Ask New Question

Search for questions, people, and topics

Adam Taha

Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Feeds
Answers 5,243
Questions 1

5,243 Answers

Most Recent / 30-Day Views

Pinned Answer

I'm a black girl and I feel myself really ugly, what should I do?

Activity

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Posts 108

Answered Feb 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Blogs 7
Followers 15,337
Following 13
Topics 25
Edits 25,351

I am going to show you a powerful secret.
You know many of these girls you see and you think they are so pretty and
you wish you was as pretty as they are?
Now watch what I do with this photo…because what you don’t need me to say is
“love yourself.” It’s a long fucking process to do that. It’s not easy. It’s hardcore
self development and takes time.
So while you do that, here’s some steps to do now..to feel better about yourself.
Here’s the photo…

Step 1 -sleep good, eat healthy diet, clean your skin, moisture blah blah. You can
read that up online. What you put inside your body, it shows on your face and
body…

Sign In

Step 2 -Sculpting the face with contouring techniques…start lightly…and sort out
your body posture…

Step 3 - time to get the makeup work for you as we got the base sorted and now
you’re going to see a big diﬀerence…

Now you feel better.
Next chose your style of hair..
You like this..

Or do you like this style..

Maybe you’re into this style..

Or you like more curls with some colour..

Now you feel real good.

Turn on the heat and change your style of clothes…
Are you an artists?
Or you is a badas diva who is into cars?
Are you the intellect book worm type.
Or are you the funky sports type?
Know what your personality is and what gives you the bounce and wear it. It will
help to boost your feeling up to feel better..because people who love themselves
know how to look after themselves, pride in what they wear, and own their shit…
So you might like this style..

Or maybe you like this style…

Or the sporty street style ﬂava…

And maybe when you is out at night to hit the night club or some event where you
need to look plush, you is turning heads with this style…

Now you see, how black women can be attractive, hot and sexy.
Also take note, on the colour you wear because the wrong colour of clothes won’t
compliment your existing beauty.
You need to experiment and see which colour works for your skin colour and the
style of clothes that works for your body type…
White, light greys, light pink and blue clothes colour works very well…

Black colour if you have like a light black skin…but add a contrast of another
colour, either a jacket, or a bag or a top.….yellow colour…to light pink, see the
high heels..

Black colour clothes work really well if you reveal skin to give it this breathing
space and for the eyes of other girls and guys, to balance and a spark of diva….
(notice a touch of white stripes on her tracksuit and her sandles, and white mobile
phone, silver large earrings…and…the hairstyle)

Other way is using diﬀerent colours and knowing what colours to use to
compliment each other and your skin. The light grey and blue jeans work really
well with the skin colour…

Below you see her wearing a top of a diﬀerent colour and her head wrapped up
which has a touch of bright yellow colour that goes with top.
It’s like men. I am a Man and I see many men do not know how to choose colours
to compliment. For example, if you wear brown shiny shoes, you then wear
brown belt. That’s the key to understand when wearing clothes. That it is not just
wearing clothes, it’s art, it’s a talent, it’s a skill and it is knowing how to build
these up for what already exist on you to shine through.
So if you look below, you’d probably wear same magenta/reddish colour for your
jeans to compliment the set you wear and high heels/trainers of similar colour.
(notice a clever touch of yellow colour neck collar and necklace)….

Below you see….black top and revealing your shoulders gives a conﬁdence visual
feel and blue jeans….and of course, see the style of the hair too which goes very
well with style of clothes she wears….(I’m Gemeni, so when I see a woman reveal
her shoulders it’s very attractive to me)

As you can see, there’s more to wearing clothes, style, colour and knowing how to
make them work for you for each part to compliment each other. See even her
belt and now look at her high heels. The colour is near enough. See her wrist
bracelet and earrings. These are the details to watch out for…

When you combine all, even your hair colour with the style of clothes…it all
comes together - white top, with touch of black writing on side of arms, blue
jeans, black bag, light shade glass, black high heel short boots…

Learn to mix colours for diﬀerent types of clothes you wear. I’m an artist so I
always see details. Put them all together with your own style…

You might be into strong bright colours and if that’s the case then you’ll see
below, they can also work well but learn to choose the right colours..

Here’s suits style and strong bright colours..

A taste of funky modern look…

Remember, the details matter and you need to be good at what works for you.
Now your mind will look at what you wear, the colours you wear and the style in a
very diﬀerent way.

Don’t just go throwing anything on but build your set of diﬀerent clothes, high
heels to shoes, to colour, makeup, accessories and ensure you have the style
factor down when it all comes together.
What this does is creates the sexual appeal and average looking girls can be
very hot if they know this knowledge and apply it.
It will make you feel good.
Nothing wrong with it but also work from inside too which takes time to do, but
this with makeup and clothes, accessories can happen right now, maybe learning
here and there for in a week or month you got it rocking.
Even a simple style can look hot…and sexy…oozing with conﬁdence…

Hit the gym too…and at ﬁrst, you’re going to feel shit but give it time, be
consistent, you’ll get used to the pain and enjoy it.
How you live your life - changes your brain.
You only follow your self image. If you’re self image is small you’ll talk negatively
about yourself, you’ll think beauty is just one thing, you don’t focus on solutions
and you begin acting and role playing the victim mentality.

That’s a turn oﬀ by the way for many conﬁdent guys.
We literally had enough of women who talk like that and who cannot focus on
solution. We know world is shit sometimes, we know there is problems but we all
got problems but you can decide to close yourself oﬀ from the world and judge it
like it’s always dark or you be the change and bring in some light.
When you do go for training in gym, make sure you get a coach for the ﬁrst few
training session and advice on diet plan, training plan and be consistent….

It gets you into a routine to respect your body, you sleep better, eat better, drink
water, stay way from eating crap like most people, because it’s the only body you
got. It’s what many people truly love themselves do in action.
Action speaks louder and results will speak for itself.
If you don’t like hitting gym, try other sports and activities.
Loving yourself means, be kind to yourself ﬁrst and it starts by using all that is
around you to leverage what you already got.
In other words, ﬁnd your own voice, ﬂava, swag, your rhythm and hook.
It starts by loving the colour you got.
Celebrate it. Own it…

Credit images - Pininterest
22.6k Views · View Upvoters

This girl and I have been talking, and we both have an interest
in one another, but I’m putting in more eﬀort, and she hasn’t
responded in over a day. Should I just let her respond if she
wants to talk, and if not just move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will take it, that this is local and not long distance. If it is, the communication
and the dynamics are going to be diﬀerent. It is here where you maybe making he
big mistake.
That you played safe, you was looking for hints, for commonalities, when really,
you need to ask her out and talk face to face.
When it is long distance and she directly said to me she is also attracted to me,
then I will invest time. I do that fast so I can screen out immature women who
like to waste time with play hard to get or those who like the chase or women who
don’t know what they want.
Due to it being long distance, 24 hour is nothing if…and I mean if…there was no
conﬂict happening because if there was conﬂict happening, and I messaged and
she is checking her message but does not reply, well, I am Gemeni. I ﬂy away.
But if there was no conﬂict, I don’t care if she didn’t message for a week.
Since this I am assuming is not long distance but local, you needed to do the
following..

1. You got her number but intent was revealed from you, and she has said
she is also interpreted. That is why she gave the number.
2. You also not making her exclusive so early and approaching other
women or screening out other women on dating websites or dating apps,
and meeting other women.
3. You text to build on attraction which does’t take long to lead to meet
each other face to face - about 3–5 messages back and forth, done.
4. Now you meet face to face.
Here’s what not to do..
1, You got her number but you didn’t ﬂirt, didn’t show you’re attracted to her and
she has also shown and said she’s attracted to you.
2. You are focused on every girl to be the ‘one.’ So you attract a girl and you don’t
create options in approaching other girls but think she’s the one. That’s not
productive for you and nor is it for women who do that too. Believe me, smart
women create options and so smart men as well because getting a number and
dating someone may not lead to further dates. It happens and so if you don’t have
options, having line of women to date, you start all..over…again..from the
beginning and ut’s too slow.
3. You don’t text back and forth for hours, and days, or weeks because you fear
you’re too fast or too sow, or this and that. Texting when it’s local is all about
building on attraction fast, be fun but now lead to meet up. If you can lead to
phone then even better but if not, no problem.
Suggest something to her that’s in full view of public so she feels see and not too
later at night. You want her to get home and one hour is enough to walk, have a
drink of coﬀee and get to know each other.
If I was you right now..
Approach other women, keep your options open because this is too soon for you
to get all wound up and serious.
When you have options you’re not going to worry about one woman who takes
her time replying to your text.
You’re like that because you have no options.
Scarcity does that to you.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zachary Newcomer

Why did a guy just ask for my selﬁe?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He wants to see who he is talking to. See if your proﬁle photo is not an old photo
but up to date. Believe me, I had this problem before.
I see photo and then you meet the person and they are not even close to the
photo. It’s a matter of trust, being transparent and nothing wrong with someone
asking for a recent photo of your face and full ﬁgure with clothes.
Avoid sending angle shots photos as that shows you’re hiding something. Keep it
simple, straight up photo. No funny business with manipulation of photos and
for pete sake, if it’s an older mature guy, we hate those snap chat photos with stuﬀ
on them. Man wants to see your face not digitally manipulated.
I see Snap chat type of selﬁes that have those emoticons as a sign of insecurity,
hiding, distorting one’s face or ﬁgure. I’m a fun guy but that is not fun for me but

hiding something, projecting insecurity of some kind. So be careful not to use the
emoticons too much and on certain photos or take photos of angle shots of your
face and ﬁgure. Keep it simple, real.
Also ask the person to do same as well. You want to see who you’re talking to and
it’s an up to date photo too. Honesty in this matter is very important from early
on in the beginning.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that some really good-looking people end up thinking
they are ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately yes and it’s even worse when someone loves the person. You see
the attractive looks on someone but deep down they are a person with
psychological script, experiences, and these are what I call the story in all our
minds.
So while you maybe for example a model, very attractive, deep down your story is
very diﬀerent and replaying over and over again. This very thing is how a person
sees themselves, their self worth as in the world they live in.
It is their self image or what you know as self esteem.
Conﬁdence is very diﬀerent as it is the ability to do something, like a skill but
even a person who has the skill, let;s say they are very good at coding on a
computer and solve problems, they have very low self esteem to be able to
interact with people, with women and men, and become socially inept, always in
their head.
They also consume food and have poor diet habits and this also eﬀects them later
on, in their looks, appearances, health and productivity at work and in other
areas of their life.
Same for a woman or a man who are very attractive, while they are conﬁdent
working in a job or they are sitting around people, or they are dating you, deep
down their self esteem is very low, it eﬀects them in many ways.
It is sad when I write this because I have loved women who are very attractive and
I have friends who are very attractive but they see themselves ugly, their self
esteem is very low and it causes problems between us. We can’t do things
together, they become isolated by their own behaviour, they self sabotage a good
thing with doubts, ifs, buts and assume things that are not there.
They will even be single for a very long time because men will see these women
and think because she is attractive, she already has a boyfriend, she is already
married but not so.
Everytime I would be with an attractive friend, a woman and she likes a guy and I
would see her always hesitate, always question herself, her looks, and always hear
“oh he won’t be into me because he’s good looking.”
I’m like “WTF, have you seen yourself in mirror?”
But no matter what you see, this is something they got to ﬁgure out themselves
and to develop your self esteem, your self image is no joke. It can ruin you in
many ways and you can see someone spiraling down and you feel helpless to help
them and you sometimes have to walk away because their self destructive
behavior, their self talk is also damaging for you too.
Some get into drugs, others take all kinds of shit and it makes it even worse for
their body to function in a way it needs to be. It cuts back on essential things to

even their sexual drive fades away and their energy drops, and their behaviour
becomes just up and down causing lots of drama to push people away because
they lose that trust from those around them.
There are a few women who I loved very deeply and I had to walk away because it
becomes emotionally draining and once is ﬁne but everytime, it gets too much no
matter if you care for this person as a friend or a lover.
I have seen very attractive women not look after themselves and ﬁnd years later
they are ugly in many ways, not just looks, but their health is messed up due to
their habit of lifestyle and what they consume.
12.6k Views · View Upvoters

My friend and I like the same girl. I have liked her for 6 months
but he has only liked her for a month. I suggested we both step
aside but he said no. What should I do? We are both 15-yearsold.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s a girl. A human being.

She has a brain. Look see..

She has intellect. Yes, she looks great, sexy, has style but also she has intellect,
thoughts, values, ideas, knowledge, personality, experiences, feelings and she can
make her own choices.
She is not owned by any guys except if she’s into kinky role play stuﬀ and likes
her man to say “I own you bitch,” which turns her on….then ﬁne but she made
that decision, made that choice for her to be with the man and have that
experience.
This here is a product….

This product doll has no choice. No brains. Except of course who design, market
and sell it. It cannot talk for itself. It has no choice.
So other people who OWN this product speak for this product.

It has no choice.
See the diﬀerence?
So go to the girl.…

Forget the other guy. He has no say in this. He doesn’t own her nor do you. He
doesn’t think for her nor do you.
The only decision now is go to her right now and ask her out. The other guy too
goes and asks her out.
She then decides who to say yes to whoever.
Maybe she says no to both of you but at least you both respected her by going to
her, to ask her out and for her to have a choice to say yes or no to whoever.
6k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers · Answer requested by Thomas Nguyen

There's a guy who seems to be interested in me but when I'm
around he doesn't stay still. He can't stay still even when I'm
talking with him. What does that mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is he Gemeni?
If he is, he’s bored with you. He cannot focus because he knows you’re playing a
game, hiding your true self and not saying to him you’re attracted to him. Or he
just feels you’re not honest, superﬁcial in hiding your intent towards him.
Therefore, when a Gemeni behaves in a certain way, he is acting from your
mirror. If you act awkward, he will get frustrated. If you act shy, he will see you
are not capable being with him in his future world.
If you are not direct sexually with him, hardcore, he will deﬁnitely see you’re not
for him and you are of the world he doesn’t want to be part of.
If you try speak like a woman who is trying some game, so he has to think what is
going on with you to say that, his other side, his emotions, the dark side, the

beast, will come out and he will put you in your place by speaking calmly and
directly to you.
Or…he will ﬂy away from you because a Gemeni believes he doesn’t have to
explain himself to you and the reason is he was direct from day one and has
already revealed himself.
This is Gemeni…

And it is truly up to you. Just don’t play games with a Gemeni. They are way
ahead in what’s going on.
He saw you coming before you even met him, so you can’t go oﬀ pretending you
is all up on a pedestal with a Gemeni, up and down, one minute happy and next
sad, one minute crying and whining, and one minute acting all supportive and…
one day you’re into him and a week later you is ifs, buts and casting doubt which
means you are devaluing him, his time he has given and he again will put you
back in place and be direct with you, and ask what are you doing because his
other side can feel some vibe (his feminine side that knows all about women)
or he will leave you standing no matter if you are the hottest, richest, or amazing
woman in town.
Gemeni’s are the greatest lovers out of all the signs.
That is why there are two people, masculine and feminine if you look at the cards.
You’ll see the feminine (woman) on let hand side which stands for his emotions
and on right side is Masculine (the man).
He knows women and the games, and he is in-tune with himself more than
yourself because he is Masculine and in tune with his Feminine side, if he is older
and mature man. He can detect the non-verbal communication and he doesn’t
like those game.
He is air, loves freedom and not to be controlled or feels you’re pinning him down
or playing any mind games.
Now, if he is not a Gemeni….then he probably a guy who feels uncomfortable with
you because you are being ambiguous, you’re confusing him, he’s not sure you’re
attracted to him or not. You’re ﬂirting and he doesn’t know why as you have not
made clear about your feelings to him.
He can feel your vibe but cannot read your mind.
Be ready for him to lose interest in because that kind of feeling is stressful and he
may rather just move on than feeling these emotions.
If it’s a Gemeni, he already ﬁgured you out and he’s just waiting for you to reveal
your true self, and if he doesn’t like your true self, he will ﬂy away. That is why
always be who you are in the beginning…no..surprises.
Avoid being one person one day and diﬀerent person the other day. They ate
carefully gathering facts about you in your behaviour and in your words, seeing if

they match and moment they ﬁnd out a woman is not who she is, don’t complain
when they ﬂy away without a word.
They don’t have to explain anything and nor do they follow then rules of many.
They have their own rules. Respect them or they disrespect you by move on
without a word.
So step up and reveal to him your true self and intent no matter if he’s Gemeni or
not as it be in your favour that you do.
Let him know that you are attracted to him and cut out any games like signs, cues
and being all ambiguous.
But hey, that’s my assumption as I don’t know him or you.
The same way you are assuming his behaviour means anything. For all I know, he
is low on sugar, he’s always been this away…awkward and has nothing to say, so
he’s all over the place.
I have yet to ﬁnd a devise invented that reads people’s minds.
I’m waiting but I doubt it will happen. Maybe in 500 years ;)
4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that the boy you loved in middle school will be the one
you end up marrying?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, in movies, magazines, comics, video games.
Not saying it doesn’t happen in real life but the chances of that happening the
way girls play games in school, heads up their asses, drama, drama and young
lads as immature as hell, and both probably don’t know where they are in life,
where to go and following rules on autopilot that will soon crash into some
volcano and ﬁnd themselves get burnt from heart ache because they got one heck
of a time to learn a lot of shit.
Especially the diﬀerence between infatuation and love, and then sorting out their
own insecurities, and doubts, and fears which screws up any long lasting
relationships and let;’s also add most girls are Narcissist but they clever, doing all
covert which pushes guys away and thinks..
“Fuck this. I don’t even know who this girl is.”
And don’t get me started with the crap modern day feminist novels and books
they read and ﬁll their head with all sorts of bullshit that doesn’t work in the real
world today.
School is a bubble, that will soon pop like pop corns in a fairytale fair with lots of
fantasy about white knights come to save them from their boring mediocre life
which they pimp online like it’s a grandmaster hip hip tournament with selﬁes,
and shit quotes and drama like..
“Oooh guys send me dick photos, why, why”
Yes, it might happen but your chances as a girl or a guy, in school is very…very…
slim.
I know because I went to school once and girls are fucking crazy at that age and
full of drama and so are the guys.
Yes, it’s slim as cupids ﬂying in the sky, as they throw arrows at people to fall in
love for music ﬂoating in the air to turn into gold,

And we all get rich and become billionaires to buy Pete Pan Island and stay young
forever and ever ;)
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you text a girl you just met?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Mar 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I text a girl I have never met?

How did you get her number?
This is the mistake most do. You get a number from a girl or from someone else
she knows without establishing the intent of what you want from her and see if
she ﬁrst wants the same thing.
So you haven’t established a connection with her yet which needs to be done ﬁrst.
If it’s local, then face to face is the way.
Because if you don’t, she may waste your sweet time and lap up the attention,
while you is thinking she is attracted to you when she’s not. Or she will judge you
as something else because you didn’t ﬁrst establish connection face to face and it
might scare her as she doesn’t know you.
Don’t text her.
Instead develop rapport ﬁrst face to face.
If you’re attracted to her then approach, be fun, light hearted, built rapport with
her and let her know you are attracted to her but ﬁnd out if she feels the same. If
she doesn't, then don’t waste your time and move on. If yes, then let her know
you’ll text her to go out this week and check some place out and fun.
But if your intent is friendship, then again, do same thing, face to face, be fun,
light hearted but don’t pretend you want to be a friend when you want more. If
she feels she like to associate with you and get to know you, then let her know
you’ll text her and go out some day as friends.
So know what you want, make your intent clear in your mind and then establish
connection ﬁrst.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people from Arab descent and countries like Nepal,
Indonesia, have a crush on Indian girls who look similar to
Bollywood celebrities, with big eyes, fair skin, and beautiful
smile?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Mar 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m Arab although I have lived in west mostly my entire life, presently in london
though I travel a lot when I got time. I am not into Bollywood celebrities. Nor
Hollywood celebrities.
I’d date an average looking woman who isn’t a celebrity, who is fun, wild and high
sexual and respects the desires that of a man who loves freedom. No drama, no
ifs, buts, back and forth drama, and seriousness but ﬂow naturally and just be
fun..
I will also date a hot sexy woman too who isn’t a celebrity.
Not into celebrities, though kudos to them for their success.
Got nothing against them but I don’t look at women in magazine covers or online
of famous women and got them on some pedestals. Not interested.

I am more into dating white women who have ass, curves, intellect in that they
are fun but that hasn’t stopped me dating women of diﬀerent races, black, white
and so on.
What is really important is she can intellectually stimulate me with fun, sexual,
not serious, not deep because Gemeni Men meets many people, we are social
butterﬂies, and to go deep with everyone is a lot of energy, so we only go deep
with selected few and these few respect our Mental Freedom and how we see
relationships in reality not fairy tales and we’re are upfront about that part but
most don’t listen to only what they want to hear.
So not all Arabs are into celebrities, whether Hollywood or Bollywood. Arabs have
their own diﬀerent personalities, perception, we’re not the all the same. I don’t
really like Arabic music much but I like soul music, hip hop that has a jazz ﬂava,
deep orchestra symphony that has amazing melodies and makes you feel. I am a
Sadist Dominant and high sexual. I am not into marriage model or monogamy.
Many of my Arab friends are very diﬀerent to me. I can hardly even think of one
Arab friend out of many I know who is even close to how I think, live and believe
in, and into what I do in my life.
Not all Arabs are into BSDM either or music production to writing erotic stories
and painting erotic art, design.
This is emotional bias.
You haven’t met every Arab in the world. You probably see what you want to see
and rationalize it all to make your world predictable.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zarrin Cherry

How come men don't approach me for dates at the grocery
market?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
We got a bet going on.
Didn’t you know?
You see one guy but if you look closely, there’s a gang of men betting with women.
The women say that it be the woman who will approach which got all men
cracking up laughing.
The men raised the bet conﬁdently that she won’t make a move.
I am betting these guys will win the bet hands down.
What do you think?
;)

Take initiative, say hi to the guy and strike a conversation, ﬂirt, make him laugh
and keep it light hearted.
Smile, ask a man which would he buy if he would to choose, the red onions or the
plain ones. Man likes to solve problems. When he answers then ask him another
question, expand it so you can have a conversation or compliment him on
something he’s wearing.
Times have changed.

Men have dating apps, tinder, online websites, facebook, all sorts now than
having to approach women and get snapped at and judged.
They fear the same as you do - rejection.
So you got a choice. Wait a long time or take initiative, be proactive, smile,
accelerate the process by saying hello, strike a conversation and make a
connection,
You’d be surprised how fast you’ll get to date a man.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend says "I shouldn't trust her". What does it mean?
And what do I do about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like to you to think of it this way..
You want to buy a house. It’s an investment of your emotions and time. So you’re
looking to the future too because a house is big deal. You invest in some shady
property you could lose out a lot and to sell it again could cost you more than
what you bought it for.
You’re going to use your resources and a man who does not know how to allocate
his resource of time is a man who does not value himself.
He sees his self worth as low.
But this man who wants to buy a house has high self image.
Here comes the property owner of that big house and as he shows him around,
the potential buyer asks...
“Is there anything you need to tell me before we go further?”
The property owner says..
“Yes, you shouldn’t trust me.”
“What did you say?” replies the potential buyer
“You shouldn’t trust me.”
With that, the man then potential buyer, walks away to never buy this house.. It
be stupid if invested his hard earned money, emotions, time, when he just heard.
“You shouldn’t trust me.”
He didn’t care what these words means. He didn’t question what to do about it
and he trusted his feelings far more than a man who doesn’t know himself. Men
of high self worth develop an canny ability.
They gained lots of experience and realised how powerful their own feelings and
instincts are. They are the evolved man of then modern world and no traps in the
modern world can ambush them.
They are always ‘qualifying’ people and they don’t rush into investing by letting
their emotions lead them to desperate situations because they know what the
dangers are when it comes to craving for acceptance, approval and to ﬁt in. They
put themselves ﬁrst
But you don’t put yourself ﬁrst.
In anything, if you got high self worth in yourself, just this alone, you’ll do in
every area of your life.

So this man isn’t just doing this when he’s buying property but he’d never ask
what to do about it in other areas of his life.
If you took your life seriously, no way in hell would you even ask..
“What do I do about it.”
If you had a million dollars and you’re going to deposit it in a bank and the bank
says..
“You shouldn’t trust us.”
What would you do?
You’d not deposit your money in that bank.
So why when it’s about girls, women, do so many guys do not apply this with
dating women?
Why do the throw all that away over a woman?
This is what we mean by congruence.
That your values and belief system is not just words but you live them day to day,
no matter what situation and with whom.
That id a woman messed you around, you will slam the brakes down and let her
know this is not on.
If a woman behaves in a manner you don’t like, you are going to say it.
If a woman steps over your boundaries you’re gong to show right now how you is
the man you say you are. They may have never met a man of that quality but men
who put their hormones, woman’s body, sex ﬁrst before their boundaries.
So why do you think your life is small and worth nothing to even ask after she
said to you..
“You shouldn’t trust me.”
You don’t need anyone to tell you what to do when you got self respect. When
you’re self worth is high.
That is the diﬀerence between weak men and strong men.
The weak have no boundaries and even if some of them do, they compromise
them for money, fame, popularity, women and sex. They even try to impress a
woman thinking they haven’t a choice. They don’t qualify women for their
resources, time and aﬀection.
They even wine and dine her to get sex because such men don’t have options.
They never learn to create them due to always fearing rejections. So their
resource is tiny or even non-existent.
Such men will even leave their time, their hobbies, their goals and dreams to
make her happy and not even think about their own happiness.
But get this..
She won’t compromise her life for you.
If you said to her..
“You shouldn’t trust me…”
She’d not think twice to not trust you and walk away.

She is always using sex as an investment. She’s always dangling it like a carrot like
it is her self worth and even when she does have sex on ﬁrst date, her self worth is
so low, she will then get insecure because now she feels shame when there is no
shame in this at all.
But she feels it because all she thinks she is - is sex. That is why she uses sex as a
weapon because that is all she thinks she be worth but sex today, is worth fuck all
because man can get it anywhere. Man can pay for it, Man can approach man
women and soon he’ll get a woman who desires sex, craves for it as much as he
does. He only needs to learn to overcome his fears of rejection and learn to be a
man who puts himself ﬁrst than the validation from the minorities who think
they are then majority.
The strong man has boundaries and they hold them tight like burning coal in
their hands, to never let go of them no matter how hot, sexy or attractive a
woman is. They are not seeking approval but qualifying women. They take their
time and other resources seriously.
So walk away.
She’s told you the damage she can do to you.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get some of my friends to be on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Find out what your friends interested in.
2. Things they so want to solve problems about. I mean really into it.
3. Then ﬁnd these answers on quora and copy the links so you know where
they are.
4. Now on your facebook page or whatever social media you use, share one
of these answers. Don’t go crazy. Sprinkle it between sharing other stuﬀ.
Let’s say one answer a week or one answer every two week.
The key is, let them feel it was their decision not yours.
Give them that choice by you just doing that, no pushing, not asking or
convincing. They’ll see it on your social media page.
But make sure, you really know what you’re friends into and share the best
answers you can ﬁnd that helps them solve their problems or they get some
entertainment out of it.
So you might ﬁnd some fun answers that crack them up laughing.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Elijah Krause

What will you do if a man already said to you before that there
is no future for both of you and him, but oﬃcially he was the
one who always texted you ﬁrst everyday, and you both are still
talking a few days plus everyday?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He has shown his intent. He has shown lack of certainty for future between you
and him. That means, he has changed his mind and you’re fortunate because
most of time, some people won’t say it and lead you on, or make you feel things
which confuses you, for you to make the tough decisions.
But you need to trust your feelings and be brave enough to let this man go. To
ensure you respect your boundaries no matter what you may hope for.

It is far better to be with someone who is passionate, conﬁdent in you as you are
in them and on what you both have for each other.
Remove doubt.
Remove ifs, buts, what does it mean. Remove uncertainty and I promise you, you
will not feel this shit feeling you’re feeling right now for long.
You will ﬁnd harmony and peace when you remove the uncertainty and now you
can see clearly, to move on.
He has said to you there is no future and so now let him know it is over and cease
contact and move on.
You will reduce so much hurt, so much drama and stress.
There are plenty of wonderful men out there who would love to have a future with
you, and who will give you certainty, clarity, no doubts and the actions of that
man will be visible as clear as day.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if my ex-girlfriend, a narcissist, is spying on
my social media?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she is spying on you and you know it, then you are also spying on her. The other
thing, you may not have realised is..
She knows you know because that is her intent….
To get your attention and stay in your head.
It worked, Hasn’t it? Yes, it ﬁnally did!
Now block and move on.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl says "maybe when you get back" to a future date,
does that mean no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy asks me this one question..
“So, what pickup artists book you read, what dating books you read and
recommend?”
I’ll let you in a secret.
Everything I learnt was from business books. I learned one of the most powerful
lessons from one sales books that’s about generating tons of sales, when it was
door to door, and prospecting people face to face back then.
I still remember it today but I can only roughly summaries it..
There are two sales reps. One generates far more results than the other.
The one who gets little result is approaching prospects to convince them
about the product. He is invests emotionally too early in the prospect
who doesn’t qualify for the sales rep time and nor is in need of the oﬀer.
The other ﬁrstly identiﬁes if there is a need and if the prospect qualiﬁes
for the further information on the oﬀer. If he person does not have a
need and explains so, and desires the oﬀer, the sales rep moves on. He

has a long list of potential prospect to contact to focus on one person
who is giving him ambiguous response or a no.
This is a way to screen and ﬁlter to get to the person who says yes, quicker. Those
who have no option, focusing on one person have demonstrated they do not
believe what they oﬀer and that many will desire such oﬀer.
And if you think women do not create options, then remember they do not want
you to know this because they fear what society will think of them or they just
don’t want you to know.
You’re not the only one approaching the woman, calling, texting. They too have
options but like you to believe they don’t.
In business, if a business owner does not believe in his products and services, in
their values and culture, why expect others to do so?
They do say no to customers. They do exercise that choice to have better
customers who value what is on oﬀer.
Some even go far to specify on their website who their oﬀer isn’t for and who it is
for to enable them to avoid wasting resources.
Your time is your most valuable resource.
Same in dating.
You need to know what is good enough for you.
You need to establish what your values are and from them, establish your
boundaries and respect them more than anyone else or no one else will. You need
to believe in yourself more and on what you got to oﬀer. Also believe many out
there desire what you got to oﬀer.
So if a woman does not give you a clear answer or behaves in a certain way that
makes you feel something you don’t like, you know there are many women out
there who will want what you got to oﬀer.
But you got to learn to move on faster and create momentum.
Another thing I learned early on, is 20% of sales force generate more sales than
the 80%.
You need to get good at identifying the 20% in your life, whether it is dating, work
or tasks.
For me, I take these responses below as not good enough. I don’t give time to a
woman who responds with:
Maybe when I come back from holiday
I don’t know
I’ll think about it
I got a boyfriend
I erm don’t know what I want
I’m so busy and I’ll contact you someday
Or a clear - No
So if it isn’t a clear yes and if the woman doesn’t behave in a manner as well after
saying yes, I see this is clear intent of her saying…not interested.
I will screen her out and move on.
Most people hate saying no.

They feel uncomfortable to make such a decision. They will even give phone
numbers and sometimes a fake on. They will even say they are interested just to
get rid of the person or to avoid awkwardness or fear of conﬂict.
People can mislead you, waste your time, step over your boundaries if you do not
respect your own boundaries.
People can get through that gap and so, you need to ensure they know your
boundaries and if they step over them, you’re not going to dance on eggshells,
They are going to learn that there is someone in this world who will not tolerate
their behaviour.
They can do it to other men but not you.
The mistake many make, is they don’t learn to move on fast enough. They
compromise their boundaries and some don’t even have any.
I would take it as a no.
That the answer is not good enough for you to use your valuable resources,
investing time, emotions and thinking regarding this woman.
But that’s me and that’s how I will take. It’s up to you but I would never give a
second thought of contacting her again to date.
I’d have moved on.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

What can a girl do to show the guy (who lacks conﬁdence) that
she actually cares and kind of likes him back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can approach and show interest, be light hearted, not serious, fun, build
some rapport and then ask him out.
Be conﬁdent in yourself is what I am saying and approach, and stay consistent.
That is how a guy will have conﬁdence in your ability to be mature, consistent
and reliable, rather than up and down, back and forth.
If he lacks conﬁdence, the last thing he needs is someone who shows interests
and then plays with his feelings.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy keep giving me signs that he likes me and
then stop once I do the same?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So we were playing soccer and one of us kicked the ball way over the side of the
park. We looked at each other on whose turn is it to run and get the ball.
Then I saw a woman and ball is so close to her.
So I waved. She waved,.
I waved again. She waved again.
I shouted something, she waved and shouted. I waved again pointing. She waves
and points back.
It was getting frustrating.
I’m like “for fuck sake! Can’t she see the ball? Doesn’t she get it?”

Just when I was about to run to get the ball, a guy walks over, sees the ball, I wave,
point at the ball and he picks it up and kicks it and…the ball went right over to
somewhere else and he got embarrassed.
We just looked at each other and thought..
‘Looks like soccer is a lost art,’ and one of us went to get the ball.

There is only mixed signals because both people are in the illusion that
communication has been done.
Because he hints and you hint back. He does it again and you do same again. He
does keeps going and you go oﬀ doing same again.
He gets frustrated and you get frustrated.
He loses interest and thinks women are play hard to get and you also think he’s a
player or a jerk for not trying hard enough.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to make a girl say yes?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I did so easily.
Me - Do you like to eat food?
Her - Yes!
Me - Hey, do you like watching movies?
Diﬀerent girl - Yes!
See, it’s very easy to do.
But if you mean making someone say yes to date you, then no.
Now you’re wasting your sweet time and need to move on, approaching someone
else if you see someone you like.
You don’t want someone who is not as passionate and interested in you as you are
into them. Just waste of time.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the reason for hanging out with rich women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Knowledge.
I know a few rich women I associate with. They got amazing knowledge in a lot of
areas including ﬁnance, law, marketing and shifts in economy. Very
knowledgeable in investment too.
They also talk very diﬀerent to many women you’d meet They have certainty,
clarity, they are very careful about their self talk and who to associate wth.
For most people, if they heard these women talk and how they talk to their
children, it may seem weird to them but I know why they do it, and I believe in
how they are way ahead when it comes t mindset, attitude, self talk, visualisung
techniques and they are vert strict when it comes to negativity.
You can tell by their children as well who grow up with diﬀerent set skills in
socialising, networking, and their attitude is far more positive.

Most don’t pay lots of money to go to restaurants and places because they can but
because they want to ensure they don’t have their minds bombard with lots of
toxic talk from people.
You can learn a lot from rich women just by observing the way they interact with
other people.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that all of my male friends (I'm male too) talk only
about women and sex when there are so many other interesting
things in the world?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you need to expand your social circle. Nothing wrong with these guys
talking about women and sex. If you are not into that then hey, expand your circle
to meet other like minded people.
For example…with some friends we talked about…
1. Techniques for digital designs
2. Problem solving for small business instead of using paypal
3. Strategy and it’s deﬁnition today and where all support for small
businesses that use to be in city, disappeared to.
4. Philosophy and also books on it too
5. The guy down the road who has…donkey in his back yard, a sheep and
two chickens, and we’re debating if he used to be a farmer, which lead to
discussion about food and if organic is really organic and if we are being
conned.
6. Conspiracy theories. Now that was a laugh too.
7. How to make our own buckle belt with our own design and discovered
one of our friends knows a guy who does this, and so we got some
designed and he’s making mold for it and doing them.
8. Talks about football, volleyball.
9. Thai boxing techniques
10. How come one of our friends eats ton of food, I mean this guy can eat
and yet still stay slim without any training whatsoever. He won’t tell us
and keeps us guessing so we made a bet to see who can guess how he
does it.
This has been going on for a month now and he’s enjoin then damn
attention!
11. The universe and not one of knew shit, believe me. None of us knew
much but it was laugh which lead to time machine ideas, and what we do
if we had one and even sketching on paper time a design for a time
machine. It went crazy, because one friend is an prodict designer and so
he was up for challenge sketching detail drawings.
If we had a camera crew, the weekly episodes would give a diﬀerent angle of men
and what we talk about.
We became nerds but nerds where we turned everything into a joke, fun, that
people in bar wanted to join in, which is great. More the merrier.
Now don’t get me wrong….

We do sometimes talk about sex women but we enjoy it more when it’s with our
lovers and when ﬂirting with women in bars we go to and they know us well, so
they are fun, witty and they go for it, challenging us. They are not awkward about
it and get all oﬀending. They actually challenge is when we turn up.
So I think you just need to expand your network of friends and choose carefully.
Maybe go to places where people talk about what you want to talk about. Let’s say
you’re into science or art, then there are places you can go and if you show up
consistently, you’ll make new friends.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best piece of advice you could give someone about
life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hollywod has made billions out of it. Bollywood has made billions out of it too.
Products sell in the bucket loads because of it. Apple to other corporations made
use of it to get their products have an edge.
It is like the holy grail, the uno, the one, the most powerful tool and it can make a
video go viral to hit millions in a week. It skyrocket or hit someone’s business to
the ground. It can create a reputation and destroy it in one go.
It can get companies chasing you because of this ingredient as long you can
deliver. It can get companies to give you the salary you want and it surely can and
proved time and time again take an underdog entrepreneur, woman, man or
teenager to amazing heights.
And yet for all it’s power we see all around us, most people do not see it yet,
grasped it and didn’t take care of it.
I have found teenagers fail because of it.
I have met adult men and women fail in business because of it.
I have met people in relationship where it was going amazing and one of them
didn’t take care of that which many have made billions out of it.
I have seen good men and women lose in courts because of it.
I have seen grown men paralyzed due to it when meeting a woman.
I have seen women still being covert, signalling to men like children in
playrounds, scared of what someone might think of them.
I have seen them self sabotage something that they so wanted in a matter of just a
few sentences either on phone, or face to face or by text alone to wonder why man
does not feel safe about teh future with them and slams the door shut.
I have witnessed so many lives stay in abusive relationship because of it.
I have seen the innocent imprisoned and the guilty roam free and unpunished.
I have seen artists fail and thought it was due to their art.
But I also seen average men and women become champions in sports, in
education, in their talent and some developed a skill to become a talent to pursue
their goals and dreams with stellar results.
What is it?
It is the story in our minds,

The most powerful engine, most powerful organic machine and inside there is
what we call a….story.
What we tell ourselves will be the beginning of our bright future or the end of it
when we meet the world again and again.
It will be the beginning and lasting of a relationship or the journey of self
sabotage.
It will be the moment of realization of how we can achieve success and get us to
ﬁnd someone who has already been there and learn from them or make all the
excuses under the sun.
It can be a story of - can’t, maybe, ifs and but.
It will either let you trust someone who can bring value to your life and teach the
way it is with he world, without you judging them for sharing with you how it
really is or you will grow in mistrust due your own story to lose that mentorship
and who are masters of their domain.
Our story is worth more than the fears we think will happen, what might not
happen, how it’s too good to happen, and all the ifs, and buts that has done
nothing but robbed us of the story that can help propel us forward into our
bright future.
What we tell ourselves, and project out there to someone, will either make or
break whatever it is we so wanted.
The mainstream media role is only one.
It is to change our story that we tell ourselves and they do it by what they already
know works - fear, doubts, uncertainties, ifs, buts, what cannot work, what might
not or can happen.
The same thing that they know ‘already’ exists in our minds - fear of the
unknown, of the uncertainty, of our own greatest do we fear the most.
Now, I ask yourself one question..
How much is your story that resides in your mind, worth to you?
It’s worth billions to corporations.
Next time someone don’t want to hear negativity, doubts, see it not that they not
weak or hiding.
But rather they know something is worth far more than that.
That they have already been on that path and know it is self destructive one and
they don’t want to go on that path anymore.
They don’t want to whine and feel the darkness as they know there is enough of it
and enough people who don’t believe in themselves and they don’t want to be
part of that story anymore.
They know how powerful their mind is.
They know it took long to curve the habit of positive attitude and of thinking in a
certain way and there is only a certain way for success, a certain way to achieve
and a certain way to think and most do not do…the..certain way because it is not
predictable, comfortable and doesn’t give a payoﬀ of staying in the comfort zone.
They know their mind needs to be protected not just from out there but from
themselves - because their story is worth far more than what you think cannot
happen, what is too hard to achieve and what people say can’t be made.

Their story took work, investing of k knowledge, reading…reading…reading,
visualizing after visualizing and doing wat majority do not do, and all this has
created new habits to live a new story they want to achieve, not the story of fear,
of insecurities, of what cannot happen, then ifs, buts, too good and “why me” and
“how can it be.”
So they are upbeat, they are fun, they like to talk about the present and plan for
the future, like it is already happen and for some people, it is diﬃcult to do
because their story is if, but, how can it be, it’s just, and because and can’t to
words like, ‘maybe.’
Change our story, we change our script, change our script, we change our self
image, change our self image and the behavior that success needs or what success
means to each of us, will follow.
And that is really the meaning of life…
The battle with the self.
It is your story.
The question is..
What story you’re saying right now in your head and is it getting you the results you
want?
If not….change the story.
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys like it when women worry about them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not all men like it. Some probably but for me, no. I don’t like it at all. I like
uplifting, fun, clarity and making decision on present but I don’t like it when a
woman starts worrying and makes a fuss regarding it.
You just might be attracting such guys but no, I’m not one of them. It will drive
me mad every time seeing lovers worrying or asking about things I worry about,
like I think about that.
The moment I also hear doubts, lack of certainty, talking about future but in
doubts or what we may have, is a big fat no with.
Self talk for me is about the present but also the belief of the future, and so I don’t
like talks of ifs, buts or that grounds on suspicious who reveals lack of trust.
That’s negativity as well because it creates toxic vibe.
I invested tons of knowledge on books, learning to get my mind strong mentally
and do lots of visualising techniques. I’m a great believer in positive attitude,
believing what we want has already happened and work towards it in that
mindset.
I read books like this one…

And books like this..

Some of us know what words we say can do to our minds and I like women who I
associate with to talk upbeat, with certainty, belief, no ifs, buts and I don’t like
negativity talk that focuses on what can’t happen, what might not happen, and
doubts on other things, when we can focus on nurturing and make it happen.
Even if I do have problems or whatever, I rather focus on moving forward and
ﬁnding solutions and by that I mean we stick to the plan, not deviate and spoil it
with ifs, buts and is this what it is and doubt kind of talk.
Gemeni, upbeat, fun, please no worrying and negativity and doubts about this
and that and so on. I see enough of that already.
If we even hear negativity we fucking go ballistic and run. Or doubts of future
plans and things like that, we then see people who do that as people we cannot
trust because the future needs one to work it now, make it happen, do something
about it and nurture what we have.
Drives us crazy when we meet people who just don’t get it, and are ifs, but,
maybe, can’t and back and forth, no clarity, no solid decision.
It’s not like we don’t say it and mention it time and time again, to avoid doing
these kind of talks and behaviour but still, some people got to push, press buttons

or can’t get their toxic stuﬀ in their mind together.
Yes, we know world is dark, things can go wrong but as a Gemeni, just no, not into
worrying much. Life is too sort and… I have tried worrying. It doesn’t make me
feel good.
I’m about feeling.
If what someone says or does makes me feel shit, especially worrying then you
can bank on your stars and all the money, I will go in ﬂight mode and you’ll never
see me again.
Not all Gemenis are desperate and needy. Some of us got boundaries and will not
go back and forth, pleading to start again. We’ll move on to fresh pastures and
ensure our boundaries stays strong.
I’ve felt what worrying feels like and doubting feels like, and uncertainty talk
feels like and questions about what we got, if we love, if it’s real, blah blah blah. I
don’t like that feeling especially when someone is making whats good
complicated or too serious.
So why I want to have that feeling for and have another person doing it with me? I
can get that anywhere but I can’t get people of positive minds who can make solid
decisions easily in world.
That’s called attitude.
It’s cultivated, nurtured and invested in.
Self talk for me is big and so no thanks.
I rather they worry if I got enough cheese cake.
Now worry about that is ﬁne. I love cheese cake and food, and I love sex and
romance. Let’s have more of that, work to nurture what we have instead of
worrying what isn’t, ifs, but, can’t and maybe’s.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a diﬀerence between lady and woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What's the diﬀerences between women and ladies?

There is none.
There is only women.
It’s like one woman who said something that really pissed me oﬀ so much I had to
say her to shut the fuck up..
“Oh I am not like other women.”
I have heard this way back as a teen in school..
“I’m not like other girls.”
Meaning, the other girls are sluts, whores.
It[‘s alright then is it, for a man to fuck women and wear whatever he wants, do
whatever but then for a woman to also fuck men and other men, she is called a
slut, a whore.
It is nothing but that these women feel uncomfortable, insecure to go oﬀ trying to
use labels, to compete and put other women down.
There is only woman.

And for the record..
A transwoman is a woman.
I am getting sick of this shit out in world where I still hear questions in night
clubs or when sitting down at bar with some guys t hear..
“Why would a man be attracted to a transwoman.”
Because she’s a woman!
Because she’s a woman who is attractive. Because she’s a woman who a man
desires like seeing other women. Many men would date, be in relationship with
her. Many.
She..is…a..woman .
There is no man vs gentlman, man vs nice man, bad boy vs good man.
There is only man.
Each living their own way, own lifestyle.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my EX telling me that she is over me, but is now friendly
and asking for hugs?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 26, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. You let her do it
2. She knows she can do it
3. Because you’re banking on hope and comprommising your own
boundaries like “nice guy” in hope to get her back
4. Because she knows this about you very well
5. Because you crave for her attention, approval and acceptance
In other words…
You let her do it.
It takes two to tango.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do introverts dislike about extroverts?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 26, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You might not like this if you’re an introvert looking to poke holes on extroverts
to feel superior.
I’m an introvert and I don’t dislike them but understand them,
You may never know the loneliness many of them can feel. You think as an
introvert you are special, on how you got intellect, superior and all that but you
made that choice to isolate yourself and I am an introvert who hasn’t.
Someone who can also talk a lot and go no problem approaching, conversation
with women, men, and in groups or as one to one.
Even as an introvert, I sometimes can’t seem to ﬁt with most introverts because
they think shy is introversion when it’s not. I’m not shy, I’m not awkward, I’m

someone who cannot socialise, mingle and adapt to any personality I please but
sometimes I ﬁnd other introverts are a pain in ass and whine so much about how
no one accepts them, how no one understands them but most don’t even give
time to understand other people but stay in the comfort zone.
I choose not to isolate myself and had to meet the world as the world we live in is
a social world and yes, complex as well.
If I am on my own sometimes, it is by choice for knowledge, skills and developing
my art not to whine about how no one gets an introvert, which by the way, many
introverts can’t help but whine about it on social media.
Even to the extent you tell the world you don’t like human beings and it gets a bit
like a broke old record.
You may not like it but you’re not the only one who feels lonely sometimes and
who ﬁnds people don’t get you and understand you.
You meet an extrovert, they come to you packed with excitement and adventures.
They just jump in but there is something most don’t see because they are blinded
by their own egos.
It is they hide the part in which they also feel lonely.
They also want to belong. They also want aﬀection. They also want to be admired
and respected for who they are. They want to share, participate with other people
and they want to give a lot of themselves to others.
Something by the way many introverts complain about and aren’t very good
when they do get that from other people to take it for granted because when you
didn’t have it before, you don’t really know what it is and don’t appreciate it until
it is taken away from you.
I have met may introverts like that, who seem nice, shy, and but really they can be
nasty piece of work, very judgmental and bitter about the world. You only have to
look at some of their social media page to see that.
Extroverts also want to have meaning in their life and many achieve a lot and in
leadership roles because they are very good with people and management roles.
They can also stand up for themselves rather being passive.
They also want to be understood and to be heard and appreciated.
They bring life to the party and social gathering. People cannot help but be
friends with them and they are missed when they are not around.
You’d never even know they feel lonely, if you haven’t lovers who are extroverts ot
spend lots of time getting to know the person.
I’m an introvert but they thought I was an extrovert because I can adapt, have
social skills, lots of friends but the diﬀerence is….
I can live without any friends and not because I don’t like human beings.
I can live without people inviting me, without them calling on me because I am in
love with my work, my passion, knowledge and I need silence to create a lot and
without even a hint of sound but light sound of the laptop or the digital pen when
drawing on my tablet.
That doesn’t mean extroverts are not in love with their passion but they do it in a
way where it’s in a social environment.
From having lovers who are extroverts, I see they become energized by being with
people, they are social creatures though they do like their time alone as well.

They can travel alone. That’s not introversion quality which most introvert like to
put them on pedestal like it’s the quantity they only got when wanting to be
alone, have silence, solitude or to not even hear anyone talking.
Extroverts can be like that at a certain time too.
Like when they come home from work, they won’t say anything, need to eat ﬁrst,
relax but later they are so wanting to talk about what happened at work and so
on, and so like my lovers, I listen. I know this is their emotional language and I
can even not hear a word from introverts.
It’s ﬁne for me, because I understand diﬀerent personalities, know each has all
personalities but one is more used than the others.
Introverts need to learn to balance all personalities rather than think this is all
they are. Much of which is self programming which is destructive because you
want something from life but the talk in a way that tells the brain you don’t want
it due to unconscious fears and rationalised as..
“Oh I am introvert.”
No, I know many introverts who rose to leadership and kicking ass and leading
teams of extroverts and all kind of personalities. Some are running large millions
dollar business.
We’ve seen introverts even invent and create in the business world that has lead
the human race to move into the future with incredible technological to creative
prospects for us all.
Many I found also to be great public speakers who have no qualm talking to 10
people to thousands.
Evidence is clear,
It i there and so it is down to one’;s own upbringing, own self awareness and how
they want to grow or not.
When extroverts wake up early for work most don’t want to talk and when they
are focused on work, when they are in a deadline and goals need to be achieved.
Then their dominate personality steps in to the other personalities we all have.
When they ﬁnish work, their fun personality kicks in. They want to let their hair
down and let go of stress and focus to just have fun.
If their friends don’t invite them to holiday trips and they go oﬀ with new friends,
they can get deeply hurt, or if they ﬁnd themselves at loss due to friends
changing, friends becoming narcissists, friends being terrible, and then it hurts
them deeply to lose these friends as they made close connection, they enjoyed
socalising, meeting each other, going out with them.
I’ve seen extroverts cry and be very miserable because of such experiences.
Introverts see a happy, fun person who talks a lot and don’t really give time to
know the person to see they also feel sad, lonely, heart broken at times but they
hide it from world by hammering away to release stress by dancing, clubbing,
going on holidays with new friends and parties.
Other people see “oOOh party animal,” but they have clue really of the person
inside that woman or man.
“OOoh I wil never date party girls because they so..”
They see party girls, but I see a woman who has other feelings, other dimensions
and it only needs a person to get to know her, to see she does feel lonely
sometimes, she does feel hurt that no one understands her or someone thinks she
talks too much and being fun all time, and she wish someone just understands

this is her way to forget, her way to feel happy, her way to focus in then moment,
then present of her life.
Same for extrovert guys too.
Especially if they are very warm, empathetic, loving as not all extroverts are that
but the ones I know are, and it can eﬀect them deeply and sadden them.
But for me, it doesn’t bother me to that deep level.
My loves as an example use to worry about ﬂying oﬀ on holiday with friends but I
like it as it gives me time alone for myself.
I like my solitude. I like silence.
I like to be alone sometimes for weeks and months on end, painting, writing,
producing and sometimes I can be in my world, passionate, obsessed with
knowledge, designing, writhing, painting, learning new techniques, creating…
crea8ing…and creating some more.
But I also like to travel a lot and I do when I got time to do it. I am even a
challenge to the extrovert on many things but I do things diﬀerently.
For example, they like to do activities with other people. I like to have one to one
coach for thai boxing.
They like to be in the gym and with people.
I like to go to go to the gym when fairly empty so it’s either very early in the
morning or late in evening.
If you’re an introvert then this understanding for you is crucial because you
may wonder how come you want to train but you don’t go to the gym, even
when the ﬁre is in you?
How come you like to learn something but you don’t go even though you know you
want to do this?
It is because you are choosing the approach/method.
If I had big money in the millions, I’d open a gym for introverts only and it be
very diﬀerent in that there will be many large rooms which will have all the
equipment. They will learn from a private coach. One to one and only the coach
and the individual will be in that room.
So each room with full set of equipment, weights, changing room, is for that
person who hires it for that time.
Same with restaurants.
It be designed for the introverts, not to be disturbed, order digital while sitting on
a table, closed oﬀ from everyone else, and they have their own designated
service/waiter.
Same when it comes to other sports and learning other things.
So if you’re struggling on learning something, change how you do it, the
approach, the method because it maybe that’s what’s holding you back.
Extroverts can be lonely creatures as well and you see that if you date and in
relationship with extroverts.
If I can put it in a some way I’d say it this way..
‘You can be in a crowded room of even friends and still be feel deeply lonely.’

You’d never know that from an extrovert if you don’t pay close attention and been
in relationship with them to be so open to show you this side of them too.
So while you want others to understand and appreciate you, try to also
understand and appreciate them and their world, their method and you begin to
see it all makes sense - even with how you live and think in the social world.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

My current BF told me he "secretly wishes" to get the blessing of
his ex (they dated for 8 years) for me from her. I am appalled.
Should I be upset, and how should I have reacted?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you want a man or a child?
He cannot even make his own decisions and to see what he said is damaging to
the existing relationship in.
Forget if he is still kissing his ex’s ass and got her on a pedestal which he has, but
rather, look at his immature behaviour. Look at his mindset and how in this
situation he is useless at even understanding the dynamics of the relationship to
even say that to you.
You got a child there not a man, who is passive aggressive, still trying to win the
ex’s heart, and playing games between you and her. He see’s her like a mother,
trying to win her aﬀection, to impress her and even probably doing it to get her
back.
This is a big red ﬂag.
Life has given you feed back, so don’t ignore it.
Find a man who has the sense, maturity and understanding that he is now in a
relationship and he doesn’t ask his ex for permission for anything.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my abusive ex boyfriend keeps showing up
unannounced at my house? He also waits in his car on my block
at 1 a.m. until he sees me come out of my house. I broke up with
him 2 months ago.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Report him to police and ﬁle a complaint, restraining order
2. Make sure you document the time he appears, registration plate of his
car he’s using and behaviour.
3. Take photos and ﬁlm it discreetly. Record but do it smart, hidden.
4. If he still does it after all this - report again, always to the police. It’s
evidence he has been reported many a times and paints a story about his
abusive behaviour.
5. Don’t wait until it escalates further. It’s already gone too far.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alexis Edwards

What's the ﬁrst thing ladies notice when they meet a guy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They notice…

Their measuring ruler in their head and their own insecurities ;)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why would an ex-boyfriend block me on FB even though I
unfriended him just prior? What's the point?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same point, that got you here, after you unfriend him and wrote this
question.
To tear down your pedestal and he has.
That’s the point.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I say when girl asks me, “Why do you love me?”
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do you say if a girl asks you, “Why do you love me”

Why do you love me
Me - Why do you ask?
First ﬁnd out why she is even asking this question to see the root cause of it. Now
you get to know why and her love language.
You get to ﬁnd out what is really important to her and you can do same with
sharing what is your love language too, and work it together.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys really want from a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When he looks at her, she reminds him of himself.
She is fun, playful, accepts him for who he is, and that all is possible with her,
including every sexual kinky fantasy he can imagine in his head without her
judging him…
Because the world already judges him and mistrusts him as a predator, a player, a
bad boy, a creep, not a real man, not this man, not that man, not prince charming
etc…
And the day a woman shows any sign she is like the Masculine world - competing
with him instead of being one with him,showing any hint of mistrust, suspicion,
switches back and forth even just once…
Then to the man who is of conﬁdence, who knows the lines and parameters of his
own self worth and integrity…he has seen the day has come in which the
attractiveness and beauty he saw in her fades away and all he sees now in her is
the world - the competitor, the aggressor, the enemy.
He now cannot see the future is with her and treats her then as he does with the
world of competition. As opponent and moves on. He will still love her but he will
be angry with himself for not seeing it sooner or due to failure of what started as
an amazing connection to see is a mirror of the world he wants to escape from…
even a while.
He has come to a realisation that he can never be himself with her, that she never
really trusted him, she never really accepted him and so he does not feel safe with

her.
He pulls back very fast when he realised this, puts his guard up, like the way he
does in the Masculine world of competition,. judging and suspicion. He moves on
and far away from her.
And so as one poet wrote…
“I hope you are not the one who reminds me of the world but helps me forget it.
When I shower you with compliments you believe me and you do not throw them
back at me like I am a liar or your insecurities get the better of you. Believe then in
my words and most of all, believe them to be trust I give as it is not easy to
compliment in a world that thinks these words are easy.
I hope that with you, I am reminded all is possible and even all I imagine when we
make love. Where I can at least dream of those greater dreams even if it may seem
tired of dreaming of the impossible. Your words wrap around me like satin silk,
warm with luxury which no world can aﬀord and your voice, your ﬂesh, your touch
makes me lower my guard to be myself.
Nor do you withhold aﬀection from me, suspicious of me to have to compete with you
and your own beliefs and judgment about me. Nor do you let the world in and be
inﬂuenced by those around you to colour me with labels of darkness when I already
come from the world that judges and is suspicious, and it looks down rather than
lifting a human being up.
Where I can be fun, playful, open with you and jest with you without you rebuking
me of how my expectations of you are too great and becoming haunty with me but
smart to know we are being playful, fun and free like once when we were in the
vineyard of our youthful gardens. That we can be whatever we desire to be and
dream larger than life together.
Where I can be naked, bare all of what I feel, what I fear, what I desire and what
pushes me way - and where you do not shed tear of what I have shared but rejoice in
my openness with you so that I can continue to be open and know you are strong
enough to learn of what I feel.
Where I can become wild, free and unison with your spirit and you with mine. That
I am not trapped but feel freedom like the morning fresh air as rays of sun light
shines on my face. Where I can ﬁnally be…myself.”
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

There’s a guy I like very much. We had three dates. Tomorrow,
I’m going to his place. Should we have sex, or should I ask him
to wait?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wow.
So you would let society dictate who you are, what you want, when you’re ready
to have sex?
Did you also want society to dictate who to date as well?
So all that talk it’s your body, is all bullshit. Now it’s everyone else in society who
owns your body so you ask them how you behave with your body?
Get real with how you feel.
There are no rules on when to have sex. It’s how you feel comfortable and also,
forget thinking your can control expectations and outcomes.

Think what you want and forget what everyone else thinks who is out of this
relationship. Do you consent and does he?
As long you desire and he does as well, that’s what matters. Leave the world
outside of your dating, sex and relationships.
People are diﬀerent. They’ll say what their reality is, their beliefe is, their
negative experience or positive, their religious, or cultural beliefs, their level of
mindset.
So where is your belief, your values, what you feel and think?
1. Do you feel comfortable with guy to have sex with him?
2. Does he feel comfortable to want to have sex with you?
3. Do you consent to it and does he?
Make it clear and don’t be ambiguous.
If you don’t want to, say no, don’t. If you do, say yes, ﬂirt with him, say you want
to and see if he does.
That’s all you need to know, not what society tells you when. You dictate your
own rules, own choice, no one else do.
That’s what matters. Not what society thinks. Not what your friends think. Not
what mainstream media thinks and other women, and men think.
What you think, feel and also consent both ways.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

A guy used to stare at me for almost a year when I went to his
workplace but now I don’t see him anymore and I like him.
What can I do? How do I ﬁnd out about him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You had one year.
Now he’s gone, he’s a challenge for you and so you now you like him only because
it’s a challenge not because of the man.
Nothing you can do.
You cannot ask company for his details so..
The ship has sailed.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do all the girls like the jerks and won't even look at me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s to look at?
What’s so attractive about a guy who feels insecure about himself and doesn’t
know how to attract women, and blames his lack of knowing on other guys, and
calls other guys jerks?
Nothing attractive about it at all for women.
I mean, do you see conﬁdent guys whine about why nice guys get women?
You don’t.
Have you ever seen a Bad Boy here bitch about..

“Why do Nice Guys get the Girl and Bad Boy’s don’t?”
“Why do Nice Guys, Gentleman, attract women and us Bad Boys don’t?
“Why do Girls always date the Good Guy and Not us Bad Boys/Jerks?”
Of course not.
They learn to get better at it and they see the world for what it is, not for what
they want it to be and they ﬁnd a way to make it happen.
There are many guys who complain about how they can’t get women to date
them. In the millions.
Many who think they are entitled and all because they say they are nice, good and
always they make this “nice” and “good” and “gentleman” as the attraction.
Nice?
Fuck them all.
They are not nice.
You think calling other guys Jerks, nice?
You think feeling entitled to date a woman is gentleman?
Screw the gentleman and nice crap.
Such men are plenty, in abundance and whining about what they haven’t got,
can’t get and why oh why life is hard and shit for them.
But a guy who got balls, a guy who does not supplicate to women, a guy who
doesn’t give a damn if someone accepts him or not, a guy who does not fear if he
approaches and a woman gets oﬀended and ra ra’s at him, he’ll smile and walk oﬀ
and keep going until he learns how to do it better.
He will keep going until he gets better at it, ﬁltering, screening out tons of
women, many to ﬁnd he gets dates.
He will do what so many fear because he knows, it will make him stronger, he will
learn what so many will never learn. He will be at the edge of it all and any
woman can say shit about a Bad Boy but they have fucked and rode his dick
before they ever got married to some “nice guy.”
You only have to look at how many women also complain about the Bad Boy, who
they couldn’t change, couldn’t ﬁx no matter how hard they tried. He wa so bad,
he was this, he was that, like they didn’t know in he ﬁrst place when they did.
Nice guys are not direct. The women who complain about Jerks and Bad Boys ave
not met them, They don’t know the diﬀerent. The Bad Boy, The Jerk says it
directly who he is.
Nice guys pretend to be Bad Boys but act ambigious. Cowards. Play hard to get.
You think Bad Boys got time for that stupidity?
Of course not.
They bitch about teh Bad Boy because he was direct with them but what they saw
was a challenge. They realised no matter who these women are, these guys will
not change for them and they all knew what he is, what he desires and they went
for him for that reason - challenge.
He’;s far more direct then they’ll ever be so they him coming a mile oﬀ.
He’s the guy if a woman says “player, bad boy, blah blah” or even a hint, of playing
hard to get, he’ll laugh and move on. He won’t play. He doesn’t need to because

like women who pretend they don’t have options of other guys texting them, he
has a lot of options too.
They go for him for a reason.
They knew, they can be that bad girl for a while, they can do whatever they
desired, they knew he would lead it, they knew they can say the things to him
they would dare not say to anyone else and even to the men they later settle for in
marriage or whatever relationship they settle in because you cannot control this
man, you cannot scare him, they cannot say “choose this or I will leave,” because
he will say, “leave then.”
He won’t be doormat for anyone.
He will take the heat, take the knocks with knowing he’s getting better.
He will not quit for anything and not because of women and pussy, but because
he wants to get stronger, he wants to know how to, he is curious how it all works
and he no matter what women says…loves women…but many want to ﬁx him,
change him when that is not him.
You won’t believe how direct Bad Boys are.
They are blatantly direct. In your face. In heir personality, dress wise, walk and
behaviour.
That’s their trade mark. That’s their way of doing things. They want any woman
or guy, or friend who wants to play games, to get the hell out of their way because
they are not interested in that petty pathetic world.
They got their own world and own rules, own terms.
They have to be to ensure the woman cannot ever say she didn’t want him, didn’t
want to fuck him, didn’t want what she experienced.
They are smart. Well ahead of majority.
They make consent look like nothing. Like everyone else was way behind because
in all they say and do, they expect a woman to speak, say she wants to be fucked,
behave in a ﬂirty manner and show it or bye, bye.
These guys don’t mess around acting covert.
They know the game very well that’s played in society.
So they cannot be ambiguous with him, cannot do the games they do to all the
other men, cannot be princess like, treat him like a doormat with his vast
experiences and understanding of his own self worth.
That’s what dreams are made of.
Conﬁdence, secure in oneself and massive action, with mindset of learning rather
than whining and thinks he is entitled. To blaze your path even if it meas you
leave the pack to go the way you want to ﬂow and not controlled by the pack
called social groups.
He knows, whatever he wants, he has to earn it, building his knowledge, skill,
resources, his style and look, and how he behaves. All built and created by him.
He follows no one. He is part of no one’s tribe.
When he learns it and does it, and overcomes whatever, and ﬂips his averages, his
ﬂaws shine like diamonds.
That’s when women see, if he can do that, attract women, and resources in his life
- AND - if he can walk away from her hot pussy and ass if she behaves in a manner
he doesn’t like….then he’s a man who has balls, that whenever challenges come,

he’ll ﬁght and win hands down, and not crumble. He will not compromise even
for women!
Hell will freeze over before he ever does that.
And she can chant about Toxic Masculinity.
He’ll tell he to go and fuck herself. He knows the deal in the real world and the
games being played on both sides, and he is on no ones side.
That is why they go for him.
He’s a challenge.
They think their ass, pussy, tits is going to charm him to be passive, supplicate
but he shows they got no chance in hell because he’s not like those guys they’ve
tried all those tricks on. He’s not going to compromise his freedom, his idea of
how he will life his life.
He gives them a chance but if they behave in a certain way, well, he will shut the
door on them and forget about moralit, and decency. He does not give a damn
about that because they didn’t so with him.
No explanations. The door is closed forever on them.
Nice guys, back and forth with ex;s and some eve after a year they are still pining
over their ex’s and will run to her if she texts them a year later…after…she has had
her fun.
For all the talk about Bad Boys and how bad they are…lot of women date them
and you know very well why.
They got the conﬁdence.
They are fun. Exciting, cocky but fun.
They faced rejection more than most guys.
They don’t promise they will leave their goals, dreams behind for a woman.
He knows how to dress, how to talk, how to ﬂow naturally because he’s done it
hundreds of times and more than you can imagine.
They got an opinion of their own.
If he doesn’t agree with her, he will say so. He’s not passive aggressive and he sure
isn’t going to walk on eggshells.
Just look at the shit they got to face with other men.
They are direct for starters, so a woman can’t say “OOoh I didn’t know.”
So these guys stand out more than anyone else, and their behaviour does that,
their ﬂirty ways, the words they use and so it should be very diﬃcult for women
to even want to date them.
After all, their behaviour, words, ﬂirtatious ways is sexual and so a woman would
see them a mile oﬀ and it be far diﬃcult then for these Bad Boys compared to a
nice guy who is afraid to even utter the word “sex” or “cute” or “sexy” to a woman.
So instantly the woman would run, away from these guys, right?
Instantly all women will run, hide, not even bother because they see the Bad Boy
coming a mile oﬀ. In fact in the ﬁrst sentence and she’ll be stupid enough to act
like she’s a princess and calls him..
“Creep.”

She just showed him, she is lower in status than he is because he owns his
sexuality, he says it, speaks it, doesn’t act ambiguous about it.
It be harder for the Bad Boy and so easy then for the Nice guy to just walk in,
approach, talk to women and walla!
The Bad Boys, The so called Jerks get so much stick from everyone so it should be
easier for the good, nice, kind, awwww amazing personality of a man who is a
gentlemen.
Forget women. Look at the crap they got to face from white pussy ass knight and
many men. All talking shit about them. Look at what they got to take from society
every damn day.
Women blaming them for opening their legs to Bad Boys.
Men blaming them for women dating and having sex with them and being in
relationship with them,
Movies doing the dirt on them.
Magazines and books as well.
Websites and blogs saying you cannot trust a lover, cannot sustain relationship
with a bad boy, cannot and will never happen.
They get hit from every corner and angle you can imagine but you don’t see them
complaining about it.
It hasn’t made a dent to these guys to attract tons of women and hot women to
them. It doesn’t matter if some women say they won’t. Many are and many will.
It’s called supply to the demand and these guys are in demand.
It should be so easy for the nice, good, kind, personality buzzing type of guy to
attract women with all that bad, negative publicity about Bad Boys and Jerks, and
players.
But guess what?
They have abundance of women desiring them and these women will even ﬂy
from their country to meet the Bad Boy.
The women only have to look at the options they got where they are at.
Not much of an option huh?
Whiny men, complaining why women won’t date them, have sex with him, blah
blah blah.
It’s not attractive for many women to hear and see that.
It’s like some kid crying over why he didn’t get a toy on xmas and birthday. It’s
like some girls at school and college, sulking because they didn’t get ﬂowers,
chocolates, cards on valentines day.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

This girl said she likes to get “pounded in bed”, what does that
mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you are no way at her level when it comes to sex awareness, it’s lingo and
also how she’s hinting to you to get on with it and bloody well ask her out. How
clear has to be with you.
What you want?

For her to drop her panties to tell you.
Ask her out already and then see if she means she likes to with you.
Or she just feels comfortable talking about it with you. Maybe she’s seeing if she
can trust you.
Or she’s just talking about how she likes rough sex but not with you. Probably not,
because you’re passive aggressive and have limited idea on what the heck she’s
talking about.
Forget reading her mind and what it means.
Just ask her out and see what happens from there. It can mean a million things
but one thing for sure, you’re passive to just lead and ask her out.
9.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jordan Lavallee

Why did he respond with, “good, you should”, when I told him I
will have my guard up now?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That you will get treated the same way you do to him.
Play hard to get, so will he.
Play like you don’t care, no problem, so will he.
Act like you don’t feel anything, so will he.
Behave like you are not attracted to him, so will he.
Act tough, so wll he.
But keep doing it, act like you don’t care, pull back, hide, be shy, or awkard, and
not try…make it hard for him…he’ll move on because there’s a limit and a short
window of attraction and escalation.
That’s why he responded to you in that way. To let your know, you should be on
guard because he is so with you.
You treat someone and say something like that then don’t be surprised you get
the same treatment back.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad to text a girl saying you wanted to kiss her on the ﬁrst
date but missed the chance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re going to make her feel awkward.
Some might say, ‘yes, say it, be open.’
This is not sexual tension you’re doing and it’s not being open. You do the open
face to face because you’re not in long distance but local. So you can meet again
fast not months or a year later.
This is going creating awkwardness.
It is best for you to say whatever on this matter face to face. Don’t do this by text
because then you create awkwardness.
Instead use text for fun, leave a good feeling, no pressure text. Just text her how
you had a great time. Keep it light hearted and use this moment to lead to meet
her again.

Focus on her seeing you again and again, so you and her are comfortable, and be
able to talk face to face. You’re local, not long distance so there’s no excuse for you
to say that by text when you can face to face.
Keep it positive and fun, exciting and no pressure.
Use your time wisely and the leverage - use the next text to lead to another date.
You can say that face to face when you meet her.
2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend’s ex won’t stop staring at her in class and trying to
talk to her, and she doesn’t like it. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Quick!
Find your White Knight Body Armour! Get on your stallion horse! Ride through
the cities and get to the place to where the lady of the lake is.
She’ll throw you a sword that King Arthur used or she might say to pull it out
from the stone. If you pull it from that stone, don’t worry if you hear angelic
voices and ray of light from the sky with a deep voice that says..
“Go forth Knight! Save your weak. pathetic, princess from the ogres and monsters!”
Then…
You wake up from your fantasy.
Then leave it alone for your girlfriend to report him.
You do nothing if you don’t want some guy to press assault charges on you
except…relax, listen to how she feels.
Because for all you know, she is just a woman sharing how she feels, and she
doesn’t want solutions. She just wants to share her day and craziness of what has
happened.
She just wants you to listen, let her get that stress our of her mind, then let her
know how it must have been diﬃcult for her in class and how amazing she is to be
strong and then hold, and make her feel special and protected in that way.
Listen more to her feelings and forget your logic mind for a moment in trying to
ﬁx and solve when all she wants is for you to..just…hear her out, listen and show
you empathise with her situation not..solve it.
It’s like a woman coming home from work as her man does, and she tells him the
shit storm at work, and guys acting shit, blah blah manager is this and said that;
and some women talking behind her back…
But you don’t go oﬀ giving solutions, but listen…listen…listen…and she’ll feel
great she got a strong man who can listen to her stress she felt.
And then he hugs her and probably they kiss, and cuddle and maybe have sex
and get even closer together and bond deeper.
You would not believe how relaxing it is for women to just talk and talk, and talk
and knowing her man is not going to give her solutions but listen to her. Then
she’ll ﬁnish, feel better about herself, more relaxed, got all that she bottled inside
her out.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my ex-boyfriend block me on Facebook after I
already unfriended him? What's the point?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 23, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have now received the message loud and clear, whether you
unfriended/blocked before the break up or after…
“Fair enough. You want to unfriend/block me, I understand clearly, you don’t trust
me even in the fake ass social media world, no matter what your reasons be. Action
speaks louder than words. You choose my name. You by intent clicked on it. You
unfriended/blocked intentionally. If I am not good enough in the fake social online
world, I am not good enough in your real world too. I don’t want to see your photos
then, your life anymore in my world either. Have a nice life.”
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

When a man says that he's doing good, what does it mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 26, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means,
1. The person asked a boring question
2. The person hasn’t got a clue how to ﬂirt with the man
3. The person is a fearing rejection so they do that shit small talk
4. The person does not know how to emotionally stimulate a guy
5. So ask a non stimulating safe boring question, you get a boring answer
6. The person is looking for hints, signals because they fear rejection
7. The person is practicing the art of reading a guy’s mind ;)
Someone = So how are you?
Me - Good
Me - Cya later
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my ex-boyfriend saying that he has a new girlfriend, but
has no proof? His proﬁle picture hasn't changed or anything.
Someone explain it to me.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because he has nothing to prove to you.
You had your chance. You had the time to seduce the fuck out of him. You had the
chance to show how the future with you will be so amazing, incredible than with
anyone else.
That it be exciting, it be fun, it be where you to him is freedom and he’ll feel like a
king, a master of his own kingdom; he’ll know he feels this way because of you as
well.
You had the great opportunity to do whatever it takes to do so. You had it all
there, at your grasp.
You had your moment, to do whatever you got to do, say whatever you got to do,
to turn his world upside down, fuck him side ways and in every position, turn
him on so crazy, like your a goddess whenever he met you or spoke to you, or text
you. That you knew exactly what makes him tick because you spent time asking
tons of questions about him, what turns him on, what he disikles, what he hates,

what he adores, what he wants to feel and what he doesn’t to do whatever you can
so he feels..
“She gets me more than any woman does. She is diﬀerent than the rest of the
judgmental fucks out there.”
That time is over.
Now it is none of your business and anyone else, on who he dates, who he fucks,
how many women he has sex with and he doesn’t need to prove a damn thing to
anyone else including you.
Move on.
You had your chance and blew it, no matter who broke up with who ﬁrst, if it
ended positive or not.
Move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

The guy I "fooled around with" thinks I am not a virgin because
apparently I was too "skilled". What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters, do away with “fooled around with,” like you wasn’t into him when
you was. Own this and don’t be ashamed, acting like it’s no big deal being
attracted to someone else because it is.
Nothing shame about it to discard it like it was nothing. It’s not nothing. It’s
something you should own it and head up high.
Second, if he is calling you unskilled, then it is also a reﬂection on him.
What you need to realise, is he’s immature and he cannot be trusted for even the
most intimate beautiful experience you had together.
For any man and woman to say that to anyone, to be so close to someone, so
intimate, skin to skin, and talk shit like that, they are not worth your day.
You opened up to him.
You showed vulnerability which to me is courageous and beautiful thing to have
and give. It’s not easy to be open to another human in such an intimate ﬂesh to
ﬂesh way.
You showed trust and he threw that trust right back on your face.
So now, do not trust him, shut that door tight and never be intimate with him
ever again. He has shown what type of man he is. That he has a lot of growing to
do, he’s immature, cannot be trusted.
You cannot trust someone who doesn’t trust you.
Moment someone says they don’t trust or didn’t trust, well, it was there from the
beginning, they were judgmental all the way, they were always looking for
something to self sabotage it.
Instead of being honest to say he’s moving on, he talks shit like that.
Move on.
There are guys out there who will treat you far better than this.
Remove clutter in your life, to make room for men who are mature, who desire to
grow with you. He doesn’t and never did want to grow with you.

His loss not yours.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

So I messaged this guy on Snapchat and then he unfriendled
me and blocked me oﬀ Instagram. He said we were cool. What
did I do wrong?
Adam Taha, I use social media
Answered Feb 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing.
He’s just not into you in that way.
And what people say and how they behave is a diﬀerent ball game altogether.
Don’t see what he says but what he does.
What he has done shows it very clear.
It’s like facebook…
The person doesn’t just accidental blocks you.
They have made a decision.
They choose your name.
They clicked on it.
They blocked.
When for an example a woman does that or man and you’re in relationship with
them, they have shown one thing - they have changed the dynamics, they don’t
trust you. Something is not right and all their sweet talk now and thinking you
don’t see them do that has changed everything.
Instead of questioning what they say, always looks at their behaviour. That’s all
you need to look at.
When they behave that way, they have shown their intent and they can say
whatever but it’s all bullshit.
The reality is, their action speaks for it self.
Their action reveals that..
1. They don’t trust you
2. Or they got scared and don’t trust as they used to
3. They got inﬂuenced by someone else, friends etc.
4. They are interested in someone else or more than one person and so they
are behaving in an aloof fashion or like they are not that bothered.
5. Or they are not into you in that way
For you, it’s not an already existing romantic and sexual relationship, so it’s not
that he doesn’t trust you but he’s not into you in that way and sent a clear
message by blocking you.
It can also mean, he has had many girls do that and they messed him around and
so he’s not going to fall for any of that anymore, even if you just wanted to say hi.
Cool or not, his actions speaks for itself.
So don’t bother with him. Don’t give him attention and just be busy doing your
own thing. You did nothing whatsoever wrong.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I take my ex back? She cheated on me for months and
we broke up after I found out. We haven't spoken for a year then
she hits me up yesterday and we plan to meet tomorrow for a
drink. I miss her. But I am also interested in someone else.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t get you guys.
You break up, she’s an ex, cheated on you and you’re still asking what to do
because she poked you to get a response - a year later.
“Oooh let’s see if he has moved on or not.”
“let’s see how valuable he is or desperate.”
“Let’s see if he is still same, to cheat on him.”
“oooh I had my fun now, so I need a sad ass provider.”
Any guy who isn’t thinking just with his dick and would have moved on and
already be dating someone.
So really, you don’t have much respect for yourself. You still kept in touch with
her for a year, back and forth while she cheated on you, and so she knows she can
do whatever to you and you’ll still be pals.
You don’t miss her.
You miss the idea of her.
You miss the emotions, the feelings because any guy who got options and
integrity would have not spent a year still bouncing messages back and forth
in….hope…for her to come back.
You really haven’t moved on.
Many guys say “why do nice guys get treated like shit?”
This is why.
Bad boys will have told her to fuck oﬀ and blocked her and moved on. Nice guy
will continue supplicating to the woman who cheated on him due to their own
low self worth and never move on.
Bad Boys have far more respect for themselves and even the woman, to walk the
hell a way. If a woman cheated on that kind of guy, she’d never get another
chance.
If a woman is self sabotaging the relationship, if she is being insecure, if she starts
doing things to show mistrust in the Bad Boy, he be so aware, like an eagle, see
her behaviour, her actions more than her words and moved on.
He won’t even bother explaining because he know she knows exactly what she is
doing. He’s not naive but fully aware what games most play.
I’m all for people giving chances to ex’s, dating back and so on.
Sure, it’s wonderful to come back together but when you know she’s cheated on
you, done the dirt on you, you have to ask yourself, what kind of a man would
even bother with a woman who does that?
Man who has no options.
Man who never moved on.
A man who believes he cannot do better and that he will always forever be alone
if he doesn’t get her back which is nonsense.

If you attracted one girl, you can do so again and again with other women. If it
happened once, it can happen again but so many guy’s forget that and they don’t
do enough to move on, get a social life.
They even lose their social life when dating someone when that is your resource,
that is your social life. They even leave their goals and dreams for women.
Man who sees a woman for her tits, ass and pussy rather for more respect and so
she will do all these and she will never grow with that kind of man. She will
always have secrets because she knows she cannot unlock them with such a man.
Her sexual fantasies, to her links and all the rest will still be hidden inside her
because he’s not that man who has shown she can.
He from day one supplicated to her, fearing of losing her and was never himself
from the very beginning. He change everything for her and even his goals,
dreams and hidden his own desires.
She would not respect that kind of man and she would probably always have
doubts, that if he can still be there for her after she did the dirt on him, cheated
on him….he probably always will be there as a standby, due to him being
someone who doesn’t see her as anything but body and shell.
Focus on the “someone else” and move on.
In fact, don’t focus on someone else.
Block your ex, learn to be alone for a while and get your shit together. You are not
ready to date someone else. You shouldn’t even bother when you haven’t moved
on.
You need 2 years of self development, sorting your own boundaries, own integrity
level and own self respect.
Right now, you don’t realise, you are misleading someone else as well who doesn’t
know you is still pining over your ex.
You are giving the other girl, the “someone else” hope that there is attraction just
with her and no one else. She doesn’t know you is back and forth communicating
with your ex, with this hope of getting back with the ex.
It’s not rocket science.
Or do you like being treated like a doormat, letting a woman know who cheated
on you, that you’re worthless, have no option and desperate to take her back?
Move on.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

In what ways do girls "Run the World"?

 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmMU_iwe6U&amp;amp;feature=youtu.be
Adam Taha, I hear a lot about feminism when drinking tea at the cafe
Answered Feb 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only in slogans, comics, novels, movies and feel good songs that got a hook to
make you dance, but has no bearing at all for what is really happening in the real
world.
It’s like Beatles song..
“Love is all you need.”
Love was not enough to keep them together after John Lennon was shot.
Or MJ of Jackson ﬁve.

It’s business. It’s money.
It’s marketing for her record label that signs up women artist to make a lot of
money because she knows women will buy it in the bucket loads.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I even bother trying to get a girlfriend. Given that I have
no relationship experiance of any kind, take a long time to trust
people for many reasons, have pessimistic views and am not
good looking at all. Is it worth all the trouble and risk?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let’s ﬂip the question to…
Should I forget studying and going to college, to later apply for jobs because I
have no work experience at all, take a long time to trust companies for many
reasons and one is because they can ﬁre you just like that, pessimistic views and
not good looking.
Is it worth all the risk and trouble?
No. Not for the companies. Just don’t bother at all.
Same with dating. Don’t trouble girls at all. It be a waste of time as you’re like set
to not want to grow and get better at certain skills or be open minded about
views, and learn to be sociable.
So yes, don’t bother.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I always ﬁnd guys that just want me for one thing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. You go for the looks - appearance
2. You go for the looks - what it looks to others who you’re dating
3. You go for the looks - the status.
Because you’re head is ﬁlled with a game, a story to prove something that guys go
for one thing and hence your predictable outcome.
Patterns come from somewhere and from something.
That something is feeling.
The pattern is insecurity about something.
You do it to feel some emotional stimulus, that makes you feel special,
important….”good looking” to cover up your own insecurities about your own
perception about self.
So you go and do for one thing yourself - to be validated, approved/accepted by a
certain type of guys who have a certain type of look/appeal.
Like attract like.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why doesn’t my boyfriend engage in deep conversations with
me? Even if I try to engage him, he gives curt answers. This
makes him feel unpredictable to me.

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be careful what you wish for.
Many ask for that and when such a person comes along, they ﬁnd they are not
that great with deep conversations themselves.
So if you want someone like that, then be someone like that, go to places where
someone like that is at and…choose someone for that as well.
Because let’s face it…
He wasn’t a problem talking like that when you met him, and heart pounding,
feeling the throbbing and pulsating, to date the guy.
But now it’s a problem.
Honeymoon period is over and now going for looks feels like a truck slamming at
you.
That’s what dating is about.
You check out compatibility, see if someone can converse in way you want and is
like that, check values etc… rather than doing what most women and men do ﬁxing and changing the person.
Don’t ﬁx. Don’t change the guy.
Go for a guy who has that than the…looks.
Oh by the way, when you date someone for a while, no matter who, they become
predictable and so do you.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Can you write an answer with no words?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Question can be “what’s one of the things made you or someone you know sad when
you/they had to leave home to study abroad”
I’d answer it like this if I couldn’t use words…

1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I really miss my ex, but he moved to another town, and says he's
done dating for now. Should I still tell him I miss him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s nothing wrong with saying how you feel for someone but if you’re going
to say it to get something back, like validation such as winning him back, best
not.
If you do contact him, do yourself a favour…
Avoid ever saying to your ex..
“I’m not saying it because I want you back as I don’t love you anymore.”
Because he’ll believe what you say. In our world of men, what we say means what
we say and so we’ll take what someone says as how they really feel or want.
Like we don’t see No as a Yes.
Many of smart men say no as no. Many see you say “I don’t want you,” as “I don’t
want you.”
So of you say “I am not saying I want you back and don’t love you anymore,” then
he will take it exactly like that. Don’t expect then friendly reply or any reply when
doing that.
So be careful that you say something you regret later and just keep it light
hearted.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kayli Newby

How do I let go of my ex boyfriend who broke up with me after I
asked for some space until I was able to process and forgive
myself for having sex with him on my ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not going to be a popular opinion.
You need therapy because you’re making your ex as some excuse for story in your
head about sex. The shame you feel has nothing to do with your ex and having
sex on ﬁrst date.
What you’re saying can be interpreted that:
1. He forced you
2. you was pressured into sex
3. You was sexually assaulted.
That’s how he’s going to feel.
You got Transactional game going on.
There are diﬀerent types of transactional games people play out which includes
the sex games, which also focuse on a gender, which has a role that was designed
way back due to trauma.
It is reinforced by behaviour and so the script in your head gets stronger.
One of these games is called the Disgusted Physically.
See this study and paper
“Partners can get disgusted with each other when one has physically “let himself or
herself go” but some how does not expect it to be noticed or signiﬁcant.

Refusing to talk about the real underlining issue makes it worse.
Accusations can lead to new barriers of shame and disgust.
Singles who have a strong physical preference “type” may never connect at all and
never say why. Some may have been taught that sex was disgusting. Added or lost
weight can become an issue.”
Motivation for the Transactional Game
Berne (1964), includes biological stroking, advancing the script, getting the
payoﬀ, time structuring, and so on. There are also six hungers that can motivate
games. (Berne, 1970, pp. 210 211)
And also in the paper called Sex Games People play (Intimacy blocks, Games and
script) by Stephen B. Karpman you’ll be able to read more...
You can ﬁnd the paper here…
But for now you’ll discover what motivates these transactional sex games
brieﬂy:
For Stimulus
For Recognition
For seeking validation, approval, craving for acceptance
For Contact.
Sexual, Structure Games can be played at increasing levels of hardness as
ﬁrst degree (socially acceptable), second degree (socially embarrassing),
and third degree games (destructive).
These can all be worked on in therapy.
There is also what is called the Loser Loop Sex Game
Resentment of not getting what one has desired and the person roles plays the
victim, and in indirect way, acts disgusted with themselves and blames the other
person because they believe they themselves were…
Too eager
Too fast
Too early
Thinking sex has some time, a place, routine, a ritual, moral a payoﬀ of some kind
of validation to feel special - which all comes from social conditioning and
cultural programing but the deeper issue is covered up.
The games, the role, the meaning behind this game was already designed in the
mind of the person before they ever set eyes on their partner or date; who either
dumps the person or the person who is disgusted will act the behaviour further to
make the other person feel shit and so their partner dumps them.
No one sees the behaviour of this person but outside they will show the world
they are victims. No one sees the games, words, how they make the other person
feel and so it is easy for relatives, for friends to take side instead of realising there
is transactional game even happening with them, to get strokes - attention.
No one sees the lack of trust already existed and you can see that easily when for
example people write about answers like..
“What do you want to say to your ex.”
One answer roughly states way in the beginning..

“I always knew from the very beginning something about you was nasty.”
Hence, self sabotage because this person had a game going on already and they
were holding back, they were doing things, saying things for strokes, validation to
such the other person felt something to not want to have anymore to do with that
individual.
If tere’s no trust, there is no relationship.
Therefore, in that woman’s mind she already judged that guy, as a player, that he
has some game, that he’s like some ex she once dated, that he’s like the guys her
toxic friends fucked.
If you don’t trust someone, don’t bother dating them. If you think they are nasty
piece of work, don’t date them.
Why even bother if right at the beginning..
“I always knew from the very beginning something about you was nasty.”
Each player has a Persecutor, Rescuer, and Victim motivation, overt or
covert, simultaneously in action during each game that is played.
Each motivation will be present with at least 10% participation in each role, some
hidden, in these following…
There is the Relationship motivations (Social Level) (each person wanted
to dump stamps and prove his or her point)
Personal motivations (Psychological Level) (each person wanted to
escape his or her guilt for causing a feel bad situation)
Childhood motivations (Script Level) (each person had early issues with
closeness and needed his or her script decision reinforced).
Read this book, because the script you running in your head is in this book and
you’ll learn other scripts as well and the root cause…

This has nothing to do with letting go of your ex because you already designed
the story, the predictable outcome, the victim role and the game way before you
ever met your ex and had sex.
Get help, See a therapist.
5 Views · View Upvoters

Are you a good writer?

Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Feb 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can say I have become better at writing.
Everyday, I learn something new which then helps me to evaluate my past
writing and I see the reasons what needs to be ironed out or what I missed, or
what particular component and process I need to practice more on and come to a
stronger understanding.
For example, years ago I struggled ﬁnishing my books. I’d start but for some
reason, in middle of the journey I get stuck.
So I wanted to ﬁnd out why and I discovered I needed to work more on the
premise. I discovered that because the premise was not high concept or wasn’t
crafted, it lead to many problems that couldn’t be solved.
If the premise is not done in beginning and in a way that really isn’t lazy, then
what happens is everything else that follows gets screwed up.
There were other challenges, after I solved this part.
The theme is one example.
So through years of writing, unraveling and practicing with a mindset to keep an
open mind to growing and learning; I’ve become my opinion a better writer from
let’s say, the previous year.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is "bad guy" still in fashion in dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Conﬁdence, having an opinion, standing up for yourself, being a challenge, not
being doormat, and not craving for approval and acceptance to such you lose
yourself by putting women on pedestals, has never been a fashion.
It’s what a lot of women desire and it’s what a lot of men desire of women too.
Every person who says they are good, have a bad side inside them. The Bad Boy
just embraces it and people either accept it or they don’t, they won’t be
apologising for it.
Conﬁdence is king and has always been so but very misunderstood by the “nice
guy.”
3k Views · View Upvoters

The guy I've been seeing for a month didn't ask to see me on
Valentine's Day and I'm devastated. Does he not feel the same
way as I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Devastated?
You’ve only been dating the guy for a month and not even everyday I hope, as he
has a life and so do you. And yet, you expect the guy to shower you with thoughts
of Valentines?
Now I’d agree with you if I did celebrate this bullshit, if you was dating him for
let’s say a year but a month, you’re expectations are high when you haven’t really
been dating for long. Probably haven’t even been intimate with each other at that
deeper level.

I’d avoid making this a big deal as you don’t know the pressure guys go through
with this invented day, which is big business.
Focus on the real deal, like communicating what you want and ﬁnd out what he
wants, and just relax and take one day at a time.
These things can get so many guys run because you’re like in some race trying to
force some feeling from the guy. If Valentines didn’t exist you’d not feel anything
really and it be something else because you want to feel special.
You cannot expect these things happen if you are not even at the level of intimacy
and depth in a relationship and have this bond where you communicate how you
feel to him.
You know that is so because you are saying this to strangers online and haven’t
even talked to him of your expectations of what you want when dating him.
You’re probably not even exclusive yet.
Take your time when it comes to falling in love. You don’t want to rush that
feeling. Relax, get to know the guy and he gets to know you.
It’s only been a month.
Forget what other women are getting and what you see on social media. Keep
your feet on solid ground.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I let the man I've dated several times know that I've lost
interest in him? Should I tell him straight away or should I drop
signs?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It would be best to just let him know politely that you have enjoyed time with him
but you’re not interested to go further.
Be honest and polite, because I’m sure you know how it feels to be mislead and
someone holding back feelings, like they don’t trust you or you feel something
isn’t right, and it’s a terrible feeling.
So since you know how it feels, I’m sure you don’t want someone else to feel this
way too. You’ll also feel heavy about it yourself and you don’t want to carry that
toxic feeling with you either.
Just give him a call and let him know.
It’s not your responsibility how he takes it, no matter how you say it, it will
probably hurt as rejection for anyone, no matter who or how strong someone is, it
will hard to take. It’s human nature even for the most conﬁdent but the most
conﬁdent won’t show it, they have embraced not everyone is for them and they
are not for everyone.
But you can be honest and polite about it.
It’ll be ﬁne. Just let him know.
I’m sure he’ll appreciate your honesty and compassion. It’s a very rare quality
these days to have empathy.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What are men getting wrong about sexual consent?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Both, most women and men get it wrong.
Most women do the ambiguous covert crap and expect men to decode their
signals and men trying to read it, being passive and not be direct to say…
“I want a YES, or a No.”
You need two people to tango.
Both need to listen and both are not listening to each other. Instead, it’s reading
each others minds.
If someone doesn’t get what you’re saying, then say it loud and clear, instead of
bitching about it later on..
“Oh look, see this message, no one listens to me, men”
No, men cannot read minds, and nit picking on what a man says already shows
lack of trust and even wanting to connect with a guy. It’s lazy communication and
this self entitlement that someone else must understand what’s running in
someone’s mind.
Communication from both sides needs to be clear, direct without ambiguity,
because both, man and woman,looking women for approval, validation and “ooh
he/she doesn’t listen to me, doesn't get it.”
Both need to get it and tell the man/woman what he they don’t get. No subcommunication and he also needs to do the same.
It’s how mature people communicate and listen.
Moment we get men are problem, women is the problem, nothing get solved. It’s
all about “us” and “them.”
This is what all these organisations wanted, to politicians and celebs. It makes
money., It sells tickets. It grows organisations. It creates new laws for some
agenda.
It never solves the problem and instead keep going round in circles.
Both, Men and Woman get it wrong.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I answer when a girl asks, how is my day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - how was your day
You - It depends
Girl - On?
You - if it’s true, you are into me big time (grin)
Girl - I..erm…well…erm…
You - You’re blushing
Girl - I am, well..I…erm…
You - You’re cheeks are getting bright red (grin)
You - Ok, that was fun. It’s been great. Right, cya.

Don’t be boring.
Get her to feel something.
At least she’ll remember you than most of the boring shits who reply back to her
with...

“Oh it’s been blah blah blah.”
13.2k Views · View Upvoters

What did I do to deserve such a good friend as you? I feel so
lucky?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love Bombing has started.
Be careful.
Soon this person will devalue you and act like they don’t trust you. They talk like
this a lot for a while but look…at…their actions.
You’ll ﬁnd their actions if it’s all talk, empty and ﬁlled with excuses.
So be aware, it can be someone love bombing.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Will telling a guy that I wouldn't take him seriously because I
don't think he's good enough for me make him step up or leave?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you say that, be ready, if it’s a conﬁdent guy, to break up with you. I would
break up wth a woman who said that in a heartbeat. You never say that to
someone you care about. You either talk maturely without ultimatum or forget
saying it.
Moment you say to someone he is not good enough and give conditions about
leaving, you better make sure you can take it when the man does leave you
because saying thsoe words, will not give you a second chance.
Words do matter and they do hurt and they can break trust so fast, they’ll not
want to be with you either.
You want to step up, do so by example but don’t try and bribe someone
emotionally, and give ultimatums or you might ﬁnd the guy knows himself well,
like I do and you’ll be history.
You want something, talk maturely without the emotional bribery.
You want change, be the change and keep your devaluing techniques and
manipulation to yourself.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nazlee Sabahipour

How should an ugly girl act?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People will say to you, ‘looks don’t matter.”
They say it, but the world no matter what they say, does look at your looks and
you have years ahead of you, in which you will experience a lot in your life, and
getting old is going to take a lot longer for you.
The good news is you can take an averages and I don’t like using numbers but it’s
to demonstrate something for you, but you can take a look of 3 and increase
averages to a 6–7.
For example, this is Sarah Silverman, see her makeup, style of look, clothes,
sexual appeal right here…

This is her now without the makeup, the style/look etc…

For too long, many people have been told…
“Looks don’t matter.”
Looks do matter and your looks are not going to fade until years later.

They matter in a lot of things and it’s very ingrained into society and it’s culture.
In fact, it inﬂuences many people on who to buy from, who to be friends with,
who to associate with, who to date and even, yes, even who to do business with.
Because the other side of ‘looks’ is
“If I am seen with this person, brand, company, associate, how does it look like for
me in everyone else’s eyes?”
It’s..
“What’s in it for me?”
If looks doesn’t matter and you go oﬀ online blasting away on social media, then
know, companies are looking and if you apply for jobs, they’ll be looking at your
social media accounts and activity even if you got everyone blocked, there are
ways to be able to see everything.
Looks even matter on how your CV appears, to words you use, where you
studies, skills you have and if you got the qualiﬁcation and most of all…the
experience.
The looks of having a track record matters in this world.
People will say be yourself but I warn you - people say one t8hing but do the other
for themselves. Most people say be yourself but what it really means when you
meet the world is - be the self THEY like you to be.
If you want to be noticed by companies and you know many people are applying
for the same job, how it looks to their system, their machines, their algorithms for
your CV to get more eyeballs and recruiters to notice you even exist on their
online system.
Looks matter, when you got a blog, a website.
Looks matter if you have millions of followers on instagram on a speciﬁc niche
not just any niche. It will attract more followers but most of all, companies,
brands wanting to pay you to advertise their clothing line and other products.
It tells someone “do I belong here? is this for me, is this person part of a social group
I like to be with or not?”
Looks matter, if a guy doesn’t have good teeth, forget it.
It is harder for him because every girl who says looks don’t matter, worry a about
how it looks to everyone else if they introduced their new boyfriend to those
around them.
It’s in the DNA of human beings.
They go for what they value the most and looks is going to matter in many shapes
and forms.
Looks matter because it says - this is how healthy you are, this is your status
and this is where you’re at in life, even when it can be wrong and this
perceived value can be faked.
It matters how you present yourself in an interview, how you look and smell, and
even communicate.
Even if your credit score looks bad, you will have a hard time getting any help
from banks and getting loans. Some companies won’t hire you because of that
especially if you want to work as an accountant or anything to do with
ﬁnance/accountancy.
The good news….

There are things you can do practically to improve your own perceived value and
status and… not just with your looks of your face and body, but your overall
appearances in many areas of your life, which will open doors for you and make
life easier.
For example…just on looks alone like the face…

You can read more about this and style of clothes and other things that can
increase your overall appearances to make you feel better about yourself right
now…
Adam Taha's answer to I'm a black girl and I feel myself really ugly, what should I
do?
Doing these steps will help give you something that you need right now. To feel
good about yourself. It’s alright for people saying to a teen, looks don’t matter, but
they forget how it was in school, college and how shit you feel because you think
you are not good looking and everyone else is, but really it’s a lot of work done for
them to look like that.
Yes, there are those who have genetics where they look very attractive but really,
majority of people you see don’t have the genetics of hot looks.
The rest look attractive due to what I am sharing with you and you just need to
know how to do it.
“Loving yourself” takes years.
It’s a lot of work and it takes a lot longer.
So while you take care of that part, the inner part of you which will take time, you
can do the other things for your outer appearances, and the rest in time will catch
up and…you feel better about yourself right now because you got some practical
steps you can apply right now…
Start here…
Adam Taha's answer to I'm a black girl and I feel myself really ugly, what should I
do?
9.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of a man who won't walk into a store and
buy feminine products for his lady because it's
"embarrassing"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why?
Is this “tell a man he is not man enough, day?”
Or what is it now. Oh yes.. “man up!”

Oh wait it must be “Masculinity blah blah blah.”
Maybe other double standard petty emotional bias days.
It’s not a big deal.
I know many women for example get embarrassed to buy condoms for their man.
Many struggle with social anxiety and you see it condoms but there are things
happening you don’t see stems from that.

Some cannot even walk and say “hi” to someone and they are adult women and
men.
Does that make them less of an adult and makes them immature?
Oh wait, a woman couldn’t say no, and continues to give a blow job to a guy who
charades himself as “male feminist.”
Does this make her immature, not an adult, less feminine and less of a woman?
No, it doesn't.
It does however make anyone else immature when they measure a man and
woman as not adult, mature with..
“Does he buy your tampons/feminine products.”
Everyone has their little to big thing.
For example in other countries, it’s a huge problem, cultural, walking in buying
sex stuﬀ, buying condoms, buying tampons, it’s heavy stress in these countries
for men and women.
The amount of slut shaming there is huge compared to the west which does it
sneakily, ambiguous,. double standard war, political correct way but they are
thinking about it, slut shaming, misandry.
Most women for example, - cannot approach man to ask him out on a date. They
cannot even smile at a guy and do the complete opposite because..
I feel uncomfortable. I might be seen as a slut
I might be judged as a whore
I might be seen as too easy
Does that make the majority of women less of a woman, less feminine.
I mean, who on earth would not be able to do a simple thing as that, huh? I mean,
it’s not a big deal, right?
Yet, in USA, England, I see many cannot even do that.

You cannot even walk up to some guy and say..
“Hey, I saw you and I had to come over to say hi and I am curious, like to know
who you are, cause you look attractive.”
Oh wait, that’s sexiest now.
Or that woman is a slut, too easy, desperate.
Right? I mean it’s so easy to do, walk up to someone and say hello if you’re
attracted to them but many don’t.
Ridiculous, isn’t it?
It’s just downright immature.
I mean, if this was like some TV show 50 u years ago, it was laughable then and
well, si is the 21st century. Right?
And yet, how many questions we see from people in west asking about some guy,
who they like but cannot say it, and how they can by not making someone know
they are attracted to them!
And get this…
Now most women and even fake ass feminist wannabe men, hiding behind then
“feminist” tag, say that if a man is so cautious approaching a woman, it must be
because he is doing it wrong.
No, there are women in this world who are seriously fucked up in head looking
for attention and sut shaming men just by saying, hello, like this woman right
here…

And when he and rightfully so, says he’s going to call cops on this fucking crazy
women, she says he’s not a coward, a whimp.
But let’s look at other countries..like India or some arab countries…
In those countries, if you even approach a woman or a man, you can be
imprisoned, you can be stoned to death, you can have your whole family
humiliated.
You’re going to use your “oh he’s not mature, a man” and “she’s not a woman and
adult and feminine enough” for them too?
Do you think we all here, have the world evolve around is?
There are many cultures in this world, even in England and USA, and so no one
has even said what culture this guy comes from, what is his background in how
he was brought up, what trauma he has been with being bullied, pushed around,
to even how he is more responsibility is paying bills, taking care of the big things
instead of focusing on fucking tampons.

That’s what I think is hilarious….
People measuring someone’s maturity and as a man, an adult over how he is
embarrassed buying feminine products.
Are you that surprised?
Look at all the answers and you won’t be.
Shame is a big thing in society and then you give advice to people..
“Be yourself.”
Are you kidding me?
What do you think most of these answers project do - to…shame another human
beings, calling him this and that.
“He’s not man enough.”
“He’s immature.”
“He’s this and that.”
And people surprised about why a guy feels embarrassed to buy feminine
products. We can go and laugh about it and call it ridiculous but shaming
someone, calling them less of a man, immature, just shows why people are even
afraid to just be themselves.
“Be yourself.” You hear, don’t you?
Be yourself.
You hear this from mostly everyone you meet. In fact, many writers here saying it
on many of their answers..
“Be yourself. Be true to yourself.”
There’s a guy being himself, saying he’s embarrassed. He is being open about
what worries him to another woman, to his partner.
What is it so many women complain about?
“Why doesn’t a man share his emotions, how he feels? How come a man does not let
me know what worries him?”
Really?
I mean for fuck sake, look at most of the answers. One man just did and look at
the judgemental attitude.
Can you imagine, if he said this out there, the amount of bullshit he will get?
That’s why.
No one here even knows the guy, how he’s responsible paying bills, got his shit
together, doing his degree, and many other aspects of his life that he is very
mature about.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does a woman mean when she says she wants a man to sit
her down and shut her up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She desires a man who is dominate and she likes to be submissive rather than
always having to take things in control. Like work, job and her mind is ﬁlled with

lots of noise.
But if you’re a guy she is saying it to, 99% of the time it won’t be you because you
proved that to her by asking the question instead of asking her. You’re passive
aggressive not someone who leads or conﬁdent enough to ask her this question.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alex Lear

A girl claimed that she has been unlucky with guys being jerks
in previous relationships. What can it mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means stay the away from her.
Moment a girl is already acting a victim, telling you stories of how she is
attracting Jerks…she is the biggest jerk of them all. She’s played this game a lot,
an attention seeker, who attracts these wankers on purpose, so she can tell her
dramatic bullshit stories.
She is trying to trigger the white knight inside you. Men are naturally protector
and so these types know, to tell a sad story of ex, abuse, or a story jerks, to lower
your guard, reel you in.
The other way is also love bombing. They say how they so admire you, you’re so
amazing, and they don’t even fucking know you it. That starts not always
immediately but very close to start.
Not every guy they date are Jerks. These type of girls have a psychological script
and on purpose, whether they deny it or not, attract these guys to the self
sabotage, for them to live out their victim story.
She is psychologically screwed until she gets therapy.
I would avoid her like then plague.
Stay away from her. She’ll play with your emotions. She’s drama, the damsel in
distress and looking for someone to rescue, another to blame, so when you hear a
this kind of script and game, your natural instinct will tell you something is
wrong.
You’ll know when something is up.
Moment you google, moment you do anything to ﬁnd what’s up, that’s your
answer. Listen to your intuition.
You’re spot on! Do not engage with her and do not date her, and avoid her like the
worst plague coming.
Run as fast and far as you can from her,
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mårten Frösslund

We’re friends again however she’s over me and I’m not her
priority anymore. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It seems to me, you are just wanting to be friends in hope of getting back together.
That is one of the biggest mistakes so many make.
You don’t be friends with an ex for that reason but many do, waste their sweet
time doing so. Back and forth and for what?
You hold your life back for someone else who doesn’t see you in that way
anymore.

Any person of respect knows what to do.
If you don’t put yourself ﬁrst, no one else will. You let people use you, whenever
they want, back and forth.
It’s like you’re living as a person who thinks they cannot do better, that she’s the
only woman on planet earth, like you fear being alone.
I get you know her and there’s feelings involved but what’s the point of all this
when you can see and feel, she’s not that into you?
Girl is even saying “you is not a priority,” and or behaving as such, and she’s an ex
anyway - and you’re still asking what to do?
Make your life a priority, take your life and goals seriously, and you’ll know very
well what to do. You won’t even need to think twice.
You’d think “I can do better than this. Moving on.”
Let her be the one answering some fucked up question..
“What would you like to say to an ex,” and bitch all day about tis and that, blah
blah and blah. Like it’s going to do shit anyway.
Move on and learn to take your time seriously.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jeﬀy Li

What are you looking at?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This and I got it as my laptop screen wallpaper…

Feels good, like I am sitting there, with a drink and away from the madness.
Awesome image and I found it right here
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever wondered why we are here?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Have you ever wondered why we are here?

Maybe in past but much of my thoughts wasn’t and still isn’t..
“why am I here.”
It’s mostly…

“I wish I can just disappear from here and sleep, and not wake up again in this
nightmare called planet earth and life.”
Or..
“I wish I can get away, be on Island were all I need and away from the noise and
busy world, and all the ﬁghting, and political correctness gone mad.”
I really had high hopes for human race. I really thought when I get older, I’ll see
us travel through space and all the technology and money we have made, all the
gold, mineral, diamonds, currency, inventions, technology, all that power, the
world will be a better place.
And if there are species out there they’d written songs about us, on how advanced
we are in humanity, and how we have no wars, how we are equal, how we got out
our shit together.
Then I get past teen years and realise, we are screwed and nothing really is going
to change except rise in inﬂation, people get poorer, life will get harder, taxes
higher, and your wages will not be shit compared to all your outgoing as the
billionaires living it up and their children making headlines.
All it is, is consume, consume and consume some more. New phones, no ways of
communications, new computers, new…new….but really, it’s all just making us
busy consuming and nothing if you really think about it has changed.
We just do it faster and far more blindly than ever before.
And sometimes, much of the time it’s good thoughts.
After all, I’m human so I am going to sometime think these thoughts but if there
is one thing I always think, it is this…
There is no justice in this world and no justice in the power that created all this if
it exists. It has no clue whatsoever and has made all unbalance to such fuckery,
sometimes it bewilders me, on how the hell we survived this long as human being
because we seem to always if you look at world, ﬁghting over our existence,
against…each…other.
And we will never reach the stars.
All that big talk about frontiers, space and beyond has become nothing but a
fucking joke, and all of it is spent on noise, political gossip, wars, so many
organisations and poltical bigots speaking for man and woman, and I wish they
all just shut the fuck up and leave us all alone because instead of making things
better, they have made everything worse against countries, races, genders and
now we got political correctness gone crazy.
It’s like we as a human race cannot help feel this itch for war, for bullying, for
bringing down someone else, for all kinds of hate and shit, that if someone, an
alien was looking down, they’d not think..
“OOh we need a clever plan to conquer these humans.”
It be..
“It be so easy right now, just swoop in, and get them ﬁghting each other apart and
we can just watch. Let them do the job for us.”
Then you get to wonder..
“I bet that’s what it is all about. Everything we see, is distraction, noise, to do only
one thing. To get us all ﬁghting each other as some make tons of money over it all
and all voicing how they are about us, how they speak for us when really, they
don’t give a damn about us. The most hardened Narcissist and Predators are in

these organisations, political campaigns, mainstream media, and even charity
organisations to all kinds of organisations.”
They for real don’t give a shit about what they are ﬁghting for and don’t get me
started on modern feminism. It’s dead! Crumbled to the fucking ground and they
are just holding on to their dear life as 7% in the UK say they are feminist and
dwindling as many say, “fuck this. This isn’t about choice but bullying even women
and losing our jobs because of these fake ass third wave feminist!”
The louder they shout, the more smaller they are. The higher tey scream, the
more it is so obvious tey haven’t got a leg to stand on. The more they can use
anyting to make it sexual assault news, and even shootings and killings and add
“oooh see, it’s about man is angry and oppressor of women” the more weak they
become, more stupid, more ridiculous and most of all, more people don’t want
believe in their version of feminism.
I mean, they are not even ashamed, to even use anything to make it about gender.
From school shootings, to some of job loss, to how a woman left her degree to be
wth a guy and Boo Hoo, he cheated on and “oh see men.”
Not, see how fucking stupid for anyone to leave their studies dreams for a guy or a
girl when reality is…they were shit scared of failing. So how about blaming
someone else and be a victim.
“I was going to do a degree in law but…I instead left it for my boyfriend.”
Then they spin to help their agenda.
If you haven’t noticed, mainstream media has been doing a lot of this lately, tons
of it but no one is noticing these at all. It’s been going on for a while now,
pounding on and, using everything as “gender” issue.
And mostly everyone is falling for it.
No one is seeing a pattern.
No one is seeing the way it was done before for other things like going into Iraq.
No one sees it but then we are left with the mess as they make the big monies and
maybe sell millions of books and all in our name.
No one is seeing, one of our rights is going to be taken away and will leave us wide
open. No one is seeing more fear is being created to then have no one speak
against the law or legislation that gets past through.
Like the one on Taxes years ago that was sneaked in while politicians and people
were asleep because they were busy ﬁghting world war.
They made world war as an excuse and promise it all go back to normal when war
is over but it never did. It was a lie.
Have you noticed, those who supposedly speak for us are raking in millions to
billions and yet, nothing is really happening but they all getting mansions, all
selling books on our names and plights, all making tons of wealth and..no one
questions it because we’re all distracted ﬁghting each other.
And where is God in all this?
Well, if he does exist, he sure left it too late to clean this mess up. Probably
laughing his head oﬀ and busy doing something else. He’s packed his bags and
gone on a long vacation or whatever the theories are today.
So yes, most of time it is not “why am I here.”
It’s..

“I wish I can just disappear from here and sleep, and not wake up again in this
nightmare called planet earth and life.”
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my ex keep contacting me and then give the silent
treatment a month after she broke up with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because the guys she was giving attention too have dumped her ass and ﬁgured
her out. So now she’s looking for attention and knows you is someone who hasn’t
slammed the door shut, blocked from everything, phone and social media and
thinks she can use your time because…you…let her.
So if you don’t want to be treated like this, block her, from phone and all social
media channels and stop banking on hope she will change. She isn’t going to for a
long time especially if she is a teen or a damaged fucked up Narcissist woman
pretending to not be narcissist to attract guys like you.
Block her on everything and move on.
She’s only doing it because you let her and because she wants attention. She
doesn’t give a shit about you or anyone else but to be emotionally stimulated. Let
her then sit in class bored shit because her life is boring, and no more turning her
on, no more investing in her and leave her to the wolves and her grandiose
fantasy she got in her head about how her life is awesome.
In the end, when they are alone, in those four closed walls, no social media,
phone, they know the real deal, that they are going nowhere, got only a couple
friends who are got crazy toxic nonsense in their life and really, it’s just boring,
monotonous life wthout any much excitement.
See it this way - you is the excitement, so take it away, let her crawl back to her
boring life and pretend to everyone else online and wherever she got it rocking.
When she meets a Bad Boy, she’ll see a Covert Narcissist is nothing compared to a
Bad Boy and she’ll kneel, collar on, and do as she is told because he isn’t messing
around when he says to her, she is either all in or bye, bye and she’ll behave very
diﬀerent to him than she would wth some pretty boy or he’ll immediately dump
her ass and move on.
Be that guy who when you don’t get respect from a girl, ensure they know the
boundaries and if they don’t behave as such, slam that door shut for always. No
second chances.
There is no shame by the way being attracted to a woman, falling in love with the
girl, but if she canot get her head out of her ass, if she cannot show true aﬀection,
if she cannot be consistent, if she cannot hold her shit together, and stop chasing
shiny objects, best to teach her a lesson that you is very diﬀerent to every guy she
meets.
Most guys will keep door open because it’s pussy before their integrity. They even
put love before their integrity.
Don’t be that guy but diﬀerent than the rest.
She’ll hate you for it when you slam the door shut but one day, down the line,
she’ll realise “shit, I had this guy, gave me all attention I wanted, was there for me,
and I screw it up for this?”
Most people only learn the hard way mate.

Sometimes, you got to be more than a man. You got to be a teacher of men and
women, show them there are men you don’t fuck with. That their pussy, ass and
tits isn’t higher than your boundaries.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you say when someone is having a bad day?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes you don’t need to say anything at all.
Just listen.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can you use body language to attract men?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Updated Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Facial expression is one of the most powerful and is the ﬁrst thing we see when
we are born.

It is also the face we see when we are growing throughout life and much of it can
be connected to…shame.
Many of the expressions can trigger emotions in someone to stay way from a
person even if they see it from a long distance because they don’t want to feel
pain, embarrassment, conﬂict and awkwardness.
All of which can be triggered by the facial expression a man sees in another
woman even if she is standing away from him.
His brain will be alert to detect threat and anything that can trigger emotions the
owner of this brain doesn’t want to feel and I’m sure everyone doesn’t want to feel
or see these expressions..
1. Judging
2. Disapproval
3. Disgust
4. Contempt
5. Anger
6. Frowning
7. Fear

8. Sadness
So of course, the face is the most powerful when communicating to anyone even
without words.
Anyone can go oﬀ saying..
“Yes, I got a resting bitch face, what you want me to do, smile all time, huh?”
That type of attitude gets you nowhere if you want to attract men you desire
because whether we like or not, it matters a great deal for both genders when it
comes to participating in the world we live in.
Just one slight change on your face and it can show…

When a man sees a woman an example, the brain, which ﬁlters, categories
automatically and…judges, labels and segments is looking to see if you are a
threat.
It is detecting if you are of a social group to avoid or if you are part of a the social
group that the brain can thrive, it can feel good with you, that it is safe,
comfortable, because human beings feel they want to..belong.

So the brain sees not the eyes but the brain will take what it already has in it’s
mind, all the upbringing, experiences, information, to identify if you are of the
social group it can belong to or you are against it’s survival, that you want might
hurt the man, that you might be oﬀended, insecure, judgmental or might
embarrass then mind.
It will identify all these by your facial expressions and even the most smallest
detail of your body language.

The second thing that happens automatically is, anything can trigger a person to
remember certain behaviors which they do not want in their life.
So when a man sees a woman frowning, when she isn’t smiling, that triggers
something and it does to a woman if she sees a man or woman frowning. It
triggers a deep unconscious connection to…shame.
The way for example a woman angles her body straight ahead with hands behind
her, tells me she is hiding something and also it is ambiguous. The man will
probably 99% will not approach.
Though the face is relaxed on ﬁrst one on left, it looks like there is prejudging,
hands are hidden behind her, not conﬁdent as hands in front shows conﬁdence.
It is not a clear “yes I am friendly, do approach, I am interested in you.”

The middle pose, she hasn’t got all her body forward but angled, facial expression
a smile and aﬀectionate, the hands on her hip are not super style poses but
relaxed, her hip up a little, and it’s saying that if a man approached she is happy
to have a chat. It’s a relaxed conﬁdent body language, warm and friendly and not
full ready to ﬁght kind of pose.
The side angle on the right, with a frown will send a message of feeling she wants
to avoid the man and does not want to be approached. She has already judged
him and so it is not safe to approach.
She is in a ﬁght mode, ready to attack or look upset.

Just these simple expressions and the body posture, can trigger anxiety, fear,
shame, guilt, all kinds of emotions.
We are memories and no matter how we move on, these memories are deep
within our minds, stored, ready to help us and unfortunately, much of the time
they don’t help us at all but prevent us to connect…

Even when a woman desires the man, her own insecurities, her own
Psychological script and stories in her mind, her emotional bias about man, the
information in her brain she collected, the people she has associated with and
picked up bad habits, the past experiences and more will show up for her to act
aloof…hesitant…and begin to play the transactional game which makes the man
feel and think she is not interested.
Most women believe, if she plays hard to get or if a guy chases, he sees her
diﬀerently, sees her not desperate and all kinds of labels removed but it works
opposite to a lot of men who want dating to be easier, without hints, without
chasing, more open and direct in a ﬂirtatious, friendly, warm and aﬀectionate
way. That she initiates as well and meets half way.
We live, breathe and walk with these memories 24/7 and they can be
triggered by what we see, what we hear, what we smell and even touch.
It can also be done by how a person behaves, touches, sound of voice and the vibe
the person feels. Even the smell, can push a man away to coloyr, to style of
clothes because all these say to him..
“I feel I belong here,” or “I do not feel I belong with her.”
But we’ll keep to just the visual - seeing.
When someone sees a person frowning or not smiling, he will be hesitant because
the brain is now on survival mode, triggered memories, that he will be judge
them on how he looks, how he approached, what he said and the result will be
like he experienced as a child/teen and it’s experience he doesn’t want to
experience again.
So what can you do to let the man feel you are someone who isn’t going
to look at him in disgust, judging, being condescending, disapproving of
him for approaching etc?
What can you say to him that you’re not busy, you do do want him to
approach?
It is to..use your facial expression not in a negation way and use your body with a
warm aﬀectionate pose than a ﬁght angry disgust or hiding something pose.
In a way that is saying “Hey, it’s safe. I do want you to approach me. I am conﬁdent.
I am not insecure. I am aﬀectionate and warm. I am sensual. I am feminine. I am a
woman who understands your world too as you understand mind. I know the secret
and you know it too, and in that we share that this world is all two faced, double

standards and we shall not play these games and none speak for us, nor woman,
man, organisations, mainstream media and I shall not judge by that but our own
voice, right here and now. I will meet you half way. YES, I am attracted to you and it
is all clear for you to do so.”
In seconds the man will feel all this. It’s very fast.
So be wary of the facial expression, the vibe you project and any judging
regarding man or we will judge you by the same measure, and walk away. We can
FEEL your vibe. It takes seconds.
Smile…

The best curve on a woman is her…smile.
Show a warm, aﬀectionate and welcoming smile, turn your body towards him,
both feet directed at him when you do and step a few steps towards him.
Even better…
Walk up, strike a conversation, ask for direction, ask him for help and then lead it
to a diﬀerent conversation and then compliment him. Use your tone of voice,
laugh with him, make him feel comfortable and let him see your personality.
Use light physical conversation touch, a pat his arm as you talk and laugh and
connect. Be fun, lighthearted instead of serious.
Lead it to wanting to see him again by suggesting something you always wanted
to see and lead it that if he like to go with you too. Maybe meet at a cafe for a drink
because..
“You know, not many men are conﬁdent and great at conversation as you. I’m glad I
met you and I wondered, if you like to meet over a drink at a cafe I so wanted to go
but haven’t yet.”
9k Views · View Upvoters

When will I ﬁnd my ﬁrst boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you see a guy you’re attracted to and approach, smile, strike a conversation
and show him you’re interested in him and even…suggest something in a creative
way.
Or you can wait, like most girls do and wait…wait…and wait….and wait some
more to ﬁnd times have changed, and you need to be active, socialise, no mind
reading, no hints or guys these days will not feel safe with you.
They’ll think you’re just wanting attention or trouble.
Waiting takes much longer and it will be very frustrating too. You also don’t learn
anything and or gain any experience that can help you later on.
So you don’t ﬁnd a boyfriend…
You get a social life and participate in the world or be like some girls, acting
princess like, thinking some guy is going to approach when we live in a climate
these days girls can also be trouble, playing games for status and to look good in
front of other guys and girls.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Clara Churchil

How do I make someone feel guilty about the way they broke
things oﬀ with me? I want to initiate a conversation with them,
but I don't want to sound like I am desperate. I want to sound
indiﬀerent. What are any strategies?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re already acting desperate..
1. You want someone to feel guilty. He probably already feel shit. Breaking
up is not easy, stressful and failure in relationship for many guys can
change the person as well.
2. You say you want to not sound like you’re desperate. They already know
you are because what else is it called when someone contacts an ex to try
to score points.
3. You want strategies which tells me you saw relationship as that, a game
and nothing else but a game to win. It only proves one thing to the guy he made the right decision as he now sees the girl’s true colour.
Sounds very desperate to me.
Revenge always comes from fear based, from low self worth, low self esteem and
desperation.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend really wants me to perform rimming on him, but
it grosses me out. Is there anything I should do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he cares for you. If he really respects you. If he loves you. He’ll see it makes you
uncomfortable and not bother with it.
Have a talk with him and communicate politely that it’s not something you’re
into but you will try other things you like to do, and share with him what these
are. Also ﬁnd out what else he likes to do. I’m sure he’ll have other things he like
to experience with you that you are into as well.

If he doesn’t listen and still pushes for it, then maybe it’s best you ﬁnd someone
else.
There’s so many other things you can do and I’m sure if he has his head screwed
right and cares for you, you both can do something else.
The main thing is you are comfortable and so is he.
You need to be comfortable and you need to desire doing whatever yourself and if
you don’t and he pushes, then your comfort, your safety too mentally as well, and
emotional is not being protected and he as someone who supposed to care for
you needs to put this ﬁrst not anything else.
Communicate calmly to him and take it from there. Being ambigious and think
guys can read your mind is not going to work. We cannot read your mind so
communicate.
He may just needs you to open up and share what you feel.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a man says, "That's just how it is" in
response to not seeing a woman for a long time? Does that
mean he doesn't want to see her again?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He doesn’t want to argue about it and debate about it.
Best also to ask him if he wants to see you again.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Myisha Brown

How long should you date someone before moving in with each
other?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How long should you and your boyfriend be dating for before moving in
together?

1. You’ve been dating for a while, over a year or less.
2. You have been living a day or two of the week, rotating at his place and
he at your place, for a year.
3. You got to meet many of his friends
4. You got to meet many of his relatives
5. You have been intimate sexually
6. You have also through process of dating found you are compatible. That
both attitudes is in wave length of working towards a prosperous
relationship
7. You have discussed values and seen you have similar values.
8. You have probably argued a few times and can laugh about it and it has
brought you closer to also know how to communicate with each other
without the drama. It’s not perfect but you both a way to limit such
things as much as possible to speak freely without competing.
9. You have found deep intimacy with each other to such you do things
together, know each other well, and very close.
10. You have gone on holiday together a few times. One to two weeks length
holidays, can show you a lot about a person. See also number 2.

11. You have discussed if you want children or not and found both
agreement on this so not to mislead each other.
12. You have both got your own careers and job together, if you can or come
to an agreement if one has no job, what to do in house and so on. Be
reasonable and look at the bigger picture and avoid competing
mentality.
These are some of things to experience before moving in together but even then,
no matter how well you think you know someone, it does not guarantee anything.
We like to control things but we control nothing.
It’s an illuson.
We can only do our best to do these things, set boundaries and the rest you will
have to take one step at a time.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Marisa Rose

What can you do when your ex boyfriend whom you share
friends with starts spreading rumours about you which make
you lose friends?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You found out the people you call friends are not really friends. They are people
you thought were friends and maybe made friends with them for the wrong
reasons or they made friends with you for the wrong reasons.
So if they don’t even come to you and ask what’s going on and go oﬀ believing
whatever - do you really think these are friends to even have in your life?
Life has shown you something.
Listen to the feed back.
That you should dump all these friends anyway and ﬁgure out what a friend
really is and develop far richer relationships and true friendships.
Friends don’t go oﬀ believing gossip.
They come to you and sit down, and ask what’s going on and they ﬁrst listen and
they try to ﬁnd a way to comfort, help, and if you’re wrong they’d say it to your
face and have empathy to help you out.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ari Cashaly

What does it mean when you ask a guy if he thinks you’re ugly
and he says “I don’t know”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because he faces a problem..
1. If he says to a girl that she isn’t ugly, she’ll think he’s attracted to her,
when he’s not.
2. if he says she is ugly, he’ll be called a sexist. asshole, creep, cruel, bad boy
and so forth.
It’s safe for him to say..
“I don’t know.”
2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe true friendship is more beautiful than a
romantic relationship? Why?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t need to compare either of them to rationalise anything. They’re both
important in the right context. They both have their place.
Sounds to me, such statements is when people are not that great at dating and
relationship. they start trying to rationalise their situations by comparing, and
making one or other as important and not important.
Both have their place and you can’t compare them to each other in same way.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Remston Martis

What do I do if I'm in love with my best friend (girl) when she is
either oblivious or friend-zoning me, while she gets with other
people who are no good for her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only douches pretend to be friends with women and haven’t the guts to be honest
and politely say to the woman they are attracted to her and ask her out.
Only douches say, “while she fucks other people who are no good for her?”
What kind of friend says that about another friends and someone they say
they love?
It’s the very reason why women cannot stand “Nice Guys.”
Pretending to be nice guys to get close to women, acting all passive aggressive,
and think they got a say in who a woman dates.
What these guys do, is they orbit around the woman and even if she said outright
she is not interested in dating and relationship with them; they’ll smile and
pretend to be friends, going out, restaurant, hiking, traveling as she tells stories of
guys she dates, most of whom are Jerks and she knows they are Jerks. So they
listen to their stories, laugh with these women and even masturbate as they
dance as “friends” on some dancing course, but then one day she tells them she
met a guy, and she so fallen in love with this guy and now the Nice Guy turns
nasty..
“You ungrateful bitch, you slut, can’t you even see the guy in front of you, been
there for you, always listening to your problems, advising you and you then throw
it all back at me, you slut..”
Or they act weird, disappear, back and forth, doing all these games because now
these nice guys are sulking and they’ll go oﬀ online talking how bad boys are
jerks, women only choose them and not the nice guy. You see enough of these
questions..
“How come girls are attracted to bad boys..”
Because they are direct, down right up front and conﬁdent. If she says Yes,
awesome but if she says No, or acts all ambigious, she is so not tappng his time,
resources, energy for her to boost her self esteem and nor listen to the on going
stories of how she is fucking guys.
He is not looking for validation to feel good, act cool in front of her or tell stories
to his mates how he has a woman talking to him blah blah.
They don’t pretend to be friends to get between her legs.

Either approach her politely and ask her out or move on. If she says she isn’t
interested don’t go oﬀ playing games, and calling her names. Have some self
respect and move on.
No one told you to be friends with her and sit around listening to who she has sex
with or listen to her stories of problems. You put yourself in this
position/situation, being passive and aggressive.
Hiding under radar waiting and waiting but do nothing.
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by M. Ahmed

How do you reject someone that wants to be your Valentine for
Valentine’s Day?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I say..
“Thanks. I’m ﬂattered but I don’t see you in that way.”
It is simple when you are not seeking to be approved and accepted by others, or
you don’t fear conﬂict in where someone might be upset.
That’s their problem not yours.
If you cannot say no even on these matters, then be ready for the real world to
come. It’ll will chew you up, spit you out and not give a shit.
The ﬁrst lesson in life - learn to say no.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

A few months ago I was in a relationship and at that time me
and this girl considered each other friends. However, now that
I'm single we have been talking a lot more and complimenting
each other more often. Is it just a friendship or something
more?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Avoid looking for cues. Ask the woman out.
You fear rejection and so you’re looking for the right time, right moment, got to
have this right, that right.
Forget all that.
No one can read minds and cues, signals, they are full of shit. This is where
people cause too much stress in their life when they can just ask the person out.
The reason being, if you do not ask, a woman can fuck you over. It only takes one
stupid woman, a needy, attention seeker woman to screw your life over.
This is dangerous times.
Ask the woman out so she shows her intent and it needs to be a clear yes.
Anything ambiguous, take it as no and it’s not good enough for you.
Then move on. Don’t ask her again or look for any hints.
You move on.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jerry Longﬁeld

How long does it take to ﬁgure out you’re in love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Feb 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t go oﬀ trying to ﬁgure out when it should happen and all that. I like it to
ﬂow without being controlled, manipulated or planned. For it to ﬂow naturally.
I don’t be with a woman in sexual and romantic way with this strategy to fall in
love. It’s going to take time.
I just enjoy the moment, now, present.
Sure I got some expectations but even then, I don’t know when it happens. It
happens when it happens. Main thing I need to be very attracted to the woman I
am in relationship with and we’re compatible.
That’s a start and rest, well, it ﬂows naturally.
Sometimes it doesn’t work out and sometimes it does.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Noemi Gallardo

If you're a virgin and never kissed a girl, should you start with a
relationship or a hookup?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You forget relationship or the hook up myths. If you thnk you got even a choice of
either, get ready for the reality. You’ve got a lot to learn including overcome your
own fears of rejection and your mindset.
This is what we call “buﬀers,” where a guy asks questions to avoid just going out
there and socialise with girls.
Go and approach, get a Yes ﬁrst, date ﬁrst and then come back here talking about
relationships and hookups.
You’re over thinking.
Just go and do.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How will I know if I mean more to him? He said we’re best
friends and that I am special to him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do what mature adults do.
You communicate your interest. You ask him and avoid the non-verbal cues.
That’s one thing that frustrates many men and it does so to most women. You will
never know by looking for hints but by asking the man.
No one can read someone’s mind and nor can we.
So be mature about it and ask him.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Grace Villegas

Dating and Relationships: Why are most engineers single?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As you can see from most answers - they do a lot of over thinking, even create
diagrams and graphs.
But I promise you this…

In all their lives they haven’t approached 10–20 women and all their “I know” is
theory and theory in the real world means shit.
They are socially inept when it comes to these things.
“They avoid social interaction for fear of being ridiculed, humiliated, rejected or
disliked.”
That’s why most are single.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

It’s really hard for me to accept my ex was a narcissist. I keep
thinking maybe he wasn’t. Am I making excuses for him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if the person is a Narcissist or not.
You know what is important?
I’ll make it easier for you…
How you felt shit. Like you was drowning, feeling sick, anxious, like something isn’t
right at all and it was making you feel like you have been poisoned.
How that person took you for granted.
How your gut was turning inside out because no matter how much you gave, it
wasn’t enough and they were screaming out how your expectations of them was
too much.
Blah blah fucking blah.
It was their irritationality, negativity after negativity, then nice and back again,
up and down, back and forth, and non consistent.
You only know one thing..
You was feeling sick because they are sick…

It was toxic.
You felt unloved. You spoke and you got silent treatment or whatever and it made
you feel absolutely sick
You felt the pain. You felt the misery.
You felt loneliness even with that person.
You felt the more you gave the more they were less aﬀectionate. Probably because
they were fucking busy love bombing or being infatuated by someone else.

You cannot forget that can you?
You can even right read my words and still feel the shit you went through. You
remember every nudge and prodding.
That is all you need to know and not whether they are this, or that but rather, how
you felt and you felt shit. You felt that person was taking you for granted. That
person was not pulling their weight. That person was saying they don’t trust and
now they do, back and forth crap.
Remember the feeling they made you feel.
That is all you need to know.
The moment you forget that and get distracted asking if they are this or that, is
the day you start questioning and doubting yourself.
When you do..
Remember…how that person made you feel.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

I have a desire to get out of my house without return because I
hate my family. I don't have a job, and I have nothing. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can..
1. Get a job. Any job that pays not some dream job. It will later lead to
something but for now, get your own shit together.
2. When you got your job then don’t screw it up. Work hard and smart, and
put some money away.
3. When you got enough for deposit and rents, go and get your own place.
Stay focus on this plan, no excuses or how family is this and that. You go and do
what you got to do to get out of whatever you want to get out of.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

She rejected me years ago. I then ﬁnd out she has a kid and she
is single. She contacts me out of nowhere and she says she
wants to hangout. Should I do it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn’t.
She rejected you. Went away and had her fun. Now got a baby and she now
contacts you, hoping you be that guy who will be giving her emotional support
because you weren’t good enough then but now you are because she has a baby,
and her pool of men diminishes signiﬁcantly.
You’re the backup plan.
And when that guy appears again, she’ll push you aside and go right back to him
because….
“Oh it’s for the baby..”
Don’t bother.
It says alot for you to even ask ‘what should you do?”

Means you haven’t got much options in your life regarding women so go and
create those options.
15.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys approach me ask for my number then easily give
up?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they feel you’re playing games and not really interested.
They feel you’re making them chase, playing hard to get and doing something
that makes the guy judge you as a woman who is hard work.
That you are just wanting attention and you are playing for the chase.
Majority of guys want you to make it easier and if you make it hard, they will walk
away and leave the woman standing.
Take initiative and show your interest back. Call the guys, text, don’t wait. be
more engaging and show you are attracted to the guy.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How long will it take a guy to lose interest in a woman if she
does not show interest in him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on who the guy is.
Me, seconds or minutes. Moment I know she’s does not qualify herself quick,
we’re done.
Moving on.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do so many Russian girls only write their height (example:
178cm), and nothing else, in the description of their online
dating proﬁle?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they can.
They’ll still get tons of messages from men.
If a man did that and he’s average looking, forget it. If he’s hot, he doesn’t need to
say a damn thing or he can write anytihng and it will work.
It’s how it is.
If a woman even posts in forum
“Hey any guy wants a fuck?”
She’ll have tons of messages in her in box.
If a guy does, none except if he’s hot good looking.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Had a great date with this guy, and he hasn't called me in two
days. Did he lose interest or should I wait a little longer?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s only been two days.
But I would also change the way you approach dating because the way you’re
doing it, is not productive.
You need to keep your options open because…
One, a guy may have found someone else.
The other guy, may not be compatible.
The other guy is playing hard to get.
The next guy, not worth even thinking about.
The next guy is all nice but disappears and doesn’t reply to your phone or
text.
The other guy hasn’t his life together.
The next guy is drama and toxic.
On and on it goes until you meet a guy that clicks and when it does, you’ll know.
It ﬂows easily, naturally, no game, like its..meant to be.
You just click. It’s calm and frightening what you said you wanted is happening
and your brain is going to ﬁght to see all kinds of excuses but you love each
other’s company.
You feel electric through your body and he’s talking of future and disappointed if
you lack trust in him of what he is saying. Be careful of this part due projecting
past negative experiences, showing you’re overwhelmed instead of passionately
excited.
He’ll text you lots, he’ll call you and he’ll ask so much about and raring to want to
meet you again. You can feel the vibe is clarity, fun, exciting and it’s incredible
connection.
You know because you never ask “is he really into me,” because he’ll make it very
clear in his behaviour and not just words.
He is the storm, comes at you from nowhere, like dynamite and it seems no one
can ever make you feel this way and it probably so, because guys like that are very
rare, lived, experienced and know exactly what they are doing. He makes it easier
for you but if you make it diﬃcult for him, being cold, emotionless, awkward,
he’ll back away and move on.
So take note of that as conﬁdent men rarely have time babysitting women in
regards to anything even intimacy, vulnerability and sex.
This process helps to accelerate dating for you while you enjoy the experience.
You avoid waiting for a guys to make decisions or wondering what is going on.
You don’t need to wait.
If you are same as me, with a mindset that there is no such thing as “the one”, but
rather the one who emotionally invests back, shows same passion in you as you
do in the person.
It may take you dating lots of guys or few guys.
Keep your options open.
Don’t wait because you’re not exclusive to that guy…yet or any guy.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Does it hurt guys to reject girls?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it’s a close friend, it can make it awkward. I don’t want my friend feeling shit
about themselves or situation but I won’t say yes because of that. I rather be
honest and say I am ﬂattered but I don’t see her in that way. I’ll do my best to
make my friend feel good about herself and not make her feel awkward about
asking me out and lead it to still be able to talk.
I’ll even call her and text on same day or next day and keep ﬂow of conversation
and make her laugh.
I’m Gemeni, so I’m fun, cocky and can make girl laugh easily, and make her feel
all is ﬁne, not to worry, it’s cool.
But if it’s someone I don’t know, then no.
I’ll say politely say I am ﬂattered but not interested and I won’t feel hurt saying
no. I’ll just be polite about it.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jess Zimmer

Should I wait for this girl I like?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I liked this job years ago but I didn’t wait for to call on me.
I went and got the knowledge and skills, and applied.
One company said no. Another said something else but it was a no. So did
another 10 companies. I started shaping my CV up by learning copywriting and
applied it and so I learned that all these rejections was a process to learn more,
grow and to move on faster.
That’s how I found a company that said….yes and they were passionate in hiring
me as I was passionate in working within their company and team.
Time never waits for anyone and why even invest time, emotions and resources
on anyone who is being half assed or giving you reasons why it cannot happen?
One of our greatest crimes on ourselves when it comes to these things is we wait
for someone, when we can move on to attract someone who is as passionately
desiring us in the same way we are in them.
You approach.
You ﬂirt.
You ask a girl out.
If it is not a 100% YES you move on.
If it is a NO, you move on.
If it is not clear what she says, you get her to clarify it right there and then as a Ye
or No.
If she still doesn’t clarify, take it as a no and move on.
If she says Yes, and you lead and she is playing hard to get or hasn’t got her shit
together, you don’t ask..
“What does it mean like most guys who just don’t get it.”
You move on.
See what the key is?

It is you must qualify her and it’s just about her making the decision. You are also
making a decision for yourself too.
Or you’ll be treated as a doormat.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I asked out my crush and she said I don't want to reject you but I
can't date. What does that mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She doesn’t want conﬂict and have awkwardness. So she is being nice to lower the
blow of rejection. It is a rejection no matter what she says.
She doesn’t see you in a romantic and sexual way.
Take it as a no and move on.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a guy calls you a "dangerous woman" as as
compliment?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the context. It doesn’t necessary mean she is hot looking and can
attract many men and even him.
It can also mean..
1. She’s a manipulator, covert narcissist. He has sussed her out
2. She’s someone not to date as she brings trouble that can even threaten
friend relationship, work, business or even his life.
3. She a drama queen and is only in attracting men to create drama. An
attention seeker.
4. Or if the context is about looks, then she has hot looks and he’s in a
relationship, she’s very good at ﬂirting - so he’s turned on but won’t take
action. He says she’s a “dangerous woman.”
It entirely depends on the context.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

She loves me deeply, but she’s not interested in sex. She does it
unwillingly to make me happy. Is it worth it to be in a
relationship for the sake of the commitment I made with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, Love is not enough.
You’re both not compatible.
It doesn’t matter if the other person loves you deeply. It’s only going to make you
both resent and hate each other later on.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What does a girl mean when she asks “what do you want us to
be”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question in her head is..

“What are we?”
So she wants to know where she stands and wants to hear it from you. Is it a
relationship boyfriend and girlfriend or..not.
She also wants to hear how you see both of you in the future.
She wants reassurance of relationship and hearing from you there’s a future with
both of you together.
2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alex Asad

What should I do if I feel the need to apologize to an old ex, but
can’t because if my boyfriend found out he would be upset?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget about your boyfriend AND forget about yourself too.
The moment you start dragging up past with ex boyfriends, you’re bring up old
wounds, pains and really just doing it for yourself.
Are you going to clean up the mess? No.
Can you ﬁx the mess that left behind or caused by you? Doubt it.
So you think about ex feelings and how you can bring up old memories he doesn’t
want to resurface.
Hell is paved with good intentions..
Let the man (the ex) heal, move on without the drama. This isn’t about you or
your boyfriend.
This is about someone else’s feelings who got hurt and dragging it up where
nothing really is going to change, nothing is going to be cleaned up, ﬁxed but for
you to feel better.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

He texted saying he really likes me and thinks he loves me. Why
did he stop texting after that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
You didn’t reciprocate his feeling and for him to hear from you to reassure him
you feel the same way.
Instead you probably did nothing much and text like a play hard type or ignored
what he said and text something else. Or didn’t text back at all.
So now, he realises you don’t feel same way and he’s backed oﬀ. Way back. A
thousand miles back and he won’t text you again.
He sees it as a rejection and moved on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sakura Takagi

I texted my boyfriend that I was going to the hospital and he
texted back about how his boss got mad at him at work. Should
I stop dating him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He is saying to you..

“I understand but I can’t leave work because my boss is going crazy at me and I
might get ﬁred for leaving to be there for you. That’s why I can’t be there for you at
this moment in time.”
Change the way you talk and text.
No more non verbal ques. Ask when you want something like this…
“I need your help baby, can you come to hospital with me because..(name reason
why).
Then you get the message loud and clear.
He has replied to you in the same way, hoping you understand his situation. He’s
at work. Boss is giving him problems and this is a message to you that he can’t
come, he’s stuck at work.
So even the most common sense texting on what to say might not happen due to
him being stressed out. His mind will be all over the place so our brain takes a
least resistance, non thinking way, logic way, just say what’s going on and hope
she understands and puts it together.
It doesn’t mean he doesn’t care.
Understand, he’s at work, you are texting him while he’s at a high stress
environment, his mind is everywhere, so he’ll type whatever. He’s in the
Masculine world, competition, crazy shit is happening at work.
I understand you want empathy and understanding but sometimes at work,
when it stressed out, we can’t even feel shit but say what’s going on at our end. It’s
easier, until we leave that environment and we collect our senses and then we’re
more empathetic.
So calm down, recollect your thoughts and wait for him to ﬁnish his job, and then
call him not to criticize, but to say to him what happened at hospital and then ask
him how it went at work with his boss.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

What's the diﬀerence between the girls you hook up with and
the ones you date?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get more intimate with women who are sexually conﬁdent as I feel not words
alone but physical. The ones I date is all bullshit games, wine, dine, ambiguous
and I don’t do that anymore. I did when I was a teen who follow the rat race of
dating and competing like some circuit.
There’s no drama, hassle and all this hiding and non-verbal bullshit cues. The
way it is for me, gives no room for women for non-verbal cues, and it gets rid of
any who like to chase, likes to use the system today in which dating is rigged for
women to have this excuse and hiding behind it a society panders to “oh they
weak, fragile, pathetic, can’t speakup because they feel so uncomfprtable,” crap.
I screen these women out so easily and not be in some shit situation like Aziz
Ansari was in. They got to say it outright, blatant and that takes guts and
conﬁdence, and now we are truly on equal planes.
I ﬁnd traditional dating very dangerous, non-direct, rigged, yes, rigged and it is
by far out of date, dishonest and no one takes responsibility to just say what they
want.
It leaves it so wide open that it can lead to dangerous situations and even sexual
assault claims and all kinds of weird shit can happen.

I’ve never had this problems in my entire life but because I don’t see women as
weak, pathetic victims but a human being that either hears what a man desires or
if she gets oﬀended, then bye, bye.
Fortunately, I left it such peacocking behind and since then, I never meet women
like the many men do in traditional sense. We meet and date as lovers.
We know what we want, how we want it, way before we even meet face face for
second time. First time was conversation and exchanging numbers or ﬁrst time
because we met online.
It’s open, honest and no bullshiting if we are attracted to each other.
Leaves me to watch majority debating on who pays and who doesn’t. Jeesh, I’m
glad I left that immature nonsense behind me way back and saw through that
game easily.
No thanks.
It’s not true that those you date you’ll become intimate at all or know much of it
other or there’s more respect Sorry, that bullshit.
I’m sure you have dated people you never saw again.
I am sure you have met and sat down and it was awkward, you are not knowing
shit about each other, and you felt empty when both walked away and second
guessing if so, so wants to meet again.
Talk about not being authentic and transparent.
I’m sure you have got a number and it went nowhere or you’re texting, texting
someone you met locally and you don’t even meet. I’m sure many ﬁnd so many
ﬂakes doing it this way.
Worse, most women deﬁne their self worth over restaurant meals and use this
useless pathetic thing as a ruler in their head.
You can date someone and nothing is going to happen and lots of sex dangle like
a carrot.
I bet it is frustrating for a lot of people.
Many of my relationships, amazing ones did not come from dating like
traditional. They came from meeting, ﬂirting and having sex same night and
when we meet again a day after.
People date strangers. I date lovers. Big diﬀerence. Why on earth would I be
spending time, emotions on someone who hasn’t a clue if they are attracted to
you or not?
One of my relationships = 18 amazing years! We had sex on ﬁrst date. Another
relationship am in is 15 years, another 10 years, sex on ﬁrst date.
Made my life easier.
And as for “hookup culture” pull the other one.
Many date and do not even have sex or they are on tinder for nothing but
attention seeking. Most people today don’t have sex much. Most women online
use it for nothing but for attention and acting clever. Some just use it to meet and
nothing happens.
It is exhausting process and so additionally, you don’t even get to the sex part. So
all this talk of “hookup culture” is just a con.

I don’t need to do all that dating to impress over some meal and doing all that
show. It’s a waste of time.
Not many people the way mainstream media shouts are having sex.
It sells to attract people to dating apps and dating websites services and all kinds
of things but really, hookup culture is a myth.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Can a relationship between an emotionless woman and a needy
man be successful?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It be drama.
It doesn’t have to be a “needy” man.
If I know a woman who is emotionally closed oﬀ, cold, doesn’t like intimacy, and I
don’t care if it’s her personality or whatever - I am so not going to even bother
with her. Not a chance.
I like aﬀection. I like femininity. I like smiles, physical touch, ﬂirtatious, fun,
exciting conversation, and lots of feelings.
If she is emotionally cold, awkward, I rather stay the hell away from her. If se
cannot express her desires, emotions and feeling for me, no point. I’ve done it
before and it’s hell.
I am sensitive in that I like my emotions to be reciprocated, understood and there
is empathy not aloof attitude, cold, awkwardiness, silence and making you feel
like you pressuring someone because you got needs and desires and feelings
needs to be reciprocated.
Makes you feel empty, lonely with that person and you are in this void, so it’s not
worth it and it be too painful I feel for anyone who can express emotionally, can
show aﬀection and empathy in words and physical.
What it will feel like is one is giving and giving and other is not, no matter what
the reason is, it’s just enough because love is not enough, there has to be balanced
and no power games, or unbalanced.
Full on, giving from both sides and no holding back, being awkward or cold or “I
am independent” yeah, well, good for the woman who is but that doesn’t mean
independent to me.
It means she cannot show aﬀection, she is unwilling to emotionally invest and
thinks only of herself, her goals and desires and nothing else but that.
Met many women like that, not interested in the slightest.
The world out there is already like that - cold, emotionless. You go anywhere,
walking in street, in shops, in tube station, on business, and everyone is
emotionless.
Women out there are already like that.
Men out there already like that. Jobs and business is already like that. Wherever I
go, there is already people like that.
So why would I want to even bother having it in my personal social life at home
and in relationship?
Why would someone sensitive and can show aﬀection want to bring that home
and into their personal life?

No thank you.
I have done it before and it will hurt if you love someone dearly and know you got
to move on and leave them. It really does hurt and no matter how much you love
them, they will only make you feel the void, the emptiness and the loneliness.
I would move on after I feel that.
That’s not because I am needy.
That’s because this is my personality trait, I am Gemini, I like warmth, aﬀection,
lots of communication, ﬂirtation, desire must be shown in words, in body,
physical and then whole lot - is my emotional language.
I am not interested in asexuals, not interested in anyone who is cold in romance
and sexual relationships,and not interested on their reason why. I don’t care to
understand it and I don’t care about being patient about it either. I will not have it
in my personal life anymore.
I know what I want and what I don’t want.
No compromising on this for me.
Women like that would do my head in and I cannot stand such women and not
because they are wrong or bad, but because I desire this and I know she cannot
give it, and so I will stay the hell away.
I do not believe in ﬁxing, changing and waiting for the person to grow, learn, see,
understand, realise. I have done that before. It’s complete shit and I do not want
these women in my life, ever, not even as business, not eve as going out, not with
socialising and so if it;’s relationship, deﬁnitely no.
Nothing persona;. Noting against that personality. Nothing like me seeing them
as bad or anything but we are not compatible. They’d bring out the worse in me
and I don’t like that side of me and better to never bring that side of me out
because I’ll not forgive that person, ever for that.
So to not let that happen, I stay well away from women who are “emotionless” or
awkward, or shy, or whatever personality that just doesn’t express emotions,
feelings, empathy, love in the emotional language compatible to mine.
Many men are like this.
For a man who is needy also, then she will ﬁnd lack of trust, tons of jealousy,
possessiveness from the man, and ongoing drama from both sides.
Personally, I rather die than be with a woman who is emotionless or awkward, or
closed oﬀ, whether it is her personality or past experience, whatever, is no
concern of mine. We would not be compatible.
It wll diﬃcult for that man you say he desires aﬀection, desires a woman who
shows feelings and diﬃcult for her too because that’s not her language. That’s not
how it is for her.
Best he ﬁnd someone else who isn’t emotionless and she ﬁnds someone who
doesn’t need much aﬀection, or showing it or investment of time in each other.
Life is already diﬃcult.
Relationships are already complex because people make it so.
Make it easier and it will not be drama.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sou Fe

Do you think our friendship matters to my guy friend?

Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s a friend.
That doesn’t mean you’re entitled to make him feel depressed about it, telling
him how he’s not taking friendship seriously because he doesn’t hang around you
much or call, or text you.
This is what you said to him…
“ I told him that our friendship is becoming pointless if we never hang out or talk
anymore and he said he doesn’t hang out with anyone anymore and I got upset
when he said that cause I’m not just anyone you know, I’m his friend and I told him
that I wasn't gonna beg or ﬁght for his attention or for him to even talk to me…”
And on and on.
It’s about vibe.
If you want someone to spend more time..
Make the time with you conversation, text, phone call exciting, fun, a
vibe that is arousing too if he’s a guy you’re attracted to, ﬂirtatious if he’s
someone you’re attracted to and desire him - and avoid negativity about
our personality and going of judging.
Vibe like what you projected is not going to do anything but push someone
away.
You don’t look at what you get ﬁrst.
You create the environment or vibe that he can never get out there which
makes him feel awesome when with you.
But your vibe right now, he can get this anywhere, from anyone.
It’s not special. It’s not fun.
It doesn’t stimulate positive emotions in a man but negative and moment you do
that is when you start to push a guy away.
So he can get that negative, judging vibe from anywhere, from anyone and it be so
much abundance of it but not the one I talked about that makes a guy so want to
keep coming back because your vibe makes him feel great.
Right now, you need to back away and make new friends. Give him space
and be someone who has door open if he needs to call on you as a friend.
When he does appear, stay away from this dark vibe and be friendly, be smiling,
be warm, welcoming, aﬀectionate and fun.
This is why I say to woman who are friends to not get all dramatic about it if I am
not around or haven’t time. That they need to go and make friends with others as
I got a life, women I am in relationship with as lovers, to dreams and goals,
Sometimes, I want to be alone for a long time and I don’t want to explain why. It’s
nothing personal. Just life weighing down sometimes so a man likes to be alone
and away from everyone for a long period of time.
Most of us do not need social network for emotional support. We like to be alone,
instead of talk and talk about our misery, pains because we are conditioned not to
show our feelings and how it’s weak to do so.
Most men rarely tell you what’s going on their life and you don’t know the shit he
might be going through, or depression, or thinking of future, or life etc. That
takes a lot of trust and most of us men, do not trust women as they talk too much,

gossip and cannot keep our secrets to themselves and also when we do open up
their behaviour is negative, expecting us to always be strong or they see our
expectations of them is so big, insecure is what most women become and even
trying silent treatment and devaluing.
So we keep a lot to ourselves, locked up inside of us.
Give people the space they need, no matter what when it comes to friendship and
ﬁnd many other friends.
Be busy with our social life.
Right now, he doesn’t want to talk to really anyone, be around anyone and now
because you’re just becoming stress about it he won’t show up for a while. One
side you’re saying you won’t beg and ﬁght for his attention and yet you made a
fuss of it.
Leave the man be. He has a life.
Make lots of friends.
Many of your friends will be like that. Life gets in the way but they are not going
to tell you everything and hope you don’t stress, making them feeling guilty for
not calling, and spending time.
You don’t know what’s going on in his life and he probably won’t tell you and not
because of anything but we as men conditioned to not share our emotions,
feelings because the world as it is, don’t give a shit about men’s feelings and yet
they say they do but moment we speak, it;s all “oh man the fuck up”
Give him all space it takes and you focus on your own direction, make new
friends and get busy wish your dreams and goals.
Right now you made it worse due to what you said to him.
Leave him be and focus on you expanding your social circle. If you do that, he will
in time probably call on you but only if you stop with all this talking about why he
isn’t doing this and that.
For all you know he maybe deep introvert now, something happening also in his
life or he is at a point in his life he likes to be alone for a long while.
It happens to all of us, man and woman and a friend will just give that space,
except a person for who they are and not try to ﬁx and change.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lisa Haling

What do you do if you jokingly send a breakup text to your guy
and he takes the damn joke so seriously that nothing you say
can change his mind, and you love him so much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A joke?
This is one of the worst things you can ever do in a relationship. Make fun of your
relationship and taking it for granted.
The damage is done.
Trust is very fragile.
It takes time to build it, years even but it can disappear in seconds.
You may think you can ﬁx it all back together but what happens is the other
person will always see the cracks…

The foundation for a healthy relationship is now crumbling and it creates doubt,
the gap, the stress and also a lack of direction.
Avoid making jokes like this because moment you take someone for granted and
think you can do things like this, is the day you have sown the seeds where the
other person will always doubt how you really feel about them.
The cracks is all they are going to see and it be over before you know it. The trust
is gone. His feeling of being safe with you is gone.
He cannot be sure anymore.
Nothing you can do now.
Move on.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend is leaving me due to my illness. He knew I had
asthma, but when I had to go to hospital he left me there. Is it
true I can’t get married if I have asthma?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not true.
I once dated a woman who had asthma. I made sure I had an extra inhaler with
me which she got from Pharmacy, just in case. Also I did a lot of reading about it
so I knew what to do as well when things happened.
Not because she was my lover but because it’s who I am anyway.
Your guy doesn’t have empathy much and well, he doesn’t care anyway. He would
have found a diﬀerent excuse if it wasn’t asthma.
It’s not your asthma.
Just the type of guys you select. Get good at selecting guys for deeper stuﬀ than
looks and status.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that when guys like me, they either ignore me or treat
me terribly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re probably going after guys with looks and not guys who have character and
because they know this, and so they know you’ll let them treat you that way.
Set boundaries.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why did she break up with me? She said no one will take my
place in her life but she can't be with me as I was too jealous and
insecure.?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She already said to you why…
“You’re too insecure and jealous.”
As for “no one will take your place,” is just her being nice to break up to avoid
conﬂict.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does she mean when she says she likes you, but she
doesn't think she can ever love any man again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does she mean when she likes you but still tell you she don't think she
can ever love any man again?

She’s not into you.
Take it as a nice way to say she is “not interested.”
Because it isn’t a clear Yes.
So you don’t need to concern yourself thinking for her about what it means. .
Her intent is clear by what she said and her behaviour. What matters you saw and
heard her intent. She’s shown that by her words - a no
So you move on.
14 Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys stop reaching out all of a sudden?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For many reasons..
1. She isn’t giving him the feedback he desires
2. She’s acting aloof, play hard to get.
3. She’s confused whether she is attracted to him or not
4. She avoids showing aﬀection
5. She’s cold
6. He doesn’t trust her because she blocked him online.
7. He’s seen something he doesn’t like about her online
8. He doesn’t feel safe with her
9. He thinks she’s an attention seeker
10. She’s giving one word answers
11. She’s boring
12. Her vibe is oﬀ and he is turned oﬀ by it
13. He’s not interested in her anymore
14. Or he’s found someone else
Can be many reasons.

Only he knows.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Patricia Martin

In a relationship where your guy keeps telling you “do you
know I love you”, what does he want you to know by constantly
saying it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He wants to hear you say…
“Yes I do and I love you too, so much.”
He wants reassurance from you that you know how he feels and he wants to hear
how you feel for him.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Anna Echi

Why did a friend of mine who was complaining to me on text
about her headache get oﬀended because I suggested that she
take a rest? What do I do?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because when a woman vents about something, 99% of the time, she is doing so
to just talk and not to get advice. To hear..
“Hope you get better soon. How did the headache happen? What else has
happened? Hmmm, I see, wow, it must have been diﬃcult today for you.”
Instead of…
“OK! Well here is solution A and B, and C and if you do this as well, but solution D is
better.”
She just wants to talk and give oﬀ steam as no fucker wants to listen to whining
anyway so she thought you’d be that nice guy to listen and ask how she is.
Tip for you if you ever in relationship..
When you’re partner complains about her hard day at work because of someone
acting asshole or boss is breathing down her neck, don’t give advice on what she
should have done. Instead listen, let her rant oﬀ, listen and then give a hug.
;)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

This nice guy let me borrow his jacket when I asked for it (I talk
to him sometimes). Does this mean he likes me or would you do
the same thing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Would I do that?
No, I wouldn’t except if I saw you freezing your ass oﬀ and I knew you at least but
it won’t be romantic or sexual.
He’s just being helpful.
It happens. Guys like to protect or like to give.
Especially if he’s Gemeni. They love giving stuﬀ, it’s their language, so he may
have a personality traite or upbringing that makes him do that and he feels good
about doing so.

Not because he’s interested romantically and sexually.
I do that with women I know cause they are freezing their asses oﬀ or it’s
chucking it down with rain and so I give them my umbrella and I buy one
somewhere else fast.
It happens.
It’s not a big deal.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

Did I turn him oﬀ? I met a guy I had been speaking to for over a
week and we got it oﬀ straight away. We met in person for the
ﬁrst time and there was a lot of sexual tension. It went ﬁne but
now he’s being so aloof.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was sexual tension. You didn’t mention “we had sex.”
When you ramp up sexual tension then you are both moving into the seduction
phase, i.e. sex but that didn’t happen.
The moment that doesn’t happen, then the ﬁre will go down so fast and he will
now wonder what is going on. He will wonder if this is done on purpose, if you’re
misleading him or if you’re not that attracted to him.
So what happened is lots of - non-verbal cues and you know by now, a man these
days will not intiate sex, because he doesn’t want to then hear claims of sexual
assault because..
“Oh I gave him a blow job but I wasn’t comfortable”
“I didn’t say no because felt uncomfortable and he should have read my mind.”
So he didn’t go further and when he didn’t and he saw you not going further, he
now believes, you are not that into him.
Spark is gone.
He is in doubt.
He’s not certain that you’re attracted to him anymore. So now he’s pulling back
and will act aloof.
Have a talk with him. Don’t just let it be.
Communicate not to judge him or yourself but to get the communication away
from non-verbal and more open direct communication.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a hot guy for casual sex without coming oﬀ as a
slut?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You never come oﬀ as a slut, a whore, too easy because slut, whore, too easy is
someone else’s social programming, conditioning, perception, their thoughts and
so you are asking how do you control their mind. You can’t.
You learn to go where the guys who have already got in their mind, there is no
such thing as a slut, a whore, too easy, and every other label society is vomited on
and dictated with.

You decide who you are and if the other person prejudges, that’s their problem
not yours. Why do you even want to bother even going further with a guy who
thinks like that anyway?
You’ll have a far richer experience if you date guys who already mature, who do
not follow the norm view, who do not follow the pack and who already in the
mindset that no such thing as slut, whore and too easy.
So ask him.
Or are you going to live your life like most women, always fearing what someone
thinks of you?
It’s a sad and shit way of living.
As you get older you’re going to realise people forget you very fast and all that
worry about what others thinks will mean nothing because they got their own
shit to deal with.
You’ll realise no one is even thinking about you.
You walk away and you’re like a person who never existed but it is you who carries
all these emotional fears and thought in your head for a while because you are
pumped up to hope you get validated the way you want.
Like controlling the outcome.
You can’t control the outcome. You can only just ask and then you assess if they
even worth the time to go further.
So ask and that is all you got control of and being upfront on what you want
without non-verbal cues.
Ask for what you want.
Build rapport in ﬁrst 5–10 mins. Be fun, let him see you’re personality, use
physical touch. Then lean forward, and let him feel your skin on his, and in a
sweet tone voice whisper….
“I think you’re hot……and…..I want to have sex with you…”
Empower yourself.
This is your world as anyone else’s.
If anyone can judge you, you can judge them and ﬁlter them out of your view to
meet someone else.
Ask for what you want.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my ex act so casual towards me after breaking up
with me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because he is not your boyfriend anymore. He has no expectations about you
anymore. He realised those expectations will never happen with you and so, he
threw them back in the grave and moved on.
He now sees you nothing more than some girl he is familiar with, some history
but anything sexual and romantic, or any of those dumb games he had to go
through when dating doesn’t exist.
In other words, for most of us guys, we live in the real world.

It’s casual because we have not one expectation regarding ex.
She had that time, moment, and it didn’t work out for whatever reason.
There is no point and so he doesn’t give a shit if he says this and that and you get
oﬀended, or start complaining about it.
In other words, it’s over, you’re history and just someone he knows and talks to to
ﬁll in his time. You’re like one of the million girls out there but one who had the
opportunity to make it work, it didn’t work, it’s done, ﬁnished and so now, any
expectations of you ever being that girl, is done, ﬁnished, over.
He can now see whatever he pleases and if you don’t like, well, your problem. It’s
just casual, no big deal, nothing romantic or sexual, and probably you is hoping
and hanging on hope that there is something of a new start.
No, it’s done. He’s not that bothered.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

My ex told me she misses me, but when I told her we could get
together and be ourselves to see where things go, she didn’t
reply. Should I reach out to her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You fell for that, hook, line and sinker.
It’s all about attention. Getting her validation energy from you and she knows one
thing about you.
You…haven’t…moved on.
You just told her that by falling for her pathetic shit test.
So here’s my advice.
1. No more texting back and talking. Get busy. You’re not her therapist.
2. Let her know you moved on and not talk about missing you again. You’re
not interested hearing that shit.
3. Set your boundaries
4. If she continues breaking these boundaries, block her number and
delete.
5. Now move on and approach someone else.
Because she’s playing you like a cat and you is…the mouse.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that I can be doing my very best and look my best but
no one seems to notice me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because looking your best is very diﬀerent than investing time to get over
yourself and make connections with other people. There’s tons of people doing
things to get atention, to get validation and they are in my opinion a waste of time
because they are all about themselves.
The world doesn’t evolve around you.
You need to meet the world and say hello because let’s face it, just because a
woman or man looking whatever way, means nothing to anyone else.

What value does that bring to someone else? You need to bring value to the table
than “oh look at me, hello, give me attention!”
Real life is not a snapchat or an instagram, or facebook likes.
You walk up to someone and say ‘hi,’ and make a connection to create the
meaning.
You are not making connections but trying to get validated due to how you look
and dress.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my boyfriend barely text me when at work? I initiate
and he replies, I always call just to know if he has eaten or how
work is and he answers but has never done the same with me.
Should I stop?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

And that’s why we break up and move on to ﬁnd women who don’t act like our
sisters or mothers but rather our lover who respects our freedom. A sexy, hot,
ﬂirtatious and a woman who understands the diﬀerence from loving and
attention seeking.
Yes. Stop and do it now.
He’s at work and your causing a nuisance doing all this. It’s needy and very
clingy. Find yourself a job or get busy and stop being his mother.
You’re probably sending him crazy as it is.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Will I die a virgin because of how ugly I am?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Many guys like yourself who think it’s just their look but it’s always the same
pattern, and when after some work they are killing it but it takes work. It takes 1
year not to go after women but to ﬁrst eliminate a lot of shit in their head, and
begin the real work of detaching from outcome.
I know for example a few guys who to society standard are below average and
they took about 2 years because they were deeply socially conditioned. I was also
going to say to take their money because I just can’t be assed with people who just
don’t just apply and trust the process, and always coming back after one or two
experiences and they are making it a big deal.
No, you won’t die a virgin but you probably will out of stress you’re causing
yourself.
You’re in your head too much.
Yes, looks matter but I’ve proven time and time again, even an average looking
guy if he gets his shit together can attract and have awesome romantic and hot
kinky sexual experiences with attractive women. He can have relationships and
even multiple if he’s not monogamous, and even succeed in other areas of his life.
This specialised knowledge and skill can change a person’ life to a whole new
level but it’s not for then lazy, for the ones who won’t apply and who come with
glass half full.
You have empty the cup to be ready to move forward because it’s already tough
for me to share years of knowledge so time is of essence.

You are focusing on one thing and because you focus on one thing, you cannot
increase your averages but by combining all, because you need to, then you can
increase your averages ﬁve times and more.
It’s all perceive value, status.
Let me give you an example but look at it in not high like this.
You see Beyounce. You see Jaz.
Jay Z is not good looking at all to standards of society today.
But you see he is equal in social value with Beyounce.
If he was not and was living in a estate, one bedroom ﬂat doing beats in his yard,
and no record deal and no big money, and no fame, she wouldn’t even give a fuck
about him.
And if she is not in his level of social value then he won’t give a damn about her
either.
But he is in her world and she is in his - his social value is high and even higher
than she is even if beyounce sells bucket loads of music and is seen as a star
celebrity in the music industry
Now you need to see that in your world in knowing how to create your own
perceived value in world you are in, in world girls are in and build it to higher
social value status than the women you desire to date.
This is specialised knowledge and skill.
It sounds easy to do but it is not. You really need to know what you’re doing and
many guys don’t. You need to learn a lot of knowledge and gain skills for this but
it must ﬁrst start with you understanding that as a Man, you don’t see what you
oﬀer as your look alone.
It is far more and that is why we got the edge.
Bad boys know this well, we know how to create it and know how to use it, and we
know how to keep it as well.
Don’t look at your face and think it’s all about that.
There’s far more going on than you can imagine when it comes to attraction. Yes,
looks do matter, but if you’re ot hot looking, you do not play by the same rules of
social norms.
Fuck social norms and yes, fuck the bullshit advice most men and women give.
You cannot use their way. You’ll lose always.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Johaun Allen

Why do only the famous guys get asked out by girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s why = status.
Attraction is when these women feel that your social value is equal to or greater
than hers (Attraction).
So a man who is famous to a woman who is not, is higher in social value than she
is. He is higher in the social ladder in her perception.
So she will be pulled hard to approach him while she wouldn’t do as much work if
it was a guy who isn’t famous.

It’s in the DNA = survival.
Think of it like this..
Why do you think many parents want their children to study at renowned
universities?
Why do football players want to play in the best football team?
Why do graduates want to work in the best and bigger companies and has a well
known name?
Why do people chase celebrities and even want to take photos of them and plaster
it on their instagram and facebook page?
Because they want a share of the social value power which they then use for their
own world for…social…proof, which helps them get what their want from their…
social…group.
Yes. this is where many girls fuck up big time and so do guys, because they fall for
the Halo Eﬀect and do not see many red ﬂags until it is too late.
And if you think they’ll stop when they fuck up once, forget it. It’s far more
complex in psychological and biological terms than that.
In that world, if she doesn’t take action now, many girls will and she sees this
value before her eyes as women do approach this guy, ﬂirt with him, hover
around him, trying to get his attention.
She also will lose the share of power she can use to increase her own social status,
to use in her world, with her friends and even with other guys, and even use it to
get another guy and move up in the social ladder.
Status is King, always.
In other social groups the social value will be diﬀerent but it is still there. Maybe
it’s he’s a Bad Boy so she knows she can get a wild sexual experience and not just
sex because he knows what to do but also, he is seen s stronger of the other guy
due tohis behaviour, he cannot be controlled by social peers, he’s decisive, he
cannot be controlled and she likes that in a guy.
Problem is she tries that now and he dumps her ass because she thought her
pussy, ass and looks will be the power to control him. Not so. Bad boys love
freedom and so if she is freedom he’ll stay with her but if she is not, he has no use
for her because he has left that world. He’s not interested in her social norm
beliefs and traditional way of thinking.
In other social groups it can be he has a PHD or ﬁnancial stability, more than
others and for some it is combination.
It’s all about status. It is the king no matter what social group is. That he is
perceived of higher social value than she is or of equal.
That she can get a share of his social power to use for herself in her world as well.
It is known as Perceived value.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Anirudh Ashok Anand

How do I explain to my boyfriend that I'm losing interest in
him, without hurting him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s already feeling hurt.

You think guys don’t feel the vibe?
Of course we do. We know already know something is up and we resent you for it
because your behaviour becomes toxic. You hold back, you don’t show aﬀection
or we know it’s fake because we feel it.
You probably do all the games where you start saying things like how he hs too
much expectations, that you’re not that girl, or you start creating drama and
making even smallest things big. Maybe even use anything so he does the
breaking up which we call self sabotage.
Making a guy feel confused, doubting himself and wondering what’s going on, if
it’s his fault and all those silly gas lighting games to drive him nuts to grow to hate
you and make the move to break up.
Yes, we guys seen this shit enough times and we know it’s pattern. Maybe for him
he’s new to it but he feels the vibe. It’s how the experienced of us can smell
bullshit of a woman a mile oﬀ.
We could write a book on the games and things most do.
If you don’t do it, he will if he has high self esteem and conﬁdence in himself. I’ve
done that myself before but ﬁnd out later, the girl matures and realises, she made
a big mistake and starts apologising but it’s too late.
That experience leaves a bad taste.
If you want to have this bridge still there, you need to be honest and also, the
silent treatment or half assed texting, or communication face to face is not on
either. No matter what excuses you got.
He’s already hurting, he knows already something is up. Your behaviour seems
hidden but he notices a lot more than you think.
You are in the abyss.
It is a place where you won’t take action and he won’t take action because you’re
scared of the conﬂict.
You’re stuck and he is hurting, and he will grow to resent you and probably hate
you if you keep this up.
End this fast and forget all this, “let’s be friends.”
Don’t bullshit him and leave him alone to heal. He needs time, a year maybe,
depending how far he is into you.
He can feel something is wrong.
Sort it out fast because you think relationship is about always being exciting,
always in love, always got to feel attraction but do nothing about it yourself. You
haven’t the experience or maturity to know how to keep the ﬁre going. Yes, it’s
knowledge and it is a skill.
Chemistry doesn’t just happen like most people tell you. It is a process and if you
don’t know the process, you will do nothing and it dwindles and you think “oh my
interest is going.”
No, it’s not your interest is going.
It’s you don’t know what you’re doing to keep the ﬁre going. There’s lots to do, lots
to explore but you didn’t learn that in your world. You learned it’s all about
attraction, and when it goes, it means love is gone.
Guess what?

It happens in every damn relationship until you realise,
“Oh, I get it now. We have to stop making it routine, and apply other things as well,
learn together, explore, build on what we have and make it explode sky high! How
come no one ever taught me about this?”
No one did because it doesn’t make money. It doesn’t sell books. How it really
works doesn’t sell movies. It doesn’t make life exciting but boring. It doesn’t
make you feel special and diﬀerent. It doesn’t sound amazing when you tell it
how it is and how it really works. It doesn’t further organisations or movements
agenda but being a victim does because mostly everyone thinks they are one.
It doesn’t attract solve problems but attracts people who want like to tell women
they are weak, pathetic, victims and everything is gender issue and what it also
doesn’t do is solve a shit load of problems but make more problems, and more
problems makes a lot of headlines, headlines make people talk, get distracted and
it makes a ton of money for someone’s book.
So you got to ﬁgure it out yourself as no one else will especially anyone who says
they speak for women, men, genders and so on.
No, they can fuck oﬀ because they don’t give a shit about you or me, or anyone
else but their own agenda. You got to ﬁgure it out yourself how it works but one
thing for sure - it doesn’t just happen?
You think I am in multiple relationships for last 18 years because of ﬂukes and
luck?
Attraction doesn’t keep going only when you invest building on what you got.
When that feeling goes, then it means you now need to work on deeper things
than infatuation or what is known as the Halo Eﬀect
End it and move on and forget “let’s be friends,” crap.
You’ll hurt him even more with stringing him along with hope.
12.3k Views · View Upvoters

I’m seeing a guy, but that guy always keeps talking about his exgirlfriends? Whenever he talks about his ex, it reminds me of
my ex too. It seems like we love our exes more than we love each
other. How do we even fall in love with each other?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, I’ll not even bother. I’ll break it up and move on.
Imagine, you take your time out, you sit with someone, and all they do is talk
about someone else. You’re right in front of them and yet, they are not even
seeing the person in front of them, who took time, energy out of their life to meet.
How would you feel?
You’d feel shit. You’d feel like that person is stuck, cannot be trusted, looks like
they are emotionally stuck in past and best get them packing to go back to their
fucking ex. Might as well if they keep on and on about their ex.
Find someone else.
Someone mature, grown and understands what is far more important, like
focusing on you as you focus on him because this is toxic habit. It brings no
beneﬁt to your relationship at all.
You’re picking up some shit habits dating this guy and you’ll not grow with him
because he is not growing. He’s stuck in the past. He hasn’t healed and he

probably still talking to his ex, or stalking her and if she says…
“Hi” he’ll run to her.
Is that the type of guy you want?
Time to communicate to him how you feel and let him know it’s time to move on
and if he can’t, best you both go your separate ways.
I know it’s harsh but that’s a big red ﬂag for you.
Find someone else who got his head and emotions screwed right and focuses on
you because it’s not on, you take time from your life and he is on and on about his
ex and then you go oﬀ thinking about your ex too, and both of you are now at it.
It’s toxic. You both need to move on.
Find someone who brings out growth because he’s not that guy who will.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sravz Charming

Will men eventually lose all their power (privilege,
relationships, jobs) to women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
In Hollywood movies, Comics, Novels and social media rantings but in real life,
meh, forget it. In real life, you go and create your fortune instead of waiting for it
to be giving to you.
Like this woman here…

You don’t see her whining about men giving her power. She goes and gets what
she wants and challenges even the modern day feminist who by the way can’t
stand her because she cannot be fooled by their rants and be emotionally bribed
by the third wave feminist tactics…

1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do men treat women with no value, like they don't care
and feel nothing for any of us? I see this all the time these days.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You then only see this….

They are but your experiences and it’s loaded with your upbringing, your
psychology, your reality, your assumptions, perception, where you are in life,
type of connections you have, values, and the psychological script in your head
which are reinforced by your behaviour.
What we call the story.
So for example, let’s say you got low self esteem, something about your looks, you
have this idea men suppose to approach you because in doing so it can validate
your beauty but…..you behave in a way in which your script tells you men are all
bad, predators, evil and you then behave in a manner of always with
prejudgement, prodding, testing, closed oﬀ, avoid showing vulnerability, nonverbal communication, prodding, testing to create the predictable outcome.
The outcome is the guy seems to not care but he has no clue if you’re attracted to
him or not. He doesn’t know a thing how you feel and you haven’t said a thing to
him regarding it. He becomes confused as well if he was because you are acting
aloof.
You need that validation real bad.
So when you do that then you judge some more and see him as someone who
doesn’t give a dam and even call him in your mind, an asshole, that you don’t
care too but really that is only the fear of “what if.”
God forbid, he mentions the deadly word - SEX!
‘OMG! All men are the same!”
You don’t want to ask what if because what if needs someone to challenge your
perception, the cultural programming, the belief and the way you see yourself
not just men.
This is really about your insecurities, your low self esteem, your lack of action to
know how to make connection with many men who do care.
It is that small tiny window that’s fuzzy, lots of mud on it and you can only see a
tiny view of the big wide world ﬁlled with billions of people which includes men.
If I heard a woman say that, I’d run a mile from her because what women says
men don’t care and what man says a women don’t care.
To me they are going to do lots of games, feel entitled and they do not even make
the eﬀort of truly connecting for the right reasons, if they connect at all because

it’s really all about their story, about their game in their head, and they got to, yes,
got to make that predictable outcome.
They got to because they want their world…to be..predictable.
It’s comfortable to be predicabke.
It’s comfortable to act as a victim.
It’s comfortable to say men, which means ALL men.
When they do connect it is non-verbal, it is ambiguous, it is gamey and this
attract the needy like themselves, the players of transactional games like
themselves, the insecure like themselves, the ones who want lots of validation
like themselves. The play hard to get, the agenda setter to proof somet8hign
about something, and not really to connect.
It is not predictable to be vulnerable, to let go of old habits, of expanding one’s
own horizon because doing so means they got to step out of their comfort zone.
Conﬁdent men know when someone is not conﬁdent, when someone is toxic,
when someone see the world in a way they do not want be part oﬀ. It’s
emotionally exhausting. They’ve been there already and they don’t want it
anymore in their life.
So yes, the way a person is and says, and behaves can push a lot of good people
who care because a lot of people who care had enough of people acting like a
victim. We see it everyday.
It’s predictable.
You don’t see the bigger picture….

You are only looking at creating your ‘predictable outcome’ which has already
been decided in your mind and you seek information , you seek media, you seek
support from same mindset of people, you act the role for it, you chose the game
for it, before you ever met a man, to make what you want to see as the only thing
you see.
Hence, emotional bias.
This here..

Now do some men don’t care?
Yes, some do.
Some women as well.
But that didn’t stop me meeting men who care as it didn’t stop me meeting
women who care.
895 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Cassia Pereira

What does a guy mean when he says he wouldn't break up with
you if you were to date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Drum roll……
In his non ballsy passive weak ass way is saying he wants to date you. He fears
rejection and so he’s doing the bullshit non-verbal crappy way.
896 Views · View Upvoters

When a woman you are dating does not answer when you ask
her out/change the subject, but tells you that she wants to see
you? Should I move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, move on.
These are games most women play. Avoid being passive aggressive and fall for
that nonsense. It is far better you decline to meet because if she is not giving you
a straight answer and saying she’d like to meet you. she is being nice, to avoid
conﬂict and awkwardness.
I am going to give you an example how fucked up it can go…
Remember this name..
Aziz Ansari.
Remember how non verbal cues and not being direct and getting not getting
direct answers can lead you to be wth women who fuck you up and puts you in
stupid situations because a woman does not know how to lead but act stupid and
ambiguous.
If a woman is not direct in answering Yes, take it as a no, even if she says
something about meeting.
In other words, she has failed the qualifying process and you should strike her
out of ever asking her again and move on.
She’s playing the standby card, hypergamy….still looking for something “better to
come along” and use you for emotional support and increasing her status for
other guys to see.
Move on.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a guy texts, “Goodnight you”?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. That you got a bed
2. It’s night
3. You sleep on that bed
4. So good night.
But what it really means, is you want it to mean so much more ;)
2k Views · View Upvoters

If a sexist woman could experience what it was like to be a man,
what is the most important lesson that she would learn?

 https://www.quora.com/If-a-sexist-man-could-experience-what-it-was-like-to-be-a-woman-…
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She asked,”Hey, how did I fail you?”
He replied, “You desire to know,for real, do you?”
“Yes,” she said, “tell me, how I failed you”
In the world I am in I can only wear one face
I cannot wear the others or the world will judge and disgrace
I have the face of emotional and the face of fear
The face of not wanting to compete anymore in any race
The face of loneliness and despair
The face where I weep when life is unfair
I have the face of love, empathy and yes, I do care
The face of vulnerability instead of always looking strong
The face of wanting to belong
I showed you one face and another, that makes two
But it only took these and what did you do
You punished with silent treatment - I saw a preview
Of how I can only wear one face even with you
Since you are the same as all that do
That’s why I have no need to be with you
I shall wear only this one face when I’m with you
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do people just randomly go up and talk to girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We do not fear woman or man
Nor social pressure to make us doubt
We neither question if, but and when
But our actions is what shouts
We are free and wild like an unconditioned child
We take risks like tomorrow is all we got
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken” this line is by oscar wild
Though it makes no sense right now, it counts for a lot.
We take each stride and own it
But most men forgot
That the world will make way make for you
If you’re man who has courage than just his cock
And if you think that you can because you got a dick
Then you’re still a little boy looking for some trick
It’s just this - I know who I am, do you?
Or are you like most, still haven’t got a damn clue
That you see people and put them on a pedestal above you
If you really knew
You’d do what we do
You’d not ask ‘how’
But “why not?”
You’d cut through
Slice through
The noise
Of your

Own
Making
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

I want to have sex and I trust my boyfriend, but I am horribly
scared. How do I overcome this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Communicate with your boyfriend the following in a loving way..
1. You love to have sex with him
2. You’re scared though
3. You want to ﬁrst do lots of none penetration like…
4. Lots of foreplay, touching, teasing, get use to each other
5. Do a lot of talking about sex with each other
6. Build the comfort between you both
In other words, it is not like Porn movies. Porn is not the reality and nor is erotic
novels. It’s just acting and stories.
You want to ﬁrst then create comfort with your own body.
You need to also do some work.
1. Get to know your body
2. Have an awesome bath with fragrance
3. Learn to also touch your body, breasts, all. Enjoy pampering yourself.
4. Masturbate, use lots of lubricant if you need to
5. Get to know your body
6. Read a lot about how to be sexually conﬁdent
7. Read to overcome any shame about sex as there is lots of social
conditioning that is pounding at everyone from very young age, from
upbringing, from social norms, mainstream, other women slut shaming
women and men also slut shaming men.
Communicate with your boyfriend and ﬁrst be comfortable by lots of foreplay,
take it slow and easy.
This will help you grow in conﬁdence and if he’s also understanding he’ll do lots
of foreplay with you and you with him.
Until you are ready done with the comfort stage, it’s a process, and it just
naturally clicks as you become like ﬁre, sexual tension is high and you know each
other well naked and the trust is there.
Create the mood, dim the lights low, put some music on in background, some
candle fragrance and create the atmosphere and mood.
Communicate your concerns is the key and also provide ideas with him on what I
said and explain why, reassuring him that you do want sex with him but you just
need to feel comfortable ﬁrst.
He’ll understand if he cares about you a lot and it’s not just about his dick.
Finally, don’t out so much expectations on sex like you got to be some goddess.
Please don’t do that. It really frustrates us guys when a woman acts all insecure,
because she thinks she has to be an expert in sex.

So don’t go oﬀ saying, ”OOoh you want me to be that perfect girl, blah blah..”
Because you get scared or feel you got to perform like a goddess. He ﬂirts to
arouse not so you be an expert in sex. He shares images, words not so you think
you need to be a master at it but to connect with you. He’s not doing it for you to
judge him and start acting like you can’t trust him.
It’s part of the process of creating sexual tension and it’s not easy to do because it
takes balls, courage for a man to show that kind of vulnerability when he knows
you can start mouthing oﬀ and judging him
Avoid the expectations to put pressure on yourself. Just enjoy the process leading
to sex. Keep communicating even when you’re having sex and help each other as
you both explore together. Sex isn’t some function but an experience two people
want to experience together. It’s very intimate.
Ensure you haven’t some fears you got to be a porn star.
Porn is acting.
It’s all scripted and it’s all planned way before, it’s just acting and diﬀerent to real
world. Real world is a lot of emotions, worries, and sex is a mess.
It doesn’t happen like the movies or porn videos.
Take responsibility of your own sexual conﬁdence. Read and learn to be
comfortable with your own body and mind.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is porn the best way to learn about sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Porn?
It is the worst place to ever use for learning about sex.
Porn is entertainment.
Porn is acting.
That’s all it is.
Porn doesn’t educate on many phases before sex and after, and so much more.
Porn can be great to watch with your lover but to use it to learn about sex, is the
worst you can do when learning about sex.
And don#t get me started with all these sex position books and sex books these
days because most of them are complete shit as well.
I have to write my own and illustrate it by hand due to the crap that’s out there. In
the real world, it doesn’t happen the way you see in these porn movies and
videos, and in these stupid, political correct bullshit sex books.
You’re best way…ﬁnd a person who is an amazing lover. Someone sexually
conﬁdent and experienced.
Stay away from “nice guys” and “good girls.”
You will learn fuck all from them about sex. You’ll be more insecure and confused
afterwards.
Find a lover who is very experienced and who makes you feel comfortable to have
sex with.
7 Views · View Upvoters

There is a girl I like. I asked her out, but she replied with a "no",
and we pretty much don't talk as much as before. I invited her
to an event (as a friend), and she keeps rejecting me. Does that
mean she doesn't even want to be friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, leave her alone.
Move on will you. Stop with trying to be her friend.
If you wanted to just be her friend then you needed to do that in the very
beginning without any intention for it being anything more.
She’s not interested in being anything with you and you are being needy,
desperate and chasing her trying to be friends.
She’s not interested associating with you. You’re also making her feel
uncomfortable.
It’s very clear.
She got her head screwed right. She doesn’t want drama and you right now is
drama. Move on and respect her wishes.
Go and make new friends and approach other girls. World full of people and
you’re chasing this one girl .
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Brian Xo

A guy rejected me saying that he’s not ready and that it is very
hard for him to like someone. However, when rejecting me, he
kept doing things like touching my face, pushing my hair away.
Is he just feeling guilty/nice, or interested?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why are you even letting a guy touch your face?
I can never understand this crap. He’s touching your face, pushing your hair away
like he’s fucking romeo and you is juliet and after he rejected you!
He’s not your boyfriend and all the other guys are seeing this and so, no guy is
going to approach you, because you’re acting like he’s your boyfriend and you’re
his girlfriend.
It doesn’t matter why he does it.
He’s rejected you. So now you need to make it clear - hands oﬀ then, as he said no,
so no touching you. He had his chance to get to know you in that way. No
romantic or sexual, because he’s not your boyfriend.
Set your boundaries and get your shit together.
This is one of the reasons why guys don’t approach many girls.
They think you are already dating someone by your behaviour with guys. They
think you already have a boyfriend. They see this as you and him ﬂirting
together.
This is ﬂirting. Sub communication and he’s playing you and you love validation
so much, you let him do it.
It’s not diﬃcult to understand why guys won’t approach you if you let some guy
who rejected you to do this.

Tell him to not touch and mind your space. Sort your priorities out if you don’t
want to stay single for the rest of your life.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Denise

Well this girl that I have been texting complained that I never
text her anymore, but she tends to take hours to reply back to
my texts. So what does this mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, the guy she was chasing dumped her ass and she has ran out of guys
who will give her attention, so she acts like a victim to you to hook you right back
in so you can emotionally invest time with someone who isn’t as passionately
attracted to you as you are to her.
She’s not entitled to anything.
You don’t have to do anything or reply to her.
If a girl did that I’d tell her to go and fuck herself.
They think they are clever but guaranteed, she was texting some guys like a
Covert Narcissist, and it all fell through and so she is back to see if she can suck
your time away as well.
To screen out attention seekers, ask them out, and you’ll see who they are really
are. They’ll ﬂake like a ﬁsh running away scared under a rock, acting all awkward,
and pretending they didn’t see your text or replies she doesn’t see you in that
way.
Next time, don’t take a girl’s number you are attracted to until you have been
direct about your intent and get a Yes. Or you’re wasting time. They’ll use you for
emotional support and like her, to boost her self esteem.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Who pays for dinner on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about being a decent human being?
What do decent human beings do with one another?
They treat each other with respect.
So we grow the fuck up is what we all do and be decent human beings.
Pay our share, take away the burden from someone else, show compassion, show
why they need to see you again, show how diﬀerent you are to everyone else who
loves using labels and gender issue as some excuse to win some battle.
Or at least oﬀer.
If your integrity is only worth a meal and a drink, you’ll make a big deal out of
and say it;s all about being chivalrous.
Another human being is looking for something greater - that the other person is
at least willing to try to be civil, polite and kind.
They are looking for a connection.
Make the connection.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What are your thoughts on men telling women not to wear
makeup?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends.
What’s the dynamic of the relationship?
1. Is he co-worker
2. Is he friend
3. Is he the postman
4. Is he the lover
And if if he is the lover, what is the dynamics of that relationship.
For example..
I say to my lovers what to wear and yes, they do ask me because their heads are
not up their asses in making it a big deal.
They take my opinion seriously.
So they ask and they love it when I answer.
They also ask about their dress too and colours of what they wear. They also ask
about the shoes they are buying. They ask would this be alright for this party or
for this event.
That’s our dynamics and how we roll.
If a woman said to them “I won’t ever let a man even my lover to tell me”
Wrong type of woman to say that to.
My lovers will reply “I didn’t ask for your opinion. Did I?”
We have this cool rule. We don’t let the world into our world. We know the wold is
full of shit, playing politics, double standards and what people say and what they
do behind doors and in certain situations is entirely diﬀerent. Very diﬀerent.
It’s about..
Context. Dynamics.
Any woman who says they don’t wear for other men, that’s their opinion but my
lovers do wear because of their man and want to look hot for their man.
You didn’t wear whatever when you went to school, with all your ra ra about it’s
your body and face. You was told what to wear.
You wear what the corporate tell you is allowed for you to wear when coming to
work. Some are very strict on this matter.
If it’s a franchise, you’re going to wear what he brand tells you to wear or no deal.
Move on. Ra ra about “it’s my body” elsewhere. They are within their rights to do
so.
You don’t go to interview thinking you can wear whatever either. You want the job
then you’re not only got have a CV kicking ass, you better dress to impress too to
show you understand the culture of that companies.
You wear to impress the interview panel and show you understand their social
corporate dynamics.
Context. Dynamics.

1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the ﬁrst thing you notice in a woman?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Ass
2. Breasts
3. Legs
4. Face
5. Overall curves
6. Personality when conversing
Women magazine will probably say..
“He sees your personality ﬁrst, shining like a beacon.”
The white knight will say..
“It is your eyes, how they shine like the stars in the sky.”
But take it from Bad Boys, we have nothing to lose to say how it is but hey, if you
want to live in la la land, be my guest.
It’s the Ass.
18.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't girls date the nerdy shy guys in high school?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s the Moth eﬀect…

The Nerds avoid ﬂying towards the light.
They think the light is too good for them. They believe the light is too scary. They
believe if they go to the light they’ll get burnt.
They fear the light will fade away before they reach it and everyone around them
will blame them for the light going oﬀ,
They do things for acceptance, approval = validation.

The light is the world full of women
So they stay in the dark, in the shadows which is their comfort zone. It’s cozy in
the dark. It doesn’t hurt to be in the dark as much the way it does if they step out
into the light. It hurts their eyes.
They are not used to ﬂying out into the light.
In other words…they never ask girls out.
They fear rejection like it’s the plague.
If they do and get rejected then it is like a story for the rest of their life about one
girl. It will take them 10–20 years and in those year they are still thinking about
this one girl. They are still telling the story of this one girl. They are still hoping
she remembers and will change her mind after 10–20 years.
So go forth into the light ;)
You will meet many moths there but only if you constantly go towards the light
and keep asking, moving from one moth to another.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are your best turn ons?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is your biggest turn on?

1. Sexually conﬁdent women who sees being a slut, whore, slave and to her
Master and all the wild dirty she can be is natural and nothing to be
ashamed about, and more of a middle ﬁnger at societies rules dictating
her.
2. And they out there, as a doctor, nurse, engineer, coder for a website
company, artist, and no one…knows…except me and my lovers.
The Biggest turn on, is - while they act masculine out there, but when they are
with me they in slave submissive position, face down, ass up waiting for my
command.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

How should I react when my boyfriend says he wasn't attracted
to me in the beginning of our relation and only made out with
me so I wouldn’t feel bad?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am trying to understand why on earth you are still calling him -my boyfriend?
You know you can do better than this.
I have a feeling he and you are young and for sure, he’s not there yet, mature.
When you’re young, no matter guy or girl, there is a lot of growing to do,
maturing, and he’ll grow to regret saying stupid stuﬀ like that.
I’m sure many of us have been there saying immature shit like that and seeing
how we take someone for granted.
People like that don’t learn if you are not strong yourself to show they cannot take
you for granted, and have the door shut on their face for good. People don’t
realise how they were alone and found someone, and then they think it was so
easy for such connections to happen.

But it doesn’t matter. This is the present, now, this moment and you know you
can do better than this.
Let him know he can’t talk shit like that to you.
You end it and do not give him a second chance either. End it and keep your
boundaries strong or people like that never learn.
They only learn the hard way.
When they take you for granted, thinking how ﬁnding someone is easy, thinking
that such a miracle happened in you ﬁnding each other happens every fucking
day, then it’s time to show them the reality.
They never learn only in the hard way.
I guarantee you when you do this it will knock the stuﬃng out of him and if you
stick to your guns and ﬁnd better, he’ll deﬁnitely realise and learn to not take it
likely when you ﬁnd someone.
He only has to be alone for a few days or weeks to out to ﬁnd how it’s not easy to
date in these times we live in.
It is really shit out there. People today are so fucked up with games, non-verbal
communication, to bumping into parasites called Narcissists, to all kinds of
people who just…well…not altogether in their head.
He has a lot of growing up to do and he’s not going to learn if you’re still saying
“he’s my boyfriend.”
It’s your choice but if you’re thinking that’s the best you can do and nothing out
there for you, you’re wrong. If you think talking is going to do it, forget it. He’s not
there. He’s taking you for granted
It’s not a small matter.
It’s time to end it and he takes his sorry ass back where her came from.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Liz

What would you do if playing hard to get had the opposite eﬀect
on your love interest and they started seeing someone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men have feelings too.
Most women don’t realise that. When you make it harder for a guy especially in
these times, a guy will feel hurt, rejected, and most of all, taken for granted. It
leaves a very deep painful feeling and it now exists in his memory.
He put trust with you, being vulnerable with you and you threw it right back on
his face with those games.
You need to now grow up and avoid doing these games and any games again.
You cannot ﬁx this.
It’s broken now.
Trust takes time to build but it only takes one stupid move or repeated toxic
behaviour, in teasing a guy negatively and doing it to his face, in seconds the trust
crumbles right before your eyes.
There is nothing you can do now because he is with someone else.

You’ve hurt him. You’ve played games with his emotions. You’ve teased in the
most downright toxic way and that behaviour only attracts other toxic type of
guys and he now believes this is how it be with you in the future.
You see how that works?
If a woman behaves with these games, if she holds back, if she doesn’t show
vulnerability, if she tries to belittle him, if she throws compliments back at his
face, if she says she doesn't trust him, if she tries to compete in letting him see
she is ﬂirting with guys to get him jealous, if communicating with her is diﬃcult,
if she is acting aloof and awkward, if she does not show aﬀection back, if she uses
sex as a carrot to dangle, if she acts like some fake ass feminist being all entitled
and bashing men, if she takes him for granted…
The man evaluates her behaviour and he will see this is who you are for real and
how you will behave with him when in a seriously long-term relationship.
Next time, be honest.
You could have won his heart completely by showing aﬀection, focusing your
attention on him and you, and spending time igniting the ﬁre to capture his
emotions and light up his imagination on how incredible, sexy, hot, amazing the
future would be with you.
You could have shown him you are diﬀerent than the rest of women many men
meet who do these things.
In other words..
You have been weighed
You have been measured
You have been found wanting
You have lost in your own web of deceit and game. He wasn’t playing a game. You
was and doing so against yourself, for your ego and your pride.
You cannot ﬁx this with him.
He’s moved on.
Just take it as a lesson, grow up, be honest, authentic and leave these
transactional games alone.
12.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when your girl wants you to compete for
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her - Hey I’m not easy, you know
Me - No one is easy. Every human being is fucked up and hard
Her- What I mean is, erm, you know, act aloof, chase me
Me- Oh you mean compete for you?
Woman - Yes
Me - Ok.
Two weeks go by and calls me on phone
Her - Hey, erm how come you haven’t text and called me?
Me - I was busy competing
Her - How?
Me - By having another woman who is easier to get along with

Her - WTF? But I didn’t mean that
Me - I know but you said compete, so I did and found someone better

It means she’s a head case, attention seeking, low self esteem and loves the drama
to feel she is special.
RUN!
Don’t look back and run.
11.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy friend says "you don't need
anyone, you have me"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the context.
He may mean…
1. Hey, it’s going to be ok. I got your back
2. Hey, don’t worry about others. You got me
3. Whenever you feel down, I’m here
4. I’m here for you even if others are not
5. I got all you need,love, time, emotional support. What else can world
oﬀer which I already got.
6. I love you and I just want you to know I’m serious about you. I’m here
whenever you want to talk.
Now for someone it can mean..
1. He’s jealous
2. He’s possessive
3. He’s scared
4. He’s controlling
Depends who you are, how you see that person and who the person is. We can
only assume the intent of the person.
Only way to know is ask the person who said it.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Berakah Berry

What is the meaning of this: she's always silent with me, I'm the
one how makes eﬀorts. But yesterday I saw her enjoying with
her ex, he was silent and she was the one who speaks?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s not that into you.
You’re the emotional support guy, just to be there for status, to make her ex think
she has status, to hook him back in.
Time to listen to feed back of life and let her know, it’s the end of the line.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can a man get bored of a woman and not attached to her
instead?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Believe me, there are lot of women who are boring. They can be cold,
awkwardness, shit at seduction, have non clue of ﬂirting and take things
seriously. They cannot relax and show vulnerability.
And then we got the acting of being entitled.
You expect a man to get attached when you hold back, playing safe, judging him
by your behaviour, like he’s a player, or he “wants me just for sex.”
Of course a man is not going to get attached with that kind of talk, thinking and
behaviour and yes, we can detect the vibe when it’s like that.
If a woman acts cold, if she isn’t trying, acting distant, aloof, then she needs to
stop doing that and open up to the man.
The other part is, if a woman is all about her life, about her world, about her
interest and about what she cannot give blah blah blah, and it’s all about her,
well, that’s not going to help either.
You want to penetrate the heart of man?
It takes vulnerability.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why would an ex-boyfriend leave or run when he sees you after
he dumped you? Does it mean he regrets it or he feels guilty?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He doesn’t want to talk to you. He doesn’t want drama. He wants to avoid conﬂict
and most of all…awkwardness.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I told this girl I had a crush on her but she didn’t feel the same
way, after 3 weeks she is now more personal and open with me,
does this mean anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Avoid assuming. She said no and yet you kept orbiting with her hoping she’ll
change her mind. That’s how girls waste your time.
You want to know, be direct with her because for all you know, she is wasting your
time, to get emotional support from you. You’re letting her do this when you
should have walked away and moved on.
You haven’t any boundaries and letting her think she can go ahead and have you
invest time, your resources when you can spend it elsewhere with someone who
is attracted to you and is willing to put time in to date and get to know you
through dating you.
So if you don’t want to be a doormat, set your boundaries and spend more time
on someone who is as passionate as you are in them to date not someone who
says no, and then thinks she can use your time like you’re some free ride.
Be clear. Be direct,
Many girls love attention.

You’re her self esteem booster.
She said no.
Move on and let her know you’ve moved on.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How dark is your life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dark enough to enjoy the moment the light penetrates all that is false like
lightening spears from Valhalla.
But not so far where you cannot imagine and feel the golden gates of Asgard open
for you.
Long enough to know there is no greater justice and peace than death itself. Wise
enough to know, only fools curse the dark because we are made of it and all
human beings have dark in them too not just the good.
And smart enough to know, no man shall ever become great if he cannot face his
own darkness and the demons of others and no one can rise from the embers of
their struggles if they act victims because no problem is unique or special.
We all have problems, we all have lost someone, we all regret, we all are
disappointed about something or someone. The earth is full of heartache and so
that is the sign for the wise that we are not alone.
What proﬁt shall the world gain and those around me and of my life, if all I do is
walk in this world ﬁlled with pity and acting the role of a victim when we can be
the hero of our own stories.
The greatest act, the greatest role is not in the screen or novels but it is in our own
life.
Decide then what role you decide and know, the heroes of Valhalla. wait to sing
your bravery and the gates of Asgard is only open to the brave ones of honor and
all, woman, man are welcome, if you are of the brave. If you are truly of the brave.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would any mother have sex with her son’s friends?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she’s a human being before she is a mother. She has desires, wants,
needs, emotions and feelings. She’s not a robot to switch all emotions because
she’s a mother.
I hope he is of legal consent age but apart from that, she’s a human being like
everyone else, and attraction isn’t a choice. A woman can be attracted to a man
older than her or younger than her, to her son’s friend and so on.
I don’t know why you’re even surprised about it.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I am guy. My previous relationship failed 3 years ago. Is it weird
if I still remember everything about my ex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not weird at all.

It’s more about when a human being goes through pain, emotions are connected
to it as well as…memory. It is now stored in your long-term memory and so of
course, you’ll remember many things in previous relationship with your ex.
It’s just is what it is. A memory of experience stored in your long term memory.
See it also not as failure but as a learning process. You know, you take chances in
life, take risks and not everything is going to end up successful or in the way you
want but you can start again, take the lessons with you and move on to grow.
I’m sure there things it opened your eyes to a lot of things about women, about
dating, relationship, what is more important to look for. Lessons that can help
you in the present and future with someone else you meet along the way.
So yes, it’s natural to still remember your ex and really a lot of things as well
regarding the relationship.
1k Views · View Upvoters

This 12-13 year old kept staring at me the whole time while I was
waiting my turn at the barbershop and this really creeped me
out, why was she doing it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Curious.
As we grow to adults we are still curious but conditioned not to show it.
She isn’t that conditioned…ye…and…was curious and so it’s natural for her to do
so. Until she grows up like most women, scared, terriﬁed of the world, concerned
what someone says and how it may look weird, and do what most women do.
Turn their head the moment they see you have noticed.
920 Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with a guy that 'forgets' he planned a date with
you just two hours before and never calls to cancel?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would not bother with him. Immediately block and delete his number. He’s not
worth your time and day.
If he wasn’t attractive and all that, and was just some guy, you’d not even ask this
question. You’d know you’re not going to tolerate this behaviour.
It’s shit behaviour and it shows what is coming your way in the future.
Forget about him and move on.
That goes for women who do that to guys. They are not worth it and life is busy
enough to even have people like that who are not good for their word.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

If you asked out a girl to date, is it mandatory that you will be
treating her share of meal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s simple.
If a human being, cannot be decent enough to show respect for each other, and
pay their share, she is not worth the time of day.

This should be your qualiﬁer, than listening to fools who like you to believe, that
a woman judges how you look after yourself and how you can with her, by paying
for full meal. If hat’s how she measures and selects her mate, then you got your
bar very low indeed.
They key here is - she oﬀers.
A man needs to see a woman try.
That shows to you something about her. She’s got empathy, she’s a decent human
being, she is trying, she is not playing a game, she is not seeing this as a
competition like most women are.
Yes, many women see this as competition and so do men.
Get out of the competition mode and see what is important to qualify. The
behaviour. Oﬀering and paying one’s share shows self respect and not doing so,
showing a lack of respect for another human being.
If she doesn’t show she’s a decent human being, smile, pay all and do not date her
again. She has plenty of men who can kiss her ass and think her pussy is far more
important than his own integrity in seeing if she qualiﬁes as a decent human
being.
Such women who have this measuring tool based on how a man pays full, are
dime and a dozen, and plenty of them. They are not that special and not rare to
ﬁnd in this world.
They actually very cheap and easy to attract.
After all - if the measure of man is by how he pays meals for her on dates, then
you have surely lowered your bar so low to such a level, you will ﬁnd when
material, money is no there anymore, and hell comes into both your lives - then
you see why it mattered to qualify on something far more important like
empathy, decency, respect for another human being, having heart and not
competing against each other but together at whatever comes at you both.
Remove the pedestal and entitlement many have and see how she treats you. If
this is how she treats you now, then this is who she is later.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My ex is in a relationship but he still messages me and still
want to be intimate. What does this means?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you like the attention and you’re playing dumb here with everyone else.
Wrap your head around these….
1. It means you haven’t moved on
2. It means you still text back
3. It means you are still hoping you’ll get back together
4. It means you haven’t set boundaries and took responsibilities for your
own actions instead of waiting for someone to do it for you
5. It means you didn’t block and delete his number and moved on
You see how this works?
We like to blame other people but the reality is, a person cannot do shit if we get
our shit together and set…boundaries.

People love being the victim and they’d love to say to you he’s this, he’s that too,
and blah blah but reality is….you must take share of the responsibility as well.
Stop looking for “what it means” and end this game you and he is playing.
663 Views · View Upvoters

If somebody you don’t ﬁnd attractive messages you online,
should you tell him/her you don't like him/her, or just keep
quiet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: If an unattractive woman messages you on a dating app, should you reply
with rejection or just ignore and not reply?

If it’s just word like, “Hi.” or “Hello” or if it’s a link to app to talk and just that, I
won’t bother.
But if she does more, shows interest in a manner that shows she is trying, then I
reply and say I am ﬂattered but I’m not interested and I’ll wish her good luck in
her dating journey.
I won’t ignore her.
She’s trying her best and I feel being polite to her will also let her know the world
isn’t all that bad.
773 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Vadim Abdrakhmanov

Why does my boyfriend’s ex keep looking at my Instagram
stories?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why you are looking at her activity on his instagram stories.
Comparing yourself to her.
And she is comparing herself to his life with you.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would people you haven't met Just block you on
Facebook?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be many reasons..
1. The content on your facebook page turned them oﬀ
2. You message them without introducing yourself and instead add your
number or some devise to talk. You haven’t even tried to make a
connection ﬁrst and reveal what it is you want from this person.
3. They don’t trust you. They had to ﬁnd your name/page and block you. By
that action, no matter what someone says, it is done out of not trusting
the person they have blocked.
4. You message and talk negative
5. You’re boring and it shows on your facebook page
6. Your facebook page has lots of politics, religius stuﬀ.
7. Your facebook page is not consistent.
8. You don’t post much or at all and so it seems like it’s a spam
It looks like a scam or it’s dormant

account.

9. You’ve pissed them oﬀ
10. They are a blocking frenzy. They lost it. Gone crazy ;)
It can be anything.
917 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl says she is an open book, does that means she will tell
whatever you tell her to her friends?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means she’s an open book but not really that open, and if there’s anything that
gets her beef then she’ll be turned oﬀ by it
People say a lot of things.
Like “I am sexually conﬁdent” when they are not.
“I am open minded,” when they are not.
“ooooh I trust you,” when they don’t.
So whatever she says about open book, just know it’s not that open.Everyone has
secrets and things they don’t want to reveal.
It just means, whatever questions you ask, she’s going to answer as open as she
can. Doesn’t mean you can ask her if she likes to be fucked in ass or she likes deep
throat or how she likes to be ﬁnished or ﬁnish a man.
Use some common sense.
It doesn’t mean that kind of open book.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What would the world be like without law?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You only have to see what happens with the law.
See her…

You won’t think of it by looking at her but even with the law, she tied her husband
to their bed. Imagine, kinky sex, and then…stabbed him 193 times with..two
diﬀerent knives.
She later buried him in the backyard.

The next day, while he’s dead, in backyard, she ﬁles a domestic abuse report to
get a restraining order against her husband, so she can pretend and explain why
he is absent.

That’s what happens when we got the law.
Now, imagine if we didn’t have the law
781 Views · View Upvoters

I am very socially awkward. How do I overcome it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why am I awkward socially?

It’s a bit crude but it explains it well..
If you put a frog into a pot of boiling hot water it will jump out quick.
But if you put the frog in a pot of cool water and steadily it boils it won’t notice
until it’s too late.
The same when you go weight lifting.
You don’t go to the big weights and start banging away. You warm up and you use
light weights, do some stretching as well, get warmed up. As you train week after
weak, you’re body gets used to it and gets stronger.
You’re belief starts to higher and your nervous system steadily gets used to the
hammering.
Like the wa if you was a runner.
You need to warm up. You need to stretch because if you go oﬀ start sprinting you
could pull a muscle, and if you do, it may take you a long time to race again
because you teared a muscle.
This is no diﬀerent to socialising.
If you dive in and expect it all happens doing it one day and nothing for months
on end, then your nervous system is not ready going to be ready, you’ll always be
over thinking. You’re mind hasn’t enough information.
So you got to do some warm ups.
Start by asking people for directions. Until you get used to that then move up
more from your comfort zone and talk more to the cashier. Do so with shop
keepers. Do same with some guy who works at tube station and ask him
something.
Ask someone who is looks hot or a business man or business woman, for
directions.
Get used to that, move from your comfort zone and enter a small event and talk to
people. Get used to that, move it up to go to a bar and talk someone.
On and on it goes until you give your mind a lot of information on what it is you
want to get good at because it has the tools but you haven’t used them. The
pathways are weak, hidden but they are there.
It’s called
“If you don’t use it, you lose it.”

Now you don’t lose it but it be weak and so you need to ﬁre them up by doing that
and when you do, the brain starts to send more information to your nervous
system, and gradually what was stressful isn’t anymore because it has got used to
the hammering and it becomes easier until you want to do something out of your
comfort zone like…approach and ask someone out to a date.
On and on it goes.
You need to warm up ﬁrst.
You also need to visualise more of the outcome you need, see it all in your head,
step by step, see the obstacles, see how you remove them and succeed.
You see, your imagination is very powerful.
I mean how many times can you go out and do all that but with imagination, you
can sit at home and do a ton of these and give it experiences of success. It doesn’t
know false or truth only if you tell it and you feel it is true or a lie.
So you can visualise many experiences, successful experiences because you
haven’t many.Pound your imagination with it even when you’re not going out
there getting tons of success.
Something most people just don’t do but that is one of your most powerful tools if
not then most powerful tool.
It’s why if the quote is true, Einstein said..
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas
imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to
evolution."
I believe from experience it holds true.
You want to evolve, then start talking like you is good at it and visualise it in your
imagination again and again, from diﬀerent angles, solving the social skill
problems. You need to see it, feel the experiences like it is happening, see you are
succeeding in it and step into that person to be that person.
Visualising successful social experiences or any experiences is a skill of it’s own.
So warm up.
6k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Who is the most important person in our life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have made the belief of others more important than my own
The reality of others become bigger than the ones I engraved in stone
The opinions of others more than my own mind
I have put others before me to squander my health and time
I have loved others more than myself
And my own values for a sylph
I have made the worries of others before my own happiness
The insecurities of people more important than my senses
If I could share with you a wisdom of the ages
Tear this lesson from my life and give you the pages
For your own lips to read this one phrase as it is
To live by these words is for the ones who are courageous…
The most important person in your life is…yourself

1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get over a relationship that was perfect?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Perfect for whom.
It wasn’t perfect. No one ever is and no relationship ever is.
When you think like that, then you don’t grow and learn. You don’t even see the
person but rather idolisation and nothing else but that.
Nothing is perfect.
That’s your problem. Get over that there is “perfect,” because if it was, you’d still
be in the relationship.
It was perfect for you but it wasn’t for someone else and so you never see the
feelings of someone else, or what they are on about, or what their emotional
language is. You become lazy, unwilling to learn even when someone says what
their needs are.
Perfect - it is selﬁsh, it is all about oneself.
So if something is perfect you then do not see there is a lot to learn and sit on
your ass thinking you don’t need to even try, and then wonder why the other
person wonders what is going on, because they put the time in, they are giving,
they want something from you but you don’t bother because you think you’re
perfect and relationship is perfect and so you take it for granted.
Perfect.
It’s one of the reasons why people don’t grow because they expect things to be
perfect before they make a move, say something, approach someone, to learn, to
grow, to take chances in life, to open up, be vulnerable and so the other person is
hurting, screaming inside for the other to give, to show aﬀection, to show their
feelings but no, they don’t because they think themselves like Narcissists, that
they are so fucking perfect.
They are oblivious to all that has been said, the hurt the other is going through
and all they give a damn about is themselves, their worries, their concerns, their
lack of trust in someone else, always looking for the negativity rather than
positive, always wondering what can go wrong than right, always waiting and
waiting and looking for hints, cues when the other is being open, direct because
they know there is nothing perfect and so they want it to work by growing, by
communicating but…the person they are trying with sees everything is perfect,
and so they take all for granted.
Thinking someone’s heart and love will always be there without them trying,
When it is all gone, they now want to say their peace, ling winded letters and
explanation blah blah but it’s too late. They want to even have the breakup
perfect but life isn’t perfect, life doesn’t happen in a straight line and everyone is
complex in a certain way.
Perfect..
“He has to be 6f2, in same industry as I am, ghas blonde hair, blue eyes, earns
100k a year, has big tight butt, thick forearms, reads blah blah blah and blah blah
blah blah..”
The give her some years and that girl grows up aged 30 and wonders what the
fuck happened to ﬁnding the ‘perfect man.’

The unicorn guy doesn’t exist and suddenly she doesn’t want perfect because it
doesn’t exist and all she now gives a shot about if the guy smiles, if he’s kind, if he
will just be there for her as she will for him, and the world, and all of the noise can
go to hell because she is tired of trying to be tough and worried about how she
will settle and fears of settling but now realises settling is only about telling the
little girl inside her, the fairy tale is over.
If only she knew what perfect really meant.
It took years for her to realise that she don’t even care if he hasn’t has hair, at least
he’s someone that makes her feel like home. He smiles, he has that magical smile
where she feels that love all over again.
But no, for a while she was thinking ‘perfect.’
Same for guys too. Many goes through this path of perfect.
To such a level that they won’t even do anything, or take action, a risk or go for
what they want and even to move on because they are waiting for the…perfect
moment.
They even try to read minds for pete sake.
Reading someone’s mind to see if he or she is attracted to each other. Reading
other partners minds, looking for cues and hints to ﬁnd out if they feel this and
that and not just ask because…it got to be perfect, the right moment, right time
and they got to 100% certain to even try.
How about let go of the perfection, approach and ask.
That’s what perfect does.
It makes smart human beings scared, unwilling to show vulnerability and ﬁnd
out far too late, as that person realises there is no point in trying anymore with an
individual that seems to hold back a lot.
Hence, perfect is a trap.
It’s an illusion.
Remove the word perfect, and look at what did happen, see what you didn’t listen
to, see what can learn from it and then move on to grow.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get past the fact that my boyfriend slept with
someone during our breakup? I’m not mad that he slept with
someone, I just need to know how to get over it.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not mad he slept with someone when you was broke up?
Why would you be?
You need to mad at your own insecurities not him.
You need to go and see a therapist and sort your own head and emotions out,
which is packed with programming long before you even knew your boyfriend.
Get some help. See a therapist then you’ll have some guidance on how to get over
it.
Don’t be mad at him.
Be mad at yourself for believing in the lies you was fed with and then learn to
grow from it. It’s your psychological script and the therapist will let you know

what it is.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you respond to "How are you? " in an awesome way that
ends the conversation quickly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman at tube station, used to work in same company..
Her - How are you?
Me - I’m thinking, as I look at you, whether your inner beauty is as beautiful as
your outer beauty.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says "Will you go out with me"?
Is it a date, or does he mean that he wants us to be exclusive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it mean when a guy says "Will you go out with me"? Is it a date,
or he means he wants us to be exclusive?

How can a guy want to be exclusive with a woman when he hasn’t even dated yet,
hasn’t gone out with her, haven’t gone intimate?
Dating is ﬁrst ﬁnding out if you both click together, if there’s compatibility, if you
got same attitude and if you’re both in same wave length. Lots of communication
has to happen ﬁrst as you go out together to know one another.
Also, you need to ask him what it is.
We can’t read minds. So ask him not us.
Ask the guy for clarity and avoid with trying to control the outcome. Being
exclusive takes time, you need to date a few times for that to happen and for that
kind of talk to happen between you both.
You’re putting the cart before the horse.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My best friend and I both have feelings for each other and
confessed a while ago. Now she rarely talks to me, and can't
even look at me. What do I do?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Updated Feb 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So both of you confessed. Thought by telling each other how you feel, it’s suppose
to make everything magically work.
Since you didn’t do anything, then she has seen you just some guy who cannot
lead, passive, and just like most guys who piss their pants over some girl who
confessed her feelings.
Rarely you ﬁnd women lead on this thing except they left the norms and had
enough of waiting around and using non-verbal cues.
Forr all you know, all she did is to get your attention and that is all she wanted
like girls who just want to say it to feel good, a mood, and when in mood, well,
they’ll say anything.
Or she is a princess who wants you to do all the chasing, all the leading, all the
planning, the calling, the texting, everything, like many women who by the way
think they are entitled for men to wine and dine their pathetic mouths at

restaurants and bitch how men should pay and not act like decent human being
and have the courtesy to grow the fuck up and realise, a man desires to see a
woman TRY, to put eﬀort in showing respect and decency for who she dates.
What do you do?
Nothing to do because if there was truly attraction, for real, you missed the
window anyway. When she says how she feels then you ﬁnd out what you and her
want to do about it.
Some people, who cannot control their emotions, do for emotions, rarely ever
follow through anyway. They are like a feather, when happy they say they love
you. When feeling shit, they hate you. They do things for validation, and people
who don’t look for validation, they go for it, they ask what they both want to do
about it.
It maybe she is not interested anymore. Women change their mind and so do
guys.
What happens for most is opportunity isn’t missed. It’s just people are ill
prepared when it shows up.
They don’t know what to do on next step.
Her - I feel this blah blah
Him - Feel this too
Then awkwardness, no leading, no “what shall we do about it then?”
So now woman sees it as guy wasn’t that interested as he didn’t make the next
step or try and the guy thinks she is not interested because she didn’t try to make
step.
Both focused on validation, being accepted, approved, doing things for
transactonal game, strokes, and not just on what is real.
That is where you are now.
The opportunity came for both of you, both didn’t know what to next and now it
has become awkward and probably embarrassing for her.
8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Vatsal Agarwal

How should I act when my girlfriend says that she wants to be
with me for years, but also says that it is potential that she
changes her mind in the future?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She said that to see where you are in the social hierarchy social value. She is
seeing where you stand in the social value way.
She is saying, “if your social value is not high in what I want, I will leave you.”
She is looking at where you is are in social value compared to other men and even
compared to where she is.
In other words, she…is…still…looking.
Listen to the feedback. People tell you who they are early on but most people
don’t hear the red ﬂags because they got the person on a pedestal and think it will
never happen to them.
Her mindset then is - hypergamy.

In the social ladder, the guys at top will have abundance of women pursuing
them. As you go down, the guys still are able to attract women.
But if you’re right at the bottom, you’re going to have hard time because your
social value is zero. You can argue about..
“Oh but I am diﬀerent I look for personality blah blah.”
If you listen to her words, she is really saying that.
So at that moment in time and where she is and where you are, it serves her
whether it is due to emotionally support or resources.
People are drawn to what is valuable to them to survive.
It’s human nature and so no use trying to get upset about it but ensure you got
your own back.
See the world for what it is, not what you want it to be.
This doesn’t mean there is no such thing as romance, love etc.
It’s real but people are choosing due to their preference and attraction is where a
person is attracted to that which of equal value or higher than them.
How you act is up to you.
She’s said what her mindset is.
That she is still looking and if something better comes along, she’s going to go for
it or if whatever comes along that increases her social value, she will go for it even
if it means…leaving you.
How do you increase your social value?
There are diﬀerent ways.
1. Wealth. So money, fast car, mansion etc.
2. Physique. This isn’t just looking good in physical but also in health. You
look healthy as well.
3. Social status. This is how people in certain hierarchy and those around
you, and those who don’t know you, perceive you. It is perception.
These are the determine factors on where you are in the social ladder and she will
determine where you are in the ladder for her to get the best possible mate.
And a woman will also go up this social ladder to attract these guys.
So as an example, imagine she is on the bottom ladder but she got the hot looks.
She’ll be with a guy who is stable, and she’ll tell him..
“I so love you. You’re everything to me. I can see we’ll be together for years but I…
cannot…promise you that be so in future.”
One day, she ﬁnishes her degree as she lives with you or as she is in relationship
with you.
She suddenly sees a guy who is higher in ladder and so, she might ﬂirt with him
and either cheat, fuck this guy without you knowing or break up and go with this
guy.
Remember what attraction is.
Yes, what you may have learned is it’s that click but…remember what attraction
really is..

“That she sees the guy is of equal social value as her or higher.”
Through many women’s life they’d have done this from teen years. Move from
one guy to another. Date, she dumps him or he dumps her and they go for
someone else. On and on this goes.
Until somethign happens.
Their social value drops.
Either their looks or something, isn’t as strong as before and now the pool of men
is smaller. They cannot now go up those ladders like they used to. It now gets
harder because their ass, tits, is sagging and they are not young anymore.
Many guys at top desire younger women.
So now she will look for a diﬀerent kind of social value.
What do you do?
1. Increase your value
2. Remember what she said
3. And if you ﬁnd someone else, go for it.
Because she just told you, she’d do exactly the same thing if she ever ﬁnds
someone who she thinks is of high social value as you or if something comes
along such as a job or career in another country, she will leave you.
She cannot complain when you leave her for someone else either or when you got
a career, it is your future at other end of the world.
Do all women/men do this?
No, not all.
Most of the time they have already done and grown out of it. They want someone
not for their looks, jobs, or what society says and also not because of a ruler in
their head.
They’ve grown to even realise a job and career is not the all of everything and
they like someone who can smile, who makes them feel great, has a awesome
personality and both know, no matter what they’ll battle the world together, and
love each other because they also got compatibility.
Everyone is diﬀerent, has their own journey of growth and some will unplug from
all this and some, well, takes a long time to do.
Some never get out of seeing everything as a game and status.
Sometimes you’re lucky to hear someone tell you this is who they are from the
very beginning and so it’s up to you to decide where you are not in the ladder of
social world but in your life, in your mind, in how you want to live your life
without these social norm games.
653 Views · View Upvoters

If you could say three words to the devil, what would they be?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Feb 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s your story?
That’s all I need to say and I’ll listen. He’ll have not just his personal story but
he’ll have a lot more to say.

One of the most powerful words I have ever used in everything, from dating,
friendship, business and anything else when meeting people.
So, “what’s your story?”
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What are some things beginners should know on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You’re not going to get paid to write answers. See it as part of a bigger
picture or connected to something bigger you’re doing. Like writing
answers and in future you’ll have your own website for all your followers
who are seriously into what you’re doing.
2. See quora like a small outlet of information shop but you got other bigger
shops that will make the money and people can go to this small shop to
collect leaﬂets, pamphlets with valuable information to get a taste of you
and your mind. If they like then when you do have bigger shops they
may go there.
3. Know that this platform is free and so it attracts people who are broke as
shit or people who don’t come here to spend money. You need outer
platform, away from this to make tons of money not here. Their mindset
will be diﬀerent here, the way it be diﬀerent if they land on a website
knowing they got to buy to get your knowledge, books etc.
4. So if you’re worried about votes due to validation to be famous or to
make money here, ﬁnd something else to do. Like get a band together
and practice, get on stage and rock the sage if you want validation and
fame. Like work towards a passion and build a website for it or ﬁnd
websites where people pay to be part of what you share and do.
5. Votes are not money. They are just votes. Even shit answers with one
word or a sentence can get thousands of votes. Even answers that make
no sense to sarcastic answers can get a ton of votes.
6. So start with the intent you got value to bring to the table.
7. Choose a particular niche you know more about. It’s your burning
passion.
8. Find your own voice and forget pleasing everyone. There is no point
writing to kiss everyone’s ass.
9. In the beginning no one will notice you but hey, you’re not writing for
votes. You’re doing it out of passion to write, get all that you know out
there.
10. Avoid spending time debating and trying to convince people. You’re not
here to convince anyone. They got a better answer, they can write their
own. Just because there is a comment box doesn’t mean shit. That is
there for search engines and helps quora to attract more traﬃc.
11. Even those red notiﬁcations you see, is all there to help quora to get you
addicted to it. These are called desire triggers and it is why quora for
some people is addictive. That’s why Facebook, Pininterest and
Instagram is addictive too. These notiﬁcations and other functions
create desire engines inside you and feed oﬀ your survival instinct and
makes it into a habit. So you come back again and again. That’s their goal
- to increase retention and numbers so they got evidence for brands,
other websites, blogs, businesses to pay for advertising space.
12. Be consistent in writing your answers but also have a life.

13. If it’s not your passion and you’re here with intent for validation, pats o
back then like most people, you’ll quit soon enough or in time and head
to facebook and instagram. Not that there’s anything bad about these
other platform. Thy are great and serve a diﬀerent purpose but just
separate yourself from fantasy and see reality.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do? I fall in love with a guy, but I doubt whether
we have the future or not.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you grow and mature, you let go of all these expectations and realise, you
have no control over these things, even with best intentions.
If you always chasing for these things, you’ll ﬁnd yourself looking back with
regret, and a lot of no experience which doesn’t help future relationships. Main
thing is be mature and forget trapping guys into relationships and focus on the
moment. If it happens, it happens, if it doesn’t, you’ve gained experience,
insights about yourself and learned far more than most who try and control,
manipulate and self sabotage things.
What hurts the most is always expectations and believe me, people will
disappoint you. I found the best relationships are those that happened with
honesty, openness and vulnerability and without games.
You can know what you want, you can say what you want and attract guys who
want same but forget ﬁxing and changing someone, and trying to force things
into a relationship.
Not every date leads to long-term relationship, marriage and babies.
As you get older, those expectations and ruler in your head of what the guy looks
like, what he is, what he does and a hundred more things will dwindle until you
come to a realisation….
You don’t give a fuck anymore but to have a man who makes you feel good, who
has a great smile, and hopefully he may have some hair left but even the hair and
all the “hot good looking” or even “attractive” will mean shit in time to come,
after your heart has been broken a few times and more.
And while there is a lot of noise in this world, doubles standards and everyone
claiming they speak for you, for women, for men and on such craziness knows,
you will realise,it’s best to avoid being part of the bubble, if this noise, hate, and
all the bashing and craziness because it has got you to screw up how you see
yourself, your relationship and connection between you as a woman with a man.
No matter what you see or hear, deep down you want a man in your life, to be
happy with a lover as you get to a stage and realise all that craziness have left you
deluded like most have become and wonder..
“I thought by now, by 23, I’d already have a man who loves me..”
You then don’t give a shit about much of what all these women, all these men, all
these organisations shout about, and all you once believed to seek compatibility.
You know, a man who has similar attitude as you, who smiles good, and treats
you right. Someone who ﬁnds pleasure in seeing you also smile, likes hearing you
talk about your dreams, goals and enjoys just you being you.
Hopefully by that time, you left the hypergamy bullshit looking for one guy after
another for status and unplugged yourself from the bullshit dreamy movie scripts

to to realse it’s time to to tell the 16 year old child when you’re 20, 30, that enough
is enough and settling isn’t about settling.
Settling becomes something else - you just want to be with a guy who can smile,
even in the hardest time when life throws punches at both of you. You know the
world doesn’t give a damn in all they claims about what they want for woman and
man.
They all got in the way of your life and it all pounded your mind to no see clearly.
That the real enemy is not man nor woman but yourself. The rest is but noise
trying to ﬁght for your attention and use it for themselves to further their agenda,
their message, their careers, their power and not really about you at all.
If you can ﬁgure this part out when younger, you’ll heal far faster, you’ll laugh
away at the games most play and you’ll unplug from the many norms ways that
does nothing but lead you deep into a rabbit hole.
And that rabbit hole is deep and never ending.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Are all of you Quoran’s jealous of me?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I acknowledge that I am jealous because you openly in writing this question
reveal your own insecurities.
Bold move ;)
800 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my bf like to look at me when I give him a handjob?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason is it turns him on.
There are also other ways too…
1. Let him hear your passion using your body and voice, and the way you
stroke.
2. Let him hear you slurp if you give him a blow job
3. Let him hear you enjoying it using your sweet tone voice, raise your voice
high pitch and even scream a little like you’re excited. It’s not just about
hand job or it becomes just mechanical
4. Tell him his dick is so big, tease him as you give him a hand job.
5. Get real close, like your face to face, and kiss him as you give him a hand
job, lick his lips, kiss, whisper words in his ear of all the things you’d love
to do to him and with him, or how he makes you feel.
Because…when you look at him and do all these, it turns him on.
It brings a heighten pleasure and experience but it takes high self esteem and
conﬁdence to let go and do this. It makes sex intimate and I love a woman who is
sexually conﬁdent like that.
So look at him, give him those sexy looks, show passion, talk dirty to him and
drive him crazy ;)
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think about me leaving to study in London for a
whole semester when I’m 17? I don’t know how it will aﬀect my
relationship with my boyfriend, and I don’t want to leave him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can stay in touch with technology..
1. Private messaging
2. Whatsapp, texting, videos, audios.
3. Skype, facetime, etc.
4. Phone
Just appreciate that when you’re in long distance, there is a diﬀerent in time. So if
for example you agree with your boyfriend a certain time to talk on phone, it’s not
easy to do.
A person has to arrange things, has to rush, busy with whatever, and so they have
to plan, and so do you, to make that happen.
But if you go ioﬀ..
“Oh I forgot” and it doesn’t look good and making the other person feel guilty for
asking why you didn’t even bother, is not going to be great for the relationship. It
takes a lot of energy even for these small things but when someone does these
what seems small, take it seriously.
Many don’t especially when young, and do not realise the eﬀort, work, planning
it takes for someone at the other end to wait for your call or to call you and ﬁnd
you’re not even there. Sure they may have a mobile phone but they want privacy
to be able to speak to each other without noise and people around house, or
outside kind of thing to be able to express freely.
The other thing regarding your feelings….
Throughout our lives, the one thing that will come up which will prevent so many
to achieve, experience so much more is the worry of rejection, whether it is
worried about what daddy, mummy would think if you went oﬀ dating an older
guy, to going to another country to study as your boyfriend is back home and
worried if he will be still your boyfriend when you come back.
Or the fear of failing studies.
But really, there is a deeper issue..
The fear we have of the unknown and uncertainty. So we look for ways to self
sabotage due to these fears.
We bring up all kinds of stories..
1. What if the boy/girlfriend breaks up
2. What if I fail
3. What if I miss home
4. What if I get lost
5. What if…
But really, deep down it is something else…the fear of rejection in many forms,
which makes us feel like a loser.
So you do things out of that deeper issue and you never move forward in your life
and really grow faster and learn so much more.

You do things out of fear of losing out.
This leaves you feeling alone.
You can be with someone and feel alone. You can stand in a crowd of people, and
be alone. You can say to everyone you got amazing couple of friends but feel
alone. You can pretend all is alright, but you feel alone.
When that used to happen to me, I slowly didn’t take the women seriously and
the attraction for me for them, was gone.
It really does show in action not words.
If there’s one thing I have learned over the years is this…
The greater the rejection, the greater your direction.
It’s not my quote but something that is said diﬀerently through time but means
the same. That sometimes, your greatest growth and achievement is in the
unknown, the uncertainty and not really in the comfort zone.
Sometimes things happen in which you ﬁnd the person isn’t where you are in life
or maturity to appreciate these things, and so you let go and it takes you into
another direction far better and far stronger connection, love and also respect.
But even if you experience these moments where the person does not appreciate
you or you feel like walking on eggshells, and you feel that fear then your
relationship anyway was not built on the real deal but on validation.
You don’t fear this when you’re with someone you know is all about freedom,
choice and is strong to want you to ﬂy, go for your goals, achieve fair, succeed.
You don’t fear it when there is honest communications and real love, compassion
and empathy.
You feel it only when other person is insecure themselves or they are just snakes,
hunters for attention and validation.
If you’re worried in staying in touch then you got technology to do this but it
needs maturity and planning.
Just make sure that isn’t messed up and avoid taking each other for granted.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My ex keeps dating tons of people for a short period of time
after she broke up with me. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, she has tried the comitted relationship route and probably had some
experiences she so had enough of. So now, she is not bothered about these
expectations anymore as she probably has spent time doing so with some guys.
Like for example, you get married, have years of it and it has some bullshit drama
and so when you divource, and after some bad taste of experience, you never
really want to jump in fast to get married.
It may mean she has some standards in what she wants.
It may mean she doesn’t want a realtionship and she has said so to tehse guys, but
they got all serious, jealous and possessive.
Or it may mean she is not good at relationships.
Whatever it means…

It’s not your business and you need to move on and stop judging her, or looking
and assuming anything because that kind of guy is someone who isn’t going to be
great for future relationships if he still eyeing up, stalking his ex and wondering
all kinds of shit regarding her when there’s a big world out there.
We can only assume but you see, we have to be careful of these assumptions to
because let’s say someone had bad experiences, then they will give their
perception from the memories of these experiences.
If someone had overcome Narcissists in relationships, they will give their
perception from their experiences.
And even I will give opinion but it is from my perception, experiences and again,
it is but assumptions and nothing else.
The only thing we know is - it’s her business and her life.
Be busy living your life and learn to now let go and move on.
No more questions about ex girlfriend, overthinking, stalking her or ﬁlling your
head about her.
Move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How is it possible for people to have sex with strangers with
absolutely no level of intimacy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some people can be mature about it and know the diﬀerence between sex and
romance, romance and love..
Some people don’t need emotional intimacy or emotional attachment to have
sex.
Some people don’t see sex as a function, a thing that deﬁnes them, a trophy, a
medal, a prize, or a label and see it as people who have a desire for pleasure and
want to explore these pleasures with other people they are attracted to or people
they trust and comfortable with.
Does sex sometimes lead to emotional feelings where they want more like
relationships? Yes, sometimes it does, and I ﬁnd these relationships have been far
relaxed, fun, and exciting than dating that starts with expectations of
relationships because then people play by some rules or games and to try to
manipulate with this entitlement they seek. If a relationship does happen I ﬁnd it
very loving.
In other words:
This world is ﬁlled with billions of people who all have desires, needs, wants, and
diﬀerent values and see life diﬀerently to other people.
Those who question it with judgement do so out of fear or out of curiosity. Either
way the people who do have sex without this need for intimacy do so because it
doesn’t need all that chasing most do, the games, the drama, relationships, and
and any expectations of relationship.
It’s a desire being fulﬁlled by two people, or three or four together, who know
exactly what they want……sex.
The best part is they are direct about it, mature about it, and they don’t give room
for non-verbal cues that you get in traditional dating.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How would you reply if someone says you're an asshole?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her - You’re an Asshole
Me - Yeah Uhmm (nodding)
Her - You men just care about sex
Me - Yeah Uhmm (nodding)
Her - I mean you’re just a player like all men
Me - Yeah Uhmm (nodding)
Her - Us women can have babies using test tubes now, do you know?
Me - Yeah Uhmm (nodding)
Her - We don’t need you men
Me - Yeah Uhmm (nodding)
Her - I mean, tell me then one thing what you men got to oﬀer?
Me - Oh we’re just awesome. You know, we are MEN, what do you expect from
awesomeness. Only awesomeness makes you feel like that…desperate and need
for a guy’s attention ;)
Walks oﬀ as she ﬁnds a quiet corner to…

2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get over an attractive guy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 31, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes sure, because all it is, is you craving for validation to make you think you are
hot yourself because, “a hot guy likes me, attracted to me.”
So here’s what you do..
1. Dress up hot and sexy

2. Go out to those Salsa Dance Classes or really anywhere…

3. Now you’ll get the attention of tons of guys, from hot to average looking, and
you’ll get your validation.
When you’re young, you go for looks, for status and some by the way, never
grow out of chasing it.
You screw your body up and all that energy that supposed to help you later on in
future, with emotional craziness over guys looks. You chase these guys. All that
energy to make babies or to have energy to live a good life with a lover together.
You screw up psychological and biologically faster than I can say ‘pizza!’
It all catches up and all that you gave in those years now makes you tired, fucked
up that if you was in a relationship, well, you’ll ﬁnd that energy isn’t there as
much as you need it.

By the time most women are 19, you’re on all kinds of pills and depressed. To
make yourself feel, you eithe rlie to everyone about jerks, bad boys and gave blow
job to 10 guys and how they all left to be in relationship with someone else and on
and on the story goes.
You know ‘I am a victim,’ story.
Worse, you’ll hear some women saying you are thick because even if you’re 23,
you’re not old enough to think for yourself. You’re weak, you’re stupid, your
pathetic, and that’s why nothing is every your responsibility. Society id pounded
in giving womoen excuses to get away from doing non-verbal and not speaking
directly. It’s part of the norms and while most like to deny it is so, it is what has
made dating completely shit for many mature people and…dangerous too.
It’s like you can do anything and no one gives a shit and the whole world will
excuse your behaviour.
But guess who won’t excuse such behaviour.
Your body and your mind.
But you don’t hink that because you believe you got all the time in the world.
That you will live forever.
You will be young forever.
That Peter Pan will ﬂy over one day with Tinker Bell and take you to a place where
you never grow old and stay young forever, and do whatever you want…forever.
So you go oﬀ drinking, eating shit, no routine and party a lot, lots of party and
party is great but most do too much, don’t get enough sleep, drink a lot, date lots
of hot looking guys while we bad boys know where she is going to be like years
later..

All the while you don’t notice all the rest of the guys who are not that hot but they
do have their shit together.
By the time your 20, you’ve dated some, had 10 heart breaks, sick of being treated
like shit and yes, buys like me are sick of hearing girls like you bitching all day
about why you attract jerks but we know, as bad boys, one thing so many women
crave for is attention, validation and having a hot guys does that.
It gives a perceived value of status, a share of the power to show to everyone else.
Yeah, it looks cool doesn’t it but only for a while…

By the time you’re 25 years old, you begin to see you’re not young anymore. The
lines starts to show under your eyes, your ass isn’t as tight as before and your tits
begin to sag.
Your body isn’t as quick as it used to be. You feel far more tired even if you had
good 8 hours sleep. The waking up is slow and heavy.
You’re waist isn’t small and tight anymore.
You can feel the gravity force and you cannot suck it all in like this…

Still, you keep chasing the hot guys or guys with status and again, you don’t
notice all the other guys you can date, have a great relationship with because they
are not hot looking and they don’t have status.
You keep repeating this same mistake over and over again…

The emotional painful heartache rollercoaster does eﬀect you.
If a guy who is mature, has knowledge, skills and he can make you feel alive,
wthout even a touch, you’re whole body singing, and he’ll treat you right…well…
you won’t even have a clue and be able to identify such a guy.
Why?
Because even if he did come along, chase for validation will make it so toxic for
this guy that he’ll grow to hate you and disappear from you.
When it’s all about chasing validation, it always messes it up and you then try to
be victim and blame men because you don’t want to accept the responsibility that
you screwed up.
Hey I am not saying this for only women. Men do this too. Men go this in younger
days but there are some men who have this ability to know at a young teen age
where this story leads to and avoid it as best they can.
These experiences eﬀects how you see men, how you see life, how you see
yourself and a whole lot of issues begin to start draining you slowly.
You don’t see the changes it does at a psychological level but your body is taking
huge pounding from these emotions of pain.
Pain and heartache you can limit and still be vulnerable to show aﬀection with
someone who sees far more in you but what happens, is all this changes you and
much of it is not in a positive light either.
By the time you are reaching 29, your biological clock is ticking fast and maybe it
happens sooner but now you’re rushing because you wasted all that time, all your
youthful and looking for the unicorn prince charming.
But what happens is you also got a hot guy.
However, the hot guy is a 10 and you are a 6. Yes I hate numbers too but it’s a way
to explain.
He then sees you getting older, sees other hot women too, see your ass and tits
sagging, your sex drive going very low, you’re stressed from work, he doesn’t give
a fuck, and he a 10 but as he gets older his looks go down to an 8.
That’s not bad at all but more…he has status. He has income. He has more
resources. He can date other hot women no problem.
Your looks is a 6 but due to how life is, because you are not rich, you got to work
hard, pay bills, no money for plastic surgery, good food, the bags under your eyes
shows, your body feels diﬀerent, you’re not as energetic as before….

He then breaks up with you and decides to date an 8 or 7, that is near to his
status…
Because you are now a 5 and maybe down to a 4 in looks.
See how this works?
It is far better to date someone close enough to your number than reach high
because moment you lose your looks, whether people, ra ra about love, human
nature doesn’t change.
You’re a 6 so go for a guy who is a 7.
From very young you now got a guy and you build memories together and it
is these memories, that bonds you both.
That’s why I have multiple lovers and some I met 10 years ago and other 18 years
ago, and some 15 because we did it fucking right. We didn’t follow the crowd and
norms. We didn’t follow labels and yes, some people will say to you that someone
who doesn’t like labels is a red ﬂag.
That’s their truth not mine. It has worked amazing for me and so I made sure to
not fuck up years back when I was younger.
Women can come and go, and I’ll still be in these relationships, still having the
tome of my life and still getting laid in all the ways my heart desires.
Love, romance for most is like teens, who see it as someone makes them happy.
But as you mature, romance and love is about being with someone who you’re
physically attracted in a mature way, and being able to solve problems together
and together you ﬁght against the world making happen. It is having similar
attitude and you see life in a similar way and you desire similar things even if the
interest or job we have is very diﬀerent.
So it is best to get one’s shit together way back.
You know something is wrong and his way in behaving with you
dramatically changes.
You can feel it in your gut what you fear is coming.
Drama begins.
You can’t eat right.
You can’t sleep much.

You feel alone even with him.
And you wonder, “how the fuck did you not see this coming? How?”
You feel empty, alone and nothing in all you ever grew up to learn makes sense in
the real world you are in.

You both break up.
It hits you like a truck has slammed into you. No, a double Decker buss. No, a
train, 10 of them pounding the life out of you.
By this time you are 35 and you realise your pool of men has gone very small.
So you go to these guys who you ignored and..
“Na, sorry girl, I’m looking for young women, aged 22–25.”
You start feeling entitled, you call them misogynist, jerks, assholes and men on a
midlife crisis for dating younger women than you.
You remember Dave, who wasn’t that hot looking but he always was there for you.
He tried to approach you, said he like to take you out but you ignored him and
used him for nothing else but to feel validated.
There’s Joe, who would always order two coﬀees and as you said you’d pay, he
laughed and said..
“Hey, you can pay for the next one. I don’t mind.”
He’s kind, considerate but he’s a bad boy but a Bad Boy only you could see his
pain from years in his life, from how he was deserted by parents, how he stood up
on his own two legs and made things happens, and how he has an opinion and he
dates diﬀerent women and he was always honest, direct with you, without every
playing a game that “you are the one,”
But you didn’t do anything and so he disappeared and is now some marketing
savvy guy or a promote for night clubs and making things happen.
There’s Richie and though he’s a bit chubby, he can make you laugh and he would
text you knowing you was dumped, and he’d tried to make you feel better and he
was one of the ﬁrst who asked you out but you was looking for hot looks. He too
later disappeared and left the city and became a hot shot business man who now
women desire. Young hot looking women. Money cannot buy love but it sure can
help a man attract women and a lot more than being poor.
One by one, you remember these events in your life and you wish you can go back
in life. You wish you can get rid of these bags under your eyes. You wish you
didn’t drink as much and didn’t lose so much sleep.
You wish you can go back and start…all…over…again.

Suddenly you wake up..
You rush into bathroom and look in the mirror. You see your are still 18 years old
and it was all but a nightmare.
But then you hear a “bing!”
It’s your mobile phone from some hot looking guy, and you look at it, and you
block his ass and delete his phone.
You feel this surge of electricity shooting through your body and your heart starts
to race faster.
It’s when you was a child.
Do you remember when you were a little child… and at night, when you snuggled
into the warmth of your bed…and…you felt safe, comfort and you could taste the
coming of the snow in the air?
Do you remember that?
You didn’t know what the coming of a new day would hold for you.
Would it be stormy rain?
Would it be gray and damp?
Would it be cold, slipper, slimy and icey?
But when you wake up the next morning, to your delight and surprise, you
excitingly and curiously, you pushed aside the curtains and you looked out to see
brightly shining warm energy of the sun kissing you rosy cheeks, not a cloud was
in sight, not a cloud drifting on the canvas of the sky.
You feel like you have the whole world in your hands, and you felt the soft, silent,
silken blanking of snow.
And you realised..
"Hey... this day is MINE to make happen?"
Imagine sharing those feelings everyday with someone who truly understands, a
guy who understands you, a guy who wants to know how you feel, along with the
passions only adults can create and share with each other.
You scroll down to see a name of a guy who once spent time knowing you and you
remember those ﬁnal words he said before he walked away because all you was
talking about is some hot guy…
“I wanted to know if the inner beauty of you is as beautiful as your outer beauty. I
thought you’d be diﬀerent. I thought you just accept who I am, and not try to ﬁx and
change me. You said this is what you look for but through time, I saw your lack of
trust in me. You kept holding back your feelings, when I was open. You wanted me
to chase when I just wanted to grow together. You came with per-judging and I
thought you trusted me but really, you never did. I wished hard that you’d be
diﬀerent to all women who do that but I guess I was wrong.”
Chasing status blinds anyone and it becomes a game rather a deep emotional
connection.
You call him and…this time…for the right reasons.
This time, status and validation can go and kiss it’s ass.
You want the real deal but to have what’s real, you got to get real yourself.
4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Julia Moretti

Why would a girl try to hook up with a guy that she knows likes
you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 31, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he was attracted to you, he would be dating you. He cannot read your mind.
He’s not anyone's property.
He isn’t owned by anyone and she also isn’t owned by anyone. She can go and
date whoever she wants and so can he.
You just sit their twiddle your thumb thinking he can read your mind because the
girl you’re talking about isn’t waiting around but like most women, they compete.
You should have kept quiet and said nothing until you are dating the guy.
Only people who wait around are those looking for validation, the chase than
approaching the guy and get it rocking.
She is doing so because she is exercising her right.
Unfortunately, you still live in times you think guys only ones to approach,
waiting for guys to approach keeps door wide open for other girls to go for the
guy, whether someone else likes him or not.
Better you get to guy and sort it out if you’re so sure he’s attracted to you. Or
you’re all talk and no action.
878 Views · View Upvoters

ME and my girlfriend's wedding plans are ruined because of
this "guy". Now my girlfriend's parents hate me too because
this "guy" is making up unpleasant stories about me. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You mean, you’re girlfriend was worried about getting married, had second
thoughts and needed an excuse, needed to ﬁnd a way to blame someone else to
get out of married.
Let’s say nothing you did.
Then if that is the case, why on earth don’t you see you’re fucking lucky because
it just proved to you that she is easily inﬂuenced by other people, and her
relatives, which means, if you was married, and someone starts some rumor or
relatives want to get in way to do something, she’ll go “baaaaah” and listen to
them because that’s how she is.
Marriage is serious stuﬀ and so the last thing you ever want is marrying someone
who doesn’t stand by your side and who doesn’t trust you.
Life is given you feed back.
Listen to it.
At least you don’t lose your house, and lots of assets and even custody of
children. Think long and hard because life just shown you something but it’s for
you to listen to the lessons.
My, lovers -had many tried to get in the way with lots of bullshit but guess what?
They told them all and even their relatives to take a ﬂying leap and we are still
together and have been for years.
You ﬁnd out a lot about someone when the world and life gets in the way.

You found out where their priority is.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so hard for guys to ask a girl out?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because these days, saying hello is sexual assault…watch the video to see what I
mean…

Most women do not approach men, It’s men who do that and so its men who get
this shit and so, for some women who fuck this up for other women, you ﬁnd that
now men are becoming very hesitant to even socialise with women.
Many young men even in campus won’t look at a woman anymore. They will just
ignore, move on because they fear that if they give attention to any they may
attract an attention seeker who will mess up their life.
For example…this guy had a big future, and battled this false sexual assault for 10
years. He spent 5 year in prison. He was a rising star…

Then these morons fake feminists think they got the right to threaten men that if
men don’t want to be friends with women, it must be because they got something
to hide, that they are sexual predators.
i like to remind ourselves what we hear all time on what Feminist is supposed to
be. That it’s about choices. They go oﬀ talking shit, bashing men and when it’s
about them, it’s all “oh it’s equality, choices, blah blah.”
Feminist today has taken a route in promoting that all women are victim,
pathetic, weak, can’t say no and they are pitiful sad weak creatures. You hear this
a lot. Excuse after excuse on why women give non-verbal communication and
women for too long has got away with doing that due to the social norms.

You hear this so many times and yet, take a good look below of these so called
fake ass feminists trying to exert authority, using tactics which by the way goes
against all that feminism supposed to be…

It is this entitlement that pushes many people away from feminism. It is the
double standards. So much for having a choice.
I can’t make this shit up.
This is why so many do not agree with the modern day version of feminism. They
believe in equality but they see now that version of feminism we see today is
nothing more than bashing men and has fuck all to do with equality. So many
people don’t want it and don’t give a shit about it.
I’ll share example on how fucking stupid is can be…
With all the problems in world women have to face, with these tools we have
today, what do some women do?
They go and create videos like this..
"questions" for men answered by Feminist Women…

Now I can easily answer the ﬁrst question video and everything else is going to be
ignored. If you’re going to ask men questions, start by asking serious fucking
questions but instead the ﬁrst question is…
“How does it feel to be the same sex as Donald Trump.”
I mean, for pete sake, how can you be this stupid?
I’m like..

Because I can ask the same question with this…
“How does it feel to be the same sex as Myra Hindley?”

She is known or dubbed as the 'Britain's most hated woman' for helping her
husband sexually abuse and slaughter ﬁve children in the 1960s
She has a pussy like you do!
We can even replace the name with Aileen Wuornos…

This is her mugshot, taken after she was captured having killed seven men.
And she too has a pussy like you.
You see what I mean?
You might as well go to some teen school yard and listen to the same shit all day
long and come back to the video and you’ll see there is no diﬀerence at all!
There are far more serious issues and we men hear this shit.
We’re like “WTF? Seriously, is this the best you can do?”
So guys see that video and then you is a girl walking down the street with a bitch
resting face and suddenly - TRIGGER! They heard all this about men from
women and think..
“Nah, forget it. She’d probably bitch all day about why I said hello. Everything now
is sexual assault and they don’t know the damn diﬀerence these days.”
If we took as an example like Cannabis and put that in the same level of
cocaine/crack it be stupid.
Everything has it’s level.
There’s ﬁrst degree murder and there is second degree murder. There’s voluntary
and involuntary manslaughter. There’s even “adequate justiﬁcation” which can
downgrade a murder to a lower level.
First degree murder…
Premeditated, intentional killings

Felony murder
Second Degree Murder…
An unplanned, intentional killing; or
A death caused by a reckless disregard for human life
Now, everything is sexual assault.
Give a compliment- sexual assault.
Say hello- sexual harassment.
Bad date - sexual assault.
One of my lovers as an example when she was a teen, told me how one girl
accused a guy of sexually assaulting her, rape. He got prison sentence. Later, the
mother of the daughter found out she was lying and told police. Mayhem struck
in Paris but what happened to girl?
Nothing.
No sentence, nothing but her reputation was screwed for the rest of her life. She
did it because she was covering up to make noise due to cheating her boyfriend
and misdirecting her cheating behaviour, because she was caught and then said
she was raped.
And all this talk about how patriarchy blah blah is complete bollocks too because
in all seriousness, feminist today and what has become is noting but playing
games with using words.
Patriarchy is dying they said but when woman needs help at a bar, shit, she is
now looking at every man to save her. When she goes oﬀ thinking she can go oﬀ
being drunk and slap a man, she now looks at other men to protect her.
When woman wants to get wined and dined, she’s talking who pays the bill and
how when man pays it, it shows he got what she needs.
Really?
You fucking talk about ridding patriarch and you behave hypocritical like that?
So it’s because men today, guys, don’t know where woman stands.She’s oﬀ her
fucking head, back and forth,interested, not interested, acting aloof, acting
victim, acting ﬂirting and acting cold.
I mean, decided what you are and way want and stop with the double standards.
You don’#t want man, you do want man, you think men are assholes and yet you
ride his dick for status.
“looks don’t matter.” and yet every guy you go for is all about looks.
“Oh it’s my body,” and yet bitch about men saying no to relationship to then call
him a player. What happened that It’s his body too, his choice too and he can live
his life how he wants too without being labelled as anything.
In UK when research was done, only 7% identiﬁed themselves as feminist
because most see feminism years ago did help women but today, nah, today, it is
nothing but talk on equality but the behaviour is absolutely trash.
Today, you’ll read women at Formula 1 have been ﬁred, lost their jobs because
feminist thought they’d go and complain on why women modelling and walking
about in darts games and now near cars and doing what they do as models.
So the eﬀect of the woman ﬁred with darts game is now happening in formula 1
and they, formula 1 like everyone to believe, it’s due to brand development.

Funny how that kicked oﬀ when with bullshit with metoo and sexual harassment
claims.
More like scared as shit and bending to minority.
Brand development my ass.
What happened to a woman having the free will and choice to work at whatever
job? The right to decide her life and what she wants to do to make money?

These women lost their income, their job and now taking it online using social
media to ﬁght back .
So now women themselves are getting sick of this because of their lifestyle, the
way they enjoy modelling, they love that work.
So most people don’t want it because they see now it’s all nothing but agenda
setting and bashing men and women too, and has nothing to do with equality or
choices for women.
Bashing other women, calling them sluts and whores, saying they are loose
women, saying what they should wear and where they can and cannot work, is
the thing now for feminism.
So much for liberation.
One women, politician as an example was leading race but then she got cocky
and started bashing her opposition, calling him misogynist and ranting away. She
should have stuck to the issues that are important but instead went on full attack
on the man. She lost the plot.
Week later, when she thought she’s winning, thought every woman will rally to
support her but her votes dropped.
He won the election. I’ll ﬁnd her name layer and add it her.
These eﬀect how young guys and older men see how they socialise with
women especially when it comes to dating.
So if you think lots of guys are going to approach especially with lots of fear these
days kicking oﬀ in news and some women talking shit all day, you're going to ﬁnd
most guys wont approach girls at all and most girls don’t really help for that to
happen anyway.
Most guys won’t even socialise with girls and even threaten girls to stay the hell
away if she acts ambiguous and ﬂirting without being clear she is attracted to the
guy and says exactly what she wants from the guy.
Most are unapproachable and though you think sitting around ﬂicking your hair
looking all pretty is going to do it, you might as well go home, sit in your house
and star at the damn wall because nothing is going to happen.
As time goes by, you’re going to ﬁnd this will increase in which guys will not
approach woman at all and focus more in just using technology.

Both, from women and men, the fuck ups has happened over the years and I do
blame the norms, I do blame the cultural aspect of it, the games, the rules, the
double stands, both from women and from men.
So you got two choices right now..
1. Be friendly, approachable and talk to guys so you choose who to date.
2. Or wait for guys to approach you and most who do, well, that what you
can only choose from because you’re waiting, think you’re entitled to be
approached and not go and get what you want by your own free will
The days of doing all that nonsense non-verbal bullshit like guys can read a girls
mind is over. I don’t blame guys either.
Princess days are over.
14.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a woman says you sound like a bad boy, would she be wary of
your intentions?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Don’t fall for that bullshit.
She expects you to start supplicating to her. Avoid doing so. That’s her
perception, her reality and her bullshit, not yours. Something most women
already carry in their head because they always in their head with..
“Alll guys just wants sex.”
“Is he a player, wants me for my body or for my personality.”
Even if you dressed hot, talked without any threatening behaviour, any, she’d still
be cautious.
I have had women say that and I just replied..
Me - I agree to your false perception of me
She shut the fuck up immediately when she realised what I said.
And walked away and it is same woman who then tried to act all nice later on. I
ignored her saying I have no time for her games.
Avoid supplicating to women.
If it was a woman they’d say right here..
“Oh forget him, just be yourself, He’s trying to control you and manipulating, gas
lighting and changing you.”
Leave her and approach someone else.
That is a red ﬂag for you and she’ll try to do all that to get you to chasing,
dangling sex like a carrot, treating you like a doormat.
Walk away from her pathetic shit test because it shows you can’t handle yourself
when challenged and act passive.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thato Molatudi

Why does my girlfriend tell me no one else would take time to
get to know me if we broke up? She says I am frustrating and get
under her skin.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

More like she is fears you’ll abandon her or she’s already got some guy lined up.
Either way, who the hell want to have someone like that as a girlfriend?
She’s just trying to rattle you and make you be passive, walk on eggshells and be
someone to kiss her ass. You know..a..doormat.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

There is this guy friend of mine at my highschool that always
gets crazy when I wear a crop top or something revealing and
he tells me to like "cover my belly". Does that mean that he likes
me (he doesn't do that with other girls)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 30, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tell him to mind is own fucking business. That goes for other girls who also say
that to you. No student or some guy should be telling you what to wear. Ignore
him or just tell him politely, stop telling you what to wear.
Put your yourself ﬁrst than if a guy likes you.
A guy who does isn’t going to say that kind of shit and no, I don’t agree with some
women that showing skin makes some guys embarrassed. Fuck them. That’s their
insecurity and programming not yours.
937 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Marry Smith

I love him but he said there is no future. What does it mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means…there is no future for you and him. It’s not non-verbal communication
most women do. It’s direct for you to see. That from where he is right now, he
does not see commitment with you.
So if you keep going with him, you’ll try convincing him, get ill, can’t eat right,
lose lots of sleep, get into depression when you ﬁnd out he has got married to
someone or has gone into serious relationship with someone else.
That’s what it means - end it and move on.
End it now if you are looking for long-term committed relationship because it is
not going to happen with him.
Someone who is seeing a future with you will say the opposite…
1. I can see a future with us too.
2. There is a world I want to show you
3. I want to see you again and again
4. I want to love you and get to know you even more
5. I’ve fallen deep in love with you
And so his communication will be ﬂow with words of poetry about you amd his
behaviour will be aligned and congruent. He’ll be consistent but also, when that
happen, don’t be insecure about it either or the guy won’t even bother
compliment or showering attention at you.
He’ll plan things with you, on where to go, when to meet and even as question
son what you like to eat, what you don’t so when you do meet, he wants you to
have an incredible experience. He wants to show you he’s the real deal and slam
the brakes to show you, that you may have get some guys but you haven’t yet met
guys like him, and you’re world will rock when you do meet him. So his talk is
always about the future. His talk is always about meeting you and doing things

with you. His talk is always encouraging you to grow, be conﬁdent and believing
in yourself.
It’s deﬁnite type of talk not doubts, not ifs, but, maybe. He says it clearly to you so
you know were you stand with him. God help any woman who tries the if, but,
maybe with such a guy. He’ll not take that nonsense because he knows his value
and he’s had enough experience to know when he hears if, but, maybe and all
kinds of negativity, it means you do not believe in the future with him.
He’ll do crazy things that took hard work, like videos with you and him in it. If
he’s an artists he’ll draw and paint you.
If he’s a poet he’ll write things to make your heart tingle and love it when you do
same as well with him. If he’s all these, he’ll do it all.
He’ll create stuﬀ and send to make you happy.
He’ll ﬂow with so much words and all kinds of stuﬀ, that your mobile phone will
ﬂow with words no fucking guy can even do and can copy.
He’ll be showing his desire to you…if…he’s conﬁdent. a lover type, mature and
isn’t afraid to be direct with you in how he feels.
He won’t be able to stop talking to you or texting you. He may not say it but he’ll
be thinking about you everyday and he’ll be looking forward to all your messages.
His heart will miss a beat when he hears from you but he won’t say it. You’ll see it
in his behaviour. He’s consistent.
He’ll look forward to your messages and he’ll feel hurt when he doesn’t her from
you, he’ll miss you and if you fuck him over, doing silent treatment, which
creates the one thing he hates the most - awkwardness - he’ll slam the door shut
and ﬂy away. He’ll never forgive himself for loving you and he’ll probably never
give you a second chance.
But all of it is because he loves the woman he want to meet and be with, and
experience her world and she experiences his. He’ll make things easier if he could
but if you take it for granted, he’ll never forgive you for it or he’ll probably think
you’re just like the rest.
You know when someone is into you and if such a guy does come along, do
yourself a big favor. Hold onto him tight and treat him the way he desires to be
treated too.
These type of guys who give like that are rare and most hear that but they just
don’t take it to heart until it happens to them.
Move on or you’ll end up getting hurt deeply.
There is no future with him. He has said it.
Listen to the feed back life is giving you.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I am in deep love with someone (a friend)
and she is deeply in love with someone else?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 30, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You move on and you learn from your mistakes.
The mistake is, you avoid putting women on pedestals by painting a block buster
movie in your head and taking so long to ask a woman out. Even if she is a friend
and you got to know more, you hold that feeling called ‘love’ because love is a
choice.

Only immature men and women who do not respect love, have these feelings
before they have asked the person out and then the person says yes, and they still
got some work to do with getting to know in intimate way, in seeing if they are
compatible, to experience time together to make the decision that it is love.
Attraction is not a choice.
It’s KABOOM. It’s hormones.
It’s chemicals and I am not saying it to belittle it either.
It’s natural.
It’s awesome feeling, beautiful but…you got to be mature, you got to be a person
who is far ahead of your emotions and think like a warrior who embraces these
feelings but he is also self aware of why these feelings happen.
He knows that before he even calls it love, strong decisions are made and these
decisions cannot happen by looking at a woman, or by even her being a friend,
but by ﬁrst the intent is direct, she says yes, and then a process of experience
together happens for a period of time for man to be able to have many questions
answered.
He then makes a decision and love is that - a decision.
That decision doesn’t happen like attraction - Kaboom! Click.
It happens gradual through ﬁrst being intimate with the person in many ways
and many questions have been answered.
But if man is like a 16 year horny boy or girl, then they are not self aware then he
will not be self aware, mature, experienced and got his shit together.
So now you move on because she is already attracted to someone and deeply into
him. You need to move on.
Your question has already been answered.
She has shown her intent and so you cannot make any decision about moving
forward with her but to avoid emotionally investing anymore with her.
This is the diﬀerence between a man who has integrity and does not supplicate to
women from a man who has women on a pedestal.
It is a very big diﬀerence.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Avilash Ghosh

Would you be able to know if you would potentially date a girl
by seeing only a picture?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I will need to have communication ﬁrst. For example, a woman can be very
attractive but I still need for us to communicate because I need to ﬁnd out about
compatibility, personality and if we got chemistry and I can’t do that with…just…
looking at a photograph.
I don’t see a woman as an example even when socialising outside in life where
just because she’s attractive, that I make a decision to want to date her.
I make a decision to ﬁrst ﬁnd out if she qualiﬁes in seeing if she’s worth my time
to invest anymore and that’s before I even ask a woman out. I want to ﬁnd out if
she’s a psycho or someone friendly, a nut job or someone mature, someone who is
exciting, fun, open minded like I am, sees world how I see. I want to see if when I
ﬂirt what her mindset is like.

Can I get along with her?
Is her inner beauty the same as her outer beauty too or ugly as fuck and is going
to bring nothing but drama in my life, make the experience shit and I can ﬁnd
that out by how she handles herself.
So some interaction, communication and even then she maybe awesome but
then I ﬁnd out she is. I ﬁnd something is up, I ﬁnd she likes judging guys. I ﬁnd
she has this mentality of entitlement.
Found many women who act entitled and out of their heads.
They look great, sound great but suddenly, the mask comes oﬀ and I now see
something they thought they could hide and lie about to all reveal itself to me.
There’s a process I go through, I’m rational and got lots of experience to calm
myself and to look further.
I don’t have women a pedestal.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Pieter De Groot

How do you know your signiﬁcant other really loves you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Can you tell if your signiﬁcant other really loves you?

I don’t look for that.
You know what I look at?
How I feel.
If I feel shit, I know something is going on. I don’t have to be smart feeling some
toxic is happening. I don’t have to question my feelings of feeling shit due to
some vibe. I don’t even have to question their behaviour.
I don’t doubt it.
I know when I feel shit. I know the person is doing something to me and that
feeling is making me feel so damn crap, it tells me who they are or it tells me they
got a heck of a lot to learn how to behave with those they say they care about and
love.
And so when you feel you got hit by a truck, you don’t go around googling about
what it means. You trust that feeling you feel. It’s real. It’s hurting you.
It’s telling you something..
It’s saying..
“End this right now, good way or bad but end this. They don’t deserve you. You can
do better!”
And you end it.
I don’t need to question like most do, google, look for behaviour or hidden
meaning or code. My feelings are gold. I trust them. I don’t decide straight away. I
do talk but again, I’ll feel what’s going.
Moment I talk and I see a behaviour of silence, or a behaviour of some sort which
shows to me even more, well, forget me being all gentleman, all moral type man, I
shut that door so fast like I am driving a Ferrari.
My feelings will tell me “this isn’t right. This is wrong. This is toxic. Moving on.”

Move on I do even if I love the person deeply and it hurts greatly. Yes, it hurts, it
really does because I love the person but I cannot go on feeling shit and I know
they won’t change, or no matter what I say I know compatibility is not there, I’ll
be unhappy with them.
Blocking someone, cutting them oﬀ completely for me is one of the hardest
decision I do. It hurts because I’ll miss the parts of them I fell in love with. I leave
knowing I have taken memory of them with me and left memory of me with them
but that’s how it is.
Nothing you can do about that.
I move on.
If you have to ask the question, if you go and google then you know something is
terrible wrong. You feel it. It HURTS. It hurts you. You can feel it.
Trust that feeling and move on, far away from that person.
They’ll learn the hard way and if they don’t, well, it’s no concern of yours. You did
your best, loved, given, tried but it wasn’t enough.
Move on.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

What if you tried to be nice and the one you tried to text won't
text you back after 2 years?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wow. 2 years?
I don’t have patience for two days, never mind 2 years. You need to go out more
and meet tons of people than waiting for one person.
Still, I don’t know the full story…
Rarely people ever tell the full story and so we never know what happened in
intial meeting face to face or online. Whether you hurt this person with
something you did or there was no attraction there in the ﬁrst place, or you bored
them wth idle small talk chatter or your texting was just boring, or the person is
busy or whatever.
So we can only assume and don’t know if it’s an ex who is pissed oﬀ for being
treated like crap or just someone you don’t know well and so there’s really no
common ground, no attraction or what we call a connection, a true connection
was made from the beginning.
I can only go on what the question is and not know the context..
Best to move on.
Go out and meet tons of new people.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alexandria Rising

What is your perception on nurses?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From nurses I met…
They are hard working, nurturing, loving and they care a lot. I haven’t met a
nurse who doesn’t. That’s my perception though and experiences.

I remember when I was in hospital and that doesn’t happen much, just once
when I was in my 20s. They were smiling, friendly and if I wanted anything they
weren’t rude at all. Sometimes it took time but you could see they were really
busy rushing back and forth and it never stopped
They are most of the time on their feet if not all the time doing the hard work, and
with patients and doctors.
So I admire them a lot.
That’s what makes Nurses beautiful.
It’s their heart.
I hope that whenever they go home their partner gives an awesome massage and
has food cooked, ready because man, the work they do, none stop, heavy work
not just physically but emotionally and mentally too.
From some I met, they are a great laugh too. I always got along with them
especially friends who became nurses.
The one thing that saddens me the most is they don’t get paid enough and they
are sometimes taken for granted. They do so much work, they also help doctors,
the knowledge they got is huge and some people do not realise that even doctors
rely a lot on nurses and with them, nothing is going to run smoothly. It be a
disaster without the nurses.
So for me, my perception is - they are heroes and I hope they get much love
wherever they go and respect too. They deserve that and a lot more for the work
that they do and the passion, care they put into every patient.
And I hope they know that too and how so many all over world appreciates their
dedication, conviction, care and love they put into their work and into each
person who needs their help.
They got to do this again and again, and sometimes they are the ears of their
patients, listening to so many of their problems patiently, with a smile. We see
movie star actors as heroes, red carpets and ﬂashing lights, cover magazines
about their lives and videos, to social media viral news…
But if there was any red carpet and all these celebs get, it be the nurses.
They are the silent heroes.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop being excited with everyone I ﬁrst meet in my
life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with being excited. It’s actually part of your charismatic
personality. What you can do is listen more if you feel you’re talking a lot and not
breathing and giving space for conversation to happen both ways.
So you can ask questions but when they talk and they ﬁnished you can expand
what they said more to know the person more and ﬁnd out more about what they
shared in a sincere way because you like to know.
This helps you to pace yourself but you can still be exciting as you are.
You just need to breathe, give space for the two way conversation to happen and
not to talk and behave in a way that you so want their acceptance or approval.
At the same time avoid acting like an asshole or some bitch.

So think like this..
1. Two way conversation
2. Giving space for me to know the person
3. For the person to know you
As for being excited, nah, stay as you are.
We need people like you in this world or we’ll get fucking bored and we need to
feel your passion. I don’t want to socialise with a robot but someone who is
exciting about life and passionate about people and life.
So let it rip, you’ll be ﬁne.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Klaus Nelke

Will you marry a woman with a high libido?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, because that isn’t the only thing I look for when it comes to compatibility.
And I have married before and won’t marry again.
I have an emotional language, I have personality and I know how shit it can be for
both if we are not compatible in this. I’ve been there and just on that alone it can
really mess communication up.
It doesn’t guarantee a relationship and it doesn’t guarantee success of a
relationship.
I only know myself. I can only control myself and even then, that’s diﬃcult too
because of emotions, of insecurities we all have in some way, the perception and
a lot of things that can make life complex.
I’ll be looking at many things for relationship…
Is she monogamous? I am not monogamous. If she is, we’re done.
Moving on. We are not compatible. Best to move on and no heartaches.
Has she had experience in relationships?
Has she been successful in past relationships?
What is her views on what’s happening right now in world?
Does she have good social skills?
Has she knowledge and skills in building rapport?
Has she knowledge and skills regarding ﬂirting, sexual tension?
Is she happy with her life right now and what makes her happy?
Has she knowledge regarding relationship management?
Does she follow people and easily inﬂuenced by the vacume mainstream
media creates or is she inﬂuenced by people to follow the crowd because
she fears not being accepted and judged?
What’s her goals, what is her ambition, what is her dreams? I’m not
saying if she doesn’t work or does, it some big massive decision but it
tells me a lot more about how she sees herself and life, and the world she
is in and how she engages the world.
Does she see sex as a prize, a barter, a trophy, a thing to validate her and
to be entitled for a relationship?

Or does she thinks sex deﬁnes herself worth and that sex is some
bargaining power, a carrot she dangles and so if she don’t get what she
had in her mind, she gets upset, feels used?
Is she dominant or submissive?
What’s her views on kinky sex, bondage etc cetre.
Feelings..
Does she trust me?
Is she judging me?
Can I trust her?
Do I feel safe with her?
Does she feel safe with me?
Is she being open with me/vulnerable?
Can we communicate without games or we just cannot ﬁnd common
ground here and it’s too diﬃcult, and hit and miss?
Is she making this diﬃcult for me?
Is there consistency in her behaviour?
Is she jealous and possessive? We can’t be perfect but there are levels of
this that can go too far and it’s tiresome.
Can she show aﬀection or can’t she?
Has she empathy or not?
You see, I look at many things and it can be very fast in knowing these tings or
slower. It can be one question and I ﬁnd the answer and I feel..
“No, we’re not compatible. Great to meet you. Bye.”
It can be I’m dating and just a few meeting and forget it. It can be we are in
relationship ad suddenly I see something that I haven’t and it’s not congruent to
who she says she is.
Sex is very important to me but so are other things. Marriage is a contract, it
comes with legal implications.
A woman having a sexy high libido will not stop me thinking with my mind
instead of my dick. There’s more to marriage most take for granted and
uneducated about and even relationship without marriage.
So even if I am not looking at marriage and I am in relationship I’ll still be asking
these questions and looking at not words alone but behaviour.
I’ll be looking at how congruent she is to who she says she is.
For any man to marry a woman just because she has high sex libido, he’s not
thinking ahead.
That’s how so many men and women get fucked over later on when reality hits
them. They don’t see the bigger picture.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Diallo Balkissa

Was it bad of me to tell somebody that likes me that I used to
like them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, because you wouldn’t say that only when you are playing a transactionall
game. The transactional game is when you say or do things to get a reaction or a
response, which we call strokes.
So you did that for no other reason but for you to feel superiority, to hurt
someone or to get revenge. You didn’t get validated like you wanted to and so you
thought you was entitled to be validated in way you saw in your head.
You collected stamps for another day.
Stamps is something you collect psychologically to one day stick it on that person
or what you’d hear in phrases in movies…
“stick it to them.”
It was hurtful thing to say.
You don’ have to pretend to be dumb about it.
You knew what you was saying and that person you said it to also knows.
People aren’t stupid but they may have a lot of empathy that is all but not stupid.
They care but they are not stupid. They are loving not stupid. They avoid conﬂict
and awkwardness but they are not stupid.
People fear what others think of them to avoid saying and do what they so want to
do and say but they are not stupid. Let’s call it social pressure or peer pressure or
the masses to social groups think they got power to control people’s lives like they
are entitled.
They do things to control individuals, social groyps and even genders. It usually
backﬁres when they meet someone who has nothing to lose and usually a Bad
Boy or a woman who had enough of being used by society to control her for their
own agenda like power, money, fame.
Have a talk with your ego and leave that person alone or be polite.
If you want to build bridges with someone you’re attracted to or like, don’t insult
their intelligence like you didn’t know what you was saying or doing.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What are examples of love poems with metaphors?
Adam Taha, When everyone is asleep I spend time writing rhymes, poems and
lyrics
Answered Jan 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The smoke from the colliding meteorites have lifted
Like the muﬄing fog drifting over the ocean
And as I look at the bottom rum glass liquid
I know I don’t need any love potion
I remember you
Your skin sparkle like white sands of Indian ocean
Waves of Stampede Stallions charging in synchronized motion
Golden hair like untold dreams waiting under the sun
Poppies glow on your cheeks to feel your emotion
I still remember you
Even when the stormy winged gulls cry in despair
I can still feel the smell of your long golden hair
The ﬁrst kiss in my dreams taunt me like the crystal air
And though I feel it must have been a dream
I believe you may exist somewhere out there
Yes, I still remember you

1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe in friendships after a breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure and it depends on factors of what happened in the relationship and how
I felt. If I feel there was game, manipulation, or I got hurt then no. I don’t mean
hurt because of break up.
I mean hurt because of how we got to the breakup, things that happened to lead
to it. I am someone who hates games, manipulation and it’s why I have always
been direct in all I do.
So yes, but it depends on how I feel, what happened in the relationship and prior
to the breakup.
What I don’t believe is a person after breakup does so out of manipulation, out of
hope of getting back together; like it is done in a disguise way and it’s not really
true intent of friendship.
There is a diﬀerence in wanting friendship than feeling entitled to it and also
making friendship work as there’s lots of emotions, feeling, hurt if prior to the
breakup it didn’t end well for whatever reason.
Sometimes, and most of the time, breakups don’t happen like the movies. They
become messy, hurtful, we become diﬀerent people in so many ways, and angry
and especially for myself - I can go oﬀ be angry for a long time. So even one likes
to be a friend, it is sometimes out of their control because it’s not about them but
about someone else’s feelings.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Patrick Kozyra

Would you write a poem about anything? I’d love to read it.
Adam Taha, When everyone is asleep I spend time writing rhymes, poems and
lyrics
Answered Jan 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A New Beginning.
From the corner of her eye she saw him restless and dreaming
He rests his glasses on the bench and his head is shaking
He’s puzzled why he is there and thinks no one can see him talking
He gets up and leans on his stick and starts walking
Bathing under the sunlight like the world for him is new
Feeling the cool blades of grass of morning dew
He seemed to carry the world on his shoulders too
He fell, she ran and he responded with “thank you”
He couldn’t help to ask her a question or two
‘Is the sky ﬁlled with million colours or vibrant blue?’
But before she could answer he asked, ‘Tell me, do I know you?’
‘I sense I do and I can smell the perfume, is it Chleo?’
‘No, silly me, just a fool thinking out loud, it cannot be you’
‘It’s due to the fragrance you wear with Vanilla and Rose, it’s true
‘I lie not. I can smell the headily kick of patchouli, rich sense empowering you
‘Yes,’ she said, ‘it’s Chleo, musky warmth that lasts longer than most scents do’
“Ah yes!’ he exclaimed, ‘so tell me, what it feels like for man to love you?’
He couldn’t see the sadness that cloaked her face
He could only feel the energy and her heart race

‘I’m sorry’ he said,’if I upset you as it was not my place to ask’
‘I am a fool to ask such questions, yes I am a bit brash’
She wrapped her ﬁngers around his and said…
It is like the cool breeze that catches your breath
And the warm energy spreading from your chest
The overwhelming incredible rush of desire
Pulsating and throbbing in unison like a symphonic choir
Like the blast of electric bolts to feel the aching tension
The ball of energy builds up in between before the ascension
Spears of lightening penetrating your body to feel the vibration
Anticipation so keen to light up your imagination
As I catalogue the beautiful landscape of plains, tight abs in motion
All thoughts become superﬂuous but they turn into one
With breathless urgency and desire you feel the bold caress of his tongue
Agile ﬁngers fondle as he hears the beckoning of my siren’s song
As I whisper - I want you so bad, mon amour, I have for far too long
We are blown apart by the heat and my brain doesn’t focus
I desire the brutal strength of his passion and I hope he’d notice
I want to feel his brazen hands between my damp creamy thighs
Burning, trembling and yearning due to the borrowed time I’ve ﬂaunted
But now I am in his presence, in love and he’s all I ever wanted
A thousand brazen hands massage the contour of my neck
As tensions in my body melts away he asks to double check
I beg him to breach my every defenses and how I love how he is direct
To feel the building of the gripping sensation and all its eﬀects
My body surges into him and I am breathtakingly aware
He whispers words that has caused many women to hyperventilate and dare
He chuckles like a Bad Boy at my goose bumps as I contemplate
I worry if I am too skinny, tall, short, ugly or overweight
His words reassure me cause he treats me like a goddesses
Caressing and kissing every curve and dip and fear never robs us
I’m charged with excitement and I let go of being modest
I let it happen because I want the stars to sing and dance for us
Clenching ﬁstful of my skirt up my thighs as he pulls me closer
I circled his hard length with my hands and my heart pounds faster
Coaxing me to abandon my fears, I complied without thought to my Master
Blood humming through my veins I cannot help but to fall deeper
I drank freely from him as he devastated my control
Driving force of his kiss in my ﬂower place makes me forget the world
Escaped from my inhibition to hear my true nature call
Driving in my hips to reassure him with, ‘I want it all!’
Eyes slide shut in ecstasy and stretches me wider with calmness of Don Juan
Penetrating my feminine portal as I ﬂicked his buttons one by one
Sliding away the French cut panties and lacy bra cup
Grasped my knees and eased them apart as ﬂesh fused into one
My head twisting frantically as his hard thighs crowns my hips
Rolling his tongue round and round my pinkish sweet lips
Teasing my tiny bud to arch and buck my rising hips

As tongue skimmed up and down my tender lips
Each touch provokes me to cry from ecstasy and pleasure
As tremors rise and awaken his beast to grunt and as I groan louder
Shackling his raging lust to seek all my inner secrets
Shock waves of pleasure sizzle as I urge him to ride me harder and faster
His Husky voice showering me with urgent command as I moan
Igniting his hunger for more as I feel known sensations and unknown
Together we ﬂew past planets and galaxies into our own void
We made our milky ways and my nightmares were overthrown
Keening sound ﬁlled the room as I threw back my head and arch
Long liquid kiss rush lust to breakthrough the dark
Long slow ride of delight to stretch my legs wider apart
Molten waves of pleasure as we made love like it is art
Eyes rolled back as he sneaks into my heart
Narcotic power of his voice picks up the rhythm of the ride
My body shudders with desire as I feel the rising of the tide
Stripping away my restraints as his ﬁngers slide inside
Tongue dipped as rainbow colours dance and meteorites collide
And I’, transcended beyond physical pleasure to unbearable heights
Another ﬁnger circles my swollen bulb to roll back my eyes
Unchanging delicious feelings and claim what I once denied
Consumed by the shuddering climax to hear my cry of release
Like a lioness I pounce onto his tangy taste and male scent on my knees
Soft coziness of passion aftermath and bathed in his kisses
We are wrapped in a web of magic and his loving caresses
Do you remember now my Master, before your eyes were taken
Given to me as a gift by you…when my world was shaken
He turned his face and though he couldn’t see
Some memories ﬂowed to him but not so easily
She leaned her head on his shoulder and listened attentively
‘I remember like it’s a pieces of glass, memories are slowly fading’
‘Keep reminding me of and these memories won’t go into hiding ’
His words provoke a to cry and says with her quavered voice she starting
singing…
‘You came into my world like a surprise and at ﬁrst it was frightening’
‘Bold, quick without hiding
Awakening my natural spirit with lightening’
‘I realised with you I can hear the stars sing and my heart racing’
‘I’ll be your eyes. we’ll create new memories’ and like stars we’ll keep shining
‘This is not the end but a new beginning…my darling.’
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend wanted to have anal sex, I told her no because she
had a stinky butt hole, what excuse would you have used?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 27, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is it you don’t want to or there’s a another reason?
If it’s because you don’t want to then you can politely say “you’re not into anal
sex and it’s not your thing.”

That’s really it.
You don’t need to explain anything else. You’re not into anal sex. If she pushes
further, then ﬁnd someone who respects your boundaries and you.

If it’s not the real reason and it is about hygiene then below is for that.
To use what is called a water enema. Of course put some towels on
bathroom ﬂoor so she can then empty herself into the toilet. You can buy
this kit at a large drug store or online.
Here’s a video so at least you see what I mean in more detail.
There are many others and articles about this you can read online. I’m sure you’ll
ﬁnd some on quora as well…

1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can you share a poem of your own creation?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jan 26, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Vultures circle the sky as crows peck at her marble corpse
Corruption, greed, prejudice and favors is how it now works
Bloggers to mainstream and anonymous source
And everyone’s opinion is now the judge and supreme court
The ghost of founding fathers sit with her in deep remorse
Waiting to bring Lady Justice to life again so the judging is in the courts
But so many got trapped in the vacuum of the mainstream reports
Society got caught up in watching the modern witch hunt sport
Gone are the days when innocent until proven guilty is applied
Reason and law is pushed aside for the undigniﬁed
And that’s when the power of mainstream media is gloriﬁed
That became the day when the Lady of Justice died

9 Views · View Upvoters

What do you really think of a grown man who still reads MAD
magazine and gets a laugh?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 26, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am in my 40s, I bought this book two days ago…

And this one…because I’d get home and it be gone because one of my lovers fell
in love with Calvin and Hobbes too…

So for me, I really don’t care what others think if I read these.
Humour I ﬁnd is for those of high intellect. It is a skill most do not have and did
not develop and so is fun too.
It makes me relax, life is serious enough as it is and if a woman got problem with
it and calls it childish - that’s my qualiﬁer to know I don’t want her in my life. I
like fun and so fun is a big thing for me, to smile, to relax, not feel so bothered
about what other people think.
In fact, all my dating books I am writing is in comic form so it’s fun to read and
relaxing to read. Even if people won’t apply it to their life, because it takes
courage to do it and well, some folks are strong in comfort zone - but… at least
they still got something to read and have a laugh.
I see as a way to also just relax, take a break from the world and just enjoy a good
laugh. Life is serious as it is. Good to chill and take a break.
So to my Quora followers…here’s Calvin and Hobbes…hope it makes you laugh
and smile…

Stay young.
Life doesn’t always have to be all grown up, so serious.
We all got a child in us that’s fun, curious and wants to let go and be free..and…
have a laugh at ourselves :)
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't men show/share their emotions the way women do?
Adam Taha, I love reading books on leadership.
Updated Feb 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
When man shows anger, it is seen man as threatening when we are same as
woman, having many diﬀerent emotions.
When man shows desires, it is seen as man is a sexual predator
When average man ﬂirts directly not indirectly he is called a creep. When he is
hot good looking he is seen as sexy hot guy.
Full case study of what you see below here

When man opens up his emotions, he hears “be a man and stand the fuck up”
When man shares how he feels, he is punished with silent treatment and even if
it’s a day or two, or week, it creates deep trauma and pain for man, to be closed oﬀ
from the woman. He will walk away from such a woman and never open up to her
again or stay and be miserable,closed oﬀ as he hides his feelings.
When he shows compassion, mercy, he is seen weak to most women.
When he does not stand up for woman he is seen as a coward.
When a woman rapes a teen she is give light sentence and no sex oﬀender
registery…

When a kills his wife, it is murder and sentenced to many years in prison. No
excuses are given.
When woman, Clara Harris confronts her husband and his mistress at a hotel and
the runs over a husband 3 times for cheating, as her teenaged stepdaughter sat in

the passenger seat. they give excuses and say she did it out of passion, and her
relatives, friends, other people know how bad he was, blah blah blah…

When a girl can walk up to a young boy in school and slap him and knows she will
not get done for it…and thinks…she is entitled to do this because she a girl….

When a man dates 10 women, going on new dates every week he is seen as a
player. When a woman is dating diﬀerent men every week she is seen as “keeping
her options open,” and it’s “a competition.”
When a man says words that is sexiest he’s a misogynist but when a woman who
is even a politician, a senator says such words, she abuses her power and says…
“I’m sorry you’re so oﬀended by the use of the word, it is a word that’s used, I’m
surprised that you are so shocked.”
So is a lot of words but that doesn’t mean you go and use them but here she was
using it and making excuses for it’s use..

When a man walks away from a woman who wants to date a lot but no physical
touch, sex, he is seen as a sexual predator, a just wants sex and seen as a “bad
boy” instead of exercising his right to say no to this relationship model and norm

way. That he too has the freedom and the right to say no to what she wants and
can walk away without being labelled as a player, douche, jerk and bad boy.
When a woman walks away because she doesn’t want sex she is seen as a woman
who has standards and “good” woman and a woman who has “respect.”
Because most women cannot take a strong man who cries, who breaks down, who
is tired and had enough ﬁghting everyone. He has to always be strong, brave and
courageous against anything.
That he doesn’t suﬀer depression, he never gets stressed out, he gets turned on
everyday for sex because he’s a man and men only think about sex so that’s what
men supposed to be. Like he can turn that sexual desire instantly anyway,
whenever he wants, just like that because he’s..got..a…dick. He supposed to be
able to have it up every time and be in the mood every time because…men only
think of….sex.
That a man doesn’t get raped and that it doesn’t happen often…
Here’s 5 facts about Male Rape and things you don’t see on the fucking news
everyday while you would about women being raped, sexually asaulted and
harrassed..

On the streets, a group were doing a protest, a woman walked right up to them
and made claims that..
“ALL men sexually assaulted women. ALL.”
She later tryed to coerce and acted like a victim until enough was enough, as she
got into the face of these guys to be thrown on street.
Moment that happened she began to act like a victim, crying how she was
assaulted and she did nothing.
Who came to her aid?
The police oﬃcers to arrest her ass because it was all ﬁlmed. That’s how men got
to be like these days. Record fucking everything.
When you do….

Because while most women say they look at personality and not the looks, the
evidence is very clear in many men’s lives that is not the case. Looks do matter,
appearances do matter. No woman as an example is going to be attracted to a
man sleeping in the street as a beggar and yet he maybe a man who was once CEO
who got bankrupt or once a husband who lost everything due to a divorce battle
and lost any custody of his children to ﬁnd himself spiral down into even
thoughts of suicide.
When man sends message to mainstream media he is being abused he is laughed
at and how can a woman abuse and sexually assault a man. When woman sends
message to mainstream media it is an outcry and the whole world hears about
and it hits every channel, broadcast company, video platforms, bloggers pound
their keyboards.
When it’s a woman, she can claim anything and ma will get hit from every a
corner in society to mainsream media and forgetting the law - innocent until
proven guilty. It is not seen as slander because the claim they make is that this is
what happened and seen as fact, because everyone is saying it.
When it’s a man, he is breaking the law, it is slander and a woman is being
victimized and her life and reputation being ruined.
So when its a woman, it’s MASSIVE GLOBAL NEWS.
When it’s men getting sexually assaulted….it’s not big news and not even a blip
on the social media and mainstream world…

And you hear, “oh it’s not more than women getting sexually assaulted” like they
don’t get it. It’s not suppose to happen to anyone, period. It’s sick. It’s fucking
evil. It’s injustice to any human being. It violates their whole being, man or
woman.
Because society is socially conditioned with portrayal of Rambo, Terminator type
of man, Masculine seen as someone tough always not really the truth that
Masculinity is about leadership, about man loves freedom and for him to be
himself.
Because…most men don’t trust women and they have every right not to trust
some women when it comes to their feelings and emotions.
Because women are known to say one thing and mean something else and so
most men do not trust what women say and need it clear, direct but always ﬁnd
most of time, most women play conversation games

and pushing buttons to

test man making it diﬃcult for many women today as other men experience
these games.

Because we live in a dangerous world ﬁlled with Covert Narcissist women

and I

believe the world is ﬁlled with far more women who are Covert Narcissist than
men.
Because some women are dangerous to be trusted.
Because some women think they can threaten men and be entitled for friendship
and and communicate indirectly, using someone else’s pain, suﬀering to say - if
you do not be our friend, we will see you as a predator and someone who and
someone perceived as a man who sexually assaults women, because who wouldn’t
want to be friends with women…except a sexual predator. The dirty politics of “if
you’re not feminist, if you’re not with us then you are against us. You must be guilty
then of something…

Women can say all sorts and even the consent forms are bullshit.
She can say anything and will believed..
I was signed it under pressure.
I signed it when I was tipsy
I signed it because I felt scared
I signed it because I felt uncomfortable
I signed it because (wait for it now)….but I changed my mind
And so she is immediately seen as a victim and man gets fucked over and we’ll
hear the same bullshit..
“Toxic Masculinity…”
Always attacking Masculinity but when men attack Femininity, it’s a diﬀerent
story altogether because women cannot be aggressive, women cannot be violate,
women are not predators, women are princess, fragile, innocent, pressured in this
world and on the double standard goes.
Do you really think men will trust women and women in general when he hears
this from women, who think they are entitled for man’s attention, time,

resources, and even friendship and relationship and marriage, and children, and
wining and dining.
Because some women use non verbal cues themselves and have been excused by
society for them to be able to do that. Society and it’s norm has made it so they
can do that and be excused for it.
They re not direct about their desires to men they are attracted to, and act like
princess to be bought with wining and dining, and are players, and then slut
shame men as players when both are playing power game and see dating and
relationship as competition.

Because…there are too many double standards.
Because…we don’t trust most women. Most are still ambiguous and use nonverbal cues and think that’s feminine. It’s not for many men. It’s confusing. When
men are direct…we are seen as “aggressive” and “desperate.”
Because most woman still behave in a manner where they want man to read their
minds when we cannot read their minds and then expect us to be direct and
upfront about how we feel. Hypocritical.
Because most women have to earn that trust and not entitled for man to show
these emotions just because she’s….a….woman.
Because, no matter how we say we are equal, there will always be the mainstream,
organisations and yes, women too push the message…that man and woman are
competitors, man is the predator, and woman is always no matter what
happens….is the victim…. she is always the one who gets taken advantage of not
the man, and man should…man up…and…stay quiet..etc cetre.
Because now, man have heard it loud and clear, that woman and society cannot
diﬀerentiate a bad date from sexual assault, a compliment from sexual
harassment
Because there is far too many grey areas with woman and now man today is
losing total trust in women and it looks like, many now will not approach women,
will not talk to women, will not even sit with women, will not compliment women
and will probably now not bother dating either and focus on money and hire
woman for whatever their hearts desire.
That way it is direct, no grey areas and woman who desired men for relationship
and now screwed, ﬁnished and will ﬁnd as time goes by, many men will focus
their attention to something else.
Don’t be surprised when robots look like women, speak like women, and spitting
image of them, and can do sex, that many men will buy these robots.
It sounds crazy doesn’t it but not so when we see what happens when a woman
makes claims of sexual assault, when mainstream media becomes the judge and

jury, and when men also see other men as predators, fucking it up for other men
and women.
Because…it has also become dangerous for men and it has always been so in
foreﬁtting their lives in wars, in battling men in streets, in bars and even in
divorce proceedings.
Today, it is dangerous for many men to even be alone with a woman because just
in case he ﬁnds himself being in a storm of claims that he sexually harassed or
sexually…and..women will even use that to think they are entitled for friendship
and use,…
“Oh if you’re not our friend, then you must be a sexual predator. If you don’t have
women as friends, you must be hiding something.”
18k Views · View Upvoters

I want to talk to my ex through telepathy. Is it possible?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll make it easier for you and that way you don’t need to believe me or anyone
else. The facts will happen right before your eyes..
Here’s what to do..
Find a close friend who can keep their mouth shut. Someone you can really trust.
You stay in the living room and your friend in the kitchen. You got paper and pen
and your friend has paper and pen
Then write down what you want to say and don’t show it to your friend.
Now do it.
Use Telepathy for you to bounce your words into your friend’s mind.
When done, call your friend into the living room and see what they wrote.
AND..walla!
You ﬁnd it doesn’t work ;)
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How should I apologize to a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How should I apologize to a girl?

1. It doesn’t matter if the person is a woman or man. This is for any gender.
just say you’re sorry for hurting her.
2. The way you said this or did this. Mention what you did so she knows
what you are sorry for.
3. Mention you value the connection and you want to ﬁx this mess, because
she’s been such an amazing friend, if she will let give you the
opportunity to ﬁx this mess.
4. Avoid pointing out anything about what she did or said. Avoid it because
it’s justifying. No long story. Just apologise.
Make what you say is sincere.
Saying sorry isn’t enough and saying it to feel better is not good enough but
apologizing and showing empathy by revealing how you value the
connection/relationship with her and you want to ﬁx it, is huge.

Appreciate, when you apologise, it will trigger memory of the pain you caused her
by your action or words. There is a psychological issue here and it’s not about you
but about the person who is hurt.
You must then respect the decision she gives, and says.
If she says she doesn’t accept your apology, or she does but she doesn’t want
anything to do with you anymore, don’t ask why and please don’t come on here
asking what it means.
Also if she doesn’t reply to your apology, respect her space and move on. The
person is hurt, they are angry and it takes a lot of time for some people, even
myself, and I am strong, to cool down.
And please, don’t do it again if she accepts your apology. It takes a lot to trust a
person and you can build trust through months to years but it can crumble just
like that in a matter of seconds.
You give an apology not to score points in your favor or to win something, You do
it because you feel the other person’s pain, and you valued the relationship and
you want to ﬁx the mess so you can both grow and move forward together, if
possible.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How did you understand that a woman is falling for you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t.
Thinking for myself is already hard work. Why would I also do the thinking for
her too? I don’t look for hints, signs and yes, there will be lots of cues but I don’t
bother going there.
Instead I do what has always worked for me.
I listen to direct verbal communication. I can’t read minds and ambiguity is
dangerous to assume anything.
Second, I’m direct myself. Congruent in what I desire, live by and do. So if I see a
woman I am attracted to, I don’t assume anything but approach. My mindset is
already..
“She’s attracted to me.”
That#s why I am calm, ﬂirty, having fun and bold.
It’s not..
“Oh what if she doesn’t like me. She’s out of mu league. OMG! She looks hot.”
Meh, I don’t think in those lines. So it is faster for me, to either get a yes or no,
and if it’s a no, I don’t take it personal because I know one thing which most
women won’t tell you and most men don’t know.
Women don’t know what they want. They even fool themselves because it’s all
genetics, biological and psychological.
It’s all about feeling and so when they feel that click, they think it’s
“Yes, it feels right with this guy.”
But what it can really mean is, is he’s comfortable in his own skin, conﬁdent, has
status, is congruent in himself and she knows, with that guy she can be who she
wants to be and never be judged like she would with some nice guy who thinks

about virgins, and cultural programming on “good girls,” and they know that type
of guy by how he behaves.
He’s hesitant.
He’s the type of guy who puts women on pedestal.
He’s the guy who whines and bitches about bad boys. He calls other women sluts,
whores, too easy. He’s the guy who cannot take a no. He’s the guy who thinks he’s
nice but really only to hot girls and acts like a douche when he gets a no.
If guys did more approaching, learned to move on faster, they’d get a yes from a
woman. They’d not waste time being emotional support advises like they are
working for Samaritans, they’ll not fall for women’s language on..
“Oh she might be going through a hard time, just be there for her,”
That’s predictable for women. That’s them being the mothering, nurturing and
protecting and also can have jealousy twist to it but it’s most of time protecting
their friend.
They don’t realise that a for man it is time consuming, it is an emotional
investment, it is life threatening, it is suicidal, He would rather approach many
women than orbit around one woman who isn’t half as interested in him as he is
in her.
So it’s woman’s loss if she don’t move her ass and say so.
She’ll never know and I won’t either but hey, it’s far better than thinking for
myself than having to do the thinking for someone else and wonder why or if so,
or maybe.
Meh. I’ll miss the gems in life if I do that.
I can only take care of my mind and so it is much faster for me to approach what I
am attracted to and now I become the chooser and though I may get rejected here
and there, I am still the chooser because I approach and can move on, while she
will be sitting around waiting for someone to come along or doing hints here and
there to some guy who won’t even bother because he will fear…rejection.
These times we live in is dangerous for men. You can’t assume, looking for cues.
You got to get a Yes or a No, or forget it.
To assume is dangerous.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my ex narc's new wife send me a message? I have
been in no contact with him since the discard. She was
accusing me of posting about him and looking at her Facebook.
I have never said anything about him & blocked her.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s one of his ﬂying monkeys.
Start reading, educate yourself and learn more. You need to have already known
this answer through educating yourself about Narcissists.
Ignore and don’t fall for the trap.
It’s to get you to feel what you’re feeling now and start falling for the lies, to
respond, to react and get in touch with him. It’s also to feed back what you said or
did when his ﬂying monkey (his new wife) contacted you, if it’s really her. As
Alfred mentioned, it can be him using her Facebook account without her
knowing.

Stay no contact.
Say nothing.
Ignore…ignore…ignore and show no feelings, nothing.
He’ll pull every trick in the book, and that includes using others and inﬂuencing
them to contact you to ﬁsh for information or to get you to contact him.
It’s a classic Narcissist move.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What can men do that women cannot?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not thinking about anything.
Her - A penny for your thoughts
Me - I wasn’t thinking about anything
Her - How can you stare out of a window and not be thinking about anything
Me - I don’t know. Just do
Her - So when you was staring that day in night club, what was that?
Me - I was tired, staring just at a lights going round and not thinking anything
Her - Seriously?
Me - Yes, why?
Her - My friends told me that if a guy does that, it means he’s losing interest in
you
Me - You friends? I bet they read Cosmo and all those women magazines.
Her - Yes, they do. How did you know that?
Me - (roll my eyes)
Her - So nothing, whatsoever, just staring into space?
Me - Yes, gone, relaxed, staring at nothingness
Her - Hahahah. That’s so funny and all those times I thought…. OMG! The stuﬀ I
thought you was thinking
Me - :)
10.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you consider it rude to say "bullshit" when someone says
something they do not agree with? I am asking because some
people do say that, I personally don’t.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on your relationship with the person. If the relationship is deep and
they know this is your personality, and you do it in a fun way, like a tease, then it
be ﬁne. I sometimes say it but they crack up laughing because when I say they
can see my expression, body language, not like you can in writing. So they crack
up laughing and we don’t take each other seriously but that’s how our
relationship is.
If though, the person you’re talking to is not that kind of relationship, it’s not
deep, they don’t know you well enough, then it will not go down to well.
Plus, these days, most people get oﬀended about everything.
When I use it in a conversation, it’s done that even the person has to agree it’s
bullshit and they start laughing about it but also, I use it sparingly when
conversing with people. I have a large vocabulary, so I can talk at all levels but
sometimes, I just don’t feel like it and it’s also a good time to call in someone’s
bullshit and have a laugh about it too.

Gemeni in person, face to face, are fun type, and I’m Gemini, so when out in
world, specializing, I fun time but aggressive only if someone starts acting they
can intimidate me , woman or man, then I’ll be aggressive back or…I’ll ignore
them like they don’t even exist.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my boyfriend get upset if I ask him why he always
follows Asian girls with big boobs?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because it comes oﬀ like you are casting some judgement on him rather than
communicating your feelings like..
“I feel uncomfortable when you give attention to other girls on
facebook/instagram.”
Jealousy is like one poison choke hold on anyone.
If you feel uncomfortable, share how you feel without casting judgment. Make it
fun, show your conﬁdence…
“Oooh she looks hot, you got good taste, that’s why you are with me hahaha.”
Then he will laugh and you can talk, communicate instead of approaching in a
competing way, like you is competing against some girls he’s following.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Can you write a poem?
Adam Taha, When everyone is asleep I spend time writing rhymes, poems and
lyrics
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, here’s one I wrote..
The Phoenix
Little boy Tom stood on the stage
Front of the assembly school to read a page
Tore the paper to pieces to speak his mind
Yes, this time, this time, this time
He said - what did you hear
Was it the pounding of the keys on my piano
Or the tears when Papa would be beat me down after some beer
Did you know, did you know
Tell me what did you hear
Do you hear the roars of my thunder
Or saw me me beyond these dark clouds
Deep down when my world torn asunder
Or do you see dreams I left in my tree house
Dreams I sketched into complex layouts
Forgotten due to the beaten and the blackouts
Tell me, did you hear just the roar of my thunder
Did you really see me or ever wonder
I was falling beyond these dark clouds
I was falling
Falling
Falling
Hoped I’d hear someone calling

I was falling
Falling, falling
Hoped I’d see someone reaching out to me
But all of you lit the ﬁre
And I rose from the ashes
Flickering embers you see in my eyes
Tearing down your walls and lies
Burning, burning brighter
Like ﬁre, ﬁre, ﬁre
From the ruins and ashes I ﬂew
A Phoenix born, rising higher
What did you hear
Was it lightening and rain
Did you see nothing but only your pain
Did you only see this cold frame
Do you even know my name
Why wait for gossip and people’s headlines
Like fools writing like they know you
No one knows me, the way I do
Might as well tell you true story, yes about time
Because it seems you think know me, know me, know me
Well listen, here’s mine…
I was that kid who sat at the back of the class
All of you made fun of me and everyone just sat there and laughed
That’s why my head was always facing down, down, down
No one knew my world was spinning, round, round, round
I was kicked, beaten - and I didn’t know why
Everyone just watched cause they wanted to get by
Lowered my cap over my eyes so they couldn’t see me cry
But you and everyone else couldn’t ﬁx me
No matter how hard you tried
You could only see the crescent
When I could see the full moon
You could only see adolescence
Not the Phoenix rising from it’s cocoon
Even when I was falling
Falling
Falling
Hoped I’d hear someone calling, calling
I was falling
Falling
Hoped I’d see someone reaching out…to me
All of you lit the ﬁre
And I rose from the ashes
Flickering embers you see in my eyes
Tearing down your walls and lies
Burning, burning brighter
Like ﬁre, ﬁre, ﬁre
From the ruins I ﬂew
A Phoenix born, rising higher

Ma was too busy trying ﬁnd her youth again
Busy starting a new ﬂing
Papa was busy comparing me to others
Telling me I’ll achieve nothing
They thought it was a good idea if I became invisible
Feed me with pills, once a week in hospital
They said; It will make me normal
No one could hear my thoughts with their shouting
Like the way I walk the school grounds and see you pointing
Always ready to judge me and didn’t see I was falling
Like all of you, they said, I got something missing
That I am broken and I need ﬁxing
Even when I was falling
Falling
Falling
Hoped I’d hear someone calling, calling
Even when I was falling
Falling
Falling
I’d hoped I’d see someone reaching out…to me
But all of you lit the ﬁre
And I rose from the ashes
Flickering embers you see in my eyes
Tearing down your walls and your lies
Burning, burning brighter
Like ﬁre, ﬁre
From the ashes I ﬂew
A Phoenix born and rising higher
Little boy Tom walked oﬀ the stage
To write his own story page by page
From then on, he never held back and spoke his mind
Yes, this time, this time, this time
So whenever you feel you’re invisible and alone
Like the world doesn’t get you and you’re on your own
And you feel you’re falling as people try knock you oﬀ your throne
Remember you got the ﬁre inside of you
Rise like the Phoenix and know you’re not alone
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn’t like sex or sexual things. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love is never enough.
It seems to me you’re both not compatible.
Best to ﬁnd someone compatible to you and don’t be guilty about it.
She made her decision, but you too have a right a choice to make yours, as it’s
your psychology you fuck up or make better, your body, your feelings and so
make a decision for you too.
She made hers.
You make yours.

I personally won’t be with a woman and nor should she be in a romantic and
sexual relationsip with me if she doesn’t like sex and sexual things.
You can’t ﬁx and change people.
You can make better decisions in future on knowing what you want, what is
compatible to you, and communicate before getting serious to ﬁnd if they too
desire same and if the person doesn’t, move on, do not stay put and settle.
Don’t let anyone tell you it’s wrong or feel guilty about it either.
This is your body too, your life, your experiences and if she doesn’t want to
explore these intimate and physical feelings with you, don’t make her feel guilty
as there’s nothing to feel guilty about. It is just her feelings, what she wants and
but you too have wants and needs as well.
Be strong enough to know this is not what you want and you know what you want
and you’re going to move on and attract a a woman who desires same as you, and
craves to taste your skin on hers as you do want with her, and bond closer with
sex, and many other things.
It is far easier to be wit someone who is compatible with you now, this moment
because tomorrow belongs to no one. This is why you always need to ﬁnd out
more about the person and let them know what you look for in general and ﬁnd
out if they too want the same.
And that you’re not going to babysit someone regarding sex either or being
physical intimate and values you look for. They need to have these already and
desire same things like these.
Love is not enough.
It needs help so be brave to give it the help it needs by making the tough decision
to move on and be with someone who is compatible to you in many ways.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is something you want to give up?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not possible. I wish it was but it’s not.
I wish if I could, to give up feelings, emotions. Yes, that’s right. So I don’t feel
sorrow, nor feel anger, fear, nor feel anything really.
I am tired of feeling all these and sure, they are part of being human being and
what makes us awesome…
But I don’t want these feelings.
If I could, I’d like to shut them oﬀ and that way, I can be far more consistent in a
lot of things rather than than having these pesky hormones and all those feelings
i feel. I will also not feel pain at all and the pain of others.
To feel nothing seems like a bliss.
Seeing all the shit in this world as a human who feels and knowing you cannot
change the world, cannot solve it all is the worst feeling to have. It’s shit and I
don’t want that feeling anymore.
But in the other hand, if I don’t have these feelings then I’d not be able to feel the
choking feeling, when I paint, or when I see someone hurt, or when I know it’s
time to leave someone and not give a shit about them because they acting like
they didn’t give a shit and won’t be able to know right from wrong and a lot of

other things like caring for others, or world even when it’s always warring against
each other, and everyone of them think they are right and everyone is wrong.
I’d not be able to feel when memories ﬂow of those who past away and those who
are still alive.
I’d not have the feeling of purpose or the feeling of being alive when I ﬂirt, to
touch a woman’s ﬂesh, and see her eyes light up, and feel what I feel when she
says she feels the same without any games.
See, that’s the delima of being a human being with emotions.
In one hand you wish you never have them and in other you know you need them
for many things, but it all comes with a price.
And really a price I am sure most of us folk had enough paying.
Emotions.
It’s the ﬁrst thing that gets us in this world and powers out there know how to use
it to get us ﬁghting each other and ﬁnd diﬀerences between people, and so many
fall for that trap.
Feeling of desire, of power and greed.
In one hand it propels us forward to survive but in the other we ﬁnd the name of
progress is not progress at all but what we create, what we own becomes that
which enslaves us as well.
Dividing us even more with more labels, more indiﬀerence, more judging and the
gap of richer and poor, the haves and have nots gets wider and we call that
progress.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Derek Stark

If he really loved me, he wouldn't just get bored of me and leave
me for another girl, right?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you think love is all you need.
If love is all you need, then Beatles would still be fucking together even if one of
them got shot. So would have One Direction when one of their band members
walked away.
No, love is not enough.
You can sit on your ass, twiddling your thumb and think you don’t need to dress
up, you don’t need to get intimate, you don’t need to keep building on attraction
because love is going to save the day. Love is going to do all that for you.
It takes work to maintain a relationship and that work happens both ways. If one
of you or both of you are ignorant about attraction and thinking it’s will always be
there without you pouring gasoline to spice it up and keep it burning, then you’re
going to ﬁnd human nature does get bored and desire is ever changing direction.
Love is never enough.
Follow that love is always enough and it shall save the day, and you’ll meet a rude
awakening that it isn’t and by that time it be too late.
You need knowledge, skill, experience and tons of communication. You’re going
to go through many rollercoaster moments, some are not as heavy but a few will
be, and knowing how to work together is going to get knowledge and skill.

You need to even know his love language and his emotional language, and he
needs to know this about you too.
Hell, some people when they start dating, had sex, been in relationship for a bit
get lazy. They think because they got a pretty ass, tits or a hot looking body and
face, the person will always be hot for them.
They don’t realise they got to keep building on the attraction and if they don’t it
will ﬁzzle out until there is nothing left and one day, pﬀf….the person your with
thinks the ﬁzzling out is due to no love but it’s not. It’s due to not knowing how to
keep building on attraction and go deeper.
It’s like skuba diving.
It looks easy but if you try it without training, then when you go down the ocean,
you won’t know about pressure, how to breathe and many other techniques that
help you stay alive.
Yes, it looks simple but it’s not. That is why you need a professional who has years
of experience to always be there and you’re always watching them giving you
signals, helping you all the way until you get good at it and getting good at it
takes knowledge, specialized knowledge and specialized skill.
There are many techniques to learn, so much to understand about maintaining a
relationship and it’s crazy when I see people being lazy, thinking love is going to
save them.
It’s like art to story writing for novels. Everything has a process, everything has
it’s own right of knowledge and skill. It doesn’t stop but you keep getting good at
it but you need to know the principles.
Love needs your help.
Both of your help not just one partner.
It needs a lot of assistance to keep that amazing energy.
Now that energy won’t always be there but because you got the knowledge, skill,
you know how to blaze it up. Sometimes though, you may decide like I do, when
you know how, that it is just not worth it. You love the person but they are toxic,
they do not respect the time you give to them, they do not bring value to your life
and you feel you had enough of their victim behaviour and their lack of trust in
you.
So even when you do love the person and even when you do have the mastery
knowledge and skill for all you need, in attraction to sex, maintaining
relationship - you can make a decision that this person is not compatible or this
person is not someone you can see loving in the future because you have come to
a realisation they are not who they really are.
Sometimes people grow, change and that change you see in them is something
you do not want in your life - or - you have changed and feel this person is only
dragging you down, not supportive, selﬁsh and you give a lot and they just throw
it back on your face with their insecurities and how they cannot live up to your
expectations.
So you love that person but you got to let them go, either in a hard shit way or in a
good way, but whatever the case maybe, it is over, done, you have tried, they have
not, they are just not there yet and you cannot wait for them to grow anymore or
even if they do grow, their ways and attitude will never change due to it being
their personality trait or emotional language you do not want in your life.
Love cannot save this relationship when that happens.

It needs knowledge and skill and without these, well, you’re just ﬂuking it and
thinking chemistry just happens.
Having someone like that, a lover, who has the specialised knowledge and skill is
one of the best decisions you ever make in your life when choosing a partner. You
learn a lot and you grow far better and you see what love really is, what sex really
is, what femininity and masculine really is, and how both can work together like
a river ﬂowing in the stream, so natural, entwining into the great ocean of life.
That is why I can maintain multiple relationship with diﬀerent lovers.
It doesn’t happen by luck or love alone. Love has a part in it but you got to be
mature and realise it takes work on our part too. There is a reason why I am direct
from day one, a reason I am open and showing vulnerability always in
relationshp and a reason why I learnt all I did,
Because I knew love is not enough and you can’t go oﬀ if you want it to grow
thinking you can be awkward, closed up, not showing aﬀection, not listening to
your lover when they show aﬀection, not being intimate, brave in spicing things
up. Love is not going to even bother showing up if that’s the case.
A person can take so much to then throw then towel because it hurts when you do
all that and the other person thinks just because love is in the air, they can just
relax and it will all happen by itself.
If you think love is all you need…
Then I got news for you.
Chemistry doesn’t just happen.
That’s the myth.
That’s what sells. That’s what makes people happy.
That’s what people want in their life but what you want in life isn’t necessary
what you need in your life.
Myths, romantic stories are all ﬁne but love needs structure, it needs leadership.
it needs two people to know what they are doing, it needs an understanding of a
process.
And I am grateful, really I am in how when I came to England, had the
opportunity to access so much knowledge at such a young age and broke it all
apart, put it together to see what so many people do not.
Movies, music, romance novels, magic is ﬁne and I understand many people like
to believe because it so sounds good. It makes someone feel special. Who doesn’t
want to feel special. I get that.
It’s magic.
It sounds so wizard of oz, romantic like the novels.
It doesn't sound romantic does it when you know there is a process, a meat you
can chew on, an outline structure, a plan of action both of you are clear on, know
why, what and how to do so together.
I can sit down with anyone and show them structure about love, about emotional
languages, about romance, about the process of ﬂirting from one spectrum to
another, to building comfort and sex in many ways.
That’s what makes the relationship ﬁre up and gets really exciting even if you
have been together for 10 years.

But even then, it doesn’t mean it saves a relationship because human beings are
complex and we make it complicated. Human beings come with insecurities, lots
of baggage for some and some people are so deep in their insecurities, so
awkward in their behaviour, so closed oﬀ in not even being able to be vulnerable
to love someone in aﬀectionate way, that they push the person away. They think
that person will always be there because of “love.”
However, knowing this knowledge and skill, and gaining the experience makes it
easier for you and your partner.
You understand why, what, how and what to do without so much pain and
emotional baggage.
It gives you strength and courage when you need it.
You’d never ask “why me,” and instead you understand why it’s not about you but
that no matter how you may see love, people have a choice called freedom.
This cannot be taken away even by love.
If you don’t know the process, well, you make it harder for you both and if you
don’t know how to keep it lighting up and if you don’t know how to do that then
everything you do is nothing but manipulation rather than true knowledge of
understanding.
You don’t communicate to engage but communicate to test, plot and so the
person never sees who you are.
It becomes a transactional game for strokes rather than knowing how to engage
and connect in a positive way that enlightens both lovers. It becomes a
competition rather helping each other to move to the next level.
Love doesn’t save the day.
It needs a lot of help and unfortunately, most go and get degrees for jobs,
business but when it comes to what is so important in our life and helped
humanity to keep going, well, they rather ﬂuke it, and base what they want to
happen and know on myths, legends, movies, romantic novels and love songs.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do narcissists ever admit fault, apologize for Anything, or take
accountability for mishaps?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 23, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s disguised as an apology…
Take like this…
1. You cannot leave me. No one leaves me.
2. You are not superior to me. I am writing so I can feel like I was the one
who left you and when you want me, I will say “I don’t want you and how
I can’t because I don’t want my heart broken hahahaha. Got you!”
3. I am doing this to devalue you again and score points,and most of all to
get a reaction from you
4. I am only doing this to hook you back in. How dare you block me, like I
am beneath you. I going to get you back and then treat you like shit.
5. This is only a game to hook you back in and fuck you over again.
6. I need you right now. I got no one giving me attention so I am desperate
and when I do get someone else then I’ll leave you hanging, as I get busy
with someone new.

It’s not an apology.
It’s manipulation to hoover, testing waters, see if they can hook you back in. Get
you to react and if you do come back, they’ll fuck you over even more.
It’s all about how pissed oﬀ they are due to the injury and just cannot help
themselves to have the last word.
It’s all about control and making themselves feel better because someone just
took it all away from them due to sussing their pathetic game out.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't women stand a nice guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 23, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Perceived value low. No social status. Low in Hierarchy.
Hypergamy. It happens a lot.
Which brings us to lack of resources and value to oﬀer
Weak boundaries. The guy who supplicates rather than engages
Hasn’t the real social skills in attracting women and in regards to dating.
He’s the guy who says..
“I got a degree, a job, two cars, good income, a house, ok looking but I aged
27–40. Still single, why?”
Or…
“I spent so much time with her, drove her about, carried her bag, kissed
her ass everyday, supported her when she vomited about her ex boyfriend
to me and then….goes back to her ex boyfriend. I am a nice, honest, polite
guy and yet she does that to me.”
Not a nice guy after all.
Even the Bad Boy, who mostly every woman says they’d never date,
never fuck and guys say these Bad Boys are assholes, jerks…and…
yet….has an abundance of woman riding his dick.
“But..but…he’s a bad boy!”
Yes, but look at what is really on oﬀer with nice - weak, indecisive,
apologetic, supplicating, passive, looks for validation, wants to be liked…
loved…even if it means throwing way his boundaries…being nice and
polite, not direct in his intent but pretends as they sing Kum Bayah to get
between a woman’s legs.
He’s thinks he’s entitled to date and have sex with a woman. That’s what
a nice guy in the context of what we’re on about here.
Then you got the hot looking guys and if any woman says looks don’t
matter, roll your eyes and walk on.
Seriously, walk on because if you have children with her, they’d be
fucked up and unprepared for the real world they are about to meet.
26.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do/would you feel if your girlfriend/boyfriend keeps
stealing your hoodies?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 23, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I had this before.
No problem. I didn’t see it as my lovers were stealing them although they are very
unique hoodies. One because they got my designs on them and so my lovers get a
lot of attention from other women and even guys do to them. I saw it as they liked
them so and I like it when my lovers nick my clothes to wear and especially
wearing my shirts after we had sex.
So what I have done is bought some more so they got some more to wear ;) They
look great on them. It’s ﬁne. No big deal.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a grown woman crush on her son's friend?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 23, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she is a human being and so as human being, she can crush on whoever,
and that includes some guy’s friend.
It’s not something you can control because attraction isn’t a choice. It’s what is in
someone’s mind and perception, and so what attracts the person to someone is
natural but one can choose to be mature on what to do about it.
She’s a human being.
Just because she’s a mother or older isn’t here or there. She’s a woman with
emotions, feelings, desires like everyone else.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lauren McAuley

Would you rather be with a partner who is great at sex but who
is otherwise a bit cold or a partner who is just OK at sex but who
is cuddly, warm, and makes you feel loved?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Billions of people, on this planet.
I don’t need to choose either one of them. I can have all I want when it comes to
compatibility. Yes, all. So I don’t need to compromise in what I want. I can have
both - sex and love.
I don’t want cold, awkward, ever in my life when it comes to relationship. I don’t
give a damn how attractive she is or not. Life is too short being with someone of
that personality and behaviour. No thanks.
I can have sex, love, harmony, woman of fun personality, sociable, not awkward
in the least, and even kinky sex in all the ways I desire and it’s happening so in
my life. And a very attractive women at that and not just one relationship but
multiple.
I love myself ﬁrst and that mindset helps me to never compromise myself on the
values and my boundaries.
And so, if I need more, I gain more knowledge and skill and put in the work, the
action. I don’t quit on myself as some people do.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says he likes you as a friend not
more, but constantly argues with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re his friend. He’s comfortable with you to argue with you.
That’s it.
It has nothing whatever to do with romantic and sexual. You’re just a pal, a friend,
a platonic relationship, one of the bros, like a sister, nothing else and nothing
more.
He said to you already that’s how it is, and so stop looking for hope or hints and
assume anything. When a guy says this he means it.
You’re one of the bros and when a guy sees you that way, forget it. It’s the end of
then line for any hope in your mind of it ever being more.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

As a guy, how do you deal with an ex-girlfriend who hates you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s an ex.
What is there to deal with?
Nothing. It’s her problem. Blocked on everything and go and have wail of a time
with the guys and approach other women. Move on and stop keeping the door
fucking open for the ex.
She’s an ex. There’s nothing to deal with but living and having fun in your life. In
other words, she’s fucking history.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I asked her to be my gf but she told me she's dating someone
with whom she's breaking up now. We spend almost everyday
working together. Should I ask her again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When she said she’s breaking up with her boyfriend, that is a red ﬂag for you to
not even try to spend lots of time with her like some platonic friend, like some pal
so she changes her mind.
But you did and now she sees you as nothing more than “comfortable” Emotional
support type of guy.
That is a sign for you to approach someone else because she be at a cooling
period, rebound, and she’ll be looking for someone to pour all her sad stories.
You invested too much. You needed to invest little. It’s either a Yes or No, and if
it’s a no, you don’t wait around hoping she changes her mind.
Forget all this, “be there for her.”
That’s what guys who are desperate do, acting white knight to rescue her so they
can get between her legs. It’s disgusting. It’s why the nice guy behaviour disgust
me to not be even friends with them. They see a girl smile and think she’s in love
or they can’t take a no and orbit around a girl being all clingy, pretending to be
friends when they are wanting to date her.
It’s a disgusting behaviour and when the women dates someone else they get butt
hurt.
Or she has sex with the guy and then goes back to ex and the nice guy gets all butt
hurt on why when he gave her “his heart” and “how she so fell for me, she did this

and that for me and yet goes back to him just like that. I thought she was so into
me.”
It becomes this never ending cycling thinking about it all and how it was so
perfect, amazing sex, amazing connection, chemistry and how come she just goes
oﬀ like that after all…they…have been through. after-all she shared with the guy
and after all those sweet words she said.
It’s either a Yes or No. Nothing else matters. Intent is clear. She was not interested
and anything else means nothing.
If a woman is so attracted to you for real, she won’t give a damn about her
breaking up with some guy, she’d go for the new guy and she hasn’t done so with
you. She is avoiding being awkward by saying she is not interest but she is saying
it in a nice way.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can I congratulate my narcissist ex on social media, where he is
parading his other supply behind my back? He has been giving
me the silent treatment/discarded me for not meeting him, but
just 2 days later he was happily hanging around with her!
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s your ex. Your ex can do whatever he wants to do. He can shout, he can have
sex with 10 women. He can plaster it online, he can do whatever he wants to do.
He’s an ex not a boyfriend. He can even stop communication with you, not reply
to your text or emails if he hasn’t blocked you…and not bother with even
acknowledging your existence.
When in relationship, you had every kind of power in a sense, and time, and
feelings to do something about loving the guy, about making it happen, about
him making it happen with you, and yes, even if it’s being goddess like, to such he
knew with you freedom is there, and hotness, sexiness, loving and all that.
You had all the opportunity to do whatever to show him what’s out there doesn’t
come close to what he can experience and explore with you.
But when that breakup happens - you have zero chance. It’s over. That chance,
those opportunities are all gone.
And “her” is his business not your business.
Narcissist or no Narcissist - he’s not your business anymore and stop making it
your business and move on, block everything including phone.
Get busy with your life because he is.
The way your question is written it sounds like you’re the one being controlling.
Hint - if he’s a Narcissist, that’s exactly what he wants everyone to see. That
you’re making the noise and going all ape shit calling, text and emailing him to
create drama so he can then show to everyone else.
Enough of the transactional games.
Move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend told me I should forget about him without
deleting him. How is that possible?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your boyfriend is a drama queen, acting like some lost puppy, full of doubt, needs
reassurance but has no clue how to do it in a way to get what he wants.
But he does know how to play the victim and so you can feel sorry for him, come
to the rescue.
In other words, he is playing what we call a transactional game.
He does something not to communicate to come closer to you, not so he falls
deep in love with you, not so he gets to know you intimately but to provoke you to
react and respond.
So he does an action,then that gets you to do an action, where both of you do not
really communicate but like throwing mud all over the place than opening the
window for freedom and talking like human beings who are into each other.
It’s emotionally draining and it’s the reason when some women do it, it disgust
me and I can’t be assed, and move on without even saying shit. Drama, it just not
worth your sweet time.
Take it that he is drama, attention seeking.
I gather he’s young, maybe you’re both in school or college.
If you want that in your life, well go ahead but if you don’t, roll your eyes, dump
his ass, delete, block, on everything and move on. Let him tell a story in his head
that you never gave closure, blah blah and he’ll probably ﬁnd you somehow and
apoloise but still it be some transactional game where he doesn’t ﬁx the mess or
his dumb ass behaviour of acting like a victim.
Sometimes, you need to let the beast inside you come out so you can move on
from such people who do your head in with their drama’s, mind games, attention
seeking ways and silent treatment so you don’t give a damn as you know, you can
do so much better than this.
The world is yours. Roll your eyes and shut that door tight and never look back.
Date older, more mature type of guys.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Can you convince me to believe your deﬁnition of true
happiness?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The moment you said “convince me” you lost me right there.
You see, if I was for example dating a woman who said…
“Convince me and impress me to show you love me.”
I’d have ended the relationship right there and then because she has a very poor
understanding what a relationship is and what love means and how to behave as
such.
And she be so insecure anyway, she’d look for something else to self sabotage the
relationship. No point being in a relationship with such a woman and especially
someone who has trust issues without any reason for it except her own fears of
abandonment and past experiences.
So no use trying to convince you because the way I see life didn’t come from
someone trying to desperately convince to me. Rather I lived, I experienced a lot,
I developed through many years of reading, developing my mind, studying,
living, taking risks and so much more that made me who I am and how I see
myself, people, life and things in general.

That took a process of years and you want someone to convince you.
No. I won’t.
I don’t care if you believe in my deﬁnition and instead, I rather you ﬁnd your
own. You’ll learn a lot about yourself that way and you’ll appreciate what you
learn and value whatever deﬁnition you believe in regarding true happiness.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do when a girl tells me she likes me, then tells me she
loves me too much to date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s a drama queen, who likes the attention, and thinks she is so special, and
believes you’ll continue to chase her sorry ass.
Time to step up your self respect ruler and don’t give her time, let her know if she
tries coming to you, you’re not interested, and have moved on. You’re not into
insecure wannabe play hard to get girls.
And if this how she loves then it is cheap and you not interested in “cheap” kind
of love. You don’t say these words easily when you haven’t dated for over 6
months and more, been in relationship and been imitate, gone through things in
life. You don’t do cheap.
Or if it’s long distance, there has been a helluva a lot of communication and depth
as well when doing so. Until you meet.
No texting. No phone calls. No emails.
She’s playing you big time.
Block her on all devices and show her you mean business by not giving her
anymore chances, time and invest somewhere else.
If you don’t then you are showing to her you’re a doormat and that she can come
and go and do as she pleases.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the only thing that lives on forever?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Energy.

Even when all life forms are gone, energy will always exist and will do so forever.
It is the life force for all we see and what we do not see.
14 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when you're attracted to someone that no
one else seems to be attracted to? Is it necessarily bad? Am I
looking at their personality from a narrow perspective?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re looking at perceived value. Be very careful because this is social
conditioning in which we have been conditioned to look for status but also in our
own DNA we gravitate towards survival and this then is survival mode.
When you’re on survival mode it can deceive you because you are looking at
things that can be faked. Perceived value can be faked like for example, you see
with lots of women around him and your own biology and psychology judges that
as a man who has value because..
“Oooh lots of attractive women desire him, comfortable with him, he must have
something of value that all these women want.”
But I know many guys do this and they don’t get anywhere because they never
ask these women out and do it to look cool to others, and to the woman they
desire who sees him at other end of dance ﬂoor or party, or at work and she is
seeing only perceived value.
Another example is you someone with a ﬂashy car but what you don’t see is the
debt and that this person is probably paying a big price for such luxury, and his
outgoings is a lot on other things and surviving, while you but see the status, the
visual and not really what’s going on.
Like wise…
A person can walk into a shop with street gear, hoodie and I have done this to
show as training on how predictable people’s patterns on on survival mode. I
walk in and was treated like I didn’t have money and was someone not to be
bothered with to even help.
Security more glued at me than most people.
I leave and later I walk in with suit and all attire to project a diﬀerent kind of
perception and with a very attractive women who also was dressed sexy and
looked like a woman of business attire, wealth etc.
Suddenly I was getting women approaching to help, knowing full well they they
also get commission from sales of customers who buy on top of their wages.
Security didn’t even notice me like they did before but the staﬀ did and treated
me much better than last time.
Nothing changed.
Same building, same staﬀ and same security except I just changed the way I am
perceived by the way I am dressed and groomed, with an attractive woman.
Another example is one of my friends who didn’t have anyone to date but when
he moved to another city, he was dating, he has women wanting him. He also now
has ton of friends and yet where he was before, nothing like that happened.
So you really don’t know the full story of someone.
I feel an approach that will work well for you or anyone, is to not look at anything
else due to survival mode such as status.

Instead, date the person and then experience time with this person. It’s far more
reliable than what you see an outside observer.
Then take it from there because your perceived value can trick you and we as
human being can be judgmental, very ﬁckle too and other factors such as he
doesn’t go out much, he doesn’t approach girls, he doesn’t ask them out, he fears
rejection and so on.
We say don’t judge a book by the cover but we do anyway.
We all do even at an unconscious level and so we have to work on ourselves to be
self aware who is making the decisions.
Is it our survival mode, our insecurities, our craving for validation from our social
peers or real information which we gathered through experiencing with this
person time and time gain?
Are we self aware of our own insecurities, our own psychological scripts which
can inﬂuence us as we look at someone?
The only way is you look for absolute value and of course you’re attracted to him
in physical sense.
The absolute value is what’s consistent like a personality, how he treats you, how
he behaves to others as well when you date, is he reliable, is he conﬁdent and has
a good vibe, can you communicate with him and you get along, is there
compatibility which very important for any relationship to be healthy and
prosper.
The real deal stuﬀ which you won’t know until you date the guy and give time to
observe, get a feel of his vibe and to not rush into per-judging due to survival
mode.
Instead of looking at perceived value as that’s on survival mode which focuses on
instant judgement due to what you see in appearance, in what’s happening or not
happening around the person but…you don’t know that person. Maybe the
person likes to be alone, studies a lot, is an artists, takes his life seriously and
maybe he fears rejection.
Lots of things going on and you’ll never know until you give the chance to know
the person by dating and experiencing time with that person.
It’s not wrong or right, or narrow or anything because it’s natural for our mind to
do that but as we mature through many experiences, also pain, also
disappointments, wisdom and seeing the bigger picture we begin to realise it is
best to not judge a book by it’s cover even though it can be diﬃcult.
Instead we get better at making decisions based on not just what we see but to
gather information based on real experience with the person through dating the
person. That way we don’t decide just because we are seeing status which is what
appears to be and what is conditioned in society to judge someone by.
If you’re attracted to the person, give the person a chance and yourself to ﬁnd out
through experiencing with that person by dating them. That’s what dating is
really about. It’s not about making a spot decision right there and then about
some relationship and future.
That’s where many make the mistake.
Dating is about getting to know this person, removing any judging, labels, and
you’re self aware about your own insecurities and exceptions. To curb these and
ﬁrst date, get to know the person through real experience which takes you
to..date them ﬁrst.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I be brave when I am scared?

 https://www.quora.com/I-have-posted-over-1000-copies-of-the-same-question-This-is-clear…
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How come I am always scared spitless when I'm being brave?

Can you hear them?
Their hearts racing faster
Pounding like the hammer of Thor
The fear of what they are about to face
The courage to rush into the battle of life
The nerves not of steel but ﬂesh and bones
Look at them!
Human beings who are brave
Feels the fear and does it anyway
Human beings that can hurt
They can cut and bleed
They can die
They are not like you Gods
Who hide in stories and proverbs
Where none can reach you or see you
Human beings is who they are
They feel the fear
And they do it anyway
And you call yourselves Gods?

Bravery isn’t about the absence fear
It’s why it’s called courage, bravery.
You’re mind natural wants to protect as it wants to survive. So it will try to steer
you away into the comfort zone. It’s natural and it’s a basic instinct where the
brain assumes danger and so all your body as well will be under stress.
However, the more you do that which you fear, again and again, you develop
another instinct in which helps you thrive while others stay in the comfort zone.
Your nervous system will get used to it until you do something else that takes you
out of you comfort zone.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Can having a lot of sex make you look younger?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but if you also…
1. Don’t mess with your sleep
2. You don’t smoke
3. You have good diet
4. You drink water. Your body needs water and not just one glass of water. Find
out how much for your body.
5. Exercise. You don’t have to be doing it like you’re training for Olympics
6. Cut out drinking a lot of alcohol

7. Look after your skin. Moisturize etc.
8. Bathe/shower daily
9. Associate with positive mind people and stay away from drama type people.
Cut out as much stress as possible.
They all may seem easy to do but they are habits and many people don’t have
such habits. They also work, don’t sleep good, have poor diet and live stressful
lives.
Sex alone is not going to do it.
It helps but it just not going to be the only factor.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should be done in order to gain respect and trust from
everyone?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone?
If you even try to get everyone to trust you then you’re already heading for leaps
of bounds of…failure. Instead, focus on doing your work and be authentic in
building connections that are meaningful.
Some will, some won’t but at least you was focused in doing the best at your work,
being consistent in your actions, got passion and building meaningful
relationships.
You need boundaries or you’ll be walked over.
Everyone means you will compromise a lot about yourself.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Would you care to share the lyrics to a song you've written?
Adam Taha, I writing lyrics and sing for Pop House Tracks
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

LET GO
You think everyone has their head on their shoulders
They got some idea what they looking for
Like the way you met a guy in the past
Met him on the second ﬂoor of the bookstore
You say he got a lot of this
He doesn't have enough of that
But hey, I see, he has a lot of what you’re look for
You say he got a lot of this
He doesn't have enough of that
Maybe the grass is greener to ﬁnd a little more
If you just looked into his eyes
If you just looked into his eyes
You’ll know
You’ll know
You just you couldn’t let go
While it might seem natural to evaluate
With a measuring ruler in your head
Hoping it happens like a fairy tale

But as the time goes
You wish you said yes instead of no
And you hope it’s not too late
You say he got a lot of this
He doesn't have enough of that
But hey, I see, he has a lot of what you’re looking for
You say he got a lot of this
He doesn't have enough of that
Maybe the grass is greener to ﬁnd a little more
If you just looked into his eyes
If you just looked into his eyes
You’ll know
You’ll know
You’ll
You just you couldn’t let go
Years go by to see a familiar face
You meet in same place
He asks, “are you winning the race?”
A woman wraps her arms around his
Children running round their feet
And you see what you missed
He says..
I got a lot of this
I had enough of that
I’ve found what I’m looking for
He says - I got a lot of this
I had enough of that
And I’m not looking for more
If you just looked into my eyes
If you just looked into my eyes
You’d know, you’d know
You’d know
You just couldn’t let go
But I’ve let go of…you.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How long can a girl crush on you without neither of you making
a move?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Until she reveals herself from her invisible Ninja Cloak and let’s go of her mind
reading powers she developed in XMEN school.
If she hasn’t ﬁgured it out - her ambiguous hints and conversation games hasn’t
worked to attract the guy she is trying to date.
She’d confused the guy instead.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend and I decided to tell no one that we are dating,
but he told all of his friends and they told other people. What do
I do or say to him?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That shows you he’s immature, you cannot trust him now on anything. If he can’t
keep his mouth shut and you have discussed and agreed, what’s the point of
trusting him again.
Probably some teen guy in school or college, but that’s how it ﬂows when you
date young immature guys.
Trust is very important.
If someone breaks that trust doing things like that, no use being with them. It’s
also dangerous because you may have challenges with relatives,society and so on,
and you need someone mature, strong and who cares for your safety and comfort.
The other side of it as well is if someone doesn’t trust you from start but pretends
too - due to their own insecurities and they are doing games to push buttons, and
then they say “oh I didn’t trust you way back but now I do” when you did
nothing,, then they too need to be dumped and left because they have now
said..all that time they never trusted you, were playing games and so, no wonder
they were acting all weird in middle of relationship.
So as you can see, when trust is not there, it’s shit. You might as well not bother
with such folks.
This guy he is immature, he does things for validation, to look cool to others and
doesn’t care about your reputation, your safety, your comfort and he doesn’t even
discuss it with you before doing things like that and respects your wishes.
Talk to him, communicate how you feel and disappointed you are and best not to
trust him now on private things or even sex because he’ll open his big mouth for
nothing else but put his need for validation over your safety and comfort.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are the best gifts for your girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the best gift you can give your girlfriend?

Hopefully, you know her well and ﬁgured out what she likes. Keep ears open, as
she might be complaining about not enough shoes, or boots, or whatever.
You’re talking gifts as in items not time, aﬀection. That needs to be there
already.
So here’s what I bought for diﬀerent lovers. I bought knowing they needed these
through observation and listening…
1. Complete set of makeup with draws, brushes and to drawers to put her
jewellery stuﬀ…

2. Other lover, I saw she was struggling at her own place were she didn’t have a
table, with mirror and to put her makeup and jewellery but I ﬁxed the lights. It’s
similar to this one. When she saw it she cried, she always wanted one…

3. For lover who loves taking photos and savvy socially, and fun with lots of
friends, I bought this Polaroid camera, which can when you want to…prints out
the photo right there and then…

4. For another, I bought her a bag which she saw and I knew she wanted it.I can
see her drooling over the bag..

5. You can also buy jewellery..such as bracelet…

Or…necklace..

These are just some of what I bought as gifts.
But the best gift is what she feels and only way is to ﬁnd out from her.
You’d know already if you’ve been dating for a while, listened, observed and
asked question about her life, spent time with her to know about her.
Just one ﬁnal thought…

I never bought my lovers gifts until we have been together for sometime, been
intimate physically, sexual and there was a time that gone by. I don’t buy gifts in
early stages and nor to impress a woman to date me either.
Don’t buy gifts to ask a woman out and nor so soon. Let time past, 6 months to
even a year or so.
I have a very strong thoughts on this because it takes time to know someone and
so, no use me investing anything like that if she doesn’t trust me fully, knows me
well and we are not intimate romantically and sexually.
My values are not going to be compromised that I would breakup if I ﬁnd there is
no trust from a woman and if she dangles sex like a carrot.
So ensure you don’t go oﬀ buying gifts to a woman you’re dating and she hasn’t
shown intimacy with you, trusts you, opens up to you, have intimacy in
physically and sexually.
Love is not just a word. Nor is trust.
It’s an action and any who do not show it in action are already showing red ﬂags
for the future.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

A guy keeps showing signs that he might like me and I want
him to like me but I may be wrong. How can I be sure that he
likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You say to him directly..
“Hey, I rather look stupid than ﬁnding out I should have asked, but I am attracted
to you but more than just being friends, and I wanted to know if you feel the same
way..”
Or..
“You know how you see someone and you have this instant chemistry and you want
to know if they feel the same way because you want to go out, have a drink, date and
get to know each other more and rock the Kasbah?
He’ll say yes or no. Either way you then say..
“Well that’s how I feel about you. Do you feel the same way as I like to know, if not no
problem, I’ll move on, if yes, then let’s rock the Kasbah.”
Just say it and if he doesn’t give you any answer, move on. If he gives you
ambiguous answer, move on. If he says yes, hope you got the sense to exchange
numbers, meet, date.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it rude that my mother is always telling my baby that I am no
good? I know he can't understand her, but I ﬁnd it unkind for
both me and him.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Set boundaries with you mum. It will damage your child self esteem and
conﬁdence in long run. Or stay away from your mum if she doesn’t keep to these
boundaries.
Put your foot down.

You’re the one who suppose to protect your child.
So protect. You’re the mother so be fearless.
This is your child, protect at all cost.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Can you write a depressing poem right now?
Adam Taha, When everyone is asleep I spend time writing rhymes, poems and
lyrics
Answered Jan 20, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The Dash in Between
Looking up to the sky
I see not colours running dry
No red, pink, purple or blue
The wonderful details reminding me of you
The stars don’t dance
The breeze don’t sing anymore
There’s no hope for second chance
All is now crashing to the ﬂoor
I can’t even cry
Just holding back the storm
What’s hurts me more
Is I don’t know why
Now you’re gone and I’m alone
It came silently
When we were happy
When our strokes were perfect and one
Why didn’t you say something
Why suﬀer alone
So many questions when you’re gone
I expect you’d call
Knock at a door
Look into your eyes
To hear your sweet tone laugh
So these tears come crashing to the ﬂoor
And as it starts to rain
I stare at the stone and hope you’re listening
I would gladly give half of my years
To length the Dash in between
As I Look up to the sky
No gods have shown up today
No colours are running dry
No red, pink, purple or blue
I’m afraid I’ll lose these memories of you
If I could give half of my years
To length the dash in between
We could live the life we planned
Like it’s a magniﬁcent dream
1k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy doesn't want a relationship then why does he want to
cuddle so much after sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you wanted more then you should have gone with someone who wants a
relationship instead of trying to ﬁx and change the guy, or pretend there is
something wrong about whats happening.
He doesn’t want a relationship.
He said he doesn’t want one and has made it very clear from day one that he likes
having sex with you and being physically intimate with cuddles.
It’s not rocket science.
It’s quite simple.
He enjoys sex with you and cuddles, physical, but he doesn’t want the
relationship. That’s really it.
If you want something else, then ﬁnd someone who will give you the something
else instead of questioning, ﬁxing and changing some guy.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I usually download books from ebookbike. Recently, I can't. Is
it permanently disabled?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jan 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe clear your cache on your internet browser or try it with a diﬀerent one. If
you’re using Firefox then try Chrome.
There is another resource where you can download Ebooks on almost anything. It
is called PDF DRIVE.
45k Views · View Upvoters

Yesterday my girlfriend asked me if I think that we will last.
Why would she ask something like that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For reassurance.
She wants to hear conﬁdence from you about the relationship. That you are
conﬁdent and still desire her, and that you see a future with her not doubts.
You probably missed the memo titled..
“How most women play conversation game.”
Like this
“Does this dress look fat on me?”
You think she is asking about the dress but really she wants reasurrance you still
see her beautiful. It’s her low self esteem issue.
Bu you go oﬀ saying..
“No” but you don’t get it is what she hears. Instead you needed to say to her to try
other colours and when she does, make a big deal of one of them..
“Oh yeah, now that dress looks so fucking sexy on you. Holy shit, you’re hot, look at
your sexy curves. I know you got brains but you’re a stunner too. You make the dress
look amazing.”

So reassure her that you do but expand it more on what you’ll both be doing in
future, like holidays, places to see, and ask her what she hasn’t done and what she
like to see and do.
You probably don’t do enough talking with each other about the future or she is
over thinking, negativity, million thoughts in her head.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is the UK safe?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I saw your question so had to ﬁnd out.
I’m in UK but only for a few days and back to ﬂying oﬀ somewhere. So here’s what
I did to ﬁnd out..
1. I walked out of the house and went to buy some ﬁsh and chips down the road.
Takes about 10 mins walk..

2. Then walked back home….
I survived the chaos of people tripping over each other while drunk, a police
oﬃcer chasing some guy, the bus nearly went on pavement and a blonde girl and
a brunette who said she’ll fuck me for £50 but I said… if she can throw another
woman, then I’ll give her some ﬁsh and chips to eat.
She replied, “you’re a wanker.”
I replied, “No, I’m worse. I eat ﬁsh and chips fast. Want some?”
She didn’t but her friend did, so I bought another pack of ﬁsh and chips for them
to munch on. Before I walked oﬀ back home, the hot sex worker who was polite
gave me her phone number and a wink.
The other one was looking at me like she is going to go on some rant.
I arrived home alive and had my ﬁsh and chips without any earth quakes,
tornadoes, wars, or missiles ﬂying oﬀ everywhere…

So I can say, yes, it’s safe.
I have to ﬂy oﬀ again in a couple of days so it might change.
Maybe aliens land in UK. Maybe some crackpot becomes prime minister. Maybe,
the whole country disappears into the 4th dimension.
Who knows but stay tuned, I’ll let you know when I am back in November or
December this year.
You never know.
Things can just go crazy these days, just…like….that.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is your favorite color? Who are you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is the colour of ﬁrm the rising of passion and pulsating emotions…

The energy to face adventure, danger, taking the risks and not hide under the
shadows of ambiguity but to say what one means and being direct.
It is determination as well as passion, desire and intense emotional love. It does
not apologise for the ﬂowing of natural desires and the tasting ﬂesh and lips, and
in experiencing pleasure of a woman’s body, skin to skin to feel her rhythm in
unison with mine.

There is no shame in this colour because it feels no shame of it’s natural feelings.
It is a colour that celebrates rather than imprisons, it is freedom rather than
jealousy and possessives.
It doesn’t base attraction, chemistry, love, healthy relationship on luck but on
knowledge, skill, experience, understanding the process and how it all works.
It will grant anyone who knows and has applied this knowledge the power of high
conﬁdence, high self esteem and self awareness. Through it comes a great height
of sexual conﬁdence rather than insecurity of one’s ow naked body and desires.

It has no time for low self esteem and nor the ones who follow the rituals of
society norms and then judge others who set themselves free from these shackles
to experience all they desire.
All fantasies is to be loved, embraced, claimed and owning it with pride rather
than with the conditioned brain washing of shame.
Trust isn’t spoken but an action.
Intimacy is not a promise of future but now.
Sex is not a weapon or a prize or a function but an experience lovers want to
experience with each other without controlling the outcomes.
It is to dare to be open, to be authentic, vulnerable and direct in what one desires,
wants, needs rather than being awkward, hiding and gamey.
It releases us as individuals into freedom to explore and experience all our hearts
desires if we are courageous, brave and passionate about life.

It is the colour of desire and without desire none of what you see could ever been
designed, invented, created, developed, made, sold and nor propel human beings
into the unknown future.
It penetrates the unconscious for a person to take action now, without hesitation
and without questioning one’s own abilities.
It also makes many fear their own greatness to always stay in the comfort zone for
their dreams die with them.

It reveals the liars and the players who feel the earth beneath them tremble and
their masks fall as they ﬁnd no escape or place to hide because being direct
polarizes hem to show their true self and hypocrisy.
It is the colour that lights up the hearts as it dances like a ﬂamenco dancer in
unison to the rhythm of life, wilderness and the natural ﬂow of the universe
energy…

It leads and each step is conﬁdent in where it will go and that conﬁdence makes
their lover conﬁdent too.
It seems simple and yet others stumble and fall because they thought the pattern
of achieving such conﬁdence is easy.
Some people will be at awe and some will hate, others will judge you and some
will be inspired and some will wish they could be like you.
It is the wild beast, the dark and good, the rebel and adventurer, lover and
romantic, the artist, the songwriter, the singer, the composer, poetry and
designer, the writer of many a stories.
Desire makes a man talented beyond your imagination and attracts a woman of
creativity in which she loves his creation, boldness and each day is a day of pure
passion and freedom.
This is the colour which embraces it’s bad and uses it for good, to achieve, to
experience, to go where most never dare to go and say what most daren not say
while others throw petty labels and opinions that drown with the rest of the
noise.
It’s bold, ﬂirtatious and sexy…and it’s a language, a personality and if someone
doesn’t understand it, the red will walk away because it has no time to babysit
anyone on how to be sexually conﬁdent and has high self esteem to be able to

express emotions to show their intent clearly, in words, body language and direct
sexy alluring behaviour.

It is a colour that can adapt, evolve to any situation and is open to learn, to grow
more, to experience but without compromising the code it has always followed.
“Do as you will and blaze your own path. There is nothing to fear except fear itself.
Live in the moment.”
It is a colour that doesn’t crave to follow but to blaze one’s own path.
It is a colour that very close to my heart because it is about living in the moment
because tomorrow belongs to no one.
It is dominate, it is a master, it is a leader, it is the Daddy of all colours. It is the
colour of the now, the present, the living in the moment.
It is the colour….

902 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mel Brocks

Does the brave man and the coward feel fear?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Courage isn’t the absent of fear.
It is acknowledging it exists and see as a process of growth. So it is how the person
sees fear, reacts to it in mind, body and in the habit wise.
While the coward feels fear and acts like a victim of his or her circumstances and
hesitates to take action and grow, and blames others constantly to stay put,
making the same mistakes again and again.
The person of courage and takes action into the unknown will understand this
powerful principle and it’s wisdom…
“You either grow through it or go through it again and again.”

The one of who is brave understands completely because he/she has done it
before, again and again, and seen how he/she grows and seen more, experiences
more, gathers information for their mind, becomes smarter socially, sharper in
instinct wise and also his mind and body adapts faster.
It becomes a habit to respond in a certain way.
The coward responds in a diﬀerent way - hesitation, acting like a victim, blaming
circumstances and continues to go through the same pain over and over again
because the script in their mind.
They are reinforcing the script to create the predictable outcome. It has become a
habit that feeds the person emotions of comfort.
The unknown and uncertainty is not comfortable.
It pushes you to step out of your comfort zone while most like it there too much
as it’s comfortable, it’s predictable.
It becomes a habit and habit later develops into one’s own character, hence their
fate.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My mother loves me, but I hate her. How can I make her suﬀer?
No violence or self-harm allowed.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand. Something happened, whether intentionally or not, and your
expectations of your mum to be so perfect, godlike, has dissappointed you.
But I like to share with you an experience as it’s not too late for you.
It is too late for me.
For years my mum was sometimes depressed, sometimes says things, and
sometimes I provoked these things as I am very dominant by nature, wild, rebel,
and I also had things my parents did.
She didn’t know my personality and nor my language as we all have a language. If
you don’t know someone’s language, when you speak it may seem you want a
ﬁght so the other person will be either in ﬁght or ﬂight mode.
People change, she did change, however, the story now in my mind, which we’ll
call a Psychological script, an old DVD that plays in your head.
It creates the predictable outcome, by us behaving in a certain way and at an
unconscious level, it hasn’t been changed because I chose to not change it.
I’m sure you’ve heard women say..
“I always…always…attract jerks.”
Well, I know from hearing such words, that they have a script and their behaviour
is very attention seeking, a victim approach and they go for guys not for anything
but to make them feel they are attractive because their script that’s replaying is
saying..
“Men use me. Men don’t see me good looking. Everyone is out to get me. I am ugly
after all, not to be loved.”
So they then behave as such to make every engagement with man ready for self
sabotaging.

In one book as an example is a story of a woman who has fantasies in being
submissive but…she says she never will date a man, have sex with a man until…
she..is…married.
So what she does is she purposefully ﬂirts to feed her with emotional stimulus, to
spike her emotions to feel desired,
On purpose she bends down to show her ass, on purpose does things to get
attention and strings guys along.
When she gets the attention she scorns the guys, calls them bad boys, players,
creeps and so on. Even causes a scene in front of everyone.
She attracts the jerks, the bad boy too because she knows they are conﬁdent, not
pussy type of passive men and so they got the conﬁdence to speak, to ﬂirt, to
sexualise, to approach but what she doesn’t get is these guyssee her coming from
a mile oﬀ and moment she gets close, they know she will self sabotage.
You see, a Bad Boy is far advanced in many games, he learned them to know who
the women are, he knows every game, every script and he does study psychology.
He rips pickup manuals apart and laughs at pickup artists because he knows they
go home with nothing most of the time but he achieves far more due to his direct
approach while pickup artists do all that long enduring bullshit ﬂirting which is
indirect a lot of the times.
It’s a lot of push and pull techniques for pickup artists but not for the Bad Boy.
Most girls and women who say they attract bad boys are mostly attracting teen
guys or guys who are pretenders and these guys chase but not the Bad Boy.
They are far more experienced and smarter as they have been like this for years
and since she treats it as a game, she gets hooked on the bad boy who has sex with
her and then dumps her.
She then complains to her friends and her friend says..
“Didn’t you say you have a fantasy but will never date these guys, never have sex
so what are you complaining about? They had sex and left because you wanted to
do that too.”
And she gets hit hard because they also sayu..
“So every man is bad, wrong and you are perfect. So everyone is gunning for you
and you are never make a mistake.”
She complains s to the bad boy and he says..
“Girl, I saw you coming like I see all these women coming who play this game.
Before you discared and devalue, I already had four women ready to fuck. You
behaved like a trophy, dangling sex like a carrot and so I knew you like the chase.
So I fucked you and dumped you, because what else do you do with a trophey?
You get another one. Next time, don’t dangle sex like a carrot to try to manipulate
and trap and control, and ﬁx a guy/”
She has fulﬁlled her own self prophecy.
This is her predictable outcome and so she says that all men are jerks, players,
because they did this and that to her but it is clear the game is on her, and it is she
who is the player, who designed her own game in her mind because she craved
for the drama, for the emotional spiking of stimulus and that is all she did it for
but…she didn’t realise she too can fall for a bad boy and she did.
Did she change?
No. She kept on doing the same game again and again and over again, which ends
up with the same outcome.

Some women and men end up in their 40s’ still bitching about being single, how
men and women are bad, and how they never get dates and on and on it goes.
This is the same when you are approaching your mum.
The script in the mind is a game, you act out a role and that role is the victim role.
You are always angry about your mum, you replay one incident or two that
happened while back,
The result is you create this outcome of drama, arguments over anything. You’re
ready to pounce to argue to feel that energy again to feed your emotions with
more emotional stimulus.
Some people love drama, it feeds their ego and it’s the only way they know how to
ﬁnd meaning in their life but it is a meaning that ends up with an unhappy
conclusion that pushes away the people who care about them and even people
they want to date.
As Shakespeare wrote in one of his play about the world is a stage…
1 And all the men and women merely players;
2 They have their exits and their entrances,
3 And one man in his time plays many parts,
4 His acts being seven ages. At first, the infant,
5 Mewling and puking in the nurse’s arms.
6 Then the whining schoolboy, with his satchel
7 And shining morning face, creeping like snail
8 Unwillingly to school. And then the lover,
9 Sighing like furnace, with a woeful ballad
10 Made to his mistress’ eyebrow. Then a soldier,
11 Full of strange oaths and bearded like the pard,
12 Jealous in honor, sudden and quick in quarrel,
13 Seeking the bubble reputation

You can read his words all here..
We can say we want to change something in our life but our behaviour
always follows our self image.
Our behaviour always follows the thinking in our head and how we perceive life,
people, genders and also relatives to friends and many other things like work, our
career, failure or success.
Even these become a habit and blind you on what you need to see.
So imagine then, whenever I saw my mother or my dad, this movie script is in my
head and instantly, it begins to replay before even meeting them.
By the time I arrive to see my parents, I have already certain emotions,
which leads to behave in a certain way when I hear or see anything.
There is now only two ways to approach..
1. Fight mode
2. Flight mode
The options of wisdom, understanding, patience, is not in the equation anymore
but rather it is all like a game, transactional for our ego.
It blinds you on what to see, to see the point of view of the other person, to see the
bigger picture of their life, to then forgive, to love your parents and to see them as
not perfect. They did disappoint but there were things I didn’t take into
consideration and things I never knew about them both.
For example, my mum always talked good about be to all my brothers and sisters,
and everyone she met. She changed her ways as she did opposite but saw I always

later heard from someone what she said.
So she what it did because I stopped calling and visiting her for years. She learned
her lesson hard way, and my dad too. So did anyone else when they spout
negativity about me.
I shut the door not just to strangers but even people closer. It is my values, it is
how I live my life, it is my language.
I used to hear all kinds of shit, like you hear some parents..
“We did this for you.”
“We sacriﬁced this for you,” to bribe you emotionally to do something
“Why aren’t you like other boys, good rather than bad, dating lots of white
women.”
On and on.
These I would hear when I was younger.
But she changed and though she changed, my story in my head didn’t.
I still saw her as that woman, the angry, spiteful woman and didn’t see the other
side of her, in which she has helped many in the city, saved lives, brought
relationships together, visited all my brothers and sisters, which is very diﬃcult
for her from were she was living.
Always calling making sure her 7 children were ok and even calling me but I
rarely called back often.
She learned from her mistake, she was trying to ﬁx what she broke, she was trying
her best but…the script in my head only heard the past, those behaviours she
once did years ago.
I would say to myself I’d call her. I’d say to myself, I need to push things aside
about her and get to know her. I would think many things but I never really did
anything about it as much.
Much of my time was saving other people’s lives, coaching, mentorship and
getting paid a lot of money for it too, which is why I am able to travel, do all the
things I did as well as being hired by big companies for my ability to manage
teams, lead projects and this is without even a degree. I just know how as I
learned how due to hands on work,
But I never really made time for her and always thought I have plenty of time. I
never helped to save her from then challenges she went through.
Until one day, I got a call.
She had died sitting on a bench.
I came to funeral and her face was smiling. She had a lot to smile about as many
people came to visit. There more than hundreds. It was thousands and I saw what
she achieved and never told anyone/
I also saw lots of massive suit cases in house. These were the clothes for children,
orphanage, for children in diﬀerent countries.
No one new, not even the four sisters and my two brothers or me.
I saw many albums of photos of me, with notes, letters to me she never sent.
Things she wanted to say and how sorry she was for all thins she did and said.
And I could have heard this from her but my scropt in my head didn’t let me see it
and no, I didn’t see a therapist.

I healed myself through many studies and applied techniques but I know what I
am doing. It’s complex and not easy to do.
But it is too late when it came to my own mother as she’s gone.
You’re mum isn’t perfect.
She’s not god.
Whatever she said to you or did, was maybe out of just craziness of facing the life
she is living and she realised, and is trying her best to communicate her love to
you.
I would not be hard on yourself nor her, and ﬁnd a way to let go of this story in
our head.
Get some help where you can once and for all talk about it, let it all out,
talk..talk..talk until it is out of your system.
Then go and see your mum, give her a hug, tell her you love her too and you was
just going some crazy moment in your life and you want to get to know her even
more.
You don’t have a lot of time
You may think you do but believe me, you don’t.
Your mum can go anytime and it will hit you hard.
It be something you will never be able to forgive yourself for and this will create
another script in your mind, another story which will spiral your life down to rock
bottom.
I’m strong, tough inside so I was able to just see it as something to learn from and
forgive myself and her too.
Our parents are not meant to be perfect.
Sometimes they don’t know what the hell they are doing.
They are like you and me - they too can get hurt, can feel tired, can say stupid
things and even forget too, while you remember it all in your head like it just
happened.
I’m sure you’re tired and exhausted of the anger and hate.
You’ll feel better as well and you’ll ﬁnd not just a mother but also a friend,
someone you can share everything you feel while you can’t to the world outside.
It’s time to let go of the old script and create a new fresh story about you and your
mother, and the positive relationship you’d like to happen with her and she with
you.
You’re going to need all the loving and support you can from her and she is
probably wanting some kindness as well from you. By doing so, you give her
something the world cannot give…
That she feels she did right, did something right with her child while out in world
is just a mess. Let her know, she has by being loving to your mum. It won’t be easy
but it’s possible if you just move forward from the old worn out script.
It’s not too late for you.
But it is too late for me which is why I am saying this to you without judgment. I
understand, I may not know the full story or how you really feel but one thing is
for sure.

If your mum disappears now, gone forever, you will never have another chance to
have a positive daughter/son and mother relationship.
Everything else, doesn’t come close to this.
Nothing really does.
I still feel choked and it will be a lesson for me, to live with for the rest of my life
but it doesn’t have to be that way for you.
Do it for you.
Do it for your happiness.
Do it grow and be someone who doesn’t live with hate.
It will lighten your load and you’ll feel so much better.
Give yourself the gift, a chance for your mum to know you more. Talk a lot with
her, tell her how you feel, why and you want to move forward together.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

One guy from work told me he liked me, but I ﬁnd him
attractive only physically and absolutely nothing more. Should
I suggest FwB with him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you can mention to him you’re not looking for a romantic serious
relationship but desire FWB.
Then you got to make sure to outline the boundaries if he agrees.
For example,
1. It’s only sex
2. No dating outside sex
3. Both can date other people
4. Not to talk about what both doing in personal life
5. To avoid ever thinking there will be more. It’s a FWB
6. If you do have feelings for more, to say it as feelings can’t be controlled
but if we feel we can’t go on, due to that or any reason to be open and
honest about it.
7. When call on phone or text, it’s to meet up to have sex. Same for you to
with him.
8. Text to be used for increasing sexual tension, ﬂirt so to remove
awkwardness when you do meeting.
9. Do whatever you both can to remove awkwardness by being fun, sexual
and stay away from talk of future. No love, love talk.
10. Have health checks for both of you and be open about the results.
I know, sounds cold but this is how you really do fuck buddy and not how so
many do it and complicate it.
Both of you need to lay cards on table and be mature and responsible about it.
This way you ensure to reduce his expectations. You don’t need to be harsh but
pleasant about it but ensure the boundaries are known and the expectations.

Even have it written down and both of you read it when together alone. Both have
copies and if it goes side ways, then use that as a means to get back o track
without complicating things.
Don’t fuck up with above part.
This doesn’t mean when you meet for sex, there is no tenderness, respect,
compassion, having fun being ﬂirty, keeping it sexual, foreplay etc. It just means
both know the expectations and boundaries.
Now, you might ﬁnd, you do ﬁnd him interesting and you feel you can fall for this
guy. This is what we call as upgrading the relationship.
So again, you be open, for pete sake, do away with ambiguity.
You say to him, that we have boundaries but I want to know if you want more
because I am ﬁnding I like you more than just friends with beneﬁt. It’s ok if you
don’t, we can still continue as FWB but wanted to see if you feel the same way and
no, this is not a trick question, I am being sincere about it.
If yes, then you can move forward. Make sure to again sit down, communicate on
the expectations. It’s now a new relationship models so again you need to
communicate both your needs, wants, expectations and boundaries.
Be very clear about it.
If no, keep it as it is.
Second, are you sure you want to do this with someone who works in same job. If
he isn’t emotionally strong, he can cause problems for you at work such as gossip,
drama or you can cause problem for him.
Think carefully and then decide but do know there are diﬀerent relationship
models, FWB has worked for me many a times, and yes, sometimes it did go
further as into a diﬀerent relationship model as I explained above. It is real thing
if you both treat it so and follow certain steps I’ve mentioned.
I don’t date when it’s FWB. I don’t text and call everyday.
I don’t do what you’d do in a relationships investing lots of time, calls, dating and
doing the romantic stuﬀ outside etc.
I don’t invest time and emotional investment and they don’t meet my friends. It’s
a FWB, where a friend is attracted physically to one another, and it’s just sex.
If we do then ﬁne, if both of us want it but I ensure to manage relationships this
way. It’s honest, open and direct.
I do not date traditionally as I only date lovers because traditional dating is full of
games, full of ambiguity and power games.
25+years, have diﬀerent relationship, it works and not all FWB.
It can be done but with mature people, with responsible people, people who want
more from life than traditional trap type of dating, who see further than most and
haven’t got hangups about themselves, insecure about sex and using it like some
weapon. Not health for positive health relationships as it is pumped with games.
Be clear what FWB really is and not what so many make it to be and complicate it
- and - ensure the other person as well know.
That way, you both have the same understanding clearly without any ambiguity.
It’s a great way to know someone is sexual or not. If you’re sexual and you ﬁnd
yourself with someone who isn’t, you’ll ﬁnd out soon enough and you can walk
away.

Many do pretend just so they can have you in a relationship.
This is a great way to gain experience for the future.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Christina Chen

Why don't guys approach girls these days?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 24, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They do but..
1. Most women heads are up their asses. Most not all.
2. Most women are not pro-active and wear a resting bitch face. Yes, I have
one too but I don’t fucking use it. I’m smiling and people know me by me
smiling, relaxed, fun and even when I walk in or out of places, when
women see me, they are smiling back.
You can’t say “Oh I got a bitch face, but hey, that’s me.”
Well then, don’t fucking complain when guys don’t bother. If I took that
approach in life, job, career, and dating out there, acting all macho like
some gangsta, well, it’s not going to go down well is it in many places you
meet women. It’s just makes what I want to achieve a lot harder and that
to me, is not smarter.
Same with women when it comes to being approachable. Most are not
and it starts by what expression is on her face,.
3. Most women have their head down on their phones texting even when
walking. That says to guys, you’re intimidated, you’re scared, you don’t
want to talk and most of all..
“Oh she has a boyfriend.”
4. So most women are unapproachable. I know many attractive women and
they project an unapproachable vibe. I know average looking women and
they are killing it when it comes to dating because their vibe is friendly,
fun, exciting, cheerful and it makes a guy feel great about himself.
Face is very important because it is the ﬁrst thing we see when we are
born. Face reveals scorn, frowning, judgment, anger and so it is
connected to shame when you wear a bitch face, it is connected to pain,
it is connected to guilt and most of all…a person immediately is looking
to belong to a social group that they can thrive in.
If the face looks angry, looks like it’s frowning, looks like it can be
threatening, then the person will be triggered with feelings they do not
want to be part of. So the person visualises an outcome of a woman who
is ready to judge and that means he doesn’t want to be part of her group,
her world, her life and even as a connection.
5. Most let their friends interfere when they are approached and their
friends out of jealousy try to protect when most women need to stop
getting into someone’s business. Sort your friends out and educate them
to not interfere when it happens in pulling you away from the guy who
approaches.
6. Most don’t try and don’t smile. They got used to it and so your body
including your face has lots of muscles. If the habit is always a face of
frowning, of bitch face, it will be so then a lot of then times without even
a woman knowing she’s doing it. It’s habit.

7. Most are not friendly and acting all warring because they had some bad
day or past negative experience.
8. Most think the world is out to get them and behave that way. Projecting a
vibe that pushes guys away
9. Also there are some nut job women out there that don’t just reject but
can accuse you of sexual harassment and the police will believe her than
the guy. So it can be dangerous for men to approach so they use dating
apps.
10. Also, if we know you then we will will check your facebook, instagram to
see your vibe and if it’s toxic, complaining and shit, they decide not to
bother when they see you face to face, in school, college, uni etc. If we
don’t know you, we’ll get your facebook page and other social media
platforms and check you out.
What we look for on social media platforms about the woman?
1. If she is spouting stuﬀ against men in general
2. If she’s complaining about men sending her dick photos blah blah
3. If she is posting negativity
4. If she is doing things for attention seeking
5. If she has political views and ranting on about it
6. If she is doing things for attention, validation and to ﬁt in
7. If she has other interests or is she using these platforms for nothing else
but to bitch about guys, about people, about life
8. We look for red ﬂags all the time and a woman can be attractive but it is
these that will make her look like someone we stay away from
9. If you are arguing with people over silly things
10. If you are on platform like Quora, we will look at your proﬁle, comments
you post, any activity to see what you see, how you talk about men, how
you talk about women, if you slut shame men and women.
11. Is she providing value or just all about herself, her achievements
12. Is she talking negative about an ex on here and anywhere else.
13. Is she criticizing someone’s looks, body, hair, anything like that
This is the age of the internet and we can ﬁnd a lot and even if you block the
world, it is easy for the savvy to see all your facebook content, twitter,
instagram and pininterest activity and posts.
Yes, some guys have ﬁgured a way that most think is impossible to do.
Most guys use Tinder to other apps and dating websites because rejection is
easier and because most don’t have to approach face to face. Better to get it over
with this way rather than face to face.
Some have quit altogether to not bother with dating as it’s drama, exhausting and
can’t be assed with it.
Be proactive to approach guys and be approachable, dress up, smell nice, smile,
ﬂirt, show positive vibe - put eﬀort in what you want to happen.
After all, what you’re doing right now isn’t working for you.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

What are the repercussions of me trying to be like everyone
else, act like everyone else, do what everyone else does, think
the same way everyone thinks and say what everyone else says?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A man was standing and looking at the painting
Filled with fantastic life most dream to have
A woman appeared and she was compelled to share her feelings
“How great it be great if she can be like everyone else,”
He replied…
There is beauty in the spaces between
Being yourself, with the nightmares, feelings, ideas, thoughts no one can see
Beyond these false strokes and expressions disguises and lies we tell ourselves
Beyond the the world of mystics and wishing spells and fairy wells
There is so much about you that the world needs to see and hear
But if you chase reputation you become a ghost and all you fear
Instagram, facebook, twitter, keeping the lies up every week and year
The path of walking in someone else’s shadows and your direction unclear
The hunger for reputation lead your life in disarray even in a chosen career
Where are the scars that are hidden and the tears that melt like snow
Hidden away because you don’t want anyone to know
Your tears, laughter and your smile is nothing but someone else’s echo
An act, a game, craving for a fresh bite because you love someone to follow
The dreams, the goals and aspirations are not even your own design
It is but to make someone happy because of culture or bloodline
Because of caste system, religion or social peers bar line
Until you ﬁnd yourself unhappy and depressed as you pretend all is ﬁne
The piper can play any tune
You’ll dance to any one of them even it’s not your own
I understand it’s comfortable for many to march alone
But I might as well stare at an empty canvas or a clone
Your mind, your words and even your expressions are not your own
One night you see someone and want him to be more than a friend
You try so hard to change and ﬁx them so they can ﬁt in
You do all and say everything to dramatize to get his attention
Hoping he will stay interested in you - as you are in him
Keeping up the lies becomes hard work
Another stroke on your painting so there’s no lose ends
You know this isn’t you but you say, “what can I do?”
You blame everyone else as you discard and as you devalue
You know you’re addicted to lights
Shining stars in your eyes
But one day… someone will see through your masquerade and lies
They’ll see past the look, the hook, the lights and your disguise
Like a victim you’ll say you can’t help reaching for the light
You’re addicted and like a moth you losing the ﬁght
You hope no one will notice but they will on one disastrous night
It be someone you so wanted to see who you really are in life
For now, you stay up most nights rehearsing
Trying to dress, talk and walk like them
Hoping they’ll invite you to their party

You want to move from the C to popular social group list A
Cause you think that’s how you get to be a somebody
Deep down you feel you are drowning - lost in the crowd
You’re always careful what to do and say - head in the clouds
But that special someone is going to ﬁnd out
They’ll see your shame and what you’re really about
Everything you post, write is nothing but for the light
You’ll even post spiritual poses of photos and how you’re into human rights
Then that one special person appears like a Meteorite
Like the a storm they ﬂy and unafraid of the great ﬂight
He sees everything from eagle eye view like a NASA satellite
He says…
I thought you was diﬀerent and you’d not judge me
I thought you already knew who I am and I am wild and free
I thought you were sincere and we established trust, didn’t we dear
Out of all the people I knew, you’d see me, you’d really see me
Don’t don’t worry because I am also to blame
But I don’t act like a victim and I am swift in ending this game
From now on I see you like most people, hiding in shame
Life for you is all about attention seeking, so I treat you the same
I will not say a word but ﬂy, ﬂy way
You will apologise to score and downplay
It’s a pattern, I’ve seen it so many times it’s become cliche
You’re addicted, so addicted to the light
Like a victim, a covert, a moth losing the ﬁght
Everything is but a game to you, that’s right
You can hide for a short while under the kaleidoscope light
Soon to be like a Vampire, soulless and craving for the next bite
There is beauty in the spaces between
But you hide who you really are - stitched within the seams
With false expressions and disguises, and the lies you tell yourself
Like children who played games when they were twelve
When you follow for the light…you lose…a piece of yourself
Until one day you ﬁnd yourself alone in the dark with no one
Lie, lie you will but only to yourself
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy reject a girl who is considered attractive and
does not have a bad character?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Has no sexual appeal
2. Isn’t interesting
3. Drama queen
4. Talks about ex, crushes and sad victim stories
5. Behaves platonic, doesn’t ﬂirt and arouse him
6. Can see diﬃculty in sexual compatibility
7. Probably told him some sad story that put him oﬀ and has something to
do with sex, and he doesn’t want that in the future for him

8. She’s emotionally draining
9. Her personality, her choice of words is not appealing
10. She avoids ﬂirting when he does it
11. She makes it hard for him to be vulnerable, sexual, ﬂirty with her
12. She’s acting desperate for relationship and her language is geared to that.
I cannot stand women who are desperate for a relationship and try to
push that agenda, dangling sex like a carrot and doing some game. Not
interested. They don’t know the guy, not even dating long, had sex, done
things together that are very intimate and some women already
planning her her a relationship. Desperate.
13. She’s shows she doesn’t trust him
14. Doesn’t open up and show vulnerability and avoids showing aﬀection
15. Behaves like a friend rather than a woman who desires the man.
Can be any of the above and many more.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Why do I keep attracting jerks or
guys who lose interest quickly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 18, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was outside of the night club, was dancing and was hot so needed to cool down.
Some of my mates followed and one girl was talking to them. I was talking and
having a laugh with the security outside.
She was saying how she as always attracting Jerks blah blah. That it is always the
Jerks fault. That she is innocent, purposeful, doesn’t look for the looks and goes
for personality an so one of the guys shouted me over..
“Hey Adam! Needs some help here. You know this stuﬀ!”
I walk over and goes over again with her story and I grin, and guys knows when I
am grinning, a joke is coming.
So I say to her…
Your story is so familiar. Yes, like this one woman who always attracted jerks just
like you, says it’s all their fault, just like you and all your mates and pussy ass
white knight saying that it’s because men out there are Jerks and it’s nothing
whatsoever to do with her, the way you’re saying right now.
Well, one day she had 3 guys who wanted to date her and so she gave each one
£10,000 to test them out.
The ﬁrst one went and bought clothes said,
“I am always dressing hot, sexy, looking groomed and so I bought these dresses for
you so we both can now look hot and sexy too, and hit the town and party, looking
hot and good.”
The second one, went and bought stuﬀ for her that is focused on her interest and
said..
“I learned you’re interested in music, art too, so bought you art kits, canvasses,
tutorial to learn more, bought front seat tickets to watch the match of your favorite
volleyball team, plus these two bikes to go riding through the nature together, and
also an exotic holiday of where you always wanted to go and etc etc, because I care
about you, and want to make you happy. She was really impressed by the guy, as no
man ever did that for her.

The third one, took the £10,000, invested it, tripled the money, gave her £10,000
back and also another £5,000 for herself to spend on whatever she wanted and
said..
“See baby, we can enjoy working together, making money together and we’ll ever be
without anything. You can have freedom and all that and never worry about money
too the way I don’t worry about money as I’m really good at investing, and I want
the best for you and you can live it up together.
I turned to the woman and asked her…
“So which man did she choose?”
I waited only for a few seconds and said to her…
“I’ll make it easier for you. She choose the good looking one.”

I’m not going to say. “oooh it has nothing to do with you.”
Do become self critical. Your behaviour always follows your self image, always. If
you’re self image is small then your self esteem is going to be very low, and you
make decisions on that.
Check your psychological script (the stories in your head).
Start with this book..

You’ll see how what you went through as a child and right now, to also see exactly
what script is running through your head and is controlling and governing your
emotions, which governs the choices you make.
You’ll discover the games and roles you play on yourself to create the predictable
outcomes in your life especially dating, and relationships.
Or you can start with this one or why not read both…

While people can bullshit everyone else about what they want and who to blame,
what I have learned is our decisions, our behaviour, our choices gets us to where
we are.
Once, ok ﬁne, a mistake.
Twice, ﬁne, a mistake.
But when it repeats itself over and over again, then we need to stop blaming
outside like a victim and take responsibility for our own actions, our story in our
head.
Met so may women lwho say this and I ﬁnd them emotionally draining and
experts at playing transactional games to get strokes.
I stay the fuck away from them because I always, yes, always ﬁnd they are the
chasers for attention, validation, and won’t know a good man if he fucking
appeared in front of their noses due to their own stories, perception and craving
for emotional stimulus and the chase.
They don’t last long.
They got to self sabotage a good thing.
They pretend who they are and when they got the guy, they begin ﬁxing and
changing. Of course, this is only going to cause problems and the relationship
dies for her to now use this outcome she created to tell another victim type story.
Sex for women like her is a function, a weapon to use instead of seeing it as an
experience to explore with someone you are attracted to without the expectations
and rules, and fantasy to control someone.
It comes from the shame, guilt, some trauma happened in past, some
conditioning in this world regarding sex as something that deﬁnes woman’s self
worth and it leaves the door wide open for much of the cesspool in society,
information and organisations, to all kinds of messages encourages heir
emotional bias minds so that they can go oﬀ creating their own predictable
outcomes.
This is goes for guys too who bitch about how they attract this type and that type
of women. Or guys who say they got looks, job, money but can’t attract women i

their life to date.
If something repeats itself over and over again, and let’s say it’s a job and you
keep dong the same mistake it is seen as you’re incompetent.
Like a job you get an evaluation and to highlight why you are not performing as
well as you said you would on your job resume.
You haven’t developed the managerial skills, and the skill to know how to select
what is important, what will do the job and fucking it up for everyone else. The
team is struggling because of it and the company loses a lot of time and money.
You’ll get ﬁred is what will happen if these mistakes keep going on and on. They
haven’t time babysitting anyone. They got issues on life, they got to sort it out
and not bring it to work, and project their insecurities, their fears, their games
and doubts into the work place.
Performance in a job is very important.
Results matter.
You can’t go and blame it on “oh I always work in wrong company, working with
bad managers and the team is always crap, always, blah blah blah..”
You need to evaluate, learn from the mistakes, be self aware and iron out what is
holding you back and causing the shit in your life that is eﬀecting the
performance in your job or you know, you’ll be ﬁred and other companies will
want to know….why…you was ﬁred.
You get good at choosing a company that wants you for your skills, has the
culture in which you can thrive and other beneﬁts rather than choosing a job out
of scarcity or to ﬁt in with social peers.
In other words, you let your emotions make the decisions, feelings, what you see
as perceived value, over and over again.
You go for looks and status not something deeper because it makes you think..
“I’m attractive.”
You create your predictable outcome, your predictable story by your own choice,
reinforcing it by your behaviour to now have the result..
“Why do I always attract jerks..”
But deep down your story is..
“I was never loved, I was abandoned, no one will love me for me. Men use me. Men
always see me ugly..”
Or..
“I am scared of being loved, to be hurt and so I choose these guys because I know it
will lead to an outcome that will go nowhere. I am a victim. I am unworthy of love. I
feel I am ugly, not to be trusted, a liar.”
Sometimes it gets so much for some people, they say it but this also is a game, a
transactional game. I don’t see it as honesty. I see it that these women do that to
hook men in, playing a game, a dangerous one, where they hook men in, and then
never date or they do date but self sabotage it with drama.
When you have years of experience as I have with dating, you get to see women,
men, people in general, in regards to patterns and you can see the spaces in
between they think they hide.
It becomes very predictable.

You script is always reinforced by your behaviour, again and again until you
believe that lie you was told, and what you tell yourself.
Pain is predictable.
It’s comfortable even if it’s painful.
Being a victim is easy.
Blaming everyone is to blame, and every guy is a Jerk and how you never
do anything wrong and hasn’t got to do with you, is easy to do.
“Always” means you are repeatedly behaving in a way, choosing for a
certain reason that gives you the outcome again and again.
It is insane doing the same thing over and over again to then expect a
diﬀerent result.
Something has to give.
Something has to change.
You can’t change people out there or the world but you can with yourself and
make better choices, be better at selection and better decisions in life.
So it is never what you say but what your behaviour is, which then reveals the
results in your life.
People judge by results as well, not just appearances.
You visit a bank and ask for a loan but your credit score is shit.
They don’t care who is to blame.
It’s your name and identiﬁcation, your performance on that credit score and so
you are held accountable for it.
They don’t care if it’s societies fault, jerks, fault, mummy and daddy said
something years ago, or your struggling with depression.
They don#t give a damn.
Each person in that bank will not go oﬀ making decisions that can come to bite
them in the ass. They are ensuring they also got a job and so they are not going to
kiss their own asses and nor do things to feel good either.
It is all about the bottom line - how good your history is.
If you’re history regarding how you use money, your credit isn’t showing a
positive ﬂow of income, and records are not clean to a level for the loan then you
can tell a hundred sad stories, it’s not going to get you that loan.
That is why, if I ﬁnd out a woman has had long list of bad relationships, then
I will stay away from her.
If she cannot attract healthy men, if she cannot have healthy relationship and she
keeps blaming the world especially other men and not take responsibility for her
own actions to learn, grow, read, get help and educate herself to make better
choices….I stay well away from her.
It’s the psychological script.
Get some help, therapy, read some books on psychological script, understand
why you make decisions that fucks your life over and doing so again and again
again with dating and relationships.
I have given you more than what I did to the woman outside the night club but
what you do with it is your choice.

Keep making the same mistake or look deep inside you and come to terms of your
own past trauma and insecurities, and emotions.
But for pete sake,, stop falling for people who help you reinforce your lies in your
head, the script in saying it has nothing to do with you.
It has a lot to do with you if you keep repeating the same mistakes.
You are making these decisions/choices and so you need to take a share of the
responsibility of your decisions on how you select men and for what reason do
you select a man to date and be in relationship with you.
If it happens over and over again (always) you need professional help. You need
knowledge. You need to be self aware of what is going on inside you.
8.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is there one thing that all humans want?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The one thing all human beings want but can’t have or what seems out of their
reach. It is called - MORE. Human beings always want…more.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys text me ﬁrst and then not reply for hours?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Can be many reasons like..
1. The text they get back is boring
2. You avoid ﬂirting and got some hangups about it.
3. They found someone more interesting who ﬁts their needs and
personality
4. They are not that attracted to you or were curious but you didn’t grab
their attention when texting back
5. If it’s texting back and forth, and going nowhere like you showing you
desire the guy and instead you was looking for hints, it will die out.
6. You tease sexually and hold back and every time you do so, you push the
guy away because you’re taunting like a siren. So he sees nothing but an
immature attention seeking girl who acts like she never got that much
attention.
7. If texting is drama, and emotionally draining, they’ll fade away
8. Texting is always about yourself and nothing about the guy.
9. It’s one sentence or one word reply and so they see you are showing
disinterest or you’re full of yourself and only communicating with
passion when it’s all about yourself.
10. You can’t take a joke and they experience short bursts of irrationality,
negativity from you, which makes a guy not go any further as no one
likes walking on eggshells and not be themselves.
11. If you mention crushes, ex’s and all that bullshit, many will not bother. It
shows you lack experience in guys, dating. It is seen as a girl who is low
in status, low in self esteem and also an attention seeker, who is looking
for emotional support.
In other words..

1. Getting a guy’s attention is easy.
2. Keeping a guy’s attention is not and so you just don’t know how to keep a
guys attention, build on attraction that’s already there, and they lose
interest as they feel it’s become awkward fast. They don’t want to text as
it doesn’t stimulate their emotions and nor does it arouse.
3. You switch, not consistent. One day sexual and next all ranting,
negativity, serious and attacking male gender, and ta;king shit about
feminism, and all of it is to test a guy. Yes, we know your psychological
bullshit trigger games including what women put on heir bio proﬁle on
dating websites, tinder etc.
4. Texting suppose to be fun, arousing and captures the guy’s emotions and
then you lead his imagination. If it doesn’t, forget it. They’ll disappear.
Women have even tried using sex as weapon to do so, dangling it like a carrot and
failed.
So if you want the guy, you let go of being desperate for relationship which by the
way most women are and gunning for in every damn date, then you’ll be ﬁne.
You’ll have more fun than over thinking and having your walls up.
Yes, we do know when you got your walls up.
It’s very easy.
You respond platonic, avoid the ﬂirting and start doing small talk and getting all
serious.
We scan to feel the vibe, see how you avoid fun text and ﬂirty text and we can
identify when you start talking about something totally diﬀerent.
Or you pick on what something else in the text, which tells us, it’s best to move on
as it’s going to be one awkward meet up if ever a date happens. That you’re a
“good girl” type, acting like a princes and will probably be judgmental about sex
as well. Best to move on. Life is too short.
If you’re behaving like some platonic friend, well guys can get that anyway. It’s
not special, nor unique and certainly time consuming to even bother with busy
life to be friends these days.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl's proﬁle on a dating site says: “I would like to meet a
serious and brutal man for whom I will be a little princess”.
What does it mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She desires a conﬁdent, dominant, sexual man, a DOM, Master, type of man. Not
someone passive aggressive, all fucking romantic, but a man who will pin her to
the wall, rip her clothes oﬀ, spread her legs and pound her, and do all she has
fantasized about and…he needs to also know how to lead without her over
thinking, making her feel uncomfortable about it.
Brutal - rough sex, can also be sadistic, whipping, nipple clamps, pain with
pleasure. BDSM etc. You need to be conﬁdent in your behaviour, sexual lover,
masculine and ask her questions regarding what does brutal mean to her.
Also princess doesn’t mean role playing wifey.
It can mean little princess, daddy’s girl, role playing slut, whore, fetish like pet
play, slave, rape fantasies but also has tenderness when he has given her a
pounding fuck, whipping etc cetre.

She desires to be the submissive and wants to attract the dominant sexual kinky
aggressive masculine type man. So if you’re not it, walk away. She has no time for
guys who are pretenders.
If you ask her questions and she says “whatever you want” she has no clue and
she is only about pleasuring herself and not the Master. She is only some sub who
just wants to explore the terrain and curious due to past past experience.
So if she says “whatever you want” and you’re attracted to her and interested,
reply back conﬁdently….
“So if I strung you up, with ropes and chains, I am in full control, and I whip you,
mark you as my slut, my princess, my whore, and bring in 2 guys to fuck you as I
fuck your face, and if I get a knife and mark you as my slut, and use electric sex toys
as your tied up and watch as you body bucks, screaming with sweet pleasure and
pain….you’ll be ok with that?”
If she says, “no,” blah blah, then be conﬁdent again and say to her…
“Exactly. This isn’t 50 shades that hasn’t consent. So let’s talk on what brutal means
to you, what you desire, what you don’t, be open about it without us both guessing
because contrary to movies and books, I need to know exactly or it’s not going to
happen. I don’t want awkwardness. I want clarity from you. Consent from both side
and it’s clear, so we both enjoy the experience and in safety too.”
If she says yes, still ask questions and expand.
Ask tons of questions, expand what she says so there is no doubt between you
both. Let her know as well what you want. It’s not just about her.
Consent and safety is crucial, and it starts with open communication without any
ambiguity.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carlos Palma

Why is it that the greatest guy came along at the worst possible
time in my life? After pushing him so far away, do you think
there's a chance I might be able to get him back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Possible but can be diﬃcult.
It depends on how you made him feel and it also depends on his conﬁdence as
well. If it was someone who isn’t conﬁdent, hasn’t much options in life, hasn’t
much experience with women, dating, relationship, he probably come back.
If he is conﬁdent,has options, experienced, well, I doubt that very much.
Someone of that level knows you can’t ﬁx or change someone, and if he
experienced drama, stress, lack of trust, and especially dangling sex like a carrot
and making that a big deal with games, accusing him by behaving in a way in not
trusting…doubt he’d want to come back.
Such women who do that leave a man never wanting to ever set eyes on them
again. Or talk to them. They move on fast and not look back.
Dating and relationships is already diﬃcult, so why make it even more diﬃcult
when a man such as that has many other options and he can date, be in
relationship and even communicate with some for along time, they’d be patient,
to meet. Making life so much easier, less drama and far more enjoyable because
she got her shit together.
I personally stay the fuck away from women who act that way. Once bitten, twice
is a fool to ever go back to the same woman or give her another chance. People

remember how they felt and if they felt shit when trying to know someone, and
that someone holds back, is being awkward, being less communicative and takes
them for granted, they’ll also stay away.
You got issues, but so does someone else. No one is ever ready in life. You do the
best with what you have and personally, if I had many issues, I’d have sorted
them out before ever trying to attract anyone because I don’t want to hurt them,
make them feel I want to date and act like a victim, pushing them away because I
don’t want to open up due to some past negative experience.
I know many people are like that and I rather stay away from such women.
Sure, I know people change too but rarely do I ﬁnd people change their patterns
that much. It takes years for someone to change and even when they do, it’s not
that much of a change.
The only way you’ll know if you ask him.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is there really such a thing as inner beauty?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was doing my shopping and with my rucksack on my shoulders, containing all I
bought, I saw a tall red head, and she was very attractive but I was like..
“Meh, it’s common, see women like this everywhere.”
But then something she did got me to stop and admire her.
As she was walking across the zebra crossing, and everyone was rushing to get to
the other side, she saw an old man slowly walking to other side, real slow, with his
stick.
She slowed down really slow, and moved to side of where the cars can come from,
and just pretended she was talking on her phone, pacing herself in the same very
slow pace of the old man.
As they both reached to other side, the old man turned, smiled, thanked her and
hugged her. She hugged him too lovingly, like it was her grandad, or someone she
knew for years and went her way.
It was very emotional for me when I saw it. Maybe because I see the world moving
fast ahead of me and yet, seeing this made everything fade away to see how
beautiful she is from the inside.
That for me is inner beauty and anyone has that potential no matter of looks,
height, colour, gender, rich or poor.
People say they haven’t got value, haven’t got anything to bring to world but they
are so wrong. If only they knew this what seems a small act of kindness can make
someone feel special and not feel alone.
So that’s one of many ways I see inner beauty.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Who can write something random here?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know why I like trees?
They live longer than us human beings and they create the forest, without ever
wanting to control anything. They stand there against the storm, the rain, the

wind, the cold and the blazing sun.
Everything around them is changing and moving fast but they are still there,
standing, patient and giving.
The squirrels, the birds, the ants and many more that we don’t see live with these
trees. They beneﬁt from the ﬁnding of food, for shelter and so the inhabitants of
the forest enjoy the giving from the trees.
Trees, they have proved how giving from themselves is powerful and being
vulnerable, honest and direct, whether they are accepted or ignored, whether
people come or do not…they keep on giving, they still there, even when
technology and so many things have come and gone.
When you’re tired, you walk where the trees are, and feel re-energized. You can’t
help but be kind, forgiving, smile, humble. grateful, feeling the emotions
throughout your body, memories ﬂy before you as you are in deep thought.
The forest ﬁlled with sounds of birds, movement of the leaves and branches, the
song of the breeze that invites you further in as the crushing of the leaves paves a
path for you to walk like a master of your own fate. You see colours you never
seen before, you notice things you never did and yet it was always there. You see
the details and the space of life and all in between.
If there was another way of death, I would have liked it that I can walk on a path
towards the forest. To look back at the cities and world that’s most about
controlling, possessiveness and taking, and then walk on into the wilderness, like
a free wild beast and disappear into nature to hear the calling of trees, and all in it
welcoming me back come.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I am seeing told me she has been with 10 guys before me.
I'm a virgin with high moral standards, and this bugs me a lot.
How do I cut this oﬀ? Should I tell her how I feel, and how my
moral standards aren't like hers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Just say you’re ﬂattered but you don’t see her in that way, and then move on.
This will only cause problems for her and you’ll be insecure as fuck when she
lives her life, asking questions about guys and jealousy and possessiveness kicks
in.
If you’re already dating, just say say you don’t want to waste her time and feel it’s
not working out for you. Just say it politely.
No judging and keep your opinions of your morals and her morals to yourself.
711 Views · View Upvoters

What's going on in a guy's mind while hugging a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What's going on in a guy's mind when he hugs a girl?

1. Aww. she’s friendly
2. Not a war blah blah feminist nut. Awesome.
3. She must get along with a lot of people. Brill.
4. I hope to Thor up high she doesn’t think I am interested in her
5. Oh fuck, another hug. I need a drink

6. Is her boyfriend around because if he even tries acting hero, I will knock
his fucking block oﬀ. I am not in the mood today for this shit
7. Ok, which guy out there she is trying to get jealous?
8. If she even tries taking some selﬁes shot, I’ll destroy her phone
9. She smells nice.
10. She reminds me of my sister
11. Ok she’s a ﬂirt, being friendly that’s all
12. She’s conﬁdent. Refreshing.
13. I like her vibe.
14. I needed this today. I feel shit but I don’t anymore.
63 Views · View Upvoters

Why do people say suﬀering makes you stronger, even though it
does not always?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Suﬀering doesn’t make you stronger.
It can kill you is what it can do IF you don’t have the attitude to learn from it and
ﬁgure out a way to not suﬀer anymore.
You know this phrase…
“If it doesn’t kill you, it will make you stronger.”
That’s about attitude.
If it doesn’t screw you up, fuck you up, and you’re still standing to ﬁnd a way then
you’ll become stronger.
If you don’t learn from it, if you act defeated, if you act the role of a victim, if you
don’t spiral down into depression, if you think no one gives a shit and that is the
reason to quit, then suﬀering doesn’t make you stronger.
What does, is your attitude, the way you see challenges, obstacles, your emotions
and if you got that attitude to ﬁght…then you’ll rise and you’ll make life your
bitch.
Life will send you it’s wolves but you will return leading the pack.
Attitude is king - when you want to get stronger.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you and your ex still love each other, but
she wants to focus on her rebound relationship to see if it is
real?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t let your dick do the thinking for you
You - Hey you, no more thinking for me
Dick - But I can’t get another girl to fuck, relationship and..
You - Shut the fuck up man. I’m not some pussy ass fool, who cannot go and
attract someone who is passionately into me than this bullshit of a girl!
Dick - Oh, ok but
You - NO! Enough of this drama! Chasing some fucked up girl who has the
audacity to tell me she wants to see her other relationships and then come back to

me when she had her fun, and fucl me over again. Once, ok. Twice, I’m an idiot,.
Three times, I am fool who needs to grow the hell up from Oneitis!
You move on.
Have self respect and standards.
You can do much better.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What could it mean when a guy says “I think I love you” if they
drunk text you at 3 AM?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, if it was some guy who is as ugly as fuck you’d think yourself he’s a
creep but because he must be good looking or attraction level is high for you, you
don’t think straight.
It means, stop giving your phone number to guys who need a lot of growing up to
do to ever be drunk to text that shit. And ﬁnd some guy, probably older, who have
balls and backbone to say what they want to feel without a drink and who are not
going back and forth like some teen or college student.
It means, life is sending a message, a feed back to the person who adds these
types of question on here….
“Is this the level of standard you’re going for in guys and level of behaviour? Haven’t
you had enough pain as it is? Do you want to get hurt more? Are you craving for
validation that much and hungry for acceptance to give number to some guy who
cannot even behave in a manner to get his shit straight and thinks he can text you
that kind of bullshit to not block and delete, but to ask what it means?”
That’s what it means.
Life is sending you a message..
“When are you going to get out of your bubble? Choose guys that are emotional
strong, mature and got a backbone to say how they feel without a drink, and who
don’t confuse you playing games. Let go for seeking for validation, acceptance, and
approval because asking ‘what it means’ is not about the other person but about
one own self ego.”
I got no problem a guy who has balls and says..
“You know how people meet for ﬁrst tome, and there’s this click and you know, just
know you want to be with this person, and you feel this trust, you feel you can grow
with his person, in everyday possible? That’s how I feel about you right now?”
Even…
“Listen, I would love to pin you to wall and pound you all night long, and yeah, if I
lose you because of what I say, I don’t give a fuck but you turn me on when you look
at me like that, ad the way you’re passion about arts, music, this and that, I feel I
can tangle myself up with in emotionally, intellectually and DAYUM girl, sexually
and romantically too. If that’s too much for you, it’s cool, it’s ﬁne, but if we are in
same wave length, let’s meet and talk..”
This is how I screen women out. This is how I annihilate Covert Narcissists. This
is how I stop the games. This is how I ensure I get a Fuck Yes or Fuck No, now!
It doesn’t mean it always turns out awesome. Sometimes you meat people who
are good wearing masks. Sometimes even when you’re compatible, you ﬁnd
something they hid, something they didn’t say, something in their mind and

suddenly it appears and you got to let this person go because they lied. Because
they hid that part or because they pretends to be who they are not and try to ﬁx
and change you.
Or you ﬁnd they switch from being so sexual and not talking shit, boring, and
holding back now, because they have an agenda.
Ir you ﬁnd they are immature emotionally and so when infatuation is gone, like
some teen girl looking for excitement, like a sub who looks to just explore the
terrain and not really a submissive women into the kinky sex, she loses it and
disappears or starts playing some word games and you block, you mve on and she
and women like her forgotten easily.
Maybe an ex is involved still and you ﬁnd out so even though you date, sex, and
all tat - you know - it will end because you have the experience, the insight and
you know she is only looking for some excitement because he man is boring as
fuck but she uses him for stability until she does it again and again.
So you have standards.
Balls. Backbone.
Men who got substance and who will be willing to lose you and regret, rather than
hold back and not say how they feel and desire. Men who haven’t got women on a
pedestal and got an opinion.
Man who doesn’t see you as “think, maybe, might, don’t know, not sure” but is
direct, says it clear that he desires you in behaviour and in words.
Now that depends also where you are in life.
If you are immature, wanting attention, think life is a game, a chase, and sex is a
trophy, and you is the prize, then you’ll run like hell when a conﬁdent guy speaks
like that but that’s good for conﬁdent men. We make sure we say these words and
behave as such for that purpose alone - to screen women out who want a chase,
who don’t know what they want, who are fucked up, screed up emotionally and
carry tons of baggage.
We rather have 100 nos that leads to a woman that says Yes rather waste out
valuable time and emotional investment. It’s a lot faster.
But if you’re someone who is ready, has left those things behind, who had enough
of pretty boys and magazine pin up guy, and status where yo want a guy to look
pretty, feel special and your facebook friends, and social friends see you as “oooh
she got a hot guy..” and you moved on from this, then these type of men don’t
scare you but turn you on, and you feel certainty, you feel you have so moved on
miles away from most women today.
You will attract men like that if you raise your standards, if you avoid looking for
hints, ambiguous signs, frustrating yourself with back and forth mental and
emotional games.
Games we call transactional games.
You do something, it gets a response. He does something, he gets a response, On
and on, but it goes nowhere and it’s emotionally draining. At ﬁrst it’s exciting,
you got attention but after a while, it’s emotionally draining and you lost your
youthful years, energy on guys like that, and you’re not young anymore.
You’ll be like most women 35 and in all their big talk, now their market share is
gone down big time and most guys are gout to walk by and not even give a fuck
and you’ll be so busy work, job, taxes, you won’t even have time checking a guy
out.

By the time you know it, life has past you by because you was into the
transnational games, back and forth to stroke each other’s egos.
Nothing good comes out of it and it is how yu attract Narcissists. When someone
knows you’re needy for approval, acceptance, validation, rather than cut the
game out and get a fuck yes or fuck no, no one can pull your chain and you’d
never look for signs or as “what does it mean.”
But please do, stop giving out phone numbers to guys until you get a fuck yes or
no right there and then, so you know the context of what the following ongoing
conversations mean.
Preferably avoiding immature, can’t handle one’s drink school/college type of
student guy, and thinks it’s ok to send shit bullshit text like that.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kristine Davis

My ex and I broke up a few weeks ago. I don’t want him back but
I feel like I should sit down with him and explain exactly how
much damage he has done. Is it worth it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Get an A4 paper.
Write a full blown letter. Two sides. Say whatever you got to say. I mean the whole
lot. Then…burn it and move on.
That way your ego feels better without someone else’s expense.
That’s really what it is about.
Move on. You’re an ex. It’s over.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is the “If women ruled the world, there would be no wars”
perception accurate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 15, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you remember her..

Myra Hindley and others such as Rosemary West and Aileen Wuornos - they are
women and known as some of the most evilest people on earth.
Heard of a female serial killer called Karla Homolka

She was jailed for raping and murdering her sister and two teen girls. She lured
the victims into a car and with the help of her man, raped and killed them. She
was never charged for the murder of her sister so justice wasn’t really served. Not
a lot of people know that part. She struck a deal with the prosecutor.
Heard of Nannie Doss? Known as the “Giggling Nanny….

A serial killer who killed 11 people. in the 1920s. Just look at her, you won’t think
it would you?
We can go back further to Gesche Gottfried who went on her killing spree
between 1813 and 1827..

She murdered 15 people, using arsenic. Like Nannie Doss, she liked killing her
own family and also believed to have killed her children, her parents, her
husbands and her ﬁnance. She mixed the arsenic in the food.
How about the Blood Countess, Elizabeth Bathory?

Serial killer in 16th century and beginning of 17th century. Hungarian
noblewoman. She tortured and killed up to 650 girls and young women at her
castle in Cachtice, modern Slovakia.
Her nickname came about due to her liking to bathe in the blood of her victims
because she believed it would help her maintain her youthful looking skin.
You can see more, 25 evil women in this video…

So no, the wars will continue, as well as the killings, so will a lot of evil in the
world. Nothing will really change.
Best you put the pedestal most put women on away and burn it to the ground.
The world with its darkness will continue even if all the countries were lead by
women. Nothing will really change because women, though there is diﬀerences
biologically, they are same as man - a human being.
When it comes to emotions like in situations of divorce, then get ready for your
assets to be gone, manipulation using even the children, and the system will help
them too.

If you put a gang of women together who are average looking and walks in a hot
sexy woman who is very attractive, you’ll see the claws come out.
All that talk about “We are feminist” is out of the window.
Even now you see feminist women bitching about each other, slandering each
other, calling each other sluts.
So women can also can get ill, diseased, fucked up, become psychopaths,
Narcissists, killers, evil, jealous, possessive, revengeful, greedy, envious and cold
as ice, without mercy and even with passion in enjoying inﬂicting pain onto
others.
15.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is the actual meaning of living a thug life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Thug life was a world that really evolved in time of 2PAC, a code which most took
wrong way due to mainstream media, some pop/folk artists, meaning the drug,
gangsta life.
It really means…
“What you feed us as seeds, grows, and blows up in your face, thats Thug Life.”
In other words, you can’t pull a strong person down, and he can have nothing at
all, from the hood and will overcome obstacles, and if you try to fuck with this
person, then the seeds you sow, will grow and blow right back in your face. That is
the Thug life and has nothing to do with being gangsta or criminal.
The Thug Life..
“The life one must lead in order to rise through the everyday struggle.”
9k Views · View Upvoters

What do we really know about nutrition?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 14, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think we don’t know a lot. Well, I didn’t until a lot of studying and I realised, that
it’s not nutrition I feel I needed to study ﬁrst but more on how our body works.
The Basics of understanding how even our kidneys eﬀect so much like even the
bags under our eyes.
But that’s my personality.
I’m detail type of person, I want answers to the questions ﬁrst, the what, how and
why all before me.
When I understood how my body works, I began to see how diﬀerent types of
food, when to eat them, why you eat them helps the body in diﬀerent ways. It was
then that I went further to study nutrition.
I also realised how much myths is being pushed by mainstream media, ﬁtness to
bodybuilding commercials and even pharmaceutical companies. government to
agencies, organisations.
They all have agendas to set and it’s all about changing people’s perception for
the fast, quick, instant etc. You really got to your home work and not believe what
someone says or shares.
I’m in my 40’s and people I know are feeling tired a lot but I’m pounding with
energy and know when to not eat certain food for when I want to sleep, when to

stop and so on. My sexual drive is higher than ever before, my energy high, I feel
fresh even right to the evening and late night.
I know what makes me bounce with energy fast but sustained in mornings right
to afternoon and my food, 4–5 times are carefully done.
I know what food to eat for high performance for lots of things, like training to
general living, and what helps me sleep and what to cut out before sleep.
It all got me to respect my body and what the mind, the ﬁle-ring system and
everything really my body does for me. Also respect for certain professions who
know this stuﬀ inside out. I have this sense of huge respect for them now and
when I see men and women who know a lot about this, I admire them a lot
because it wasn’t easy for me to learn and I don’t know half of what these folks
know.
There’s a lot to learn about our body and our mind, how it works and how even
our posture gets eﬀected by the lack of walking, lack of stretching, lack of eating
right, lack of water and knowing how to do it right, when to do it and for how
long.
So I didn’t know a lot years ago and I wanted to know and now it’s become a
passionate for me which is why I don’t buy much tins and stuﬀ and buy fresh and
cook. I love now cooking. I know what I am eating, why, when and there are other
parts I do as well like stretching, ﬁtness and weight training.
I only do take out food when it’s really needed but I rarely do that.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you spoil your dog?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they say hello without any games, without hints and enjoy my company.
They don’t give a damn how I write, what I look like and always happy to see me
without overthinking.
Th ﬁrst is Falko and he’s sad here because he knows I’m ﬂying away again…

Because he is not like most in world, wasting time talking or writing about you.
Gossip. He’s better than most human beings. He just doesn’t give a fuck about
your ways in world and accepts you as you are.
He tells me what he wants by clear behaviour.
Lemeur is the same….

Sadly he past away last year…and he too was sad that was leaving as I spend time
with them, walk about with them and we have fun.
Lemeur is buried in the Garden and a roses was planted on his grave and it’s
grown. Children who knew of him would visit and talk to him as they sit because
they got also close to him and he to them.
Both, when they wanted food, they’d sit near their bowl of food.
Though I know when and how much because both are funny guy’s because they'd
pretend I never gave them any food, stand there looking at big bowl, look at me,
then looks a bowl, looks at me again. I’m not falling for it. I did in the beginning
but got experience now with dogs and cats now.
When they wanted hugs and strokes, they’d approach and sit next to me, nudging
their body or head on me. So, when they wanted something it’s direct. When they

happy they show it. When they want to be close to you, they show it. When they
want something they…just…show it.
More fucking mature than most human beings who do all their hints and being
all ambiguous or gossip when they never, ever met you. Very easy to live with and
consistent.
They are very loyal no matter if you’re not perfect or if you don’t make much
money, if you grow taller or older. They just love you in a way that’s all giving.
Both knew if I was feeling down and come to cheer me up. They are givers in their
own way.
In other words - the dogs give a lot more than we really do. They love you
unconditionally. They become part of your family and you look after them, treat
them as part of your family.
Then there’s my Cat Felix..

Cats are petty much diﬀerent to dogs.
He’s very independent.
If he wants to walk, he’ll go and walk himself. If he wants to stroll out, he can. He
doesn’t need a collar with a leash. Love him to bits. Wise, easy to take care of and
just awesome friend. If he wants food, he’ll come sit on my chair or laptop and
looks at me, or does his cuddly moves and purring and then when he gets his
food, he buggers oﬀ for a while.
I see his also as family.
He has his own story and adventures but for another time.
31 Views · View Upvoters

If we know we will end up getting hurt, why do we take the risk
of loving someone again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever been in the dark for a long time?
If you step out into the light, the eyes hurt, takes time to adjust. It’s painful
especially if you’ve been in the dark for a while.
You walk outside to this brave new world of ours, your feet as well feels sharp
stabbing pains because you got no shoes.
It’s all new for you with lots of feelings without much experience.
You can run back into the cave, into the dark or you can keep going and soon,
you’re eyes will get used to the light and when it gets dark to light again, it doesn’t
hurt as much.
You’re feet hardened and get used to the rocky terrain, the prick of branches on
the ﬂoor, the coldness of the water, the diﬀerent seasons that come to pass again
and over again.
You begin to learn the art of managing your emotions, the sudden light, the
quicken at times of the dark and how to heal faster when cut.
You see the sunrise, it’s a diﬀerent this time and not because it hasn’t been there
but this time, you see with new eyes, the eye of experience, wisdom, maturity and
an understanding of the ﬁnal mystery of love.
To love yourself.
You want someone else to feel that feeling and this time, with an open heart and
with boundaries that cannot be shaken.
5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I improve myself in 6 months?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Go out
2. Live
3. Do a lot of living
4. You’ll ﬁgure it out soon enough
The reason I say these is because of the following.
No one can teach you anything but only help to bring what you already know to
your awareness. That is all.
If you’re asking this question, you haven’t gone out and ﬁrst lived, blazed your
own path in your own way.
Go and live.
You’ll know what you need to improve on and why.
The why is the world will fuck you over, crucify you, and life will pound you to
the ground if you don’t learn to do so. It doesn’t care about who you are, where
you are, what excuses you got.
You don’t need anyone to tell you how to improve yourself in 6 months.
Life will do that for you if you go out and go and live.
More importantly..
You’ll know why.

It becomes speciﬁc to where you want to be and why you want to be there.
Life will remind you why every day until the pain is too much for you to ﬁgure it
out your own way.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

How can I talk to a guy I never talked to before?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You take any questions on Quora, like the one here.
Then you walk up to him and say..
“Hey, you look like someone who might know….maybe you can help me……how
can a woman talk to a guy she doesn’t know? Got any ideas?”
Now you got something to talk about.
You can take it further in complimenting his genius mind, and how it’s very
attractive and how you don’t see much of that in guys.
Then add…with a smile….
“Would you like to go out sometime as you know an awesome place, (choose
something not expensive, like a place to drink coﬀee)”
You can even suggest place to see in city.
Make sure if yes, exchange numbers and let him know it’s ok to text and call you
so you both sort this out.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What's something that sucks about being a man?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tick tock I am about to explode
How I feel - nobody knows
You can’t see beyond these clothes
Gotta look strong - a man composed
Don’t tell me you want to know
Like you give a damn where my mind goes
The pain will always stay in the shadows
Even when the sky tears wide open
And the ground trembles beneath me
Even when my name is forgotten
I know you’ll never hear it from me
Even when the scars dig deep
And I don’t feel complete
For dream to crumble at my feet
Even when I can feel the blue heat
Tired of standing strong on these worn out feet
You won’t know I am browbeat
Cause I know…
You showed me it’s suicide
One drop of a cyanide
If I say how I feel
Our love will backslide

You’ll disappear to the east side
You’ll curl up from the landslide
So don’t act like you’re mystiﬁed
Or surprised
You showed me it’s suicide
Suicide, suicide
Silence treatment cut like razor blade
Erecting walls for the blockade
Tick tock I am about to explode
How I feel - nobody knows
You can’t see beyond these clothes
I’m a man
Gotta look strong - a man always composed
Keep it all inside so nobody knows
Nobody knows
Nobody knows
2.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hugo Quinonez

Why won't a guy make a move on a girl he likes?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I met a guy who had courage of a lion
It was like he could foresee the future, like a Mayan
So eﬀortlessly with women like he wasn’t even trying
I’d watch him leave with two women like silhouette in the horizon
One day I asked him..
“How can you make a move on a woman just like that?”
“How can you ﬂow with words like magic, right oﬀ the bat?”
“Like you’re turning on their thermostat?
“When I want to approach I stop cause I feel like a rat”
“While you do it so naturally like a Tom Cat”
“I feel ashamed to do what you do and ﬂow with it…just like that.”
He said..
Boom, Boom, Boom
Goes the voices in my head
Soon, soon, Soon
But I approach immediately, instead
I don’t feel shame the way you do
I grow through it so can you
Or you go through the fear again and again
Living in fear, like the way many do
Cause I don’t see them superior
Nor do I see any as “the one”
I have no shame of being a man of desires
But a man who lives and sings his own song
You got a lot roaming your mind
Because you grew up ashamed of who you are
Conditioned brained washed through time
Believing what you do is a crime
Shame, shame, shame
Is the worlds game

Set by Agenda setters
They’re all the same
The world doesn’t go round on it’s own
Puppet masters pull strings
So you grow out having a backbone
I can attract even if I am poor
Or even when when I am rich
I don’t need money or the toys
Nor words to set up some sales pitch
I see the world as mine
I see all this was made for me
I see I was made for a time
To live the way I want to be
I have done this many times, repetition weekly
To such I can write words like this in rhyme, naturally
When you keep doing without overthinking
Growing through it and just keep doing
Looking not for results but you are learning
The nervous system in your body begins to listen
It adapts and your brain develops as you’re training
Doing it again and again gives it far more information
Than someone who does it just one time to quit or do nothing
Like when you need to ﬁrst be ﬁrst before the boxing ring
You cannot step in there until you learn the basics and timing
Your body isn’t ready and nor is your breathing
You won’t last 30 seconds because you’re body is not healing
You’ll be unﬁt and move too slow
You’re body combination will not naturally ﬂow
You are trying to run before you crawl
This is the basics law of success, didn’t you know?
When time comes to approach you’re not ready
You don’t do that for your studies or a degree
You’d have studied, practiced again and again like me
You’d have all answers and experiences or look like you haven’t had any
Like a virgin who walks on the stage of the world
Never did a thing to prepare and was waiting for the one
When the time came he found himself ill prepared
He found himself unskilled, inexperience and not emotionally strong
He thought being nice, kind is attraction
So he acts passive and without the right action
He overthinks every step and is in hesitation
He fails to understand it’s not about women but direction
To always grow, move forward rather than in suspension
He gets in the way and he is the interruption
Always in intermission
Paralyzed to take the true intent action
So like him you do things to be approved
I approach to see if she’s worthy
You do it for the headline news
I approach to see if she can get along with me

You do it to impress with words and money
I know I’m enough and I just BE
You crave for validation like a Junky
I approach with all the magic already in me
I don’t need a song or a dance
Just yes or no is all it be
I give a woman only one chance
If there’s no compatibility, there’s more in the sea
I don’t ﬁx and change and think. “she’s the ONE for me”
Just one chance is all it’s going to be
And even when it is a Yes a to me
If she plays games, drama or becomes noise like a Banshee
Tries to devalue me and fades or acts distant silently
I don’t care for a day or two
I am done with her and I’ll set myself free
She can slither back to a fool who falls for her melancholy
Crocodile tears and diva wannabe
I’ll close that door without warning and instantly
That’s why you fear life when you approach
You are always ﬁlled with the poison called shame
Fearing rejection is what it’s called but it’s the same
You see life as a chase and something of a game
I see life as an experience to explore and no one is to blame
Boom, Boom, Boom
Goes the voices in your head
Soon, soon, Soon
And you walk away instead
12k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get a winning attitude?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First let’s look at what is attitude.
Think of it as your own mental window of the world you see and experiences you
go through. Some people will see the world as hopeless, there is no way out, stuck
and you can hear it in their words and see it in their behaviour.
Some see the world in which they must empty their cup or half of it, so the
knowledge of others and experience, to expertise can be poured in for them to
move forward in their life.
They see the world in a diﬀerent way because their mental ﬁlter penetrates
beyond the dirt of the window to be able to see the landscape of endless
possibility, new horizons and do so with optimism.
For others, their cup is always full, their mind closed, they can only see
negativity, darkness and others have more than them and it is always blaming the
world, the circumstances, the lack of opportunities, and where they are and who
they are now and not where they can and become. Pessimism is their ﬁlter in
which they cannot penetrate the dirt to see the great landscape ahead.
This then in simple terms explains the diﬀerence between positive and negative
attitude. It is not that we deny there is darkness in life but we also know there is
light, there are good people, there is a way to see things diﬀerently so that we may
think of solutions rather of a dead end.

Someone will say “I can’t,” will then other says,”I will ﬁnd a way.”
Some say “I have no friends,” while others say, “I’ll be that friend to others.”
Someone will say it’s “due to my looks, I will forever be alone,” while other says, “I
will learn new skill, develop them, enhance my ability in conversation skills and
gain far more experience to engage, communicate and attract. I will leverage
what I have and increase my averages higher.”
While the one sees only problems, then other sees problems have solutions and
he/she will ﬁnd out what these are.
While one thinks they haven’t got knowledge and stays put, then other will turn
every stone to ﬁnd it or hire someone who knows.
While one thinks of what they haven’t got and nothing of value to give, the other
person is grateful of being alive, of food, drink, of living another day and knows
even a smile, their time in giving is valuable for there are many lonely souls out
there who need a kind word or encouragement.
In other words..
The ﬁrst thing to watch out for and to develop is your own thoughts.
You may not see them, like air but they form into words, they form into actions,
actions become habits, and habits shape your character.
The words we say to ourselves can sabotage or will help us to propel forward.
Words are not just words but they can destroy or they can help you achieve.
Imagine it like this..
When you was a child and you learn to do something whether you walked or
painted, or did something, and you fell, you made a mess, you heard cheers, you
heard positive, you was seen as cute, someone who is making things happen and
everyone around you was laughing and cheering you on.
When you fell, you was able to see the smiles, hear the encouragement and get up
and walk again. You didn’t think…
“I will never walk like they do.”
“I wll never run like they do.”
You got up and did it again and again.
But as you grew and you is now a teen, and you fell, you did not get then marks,
you stumbled, you didn’t see smiles, you didn’t hear laughter, you didn’t hear
how beautiful you are, you didn’t hear how amazing you are, you didn’t hear
tomorrow is another day or you can do this.
Instead you heard the words of scorn, the words like “failure,” or “failed” or “not
good enough,” and you heard more no’s than yes, a thousand more no’s than you
have yes, or you can, or you can do this, or the world is yours so go for it because
we believe you got this even if you fall a thousand times, you got this because it is
all about growing, learning, getting better each time and you will.
So when you got older…
The clean window was thrown with dirt. It was words of criticism than
encouragement. It was words of lack of belief in you than cheering you on.
It was the words of from parents, teachers, friends, bullies, interview panels and
rejection after rejection, ridicule, and what you cannot achieve. That mind of
yours saw the dark brushes of someone else’s perception of you and the ongoing

abuse and ridicules, and isolation from your peers, from boyfriends, to
boyfriend’s friends, to many you come across.
It became a window of rejection. A window of not good enough. A window of
failure and noting else but that. A window of how you are ugly, or your not bright
enough or you’re slow, and disappointments after doubts that clouded your view
of the endless possibilities in you that can bring value to the world you live in
today.
And as that keeps ﬂowing, it becomes a program, like a DVD replaying in your
mind, which is like more dirt, more dust, more mud, more added to your window
in which you see yourself and life itself, to such that is most of what you see.
But imagine then if we did that with our computers with the hard drives.
We don’t clean it. We don’t protect it,. We don’t fragment it once in a while, we
don’t check for viruses, and as time goes by, the system gets slower, and slower,
and it does not work high performance anymore.
Until it only needs one more hit and….now you got to pay a lot more money to ﬁx
and clean your computer.
We don’t play another new program, a new DVD and another new one, and
another and another until we drown that noise that says we can’t, we are not good
enough, we are ugly, to programs, thoughts that says we can, we are good enough,
we can learn more, we can get better, fuck to the boss, to the managers, to the
companies who doesn't promote me, I’ll ﬁnd another who way and I’ll up my
knowledge and skills to do so.
No more lowering my standards, no more dating people who are not sexual as
me, no more dating anyone who thinks dirty talking is taboo, no more hand
holding and babysittig insecurities of others, no more waiting, no more holding
back…NO MORE!
The buck stops here!
Life is short, why should I live without what I want and need because someone
else isn’t ready or someone else thinks it’s taboo, or someone else thinks it cannot
be achieved or someone else thinks I am not good enough.
I know I can do better and I will!
Sounds selﬁsh, I know but you need to be at times, you need to put yourself ﬁrst
sometimes, you need to believe in you more than anyone else with because that’s
how winning is done.
Being self aware of your own internal dialogue and also protecting your mind
from others who try to bombard it with what they think cannot be done or
shouldn’t be done because it makes them fear you ﬂying or makes them
uncomfortable and want you to be less, when you can be much more.
People take more care with their laptops, ipads, cars, iphones than they do with
their own mind.
They have locks, passwords, alarms and yet our mind is not protected.
We do that by ensuring daily, consistently to feed it with thoughts that cleans up
that mud and if we leave it for a long time, it will take longer to do the work,
which is why it becomes a tenacious habit where you battle with now and it
eﬀects all areas of your life even…the choices you make.
Start there because I can give many more steps but this is the most important
one, the most powerful of them all because when you can do this consistently,

you will with passion, enthusiasm, automatically gravitate anyway to these steps.
You will ﬁnd a way what they are anyway.
The ﬁrst step will propel you forward to act in that way, behave in that way and
help you decide and choose in a certain way.
If it has been years, there will be lot of mud on that window you see yourself
as and the world you live in.
It will take time.
Instead of thinking “result now,” see it as “learning to ﬁrst be consistent in the
basic principles of success.
“What we sincerely believe regarding ourselves is true for us.” - Orison Swett
Marden
For example, I didn’t step in the boxing ring until I had to get ﬁt, get the basic
fundamentals sorted for a while. It took a while to ever step in the ring. If I
stepped in the ring, I won’t have lasted 30 seconds.
You got to be ﬁt, going 3–5 minute round and ﬁtter to go further.
The basics are the key to everything.
Advancing without the basics is not going to happen.
Step 1. Read positive books. Read, ﬁll your mind of possibilities. 15 mins or a
page a day.
Step 2. Speak positive, speak as it is has happened already to yourself. Make
your self talk work for you instead of against you. You don’t need to do it in front
of people. Never tell anyone you are doing it. Keep it to yourself. This is your
window not theirs. Make it easy yourself, Record it as mp3 and replay it for your
mind to clean that window everyday. You can listen as you’re walking, doing
things or on travel as well in bus or tube train, or driving in car but do it when
alone.
Step 3. Avoid rushing success.
This is an ongoing learning journey. Changes and improvements won’t happen in
a day, or week. Maybe in a few months or month, you begin to feel diﬀerent but
still, see it as a journey. Keep going.
Step 4. Take heart in knowing, many will not do this.
This is strange for many people. Keep it to yourself. Let it be your own self
awareness and your journey. No one needs to know. Do it for you.
This doesn’t mean you won’t have challenges in your life.
You will still have problems or down time in which you will feel shit at times. Nor
will you wake up the next day rich, a successful entrepreneur because this is only
the ﬁrst to moving in a direction but it is a step forward.
It will at times be battles due to habits are tenacious, you will need to adapt, lean
to enjoy the process and journey. Make it into a fun celebration for you everyday
when alone.
Soon you will even feel certain people are toxic for you, things are going to
change and tough decisions will need to be made.
You cannot clean someone else’s window, ﬁx them, change them but you can
work to clean yours so you can see the great landscape inside you and out in the
world where endless possibilities await you.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

While meeting my boyfriends friends I was very quiet and he
thought that I was bored and I wasn't at all. Later one of his
friends made a comment about “watching out for the quiet
ones”. I'm not sure what to think. How should I feel about this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is for him to make the vibe comfortable for you because he is introducing you
to his world, and he needs to lead and needs to get things going but looks like to
me, he is either some young guy who only cares about status to show oﬀ to his
friends.
Like wise, when you invite and bring him to your world of friends, you ensure
that too and your friends don’t go oﬀ acting in a way that makes things awkward
but friendly, inviting and fun.
Maybe you saw this guy as attractive because of looks alone and not character,
not someone who can also see what’s important for you, taking your feelings into
considering to other aspects like what makes happy, what makes you feel alive,
what gives you pleasure and wild, and what gives you the reassurances you need.
I won’t be surprised he is also someone who only gives a shit about his image
than your comfort. I smell status all over this and deep down, you are someone
who desires deep emotional connection, sensitivity from a lover, someone who
sees these what seem small but are big deal for you.
You’re only option is communicate with him how you feel but I doubt much will
happen if the person is about status, image and all about themselves.
Other option is - to overcome taking other people’s opinion about yourself as fact.
Maybe you put a lot of importance to what people say about you, desiring
acceptance, approval to ﬁt in. Just a thought.
955 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kristine Davis

Should I tell my ex-boyfriends new girlfriend that he’s cheating
on her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying…
“Some people create their own storms and when it rains and thunders, and
lightning strikes them, they complain.”
If you don’t want to create a storm in your life, best move on and mind your own
business. Let them create their own storms in their own life.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy texts you a lot but doesn’t talk to
you in person often? By the way he told me that he likes me.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s far more comfortable using text. Talking in person is diﬃcult for him and
doesn’t know what to say. If you talk to him yourself, lead the conversation, ask
questions he may as time goes by open up a bit more.
He’s just not there yet when it comes to interpersonal skills and his emotions get
in way and feels nervous. Overthinks a lot.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you tell a woman her breath stinks without oﬀending
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Buy a packet of chewing gum
2. Have it in your pocket
3. You see her and say…
“You got to taste this ﬂavour. My sense of taste going crazy or this does
taste like top brand Cadbury Chocolate(0r whatever) Tell me what you
think.”
She will take one…

Mission accomplished like a Boss ;)
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is there anything you did for which you haven’t been able to
forgive yourself?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Even through all these years, I still see her face, her long ﬂowing white hair, dark
black clothes, her tattoos and rings on her ﬁngers.
I remember her even now and feel terrible when I do.
I knew she had a hard time in school, her family were poor, she dressed in a
simple way. Everyone made fun of her, created names, like if you touch her you
catch something.
She’d wear dark clothes, goth style, had tattoo on her arm and white pale legs
with laced type leggens, when wearing short skirt.
When young, people can do the most dumbest things.
They can be friends with fucking idiots.
They can compromise all for attention.
They can spend so much on friends who mistreat them, who take them for
granted and rationalise their own fears of loneliness and abandonment as loyalty
to friendship but then they fuck up their relationship they had with their
boyfriend who gives them time and they then do same to their boyfriend which
their so called friends do to them.
Ironic and so fucked up.

They can lie, they can cheat, they can even punish some friends just because they
didn’t get any attention from these friends. They can bully, they can make
someone’s life as hell.
They see romance as “someone who makes me happy,” rather than mature wise of
“someone who is compatible to me and I am to he/she and we can solve life problems
together and it’s not man against woman or woman against man, and we never let
the world crap into our relationship.”
We think we know everything about anything but know shit called maturity and
think maturity is how much you know and how good you can talk, ad how
intellectual you are.
We can pretend to be someone else and wear some mask to never know who we
are. We can create grandiose stories about life, family and what we are into for
nothing more but to get a response from others to feel special, unique and for
attention.
Many were like this in the school I was in and it reminds me a lot when I see
social media.
I see the same pattern with pouting expressions, or this spiritual deep thought
photo of themselves, with photos and all kinds of stuﬀ that reminds me of the
same acting many did in school to ﬁnd out much of what they said was all made
up.
Yes, we can be fucking idiots when young, cruel…evil, dark, needy, attention
seeking and even hanging around some good looking girls or guys because they
thought doing so makes them feel pretty or good looking too.
We can eve lose sight of opportunities that can better our future.
The opportunities I missed not just with getting to know this girl, but due to lack
of maturity…I had opportunity with theater, but I just didn’t know what to do
with it or that it is SOMETHING.
I missed opportunities with working with inventors because I was great at
sketching and taking ideas from someone to make sketches and physical
prototype but I didn’t know it was SOMETHING.
I missed many opportunities because when you’re that young you don’t see the
bigger picture because you didn’t have parents who did, you didn’t grow up in a
positive environment and I was the only creative artists in family, so well, I
missed a lot that was in front of my eyes.
Much I made up for as time went by but there are somethings I cannot, no matter
what I can do because, well, you just can’t.
It’s not there anymore.
I lived hard, I lived fast, I took risks all the time, I never can see way back then
that I never approached a girl except once but I was young or if there was
something I wanted to create, do, I went and did it without even needing support
from the crowd or anyone else.
But there was one thing that burns me, makes me stay up at night sometimes, or
I’d be sitting somewhere, looking somewhere far and I’d see this one girl and I’d
seen her alone, seen her be treated as an outcast and wished I just said hello, put
eﬀort in and not see only my problems, my world and my survival.
I would know all this, walk into class and I could have sat next to her but didn’t. I
could have walked up to her at the cafetiere but didn’t. I could have sat with her
outside when she was alone, but I didn’t.

I could have said hi to her but didn’t.
I could have done something at least not out of pity but out of comradeship, out
of knowing though she is pale white skin, wearing goth clothes, we are facing
same battles, alone in this new world and surviving whatever is going to come at
us.
I had my own problems, one of is that I was the only Arab in this fucking school,
full of white kids, some richer than most, and well, I was always having to ﬁght
my ground.
By the time I was leaving school, I have changed from someone who wanted to
change the world to someone surviving to ﬁght the world and keep that world out
of my world.
New students came in, same colour, same culture, some other cultures and you’d
think they’d do diﬀerent but no, they’d do worse and so now you’re battling them
as well.
I cannot remember school where there was a week of peace but someone had to
start something to show oﬀ. Including girls, who I’d punch in face, ﬂoored them
to ground and kicked their faces.
I cannot remember studying well, or had an idea of what a damn exam is or test. I
was out of the loop and just surviving to live through school, a battle ground of
social groups ﬁghting each other for preservation.
So they’d start and I’d do same to the guys too and some ﬁghts I lost and some I
won and with consequences of suspension not that I gave a fuck. You had to ﬁght
or you’re going to ﬁnd yourself being seen as a target by everyone.
You can’t go oﬀ thinking…
“OOh she’s a girl, and oooh he’s shorter, I’ll hold back.”
You ﬂoor them or more are coming and you had to do it in front as many people
you can so everyone sees who starts it and everyone sees that punch and what
happens if you do start it.
That way it goes all through school that if you start with so, so, it’s not going to be
easy. They had to think twice before starting with you.
It was the only thing that gave me some peace a few days.
Even when walking the streets from school, racism was in your face even from
adults. Sometimes, someone from other school heard and so they’d want to try
their luck with you as well.
It was a constant battle in school and teachers, didn’t give a shit.
You tell them and they looked at you and telling you to just stay out of way like
it’s your fault.
So my mind was full, angry, ready for a ﬁght, always watching my back and even
in class someone had to always start.
But there is this face, of this one girl, the goth style girl, did no harm to anyone,
was on her alone, no friends whatsoever, and though I felt we were alike in some
way, I didn’t make the eﬀort to ease her pain to say she is not alone, I feel the
same way, life is shit, people are shit, school is shit but we got to live through it
day after day but how about we do so toether.
Instead, I too avoided her.

I remember her face, when she once looked up at me as I walked over but sat on
the other end of the room.
I now think how far ahead she was than me, in not following mainstream, social
groups and to be yourself. Maybe that is why I like Bad Girl images, the goth style
clothes of girls, the rebel girls, the girls who fear not showing their sexuality and
who say what they want with a sweet voice and grin. They remind me, we’re not
alone, there are people same like me, full of lust, ﬁre, creativity, passion and want
to live life to the full.
She was way ahead than many in school and even me at such a young age and I
would have had such deep conversations with her and probably learned a lot
more and maybe not missed opportunities as much due to her maturity. I will
never know.
I regret not saying hello to her and getting to know her than always thinking of
myself, and my head ﬁlled with rage and looking for who is next that’s going to
come.
It’s not the only thing I haven’t forgiven myself for but it’s one that repeatedly
comes to my mind.
9.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you have sex with a horny-looking girl without
spending money?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Learn to cook. I remember when shit hit fan years ago in a small city. No
jobs. So I learned to cook all kinds of food. I got so good I could work if I
want as a chef but not interested in doing that. I would cook her fav
dishes.
2. Then go out, walk about checking places out.
3. Come back have sex,
4. Then eat
I’d also make sex food as part to heighten the experience.
I am an artist and so I made things that surprised her. Once I was sitting in park
with her and made a horse out of paper, an eagle too. I knew she liked animals so
I would do sets of animals. Then some kids in park with parents so it and saw
these paper animals stuck on bend, she’d hand them out to them and that made
her feel good.
About ﬁve weeks ago, I got an email from her.
I haven’t seen her for years, as she got married, but then divorced and she
regretted to marry. I haven’t seen her for 7 years.
Her email said she remembered the food, the animals I created for her using
paper, the painting portraits of her and she never had those from any man she
ever met afterwards and not even her ex husband.
In other words mate…
If you’re hard up for money, don’t worry about it.
Find out what she desires, what’s important to her.
Even if you cannot do all these but make her feel special, treat her right but don’t
be a doormat, have an opinion, give her time, not always sex.

Talk with her, let her talk about her life, ﬁnd out about her desires, goals in life as
you walk through the city, make her smile, take note of the things she shares and
what makes her feel special, what she never got from past relationships and so
on.
I remember all because I have a journal to write about my lovers, so I know what
they want, what they don’t want, what they like, not like, what food they don’t
like, what they allergic too and so on because a woman like yourself is human,
she has other needs and one of them….is…to be loved for her most of all, for who
she is, for her mind, her feelings, her personality, her goals, dreams, her
aspiration and even her ﬂaws.
The ﬂaws part is hard especially if you got expectations. It can be for me but if
these ﬂaws isn’t where someone is manipulating, doing silent treatment etc it can
happen where you embrace some ﬂaws as perfections in a person, it’s their
quirks. Yes,it does depend how they treat you as well. It does depend that that
person also must respect you, not try do things that are all to manipulate.
Some women you’ll care more for than others due to how they treated you, due to
chemistry, do to things most don’t really appreciate and do and understand they
can make a man’s heart love them.
Those who won’t feel much for or you do but you lose the feeling for them
because they are closed up and do not open as much or you ﬁnd communication
with them is not balanced where you are giving more and they do nothing much.
You feel they see it like it’s some game and you get tired of games and want full
openness not awkwardness. You ﬁnd they have now created that awkwardness
and you don’t like the feeling and you move on.
I remember always, the little things matter, and can be huge to the woman you’re
with.
Make sex not a function, but a journey, an experience, to explore all she and you
desires. Make it more than sex. Make it an experience that ﬁres her emotions and
imaginations before physical sex and long after you had sex.
Most of all, just enjoy the moment with each other.
It may not last so enjoy the moment as no one can control the outcome, fate, or
destiny or future. Whatever you want to call it.
Just enjoy the moment and not live in insecurity but passion in that moment
with her or you’ll not see her but your own worries.
Live with a mind of abundance and at the same time learn about yourself, grow,
always move forward and better your life in all areas as best as you can.
You might be thinking money blah blah and all she wants is hot passionate sex,
kinky as hell, be able to speak her desires without being judged, and to just chill,
cuddle, go for a walk, feel special.
You might think restaurant meals when all she wants is time with you and have a
laugh, walk, meet your friends and be part of your world as you are with her.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do a guy feel if a girl approach him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy - She wasn’t smiling
Friend - And?
Guy - I didn’t know what she wanted

Friend - Didn’t she say she LIKES you
Guy - Yeah but that can be like as a friend, like in a platonic way.
Friend - True. It means nothing really. It’s their fav word to say these days
Guy - Exactly, nothing but emotions, like, like, like. Just to say it to feel good
Friend - So what happened next?
Guy - I felt frustrated as I didn’t know if she like me as a friend or romantic,
sexual.
Friend - Didn’t you ask?
Guy - Nah man. It will be seen as desperate! She may be gutless, get scared and
run oﬀ. You know some you approach, show you want and they get all nervous
and run oﬀ because they wanted the chase and I can’t be bothered with the chase.
Friend - So what do you feel now about her?
Guy - I am attracted to her but I doubt she is with me. She didn’t say so, and I’m
not going to bother saying anything to get rejected. It’s frustrating and best if I
stay away because I hate being frustrated and just avoid her
Friend - Why? Just tell her
Guy - And get rejected? Nah, forget it. She’s might be playing some game to show
oﬀ to her friends or want to use me bitch about her ex or crush and I can’t stand
that crap. I’m not having that happen again.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is sex necessary to keep a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Is sex really essential in a relationship?

For some who don’t want sex and get physical, it won’t be important.
But for those who do, it be important to them.
The best thing to do then is always look for compatibility and state that right in
beginning on what you look for. That way there is no ﬁxing and changing. Open
communication from the very beginning will serve you well and also attract
people who desire the same thing.
Be honest on what you’re looking for and be with someone compatible.
I personally won’t be in relationship with a woman if sex is not important to her
and doesn’t ever want sex. We won’t be compatible and this then is connected to
other things which we won’t be compatible with either.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that when a woman cheats on a man, she is
automatically perceived as a hoe?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

See the world the way it is not how you want it to see it. There’s double standards
from men and women. It’s been like that for centuries.
903 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think about the superﬁcial things in life? Should
they be avoided or accepted and enjoyed?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is superﬁcial to you maybe seen as a joy to someone else. It’s a matter of
perspective and appreciating the world for what it is.
For example, some may say women putting makeup on and looking hot is
superﬁcial and even, label her and start judging.

But for some, it makes them feel conﬁdent, comfortable and they enjoy looking
after their body and overall appearances. They pride in themselves doing so
while many don’t bother or see it as important to them.
For some, it is superﬁcial to be part of social status group and building
status which attracts what one wants like men, women and inﬂuences to rise in
rank in hierarchy of certain social group.
Something what we call the Swag Factor…
But for some people it is their passion, it’s a lifestyle, it’s what makes their life
easier and makes their life enjoyable.
It is a science to them, knowledge, skill and those who bitch about it don’t even
know how to create status but to even be at that level, you got to be valuable to a
lot of people not just a few and all coming to get a share of the power for their own
world, which is what status is all about.
They found their happy place. They enjoy it and yes, it can be crazy, judgmental
and fucked up at times but it’s their happy place, a place where they can be
someone else, or let go of somethings and be part of something they enjoy.
For some, having lots of followers on Instagram is superﬁcial, with hot shots
of models, body builders with added gloss photo shoots.
But for some, it is a powerful leverage that has generated thousands every week
and month that you’d have to work few years in a job to get that kind of money.
They are supplying to the demand, they have generating tons of followers
focused on speciﬁc things that world desires, and attracting sponsors from well
known brand and non brand companies.
For some learning to play a musical instrument with a dream of making it
happen in a small or large scale is superﬁcial, waste of time, it’s pipe dream.
For others, music is an outlet to express how they feel, their story, their life, to
connect with others in the way they know best as they break the barriers that is
all around them from within their own community too.
It gives them meaning, it gives them joy, it makes them feel they belong on this
big wide world and it’s a way they can create a small world of their own. They now
have a voice to show how they feel and what they think. A way to express that
comes with lots of feels and even visuals.
For some, art, painting, sketching from realism to abstract, to comics and
hentai is just not worth it.
Some people will think time can be well spent in investing other things like
science, inventions…
For someone else, it is science, it is a thinking, it is discipline, it is a universe that
brings a message.
Dimitri Milan, a 16 year old artist , has been brought up in a world of arts and
she brings the world of nature and wild that isn’t about predators but a window, a
door to a new world where harmony with everything exists…
In which she says in her own words…
“I want the paintings to be like a door to a new world, a heavenly realm where there
are no prey and there are no predators, just beauty, hope, adventure, conﬁdence,
and of course love.”
For others, playing games is a waste of time, where it can be self destructive,
hiding away from the world, ill equipped with social skills, no friends and ﬁnds
themselves too late to adapt to the fast moving world outside their walls..

But for some, they have designed their own games, they have changed lives with
it, they have brought a new fresh challenge to the industry and even to the
movies and music industries.
Many who ﬁgure it out and work hard with a strategy and plan, if they start young
become elite gamers and work in companies testing games, to creating
characters, stories, scenerios and so much more. They are passionate about what
they do, they can meet many gamers around the world, they can come together as
friends with game and some even found girlfriends to boyfriends through gaming
to jobs, and other opportunities.
For some wearing a certain trend and style is seen as obsessive and just
superﬁcial. It’s a waste of energy, time and money…
But for other people, its a thinking, rejecting the mainstream, and I see it as a
frame of mind. Some may see it as fashion but some see it’s about not accepting
the norm on the ﬂy, it’s thinking for yourself, it’s not chasing acceptance and
approval.
More about ﬁnding and going with your own ﬂow.
To some, sex is a weapon, it is a prize, it is the bargaining tool, it is a function
and something one does to “give away” something. It is the tool to play power
games, it comes with fear, insecurities..
To some people sex is more than a function and it’s not something you give away.
It is an experience people want to experience with others, to explore, learn, grow
with the many expectations….games…rituals of dating that has done nothing
more than make what is natural, ﬁlled with shame, guilt and a whole lot of
games.
For some it is a philosophy, a way of life, connected to so much more, from erotic
writing talents, to relationship type models they choose, invention of sex toys
and a lifestyle they are passionate about.
It is a way of life connected to many areas in a person’s life, which gets them to
meet other like minded open conﬁdent people like themselves who want to be
part of each others world, without judgement, labels and having to convince and
hand hold someone who thinks sex is a prize, a trophy and something to barter
with.
They experience, they learn more, they enrich their life with new social network
of friends and so much more than when they were told to feel, which is to feel
ashamed and feel guilty about their body and sex.

It is all a matter of the individuality and balance.
It’s how a person, whatever they enjoy turn it all into something positive in their
life and the life of others.
You have to decide what is superﬁcial to you and what isn’t.
I don’t believe in should or shouldn’t.
I believe in ﬁguring out who you are, what your values are, what life means to
you, what your story is about, live the life you want and..enjoy it the best you can
in this short time we call…life.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you ﬂirt?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Night club. See a guy and two girls. Goes to the guy ﬁrst..
Me - Hey guy see that girl. She has been looking at you for ages mate!
Him - Hahaa yeah
Two women - What are you talking about?
Me - I’m talking to my new friend, my pal, we’re on a mission (looking at the hot
girl we do the slap ass move)
Two women - OMG! You Pervs
Him - They just jealous
Me - Yeah, let’s go and talk to her
Two women - You’re not going to buy us a drink?
Me - Ok look. You buy me and my awesome buddy here a drink (pat on his
shoulder, wink) and then we’ll buy you a drink as we both go and check her out!
Two - Forget her, just come with us
Me - (winking at their guy friend and went to get drinks)
Mission accomplished ;)

Texting
Her- So I hear you’re a player and ﬂirt a lot
Me - You’re quick starter. I’m Impressed. Flirting already.
Her - :P You liked my photo on Facebook
Me - Yeah, just gorgeous, beautiful, one of a kind
Her - :) Thanks haha
Me - I meant your dog you was holding in your photo
Her - Hahaha. Got me.
Her - Your face reminds me of medusa
Her- How?
Me - Just looking at your face makes me rock hard ;)
Her - Hahaha.
11.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mark Kyalo and Ali Ahmed

Do men like women who wear makeup?

 https://www.quora.com/Do-women-at-top-universities-generally-dont-wear-makeup
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some do and some don’t but for me, yes, I do and I also like without makeup. I
think when I see women with makeup and they do a great job of it, I’m impressed.
It’s not easy to do.
For me it’s very easy to do on photos because I got softwares to just manipulate
light, colour etc like this one here where I am testing a new software on trial
version because I want more ﬂexibility…

I also look at overall, you know, the style of clothes, hair, posture, the smile, the
friendliness, personality and if she’s approachable or awkward.
I call it the vibe.
Unfortunately, you’ll see makeup or without and there is no smile, just bitch face
kind of expression.
So if a woman wants to attract to also think about the rest, the behaviour, the vibe
she projects which is very important or I’ll not care if makeup or not. I’ll just get
turned oﬀ by the vibe and not bother saying hi.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Can you write something so deep that it would make me feel
something?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The Empty Nest
Some mature only when they are alone, lonely, siting in their empty nest
They yearn for belonging through separation and sing for no one to hear their
song
Their hearts break a million times over because they ﬂy to the East instead of
West
They create their own outcome with stories in their head to hide what’s really
going on
They say it’s due the complex world and it’s phoney so it’s to help them stay
strong
But it’s really to create their predictable outcome…telling sad stories to stay alone
in their empty nest
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Many guys are asking me to go out. How am I going to be sure
that one of them is serious?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’ll come riding on a white horse, listen to your lies, that you’re ill and he’ll
come to ﬁnd out if you’re ok. He’ll listen to your made up stories of crushes and
ex-boyfriends too but be wary, even white knights get tired of same old bullshit
over and over again.
You do all kinds of tests so you can feel special.
He’ll hear how you can’t make it because the moon has gone green, or the sun has
turned blue, or you lost your keys to your car. Then he’ll gallop through the city.
slaying dragons and witches to warlocks.
You’ll try to impress him by being on a pedestal, devaluing him. Telling him how
it’s too good to be true, and he will take it.
You’ll later hold back and he’ll chase you, and then you’ll hold back more and tell
him that you friend did this, did that, and all guys you feel can play games, and
you’ll say you didn’t trust him before but now you do.
Not knowing that you have sown the seed of destruction of the future to come.
You can pretend you’re so busy to even keep then promise of a phone call when
he took the time in his busy life to be there but you will say..

“But I was so busy,” and he’ll be ok about it even if you didn’t have the decency
and self respect for yourself to call way before or message to say you can’t make it
because of whatever reason.
Then he’ll ﬁnd you staring out of the window like Cinderella, doing those pouting
poses, that I fucking hate. He’ll kneel down and with magic, a guitar will appear
and he’ll sing you a song, that he is your husband, your knight and he will be with
you forever and ever,.
And when you say…
“Oooh my Knight, I cannot have sex for months until I see you slay dragons
everyday. I just need to FEEL SPECIAL. I am so afraid of men, so…so afraid opening
my legs and you fuck me and then run oﬀ. I must use sex as a weapon, because that
is all I can do to see who is serious. Maybe do a test!”
He’ll reply, “Oh my lady, I am a gentleman. Nay, I shall be faithful and loyal to you,
always. What test shall I need to do to IMPRESS YOU so I show I love you for you, for
you, for you not your body.”
You reply, “I want you to slay 22 dragons, 6 warlocks and 5 witches for me and do it
for 3 months and no sex with me until you do so.”
He’ll climb up and say, “so be it my princess. You are special. I shall do it for you.”
Then he’ll do all that and you’ll get bored because he’s a doormat, all pleasing and
you’re like..
“Shit! I need a bad boy for fuck sake! This is getting boring as hell now!”
Or if he’s a Dark Knight, he will get bored of your tantrums, your buts, your ifs,
your back and forth, the last attack of a silent treatment and he will walk away
like you don’t exist.
Then another dark knight comes along and you think you’re in luck because you
wish you didn’t lose the other dark night, but… your insecurities will betray you
so fast you won’t believe.
You will say…
“You’re so good at people skills. I bet you play and use women, girls.”
“You’re insecurities precede you. I accept your false perception of me.”
“OOooh don’t tell me I am beautiful.” To try devalue him again.
“Ok. You’re fucking ugly, now piss oﬀ princesses. I got things to do!”
“But…aren’t you going to chase me?”
“Nah Cinderella. You don’t chase when you’re a Dark Knight. Princesses are like
dime a dozen. So many women insecure as you, so many so hurt like you, so
many with expectations and grandiose of love like you. Too many and not rare.
What are you? A trophy? A damsel in distress? An actor playing the victim? A
woman who wants but scared of having her heart broken? You too will probably
got some sad story to tell me, huh? Predictable. Fuck oﬀ.”
“But won’t you save me and wait for sex?” You ask.
“If I wanted sex Cinderella and that is all I wanted, I can pay for it, without the
game, restaurant meals and listening to your words of judgment. Your tits, ass
and pussy is no diﬀerent than other women who got tits, ass and pussy. Go away
little girl, I have no need for a woman who seeks to play out some sad story to feel
special. Even I need to feel special and if you can’t make me feel special to expect
me to make you feel special, I’m not interested.”
“But don’t you believe in love?” You ask
“What you know about love? You judge a man before you know him. You fear man
before he speaks. When you have your heart broken you spit on love like that and
complain about love. You fear love. You give up on it because someone broke your
heart. You don’t believe in love but rather the idea of it. You don’t embrace it’s

good and bad but you so want it always good and when it’s bad, you quit on love,
you curse love, you say how bad it is and you complain how it hurts and quit and
fear ever loving again. So you dangle sex like it’s a weapon. You start but don’t
ﬁnish. You quit on love long ago. You speak of equality but you hold back
intimacy. What you know about love? You don’t even love yourself to ever tell me
about love. You believe love is enough but when has love ever said it was enough?
Before he walks away he says..
“Didn’t you know? I could say all the words you love to hear and you’ll believe me. I
am so good at this, know you inside out. I know how to make your emotions ﬂy, your
heart ache for more, your body tingle, your pussy dripping wet, electricity surging
through your entire body like ﬁre from lava swimming inside of you that no man
can ever make you feel that feeling again. And if I disappear I will burn in your
mind, spirit and soul for always. You are diﬀerent as all women diﬀerent but all
have a predictable basic pattern.
It’s too easy to do it which is why I don’t.
I am a dark knight. I don’t want easy. I want truth. I want to know a woman loves
me. I do not fear it. I will hurt again and again but I shall never quit on love like you
do because it didn’t work out ﬁrst time, second time, third, fourth, ﬁfth. It is part of
life, to want good the accept the bad in life to grow and learn, to unravel then
mysteries of self. Go away girl. You are no match for me and no equal because you
gave up on love long ago.
I walk on the path of being direct.
If I want sex I shall say it directly. I have no shame on sex because I am not ashamed
of my sexuality and my desires, my fantasies and who I am but you are ashamed of
it all.
If I wanted whatever….I will say so.
You’ll judge me anyway as all women judge as all men judge. I don’t give a damn.
Judge away.
This is me. I make no apologies.
Preventing you and anyone to judge me is a lost and a poor cause.
We are all insecure, we all have our ﬂaws, we all made mistakes, we all have been
hurt, all with our fears, worries and concerns.
In this we are equal.
You fear so much and I feel it, I hear it, I can sense it so easily.
Even now, by just seeing me, you’re mind is already creating stories of what can go
wrong, how your heart might break, how I just want sex, if I am a player, if I am a
bad boy, and how when I get it I will leave and how all men are this and that, and all
the words your friends, mummy, daddy, society and yourself ﬁlled it up with.
Right now, you’re thinking of a mov to make to provoke a response, not to get to
know me. You prod to test not to communicate to me. You hint and play to see a
reaction not so you can feel me from deep within and know me.
And you say “I want man to love me for me,” and you cannot even accept a man for
who he is, for his desires and have the audacity to complain that none see you?
I see you clearly. I can feel the vibe. I read between the lines. In your ﬁrst interaction
I know it so. It is a pattern replayed a thousand times by many women I met.
Experience is my fortune and wealth!
That is the prize of a Dark Knight.

I can smell the stench of it all.
I can get this kind of vibe from anywhere.
It is not unique.
It does not make you special.
I can get this stench from anywhere.
You got problems? So have all people. You got fears? So has everyone else. Yu got
hurt before? So has everyone. You was let down? So have many. You was promised
and many didn’t deliver? So it is for many around you.
You lost hope, so has countries.
I hear you. I understand but you are not special nor unique to me.
Unique and special is someone who sees me for who I am, accepts who I am and does
not desire to ﬁx and change who I am.
They do not switch.
One day they are this and next they are that.
Unique and special is consistency to me. It is honesty. It is wanting to experience
together without holding back and expectations that I am judged for whatever you
did not receive back then.
That is your problem not mine.
Unique and special is when a woman is brave to love again rather than wallow in
self pity and how life, love, men or women failed her.
Unique and special is when a woman does not need to speak about who chases her
and who she crushed on but focuses her attention on who she is speaking to.
I can get this toxic stench anywhere for FREE!
What’s the use being one of the actors in Shakespeare stories to wear a mask and
disguise my desire to you? Rather I speak direct. To act many roles to impress you?
If I lie to you I won’t be a Dark Knight.
I won’t be diﬀerent to so many men you meet and who fear speaking their desires to
you like a coward.
I will be like all men. Hiding what he desires and to do so is to lose one self for what?
For you woman? You?
I have to act like someone else for you?
I have to hide my intention for you?
I have to say I don’t see you attractive of fear of you think of me?
I avoid being direct and just say what I want, because I might lose ypu?
Who are you for me to fear to speak my desires?
I can’t be assed and I have no good memory of remembering lies.
You know why you can trust me on that which I desire because I SAY OUTRIGHT
what I WANT.
No hiding!
You know me for who I am and so you can never say to the world…you…didn’t…
know!

Now…get oﬀ your pedestal and then we’ll talk but for now, I’m not interested in
princess who think sex is a prize and that is all you got to oﬀer. Nor to be part of
your sad predictable princess stories.
If you’re afraid sex is all you got to oﬀer then you use it as a weapon because as sure
as the sun will rise, you know that is all you got and you fear that is all you got.
Yes, go and love these word..
Women use sex to get power. Men use power to get sex. If you like to be part of that
world, go ahead and use sex as weapon.
I get it. I understand.
You want to be loved for you!
Because what is a body without it’s spirit?
I know this more than you.
I am a Dark Knight, raged against the social norms, unaccepted by many and even
from my own. I have cast all the beliefs they believe far away and renounced them
all in full view of all of them.
What can you ever teach me about indiﬀerence?
I break the rules.
I make my own rules.
I spit in the traditional ways and follow my own way and I take on the consequences
without complaints.
So I know what it’s like to not see who I am inside.
Don’t you know, I am a Dark Knight who also wants to feel special but I cannot
promise you future. No one can and nor can you.
Can you promise me, you will never love another? No.
Can you promise me you will not be attracted to someone else, for sure? No.
Can you promise in blood, writing, contract that if you do I take ALL your assets,
ALL your wealth, everything and your income for the rest your life belong to me and
signed by witnesses and lawyers? No.
Will you promise me this and put all that you treasure on the dotted line?
Will you?
No, you won’t.
So why do you expect from me what you cannot give yourself and uphold at
your end?
If you treat it as business, so let’s deal as business.
If you think sex is some bounty, a prize, then let’s deal business.
If you do not trust me then let’s do business.
Bear your desire to all as I do, and then say your promise as it is recorded and if you
fail I shall show the world for what you are.
Will you? No, you won’t.
If you want to judge me due to your own fears and insecurities then I’ll judge you
too, and we deal like it is business.

It is the reason why I say what I want, directly, no games, clearly, verbally, written
and recorded because I know the ﬁrst thing in your mind is fear.
The ﬁrst words or later, you shall show how you judge me and yet, you of all people
who talk about being sexiest is the one behaving sexist because you will generalise
all men are like this.
So what’s the point in hiding what I want?
I say it out loud and clear.
No use acting aloof to make you feel special and dance to your tune because you’ll
always be judging anyway.
It does not give room for you to play games. No give you excuses to create another
sad story.
Yes or No is all I seek not the chase for a princess who thinks she is a trophy or
grandiose promises you cannot even keep.”
And oﬀ he went and ensuring he avoids princesses and speaking what he desires,
without hiding, knowing full well, the world is full of diﬀerent people and he
shall ﬁnd women who desire what he does, without games.

Or you can just date guys and see each other as equal, and put the time in,
respecting his time as he respect yours.
6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a good sign when a guy says after a ﬁrst date, "I will keep in
touch and we will try that restaurant you like next time"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t read into things because most people are nervous, they believe in “oh if I
do this it will look needy,” and all kinds of stuﬀ.
I mean, even you didn’t just say…
“How about we set a date now to meet again.”
Because you are doing what most do. Trying to look for hints, being passive and I
understand why but I don’t live in such worlds. I attract lovers.
By time I have met the woman, we have concluded there is chemistry, there is
attraction, it’s on ﬁre. I do things diﬀerently so to remove situations like this and
also the goal isn’t restaurant meals but to put ﬁre on attraction to make it blaze
high and…we agreed to do so.
But If you’re following the traditional norm awkward route, if it’s all about
gaming each other, hiding your intent, insecurities, then it be diﬃcult. Slow.
Awkward at best because it’s all about who says what ﬁrst, if he is a player, if he
likes you or your body and he’s worried if he you see him that way, and well, you
see how that game kind of goes.
It makes everything hard because no one is being honest, authentic and you both
have let the world inside that world where it can all be just between and for both
of you. However, even in that special moment people let the world in and it’s sad,
it’s painfully slow, it’s ambiguous and both want the answer but both are
unwilling to let the world go.
Both are not getting out of the way for whatever you want to happen.

That’s why, no matter what the world says to me or about me, I ensure before we
meet on that night or day, we get it rocking, we ensure we are not letting the
world in and just be upfront what we want and be honest about the attraction is
there.
Imagine if it was long distance.
Would you pay all that money to ﬂy over when you don’t know where you stand
and where he stand? Would you do so when you don’t know if attraction is there
or not? Would you ﬂy over if you didn’t text, talk on phone and communicate
your intentions and he does same? Wouldn’t you iron on what so many don’t so
you don’t waste time and most of all, you don’t want to meet up all platonic and
making it all awkward.
it would have been best for both of you to communicate in that way before you
met, doesn’t take long if you’re local and when you meet, you know what you
want, he knows what he wants, no games.
When you meet, it’s fun, it’s upbeat, it’s rocking and you can also schedule
another date before you both walked away.
Or you may ﬁnd it doesn’t happen.
Let me share a secret the world doesn’t want you to know.
Chemistry is a process. Vibe is big in attraction. If you do not know how to create
it in conversation you’re both going to have a hard time with dating in the present
and in future.
Let go of the world and start showing vulnerability.
You only got a few seconds for ﬁrst impressions and the ﬁrst date matters a lot. If
you hold back or he does, don’t think you got a second date. First impressions
count and I don’t just mean how you dress.
That’s when you show even more why he should be meeting you, not whether you
want to or not. It needs to be clear by him feeling alive, rocking and he sees you
diﬀerent to all the women he has dated, has made it awkward and made him over
think.
Right now it’s, well, awkward, vague and passive.
He is now over thinking and you are too.
Trust is in action, right there and then.
It doesn’t just need one person but it both to help each other to make it easier not
stressful, awkward and passive.
That meeting needed both of you to pour gasoline on then ﬁre and burning it up
to ﬁll the sky with hot rocking desire and a, “fuck yes, we got to meet again!
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rachel Salzman

This guy I just met asked my friend about me and asked for my
Snapchat. We talked for a while. Will anything become of it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if..
a) You take action and communicate to him what you want to happen
b) Or He communications to you what he wants to happen
Or it will all ﬁzzle away.
885 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Malia Cole

What can I say to somebody who blames their inability to do
something on the lack of talent?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You cannot teach a man or woman what they already know. You can help the
person to be self aware of what they already know and see it in a diﬀerent
perspective…
Like this..
1. Do you believe, everyone has the ability to learn this skill?
(let the person talk. They’ll try to deviate. Bring them back to this
question)
2. Do you also believe that with applying oneself, your mind will get used to
it and you start to get better at it?
3. Do you also believe that if you get someone who is really good at this skill
to show you how, you learn faster?
4. Do you also agree some people are born being able to adapt so fast in
become good at this skill, have the genetics and some are born to work at
it until they are talented?
5. So really, the talent is not the skill itself. The talent is the positive
attitude, the love of doing it, and being consistent to become good at it
until it…becomes…a…talent. Do you agree?
Ask questions and get that person to talk, in a calm fun way.
But remember, you cannot force people to believe anything.
Galileo words..
“You cannot teach a man anything. You can only help him discover it from
within..”
I believe this means when the person is really ready to learn, respects you and
your knowledge, is coach-able, they will see, they are their own teacher. That they
themselves were the obstacle and just didn’t get themselves out of the way so
they can succeed.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

She's 21, was married and just separated (not divorced) when I
started dating her. What are the downsides?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

21 married, seperated…not..divorced.
To marry at such a young age tells me that she falls for someone too fast, sees life
like a fairytale, seeking princess story. Maybe the marriage and seeing life is not
like that has given her maturity.
Maybe her marriage was a cultural thing, arrange marriage. Some can be forced
into marriage. Story is not clear.
Also she is separated and so, things can start up with her husband. Separated or
not, they are still married. Again, the story here is not clear. Maybe he or she is
not making it easy for divource papers signed or there’s some disagreement about
something that prolongs it.
It’s like someone who just broke up with an ex and still in touch with ex for safety
net.

Now I am not monogamous but I will say this…
If I was, that would be something to watch out for - 21…married, separated…
not..divorced.
977 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carlos Palma

Doesn't it bother you that people are drowning, starving, and
burning alive every second of our lives?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 12, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be the change if you care so much about what you see.
1. Be successful in your life - health/money/wealth wise/social connections
2. Start helping your family ﬁrst
3. Then do neigbourhood
4. Then go national
5. Now go International
Pick a cause you believe in. Go and do something about it. Over thinking and
talking about it does nothing.
Be the change you want to see.
972 Views · View Upvoters

What should I think about my friend who did not respond to
me after I told him he is special to me, and he is blind to see
that? I wanted to take him out of the friend zone.
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you wanted to ask a man out you’ve known for a while then get oﬀ your
pedestal, avoid criticizing the man and say clearly..
“Since I got to know you I ﬁnd you’re attractive and I feel there’s something special
between us I want to grow…
Follow through in mentioning his traits/personality you like about him.
You got the attractive part out so its not friend platonic talk. It gives
context of attraction which many don’t do. Context is crucial when you
want the man to shift his mind to see you diﬀerent than a friend, a bro or
“like my sister.” Context!
Mention an experience with him that’s positive. Tell a brief story, brieﬂy
and make him laugh, smile, and say how it was very attractive for you,
made you feel blah blah.
Show aﬀection, using physical touch. A touch on his arm, or ﬁngers and
look him in eyes warmly as you continue…
“I was wondering if we can go out together not as friends but much more than that.
How about this week, Tuesday, or Thursday, 7pm for a drink together? I really like
to get to know you more on a diﬀerent level than just friends.”
The end part is named as ‘called to action.’
If there is no call to action, nothing is going to happen. If you don’t give it context
in attraction terms, you also create confusion and if you don’t ﬂirt, be fun, upbeat
it creates…awkwardness.
Avoid negativity and ambiguity.

Just make it positive and clear.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Renai Blum

My boyfriend said that he would date my friend if he didn't
have me. I somehow feel very hurt and oﬀended by this. Am I
overreacting? How do I not feel oﬀended?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 11, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Now tell everyone the full story.
Yes, the one where you were getting jealous about your friend’s hot looks and one
day you said to your boyfriend…
“Would you, if you didn’t know me, date my friend?”
He said, “yes, he would.”
This is why you never play the conversation game.
You can feel oﬀended or not.
He probably young, inexperienced with the bullshit conversation games most
women not all, most play.
Like this one..
“Do you think I look fat in this dress?”
“Yes.”
Then she goes on Quora..
“My boyfriend said I look fat. I am deeply hurt. How can I not be oﬀended?”
Now if he said..
“No you don’t,” then you’ll probably read..
“I asked my boyfriend if I look fat in a dress and he said no. That shows doesn’t it, he
doesn’t care about me because he didn’t say…I am beautiful. Right?”
Conversation games.
They always turn a good relationship into a fucked up one.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

If you could grow up to be famous, what would you want to be
famous for?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be part of at gang to go on a danger, risk, life death threatening adventure, into
space. The ﬁnal frontier…where no man and woman has gone before…

I’ll even trade all my guitars for an Astronaut training.
I rather be doing something no one on planet earth has done before. Sure, some
walked on the moon but this is diﬀerent.
It is a the search far beyond the moon and I want to try out if they have it sorted
and ready….the button to go where no on has gone on…warp speed…

Star Trek anyone ;)
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

When a man walks away from a woman because she doesn't
sleep with him after seeing her once a week for 2 yrs, taking her
out and paying for mainly everything. Do you think he really
cared for her, or do you think he was just out for himself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you are saying..
A woman is not out for herself when she’s dating.
Bullshit.
A woman is always out for herself…ALWAYS.
Same with a man.
Both equal in that.

Sadly, dating has become this stupid dumb fuck power game. It’s why I don’t do
it. I date women who are lovers not just women who want to date and play power
games.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I am a girl and I hate shaving my legs. Some people tell me that
unshaven legs look bad and most people will judge me for it,
while others tell me to embrace my natural body. What do you
think I should do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, true.
Some people will judge you for it. Some won’t.
Either way, damned if you do, damned if you don’t in really anything in life. It’s
like that with everything.
Our mind is categorizing, ﬁltering, some information decays and some goes
further to long-term memory as it’s been labelled.
So what happens is, what we see as an example is distorted by our own
information we got in our head, like culture, belief system, our upbringing, who
we associated with and what we have learned and experienced.
It can be inﬂuenced by information, images and so on.
It gets distorted and that’ when the judging comes in as well because by nature,
human beings are looking to belong, are identifying due to wanting comfort,
wanting to belong, and with it comes other issues about how it looks to them to
their social peers.
There are times though, we grow, we experience many a things and our own
perception changes, not just out in world but also ourselves too and so some will
not be assed about it and some, well, some will still due to preferences, due to
how they feel, due to many things.
So you're going to get judged no matter what. It’s not even about hairy legs. It’s
not about unshaven legs or shaved legs.
It’s that no matter where you go, whatever you do, whoever you are, what you
study, sing, write, dress, work as, who you associate with, what your views are;
someone is going to judge you, someone is going to state their opinion and it be at
the time where they are in life and that opinion might change 5 years later, 10
years later to having that same person wonder..
“Yes, I believed that is so back then but not anymore.”
And some will stay as they are. I’m sure you met people who believe something
way back and still do even now.
Now here’s the thing though…
Where does this leave you?
Let’s say you take someone’s opinion or large group or small group opinion, but
down the line, maybe months or years, they probably changed themselves to
thinking something else.
So the question is….what is your core values, what is your belief system,
what do you want out of life, where are you right now in your life?
Maybe you are at a point in your life where you embrace your values, you see
them now very important, you see world changing, people changing and you too

will probably change but right now, this moment…where are you which says..
“This is me. This is who I am. I make no apologies for it but I respect others as well. I
don’t shave but I’m bit going to slag down others who do and start saying I am not
like THESE GIRLS/WOMEN/MEN”
I think, it’s best to look at your values, what you want out of life and decide
because people change, world changes, and really while many judge, many won’t.
While many don’t like, many will.
You can be consistent in always just being where you feel comfortable and what
you want - knowing, we do live in a judgemental world but you’ll ﬁnd/attract
others such as friends to lovers, partners who are not.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is every guy I matched with on Tinder only looking for a
hookup? Is there any guy who just want to talk and build new
connections?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with these guys. They are up front, saying what they want. It’s
Tinder. Not “let’s just talk and make connection.”
Be good at where you put your time toward whatever you want to achieve.
You want to talk and building connections?
Then go and ﬁnd some forum or join some activity oﬄine and meet some people
into same interest as yours but don’t go oﬀ judging guys on Tinder like they take
your isnecurities about sex or your views, and make them feel guilty as if they are
dong something wrong.
It’s…TINDER. It’s known for that. It’s built mostly for that. That’s why most of
guys like it. It gets rid of most of girls like yourself who will probably dangle sex
like some carrot all week and month long.
On Tinder we can say whatever want and to push women like that out of the way.
I hope Tinder screens many people like that so they can just go and ﬁnd
somewhere else instead of trying to ﬁx and change, judge and try paint guys bad
on there.
It’s you who is choosing the wrong app/platform and place to be not something
up with these guys.
It’s SWIPING from photos you see and no talk about it!
SWIPING left or right.
You get the idea now?
It seems a lot of women don’t.
It’s not hard to understand this concept.
So move on, ﬁnd somewhere else where people want to just make a connection
and talk.
The world does not evolve around you or women who just want to talk but you
can ﬁnd a world that is about that and go there, were most people, a lot of them
are all about that.
Find your world. Instead of trying to ﬁx and change someone else’s world.
Something people need to learn the hard way it seems.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why does he call me "bro" even though we ﬂirt a lot?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To make sure you don’t have any ideas that he is sexually and romantically
attracted to you. You’re but a friend, one of the guys, a bro, a sister, and if you’re a
girl you’re mistake was acting like one by spending way too much time hanging
out like….a…platonic friend.
It’s what’s called “letting you know were we stand. The boundaries. You’re not
someone I’d date or be sexually and romantically involved.”
That’s the ﬂip side and ugly side to ﬂirting too much, without escalating to the
next level. Too late. You’re now one..of…the..bros.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people delete or even block an ex? How can they just cut
someone oﬀ their life if it truly mattered like they used to say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is easier to not block and swim in pain.
Predictable. People create the predictable outcome of pain. Pain is predictable.
Hoping is predictable for human beings. It’s easy to do. It’s easy to swim in pain,
to tell a story of sadness and same story over and over again but maybe about
being with someone else.
Falling is predictable and putting one self in a stuck situation to keep believing
they are a victim is easy too.
So it’s easier to swim, to touch the scars, to feel the itch of pain as you pour salt
into the wound by keeping that bridge open with someone you loved but
someone you know very well has a lot of growing up to do to come close to where
you are in mind, attitude, spirit and maturity of being wide open in showing
vulnerability rather the same excuse of wanting to stay awkward, closed in which
again is the same old story of fear to show their true self to their lover.
Of you ﬁnd through time, there is no compatibility and what they saw was an idea
and they now wanted to ﬁx and change you. You realise, though you love the
person deeply, they have unleashed the beast inside of you. They have brought
out the darkest side of you, which you never show only in war, only when
someone hurts you, only when you don’t get what you want and when they said
they want the same thing but act diﬀerent and inconsistent.
When that beast is uleashed, be warned, the person is hurting, angry, pissed with
you and now you remind them only of pain and not love, not compassion, not
someone who is attractive, not someone who can give what they so wanted and
was held back.
Some will burn that bridge even if they have to be the dark one, the bad one, the
ones who doesn’t give a shit because sometimes it needs that part to move on and
shut that door tightly shut.
Lots of people though hold on and do it for hope, for maybe one day to get back
together. Living that same old worn out story.
To cut someone out you love from your life is very diﬃcult. It takes me a lot
of thought, time, wondering what could have been and knowing it now
cannot and realise it’s time for the beast side of me to come out. It is there
for that very reason. For preservation.

But it is not easy to do. It hurts when you block someone you love, cut them oﬀ
everything. You enjoyed those moments and though you’d like more of them, it
cannot be so anymore.
It took time, in one’s mind to see all that is and was, and realisation that all there
will be is nothing but pain.
It is far more painful to keep in touch so you remove them from your life.
They may want to talk, want to apologise, want to closure but you don’t give
a fuck about closure.
The beast is out. That is why that dark side is there for.
Strength when needed and some tap into it and I do when needing it. It has no
mercy, it seeks no compassion, it doesn’t give a fuck anymore now but to cut
them out of your social and all areas of your life.
You severe all connection, no chances of words from them, no more messages, no
more photos, no more words, no more excuses, no more apologies, no more
chances, no…more…hope. No more even thinking of hope if they ﬁnd a way to
contact you. No replies.
You need to be very strong to cut someone out of your life.
You are the stronger one not they because they will probably do what they do
again and again, and stay in this drifting mode, like a coward or needy person
who just loves the attention but you want more, you know you cannot get more,
you know it is the end and you got the balls and backbone to make tough
decisions.
It’s not easy to do so especially when you loved that person, you wanted a life
with the, you saw things you can do in the future but sometimes, you ﬁnd as time
goes by they are not where you are in mindset,in attitude, in experience, in
maturity, sexual intelligence and their sexual conﬁdence is also fake or just
pretense.
You see many things you don’t want in your life and to stay in touch is also to
emotionally invest in someone who you feel hasn’t the maturity and all needed to
be where you are.
Sure they now want to talk.
Now they got a lot to say and when they couldn’t string two sentences when it
was needed, they now can email you, write to you a fucking essay which shows
they had it in them but it is they who didn’t trust, betrayed themselves and you
and so now you see who they really are, which is another proof to not even bother
with them because of…lack of consistency in their part.
Consistency is when you do not feel that pumped up exciting and yet you can
show aﬀection in the same powerful way as you did because what you felt for
them is real but you ﬁnd it is not so with them. They are not consistent and you’re
in pain but you will be in more pain if you keep giving, if you keep that bridge
open rather than burning it down to the ground.
The only solution to avoid more pain is come to term with yourself that they
cannot give you what you want and best they go back to their world and stay
there as you move forward.
You cut them out so you can move forward in life, you’re reducing the frequency
and eliminate as much pain as possible as being in touch with hem is too painful.
It takes courage, guts, strength and a whole lot of vulnerability in being self aware
of the change of dynamics, and honesty with one self. You are not living in some
fairy tale.

This is real life.
It is painful staying in touch.
I know when I cut someone oﬀ, block them from everything. it took a lot of work
in my mind. I thought a lot about it. It’s painful to do so but it’s far more painful
to not do so as well.
One takes the least resistance for preservation and to move forward in life. You
sometimes need to put yourself ﬁrst, your heart ﬁrst, your peace of mind ﬁrst
because you know the other person won’t, is not strong enough but you are, and
so you cut them out of your life, whether they were in it for days, weeks, months
or years.
There are times when you need to be selﬁsh and put you ﬁrst.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Why do men, when they hit 40, lose interest in sex and get fat?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whatever. I’m in my 40s, have high sexual drive, not lost interest in sex and I am
ﬁt, hitting gym 4–5 times a week. I don’t get tired easily and packed with energy.
It’s more of were you are in life, neighborhood, resources, and that’s all you see
because you have not expanded your world. You’re in some tiny corner and
limited to see more due to where you are in life, your perception and your
experiences.
Spread your wings more.
In fact hit the gym yourself and you’ll see many 40s guy far ﬁtter and better in
shape than 20’s type of guys.
It’s like walking into McDonald and asking..
“I don’t see healthy cuisines in the menu. This is all that EVERYONE eats.”
Not so.
You need to stop going to McDonald's and go where people eat healthy cuisines,
which means you need to change your lifestyle and spread your wings than
staying in the easy mediocre path of life.
Or that is all you see.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when I broke up with my girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Didn’t you have a life, goals, dreams, interests, hobbies, things you want to do in
your life before you ever met her?
Or did you do same mistake as most people to think life evolves a girlfriend and
she is center of your life so you forsake everything?
You get busy building your lifestyle.
I have this I wrote on one of my notes pads….
You maybe a teen or older. Well, life is around the corner
Bills to pay, taxes too, so you decide how it be in the future
You want it harder or do you want the future easier

Better you avoid making any girl a center of your like
Or nothing on earth nor even a woman will make you feel alive
With stress of bills and tiresome, you’d not even be able to get it up to fuck
Not even pleasure to see her scream of pleasure and body buck
And her promises of everlasting love is gone because life with you…sucks
She’ll moan and not due to sexual pleasure but complain you’re going nowhere
But she is like most, a fool to think she is entitled for man to take her somewhere
Did she not have same to opportunities to study and get a life to spread her wings to
go anywhere
She but speaking of princess dreams of fairy tale story that she left somewhere out
there
When infatuation is gone she’ll blame you for not having a big life
All her promises of what she will give you is not a burden like ﬁlled up disk drive
You’ll see love is not enough and you’re suppose to make her feel alive
But that is only because you attracted such a woman who just wants to survive
Because you didn’t see life like you supposed to have another external drive
All due to not seeing your life and potential so wide and lived to just survive
So like attracts like and suited due to the phase of your life
But if you want more than such women than learn to live than survive
Focus more on building your lifestyle, your income, your body and win for you
Leave all these dating fallacies and myths that never help you to pull through
Yes, when you get your own life in order no woman shall be the center
Nor when she disappears or fades shall your world be torn to asunder
The earth shall not swallow you and nor shall you be lonely forever
Plenty, so plenty of women and you shall say what your terms are or they disappear
forever
You want life to be easier in the future or harder
Then ensure you sow seeds today for your future
You haven’t time to waste being idle about lost love
Because you’ll learn it doesn’t pay your bills and love is never enough
Love..love..love…I say to you, it shall never be enough
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can I say no to a girl wanting to date me without feeling
like a complete jerk?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can say..
“I’m ﬂattered but I’m not interested.”
Smile.
That’s it.
You cannot control someone’s thoughts. You cab’t even when you approach
women and they’ll be thinking all kinds of negative shit, like….
“Does he want me for sex or for me.”
“How do I know he is a player or want me for me.”
“How do I know blah blah.”
Don’t believe me?
Look on quora and you’ll see many and similar questions like these...

“How do I know this guy is a player and not someone seriously into me blah blah
fucking blah?”
People, most of time have lots of negativity in their head.
Mostly due to their own insecurities, due to past experiences and all kinds of
stories in their head which I call psychological script. The term is not invented by
me. It’s very common in the psychology world what that is.
So forget about if it makes you look this and that.
I ﬁnd when people think that they either want something else like friend and fear
of losing someone as a friend or they are type of people who always worry what
other people think of them.
It’s not a good place to be in if you want to move forward in life.
It’s not your responsibility to control anyone’s thoughts. They’ll think whatever
but what you can do is the following..
1. Politely say no.
2. Avoid misleading giving hope “blah blah let’s be friends.”
3. Make it fast. Don’t leave the person hanging on. Let them know ‘no’ fast
as possible. Immediate if they ask and not wait.
And let go of pleasing people for approval or how it looks.
Just do it and do it fast.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy just tease you and not those girls who are
always ﬂirting with him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re overthinking.
Get over yourself and just ask him out if you’re attracted to him. Too busy over
thinking why someone does something. You fear rejection, we get it but if you
want to know more, ﬂirt with the guy, ask him out and then you see if he’s doing it
just to be fun or does want to date you.
10 Views · View Upvoters

Why are narcissists entitled?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Control.
Their real self has very low self esteem and they see people have more control in
their lives, happy, achieving, and so they feel low in self esteem, insigniﬁcant.
Even if they were in power positions, they want more control and by that I mean
they make someone else feel less controlled, a victim, at loss, confused.
Their mask self is about controlling these people, destroying them because they
feel they should have what these low level human beings have. They really don’t
give a fuck,
Narcissist believes that these people will do harm to them anyway, if they were in
a situation, they’d also control others and be evil as well, do all kinds of shit, and
so since they believe that, this becomes their excuse to go and do it to other
people.

“They’d do it to me anyway so I am going to do it ﬁrst before they do with me.”
It’s acting the victim bullshit.
They talk about love but really they more in love of the control part, conquering
part and chasing that shiny object until they ﬁnd another shiny object. I ﬁnd
them weak, pathetic and even when they are all nice, nice, being that bullshit
mask of theirs - they have nothing to oﬀer.
Sounds harsh, but that’s how I see them -they bring no value to one’s life but
misery, victim mentality bullshit that will exhaust you and only a way to bring
your guard down to control you.
I see them as an amusement, entertainment because I can detect them easily.
There’s a pattern for these kind of people. You can if you are very string
emotionally and don’t need much validation, not into all t8his romance love
bullshit seeking type of journies, you’re instinct will be very sharp and you’ll
notice them.
I do give anyone a chance but they are so fucking predictable because while most
say they are this and that, smart; they act dumb as fuck and really not that clever.
It’s just we live in a planet with lots of people trying to feeling belonging and most
people are needy for that feeling.
So these type of people known as Narcissists will have tons of people to keep
going for the rest of their life but be miserable and decay slowly and surely into
their own void.
It’s their real self thinking they are shit, crap, nothingness, insigniﬁcant fucks.
They don’t like to feel the victim, so they must go on a rampage and make
someone else feel a victim, feel pain, feel out of control, feel they are losing their
mind, feel they are inferior for the Narcs to feel superior.
It’s all about…control.
They got to have control and seeing them making someone else feel shit, a victim
so they don’t feel it as much.
See it this way,.
“If I can’t have it, nor can you. If I am not happy, nor can you. If you got that toy and
I haven’t, I’ll try and destroy it so you don’t have it.”
Like a little kid ﬁghting over a toy who breaks that toy into pieces and grins, and
the other child cries, becomes the victim, their toy is broken.
Now they feed oﬀ it and feel superior.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why are my friends prettier than me?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. You chose these “pretty” people to be your friends.
2. You see them as pretty yourself because that’s what pretty means to you
in perceived value/perception.
3. You gravitated towards them due to low self worth, low self esteem and
saw them as pretty not really for anything else but to feel pretty yourself.
It’s called chasing status.

4. Or you feel like they do - you want to belong and so you want to belong to
their social group. Who doesn’t want to belong, feel special and be part of
something or people that makes them feel they belong.
5. Because their parents were good looking, or one of them had certain
genes and there we have it - they look prettier in aesthetic looks.
6. Because for some they plaster a lot of makeup from fake eyelashes, hair
extensions to buﬀ their hair, penciling their eyebrows, contouring their
face and their breast for push up cleavage and a lot of shit they do before
they walk out of the house.
So how about seeing them not as just pretty but get to know them more, ﬁnd out
more about them and you’ll ﬁnd, there is a lot more about these pretty friends if
yours. Things you never knew and what will happen is a time will come where
you ﬁnd true friendship in them, where you laugh together, cry together, ﬁnd
they too feel insecure about things and really, you might be surprised to ﬁnd…
they see something in you that’s pretty too, if you be authentic, real.
You’d be surprised, many pretty, jot good looking girls and guys get a lot of stick.
Yes, they get life easier for them in many ways but in some ways, they can be
lonely souls, when curtain is down, they feel alone, they feel the world is against
them, they may feel they wish someone just knew them for their passion in life,
for their hobbies, for their quirkiness they hide, for their love for writing or
reading, or something they don’t have a chance to share because no one asks
them.
How about you be the one who asks and spend time to get to know each one.
You’ll be amazed at the friendship you can build when envy, jealousy is out if the
way and you see far more in yourself and in the other person too.
Even pretty, good looking, sexy people, get hurt and feel lonely too. They too
want to belong and well, you wanted to belong as well, which is why you got
pretty friends but ﬁnd out more about yourself and about the friends you[re with.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of girls/women who ﬁnd a boy/man
disgusting and reject him purely based on his physical
appearance and not other characteristics which are actually
relevant and determine his worth? Is such a perspective
something to respect?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I believe every woman and man has the right to choose whoever due to their
preference. So if they want to date hot good looking man/woman, it’s their
choice. If they want to date rich, it’s their choice. If they want someone with blue
eyes and blonde hair it’s their choice. If they want someone who has status, it’s
their choice.
Because anyone say they are shallow, is really shallow themselves. They too have
their own preference. Since we all have our own, why would we see it wrong for
one person to choose X instead of Y.
The only thing is when someone rejects they can do so politely. If they don’t then
it’s not that they are shallow or this or that. They are just bad fucking mannered
and ugly inside anyway in their behaviour.
Let me put it this way..
If a woman says she has values, character, virtue, nice, and thinks she is entitled
to date anyone, is someone who is immature and has no fucking clue about the
world. I cannot stand victim mentality and entitlement.

If a man thinks and behaves the same, he too is an immature fuck who has no
clue of the world acting victim and so entitled.
Respect people’s preference and choices.
People can choose whoever they want. It is their preference. It’s their choice. Man
or woman, nothing wrong for them to decide no to poor and yes to dating rich, or
no to average looking and yes to ho looking, and vice versa.
People want to belong, they want to be part of what they value, what they identify
as their social group, they want to feel good inside, what makes them…happy…
and so they see a person of certain preference and feel that belonging. They see a
person and they feel that feeling.
How can anyone say this is bad or wrong. Only people who didn’t get what they
want say this. They are the ones bitching about it, complaining about it and bitter
about it.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are the best ways to get rid of boredom?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you overcome boredom?

I would avoid analyzing and ﬁrst create. Don’t be afraid to make mistakes. Just
create things in your life, whether it is actions to go out or create things like
writing, art or sports.
We all make mistakes.
Just some are very good at hiding them.
When someone asked to participate, go and participate instead over thinking. If
you got ideas, dreams, avoiding analyzing and create. Just go for it.
Explore interests that are new, gets you out of the comfort zone and you probably
learn something and it may lead to new friends.
Avoiding talking yourself into boredom by over thinking what can go wrong,
what can’t go right and what others might thinking.
Change your environment to something new, refreshing that gives you a spark of
wanting to do things. Have a change of scenery - go out more and join workshops.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think it's better to start oﬀ as friends in a romantic
relationship or as casual aquaintances?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I believe in being direct, so honesty. Most of all, I do not, ever, be with a woman
with this idea of being friends ﬁrst if I am attracted to her.
Not going there, I don’t care if works for some peple. Fuck that mind game
bullshit. If I am attracted, there is chemistry, I lay the cards on table. I ﬂirt, I have
fun, I make it clear of my intent.
Chemistry, that ﬁre, the desire will dictate if she be friend and she now stays as
one or I approach for romantic and sexual.
I don’t fuck about with attraction.
Most do and ﬁnd themselves in deep shit. They emotionally invest too much time
and emotions as friends when really they want to date the woman, or the guy.

5.8k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if a girl loves me, but says 'our togetherness is
impossible' because her parents won't support her decision?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You’re Indian or Muslim. Just an assumption ;)
2. You believe “love will conquer all,” it won’t.
3. You believe love at ﬁrst sight. It’s not.
4. This is probably your ﬁrst or second/third relationship.
5. So you emotionally invested in someone knowing both of your worlds
are governed by cultural/religious/cast system
6. She is preparing you psychology for when it ends and also herself. She
probably already moved on in her mind. Who knows. Someone else is in
horizon. Maybe a future…husband.
7. You either end it right now if you want whatever she said can’t happen.
8. Because no way in hell you are both going to get married, have babies
blah blah story that’s in your mind. Or be seen together, living together.
It is not going to happen.
9. Or you understand the situation, you lower your expectations to
anything happening for both of you and avoid hollywood/bollywood
drama scenes.
Life has revealed the big question and the answer.
Don’t ﬁx and change her.
Either move on to date other people or keep dating until it ends, and it will. She
has already said so.
It all depends on your expectations.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I’m a girl and I have that so-called “resting bitch face”. I always
look either sad or arrogant. I also see my crush everyday. What
impression do you think he has of me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will be seen as you’re…
1. Unapproachable
2. You want to be left alone
3. Unsociable
It’s not as simple as that.
You see, as human being we have a need of identiﬁcation.
It a question of the ancient that those before us have also asked..
“Who am I?” and “Where do I belong?”
These two questions at the heart of identity and the answer to it can also come
from shame and what they see can also trigger shame; and shame is linked to the
minority of status and it is counterattacked by shame i.e. contempt. judging
because it triggers someone’s own hidden memories and emotions.

And if w elook at shame, boys are judged, are shamed because they show
emotions of anger, of taking risks, ﬂirting, sexualisation, of approaching while
the social conditioning/norms teaches good men don’t approach, good men do
not raise voice at a woman, good me do not hit back at a woman who slapped
them, good men don’t sexualise in beginning of initial interaction - shame…
shame..shame.
Those who say that do so because they are internalising their own personal
system stetting and identifying their own group.
It is their shame not yours.
It is their lack of trust not yours. It is their ideals about men and wpmoen, about
sex about t a whole lot of issues…not…yours.
For example..you hear…
Good girls and girls who are shy are nice, innocent, princess like, good girls who
stay at time and listen to mummy and daddy are - good girls and grow up to be
good women. That is nothing but weaved with shame. It’s not truth and nor is it
fact.
This also goes to patterns of face expressions and so all we learn about good and
bad, which is visually seen ﬁrst in someone’s face, how they dress, how they
behave.
Manipulators also know this to behave as such to hide their own shame too in
regards to be identiﬁed with certain group and not another i.e. status
identiﬁcation.
From the day we are born we saw faces and immediately our brain works to
identify certain things like friendly or unfriendly, happy, sad, anger, judging,
upset etc.
So we have this need to identify points of expression and these expression trigger
inner and interpersonal settings that tell us to stay away or approach, to be part of
or to avoid associating with this person.
These come from rooted experiences, memories, which we have experienced
ﬁrstly from our parents, the people around us, our peers, then its racial groups.
Then it be to our gender and then opposite gender, to social groups, religious
groups, to groups of certain beliefs.
But the sense of belonging only grows when we have positive identiﬁcation
of others.
The opposite is a visual identiﬁcation that creates stress, such as frowning, anger,
snobbery look, a bitch face and so the person sees that visually, internalizes, feels
emotions and doesn’t want to be part of that group which doesn’t give us a sense
of belonging.
It is also connected to shame for example - parents showing a face of anger, or
similar to a bitch face of silent treatment to punish and judge, hurt, or the child
hears negative about their looks, behaviour, which creates shame.
It is not just seeing a frowning face, a bitch face but that it can trigger internal
negative emotions in person to stay away.
2k Views · View Upvoters

If conﬁdent people have insecurites, then what makes them
conﬁdent?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Updated Jan 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Conﬁdent who has insecurities…
I don’t know this knowledge but I am going to learn it.
I may fail but I’ll ﬁnd a way to succeed or ﬁnd someone who knows how
I know I am not perfect but she/he is taking me for granted. I’m walking away.
I know looks matter but I can increase my averages 5 times as much. It will beneﬁt
my health, my overall appearance, boost conﬁdence and I’d have learned many
skills in doing so.
I know nice and kind is what we need to have anyway but it is not attraction. I
acknowledge I need to improve in myself and understanding of the world around
me. I am not entitled to date any woman and nor are women entitled to date me. I
will learn the specialised knowledge and skill because now I know it is not down to
luck, nice, kind and all what most women and men say. I will learn, improve and I
will grow.
I may not be the best writer but I’ll get better and learn more on how to get better
through knowledge and experience to write my books.
I will blaze my own path, be self aware of my values, doing what I enjoy and
learning to turn it all into currency to help me live a good life.
I take responsibility for failed relationships and I will get better at screening and be
self aware of my emotions. No one uses me. I but desired to engage, be in that
relationship or fuck, or whatever. I too had a choice. I too made that too and I do did
so for what I desired.
Someone who isn’t conﬁdent and has insecurities
I can’t do this and I will never be good at it. I’m not techie person (or
mathematics/art/science/sport/people skills or whatever knowledge/skill it
maybe)
I failed before and it’s just not in me to succeed and no one is going to help me
anyway.
I’ll never ﬁnd someone to love me. If I be nicer, kinder, or patient she/he will change
because I won’t ﬁnd anyone else if I walk away from this person.
I’m ugly and no one will want to date me. I might as well give up. World is
superﬁcial and everyone just wants looks.
I’m nice, kind, good man but women are bitches/guys are assholes. They all go for
bad boys, jerks/players/badgirls/hot girls/hot guys and not for good guys/girls.
All men just want to have sex with me because of my looks. I am now aged 35 and
past marriage. Being good looking is can bring negative to your life to you know!
(The all men just want sex because of the hot looks” comes from the identiﬁcation
of shame internal system of this person.
May look pretty or hot but they feel ugly inside. Doesn’t take self responsibility
for her/his own lack of screening skills and has their head up their ass most of the
time.
If a good man woman came along, they won’t know what to fucking do or even
know and self sabotage it because that’s their psychological script. They got to
make the predictable out i.e. the story to be true and so they create the outcome
again and again through self sabotage. They do a lot of transactional games and
act superior that they are ﬁltering our creeps blah blah and seeing who is bad bad
man. No, they acting the role and game they’ve designed in their mind long ago.)

I’m just not good at writing. It’s just not in me. There are people better than me.
What’s the use.
What if people don’t accept me, approve of me and I can’t ﬁt in. Maybe I should do
work that is safe and where I am liked. If I say something I’ll get judged. I’ll lose my
friends.
They used me for sex. I always attract jerks, assholes, players and bad boys/bad
girls, insecure girls, users. They are to blame for my misery. It’s their fault.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

My lover forgot my birthday, does it mean that he doesn’t care
about me? We spoke many times today and surely he doesn’t
have any clue.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her -Oh I went out with some friends because it’s my birthday.
Me - here’s a drink of tea. Your birthday gift
Her - What you like!
Me - Well you didn’t remind me.
Her - It’s not important babes. I know what you’re like. I should have said.
Me - Oh by the way, there’s a box on bed, you’re mum told me it was your birthday
Her - Master! Oh Daddy, is it what I think it is?
Me - Go and see ;)
Her - OMG! THAT’S A HUGE ASS PLUG! LOVE IT! And a mask and…OMG you
remembered my fav book.
Me - No, you’re sister reminded me about the book
Her - And you remembered our song!
Me - Actually, your best friend reminded me it’s your fav song
If you want something, ask for it because some people don’t remember dates
much but some us also don’t base our relationship on these things. If we
remember, we remember. If we don’t, it’s not a big deal.
But if you want something…ask for it because we get games out in world, society
and last thing we want it is with our lovers too.
We expect to feel safe with our lovers rather than feeling they see relationship as a
game of love.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Amanda Drinkard

How do you ask a stranger to be your friend?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Hey, so I heard you’re into Hentai comics
Him - Yeah man, fucking awesome. Have you seen blah blah
Me - No shit. I got a copy of those.
Him - Dayum. I couldn’t one because they are not deilivering states
Me - I know someone who delivers in UK though
Him - Shit
Me - Have you got a copy of blah blah
Him - Yeah
Me - Trade you because I got two copies of the blah blah
So oﬀ we go to my place and he sees sketches and he’s like..
Him - Holy shit. You draw these? Sexy as hell man
Me - You haven’t see these though

I take him to other room and he sees massive large paintings I did using spray
cans and some paint and also other material giving glitter to the clothes.
His jaw drops
That was 20 years ago and we’re still friends.
I am still into comics, manga, hentai stuﬀ, still draw, paint, write music, write
stories etc.

You don’t ask to be someone’s friend or they be yours.
Friendship are connections you make and it evolves through phases.
There are diﬀerent type of friends.
It is hard and rare to build very close friends because there are some what we call
utility friends, i.e. what you got to oﬀer them. Like co-workers, business colleges,
organisations, people you meet often, get to know but they rely on you for
knowledge, skill, expertise. Moment they got what they want, they dissappear to
come back when they need something else.
There are those who are with you due to interested like you’re in college, uni and
so you become friends due to interest, some are with you become of status, feed
oﬀ you for energy, emotional stimulus. I see them as teens or adults who are
impatient, looking for some exciting, to get hard on or pussy dripping wet but
they never last. They are seekers of shiny objects or what I call the modern day
sirens, dressed up as friends but really not friends, or desire you sexually but
impatience as fuck to ever meet or they ﬁnd someonother shiny object.
You’ll meet lots of the modern day sirens.
So don’t worry it. I see them as entertain and they amuse me with their grandoise
desire to be fucked, whipped, ﬂogged but they are not patient and they never
meet the Master. They only meet the wolves who devours them and strips them
down right to their wounds to run and hide back into their childhood fantasy that
never ﬁnds it’s day.
The utility friends to the modern day sirens will ﬂy away. Many of them. You’ll
beneﬁt from the utility friends of you set boundaries, be organised and they pay
for your time. Don’t fall for their excuses they haven’t money. They got money to
pay for shit, cigs, drinks, and all kinds of stuﬀ. Or you can trade skill for skill kind
of things. Negotiate terms that works best but you will need to keep building your
list of utility friends to win big because many move to other cities or work, many
lose business websites or start a new business somewhere else. It’s fast and
moving.
The modern day sirens bring no beneﬁt.
They are but amusing, entertaining and their life is boring, mediocre, routine like
the four seasons. Predictable. You meet a few of them and pattern to identify
them is so easy you’ll be yawning when they dance.
The utility friends fade away or you fade away.
But then there are those who are die hard friends who even you don’t meet
everyday, they are the ﬁrst to call, to share, to talk, to cry, get angry about
something, and years of communication on and oﬀ, meeting on and oﬀ, they
marry or in relationship and they have children and still…you’re in
communication with each other.

Die hard friends, are rare indeed and I can count only maybe 5 and we’ve got a
history together, been friends for a long time.
Just know, if you don’t have many friends or not even one good friend, know it’s
you. It is not that times have changed or we are in the age of internet or social
media, or economic crisis.
These kind of friends are rare and so if you attract then great but if you don’t,
know it is very hard to have friends like that.
Yes, even in a world ﬁlled with billions of people.
It’s not you. This isn’t movie or episodes of friends.
It is rare.
Friends are not the all of everything even when they are die hard friends.
What is, is the family you create or a legacy you build and thrives long after you
have gone. Some ﬁnd out this lesson far too late.
Hopefully you learn it early on in life.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Yasmine Yusuf

Do boyfriends leave you because you are jobless?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do boyfriends leave you because you are jobless these days?

Some do and some don’t.
I met one of my lovers, when she just ﬁnished university. I knew she was gong to
have a hard time ﬁnding a job. She was naive thinking her degree was going to get
her a job.
When she ﬁnished, I asked her to move in with me and that will help to ease the
money challenges of paying rent to Landlords and she can use that money for her
health, for food, and to relax, as she looks for a job.
But she was young, I was older, lived, and so she went along on her own route. It
didn’t last for a month, and bless her. She did a master degree in computer
science and doing door to door, and asked for help.
So I said to her if she moves in it will help me.
You know people, sometimes ego, if you help they can’t take it sometimes, and
feel a bit bad so I said it was to help me, blah blah. She moved in and said to her to
quit that job and I’ll help her with promise she will get a 40k job in programming
if she follows like everyone else, the same mentorship program se seen the many
guys who walk in and out of my house.
She agreed and so began where she learn to code at home, learning again. I got
some friends who already work in companies as coders, managers, leaders of
teams and they gave her projects for herself to do and they’d come and rip it apart
and she’d build it back up, and they’d come and rip it apart and so she learne
what she knew wasn’t much for the real world but…she was getting better.
When the guys told me “she’s ready,”
I then helped her looking for jobs online and she got tons of interviews and got a
job. It wasn’t 40k yet but it was part of my strategy and plan. Out of many guys I
mentored, she listened to me more and followed step by step what I was saying. It
was like she trusted me 100% and asked me tons of question.
That is why the speed of her success was faster.

What slows things down for many is over thinking and just putting conviction
into the process and doing the work.
When things were going oﬀ at work she’d ask me questions and I’d let her know
the moves to make and one of them is move from that job, they are going down.
They did and she was already in a job.
Other job she went for had problems, she asked me questions. I said to her they
are playing a game. The company will be sold. Move fast.
She did and by time she got the job, everyone else in company found out too late
the company was being sold but she got a job so it was ok for her.
The other company she had problem with a Narcissist. I shared how to deal with
her and what to say and when she did, she got control of the Narcissist and now
Narcissist behavior changed but I also said, run, move out of that job fast but
learn to deal with these type of folks are everywhere.
One job after another until I said..
“I am moving to the big city, It’s time for your 40k job. London. We leave one month!
Apply to jobs of 40k+.”
She packed, I packed, went to London and before she even got to London, she
already had interview calls, she went there for ﬁnal interviews and got the job.
She set the terms and she negotiated and she learned much of that from my
experiences in past with companies.
She has since moved to other job roles in larger company and her salary now is
50k. Her success is due to her eﬀorts and work. She put the time in, work and
went for it.
When I was down and out because I take risks in life, she like all my lovers who
have been with me for years rallied up to support. They knew a fast mover so I’d
be back on my feet. I’m a ﬁghter.
I don’t always win the battles in life but it doesn’t matter. If you took care of the
foundation, it will take care of you when times are hard.

So the answer to your question…
Some men are just that…a boyfriend.
But there are some men who are leaders and lovers, and our role and
inspiration in life is growth. We are ﬁghters. We know how hard it has
been and we come armed to the teeth to win in life. But we have
standards and yes, we have expectations to some level. I’m a mentor, a
master after all. I don’t talk shit from anyone including women. I expect
complete obedience and there are other men not like that but still got
standards.
When a lover is down, I do not kick them in the teeth nor do I when they are up.
Yes I am a sadistic Master with sex and relationship but I am also caring in that I
love to see my lovers win and help them win in life.
I raise their head high because their self worth is not due to a job, nor clothes on
their back or any of what world thinks.
It is in their pride in themselves to keep ﬁghting and having the spirit to do so
and if it so, I’ll be right beside them like a beast ready to rip through the
challenges with problem solving mind and enthusiasms for life.

They learnd how strong they are, through the sweet pain of sex and pleasure, so
whatever world dishes out, they can take them on no problem.
It’s not just ‘boyfriend’ kind of relationship. It’s far more.
So some will leave you when hit rock bottom or jobless and some will lift your
head up, look into your eyes and say..
“It’s time to ﬁght love. I’m right beside you. Nothing to fear but fear itself.”
But I won’t if they act like victims, blaming the world and do nothing about it but
complain the world didn’t give them a chance.
You make your chances. You create your opportunities.
You stare into the naked eye of the tornado like a wolf ready to lung and rip out
what you want from the world.
You cannot be meek but learn to be strong.
You do that, you’ll attract strong type of lovers who are ﬁghters.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it dangerous to share personal experiences on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jan 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends really on where you are in life and type of topics you choose to write.
The thing with sharing your personal experience is this…
1. People will try to attack you to hurt you. Mostly due to jealousy, some
just pissed oﬀ people, others wish they were like you but hate you
because they can’t due to whatever reasons they got. Others lead a life
where no one gives them attention or importance and so they try to
provoke response from you using name calling, labels, writing questions
about you for people to feel important to give opinion on who you are, to
messaging and commenting but…I don’t give them the time of day.
If you look at what I said on ﬁrst line “depends where you are in life.” If
you have in some way grown, experienced many a things, you’d have
found what it really important, and so this part won’t worry as much but
it may hurt you still as you’re human except if you can switch oﬀ such
emotions but most people can’t.
2. You’re friends can be reading your writing. Your co-workers too. Maybe
relatives as well. Also strangers. You know as well as I do, the world we
live in is dictated by what is sadly known as the social norms and within
that is a web weaved of social pressure, social peers and so, people will
either decide not to associate with you because of how it looks to them.
Or how it looks to others they know if they did.
This means, they may not be your friend. They may not follow. They may
not vote for your work. They may not follow your website or facebook
page.
A good example is topics I write on here. I disabled comments due to shit
storms on comments that never focus on the question and I disabled
private message. But when I had private message on, I had hundreds
after hundreds and more people saying their life changed, they ﬁgured
things out, life is better… BUT…none of them voted, none of them shared
what is written and none of them, joined my facebook page.

You’d have to be one helluva free person and strong to follow my kinky
facebook page. Haha. That I know but that’s me. I am living my life by
my rules, my code and I have nothing to fear, no loss of friends or all
that. I love my life and living this way has given me far more excitement,
pleasures, discipline too and love for life than following what social
peers want or what norms say.
Also when you are fearless in this way, it makes it easier for the similar
people as yourself, who desire the same as yourself to ﬁnd you. The only
thing is you got to put yourself out there and have the backbone, ballsy
attitude to also take the shit that comes and know how to cut the noise
oﬀ.
3. The other is if you write politics, religion and conspiracy stuﬀ. I’d not
bother with these. Expect if your life work is about these. If it’s not, keep
it to yourself and just read, and well, ﬁnd people who into same thing
and talk with them.
From what I saw on what you write, I won’t worry at all.
There’s somethings in there that beneﬁts folks when they read and though it’s
personal life writing views, it’s not something to worry about but be aware
anyway that when it comes friends, relatives, co-workers, followers, voters, if you
are concerned about that then maybe best not write at all online.
They might not want to be friends, associate and so on with you. That’s world we
live in unfortunately. They’ll fear what it looks like for them and you also get
judged from others. It’s a judgmental world. We got all this freedom of speech
blah blah but you know the real world, it’s complete bollocks. People will judge.
Social media platforms have policies and even they fear being judged and lose
status and business.
Sometimes they have to do things to make someone a scapegoat to show
“Look, see, we don’t allow it. We are like you!”
If you have grown and seen more than most people, which I believe from what I
read in some of your answers before answering your question, that you do see the
bigger picture of life, world and yourself to ever concern yourself on that.
You're more of a person if I am right, who has ﬁgured out important things in life
such as living life to how you want, do activities you enjoy the most and not for
people’s approval, love yourself and so on.
Again, it depends where you are in life :)
What was important to you way back probably is not now. What is important right
now may even change to something else later on.
And you will ﬁnd what most don’t agree with you, will agree years later. It’s a
surprise that even your enemies later realise they were fucking stupid and if they
followed what you said they’d see what you really mean.
That’s the thing with reading.
People love to read, then judge but most who do, have rarely lived the life you
have lived to experience, to see beyond your words because 95% can be read or
taught verbally but to make that 95% make sense in their world, there is the 5%
that has to be caught.
Only when they do go out and catch that knowledge through applying, living,
growing through the pain, the struggle do they catch what you’re really saying.
They suddenly realise what you really mean.

It’s like reading a book. You read it but you get little of it. Months or years later
you pick it up and this time what you read has a deeper meaning. You see
between the lines because you…earned the knowledge.
Most never do because the comfort zone so so comfy.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why does she let me to ﬂirt with her, touch her, and basically do
anything that people do while dating, and yet she is telling me
we are just friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I guarantee you this…
1. You haven’t asked her out directly
2. You haven’t got a yes or no after that
3. You act passive aggressive
4. You don’t have sex with her
5. You don’t go out dating and kissing in front of her friends or your friends
and all know you’re dating for real
So you’re not doing what “dating” people do.
In other words you’re a nice guy who likes the validation and this why nice guys
get all frustrating, whiny about why girls do this and that to everyone else but not
to the girl and slam the brakes down.
Talk big to everyone outside but not to her.
Bottle it inside but do not show your feelings and get the record straight.
Not authentic but hiding.
Typical nice guy behaviour.
You’re doing it because you like the attention, the validation, the approval
and you like everyone to see how…COOL you are.
“OOoh she touched me. Oooh she likes me. Maybe there is a chance to date and
blah blah blah.”
Validation.
But you got it wrong.
This is not the cool factor. This is false coolness.
False coolness is just some nice guys, being passive aggressive over one girl, one,
and wastes his time questioning himself rather than asking girls out or if he
doesn’t like what is going on…he sets boundaries.
He does it to look cool to his friends and have something to talk about to his
friends about how some girl is hitting on him.
So you don’t have t an opinion about how he like to be treated.
You’re just a shiny object for some girl.
But a guy who has real swag factor has boundaries. He wants truth. He’s not going
to fuck around impressing girls when he can approach and get a yes from
somewhere and from a far more attractive and vibrant girl, and a girl by the way
who is passionately into him the way he is into her.

He wants clarity and he’ll get it by speaking up and polarizing women to ask them
out to get Yes or No. Anything else he moves on.
And if it’s ﬂirting for fun, he will know and if he wants it, he lets it happen and
play but if he doesn’t, he’ll slam the brakes down and let it be known to her and
any girl.
Instead you assume because you know in the end, if you do, she will walk away
and use someone else for her to boost her self esteem.
You’re all in your head, always. Creating movies like a Bollywood/Hollywood
scene to feed your own fantasies and emotions.
That’s really what’s going on.
You feed oﬀ this energy the way she does.
You feed oﬀ the touching, the ﬂirting and you hope one day she will say yes when
you ﬁnd your balls to ask her out but you also fear that if you do, and she says no,
she will disappear.
No girl can do anything to you that you don’t want. No woman can.
But you let her and that is why it happens.
You let it happen for a reason. It gives you a feeling. It makes you look cool to
others but it does not for your in what you really want.
You let her, you hide what you REALLY want from this relationship and you don’t
speak your mind.
You got her on a pedestal, like she’s the only girl in town.
Blaming her, blaming others when you need to stand up for yourself. If you want
to date this girl, say so to her and I bet you she will disappear and ﬁnd another
sucker to play around with and get her attention.
And you helped her build her status.
She shows to other guys she got a guy round her ﬁnger. She shows girls she can do
this, like she’s demonstrating some power
But if she met some motherfucker bad boy, he’ll be so direct with her and if she
doesn’t say..yes, to dating him, he’ll tell what his boundaries are if she tries all
that touching, ﬂirting….he’ll put her back in place so she knows the line she
doesn’t step over.
You do it to yourself.
Too needy for validation, to be liked by girls, and got oneitis, over this one girl,
passive aggressive.
The typical behaviour and trait of a nice guy or a - doormat.
If you don’t like something, say so and tell that girl to back the fuck oﬀ because
you’re friends and watch how she now changes her tune and disappears.
Next time she says to others “OOoh he’s JUST friend,” you reply, “Yes because I’d
never would date her, she’s not my type,” and don’t be sorry for saying it if she gets
upset about it because…that is what she is saying to everyone.
Stop being her clown and wake the fuck up.
Time to get that pedestal she is sitting on crashing down.
No more being passive aggressive.

No more doing things for her too, if you are. She can do those things herself. She’s
not fragile, a princess. She can do the work herself.
No woman does anything to you. You let it happen because you fear loss and
really not honest with yourself and those around you.
Let go of being passive aggressive or people will do whatever they want and think
it is ok by you.
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys ever read their text conversations with their ex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are those who hope their ex will come back. They’ll be stalking their ex’s
facebook, instagram and pininterest and if they are here, then here too.
There are those who will have saved the text messages of their ex and read them
over and over again, with hope their ex will send a text which is why they still
have the number on phone and open channel, not blocked.
There will be those who will be still be in contact with ex, because, well, some
hope things can happen and some, well, they do it because they say they are
mature blah blah blah, and ex’s can be friends blah blah blah.
There are those who do all these and depressed, on diﬀerent medicine and
spiraling down thinking of ex’s.
Then there is those motherfuckers, that everyone complains about, who they call
the bad boys, the jerks, the players, the son of a bitch guys who so cold hearted, so
don’t care, like the move on so fast and never look back. They delete
conversations, block, no contact and mean what they say.
I’m one of motherfuckers ;)
Now don’t get it wrong. Motherfuckers love, and when they love, they love deep
and hard, and give it all right there and then when in relationship. They say what
they want, very direct. Yes, even on facebook, if mesagin a woman it be like..
“Hey, I see your vibe. You’re a bad girl, want to fuck, I’ll be back in UK.”
“YES!”
“Ok girl, see you soon, keep in touch, here;’s my number and add on Whatsapp no
small talk, sexy, fun ﬂirt. Ok
“Yes, I like!”
So direct, no messing, says it as it is, you don’t like - fuck oﬀ, you do like,
awesome, and they don’t care if it gets women running. Some love it and some
don’t. No problemo.
They then love but ONLY when in relationship and she doesn’t ﬁx and change
pretending she didn’t know who they guy is and what they guy wants and how it
ﬂows.
The beneﬁt for woman?
She knows exactly what the guy wants, who he is for real and she knows what she
can never get. That for lots of women is very comforting in a world full of people
who are ambigious, hiding, confusing and a world where her heart can be broken
because they guy is not who he is from day one but plays some games,
manipulation to cover something up, the intent, the reason, the things he is doing
out in world and she doesn’t know. No, she knows, it’s clear as day and rather be
with devil you know than the devil you don’t and everyone has a good and a bad

in them. He just embraces what he desires and says it. It’s ﬁne so ﬁne if it’s a not
but it isn’t if it’s some game, chasing to ﬁxing and changing.
After that, when she can’t be ﬁxed and changed, and he moves on - well, he’s a
motherfucker, a player, a jerk, asshole and whatever some label people like to use
on guys who they tried to ﬁx but couldn’t.
But there is a reason behind being someone who seems cold hearted afterwards.
Someone who shuts down once and moves on. Very good reason.
Look around you. See how many people hold on to hope. Look around you and
see how many people dishonest with regards to love, to people they say they love
and wete not even honest from day one because of ‘hope’ or what we know as
controlling the outcome.
Look around you and see how many are miserable, unhappy, cannot move on and
still hang on to their ex’s come back to even put their life on hold, to not date
others and grow.
You see and you hear even guys talking about ex, whining and bitching about ex’s
treating them this way and that way to women too.
HOPE is a bitch but it is better you make HOPE your bitch that it makes you it’s
bitch. I found that to work best that way especially when it comes to the matters
of the heart and mind.
Hope sits in the corner sulking and then walks oﬀ in a huﬀ ﬁnding someone else
to preach it’s bullshit.
Hope says it comes with good intentions but we all know, hell is paved with good
intentions.
If you want to go through hell, keep those messages, pining over an ex but you
become Hopes’ bitch.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys ﬁnd anything with a pulse attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That pulse you’re talking about is called ‘shame’ regarding ‘sex.’
It’s in your brain.
Have a talk with a therapist. They’ll let you in the secret of why women ‘slut
shame’ men and why men slut shame women.
Slut shaming is a very common disease in society but it can be cured ;)
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to apologize?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

An apology shows you really care about the relationship and connection with
someone. Whether it’s lovers, clients, whoever.
Things to avoid doing…
1. Justifying
2. Devaluing someone. Telling them how you didn’t know this or that was
important to them. You did know. That’s justifying

3. Avoid devaluing in saying you don’t want anything back, see them
anymore, or love them anymore, blah blah anymore. No point
apologising if that’s how it’s going to be.
So forget being condescending, telling them you don’t want their love
anymore like we are now on some pedestal. You know you want them
back and you know you screwed up but being condensing doesn’t help to
keep the door open. It may make you feel better but that doesn’t last
long.
4. Avoid long stories and bullet points.
What to do
1. Mention you are sorry and how you acknowledge that you’ve have hurt
this person
2. Mention why you are sorry. Say exactly what you did and avoid saying
why you did it to justify. Mention how it was wrong.
3. Mention what you’re going to do to ﬁx it and why you want to. That you
value the connection, the relationship with this person. That if they are
willing to, you’d like to work together and build this trust again because
you valued this relationship so much.
That is how you apologise and show empathy. That is how you show someone
how much you really love them.
This is Making Apology 101
Or it is nothing but words to justify, to score points or to feel better about one self.
If the apology like this happens and the behaviour doesn’t change, well, then it is
one helluva screw up.
Be ready because they’ll watch you like a hawk. People rarely change so quick
and consistency is needed. You got to give this person sometime but as time goes
by, the consistency is there and they see you really meant it, the relationship wll
grow stronger.
Trust can take months to years to build up but it can crumble instantly in
seconds. It’s very fragile.
If someone gives you that trust, don’t go oﬀ abusing it and questioning it or
they’ll never trust you again. They’ll see from day one you never trusted and you
were not who you said you were.
13.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by John McDonald

Why is my ex-girlfriend, after 3 months, still ﬁghting with me?
She thinks I cheated that's why she broke up with me. We were
together 2 years after the break up. I contact her all the time
and she replies, but angry. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to stop calling her. You was in relationship for 2 years and broke up 3
months ago.
You like being treated like shit or being a doormat?
Move on. She’s your ex. You don’t like her behaviour so stop calling her and
hoping to get back together. She’s pissed, she blames you for something and it
doesn’t matter why. You don’t tolerate this behaviour from anyone.

Have boundaries and follow your own values and avoid being passive aggressive,
and whiny. Of course she’s going to be pissed oﬀ. Breakups are not easy, they
don’t always end up positive and you remind her of negatives but that’s no excuse
for her to behave in this manner either but she can, because you let it. You call
and act passive.
It’s time to move on.
It’s called getting a life. You have no time to prat about. Life is coming round the
corner with jobs, bills, expenses, taxes rising. You need to prepare to win in life
and winning is about sorting your own emotions out, know who you are, know
what you want and go for it.
She’s one woman on this planet. She’s history. An ex. She doesn’t respect you and
for sure, she isn’t gong to give want you want and those who don’t you need to
leave them behind and move forward in your life.
Focus on bettering your life and keep moving forward. You have no time for
drama and melodramatics. Set yourself up for sucess rather than increasing the
path to failure. Stable your emotions and you then stable the rest of your life.
It’s time to grow. Move on. Let her go.
You will never grow if you keep in radar of your ex and thinking of hope. If she
was so want you back she’d behave diﬀerently. She’d work her butt oﬀ to do so but
she thinks you’re always gong to be there and so she doesn’t value you anyway.
Close that door shut, time to grow and move forward and evolve.
Get busy with your life, work on yourself and move on, approach someone else if
you want to date and don’t go back and forth.
Enough of the drama already.
28 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sakis Vakalopoulos

I wasn't into relationships before and rarely talked to people I
liked. A girl I like approached me, but I didn't give much
response. Now I have changed, but still inexperienced and she
gives me an irritated look now. I want her, any advice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 4, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Always have in your mind these following words….
“What’s the worse that could happen?”
So get out of your head and take action more. You’re in your head too much. Just
walk up, smile and surprise her. This is not about her. This is not about getting
the girl.This is not about getting the intereview call for a job. This isn’t about
anything but this…GROWTH.
If you do not grow through it, always remember you will go through this again
and again, never growing, never feeling alive, always nervous, never really seeing
how strong you are.
She isn’t the one. She isn’t the destiny. She isn’t the chosen one. She’s just a girl,a
woman like you is just a guy, a man on this planet. Just a connection that
happens or it doesn’t but what really matters is either grow or you don’t.
That’s what life is about.
See everything like that…
“I want to be stronger.”

Then do what strong men do. Approach, smile and say..
“Hey, just like to have a word with you,” pause. Then talk to her and say you had
alot on your mind a while back which is why you didn’t talk much.
Then talk to her, be fun, ﬂirt, relax and suggest something to go out and if she
doesn’t, smile still and walk away. If she goes on about being friends just say you
haven’t time for friends as you got a life and busy doing things.
You don’t need validation and wasting time impressing a girl being her friend and
hoping she will like you.
It’s either a yes or no.
914 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hitesh Nankani

Why would a guy you just accepted as a friend online start to
like your posts even though he hardly knows you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He likes the posts
2. If he likes lots of them. He likes you. I mean lots of them. Like nearly all
of them! And if he does, don’t go oﬀ “oh that’s creepy.” That’s not the way
to see things. Relax. This is a new brave world ;)
3. Then that means “for pete sake, send me a message and say hi and let’s
talk.”
But you’ll never know.
Be a brave one. Send a message but not just “hi.”
Look at some of his post. Like his posts. Then send him a message about his post
as an excuse and be fun, outgoing and get a conversation going and see from
there.
7 Views · View Upvoters

What things do people say that make you roll your eyes?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Looks doesn’t matter. Then you look at who they dating and know looks
to them does matter ;)
2. I always look for personality ﬁrst and not attracted to looks. Which goes
against science and how our brain works.
3. Oooh thank you for the 100 votes! WOW!
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most ridiculous thing that you have ever convinced
someone to believe?

 https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-most-ridiculous-thing-someone-has-ever-tried-to-convi…
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the professions was being a graphic designer. I cornered the niche in the
city and made tons of money. One guy who writes for one of the university
newsletter asked me..
“What the origin of the Shell Logo.”
This one here..

My friends worked really hard to not crack up all laughing. Imagine a white guy
with an ozzy accent and a cafe full of Arabs and two women sitting on my lap and
with a serious face I begin…
“The Arabs are rich because the Camels had a biological system that can sniﬀ out
oil and one day, someone who was very poor accidentally found that out. It made
these poor Arabs rich.
This lead to the creation of the Monarchy of Saudia Arabia.
Since then, due to evolution and the weather, and also the wars which poisoned
the air, the camels lost that ability which is even if you had a camel in Arabia or in
any country, due to the climate changes and evolution, they won’t be able to….
And you think the shell logo is around the shell you ﬁnd in the ocean but really,
they wanted to hide the story behind the Camel because of politics. The true
origin of the logo then came from the Camel, the footprint of it’s toes..

But a marketing American genius found a way to keep the Saudi Arabian
Monarchy happy and not upset them by superimposing the shape of the camel
footprint and shell.
So the shape is still there but really no one will know, however the Monarchy
would and they took it as a good sign of faith between the Americans and the
Arabs.

I said this with a straight face and my friends and the women were nodding away
all serious. He left us and the story got ptinted in the newsletter.
Because people thought it was a joke, he didn’t get laughed at but was
complimented for ﬁlling space with some crazy shit humour that didn’t make
sense and he made tons of friends. It made the newsletter that was dry have a
diﬀerent twist to it and since then, they added some humour to each future
issues.
So he wasn’t pissed at me for the joke I played on him but he never again asked
me a question on politics and religion again.
If he was good at journalism, he’d have done some research but he probably was
lazy and well, naive but a good guy nevertheless.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a point to sex, because after it's done, it just seems like
another hour?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What does sex mean to you?
If you see sex as just a function then you will see it as “seems like another hour.”
It is also about getting to know someone, being intimate, that even after sex,
there is talk, their is comfort, their is even more foreplay, there is laughing, there
is getting to know the person who is a human being.
What does sex mean to you?
Is it just a function, then it be boring for you.
It is just function, bang, bang and not pleasuring the person you’re with, learning
more about the other person, growing more with the person, seeing them see and
experience and feel known and unknown sensations they never thought they
could and yet, they have dated and had sex with others.
For me, it is also about seeing the woman feel she has grown, she can explore
more, she can talk freely and openly about her desires, she can do all the kinky
and ask to explore all these and more, she can lay there as I stroke her hair after
sex, and we smile, talk, kiss, and get to know her more.
I even go out after sex, walk together after we had a shower, and explore city, as
we talk some more.
There is so much to sex, but if sex to you is but a function then all you see beside
you is nothing but a ghost, a shell and you take pleasure and do not give pleasure,
and nor does she grow, nor does she see another side of herself she never thought
she had in her or did have but wondered if any man would ever be conﬁdent
enough to explore her deepest and most utmost desires, her thoughts that are
locked, deep down her and always thought they’d be locked for always for her but
to only still feel she is dictated by the labels and societies norms, and cultural
programming.
Does the other person grow because of you?
Does the otehr person see so much more inside themselves because of you?
Do they ﬁnd themselves becoming free every time they hear from you. meet you,
make love and does this person feel they can let go and be themselves?
What is sex to you?
Is it function or is it an experience in which you feel someone’s energy is growing
stronger, deeper, pulsating faster, harder, like an energy ball growing and
penetrating the depth of her spirit for her as to ﬁnally believe there are people
like herself for her to say what she wants to say, experience what she always
wanted to feel, explore what she so fantasized about and even to be able to say
those kinky words with ﬁre in her eyes like diamonds in the fucking sky, without
any fear of being judged.
What does sex mean to you?
Function or an experience both explore and it goes beyond even after orgasm?
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys think I've been used for sex when I don't feel that
way at all because I enjoyed it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Jan 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. You tell all around you about your sexual experiences
2. You can’t help but tell your friends about it
3. You can’t help but tell guys you date about it
4. Then you expect every fucker to be like yourself, conﬁdent, high sexual
intelligence, sexually conﬁdent, beautiful inside and out, grown,
matured, and believes in yourself, takes responsibility for her own
actions and sexuality… but… everyone isn’t like that and most people got
a whole lot of fucked up shit in how they see themselves, sex and the
world, and also experiences in dating and relationship, insecurities,
trauma and also experiences with sex.
So I would suggest, do whatever, but just be careful who you start sharing your
sexual awesome experiences with and know, people are growing, people will have
diﬀerent experiences, some see sex this way and some see it that way, some see
this is taboo and some don’t.
If you for example was talking to me, I won’t see it as you being used. Instead
you’ll hear me say…
“Dayum girl, you’re one conﬁdent woman aren’t you. Good for you!”
But that’s because of who I am, growth and I am very sexual conﬁdent and
comfortable with my sexuality. I see things in a similar ways as yourself and so,
that’s the secret…
Associate with sex positive and like minded people like yourself. Maybe
even write erotic novels or create a blog sharing tips that you’ve learnt to
help others.
Maybe you can pour your energy of wanting to share your happiness, joy, sexual
experiences that way for others to learn and you can even create a pen name too.
Maybe write books and sell on kindle which is a skill, you’ll learn how to write,
create stories and from your experiences and develop characters and earn money
too.
There are people out there who feel same as you do and see sex and life in similar
way as you do.
We are out there but you got to say hello to them and connect and you’ll ﬁnd
they’ll all share similar values and how they see the world too and..sex
Main thing, you enjoyed it, you do it because you want to, you love it.
Just don’t take too much stock what anyone else thinks. I
It will send you crazy.
Just be careful who you talk to about your experiences.
Make sure they are also sexually conﬁdent, have high sexual intelligence, similar
in lifestyle and values.
Notice how I have my comment and message here disabled? That’s why. I’m not
interested in other people’s opinion how I live my life or what I share. I do it for
me, because I love to share knowledge but I got a life, I got things to do and have
no time debating.
And from me…

“Dayum woman. You are conﬁdent aren’t you. Good for you, you enjoy it and take
responsibility for your own actions and sexuality. Most don’t.”
1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I like hit on me, playfully teasing me, saying, “I'm never
going to stop so don't ﬁght”, I replied, “Like I'm never going to
stop asking you out”, and she said, “And I'm never going to say
yes”. I'm really confused. What is she saying?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not confused.
You’re needy. Love the validation. Shut her down, no more ﬂirting, no more
giving her attention as she’s playing you. Thinks her pussy, tits and ass is a prize.
Then such women wonder why they attract assholes who keep chasing, fuck
them and dump their asses next day.
There are plenty of women out there who don’t do that. Plenty. They’ll respect
your time, they give straight answers and they won’t play about like a fucking
idiot due to insecurities.
Let her learn the hard way. Someone will come along far smarter, gutsy and she’ll
be on here asking…
“The guy used me. He showed interested, dated me, fucked me and then dumped me
just like that! What should I do?”
They are called…modern day sirens.
You know sirens? Read up Greek Mythology.
They do all that singing, to attract you and then fuck you over, get you to go
mental if you can’t handle these types of women. I know how to handle them.
You have a screening process. They either say Yes or No and if they try that crap
on then here’s a way to make the message loud and clear…
It’s easy. Look..
“Hey bitch. FUCK OFF.”
Sometimes I don’t even say anything. I just roll my eyes, laugh my head oﬀ in
their faces and walk oﬀ.
Pretty easy isn’t it?
When you got balls to walk away and not see any woman on a pedestal then you’ll
not waste time with such women. I never think what it means, why this or that
women says this or does that. I don’t give a fuck. That’s what these type of women
want you to think. Get you all up in your head.
Either it is a Yes or No.
Anything else, you walk away and not give any time.
Takes 5 mins.
No confusion because when you’re not needy for validation and you want results,
you don’t let any woman think she can play like cat and mouse.
You’re missing out meeting tons of women who got it rocking. Women who don’t
do all these stupid immature games.
She’s not ﬂirting. That’s not ﬂirting. That’s her being insecure as fuck.
Some guys will tell you

“Oooh be patient, just play along.”
No, don’t play anything. Shut her down.
Set your boundaries. Don’t think about why, what and all that. That’s what she
wants you to do. Get you all screwed up inside.
That’s the manipulation technique called “Push and Pull.”
It’s then play hard bullshit game with a bit of twist to keep you hooked in for fun.
Approach someone else and leave the pathetic play hard fool alone. She probably
learned that from her teen years in school, cosmo magazines and some pathetic
women who keep telling her that’s how you attract a man.
No, that’s how you attract a doormat.
Are you a doormat?
No? Ok then. move on and approach someone else.
Because if you was ever dating her, the drama that comes from these type of
women will send you up the wall. They are not worth your time, attention and
using your resources.
Leave her to the wolves.
They’ll soon sniﬀ her out and deal with her hardcore and then she probably grow
up or probably not.
Some people learn hard way and some never learn. They just keep doing it
because they love to tell sad stories like victims about jerks, assholes, and how
they loved an asshole and how the asshole dumped their asses.
You don’t need anyone else to tell you to have self respect and nor do you need to
over think what she means and all that.
It means don’t give her time of day.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

How I can ‘live a better life’ after being dumped by my abusive
ex, when he’s rich, has a prospering career, is surrounded by
genuine people who all think he’s a great friend?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you want all that then..
1. You focus in getting educated
2. You work smart and hard to get a career that pays well
3. You hire people later who can advise to invest and diversify portfolio
4. You go out and socialise more than wasting time thinking your success is
prevented by someone else, and get on with it, and meet lots of people,
make lots of connections with people of similar values.
Nothing stopping you striving to put your time and energy doing these.
It’s better than envying someone’s life and making excuses that someone’s else is
to blame for your lack of career success, ﬁnancial success and not making friends.
That’s down to you making the right choices right now and moving forward in
life.
Just because you date someone, be in relationship with someone, doesn’t mean
you stop building your own life and lifestyle goals.

1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Will a narcissist return after no contact even if things had
become really toxic?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 1, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Would anyone?
I doubt very much anyone would ever want to come back to someone who is toxic
or a place in which they felt awful, except…if they were very desperate to do so.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend says he doesn’t want to have sex very often
anymore because I’m “tighter” when we wait. Isn’t this a bit
selﬁsh of him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well answers bit diﬀerent to many I read on other quesions.
In other questions women asking how they don’t want sex, and forced into it and
everyone is at it - on how it’s these women body, and how they don’t have to do
anything because it’s their body, no one entitled for sex and it’s so selﬁsh of the
guys blah blah blah.
Personally…we need to go deeper…
Maybe he has a very low sexual drive.
He’s not that into sex so he’s using that as an excuse.
Or he’s going through some stress or something is going on.
And you got a compatibility issue.
For example, there has never been a woman I have dated and been in relationship
who doesn’t love sex. We have lots of sex and yes, we’re also intimate in other
ways and I can pin lovers on wall when I fucking want. There isn’t this
“OOoh my body” and “oOOh men are this and that,.”
Nop. We tell the world to fyuck back where it came from. So for me, I don’t have
these problems but because I am very good at screening out women who are not
sexual, who sex negative, who are depressed and on tons of tablets and so many
things people just into stress and stuﬀ.
It can aﬀect the sexual drive and it can eﬀect the other person psychology
and biology too.
Right now it needs communication.
It needs more communication and not attacking each other, but rather
talking and seeing what’s going on. Talk it out in a open honest and
loving way. Avoid letting the world in because the world doesn’t give a
damn.
If it was me, I know, it’s about helping each other, ﬁnding out how to help a
woman feel comfortable and for both of us. Lots of communication, foreplay,
knowing her body and she too must take initiative knowing her body as well.
I’d see that as an incredible and exciting journey together, where you ﬁnd
solutions, explore together, get excited together, try new things, but…it doesn’t
look that way.

I have a feeling he’s got a very low sexual drive and he’s not that into sex and
probably doesn’t enjoy it either. He’s embarrassed in saying it so he tries to
blame you for it.
You may ﬁnd you have a problem with compatibility issue.
I would talk to him about solutions, see what he says and if he doesn’t seem
enthusiastic about it, then you can bank on he has low sexual drive, not into sex
and you may need to decide to ﬁnd someone who really loves to explore with you
and would love to do so because they want to, they are passionately into you and
most of all, the man has a sexual drive that satisﬁes you both.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I've dated a guy for 5 months. I told him things that may have
hurt him, and he hasn't contacted me since. I have already
apologized. It has been 2 weeks. Is it over?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’ve now learned the hard way on how words can hurt someone you but I
doubt this is the full story. This must have been going on for a while, a build up
and you probably thought of pushing even more.
People here will think he’s sensitive and stubborn but I know personally, from
real life that people rarely share all their other actions they did before the climax
in which breakup happens in a bad way or good way.
You probably been saying things here and there for months and he’s being saying
things and you didn’t listen.
Maybe even did some silent treatment and he realised..
“Fuck this. I don’t deserve this crap.”
Apologizing doesn’t mean anything except when it’s done with empathy.
This is how it’s done with empathy….
An apology mentions what you did wrong, how it hurt them, how you value the
connection and what you’re going to do to ﬁx the mess.
Then you don’t repeat it.
I doubt it was the ﬁrst time you said these words/behaviors.
Is it over?
Two weeks…probably.
You need to ask him not people here.
935 Views · View Upvoters

Would you date a taller girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Did you ever date a woman who was taller than you?

Yes. I am in relationship with lovers who are taller than me. One if 6ft1 and I also
date shorter. She’s 5ft6 and other lover is shorter, 5ft4.
I have no problems dating taller or shorter but they are conﬁdent women who
don’t have issues about their body like most would when dating guys whether
guys taller or shorter than them.

I love long smooth legs but I am also attracted to short curvaceous women too
who are slim but have curves.
Obviously I look for more, such as compatibility as well because we need to get
along as well, and values similar, must be high sexual, ﬂirtatious like myself and
with a sexy imagination that doesn’t stop. They are more fun, exciting to be in
relationship with, talk with and sex is incredible.
None of bullshit “ooooh sex” kind of nonsense. Never had any issues with sex
even from day I met my lovers the ﬁrst time and nor afterwards. I’m very good in
choosing who to date and be with. Got very tight screening process and I am
direct on what I am looking for and want.
We have same attitude towards it and love it, and is part of our philosophy with
other things too.
I stay well away from women who project insecurities regarding certain things
and I’m not a teen anymore, so I’m not gong to comprise on these nor on
compatibility. I’m not going to hold hand a woman regarding sex and debate
about it and not interested in waiting around for catch up.
Life is short waiting around someone who is still not where I am in mindset,
attitude and life .
So they has to be more not just a woman is tall or short.
Getting a man’s attention is one thing but keeping it, is a diﬀerent matter
altogether, and not every woman is capable of doing so.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is the biggest fear of the narcissist?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does a narcissist fear the most?

That they have been exposed to all those around them, the closest of people,
friends, co-worker etc. Worse. They all believe the other person rather than the
Narcissist when seeing the documented, recorded, evidence.
They are terriﬁed of this.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What’s your everyday motivation?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Motivation can be tricky and sneaky.
You see, we are motivated by many things and sometimes you don’t know what
motivates you.
Sometimes when you do, it doesn’t last long and you’re back forcing yourself to
be inspired.
You’re always banking on ‘feeling it.’
One day a woman was watching me do my work and when I work I’m very
passionate at what I do. You’ll see many manuscripts on one table, papers
everywhere wth sketches, notes here and then, a large board with notes detailing
stories, character development, designs and many ideas, which is all about
somet8hing big I am working on and have been for years.
She asked..

“How do you get motivated for 20+ years over all this? I can’t even stay motivated to
go to gym for two weeks never mind years of what you’re doing?”
My answer is same with you…
I never focused on being motivated.
I focused on getting discipline to achieve a goal.
I knew what I wanted. I knew what it looks like and I knew it would take
discipline and..discipline to me is the talent.
Talent isn’t what you see me do - sketching, painting, designing, producing,
writing, music, beats and songs.
It is the ability to learn to be disciplined at a specialized knowledge and skill, in
which you have gone over that learning curve, now mastered it, focused in that
moment of doing, that hours can ﬂy and it seems like minutes to achieve the goal.
You are striving to that point called talent because you know when you get to that
place, it be easier to do something at that level but for now there is this learning
curve to get there.
This ‘potential’ is in everyone but notice the word = potential.
It is only a potential.
You have to sow the seed and make it become far more and into a discipline that
creates results for your life.
So for me, I don’t look at it as forcing myself to be motivated and inspired.
I can be inspired one day and not for weeks.
I can be happy one moment and very sad an hour later.
I can feel loved one day and not the other. I can be certain one day and
doubt the day later.
I can feel energetic one week and a month later tired.
I can feel hopeful but then disheartened because I was not at that place
to create to a certain standard
Emotions will go up and down, up and down. It’s human nature and we can
inﬂuenced by unseen matters too.
But we can be disciplined!
We can do when we don’t feel like.
We can approach whatever I desire even when fear is there.
We can ﬁnd another way if one way doesn’t work
We can ﬁnd someone who has done it before to ﬁgure out what is missing
to get there faster. It’s far smarter having a mentor and coach who has
already been there. It reduces a lot of mistakes, failures and also
mistakes that can set you back for years, ﬁnancially, emotionally and
psychologically.
We can get up in the early hours of morning before birds sing everyday
and keep doing my work.
We can learn the process, step by step, unravel it into a structure and
then learn each phase, then apply, and master it through discipline.
We can create habits that propels me forward through a space of time
and consistency.

We can master ourselves and create our own environment to be able to
get up and do immediately. Everything is there, tools, the space and it
then needs us to apply ourselves even when we don’t feel like. It makes it
easier for us.
We can shut noise out and be more productive in our time so we can get
to that place called - talent.
I only know the discipline gets me to a place of mastering a knowledge and skill,
which now helps me solve the problem and gets me the result.
So I practice delayed gratiﬁcation instead of fantasizing or looking for some
magic bullet..
Most want it now.
They look for some secret.
They want to be inspired always and motivated.
They think it’s easy and hard is boring
I know the Law of Potentiality and it needs Discipline.
That potential is in everyone but everyone isn’t going to develop the Law Of
Potentiality. Most people will ask questions, over think and then ask the same
questions in a diﬀerent way to procrastinate.
I cannot be motivated everyday, inspired everyday, feel happy everyday but I can
do what everyone can do.
I can strive to be disciplined and do it… even when I do not feel like doing it.
That for me is a talent.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Does money matter in life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes and I’ll share with you a wisdom I learned early enough.
1. If you have a lot of money, you have more time to do whatever.
2. If you do not have that money, you then have little time and have to work
to make money
But if you are smart, you wll master what so many don’t…
Here is it…
It is not how much you make but rather…how much you keep from what you
make, and keep it growing with least eﬀort.
Now you will have time and money working for you ;)
And blessed is the one who makes tons of wealth or inherits but does not show it
oﬀ. They are of the wise and ones to admire for their awesome humility.
905 Views · View Upvoters

How do I show my gf that I love her? I'm not an emotional type
of guy and I don't want to appear weak.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I love someone. let’s say dating, relationship, I use balance. Words but
followed by action. Much of it though is action, and I don’t care about it

appearing weak. I know I’m a fucking badass.
That’s all in your head.
The actions I do will be diﬀerent to yours. It depends what is important to your
lover. So take this as just a guide…but they too need to show love. It’s not one
sided and I don’t believe in “love is about sacriﬁces and chasing someone.”
Balance must be there…
1. I ask a lot of questions about their life and I ﬁnd what’s important to my
lovers.
2. I communicate a lot texting if long distance. I create videos about us. I
send poetry. This is when in relationship not before.
3. I ask about her day, her life, and I ﬁnd out what she’s into and the
incorporate it in some art, music. I am creative so I create and send it.
These two take a lot of work, and sometimes I may need t learn a skill to
do something.
4. If I am deep in love with her, I sexualise a lot. That is a big sign, huge that
I am in love with her deeply because I am comfortable with her, be able
to be myself and a woman who celebrates me being myself, who is also
secure, conﬁdent in herself to sexualise back, ﬂirt, the way I do and not
start acting all insecure about it, is a woman who has ﬁgured out the
secret - that my core being is sexual, it is my emotional language.I don't
sexualise to every women at this deep level but when I do, that says to
her..
“I am deep in love with you and I am trusting you so big in doing this,
and it’s a trust. So be careful you do not throw it back at my face. Very
careful. Do not avoid it like you thnk I’m stupid. You avoid, it will tell me
you do not trust me, your insecurities mean more to you than growing
together openly..”
So to a woman I am in love with, I am not serious tone, but fun, open,
vulnerable, sexualisation, ﬂirting and it excites her, it arouses her that
her lover shows he desires her and tells her what he love to do to her and
with her, and she reciprocates the same and even more and challenges
me. So I give on that too, showing I desire also sexually, complimenting
her body, her looks, always but in action too and in many ways, in which
she feels so comfortable in her body but…she will already have high
sexual intelligence and sexual conﬁdence the way I am. I’d never be in
relationship with a woman who is not.
5. I take her out if local. I show her my friends and people I know. I can’t
with relatives, like parents. They are gone and my bros and sisters are
scattered all over the world, so it’s not easy but…I show her what I can
and let people know, she’s my lover, girlfriend. She then meets new
people, she can make new friends if she wants, with the women and
guys. Cool by me. I just want to enrich my lovers life.
6. I remember things like what she likes to eat and I learn to master it. I love
cooking and it’;s fresh, healthy. If long distance, I remember all by
writ8ing a journal and sketches, so when we meet, I can do all the things
my lovers into and experience their world.
7. I make life easier for my lover on small things to big things, like I don’t
believe men don’t clean and do dishes. I brought myself up and so I am
very good cook and disciplined, tidy - and do these anyway but if your
lover lives with you, make it easier on them as they do too. Do surprises,
like awesome meals.

8. Also if lovers stay with me and going to work next day, I make food for
their lunch, like their fav sandwhiches or hot food they can later heat up
at work somehow.
9. I also compliment a lot, tell my lovers how sexy, hot they are, they go ﬁne
ass, body and also compliment on traits, and things I see them do, and
good at.
10. I am also there giving encouragement about her life, career, goals and if I
can see I can help, then I will if she wants it. So I got vast knowledge and
specialised skills in many areas that helps to increase income,
opportunities in life, career and even in dating.
So most of it if not lot of it is based on actions not merely just words. If I say words
it’s heavy for me, it’s not easy to share my feelings so when I do, it is a big deal. It’s
not to be taken lightly.
I use actions a lot.
Consistency is very important as well.
I look for that in the woman too which is why next one is important..
But if someone takes you for granted, communicate and if they won’t bother
cleaning up their mess, if there is a shift in behaviour, listen to your gut…. time to
take it all away and I do….to move on.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell if a girl is ﬂirting with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you know if a woman is ﬂirting with you?

I would never look at hints. Here’s why..
Women who ﬂirt..
1. Do so for fun
2. Can do it out of boredom
3. Do it for attention seeking to see if they still got it to get a man’s
attention. Like they are training for future with other guys
4. Can do it due to being nervous to get rid of awkwardness
5. Can ﬂirt because they are into the guy
You’ll not know which one and only someone who fears rejection is going to over
think and not lead.
Too many people ﬂirt for nothing but validation, because it feels good but they
won’t do the hard step and ask a person out.
So it’s not a matter who ﬂirts best.
It’s who has the more guts and take risk to ask the person out. I take risks and it is
this reason alone, nothing else, nothing more why I get what I want in the end.
Maybe not from woman I want but along the lines, as I continue I always get a
YES from a woman I want who is someone diﬀerent I met somewhere else,.
And always, there be some guys who wanted to ask them out but never did and
have been waited for years, so I come along and she says Yes.
If no, it doesn’t matter.

You see, it’s not about the woman. It’s not about getting dates. It’s not about all
that most worry about.
For me it is always about being stronger, always go for what you want, never wait
or you become like most people - hesitant because they themselves feel unworthy
for whatever they want and unworthy as well when they get a no, they still chase
the person while I’ve moved on very fast and already in same week would have
approached someone else.
You will not get good at this or grow if you over think too much.
You need to take many approaches, take many risks in asking diﬀerent women
out, to learn, to ﬁgure out yourself, why are you hesitant and to be able to do this
on then ﬂy.
To get to that level you got to do a lot of approaches and that means you got to get
rid of these kind of mindset..
1. That every woman is the one.
2. That soul mate is destined and every woman is a soul mate
3. That if you say this or do this, you will lose the woman
4. You need to unplug yourself from the bullshit and have abundance
mentality
5. There is no “the one.” There is no “soul mate.” There is nurturing, and
building a connection after you shown intent and it’s a yes, for her to be
special, to be the one, the soul mate. These are not found. These are
nurtured, developed over the years through tears, sometimes pain,
sometimes doubt but also a lot of love between you both. You grow
together and not just become lovers but also best of friends, who will
ﬁght against world and solve problems and you are amazingly
compatible with each other.
For you to be ready to learn so much, to give that future relationship or
relationships a higher success rate, you must have experience much, gained lots
of knowledge, specialised knowledge and specialised skill in many areas of
attraction, conversation, maintaining relationship and even ovefcoming your
own insecurities and fears.
If you do not take action, you will be in your 40s and like a child, immature,
uncertain, and oblivious to all the traps and red ﬂags and make so many mistakes
which you could have foreseen but haven’t and it changes you to what you do not
want to be. Bitter person and pessimistic.
But if you take action now, when it’s time, you will have all the knowledge, skill,
experience and wisdom most never attain.
I am not in multiple relationsips and been in them for over 18 hears because of
luck. You don’t get to that level by sitting around over thinking and being an
observer of life.
When you get to this point, all these questions doesn’t mean anything
except you over think due to fear of rejection which comes from this feeling
of ego, trying to control the outcome.
Why would anyone try to control an outcome?
To avoid pain but it doesn’t need to be painful when you change the way you see
things and see it all as a learning process.
Too many people when they want to do something they are so ill prepared and
expect all answers to happen in that moment but never did the work, never grew,

and so they will always stay in that same stuck place, asking the same questions
in a diﬀerent way, over and over again.
12.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by ROBERT VOLK

Why would a man act like he doesn't like me when I have been
told he does? Also, why do I like him back when I know I would
rather be with someone who can be honest with their feelings
toward me? (I am just looking for some opinions, I suppose)
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 7, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You’re not honest about your feelings towards him. You have said sod all
to him but played maybe some hints
2. He didn’t tell you anything. Other people told you
3. In other words, what you judge him by is what you are doing yourself to
him. I won’t be surprised he knows fuck all about your feelings in which
you verbally, face to face, said it clearly without the bullshit most women
do playing all that mysterious hint nonsense for a man to have to know
Morse Code.
This is what most women go through, predictable..
1. You see a guy and click
2. You then start dreaming a hollywood/bollywood movie in your head
3. You start seeing all the good of what can happen
4. You start thinking dating, relationship, and insecurities about sex,
babies, marriage, house, white picket fence. The whole lot
5. You feel the tingle
6. Then when you don’t get validated you start to get stroppy
7. You start to rationalise because the fear of rejection is so big for you and
so you self sabotage.
8. Instead of open communication, you play games, talk about ex’s, talk
about crushes, pimping your self image or asking dumb questions like..
“do you like me?”
9. You do the Psychological trigger games and call it “I am screen men out
to ﬁnd the right one,” but really it’s all ego. Most women who do this
don’t give a damn about dating, are on dating websites too and dong it
all for validation.
10. You start blaming the guy
11. You start judging the guy
12. You start blaming the guy for your own feelings toward the guy
13. Then you go oﬀ judging him for not noticing your feelings….that you…
hide
14. You expect him to know and do so by reading your mind
15. It all goes downhill from then on because you start to hate him
16. Then you grow to like him
17. Then you don’t know what the fuck you’re feeling
18. Then you get confused about what it is you’re feeling
19. Afterwards you see him and think…

“Huh? He must be an asshole. A player. Jerk. Creep. Look what he’s doing
to me. Not even noticing me.”
20. Then a friend tells you her boyfriend just wants sex and he is cheating
and now….you start to project this on this guy you like and start judging
him even more. You got inﬂuenced by your friends drama life and you let
the world inside your head.
21. It becomes stressful
22. So you quit, give up and your self esteem hit zero
23. You then say,
“OOooh, I can do better than him anyway. I’ve moved on. Who does he
think he is? He’s such a jerk! A player!”
24. But really deep inside you are craving for his attention, you desire him
you want to feel loved by him, you want him but your ego is getting in
the way. your fears, your insecurities and all that is inside you before you
ever knew this guy and all of it messes it all up for you.
25. You do that probably every damn time you see him and it happens in
seconds and all…in…your head.
So cut that out and…talk to hm and say it to him.
Change the stories, the movies in your head, the script as it has never helped you
get what you want.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my girlfriend still has strong emotional
feelings for her ex but she and I are too far along in the
relationship for her to leave me?

 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-P1zxu3QiyjPIw5C2JoOnjB0SV2vKHltvD3X0Nty2Xo
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The relationship is over. I won’t be surprised she is still in contact with him
either. In time she will go back to him but for now, know you’re just being used as
nothing more than emotional resources, and someone to bitch and vomit her sad
stories to like a victim when she is no victim.
You best end it and tell her to go fucking back to her ex.
That you’re moving on.
Shut that door tight, don’t let her come back and spend time healing, focus on
having fun and never, ever, date a girl who keeps talking about how she so into
her ex. Dump their asses immediately or if you ﬁnd out before dating, ﬁlter such
women out immediately.
They are the types who will go back to ex, fuck and then say..
“OOoh I don’t know why I did it. He called me and I went and we fucked”
They know why.
It’s end of the line for this relationship.
It does nothing but clutter your life with stress and mess.
She so into ex, no problem, fuck oﬀ back to him then. She’s only with you right
now as a standby but she’ll be back in a ﬂash with her ex moment you break up.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Steven Gomez

What's the worst thing to say to a narcissist?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 5, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The worst.
1. Return their silence treatment with complete shut down for life.
2. Block on phone
3. Block on all social media channels
4. Don’t reply to their empty apologies
5. Nor take notice of games like triggering likes or votes on your stuﬀ
6. Completely never say anything to them again.
7. Go and live your life and you’ll see there are far more hotter, gorgeous,
sexier, loving, kinder, empathetic women out there.
That’s it really for the attention seekers and that is all it is, attention seeking.
Power is in the attention.
Don’t give it to them.
Complete annihilation. Shut down.
Nothingness.
4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says "it's not you, it's me"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. It is you
2. She’s not attracted to you in that way
3. She thinks you’re just a nice guy
4. You’re not exciting for her
5. You don’t turn her on
6. She cannot ever see herself with you, sexually and romantically
She is saying that to avoid conﬂict and awkwardness but it is…about you but in a
way as she doesn’t feel chemistry with you.
Not that there’s anything wrong with you. You can’t force attraction and well,
most guys behaviour doesn’t make it attractive but boring.
It’s rejection in a nice way to avoid any
“You bitch! Who you think you are huh? Better than me Huh? You bitch.”
She’s trying to avoid that.
So forget what it means.
She’s shown her intent. Move on.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Josh Stone

I’ve had a crush on a guy for 5 months, and he’s really shy. I only
see him on Mondays. How do I make a move?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Monday

2. Flirt
3. See if mutual attraction is there
4. And hit home run right there and then, suggest to go out together.
5. Make sure you exchange phone numbers
6. Make sure you set a date and time
7. Make sure you text to lead up so your comfortable with each other
8. Make sure a few phone calls before you meet up
9. Be fun, don’t be serious, relax, and make him feel like he can be himself
with you.
Do it this Monday coming and don’t say
“OOoh maybe not this monday.”
No, do it this Monday coming and get it over with.
Good luck and if nothing happens, you GREW!
That’s what it is always about in life. Not the guy. Not the girl. Not this job or that
job, but rather…you made a move and each time you do…you learn more of
yourself, you become more courageous, you learn far more than anyone who
hesitates and who fumbles waiting around for things to happen.
Monday, get ready, pull all the stops on that day.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michelle Andrade

What are the tactful and polite ways to tell a guy that you do not
want sex with him unless he truly loves you and cares for you
for life?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Love you for life…forever..”
No one can promise that for life.
If he’s got his head screwed right he’ll run fast and as far as he can. The days of
princess stories are over.
You’re chasing a unicorn with this “and they lived happy ever after.”
You cannot even promise this.
If any woman promises me this, I know for a fact she’s immature, has no clue
about human nature and does not understand that even she can change.
You believe that?
1. Contract. Write down you will be with him forever, and love him forever.
If you fail to do so, any cheating, aﬀairs, or any games regarding sex, you
forfeit all your assets and 30% of your income goes to him after divorce
for the rest of his life.
You won’t do it because you know the reality of life.
If you look at marriage, it is a contract, legal binding and there are many who
make tons of money from…divorces.
People stand and swear oaths for better and worse, and when worse happens,
they crumble.

You and any woman and man cannot promise “forever.” You play with sex before
relationship and you play it in relationship like some weapon.
For all he knows, you got low sex drive. For all he knows, you’re shit at sex. For all
he knows you will play sex later on as a game in relationship and when and if it all
goes wrong….
You’ll use this against him..
“But you PROMISED me for life!”
You can say..
“But that means he doesn’t trust me and love me.”
He can say same about you too.
You don’t trust him and love him. After all, you’re saying that if he has sex with
you before marriage then he’ll disappear and…sex is all he sees in you.
You call this trust?
You can’t expect to ask for something you are unwilling to give.
Marriage is serious business. It’s legal. It’s a contract.
It can be hell for a man and sweet ride for a woman in courts where she promises
life and now she wants all his assets, his house,his car and money for children
and she don’t even have to work and money rolling in or if she does work, money
still rolling in as man is fucked from every angle possible
I hope many men read this.
If a woman says these words to you and uses sex, in regards to marriage and talks
like that…get it down on contract that if she fucks up, she foreﬁts ALL her assets
and ongoing income ﬂows to you for rest of your life and if she breaks that
contract afterwards, hammer her with another clause in contract.
LAWYER UP because the system is not going to be there for most of you men
except if you got lots of money and a hot shot lawyer.
Just say to the guy…
“I believe in marriage before sex.”
That is it. You cannot live up to the promise “for life.”
There is no tactful way to say you don’t trust someone and sex to you is weapon
and prize.
854 Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys hate being called nice? I told a certain guy
he's kind and nice but he strongly disagreed with me and said
there are many guys nicer than him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called “humility.”
It is..
1. the quality of having a modest
2. or low view of one's importance.
That’s a very good quality in a man and you’re seeing it as negative.

‘Let him bathe in the light of humility for such men walk amongst kings and men of
valor. They are the prince of light and the enemy of all the dark forces of our own
ego.’
Second…notice something…
He’s into you!
The guy is attracted to you so say something else than…
“Oh you’re nice and kind,” that says you’re attracted to him.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Maurabie Mendoza

Is it okay to ask my boyfriend how much he thinks about me?
How do I ask him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about ok or not.
You can do better to get what you want.
If you want more time, then say so and how. If you want more aﬀection, say so
and how. You communicate like an adult and keep away from this conversation
games.
Here’s some you stay way from saying..
“How much do you love me.”
“What is it you like about me.”
“What is it do you love about me.”
Stay away from these question and ask for what you want. It will enrich your
relationship.
If you want more of something, ask for it politely.
Avoid conversation games.
It doesn’t do much good for relationships.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I loved and decided to get married to, fell for some
other guy. After a few months she came back in my life but kept
telling me that she is confused between me and that guy. She is
still in constant contact with the guy. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You always look at the frequency tension whenever you’re attracted to someone.
That’s what a mature man does. He looks at the level of frequency tension and it
goes like this.
Low frequency..
1. She’s single
2. She’s is compatible to you
3. She shows same passion of interest to you
4. But…she is two cities away <<<<< the frequency tension.
Lower frequency tension
1. She’s single

2. She’s compatible with you
3. She shows same passion of interest in you
4. She said yes but can you wait for two days to ﬁnish her exam to meet as
her head is pounding with exams but she’s very attracted to you <<< low
frequency tension
High Frequency Tension
1. She immediately says she doesn’t like sex
2. She lied and told you all she said about herself is lies
3. She says she’s sorry
4. She says she attracts jerks in her life
5. She up to her eyeballs with depression tablets and she is not sexual and
has very low, libido. You are high sexual. Not compatible
6. She lied about where she is - country, i.e. she’s an attention seeker who
ghosts. Red ﬂags are there
7. Her Facebook page is also lies, her pininterest too and her quora and any
other social media accounts.
8. It’s obvious. She does not message you using phone. Makes excuses she
needs to buy chip for phone.
High Frequency
1. She says she’s not sexual at all but knows you are
2. She wants to ﬁx and change you. See number 1
3. Her past relationships were very negative
4. She attracts jerks in her life
5. She says she doesn’t know what she wants
6. She avoids ﬂirting when you do.
7. She’s not poly and yet knows you are
Higher frequency
1. She’s married
2. She’s confused
3. She says she loves you but confused
You know the frequency tension and yet you let her back in your life:
1. She went and married someone else. That alone should shut you door on
her for good!
2. Triangle aﬀair ﬁlled with lots of mess
3. She had her fun and marriage is not exciting enough
4. She is showing she is a drama queen
5. She is showing immaturity
6. She is showing a PATTERN that won’t stop and you are also showing a
pattern of attracting such women too. Think why. Look at your own
mind and life.
7. She WILL go back to her husband and even if she doesn’t, it is evident
she is trouble and too much hassle.
Decision…

Stop thinking with your dick and emotions, and move on.
Stop her games and tell her straight to go fucking back to her husband or move on
her life elsewhere.
And you move on too and set boundaries, and learn to screen women in and out.
Know what you want and what you don’t want from day one.
Know the frequency tension you do not want in your life and which is just too
much and full of baggage, and problems.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Keevin Tamplin

I told him I like him so many times, why does he not say it back
but only just send me emojis?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s two women who text me. Guess which one I responded to and in
relationship with?
1. Hey, I really like you. I feel I can be myself with you. You’re not going to
judge any woman about being sexual like most do at my uni.
2. Hey, I’m a bit nervous but I enjoyed the party so much when you
appeared, got all women dancing and even kissing each other. OMG how
do you do it. I want a man like you in my life and I hope that didn’t sound
weird or creepy but I am hoping you’re conﬁdent not like most men and I
saw that at the party. I like to meet you, not platonic but I really want to
get to know you more. I’m high sexual too, I’m not monogamous and
very submissive, slave attitude but only for a guy I am really into and I
feel I can be with you.
I responded to number 2.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken
place - George Bernard Shaw
Communicate what you want clearly.
Saying to someone you like them doesn’t mean anything.
Be clear and if after being clear the guy doesn’t take action, then move on. He just
wants attention, validation and nothing else.
He has shown his intent that he’s not interested in you in that way.
Saying to a guy you like them is seen as a trap, but if you say it clearly on how you
like them and what you want to happen, then the guy doesn’t see a trap but sees
your honesty and what you want.
He now can reply honestly because he knows what the question really is. It’s
very clear. It’s not a conversation game where he has to wonder what do you
mean about “like.” He doesn’t need to guess. He knows why because you
said it clearly to him and now he can say yes or no and knows what he is
saying yes or no to.
Now he’s got to reply and if he doesn’t, you have taken control to move on
because you’re not wasting your time on guys who just want attention.
You want a guy who is passionate about dating you the same way you are
passionate about him.
And if it’s just wanting to be friends, say that but know, being a friend and then
moving to be a girlfriend is very hard.

It’s best to focus on goal at hand and get on with it.
Yes or No.
That is all you need to know.
Anything else is just game.
34.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop being so sexual? It has gotten to the point that
boys avoid me and I've missed out on a chance to be friends
with a boy I like.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re hanging on wrong pitiful fuck up crowd of people. You didn’t lose a friend,
That person lost you. Remember that and remember sex is not a crime nor is
ﬂirting.
Stay sexual. It’s your emotional language. That’s who you are.
You stay as you are and this time just do following…
1. Do not give attention for some fucking loser of a guy. The one who judges
you. That person you call friend…fuck them.
You only give to a guy who is…sexual with you. Let him work his ass oﬀ
showing he’s ﬂirtatious and if he is, ﬂirt back. Keep it balanced. Don’t
throw yourself for stuck up pricks in school, college, uni or in life general
and don;t listen to any telling you something wrong with you. Nothing
wrong with you.
2. If someone doesn’t want to be a friend, because of who you are, then fuck
them. They can leave and it is they who lose your companionship not the
other way round.
I never switched oﬀ my sexual desire and if I ﬁnd woman acting judgemental,
good for them. I told them to go and fuck themselves and I never saw it I lost
anyone or anything. I saw it as always their loss.
And this has never stopped me making tons of friends, many and also women to
date, have sex, relationship with.
You need to stay as you are and attract people who love who you are, excited by
who you are and desire to be with you, without them wanting to ﬁx and change
you.
So don’t go oﬀ changing for world. Moment you do and switch oﬀ, you will ﬁnd it
hard to switch it on again. It’s called being damaged, socially conditioned and
conﬁrming to society pea size brains. It gets your whole body to start thinking
that way and soon, your psychology gets fucked up as well.
Instead you need to give the sexual vibe to the gutsy guy, the guy who doesn’t
judge and who is sexual like yourself, who ﬂirts with you.
Flirting is not a crime. Sex is not a crime.
Society likes to make you think so.
Find people who similar in your values because right now you’re making friends
with people who are making you feel insecure about your sexuality, your high
sexual intelligence, your sexual conﬁdence… like who you are is a crime, and
such people don’t deserve to be in your life.

Don’t fake anything. Don’t start changing who you are for people. You’ll lose
yourself and become unhappy.
There is nothing wrong with you. Nothing.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What would you suggest I engrave on a watch as a gift to my
boyfriend? I was thinking something like “Don’t forget” plus
the date of when we ﬁrst met. Any ideas?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t put “don’t forget.” Let’s do away with games and manipulation. You’re
giving him a gift, not manipulating his emotions.
So you put on that engraving something about the quality you like about him. Or
something funny he always says to make him smile.
It’s a gift not something to use as a manipulation tactic.
Make the gift about him.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Daniel Edgar

Why would a guy talk a lot with the girl he loves but never tell
her about his love? She talks to him with passion and she
almost shows him some love.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no “almost.”
You want the guy to know you’re attracted to him, get rid of “almost” and say it.
Just because a guy talks, have fun with women doesn’t mean he is attracted to
them or loves them.
You’re over-thinking.
You women see love in diﬀerent way we men see it. You think guys who spend
time with women, having fun and you call it love. Too much hollywood movies,
bollywood and romance novels.
You want someone, say so. Almost never cuts it.
That’s the reality.
Almost = someone playing games, hints, due to fear of rejection and cannot be
authentic and transparent in their feelings for a guy and say it out loud to him
without the damn hints and being all ambiguous.
There is no almost in attraction/
There is clarity. You say it. You be vulnerable and show it by clear words or you’re
wasting your time.
11 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl holds your hand, hugs you all the time and also does
other things such as saying you're adorable, does she like you?
We're both girls, she has a boyfriend either way, but she is bi
curious. She could also just be a really touchy friend.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No.

I know girls who kiss each other, hug, embrace, do all kinds of shit but when party
is over, or when they are going home, it is nothing but girls showing intimacy,
aﬀection for each other.
Girls even sit on each other’s lap, twirl each others hair, and even say
“I love you.”
That doesn’t mean “I am so into you sexually and romantically. I want to eat your
pussy so bad, right now..”
I’ve seen many women do that, acting aﬀectionate with it other but you have to
be careful thinking it’s sexual and romantic.
You have to be careful with your own imagination and over thinking.
You need to ask her out, you need to show intent and then you’ll know.
That is why as a man, I never look for hints with women.
I ensure I show intent directly or they can fuck people’s head up. Play about
ﬂirting for no reason but for fun or boredom.
6 Views · View Upvoters

Tonight will be my last shot. The girl I love told me she
preferred her other dates. She prefers their company more.
Because she feels safer and laughs more. We are going to a
carnival tonight. What should I do to reignite the interest she
once had?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ignite her interest?
Some guys got to learn the fucking hard way. Why would you even think of
spending anytime with her if she doesn’t show passion in being with you?
She must be loving playing with you and using you to boost her self esteem. She
discarded you, she told you she prefers others, she tells you she is not safe with
you, and STILL you take her out to a Carnival.
You got oneitis bad, real bad.
Get that pedestal crashing down and move on.
She doesn’t give a fuck about you. You’re her self esteem booster. You don’t
emotionally invest more time on girls like that, who talk shit to you, telling you
all that and you go oﬀ still chasing her, trying to impress her.
Where’s your self respect?
Move on because everything you do she won’t be happy but use you for nothing
more to feel like she got another guy around her ﬁnger.
Move on.
Totally disengage, block her from your phone, all social media and move on to
approach other girls instead.
There is no attraction in this and there never will be only to use you to take her
out, spend on her and she’ll bitch and complain about it too.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

My ex girlfriend broke up with me and has met someone new.
When we meet and talk she gets tears in her eyes and almost

starts to cry. Why is this? It hurts me when I see it because I feel
I can't comfort her.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like I answered other question that’s similar, and it might be you adding
question again because you’re looking for “hope.”
She’s drama. That is all she is. She loves drama.
Likes to “feel special” got a man round her ﬁnger. Now move on and don’t fall for
the crocodile bullshit tears or she’ll hand your ass back to you and you’ll back her
like most passive aggressive guys..
“OOoh she used me.”
Move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you have severe trust issues and your
boyfriend professes his love for you, how do you trust what he's
saying to be true, he's not sure what else to do to prove his love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The trust issue is your problem.
Go and see a therapist because I be frank with you. If I had a girlfriend talking like
that, we’d be done. I’d break up wth her and fuck to all this “prove my love.”
Stop reading romance novels and Hollywood bollywood movies.
This is called “I want to feel special syndrome.”
Time to grow up from the fairy tale. Cracks are now showing and it is you who is
making the problem in your relationship with “proving love.”
You don’t prove love. That’s why it’s called a “trust.”
You trust the person or you’ll ﬁnd yourself being dumped again and again by men
for your own issues.
Go and see a therapist and sort your own issues out.
958 Views · View Upvoters

What if a guy makes his girlfriend choose him over her
ambitions?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Manipulative and possessive.
Big massive red ﬂags.
I personally, be happy to see my lovers go for their ambitions, dreams. I’d even
ﬁnd a way to make it easier and help.
When you have to make anyone choose, over you or ambitions, then you are
really being possessive, and do not really understand that it is far better to be
with someone compatible not try and ﬁx and change them.
You want your lover to grow, be happy and really, you want to ﬁnd out what their
goals and dreams are and if you can help, that’s a bonus.
But to prevent your lover to do that and even get them to choose is really
manipulation and it’s toxic for the relationship.

949 Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever befriended someone because they were good
looking but you did not like their personality?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She was physically attractive, everything was going well, until one day, she saw
some girls who were attractive too, dressed in sexy way and commented, called
them sluts.
I dumped her right there and then, in middle of city centre,
Just said to her, we’re not compatible because sexual intelligence is way at top of
my list and sexual conﬁdence, and most of all, as a woman she should have
known better to not slur other women.
I really hate that part of some people. It is disgusting. Turns me oﬀ immediately
because it says a lot about someone’s belief system. I’d hoped she’d be someone
who will inspire women to be sexually conﬁdent not bring them down.
I wish I didn’t fucking meet her because for next 10 weeks, all I got was lots of
messages apologising, and I kept telling her we’re done until I had to block her on
everything.
Sad really.
I really liked her art and music, writer, very talented and sex with her was
amazing too, and was very aﬀectionate as well. These are big on my list when
wanting to be in relationship with a woman, as I am an artist myself and I could
see we could talk about these things and even do things together that we are both
into.
But moment she said that, attraction for me went from 100% to zero. Pﬀ, just like
that, gone, and all I saw was ugliness.
Not all physically attractive women like that but my luck, when all went well, she
had to open her mouth saying that which revealed somethings of her personality
she hasn’t shown yet.
14.3k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when your boyfriends mother straight up tells
you he will eventually cheat on you, do you believe her or wait
and see if it happens or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She could be a Narcissist who sees her son as not a son but as her toys, secret
lover, and so she gets very jelous in her delusional mind and tries to do tactics
like this.
Or she can be a mother who seen her son cheat many a times and so she is
warning you.
Personally, I have no respect for any parent getting in their son’s/daughters
relationship.
But this tells me more about you…
What concerns me more, is you do not trust your boyfriend or you would have
brushed it oﬀ. The relationship is already showing cracks even without the
mother not minding her own business.
892 Views · View Upvoters

What does learning "the hard way" mean?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Dec 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, though they can avoid so many mistakes, so much failures, so much
hurt and pain; they are unwilling to let go of the fears, their shame, their ego,
their psychological script, that story that swims in their mind in which they
rationalise it is because of X when really the truth is Y.
But they cannot embrace the reality of the Y because to do so, they have to let go
of this victim mentality, the comfort zone, the predictable story and pain is
predictable, acting and role playing the victim is easy, being in the comfort zone
is easy, manipulating others and lying to themselves and even the community at
large so they can get validation, so they can get a response, so they can feel
special, so they can ﬁll in that void that cannot be ﬁlled with wearing a mask is
nothing but lies after lies they tell themselves.
So they must then lose many lovers, lose many friends, isolate themselves in
their own hell and their fucking bullshit stories, and they may con those around
them; they may con the facebook followers, the quora followers, the twitter
followers, and they may lie in the face of their own mothers, own fathers, and
even the closest of their friends as they stab themselves in then back and walk on
people like they are corpses, deluded they are the victim, but continue to do the
same act, playing the same game until there comes a time, in which they look in
the mirror and see their ugliness, see all that was and has become was their own
doing and now the pain is so unbearable they have to change,
They walked on the path of fools not wisdom.
They walked on the path in which they wasted years of their lives and learned the
hard way.
There is no glory, there is no praise, there is no winner or loser in the hard way.
There is only regret and so many years gone, their youthful years, the memories
of the one who got away due to feed their emotions instant gratiﬁcation rather
enduring to grow, to learn and be enjoy the process.
They learn the hard because they are unteachable and even not worthy of love
because they do not love themselves, - so they are not ready.
That is why it is said..
“When the student is ready - the teacher shall appear.”
The teacher is themselves!
As Galileo once wrote..
You cannot teach a man anything. You can only help him discover it within
himself.”
That is so with all, man and woman.
So when I say it, I am saying…
“You are not ready. You do not respect the value of knowledge, time, eﬀort or love
and think you know it all. You love playing the victim, complaining, whining. You
want to self sabotage a good thing. That is what you wanted all along and that is
why you are where you are today. I will not teach you, coach you, date you, be in
relationship with you. You will learn the hard way on what has come is very rare
and you shall not realise it so, until it is gone. Learn then, the hard way.”
2.7k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Apparently I’m intimidating. What do people mean by that?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 8, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Lingo = intimidating
Reality = unapproachable and shit at social skills. Negative vibe.
And if a woman has hot looks and intimidating still, then I guarantee she is
waiting…waiting…waiting like a princess.
How about stop being a princess and initiate yourself.
What’s up?
Do guys intimidate you?
See how that plays.
Most talk about intelligence and so they be trying talking science, history, stock
market because…
“I want to show I am more than beauty.”
I can talk science, history, and all that shit. My family make tons from stock
market, business etc but…I don’t need to talk that because dating isn’t a
competition. It’s not like most women on dating website who literally, yes
literally mention”I’m a feminist” and say “it’s because of psychological trigger to
screen out men,” and they love arguing with men but then wonder why are they
single for 5 years.
People like to also date people they like, who they feel comfortable with, who isn’t
competing with them, who brings a positive fun vibe, a vibe that’s relaxing.
But what most people do is the lobe to put themselves on pedestals saying they
are this and that but really, they themselves are insecure to do even the simple
suﬀ.
All for what?
To make the outcome happen, that predictable outcome so they can go oﬀ saying
they are intimidating, that men/woman don’t want them only for their body, sex,
for this and that.
They don’t think how these go a long way…
1. Smile
2. Walk up and say hi
3. Engage/converse
4. Bring a positive vibe
Dating is suppose to be fun, relaxed, exciting and not some deliberate game to
intimidate in any shape and form.
So why don’t they do it to be vulnerable, to open up, be honest and authentic.
Because?
Fear of rejection.
You’re not intimidating.
You didn’t do any of these steps.
You’re unapproachable, low on social skills and lack of understanding of social
dynamics and what guy’s go through.

The world is full of bullshit, social conditioning, fears of rejection and you think
it’s all about you.
No, it’s all in the guy’s head on how if he did he probably get called a creep,
probably get sexual harassment charges and you don’t make it obvious, you
don’;t show the guy you’re interested, you do fuck all.
You got to show it’s safe to approach you.
Guys need to know that if they come close to your proximity they are not going to
be judged, called players, creeps and get harassment charges.
It is dangerous now for men to even try and so they got to be very skilled to know
how to and even then, they are cautious of any game some women tries on to
cause them problems.
Intimidated my ass.
I ﬁnd most hot women insecure as hell. You’re all in your head and then say it’s
due to guys being intimidated.
You wear a frown on your face, you don’t smile, you use hints like walls that no
one can even get through or understand, and then call it “I am intimidating.”
Being awkward isn’t approachable.
Not smiling isn’t approachable.
Not being sociable isn’t approachable
Not going to a guy and saying “hey, where you from,” and “OOoh that’s so
cool, I am from,” isn’t approachable.
You got to show to guys that you are approachable, you’re interested, you haven’t
got a boyfriend, you are available. That you are safe and not some psycho wanting
attention to cause trouble for guys. Or a woman who doesn’t want to be
approached.
Most of women project out there shows..
“I don’t want to be approached.”
But inside your head..
“I want to be approached!”
‘Want’ and actually behaving in a way so guys can at least know they are not
going to get back clash because of it needs to be shown in your behaviour, in your
expressions and in your vibe.
Or it’s not going to happen.
Sort your face out, smile, and wave and watch how the guys come to you. There’s
a lot of fear in society for guys these days. It’s not all about you.
You’re unapproachable.
So forget calling yourself intimidating.
You don’t do half of what guys do when it comes to dating and approaching
women. Least you can do is show you are interested and show it is safe to
approach you.
Intimidating isn’t something to be proud of. It’s actually says you haven't got
much social skills and vibing some negative projection, reinforcing a perception
through your behaviour, expression and lack of action to initiate half way =
unapproachable.

Smile, wave, approach, engage, converse.
Meet the guy’s half way.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mina Akbar

Today I saw my ex, she said she loves me still, but started crying
thinking she's cheating on her new boyfriend just by seeing me
and chatting. What does this mean? What do I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, drama is in the horizon. She loves drama.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I explain feminism to a girlfriend who doesn’t want to
hear about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you believe in feminism, then walk the talk. Respect her wishes.
Like myself, I don’t want to fucking hear someone talking to me about feminism
either. I didn’t ask for it, so they can shut the fuck up about it.
Leaver her alone because all you want to do is like most, preaching and listening
to the sound of your voice.
She’s not interested in it, she doesn’t want to hear about it, so respect her wishes
and stop forcing it on her or you’re going to have one less friend, who is going to
avoid you like the plague.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why did the guy I'm seeing never ask me to be exclusive (we
have been seeing each other for almost a year, and we went on
holidays, etc.)? Should I leave him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He could say the same for you.
Why didn’t you ask him and should he leave you because you didn’t?
It’s like calling the kettle pot black.
You’re behaving in same manner and then judging someone else. Grow up and
appreciate if you want something, ask the man for it. He can’t read your mind. An
invention hasn’t yet been created to do so.
Ask him and stop lettiung the world in or you’ll destroy the relationship you got
over strangers opinion.
You ask him.
That is what mature adults do.
You want more. Then ask for more and see from there.
I’d more concerned why you have been with him for a year and you still cannot
communicate your own needs.
792 Views · View Upvoters

If your ex still calls, sends Facebook messages, Skype and texts
every day after he broke up with you, does it mean that he still

wants you back?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just ask him.
I know guys who do that with their ex’s and not interested of going back. I also
know some who do, do get back but they were smart.
The woman asked the guy and he said yes, and they are back together.
So ask him.
7 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nimmaradee Tengchee

Men: Would you kiss your girlfriend after she threw up?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if I am a dumbass.
I’d get her some tissues, and maybe get her some water, and help her out. This is
no time for fucking kissing.
She needs comfort, some help. She might also be embarrassed for throwing up.
Make her feel it’s ok and clean things up.
Maybe get her top oﬀ and bang your shirt on her or something in house. If it’s
outside, take her home.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Consider a relationship, a 27 year old woman, and the man she
is dating is almost 50 years. What is your opinion about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That it’s no ones damn business and people looking need to keep their mouth
shut and get on with their own life.
That’s my opinion ;)
504 Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy go from being conﬁdent, ﬂirtatious, open
with you, & tell you he cares for you to weird, nervous, not very
talkative, & doesn't want to be around you for long but is still
nice to you? He knows I really like him. I have a boyfriend.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…your own action spoke loud and clear to him or shall we say, the lack of
direct crystal clear action.
So he decided to not invest time and emotions with you. Flirting is a way to also
assess where you are and evaulate to ﬁter women out or in. I call in dating and
really ‘screening.’
We know or shall we say the experienced of us, a woman loves attention, she is
always judging for more, always playing and yet contradicats herself in calling
men players.
The reason he doesn’t want to be around you for too long and losing interest in
you quickly is because…
1. You got a boyfriend. That means you’re unavilable but sometimes we
know, some women are not happy where they are, they are still looking

and so we ﬂirt and see.
2. He made a move.
3. You didn’t take it further and that made him feel…like I would you’re not
worth the time, eﬀort to spend much wth.
4. He felt it’s because you got a boyfriend and alsoyou liked nothing more
but attention. Maybe because you don’t get enough of it from your
boyfriend or got bored of your boyfriend.
5. He lost interest.
6. He’s Done. Over. Moving on. He’s not going to talk much with you or
spend much time with you. There’s no point.
It doesn’t matter what you think “he knows I like him.”
You didn’t show that in action, behaviour, results. He then of course saw your
interest is not high enough and if it was me, I’d see it as you just want attention to
see if you still got it in you as a woman to get a man’s attention. So I’d not bother
and move on.
Action speaks louder and your action didn’t.
He’s lost interest.
739 Views · View Upvoters

People say if my ex-boyfriend hasn't checked on me after the
breakup, then I meant nothing to him at all. Is this true?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, people talk alot bullshit to feel like they know something but really, most
people just talk to get your validation or love the sound of their voice.
It’s like school, girls being so inﬂuenced by their friends and mess up a good
relationship because they see their friend going through something with
boyfriend, and take what their friend said about guys, and how their friend is
going through as some thing about guys and projecting it on their own
relationships.
If you let the world in, the world will fuck your relationship up, even if they are
friends or strangers - and you give room for generalising thoughts from people.
They are only speaking about their experiences, their failures, their reality and
you don’t know these people.
When you break up, whether in a good way or harsh way, the guy has moved on.
This relationship is over. For me personally, I do not do any checking, looking at
social media of my ex’s or call, or text but severe all connection because..
1. I am moving on. Healing now is needed.
2. I also close door as I know my words can be harsh to protect the ex but
also, mostly of all, to protect me. When all blocked on all channels it does
not give way for ex’s to send words acting nice but doing some game to
score points. Yes most people do that. Lots of emotions are happening,
things can be said face to face or by email, and then you both regret it. I
do not communicate when breakup happens, no matter how it happens.
I’m not needy to get closure and I don’t give a damn about closure. I
close that door tight.
3. It also to not project hope of ever coming back. I stop that immediately.
Sure, maybe in years time if ever it happens but not now. I do not give
sign of hope, I do not reciprocate messages, I do not do anything but

move on. In fact, when breakup happens, I have a lot of negative feelings
and hatred towards ex’s. So I don’t want them to get brunt of it face to
face or by email or social media private message. I close that door.
4. I have given all in relationship. I have no regrets. When it is over, that is
it. I am moving on. I gave all chances in relationship. If any changes
needed to happen, any growing, anything giving and changing, it
needed to be done in the relationship. Now relationship is over. I am not
going to be that ex that a woman can come along and use so she can feel
good about herself, boost herself esteem, use my time, my resources, to
get validated, approved, to whine about her life.
I close that door shut completely to move on.
In other words - NO CONTACT has been implemented forever. That what
no contact means to me. It’s not a game. It’s not to get someone back. It is
to heal, to silence frequency between each other, to grow, to assess and
move on. To see the lessons and learn from them and do better next time
but not with that person.
That person had their chance.
That person has every chance to show all they needed to show and
change whatever needed to change, do what needed to be done but if
they haven’t, too late.
Not every guy is some guy who cannot move on, who hasn’t got options,
who cannot attract other hot women or is some guy thinking women is
the centre of his life to forsake his life.
So it’s got nothing to do with how what lovers had meant nothing beause he
didn’t call, text, check on the woman.
She’s not a child. He’s not father. He’s a man who was in liove but it didn’t work
out and so he’;s moved on. He doesn’t need to do what most men and women do
because of - closure.
It’s actually a sensible way to move on, heal and get on with our life without back
and forth games.
If you ever wanted to know it means something, it was in the relationship where
you ﬁnd that out, not when you break up because when you break up, it’s
ﬁnished.
It’s over.
It’s not about love, it’s not about this fantasy most girls have. It’s over, ﬁnished.
It’s moving on time. It’s healing time.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why hasn't the guy I've been talking to for month taken me out
yet? He always asks me to come over to his place to "cuddle".
Does he just want me for sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why haven’t you asked him out?
And can’t you say no to sex if it was sex?
Ask him out, suggest something else.

And for fuck sake, stay away from movies. It’s boring and kills attraction. Go
anywhere where you can walk, have fun but stay the hell away from watching
movies/cinema on ﬁrst date, second and third. They don’t do much good for
dates as dates need to be communication, fun, not sitting on ass watching screen.
It’s doesn’t give room to communicate but sit there like statues
That can wait for later on on other dates
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I convince someone that they are beautiful?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how hard it took to get to where you are, to build high self esteem,
conﬁdence? You know the work involved and studying too?
As well as the changing habits of thinking, self talk, visualizing.
That’s why I won’t bother.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

A woman asked me: Why can't guys just say directly what they
really want with a female instead of playing games?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I had a woman say that to me while at a bar, I just laughed, turned and said..
Me - So you’re telling me that you’re that stupid to not know, huh?
Her -No, I’m not stupid. I kind of know
Me - You either know or you don’t know, which one is it?
Her - I know that, if a man said “I want to fuck you right now,” it’d be seen as
creepy and he’d be done for harassment.”
Me - See, you know. Don’t act like a dumb bitch. It doesn’t suit you.

They know the answer to this question.
She’s trying to play you by acting all dumb and stupid.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters

Does it feel gross to give oral to a girl who was with other guys?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop because I have a higher sexual intelligence than most men and women. It
won’t gross me at all, even if one day I was fucking her, and chilled, talked and
she said..
“10 men fucked my ass you know.”
I’d answer…
“You like to be fucked in ass?”
“Yes!”
“Let’s fuck and this time in your ass.”
I love a woman who has sexual intelligence, conﬁdent in her sexuality and
doesn’t feel shame which is all due to the upbringing, environment, association,
trauma, and also experiences she has had.

I have no problem whatsoever and in fact, I’ll eat her fucking pussy and not give a
damn how many guys she fucked or gave blow job to.
I see it as a guy projecting his own insecurities, shame, and his socially
conditioned mind and cultural beliefs on her.
34 Views · View Upvoters

Why can't I ﬁnd a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t want a boyfriend.
You want a unicorn.
People who want, fantasize and seek shiny objects.
They are the ones who want a sad story because if you haven’t noticed, it’s the
same women who keep attracting the “guys they don’t want’ and ‘don’t know why.’
People serious about what they want in their life will they go and do something
about it and learn through trial and error.
They don’t quit. They just go and do and we know from most women, they hardly
do, and call it ‘try.’
The hint, the look and all that stupidity for a guy to read their minds. They want.
They want a boyfriend. They think of ‘ﬁnding’ but really it’s about action, doing a
lot of it.
You don’t ﬁnd a boyfriend. You get a life that’s ﬁlled with socialising, mingling,
communication, engaging the world and you get good at it, and get good at
attracting, ﬁltering and screening in and out men.
But those who can’t ‘ﬁnd’ a boyfriend are really saying this…
“I want hot guy, tall, 6ft 1, blue eyes, probably dark hair or blonde, earns 45k or
100k, doesn’t talk sex, doesn’t want sex has probably a marriage in his head, a
house, with a white picket fence and babies, is perfect like the photos in a cover of
magazines, who doesn’t swear, who is up in his game where he can read my mind
because I fear rejection so I want a knight in shining armor, I am a princess, I want
guys to approach me as I sit and wait for something to happen, daydreaming of the
day prince charming will appear in all his glory on a white horse coming to save me
and make me special…”
But when that happens, let’s say you get this man and he’s so nice, good man,
you’ll be back here like most of them, with this question..
“Oh I love my boyfriend, he’s so nice, so sweet, trusts me with everything, so
good to me BUT…he’s boring. I met this other guy at work/tinder/dating site
and he makes me feel blah blah blah.”
You don’t want a boyfriend.
You’ll get bored with a boyfriend.
;)
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

What shoul I do with the girlfriend that is always broke and can
never pay her bills?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You stop being a doormat by paying her bills because before she ever met you,
she was doing ﬁne not paying her bills and so she will do ﬁne without you paying
her bills when dating you.
Set boundaries and get over being passive aggressive.
You say, “No,” if she asks for money for her bills and for anything else.
You’ll soon ﬁne she’ll disappear when you stop paying her bills if that’s all she is
seeing in you but I suppose that’s why you want to help her, because no more
pussy.
No more nice guy and being passive aggressive. Say no and if she creates drama,
tell to walk, it’s done and over.
It’s her problem if she doesn’t pay her bills and if she lives with you, time to get
serious, let her go if she won’t be responsible and next time, be with someone
who is responsible already.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Ex-narcissist sent me a letter greeting me merry Christmas and
that he missed me. What is my next move?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“What’s my next move?”
Why?
Are you seeing this a game?
The transactional game in which a person does something to get strokes, a
response, to feel better or to be validated, accepted, acknowledge.
The Narcissist then has done their job.
Got you to give it attention, provoked you to write a question about it and think
there’s some move.
There isn’t a next move.
You’ve moved the fuck on already and someone who has, doesn’t give it a second
thought, energy, time and log online to ask…
“what’s my next move.”
Keep doing what you have been doing without them. Live.
You still need to learn how to move forward and on = heal.
892 Views · View Upvoters

Once a week for the past month, I dream of being chased or
running away from ex. My ex is either calm or angry, but I'm
always frightened. We broke up two months ago, and I recently
cut oﬀ all communication with him. What's going on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We are not Psychiatrists and each person needs proper care, own diagnosis from a
professional, who will ask questions, looks at your past medical and
psychological history.
They will do a thorough check up and follow up to.

It’s important you book time with such professionals, if you want to know the
answer and also to move forward in your life.
You’re wasting time asking these kind of questions on here.
Even if a Psychiatrists was on here, they still couldn’t help you because they need
answers to question and need to do a thorough check up.
It be only assumptions if you ask on here.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you have met and lost, who do you believe to be your soul
mate, and the one true love? Can you really love again, and if
the timing was wrong, do you think you can get back together
again, even after years apart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about the years apart.
It’s as I said before. What was the breakup about? Has the person changed? Have
they cleaned up the mess or have you done so, if you took them for granted?
It’s not about days, weeks, years going by.
It’s about if the person has changed for the better or they still same old, taking
someone for granted or whatever their behaviour is like/or reason break up
happens.
Words without action don’t count for much.
People leave because of being hurt, they’ve had enough of the bullshit or they just
don’t feel they get what they want from the person.
Change is what is needed to be seen not just words but real change.
12 Views · View Upvoters

Is drawing worth it or is it too much of an eﬀort?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Drawing isn’t something you think it’s worth the eﬀort or not.
It’s in you, you so want to sketch, drawn, paint, excel to get really good at it and
personally, anyone who asks questions like that about it, best they don’t even
bother.
It’s a long journey and sure, you can get good at it after a couple of years where
people notice your work but it’s not easy. it needs discipline, and it’s not for
someone weighing it up like if it’s worth the eﬀort.
Quit while you’re ahead if that’s how you see things like this because this kind of
skill needs a lot of practice, and you can’t get good at it if you skip the
fundamentals.
Before you can even get to the exciting stuﬀ, you got to know how to draw shapes,
know about light source, anatomy, all kinds of stuﬀ and that for some is very
boring and tedious but for me, I love it. I love getting better at it and now I am
doing more digital painting.
You have to ask yourself….why you want to do it, what’s the reason to put so much
time, eﬀort, everyday, sketching even getting the basics right which can be
tedious before the exciting stuﬀ you see most of us guy’s do.

For me I do it because it’s burns inside me to do it. I know why I do it. I see
projects ahead. I saw books I have written to be illustrated by me and many other
concepts for future work and so that’s what pushed me to do it for long-term.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is your favorite anime?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me, without a doubt it has to be..Naruto!

The reason I love it is because the following values I believe in..
1. Destiny doesn’t control you. You can change your destiny but you got to
ﬁght for it, believe in it, work hard and believe even when all around you
don’t.
2. Narcissists think their smart, superior and wear a mask, in which they
seldom every make long term friends, always playing the victim role,
manipulating, using their loved ones and friends. Naruto faces some of
these types of people he even says to one of them in battle…
“I said I will one day rip that mask oﬀ your face.”
And teaches these individuals a lesson that you don’t walk on the easy
path bitcing ling a victim and walk all over your comrads corpse but on
the rugged path that unites, and you cannot walk on the rugged path
until you can face your own demons or you’re useless and nothing more
than a low life scum who will use all those around them to sheild only
himself/herself. You can plot and plan but in the end there will be none
left but your own ﬁlthy corpse.
He also teaches how their life is actually empty, fucked up, they are not
strong but weak, they are not smart but stupid, they are not intellectual
but ignorant in not understanding that they are running away from
themselves, and the pain and trauma they went through isn’t new.
Everyone got pain but not everyone makes it as an excuse and whines
like a bitch on how hard life is.
The character Naruto shuts them up because he went through same
pain, same trauma and even worse, so he is ideal when he battles them
and reveals they got no fucking excuses and they either surrender or he’s
going to rip that mask oﬀ their arrogant superﬁcial bullshit face.
3. The other values the episode shows is he never gives up. Even when you
think he’s lost, he is getting pounded with punches, he gets up again and

again to ﬁght back. He has this ﬁre in him to become someone and it
becomes a theme throughout the journey of Naruto.
I also watched the movies and the Naruto Shippiduun episodes but after the
many ﬁlters, I just left it. It’s alright having ﬁlters but it was getting too much and
I wanted to see the meat of the movie. It just got confusing and so I lost interest in
watching it.
That’s only thing that spoil it for me but apart from that, it’s awesome anime and
close to my heart because the values in it I believe in.
2. The other I really love is Death Note and even the movie version too. It’s a
Genius idea…

Again you see a glimpse or more of Narcissism here too in the characters. I like
how the mixed both words together and the detective work, and the game against
each other on who is going to win.
It hooks you in and keep you glued, with even the betrayal.
Brilliant illustrations in the comic book version and as well movie. It’s just a
genius concept and yet ancient premise…made for the modern world.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a man for every woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 6, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Contrary to belief, - the answer is no.

There is no “the right one will come along,” and “if you wait and be patient
destiny/fate will bring someone best suits you,” and “there is a man for every
woman, there is a woman for every man.”
Statistics won’t help you either.
Why do I say this?
Because the ﬁrst thing with human beings is survival.
Survival also means people do things for two reasons..
1. To avoid pain
2. To gain pleasure
Both of these have their advantages and disadvantages. Both can be used in a
negative like and both can keep a person isolated, choose for the wrong reasons,
fall deep for someone without evaluating throughout the process and some do
not show vulnerability, and some fuck other people up and some just don’t ever
heal and stay where they are.
Some fear failing, some fear loving someone, some want pleasure to such a level
they forget themselves to hurt others, and even themselves. Some get hurt too
often or in such a way due to trauma of past they repeat stories in their heads
such as role playing the victim, damsel in distress, insecurities, blaming others
and on it goes.
Some fear rejection do bad they do not take action and fall in love in their head
over and over again, to stay as they are. Single and spiteful.
With it comes with people desiring diﬀerent preferences, and it comes with
perception, desires, wants, needs, and so when everyone got certain taste, it is
not so easy to assume that just because there are enough men and women, that a
person can attract a romantic and sexual partner in their life.
No matter all the gorgeous motivational speeches, the hollywod/bollywood
movies on how the ‘good’ and ‘nice’ and ‘gentleman’ and the good and nice
woman’ nature doesn’t give a damn about how good and nice you are. Yes, that is
so with human beings too because if you think these are the criteria of attraction,
then you either lived a sheltered life, or got sucked into the bullshit like most
women and men who don’t ever really develop the ability of embracing the
reality.
And when you don’t embrace the reality then you always want to see the world
the way you want to and not how the world really is.
So most people like that don’t ever learn the specialised knowledge, the skills but
they’ll do all that for a degree, for their CV, for the interview, for the job and even
when and if they ever do atract someone, it is highly likely for many, they are ill
prepared and many choose for the wrong reasons.
If you don’t learn how to do it, if you are not skilled, knowledgeable, if you do not
know how to use what you got, no matter of averages, and turn them into your
best qualities, and if you do not go out and apply yourself, consistently, without
blaming like most do, and if you can after through messed up people to take all as
lessons to get better at what you want to achieve then…
You will be extinct and so shall your lineage.
There is no man for every woman, woman for every man.
There is only….
Go out and get what you what you want and get good at knowing how to do it.

Those who do not know how and don’t get good at it, end up without much
options if any at all.
No god, no angels, no spirits, nor fate, or destiny will help you because even if you
believe in all these, they too will tell you that if you want it, hen you got to go and
get it. You got to know how, be strong to know how and know how to do it again
and again until you get it right.
If you believe in good, then you believe in bad too, so embrace all and go and get
what you want in life.
If you believe in all this goodness - then you would have abundance mentality
and go and get what you want with belief of that.
You wait, then your resources dwindle.
You hesitate, lose out.
You blame men, women then nature will only reply..
“FUCK YOU! You had years to know how. You’re 20 years old and you haven’t
learned this? You’re fault, your problem, and you live with it!”
People will give you sympathy but nature won’t.
Nature only cares about reproduction and if you’re shit at that, and I don’t mean
reproducing babies, I mean resources, being able to attract, create, built, do what
you want to get what you want - then nature sees you made that choice for
yourself to limit yourself.
This was never about get a man, get a woman.
This is about strong and weak.
You want to be strong, be strong/
You want to be weak, then be weak.
It is the strong against the weak and that doesn’t mean muscles. It means wit and
intellectual that isn’t about how good you can talk and lecture and debate
because any fool can do that.
It’s about how you can attract what you want by creating your world in such a way
it makes it easier for you to attract.
This was always about…get a life that attracts what you want.
Build it, create it as all human beings are predictable as the four seasons. That
they want to survive, they gravitate to what they value the most, what they want
in their life, and it is in human beings DNA to survival, biological and
psychological, from the day they were born.
If man or woman ignorant and naive to not understand this, well, you will dream
a lot, fantasizes a lot and ask questions a lot. like a fool lost in their own darkness
and enveloped by their own ignorance.
But you will never be strong and know how to get what you want.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like girls that have pretty smiles?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends, when you smile does a guy see fangs and you look at guy’s like this?

When you smile does the guy imagine blood dripping from your fangs and he’s
wondering if hell is coming his way?

Or do you smile like this and he thinks you’re a bitch judging him?

Or like this and you think it’s a smile but it sends a warning that you are
unapproachable?

Or do you use hand and ﬁnger gestures with it too when you smile pretty because
you think it’s cool cause your friend’s around, inﬂuenced to follow rather than
lead your own path - and then wonder why guys don’t bother ever talking to you?

Then no, we do not like these kind of smiles.
And we certainly don’t go for this..staring contest and expect us to believe you’re
attracted to the guy…

That is not a pretty smile.
I know some girls think it is but no, it is not. Or they say..
“It’s just that I get so nervous and..”
Yeah, well, tough. If you show that kind of smile and expression it will put oﬀ
anyone. Being mean, looking mean, doesn’t mean attraction to guys. It means
you might be a bitch, mean, acting all superior.
If you’re shy and acting awkward, well, it be very hard to attract a guy and so if
you’re smile is like..

It’s not cute.
I know some may think it is but when it happens to them…it’s not cute.
It’s like when girls say..
“OOoh how romantic and cute, getting a love letter.”
But then they get it and the guy looks like..

They won’t think it’s cute. They say it’s creepy.
But when a guy does that and he looks like this…

Now it’s..
“OH YES, BABY, WHEN DO YOU WANT TO MEET! OMG! THAT IS SO CUTE.
YOU’RE SO AMAZING, SHOWING YOUR VULNERABILITY AND FEMININE
SIDE! SO BRAVE!”
Yes, we guys know the double standards people play.
And let’s not forget if you banging selﬁes on facebook and instagram with photos
like this…and…think it looks spiritual, awww, how deep you are, a thinker,
reﬂecting on life kind of bullshit pose and expression….

Pull the other one.
We’ve seen that look so many times that we guys have come to the conclusion that if you put a face like that on, acting all serene, so deep in thought - you’re
deﬁnitely a Covert Narcissist bitch, ready to pull a guy in with the naive look,
innocence, and then fuck him up with cheesy drama.
So be warned. We have seen all that before, many a times before.
It doesn’t project you ARE intelligent. wise, smart, deep or cool but shy, awkward,
unapproachable, maybe a psycho bitch, and you take life seriously and probably
bore us to death with your negativity vibe and how guys send you dick photos,
and how someone checked your ass….like we give a shit in hearing it.
Yes, to many of us, it is an image that tells us that hell waiting for us behind that
face because we got experience that the fake ass face of deep thinking, self
reﬂection pose tells us how it’s going to be completely slow, awkward, drama,
even dating will be awkward and sex…well, forget even that because it screams..
“I am a victim, Oh the world is hard, Oooh how I need attention. I got no friends, ok
maybe two but Ooooh I feel lonely, so lonely and all guys every want is my body…
OOooh how my life is so bad…”
Maybe to some guys who like acting stupid and mysterious with broody looks,
pants below their asses, acting like boys in hood movie…like that kind of look…
but you know how fucked up and messed up they are.
Pretenders are usually…fucked up.
But if you smile like this…which has a ﬂirtatious look..

Or you smile like this..

Or even like…

Then yes!
You’re onto a winner.
But there’s a catch.
Yes, it be great if life was easy as that.
You smile, guy looks and approaches but not anymore.
If you smile, ﬂip your hair, do all the ﬂirty look and don’t approach the guy and
say hi to him, well…you have wasted a smile.
It will frustrate guys to no end and they’ll not bother with you because you fear
rejection…and so do most of them.
It’s all about…process.
Everything has a process.
For example, you walk through corridoor of your college, you see a door of the
class. You don’t walk right into door and slam your face on it.
You open the door and you walk in, smile, and say hi to your friends, well, except
if your 20 minutes later or it’s an exam but you know what I mean. There’s a
process.
You follow it up not half way, all the way like…
1. smile
2. Do a ﬂirty gesture

3. Walk over
4. say hello
5. Get the conversation going, make him feel special, give aﬀection, say
something to hook him in.
6. Suggest going out and don’t say “hangout.” Not interested in hanging
out. You got to be clear about it. That it’s not platonic, you’re attracted to
the guy.
Just don’t smile and expect that’s suppose to say anything else because..
We cannot read your mind.
For all we know, you’re just smiling pretty because you’re on drugs, or you’re
bought a new dress, or you got a ticket ti some shit concert, or you feel good, or
you’re happy or…you’re just being friendly.
Too many options and we think all that and then some guys are like..
“Oh fuck it. Forget it. I don’t know which one it is. Too many options. Best walk
away because she might be just acting friendly.”
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a narcissist leave a good looking, educated,
independent woman for women way below her level?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“For women way below her level..”
Can’t believe everyone missed this.
He didn’t want to compete with another person who also got superiority complex,
and sees other women as ants, below her,.
Forget Narcissists.
If I heard a woman say that, I’d fucking stay away too.
I can see it now with children…
“Kids, these women there are sluts, whores, bad girls. These girls are uneducated
poor people, not good enough for you to mix with. These people are ants, do not
deserve your respect. They below you. These women here are fat, ugly, you are
better, good looking..superior!
Seriously, how the fuck do people miss this?
No wonder Narcissist got it easy when people miss that kind of talk. He saw you
coming. He saw you as someone who got a massive ego,. superiority, looking
down on others especially women, and he played with it and then when he had
his fun, pissed oﬀ back where he came from because he doesn’t want to compete
with another person who thinks they are above others.
That is only reserved for Narcissists ;)
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Men, if you are in love with a woman but can't have her for
some reason, do you still want to always be around her or do
you stay away from her because it hurts too much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every man is diﬀerent in that some are mature than others and by that I don’t
mean someone who is mature, he stays around her.
I mean, we know the diﬀerence about infatuation and love. We know how it works
and so we don’t do the mistakes we did way back as a teen.
For example, I am not going to fall in love with a woman just like that. I see love
diﬀerently than most people and my behaviour is diﬀerent too.
I engage, approach and ask a woman out. If it’s a no, that’s it. I switch oﬀ. I may
think about her, but I know it’s just an idea in my head and how it could have
been but not love.
I don’t wait, hesitate, over think and build a story in my head and invest emotions
and question what if and also negativity because truth is in the action not in
assumptions and ambiguity,
That only gives way for someone to stress and gives way for any woman to start
playing some transactional games.
So I won’t do like most people do, fall in love when there I haven’t found out if
mutual attract is there, keep the feelings to myself for a long time but rather I am
a direct action type of person. I’m Masculine, direct, not passive aggressive type. I
act very quick and escalate fast if it’s mutual.
I am knowledgeable about attraction and all the phases so I don’t get lost like
most do being all in there, love, love, love. I know what, how, why and when.
I don’t need to manipulate because there are principles I follow which always
works to attract sexy, fun, sexual and charismatic submissive women who love
pleasuring their man.
One of the principles is the abundance mindset and I create that abundance by
taking more risks than most men which has shown me in life experiences that I
don’t need to spend my time on such a woman who isn’t mutually attracted to
me.
Even if 500 said no, I know a thousand more will say yes. I don’t need to
compromise what I want and I can get complete obedience, even slave like from a
woman because there are women who desire to be that woman who lives that way
for that man, even if he has 5 lovers.
So I know I don’t need to manipulate, like or compromise and I know rejection is
but a ﬁltering system of life to remove women out of my way to get to women who
desire same as I do faster.
Most men and women do not learn that for years and some who do know it so do
not comprehend it’s meaning and understand it to appreciate and apply it in
their life.
If my feelings are not reciprocated then I don’t think “oooh she’s the one.” and
nor do I see her as special to me but a woman out of many women in world.
If my feelings are not reciprocated, then I move on.
Now at times it is a yes, we move forward but along the way something happens
in a long term relationship.
Maybe months or year/years - I ﬁnd something is up or whatever reason that has
told me it’s over. I move on and yes, it can hurt but it would hurt far more being in
that relationship.
I move on completely.

I know, it sounds cold, for me to automatically severe all connection and move on
but life is short. Life is so fragile, it goes so fast and what’s the point in my mind
to bother spending more on someone who doesn’t feel the same way. Better to not
even be friends and move on completely.
Life is far too big and yet too short.
So there is no chance if I approach and it’s a no, for me to emotionally invest time,
eﬀort to fall in love. I move on.
That for me is wisdom of ages.
If no in very beginning, moving on.
If I still feel something, I know it’s not love.
It’s just an idea.
That is all it is and she doesn’t deserve anything from me, nor my time, nor will I
spend time with her because time for me is valuable.
Time for me is a resource.
I don’t give that or share it so easily.
And even if a woman says yes, if her behaviour is not towards my emotional
language, in which I like ﬂirting, sexualisation, it gets boring for me, if I see and
feel she’s holding back, if she avoids sexual topics or when ﬂirt. if anything I don’t
like which I feel it’s not good for the future, goes against compatibility, that tells
me she has certain beliefs, she has her way which doesn’t appeal to me and
knowing I am a dominant man, complete obedience slave like for a woman to be,
it is not going to happen.
So even if it’s a Yes from her, even if I am extremely attracted to her, if she doesn’t
behave in a certain way in beginning of attraction stage and if something comes
up which is a red ﬂag, a deal breaker, I’m moving on.
But also I can do same but it be harder when it’s long term relationship.
I am always assessing, evualting and so if a woman thinks she has me for life and
she can then relax, do whatever, talk shit, go all berserk or says she is not into sex
anymore, or anything she knows does not sit with me well…she will also know, I
will move on if we don’t come to an understanding.
Love then is never enough. It needs other factors or it’s just teenage, childish
people looking at romance as a way to ﬁnd happiness from someone else when I
am already happy, and only date and be in relationship where we can work
towards same attitude, similar values, needs and wants and yes, solve problems.
Very diﬀerent to what most see love as.
I believe in love, I dive deep into it but I don’t fall easily in love like it’s nothing.
There are consequences, future ones, there is emotional, there is psychological,
there is time and resource, and compatibility, and I take all these into
consideration.
So no, if I feel for a woman and it is not reciprocated, I won’t be around investing
anymore. I have dreams, goals and life is too big to do such a thing.
We could be friends but even then my time is valuable and I’ll be busy doing my
own thing and she will not be a priority.
That’s one type of man, just one and all of us think diﬀerently, have diﬀerent
perception and so you can’t really know by knowing…one…man’s behaviour.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

I've lost 4 friends this month because I answered their
questions honestly--not rudely, but directly. If people want the
truth and despise liars, why can't they handle well-meaning
honesty?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Dec 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not what you say.
It’s the way you say it.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How should I treat a girl who doesn't reply to my texts, and on
the other hand I love her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A young man was very attracted to this girl who was in the same circus. The
trapeze ﬂyer he tried to get her attention but no matter how hard he tried she did
not reciprocate.
Sometimes she’d not show any response until weeks to even months.
Fate has it, that a stranger was walking through.
On his long journey of knowledge, of sharing what he learned, an Arabian artists
who traveled for many months to diﬀerent countries, found himself walking
through the Circus.
He saw this very young man looking at a young woman walking and he had a sad
look on his face, so the Arab guy walks over and asked him what’s up.
After some nudging the young man told him that he was so into this woman,
loves her but she doesn’t reciprocate.
Unknown to him, the Arabian man knew far more than the young man on what is
going on. He had years of experience, the canning ability to see all the games and
also understanding of human nature, and so he asked the young man
Arabian dude - Show me what you do
Young man - You mean my talent?
Arabian dude - Yes, what is it you do
So the young man took him inside the massive tent, showed him how he’d ﬂy
through the sky and of course with a large net below.
As the young man ﬂew down onto the net like he has done it a thousand times,
the Arabian guy said..
Arabian dude - Do you know what the ﬁnal mystery of love is?
Young - No, I have never heard of it.
Arab dude - Imagine it like this. You climb up this large ladder and get to the top
and below you, right now, is the net. You know the ﬁnal mystery of love is
to..love..yourself and that is why the net is there. The net surpassed your
emotional need, the hormones of love, the things inside your mind and even
women, that blinds you of ﬁrst taking care of yourself, respecting yourself.
Young man - I don’t think I did a good job of that with her, have I?
Arab dude - No because you don’t love yourself. What you did, is you removed
this net and so when you fall…what happens then? She doesn’t care if you are sad.
She doesn’t care if you’re hurting. She would bathe in the attention, the idea that
a young man is admiring her and putting her on a pedestal. That’s you helping

her boost her self esteem. She won’t care if you continue to do so for years. She
will go on living her life and even date men in front of you, live her life without a
damn thought about you and your feelings. If you get hurt chasing her she
doesn’t care. If you keep giving her all the attention, she doesn’t care but she’ll
bathe in all the emotional investment and probably make fun of it to all her
friends to boost the little insigniﬁcant status she has. If you fall and hurt yourself,
remember, she didn’t remove the net away that’s there for your safety, for your
peace of mind, for your health. That my man, was all your doing.
The Arabian man took out a small book from his pocket and gave it to him.
In it was the steps to implement the ﬁnal mystery of love. It had many colourful
sketches and explanations with practical steps to apply.
He said his goodbyes to the young man and continued with seeking experiences
and knowledge throughout his journey.
The young man began to see the woman he was attracted to in a diﬀerent light.
He actually laughed at himself on how he gave too much time on someone who
wasn’t mutually attracted to him.
From that day, he ensured to never let his emotions get the better of him and
applied the ﬁnal mystery of love - to love himself as no one will ever love him far
more than himself.
He didn’t give anymore attention and respected himself more. He understood
women crave for attention and they’d not give a damn if the guy continues to do
so. They’d lavish in it to boost their self esteem/
He has already asked her out and gave her the opportunity to know him better
but she has not done anything but hide. She didn’t even say no but act all
ambiguous and silent.
He has taken it away that opportunity from her from this day forward to redirect
his eﬀorts on what is worth his time.
Through the weeks and months, he focused on spending more time on himself,
with going out more, dressing up, having fun in the city in his free time.
She didn’t see much of him after he worked.
She never got the notes he left anymore. He didn’t knock on her Caravan door
anymore, He didn’t do all those things to get her attention.
He invested more time to also take more responsibilities and helped the circus
manager with more ideas and soon he too became a manager and with more pay,
and he too began to travel around the world promoting the circus.
A year or so, later this same woman came to the young man and tried ﬂirting with
him but he remembered what he learned from the book. That no woman, can
ever do anything without his permission.
He stopped her right there and said to her..
“Look, I don’t have time for games. I’m busy. We already been there and you was not
interested or something was going on with your life. I get it. It’s ﬁne but I’m not going
there.”
He didn’t say it harshly but he showed conﬁdence by implemented his
boundaries and making them known to her.
He wasn’t needy for her attention and he learned there are plenty of women in
this world who do want a man like him and if he keeps spending time on her, he
will lose a lot of time.

She was taken back.
He’s ever been like this before.
It felt like he was on a mission, a greater purpose in his life.
This was not a young man who is aimlessly looking for love. This was a man who
had great plans for his life.
It was the ﬁrst time he ever said no to her ﬂirting.
It was the ﬁrst time she has ever had a man say no to her.
It hit her hard.
The four seasons past by again and again to see him walk into his caravan. She
felt a change happened inside her.
She felt attracted to him for some reason.
She didn’t know why.
Yes, women say they know what they look for in a man but really, no woman or
man really knows. They just know how they feel. Sure people have their limits
regarding looks and all the rest but when it comes to feeling, no one really knows
why. They just know how they feel and want more of that feeling.
Her heart races faster, she felt the butterﬂies in her stomach, she saw a future can
be with him, with white wedding dress, wedding bells, children, a house, a
garden and so many experiences roamed her mind on what can happen.
She got excited and walked to the young man’s Caravan, took a deep breath ad
knocked on the door.
She heard his voice to come in, she felt her legs were about to cave in from the
overwhelming warmth pulsating amazing rush that penetrated her body to tingle
her senses.
Her heart began to pound harder and she felt happy that ﬁnally she found a man
who is worthy of her love.
As she steps inside his Caravan with the cravings to wrap her arms around him
and tell him how she feels…she is paralyzed by what she sees next.
Right there, in front of her was a tall beautiful young woman, with red ﬂowing
hair and eyes of ocean blue, red rose lips that lit the man’s face with her smile.
Her soft soothing toned voice welcomed her in.
The young man turned, smiled…
‘Hey, let me introduce you to my girlfriend,’ he said, ‘might as well introduce you
both to each other because she’s moving in with me from today. She loves the circus
too!’
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

Which guy should I choose: the ﬁrst one who I’ve always had
problems with (cheating) or the second who’s been a
sweetheart for a year now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2017 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Leave the “sweet heart.”

You don’t even deserve that guy especially if you are weighin option with
someone who cheated you.
Christ, what are you on?
Leave both of them alone and spend sometime with yourself, Dating and
relationship is no fucking joke and you’re treating it as one.
Get some therapy while you at it too.
Leave the “sweet heart” guy alone because you’ll fuck him up. He deserves
someone so much better and someone who got their head screwed right.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

The guy I like is 6’2 and skinny, and I’m 4’11 and “thick”. He says
he likes me the way I am, but I feel insecure, what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to sort yourself out very quick or he’s going to move on because he’s not
having drama due to a woman who is insecure about her looks.
See it this way.
He’s tall and you’re short. It makes him feel like a fucking strong man, pick you
up easily, ride you easily, that he feels he can protect easily, it’s hot for him, he
loves that shit. It’s bonus for you. It’s huge big thing for him.
He LOVES his about you, so get over it fast by seeing what you think is your
weakness is actually very, very attractive to many guys, especially tall guys.
But please, cut that shit out fast or you’re going to lose this guy.
We don’t like this kind of drama and if it gets in way we’ll move on and ﬁnd
someone else.
So work on yourself, change the way you think.
You look at looks. He is looking at how he FEELS.
Sort this thinking fast or you’ll push the guy away. No guy these days want to keep
convincing a woman he’s dating he’s into her. It’s just too much headache and
frustrating.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my boyfriend. Now he is in a another
relationship with one of my friends. Tomorrow is our
anniversary. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tomorrow is not “our anniversary.”
Cut that shit out.
You’re not dating him anymore. It’s over.
Tomorrow is another day to move forward in life to have a hot sexy shower, get
freshen up, bang some hot sexy clothes and go out and party, and aave fun, live
life and yes, if you attract someone else, awesome.
But do cut that shit out “our anniversary.”
That’s what tomorrow is - moving forward in life.
Time to move on. He has.

1.7k Views · View Upvoters

A guy I like has a crush on me apparently, but when my friend
talked to him, he said that dating and stuﬀ with me would be
weird. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what so many women do that fucks things up? They open they big
fucking mouth, showing oﬀ to their friend, talking about some guy they are
attracted to and think their friend is so perfect, honest, so trustworthy and don’t
realise for the most part…
1. Their friend might get jealous
2. Their friend has insecurities
3. Their friend has their own fears
4. Their friend has a perception of their own
5. Their friend can pass on their own insecurities too
6. AND..their friend can sneak round the back, talk to guy, get real close
and…..DATE that guy!
I have seen this many a times before and you girls need to stop sharing shit like
that to your friends. That’s your worst enemy - talking too much about everything
to your friends instead of ﬁrst approaching the guy, talk to the guy, build rapport
quickly and ask him out yourself.
Then if nothing happens, you can blab all day long about the guy but not before
you did the work.
It’s a stupid mistake. Too many do it.
You are so easily inﬂuenced by your friends.
“Oh I like this guy”
“Oh he said he won’t be interested in you, be so weird.”
Go and approach, ﬁnd out yourself because for all you know, your friend can also
be full of shit.
It’s not so hard to know girls can be jealous of each other and ruin shit just so the
other girl doesn’t spend time with a guy.
You should see the games women play against each other at work over a guy that
he got turned oﬀ by all of them and dated someone else outside work.
The only reason a girl does that is to self sabotage it herself, fear of rejection or to
feel better about herself, showing oﬀ to friends for attention.
Keep these things under wrap.
You don’t need to tell your friends everything because friends can also turn out to
be your worst nightmare.
They can gossip about your personal life when you’re not friends anymore.
Never tell your friend shit about these kind of things until you go and do it and
get whatever result. You can be inﬂuenced by people’s negative minds and some
people are nasty piece of work.
38 Views · View Upvoters

When you hear a woman say "I never bother to be friends with
any women because women are…" is the woman who says that
really the problem (but does not want to admit it so blames half
the world's population so she does not have to accept the
truth)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, women can be very nasty, ruthless, and compete against each other on a level
of evilness that will turn your stomach inside out.
They can isolate one another because one is more attractive or more popular, or
one of them is popular and feels insecure and is trying to protect her status. I’ve
seen this many a times with women.
If you’ve dated and in a relationship with a attractive women, you’ll hear all sorts
of shit happening at work, battles between women to all kinds of craziness to stop
each others success to trying to ruin friendships and power games. Lots of
jealousy kicking oﬀ to gossip to isolate, over power, control a situation or social
group and even not invite to a party or event and doing that out of spite.
I’ve known women I walked away from who dropped their best friends for women
they just met and women who treat them like shit but engage with them because
they got status.
You put a hot looking women in room full of women who are not that hot looking
and they’ll tear her down and it be a cat ﬁght or it be done in a sly way. So she is
telling the truth from her own experiences as a woman what she has seen and she
doesn’t want any part of it.
I don’t blame her. Women can be nasty piece of work with each other. Psycho
level, I mean really revengeful and nasty.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Every time I try to ﬂirt with a woman via eye contact it ends up
in an awkward stare down. What am I doing wrong, and how
can I do it right?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re doing too much gazing eye contact. That’s not how you do it. The way to
do it is..
1. You see her.
2. She sees you
3. Smile and now…
4. Approach and engage, and get a conversation going building rapport
5. Then suggest someone
6. If all ok, exchange numbers
Not this way…
1. You see her
2. She sees you
3. You keep staring at her and do nothing
4. You still keep looking
Of course it will make you feel awkward and her too. It also shows hesitancy and
your lack of conﬁdence.

You can reduce awkwardiness even further when you take action by using the
Time…
“Hi, I only got a minute but I….”
By saying you only got a minute she knows you’re not going to talk for long and so
she can relax a little.
So reminder…
1. Eye contact/smile
2. She notices you looking
3. Approach, use the Time/engage/conversation/build
rapport/suggest/exchange numbers.
And don’t wait for a woman to call next day.
You follow up and lead or you’ll wait for a long time as she wonders, if you was
interest or not, and a whole lot of stuﬀ that you are always worried about which
all comes from insecurities.
It works in your favour being conﬁdent to lead.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is she playing hard to get, afraid, or not interested?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would avoid assume anything as you haven’t shown intent. You made some
reason that you was going to say but didn’t. First approach her face to face, build
rapport for a min or so and ask her out.
Forget facebook for now, you added her when you should have ﬁrst establish if
attraction is mutual face to face because right now, you’re assuming, you’re
looking for hint due to lack of clarity because you haven’t asked her out.
Sort that out ﬁrst face to face and don’t bother what she does on social media and
waste time on things like that. These are only tools when mutual attraction is
established when you’re both local.
Get that sorted ﬁrst.
That’s the priority step ﬁrst not facebook.
If a woman is local and I can talk to her face to face, I’d never add her until that is
sorted and I’ll only use facebook as a tool and texting as a tool to build on
attraction and for set up meetings, and here and there chat when busy but not
much as I’ll do much of it face to face as it is local.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Adam Smith

What should I do? I like this girl, but she doesn't want a
relationship right now, and she is not "ready", but she keeps
sending me pictures of her.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She does because you let her.
She’s an attention seeker. No, not because she’s sending pictures, or hot videos, or
ass photos but because she said she’s not ready, right now, and she is still sending
those pictures.
She knows you’re into her and she’s pulling your chain.

Avoid being passive aggressive. Speak up and you let her know how it goes.
Now slam the brakes down hard because…
Your role in dating is this..
1. You get a Yes, move forward to meet if local. If long distance, well, it will
take some time, to meet but make your message clear.
2. Or it’s a No. Move on.
3. If not ready. It is not good enough. Move on.
4. If blah blah not ready for relationship, not good enough. Move on.
5. If any ambiguous…confusion, no clear, blah blah…you move on.
Learn to move on faster.
She is using you for nothing else to boost her own self esteem.
Tell her she said she is not ready, so why she is keeping in touch. You’re not
looking to be pals or anything platonic, so she best move on and stop sending you
any pictures or messages.
You say how it’s going to go and take it all away from her.
She is doing it because you let her.
Now speak up and let her know how it goes.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people hate Adam Sandler so much?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I dont hate him but I know he can do better but chooses to do movies that are so
fucking easy, predictable and really for a mashed up mind that just wants to chill,
not think and watch any shit for relaxing and fun.
That’s all his movies are - lame, fun, nothing to really remember and you don’t
need to think much.
I do watch his movies but because it’s just not serious, I don’t need to think or
wonder, as it’s so damn predictable.
That doesn’t mean he hasn’t skill. You need to get along with people, the crew, the
many other people, memorizing of script, even with some fuckups, to disipline,
keeping doing it.
So it’s not just acting skills, there’s a lot going on and I’ll give him that.
It’s not easy getting to that level, no matter what moves you do.
It’s a cut throat business, lots of mineﬁelds.
So he should be proud of himself on that. That he got something going on that
feeds hi, stable for him and for who he cares about in his life.
Not easy at all.
I kind of look at the full bigger picture.
I probably don’t know the hard choices her had to make in the beginning because
when you do something, let’s for example such as Harry Potter guy.
See! I call the actor the Harry Potter guy, it is diﬃcult to now switch and do
serious roles, serious movies, that has substance and here he is known as the

Harry Potter guy, for magic and well, I will always see him as the Harry Potter
guy.
In movies, you get known for one thing, and you try to change to something else,
it is very diﬃcult.
Sylvester Stallone knew this. Arnold knew this.
Many other actors know this.
Many found themselves doing great and everything stopped because of this
delima and you never saw them in the big screen agai.
You get known for something, it is very diﬃcult to transition to other kind of
roles and get scripts for such roles or try to create them and be taken seriously.
So he’s probably deep in that shit now he cannot transition to these roles as he
gets scripts like the movies he does often and not roles maybe he wants to do
because it will hammer at his bank balance and it’s risky.
So I don’t hate him, I can understand there are things we wn’t know but DAMN
Sandler, you got to get real man, do something showing us you got acting down,
something for real, even if it doesn’t make millions, something not easy,
something that surprises us all to make us go..
“Holy shit, wow!”
Just once, that’s all, just once.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl I just knew ask for a super expensive bag even
before I have met her in person?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called..
1. Let’s see if I can use him as a doormat
2. Let’s see how far I can go with this guy and use him
3. Let’s see if I can push the boundaries and dangle sex like a carrot, and
only have sex so I can get something oﬀ him
4. I am going to use him and take him for every penny I can get or at least
some expensive stuﬀ as much as I can until I run him dry AND that’s
before I even date him. If he can give me all that shit before dating,
imagine what I can do when I am dating him later. I’d have trained him
to be a good little dog for me.
Her head is so far up her ass she thinks the light shines through her pussy and
tits.
Her evidence is tons of nice guys who watch Bollywood/Hollywood movies and
who lining up to impress her.
This is your red ﬂag.
If you ignore it and do not drop her now, blame yourself for the emotional and
psychological hell that’s coming into your life.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does beauty mean to you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A man was sitting in a cafe and he was staring at a painting and a woman said to
him..
“It’s beautiful isn’t it?”
“Yes, the painter must be to paint that.”
“The painter?” she said.
He gave out a sigh and he looked at the woman with her hot sexy dress, her red
gloss lips, her perfect shaped eyebrows, the long ﬂowing blonde curls, the
dazzling radiant blue eyes that seem to hold some sadness, and asked her..
“Do you know what beauty means?”
“What does it mean,” she replied.
He then explained what beauty means to him…
Imagine a gift wrapped up and looks gorgeous.
Now take the ribbon oﬀ and put it aside.
Take the wrapping paper oﬀ and put it aside
Open the box and take whatever is in the box and put the box aside.
See the product you got or gift?
Take that apart and put each piece aside.
Now what do you have?
You have a small piece of paper left with an address, contact number.
You then contact and travel to see who created this.
You then follow through to ﬁnd who they are
You ﬁnd they have personality, they have traits, they have story, they have other
things most people around them never knew about them. You ﬁnd out they are trust
worthy, they are compassionate, they have empathy, they also help people and don’t
advertise it much or at all.
When you talk, they listen, when you stop, they ask more about your life. They make
you feel wonderful, they make all attention on you.
Hence, you ﬁnd the human being who has character, integrity, sexiness too in how
they smile, how they make you feel top of the world, conﬁdent, they open up and are
showing vulnerability. So honest, do open and want to connect without judging in
their head or letting their own perception get in the way about what they see
visually about you, what they heard or even read.
Now you go back home, and you see all the pieces and you get the box.
You put the pieces of the gift back together again and place it carefully in the box.
You close the box.
You put the same wrapping paper around box neatly as possible and tape it.
You tie the ribbon on the box.
But…you will never see this person in the same way - a box, a product, an object, a
look, an appearance rather you…feel.
Nothing will ever be the same again.
The spirits, the souls have been connected and you wish you could see them again.
You wish the story doesn’t end.

You wish you can explore with them and want to give to that person too, the way you
felt they want to give to you. Life is but short and it cannot be replayed or paused
because time is ﬂeeting.
How do you know where this connection will go.
How do you know this stranger can being so much more into your life.
You never know but you felt their spirit, their soul, that feeling and you know what
this feeling means. They make you feel sincere, honest, calm, you don’t have to
manipulate, play games, lie, but all open to be you.
Beauty is about how a person makes you feel…and it is the feeling that makes you
feel alive, desired, welcome, loved, appreciated, understood. It is the moment of
vulnerability in which you see and look into each others spirit.
That is beauty.
And…she just looked at the man, didn’t say a word for a while, sipped her tea and
then took out something from her purse.
It was a card with her number.
“Call me,” she said, “no seriously, please call me.”
The man called her the next day and ever since….12 years now they meet at that
same cafe as…lovers…while so many shops that were there have changed, new
ones come and go, as that very same painting still hangs on the wall.
12.7k Views · View Upvoters

When someone says “I miss you” do they miss what you
provide for them, such as comfort, humour, etc, or do they
actually miss you for who you are?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 3, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever had someone say..
“I love you. You mean the world to me.”
But their actions don’t align with what they say?
That’s how you know.
When someone says “I miss you”, just look at their actions.
If their actions show it, they mean it.
If they don’t, they are just saying it to feel good about themselves or trying to get
strokes from you to get validated.
Actions like calling you often, messaging you often, visiting you, wanting to be
part of your life, remembering things you like, sharing things you like or what
might be important to you.
Red ﬂags - they don’t ask questions about you. You arrange a phone call with
them, it took you time, you’re busy, long distance or just local and busy, and you
remind them to bang it down, no messing. They say ok but then when time
comes, they are nowhere. They make it sound it was a hassle, with “OOoh but I
was so busy.”
They don’t say before hand they can’t make it.
When you share something about your work that took you hours to do and they
don’t talk about it but will talk about themselves the whole time.

There are many other red ﬂags. If you’re not blind you’ll see them but if you are,
you won’t know until it’s far into the future to look back and see them.
You know when someone really misses you or loves you.
Their actions speak louder than their words.
122 Views · View Upvoters

Why won’t a guy stop me from messaging him? I asked him to
block me, but he won't. He just doesn't reply. What does that
mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you’re not that smart.
Why don’t you block him?
It’s one click.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I've tried my luck on 6 girls, and have been rejected. Is there
something wrong with a 26-year-old, rich, kind, funny,
handsome (so they tell me), polyglot, cyber security engineer,
that girls refuse to date me, or am I picking the wrong girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. 26
2. rich
3. kind
4. fun
5. handsome
6. cyber security engineer
Yes. There is something wrong
You have no clue about attraction and if you did, you’d never mention these as
these are details, and details are not what excites the emotions, captures
emotions and ﬁres up imagination.
Don’t lower your bar.
You’re approach will be all over the place.
6 rejections is nothing.
When you have approached 100+, have read books on psychology, understood the
dynamics of attraction, and know the process, structure, and applied, knowing
what you are doing now, then if you still don’t get results, it will be your
conﬁdence, your neediness, you’re not approaching enough and it be approach.
Keep going but don’t ever lower your bar.
There is no need to talk these details to women because these are not what makes
a heart race, and pound. This is attraction phase not absolute attraction, where
it’s about long-term. That language you got on question is absolute attraction for
long-term relationship, which cannot happen until the ﬁrst phase happens which
is attraction.
So you are approaching in a tone that isn’t attraction but platonic, desperately
trying to force it.

For now, really, it is too early and second, no one knows about your level of
knowledge, socialising skills, and so much more.
It’s like doing a degree. You’re asking a question that has a lot of ground to cover
and each person needs his own diagnosis and without detailed information on
what you know, how you do it, really everything, you cannot get some detailed
speciﬁc answer. No one can give you that here.
But one thing for sure…
You haven’t a clue how attraction works as your question is evident to this fact
due to mentioning details.
The mind at conscious level can only focus on one while the sub-conscious
regulates and does many things as you focus on doing whatever one task or
conversing. It’s running in the background doing so much than most can even
comprehend.
You are then due to what you have said in question, talking to women in a logical
way, focusing on the conscious which can only do so much..one thing…and you
do it in a way to maybe to impress, in a way that targets the conscious mind and
not the subconscious which has all the emotions, imaginations, that makes a
woman tingle.
I don’t have the details you got and even when I was unemployed and average
looking, I was attracting hot women and I never lowered the bar.
I actually took it way up and still got results but that’s due to knowledge,
experience and knowing exactly what, why, how and when.
Keep going, read a lot and never lower your bar. Instead get better at it in many
angles. That’s up to you to learn what these are.
12.1k Views · View Upvoters

If two women are dating each other, is it cheesy for them to
wear the same outﬁt on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d see it as cute and they care about each other, and love each other.

Good for them.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you forget a wonderful person who broke up with you
due to circumstances?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Will take many years if they are wonderful person.
If the person was someone who gave a lot in time of relationship, was there for
you, was giving you tons of time, was communicating a lot with you, was making
it about you, was enjoying your conversation, was ﬂirting with you to make you
grow in conﬁdence and have fun, was sharing their work with you, was doing the
little but important things like creating things about you and them, romantic, to
show how much you mean to them….that person is very fucking rare.
They are sensitive souls as well, but wise beyond years as well, so it will take you
years and being so busy in your life you are tired of thinking of anything else.
Honestly, when you lose someone like that, it’s not some ordinary lover. That’s a
person who loved you and gave all they got inside of themselves and were very
vulnerable and showed aﬀection when you needed it but if you didn’t
reciprocate, if you acting awkward, if you held back, if you showed you didn’t
trust this wonderful person… and they then ﬂew away, well, you got a handful of
memories and regrets as well.
They will always be in your memories, always.

You’ll also remember them even when in a relationship and you’ll probably ﬁnd
no one can measure up to that person because they raised the bar so high,
anything else is nothing to the comparison.
I just hope you are not young, like 18 because if you are and you lost this kind of
person, the road ahead in what you probably ﬁnd is not going to be close to what
you had.
I can paint you a motivational rosy answer but I am in my 40s, I have lived, and I
am saying to you, such people are rare and you will have to just remember the
good times.
You can have a great job, a career, or studies, whatever but in the end, what will
matter the most is a wonderful loving person next to you and everything else
doesn’t really come close. It’s just living. It’s just work. It’s just earning money,
maybe dreams and goals but what gives the warmth, the fuzziness, the amazing
feeling is knowing this one wonderful person loves you and is there for you even
if they are at the end of the world.
You realise years later what matters the most and you’ll wish you said this, did
this, wasn’t so shy about that, opened up more on this and that and didn’t make
this and that so serious.
It be easier if you was still in contact with them to talk to but if you burnt that
bridge, due to whatever happened afterwards too, you told them you don’t want
them back, you said or written something to make yourself feel better, but make
them feel down, no matter what they did or how they ended ot, it will be very
diﬃcult for a long while, even years because you now cannot talk to this…
wonderful person.
In those many moments you wish you knew why you held back. Was it so hard to
give that which was so important to this person? Was it really? Was it so much of a
big fuss?
I mean you do that for those around you, those close to you, and yet here you are,
you had this person and now it is diﬀerent. now it’s a holding back, now it’s “Oh I
don’t know, don’t trust because..”
Where did that come from?
You know what I mean. You’ve been there and you wonder if only you knew more,
you lived more, you was far more experienced that you could hammer those
insecurities and say “fuck it! I love this person, so wnderful, and no one ever gave
like this to me.”
And you pour all you on this person but…you know, in all your bravado, in all
those smart intellectual words, in all this pretense of maturity, in all these words
in saying you don’t care anymore, you don’t want this and that anymore from
them….you really…wish you didn’t say these words or held back whatever you
held back.
I knew a woman who met a guy like that when she was 18–19 years old, and she is
in her 40s, and she still remembers that guy but she fucked up, she wasn’t
vulnerable and though she has grown now, she regrets because she’s been dating
diﬀerent men, and even been in relationship, and even got married, and divorced
but she cannot forget this one man. I remember her saying how she was young,
didn’t realise the gold she was getting until one day, he just disappeared, he had
enough, walked away and he never let her talk to him, call him or anything.
I hear this same pattern, over and over again from diﬀerent people and
sometimes, I feel I am alien, on a diﬀerent planet and wondering. how the hell
did I know so young about this!

Even my parents didn’t know about this.
Even the many adults I knew didn’t know about this.
Even the teen girls who profess they want love, tenderness, aﬀection, and all they
say they want - didn’t know about this.
So what now?
I wish I had a wand and make you feel better. I could say…
“Hey, you’ll meet someone wonderful one day..”
But you know, don’t you, how rare a wonderful person is. You know how hard it
was when you didn’t have that. You knew all these questions on why can’t I ﬁnd
love, why won’t someone give me attention, why someone don’t shower me
aﬀection, write those letters, those sexy long hot beautiful text, and romance, ad
hot and horny over me, and videos, and creativeity liek I saw in romance movies.
Then it happens and slowly, you forget what you so wanted like it was some
sweet, or toy you buy at a store, which you play with, and get bored of and want
another shiny toy.
But these toys do not hold the memories, those feelings, those incredible turn on
electric going through your body when you was bored, when you was alone, when
your friends didn’t give a damn and then…you remember…..
“If only you tried harder, didn’t hold back, didn’t avoid this and that because it
made you feel uncomfortable not because it was wrong but a script playing in
your head on and on to be defensive about these things and you probably blew up
many a times and it hit hard on the other person who..didn’t show those feelings
to you, for them to now assess and see you have forgotten that path you were
suppose to walk on.
You remember what it what it was like when you yearned for such a wonderful
person but…somewhere, down that road of busy, of many a distractions, maybe
some attention from many people, you thought you got it all and in that moment,
you didn’t realise…you are letting this wonderful person slip through your ﬁngers
by bringing the world into the relationship.
Was out there such a big deal?
Was what you were so fretting about such a big deal to share?
Was the insecurities or that story in the head that replays again and again, worth
it?
There is nothing you can do but get busy and…just.. live your life.
People sadly, do not realise what they lose until it is gone. I know it’s cliche saying
it, but it’s the reality.
Most people do not know what they had until it’s gone.
They forget where they were before that wonderful person appeared.
They forget how they wanted someone to love them, to be fun, to be exciting, to
talk about anything and everything, to love and feel loved.
They forget they wanted conﬁdence, someone sexual, someone kinky, someone
with edge and excitement and yet someone loving, romantic too.
Someone who makes them feel special and that person made them feel it so
and did all that and probably more.

But when they get that wonderful person, they become lazy, they became
forgetful, they acted all busy even for a phone call and played with that
wonderful person’s time like it was nothing.
They acted so defensive for what is asked, they acted all serious, they acted all
snobbery, and it changed this wonderful person to wonder how the future would
be like and they saw it would not be bright but pain, hard, ﬁlled with so many
insecurities and awkwardness if they ever went further.
Most people think that person is just going to wait away and take it.
Until that person…ﬂies away.
There is no easy answer.
There is no quick ﬁx.
There is no amazing quote.
There is no magic for this.
Just wisdom….
When a person comes in your life, give all you got, if they do.
Give all aﬀection like they do. Love like you never loved before, like it was your
ﬁrst time, always, and like it will disappear tomorrow.
That that way, if something happens, you know you gave it all when in
relationship.
That’s what gives you the peace, the tranquility.
That’s what gives you this wonderful feeling the other wonderful person had and
brought into your life.
That you loved this wonderful person with every second when you was with them
or connected to them.
You gave all.
There was no holding back.
You gave every part of you to such they felt that all they desired can happen with
you and your love, your sexiness, your conﬁdence, your irresistible beauty from
the inside, your horny hot pulsating mind, your intelligence to never take them
for granted will ﬂow like a never ending ocean.
You made it about them as they did the same with you.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What if a girl whom you consider a friend always asks (text) for
some favour as if she has a right to get it & without even
greeting me. A few days back I texted her just to know how is
she doing and she texted back asking a petty favour.
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you behave like you can be treated like a doormat, being a nice guy, passive
aggressive then you get treated as a doormat.
It’s that simple - you don’t set boundaries for whatever reason.
Maybe you think being nice will get you into her pants. Maybe you like the
attention and validation and then bitch about it like most nice guys do. Maybe

you got brought up thinking being “nice, good,” is suppose to do shit for you or is
attraction when it’s just nothing but bullshit.
She does it because she knows she can with guys like yourself.
Here’s what I did when a hot woman said..
“Hey Adam, can you paint my portraite for me.”
“Sure, pay up.”
“Oooh I thought, you know, you’ll do it for free.”
“Fuck oﬀ woman. Just cause you got a pair of big jugs and ass, that’s going to get
me to do shit for you? Pay up or forget it.”
She paid up later on, with money.
Another text me wants some favour to drive her to airport and same thing..
“Listen woman. You think I’m a fucking nice guy. Hire a damn taxi.”
She did.
See. Pretty darn easy when you got self respect.
If you behave like people can treat you like a doormat, they will. If you behave
you got self respect and their tits, ass and pretty face or even just that they are
women, is going to do it, then you will behave as such and get treated as such.
So avoid being passive aggressive and speak up if you don’t like doing what you’re
doing.
Learn to say, “No.”
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sunil Bansal

Is it normal that my head hurts everytime after I ejaculate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We are not doctors. Go and see a doctor for a checkup.
Probably you eat shit, don’t drink enough water and not much nutrients, drink
too much sugar stuﬀ or too much caﬀeine not enough water but no one can tell
you what’s up.
Get a check up done.
Visit your local clinic.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Girl ignored my text asking her out, but texted back 3 days later
with a random question (clearly as an excuse to start talking).
Is she interested?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. She is not interested
2. She is killing time
3. Don’t bother with her
4. She’s time consuming and wants emotional support
When a girl avoids answering your question and when she avoids ﬂirting and
advancement, she is uncomfortable on this.
That means - she is not interested but she is not going to say it.

Let her go and let her know you have changed your mind and moving the fuck on.
Or…don’t even bother with her.
It is either a Fuck Yes or Fuck No.
Anything else is complete utter waste of your time.
No one can give you mixed signals if you shut them down with utter direct words
and action.
And don’t think being nice is going to do you a damn lot of good,.
Let her know to behave herself, either Yes or No, you’re not looking for pals,
friends with her.
You got nothing to lose.
Yes, awesome. You move forward.
No, awesome. You still move forward with someone else.
Ignoring or don’t know, then it’s not good enough and so move on, and forward.
Learn to move on faster.
It’s a skill. Apply it and you save a lot of time and energy.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you have the heart to cut people out of your life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very simple….
1. Person is toxic
2. Person takes you for granted
3. Person doesn’t show aﬀection
4. Person is doing silent treatment
5. Person beings no value to you
6. Person is a liar and manipulator
7. Person talks like a victim every damn time
8. Person all self absorbed and it’s all about their life
9. Person who thinks their role is to save people and can’t mind their own
business
10. Person who thinks they saints and can’t stop keep talking about their
religion
11. Person who bores you to death on why life is bad and talking shit all day
how bad their day is and who did what to them blah blah blah
That’s a lot of toxic energy and emotionally draining for your life. It can suck your
own energy to such a level it aﬀects you and your life.
Before I was patient but now I am in my 40’s and so I won’t make room for these
piece of shit of people in my life when there is far too many good people in world
to connect with.
I like my life to be ﬁlled with awesomeness, positive and all these folks on that list
can lose themselves in their own cesspool but without you being with them or
me.

There’s a lot of screwed up people in this world and they all look nice, naive,
innocent, shy, awkward but really they are deadly, like a snake, and you won’t see
them coming if you’re being naive or haven’t got much experience of such people.
You cannot save the world or change the world but you can change how you let
people treat you. You can change the way you never be a doormat for people,
organisations and social groups.
You set boundaries and those who come and go like they think doors always open
for them when they got what they wanted - you shut that door tight on them.
Burn that bridge.
When you reach that place where enough is enough, you’ll do it it too.
It’s not just about you.
You might have children. You might have a family. You let those scum in your
world and they can have an eﬀect on them too. You can’t protect your close ones
from world but you sure can ensure the world knows it cannot step into your door
ad think it can do whatever it wants.
26.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some women who talk so badly about guys get married,
and if they feel that strong about how awful men are then why
stay married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called gossip.
It means nothing and they will do the opposite to what they say.
Just ﬁlling the empty space between their ears.
You’ll see lots of people do it, women and men. Just take it with a pinch of salt
and stay away from people who gossip. If they can talk about someone, they’ll do
same with you when your back is turned.
794 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by G. Ramesh

Why do people say going to the movies on a date is a bad idea?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason is..it creates awkwardness,.
1. You need to talk.
2. You need to build attraction
3. You need to ﬁre each others emotions and imagination
4. You need to be brave and get physical, walking hand in hand, physical
conversation.
You cannot do that sitting like a statue watching the big screen. You need to talk,
learn about each other, laugh, ﬁnd out more about compatibility with one
another, see where you are at in what you are looking for.
Lots of talking. Lots of physical interpersonal interaction - physical conversation.
Having fun and getting to know each other more.
One hour is a enough to walk about, hold hands, get a drink of coﬀee or
something.
You want to make it awkward?

Go to the movies together and watch how awkward it makes you both feel later on
and it’s not something to remember.
It’s shit plan.
It’s boring.
It’s not creative.
It doesn’t do much to build on attraction.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should I bother looking for a relationship as a 30-year-old
woman when guys are always going to ﬁnd younger women
more attractive? Should all of us older women surrender to the
fact that we will never beat these young girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to ﬁrst stop looking at other younger women as competition. It’s very
soul destroying and not only that, you’ll project a negative vibe when a man is in
relationship with you and start questioning why he is dating you when he could
date younger women.
Let go of this and realise that it’s just your resources are low, you need to go out,
socialise more, work on yourself, and learn to be attractive with what you got.
Many older women are attractive in many ways such as..
1. You are are good listening while many younger women are not. Not all
but many are not and only talk about themselves.
2. You know through experience how man loves aﬀection, tenderness and
so you have this ability to show it.
3. You can dress up in a way that makes you stand out, elegant, savvy, sexy
in your own way. Just because your in your 40s doesn’t mean to stop
dressing up and smelling good, and looking hot. Many older women just
look amazing and that’s because they take care of themselves.
4. You have more sexual experience, you know how to make a man
comfortable and not judging him while younger will be far more
insecure, see sex as a function and shame, when you see sex as an
experience to explore with the one you desire.
5. You are mature and not just by some qualiﬁcation at school or college
but collected through time, what to say to a man, what not to say, how to
make him feel good, what is really important and what isn’t. You’re not
going to talk about shit to him, or what you eat or how mummy and
daddy don’t give you attention or who you fucked, or you crushed on, or
who checked your ass, which most young women do.
There is the way you smile, the way you walk, the way you smell, the eye contact
and the arousing when you converse to turn a man on to want to be with you and
he sees with you he can experience far more sexually, aﬀectionate wise,
conversation wise and even kinky wise.
You got to know how to project the positive of you rather always looking at the
negative.
Be excited.
You are at an age of freedom far more than most young have. Far braver and far
more open minded. You also have more patience while most force relationships
to happen and also love.

Romance is for young teens who believe someone is going to make them happy
and then wonder why the other guy doesn’t make them happy, and always try to
ﬁx and change the guy.
For mature, older, romance is about attracting someone where you are already
happy with yourself, where you see romance and sex not as a function to ﬁx, not
as a barter, not as some weapon but as an experience to enjoy together, and
knowing you cannot ﬁx and control the outcome where so many try to do because
you’ve grown wise on that now.
So a man if you’re in that mindset can be enrich by a more patient, by a more
stable, by a more emotional strength where you can show vulnerability while so
many women cannot and push men away. Where you are at a place of peace
already and a man isn’t about getting or possessing but experiencing together,
solving problems together when they come, exploring all your kinky ways too and
also guiding each other on the rocky terrain sometimes of life. That romance not
the teen school nonsense and most even adults believe today.
And when a man can sense you got that vibe and speak it lovingly without
resentment he will feel freedom while others try to posses him, ﬁx him and
change him because they are desperate for soul mate, desperate to be loved,
desperate to have meaning in life when you already..got..meaning.
There are plenty of men who desire to date older women but you need to go out
there, socialise more, be attractive in your thinking, behaviour and how you
project out in world.
No man wants to hear what you have said on that question.
We have had enough of insecurity of women, of their shame regarding sex, of
their drama regarding men, looks and all kinds of things.
Men want a conﬁdent woman and a woman who can project that in all she does
and says.
1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl called me ‘really good looking’ and we've been talking
frequently but she seems to be ignoring me today. What did I do
wrong?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah, it’s called..your too slow.
Escalate faster.
In other words, stop dancing around fear of rejection and ask her out.
Because if she is or was into you, she probably thought you're some nice guy, who
has no balls to ask her out and well, she lost interest. You just want to
talk..talk..talk like a friend.
Want more…then just ask her out.
Surprise the fuck out of her and I don’t mean ﬂowers, love letters and singing
under a Bannister.
Just walk up and ask her out.
If she says no, well, there we go.
Not every woman who gives compliments means she wants to date the guy but
you’ll never know until you take action.
47 Views · View Upvoters

Should you keep trying with a girl that rejects you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter why she rejects you.
You’re role is not about wondering why she does. It is to show your intent and get
a clear fuck yes or a fuck no.
If it is a no, you move on and you don’t start being some therapist wondering
what because you have this notion she “is the one.” There is no one and also you
are doing it due to lack of options.
You need to learn to move on faster or you will get hurt, you will waste time. You
already wasted time, being pals or behaving as such for a period of time, when
you needed to ask her out instantly.
If it’s a no, you move on.
If it is a “I don’t know” you move on.
It is a yes or a no, nothing else matters.
You’re wasting time, and this is what we call it - oneitis.
Go and research that word and learn to move on faster. It doesn’t matter why she
says no and forget being friends with her too. You only will do it to change her
mind and give her validation, self esteem boosting and use you for emotional
support.
Move on.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Shatz

How can you convince someone that being polyamorous isn't
'selﬁsh' or 'slutty'?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t and a person who is judging others in slut shaming has a long way to go
psychologically, emotionally, and growing.
That’s years of work for that person and just them saying that is already a red ﬂag
for you to walk away.
Look. Everything is due to a belief system of the person, their upbringing, their
cultural beliefs, the many bridges, rivers, pages, programs interlinked from their
upbringing, experiences, memories, insecurities, shame, guilt and most of all, the
bombardment of mainstream media, who they associate with, and it conditions
the mind of this person, their emotions, and most of all their perception in life
and how they see themselves and other people.
A person doesn’t just says “I want to be poly.” A person doesn’t just say “I feel
ugly.” A person doesn’t just arrive at a point in life saying, “all I attract is jerks,” to
a person who says “I will never marry.”
They had to go through many thoughts, many experiences, many landscapes to
get to that point.
A person is of memories, of experiences, of not just their own but upbringing and
so much more. It is their Psychological script, a story in their mind repeated and
reinforced by behaviour which becomes part of all who they are to create a
predictable outcome in their life.

So this person, wants a predictable outcome in their life, and so they role play
that story, that role, to make that predictable outcome a reality. It is how
unfortunately people ﬁnd meaning in their life, and answer why, who am I, where
I am going and why this and that is happening in their life.
And it happens in their life because they believe in this story, they believe this is
bad, this is good, this is oﬀensive, this is not, and all of it comes from shame.
None of the relationship models are right and none are wrong.
It is where someone desires to be but also they need to not slut shame people or
judge other people for whatever they go for and to do so comes from shame, as
that projects from them a mask of inferior, which is creating stress in them.
So when you talk to this person it is stressful for them, it triggers shame and that
shame triggers judging and brings up a whole lot of memories, experiences,
beliefs etc.
You are then is like someone who is trying to talk to someone who has all this and
expect it to happen in a day, a week when to arrive at this point took years for
many people.
The only reason is because you have an agenda because if you didn’t have one,
you’d have moved on and left this person alone rather than trying to convince
them about poly.
So either you are in a relationship you’re not happy with and are unwilling to do
the diﬃcult task of moving on from them or you know someone you want to
attract into a philosophy you believe in.
It is not just a relationship model or a lifestyle.
It is a philosophy.
People get to where they are through a process of time, experiences, insights,
learning and growing. Some are comfortable were they are and that is what this
person is saying but using immature way of saying it.
You are trying to ﬁx a square in a peg hole.
Move on and forget trying to convince anyone about anything. There are many
who desire what you desire, so attract them. It’s easier for you. They have already
traveled through many landscapes of life to be where they are.
829 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy looks deeply into your eyes
when you talk?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That you’re easy to talk to. You make him comfortable.
That’s it. Nothing much.
I look at women’s eyes when I talk. I like to give full attention when someone is
talking to me, so it doesn’t mean anything. It just means a man feels comfortable
with you.
Now, if he looks at your lips, looks at your eyes, back at your lips….many a times…
Now he's thinking “I want to kiss you so lean the fuck over to me..”
But it can also mean, “you talk too much.”
You’ll never know ;)

8.6k Views · View Upvoters

When a guy says 'we should take a break from each other' and
doesn't want you to be sad, what does he really mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ask him the following:
1. What it means
2. How long the break is
3. How do you both now communicate
4. And when to do so, in which it gives him space and yet communication is
still there - and - how. Phone? Text? Email? Face to face? How.
Because for you. you need details as you don’t want to be hanging around
someone who is really trying to break up and leaving you hanging.
If he doesn’t answer these questions, then it means he is psychologically
preparing himself and you to break up permanently.
It’s ﬁne having some space.
We all need some space at time for a breather —— but you need him to
communicate what does this mean relationship wise and logistic wise.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do about a woman I met on an online dating site who
says she lives and works in another country and wants me to
help her pay to get into the US to allegedly be with me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever heard of this:
“ There’s a sucker born every minute.”
Don’t be the sucker and move on.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think if a girl changes for someone she adores?
Doesn't she look fake?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like when you go and do a degree and then when you get a job, you got to change
all your routine to keep the job? Like when you got to wear a certain type of attire
for work and also be at the required time not when it suits you.
Like the way you did before, going to school because you had to change and do as
your told, following the system, go from one class to another, change, adapt, to
get those grades.
As you can see, we adapt, we change even though we don’t realise it. It’s not fake,
it’s just part of life to survive and to get from A to B to C.
People, they talk about “Oooh it’s my this, it’s my that,” but put what they so
want, really want, got to have, they’ll adapt when it’s serious for them to do so
within reason.
It’s not fake to be able to connect at a deep emotional level, to get along, to be
pleasant, to work together towards a common idea, to want to arouse, to excite, to

ignite desire, ﬁre up the attraction because the person desire that person.
It’s called - ﬁrst impression count a lot more than most think.
If she wants to dress up hot, do all what she needs, so be it. If she wants to kneel
down and be submissive, that’s her way. If she desires to take all her clothes oﬀ
and dance goofy for her man, that’s her way. If she wants to bang make up or
change her style of clothes, to make the best impression she can and give her
personality clout, then kudos to her.
And hope she ﬁnds what she wants.
Be happy for her.
Most people don’t know what the fuck they want but at least she does.
24 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when your ex-boyfriend does not message
you as much as he used to?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. You’re the ex
2. You’re not a priority anymore
3. He’s got a life to live
4. He’s got other women he desires to date
5. He’s got work, life or studies
6. He’s got more important things to do than give emotional support
If you wanted to keep the guy, you needed to be a Goddess. Then was the time to
really grab his attention like you’re the daughter of Aphrodite
Too late for that now.
You’re an ex.
Get busy with your life.
He is.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How are you supposed to react to your best friend who chooses
a guy over you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If they have to choose, you’re not much of a friend.
Friends don’t make their friend choose but rather, be there for them and are
happy for them, whether you like the person they are dating or not.
Good friends never play that transactional game, making their friend feel guilty
and having to choose.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think about girls who consider themselves ugly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That they feel inferior.

It comes from this word - shame.
It is the story, a script which is reinforced by their self talk and behaviour, to
cover the inner trauma or event in their life, or insecurities, and also because of
their own upbringing, environment they live in which made them believe they
are ugly.
So now, that script is very strong and they believe the lies they were told and the
lies they tell themselves, which is their self worth is determined solely on their
looks alone.
But they need to take responsibility of their own self development and cannot go
on blaming or looking back, or the story replays and is reinforced by their
behavior, which will get stronger through the years.
Inferiority = the root- feeling shame = creating stress.
All this feeds to their nervous system that eﬀects their response, reaction,
behaviour in life and feeds right back to the thoughts. Like an old program
replaying in their mind over and over again and going through their whole
system of their body.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who, after a
disagreement, goes days without speaking to you, looking at
you, or even acknowledge your very existence?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh yes. For sure.
And I blocked their asses from phone, on every social media channels so they can
go back to their sorry ass emotional attention, silent treatment, bullshit world of
theirs.
You know when they are playing the game and silent treatment. It’s after what
you said and so they read your messages and for couple of days don’t answer,
acting all that.
So moment you bring up something, they go oﬀ acting with drama about it,
maybe fake crying or devaluing you, they’ll disappears for days. It’s far more than
them being silly doing some punishment and for you to walk on eggshells.
It’s more of making you believe you did wrong or your behaviour was the reason
for this.
They don’t say they busy doing some work and will get in touch. They just see
your messages, and don’t respond. Like they are CEO of fortunate 5 company
making millions of dollars but really living in mummies, or daddy’s basement or
just busy doing same old living routine stuﬀ but doesn’t stop them replying.
That’s when infatuation is gone and you see them for who they are.
Then there’s the immature ones, who just bored shit of their life, probably in
college or uni, or dead bored marriage/relationship and need emotional stimulus
and when they get it they get bored and disappear like snakes in a grass.
It’s diﬀerent if you haven’t messaged each other for weeks and months to then
send a message, and expect a reply. Yes, connections can die and attraction too.
You leave it too long, well, the heart moves on.
It just now convenience not really wanting the connection for a true sincere
desire.

But with this…it is silent treatment for sure…
Moment you feel you are walking on eggshells, or your gut is telling you they are
showing their true nature, it’s time to shut that door tight. They can do all silent
treatment but you do the severe connection for always.
No hope. No door open. No pathetic silent treatment.
I go all the way in ensuring they get the message. That they may try that game on
anyone else but not with me. No matter how much I care about them. They do
that and they shown a side I despise in people. No matter how hot a woman is. No
matter how I feel and desired the woman. No matter what…I severe the
connection.
I cut them out of my life.
There is a reason why. I love deep and hard. It is never easy for me to do so as it
takes time but when I do, I let go then I give it all and if I ﬁnd when I do, that
happens, I now pull it back, all of it, like they never existed.
Even though I may love the person, really love them, even when it hurts deeply
and I thoroughly enjoyed their company, seen we can an awesome time, awesome
experiences, future and be supportive for each other, and be part of their life…
and wanted a future with them; I know love isn’t enough. I have seen what the
future would be with them by this behaviour and I don’t want that future.
When you now feel you cannot be yourself and when you got to question can I,
but what if - that is it. The awkwardness sets in and when that sets in, you just
fucked it up and it cannot go back to what it was. All it takes is one stupid move,
one hint of silent treatment, intentional or not, one move, and that’s it. The thing
I warned and said I don’t like and they do ot, or refrain from giving, creates the
awkwardness.
No use now even staying in touch.
No use meeting.
What’s the point. Awkwardness has now set in which is the opposite to attraction
and opposite for making a relationship grow.
It is not good enough. They are not worthy of me, my time and energy. So I take it
back, all of it. Even promises I gave, I take it all back not because I cannot deliver,
but it will not be valued,
If the other person tries that on me, then my other side steps up.
It is the beast, it is a lion and it has no mercy. It steps up and I cut that person oﬀ
my life without any explanation, like they didn’t even exist. It is the part I don’t
like. It’s the part I don’t want to be.
But I now got to be it and that is very hard to forgive when someone gets me to
have to pull that dark side of me out.
It only appears when someone does something like that to bring that side out of
me. No mercy, immediately burning that bridge.
I would suggest you be the same.
Life is too short and already messy to have such a person in your life too.
Find that dark side and unleash it so you can burn that bridge and move on.
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

Can I leave my house and move in with my girlfriend at the age
of 18? I am a girl who likes girls. My grandma doesn’t accept me.

That’s who raised me and that’s who I stay with. I just want to
move out from under her so I can be me .
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would do the following because you cannot bank on the girl you are attracted
to…
1. Make sure you got a job and income coming in.
2. Don’t move in with the other girl. Find your own place. Be smart. Things
can go upside down and then you’re stuck with a contract and it gets
very awkward or you got no job, income to move out fast enough.
3. So be smart. You’re an adult. Behave as such, use your head. Well, not all
adults are smart. Some make awful decisions but you know what I mean.
Plan for any up the shit creek moment. You don’t want to move back to
where you came from but move…forward.
4. So forget the girl you’re attracted to. Put yourself ﬁrst. Be stable,
ﬁnancially, job wise, and have your own place even if it’s just one shit
room with bathroom and whatever. That way you will be…yourself.
That way, if something happens with that girl and it might, as relationship,
people are unpredictable, you can get up, walk out of the door and right to your
own…home.
You don’t want to move out.
You want to..move…forward in life.
And if it works out with you and the girl, awesome but always, put yourself ﬁrst.
Make sure you got the foundation sorted to move forward..in..life.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I go back with my girlfriend who cheated on me and has
a baby with another man? I really love her, and want to work it
out with her and the baby. She says she loves me too. A guy left
her before the baby was born.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, because love is not enough and the proof is the baby from another guy. She is
only saying that because you is a second option, a standby, a provider type, until
this guy will for sure, come back and she’ll drop you so fast when he does.
Provider does not necessary mean ﬁnancial.
It can mean many things like emotional support, being there cleaning up
someone else’s mess and ﬁlling in the void until the father turns up again or she
ﬁnds another man.
To also being a white knight to come to save the day and calling it love as she
deludes you with what you want to hear and banks on your emotions of fear of
loss, your scarcity and her dangling of sex to hook you in, with some ﬂatter and
words of admiration….”I love you.”
That is why you are blind i.e. you are not thinking rationally but all emotions and
she is banking on this. All red ﬂags are there and yet you don’t even use reasoning
because you still call this “love.’
You think he’s not going to turn up in the future?
You better believe it. That’s his child and he’ll turn up, maybe not yet but in a
couple of years and when he does, she’ll drop you very fast. It be drama at ﬁrst

and she’ll tell you that she is only seeing him because he’s the father of the child,
and they’ll start seeing each other again.
Bit by bit, you’ll be out of the picture and when she knows she can have the other
guy back in her life, she will choose him.
You then cannot go oﬀ blaming her when evidence is clear as day. She is just
wanting to survive and yes, lie, manipulate, cheat and continue to lie until she is
in a position to be stable to drop you like a ton of bricks.
Think rationality….
She was dating you and the love she speaks of didn’t mean a damn thing when he
appeared, when she dropped her pants, when she opened her leg and rode his
dick as he pounded her pussy and ass, when she gave him a blow job.
Now sex is not bad. It’s not evil. It’s beautiful thing.
But when you lie, when you hide, when you manipulate and twist things for
survival and call it love, then we got betrayal.
And any person who betrays themselves will betray you when times are hard,
when times are diﬃcult, when the father comes back as fast as they said to you “I
love you.”
That is what you need to learn as a man,
The person who betrays themselves can betray you at the height of a moment
when you need them the most. When you needed her to show that love, that
trust, she betrayed herself.
That’s what you need to open your eyes to.
She does that and yet here you are talking about love when it is evident that love
for her wasn’t enough to remember that you was in her life.
A woman can fuck 10 men right now and I won’t see it a big deal. If my lovers who
I know into open relationships and we decided we can go and fuck whoever, I
have no problems.
I do have a problem with liars and those who use love as a word, and make it look
shit. Love is not enough. It needs to be backed by solid action and too many
women and men talk it but do not show the action.
Move on, the red ﬂags are there.
That is all you are to her - to survive until he turns up.
Start fresh, life is already messy, don’t make it even more for yourself.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

My friend and I pretended to ﬁght over this guy we didn't really
know in a group chat to see how he would react. Were we wrong
to do that?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget right or wrong.
The game was on you and your friend.
Two people, you and your friend, feed oﬀ each others energy to kiss each other’s
asses, validating each other on how cool you are.
In modern terms or science it is called transactional game and it is what the
insecure, the losers of life do to validate themselves to others, to get strokes, to

get a stimulus, to get a reaction, a response but in the end, in doing so, they have
belittled not just their own intelligence but also their friendship and alliance to
their fellow human beings.
You didn’t just play a manipulative game on some guy.
You devalued your friendship with your friend and she did so with you, like some
sort of proof of power, validating and impressing each other.
The game then was on you both because whoever plays the game, has already…
lost themselves!
809 Views · View Upvoters

Do you think that men and women are truly equal?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. On paper. Yes.
2. On mainstream media blah blah “should be” yes.
3. In forums - yes.
4. On radio - yes.
5. In newspapers - yes.
6. In real world - fuck no.
Don’t believe me?
Ok then.
Go into your local police station as a 6ft 2 man and say…
“I was attacked by a woman, she was going to rape, me, help me! Help!”
Or you have 100k and job and you’re getting divorced, and watch how much they
take from you and assets when she is also earning 100k and in a job.
Then watch and see equality.
You’ll be waiting for a very long time.
Men have killed themselves after they were abused by the court system and
lawyers who saw man as some criminal and woman as so innocent, so need help
and divorce was bad…bad…due to the man.
We got a long way for the world to live by what it preaches.
But hey. you’ll experience the double standards soon enough in the real world.
15.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't some women get the hint that my husband is a
married man?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What makes you think they don’t know he’s married?
They're probably going for him because he’s more valuable perception wise; a
thing to conquer, to win, to prove their stupid prowess, and then show oﬀ how
they attracted a married man.
So they probably do know and want you to know….they know ;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my ex harassing me to get back together when he’s
already moved on and so have I?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“…when he’s already moved on and so have I?”
He hasn’t moved on and neither have you.
That’s why.
You know when someone moves on. They shut the door, burn the bridge, no
texting, no more phone calls, no meeting, blocked everywhere.
That’s called moving on but your door is still open so you probably love the
attention he gives.
So forget blaming your ex, you are responsible for your own actions.
Burn that bridge and seriously, move…on because neither of you have.
8 Views · View Upvoters

A guy I like has liked me back for 3 years now, but still hasn't
made a move. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, neither have you. He knows how most women get all bitchy and all drama
when a friend guy asks a woman out he’s been friends with. It’s not new, it’s
common and lots of women complain about it.
So he’s not going to make a move due to fear of rejection and the dynamics. He
probably thinks you’d do the same.
You need to up your game instead of waiting around and let him know, dress up,
look hot, ﬂirt, and stir conversation to that direction with physical touch
conversation and start turning the heat up.
Time to get a move on before a woman who got her eye on him makes the move
before you do because this is why women aged 30 are still single. You are too slow,
you wait too long and expect everything to be perfect.
He probably feels he’s in zone, and you are just not interested but also he fears
rejection the way you do. He fears being called player the way you fear being
called too easy, slut, whore and falling for these stupid labels that has dictated
your life for years and ﬁnd yourself slave to your own fears.
Up your game if you want him or for sure, another woman will.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

A girl told me she didn’t have a good feeling texting me and that
hurt me. I’m good looking, so I am assuming she didn’t like my
personality, even though we chatted brieﬂy. Should I try to
change her opinion by pursuing her or let this one go?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called Negging.
She is trying to act like you have no value to her in order for you to chase her. It’s
all a bullshit game. Avoid falling for it. Don't start chasing and trying convincing
her.
She’s not smart or mature in her words to say she isn’t interest but devalues you
and makes it about you when in reality, it is about her, her judgmental ways, her

choices, her preferences. It has nothing to do with you or anything wrong with
you but her social skills are pretty shit.
She probably gave you her number because she couldn’t say no to avoid feeling
awkward and facing some conﬂict.
No matter what it is, you can see right now drama is starting to happen.
This is your ﬁrst red ﬂag.
Do not ignore it as it says a lot about her and a message to you..
“Run, fast, move on and don’t look back.”
Don’t give her another chance.
Avoid chasing anyone.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my daughter and boyfriend be secretly texting each
other?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whether it’s surprise party or whatever…I’d still go to your boyfriend and have a
talk with him. Be calm and communicate your concerns.
You want to ﬁnd out why he is texting your daughter, no matter, secretly or not.
Nip this in the bud now, quickly, don’t wait.
I’d forget about the surprise and get down to it and ﬁnd out why he is texting your
daughter but do it privately, not in front of her, at his place or when she is not
there ﬁrst. You and him.
I’d move fast if I were you.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to suggest a lady to reduce weight without
oﬀending her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no best way to…oﬀend someone ;)
1. She has come to you, and you’re a ﬁtness coach and says….
“I want to lose weight. I need a diet and ﬁtness program please.”
2. She walks into the oﬃce, you’re a doctor and asks..
“I need advice. I want to lose weight. What can I do in regards to small
steps ﬁrsts?”
3. She is your lover, partner, or wife and so, you…yourself…be an example
and hit the fucking gym, and kick ass and in one year you’re going to see
the diﬀerence big time if you are eating right, good diet, consistent in
gym and then she sees all these women looking at you and she now
thinks…
“OH SHIT! I better hit the gym.”
Or she sees how positive the result has been in you and is inspired by it
and asks…

“Hey, erm, I want to join a gym, and wondered, erm, if you would like to
train with me”
And you say, “Yes, sure but…I want you to book time with a coach in
gym, since he is a professional and can say what works for you not for
me, but I’ll be there with you while we train anyway.”
If none of these…
Don’t bother.
None of a man’s business saying that to a woman or a man.
I ﬁnd being an example is the best inspiration in the world and people hear a lot
on what they are not, and not what they are. So speak on what they are, the
positive, the traits, the skills but stay away from weight.
She didn’t ask for it and even if she did, usually it's a bullshit conversation game.
If you want a woman who is ﬁt, date someone whose values are ﬁtness and
health; someone who loves that kind of thing, who is passionate about it, or is
maybe even studying it and wants a career or is in this industry.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn't keep me sexually satisﬁed. I have told her
about this. She doesn't care. Is this okay? What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I am getting sexually depressed. I love her so i wont cheat. “
Who told you love was ever enough?
Love is never enough. It never will be, shall never be, not today, not tomorrow,
not years later, not ever.
Now we got that out of the way and you know love isn’t enough because if it was,
she be riding your dick often and she isn’t.
That’s why love is not enough.
In other words, I never, ever, date a woman who isn’t as passionate as I am, kinky
as I am, understands that sex is not a function or a decision that it says
“relationship,” but an experience to explore together.
She doesn’t want to do so because she sees sex as a function rather than an
experience to bond, to explore, to get intimate and to enjoy this sexual experience
journey together.
So you got two choice…
1. Stay with her and be miserable all your life.
2. Or embrace love isn’t enough, you got needs, you’re both not compatible
and so fuck it to hell, you move on and ﬁnd someone who is like yourself,
who sees sex as an experience rather than an a function, an experience to
explore, to go where she never did and nor have you, and grow, learn,
enjoy together,
It’s your life.
You either believe in that bullshit that love is enough or you realise, life is too
short, you're fortunate you haven’t got children yet, so get out now, and ﬁnd

someone who is is HUNGRY to experience sex with you, and explore with you and
grow with you in that area too.
You don’t want to be in that dark place many men and women are, married, or in
relationship, with children, no sex for 10 years or just plain sad, unhappy,
unsatisﬁed and stuck in hell for another 10 years or more.
Fuck that shit.
Get out now and ﬁnd someone who is compatible with you,
You think you’re going to live forever?
Life is too short waiting around for someone who isn’t compatible.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do? My boyfriend is good looking, attractive, dresses
well and a good height, 5ft 9. I feel insecure as he gets a lot of
attention from girls.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We are memories, connected to bridges of past life and even insecurities,
Hidden beneath layers of tapestry woven by our own minds,
Before you met the 5ft 9 attractive guy you weren't free,
You already were in a prison ﬁlled with low self image of melancholy,
Still hearing the echoes of the trauma of time, you thought you were ugly,
Looking in the mirror and at others comparing your beauty,
Always fearing abandonment before you ever met Dave, or John or Andy.
You’re insecurity is but the projection of your self image sung repeatedly,
Repeated in your mind like a DVD player, round and round it goes
And when your man attracts attention it surely shows,
When other women give attention to him - he surely knows,
But there is something you didn’t think about and here how it goes…
All men have emotions, feelings and they desire to feel alive.
Beauty can be ugly when she makes a man feel he has to compete to survive.
Day by day, always wanting to be loved by her and seen in her eyes,
That she trusts him rather than always competing with her own lies.
So a man who is with you even in the midst of all evidence you see,
Is due to how you make him feel alive; not all women have such ability.
Some have glorious ﬁgure and look but they cannot foresee,
That their man desires aﬀection, respect, and words to inspire him to see
Why he is walking on the beach with her and kissing under that Palm Tree
And he knows it's so not by what he sees, because that time has come to pass,
In which infatuation came and gone, and such hormones ﬁre does not last,
But that she soothed his heart rather than rekindle trauma of the past.
She knows the reason she attracted such a man is due to her qualities she
amassed.
Not one, two, three but a combination which he can feel as she unconsciously
broadcasts.
While others rain down with drama and manipulating games,
While many make a man feel deep at loss and drive him insane,
While some young and older make a man feel love is but a game
And when sharing what he desires he is responded with tears, guilt, and shame.
To ﬁnd the response he receives is immaturity to ﬁx, change and tame.
Here is a woman he can trust to share what he desires again and again

And does not make him feel guilty about it but know what he desires by the
colours, image, touch and name
Nor does she shed a tear to guilt trip him but to pleasure him all over again
And in doing so, he can be himself, wild, free, and loved with no blame
And she cares not how other women desire him or what they claim,
Because he…chose her our of all of them and the rest is but a child’s game,
Nothing but past stories of insecurities that work towards one goal, an aim.
To self sabotage and to create a ﬁctional story so as to tell a sad story once again.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if I asked a guy if he liked me because of the
way he was acting and he did not respond?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means we know you’re playing a conversation game. You don’t ask a guy if he
likes you so you can not go through, what we guys go through, called rejection.
Either go full on, show vulnerability, and ask the guy out or avoid playing these
childish school conversation games.
When you do that it feels like a trap for us guys and we don’t like such games.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I only have two pictures up on an online dating site, and a
potential date has asked for more if possible, is that odd?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You probably got crappy photos or angle shots which seems to be hiding. Or you
have ﬁlters on them or the photo shows you as some tiny person in the distant or
faded. It’s mostly blurred, hiding.
Also scammers show one or two photos on dating sites, so they may be worried
because of these factors.
It’s not odd for a person on a dating site to ask for more photos of you and of what
you look like today.
You need to upload diﬀerent photos without angle shots because it may seem like
it’s hiding your full ﬁgure. It must be clear.
Have diﬀerent photos of your lifestyle too and enough so their mind at ease that
this…is really…you and you in the present day.
Have plenty of close up photos, full ﬁgure, no angle shots and keep it real.
Make sure all photos are up to date and not 2 years or 10 years back or even one
year. People can change real fast due to weight; they let themselves go for one
year and you see them totally diﬀerent.
Make sure that if you were to meet you, that you would look exactly as in photo.
No surprises.
Trust is very important.
First impression regarding consistency is very important.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I’m 20 & my boyfriend is 32, I’ve been with him for almost 2
years & we’ll be moving in together soon. He swears that he

doesn't want children, but I do (some day). Should I be worried
that he'll never change his mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

End it.
You want children. He doesn’t want children.
Compatibility crisis!
Move on.
Be with someone who wants children.
Don’t complicate your life and the life of a new born baby. Starting on the right
footing is choosing compatibility.
There is no “changing his mind.”
If you do, he will despise you for it.
Fuck it. It’s done. Move on or it will end terrible for both of you and even for the
child if you have one, and you know you will.
There's nothing wrong with what he wants and doesn’t want nor what with you
want and don't but start with the best way you can for the sake of a higher chance
of a stable positive healthy relationship.
This is going to end badly if you’re hoping he changes his mind.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I avoid getting friendzoned? There is a girl in my
university who looks extremely beautiful, but I am shy and I
am afraid to speak to her. She looks kind of arrogant. How can I
speak to her without getting in a boring interview?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know the answer.
1. You hesitate
2. You take too long
3. You approach acting all want to be friends
4. And nothing happens
And I could say..
“Go and talk to her..”
It be awesome if it was that easy but it’s not for a reason.
It wont’ work because…
You cannot sit around, talking shit to yourself everyday, never, never
approaching girls, doing it, avoiding getting rejection, being all nice, friendly,
platonic, avoiding the pain of rejection and then THINK you are a rock star who
can do this right now.
You can forget it.
Your brain cannot help you because you didn’t help it.
You’re nervous system hasn’t got enough information that you have done this
action many times.

You have done nothing, whatsoever, to prepare for this day.
And who is she?
One girl, one, who you glorify, or self sabotage with this idea she is arrogant, she
is this, to rationalise, because that is what a brain that hasn’t done anything
courageous, hasn’t gone and did this kind of work, this kind of behavior, this kind
of action.
This isn’t about “getting a yes.”
This is about courage, about growth, about doing it again and again, until your
brain and your nervous system is conditioned to do this without hesitation.
So approach with this idea and truth, fact…
“If I don’t do this now, I am fucked! I will always go through this fear, always go
through this hesitation, always be in this shit, dark, crap place until I GROW
THROUGH IT again…and again…and again.”
And you go and do it and you get rejected.
But what happens is….you did it and grown.
That is the real prize.
Not her.
The growth, the realisation of self, the understanding of what to do more of to get
better . That is the prize!
Growth
You’ll be in one dating spree for maybe a day and girls disappear.
You’ll go through many no, no, no.
You’ll go through many yes and nothing happens. You’ll go through life in one
relationship and it’s gone, to another and another.
You’ll be at a stage when you thought this is it, you got someone and then
something happens and it all crumbles.
It won’t be the ﬁrst. It will probably happen many a times for you as it does for a
lot of people.
You’re own beliefs you had about women, about men, about life, about how it is
suddenly challenged. You ﬁnd much of what you believed is now in question and
you begin to wonder about so many things which you now realised is nothing
more than fallacies, myths and not true.
You’ll meet diﬀerent personalities of girls, to women in time to come. From the
fucked up, to the damsel, to the “I don’t know what I want,” to the “are you a
player,” to the “all I attract is jerks” to the princess type, to the “rah rah feminist
type,” to the revenge type, to the one who hasn’t got over her ex type, to the
introvert, to the extrovert, the “I don’t want sex ever,” to the “ I love sex” and on
and on it goes.
You’ll also meet women who enrich your life, who got value, who are not as
fucked up as the ones you met.
But all this information gives you insight not just about the world around you,
not just about women, not just about men, but also about…yourself. You begin to
see why you are where you are, what you need to let go of and make room for so
you can grow.

You’ll get to a crossroad many a times and you realise this is far more than about
dating, women and sex but life in general. You’ll see all the holes if you’re ready
enough to let go of your own lies and the lies the world tells you.
It gives you amo, information about yourself on what to reﬁne, tweak, never
compromise on. It gives you understand of social dynamics.
You grow in maturity, experience and can see far more than most ever will and be
able to do what most are incapable of doing and not because they haven't the
ability to do so but their mind and body is not conditioned to take action fast
enough or even to take the action.
They are far more closed in, far more scared, far more negative in mind, far more
skeptical, far more judgemental and closed minded. Far more awkward and far
less in social skills and lack of social freedom.
While your resources grow, theirs become little and what is harder for them
becomes far much easier for you. While most do on scarcity mode, you can say to
a woman..
“No, not good enough. Bye!” knowing you can pick up the phone and 20 women
waiting for you to date and they’d love to, and they are not playing games, nor
following some dumb stupid dating rules.
It gets easier for you.
You will have women telling you… you are their world, heaven and earth and it
will always mean shit, nothing, zero as they suddenly PFFFF, gone.
You will get to a stage where you can control your emotions even when the
hottest woman is around to ask the tough questions, and if she doesn’t answer
these questions…you got the balls to walk away because she’s not good enough,
and she cannot give what you want and you’re not going to compromise.
But one day you will meet someone and you will be so fucking ready, armed to
the teeth with knowledge, experience, the neediness gone, this thing that gets
men kissing women’s asses is gone.
You are a challenge and you challenge her because you can and will.
In other words, you got a lot to learn but it’s an awesome journey if you see that
what you get over sooner than later, is going to give you the edge not just in
dating but life in general.
It is never really about the other person and what you think you see. It’s really
about you and how you see yourself.
So you got a decision to make…
1. Either learn the slow and harder way.
2. Or you learn the faster way.
Both are going to be painful and both are nor easy but the second one has a faster
rate of growth in which you come to a place where you are more self aware than
other guys around you are.
You also see the bullshit many women try on you and slam the brakes on them
right there and then. You also see the bullshit men try to sell you and who have
never really done what I am sharing here.
It took me 2 years to get to the other side and I did it every day, seven days a week
because I KNEW WHY. I was armed with knowledge and understanding of why I
must do it.

It was and is far bigger than women, sex. It was about getting to the other side
and being at a point of social freedom.
I saw results in a matter of months but I wanted MASSIVE results and so I did
hardcore, 2 years solid and when 2 years were up, I kept going, never letting go
and sharpening the axe of experience.
I didn’t have what many had today. I didn’t have pickup artist books, or internet,
manuals and all that. I didn’t have Youtube videos.
You got all this, internet, books online, everything and even..coaches! I didn’t
have any of that.
But even with all that, it won’t help you until you sort out your mind and change
the way you speak to yourself.
You can take 2 years getting it or 20 years and maybe never getting to that
place and person you want to be.
You’re choice but don’t make excuses about how she looks like this, and looks like
that, and assume all sorts.
That is all in your head.
It is your brain trying to rationalise your fear of rejection and that is all it knows
because that is all you gave it. You never went and did it many a times, to get
results, real life experience.
Your brain needs results and that even includes failures but seen as learning,
ﬁguring it out, not bitching why this and that don’t happen.
You cannot do anything by self sabotaging.
You might as well forget it if that’s how you think when you see a woman you
desire or anything in life.
Life is about this..
What you want, is on the other side of fear.
No, not the girl.
It is called…courage.
It is called social freedom.
The ability to do what you want, when you want,. without hesitation, again
and again and over again.
That’s a skill that any company would want you to have.
You know how many wish they had balls, courage to just do?
Many women, many men, wishing their life away and..
“Oh I want this, I want that but…but..but…”
You want to be that kind of person then you’re heading that way but if you want
to be the person who wants to be stronger, you got to go through what you fear to
get to the other side..
The prize is not the girl.
The girl will say no, or yes, it doesn’t matter.
The prize is the lesson you learn about yourself, that you did it, that you realised
that pain is not that bad at all, and “what the hell was I worried about?”

Just think the following…
They too are scared. They too have shame. They too feel guilt. They too worry
about what other girls and guys think of them. They too worried of their body, of
how they look, their appearances. They too are shallow.
They also fear rejection.
So when you approach understand this..
She is not superior in any shape of form and you are not also to her.
She like every woman on this planet is in equal terms of fear, insecurities but you
cannot comprehend this because…you…are always…in your head.
The cameras in your head is pointing all at you when you need to observe the
world and participate in it through action, not assumptions,
You don’t judge, you don’t assume until you have taken the action,
participated, engaged, and done so with a goal of whatever it is you want to
ﬁnd out.
Or you are over thinking. In your head.
So get out of your head…
And just know….what you need to make things happen…is on the other side of
fear. You got to go GROW through it or you will go through this delima, this fear,
again and again and it will plague your whole life.
Trust me. You don’t want that to happen,.
If you let it, you are no good for your next generation and they’ll grow up like
most guys, useless at the most basic things that has created the population of
human beings on this planet.
So you either want to grow or be extinct.
You’re choice.
5k Views · View Upvoters

Me and this guy like each other, but when I texted him, he
didn't reply. I found out he was on at the time. What does this
mean? We are in middle school.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called…
“If you’re serious about me, stop with the texting and tell it to my face…or…I assume
all you want is attention like all the teen girls in middle school who want to brag
some guy texting them…”
Avoid making technology a crutch.
You don’t text a guy who you’re attracted to and assume anything. You got to ﬁrst
establish attraction is mutual.
And “like” when I was in school as a teen meant fuck all.
I did take it seriously when a girl came to me, face to face, and showed courage to
ﬂirt, be fun and ask me out. Then I knew for real what it is. Any notes back then
saying ‘like’ was trashed in bin. I didn’t see that as serious.
Like’ doesn’t mean much and can be taken as ‘like as a friend.’

So ﬁrst establish what it is face to face with the guy so texting has context or he
will not bother.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys ever miss the girl they themselves dumped?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure, some will miss.
But don’t confuse missing someone as wanting them back.
That’s entirely a diﬀerent story altogether.
That would depend on what…the..girl…does next after she is dumped. If she says
something, writes something, that feels like she’s being self righteous, digging
into him, then she has probably burnt that bridge for him ever coming back.
Missing someone and wanting a girl back is diﬀerent.
Even if the guy loved her deeply, if you say certain words after he disappears, you
probably have by your own words and actions shut that door tight. He’ll miss the
girl but he’ll remember the words she said or wrote.
Also he’ll remember why he moved on.
If you teased him, if you with-held something you knew is important to him, and
even if you didn’t now and yet too slow to listen and take action on it…and it
frustrated him, the he’ll remember it. He’ll remember how it hurt, how it
annoyed him, how it frustrated him, how he got angry inside of himself due you
not giving what he wanted when you knew this was very important to him. That
too plays a big part because that reveals this can happen again and he doesn’t
want to be in that dark place again due to you unwilling to give and saw it as not
important for him.
People move on because they don’t get what they want. It’s that simple and
people still don’t get and if you could’t give it, why bother starting something
anyway with the person.
So that places a part too and…what I mentioned before…
Any action after he moved on, disappeared, whatever, blocked, or whatever….and
you said something, hinting or tried to act like you don’t ant him back…..the any
action you do from that day forward….will be seen as an attempt of you seeking
nothing more but attention to trick him, a game, a plot an action out of malice to
get him back to dump him.
So make sure, you don’t say anything or write anything that claims you don’t ever
want that person back.
You’d be glad you didn’t do that and you’ll be glad to remember what is very
important to that guy if…you ever…want to be back together.
Breakups happen, it’s painful no matter how it happens, good way or bad
way….but be careful with guys where we got big egos, you start acting masculine
yourself, all this..talk or words you don’t want the guy back or don’t love him
anymore…pretending you don’t feel a thing…is the very thing that attracts a
man….and…he might believe those words you said KABAM!
You just killed any chance of coming back together.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How can the silent treatment backﬁre?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Covert Narc - one day, two days… silent treatment.
Other person..
Blocks phone
Blocks all social media channels
Grabs jacket
Goes out
Comes back with hot sexy blonde and hot black woman
Has an incredible threesome
Grabs a beer
Returns to bed and more sex
Cover Narc - SHIT! He’s a Bad Boy
Bad Boy - That’s right bitch.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend of two years broke up with me because I cheated
on him one month after we ﬁrst started dating. I miss him.
What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“…even though what happened was from 2 years ago?”
When someone gets hurt, especially when the trust is broken or any kind of
trauma, you don’t realise that it stays in the long-term memory.
Not only that, you don’t also realise it changes that person in every way possible,
even how they see women, how they see people in general, how they see the
world and you think cheating is a thing that’s all…about…you.
No, this isn’t about you anymore.
It was about both of you when together but the moment you took that decision
that is ALL ABOUT YOU…not him, but your own selﬁshness, it’s not about you
anymore because now…it is about him.
How he feels.
How he tries to struggle with the person he was to the person he is now after the
trauma, the hurt, the broken trust, the ideas in his head about women, the beliefs
he had about relationship.
In other words - you fucked up all that for him in one stupid sweeping action and
don’t say you didn’t know what you was doing.
You knew what you was doing because anything like this is a calculated, planned,
thought through and is pumped with pure desire and lust.
Nothing wrong with sex.
Nothing wrong with desire.
Nothing wrong with lust,
You can go and fuck 10 men right now and nothing wrong with it. In ass. push
and sucking dick BUT…..if you’re in a relationship and the other person doesn’t

know well in advance that is what you want as a model in a relationship, then you
betrayed this person and their trust.
But if they are ok about it and they will be if they are in same line of relationship
model where they date and have sex with others as you do, then it’s all honesty,
it’s all clear, no hiding, whatsoever.
There is an understanding. There is honesty. There is this amazing and incredible
connection and bond, and trust.
There is a world in which you both live in and codes you live by and it doesn’t
matter what the world thinks.
But you didn’t do that and this was not that type of relationship model.
What is wrong is not the sex with someone.
Sex gets blamed for fucking everything because it is always seen as a function not
an experience to enjoy but a function, a plan, a goal, a dictating of some outcome
and pumped up with fairy-tale Cinderella and the Prince stories.
What is wrong is the cheating part, the lies, the hiding, the betrayal of someone’s
trust in you.
That person even after 5 years, 10 years, will remember this and if they got
the conﬁdence, self awareness. They don’t forget. It can eat someone inside
to want to move on as they tried but it plagued their mind.
He didn’t forget.
It plagued his mind.
Moment this is done, there is no going back.
That person will always remember this betrayal, this action in which you caused
this person trauma, pain and most of all which is unforgivable, they now diﬀerent
to the person they were.
All they believed in about love, romance, all, is now upside down.
Your action has changed this person’s perception.
Not just about you but mostly everything now.
What to do now?
You did’t ask that to anyone when you went and cheated and now you’re asking
that after damage is done?
You move on.
It’s done. It’s over.
The damage is done way back.
Forgiveness does not mean forgetting. That’s problem with society today. People
think they can go oﬀ doing things and think an apology ﬁxes things and someone
who forgives means…they forget.
That is not how our brain works.
We are not wired to forget this kind of pain. It stays in long-term memory. It can
deﬁne a person, it can change them and it can change how they see people in
general and especially the individual who cheated.
He tried but he probably loved you deeply, trusted you so much, never thought
the person who would stab him in the back would be you, but you showed that

even the one who did all those gorgeous words, all these promises, the one closest
to him can do exactly that!
That is why it hits at the core of his being.
The greater the love for someone, the deeper the wound you cause. The deeper
the knife digs in. The deep the scar that can not heal for a long time and may
never heal to change this person.
The poison was poured into this relationship by that one action and it’s sharp
teeth and claws has been eating it up piece by piece through his mind, until the
rope snapped.
It’s broken and you cannot ﬁx it.
It’s over.
Learn from this lesson and move on.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some ways to get over a woman I loved so much, I put
all my time and energy into her, I don't ﬁnd joy in anything now
that she's out of my life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how you put ALL your time and energy on her which is a very big
mistake to do even in relationships?
You now put ALL your time and energy in you, your career, your income, grow
your resources and interests, which gets you busy and time to heal.
You don’t put ALL your energy and time in a woman, or you will ﬁnd your life
ends shit. Woman is not the centre of your life and never will be. Get rid of this
romanticism bullshit and get real with life.
You need balance.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl's face turns red after you reject
her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, it is natural feelings, emotions, in which a human being fears rejection,
and so when she got rejected, she felt embarrassed, humiliated, which she
shouldn’t be as that’s part of nature ﬁltering system.
But her expectations were probably high and ﬁlled her head for sometime before
approaching you, and so due to that picture she replayed many a times, the
rejections will be harder for her. It means…it hurt her but it’s not your fault, it is
how it is. People don’t like to be rejected.
Also people grow up in society putting their own self worth on who accepts and
approves of them, which again is another reason why rejection hurts.
I hope though you rejected her in a polite way in saying you’re ﬂattered and
you liked her conﬁdence but you don’t feel the same way.
Just avoid trying to make her feel better and you made a decision clearly, and not
go back and forth.
Let her be.

Let her move on.
It’s good for her as this is part of growing in the real world.
Even women get rejected and wake up from fairy tale that every guy is going to
say yes because she has tits and ass.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why does this girl keep ﬂirting with me if she's already in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The story goes, a boy was walking about and suddenly, he heard a dog cry out in
pain. The boy hurried to see a dog owner sitting down and his dog beside him.
The boy watched people walk by and as they did, the dog would again give out a
cry of pain and then settle down when people were gone.
He had to ﬁnd out as he loves dogs and so he asked the dog owner.
Boy - Mr, what’s wrong with your dog?
Owner - It is in pain
Boy - Pain?
Owner - Yes. He’s sitting on that plank of wood and it’s got a nail on it. Every time
the people walk they step on that piece, it rises, hits it’s bum and he cries out in
pain.
The boy puzzled and asked..
Boy - But why don’t you sit somewhere else with the dog?
Owner - I tried, he won’t move
Boy - But why won’t the dog move then somewhere else?
Owner - It’s like people who blame others for their own behaviour. People when
they have had enough of the pain, they’ll not have it anymore and move on. He’ll
do the same when he’s had enough of the pain.

In other words, the girl does so because you let it and frustrates you but not
enough to do something about it. So like most people you blame the plank, the
nail i.e. someone else.
So forget asking why she does it.
How about why don’t you take responsibility for your own actions?
How come you don’t tell her to go and fuck oﬀ?
Second, she maybe doing so for attention, to make herself feel she is a woman
who wants to feel she still got the stuﬀ to get a guy’s attention…because her guy
doesn’t give her the attention as much as he used to. It gives her the kicks to know
she has that delusional power.
So she uses you to boost her self esteem.
You give her the attention, you don’t slam the brakes down, you don’t set the
boundaries but instead let her do it and she knows she can do so with you.
No girls can do anything to you without your permission.
People play games but you can stop those games instantly but most don’t because
they are playing too even if they don’t admit it. They do so because they want to
get something out it of it.
It’s called…a..transactional game.

When you’re hurting enough, when you don’t do things to get something back
and you had enough of it the bullshit - you’ll slam the brakes down and let her
know you’re not some nice guy to fuck around with.
For now, it seems you like the attention but just remember, she’s riding her bad
boy’s dick and getting pounding in ass by his dick not yours.
Let her get her self esteem boost somewhere else.
You haven’t time to waste and approach other girls and spend your time wisely.
9.1k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to convince someone that they're in a toxic
relationship with a narcissist?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s like you talking to a crack addict explaining why cocaine is bad as they are
twitching, wanting the next ﬁx.
They will be all this in front of you…
“Yes you’re so right…”
And they’d go back to that very person still ride his dick or pound her pussy to get
the ﬁx again and again as you tear your hair out, wondering what the hell, after all
this person said, agreed, whatever and still go oﬀ doing that.
I won’t waste time saving someone who doesn’t want to be saved.
Just be a friend and say..
“Hey, you know, if you ever needed someone to talk to about anything, let me
know.”
Then throwin, “I am just saying because I sometimes need a good friend I can
trust and talk too as well..”
Throw them a book on Narcissism if you need to, but don’t spend your time
wasting it on someone who is so high on the drug,
Then if something happens and they got their ass handed to them 30 times,
they’d remember what you said and call on you.
Just know, people got psychological script.
The narrative, the story, the script in their head is reinforced by a behaviour that
has been done time and time again and you want to try and ﬁx that which has
been in their head and nervous system for years.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mandy Butler

Why would a guy who is uncomfortable with the opposite
gender and distant with girls for most of the time, ﬂirting with
this one chick (as in touching face holding hands, smiling
around her, acting diﬀerent)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She makes him feel comfortable
2. She gives a vibe he can be himself with her
3. She makes him feel he can show his desires to her

4. She makes it easier for him to do so while others may not due to
snobbery, or insecurity or following some fallacy regarding dating, with
playing hard to get, acting aloof, being judgemental and behaving in a
way they are perceived unapproachable
5. She is not judging him and so he feels that he doesn’t need to judge her
6. She doesn’t act aloof, playing hard to get and believes “fuck all this
princess bullshit. I like this guy so fuck society. I’ll behave to show I desire
him” and that’s what she does. She got her head screwed right and knows
how arouse the guy more than other girls do. They are too busy acting all
special while she behaves she is already special! Big diﬀerence.
7. Because there is far more chemistry with her than he has for others
8. Because…he wants to with her
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rahma

How do I keep a relationship with a narcissistic man going?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you’re asking is like this…
“How do you keep bucket full if it has a big massive hole at the bottom of the bucket
and I can’t ﬁx that hole? Every time I ﬁll it it goes empty. What should I do now?”
Yes, that’s how emotionally exhausting it will be and it never ends.
So forget it.
Get a new bucket without the hole, it be a lot easier.
It may have a worn out handle but hey, you ﬁll that bucket once and you’re on
your way. Why make life harder when it’s already is.
It’s why, whenever I ﬁnd out a woman is a Narc, instantly shut that door and I
don’t bother explaining. They know why.
Works so good and their Hoovering never happens.
Just burn that bridge and move on.
Nothing you give will ever be enough to a Narc. Nothing.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't girls do things for guys to make him feel special?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They do.
1. To the one they are very attracted to
2. And when they want to use a “nice guy” who needs to feel special and in
return the girl’s boost their self esteem up.
The mind fuck is how to know which one is you?
;)
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I like who rejected me is artistic and drawing pics of a
rose being cut in half. What does this mean, and how should I
interpret this?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget why but do this…
1. Block her from everything
2. Give her no more attention
3. And move on and approach other girls.
Let her play that game with herself because it worked didn’t it, to get into your
head.
That’s why.
She knows you’ll see it.
Now block her fucking ass on everything and move on. She can do the
Shakespeare drama all on her own.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it means when a girl says, "Whenever I am happy
Dont know why I start thinking about you? (She is a good friend
of mine)
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

These ideas remove from your mind..
1. Thinking she is attracted to you. She’s not. You’re just friends until you
ask her out.
2. Staying around he in hope she falls for you. Big mistake guys do
3. Looking for hints to ﬁnd out if she is falling for you. Big mistake.
What to do..
1. If you like her in a romantic and sexual way, say it and if she disappears
after that, that’s life. Friends are not everything.
2. Approach other girls and be direct and learn how to do it in an attractive
manner.
But don’t take what she says as romantic until you have made it clear by asking
her out and then….you’ll…know where she stands.
For now…
She’s just in a mood to vomit her feelings to you and you want the validation. Kill
the validation and just say thanks and think nothing of it.
Or if you got balls, ask her out and if she runs, well,good. You now found out what
you need to know but stop pining over her “OOoh I lost a friend.”
You’re going to lose a lot more in time to come as you see good friends are hard to
ﬁnd anyway and there’s more to life than friends.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Aditya Akash

Is refusing overtime after hours and on the weekend aﬀecting
me in attracting more money in my life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It’s can be due to lack of knowledge, skills to go for higher paid jobs and apply
to companies that can pay such wages.

You may have high expectations which the job cannot give and so you need to
change your strategy more, gain new skills and also make decisions not based on
fear but on future prospects you want in life.
Some people work many hours and but they earn a certain amount which may
seem a lot but when you pay out all your expenses, life in general, it’s not a lot.
You’re probably in comfort zone, and beating a dead horse or trying to get blood
from a stone.
Then there are those who work same hours but get paid much higher and even
when all is paid out such as bills and other expenses, they got a lot more to put
aside, invest in themselves, to grow more and reach higher level, and even go on
holidays etc.
There’s work hard but there is also work smart.
958 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Larry Dutton

A guy used to like me at my workplace. Suddenly, he started
avoiding (totally ignoring) me without any reason. What does it
mean? Will he talk to me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: A guy used to like me at my work place, suddenly he started to avoiding me
very badly (total ignore). What does it mean? Will he talk to me in future?

If a guy ignored you at work place it be for the following reason..
1. You behaved aloof
2. You behaved disinterested
3. You ﬂirting with someone else and not him
4. You was too slow
5. You appeared to not be attracted to him
6. You seemed like a player who plays hard to get
7. You was teasing him and most women have no clue how to tease and say
and do things that can hurt the man or he sees her in a light, he doesn’t
want in his life.
So no, he won’t, neither would I if the above happened. Avoid being ambiguous:
1. Go and talk to him
2. Give him more attention
3. Show clearly you are attracted to him
4. Compliment him on his traites
5. Ask him out for a drink after work
What most women teach and psychologist today, and magazine that you act
distant, aloof, play hard will work against you.
Men today, are not going ti take that kind of behaviour anymore. They rather just
work, earn income if they have to dance around some stupid tune.
Just know, dating someone at work can lead to drama.
Can you take it if drama happens?
Are you emotionally strong if you date and then break up happens?
If not, leave it and ﬁnd someone outside work.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by John McDonald

What do you do when you need someone to talk to but there is
no one for you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What should you do if you want to talk something out with someone, but
they don’t want to?

You leave that person alone.
If in a relationship, you let them cool down and maybe assess your status
regarding this relationship.
867 Views · View Upvoters

I've read from websites about guys that women over 30 have no
value and our only purpose is to procreate otherwise we're
useless. Is this how all guys feel?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, anything you see on a site, they are selling something. A message they will
constantly hammer for you to believe to subscribe.
What they miss and what most women miss when they touch on this subject….
All the time, women come up with this sex thing.
Sex this, sex that..
OOh he wants sex,ooh is he a player, does he want me for my body,”
If you look on Quora, there are many questions by women asking do men just
want sex, how do I know he just wants me for sex and my body, and not me.
They don’t get it.
They think sex is something you give to ﬁx and change man, rather than
something beautiful to experience with man without the expectations in which
they think they can..control…the..outcome.
I mean what fucking aduacity.
No one can control the outcome and a woman can say no to a guy but then she
needs to shut the fuck up when a man also says no to her and walks away, as he
doesn’t need that kind of relationship/
But no, it’s..
“Oh see, he’s a player, he’s this and that.”
Double standards.
Most women say “it’s my body.” and so it is for man and so man can walk away
but without udgement but istead, he gets judged for walking away as most
women label him as a player.
Player really means and not the mainstream bullshit that he has sex wth many
women, it means…
You as a woman cannot control sex with this man. Sex selection power does not
work on this man but it wll maybe on average man who is desperate to please, has
her on a pedestal, hope he gets between her legs.
Instead..
“Oh he’s a player.”

Women who say that need to get over themselves.
It is really this..
The expectations most women have and of the outcome.
It continues for history to repeat itself.
I have seen girls at school complaining guys don’t want them and yet, I saw
plenty of guys asking them out and they said no to them.
Why?
They didn’t have status.
They didn’t look in a certain way.
They didn’t have this and that, and it didn’t make them look cool enough.
I go to college, same thing.
I go to university, meeting some mates and I see young women fucking their life
over doing that same thing they did in school and college.
I go to work, job, same thing.
It is the same shit playing again in adult life and then these same girls grow up as
women downing tablets for depression, going for fucked up guys, knowing they
are fucked up but going for status, for hot looks and on and on it goes until they
had their fun, until they get tired, until their tits and ass, are sagging, until that
look of theirs and body doesn’t do the attracting anymore to get young hot guys
anymore.
So they then try their bullshit because they tried keeping a guy with sex and now
they are going to dangle it to keep a guy, and what they don’t realise is they are
projecting past experiences and using unrealistic expectations on men they meet
Women don’t need a Bad Boy to fuck them up. Most are already there before they
even get to 20 years old.
Do you see the pattern?
Most women only see…sex….sex…because you want to control the sex selection.
This comes from this belief…
Men use power to control women.
Women use sex to control men.
You can’t even have a discussion with a woman or approach and she got sex in
her mind, wanting to control the sex selection..
“Does he want me for sex or my personality.”
Most women age 30, 40 still think like they are a princess, in school or college
with a young body and all that and got HUGE expectations, when they are
fucking got shit to oﬀer themselves.
They think they can use sex, to control men.
“Oooh he wants sex, that’s why he’s attracted to me, so I will with-hold it to see how
long he keeps coming back and if he does, it means he has self respect.”
Then when you cannot change the man it’s..
“All men are players, assholes…”

History keeps on repeating itself that this has become a joke and such a familiar
pattern, you can say whatever but those who experienced this and got more
sense, and will think..
“Actually. Adam maybe an Asshole but he’s got a point!”
You don’t even need me to say it. You can see it in yourselves or the friends
around you. The women around you.
Just read on quora and it’s all there for you.
Then we got double standards because on one hand most women talking about
how men objectify and here we have tons of questions on..
“Do guys like cute girls?”
“Do guys ﬁnd gaps on thighs attractive?”
“Do guys like women with big tits?”
“Do guys like big ass?”
You objectify every damn day and in your fantasies and bullshit men all day long.
You see women with hot bodies and compare, you see woman with hot looks and
compare, you see an ex with another woman and compare, you see hot guys and
compare, objectify all day long.
You even bullshit men on how you see personality ﬁrst when we know, the
science of it, that people have limits regarding looks and so you’re going to have a
threshold on that too.
But sometime most women have expectations that they need to let go of because
you cannot expect one thing when you are not hat yourselves, and then blame
the guy for walking away.
I was on bus and there were two fat women, and their looks below average and
they are on about attracting a HOT GUY and because they can’t they are..
“All men want sex, that’s why.”
AGAIN! Sex. Sex. Sex.
It’s always sex the problem.
How about unhealthy? How about shit personality?How about most women don’t
know a damn thing about ﬂirting, dating? How about values? How about
compatibility? How about you’re awkward to even be with? How about you’re not
sexually conﬁdent and shit at sex? How about you just keep judging the guy and
he ca feel it by your lack of vulnerability?
How about you cannot even be bothered to talk his emotional language because
“OOoh he might see me as a slut, too easy, desperate.”
How about if you were like this and he did act that way that this is your screening
method to get rid of judgemental men?
How about a hundred more things a man sees in a woman he is attracted to or not
and think..
“FUCK NO!”
How about that when woman gets a man and relationship, she changes 180
degrees and expects the guy to stay with her when he can leave and do better
because that is not what he signed up for.
How about being real from day one and not try to ﬁx and change?
You cannot see what the real problem is.

Expectations.
It’s because they need to get real with this and not get some guy, then try and ﬁx
and change him to the expectations.
Most women’s expectations is just too much. You got to have your feet on the
ground, on reality not Hollywood/Bollywood or you’re going to ﬁnd yourself aged
50, bitching how amazing single life is, then bitch some more on on how all men
are bad and how jerks did this and that.
Imagine, a woman aged 30…
She expects some model type of guy or expects a guy with 100k income, a house,
car blah blah blah and she thinks her tits and pussy, and ass is something that
entitles that and looks at a photo of that guy and says..
OOh he’s 40 though and has a belly, and not hot looking and isn’t making 100k a
year.
Most women’s expectation today is CRAZY!
They are like some average looking girl looking at hot men photos in a magazine
dreaming of one day having a life with a ghost, while Dave, some teen guy, wants
to date this girl but to her he’s..
“Not hot, like the guys in the magazine.”
“What will my facebook friends say..”
“Will Daddy, Mummy be proud of the man I got?”
I cannot wait for young women to grow up and reality slaps them in face. I know
what’s coming for them and many are not saying it to them and just feeding them
fodder.
These young women, many of them will grow up depressed, shoving tablets, in
therapy because of this.
When you get to a certain age, as a woman, no mater how some white knights and
feminists like to kiss your ass, your market value has dropped.
If you’re 30 and still having these crazy expectations, you’re going to ﬁnd out
soon enough most men are going to laugh it oﬀ and walk away.
30 you’re screwed so you better deal good and lower those expectations ito the
world of reality or reality will hit you hard.
This isn’t the 1950’s.
This is the 21st century where men have many options, many do not want
marriage anymore, many are choosing to be single, many do not trust women,
man will not take the bullshit most did years ago.
If you wanted a man, the one, you needed to get your shit together long ago.
If you want a hot man, you better be hot yourself too and not start having
expectations at that age.
If you’re not rich, you’re not wealthy, and you haven’t got the looks anymore then
forget all that Cosmo nonsense and stories your friends feed you with, to make
you feel better.
This is reality not gossip woman magazine.
The real world does not work like motivational answers on Quora or Cosmo
magazine.
That’s what bothers many men today - women’s expectations.

That most women haven’t grown up, still got some princess like expectations.
You keep saying no man wants you for you, but really there are many men who
would but you’re expectations is killing your time on this planet because you got
tons of men around you who would but they hear…
“OOoh he’s not hot, not 100k and blah blah” or “no sex until we go to restaurants
10 times.”
That is why many men can’t be assed to even date, get into a relationship and feel
better to just invest in their job, career and keep their money to themselves.
Relationship now for MOST men is costly, it’s time consuming and the rewards
for it is not enough for most men today.
They get too much bullshit and feminism these days isn’t as it was. It’s gone
fucking barmy with too much double standards.
Even the system is against men and men cannot trust the system. So marriage for
many now is out.
That is why increasing number of men stopped dating and focused more on
career. At least in career and investing in resources is a far more guarantee they
will get something that can last longer and without losing it all in courts.
So it’s the ‘exceptions’ women have these days.
Most of these expectations are just damn crazy.
760 Views · View Upvoters

My ex boyfriend is getting married tomorrow. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You get a life
2. You change your desire to another direction which you should have done
way back before your ex got married.
3. You focus on your life, your goals, your hobbies, interest and hit the town
and meet new friends
4. You stop falling for the bitch called..hope and put more stock on ‘shit! I
am wasting my fucking time on a ghost?” and move on investing in
making your future.
5. You do a lot more for you and that betters your life and that means
enough of the drama you’re creating in your mind and body, and get on
with your life
6. You also let go of the teen bullshit about “the one” and you will meet
many “the one’ until you ﬁnd the one, and the one is a relationship you
nurture not ‘the one’ you ﬁnd or destined for you who makes you happy.
You’re job to make yourself happy. Relationship is about working
together to overcome challenges and win against the world bullshit
together not to make you happy. You make you happy.
Now go out and live your life and..
Stay out of your ex business, no more calls, no texting, no stalking social media
and set boundaries your ex doesn't call/text you either, and ensure the ex stays
out of your life and business too.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to confess your love to a girl? Why do they say I like
you but I don’t love you or let's be friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You was born, you learn to crawl before you walk then you learn to run. You don’t
shoot from child and adult in matter of a day.
You experience the morning, afternoon, evening.
You see an artist sketches ﬁrst or paints the ﬁrst layer, then adds the shadows,
getting the values right ﬁrst, and then ﬂeshes it out until becomes a fully visual
detailed painting.
You see see all this and more and yet, people still don’t get it.
That everything has a process.
It’s not about wrong or right. It’s about maturity and self respect and
understanding human nature, as well as yourself.
You don’t go and tell any woman or man “I love you” when they haven’t earned
these words and you haven’t yet established a history in which that person has
ﬁrst revealed they are mutually attracted to you, have also dated, have also been
in relationship and intimate with you.
The one’s who don’t get this in my personal opinion have a lot of growing up to do
and need to appreciate when you do that person paints a picture of you on how so
easy it is for you to say those words to that person when you haven’t even
established a connection, a history I have mentioned.
Also, the ones who do that in the beginning I won’t trust because most who love
bomb are Narcissists or fear of abandonment, and also have a lack of maturity
and understanding what love is.
This is your Hormones dictating not reason, not logic, not rationality but
hormones. Be self aware and you’ll learn to not make a fool of yourself and also,
have people abuse what you desire to give. You don’t say these words likely and
when someone has yet to earn them and you haven’t earned them either, by ﬁrst
establishing a journey with this person that is romantic and sexual through a
period of time.
You don’t love this person but the idea of this person.
You have no grounds to utter these words until there has been a process that
both, you and the person has gone through together.
Avoid being selﬁsh just so you get validated.
You’re going to make the person feel awkward just so you want to make someone
know of some feeling. You also do not know the person feels the same way and
they won’t only if there attraction towards you has been established and you both
experienced romantic an sexual experience together for sometime.
First respect yourself, be smart and the person needs to earn these words and you
also need to build trust through a process for these words to hold some substance
and for these words to be…believable and…true.
Life is not like Bollywood/Hollywood, where you sing to the person, or write
some love letter or profess anything. It is a process and how good you get with the
process does matter.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Deepak

This guy acts like he totally likes me, but then me and my
friends get him in trouble for harassing me, but it wasn't really
harassing. I'm guessing his parents yelled at him, and now he
won't talk or look at me. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You fucked up
2. Forget this guy ever give you time, attention and asking you out
3. Now back oﬀ and leave this guy alone.
You just proved how immature, childish and most of all - drama queen you and
your friends are.
Do you realise how if he got done for harassment by police, you could have
fucked his life over? For guys in this double standard world, if a woman cries wolf
they believe her on spot and without evidence. It is hard for a guy when shit like
this happen because that in his proﬁle, documents can ruin his life.
He’s going to stay well away from you as you are dangerous.
Stay away or he’ll do you for harassment…and grow up!
Find some new friends who can be of positive inﬂuence and start realising your
actions have consequences and can haunt you too.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Adison Winter

Women often appear to use selﬁes for online dating, but I've
heard that they frown upon men for doing this. Why is that?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not true. There has to be some context. Like for example one of my lovers, she
likes the selﬁes of one guy because she knows him from other friends, and he’s
funny.
Other guys as well work in same department and they put selﬁes up but they
more funny selﬁes, and so she likes these photos.
But I would seriously, never do things to get validation from women and worry
about if they like this or that.
If he is hot guy, they all “OMG wow.”
If he’s not “he’s a creep.”
I have seen too many experiences like that and ﬁnd women do that. Tested these
out also on many dating apps and it’s crazy, double standards, hypocrisy but it’s
same as well with men too.
If you look at us guys, we do the same.
If it’s a hot woman, “OOoh she’s cute, hot. So intelligent.”
But if she’s average looking, “God, what is she doing?”
Also as human beings, we’ll look for things to judge to make ourselves feel better,
superior and deﬁne meaning in our own life. I won’t then take such comments or
thoughts seriously.
So it depends on the woman,context and also how she feels, her mood at that
moment, and who that guy means to her i.e. perception.
736 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zach Bowman

How do I know if a Chinese guy is still single or already
married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would ask him. You don’t have to go straight into it but ﬁrst build rapport, get
talking to one another, it can be about topic regarding society, norms, Chinese
traditions, and then later lead to the question of whether is married or not.
It’s not what you say, it’s how you say it.
It’s a personal question so ﬁrst build rapport with the guy and then lead to the
question.
951 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mariz Briton Laconsay

What is your most recent sketch?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Dec 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My most recent sketches is thumbnail layout sketches for a magazine I am
writing and designing called UNCHAINED…which is about educating and
busting many myths regarding dating.
Here’s a few of my layout I just ﬁnished. I’ll later post a video as I record the
process…

Sketching doesn’t have to be for paintings you frame.
I use art to tell a story which starts by sketching it out and later paint each one,
which can be like these for magazines I illustrated and write the content for, to
also designing and then publishing them.
Sketching allows me to get the concept sorted on paper and then ﬂesh it out
before initial hard work after.
It gives me clarity and direction because I can’t make mistakes in middle. A lot of
work in thought, strategy and planning, to even marketing concept goes into it.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if a girl I like who rejected me has now started
being very ﬂirty and touchy, but when I try and reciprocate, she
pulls away or calls me out on it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No girl does anything without your consent. The way I deal with women like her
is simple..
Me - Desperate for attention are we?
And I don’t say it nicely either.
Be an asshole once in a while because right now you do things for validation,
kissing her ass and letting her do whatever she wants. She knows she can because
she knows you want her ass.
Slam the breaks down by setting boundaries and let her know, her game is over.
Ignore her, let her know you’re not some toy to switch on and oﬀ because she
knows she can do this with you, as she knows you got her on pedestals.
Don’t waste your time with girls who want attention to boost their self esteem
because she’s using you for that.
You’re going to meet plenty of women like this in time to come, from house wives,
girls already got boyfriends, Covert Narcissists, Damsel in distress and all sorts of
fucked up women who do everything for attention; and when they get it they are
gone.
I call them the Modern Day Sirens.
You’re role is slamming the breaks so you know where you stand and if it’s not a
Fuck Yes, it’s a FUCK OFF out of my face.

Sometimes you need to be an asshole to teach someone a lesson you’re not that
guy to fuck around with.
Avoid seeing women as princesses, gentle because they are not. They can be very
manipulative, nasty with the emotional mind games, and even think they are
entitled.
So start learning to being assertive even if you need to be an asshole sometimes to
put such girls in their damn place, in realising you’re not some nice guy who is
going to tolerate that bullshit. That their pussy, tits and ass doesn’t mean shit and
they are not special.
Let go of this need of wanting validation.
It is either a Fuck Yes or fuck oﬀ.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Cristoph Catalin

Why do guys claim they love a girl and still choose to be with
another instead of the girl they say they love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this guy I knew and also a woman who was dating him. She said he
loves her and I said “love isn’t enough if you think that’s going to do it.”
What she thought is when she didn’t want sex with him, that love will save the
day. In fact, love doesn’t do any saving at all. That’s not what love intended to do
at all,
Love is a commitment and it is a choice you make while attraction is being
bombarded with hormones that takes you on a roller coaster, like kaboom,
instant but even these die down.
So she couldn’t give him what he wanted and she said to him what she said to me
about love..
“But you love me.”
His reply..
“Yes, I do but love isn’t enough and it wasn’t enough for you to have sex with me
either. So if this what love means to you, then it’s not what I want.”
He left her, met another woman, who is very high sexual, into all kinky stuﬀ and
he’s been with her 10 years now and going strong. They happy together and he
made the right decision from looks of it.
Love isn’t enough and never will be.
For some people, well, they settle.
For others, settling is not an option to take in this short life. For others, all they
got is survival, dictated by social norms, culture, religious and fear what relative
will say if they say enough is enough and move on, to others stuck because they
now got children and don’t know what to do.
It’s easy to say those words, easy but it is in the action that you show love too.
Sure, say it but also behave it so.
Compatibility should come right at the top of your list because when all said and
done, hormones die oﬀ and compatibility is going to go a long way to spice up a
relationship and make life so much easier.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

After dating a woman and making a connection with her, I
mentioned I'm divorced. She became very upset and asked why
I didn't mention it from the start and now she wants to throw it
all away just because of this. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What to do?
1. This is planet earth..

2. There are billions of women on it.
3. Move on and socialise.
Forget trying to convince her but do use early on “I’m divorced” as a way to
screen women out.
Listen to the feedback.
Life is about experiencing, picking up the feedback and getting better each time
you move on.
It’s also an awesome ﬁltering system which reveals who not to have a future with
so you’re in luck.
You screened out one.
Keep going, you got a lot of women to screen out to get to the one that isn’t
entirely fucked up by the time she’s 20.
Yes, it’s that bad out there ;)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why must a woman be submissive to men and not the other
way around?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why do most women attract men who are not compatible to them to then try
and ﬁx and change?
There are men who are submissive and desire dominant woman as a
partner
There are men who are dominant and who desire submissive woman as a
partner
So the woman is not every good at selecting compatible partners and doesn’t
want take responsibility for her own actions.

That she probably going for man’s looks, status, rather than compatibility, and
not taking responsibility for her own lack of maturity and skills.
So take responsibility and attract what you want and not what you don’t want.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Can you show some of your latest sketches?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Dec 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll show the ﬁnished sketch and you can see the process. This is only one frame
of an animation I am doing…

1. The ﬁrst initial line sketch..

2. I don’t like painting without adding background dark grey colour. It’s not good
for the eyes and the work ﬂow for me.

3. I start adding ﬂesh tones…

4. I begin to work also on shadows and light..

5. I keep working on it and adding details o skin and lighting other areas. You can
see I added some red and even blue. although it’s not that noticeable...

6. Time to work on the guy in foreground but to not add too much details. I also
add some purple and other colours to bring ﬂesh to life on the woman…

7. Adding more values…dark, lighter to the guy…

8. The ﬁnished sketch and I got hundreds of frames yet to go as it’s an animation
that tells a very erotic story.

45.5k Views · View Upvoters

I ignored a guy who liked me for a long time but now I like him
but he started ignoring me after I ignored him, what should I
do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do the following..
1. Leave this guy alone
2. Go and live

3. And stop chasing status = a guy who is now a challenge.
You missed the ship long ago.
He’ll not see you in a positive light and probably has a lot of negative vibes about
you. I know I would and not bother even if a woman like that approached. I
cannot stand these childish immature games.
It wasn’t easy for him to approach and now when you do approach, he’ll do same
to you just to teach you a lesson.
Best you move on.
3k Views · View Upvoters

If I'm starting to date someone and we haven't said explicitly
that we're exclusive, is it OK to have sex with other people?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would respect the person you are dating. It’s good you’re asking the question but
you are also asking it because your are in conﬂict inside you.
You are doing things out of fear of loss.
Let go of this fear and be honest with the person and this is not something out of
ordinary but actually makes sense to date others as well but you need to be
honest with the person.
They may not like that because they follow some norms, some beliefs and so you
give this amazing opportunity for the person to also..have..a..choice.
Even make it part of your values, part of how you do things and if the other
person doesn’t like it, it’s part of your screening out process. I have my own
screening out process to ﬁlter women out that I do not want in my life.
Give the person that choice as well, in letting them know you want to also date
others because none of you know how it goes.
If the person isn’t liking the idea then you also get an idea of their own mindset,
thinking and also maybe it is helps you decide that it is best not dating this
person anyway if they are like that because they will come with other beliefs that
you may not want in your life if a relationship does happen.
You can expand to ﬁnd out why they think so and see more of that person.
1. Communicate
2. Be clear and direct
3. Set boundaries
And don’t worry about the person disappearing because of it.
You’re going to screen out a lot of people and that’s how dating needs to be. Most
also, screen themselves out because many women I ﬁnd are either depressed,
either fell for the romanticism of it all and really too much of a hassle and drama
to even bother with. Some are also impatient and still immature and some don’t
know what the hell they want which is obvious why they are in that place in their
life.
Keep an eye on the red ﬂags and avoid letting your emotions blind you to believe
that any person is “the one.” There are plenty of options out there where you do
not need to settle with anyone who gives you a hard time, playing games, or just
someone who just brings a lot of mess or beliefs of some kind which can later
eﬀect the relationship in the future.

Don’t just settle.
You need to put part of yourself out there and that’s what will attract quality
people to you and will also pus people you don’t want as well.
Saves you a lot of time and headaches in the future.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

If you've been rejected so many times and out of nowhere
comes this girl who is more direct and into you than you'd
thought you ever deserve, would you reject them to spit in life's
face for playing you? I did, feels good.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A woman approached or asked you out and you proved to life…you’re..not…
ready.``````````````````````````````````````````
Learn the lesson and grow.
This shows why you screwed up in approaching. You sole purpose was nothing
more bit to pump your ego. In other words, it as all about validation but if you
approached to grow, to learn, to understand, reﬁne, you’ll never think in this way,
so bitter as you competing with life.
You don’t compete with life.
Life is far bigger than anyone on this planet. If you compete with life; you’re not
going to grow and it will pound you down to your knees. Life was trying to show
you what you need to change from the inside.
That you don’t approach to get validated but to learn, to see how things works, to
put 2 and 2 together to then get better at it. To learn about yourself, to get better
at the social skills, at conversation skills and to have…fun.
People forgot dating supposed to be fun, exciting, not games, not competition but
rather to ﬁgure things out about how things work with yourself internally and the
world around you, and getting good at getting results that you want.
You don’t realise it but you have sent your growth back 2–5 years and really
learned nothing at all to get better. You also probably changed or reinforced
someone’s perception of life in your mind and in the minds of people you have
met along the way.
I mean, what did that girl do to deserve such treatment?
Nothing.
It’s not easy to be vulnerable and it was diﬃcult for her to show it.
You’ve not only hurt one person (yourself)….but…you also hurt someone else
who probably is going to nowt hurt someone else too.
You make it worse for other guys because now she won’t ever approach or show
vulnerability and thinks that’s how all men are like. She will also reinforce some
beliefs about men to other women she meets along the way because she met one
guy and starts generalising it as all men are like that.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my boyfriend of seven years left me? We’ve
been together since high school. He went to another state for
two years, and within two months fell in love with a girl there
and left me. I feel betrayed.

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can do the following…
1. Get yourself some ice cream and stuﬀ yourself..

2. Pick up the phone and cry your eyes out to one of your friends..

3. Then revenge…but it’s not what you think. Hit the gym..

4. Be consistent until you look hot…

5. Now dress hot, like a goddess and preferably without standing in a Jungle…

5. Now go out and have fun and take tons of photos..

Do you see something?
Yes, another guy is approaching because he doesn’t see a girl pining over her ex
but a woman who is out there living life to the full and owns it.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a boy loves you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you know if he loves you?

You tell me I am the world, and yet you have no time for phone call
You say I am earth you walk on and I am all you desire.. all
You say you’d do anything for me, and I am kept waiting
But for some crushing fool, you’d give it all without hesitating
And even gloat about what it is you are giving or sending
You say that I make you feel alive, like no other has ever done
But your actions show little, not like how it was begun
I know what love is, it is not in the words that easily run
Like colours on a painting or the words on a chat message for some
It is in your actions, how you treat me with respect
When I give you time, you give back as one expects
In how you speak in my language and the words I want to hear
But instead all I could feel is your insecurities and your fear
It is to shower you with my time and you do so with me
But you were invisible when I needed you the most to give me clarity
I found you wanting and I felt nothing but empty
And decided in that glorious moment you are not worthy
I found far more comfort in walking away and being free
I found far more in you living but without me
I explored all corners of my heart and it said to me..
I agree! There is no love for thee
But a prison and nothing else
Fly, ﬂy far from here
And ﬂew I did and set myself free.

You know by the actions not just words.
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

Does a woman need to be ﬂirty to get a boyfriend? Are men not
interested in having an intellectual conversation? I am sad to
hear this from an image consultant during a presentation talk
and I ﬁnd it demeaning to women.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is demeaning, is you think that you speak for all women and the men here
think they talk for all men.
Most of all, you take stock on what’s in mainstream say which doesn't give a
damn about women or men, but views!
The world doesn’t evolve around you or any particular woman or man. Nor does
nor evolve around me, either.
None of these men here talk for me and or for all men and all women. They talk
for themselves.
Fact..
1. All men are diﬀerent. I don’t like sea food, many men do. You think if all
these men said “all men must eat sea food,” I’ll give a fuck? I’ll tel them
to go and fuck themselves and shut it, and it’s my business what I eat.

2. You will also know, some women don’t like to ﬂirt and some women do.
Some women like a dominate man and some don’t. Some women like to
be subs, slaves and some don’t. Some are are very high sexuals, love a
man of a diﬀerent kind and some aren’t.
Some women are dominant women and into dominatrix. They like to
dominate man, fuck him, peg him, ride him, whip him. Some women
don’t. Is that demeaning?
Some women like to be fucked with two dicks and give a blow job, and so
three wholes ﬁlled.
Is that demeaning now?
That is their desire, their need and want. Some men like men. Is that
demeaning?
Some women like to dress as men, some men like to dress as women. Is
that demeaning?
Some women like older men, some men like older women, some women
like younger men, some men like younger women. Is that demeaning?
Some women who are porn stars, will not have sex with bisexual man
and some will. Is that demeaning?
How about a rally of idiots on twitter who started hounding a woman
who is a 24 year old porn actress, who spoke of what she feels, her
opinion, that she didn’t know he was bisexual, the company should have
told her, for health reasons, and she took her life because of the bullying
from people who thought it was demeaning! The very people,
organisations who talk about consent, who talk about women rights,
went against her. The fucking bastards hounded her and she took her life
because they thought it was demeaning to gays.
Where were the feminist then? Where were the social justice warriors
then? Where was the mainstream media and all this talk about consent…
consent…consent! Where was the human rights squad? Where were they
when someone needed to say to world..
“She’s right. She did not give consent to this. and company should have
mentioned this so she can choose to say yes or no.”
Nowhere. Isn’t this demeaning?
3. Men who like a woman to ﬂirt are not shallow, they have their own
preferences. Some want a man who is fun, ﬂirts, some like a man who
talks science, some like other kinds. Some men don’t like women who
ﬂirt. Some men get bored with serious talk and some men love a serious
talk.
What is demeaning to anyone, is a turn on for someone else, what is not so for
most men, it is so for other men.
What is liked by some women, is not so for some other women.
It’s very simple…
All men are diﬀerent. All women are diﬀerent. They all got personality traits
of their own, and own emotional language.

Your “intellect” would have known that by now.
So much for intellect.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does it feel so good to be choked during sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

See the diagram…

1. The carotid arteries (on either side of the neck) carry oxygen-rich blood
from the heart to the brain.
2. When these are compressed, loss of oxygen to the brain and the
accumulation of carbon dioxide can increase feelings of giddiness,
lightheadness, and pleasure, all of which will heighten masturbatory
sensations.
That’s why.
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm falling in love with someone who doesn't feel the same way.
How do I stop myself from diving deeper into my feelings for
him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do the following, before you emotionally invest too much….
1. Tell that person you don’t see them in that way. You’ll feel better doing so
and feel relieved, and now you cannot go back. You have shut the door.
2. If you can’t…. Severe connection immediately.
3. Block everywhere so you don’t have any hope of connection.
4. Do not try to ﬁght the feeling. It’s natural. Do not try to forget or force it
but take ACTIONS which helps your whole mind, nervous system,
hormones that is feeding oﬀ this connection to be less by….
5. Focusing your time elsewhere to reduce the frequency.
6. Desire can be re-directed elsewhere but you need to do something, like
activities. Get out of your house, don’t stay put looking at messages
online, or social media checking the person out.
7. Find someone else who makes you feel what you want to feel. Put your
energy on this instead while doing other activities for your career, job,
increase of income or whatever area you want to improve in your life.

8. The hormones will reduce and you be like “phew. sorted!”
It is all hormones, so don’t feed the chemicals but rather change the frequency
and reduce the connection with that person immediately.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Both of us have insecurities, she says she loves me but does not
want to show it before I take her for granted. I too love her but I
do not trust her because of awful things she did in the past. Are
these not suﬃcient reasons to breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Both of you need to end this.
There’s too much drama, too much baggage, too much mess. Too many reasons
to break up, and these are big reasons too.
Break up, move on, or it will end in disaster and hate each other.
There is no trust between you because life is not some movie, being all
melodramatic. Honestly, relationships is hard enough than having this bullshit as
well in the mix,
There is no relationship without trust.
End it, do not go back and forth, and move on.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

A guy I know asked me if I have Instagram so we could keep in
touch, even though he has my number. Why would someone
need another way?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. To see what your values are
2. To learn of your interests
3. To see what you like and don’t like
4. To learn more of you without asking
5. To learn more of you to ask future questions as part of a conversation
Gives more information about you and your values.
So make sure your instragram and pininterest, facebook reveals what you are for
real. That’s what I do with any social media like my Facebook page

which is

new page but it is consistent to who I am and what I’m about.
Its very blatant and easy for a woman to think “YES” or “NO.”
So be honest in what you project online on social media.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to be attracted to good-looking people only? It sounds
shallow, but I'm only attracted to handsome guys around me
and I rejected all the nice guys without the looks.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok to whom?
Do what you want, date for whatever makes you feel alive. It’s no ones business
but you’re own.

But that’s the problem you see regarding looks.
You’re also give a shit about what social peers thinks and that comes into the
“looks” department i.e. appearances to others.
What my friends thinks on who I date
Will I look cool or not cool for dating this guy
Will in increase my social status in front of others
What will my facebook followers think
Like the way some women hanging around hot women just so they look good
themselves or for status. They’d rather do that and even, yes even be with women
who put them down, rather than be with those who encourage, who want the best
for them and see far more in them.
Or date guys for that reason = status.
So go for whatever, but also, don’t do it because what other people might think.
If you’re going to go after for whatever reason, be proud of it and stop asking
permission from society. Do it for you because you want it not because it makes
you look good in front of others around you.
They don’t give a shit. You’ll see soon enough when hard time kicks in, they won’t
give a damn about you.
They are not that innocent you know. The world likes to pretend they are not
shallow, and so nice, and innocent but they are not.
None of us are.
I like ass and tits, and does that make me shallow?
Do you think I give a shit?
No, I don’t.
Do I give a shit what someone else thinks who I am when I am not dating them, in
relationship with them, fucking them, regarding who I date?
No, because it’s not their damn business and so, don’t make it their damn
business and own it.
But I choose because I want to. I choose because I desire her. I choose because I
am compelled to due to wanting the woman I am looking at and wanting to know
more about her.
Not because if it’s ok by what some group or what people think.
Select who you date because it’s what you want.
It is your preference.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my girlfriend three days ago and I want to text
her or contact her, but she warned me not to, should I contact
her? And if yes, what can I say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Leave her alone.
You broke up with her and she has said to you, to not contact her. Do not mess
with her emotions up and let her live her life.

She needs time to heal, to start fresh, to meet someone else. She needs to severe
connection with you and she hasn’t just said to you but WARNED you.
Respect her wishes and don’t make any excuses of contacting her. Or you’ll be
done for harassment.
Go and approach some girls, date someone, get laid, move on or do something
but leave her alone. Get busy with your life.
You broke up with her and sure, you got some up and down feelings right now,
but that is not feelings to contact her.
That is you not able to detach and your dick talking.
Avoid contacting her and move on.
20 Views · View Upvoters

This guy said, "Your daughter is beautiful, she looks exactly
look you." Does this also mean he thinks I am beautiful?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s his way, a safe way to say to you but using your daughter, to say you’re
gorgeous, stunning, attractive/beautiful.
He’s really aiming all attention and compliment at you, the mother - but did it
like a safe way, not directly at you.
Just in case you start going all psycho on him with..
“OMG! You men objectifying blah blah..”
So yes, he thinks you’re beautiful but did it in a more indirect way.
Lap it all up, because it’s not going to last. Take all compliments you can now,
smile, break out the drinks and have fun with it.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys care about a girl's reputation? I argued with several
classmates in my class years ago and since then they keep
spreading rumors that I am a “fake” girl. So if a guy ﬁnds this
out, who was interested in me before, will this turn him down?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
If he’s a rebel like myself, I’d see everyone doing the talking about the girl as
immature, fucked up, backstabbing bitches and dickheads. Useless fucks who
you shouldn’t even waste your time thinking about.
But hey, that’s me.
So it depends who the guy.
I don’t listen to other people on who is who. I like to make my own decision on
how the person behaves with me.
What I won’t do is kiss her ass, and if she is holding a white paper and it’s green,
and peope around us is saying it’s green, I’ll say to her…it’s green because it is
green.
I am ﬁrst someone who doesn’t bullshit to my lovers. I’ll say what needs to be
said, in a way that is polite but I won’t supplicate.

I don’t supplicate for no one.
So it will depend on the guy and any guy who listens to others about who you are,
is not worth your time.
Find someone who sees you and you got a chance to show that when with the
guy.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy is 23 and dating a woman old enough to be his mom
(43), does this mean he secretly wants to have sex with his
mom?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
He is attracted to the woman, she has maturity, she is hot, she is sexy, he probably
sees she got her shit together than most younger women has, and he sees a
woman of experience, a woman of status, a woman who is equal of his desire and
so he is attracted to that woman.
Honestly all this bullshit about daddy issues and mummy issues, is pushed by
mainstream media like a dangling carrot for people to pay lots of money burn
down the toilet with sessions with therapists.
And have you seen lately how most who talk about the future of
“But if you are 60 and then he’s XYZ age and…”
Like everyone gives a shit about controlling the future and everyone has only had
one relationship that lasted till their die.
Take a close look at society today, most women and men cannot even be fucking
patient to stay in relationship after infatuation is gone. Some don’t even last the
ﬁrst 5 years, some not even months or weeks.
Most of the people who bullshit you about time, and future, probably had about
more than 3 relationships. Some women, about 5, some 10, and they are going to
bullshit you that..
“OOoh but your 43 and he’s 23, and what if when you get to 50, 60..”
So you’re going to hear all that kind of nonsense.
The guy sees the woman who is 43 years old attractive to him, hot to him and no
doubt, older women are hot when they look after themselves and she probably
has.
Imagine, older woman, with life experiences, sexual experiences, has got her shit
together, and isn’t following much of the bullshit norms, and isn’t scared to go
and get what she wants…even…when it’s just sex.
That’s hot, sexy, not like most today, who so scared about what their social peers
think. He probably had enough of that shit and needs some sanity, someone who
is mature, someone who isn’t drama, someone calm, collective, and older women,
can be that.
I date younger women and I am in my 40s, but that doesn’t mean older women
are not hot, sexy,
If dated and fucked a teacher,when I was 14 years old and was in relationship for
some years with her, you think I had mummy issues? Fuck no.

She was hot, she had her shit together, she wasn’t like most teen girls, so drama,
so messed up in head about insecurities regarding life, sex, and looking for the
meaning of life, kissing social peers asses and the drama of..
“OOoh I am so insecure of my body,” crap, which did my head in.
I knew, she was not going to act like the teen girls I saw in school and college, with
their bullshit attention seeking drama..
“Oh some guy checked me my ass out.”
“I got a crush on some professor.”
“I just can’t show my fee;lings yet, you know how it is with guys, they mess you
around and blah blah.”
She was older, got her shit together, smarter, wasn’t shy, she knew life, she lived
didn’t give a damn about society norms, and I could learn a a lot more form her I
could ever learn from a teen girl at school or college and I did as well.
She wasn’t back and forth - one day trusts me and next “oooh I don’t know
because friends said that guys a player. You know how guys are..” bullshit.
She wasn’t looking for the meaning of life or to make something of herself.
She already did it, experienced it and knew herself well.
She was calm for me, hot, sexy, wild with sex and didn’t talk intellectual until I
got to know her and she got to know me.
She knew my emotional language and that meant a great deal to me. She
understood attraction and the language of sexual attraction.
There was none of the attention seeking conversations most young women have
and she was very patient. If I couldn’t see her for even months or a year, she
would have been patient, as she got her own life.
That showed maturity and patience is big for me.
That was hot for me.
So that guy who is looking at the older woman, probably see the same with her.
That she is a fresh of air, not drama and got her shit together.
That is HOT for many men, young and older men.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do? A dear friend of mine confessed his love for me
recently and I kindly rejected him, but he's not taking it very
well. He stopped eating and got thinner. My heart is really
aching for him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is nothing you can do.
Please, do not go to him and start doing the friend thing. Leave him be and do
away with this motherly thing you got inside of you. He’s not your son and he
doesn’t need saving.
You need to be strong enough yourself to not fall for those feelings inside you to
go and try and mother him, and let him heal.
He’ll live. He’ll grow stronger as he has to,
This is nature, it works that way.

Please do not get involved in man’s growth. Let him be, let him ﬁgure his own
emotions, and learn for himself.
He is now at a vulnerable state and if you show one hint of attention, it can get his
hopes up and hurt him even more.
For his own good and yours, let him ﬁght it in his own way, and in time, it will
happen for him to move on.
He is not your responsibility and he needs to learn to grow stronger in taking
rejections.
It’s not your fault.
It’s just part of life he has to go through.
Give him that space to do so no matter what your heart says.
It’s ok having good intentions but hell is also paved with good intentions.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What parts of the female body do you like the most and why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Without a doubt, the ﬁrst is..
1. The Ass..

I like the ass, no, not because I draw and paint erotic art work but because the ass
gets my attention ﬁrst, it triggers lots of emotions inside of me, images and I ﬁnd
ass is very hot and sexy.
It probably at a biological level, connected to the spine, which may say to my
unconscious mind, that she is healthy and when she has babies, she will be safe
and so will the child.
If you look at many images of woman who show asses, you’ll see they always arch
their back for the ass to be out…

Even with standing poses…see the back arched…

Again, arched back…

To even laying down..

And if you’re having sex with a man, and arch your back, it gives one helluva
thrill because it shows you’re passionate having sex with him.
I pull a woman hair back, and she arches her back, it’s hot, kinky, sexy when
you’re having sex.
It’s why I love the doggy style and see the deep arching of a back as her ass is up,
which is why the ASS will always be number one for me. It gets my attention
always, faster than a bullet ;)
2. Breasts

It tells me she is healthy, she is sexy, she is feminine and also I like suckling and
squeezing breasts. Probably because at an unconscious level, biologically, it
triggers again, that part of fertility that’s in a woman.
Breasts is number 2 at the top.
And here is the Mind Fuck up….
If she has great ass and breasts but she is so shit, completely utter shit at ﬂirting,
if she cannot simulate my mind in being raw, hardcore, sexualisation, and avoids
when I do…whether face to face, or texting…
I’ll get bored and move on..
If she is slow in understanding she is with a Gemeni dominant very sexual man,
nothing she can do or say can work, not even her ass and tits.
The purpose of interaction when it comes to attraction is…you arouse the mind of
the man especially the Gemeni Man.
It’s about the woman turning him on by stimulating his mind using visual, usig
naughty sexy hardcore words, using images, using her tone of voice because
that’s reveals why he needs to invests time eﬀort on her when he can on someone
else who can give him what he wants.
Remember, here are hotter women with ass and breasts, so she has to something
else to have the edge of all these women.
I am Gemeni Man.
Every man is diﬀerent.
One man want her talking intellectual and other not so. One man wants fucking
jaw line, for me, I am ass and tits. One man is turned on bby her talking science.
Not so for me.
So really, no point even asking guys this question if you want to attract a
man you see in your life or world.
Best you know what you want in a guy and focus on that because we are all
diﬀerent in needs, wants, desires, fetishes, kinks, personality and how we see the
world and life.
So yes…
She can be hot, she can have ass, she can have breast, the looks, but in my mind I
am also looking at future..

That if she is very sexual, she doesn't’ see sex as bad, she has no shame regarding
it even if we have sex on ﬁrst date, she isn’t believing this and that is taboo, she is
sexually conﬁdent, very slave like submissive, playful, fun, naughty, she loves to
pleasure a man, she sees world in a certain light, she isn’t a follow of crowds, she
isn’t a crowd pleaser, she is vert patient that if it needs be.
That the experience with her from moment I set my eyes on her and onward ﬂows
like that, sexy, fun, exciting and turn on.
As you can see there are other factors I look for.
After all, I got to enjoy the company as well, I got to be who I am and if I can’t,
well, she can fuck oﬀ back to her feminist gang, and her social norms, and her
religion, and her beliefs about players, bad boys and jerks, her blogging gangs,
and all the rest,
I have no time ﬁghting her and world too.
I have no time being a therapist. I got my own shit to work on and I don’t need
someone who brings the crap and politics, and political correctness of the world
and insecurities to my door.
I need to feel, we’re on the same page and it has to be shown in her behaviour or…
no ass and tits is going to do it.
Ass and tits….but….also a whole lot of other factors that says…
“Hey, I am from your world, I see what you see, feel what you feel and desire what
you desire 100%, let me..show..you. You and Me against the world! Rebels
through and through!”
In other words..
Compatibility is King and Queen.
I can have all, the ass, tits and the compatibility too.
I don’t need to settle or choose one out of other.
40.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy asks you to the movies, but then doesn't talk to you for
two weeks, is he just waiting for you to initiate the conversation
so that he doesn't seem desperate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re local, not like long distance. If long distance I can understand if it was the
beginning but you’re local, going out to movies in same cities.
So, he’s not that interested.
If it’s local, where both of you in same city, and the guy is really interested in you,
then no way he will not contact you or talk to you for two weeks.
When it’s local for example for me, she is in my radar, I’ll be calling her or texting
to meet up again, fast. I’ll be escalating the fuck out of it.
So to me, he is not interested.
One thing to note, going to movies is the worst, the absolute worst for going out
on dates, especially when it’s ﬁrst few dates with each other.
Those dates needed to be you and him walking about, talking, getting ﬂirtatious,
physical, holding hands, building that connection but looks like both of you
made the mistake most make.

Must have been boring for him and you, sitting in cinema, like statues, watching
a movie and none of you knew wiser of what is happening, and if other is
interested and so on.
You just followed the safe boring way like most do, and when you follow what
most people do, who also don’t know what they are doing, and who also meet not
knowing if they are truly mutually attracted to each other, it’s not going to end
well. It’s boring, it’s not fun, it’s not emotionally stimulating for both of you.
It doesn’t leave anything also for guy to think “yes! I want to meet her again! She
turns me on crazy!”
Looks like that’s what happened.
I’d move on if I was you.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why does this guy look at me so much? I’m pretty sure he isn’t
attracted to me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re pretty sure?
I doubt that very much. Until you walk over, talk with him, get to know him, ﬂirt
and then ﬁnd out if he is attracted to you then you’ll know the…facts.
Nothing you said is facts. Just assumptions.
“Wjay do you know about women anyway?”
More than you’ll ever want to admit. Let me show right here what you was
thinking when you saw the guy…
1. Oh he’s hot
2. Is he looking at me?
3. OMG, he just looked at me
4. He’s not even smiling at me
5. Why won’t he just walk over
6. Oooh he’s just a jerk anyway
7. Who does he think he is?
8. I bet he’s a player
9. I bet he wants me for sex. my body
10. God, he didn’t even make an eﬀfort
11. Anyway, I can do better!
12. I bet he wasn’t even into me
13. Probably an asshole
14. Probably it would have end up bad anyway
15. Ooooh, I wish he at least tried!
16. Let me ask on Quora
And there you have it.
You done it more than once with other guys too and just never really made an
eﬀort to say hi to the guys.

Rather than doing that, you try to play it down to make yourself feel better
People are very good at lying to themselves due to insecurities.
That could you projecting your fears of rejection.
It can also be him feeling nervous because how do you know someone is looking
at you if you’re not looking at them?
So how do you know he’s not thinking same thing as you?
This is planet earth.
On it is human beings.
They do things called - socialising.
Go and socialise with…him and..for pete sake, smile.
Get rid of the bitch face I see so many women wear. It makes woman look ugly as
hell from inside. Smile, be friendly, warm.
You’d be surprised how that works on someone.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Nobody loves me, but I love this guy. Should I approach him
and tell about my feelings?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You don’t go to a guy you don’t know or even a friend and start blazing away
about love. This is the thing with most people who watch Bollywood and
Hollywood movies, and listening to romance novels.
You need to ﬁrst arouse and stimulate his mind, ﬂirt, smile, be fun with the guy,
show him that side of you, and show him your personality.
First do that and then ﬁnd out if he’s…mutually attracted to you.
Too many people make the process of dating serious. It’s supposed to be fun,
exciting, relaxed, calm, not all gun blazing talking about love, and how you so
want to be needed and love, or any victim stories.
None of that.
When you found out he is mutually attracted to you, even then, you do not talk
about love but date, and get intimate through the process of days, weeks, months,
showing maturity.
In time you can open up about love but not before.
So one step at a time.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend broke up with me because I'm an atheist. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a pity both of you didn’t be open about each other values, right down to even
sex. Everything which is what I do as compatibility is very important and far
more important than resturant meals, wining and dining.
I don’t even meet women until that is sorted or there’s no point.

Either way, he has a right to walk away when he found that out because he has
diﬀerent values than you, and you have diﬀerent values than he does. It can
become a major problem later on in the future when the relationship got serious.
He’s no jerk, no asshole or anything else but that he was honest with you and he’s
smart - because - love isn’t enough.
But it would have been great if you both took care of this part early on if you’ve
dating for a long while.
Both need to take share of this responsibility in not blaming each other but take it
as positive, a wisdom to learn from.
What should you do now?
You take it as wisdom, a lesson to learn and use for the future.
This is how you learn.
The more you date, then more things come up, the more you learn about yourself,
the world, and reﬁne, tweak and get better at it.
The lesson is to ensure in the very beginning, early on to talk about this and seek
compatibility. Not just beliefs, but sex, your kinks, everything and you lay it on
line so you don’t waste time.
To not fear doing so or you’ll be investing emotions and time, and later you ﬁnd
out this when this could have been talked about way back in the beginning
Right now, you respect his wishes.
It’s over,
Move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been required to wear a skirt?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Dec 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, at a ceremony.
In our community, men wear skirts for relaxing, sometimes for festivals. Back
home, men wear them every time, going to work, studying and for even working
as farmers.
As you can see..some lads thought they’d have a go..

And here’s how they do it with the full bling…and as you can tell, they are not
smiling because probably, their dad said..
“If you don’t wear these skirts I will fuck you up. Now don’t get your mum upset
and wear it right NOW!”…

So for me, I was young, aged 12, and one day they wanted to initiate me into the
fully cultural custom but the thing is, I really didn’t give a shit about it. I did
everything opposite, a rebel and that is how I have always been.
But mum won’t have it.
Dad won’t have it either, and my aunt won’t have it and so my uncles. They
wanted me to get used to it before they leave, ﬂy to England and leave me behind
until I also ﬂy over.
The festive season came and so they thought it was a good time to get it sorted.
You can then imagine me running through the streets, dodging them as they tried
catching me to put some coloured vibrant skirt on.

After they caught me, brought me into house, they got me to wear it. It was plain
white but more stripped colour like what these lads are wearing..

After wearing one, I thought..
“Hey, this is alright. I dig this. Looks kind of cool and I don’t feel hot under sun as I
usually do.”
So in our community, we always wore skirts but when in England, the men just
wear them for relaxing at home or when they all together, chilling..
Now if I can introduce this wave to gangs and all those guys who wear jeans so
way down below their asses, I might be onto something and create a new trend,
where it looks cool…

And you can even replace the suit and just have shirt tie, shoes with the skirt….

5.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are some beautiful truths of life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Dec 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are not alone.
You are in a planet of billions of people who may also feel alone, but you can help
them feel they are not alone. Thousands of events, thousands of activities,
thousands and you can go and..say…hello!
So what do you want to learn, what do you want to experience, or what games
you’re into…because…someone out there is into same thing as you
Just get good at letting lots of people know so they can ﬁnd you!

1.6k Views · View Upvoters

This girl is trying to get her ex back even though he has a
girlfriend. She is ﬂirting with him and texting him nonstop.
They both said they like each other. Should I tell his girlfriend
about them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You like to live dangerously?
You know what happened to one guy who did that ﬁve weeks ago?
He thought he’d go and tell the other guys girlfriend about how her boyfriend is
ﬂirting with a woman.
When he told her she told him..
“You’re just jealous I am dating him and not you!”
She went and told her boyfriend and he ﬁnds himself faced with this one guy and
4 other of his friends.
That’s right.
He got beaten hardcore.
Another women did same, and she also got bitch slapped hard from the girl she
was so trying to save. And blamed that she is a trouble causer who is the one
spreading the rumors.
Do yourself a favour.
Follow this rule..
Mind your own business and trouble won’t be looking for you, and you’d be
trusted more. No one likes a busy body who hasn’t got a life, gossips and getting
into people’s business.

Even if the person believed you, they’d never trust you because you talk too much
and don’t mind your own business.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

When a guy on a dating site says to you in response to a "when
and where" meet up question, "I don't dare suggest because I'm
a bad boy (evil grin)", what does he mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he has successfully screened you out, as someone who is insecure about
sex, who wants a probably 5 restaurant meals and he was challenging you to ﬂirt
with him.
You take things too seriously, you’re not much fun and haven’t got much
conversation skills to challenge him back and be fun.
Challenge him back!
You didn’t but like most here, already started thinking…
“OOh he wants sex.”
It’s called FLIRTING! So ﬂirt! Stop being serious.
You and anyone here don’t know this guy but because he says “bad boy,” you’re
acting like you know the guy.
Be conﬁdent and ﬂirt back!
So move on, and ﬁnd some nice guys and go on 5 restaurant meals,and then have
sex, so you feel…special. So you don’t feel guilty and so ashamed about sex. Or
what Cosmo magazines and Psychologist love doctors bulshit people that you
need to say no to sex because that’s how you get a man for long-term relationship,
as it shows you got self esteem.
Yes, most guys know this game and also know the fear in society. He knows and
he is challenging you to see if you are a Cosmo type of woman, or following
traditional dating kind of norm path or you get it that no one can really keep a
man with these games these days.
Yes, that would make it alright, wouldn’t it, so special to have 5 restaurant meals,
do all that..
“OOoh you’re so amazing, attractive but I’m erm..not ready for sex. How about
another 20 restaurant meals for me to decide.”
After all, isn’t that the game for immature people these days, who cannot just get
the fuck on with it?
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can one be completely in love with me and then cut me oﬀ
like I’m nothing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they don’t want anymore emotional pain, they don’t want anymore
promises, they don’t want to wait anymore for the person to get it and see what
they got, they don’t want to wait for the person to give them what they want and
it has been with-held for too long, they had enough of the boring talk, the
impatience, the attention seeking….and…the doubts, the uncertainty they felt
and lack of trust they felt the other person felt.
No use being with someone who doesn’t trust you.

No use being with someone selﬁsh and who does not give back.
No use being with someone who doesn’t respect your boundaries.
The person is hurting real bad because the person they loved deeply isn’t loving
them back deeply, isn’t behaving as they did in the beginning, they have changed
their tune, making excuses and so…
It is best to cut this person out of their life, so it is easier to move on, easier to
forget, easier to block them completely from phone, social media channels as that
other person has a lot of growing to do and also they are not compatible.
It is now clear that the other person isn’t who they say they are.
It hurt them so bad, that they felt sick in stomach, they feel themselves drowning
because of what the other person did and it is unforgivable.
The other person has not shown any empathy, has not show for real they want the
person back in their life but continue to behave in a manner that shows the
decision that is made was spot on.
There is no point to stay in touch anymore.
This person probably loved before, has experience, vast knowledge and knows,
when people do not love back but so good at talking about love, so good about
pretending to be nice, decent in front of others, but to their lover, they do not do
the same, they do not give in same way, they hold back.
The person has found out now exactly what this person is like and what they can
aﬀord in future which means they can’t oﬀer much, will make life diﬃcult and
they are just too immature or too toxic, or just…the gut feeling is saying, it’s best
to move on.
And the best way for the mind and heart it to complete severe connection, no
talking, to communication, no explaining.
The person is done, it’s over, had enough of the bullshit
They have found out…love is not enough and since it is not enough, and since
they fell in love, nothing can help the person move on except completely cut
them oﬀ so they can heal, grow and start again with someone else one day or just
be alone.
That is why.
Love is never enough.
If a person gets treated like shit,if the person is not feeling good with the other
person, if they always feel drowning, hurt, if they give and give and never get
back….then it doesn’t matter much this person loves then other.
They then cut this person oﬀ and the dark side resurfaces as it needs to, to protect
the person and to show to anyone - you fuck with their time, their feelings, take
them for granted - they have another side of them.
The side that protects by cutting anyone out of their life who hurts them like they
didn’t exist.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

How should I handle a delivery of ﬂowers sent by my
narcissistic ex? I had decided (with lots of work and eﬀort on
my part) to go no contact. On the other hand, I would always
thank someone for a gift. What do you advise?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Dec 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

`````Heart - I would always thank someone for a gift.
Brain - It’s called preparing to Hoover you. Are you that naive?
Heart - but I always thank someone who gives me ﬂowers
Brain - This is why nice people are treated like doormat.You make excuses to get
validation and pretending your nice, but really, you want the attention but at
what cost? You’re life! Stop pretending your nice and embrace your dark side, Be
ready for the battle. Hoovering is about to start!

1. No Contact.
2. Block on everything, phone and social media channels.
3. No response
4. No reaction
5. Do not reply
6. Do not send ﬂowers back
7. Watch out for the monkeys
The Narcs is pushing you to react/respond.
Don’t.
Ignore!
And if you meet the person in street, act cold, like no expression, bored shit of
them, show no reaction, nothing.
Apply the Gray Rock method.
Read up
http://www.thriveafterabuse.com/...
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do jealous, controlling and possessive boyfriends seem to
have an easy time ﬁnding someone new after a breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It has nothing to do with whether they’re jealous, possessive, controlling.
It is to do with this..
1. They go and get what they want.
2. They don’t sit around hoping women is going to approach them
3. And there is always women looking for a guy, always. Those who have
conﬁdence to approach and keep doing so, attract the women and date,
and those who don’t, think it’s some secret.
It’s that simple.
Noting to do with Daddy issues, that issue, manipulative this, and that.
You see many so called ‘decent, nice, people’ bitching how they are still single
and how bad boy, jerks get the women and how the hot women, bad women get
the guys.

Being good means shit and being decent means nothing when it comes to
attraction and you can believe all you want from movies and other women and
men regarding this matter.
I have heard from many who profess they ‘good. decent, nice, gentleman, lady
like” and they are the scum of the scum. They approach dating telling stories as if
they are the victim, and you better watch out when someone approaches you this
way because they be the most manipulative, damaged, fucked up person you
have ever met.
They are worst and reason why they attract shit because they want shi tin their
lives because they want predictability, they want to have that story, they want
someone sorry for them, they want that story and they run riot in other people’s
life.
It gives them attention. It makes someone sorry for them and moment they get
their claws into that other person, you see they are not so nice, decent,good and
not a victim but the ones who cause chaos.
They are the most manipulative.
People do things so they can say “yes, see.” Predictable.
You would have heard..
“Evil triumphs when good people…do…nothing.”
The problem I ﬁnd is so many “good people” are not that good at all. Nice people
are not that nice at all.
To even say “the reason why they get women easily is because so many women
out their are fucked up,” isn’t nice, is it?
But let’s say that is so, it still doesn’t stop the ‘good,’ and ‘nice,’ and ‘decent’ get
what they want and attract, and date etc and so…I ﬁnd the the..good, nice, decent
are far more fucked up than most people these days because they do not move,
stay in comfort zone, got psychological thoughts and beliefs that keep them…
stuck…to ask questions like…
Why the bad guys get the girls, why the bad women get the guys, why the nice guy
doesn’t get girls, why the good girl doesn’t, and on and on.
They are more fucked up and manipulative than many out there because they
believe, being good, decent, is what attraction is and so they are no help to
themselves and nor to each other, as the so called Bad Guy or Bad Woman is
running circles around them because they know the way world works.
Good, decent knows this too but they are not courageous enough, not skilled
enough, procrastinate too much, as too many questions on what others got, what
others get, why others win, instead of just doing it and live their life and succeed
to move on and…realise…success is the best revenge.
If someone is so good, decent, he’d respect women to fucking learn how to attract
women and know ins and outs of it all. Same for women who say they are good,
decent.
But they don’t.
They do for a job because it’s MONEY.
They do for career, it’s MONEY.
They go and do degrees and all sorts for MONEY.

But for something as big and important and that which is in our life from the day
we are born called…relationships…called people…called social skills, called
psychology, called relationship management…oh no…they’d not do fuck all for
that and bring up fucked up children who also follow the same bullshit their
parents do about love, romance, and on goes the same story on how being good,
nice, will do the job.
What?
You think everyone here is perfect, not fucked up and you’re not either?
You think I am good, you are good, everyone here are good and everyone out
there are bad, evil, shit, and so on?
No.
We all have a dark side.
You’re own heroes will be the ﬁrst who will stab you in the back if you give them
the chance, and when a price is about their…survival!
Many good people in crowds would see someone getting beaten by 10 men and
they’ll walk on and do nothing about it.
That’s reality and psychology.
Even the dark side, you will die, be under nourished, be alone, if you don’t take
action in getting what you want.
The reality that you never know about a person until you really get to know them,
and so, attraction isn’t about being good, being decent, but being conﬁdent to go
out and get what you want and knowing how to.
Attraction is misunderstood by you.
You and others here don’t know what it is or you’d know, attraction is not a
choice. People don;t look at someone and think,,,
“OOoh he’s not jealous! He’s not Possessive! Oh he is! I better watch out!”
Attraction doesn’t work like that
Attraction happens instantly, kabooooooooom!
Only through time, dating, weeks, months or years, or when you move in with
someone do you see the dark side, or the side you do not see due to being
infatuated.
That is how attraction works.
Even someone of sound mind can, who is not damaged, who is not messed up or
fucked up as much as others, can still get hit b attraction and fall for someone fast
in seconds of that connection.
That’s attraction. That’s how it works. Kaboom, chemicals, hormones kicking oﬀ
and it’s like it’s meant to be!
And so, you and everyone here, when that happens, the blinds are on, you don’t
see half of the red ﬂags and those you do see, you ignore because you got to have
that person, got to have them!
Those who know this, do not wait but charge ahead making tons of connection,
knowing this attraction KABOOM is going to happen for someone they meet and
then more they meet people, the higher chance it will happen faster!
It’s as I shared in other answers regarding the ﬁrst law of Newton…

“An object at rest stays at rest and an object in motion stays in motion with the same
speed and in the same direction….unless…acted upon by unbalanced force.”
And most people do not like the unbalance, and especially women when it comes
to approaching guys and instead, they play it safe, sit around, doing hints, being
all ambiguous and wonder why oh why hey are single.
If you do the same thing and expect a diﬀerent results, well, kind of dumb.
But if you move and stay, resting, waiting and waiting then things can happen
because you are in motion, and if you increase the speed and do more, you create
momentum, you’ll get more results in learning how to do it better and get better
at it.
That’s the reality there.
Good or Bad, Jerk or Bitch, Asshole or not, this works and those who do not get
oﬀ their ass and apply, well, they see the world whizz pass them, as they stay in
comfort zone.
So if you want whatever you want…you go and get whatever you want.
They got good at going out, approaching, socializing, doing to get what they want
more than those who don’t.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do after 5 expensive dates, and a girl won’t give
me a straight answer on whether she likes me, and she says she
always takes a while to determine these things but is open to
continuing to see me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She sure so you coming from a mile oﬀ.
And every time you did that, it conﬁrmed to her to play that game on you, and
knew you got no options, no other women pursuing you and have her ass and
pussy up so high on a pedestal.
You took a woman on a date, expensive dates, to ﬁnd out if she’s interested in
you? To impress her? To get a yes?
What kind of fucked up way is this?
I never took women to any expensive dates, ever, until I got clear FUCK YES. Until
she behaved the way I see a woman needs to behave who is into me, attracted to
me and until we have got real physical or she can go back to where she came from
using that shit on some guys.
I take LOVERS out to expensive dates, not women who I am not in
relationship with.
Lovers = that’s the key here.
Women who are already Lovers!
She’s not your lover yet.
She’s not anything yet!
This was all about..
“I take you out on expensive dates to impress you.”
This was for her..

“OOh I am a princess, want to be chased, dined, and wined by men. If I can get it,
why not because I sure can with this guy!”
You made that mistake, you put women on pedestal when you need to burn that
pedestal and challenge her, so she gives a Fuck Yes or Fuck no and if she doesn’t
give a clear answer….then you move on, and leave her to someone else who like to
dance that stupid pathetic tune.
She isn’t worth your time.
You’re setting yourself up to be a doormat in future with her.
If anything does happen now, you have set yourself up to be treated like shit the
future. You have framed it that you got her above you and that her pussy is the
holy grail.
Here’s what you do…
Start new.
Close this chapter, tell her nicely to fuck oﬀ and you had a good time but she is
not for you.
If she tries all this nice stuﬀ to hook you in again…her time is up.
Don’t back down. Move on.
Her personality and her ways will treat you like shit in the future when in a
relationship.
Play hard game is over and even if she wasn’t playing hard, it is still over.
It doesn’t matter. It reveals her heart and character. It reveals her habits. It
reveals how she sees you. It reveals many things that should have alarm bells
ringing in your head but you are not listening to the feed back because you got
her pussy, her ass, her tits on a pedestal.
Because you have no options.
Because you are working on scarcity mode and following society traditional norm
bullshit. Because you believe this is how you suppose to do and you don’t
question it but follow like most do.
Close this chapter, move on, approach many women and ensure you set
boundaries and you do not take women out to impress.
Coﬀee will do and or drink at bar.
No princess, Cinderella bullshit.
You set the terms and make it balance and if they don’t like it, smile and move on.
Learn from this.
I never have taken women on restaurant meals, expensive dates.
I take women who are already lovers.
4k Views · View Upvoters

I told my ex I missed him and he told me he has not changed his
mind. He said he is having sexual experiences with other
women. Why would he tell me this knowing it hurts me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not hurting you.

You are hurting yourself.
Your own expectations is hurting you.
You are interacting to get him back and he was being friendly but now you’re
stepping over the line, and so he is now saying to you clearly, to back oﬀ.
He said to ensure you get the message clear without any dance with ambiguity. to
let you know, it’s over, move on.
Love is not enough and it is something many need to wake up and learn the easy
way or hard way. Some learn the hard way.
Love is not enough.
It’s too late.
Move on and focus on having fun yourself.
Start fresh and severe connection if you can’t handle being friends with an ex
without having any future expectations.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are the lessons people most often learn too late in life?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Updated Dec 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. One single drop of rain doesn’t make the ﬂood. Where you are happened
by many thoughts, actions, habits and it all did not just happen.
2. Newton's ﬁrst law of motion - an object at rest stays at rest and an object
in motion stays in motion with the same speed and in the same direction
unless acted upon by an unbalanced force.
We don’t like to be unbalanced, we like the comfort zone but if you think
you will move in life and expect diﬀerent results by doing the same
things, staying put, then nothing will change for you but get worse.
You must move, be unbalanced for a while, due to the learning curve and
if you don’t…life will bring force to reckon you with to move your butt or
to reveal and for you to realise your negative habits and fears, and it is
you who put yourself there and you cannot blame people that came
before you anymore so you can have a pity party.
3. The highest form of control is energy in regards to your emotions. What
gets you ﬁrst is your emotions. Master them or long distance
relationships to local, to all kinds of things in your life will be diﬃcult. Be
self aware of yourself.
4. Not everyone is unhappy with their jobs and not everyone is born to be a
dreamer, or a business owner. We all need diﬀerent kinds to make this
world go round. If all of us was same, nothing will get done.
5. It took me 25 years to get to where I am. Not all of us have people to back
us ﬁnancially, not all of us are good at business, not all of us can think in
a certain way. Some of us are wired to take longer because it’s how it is
for us. So, this message you hear sometimes that you leave your job, sell
your stuﬀ and pursue your dream is not easy. You may never reach there
so be aware, that if it’s not life and death for you, better not go for it.
Many love their jobs. Many found amazing friendship, grew, achieved,
found their voice, found a new way of thinking and found themselves. If
everyone left their job, we’ll have major problems because we need
people in jobs. They make the world go round, they also play a HUGE

role in this world not just business owner. Without them, we will be
screwed, right down to then person who sweeps the ﬂoor, to the Janitor,
to the coder, designer, teacher, nurse, doctor, so on.
If you are a business owner, or a dreamer or someone traveling a lot as a
lifestyle, respect them as they respect you. Not all of us is meant to live
like everyone else. We’re all wired diﬀerently in how we see the world,
how we work, how we think, some are creative and some not, some like
coding, others love painting, some love to take it easy and some want to
go for it. We need…each…other for us all to prosper.
6. There is no purpose in life. You create it. There is no meaning. You create
it. There is no race. There is but the living in the moment.
7. Breathe, relax and reﬂect on how awesome you are. You don’t need
anyone’s permission to say you are awesome. Give yourself a pat on the
back everyday, look in the mirror, point at yourself, smile and say how
awesome you are. You don’t need to wait for anyone to tell you that.
17.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ravin Patel

Do guys think diﬀerently if they know a girl is not a virgin, but
she had only slept with one dude?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
Every man like women, have their own psychological makeup, upbringing,
environment they were born in, the information they were exposed to, culture,
religion, customs, traditions etc.
While one guy will think something about it, someone like myself won’t give a
shit. I don’t think because a woman is a virgin, to then see her on some pedestal,
or she is naive, innocent, this or that.
I also don’t think a woman who slept with lots of guys, as anything but a woman
who is like a man, - who has her own philosophy, values, desires, needs and
wants.
So it depends on the guy, where he is in his mind and much of it like women,
comes from upbringing,and also their own choice in not exposing themselves to
knowledge, other experiences and opening their minds.
The world we live in is judgemental.
It’s also two face and does a lot of double standards.
Whether people like to say “be yourself,” they really mean, be like the way they
think is right, is their way. So you best take much of the two face, double standard
society with a pinch of salt and just know what you want, what you don’t want
and put middle ﬁnger at whatever society tries to dictate to you.
I found it works well.
Just know what you want, embrace your own philosophy, be ready to evolve and
if any do judge, just show them he door.
Have an abundance mindset.
There is all kinds of people, and if you put eﬀort, be consistent and not fall for
much of the bullshit advice that doesn’t even work for people who give it but it
sounds good, gets a lot of votes and well, it is you who will pay the price, and
consequences and you can’t blame anyone for being ignorant and not self aware.

There are people who desire what you have,
You got to be good at being “not giving a fuck” and go out there and do whatever
it is you got to do to create your network, your resources because network is
everything.
I didn’t look for girls, women even at a young age.
I built my oﬄine network.
If you got tiny or no network, then it’s like being in a city where you struggle to
get dates and so you then ﬁnd yourself working on scarcity
Like long distance - if your network again is small, tiny, then you won’t be patient
to wait for the person who can be good for you because you want to meet now,
fast, while they got a whole shit to do in their life yet, and love to meet you but
they are in a phase in their life they can’t just yet but they will if you wait for a
year and just go and date others, and they wn’t mind you do that if they are
mature.
It be very frustrating for you, waiting when you can both be mature, enjoy where
you are and the other does same at their end until you meet, while being up front
and honest to all you date, until you both meet.
Other way will be frustrating and emotionally draining. I won’t ever do long
distance if I didn’t have a large network and good at what I do locally, which
keeps me busy and makes the experience more fun, relaxed.
Do you see how the rich are?
They don’t give a fuck what society thinks on what they do, eat, live and who they
date and who they have sex with.
Society helps these rich people who they say they don’t like.
Like the kardashian
They talk about them. They shout about them. They rave shit about them. They
write questions about them.
They spread all sorts about them.
That’s free advertising and proof for big companies to invest in them.
The folks who created that nose don’t realise that it is because of their own fear,
own insecurities, own bad habits, their own shouting, own talking, writing,
slurring, and all that hating that got these people rich!
Giving evidence that there is a supply to demand.
I mean all they had to do is get some sex tape out and got people talking. All they
had to do us use social media and get people to do what they knew they are so
good at doing..
Talking shit and so when millions talk shit, Kardashian makes millions!
This is also how the Bad Boy wins in this world.
He doesn’t even have to say much and everyone is talking shit about a Bad Boy
but what they don’t realise, is someone, millions of girls, women listening and
they now get curious and want a piece of that Bad Boy they see near them.
Rich can date a young woman of 18 years old and he is 40. Rich can date a young
man aged 18 ad she is 40 and they don’tgive a damn what society thinks.
But someone who hasn’t the resources, will always worry about what others
think, what friends think, relatives, those wo vote for them because…they RELY

on them for validation, for feeling good about themselves, for…survival.
For survival, people listen to their parents and marry someone they don’t want to
marry.
For survival, people are in jobs they fucking hate and bitch all day about it.
For survival, women date guys they so say they never workd, ride tehir dicks, try
to ﬁx and change, and faul every time and wull always fail, to change tehse guys
and then talk shit about how they were used for sex.
For survival, a guy acting all nice, thinks being decent is what attraction is and
spends his time chasing some woman who doesn’t give him the time of day as she
meets some guy and in minutes falls for him, and rides his duck on same day
while the nice decent fool cries on here about why oh why decent people don’t get
dates, and are treated like shit.
For survival, majority of women do all that hint, ambiguity and then wonder why
guys don’t bother and not realise most guys fear rejection as they do.
For survival, many do, breath, live to be approved, accepted, ﬁt in, liked and
loved, by society, and even think it’s love!
While someone who does do for survival is seen as someone who doesn’t get
emotionally attached.
It’s not that the person is not emotionally attached to people they date but rather,
they got their shit together. They don’t fall in love, head over heels with someone
until they are sure, and even if they are sure and it doesn’t work out, they got
their head screwed right to move on very fast and already dating someone else.
They see the world for what it is and not what they want to see it as.
You don’t want to survive? Then follow the masses.
You want to win in your life, build your own network,
Build it huge, go out and create your resources and you’ll have the abundance,
and you’ll never ask these questions again.
But if you haven’t got the basic structure, then you’ll always worry, what will
men/women think if blah blah blah.
You can even be an average guy or woman, and have that resources and make it
happen with the abundance mindset.
If you are doing like most, your life, your decision will always come from scarcity
mode.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why are some men very commanding during sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. We’re dominant by nature
2. It turns us on to have full control
3. It turns the women on who we have sex with as they speciﬁcally loves
rough sex
4. The women have sought such men and desire such men.
If you don’t want such men, best ﬁnd someone who is more submissive rather
dominant when it comes to sex.

I personally won’t have it any other way. I’m dominant, not submissive and so it
will not turn me on at all, if a woman is even 1% dominant when it is sex and even
how she behaves around me. We’ll clash if that happens.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

A year ago, a person I once loved attempted to ruin my
reputation by telling lies about me, and then a year later,
crashed my holiday party (intoxicated) and with a date. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Drum roll……………………………
He/she..has..hoovered you.
Look up Narcissism ‘Hoovering’.
One more thing, be very careful you keep telling people someone ruined your
reputation because if you spread that shit all over place and mention their name,
you also make room for being sued.
So either do something about it through the law, or keep it low key.
Be smart.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you had been sexually active for most your adult youth, then
you met somebody who doesn’t want to have sex until
marriage, how would you adapt to that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a no brainer. I’d move on.
I won’t go oﬀ trying to ﬁx and change the person. Nothing to ﬁx.
Compatibility is crucial for a healthy longer lasting relationship. We won’t be
compatible in what I see as important in a relationship right now.
1k Views · View Upvoters

When you are in love you do a lot of mistakes but you apologize.
Then they never wanted to hear from you again. Do you think
this is what love is?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how in the movies a woman fucks about wth the guys time, and she
tries to act all stupid, thinking that guy is going to be always be there because love
is supposed to save the day when she treats him like shit, and because she is so
young, tight ass, breasts and he’ll always want her?
How about the movies where a guy does the same, and thinks that he can go oﬀ
not being vulnerable like the woman in other movie, and just take the person he’s
with for granted?
You know, the way people tell you, you can shit on someone all day long and then
apologize, and hurrah! Love saves the day?
Like mummy and daddy advice about the Mr Right and The right woman will
come along one day, so if all your relationships turn out shit, it can’t be you…no…
not you…you got nothing to learn..and..so wait because Mr Right will one day
step into your life just like that because it’s the right time?

If you believe all that, you are so screwed in life, you’re going to need to hire 5
therapist along the way. down lots of tablets to sort out your depression, and
probably do a lot of chasing for attention like most do, and call it “looking for Mr
Right/the Princess,” because such people are not that great for relationship and
then blame it on how jerks mess their life up but really, they are Jerks themselves,
using victim stories to get attention and when it gets serious, they self sabotage.
And of course, no one wants to stay on a sinking ship; and anyone experienced
and smart enough and mature enough, knows what a sinking ship feels and looks
like to move on.
Or work your butt oﬀ in a job as the click ticks and by that time you’re 40’s and if
you’re a woman, well you are screwed because if you wanted a relationship, you
needed to get that done, hands down, learned how, sorted it way back. You’re now
not that high in the market which people deny so eloquently that it doesn’t exist but…it does big time.
The wisdom of life…
“Love is not enough.”
Making mistakes is ﬁne but take someone for granted, if they got sense, maturity
and self worth, conﬁdence - they’ll move on.
Love is never enough.
Evidence is clear if you look around how people move on to other relationships
for many reasons. Some are - they don’t get what they want from the person, or
lack of compatibility, or person isn’t mature, or many other reasons.
Yes, some settle but some people got self respect and don’t.
They woke up from the bubble.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a man talk dirty to a woman?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. To see if we are compatible in this part. I desire a woman who knows how
to speak in this way and loves doing so. It’s in her personality and it’s in
her being and core.
2. To ﬁlter, screen women out who think sex and talking dirty, is a taboo,
3. To measure how high the attraction is
4. To see if she is really who she says she is as I focus on attracting slaves
not much subs but mostly slaves type women who can show their desire
to man and want to serve Master.
5. If I ﬁnd she feels uncomfortable about it by avoiding it…I am already
moving on. No point being with a woman I can’t be myself and who
doesn’t get this is one of my emotional languages.
6. Also it is arousing and to arouse her and for her to do same. If she avoids,
she is disqualiﬁed and I move on. I give a few chances but after that I
move on.I found out what I need to know.
7. To eliminate women who will behave opposite because they are trying to
manipulate a relationship, and so, they have expectation planned in
their head.
8. To screen out any women who isn’t high sexual and who has some dating
rules regarding sex.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why is our generation so screwed up? There are broken hearts
everywhere. People are in and out of relationship sagas all
around.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll let you in a secret…
It was like this always, but people back then were very good at lying and good at
acting, while they were fucking neighbors wife/husband/milkman/student/coworker…etc.
Now, we got the internet which gives far more exposure to it and the world.
Also most people are not as fucked up in believing that when married or when
dating someone, they now got to stick together if they are unhappy, get abused,
because they will be seen as sluts, whores, too easy or manwhore, player, or just
not a good husband/boyfriend/girlfriend/wife.
So a lot of people are not really going to just stick with someone they feel
unhappy with as much as they did before.
There’s also far more options now than before.
Far more.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Everything was normal till he asked for sex, but I don't want to
lose my virginity before marriage. Am I wrong? Should I agree?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not wrong. He’s not wrong.
You’re both not compatible it seems. Just move on. You see sex as holy grail and
something that deﬁnes you. He doesn’t.
We don’t want another..
“Oh he used me” question here on quora.
Best to move on if you think sex is something where you expect a man to now stay
with you forever.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What can you do to make your ex miss you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s imagine…
1. You didn’t gave the person what they wanted when it was obvious, as
clear as day what their desire is and emotional language is. They might
miss you, but missing someone and knowing what you with-held is a
sure enough way they’d not come back.
2. The person showed aﬀection. vulnerability, but you made excuses to not
do so, again and again, never learning because you cared about this
person. They may miss you but you never loved enough to learn what
you needed to when in relationship with them and not come back.
3. If they ﬂirted,if they sexualised, if they showed this part of their
personality which isn’t easy but brave in this shit world full of people
who judge people….. and you brushed it oﬀ, then the person may miss

you but as sure as day, they will remember this and not come back. That
is their emotional language, part of who they are and you frustrated that
person to no end, and now they won’t come back. It’s emotionally
draining to open up like that and ﬁnd you act like some princess or white
night, that sexualisation, ﬂirting is so above you. Well they wo’t come
back even if they miss you.
4. If the person gave creatively, if the person gave time, if the person
consistently gave, and you didn’t…and it was all about you - all about
your life….the person might miss you but they’ll remember this and it be
a wall in which keeps them far away from you.
5. If you didn’t ask about their life, their passion, their hobbies and if they
shared something of particular and did so again, and you ignored, you
didn’t expand it which is called ‘bridging’ in conversation technique to
show you are taking interest in the person, ﬁnding out more of the
person about this subject and other things it can reveal….they may miss
you but they will not come back.
6. If the person shared with you their feelings, in which they felt something
wrong and you didn’t correct it, and you made them guilty for sharing,
and you disappeared for a day or so, like it was a silent treatment…this
person won’t come back
7. If you tried later to say something when the relationship ended whether
giving you the so called closure or not, and you said “I don’t want you
back,” then they may miss you but this person won’t come back. You may
have burnt that bridge.
People can miss other people but that doesn’t mean they will ever come back,
ever be in that position again.
Especially if they felt they were taken for granted.
Someone who loves that person won’t do something to get them to miss them but
rather, to connect to clean up the mess because they valued the person, they
really have empathy and they want to show they want the person back without
games, but with sincerity in appealing to their heart.
Someone who desires nothing but validation wants an ex to miss them but
someone who valued that person, will want them back in their life without
games.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

We did long distance on and oﬀ for 2.5 years. He left me for
someone else out of the blue an year ago and is happy since.
Should I write to him on his birthday on how hurt I am as
closure for my own sake?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You don’t care wishing well for his birthday.
This isn’t about him, his birthday but an excuse for you to score points so you can
feel better about yourself and call it…closure.
It’s been 2.5 years.
Move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Juliette Duﬃeld

Why do guys check you out and look at you from afar, but when
you get close to them, they act like you don’t even exist?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some guys are “shy,” and will feel awkward.
You probably going or approaching guys who are low in self esteem, conﬁdence
and haven’t had much experience and believe in all the bullshit women vomit
about being gentlemanly, and white knight.
Thete is also another side of it…
If you are walking over and not smiling, well then anyone would want to not even
bother with you. You need to be warm before you approach, smile, and then
approach.
Be friendly, smile, show warmth in your expression and body language instead of
the body language of you trying to challenge him. His brain will think you’re on
ﬁght mode and ready to judge him.
If you approached a conﬁdent guy, who ha experience, it be you who will be
feeling uneasy, not the guy.
That guy will smile, and start talking, ﬂirting and even physical touch
conversation and if you reveal any negativity about yourself, sex, or follow some
traditional bullshit, or reveal some judgement on him… he will know as I will in a
matter of seconds…and…then…he’ll switch oﬀ and walk away.
So depends on who the guy is and depends on your initial behaviour and vibe he
sees on your face, body before you approached.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

A guy was ﬂirting with me, but now he ignores me. What should
I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, of course he’s going to ignore, whether it was face to face, or texting or phone.
A guy ﬂirts, he’ll behave in a ﬂirtatious way and sometimes sexual, and if you
ignore it, talking about something completely diﬀerent to stay way from being
ﬂirtatious/sexy…then you have given the message to that guy that..
1. You don’t want to talk about such things or behave in that way.
2. It paints an image of you in his mind, which that’s how you’ll be with
him in future, so he probably doesn’t want that behavior as it makes him
feel shit. He may talk to you but doesn’t mean he feels same way now as
he wanted to. Attraction is now switched iﬀ.
3. You don’t feel same way even if you did show interest before. Attraction
can die, instantly for not ﬂowing with the emotional language he is
using. If you avoid it again and again, it doesn’t matter you said this and
that. Man sees behaviour far more than a woman’s words. If your
behaviour isn’t arousing, exciting, turning him on, he’ll go somewhere
else.
4. You showed in behaviour some confusion - that you are available but
now you’re not, so he now goes somewhere else, which does give him a
response he desires and what makes him feels good. You hesitated and
hesitation is dangerous when it come to building on attraction. It show
you don’t desire a guy and you have doubts.
In other words - you have now shown you’re not interested.
You see, it is easy to get a guy’s attention but it takes a whole lot more to keep a
man interested and so, if you don’t show you desire a man, if you don’t keep

pounding and arousing his mind, if you don’t turn him on in his head…well…he’s
going to go somewhere else to get that feeling of being…desired.
There are plenty of women to talk to as a “friend” but for most like myself, it’s
boring. It’s not intimate, it’s what you talk to anyone, about hobbies, movies,
weather,job, passion and these…well…does not arouse a man but kills attraction
dead, no matter what some guy or girl tells you what works.
You’ll ﬁnd the guy slowly move away and talking less or take less interest in you
until you don’t hear from him anymore.
You see the guy now with other girls and these girls get it, they understand what I
am saying and they are hooking him in, ﬂirting, being fun, not serious, and
capturing his emotions and turning him on to ﬁrst…get…the guy.
Most women focus on being so serious, non ﬂirty, and doing all the serious stuﬀ
to get a relationship.
How can you get a relationship when you cannot even get the guy?
You ﬁrst get the guy, you attract, you turn him on, you show “why you,” and you
do not let go of the ﬁnger on that pulse of arousing, turning him on, exciting him,
making him imagine all you’d do with him in ways that makes his heart race.
You don’t much to get a man’s attention but keeping a man, and a conﬁdent one
who has options, is a diﬀerent story altogether.
Guys always walk away from response that doesn’t make them feel good, wanted,
desires, and so he will move on to whoever gives him what he wants to feel.
It seems you’re making some obstacles in your mind anyway because that
opportunity is gone anyway. It always is the case for girls who don’t take action so
they add some prejudging about the guy to not feel hurt as much and for
disappointments in themselves for not taking action..or..the type of action
needed.
So yeah, best move on and leave it.
11.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why can’t my boyfriend forgive me for something I have so
much regret about?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because you feel regret and apologized, doesn’t mean the other person is
forced to forgive. That’s a choice. His choice.
You see, this isn’t about you and him anymore.
That decision was made by whatever action you did or didn’t do, or didn’t give or
with-held or created.
You made it just about you with whatever you did which hurt him but the
moment you did that, it stopped being about you and him.
Now it’s about..just…him, his feelings and it’s his choice to forgive or whatever. It
may take minutes, months, years or maybe never.
This is about someone else’s feelings.
It’s not about you anymore.
It’s about his choice to do so or not. You can’t force it. You can only say how you
feel and that’s really it.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I date a guy for three years without being intimate?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t fall for the bulllshit sex isn’t important and blah blah nonsense.
It is to some men and that includes me. It’s not the only thing but damned if I let
anyone start selling me that. So don’t fall for that when you read stuﬀ or hear
people say such things.
It’s not as simple as that.
The world is ﬁlled with people who see sex as a philosophy, part of their life and
part of intimacy as I do with my lovers, subs and slaves.
It comes with values, and other things that are connected to it like how you see
the world, if you follow traditional belief systems, to dating fallacies and other
things that you may think a man like me sees “oh no, because no sex”
No, it means there is a belief system you come with and so when a woman says
that, I do not want this belief system in my life and I know it comes with other
things which I don’t want in my life. It means a man will see the world, life and
other areas of his life diﬀerent to you.
It also means, for a man who is sexual, that he has to fuck with his psychology
and biology.
Woman rejection her lover time and time again, isn’t good for a man. It hits his
self esteem and he’s a fool if he’s sexual to be with a woman who is not and who is
maybe asexual. He’s messing his own psychology and biology for what?
Love?
Love isn’t enough and we have see many examples on here, quora, where women
dating some guy, no sex for two years and meets some guy and on same day has
sex with him and drops the other guy w invested time, energy and he waited.
That’s the reality of what can happen to a man.
It’s your body but it’s his body too, his psychology and his time. It’s your choice
but it is man’s choice.
Just be up front about it.
That’s all you can do.
You ﬁnd someone who is compatible, who doesn’t want sex or someone who likes
to wait like yourself for years.
Avoid dating someone who does see sex as part of the sexual and romantic
relationship which by the way is nothing wrong about it.
Avoid trying to change someone because it can get real ugly if you do.
I hate women who try that shit with ﬁxing and changing someone. They need to
just let go of that nonsense and ﬁnd someone compatible to them from day one.
Same with guys, pretending what they are not to then try and ﬁx and change the
woman they are with.
It’s toxic and so always look for compatibility and it will make your life and other
person’s life so much enjoyable and easier.
It’s when you hide this and you are not up front that men who do desire same as
you, cannot identify you and so it’s harder for them to know you exist. You got to
be vocal when you meet potential dates.

Just make sure you are upfront and say to guy you don’t want sex for 3 years, and
whatever intimate means to you.
Be up front and avoid games.
There are men like me, who want up front, direct, so we know what you want and
it’s ok to be say it but stay away from calling a man a player, bad boy, jerk for
walking away because that is his choice too.
Just be up front and it be easier.
There are tons of guys who are not into sex at all.
World is ﬁlled with many people and some who feel same as you and some like
myself, well say to a woman - “Nah, not interested. I see physical touch, sex
important.”
So seek compatibility and you’ll be ﬁne.
3k Views · View Upvoters

As a man, could you have a relationship with a woman without
looking at porn?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, pretty darn easy.
Porn is alright but I like the real life sex.
Don’t get me wrong, nothing wrong with Porn, as I watch it with women, my
lovers, sub, slaves.
But if a woman got issues about it and says..
“I don’t want you to watch porn if you want a relationship with me!”
Then no, she can fuck oﬀ out of my face. I’m Dom. You don’t tell me shit. I’m the
one who is going to say what not other way round. Bye, bye. Find a nice good
gentle knight.
So I won’t be in relationship with her anyway.
As you can see, it depends on the context.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever handwritten someone a love letter?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not until I knew 100% attraction is mutual and even then, after we got sexually
physically, and there’s history together…and…then I later wrote.
Not before.
I’m not falling for the Hollywood and Bollywood bullshit.
And there is a way of doing things and doing it the bullshit way creates a lot of
awkwardness and you are emotionally investing in someone who has yet to show
mutual attraction, and is also putting in the eﬀort and work.
Many do and ﬁnd themselves screwed.
Always ensure that attraction is mutual, there has been some history and
experience together, physical, and then do that.
Avoid being fooled by movies and what most people say.

Best you ensure mutual attraction is there and it is said verbally and by their
behaviour, and there is a history between you in sexual and romantic.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is going through a rough time with a few things.
She brings them up and then doesn't elaborate when I ask her
and she said that she will let me know when she wants help.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. She talks about her problem
2. You listen
3. When done…..
“You’re awesome. Wow. The way you just like that strong and take all that
shit…”
4. Hug her,kiss her, done.
She isn’t talking to want a solution.
She just wants to talk to let out steam, to say how she feels, that is it.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to date mainly because of sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As long you are open, direct with the people, honesty and it’s all on board in
which it is legal age consent, it’s consensual from you and the person or people,
then there is nothing wrong with it.
It’s natural and it’s beautful
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can a man understand what a woman feels during sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You turn your face to her
2. Then you ask her
I’m curious, how does it feel for you when you are having sex?
Here’s another one..
“What else do you want to feel?”
“What do you think you need for you to feel this way?”
“What will make you feel comfortable to have sex in that way?”
There we go.
It’s called..communicating with your lover.
When you’re open with each other, you can ask whatever you want. Whether she
answers is a diﬀerent matter because she needs to feel and believe she can be
vulnerable to do so and she isn’t going to get judged.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it hard for anyone to digest the fact that a guy can be a
virgin until the age of 27?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same way, on why would a guy talk to people and say he is a virgin, anyway?
I mean what is up with that?
“I am a virgin!”
Who the fuck does that anyway? Telling such personal stuﬀ to people like that.
It’s not something amazing or incredible fucking achievement.
So stop telling people you’re a virgin or they will say..
“OOoh 27 a virgin.!
You say things to get a response, validation and when you don’t get the validation
you want, you complain about it.
So stop telling people you’re a virgin.
I remember one guy said that two weeks ago and I just said to him..
“Mate, what the fuck you want. A medal? She didn’t need to hear it. I didn’t need
to hear that, so what the fuck you telling me and these girls for?”
He stopped saying it.
He grew the hell up fast.
13 Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop having feelings for a girl that loves someone
else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Severe all connection
2. Block on all channels and phone
3. Avoid spending time with her
4. Focus on getting yourself busy in developing yourself i.e. hit the gym, as
that’s investment for future, you’ll see remarkable results if you’re
consistent and do it right in 6–1 year.
5. And start approaching other girls. There is no “one.” So forget all that
nonsense and putting a girl on a pedestal. Plenty of girls out there but
you haven’t ventured out much in world to see.
Embrace the feeling is natural, it’s ok to feel for someone but now change
your focus more on yourself.
Keep yourself busy on things that helps you, your body and your future. All this
will increase you to be attractive rather than wasting time thinking of some girl
who is with someone else. It brings no results but useless over thinking and you
waste investing time and emotions.
Avoid hoping for anything and don’t be a doormat being there for her. She’s
dating someone else, so focus on your life and meet other girls.
Time is valuable resources.
Avoid squandering it.
17 Views · View Upvoters

Why do boyfriends break up with me when I say I'm asexual,
but still want a relationship? I think kissing is ﬁne, I just stop
them from sex.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You need to say you’re asexual from the very beginning. You say what
you are looking for and what you are not like a mature adult, from the
beginning.
2. You need to focus on attracting people who are asexual or want what you
want = compatibility.
3. Or you are misleading them and playing games to get only what you
want.
4. Sex is important to many people and to some it is not. This way you
attract those who desire what you want. Makes life easier.
5. Ensure you ﬁrst seek compatibility from the beginning.. You avoid trying
to hide to later try and ﬁx and change someone. Physical attraction is
only one step. Compatibility is a must or you’re already making it
diﬃcult for yourself and others.
This is a compatibility issue and you are not being up front in revealing you are
needs and what you don’t want from the very beginning of the interaction so the
person…can…decide early on in the beginning of the interaction.
Get good at selection.
It starts by being honest, direct and clear in a polite manner from the very
beginning.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell an older and overweight female friend that I'm
not attracted to her?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You don’t mention she’s older
2. You don’t mention overweight.
3. Keep these perceptions to yourself
4. Instead politely just say you are ﬂattered and admire her conﬁdence but
you don’t feel the same way.
That’s it.
Be honest, friendly, and direct in this manner.
I would not be her friend to give her hope and just move on. Forget being some
white knight. Friends type of relationship take time too and you need to as a man
to value your time but also not give someone hope and torture them.
You don’t want to lead people on intentionally or unintentionally.
Just be polite about it and move on.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rick Smith

Do women or men want sex more (biologically or culturally)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every man is diﬀerent.

You just think about what you want and then ﬁnd someone compatible to what
you want as he wants the same.
There is no use for example for me to think what women want.
I don’t lead my life by following using questions like what do ‘women’ want more
of.
Every woman is diﬀerent.
I have met women who don’t want sex, to woman with very high sexual drive, to
women who love kinky sex, to women loved to be slaves, subs and whipped, to be
a slave for a certain type of man and kneel to him only to women who want this
and more, like relationship as well.
I have met women who are depressed to women who are impatient, to women
who just want attention and women who don’t even know what they want and
some just not in a phase of their life to be mature enough to be direct and clear
about their needs. They play games, manipulate and emotionally draining and
dishonest.
So I don’t ask about what women want.
I ask ﬁrst what I want and get my head sorted, and have it down as what it means
in compatibility and make the message clear and direct to attract such women.
I don’t care if some women don’t want sex.
I eliminate them from my path, by ensuring I screen them out by being direct on
what I want, without apologizing for my needs and wants.
I know I will push women away who are not into men as myself,who are direct,
love rough sex, not into any of these datig rules and I always attract women who
full on, sexually conﬁdent that when I meet and we’re alone, I pin them to the
wall, rip their top oﬀ, turn hem round and fuck them in ass right there and then…
AND…they love it and want more.
To another woman it be “OMG WTF.”
For these women, it’s “OMG FUCKING YES! YES! FINALLY! I FOUND THAT MAN!
I FOUND HIM! MORE! I WANT MORE OF THIS!”

Best to not think in those lines regarding men as all are diﬀerent with diﬀerent
sexual drives, needs and wants.
Some men I know don’t want sex.
Some more are not sexual at all.
Some men just had enough of women and sick of them, and some women love
dating just women, some love to have lots of sex and that’s it - and - some love sex
and relationship.
Every man is going to be diﬀerent and trying to even suit for all men is disaster in
the making.
We’re all diﬀerent in needs, wants, memories, experiences, psychology and
biology and even where we are in the phase of life. So in level of experience and
maturity we are also diﬀerent.
Know what you want and how you want it and how to communicate it, and be
direct and be honest about it.

Avoid games or the game you’ll see how some of us men see such women play
games as someone sick in head, ill, a woman has something up with her in her
psychology or she is projecting all kinds of things and feel she is hiding
something.
That is the most diﬃcult for most - know what you want and then know how to
communicate and screen out those who are not compatible.
Have the abundance mentality.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I don't feel like I'm supporting my boyfriend enough. How can I
ﬁx that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You - how can I be more supportive with you because I love you lots and I like to
be there for you?
Him - Well, erm, ok. I like blah blah blah and blah blah blah and blah blah.
You - Is that all?
Him - Yeah, that’s all.
You - I can do that!

Communication is the key.
Ask him.
You’ll ﬁnd out what supportive means to him.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

A guy stopped texting me for more than a week after I rejected
his kisses on a second date, what should I do? I just couldn’t
trust him yet but I’m still interested in him. Should I text him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t worry about it. It happens. Here’s what to do…
1. Text him but do not, whatever you do, say you…don’t trust him.
Instead…turn what seems negative into positive…
“Hey (his name), I really enjoyed our date together and I like to say, the
way you respected me for not kissing me is something I admire a man who
is strong enough to do that and you showed me that . I was just shy, and
need a bit of time and to feel comfortable. I still want to meet you and hope
you feel the same way. Text me back so we can talk on phone.”
Use your own way and shorten it if need to.
2. Then when he texts back, and it’s positive, lead it to the phone. Just text
back..
“How about we talk on phone. In 5 mins?”
3. Then talk,iron out again, in a happy way and then move very fast to
make another date.

4. Now, even though you have another date sorted with him, ensure you
talk more with him on the phone. Get to know more of him on phone as
he does with you.
Hopefully it be ﬁne.
Avoid being hard on yourself and on him. Relax, have fun and don’t worry about
it. It happens a lot. It’s normal sometimes to push away from a kiss or you don’t
feel comfortable because you don’t know the guy.
Especially if there hasn’t been lots of communication between you both on phone
or text, kind of thing.
Try that and see how it goes.
And just…you know…live in moment and have fun.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Isn't dating advice actually worthless because no two people
are the same?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So doing a degree, to get good at a certain type of job, knowing how to sort your
CV out, having interview techniques, gaining social skills and conﬁdence is
useless because two and millions of companies are not the same?
This is why the Bad Boys beat the shit out of so many people when it comes to
dating. They know, so well, this is how most people think. They didn’t drink the
koolaid most drink.
They got so good at it while most ignored the signs in their own life.
You go to a job interview, and everyone on that panel has a diﬀerent personalities.
So if they have a diﬀerent personality trait like most here saying, with this
logic….you don’t go and better yourself understanding their values of that
company, their needs, their wants, their psychology, how they do things, and get
good at your social skills, your communication skills, knowing how to inﬂuence
them to see you as the person for that job.
No wonder I meet women that tell me how shit so many guys are at even
conversing with women and have no clue on how to capture their emotions, ﬁring
their imagination because they don’t know even he basics, to make a connection
with them.
They make it so awkward, so boring, so like crazy.
I had one guy, for example last week, I had to listen to his phone call with the
woman he has a challenge with. I was cringing so bad I had to text him to stop
talking to her and get oﬀ the phone.
Then explain to him what he was doing.
One ﬁne tuning, he went back and phoned her and he connected with her. This
isn’t about personality traies people,
Most do not even the basic fundamentals on understanding how to connect at an
emotional and intellectual level with a woman/man. They make it so awkward
and what the person was attracted to suddenly fades and yes, it can happen
because you didn’t know something.
That’s what it means…that attraction is not a choice.
That in the mind of a woman and man is a pattern, a unconscious swimming
inside and you are not speaking just to the woman or man, you are speaking to

their brain who is making all the decisions.
But if you talk in a way and communicate in a certain way, and that person saw
you attractive - that way that person thought they knew, suddenly kills attraction
like it never was even there.
I’ve seen that so many times.
Then comes along a Bad Boy who did learn, who did invest, who read probably
every damn book he can get his hands on, used it, applied, it, removed the shit
out of what he learn, kept the good, made it his own through yeares of practice
and beat the living shit out of nice guys and nice guys are like,…
“Ooh why Bad bys so attractive to girls,”
And you’ll get some idiots..
“It’s because of movies.”
No, it’s not just that. Not everything is sociallisation. Not everything happens
because of social conditioning.
There is biologic and psychology of a diﬀerent kind in the mix.
These guys know what they are doing. They know it is a…language.
Get it?
Dating is a language not a technique, a language of it’s own and these guys
ﬁgured it out that even a woman won’t tell you. She won’t kneel down like a sub
to any man but a man who knows his shit and these Bad Boys know their stuﬀ so
well. They knew it’s a language.
When you go for an interview, when you apply, when you write that CV, when you
sit in front of an interview panel, you are speaking a language. No, not eglish, not
french, but an emotional language that has logic to iot as well and that in itself is
a powerful skill.
Most think social sills is “hey, how you doing,” and how you know how to
approach someone conﬁdently.
That’s not social skills.
Social skills is understand then social dynamics, the psychology of the world
you’re in, the situation, the environment and easily, with speed pick up the
energy, vibe of the person you’re talking to and being able to connect with their
emotional language.
These guys know how to do this.
They have hammered it since they were teens.
They faced their own demons, faced fears of rejections many a times, they went
through so many girls, women, they know what is what, how, when and why.
So all the nice guys, all the gentleman, all those pretty boys go out there and it’s
like they are armed with arrows against a world of tanks, bulleys and grenades.
Not the Bad Boy.
He sees the world for what it is not the fantasy fairytale way.
They didn’t take chances in this but everyone else has and complain that the Bad
Boys, Herks get all the girls.
What?

Are all girls and women stupid then?
No, of course not. The reason is these guys know how to approach and talk in
their emotional language.
If you really respect women or men, you’d learn this but most people don’t but
they’ll do a degree for a job but they’d about learn relationship management, they
won’t learn then process of attraction, they won’t learn how to build attraction
that is already there, they won’t learn how to communicate and connect in that
language.
It’s like you’re in a business, selling a product.
Every consumer is diﬀerent, with diﬀerent traits and yet, they can sell hundreds
to thousands to millions to these very consumers.
They know the needs and wants of the consumers, they ﬁgured things out most
people don’t and if you knew what they know, you’d succeed in a lot of things
even dating.
Look at quora.
Just take a look at the mess of so many people. That is millions of people who
think like that. Millions and look at where they are.
In a complete utter mess.
If that was so, it be so for everything we do.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I meet a guy of my dreams?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In a model Magazine, usually on the cover of any glossy Men’s Magazine. Or
Men’s ﬁtness Magazine.
Already decked up with lots of studio lights, some makeup you don’t see and of
course Photoshopped to look more pleasing to the eye. They may also have added
lasso to the chest and pimped it up to be wider as well as the shoulders, did some
high lights to give edge to the outer-shape of the book.
Also added some ﬁlters that are far superior than the ones you use for when you
post on Instagram or Pininterest.
Each man was selected carefully from many men, from hundreds to
thousands of photographs men who dreamed of wanted to be models. I was
one of the people who worked in attracting and selecting the women for
these magazine agencies.
I used to do that shit every fucking day and became editor of my own magazine
until I moved on to something else.
They made it easier for you…
If you walk down street you’ll see a newsagent.
Just get one of those magazines and then go home and ﬁnd your sex toys and
start talking to the chosen man..of..your…dreams.
Or you can even click and buy the magazines online.
There we go.
The guy of your…dreams.

Notice the word ‘dreams.”
In dating world we call him - the Unicorn.
He doesn’t exist only in your…dreams.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why are blonde girls more attracted towards black boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because it’s emotional bias. It’s what you see because that’s what you want to see.
You probably living in some small corner of a place and haven’t ventured out into
the world. You’ll see blondes dating all sorts.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How does it feel when you love someone but they don’t love you
back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How does it feel to love someone unconditionally who doesn't love you
back?

1. You feel sick in stomach
2. Emotionally drained
3. And if you’re smart you’ll end it because you’re smarter than most as
you’ll know…love..isn’t…enough. If they are not going to give, it’s
balanced, best let that person go. They got a lot of growing, maturing,
and work on themselves to do.
Most people like that learn the hard way not easy way.
They already know what they are not giving and if you say it to them they start
being melodramatic, crying, making you feel guilty about it.
They know what you want but you’ll hear all kind of excuses.
They’ll say what you want but when you say what you want, they do some drama
or pretense and it’s back to it’s usual state.
They don’t learn until it is taken away from them and when it is, they’ll also learn
some people have self respect, value their time on this short life and they’ll just
have to ﬁnd someone else because most of the time, the person who gave has had
enough, now sees how future is going to look like with them and it is best to let
them go.
Life is too short being with someone who cannot show vulnerability.
Sometimes, a person will meet someone who comes to teach them a lesson. Life
brings them people like that and also, that lesson can also be for you to open your
eyes, realise your own potential, realise that maybe the lesson is for you to value
your life, your short time on earth and to appreciate you cannot ﬁx and change
people.
Some people you meet are ill, or in depression, or faced some trauma. they are
either young and lack experience, to older who lack direction, to people who are
in a phase of life in which they haven’t got their shit together.
You cannot do shit for them.
It’s like people who make the mistake when they see someone drowning, they
dive in and swim to front of person and get themselves drowned, so they are not
even helping that person or themselves.

They just don’t realise until they experience it to wake up to realise, you cannot
save someone who doesn’t want to be saved or doesn’t give a shit to even try.
You got to make a choice and sometimes you got to be selﬁsh because life on here
is short.
You deserve better.
They are not worth your time and time..you don’t have a lot of.
I am always listening, always and I am far better than years back in ﬁguring out
who to let go oﬀ even before I get to know them that well.
They say things like..
“I’m emotionally cold.”
“I get bored easily with someone and then I move on to someone else.”
There is more but imagine you hear that then you got to think about you giving
and the emotionally cold pretends, lies they are in love with you, and nothing is
real from the and much if your giving at times is not even reciprocated and
avoided or ignored, or not even taken serious. There is no empathy.
Then you got the second person who gets bored easily.
They are telling you they are immature, that they are looking for shiny objects
and they will cheat on you, they will lie even when they are not happy but not tell
you when i relationship with you so you can ﬁx it together. They will disappear
from your life when they get bored and you invested all that time, care, love and
look at how they treated it?
They are not worth it.
Moment I hear these things, there is no point to continue conversation with the
person or for me to be excited to invest. It’s like a switch inside of me that just
says..
“No point. The person is attractive but they just told me what can happen in
the future and so there is no point to go any further. Pity. I really liked this
person and attracted to this person but they just told me what can happen if
I invest.”
People sometimes can’t help but tell you who they are. They pre-frame you ready
for the self sabotage when they sabotage the relationship. Even if when they
don’t, their behaviour in the beginning begins to change to absolute nonreciprocating ways and you know they are playing something either out there
somewhere or in their head.
Either they don’t trust or either they listen to some friends or whatever the
reasons maybe - and - you may think love is enough but of it is, they would have
done their very best when you communicated how you felt but they didn’t.
Either it is silent treatment for a day or so or some behaviour changes and now
you know your answer.
So you take it all away from them and move on.
They have to learn the hard way.
People live life like they are going to live forever and squander their time on
someone like that. Not wise at all.
17.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why don’t some men like it when a woman comes on to them?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Ego
2. Cultural programming
3. Socially conditioned
4. Perception
All accumulates to the Ego = fear.
Keep going, you’ll ﬁnd a guy who gets it and hasn’t got his head up his ass but you
won’t if you sit at home, or do the hint stuﬀ.
You’re away ahead of many women. Keep going. It is a lot faster the way you are
approaching dating. Lot faster. Growth is faster and you learn far more about
yourself and the world around you.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when girls mess with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, the guy lets her. He seeks and craves validation. He needs to set
boundaries which sends a message he can’t be messed around.
Either Fuck Yes or Fuck No.
He’ll also ﬁnd some try to still break those boundaries, so if the girls do, then
block them. Severe communication completely, ignore, don’t give a shit, no
hello’s, no social media talking or texting.
Block completely because there are some who like to violate someone’s
boundaries thinking their tits, ass and pussies is on a pedestal. Send a message,
her pedestal doesn’t exist within your mind.
The missing piece..is avoid seeking validation and get a Fuck Yes or No.

Learn to move on faster.
Too many guys do not do this because they want to look cool to their mates or to
themselves, that they talked to a girl, some girl is showing interest and use that as
some status.
You other want to date her or not.
If so, then take action, remove the validation and ﬁnd if it’s a Fuck Yes or no.
No one gets to mess with you if you don’t give them the permission.
Sure, there are some who are good at manipulation but if a person knows their
boundaries and isn’t living in la la land and pumped up with empathy in such a
way that they believe there os “good” in the person or they are not pumped up

with infatuation for this person - and - starts to think rationally, that this person
is not respecting them nor their their time then you’d learn to move on faster.
I am not saying it is easy.
It needs growth, self awareness, lots of experiences, comprehension why the
individual themselves still doesn’t stop seeking validation, get a Yes or No or
learns to move on faster from such people.
Some people only learn the hard way and get really hurt to now realise it is either
a Fuck Yes or Fuck now, or that person can fuck oﬀ back to where they came from.
It is the guy seeking validation, due to his ego, he keeps chasing, or keeps door
open in the HOPE it happens.
Avoid letting your emotions making you their bitch.

Don’t hope.
Look for facts. Reality = Yes or No.
Slam the door shut if it’s a FUCK NO and even it’s “I don’t know,” and any
ambiguous response. Slam that door shut.
You’d eliminate a lot of pain, disappointments and frustrations.
There’s a lot of people on this planet who don’t know what they want, or got
anxiety, fear, lots of baggage, illness and also those who just like to fuck about for
attention for nothing more but to feel good about themselves.
You can’t control the other person but you can decide to set the bar high and hold
onto your self respect to not be messed with.
So that guy lets the girls do that to him.
7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michelle Andrade

Can applying ﬁrm boundaries ever put a stop to a narcissist's
abuse?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Nov 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You set boundaries
2. They will go for it to break them
3. That’s why I block, severe connection and bye, bye.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why would someone feel attacked or oﬀended if you told them
they were ignorant and narrow minded if it is not true?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You really want to shorten your life on earth, don’t you?
A guy near where I live got his head blown oﬀ for less. You’re going to get yourself
hurt if you shoot your mouth oﬀ like that.
Either say something good, or keep it shut.
There are nutters on this planets, some people are very emotionally unstable. You
go oﬀ being all righteous, you better know how to stick up for yourself when a
ﬁsts come ﬂying at you.
Relax and just enjoy the company of people you’re with and stop telling them that
kind of stuﬀ.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should I look for in a guy to be with for the rest of my life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For the rest of your life?
I’d wake up and realise life is not a fairytale and sort your expectations out. Air
your expectations, what you want to the guy but just know, relationships are not
without the knocks.
There is no one perfect in this world and many will disappoint you and it’s the
expectations that get you the most.
Best you sort your expectations out and realise you got no control of having
someone with you for the rest of your life. You can only love someone and the rest
is to live in the moment.
You can increases your chances with knowledge, experience, skill but you make it
diﬃcult if you think you there is some unicorn out there, prince charming to be
with you for the rest of your life and that you got control over it.
You either learn this the hard way or easy way.
Most learned it the hard way.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

My ridiculously good looking friend is making himself
unappealing so that women won't ﬂirt or hit on him, is he very
loyal or just being rude?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not being rude and he’s not being loyal.
He’s just doesn’t want drama and doubts, and questions like this one from the
person he is in relationship with because he feels she’s so insecure that it might
do that - cause drama and problems like jealousy, possessiveness, ongoing
bullshit arguments over it.
He’s probably had that before in other relationship and now he sees same pattern
happening in the person he is dating and in relationship with.
So he doesn’t want the headache but if he knew he has nothing to worry about
who he is in relationship with - he’d not give a damn.
And if whoever he’s in relationship is not careful, it might come to a point he has
had enough and he’d walk away to ﬁnd someone who insecure enough in

themselves to trust him and just enjoy then moment with him.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

As a guy, what would you do if you come to know that a girl you
barely know has a huge crush on you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I am attracted to her then I’ll ﬂirt, have fun and then ask her out for a drink and
let her know by my ways I am attracted to her but I just need to more about her,
and in a positive way.
I don’t see the big deal.
It’s attraction not love.
These two are diﬀerent.
Attraction can happen instantly.
Like “kaboom.”
Or do you want her to see you as ugly and not something to even bother with, and
she walks oﬀ being attracted to someone else?
It doesn’t matter how fast or slow attraction happens.
The point is, it happens without your will, without manipulation and it is by the
choice of that person.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys like tall girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because her legs look far sexier…

And when she walks in the crowd…all…eyes are on her..

And when she leans over to pick up something from the car, it takes longer to
look at all of her…

And turms around to look at you…with hunger in her eyes. I mean look at those
legs, long and smooth…and her height..

But out of all this, what tops it all, YES, all the guys will say…
It’s when she starts doing those stretching techniques and your mind starts
thinking of a new sex position…

In other words…
Tall gets your attention far more short does, anywhere.
Tall women attract attention.
If a group of women was walking into a night club, a bar or street, eyes mostly will
move towards the tallest one in the group.
Her face will be the ﬁrst they look at…

In status, she is perceived more conﬁdent, maybe wealthier and more successful
than shorter women she is standing with.
The perception conjures up tall, blonde women, the alpha female, who dominates
in face of abundance of women.
Just mention “tall” and already his mind is “blonde, tall, alpha female.”

But does that mean many men will approach.
It may mean - for men who haven’t conﬁdence, she is intimidating while shorter
women are not and far more approachable for them in their mind.
So it can work for or against.
That entirely depends on her attitude and the attitude of the men she meets
through her life.

But there is no doubt…

Tall women attract attention.
Credit: Images Pininterest
25.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why are British people so proud of the NHS?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I came from a poor country. I wasn’t always like I am today and with what I have.
Coming to England, I have to say I fell in love with the country.
Sure it has some stuﬀ that I didn’t like but I came from a country that just
medicine was not easy to come by only if you was rich or ok income wise.
Here, I discovered quickly, you get to see a doctor for free, you get hit and
ambulance come.
I fell in love wth a Nurse just by seeing her in hospital, rusihng back and forth,
helping people who were sick and ill.
I felt I was in heaven and still do, to know if I get ill, I can get medication, I can go
to hospital, and it be paid.
Even when working in a job it’s still awesome.
That’s massive for me..
Every time I hear the siren and see ambulance go by, or I walk past a hospital or
clinic, I whisper in my head “thank you.”
It’s not perfect but it is HUGE diﬀerence to what it was like way back home.
So thanks to NHS, it’s doctors and nurses..
Seriously, thank you.
You saved may of my relatives lives, helped them get better and they’d have died
a slow painful death back home.
I’m wasn’t botn in UK but it doesn’t mean I cannot be proud of the British Health
Care.
So thank you!
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to love someone who will never love you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you every tried to dance with Sirens?
They sing and draw you in to make your heart dance
And when you come close,their face become demons
Nor light do you see but the pain in which eats your ﬂesh
Have you ever had someone try to change you?
They ﬁrst say they desire the same as you
But that is only to sink their teeth in to drink
No matter what you give it isn’t enough
You ﬁnd yourself empty and dying piece by piece
Have you called to the invisible Gods in the sky?
How did it feel when none answered your prayer?
And all around you say it is because you are not holy enough
That you must have done something wrong
You must pray hard
Be more patient
That you’re the selﬁsh one
That you are not good enough

Have you looked up to the diamonds in the sky?
How does it feel to know you can never reach and touch them?
Do you then think I am a fool to love someone who won’t love back?
The one who deceive themselves that they are unreachable
They are unworthy of whatever you and I can give
I, who holds whips in my hand and women kneel like slaves
Complete submission to their Master
What do I need any woman who does not love back?
They are unworthy of this hand that whips
The hand that caresses
This mighty mind of conﬁdence and domination
This mind ﬁlled with knowledge, experience and insights
And these eyes that give purest of form of attention
These lips that kiss, lick my slaves pussy and breasts
These teeth that bite up to the apex of their thigh
Love someone who doesn’t love me back?
When I have women sitting as subs/slaves beside my feet?
Face down and ass up whenever I command!
Always in complete obedience!
Why would I choose fear, selﬁshness over self love?
Why would I even think of choosing cowardice over courage?
Why would anyone choose silence over vocal tender vulnerability
Why would any choose death over life?
Shame, mind games, insecurities over freedom and sexual pleasures?
Why, when I can get far more from somewhere else?
Far more from where I am right now
Far more worth than THAT person can ever give me?
What do I want THAT person in my life for?
When I have all this and more?
No, I do not love anyone who does not love back
They are unworthy of my time and eﬀort
They are unworthy of anyone who has empathy
Unworthy of anyone who can show vulnerability
Unworthy of anyone who is brave to show their feelings of love
They have nothing, whatsoever to oﬀer me
None to oﬀer you in regards to this word called ‘love.’
What value can THAT person oﬀer you and me
Nothing.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Does the success of "50 Shades of Grey" prove that women are
attracted to rich, handsome alpha males over feminine men
with no muscles?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Fantasies sell.
Sex sells.
Hot vampires sell.
Werewolves sells.
And Harley quin is one badass woman…

But she’d do my head in if she’s appeared in front of me and smashing people
around with baseball bats and thinks it’s fun.
It sells.
Money…money…money.
The only thing 50 shades shown is how many people will buy shit all day and year
long because of marketing.
That is all.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Suppose your ex left you 3 times before, and for some other
nonsense reasons. Then again for the fourth time he/she came
saying “I loved you truly. Sorry that was my fault. Please accept
me now.” What would you do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once is ok.
I broke up with one of my lovers but later we got together. If I did it second time
I’m a fucking idiot to want to come back together.

Once is ok, ﬁne.
Twice, I am being a fool,
Third time is fucking stupid.
Fourth - the person has the girl’s pussy or dick on a pedestal. Got abandonment
issues and needs to wake up.
Love isn’t enough.
The person has seen that proof three damn times!
I’d say to him or her, to slap themselves a few times and shake themselves out of
this stupidity.
They can do better.
And if he or she is a friend, I’d say to them to get out of my face and don’t come
back until they grow the hell up.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is a plain looking woman with a hot body attractive to men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she has plain face but hot body…like this..

Or a hot body like..

Then yes.
Without a doubt a large number of men will be attracted to her.
She only has to have an ass like..

And she will grab most men’s attention.
But if her personality is shit and she brings drama to his life or there is a lack of
compatibility then it won’t last long.
Perceived value grabs attention.
Absolute value builds long term sexual and romantic relationship.
13.7k Views · View Upvoters

How is it normal that everytime I meet a guy, they stop talking
to me or even block me or unfriend me on all their social media
accounts, because it's the same pattern over and over and I
don’t know how to make it stop?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be one of these reasons..
1. You don’t get to the point. If you’re attracted to the guy, you need to say it
and I don’t mean “I like you,” because like can be like as a friend. It
doesn’t mean anything. It’s like some teen in school “I like..” Flirt, show
you’re attracted to the guy so he knows where it’s going.
2. You’re doing hints and so the guy probably thinks all you’re looking for is
talk and well, people busy. If you’re not going anywhere with it then
attention span online is very small.
3. You’ve shared negative trait about yourself which means the guy has
probably already experienced it from other women, so he doesn’t want to
experience that again. Maybe you told him you’re not good with
relationship or something, and if he even starts something with you, you
just told him what can pan out in the future. So he’s not going to bother
as he feels it can end that way with him.
4. You might have talked about ex’s, crushes, and now they are confused or
they feel you’re like the rest - just looking for emotional support, so pﬀf,
they block.

5. Negativity, toxic. Are you being negative, talking how bad life is, your life
is, on and on then it’s headache. We don’t want to hear it.
6. Are you trying to talk about politics, religion, race and other worldly stuﬀ
like doom.
7. Is the talk about you, all about you and not about the guy.
8. Since there it is not going to lead anywhere, other women will get their
attention and so they move on.
9. Did you hint some judgment i.e. “player, bad boy,” or any hint of negative
sex vibe which is again prejudging the guy. Guys had enough of that
bullshit.
10. Do you argue, being argumentative?
11. Did you start talking feminist and talking shit like “we women suﬀered
more than men.”
12. Can’t take a joke? The guy jokes and you act serious.
13. Do you avoid when they ﬂirt?
It can be anything but one thing is for sure..
If it’s boring, if it’s negative and if you’re attracted to guy but not showing it, and
verbally saying so clearly, they will of course lose interest.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why are people on Quora so obsessed with narcissists?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why are people on Quora obsessed with narcissists?

It’s not that there is some obsession.
It’s you clicking on these questions and you need to sort your feed out, and then it
won’t trigger for many questions about Narcissists to come up.
I don’t get many Narcissists questions because of that but I know now, after
answering this question, I’ll see a stream of questions coming up about it, but
that’s due to me, the user, triggering it.
It’s like walking in a Cheese Cake factory and asking the manager..
“Hey, how come there’s lots of Cheese cake everywhere? I want spaghetti!”
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys like to completely dominate me (sexually)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is not that they like to dominant you.
It is you who is choosing dominant men.
We are already of that nature. It’s already our kinks. It’s already what a guy
desires long before you showed up.
My preference is an extremely submissive woman and so why would a woman
who isn’t be with a dominant man to then question it?
This isn’t for woman who thinks..
“Oh I am bored, I want to try it.”

It’s a philosophy ﬁrst. It’s a lifestyle. It’s something you crave for, desire and
believe in your heart and desire to be submissive not because it’s sounds trendy
because of 50 shades of grey or you want to ﬁx and change a dominant man. You
can’t ﬁx and change him.
It’s what I’m proud of being and it is at the core of my being and won’t have it any
other way.
Complete obedience is a must when it comes to subs/slaves or bye, bye. It’s not
for everyone.
So if you don’t want to be dominated, if you don’t like it, stop complaining and
get good at choosing guys who are compatible with you.
Dominant men who like to dominant women in sex are not going to change.
There’s nothing to ﬁx. Move on and date someone compatible to you.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do men meet women at nightclubs when it's too dark and
loud to see anyone or have a conversation?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Avoid going to a cheap night club. So choose night clubs carefully. Not all
night clubs are very dark so shop around until you ﬁnd one that you feel
makes you feel comfortable.
2. Night club isn’t about talking. It is the art of sub-communication, vibe,
feeling, movement and so, it is about truly conﬁdence in behavior rather
than talk. It is designed for this not for talking. Bars is for talking or
cafes, and social gathering but this is about the art of sexual
appeal/behavior, sub communication, conﬁdence in visual form not
speech. Don’t talk, behave, learn to ﬂirt, make strong eye contact and
feel someone’s energy.
3. To talk you isolate the person, which means you lead them out and away
from noise to talk. After the sexual indirect dance and physical touches if
connection made, it’s positive, you isolate and walk out with the person
and talk outside to increase attraction/rapport.
4. Then walk back in with the person.
5. Just because woman dances with you, kisses and all that and even
exchanges number, means fuck all. So I ensure I don’t spend lots time
with one woman but many, have fun dancing and lots lots of numbers. I
do walk away with a woman and it’s her or my place. Sometimes we don’t
have sex and we meet again and have sex. Depends of the vibe, how it
ﬂows and how chemistry and other factors.
I’m more of a fun guy, Gemeni, outgoing, so I network good, connect with lots of
people, and if I don’t have sex that night, I know I will as I come home and I got
two subs who are also slaves, and so I’ll have sex anyway. I go to night club to let
oﬀ steam, fun, dance and I love to dance but I also love observing people, it’s fun
seeing people enjoying themselves.
I do have introvert side but that’s when I want to be alone, re-energise, and so I
don’t see solitude as bad but blessing as I have a lot of friends, large social circle
oﬄine more than online. I spent a lot as well painting, writing, producing and
creating and so I need time alone, sometimes.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zach Bowman

Would you date a depressed person?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It be more harm for them if we dated.
Instead it be best if they dated someone of experience, knowledge and who can
empathise more knowing how to be there for this person.
I’m dominant. I expect complete submission and so, it is not for any woman who
is in depression. I empathise but no, it will be more harm for her than good. I am
into complete submissive women and there is no questions asked. I have subs
and slaves. They wear collar, pulled by chain and they do all I command.
Can you see how this will no way be for a woman who is in depression?
Also…
My friend killed himself due to depression. My mum also was suﬀering from
depression and it’s not easy experiencing this with people you love.
I empathise but I will not be able to give the time, attention and the love they may
need, or emotional support and I’ll just switch oﬀ always as I can’t have certain
things in my life due to memories it can bring back.
I still miss my friend and my mother, and now my dad. They all gone. I don’t want
to be reminded of those times.
So I’m going to say - no.
It won’t be positive outcome for this person and nor for me.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

My best female friend told me that she is in a relationship so
she does not need me. Would it be ﬁne if I speak rudely to her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re answer..
“Thank Goodness for that. I was wondering when I’d get rid of you!”
That is all you need to say, then block her on everything and let her stew in her
own fury.
Choose your friends wisely. That is not a friend.
;)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Would you rather have sex with many models or engage in a
turbulent long term relationship with a more typical woman?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sounds like you’re trying too hard rationalising your own bullshit.
For the record, there is no real man.
There is only man.
Like there isn’t such thing as real woman.
There is only woman.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I’ve been talking to this guy for months. It’s always deep and he
will ask me questions about what I really think on deep topics
of philosophy and politics. We also make each other laugh. He
ﬁnds reasons to talk to me. Is this going anywhere?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not going where you want it to go because both of you have’t been honest
with each other in saying what the purpose of these conversation.
When you do, it will go somewhere or nowhere, and end abruptly.
Better be quick to escalate it because if you leave it too long, you’ll be seen like a
sister or a mother, or a friend.
If you don’t want that, better open up, show vulnerability and let him know
you’re attracted to him or…it’s going to go nowhere when he ﬁnds someone who
does show eﬀort in saying they are attracted to him.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What are the feelings of being alive in this life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In feelings…
1. Eagerness
2. Exhilaration
3. Bliss
4. Exciting
In action…
1. Fearless
2. Risk taking
3. Bold
4. Taking action
5. Passionate
6. Creativity
7. Not give a fuck without not giving a fuck
In Philosophy
1. Know yourself or someone else will know you to use you.
2. There is no meaning to life. You create meaning.
3. Talent is coming to a moment with pure focus of a skill, ability to
mastery level and be ﬂuid with it in all angles in which you are conﬁdent
to apply in any situation at any time.
4. 95% can be taught but the 5% that brings understanding and
comprehension is caught through doing consistently.
5. You don’t need anyone’s permission to go for what you want and live the
life what you want.
6. Avoid over-thinking. It is fear speaking. Face your demons and cut
through the noise and shame that has been socially constructed in
society, like a samurai sword that has a will of its own.

7. First comes thoughts and thoughts are real, and from formless they take
shape. Take care of your thoughts and guard yourself from other people’s
toxic thoughts.
8. Everything has a process. Do not ask questions from anyone until you
know the process, it’s structure, have applied in all angles to see what
works and what doesn’t. Ask only then from the learned to ﬁll the gap. Be
not mediocre asking many questions which you can answer through
studying and hard work. Respect one’s time and experience.
9. The right conduct of anyone is to act. Feel do not think. Take action. All
answers will be revealed in action not the comfort zone.
10. Your living, job, relationship should not conﬂict with your therapy or
happiness. If it is so, you have betrayed yourself.
11. You cannot ﬁx anyone by teaching. All anyone can do is help bring to a
person what they already know to their self awareness and what ails
them. It is for them to decide to cheat themselves or overcome whatever
ails them.
12. Be direct. Or you are like those who cannot project their desire and need
clearly to become motionless souls who fear the opinions of others
rather the enlightenment of their mind and spirit.
13. Only in your own rhythm will you ﬁnd mastery. Dance not to the rhythm
of others but your own.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

My husband has been very cruel to me lately and I cheated with
his brother who lives with us. Am I a bad person for doing this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your husband knows.
And you already know the answer on whether you’re a bad person. Your
conscience is hammering at you.
But your husband knows.
He’s just waiting for you to…tell him.
Tick tock. The clock is ticking and he’s seeing how long it takes for you to tell
him.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is your deﬁnition of a “real man”?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is your personal deﬁnition of a real man?

Deﬁnition of a real man?
There is no real man.
There is no man up.
Is there a REAL woman?
No.
There is woman.
This is only the same bullshit society likes to dictate, make people feel guilty,
shame, putting labels on men as they do with women.

There is only man.
From…a…man.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when a girl says "I'm not ready for a
relationship"?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on and approach someone else.
She is saying she is not sexually and romantically attracted to you. It’s a rejection.
Avoid wasting time being a white knight.
Giving her support, solving problems for her and all that.
Plenty of girls out there.
Move on.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Josseph Evangelista

Would you have sex with a robot?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why would you ever consider having sex with a robot?

Will the robot look like..

And pretends she’s a robot but is not a robot but role playing as a robot for fun?
Then Yes I would.
But if it’s a mechanical robot, meh, no.
It’s just an object with circuits.
Even feelings won’t be real, or the sweet pain and pleasure she’ll feel when I
string her up and we start the ﬂogging.
And tying her up to bed, legs wide up and hands spread wide and tied, and I can
see and feel her vulnerability, feel her excitement and also her fear. I feel her
anticipation, see it and feel it and I know it’s REAL!
And her ﬁrst moan, her ﬁrst scream, her ﬁrst quivering of her legs, her back
arching is from real sensations, real feelings, real desire that isn’t programmed to
pretend but it’s real and intimate.

But robot…
Just doesn’t do it for me.
A human being - no comparison,
Not even close.
What does it for me is woman shows vulnerability, and so has to overcome her
insecurities, her comfort zone, trust you and that’s then most thrilling, exciting
part of it all. That’s hot!
She has to overcome all her past, all the shit she thought was her perception, all
the fears and has earned the growth and journey she’s been, for us to meet in a
spot, a place, a universe in which all now comes together, and you can feel the
real sexual attraction kicking oﬀ.
But if I know I am looking at a robot, I’d know it’s not real feelings, it’s just codes,
it’s just circuits, it’s not an object that does whatever it’s told because it’s
programmed and well, that doesn’t do it for me.
All of what gets me passionate about her is gone, pﬀf, just like that. There’s not
even a mess, like mistakes, it’s all perfect and even if they program to not be
perfect it’s not the same.
I want real vulnerability!
A submissive and yet gutsy bad ass woman who faced the world and roared like a
lioness to scare pussy men away and women who judge to see me and..
“Ooooh Hello Master!”
A woman who in world of being judged with all these labels, she meets me face to
face, naked, pussy dripping wet, cocky as fuck, and..
“Mmmm Daddy, show me what you got.”
Vulnerability!
She conqueror the fucking world. put middle ﬁnger at the world, and that’s what
attracts me to her and that will then be gone, disappear and it be shit.
And most of all - she has to grow, overcome her own walls to as me hot sexy
questions that most women are too timid to ask due to fear of being judged as
sluts, whores and too easy.
But with me she laughs and says..
“Mmmm, I’m your slut, whore, bitch Daddy, I know exactly what turns you on. But
tell me more…I want to know.”
That takes a lot of growth and real experiences and have lived.
But a robot?
Might as well masturbate if that’s case as that’s what it be with robots. Like
women using wand vibrators.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

The last message my ex sent me was to leave him alone after I
confronted him, but I still love him. Should I text him a Happy
Thanksgiving?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No.

If he said leave him alone, it clearly means to just leave him alone.
Under no circumstances do you text him, write to him or call him on phone. Not
for birthday or happy thanks, new year, and any other festive celebration…
because he said leave him alone.
You’re just using that as some excuses, maybe looking for a clause or opening to
stir some emotions. He wants to heal and move on.
If he texted you to say leave him alone, it means do not contact him at all.
It’s over. Move on.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Does it bother you when other people’s lives are better than
yours?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see people and you don’t know the pain they may have.
You may see someone got more than you but you don’t know if they are
depressed, or hurting about something, or feel lonely, or they are sick.
You only see what they show you and most of time all you see is the pretty side
and not the shit they are going through.
How many celebrities you learned were suﬀering from depression and died
without anyone really knowing except later on when they died?
You look at facebook, see selﬁes, and all that but really you don’t know the person
and how they only show the good side, not the shit side of their life, the dark side,
the lonely side, the hunger for attention, the lack of satisfaction, the hell they did
to someone else but everyone don’t know because they good at acting many parts
online and oﬄine.
You see someone winning some awards but you don’t see how they hurt someone
or they hate doing what they do because they lazy or it’s not for them but they do
it because they follow their social peers.
You see some videos and photos of animals, ﬂuﬀy videos and compliments about
people but really, you don’t see their sad side, their covert side, behind their
hideous mask they were and you think they so good, nice, kind and care about
people, races, world, politics but for all you know they are a piece of shit who
used someone, hurt someone emotionally and ungrateful fucks.
They’d be the last person to cherish giving and love but you don’t see that except
what people want you to see.
You don’t see the rich probably got a daughter or son on crack or cocaine. You
don’t see the wife with pretty house, awesome holidays but they got a feud going
on with her man’s family and it’s an unhappy event every week.
I know people like what I have described.
I know people on here, talking about Narcissists, writing about it, to “how
someone fucked me over,” and proﬁle and they are worse than these Narcissists,
to stories of how jerks messed them obver.
Holy shit, I met some of these people. Fuck me, the worse than Narcissists. Like
they are writing about themselves.
I’m not saying all like that but what I am saying, you don’t know someone until
you get into their life and you see clearly a lot more than you’d ever see.

You only see what people want you to see.
The good, the happy, or even the misery done to them but they don’t say or show
the misery they did to others!
So no. I am happy with what I got and if I need more I’ll ﬁgure it out without envy.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ever stop to think about how this world will end? Do you
consider this to be a serious matter that you should prepare
for?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I don’t.
Just thinking one week ahead does my head in, never mind the end of the world
kind of thing.
No, I like living in the moment, right now, today.
I ﬁnd peace that way.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people hide their true colors in the beginning of a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. They want the pussy or the dick, and fear of losing the sex
2. Because they are craving for validation and acceptance so much they are
not themselves
3. Because they want to make a good impression but doing so by wearing a
mask
4. They fear of losing the resources or emotional support
5. They are attached to the outcome and want that outcome
6. They fear of losing the person and so they lose the outcome they
expected
7. They fear of being judged and seen diﬀerent
8. They believe this is the only way
9. They only know how to manipulate or like to manipulate
10. Because some have no empathy
11. Because they are immature
12. Because they are very insecure about themselves
13. Because they don’t know who their true self is
Fear.
15.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that a guy I've been talking to for 6 months said it
didn't matter what I look like, but after showing him a pic he
seems less into me? I don't consider myself ugly or pretty,
mostly average. Why does this happen?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It happens because he like most people bullshit themselves that looks don’t
matter to them, really does.
Avoid drinking the koolaid society is dictated by this shame that you don’t look
for appearances, because if that is so, I’m sure you can walk in many streets and
date a beggar and it be less hassle than dating websites and all the dating
traditional nonsense most go through.
Yes people have their…limit, when it comes to appearances so people do care
about the look.
People lie, they rationalise their lie to make them feel better in how they so
diﬀerent to everyone else, special, when they are not fucking special but like
every one of us - shallow in some way or another.
But then reality appears and they don’t like reality and suddenly act so diﬀerent.
He said that to bring the walls down and so you then send him the photo and
there we go. Now you see he’s bullshitting you.
He probably already discarded you and chatting to another woman with the same
dishonest approach.
He will talk less and less, and then say he’s so busy for a week, and less and less
you hear of him until he acts like a bitch and…disappears or you have to block his
ass because he’s a waste of time for you.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kelly Spears

What if you propose to a girl and she doesn't respond to you but
notices you at every moment and then blocks you but doesn’t
tell any reason? How can you read her mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see this guy who reads people’s minds..in XMEN...

It’s a movie, not real.
Move on.
She said no and no one can read anyone’s minds.
Respect her decision and move on.

1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Vivek Joshy

Is it always the fault of a girl if she is being harassed?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Don’t let anyone tell you it’s your fault, ever. It is not your fault if someone is
harassing you.
I don’t give a fuck if you are walking the streets naked and your breasts bouncing
up and down and you got the sweetest amazing ass.
Even if you wear the hottest sexiest clothes…
It is not your fault.
Cat calling as an example is not your fault. It is the fault of the idoits who are
doing it. It is their mentality, their psychology, their bullshit in their head.
It’s not your fault.
Avoid this internal dialogue chatter of shame that is social constructed to make
you feel like it is your fault if someone harassers you.
There is no excuses, none, whatsoever for anyone to harass you.
None.
Not eve if you were ﬂirting and you said “no, stop.”
None.
Even if you was in bed right now with a guy, and naked and his dick is out and
you said “no, stop,” he MUST STOP RIGHT THERE.
In every situation, no matter where, you are not at fault.
Please get this out of your head if you have a tiny drop that it is so. Let your mind
rest that in no circumstances, whether how you dress, what you smell like, how
you look or where you are…harassment is not your fault.
It is no one’s fault if they are harassed. Man or Woman.
That person at fault is the one who is crossing the line and they need to be told
they are and even prosecuted.
If you are being harassed, please report them. I don’t know your situation but
report them so it stops.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why would your girlfriend stay with you for a year, sexless, but
go away on weekends to have sex with an old friend but still
claim she loves you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she knows….she can…with you…

1. She knows she can with you.
2. She knows you put her pussy higher than your self respect
3. She knows she can treat you this and you’d still be with her
4. She knows she can treat you like a doormat, nothing more but emotional
support while someone else, she would ride his dick
Any guy of self respect would have told her to fuck oﬀ, got himself sorted,
approached other girls and sex with someone else but she knows…you are passive
aggressive type, nice guy type, the type they use as backup when if someone goes
wrong with lover type, come running to you with..
“OOoh bad boys used me, they just jerks..”
You’d come to save the day like some white knight to get into her pants.
And moment you try..
“OOoh I’m so tired. I’m not ready for sex..”
You do it to yourself. You put her pussy before your integrity. You let her put that
dangling carrot on you and you just followed…

For her to go on holiday to fuck some guy and still knows she can come back, and
you’ll be same old story. She even have the audacity to tell you she is and you still
call her…your girlfriend and fall for her pathetic..
“Ooooh I love you.”

She probably telling her friends how much of a naive fool you are and laughing
behind your back with the guy she fucking and getting pounded
You’re the type who supplicate to girls, so nice, so gentleman, so buying gifts
when you ﬁrst saw her, like Romeo, presents to make her smile for you and all to
get some pussy and she saw you from a mile oﬀ.
Where’s your standards?
Where’s your boundaries?
I bet you didn’t even talk to her and said “no, I am not having this.”
Why?
Because you feared losing a chance of getting into her pants.
She…knows…that!
Oh I know..
“If I love her enough she will open her legs for me.”
You must have watched too many Bollywood/Hollywood movies.
Love is never enough.
Self respect is.
Having boundaries is.
Being with someone compatible to you is.
Break up with her because she has sussed the type of guy you are. Passive
aggressive, nice guy, a doormat, and she can dangle sex and you’d still be there.
She probably thought after dating you and due to your behavior, she cannot be
that woman, who is sexual, who loves kinky sex, because you behave too
seriously, all relationship mode and if she acted that way, she might get shamed,
judged for being sexual like that.
It’s why I always behave as a lover.
Yes, I may push a lot of women away but always when I attract, the message is
clear, in that I am high sexual, lover type and she can behave all sexual, kinky and
in all ways with me far more than any fucking nice guy out there.
So the women I date, are incredible, sexual, kinky, exciting and as it grows, the
romance and love is electric. It lasts for years if we meet, date, have sex and
relationship. Years!
And they are no possessive, jealous or pretend they are not like some to then try
and ﬁx and change you.
That’s the key - you are vocal in behavior, words, actions on who you are and so it
makes it much easier to attract such women but the bad side is you…also….attract
the insecure, young women who look for status and who come to try to ﬁx and
change.
They see you as a challenge.
They crave for attention so bad.
So you got some work to do to screen them out.
Some are good at hiding behind a mask but you always ﬁnd out soon enough.
They betray themselves one way or another. Sometimes sooner or later.

So she probably doesn’t see that in you.
You’re “nice.”
You’re “serious.”
You’re ‘someone to use as backup for relationship when she has lost her youthful
looks, tits and ass sagging, had her fun and her sexual drive is not as it was. Now
she won’t be looking for sexual value but stability value, and that’s where you
come in and she knows she can dangle sex with you all year long because you
worship the ground her pussy ﬂoats on.

Avoid dating for one to two years and sort your shit out in your head and next
time, from day one ensure woman knows you’re not the type to fuck around with
by your behavior.
Always speak your mind, have boundaries and if it’s not balanced, then
communicate and if they violate the boundaries, break up and move on until you
ﬁnd someone who desires you the way you desire them.
19.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people use me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is in human nature to survive. In other words, people manipulate and they will
say they don’t but everyone does in their own way to get what they want.
Ever heard the worse advice?
“Be yourself”
No one is ever themselves. No one.
We adapt depending on who are with, the environment and so we won’t behave
the same in a night club, party, friends the same way we would in front of let’s say
the boss you work for.
You don’t for example go into an interview without learning how to pimp your CV
to inﬂuence the recruiters, even their own system to look at your CV and call you.
You don’t just dress but dress in the attire suited to inﬂuence an image of yourself
when you walk into the interview.
You don’t learn interview technique for the sake of techniques but to inﬂuence
the other person or panel to choose you for this job vacancy.
If people were “themselves,” they’d go and approach to ask someone out but they
are not because they are of what they feel in then environment, and worry about
other people’s opinions and so that fear of rejection is the fear of no getting
validated the way they want to be.
In 10 years time and more, what you believed in won’t be what you believed in.
Not everything but much of you believed in that came from your parents,
teachers and adults around you will be the thing of then past.
You’ll grow to realise hypocrisy, outdated advice and you’ll have grown to learn so
much of yourself to make your own rules this time, your own way and not all will
be discarded but much of it will.
You’d come to realise, everyone around you manipulate to some extent. Even
parents to get their children to do something and yet, they say don’t manipulate
to everyone else.

Yes, even those who portray themselves and good with people, saints, coaches
and authors and so on.
So people from day one learned to survive and they all come from
experiences, needs, wants but also some take it far in which they have no
empathy at all.
One of the steps I shared with one of my young lovers, who is 20 years old is for
her to know herself, to not do things or accept for need of validation, to ﬁt in, to
be accepted or approved but to ﬁnd that emotion stimulus from her work, from
her talent, and her work attracts the right people and to set boundaries.
I say this to all my lovers who face these same challenges.
They know I’ve already walked on that path and so, they are smart to ask me
questions to learn of the world they are meeting and what REALLY is out there
and how to prepare themselves for what’s coming.
I suppose that is one of the beneﬁts of dating and being in relationship with an
older man. We’ve been there many a times, gone full circles and some of us who
take self development seriously, and who take our time and talent seriously, know
what is going on internally.
It didn’t take a week to sort this out but years and in sharing to my lovers and
guiding them to the knowledge to learn more, it helps them to grow quicker,
understanding the process, comprehending it and applying it in their life.
I suggest…
To loook at your self, ask yourself why do you let people do so, what is it you
desire or seek emotionally.
I wouldn’t see it in a way to judge yourself.
Get two chairs in the living room.
You sit on one chair and there is another chair opposite you.
Imagine the other person is that which wants the attention, wants the validation,
wants the acceptance so bad, and talk to then other part of you. Be honest, no one
is around just you and..you.
Hammer it out even if you get angry. Fight with yourself to get your answer.
No one can teach really anyone new about themselves but rather, help them
be self aware of what they a already know.
You’d be surprised to ﬁnd out you already know the answer.
My lovers were so shocked on what they learned and also, some of my lovers
cried, and when they told me I comforted them with an understanding, that this
is the ﬁrst step of healing, of growing, of being..self aware.
It’s not easy to be open with..yourself.
It’s not easy to look deep inside yourself to see the trauma you may have
experienced in past or neglect, or someone said something negative about you,
your looks or something and it eﬀected you.
It hurts but in that pain, you ﬁnd you are born again but this time, with YOUR
story and not anyone else;s, not your parents, teachers, friends, society but your
story.
When you know yourself, your are self aware of yourself, not in a judgement way
but in a way to understand why you do things and with seeing the world not how
you want to see it but how it really is.

You also discover great love for yourself from you.
Healthy validation is ok but extreme can get people to use you, and many people
do not have good intentions and sometimes hell is paved with good intentions.
The extreme can attract the Narcissists who look for the ones who need that
validation, who have empathy, who love to give and give because they want to
feel the goodness but that goodness does not come from out there.
It must come from within you and when you learn this, then when anyone steps
over your boundaries, you don’t care what you lose, you will slam the brakes
down and let that person know right there and then.
You cannot control people but you can set boundaries.
You can say to yourself, this is the line no one steps over and this is what I will
give only to the one I love and who gives me value and respect.
So be self aware of your goodness.
Be self aware of your weakness and your strengths.
Then…
Set boundaries because it is human nature to survive and there are people who
have no empathy, who do not care only what they want and when they get what
they want, whether it is attention, resources and so on, they will leave you dry.
Avoid being hard on yourself for whatever has happened and instead let it be part
of your growth, learn from it and set boundaries.
Be brave in a calm manner to let anyone know of these boundaries if they
continue to violate them, shut them down.
Block them completely from your life because they have shown they like to
violate your boundaries.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

Does having sex too often make a guy get bored?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if he is but doing so to pleasure himself. Like wise for woman. Only if sex for
her is just pleasuring herself.
But if it is to pleasure each other, then no, you don’t get bored because you have
so much to explore and experience together.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

As a man, is it creepy to you if a stranger (presumably a woman)
comes up to you and says "I notice you're a handsome man, and
I want to get to know you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not creepy at all if it’s a woman.
If I am not attracted to her, I’d say I’m ﬂattered but not interested but I like her
conﬁdence.
If I am, still, I’ll need to ﬁnd a lot more.
I don’t go oﬀ dating every woman I meet and have sex with, or be in relationship
with. I like to know more ﬁrst but conﬁdence like that, will go a long way. I’ll be

very impressed with her attitude and want to know more on her perspective in
life for sure.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is a life lesson you learnt as a kid?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The point of doing, is not of accomplishments. It is to do them. There is no artists
but the art of doing..paint..draw…sketch…sing, dance…etc. There is no dancer but
the action.
There is no dating but the action.
There isn’t what it means but the action to ﬁnd the truth.
Truth is always in the action.
There is no experience but to…experience.
If you don’t grow through it, you will always go through it over and over
again.
Give up in answering the question which you did not take action on, again and
again, and again until you understand the process, comprehend it, break it apart,
put it together to make it your own.
Become one with the disease instead of running way from it. Be one with it, learn
it, unravel it, experience it, again and again until you unscrew it out of your life to
only have one thing - truth.
You’re truth.
Not the truth of society or what someone wrote, or what someone said, or what
women or man says can or cannot work but you’re truth - and - your truth cannot
be in the comfort zone of watching your disease, your fear, your insecurities and
your over thinking until you take action to forget there is a disease.
So do not run away from that which you fear but run to it.
Forget getting the answers ﬁrst but run to it.
No answer any man or woman can give help you overcome that which you fear to
do and do it again and again until it is no more.
You only ask the question because you anticipate the outcome and when that
outcome does not happen, you fall back to your comfort zone and start asking
more questions.
You need to avoid over-thinking about winning and losing, about victory or loss,
about yes or a no, but to approach to learn, to grow, to master in knowing your
disease, and know it so well you become part of it, one with it until you know it so
well that now you do what you feared like it is natural to you.
The secret is…
Let nature take it’s course.
Take action, run to that which you fear without anticipation of the outcome, this
need for victory or this fear of loss.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you guys actually like to be dominant in bed and
relationships or do you just do it because your signiﬁcant other

has asked you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy is diﬀerent.
I’m naturally dominant and so I’ll never be submissive and submissive doesn’t
mean weak. It actually is strength, and can also mean a submissive is loving it
and getting what she wants and really being dominant but in a submissive way.
But yes, I am dominant, so I command, I lead always. I don’t do it because
someone tells me to do it. I do it because it’s who I am and I am direct in
commanding what I want with my subs lovers.
So every guy is diﬀerent.
Not every guy wants to be dominant and some like being subs as it gives them
pleasure that their lover is dominant with them in sex.
For me, it is a turn oﬀ being with a woman who is dominant as a lover and if she
isn’t extremely submissive, but awkward, insecure about her body and sex then
it’s a turn oﬀ for me. It’s why I behave as a lover always and automatically will
push such women away and also I see their true nature in time to say move on.
It’s a philosophy that encompasses diﬀerent areas of my life. It’s not something I
can switch on and oﬀ. It’s who I am.
So ask what you want and ensure you attract that guy who desires same. If you
want to be a sub and he’s dominant, then make sure you attract dominant and
who knows how to, and who makes it safe as well, comfortable for you for you to
grow leaps and bounds.
If you want to be submissive then same, ﬁnd compatibility in he is a dominant
and like wise on what I have already mentioned.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend and I met online. We love each other a lot, but I've
sent him some other girl's pics because I look ugly and am
scared that he will not love me. Now he has got to know the
truth. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You might as well accept it’s over.
You lied to this guy and this guy is going to be seriously pissed oﬀ because he
emotionally invested time in the girl in that photo.
Second, just lying itself is fucked up because trust is a big factor and it’s hard
enough online to trust someone who says who they are, and here you are now
saying you’re not that person on that photo.
You need to say to this guy the honest truth who you are, show him your real
photo and be ready for blackclash or you don’t hear him again.
You don’t love this person. You don’t respect this person but thought only of your
own insecurities and fears.
If you respected a human being you’d never lied about this because you know
how it can hurt someone.
Time to let him know but don’t blame him when he drops you and moves on. I’d
move on even if you are pretty, I’d still move on because you lied.

Even if the guy is ok about it - it will play on his mind and it already poisoned
what was there. It will later be the cause of the breakup.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my friend with beneﬁts stop talking to me because I
expressed an interest in another woman? She sent me a text
ending it because she saw me ask a woman out.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she thought..
1. She can ﬁx you
2. She can change you
3. She has the power of her pussy to possess you
4. She wanted much more
5. Realised her pussy hasn’t the god power she thought it did
6. She got jealous, felt hurt.
7. And ends it with text message giving…you..the reason why,
So you know why.
Next time sort out the expectations….
Let girls know, under no circumstances does this mean you’re exclusive to them if
they want to be fuck buddies.
That both are free to date others too and have other friends with beneﬁts, and if
they don’t agree to this then you’re both not compatible. You see friends with
beneﬁts diﬀerent to them and they best walk away as it won’t work.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do so many people on Quora ask questions about
masturbation and sex that show there has been no proper sex
education in their lives?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You hit the nail on the head.
There has not been a sex education.
It’s bullshit what is being taught and instead there is a lot of shame about sex, still
see as taboo. Maybe they teach biology stuﬀ but sex education for real, no, they
don’t.
Quora is a brill place where people can ask these questions without being judged,
without someone they know like parents, teachers, like friends, and anyone else
and be able to get answers to help them.
I ﬁnd it an awesome way whether it is quora or somewhere else, that young to
older have the opportunity to ask as many questions on sex and get answers.
Yes, it can be tedious and some questions seem stupid but I believe there is no
stupid questions, because there are people who just don’t know even the basics,
and some are very young to older on this site asking questions. Some even in
their 30’s and 40s don’t know the basics of sex.
At least, it’s safe for them to ask.

It’s really diﬃcult for someone, no matter how young or old to ask these
questions to someone face to face. It can be scary but here, a person can ask and
get sign posted to more knowledge too.
Very useful for many who haven’t had a proper sex education.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Can someone have it all in life like a loving partner, wealth,
health, and happiness?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can but it’s not easy.
In the ideal world, we are all born with money, amazing contacts, social circles,
hot good looks, knowledge, mentorship, coaching, and strong mindset.
But we don’t live in an ideal world.
In this world, sometimes you attract wealth but not strong loving relationship
that caters for your needs and the person’s needs. Sometimes you have a strong
loving amazing relationship and you don’t have the other.
Sometimes you have both but then you ﬁnd you haven't got happiness because
maybe you got a lot inscurit8ies, past traumas and you haven’t the knowledge
you need to help you.
Sometimes you have all these but then life brings challenges to ﬁnd they are all
gone to start all again.
So it’s not even getting all, but knowing how to maintain.
In an ideal world, you can have everything.
People love you for you but as you’ll soon see, when people say “be yourself” they
are the last people on earth who will accept you being you.
“Being yourself,” is a fallacy in itself and worst advice ever given to anyone,
because you don’t behave same as in a night club as you would within some
religious place, nor behave as you would in a party and same in front of directors.
You are in a sense never yourself but adapting to the social dynamics of the
environment you are in.
The world we live in, you sometimes get one thing and another slips away and so
all through your life you are trying to get and “have.”
Then you get to a certain age to realise, none of all this matters and all you ever
believed in 10 years or ago is what you don’t believe in anymore.
So again, you’re never yourself but always evolving.
Change is always happening.
World is always spinning round.
People always growing.
And some ﬁght to maintain and some strive to get what they haven’t got and
some, let go of doing any of it both.
You may later ﬁnd that what maters really is the legacy you have leeve behind
and even that is not really much for you when you are gone from this world but
for people in this world still living.
I have come to a realization, that it is best to be grateful to be alive.

To be grateful in having the opportunity to learn, seeking knowledge, to battle
with yourself, learn and grow.
To have fun challenging the status quo and know, they got a lot to lose than you
have, because you know the reality of it all.
You can have a lot of fun when you detach from a lot of what people so hold on to
with their dear life. You don’t have to play by their rules anymore but your own
and that’s the fun part too.
Because…when you do…a lot of people will try to tell you are wrong, try to
inﬂuence you that their way is the right way, that you are this and that. You have
fun smelling the fear coming from them.
If they so conﬁdent in who they are and belief, they would have nno need to
debate and work so hard to convince, and even ratonalise, to debate is to gain and
to not give it that chance to do so, is to lose.
I don’t see Warren buﬀet sitting around debating, do we?
I don’t see him busy on social media and on comment box, do you?
I don’t see him buying mansions either and banging it on facebook either.
So live in the moment and avoid the noise as much as possible.
The rest, well, it is bonus.
Be a person of value than a person of success, and you won’t need to debate,
convince, keep and maintain.
Just live in the moment.
Be wild. Be brave. Be bold.
Be outspoken about your values and ideas.
Rage through his world and fuck to what anyone thinks on what you want to
create and what you know, and what you don’t know, and why you do this and
why don’t you do that.
None of it matters.
You die. They die too.
We are equal in that but anything else regarding equality is all bullshit. It’s just
politics and it will rage on for centuries to come.
But death we are equal and we’ll all look fucking ugly when we are buried and
eaten by worms. Nothing but bones.
Have fun knowing that!
You got one life. One. You’re going to worry about ‘have’ when you can have fun
living life to it’s fullest.
Maybe that’s what will get all you want but…
All your “have” and all your “have not,” will slip through your ﬁngers anyway, the
moment you take your last dying breath.
Know what you want, built for it but don’t lose the moment due to regret of the
past and the fear of the future.
Happiness is in the moment. That’s why the present is a gift.
Just enjoy live in the moment as much as you can.

3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mohammad Hout

Why would a guy refuse a cake oﬀer from a girl? She messaged
him to oﬀer him some birthday cake but he rejected. Is that a
weird/narrow minded guy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes he would. I like cake but…
1. I am questioning her intentions
2. That means I now got to be nice to her. I’m not a nice guy, so cannot be
assed. I am not interested in the connection over a cake.
3. I’m not attracted to her
4. I’m not looking for a sister/mother.
5. I’m not interested in getting close to know her.
6. Cultural, giving me food means something, so unconsciously I will say
no. No wifey style giving please. It’s too much ;)
7. If it was that important for her, she just does it, when she sees me, and
hands me the cake, without making it a big deal
8. Now if I ﬁnd she made it a big deal, I will be glad I said no to the cake. So
ensure she doesn’t make it a big damn deal.
Drama over a cake!
What’s next.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend broke this guy's heart to be with me. How do I
make her feel better?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Now don’t fall for that one for pete sake.
She DID NOT leave him for you and did you any favours.
Dating a guy isn’t a favour, it’s a choice she made for her own desires.
She left that guy because she wanted for herself, her desires, her needs, her wants
and not because she was doing you a favour.
People don’t do things like they are saints, for people.
They do it because of survival, because they want something from someone and
they don’t feel it with someone else.
I won’t be surprised if he really the one dumped her and she’s making some
stories up about it all. Or he wasn’t going to give her what she wanted or she was
infatuated by him and then when honeymoon was over, she started acting all up
with no sex and she’ll do that soon enough to you too.
Don’t fall for that pity party story.
If you don’t shake up and wake up, she’ll look for someone else who is a man, and
who will tell her straight..
“Hey, you didn’t leave him or anyone for me. You came to me because you’re
attracted to me. Let’s get that story straight. You didn’t do me any favors but you
did it for yourself.”

Or she will one day say to you..
“OOoh look what I did for you. Left a guy for you. Did this for. Sacriﬁced that for
you..”
So wake up Romeo.
Get yourself out of your head.
Stop falling for these pathetic games girl plays on you.
If she’s not happy, open the damn door and tell her to go fucking back where she
came from or buck up.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a guy understand that there's so much more to a
relationship than just sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t make anyone understand anything.
You stay out of his business if he’s not your boyfriend and leave him to it because
anyone who tries to do that has an agenda. You’re not telling him something he
doesn’t know but you are trying to bullshit him with your own reality and
perception to ﬁx and change someone.
Leave him and alone and move on.
And if you’re attracted to him, better you ﬁnd someone else who is already not
into sex much, asexual and stay put there.
If he’s your boyfriend then if you needed to ﬁnd someone who is compatible to
you rather trying to ﬁx and change someone. It always end bad when you try to
do that kind of games on someone.
Look for compatibility in friends, in boyfriends, in job, in anything but do leave
this guy alone or he’s going to come back at you and tell you to mind your own
business.
No one likes anyone telling them what is what if they didn’t ask for it.
You can take your shame regarding sex somewhere else and ﬁnd your own little
corner and leave him alone.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys feel when they catch a girl checking out their
booty? Is it creepy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“OMG! She’s objectifying me! How can this be! OOoh we got to march!”
No, it’s not a big and second, how do we know she’s checking guy’s ass. You act so
covert, a guy doesn’t know if you’re into a guy or nervous.
Not like we’re going to turn our heads round like a robot can while still walking
forward.
What’s creepy is you look at a guy, you’re interested and do nothing.
Now that is creepy. Staring…staring and doing nothing about it.
Makes a woman look like a fucking idiot because she just stares, frozen like some
zombie or a woman trying to read a guy’s mind.

1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you/your signiﬁcant other let each other know you
want to have sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every relationship is diﬀerent and the women who are my lovers know what they
want in a man and know this is exactly how they want it. After all they always
said in beginning..
“I am looking for a dominant man, who isn’t passive, dominate me, take me, like a
beast and fuck my brains out whenever…he…wants.”
So there you have it.
Compatibility is the king and yes you can attract women who desire exactly what
you want but you’re going to need to be real good to screen out a lot of
manipulators, liars, gamers, two faced women, ﬁxers too.
And yes ladies, there are men like that too.
Now that’s equality I know exist for real!
So when alone, I pin my lover to wall, hand choke around her neck and I say..
“Bitch, your my slut, my whore, now fucking open your legs wide slut.”
And there we go.
Other time, I’d walk right up, with my collar and chain read, and while she’s
watching TV, put the collar on, and..
“Down on your knees NOW!”
And down she goes.
See, very simple.
When I come from work and I want to fuck my lovers brain out, I walk in, kiss my
lover, say how she been doing and then I’ll pick her up as she’s laughing, and
throw her on bed,
Then use my rope techniques and tie her hands to wide. Her legs wide, and put a
mouth gag on her because we’re going to go one hour of foreplay and a lot of sex
but ﬁrst…I make sure she orgasms, makes the bed sheet dripping wet, and she is
sweating and begging for my cock.
Making sure she is pleasured ﬁrst.
Strap a massive wand vibrator,on her leg close to her pussy and ﬁrst eat her out to
get the ﬂow going and then..turn the Wand vibrator on, and as her body goes into
spasms and she’s getting, I’m reading a book, relaxed, having drink, right there,
next to her.
You know, got to ease in after a hard days work.
I’ll add some food on her body, maybe some cream, so I can lick it oﬀ her breasts
and body, and enjoy her eye being wide open as her legs quiver, her body arches
and seeing those eyes begging for my cock.
Maybe I’ll bring out my electric shock toy to make my lovers body feel more of
intense charge bolts shooting through their body.
Maybe add some breasts pegs made of steel and add it to her collar, so whenever
she moves, she tugs her nipples at the same time.

I love giving pain and they love it, knowing that no woman steps into my realm
thinking she is going to dominant shit.
That world she left way back outside that door. This world is my rules with some
consideration of boundaries we discussed way back when we ﬁrst got to know
each other.
They can let go of control completely and have fun living and experiencing her
fantasies they shared with me.
Outside..
I have a remote vibrator, and she has a pussy vibrator between her legs, right
inside her pussy, and as we walk, or if we’re in a restaurant, I press the button and
she is so trying to control all the emotions she feels, he legs twisting, her tongue
rolling, her arms around mine, hearing her moan in my ears as we walk.
I also ensured a massive steel jewel ass plug is inside my lovers ass.
By the time we get home, she be dripping wet and her face is down and her ass is
up.
That’s how it is with all my lovers.
Other time, I’d just command one of my lovers to bend over in bedroom she gets a
spanking with my cane, or a whip, or belt, for being a bad girl.
They get spanked into their ass is red and it ends..
“Thank you for the punishment SIR!”
Or I’d tie her up, standing, arms either up above her head and whipping begins
until she counts 10 or sometimes 20 whips, and again..
“Thank you for the punishment SIR!”
That’s right. No lip at all and obedience is what I expect.
The key is…compatibility and also knowing how to create the mood even..when
you’re not there face to face. So turned on when you turn up.
There we go.
But hey, this is how I roll and this is how my lovers roll. How you roll and anyone
else is going to be probably diﬀerent.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when someone says "I don't like you in that
way"?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are not sexually and romantically attracted to you. You’re just some pal, a
friend, nothing else but that.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why didn’t my ex respond when I said we will never be together
again?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He knows you just want to score points and get a reaction. You just want to
provoke a response from him and he’s not going to waste his time on it.
If you wanted to keep the door open, those words should never been said.

2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do I tell my ex's new boyfriend she cheated on him with me?
This was a rehab romance, and she broke oﬀ our engagement
due to it. I still love her, and she told me they were done, and I
can't live with the untruthfulness.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I can’t live with the untruthfulness..”
After you did the deed and now you can’t eat your cake either, so you like to make
sure someone else doesn’t too.
Pathetic.
Leave it alone and move on.
Too late for the “truthfulness” bullshit talk.
A lot of evil in this world is paved with…good intentions.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think that you could beat your grandfather in a 50 yard
sprint if he was your age?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
I started running at a young age, in school, college and then kept running. You
can say I am very ﬁt but I don’t do much running now, rather it is more weight
lifting, Thai boxing and mix martial arts which I am transitioning more into.
Most of my relatives weren’t sporty type but I did at a very young age and I still
do.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if two people are incompatible?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - Like to get married ﬁrst before sex, and I don’t want to marry until ﬁve
years.
Me - It’s good to know what you want but we’re not compatible.

Woman - I’m not into dominate men, I like them to be submissive, very.
Me - We’re not compatible. I’m very dominate.

Woman - Like bling, into spending tons of money and like a man who be able to
provide in that way too
Me - I’m not your bank. We’re not compatible.

Through open communication, from sex to all, you’ll ﬁnd out exactly if you’re not
compatible.

Be aware, some will lie, because you have status, or looks but their pattern will
reveal themselves soon enough.
Especially if you meet people online.
That goes for men and women.
I have had plenty of women lie, many online who are nothing but a waste of time
and space so I have to be more direct online.
They later reveal in a matter of a back an forth conversation in same week. You
see them lying and lying is big for me.
Lie and and lie about something that’s very important to me, we’re done, no
second chances. There is no excuses when you have ample information already to
say..
“Oh I didn’t know. I just thought..”
No, that person knows, the informtion is there online, they are liars, manipulator
and was trying to ﬁx and change things later.
So open communication is the way to go.
It’s much faster oﬄine.
Be fearless on that part.
Lay it all on line, cards on table so they got no excuses and need to say right there
and then, and that way you don’t emotionally invest on them, and know way
before that.
52.3k Views · View Upvoters

I believe in God, who will challenge me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever been in a class and there’s this one student who is asleep and he
sleeps through the whole lesson, wakes up and thinks it’s just begun?
Well, that’s like you right now.
Far too late
No one really cares.
It’s been done to death so many times, no one really cares except if someone
hasn’t got much of a life, bored and wants to debate to kill time.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

If you have blocked a person on Facebook, can you receive a
wave from them?
Adam Taha, I use social media
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When blocked, it’s blocked completely, except if they ﬁnd some way which some
do.
I also make sure to check as well, as people create other accounts and so I ﬁnd
those accounts and block them. I see also some here on quora create new
accounts after they deactivated it, and I block them on their new accounts.
I have a very solid process in ensuring to keep people who are toxic out, and to
make sure they stay out.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl checks your social media proﬁle
frequently?
Adam Taha, I mentor and develop strategies, marketing plan and website for
talents
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl hiding behind a screen
Like a covert spy doing her own thing
Hiding in the shadows or just watching
She probably believes she got nothing to bring
Good girls is who you ain’t got no time for
Nice girl hiding in a bookstore
Got no time for princess who believes in folklore
No time for the girl who believes man is in a sky
Telling her how to live her life and when to cry
Guilty and ashamed about her sexuality
And yet plays with sex toys at home like anybody
Hiding always like two women in one body
Still hearing “she’s not that girl,”
Still believes in the unicorn like a school girl
He’ll roll the red carpet out and make her twirl
Like a princes in books to tell the whole wide world
Always dancing to someone else’s tune
November…she will only say hi when it’s June
She wants to feel special, waiting for the full moon
Believe in all that shit like is a baby still fed by society’s spoon
She ain’t no butterﬂy but a caterpillar in her cocoon
Secretly watching tumbler sex porn to play with herself
Playing herself and knows she can never be her..self
Or in a relationship so fucked up and nowhere to go
Always fantasizing but worrying and just don’t know
Still thinking of her ex and don’t know where to ﬂow
Too scared of being labelled as too easy or a hoe
Or in school, pretending she got it going
Playing on Facebook and selﬁes but nothing
Cries to sleep because where has her fun gone
Still dreaming for the unicorn she calls ‘the one
Probably arranged married and got sad stories
Sexually frustrated and always fantasizing in her thirties
Maybe still alone in her forties
Maybe playing the role of a good girl for daddy
Worried what mummy will ﬁnd and how wrong it’s to be sexy
“No, you’re not like that girl,” and so she’s a slave already
Slave to everyone’s fears and hers, tangled up inside like spaghetti
Life gone by with a thousand empty pages
She wish she lived all she desired and claimed her wishes
But culturally programed and still living in dark ages
She goes on hating on the bad boy who is going places
Nah, such girl can’t touch him, he’s too high
Moment she got him, she screws up to see him ﬂy bye bye
He got no time for her shy act or how she can cry
Got no time for her bitching about her ex or lost aﬀair

No time on how her man doesn’t give a shit and life is so unfair
Princes living on movies and imaginary cupids in the air
She can dangle sex like a carrot to her cuddly teddy bear
Maybe ride him like a pillow with nothing to wear
Cause every woman got a sad story or of a love unfair
Nothing unique about a girl behind a screen going nowhere
Nothing special about a girl who got her heart broken
Or how she was used by some ex who was outspoken
Or how she isn’t sexually inexperienced but her love is like the ocean
Who wants to swim in a cold icy sea where he can’t feel the emotion
Nothing special behind a girl behind a screen
She got nowhere to go
Nowhere to go
Nowhere to go
She’s just a girl behind a screen
That’s all she is
And anything she does
Means nothing at all
Nothing at all
Nothing at all
And if you want something
Just go outside and approach a girl
Do enough of that to get things rolling
Go out and meet the world
You haven’t time for girl’s behind a screen
Who got nothing to say, nothing to say
Nothing to say
Nothing at all
Nothing at all
Nothing at all

In other words it doesn’t matter.
No girl is worth any time or attention, if she don’t step up say hi and invests time
knowing you, and is clear of her attraction to you.
See it as…nothing.
If you want to something, go for it. You might get what you want the ﬁrst time,
second, third, fourth, ﬁfth, etc, but it beats being someone who never takes risks,
wonderig about some girl is looking at your proﬁle.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys add me on Facebook (that I don't know) that are
mutual friends? Then when I add them back they don't talk to
me, why do they send me a friend request in the ﬁrst place?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s easy for someone to request and easy for you to just click a button and if you
did, you could have sent a message saying hi with added more message to give it
personality and they could have done same when added.
But they won’t because they know as I do, a a guy…

You are already going to be judging the guy,
“Oooh does he want sex?”
“Is he going to send me dick pics?”
“Does he like me for my personalty or my angle shot breasts I uploaded?”
If you want to go further, just say hi to the guy and ﬁnd something they posted in
facebook and get talking. Use something to build rapport but also if you want to
date and meet, don’t message back and forth for months on end if these guys are
local.
If it’s long distance, that’s diﬀerent but if you’re local then most young guys like
most young girls, don’t have patience, and want it now. So build rapport and lead
to meeting if you want to date.
Just stay away from trash talk i.e. talk about ex, crushes and all that. Also any talk
or behaviour that shows you’re judging the guy.
Focus on guy you like not on some invisible guy that don’t exist or does but none
of these guys give a shit about that kind of talk.
2k Views · View Upvoters

A guy hugs me every time he sees me? Does he like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you mean like?
1. Like as a friend?
2. Like as….he is attracted to you sexually and romantically?
I hug women all time, we meet, kiss on cheek, hug, not a big deal but because I
met them many a times.
So to ﬁnd out, you ﬂirt, you got to talk, you got to suggest him for some sexy
adventure, turn on the heat, let him know.
Oh wait, do you behave like a princess and nice girl who thinks it all has to
be special? That it happens by being all platonic and safe?
Meh, then you’ll do nothing about it and make it so diﬃcult for the guy to even
know you’re attracted to him.
You need to put it in context and you can’t without the action it needs instead of
hints, signals or waiting for someone to make move.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

How would you start this conversation? A friend passed on the
number of a woman I’ve never met. She knows almost nothing
about me. How should I approach this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Text her because if you call, she won’t recognise your number and might
not pick up.
2. Mention her name in the begining.
3. Let her know you had fun with a friend of hers (name her friend) and her
friend mentioned her name, and passed you her number, and you’re
eager to see face behind infamous friend behind the number.
4. To talk to her friend about it and if she like to meEt with her friend ﬁrst,
that’s ﬁne too, as she doesn’t know you yet.

5. End message with your name.
Avoid making apologies.
Be conﬁdent and do it now.
So she can call her friend and the story is fresh in her friend’s mind.
If her friend says good and backs you up - she’ll probably be inﬂuenced by her
friend and go for it.
If she’s the shy, awkward type, she might not and be a ﬂaky type.
You’ll never know if you don’t try.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get a guy who hates me to like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes, there are things you cannot change. When someone hates you, has a
bitter taste about you, whether you did something, hurt them, or behaved in a
way that goes against all they believe in, it can take a long time.
And personally, most people haven’t that kind of patience.
The amount of questions I see here on how to get an ex back and on and on, about
how to get a guy interested - is from people who know what to do but unwilling to
do it because it means they got to be vulnerable. It means they too have to face
some pain if rejection happens again and again, and again.
And if they had life easy, or they are the type of shy, awkward, who hide in the
shadows, and do shit and stay in the comfort zone…rarely…if ever…they will show
vulnerability to that level anyway.
Also if the guy has already experienced you, and found what he thought of you
was not really true, and seen the girl is selﬁsh, or ungrateful, or takes guys for
granted, or is an attentions seeker and just can see now clearly…it might never
happen because he doesn’t want to experience those negative emotions ever
again especially from her.
He may not even hate her, but like her, or he has fallen deep shit in love with her
but he’s taking the least resistance because he probably knows that he’s going to
get his time wasted again, or he’s going to get hurt or sexually shes not
compatible, proved it by her lack of ability to consistently be fun, ﬂirt, took things
too serious…or there is something he feels its only going to lead to more
disappointments in his life to take that risk.
People come with memories, experiences and so these also create a story in their
mind in which if the girl said something or behaved in a way it acts like a link to
these memories and his mind puts you in the same category as those girls who
disappointment him - so he decides it’s probably best to be enemies or strangers
to kill his emotions he has for you.
The trust he had with her is gone and trust when broken is very diﬃcult to build.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Who do Arabs consider to be more beautiful, Gigi Hadid or Mia
Khalifa?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Arabs?

We’re all diﬀerent.
I’m Arab and I don’t really get turned on/attracted to Gigi or Mia
I do with…

I do get attracted with seeing..

And no, I don’t know their names.
I am not attracted to Arab women, that’s the way I am, I suppose. I am very
attracted to white blonde women, redheads and dark black hair.
So as you can see, Arabs are not the same.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if you're in love with a really hot guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Time.
That’s how you will know.
Seeing how you open up to the person, showing vulnerability and they do so with
you, which takes some time.
If you don’t try to ﬁx and change him and accept him for who he is right now,
then you’re close enough.
When infatuation is gone, honeymoon is over and it will be, which takes time,
then you’ll see and…so will he.
Because when infatuation is gone, moment a guy sees you suddenly change,
acting lazy, he will know something is up and he will decide if that is what he
wants in the future because now…he sees who you really are.
When those hormones die oﬀ, when your idealization is gone, then like myself, I
will know if she is an immature woman who still behaves like a girl in school all
attentions seeking, infatuating over some guy to then get bored later on when she
got what she wanted i.e. emotions, stimulus, or kill time to get over her boring
period of life…to then act all diﬀerent, silent treatment, aloof - or………she is
mature and consistent and really loves the man.
Time,
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

My ex girlfriend of 12 years ended our relationship and, after 3
months, completely blanks me. Should I just try to move on as
she seems to have done so easily?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You missed some red ﬂags.
And yet, here you are, with more red ﬂags and you’re still asking if you should try
to move on.
Who said you got a choice anyway?
What are you going to do, stay put, twiddling your thumb for her to run into your
arms?
You had 12 years together.
That’s a lot of years of someone’s life being with one person.
Some don’t even have a weeks together.
Some don’t even make it to meet up once in a life time.
You had 12 years. She had 12 years.
You move on or you don’t.
Not like you got some choices of one and another.
There is no such thing as moving on.
There is only…moving forward.
Moving on is an illusion for the ego.
There is only moving forward which is for someone who wants to grow and who
put their happiness ﬁrst and before some sweet ass.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the highest form of intelligence?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Energy.
Put a woman in a room full of average looking women, you’ll feel energy.
Put a not so average looking woman in a room of women, you feel a diﬀerent kind
of energy.
Dim the lights you feel a diﬀerent mood.
Brighten the lights you feel a diﬀerent mood.
Have a crowd of people dancing to music, you feel energy.
Have no one dancing, you feel another type of energy.
Put a police oﬃcer in front of someone and they feel a diﬀerent kind of energy.
Put them in a court and before the judge, and again the energy is heightened.
Have a hot woman and a crowd of men in the room, and you’ll feel the energy.
Have no woman in room with these men and you feel a diﬀerent kind of energy.

He who can control his emotions when frequency of energies changes, has the
highest form of intelligence.
After all…
How do you think rulers of this world make people follow social norms, traditions
and customs, to also rules?
They create energy = fear.
That is how we all lost our freedom and still believe we have it.
99.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can you really love a girl knowing she is not a virgin?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
Even if she fucked 20 guys before meeting me, gave head to her teacher, is into
bondage, was a sex worker for a year or two and said she loved it, danced in some
strip club for money.
But if it’s a girl who thinks sex is some shame, and believes virginity is the holy
grail, and believes you dangle it like a carrot, expects me to chase, and how sex
needs to have some special moment special time, special..…special because she
wants to feel special…
Then hell no.
She can fuck oﬀ back to her cultural programming, religions, or feminist, that
ism, this ism, whatever ism, perception, and reality she believes in.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

A friend of mine confessed his love to my girlfriend and my
girlfriend fell in love with him. Now she has dumped me and
chosen to be with him. Do I still have a chance to win her back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What makes you think I’ll give a damn to advise on getting her back. Looks like
you don’t know who you’re requesting an answer from or you’d have read some of
my answers and realised, I’m about growth.
The woman dumped you to be with some guy. All he had to do is say a few words
and she went for him.
For you to still ask…
“Do I have a chance?”
For all you know she was already riding his dick and infatuated by him way back.
Find your self respect and stop being a doormat and choose your friends wisely.
He’s no friend but a schmuck.
And learn to stop putting your happiness aside for piece of ass.
You need to stay away from dating any woman for 2 year or more, and focus on
self growth. You are not ready to be in any relationship or women will walk all
over you and piss on you and you’ll take them back.
If a woman can do that and you still want her back, you’re not ready to be in a
relationship. Nowhere close.

Have some standards and realise love is never enough.
Start investing in your self growth.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Andres Pilquil Varas

Is it right for my boyfriend to break up with me because I don't
want to have sex as often as he does?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. He can break up with you for any reason.
Having sex often is important to him and that means you are both not
compatible. If you don’t want sex often as he does, then ﬁnd someone who also
don’t want sex often.
Love is not enough,
As for any who thinks he’s selﬁsh - we are all selﬁsh.
He can break up for any reason.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

My ﬁancée and I broke up a week ago after I hurt her feelings by
telling her harsh words (which I regret). Now she's already
dating a new guy, and I know that guy is deﬁnitely not the right
guy for her. Should I advise her against it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to..
1. Mind your on own business
2. You’re rationalizing your jealousy and insecurities and pretend you’re
some nice guy. The white knight, who only does to impress some
woman, for validation or to get into her pants
3. If you wanted to protect her, you would have protected her from you and
your harsh words. Too late for that.
4. She will also see it you’re jealous, haven’t moved on and getting involved
in her business.
5. She moved on fast and not for anything but she can. Some are stronger
than most, some have more resources than others, some are not going to
wait around thinking about an ex and some handle their pain in a
diﬀerent way than others. Some can hide their emotions far more than
others.
Love is not enough and you have proven that to her with your cut throat words to
her and she’s proven that by moving on with a blink of an eye to someone else.
So leave her alone and stop being a white knight.
She’s old enough to make her own decisions on who to select to date and have sex
with.
She doesn’t want anyone fucking about with her choices, especially an ex. Nor
does she wants some babysitter or counseling sessions.
Your days of having your say is done.
It will only be mixed with her assuming you are jealous, insecure and you got
your own agenda - to tuining it for her because you want her back. She’s not going
to think anything else but that.

Focus on yourself. Move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make my ex jealous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I make my ex jealous (I’m a guy)?

Come on now. Don’t do those games. You don’t want to make the other person
jealous, you want them to increase the ﬁre of chemistry naturally. You don’t want
someone to feel that poison even an ex.
Do the following for yourself…
1. Hit the gym
2. Dress up style, more grooming
3. Looking your best
4. Find somethinh in your life you’re passionate about and go for it.
5. Then go and approach someone else and leave your ex alone.
Avoid doing these games, as it’s wasted energy when you can focus on your life.
You can do a lot for yourself using that energy and if feelings does happen from
your ex, it is natural, not manipulation.
These kind of things don’t make you grow but stunt your growth.
So avoid doing those games, you’re going to hurt someone you cared for.
Just focus on yourself. Build, create your life into a life you want and be fun, be
exciting and do it for you.
And hey, your ex might see a side of you they never did because you did the right
thing, focused on you and become naturally attracted to you.
Just don’t bank on it and just do to better your life.
986 Views · View Upvoters

Can a man love one woman and still be turned on by another?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you study how we work in our minds, you’d realise much of what is being said
regarding men and women is just political correctness gone mad.
It’s as if woman are any diﬀerent, so pure, so angel like, so innocent, so diﬀerent
to the wild beast of man.
They are not.
They too can love a man and still be turned on by another man.
They too can be on a holiday away from their man they so in love with and ride
someone else’d dick.
The only thing many women battle with is their own psychology, the shame, this
desire to feel special, and falling for years and decades of societal conditioning on
what love is of not being “that girls.”
Most cannot even distinguish the diﬀerent between love and sex, and think
because a man can have sex with another woman it means some energy of love
has been taken from existing love for her.
It’s all about “feeling special.”

“I would fuck a six pack guy right now but…I want it in a way so I FEEL SPECIAL.”
Yes, that one was on one of the comments of an answer on Quora by a woman.
Most women don’t realise they already special and don’t need a man to make
them feel that but no, they so conditioned, brainwashed to want to have dating
and sex so magical, so princess like, so mystical to feel special.
Thinking love and also sex is something you give to someone rather to experience
it for themselves, which is why these two is treated like some carrot to dangle.
Thinking always man cannot love more than one woman and if he does, it
means she is…not…special.
And that because thinks she is special - the man will never leave her after sex or
after a few years and if he does, he must be a player, bad boy who didn’t lover her
because who would leave such a “good woman like that.”
Any guy would if she thinks love is enough.
Desire can change direction if it doesn’t get what wants and the more conﬁdent
the person is, more resources the person has and the more this person knows
they can get what they want elsewhere - and - knows about what I am
saying….will move on to ﬁnd what they want elsewhere.
The basics function of what a woman has regarding her mind and body doesn’t
stop, such as survival and desire doesn’t stop…
For example, does your body stop functioning and hormones too
because you love a man or woman?
Does the process of what gets the brain of a man and a woman’s
attention, stops?
Does desire stops?
Do you stop buying when you bought things already?
Do your emotions stop?
Of course not.
How come?
Because you want to keep feeling…that..feeling.
“I was in love wth him but now I am not, that feeling is gone but I feel something
for a nother guy I met at my friend’s party.”
What she is saying is that she wants that NEW relationship feeling again. The
infatuation again. To feel those emotions again because she doesn’t know how to
dp it on her own and nor the guy wth her.
So people more from one after another thinking it’s all about “the one.”
Still looking, seeking but there is no “the one.”
Desire does not stop. It just changes direction. You need it to drive you to do other
things in life such as goals, ambitions, work, passion etc.
It can expand, it can amplify, it can spread, it can do what happens to man and
only reason most women do not want to say it is so, is because of this word shame. They feel ‘shame’ to say it out loud that they do or they rationalise it to
themselves.
Woman can even have sex with man after man and not even love the man. You
have sex workers whose job is to pleasure man or woman. Get paid for it. Many
made it into a career for themselves.

Woman can date one guy and if she doesn’t get what she wanted, can fall out of
love and date someone else, or marry one guy and then move on to marry
another, i.e. marrying up in status.
But let’s even forget the sex part and even love.
How about infatuation?
Does that stop?
No, it doesn’t.
Same chemicals, same hormones in the body is still there.
Women can feel infatuated for another man while in a relationship with someone
else.
Woman can also love one man, and still look at other men with desire,her
hormone kicking oﬀ as far too many evidence as we can see on quora right now in
which a woman says..
“Oh I am with this amazing boyfriend, so nice, gentleman, makes me feel
wonderful, has always been there for me BUT…I met this guy at work. I’ve fallen
in love with him! What should I do?”
So really, women need to get oﬀ their pedestals thinking they are so diﬀerent.
Women also cheat, have aﬀairs and many are Narcissists and create havoc in
people lives.
Women are no diﬀerent in men in this.
You cal in love and you can quickly fall in love with someone else, walk away from
the other person like nothing has happened.
Like they are strangers to you.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

How often do girls think guys are hot and not say anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not a gender issue.
Many girls grow up feeling shame about their sexuality, desires and even wanting
to approach a guy. Fearing being judged and isolated due to labels like slut,
whore, too easy. Many relationships fuck up as well because it leads to lack of
showing vulnerability where then the guy sees girl judging him.
Girls, women often see a hot guy but won’t say anything and when and if a guy
does approach the same shame replays with..
“Oh does he want me for sex.”
“Does he want me for my body.”
Has nothing to do with the guy but their own shame regarding their own
sexuality, about sex, and how sex is dirty, and how she can’t be “that girl,” and so
they ﬁnd themselves in that place for years and even adulthood.
Same for many guys who see hot woman and don’t do anything. They do grow up
with the same about sex, and this ongoing fucking bullshit from women, and
society pounding men about it day in and out. The labels are same but diﬀerent
names i.e. - player, manwhore, fuckboy and bad boy.
Lots of double standards.
It’s not a gender thing.

Men and women see people they are attracted to and many do nothing about it.
All the time. Lots of times this is happening.
Shame is like a plague running rampant in society and everyone who uses it
thinks they are smart but for someone who knows psychology, studied it for
years, knows what their psychological script is.
Take a look on Quora.
You don’t need to ask this question if you’re smart to ﬁrst use the search button
and see for yourself.
What do you see?
Plenty of girls and guys are attracted to someone and either they don’t approach
or they start wearing a mask and do weird behaviors.
They know the answer. Yws they do but they want to ﬁnd a way where their ego
doesn’t get hurt if rejection happens. They want it perfect, special, like a fairy
tale, where it all works out and if it does, they feel so special.
It’s the root cause = shame.
You’d see many girls and guys fearing rejection, doing all the hint and signals
stuﬀ and going through a punishing grueling experience but they chose to do that
instead of just get on with it and approach the person and ask them out.
If they get rejected it hits them very hard because they invested lots of time
thinking of then person, painting images in their head, stories in their mind and
the idea of that person.
Why would anyone do that?
Because of shame.
It’s not just shame about sex either. Lots of other factors like their insecurities
about their own looks, body, abilities due to lots of conditioning they got from
when they was a child and right through to adulthood which creates low self
esteem, low conﬁdence, lots of insecurities but deep down it all comes down to
the shame.
The fear of rejection is just a symptom of something deeper.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does a guy think when he asked if I like him and I said
“kinda”? When he asked me to explain kinda, I said “Yes, but it
takes time to get to know you.” What would he think?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. That she’s playing games
2. Manipulator
3. One big future headache
4. Type to dangle sex like a fucking carrot and enjoy doing so
5. She can’t make decisions and not honest and open about it
6. Avoid her like the plague of death
Massive red ﬂag that tells my instinct to…
“Get the fuck out of here, run as fast and far from her. Never date this one, ever.
She’s just going to bring so much shit and drama. RUN!”

But if he’s desperate, nice guy, dumb fucker, he’d do the opposite and start
pursuing her.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if you're talented in things you don't care about
at all, and untalented in things you like?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You change your attitude from the brainwashed idea of what talent is to what it
really is, and stop making excuses with over thinking.
If I want to get good at something, fuck the talent most promote and focus on the
talent that any person can do, which they can if they got the attitude for it it.
1. Talent is about focus
2. Learning to get good at something which takes time
3. Focusing in that moment with passion to learn the basics
4. To then focus in getting to intermediate
5. Then to advance
6. Throughout you measure in getting results ad if you dot; get results, ﬁnd
out why.
7. If you do ﬁnd out from someone, the don’t abuse their time with if, but,
what if, and all the rest which gets me slamming door shut in helping
them anymore. Mentors are not someone’s babysitter or mum, or dad, or
therapist.
There are those born with genetics and they still got to learn these 5 steps and
there are those who haven't the genetics and still succeed because they know
what talent really means……discipline, focus, attitude and head down to get to
that level.
That’s what you do.
So change the way you see talent and get on with it.
It starts with having the attitude that gets you there instead of over thinking and
asking too many questions to avoid doing the work.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you feel someone starting to lose interest
in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m always busy doing my own thing. I got big goals, dreams and life is exciting
and awesome.
I also have this rule..
If someone isn’t making me a priority, I don’t make them a priority either. If
someone doesn’t give as I do, I don’t give anymore to them.
You’ll ﬁnd many come into your life, talk big about aﬀection towards you but they
either not consistent, either full of bullshit, and will fade away from your life. It
happens, which is why I don’t make women a centre of my life but part of my life
because the centre is my goals and dreams.
People come and go but challenges in your life - your goals, dreams will never
stop. These are more reliable than people. They will be with you for the rest of

your life.
People are ﬁckle.
They say they want truth but really want to feel special - fantasy.
They say be yourself but really they know if they even step and add themselves to
my facebook page, they will be judged by those around them. They “be yourself”
is now “be the self that makes people think you’re same like them, ﬁt in with them
because if they knew you love being fucked in ass, love that, Oooh, what will they
think of you hmmm!”
Shakespeare knew what he is on about when he said people see the world like a
stage, they are all acting and act in many diﬀerent roles.
I know many who read my answers and work but do not follow.
Same people who say they want…freedom but freedom is not given but is taken,
developed from inside and it is doing now, than waiting for someone to give it to
us. So these people will never support you, never really give a shit but for their
own skin. Their behavior reveals that.
One day people love you, you mean the world, next you’re the enemy, or they fade
away or you got to let go of them as they are toxic.
One day people see a free platform and then act like arrogant fuckers, think they
got right to even question why someone does not want to debate, have comment
open, and kiss their asses because they want attention. I suppose they never met
someone who don’t give a shit about what they want or what their opinion is and
now it seems diﬃcult for them to comprehend.
People are people. Two faced, wearing a mask and that is what we all are.
Hypocrites really
We all say we want personality, we want this and that, and sound so good, morals
and all that,.
Liars we are because we do for ourselves.
We do for what we gain.
Whether feeling special, wanted, money, fame, sex, popularity, or pimping our
sexual image in saying we are so good, because we never go for tits, ass, pussy and
dick. No, we are “not like that girl and that guy.”
People will love you, and turn to hate you. People will admire you to then desert
you. People are ﬁckle no matter what.
That is why the ones who win against their own self, are the brave.
That is the greatest wonder of the world…
When a human being shows courage against adversity, against lost love and even
when all doubt him or her, they get up, they go and live the life they want.
In that same note…be brave, be courageous, put yourself ﬁrst!
And whoever one day does love you, does give, they’ll enjoy the richness and the
world you built,
So build! Create. You haven’t got time wondering about someone who does not
give you priority.
I would spend time focusing on your goals, dreams and be real busy and have
many options so if someone doesn’t show same giving value as you do, you can
focus on someone else who does.

If you look at my comment box, it is disabled and messaging has been so now. I’m
busy. I don’t have time for debates and I put more time in my passion rather than
debates.
Be busy with your life and have boundaries, and invest only on those who invest
back in you.
In other words - prioritise.
Second, always look your best, spend time investing in your grooming, wardrobe
and always look your best. Yes, it matters even if most say it doesn’t.
21.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Diego Pujol

Would a guy tell a girl to block another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. He’ll be…
1. The controlling kind
2. The jealous type
3. The white knight pretending to be a friend to get into her pants
4. The possessive type
5. The type to turn back and say to him, “hey, that’s my business and life,”
and remind him the boundaries to not step over.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if the guy only wants sex from me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you know if a guy only wants sex from you?

Avoid the games.
You’ll attract guys who look for a challenge.
Are you a trophy? Are you a prize?
Then the guy will treat as such and fuck you when your weeks, months or
whatever, games are up and drop your ass back to your daddy and mummy who
teach that shit to you.
After all, you behaved a prize, a trophy and so what does someone who seeks
trophy does?
He goes for another and another.
You send that message out there, then you cannot say someone used you. You
used that person playing games.
All you got to do is this..
1. No.
That is it.
The word “No.”
And if the guy walks away, don’t call him a player or bad boy, or fuckboy. He has
right who to choose to have sex with too!
The way you do.

No games.
Say..
“I am not ready and don’t want sex. “
Own it!
Own your sexuality!
Every mother, father, teacher needs to teach this.
Own your sexuality but don’t go oﬀ judging on anyone who doesn’t want what
you got and how you want it and when you want it.
They got the right to walk away from you and go with someone else.
That is what you are asking..
“How do I control the man to pre-select sex.”
So you can…feel…special.
If you try and control and manipulate, you will attract someone who is far
smarter and when he has got what he wanted, he will leave.
You played.
He played
Don’t complain and bitch he used you when you used him!
No games. No manipulation.
Own your sexuality and say “no.”
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should a girl wait for a guy who is currently a 'playboy' until he
changes his attitude one day, or should she just give up on
waiting and move on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You should give up. Calling him a playboy, a player, a bad boy, is where you don’t
deserve this guy at all.
It’s you who needs to change your attitude not other way round. You need to quit
trying to call men playboys because they don’t have shame about sex, the way
you and many women do.
This world is full of people in diﬀerent relationship models and lifestyle.
So you need to change your attitude and see it as not compatible not that he’s a
playboy. It’s you who needs to grow up not him,
Who wants to date a woman anyway who sees him in that way?
So quit and move on.
He doesn’t need anyone controlling him and trying to shape and mold him into
what her expectations are and carrying her psychological baggage of shame
regarding sex and values he probably doens’t even believe in.
Last thing a guy needs is another woman bitching..
“Oh he used me for sex.”
You’re not compatible and that’s how you see it instead labeling him

You cannot change someone and calling someone a playboy because they won’t
validate you and be controlled is pretty darn red ﬂag for any guy.
Move on and ﬁnd someone compatible to you.
You’ll be headache for this guy.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys hibernate and secretly implode after a break up
and women shop, move on so quickly, and act like it was easy to
disconnect from a long time relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was never easy
The world just want us men to look strong like superman
Look like Hercules
To not cry and show our feelings
They say “men don’t cry.”
So I sail, far away to forget you
Raging through the oceans
Mighty waves I battle inside me
You don’t see the tears. I have turned them into waves
You don’t see my hear break. I have made the pain into a ship
You don’t see the ﬁre inside burning me up, I light the sky with stars with my ﬁre
You don’t see the memories I see of you… replaying. I make it my rudder
You don’t see my anger. It is the lighting and thunder
All you see is silence but I loved you the most
Where were you when I needed to hear your words again and again
I was there for you when no friend ever came to you
The world failed you but I was there
When you doubted yourself, I believed in you the most
But in moment of doubt you was nowhere to be heard or seen
I don’t even know you anymore
Who are you, who am I, who are we, we don’t know anymore
You’re words, I am the heavens and earth, your life
But you couldn’t even try to meet me at the shore
Where were you when I needed you the most
Where were the words I needed to hear when I need you them the most
I called you but you never picked up or sent words
Days go by like I was a stranger and so I cut the chords
I know it burns even if you deny and role play to your friends
I know you don’t know how to love someone else
And how you will measure and compare all those who come with me
Then, you’ll say you’re sorry but these words won’t mean anything to me
You don’t see the tears. I have turned them into waves
You don’t see my hear break. I have made the pain into a ship
You don’t see the ﬁre inside burning me up, I light the sky with stars with my ﬁre
You don’t see the memories I see of you… replaying. I make it my rudder
You don’t see my anger. It is the lighting and thunder
Into the naked eye of the storm I sail into
Far into that place
Hoping one day, I will forget your face
I sail far away to forget you

It was never easy
The world just want us men to look strong like superman
Look like Hercules
To not cry and show our feelings
They say “men don’t cry.”
So I sail, far away to forget you
Raging through the oceans
Mighty waves I battle inside me
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why has he blocked me? Basically this guy I use to text blocked
me on Instagram. He kept on telling me to come over to his
place and I kept on saying I will but never went, because I knew
what he wanted.
Adam Taha, I use social media
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already know the answer.
That you got a lot of shame about sex and making it that he’s the problem when
it’s you who is ashamed about sex, and think sex is something you give rather
than doing it for YOU and experiencing pleasure for YOU and enjoying that
pleasure with someone else.
So you’re ashamed about sex and so you didn’t go.
You used that as a way to judge him. After all, it doesn’t need a guy to ask you to
meet him at his place to judge him,
Guy only has to ask you out and you’d be judging him..
“Does he like me for my body, sex or my personality?”
Happens all time with most girls who by simple of an approaching the girl and
asking a girl out. It’s that shame about sex, and..
“I’m not that girl.”
You know, got to feel special, got to be wooed ﬁrst, chased ﬁrst, restaurant meals
and all kinds of shit before you even get to sex because if you don’t, you don’t
feel…special.
If every woman who messaged me to come and meet at their place and I thought
it was sex what you women going to call me?
“OOoh, not everyone woman who invites you to their house wants sex!”
Double standard is what it is.
Or you believe that he has voodo magic that if you was with him, you’ll drop your
pants and not be able to say no to sex?
You can say no to sex when with a guy.
You could state an alternative place to meet, like cafe, or something.
You can show interest to guy in that way without judging him.
But you probably didn’t because your mind is all sex, sex. sex, shame about sex
and all you do is measure some guy with the ruler you got in your head. So you
said no and so he backed oﬀ.
Since you didn’t want what to meet, he’s done with you and blocked you.
What do you expect?

He gave you time to meet up but your instant thought is he’s a bad boy, a player,
wants sex .
He now has blocked and moved on.
You do the same - you move on.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Would you go to a prostitute? Why (not)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ve always wanted to know a lot about sex works for maybe to gather lots of
knowledge and information, as I have always been wanting to promote sexual
freedom, and found many websites out there to services our there just don’t cut it
when it’s online and still not easy, not even real testimonials etc.
The reason I wouldn't is I don’t have any diﬃcult with abundance of having sex. I
have wide range of sex life activities like sex parties, I have lovers and so it’s
nothing something I’d suddenly think of needing to go out and pay for it.
Doesn’t mean if I met someone who is a sex worker and we clicked, chemistry,
that I won’t want to don’t date her and be in a relationship….but I would’ go out
initially to call or ﬁnd websites or go to where they are and pay for it.
I think it would depend on someone if they who due to lack of sex.
I do see it’s appeal. No hassle. No games. None of what you ﬁnd in traditional
dating and relationships. I see the appeal but it can get expensive if a person
relies on it. Its a business, after all. Its a service and supplies to a need.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy met a girl who he thought was gorgeous, sexy, had great
sex, could talk about personal stuﬀ, and shared the same views,
etc., why wouldn't he date her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s missing is either chemistry or if there is chemistry, there is something he
doesn’t feel is going to work with her, whether it is lack of compatibility or some
kind of friction..
Friction- they are friends.
Therefore, if they are, most of the time the guy does not want to lose that friend
and rather just keep it platonic.
He can talk all that, have that emotional support all day long, whenever he wants
to with her but he can’t with other girls and guys.
So even if attraction is there, the friction is too big.
I know even when I was attracted to a woman, she was sexy, hot, tall, blonde,
amazing body and her personality..incredible but still, I wouldn’t because of the
level of friction.
That friction?
She was too close in my social circle and I am not some guy who hasn’t got ample
resources out in world where I can date a woman who is similar, without the
drama. So I take then least resistance and I have the rule to not date any woman
no matter what in my social circle.
I got that sorted hands down because it’s just too much drama I can easily avoid.

So for him, there is something of a friction or there is no attraction.
So don’t see it that you’re not attractive.
It can be other things like that.
But you need to ask him as the woman I am talking about asked me and I was said
why. She still pursues, still tries it but I keep saying no. It’s not play hard to get. I
have said to her why.
It’s not going to happen.
I don’t date women from work, from business and from inner social circle.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is a woman with conﬁdence scary? I have the feeling that I scare
guys when I tell them I like them/or make the ﬁrst move.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
I like a more direct and ﬂirtatious as well, sexualise full on. Not into nice, princes
and “ooh I’m not that girl.”
If you want, you can do the following…
1. Build rapport in the ﬁrst 5 minutes. Set these pussy ass guys at ease.
2. Flirt, be fun, don’t be serious. Just relax and be fun.
3. Add some physical touch conversation as you do.
4. Then qualify them..
“Are you the conﬁdent type or the type who is intimidated by women asking
a guy out?”
They will always say they are conﬁdent type most of the time. Now you
got your answer and roll with it to ask the guy out.
Or ask a diﬀerent question based on what you want in a guy.
Try that and then you can tweak and reﬁne.
Personally, if he’s intimidated, he will be a boring shit in bed but if you want a guy
who is boring shit in bed, where you are uncomfortable to even talk about sex and
lock fantasies and kinks away… well, there we go.
Go for these guys who think “hunting” is all that.
Personally, I love a conﬁdent woman and by that, I mean she approaches, ﬂirts
and she behaves feminine.
2k Views · View Upvoters

The girl that told me she had feelings for me, but wanted me to
leave her alone just texted me after me not contacting her for
two days. The text read, “hope you have a good day”. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Life has already gave you a warning to stay away and you’re
still..asking..what you should do?

You got yourself an insecure, immature girl!
A drama queen.
She’ll be like that, back and forth if anything happened between you two.
Probably some covert narcissist already playing with her attention seeking
manipulation. Yes, they start very young.
Don’t waste your time with her.
People tell you early on or near middle of knowing them how they are and how
they’ll fuck you up or the relationship.
Her behavior tells you right now she’s headache, an attention seeker and will use
you for emotional support and vomit all kinds of crap on you.
Too many young guys waste their time on such girls.
Move on and don’t text back or give her time, because all she’s looking for is a self
esteem booster to probably brag to her friends.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says to a girl, "Can you ﬁnally
stop writing me?"? Does it mean she should call him instead or
better not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he doesn’t want to hear from you again.
It’s not complicated.
Stop contacting him whether it’s texting or phone.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my girlfriend not giving me importance when I do so
much for her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She knows she can and knows, that you won’t walk away. She’s taking your time
and what you give for granted. If it’s unbalanced then either balance it by setting
boundaries or if she’s keeps violating boundaries, best to move on.
I have no compassion for any who take people for granted. They know what they
are doing and it’s lazy, selﬁsh and immature.
Let her know if you wish but if she gives you a silent treatment for a full day or
two because you shared your feelings - drop her without explanation. That way
such girls realise their games doesn’t work on every guy and you’re not going to
back oﬀ wanting respect. Then move on and be with someone who you don’t
need to educate that it’s important to respect someone’s time, value with respect
and balance.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says, “I’m done with you”?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He has had enough of the woman he ‘s talking to
2. She has stepped over the line too many times
3. She has been giving him bullshit long enough

4. She has been annoying for far too ling
5. It is the end of the fucking line for her
6. She has annoying for the last time
7. It is over, done, ﬁnished and..
He is done with her.
But..
It doesn’t mean “we are over,” although it can be.
Depends on that guy.
It can means he’s really pissed oﬀ and there is a chance of reconciliation.
Depends on him if he has been thinking about this for a while.
So if I was her, I’d back oﬀ, give him space and whatever she is doing…avoiding
doing it or the chances of every having a any reconciliation is zero.
4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you respond to men who say that since they are virgins
they want a virgin bride? I have never seen a woman saying
things like this.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy - blah blah blah virgin bride
Me - I see. Well, if that’s what you want, that’s what you want.

See, it’s very easy.
You just respect what someone wants and leave it at that.
No one’s business but theirs.
Except if someone trying to ﬁx and change the person.
Best to just move on.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is sex really important in a relationship? How do men and
women work on this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the person.
For me, it is important. It doesn’t matter how hot a woman is or wealthy. Nothing
is going to have me even think of dating her if I ﬁnd out it’s not important to her.
I’ll know because if she hides that, she’ll mess up soon enough with creating
drama’s, negativity about sex, avoiding ﬂirting, and other mind games.
I only have to mention sex and sexual ﬂirt and that gets rid of the women who are
not compatible like lightening!
Its surprising what the word “SEX” can do.
Incredible screening tool I have eber used i dating in my entire life. It hss literally
made my life so much easier to get rid of culturally programmed, religious, to
even the most sneaky types who pretend they so into sex but really they jus want
to ﬁ you into some pathetic wuss of a man who is heir doormat.

Well, haven’t you noticed how some women date bad boys then bitch later on
how he just would’t be that guy she wanted when really, they already knew but he
was a challenge, far more exciting and if stronger. If they can ﬁx and change him,
gold but it never happens.
He’s not for those type of women and never will be.
He can fall in love but not with such women who want to posses him. He’s for
woman who is same as him, far removed from traditional relationship models
and they don’t see sex and kinky sex as taboo.
How do we work on this?
1. Compatibility. That means she is high sexual like myself, raw, sexually
kinky, and loves to explore like I do. If not, have a nice life, we are not
gong any further. There are other factors too like physical attraction,
personality, values etc.
I’d be able to ﬁnd out compatibility in under 10 minutes because I am direct. I
don’t fuck around with this and nor do I apologise for it.
Sometimes in a matter of a minute just by the behavior of the woman.
I watch for behavior when I mention sex and also her words. It is the behavior
afterwards that will be very telling of what they are really thinking. They know
what they are doing so don’t think they don’t.
If you listen, people generally tell you who they are in the beginning and though
they think they cover things up, their unconscious cannot help but show the big
massive red ﬂags. Especially by watching their behaviour.
Sometimes it may take longer but in the end you’ll know…you’re not compatible
with this person and nor are they with you.
The more you date many women, the more you see all the patterns to watch out
for. It becomes predictable.
The mistake most do is..
They let their relatives, society and their fears dictate their choices on
who to date and be in relationship with.
They see the look of the person and then try to ﬁx and change when in a
relationship.
Best to be with someone compatible to you in regards to sex from day one but
also other things too.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Does attitude really matter?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why does attitude matter?

There was a young woman who would take two pots and walk down the hill to ﬁll
them with water. Then walk back up to ﬁll the well that serves as cooling water
and water for cooking.
One day, there was a crack on the side one of the pot, while the other pot didn’t
have a scratch on it. She kept using the pot with the crack and go through the
same process but this time, when she reached the well, this crack pot was never
full but half full….while..the other pot was always full of water.
The pot with crack looked at the pot that seemed so perfect and it felt sad.

It said to the young woman..
“I am so sorry for the crack I have. I know it must be a burden you to ﬁnd you put
eﬀort walking down and up that hill, to only have me give half of pot of water while
the other pot does far more superior service to you.”
The young woman replied..
“Haven’t you paid attention? Instead of over thinking and feeling so worried about
your imperfections, look outwards and see. Let me show you.”
As she walked down the hill she said..
“See this path we walk on? Look at what you have achieved with the water that
ﬂowed from you due to this crack. You see new ﬂowers. You see vibrant colours on
the path. You see bees and bird living fullness of their life. You see, you are part of
something far bigger and all because of the water that is ﬂows from the crack on the
side of your pot. This time pay attention and change your attitude and see with
fresh new eyes.”
From then on the pot wasn’t envious and jealous of the other pot and nor did it
feel this mistrusting feeling of it’s owner and nor did it question it’s worthiness
anything and ask itself..
“Why does this owner want me when she can have any perfect out?”
Instead the pot changed embraced her own inner beauty and looked through new
fresh eyes by changing her own attitude.

Attitude is everything. Your thoughts becomes your beliefs. Your belief becomes
actions and so they dictate your behavior and the choices you make.
The events in your life can either create shame for you or you decide to free
yourself from the shame to not make you hold judgement on yourself and other
people who have diﬀerent opinions, belief and way of living.
An attitude that is negative can get you to avoid your responsibilities or try to get
you to live in fear to control others. It can get you to be emotionally bias and
deny, distort, select information just to rationalize your shame, your fears to then
not act or to judge others.
It can get you to minimize the importance of an issue, a decision or the behavior
of someone else who gives you time, value and you ﬁnd out far too late, as we
human beings can only take so much to then move on and leave such a person
behind.
It can get you to project past events, experiences on to someone else and ﬁnd the
one who dearly loved you, gave you time, value, moved on because you hurt them
by your behavior.
It can get you to be closed minded and you do not step out of the comfort zone for
new information and just focus on information to go with the attitude and
behavior you have right now.
It can make a person behave as a victim, talk as a victim and that alone can eﬀect
your life as it is emotionally draining for people who are of positive attitude, who
desire to grow and who are open minded.
Such an attitude makes you only see what you want to see rather than stepping
out of the comfort zone to stretch your mind,thinking and imagination.
You’d always just see your ﬂaws.

You’d always see the dark side of life.
You’d always see imperfections in yourself.
You’d always see mistrust and you never give yourself the chance to be loved and
this as well pushes people who do want to love you, far away.
You’d attract those who are toxic too and those who are not, when they get a taste
of you, will slam that door shut and sometimes, without warning.
There has been many a times I have blocked people, broken up with women,
moved on from friends due to their own negativity, their toxic mind and their
behavior. Some to the extent I gave no word but blocked and moved on because
they were that toxic.
The amount of people I will never help because of their attitude and their desire
to procrastinate, question everything and not apply themselves for a long period
of time to see progress.
To change your behavior, challenge yourself with new information, new
knowledge and avoid fearing change.
It matters because your future, your ﬁnancial stability, your relationship you
want to build and prosper depends on it.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if you found out your girlfriend that you
love dearly is an escort/prostitute/hooker on the side?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What I’d do?
It will go like this….
Her - Adam, I am sorry I didn’t tell you, but…Oh shit…I know this is gong to not
go down well. I’m a sex worker/escort/strip dancer.”
Me -You’re a sex worker?
Her - Yes.
Me - Well, if you want to talk about it let me know. I’m sure you probably sick of
people asking you questions about your profession
Her - You’re not angry?
Me - No. Must have been really diﬃcult for you to tell me. You could have told me
way back but I can understand why it would have been diﬃcult for you to do so
and you needed to be sure of me ﬁrst. Is there anything else though you didn’t tell
me. Best to tell me now.
Her - No, just this. I was so worried and I wanted to but I just…you know.
Me - Yes I understand. (Hug, kiss and if she wanted to talk about it more, sorted,
I’m listening)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if he doesn't text you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it mean if a guy doesn't text you back?

If he’s just a guy…

1. You got his number but haven’t shown intent
2. He sees your as an attention seeker
3. He has doubts on why you’re texting him. Are you ineterested in him, if
so, why haven’t you said it
4. Are you texting him to show oﬀ to your friends or leading to being some
damsel in distress for emotional support to start talking about ex
boyfriends etc.
5. He has already experience in this matter and won’t be wasting his time
much
If he’s a guy and shown verbally you’re attracted to him
1. He’s not into you that much
2. He’s not attracted to you
If it’s a guy you shown attraction to and he shown it to you, and a history is
with you in texting back and forth to have blocked you…
1. You have hurt him with something you did or said, and he now doesn’t
trust you anymore
2. He thought you was diﬀerent from the rest and now believes you’re like
most girls, who seek attention and waste of time
3. You texted about ex and crushes <<< very big mistake.
4. Your texting is all about you
5. Your texting is dark, negative and all about what has gone wrong
6. Your texting is emotionally draining, not fun, sad, it’s not ﬂirtatious and
just boost of anger or irrationality, or negativity
7. He feels you’re both not compatible and you’re not who you say you are
8. He feels there is no point investing time and emotions anymore.
9. You have been given ample time to show why he should invest more in
you but you showed him the opposite
If he’s a guy who knows your married
1. He sees you as wanting attention
2. You’re not getting much emotional connection from your husband
3. He’s boring at sex and you want to spice up using this guy to turn on heat
in your existing relationship
4. And he knows so he’s not bothering with your sad stories
If he knows you have a boyfriend already
1. He’s not interested in wasting his time with you
2. He’s not interested giving emotional support like some nice guy
pretending to be your friend to get into your pants
3. He’s got experience in this matter so he sees you as an attention seeker
If he knows you’re at school or college
1. He can’t be assed with the drama
2. You haven’t show you desire him
3. He’s sick and tired of immature girls who’ll use him to talk about ex,
crushes like pathetic high school lonely girls.

But you’ll never know.
Because you got to ask him why he doesn’t text back.
No one here really knows as these are but assumptions I am giving you.
13k Views · View Upvoters

What does Adam Taha think about sexting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a skill and it’s like anything else you learn - it has a process. Before sexting it’s
best to have foundation of understanding attraction and one of the most
important steps is you screen out women/men before sexting
So ensure, you have identiﬁed there mutual sexually and romantically attraction.
You cannot have ambiguity.
Sexting can can also be used when you’re already in a relationship. You can use it
to spice it up and have fun.
I won’t be talking of the Psychology of the language attraction and sexting but I
can share some of the tools I use as I have taken it a diﬀerent level.
You’ll need to appreciate tools are only as good as the user.
If you haven’t the knowledge, skill and experience with all process of attraction
and the language of attraction, these tools won’t be much use and you’ll make
tons of mistakes you could have avoided.
Also if you’re not conﬁdent, your mindset is supplicating to women and being
passive about how you approach dating, then it’s not going to happen.
The Tools I Use to create content for sexting
Most people think it’s just words and haven’t even come close to how I do things.
Variety is the key and using diﬀerent tools can help do that.
It’s all about creating the sexual tension - the mood and to make it fun, exciting
and I use diﬀerent tools for that.
1. WhatsApp for Mac and PC laptops when not using mobile phone

When I am not about out there, this is a very awesome tool as I can use my laptop.
I can use all kinds to attach not just texting
Images/memes, sexual images, quotes images etc.
Videos. I may know what she is passionate about so I would share videos
of such things. To sexy videos, to all kinds of videos I create myself.
Music.

Your own vocals (voice recorded or on the spot talking)
Documents
Variety is the key when sexting and using each one helps make texting very
interesting, fun and valuable.
attraction but sexual tension.
2. Audacity - Free Software

I use audacity for recording vocals and I have a professional microphone, and
leverage hand stand which is on table but I also have one small microphone
connected to my phone.
I can record vocals and edit as well in Audacity
3. Voice Meter - Free Plugin Software

Every software will have it’s limits and will be better at something than other
softwares. Voice Meter helps me to record sound into Audacity using my laptop
and makes it crisp. I gives it a smooth edge without background. It’s closer to my
natural voice which I need and I got deep voice.
You do need a good microphone and you don’t need to spend thousands of
dollars for one. I only spent thousands of dollars for the recording studio when
producing music for albums for dance music, techno, electro, RNB and Hip Hop.

The microphone I have for sexting to use audio is £70.00. You can even get one
cheaper. Just test and see what works for you.
4. After Eﬀects - Paid software

I use it to create spectaular special eﬀects for some parts of my videos. I also
create animated gifs specially designed by myself to also import gifs I ﬁnd and
manipulate them.
6. Tumble Gif animated images

I use Tumblr for sexual to romantic types of animated images. So any excuses
that “Oh I can’t send nude photos etc,” you don’t need to. You can use images
that’s already there because it’s about creating the mood.
Then you can download to your laptop and even add to your mobile phone library
to send with your text.
You can also ﬁnd a wealth of diﬀerent funny mages on Pininterest and even
Google and download to your lapton, and then transfere them to Whatsapp
Gif/photo folder on your phone.
7. Sony Vegas - Paid software

Sony Vegas is great to create your own videos and combing all you did into one
message video.
It also has awesome editing tools to slice, to speed up, to slow down, to fade, and
all kinds of stuﬀ.
I import everything I did in Sony Vegas such as the many clips of videos with
eﬀects, sound, images, music and render it out as one video.
8. Hand Brake - Free Software

There is a format you need to save your videos for Whatsapp.
Handbrake is one of the free software you can use that will convert your video to
H.264 format. Eve if your video is 5 mins long or 20 mins, it still can work for the
other person to watch the video on their mobile phone.
Just open ﬁle, add it and convert it to then send on Whatsapp.

When I meet the women, it is full on, electric because of the process.
We have shared a lot in a short space of time if local such as what we want, sex,
boundaries too, kinks, all sorts in a fun way.
There we go…some tools you can add to make the experience richer for you and
the other person your sexting with.
Be creative and have fun with someone who is attracted to you and is compatible.

1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Badr Eddine

Can machines perform sex in the future?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s getting there. Not there yet but it is getting there…

It’s also happening in other industries like night clubs, dancing…

Give it some years and I feel we’ll see huge progress.
There is a huge market for sex robots and for other industries but I cannot see
that much of what I want to see is going to happen in my life time.
Maybe in 20–50 years time.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Girls, what do you look for in a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was with my sister, well, four of them. We were standing outside, busy day,
wedding. Anyway one guy asks one of my sisters..
Him - So what do you look for in a guy
Sister 1 - Kind, loving, sense of humor
Sister 2 - Passionate about life, smart, intellectual
Sister 3 - Is good at talking, conversation as I don’t go out much and talk to lots
Sister 4 -Someone I am comfortable with, safe, nice, polite
The guy left after they replied.
I looked at my sisters and when no one was around I said..
“God, you’re such fucking liars hahaa!

My sisters…one by one gave similar reply..
“Yeah but you can’t expect us to say to guys….it’s because they make our heart race,
and we feel butterﬂies, and fantasize. They and other girls will judge us as sluts,
whores and too easy. Got to keep our reputation, you know.”
Guys, your own sister and mother will bullshit you on this.
Your own, never mind girls who are strangers online with name and photo of
their face, telling you.
It’s the internet.
The only time they’ll answer legit, not all but some if you change the question to
how you feel when you see…a..HOT…guy.
You’ll still get some girl talking shit about intellectual, personality blah blah.
They can’t help it. Fear…shame and most of all, rationalising to themselves,
denial of their own desires and feelings due to…shame.
They always think - reputation…social image..fear…being judged…isolated by
their own friends, community.
They always think, “what would other people/girls/guys think of me?”
Any guy taking dating advice from girls has his head up their ass.
The primary function of a brain of a woman and man is to protect. through
all our lives we think survival.
Do you really think, REALLY think, a girl will say to your face and on here, for
real..
“It’s because he makes my pussy wet, I feel a tingle, my heart race, and OMG he is so
hot, and I so want to talk to him…and…and…”
Their brain, like you as a guy who ﬁnds it diﬃcult to approach girls, who won’t
take eﬀort to learn from experience, getting good at it, not falling for women and
white knights bullshit is done for the same reason…..Shame…FEAR..
It is due to FEAR of rejection, that same fear comes from SHAME and that
SHAME you feel which was brainwashed into you, is the same shame that will
prevent girls saying to you for real, what they so desire.
That’s why for example girls do all those stupid, yes fuckng stupid moves like
hints, looking for signals and so do most guys to ask questions like….
“what does it mean?”
Instead of asking that person they are with….they ask strangers on here because
they avoid the fear..of…rejection. It’s easy to do. Just add a question and done. No
one will ever know they asked it.
Fear and shame is why.
It’s the worry on how it may look if they asked the person themselves. Fear of
rejection which comes from…shame that has been conditioned into people.
It’s not that women, girls are pathological liars.
It’s not like some mysterious plan is happening but rather it is the primitive basic
survival instinct.
Yes they do play games.
Like it or not, they do and they do it because they fear being open and then
getting rejected, humiliated or judged. Some do it because they are not even

interested in the guy and just want validation.
It’s like a little child afraid of being caught with their hand in the cookie jar.
But those who do not say what they really want to say is because..
They got to protect themselves not just from guys judging them
They also got to protect themselves from relatives
From friends
From society
From all who know them, follow them on here, facebook and anywhere
else
From other women and girls who judge.
They will always be making sure to protect their..self image and if that also
means, not telling a guy they are attracted to him, then that’s what they’ll do.
They focus on..protecting their emotions.
Fear is always going to be there.
It’s human nature to protect one self to survive from judgement, humiliation,
from…pain.
Change the question and you get a completely diﬀerent answer from girls. Now,
all that “personality, conversation, good at this,” they so say they look for in a
guy…goes out of the window.
Here…look, the question below is diﬀerent and see now what the answer is…
What do women think when looking at a hot guy?
28.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some girls not like being kissed on the lips?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girls which means the girls are not your girlfriend, lovers. So why would you go
kissing girls who are not your lover?
And if it’s a girlfriend then why would you want to be with someone who is not
compatible to you, doesn’t like intimacy, physical touch and kissing?
Be with a girlfriend who loves kissing like you do.
And don’t go oﬀ trying to kiss girls who are not your girlfriend because it is like
putting the cart before the horse.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ali Hossein Rizvi

What is the best way to "not give a shit"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two monks were walking and they got to a river. A woman came along, hot and
sexy. The older monk said he can help her get to the other side.
He carried her on his back in a piggy back style as the young monk followed.
They got to the other end of the bank, she thanks the older monk and walked oﬀ
to disappear. The monks continued walking but the young monk was upset. He
didn’t talk at all since they saw the woman.

After a days walk to reach where they intended, the older monk stopped and
asked the young monk..
“You have been quiet for all day, what is ailing you my brother?”
“It’s just..” exclaimed the young monk, “you carried the woman on your back. You
touched a WOMAN! THAT WOMAN!”
The older monk chuckled and said to the young monk..
“I carried her for only a few minutes and you carried this thought for a full day.”
Then he left the young monk with the lesson and walked on to meet the people.

It is hard work carrying your own load to also carry other people’s baggage,
perceptions, insecurities, fears, shame , guilt and..expectations.
Carry your own and you’ll feel much lighter and you’ll ﬁnd not giving a shit will
be very easy for you.
The only expectations to have is love what you do and do it well.
52.9k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when someone challenges me to make me feel
inferior?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When someone is doing that, they are feeling shame and so they want you to feel
the shame as well.
It’s like projecting past experiences of trauma and instead of sorting themselves
out through therapy, they take it on someone else or on views, opinions that
trigger those experiences.
We are after all memories, of parts from many parts which creates our world and
meaning and how we see life.
It creates the feeling of shame and they want you to feel shame.
They do the same as the abuser did to them, whether it is parents, whether it’s a
friend, whether it was someone else or group of people and project it on you.
In other words, it is they who feel inferior to you and want you to now feel shame,
to feel inferior so they get some meaning out of it..
When someone challenges you, just do what I do…
“It’s ok buddy, you feel shame but doesn’t mean I got to feel your shame as well.”
Then walk oﬀ.
Let that person keep their shame.
You don’t need to take on theirs.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are some reasons that a guy who likes you may not ask
you out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. What if she says no?

2. What if she rejects me in front of all her friends?
3. What if it hurts when she rejects me?
4. But she’s out of my league?
5. But what if I look stupid when I open my mouth to talk?
6. What will Elvis think if I can’t string a sentence?
7. Does she even notice me?
8. But what if she’s got a boyfriend? She looks hot, so she must have?
9. Will Luke from Star Wars appear in the next Star War Movie?
10. What if she doesn’t like Star Wars and it turns her oﬀ?
11. What if she says Yes and we have sex and my dick doesn’t work?
12. Oh fuck it. The stupid bitch. She doesn’t deserve my time!
13. But what if I got plenty of time and she hasn’t?
As you can see, it’s far more than fearing rejection
It is shame.
It is the shame felt when growing up, the social conditioning that increased the
shame and the of associating that what he does as shameful and bad, due to brain
washing in society and his upbringing.
We see it as fear of rejection but that is only a symptom.
The root us shame.
Lack of conﬁdence, self esteem us but symptoms of something deeper.
All of it gets the guy and even girl, over thinking.
So if you’re a girl and you see a guy who might like you - give him a nudge with a
smile, a wave, a suggestion to have a drink together.
He’ll appreciate it.
And if you’re a guy, do same for the girl.
It’s not easy to do this in this fucked up world of ours that likes to pound us with
shame and guilt.
Worse. It’s the very people who feel shame due to trauma in their past
experiences that try to make others feel shame, because they feel shame, so they
want someone else to feel it too.
It’s their way of ﬁnding meaning their their sad life.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to hope your ex will eventually come back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about wrong or right.
It’s what you’re going to do about it?
In my own words…
You can hope for the new break of dawn to bring success
You can hope for the stars to dance like diamonds in the sky
You can hope for streams path of water ﬂowing into your vineyard
You can hope…because you have control over these. You work for it!

But you cannot hope for lovers to return
Who said love is about idleness?
Who said love is about whispers?
Who said love is about hiding your feelings?
Where did the shame come to withhold and not roar like thunder?
Strike like lightening when you had your lover at your grasps?
You can hope for hell and heaven on earth
You can hope for your enemies to disband and disperse
You can hope to ﬁll your account or your purse
But you cannot hope for lovers to come back
Love never said “thinking of love is enough”
And “love is ever enough”
It didn’t say play a game to call someone’s bluﬀ
It didn’t say play tricks and hide and seek
It didn’t say you treat love like trick or treat
It didn’t say to not trust and open your heart
It didn’t say withhold at the middle but show it at the start
It didn’t say ﬁx and change the person’s as you along
It did not say dangle whatever they desire like a carrot
It said give it all you got today, now, with all your heart
It did not say dream of children, home and wedding bells
Love silently like a mystic throwing coins in wishing wells
Nor wait until your lover had enough to cast a love spell
Or make your lover feel they got walk on eggshells
Hope?
Hope is for the ones who got time to play a game
For the princess in towers and imaginary white knights to blame
Hope is for the lovers of myths, legends and folklore
And all the religious ad customs and more
For the followers of fallacies that render them to take no action
Because they fear they will get love back and so much more
Hope is for the ones who do not really believe in love
They but love to foretell of their misery later on, until they had enough
The question has never been if your lover will come back
It is…if you had your lovers heart at all?
How do you know?
Ask him/her.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

How does a man feel about a girl that wants to wait for sex after
marriage?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Harry says he is confused by it.
Dave thinks it’s alright and he’s desperate for anything right now, so he’ll wait for
her
James thinks it’s great idea as he wants to make sure she’s not a psycho bitch
Kevin thinks she must be on meds or something fucked up

Richard thinks it’s brilliant as he has the same thoughts too
Ray is wondering if she is asexual and worried he might not get sex at all
Adam Taha, “We are not compatible. Sex isn’t used as a weapon and as some
trophy I win or favour you give. This is you trying to do what most women to, the
control of sex selection. I don’t believe in the values you believe and you cannot
promise me anything in the future. You got no control of that and nor have I. So I
have to walk away from you. We’re not compatible. We are world’s apart.”

As you can see, out of billions of men, each man is diﬀerent.
So she needs to stop wondering about “MEN” and ask the “MAN” she is with.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl says thanks, laughs and smiles at
you? What could this be a sign of?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
“Nice try but I don’ fall for nice guys who want to get into my pants with
compliments but…nice try hahahaha.”
274 Views · View Upvoters

Is no contact a good way to get your ex boyfriend back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The No Contact has always been abused and misused by so many people. It is not
to get anyone back. It is to give time to heal, grow, move on because you had
enough and know, no communication, explaining is going to do damn good.
You know because you have made it clear who you are, what you#re needs are
and person was either selﬁsh, immature or insecure, or ungrateful to see what is
important to you and it is so evident, and yet they consistently either stepped
over boundaries, shown not much aﬀection and they were emotional draining,
for you to decide enough is enough.
Or you ﬁnd they are now who they said they are and now know there is no
compatibility and if you were together, it be frustrating, it be walking on
eggshells and it’s just a relationship you want to be in.
You feel sick. You know something is wrong and you know this person hasn’t
what you need or really appreciates you. You feel empty, emotionally drained or
you feel in all honesty, they haven’t what it takes to love you the way you want to
be loved.
You decide to be the Bad Guy or Bad Girl…
That’s why you slam that door shut and move on, but as you do you’ll be hurting,
and you know at this period of time, your emotions are going nuts and also the
other person can say things to score points or whatever they can do to feel like
they dumped you or exact some stupid revenge.
So you go No Contact to live your life, feeling the hurt, the pain, going through
emotions, working all inside of you out to ﬁgure and to continue growing, to heal,
to love yourself, to focus on your goals, aspirations and dreams.

You are giving space now for you, putting you ﬁrst and not putting the ex as a
priority, in which you gave so much time sharing, giving, listening, being
supportive, loving but you found them wantig.
The person has been weight, measured and you found them wanting.
it is over, it is done, and you gave ample time for person to get on with it and they
haven’t, made excuses or didn’t put eﬀort to learn.
You are now thinking of your own health, body and mind, and your life. You take
all back now, all that time stops and focused all on you.
This is why I do no contact.
Total severing connection, blocking on everything and also because I don’t say
something harsh to them as well because I can be a fucking asshole and I can lay
it on without mercy and my words will cut through someone and hurt them
deeply.
And I hate that doing that. I hate the feeling it makes me feel and I don’t want to
feel it. It’s inside of me, that dark side, as it is with all of us but I’d like to make
sure it doesn’t rise.
So I know myself well
I am self aware of damage I can do with my words to someone and I decide not to
do so even if it means it reveals image of an asshole, so be it.
It is for my protecting as well as the other person.
Just because I did no contact doesn’t mean I do not love the person. I love the
person dearly and it’s not love I can just switch oﬀ as what I felt is not taken likely
by me and what they said to me wasn’t taken likely.
Most people love and then when all goes ape shit they say they don’t love the
person anymore. I am not like that.
I love deep and hard but if I don’t get what I want and I have said many a times
what I want, I’m done.
It’s not diﬃcult to know what a person wants. It’s easy to know what I want and a
woman cannot make excuses she doesn’t know. I’m very direct and they read mu
shit on here. So one cannot say they don’t know.
It’s why I am direct, clear and will say what I want.
I love the person still but I am so done.
I can’t wait for someone to grow from such a basic level when I am far ahead in
most things which took years to develop such mind and how I see things, so I
know how long it can take for someone else.
No use waiting.
Now, if you want your ex boyfriend back, I don’t care if he’s been this or that,
asshole, jerk, whatever. People do things crazy when it’;s love and hurting, and
emotions ﬂying everywhere, so you cannot expect someone being a saint. They
are pissed oﬀ and hurt, disappointed and angry too.
You don’t do no contact to get someone back.
You take action, you be consistent,forget what everyone says, they are not living
your life and nor will they pay your bills, or come to the rescue.
You decide what you want, how much eﬀort you’re gong to put in and you know
very well, what the ex wants and desires, even lusts for, and expects.

Only you know that from everyone here.
So going no contact is not going to help but show lack of interest. Liking their
photos on instragram, pininterest, facebook or anywhere else.
You have to be braver than that, consistent, full on, until the person can trust you
again ad knows you have changed, grown, and is the person they want in your
life.
After all….a person leaves because of nothing else of being hurt due to not getting
what…they…want.
Do you know what he wants?
Then communicate the message you got what he wants and be creative in doing
so, and it’s up to you if you want to ﬁght for him and you.
If not, leave him alone and move on.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you say when a girl asks you "Should I cut my hair or
not"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Should I cut my hair or not
Me - What do you think?
Girl - Think I should let it grow.
Me - Sounds like you know what you’re dong.
Girl - Haha. You never give solutions, do you?
Me - I’m not here to save the day. If I was, I’d be worried what to say to impress
you to get into your pants.
Girl - Are you ﬂirting and asking me out?
Me - Only if you stop talking about your fucking hair ;)
Girl - hahaha
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn't want to have sex with me but she's always
asking me for money. Am I being played?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are being played and so much so, that my cat read your question while sitting
with me, looked at me, rolled his eyes and nodded his head at me when I said
these two words…
“ATM MACHINE!”
I kid you not.
He just looked at me, nodded and walked oﬀ back to his sette. Yes, he has a big
settee. It was mine and now he won’t let me sit on it.
Crafty sod.
I saw him one day outside as a kitten crying, looking at me with those big eyes
and it was raining.
And now he’s all grown up, eating food, sleeping and I am hoping he’ll change but
no.
He won’t change but dangles his “I will change” with some nifty sneaky moves to
give me hope that one day, he’ll fuck oﬀ my settee and let me chill on it but
moment I go for it, he runs and jumps on it and spreads himself wide.

I never thought a small cat like him can stretch his body that long and big,
Sneaky bastard.
Sounds familiar does it?
Like your girlfriend. Or shall I say if I am not mistaken you have now found your
balls and thought..
“ADAM! You are a sexiest bastard but…damn it man, you took the words out of my
mouth AGAIN!”
And when she appears you is like…
You - what’s up? (as you open the door)
Her - I erm, got any money?
You - Sure! First blow job, now, on your fucking knees
Her - WHAT? You can’t do that. It’s my body!
You - It’s my body too and money, so fuck oﬀ!
Her - But feminists say
You - They don’t pay my bills and give you money do they? Now get!
Her - Ooh erm, I so love you. Let’s fuck right now. You so got me turned on. Where
have you been hiding all that, OMG, I can feel my panties wet!
Ok it won’t happen that way because you needed to be such a person from day
one and changing like that in a second doesn’t happen in real life. I am what am
through years of forging myself into the man that I am.
But…at least you found your balls and slammed that door shut and never, ever, be
with a girl who is not sexually compatible and who dangles sex like a carrot.
You can thank my cat Felix for this wisdom.
But just in case I need to make it clear..
Yes, she’s PLAYING YOU.
Now excuse me, I need to order a new settee and if he sits on this one, I’m going
to…damn he’s doing the eyes thing again!
8.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy tries to hug you after rejecting
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. It is a way to cushion the rejection.
2. To avoid any awkwardness later
3. To avoid conﬂict
4. To keep friendship if you were friends before you asked him out
5. Or he heard you’re a master at Mixed Martial arts and grabbed you so you
don’t start swinging and throwing him all over the ﬂoor and ceiling like
Hulk.
I think it’s number 5 ;)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can a man truly love one woman while sexually desiring
others?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Both, women and men can love others while sexually desiring others. They can
love more than one person, have sex with more than one partner.
The idea that when you love someone else it makes love for one who is with
scarce, or that it’s not love is one of the destructive constructed thoughts in
society today.
Mostly we see it in religion and other socially constructed ideas made for people
to conform, feel ashamed and guilty about sex, about their desires. Attraction
doesn’t stop when you’re with someone. It’s always going to be there and so is the
feelings and emotions when someone sees someone else they are attracted to and
if time invested those feeling grows.
So Yes, both genders can love more than one person and also sexually desiring
others too.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lexi McKane

How do you handle jealous and possessive girlfriends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t.
I make sure I am dating a woman who has already got her shit together.
You can stay calm and talk with her, ﬁnd out the cause of it but you can’t really
change people. That’s how it is for some people. It’s feelings, emotions and a lot
of cultural upbringing as well. It’s also insecurities in the mix.
The best is communicate in a calm manner but also appreciate you can’t change
people and ﬁx. You don’t have to handle it as it’s she who needs to sort her
feelings out but it helps if you stay calm and talk about it often.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do teachers not like it when I ﬂirt with girls during class?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They have a responsibility to ensure that students are not harassed in class and
student’s growth.
This is not the time to ﬂirt but to study, to respect the teacher’s time, knowledge,
everyone else time and head down to get the work done.
You’re also annoying others and you can also get other students in trouble.
That’s not the place to ﬂirt. Be mature about this. You’re being very disruptive in
class and you’re making it diﬃcult for the teacher and everyone else.
You have breaks for that and later after school as well.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Gary Williams

How do I get my girlfriend to totally dominate me in bed?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’ll have to communicate with her.
It would have best you’d know what you wanted in a woman and attracted a
woman who likes to dominate in bed rather than changing and ﬁxing.
She may not like to dominant you in bed.

Communicate with her as that’s the best place to start and see what she says. If
she says no etc etc, don’t lose it. Stay calm. She may next day or a week change
her mind, as you never know but it would have been best if you dated a woman
who already loves to dominant in bed.
It’s why I always make sure the kinks is aligned.
Makes life so much easier.
543 Views · View Upvoters

Does Facebook let others know you have visited other’s proﬁles
frequently? I have had people I looked up and out of the blue
they send me a message. We have no common friends or
interests. I ﬁnd it very odd.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be your private settings.
If you check your setting, see if it’s public. Maybe that’s why everyone else can see
it, even people you have no common friends with or interest.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says: 'she's nice and kind but I
don't like her in that sense. Just not my type'? What does he
mean by not my type?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. He’s not attracted to her.
2. There’s no spark…chemistry..the “WOW!”
3. He cannot see himself getting sexually and romantically with her
4. He has a preference and she’s not it
5. She doesn’t blow him away
6. His heart doesn’t go BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
7. His head doesn’t imagine
8. His dick doesn’t say “HOLY SHIT! Go for it!”
Hence “she’s not my type.”
She’s just cute, ok to smile at, awwww, cute, friend, platonic but that s it.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is a guy you like going to confront you if you texted him telling
him how you feel about him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it’s local, like in same city, it’s best you talk to him face to face and if all well,
don’t leave it hanging. Suggest something to go out.
But texting a guy how you feel, for starters you are now packing a lot of emotions
in yourself waiting for a reply but face to face, you get a reply faster and he’ll feel
the same and won’t know what to say but you can help it along if face to face.
You miss out a lot when you do it by texting. You must the facial expressions, the
energy, tone, but most of all, ask yourself what does it say when someone text

something like that which is imporant?
I know you fear rejection and it’s nervous doing it face to face but do you for
example, want a guy to do that to you or want ot to mean something if it works
out,and there’s a story to it?
Guy’s are no diﬀerent. They want to feel special too. They want that more kind of
approach too. They want to feel you mean it instead of texing it like so lazy, like
anyone can do that.
You can do something about whatever happens next right there when you’re face
face. You can clear misunderstanding. You can put energy to it with physical
touch, a smile, a glow from your face, a gesture, eye contact, warmth.
You can talk right there. You can set both of you at ease with a smile, you can ﬂirt,
you can create a connection and that’s what it’s about…the connection. Making it
more fun, ﬂirty, he can see your smile and body language and you can see his.
So create that connection face to face if you’re both in same city.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Will my ex-girlfriend contact me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if she got a message from interstellar space from aliens saying they have
read your mind, and that you’re not over her, and you want her back.
If that doesn’t happen, don’t count on it.
Women also similar to men, want to protect their emotions.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What do you say to make someone happy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - You got accepted to Cambridge!
Sister - I DID? Holy shit!
Sister - Hang on! I haven’t applied to Cambridge
Me - You should. You’re smart ;)

You do it by revealing the gold inside of them, that they often don’t see within
themselves.
It doesn’t cost you money to do that.
That’s whats awesome about it.
You can go about seeing the gold in people and saying it.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is calling a girl your princess nice or not?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I never call any woman…
1. Princess
2. Or slut
3. whore

4. bitch
5. Slave
6. Naughty Girl
Except if they are my lovers.
See, how it is?
I call them that for a reason.
There is an already established connection, a foundation of understanding, trust
and it has been decided between us that this is so.
I am not being nice in pretense to get something.
So best you keep the princess word far away until she is dating you, has sex with
you, in relationship with you and knows when you say that word,it comes with a
history in which she understands,
“Yeah of course I am to him because there is a history of dating, love, relationship,
intimacy but only he can say that to me!”
Also no more Hollywood/Bollywood movies.
Oh yeah, no Zorrow movies or any oldies type or romance movies. This is the real
world and it doesn’t happen like it does in movies and romance novels.
Just for measure..
1. No lover letters
2. No guitar and singing outside her house either
3. And buying rings to impress.
4. No lots of phone calls and texts if her ex dumped her
Just for measure ;)
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says “you used to look good”?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means the guy is trying to devalue you.
Next time anyone says that then just reply when he says..
Him - You used to look good
You - Spec savers got a discount. Get your eyes checked with 10% discount.
Then smile, wink and walk away, like your reality is far bigger than anyone
judging you with their small pea size perception.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What is your opinion on the daddy kink?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I love it. It’s fun. Exciting and there’s a lot of growth happening. It’s very intimate
and a lot of trust both ways is happening. Very transparent and open and there is
no room for ambigiouity and looking for hints, signals.
The best is communication is amazing between us.

I’m called Master. Daddy. Sir.
The women love being called - slut, whore, bitch, my property, slave. It’s role
playing and get turned on by it.
And when I say those words, they love as they crawl down on their knees with
collar around neck and chain, sometimes two slaves at a time.
I have no problems with it because I have no SHAME.

EDIT…
Those who do also project their ignorance regarding this matter do feel shame
because they have been abused sexually or experienced other kind of trauma’s
that makes them feel shame, and try to come oﬀ to judge others to feel shame.
Not going to happen.
That is their shame their feel and their psychological script replaying in their
mind triggered by this question, which triggered their memories and feeling of
shame.
Ironic when you hear such opinions they always reveal they have been sexually
abused or gone through a certain trauma for them to feel shame.

If you are a woman and got questions maybe talk to Lexi McKane.
She’s a woman and I think you’d be far more comfortable asking her lots of
questions if you have any than another guy. I know it can be diﬃcult and you
want to feel comfortable.
She just joined Quora.
Just be patient as she has a busy lifestyle but she can ﬁll you in if you want to ask
questions from another woman who is a sub herself. You’ll get an inside real life
experience from someone who is with a dominant man.
I’m dominant and my lovers are submissive.
They love to be dominated, spanked in ass, whipped, tied up, pussy eating, all
kinds of kinks.
They had enough hiding in shame a guilt and being with men/women judging
them. They like the freedom and comfort that comes with being with someone
who is very open minded and conﬁdent, knows what to do. But you need to be
sexually conﬁdent and a lot of work from inside has already been done to an
extent you are willing to explore and experience the richness that come from
such an incredible relationship.
It’s not for everyone and that’s ﬁne but people need to reserve their perception
and not talk about something they themselves haven’t experienced and only
know what they see on 50 shades or mainstream media.
I’m the intense sexual dominate type.
Rough sex.
Not always but I love rough sex and dominating and so a woman needs to be
compatible in wanting this and is not nerved by it.
Or she won’t be with me as I like the full control and domination or forget it. I
can’t be who I am with her and walk on eggshells. I’m not that type of man nor am

I passive.
It’s also an amazing stress reliever and after they feel less stress, more relaxed,
incredible feelings and a boost of increased self conﬁdent, and self mage. They
feel stronger than women around them too.
Some were very passive in life but after time, they have said that due to being
dominated, letting go in being submissive, having that trust both ways,
experiencing so many kinks and experiences most just fantasize about, seeing
how they have grown so much….their self conﬁdence out there in the world also
has grown so much.
So much so that some of my lovers who used to let people walk over them, now
face them head on. Some of my lovers were passive but now they speak up and
direct when they want something or desire someone.
They also learned to…dominate in their world, and not in an aggressive way but
assertiveness because I teach that to my subs. I teach them many a things in
world, including psychology, about marketing, sales, winning in the world they
are in.
Some even learn to paint, design, write novels as I have many skills and so I
transfer these to any of my lovers who have a passion and if I don’t know, I know
many experts who do.
I’m about growth.I want my lovers to grow and enjoy, experience and access the
knowledge, skills and resources I have to better their own future if they desire so.
Some already have an amazing future and we work together in business and
interests.
They’ve also learnt how to attract women because they are also bisexuals and are
attracted to women, and they’ve been successful in doing so after some learning
and applying what they learn.
They’ve had fun experiencing sex with women they desire.
It is huge responsibility and it comes with growth
You’re going to grow and learn so much.
But most of all, every lover sees the best part of it is the aﬀection, the kindness,
the loving, the openess of our communication, the deep connection and how we
are all walking on the same path even if it’s a diﬀerent career or business.
It’s the freedom in being able to express so freely, talk about one’s own sexual
desires like it’s natural to being a slave, and a sub, without shame, without guilt.
It’s to be at a place in life and with someone who they can explore all their
fantasies and grow in conﬁdence, love for themselves, mindset wise and self
awareness.
They become stronger in many ways.
So my lovers call me Daddy. Master. Sir.
9.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys get oﬀended when I block them when they were
not even interested?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have same problem with women. I think it’s just like anything really, when you
are sitting somewhere and even if the person isn’t interested in you or you in
then, and you just ignore them instead of conversing.

Afterall social media is a social sites, which means being social but you can also
be social to whoever you want. Online the emotions get ampliﬁed higher.
I’d also have some conﬁdence in not worrying about it. I don’t.
I got too many friends oﬄine, and how many friends can you have anyway. I have
tons oﬄine and it’s really diﬃcult to stay in touch with all of them, so I started to
kind of narrow it down to a few and we meet often or chat on phone or we go out
in weekends and sometimes weekday.
I was laughing out loud other say about this where someone was like..
“Yeah but Narcissists only have few friends so they don’t want to get exposed.”
Made me roll my eyes at some people.
It’s like everyone now is a Narcisssits. If you don’t have friends, you’re a
Narcissist..
“Because they are afrid to be EXPOSED!”
No, it’s because most of us can’t really handle hundreds of friends who are not
really friends.
Can you imagine having my comment box open here. Christ, it be mayhem like
last time and those people who say,..
“OOoh I don’t follow people who disable,,”
They go and try write what I write and stick their head out and see if they fucking
like tons of spam, trolls and not only that, I got a life. If people want to waste time
debating on comment box be my guest but it consumes your time, and none of
these people give a shit to help build your goals.
Te ones does are behind the scenes working with me and my team.
That’s how I deal and that’s how serious people do too. Even my website, I will
have comments disabled. I don’t have much time.
I’m not 17 years old but 40s and got lots of resposibilities and having tons of
friends also for that is not productive.
No one can have tons of friends and keep it balances.
I mean look at how many followers I have on Quora.
On top, there are huge number of women as well who read but don’t vote and yet I
get lots of messages from them.
Why?
They are protecting their own emotions and always they are going to be this way
due to how it is in society, being dictated by society who to participate with,
engage with due to worry what someone else thinks of them.
This is ﬁne because this is what I want as it ﬁlters out people from who I don’t
want to really attract to the ones I want to attract.
I’m into people who live what they believe, live their desires, and so that then for
me narrows people I want to really engage with including women. Those who
don’t live by what they desire are not part of my world and I am not part of theirs.
In some good way, norms are there to diﬀerentiate who is really who. Those who
fear social peers show themselves to me in that way and those who follow their
heart, desire, lust, passion, whatever, don’t hide it.
I hardly know any of the people who follow me on here.

Maybe a few personally and I got lovers as well following me here.
I have four lovers on quora but I hardly know any of the rest of people who follow
and that’s how it is really in real life.
People see me with tons of people around me and think “WOW,” and I’m like, “but
they are not all really good friends, like people you’d bank your life on!”
Or they see me with lots of hot women and see me laughing, and joking around,
hands on waist of women, them on my ass, and the guys and women think..
“He knows a lot of women and all ﬂirting,grabbing ass, lissig women and they
kissing him, WTF, wow.”
They don’t see the bigger picture.
I’m known in these places.
These women trust me and known me for years and their friends, some are
fuckbuddies, some friends who if wanting sex, we have sex, no big deal, some I’ve
know through past relationships and became good friends, and some know me
from women who are their friends and so it’s easy for me to be in this
situation..now..today.
I also know the promoters, the night club owners, bouncers, dancers and dj’s, and
his took about 20 years work!
Its not “wow.”
It’s a lot of work people don’t see I have done over years and it wasn’t easy to do
but I only needed to do it once while many didn’t.
It’s not arrogance I don’t want more friends anymore or bothered to talk to
women online as much because time is precious.
And women are like that as well online.
If there’s no emotional beneﬁt for them or something, they don’t care. Same with
me as a man. Human nature.
This is why I don’t need to approach women anymore for dating.
It’s too easy now for me, which is why I did what I did.
It wasn’t some strategy, it’s just way it is. If you do a lot out there, connect, be
valuable, bring people together, well, that’s the results. I did many projects for
communities out there. I did many things with arts, music, technology, business
development, markeing, creating my own magazines and a lot more things that
engaged tons of people from average to high up directors.
But it is really diﬃcult having tons of friends online and oﬄine.
Time goes past so fast and I am not 17 anymore.
I am not 20 years anymore. I’m in my 40s and I’m not going to mess with my time
on any woman or anyone else for that matter.
You either got something for me or forget it. I’m not interested. Friends I already
got, and if I make more online, fair enough but I just don’t have time to talk,
debate blah blah. I need to do something, create, achieve something, or enjoy
pleasures or forget it.
And any learn from me, get the job done, stop asking too much questions due to
fear of getting it done or impatience in ﬁrst doing 2–3 years of that same work.
Nothing comes easy and nothing happens in a week or months.
So for me now, it’s about doing something.

If someone wants to do something and I am interested in it, awesome but I can’t
talk anymore. I’m sick of talking. I am a DOER!
Let’s do something.
Make value in this world. Create wonders in this world or let’s fuck, and have
pleasure but please, no more talking doing nothing.
So I limit friends online because of that.
I have to block women too, lots of them who just want a chat. Like I got all day to
chat about nothing.
They see my proﬁle and they think I want a chat or I’m going to give emotional
support, like I’m some nice guy ready to be a white knight!
The amount of women I have blocked online is a lot.
Online, your time can go really fast and you ﬁnd out hours have gone chatting
and you’ve not done your work.
The friends I have I want to enrich in what I do and make their life easier and I
enjoy dong that. I love it and I don’t want anything back from them. I just love
seeing them achieve because of my knowledge and their hard work. I’d turn
world upside down for my close friends.
So good for you for valuing your time and don’t worry much about what others
think. Respect people if they block you as well, as we all got diﬀerent values and
it’s just sometimes we don’t mix with some people due to that. Nothing really
personal but just that.
Just we had enough bullshit that makes us feel shit or it does nothing for our life.
No more.
I won’t take it seriously but see it as human nature.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mina Akbar

If a man likes you enough, can you have a relationship without
sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can say same..
If a woman love a man enough and she doesn’t want sex, is she going to have sex?
Ahhh, see?
Two can play that game.
Best for both and anyone, to always be honest, up front, say what one desires and,
looks for; no matter how hot a person is, how wealthy, how successful, how tall,
how sweet their ass, tits or if he has blue eyes and looks hot…
Always seek compatibility because..
The last thing we need in this world is another..
“OOoh this guy used me for sex.”
Number 1. Compatibility.
Billions of guys, lots of them and I guarantee you, there will be a guy who hates
sex, doesn’t want sex and even physical touch if you want to go that far.
But don’t ﬁx. Don’t try change a guy.

It ends in disaster.
Look for compatibility.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl says you have beautiful eyes, does she mean that
she likes me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you’re desperate for validation because if you really attracted to a girl,
you’d ﬂirt, and ask her out and forget the damn compliments you get.
Compliments don’t mean much. They are like freebies from Nandos. You’re there
and so they give you some.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Isn't he interested anymore? Was that just to make me feel good
but actually he isn't interested? (see comments)
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got your answer..
“After that I got passive replies to all of my texts and he didn't ask to go out
again.”
When a guy is really into you, he’ll not waste time, if it’s local. Long distance I’ll
understand but local, he’ll not waste much time.
That should for you make you think..
“It is not good enough for me, no matter how interesting he is. I’m going to keep
looking. We’re not exclusive yet and it’s too early for that.”
When you are experienced you know that you’re going to go through some people
until you get someone who clicks like you do with each other.
Or you’ll be wasting time waiting for one guy.
Best to move on.
7k Views · View Upvoters

Is being there submissive really turn them on or should I play
the dominant role because I’m dominant with girls mostly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am dominant and never will be submissive.
I don’t think “I’ll be submissive because it’s a turn on for the women.”
I think
1. I am dominant.
2. I will attract only the submissive women
3. The rest not interested at all.
That’s how I see it.
Compatibility.
Know what you want and stick with it and if any woman says she don’t like
dominant guy, then great. Bye, bye, you’re not compatible.

Seek compatibility always but you need to know who you are and what you want.
Not the other way round.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can a shy girl make friends with a quiet guy who keeps to
himself? He just listens to music and is quiet.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Walk and sit next to him.
Get your own music app out
Plug adapter in for headphone.
Have two set of head phone.
Bang them in the adapter
Nudge him.
Smile. Hand him one of the head phones and usher him to put it in his
ear.
You put yours in and he now will put his in to listen to your music.
Now do same to listen to his shit music and pretend you like it, nodding
your head, smiling “oooh wow! I didn’t know you’re into blah blah.”
There we go.
You can both listen together.
The start of friendship is just one set of headphones away ;)
For escalating for shy people..
You know his music and asked him
Now go and get music he likes
Put it in your app
Sit next to him again
Wink and smile
Follow above process again and..
And surprise! You took time to share music he’s into!
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sarah Toms

If guys don't check me out, does that mean I am ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. They know you want attention.
That’s why they don’t give it.
Most also fear rejection so they don’t check you out close.
Most also had enough of girls bullshitting like many women do on how they hate
men checking their asses out, so they are not going to bother checking out and
moving along to use….TINDER, OKCUPID and other platforms that makes it
easier and less melodramatic.
Plus we can block their asses online if they start acting like they are on a pedestal.
So it probably be that guys can see you but they are not going to give you the
attention because…you…don’t..give them…any.

We call this the Princess Syndrome.
You want a guy. Approach or stay virgin, single until your 50 ;)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

He said "good luck" after our ﬁrst date? We had a pretty fun date
and then when we said goodbye to each other, he said
"goodluck" at the end. Does it mean he's not interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Probably just nervous and kicking himself for not knowing what to say.
Or he seen your behavior, where you were behaving platonic, no hand holding,
ﬂirting, kissing, or anything as such but platonic. So he thought it’s not going to
go anywhere.
No one knows.
It can be anything and nothing.
You’ll know by calling or texting him..
“Hey (his name), I had an amazing time with you and I’d love to see you again. How
about this week? Maybe Wednesday or Thursday?” (your name)
That’s how you’ll know.
Try it.
You might get a surprise reply and ﬁnd out he wants to meet you again.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

When will sex start to feel good? I lost my virginity almost a
month ago, tried having sex one other time and I honestly don’t
get the hype. It feels terrible, like a chore I have to do with my
boyfriend so I put it oﬀ.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Change your boyfriend.
He’s not a lover type because if sex is a chore, then it looks like to me he is just
banging away, than really pleasuring you.
Sex isn’t getting naked and fucking
Sex is also about making you feel alive, outside the bedroom, so much so you are
so wet, wanting to have sex and when you do, you are getting pleasured in ways
that blows your mind.
Looks like to me, that isn’t happening at all and it’s boring routine, boring,
because all it is, an activity rather than making love, exploring, you growing, you
experiencing so much more.
That’s not sex what I am reading in your question.
Sounds like some exercise drills, like some job you do for the sake of it and not for
the love of it. Like a one way streak, where you give and give, and get nothing
back.
So you feel empty, you feel it’s a chore, you feel it’s just a routine, a thing to do not
something that your whole body is singing, and you cannot help, so lustful to get
your hands on your man and feel all that again and again.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if she's playing hard to get or she's not
interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You - blah blah let’s date
Her - Oh so busy. I have to visit the queen today for tea
You - Ok bye.

You - blah blah let’s go out this week. I know a great place blah blah
Her - Oooh I don’t know
You - I do. We’re done here. Bye

You - Hey, I had to come over and say this, I think you’re attractive but beauty is
so common and be great to get to know you better, over a drink blah blah blah
Her - Oooh I have to do my hair monady to Saturday, and Sunday I have to
masturbate as well.I bought me a new Wand Vibrator
You - I can eat your pussy, no problem. Love to!
Her - No, I am in love with my Wand Vibrator
You - Ok. We’re done. Bye.

You - Hey, what’s your number blah blah blah
Her - Oh I don’t have one
You - Ok. Bye.

You - Blah blah blah, so let’s go out together this week. What’s your number?
Her - I got a boyfriend
You - Ok. Bye
Her - I am only kidding
You - Then I am seriously saying BYE. Not into games.

You - Blah blah blah and we can go out this week. What’s your number?
Her - Oh I can’t because Aliens will land today.
You - Bye.

You - And your number is?
Her - I am lesbian
You - Bye

You - Yeah me too, I am into checking that place out. How about together. Whar’s
your number?
Her - Oh, my mummy and daddy says to watch out for guys like you
You - Huh?
Her - Yes you players, you bad boys
You - (roll eyes) bye.

It doesn’t matter.
It’s either a Fuck YES or FUCK NO.
If not, move on.
Think for yourself not…for…her.
She has her own brain and you got tons of girls to approach rather than wasting
time on one girl.
27k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my ex back in a long distance relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What's the best way to get your long distance relationship ex boyfriend
back?

1. List all the ways
2. Now go and do them
3. And keep any cocky superior attitude to yourself
4. You got one shot and if any of the ways you fuck up by acting all that,
well, forget your ex ever coming back.
That’s the best way….or “ways.”
People know when someone is just wanting attention and someone seriously in
love with someone to want them back.
The serious ones ﬁx the mess.
The ones who are not, apologizes to feel good about themselves and to score
points.
So whatever you do, make sure you’re ready to clean the mess up if you created
one because apologies these days mean nothing.
They are just words and doesn’t make anything better.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad that I'm obsessed with my girlfriends breast after 4
years?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not bad at all but do ﬁnd out if your grlfriend feels also ok about it. I would do
something diﬀerent, to show her, there’s more to her you like..
Here’s what I do..(bear in mind all women are diﬀerent so ﬁnd out if she likes
these actions)
1. Caress her face
2. Look at her eyes. What colour are they? Do you even know? Now tell her
she has gorgeous eyes. The eyes can say a lot about someone so what do
they say about her in a positive way you know about her. Mention her
traites, her inner beauty, the things she does.
3. Run your ﬁngers through her hair slowly
4. Cuddle, arms around her and stroke her ﬁngers and play with them as
you talk to her

5. Use only palms of your hands on hers and look at her, no talking, just
both look at each other. Be in sync together and really look inside of each
other. Be patient, it takes times.
6. Get her legs on top of yours as she’s laying down and massage her feet
and get her to same with you too.
7. Massage her head, shoulders. In fact go bare naked for her to be
massaged all over her body for 30 minues, nice and easy with fragrance
oils and chilled music in background. Tell her stuﬀ about what you know
about her, and stories how you ﬁrst met, and things about her
personality, about her life and about what you see in her.
It’s awesome to stay hot and turned on about your lover but also, let her know
there is far more to her you love and appreciate.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to still email a woman you are in love with (an ex)
after she tells you to leave her alone?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Respect her privacy.
Respect her space.
If someone tells you to not contact them, email them, then respect their wishes.
Of courses it’s wrong to keep on contacting that person.
Being in love with someone is no excuse and think that justiﬁes it.
Nothing justiﬁes it.
So the person needs to leave their ex alone if their ex has said to “leave me alone.”
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I spot a cheater on the ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can you spot a player on the ﬁrst date?

That’s very easy.
Walk into your bath room.
See that mirror?
Look at it.
There we go.
That’s a player if you want to see one.
As Shakespeare once wrote…
1 And all the men and women merely players;
2 They have their exits and their entrances,
3 And one man in his time plays many parts,
4 His acts being seven ages.

You’re a player who plays many parts….like everyone else.
;)
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you pick between 3 girls?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Walking over to girl one
Me - I like sex
Girl - You’re like a player, aren’t you?
Me - (getting my small note pad, scratching her name out)
Girl - WTF?
Me - Exactly. Now fuck oﬀ as I got to see the other two girls. Bye
Walking over to girl two
Me - I like sex
Girl - You’re a bad boy are’t you blah blah blah
Me - (scratch her name out)
Girl - You got to be kidding
Me - No. I am doing what you do inside your head but doing it in front of you.
Walking over to girl three
Me - I like sex
Girl - THANK GOD FOR THAT.
There we go. I choose her.
Now if someone acts smart and says what if all 3 say say they love sex?
No problem. We’re going to have an orgy.
;)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girl say, "You are too perfect for me"and not go on
a second date even though we had a great 1st date that lasted 5
hours where we danced and kissed quite a few times?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a pat on the shoulder, to lighten the blow of rejection.
In other words…
She is saying, there is no chemistry, it was just not there, no KABAM. It’s a way for
women to avoid awkwardness and conﬂict and then…not see you again to move
on.
I would move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

When guys ﬁnd out a girl likes them, what do guys do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he’s a boy in school he’ll probably tell his friends and do nothing about it. Like
showing oﬀ, all for validation from his friends.
Pretending he’s a lady’s man but fears rejection.
If he’s a man who is conﬁdent, high status, you need to be more direct because we
have no time for foolishness from women using words such as “like.”
Like what?
Like as a friend?
Like as “Phawwww, I am attracted to him!”

Like “I so want to ride his dick tonight?”
“Like “He makes me feel butterﬂies.”
Like what?
As guys get older they have gone through dating, relationship and have no time
for ambiguity, hints and conversation game.
Also many fear rejection and due to these days, none like to invest time on “like.”
It has to be solid, direct.
You like a guy, say in what way or just stay quiet if it’s leading to nowhere because
we’ll probably see it as attention seeking if it’s going nowhere. Or trying to show
oﬀ to your pack of friends or women at the bar, or social gathering.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

If you truely love someone and she loves you too, doesn't this
mean there should be no heartbreaks? If still there is heart
break, does that mean its not true love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is a fantasy, a myth that love is all sailing, that it comes with no heart breaks. Of
course it comes with heart break or how do you grow together? You meet
someone and you don’t know each other and for years there will be growth, some
misunderstanding and so on.
Love isn’t some piece of cake.
It challenges you both.
One thing one needs to know about love. It is not enough to make a
relationship stay strong.
You’ll meet someone who maybe very insecure.
You’ll meet someone who you ﬁnd through relationship they are not who they say
they are and are not compatible with you.
You’ll meet someone who thinks they are mature but really they are not. They
have a lot of growth to go thhough and so the timing was oﬀ in meeting you and
having a relationship with them.
You might meet someone who doesn’t give as much, who doesn’t show
vulnerability, who is ungrateful of the giving and so you will have to decide to let
them go.
Why?
Because love is not enough.
It needs a woman and man show vulnerability.
There is power in vulnerability.
There is strength in it and only the weak, the insecure, the ones who do not know
how to love or someone who is only good at taking, only good for infatuation
phase and then they stop giving and continues to do so, in which the other
person if they are conﬁdent, have high self image will let such a person go
because who wants to even bother being in relationship with such a person.
Love is not enough.
So lovers do sometimes quarrel.
Lovers do say things sometimes they wish they didn’t.

Lovers do sometimes get hurt and lovers do grow learning to forgive or learn to
move on. Some come back together and some never will.
Some wish they should have given more because they held back and were selﬁsh,
and even think te other person is wrong but realise…far too late sometimes, that
they themselves were in the wrong.
That they screwed up something beautiful and now they may never get this
person back. They don ’t realise until they live on and experience life and see for
themselves the shit that’s out there.
That’s why there’s the “the one who got away.”
You have to be smart and see it in context one is in as all situations are diﬀerent.
You’re question has too many holes and doesn’t explain the situation you’re
talking about to give a solid answer but in either case, love does not come with a
clause that there won’t be tears.
19.6k Views · View Upvoters

Ex-GF suddenly very interested in me, want's to talk all of the
time (about anything and everything), she has a boyfriend, she
dumped me, what is she doing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For emotional support. For attention. Because she knows she can. You’re always
available, ready for her whenever she wants.
It doesn’t matter why she does.
What matters is why are you giving her time of day. You can control yourself not
her so it’s not about her…but you.
So why are you doing it?
Why are you so available for a girl who dumped you?
That’s the real question there.
You’re time is valuable and she knows she can do this because she knows, she still
got your balls in the mix.
That’s why she’s doing it - for attention and because she can.
She gets from you what she doesn’t from him but that is all it is. Emotional
support and nothing else.
Remember, she broke up with you. She rides someone else’s dick and you know
that and she knows you know that.
How does that paint a picture of you to her?
That you’re always available for her and not busy dating someone else, and
having boundaries to let her know you’re not interested in hearing her life story.
She got a man for that.
You really want to invest lots of time on someone who dumped your ass and
riding some guys dick, and using you like a tampon for emotional support?
I’d not bother.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Which “Star Wars” character is your favorite? Why?
Adam Taha, I like watching star wars

Answered Nov 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am the dark side type of person. Rebel, dark, bad and yes, I love pain too
because pain is reality, it is certainty and it will always happen and always stay
with you.
Someone’s words about love is never certain and one way or another, they’ll
cause you pain and disappointments.
Many fear the uncertainty, unknown because they fear pain but I discovered
more of the gems in me, more of myself and even the true faces of people not in
easy times but in the diﬃcult times.
That’s when you know who is really who because it is easy to walk in the
sunshine, in then light and you think those with you are awesome but when then
shit hits the fan, you will see who is who for real.
It happens in the dark side not in the side of light but in the dark force of life
where truth is known.
How many girls you knew who were so fucking amazed about you and then give it
sometime, give it a ﬂaw, give it an imperfection, give it some whatever and
suddenly, you see who those girls really are?
How many times a guy was so nice, good, a nice guy, want to just be your friend
but then when you said no to his advances later on, he became worse than the
enemies you know. He became one helluva jerk?
In victory, everyone is your fucking friend.
When you gott ons of money, everyone wants a piece of your glory and all happy
clapping.
When you is skinny no one gave a shit but then from real life example, wen one
day I showed up, from a year or so in gym, and dressed like a fucking badass
motherfucker…oh yeah, now te girls full of shit wanted to know. Now they wanted
to get real with it.
Challenges in life are constant.
They are the only things that can also be certain but people are not even at the
best of times.
Only in the dark side, only when you look shit, only when you got fuck all, only
when world is on your shoulders, only when you seem to have nothing, you’re
going to know whose the fucking bitch and who is the real lover, and who is the
nice to who is the jerk.
Not when it’s sunshine. Not when it’s light.
No, you will know when you step into the dark force of life.
So if you want something reliable, think of a goal, a dream and it will challenge
you with many hooks from life, many challenges and tests to grow, and know
more of yourself…even…the dark side of yourself.
For me, my favorite character in Star Wars is..Darth Vader for the above reasons
and more…

When I say that to some friends, they always say..
“Why am I not surprised.”
In school, college and through life I was the dark type of guy, the wearing all black
style type of guy, the leather jacket guy, standing and leaning in corner with a
match twirling in my mouth not giving a shit about social peers.
Before that, no one gave a shit. Yes. not even the girls.
But one day I turn up like that, and I have hit the gym for sometime and built
status….now, all is diﬀerent.
This time, there was no mercy from me. None.
I’d torment the popular girls as I knew their games and they were easy to attract
because when you know their dark side, it compels them to go down on their
knees like your god of war, giving you a blow job and to fuck them in anyway you
desire, in ass, in pussy, in mouth and threesome too…. but nice…good…meh…
look around girls….you see that shit?
Boring, not exciting and even intimidated by you. Predictable!
So are your social peers.
They got a dark side too and they got a price. Know it, you get them. Don’t know
it, well, you work hard and not smart.
I didn’t need them and I never needed them as many try to ﬁt in, be accepted, I
believed in leading my life and it worked.
All I needed is to know their dark side and they came running.
You can achieve without kissing someone’s ass and nor do you need to impress a
girl, a woman to get laid, date and do whatever.
Just know their dark side. Everyone got a dark side.
People are more wary about good, nice, than bad. Bad you can see it. Bad, you
know it. Darkness you can trust. Dark is always direct.
You say no, reject, no problem.
The dark moves to another plane, another dimension, another person but nice,
good, will be bitching, crying over some girl or guy, and complaining about love
but not the dark force. No, not the dark knight.
It is what it is.
It says what it is.

It acts as it is.
It doesn’t say it is nice, good, to get into a girls pants. It doesn’t act like a white
knight to impress or to save a girl.
No, I never did any of that.
I’d be ﬁrst to throw her in ﬁring line so she can grow the fuck up and learn of the
dark side or stay put being nice, boring, predictable and chant “I’m an introvert,
no one understands me,” as if life gives a damn or anyone does.
Who gives a damn about someone’s pity party and..
“I don’t understand, what does it mean?”
What’s to understand?
Nothing. You want something, go and get it and not wonder who understands
you or does.
You don’t look for meaning. You create the meaning.
That is the dark side.
Being the dark one, the rebel is clear, knows what he wants and goes for what he
wants without apology or justifying to the crowd.
He doesn’t bitch about life.
He doesn’t wait for anyone to give him anything but goes for it and takes it.
He’s direct not like some pussy of a guy or women acting all covert.
“Booh Hooh, guys are all jerks!”
“Mummy! No girl likes me, why? Oh why?”
When he wants something, he has always been direct, he says what he wants to
say without ﬂuﬀ. He cuts through the bullshit and doesn’t give a damn who
believes or not.
You vote or not, you share or not, you join the battle or not, you join the gang or
not, you join his facebook page

or stay scared behaving good or not.

There is no ambiguity.
You’re either on this side or that side. Decide!
But with Darth Vader, as we see when he battles with Luke, he also has heart and
he is still human being with limitations too.
In the moment when his son needs him, when his son cries out to his father for
help, Darth Vader is in conﬂict and in that split moment, he ﬁghts for his son. He
does one act of good at the cost of his life and atones himself.
The Dark, the rebel, the bad boy may one day surprise you while every fucking
nice guy, nice girl lets you down in that moment in which you needed them. Then
and only then you see the…light for what it is.
You only appreciate the light when you have lived and tasted the darkness.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kloe Scott

Do you guys out there get hard when girls touch your thigh
underneath the table?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would advise any girl, women all over the world, to get oﬀ their pedestal right
now because…
Our dicks can get hard by anything.
So if you think you is walking showing your ass or stroking my thigh and I am
getting a hard on, and it’s some achievement…well..forget it.
If you think getting my attention is an achievement, well, fuck me, you got some
small goal in life because the damn siren of a police car can do that or the rustling
of newspapers in street.
Even the wind as I walk can give me a hard on.
Our dick can get hard by even the friction of our pants.
Yes. Sorry, It’s not a big deal you making a guy’s dick hard. No, because anything
can make a dick get an erection.
Even my facebook page

will give a guy a hard on and it will make most women

go “Mmmm, oh yes baby, I want some of that”
;)
59 Views · View Upvoters

As a woman, is it safe to be truly authentic and to keep an open
and loving heart with everyone (completely letting go of
judging others)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but..have boundaries.
Be loving, open heart but…have…boundaries. So if any step over them, you step
up and say “no.”
People will judge anyway and so will you.
But I hope you’re diﬀerent and you are self aware. Do have boundaries though.
There are some nasty people out there and they all look good, so nice, so kind, so
humanity but they are the most evil people you can ever imagine.
Know your boundaries well and let any know to not step over them. Educate
those around you of your boundaries.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lady Diin

There is this object in my math class I like and only one other
person knows about the crush on object. My teacher asked me
if I liked it and I blushed but then said no. How can I not get in
trouble for cumming on it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course they are not going to go “yes.” Just in case you throw it back at their
face with, “oh but only as a friend,”
It also makes the guy uncomfortable.
It doesn’t tell him how you like him. Do you like him as a friend? Or as a guy to
date? Forget the conversation game because you fear rejection.
If you are attracted to a guy say it..
““You know, at ﬁrst I didn’t know but as I got to know you, I like you more than a
friend. Like to meet sometime, this week?”

Then you’ll know.
But if he blushes because you asked if he liked you is because you pushed him in
a corner, and he’s thinking your playing with his emotions. He feels
uncomfortable.
Get to know the guy, ﬂirt, show him you are attracted to him and then do the
suggesting part in asking him out..
“You know, at ﬁrst I didn’t know but as I got to know you, I like you more than a
friend. Like to meet sometime, this week?”
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why are American girls so hot?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I agree. American woman are very beautiful but also, they are not unique and by
that I mean, it’s nothing new I haven’t seen elsewhere around the world.
I don’t see with eyes of emotional bias because from traveling around the world I
met women who are french, Brazilian, German, Arab, Indian, Chinese, Korean,
Italian, British, and so on, who are also very attractive.
It’s like sex and relationship models.
If you’re stuck in culture. a community, one environment and you don’t go out
and all you got is people around you, relatives, friends, cultural programming,
religion, parents, then your mind is closed. You only see what you’re used to. You
only think what you’re used to.
You only set in some way that is comfortable for you and so anything outside of
this world is strange, is unknown, is uncertain and is some kind of taboo.
But when you venture out from walking in the shadows of other people and the
comfort zone, your mind opens and my mind opened when I travelled to many
countries to such that even when the west thinks it’s so ahead and modern, it’s in
fact very far behind wen it comes to sex and many other issues.
Like I traveled once to a diﬀerent country and there are tribes and sex for them
isn’t taboo. There, young girls are with older men and it’s not seen as a taboo.
There, sex is natural and they love exploring.
The women are trained by other women on how to masturbate, how to squirt and
see it as divine pleasure. They showed me history of sex, history of sexual
positions way back in time, painted, sculptured and before even the time of ships
and engines of cars and planes.

They are also very honest regarding attraction.
They are not fools to believe it’s personality ﬁrst. They know what it is and they
know they got to educate their daughters and sons beause when time comes and
tribe get together for the cermony in which women men dance and wmen choose
or in other tribes the women dance and men choose, they got to exhibit power,.
status, strength, beauty, physical beauty and they give it all they got in that day
where hundreds of them appear.
If they fail in that moment it is failure for the…rest…of…their life!
They are so open minded and it’s a diﬀerent world. I go back to London or I go to
Paris, and very diﬀerent.
The so called modern world seems so far behind even with all the technology and
access to the internet and information, it is bewildering and sad.
I see people cannot even be honest about what they are really attracted to and
talk about personality.
Go ahead, as a woman what she FEELS when she sees a hot man. She is never
going to say personality but her heart races, feeling butterﬂies.
Even here on Quora, it’s so backward some of the mentality of people it’s baﬄing
and most of them live in USA, England, Germany, Paris, Italy. For pete sake,
France suppose to be way ahead in sex and yet, I see french people on this site
acting all “Oooooh.”
America suppose to be leading in sexuality but no. I see more Americans so
closed minded about sex, about women approaching men than anywhere else
and same goes for England.
So what you have is emotional bias.
If you got is a TV and movies, and you’re in India or some other country, away
from America, you’re going to think hot women are all in America.
In London, I live in a multicultural community and so I see many women from
diﬀerent communities, cultures, races and you’ll see beautiful, hot, sexy, pretty
and cute in England too, in Switzerland, Germany and in every country.
Also American can mean many things as there’s diﬀerent races, cultures living in
the country like England..
You can see beauty, pretty, sexy, hot from from all around the world…

As you can see, if you was in America or in England, you’d see people from
diﬀerent cultures and though they maybe British or American citizens, they all
come from diﬀerent cultures.
You’d see the same in many countries. Beautiful, hot, sexy or cute women and if
you’re into men, then men too.
But if you’re like most people, haven’t gone out of your comfort zone, well, your
mind is limited and what you have seen is limited and what you have
experienced is limited.
Much of it will be what you only see in Movies and Magazines.
Credit : Images from Pininterest
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are your reasons for not wanting to date women with
kids?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I don’t want children. I’ve already been there in past marriage and not
going to want anymore children and certainly, not someone else’s
children either.
2. This is something I hear and read every-time on dating proﬁles. It’s ﬁne,
I understand but…it doesn’t need to be said because we know but it’s a
fact and it’s a turn oﬀ for me…
“My kids will always be the top priority in my life and that will never

change…”
Right oﬀ the bat I get the raw deal from day one. So then, does that mean
I don’t make her a priority. Hey, don’t misunderstand me, I understand
they have a child, and in a delima when it comes to dating but when I
know I am not a priority, and even hear it or read it on a dating website, it
is a big turn oﬀ. Moving on.
3. I am not dating a single woman but a family, and so a lot of…
“Oh sorry, can we take a rain cheque, my daughter is ill.”
“Oh I can’t make it today, my son is now ill.”
“Oh my god, I am so sorry, I am so tired today, I had to blah blah and blah
blah and I am so tired now…”
Makes dating diﬃcult and so lots of plans never happens. Had that
before, from real life experiences. So not going there again.
4. Mothers also bring the ‘daddy issues.’ He’s going to be in the picture and
sometimes, it brings drama.
So these would make a man think twice and why date a mother when I can date
someone who hasn’t children, young and so on. I don’t have to invite the above in
my life.
I know, sounds harsh but that’s how it is.
51 Views · View Upvoters

Is it mean of me to tell guys that I like them and hang out with
them for awhile with no intention of developing a relationship
with them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know you’re leading them on.
You’re conscious is saying so. So be straight up in saying to guys…
“As a friend not romantic.”
Or you’re leading them on.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can a man make a woman pregnant, marry her pressured
by the family and friends and divorce her only because she is
doesn't look beautiful? Does it happen in real life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it happens.
I’ve seen this also happen a lot in arrange marriages.
From the question, they both met, there was sexual attraction but it’s not love.
One must be able to diﬀerentiate sex from love, and most people just can’t get
their heard around how these two are very diﬀerent.
I get it from many…
“How can you have sex with someone you’re deeply emotionally connected?”
Well, most people don’t need that deep emotional connection to have sex. Most
are mature to know sex and love is diﬀerent.

Also love is not enough and having a child doesn’t ﬁx anything else.
So the marriage was due to falling for the pressure of family and friends, not
because they loved each other.
What he said was harsh but he was frank. He wants to move on and he is not
sexually and romantically attracted to the woman.
I know many women do that too and not even in arrange marriages. Some worse.
They met some guy at work.
Yes, sadly, it happens in life.
I hope he takes responsibility with the child and she also doesn’t make it hard on
him as well with using the child as a weapon.
They have to now think of the child. Even if they divorced, to not project hate or
anything to hurt the child, which some people do and it’s not fair on the child. So
I hope they are mature about this for the sake of the child.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ana Starinskaja

The girl I like rejects me romantically. When, if ever, is it wise to
continue being her friend and forget about dating or insist to
be romantically involved?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on.
It’s not good for you mind wise and health wise to be friends wth girls you are
sexually and romantically attracted to.
I never do that. There is no point.
You only torture yourself and so, there is no continuing anything.
Move on and approach someone else and insist nothing. You don’t need to
explain to any girl why you’re not going to be friends after rejection. They are not
entitled but if you must just say it’s not what you are looking for.
Move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jose Guerrero

I’m a guy and I recently became friends with this girl. We barely
talk in person and she never texts me ﬁrst. When I text her she
talks about a guy she likes all the time. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You give her attention but you do it because you want something. You’re
infatuated by her and you don’t say and pretend to be nice, a friend.
2. Only a girl thick as a plank who lived in a cave all her life would talk
about some infatuation regarding another guy if see’s into you or she’s
insecure and does it to create attention from which both are not good for
you.
3. It’s clear she is not sexually and romantic into you but another guy.
Best you move on.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How should I block my parents from accessing my public blog?
I'm an adult and sick of being watched and explaining myself.

My blog is also “an adult”.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You can either get a job
2. Move out
3. Have your own place
4. Now you don’t have to be watched and explain yourself because end of
the day it’s their house, their rules.
5. Or you can also…learn to make your blog private and keep your
username and password to yourself
These are the only options you got.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is something conventionally unattractive that YOU ﬁnd
attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stretch Marks/Very visible Birth Marks…
Some women worry about stretch marks or some let’s say had an operation on
their breasts or other part of body and it’s left a mark. They think it might be a
turn oﬀ for men but for me, I ﬁnd them attractive. One woman had a mark she
was hiding using her scarf. It was where the cleavage is and she said something,
and I’m Gemeni, and can feel something, and so I said..
“I like your scarf but…why wear it right now inside as it’s warm.”
She was a bit nervous but she slowly took it oﬀ and watched me carefully haha,
but I smiled and said..
“See, you feel better don’t you.”
“Yes but…”
“I know but that’s part of you, your beauty and if any man doesn’t feel so then he
shouldn’t be sitting with you.”
So stretch marks/birth marks, or due to genetics and don’t have to be small either
but large.
I once dated a woman for 8 months who had half of her face down to her neck
marked in which one face was all pure white pattern. I didn’t care. She was sexy,
fun to be with, amazing sex and she spoke my emotional language. She knew how
to turn me on and knew me well, very submissive but…she was so insecure about
large mark it caused problems for us by her own behavior that love wasn’t
enough. I can’t change anyone and I had to let go and move on.
I met her 4 years later, she grown but attraction now for me was gone though we
are still good friends and she knows, it won’t be the same. The lack of conﬁdence,
the drama left a bitter taste for me.
But we’re still friends.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Taylor Gill

How do I deal with a hot girl who always ﬂirts with me during
class but loves somebody else and makes out with him after
class?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You deal with your craving for validation. You know she’s got somebody else but
yet you don’t set boundaries. If they are monogamous and so are you, then forget
making a move or doing anything.
Instead do this…
Her - (ﬂirting)
You - Desperate for attention are we?
That’s all it needs.
Avoid making it easier for her because it makes you feel like you got some hope of
dating her or your ego being stroked.
I don’t blame women for ﬂirting with me.
I personally ﬂirt back and escalate the fuck out of it or if I am not interest they’ll
see why I am a bad body. I usually tell them to,
“Can you fuck oﬀ out of my face?”
I don’t mind being an asshole to women. I’m no gentleman and fuck being one
either. I’m not interested in being one.
If any invades my space, I’ll let them know.
Women can’t do shit to you except if you let them and if you’re craving for the
need for validation to stroke your ego.
You take responsibility only for your own behavior and actions, You can’t take
responsibility for anyone else’s.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What’s the best way to overcome writer’s block?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Nov 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Don’t ﬁght it.
2. Get away from the writing or computer
3. Go out and live
4. Take a walk through nature
5. Go and observe people living
6. Relax and chill and forget about writing
7. And do far more living, relaxing and you may ﬁnd just an hour of that or
a day, will relax your mind and then your nervous system to have ﬂood of
ideas ﬂowing through.
In other words, don’t force it.
Moment you force it, is only going to get you lose then joy.
Personally, I have never got writers block. I wish I can stop my mind as I got so
many ideas, it’s crazy but the secret to this is…
I have lived the most dangerous, exciting, adventurous life than any of my
relatives and friends and people I know around me.
They don’t know because I lived a double life for years (long story for another
time).
In the day I am some ordinary guy, teacher, or youth worker, or manager, but
when that clock hits 6pm…the other part of steps up, and the adventurous began.

You won’t even recognise me. Complete transformation.
I won’t trade my life for anyone and not for even Hollywood celebrities. I have
had an incredible exciting life with lots of ups and downs but one helluva life.
So when you get that writers block, don’t knock it.
Appreciate it. Listen to the feed back.
Put your jacket on.
It’s time to leave the desk and go out and experience life. Be like the character,
Sherlock Holmes. Observe people, life and breath it all in.
Do something diﬀerent.
Take your mind oﬀ it rather than forcing it.
You’ll be glad you did.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

A Woman asked my guy friend to take her on a date and
expected him to pay for everything. He decided not to take her
and she called him selﬁsh. Is he wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re friend was fortunate enough to be smart and not even bother with her.
She’s a jerk who is on a pedestal. If he went on the date she would have walked all
over him with her self righteous bullshit.
She was looking for someone passive to walk all over.
That’s one of the red ﬂags to stay way because her behavior already demonstrated
how much fucked up she is and will be in a relationship.
He did right.
Imagine the hell he escaped from ;)
Get a drink, have a party and celebrate the escape from the witch of Ozland ;)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a good website to look at tattoo ideas and meanings? Is
there a need for a well-organized and personal tattoo idea
website?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t think there are speciﬁc website for that but there maybe websites on
fashion or style that have done articles on this for example..
24 Mindblowing Tattoo Designs For Girls
100 Popular Tattoo Designs and Meanings for Men & Women
20 Small Tattoos With Big Meanings
I doubt there be a supply and demand big enough for you to turn it into an
income to survive on if you lead it with this as a main source of income for the
website. I would suggest thinking more out of the box to solve a problem.
Where the website focuses on the biggest questions and worry for people who
want to tattoos is where to get them done as it can get messed up, it can do
damage if not professionally done.

What I am saying is, you need to do your market research for your answer. I
cannot answer and nor one else can because when I answer such a question it
takes a lot of time, resources, even money to do the market research and
measure/test if there is a supply and demand big enough not to just generate
income but also for growth.
For example the website I am designing and launching has clients already from
all over the world and I am making income before I ever designed it because I
focused ﬁrst it market research, in measuring and testing, in strategy, concept, a
lot of work before hand and yes, I would have scrapped it if the measuring nd
testing brought back zero result or not big enough or approached it in a diﬀerent
angle and again go through process in market research, measuring and testing.
Because I don’t ave a corp ration of a big massive team it takes longer but the
planning is all worth it and since I am earning good money, I am braver, more
vocal in my sexual digital and physical products which has it’s on strategy that if
any copy, will ave to go much pain as I did and I know people lazy to do that.
So…I would do your due diligence in researching the market and test before
investing money and lots of time on something that might not generate income
because whatever website you do, it needs to be done professionally, it will needs
investment and your time.
I won’t rely on people saying there is or there isn’t market because people will say
all sorts but market research, measuring and testing will reveal a crystal clear
answer for you.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kelly Spears

There is this guy in my class who calls me his sister and hits on
my friend intentionally. Why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you mean “what he thinks about you?”
He can approach anyone, even your friend. He’s not sexually and romantically
attracted to you. He sees you as a friend, nothing else. That’s what “like a sister
means.” He’s not attracted to you in a sexual and romantic way.
He’s attracted to your friend not you.
You’re just his friend.
Let it go. He’s not attracted to you and hopefully you don’t get in way of your
friend too if he is going to approach and spread some false rumours.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How did you lose your best friend?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To depression.
I tried all I could but everything just fucking failed. We worked together in the
music industry and we record album together and was ready to be signed up.
I got a call, he overdosed and was found dead in his ﬂat by his mum.
Though the record label still wanted the tracks we did together, and they were
willing to pay me a lot of money, I said no due to deep respect for his family. I
packed everything, 10 years of work and handed it to his mum.
And turned my back away from the music industry.

I couldn’t sing until another 5 years but it was still hard because I sometimes sing
on stage, and I’d then turn round forgetting, he’s not there with the drums but
someone else.
It’s not the same anymore. It wasn’t the record deal or money that we were after.
It was the journey as friends and fun, the sex with we had wth women, the
parties, the laughs we had together and sitting outside when everyone is gone,
chilling and he’d always say..
“You’re the only guy I know who doesn’t drink and who brings his own ﬂask of tea
to the gigs and parties. Hahaha. You’re a funny bastard.”
It’s true. I don’t drink.
His name - Johnny.
This answer is for you mate. Genius in music and died too young.
Depression. It’s a deadly bitch.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy ignore my question “what do you like in a
girl” and then change the topic?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….
“Yeah right. I say what I really like, you’d fucking judging me as some fuckboy, a
player, bad boy, shallow. No thanks. Changing topic!”
Rule 1…
We don’t trust when you ask questions like that. We know, what you say is
diﬀerent to what you mean. The girls before you have proven that a million times
over. So we will change the topic.
Rule 2
Never forget rule 1 and if you’re attracted to the guy, cut out game out and
chase….and just ask the guy out.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How would you describe the Quora community?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The New Age Spartans.
Soon we will battle the greatest army to come while some of us will be munching
on pop corn, or drinking our 10th coﬀee or tea, as we crack our knuckles, and
hammer at the keyboard.
Some of us will fall and you’ll never see them again.
Like great warriors of men and women, we will embrace whatever battle you
bring and wthout censoring, no problem because we can take whatever you dish
out on here, so bring it on.
Yes, anything, bring it out because we don’t fear indiﬀerence!
We don’t fear if you’re horny as hell and you write horny stuﬀ. We don’t fear your
political stance or nor can you oﬀend us with anything on here.
No, we are not going to say “objectifying!”

No, fuck that!
We’re not hypocrites are we now. It’s not like we masturbate about someone ugly
do we? It’s not like we fantasies as we masturbate wth hands or women with their
sex toys, thinking of some ugly dude, or ugly girl?
No, women fantasize the most craziest shit you’d ever believe, objecting
everything, yes, the body, ﬁgure, back, dick, the whole lot, even the hair and eyes,
and muscles or no muscles. Whatever ﬂoats your boat.
No, we are not bullshitters are we? No, we embrace our good and bad, and our
natural basic instincts.
No, we’re not hypocrites and going to bullshit ourselves, are we?
We seen it all! Yes ALL!
So our emotions shall not be stirred but we are like steel, and whatever answer
you write, none shall be censored because we got spine, backbone, balls to not
fear what you show and write.
Yes, we are the new age of SPAAAAAAARTANS!
And together, we will rage and take the enemies spoils, we will drink till the sky
burns and the stars sing of our victory.
There is no political correctness here!
No, not here!
Here’ no one censors because here, people are so intellectuals, there is no
insecurity whatsoever for someone to write whatever they want and in way they
want as an answer, and everyone will be secure about it.
That’s right!
We are all above all that. We have propelled into the future. We are not of our
ancestors and of the ancient.
And….
Hang on a minute…who the fuck collapsed my answer?
Adam Taha's answer to Be honest, what do you personally care more about, looks
or personality?
Forget the Spartans part. Yes, forget what I wrote here for this answer.
I take it all back. I’ve changed my mind.
We got a long way ahead yet. Jeesh, a long way ahead.
;)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

My ex boyfriend is sending weird signals. He acts like he hates
me and then he says I'm the greatest person ever. How do I get
him to stop?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Mixed signals is always for people looking for hope to get back in the sack. It is
the expectations that frustrate or you’d have done these following steps already…
1. Told him to shut the fuck up as you’re not interested and to move on.

2. If he persists….block his number and no, you don’t need to tell him what
you’re going to do. Just do it.
3. Deleted it as well as no use saving it except if you got “hope,
expectations.”
4. Blocked him on all social media sites
5. And never communicate with him
There we go.
No more…mixed signals ;)
2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to ﬁght for your love, even if it is over for her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll open the door, suit case already packed for her and I’d say..
“Have a nice life.”
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the diﬀerence between Quora and Facebook?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Facebook = when you got nothing to say but you just share fun. Many use for
friends, relatives to stay in touch and gossip. You can use it for business but you
need a whole lot more than a facebook page for that.
I use facebook for fun and being outrageous with hot sexy photos about being
sexy, kinky, domination and it’s aligned to what I am into and about.
I can’t put much of what I want on here due to some policy and some folks also
take shit too seriously. So conservative and well, you know how it is when you got
downvote buttons and all that jazz.
So my values shared there and make sense to what I am doing here. I am creating
my world and one day lead to my website for people similar, like me, who love
being kinky, sexual, fun and enjoying being me.
The message is clear to attract same opened minded people.
Have a look

, I doubt most men and women have balls to join. Their social peers

might be watching ;). They will let go one day, when most realise on who is
watching hem - if they don’t lift you up, are not part of helping you build your
goals, dreams…or just friends who love you for who you are - they not worth
thinking about anyway.
Which is a positive for me because I know I’ll push away those not serious or
worried what others think of them and attract only the rebels,the sexy, the sexual,
the incredible, the amazing, the kinky, the fun and the real deal!
People I love to get get to know.
Talk is cheap end of the day. Decide who you are and live it. Freedom!
Quora = when you got tons of knowledge and you got a lot of value and a lot to
say. Those who haven’t will bugger oﬀ soon enough…back to facebook because
they just want attention - votes.
They won’t be consistent on quora.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does a girl mean when she says "I do value you"? We have
been talking about a year.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a pat in a back to cushion the rejection.
She knows you’re attracted to her and so she gives you a pat, a stroke, a gentle
rejection to avoid conﬂict and awkwardness.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't we be able to express our love and emotions to
someone you love the most, although you have strong desire to
do it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Because love isn’t enough
2. It takes vulnerability to express your love and emotions
3. It’s not enough to say you can’t. You learn if you love the person.
4. It’s not enough to say you don’t know how. You learn
5. Or you’ll ﬁnd out that the other person is expressing daily, consistently
and you are not, which makes that person feels empty
6. You cannot say anything when that person had enough of this behavior
and moves on, even without saying a world and blocks you from their
life.
It’s not easy giving to someone and they do not give back. It’s emotionally
draining and it hurts deeply.
No one deserves that kind of treatment and sure, one is scared of being hurt,
scared of being vulnerable but what it demonstrates to that person is you don’t
trust them and since you don’t, games happen, and they can feel it.
You’re value in their eyes goes to zero and now, you get treated like they never
known you, a stranger, like everyone else because you treated them like everyone
else.
You don’t even treat your close friends that way and yet, this is someone you
suppose to love and in relationship with!
So that also says “I am not a priority to you and you are then not mine.”
People who don’t express can say it’s their language, but a language is taught and
learnt, and books out there for that as well as the internet… and if a person is
unwilling to learn this language in a way it shows to other person they are
expressing emotions, love and desire to them…they will see nothing but your
betrayal of their trust and giving to move on.
Everyone is scared,
Everyone got hurt somewhere down the line but some of us take then lessons
from it and grow.
Some of us don’t see that as a reason to hold back due to fear of getting hurt again
when that person is giving a lot. Instead it is a reason to be appreciative, grateful
and thankful in a selﬁsh world, someone is giving love, is giving their time,
emotions, attention from their busy life to someone they love.

They didn’t do anything wrong and yet they get treated that way where the other
person projects their insecurities on them.
They are the present, they can also be the future but they are not the past, so
don’t treat them as your past…or they will treat you as their past.
And any big words, apologise to say you move on because they slammed that
door shit means nothing to that person. Now you’re talking, now you’re
expressing, now, but it’s to late. That actually shows to the other person it was all
an excuse. You just do whatever when ut suits you.
Before you couldn’t string a sentence but now, well now you can write a thesis
and a big story as an apology.
People. They say they wan love, bitch all day on how no one loves them, how
everyone takes advantage of them, how their friends use them and yet, moment
love comes to them, they do worse than whoever they talked about. They do
exactly what they don’t want someone to do to them and worse.
Then they act like they dumped the person when they got blocked, left behind to
be in their attention seeking life but that person who has moved on is far stronger
because that person has empathy, they love, they are unique, they give a lot and a
lot of people in this world don’t.
So when they appear, don’t take that person for granted or you’ll see soon enough
when all your friends are gone, people are busy, you’re not in your day job, and
living your life to ﬁnd…what you had back then was rare.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does this hot girl sometimes ﬂirt with me in class and a
second later makes out with her boyfriend? It's confusing and
makes me feel sad.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…she loves the attention she gets from you and you’re easy for her to do
all that because you think you got a chance with her.
She knows it and…she like every girl who knows what they are doing.
Playing with you.
1. She uses you for self esteem booster
2. She uses you to make her feel she can still do whatever she wants with
guys
3. She uses you for attention and showing everyone else she can get your
attention
4. She’s pulling your strings for her satisfaction
5. Then she will feel so good about herself and ride her boyfriend’s dick.
It’s like girls on facebook, posting selﬁes, doing all that sharing about their “oooh
look what I achieved,” and complimenting other people, to get attention, to make
everyone give these girls lots of energy, lots of self esteem boosting.
Doing all those sharing photos black guys, black girls, or tough white guy with
tattoo, or bad boys, or so into hot guys, or so into sport guys, or “look I’m smart
and achieve blah blah in college,” and “oh look at my new car.”
It’s all about getting attention but in real life, in love, in dating, in whatever…they
complete shit at it.

Attention is your most valuable commodity and you are giving it to her like it’s
cheap, like it’s nothing to you when it’s very valuable
So next time she ﬂirts, let her know “desperate for attention, are we?”
Keep doing that, it always works.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Gary Williams

What does it mean if you tell a guy it’s over and he just says 'if
that is how you feel' and hangs up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, if it’s over fair enough….
But..
If it’s not, he’s not going to beg for her pussy, ass and tits, and put her on a
pedestal and supplicate to her, chasing her, explaining, convincing her.
Now she has time, like most, to post on facebook pretending to be happy and
busy, saving the world and she’s not fazed about it..when she is.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be fair to let a guy know you like them, but you can't be
together because the last guy you liked hurt you in the worst
way? You want to acknowledge their feelings, and give you and
them closure.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Stay away.
That’s a game of the heart. Don’t play with someone’s heart, If I was the guy, I
certainty would not want you to say a damn word if you’re going to come out with
all that kind of talk.
Keep it to yourself.
Leave him alone and do not say a word to him and go and sort yourself out. You
got work to do with yourself.
He doesn’t need to know if you are not going to follow through and start
projecting past experience, danging expectations like a carrot.
That’s playing with someone’s heart.
You’re not doing him any favors but yourself.
Go and see a therapist or sort whatever you experienced in past yourself and say
nothing to him.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

When a guy has a crush what does he fantasize about? Does he
think about spending time with her and having sex with her or
are his thoughts purely sexual?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. To look in your eyes and see you craving for him
2. To hear your words and it’s all about him
3. To dance your ﬁngers on his hands and up his arms, and whisper in his
ears the naughty fun words

4. To hear the admiration and that you trust him
5. To feel you close, closer…closer to him
6. To feel your lips pressed on his
7. To hear about your passion and interest
8. To hear you love his passion and interest
9. To feel every curve of your body and hearing you crave for him
10. To never hear you disappointing him with pain and hurt
11. To hold your hand as he walks with you and you are smiling proudly
12. To ﬁnd you surprise him, pinning him to the wall
13. To feel your hand stroke his cock and challenge his sexuality rather than
question his
14. To see you dancing in front of him even if you’re goofy at dancing, he’ll
see it perfection
15. To hear you say all his ﬂaws are your perfections
16. To feel you arousing him like a lioness who owns her sexuality
17. To never question that he’s about sex or your like the fucking rest
18. To never dangle sex like a carrot or you’re worse than the rest
19. To hear you one day say but mean it….
“I…love…you” and to repeat it a hundreds times as you ride him through
the night and in all the positions your hearts desires…”
20. To be able to say to you “Something is wrong, are you doing something to
hurt me” and you calm him, with no guilt and listen to his worries and
show him love like he has never got from anyone
21. To never be treated with silent treatment for a day or so after he has aired
his feelings to you
22. To caress his tears away when he cries and knowing he can be vulnerable
to you
23. And when he fuck ups once and disappears into the naked eye of the
storm, believing you shall never ﬁght for him…you surprise him like a
warrior coming to burn heaven and hell just to show him you love him
24. To hold you close and just kiss you
25. To hold you close and run his ﬁngers through your hair
26. To bring you closer and hold you
27. To whisper in your ear, “I…love…you.”
21k Views · View Upvoters

How should a guy react to a girl insisting on paying for dinner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do guys feel about a girl who insist to pay on a date?

Girl - I’ll pay
Me -It’s already paid
Girl - Already?
Me - Yeah, I know the owner. So it’s sorted.
Girl- Oh ok then…be right back (goes to toilet)
Waiter - is everything ﬁne sir

Me - Yeah, here, for the bill and keep the change. Wonderful service.
Waiter - Thank you sir.
;)
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can we deﬁne a girl who likes to ﬂirt with all men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What we see in life and others doesn’t depend on the person we are looking at
and judging. Any fool can do that.
It all depends on the clarity of the window through which we look.
And if you look real close, you will see not the girl but only your own perception,
insecurities, culturally programmed mind.
You don’t deﬁne her.
You mind your own business as she minds her own.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why are blondes so beautiful?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For the same reason diamond is a woman’s best friend…
1. Societal conditioning and Marketing using all kinds of tools such as..
2. Children story books
3. Hollywood = movies
4. Comics
5. Magazine covers
6. Music videos
So repetition of these on and on showing white blonde women plays a major role
in that.
6k Views · View Upvoters

If you have a sister, does it become easier for you to talk to girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not a chance. I have four sisters and it didn’t become easier to talk to girls
because of that. It became easier because I wasn’t over thinking about ot and
went and did it time and time again until I get better at it.
1. Does sitting with someone who is good at coding make you conﬁdent in
diﬀerent computer languages and coding?
2. How about sitting with a painter? Does it make you conﬁdent in the sill
skill to paint amazing paintings?
I have many guys who hang around me and for years years they’ve been hanging
around me and did fuck all, and it is still diﬃcult for them to talk to women but
only because they do not try. They fear rejection too much and their lack of self
worth inside them and putting women on a pedestal is what gets them
I have two secrets…

The ﬁrst…
“What’s the worse that can possible happen?”
And I go for it.
The earth hasn’t swallowed me up yet, then labels of player, bad boy, assole, jerk,
hasn’t stop me getting laid eating and pounding pussy and ass, and the more
feminist books on shelves and blogs and also hasn’t eﬀected me either. Nor has
my ahe either. I am in 40s and still attract a lot of young women.
So next time think this..
“What’s the worse thing that can possible happen.”
The second secret and his is a big one..
The girls you see are insecure, so insecure, ﬁlled with fear you won’t believe, so if
you think you are nervous..believe…they are nervous too.
Don’t fall for their big mouth and all acting like they it.
They are worried, lack conﬁdent, low in self esteem themselves, insecure about
their body and looks, and all kinds of shit.
Just like you are and everyone else.
That’s your edge.
It’s a skill. You earn it. It’s not given to you to by association.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

I am male guy but I am still asking, what is the diﬀerence
between cuteness and hotness?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Cute - you’d like to squeeze those cheeks of hers awwwwm looks innocent, naive
and just you want to cuddle with…

Hot
She is physically attractive and last thing you want to do is squeeze her cheeks.
You’re not going to go “awwww,” but “she’s hot.”

Cute can also look hot. Here’s an example…

9.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best tattoo design you have ever seen?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Updated Dec 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was at the wedding party and I was itching to leave after just 5 mins being there.
One young woman aged 19 walked up to this 40’s year old guy and said..
Her - Hey, someone asked for you, they are outside
I walk out and no one is there but she taps me on shoulder and realised what was
going on. Very creative move. She used what is called the ‘Isolation technique.’
You move the person from the one place to somewhere else, away from noise,
prying eyes, to be alone to talk.
I loved her conﬁdence. Women older than her don’t show this conﬁdence and
here we have a 19 year old who is conﬁdent in going for what she wants, and
smiling, fun and creative.
I’m not attracted to women who are not conﬁdent and who stay in comfort zone
staring or reading someone’s work, or want to but don’t take action or dance
about with words. I’ve always valued courage a lot.
After some ﬂirting and talking, she says…
Her - Like to meet tonight? And if you’re wondering that I’m going to waste your
time…then I was thinking we can….
She looks back to see anyone coming and then lifts her dress up. High up on one
of her thighs she had similar to this one..

On the other side she had similar tattoo to this one…

It is still one of the best pick up line a woman ever done to me.
Mastery in ﬂirting.

She didn’t make it complicated. She showed in real live example what it looks like
to know what you want and go for what you want.
And it worked.
Credit: Images from Pinterest right here…
674.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad that my boyfriend wants sex but I am not really ready
for it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you are not ready and want to wait, it’s your choice, nothing bad about it but
don’t go oﬀ judging the guy if he walks away either as that’s his body and choice
too. He has his needs and he’s ready so it’s best he ﬁnds someone compatible to
him if he’s unwilling to wait.
Nothing bad about boyfriend desiring sex as that’s his need but if it’s not yours,
and you know it’s his, and it’s very important to him…best you ﬁnd someone else
compatible with you.
It’s why I don’t date women who are “not ready for sex.” To me a relationship is
sexual and romantic, not one part when someone feels like they ready. They are
either into me, with all of their being or not.
EDIT..
By the way, don’t fall for the bullshitt“if a guy really loves you then he’;ll wat.”
Ficking double standards is what people playing.
It’s alright for her to not be ready and then you twist it on guy,saying he’s wrong,
and because he doesn’t love her.
You cannot say it’s alright for her to do whatever and it’s not alright for the guy to
walk away because he’s ready. Painting him as some bad guy.
Love is not enough.
A person can love a woman but compatibility is not there.
Plenty of people who loved their partners but had to walk away due to lack of
compatibility.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of refraining from sex until marriage?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the worst ideas I have every come across.
You don’t know the person sexual experience, you haven’t been intimate
physically and sexually, you haven’t even been in long term relationship, lived
together later on….you ﬁnd out like many men and women, you are both not
compatible in many ways especially when it comes to sex.
I read it many times on here, where people get married and realise they wish they
didn’t and go through years of hell.
People do whatever they want but for me, it’s not for me.
I won’t also decide relationship before sex. I need to experience the woman in all
aspects before that decision is made.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Do ﬁt girls get men’s attention? It seems to me that guys are
usually with a woman who is more on the
overweight/disproportionate side. Do they prefer them better?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course they do.
What seems to you is emotional bias but that doesn’t mean there aren’t men who
date overweight women.
Personally, I won’t date and be in sexual and romantic relationship with a woman
who is overweight.
I don’t care if she can do splits and do most that women who don’t go to the gym.
If she looks overweight she isn’t attractive to me. I’m visual guy and I’m not going
to settle as I didn’t settle with my body and hit the gym, eat right and look after
myself.
And if as an example a woman once asked,..
“But let’s say every woman is overweight, then what?”
My reply, “I’d stay single. I am not and never will be attracted to overweight women.
That is my personal preference.”
I am going to gravitate to the women who also look like they look after their body
and project similar values.
I date ﬁt and curvy women.
To clarify on ﬁt….

Fit..

Both of my lovers are of the above body type and they have their own ﬁtness
instructor and very busy like most working from 8am -6am, and they eat healthy.
I also date curvy women and by curvy I mean..

She’s curvy to me…

Same here with the photo below - curvy…

Contrary to some women emotional bias who like to say all men do like to date
and be in relationship with overweight women.
No, I don’t prefer to date overweight women…

But hey, there are some men who would but I’m not one of them.
Yes, women who have ﬁt bodies do get a lot of attention from men even if some
men don’t admit it and they even get the attention of women too ;)
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

A guy asked me for my number and when I asked him why he
said it is because he thinks I am good looking. He never said
anything about me or my personality he just said because he
thinks I am good looking. Does this mean he is shallow?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone here, including me, is shallow in some way. We all look at what is
attractive to us ﬁrst, before we ever approach or engage.
If personality is how the world worked, anyone can get opportunities like
everyone else but social dyamics, the psychology and biology cannot be
manipulated by the agendas of any woman, man, feminist, political bigots and
white knights.
If you are so inclined to believe that looks don’t matter in the beginning, go and
date some beggar in the fucking street and then let’s see you give a shit about his
personality and not him looking like a beggar.

Or you got many guys in your class, if you’re in school, college, or university, who
are far smarter than you and many men here, and yet you won’t bat an eyelid.
Most of us men have had enough of the double standards and we’ll call you out
on it and any man who acts like some white knight.
So forget to even think you don’t have shallow in you.
There is nothing wrong being physically attractive to someone and only because
society likes to bullshit each other, that women today are being manipulated with
what they like to hear and not the truth.
It’s like a massive playing ﬁeld for jerks because they know they can say all a
woman wants to hear and many fall for it but if a guy says the honest damn truth,
oooooh he’s objectifying, when women are objectifying every day when perselecting men with look, hair, height, age, and then pretend out here and in their
social circles that they don’t.
Some of us wised up on the double standards.
The question itself is shallow because you want to be…validated to feel special.
That’s shallow in itself.
You are already judging him and he made it so easy for you, he approached you,
he ﬂirted and he asked for your number?
What did you do through all this?
Nothing but judge him.
He had the courage to overcome his fear of rejection and approach and ask for
your number, while white knights telling you he’s so bad.
Had he said something else, you still won’t trust him because you think the guy is
responsible for you to say yes or no to sex
Get a grip. Dating is not easy. It’s going to get harder for you.
You’re lucky a guy approached you in these times where many fear rejection and
also this attitude you have now got because a guy took the honest option in
saying why he asked for your number.
You already judged him regarding sex.
“Ooh he’s a player, he just wants me for my body.”
That is what this is all about.
Let’s say it for what it is.
Man sees a woman's visual at ﬁrst and anything else like he sees your personality,
and how your eyes say something about you, blah blah is all completely fucking
bullshit to validate you, impress you and to make you feel so special like a princes
so you can…trust…him.
Did you want it all to to start by him bullshitting you like some jerk, telling
you….what you want to hear because it’s very easy to do so.
The “look” is the ﬁrst thing that creates interest in a guy to approach and as for
your number, and he is naive to be honest with you because look how you now
behave, you asked and he answered honestly.
You don’t need someone to tell you, you got personality.
That’s your job.

It’s now our job to tell you why you are attractive. You learn about who you are
and you ﬁgure out what your self worth is.
You trust yourself and you’d know and believe in yourself to know why a guy is
attracted to you.
That conﬁdence and trust in yourself on who you are is already inside you. You
don’t need anyone to say it because if you do, you wll be easily manipulated with
words about how you got amazing personality, how you’re smart, how your highly
intelligent blah blah bla and you’d lap it all up.
I’d print this message below on your wall..

He has to know you ﬁrst to know your personality.
Hence, he was open and honest with you.
Throw those fairy tale books you got and any idea that guys can read your mind
and know your personality.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get to know if you and a date are compatible,
without making so much questions that it looks like an
interview?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her - I’m not sexual at all and don’t like physical touch
Me - We’re not compatible

Her - I think that people should marry ﬁrst before sex
Me - We’re not compatible

Her - I’m always moving to the next best thing
Me - We’re not compatible

Her - I don’t know what I want
Me - I do and …we’re not compatible

Her - I think women who sleep with guys on ﬁrst date and ﬁrst week are sluts,
whores, and desperate, too easy
Me - We are deﬁnitely not compatible

Her - I’m not into bondage and I think it’s creepy. You know, getting tied up, just
kind of gross, don’t you think?
Me - No. I am into bondage, rough sex, and think a woman who is submissive,
sexually conﬁdent is incredible and amazing to experience and see. I see her as a
strong woman. I love the sweet pain and pleasure, hearing her beg, scream out
moan of of ecstasy. In other words, we are not compatible.

Her - I am sexual but it’s just people, you know, society and so I can’t just decide
with sex and have to wait for months, because what would friends say if they
knew.
Me - If we ever got serious and want children, I’d want a woman who shows them
courage in example. puts her children ﬁrst not society, who puts her man ﬁrst not
society opinion and to ensure they grow to believe in themselves, who knows
about sex and can educate them about sex. You cannot teach them that if ever we
got serious and you are more concerned how you look to world than living your
life as a natural free woman. We are not compatible.

Her - I think men who go for women’s looks, are objectifying, and if you read the
book about feminism blah blah blah, you’d see I am right about this and blah
blah.
Me - Men can choose whatever criteria on who they want to date . We are not
compatible.

You know easily…
People tell you straight oﬀ the bat and they cannot help it. If they don’t tell you in
ﬁrst 10 minutes, they will say it to you soon enough and not only that. It is in their
behavior.
I can tell when a woman is sexually insecure. I can tell when a woman is not the
lover type. I can tell when a woman is so socially conditioned and up to her neck
in fear. I can tell about her values.
They behave in a certain way and they always, always tell you what they fear to
try to frame the relationship before it even started. They always tell you what you

want.
But also, I have no problem asking questions but the way I do it is not like an
interview, but make it fun, lively and…I challenge the fuck out of women when I
am with them and I see all my answers in the ﬁrst ﬁve minutes easily.
In fact, I don’t even need to meet to know the answers so I don’t waste time
meeting, restaurant and any of that.
I’ll know before meeting face to face.
People just can’t help themselves showing their insecurities or what their values
are. It’s as if they think that a man has them on a pedestal and haven’t met a man
who does know what he wants, and puts sex before compatibility.
I put compatibility ﬁrsts but she does has to be physically attractive to me.
The longer I don’t meet, the easier they show their true colours.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sebastián Martínez

Are men usually more threatened or attracted to an highly
intelligent woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Highly intelligent Woman - because you’re threatened due to my high
intelligence
Highly intelligent Man - No. It’s because I’m not attracted to you. No chemistry.
It’s called Emotional intelligence
;)
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Would you take a ﬁght that you would lose just to show that a
girl matters to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t be stupid enough to date that type of woman.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl says "I want to see youuu," what are her intentions?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Avoid emotionally investing heavily and being romantic which mean no
ﬂowers. No love poems, no chocolates and no streams of texting back
and forth.
2. You want to know her intentions but you didn’t do anything about it
because you got her right on a pedestals, so you feared losing her.
Why?
You could have easily got to ﬁnd out what and why.
That’s what gets most guys who invest a lot and do not speak and when
they spent month kissing a girls ass, and try it on, they get rejected and
then that rejection hurts big because you emotionally invested too
much.
3. So be direct in your intent. If you’re attracted to her then make it clear, in
a fun way, ﬂirt, show intent, and then as her out but not as a friend, no

platonic but make it clear.
4. The moment you show intent. I guarantee you, 100% the one who is
seeking attention, will hide. She will either do the silent treatment, she
will either act all bitchy, or her behaviour changes to pull away, she will
either say she doesn’t see you this way.
You now you seee what her intention is.
5. Avoid waiting for girls to show their intention. You’ll be waiting for hell
to freeze over. You lead and you ensure to screen them out by being
direct in a fun way but for pete sake, no ﬂower, no chocolates, no singing
like some romeo movie.
6. Avoid investing lots of time, and emotionally investing when the girl has
not been speciﬁc in showing her intent to you. That is the ﬁrst step you
need to sort out and not guess, look for signals like some nice guy who
craves for validation or fears of losing the girl.
Don’t feel ashamed or guilty if she isn’t into you in that way and you do
not want to be a friend to move on.
It’s your time,
Time and attention is a very valuable commodity to girls because even
when they are not dating you, you are giving them self esteem booster by
orbiting around them, staying in touch and being a nice guy, hoping she
will change her mind or say she is into you. Where you don’t say
anything because of the craving for validation from her rather than being
direct with her.
You got value and all guys have but they don’t realise it.
It’s called time. It’s called “attention.”
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I feel sad when my ﬁrst girlfriend talks about her past
boyfriends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Never had that with my lovers.
Probably from day one, when she got to know you and your behavior, she can talk
shit to their boyfriend about ex’s. But never had that ever with any woman I have
dated but then again, I’m a dominant guy and make things clear in behavior i
don’t give a shit about it.
Another reason is she knows, you got her on a pedestal, so she can go oﬀ talking
shit all day long and you’ll do fuck all and stay put.
Personally, I can’t stand women who don’t live in the present and enjoying now,
the moment with their boyfriend. Immature in my opinion but if her ex’s was so
fucking good, why isn’t she with them?
Oh wait. They too got sick of her “bla blah ex.”
If you don’t like it, say so to her and if she can’t take that, well, she can walk out of
the door but I suppose you feel, she “is the one” bullshit like most guys these days,
believe in all that “oh love conquers all,” crap and “how it’s insecure and not
conﬁdent to let a girlfriend talk about ex’s.
And if she leaves, Oooh you’ll never ﬁnd a girlfriend nonsense.

In my neighborhood, a girl won’t dare talk that shit to her boyfriend because she
values him and knows to stay in the present not past. She also knows, if she does,
what’s going to happen. It be over because that guy will say to her..
“Then why aren’t you with your ex instead of riding my fucking dick if he’s so good?”
That’s her cue, she stepped over the boundary.
Sure, in society some folks will say all sorts on how you need to show empathy, be
conﬁdent because it’s insecure, blah blah but I’m not from their world. I don’t
want what they believe and it has served me well.
18 years in relationship and in other 4 relationships and never had such
experiences like most men have who are in ONE relationship, and some cannot
even get past a week, never mind a month or a year.
If all they get from society isn’t working then wouldn’t be smart to re-think how
you go about it?
I did and works wonderful for me and my friends!
The woman can go and talk to their girl-friends or see a therapist if they want to
chat that stuﬀ and they keep that locked down hardcore with their boyfriend.
They know the guy they are with can easily attract someone else as he has the
balls to do so. He’s not drinking the koolaid most are.
Sometimes, it needs someone with balls to teach other people that you cannot do
that or say that to them and she hasn’t met that guy because every guy she dates
probably same - worried of losing her than her growing up to know it has no
beneﬁt in a relationship.
Never had that in any relationships and only time that happened is some woman
who wasn’t dating me started it and I just said..
“Hey, I’m not interested in your love life. Go and see a therapist for that kind of
talk.”
She never said it again and I still see her about but she knows my boundaries. She
does it to other guys but no way in hell she’d talk like that with me.
Has nothing to do with “oh you don’t trust no.”
No, I don’t want to hear how she loves someone’s dick. It’s that simple, not hard
to wrap your head around.
There’s along to not step over and in my values and boundaries, this is one of
them and I make it clear from day one in my behavior and if it’s stepped over I
make sure I’m heard calmly, and if happens again, bye, bye.
Everything is “insecure” if you stand up for yourself. So many men become
doormats. Men these days can’t say shit for some woman or white pissing knight
supplicating to women with..
“Oh it’s your insecurities you see.”
No, it’s your boundaries, calling you and you need to speak up if you don’t like it
and not fear losing a girl.
And if you are fearing of losing her, then she…already..knows and that is why she
goes on and on about her ex’s.
That is why you’re feeling sad.
You’re balls telling you to let her know it’s not on but your heart is telling you,
“oooh but if I do I’ll lose her.”

When man or woman reality in their head is not lived in the real world, of course
they are going to feel sad and most are.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

This girl who ﬁdgeted with her phone and ate nothing on our
ﬁrst date, 'forgot' about the second date, then asked me to lend
her my photo equipment of which I refused, and now is trying
to ask for more favours. How do I tell her to go away?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh that’s very easy and works on nearly every woman.
Here’s the magic word…
“SEX.”
You probably met a girl like her who by the way I’d stay the fuck away from like
the plague…

Some sad fool will fall for that game.
Yes, use the word “SEX,” and you now use this weapon hardcore to get rid of the
women you don’t want.

Look on Quora, on how many women terrifed of sex ;)
“OOoh a man approached me, is he a player, does he want me for my body?”
Yes, use the magic word - Sex!
It is my most deadly trump card. The most powerful tool ever given to man to get
rid of women who want to use you for free restaurant meals, for attention
seeking, women into the fairy tale bullshit, women who want emotional support,
women using you to get a guy jealous and women who are are not sexual at all but
pretending to be, and use sex to attract men to use them for nothing more to
boost their self esteem as they dangle sex like carrot.
Use this word..SEX!
You won’t even need to mention it but be fun indirect way and she’ll do the silent
treatment, or disappear from your radar so fast you wish you knew this amazing
gift men have.
Same way they use it on us, calling us players, because they lost control of sex
selection and realised they cannot ﬁx or change you, so they’ll call you player,
bad boy, jerk.
That’s all you got to do and say….
“Hey, listen, lets watch Netﬂix, I got a porno movie that’s so good to watch.”
Or if she says you’re a player..
“Yes I am. I love sex. SEX…SEX..SEX….LOTS OF SEX everyday, sex…
sex..sex..bondage too…so yeah I am a player :)”
Then look at her like you don’t give a shit if she rants about feminism,
objectifying bla blah as you yawn then when she’s done, say..
“SEX! BOO!”
That will without a doubt get her to dissapper from your life except if she is very
attracted to you for real which doesn’t look like it and just using you as a utility
service. Also utility also can be “craving for attention.”
So getting attention from a guy big her self esteem up, boosts her up and uses you
for nothing else but to feel better about herself.
That’s why I don’t spend time with women much socializing and I certainly don’t
give them emotional support excerpt if they are my lovers. I don’t mind oﬀending
them either. I don’t give a damn about being political correct or being judged as a
jerk or asshole.
Many of them use men for self esteem boost, for emotional support, attention
seeking, for revenge due to some guys fucked them around because they go oﬀ
choosing guys for looks and say they don’t or for a challenge to ﬁx a guy.
So use that word..
“Sex.”
Grab yourself a Pizza, get a drink, smile and then pick up your mobile phone
or text her and she’ll disappear so fast you won’t believe.
They can go and get their free dinner or attention somewhere else, and use a guy.
That is all she was planning to do - use you for your photo equipment. Throw the
spanner in her works and don’t give her anything.
You’re not her service utility provider.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that once you show you like a man with your eyes or
body language, he won't pursue you and won’t be attracted to
you even if he ﬁnds you beautiful and smart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two things to cover on this answer.
One of them is this
1. Eye contact and body language,
2. The Psychological script of the person you’re attracted to.
First on body language and eye contact you mentioned..
You didn’t mention anything else, like engaging in conversation,
physical touch and suggesting to him to get together, and exchanging
phone numbers.
It sounds ambiguous to me.
When people say that, it can mean anything. What body language? Giving hints,
signals, because that’s not showing a guy you’re attracted to him.
If you do that without following the process in engaging and letting him know
you’re attracted to him, he’ll feel threatened, because he may have already had
that in his life and got it wrong, that the woman wasn’t really interested in him in
that way and many men will have experienced this and same with women.
Many men have had women do that behavior and found she was just being
friendly. I know many incidents where friends of mine had eye contact, body
language and even ﬂirting and when they asked the woman out, she wasn’t
interested but was just being friendly or doing so due to feeling uncomfortable, so
she did what she did to relax.
Body language and eye contact can also project…
1. You’re nervous around this person.
2. You feel threatened and uncomfortable
3. You’re just being friendly
4. You like to ﬂirt but that’s really it. Many are like that. They ﬂirt for fun
but nothing else but for attention seeking. Plenty as well online which is
why I show intent fast to screen such women out, oﬄine and online.
Being ambiguous doesn’t help with dating and can send mixed signals. Mixed
signals will get a guy to back away from you, lose interest fast as this is a message
that shows lack of certainty.
Men and women who fear rejection, will fear uncertainty, the unknown far more
and desire clarity before taking further solid action.
So ensure that you complete the process which is..
1. Eye contact
2. Approach and smile
3. Talk
4. Compliment the man as…you…physically touch i.e. his arm, or ﬁngers.
This is called Physical conversation and using your lips - biting, licking,
not a lot but showing it you’re aroused by him.
5. Suggest to him to meet up i.e. drink, coﬀee, meeting together.

6. Exchange numbers
7. Follow up <<< very important. Don’t wait. Follow up the next few days or
next day.
The second factor is the other person’s psychological script..
If you did the full process, really showed intent and the man acts like he’s not
attracted to you anymore, that is not your fault. It has nothing to do with you
showing in behavior and verbally you’re attracted to the man.
That’s his own cultural upbringing, his perception and condition due to his own
environment he was brought up in and his belief system. That’s his script in his
head he replays and has nothing to do with you.
Large number of men see it positive if you approach a man, show interest and
even suggest something to get to know each other for dating.
I see it as a woman who makes it so much easier for me and I appreciate it when a
woman in is brave, fun, mature in doing so. Makes a lot of diﬀerence in how I see
her and I’d see her as someone I love to know if I am attracted to her.
Majority of men who you approach would actually appreciate and feel relieved
that they found a woman who values theirs and her time, who is mature, who has
made it so much easier because fear of rejection is hard.
Also many men fear rejection when approaching women these days and if you
can make it charming, relaxed, arousing, fun and mature, you’ll ﬁnd a lot of men
will see this as positive example of future with you.
You increase your chances a lot.
You’ll still face rejection but you’ll increases your chance of success in this
matter.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to show someone you love them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Time,
Time is the greatest indicator of showing you love someone in which you take
interest in this person’s life, in their passion, in their emotional language, and so
you give time - showing you want to be part of their life.
So really, know what is important to your lover and celebrate it, be part of it and
sure, you might not be as passionate about it than they are but there is no excuses
saying you don’t know, or shy, or this or that.
You’d learn, you’d put the time in, you’d love to because you know it’s part of their
life, their personality, their emotional language and it means something to that
person.
It is those what seem as little things that count for a lot.
I remember one of my lovers loves food but she would be so tired when after work
and buy from outside.
So I saw this book of hers she never used. A cooking book of all her favorite food,
dishes and it had recipes for deserts.
I’d get up early before work, real early and I’d do this after work, learning, and I
took evening classes on cooking.

I would visit her at her house wth everything in some bags, the food and
seasoning spices and cook. Her jaw dropped as I cut onions fast, speed, doing
things and she didn’t say anything because she was gobsmacked at me cooking as
she never saw man cook in front of her.
She would ﬁnd delicious dishes every week on her table, and go crazy just
because of the food and later have amazing sex.
She’d tell everyone and still does about my cooking which attracted one of her
friends who is now one of my lovers too.
Her biggest moment is when her parents came to visit. They didn’t agree much
on her non-monogamous life, especially when she left a man they liked to be with
me, who is never going to marry.
They came and saw the amazing food of dishes and eat and we talked, and ever
since they’ve been so good to her and never a word about her life.
On other hand, I found a lover who didn’t do much in showing interest in my life
and instead gave excuses to learn, and speak my emotional language and
everything was about her life, what she is doing and rarely or ever did she take
notice of my life much and passion.
It seemed diﬃcult, no matter what I did, I felt it wasn’t balanced. It felt I gave
more and so, this gets you to wonder how it be in future; and you see there is no
compatibility. You see you cannot really do what you think and little red ﬂags
grow to big ones until you had enough.
You slam that door shut without remose, mercy because in that moment you gave
it all you got and they couldn’t even see that. Now you see the level of who that
person is and you take it all back and move on.
Even the response when ﬂirting, when sexualisation, when sharing my work was
one word or nothing much of substance.
And when in long distance, and I made sure to arrange time for us to talk, and
ensured how important it is by saying to them to put it in their diary, when time
came, they gave excuses…
“Oh I was so busy, forgot,” like it was a burden.
Not a word saying they can’t a few days before or something came up but left it in
air. Well, fuck them. I’m not going to be treated like a doormat and so I cease
anymore communication, cut connection, and done.
Sometimes you got to be an asshole.
Like most women like that, for a Gemeni Man, we leave them standing, no mercy,
break up or block and move on.
Time.
Take interest in your lovers life.
It is the small things that can be so big in the eyes of who you love. The things
that matter the most to your lover.
Don’t take them for granted or you’ll be surprised to ﬁnd they are stronger than
any you met and valuable to easily move on.
53 Views · View Upvoters

What do guys in general think about shy but attractive girls?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl is shy, it doesn’t matter if she’s attractive. It’s even worse for many guys
because she behaves unapproachable and disinterested, and will never show
interest in a guy or if a guy does, it be like a cat and mouse game, trying to get her
attention.
It’s frustrating. I’ve been there with shy girls and I won’t ever try again. Sure,
there are guys who wll date shy girls but for me personally, it’s just too much
hassle and work to even move forward.
I feel dating is already diﬃcult because people make it diﬃcult with their beliefs,
fears and insecurities as it is.
So adding she’s shy, will mean t me…
1. Behaves like she’s unapproachable
2. Lives in her head a lot
3. Too much work
4. Makes it awkward to connect
5. Best not bother as there are plenty of attractive women who are not shy
but still pain in ass when it comes to dating, but at least it’s not an added
factor of being shy
6. Cute foe some, annoying and frustrating for me
But I’m sure they’ll bump into someone as you’ll see shy girls dating guys. It
happens ;)
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl out. I really like her. All she said was "We'll see
after sometime". What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, don’t put her on a pedestal thinking she’s the only girl in town
and….approach someone else.
It is better to be date someone who shows passion in dating you, in getting to
know you because that is what dating is about.
Dating is ﬁrst about getting to know someone. That’s how you make your mind
up about someone. You date. You don’t say YES to a relationship oﬀ the bat. Any
girl does is a girl to stay the hell away from. Most girls are like that. Have no clue
about dating and think they are saying yes to a relationship before they even
dated.
So avoid listening to that crap most people say. It’s a Yes to get to know you and
that is how you get to know someone ﬁrst to decide whether compatibility is
there, whether the chemistry and other stuﬀ gels together.
Forget patience. They don’t deserve it. They are not the ones approaching guys,
getting the courage and doing the work to ask out. It’s predominately the guys
who do it and so…no girl can ever think a guy is going to wait because our world is
far diﬀerent from theirs because they wait around for guys to approach, always
covert, always wanting a chase, like a princes and when a guy does approach…
they want to think about.
Think about what?
You get to know a guy by dating.
Forget being pals, friends with her. She wants to know you,…she dates you. Avoid
investing your valuable time and resources being friends.

You can use that time approaching other girls than emotionally investing in
someone who “going to think about it.”
From where I am standing…I’ll see that as a no, she is now screened out, she had
her chance and I move on approaching someone else. I don’t need to say shit to
her what I am doing. I go ahead and approach and if she does show up and
decided, and you’re now dating someone, tough luck for her.
Girls need to learn the hard way these days. That it takes a lot for a guy to
approach, so either make decision there or the guy will by moving on.
The only guy’s who wait are the one’s who have no options and running
about and waiting, and chasing one…girl.
You want to be that guy, be my guest.
But I’d kick that pedestal she is on crashing down to ﬂoor in your mind and
approach other girls.
Girls can wait all they want and guys will be approaching them, texing them, so
they can aﬀord to wait. You cannot because girls don’t approach guys.
Most are spineless to approach guys.
Most guys just don’t learn to move on faster and also, have standards. That if
someone cannot show passion of interest to you, right there, you move on fast.
Learn now while you’re young.
Move on, let her wait, think all she wants.
You keep approaching girls until one says yes.
You think she’d wait if you said that?
No she won’t be.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by D R

If the guy I like seemed cool about me liking him, but when he’s
with his friends he acts like a diﬀerent person, should I still try
to get him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You like him but you’re not dating him.
2. You see him as cool but you’re not dating him
3. You already judging him and you’re not dating him
It all “seems.”
What does “seems” mean?
That it’s all in your head, ambiguous, looking for hints and acting covert.
You haven’t tried.
Trying is this..
“Hey, I had to come over and to say hi. I think you’re cool but I don’t know you that
well and I’d like to get to know you more. More than just friends. Like to meet this
week?”
That’s trying.
You’re not trying. You’ve done nothing.

“Seems” means it’s all in your head.
He behaves that way because he’s not sure of you and what you want from him.
Until you’re dating, then worry if he did that but for now, you’re not even close to
even thinking that.
Approach, ask him out because nothing has happened.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a man and woman are stuck on an island for a long period of
time, will they always end up becoming attracted to each other
and have sex even if the woman is really physically unattractive
and the man is better looking than her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, they’ll fuck.
The system of body will adapt and change to survive. When that happens it also
changes how you see things to even your taste for food. So the food as an
example, like stuﬀ in a ﬁsh you would never eat, you will eat it because the brain
desires that part as it’s vitamins to survive.
When you’re on a boat, in middle of the ocean. You want food because your brain
says so. You are mind ﬁrst and the body will follow.
So whatever you say today…
“EWWWW. I can’t eat raw ﬁsh!”
Yeah, well your brain will say..
“I am the brain. I want to survive. That is my primary function - to survive. So
here’s how it’s going to go. Biology is king and Queen, and you are the vessel. So I am
changing the nervous system to adapt, that also means the taste, how you see
everything in perception, the way you feel, hormones, triggers, everything to
accommodate the present situation to survive.”
Your basic instinct will kick in like a beast that even eating raw meat with blood
won’t be a problem.
I’m sure when you for example was so hungry, you’d eat what you don’t like and it
will taste good. Your brain has got everything to adapt to survive, to live, to
reproduce and you and I, no matter what man and woman with their pimping
their self righteous image says…Nature wins hands down.
Now raw ﬁsh is a delicacy and even the parts that you don’t like but it’s vitamins
for body and needs it.
And the man, the woman who you never look twice at is now…looking like a
god/goddess to you.
You’re perception changed, your hormones kicks oﬀ due to that and your nervous
system has always adapted to the change. The person you was in the city is very
diﬀerent and so is your behavior. What you won’t do in the city of social pressure,
prostitution your self image to look like a good by and good girl, the clever double
act on social media on ow you never fuck a man or woman if they are strangers
and if this and that happened - the laws, the rules, the statues goes out of the
window.
The beast emerges.
You will realise when it comes to survival….how much koolaid you’ve been
drinking. Everything changes, even what you see and what you feel because the

primary function is of the brain to…survive.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl wants to be in a relationship but doesn't want to be
touched. Does it mean she has other intentions?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Answer is yes, there can be other intentions like…
1. She wants nothing more but to access your resources - time
2. To use you for nothing else but emotional support and vomit all her sad
stories. Be about ex’s or stories about abuse.
3. Narcissist. Can be using the victim story, damsel in distress, awwww,
she’s had bad experience in past, so be a white knight and have her
dangle what she knows you desire….sex and use it as a weapon to fuck
your head.
4. Because she’s lonely, she’s scared and looking for a sad schmuck to be
her white knight in shining armor, and when she feels better, she’ll text
you that she’s getting a blow job and fucked in ass by some ex or some
guy, and how wonderful you are for helping her overcome her
insecurities.
She said what she wants to you.
But what do you want?
Forget waiting for her to change, forget thinking one day she be attracted to you,
get physical and she’ll change. Forget any ideas you can ﬁx and change her.
I am physical guy, sexual and I love romance and it comes with being physically
intimate.
So I’d have moved on instantly I knew this.
I’d just say..
“Hope you ﬁnd someone who wants the same but we are not compatible.”
And I’d not look back, ask myself what it means or her intentions.
It’s not important and nor can anyone read someone’s mind.
All I know is these…
1. I know what I want
2. I don’t apologise for it
3. I look for compatibility
4. I look for sex positive attitude
5. Emotionally giving and physical too
I’ll not waste a minute when I ﬁnd a woman is not compatible.
It be a deal breaker straight away and I’d moved on.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you apologize to someone who will never forgive you at
all?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You apologise
2. Avoid justifying and pointing out anything is justifying.
3. Stay away from saying “oh I don’t want anything, I moved on, I don’t
want to come back with you or blah blah.”
Only people who want to score points and use the apology to feel
superior, do that.
4. You let the person know exactly what you’re apologizing for
5. You show empathy by ensuring you also value their connection and what
you had together by…ﬁxing the mess.
6. You ﬁx that mess and learn from it to grow.
Apology counts for nothing if is just words and you don’t ﬁx the mess or at least
ask to ﬁx it because you do love them, you do care, you do value the connection,
the relation sip, their giving and you want them in your life.
And forgive yourself. Don’t ask for forgiveness. Just do the work, Clean and ﬁx
that mess if the person let’s you in again.
If they don’t, it must have hurt them and damaging.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

The guy I am seeing right now never shows any aﬀection and
love, but he accepts any invitation to hangout. When I ignore
him, he asks me why I am not initiating conversation and
greeting him. Is this guy into me, or just being shy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For fuck sake, ask him
What’s the worse thing possible can happen?
He says no.
World isn’t going to end and planet full of billions of guys. Yes, I know it’s logic
answer and this is about emotions.
But still…
It’s not like you going to have wedding bells, babies, mortgage. Girl’s and guys
take it too seriously. One step at a time.
For all you know, let’s say something did happen - many a times you drift apart
anyway. Many people have to date many people to ﬁnd the one person and even
then, it’s not about that person but they got to grow themselves and yes, many
regret because they fucked up in past,
They were arrogant, self centered, immature and yet to grow.
But there is a price for that.
You can’t get those people back because sometimes some people hurt others too
much for it to happen. People remember. People still feel that pain as it’s in their
memories and no apology that is weak ass is ever going to make do, except if the
person tries again and again, and again and again, and that person sees “ok,
he/she really does love me. I have empathy.”
I know girls who grew to be women and look back at the guy they knew when they
were 17 years old, and they wish they never did what they did because that guy
was someone special, and they fucked him up, or didn’t care as he did, or didn’t

give as he did, took the guy for granted and now, realise how rare such people are
and rare on what they did have.
That’s life.
The one who got away and you may never ﬁnd that type of love, or person, or
giving ever again.
Same with guys….
They too got to date many to meet someone and they too will look back and
realise, that someone already came but they weren’t ready, they fucked up.
You’re going to ﬁnd one day, in your life, no matter who you are with, you can
love whoever, but there will always be that one person who you loved so deeply,
and cannot love like that with anyone else again.
So life is going to be ﬁlled with many people you meet. People you date and all is
growth.
Best to avoid over thinking and being ambiguous and looking at some big picture
that he’s the one, and so if you did this or that, you’ll lose him.
Best to learn fast now, so if that person does come along due to your actions of
making things happen - you did enough of approaching guys, enough of
relationship experience, enough reading, enough of getting out of your comfort
zone rather than being like a princess most girls act today, to got a far better
chance of knowing what to do rather than what not to do, and increase the
chance of failure rather than success.
And you can’t grow to that level if all you do is put some guy on a pedestal and
thinking he is….the…one. That you will lose him due to some rejection. That
friendship might go.
Let them go.
You don’t want friends like that anyway.
Just say to the guy…
‘That you’re into him and you like to know if he feels same way, and if he doesn’t,
then don’t act all awkward with you and you both can stay as you are but you like to
know.’
Avoid looking for signs and hints…and grow faster.
That’s how you know or you’ll be wasting time emotionally investing.
If he’s one of those guys judging girl approaching him then he’s not worth it
anyway. So just forget waiting and ask him not us. We don’t know him and can’t
read his mind and nor can you.
Ask him.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy answers with"hmmm" after I've
texted him that the only reason I didn't text him was because I
was trying to stay away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means …
He can’t be assed with the drama.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell if I am attracted to a certain type of woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Date diﬀerent women.
When dating you’ll know more. Just avoid over thinking about it for now and
keep just one thing in mind - compatibility and avoid settling. Many just settle.
You don’t need to.
Just go out there and date many and ﬁnd out what it is that you’re attracted to.
One thing you can do is ask yourself what’s important for you.
Look at the values and see if the women you date have these values you are
attracted to. Take it from there.
You’ll feel it.
It’s all about feeling it.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tyron Nathan King

When a guy says please don't deceive me to a girl when he was
asking her out, what does he really mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He means..
1, Don’t be like those girls who ﬂake out in last minute.
2. He’s had enough of girls wasting his time.
3. He’s looking for someone mature and someone who can say yes or not, rather
than wasting his time.
4. It takes time, emotions and so he doesn’t want to be lead on like he has before.
So be real and be diﬀerent than the rest.
So be straight forward. Yes or No. If you want to say Yes, if not, say No. No
messing about back and forth, or he’s waiting and you don’t turn up and you then
text last minute or a day before after he took time, prepared and he could have
spent that time on someone else or did something else.
If you’re not interested, say so, don’t waste his time. It’s not a trust issue. He just
don’t want to waste time.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy says he's "busy," does that mean rejection to the girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, if he hasn’t given an alternative time and day, for you both to choose from. If
you didn’t ask for an alternative it’s neither here or there. Someone really
attracted to you will give an alternative time and day.
Take it as life gave you feed back to avoid investing anymore time and emotions
with this person and move on.
11.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys ﬁnd girls with dark circles unattractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It won’t be a problem.
You know why?
Because we see girl head down on phone texting, or when you’re walking you look
terriﬁed of the world, you’re head is down. You then close your jacket tight across
your breasts and look down like he’s invisible.
Very predictable. Guy’s see it all the time.
For most girls it goes like this…
1. She sees a guy she likes and thinks “Mmm he’s hot.”
2. She wants him to look. Her heart racing. Butterﬂies in her stomach as
she bullshits the world that she sees only his “personality.”
3. She doesn’t even smile, nor waves but simply acts aloof
4. When he does look, then she looks the other way
5. She thinks, “Who does he thinks he is! He doesn’t even smile at me.”
6. She later thinks “Anyway, he looks like a jerk. Probably a fuckboy…a
player and a bad boy. Oh Yeah! He wants only my body.”
7. She continues, “Not like I’d be interested in him anyways!”
8. And when he walks away, she rationalizes, “He’s a Jerk. I wasn’t
interested anyway.”
All this happened in a matter of seconds and all in her head, and the guy
didn’t even know she was attracted to him.
It’s not your dark circles around your eyes that turns us oﬀ.
It’s girls passive behavior that’s a turn oﬀ and the double standards, regarding
sex, and ya whole lot of issues.
Brave online but timid and yet passive aggressive oﬄine.
Brave with friends, acting all cool, in that one room playing some music as you
dress up, dancing away, maybe stashed some drinks to get tipsy, acting all brave
to your couple friends or one friend…but deep inside you know…you got
nowhere…go go.
That’s as far it goes.
Probably sending naked photos to some girls you know and all pretending you’re
rebels, fantasizing with each other, complimenting each other, then bitch on
when guys asking for photos….and when they do…he’s a pervert…a scum…a
player…will use you. Double standards.
All that and…nowhere to go.
Probably writing tons of answers acting all that but really…nowhere to go.
Probably writing about bad boys and never had a date with one or any guy.
Probably banging up selﬁes right now…but nowhere to go.
Probably bored shit for another year and nowhere to go.
Probably rationalising with “oh no good guy is around,” but no matter what, you
got nowhere to go.
Dark circles around the girl’s eyes?
The guy probably hasn’t seen the girls face because she’s unapproachable and
won’t even get close enough to see her face.

That’s the thing.
Girls are similar to the nice passive guys.
Always asking the wrong question.
You’re got gifted with ass and tits, and you think guys are complicated looking at
circles around eyes. Complicate it with talk about personality. Complicate it with
trying talk to guys like they are girls.
Complicate it with hoping to ﬁx and change a guy.
You got far more range in clothes than we guys got and still you complicate it.
Always avoiding the obvious and yes, we get it.
You want to feel special.
Can’t be the tits. No, can’t be the ass. No, can’t be your curves. No got to be
something of a mystical nature.
Yes, complicating it is what most do.
It can’t be ass and tits, and way you walk, ﬂirt, smile, roll your tongue around
your lips, bite your lip as you look at him, wave, walk over, smile, laugh, seduce
the fuck out of us….make our heart race, our emotions ﬂy and our imagination go
crazy about what we want to do with you when alone…because you want to feel
special.
How does feeling special feel now, when you still in that same room, looking at
some computer screen, and knowing nor lips will be pressed on yours, no ﬁngers
stroking your hair, and eyes staring into yours to say the words you always
wanted to hear.
How does it feel to feel “special” on New Year standing alone, looking at the lights
this year like you did last year and year before that; knowing you’re going to go
home alone and play with that toy that’s stashed under bed which needs new
batteries as it’s be done to death?
That will be next thing girls going to say - “Oh we girls don’t do that. We’re angels.”
How does it feel, when you pretend online you got it going on, with posts on
facebook and instagram, trying to look like a bad girl, looking hot, but really, you
haven’t the nerve to do what a conﬁdent girl does when she sees a guy she’s
attracted to?
How does it feel, answering those questions..
“So what is your deal breaker for a guy dating you?” and on it goes on some list to
pimp the image on her of being a good nice girl but..alone and call it…standards?
How does it feel….when you’re on your own and probably with shit friends who
by the way take you for granted, and know you got no guy to hold, to feel special,
to feel his arms around you, to feel his lips pressed on yours, to feel the wet
dampness between your thighs, the heart racing faster, feeling the tingle shoot
through your whole body like bolts of electricity….by the kiss on your neck and
feeling the tingle again as you feel the warmth of his breath dance on your
earlobes?
How does it feel to waste hours and weeks, and even years online….playing
around messaging or texting some guy and knowing full well, you is not going to
meet the guy because you’re already started to…self sabotage it with talk of
crushes, ex’s and withholding emotions, avoiding to ﬂirt when he does, one
sentence replies….due to insecurities, and he gets sick of those games and….you

ﬁnd yourself right back to where you started, and probably gone back to that dick
head ex boyfriend who is shit at sex but still, you have sex and…feel shit about it?
How does it feel, when you had a guy at your grasp, maybe older, maturer, world
at your ﬁnger tips, could escape from the boredom, from the mediocrity, from
what your friends couldn’t have because of their drama, and he turned you on so
good by words alone, and he’d come from end of world to see you..but…you fuck
it all up, to go back to the mediocre same life you pretend online as amazing, cool,
just fantastic?
How does it feel knowing, you may never ﬁnd a guy like that in your entire life
and you dread you ﬁnd it he is the one who got away?
How does it feel when you know you got the guts inside to just do it but you
don’t, and use everything as a buﬀer, due to fear of rejection?
How does it feel, when you read an answer and your inside saying YES…YES!
THAT IS IT but you won’t even try to vote it and share it…because you fear what
family, friends, followers going to now say and how it will deﬁne you to..others?
All of that is the problem on why most girls don’t attract guys.
All of that is the…turn..oﬀ.
Got nothing to do with other girls, bad boys, players but that - fear of how it looks
like to someone else, some guy or girl or social peers.
Either it’s height.
Either it’s clothes.
Either it’s colour of hair and a hundred more buﬀers that does nothing but to
make sure, you do not take the action you know is the only way to attract a guy
and get a date .
These questions are that - buﬀers.
Got to have everything perfect like Cinderella to make it happen. Got to have
everything right. It must perfect because you don’t want the rejection. It’s
too painful so you got to make it all perfect.
Nothing is perfect.
We guys are not perfect and you girls say you don’t want perfect and you want
personality but you behave opposite, choose the opposite you say you want and
then cry about it all day.
I bet you right now, many guys here will say the same as I do.
That they hear woman say one thing but always see woman do the opposite,
choose the opposite.
You got to get real with this.
Circles around eyes is least of the problems.
There is a LOT MORE about. You’re conﬁdence, you being approachable, your
colour of clothes, your smile, the fragrance, your style of clothes, the way you
ooze with charisma and approach that guy and like when we were children…
ballsy…ﬂirting…to take that toy oﬀ his hands or to sneak and get him to give you
the last chocolate bar.
Remember those days as a kid?
You didn’t give a shit about how it’s sex, player, this and that but now you do
because you all grown up and pounded with f ear, guilt and shame.

You forgot…yes…you did…forgot to be fun!
You forgot to be exciting!
You forgot to be daring!
You make it all so serious with plans in your head of long-term relationships.
babies, wedding bells and all kinds of shit and you haven’t even moved to base
one, or two, or all the way…yet.
You forgot the things that make a guy’s heart race and feel safe.
You forgot the actions and words that makes a guy feel..
“WOW? She makes me feel amazing and..she’s into me!”
But instead most make a guy feel shit. Invisible.
It becomes all a drag, ambiguous, boring, unexciting and judgemental.
You forgot what made you are special already.
The turn oﬀs is always hiding their intent, behaving covert and if a guy ever
approaches, he’s already feeling being judged as player and this and that. It is
fearing what others might think if “I go and approach a guy.”
It’s “Oh what if he thinks I am a slut, whore, too easy, if I approach?”
“What will my friends says.”
You think girls just feel and think that?
You can’t bullshit us guys because we have also gone through that too and most
of us overcame it because we had enough of the bullshit and now we say to
everyone..
“We’re going for what we want and anyone thinks we are players, bad boys, this and
that is ﬁne but we had enough thinking the problem is the dark circles around our
eyes, our height, our colour and this, and how there’s the one girl. There’s plenty and
we’ll ﬁnd the one through approaching plenty.”
And what do you know!
The abundance mentality works!
When we ﬁgured that out, we attracted girls and most of all, no girl could play us
because moment a woman tried, we slam that door shut because we now got balls
to approach many more!
Sure we faced rejections but at least New Year wasn’t spent alone looking up at
lights wishing for a girlfriend.
Probably get sick of play hard games and acting all aloof because girl’s want him
to chase to feel..special.
Women got bigger problems than circle around their eyes.
Don’t believe me?
How many times in this week alone have you as a girl approached a guy you are
attracted to? How about a year?
How many times you said to a guy..
“You know, out of all guys I’ve seen, you stand out from the rest and I got to ﬁnd out
who you are because you got something these guys haven’t. You’re inspiring and I
am attracted to you but..I want to ﬁnd out more about you.”

Enough said.
Just try it. Forget dark circles around eyes, and approach tons of guys and I
guarantee you, you’ll get one guy who will say yes, or eve a gang of them, and you
be thinking then..
“Here I was wondering about dark circles around eyes. Guys are simple as that! I
wasted so much time! Every guy is diﬀerent. For every guy who doesn’t like dark
circles around eyes, is 50 more who don’t give a shit and just want aﬀection, want a
kiss, want to feel special, want to be loved, want to hear they are attractive! Why
didn’t I think of that before?”
There’s a guy who will love you, will take you as you are if you stop seeing every
guy is same and just approach, ﬂirt, smile, get your head out of the mobile phone,
facebook, instagram and be approachable.
Smile at the guy and if one doesn’t cut it, move on to the next and watch how you
get a guy who just takes you for who you are.
There’s are guys, tons of them, yearning to hear the words..
“I always felt attracted to you. I always saw you. You’re not invisible. I see you. Do
you see me? Then let’s work this, xmas is coming and I like to see the lights with a
boyfriend. So, what you say?”
Hell, dress down and do that and I guarantee you, you’ll still attract a guy, if you
just smile, if you make him feel safe he isn’t going to be called a player, a pervert,
a sexiest, a man whore for showing interest, for lusting over you, for desiring you,
for wanting your aﬀection.
Guy’s these days are now even reluctant to look at you girls, to speak, to touch
you. kiss you, physically touch you because they fear they will get judged.
That’s the problem you got, not dark circles around your eyes.
Focus on what you can control now, not what you can’t and you’ll get far more
results than any girl you know.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Yoan Silvy Aulia

Girls call me pretty and my family say I'm pretty but it's rare for
a guy to tell me I'm pretty? Why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Because they had enough being called ‘players,” when they do so
2. Because they are sick and tired of women thinking “oh he wants sex”
when they do so
3. Because they had enough being called “bad boys” for ﬂirting and
complimenting and girl is acting like she’s a godess when she ain’t.
4. Because they know girls want attention, validation
5. Because he’ll get “OOoh you’re objectifying” bullshit reply
6. Finally, because, and this one is personally mine…because girls are not
entitled to get one…so..she can buy a mirror and compliment herself.
Most guys just cannot be assed with the bullshit anymore and yes, most girls are
fucking drama.
You compliment and already she be thinking he wants to fuck her in ass and then
he gets plastered with all kinds of labels.
Just by approaching a woman the guy is going to be judged.

It’s not worth it, so most guys don’t do it.
It keeps the drama far away.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would you guys let your future wife hang out with her male
friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not married but I do have lovers.
My answer is…I won’t let them do anything because they are all grown up. They
had a life before they met me.
And I live with an abundance mindset.
I am Gemini so I believe and live by these two words..
Freedom and Love.
You cannot believe in love if you control your lover’s freedom.
That was and is their birth right, long before we met.
So there is no letting.
There is no ﬁxing.
There is no changing.
There is only freedom and love.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

There is this guy who looks at me all the time? I’ve been nasty to
him, and he still looks at me. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know when you walk down that street. The one where you see this dog
barking at you and it’s held back by a chain.
You remember that experience?
Now what do you do when the next day and whenever you walk on that same
street and,..you…see..that dog?
You keep a look out because…
The brain of yours gets triggered and says…
“Danger alert. Threatening behavior ahead. Keep an eye on that barking dog even
if it doesn’t bark. Be alert. Danger.”
He is only looking at you because you…are…someone to avoid and you remind
him of someone to stay away from. He is ensuring he can see you so he can make
a fast exit if you come closer.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says he is not for you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He is saying..
1. I am not interested in you in that way

2. I am not sexually and romantically attracted to you
3. I feel you’re too nice a girl to date and I cannot see us getting sexual
because you’re just too…erm..nice.
4. I am not into conservative type of girl and you are, so not interested
5. I am saying it in the nice way possible to avoid conﬂict and giving you a
pat on back for trying
6. Can you please stop pestering me. I am not interested in you in that way
7. Give…me…space
4k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl can't look at you without smiling, could she have
interest?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A girl can..
1. Look at you smiling always
2. Bend down and show her cleavage
3. Fllrt and arm around your waist
4. Say you’re such an amazing guy
5. Even invite you to her house
6. Talk to you for hours on phone
7. Text lots to you
8. Email you often
9. Be so exciting to see you
10. Like all your answers
11. Like all your photos on facebook
12. Like all your Instagram posts
And it wont mean she is sexually and romantically attracted to the guy.
You know when it means something?
Here it is..
When you ask her out and she says yeah.
When she goes out on a date with you
When she kisses you
When she rides your dick
When she gives you a blow job
When she kisses you, rides your dick and gives you a blow job.
That’s when it means she’s sexually and romantically attracted to you.
Anything else is nothing but in your head and seeking validation. Guys who seek
validation don’t approach and want to act cool, for the lads or show girls are
talking to them and they are the one’s who never really get a date or just stay put
looking for hints and asking, “what does it mean?”

So a smile, a laugh, a hug, a sitting next to you etc…doesn’t mean she is attracted
to you.
So best not to live in your head too much and be in reality. You want something,
ask for it because waiting for girls to say it or approach and as a guy out is like
waiting for hell to freeze over.
In fact, even if you was in a relatonship and a woman says you are the world,
heaven and earth, it means fuck all, until you are still together, grown old
together and she hasn’t done the “hypergamy” move, in still keeping an eye on a
prince charming to one day sweep her oﬀ her feet, marry up, richer or more good
looking guy, or whatever high status guy….and not realise, attraction, love is
biological….hormones…and the grass is greener where…you water it.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl goes to the movies with you as
friend when she has a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Oct 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you are hoping there’s more to it than being a friend and wasting time
on a girl who has a boyfriend, and time is valuable resource to man. So if you’re
wanting a girlfriend, this is not the way.
Go and approach other girls and avoid wasting time trying to be nice, and friend,
hoping it will make her fall for you.
But if all you are looking at it is a friend, then continue but avoid the white
knights, nice guys does.
We guys knows our girl is taking some guy to movie but she comes back riding
our dicks. You need to know that and know it well, when a girl is texting a lot to a
guy and not riding his dick, she’s riding their man’s dick and even telling him..
“Oh he’s such a nice guy, such a sweetie.”
But that is it.
So for you, it means, she is killing time, platonic, going to the movies which by
the way, if you ever do date a girl, then last place to take her which most nice guys
do is the movies. It’s boring. It’s sitting on your ass for an hour and it kills
attraction and makes it awkward.
It’s for guys who don’t know how to talk and build attraction. It’s for girls who just
want to kill time and leave quick when it’s done, and keeps it platonic ;)
Think about it..
Movie. You and her. In cinema. No talk. Nothing but staring at a screen.
That’s kind of a big insult for you isn’t it, sitting there, for an hour and so, no
talking, and then when done..
Her - Bye, see you later.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why don’t people respect time?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They do when they value you.
They do when they need you.

They do when their job is on the line. They do when the rely on you. They do
when they know, if they fuck up just once…no second chances and all they rely
on, need and want from you is gone.
They do when they got no one else to give them attention and then com at you
like you is so important but they only do so, because they ran out of people.
People who had enough of their bullshit.
Human nature.
People make time and get their shit together when it’s important to them and it’s
a priority for them.
Then there are those who know their nature but got character, integrity and value
not just time but also and more so, their own self respect in showing this is why
they are diﬀerent from the rest.
Those are the a rare people you can count on and if you meet them. don’t fuck up.
They rarely give second chances and rightly so.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why are extroverts percieved to be more intelligent than
introverts in society when it's mostly the other way round?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because action speaks louder in this world of results.
Bitching about why people don’t accept the person the way they are, and
expecting other people to change to accommodate one’s own personality…
doesn’t.
It’s called = expectations.
If you don’t have any, it won’t be a problem what others think because you’d be
self aware to not give a fuck.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach a girl who said yes to a date twice, but then
backed out about 1 hour before the date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once is ﬁne.
Twice is a bit slow.
Three times, well, shame on you.
Move on.
She doesn’t deserve your attention. You’re showing her you don’t value your self
and that you got no standards, no self respect.
You’re telling her, that if you were in a relationship wth her, she can get away
treating you like shit.
Now show her you got standards. She does not get a third chance. You’re done,
moving on.
Don’t talk to her.
Don’t give her any attention.
Don’t even bother acting like some nice guy.

You got standards. You don’t want to even befriend anyone who is shit in
respecting your time.
Now ﬁnd your balls and act like a man who has value.
Move on.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy say to a girl that he has only platonic feelings
as of now after meeting a few times?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not sexually and romantically attracted to you.
He’s warning you right now, to not have expectations in your head. This is
platonic not sexual or romantic.
Also, he may want to remove the Pedestal most women have, thinking every
fucking guy wants to have sex withthem.
Good man. He’s making sure that pedestal is not there. He’s has enough of
women acting like they are goddess and every man wants to hump them.
It’s called “Pre-Framing.”
Where you make sure the person is ready for the message by letting them know,
that this connection is for this purpose not for what they may assume it to be; and
to ensure to clear up any confusion for the future.
It helps you to know exactly where you are standing, what this meetings mean
rather than him relying on you guessing or over thinking and assuming anything
else.
It is to allow him in advance to let you know where he stands, what he’s about and
were he wants this to go, and allows you to know where you stand, what these
meetings are about and where it will go and…not assume anything else.
He is ensuring that he has shaped the meaning, this situation, your behavior too,
thoughts, words and phrases you think and say to be focused on a meaning that
these meeting is not…romantic and sexual.
It is just platonic, friends and nothing else.
If anything happens in future, fair enough but he’s setting the record straight.
That to remove the pedestal and don’t think he’s desperate for you. He’s only
meeting right now as friends as he doesn’t know you enough to decide anything
else.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's wrong with guys (most of them, even of those who seem
to be "nice") who are jerks?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s rephrase the question
“Why cannot I control guys to be puppets and be robots, and do exactly as I want
and get the expectations I desire?”
You know how many messages I get from guys who were real good to women, and
found out the girl got engaged and married, and she didn’t even tell the guy?

Do you know how many messages I get from guys who dated girls, took them out
and later found out she was already dating a guy but never told him, and they
found out only later on by seeing them walking hand in hand, and kissing at teh
city centre or on facebook, and when confronted, girl acted like a bitch?
Do you know how many messages I get from guys where the girl behind the guy’s
back dates his friend, fucks his friend, and he ﬁnds out months later, and then
she blames him because “I didn’t get attention” bullshit?
I can go on but I get hundreds of these messages weekly.
The guys probably were attracted to the girls, emotions ﬂying high, hormones
kicking oﬀ, and girls weren’t attracted to these guys, and when they ﬁnd out girls
not interested and all the girl wants is emotional support, they leave.
You know, the way girls do.
Yes, there are also nice girls too who don’t get the expectations they expected.
It’s called being human beings.
Human beings also judge other people too and not mind their business and just
get on with their life.
Is there are men like that too doing that to women?
Yes, of course there is. Lots of them, the same way there are lots of women like
that too.
That is why being self aware, educating about one self is important and also
having boundaries.
To also forgive oneself if they get hit by such folks, whether woman or man.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I let go of the past?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You don’t let go of the past but learn from it.
2. You don’t worry about the future
3. Because the future is now, today, in this moment
4. Yin and Yang cannot be thought of all at once.
5. Decide which thought that beneﬁts you and think that
In other words….get out of your head and get busy living in the present, and the
future will be the result.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why are girls, or women, so excited about getting married,
whereas men, in general, are not?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hmmm, let’s look at it..
1. She still wants to be chased
2. Dangles sex like a carrot
3. Divorce
4. Legal fees

5. Child support
6. Loss of assets maybe all of it
7. System corrupt
No thanks.
I’m happy as I am ;)
132 Views · View Upvoters

What is the number 1 reason most couples break up or get
divorced?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Deception. One of them deceived or both did on who they really are. Later ﬁnds
and sometimes same day after marriage or week…he married a covert narcissist,
and or she married one.
That means, one or even both married not for anything but the game, to later
marry up to someone else.
2. They went for hot good looks, chemistry, and thought that will last them for
years. Yeah, now they are so screwed because now they got the third one..
3. They decided or one of them did, to have a baby and that’s going to change
things but it doesn’t
4, Lack of compatibility.
5. Lack of knowledge in how to build on attraction. Routine. Get bored.
6. Ends in lack of respect, contempt for each other and sometimes to a point of
pure hatred for each other.
12.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Toni Miguel

If a girl says that I told her the best joke "she's ever heard" but
then says "I'm a very hard to get girl, sorry" when I ask for her
number, do I keep trying or move on? This is on Tinder.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re falling for that one, huh?
For future reference…
Girl - I’m very hard girl to get
Me - I didn’t think you see yourself as a trophy. I’m not looking for one. Cheers for
the oﬀer but no thanks.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

This girl broke up with her bf for me. Is that ok?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She broke up with her boyfriend, not for you but for herself, and tries to pass it oﬀ
that she did you a favour.
She can do whatever she wants but avoid falling for the bullshit that she left him
for you. Women don’t leave anyone but for their own desires, and nor does a man
leave woman for anyone but for his desires.
Shes not doing you a favour and next time she says she did it for you, make sure
she knows, she did it for herself because like most people they always go about

with…
“OOoh I GAVE him my virginity,” No the person wanted to have sex.
“Oh I did this and that for him.” No the person did it to get what they wanted.
“After all I did for him/her” No, after all the person did for themselves.
“OOoh I did all that work for this person, was there for them and they go oﬀ
dating someone else.” No, they did it for themselves to get into the pants of
whoever ass they were trying to kiss and it didn’t work.
Avoid falling for the guilt games which is already working because later when
things don’t go right you’ll her end up saying,..
“OOoh I left my ex for you blah blah..”
She left him for herself, not for you. For her desires, for her needs, wants, for what
she wants.
As for is it ok…well, she can do whatever. No one owns anyone and no one leaves
anyone to do anyone a favour but themselves.
Sounds like there’s more to this story though.
Like you met her behind her boyfriend’s back with intent to date her and she did
the same too.
If it was all above board, you won’t be asking this question and she won’t be
saying “I left him for you.”
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend says that he has a fantasy of raping me. The ﬁrst
time we had sex after a date, it was quite intense, semi- rough.
What I found weird was he put his hands around my neck
without asking (even though I enjoyed it). Should I be
concerned?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Fantasy rape is common and yes, it’s kinky and hot.
It’s all about whether you like to role play the rape, and if you do, then sit down
with boyfriend, and talk on. He’ll say what he likes to happen, you listen and then
if there’s anything to add, you can add, and if there’s anything you don’t want to
happen, you say so.
Then you can talk about the boundaries, and go slow, like practice, gently ﬁrst so
you know the moves, so you know if you like it, so you feel comfortable about it,
so it is something that turns you on also.
It’s all about communication.
There’s nothing weird about it.
My lovers, love rough sex, they love to also be slammed on wall, pinned to wall,
collar around their neck with chain and called “slut, whore, my slave, my
property,” and it’ turns them on. It’s role play.
But you ﬁrst got to communicate, sit down, talk, be open with each other.
End of the day it’s about whether you want to. You know this is what turns him on
but does it turn you on?
It’s why I make sure early one that the kinks are aligned with women I desire to
date and be in relationship with, or women who just want sex. It’s very important

the kinks are compatible, aligned, and communication has been made, and both
open and discuss maturely and without judgement.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do I say to my girlfriend when she says “I don't know if
I'm going to see you tonight”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - I’m don’t know If I’m going to see you tonight
Me - Either way. It’s best to call me in advance as I also got things to do ;)
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I respond to “are you a player” without seeming like a
nice guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl- are you a player?
Me - Are you a slut?

Girl- are you a player?
Me - Only on Tuesdays. It’s like your lucky day. It’s Tuesday ;)

Girl- are you a player?
Me - Depends if the girl is smart, intelligent and attractive ;)

Girl- are you a player?
Me - When she’s worth it ;)

Girl- are you a player?
Me - Yes I am. What do you have in mind ;)

Girl- are you a player?
Me - Let me check the date (looks on phone) Yes I am. It’s Wednesday. On
Wednesdays I am a player. It’s your lucky day ;)

Girl- are you a player?
Me - Sorry, but my week is full. Try again, maybe tomorrow and see if I can slot
you in (pointing at my dick)….;)
122 Views · View Upvoters

Is it strange for a man to only be sexually attracted to really
beautiful blonde women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not strange at all. That is his preferences. If he is sexually attracted to only
blonde women, then he’s sexually attracted to blonde women. He knows what he
wants, he’s clear about it and so that’s up to him.

It’s not strange, weird, or whatever one likes to label it. That is what he desires
and what he desires is his preference.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are the things which boys never tell to girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You got amazing ass. Damn girl. I want to pound it right now
2. I just want to hold you right now and suckle your breasts
3. I get so turned on just by you talking
4. I love the smell of your fragrance.
5. I can look at your eyes but if only they looked at me like you’re falling in
love with me.
6. Do you have a boyfriend
7. I just want to touch and feel your thighs
8. Is that your real hair or extensions
9. Why do you wear so much fucking make up and that new trend that
looks oily and shining. It looks shit
10. You talk too much about ex and I am here, you stupid bitch
11. I don’t give a fuck who is crushing on you. Grow up!
12. If only you know how hard it is to keep on giving and you reply with one
sentence on a text
13. I don’t give a fuck you’re introvert. Enough of the excuses already. I’m
introvert too. Do you see me holding my emotions back. Tired of giving
and all I get is same old excuses. We’re done.
14. Do you know how desperate you sound every time you talk about guys
checking you out? Do you hear yourself talking about crushes? Can you
be diﬀerent than the rest? You disappoint me.
15. I loved you once but moment you forgot to call me as we arranged, and
start bitching how you were so busy, was the day I fell out of love for you.
You don’t know how hard it was with all the shit in my life, I made time, I
even reminded you, write it down but..you..forgot. So now, I will forget
you.
16. I want to ask you out but you might reject me
17. I hope you’re not a play hard to get
18. I hope you don’t see me as a player, a bad boy like the rest and can see
me. Can you be the one…who…sees…me.
19. I had a really bad day, if only I can get a hug from you
20. I hope you love sex the way I do
21. There are times, when I feel this aching emptiness and all I want to do is
cry.
22. I don’t know if I’ll ever make it in this world and I don’t need a lot but the
world demands a lot.
23. I was thinking about you in all the kinky ways
24. I get jealous when I see guys talking to you
25. I wish I had the balls to ask you out

26. I want to touch your cheeks, look into your eyes and tell you to come
close and hold you, and hear you say to me, “everything will be alright.”
27. I tried many a times to ask you out but lost my bottle
28. My cat died
29. My dad beats the shit out of me today
30. My mum is a Narcissist.
31. My world is caving in but all you see is my smile
32. A piece of me is dying one day at a time and soon, I’ll not know who I am
or what I’m living for.
33. I blocked you because you talk about love, about caring, about dogs, cats,
humanity but not once did you show you cared about me. You talk it but
whenever I want what I desire, you withhold it.
34. I wish I can stop acting cool and you’ll fall for just me but I know, no
matter what you and all girls say..I see you are like all other girls, falling
for status
35. I don’t know if I’ll ever make it this year. Life is becoming tough
36. I am sensitive but act tough, but I hurt deep
37. I want your attention
38. I text you because I want to get closer to you but you just don’t give back
the same, so I might as well just give up
39. I masturbate thinking of you
40. Do you know why I believe love doesn’t conquer all? Because in all you
will say to a guy that he is your life, the world, the moon and the sun, it
only takes a heart break, a block from a button, for me to disappear for
months on end, and you will direct your attention at another guy, saying
the same words. The same you said to your ex and other ex and other ex.
And you call me a Bad Boy. So predictable.
41. I’m bad, because I got to be. If I wasn’t, you will have walked all over me
like you did to the rest of the guys who orbit around you.
42. You say men who go for hot girls are not intelligent. Girl, I don’t need
intelligence to attract a girl. You and all these girls have proved that to
me and every guy with chasing status, chasing the hot looks. When you
had your fun, you start talking like you is an angel wanting a guy for his
personality and expect me to be that guy so you can dangle sex because
you had your fun, you’re tired and don’t want sex anymore. It’s not going
to happen with me. Try those nice guys there.
43. Dating is hard and you fucking girls don’t make it easy. Sick of you being
spineless to approach guys and playing the game bullshit
44. I want to call you, text you and tell you, how I feel about you, about us.
Can there be an us?
45. I wish we were all brave so we can say what we want without the games
46. I don’t know who to trust anymore.
47. I feel lost in this big wide world
48. Why is life so hard, why.
49. Why am I even here with you?
23.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jaime Jose Laureano

What do guys mean when they say simple girls are attractive?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you want the sugar coating, motivational answer, or “Adam! Just fucking give
it to me straightaway man, no bullshit! I need no bullshit..”
Ok then, you got it!
The no-bullshit answer it is..
1. I know no guy is going be looking at her
2. I know that a stampede of men won’t be chasing her to take away from
me
3. I know that I don’t need to worry about some guy going to ﬂirt with her
4. I know she probably doesn’t have guys as friends and if she does, none
would date her and she friendzoned her ass so deep into the antartic.
5. I know she looks boring, so no hot, conﬁdent guy or bad boy is trying to
chat her up and she’ll leave me
6. I know I got nothing to fear in losing her
7. She doesn’t look like a hot, stunning girl such as her:

8. I’ll be so worried due to her looks that she’ll dump my ass and run oﬀ with a
Bad Boy or hot good looking pussy of a guy if she was that hot.
9. I look better with her too and so she won’t think she is settled.
10. She won’t be going out partying and more of a girl who stays in a lot so I’m safe
that she’s..ALL…MINE
There we go ;)

Image Credit: Pininterest
15.3k Views · View Upvoters

For a week, a guy always texted me and bought me food and
candy and even hugged me, but then the next week, he’s
stopped doing everything and barely wants to hang out with
me anymore. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ways most people pretend they don’t know.
You know. Let’s not start acting like you’re naive.
You seriously screwed this one big time. Instead showing interest back in a
manner he does, you acting aloof, like you are not that into him.
So you totally missed the boat.
Your ship came sailing in and you didn’t do shit and so it sailed away.
What did you want him to do, kiss your ass?
Sure he feared rejection but he tried another way to say to you..
“I am attracted to you. Make it easier for me, tell me you are. Show it, tell me you
want me.”
You didn’t.
Now move on because….he has deﬁnitely moved on.
181 Views · View Upvoters

How long did you chase the girl you decided to spend life with?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

With all my lovers…
1. Approach
2. Flirt
3. Show intent
4. Now she shows her
5. Doesn’t show, I move on
6. Does show, we got it rocking
Total - roughly 5 mins, give and take.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What if a girl ask you what you are doing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - what are you doing?
Me - I am thinking how to answer your question
Woman - But seriously, what are you doing?
Me - Thinking how to answer your second question

Only time a guy over think about what to say, how to say it, is a guy who got
women on a pedestal.
Avoid seeking approval and acceptance and just say what’s on your mind. Let go
of this need to impress.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when your girlfriend has to ﬁgure out if she
wants to be single or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what I would do and say in an instant..
“It’s not good enough for me. I want to be with a woman who knows what she wants
and she s shows clearly without doubt she wants to be with me. I’m moving on.”
Here’s the thing when guys ask these questions..
Girls thinking about themselves for themselves, to get for themselves.
How come you don’t do the same?
Think about yourself. Forget why, what, how but what do you want.
This is called Oneitis.
When a guy puts his happiness aside for someone else who isn’t even sure, isn’t
trying to give certainty to date him or be in relationship.
If a guy did that, you’ll have women calling him a player, a guy who is treating her
as a standby, a jerk, a guy who has a side chick.
When you get the woman oﬀ her pedestal you got her on, you see she isn’t that
fucking special at all. Special is when someone invests in you, someone who takes
time to give to you, someone who is compatible to you, someone who doesn’t
fuck about giving uncertainty and insults you with..
“Oh I don’t know what I want, if I want to be single or not.”
But you need to be the man who does know what he wants and he sure doesn’t
want some immature, stilling looking for meaning of life and doesn’t know what
she wants type of woman.
I know I won’t even have any overthinking time about this one. We’d be done and
I’d move on because she just showed her intent right there.
Think about it.
How desperate can a guy be to be there still after the woman he is dating or isn’t,
saying she don’t know if she wants to be single or not.
If you was a CEO of a company and the candidate sitting in the oﬃce in an
interview says..
“Well, I’m not sure if I want this job or not, I don’t know what I want..”
That guy won’t be respected, that guy will be disqualiﬁed, that guy won’t have a
chance in hell to stay another minute in that oﬃce and have managers trying to
convince.
They don’t want someone like that.
They qualify the person, they want someone who knows he can do the job and he
better show passion, dedication, conviction and shows why they should choose
this guy over hundreds of people they can attract for the job,.

That is how I see datig.
I make sure, every woman doesn’t think there is a pedestal and she better show
interest and passion, conviction or bye, bye.
But what we ﬁnd?
WTF?
You still waiting around over someone who is not giving reasons on why they
want to be with you and acting all theatrical?
It be over in a second and I’d moved on because I am thinking about..what I want
and I know what I want and I’m playing games of “oooh don’t know what I want,
single or not..”
She’s doing that because she is afraid to make the decision. She hasn’t the
backbone to say it as it is so you need to have the balls to and also self respect for
yourself that you not hanging around.
So you make the decision for yourself…because that is all you got control over…
“It’s not good enough for me. I want to be with a woman who knows what she wants
and she s shows clearly without doubt she wants to be with me. I’m moving on.”
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you let go if you are madly in love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know when you’re in a relationship and you give it your all?
That’s what I do and so I know it is notme who lost anything. I gave at that
moment in time, so it is very easy for me to move on.
The second, is that mindset wise, I don’t believe in what most do which is soul
mate, that there is the “one” but instead my mindset is they were suppose to get
out of my life because not everyone is supposed to be in your life. Not everyone is
special for you and not everyone is compatible.
So these two have been powerful for me to let go easily and yes, may seem
arrogant but I know I give and I do not fear love, do not fear trusting someone, do
not fear what most fear and project past experiences.
Finally, I shut that door tight.
I make sure I delete, block, on everything and never look back or stalk, or
whatever. I believe my life is far more rich, far more valuable and I got a lot more
to give than the ones who I moved from.
That’s how your mindset needs to be.
That you love yourself ﬁrst.
That is the ﬁnal mystery of love - self love.
No one who loves themselves spends time on anyone who does not reciprocate,
or doesn’t treat them right, and who abuses their giving.
No one who loves themselves for real, is going to waste their valuable time on
someone who is a ghost in their life.
10.2k Views · View Upvoters

What seemingly small thing has made you lose interest in
someone?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Unreliable. Not good for their word.
2. Toxic and negative self talk and negative communication/often
3. All talk is about themselves
4. Immature. Talks about crushes, ex’s, and who did what and burst of
irritational
5. Can’t take a joke and takes it too serious
6. Lack of self esteem and lack of sexual conﬁdence
7. Takes a person for granted
8. Can’t take compliments
9. Doesn’t trust and projects past experiences, friends experiences onto the
relationship. So everything was judging and not trusting the person
which eﬀects their behavior in being emotionally cold
10. Emotionally cold
11. Silent treatment >>> they get blocked fast, without explanation, no
problem.
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when someone says "I am scared to lose
knowing you" after a breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To keep the door open to come back later on. To wonder and keep them
swimming in your mind.
It’s called a conversation game and it worked. After all, it got you to write this
question.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't I stop tripping and seeing monsters?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you accept your demons and reconcile with them, they’ll will go away and
sleep. So be true to yourself and they’ll probably see you don’t need them
anymore.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What’s the most trouble you’ve gotten into at school?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

School Principal’s oﬃce..
Him - How long you’ve been seeing my daughter?
Me - 6 months
Him - Didn’t you realise the implications?
Me - No
Him - You know I can suspend you?
Me - For what? Dating your daughter?
Him - For having sex with my daughter ON THIS TABLE!
Didn’t get suspended but he made life hell in school and made it diﬃcult to see
each other, but we always ﬁgured out a way.

4.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think is the most important sentence you’ve said?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“What you want, what you think you deserve, what you desire, what you need and
want is on the other side of fear.”
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What are honest reasons a man wants you as a booty call rather
than a girl-friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. They don’t want complications. Drama. They just want sex. They don’t
want a relationship. It’s that simple.
Other reasons can be…
2. They enjoy having sexual pleasures.
3. They have done relationships and it doesn’t cut it. They like to stay free
and just enjoy having fun and sex
4. Not every man has commitment fears, Some men just don’t want
relationship. It is their lifestyle.
5. It is their lifestyle.
6. Plenty of people do just that and live a happy life.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you accidentally text your ex that you
still have feelings for but he doesn't recognize you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about accidentally text a therapist so you can move on or the many guys you
can get a number from, and accidentally text them ;)
But ﬁrst…accidentally delete your ex number.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

A girl told me that she likes to hangout with me, but when I ask
her out, she says she's busy. What does it mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s not sexually and romantically interested in you. She’s not into you in that
way. You gave an oﬀer, she rejected.
The one’s who learn to move on faster, grow faster to meet someone else which by
the way some just can’t do because they got the girl on a pedestal, like they ever
dated a girl before, fucked a girl before, fantazing and building picture of that girl
again and again.
You’re a guy to ﬁll in time, when she’s not dating some guy, or bored, or just wants
emotional support, or wants a pal, a friend but that is all.
That’s the reality and if you try being friends and hangout in hope she changes,
you will get hurt and she will despise you for it.
Respect her decision and move on.

3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do breakups hurt so much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Man - I want this
Woman - I can give you that
Woman - I want this though
Man - I can give you that
Man -(He gives…gives…get nothing back but excuses)
Man - I’m still waiting for what I asked for
Woman - Oooh I don’t know cause blah blah
Man - Huh?
Woman - You see, erm, I didn’t trust you but now I do and blah blah
Man - (does not feel safe. He now feels pain and uncertainty of future. If she can
do this now, she can do so in future)
Woman - First I want this
Man - (feels pain)
Man - I said that’s not me way back. YOU KNEW who I am, what I want and you
said you got what I want.
Woman - Oh but love conquers all
Man - Love is never enough. WTF are you on? I said I was seeking compatibility,
we already gone through this in the begining.
Woman - Oooh you want a perfect person humm
Man - (Man feels a trap)
Man - (this man hasn’t got her on a pedestal. Moves on)
Woman - All men are players, jerks. I think he’s a Narcissist. He blocked, moved
on without even letting me say what, why and blah blah blah. I loved him so
much. He was my world, my life..my blah blah blah

For women walking away…do the same process.
Answer = people have expectations, they also fear pain, they ﬁnd they can’t get
what they want and feel pain.
They say again what they wanted but again, they are not listened to because
other person wants to feel they so fucking right and come with all sorts of past
experiences, fears and so this is the time now to prove some stupid point.
The other person had an idea to ﬁx and change that person.
Or the person already came with lots of fears and projects it in the relationship
and the self sabotage which comes from pain, from insecurities, from fear kicks
in and fucks it all up.
Rinse, repeat over and over again.
13.7k Views · View Upvoters

This good looking man ended up marrying an average looking
woman who is a professional pianist and not his long time
female friend who is a gorgeous Instagram model. I'm
wondering why he would go for her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before answering, let’s sort out some misconceptions…
You know, on how women who are models and women on Instagram are thick,
are not smart, got no brains, and only show their body because that’s all they can
do really?
He must have left her because she was just sex
You know, slut shaming women as nothing good but for sex, and all they are good
at is showing their ﬁgures.
How about…
Kate Beckinsale - Model and Actor

She’s also….
Won the W.H. Smith Young Writer's competition twice in her teens for
short stories and poems.
Studied French and Russian literature at New College Oxford.
Fluent in French, Russian, and German.
Laura Shields - Model and Actor

She also…
Has a Master's degree in chemical engineering from Leeds University.
Victor Zdrock - Glamour Model actor, Nude Glamour Model, Porn actor

She also…
Graduated Junior college at 17 and University summa sum laude at 18
with a B.A.
Has a J.D. from Villanova University School of Law and a Ph.D. in
Clinical Psychology from Drexel University.
Completed a post-doctoral qualiﬁcation in sex therapy at the New Jersey
School of Medicine. Speaks ﬁve languages.
What that tells us, is these women have guts. They could easily have done what
many do and follow their social peers to be accepted and ﬁt in but instead, they
followed what made them feel alive, satisﬁed and happy.
They probably already felt what it’s like, after all they went on that path already,
did their degrees and realised, they are not happy, and wanted to follow their own
path no matter if people judge them.
I could go on and on and on and there’s too many examples.

Now to your questions…
Yes, he’s doing what everyone does but we like to pretend we are better than
someone else. We love to say that we are better and not superﬁcial as models and
hot women on instagram.
We’ll slut shame, call women as “not good for sex only,” and how they just got
nothing else but a hot body and slut shame men too with, “men just see women
as sex,” and “players, bad boys, jerks,” on it goes.
It’s like people got to have people to be like them when we’re in a world with
diﬀerent people, diﬀerent beliefs, diﬀerent desires, needs, wants and yet we got
people trying to label them to make themselves in some group to say they are
better than them.
All such folks doing is like everyone else - trying to ﬁnd meaning of their life in
the world they are in and one way is to say “us” and “them.”
It’s nothing new. It’s been going for centuries.
Yeah, we all have a bit of Narcissim in us, acting superior. People got to follow our
rules, our norms or they are rebels, they are bad people, they are sluts, whores,
too easy, players, bad boys and jerks.
No one put a head in women or men to date anyone and yet, we still look to blame
someone or judge someone, because being a victim or being someone who feels
they are better, makes us all feel so good.
Reality is, we all got cracks in our lives, wearing masks and most of us charade
around the world being someone else, scared that if we don’t do what our social
peers say, we will be judged as sluts, whores, too easy, plays and bad boys, and…
superﬁcial.
We love to say the reason is the model is superﬁcial and just for sex and he left for
someone who has more blah blah blah.
So let’s look at a diﬀerent angle…
How do we know, that he had challenges being in a relationship with a
woman who is attractive, a model and felt insecure because he knew and
seen, wherever he walked, so many men looked at her, gave her attention
even when he is walking and being with her?
You think good looking men are not insecure?
I know many are very insecure you won’t believe. In fact, I got a que of them I am
coaching and some cannot eve approach a woman out fear of rejection.
Some who who are dating an attractive women are so full of fear of losing her,
grown possessive and jealous that they can’t even recognise who they are. Some
get so worked up because guys are staring her.
The damage they did to their relationship will bewilder you.
How do we know he just couldn’t take it and felt that this is going to be
this way all time and it caused problems in the relationship because he
made it an issue?
How do we know he wasn’t jealous, possessive and it caused heartache
for her and she had enough and it wasn’t he who walked away but she
did.
How do we know, he went for the average looking pianist because he felt
safer and less insecure? That he knows every guy is not going to hit on
her or stare at her when he’s walking about with her?

But we don’t think that can be the story.
Oh we love the story to make us look amazing, so smarter, so whatever because
we’re average looking and so, let’s s call any woman who is attractive a slut, a
whore, too easy, just for sex and if it wasn’t for her body, she can’t do anything
else.
We start answering from our reality, our religious, cultural, twisted minds
because we love to believe that story to make ourselves feel better…
“Yeah, these women are shallow and not good for only sex. That’s why he left.”
“Yeah, the reason is the model was not smart, intellectual so he now wants a
smarter woman.”
“Yeah these women who show their body got only that going for them.”
How about that he experienced things in life, he got diﬀerent values
and so he is looking for something else? No, not better but what is
compatible with the man he is today?
Or she changed and realised he’s not for her and felt it was time to
move on?
For example, what we believed in as a person 20 years ago, we don’t believe in it
anymore.
Or our perception has changed and even some of our values that we’re more
relaxed to laugh about it, not take it too serious and grown to now see much of
what we might believe can change.
This has nothing to do with the woman who is a model.
This has nothing to do with the other woman who is average looking professional
pianist.
This is to do, with what we all go through.
That we change and sometimes we desire something else, that sometimes we do
grow apart from someone else, due to experiences and due to wanting diﬀerent
things in our lives.
But to say that the reason that man married an average looking woman who is a
“professional pianist” because the model woman was nothing but for sex for
looks, is emotional bias.
It’s not talking into consideration that maybe the man feels unsafe, insecure that
he’s with an attractive woman and she gets attention far more than he does as a
man.
That he realised, what women realise - that their looks, curves, the man also with
his his size of his dick, his income and looks cannot control, ﬁx and change a
person to live a life they want.
How about we see that perspective than slut shaming women who are models
and men too.
Maybe she didn’t want to be married.
Maybe she didn’t want what he wanted.
Maybe he had expectations and realised those expectations will not happen for
him with her, and she didn’t know about these expectations. He realised, it’s time
to move on.

Maybe she had expectations but realised those expectations were not going to
happen and as time went by, she realised it’s time to move on.
We all like to believe in “us,” and “them.”
We all like to put some people in boxes and labels, to make ourselves feel we are
better, we are not shallow, we are not superﬁcial, far superior because we don’t go
for looks.
No, we are perfect!
But really..
We are no diﬀerent.
In reality, we choose what is best for us for that particular time in our life.
That’s why the man went for an average looking woman.
He’s looking for compatibility for the man he is today.
He went for what he desires now in his life and that doesn’t take away anything
from the woman who is a model.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are the 4 techniques that will attract any responsible man
and make him be with a lady forever?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing manipulative can do it.
Something most women have yet to grow up and learn
You cannot do anything manipulation to keep a man not even sex. So a woman
can do all manipulation she wants and even dangle sex as a carrot.
In the end, man will not be kept as a product, a possession and trophy.
The only way to increase the chances of that happening is when the woman does
away with status and looks for…compatibility…and in which the man desires this
compatibility so much in his life, and he knpws she has those those traits, the
values he desires so much in his life.
Problem is, most make the mistake, not just women but men too, where when
seeking someone as a partner/lover, they try to ﬁx and change the person, rather
than developing themselves and attracting compatibility.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of a man who avoids women that are
attracted to him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That he knows what he wants and will only date women he..is…attracted to.
Attraction isn’t a choice.
People are attracted to what they desire as said before, it happens all the time and
the women need to suck it up and move on and not call it “commitment issues,.”
He’s just doesn’t want to commit to these women.
That’s not an issue. That’s a reality.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do all guys like attractive girls?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like is diﬀerent to attraction.
I can like a woman but don’t want to date her because we’re not compatible. Or I
may like her style of clothes but I sure don’t want to be friends with or associate
with.
I may like her but I am not looking at physical much as it’s not sexual and
romantic. I may like, that she got knowledge or expertise in something so I
respect her mind and like to discuss, share, engage, get to know more of her
thinking and she has value in that knowledge.
She can be gorgeous, pretty but if she’s acting like a fucking bitch, head up her ass
then I’ll be turned oﬀ by her to even want to talk to her.
So “like,” doesn’t mean I am sexually and romantically attracted to her.
Like, meh, it’s just that…like.
I don’t get attracted to women because just ‘like.’
If a woman for examples said..
“I like you,” it doesn’t mean anything to me.
If a woman says, “I had to come over and say hi, because I wondered if you like to
go out sometime, for a drink, not as friends but you know..”
That’s now diﬀerent and if I am attracted to her I’ll say yes. If not, I’ll say I am
ﬂattered but not interested.
“Like,” is not strong enough for me when it comes to making decisions such as
dating a woman, as it needs a stronger desire.
But yes…
Whatever attractive means in our mind, what we see visual ﬁrst, then we are
drawn to her.
But it’s not enough.
If her attractiveness does not go with personality as well, and compatibility, I’m
not going to move forward to ask her out.
Some men will but I don’t want just pussy, tits, ass. I want Mind, I want also
personality, feelings, aﬀections, fun, excitement, we get along as well…as…pussy
and ass, tits.
I always after the looks I start looking for compatibility.
So there are other things to also consider.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ever feel disgusted by how superﬁcial people are?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I’m never disgusted by it because you never know someone for who they
really are. For example, I know many on Facebook and know their true life. The
life I see online, the life of happy, or so caring about their world, or so perfect, is
mostly just a way for them to ﬁnd meaning in world they are in.

Some are going through tough times. Some are hurting. Some I know who look
gorgeous, and so beautiful, I mean truly sexy on outside but I know they are
facing many challenges in their life.
Once, there was this girl and we were in a cafe and she was saying all kinds of shit
about this one guy, Bad Boy but then I told her something.
I told her that this Bad Boy you is all raving about in a bad way, calling him a
player, saying how he slept with lots of girls, is the guy who who looked after his
mum right up till her dying days.
She got ill and everyone she knew left while he stood by her, nursed her, looked
after her in house, moved in just to do that.
So you never know someone.
I know this girl on Instagram, looks hot, shows some parts of her body, naked
photos and all into superﬁcial stuﬀ, photos with her wearing choker, short skirt
and all people do is judge. Like they know her.
She’s doing something that gives her happiness, or meaning, whatever it is, I am
not into selﬁes except when my lovers just do it for me as I love seeing their
beauty and see them enjoying having fun being sexy but I don’t ﬁnd people
disgusting because they love their beauty, comfortable in their own skin to show
it online or they wear hot clothes, they look after their body, skin, dress trendy. It
makes them feel good, happy, more comfortable, a boost of conﬁdence as they try
to ﬁnd meaning in it all and the world that they are living in.
When you understand it from a rationale not judging and emotional bias, you get
to see why and what, and so you don’t see it disgusting.
After all, when we deﬁne other people or label, we are really saying what our own
thinking is and where we are in our life, and it’s more about ourselves than the
other person.
The same woman who is on instagram…is a mother, she’s courageous, she has
daughter who has an illness and every week she takes her daughter to hospital,
and she pours everything onto her, the love, the time, the caring, and she
struggles everyday and feels alone.
No one really knows the heartache she goes through but she loves her daughter so
much and she sees her daughter as a hero, a shining star in her life, and feels her
daughter gives her so much love back and I see her, the mother as a hero as well.
The doctor said to her to not have the baby but she decided to have her child and
she never regretted her decision.
We never know someone until we live in their lives for real.
Do you know, there are people who killed themselves because people made fun of
them online, people slandered them, people joked about them and bullied them.
With one video or one write up and they have destroyed someone.
We as human beings can hurt by words alone and these words can break hearts,
send someone into deep depression and even suicide.
We are all superﬁcial in our own way.
We all want some kind of feedback, attention or a touch of validation.
We never know a person behind all those photos, the clothes, the money, the
wealth, the good looks, the fame, the popularity, the fast car, the many women or
men they date, the smile on their faces and all those wonderful experience.

You’ve seen actors who make millions and comedians and ﬁnd out much later,
they had depression only when they have taken their life or left us due to illness
going deep.
It’s so easy for people to not mind their own business and work to bring someone
down, talk about someone and even write and slander someone. I just can’t
understand why some people would spend so much time judging others, so much
time hurting others, so much time writing about someone else and trying to
judge and bring them down.
We live in a gossip world and everything is gossip.
None of us are perfect.
None of us can say we are better than someone else.
None of us can even say we don’t have some shallowness in us. None of us can say
we don’t wear a social mask. We are all wearing some mask, all wishing we could
have what then other person has and it is that when someone tries to judge and
bring someone down, it is nothing but insecurities and really wasted energy.
One thing is for sure..
That person is a human being who we don’t know anything about how they feel,
what they are going through in their life. For all we know, that person is a hero in
someone’s life.
If they are shallow, so are all of us.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best pick-up line that made you interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was at a social barbecue. I only knew one person, the one who owned the house
and doing the barbecue and he invited me.
I said hi to everyone and went to get some food and as I turned round, there was a
tall blonde woman looking at me from the end of the garden. It was quiet a big
garden so I wasn’t sure if she was looking at me or someone else.
So for let’s say a few minutes I looked at her while and I loved her ﬂowing blonde
her, and she had the most amazing long smooth legs, and I grinned.
I walked somewhere to sit which was away from the crowd of people, had a hard
day at the recording studio.
She walked over and said..
Her - Hi. I just had to come over because it can go way over my head but am I being
stupid or is there a chemistry between you and me, when we looked at each other
for?”
That conﬁdent and humble behavior, with a smile and physical touch on my arm,
got me very interested…and made me laugh.
19.9k Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: My new girlfriend said my penis is
small. I'm 6 inches but all my other exes have said I'm big. I feel
really bad because she said that. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Go to a sex shop.

Buy a cock extension that makes your cock 12 inches and has a massive girth and
say to her…
The girls I dated and fucked, could take this in the ass EASY and so did their pussy’s
but hey, they were fucking amazing at sex. You’re alright, a 2 in sex. They were a 10
and amazing. Plus they had amazing tits and ass. Yours, mmmm, not there but
alright.
…………….
Let her go.
She’s playing conversation game and pushing buttons and knows this is going to
get you. That’s why you’re here. It works on guys who got girl on a pedestal and
not speak up due to fear of losing girl.
I would have ripped into her being fun and I won’t give a fuck how she took it.
She’s immature and needs to grow up.
8.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says you are nice looking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means fuck all. That’s what it means.
It just a compliment.
It’s like me saying to a woman..
“You look stunning in that dress. You got great style.”
Means fuck all. I’m not hitting on her. I’m complimenting.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What if your girlfriend says "I can't marry you because you
don't have a good job”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I remember a time that happened. I was focused on my passion. One year
later in relationship, she says same.
Next day, after she came from work, she saw two suit cases. I packed all her
belongs in them and said to her to leave, we’re done. Gave her money so she can
get a place for 3 months.
Two years later, I made it big in sales and my concept was taken on by a company,
and applied to new products and I kicked ass, big sales and I created those
products, so I made some good money.
She heard from friends, called and wanted to be back. I said no as she is not
compatible and she showed me what love meant to her. Though I know love is not
enough but that was biggest turn oﬀ when she said that,
Made sure next women knew where I stand on this issue. They get oﬀ their
fucking asses, and work but don’t dictate how it goes on my life. That’s why I say,
if a woman wants a certain life, go and create it and stop trying to change
someone. Same for guys too. Don’t go for women and then try changing them to
ﬁt your box kind of life.
Never had any problems after that from any lovers later on, even when I faced
economical challenges which sometimes happens.

I would never tolerate that kind of talk or demands.
Find someone who loves you for real because life throws a lot of hooks and she
will make money as the sole reason to leave.
Life has now given you a warning. A big one.
You now know who she is and nothing wrong with it but I won’t be with a woman
who thinks like that. You be with someone for who they are now not some
expectations.
I know life very well and it can surprise you with ﬁnancial challenges ahead and
she will be the ﬁrst to fuck oﬀ when it happens. Life isn’t linear. It can be a
rollercoaster. Years you’re ok ﬁnancial and you get hit by something and it’s way
out of your control and the last thing you need is someone close to you bringing
you down.
You’re not married.
You haven’t got children.
Think way ahead if challenges ﬁnancially does happen, you got laid oﬀ work and
you try ﬁnding a job but nothing for 2 years.
You really think she’ll be around supporting and encouraging you?
Doubt that.
Look up “Hypergamy,” on youtube.
She’s going to be one of those who when tough times comes, she’ll be looking to
date and marry up.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I want to have sex with my teacher?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Status
2. Your perceived value is saying “he/she is hot.”
3. Your hormones kicking oﬀ
4. Makes you think you’re special if you did attract the teacher
5. You probably got not many friends or you have no options at all in dating
other people.
6. Probably stuck at home and never going out so always fantasizing
Yes, it’s natural, so don’t think it’s not normal. It is.
Relax. Many students experience it.
It’s ok to feel it but just have smartness to not go any further.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

At which moment of your life did you feel most powerful?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my lovers, before we dated, needed help with winning a court case. She
didn’t have money, she was literally screwed and the company was taking
advantage.

One of my friends sent me an email because he knows I know a thing or two
about courts, laws and so, I emailed her. Said, if she’s willing to ﬁght, I’d like to
put these bastard corporate in their place but she might not win and she can’t
learn much of what is needed before the courts case.
She agreed and I went for the bastard.
I got everything together, called some barristers I knew, and they hammered me
with knowledge, everything they could ﬁre at me.
My talent, is I have good memorisation. I can consume information and
understand it, no matter how complicated it is.
Took 5 months and so we stepped into court.
They didn’t see it coming and we won the case.
I saw their faces, winked and walked out with her smiling. She was still shocked
because she never really expected to win.
I was also shocked it went that easy.
That’s when I felt the most powerful and also, I knew, if ever I wanted to get in
law, I had the mind for it.
11.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sebastián Martínez

What types of girls do guys try to avoid?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Crap at sex
2. Talks about ex
3. Talks about who checked her out
4. Talks about crushes
5. Plays mind games
6. The girls that ﬂakes
7. Who cannot keep a secret
8. The “I get bored easily and impatient,” is the girl who is not looking for
anything else but excitement, a fuck which is ﬁne and nothing wrong
with it but when infatuation is gone, she’ll be like a Covert Narcissists
devaluing you and then disappears. She loves bombs you in begining,
showing admiration for you, saying all kinds of things on what she likes
to do with you (sex) wise but then she is so shit at consistency, immature
that she is nothing but infatuation crazy. When that feeling goes, she
behaves in a manner of devaluing you. So when love bombing starts,
watch out. You got yourself a Narcissist.
9. She’s desperate for relationship before you even dated, had sex, got to
know more about her, met her friends, and had a lot more experiences
with her. No, she already framed it into a relationship way before that
happens and does so with every guy she is attracted to.
10. The jealous and possessive.
11. The one who always says “oh Jerks use me for my body and sex”
12. The victim type.
13. The “I don’t know what I want.”
14. The “I don’t believe in love,” in ﬁrst time she met you whether online or
oﬄine. Already fucking serious and showing insecurities.

15. She puts other women down, calling them sluts, whores, too easy
16. She bullies others
17. Attention seeker and all she cares is her in limelight, take..take..take and
gives nothing at all.
18. “I’m so awkward with sex and ﬂirting,” and yet so into guy but doesn’t
learn how to and then you ﬁnd out she’s been banging her ex, and
sending hot naked photos to her girl-friends, but with you she’s all shy,
awkward, and you know she’s dangling it all like a carrot.
19. The “Oh I got a secret but won’t tell you.” Conversation gamer.
20. She makes sex a big deal and you just know she’s already trying to judge
you as a “player.”
21. The girl who is negative in conversation/text and emotionally draining.
22. Girl who says she’s feminist and uses it to talk negative about man and
goes oﬀ “oh women with through more struggle than men.”
23. The one who is online ranting about guys and who sends her dick
photos, pimping her sexual image like she’s a goddess, and no one gives
a fuck about it.
24. The “I’m not into looks but personality,” and you see her dating good
looking guys and complaining about jerks and bad boys.
25. Liars
26. Cheaters
27. Backstabbers
28. Abusers
29. The ones who talk about how they have sex 4 times a week, fucking guys
here and there, and yet…shit at it, insecure about it and just absolutely
the ones who to stay the hell away from. The ﬁrst to call you a creep if
you sexualise as you ﬂirt.
30. The one who dangles sex like a carrot, as if it’s a prize to be won; and it’s
suppose to keep the guy. Surprise motherfuckers, that’s not how it works.
31. The one who tries to ﬁx and change the guy
24.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to ﬁnd out if a girl likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can you ﬁnd out if a girl likes you?

You go up to her and..
You - Do like food?
Her - Yes
You - Do you like ice cream
Her - Yes
You - Do you like me
Her - Erm, well, yes
You - Oh cool.
Her - Bye
You - How about your number?
Her - I said I like you but not in that way
;)

That’s how you know if she does or not but like…well…meh, what is like. It’s shit.
You like someone but so what.
Like you as a friend
Like you as a buddy
Like you as cool guy
Like you to date
What type of like.
Ah, now we are getting somewhere.
That’s what you REALLY got to ﬁnd out and looking for hints is very dangerous.
You invest too much for nothing.
Might as well get it over and done with.
Flirt, be fun, show your personality and then ask her out.
11.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy asks you out, and you tell him
you have a boyfriend, and then he stops talking to you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He values his time
2. He didn’t approach to be her friend like some nice guy but was direct
with the girl.
3. He doesn’t believe she’s entitled for anything else, which is right
4. He’s not going to waste his time and invest his emotions. There’s no
point being friends with someone he’s attracted to and get played, and
emotionally invest. He’s not going to be an emotional support. He’s not
interested being friends.
5. He knows what he wants and what he doesn’t want.
6. He has found his answer. It’s a fuck no, then it is also a fuck no for the
girl to have any time from him because his time is a valued resource to
him, and rightly so.
7. He knows girls love attention but he’s not going to give it only to the girl
he’s going to date, and he doesn’t give a damn what anyone thinks.
8. He got self respect.
9. He’s…moved on. So should the girl.
10. That’s how you do it. Like a boss.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What feature do you ﬁnd the most attractive on the human
face?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best curve - the smile and those eyes. You can tell a lot about a woman’s eyes.
I love the blue eyes, the green eyes, the brown eyes, in fact any colour eyes of a
woman when she smiles with them too.
Pity, many women don’t smile much.
One of the best curves of a woman is her smile.
If only many smile, it just makes your day feel awesome.

608 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy stares at you and doesn't look
away when you look at him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why do guys stare at girls, but don't look away when the girls look at them?

1. We are ﬂirting.
2. We are ﬂirting some more.
3. We are ﬂirting a lot more.
4. Because some of us don’t give a shit what girls think.
5. Because we can.
6. Because these guys don’t feel intimidated if you stare back
7. Because we are challenging the girl..
“Hey, are you interest or what? Then fucking smile and wave, so I know you
want me to approached because I know you haven’t got te spine to do so
AND you know the deal about fear of rejection. You fear rejection too. So…
SMILE, DO SOMETHING to let me know you are interested in me too and
I’ll approach you!”
8. Did I say…we are ﬂirting ;)
18.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is your biggest regret in life?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Updated Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My biggest regret is not spending enough time with my mum and dad. Especially
my mum.
It’s a weird feeling.
When she died and my dad gone, nothing mattered much.
Sure, I still going for my dreams, doing my thing but I wanted them to see the
ﬁnal result of achievement but…dreams sometimes don’t happen in the time
span you want it to be.
I wanted to buy her a house, pay oﬀ all her debts, so she can relax. Same for my
dad as well.
But by time I even got to that stage in my life, it was too late.
My mum died too young and my dad grew old, locked down by his mind, that
you’re unrecognizable to him.
In all their things they did, I still feel they did the best they could and actually, far
better than I could ever have done if I was in their situation. Migrating to a new
country when young, not knowing english, and working, and she’s bringing up 6
children wasn’t easy for them.
Both were courageous, both were too young to have got married. Both
unprepared but they always kept ﬁghting to do the best they can.
So even if we didn’t agree on mostly everything, I’m proud of both of them.
But my regret is I didn’t do enough to see them both and make their life easier.
Thing is, I’ll never have a second chance.

That’s my biggest regret.
Everything else is pretty fucking easy.
I can take the whole world on and not even ﬂinch but this gets me every-time,
and weighs heavy on my shoulders everyday and will do for the rest of my life.
You can fuck up at anything but if you fuck up on this, personally, I feel it’s the
biggest fuck up of your life compared to anything else.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Are attention and sex good reasons to be in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You determine what you want and so you seek someone who is compatible.
Forget good or bad reasons.
Think what you’re reasons are and be honest about it and you’ll push some away
and some will be attracted to you.
I have found that has worked for me.
For example, I am direct in what I desire, yes, including sex and that pushes some
women away and attracts only the women I desire, and who are compatible. Be
true to yourself and what you want.
Avoid being dictated by society and social peers and be true to yourself, and
avoid falling for the bullshit out there.
You’ll ﬁnd it makes it so much easier for those who desire what you got to ﬁnd
you and pushes those away who don’t.
Makes life so much easier and you don’t waste time on people trying to ﬁx and
change you, and you trying to ﬁx and change someone else.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What could be the reasons/ intentions of a guy who asks a girl
out directly on okCupid on his ﬁrst message?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a dating website. Time is valuable.
What you think a conﬁdent man and someone who values his time does? He
makes sure to not play games and ask there and then.
That doesn’t mean he wants a relationship because it’s immature to even have
expectations of that so soon.
Dating is what it’s for both, the man and woman to ﬁrst get to know and later
ﬁnds compatibility or not. The faster to meet, the faster he gets to know the
woman and she knows him to ﬁnd out the answer, the vibe, if compatible or not.
What do most probably want is…
Back and forth messages for days and weeks like some pussy of a man who scared
if he oﬀends the woman for being direct.
That’s what dating is. You ask for what you want instantly and the dating part of
meeting, going out is where you get to know each other.
Men take far more risks when it comes to dating and when he does a lot of it to
such you have enough of the bullshit, you get to the point to ask for what you

want. Women do not approach guys a lot or send messages a lot ﬁrst or do much
of the work.
Men do and so when we do it often, we get tired of women who want to be treated
like a princess, back and forth messages, on and on for it to go nowhere. You get
tired of wasting time to ﬁnd the meeting doesn’t happen, and all she wanted was
attention.
We could have used that time on someone else who.
There are women like that online, who take too long and many have lots of men
messaging them, kissing their asses, like white knights. Dragging it on for weeks
on end.
A woman puts a photo on and she’ll get tons of messages not a man except if he’s
very hot looking and even then he knows most women are passive at dating
online and oﬄine.
So when a man got experience and knows how it is, he’s going to be direct. He’s
going screen women out who take too long and prioritize faster.
That’s what the biog proﬁle and photo is for. We see, we read, we message to meet
and take it from there.
Either Fuck Yes or Fuck no, and if no, we move on.
If yes, we move to meet or talk on phone, and then meet.
You’re on a dating site and he doesn’t want to emotionally invest time, eﬀort for
days, weeks on any woman who doesn’t know what she wants. He wants a yes or
no, and if no, he moves on.
His reason, “cut through the bullshit and games. Yes or no.”
13 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tara Nguyen

If a girl likes you, will she let you know that she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have a rule.
Never rely on anyone which you can go and do yourself because you may soon
realise, not everyone has the courage to do so,
It’s understandable, people do fear rejections and a host of other challenges.
I know women who are attracted to me and have been since we were at school,
and they ever told me until I was 25 years old but like I said to them, they fell for
the idea of me not who I am because that guy back then is no more. He’s grown,
changed many a times to someone else.
Some didn’t say until I was 35 years old.
You might have the same experience in which girls are interested in you but
won’t say it because of fear of rejection, fearing also being judged as too easy,
sluts, whores for approaching a guy and asking him out.
So you will ﬁnd most women won’t say it.
If you are attracted to someone, I’d not wait or look for hints, and signals ad
instead, approach and lead. Or you could be waiting for a long time and it be very
frustrating for you and…for her if she expects a man who has balls to approach,
remove the obstacles by you leading.
40 Views · View Upvoters

After a gap of almost 14 years, I reconnected with my 9th grade
crush over the internet. We live in diﬀerent countries and we
chat occasionally. Will it be a good idea to tell her my feelings
over chat, so that I can actually get to know her more?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would deﬁnitely stay away from bringing it up.
You are talking about the idea of her and that’s not going to go down too well,
saying to someone you had feelings for them 14 years ago. You’re actually
insulting the person because you fell for who they were 14 years ago and not now.
And what’s with people these days who got to tell their feelings of love, when they
have yet to establish mutually attraction.
You’re going for the roof before you even got the foundation sorted.
First mutually attraction, and if she reveals to you her intent of mutually
attraction is the same, then still do not say about those feelings and ﬁrst develop
connection for a certain period of time and focus on the feelings now and not
about 14 years ago.
She is not that girl anymore and nor are you that guy.
What you fell for is nothing but an idea of the person not the person themselves.
Control your emotions and focus ﬁrst establishing if there she is mutually
attracted to you rather conveying feelings regarding 14 years ago and how you
feel the same now. Do away with that and not say anything about it.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you call a guy who is overconﬁdent and loves to bring
other guys down by insulting their masculinity (or lack of)?
Adam Taha, I love reading books on leadership.
Answered Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s not conﬁdence. That’s insecurity, bullying people. Masculinity isn’t about
showing how tough you are. In fact, Masculinity is about discipline, focus,
channeling all testosterone in a positive manner that uplifts, inspires others
around us, and shows others their strengths rather than their weakness.
The guy you’re talking about seems like is on the defensive, insecure, when
around other people. Bringing other men down to make one self feel better about
themselves. It is the opposite of conﬁdence.
It’s bullying. Abuse.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How long can a video be for an Instagram story?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was 3-15 seconds.
But now it is 3-60 seconds.
On Instagram help centre (link below) it says it can be as long as 60 seconds or as
short as 3 seconds.
How many seconds of video can I record?
I created a video and edited it for 60 seconds, and using my PC and third party
free software called Gamblr, I upload it.

It is now working on my instagram page. 60 second video playing.
39.3k Views · View Upvoters

Does the “no contact” rule work? I broke up with my boyfriend
last month and am hoping this “no contact” rule will work. We
haven't spoken since the breakup. Will it work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you mean by - work?
If you’re using this as some punishment or trying to get someone to be serious, or
trying to use it as a manipulation tool, then you got it upside down.
No Contact isn’t about that.
It is about giving you space, to focus on you, to heal, to invest in yourself and give
yourself the time to get your life together without the other person.
It prevents the drama.
It prevents the other person as well doing things to you with fake apologies where
they are not going to ﬁx any mess, dragging you back into their drama, and
unselﬁsh ways and to slowly lower the frequency and emotions of attachment
regarding them.
It is there to give you the space when you feel that there is no point in talking,
communicating and personally, they had it all and they didn’t do jack shit about
it, and took you for granted, so now you are moving on, spending time on
yourself, on your life, on your interest, on your social circle and moving on to
focus entirely on you.
That’s what no contact is for.
I use it when I know, I have had enough of giving, of the drama, and I’m not
having it anymore, and I close all doors shut.
I block everything, social media, phone, delete all photos and focus on myself.
I’ve given enough, they gave little or nothing, and now I take it all back and move
on.
It helps to move on faster if you understand what no contact is and what you
need to do for you.
This isn’t about the other person but you.
So yes, it works for people who take it seriously and who use it to focus on
themselves, build themselves, grow, heal and move on.
It doesn’t for people who are back and forth, using it to hit at someone, doing
some punishment game and manipulation to ﬁx and change people.
This isn’t silent treatment.
This is door shut, moving on, no going back, focusing on yourself to grow, heal
and start fresh.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

A guy kept giving me attention and would always talk and stare
at me and then he suddenly stopped. Why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He probably fears rejection

2. So he behaved passive aggressive
3. He approached and had a go talking to you to show interest and doesn’t
really know how to do this due to his fears and lack of experience
4. Hoping you’d show interest back by ﬂirting with him
5. But he didn’t see anything of such thing
6. Got frustrated
And moved on to maybe if he sees someone else he’s attracted to to try there.
That’s just my assumptions as I cannot read his mind nor can you.
Only way to know is when you see him, ask him out for a drink and turn the heat
on by ﬂirting.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Selina Saliya

How do I have sex with strangers?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Make sure you got a good photo. If you’re woman you got no problem
having tons of guys wanting casual sex. If you’re a guy it be a diﬀerent
story except if you’re hot looking.
2. Get on Tinder
3. Be fun and sexual, brash, bold on your bio
4. And start swiping.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

A girl sends me hearts through text. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means nothing.
Put this in your mind right now. It means nothing. Avoid ﬁlling your head and
looking for any signs and hints.
You never take a girls number who you’re attracted to if you haven’t ﬁrst shown
intent, where you shown you’re attracted to her and she has shown she is mutual
attracted to you.
You can get lots of kisses emoji, hearts and all kinds of stuﬀ and it will mean
nothing. Yes, girls will even say all sorts too but don’t let your emotions get
carried away.
It means nothing until she has speciﬁcally said to your face or by words that she
is attracted to you, that feels it and even then, it is better you have met, and
dated, and sex and relationship for sometime to think much of it.
Now grab your balls, meet her if you’re local, and ﬁnd out if she is attracted to you
as you are to her. If it’s fuck no, move on. If it’s a fuck yes move forward and know
how to do so.
If it’s an ambiguous answer, it’s not good enough, move on. Don’t wait for her to
make her mind up.
Whatever you do, do not read into things and ﬁll your heard and start thinking of
falling in love over some symbols.
You’re not in a romantic and sexual relationship with her, so do not take it
seriously. You want to know, ask her but don’t start emotionally investing and

building some Hollywood, Bollywood movie and expectations in your head.
That’s how you gets fucked up.
Girls do all sorts out of emotions and they even send hearts, kisses to their own
girls-friends. They do that a lot. They’ll even say you are the world to them, more
than heaven and earth, and how can it be, they are blessed to ﬁnd someone like
you.
It’s all bullshit until she dates you, rode your dick many a times, been in
relationship with you and has gone through tough times with you, and shown
you are the world to her, and you also shown her that to.
But if none of that has happened - pause the Hollywood/Bollywood movie in your
mind, erase the idea you got of her, then smash that pedestal you got her sitting
on and don’t take any of it seriously.
17.4k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man bored of having sex with his girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Routine
2. Not enough role play and having fun before sex to build sexual tension
3. Can also be insecurities which prevents exploring more together due to
fear of being judged by the other partner
4. Sexual taboo mindset to avoid experiencing more together
5. Lack of knowledge, experience and creativity
6. The man and woman see it as just fucking than love making
7. The man and woman see it as pleasuring themselves not each other
Deﬁnitely, routine kills it
2k Views · View Upvoters

What pissed you oﬀ today?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Oct 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever had those moments where you had a book or pen, and then you
somehow can’t ﬁnd it. I mean you had it, somewhere but now it just disappeared
like that!
And it gets on your nerves.
You know why?
Because when you don’t want the book or the pen, or whatever you was looking
for, it suddenly appears!
That’s what happened today. I mean it’s a thick big book and I couldn’t ﬁnd it and
there it was right in front of me, beside the laptop, I have been typing away and
yet, couldn’t see it.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What has been your best sexual experience?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s very diﬃcult to answer. I have too many great sexual experiences but what
sticks in my mind is..

The three Christian girls.
They all looked dolled up in their pretty dresses, looking like good girls and I stay
far away from such girls, as I am into girls who don’t say..
“OOoh can’t do that, I’m religious blah blah blah.”
But..
One of my friends invited me to a party and I had a band rehearsal that night too
but I promised him I’d go so I thought I’d just go with him, show up, stay for an
hour and then head oﬀ for rehearsals with my band.
I arrived but it wasn’t like usual parties, packed with church goers. While
everyone was decked up, all plush. I was in leather jacket, jeans, guitar strapped
on behind my back and well, let’s say, I sure didn’t ﬁt in the crowd of people.
Three white Christian girls stood out in their pretty dresses and there was
something diﬀerent about them. I didn’t know what but they were whispering,
giggling and looking towards me and my friend.
They were near the food and drinks area so I dragged my friend with me to get
close, and gave one of the girls a wink.
As I walked out for a breather with my drink, one of the girls followed and we got
talking and I had some fun, physical touches and later, I took her further away.
She followed without any resistance.
There was a lot of trees, like a small kind of forest type of park, so went there, and
starting kissing her, as my hands spread her legs, to feel her damp wet pussy.
I went down on her by ﬁrst turning her around spread her ass cheeks and started
eating her pussy. Licking from bottom and all the way up gently ﬁrst. Continued
to just lick gently, feeling the outer of her pussy lips, and using my tongue to go
all all around, to hear her groan.
I could feel her legs quivering and her hands pressing my head deep and that was
my cue to dig deeper, as I sﬁngered, licking and sucking.
I could feel her rhythm and her swolleb clit and started sucking harder as put her
hand over her mouth, trying to not moan too loud and scream. I kept telling her
she’s gorgeous, and how we can have so much pleasures together in a more
private place but for now, she’s got amazing ass and pussy, and I love her sexual
conﬁdence and daring bold attitude. It’s sexy.
Her legs began to shake violently and it felt like her legs were about to cave in, I
turned her around and started caressing, licking and suckling her swollen
breasts, while still stroking and ﬁngering her pussy…biting her harden nipples, to
pick her up to ride on my dick while I’m standing.
We ﬁnished with her giving me the most amazing wet blow job.

As we walked down back to the party, we decided to meet again tomorrow night.
The day and evening came and she wasn’t alone. She was with the other two girls
and now, they were dressed very diﬀerently.
This is similar to how they were dressed when I ﬁrst saw them…

Ad now they were dressed similar to this style…

I had a gig that night.
I got them in for free, and whatever drinks they wanted, and after the gig we went
back to my place…all three of them.
I don’t drink but I did buy a couple of bottles to ease the night in and as we got
comfortable with some music in the background and lights dimmed in living
room….I started kissing her and the other girls too.
We were all on settee and they just ﬂowed with it, kissing them one by one,
caressing and suckling their breasts, feeling their legs and asses, got them kissing
each other, eating each others pussy as I eat one of them out. It was one hell of a
threesome and we were just warming up.

I had her sit her ass on my face, got her to climb up legs wide and other giving me
a blow job, and third eating her pussy out, and we just kept going like that,
alternating again and again, and over again.
I got all three down on ﬂoor and have them licking my balls and dick, each one
taking their turn licking, sucking and hand twisting.
I had to stop them after a while, as I didn’t want to cum yet, so got down on ﬂoor,
had one girl sit on my face to eat her pussy, other riding my dick cowgirl style,
and third licking her pussy and my dick as the fucking started.
I got the girls alternating and later to fuck each of them in a doggy style positions
as they eat each other out.
The room was ﬁlled with moans, groans, screams.
Every time I felt I was about to cum, I’d get the girl to stop and we’d alternate into
diﬀerent positions.
It was 2 hours of doing just that and ﬁnished with getting a blow job as each took
turn licking the ﬂow of cum.
We ended it with all of us having a shower and I discovered these three girls were
into each other but they never brave enough to say it to one another.
That night broke the ice for them and so they were kissing each other in shower
while I was having fun with feeling their gorgeous curves, ass, tits using shower
gel.
When ﬁnished, we’d agree to meet again and all three would meet and they’d also
go to band rehearsals with me, and later head to my place.
It was an amazing 3 years.
If you like to read more dating and sex stories then visit my quora blog:
Adam' s Funny, Weird, Strange Dating Stories
For my art and sketches
My Sketches, Paintings And Digital Designs
9k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a guy is the faithful type?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You get this device and point it at him…and if it goes to the far right he’s faithful
but if it goes far left then he’s not…

Or you can let go of the control because you’re never going to really know except
through time.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your ex approached you again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It probably go like…
Online
Ex - Hey Adam, I missed you
Me - Hug a Pizza ;)
Ex- Haha. Can’t you be you know, be comforting
Me - You got your sex toys for that ;)
Rx - You haven’t changed
Me - Nop but I am sure you now learned that. Took awhile huh?
Ex - :P
Me - ;)
Ex - I’m so sorry
Me - Sorry for being a bitch, or sorry for being emotional shit or sorry because you
haven’t got my dick controlled?
Ex - You’re so mean,
Me - Girl, dating a bad boy and callIng him mean is like staring at a lion and
saying “oh please don’t eat me.”
Me - Now what you’re sorry for?
Oﬄine
Ex - Hey, how you doing?
Me - Doing great and what your doing around here?
Ex - Oh just you going to cafe rocks
Me - Me too. Let’s have a drink and chat
Ex - I’d like that
It can go in any number of ways.

12.1k Views · View Upvoters

What causes people to get horny?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see a woman, you feel attracted, you want to feel her skin, pressing her lips
on yours. Your eyes glide to down her cleavage breasts, your hear t racing as your
eyes follow the contour line down to her hips and ass cheeks, and the smooth
skin of her legs.
It is our natural instinct, survival, to procreate.
It is the driving pulsating and pounding of the ﬂow of testosterone, and without it
no action can be taken.
Without it, you don’t take risks, you don’t compete and your lineage, become
instinct, done, ﬁnished, end of the line.
The hormone is activated by sight, visual…and smell and this can be so intense
and whether you are in beginning stages of attraction, or in the beginning stages
of romance, or in a relationship, where thoughts and emotions run high, out of
control, so intense that…you can lose your appetite, stop sleeping, lose focus and
concentration when what you feel isn’t reciprocated by the other person.
That’s why, always ensure, the other person is mutually attracted to you and to
avoid investing time, emotions until that is so and they do so with action and not
words alone.
Or you waste time and your survival or future survival of your own next
generation is in the brink of annihilation for wasting time on someone who does
not reciprocate, or someone you have not shown intent so you qualify if they are
mutually attracted and compatible with you.
Being horny is natural, seeing a woman and feeling aroused is natural but always
ensure mutual attraction is their in words and in action.
36k Views · View Upvoters

Would you marry a girl who lost her virginity before you to
someone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes because I am not hunting or in a race for a trophy or conquest. They are same
person with just some experience.
I’m not falling for the socially conditioning about virginity. I’m not that bothered
about it. I ﬁnd a woman who has sexual experience, far more comfortable to be
with and pleasurable than someone who thinks her virginity is some conquest or
trophy to be given.
I’m not interested if a woman is virgin or not but rather on the attraction is there
and most of all..compatibility.
I personally cannot stand that cultural programming, religious, soul-mate
fallacies, which are socially constructed to dictate and follow social peers beliefs.
438 Views · View Upvoters

Isn't it boring to just always be either submissive or dominant
during sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not boring. I’m by nature dominant. I’ll never be submissive and all my
lovers and women I desire are submissive. I won’t be dating or be in relationship
with women who are not submissive. I’m dominant and it has never been boring
for me or my lovers, or women who don’t want relationship but sex.
I’m a Dom. I don’t ever want to be dominated.
There are many ways to have sex, as a Dom and Sub, and it can be fun and
exciting, always. It depends on knowledge, skill, experience, and also intense
attraction has to be there.
It’s like cooking, you can use same seasoning but you can cook hundreds and
more dishes and that’s all to do with knowledge, skill and experience.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend seems very independent and I'm very dependent.
She likes freedom and to be alone sometimes. How can I adapt
to her life style (spare me any reasons why I shouldn't)?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would actually use the opportunity to have a chat with your girlfriend and ﬁnd
out what freedom and independent looks like to her. You know, talk to her and
ﬁnd out and she’ll say how she likes it, and you’ll get more insight from her than
anyone else in world.
And also share who you are in a sense too, and then you can work together to
make it work for both of you.
There is no better person to ﬁnd her lifestyle, and she learns of yours, and come
together in ﬁguring out what space means to all kinds of things only both of you
can really learn from each other.
So really, it’s just about communication.
Second, you can also focus on getting busy on your purpose, goals, hobbies,
interests. I’m sure there are things you can get busy with yourself like expanding
your own social network, investing in skills, take up a hobby you’re interested in
and work that gets you busy.
End of the day, girlfriend or not girlfriend, you need to invest in your purpose and
goals, so no one is centre of your life and if any leave, you have built something
for your life anyway
3k Views · View Upvoters

How should a girl react if a boy said to her "I got bored; that's
why I messaged you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He - I got bored - that’s why I messaged you
You - Zzzzzzzzzzz
628 Views · View Upvoters

She tells me she loves a man she’s not with, she tells me she’s
not attracted to me but, we end up meeting and getting
intimate, why is that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….you let it happen.

You cannot control someone’s action but you can control yours.
You do it because you want her pussy, tits and ass so bad, you let her in, you pick
up messages, you go and meet, you supplicate, like you are begging in your mind
and hoping she changes to desire you.
And guess what?
She knows too and she knows she can call, text, and you’ll run to her like a good
little boy, and then bitch about it to everyone else, like a Nice Guy.
Have boundaries and stop being a Nice Guy.
Say no, you’re not interested in meeting and stop faking you’re being a friend
when really you want more.
That’s not just with women but in everything, relatives, friends, jobs because
right now you so craving for validation, approval and acceptance that you will let
people walk all over you.
If you don’t want it to happen, learn to say no and move on.
She told you she loves another man and still you meet her in hope she falls for
you. She sees you got no options, she sees you’re a guy who she can ask for you
time and you just let it happen.
If you don’t like what’s going on, say so and move on.
Take responsibility for your own actions because you cannot control people but
you can say, “no, I am not putting women on pedestals, I am not a white knight and
I can do better in being with a woman in a sexual and romantic way that is
interested in me, is passionate and desires me.”
But right now, you let it happen.
If you don’t have boundaries, people walk all over you, use your time, vomit their
aﬀairs and their desires about someone they want, talk shit all day, ﬂirt or do
whatever because THEY KNOW they can with you.
Set boundaries. Take control of your life.
Don’t let anyone make that decision you.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why didn't my grandmother like it when I came out of my
room, walked through the hallway into the living, and then into
the kitchen to get my Dr. Pepper out of the refrigerator? She
started talking down and bad about me.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Next time, don’t walk through the hall way like she doesn’t exist. Relax,
say hi, ask how she is and what she’s doing today.
2. Next time, if walking through hall way means walking past her from
front then instead walk behind her. She might feel it’s rude to walk past
her like that. You never know. Or stop, say hi and how she’s doing. Maybe
she’s hurt you didn’t do that.
3. Next time, ask if she wants a drink too or something.
4. Next time, avoid spending all time in your room and give time to her.
Life is short, she maybe lonely and upset, you didn’t giver her time. Even
if it’s 10–20 mins of your time.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁnd my passion?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Updated Oct 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure. I call it…
The Fuck You Program.
You’ll see why when you keep reading because you need the strong mindset of
not giving a fuck especially when you fail and life throws it’s hooks at you…
Here is my Fuck You Program :)

I am now on the “Grow reach and website” phase, designing and building the
website. I’m not going to hammer on free traﬃc as that’s slow. So been making
money to invest in paid advertising to move heavy traﬃc when launched.
Also, I had to live ﬁrst, solve the problems, which took years but also it came with
lot of challenges as well but these were just obstacles I knew were to come and I
had ideas to solve them and I did as they came.
That doesn’t mean I wasn’t working in a job.
I was a top earning sales rep, a marketing and editor chief of magazine for a
company and I even became a teacher too.
I worked as a manager and various jobs because you have to also ensure you get
the bills sorted but when the job was over on day, I switched oﬀ focusing on
making my passion/lifestyle a reality.
I had to live ﬁrst, gain lots of experiences and as I did, I changed as a man, my
values changed and the path became clearer and speciﬁc on what my my passion
is…
And it is what makes me..feel…alive.
So I still worked in jobs.
I worked diﬀerent jobs but each one was not really for money but for a clear cut
purpose.
I went for jobs to gain the experiences, specialised knowledge, skills and not the
route of getting degree but hands on approach.

The jobs paid me good money to pay for the living, to invest in myself with
knowledge, skills and being able to combine them all into a unique combination.
I will write the experience into a book one day

I ﬁrst got to ﬁnish the phases, and I got tons of clients already, a team and when I
can breathe, I will share the book on my new website.
So I am hoping it prepares you mentally, not to dishearten you but to toughen you
for the journey ahead.
For now…
Here’s why I called it The Fuck You Program…
When passion is mentioned it seems to look like this..

But what it can look like the image below, when you ﬁnd yourself alone as
everyone says to you to be realistic, be like some else’s son or daughter.

You hear…
‘Why do you have to be so diﬀerent and not follow same path as other
brothers/sisters…or even the son/daughter of someone else…’
You will probably also hear parents saying they know better on what your life
should be like….

You’ll hear how they did everything for you, how they sacriﬁced for you and on
and on goes with the guilt trip as they tell you - to be normal and be realistic, and
to just follow how everyone else does it.
It can make you feel like this…

It’s where you come from community of strict religion, culture, traditions and
norms, where mostly everything you want to do, participate in and even achieve
is forbidden.
That you will bring shame to the family and people will talk.
You could ﬁnd yourself disowned, cast out, seen as shame and an embarrassment
to the family…and…you now fear you won’t have the stability, ﬁnancial support
or the basics of a warm cozy home at your mummy’s and daddy’s basement.
You can also end up like this…for a long while or indeﬁnitely…

I am not trying to cast doubts on your path nor trying to scare you from ﬁnding
and following your ‘passion.’
But this needs to be said because so many believe this path is easy, predictable
and most people procrastinate, do things to self sabotage because failure is
predictable, it’s easy to do.
Even when doors open for people to get mentorship/coaching. Those doors close
fast because the mentor has no time babysitting people who are not going to
knuckle down and instead continue the old habits.
Most people who went on this journey found them in a dark place like there is no
hope to make it happen but people don’t see what you had to do get to where you
wanted to be but the ﬁnished product…

It’s easy to make every kind of excuses and it’s easy to do the self destructive talk,
the lips to the internal self sabotage dialogue, instead of following the strategy
and plan to get on with it as time is ticking.
It’s not passion you’re looking to ﬁnd.
It’s the Purpose.
The case which come from a lot of living and facing your own demons and
other people’s demons
It is the cause that drives you.
The reason why propelling you forward.
It’s like dating.
People over think, will read lots of books, read lots of blogs and do lots of other
action except such as they so want to debate, give their fucking opinion but they
are not doing the actions out in the real world that needs to be done.
It’s called a buﬀer…to procrastinate due to fear of rejection and success.
They don’t really believe in themselves. They do it to create predictable outcome,
the victim story and the comfort zone is predictable.

There’s no one to push you and you either do it or you don’t.
No one wants to hear how hard it is or why you can’t get your shit together
because everyone is trying to get their shit together.
I know I don’t want someone else’s program, listening day after day to that
bullshit when I got rid of my own old DVD bullshit programs in my head.
No one is going to hold anyone’s hand because in the world where we hear people
love winners and successful people, and all that “be yourself,” we ﬁnd many
won’t think twice to bring you down.
They want you to be the person they want you to be.
So this isn’t a journey for anyone who want to wait from inspiration and
cheerleaders to get them oﬀ their ass.

It’s not for anyone who craves for validation, encouragement, cheerleaders
appearing to get them moving when they procrastinate.
It is diﬃcult for many people to believe in themselves.
Most are so excited in the beginning but then feel they are alone against the
world. In between is the distractions of relationships, drama, and ongoing pursuit
of wanting to be loved when the ﬁnal mystery of love is self love..,

There is the battle with the self that needs a resolution.
It cannot be ignored anymore and it’s that which takes long.
Maybe you think it will happen in a year or ﬁve years but what if it is a path that
takes a lot longer?
What then?
Do you really foresee at least the reality of the obstacles ahead?
You may think because you have found what makes you feel alive and you learn
how to connect the dots to turn into money or to get a job but you may also ﬁnd…
you will have to stand on your own two feet as well at the same time.
On one hand you go your passion but in the other hand is reality, snapping at
your ankles with bills to be paid, rent, food, surviving the debts.
You might think your closest, parents and friends to your teachers will be
encouraging you to go for it.
But you ﬁnd the story is very diﬀerent.
This is the world I came from…
1. You cannot date women.
2. You cannot be alone with women
3. You cannot have sex until you’re married
4. You cannot draw people and also sexual erotic art
5. You cannot sing using musical string instruments
6. You are prohibited and if you do any of these, you will bring shame to the
parents, and ﬁnd yourself ostracized in the community.
So mostly everything I was passionate about was seen as going against the
religion, beliefs, traditions, culture and norms.
That was one of the biggest obstacles.
For example…
I couldn’t show my creative work to my parents, friends, people in my
community.

I combined my art, creative skills in painting, design, music, ﬁlm and video
product, writing to solve problems in dating, relationships, sex and nurturing
relationships…

I had to learn diﬀerent specialised skills. I had to take the money I earned from
jobs to invest in learning these skills.
If anything wasn’t going to help with this goal, it was irrelevant to me and I didn’t
waste my time on it.
Imagine, sitting down showing them hundreds of frames of your pencil
animation which takes me a year to do one animated story, and it’s about
diﬀerent sex positions…

You can forget showing it.
Remember what I mentioned on how the community I come from follows
religion, rules, customs, culture, sex is not talked about at all and seen as taboo if
you do and nor is dating.

Even to the “modern” world, people are still going to bullshit you due to their
own perceptions and where they are at in life.
You cannot show the many sketches and open a book showing your work…

You can’t open a page of one of your illustrations showing …

I couldn’t invite them to my exhibitions full of erotica paintings and see them
watch as my work sells.
I couldn’t show them how I animate my work into a full blown movie story of how
to increase sexual tension in relationship, to giving incredible blow jobs to eating
pussy…

I couldn’t also give them a copy of my books I am writing and pages after pages
illustrated, designed and that’s another skill I had to learn..

I couldn’t show the training videos..

I couldn’t even invite my parents, brothers and sisters to see me on stage in front
of 10,000 people, with my band when singing, and all the gigs I did when touring.
So I couldn’t do for approval, for acceptance and to ﬁt in.
I lived a double life.
In the day I was a top sales rep and I earned a lot of money. I also became a
teacher. I also moved to other jobs, working with inventors to engineers and
translating their concept into 3D animations.

I’ve worked taking sketches and making them into 3D physical products using 3D
printers.
I worked as Editor in chief for magazine companies. I’ve been a copywriter for
newspapers and other companies.
But….I wasn’t happy only when I went home, and had something to eat and
hammered away doing the work I loved, burning both candles in creating my own
world…

I had to keep all that locked down, secret.
My mum died not knowing and my dad, also the same.
Following your passion in the community and world I came from can be
suicide.
Where I came from, following your passion especially in what makes me feel alive
is seen as taboo or someone who wasn’t stable, a shame, a path in which only
those without direct will follow.
Even in the world I am today, in England or even America, or if I ﬂy to somewhere
else in the modern world - there is social conditioning there too.
I came from a community, full of Islamic fundamentalist and much of what
makes me feel alive was seen as evil, dark, a sin.
I couldn’t ask anyone I knew so I had to ﬁgure it out myself. I started by exploring
all things I am into, to ﬁnd out what made me feel alive.
Through the journey I learned numerous specialised knowledge and skills, to ﬁnd
that I felt alive solving problems and using art, writing, music, visual kind of
communication and also digital.
But I still needed to be speciﬁc.
That’s the key..
1. It makes you feel alive
2. It needs to be speciﬁc
3. It needs to focus on an industry/niche
4. It needs to supply to a demand.
You’re going to have to see it as a journey because you need to explore and
experience to ﬁgure out what it is you do that makes you feel alive, and then
know how to connect all the dots to supply and demand.
This here took me years to get to….

Following your passion..
It can mean, no arab girl or any girl from such religious, strict, family upbringing
and even those who are not, will marry you.
Most of all, if you believe in love but your nature is multiple relationships, well,
most arab girls like most girls anywhere follow some princess story of..the soul
mate…the one…and will always have this idea to ﬁnd one guy to be accepted by
family, friends, community and society.
Their fathers extreme, religious, strict and so, these young girls won’t get support
to live their passion, their life, to grow, explore, make mistakes and if they make a
mistake…their whole reputation is at stake.
They too, if they want to date a guy, they’ll do it secretly. If they want to follow
their dreams, then they may have a ﬁght on their hands.
You got young women who are told their role is to stay at home and pray. They
cannot go abroad to learn and so they cannot get even get job experience, and life
now is hell for them.

They face more than just dad, mum, sisters, brothers but the whole community
packed with fundamentalist, the whole damn community, the lot of them are

telling some guy and girl, that they know better because they are parents or
religious clerics.
Everywhere you go, someone is trying to tell you how to live your life.
If these girls follow their passion…it is can be a huge risk because they could lose
everything due to how it’s seen as going against their culture, going against their
religion, their own people.
Now don’t get this wrong.
Not all parents and people in the community are like that but this happens a lot
and it’s what I and many faced.
It’s same for a guy but not as bad as the guy can go out, when he wants more than
the girls.
He will still be told..
“You don’t follow this, go for this or you are not our son! Don’t you date or marry
out of the culture.”
Or if the guy wants to do something he feels strongly about, he hears these very
words from everyone he knows…
“Be realistic.”
The fear for the guy is he will not get ﬁnancial help for studies.

I wanted to paint you a picture of what following your passion can become.
Everyone thinks they know better than you.
You think ﬁnding your passion will be it, the secret of all secrets but what most
people don’t realise is most of the time the journey is paved with misery,
heartache, loneliness, failure after failure, pain, battles after battles and you’re
going to have to ﬁght for all your worth.
Worse, you may ﬁnd when you do achieve success…you cannot even share and
show to those round you because….it’s a world far removed from theirs. It goes
again their religious belief, culture, traditions…
You may have to do what so many of us had to do - go against your parents
wishes, go against community perception, go against religious belief, say no to
friends who try to exert some control with opinions.
You may even have to leave home, maybe even leave the country, the city the way
I did and build a lifestyle as you leave everything behind.
What you do may not be easy for people to follow you because if they did follow, if
they did comment, if they did vote, if they did share….they worry how it will look
to their social peers.
Someone, somewhere is going to say you can’t do it, you haven't got it in you or
whatever story they want you to believe.
This is why I called what I did “fuck you program” ;)
I didn’t do it to give to anyone. It was for me to ﬁgure out and apply.
But here’s the thing…
You might as well ﬁght for the life you want to live and if you fail in that, it’s not
as bad and worse, failing in something you’re heart was never into and living
someone else’s expectations of what you suppose to become.

I’ve seen that road and I rather fail in doing what I am passionate about than on
what my heart is not into and feel dead inside.
So take this…

Then ﬁgure it out.
I’ll see you on the other side of the storm.
Just walk in the eye of the storm. What’s the worse that can happen?
Fail?
Well, at least you fail on your own terms, by ﬁghting your ﬁght, not someone
else’s battles or dreams or goals and empire.
Now that…is what success really is ;)
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is something you want to "get oﬀ your chest"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You love to write.
You answer lots of questions.
You might even get some joy in some votes and comments. Healthy validation is
ﬁne but there is one thing you may have not thought about…
This….is….not…our…platform.
This is not our blog.
This is not ours.
We don’t own it.
Ensure you work towards creating your own platform. Facebook is not your
platform. Instagram isn’t your platform.Twitter is not your platform.
If you’re serious about your future in writing, if you’re serious about what you are
doing, work towards a strategy in creating your own platform and own it, domain
name, hosting and wordpress, and it’s yours.

It is then your policy. Your’ rules and no one then can say shit or police you to a
certan extent that you can say whatever without someone moderating and down
votes.
It’s your rules.
Now imagine for a moment you stopped right now on all these social media
platforms you’re using even here.
Will it pay for your rent, your bills, your food, pay to help you and your
family, and do all those things that…need…money?
How about that thing you got to buy which can help save time or a
holiday?
Do you remember Squidoo?
It had many authors. Many from diﬀerent industries and people also made
money from writing content using third party plugins to sell Amazon products on
the content when using Squidoo.
The platform grew and millions of authors were on there. Millons of people
writing content and selling. Some made good money, some little and some didn’t
make much, if any.
But one day, it got sold to another company.
The diﬀerence is people could transfer their content there and people also had
opportunity always to download their content.
But it changed everything.
In an instant, the ones who making money and lots of it, lost everything. Imagine
content linked to products, all gone!
Their monthly income, gone!
Even when they could download and transfer the content to the other platform
owned by Hub, all that hard work moving traﬃc to their content was all gone.
They had to start all over again.
Some were so dishearted, they were never able to get it oﬀ the ground. Some did
move but again, they had to start fresh, even with content transfered to move
traﬃc again to make money.
It wasn’t the same anymore.
It didn’t stand for the same thing. It didn’t have that same feeling, same design,
same brand, same vibe as it did.
People realised only then….they should have ensured they invested in their own
platform because they had no control whatsoever if a company was to sell to
someone else.
Those who saw that coming years before it happened, were smart enough to build
their own platform and build a huge email list of all the people who read their
content on Squidoo.
All they had to do is redirect everyone on their email list right back to their own
platform and this time, they ensured if they ever use social media third party
platforms, they got their back covered.
You are spending hours writing answers here.
You’re spending time on Facebook. You’re spending time on Instagram and
maybe even Twitter,

You are putting alot of time, energy and eﬀort with creating or sharing but what
are you getting out of it that’s helping you in monetary gains, in income, in your
bills, in your debts, in your rent, in all that which most like to say doesn’t matter
but takes care of your living.
What is your strategy?
How are you going to leverage all that hard work you do here?
So be careful getting addicting to social media websites and get carried away
about votes and spending tons of time debating in comments.
Use your time wisely and these social media sites to be as part of a branch of a
BIGGER thing you’re doing.
Know your goal.
See the bigger picture.
They are great platforms, they make it easier for you and you’re giving value but,
…think about yourself,
Think about you for a change.
You got bills to pay.
You got life to live.
You got things you want out of life.
No one really here is going to do it for you.
No matter how many questions you answer, no one can reward you as big as you
can by creating your own assets.
I have been been busy designing my own strategy, my platform, my own books,
own products and that is really my real asset there to launch in the months to
come.
Think big than votes and some title.
Your best votes is what pays your bills and your lifestyle, and it takes care of you
and your family.
Your best title is on your own books, own magazines, own training, and that
which generates income for you.
It’s what helps you when you want to get a job because you got a track record and
shown intiative in investing while most looked for easy or waiting when they
ﬁnished their degree to then think about marketing themselves and making solid
connections.
This here is a great platform but it’s not ours.
Make sure you got reality sorted.
That if you’re an author or writer, or whatever and you’re serious about your
work, that you work towards creating your own platform, own concept, own ﬂow
and policies and….own it all.
Because you never know what is going to happen in the future as you’re not
sitting on same table making decisions about the platforms you use.
Hope to see your own platform, your own books or paintings, designs etc on your
website too.
I’m nearly there but still got some work to do before launch.
Just think about yourself for a change.

Take your time seriously and don’t spread yourself thin helping everyone else,
and other social media platforms, and you haven’t got your own back covered.
20.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get over falling in love with a character within your
dreams?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Go out
2. Create a lifestyle of meeting new people
3. Put energy into that
4. Date someone
5. Sorted
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ever get tired of having sex with one person (your
signiﬁcant other) forever?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know when people ask this question, it’s got nothing to do with sex
You know what it’s got to do with?
Fear of being vulnerable to be in a relationship due to fear of being hurt, rejected
and abandoned.

EDIT..
The problem is not sex, having lots of sex with the person WHICH makes it
boring.
The problem is ignorance of people, who are ill prepared on what keeps the ﬁre
going. You can have amazing sex again and again, for years, with one persson if
you know more about what is going.
For example…here’s where the problem occurs.
It is the perception about love or that feeling. What I call New Relationship
feeling. Chemistry, or attraction, of infatuation.
Whatever one likes to cal it, it happens in the begining you see someone you
really are attracted to.
It is Hormones, in begining, which starts wth lust. From lust immediately from
then is attraction, and from attraction, the intensifying of desire to be together.
Now I like you to imagine, you got all those hormones kicking oﬀ, you date, you
have sex and have more sex, lots of sex week after week, month after month, and
so on.
The New Feeling dies oﬀ but that’s not because of attraction or lots of sex.
And now the person thinks..
“Oh it’s because I am not attracted to the person anymore.”
It’s not true.
That’s now the moment in which both got to go beyond the surface.

That’s because it is natural and it needs now, the two people to look deeper in
each other and to not make sex as a routine as well. They need to be braver, ﬁnd
out more about each oher, explore together, learn how to ingnite the ﬁre to a
higher level and…you can.
You can because chemistry is a process. You ca create it. You can build on
attractio. You can intensify it so high, that you and your lover will be turned on
week after week, month after month, year after year.
It takes a lot of work but from being in one relationsip for 18 years and we are
both high sexual, we haven’t got bored.
Now there is another part of it..
For example, you’re working hard, both of you are, you got bills, debts, worries,
maybe illness, and this causes stress.
This can eﬀect your sexual drive,
Let’s say you go on medication.
This also will eﬀect your sexual drive.
So it depends on the two people.
From their mindset, their understanding about chemistry, relationship
management, their bodies too, their health as well, their environment such as
work, stress and all these factors can play a part when you don’t have the desire
for sex.
1 View · View Upvoters

Looking back, knowing what you know now, what was the ﬁrst
red ﬂag in behavior that you experienced from the narcissist
you were involved with?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. They begin with ﬂows of admiration, how you are diﬀerent, how they felt
something and so the love bomb begins.
2. They warn you. Some can’t help it but you’ll hear them say what they are
going to do to you but say it indirectly or what happened to someone else
and it was someone else’s fault.
3. They come with a victim story about a relationship with an ex. They
focus on triggering the white knight in you to save them.
4. They come with victim stories how jerks used them and how every guy
just wanted sex to ﬁnd they are inexperienced at sex and no fucker really
was interested in them in the ﬁrst place because they themselves is the
Jerk.
5. They to test you in trying to violate your boundaries.
6. They hide their grandoise desire, sexual desires, material desires and
then rage on how others have more than them.
7. They are irritational with burst of negativity streaming towards you and
then stops and more and stops. Up and down. Very self defeatist.
8. Every conversation is about them. They always make any conversation
you make to turn make it about them, their life, story and achievement.
9. Very atention seeking and yet act covert in displaying a shy, vulnerable,
naive personality.

10. They begin to devalue you even whey they persued you and ﬂip it in
saying, “it’s because lots of guys play games,” when really they are the
ones who play games. They are the ones who said they seek sexual
experience, or your status, etc. They don’t trust you and the covert has
this belief they are also unworthy while on other act conﬁdent.Back and
forth of these two happens so often you must be deeply infatuated if you
didn’t see this red ﬂag.
11. They use what they ﬁnd out about you. So if you love sex, they will use
that but then…pull it back and you wonder why they are not showing
sexual, or intimacy. They become emotional cold and it’s just boring shit
talk and negativity, and all about themselves. If you’re caring and
aﬀectionate, they’ll use that and become cold and lack aﬀection and
unresponsive.
12. When you say something is wrong, they devalue you as they apologise
and…silent treatment happens for a couple of days, maybe a week and
maybe more to punish you, and make you think and doubt yourself, and
think “oh it must be me.” That is the reason they do that silent treatment
too. Not just punish but to doubt yourself and also to start feeling you’re
walking on eggshells because “poor covert narcisssist is so sensitive.”
13. If they appear to you on texting or face to face all upset but talking
negative about something else like a platform or about friends, or
whoever…..you have seen a real life example on how someone out they
did not reciprocate to them and also in not giving a shit about them.
They now got upset because the other person didn’t give them the
attention they needed.So as an example, they would have without you
knowing, have been ﬂirting with someone, love bombing them but it has
not worked and so they take on you by speaking a lot of toxic shit.
14. They fake crying. Yes, they’ll even record to show they are crying about
something. It’s all fake to show they got empathy. They know what
people are looking for. That is why they post selﬁes of spirtual look, they
post animals, theyb post politics stuﬀ like they care. They don’t care.
They do compliments on there about other people beauty. They
compliment other races. They don’t care! It’s all…a….show! It’s all a
pretense. It’s them following the book to project that false image to
everyone on there. That is why there are many Narcissists i the ﬁeld of
caring as it’s easy for coverts to use to people they know and society, that
they have empathy. They don’t. It’s all a show.
15. When infatuation is over, they will start to devalue you. They will hold
back what they once shared or gave to you and when you ask them what
is going to reply like it is a burden and you’re asking too much, and
devaluing in in the process. Yes, they are a nasty piece of work.
The love bombing and the victim type stories are classics.
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date a limping girl? I’m 21 and I limp after a total hip
replacement and am a little bit scared about the future.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re scared about the future?
Welcome to the club.
Everyone is actually scared of the future in one way or another.
You don’t need to walk with a limp to worry about the future.

You just need to born in this world and you grow up fearing the future and then
rest of your life you got to learn how to live in the moment.
You got limb, well, we all got a limp.
Some got fear of love. Some got fear of being alone. Some fear dying not ever
being kissed by a woman who desires the man the way he desires the woman.
Some men want to feel all that and have sex, and not feel guilty and shamed by
them being a man, and some…well..some just want to hear a woman say…”it’s
going to be alright.”
Some men pray for a conﬁdent woman who doesn’t give a fuck about playing
hard to get and want to get on with it. Some men wonder if there’s a woman who
just accept the ﬂaws they got.
And a huge number of men and women fear rejection. So you can walk real slow
and approach a man, and limp or no limp and you’d be ahead of the crowd, and
increase your chances by 100 folds because the huge crowd of men and women
will be over thinking to ever make a move.
Everyone has a limp in their own way and many fear the future.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that a woman loses a large portion of her value when
she oﬀers her body to a man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, she doesn’t lose her value. In my eyes, when a woman has sex with me even
on ﬁrst date, or ﬂirts sexually with me before sex and before we get to the house;
it is saying she trusts me, she is sex positive minded, very conﬁdent in her
sexuality, in herself as a person, comfortable in her own skin.
The only way she can lose value is if she believes it so herself because of societal
conditioning, some belief, or socially culturally programmed to believe sex
deﬁnes her self worth and so on.
It’s really one’s own perception and yes, you’ll also ﬁnd people who have this kind
of judgment due to their own upbringing and environment they are in and being
conditioned.
But in my eyes, no she doesn’t lose a portion of value when she gives her body to
a man and I don’t believe in the labels like too easy, slut, whore, manwhore,
player etc. These are labels which are socially constructed and nothing else but to
create fear in society, shame and guilt on the most natural and beautiful called
sex.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What's the goal of our life when you can't get what you want?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To learn a better or more eﬀecient way of getting what you want, and create a
strategy and an action plan to get it.
If that doesn’t work….ﬁnd someone who already did it and hire them to show you
how they did it.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people whom I love always seem to give up on me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Listen. This is not going to work out.
Her - Why is it that guys I fall for and love give up on me
Me - Oh that’s very easy to answer.
Me - Because you give up on yourself, which is why, we’re done.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do covert narcissists who live a double life succeed at hiding
themselves to their immediate loved ones indeﬁnitely?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. The only reason they can go for so long is probably because the other person
really does love them, and believes they will change and has a lot of empathy.
They love them deeply but hurting too.
Personally, they make you feel shit, confused, doubt yourself and when I feel shit,
have doubts around a woman….bye, bye, no matter how hot is her ass, body and
curves.
I have to only ask myself these questions
1. Does she add value to my life?
2. Does she make me happy?
3. Am I consistently being treated in a loving, respectful manner
If the answer is no, I end it no matter how much hurt I’ll feel. I know I’ll get back
on my feet but no way I’d stay in that position.
That is why woman is not centre of my life but rather my purpose, goals, dreams
because you cannot control people but you can own your own life, be happy and
choose who to be wth.
Life is too short.
We can’t always be happy but we can be with someone who adds value to out life,
who does make us feel happy and who treats us lovingly and with respect.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do covert narcissists know that they have a fake persona?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, don’t believe any who say they are not unaware. They are very aware they are
manipulative. They know if they do X they get Z. They know if they do this
action, they’ll likely to get that kind of result.
They are aware and most people like to make us feel sorry for them.
Most people who get hit by them might think on how the intentions was there in
caring. No, because good intentions can also lead to someone abusing you and
their “good intention” is they think they are superior to you and so, “it’s your
fault” never their fault.
Some are more manipulative than others and yes, they know, when they want
something, they are very well aware on what they are doing.
I have no sympathy for them at all.
Think of it like a drug addict.
The drug addict knows she is lying, knows she is bullshitting and will do
whatever it takes, to get that piece of drug to feel high again.

They need it so bad because they feel all that anxiety, the stress, they got to have
another dose now and so she will lie, she will betray, she will make up all kinds of
stories, she will use sex if you’re into sex, she will use all kinds of shit such as
negativity to get you to feel and respond, she will do whatever she thinks works
on that person - and - pretend to be good, nice, kind, caring so you don’t see her
coming.
Out in world, they wear this persona, of kind, caring, good, nice, empathetic but
really, it’s just a cover so when they do get found out, others around them won’t
believe you.
You see them shy, awkward, and yes, on one hand low self esteem and another
conﬁdent, looks so innocent, naive, and they also come leading with a victim
story.
Question to always ask is..
Does this person add value to my life?
Am I consistently being treated in a loving, respectful manner?
Does this person make me happy?
If the answer is a “no,” then why even bother being in that relationship if they
don’t make you happy?
So I would ask anyone who is in that situation to avoid justifying their behaviour
and take the focus oﬀ this person and on where it should be….you.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What's some good advice for a wannabe model?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Portfolio is your most important tool and so is your looks, body and to be in
shape. Once upon a time you’d get your portfolio sorted and send to agencies but
now you got social media.
1. Make sure to do your research on these agencies and look at what they
look for. Doing research is going to help you to tailor the photographs
when you see what they look for.
2. Be careful. Do your homework and use professional studios. Do not go to
someone’s house but go to places in city, where there are professional
studios and photographers. If you know a friend who takes good photos
then great but look after them, don’t take advantage of them and credit
their work if used online.
3. Invest in quality shoots and remember, it’s not just the pose but the
attitude, the environment and the clothes or style you wear. You need to
know how to tell a story. See 7.
4. Use Instagram to build your portfolio, and there’s also pininterest and
also use youtube videos. Your quality must be high standards.
5. Make all social media platforms consistent that you’re into modelling.
6. Stay away from negativity posting, including posting poitical views,
religious views, and any negativity of sexuality and targeting genders.
Focus it on fashion, modelling, and areas that reveal your passion in
modelling. This is one of the biggest mistake even for students who
study something totally diferent. They don’t realise what they say, post
online is going to bite them in the ass. Be smart.
7. Build up these portfolio assets so you got a very big coverage of photos of
styles, that shines through to tell a story. You tell a story by the style of

clothes, the enviroment and the makeup. Think if projects as in themes,
and focus on one and build a set of photos for it. Then move to another
theme. This will ignite passion, ﬁre in you and makes it more fun but
remember, look at your homework you did on agencies and what they
look for, and what companies they do shoots for, and what these
companies also look for. It’s all about targeting and appealing to a
speciﬁc type of agencies.
8. Keep it all chanels consistent. It’s your track record and companies do
look at your track record and see if you’re going to be trouble, if you are
not self aware and if you have some views.
9. When you feel you got a good set of large portfolio, start connecting to
agencies by looking at social media and see who to talk to.
10. Build the connection, nurture it and if they like what they see and your
personality, you’ll get foot in door.
11. Connect with other models and build a network of them and connect
with them. It’s all about who you know as well.
Knowledge/skills
1. Invest in classeds for acting. Though you’re not going to be in movies it
helps you to know how to be in touch with yourself and being able to use
body language to project feelings, emotions, using your body, eyes,
posture.
2. Invest in cat walk classes. Learn how to walk now than waiting for later.
3. Look at other knowledge and skills to invest in and add them to your
porfolio showing you got passion in modelling and your story is
consistent. You’re showing you’re not some princess thinking dreams
just happen but you are serious, rational thinker who knows it’s not easy
and needs work.
4. Always speak positive about yourself. By that I mean, be aware of your
self talk. Coaches and mentors can help but if you speak in other ways
that is self destructive many a times, we have to let you go. Our own
minds is valuable too and you’re showing you’re not taking responsibility
for yourself and also how you eﬀect other people around you. People will
help but if you take it for granted by speaking negative, whiny and
complaining about hard work or stress often, you will ﬁnd doors will
close on you
You have no time for vitcim mentality so value the help you get and
avoid taking it for granted.
You either want it or you don’t, so speak like you want it and you know
it’s yours but to your…self.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How should someone apologize to someone whom he/she has
hurted in any sense?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How should anyone apologize to someone whom he/she has hurt in any
sense?

The person’s words will mean nothing if all it is but words…
1. Person apologise without pointing out what the other misunderstood.
That’s ego trying to score points.

They don’t care what is misunderstood. They are hurt. They want to see
if their time and connection is valued.
2. The person writes or says, they made a mistake and mention what that
mistake is without justifying by making some points of
misunderstanding. That is in itself justifying. Avoiding explaining like
some length story as that is jusitifyinng in itself.
3. Showing empathy by showing they value their connection, the
relationship by saying they want to clean up the mess so they both can
move forward together and make the connection, the relationship
stronger as he/she values the the relationship.
4. Avoids mentioning it was unintentional. It is seen as intentional no
matter how one sees it.
5. If they let the person in again, clean up the mess and avoid doing it
again.
It takes more tha some words, essay, story to apologise.
Most apologise to make themselves not feel guilty, ashamed of what they did and
to make them feel better and say to friends “oooh I tried my best..”
Like they are better, superior that they apologised. Means nothing.
A person knows sincerity when the person shows they valued the person and
they show empathy by wanting to ﬁx the mess they created, and to continue
building on the relationship.
Anything else is just ego to make themselves feel better and superior.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people do the no contact rule after break ups?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know about other people but for me…
1. To heal
2. To get my mind and emotion together
3. To move on without any drama
4. To learn from the experience and tighten my boundaries
5. To not give room for any tactics, like disguised apologises that is nothing
more but to score points and devalue, and eliminate games
6. To reduce any darkness in me to hurt the other person face to face or
messages by words. I can say thing direct, harsh and hurt so deep when I
am at this level. This is red high alert phase now, so it’s best no contact
whatsover.
7. I would have deleted and blocked on phone and all social media,
email….deleted photos of the woman, videos, all of it as it is energy. I
don’t stalk and I don’t give a fuck about what ex’s are doing today.
That doesn’t mean it’s hate but rather I am so dissapointed with the
person, and pissed oﬀ and I do not want to hear a damn thing on my feed
on any tool about them. You are angry because you thought the woman
wll be diﬀerent than the fucked up most women out there and you ﬁnd
again…same old damn story.
They do not deserve that attention and time anymore.

They had that time, they needed to do all they could when together. Now
is changing frequency and making it as less as possible so to move on.
8. It is all about my state of mind, to have that time and space to breathe,
heal and move on.
13.3k Views · View Upvoters

What do you guys think about hours replies via text message?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me…
You won’t be able to reply after that. I’d have blocked you especially if I saw you’re
active online or seen you already receieved the message - and doing that silent
treatment thing or whatever you are doing, it doesn’t matter.
But if you said “Oh I’m doing a project or at work, I’ll reply today or tomorrow”
then awesome. Funny thing, people who say “Oooh I love you so much,” forget to
do that because they think that person is always going to be there and take them
for granted.
It can be annoying and I cannot be assed investing any thinking, emotions into it.
So I would have blocked and moved on, because I see it as the person is self
centred, doesn’t give a shit only when they wants something.
And I don’t care if introvert, not introvert, shy or whatever. It doesn’t matter. You
eitehr learn and show you care or don’t. If you don’t, so will I. I will show I don’t
but compleletely.
Silence treatment is being still there but not me. I completely block and move on.
Oh and I don’t reply to one sentence replies.
And.. this…is bullshit too….
“I’m not good at this text thing and so busy busy, and blah blah blah..”
If you’re interested in someone…learn.
I’d take it as you don’t want to connect and I’d move on.
If I was not going to reply for long, I’d say way before hand why, like I am doing a
project, to please be patient etc etc and not leave person hanging. I’d say I got
books to write, websites to do, please be patient, it’s not intentional and am up in
my eyeballs and I value your connection deeply.
Even if the person said it’s ﬁne if I don’t answer for days or weeks, I am going to
say it to them because…I care, I value their connection, I am in love with the
person or they are close friend.
So that there cannot be used as well as an excuse, if someone said “oh hey it’s ﬁne
if you ﬂy away for a few days or week,” still show you care. Don’t see their
message on your phone and not reply for a full day or days.
I don’t care if your the state champion of a football club or CEO.
If you care about that person, you’d explain, you’d value the relationship or get
ready to be treated the same way and even to extreme - blocked, and back the
person goes to their small world they pretend is so grandoise and big.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys sometimes react to a physically attractive woman by
deliberately not looking at her or making eye contact when she
enters the room?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I suppose most will because they know attention is a very valuable currency these
days, especially with lots of wmen on social media seeking attention, on
instagram and facebook, twitter with their selﬁes.
And if a man ignores when you approach to talk, it’s not because of him being a
man, but rather his own traite and also experiences, and how he sees things.
For me, if an attractive woman does approach and talk, I’ll be fun, ﬂirty, have a
good conversation but sometimes, like tonight,it wasn’t going to happen.
I was at the bar, staring into distant and attractive women where there, but I
didn’t take notice, because one of my close friends died. Dog, called Lemuire,
who always loved me uconditionally, whenever I met him. I’d take him for walks,
we’d have a good chat, and he was a fun, happy dog.
Sure to some he’s just a dog but to me, he was a companion, a good friend and I
knew, somehow this was the last time I’d see him, as he had cancer, he was old,
and when I left Paris, I had a feeling it be the last farewell so I made it a good one
before I left and spent a lot of time with him.
So when women did approach, I was just expressionless, my heart breaking, I
didn’t care or gave a shit what one woman was saying, didn’t eve acknowledge
her but because I saw memories of Lemuire…and I walked away to be in dark
corner to drink on my own.
This time, I wasn’t sociable at all and didn’t give a fuck either.
Sometimes, in a man’s mind is far more than your world.
If you get pissed oﬀ and you’re still haven’t ﬁgured this one thing out, then here it
is…
The world, wasn’t made for just you. It’s not here for just you. People got their own
world, own worries, own pain, own stories and you maybe think that one man is
intimidated by you. Far too often, the man is in pain, or he lost someone, or he just
wants to be alone, or he just doesn’t give a fuck on that particular day. Some aged 30
haven’t grown up to realise the world wasn’t made for them soley to get attention.
Don’t take it personally but if you don’t get attention and it’s best to lose the
pedestal most women are on.
The world including men, don’t owe woman a damn thing.
Maybe women had all that attention as a teen but hey, in the big wide world,
you’re actually invisible and we got more things to think about.
So no, most men are not intimidated.
We just don’t give a fuck at that time and really, no woman is entitled for
attention, and I sense most of time, women think they are because they are so
attractive and start acting all up with “men are so intimidated.”
Not so. We got far more important things to think about as well, like bills, debts,
job, someone we’re pissed about, life in general and she’s like some moth ﬂying in
the room looking for the light (attention).
Time to grow up. We’re not teens anymore hoping people notice us engage us,
and kissing ass for approval.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should one do to satisfy her biological needs if she
doesn't want to be in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Find someone who desires the same.
2. Go on Tinder and you’ll ﬁnd many
3. Be a little direct i.e. “I’m not looking for relationship but fun,”
4. Or “Like to watch Netﬂix at my place?”
16.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get a shy guy to initiate the conversations?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I get a shy guy to approach me?

Who is shy here?
You can’t call someone shy and you’re asking how you get that “shy” guy to
approach.
You approach directly and get a conversation going.
You’re being shy yourself ;)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can we live a life without the dark side?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Life is like a double edge sword.
You decide which edge to sharpen and which to stay blunt.
The dark side gives you the edge if you let it to sharpen your instinct to succeed
or to keep your instinct blunt.
You have a choice what you focus on the most.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

The guy I'm seeing is afraid of commitment and we broke up,
but we were almost perfect and we still like each other. We both
aren't interested to see someone else. What to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You remind me of a lot of women who message me and who try to get me to meet
them but…I never do because along the way in the ﬁrst interaction, I can see one
thing and that is a no, no to me.
We are not compatible.
No naked photos, no hot videos, not hot body, no amazing sex, nothing can get
me to say yes when we are not compatible. Nothing.
I just won’t meet these type of women. I will not even spend a minute more
because they are women who are…not…compatible to me and I am not
compatible with them.
They know it, I know it but they want to ﬁx and change.
It’s not going to happen.

You know what to do.
You just don’t want to listen to that voice.
It is saying, “You’re both not compatible. Move on!”
The last thing we need, is another woman blaming another man, because she just
couldn’t ﬁx, change a man to her measuring ruler in her head - and - another man
bitching about women cheating on him or how she left him for a bad boy.
Nothing else you can do but to move on.
Avoid investing anymore time and emotions.
Or you will get hurt big time.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when someone tells you "I'm not telling you
this because of trust issues"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
They are telling you this because they do have trust issues. The person is
contradicting themselves because they are saying it so when they do self
sabotage, they’ll say they already told you or…it removes guilt when they fuck up
by following their psychological script.
People tell you who they are and what will happen.
I remember some women have said something like this..
“I always move fast from relationships, because I always seek the next shiny object.”
I blocked and moved on after a few conversations.
I’m not going to be waiting around seeing her jump to seek another shiny object.
Her unconscious has told me, it was a red ﬂag clear as day.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What does a man feels when he had to leave the woman he
loves?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Angry
2. Dissappointed
3. Heart ache
4. Wish it worked
5. Remembers red ﬂags he didn’t see
6. Tries to ensure he doesn’t make the same mistakes in future
7. Cautious
8. Does’t believe what women say
9. Believes only what they do through…a…period of time
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do women prefer looks vs. personality in men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Percieved value attracts.
Absolute value keeps the person attracted to you.
How long for?
No one knows that answer.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to make people aware of what we are doing is good?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Action speaks louder than words and I run as fast as I can and far away from the
person, when they say they are nice, spiritual, kind and saving the world.
Anytime someone says something like that, “I’m nice, good, kind, caring,” or “I
save the world doing good blah blah blah.”
Action speaks louder than words.
Just do and the world will know anyway or you’re shooting yourself in foot.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to walk in the dark?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already do but you don’t realise it, yet.
Most people realise much later that it’s not walking in the dark they need to be
worried about as much as…living in the dark.
;)
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it just me or do guys usually have more requirements when it
comes to dating or ﬁnding a mate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s just you.
You’re speaking from your own perception, experiences and reality.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

We broke up because of the long-distance relationship. So I am
planning to develop myself a lot for 2 years, then contact him to
show him. If I do it like that, can I get my ex back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People grow. People change through time. No one really knows.
One thing I do know is a break up happens for a reason. There is always a reason,
and no, it’s not about distance.
Distance is but a sympton of something deeper…
I never broke up with any woman because of the distance. People break up
because they want something and didn’t get it and so when a person doesn’t get
what they desire and they thought it’s in the person to give, well, it gets
frustrating and so the person will move on.

Does a person who changes be able to attract the person again?
Yes there is a possibility as I have seen it myself. It has also happened to me, in
which I moved on, because I said I was Gemeni, I am ﬁrtatious, I like
communication that’s fun, sexy, not serious, and serious can be sorted when we
meet anyway, but for now, no talk of negativity, no talk of exs, crushes and games
of some sort for attention but…I found some did exactly that and that’s expecially
when they knew me and read about me and knew what I dislike, and so I see it as
women trying to violate my boundaries and also trying to frame or plan
somehing in a relationship model they had in their mind.
I moved on and not interested in being frustrated, empty, emotionally drained
and hoping these women change.
But one woman after 3 years realised what I was saying because she experienced
relationsips later on and realised what she lost. Funny how people don’t realise
until it’s gone and until it happens to them.
3 years later I meet her again and it wasnt planned.
We went somewhere to drink, she looked diﬀerent, her vibe was diﬀerent and
also a lot changed for her.
So we did get back together because the issue in compatibility was resolved and I
saw she did try but not for me, and she didn’t say “Oooh I didn’t change for you,” as
that’s not on and doesn’t need to be said.
Instead we just talked about things and attraction was now there again.
In one hand she dated guys and saw immaturity, inexperience, lack of aﬀection,
and all the things she tried doing to me. It hit her so hard and now she realised
what I was talking about, why what I said was important in keeping the sexual
tension going, to stay away from negative talkng no matter, and to see how he was
avoiding showing aﬀection due to her over thinking ways.
That much of her behaviour was unproductive to our relationship and it was
pushing me away. That she shouldn’t have stayed quiet when she felt she didn’t
trust me and instead started of withdrawing, avoiding my ﬂirtatious words,
avoiding how I was showing feelings and she one sentence, that really didn’t
show much to me.
I am a communicator. I’m Gemeni, communication is my language, so holding
back, not showing aﬀection, and just being downright selﬁsh and self centred
doesn’t work for me. I need it all now, not tomorrow, not next year, now, to hear it
again and again and again.
Gemeni men need to be stimulated in mind, with their imagination, playing in a
ﬂirtatious sexual way, using words, images, and it doesn’t have to be your images
or videos of your ass and pussy, but you got tools online, images in the millions so
be creative but no. Like most women, making sex a big deal and making it an
issue when we can focus on creating sexual tension, romance, and be fun until we
meet.
She now saw this because she showed aﬀection and all the things I did and it was
not recipocrated. She now felt how it felt like giving lots to men and not getting
much back but one word, or nothing of substance. She now was in the place I was
in when I was communicating with her.
She also grew from being insecure about her body, sex and speaking tons of
negativity about world, about men, to now mature, got her shit together and
realising everyone don’t want to hear how bad your life is and how bad world is,
or downing a man and competing on who suﬀered most, men or women. I just

don’t get when women do that and use that in conversations with someone they
want to attract. It’s stupid and not needed.
On other hand, I also grew, more patient, more understanding, more empathy
and say what I need to say in moment if I felt anything and she was more open to
listening than crying or hiding when I opened up to her.
That gave me more empathy because we were able now to talk insync…but also I
grew strong in not not taking shit from women anymore.
I need to feel safe to say what’s on my mind and what I wasn’t getting and she
needed to also stop playing games, being all covert, unstrusting and not project
past relationship experiences, fears of abandonment with seeking attention by
telling white lies stories, creating drama and focus on what is real, and share her
feeling so we are on the same page. No more in a sense excuses what she can’t do
but learn to do it, read, grow as I have read tons and grown.
So I was don’t tolerate transactional games and I learnt to move on completely,
fast and without mercy.
I grew to not tolerate negativity in self talk, negativity about life, world and sex
negative, emotionally cold, and women who don’t believe in love, showing
aﬀection and she now learnt that is so as well and understood my emotional
language. She read a lot about Gemeni men, dominant men and knew I desire
submissive women and don’t want women who think they act so with me as
dominant.
So I too changed. We both grew.
So it does happen because the reason why the person moved on has been solved,
there isn’t an issue about it anymore, it wasn’t hard or anything like that for her to
embrace what I desire because now she loves it too, she wants it in her life and
she learnt how to communicate in this way and loves it.
The only thing I know is people don’t break up and move on due to distance but
due to not getting what they want.
It is a feeling, and that feeling wasn’t felt in them about then other person, there
was doubt, there as pain, dissappointment, and drama, negativity and if distance
is there…these make it so hard, worse, and then you assume it’s about long
distance when it’s not.
I didn’t move on because of long distance.
I moved on due to “feelings,” and I felt shit, felt giving and not much given back,
felt my boundaries being voilated and more I saw about her, the more I saw we
were not compatible, she isn’t exual at all and I felt she was avoiding when I show
aﬀection, sexual, and not learning my emotional language, the way I did with her.
Hence, I moved on.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

If someone tells you "you ain't shit", how will that make you
feel and will that cause a lasting impact on you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy - You ain’t shit
Me - Of course I’m not shit
Guy - No, I mean you ain’t shit,
Me - Yeah and I said I know I’m not shit
Guy - I MEAN You ain’t some hot shot
Me - I don’t need to be hot. I date hot women, why do I want to be hot for?
Guy - No, I mean, oh forget it

If your reality is small, tiny then anyone who thinks their reality is bigger can
press your buttons. If approval of others, ﬁtting in, being validated is so
important than living your life on your terms…it be so easy to press your buttons
and many will try.
In fact, much of what you want in your life, you won’t go for because you will seek
validation, rather than results. It’s that which makes rejection real hard. Wanting
so bad to be liked, approved, accepted by your social peers.
You’ll over think on what to say to impress, what to not say, what if this, what if
that, what does this mean, what does that mean….and that person you’re
attracted to or that job you want, or that opportunity that appeared, will have
long gone before you even took action.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How is your ex doing nowadays?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have no clue, whatsoever but I hope she is happy, living the good life and having
a wonderful time. All my ex’s were smart, intelligent, sexy, hot body and hot
mind, even if some of my ex’s didn’t believe it themselves, which can be a pain in
the damn kneck.
So I don’t know, and not because of hate or anything like that but because I am
Gemeni, so busy with doing things in life, adventures, loves, paintings, writing
books.
When we love, we give it all in that moment. We don’t think we got all our lives so
give in the present.
But if we ﬁnd it’s cold, intentional or not…we…ﬂy so far and fast…and live life
doing so many things, our minds so into what we are doing, that we rarely if ever
ask “what is my ex doing?” Our life is exciting, and we’re always busy creating
and moving forward.
But I hope my ex is happy, going for the dreams and living life to the full.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

Where do people get their courage?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get a lot of the same questions such as..
“I saw this woman, she was looking at me, walking past me in university, and then
she walked past me again looking at me, and I wanted to approach her but I just
didn’t have the balls. Then she walked past me again and closer and smiling and
still I didn’t go up and talk to her. How can I stop over thinking? How the fuck do
you do it?”
So I’m going to share something I always say to myself.
It’s one sentence.
It works for me all the time but I go further well that gives me the killer instinct.
The killer instinct means, you take action, without hesitation even if you feel the
fear. It is natural to feel it but in time you will ﬁnd it is your edge.
Here’s the sentence…
“What’s the worse that can possibly could happen?”

That is it, one sentence.
“What’s the worse that could possibly happen?”
Here’s the steps..
1. At home, imagine the scenerio.
Imagine it happening in your mind. Whatever you fear. It doesn’t matter if it is
approaching women, men, applying for a job, or whatever. Just imagine it now in
your mind. Visualise it.
2. Now imagine the worst that can possibly happen. The worst! Let it happen in
your mind and have many other worst things that can happen too.
3. Now, imagine solutions to the worst things that can happen to reduce it. No,
not doing nothing but how about, taking more action, seeing it as learning curve,
see it as a way to grow, see the man or woman you can be.
4. Now see what happens when you do grow. See that person. See how strong this
person is, see teh results,. feel these results, make it detailed o how you get results
even with the worst that could happen, and you see yourself laughing at teh worst
that coild hapen and you see yourself still standing, still alove, the earth hasn’t
swawlloed you up. See the results, feel it, smell it, touch it.
5. You see that person? Step into that person and be that person.
6. You must protect your mind at all costs. No more do you speak in a defeating
victim way. No more do you program and poison your mind with victim whiny
mentality but with solutions and using this simple and yet powerful techiqnue.
Do this regurlary and if you procrastinate, it is on your head.
Now, whenever you are confronting a situation you fear,immediately say..
“What’s the worse that could possibly happen?”
You will take action due to the day to day visualisation, rehearsal in your
imagination, which you created experiences of success time and time again, for
you to move so fast, to just take action.
This helps to build your self image from the inside.
As Roosevelt once said..
“So, ﬁrst of all, let me assert my ﬁrm belief that the only thing we have to fear
is...fear itself — nameless, unreasoning, unjustiﬁed terror which paralyzes needed
eﬀorts to convert retreat into advance….”
Think about it..
“What’s the worse that could possibly happen?”
Imagine it..
See yourself still standing strong after the worst that could happen.
Imagine the success…
See how the fear is but namless, unreasoning, unjustiﬁed terror which has
paralzed you is NOW propelling you forward with MASSIVE action to convert
your retreat into advance.
This is what it means, that success starts within the mind.
The work you do in your mind, consistently, everyday, for 30 minutes, will
change the course of your life but then you must put massive action.

What you want in on the other side of fear.
Think about it…
What’s the worse that could possibly happen?
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is a hot and really pretty girl a guy’s weakness?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My weakness is cheese cake. I love cheese cake. I love it so much that one day I
was walking in London plush upper area and there was this hot woman walking
towards me.
Close enough image I found is..

And she smiled and I smiled, and she thought I was walking right up to her. As
she opened her mouth to say “hi..”
I walked right past her because I saw massive window full of delicious mouth
watering cheese cake….

I was drooling and rubbing my hands like a kid, whispering in my mind..
“Cheese cakes…..cheese cakes….CHEESE CAKES!”
I could feel the goosebumps, my heart racing and pounding, butterﬂies in my
stomache and you can imagine putting it in your mouth, you can feel it’s
thickness and Mmm…..and the ﬁrst lick as your tongue glides, rolls, swishes
round and round to tease you with known and unknown sensations through your
body… before you suck and feel the sweet tangy juice come down..down to coat
your throat with this warm sweet juicy taste…to ﬁnally lick the cream oﬀ your lips
and…you can’t help it to just want more.
So yes!
My weakness is cheese cake and I hope no woman ever uses this as a weapon
because she will win hands down if she says..
“I LOVE cheese cake!”
I’ll be in trouble and I’ll be such a bad….bad….bad boy ;)
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

How would a real man approach a woman and start a
conversation to take it to a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s never been a “real” man.
There’s no “man up.”
There’s no “be an alpha motherfucker.”
There’s no “dead beat man.”
There’s no loser or winner.
There isn’t even a race when it’s dating but people like to think there is one.

There’s no gentleman. There’s no nice man. There’s no “kind man.”
There is only man.
A man who is conﬁdent to go for what he wants and is prepared, has invested in
becoming better in social skills, conversation, and not the things mainstream
bullshit teaches and much of the norms that frustrates anyone.
Then there’s a man who has yet to ﬁnd his conﬁdence, low in self esteem, over
thinking, isn’t self aware of much of what the conﬁdent man has gained due to
learning to see rejection as a tool for ﬁltering, screening out women who
shouldn’t be in his life anyway.
That doesn’t make him less of a man.
Even if he was sleeping in the streets as a beggar. He’s still a man and no one on
earth can say he isn’t a man and use the labels “real man” and “man up”
nonsense on him. He’s a man.
There is only man with knowledge, experience, skill and conﬁdence to a man who
is still growing to that stage, and who will get to that stage in his own time, if he
desires to.
There is no “real” man.
There is man.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy tells you that he’s happy with you and cares for you, but
denies that he is not in love with you, would you take that
positively or negatively?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Denies.”
That’s you’re own assumptions.
It’s you wanting that idea in your head to happen. Looking for something that
isn’t there and if it is there, it is his choice to say it when he feels it so.
Slow down.
He probably just sees you as a friend and nothing else and I’m saying that
because you didn’t write “boyfriend,” or “husband” or “lover.” You used the
word..guy….which tells me he is a guy who is a friend and you’re infatuated by
him.
If not, you needed to be clear with your question as it’s a bit confusing.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

A guy asked me out but he kept asking me what I want to do and
where I want to go. What is the best way to politely tell him I
don’t know?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You - You know, I really like it when a guy plans it out, leads, because what matters
is just being with him and get to know him and he gets to know me. It doesn’t really
matter where, as long we’re getting to know each other.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What's a good conversation you've had at a swingers party that
has led to sex with a stranger?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Oct 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - You have an amazing dress and you look stunning
Her - I look far more stunning when I’m naked
Me - I can imagine,
Her - How about skip the imagination and ﬁnd out
Her hand on my ﬁngers and we walked from group of people..
Me - It’s not your ﬁrst time is it?
Her - No and I know it’s not yours either
Me - Woman intuition ;)
Her - No. I asked my friend who you are and she told me a lot about you
We walk in room…
Her friend is there
It’s a threesome.
She planned it all along. Smart woman.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible for a guy without any dating or social skills to end
up having a beautiful girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes…
1. You’re a millionaire
2. Or you’re someone who got fat balance account. Money no problem.
3. You got a mansion and swimming pool
4. You get partying going at your place
5. You get the status guys and status girls
6. You now got status
7. Now you got a hot beautiful girlfriend
But if you haven’t got that…forget it.
No matter what any tell you, perceived value is important. Most people who are
worth their salt don’t want to make things harder for themselves and dating is
already hard enough with attention seekers, exhibition, narcisssists, lonely
frustated people on net in basment pretending they are hot good looking wth
fake photos, shy girls, to all kinds and then there’s the games people play and all
of them say they don’t play games.
It’s why I approach face to face because let’s face it..online is great but it doesn’t
come close to how powerful face to face is and how fast. I can feel the vibe, I can
get a yes or no right there. I can see who is a coward, who is courageous, who
really is sexually conﬁdent, who isn’t and feel the woman’s vibe and know for
sure. I can make decisions right there but online, too many people don’t know
what they want, too many do for validation, and too many pretending what they
are not.
It gets real when I do face to face.

Sure I meet many women online but it is still nowhere near to face face. I get to
see how much spine she has for real because online, you can pretend you’re it but
really when in real world, now we’ll see who the person really is and it will all
show right in front of me in seconds.
Oﬄine, it’s tough if you haven’t social skills.
You got all odds against you if you’re average looking with no social skills. no
experiences, low self esteem, low conﬁdence, lack of direction, over thinking,
looking at girls who say hi and askng if she’s into me or not, and all kinds of
behaviour for validation alone.
Then you got no basic to advance skills for conversations.
It’s like guy still in their nappies and so are women, and they act like kids in
kindergarten, so afraid, so awkward, so inhibited and all leads to no action.
Online - all these and insecurities amplify 100 times.
You’re dreaming if you think you can with no social skills and dating knowledge.
Oﬄine, face to face is even harder.
You got social pressure, you feel it because your brain and nervous system has
never really experienced to do this often enough and for longer duration of 2
years solid without hesitation.
To lead up to that level, you need 2–5 years because you’ll be doubting everytime
about everything to even make a move.
Even with a mentor, guys will not make a move. Even when I give the my notes,
from real life experiences on what to do, what not to do, they still go back to the
shit crap poverty thinking ways…
“Oh a girl looked at me,” or “a girl said hi and talked to me, does that mean she’s
attracted to me..”
When I have said thousands of times on here to not look for validtion and truth is
in the action.
Find out by doing it right there and then you’ll know the answer.
Forget “oh what it means,” it means nothing, nothing whatsover and it’s
irrelevant because the opportunity has gone.
It doesm’t matter. They didn’t take the action to ﬁnd out but were pussies waiting
to be validated by girls.
That is why guys don’t take action.
They rather get validation, look cool, talk about how some girls talked to them,
look cool to teir friends, brag to guys or be seen that girls are talkng to them but
nothing is really hapening.
They don’t take action because kissing people’s asses, being approved, validated
is far more important to them than growing.
They fear….rejection.
So you got none of what makes it so easy….money…wealth…status.
What do you do then?
You got to do far more, learn more and yes. If you’re average looking you
cannot use looks alone.

You got to use everyhing and in doing so, your go from average guy edge bad ass
guy who can attract.
And when you do it and succeed, it helps with everything else in your life because
the knowledge, skills are transferrable.
You are now king in a jungle ﬁlled wth people who are completely shit at social
sills and kissing everyone’s asses to be approved.
You don’t need it because you blaze your own path that’s so hard, you know
none of them will ever walk on that path.
It doesn’t need crowds to validate you to atttact, get laid and be in a relationship.
It just needs you!
You don’t need them to get a hot job and big income. It just needs you being
focused and getting the job done.
It don’t need anything what so many say you need.
They need it because they got alot to lose. You haven’t. So why worry if someoone
likes you or don’t or the world doesn’t agree or women think you’re sexiest while
pklenty wll bend down, on knees, ass up and say..
“MASTER fudk me please,. I want it in the ass. Please.”
But you wll never get there because to do that you got to go through huge
numbers and the mindset of a lion.
For many who say blah blah, there be many who say diﬀerent diﬀerent type of
blah blah.
So there are many wnen who will say..
“OOooh, no, creep.” But they’ll be many who say “oh please fuck me now!”
It has happens to me so many time, it’s like clock work now. It’s like I know when
it’s going to happen near enough.
No..no…no…No..no..no..no…no….Oh hello bad boy, Mmm, I want to know more.
Mmm yes, fuck me so deep and good baby.
Forget Bad Boy druggie. Forget bad boy ﬁghting. They cannot even control their
emotions and do the hard way living, that don’t need all that.
They are pussies.
This is Bad Boy for real because everyone is going to pound at you on how you are
an asshole and player, and bla bla blah.
That’s why seeking validation is dangerous.
Are you willing to go on that path and feel the sting for a while to get there? No,
ok, stay where everyone is.
I guarantee you out of answers I write, out of thousands who read, probably
2–5 will apply and that’s me being generous on the number.
You now got the world in your hands.
You can approach any girl, one after another, until you get a yes from someone
you are so attracted to and she is also with you. You will not give a damn if it’s a
no because you’re not looking for validation.
You are looking for growth, getting better at it until you get real good at it and
suddenly..

Her - Yeah, how about tomorrow.
You cannot aﬀord to be shy anymore, hiding away, or waiting for girls to say hi.
Even if one did, you’ll not really know how to lead and lose it. That is why you go
out and practice, learn, grow, ﬁgure it out before you meet that girl who knocks
you for six and she feels same about you.
You cannot aﬀord to speak one word if negativity about yourself to your mind.
You got enough odds against you.
Why make it hard?
Forget all that crap - be yourself.
No one knows themselves.
We are still growing, still learning, still ﬁguring who we are.
No one is themselves.
They are liars, bullshiting everyone. No one acts same wth parents and then same
at a night club, and same at job with managers, same in interview the way they
would elsewhere when no one is looking.
They all change depending on environment and who it is they are with. We
have to be honest with ourselves or we won’t grow.
“Be yourself.”
The most bullshit advice I have ever heard in my life and the most cop out words
for guys who hide their fear of rejection and settle.
There are many girls out there who wll fuck your mind and they do it just for
attention and some have narcisssists traite, lack empathy, won’t love someone,
victim mentality, hurt, angry, want to get revenge, and dangerous for a needy
guys who have no experience and so wants validation.
So if you want validation, they will come and screw your mind up.
Only way without skills is…money or you are so popular with huge status.
Most average guys have no status because they are unwlling to do the work. I was
wlling to do the work and go against social standards.
I started when I was a teen. I hammered it while my friend stayed in the comfort
zone. They still in same place I left them. Nothing changed and that’s what
happens. Most people won’t.
They were worried they’ll be seen as players, asshile and not a good boy. I didn’t
care about all that.
I had to go through worse than these guys ever would. I had to go against all the
beliefs and culture from the community I lived in. It’s religious, cultural, steeps
wth superstitiouns and fallacies about life.
I get it from my world I came from and people in west. Both sides I get it and so
that’s why I am now who I am. A guy who cannot give a fuck about how or what
someone thinks about what I say and do.
I kept going even with all labels thrown at me.
You cannot live and work by the same rules as everyone else. Even the people
don’t live by the rules they say they believe and follow. They do it when it suits
them.
You follow and do same, you’re done for.

Either you got the big money or you knuckle down and get the conﬁdence built,
skills, the look, style of clothes, the lot.
No other way and let no one bullshit you on this.
Too many people just full of shit sugar coating it and you’ll waste time.
Unfortunately, I see that now happening on Quora a lot. The political correctness
now is everywhere.
One thing for sure..
No one will do it for you.
You’re on your own on this one.
The only ﬁght is with yourself. Upto you if you want to win that ﬁght or lose it.
Choice is entirely yours but you live with the consequences but you also live with
the amazing results if you succeed in your growth.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is love more important than physical attributes? I am not a
shallow person, but appearance is important. My boyfriend is
about 2 inches shorter than me. I love him, without a doubt, but
I can't get this out of my mind. I think we make an odd couple.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

His appearances did not matter when you was attracted to him in begining. His
height did not matter when you was attracted to him in the begining.
Hey, I am not saying physical attraction isn’t important but you were attracted to
him due to that and now, you got bored. Now you’re making excuses and giving
“love” a bad wrap and making it look like it’s about his height.
No, it is not about him.
This is about you.
You got bored. You was infatuated. You wasn’t in love. You was attracted to the
visual ﬁrst as that’s how attraction works.
So you cannot make that excuse or blame it on love or him, regarding his height.
This is about you, not him.
I understand if you give and he doesn’t give back. I understand if it’s toxic and
abuse. I understand if compatibility is not their.
I understand all the other things that is resonable for us to walk away and
sometimes without explaining because we’re so hurt by the behaviour, emptiness
after all that give.
But you cannot say this is about physical, height and then mix and mash it that
it’s about love and make it about him.

Have you heard this story?
I can’t remember it exactly but it goes like this…
Three women got a letter and it said..
“Go to this place and choose whatever you want. There are ﬁve ﬂoors. The moment
you leave one ﬂoor, wthout choosing, you lose all that is on that ﬂoor. You cannot go
back. So decide carefully..”

So the three women went to this big building and walked in.
1. On the ﬁrst ﬂoor
They see guys who weren’t hot looking but they had dreams, goals, they wanted
to love someone. They were loyal and and have got hurt. They would love a
woman in ways she always read in romance novels, responsible, intelligent but…
The women thought..
“Hmmm, we can but there are OTHER choices, you know, taller, stronger, muscles,
hunks, richer. Let’s go to next ﬂoor.
2. They get in then lift and get to the second ﬂoor
They mingle and see guys who are techie, some are accountants, engineers etc
and they are going places.
They got income and so, ﬁnancially stable.
The three women thought, “Hmm, I wonder what’s on the next ﬂoor..”
3. They get into lift to third ﬂoor.
Lift opens and there’s champaign, there’s men everywhere who are rich, hot good
looking men are there too.
They walk around and they think..
“But if this is how amazing it is now…we might FIND BETTER on the next ﬂoor.”
4. They get in the lift to go to fourth ﬂoor…
It’s the Bad Boys, the rebels, the adventureous, the dominant type, the one who
don’t give a fuck. They make your body tingle. They are daring and bold.
Already a few guys walk over, and they are not intimidated, and ﬂirting, and the
women know, all their sexual desires, all their kinks, all their emotional and
sexual will be satisifed.
They see strong masculine men if they work it….the women can love and rule the
world together with their chosen man..
These three women thought..
“There’s one more ﬂoor…”
5. The lift takes them to the ﬁfth ﬂoor…
The doors open, and they ﬁnd….NOTHING.
It’s cold, wet and dark.
There’s some trash bags in corner and they know they cannot go back to choose
from what they left behind.
They see a table and walk towards it to see a letter. They open the sealed envelop
and they read…

2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I take my ex back after ﬁnding out she had a threesome
with two other guys during the break?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s up to you.
Personally, I’d take her back and since I know she has had threesome, I’d suggest
threesome, she gets double pentrattion. I’m from back doggy style in ass and guy
laying down as she rides his dick.
But hey, I’m sexually conﬁdent guy and I also left searcing for the Oz world long
ago and live in the moment. Also I’m not into monagamy.
I don’t ﬁnd what she did in breakup my business as then she’s an ex.
Since I’d now know, I’ll be smiling my fucking head oﬀ of all the experiences we
can explore, and ask her more on what she desires, and we’ll bring out the whips,
ﬂog tools, the handcuﬀs, wand vibrators, and yes, I’ll even buy a fuck machine so
I can watch, her play with herself.
Bcause I found out….she is sexually conﬁdent.
So if I still feel for her, love her, then whatever she did in breakup space, doesn’t
matter. I’m mature enough, secure in myself and intelligent to know, that it is her
business and if I got issues on that, then it’s my own insecurities and cultural
programming I need to sort out.
Either way, it is your choice but I know exactly what I’ll be doing.
I’ll take her back with open arms if I am still in love with her and if the breakiup
wasn’t some crazy shit nut job.
Then we’re going to explore all our sexual fantasies together ;)
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Did he regret asking me out or does he suspect I wasn't being
sincere when I said “yes”? Did he not mean it when he asked me
out? There's more in the comment.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, there are four stages to make the sale and let’s put it into the context of
dating for you. If a sales rep acting ambigious like both of you did, they’d never
get anywhere and lose sales and business goes down.
Unfortunately you both did the same to each other.

But here’s some tip on sales and in context of your question…
1. Attention. The guy is aware of your existence. You either in front of him
or connected online. He’s aware you’re attraction to him. That happens
by advertising not not hints. If you do hints in business and if your
marketing and advertising is ambigious then the message will be
unclear.
The customer in business won’t know what you want from them and if
you’re selling anything. They get confused because your message is not
straight, direct and clear for them.
It has to be clear for the guy from day one that you are attracted.
2. Interest. The guy seeing you is not enough to be interested to walk over
to you. He needs his fears answered. He fears rejection like you do. He is
wondering if you really are interested or seeking attention.
He needs to also see experience with you is going to be far more amazing
than the hundreds of more girls out there.
So you ﬂirt, you arouse him to keep his interest in learning about you,
how you ﬁt in his iife and lifestyle, or how you may be someone who
brings too much hassle. Your role is making sure his objections in his
head are answered. You don’t project insecurity, fears and any drama he
may perceive will happn but you cannot act covert.
3. Desire. The guy develops positive feelings about you. He is desiring you
now. He wants to experience who you are and experience you. He desires
you but it’s not enough.
If you let fears hold you back, you won’t ﬂirt, you won’t indirectly
sexualise, you want physical touch and bite your lips. Or you won’t send
honest messages to lead the next step but create confusion and he may
do the same because he fears rejection too.
He’ll be observing you. To see if your words mean something. If you are
someone who chasing shiny objects like many women and guys on social
media, or you really are attracted to him. He is going to see you’re online,
he’s going to see you don’t message, he’s going to see how much of
interest and desire you have for you.
He’s going to see who you really are. If you are just talk or action. If you
are someone mature or someone who just jumps head in ﬁrst, all exciting
and suddenly pﬀﬀ…you fade away.
He’s had this before and so he maybe reluctant to take the next step
which you or him have to take, to meet one day, face to face, and date.
Withou this next step, all fails.
If you don’t show you know what you want, he will see you as someone of
low status, of someone immature, of someone lack direction and also
someone of little experience in this matter.
As we guys think, “I thought you was diﬀerent but it looks like you’re the
same as the rest.”
4. Action. The guy takes action and shows his intent or you show your
intent . It is to test the product in business, like a trial basis. Like jobs.
They got probation period. Forget all this big talk about love, about

commitment, relationship. You haven’t got this guy yet and he hasn’t got
you yet. So one of you got to take clear cut action and ask for number and
now sort out when to meet and date.
You didn’t do the interest stage and desire stage, and most importantly, the
action stage and nor…did..he.
Both fallen for the covert way and well, now you see how it only creates
confusion.
Make the step and re-connect and ﬂow with these steps or nothing is going to
happen. Guys these days, they used to ﬂow all the way with it but since the rise of
negative experiences in dating, and all that talk about “equality” but most
women still act covert, with guilt and shame, many guys can’t be bothered now.
But also since the internet, social media, dating apps, tinder, dating websites,
they got a lot of options, a lot of noise, and if you want the guy, you need to have
the edge and being covert, holding back, not going for what you want only puts
you in a crowd of many who do that.
To have the edge of many women, you take action, you don’t act shame, guilty,
but you are man’s equal and he is yours, so speak up and take action, lead to meet
up or you’ll never stand out or date for a long time.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I did not give space at all to my boyfriend and I texted him
every other day. He's so pissed that he blocked me from every
site. But I do feel he still misses me. How can I get him back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Give him time to miss you. Just relax and don’t do anything right now as the
negativity he feels will still be there. It’s best to not take action right now as it
won’t make things better.
Let him cool down, give him space and he’ll contact you.
I personally don’t mind at all if I get text everyday from lovers. I’m Gemeni so I
love getting lots of communication, but it has to have no negativity, it’s value,
ﬂirtatious and fun, and not drama, serious doom and gloom and insecurities,
mind games, and holding back aﬀection.
I don’t know what you texted or know the guy’s personality but if a guy is not that
into you, then he’ll behave that way.
If it’s not big, like you was hammering him wth negativity, or avoiding showing
aﬀection, or you was just telling him about crushes, ex’s on and on, and it was
nothing about him, it gets a guy to feel empty.
Give him space for now.
164 Views · View Upvoters

I have a crush and I have asked her to homecoming, but she
keeps saying ‘I don’t know’ I want to ask her out but don’t know
how. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want to see excitement, passion, maturity, a person who knows what they
want and they say clearly without adding doubts, that they are interested in you,
desire you, want to spend time with you.
In other words it is a YES. That is all that matters.

If it’s not a YES, it is best to move on.
Take it as she’s not interested or the answer is not good enough, and you rather be
with someone who clearly shows interest AND follows through.
Saying yes is not enough.
Saying they so want you is not enough. They follow in action or they are just
words, playing around and not worth your time.
Best to move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Isaiah James Kimbrel

Is it okay to date a big woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Date whoever you want. Just make sure compatibity is there between you both.
Let go of all this idea how it looks like to others.
Next you’ll be choosing studies, degrees, jobs just to make other people give you a
pat on the back and approve of you and your choices.
Doing so is a very sad life and it ends in you feeling empty.
As long as you and the woman is happy together, respect each other,
compatibility is there, your sexy kinks are aligned with each other, some valiues
too, then that all that matters.
Think of your happiness not what it looks like to others.
Forget about what everyone thinks.
Think for yourself and choose what you’re preference is and never mind what
people think is ok or not.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man think that he can live with more than one
woman, plus date a few and still get away with it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The kind who doesn’t need to lie and cheat, and says it directly to women who
desire such a man.
A man who doesn’t conform to the standards of society. The kind of man who
knows what he wants, lives by his rules and if any do not like it, there’s the
fucking door and stay out of his business.
The world is full of diﬀerent people, diﬀerent desires, needs and wants.
People have the right to live their life the way they want to and anyone who does
not respect the rights and choices of people, are people who like to control others
to live to their perception.
Now if he doing so and not being honest to the women, then yes, I agree, it is
manipulative, dishonest and wrong.
But if he is honest and says it from day one, then nothing wrong with what he
does. It’s his life and his choice and people need to stay out of his business, and
go about living the life they want.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I show a guy I'm attracted to him without words?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Picture the scene..
It’s loud.
Even if you speak he won’t hear you. The negativity, the over thinking and the
fear of rejection weighs heavy in his mind.
This is where visual subcommunication language comes in and the
understanding of what men now feel when approaching women.
1. Approach and Eye Contact
Get close into his space. Approach and pretend you just..noticed him..

Avoid doing this..(the bitch face) or (intellectual face).
This is not the “I am on a pedestal show,” Be likeable…approachable…

2. Instead..give a warm smile

3. Eyes contact and body posture
Make sure it’s warm, alluring to say you got the hots him.

3. Use physical touch when talking.
As much as you can as you verbally communicate, on his forearms, on his upper
arm shoulder, on his back as you continue talking. You know, lauging at his crap
jokes as you pat his chest and “oh I like this watch” and touch his wrist, and
stroke his ﬁngers…

4. Use your luscious lips
While using diﬀerent kind of physical touch and as he talks…
Bite your lips like you so turned on…

Tongue seductive roll..

5. Get in close now….

Get real close…like a Bad Girl badass bitch who knows what she wants..

Now…if he is still standing there, as you lick your lips, touching his face, close to
you….then he is mutually attraction and he so turned on and at awe by your
conﬁdence.
Get real close, near his lips.
So close it’s brushing.
He’s still standing?
Good.
6. Now..go for it…

Now tell your friends the most incredible, wild, baddest story they can never
compete with and they wll probably never do because let’s face it..
It takes a special kind of woman to do this…
The kind who is going places in life and not wait for world to hand it to her. The
kind who believes…
“I am his equal.”

5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are the most cool skills one must learn in life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How to project dominance using energy.
Now I am not saying people are dogs. It’s an example in which I showed a woman
who wanted to be dominant in relationship and also a guy in other relationship
wanted to as well.
So I took one of my friend’s dog and showed them how.
Animals feel energy. If the dog can feel you are conﬂict with yourself, unsure of
yourself, uncertain, low self esteem, then it will not listen as much to you. Even
the most basics when taking the dog for a walk or when in house getting him to
sit, or stop pratting sitting on settee.
This is the same technique I use when walking into business meeting, same when
I meet women, same when I meet men bigger and taller than me.
The men always cave and in large social group, I dominante, without even
speaking a word.
1. Visualise yourself in your mind, see yourself big, powerful and make it
very detailed. Show the task you want to achieve, step by step. You see
this person domiminating in areas you want. You can feel the power, the
energy, the charisma.
2. Now step into that person and comit to that this is who you are.
3. Now walk the dog and you’ll see how the dog now reacts in a diﬀerent
way, it listens, it knows you are certain who you are and you are in
command, not the dog. It does not sense you are confused but clear and
with direction. Now the dog trusts you because you are conﬁdent in
yourself and in being so, the dog is now conﬁdent and feels at ease.
This is how you do it when out in world.
I don’t need to shout for a sub to kneel down on ﬂoor and ass up. I can do so with
energy and my body, and she will follow every command I say to the fucking
letter. I’m dominate in bedroom and she can be dominate in her life out there but
in my realm, I am the dominate one.
There is no lip or she knows my devotion with her will dissappear with a ﬂicker of
an eye and if someone says “that’s controlling” damn right. I am dominante, I
control, fearless and every sub I have love it. They cry for it. They want it so bad
and that is why they desire strong, conﬁdent and masculine man.
In being comﬁdent in yourself, she can trust herself and you. She can feel safe.
She can feel she can let go of the control and all that drains her to now feel the
sweet pleasure and pain, with boundaries already discussed.
She can feel safe and she knows she can be submissive as far as with her sexual
desires and knows he is courageous to take it as far as he wants too.
She doesn’t feel confusion because he is instructive, he communicates, he’s bold,
he says what he wants her to do and commands it. I’m not asking my subs, I am
commanding them and they follow without question.
So he knows eactly what, when and how.
She feels his energy, charisma and she knows she can search the whole damn
fukking world, she’ll meet many pussy of men, and ﬁnding men like him is rare.

He’s fearless and he knows it.
It is that certainty in you, that projects this energy.
That your reality is bigger than who you meet. When someone else’s realisty is
made bigger you make yourself lose self esteem and conﬁdence.
If you’re not honest in doing this in your mind, well, you’re kidding yourself but if
you really apply it, you’ll see the diﬀerence.
This is how you dominate without banging your chest like a Gorilla and this is
also how you stay calm and watch grown tall big men cave in front of you by mere
presence alone when you need to dominate if they fuck around trying to act like
bullshit wannabe alphas.
Energy, it is your most powerful tool.
Know how to use it and you will see how it eﬀects the vibe with whoever you are
with.
The other is…how to make a womoan’s pussy dripping wet without even touching
her and even without her being wth you and she text back or call you…
“OMG! I am so wet. Where are you? Can..we…meet..tonight?”
Haha. I am so not going to teach that ;)
13k Views · View Upvoters

What makes love last?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 2, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

18 years. 15 years. 10 years.
These are the years I’ve been in relationsip wIth lovers I am with right now. The
thing is - even I don’t know what makes love last in relationships.
That’s the thing you see.
Vulnerability.

You know from experiences in your life, where you met someone, loved them and
they loved you, but down the road, they completely changed or you ﬁnd they are
not who they are and the giving back is wanting.
It hurts. It makes your emotionally go crazy.
You do the most craziest things but it’s pain nevertheless. It’s dissappointments.
It’s all those hours, times, you have given, invested and all you get back is..
A sentence.
It’s cold.
Emotionally cold.
It doesn’t matter what they say now, it doesn’t really matter anymore because you
had enough and you’re not even going to explain. You don’t care. You gave it all
and now, well..now..
It now all spirals down and…you’re back to square one.
And you hate what you become.
You hate how you behave.

You hate how you become someone you never really wanted to be because you
know the good in you.
You know this isn’t really you but you’re so tired of loving someone who doesn’t
love back, or you’re tired of giving and it is not appreciated in the way you want.
You’re tired if the selﬁsh, self centred and the victim type of people. Tired of the
holding back and walking of eggshells.
Tired of always thinking you know someone so well and then you ﬁnd it was a
charade, a mask they wore and you ﬁnd you don’t even know this person at all. It
seems so hard and tiring to ﬁnd truth these days.

I suppose you can say, that because these events in your life has happened, you
have empathy for someone who can’t love, or someone who is emotionally cold,
or someone who is low in self esteem or someone who keeps jumping to the next
big glitter shiny object but you’re also tired of showing empathy.
You’re tired of trying to control that which you can’t and you don’t know what is
real anymore when people talk, connect, share and say the words of love so easily
and some say it after a couple of days knowing you.
But you want to believe in the eternal ﬂower of love.

You got to believe that love can conquer all or what else is there?
That love can ﬁx this and that somehow love will make it all go away if..you can
control this part of the person, that part of society, this part of life and that part of
their beliefs.
The more you try, the more you see it so fragile like autumn leaves falling and no
one gives a damn walking on those feelings and dreams of yours.
So it spirals down down into whatever void you shelve this memory. Deep, deep
you fall and you feel no one can now reach you to pull you out.
And all you want to do is…sleep and forget and drown the memory of ever
meeting each person you fell in love with.
Isn’t that what so many fear when it comes to dating, relationships, applying for
jobs, business and life in general?
The fear of abandonment. The fear of rejection.

That what deﬁnes someone is external, That if someone loves someone else, it
means they didn’t love them.

So many women and men asked me…
“How can a man love more than one woman.”
My reply is, “how can you not if you love for yourself inside is huge? Or do you feel
that someone’s love is a measurement of your self worth, or how much they have for
you? Isn’t that the reason why possessiveness and jealousy exist? To control people,
the outcome because you fear being abandoned and rejected?”
For most people they get scared that someone can love aother. That someone will
not love them anymore.
They do the craziest things when they are in that dark place.
They fear this happening again.
They’ve experienced someone abandoning them or rejecting the but they never
learn then lesson.
It repeats throughout their life and so they always walk in the shadows of jealousy
and possessiveness.
But everyday, I love with courage that is also vulnerable.
So do you everyday.

Everyday, you get up and do it all again with work, going for your goals, job, study
and knowing, it can all fall apart.
You ask yourself..
“How long will this job last?
How long can I go on to achieve the goal in this current situation I am in?
How long can my partner take my goal driven dreams when I got not
much to show for it? I am ﬁghting with all my worth and yet it seems
everything I do comes back with nothing.
Will I be able to be strong enough if it all goes away?
Will I still be standing if they walk away now?
Will I be able to stand beside my dreams then?
Will I be able to be the person I want to be?
Can they take me for who I am and the place I am in my life right now?
How long will their love last for me?
Is love really enough?
How long will I be valued in that job?
If I lose my job and all that it gets us, will his person still be with me
when we face shit storm coming at us with bills, debts and so on?
Is being good at what you do enough?
Everyday, you give to your children in the hope they grow up knowing more than
you, avoiding the mistakes you made and not see you as their enemy.

Hoping you did your best even though at times no one showed you how and you
really don’t know you’re doing but you’re trying your best.
You hope they see, learn with understanding and don’t ﬂy away too far.

You ask yourself..
How long will they love me as their father/mother?
How long will they keep coming back to see me?
Will they forget or be so busy to see once in a while?
Will they still want my help or will I be of no use to them when they
grow?
You know so many things are out of your control,.
Even your own children as they grow.
Your job is not even certain.
You know your time in life might switch oﬀ.
You know your friends may change, or date someone, get serious, have no time
for you like they used to and ﬂy away.
They fade away like you didn’t even exist.
You know in all that you’ve seen, that whoever you care about, whatever you
create and build might crumble before your eyes anytime time soon or not.
But don’t you get tired of always trying to control rather than to live in the
moment, the now and present?

It’s like every start of something has to be planned, orchestrated before it
happens, and all the judging, labeling is all about control.
Control sex
Control relationship.
Control how long it..lasts.
Have you noticed how mostly everything for us is about control?
Have you noticed that everything you try to control…slips through your
ﬁngers?
You might be in that same place again, in which you don’t want that person to go
away, you wish they feel the same loving, aﬀection, desire you have for them,
with you.
You wish they touch you the way you do with them, say the words you want to
always hear, kiss the way you want to always be kissed, make love to you the way
you so want to without being judged.
To give that attention you give to them. Those letters, those creative videos, those
works that took you hours to do but…they don’t.
Instead your talent, your time, your creativity, all that amazing giving you put
into creating a moment in which you can hear them lavish you with so many
words….

But all you get by is one sentence and you’re heart sinks.
You just cannot understand why they don’t give as much as you do. You cannot
understand how they knew, KNEW, who you are, where you’re going in life and

what you want.
I even some women say…
“Oooh I didn’t know sex is important to you!”
Se fucking read everything I write. She knows my lifestyle. She knows how I
behave. She knew like it was crystal clear.
The same women who complain about not getting love and they get it and they tr
to focus on their own insecurit8ies and say it how they didn’t know blah blah
because they are avoiding the real issue.
So you get people in this position, loving someone to wonder…
Why….when they were in that place of pain, hurt they so complained about when
they met you…and,…they know how it feels to love someone and they didn’t get
loved back….they go oﬀ doing it to you?
Shouldn’t they know what it feels like to not be appreciated?
What you feared the most happens before right your eyes.
If all the people, it’s that person who said they never got loved. Of all the people
you never thought would act this way, you ﬁnd they are the ones who do.
You never saw it coming.
How can this be happening?
You realise, they haven’t got it in them.
They are all talk.
Talk like they do on social media in pretending they care about this, that. Talk
but really they know not about love. They probably give only to pimp some image
and not really give because they feel aﬀection for someone.
You’ve cried many a times due to this.
You felt your heart ache and break into a thousand pieces because of this. The
land of Oz is no more. The Eternal ﬂower of love is in a pile of ashes and you only
see red ﬂicker embers of the remains of what was.
You’ walked away from someone who you gave so much too and they played with
it, they didn’t value it. It was always excuses about being busy.
It was always about them.
You know one day they’ll get there’s coming but for now, you got this pain, that
void you are now falling down into and nothing can stop that aching feeling of
emptiness.
Nothing they can say will mean anything to you.
Then was the time to do and say it all. They had that chance and they had
plenty of time to do so but they didn’t.
They try to reach you but your heart is now closed.
They try to apologise but you only remember all you did and you see their words
are nothing but scores they want to keep.
They try again to request and add them but you are afraid now on what else
you’re going to hear coming from their mouth or message.
It is so easy to be like some people…who say don’t believe in love, romance, being
together and all the things we brought up to believe…to ﬁnd you believe no more

beause you feel love has betrayed you once again.
It changes you.
It changes your personality.
It begins to hide that part of you by wearing a mask…

Have you noticed how it changes how you see everything and even people
you meet later on especially for dating and relationships?
Like you use to be open but now you’re closed.
You use to show vulnerability and now you’re scared of being hurt.
Like you use to believe people want honest feelings but you don’t show it
anymore because you know most don’t want honest feelings.
Like how you realised most do play games before dating and now you cannot
even be direct, real and say how you feel and desire?
You start to act all covert like everyone else.
The memories of disappointments on how you gave chances and how you even
changed things that were hard for you with that person, lingers between your
chest and it is a memory that burns in your veins everyday,
You can feel it and hear it’s voice when you meet someone.
The pain changes you in ways that that once you had courage to fall deep in love,
without hestation, to dive in, to just go for it, yes, go with the ﬂow but now….you
don’t.
You’ve changed.
Now you don’t believe much of what you used believe.

You fear to let someone in.
But…
I still do and always will because love for me personally is not deﬁned by
someone else but what’s inside of all of us.
So I cannot say to you what makes love in a relationship last.
I am but living day by day, in that moment.
I am appreciating seeing the faces of my lovers.
I am always trying to ﬁnd ways to make it exciting, adventurous and most of all,
to see them smile big whenever we meet.
I am always trying to do things to surprise but because it’s who I am.
I am but trying to enjoy the moment when I see them.
Every kiss is passionate and every love making is intense, rough, passionate and
beast like and tender too.
I’m but a human being, fragile like the vase you see on your mantle piece and yet,
sharp to cut you from the broken pieces too.
We are all like that in one way and another.
It can bring out the worse in us too.
Many of us walk and love pretending we cannot see our own cracks and many of
us embrace them to give us strength for another day to love again.
While some hide back into the shadows of fear of being abandonment - some of
us are pioneers of our hearts to keep sailing to the next Island wherever that
Island is.
Some of us just keep doing the same repeated patterns to end with the same
result over and over again.
We ﬁnd this to be so, when we think we got all the answers to ﬁnd something
happens, and now these answers slip through our ﬁngers like golden sand, with
dreams we once thought possible, are gone.
That’s what love is really about.
That it’s really more about loving yourself because you cannot control the heart
of someone else.
At anytime the tide can change.
In that ﬂicker of a moment, who you thought you knew becomes a stranger and
now you realise…
The ﬁnal mystery of love is loving yourself.
You cannot control people and the outcome as much as you think you can. All the
words, promises, declaration and even rings and wedding bells, cannot control
someone else’s heart.
All there is - how long can you…love yourself?
How deep and how much you’re going to invest in your self?
How big is the ﬁght in you for yourself?
How much belief do you have about you and your self worth?

How long can you believe in your own courage, in your own beauty, in
your own worthiness, in your own gifts, in your own talents, in your own
goals, in your ideas and in all that you got to oﬀer?
So much so, that if ever a time came when all comes crumbling down, you will
cry, you will feel pain and you will need to take time to heal…
But….
You will always love yourself, whether a person walks in or out of your life.
Whether you get ﬁred from a job and whether people don’t accept you or
don’t agree with you or even write slurs about you.
I only know that loving yourself from the inside will last until you breathe your
ﬁnal breath. That is all we got.
That is our greatest treasure which so may look for it out there, in some external
object or person.
I can never know how long love lasts in relationship with lovers and I don’t want
to know. It is that which gives me the courage, the strength, the inspirations, the
excitement, the appreciation and the edge over many who do not know how to
love themselves.
It makes us rare in a world that sees love as how many people loves them or who
loves them, how many like them, how many like their work, how many follow
them and how many talk about them in a supporting way - rather than how much
we love ourselves.
Yes, it leaves us vulnerable.
But I’ll have it no other way even though it makes me feel vulnerable.
Credit: Images from Pininterest
25.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a man that can love me for who I am?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re putting the cart before the horse.
You can’t say you want a man to love you when you don’t love yourself. Someone
who loves themselves knows the the answer and won’t need to ask this question.
They’d have it in them already to go and create the life they want because they
know they are worthy of whatever they desire.
They’d know it exist because it’s in them.
They’d seize the moment. They’d go and create the opportunities. They’d meet
many people. They’d be courageous in doing so because they love themselves
enough to know they got alot to oﬀer and whoever takes their hand and be part of
their life is going to be wth someone amazing.
That is how I see myself and I would advice this is how you see yourself.
Be ready when people try to bring you down.
Your love for yourself will help you stand strong when these times come and they
will come.
You’d go out in world knowing you got a lot to oﬀer and it’s all about going and
meeting people, using all the tools available and we got far more than people ever
had 50 years ago.

Love isn’t something you demand from a man or woman.
It’s a gift where it is given which is where many in world miss the point.
If love is given to someone who doesn’t love themselves, they’d not appreciate it
but abuse it and many do. They are self centred. They have no desire in
pleasuring and giving to their lover.
It’s all about themselves.
Everything then becomes about attention rather than connection.
I remember a woman said she burnt so many bridges because she didn’t look for
connection and nurturing them because she saw age, height and so on. It was all
talk.
She still kept doing it and burning bridges.
That’s what self centred people do. They do all for seeking attention, to be
validated and get emotional stimulus and disguising it as making connection.
They always come up with something as an excuse.
If someone doesn’t know how to love themselves, know what love is, how
will they ever recognise it in the ﬁrst place?
How can they ever know the other person’s emotional language to connect at a
deeply level when all they are is all about themselves?
How can they ever learn to nurture a connection because all it be is packed with
lack of trust, suspiciouns and it just emotionally draining.
To want something, you need to know it ﬁrst and when you know it, you can
identify it. You can also identify what it is not.
Someone who got deeply hurt and someone who thinks you demand love, to then
expect trust from others, expects aﬀection from others and respect from others…
is not going to value what is given.
They will not value others people’s time and in a way that connects deeply.
They’ll always treat other people like some utiltiy service.
Using them for whatever they want but that’s it.
They become the selﬁsh ones.
All about them, what they want, what they can get and think they can demand
love.
You don’t demand love.
It is only given.
It is a gift from one person to another when the trust is there, when the person
knows how to behave in a loving way, when they invest in someone, when they
are consistent in communication and showing vulnerability.
When they trust that person instead of being suspicous and when they are honest
with the person instead of playing transactional games.
I won’t open up as a man if I know the woman I am with is not courageous
enough to open up and be vulnerable to me.
I will know she will play some transactional game.
If someoone doesn’t believe in themselves then they don’t trust themselves, be
aﬀectionate to themselves, be sexually conﬁdent themselves, love their body and

be comfortable in themselves, comfortable with sex, comfortable going for what
they desire and their goals and dreams,
Much of what they do will be what their social peer thinks they should become
and do, and how to live and what to say, and how to say it.
Like wise, they’d be the ﬁrst who claim they are not jealous and possessive.
They’d be the ﬁrst to claim they don’t love but deep down, really deep down,
they’ll be raging with jealousy and possessiveness when they see their lover is
talking to an attractive person.
I know. I did that myself years back but really, deep down, I did desire love and
deep down I did feel a tug whenever a lover was with another man.
I realised it is ok to feel these things and moment I realised that, jealousy gone! I
felt free and I felt such surge of love inside me, I do not fear my lovers..loving
other men or women.
I became what I always wanted to be - Freedom for me and for women who had
enough of pain, hurt, weak men who want to possess and who rage with jealousy
in thinking they own a woman like a property.
I ﬁnally woke up to love myself and knew what love really is.
Deep down many are pretending they do not seek love when really, they do. They
yearn for it but they fear being vulnerable due to maybe past experiences in their
life they project onto others.
Men, can feel that.
Other women can feel it too.
We know that face, that behaviour, the vibe or energy.
You cannot hide it.
It reeks of fear.
We know it even whether you speak to us face to face, by phone, texting and even
private messaging.
You will without a doubt reveal this fear and every woman I met in dating,reveals
it in minutes.
They canonot help it.
It is an unconscious act and they don’t realise what they say and done, and
through time, day or so, the man reﬂects on their behaviour and realises..
“Something wrong here. I don’t know what it is but I don’t feel safe with this person.
Best to stay as friends and that is it or move on.”
This is so if a woman is desiring a woman. The other women will feel something
is wrong. It’s only one’s infatuation that blinds them but later on, they will not
tolerate it again and again to move on.
Only those who do not love themselves stay in that position to be treated like crap
because they believe they canot be alone, they cannot do better and no one will
love them like out there or this is the best it can get.
They fear abanondment.
When someone doesn’t love themselves, they will do all kinds of games to
seek attention, approval, validation. When someone doesn’t love
themselves they always..settle.

People are not stupid. They can see a game is being played especially if you are
talking to a man in his 40s, with years of experience in dating, relationships. He’d
have enough knowledge, skill and experience to see any woman coming who is
does things for nothing more than approval.
It’s pretty easy. Your pattern is going to resurface.
Patterns.
They always betray the person in the end if they pretend to be someone else.
He’d see your behaviour, listen to your words and he’ll detect the pattern and you
won’t know but he has already ﬁgured you out.
He just won’t say it but you’ll know in his lack of action to communciate alot with
you from then on.
He’ll distance himself even if you work in same job, he’ll speak less than he did
before. He felt something is up.
So ﬁrst work on yourself before even thinking about a man loving you or you’d
hurt yourself and hurt others as well.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

You're a virgin. If you found out that the girl you love has lost
hers with someone else (before you two met), how would that
make you feel?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d be excited and also relieved, knowing that she has experience. It would be an
awesome experience and kinky relationship because she’d be able to show me
when, what, how and I’d love it too.
Sexually conﬁdent and experience woman is one of the compatibilities part I look
for. I ﬁnd it refreshing when I meet a woman who is open minded, experienced
and doesn’t see sex as some taboo.
I ﬁnd it even such a turn on, when she can talk directly even in approach phase,
where she just met me, to say she wants a fuck me when we meet, or right now. It
sends electricty bolts through my body. It inspires me, lifts that I’d have met my
equal and it’s so much less frustrating, no games, and it’s just raw, freedom and
we are downright honest about our desires for each other.
Insecurity about sex and talking about it and hiding the desire for me is a turn oﬀ.
Especially slut shaming women and calling men manwhores and players.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I'm turned oﬀ by the guy I'm dating, because he is not very
masculine. Can the physical chemistry grow, or should I stop
dating him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t make it complicated for yourself. You either into the guy or not. If
Masculine is what you ﬁnd attractive, forget all questions why and know that is
what you look for.
That’s your preference.
Don’t ﬁght it.
Try your best to get as much compatibility as possible and your preferences. It
will help when in relationship.

It’s important to you and it’s a turn oﬀ.
A deal breaker for you.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is a man more likely to fall in love with a woman who is literally
addicted to giving him the best oral sex of his life (and
swallows)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. That’s me, personally.
Though I do love sex and I am direct about it, and deﬁnitely, I won’t be wth a
woman who isn’t sexually coﬁdent, who isn’t submssive, loves to explore and
loves a dominant man….
But…thats not the reason why I’d fall in love with a woman.
There’s much more….
1. Is she emotonally warm and can show aﬀection
2. Can she love or does she fears love. I can’t love a woman who fears love and
loving a man. Sex yes but falling in love, not gong to happen.
3. Is she fun, ﬂirty and loves adventure
4. Is she patient as I tire of impatience and people who dive in love. I am
romantic, I can love hard but I get tired of women falling fast and inconsistent
and have no staying power like immature girls
5. Has she communication skills or she awkward and too reserved for me
6. Has she relationship management skills
7. Has she a purpose in her life and she follows her passion rather than the crowd
8. She’s not possessive, she’s she got the jealousy part down because we have no
tme for drama. Or does she feel conﬁdent when I’m with other lovers and she’s
encouraging and supportive, and gets along with other partners if she meets
them
Most of all, the biggest…
Is she supportive of my dreams, goals, in that she is the ﬁrst cheerleader, she
loves my sexual erotic work..paintings…other works.
As you can see, I love blow jobs, and she swallows but there’s more to a woman
and relationship as well. Especially when it comes to man falling in love.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

As a twenty something male, what would you wear to attract a
sexual partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Appearances matter. First impressions count.
Take a look..

See just clothes alone project a subcommunication message. Then on top
personality i.e. smile, conﬁdence etc.
There is no doubt people whether they say don’t judge a book by it’s cover, do so
every damn day.
Just by clothes alone, you can project authority or rebel look…

You can say a lot by saying nothing. Under 3 seconds the human being judges,
categorises, ﬁlters, labels, judges, and now decides whether you are attractive or
not, a threat or safe.
Avoid drinking people’s Koolaid.
This here is the real world and I’m not here sugar coating for anyone.
Your life not just dating but in all aspects is serious and it does make a huge
diﬀerence how people see you in under 3 second or less…

Imagine if I said to my son..
Me - Hey, don’t clean your bedroom, it doesn’t matter
Him - But dad, my girlfriend is coming this afternoon!
Me - Ooh personality matters, charm matter, she’ll see you, forget cleaning your
bedroom. What matters is your…personality.
Then his new girlfriend arrives and she sees this…

Now imagine you as a human being, of values, a story, of you walking into the
world packed with perception, people wearing social masks, people pretending
what matters doesn’t and you go oﬀ being like that.
You go oﬀ not shaving, or not tidying yourself, not grooming, not looking your
best, not having a style that ﬁts your world, that says this is the world I come
from, where I am going and who I want to attract.
You only got one chance to make a ﬁrst impression and just by the change of
clothes, by the colour, it now changes everything…

I mean look at that!
Just clothes alone and body posture, visual and you just saw in seconds!
Look at how your life can change by just clothes alone.
Clothing matters because of social dynamics.
A woman as an example can look like a techie cool brainy engineer or a manager.
One change and it everyone sees someone going places..

Our brain is on survival mode always.
It sends a message revealing values. Your values, where you are mindset wise and
it doesn’t matter if you was too busy or whatever, it is what it is.

People can bullshit you all day about personality, but ﬁrst impressions count. It’s
important so dress in the best way you can with means you got.
If you were to into a business place, or even let’s say a banquet, they’d not let you
in if you do not have the right attire for that purpose. If you go to a night club and
you don’t dress suited for that, the security at the door won’t let you in.
They won’t because they want to create a certai social vibe.
So perceived value, what you wear is very important because it says to the other
person’s brain..
1. You’re safe
2. You are approachable
3. You know the ways of the world
4. You won’t embrass me in my world i.e. friends, relatives, co-workers.
5. You look like someone who takes care of himself.
6. You…respect…the social dynamics of this place, this group.
7. You look healthy. Hygiene.
8. You’re intelligent to know appearances matter
9. You respect yourself
But most of all, it makes you feel good about yourself.
You put on clothes that you really like and you paid good money for it, it makes
you feel great. There is a diﬀeremt air about you.
You can feel it and that’s what it’s about.
How you look in clothes wise and cleanliness doesn make someone else feel
sensations. Either comfort or danger, alluring or withdrawing from you, exciting
or boring, adventure is coming or stuck like the ex she was with.
The key is - ﬁrst impressions count. How you present yourself does eﬀect you and
it can work for you or against you.
To attract…start with..
1. First it is your look.
The body. Hit the gym, eat good or do some excercise. It’s good for your
body and your skin. It’ll build conﬁdence inside of you but also put some
mass on you. A little is enough. Just to look healthy.
2. Then it is the style.
You need to be consistent in your style. If you’re a musician, then wear
that style, if you’re a crazy artist…where that style. If you’re a bad boy…
where that style. Knowing who you are will give you clarity on what to
wear and why, for what particular social group.
3. Then it is social freedom.
This takes the longest, about 2 years to overcome social pressure,
building your self image, self esteem, conﬁdence, being able to approach
instantly without over thinking and not giving a fuck whether you get
rejected or who is looking, all because you seek validation.
There’s more to it on this part but for now this will do.
These 3 are at the top of your list.
Each one has it’s own psychology, knowledge, skill and it depends how long it
takes for you.

First impressions count.
Your appearance does matter because perceived value comes ﬁrst and NOW with
added factor like your personality it has an edge, cosistency and it ﬂows.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy, who rarely keeps in touch, asks
you out for drinks? Is he looking for sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You could always own your sexuality and not blame anyone for your own
decisions.
It just needs one word.
Not diﬃcult.
Try it..
“No!”
See! Pretty darn easy, isn’t it?
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a guy who seemed into me then ignores
me for no reason but is on social media?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t mean anything.
You used the word…
“Seems.”
He’s either into you, shown attraction, said it or he hasn’t.
There is no “seems.”
So really, you don’t know and you’re just looking for signals and hints, reading
behaviour when you needed to send him a message and know how to keep
following through.
Attraction needs to be built up so if a guy shows attraction but you stay away too
long, it can die out. So keep keep building on the attraction through
communication if attraction is mutual.
But there is no “seems” as that then is only going to frustrate you and him, if
there is something there.
You either know 100% because he said so or he hasn’t.
To me, from your question, he hasn’t.
“Seems” is very ambigious.
So just go for it. You got nothing to lose.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it harder to ﬁnd good men now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are good men everywhere.

They just don’t look like this..

So stop looking for the Unicorn.
He doesn’t exist and time is running out for many women, and soon you’ll be 30,
and then screwed.
Look at your friends, there are many in your social circle who give time, who are
there supporting, who are there listening.
You know eactly what I am talking about. It’s alright fantasizing but there is a
time when reality needs to sink in and clock is ticking.
There are good men and good women everywhere.
But the good men don’t look like this…..

You want such men, you need to also be of that status and value. You haven’t got
time like these men have or supermodels who can hit gym, rich and eat whatever,
diet, and get paid to do that.
The land of Oz was great when teen but not when in 20s, 30s.
It’s time to grow up.
The unicorn does not exist only in movies and romance novels.
Billionnaire do no fall for shy women who sit at home and walking into a
building, as a journalist for the dude to fall in love with her.
Men are not going to approach in the hundreds anymore. Those days are gone.
They had enough so they rather not bother, work, earn wage, maybe stay single
because dating is just too much bullshit.
Too many reading 50 shades is of crap.
Prince charming is not going to appear like James Bond and say hello. He’ll be
dating probably a supermodel or someone close to his status.
Get your mobile phone out and call all those “guy” friends.
Tick. Tock. Tick Tock.
615 Views · View Upvoters

As soon as my husband asks for sex, I lose interest, even when
I'm in the mood. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Communicate to him in ways that enriches the experience, instead of asking for
it, you can role play together, knowing it leads to sex, but he ﬂirts, he arouses you,
he teases, he is playing, he learns the art of seducing the goddess.
I have never asked for sex with my lovers nit we know each other so well, this is
how we desire it. So you need to know how you desire it, he needs to know how he
does, and come together.
For example, I arouse, I am playful, fun, dominant as well, to such it’s not me
asking,but rather my lovers, are already going crazy ripping my shirt oﬀ or in
submissive postion, head down on ﬂoir, hands laid ﬂat, ass up and..
“Fuck me Master. Fuck your slut, I’ve been such a bad girl.”
I am not saying that’s the way for you. That’s the way for me and lovers I am with.
So think of ways, because right now, it’s routine, it’s not arousing in a way you
desire and if you can share with him your fantasy, your kinks, the way you like to
be approached, and work together, it will build his conﬁdence and most of all,
you get to learn so much more about you both all over again,and get real
intimate.
Communicate, talk, show him how you like to be approached, that keeps you
turned on and wild for each other.
He won’t know, he can’t read your mind and you can’t read his but if you
communicate your concerns lovingly, and let him in to know how to do so, he will
then enjoy because you both get pleasured and you both learn and grow more,
and it be like the ﬁrst moment you met.
Have a talk with him but in a way he doesn’t feel he’s being belittled but rather,
inspired by your conﬁdence, desires, and need to be pleasured and he will be
pleasured too.

1.3k Views · View Upvoters

There's this girl that I asked out for coﬀee, but she said she was
busy and that she'll call me when she ﬁnds some time and she
never did. How should I act? I mean, should I try asking her
again? If so, how?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remember, inexperience times, I made these mistakes and you really don’t know
you’re making them because they are very subtle. Also you never really learn this
like it’s in some book. Too many sugar coat.
One of the mistakes I made back then is I didn’t have options.
I’d approach one girl, she’s said she like to but busy at moment and I’d wait for
her to get her shit together, but really, if I had 10 girls desiring me, I won’t eveN
gave a damn waiting for her.
So they’d not call and I’d be wondering for a week, two week, three and then I get
back ad it loops again.
It didn’t take long to ﬁgured out something…which is, it’s best to be with
someone who shows real interest in you.
So I learnt fast and made a solid decision. I’m not looking for validation. I want
results.
1. I want a yes or a no.
2. If I get ambigious replies. I see it as a no.
3. If I hear, “I’ll call you when I am not busy,” or “I’ll think about it,” I’d not
wait and keep approaching and date someone else. I’d see it a not good
enough for me.
It’s ok if she says she’ll call and I was single and we’ll take it from there.
I learnt my lesson years back..
I never wait for the call.
I’d have already moved on approaching someone else.
So the answer you got, would never be good enough for me and I’d moved on, and
not think what it means or what to do. Nor think bad of the girl. Some won’t say
no, because they got guys who can’t take a no and so they ﬁnd it awkward and
want to avoid conﬂict.
But I can’t take responsibility for their actions or decisions, or what it means. It
doesn’t matter what it means.
What matters is…
It is not a FUCK YES. I take it as a no.
I take it as as it’s not good enough answer and so I advice to do same. It’s not good
enough answer for you.
You move on.
Raise the bar high mate or you’ll waste a lot of time
Avoid approaching one girl and waiting. Approach many. Girls do not understand
this shit and most anyway be texting diﬀerent guys or chatting to more than a few
online and pretending you’re the only one.

They don’t approach face to face either.
We do and so to them it is easy saying to focus on one person at a time. They do
not put the eﬀort in as we do when approaching and even when they do, they
screw it up with insecuities, with doubt, with suspcioun, with questions you
know is pre-judging already and some will screw up it one.
In one hand they are conﬁdent, it seems but in other, their low in self esteem and
if time is long to meet, well, immaturity gets in way, and they lose it, impatient
and chasing next shining object.
Even when you date in the begining, you are not exclusive and you might do all
that work and she doesn’t show up or she doesn’t want another date. So you did
all that, for one girl and now you got to start all over again but if you got more
than one girl, ﬁve girls, you screen and focus on who gives you priority and you
give her priority.
Then you let others go and focus on her if you’re into monogamy. I’m not into
monogamy, never will be. It’s not natural for me and it’s just too much drama for
me.
So approach many, don’t wait until you got one girl who really shows same level
of desire, interest and investment as you.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jack James

How do I stop giving a fuck about people and things?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I learn not to give a fuck?

1. Know your psychology and script.
Learn why you desire validation and approval for people who don’t give a fuck
about you, will tak behind your back and who think they know you better than
yourself.
Many will and it’s how the world is…
example..
https://www.quora.com/search?q=a...
2. See the world for what it is and not what you to see it as
Now that you see what’s coming to you, understand if you want the good from
this world, you also need to accept the storm, the trolls, the lot of them.
Why?
Because if you believe you know who you are and you believe in what you do,
then you won’t fret.
You actually laugh at it all because..
3. Sometimes the bad can bring some good
They helped rank me in search engines, creating questions wth my name on it,
and their work attracted people to me, who are now clients. So they became a
marketing machine for me without realising it!
Now that’s amazing when you can get people to do that and having them not
realise they are attracting money making contacts for you!
So more money for me.
Then I got two of the millionnaires, and I am consulting them. Many more
opportunties came because of their ranting.

My deepest appreciation to them all and I hope they create more of..
“Hey, what do you think of the fucking asshole Adam Taha”
Now the practical..
4. Take your life fare more seriously.
When you take it seriously, you have no time for debating, commenting, and
most of all, debating with justice warriors. You are so busy achieving your goals
you have no time for BS and time wasting debating.
5. Forget about not giving a fuck
The moment you are focused and so busy on your goals, you won’t think about
“not giving a fuck,” but rather, it has changed to taking your goals seriously to
never wonder about not giving a fuck.
That’s really what “not giving a fuck means.”
That you have put your life and goals ﬁrst and you’re too busy building a dream,
so big, the dogs can bark all day and night.
The caravan has already moved on.
Think about how better your life would be if you could say no to the things and
people who really don’t give fuck about you.
You’d get more time, more energy, more money, more opportunities, more
information out there, more CVs company’s to read, more connections that help
you in future and it makes your life amazing.
That includes clutter in your house, to stuﬀ you’re doing that only gets you to
procrastinate.
An example..
I could have a comment box open but then I got to clean it, delete trolls and all
kinds of shit that happened before.
But because I directed my time elsewhere I create more resources, build more
assets, new contracts, more lovers to meet, more pussy to eat and more amazing
women to have sex with, more adventures, more books writen, more videos, more
paintings, more…..which means more tools for people who are serious and more
opportunities open up.
If I can put it into a sentence it be this…
When you don’t give time to anyone or anything that doesn’t give a fuck about you,
you will have more time to enjoy your life and create value.
4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the one piece of poetry/writing that you’re proud of and
would love the world to read?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Updated Oct 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This one..
The Man From The Future
With a ﬂick of his watch - a hologram appeared
I saw a glimpse of my life and all I’ve feared
I saw whenever I knew what I want – I always interfered
I saw why - year after year
I felt unworthy - cause that’s what I use to hear

From the days as a child, pulled by a puppeteer
But where do I go from here?
He said..
I’m from the future
I’m you - just 40 years older
I know what’s coming around the corner
If you wanna change
Then no one, no one will give it to yah
I’m from the future
If you’re fool hardy to wait for some Messiah
Give a fuck about what anyone who talks about you
Know what matters most, right here...just search a little deeper
The last place we all look into; the place you’ll know as the...future.
He opened a portal and with lighting speed - took me back in time
I saw who I used to love and what was on her mind
All the plans she designed and her partner in crime
Sure feels good that I left them behind
All of these pain, betrayal and more - roamed my mind
I let the thoughts of the past get in my way, every time
Always wondering what I haven’t got and living in fear
Now everything, yes everything seems so clear
He pointed to a a woman who sat outside an amazing chateau
I saw children run and laugh around her - children I didn’t know
He told me - it’s my future, the joy that will follow
If I don’t listen to the barking dogs and the justice warriors crow
“Fuck them” he said, “fuck them all, for what do these fools know””
As the man from the future smiled and faded away
I wondered about what I saw and what he had to say
I hurried back home and designed my dream, on that very day
It took another 10 years of failures but I found my way
I fucked and eat so much pussy you wouldn’t believe
I didn’t lie, cheat nor did I ever decieve
I found the way, direct for those who got balls and spine
I chased the future to come as his words sang in my mind
Then one day, I saw a young man who looked similar to me
I asked him what worries him, he said - I feel caged and I want to be free
Wherever I go, people try to ﬁx and change me
I said - I understand how you feel, so listen carefully
I’m from the future
If you’re fool hardy to wait for some Messiah
Give a fuck about what anyone who talks about you
Know what matters most, it’s right here, inside your heart...search deeper
The last place we all look into; the place you’ll know as the...future.
I opened a portal and with lighting speed - I took to him to a time
He saw who he used to love and what was on her mind
All the plans she designed and her partner in crime
I grinned as he said - Sure feels good I left all that behind
I showed him his dreams, goals and what he feared the most
That he might fail but I showed him he is so close
I said ﬁght the world if you have to, you are in command of this spost

Let them say whatever, none shall save them, nor their ghosts
You are your own saviour and you shall be envied and hated..the most
Know what matters most, right inside you is the answer
Forget everyone else and their opinions of you, look deeper
The last place we all look into; the place you’ll know as the...future
7 Views · View Upvoters

My gf says that she will get angry or scold me but I should not
react. I should not ﬁght her back even if I am not wrong. But I
did and now she is not talking. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s rephrase this..
“My gf is an abuser who wants me as a punching bag and to verbally abuse me
whenever she has a bad day, and then expects me to be a doormat who just takes it
because I got her pussy on a pedestal. And when I do stand up formyself, she
punishes using the silent treatmen. What should I do?”
You set boundaries not just with her but everyone and anyone tries that on, and
doesn’t respect your boundaries, keeps violating them, you ensure you get them
out of your life for good.
Pussy on a pedestal over.
Never put anyone, not woman, not man, no one on a pedestal.
Be hated if that is the case, It doesn’t matter.
Moment you put anyone on a pedestal and they think they got a pass to do
whatever, you’re done.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you get burned out on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I got a life. Living.
2. I got relationships, love, sex, connections, business, clients.
3. I got passion, writing my own books, painting naked women who I am
contact with for my illustration books. Travelling the world, seeing more
women, fun times, sex, and amazing experiences with them.
4. I got knowledge to learn and skills to master.
5. I see quora for what it is - I live, gain tons of experience in real world, and
got value to share and got something always to say.
6. I don’t get burnt out. I got this shit balanced and covered.
7. Did I say, I got a life. Living.
8. I call it…a…strategy = there’s more to life than quora.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do men really prefer supermodel-thin women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very diﬃcult to answer and reason being.
In my mind as an example..

But then I’d fall attracted to a woman who looks like..

Or in my head it be….

But then I’d be hit by smart woman who has a lot to say about life and I love every
fucking word that ﬂows from her lips…

Then one day I’m thinking of..

But date and be in relationship with a woman who is so passionate, on ﬁre about
her health and ﬁtness to have legs like…

I’d be desiring..

But then a woman connects with me who is curveous, sexually conﬁdent and
oozing with sexiness, blows my mind and two year later, she ﬂies over and…I
appreciate her thick curve and ass.

So I desire hot sexy woman and by that…
Who makes me FEEL alive, turned on, hot and free.
I prefer a lot of things.

I prefer meeting millionnaires and teach the languge of sexual attraction than to
some people who don’t value and who get fucking easily oﬀended like they
justice warriors… to ﬁnd millionnaire takes how serious this knowledge is and
want no BS and notcoach anyonewho cannot pay $100,000 like it’s no problem or
says..
“I so need help badly! It’s so important.”
But not so important to pay for ones 25 years experience, specialised knowledge
and skill, but they’d scower the net for hours on end to ﬁnd themselves still in
same place 5 years later, getting sick because they couldn’t even approach a girl
who was close at proximty and all it would have took is “hi.”
I prefer sitting on the beach all day, and chill and drink and be served, with exotic
food as a woman rides my dick and for exotic is eating another woman’s pussy.
I prefer being with women who truly are sexually conﬁdent, hot blooded, wild,
free, not head up their asses about sex, calm down being all serious, and love the
raw, direct, kinky reply, positive minded, always fun to talk to, ﬂirty, are not so
serious in begining with expectations… and don’t get so uptight and oﬀended
and “oooh sexiest” crap.
We prefer a lot of things in life.
We all prefer…prefer…prefer.
Yes, physical attraction is important to me but then again, we better not
underestimate the rest in us that people yet to see.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl tells you she had a dream about
you, then when you ask what happened she says, "I'm not
telling you."?
Adam Taha, Sleeping in the streets experiences
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When they say they dreamed of you
Or they got secret they won’t tell
They are but fools who play games
So you can ring their ego bell
Entice you like that boring wishing well
Hoping to invest some time to put you under spell
All for attention seeking and that’s all they sell
Do as the Gemeni does and don’t even ﬂinch
They’ll scream louder but you don’t budge an inch
They’ll start to sulk and be silent but you stay as you are
Like your attention is too expensive and saw through the game, from afar
You’re the unreachable glitter, like that shining star
2k Views · View Upvoters

Can you still ﬁnd your partner truly sexy after a long time of
living together/being married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, been with one of my lovers now for 18 years.
It’s still sexy, hot and sex is incredible, where we sometimes have sex 6 times a
week and sometimes more and there is yet, still so much to experience together
sexually.

Only two days ago, we made contact with two amazing hot blonde women, and
we’re meeting this weekend for hot blowing mind sex.
Contrary to belief, you still need to build on attraction. It’s not something you
leave because you now got it, but rather, you must invest in specialised
knowledge and skills, always growing with your partner, exploring, experiencing
and you can be together for 30 years and there will still be growing, exploring,
and experiencing so much more.
Always work together to not stay in the routine.
The mistake many make is they have a routine, sameness and they are not
communicating but hiding their desires. It’s the same every week and yet there is
so much to experience together, so much more.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What would happen if every woman around the world refused
to have sex for a week?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Meh. Not a problem. Honestly, it won’t be a fucking big deal. You probably ﬁnd so
much of the myths about men disappears and probably thnk,.
“Oh shit! Bring it all back! We can’t take this reality our pussies, ass and tits are not
that important anymore for men!”
It won’t be. You may think we think of sex all time.
We think of how we can make our dreams happen and be someone and that is
something most women fucking don’t understand. That we hunger, thirst to
make ourselves into someone, feel like we have achieved something big and to
look back at what we have achieved as a man in accomplishments.
We’ll realise having a partner isn’t some big deal to pursue at all and most of all,
we’ll probably be glad, that now women see their pussy, sex is not a prize we’ll
miss at all.
They can’t sing that tune ever again.
In fact, we’ll focus on inventing more things and be happy doing so.
So if that happens, it won’t be a big deal because when you understand DESIRE,
you’ll see that it can be re-directed to something else.
Desire doesn’t dissappear so women can get oﬀ their pedestal. It does not exist
because women exist.
Men don’t need women for Desire to exist.
Never did and neve will and so is the case for women. They don’t need men for
desire.
Desire always will be there but in this case it will…change direction.
Our direction and focus then will be on something else .
It’s not a big deal.
Women are not the creator of desire in men. Men have desire already but it is but
channelled and so, existing desire in us will jjust change it’s direction .
Men will always have desire.
It doesn’t need the existence of women for….desire in man to exist.

6.2k Views · View Upvoters

I can't seem to ﬁnd a solution to my social phobia and I feel I'm
wasting my time. Is medication the answer now?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your solution…
Never think you are alone in this and really, there are millions after millions of
people who feel the social pressure.
Guess what?
If you don’t go out there with head up high you’ll never meet them. People who
similar in values, in what you’re into and you’re life enriched.
There is a time in your life when you got to say..
“Actually, this isn’t a problem, it’s actually my strength..”
So make a decision…
Change how you look at things.
Instead of..
“Oh I have social phobia…”
Change the story and movie in your mind by…
“I take time getting to know someone and so I am a raionale thinker.”
“I value trusting and enriching deep connection. It’s why I take time.”
“I am observing the world to gather more information to make clear decisions.”
“I am conﬁdent in myself and I am working with my pace not anyone else’s.”
Change your script in your head.
“Everyone has social phobia of some kind but they just pretty damn good at talking
in a way to help them go and just live. Interesting. Their social phobia is actually a
strength! That’s it! I got it!”
Get the idea?
Change the way you see things and go for it.
I am not a mental health expert but one thing I do know, medication isn’t going to
solve shit but take something away from you, whether it is drive, sexual drive,
whether it is energy of some kind to do things, whether it replaces it with mood
swings or even isolate you even more.
Many women as an example when I hear they take certain medication, I stay well
away from, because I know their sexual drive will be so low, sex will never happen
and what will be replaced is lots of lies, games, manipulation for them to FEEL
what they would have felt with honest intimacy and physical intense sex.
I had social fears years ago but I didn’t take medication.
I just thought everyone had problems and they just too good at hiding it and you
know what..
I was right ;)
You’re strength is acknowledging your fears and do it anyway.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jamal Farhat

Why is that when you’re single nobody is interested, but when
you’re in a relationship everyone seems to notice that you
exist?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Pre-selection.
When you’re single it reveals you are not valuable, haven’t much to oﬀer in which
women will desire you. Whether we like it or not, someone in a relationship or
someone who can attract women, is a challenge.
It reveals there’s something about him women desire.
When you are seen to be able to attract women, it is sends a subcommunication
message that you are valuable to someone, and it doesn’t stop women desiring
someone who is in a relationship.
You see that happen often.
It’s called Perceived value = status.
It’s visual.
But when you don’t have perceived value, if they don’t see status then you’ll not
be noticed at all except if you’re hot good looking but even then, an average man
who has status will run circles around a hot good looking guy.
Status, perceived value always wins hands down.
It’s biological and it rules and governs sex no matter how so many deny it so to
make themselves feel special or to ﬁt in with their social peers, at the loss of never
really living the lifestyle they want.
It’s not rocket science that people don’t go for what is easy but what is value or in
other words, what will…help..them…survive.
Someone in a relationship reveals he has something valuable to women, he is a
survivor, has status, can attract and maintain.
Which is why you see many have aﬀairs as it’s exciting, dangerous, it creates
chemicals in mind of a kind that increases sexual tension but it ends always in a
bad state later on.
Even if you got a lot of money - if you don’t know how to create status, REAL
status, perceived value, you can be a millionnaire but they can not attract women
except by money.
If an average looking Bad Boy can attract hot women and a millionnair can’t,
what do you think that says about a millionnaire?
Most people say rich guys always get girlfriends. I'm a millionaire and above
average in looks, but still didn't get approached by any women I would like to
date. What is wrong with me?
I’m sure you have seen many questions where a man and even a woman, has a
job, a degree, says they are intelligent, smart but can’t unsucessful at attract
man/woman.
Pre-selection - women know his perceived value, his status is non-existent when
it comes to attracting women.
His only options?
Three of them…
1. Be humble and hire a Bad Boy

2. Hire a sex worker.
3. Go on those millionaire dating sites as a sugar daddy.

It’s not just about women.
It is the social dynamics so let’s not put women on pedestals.
This happens if you are being pursued by companies.
For instance, I am pursued by 20 large corporations in the sex industries. They
want my sex books but I am saying no as I want far more than they want to give.
Since this was heard, other companies are now contacting me after seeing my
illustrations and works of the erotic sex books and know it be valuable to their
audience as well, and want to be the ﬁrst.
Likewise with yourself - if more companies chasing you to give you a job, it makes
you valuable, you also have this conﬁdence about yourself in interviews and they
can sense and see you are someone they cannot promise crumbs to and you’re
going to as exactly for what you want without fear of loss.
The same in any industry.
When they know others are interested in you and not just anyone, but someone of
value, you become far more valuable.
Having tons of followers as an example on Instagram, millions projects a
perception that you are very popular.
A woman wth hot body on instagram wo has millions of followers will attract
companies who will sponsor her, pay her big bucks because they can make
money from her when she promotes their products.
When you got no status and you’re sitting in a corner of a bar or club sulking away
drinking, no one will give a shit except if you’re hot good looking.
16.6k Views · View Upvoters

There's a guy I'm dating and I like him so much, but lately I
haven't felt in the mood to talk to him everyday. I just feel so
tired, and he thinks I got bored with him. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Pick up the phone or text him..
1. Hey, I missed talking to you
2. I have been thinking about you
3. When I am alone naked in bed, all I think about you and it turns me on ;)
4. Lately, I have been working hard/studying and feel tired a lot
5. Just want you to know because you know, if we don’t see, we can think
all kinds of things but I am so into you. I enjoy our time together and I
think you’re sexy and masculine.
6. I just got to ﬁnish a workload that’s taking so much of my time and I
maybe we can meet over a drink/coﬀee ;)
Just let him know in your own words….because he will be probably thnking
you’re not into him.
Let him know how you feel and what’s going on in your life..

Let him know you miss him.
Let him know you’re thinking about him
Let him know what traites turns you on about him,
Man desires admiration, aﬀection and knowing there is certainty there between
you and him, not doubts, not fuzzy lack of clarity,
Clear the clouds of doubts and you can resolve with one power kick ass message.
He’ll understand.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is the right time to stop trying in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s simple and you probably seen my scribbles before.
It’s when this happens and you feel it in your gut and no matter of their sweet
words, apologies and devaluing techniques when you bring it up..

But if you want more then if you ever you are infatuated by someone, ﬁrst be
rationale in your thinking to look at compatibility because if you’re not
compatible then this happens in the future….

You can ﬁnd that out way before even being in relationship with the person. You
cannot change someone, dictate, control their behaviour
Be with someone compatible and who loves to give the way you do.
You know when you sit down and listen to your intuition and the evidence to see
this here that it’s time to move on…

Time to move on if that is the case.
26.7k Views · View Upvoters

If someone says they’re in love with you, motivates you
everyday, keeps you laughing, listens to you vent or talk about
anything, and you are in love as well but that person is married,
should you walk away or should you stay friends only?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friction.

Have you ever heard of this word?
Friction is where you look at the obstacles ahead if you meet someone you’re
attracted to. It’s one of the ﬁrst things I do and with it is compatibility as well
because if there is no compatibility I can see, later it will cause a lot of drama, a
lot of challenges and strife we don’t need.
So let’s say from day one, I am attracted to a woman but I ﬁnd out she i married,
and I ﬁnd out she and her husband are not poly or in a open relationship in which
they can have sex and relationship with others.
I then instantly back oﬀ and make it a rule to avoid having any sexual and
romantic relarionship, and make sure to switch oﬀ any behaviour of ﬂirtation. I
will spend less time or no time with that person.
But let’s say we are friends already and have been for years..
And attraction happened afterwards and she says she loves me. Since I know she
and her husband are not in poly/open relationship I will say I am ﬂattered and I
will mention the best qualities in her but it’s best to stay as friends as I value her
friendship.
I won’t make it a big deal and I will never make her feel awkward.
I will show it as it strengthened our friend because of her honesty but that’s it.
It’s alright to have these feelings. It’s natural but it’s what we do with it in these
circumstances that we need to be mature about.
Think of friction….
I am thinking of the damage I can do to her husband, there maybe children also
involved and my action, my selﬁshness will eﬀect these children for the rest of
their life, from abandonment issues to all kinds of problems.
This is friction.
I’ll ruin the marriage. I’ll ruin lives.
In any relationship, something that starts oﬀ like that becomes a burden and you
probably won’t trust each other.
Best to move on and ﬁnd someone who is not married and avoid putting yourself
in these situations.
If you believe in love, then love yourself enough to not hurt others. You can be a
Bad Boy who follows this rule..
Never do things to hurt others to satisfy your sexual pleasures, your emotional
needs. Make it a rule to always follow and you will also limit the hurt in your life
too because this can also emotionally and mentally, hurt you.
Think of the other guy, he loves her, he is going to get hurt and his pain will eﬀect
generations to come. Think of the children.
Think of the pain and mess you cause and seperation and her back and forth, and
confusion and likelihood due to attachment she will go back to him when the
infatuation stage is gone….but it will never be the same for them two again. Nor
for you.
The only reason you are feeling this now, is you got no options so go and create
them. Spend less time with this person. Create a lifestyle of optons. Meet far more
women. Lots more. Create options.
Moment you meet someone else, the chemicals will transfer to be about someone
new.

It’s just chemicals.
Remember that she motivated you, made you laugh and listen to all your shits
daily. But you are in love with her knowing that she is married. It’s normal to fall
in love with such woman. This situation is common. Some end up having aﬀairs.
Think maturely and rational.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

I went to his place, but nothing happened. Has he lost interest?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not sexually and romantically attracted to you.
Too much time has gone in which you have been a friend or behaved as one for a
while, which is dangerous, because moment he sees you as a friend, he sees you
like a sister.
So you probably did the covert thing which I always advice people to not do, but
they get adviced and listen to many people on here, friends and society, that play
it cool, just talk like you do with everyone else.
That’s a lot of emotional investment and if the person is not attracted to
you in way you are, rejection of any kind will hurt big.
That is why it’s best to be direct and get it sorted quickly in showing your intent
verbally to the person and if they don’t recipocrate, don’t stay being friends but
move on fast or you’ll get hurt.
The escalation window is very tiny and so, if ever there was a chance in attraction
and for it getting hot and kinky, it is now dead, because friendship was
established and so, he now gets emotional support, you playing fun games, blah
blah talk, like a friend, like a sister, and well, he doesn’t want to lose that.
It is too awkward now, to be anything else.
Yes, sure, it sometimes work but man, is it so slow, so frustrating and you then
ﬁnd, he’s talking about some girl he met online or Tinder, or somewhere else, and
it hits you hard.
You spent all that time, all those hours, days, weeks, lots of time investing and
moment you acted it was too late.
The sexual appeal, the attraction if there was any is gone.
He now will feel it’s awkward being anything else and will date someone else, and
you become the emotional support, the one who he complains to, the one who he
talks about his problems.
Which is why, whenever girls want to talk about ex or guy problem to me, I get up
and say no, not interested. Or when they send me messages, I say no, I am not
interested.
Not going to be used as some emotional support.
Best you move on as nothing is going to happen with you and him.
12.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is there any man who loves a woman even if she's not sexy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s diﬀerent kinds of sexy. When you understand sexual appeal and study it
at a deeper level, you’ll ﬁnd it’s far more.
For example, you might imagine this is sexy…

But sexy is also about the following..
1. Conﬁdence
2. Belief in yourself
3. How you empower others

4. How you got resources where people can get into places no one can get
them into except you
5. How when you walk in the room people smile because you bring hope,
you have enriched their life
6. That you smile a lot and you are warm when someone meets you
7. That even if you’re fat you walk with a air of conﬁdence, you know how
to wear clothes and styles that suit you wth accessories that bring your
personality shine through
8. You can make a person laugh and feel good about themselves
9. You can ﬂirt and arouse by just your tone of voice if you master it to do
that
When you out these together, it is …sexual appeal.
Many ways to be sexy and not just appearance as in looks alone.
If you look at for example cleopatara you know only by the image Hollywod and
artists have portrayed her.
For example...

Or the actress Zeta Jones

Elizabeth Taylor..

To even see cartoons

So from a young age, we are conditioned regarding what sexy is, what beauty or
and not beautiful is.
But in reality Hollywood couldn’t show the real look of Cleopatra because they
would lose millions of dollars, due to the way society has been conditioned to the
image of standard regarding the look of beauty and sexy.
They had to make up a lot and hire actresses that goes with the socially
programmed society of sexy, of beauty because Cleopatra was average looking,
and even many average looking women today will have surpassed her in the looks
department.
This is the statue head of Cleopatra and known to have a non appealing look and
crooked nose..

She never relied on looks, even when Cesar was surrounded with the most sexy
beautiful looking women, when she entered the room, she had sexual appeal. She
knew how to use everything, not just her look and she never, ever dangled sex
because she knew men of that stature can get sex anyway.
She knew if she did that then he would have seen sex is the only thing she can
oﬀer, so she didn’t make sex or her body, or her looks a big deal.
What she did, is she seduced him with her charm, her conﬁdence, her
storytelling, her ways in which dressed diﬀerent everytime he say her. One day
she dressed in a certain way and another a diﬀerent way, and the way she walked
in was not like a shy girl, but with conﬁdence, wth a smile, and warmth.
She had that power over men that Cesar helped her get her throne back and when
he was gone, Alexanderia even fought his own Roman’s to ﬁght for her to ﬁnd his
death, and so did she later on.
She knew how to ignite…a…man’s emotions and imagination by words alone, by
physical touch, by storytelling and by mastery of using the tone of her voice, her
swaying of her hips, her posture arched back and it worked all the time. She
owned it.
So yes, a man can love a woman if she ﬁrst loves herself, and gets her shit
together, and remembers she has the tools and power, her words, her charm, her
personality, her walk, her storytelling to lure him from Masculine world, her ways
in getting to forget his troubles and all he feels with her is…alive.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why are nasty and mean people popular and loved, but honest,
kind, and caring people are hated?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Moment I heard..
“Honest, kind, caring,” I make sure to never even bother getting to know them. I
found those who claim to be or do a lot of that on facebook, to be the most back
stabbings, victim mentality whiners and always looking for people to be
approved. They are a nasty piece of work.
In fact many covert Narcisssit portray this image and many work in industries
about caring and kind, and they fuck up a lot of people.
Many pretenders being nice, caring and kind.
I ensure if I hear someone say.
I am spiritual
Nice
Kind
Caring
I fucking run as fast and as far as I can from such people.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I kill the need for love, acceptance, and approval?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you take your life seriously, your goals seriously, and your so busy doing
that, you are going to look within yourself.
You need to understand your psychology, your script on why you desire love and
the importance of people approving you.
There will always be distractions, that will try to get your attention.
Attention is your highest currency today and you need to prioritise your life. If
you spend your time seeking love and acceptance you will be so distracted and
even do jobs, work that does not bring you happiness.
People will try to get your attention.
I have people, on here asking questions targeted at me.
Just go and look and type my full name on Quora search on questions people ask
about me. See the hate and how they so want attention. They’re can’t just go and
fucking live their own lives and just write their own answers.
They want people to be like them. Like a fucking slave, following them so they
can feel safe in their world.
To people calling me sexiest, how I am demeaning women, to all sorts and even
comparing me to other authors, to ongoing rants about why I am disabling
comments.
I ignore them.
They are noise to me and that is all and noise deserved to be ignored. It doesn’t
deserve your attention. It has no use for you.
If you’re not careful, you’ll waste so much time on people who say they want to
change and who so want help but do nothing but to waste your time. You give
them help and they are on and on why it won’t work or they do not follow the
strategy and plan you designed for them and play with it.

Then you got women who seek your attention and who lie about everything,
probably some narcissist or girl in her parents basement who never had sex in her
life and pretends she’s a diva, to trolls who want to get your attention.
All know your attention is high currency.
Everything is going to pull you away from what you need to focus on and you’ll
fall for all these because you desire validation, you crave for acceptance rather
than knowing the only way you ever get respect is if you achieve your goals and
make something of yourself.
The only way is build your status, your resources and anyone who bitches about
you or want to get your atenton and waste it, are not worth your time. They bring
no value to your life.
You can be used by people who wlill get you to do things and never pay you a
dime, and you do it because you want to feel important. You want to be some
saviour but really it’s all ego. You cannot help people who will not help
themselves and busy talking about everyone else.
Then when you don’t get what you want, whether attention, pussy, tits and ass, or
money then you get angry but…you do not block, you do not move on and you
stay put because you want that “good” feeling again, fear of losing something,
hoping there is a chance for pussy or dick….and that is how some people will get
you and use you to feel they are in control.
So when you hear noise…from your own mind, from the environment you are on
whether online or anywhere else…ignore it.
Take control back.
Everything right now is ﬁghting for your your attention and validation.
Everyone wants to feel important and you may think you are important by
leaving your goals to answer anyone about who you are or giving time to someone
who you don’t know, who uses your time, experience and dissappears. Or women
who want to be chased are immature, fucked up and who need validation.
Then you get to feel angry. It’s not their fault. They are doing what is in their
nature, in the habit, in their poverty thinking and attitude.
You can’t control them but you can control you.
You need to take care of why you do things to be approved.
Moment you step out of the crowd, moment you go for what you want, the
moment you get serious about your goals, the moment you follow your own
rules….people and events in your life are going to try to distract you.
People will question your way of life.
People think they are so important to say what works for you.
They will try to say..
“Prove to us. Explain to us who you are.”
Do not reply.
You are too busy and don’t need their validation.
Nor do you care about the policing and their questions about your personal life
on who you are.
It is a distraction.
I follow one fundamental law..and it encompass certain rules..

To not conform to approved standards of behaviour, especially in a particular
sphere of activity for the seeking of approval of others.
This forces me to not be attached by what so many people are, and be afraid I will
lose something and I cannot get to where I want to go.
The core of this mindset is you don’t give a fuck about what others think of you
and you do what you want, when you want and do it with crystal clear purpose.
The following comes from this fundamental law…
1. Don’t give a fuck
2. Take your life seriously, your goals serious to not even think of “don’t
give a fuck.” You’ll be too busy to even think about it.
3. Explain to no one about who you are. So if someone is on a pedestal and
wants you to convince them who you are and proof about your traite, do
not explain. They are not asking to learn but to judge you and have
already judged.
Instead focus on your own and on achieving your goals. It is nothing but
distractions to turn your head away from the prize - your goals.
4. Don’t fear about what might happen if you don’t answer the masses or
you won’t ﬁt in. Don’t fear what you lose for in the end, all that you fear
will mean nothing when you lay in the grave, dust to dust. It will mean
nothing and you cannot take it with you.
5. Do everything at your own Pace. There are many questions targeted with
my name on it. I am not going to answer these question. I work on my
own pace and by my rules, not by someone jerking some chain for my
attention.
6. Avoid striving to ﬁt in. It’s not worth it. You’ll lose yourself.
7. Avoid behaving or thinking like a victim. Look for solutions and move
forward.
8. Think for yourself.
9. Be your own leader and do not be a follower.
10. You make yourself happy. No one can make you happy and no one can
complete you. That’s your role for your life.
11. Be passionate for whatever cause or interest you are in and even in
dating, love making, sex, relationships, career or job, writing, friendship.
Be passionate in all you do.
12. Always think highly of yourself as no one else will do a better job of doing
so than yourself.
13. Always go for whatever you want, whether it is a goal, a job, high wage,
women, or man. Believe in yourself and go for whatever you want. You
may not get it then or now, but learn how to do so, and try again and
again until you do.
If women/man, then don’t go to same woman/man but grow, learn,
approach others and ﬁgure it out. Always go for whatever you want and
learn how to get better at it.
Failure is the process to success but learn from failures. Figure it out as
no one else will do so for you.
14. Handle your problems. Learn to be a good problem solver of your life.

15. Dominate in your life. Do not take shit from anyone. Do not explain who
you are to anyone. You don’t need their approval. Keep your eyes on the
prize, your goals, your purpose, where you are going in life.
16. Do not care about what someone thinks, says or writes about you. It is
unimportant. Do not care about rejections. Do not care why people hate
you, dislike you or do not agree with you. It is unimportant. Focus on
your goals and hammer it.
17. Finally…do…your own..thing. Don’t copy someone but learn from them
to create your own thing. Always credit them if you learn from them and
not because you need their validation but because someone worked hard
ﬁguring something out for you to now move forward. Show appreciation
for their smartness.
Avoid trying to be like someone else. Instead be damn good at being you
and being you is a journey and a half. It will take time.
Do your own thing, own projects, own ideas and make it happen.
Life is too short seeking anything…which you can nurture from within.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

If he allows you have sex with him on the ﬁrst date, does that
make him cheap?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s put it hs way…
If it makes him cheap, what does it make the women?
One ﬁnger pointing at someone, 3 point back at you, because it really has nothing
to do with that man but one’s own guilt and shame about sex.
Got to blame someone to silence mummy’s and daddy’s voice..
“OOoh only bad bad girls, whores, sluts, too easy have sex with a man on ﬁrst
date.”
“Good girls never do that. No, you’re…a…good girl.”
It’s so hard, isn’t it, to take responsibility for one’s own sexuality to even not be
ashamed to say..
“Allow,” like the woman didn’t consent to it.
No, the woman consented and he didn’t allow, he consented.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever tried to deceive yourself to feel better about
something? Can belief make us feel better about life even if it's
deceiving?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I do it every fucking day. Yes, everyday I do it.
And if any say opposite I will say to them to shut the fuck up and move on, and
leave me alone. I will break up with dates just on that reason alone. I’ll break of
relationships for this reason alone.
I’ll walk away from friendship for this reason alone.

Yes, I do it everyday, because if you haven’t noticed, your own mind is your worst
cynic and then you got most people telling you what cannot be done, what
cannot be achieved.
And even, when you do achieve them, like I have, they still want to tell you what
you can’t do.
Then you got people who got to tell you their stories of what went wrong, and ex
this and ex that, like you give a fuck having them vomit that shit on your brain.
All that drama, toxic, all that information and all that shit now pounding your
head at an unconscious level.
That is why when women send me messages and say.
Hey, can you help?
I know what they fucking want help in and I reply..
“It’s about a guy, some ex. No.”
And I am always right. Always. It’s always about ex, this guy, or that guy. Always
about some guy, like I give a fuck.
That’s my brain. You don’t mess with it. I don’t give permission to pound it with
all that drama and negativiy.
Yes, we have one damaging habit, talking to ourself in a shit way and then having
other people do it to us, like we don’t realise the damage it does.
If you don’t protect your mind, like the way you do when you lock your house
with locks and alarm, and the way you do same with the car, and the way you do
same with cleaning the laptop often, then you will ﬁnd you are not working on
the highest performance level.
You are your best cheer leader. You are your best mentor, best coach. You are your
best teacher.
You see my home, I got notes everywhere, with positive aﬃrmation. I have CD
playing in background, doing the talking, so now it’s automated and you may
think it doesn’t make a diﬀerence but the unconscious is taking it all in and it
does make a huge diﬀerent to your life.
I have created my own CDs using software so they play in background.
You walk about listening to music?
I listen to my music which a billion plus dollar machine and I am not going to
give it shit information. I walk about on headphones and no one knows I am
listening to words I produced to deceive myself.
Yes, I deceive myself even when I am walking and in tube train listening to the
aﬃrmations I have written to pave the life I want and I feel awesome. I feel on top
of world and I give credit to the years of doing this with patience and discipline.
Took a while getting used to due to old habit the ﬁght was won years ago. You got
to ﬁght for yourself as no one else will.
You begin to feel the engine inside you, propel you forward and even if you want
to procrastinate, you can’t. It’s like your whole nervous system is pushing you and
that’s because of all the work you did days, weeks, months and year after year,
paying oﬀ.
It is the ﬁrst thing I teach with dating.
Forget women. Forget dating. Forget sex and relationships. That’s what I teach
ﬁrst. It is the core of self development, the foundation of discipline, the most

diﬃcult to do but when done…you see the diﬀerence.
Yes, I deceive myself every day and it works like a beauty.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I dumped my boyfriend because I needed to focus on studying.
He unfriended me on everything immediately. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called…moving on.
He’s making sure you don’t start doing the attention seeking nonsense,
spamming his feeds with photos, and your face, acting all smug, to videos on
some boring interest, or negativity, so he can focus on his studies and life.
He’s not ineterested reading your life story on social media and bullshit memes
and selﬁes, and what is going around world, or how many guys send dick pics to
your inbox and all that crap.
He’s smart. He got his priorities straight.
It’s called…moving on.
Now..you move on instead of trying to control his life.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

People use to say that your personality is formed by 5 people
you spend the most of the time, but what if I spend most of the
time in solitude?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then, in the most simplest way I can say it..
You…are..literally screwed.
Mostly every guy and woman who contacts me, about how they cannot get dates,
they cannot make friends, they cannot connect wth people, socially awkward,
blah blah shy, isolate themselves.
They expect I have a secret that will change all that in one day or week, or a
month. It’s not going to happen
If you want to make your life hard for future, be my guest but there is a saying..
“The skills your mind has - if you don’t use them or build on them, you lose them.”
It’s really how it is.
It doesn’t matter 5 people you associate with or none. That’s what really matters
end of the day.
If you don’t engage the world, the world don’t give a fuck about you because you
don’t give a fuck about it.
Worse, you’ll ﬁnd your social skills, your conﬁdence, in many areas in the social
world is so low, you’d be 30, a virgin and by that time, I won’t be around to say
what needs to be said as world kisses your ass, giving you motivational speeches
on how it’s alright being yourself and living it up in solitude.
Life is already hard.
It’s not Disney.
Don’t make it harder.

Socialise. Mingle. Connect.
11k Views · View Upvoters

How can I defend myself against a narcissist who keeps coming
back?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Stop falling for his faked family illnesses and anything. He and his relatives,
friends, or the sky falls on his head is not your responsibility.
2. See everything as “he wants my attention. I don’t give a fuck if he has cancer and
dying.” Done. Think like that. I know, it’s harsh but it’s the only way.
3. He always sends you emails. Ok then. Change your email address!
4. If he keeps calling you on phone. Change your phone number.
5. If you got social media account. Change it and don’t use your real name and let
only close people to know. Make sure to not add anyone you don’t know on social
media.
6. Be careful of monkeys, people he knows who visit you to spy on you to pass
information back. Speak not a word of him to anyone.
7. If you bump into him, don’t give attention, no reaction on face, like you don’t
give a shit, bored, be dull, be unresponse, totally no response because everyting is
that…to get…you to respond. A reaction.
Block on everything, be like a master mind strategist and everything see it as a
lie. It is now not your responsibility what happens to him, his relatives.
No more falling for the tricks, don’t defend, don’t explain, don’t justify. Simply
nothing because that is what he wants..
“Aha, see, I still got control over you.”
Yeah, I bet he’s wondering all that attention you gave him with the lingerie and
being a godess, all that sensuality, loving, conﬁdent and sexiness…and he fucked
it all up.
He isn’t going to get that kind of loving and attention that easy, believe me. He’ll
do whatever he can to now get your attention.
Watch it with the apologises. Don’t fall for it. The apologises is nothing but to
hammer your mind, make you feel shit and doubt your decision, and mess up
your sanity.
Block him on everything, Be a Bitch now to him by not giving a damn.
Let him now burn.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

A guy at work told me that he missed me when I was not there
and I was blank because I didn't know what to say, I like him
though, how should I have reacted?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter. He now takes it in his own mind, you don’t feel the same way.
Message received.
118 Views · View Upvoters

I am a 23 year old girl. I have a crush on my friend, told him so.
He said he thought we were very good friends. What do I do?
Please see attached link.

 http://www.rapidtables.com/tools/notepad.htm
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see he sees you as a friend and the behaviour in which you projected to know
him, was platonic and now, it be awkward for him to date you.
He’s saying he’s not sexually and romantically attracted to you.
He just sees you as a friend.
I always say, when you desire someone, behave as a lover from day one and not
covert. This is what happens when women or men try being friends ﬁrst and then
want to change the dynamics.
It can be really diﬃcult to move the dynamics and connection from friend to
sexual and romantic. It sometimes works but most of the time, it is just very
diﬃcult because of the followng…
You see, in mind of a friend is this..
If the relationship doesn’t work out, friendship will never be the same.
I’d move on and this time, not to fall for a friend and limit time with guy friends
and go and meet other guys to date.
I’d not mess with your social circle. Keep it as a social circle for friendship but go
out there to date guys.
878 Views · View Upvoters

What should be the sex frequency of a man per month in the
age of 40 to 50 years old?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every man is diﬀerent as every woman is regarding this matter. It depends on
person, their own biology, psychology, testestorone, physical of ﬁtness, health
and so on.
I’m in my 40s but my body in shape and muscle of 30 or younger as I hit the gym
4–5 a a week, eat good, sleep well and on weekend, I do thai boxing and boxing,
ready for the ﬁght coming for ring.
I have sex 4+ times a week and sometimes more and each sex session last hours.
Then there’s the quickies as we just go nuts sometimes being naughty when
walking about, or at oﬃce, or in house, etc.
On the day though, it can be 2–3 times a day thought it’s not always penetration,
but lots of foreplay or quickies.
Also my lovers are smilar, as they are physical ﬁt, high sexuals, they also don’t
have children, indpendant ﬁnancially like myself, we don’t need to rush for jobs,
except one of my lovers does, and we don’t have drama and stress in our life or
toxic people.
So it’s going to depend on the man, his life, his habit, his lifestyle, environment,
psychology and biology.
There is no rule.
It’s really depends on you, and also your partner, as well as the factors I
mentioned above.

1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Does getting ﬁngered by a random man during massage qualify
as cheating while she is in a relationship? If yes and if she tells
me about it, what do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - So I was at a massage and well, a man ﬁngered me for 15 minutes as I
opened my legs wider and relaxed
Boyfriend - Yeah? That’s nothing. While you was at the massage, I had a woman
here, giving me a hand job and a blow job, and wow, it was amazing.

If she consented to it, she is cheating.
If not, it is assault and so, she needs to ﬁle charges but from what I know, these
places have cameras for that reason, so they don’t get sued if someone claims
something and it’s not true and also for protection of clients.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do so many romance novels have the guy fall for the shy,
quiet girl when that rarely happens in real life?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why do movies and romance novels have hot good looking males as
heroes, on cover of the book?
Why do movies like 50 shades of Grey has a Hot man as a Dom and shy
woman falling for him?
Why do Bad Boys in movies look hot and doesn’t even come close to the
reality except if you’re watching dumb fuck hollywood celebrity photos
and news?
Because..
It sells.
It makes money.
Because…people buy that shit.
Easy to blame the authors or the movie industry, or Hollywood, or music
industry. It’s business. They are supplying to the demand.
Who keeps buying it for them to keep producing the same stuﬀ, same archetype,
same story lines, year after year?
People do.
People do not want reality.
They want fantasy.
It sells. It makes money. It’s good business if you’re good at marketing because
some books are shit and yet sell in millions due to marketing.
It’s all about..money.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is it like to date a bad boy? What types of things would
you do for a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before we meet, we make sure you are sexually conﬁdent, you are sex positive,
you are not following some dating rules, you’re down for a fuck when it happens.
You’re fun, you’re adventureous, kinky, positive attitude and you don’t take jokes
and ﬂirting seriously but ﬂow with it.
If we ﬁnd the opposite, we move on.
If we ﬁnd you’re shy, socially awkward, we move on.
If you play push and pull techniques, or being ambigious. We move on.
If you are boring in ﬁrst time you connect with us and don’t ﬂirt, show why we got
to meet, sexualise, seduce then…we move on.
Communication will stop and date won’t happen.
We are down for fun, exciting, kinky and sexy adventure.
We would have already said what will happen.
We are direct.
You cannot then say you didn’t know what you’re going in for. You know 100%
and we will make sure you know.
It is our qualifying process to screen women out
Women disqualify themselves. Therefore, we do not see rejection. We see the
woman does not qualify for our attention, time and resources.
As we ﬂirt….sexualise…in our behaviour…
We listen and read to see if you consent for hot sexy moves but if we ﬁnd one hint
of you not reciprocating, judgement, devaluing, criticisms, negativity from the
approach stage or texting, or phone…we back oﬀ and you’ll not see us again.
But if you challenge us sexually and as a example…
“I am so dripping wet right now. When I get my hands on you, I wil ride your
dick so hard like no girl can, we’ll do 69 and give you the most incredible
blow job. I want you to fuck me in ass and do all you said I’d experience with
you.”
You get the idea. it is on.
This part if very important….
If you do not show you’re diﬀerent than other women who are culturally
programed and you act all friend way….we move on.
You’ll not get a text reply.
You’ll not get a private message reply.
You’ll not get a phone call.
If you don’t start ﬂirting for real and sexualising like crazy, if you act covert
with hints…..then there is no need for you to be with us Bad Boys.
If you say..

“I’m so busy with studies/work/relatives/hobbiess and interest are blah blah,” you
will notice we will not continuing our communication with you.
You’re talking to a Bad Boy not some chump.
We’re not looking for friends. We got tons of them already oﬄine.
We look for diﬀerence, for conﬁdence, for rebel, for sexual, for hot kinky mind,
for intiative, that she leads as well, that she shows why she desires a Bad Boy, and
we don’t believe in dirty mind but a sexy imagination. So get dirty, get raw, use
your imagination or we move on.
We don’t give a fuck what feminist book you are reading.
We don’t give a damn about the battle of sexes.
We don’t give fuck who you got crush
We don’t care who checked you out
We don’t give afuck what your friends think about us
We don’t give a fuck what societh thnks.
We don’t give a fuck about questions like “oh why do you like me?
If we are commuicating, that is enough. You don’t need to beg for validation with
such questions.
It is true what people say.
Bad Boys don’t give a fuck and we do what we want.
We don’t give a fuck how many followers you have.
We don’t give a fuck how much money you got.
We don’t give a fuck who you are in your community.
We don’t care about how famous you are.
All we care about is - are you you from same tribe as us, are you a woman
with a hot bad girl inside of her? Are you down for a fuck, fun, excitement
and be part of an adventure.
You want a Bad Boy then be a Bad Girl.
You want a Bad Boy then be the Naughty Girl, dress up to make us go wow, sexy,
hot, no panties underneath and tell the Bad Boy as you whisper..
“I’ll be wearing no panties, andwhen I meet you, I will devour your lips, and
grind you in street and not give a damn who is looking..”
Be the woman who challenges him sexually that it’s you grabbing his dick like it’s
yours when meet him instantly, when you can in the corner street or going for the
kiss or stoke his dick under table.
Being timid and shy is a turn oﬀ for the Bad Boy.
We don’t care about why you’re timid, shy or inexperienced with ﬂirting. Learn.
Figure out. Plenty of ways to learn now online.
You needed to be prepared to want to date and be with a Bad Boy so do your
homework and leave the games behind.
Don’t expect us to be patient and waiting.
You needed to be prepared, ready and own it already.

When texting, talking on phone, the Bad Boy needs to hear the consent. Use
the most outrageous words, sexual, hardcore, raw and images you ﬁnd on
net, and show him you are badass too.
You have to say it out loud, clearly by phone or text, saying exactly what you
desire to happen. Show him, use images you ﬁnd. Lure him in and he’ll love your
conﬁdence and boldness.
Say it out loud and clear that you consent what he desires to experience with you
and you cannot be ambigious or we do not meet. We are not dating for platonic
friendship bleh talk.
Bad Boys love submissive women, who likes to pleasure him as he would like to
do the same. It’s role playing fun when dating a Bad Boy.
Never swtch this phase oﬀ.
Always behave sexual, fun, ﬂirtatious.
Romance and all that will happn in time.
One thing to note..
Don’t be deceived by movies. Bad Boys are very big romantics but you got to give us
time and yes, we do desire relationship but you got to be diﬀerent to most women.
You got to be very sexual with him and submissive and sensual in your ways,
clothes, and words and tone of your voice. Keeping the ﬁre going as he will too.
You also need to know we are not someone to possess.
The one who tries that, we leave.
The one who gives us the freedom, not control us, sees we are not monogamous,
wins the Bad Boy’s love. Period.
The own who is sexually experienced, far more submissive sexually and life,
keeps the Bad Boy.
Try even once to ﬁt him in the social norms, we move on and we will without a
word. We have no mercy for anyone trying that game on us.
You KNOW what you’re getting into so stop lying to world and anyone else why a
Bad Boy behaves that way.
It is in our nature. It’s who we are. We are not going to change. Our parents
couldn’t change us.
The system couldn’t.
Women before you, hotter than you couldn’t.
What makes you think you can? You can’t
You can’t because we are..not..broken.
We need to ﬁrst experience you time and time again, and we begin to open up
being romantics. We want to experience how it’s like to be in a relationship with
you without hearing,..
“What if you love someone else too, I want you for myself.” Say that or behave that
way, and we move on.
Also, “What are we?”
You’ll know what “are we,” because we will get you to meet our closest in time,
our relatives, our friends, and our world but not until we can trust you are
diﬀerent than the rest who want to ﬁx and change us.

Promises, labels, cannot keep the Bad Boy.
You want the label, fair enough but it means nothing to us.
If you make sex a big deal, we now ﬁgured this is all you got to oﬀer and trying to
trap us into a relationship.
You don’t trap a Bad Boy but seduce him.
You don’t ask, “how do I get him to commit.”
You get him to feel, to be aroused, to feel high with you whenever he is with you,
whenever he hears from you but if all you are everytime he sees or hears you is
toxic, misery, negativity, boring us with your hard life stories, then we will not
commit.
We don’t want that in our life.
You committ in being sexual, seduce the bad boy, show him you’re far
experiences sexually, and all his fantasies, desires, lust will be satisﬁed by you
and he won’t get it better than this by your behaviour.
If you made sex a big deal, you wn’t have the experience. You can forget ever
keeping a Bad Boy. No matter how hot you are, if you are not sexually
experienced, forget it.
Show him sexual pleasure, show him a godess, show him fun, excitement,
conﬁdence and challenge his sexuality so far he feels no other girl out there can
do so.
Show him, whenever he turns up, he forgets the Masculine world and he feels like
he’s in a world of a godess, sexual, free, submissive, pleasuring him, making him
feel free from worries and competition.
When time comes he opens up to share his feelings, his pain, you wrap your arms
around him and you say these magic words..
“Everything baby, is going to be alright. We’ll ﬁgure it out together. With me…you…
are…safe.”
Show aﬀection, empathy, and when you do that….get ready. He’s letting you into
his heart. Keep your word. Make sure you don’t lie, you don’t betray. He’s been
direct with you from day one.
That’s how you get comittment from a Bad Boy but you’ll never get
monogamy. Bad Boys are lovers and have multiple lovers.
When you know how, when you understand that Bad Boys do love, do want
aﬀection, do want relationship but it has to be done in a certain way, you’ll have a
Bad Boy falling in love with you but you’ll never own him the way he won’t own
you.
You can walk away whenever you want if you don’t like this lifestyle.
But you cannot say you didn’t know what you was going into for.
If all is well…we meet…to date…
1. We have fun checking the town
2. You get to meet some of our friends because we’ll already planned stuﬀ like
party, or going to night club, we dance or checking sights out in city.
3. We know what you want to check out, so it’s part of the experience.
4 As we walk about, be ready for the kiss, hands down your pants, feelng your
pussy, clenchig your ass, pinning to a wall somewhere and kiss.

Maybe fucking in some corner or behind a tree if it’s safe to do so or in a car
giving blow job and hot sex
5. We go to our place or yours. We have hot pulsting ponding thrusting sex and we
expect you are so turned on, you’re already unzipping and got the cock in your
hand.
Be ready to have your pussy eaten and hours of foreplay and kinky sex.
5. After sex, shower, you’ll be taken to a hot plush resturant, and you’ll see he
knows everyone, and the manager knows him, the staﬀ knows him, he’s very
sociable guy, fun guy.
Meal will already been paid.
All has been arranged before hand.
Leave your money alone and if you make it a big deal, no problem, you can pay
another time. It’s not a competition on sexuality or power but on just having fun
and not take things seriously.
6. You also go to another place, to drink and then drop you home.
Stay calm.
You’ll get a a text saying how awesome time was wth you and…let’s meet again.
That’s your cue to say, “I had incredible time, loved it, and yes, let’s meet.”
And sort time and date together. He’ll lead anyway but show also initiative from
your side.
As you can see, we behave diﬀerently.
We are direct.
We like clarity.
We don’t like ambigouity.
We do not like shyness and awkwardiness.
We plan, we are organised and we are bold to ensure before we meet, it is on
sexually and romantically.
We’re not apologetic, we don’t meet for platonic, we don’t follow norms dating
rules, and we’re very sexual, fun.
We like to a woman who is same as ourselves.
There we go.
If it’s not for you…stay away and ﬁnd some nice guy.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why are big butts attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Women’s ass is directly connected to the spine.
You think we just look at your ass?
We look at your curve too but in an unconscious way. Some of us who are self
aware know this.

To a man at an unconscious level, the message is - that when she has babies, it
will be safer, no accidents and she and child will be safe.

Curving spine. It’s sexier and reveals status.

Hence, the way many photo shoots of model to women on Facebook and
Instagram, curve their spine, and ass up and out…

Even women don’t know why they do it at an unconscious level but like men, at
an unconscious level, it is really saying..
“When I have babies, child will be healthy, no accident because my spine is strong
and connected to the treasure, the ass, the SEX TOYS you like to… Dominate.”
Like I said… the curving of spine… and ass…

As for the usual story of how many years ago the tight hips and big ass is a sign of
fertility…
It was a sign for status symbol, then… Fertility.
Back then it was always about power, status, competition, for survival. Children
were also about status. Bearing a child was about status. To not be able to bear
children, lost status.
For man who cannot impregnate a woman, he lost status.

No status?
You are completely fucked and ousted out of the tribe or you had less. You’re own
survival now is in danger and your own next generation is gone.
You’re lineage is over.
Therefore nothing has changed just more mixed storytelling. Freud got it right
too i.e. status symbol, ass… Toy.

Today, perceived value is king, whether many like to deny to each other about it.
Status now rules in our perceived value world until your ass and tits sagging.

No matter how she arches her back and show her ass, those days are gone and
now she is competing against younger women who are dating older men.
Now she yearns for the attention but the pool of men for her is smaller and
quickly too as the younger now know how to demonstrate their status…

By then, a woman has to look for another kind of status… Man of stability and
ﬁnancial, and not because of money but stable long-term relationship.
He doesn’t have to be that good looking either but he must have status. He must
have resources and stability.

It is all about status but it is still connected to sex.
In 50 years time, it will still be about status and it shall rule sex as it always has.
Credit: Images from Pinterest and The Chive.
17.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys stare at girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is a secret, women for centuries have been trying to answer. Yes, it has baﬀﬂed
so many for decades and even had psychologist trying to do some survey.
It is a question that has boggled the mind of girls for decades. Some have tried to
kidnap us guys, put us in a lab to change us but…it didn’t work.

So here goes in simple terms…
Guys stare because…
We see and imagine what your ass looks like naked..

Because we imagine what these two feels like…

Guys stare because…
We imagine, if you’re hot, what sex will be like. Oooooh the dirty word “SEX!”
OMG he said the word “SEX!”
We stare at anything with tits, ass and hot legs for stress relief, for happiness, for
loving beauty and because of..
1. Desire
2. Lust
I get great pleasure seeing beauty. I paint it. I sculpt it in workshop. I take photos.
I write songs and stories, and all sorts about women, beauty and all kinds of
topics.
I don’t cat call it in street and I don’t stare, but I do look and I love seeing beauty
of all kinds, shapes and sizes.
I also get inspired. Yep. I get inspired with tons of ideas when I see hot, sexy,
attractive women.
I also love the diﬀerent clothes women wear.
They have so much variety. It’s intriguing to see how you put diﬀerent styles
together and it still ﬁts, and looks really great and she looks like sexy lioness..

I see some of the clothes are amazing, very well designed, and way women put
things together, you can tell sometimes, it took a lot of time.
Like these simple touches and yet look how elegant and sexy it is and that choker
is amazing too. You got so many ways to dress and even the jewellery and all
kinds of accessories is sometimes amazing.
Yes, we even look because you’re wearing a unique glitter choker and it also goes
with the style of the style you wear…

Sometimes just the simplicity does it..

Sometimes it is just that you wear something simple and you got this amazing
luscious red or pink lips..

And imagine how it feel to kiss those lips and getting a blow job.
In one word…
Hormones.
But also guys look because…
1. WTF is she wearing? Christ. Awful?
2. Is that the new Nike shoes?
3. Has she got hair extensions?
4. I bet those eyebrows are fake
5. Blonde hair and brown eyebrows? Come, get your act together.
6. I bet that ass are implants
7. Is she friendly or not
8. Why she got a bitch face on, I wanted to talk to her

9. Has she got a boyfriend
10. Jeesh, she’s unapproachable
So it’s hormones, desire, lust, curiousity, all packed in one.
Credit: Images from Pininterest.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I love a man who doesn't love me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because people love to have what they can’t get as it makes them feel they are
worthy, like they made some achievement, and being validated is like a bitch of a
drug that makes people do crazy things.
You know, the thrill of the chase, the hormones kicking oﬀ, the fantasy while a
hundred men are around you will say yes and yet you are chasing someone who
doesn’t give a fuck about recipocrating your feelings.
I won’t be surprised if you got a gang of guys who are close friends who’d date you
right now and fall in love with you.
But no, you rather chase some guy who doesn’t feel same way as you do.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

There is this guy that I like. I told him, in person, about me
liking him, and his whole friend group knows. There is
homecoming soon, people say he is going to ask me. I have been
waiting for 5 days, now I am having doubts. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s a nice guy.
Acts all big in front of his mates, talks about girls who talked to him to get
validation from others but hasn’t the balls to ask girls out. He rarely ever takes
action to ask a girl out.
He fears rejection but most of all, everything he does regarding such things is for
validation, to look cool to others but really, when it comes to it, he’s all talk and
no action.
Probably pretends to be a friend ﬁrst for ages and goes round circles before he
even asks you out on a date. By that time, you probably friendzoned his ass or feel
he isn’t much of a man to date because you know, if a guy cannot keep his mouth
shut and ﬁrst ask you out, then he’s not much of a guy who will keep things to
himself if ever it didn’t work out and break up happens.
He probably tell his friends all about how you was a bitch blah blah blah.
See his behaviour now. Action speaks louder. The ﬁest he needed to do is as you
out but forget shy and all that. He fears rejections. He does it for validation to
look cool because a guy who does want to date you and has the balls, would have
done so already.
If that’s the type of traite of a guy you want to date?
If so, it’s going to you who needs to lead and since women toot “we are equal”
then why wait for him to ask you out?
Why not you go and ask him out?

After all, you’re his equal.
If you don’t and he doesn’t, well, this is so going to drag on for ages.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best advice you've received?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Get the fuck up mother fucker
Him - Eh? What?
Me - Get the fuck up. I got my laptop here and for one month we’re doing this
HIm - Doing what?
Me - Getting you a job so you can stop bitching. Plus, you are doing me a favour. I
can use your story for a book I am thinking about
Him - What book?
Me - How to Get A Job Using The Fucking Internet in 30 Days.

He’s one of my friends and he’s got a big ego, pride so I had to say it in a way that
it was my pain and reason why I am doing it.
I’ve seen him spiral down after the break up wth his ex and it hit him so hard he
was getting depressed but he won’t say yes to help because of pride. So I had to
use the other side of me, the Twin, Gemeni. The dark side.
Him - But what if I don’t want to
Me - There are times in life that sometimes you do what you don’t like to do, to get
what you want in life. You need a job and getting you one gets rid of your bitching!
It’s doing my head in you fucking wanker,
It worked!
One month hammering away, getting his CV sorted and he ﬁnally I saw him
smiling after he got his ﬁrst wages, Now, he can buy his own damn drinks.
14.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if you feel physically attracted to someone
you're dating, but not intellectually?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are some lovers I am in relationship who are not intellectual, and by that I
mean they cannot communicate on some of my interest, which by the way, I
thank the fucking stars they can’t.
Makes things far more interesting for me.
The one thing I admire about them is they got other areas, they are witty, fun,
creative, passionate about their own stuﬀ.
They are into coding, programming, mathematics and I just don’t have the
patience to learn that and more of a creative side in painting, writing, and come
up with concepts for marketing and business ideas , writing on the spot but they
can’t or don’t have patience for it.
However, together, we are very good team in having a laugh, fun, sexually and
intimately, and we ﬁnd other areas we can connect with.
I am not really that interested in high intellectuals but I am interested in high
emotional intelligence which by the way they got.

Now if someone is emotionally cold, or have challenging expressing their feelings
to me, well, forget it. It would be very frusrating. I have been there and I am type
who needs that and needs to hear it often and if that isn’t there, we now got
problem and we are not compatible.
The same for sex. If woman is not high sexual or at least doesn’t like sex or makes
sex like some big deal in dangling it, then I know she comes with some cultural
programming, negative about sex and sees world and life in a way I won’t tolerate
in my life and nor do I want to be in romantic and sexual relationship with. We
are not compatible.
Same if the woman doesn’t like dominant masculine men. I’m dominant and
desire very submissive women. So that is very important to me as well and if a
woman isn’t, we are compatible.
So there are some very important values, needs and desires I will not
compromise.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you feel when you kiss a girl? I think kissing is
overrated cause I feel nothing when I do. Am I right?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Speak for yourself.
I love it and I won’t ever date or be in relationship with a woman who doesn’t like
kissing and thinks it’s overrated.
It’s incredible sensation and intimacy, and the secret is you need to be very
attracted to the person, not just go oﬀ dating anyone.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What has been your experience with being attracted to
someone who was just so sexy, but oh so shy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s say, I won’t do it again.
It’s emotionally draining and just not for me. There was a time I was able to do it
but not anymore.
I need someone who is conﬁdent to express their feelings and is very sociable,
ﬂirtatious and sexual in her behaviour.
Shy doesn’t do it for me.
So no, won’t bother as I don’t see sexy shy.
I see sexy as sexual conﬁdence and conﬁdence in social skills, high self esteem
and not shy. I see sexy not just in how a woman looks in ﬁgure and dress but also
in behaviour.
Being shy is not something I want in my life right now or future when it comes to
dating and relationships.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you guys ﬁnd it hard to confess your feelings to someone?
Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes for reasons of being societally conditioned that men are suppose to not show
aﬀection, and act all aloof, pretending they don’t desire the woman, because it’s
not manly.
But also..
1. Many have shown their intent to women who then acted aloof.
2. Many have shown they desire a woman but the woman wanted the thrill
of the chase.
3. Many have shown they desired, wanted to show aﬀection and found the
women dissappear
4. Many have shown feelings to ﬁnd it is not recipocrated
5. Many fouind themselves rejected or sick and tired of the games, princess
act, aloofness that they can’t be assed anymore.
6. Many have opened up to ﬁnd themselves being punished with silent
treatment and judged.
Now, they will be very careful to confess their feelings or share how they feel if
they feel there’s a problem with whoever they are in relationship with.
So it is also based on past experiences most men have had and it is projected in
present day of their lives. Not everything is socially conditioned/cultural
programming.
The experiences of the past also plays a part.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't you drink alcoholic beverages?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason I don’t drink is because..

And because..

The other reason is seeing..

My choices are far clearer to avoid them.
Also it gets guys pulling faces like...

And because when these guys are distracted and drunk…

I walk away always with..

You see, no comparison.
I ﬁnd not drinking alcohol has more beneﬁts and also, I don’t need it to socialise
or feel amazing, to relax or have conﬁdence.
Nor do I need it to sort out any issues.
I can do all that on my own, without a drink but also..sex is much better for me.
Although I do have some drinks if the woman I am with, needs some to relax but
apart from that, I don’t drink.
99.4k Views · View Upvoters

How many of you think it is unfair if popular, famous Quorans
have every word of theirs treated as precious gold while
obscure Quorans can write a thousand words but they mean
nothing to anybody?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hey, don’t get disheartened. In fact, get someone to look at your answers, from
the “famous Quoran’s” and you’ll probably get some help, look through and if
you’re ready, you’ll get to work and kick ass.
Maybe you’re in a niche that really doesn’t do well or maybe you just need to keep
going, ﬁnding your voice, and get over the curve, to then see things happen.
Here’s something you didn’t know..

Did you know, many are reading your answers but not voting or even
following you?
Yes, I have many like that who read answers, life changed and none following or
voting. I know because I get lots of messages daily saying that but they are not
voting or following.
So you never know, you’re changing someone’s life out there.
Chin up, and don’t stop writing and most of all, do it for the love of it.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

When you were with someone who in retrospect you realized
was wrong for you, what were the signs while you were with
them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst is…
1. Self centred.
Much of conversation and interaction was about them. You ﬁnd they never really
take interest in you, your life, passion and most of all…you give more while they…
give far less…

2. They don’t speak your emotional language while you work hard to learn theirs,
and speak theirs. It becomes emotionally draining and you feel it’s gamey, you
feel it’s testing and you feel it’s all attention seeking…

3. As time goes by you begin to see they are not who they say they are and there is
a compatibility issue..

It begins to change you as you see the person isn’t going to be able to satisfy your
needs, wants and pleasures.
Many red ﬂags like these and more begin to appear especially how they are not as
certain as you are of the relationship, and you see they got trust issues, and yet
you didn’t.
So this can change you to get so turned oﬀ to walk away and move on.
Nothing is going to change no matter how you think love will conquer all. Love
won’t ﬁx lack of compatibility and a lot of the issues you see on here.
It’s best to move on.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

I’m sexually inexperienced, so sex is uncomfortable. My
boyfriend says this is the biggest turn oﬀ for him. How do I
handle this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can’t handle someone who is…inexperienced.
I’m talking about your boyfriend not you.
It’s one thing if you’re not compatible
For example, one of you is monogamous and other isn’t. Or one of you does not
want sex ever and other desires sex in the relationship.
That for me is a deal breaker immediately and especially when a woman lied
about it in the begining, which many do to try to ﬁx, change a guy to be that “one”
partner.
But in your case, it’s not about that but rather you are with an inexperienced,
immature and selﬁsh guy. You can’t handle this. This is his mindset and
personally, sex with him won’t be a pleasurable experience but rather it be a
conquest for him.
You see, one of the phases of sex is about helping one another to feel comfortable.
For example I do a lot before sex so the woman I am with is comfortable, such as
ﬂirting, teasing in a fun way, startng slow, lots of conversation, taking my time,
and arousing her to such a high state arousal, she’s wants sex right now, she is
comfortable, she is happy, she is nervous a bit but she is so comfortable to desire
sex, and very aroused.
Before even that,we have talked about sex, ﬁnd out where she is, discussing
bondaries, and see what we can do together to help with the comfort stage too.
The key is together you have an attitude to help one another, and it isn’t the
pleasure of one person but pleasure of both.
I don’t see that happening with your boyfriend.
You’re inexperience with sex would only be a problem if you have some negative
views about sex, if you are dangling sex like a carrot, that it’s some prize, a trophy,
got some idea about how it’s sex is divine, or dirty to do with a man who isn’t
going to be that “one” long lasting partner, which is a deal breaker for me as that
is about controlling the outcome.
But it looks like it’s just you want him to work with you to be comfortable,
aroused, excited, and look forward to having sex. You know, empathy,
compassion and to work together as lovers.
He doesn’t see that but rather he sees sex as pleasure just for himself.
10 Views · View Upvoters

Why I don’t have the mood to have sex with someone before I
meet my soulmate? I feel like it's a sin/betrayal to my faceless
dream girl. Am I a normal man, or am I a rare species?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying I use..
“You don’t need to be in prison and behind bars to lose your freedom. You can do it
all by yourself in your mind..”
You have answered your question..
“ I feel like it's a sin/betrayal to my faceless dream girl.”
Called..guilt, shame and the disease to come called - Oneitis.
It’s called societal conditioning.

As for rare speciﬁes..
I get it.
We all want to feel special.
Yes, we all want to feel special, we all want to believe we are the one, we all want
to believe “our relationship is far better than anyone else,” we all want to have this
amazing hollywood, bollywood romance story that there is a person made all for
us, just for us and who will..complete..us.
It’s why wmen aslk..
“How do I know he’s a player?”
“How do I know he’s not using me?”
“How do attract a guy who wants a relationship”
“How do I know he doesn’t just want sex?”
To men who ask…
“How do I impress women?”
“How do I get her to like me?”
“How do I break the ice with this hot woman?”
“How do I get her to have sex with me?”
“How do I get her to want a relationship with me?”
All of these questios is all about guilt, all about shame, all about fear, all about…
ego, and ego is all about..controlling that we cannot control and when such
people do nto get vakidated the way they want, instead of seeing how their
mistake is shame, guilt, possessive, socially constructed concepts, ideals, they
label the other person as…
Player, asshole, jerk, bad boy, slut, whore, too easy, bad girl because the ones who
label are the ones who want to believe….they are special, they are rare, they are
better than someone else.
Well, let me show you fucking speciual they are and in fact, how all of us are so…
special…

That’s all of us, on planet earth.
Tiny..
Yes, deep down many of us like to believe there is this one person in this planet
that is made just for them, born just for them, to fulﬁll their needs and desires.
“The one.”

The soul mate.
The right man.
The right woman.
Never mind, opening their eyes that people before them have married, divourced,
people date and break up and move on to meet many other partners, and
relationships they see are dysfunctional and are running rife in societies today.
The obvious, the logic seems to just bounce oﬀ most people and cannot seem to
see that there is so many dangers and harmful myths regarding soul mates and
it’s still being being societally conditioned using many tools today.
Even a dinasouar children cartoon movie was pushing that agenda and 10
children sitting down watching it to lap it all up.
These ideas are responsible for limiting our own growth, our own spiritual
growth, our own minds and being able to have the capacity of maturity and being
responsible adults to avoid believing that anything outside our control will
complete our life.
It is all misguided, socially conditioned, cultural programming and very
dangerous for our own well being.
Even ths idea of “the dream girl,” is so child-like, immature. I mean who speaks
like that than an immature person who hasn’t grown up yet.
As for sex, it is your choice.
You do whatever but all you are saying comes from guilt and shame. Has nothing
to do with being a rare species.
You probably believe you need to marry a virgin and have that on some pedestal
too and if a woman slept with someone, then..
“Oooh she’s not a virgin, I need a virgin because I am special. Ooh what people will
say if they ﬁnd out I didn’t marry a..virgin.”
Here’s a reminder of all of us on planet earth to see how rare we are, and all that
sex we so make a big deal, and our games, and our bullshit we play day after day
to make ourselves feel so special…

What’s rare these days is common sense.
Most people just don’t have it until their hearts ripped to shred, stamped on, spit
on 10 times and then wake up to reality.

1.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a person has a lot of chemistry like you, does that mean that
they are your soul mate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means there is attraction but that is it..
I don’t believe in the myths and fallacies of soul mates but I do believe in this..
That two people, if they both seek compatibility, if the focus on that and be
honest with each other, and if they have the specialised knowledge and skills,
they have a greater chance in growing together, in becoming lovers, who can
connect at a deeper level that most, to have a long prosperous together.
You will feel this feeling with many people, as I have but I ﬁnd sometimes there is
lack of compatibility, of the person needs to grow and I don’t have time to wait for
someone to grow and see what I have seen, experienced what I have experienced
and know it may take them years. I cannot wait for them for years to grow as it be
frustrated.
I’ve done it before and it is emotionally draining and it is best to be lovers with
someone who is already there in sexual conﬁdence, in other areas which gives us
compatibility than trying to convince, or trying to ﬁx and change someone.
Or it always end disasterously.
From experience, you will meet many and sometimes it feels like it’s going to
work but you ﬁnd at times, it doesn’t. There is something missing or something
not right, and usually and most of the time it is lack of maturity, lack of
experience, a person is projecting negative past experience and of course, the big
one is lack of compatibility.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a big deal if my boyfriend doesn't open the door for me?
Should guys still hold open doors for women today?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Should?”
This is called equality. It is not far fetched women can open doors for themselves
or do you feel you’re less of a woman when a man doesn’t open door for you?
You don’t need to wait for a man to do anything for you.
When I park car, or one of my lovers do, I’m not going running around to other
side to open door, nor running to store and opening the door. My lovers are
already out of the car or already in store and opened the door themselves.
If you want to wait around to open the door for you, hire someone for it.
Princess days are over.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Which do you prefer, sex or chocolate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I prefer licking chocolate oﬀ her breasts and wherever she’s comfortable having
chocolate spread on her.

If she wants it all down..down, and lick chocolate oﬀ all her body. I will..and she
be tied up, blindfold, as hear her moan and as she anticipates the moment when I
eat her dripping wet pussy, for her to feel the intense ﬁre spread throughout her
body to feel the jolts of electricty shoot through her when she experiences
multiple orgasms.
I prefer her licking the warm dripping chocolate oﬀ my cock and hearing and
seeing she’s enjoying it.
I prefer her in a cowgirl position, and seeing her lips roll when I feed her
chocolate fudge or any chocolate, as she slowly rides my cock deep, and we’re
close, and I stare into her soul, to kiss, lick and bite her neck and suckle her
breasts/bite her nipples for her back to arch as she moans from the pleasure of
ectasy.
Might as well have both, it’s far more pleasurable ;)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do people mean when they said that you need to get out
from your comfort zone? Do they mean that you need to change
yourself?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Oct 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means this..
If you want change in your life then you will need to do what is might not be easy
for you - such as meeting new people, going into new territory, learning new
habits and being consistent doing so.
People don’t like change, the unknown so it is comfortable to make excuses on
what one hasn’t got and stay put rather than doing something about it.
For example, it is comfortable to sit on a couch or a bed using the laptop to
browse the net looking at photos of hot girls. It’s not comfortable to go out and
approach them but you stay put, in that same place, fantasize because it is…
comfortable, it’s a zone where you got used to and it avoids you getting hurt from
rejection and so you don’t try but stay there.
Comfort zone is where you feel so at ease, safe, and you may even think you’re
conﬁdent, but moment you are out of that place or activity that makes you feel
safe and at ease and begin to feel anxiety, anxious, feeling the social pressure,
seeing people better dressed, hotter looking, higher in sexual appeal, skilled in
engaging others to start to overthink, ask too many questions and maybe even
read tons of books, websites, blogs but never really going out of…your comfort
zone to do what you know needs to be done.
Growth that most want doesn’t happen in the comfort zone.
It happens when we do what can be diﬃcult for us because it will need us to be
vulnerable, to trust, to believe in ourselves, to believe in someone else instead of
projecting our past experiences. ~
It happens when we do the work that we are not used to do, learn new skills and
engage the world we live in and even face say to someone wo we feel, showing our
hearts to also experieence rejections.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Can a man tell you have had sex by how you act? My guy friend
swears all men can. I asked how and he wouldn't explain.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
If you wear a T-shirt with this on..

In other words - he’s fucking with your head and probably laughing his head oﬀ
to his mates about it when you’re gone.
We got no super powers and no, we cannot read your mind, and no, we don’t
know if you’re attracted if you don’t tell us.
And no, we don’t know if you like to be fucked in ass or love blow jobs, your pussy
eating, how to eat your pussy, where your ergogeous zones are, what turns you
on, what turns you oﬀ, and have had sex with 100 men and if you are bisexual,
like threesome…we won’t know that except if you tell us outright.
The only time a guy ever knows is when you share who you are, your experiences,
your desires it to the guy yourself.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get a ﬁt girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean ﬁt as in…

Not her but very close enough in looks and she’s an artist and musician. That
really got me interested as I write songs was looking for a lover to jam in venues in
London, which became a topic to light up her eyes later on.
What I did leading to such click chemistry connection?
1. I hit the gym but really it was for myself. I have a goal I am reaching on I want
my body to look like. So trained for 4–5 a week.
2. Good healthy diet to build muscle and for training.
3. Good sleep.
4. Trained myself to approach many women but this time, very hot good looking
women and I wanted this time to date a red hair. It’s kind of weird when you focus
on what you want. Red hair girls start to appear wherever you go but really they
were always there but your mind was focused on something else so it ﬁlters
information to see only what you want to see i.e. emotional bias.

5. I am knowledgeable and skilled at socialising and conversation but it’s not
some normal social skills. It’s for turning a girl to feel the tingle, and her pussy
starts throbbing and she starts feeling the connection with me. Mutual attraction
though must be estalished ﬁrst and we found we are attracted to each other.
6. I ﬂirted and I am skilled at that but mine is more direct.
7. I knew which places to go and went there.
8. I ensured to approach 10–20 women a week. I don’t spend lot of time on a
woman. I ﬁnd she is available or not quick and if not, I move on. I’m not looking
for validation to show oﬀ to my friends on how cool I am talking to women. Nor
do I want to impress a woman to get some smiles or to feel good because a woman
is talking to me.
I’m not interested in being cool in the gang for friends or win some popularity
contest but to focus on an answer “FUCK YES or FUCK NO.”
9. Finally I made sure I had good overall look in style of clothes and grooming.
14.3k Views · View Upvoters

If you had to pass on what you have learned from life in one
sentence what would it be?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whatever you are going through
Whatever pain, whatever loss, great or small
How deep your heart has been broken
Whatever lot you have given and it has been forsaken
Whether you take this journey alone or with company
Go gentle or raging into the naked eye of the storm
Know this truth for I say it with certainty
On the other side you shall ﬁnd - this too shall pass
I know it so because I am waiting on the other side
I am stronger for it
So shall you be
So shall you be
Stronger

3.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with a situation where you like a girl but her
friend likes you, so the girl you like lets her friend "have you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“So the girl you like, lets her friend…have you.”
It’s not her decision. It’s my decision.
I will have also approached the girl I am attracted to and sort it, and as for girls
“let’s her friend have you,” she is then not really that into that guy.
Looks like to me, the guy was seeking validation and guys who seek validation,
are guys who do nothing else but wait instead of approaching instantly, and ask
the girl out.
That never happens except if the guy is too slow, is not being gutsy and has put
the girl in an awkward position.
If he had approached instantly, he would have made it easier for her to say yes.
But it looks like to me, she wasn’t interested in the guy in the ﬁrst place. It is an
excuse to lessen blow of rejection.
2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Shalva Qutelia

I am not able to move on even after 6 months of breakup, what
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Moving on means you have taken action so you lower the frequency. You need to
severe the connection, everything.
1. You have blocked everything, social media channels regarding this person.
2. Blocked and then deleted their phone number.
3. Deleted all photos and videos of the person. This is energy still with you. Delete
them.
4. Avoid Googling the person.
5. Get out more rather than stay in the house or apartment.
6. Get busy in building your resources again and interests.
The moment you do that, you now make way for doors to open for life to
bring you an exit, and an entrance to new experiences.
You’d be surprised when you do make a decision, that you will begin to gravitate
in other activities and it leads to an amazing connection with someone else and
with it comes lessons, you’re stronger, and in fact, and even if you did nothing
wrong, you become more loving and value the new person you meet.
It’s like you can feel it calling you to “send that message to this new person,” or “go
on, buy and read that book,” or “yes, time you did something for you like lerning to
paint, so go on meet new people.”
It propels you forward as you come to a realisation…
Life is like a Tavern…

Some people come in your life like visitors.
They come, bring not much or nothing and leave.
Some people come to take, get a drink, not bothered about giving, sit in a corner
as others give, and then they leave to never come back.
Some people come and stay for a while, ﬁlled with promises but sometimes, you
are not ready to love and so…they leave.
Others walk and look from the window, always scared to be vulerable, too hurt,
hold back to fall in love and for the rest of their life they do nothing but to make
any interaction for attention and then..walk away without even entering a peron’s
life for real. They leave a lot of damage.
You meet someone and think…
“Yes! This person is the one. It seems so right. No matter of age and distance”
Sadly, you realise as your heart breaks, that no matter how much you give, they
cannot give the way you can, they struggle speaking in way that you do, and their
experience in whatever you desire so much of, is not there. Maybe it will never be
so and so, you have to ﬂy and you feel the pain…and…they realise far too late to
remember one day, how valuable you were.
They remember, how rich was your giving.
How you loved like no one has ever loved them and probably never will. You set
the bar so high that whatever anyone else does is like pissing in the wind. You’re a
timeless memory burning in their mind for always.
For whatever reason, it doesn’t end well.
But then comes the special ones…
Some people, come at a time when your heart is breaking, you feel there is no use
to live, there is no point and…they bring the sunshine, they wake you up to see
your power…your gifts…your value…and you become hopeful again.
They save your life.
They are the ones who will bring lots of value, love as they have lived far more,
experienced far more, know far more, given far more and every word you
hear….uplifts you to realise..
“I’m going to be alright. I’m moving on.”
Hold onto to this person with all you got as they will do the same. They know
what giving looks like, they are fearless and will love and will show vulnerability
if you also do the same.

They are dark knights, the heroes, the wise and knowledeable, and their words
penetrate the depth of your soul, your unconscious and consciousness, like hand
reaching down to pull you up from the abyss.
They are far in the distance, in your timeline, who you have yet to meet or where
you have yet to move on and make that one action you think is just coincidence.
For them to appear or you to appear in their path in that timeline, you got to now
make room for amazing experiences to come in your life, amazing individuals
and opportunities.
Moving on is not going to be easy but the quicker you apply the actions
consistently….the quicker you meet whatever amazing experiences that are about
to come in your life.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best sex position for having sex in a swimming
pool?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the best sex position in swimming pools?

From experience you can do…
1. The second step or ﬁrst step as you walk in the pool. Let’s say you’re a guy, you
sit on the steps, she sits on you, cowgirl style, facing you.
2. Same position except reversed but this time, she leans forward down and
hands on a raft to stay aﬂoat.
3. She’s on the steps legs wide open facing you, arms on steps (her forearms
resting on steps) and you are fuck her and you also can caress/suckle her breasts
and even get closer to her kneck and kiss her kneck, bite her kneck and whisper
hot dirty words to her. (make sure you ﬁrst ensure she’s into the biting part and
how much)
4. Turn her around and her hands on edge of the pool or even on a small ﬂoating
thing - in a doggy style. Her legs on your side.
5. Standing, with one of her legs raised as you kiss and fuck.
6. Blow jobs - you sitting and she gives you a blow job. She can be sitting also on
edge of pool on inside, up on steps for you to eat her out.
7. You can also do the tawdry sex position
The best is communicate with each other and just experiment with an open mind
together.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why does nobody talk to me at the gym?
Adam Taha, I love to feel good and training hard in the gym does that for me
Answered Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re lucky,
I am so tired of people in gym I go to who just want to talk and I am busy doing
my sets.
So you’re lucky mate, to be in a Gym where no one talks.
The other gym is about 2 hours away and so I will have to do with the gym I am
with. It’s a great gym but just some people want to talk, and I go to train. I don’t

mind if I have ﬁnished my sets and everything, and I am just sitting down but
they always come when I am about to start next set of reps.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you seduce a woman to sleep with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. It has to be consentual. That’s what actually makes it far more fun and
exciting. That the awareness from both, man and woman know what is
going on. That’s what makes it an incredible experrience, the role
playing, and it is done out of consent both ways.
2. That means you got to be ballsy, sexual and I am sexual when I talk if I
want to attract. I don’t give a shit about other men and their talk about
“secducing” is so bad. It is if where most act and pretend you’re not into
the woman which is what most of the “talk…talk” is about.
They hide their intent, they are not sexual in the way they do things and
it’s awkard because they are shit at it. Plain and simple.
3. That mutual attraction has been established. A person is not awkward
because it is seduction. It is awkward because intent is not clear, the guy
is not experienced, the man seeks validation, there is manipulation in
which you’re doing something that other person doesn’t know they are
being inﬂuenced.
Avoid at all cost doing that. You’re missing the fun, you’re missing the
learning and you it’s amazing when the other person knows it happening
and they are so attracted to you. That’s what really makes it a rich fun
exciting experience.
They must know and that’s what gives it the edge.
The woman knows and she sees your behaviour as a lover, sexual, and
ballsy, ﬁrtatious. You’re behaviour will be diﬀerent to the common norm
social communication ways. It be obvious you are attracted to her and
yet conﬁdent.
4. That’s why you establish mutual attraction in the begining ﬁrst so you
don’t waste time. Most men talk women to death because they seek
validation and act ambigious. They are ending feelers, trying to do all
that subcommunication and not really getting on with it.
5. When mutual attraction is established she’ll ﬂirt with you. That’s what
really gets the heart racing, creates the sexual tension.
The key is - mutual attraction must be established in the begining.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible for a "player" to settle down and not cheat?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why does anyone have to cheat when he/she can be non-monogamous and be in
relationship with people who are also non-monagamous?
Let’s rephrase the question..
“Why do people who just can’t avoid trying play the game in ﬁxing and changing
someone who is not compatible with them in the ﬁrst place…and just go for someone
compatible?”

You call them players. I see it as not compatible.
The world is made of diﬀerent people with diﬀerent needs and wants.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

GUYS: What makes a woman attractive to you when you see lots
of women everyday, wherever you go?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Under 3 second it is visual, the way she looks, body, curves and dress. In other
words, her appearance…

After that, it is her sexual appeal.
Sexual appeal includes the above but far more.
It is her behaviour, her conﬁdence and her sexual conﬁdence in which she knows
she cannot follow the pack of women and be afraid and act covert.
She knows it is crucial to show she is approachable.
She knows very well the power of seduction, and she will not just look back at a
guy but she will smile, ﬂirt, and begin to seduce him to lure him in. This
seperates her from many women already.
Many women are unapproachable and follow some absurd dating rules, acting
aloof, want the thrill of the chase but she is conﬁdent to avoid being validated as a
trophy.

She doesn’t want the chase. The validation. She wants healthy connection
that starts healthy and continues to be so.
She wants to attract the man on equal grounds because she knows, if she does the
push and pull techniqies there will be mix up in cross communication
She will only attract guys who also want the thrill of the chase. She will attract the
tophy hunters who will date her and drop her because the thrill of the chase has
faded away.
In other words, she is proactive in engaging the man and with a goal in mind. The
goal is to capture his emotions, lead his imagination, turning into all possibilities
she knows to get him turned on to imagine himself with her in his mind..

The woman who succeeds in capturing a man’s emotions and imaginations, gets
the man attention and his time.
The one who thinks it’s below herself to be sexually conﬁdent, ﬂirting,
sexualising indirectly and later directly won’t and though she might be noticed
by her appearances, it’s not going to attract the man to her and nor will he
remember her either.
She will use her eyes, her lips and other subcommunication means like lowering
her voice into a seductive tone to turn him on…

Which brings us to the behaviour that after he is turned on, his mind will be
looking at whether he will be safe or she desperate to trap him into relationship
mode, which is one of the biggest mistakes most women do.
Instead, the sexually conﬁdent woman knows a man’s mind, knows he is faced
being judged by society, other women for being Masculine, being a man who
desires a woman and so she reassures him she is familiar. That she is same in
world view as he is.
She now shows him her other side by being fun, at ease, sexy…

These are things like, honesty, maturity, emotional intelligence, avoding to prejudge, being careful to not accuse male gender of anything, showing she is
sexually conﬁdent, open minded and she does not devalue him.
She shows the side of her in which she can laugh, she can be fun, she is
approachable to ask her out with using her physical touch as she knows man
doesn’t get much physical touch and knows it’s power.
She changes her body lanaguage in a seductive manner, including her voice,
licking of her lips and words.

She is versed in how to use words to and physical touch to intensify his
emotions…and she does this because she know what the goal is.
She is not wanting validation but wants results. She want him and so she uses
words targeted at this goal to let him know she wants him to ask her out, she
desires him. She uses words to turn on the heat so he is lustful over her and at
awe of her femininity…

She can engage him in a friendly ﬂirty way, always focusing on his emotions and
imagination.
She is doing it to show she is approachable, she desires him to move the pace
forward and doing this more direct ﬂirting to make him feel comfortable to know
she IS attracted to him.
She is kind, friendly, and yet at the same time very seductive.
She hasn’t a bitch face on.
She’s isn’t acting aloof.
She leaves that for women who are not sexually conﬁdent and who think ﬂirting
and being direct is beneath them. She doesn’t talk about committment or
relationship because she has to ﬁrst get him to experience all her and show him,
she got all he desires and more.
She knows…one thing can turn him oﬀ and that is your time to ensure to ﬁnd out
what it is and he will reveal it so if you’re brave enough to ask.

For example, I have blocked many women by just by reading their words on social
media, like…
“Oh when I am Tinder, if a guy ﬂirts, sexualises in text, I will block him,”
I blocked such women immediately on as I do not see that as sexually conﬁdent
and personally, what the fuck she’s doing on Tinder, when she should be on OK
CUPID or some other site.
Tinder, whether we like it or not is dominated and known as a hookup app. You
bang your photo on, swipe, swipe, for people who look for the “look” and now
we’re going to act all high and mighty about sexual ﬂirting.
Not into women who cannot diﬀerentiate and understand the diﬀerent social
dynamics and come on her pimping their sexual image as good women. I blocked
a lot of women just by what I read.
So appearance can attract but if you demonstate one value that reveals lack of
compatibility, it be over for many conﬁdent men.
Attraction can only take a woman so far and these days, dating a woman is too
time consuming, drama and so a man wants to ensure compatibility even by
visual and basic ﬁrst interaction, and it’s not gamey or he’ll not move further.
She follows through from A, B and right to meeting him again.
Most women don’t follow through because all they want is validation. They don’t
close the interaction to as for number and follow through but expect man to do
all the work.
Some men look for this as a sign of “princess” and walk away.
19.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the ﬁrst thing a man thinks when he sees a very hot
woman? What about when she starts to talk with him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want the virgin geek answer or do you want the real deal?
ok then, the real deal…..
So let’s say the hot woman is riding on her bike….

Then the thought will be..
1. Thinking of being naked with her
2. Thinking of fucking her hard
3. Thinking of her ass and how delicious it is to pound and bang
4. Thinking of blow jobs and wetness while eating her pussy out
5. Thinking of cupping, caressing and sucking her breasts/nipples
Also in the mix, the guy will think:
1. What it be like to date her
2. What if she rejects him
3. Thinks she’s out of his league
4. Probably only dates Bad Boys
5. Probaby dates only hot looking guys
5. Probably she’s already dating some rich guy
11.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are crazy things introverts do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I must have an exit.
If there’s a party, it must have a balcony if it’s on high rise ﬂats so I can get away
from people for a while. If house, a garden.
If it’s night club, I know exactly how to get out fast when I want to.
I need to know where there’s an exit.
I can’t stand sitting or being with people for too long. So don’t block the exit! Tell
me I can leave whenever I want and keep that exit clear or I will never visit you
again or see you again.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What's the most eﬀective way to get attractive college girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Status.
School and college and yes, uni, is about status.
Status is perceived value and so if you are not looking hot, if you’re not getting
things going on in these places, if you is some guy who just not good at social
dyamics, if you cannot get girls in places no guy can get them into, if you got no
leverage at all..
You are going to ﬁnd it very hard to attract attractive college girls.
If you do not know how to create percieved value (status), you don’t know how to
create attraction, period.
Learn how to do so and you’ll succeed in colleges and really, anywhere else
because contrary to belief, being nice, kind, respect blah blah will do fuck all for
you as these are not looked at until later when connection happens.
Attraction is visual. If they cannot see status, you’re done. The girl decides in
under 3 seconds or less “yes or no.”
Fall for “looks don’t matter,” and you’re are done for good. Looks matter. First
impressions matter big time.
Perceived value attracts and gets you laid.
Absolute value nurtures the relationship and keeps relationship going.
Ignore these two and your life in dating attractive and very attractive women will
be very very diﬃcult and probably even zero chance.
Embrace these two and see the world for what it is instead of what you want it to
be and you’ll reap the beneﬁts.
Best of all, it works for everything - career, job, and anything you want to do out
in the world. Who doesn’t want to associate with someone who looks good, can
make things happen, is exciting or looks healthy and strong..
Take it or leave it.
You’re life but remember this rule..
If you do leave it, you’re fucked in the real world when it comes to attracting
attractive girls/women
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What are the ﬁve most important things for a man to learn in
life?

Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. 1111111111111111111111Purpose is hard to deﬁne. Knowing what
makes you feel alive is easier.
Can you feel what makes you feel alive. Do you remember what that
activity is? Then do that, invest in that but know how to align it to
economy.
Be smart, you need to make a living so know how to do so with it. Even if
you have to work in a job that is pays the living, for you to then pay the
bills and all that, and invest a little time and money in what makes you
alive for one day, to make it your lifestyle.
2. Learn to be independant ﬁnancially.
You’ll be screwed by parents, women, men, society if you don’t. Learn
how to be good at making money, and stand on your two feet. I don’t give
a fuck if you work clearing garabage for the city.
Standing on your on your tw feet shows you honour your independance
and you got your shit together. Fight for this. People do care if you
cannot pay your way. Learn to do so.
3. Be healthy and Hygiene.
I do this trick to get rid of women who are looking for hot body and looks.
I tell them, nah, got no six pack, and got bad teeth. In fact I am the
fucking opposite haha. I screen out so many women you won’t believe
but the one’s I do meet are like “Oh fucking yes.”
Their expectations low and also they don’t give a damn anymore about
such things and now looking for a badass who has personality and every
woman I met like this, is awesome.
They ever knew about ripped abs, strong legs, large back and chest and
big forearms. Thai boxing in weekends, rest is hitting the gym. They just
knew personality when we were communicating.
That’s how I know women I meet are into me and not the status bullshit.
4. Curve your Habits.
One habit can take you so far. Forget about the 100 habits you got to sort
out. Just get good at sorting one habit that’s dominating your life and is
fucking your life up. Be in the Warrior mode always in getting good at
sorting this habit by renewing it with a better one, and stay consistent. It
takes time but when you do get there, don’t let your guard down. That
old habit can come back and you’re back to square one.
5. Don’t ask why it is hard and not easy.
Instead get stronger, better and smarter. So many questions on why
women don’t approach men, why men don’t approach women anymore,
why there’s not much jobs, why this and why that.
The reason why is life is saying to us, “get stronger, get better, get
smarter,” and when you do, imagine the skills you learnt, how
resourceful you have become, how valuable you have now become, the
amazing story and example you leave for everyone else.
This is how courage seen. This is how heroes are made. This is how
greate mothers, fathers, teachers, atheletes, authors are created.
Don’t wish it to be easy but ﬁnd a way by being smarter, get stronger and
get better at what you do.

4.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my ex boyfriend to miss me and contact me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am going to share some myths for you..
1. If the guy misses you, he wants you back.
Just because a guy misses an ex doesn’t mean he wants her back. A guy can miss
an ex but he remembers the mess, the pain, or he ﬁnds it awkward to do so, or it
can be pride, or he doesn’t want to get hurt again so he doesn’t bother.
Missing an ex doesn’t mean we want her back especially when we hear “oh I don’t
want you back, I am just saying sorry for the mess I created.” So if you also said
that, well, he will remember that big time.
2. If you love someone set them free, if they love you, they’ll come back.
I don’t know how many times some guy set their woman free and she never came
back because the guy she met later was so fucking good.
This is the fallacy in which people believe love conquers all.
Love is never enough.
If I love someone and if we are compatible, if there is no drama, if I feel she isn’t
fucking about playing push and pull techique, I would do my damn hardest to see
if we can work it out.
If on other hand if she is the opposite, emotionally draining, ﬁnd she has trust
issues, ﬁnd she can’t communicate in my emotional language, well, we’re done. I
will move on or she will move on.
3. If you stay away, hide, then if he really wants you he will come back
because he values you.
It doesn’t take into consideration the many accounts and one of them is, he could
easily meet someone else who is far more valuable to him too. Yes, you may think
you are wonderful, amazing, smart, caring, love, amazing at sex, got amazing ass,
tits, looks….but so are amazing women out there and it doesn’t take much.
Yes, it is rare ﬁnding someone who gives a lot, who communicates a lot, who
showers you with aﬀection and admiration, but then, if someoe had that kind of
guy, why on earth would they fuck it up?
Because they never really had that and when you haven’t had a bench mark, a
high one, you really don’t appreciate it when it arrives and by the time most
ﬁgure that one out, well, all their apology, or their acting all up superiority, means
nothing.
What it does mean is they now got a hard lesson to learn from and a lesson most
will never forget because it is rare to have such a person in one’s life. Most don’t
realise it so until they have diﬀerent relationships to look back at that person and
who set the bar so fucking high, they wish they can have this person back in their
life.
As guys, we can forget easily and the mature ones and conﬁdent ones know why
that is so.
For the conﬁdent one’s, since we know we attracted you, we know we can attract
someone else. Since we ahd many relationships and sex we know we can get over
the woman we once dated and new.

It’s not that hard for a man of options ad always, most women hate when a man
has options. They hate it so much they have to call him a player but call that guy
all they will, one thing they’d never be able to do.
Control him with sex, beauty, words because he has..options.
If a girl stays away, that’s time for us to look elsewhere and communicate with
someone else. If she hides, we are not going to exert energy to feel awkward in
asking why and we’ll block and move on.
We are not patient creatures, we are selﬁsh and we want what we want.
If she cannot give us what we want, no romance novel, no amazing fairytale story
she reads or watched in movies, no ideal, nothing can stop us to ﬁnd it from
someone else.
So what do you do?
You contact him and share your feelings. You got one shot. Remember that. One
shot. Belittle the guy or act superior and it’s over for real and he’ll be your
nightmare as you pretend to friends and on here, you don’t cry the tears and how
you so over the guy.
All you got now to aim at is this..
1. Do you know what he desires the most?
2. Can you see you can beneﬁt from what he desires too?
3. That you’re both Compatible?
Use that because that is desire, what he so wants and you now speak his language
and show him what he desires, so he knows you got it.
But as for missing you, well, people miss what they experienced, what they can
get not what they can’t.
And guys move on because they couldn’t get but can from someone else.
If it doesn’t work out, you did your best to move on but do avoid thinking that a
guy missing you, an ex missing you is the same he wants you back.
There are too many variables/obstacles guys face and one of them is, facing
rejection, ridicule, devaluing techniques by girls to score points, drama, revenge,
or girl acting superior.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

I caught feelings again for my best friend and he showed and
told me he thought about dating, but he is now talking to
another girl. What’s going on here? I didn’t show I was
interested. Could that be the reason?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
You didn’t show your interest in dating and also let him know you had feelings
for him. He was testing the waters with you the way you was testing him, which
never works.
It’s why I am direct and never act aloof.
Sure, I’d push princess types away with how I do it and those who love the thrill of
the chase but my life is full of excitement to ever want to chase a woman anyway,
so they do me a great favour to be insecure with play hard to get for me to move
on.

Not much in a woman really if she wants excitement which trells me her life is
pretty boring to want to be chased anyway and not much going for her to want to
be validated by a mna in that way.
You missed that moment but you still got a chance if you contact him right now
and say you’re attracted to him after you got to know him better. And how since
he talked about dating, for both of you to date and ﬁnd out if you’re both
compatible.
If nothing happens, great, you still stay as friends.
I’d be quick about it and not wait.
Time waits for no one.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I try extended eye contact with a girl I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It be kind of gross, poking your eye out and handing it with dripping blood on her
hand.
Forget the extending bullshit eye contact, the eye twitching look and just
approach the damn girl, ﬂirt and get on with it.
It makes anyone feel awkward when stared at. I’ve also seen girls do that. It is
creepy as hell. They need to smile and approach the guy.
Same with you with a girl. Approach and make contact verbally.
It’s called conﬁdence.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is your best and most seducing sex fantasy with your
girlfriend? Any suggestions for a sex night that she can't forget
in her whole life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My suggestion is you don’t ﬁll the gap of a woman about sex or sexual fantasies,
and role playing. That’s what helps with intimacy and sexual tension. You’re
missing out big by not talking about it with her and she does same with you.
You ensure you communicate and ﬁnd out from her because within it will be
boundaries, and you want to her to feel…it’s…her…incredible fantasy carried out
and comfortable about it.
If you go oﬀ asking strangers….it’s not her sexual fantasy.
The best sexual seducing fantasy is the one that’s from…her…imagination and it
be turn on for her to talk about as it would for you.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

A guy is really conﬁdent in his work and generally with people
but when he likes a girl he becomes shy, why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Conﬁdence is how you feel about your skills, knowledge, ability in certain
situations and if you haven’t got the skill, knowledge and experience in such
areas, then you’re going to ﬁnd it’s diﬃcult.

For example I skilled on Photoshop and as you can see in one of my screen shots
of my work, I’m pretty damn good at designing website layouts and really
anything…

I am also knowledgeable and skilled at drawing sexy ﬁgure, video production,
animation, producing music and many other areas.
I also have social skills but these social skills for work, talking to people, anyone
really and the photoshop, and other skills cannot help me in attracting and
dating women.
These are not social skills that is about emotionally connecting, arousing,
captures women’s emotions and ﬁring up her imagination to feel alive and
connected romantically and sexually with you.
Contrary to belief… these are not transferrable skills when it comes to social
dyamics and with socialising, connecting, dating, sex relationshp with women.
They are but basic skills and can only take you far and pretty much in a comfort
zone mindset.
I had to learn new specialised knowledge and skills, apply, measure, reﬁne,
remove some steps, until I knew exactly what worked and much of what most say
works were just fallacies.
Even the basic bullshit dating rules will work in some average social settings or
social gathering but not when you want to atttract hot women and also in other
social dynamics.
So I created my own process, thinking..and..I use it for myself. Nothing new by
the way but I understood what is going on, why it worked, how it worked, made it
far easier, structured, step by step for anyne to apply but everyone won’t because
most people come with baggage, and you cannot help people who won’t help
themselves.
I haven’t published it for anyone. I will in future but right now. I am having too
much, fun with life and women, sex and the adventures.
And I still keep reﬁning so process is much quicker…

Then I worked on how to maintain relationship which needed diﬀerent set of
knowledge and specialised skills.
Then I worked on maintaining multiple romantic and sexual relationships to also
investing lots of knowledge and experimenting with sex, kinks and bondage.
From there, I shared it with other people to ﬁnd out if it can work for anyone,
whether the person is not in a job, whether average looking, girl/guy and found it
works when they stop over thinking and get it done.
It was back and forth, learning, evaluating, pushing the boundaries further and I
have achieve far more than I ever thought possible.

So a guy will be conﬁdent in a job but doesn’t mean anything when it comes to
dating and don’t fall for the “social skills,” as the problem.
The social skills most talk about is norms stuﬀ and really makes it even harder
when it comes to these things.
There is another kind of social skills you need to learn but before that…you really
need to get this ﬁrst thing down…
Your Self Image.
The biggest obstacle for every man and women who ask/hire for my expertise is
their own self image.
Their self talk goes against what they want to achieve and they self sabotage their
success. They get the knowledge and still they don’t do the work and instead,
over think, talk in a way to self sabotage and it is why I ensure now people pay for
my time so it hurts.
They either do it or waste their money.
A woman can look conﬁdent by appearance.
You see her walking, head high, wearing hot clothes, looking all great but in
attracting men she’s not that great.
In fact, she ﬁnds it very frustrating and hasn’t much success, if any. She’s got a
degree. She works in a job. She says all her friends say she’s pretty.
So what?

She ﬁnds it diﬃcult to even make a move and is unapproachable. She also
followed some made up dating rules which makes it even harder but that is all
she got and she doesn’t know any better.
Her self image is tiny.
She is socially awkward in this area and she will act covert about it and lose many
opportunities to connect. Most men see her and it’s not that she’s intimidating
but got a bitch face, doing subtle hints, head is on phone all time,
unapproachable and doesn’t engage a man to approach.
She will stay put, being the woman who waits for a guy to approach her and
most women know where that result leads to.
A man can look like he has conﬁdence because of his work in a job but when it
comes to women to even the basic approaching, conversation, socialising or even
dating…his self image is tiny…

Behaviour always follows self image.
If the self image in that area is tiny then your whole body, nervous system, the
engine, the machine that propels you forward will be hesitant. You’ll over think
rather than take action.
Your belief in yourself is small.
Any negative experience in women becomes a dominant factor in your life and
rules your life for years to come.
Much of the behaviour will be about impressing women, supplicating to women
and getting validation from women.
But when your self image is high in this particular area….

Your mind will believe you are capable of going for it as it has tons of information
and successful experiences revealing you got it covered. You’ll not take rejection
personally.
So the man is ill prepared in this area.
Being good at a job doesn’t mean he will feel comfortable with women especially
in approaching, conversing, socialising and dating.
Even the basics of interacting with a woman can be daunting for men of low self
image.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if you fall in love with a prostitute?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let’s imagine then I’m not a fucking idoit and I don’t go oﬀ falling in love just
like that. I am a guy who got his shit together and head screwed right.
1. I meet a woman
2. She tells me she’s a sex worker
3. I also know she takes care of being tested and I learn a lot and I was right
about lot of the myths surrounding sex workers.
4. I am not in love at that stage. I probably attracted by physical hot body,
her sexual positive attitude, sexual experience, intellect and most of
all….she ﬂirts like I do and damn good at it. She speaks..my emotional
language which is very important for me.
5. Let’s say I like her personality too and I ﬁnd she has a passion for other
things too and I get to see more about her. I go out and she can recite Van
Gough paintings or she loves music, or she loves this and that and I’m
like..
“Dayuuuuuum Girl! You is smart and sexy, hot all in one.”
6. And I ﬁnd we are very compatible.
7. And I ﬁnd, our kinks are aligned
8. I ﬁnd when she communicates to me, phone, text or face to face, she
knows how to turn me on, hardcore, not holding back. She knows she
can with me and I like that a lot. It’s as I said my emotional language and
it is big deal for me.
9. We date and have sex and sex is amazing, and we click and there isn’t
any dating rules and we make our own up. It’s fun. It’s exciting. It’s also
mature and there’s empathy, compassionate and kindness ﬂowing both
ways.
10. I feel safe with her. I feel strong with her. I feel I can be sexual anytime
with her and she loves it too. I can be free, wild, go and come back, even
date and have sex with other people and she doesn’t care. She’s into me.
We’re compatible. We got boundaries sorted and it’s getting better
everytime we meet.
11. Now let’s say I do fall in love with her…
12. I don’t want her to change. I am not going to try and do any ﬁxing her but
embrace her and all she is, and I expect she does same with me. To not
ﬁx and change me.
We are equal.
So if I fall in love with her, I fall in love wth ALL of her and the world and anyone
else does not matter.
I will have made a raionale decision and there be some emotions but I am make a
solid decision knowing what I know.
What matters to me is..
1. If we are compatible
2. How she treats me
Not what other people, friends, relatives thinks. For many people that is
important to them but to me, it is not. Yes, it can be diﬃcult for other people but

for me, that’s not something I care about.
If both these are good, we’re rocking.
If both these are not, we go our seperate ways.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys treat a woman like they're in a "relationship," but
never call her his girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight…
You want the ‘relationship label’ and yet you don’t treat it as a relationship?
What do people in a relationship do?
They communicate their needs to each other.
They don’t ask strangers but talk to the guy about it. That’s what mature people
in relationship do. They talk to each other.
So before wanting this label, maybe ﬁrst get a understanding that in relationship
you communicate your needs than being covert about it and asking strangers
who know fuck all about the guy.
He cannot read your mind. The way you cannot read his.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys ﬁnd hot?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want an a princess motivational type of answer that probably get over 10,000
votes or can you stomache the real deal that won’t get that much votes?
Ok then, the real deal it is.
Let’s start with physical…
1. Ass. Tight, shaped ass.

And this is what we call hot..

And with Jeans..

2. Breasts, cleavage.
There’s a reason why she’s doing the moves below because she knows, for many
guys breasts, and cleavage is hot.

It’s why they do a lot of that on Tinder. It works ;)

3. Smooth legs…

4. Small waist and curves..

5. A pretty face

Sexual Appeal
The look, the style and the conﬁdence where a woman doesn’t give a shit about
what others say, and if she sees a guy, she’s going to approach, ﬂirt, seduce, and
show she’s his equal, get his number and not be desperate to try to already frame
in her mind a relationship…

Gone are the days when you think hot is just walking about strutting your ass and
breast, and twiddling your hair to think that is going to a guy approaching.
Those days are coming to an end and don’t blame the guys for it.
Guys can’t be assed approaching bitch faced, unapproachable and also any who
cannot make the eﬀort. Do that shit if you like but don’t start complaining why
guys are not approaching…

Guy’s talk….
Yes, we do and we will say who is unapproachable, who was bad experience to
chat to, who is a drama queen, who is the desperate relationship ﬁnder, who is
the jealousy and posessive, who as Narcissist traites and who to completely avoid.
That is not just oﬄine but online too.
Online many of us guys are hooked up to each other, sharing who to stay away
from, who we feel is going to bring emotional pain, who is an attention seeker,
who is a backstabber, who talks about friends behind their back, who leads guys
on, who talks about ex’s and crushes.
If our experience with you isn’t good, be ready, someone else or a gang of guys
already now know to stay away.
Your pool of guys will dry up…

Tinder is in.
Social media is in.
Other dating apps and tools are in.

Waiting for a guy to message is not in, acting all nice and not saying you’re into a
guy and mutually attracted isn’t in.
You are one girl and we got about 30 messages from other girls.
What? You thought only your inbox gets full?
The diﬀerence is, most of us follow through while most girls don’t because most
women seek nothing but attention. They want the princess feeling which also
means wanting guys to act aloof.
Smiling, being approachable, friendly and avoiding push and pull games
and the pathetic aloof tactic….is in.
You’d be lucky if a guy even says hello these days and gives attention with
approaching because they had enough of the bullshit, games, play hard, sarcastic
replies, negative behaviour, talk about ex, crushes, girls who likes to be princess
and wants the thrill of the chase..
AND fears of harrassment charges.
So sexual appeal is also about conﬁdence.
It’s about being comfortable in your body, it’s about owning your sexuality,
knowing how to seduce, being approachable and showing a guy you’re mutually
attracted to him.
No more hints, signals, ambigouity and covert style.
It’s going for what you want without waiting to as permission from society. You
smile, you ﬂirt, you show you go status and conﬁdent. You show through your
behaviour…you got high self esteem.
Modern sexy look

The arty nature type of look.

The “I party at night” and hate mornings look and I love this look especially
with revealing shoulders.

The Rebel look

The sexy seductress cute look

I’m all grown up sexy look

The Bad Ass sexual conﬁdent, “I am into Bad Boys so fuck oﬀ nice guys” look.
The type of girls I am very attracted to because I know she loves adventure, can’t
be assed with the games and wants a dominant bad boy who got skills…

PS…
This here, the shy look, awkward look…

Is…not hot.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you tell a guy he brags too much, talks to much to and
about women, and worry to much about saving the world that
he will never be able to do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about you don’t and leave him alone.
No one wants to hear someone telling him what they can’t do, what they aren’t
achieving. You should have learnt that at school, that no one gives a shit.
I remember a guy tried that on with one of my mates, and we just told that justice
warrior to go and fuck himself and leave, and keep his opinions to himself.
Go and make new friends if it bothers you.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get a guy to realize that being a womanizer is bad
and keeping it in the family is bad?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t.
You leave the guy alone. You don’t go oﬀ trying to ﬁx someone. If someone isn’t
compatible with how you live, don’t go oﬀ trying to shove your morality because
you want to control them to get what you want.
Best to move on.
Find someone compatible instead of trying to ﬁx and change someone who loves
their way of life. The guy doesn’t see it bad and nor do I. It’s the person’s choice
and no one’s business.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is the statement "A woman in a room full of men is terriﬁed"
accurate?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not if it was my mum.
I remember 10 men was in a room and my mum walked in and she said…
“You know he’s my son. You know what he’s capable of. I am 100 times worse. I am
after all his mother. Now eat the cookies and keep it down. I got children sleeping
upstairs.”
Then she turned to look at each man in the eye from where she stood and then
walked out. It was so quiet, you could hear a pin drop.
One of the guys said..
“If there was one woman who looked so sweet, like she couldn’t hurt anyone and yet
terriﬁed me, it was your mum.”
He was 6ft 2, build like a ox and she intimidated him.
So it depends on the woman.
My mum, tough woman. She had to to bring up 3 boys and 4 daughters on her
own most of her life.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy keep sending you pictures of himself when
you didn't ask him and you already know what he looks like (he
also told you he likes you)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He likes you
2. He wants to be admired by you
3. He wants some aﬀection
4. He wants to feel wanted
5. He wants to feel desired
6. Your compliments boosts is conﬁdence
7. It gives him certainty you are attracted to him
8. He’s excited and wants to hear more from you
9. Did I say he likes you
10. In other words..he wants to hear certainty…he wants to hear from you,
that you feel the same. That you’re attracted to him.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Irene Mes

What can I do to see women as people? I feel like I assess every
women I see if she is attractive or not? (hint hormones) I feel
like I put them on a pedestal.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would avoid dancing to the pipers tune. There’s nothing wrong with being
attracted to someone physically attractive or seeing it in people.
Don’t be naive, ﬁrst impression matters.
What is really going on is not even that.
It’s a Buﬀer.

You know how you want to do something, but you hesitate and say things like
that to raionalise your…fear…of…rejection.
So avoid dancing to the pipers tune, your unconscious and everyone elses, who
like to sound smart using buzz words “sexiests.”
Everyone here does look for appearances, looks, it is the prime function of the
brain to detect threat.
Even as babies, we detect friendly face, we detect that which gives us comfort and
attractiveness, does that too, in many ways.
You’re threat is not out there or what you’re talking about.
Yours is fear of rejection.
You need concrete ansers not labels and so you can move forward with an
understanding why it happens.
It’s a internal thing, a battle inside of you due to the feeling the social pressure
but your ego will say it’s something entirely diﬀerent by taking what you heard in
society, then deal it on yourself and start feeling guilty.
This is why self awareness if very important.
If you don’t know yourself, you will ﬁll your head with everyone’s opinions ad ot
have room for your own opinion.
Fear.
It’s very clever.
Your ego will try to trick you and beef you up, saying it’s because your looking at
the looks and can’t decide who to approach.
It’s your unconscious tricking you = the pipers tune.
It gets you to think it’s one thing but really it’s something deeper, like fear of not
being validated, approved by women.
It a Buﬀer.
When you realise this is what is going on, then you’ll read more on it. learn more
and propel forward.
I know. I was there 25 years ago.
It has nothing to do with being sexiest.
It’s to do with your unconscious, has read your nervous, so now it hits your whole
body, and it all was triggered by your self image which probably be tiny.
Instead of admitting this to yourself, that you fear rejection, which your mind
won’t let you do so easily.
Why? Because of our ego.
Ego will say….
“Yeah, it’s cause too many hot women, who to choose from, who to talk to, who is
more attractive”
But behind that internal dialogue is..
“I fear rejection. What if I don’t get approved? What if I don’t get accepted? What
if she says no, or she doesn’t want to talk and people around her hears that and I
get embrassed.”

It’s your ego.
It’s fear based.
Remove the script and just go and talk and don’t worry about you see this woman
attractive and this woman not. It’s natural.
Just don’t let it stop you go out and say hello and talk.
10 Views · View Upvoters

How do I ﬁnd a man who loves me for my mind and not the way
I look?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction ﬁrst.
Absolute value comes later.
Something most women/men have hard time wrapping their heads round.
It’s like saying, ‘how I ﬁnd a woman who isn’t desperate for a relationship and this
happy ever after story and stop fucking making sex a big deal, and just get to know
me.’
You get to know someone instead of trying to ﬁnd Prince Charming who says..
‘OOoh baby, the moment I saw you, I loved you for your mind..’
You won’t be surprised how many women fall for that.
It’s mind boggling.
It all comes down to sex. Doesn’t it?
Every concern for most women is that. How they can control the sex selection.
Always going against the psychology and biology of man. Always thinking all
they got to oﬀer…is…their body.
Of course the survival language you hear is…
“Because when men have sex they walk away and you can’t just have sex and GIVE
it to any man..”
Who said sex keeps a man anyway?
All these manuvres and games, then we got pathetic white knight men, who think
they are doing women a favour but everytime they answer a question, they got to
down about PUA and making women look thick…
“Oh you see women hear these words and fall for it and then have sex, and were
tricked to having sex”
Yes, they got voodoo magic and it has nothign to do with psychology and biology.
It’s just women are thick, is what these white knights say. She falls for words and
opens her legs just like that.
Like they deny most women play games to frame every meeting with a date for
relationship. Denying by the way, women have a biology that gets them to behave
in a certain way and..
“Oooh how come I attract Jerks all the time.”
Men even in largest corporation called Google got ﬁred for writing a document
regarding the diﬀerence in biology between men and women. The anonymous
privacy Google said it respects went back on their word while women in that

company spread that document and white knight men, and mainstram media
went on frenzy.
This guy is smart because he wanted to show the double standards exists even in
large corproations and he proved that. They mentioned his name on Twtter.
That smart man…got ﬁred.
Human resources - a woman.
No one cared until the noise kicked oﬀ but when it wasn’t in mainstream, no one
cared but now Google had to act all covert too.
We say we want smart men and smart women, but what we are really saying, we
want it if serves our agenda on controlling something.
If you want a man who goes for your mind, you then be ready for him to
challenge you the way I do. That he has an opinion, he’s not scared to speak up
about what he wants and you canno go and say..
“Sexiest.”
He’ll want facts, logic, science, and if you all is emotional bias and not science,
well no use looking for a smart man.
Smart man challenge, smart men question, smart men do not supplicate to
women or men, and smart men are smart enough to appreciate there is
psychology and biology in the mix of the decisions women and men make.
For example, see what women say say when you ask the question in “feeling.”
“What do you feel when you see you’re so attracted to?”
Tingle
Heart racing and pounding
Legs quiver
Sweating inside
OMG! I wanted to have his babies
You won’t hear words like “smart” and “intelligence.”
You won’t hear the world personality.
You won’’t hear anything about a man’s mind but about feelings, and a lot of
objectifying and then play the double standards on men when they say the same
about hot women.
And they are going to ask about men…
How do I know he sees my mind and not my body.?
Women been doing that way back in kings and emperors time and they had to, as
they had no chance to be aggressive in a aggressive world to get ownership of
property or even the basics of having a word on how the house is run, or shares of
business, or just to have their say.
When man died, they got nothing. No inheritance. Not a dime.
They had go through shit, hardcore pain, rape, and all kinds of atrocities and
still….no one helped them to have rights.
They had to ﬁght for it, play covert for a while, seduce kings, seduce, emperors,
seduce rich men, playing the game and using sex to lure men, dangle it and give

man a taste then take it away, hence they played hard to get which got these men
to panic, to chase because they now didn’t chase sex but the image of a godess.
They knew the secret..
Make man desire to possess the godess.
They had to act covert and they knew from past experiences, if they have sex
before seducing man, his imagination, they’d get nothing. He can easily go and
fuck someone else.
They never talked about committment.
They never made a big deal about sex.
They were smart in luring man from the Masculine world and showed him how
fucking smart they are, with sexy seductions, that he forgot the Masculine world
to such he got a taste.
Moment he did, she pulled back and so the chase begain.
He had to give something ﬁrst. Maybe a deed to a house. Maybe some power.
Maybe a share of political power. Maybe partnership of a business. Maybe…the
throne.
They knew what makes man tick and they embraced what makes them tick and
they needed to, they woke up from the bullshit and realised how it is in this
world. They had to ﬁnd away and they did.
It’s called seduction. It’s all covert.
They could educate other women how to seduce kings, powerful men, knights to
access resources and even get a share of the power.
The thing is, times have changed.
But you see, biology and psychology always there, inﬂuencing people how they
behave at a unconscious and conscious level.
Technology can change, motivational speeches and slogans can be hyped up but
biology stays same.
Survival language is still there, acting covert.
“How come guys don’t approach me.”
Is really…
“How come hot good looking guys or guys I am physically attracted to do not
approach me instead of guys I am not attracted to..”
But back to the question….
If someone got a smart mind, they’d also look after their body, eat right, eat
healthy, value their life and you can see it on them.
If a woman wants a man of smartness, then she be smart and know where to look.
She will know how the world works.
She’d be a woman of smartness, achieving and win noble awards, or whatever and
you’ll attract these kind of men.
Go and walk into a large company of coders or web designers, or artists, or guys
who read a lot. Go to some science lab.
Or does a nerdy look doesn’t appeal to you?
See here on Quroa?

Millions of smart men.
I don’t see wome in stampede connecting these men.
Most of them will down any fucking PHD on many subjects.
There they are, pounding the keyboards, sharing knowledge, gutys to say what
they believe and knowing full well they’ll be attacked from all sides but they still
write.
I don’t see women in here connecting and dating them in the millions. There’s
tons of men like this on here but what is happening is most see these men as
utility.
You’d ask questions to these guys to get knowlede but date, not a chance. You
probably send..
“Oooh what a nice answer, you’re so SMART.”
But dating, hell no.
Like school. Like college,. Like university and where girls go to the man of status
who knows shit but he knows how the world works and gets what he wants. He
knows what is really going.
Smart?
You’d look smart anyway and you’d go to places where smart men are, and where
smart man looks for the mind but even if you do, your biology, and psychology
will still be pre-judging man if he wants you for body or mind.
You cannot help that.
You come with experiences of the past and your brain is always jumping to
survive, and nothing much is authentic for a while.
It’s..
“OOoh does he want me for my body or my personality?”
It’s everywhere and every women even if they don’t say it…think it.
So trying to control nature of man when you cannot control yours is like watching
Twlight movie on a bad day, replayed again again, everyday, week, month and
years.
Sure, some have health problems but even then, you can hear them talk about
how they value health, life, and so on, and see it in how they present themselves
in clothes wise, in valuing time, in having passion and they go to places that
people are similar in values.
But even then, their mind and body, will behave in an unconscious manner, of
always pre-judging, always looking for danger, always looking at perceived value
and bullshit everyone else that they are so diﬀerent, special and do not look at a
man’s appearances.
Even the sister will lie to her brothers on how it is. How can she even say the truth
of how it is when she knows, she got to be covert or be judged, seen diﬀerently
and maybe ostracised by her social peers.
It’s called survival.
It’s called perceived value.
Most women talk about “how does man see my mind.”
In your behaviour and in how your body is.

Do you have the smartness to look after that body of yours or are you low in self
esteem, self image to fuck it up?
Do you have sexual conﬁdence that you nurture your body and comfortable in
your own skin?
Do you even if you’re fat walk with conﬁdence and air about you that you know
you are beautiful inside and out?
Do you walk with conﬁdence that you got more to oﬀer than sex and body, to ever
say that question and ever utter those words to man?
When women say that then we see it as…
“I got nothing to oﬀer, but body and sex.”
Do you have the courage to be direct or still back and forth playing the acient
rules of courting?
One can see smartness visually in behaviour and also in the person’s self talk.
Men, the smart ones, conﬁdent ones, seek patterns and we listen to patterns and
scripts and we see who you really are.
In a short time we will know if you think, all you got to oﬀer is body and sex
because you’ll make it…an…issue, whether outspoken way or in covert way.
Perceived value ﬁrst.
Absolute value comes later.
That’’s another thing most people just don’t get their heads wrapped around in
that status, perceived value is important because that is the social dynamics of
the real world which by the way most deny to make themselves feel better or to
supplicate to social peers to get lots of votes.
You may have amazing degree but if you walk into a company dressed like shit,
and you look unhealthy, that will play against you.
That is the social dynamics of the world we live in.
Then people deny that looks doesn’t matter.
Ok then. Go and date a man with rotten teeth who is smart. Guaranteed women
will be Ummming and arrghing about that.
Best to not look to ﬁnd someone but get to know the person, without prejudging,
expectations of relationship, wedding bells and show your smartness visually.
We call it subcommunication.
Smart people achieve great things in this world. They don’t even have to talk and
you can feel the vibe of conﬁdence to know..
“I am more than my body. Man shall be attracted to me because my body is part of
me, and it is the nervous system connected to my mind. If my mind is shit…my body
will look shit. If my self image is shit, which is also about the mind and what’s in it,
my conﬁdence is low, and I am not socialising as much, but isolating myself. I think
life is about getting a man than getting a life..”
Smart people can identify smart people.
They know they don’t deny the rationale, the logic and how the world and people
really work. They desire a woman who is not into the fairytale or their children
will get messed up.

They take a lot of action and have high hopes about themselves and know, they
don’t look and ﬁnd someone.
They create a lifestyle and value that attracts people they desire.
Yes, there is always a risk and that’s the beauty of humanity.
You cannot control the outcome and all you can do is have boundaries, and if
person respects them, great. If not, move on and keep going knowing other men
and that is all one can do.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Aswini Sridhar

Have you dated someone you found physically unattractive?
What was it like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because here’s the thing..
I don’t look at a girl I am attracted to and want to date and think..
“Oh she’s unattractive.”
I just see a woman and I am attracted, and I don’t know why I am. It can be her
ass. It can be her tits. It can be her legs. It can be her hair.
It can also mean she was doing something, helping someone out while dressed in
some hot clothes and I saw kindness in how she helped someone.
That can get my attention.
Maybe she is wearing a choker.
Maybe she was wearing something that got my attention.
Maybe she has luscious red lips or amazing eyes.
Maybe she has that smile.
Maybe I saw her treating her mum with compassion.
Maybe I saw her walk up to a girl who felt alone and talked to her and she got her
to feel better about herself. Oh, by the way this one is fucking for me
That’s attraction - to get your attention for you to engage and approach and
attraction is also…behaviour, not just looks.
So I can be looking for behaviour and when I see behaviour, well, sometimes, I
don’t even see looks, and I am awed by the behaviour.
But I don’t see someoone I desire and think..
“OOh she’s not physically attractive and I want to date her.”
Doesn’t work that way for me.
Then I got to ﬁnd out if I like her personality, if she’s not a drama queen, if she’s
not a pain in ass with princess games, if she is not boring the shit out of me, if she
is emotionally cold or can show vulnerability, if she is sex positive mindset or if
she’s not, if she’s following the old acient dating rules, if I can emotionally
connect and she can with me.
The ﬁrst gets attention, second keeps my attention but third which is absolute
value, like personality, like her values, like compatibility, and other things like
passion, her goals, dreams keeps me in the relationship.

The problem I sometimes have is I’d be physically attracted, like my heart will be
racing, I feel something, but I ﬁnd we lack compatibility, she isn’t sex positive, I
don’t like the personality, most woman can be gamey, want the thrill of the chase,
doing the push and pull techniques and I get turned oﬀ instantly to move on.
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dean Williams

What is real love?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When she can see beyond me and status and sees me, as I don’t show that side to
nobody except very close, the ones I love.
When storms come, whether ﬁnancial or struggle of some kind that’s economical,
and she don’t give a shit and stands by me and I with her.
When she has come to that place of being evolved in which she does’t see me as a
product to possess, and there’s no possessivenes or jealousy because she has
grown to know whatever happens her life does not centre around man, and
conﬁdent to know no man completes her.
When she embraces I am a Gemeni Man and I am of air, wind, and cannot be
contained and controlled and says, “go, here condomns, fuck whoever, I know you’ll
be back,..”
When she knows no matter what, she trusts me and can count on me and I can
count on her.
When I know her inner deepest secrets and fantasies and she knows mine, and we
put middle ﬁnger at the world and explore them together
When we know, just know, we’ll be together for the rest of out lives and yes, we do
know that with lovers I am with we will. 18 years now been together and it’s not
hard, it’ actually fucking easy. It’s awesome. People make love hard with their
games and emotional coldness.
When we can look into each others eyes and know what we want and think, like
we are insync together
When we compete to make each other happy
When we plan together and look to the future and follow through.
When we can cook, clean, and do all theses and it doesn’t feel like a chore, or
some petty “whose turn it is,” because we want to make each other happy
When she walks into the room and I still think she’s a godess
When she can say at 3am in morning, “I don’t know why, I so need chocolate,” and I
get up and drive one hour and get them or walk down the street for 20 mins to
ﬁnd a shop to get some
When we don’t need to think or ask ourselves, “does he/she love me.’ because the
giving is there and the evidence is clear as day
When we don’t need to think, ‘what is real love?’ because the question is answered
everyday when you see each other.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I so afraid to fall in love?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….

1. Love takes you to be vulnerable
People who say they can’t fall in love…are afraid to show vulnerability. To love
means you are now stepping into a new experience, a new territory, with
someone new and with it comes all those existing and new fears.
The fears about the unknown.
People are uncomfortable with the unknown.
We all are.
We are always growing if we move forward, if we don’t step back into the shade.
The moment one takes risks, the moment one stretches their mind, it never really
goes back to the same place. We grow, we maybe dissappointed in what we learn
but we also grow, we also get wisers, smarter, have more insight and for most have
more empathy.
But one thing is for certain…
It is best to avoid waiting for people to change.
2. It challenges you to care for someone else than yourself
You cannot change long habits of a person and a thinking that allows a person to
be self focused and self contained to think that love doesn’t come with growth,
new experiences, in giving themselves a chance and an opportunity for someone
else to grow with them and love them.
Instead of…
“The more you care about someone, the more you will get hurt in the end.”
That’s what you will hear. Not in excact words but close enough and when I do
hear these words, I am not going to be waiting around.
They’ll always be closed up, holding back and emotionally cold. It’s not
something someone want to really be part of and involved in. It’s going to be hard
to love such a person and emotionally draining.
3. New Love brings up new hurtful past relationship memories
We don’t realise that within our mind are movies which is the Psychological
script we reinforce with our behaviour.
Most are unaware on how their past history of relationship or even hearing others
can eﬀect them in their decision making, and in being aware that their past hurt
in previous relationships to even way back when their where a child can have a
very powerful inﬂuence on how they perceive other people, how they see men or
women and how they see dating.
The old scripts play like DVD movies and you’re unaware of the fear of embracing
the new, without the expectations that has hurt you, and to live in the moment,
the now, experiencing each day as it comes with the person.
Much of it propels you away from ever being intimate with someone and instead,
it only becomes a game to seek acceptance, approval, validation, the feelings, the
emotions but really not real love.
Real love needs vulnerability, openess and trust.
4. Challenges the old story and identity
The reason I am always propelled forward to never close the door to falling in love
is because it challenges my identity. It challenges you to grow, to learn more
about yourself than you ever could when you fear being vulnerable.

It opens up about you at a deeper level and emotionally to when you cannot if
you’re not taking the risks. It brings new insight, knowledge, self awareness and
most of all, a realisation of other values you haven’t yet seen in yourself.
It challenges your identity, it asks you to move forward, grow, because the self is
not static, linear but up and down, going through challenges, and developing
one’s own character and a wider more stronger new identiy and story.
But if you fear the unknown, uncertainty and believe in “the one,” well,
appreciate you got to through many “one’s” to be with someone compatible and
also loving the way you can be with them.
I personally, have no time for people who fear growing because that’s what love
also needs. To take chances, risks, to move forward and walk to the other side of
the unknown, again and again, and again until we get it right.
And if we don’t…let’s say, it’s not that we will regret not falling in love.
Rather we miss out in the ﬁnal mystery of love….
Loving yourself.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

If you had a breakup because you didn't get sex, is that right or
wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason to breakup can be anything. Sex, not in love anymore, had enough,
found someone else, whatever.
It’s what you want because…..she decided what she wants.
She didn’t give a shit about what you want.
Now you give shit what you want and ﬁnd someone compatible with you and
ensure that is so from day one.
That is wy I always make sure compatibility ﬁrst, sex positive, isn’t projecting
past experience and we get our kinks aligned…compatibility in this area and
others is a must or you’ll ﬁnd it one sided.
It aﬀects your psychological and biology.
You want to take someone else’s psychological and biolgical decision, go ahead
but it’s your mind and it’s your body you fuck up.
She decided what she wants,
How come you are feeling guilty for deciding what you want?
Don’t feel guilty or ashamed.
If you feel unhappy, frustrated, had enough, talk and if the person doesn’t eget it,
move on and this time, make sure, you seek compatibility the most.
She made that clear about herself.
She made her decision.
Now you make your decision for you and forget right or wrong. She didn’t give a
fuck about right or wrong. She gave a damn about herself.
You see, how love isn’t enough.
It never is.

You found out the reality on how love is never enough.
Welcome to stepping out of the bubble.
Now…put yoursef ﬁrst and ensure compatibiity is there and never let anyone
make you feel guilty about your sexuality, your desires, needs and wants.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Over the weekend I had sex with someone and in that same
weekend one of her relatives passed away. Two days later I get a
text that says, “I’ve been thinking. I don’t think we should talk
for awhile”. What could be going through her mind?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Give her time.
She said “for awhile,” she didn’t say “anymore.”
Just text back, “Ok. I’m here if you ever want to talk.”
That way if it was sex where she felt she might be judged, you showed you’re still
interested in her. If it’s about her grieving, you showed empathy, to give her time
if it’s about her grieving.
You never know what is going on.
Just give her space.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What is your favorite ice breaker to get a conversation started?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well,I’m british, arab and I like having fun so…
Me - Hey, how you doing. Listen I was curious.
Me -I’m new here, so are you the friendly or shy type of person?
Her - Oh I’m the friendly type (they ALL say that haha)
Me - Then we’ll get along just great. I’m Adam and you are?
And there we go.
Other times…
Me - Hey, just saw you across bar and just wanted to ask
Me - Are you sociable type or the leave me the fuck alone type?
Her - Oooh I am sociable type for sure.
Me - Great
Get out my pad, draw naughts and crosses and…
Me - Let’s see who wins out of 3 and whoever loses, buys the drinks ;)
Her - (smiles or giggles and takes pen) you’re so buying :)
Me - Yeah right. We’ll see..
9.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do Saudi guys feel bad sometimes for the way their sisters are
treated compared to them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not Saudi but I am Arab and have sisters.

Yes, I would feel bad for them but I didn’t stop there. I would take them all out,
got four sisters and even got them to get clothes they really want to wear, and
took them to a diﬀerent city with….even…their friends.
Then I said..
“Ok, now go and have fun. You got 6 hours to do whatever. You got my bleeper.”
‘I did that once a week sometimes twice, whatever time allowed me to do so.’
I didn’t have a mobile phone back then but I did have one of those bleepers so
they can send a message, I call back using phone I see in streets and meet them to
take them home.
Also, when mum and dad had to go away to meet relatives or weddings which
takes days, I would then let them do whatever at home. Invite friends, and I’ll
have stuﬀ like food, snacks in kitchen and I’d chill in garden or living room. It was
very noisy, screams, laughter, banging, dancing and so forth.
So yes, I knew how hard it was for my sisters but as eldest of them and brothers, I
tried my best to make it easier and not shut them from world. See how I could
take them out and have fun with friends, dating and so on.
I wanted them to grow and see all cultures, beliefs, and for them to make their
own decisions on what they believe and how they want to live their lives. That
meant I had to stand up to parents and anyone, when it came to marriage or
anything such as relationships, as I wanted my sisters to decide for themselves,
not anyone else, not parents, community or anyone.
Not even me but for them to decide.
12.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I move on if a breakup happened due to my mistake or
it’s a complete misunderstanding, and the partner is hurt so
much that he doesn't even want to talk?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re ex is going to be angry. Believe me, I know, when other lover fucks up and
realises too late. The person is grieving, hurt, gave and didn’t get much maybe or
whatever the mistakes was.
To you it’s a misunderstanding but to that person it is still pain, still hurt,
frustrations, emotionaly draining, dissappointments and emotions ﬂying high,
and they probably blame themselves too for starting the relationship as they got
hurt which brings up past memories of past painful events in their life.
And love is not enough.
You can love someone but if you feel they hurt you, and if you feel they do not
speak your emotional language, if they do not see what you want is important,
love won’t be enough.
I love my ex’s, a lot but when I was with them, or we connected, I gave all and
when you do that, and it still feels empty, you feel all that shit inside, you don’t
ever want to feel it again. They may think it’s about them but they don’t realise
it’s not. It’s the person doesn’t want to feel that anymore and to try again and it
happens again, when they can move on to try with someone else in future with
tightened boundaries.
What you can do now is..
1. Let the person grieve

2. They are going to be angry so wait for a while
Later…
3. If you send an apology, avoid explaining like you’re pointing some things
about the misunderstanding. That is seen as justifying. That’s not taking
accountability for one’s mistake. It’s justifying, like it’s pointing out and
feels like person trying to score points.
4. Instead, apologise saying you know you hurt the person, you know you
should have done xyz, and you are so sorry and want to ﬁx the mess,
because you value the person, you value them as a lover, you value what
they gave and you want to ﬁx the mess to move forward together.
That’s an apology because an apologys is comes with showing you valued the
person and anything else is but justifying to feel better about oneself or feel
superior that you apologised.
The fourth step you showing the other person you really do have empathy,
you really do value the person, you really love this person.
If they are on facebook, or here, or anywhere, don’t just add or request to be
added.
Use opportunity to send that message for them to read your words or they’ll block
or not accept because the person will assume and think you’re gong to use
opportunity to devalue them and act superior.
Same with email, get to the point, and know how to apologise and show you want
to ﬁx and still be together.
You only got one shot.
Be prepared, take time, reﬂect.
For now get busy doing your things, live, make new friends, pour time into your
interest and get busy with your life.
Let the person grieve.
It’s not easy for them or you.
I understand but this is a time when emotions are going crazy, nothing one says
makes sense, and it’s just pain.
Let the storm settle and then try to reach out but bear in mind on what I said. I
hope things work out for you as it is hard, heart breaking and not easy for both of
you.
3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I become the guy that everyone notices in the room?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I do understand but I have a way better option for you and so much so, it will
change your life.
What I did is I didn’t become the guy that get noticed in the room. I didn’t
become this guy who thinks
“Here I am people! The rock star!”
Instead I walk in the room so everyone notices other people.
I am the “so there you are, let me introduce you to some people who would love to
connect with you..”

Be the man who turns the lights on people and I don’t mean make them feel
uncomfortable but let them know you noticed them.
And if they are into people, get them to introduced to other people.
Sure, dress the part. Look dazzling as there is perceived value, associate with
others who are leaders but make it about the people who are there.
Even the guy or woman who is sitting alone, have a hard time mingling. Be that
person to make their day.
By the way, it’s how I make ton of friends, get lots of contract jobs, clients and lots
of romance and sex ;)
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

I met up with my online guy friend for the ﬁrst time and we
hang out, how would I know if it's a date?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you’re all grown up and mature, you talk about it before you meet and that
way you know where you stand and where he stands. If you act all covert like
most do then you have expectations which you may ﬁnd are not in the cards.
It’s why I avoid being ambiguous from the get go.
I don’t act all covert, dishonest, hiding until we meet. I make sure my intent is
known way in the begining and mutual attraction is both ways.
Yes, I do have some women fade away because they want to act princess, aloof,
feel special but I have no time for the bullshit games.
You need to speak up way before you even meet and that way you both know
what is going on or ﬁnd yourself in an awkward moment, wondering..
“Is this a date or hanging out as friends?”
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the worst advice you've ever been given?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers

Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be yourself.
I have had many friends saying that about dating and not one of them is dating
anyone and struggling like crazy.
So while they were “being themselves,” ready for the big party which happens
once every year I went and hit the gym, 4–5 times a week. I also do thia boxing on
saturdays and sundays, personal coach in park.
The self I was a year ago is not the self I became later. So is the case every week,
every month, every year in which you realise, there is no “be yourself,” because…
which…self…do you be?
Last year? This year? Last week? The guy you was 5 years ago.
I’m sure all of you have changed from the person you was 10 years ago. You
gained experiences, you got hurt, you found love, you lost love, you got a job, you
lost a job, someone died, someone left, someone found and on and on it goes and
all of it changes you.
So which…self?
I am not the guy I was when I was a teen.

I am diﬀerent.
Which self do you assume to be?
That is the paradox of being yourself.
The day came…
The guys were at this big party, standing near edge, watching, as they were “being
themselves.”
I walked in, with clothes I also invested in and walked out 30 minutes later with a
hot woman, they were all gunning for but they were so busy…
Being themselves.
It’s one of the excuses many use to sit on their ass in comfort zone as they
rationalise their fears.
We’ve been dating and been in relationship now for 10 years and she too thinks,
“being yourself,” is a stupid fucked up advice.
Smart woman!
Everyone is being themselves, that’s why they pimp their CV’s up, and work on
their credit scores, and walk into interviews with interview techiques, and talk
about their degrees they busted their asses for, and wearing high heels and hot
clothes, and sweet fragrance, and push up bras, fake nails, fake eyelashes because
they all being..themselves.
That’s why in job they act diﬀerent to how they behave at a pub, a bar, at home,
with frends, or social business gatherig by adapting to the social dyamics of that
environment.
Being yourself - never listen to this piece of shit advice.
Arm yourself with knowledge, learn all you can, hit the gym, look your best
always, groom…practice…practice your skills, sharpen that axe and walk in like
you own the place.
Being yourself is over-rated.
See the world for what it is and not what you want it to be and what most who like
to romantize it with..
Be yourself. One day the love of your life will appear before your eyes if…you be
yourself.
7k Views · View Upvoters

What are the weirdest things said to a telemarketer?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman on other line, a Telemarketer, UK
Her - Hi I am calling to ﬁnd out blah blah blah
Me - How did yoy get my number? Actually never mind I’m not interested
Her - OMG! You got a…deep masculine voice and very British accent
Me - Thanks, Well, I’m Arab but lived here for ages. Do you have blue eyes?
Her - YES!
Me - Blonde Hair
Her - YES
Me - You like Spaghetti and also Cheese Cake?
Her - YES!
Me - Great, so let’s meet and go and have some

Her - You’re serious?
Me - Are you?
Her - YES
Easiest date ever and she was incredibly funny, blonde hair with tint of red
ﬂowing curls. I’m sure she dyed her hair.
She had a scottish accent to die for ;)
Love the accent.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a Guy fall in Love with a girl even though she isn't
the prettiest one one in the "room"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you noticed something about these questions?
That a woman in a room, she’s not prettiest in that room, and….it’s
about..FALLING IN LOVE.
I have never fallen in love with a woman by look alone.
This here is just attraction. It’s visual, it’s chemicals not love when you see a
woman and go “ooh wow”

It’s quick attention grabbing and that’s what attraction is..

So when a woman is average looking or not, and you say “falling in love,” it’s just
chemicals, hormones not real love. It’s biological, in which chemicals kicking oﬀ,
which helps two people to stay together to have a baby and for the baby to have
the best chance of surviving in this world.
That’s what most people feel love is and get into trouble when they think it’s
suppose to last but chemicals die down and it needs work, it needs far more than
perceived value i.e. the ‘look.’
Real love is calm, it takes time, it takes knowing the woman through a period of
time, and she gets to know you.
Attraction = perceived value, hit like a thunderbold, dick hard, attracted,
grabbing your attention, heart pounding.
Absolute Value = is what gets a woman to stay with the man or for man to stay
with woman, as it encompasses personality, values, income, job, compatibility
and so much more. This is when love develops as they both grow to know about
each other.
Most make the mistake the way most women who give advice about attraction
and talk relationship mode, absolute value instead.
They are not going to say…
“The man I am attracted to makes my body tingle, my heart race and pound, my
head spinning, my pussy throbbing, my tongue roll and lick my lips. I feel the shiver,
my temble, my legs quiver and feel like they are going to cave in. I fantasize about
him everyday. I see having babies with him and spend the rest of my life with him..”

They’d get hit from some women calling them all sorts and probably needy men
spamming their message inbox.
The ones who do and really cut through the bullshit are the ones I have high
respect for because they really want to arm women and men with knowledge and
do away from that which gives way for abuse for women and men, and prepares
them mentally and emotionally.
When an individual is self aware and educated on this, they think far more
rationale than most.
19.3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you be born as the opposite gender if given a choice?
Why?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I would stay as I am, a man.
The reason being..
1. I love Masculinity
I don’t get periods
I don’t have to have babies and go through the carrying and pregnancy
pain.
When I was a teen, I didn’t have much of a hard time as my sisters did
with going out whenever I wanted. I leveraged it as much as possible
then and I still do today.
I can approach, say, do even when there might be social pressure and
even if called a jerk, asshole, player, Bad boy, I can easily not give a fuck.
It’s not as bad like for women who can lose their reputation and it eﬀects
their whole life regarding sex.
I avoid a lot of drama in being a woman as in being friends with other
women. Christ, so much fucking drama.
The friendship with guys isn’t complicated and as demanding, and it’s
great we don’t talk about everything
There is an understanding love isn’t sex and as a man, I can easily
diﬀerentiate the fairytale of the “one” and look at reality. I am not
seeking anyone to complete me and it’s easy enough for me to do so.
I don’t use sex as a bargaining tool and I don’t see it as something to give
and as a trophy and prize. I don’t hold sex as some divine thing or
special. It is special due to intimacy, trust and vulnerability. Man can
have sex without seeing it as love. Rather he can see it as experiencing
pleasure.
I can walk on this world without much fear, even in the night and roam
this world amongst men and in the most deadliest place
I can look at a wall or stare in space and think of nothing. Yes, nothing.
Woman can be watching TV, eating popcorn and think about a million
other things ;)
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is dating mutiple women (5+) and having sex with all of them
normal for guys who wants to keep his options open until he
feels he has found 'the one'?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with it if that’s what you want to do and you have been up front
with these women, as there is no need to lie, manipulate because as I have
experienced, there are women who desire such a man and who don’t see it as a
big deal…and…it’s not a big deal.
Just be up front, make sure you also do check up and you also put their health
and your health ﬁrst, and you don’t make any promises so you can get sex.
Respect other person’s boundaries.
I don’t see anything wrong and I would also advise one more thing…
Forget looking for approval from society.
World isn’t as innocent and righteous as you may think it is. While most don’t
have same values as you do, many will fuck their friends over, business partner,
not stand up for each other if job is on line, and to a host of other things that is far
from sex. There’s a lot of double standards.
So don’t worry how wrong it looks to people.
Middle ﬁnger up mate to any pre-judging you and do whatever you want, as long,
you do not lie, manipulate, abuse the trust and you are up front with whom ever
you want to experience the amazing experience with.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What, in your opinion, is the most beautiful thing to see?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The most beautiful thing…

The most beautiful thing..

The most beautiful thing…

The most beautiful thing..

The most beautiful thing…

The most beautiful thing…

The most beautiful thing..

Is also to use what we have to give someone the opportunity to believe in
themselves….and when I see this happening once in a while in the world we live
in, I see it as one of the most beautiful things that goes beyond colour, gender,
class, rich or poor, culture, religious belief, sexuality and age…

74.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I quickly get over the death of someone I love (i.e.,
both of my grandmothers)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Talk.
Yes, talk about it with someone but I’d advise to get someone who is in that ﬁeld
called a therapist and not because anything wrong with you but you can talk and
talk, and talk and talk and walk away, and it be kept private.
You can do so with friends but there is a tolerance metre with friends and you
don’t want to burden them as well. People have their own problems and that is
why even therapist have their own psychologist too.
So give it time but don’t bottle it up.

Talk to someone about it as much as you can and you’ll see, it will help and I hope
it gets easier for you or whoever you’re asking the question for.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why are there people who can never say, "I love you" to anyone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because the words are not just words but valued. They mean a lot and are not just
said for sake of it.
Most people have heard it before and said it before, and then down the line, the
person does some crazy shit, and we ﬁnd they are not who they say they are, and
so we move on.
How many you heard people say “I love you”, and not in your life today. I have
heard these words and they are not in my life today.
The ones who are took time because they take these words seriously.
As time goes by and we experience such events in our lives, we grow the fuck up
and mature, and realise, that saying it just because we feel sexy, aroused, happy
isn’t a good thing but rather, we like to now take our time, really know the person
at deeper level before saying it.
Let’s face it, most people think sex is love, most people also love bomb the shit
out someone, most people are unhealthy in mind and needy for validation, and
most still live in a bubble.
Most people can say ‘I love you’ and ‘you mean everything to me,’ but only due to
their emotions but do not behave it in action. Moment you ask for what you
desire all walls are up and excuses about this and that ﬂy through.
To “how did I ﬁnd such an amazing person like you. I am so lucky!”
Or, ‘Ooooh how I am so lucky to have met you’ and ‘Oh my god, if my friends knew I
am going to be dating someone adventurous, exciting a guy that bores shits their
date, OMG how lucky I am.” to ﬁnd they are talking bullshit because soon enough
you see what you didn’t see…jealousy and possessiveness and the acient sex as a
bargaining tool.
You ﬁnd as you measure, their giving is wanting, their words don’t match up by
their actions, no matter what, it just is and it is evident in their behaviour no
matter what reasons they give and it is dissappointing to hear and see.
To hear them say, ‘tell me, I want to pleasure you, do all for you, make you feel so
happy. I am submissive, and I’ll pleasure you in all ways because I love you,’
But then you get the bullshit, ‘Oh sex is a commitment though and..’
That’s not submissive to me and they have no clue what the word means nor what
Dominance means to me.
Probably read some website or porn videos and have no clue what they are
talking about and the seriousness of it.
People say a lot of things and don’t mean them, pumped with chemicals,
emotions, immature and really they probably can’t last a week, never mind a
year, never mind even meeting face to face….because all they look for is to be
validated but when they get it, they get bored and go.
You ﬁnd such people can’t even last a week, a month, a year in being consistent in
their behaviour. Or they haven’t been in a healthy relationship or they just want
attention.

It’s easy to say, “I love you,” and easy to say. ‘I will do whatever to pleasure you
because I love you,’ but not easy to behave in a manner to show it.
I found women who say those things rarely ever pull through and just want the
thrill of the chase, which is a turn oﬀ for me.
It’s not attractive.
So now, I don’t say it until I am very sure, 100% sure, that I do and I know this
person feels same way as I do too, and isn’t some joker, pathetic, immature, love
bombing type of woman, who hasn’t grown up yet.
When I say it, I mean it, so I want to say it not because I feel excited, hot, sexy, and
feel so emotional or fear loss. Or because I want to get something or because I
want to make sure I get sex.
I mean it deeply when I say these words.
That’s why it might take sometime but it doesn’t mean my behaviour is not
aﬀectionate. I’m not emotionally fucked up or damaged. I don’t fear
abandonment and certainty don’t think just because I date and have sex with a
woman, it means she promised long-term and forever.
It means I can be vulnerable, I can show intimacy, I am sex positive, conﬁdent
and can give a person a chance to be intimate but the words ‘I love you,’ will take
time. I feel it is a mature way and rationale way of looking at it.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe in love that doesn't expect anything in return?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I do expect something.
Compatibility. Sex positive. Not violating my boundaries. High sexual. Has
healthy relationships in past. No love bombing, no monogamy. I will not date any
woman who is not poly and who is monogamous.
No victim mentality behaviour.
I expect no future predictions and no pre-judging and devaluing me or bye, bye.
Maturity is expected and ﬂirtatious is expected but expectation of future, no.
Sexual conﬁdence is expected and being open, direct, honesty is expected
instead of aloofness and back and forth that reveals games and princess attitude,
which I avoid like the plague.
I expect talk on sexual boundaries and what she desires and we are grown ups,
mature and conﬁdent to talk about them. I expect on the ﬁrst date to be fun, sexy,
exciting and due to what we did before we met, the awkwardiness is gone.
There is no absurd dating rules that restricts people to enjoy dating and being
sexy, fun, exciting, transparent, clarity of what we desire and honest to enjoy the
moment.
I expect we have text and talked on phone what we like to do on ﬁrst date, where
to go, what is her attitude towards life, world views, her passion, her goals, her
aspirations and what she is doing right now about them.
What turns her on, her kinks and how to pleasure her and she knows same about
me. We’re adults, grown ups, we can talk about these things after we know there is
mutual attraction and that attraction must not be hints or ambigious but said
outright.

I expect she is not a crowd pleaser, follower but blazing her own path and she is
doing something exciting or something about her goals, dreams and she is very
excited about them rather than doom and gloom about life and world. She’s
adventureous and has a purpose in her life and isn’t seeking to man to complete
her but she completes herself.
She has a lot going on, she has passion for creativity and she has purpose in life
that she is pursuing.
I like the romance and the excitement to happen naturally.
For me sex is not a big deal or some prize and trophy like a woman is giving me
something. There must not be talk of committment, future projections until it is 6
months of relationship or more.
So yes, there are conditions regarding dating, regarding love, regarding future.
The top one is compatibility.
I also don’t believe in this type of love below as I like emotions, aﬀectons,
showing vulnerability rather than awkwardiness, emotional coldness and a
woman who ﬁnds it diﬃcult to show her feelings to her lover…
So I don’t believe in this kind of love…

5.8k Views · View Upvoters

A woman called me an "abuse apologist" because I asked her
not to ﬁght with her ex. The last time we saw each other she told
me I was "gaslighting" her because I denied doing something
that I really didn't do. Is there a term for this behavior?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is behaving like a Narcissist herelf, She is gaslighting you, trying to make you
confused and doubting yourself. That’s already happened. Listen to your
intuition.
It’s saying to you…
Stay the fuck away from her. Block her from everything and move on. Avoid ever
being in contact with her. She’s dangerous.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't you love even if you both had sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It takes time for me to fall in love for someone. If trust is not there, it won’t
happen. So if I ﬁnd woman is pre-judging from begining then it probably won’t
happen or slows it down a lot.
What makes sex special is the process of knowing someone, the build up, the
sexual tension, before the sex the intimacy, trust in one another but that is not
love. However, it is the begining that love can happen.
I don’t just fall in love like that especially if the person makes sex a big deal,
thinking they are a booty call, which is also judging the person they are dating
and having sex with. When she doesn’t do that she’s shows me she’s far more than
sex. She has a lot to oﬀer and isn’t fearing abandonment and that for me is very
attractive.
It’s a very positive start and in anything, it’s about positive feelings, how
someone makes you feel great and isn’t already trying to pre-judge you because
of past experiences or negativity script projecting on you.
It shows me courage and courage is big for me.
It’s best to remove these expectations and the measuring ruler which many carry
in their mind because that’s how you get hurt. Rather see every date as an
opportunity to experience, to grow, and if love happens, let it happen naturally
and without manipulation.
It takes me now, to fall in love, about 6–1 year or maybe more, because I am not
going to fall in love with a woman in the begining until I experience all of her. You
can’t give that if you haven’t yet had a relationship with the person for a while,
got to know a lot about them.
That is going to take time.
I ﬁnd when that happens where its free from expectations, without trying to force
it, and giving time, in knowing her and we are having sex meeting again and
again, we go out, romance, doing things together, also closeness, seeing her world
and my world - I will begin to see so much more of her and then yes, I’d probably
fall in love but it takes time.
Sex is an experience in which I am attracted to the woman and desire to feel close
to her sexually, physically, intimately but also it is trust, and so I know she trusts
me and that’s the ﬁrst step.
If trust is not there and I feel it in beginning of interaction and pre-judgment, and
the fairytale expectations, well, it makes it diﬃcult for me to then trust and be
open as well.
If it’s without the grandoise expectation in one’s mind in the begining, it helps.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I get treated so badly even though I date the most
unattractive men who have never been able to get women? Why
do they become abusive no matter how hard I try to please
them?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“…no matter how hard I try to please them.”
Yes, that’s the problem right there. You see relationship as a game, sex is given as
some prize, everything you do is transactional, even to get to the ﬁrst date will be

ﬁlled wth games, wanting man to be ﬁxed and changed with this knowing they
are not compatible to you.
I met many women like that. They can’t even speak truth about who they are. If
good man did turn up, they’d fuck him over.
When it doesn’t work out.,,
“I did it all for him and look what I got in return.”
“I GAVE him sex, I GAVE him my time, I gave him and I got this back.”
“No matter how hard I try to PLEASE them, I get treated badly..”
I have heard these words so many tmes from many women.
One thing I experienced with such women who says this is it’s not just with one
guy but another and another, and another.
It is the same pattern and most of these women never even meet these guys but
love the attention and validation. Or when some do meet these guys they don’t
realise their games created some bitterness and the guys see the woman isn’t who
she is.
Then she comes clean but too late.
They never say how they do attract good men and fuck them over so good
because they themselves cannot maintain relationship because all it is to them is
about seeking validation not really a relationship.
It’s all a game, a role they are playing, over and over again and they feed oﬀ the
reaction of man, the drama, so they can create the predictable outcome, from day
one how they select is self sabotae for them to fulﬁll a sense of destinty…
“No matter how hard I try to please them, I get treated badly..”
Probably also stuﬀed with pills for depression.
They are like the teen girls behind screen who love the attention but really have
no intention to follow through. It’s just excitement and role playing victim.
Always their story is how they are victim of some ex, or jerk, or asshole.
You didn’t do anything for them.
You don’t do things like that for them.
You did it for yourself to feel something and to feed an insecurity that came from
a trauma way back and you repeat it and keep doing it over and over, and over
again. To create that story so you can tell the next guy, how Jerks do this to you,
that to you to attract more…Jerks.
“Oh I attract Jerks who use me. They don’t see me.”
I knew this other woman who said the same thing and you know what I found so
fast? She is a liar. Manipulator. Everything about her was a lie. In fact she even
said it when she realised I wasn’t going to fuck around and move on way.
From day one, love bombing. From day one victim stories and tons of messages
about their daily life and chores of what they are doing.
The same words like this question and other women as well, saying the same
words and all of them never had a healthy relationship.
I looked around and she isn’t who she said she is and that includes age. She said
she’s in her proﬁle she is in her 30s and she is 24. Everything she later revealed is
a lie. She even says she is a liar, she is into being a princess, and knows WHY she
attracts the Jerks. She knows.

You too. You know why.
Sometimes women believe in their bullshit so much they can’t see they are in a
bubble they have been in since teenagers.
In their 30’s and still behaving like they are still in school.
I can say from many women who say this, they are the ones who do a lot of
damage to men out there and then act all innocent and wonder why man doesn’t
empathise. Not only that, they do harm for women too because now most men
see women as manipulators, attention seekers and really just emotionally
draining.
So you got most men so sick of the game in which a woman uses other men, to
make her own victim story a reality. It’s hard for these men to date such women.
Not only that, you even call them “unattrative.”
What do you call a woman who cannot even maintain a relationsip, who
attracts men who she calls “unattractive?”
A woman who is of low self image and unattractive herself. So a woman attracts
such men so she can feel attractive because she feels she’s not worthy, not
attraction and focuses on….attracting…status.
And then has audacity to say, “I please them.”
You pleased yourself and used these men to make your story a reality and play
out the victim role.
You are the one choosing these guys.
You’re the one saying yes to these guys.
And then trying to change and ﬁx, or don’t even follow through most of these
datres without drama, which pisses them oﬀ.
You’re the one who doesn’t believe in yourself and thinks you’re not attractive
and using these men, to feel attractive and making decisions on the wrong things,
rather on something called…compatibility.
You’re the one who wants the victim story, a new one to tell someone else,
yourself and others to not face the reality.
That you cannot change anyone but yourself and you got work to do to grow.
I warn any man today, if he hears a woman say this to him, abou jerks using her,
acting like a victim, love bombing you as well, whether these women do it face to
face or messagesl…RUN and never look back.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How would I handle the many looks of interest from girls when
I am not willing to get involved with anyone at this time?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They can look so let them look. Relax. Enjoy the attention. You don’t need to do
anything else.
If you feel like a douche then..
1. Nod
2. Smile
3. Walk on if you’re not interested

At least you made their day and they got some story to tell their friends.
Now if they approach just politely say you’re ﬂattered, thank but you are not
looking to be in a relationship with anyone. Let them leave not feeling bad but
happy they tried. It’s not hard to let a person walk away like light shined through
them and put a smile on their face.
It gives them conﬁdence for another time with someone else.
Avoid doing what people who lack empathy do - leading people on, where the
other person now invests time and then get hurt or pissed for being lead on.
That’s the type of person repulses me with every bone, muscle and cell in my
body.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tristan Marajh

How do I get the guy next door to have sex with me?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You knew how.
1. Dress like this..
2. Now ask him.
It’s as easy as that.

What's a guy supposed to do and how's he supposed to act when
his girl or a girl he's around is on her period?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Quick!
Order these now..
1. Helmet

2. Protect your balls

Now you are protected by the shit storm that’s going to hit you. Be warned, it’s
one hell of a storm, plates ﬂying, everything thrown at you and she will do all the
Ninja moces martial moves on you and MMA style throws ;)
Serious note…
Relax.
Like it’s just another normal day.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know when a relationship's not worth being in
anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s how..

You don’t need me to explain in Adam detailed style. There it is for you to know
when it’s not worth it anymore.
7k Views · View Upvoters

When can you say that a girl is in love with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When she puts aside jealousy and possessiveness and not see man as someone to
own but rather to experience love, pour love all over him both mentally as well as
physically, the journey without trying to ﬁx and change him. If she can’t do that
for me, it’s complete utter bollocks.
That’s when I know and feel. That’s how I see love.
Not the socially constructed type of love.
4k Views · View Upvoters

What are the behaviors of a conﬁdent person?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Updated Sep 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. They know what they want in life, people and in relationships
They seek compatibility. Hence, they will walk away if comptibility is not there
even if someone is hot good looking. Even if they are attracted to someone they’ll
walk away.
2. They have boundaries and they respect their boundaries.
Violate their boundaries, it doesn’t matter if you got a sweet hot ass and delcious
tits, and amazin curves. You’re done. Blocked and moved on.
3. They are direct and decisive.
They know what they want and they will ask for what they want. You won’t see
this type of person waste time with pull and push technique like some kids in
kindergartern or an immature adult. Time is valuable.
4. They can move on very fast.
If they get rejected they are not the kind of people who will ponder for too long
hoping the person comes back. They will pick themselves up very fasy, approach
and be dating someone in a matter of a few days or a week. The other person will
be history and just seen as part of life, a world in which such people never really
meant to be in their life.

5. They take risks and grow far faster
Because they are no seeking approval and validation, they approach, they follow
through, they take risk while most people do not take risk, love bomb to get
approval and never follow through.
6. They have goals, dreams and a deep desire around a passion
They are always working towards making things happen. They don’t wait for life
to happen and most of all, they do what they love to do. Life is short living in
some else’s shadows and their dresire is huge in blazing their own path.
7. You can count on them.
They don’t wait for the crowd. They will get the ball rolling and when tough times
comes, you can count on them to be at the front line. They are not observers but
go getters.
8. Positive Attitude
No one can always be happy and though we know life can be hard and dark, they
ensure to try their best to keep a positive attitude in a practical way, in their
speech and in living in the moment.
They understand their mind and the mind of others is precious and negative self
talk can harm their self improvement as well as others. They avoid it as much as
they can. They avoid it.
23.2k Views · View Upvoters

What if I hurt someone unintentionally a lot? Will I be able to
get that person back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very, very, diﬃcult to do. Trust is fragile.
If someone is a bullshitter, lies a lot, goes back on their word, even I won’t trust
that person again. I won’t feel safe to share a damn thing with them again and
ﬁnd their their behaviour to not be tolerated.
Who wants to even associate with such a toxic person?
I doubt any would with a grain of salt of decency.
If this is you, leave the person alone and work on yourself. You really do not want
to do things like that no matter if you’re at the other end of world and doing it
online. Things like that catches up on you.
The world isn’t as big as you think it is.
Work on yourself and leave the person alone because you would have done a lot
of damage and lost a lot of respect in their eyes if that is you who did the hurting.
You’d have a lot of work to do to get their trust back and you are fully aware you
hurt them because you stated so in the question.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that a guy won't forget the girl he likes? What are the
reason why he wont?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not the forgetting that gets you. It’s the chemicals.
It’s very easy to do when you know how and done it many times but with some
understanding.

For example, one girl was back and forth. I walked away, blocked her and moved
on. I knew from experience it’s not about memory as much as chemicals. So I had
already other women I am connected with as I have options and easily connected
and kaboom.
Chemicals kick in and now the high level of chemicals of that other girls fades
very fast and though she will be in your memory, the feeling is far strong for the
new girl and hopefully, it works out for you as it does for me.
Very quick. Took me couple of days and other girl was history.
You still remember her but it’s not as it use to be.
The frequency has now been toned down and transeferred.
Hence, there is no such thing as “the one.”
When you understand how you work, what infatuation is, what love is, and you
gain a lot of experience, you will move on so fast and know how to do it but right
now, the rest why it hurts to such to write a question about it is your own thinking
for starters on what it is all about.
You got this idea of “the one,” and you have no options, in which you have many
connections of women you are attracted to, to easily connect and chemicals kick
oﬀ about the you and the new girl.
Instead, you’re stuck in that same place and those chemicals are all about this
one girl who is not with you anymore. You’re resources is very limited and
probably zero.
It’s not about memory as much about emotions, about chemicals and how you
perceive it all to be. You need to re-direct new burst of chemicals but you need to
have balls to move on to approach other girls to then start dating again and…to
never fall for the fallacies of dating, love and all what most women and white
knights fall for.
That’s a trap which can cause you a lot of emotional damage.
The idea of her is ﬁre up chemicals again and about someone else.
Change the frequency, lower it by transferring it to someone else and remove this
idea there is such a thing as the “one.”
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you accept the fact that there are people who are more
attractive and intelligent than you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think it’s awesome.
I think seeing people who are more attractive than me and more intelligent is a
brillaint opportunity to date them and…I do.
In fact, if there is someone smarter than me, I’ll learn from them.
It also helps me to push harder to hone in my knowledge and skill, and to not look
at my looks but more on my specualised knowledge, skill and know how the
world works and use it to my advantage.
I credit having such people in world, as they inspire me to push harder in
becoming better at what I do and it has never failed me to attract smarter, hotter,
sexy, delicious sexual conﬁdent women to date, fuck and even work with.
I see it as an awesome blessing.

The tougher the Jungle, the higher the bar raised, the better I become at what I
want to achieve in life. I never at people with this idea they got more than me but
rather challenge the fuck out of them in a fun way and push myself to learn more,
grow more and step out more from comfort zone.
Love it!
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How would a man think if he sees a beautiful girl without a bra?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Meh? We knew that most women simply wants attention.
Most women will just walk by without wearing a bra (or sometimes, without a
panty too). And Yes, we then see a pair of nipples. So what?
It’s not a big deal.
It’s not like that we haven’t see many before.
403 Views · View Upvoters

What makes sex so special?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is why I walk away from most women.
You see what makes sex fun, exciting, passionate, incredible, special isn’t really
sex. For me, it is the build up towards it.
Let me explain…
It is the moment in which a woman has trusted me and it ﬂows naturally, and yet
it has sexual tension, and there is no back and forth games. If it’s hard, if I feel
something like a pull and push aloof nonsense, it ruins it all.
It ruins the experience.
When a woman says..
“Sex is a big committment for me,”
That means she will now dangle that because she got nothing else to oﬀer. She
thinks that is all she got.
That’s why the games most women do is all about.
Then one day because the woman sees it as some bargaining to trade she says
when a break up happens..
“OOooh I did this for him. How could he do this to me. He used me.”
You don’t do it for him. A woman needs to do it for herself, to experience, to give,
to pleasure for herself ﬁrst and not see it like she is giving herself like some
trophy or that’s why most women who say..
“Oh I did this for him”
People talk about pick up artists but I see women are players and everyone is but
pretend they don’t. Women play for relationsip, want all the resturant, meals,
time and then make sex a big deal.
The complain why men want sex.

Well you can go and do that with a friend can’t they. They can have resturant
meals and platonic and act all awkward like there is no sexual attraction involved
and no power game happening.
When you play that game you attract the men who play the ﬁeld and who are not
direct and say what they want.
When man is direct in what he desires they are now judged. So now women want
us to play the game and pretend. So they can imagine they are princesses, special
and…sex..is…given and..
“Oh he used me, I gave sex..” kind of attitude.
Sex is not special. It’s how we behave towards each other that makes sex special,
that gives it initimacy and when we play games, whe we belittle what is going on,
what we don’t own our sexuality then that’s when everything becomes awkward.
It’s a feeling that ﬂows naturally and she made it so easy for us to meet and when
we meet, the feelings of passion and the desires, and the fantasies we spoke can
now be experienced together.
That’s what makes it special not sex.
It’s the connection, it’s the build up, it’s the way we treated and behave with each
other in a fun, exciting, mature, sexual, ﬂirtatious, raw way than the bullshit I
have seen from many women who make sex special, when it is that behaviour
towards each other that’s special.
Sex is sex and people make it like it’s some big deal, like something of a prize, a
trophy you give, a bargaining power.
That there is what makes me sick to stomache.
It is all those feelings, emotions all rolled into one but most of all, you feel safe,
comfortable as well as passionate, lustful, so into the person, attractive, not
gamey, not pathetic back and forth uncertainty, and knowing you are with
someone wo desires the same without controlling the outcome.
It’s hearing her say..
“I am wearing nothing underneath.”
It’s that moment she runs to me and arms wrapped round with conﬁdence due to
how we interacted. It’s the devouring of my lips as she kisses me and I kiss her.
It’s when all the environment and distractions fade away and all we feel and see is
us two in a busy world that moving past us.
That’s what makes it special not sex.
It’s the ﬂirting, the physical touch, the cupping of your hand on her face, the
looking into her eyes, the pinning her to a wall when traﬃc lights bleeping.
Feeiling her waiste and a cheeky squeeze of her ass as she rolls her tongue around
her lips to say she loves it.
It’s feeling her ﬁngers locked with yours, seeing her smile, seeing the woman you
spoke to, text and she is the same way as you interacted, and feeling and hearing
how conﬁdent she is when she says..
“Let’s go to my place. I so want you to fuck me so hard, deep, and like the way we
walked..”
It’s being at her place and she is all over you and you pin her to the wall and you
kiss her neck, and whisper all you once said to her, and tell her how gorgeous she
is and you know she feels and thinks that after sex she may never see you again…

but…. that’s what I love about it too…because she ﬁnds out she was completely
utter fucking wrong about me. Haha.
That’s the part I also really like.
And far too many women take that away from me and start planning future and
complicate it and ruin the romance. They completely ruin it talking about sex
deﬁning them and so into ﬁnding the one, rather experiencing this intimacy and
see what happens next.
That’s the part most women take away and ruin it.
Desperate for a relationship.
Desperate for some long-term outcome and not let it ﬂow naturally.
Making it so stressful.
It’s the moving down to her collar bone, as you feel the dampness of her thighs to
hear her moan in your ear, and you know she’s feeling it, you know she’s so
turned on, so hot, she feels the pulsating, throbbing sensations and unknown
sensations as she becomes very submissive for you to pleasure her as she feels a
thousand ﬁngers, a thousand hands and tongues caress every inch of her body as
you go down on her.
The ﬁrst glimpse of her smooth white naked ﬂesh excites you as you kiss and
smell her fragrance, to feel her rhythm, skin on skin, the heat both of you are
creating as it intensiﬁes into this beautiful experience.
All this gives it the intimacy - how you both behaved towards each other from the
very begining and right through, and afterwards too.
All those feelings, rolled into one and when you have sex, it does make a
diﬀerence but moment games are played, moment someone makes it diﬃcult, is
the moment, this stage will never happen.
In fact, it ruins it all.
It ruins the romance, the rawness, the incredible mutual respect you have for one
another.
It doesn’t make it special and most of all - it doesn’t…make…her…special and it
just ruins it all.
It makes it feel like a competition, a battle of the sexes, a game, that makes you so
sick, it turns you oﬀ the person you are attracted to, that you also don’t feel safe to
be with them anymore.
You see insecurities.
You see guilt and shame being projected by the other person.
You see culturally programming bouncing oﬀ this person.
You see baggage the other person has which is messing it all up.
You see fear and feel it too from other person.
You feel sick in stomache, it feels hard, it feels complicated, you feel it’s forced,
you feel them acting immature, you see they haven’t grown up.
Worse - you wis you NEVER met this person beause now their toxic, the memory
of them poisons your mind and you curse the day you ever made that connection
with his toxic person.
You feel emotionally exhuasted because of their bullshit and back and forth, the
uncertainty. You know, pathetic immature behaviour that they can’t even get

their shit together to meet.
They become ugly to you to never want to even have sex with them no matter
how hot the person looks like like. You won’t touch them with a barge pole and
you don’t ever want to set your eyes on them.
You hope time ﬂies so you can get rid of the memory of them ever existed in your
path and wish they never appeared in your life.
You don’t even want to be friends with this person.
Who wants to be friends with a liar, a manipulator, a gamey person, an immature
person, a person who cannot if do this right and follow through but emotionally
manipulate you for their own stimulus?
Tha’s how shit it gets because of the immaturity.
What makes sex special is how you treat one another from day one, without
manipulation games and some stupid dating rules.
Unfortunately, many don’t even get to this stage because of making sex as special,
as the big deal, as some trophy, a prize and sadly, I move on to never meet
because I haven’t the time waiting for someone to grow up.
Sex isn’t special.
It’s how you behaved with each other from day one and right up to sex, and after
sex that makes sex special.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man view a woman as a strong beautiful woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Can you hear her?
The Natural woman.
There are times I can hear her even when the women I meet..can’t.
Most of the time, I see what I left behind…women who follow the acient rules, the
superstitiouns, cultures, rituals and the ongoing pursuit to control the outcome.

When they read my answers, they’ll run or they’ll hide and even deactivate their
account because it’s reality slam dunking right in front of them and it strikes at
the core because I come from the world they so say they don’t want part of but
still behave like a socially programmed woman.

She would forsake her happiness for the “soul mate,” societally programmed life
and make sex a big deal.
Much of it is to seek validation and pleasing their social peers, their parents, the
friends, the community and so for me, I feel I am always walking the opposite
direction and so happy to do so.

There is so much I left behind and don’t want in my life and the weird thing is, I
meet women from my community and communities who know what I mean,
whether they are arabs, pakistani, afghans, and yet, even when I hear their words
on how they had enough of the bullshit, time to grow up, time to live their lives
without being dictated by shame and guilt, and all that has even restricted them
to be in relationships they don’t really want, I ﬁnd their words are empty.

I ﬁnd they are still there even after weeks, months and years have past by. They
go round and round in circles to ﬁnd themselves aged 40, empty, lonely and the
“one” didn’t turn out the way they thought it be.
Even marriage is but to settle and or to please their parents. Still doing things for
approval, to ﬁt in and to control some predictable outcome. Their life evolves
around a man and when it goes ape shit..
“I did this for him.”
No, they did it for themselves. Wanting to control, own a man, jealousy and
possessiveness isn’t all about their own insecurities and doing all for themselves
not for love.
So you cannot wait for anyone to be strong.
I also have no time for attention seekers, the fakes, who tip toe, walk on eggshell
and then run and hide when the going gets tough. Much of these culurally
programmed women are online doing all for attention and dissappear back to
their medicore life packed with lies.
Probably already deactivating their quora, facebook and instagram because they
know the guys are onto their bullshit and have to now hide way and maybe, do
the same old shit…aged…in their 30’s.
Never growing up and fake.

If you look at them, everything is doesn’t make sense. If you’re gut is feeling
something is wrong, you’re 99% right.
1% is just seeing them playing their immature game.
Their facebook is fake.
Their quora account is fake. Their story is fake. Their name is probably fake.
Nothing they say can be counted on especially online.

They will stay in that place, following the psychological script till the end of their
days. It’s their life and it is my life but I will never go back to that dark place
again.
And though it looks beautiful, it is but the surface and if you look further you see
the struggle and conformity, and fear and the rituals.

You got to focus on you and be strong yourself and when you become so, you do
not want to attract women who is not strong either.
I have realised at a very young age…you cannot wait for anyone nor can you
change them either.
Always moving forward, growing, to that which is unfamiliar, new, diﬀerent and
which makes you feel alive, free from the restrictions and the empty promises
that really no one can promise and say it will…always…be…there.
All of these are about control and all of which comes from fear.
She really didn’t have a chance because like all of us, from the the day we were
born, we were socially conditioned with superstitions, belief systems of someone
else, stories from someone else.
The machine used everything and even animations to pound her everyday and
every year, an never ending conditioning..

From cartoons of human beings, animals, fairies, triggering our most deep rooted
desires. Programs replaying of someone else’s thoughts, scripts seeking
validation from someone else, acceptance and approval from someone else, the
mind ﬁlled with fairytales put there by someone else, the pursuit of being loved
by the ‘one’, and to always strive towards society standard of life.
Standards created by someone else.
A goal, a dream, a fantasy designed by someone else…

And so you hear the old acient ways…
“Oh I cannot love a man who I cannot HAVE myself, knowing he can love other
women..”
Worse - she begins the chase for the thrill to try to change the man but doesn’t
realise, a man who desires her will be direct in his intent and he wn’t be chasing
because if he did, he will be chasing nothing but a trophy…

The bullshit of being a princess, to be chased for validation and still behaves like
she’s reading some fairytale boo.
She has now become what she said she’d never be. She forgets where she came
from, how she was owned to have her own desires pushed deep…down..down.
She forgets what she once promised herself in that time in which she could never
express and experience her desires, fantasies and goals…

“I will never be owned by a man, never chase man to say he is my life but rather I
shall be part of man’s experiences as he is part of mine. A man who is free,
unchained, as I am unchained, free…”
Instead, like many before, she became what she said she’d never become.
Yes, most of the time I see the cultural programmed woman, who is dictated by
the social rules into thinking she is deﬁned by this fallacy and that love conquers
all and if she ﬁnds that “one” man, the Prince Charming, the unicorn, he will be
with her for the rest of her life.

Her life centred in making this story come true with devastating consequences.
Her life whether she likes to deny it or not is all around that one man and idolises
this story.
She behaves as such, she chooses based on this, she propels forwards on this
fallacy, she seeks and believes she has to be a princess and she waits, hints, being
all subtle, fearful of being judged by those around her to be seen as a slut, whore,
too easy as she hopes for some white knight to complete her life when it is she
who can only complete herself…

Time ﬂies by her and she thinks she has all the time in the world.
She thinks her beauty, her youth, her smooth face, her tight ass and young ﬁlled
breasts will always be like this.
But all I see is hesitation and all I see in the socially programmed woman is lack
of courage. fear, weak, not strength but the pretence to be strong and you cannot
even rely on what the socially programmed woman says.
She is not direct.
She is aloof.
She is a like a clown, laughing but sad, happy but crying inside, free but really a
slave to the feeling of shame, guilty and most of her words when making
connection with man is lies, manipulation, push and pull and all it does is attract
what she doesn’t want and then complains on why she has been inﬂicted by
those who play the push and pull.

Then complains how the man she desires has lost interest and asks..
“How can I get him back?”
“Why do I attract Jerks.”
“I am 30, single, attract and guys don’t want to be in relationship with me.”
You can never tell who she really is with her push and pull covert operation
games, her hints, her shame, her guilt, her own sexualisation of herself in making
sex as some pedestal, as some trophy, as some gift to give and if a man walks, she
believes she has become nothing.
All of which comes from the invention of man that has from the dawn of man and
woman has made them feel guilty and ashamed of that what is natural to us all…

She says she wants to learn, she wants to grow but only can one empty their cup
can they really learn.
Most people cannot even do that and instead have one foot in the acient rules and
one in the future to lose the present, the moment, the now, the opportunities that
stare in their faces to experience and grow.
Yes, there are times when I see the spontaneity,, it comes wthout love bombing, it
is calm, it doesn’t ask..
“What do you like about me?”
Instead she knows.
She doesn’t need to ever ask such questions.
She doesn’t need sex to deﬁne her, validate her and instead she knows truth is in
action not words of admiration.
She is the natural woman.
I see her deep inside her, in the place where she keeps all her daring
adventutures, her most incredible exciting memories, her fantasies, her sexy
kinky desires, her amazing possibilities, her daydreams and courage in which she
makes me feel certainty rather than insecurities of jealousy and posessiveness..

There, deep down there, inside her are the the treasures, the kind you would
courageously and with self love do….if no-one is watching you.
You’d explore them, without being afraid, without hesitation when no one is
watching and they’d be the things you won’t even let your closest relatives, your

parens, your friends know but they are there.
She knows what has happened but she is scared to admit for if she does, then all
she has ever believed in crumbles. All she has held onto breaks into a million
pieces.
What then does she believe?
I’d say, “believe in yourself. Time to now really explore who you are by going out
there and experience and learn new again.”
Yes, she knows what has happened.
She knows the roles that society has forced her to play by their rules and all of
which restricted her, all of which has restricted her to even be in a relationsip she
doesn’t want or tired of being in.
She but then pushs all those parts away deep down where the natural woman is…
in that safe place, where no one can see but it is deep inside…waiting…yes…wait
to emerge.
What makes a man view woman strong and beautiful?
For this man, she is not scared to love and she loves without the expectations and
the ugly faces of jealousy and posessiveness.
She will never say she wants a man for herself because she also does not want
man to own her like a property. She knows where she came from, she knows what
it stands for so she now decides it is the acient social construct rules or is it she
now grows and propels towards freedom.
That’s when I know I can be safe with her.
When I need to weather the storm out, she is the safe haven not the manipulator,
the back and forth. She is not the coward who lies and betrays herself and plays
double standard in which one hand she says she wants freedom and yet in the
other expects to own man to be “all mine.”
I know she is not the culturally programmed woman who is haughty with
jealousy and possessiveness which to me makes a woman ugly.

Instead, she knows she is enough and her life is not centred on a man, nor a man
is an accomplishment to have but rather to experience, like sex, to experience,
like life…to experience, like all things…to experience.
That she has her own dreams, her own goals and can when I have to ﬂy away
sometimes for days or weeks, she is busy and excited about her own life, own
goals and own dreams.

And she knows her man can love another and still, it does not mean he does not
love her or her value diminishes.
She already had that love and value long before he appeared and she will still
have it all, even if he walks away.
Can you hear her?
Listen carefully.
You’ll hear the Natural Woman.
You’ll feel her.
Strong, Bold, Courageous and she excites me by how she loves her self.
She knows. Yes she does.
The ﬁnal mystery of love is - self love.
I would be with such lover till the end of my life because I will know I am not
owned, possessed like a property and she is strong to know no woman or man can
be owned as such.
The adventures we would have, the pleasures we would experience and we would
be wild and free because..
I am the Natural man.
She is the Natural Woman.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do most girls not prefer good-hearted, genuine, naive,
nice, caring guys, and instead choose mean, selﬁsh guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In the Jungle and a woman sees two guys.
There’s you, who has no clue how to hunt. Doesn’t know how the jungle works.
You’ll be dead if you step out there.
Then there’s the other guy, stronger, smarter, knows the jungle well and knows
how to hunt. He has his tool sharpened and he has done this so many times that
other guys see him as valuable too.
That’s the guy no wman ever heard him whine about why not him. No, not this
guy. This guy ﬁgured it out and would never beg, supplicate, or even show he is
weak aboiut this issue. He went out and met the Jungle head on, got bruised, got
some scars, learnt diﬀerent methods, techniques, ﬁgured himself out and also
how the Jungle REALLY works.
He never quit, never. He never thought of begging for anyhing. He never cried to
mummy or daddy or world for not getting what he wanted. Instead, he dug deep
and learned all kinds of skills that not only got him to hunt like a master but also,
increased his value, his perceived value, his status amongst his tribe to such….he
could choose who to fuck.
He became the guy where when the cheif of that tribe had a VIP meeting or party,
he was invited. He became the guy who can get other people in especially the
women who so wanted to get into the place that is only by invitation only.
Women wanted this guy because this guy brought more meat, more resources
and had more options. One can bitch about him all day and call him whatever,
but in the end, even his enemies respected him.

He had balls, guts and the more he went out of his comfort zone, the more he
grew, the more he keart, the more he knew what many men didn’t know. He
became a leader of his own life and knew how to get what he wanted and look
damn good doing it too.
Now which one do you think women going to go for?
I can see it now..
“Hey, I am a nice, good hearted. naive, caring, so come and ride my dick.”
Not going to happen.
You can keep trying that but believe, it is not going to work. You know because
you probably tried that already.
You hear all that…
“Oooh we like nice, caring, genuine. good hearted guys..”
Women are not going to say..
“I want a guy who makes my heart race, my heart pound, my pussy throb, my head
spinning, my body tingle, my imagination go wild, and I know, when I am with this
guy, he will eat my pussy so dam good, pound my pussy and ass, and make me feel so
alive, I know I can be that woman who is sexy, kinky wtith him and he’s got the
experience to make me feel I can too.”
They are going to say..
“I want a man who respects me, a man of intelligence, smart and blah blah blah
blah blah blah.”
If I even listen to that bullshit, I’d be like most of the guys who think nice, naive,
good hearthed is going to do it and still be a virgin age 40.
I’ll be like the students at school and college, uni, or the guys at work who get
zoned deep into the antartic.
So forget about nice, caring, and all that. You needed to have them anyway but
these do not entitle you for anything. Women also are not entitled you to be nice
and caring and supportive or your time either.
Your time is a valuable asset. Don’ squander it to impress women.
You got to know how the Jungle works and the Jungle doesn’t care what you
think you ate entitled to.
You either learn the real deal on how to do this or you die. You suﬀer. You
struggle. You have less. You have no options and women will choose you when
they have fucked the Bad Boy for years, when their youthful years gone, when
their beauty gone, then they might say..
“Hey nice guy, I have been looking for you all my life.”
“You have?
“No shcmuck but hey, you want me don’t you?
“Yes please!”
Learn how to work the Jungle because you don’t want to be that guy who says
“yes please.”
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I win her back? She told me she doesn't feel the same
way anymore and won't even agree to see me for even just a
couple minutes in person.

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is very diﬃcult. Attraction has to be mutual. Second, she isn’t a trophy or prize
to be won. She said she doesn’t feel the same way and it’s best to respect her
decision.
This is her boundaries you’re now stepping over and since she said no to seeing
you it is best to leave it alone and move on.
You’re story is same with my ex…
Now, imagine…blonde white woman, wearing tight short dress, long boots and
she knows it’s what I like.
Even her being atractive wasn’t enough for me anymore. Just lots of things she
probably forgot or needed to be reminded of.
She walks into bar, sees me, taps this rugged rough bad boy on shoulder…

She says after small talk…
Her - Hahaa, remember us having sex on ﬁrst date
Me - Hmmm, yeah
Her - I was so nervous
Me - Yes I remember
Her - You nearly walked away for good after the stupid things I did and said
Me - Yeah
Her - But it was electric when we did meet for the ﬁrst time but I thought I’d never
see you again
Me - Yes, usually how the story goes with most women

Her - But we had 2 amazing years
Me - Yes, we did
Her - (quiet)
Her - Is there any chance of..
Me - No
Her - But I’ve changed. I’m not jealous anymore and I don’t care if you date other
women. I really don’t believe in that anymore
Me - It’s not that. Really it isn’t.
Her - Was it that hard?
Me - I’ve moved on. I’ve changed. I’m not that guy anymore.
Her - I know. I’m so sor…
Me - Don’t. You know sorry means nothing to me.
Her - Yeah I remember you’ve always been like that
I got up, didn’t even ﬁnish my drink.
Me - It’s great seeing you again and all best. You’re friends are probably waiting
for you
I kissed her on cheek, walked out and never looked back.
I wished I felt attracted to her again. I really did.
I really wished we met at another time but she didn’t see what I saw. She wasn’t
where I was in my life back then and just because she got married to some other
guy, wanted the exclusivity and she knew I’m not monogamous, and it didn’t
work out with her marriage…for her to now see what I was saying - it doesn’t
mean it changes a thing with us.
Too much have been said and done.
I meant what I said to her. I will be her lover and friend for always but I cannot
change how I am not monogamous. If she can’t let go of the drama in changing
and ﬁxing, it’s going to be the death of our relationsip.
And that’s what happened.

For your ex…
Too much has been said and done too. Or she just wants to move on. Or there is
someone she is seeing.
Whatever it maybe, she has said what her boundaries are. She has said no and so,
you need to move on. She doesn’t want to go back to that place in time again. She
too has had enough.
Anything you do now will only create resentment. So let it go. It’s time to focus on
yourself, grow and move on.
Credit: Image from Pininterest.
28 Views · View Upvoters

What is the ﬁrst thing men look for in a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want the reality or do you want fairytale?
Reality it is..
1. The Ass. If she has an amazing tight volumptious ass, that is what the man is
going to look at. I look at ass and I am an ass man. Love ass.

Forget about mature, forget about gentleman and all the white knights going to
say to you. You will fail listening to logic. This isn’t about logic but about
emotions. The chemicals in man kicking oﬀ.
It is ass that man looks at ﬁrst.
And if she is walking in front of him…
2. Breasts (cleavage).

Then he starts checking all the rest.
Here’s the fairytale…
“It is her caring attitude, her amazing personality that we can see from a far,
bouncing up and down like amazing melons that can feed starving children. Oh
how generous she is and how her personality shines through as she speaks. Her
words ﬂows like pearls and illuminating the sky like jewels in the canopy of heavens.
See her charisma and how amazing she is..”
;)
32.4k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever had experience with women who can squirt? Do
you like women who can squirt?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes!
Yes!!

That’s all this question really deserves. Not much anyone can really say as it’s a
closed not an open question.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Pretty Zinta

Why does it make me angry that a guy, who I was not in the
least bit attracted to, thought I was feeling attracted to him just
because I was talking to him politely?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hey, don’t worry.
Give it some more years.
Then you will ﬁnd no guy is looking at you about how you think you’re value is
your sexuality and looks. And the guy’s are attractived to you but when rejected
won’t feel that bummed about it anymore.
It will soon happen.
Time will ﬂy by soon real fast and you’ll see, you won’t get any attention
whatsoever from guys and they’ll not even think how you’re attractive. Rather the
price of dating you in time and if it’s worth the comittment.
Give it some time. It won’t be long now.
You’re luckier than many men. Looks fades faster for most women who are not
rich, or born into a hot stuﬀ genetic family and got tons of money to not work to
the bone and buy rich healthy expensive food, and got time in world to relax and
even hit the gym.
Yeah, it won’t take long and then guys will see you as unattractive.
Then the guys will date younger women.
Just don’t be here complaining why older guys date younger women now, or why
no guy asked you out. Or why bad boys having all the fun even in their 40s while
you as a woman can’t get one man to settle down with.
Just lap it out, enjoy it and forget your value is your appearances because it is…
going to fade.
Hopefully you’re not hitting 30 because then it will start to change because by
that time, well, guys wonder why a woman at that age never settle ddown and had
a history of healthy relationship.
You know, some women never grow up from the fantasy of seeking the unicorn.
Value then in status goes way down because the look as well, goes way down for
women. That’s when your “market share” gets tiny.
It’s life as it is whether most like to deny it.
So enjoy it instead of getting angry about it.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to please a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah, sure…
1. Know how to give her incredible oral. Go down on her and eat her pussy so
good that her whole body is bucking from the ﬁre she feels, her legs quivering,
back is arching, her body is twisting and she’s screaming from pleasure.

2. Learn what makes her body tingle, her pussy dripping wet, her heart racing,
pounding, and start working it from top right down to her pussy and not lick
there but just nuzzle to go down to gently bite and kiss her thighs. One at a time,
tease her, up and down as you touch her pussy.
You ﬁnd out by communicating with her. Ask her and do away in being timid
about it. You need to lead as she might be worried you’ll judge her.
3. Make everytime you have sex with her so wet the fucking bedsheets are
dripping from her orgasm and sweat.
4. Get kinky. Surprise her with role play.
5. Be dominant and add some rough sex to it. Pound her fucking ass and pussy.
Pin her to the wall, look deep into her eyes and penetrate her soul and say to
her….
“You’re gorgeous, beautiful, the moment I fucking saw you, I knew I got to get to
know who are, look at you, Mmmm, fucking hot and sexy..”
6. Tie her hands and legs wide on bed. I use mouth gag as well and I bring out the
sex toys. One of them is the Wand Vibrator.

After we did 30 mins of foreplay and I eat her pussy real good, that’s when I do
the next step…
I play with her pussy using the Wand Vibrartor and she is screaming, and having
multiple orgasms, the bed sheet will be soaking wet.
Have her hand and legs tied wide.
7. The rest of the shit, any man can do but these, not any man can do it to such a
level that’s she thinking of what you’re going to do next wihle at work, for her to
feel her pussy pulsating and throbbing, her breasts swelling, nipples hardened as
you text her..
“Tonight…can you feel it, Mmmm, wait till you see what I got for you…”
And that’s when I have two blonde hot sexy babes, because I know she loves
women too. White, blonde, tall, with gorgeous curves and breasts, ass, ready to
eat other out.
8. I have a pussy remote vibrator.

My lovers puts in their pussy and while at resturant or walking, I press and you
see their face, and the body, and arms wrap around yours as they feel the high
state arousal.
So ﬁnd out every desire, fantasy she has locked inside of her, write that bucket list
and rock and roll to make them a reality.
41.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the greatest lesson you've learned?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Sep 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In all you seek when you desire a high rate of success in relationship, you must
with all you can muster, seek compatibility.
I have walked away from beautiful, gorgeous, sexy, hot women and with their legs
wide up ready to fuck because of this.
I have had women grabbing my dick, unzip and even say right there, “but what if I
am monogamous”…for me to push them out of the way, zip back up because of the
question of compatibility.
I have met them face to face even after sorting this out to be standing to hear
them confess lack of compatibility for me to end it right there.
I have had rich fathers, because of their spoilt fucking brat of a daughters who
couldn’t take a no and understand compatibility is important…wanting to get
married, throw money on table, lifestyle ready, whatever I want to say, “no,”
because “we are not compatible.”
I have gone through fucking hell with my parents in past, while daughters after
daughters from many arab families and asian families with white ivory skin
blonde hair and blue eyes…and even their parents elminated the dowery part, to
marry but I said no, due to lack of compatibility.
That I will never be, not even for the money, beauty, sex and anything else be
Monogamous. Period.

The greatest lesson I have learnt is a man of character cannot be bought with hot
women, cars, wealth, money and sex.
I’ll walk away no matter what….if compatibility is not there.
Many compromise this, many and ﬁnd themselves in unhappy relationships and
also ﬁnd sex dangled like a carrot and think like fools, love is going to be enough.
Waiting and waiting for something to change. Putting women and men on
pedestals.
Many have attracted jerks to assholes in their life and still, they fuck around
talking about long-term, love and all that bullshit.
They talk about decency, they talk about honesty, they talk about religion, they
talk about modesty but all they are are hypocrites to the highest degree in many
areas of their life but when it comes to sex they act all fucking righteous and
throw labels like promiscious, slut, whore, player, asshole, jerks. These are the
very people who are the players and jerks, and bitches.
You probably met them already, all acting righteous and cannot keep their word,
cannot be honest and all they said is alie, even their age, and you are baﬄed by
their hypocrisy.
They call it monogamous but move from one person to another when infatuation
and honey moon is over to date someone else. Always falling head ﬁrst into the
bullshit called “love.”
A person who loves themselves will get this right ﬁrst and in all areas of their life
and not just dating/relationship.
They are in the 30s-40s and still don’t grow up.
Or is it…they are not in their 30s but really 24 years old because they are lying
about everything. On quora they are 31 and on twitter they are 24, and on
facebook they are probably 19.
Still they wait…and…wait and never wake up from their bubble, the societal
programming and cultural pounding that’s deep in their unconscious.
I am not waiting for anyone to grow up.
Many stayed together and make excuses about their chidlren and make their
children go through hell because of this. They even had children as a way to ﬁx
the relationship or because “love will grow again.”
Compatibility has helped to increase the rate of success 100 tolds for me and out
of all my friends and so many I know, I am the one who still in the relationships I
developed from years back.
That is big in this world today.
In a world of fast, right now, click click, swipe swipe it is huge.
They had to go through pain again and again until they saw compatibiity is what
they need to look for.
It is one of the most powerful secret ingredient to a healthy relationship.
Without compatibility, you have already failed and you render yourself and the
other person as well through years of heart ache and pain to come.
Be responsible and be brave, and don’t expect the other person to make the tough
decision. You be that person.
You may ﬁnd they are not as strong mentally and emotionally as you. You may
ﬁnd they are on 30s, 40s but still immature to make such decisions based on

ratonale than pumped up chemicals.
No matter how beautiful someone looks.
No matter how amazing their ass and curves, tits are.
No more matter how amazing his physique or looks are.
No matter of money, of status or opportuities you will gain.
If you screw around with compatibility then you will get burnt.
You also have made the choice to say your desires, your wants, your needs, your
happiness are not important.
You have made sex and the look of that person or the status far imporant. You
have not made love far more imporant because the ﬁnal mystery of love is loving
yourself.
Someone who loves himself isn’t going to make sure this step is done because
they value their time.
I won’t expect the words of the other person who says they so like you, desire you,
want to please you, be with you for always to hold that promise.
People will tell you all sorts to get you to leave your boundaries but these people
do not respect their own boundaries, never mind yours. They will break away
moment time gets tough.
They are the very ones who make all the excuses when infatuation is gone.
People will say whatever they want at that moment of high state arousal to get
what they want, to feel it but when their hunger is quenced, and honeymoon is
over, you will ﬁnd yourself with someone who is like a stranger to you and it be
harder to move on faster due to having emotionally investing alot in the begining.
When infatuation is gone, the relationship is going to be in big trouble and there
is nothing on this planet is going to save it.
Not only do you need to seek compatibility with lovers but also in other areas of
your life, whether it is your career, your talents, your business, who to associate
with and who to befriend.
Compatibility is king and queen that gels you and the other person
together.
It is the heart of a healthy positive relationship of any kind.
You will be tested by the look, by the curves, by the physique, by the charm, by
the words, by the glitter and status of that person.
You will be measured in life by the prospect of now, this moment, the quick, and
the fast.
And life will ﬁnd you wanting because you forsake this goldern rule…
compatibility.
Save yourself a lot of heart ache, pain in the future.
Ensure you get this down ﬁrst or you open the doors to unleash so much pain,
heart ache, dissappointments and even attract people who are fucked up, who are
depressed, who haven’t had a healthy relationship in past and who pretend they
desire the same as you and lie about their experiences for you to ﬁnd out far too
late.
You will waste so much time out of your life. You can avoid so much
dissappointments and heartach with this…

Always look for compatibility.
Be brave to reveal who you really are without fear of losing that person.
Avoid being blinded by the glitter, by lust, by now, by quick and by the desire to
quench your thirst.
It’s not going to last.
You’re building your foundation on quick sound.
Even when you have lots of sex, the feelings will change and compatibility can
help you to keep that ﬁre burning high because you have a lot more between you
and your lovers.
That’s mostly due to compatibility.
If the person avoids this issue or it is back and forth, then forget trying to force a
square in a peg hole.
That is your cue to walk away no matter how attractive the person is.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

What type of people should I not trust in life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Dishonest
If they lie to you once when they connect with you especially when it’s
dating, in beginning stages about who they are and their sexual
experiences. Doesn’t matter if they say they never meant it to happen
and didn’t realise they’ll fall for you. Never trust them again.
2. Love Bombing.
Many times you will ﬁnd the speed of the infatuation is fast and they are
love bombing you, from day one, with admiration, how it’s so amazing it
happened, and “I am so lucky to ﬁnd you,2 to “what did I deserve to have
you in my life.”
The moment you hear these words, you have now found someone who
will jump ship or come to cause you harm. They are emotionally
unstable. They are revealing their true face big time to you. Listen to
your intuition.
3. They Will Tell You Who They Are
The unconscious mind is very powerful and runs los of things on
autotpolite. Don’t think manipulators are smart. They are not. It is only
because you are so into wanting to be liked, approved, validated that you
don’t see the red ﬂags and even hear what they say.
They will tell you they are liars, they manipulate, they do this and that
because one of the tricks of manipulators is to blame you for trusting
them. This is their way to remove guilt from themselves.
So pay attention to what they say and behaviour rather than the craving
to be liked and validated. This is one of the tactics also of spineless
Covert Narcissists.
4. They Mimick you
They will see much of what they aven’t got, like empathy, strong
character, lifestyle, status and sexual conﬁdent. They will mimick you
saying they are into these, they desire these and even use them to reel
you in.

This is diﬀerent to from attraction as in texting.
The diﬀerence is they’re story is not relevant to all they appear online
and in their life. If you look at me for example, go anywhere, you see
sexuality, dating, knowledge, music, and sex encompasses much of my
life. Their story is consistent. Their story isn’t.
Yes, some people worry about reputation but you at least see something
but you don’t. It’s bullshit. They are mimicking you. They ate taking your
personality and mirroring you. They have no fucking personality. They
don’t know even who they are anymore.
Make sure if they say they are high sexuals, artists, this or that…look for
solid evidence. Do your research and slow it down. Don’t go all head ﬁrst
and fall for the “love” bullshit.
5. Confession Liars.
If they tell you they are liars, immature and…yes, I had women say this to
me because they seek emotional stimulus from your outburst reaction,
probably covert Narcisssist.
6. They want validation badly
They will as you, “ooh what do you like about me.” Moment a woman
asked me that I broke it oﬀ immediately. I later found out from her
friends and even he relatives…she never had a healthy relationship. She
craved for validation and when they get it, they get bored easily and
most of all, dangle sex and a lot of things you like but they will never
follow through. I had to break it oﬀ with many women.
7. Violating Your Boundaries.
If they try to voilate your boundaries no matter how small or big. Keep a
look out as they’ll slowly know what your boundaries are and try it.
8. Unhealthy Relationships.
If you listen and hear all their relationships didn’t go well. All they do is
attract toxic people into their lives, like jerks and assholes. They haven’t
had healthy relationships in past then it’s best to move on. You’ll ﬁnd
they come with a lot of baggage, lack intimacy, emotional stability,
irritational and not great at even the basic emotional level, no sexual
experience and on lots of pills.
Their expectations and the world they believed though they know but
deny it so, still seek it is crumbling, and the fairytale of soul mate is what
in the end will make them end up alone or in a relationship that isn’t
healthy.
9. Status Hunters,
I also play down my looks big time, so I avoid women who seek status. I
say I got shit teeth and I say my body I trained is not as it was as I need to
go back to gym. Always works to get rid of women looking for status,
some guy to show oﬀ to their friends or relatives, or for facebook photos.
In fact, I’m now quiet solid, physically due to 5 times a week in gym. I
also train weekends thai boxing for cardio. Disciplined in diet food as
you got to be if you want to beneﬁt from the training.
Always when I say these words, they will say they don’t care about my
looks, they are into you BUT always it goes downhill from there to see
them repeat same pattern as others have….to self sabotage. The ones

who do follow through I know are into me for me, not my physical
aspects of my body or because I am a Bad Boy.
10. Talk about themselves a lot.
If they talk a lot about themselves in texting or face to face a lot, on and
on and on. It’s a lot of it and you’ll ﬁnd they are only looking to seek
attention and not to get to know you. They are overloading on you as no
one else wants to hear from them. They only give a shit about themselves
and not really to nurture the connection.
They’ll dissappear to ﬁnd someone else to do same and they are not
interested in building positive relationship. You’ll know how they are
because they will pound you with streams of their life story or their daily
chores in beginning and not really get to know you. They’d be a sprinkle
of questions but that’s it and then negativity starts, which means they
are now bored and will soon move on.
11. Cheaters.
If they cheated in a relationship then they’ll also do so in other aspects of
their life like work, business, and social. If they had an aﬀair, they’d have
other areas of their life they compromise. There is always a spill over
somewhere.
12.1k Views · View Upvoters

What would you think if a guy asks you out on a dating site, you
go on the date and all goes well he, he texts you afterwards and
asks you out again, then suddenly doesn't text you for 4 days
and you see he's back on the dating site for hours on end?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Good for him.
He’s doing the right thing. He’s keeping his options open and dating other
women, and seeing who to then choose to be with.
You’re too early to start thinking about exclusivity.
If you even hinted about exclusivity or made a big deal about sex the guy would
have moved on, or taking it as a red ﬂag that trouble will be in horizon. Mistake
most women do is they push for exlusivity so early on to not yet have captured
the man’s mind and heart.
Moment for example a Gemeni man knows you are trying to do that, your status,
your value hits zero because he’s a man of air, does not like to be told he is owned
by anyone never mind exclusivity so early on. That kind of guy, you got to
demonstrate you got what he cannot get out there.
That doesn’t happen by pushing for exclusivity early on as it shows to him you
have no options and something is at amiss to even talk about it so early on.
You need to do the same as well. It takes time to date someone and really get to
know if they want to be exclusive to one another.
I’m not into all this exclusive as I date multipe lovers but if you’re into
monogamy, better you don’t start creating some big picture in your head even if
you had sex.
It’s too early for that.
Even then, you needed to not hide what you feel regarding this and ask him
about it but there is nothing wrong with what he is doing.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What's the worst dating advice you've ever received?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“If women talk about their sexual experience to you, they are amazing at sex.”
Guess what?
They are fucking shit at sex.
In fact, you will ﬁnd many of them haven’t much sexual experiences and it’s all
bullshit to reel you in. When they know you’re a Bad Boy, high sexual, they will
use that and I know, they are shit at sex.
They want the experience of sex from the Bad Boy but the problem is, they get
very intimidated when time comes to meet that guy.
Down the line, they’ll start playing up with some game and in fact, as it gets close,
they then tell you they never had much experience, they nevert did this and that,
and you see all their lies and they hope you’d have empathy.
I have empathy but I close door on them because I know, where this leads to. No
fucking where. They are monagamous, lonely women needing attention and
excitement. it’s why I don’t bother with women online much and even saying to
every women that sends me messages that I am not interested immediately from
now on.
Instead, I approach face to face, in places I know there is sexual conﬁdent women
and far mor compatibility.
The worse ones I found is the ones who toot “I am sexual conﬁdent.”
Many of them are not sexually conﬁdent and found them to be insecure about
their body and very inexperienced about sex, and even shy away with
masturbating even when on their own. They will be the ﬁrst to call a guy a player
or a creep.
So next time a woman starts talking to you or sending message, ra ra about sex or
you read some amazing sexual experience, take it with a pinch of salt.
Most of it is bullshit.
Hey, I don’t mind if a woman hasn’t much sexual experiences but she must be
open minded, submissive, loves to learn and experience. That’s awesome. I don’t
mind that at all.
But those who talk a lot about it to me cause they know from what they read or
what I do, try it on and I know they got fuck all experience and just talking
fantasy. I only need to ask a few questions and I know.
I know they know only what they watched on some porn site.
What I am replused by is when they use it as a manipulation tool, which many
women do.
The Hookup culture is also bullshit.
It’s marketing for dating apps, websites and corporates who sell their
products/services. It’s all about money.
46 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make sure that the next person I invest my time,
emotions, and body with, etc. will want to be with me long
term?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can’t. It has another name.
Control of the outcome.
We have no control of the outcome.
1. If you have sex with someone. It does not determine long-term.
2. If you dangle sex like a carrot and not have sex. It does not determine longterm.
3. If someone said to you, man or woman, “choose only me and I will pleasure you,
please you, love you always.” Guess what? It’s bullshit.
They cannot hold that promise and should not give it.
You cannot own a human being soul, spirit, mind, and FREEDOM. People have
died for our freedom. People have marched against tanks. armies, corrupt
politicians so we have a choice and we do have free will.
You need to see every encounter as an experience of growth not an entitlement of
owning someone’s ass. Seek compatibility.
There will always be a risk of someone walking away.
But if you ﬁnd someone who says to you directly what they want, for real, lays
their cards on table, you just hit gold!
That person there whether you know it or don’t, whether he/she is a lover, dating
other women/men, in relationship with others or monagamous, is being honest
and upfront for a reason.
He/she understands your time and theirs, as well as feelings, emotions, mind and
body is important.
They don’t want to hurt anyone, waste anyone’s time and so they have been there
and they want to make sure you know where you stand with them and you also
need to honest from day one from you - and not back and forth.
Attracting such a person is not easy.
It’s possible but it’s not easy so when you get that kind of person appreciate the
hurt, pain, loss, journey you went through to have someone like that now to
appear in your life but if you haven’t yet learnt much, they’ll slip through your
ﬁngers as fast as they appeared before you.
Now that would be one helluva screw up because such people are rare to come by
in a world full of people wearing social masks.
In regards of long-term, you’re not entitled to that.
No one is and no one can really promise long-term because we all are growing, we
all change, and change is always happening inside of a person. A person’s value
can change over time. Their belief system can change over time.
All you can do is be upfront in what you want, desire and look for and ask the
person what they want. desire, and what they look for.
All you can do is demonstrate your best qualities, learn how to engage in a fun,
exciting, non-negative way and let them see, that a life with you is going to be
amazing.
Avoid ever trying to talk about long-term or insecurities that reveals to them your
lack of trust with that person. Focus on the moment not on trying to frame it into
a relationship because you will miss many cues, many things about this person
which can help you to ignite ﬁre inside them about you.

But if they experience negativity, drama, toxic attitude, early on because you
want to try to get some relationship or make it complicated with bargaining with
your sexuality, you will do the mistake many do and who are not in relationship
today and who havent experience healthy relationships.
You’ll push them away and they will never trust you again. As fast as they came,
they will ﬂy away.
You can only get to know the person more but you can’t predict anything in
future. You can plan things with them but you can’t expect to predict long-term
and forever together type of fairytale story.
The quicker you get a grasp of this, the more you detach from expections that will
ruin a chance for a future relationship.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best thing about life for you, right now?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Sep 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is so many to mention but I will mention just one.
My lovers showed me what real love is. Everyone of my loves from day one in
when I met them wasn’t diﬃcult.
From the very beginning it was so easy, natural, no games, to know them and sex
on the ﬁrst date. They didn’t debate about sex and problems about it. They didn’t
pound me with negativity. They didn’t try all the devaluing games when I showed
my intent.
It wasn’t hard and it wasn’t back and forth.
Instead, the moment I showed my intent and I said what I desired, they did the
same and not only that, they made it easy for me.
Not once was there a fuckup except I got the address wrong and was later for 30
mins but I did call. I am always prompt and I plan way ahead but sometimes, I
can mess up.
I have been with my lovers now for years. One lover has been with me for 18 years
and others have been with me near enough 10 and some 15 years.
From them I learnt about love, and they knew they had a Gemeni Man on their
hands. That a man is of air, you cannot contain it, you cannot trap air. I am like
the wind, I get choked, and it is not because I am against monogamy or any
relationship model.
The moment you try to even play some game, I’m gone.
Moment I close that door, it never opens again.
Ir is my nature to never be trapped, contained, owned, seen as a property or a
product and so, if woman desires equality then for real, do not desire man as to
be owned. Rather br free and do not live life to make man the centre of your life
but make your dreams, goals as the centre of your life.
They have dreams. They are high achievers. They are CEOs to leaders of large
brand companies. They are inﬂuential in the indusry they are in and yet when
they meet me, their eyes shine with love, their words sweet like pearls and their
hearts like ﬂowers blossoming for me to feel peace.
The world out there didn’t change them.
Their reality is far bigger than the bullshit out there.

As I am out in world and I experience many events in meeting women, and I see
so many fuck ups you won’t believe and toxic women, manipulative, spineless
and just fucking stupid….I meet my lovers and I see them, and my loves grows
even more for them that I want to do whatever I can to make their life easier.
I see men the same, fucking up, left right and centre. Gutless, spinles, whiny
bitches who even complain it’s the Bad Boys fault they canot attract, date and be
in relationship.
It is always someone else’s fault.
Day after day I see this crap.
I see them incredible women who are gifted in loving, strong, conﬁdent, and sexy
hot women, who have the hearts that makes you melt. They are also bad girls who
are sexually conﬁdent.
Not once did they ever let me down.
Noit even in the begining of a relatiionship and I used to wonder why but as I get
hit by women after women sending me mesages, and I see women and men out in
world, and see the games, see the bullshit, see how fucked up many are…I look at
my lovers and I feel blessed they are in my life.
I still remember how we met.
I remember how easy it was.
I remember how fun it was.
I remember how exciting it was.
I remember how adventuerous it was.
I remember how it felt and I sill feel it’s easy, fun, exciing, adventuerous and sex
is just fucking amazing. Intimacy is deep. The connection is always alive and
growing further and brightter.
So yes, I was sitting down and all my lovers talking to each other and I didn’t see
jealousy. I didn’t see possessiveness.
All I saw is love.
That’s the best thing right now in my life…
Seeing my lovers getting along together and ﬁghting to help each other when one
of them needs help.
It’s like a fucking miracle happing before my very own eyes week after week.
I see the world and I see people trying to possess, compete, do one on each other
and here I see women wanting and doing to help one another, they are only
competing to do good for each other.
They want to make each other happy and their man happy. and each other happy.
They don’t let the world get into their world.
That’s the best thing right now in my life.
Seeing real love at work before my very own eyes.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

When did you realize that you had grown up?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was with a woman who came from Sweden and as we talked in the airport we
clicked. She asked what she thought of marriage and I said I’m not monagamous.
It can work for some but not for me.
I’m not looking for the one and have lovers.
She was curious and asked more questions, some I didn’t answer and some I did.
So for two hours at the aiport we talked and she said she feels the same way. That
she has had enough of the princess fairytale.
My ﬂight came and we boarded and we landed in London 2 hours later and
exchanged numbers.
From there we communicated for a few days and again, we talked about what we
desired, wanted and even about sex and boundaries.
She seemed sex positive. She seemed she had enough of the princess story. She
seemed she left the culture and rules that dictated many into the search for the
one and this idea in possessing someone and call it love.
She seemed like a woman who doesn’t follow the crowd or deﬁnes herself with
sex and sees herself as trophy.
I met her later in Covenant Garden and we kissed immediately and she wasn’t
wearing any underwear.
As we walked, she semed she wanted it all. She seemed to understand the life I
live and she seemed to desire it so too. She seemed she had grown from the life
she said she left.
As we got to her house she undressed. The closest image I can ﬁnd to see how hot
she was and what was standing in front of me is this one..

Just before I was about to pin her to the wall, she said..
“But what if you ﬁnd the one woman, one who will serve you, be submissive always,
do all you desire, and even kneel, crawl like you are master, wouldn’t you not let go
of other lovers and just love me bexause…I feel…I can’t share you with other
women..”
She lay down on the bed, legs wide open with a devlish smile on her face. Patting
the bed.
I smiled and leaned over and looked into her eyes and said..

“There will never be, ever, one woman that can complete me. Not even you.”
I got up….
And walked out of the door to never see her again.
I knew then, I grew up,
But most of all, I knew I was getting closer to the man I have been working and
striving to become.
41.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys like easy girls?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy sees a girl as slut, whore, too easy, they are not worth the time. If a girl
does same to a guy, she is not worth the time.
If a woman doesn’t make it easy for me, I will move on.
Dating, sex, relationship isn’t suppose to be hard, a chase, a complicated process
but it is toxic people, people who are not sex positive, who got some fucked up
idea in their head there is some game to be played, that make it diﬃcult.
Many as well are not really looking to date but drama, for attention, and nothing
else but that.
So forget such men and women who make it diﬃcult, all suspicous and make it
diﬃcult because they will be very toxic in relationship anyway. They probabably
haven’t been in a healthy relationship anyway.
They do everything for validation and not really for a serious relationship and
come with some fanatasy in their head.
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe karma bites back at a narcissist? If so, why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t need Karma for Narcisssists. They are fucked up anyway so they’ll fuck
their lives up and self sabotage relationships.
Just being a Covert Narcisssist is a bitch in itself. That’s all it needs. You don’t
need Karma. They are getting it and they like to pretend they are not, but they are
getting fucked by life in all kinds of ways.
Don’t fall for their “Oh I am alright” bravado.
They create the drama, the misery, the push and pull bullshit, and always it ends
in them destroying themselves in the process. They are never happy, they are
always the victims, and always talk like a victim with crocodile tears.
They are so predictable like the four seasons.
Get a taste of a few of them and they are all the same, with same tactics, same
behaviour, same pitiful self sabotage ways, same lies, same manipulation, same
words, same everything.
It becomes so predictable that you know when one appears to block their ass for
good and move on, no matter how hot looking they are.
If you give them a second chance they’ll fuck that up too and if you give them a
third chance, they’ll use it to try to act superior to devalue.

They are really pathetic. Honestly, pathetic.
You dont need karma for Narcissists.
They got a script running in their head and that script will run through the rest of
the fucking life. They are their own enemy. You don’t need to do any revenge, any
tactic, anything but to..
1. Block them for good on everything and remove the toxic from your life.
2. Never give them a chance ever again.
3. Do not fall for the cries, victim story and how they feel this or that.
Moment you do they devalue you again but what they don’t realise, they
just proven to the person who they ﬁcking are, so well done. Now the
other person is done with them, loses interests and got some knowledge
on them as well to look out for future of them appearing.
4. Never look back and move forward from such toxic people. They got no
value to oﬀer you. None but drama, pain, misery, games, push and pull
tactics and ongoing bullshit.
Their life is misery, they bore you with the drama they create and it is so easy to
lose interest in them.
Even sex is something not even bother with..with Narcisssit as it’s not worth the
hassle, and the bullshit and drama that comes with it. They are back and forth,
like children, back and forth, and the door then slams shut on their face.
You don’t need Karma.
Life alone will deal them with the harsh reality.
It already does everyday.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if someone is "for real"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The story is the same always they always follow through, without any back and
forth, and drama. They are reliable in their words and feelings, and you don’t see
them up and down, trying to fuck your head up.
In other words, don’t look at their words but behaviour.
1. If their story changes.
2. If they’re back and forth
3. If you ﬁnd out they lie and even say they do lie.
4. If they don’t follow through
5. If they shower you with admiration again and again, and then try to
devalue you later on.
6. If they show enititlement to own your ass, own you as in wanting you to
only love them and no one else.
7. If you give them one more chance and they fuck up again.
8. You have now found someone who is not real.
You will also ﬁnd they have a past in which they haven’t been in a healthy
relationship and not in one either. They complain a lot about jerks, bad boys and
how they can’t ﬁnd that special one person.

If you know what’s good for you after you get really pissed wth them, block their
sorry asses and send them back from where they came from.
They got a lot of growing up to do.
There is a reason all their relationship doesn’t end well. Hell, it doesn’t even get
started, never mind long-term relationship.
You know someone is real by the consistency of their behaviour.
They are not consistent and they contradict their words. They will even tell you
who they are in the begining so they can behave as a victim later.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the dark side of falling in love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is 2pm, you’re not 20 years old anymore. You are 60 years old if you’re fortunate
enough to live this long and holding something someone wrote to you long ago…
“When you just stop... and look deep inside of you... and you are able to push aside
all the rules and restrictions that hold you back... you ﬁnd that you are free to look
at your own desires with eyes unclouded by the fears of others.
You can look deep inside and see that special place where you keep all your secrets.
Inside is what you desire. You can see your desires and when you see your desires,
you know that what you want is right there waiting for you to act on your desire.
Now, with me... that's quite a powerful thing.
When you see your desires clearly, maybe for the ﬁrst time, the excitement and
longing you feel is very strong. The excitement of knowing you can fulﬁl these desires
and the longing of wanting so share that experience with someone who understands
how you feel. When you allow your feelings and desires to dictate your actions... you
can look deep inside yourself with eyes unclouded by the fears of others... and now
see your true desires... and know this is something you have to experience but….you
won’t.
You won’t because you seek the unicorn, the fallacy of the one, and always when you
have this person you try to own his ass, own his soul, own his body, like a property to
ﬁnd…you are now alone again. You saw sex to get a man. You saw falling in love to
get a man.
You have no idea what love is because you don’t get a man with sex or love. You get a
life, you do it for you not to get a man or anyone.
It is to experience love, to experience the connection with someone because you love
yourself…but always you did it for the unicorn, the one, to get rather than to
edxperience and now…you are alone again…”
Only now, tired, falling for the thrill of the chase, with all who promised they’d
love no other than you, do you realise what love really is.
It is not what you was societally conditioned with and if only, you could have
escaped the cage when younger. If only you knew sex isn’t used to get anyone.
Love isn’t about getting anyone to comitt to anything. It is to experience for…YOU
and to grow for YOU and to enjoin for YOU and in doing so, the otehr can
experience YOU but always you kill attraction for the person to never see all of
you but your insecurities.
You remember that guy?
Yes, the one who lived wlld and free.

He wasn’t like the others. He didn’t lie. He didn’t say he didn’t want this or that.
He said what he wants from day one and he didn’t ask for much.
He didn’t ask to possess you as a property, nor did he promise you the future in
which only you and he will be.
He did say he is a lover.
He said if you are this person, someone conﬁdent in herself, someone who has let
go of slavery, someone who has let go of the old ways, someone who does not
need a man to possess to deﬁne her self worth, he will be your lover and friend for
the rest of his life.
He was direct more than you ever could be.
He was brash, bold and gutsy.
He did say he has no expectations except that there is compatibility, there is
kindness, there is respect for his desires, his boundaries and if you seek the same,
he will be your lover and friend.
But it wasn’t enough for you.
You believed love was this thing to get a man. You saw sex as to get a man. Every
step, every action, every word, every intereaction, every message, ever text and
phone call was always about…GETTING the MAN!
You say you hate the old ways but you became the old ways.
You said you are not cultural, do not believe in these things but you are cultural
and live those things.
You said you are wild, free and desire to be so and learn to grow but you became a
prisoner of the acient world that died long ago.
It is decaying and you did not realise it so.
You believed, if you love one person, you can’t love another because to love
another, it is suppose to mean he doesn’t love you.
Only now do you understand love is nothing but chemicals and it is but the
biological process in which it keeps two people together so the child has a
high chance to survive long enough to grow healthy and ﬂy to make his/her
own world.
Anything else is marketing to make money from you!
And you let yur own children also be poisoned by this fallacy and so the
generation to come now live the same pain as you do. Thinking love is about
getting someone, getting a man, getting a woman, geting love and if someone
loves them and not someone else, they..are..worthy.
You discover only now what love is in a relationship.
The mutual trust, the respect, the compatibility and the ﬁnal mystery of love is
you love yourself rather than someone suppose to completes you.
All men are jerks…you said.
All men are assholes.
All men are players.
But it is you who is alone, not they and not him.
It is you who played the game.

As you look down at these words today, at the age of 60 years old, you realise, it
was you who is the Jerk, the Player, the Asshole.
Even when you was 30 years old you knew you was the Jerk, the Player, The
Asshole. The bitch. You were all these rolled into one and then behaved as a
victim to use to attract more to your web of deceit.
You cannot turn back time.
You cannot go back.
You cannot be young again.
Gone are these days for you to even get rid of these wrinkles, sagging tits and
ass….and you cannot blame the world.
Nor can you blame it’s social constructed rules, nor the norms, nor religion, and
cultures because time and time again, the lover has always opened the steel
curtain to see the reality but you was afraid to let go of all that you thought
deﬁned you.
Time and time again you had access to know like everyone else.
Time and time again you met pioneers who educate about such things but you
read only to manipulate rather to be free.
You couldn’t let go of what it will lookm like to mummy, daddy, relatives, friends
and facebook friends and your social peers.
You wanted to ﬁnd a man, like a dog, show him and show him oﬀ to all you and
show how you was a good little girl.
You couldn’t let go of trying to measure yourself to society standards of what a
“good woman” needs to be.
Even when you was at school you measured guys with other girls as 5, a 7, a 8 and
10 and bullshit everyone else you are so diﬀerent to everyone else, and how you
don’t see a man looks and appearances.
You even went so far to believe in your own bullshit.
You couldn’t let go of this hunger for attention, for emotional stimulus and on
went the games, and one by one they grew tired of your games, and turned into
ﬁght mode or ﬂight mode, to dissappear from you.
In all you tried to keep, it slipped away.
You’re children if you had any grown and ﬂown away and busy with their life. You
thought that was your job, to look after them but no.
You’re job you had is gone and you thought for all your life, you’d work in that
industry or that company, but it’s gone.
You’re beauty, you’re ass, your tits, your smooth face, you thought men will
always pursue you but no. You walk on this earth and not one man takes notice or
if they do, well, they are not the one who got away.
The man of status you tried to chase while someone closer who loved you for you,
are now gone.
Everything you thought as love or as what deﬁnes you is gone or torn, or broken,
or no much use.
And there, in that darkest moment of your life you realise the dark side of falling
in love.
You never really fell in love with any man.

How can you?
You never really loved yourself.
You fell in love with the chase.
You fell in love with the thrill. You fell in love with an idea of what love is suppose
to be.
You fell in love with the unicorn…
You fell in love with the promise you learnt from cultures, superstitions,
Hollywood, Bollywod, romance novels and magazines, mummy, daddy, friends,
your own environment, and all were selling you how love is about getting a man,
getting a woman, getting a relationship, getting.
You fell in love with the lie that when you ﬁnd the one…when you GET the one,
when you get a relationship…you are now…successful.
You fell in love with control, possessiveness and jealousy.
You fell in love with nothing more but your ego and ego is all fear based, an image
to project to the world.
The false image.
The image packed with lies, deception to yourself and to all around you, that you
don’t even know who the fuck you are anymore.
This time, you have no time to learn but to accept your fate.
You were never free to experience all you desire because…
You always been a slave to love.
You never…loved…at all.
How could you.
You never loved yourself enough to realise no man can complete you, no woman
can, and no relationship model can.
The ﬁnal mystery of love is…self love.
26.8k Views · View Upvoters

What things are not important in life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Sep 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are many inventions we have in society, from religion, cultural and due to
the capitalism in which you ﬁnd yourself chasing the unicorn.
1. Seeking the One Vs Growth
The world you love is constructed with lots of beliefs, come from fairytale stories,
religion, culture and most of all, from trying to control society. This is why it is
diﬃcult for many to detach from this search for the one, the soul mate and always
trying to slap a label on every relationship.
The unicorn you are looking for doesn’t exist.
You’re going to ﬁnd out the easy way or the hard painful many heart breaking
ways.
By the time you are 40 you have screwed it up and if you’re a woman at that age,
believe me, it is fucking hard ﬁnding a man to settle at that age. Being 25 is

already going to be diﬃcult for you if you’re still looking for the unicorn, prince
charming, the one to settle down.
That needed to be done when you was younger when man grows with you with
memories but due to the tendency to do things to frame the relationship,
labelling it, you ﬁnd yourself never being able to really know man to show you’re
diﬀerent than rest. Instead he sees you’re like every wman he meets…
Still looking for the one, the soul mate, afraid, possessive and worried on how he
can love another woman, and by loving another woman you think it means he
doesn’t love you.
The words are..
“I need himf or myself.”
Like he’s a product, an item, a dog, an annimal to have all for yourself. That alone
pushes many women to try to ensure at early stage to use sex, dangle it like a
carrot and when THEY THINK they got the man, they talk about long-term, they
talk about who they REALLY are, and that’s when the man realises..she was
gaming him not getting to know him.
He then gets pissed and leaves her and sometimes even before meeting and
having sex, without her realising, he…acttually saw a future with her, to be her
love and friend but…he now feels unsafe.
If she can do that now she can trick him into being pregnant and so he leaves,
tells her to fuck oﬀ and grow the hell up.
She now has a story on how men are jerks and maybe a new story to entrap
another man with her games, and yet call other men players, bad boys, jerks,
asshole when really, she played the game.
Most of time it is really a self sabotage process and the man saw he red ﬂags early
on and nothing but a discard technique, and by time he blocks her, she has
already unfollowed him online, ready for some new guy.
By the way, most of these women are not sexual at all. They lie to men and use sex
and if they get the man, they’ll with-hold sex but really they are fucked
physchologically and biological to desire sex.
She didn’ change. She was like that before the man met her but it was hidden and
the few times man has sex wth her, was just to reel the guy in to quickly try to now
label the relationship.
Well, they are in a panic.
Aged 25,30,40 and no children and haven’t yet settled so now it’s full throttle
ahead to get a man and babies, and settle down.
Their biological clock is ticking fast.
Most men by then are not looking for relationship with a unicorn.
We’re not looking for the soul mate. We’re not looking for the one. We are not
going to bother with jealousy and possessiveness.
We grew up.
Age 30, 35, 40 and some still seeking the unicorn.
If you’re man, the same applies.
You realise now, no one can complete you and that putting your whole life on a
man or a woman for that matter is your worst mistake in relationship after trying
to plan, predict, frame, manipulate to game a long-term relationsip.

Yes, “someone to complete me,” is not important.
Women lke that are dime in a dozen and they are fucking everywhere. Mostly
every woman trying to trick and trap man into exclusive relationship.
And then call men players.
The unicorn is not important.
What is, you creating your own purpose, own life, own goals, so big that you do
not have the time for jealousy and being possessive.
2. Seeking love is not important. Loving yourself is.
Every connection you make with someone you desire isn’t an “every
opportunity,” to seek the one, to fall in love to possess, to label, to control because
you haven’t learnt to love yourself,
Loving yourself is the ﬁnal mystery of love.
Probably that is why many men and women run because you are still seeking the
love, the unicorn, the one, who will complete you, rather who you will GROW
with, learn with, spread your wings and discover the ﬁnal mystery.
Probably why all these relationships were is is “how to get a man/woman to
keep,” rather “how can I grow to be the person I desire to achieve a worthwhile
dream, a goal and a life in which I need no one to omplete me.”
Instead, that mentality burns bridges and bridges in which you can grow, learn
from someone instead of seeking love, you love yourself, instead of the future
expectations that put people on other to see the one they were attracted to
switches into a ﬁght and ﬂight mode.
They get really pissed of with you and angry at the hurt you leave due to trying to
cage someone, possess them, put a label on them.
It is the expectations that really fucks it up.
It’s alright to want to be treated with respect. It’s ﬁne you want to be loved in a
way that you give and so does the person.
But putting expectations like you control fate, you control destinty, you think you
are God Almighty, if you believe in him, to predict, to even have the audacity to
think you can keep a person like a product you buy when you go window
shopping, as you measure with the rule in your head how big is his dick, how
tight is her ass, how he got this or that.
All of which will also not last forever and has a short time span.
To even think they’ll stick around after you take them on some wild goose chase
rollercoaster because you’re afraid of being in a relationship anyway, so how
about we just fuck it up anyway and pretend we didn’t know.
3. Making the same mistake over again
Life gives us feed back. If you’re attracting jerks and women who bring nothing
but drama, it is saying something if it happens again and again, and over again.
When badass men/women walk away from you again and over again, and all they
hear from you is “sorry,” well, it is not about sayimng sorry to them.
You need to say sorry to yourself, for third of your life is gone and still, you make
the same mistake over and over again.
Making mistakes, the same ones are not that important.

What is, is learning from them and a person who cannot learn from their
mistakes is a person who loves and enjoys to be a victim, ﬁnds comfort in that
and is terriﬁed of success.
So terriﬁed they believe in their lie..
“Oh I can never ﬁnd a person like my ex or like that guy.”
You’re right!
You can’t.
Everyone is diﬀerent.
Everyone grows on diﬀerent levels and speed.
If you think you can keep making mistakes and saying sorry to them, you can
forget it. Once is really enough but twice, third time is just pushing it too far, and
well, most people do and cry like a bitch..
“How can I get him/her back?”
YOu never had that person in ﬁrst place. You only had you and took care of only
you, and used, abused only for you.
You’re not going to ﬁnd that same person again. It’s done.
It’s over.
Even if they came back, you really think that person will ever be the same? Do
you really think they will trust you like they did before?
They’ve changed.
That pain, that dissappointment, that mistake you did has changed them too.
That person will never be the same when their heart is broken. They will never be
that guy or girl you knew.
That is why you got to ﬁgure it out and stop making that same mistake. It’s not
important and it doesn’t make you important to make that mistake over again so
you can tell a story in your mind..
“Oh see! I will never be loved.”
“Oh men are all the same.”
“Oh women are all the same.”
“It’s bad boys fault, players fault.”
“Oh I didn’t know.”
You’re not going to ﬁnd that great master lover you messed with and he walked
away. You’re not going to ﬁnd the woman who gave you all she got and it wasn’t
enough for you to now want her back.
You’re not going to ﬁnd the one who got away, again.
You’re not going to ﬁnd the same honest person again.
They have changed the moment their hearts were broken. The moment they were
let down. The moment they cried.
The moment they felt they realised, “I don’t know this person anymore.”
Those moments come once in your life time and if you’re fortunate enough,
twice.
If you, right now, count the BEST FRIENDS on your hand, you probably couldn’t
count 3 you can really depend on with your life.

Go on, try it.
Say “I am losing my house, I need a place for me and my children and partner for
6 months. Can we stay at your place?”
Go ahead, be my guest and start counting who really got your back covered.
It is even when it comes to ﬁnd a lover who just loves you, gives, wants to share
the good, wants to pleasure you, wants to just makes you happy and in return you
do the same without this need, desire for possessing each other.
It’s rare ﬁnding such people and to fuck up once is ﬁne, to fuck up doing the same
thing is getting a bit asburd, to fuck up the third time and walk through third of
your life still doing the same mistake is…insane!
Making the same misake..isn’t important.
4. The Replay Button Isn’t Important
Because…this life is not a movie.
It does not replay when it is over.
There are no sequels.
Making the same mistake over and over again comes with a heavy price. it will
ruin your mind, your health and even your sexual drive.
You lose a lot of time
You want to apologise to someone?
Apologise to yourself and explain why you still believe and chase the unicorn.
You’d be surprised if you’re honest on the answer.
It’s not “because I can’t change.”
It’s not “because it’s what it is.”
It’s not “well, nothing I can do about it.”
It’s “I got a choice.”
That is what life is about. Making choices and you made that choice because it
looks good for someone else.
How about you make a choice that’s all about you and your growth and screw
what it looks like to everyone else?
It’s not heroic doing the same mistake over and over again.
Especially when you’re in our 30s, or 40s. single and asking..
“Why can’t I ﬁnd someone to love me?”
Because you haven’t loved yourself yet.
You’re chasing unicorns, have these expectations, got it in your mind there is the
one, soul mate and you got to possess that person because that person now
makes you feel you got value instead of seeing growth.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know when a woman wants sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m always direct. I ask for it.

Yes, that is really it. I ask for it and I love asking for it too. I got this down so
fucking good you won’t believe but also, the women who I attract are conﬁdent,
had enough of bullshit and just want clear communication.
I love that a lot. It’s attractive.
The woman will know immediately because..
1. I am not a passive guy. I behave as a lover from day one. This is one of the
biggest mistakes people do. They act passive. They act all manipulative, hiding
their intent of fear of being judged. I don’t care. I know who I am, what I want and
I’ll as for it but most of time, I’m vert good at attracting women who are very
sexual and same mindset. That’s a skill of it’s own.
2. If a woman acts all insecure or shows any negative about sex or she does what
most wmen do, talk negative about herself, and reveals values that really show
she’s someone who isn’t consistent, someone who is always seem to be on ﬂight
mode, who always looking for shiny object which means she gets bored to not
even follow through but wants attention….I disengage.
I know who to also avoid very fast and if you listen you’ll hear them say what you
need to know and they themselves don’t realise. Sex is great but you want to also
ensure you’re not talking a woman who just wants some attention. They waste
your time .
3. If a woman isn’t replying directly or acting all that, or suddenly she has become
silent, I don’t care how busy she is or she is getting serious with asing serious
long-term questions already without us having met, had sex and asked in
beginning inital stages… I know she’s not for me.
I’m moving on. She just told me she’s not who she says she is and also she’s not
really open minded about sex sex positive. She’s an attention seeker who wants
some guy she saw has high status and wants attention, that is it. It always reveals
by her in minutes of her conversation, or later in conversatsion to self sabotage.
Her unconscious has betrayed her without her realising it so.
I want sex positive mindset not someone who is immature about sex sees it as
some prize and trophy. I want sex with a woman who can diﬀerentiate the
diﬀerence from sex and relationship, she is not monogamous, she has healthy
relationships even if we won’t end up in a relationship and it’s just sex
3. I use direct words but in a way that’s emotional, and she picks up easily,
because it’s direct but done in a way to arouse that I always hear..
“I’m so turned on right now? You nearby, in city. I want you to fuck me so bad right
now. I’m so wet!”
Or face to face, she already knows because..
4. I say it so fucking blatantly…
“See you at (place) and (time) and wear nothing underneath.”
Or she will say, “I’ll be wearing…nothing underneath. I want you so fucking bad.
Just please don’t let me wait anymore, please..”
I don’t mess about acting all cool about it and I don’t know what the hell most
people follow and do, but I just as directly.
I also know how to escalate from A, B, C and forget D, because she is already in
submissive position, ass up, ready for me to fuck her ass. Or legs wide on bed and
there we go.
And I also don’t put women on pedestal due to their hot looks. If I ﬁnd she is not
what I am looking for and feel from her words and behaviour, something is

wrong, something is just not right, I will walk away.
So you got some learning to do if you don’t even know how to get a woman
wet by just talk alone.
I don’t even have to ask 99% of time.
They are already grabbing my dick and it’s in their mouth or riding me cowgirl
style. They can’t wait when we meet but that’s because of what we both did from
begining, in being direct.
This way before you meet, you got all things out of way, what she desires, wants,
positions, health, and same wth her asking you.
It’s very mature, grown up and sexy being conﬁdent about sex and not being
ashamed about it. It’s incredible when you meet women like that who just want a
man not some pussy, hovering about twiddling his thumb and being passive
about it.
You got to lead and show some balls.
11.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I avoid a guy who makes any excuse to meet me every
day? He says he just thinks of me as a friend, but his actions
prove that he expects more.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t need to avoid anything.
You set boundaries and take responsibiity for your actions not his.
You say “no.”
You remind him you are only friends and you got a life. Prioritise your life and
take responsibility for your own actions and just..avoid being covert about it.
Speak your mind and stick to…your..own..boundaries.
You can only control that not him.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it mostly important for men that the woman is attractive to
them, or the woman is generally attractive and ﬁts the ideal
standard of beauty?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally for me, she is attractive to me. I don’t care if she has some things that
may worry her like she might feel she’s oversized, or she might feel she’s too tall,
or she might feel she got scars on her body from operation, or she might think
blah blah blah, or she has sex with 50 men, or she is poor and so on.
I don’t care if I am attracted to her.
That’s what is personally important to me instead of ideal standard of beauty.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I only date men who keep chasing me relentlessly for a long
time. Why do they turn abusive once I start dating them?
Shouldn't they treat me well because they worked hard to get
me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The play hard to get is abusive in nature. You show disinterest, devalue the guy to
get him to chase, and so you attract the abusive ones, and believe me, deep down
at their core being, they already decided to punish you if they ever get you and
have sex with you by leaving you after sex.
But when you meet a conﬁdent guy, a badass bad boy, who got life going for
himself, and he has high self image, he won’t be chasing.
He will do this..
1. Be direct with you in his intent
2. He will ensure attraction is mutual
3. If you mess up here, if you show no attraction and any hint of wanting
him to play the game so you feel important, or insecure about your
sexuality, then he will move on. He won’t shout, he won’t belittle you, he
will just say he doesn’t do those games. You are either in or not and if
you’re reply again shows you want to be chased, he’ll say his goodbyes
and move on.
That type of guy is a guy who has options.
Meaning, he has many hot women, and he doesn’t have to be hot good looking
because he oozes with high self esteem and conﬁdence. He is a master of women,
and life in general. He has a lot going for him.
Of course, he isn’t going to fuck everyone woman he attracts nor date, but it gives
him the wide choices to do what many men cannot do. He can choose to say no if
any woman screws around with him with the games.
He’s the domainant man. The Masculine. The go getter. The one who is fearless in
approaching women, says what he desires, what most women call creepy while
many women call “fuck yeah!”
In fact, women online approach him, desire him, married women, single women,
women got boyfriend, all kinds of women, and he can choose who to date, who to
be with, who to have sex, who to have relationshp with.
If you even hold back while he gives, say bye, bye to this guy because when he
ﬂies, he probably will never come back again. It’s gone. He has moved on and you
are left standing with no explaination, no remorse, no apology, nothing and he
doesn’t give a damn because the women who did that didn’t give a damn until he
is gone.
You cannot get this man by the chase nor holding back.
You only can by being yourself and saying your intent and being upfront. You can
only arouse this man to feel you by being upfront of your desires of you wanting
him and saying why - and - he will do the same too.
You only got 5–10 minute with this guy face to face, or less.
If he ﬁnds out by your behaviour then or afterwards, you’re like cave woman and
cave man, wanting some chase, well, forget it. He moves on.
He knows the patterns. He’s versed in psychology. He understanda every game
and script replaying in people’s mind. He’s that experienced.
Online, you only got one-two messages.
You screw up and it is done. He moves on. He is busy, has dreams, goals, battling
in world and last thing he will do is chase a woman.
He doesn’t see you as a trophy and then, he becomes one too. He doesn’t see you
as the prize, as then…he sees himself as that too. He just wants down right raw

honesty and he will even mention any of his ﬂaws because he knows, when
infatuation is gone, if all it was is pedestal pumping, well, it will lead to nowhere
anywhere but if it’s real, if she knows all she needs before meeting, even his ﬂaws,
he knows she’s special, very diﬀerent than the rest who look for the…unicorn.
He’s not…abusive.
He believes in justice.
He believes in honesty.
He believes in just saying what you want and how you want it. Laying all cards on
table like grown ups.
He believes in fast, right now, this minute.
But he’s a Bad Boy never the less. He doesn’t follow anyones dating rules but his
own. He doesn’t careless what norms or social peers say about what and how to
do things.
He is the Suoperior Man.
The man who has evolved to such, you will never get a resturant meal before sex.
Sex ﬁrst and then resturant. All of anything that shows any kind of making
woman or man trophy is removed.
Superior as in he believes people of maturity don’t need to follow any dating rules
and can just be upfront, honest and clear in saying “FUCK YES or FUCK NO.”
Truth ﬁrst or move on.
No one can control the outcome of relationship and he means to spread that
message far and wide to ant who approach him.
The message..
“The days are over when you think you have control and power of sex selection.
Either we are equal or not. No more games. Let’s both be mature about this and let
go of this power struggle and just get the fuck on with it. We’re missing a lot knowing
each other with these games…”
You don’t want to get abused?
Then stop being abusive yourself in devaluing men by playing hard to get. It’s
immature. It’s not productive and it sure doesn’t attract high quality men who
cannnot stand these games.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Girls want you to be able to impress them, but how far should
you go before you give up?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, girls don’t want to be impressed.
They want to FEEL alive, aroused, pussy dripping wet when talking to you,
breasts swelling, nipples hardened the feeling they feel when they hear from you,
in which they desire you, crave for you.
They don’t want to be impressed.
Any idiot, any can tell a woman is beautiful but not any man can make her feel
her heart pounding, racing faster and faster by what he conveys to her to such,
even his own ﬂaws are purrfections to her.

It’s about how she feels and that doesn’t come from impressing her but rather
arousing her, for her emotions to ﬂy, for her imaginations to be ignited, for her
her body feel an amazing rush shoot through her entire body, like electrict bolts
shoot up and down, and knowing it is due to thinking of you.
Feelings not supplication,
She has to be attracted to you ﬁrst and so you need to have her show that she is
attracted to you, know how to do so, or forget it. Nothing you do will mean much
when it comes to attraction.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

You text him after his game to see if he's free, he's not so he says
he'll see about next week. It's next week and I haven't gotten
anything, what's wrong here?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not that interested in you.
You’ll know if he is because he won’t say “he’ll see about next week.” I don’t say
shit like that if I am attracted to a woman.
I will say, “I can’t this week but how about next week, monday or wednesday
7pm?”
And I wll be texting her, keeping ﬁre alive until we meet and she’ll be doing the
same too.
That’s how you know a guy is interested and even then, it’s really about this one
simple question..
“How do you want to be treated when a man is into you?”
If that’s the bar you raised, well, it’s very low.
It doesn’t matter if someone hasn’t social skills, shy, blah blah. I learnt. I fucking
grew and so if someone else isn’t assed to grow and learn, not my problem.
Raise your bar higher and wait for no guy who cannot be assed to put eﬀort in.
One who puts eﬀort in even he is ﬂying all over the fucking world, is gold. You
want action. You want a leader. You want a guy who says..
“FUCK YEAH” and he hears you say “FUCK YEAH! too.
When you get that kind of guy, believe you got some hot stuﬀ coming, and he’s
not pissing around and playing games with you - AND - it’s gong to be fun,
exciting and incredible experience.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do all guys only like pretty girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s your mind over thinking.
You got this covered. You can do this. You know you can and you know why it’s
not happening.
It’s not because you’re ugly or this or that.
You need a diﬀerent approach. If one approach doesn’t work, ﬂip it and try a new
one. Keep trying. Never give up on yourself
You know why?

Because you’re too good to do that to yourself.
Get out there, be a bad ass and put your head up high and say..
“I got this!”
And make it fun.
Go on. Intimidate these guys. Go and approach, Smile. Talk like you own the
whole the fucking town.
Just go and talk, fun, detach from outcome and getting a yes or no. Forget that.
Just go and talk and have fun. Don’t make it hard for yourself with over thinking
and you’ll start to notice things, and start to know how to ﬂirt as you converse
and start to know how to get the guy turned on to see you from inside.
So get your jacket on. Bang that fragrance on. Do your hair.
Look in mirror and say..
“I own this fucking town. I’m going to have fun with this.”
Then go out and have fun.
They wn’t know what hit them when you come at them. Smile and intimidate
them and just have fun. Be a tease. Be a ﬂirt for a bit. Let go of being serious about
it.
Be like a Gemeni!
That the world is in the palm of your hands and you’re going to just have fun. If
anything happens, awesome, if nothing, awesome.
4k Views · View Upvoters

We've been together for 2 years and both of us are virgins. She
doesn't want to have sex with me and it’s really taking a toll on
me. What am I supposed to do? Is there something wrong with
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with you.
Nothing wrong wth her.
This is a compatibility issue.
She dangles sex like a carrot and uses that as manipulation to survive. To shut
you up because she feels guilty about it but when time comes, she says no.
You don’t want her to be in that position as it hits her self esteem as well and you
need to take action in realising that you’re both not compatible if you want sex.
You can’t stay hoping it changes.
It works for her.
It doesn’t for you.
You can only control your own decisions and actions.
Love is not enough.
I would never be in a relationsip where a woman is not sexually and physically
attracted to me. I don’t give a fuck if she’s hot, love and all that. That’s not me.
That’s not how I am. That’s not going to give me pleasure, happiness but sadness.
I am not going to forsake my happiness for anyone.

Plus it will harm her as well because it wll create anxiety for both of us. That’s
why I always let woman know I am high sexual and desire compatibiity. If I see it
not there, it’s best to move on.
Or if changes of dynamic happens with sex, it’s time to move on.
Sure there are some compromises as there is give and take. You know, in
relationships but there are things you can’t let be.
Tihs is one of them.
You are wasting your youthful years, your precious commodity- time, which is a
huge resource for anyone to give to a woman who doesn’t see you sexually
attractive because you cannot see the reality that you are both not compatible.
It needs one person to have the balls to make the tough decisions.
She isn’t going to.
You have to be the one. The leader. The one who takes his life seriously and who
knows what he wants and decides enough is enough. It’s no one’s fault but now
the dynamics have changed and it’s not for you.
Make the decision this is not enough for you and move on.
Let her know you are moving on and move on.
If you have been with each other for a while, so you can break up in an amicable
way, give no excuses, say you’re move on. She already knows why, no justifying,
explaining.
Stay as friends if you wish but give no hope. Move on, give at least a year to heal,
grow, learn, make new friends, go out, socialise, pack your life with your passion
and interesr and do not spend time orbiting around her.
No back and forth.
You are taking her Psychological and bioloigical stance and this will screw you up
soon, it already is, psychologically, your self esteem hit rock bottom, and your
sexual drive in time will also hit rock bottom.
Love is never enough.
You cannot complain, that she said she loved and how you give her this and that
when she breaks up to have sex with a guy on same day or week.
You decided to forsake your happiness, your self esteem, your pleasures for
someone who sees you as not sexually attracted. You have no control of other
people’s decisions and actions except yours.
You take responsibility for your own decisions and you know you’re in a place
that is shit for you, that hurts, that’s dragging you down. It is also dragging her
down because she has to lie, manipulate and do all those games. She doesn’t want
sex.
Even if you lose weight, doing it for sex, well, not a good idea. You do it for
you to be healthy and ﬁt because next she be saying it’s something else and
so on.
This is a compatible issue.
Make a strong decision.
Put yourself ﬁrst for now and grow.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Will boys lose interest in a girl after having sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That depends on the guy.
Own your sexuality, set boundaries and blame no one for your choices.
1. Know what you want
2. Be clear on what you want in a guy
3. Say it to the guy.
4. Say your boundaries but politely.
5. And you got the power as well as the guy, to say no
Let me explain if you want to know why I wrote the above..
For example, even though I have many women interested and I approach many,
and I got many options, it doesn’t mean I fuck every woman I am attracted to or
wll date every woman.
It means I have options.
When I have sex wth a woman, I know we cannot control anything. That sex does
not deﬁne her and nor does it with me.
But also, women call guys players, etc, but really they are say8ing his..
“I want to be in power and control of sex selection.”
Most can do that wth needy men and men wo cannot control their emotions and
put women on a pedestal. Men who have no options and yet behave like white
knights calling other men players to get validation from women.
Me, I’d walk the fuck away when I know this is the agenda because I don’t believe
in being able to control the outcome of relationsip happening.
No one can but I have to be honest to woman.
I am a high sexual. If no sex we are done.
I don’t care if world calls me a jerk, assole, cocking fucker or bastards. It is ﬁne.
That is their opinion. Their reality. I had a diﬀerent reality too way back in past. I
was also had diﬀerent perception for many things too but through knowledge and
experiences my mind opened further.
So I understand, I know why this happens. It’s ﬁne.
When I have sex with a woman, i wll have ensured I am attracted to her and she is
to me, and lustful but most of all…….I ensure, I love her personality.
Why?
Because I like relationsips too. I like romance. I like to ensure if there is a
possibility we click even more, well then, relarionship in horizon but…I cannot
control that and nor can any woman.
It’s ﬁne if relationship doesn’t happen but I will not be passive about what I see,
why I am attracted and that I am not sexual when I am.
So why not, make sure I am attracted to her personality as well!
I found this to work amazingly well for me.
However, we know the world is also full of diﬀerent kinds of people and sure, we
all wear masks, we all not always honest and even with ourselves sometimes, and

make stupid decisions and choices.
It’s human nature and you and me, and everyone cannot control that.
But what you can do for yourself is this amazing way…
Own your sexuality, set boundaries and blame no one for your choices.
1. Know what you want
2. Be clear on what you want in a guy
3. Say it to the guy.
4. Say your boundaries but politely.
5. And you got the power as well as the guy, to say no.
So take responsibility of your own sexuality and don’t juddge guys for walking
away if they say no because you said no to sex. Also avoid judging girls who desire
to have sex with guys.
Since you got the choice, free will, so has the guy.
That way you empower yourself.
You decide but also accept whatever happens. If a guy walks, he walks. He is not
judged. If you walk, you walk, you’re not judged.
Sex then cannot be used as a tool and no one can control the outome of dsating to
be a relationsip, even after sex
You can only live in the reality and set boundaries and know there is always a risk
people wll walk out of your life.
No one has control over that.
Learn thar now, when you are young, and you will live a positive sex life and a life
of maturity and of taking responsibility for one’s own actions. You will; avoid so
much heartache and pain.
You cannot take responsibility of someone else’s actions.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do I need to be envious of guys who have sex?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development

Answered Sep 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sex and how much sex you get, how many women you date, how many lovers,
how many anything, does not deﬁne you.
You don’t need to envy anyone.
If you want to learn about conﬁdence, if you want to increase your social skills, if
you want to know how to do what one does, then reach up.
Make friends with those guys, don’t compete but connect and in time you will
have fun, exciting friends who will help you along.
I don’t go around competing with anyone.
We just share our knowledge, skills, experiences and people do what they ﬁcking
will with it. Not interested in convincing or debates.
No time for that.
But if you want to learn, just reach up.

If I see someone do something better than me in any skills, I will reach up, which
is what I did for years. I didn’t go and ask them to give.
I found out ﬁrst what I can do that beneﬁts them and gave that and in return,
mutual beneﬁt I got back what I needed and really, far more. I helped ﬁrst for a
while so they saw I am diﬀerent than anyone else, taking..taking..taking.
Sex does not deﬁne you. Nor does it with any woman.
Your battle is not out there.
You’re battle is within yourself.
That is what winning really is.
It’s not how many girls you fucked. It’s not about fame. It’s not how popular you
are. It’s not how much money you got.
It’s about how you face your own demons, and win from the inside to be able to
then achieve what you want in life, which by the way, is not easy but the way we
guys do it, is far easier than the bullshit you learn in school, college and universiy
when it comes to self awareness.
Especially when you meet the real world.
Sure you’ll have techie skils.
Sure you’ll have some awareness of industry.
But in the real world if you haven’t got your shit together from inside, know how
the world works, know it’s the social dynamics, have conﬁdence and know for
real how to develop conﬁdence, know how to get from A to B to C….the world…
will…pound you to the ground until you feel your life is nothing.
No one is going to come to save you.
No one has time for the whiny bitch, guy or girl.
No one is going to give a shit how many you fucked, how many you didn’t, how
you failed, lost and feel down.
It will care about this..
“How much value can you bring to the person’s life, to the group, to the
company, to the clients, to…the world you live in.”
The only way you can ever bring value with stellar eﬀects, with incredible
personality, charima and magnetic attitude is you got to know yourself inside out
or the world will and if it thinks it knows your weak..it will try to bring you down
piece by piece, until it eats your spirit alive.
You got to know yourself.
The reason is, it is easy to hide in the crowd but the moment you step out of the
crowd, be ready for the wolves, the jackyalls, the snakes, are coming for you. They
will come from every rock, every direction and you got to be that Lion.
You know how it is with lions?
The little animals come to eat the meat the Lion caught.
The lion lays there, not interested. It’s ﬁne.
Enough for all. It’s cool.
Then the other animals see that, and so the Hyena’s come and start trying it on
and nip the lion leg here and there.

He’s calm, he’s doing his own thing.
He’s the King of his jungle.
BUT the Hyena’s the Jackyalls, the monkeys and others think because he didn’t
do anything, he must be a coward,.
He must be weak or hurt.
He must be hiding away from something.
So now they all come in a crowd, going for the Lion and that is the biggest fucking
mistake they make.
Because NOW…the Lion rips through the Jungle to remind then, who is the King
of his Jungle.
He goes for them and has no mercy and they all run, in panic and learn a hard
lesson.
Don’t fuck with the King of the Jungle.
He has nothing to lose. They do.
They hold on to these external validations and fear losing it.
In fact, they all worry what it looks like to mummy, daddy, their tribes, their
followers, friends, pals, co-workers and their lovers.
The Lion doesn’t hold onto these as what deﬁnes him.
He has nothing to lose and that’s why he is strong. He is a challenge. He is
challenging the status quo by just doing his own thing.
He doesn’r care about popular, or lose this and that.
He will bank all and he knows they fear losing their status because it is all
nothing but perceived value but he…has BOTH.
He has perceived value and absolute value,
He got his shit together.
He is a Lion.
Be the King of your Jungle.
Forget all these distractions on who achieved what, and who fucked who and so
on. Make your value solid not built on sand.
A man does not centre his life around women and great women, do not centre
their life around men, but they have a greater purpose, and yes, they’ll date,
they’ll fuck, be in relationships but they bring a heaps of value to the world we
live in.
They got their own Jungle and their eyes are on their own journey.
What does your journey look like or how you want it to be?
They see their own horizons instead of looking at someone else’s horizon and
movie to then envy. They are excited about their own life, own goals, own
horizon.
Be that person.
That you don’t envy anyone but celebrate their life.

That you don’t be jeaous of anyone but celebrate their achievements, their
grades, their struggle and their dreams.
That you are excited about our own horizon.
Your own Jungle and not be distracted and be ready, for the Jungle to come at
you and when they do, be strong.
Make your reality far stronger because all it is about is getting attention from you.
Everything around you is going to try to get attention.
Don’t envy.
They are your kindred spirits.
Smile like a Lion and look at your own Horizon, build your own Jungle and
envion it how it needs to be and get to work doing that.
Let go of envy,.
It is but ego, fear based.
You’re far better than that to ever think you’re not worthy of whatever you want in
life to waste energy that can be used to build your own Jungle.
Be a Lion/Lioness
The king/queen of your jungle.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Dating books say if you “showering a girl with love" that it
demonstrates that you are “of low value”, but does this change
and become a good idea once you are in a relationship? Might
she also feel she has been “put on a pedestal”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is not as much as low value though these words can be used.
But we got to appreciate mate, that doing that to a woman who hasn’t shown any
interest, who hasn’t shown she is attracted to the man, and she hasn’t
emotionally invested, is stupid.
It’s like some guy following Hollywood nonsense and romance books. The guy
forgets there is a process to everything.
She’s not just pussy and ass, and tits and if a guy does that, well, how does it make
her feel?
It will make her feel shit.
For some women they’ll take all that and fair enough,
But this is what I am saying and always have said..
You got to ensure attraction is mutual and balanced. It is a process and you
cannot buy attraction, you cannot buy aﬀection, you cannot buy love. You can’t
buy any of these.
There is no reason to try and convince a woman about attraction.
It is there or not.
The key is she must show attraction as well and if she doesn’t, and expects a guy
to chase, buy her aﬀection, play the clown, then she is not the one and she will
not value you.

Attraction is not a choice but it does not mean what most mean.
It means, attraction, chemistry, desire is not magic. It is a process and so the more
you know in specialised knowledge and skill, it provides you a higher level of
success with women to connect and for them to cut throiugh ehir bullshit to see
the attraction in you.
The knowledge and skill enables you to make dating easier for you and the
women you meet in life. It ensures you to approach everything in dating in a
healthy conﬁdent and less confusing way.
Yes, a woman who might not be attracted to you right now can be in a week
because you knew what to do.
A woman not attracted to you when she saw you can be attracted to you by a few
conversations because you knew, how to project the attractive qualities and
connect with her in a manner that she is looking for but you cannot know what
she is looking for, until you have the conﬁdence to approach, converse, build
rapport and now she will reveal herself.
A man who challenges woman in a way that excites her emotionally and
intellectually.
That is what it means when we hear..
Attraction is not a Choice.
Not what so many are saying about it and spreading more misconceptions about
these fundamental laws and principles. People want to think it is magic, it just
happens and that it is all absolute when a woman sees you but it is not so.
Yes there are rigid things like someone has issues, someone has psychological
issues, biological or fears..
But it can happen in which a man can approach in a way he got all covered in
which she feels safe to want to talk, and when he converses, she sees WHY she
needs to give this guy more time to know him, because she likes the vibe, likes the
feelings she feels with him and it arouses her.
She doesn’t know why it arouses her but it’s there.
The way we don’t know why it arouses us but it’s there when we meet someone,
we are not that attracted to but something happens, in which we see a little more
in window, to be attracted.
Yes, people judge in under 3 seconds but that doesn’t mean you can’t make that
perception crumble when you approach and converse.
It’s their assumptions, that is all so you got to know your shit really well and not
take this as a joke, as I don’t take dating as a joke. I took it seriously and learnt all I
got and gained lots of knowledge, skills and experiences.
There is a process.
There is a structure to the brain, it is biological, psychological and just by
behaviour alone can increase the chance of attraction at a higher level than not
knowing what, why and how.
But to approach in a manner of gifts will already bring walls up and even
suspicioun and even attract someone who is going to use you.

I would never do that to ly anyone.

People take things like that for granted or can be suspicous of you.
I am a giver, I love to give but I hate giving to people who don’t appreciate and
don’t value, and so, I am not going to give to a woman who I have yet established
she is mutually attracted to me, and she has emotionally invested in me as I
would with her.
I want to give without her thinking I am giving for her to be all suspicous about
my intent.
Instead I want to give when we see eye to eye, mutually attracted and after
sometime, with dating, having sex, relationship, I give and now..she sees it in a
diﬀerent light.
There is an art to dating.
Let no one say otherwise.
An art to nurturing relationship and even after 25 years hammering down the
steel doors of misconceptions, norms, there is still so much to learn and growth
and I am excited about it because it helps me in other areas like social skills,
business, marketing, creating opportunities in other areas of my life.
Let me clairify again…
In the begining I would not shower anything, give presents or gifts or anything
like that until…I have established mutually attraction, we had some history
together, we have fucked many a times, and so now, if I want to give it won’t be
bvecause I want her pussy.
It’s because I really care about her. I really love to give to her and she will take it
seriously because I didn’t do that in the begining.
The way you approach anything and anyone, dictates the frame, the future of that
relationship, of how you are seen and the future experiences to come.
So don’t do that until there is some history.
Do it when in relationship because you really care and love the woman you’re
with. Now I will give whatever and not give a fuck.
Be careful in the begining.
Keep all gifts, presents, all that aﬀection away until attraction is established and
you see her the woman inside. She needs to know you see her for her and giving these
gifts and doing all that ruins that.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My 25 year old daughter is rejecting her culture and homeland.
She lives in America and was raised in Pakistan and grew up
Muslim. She scorns Islam and isn’t proud of where she is from.
Is this wrong?
Adam Taha, See a human being instead of a label.
Answered Sep 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you as a parent ever told your children oﬀ, telling them they are wrong?
What happpened? Yes, they didn’t listen even if they pretended to.
Have you ever told someone they are wrong? It doesn’t go too well, does it but we
human beings do it because we want to win a debate or our ego got hit and we got
to be right instead of seeing other person’s view and not just understand their
view.
So forget about right or wrong. She’s 25 years old and not a child anymore. So I
would say this to your daughter..

“I love you for who you are, and I am here whenever you need our support. You will
always be my amazing brave daughter. We are proud of you and your
achievements. I love you as your father/mother, as you are our daughter. And we
can only try if we can make it easier for you. Let me know, if you need anything. We
are here for you if ever you need to talk. We Love you…”
Say that always. Forget trying to humilate, to judge, to say who is right and who is
wrong. Have compassion. Have mercy.
She now is in a world and on her own, and yes, with friends maybe but she is
alone, away from home, away from her parents, and she may feel the whole world
is against her or just lots of worry about things.
She right now, probably torn apart, and wished, just wished, her parents say the
words she so want to hear again and again, and again. Probably got millions of
thoughts in her mind on how she wished she could say how she feels to her
parents and they’d be ok about it, they’d listen, they’d do what she dreamed of
without worry she will not be accepted by her parents.
Pick up the phone.
Say those words.
She needs your support now.
She needs to know you are beside her.
She needs to know, no matter what happens, in your eyes, she is a winner, she is
the best that ever happened in your life as a parent. That the day she was born,
she brought wonder and hope.
Let her know these words again and again.
Let her know, you believe in her.
She needs that now more than you ever know because it isn’t easy being away and
feeling isolated, or feeling torn between nations, cultures, and battling identity.
Believe me, it is torment for us when we left our parent, ﬂew and felt in between
two worlds, pulled from every direction and not a kind word from our parents.
It was torment for us everyday when we say other parents and their sons,
daughters, being at graduation, being at ceremony, being even at some event of
achievement and well, we never saw our parents come and cheer us on.
They were more worried about what people said, why we rebelled, why we choose
our own path and said so many words, like how we shouldn’t have been born, or
how we disappointed them due to our choices, how we were failures, how we are
not like the other son’s and daughters, or like the other parent’s so’s and
daughters.
You don’t know but because we don’t show it to you but it tears us into pieces
everyday, and it did for me for years and I never found peace knowing, I am a
man that is not of the image, ways, behavuour, belief my parents wanted and was
reminded of it so often.
And all I ever wanted is for them to be happy about how I am but I didn’t get that
until it was so too late.
Don’t let that be for you and your daughter.
She will be going throigh hell inside of her and thinking everyday how she wished
she could just get along with her parents and they are diﬀerent to the world, to all
the ones who bring her down and judge her.

She needs to know one thing is for certain than all she sees in world, all the hate,
all the judging.
That her parents are proud of her, loves her and always be available if she ever
needed to talk and when she does, all she hears is peace, comfort, love,
admiration, and how her parents are proud of their daughter.
The words that every daughter and son want to hear but don’t because
everywhere, people want to be right and say so, so is wrong.
Let her grow and ﬁnd her own way, own path and know, no matter what, she has a
place called…home in her parents heart.
Let her know, she is not alone that everything is ﬁne. Whatever she has decided,
you trust her, you love her and home will always be there for her.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do ﬁrst impressions matter? People often see me as a quiet and
shy nerd, even if they don't know me.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes and in….under 3 seconds…
The brain of a person will judge and decide your status….

Judge your income level with clothes..

Even judge you by your values to associate or not to associate with you…

If you’re a bitch, by just your facial expression or what mood you’re in..

If you are shy…

Or a Nerd…

Or they see you’re feeling uncomfortable around people or the environment and
they can feel your vibe too…

Or nerd with style….

To a guy who doesn’t give a fuck…

In under 3 seconds the mind will judge on how sexy you are…

To how you’re hot…

And judge if your healthy and ﬁt…

In under 3 seconds the brain of a person will be scanning everything visually.
Though it is all assumptions and perception, it is the reality we live in that ﬁrst
impression matter big time.
Yes people lose out a lot because of it, because people can grow but sometimes,
perceived value is a bitch, that most people just lose big when they only see the
face, or ﬂaws, or clothes, or whatever.
So give people a chance, whether you’re shy or nerd.
Think bigger than validation.
Think “I’m going to make this world a better place, one person at a time.”
Those who see ﬂaws, not future growths and possibilities, are not meant to be in
your life. Try though with whatever you got and whatever you can so far, to be
presentable. Don’t worry about things you cannot ﬁx now.

And take one step at a time without bitterness but with fresh attitude and
understanding to be proactive in giving people a chance to know you.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would you be upset if your signiﬁcant other didn't get you
anything for your birthday even if they are broke?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, because my lovers tell me often how they feel about me and I do so daily with
them. Not because it’s suppose to happen that way but I love saying what I feel
and brighten their day and get them smiling. So do they with me.
I’m, you know, fun, upbeat guy who doesn’t need much to be happy except a ﬁght
of a dream, hot sex, and lots of making lovers laugh.
I don’t need Valentines. I don’t need much of stuﬀ like Birthdays because were I
am at, it’s Valentines and birthday every week.
I live in then moment and so do my lovers.
But if it makes my lover’s feel better, I always say..
“Well then baby, a hug and kiss would do.”
And there we go.
It’s the intention for me that counts the most. The heart of the person not
material, not money, not all that jazz.
It won’t upset me at all.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the biggest culture shock you have ever faced?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences

Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It hit me between my eyes like a thunder bolt.
I came from a country where women dress like this..

So in this country, there are strict rules, traditions but also double standards
behind closed doors and hidden, people acting all secretive, hypocrisy and what
is written isn’t followed as much as superstitions and culture.

The rich get away with it and poor hate the justice because it’s not justice they get
and it doesn’t ﬁx a damn thing most of the time.
But in the country I came from…
1. You cannot touch a woman
2. You cannot date
3. No physical touch
4. No walking about like boyfriend/girlfriend alone together
5. No sex before marriage
If anyone knew that you’re seeing a woman and sex, not married…then your
reputation gone. You are screwed and your family ie. parents also gets labelled.
Your life won’t ever be the same again.
Now here I come to England and I see…

And also..

And then I discover…
1. You can shake women’s hands
2. You can talk and laugh with them in street and anywhere really
3. You can be close friends with them
4. You can ﬂirt with many of them
5. You can atract and date women

6. Yes, physical touch, holding hands, kissing in the street, in front of
everyone and you don’t get Police beating the shit out of you and she get
hammered.
7. You can walk about like boyfriend/girlfriend alone together
8. You can sit alone together
9. You can have sex before marriage
10. You can socialise with women
11. You can choose to an extent the relationship type model you want
And I’m like..
“WTF! How come I didn’t know about this and all I heard about devils and demons
and all sorts of programming.”
What hit me the most and it was diﬃcult to understand at ﬁrst is this..
“I like this girl but what should I do? What does it mean when she looks at me? Is she
interested?”
And from girls..
“He looked at me, for 5 seconds, is he interested?”
I’m like..
“WHAT ARE YOU FUCK ARE YOU SAYING? I didn’t have this opportunity where I
came from. Go and do it. Approach, ask, and hey, look at all these women, lots of
them and lots of guys, so who gives a shit if one or 10, 20 says no. Keep going because
this is PARADISE from where I came form?”
And this..
Girl - I can’t have sex on ﬁrst date.
Me - WHAT? So you want me to see you is ugly, pretend when we meet I am not
interested in having sex with you, do that chasing thing for a few weeks, and be all
awkward, back and forth? Oooh, you mean you want to feel you got the power and
control of sex selection? I see.” (roll eyes)
I was seeing what I saw in my country.
They want freedom but you can’t have freedom with one foot in, one foot
out.
I saw the bubble again.
Same bubble I saw back home but in a diﬀerent language, diﬀerent norms but
really, it’s the same fear.
It was like I was an alien from another planet and for a while, I was staring at all
these gorgeous women and then seeing guys not doing anything because they
feared rejection, and because of his label, and that.
Then I found out the same with women.
They too feared and there was something beneath all that language going on. If
you didn’t know it, you’re screwed and it’s harder for you.
It’s harder because you got most men telling you it doesn’t happen that way and
not sharing the true knowledge due to being political correct.
Part of that problem is men too being white knights and some give you all the
motivational to sell their books and you don’t get it, that there is a language, there

is an inner game happening and all you are following is only going to lead you to
failure again and again, and not know why.
Then I found out double standard and denial.
Political correctness gone mad.
I couldn’t shake that feeling to think…
“Where I came from is fucked up but this, the choices, we got all these choices but it’s
WORSE. It’s really fucked up. People are still scared and worried what other people
will think about them..”
This is what I believe….

It’s why, when I do meet a woman who doesn’t give a shit if sex happens on ﬁrst
date or a week, I feel amazing because it feels like I met a kindred spirit, someone
who sees what I see, understands what’s going on and we click to such a level that
we now just ﬂirt, creating the ﬁre between us,.
There is no game, worrying about slut, whore, too easy, player, manwhore and it’s
so much fun, so much growing you do, so much connection you get and it’s rich,
sexy and incredible when it happens like that.
I can be myself. I can give and it won’t be questions.
I can give like ﬁcking crazy and it won’t come back with doubts.
I can move 10 paces forward and I won’t get a woman being aloof and playing
hard to get. I can be courageous with such a woman. I can be better, stronger, take

far more risks.
I can GROW and if I feel I am growing with a woman, well, now they know the
secret on what keeps a Gemeni Man.
I can feel ALIVE because she knows…

It’s like a battle on who can show more lust for each other, more sexieness, more
rawness because we don’t care about validation as we got it inside us and all it is,
is just showing that sexiness fearlessly.
It’s the battle on who can be far more creative in words, ﬂirting, sexual images
when texting, laughter and conﬁdence.
It’s about who can inspire each other more.
It’s so much fun, calmness and yet electric.
But you can’t do that if you make sex a big deal, making it awkward and
pretending, acting and trying to force a relationship.
This here is what Chemistry is about, ﬂirting is about, this….

Imagine meeting someone who you are atrracted to, lustful for, attraction is
mutual, and they feel it like you do, and everything else is now out of the way…
and now you can be yourselves.
Your rules. Not the rules that restricts you but frees you both.
Freedom! No more fear. Freedom. No more ignorance. Freedom. No more labels.
Freedom. No more labels. Freedom. Choice.

Now you know why I am passionate with writing about dating.
I stand for something. It has a meaning. It comes with a history.
Everything I do is for this - from building my lifestyle, business model,
everything for this. I can’t help talking about it, writ8ing about it, paint about it,
produce music and songs to videos about it…

Even my travels is about this.
It’s who I am each step I take comes with knowing where I came from and that’s
important because you appreciate, you value, you are grateful to be able to have a

greater purpose in life.
It’s a world I am creating that takes me hours, weeks, months to even a year to
ﬁnish a project, like this animation I am working on…

I learnt all the knowledge and skills in this brave new world. I have gone against
much of the belief system back home.
And I don’t regret it. I’m happy. On ﬁre!
How many can say they get up early in morning with excitement, passion and ﬁre
inside of them?
How many can say they stand for something bigger than even themselves?

It was only after some years of living in England, studying psychology, business,
marketing, art, music, writing, design and going past the bullshit on what women
and men say, what society says, what all these organisations says, to what parents
and mainstream media says….to realise that dark force will always be there, no
matter if it’s a rich or poor country.
Even with freedom, even with choice, even with this amazing gift I found
when I came to England - we can be prisoners of our own minds. People will
over think, worry on what others say and this can even prevent anyone
succeeding in what they want in life.
Many will take the path of least resistance.
In all the places I expected people going for it, in all the places I expected ballsy
attitude with dreams, goals, dating..relationships…in all the places I expected the
hate for double standards, the repulsiveness of labelling anyone as slut, whore,
too easy,, players, manwhore, to pulling someone down who is diﬀerent…I
thought it be in this new brave world called England.
But I saw the opposite most of the time and the mainstream media knows this
and uses it everyday. They use all of us to divide us all and to even police each
other with…fear.
I saw it where I came from and I saw the same pattern again everywhere.
So much pullin someone down, whether a dream, a rebel, or someone of
creativity, or someone who thinks diﬀerently, or someone who wants to live a
diﬀerent life, is always faced with people saying it can’t be that way.
In the other hand, whoever does believe in themselves, whoever can learn to not
go for the easy way, the validation way but the way that has growth for real,
dilutees the social conditioning…they got a higher chance of success.
You can be King amongst white knights.

You can be Queen amongst princesses.
Man who got the balls amongst those who yet to answer the real questions about
themselves, and women with backbone amongst those who fear and compete
with each other can achieve and go far than most.
So even with this cultural shock, I’d say, I am one lucky bastard…

To be able to escape poverty, wars, famine, early death and be in another part of
the world, which I am grateful for, with knowledge I was able to access, free
education, and a world where you can create your own world if you got the balls
to do it and the descipline.
The thirst knowledge for me was HUGE and still is.
I devoured books like crazy on everything I wanted to learn. I break them down,
apply, test, see what works, measure, test again until it ﬂows.
I didn’t piss my time about worrying what others think of me, hammered hard
with the dream but I still know how to have fun….

In all honesty, when I was back home, I use to hate the British and even America
but when I grew up here, even with all the craziness, I fell in love with the British
people and America.
I fell in love with the culture, their language, the food, the ﬁsh and chips, their
stories, their jokes which cracked me up laughing.
I fell in love with the America with the movies, western movies, pioneering
inventions, books, arts, music. I would watch comedians like Laurel and Hardy,
Buster Keaton at night and be smiling.

I was introduced to a world of diversity, freedom, choices and my mind opened so
wide that my imagination expanded like the universe.
I made friends from diﬀerent communities and cultures.
Now I could dream big and know, it is was just a matter of knowing how and
getting it done.

I was able to see the changes also of country, from designs to building, to factories
closed, to new ways of jobs, new technologies and many things happening before
my eyes.
I was able to see passion in people when they stood for something.
They would be at the forefront, ready to take anything on even when they felt
everything was lost…they found courage still.
Seeing that really moved me and inspired me.

Even though somethings happened at end of world to eﬀect me heavily, when I
did nothing but blamed me because of the way I looked, due to some fucking
nutters at other end of world doing these atrocities, I still felt hope. I still felt
happy and knew this storm will pass too.
The best thing is, nothing really can get me down too much even when there were
times I would lose all to build back up again, because I always remembered where
I came from.
To be young, aged 9 years old but a man selling to tourists and whoever to make
money to buy bread was hard life that knocked reality into your head very fast.

Then I see where I am, and the access to knowledge, resources, and people of
diﬀerent cultures, beliefs, opinions and some are crazy, but I feel happy.
I like the diﬀerent opinions. It’s freedom.
I like the diﬀerent cultures I see. Human race.
I like the diﬀerent accents. Colours of languages.
The diﬀerent ways people see things even if we don’t agree. There’s a choice and
yes, double standards too but it’s not as bad as where I came from.
I fell in love with England and America.
It wasn’t hard to do so.
I feel like I am rich after all.
I feel and have always felt when I got here, that anything is possible and even if
you fail, it’s alright.
I feel like a lion, I am on top of the world and I can see far into the Jungle and
know exactly where I am going and how to get there.

You’re alive, you got meal on table, you can start again in the Jungle and even
when you got enemies around you, it feels good because you know you’re on the
right track.
You can see and experience results.
That is all the answer you ever need = results.
That speaks far more than what any expert, woman, man, society says doesn’t
work or doesn’t believe. It doesn’t matter to me.
I see and I experience the results.
That is all I ever needed and it makes me feel ballsy, it’s what gives me
conﬁdence, it gives me courage to stand up for something I believe in.
But it’s still a culture shock for me…
Even now, when I turn the tap on and water ﬂows, it hits me. I had to go through
hell just to get water from where I came from.
I had to sell lots of bottles of juiced drinks to survive and bring money home.
Sometimes I came back with nothing much.
And now, in a couple of days, I am ﬂying to Paris for another adventure..

It still hasn’t sunk in.
Even when I am sitting with a white tall gorgeous woman, ﬂowing curls hair, red
lips and who I can speak in her language…

My inside says to the country I am in….
Thank you.
Everyday I wake up and I can’t help say to world within my mind...
Thank you for the beauty, the art, music, women, friends, knowledge, skills,
technology, the connections, the many opportunities, and most of all, for letting me
in to access and build from my mind and hands, all I have which I could never do
where I was born and came from. Thanks for the ﬁghts, the failures, the success and
the new adventures to come.
I’m grateful. I value and appreciate each day. Thankyou.
54.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are the signs at the beginning of a new relationship you
could be dating a narcissist?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know so many people do these list on oedther answers, it’s like everyone is a
Narcissist.
If you show interest too early. You’re a Narcisssist.
If you show aﬀection early. You’re a Narcissist.
If you are the type of personality romantic and show early. You’re a
Narcissist.
If you’re say what you want. Sex. Not meet until one is lustful over,
attracted to you as you are with them….because…you are not going to
play game with pretending you’re not into person sexually and
romantically, resturantants, hints, guessing. You’re Narcisssist.

If you got an opinion and state it and say to the person that they are
fucking tapped in head and need to wake the hell up from the bullshit
and you’re not taking that shit anymore. You’re a Narcissist.
If you block people because they are not giving you want you want and
you said what you want from day one and they are up and down,
changing back and forth. You’re a Narcissist.
If you block someone who makes you feel shit without warning. You’re
an Narcisssit.
If you don’t accept an apology. You’re a Narcissist.
It’s like everything you do, standing up for yourself, love yourself, not take shit
from women or men, you’re a Narcissist.
Soon we’ll have this thing where you do to men and women. You know the name
calling bullshit..
“Slut whore, too easy, player, manwhore, bad boy, jerk”
Oh wait. We already have that now.
So now, any woman who woke up from the fantasy, knows she is not deﬁned by
sex, and knows having sex with a guy today, or tomorrow does not make her
anything. It’s not love. Sex is not love. It’s not a prize, a trophy but a person who is
attracted, want to feel the person physically, enjoy the pleasurable experiences
together.
And anything a man or woman says is only their perception, fucked up mind and
one needs to just be good at selecting men/women who got that mindset of sex
positive and who woken up from la la land that having sex on ﬁrst date, second,
third, whatever, doesn’t mean long-term relationship even if someone says so.
Even if a person saus they want long-term, it doesn’t mean with her/him because
things may change, anything can happen and then what?
He/she stays?
This doesn’t mean there aren’t people out there who do hurt people, abuse and I
am not saying that but come on with these lists.
Mostly everyone does this.
It doesn’t mean the person is a Narcissist.
If you take the personality of a GEMENI MAN. Holy shit, you’d think he’s a
Narcisssist as he as some traits on that list.
Here’s what will beneﬁt you more…
1. Know what you want
2. Set the boundaries
3. Respect your boundaries
4. Respect other person boundaries
5. Done.
You cannot know, will never know, and only thing you can ever do, is never, ever,
seek attention, validation from others to feel worthy about yourself.
Because it takes anyone really to know this and fuck you over.
Mostly everyone does this shit.

I know women using men and bullshit everyone about sex, and bitch all day
about how men want sex from them
The reality is it, if these women said truth it will go like this…
“I WANT to have THE POWER and CONTROL and CHOICE of SEX SELECTION not
the man. I choose if I want to behave sexual, or “slut” and how far I want to be like a
“SLUT.”
But they won’t say that will they?
No fucking way and worse, we got ignorant men, white kights, who help this
bullshit too, and who ignore it happens and say it doesn’t happen.
The same way a man won’t be direct with a woman because similar to women, if
they stand up to what they want, say it, they be labelled as NARCS or sluts, or
whores, or manwhore, player.
Too much double standard in society and then you start labelling people as
players, manwhore, slut, whore, Narcssisit and suddenly every perspn is one, and
our heads up our asses.
Just set your boundaries and hold tight to them.
Know yourself.
Even if it burns your hands, hold tight to them.
Even if world says you’re an asshole, player, manwhore, slut, whore, bitch. Hold
onto them with your life.
Because it doesn’t need a Narcisssit to do the list I read in these answers. Many
are not Narcissist and they do these.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to tell a guy what to do when newly dating?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think you probably meant share what you like to do when dating. If so, great
idea. Share the places or place you like to see, experience, let him know what
places and what activities and ask him what he likes to do too.
Do it before you meet using phone/text.
As you do, sprinkle a story here or there about the place showing your values,
more of you and he will probably do same. It gets the guy to see more of you when
you share stories of why you like to go there, or memories you share that’s
positive of why you want to go there.
What it does is it shows the guy you’re really are interested in him because you’re
being proactive and second, you’re sharing something about you, not too much
but enough positive rich story revealing you, your values, what you’re passionate
about and that even for me, is important.
It shows you really do want to meet, it makes it more fun, you get to relax more
when you share these things and you get to know each other on what you are
both into.
It makes the the guy see more of the woman from the inside.
So yes, suggest and ﬁnd out what he likes to do.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make sure that the person I have a baby with stays
with me long term?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If you don’t have sex on ﬁrst date, it means nothing. It just means you
fear being called slut, whore and too easy, and that if a man knows, you
will be unfaithfull, which is really bullshit but it’s enough for some
women to want to avoid the double standards from men and from
women, and society.
2. If you have sex on second date, third, fourth, ﬁfth, 2 month, a year, it
doesn’t mean anything in a man staying. Maybe look at the other door
next to marriage….divource. Even marriage can’t do it for men and
women leaving each other.
3. Sex is not love, love is not sex, and both are never going to be enough to
keep a man to stay and yet, we see the game played on and on.
4. The idea of how two people agree to stay together with this mutually
agreement done verbally is also bullshit. He can promise. You can
promise. It still won’t keep a man and nor does it keep a woman to stay.
5. People still don’t get it. There is and will always be a risk when it come to
relationship that it doesn’t work out. The expectations of dangling sex,
like it’s supposed to be planned on third date, or fourth, will make no
diﬀerence to how it gets a man to stay. It can be awesome for a month, 6
months and someyhig happens and it’s over.
The key is, not the sex but that you don’t control that and rather you ﬁnd
compatibility and not make sex as some big deal, but do make the wanting a baby
in future a big deal.
Make sure, you know the man, he knows you, you grow together through time,
don’t rush having a baby. Give time to get close, be like friends in the sexual and
romantic relationship.
But no matter what, nothing keeps a man except when he wants to. You can only
trust, look after yourself, be yourself, see sex as not someone to deﬁne but to
experience and enjoy with someone you’re attracted and love your partner as he
loves you, together when you do have a child, then love the child and work
together.
That is all you can do.
Peopl;e will even leave when they love someone because love is also not enough.
It’s life. You grow and you see much of what so many want to control, they can’t.
You can’t keep a man and a man can’t keep a woman.
You just have to trust each other and embrace the reality that in any relationship,
there is a risk. That is the beauty of human race.
Free will. Choice.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I encourage my girlfriend to become more interested in
philosophy, science and abstract ideas? She is highly intelligent
very interested in people, art and psychology, but says science
and anything at all 'left brain' makes her brain hurt.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let it go. I am same as her. I am interested in people, art, anything creative but
science can be too much for me. I don’t mind hearing it but to study it is a

diﬀerent thing altogether.
I won’t want anyone to keep pushing me to learn something because they think I
need to or for whatever reason.
You were attracted to her not because of all that.
If that was important to you, you needed to have made it clear before dating her
or at intial stages of when you started dating her, not now.
She is saying to you…
“This is not my emotional language. It frustrates me when I look into science. I feel
alive with interest in people, art and psychology..”
Therefore, if you care and love her, avoid trying to push her in any atea and you
just push yourself in those area if you want and celebrate her world.
If that was my girlfriend and she said she is into art, psychology, people, and she
tells be speciﬁcally what, I will buy books on that. I will by paintings, canvass. Or
if she is into using computer, I’d buy her a drawing tablet and it doesn’t have to be
expence. Stuﬀ on psychology about people.
Depends how long you have been dating but don’t try to get anyone really to learn
something they are not into.
It is really frustrating when people do that.
You’re going against her emotioal language - creativity.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

When do you know someone is the right one for you to be
involved with romantically?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Know what you want.
2. Know what you don’t want
3. Know what you want in a woman/man
4. Know what compatibility means to you
5. Have boundaries. Know the line no one can cross and respect your own
boundaries or no one will.
6. Now attract people and lay these up front of the ones you desire
7. If it feels too hard, your gut is saying something is up, they are playing
games, being ambigious, drop them. Move on
8. Listen to your intuition. Give people chance but then if you see
something is up, close the door. Move on
9. Do this often and you’ll gain experience and forget about “the one,”
Forget about “soul mate.” Forget putting anyone on a pedestal. That’s
what will hurt you big time.
10. Seek no validation. You’re not wanting to be validated to feel good. You
want a Fuck Yes or Fuck No.
11. Learn to be direct and ask for what you really want.
12. If the person cannot be clear they got what you want, or not compatible
or ambious, move on.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

Everytime I feel upset, I always think of my father calling me
rubbish, wanting me to die when I was a kid, and such
obnoxious memories keep ﬂoating, how can I get rid of it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Change the story in your head. It’s what we call the Psycological script. You can
change it because right now, in your mind are old DVD’s playing a movie, and
they are old, and you need to renew these thoughts by visualising who you want
to really be, see yourself in a diferent light, see yourself stronger, successsful,
whatever success means to you.
You cannot erase these memories but you can see them in a diﬀerent light which
helps you to grow and dilute the noise that’s ﬂoating.
It will always be there but the noise will be so low and the one you want to run in
your mind will be louder, bright and will help you in your life.
Good book to read is..

1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys only jump into bed and never get to know me? Do
they feel like I'm not worth a serious relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is your Psychological script.
That script which gets you to behave to get what you crave for….the validation,
the attention, the thrill of the chase, and so when you behave as such, you are
seen as a trophy.
It’s the way you behave, the games you play because you are playig a game and a
very dangerous one.
This game gets those chemical kicking oﬀ inside you to feel “I’m special,” and
“I’m unique,” and “I am hot/pretty/attractive but all that is being triggered by the
game and not really what you say you want.
You say you want something but you don’t behave in that way.

You make those choices.
You made those choices to play the game, behave in that way and play hard to get,
be that trophy, go for status and so you attact such guys.
It’s like a MASSIVE CAT WOMAN signal in sky!
“Hey guys! I feel numb inside. I need to feel turned on. Come and play with me. I
want attention, validation. I need to feel wanted. I don’t want relationship but the
chase, the exciting thrill of the chase. Come play the game with me!”
That works for you because everything that script in your head does is working
towards a self fulﬁlling destiny, to create that outcome.
“See! Guys only jump into bed and never get to know me! They use me. Like I
am not even serious for relationship!”
But really deep inside you, the belief is….
“Way back, as a child, as a teen, I didn’t get much attention, I was neglected, I felt
ugly, so I created this game, chose the role of victim, so I can then get validated from
guys, who will chase me, who will do the push and pull techniques, who will make
me feel like I’m special, unique, and that turns me on, gives me feelings. So I attract
these type of guys to…feel…but I ﬁnd later, after sex, I still feel ugly, I still feel lost, I
still feel HUNGRY for validation..”
So one day, a guy does come along.
In fact you chase him. You approach him. You’re fasinated by him and you know
he’s a badass. You know he got his shit together but what hapens due to the years
of being addicted to the feeling and you’re so numb, that the ONLY thing makes
you feel this is the game, and so….you play it.
AND when you do, that guy…sees just an immature girl, shakes his head, and
walks oﬀ. He shuts the door on you and moves on.
Don’t get me wrong.
This guy does want sex.
This guy is infact very sexual but the diﬀerence is, this guy has lived far more
than you, has experienced far more, he knows what he wants, he’s direct about it,
conﬁdent, high self image, fun, exciting, has options and he’s not looking for…
a..princess
He’s looking for…a…WOMAN that’s grown up.
But you push these guys away by your behaviour which comes from your script.
It’s gamey.
It’s bullshit dating games, it’s acting all uninterested because you learnt this from
all these fucking idoit type of guys you had sex with and you don’t think of
leaving the game..BUT..trying to learn it because now you want more of it, want
to play more, like that feeling.
You don’t want the real deal.
The real deal is when a guy is direct with you and says he wants you, wants to
fuck you, wants to eat your pussy AND yes, if both compatible, then a
relationship is in the horizon.
But no…
You want it mysterious.
You want it like a movie.

You want it to be validated so desperately to BELIEVE you is diﬀerent than the
rest, special, unique, to believe you are not ugly, to believe you are beautiful.
That’s what turns you on.
On and on it goes where Hollywood makes tons of money, to romance novels and
to Pharmacies who pump you up with pills, which later screws your sexual drive.
Only way then to get that turn on, is by…the game.
Then one day it all starts to catch up with you…
You wake up and you’re 25 years old.
You’re so drugged up now.
Your biological system is fucked.
You don’t feel aroused in a natural way for sex.
Throughout the process of living your script it has done something to you
function of your mind and your body.
The patterns repeats..
Wen a guy who is direct is laying it on line for you on what he wants comes along,
you know you want this, you can feel it, you know it’s right but…your so addicted
to the script, you fuck it up.
You self sabotage it.
You don’t seduce.
You don’t know how to.
You only know the game.
So you self sabotage.
You are so addicted to the script, he feels it and he sees that you will waste his
time, probably hurt him, and you are not ready for serious times. He maybe a Bad
Boy and he loves sex, but he also wants love.
He also wants intimacy.
He always wants healthy relationship and compatibilty.
He says…
“Hey, you know, I changed my mind. I don’t feel this. I’m moving on,”
He found out what needs to know with little investment, before even meeting you
and having sex.
He doesn’t care.
He can get sex anywherre he pleases.
Sex for me is fucking easy.
If I want sex. No problem.
I open my phone and I got tons of numbers. I open my email and I am ﬂooded by
the messages. I am good online and oﬄine. I got many women friends, hot,
attractive who want sex but no relationship..
It’s not the sex the Bad Boy comes for.
He’s looking for something else.

He’s looking for that ONE girl he can grow with, have fun with, teach her all he
knows and both can have a wild time in life.
He’s looking for a partner in crime to dominante the world with whatever
adventures, ideas, business or whatever. Someone who is also sexual but also
creative, fun to be with in the dark world he sees.
But…he dissappears and dates someone else, and ﬁnds a positive healthy
relationship he’s excited about.
You are now 30 years old.
Your Psychology is everywhere and you’re up to eyeballs with pills, and it’s got so
bad you’re seeing a therapist.
Sex is not even fun anymore.
Sex is not even a pleasure anymore. Sex doesn’t even fuckong happen in the
natural way.
Your youthful years gone.
The time when you needed to setttle down is gone.
The time when you needed to already have a guy who is a lover, by the age of 20
years, create memories as you grow together, which by the way is the BIGGEST
reason why a man will stay far more than anythng else is…gone!
Never can the man see you young.
Never can he grow with you when you was younger, date you, have sex. He will
never be able to experience you as a young woman, Never. You gave those years to
the game.
So that means, you cannot tell men like me, as an older man who dates, has sex
with younger women….
“How come these older men date and fuck and be inr elationsip with younger girls. I
got a degree! I got a house! I am prettt. I am this and that but these guys date
younger women.”
I will say, “you don’t dictate who I choose to date, have sex and relationship with.
None of your business. That’s my choice on what traites a I choose as lovers.”
You had your time, your moment when you was younger and some of us men
who take care of ourselves, will be able to do that even when older. Yes it sucks
but that is the reality.
Imagine, sagging tits, tired, exhuasted, emotional wreck, drugged up, to such a
level you don’t even want sex at that age,.
All those energies for partying, all the drinking, late nights, drinking, smoking
and so on.
All that time of fucking and ﬁnding out guy is a shithead takes you on a
emotional rollercoaster, sleepless nights, heartbreaks that ﬂow from one after the
other, the back and forth with some ex, the up and down crazines.
It all adds up.
It eﬀects you psychoilogically and biologically.
You’re now 35 years old.
You see other people in relationships. You don’t understand how they do it. You
see it evertwhere. You see it on facebook.

Then a guy comes along, high status, badass, got a lot going for himself and you
say to him…
“I am not into sex…but I want a relationship.”
He thinks..
“Oh you fucked yourself over all these years and now you want me to take on your
psychological and biological fucks up. Ok, I date other women anyway and have sex
but there must be something else about you, Something? Maybe you’re fun to be
with? Maybe you can show intimacy? Maybe you can ﬂirt and makes me feel good? Is
there something about you that can keep that attraction going for both of us.”
He doesn’t say that way but when he does, that’s what he is saying.
But you fuck up again…
You play the game thnking you still got what you got when you was 16, 18, 20, 25
years old. It doesn’t work.
He doesn’t feel it.
In fact he feels sad when you do that. He remembes the time when he was
younger and he did that. He remembers that time of breakups. He remembers the
many Narcissists he met and left them,
He remembers the women who played games to the women who wanted to
dictate sex, to the one who just wanted attention.
He’s is far too knowledgeable, skilled and experienced. He knows you before you
even throw the cards you deal with on table.
He’s seen it all before. Gone full circle many a times.
This guy smiles and says…
“Hey, this isn’t going to work. Great meeting you. I enjoyed our conversation but I’m
moving on.”
No meeting. No sex. Nothing but he moves on.
He can get sex anyway.
You expected the chase to keep going?
That time is coming to a close.
It’s just around the corner.
I know many women, who are 28, 35, single.
They ﬁnd it hard ﬁnding a man to settle down. They realised what I said years ago
but it’s too late.
If you don’t wake up from the bubble and leave that script and change your story
in your head, you will wake up with the same demise.
You will ﬁnd yourself one day, aged 30, still playing the 16 year old girl game but
you’re now 30 year old woman.
I know a woman who looks very young aged 40.
One young guy found out her aged and backed oﬀ immediately. This is the
reality. This is the real world.
Yes there are peple who will date older women but the way women approach
dating, it will be so hard for you them to even attract such men.

By that time, woman grows and is either bitter or focusing just on her career, in
hope she ﬁnds someone who earns twice much as she, has bigger house hers and
she dreams still like a fucking princess Haha.
You can learn more by reading this book to understand your self psychology, why
you do things, how it started and how to change your life.
It is you who makes the choices to sleep with these guys.
It is your body and your mind that strips naked and has sex. There is nothing
wrong with enjoying sex. Nothing but one needs to take responsibility for their
own sexuality.
You always have a choice to say no.
It is then you who makes those choices.
You will know what, why and how…when you read the book or you can just ﬁgure
it out by looking back in your younger years, and see any trauma (trigger).

3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when I like a girl but she keeps fantasizing
about another guy and she wants him to be her boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah sure
Me - Oi you! Dickead. Yeah you. Come here
Him - What?
Me - Ask her out, she wants to date you.
Him - What you mean?
Me - Christ. She wants your dick. Got it? Now ask her out.
Me (walking over to a diﬀerent girl and ﬂirt with her)
Done.
Now you don’t have to say it that way. This is me.
Say it your way and then leave her to it.

But don’t go back to her when he dumps her because you and I know, don’t
we….girls move from one guy to another, like guys do.
These days, trying to keep a relationship past a fucking month is hard but you
don’t keep that door open.
You approach other girl hardcore and fast.
Don’t be a Jerk.
Jerks are pussies. They act all that but they can’t move on, always going back to
girl, back and forth, back and forth, because they got no options but pretend they
have.
Be a Badass Bad Boy. The real deal.
Move on as there’s plenty of girls out there. Approach others and this time, stop
spending lots of time with girls, using your time, resources, being friends, and
pretending to be one.
There is no “one” girl until she behaves as such.
You are her friend and friendzoned.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Is giving a lot in a relationship a bad thing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if it’s the person is not compatible with you.
Compatibility is very important in a relationship.
It’s a two way street with giving.
After a while, even if you love the person, you will feel emotionally drained, hurt,
low self esteem if you continue, put them on a pedestal and it will only harm you
to such a level, psychologically and biologically.
It can create stress for you, which can also eﬀect your sex drive, it can also eﬀect
your health in other ways too.
Best you give to someone who desires you, lustful over you, feels the attraction
and isn’t holding back. You might even start taking medication and not realising
the root cause is the stress from the ongoing giving to someone who is
exhauasting, cold and isn’t showing empathy, love and speaks in your emotional
language.
Attraction is a must both ways and it must be shown in behaviour, no excuses, no
ums, and arrghs or what has happened in past relationship.
If the other person does not feel attracted to you and if they are not behaving in a
manner of doing so, then it is not about wrong, but about being in a healthy
relationship.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

A guy who knows you are attracted to him says give him a call.
What does that usually mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He is wanting to see if you are serious about him. He has also given you his
number as indicator, without saying he is attracted to you, without being direct
and just gave the number, due to fear of rejection.

Which I wouldn’t have done.
I would have said directly I am attracted and asked many sexy questions, see
where you are mindset wise, see also if you’re a gamer who is a princess who likes
to be chased. If I found you’re not a princess, and if you shown attraction back, I’d
have given you the number.
But if after giving you the number you play hard to get, act disinterested, I’d block
you immediately and move on to someone else.
Your next step then is very important.
It indictates how you like to be treated.
It is now your call…
1. You can act covert which by the way, if the guy is high status, bad boy,
not some pussy jerk who goes back and forth….he will see you are a
princess, you are into the chase, the fairytale, you lack conﬁdence in
yourself to want such validation and so…he will move on or act aloof,
then swing you in, have sex with you and leave you for playing hard to
get. Then you will ask, “why guys have sex and leave.”
2. If you act direct, showing attraction and if he is conﬁdence type, bad boy
type, not a jerk type, he will see you don’t need validation, you do love
yourself, you validate yourself from the inside.
He will experience in your words and behaviour that you do have high
self worth, your outgoing, positive minded, sex positive, wiulling to
discuss it and also boundaries.
That you know what you want and say it pleasantly and fun way, and
that you are serious about wanting him. So he…will.treat you diﬀerently.
The Jerk will act like fucking idoit, aloot. The bad boy conﬁdent type will
move so fast forward and you need to be ready. Jerk his chain…that type
of guy will move on instantly.
3. If you also act direct not covert then it protects you. If a guy is a gamer,
he now can’t play games with you because you have poloarized him.
He has to show who he is, his intent, what he wants and be clear about it.
If he doesn’t, if he acts ambigious/aloof. Drop him like a ton of bricks fast
and move on.
You’re call.
Princess way that shows low self conﬁdence, immaturity, lack of self image?
Or… self conﬁdence, high self worth, high status, where you show attraction back
and let the chips fall where they may. This one save you a lot of time, frustrations
and less investment. You get to a Fuck Yes or a Fuck No.
Anything else is games.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I recently rejected a girl who was head over heels in love with
me. She chased me religiously for the last 5 months and loved
me sincerely. I didn't value her enough though. She has taken a
step back now and I have started to miss her. Can I win her
heart again?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t win her over because she is not a trophy.

She is not the prize.
The prize is the honesty in the connection, the memories of good will, the fun,
the experiences of sexual romantic sexy awesome memories. The directness, the
ballsy approach, the openess, transparency which makes the experience
memorable, rich and calm.
It is the experiences you build together from the begining to the present day that
is the prize.
Memories keep people together and memories also keep people away. Happiness,
feeling needed, desired both ways can do a lot of good for a relationship in future
but if games happen, it leaves bitter taste, it’s hard, it’s frustrating, it’s
uncertainty, it is…a…game.
You choose to avoid creating positive memories but the game.
You chose game above connection.
You chose drama above moving forward making it easier for her and also easier
for yourself.
You choose to be aloof instead of bravery no matter how a woman sees it.
In the last four weeks…
I met women with really amazing personality that I would have been in romantic
and sexual relationship with but..contrary to belief that a Bad Boy sleeps with
every women he meets…I had to walk away.
I ﬁnd out they are the women like most men, like yourself, who have a
psychological script due to either major trauma or something happened when
younger.
It doesn’t take long for it to show up.
Some even tell you outright and you empathise but this can only go far as you see
what I mean…
Moment I felt that..I moved on fast.
It wasn’t about their look.
It wasn’t because of anything else but the script. I knew that it is just not worth
my time because time is precious, valuable, it is a resource and it is one of the
most power resource called - attention.
Attention in this world is what so many want and you got to know, identify who
wants attention and who really wants you, know you, desire you, lustful over you,
want to feel you, touch you, romance you, experience you and ﬂow with it
without the games.
There is no point when you ﬁnd it’s going to be hard.
It doesn’t need to be hard.
It can be so natural and easy because you both want it, both in right frame of
mind and both have grown the fuck up.
I’m not into princesses or thrill of chase or give a fuck about all that. I’m a direct
type of man. Either Fuck YES or a Fuck No. I am sexually open in being direct as
well on what I desire.
It saves a lot of time and time is precious.
I don’t give it so easily but I will put aside pre-judgment to see, to experience, see
who the person is but I also watchful of the script, in how deep it is, how it can

eﬀect the future and what to decide in…the moment I feel that vibe.
I am always thinking how it be in the future.
The present actions determines what the future looks like. If hard now, it be hard
in relationship. If not sexual now, it be not sexual later. If games now, it be games
later on in the relationship.
If insecure now, it be so later and on.
I watch…behaviour even when I love words.
It’s not a gender issue.
Most men also play this game.
Way back you decided…
1. The game to play
2. The role to play
3. Why you play
4. What feelings you did it for
5. To fulﬁll a sense of destiny
6. To make your world predictable
7. To avoid the pain or fear of abandonment/or diﬀerent fear.
Together - it is called the Psychological script.
Your script is reinforced through behaviour and you do it over and over again,
because you crave for….validation, for the attention. It then becomes part of you,
your character and it’s hard to break free from it except if your desire is big
enough to heal the pain once and for all.
You never ever going for the dive because you fear you will lose the attention, the
“love,” which isn’t love, it’s just craving for emotional stimulus.
For many men and women, they never even get to meet up so it leads to deeper
connection, bonding, which leads to sex, relationship because that is not enough.
They ﬂake. They self sabotage. They do things with this push and pull technique.
One day they are into you. Next they are being stupid, acting all aloof, like they
are not interested, like you don’t exist or they make it hard.
Such people need that validation. They need that bullshit because their life is
boring, it’s not honest type of life, it’s ﬁlled with games to get that feeling rather
than building a rich sexy connection.
When they get that atttention they now act diﬀerent and it’s up and down, up and
down. Drama after drama. Negativity. Uncertainty when before they were all
gunning for you, excited, got to meet, got to see you.
They crave for the attention. They crave for stimulus like a drug. They need the
ongoing push and pull technique. They need the drama.
They need all the chemicals to kick oﬀ again for all the wrong reasons.
They need to fullﬁll a sense of destiny. It’s a self prophecy that comes from their
psychological script.
1. You see someone of status. Beauty, image, conﬁdence, knowledge,
whatever.
2. You approach or attract them

3. You now play the game to prolong so you can get that intense feeling,
with drama, with push and pull technique,
4. The other person does same because they are following a script or they
would have moved on faster if they are of higher status know what’s
going on.
They disappear from your life. They move on.
They block and move on.
You now have the predictable outcome.
You have fulﬁlled your sense of destiny, the outcome, which you decided and
created a game and the role for, long before you met the person.
It is now replaced from a feeling of high state arousal to a feeling of pain.
Pain is…predictable, isn’t it?
You can believe in it more than trusting someone.
You believe in pain, in the comfort zone, in predictable rather than believing you
are worthy, to nurture with honesty, empathy, and seeing the other person’s time
is very valuable.
That they also got feelings.
That they are a human being who may already faced pain before and
dissappointments - and - the experience with you becomes an example of hope,
of learning, of seeing there are people who have grown the fuck up.
Adults doing these games, adults like they are still in kindergarten.
So it doesn’t become a connection that goes anywhere or even a meet up.
Instead what comes ﬁrst for you, like most men and women who run such scripts
in their head - is to live out your lives playing the role of a victim.
It is comfortable.
It is passive.
It is a place of sheer fucking madness.
You was never attracted to this woman because of her.
If you were, you’d never played any push and pull techniques but it’s not as
simple as that either.
There is also your own lack of self worth, your own low self esteem, your own
story you created in your mind, your own game to believe you are attractive, you
are important, you are special and on and on it goes.
By the time you are 40 years old, you will be tired, exhuasted, your sexual drive
fucked like most men and women, maybe drugged up, seeing a therapist and be
like most men and women who write questions like…
“I am pretty, I got a job, income, car and yet…I am not in a relationship. What
should I do?”
Now that she’s gone, you value what you had but really you don’t value her but
the energy, the attention, the admiration, the validation you got.
Now you want it again, to be admired, to get all that attention because it has
become addictive. It has become a craving.
It has become…a..game.

A game that really, everyone loses.
It’s best I think to move on.
Let her live her life and you do some work on yourself.
She probably moved on and she’ll remember all that emotionally draining games,
and frustrations she had to go through.
It’s so hard to trust people. It’s already so hard be open to share one’s
feelings, desires and instead of it welcomed with open arms, they get all this
gamey business going on.
It is really hard to trust the same person who didn’t give back, who pulled back
because it is painful, it hurts, it’s frustrating and it’s heartbreaking. So it’s hard
for someone to believe it can be any diﬀerent with that same person they gave a
lot too for 5 months or 2 years.
For them to believe, you got to show for real you are sorry and know how to do it
the right way when apologising.
What to do?
She needs to heal, reﬂect and she may also tighten her boundaries, which means,
the next time, it won’t be easy for someone else who is genuine.
You see the damage thats now done?
You could have just said no and so she moves on faster.
She is now going to take this experiences if she let’s it - and - it becomes a script
and when she has children she will give them this program too.
She will also tell other women that all guys are jerks, guys play games so you
cannot be direct with them, You got to be covert still. You got to hide your
intention.
You got to be aloof. You got to be cool. You got to avoid showing your desires, lust
and feelings or you look…too..easy.
That’s one of the reasons why we still have the same bullshit dating rules and
games.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

What things can I do to pique a guy's interest if he's already
attracted to me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Avoid the mainstream bullshit dating rules such as..
1. Play hard to get
2. Play like you’re not sure
3. Being ambigous
Especially if he’s a Gemeni Man
How To Seduce Gemini Man
Increase the ﬁre for attraction:
1. Flirt. Be fun, upbeat and let him know you desire him
2. Let him know what can happen - arouse him by stimulating his mind
3. Exchange contact

4. Use texting to arouse but the goal is to get him to meet you. You don’t
need to do tons of texting but just enough to meet him if local. If long
distance then you need to be badass at it. It’s a skill.
5. Avoid any negativity and stay positive
6. Meet him face to face, smile, use physical touch immediately
7. Use physical conversation
8. Be more ﬂirtatious, fun and upbeat
2.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Malia Cole

How do I avoid ‘nice guy syndrome’ in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Know what you want.
2. Be direct in what you want.
3. Avoid acting aloof like some pussy. You have no time for games.
4. You want sex, or whatever it is, say it. You’ll get rid of many women who
desire the thrill of chase and validation that much quicker.
5. Lay it on the table.
6. It must be a FUCK YES OR NO.
7. They must be eager, passionate and excited to want to meet. No umms
and aahhs about it.
8. Anything else ambigous, ﬂy. Move on.
9. Don’t wait but be more of a badass than a pussy. Jerks who orbit because
they got no options and keep coming back like a wannabe bad boy.
10. Be the BADASS bad boy. You move on instantly if you don’t get a clear
sexy badass lustful YES.
11. No friend, pal blah blah as you invest too much for nothing. Invest little.
You can ﬁnd out YES or NO in minutes or if online, after a few days of
back and forth messaging.
12. If you feel this is going to be some chase…thank them for their time, say
you enjoyed the conversation but…you’re moving on.
13. Shut the door and say…NEXT!
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you say to a woman you see in public if you want to be
in a relationship with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Forget even thinking about relationship with her for now.
2. Remove the pedestal, the status you saw and thinking “she’s the one.”
3. Start fresh. Approach and detach from the outcome.
4. Flirt, talk, be light hearted, let her see your personality.
5. Do you like her personality? Can you see you can get along? Yes? Next
6. Is response good? Ok. Then paint a picture what can happen. Suggest
something, to do something together.
7. Response good? Ok. Exchange numbers.

8. Now talk a little bit more, leave with a laughter and walk on.
9. Note. That a nnumber is not a date. Sometimes women just give out numbers
bvecause they cannot say no, due to avoiding conﬂict and awkwardiness..
So if you ﬁnd nothing happens, then she was just being nice. Let it go and move
on and approach someone else.
Rinse and repeat.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What was your reaction when you saw your ex-BF/GF after a
very long time?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How does it feel to see your ex gf after 8 years?

It wasn’t 8 years but longer..
Ex - Oh hi
Me - Hi
Her - I never thought I’d bump into you in here
Me - It’s a sex shop. I bought your ass plug here, and you was all shy Oooh sex
Her - Haha. Yeah
Another girl, tall, white, white hair ﬂowing and it gets weird..
Me -This is..
Ex- WTF? How, when?
Me - ?
Girl- Well, you’re not dating him anymore
Me - ?
Ex - Yeah but you’re my younger sister and
Girl - So..
Me - (This is GOLD!)
I left them at it as I walked out, oposite street to get me a burger and fries. I was so
not going to be in middle of that.
68.3k Views · View Upvoters

What should a person do if it feels like life is not worth living
anymore?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Originally Answered: What can a person do when you feel like you don't have a purpose in life?

So one day, a friend of mine brought one of his friends to the recording studio. I
was mastering one of the songs I’ve written and produced with a fantastic
producer.
Relaxed, my cap down and after some conversation, his friend said..
“What can a guy do when you just feel like you don’t have a purpose.”
I lift my cap up and said..
“MOTHER FUCKER, get in the booth.”
“I was just saying,.”
“GET IN THERE.”
He walks in there..
“Put the headphones on, you know the drill.”

He put headphones on..
“Now speak and tell the world what makes you FEEL alive.”
“Erm, I feel good, alive when I’m making things.”
“Like what?” I said
“Coding stuﬀ but,.”
“BUT WHAT?”
“Well my friend said..”
“Fuck your friend, your teacher, your mum, dad and anyone else. Do that.”
“But what if..”
“YOU FAIL? IS THAT IT?”
“Yeah?”
“Then you at least fail on something you into than something you’re not into.”
“Oh.”
Last I heard of him, is he went got some books on coding, hammered it, and
didn’t even go to college, and got a job doing what makes him feel good.
You don’t ﬁnd purpose.
You create it.
You do it by what makes you feel alive but you need to know how to align it with
an industry that also makes money.
Be smart.
Do what makes you FEEL alive but be smart enough to ﬁgure out how to connect
it with the real world.
And if you fail, then it’s part of how to achieve.
At least you fail in something you’re into than something you’re not. Now that
would be one hell of a sad life to look back at.
Failing in a life you never even wanted.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it means when a man was playing around with many
diﬀerent girls after breaking up less than a month? As far I
know, it's not easy for a man to move on.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It mean he’s a healthy man, positive mind about sex, who can move on, who
doesn’t stalk his ex and is enjoying life.
That doesn’t mean he never loved his ex, or never cared about his ex but he is
moving on.
It is healthy that he can go and date other women and not put his life on hold,
believing there is some time limit to move on, the way most women think there is
some rule regarding when to have sex.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad that I'm not physically attractive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Bad?
It’s actually good.
You know why bad is good?

1. Because you know for real, why the other person is attracted to you.
2. You know you got knowledge and skill that works in the real world of
dating, sex and relationship and it can even help you in other areas.
3. You don’t rely on what a lot of people rely on which will fade away into
oblivion. Oh it will, believe me, it always does.
4. You get to concentrate on important things you can control like going to
gym, building your body, building your mind, self image, self esteem and
conﬁdence, nurturing your creativity and knowing how to bend the rules
to your advantage instead of trying so hard to ﬁt in, be approved,
accepted.
5. It’s pure social freedom. You get to be the one who can approach anyone
and even look forward to get a no, or someone to move on, because you
see it as your ﬁlter system to move on faster to get to someone who sees
you from the inside.
6. You can become the most reliable, the most conﬁdent, the one when shit
hits the fan you got it together, the dominant one, the rugged, the rough,
the sexual appeal type, the one who for the lucky and fortunate ones,
who see you get to experience far more they ever expected.
7. Oh sure, many will hate your guts, think you’re cocky, think your a piece
of shit, asshole, player, bitch, slut, whore……but you will go far than
most, be happier than most, achieve more in what you want, get laid
more, experience more, love yourself more and do all those wonderful
things you are restricted to do when following everyone else’s rules.
8. You get to never rely on looks alone and so, you got to pull in
EVERYTHING together, not just one thing, everything but it be
everything most people will not look at, leave far too late and when you
hit 40, you will see you never had so good than now….while others see it
all slip through their ﬁngers because they focused on one thing.
9. In fact, what you see as ﬂaws, become your sexual appeal. Your
imperfections become your cutting edge when you know why and how.
10. No one will see you coming and moment you appear, it’s a WOW. They
don’t see you got it in you.
11. You get to be a badass in life in knowing for real, how everything around
you works to such a level, you can know the diﬀerence between bullshit
and what is real
So…be bad.
Be real bad.
Be so bad you take what you got and make it whatever you want it to be.
There are plenty who want that bad of yours.
You just got to ensure you meet tons of people out there and you’ll meet them but
if you’re always wondering, always waiting, not doing…it will never happen and
you’ll think it’s because you’re ugly.
You’ll think it’s because your physically bad.
You’ll think it’s all you but really….
Your too busy over thinking and slowly your resources, all options, energy, tools,
choices you could have made, has been depleted.
You get older but not smarter.
You get older but less resources when you should have more resources.

So take whatever you think is bad…
Turn it into opportunities for someone else and anyone else don’t want that bad,
they can go and fuck oﬀ back to where they came from.
Be bad.
Be smart bad.
Be the bad that’s always moving forward and be proud of your bad.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it good to get closure with my ex? Our relationship didn't end
well. But he was my best friend before anything. I just feel like
we should come to some sort of closure or should I just let it go?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it didn’t end well, he will still be hurting. He’ll still remember why the breakup
happened in not a good way. It doesn’t always happen in a good way as there are
so much emotions, no matter if people talk about maturity.
Emotions can be very powerful especially when someone loves someone and felt
no matter what they gave was just not making it happen. No one likes to fail at
anything and walking away after investing lots of time and eﬀort.
It is painful for both sides.
I would let it go if you want closure. If you’re not interested in him anymore in
sexual and romantic relationship, let it go because it only going to bring things up
with points, devaluing him, and he devalues you.
Closure isn’t what its’ cracked to be.
You give yourself the closure if you want it…write a letter and say all you got to
say, don’t send it…burn or delete it.
Put all your heart in that letter of yours and then let it go.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

I treated someone like shit now he's gone (after 3 years) I realise
I love him.. how do I get him back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The train has gone. He’s moved on.
You was on a diﬀerent train with your EX. You kept messing around with your ex.
That was your ex and here was a guy available, but you kept going back to your ex,
messing around with him.
You see, when people get a good thing and when they get lots of attention, care,
love, value, they can take it for granted.
When someone is available, is there, has no options, you don’t see him valuable.
You think he’s always going to be there.
Until that guy gets sick of waiting.
Most people do not realise until it’s gone and until they go out in world,
experienced other relationships, get treated the same way they treated someone
else, to then realise what they lost.
The train has moved.

You stepped in a diﬀerent one which by the way was not going in the direction
you wanted to be but you kept on that train towards an oncoming wreckage. You
stayed on that train because you loved the drama, the attention, the validation
and now it’s not enough.
Now that train crashed, you want to jump into the one that WAS available.
Because he…was…a standby..
And you say..
“He’s my best friend?”
Then be his friend by leaving him alone. You knew he was there wanting to be in
relationship with you. You knew he wanted to date you but “best friend” wasn’t
good enough then, was he?
Now he is.
Too late.
Move on.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy thinks of a girl as a little sister?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He is saying…
1. I am not attracted to her sexually
2. I am not attracted to her romantically
3. Mostly because she behaves like my sister
4. Mostly because she behaves like a relative
5. Mostly beause she behaves like a friend
6. So she’s friendzoned
Personally, I don’t date nice, polite, kind as these are not enough but should be
part of the person already. These are beautiful qualities to have but they are not
enough for someone to be sexually and romantically attracted.
I won’t be in sexual and romantic relationship with a woman who reminds me a
feeling of ‘sister, relative or friend.’
You’re someone he values connection with and cares about but that is how far it
goes. Please don’t stay in that connection if you have hopes. Best to move on or
you will grow to resent the guy.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

When dating a guy, how long should I wait until I blow him? I
don't want to be seen as a whore.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then you’re dating the wrong guy if he starts calling you whore. I don’t give a fuck
if woman I am dating blowed me in alley, in car, in house, and on ﬁrst hour we
met.
There is no such thing as whore, slut and too easy.
You blow him whenever you want and he wants. In fact turn him on, rub his dick,
unzip and he be cheering you on.

There is only one rule.
“Make your own rules up and have fun together.”
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a girl perceived as "hot"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you want motivational answer or do you want the real deal?
Here’s the real deal..
Hot is about looks….not about being nice, kind, love and all ﬂuﬀ most talk about.
It is about how she is “perceived sexually attractive.”
You can read in more detail here on cute, pretty, hot, sexy, beautiful and
gorgeous.
But for now…she’s hot because she got the hot deadly curves….

So hot… you want to touch her and feel the heat. Very diﬀerent from cute, pretty
and sexy. She’s also sexually conﬁdent and desires to explore, experimental and
isn’t going to wait around like the cute and pretty girls.
I attract mostly the hot because the hot woman, wants a guy who is rugged, he
can be slim, he can be tall, he can be short, he can be whatever but….he’s a
fucking badass in leading when it’s sexual.
She doesn’t give a damn if the guy has some rotten teeth, or tattoos all over his
body, shaved head or no one likes him.

Or he’s a knuckle duster street thug or a no prisoner taken in business. Or a
muscle type of guy who looks badass..
They are the guys who don’t care about what other people think about them. It’s
really simple. The hot girls know he blazes his own path and he is just not
bothered what world thinks of him…

That’s unique in a world where people do things for validation, to be accepted
and to be approved. If these hot women wanted such guys they are plenty of
them, but these guys are challenge for another reason..
They have options and know the reality and not fantasy.
You’d never see them give any woman the chance to do this to them..
Adam Taha's answer to I treated someone like shit now he's gone (after 3 years) I
realise I love him.. how do I get him back?
The reality is, people will not fuck anyone who they are not attractive to and if
they did, you won’t have tons of guys complaining why girls only see them as
friends and not as a guy to date and ride his dick.
The only time that ever happens is when all options for most of these women are
closed. When tits and ass sagging, when they don’t get anymore attention, then
they’d probably choose that guy who waited and waited for them as they were
fucking some ex or bad boy.

Hot girls go for guys who are a challenge, who are unique, creative, rebels and
who can bring what the hot girls desire most of all - experiences, sensations,
pleasure and a sense of…social…status.
That they are dating and having sex with…the strong.
It’s not about absolute value. This is perceived value. The thing that gets the body
tingling, heart pounding and racing.
The weak will always be on the very low ladder of the species and we can play
political correct about it but I won’t. It is what it is.

She can ﬁx the teeth but she cannot, ﬁx the man. He’s got to be already Masculine
in the mind and in behaviour.
I have seen the most “how the hell” type of guys and always the hot girls says..
“He’s doesn’t kiss ass. He is not a yes guy, he’s exciting, he’s not boring, he’s a
challenge, he leads, he’s fucking hot at sex. He knows what he’s doing and OMG his
words turn me on. His got this voice and his word sends tingles through my body..”

And you can be looking at the guy and be thinking…
“but how, how on earth?”
Girl can look hot and pretty but when a strong guy comes along, slim or short, or
whatever - they are a breed that most do not see. They do what most guys are so
scared to do.
1. Lead.
2. Escalate
3. They got options and so they are a challenge.
4. They can walk away from a girl if they don’t get what they want. He’s not
playing games.
5. He has clarity. You know what you get from this guy but you don’t with
nice guys and any other guys.
6. She can let go as she knows he’s dominant to lead with sex while most
men are too passive to do so, and she fears such guys will judge her as
slut, whore, too easy.

7. Therefore, she knows, this type of guy is far beyond her sexual
experience or she can be comfortable knowing they are equal in that
respect. He cannot call her a whore or what is he then?

The hot girls can diﬀerentiate the diﬀerence from sex and love. Most girls cannot
even do that and think sex is love.
That’s one of the biggest challenge for girls, as they are still in this bubble that sex
is love, when it’s not. They still cannot seperate these and then talk to men like
men are women on how come men can have sex with lots of women, fallin love
with lots of women.
That’s the biiological of women talking to a man.
Sex is not love.
Hot is about…sexual attraction not love.
That doesn’t mean bad boys and hot women don’t ﬁnd love together. Of course
they do. I know many do.

But they live in a reality in seeing the world for what it is and not how they
want to see it. The way Hollywood wants you to see it.

Most guys see a hot woman and think she’s already dating some guy but these
guys still approach.
They don’t have her on a pedestal. They still approach and they’ll not waste time
sexualising, ﬂirting and saying what they like in a woman.
Many see passive men, nice men, white knights, tons of them but men who got
balls, go getters is a sight to see for these hot women.
It gives them the tingle. It’s a fresh of air. It’s exciting. Heart pounding. Diﬀerent.
Exciting and…she knows the moment she meets this guy, it’s on. He’s going to
lead and ﬂirt, sexualise, the lot.
She never has to worry like most girls..
“Oh what if I give him a blow job right now and he sees me as a whore?”
He is behaving in such a way she cannot even challenge him on that level of
sexualisation. So she knows now, she can be herself, be sexual instantly, go raw,
for real and it be like it’s the natural thing for this guy.
He’s not timid and his behaviour is far mor than aboout his looks. Looks she can
get from men but someone Masculine, knows how to make her heart pound,
leads and isn’t going to be passive is not easy to ﬁnd these days.

She desires this guy because of his Masculine mind.
She’s sick of passive guys.
That’s why she is with this guy,..
she KNOWS 100% he leads, he is not timid, he is not shy, he’s not socially
awkward, he’s not passive, he’s not a guy who gives a damn what society thinks
and he’s not worried what to say to hot women.
He’s got an opinion.
He’s the exciting one, the rebel, the guy who will pin her to wall and go down on
her. He’s the guy who if she was walking with him, he’ll pull her in and kiss her,
he’ll have his hands down her pants, he’ll slap her ass.

He’s the guy who doesn’t give a shit about being love, kind, nice but in time, she
will see the charms of this guy, his romantic side later because he doesn’t show it

early in begining because he wants to make sure he is with a sexually attractive
girl who is like him….into sex, into fun, into excitement, into being adventureous.
Most guys think they got to bt HOT and PERFECT to attract a hot girl.
Not so.
There’s a lot of guys who are passive, socially awkward, won’t know what to do if
they dated a hot girl and even self sabotage.
Not this guy. He will know exactly what to do, and say to turn her on so fast her
pussy be dripping wet and she is all over him.
So if you’re wondering why hot girls go with average looking guys, that is
why.
She’s the hot girl who walks on like she knows she hots. She walks on the beaches
of the world and walks into a night club, or street and heads turn but she is no
way going to be with a passive guy.
2. She is perceived as beautiful

3. She’s is perceived as sexy.

4. She is perceived as pretty

5. She is perceived as cute…

EDIT…
Why don’t people read the question.
Come on Feminist. You need to be smarter than this. The question has..
“Percieved” on it.
What do you think Perceived value is?
Nothing but assumptions. The attraction phase i which person sees someone
attracive but only sees visual. It is assumption.
It is “Perceived..”
It is status but it is based on assumptions. Of course the assumptions one sees
will be distored by the societal conditioning one has gone through.
Now I got to even write some more…
“Women dating Bad Boy is Fallacy…”
Let’s look at it shall we…

That’s why many women go for the bad boy.
They are diﬀerent, they are stronger and they think they can rescue him, ﬁx and
change him. They Perceieve this to be so.
It doesn’t matter if what they see is real. They perceive it to be so. It doesn’t
matter if it’s a mistaken belief with no merit to such a decision.
Fallacy is..
“a mistaken belief, especially one based on unsound arguments.”
How many beliefs people have today such as a man in red suit ﬂying on a
sledge pulled by reinderr and spendng tons of money on it?
That makes tons of money.
Does that stop most people celebrating and dressing up as santa?
How many people believe of a God they never seen and yet we got
religions all over the world, people doing it, praying, living by some rules
in books and sermons.
How many beliefs, customs that are social constructed and yet people
follow them and it’s become part of tehir culture and way of life?
We can all act smart saying something like that but there is a lot of fallacies in
world, and yet…people follow them, apply them, even when they don’t believe in
them to be…acccepted by their social peers.
That is the point.
It’s a perception.
Perceived Value. Status.
Look at the question…
It says..
“Perceieved.”
That is why…..it will continue…

This is why this happens…
This is Wizkid and girlfriend,Tania Omotayo

Iyanya/Yvonne Nelson

D’banj/Bonang Matheba

Ikechukwu/Sarah Oﬁli

Rihanna when she was in relationship with this guy…I’m sure you know him
well..and the shit that happened….

Chad Johnson dating Model Zeo Baron

Perceived Value. Perception ladies and gents…

That is why billions of dollars are made and sold from movies with story line of
bad boys, to romance novels and books like these…

Many hot girls are going to date Bad Boys whether anyone toots they are feminist
or whatever label you want.
That’s…the point.
Percieved. Perception.
This is why I disable comments. People just want to point, debat, argue and it
goes nowhere. All one hass to do is read the question which says..
“Perceived”
What makes a girl hot is her looks, aesthetic and what makes bad boy appealing is
that, the perception of status, the strong, the diﬀerent, exceiting, conﬁdent and
so on.
Credit Photos: Pininterest

and pixabay.com

The books omages I took using my moble phone.
27.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to turn on a guy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You turn him on way before you even meet him…by…his…imagination and it will
depend on who the guy is.
For example, going up to me doing all that stroking without the work before isn’t
going to do much good. I need my imagination spiked..

1. Dirty sex words using text/messaging
2. Saying “I’ll be wearing short skirt and no panties Mmmm.”
3. “I’m naked in bed and I’m thinking of all the naughty things I want you
to do to me.”
So build up before you meet the guy to stimulate his imagination and when you
do that, that gets his emotions going to get turned on, and these will run his
mind.
You need to increase as you get close to meeting him which is how you create the
sexual tension way before you set eyes on him.
That’s why I love sexually conﬁdent women.
I love how they role play being naughty and tell you what they want yout to do to
them and what they’ll do to me by painting vividly images in my mind. By the
time I meet I’m already turned on and even more when I meet to know she isn’t
wearing anything underneath her short or long skirt.
Moment when meeting happens…don’t speak, just look right in his eyes, get real
close, stroke his dick with your thighs as you kiss him, get real close if you’re in
street standing, then whisper in his ear….
“I’m so wet and I can’t wait to feel you inside me..”
Now you got his mind going crazy.
I met a woman did just that two weeks ago and she was real smart, that we met
close to where she lived, so as we walked and I am so turned on, we went to hear
place and it was lots of foreplay, eating her pussy out, multiple orgasms before we
started to ride in diﬀerent positions.
So build up the sexual tension…before…you meet the guy.
Every guy is going to be diﬀerent.
But for me, I can’t stand shy, or subtle, but woman who is conﬁdent, fun, very
sexual and goes full on increasing sexual tension with her words before we meet
and even when we do meet.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if a woman starts responding to me with short and
cold answers? Is she testing me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter what it means or why she does it.
I approach like this..
1. I know what I want
2. Is this what I want?
3. No?
4. Moving on.
That’s how it is for me.
If I don’t feel it with her, it doesn’t matter if she’s reserved, if she is shy, if she is
this or that is happening.
I know what I want. I know what I don’t want.

I do not take responsibility for someone else’s action. I take responsibility for my
own. So if I don’t feel eﬀort is put in or I feel shit, we’re done.
I move on.
Have you asked her out?
If not, do so to know where you stand. Invest little by doing that. if answer no,
move on. It’s ﬁne. There is no “one” woman. There is only the one who desires
you in same way you desire her.
The one who gives time, ﬂirts with you, has fun in conversation, turns you on the
way you do with her, and it’s balanced.
Don’t waste time with women who play half assed and act like they don’t care.
Find out if she attracted to you and if she isn’t, and just wants attention, move on.
You do that by asking her out.
Yes or No.
Anything else tha’s ambigious, ifs, buts, whatever, is not good enough.
You move on.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a man break up with a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Which man?
All men are diﬀerent and all come with psychological history, experiences, values
the way women do.
So it will depend on who that man is.
It can be various reasons…
1. Lack of compatibility
2. The giving is unbalanced. He gives but he ﬁnds it’s brushed oﬀ or what
he’s getting back is nothing much.
3. Lack of intimacy and showing aﬀection
4. Lack of sex and making it diﬃcult regarding this matter which she knew
is very important to him. It happens.
5. Or she isn’t sexually conﬁdent due to whatever reason.
6. She tries to ﬁx and change the man knowing full well what he is when
she met him
7. He cannot for these reasons or one reason, see a future together. He did
but now he is seeing far mor of her which he feels there is no
compatibility. He feels the relationship will be like walking on eggshells,
ﬁlled with emotionally draining events that he doesn’t want in is life
8. Or he ﬁnds he’s not attracted to her anymore and sometimes that
happens. They both lacked knowledge about attraction and knowing
how to keep the ﬁre building and mistakenly thought love is enough.
As you can see there are other reasons than fear in which a man decides to move
on.
It depends on the man.

Every man is diﬀerent.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

When a man wants to buy a well ﬁtting pair of jeans and asks
the woman shop assistant do they ﬁt/look ok in the back/bum,
is it acceptable for her reply to the man as a sales pitch to be,
"They look great. To be honest, I really want to grab it”?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s like women. It depends if you’re hot, very attractive.
1. If you’re attractive, hot, sexy, he will love it
2. If you’re not, he’ll judge you for it
I’m sure you know exactly what I mean.
If a guy said that and he’s hot, you’ll be smiling your head oﬀ and your heart
pounding and racing.
If he’s not hot, sexy and attractive you’ll call him a “creep.”
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a man breaks up with a woman, does it mean that there is
someone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I’ve never ended a relationship because there is someone else. It was always
because I found through time the women were lying, or they pretended they were
high sexuals and conﬁdent in certain areas, or I found that they were Covert
Narcissists which made me feel sick, so I know that feeling to immediately shut
the door on them.
Sometimes it’s behavioural pattern and they are violating boundaries to
emotional language and personality clashes. Something just doesn’t click, where
you feel even in conversation there is something about the person that’s not right
and you can feel it deeply to want to move on. You ﬁnd there isn’t transparency or
it’s unbalanced.
Sometimes, I ﬁnd the women have this planned idea in their head about serious
relationship when really, you don’t plan such things in beginning with that idea
as you haven’t much history but they are gunning for it. You can feel it and you
feel the neediness and desperation for it, forced, not natural and you wonder why
they are so rushing to want to label when we only just met.
So I cannot see a future in these women when that happens and I move on.
Every woman knows as well I have other lovers as I’m open about what I am
looking for. Makes it easier but even then, some women will lie and pretend this
is who they are too, until I ﬁnd they are not.
So the acient old age habit is they will try to ﬁx and change the guy. The biggest
issue is lack of compatibility and so I have to move on.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

This guy I like walked past me (although he could have taken
another route). On his way back, he looked directly at me (I
wanted to just take a look at him, but was not expecting him to
look at me too). Why did he do that?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know why you ask?
It’s like guys?
There are two types of people.
1. The person who does everything for validation. This type of person does
it to talk about it, to tell their friends about it, to feel good some guy or
girl looked at them, and always fearing rejection because it’s all
validation, to be approved, liked which is why this question and many
are..
“What does it mean?”
“Why did he/she do that?”
This type takes ages to even get a date. This type, doesn’t get laid. OOoh
sex. Yes sex. This type always being an observer, takes so long to even be
in a relationship when they desire it… and asks as always..
“What does it mean?”
It means nothing. It ended with nothing. It has no proactive action and
so no meaning was created.
2. The second, doesn’t care about the validation and knows, if he or she
doesn’t take action now, it’s history. It doesn’t matter what it means, why
someone did this or that. If they don’t take action, it is history, they get
no result, they will never know.
They know there is no “one,” and “princess,” and “prince charming.” The
unicorn that most look for and ﬁnd out he/she doesn’t exist.
This type gets the girl or guy.
This type of person gets dates, has sex, in relationship, grows with
experience and doesn’t give a damn about validation, liked, approved
because he/she knows, if they fall for that trap, they will always be like
the ﬁrst type.
You’re looking always for validation and that’s why youre not going to take action,
looking for hints and “why he did that.”
He did that because it’s normal for a human being to do that.
It only means something, like anything else when you give it meaning.
You take action in saying “hi” and take it from there.
That’s how you create a meaning to ﬁnd out “what it means,” and if it will mean
something to move forward or move on.
If you don’t.
It means…nothing.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it proper for someone in a relationship to ask her partner for
a weekend break-up? My girl-friend is insisting that we should
break-up for the weekend while I'm going home to my province
to visit my parents.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. She is preparing you psychologically to break up for good
2. Or really, preparing herself psychologically too because…..
3. There’s a guy she wants to ride his dick
4. She has been in contact with him
5. She has been planning in her head for a while
6. And probably riding his dick already and giving him a blow job
7. The weekend breakup is the decoy
8. And everything else she says is all bullshit
9. It’s a test drive
10. After she test drive his dick and maybe it doesn’t work out for her, she
can come back to you like nothing happened.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I achieve more likes for my Facebook page
https://www.facebook.com/theusualstuﬀ2017?

 https://www.facebook.com/theusualstuﬀ2017
Adam Taha, I mentor and develop strategies, marketing plan and website for
talents
Answered Sep 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You need to remove clutter and focus on one thing
2. Example, focusing on just technology and tutorials on technology.
3. Or on accounting and tutorials on how to do book keeping, accounting.
Keep it very speciﬁc.
Use also better images for your group time line cover.
You’re goal needs to be far more than getting more likes.
What’s your strategy, goal.
Is it part of a bigger picture i.e. website, future products or you’re just doing
without thinking of overall strategy?
The name, “Usual Stuﬀ”for a website is not speciﬁc enough and confusing. Too
broad. Be speciﬁc, tighten it to a niche to solve a problem.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do all guys check girls out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean a guy turns his head looking..
It depends if she looks like..

Of if she looks like..

Or if she looks like…

Yes I do.
I look but then I move on.
Or I’d approach if the logistics are suited for it. Depends on what’s going on, time,
logistics or I’m not busy and not in a rush.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you agree that glasses make girls more attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It doesn’t make a girls more attractive. It depends on the woman herself i.e.
her physical look.
If she wore glasses then it won’t be the glasses that makes her attractive in
physical sense…

If she also wears glasses and it doesn’t matter what colour or style, it’s not the
glasses that makes her attractive..

If she wore glasses, it won’t make her attractive. She’s already physical
attractive…

Do you think glasses make this guy attractive?

It depends on the overal physical appearance of the girl and style she wears, and
the conﬁdence she projects.
Does glasses make him attractive to you girls?

But if this guy wears glasses..

Very diﬀerent now isn’t it.
If a guy puts glasses on and he’s average looking wearing clothes like….

….90% of women won’t even give this guy a second look until they had their fun,
fucked, dated and did all the rest…and now…we’ll hear..
“I look for personality…”
The same women who ask..
“Where are all the good men?”
Glasses don’t make you attractive. It depends on your own sexual appeal you
already have.
Photo credit - Pininterest and Google images.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

How would you change a narcissist?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Change.
People fear change.
They fear the unknown. They fear stepping out of the comfortable routine. They
fear that which is not predictable and predictability is safer for some and that’s
even when it brings pain.
Most people will even self sabotage a good thing in a relationship for the other
person who has years of experience will realise exactly what is going on.
They will exert all eﬀorts to make their world predictable to feed their emotions,
to feel that feeling and in the end, lose the value they went for or attracted in
their life.
It’s comfortable to live a lie and to create a predictable outcome = pain and
behaving as a victim.
That outcome was decided, gamed, designed with speciﬁc role of a victim, oor
whatever role and game they decide….long before they met you.
The moment that person says something negative that reveals doubts or gives
excuses or reasons - you are seeing someone who is starting to self sabotage the
relationship. Get ready for an ongoing streams of negativity, whining about what
is going wrong in their life and devaluing technique, all to get a reaction from you
to say “no more. I’m done.”
That is the predictable outcome they wanted and now they can behave as victims,
or pretend they are saints. It’s all role playing, a psychological script in their mind
and they know, reading my words, what I am talking about.

I stood on top of a mountain and it took me a while to climb. I had to take time to
prepare, get ﬁt to do this.
As I got to the top with my friend who was cursing me to no end with..
“You’re fucking crazy man. Crazy. You should be thrown into a pysche ward.”
I didn’t say anything back to him. I heard it before and I knew what was about to
happen too.
As we got to the top and just looked far into the distant, he stood there not saying
a word. He was amazed not just of the view but how far he has come. He surprised
himself of what he can achieve.
He started laughing and well, his tune changed.
It took this guy 5 years to decide to call me and join me on the adventures I go on.
In between these 5 years, he missed so many opportunities and so many exciting
moments and adventures. No matter how I say it, it won’t be enough to really feel
the amazing experiences I went through on these adventures to the people, the
amazing women I met and the many sunrises and sunsets.
I didn’t push him.
I didn’t call him everyday or once a week.
I don’t wait for anyone to change.
I let people know what they need to be to be with me and then my eyes are all
forward to the next adventure. I don’t wait. I can’t. It’s my growth. It’s my life and
if I live in regret then I am to blame for it, no one else.

So I can’t wait for someone to change no matter how much I love them. I can’t
wait for then to learn, apply or grow, or change.
I’ve done that before and it’s emotional exhausting.
Love as I have always said here on Quora, is never enough.
Compatibility is very important and it is the life blood of a healthy, amazing,
enriching loving relationship.
To let go of someone you really love and care about is painful. I have done it
enough times and still, it is painful. You think you are compatible but you ﬁnd
you are always giving and they are always pulling back.
You are always adapting to their language and they do not with you. They keep
holding back and giving all kinds of excuses and then it is too late because you
shut the door and move on.
The pain is worse if you try to wait for them to change.
People make excuses on how they don’t kbow how to do this, or how they can’t
because they haven’t got room, or how they have no time, or they so busy, or they
are married, or not married, age, culture, religion to this and that or whatever it is
they always justify their ‘why’ and “what can’t happen.’
But all of it is really them saying..
“I am not going to change. You’re not that important enough for me to change and
do this or that. I am not going to be creative, ﬁnd a way, put the time in, ﬁgure it out
and do it because…you are not important enough to me…”
I learnt in past and still learn, there is no use ever being with people or even
women when it comes to dating who are not compatible, or low in self esteem to
such a level they are emotionally draining and stuck in that dark place.
It’s hard for anyone to change, never mind someone who you are saying is a
Narcisssist.
I won’t even bother.
Here’s what I did…
1. Go no contact on everything.
2. Avoid staking their social media pages
3. Get rid of any messages and delete all photos, videos. That’s energy. It’s
toxic for you.
The peace this brings to you is amazing.
You live an amazing life when you get rid of toxic people and people who bring no
value to you whatsoever, and just there to take for attention and validation and
nothing else but that.
Be kind to yourself. Put yourself ﬁrst.
Move on.
They probably already did that too, in looking for attention and validation
elsewhere. Let them. They have no value for you in your life.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of lips do you ﬁnd attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not too thin red lips that when they got red bright lip stick on, they look full and
you want to kiss and bite the lower lips.
Lips like….

2k Views · View Upvoters

This girl refuses to date me only because I said once that I don't
think she is pretty. Does she have emotional problems?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, she hasn’t emotional problems.
You hurt her feelings.
Any girl with right mind would refuse to date you.
You know how hard it is for anyone, not just women but men, when it comes to
their looks? You know how much shit many people go through even if they don’t
show it and deny it, regarding their own self image?
Everywhere you go you see billboards, magazine covers, even romantic and erotic
books, to cartoons, movies, videos and you see the “look.”
Even ourselves, we post photos of hot sexy women asses on here because I love
sexy tight asses and yes, I do go for physical ﬁrst and later learn about
personality. I’m not going to fuck about bullshitting myself or anyone else but…
saying what you said…come on man.
You don’t say that to a woman you are attracted to.
That is an old age shit technique called Negging. You say something negative to
devalue the person.
A man who has conﬁdence, knowledge, skill, experience doesn’t need to do that.
He doesn’t need to put someone down to feel strong or of high value status.
You see, what most do not get is status is also…about…sensations…feelings.
When someone feels amazing, incredible, aroused, they feel you are of higher
status in regards to attractiveness. It’s only one part, one component but it is a
very important one.

Feelings, sensations, are very important and if you make someone feel shit, well,
99% if they got common sense, haven’t emotional issues, they’d walk away.
You told her, she is not attracive to…YOU.
So she thinks then all you are doing is using her, maybe dating her to make fun of
her. You put all that in her head now.
So of course, she isn’t going to date you.
Of course she’s moving on.
When I read what you did, it even hurt me, made me feel shit, that someone
would say that to a person.
It’s not right man to say that to anyone.
People go through shit trying to feel good about themselves.
So yes, of course she doesn’t want to date you.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is there any point in waiting for someone who I love and keeps
waiting for over a year, but has already lost trust in me ? (I'm
not really sure if he still loves me or not).
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is only communicating with the guy and ﬁnd out. It’s best not to guess. The
trust issue might be a problem if he lost trust in you. Trust is a big factor so if
that’s lost for whatever reason, it can be diﬃcult.
But you never know only by ﬁnding out from the guy.
Your best bet is contacting him and talk if you can and if you messed up in some
way, then apologise, avoid making explainations and points, and see if you can ﬁx
the mess because you value the connection and relationship. Let him know that
and see what he says.
If you really love the guy then don’t guess nor listen to friends or anyone. It’s not
everyone else who will live your life, you will. So avoid wondering and ﬁnd out
from him. Only he can say to you how he feels.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What physical qualities in a woman do you consider most
attractive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it’s just personal opinion…
1. Always Ass ﬁrst. That’s what gets my attention ﬁrst…

2. Thin waist

3. Breasts with cleavage revealed…

4. Long smooth legs

5. Blonde ﬂowing hair

6. Face

7. Eyes

8. Lips with bright red lipstick

8. And the best curve on a woman…is her smile…and she looks at you like this…

Credit: Photos from Pininterest.
13.8k Views · View Upvoters

When a narcissist tries to smear you and you beet them to the
punch on social media, what will they do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t bother. Just do the following..
1. Block on everything
2. Never look back
3. Move on
You only win by not being in any game.
5 Views · View Upvoters

Which is most important when seeking a mate, a person's looks
or their heart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight.
Either the look such as.
1. Face..

2. Body

Or choose a woman because of the heart..
Then I’m going to choose both.
I don’t need to choose one over the other.
Photo credit - Pininterest
5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you move on and not care anymore quicker than usual?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This word here - experience.
If you haven’t much experience in living life to full your past will always kind of
look small, ﬁlled with regrets and not much else.
But if you keep moving forward with living life to full, then it’s not that you don’t
care as much and really you take your goals in life is far more serious. You’re on a
mission and when you’re on one, you know you’re going to create tons of amazing
and incredible experiences.
You ﬁnd you don’t live in the past as much as most people do and nor do you fear
the future becaue you live in the moment.
If you are not living in the moment then your experiences will just be
comfortable, in the comfort zone and you’ll create lies, your everything that
comes from your mouth is nothing but fantasy, false image and your behaviour is
always seeking attention and acting like a victim.
You won’t know or have real life experiences - real life references where you know
there is so much amazing things to see in world, so much to oﬀer, so much value
you have yet to experience.
I only recently broke up with one lover and people are surprised how come I am
still happy, doing amazing things in my life and still working on my books,
animation storie boards for the videos, travelling and dating other sexy women.

I don’t care as much because I got a lot of value and I am out there creating a lot
of value, experiences and stories.
Tihs then lowers the energy and frequency towards who you’re thinking about. It
is now channelled in a more productive way than on someone else.
Plus, I have other lovers as well and so I experience life to the full and live by my
own rules and not rules that are dictated on society, which by the way may
beneﬁt the masses but not the individual.
It’s just I live in the moment a lot by moving forward with this ever bright light
where I see all my goals and dreams in my mind, and I am excited about them to
such I cannot help but wake up 5am and sometimes earlier with a jump to get
started again to keep….moving…forward.
You need to create lots of experiences.
Get out of the house and live.
Keep creating lots of experiences, away from your comfort zone and the
frequency will lesson on those things to more on that what you are creating,
because you are moving forward and always or trying your best to live in.
Stand for something.
Something that scares the shit out of you.
Then go for it to always move forward without this hungry, craving need for
validation from others.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

From where can I get more pictures such as this, ‘Adam Taha's
answer to What does a guy notice in a girl while he is staring at
her’?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s where I get photos like these on Pinintrest

2. There is also

Pixabay.com

and it’s a site where people upload their photos

to download. You then credit the website for using the photo with a link to the
website.
You can ﬁnd photos like this..

Or for more luxury lingerie feel…

You can also ﬁnd all kinds such as landscapes to whatever you really want.
Pixabay also does videos, so if you’re into video editing as I am, then you can use
their videos but credit them.
Just visit Pixabay.com
To add, I also take lots of photos so sometimes the photos from lifestyle I live.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kuldeep Vashist

Is it bad that I never accept it when people just say "I'm sorry"? I
expect a long apology saying what you did wrong and telling
me that you'll never do it again.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. There’s fake apologies and there’s apologies that are sincere, genuine and
they are said with empathy and with valuing the connection. In other words, they
follow through to ﬁx the mess they created.
They want to ﬁx the mess and they say they want to.
That’s really what an apology is or it’s just nothing but words.
Many think apologies is saying “sorry,” and give out long winded explainations
rather than ﬁxing the mess and they don’t, because their apologise only to make
them feel superior, or to get rid of guilt and it is about them not you. It’s all about
pointing out and under the hidden layer it is nothing but to justify.
They do it sometimes to keep score as well if it’s a Covert Narcissist.
The Coverts don’t want to ﬁx the mess.
They are cowards, have no empathy, and really don’t give a shit but about
themselves and what they get out of it. It’s why I don’t respond to their apologies
and if you look at their apologies, you’ll see diﬀerent devaluing techiques. It’s
really obvious.
So no. If you feel the apology is not genuine, if you are not convinced, then of
course you don’t accept it.
There is no bad or good.
There are really no set rules except fundamentals on how to apologises and it’s
very clear, the apology from someone who is sincere and values the relationship
will..want..to..ﬁx the mess.

It’s your values and your boundaries.
Hold onto them because many will try to violate them and when they do…let
them know or cut them oﬀ your life.
I don’t accept apologies that are are just words.
If a person made a mess then they include in the apology to say they want to ﬁx
the mess, clean it up if the person is willing.
That’s really an apology or it’s just words.
If I feel it is genuine then I let it go and I know the connection will be stronger and
we’ll grow even more. There is no need after that to bring it up again or hurt that
person as some sort of punishment.
They apologised, they were sincere, they took intiative to ﬁx the mess and so, that
is courageous of them and they showed empathy, and they value the relationship
with you.
I’d see that as someone who has truly an amazing character and you cannot help
but to really love such a person or be very close friends with them.
That’s how you really show you value the relationship and you want to nurture it
and you’re really sorry for the fuck up and you want to ﬁx this mess, and if the
person is open minded to let them to give each other a chance to rebuild and
nurture the bridge.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is the hottest photo you have seen recently?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The hottest photo is when I was looking for photos for an animation. I like using
references as a guide line.
As I was surﬁng I found this photo right here recently which I think is very hot. I
love asses. I’m an ass man…

8.1k Views · View Upvoters

What ﬁve things have given you the greatest success in life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences

Answered Sep 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Know what you want
2. Be direct in saying what you want
3. Seek not validation with women when approaching
4. Yes or No. Anything ambigious, walk away.
5. Explain fuck all to anyone who you are. Know who you are and blaze
your own path on your terms.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I love him a lot and still want him back, but
he doesn't love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In any story there is a goal. You go and ﬁnd out if that goal is there. If the goal is
not there and you got your conﬁrmation, then you can move on.
You don’t go for the goal ill prepared so make sure you are mentally, knowledge
wise and how you do what you need to do as you only got one shot.
So the goal is “does he still love me?”
Find out if he doe or does not.
It’s not closure.
It is just you got that one thing out of the way and now you move on if the answer
is clear…“he doesn’t love me.”
Just make sure and understand you only got one shot and so does he. You
are giving you a chance and him a chance.
One shot.
Avoid explaination, avoid making points as these are justiﬁcation. Instead, speak
from heart and say how you feel and why you love him still and you want to know
if he feels the same..
And..you like to clean the mess and you like to do this together because you value
the connection, the relationship with him and you want to make it right and
move on together, if he feels the same and loves you.
If he doesn’t reply and give it a deadline in your mind or he replies that he
doesn’t, it may sting but it is what you needed to know and so….now…that goal is
gone, to create your own goal about something else.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

It's been around 7 months since my boyfriend and I broke up. I
love him even today but he seems to have moved on with his
life. I really want him back but I know it's not possible. How do
I move on?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this job, it seemed impossible as they said they needed the person to
have XYZ but I did my home work, I ensured what I needed to say. I made sure I
wrote and spoke in their emotional language and what they wanted. I even made
sure I can show in evidence for them to see for themselves.
It was weird because the company had some people who they did take on and
who had ﬂying degrees, and all they wanted but…they always seem to fuck up

and not have the passion and conviction towards the brand.
I got the job while everyone said it was impossible,
Yes, sometimes things seems impossible but you don’t know what is happening
in the mind of someone else.
You don’t know where they are in their point of life either.
In that moment…changes happens, growth happens and sometimes…it is the
lack of understanding how to communicate in a manner that speaks to the heart
of the other person without trying to score, to act like your superior and you use
that one shot as to save face.
Sometimes, even an apology screws up something that could have a positive
outcome because instead of an apology, it is weaved with pointing out
something, explaination which are nothing but again to score points and nothing
really that the other person wants to hear…
That the person is sorry.
That the person knows what they did is so wrong and how it hurt that
person.
That they want to ﬁx this mess because they value the other persons
connection, relationship and want to now ﬁx the fuck up.
So it wasn’t an apology but again, nothing but immature game scoring points, a
game and so the person sees they were right and shuts that door on them even
tighter.
It proved to the person the very reason why they behaved as such. It’s proof that
the other person never loved that person and so, they shut that door and they
also avoid doing the following…
They don’t stalk them on facebook or instagram.
They don’t see what they are doing.
There is no point as that person reminds them only of the bad and hurt.
They don’t because they know that person will be using facebook or
instagram or whatever to do harm to them in a subtle way.
They cannot even remember much good that other person did, or gave
and yes, it looks like everything the other did was nothing but take. It
was all fake, attention seeking, negativity and they got proof of it
through recorded text and other conversation.
So anything is really possible but you only got one shot.
Make sure to make that one shot a good one….without even trying to score, or win
a debate or even act like you’re superior with…
“Oh I don’t want you back..”
One shot is all you got so make sure you give it all you got.
But then…if nothing happens…move on.
You did all you could and so now you can breathe and move on.
I hope it works out for you.
All the best!
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why might a girl that I just met only like me as a friend when
she thinks I’m good looking and I treat her really well? What
can I do to work on getting her to like me?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Sep 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You have no status
2. Because you desire validation so much and approached in that way.
3. Even when rejected you prove you’re needy by still trying to ﬁnd out…
“getting her to like me?”
Move on.
You are nothing to her but utility i.e. your time, your attention and your
resources. Stop wasting time and approach other girls and learn to never
approach for validation because you seek it so bad from girls rather than
screening girls to a Yes or No.
If no, move on and stop using your valuable time orbiting around girls to
convince them.
She’s not sexually attracted to you.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do you still think of your ex when dating your current partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I don’t.
The ﬁrst is….I always date up and not down and by that I mean..
The more I move forward, the more I learnt from past and the more tighter I get
with boundaries, and clarity of what I want, and I don’t take shit from no woman.
I am far more dominant now and ﬁrm wth how I like to be treated.
I get real good at attracting far more mature, smarter, sexier, conﬁdent, sexually
conﬁdent and attractive young women.
Second, I have a lot of fun, my life is adventureous, exciting, I take risks and so
life gets better every step I take.
Which means, you won’t ﬁnd me stalking ex’s online, or even sending them an
email, or explaining, and..even thinking about ex when with women I am with as
I date. Or wondering if they ever meet me again.
I really don’t give a fuck.
I see it they had their time and chance then.
I may write some experiences of ex’s without mentioning names to answer
questions here or stories in books I am writing but apart from that, well, that’s
really it.
Now that doesn’t mean I don’t feel love for the ex but it sure doesn’t mean I am
going to suddenly compare my ex with someone I am dating next. Sorry but I
make better choices as I move forward in life, not get worser.
I see it as I am evolving man and the ex’s do not and will not beneﬁt of the man
who I am evolving to as I move forward - and - whether they evolve, I really don’t
give a fuck. It’s not worth my time to even ponder on especially where I am in my
life right now.

If they are not in my life, they are not worth wondering about as I date other
women, especially with women I am dating and life I am living right now. Too
much fun, excitement and adventures.
Live big, take more risks and date up as you go along and you’ll know what I
mean. You won’t give a fuck about ex when you live that. You evolve and become
stronger, better and of greater value if you challenge yourself.
None of the women I date are alike my ex, and even women I am dating now, are
not even close to what my ex girlfriends were. Far smarter, more attractive,
sexualy conﬁdent in not just sex but in behaviour, less insecure than ex’s ,
independant, not attention seekers and have a lot more going for themselves.
So no, I don’t think about ex when dating.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I subtly let a guy know I like him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I let a man know that I like him?

A man?
Best you keep those childish words to yourself. What’s to like? If you’re attracted
to the man, not some teen in some school, then best to use your words in a way
that leads to something and not play safe.
One thing most men including myself don’t like is women who play covert and
they may get away with it in society but most of us men, like a woman to know
what she wants and says what she wants clearly.
“Like” can mean friendship and most of us men have no time to be like most
men, being like white knights, to use us as utilities and access our valuable time,
resources when we got goals and purpose to build.
If you like a man as friend, then don’t bother saying anything about like. Just be
sociable and keep those “like” feelings to yourself.
But if you’re attracted to the man then ensure you change the way you approach
and what you’re saying, and let him know you’re attracted to him,
Ask him out for a drink and say you want to know more about him as he seems
diﬀerent to men you met and like to know him, more than just friends.
He will know what you mean when you say “more than just friends.”
Be clear about it instead of ambigious and covert.
If he’s dominant type like I am, I have no time for pussy footing women who play
covert. I like a woman to be very ﬂirtatious, sexual and says it clearly, with body
language, physical coversation and direct in a fun ﬂirtatious clear way.
If you want to tone it down then use the “more than just friends.”
Personally I have no time for women who play covert and dancing with words. T I
like a more ﬂirtatious fun diirect approach.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Emily

What do people think when my 13-year-sister hugs me and
takes my hand on the street? I am 21 and I feel that it's not
appropriate since she has a girlfriend-like attitude.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Mate, I did that with my sisters. We were and still are close. When I was 15, I
would walk with my sisters, I have four and one will hold my hand.
Even now, I am older and she’d see me and be happy to see me, and hold my hand
or arms wrapped around my arm and walk through the city. Most people know
this too as city she is from is not as big as London, and I get many wish they were
close to their brother and sisters, but we’re close because my dad wasn’t around.
I was really the dad, who was there, not bossing, but was there to listen, support,
and even when cat ﬁght happened between them, was calming things down
between them.
i don’t care about what society thinks as mostly everyone if not everyone is fake,
wearing social masks. My sisters love me and I love them. It’s brotherly and sister
love.
Appreciate it because one day you will grow, and so will she, and ﬁnd even you
live far away even in another country as I am and they are, and it be diﬃcult to
even meet at times, for sometimes a year or so and even more.
They feel safe, protected with me and also I am fun, exciting, the brother who is a
Gemeni, travels a lot, has lots of fun and exciting stories to share or one who
listens a lot - so they forget the harsh world with me as I am always just relaxed
and fun.
32 Views · View Upvoters

What does a guy notice in a girl while he is staring at her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want the bullshit or do you want for real?
If for real..
1. Her Ass

2. Her legs

3. Her body frame and curves

4, Breasts/cleavage (yes we guys know girls use push up bra)

4. Her face and hair

5. Has she got sexual appeal and conﬁdence

It won’t be in that order so it depends.
The bullshit answer….
“Every guy has preference and well, I see her personality from 10 yards. I approach
because I see her personality…”
133.4k Views · View Upvoters

I’ve been jobless since I passed the nurse license exam, taking
care of my ill parent. I’m ashamed telling some of my friends
about this. Is something wrong with me?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Sep 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know what you’re on mate, but if I knew someone who has been studying
hard and while taking care of their ill parent, and yet haven’t got a job - then
you’re on my top of the list as making you as a friend. Damn right.
And if it’s a woman, she just won my divided fucking attention.
You got nothing whatsoever to be ashamed about and you’re faling trap to this
idea that has been conditioned in society, that you are by the status of job,
income, fame, popularity etc.
You’re not except if you let it be.

The highest in society needs to be, the one who has looked after their parents, is
higher than the fucking president of a nation. It would have been so easy for you
to walk away and just focus on you but you didn’t.
Raise your head high and you need not to explain a damn thing to anyone. I don’t
and I don’t need to, and nor do you.
If someone judges due to that, be glad they never play a part in your life and be
proud you looked after your parents.
It’s huge thing you did. Massive action of courage and love.
28 Views · View Upvoters

How do I explain to my family that, as an introvert, I need to
spend some time alone?

 https://write.as/#
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I personally never explained.
Instead I focused on being ﬁnancially stable and when I did, I got out, got my
own place. In the begining it was a small place, one bedroom, kitchen and living
room was bedroom as well but had a settee type of folded bed.
Then worked my way up to where I am today.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lanae Cruz

How long should I maintain eye contact? Should I look away
once and a while? I think I creep people out.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I was standing in the hall, full of people with a friend. It was a wedding and I
personally don’t like weddings but I went along because he said..
“There’s lots of cheese cake going to be there.”
And well, I LOVE cheese cake so I went to the wedding with my friend.
Here I was standing and in middle of the hall, about 10 steps or so away was this
woman, making eye contact but…
She just kept looking and she wasn’t smiling but looking at me.
Staring
Friend - She’s looking at you
Me - No mate. More like trying to hypnotise me
Friend - Hahaha.
Me - Oh she ﬂipped her hair now.
Friend - Do women think eye contact works?
Me - Probably reading shit in cosmo magazine
Friend - Yeah but she’s still staring man!
Me - Don’t you think she looks like that statue we saw in Brazil?
Friend - Oh the one next to the fountain you fell into?
Me - Yeah haha. She’s just a bit taller but still, she looks like her
Friend - You know, you’re right. She does!
Friend - So you’re going to go over?
Me - Let her suﬀer for a while. We got 3 hours of this damn wedding
Me - By the way why do Arabs, Pakistanis and Indians have long wedding?

I needed something sweet to eat so I walk towards her and her eyes open wide
and…I walk right past her, get two plates of cheese cake, walk back, tap her on
shoulder..
Me - Here, have some. Looks like you’re about to faint
Me - You know all that staring eye contact don’t work
Her - I..erm
Me - You’re suppose to walk up to the guy instead of keep staring.
Then brought her up to meet my friend.
Does it work?
Not if you’re just going to give eye contact.
It needs one more step.
Walk up and say “hi.”
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

If you are a writer, how do you "step back" from your drafts to
review them with appropriate distance?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Updated Sep 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I write my draft
2. I write it again
3. I write it one more time
4. I then give it to a gang of amazing writers
5. Who rip it to shreds
6. I smile but heart broken, pissed and back to drawing board.
7. I re-write it
8. I hand it back to them
9. They rip it to shreds but not as much now but my ego still gets hurt. I
appreciate it but it hurts.
10. I am still heart broken, dissappointed. Knowing got lots to learn yet.
11. I re-write
12. Then I give it to big boss. She’s an editor
13. She totally…loves it but makes some changes
14. Walla! I got me an awesome novel
15. The publisher says, “sorry but can you blah blah blah”
My reply, “No, I will not change the hero into some half lizard, man and
woman. WTF!”
16. I decide to now release as PDF, KINDLE on Amazon. I am at this stage
now.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that I cry through every romantic movie? Or when I
see homeless people, starving, I feel sadness and cry. What does
that say about my character?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It says, that if you’re a woman, you can show vulnerability, can connect with a
man and show aﬀection, feel for him, give a lot of love, have a lot of empathy,
compassionate and kindness. That to me by the way is one of the highest factors I
look in a woman because she will be sensual, she will appreciate value, the giving
while so many don’t and are not intune with their sensitivity in a way that brings
positivity to one’s life. It’s a strength.
In fact, I’d date such a woman on spot who has other qualities as well…as most
women can be cold, cannot show emotions, closed up, too much hiding, prejudgmental and bottled up from past relationship experiences…and really cannot
show aﬀection and they are all about themselves.
Many are fake, covert narcissists as you’ll ﬁnd so in most men too. They pretend
to be kind, compassionate, shy, and all that but it’s a fake.
If it’s a man, same thing, he can show vulnerability, can connect with a woman,
feel for her, give a lot of value, love, empathy when in relationsip, compassion,
kindness. That to many women is a high factor as long as there are other
qualities…as most men are not intune with that part of them because men are
conditioned to not show feelings.
It is alsp very diﬃcult for a man to open up to a woman as he has done before to
ﬁnd it thrown back in his face or wasted his time doing so and is judged. So we do
not open easily and show our feelings as we ﬁnd lots of double standards
regarding this matter.
So see it as a strength.
Nothing wrong with you.
It’s a beautiful place in mind and spirit to be in and I hope you cultivate it,
nurture it and be proud of it in your mind. It’s a cold world, people change and
become bitter and cold, but you have something beautiful in you and hope you
ensure you never change due to whatever you experience in world.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong after no contact from me if I text my ex-narcissist
and wish him peace? He is in a dark place. Would my words
help him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Narcissist or not a Narcissist, you’re rationalising it’s all about him being in a dark
place but rather, have hope that something can happen.
Just leave it alone and move on.
He doesn’t want pity and false hope. Nor apologies that don’t ﬁx anything or
some news of peace. It means nothing.
Just move on.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

What makes you feel loved?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences

Answered Sep 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Taking interest in my life.
2. Asking tons of questions about me, my life, experiences
3. Avoid asking about dating advice. Go and read my answers

4. Doing your homework on me and there is enough to say what my
boundaries are and what I don’t like and into, and what is important to
me. So doing opposite shows you didn’t do your homework or you did
and your trying to voilate my boundaries. Do that enough times, and I
don’t care how much I love someone, I’ll cut them oﬀ like they don’t
exist.
5. Communicating in my emotional language (Gemeni Man).
Here’s about Gemeni..
For local
Seduce a Gemini? Achieve your goal by using these tactics.
For Long distance and local
Seduce Gemini
6. Flirt sexually, hardcore, raw, with images and it doesn’t have to be one’s
own images (gifs tumblr ;)
7. Investing in learning what turns me on and doing it
8. Talking about my work, passion, art, writing, and explaining what one
liked about it, and asking questions about it
9. Avoiding what I don’t like - negativity, bad news about world, negative
about gender, lack of sexual conﬁdent and instead bringing positivity,
positive attitude, fun, laughter, sexual dirty tallks
10. Being able to take a joke and ﬂow with it
11. Being patient and not pressurising to meet as I got tons to do, and one
year now focused on a goal. I’m goal business orientated and got tons of
things I got to create and launch.
12. Enjoying the connection and expeirence of the connection
13. Knowing I am sensitive so no silent treatment and be considerate or I
won’t be and be full on blocking one’s ass out of my life
14. Valuing my time,. If we agree to talk or call, and then when day comes
and you say “oh I forgot,” then I don’t care how someone was busy. I had
to arrange things. I am busy too and yet I can organise to ensure I am
available on time and day we agreed on.
15. Don’t apologise if you’re not going to ﬁx the mess.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop worrying about what other people think?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Sep 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you stop caring about what people think of you?

It’s not that I don’t care about what people think of me.
You have to really understand the mindset when I say as an example,
“I don’t give a fuck.”
That doesn’t mean I am always thinking or even thinking about “I don’t give a
fuck what people think of me.”
Instead it is a mindset that I take my life far more seriously than what people
think of me. You’re mindset is that you got these goals, you take them seriously
and you got this burning ﬁre inside of you, a greater purpose, that you just don’t
have the time nor the energy to wonder what people think of you.

And when you are so focused, you are on a war path not with the world but with
yourself, your goals, you have this bright light ahead of you, a greater purpose,
mastering knowledge and skills, aligning all to achieve that purpose.
In doing so, you really haven’t even time to think about what some people think
of you, what ex’s think of you, what the ex’s are doing, what someone else is
doing and what someone else thinks of you and your path.
I am so in the zone, where it is naural to not give a fuck but without even thinking
“I don’t give a fuck about what people think of me.”
You’re too focused on your goals whatever they maybe…
You don’t need their validation, they approval to achieve and not because you
think you are superior and better, or higher than anyone else but rather, you
know, you have many experiences in your life that if you follow the fundamentals
and principles of success, success happens anyway,.
You appreciate if people do take interest, encourage, vote, and so on but you
know the real deal is integrity with yourself and accountability in you becoming
better at what you want to do and achieve.
In the end, success is all about you doing the work, making real connections with
those who value your work, who are opened minded like yourself, who think like
yourself, who want to experience what you experience.
You take your life far more seriously than what someone thinks of you and your
abilities and what you’re doing with your life.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy really loved you, will he stay no matter what?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
If the guy is worth his salt, got lots of value, conﬁdence, purpose in his life, very
knowledegable and skilled with women and also with creating his lifestyle - you
haven’t got a chance keeping this guy if you do not tak care in giving him what he
wants too.
That’s not Narcissism by the way - that’s human nature.
Many men like myself know what we want and we won’t compromise on these.
Maybe if we were teens, like 17 years old or 18 or maybe 20 but not if we have
grown, been in relationships and now, we won’t take shit from women who don’t
give what we want.
That doesn’t mean I don’t give but I do ﬁnd most women lovebomb a guy,
showing all that aﬀection but when they do get the guy, they think they got the
guy but it is not true. They are also impatient, still immature, fueled by emotions
alone, chemicals, have lack of understanding the diﬀerence between infatuation
and love, and they are emotionally insecure, sexually not conﬁdent and cold and
so, if the guy feels that he’s not getting what he wants and he’s wise enough to
know..love…is…not emough…he is not going to stay.
He’s going to move on and even treat you like a stranger, cold because that is
what he got…coldness, games, immaturity, lack of aﬀection, he was the one
giving and she got used to this idea men suppose to always chase and give and
she is a princess because she got ass and tits.
So if a woman believes that is how it is and you are with that kind of man, forget
it. That kind of man will walk away from you after sometime/

Most men grown to believe love is not enough and it isn’t enough.
And for the record, an apology to such men is not enough.
If you didn’t give value when he did, if you held back when he didn’t, and that
was huge part of the break down of the relationship, then an apology and
explaination is not enough.
In fact, an apology with explaining is only hidden mask justiﬁcation and a way to
cover one’s own guilt of then mess they created.
You need to show you grew, changed and clean up the mess.
If you just apologise, well, you’re no diﬀerent than rest of people who take people
for granted and who apologise just to make themselves feel better and look cool
to their friends that they at least did something good or…to..score points.
“If a guy really loved a woman..”
Love is not enough.
That’s fairytale.
That gives pople excuses to be lazy, complacent and then expect someone to love
them as they do not respect someone’s time, value they give, and continually do
so and expect the person to stay put.
There is no excuse for not knowing.
The internet has vast knowledge to even get free books on these matters to even
how to communcate to diﬀerent types of mens, of diﬀerent personalities to even
diﬀerent star signs if you believe in such things as star signs.
There is no excuses to learn and do what’s necessary.
Love is not enough.
If you’re unwlling to give same eﬀfort and respect the person’s time, value, love
and aﬀection, then if that man is worth his salt, he will shut that door and move
on.
So be careful you don’t self sabotage a good thing.
Love isn’t where a guy keeps coming back when a woman self sabotages.
He’d be a guy who will only come back because he has no options, he does not
value himself and a man who has options will know he can do much better and be
treated better to move on.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I think every guy is checking me out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy isn’t checking you out..
1. The brain is always alert for danger and that means, you can be atractive or
ugly - a man will look and not because you is attractive but the brain of a human
being is always alert for danger, something new, any movement and changes and
collecting information, data…always.
We are pattern human machines and the brain is always collecting, ﬁltering,
categorising, labeling, storing information.
So women need to get oﬀ their pedestals.

There are far more important things a man’s brain is doing than checking you
out.
2. The brain is working hard to ensure to detect threat but also, any movement
around the man is screened. So you can be walkng and ugly, and I will still look at
you as that is the “natural” state process of screening, gathering data of
everything around me…. and you’ll be thinking I am checking you out.
It is like when women walk wth their….heads…down.
Are you counting the lines on the footpath?
Of course not.
You are self conscioous, fearful, scared, seen a man walking towards you who
isn’t tall, handsome, blonde fucking blue eyes, so your head in is down, and
assuming, yes…assuming he is going to look at you and check you out.
So appreciate how human beings by nature works.
The mind is working always gathering information, any movememt for danger,
for also patterns, for anything new and you….are new.
3. You probably got some pre-judgement about men and so that belief system is
emotional bias and make you think every guy is checking you out.
Probably always thinks that if a guy asks you out then the ﬁrst that comes into
you’re mind won’t be that he is attracted to you and wants to get to know you but..
“OOoh wants me for sex.”
“Oh he’s a player.”
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's your advice to a guy on his twenties who wants to learn
how to surf but was never athletic until recently?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You’re over thinking
2. Yes you will fall on your ass many a times
3. Now stop over thinking
4. And just get started
5. I know people who are fat that can surf better than my mates and they’ve
been at it for 2 years.
6. And stop watching Baywatch. You’ll see many surfers ain’t that atheletic
only when you get to high level, 6 days a week shit.
So forget all the if, and buts and just go and do it because what you are doing is
called “buﬀer.”
You’re wasting time talking, talking, asking questions, talking to avoid what you
fear. Yes you will fall on your ass many a times.
Get out there and do it.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I be alarmed if at the age of 22 I haven't been in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if you was sitting at home and you wanted to date and be in a relationship,
and thought it happens by a magic wand, and by not approaching, socialising,
having social skills, comﬁdence etc.
Then yes, be alarmed because it’s complete fantasy that it just happens and you
won’t go through many rejections.
But if you wasn’t bothered about dating and relationship, then no because you
got the result you wanted.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't men understand that sometimes when a woman says
"yes" she absolutely means "no" and agrees only because she is
the nurturing one and fears being rejected?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand, you’re terriﬁed of saying what you mean, to reject a guy because
maybe you did so many a times with other men.
They lashed out at you.
You experienced this a lot of times, and some probably called you a slut, whore,
or a bitch, or whatever. So through time, you started to worry about what
happens, if you say “no,” to guys who are attracted to you because of past
experiences.
So you then try to be ambigious or you try to say the opposite.
With it comes the added factor, that you’ve got tons of insecurities too, which also
becomes part of the game you play.
Yes, the game you design to cover up your insecurities, your fears, and say that
you are…a…nurturer.
I don’t see that as nurturing but rather it’s like a trait of a Covert Narcissist who
rationalises with this consistent pattern to believe… she is good, she is such a
good woman, superior, helps people, projects she is kind but really doing it all for
herself.
She is wounded.
She tries to project this false image that she is kind, she is nurturer, has lots of
empathy when there is no empathy when she says to someone “yes,” but means,
“no.”
The realirt is you are fucking the man’s head up.
It’s not for the man to understand your ways of thinking.
It is to hear what you say and you need to say what you mean because whatever
comes out of your mouth, we will take it 100% as what it means.
If you say YES, it means Yes.
If you say NO it means NO.
So though I understand why you do it, you’re a part of the problem where men are
sick of hearing women say, “YES” and it means “NO.”
Whatever comes out of your mouth, we will take it as it is and behave as it is. Man
is responsibile for his own actions and you are responsible for yours. No man can
be responsible any woman’s actions.
So say NO if you mean NO and say YES if you mean YES.

Let go of this game you designed because it harms people, not nurture…but
harms them, confuses and it can really hurt someone.
Say what you mean.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ever feel intellectually inferior after reading so many
brilliant, well-written answers on this site? If so, what do you
do?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I don’t feel inferior but inspired. Yes, it can be a 16 year old or a 50 year old. In
fact, I was so inspired by a few of the 17 year old girls and guys writings, I was
grinning so big, because they inspired me.
Other answers as well, by some women was very detailed, so fucking smart, really
knowledgeable in sex, in also psychology and another wrote about the black hole
and again, it was like hope not inferior but hope, that you can never stop
learning, growing, being better at what you want to do, learn.
1. Read more
2. Be obsessed with knowledge in your area
3. Find books, magazines, forums, absorb all that
4. Talk more to people who are far smarter and knowledgeable
5. Invest in yourself more and you set the bench mark on what you want to
achieve and put the work in
There are also other guys on here, they write about business development, also
science of disciplines on how to stay focus, to many areas and they too made me
feel part of an amazing species, the human race.
And inspired, to such a level I invested more in knowledge in my area.
Maybe it is because I don’t see life as competition and comparing myself to others
but rather, I really want other people to be smarter than me, wealthier than me,
richer than me, more knowledeagable and skilled than me because I can also
learn from them, I can grow more, I can even get to know them and learn from
them and even beneﬁt huge from relationship in regards with friendship,
amazing connection.
So it is how you see yourself and workd you’re in, and how you value yourself but
also, you care for humanity to succeed, to enrich themselves, to even have more
than you.
Like, when I see a beautiful woman, I don’t judge her for her beauty and think
that is all she got but rather I know there is more to her.
When for example I am outside, there are guys who are approaching women,
some fuck up, and I don’t go laughing at them or see them as some competition.
Instead, I go up to guy, and help without them even knowing sometimes, to see
them with that girl now..having…relaxed and more fun.
If you compare yourself to others you always feel inferior. If you are working on
competitive plane, you don’t work to be far more creative. Yes be competitive but
do so in a more humanity and compassion way, not a way to hope someone fails
and they don’t succeed.
Rather you desire they succeed and even far beyond yourself and even better,
with the knowledge you share.

1. When you see someone’s writing, see it in positive light, that they learnt,
they put time in, and so..can…you.
2. Nothing stopping you becoming better at writing.
3. Just let go of fantasy that we are born with it and it just happens. I have
been wriing for years, before quora, and invested a lot, so that is
something you may not see in other people who write answers.
You can also grow even more.
Be inspired and be humble that there is room to grow and go for it.
Appreciate there are people of more knowledge, far skillful or we won’t be
inspired and we won’t even know it is possible to get that far.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when you lower your standards and still get
turned down by a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s easy to assume the problem is out there.
Ask yourself these questions, be honest with yourself and then focus on one of
them ﬁrst to get good at.
It takes time and learning too many things at once gets you nowhere. One step at
a time…
1. How skilled are you really when it comes to socialising and not just
dating but overall?
2. Do you really understand the basic fundamentals of what attracts
people?
3. Do you really know what attraction is or are you just following like most
people do ,thinking it just happens by pot luck?
4. How skilled are you in social skills and not the social skills most talk
about these days? I mean understanding the woman you’re going for,
their world, their interest, their hopes, ambitions, desires, fears, hopes,
what they want in life and in doing so, you get to see a far bigger picture,
an exciting one to converse with.
If you know what you are looking for in a woman, then you know where
they are mostly, and talk to them to gather as much information as you
can , understanding more about them as not every woman is same. Yes
there there are similarities but every woman has diﬀerent experiences,
attitudes, level of self esteem and conﬁdence, low or high level of
maturity, fears is high or low and so on.
5. Are you approaching like you got nothing to oﬀer or do you know, you
have a lot to oﬀer, and do you know clearly what it is?
6. How are you approaching? Is it a mindset where you are giving the
opportunity for women to want to know you,instead of this mindset that
they are the only one to choose because they…are…not. You can choose
to say no too and walk away, and have opinions and challenge the
woman in a conﬁdent, fun, humourous,witty and intellectual way that
connects.
7. How good are your conversational skills?
8. How good is your understanding of the social dyamics ie. the
psychological inﬂuences of diﬀerent environments and how they can

have an inﬂuence and why?
For example,in a close social circle it is very diﬀerent to that in a night
club. Approaching in diﬀerent environments requires a diﬀerent state of
mind and that same goes for conversations . The inﬂuences happening
around you and everyone else in diﬀerent places, diﬀerent social groups
will have diﬀerent vibes,so do you know how to adapt?
Are you observant about these and have you gained enough experience
regarding the world around you or are you on auto-pilot?
9. Are you approaching in a way to grow or is it like throwing mud on some
window and hoping that something sticks?
Step back for a moment and ask yourself these questions and honestly assess if
you are really learning and growing.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to prove to someone you truly love that
you've been faithful the entire relationship, but they 100% have
it inside their head that your lying?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget it.
They have already started self sabotaging way before you have even met the
person. It will go amazing in the beginning but as time goes by, the attraction will
switch oﬀ and self sabotage begins.
Let it go.
They already have a script in their head ,have a history with it or will do
something in the future such that relationships end in the same way or worse.
Things get awkward, and it dies out.
They want it that way as that’s their game, yes, a game, a psychological game they
decided ong before you met them.
They do it craving emotional stimulus, attention, so it’s not really about you but
rather the feeling they get from you.
When someone says they don’t trust you, forget it.
That’s something about them, their environment, where they are at in their mind
and not you and if you have experienced relationships, you’ll see that pattern
crop up and though you try to be patient, it will be emotional draining.
If you've experienced this….its time to see that enough is enough. They do it to
themselves so let them go.
Move on.
They’ll never trust you and really, they need to grow up .It’s just going to be
emotionally draining and you’ll always feel this power struggle, like you are
always walking on eggshells.
It’s not worth it.
Believe me, they will easily forget you, easily say they don’t love you anymore
when the time comes were you break up with them, or block them, shut that door
down because they never did love.

They never had their heart set on you or a future of experiencing things together.
They will be over you in a week or days and say how they cried and now over you.
Maybe send you a long letter or message explaining, apologising but really it’s not
an apology but for them to feel better about themselves, like Covert Narcissist, to
feel superior, to score because they realised what they lost not because they love
you, want to ﬁx the mess they created because they value you and what you gave
them.
It be nothing more than to keep score.
Move on from them.
They’ve gotta lot of growing to do.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when my ex wants to keep me in his life
knowing that I still have feelings for him? I asked him what I
am to him but he says he can’t answer it for now.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you asked your ex to ﬁnd out where you stand because you desire and love him
but he is not saying yes or no, then you’re wasting your time.
If you were asking an ex and he truly desires you, loves you and you asked that
question, he will give you certainty on the spot.
He hasn’t so you are putting your life on hold on someone who is not certain and
personally, I wouldn’t even bother on anyone who behaves uncertain.
No malice to him as I don’t know him but you best bet is to not wait if your ex
isn’t wrapping his arms around you saying he wants to try again or if it’s long
distance, saying “yes, I want the same, I want us to try again.”
I’d move on.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What would a guy possibly think if you text him "I can't let you
go"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have to ask him. It also depends upon your connection with him. So, we
won’t know.
It can be….
1. She loves me a lot
2. She hasn’t moved on yet
3. She might do something crazy
You really never know. I doubt that it could be the 3rd one if he knows you very
well and you’ve been alright with him while you were in the relationship.
Just ask him and take it from there because none of us know the guy or you. So, it
would be very diﬃcult to even know what he will think.
2 Views · View Upvoters

Why won't he leave me alone? I have told him I'm moving on
and that I found some else, and to delete my number. He said,
"that ain't going to happen."

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I agree, change your number. Get a new sim card and make sure it has a new
number and then get oﬀ social media for a long while.
Block him everywhere.
If it does continue then you may need to consider legal action but I would ﬁrst
change your phone number and block him everywhere, so no communication
happens. Block emails as well.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys care about a girl’s body?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I personally care about a girls body, so…let’s imagine I am with one of my
lovers..
1. You can stuﬀ your lover as much as you want.
I love cooking. I actually got a book a while back because I wanted to know how to
cook diﬀerent kinds of cuisines, with just 5 ingredients and also, many styles of
cheese cakes.
This book here….

So with me, they indulge in delicious food and lots of amazing deserts.Just relax
or put on an apron on but no panties, and let’s have fun cooking.
2. Activities and travelling around world
So…sight seeing, nature walks, checking out exotic beaches and also, seeing
diﬀerent amazing places in London, walks, walks, chilling…walks and if we get
tired, no problem. Plenty of tube trains in London or we catch a taxi.
3. Compliments
Yes, sorry but my lovers gets tons of it. I love giving them compliments and if you
asked if your ass is fat in that dress, or if you look skinny, then by time I’m done,

you’ll be so conﬁdent, self esteem in the skies, you’ll be walking naked or just
with panties, strutting about, doing pathetic cat walks as you walk about the
living room but to me it look like a goddess walking around magically.
4. Flirting
And yes, imagine, even when the honeymoon is over, the ﬂirting doesn’t stop, to
know you got an amazing ass, you got an amazing body, you’re going to hear that
shit every time, I don’t give a fuck.
5. Cuddles, hugs, makeout
Yes, when you’re comfortable with your body it needs lots of physical touches
and you enjoy it too as we relax,watching documentaries or movies, or just plain
talk, and there’d be lots of talking, laughs and makeouts. That’s what you do if
you care about your girl’s body ;)
6. Naturally Sexy
So comfortably naked, like it is heaven because when YOU love YOUR body, then
it makes sex even more better and ﬁnally, it just makes everything much better.
By the way….
Right now, I know how to make 30 diﬀerent types of Cheese cakes and the book
was actually fantastic! Very well organised!
So yes, I care about a woman’s body..
I care about the woman who loves her body,who no matter what body she has got,
ﬂaunts it like a goddess with a devilish grin.
7k Views · View Upvoters

What are sure signs a man is in love with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’ll know because…
1. Time. Yes. Time is one of the most important factors.
2. He trusts you but it’s a two way street. You can’t expect a man to trust
when you don’t. He’ll feel it soon enough but he will invest tons of time
to know you real well.
3. He’ll communicate lots to you consistently.
4. Even if you’re at the ends of the world, he will come to you or meet half
way. If he ﬁnds it’s diﬃcult for you for whatever reason…he’ll
understand and make it easier for you.
5. He is consistently communicating with you. Remember, time is a very
big asset to men. If he invests time to share love with you, showering you
with aﬀection, it’s a huge deal because that time takes him away from
something else, and so, he is seeing you a priority.
6. He brightens your day with stories, poetry, if he’s creative in that
way….and even turns you on.
7. He desires to make you feel sexy, loved and hot.He wants to let you know
always you are loved, desired and…you are beautiful to him. So he does
things in words, and anything really to make you feel that feeling.
8. He will put eﬀort in showering you with attention, love like no man has
done before and those who come afterwards,it will be a tough act to
follow.
9. He plans with you about the future and so together, he will say how the
future is with you.This way he is saying he is very serious about you no

matter what elements are tinkering in your head. He is saying to you, be
certain, don’t doubt. Take it seriously if a man does that and plan with
him.
10. He takes time to know your interest and desires to see what your
interests are.
11. He takes time to know what you’re passionate about.
12. He takes time to even know what food you like, what you don’t, what
allergies you may have, and so, he is trying to make things comfortable
for you, and is showing he loves you.
13. He discusses sex too, and ﬁnds out all he can, to understand your likes
and boundaries.
14. He takes his time to say to you how beautiful you are and he loves
showering you with compliments and aﬀections. Hopefully, you have
high self esteem and self love to embrace them.
15. Even when he’s busy he will make time to ensure you get messages that
ﬁll you up with happiness, and turns you on with ﬂirtation.
16. When you call on him, telling him you need him, he will respond as fast
as he can and sometimes immediately. Not always but he will ﬁght to do
so.
That’s when you know.
When that man is in your life, don’t take him for granted and I hope he doesn’t
take you for granted when you show him the same respect for his time, giving and
love he shares with you.
16.1k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Does your picture on Quora reﬂect who you are?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have two pictures.

The eye is symbolises knowledge and how people live, governed, behave, by their
own perception, their reality. So seeker of knowledge and pushing the limits
regarding this in world I live in. I love knowledge but I also love the application of
knowledge as that is where the power really is in seeing with third eye.
I’ve studied a lot, vast volumes on history if human behaviour, to many other
areas. I just love knowledge and love sharing it too but the power comes, insights
comes from applying which brings us to..
The eye which stands for the third eye.
The eye of experience and that truth comes from action and self esteem grows
due to action not bein timid, insecurities lowers due to action in stepping out of
the comfort, relationship grows due to action in which the other person grows too
as he or she ses you reveal all, and this builds trust not hiding, not holding back
and not being insecure.

Wisdom, knowledge of unseen in which you cannot get from playing safe, doing
safe, and fearing social pressure.
To be at the edge of life, to go where most fear going and to say what most fear to
say and take the consequences whatever they maybe. To be vulnerable, open,
transparent in power in a world where people live with wearing many social
masks.
The second image…
It is the other side of me which compliments the ﬁrst image - who doesn’t
conform. fun, rebel, goes against social pressure to experience, high sexual and
not guilty of his natural essence and sexuality.
I attract the good girl who wants to be bad.
Like attracts like and I love a bad girl as I have far more fun, excitement, growth,
longer lasting relationships due to how both let go of the labels, both are
vulnerable, both want to really experience all pleasure with trust, harmony,
compatibility and without wearing the many masks most wear to self sabotage a
good things. Where intent from day one is said and revealed in all it’s nakedness,
without games and manipulation.
The highest of love - is self love.
I’m not interest in good girls who seek soul mates and think the highest love is
ﬁnding someone to complete them but bad girls who know they complete
themselves already…and who know…mostly everything I do is…bad ;)

Bad is so good, courageous, fearless, exciting, tasty and oozing with conﬁdence.
Both images reﬂect who I am and what I’m about.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are the possible drawbacks to withholding one's thoughts
and/or feelings for someone you care for?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. The person will believe you’re holding back
2. The person will believe you don’t trust them
3. The person will share how they feel
4. The person will again see you don’t take action to do something about it
5. The person will assume and….decide you don’t care or love them

6. They will now look back at your behaviour and see if there is any
consistency in this pattern and if they ﬁnd that is so…
7. The person will believe something is wrong
8. The person will feel used
9. The person will lose respect for you
10. The person will grow angry
11. They will feel emotionally drained
12. And then they completely dissappear.
I mean, if that happened to you, how would you feel? Same thing. It’s same with
any relationship really.
If you hold your thoughts and feelings, then of course other people will do the
same with you. If you close oﬀ yourself from people, they will do the same. If you
don’t engage the world, the world won’t engage with you.
You see, human beings have this amazing gift.
The moment you do that closing oﬀ often enough, guess what happens?
They begin to believe it to be true and mirror you.
That is what self prophecy is about.
Now you see into yourself in that mirror.
It totally changes the other person in how they behave with you because when
you do things like that, you’re sending a message to their unconsciousness.
That you..don’t…trust them.
No trust = no relationship
It’s understandable,
Self Prophecy.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

If your ex comes into your life again, will you accept her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends. There are ex’s I took back but they were very rare and amazing human
beings. It’s rare to ﬁnd such qualities, very.
1. They apologised
2. They never made points and explained.
3. They showed a lot of empathy by the following;
4. They took responsibility for their actions
5. They also did what many didn’t do and don’t do. They showed they
valued the relationship, the giving, the time, love and care before the
breakup happened by wanting to ﬁx the mess and…wanted to make it
better to build on relationship again.
Guess what?
I grew when they did that and growing for me, is a very big thing. I always say,
and I mean it “I want to grow together..” and that means not playing safe, pushing
boundaries together rather than holding back which take trust and it will never
happen if trust isn’t there.

I’m into self development, leadership and though I forgive, I don’t try again with
ex easily because when I am in a relationship I give, I don’t hold back. I don’t
bring some past experiences or excuses. I’m all in.
So it’s a big decision for me.
It is always painful for me to break up or walk away, and do what I do to move on.
When I do, I am not the same person as I am angry as I gave all I got and it wasn’t
enough and so the women I walked away from didn’t get who I am or just was too
slow to get on with it. There was something holding back or it felt gamey or
something held back.
It doesn’t matter what. It just felt like you are drowning so I move on.
That’s very tiring when you continue to give and so my twkn personality, Gemeni
steps in and thinks..
“Fuck this. Enough. Move on.”
And my other personality steps in, forget nice. He doesn’t give a damn. The Twin
Gemeni cuts the ties and walks. That’s my other side of me.
The one thing that shows to me that most don’t get is that a great woman is the
one who brings the best out of me, and by doing that, that is what they did. I grew
which is very attractive to me as well.
I love growth. I got to grow always.
It wasn’t easy for them.
I blocked on everything but they were smart in creating new email accounts.
They made no excuses. They found a way.
One even got a new phone to text me.
Other made a video showing memories of photos and events of our lives and and
then saying all above and wanting to ﬁx then mess. She had to learn that skill to
do that video. It’s not easy to do.
Some don’t want to ﬁx and don’t value the relationsip or the giving but want to
explain, point out to feel better about themselves and leave the mess. The martyr
type, the saviour types, the ones who want to feel good about themselves they
were good and did right thing.
It means nothing to me but just words.
So it depends and such women, to me anyway are rare.
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a way to seem more approachable to men? Some men
assume I am in a relationship already, when I'm not. Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes..
1. Approach
2. Smile
3. Talk
4. Tell him he’s amazing and you never met a guy who ( ﬁll it in with
compliments about his manliness)
5. Now ask what he’s doing this week

6. Suggest something if his jaw drops because he can’t believe women these
days approach men and he’s loving it
7. Then exchange numbers
8. Before you leave, text him something fun and sexy. Now he knows you
were serious and there’s none of this most do…
“Shall I text ﬁrst, call her ﬁrst? But what if she was just being friendly?”
“Is he really interested or was he being friendly?”
You remove the over thinking and have certainty.
9. Now you got it cooking
10. Follow it up and sort it that you meet in a few days or a week
Some will go for it, some won’t but it’s not you.
It happens.
That’s life but you’re not going to do what many do and wait.
You’re a go getter, modern woman, who got style, ﬂair and you make things
happen. You know life is about taking risks or be in crowd, invisible, hidden,
unapproachable even if you dress hot, many women are too.
So you know the only way is being approachable by being proactive and letting go
of fears of what others might think of you.
That way you choose and you grow faster and learn more than any woman who
sits around waiting for guys to approach.
Men today have been hammered with women don’t want them to approach here,
there and everywhere. They read it online. They read it here. They even hear it
from other men as well and so most are now unsure.
They also fear rejection too.
Many will appreciate your courage. Many.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think karma will make you regret if you treat someone
who loved you honestly like shit and dump him for no reason?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know when they say…
“Karma is a bitch!”
It’s true. Karma is a bitch.
It doesn’t give a fuck about who did what to you or anyone else. It will do nothing.
It will not even bother.
It will think..
“Yeah? Whatever.”
And you be like..
“You bitch?”
And Karma will say as it rolls it’s eyes..
“You’re right. Karma IS A BITCH? So what you expect huh?”

No one dumps anyone for no reason.
There is always a reason. Whatever it maybe, there is always a reason, whether it
is internally, or the person didn’t get what they want and you saw it as not
important enough to give, or outside inﬂuences of friends, or someone else.
There is always a reason.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think you'll ever make a diﬀerence in the world?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, deﬁnitely and I don’t have to do much.
I see the world for what it is and not for what I want it to be.
There we go.
I have now made a diﬀerence to the world.
I have accepted it for what it is in reality and world bows down graciously,
sometimes swears at you, sometimes judges you, sometomes expects you to
conforms, sometimes tries some games to make you look like a bad boy with their
pathetic nonsense, or call you player, bad boy etc.
But I don’t get mad at it.
Now not many can do that can they? No, not many.
Because I see the world for what it is and not for what I want it to be.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

A teacher said I should focus more on things that are within my
understanding when she read my idea for a story. Is my writing
too mature to be written by a ﬁfteen-year-old?



https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GZL-GDOd2cpkTIdX2EQJHvK6UEG9_m3Xrx8PbQC…

Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Aug 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your teacher wants you to be like good little boy or girl, who lives in a fantasy
land, where no one swears and anyone in that profession the characters you write
about, are all amazing people.
Your teacher is enforcing her bullshit fucking morality on you.
Keep writing.
It’s an awesome piece of work.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I will soon be meeting my ex who broke up with me and lives in
a diﬀerent country. I want him back. Do you think I have a good
shot since he agrees to meet?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, we’re not diﬀerent, men and women.
Man wants to be desired, wants to know certainty and most of all, which most
seem to easily forget, it is about ‘feelings.’
If he showered you with time, love, care, empathy, and he did when he
communicated with you and he made you laugh, and he was there when you was

upset with family and friends, and he listened, he gave, he admired, he respected
you, he showered you with encouragement, he believed in you and your goals…
dreams, he believed in you more than you believed in yourself, if he ﬂirted his
heart out with you consistently….BEFORE the break up when all went crazy and
none of it made sense and spirals to oblivion..
If…he did that before the break up…if…then….there is a…chance.
You’d know because he raised the bar so high, it be diﬃcult to ﬁnd men like that.
You will immediately say, “YES he was that guy!”
You know a man by the history in how he treated you.
Breakups are emotional, can make someone do crazy things and out of character
so you cannot look at that because anger, hurt, dissppointments is in the mix.
But you can look at from the beginning and right before the breakup.
How was he with you in those times?
Was he there when you needed to talk?
Was he consistent?
Did he show you aﬀection, love, admiration?
Did he try his best to make you feel wonderful?
Did he in conversation made it about you?
Did he tell you he loved you often?
Did he take interest on things like what you like to eat, what you don’t
like to eat, where do like to go, what’s your interest, wanted to see your
passion and interest, asked about sex and about boundaries, and all
kinds of things to know you?
Did he shower you with attention and admiration, aﬀection?
Did he do the romantic gestures in his own way to make you feel warm,
loved and desired?
Did he turn you on, make you wet, even when you was at work when you
recieved his messages and turned you on, like you was the centre of his
world?
Did he talk of the future with you, with plans and to such an extent you
also planned with him?
If you can answer that, as a YES 100% or close….well, ﬁrst you lost one helluva
guy.
Christ, you don’t ﬁnd guys like that easily in world and you’ll see that to be so in
time as you live more.
Many women will say that to you and even your friends, on how you don’t ﬁnd
guys like that so easily. Once in a life time maybe you’d ﬁnd that kind of ballsy,
romantic, sexual, all wanting to sweep you oﬀ your feet and do whayever to make
you happy type of man.
It’s diﬃcult to ﬁnd in this selﬁsh world today.
I need to say that not for you only but for many who read the answer. It’s not easy
to ﬁnd. It..is…rare. Since you know or whoever, you appreciate it such person
arrives or when person like you arrive if you did the same.
Second…there is a shot. A chance.
The main thing is this and it’s very important…

When you contact him, avoid the pedestal move.
Do you know what the Pedestal Move is?
It is where he hears you on phone or reads by text or email, or when you talk on
skype that you closed the door.
We as men are always looking for that ‘pedestal move.’
When woman acts all cool, nice and drops that..
“oh but I am not saying it to be with you..”
That’s the secret of all secrets.
Whatever you do, anything else but this.
Forget being cool. Cool is for school,for college, for uni, work and to look cool in
front of friends and co-workers and even relatives.
Cool is t to score points and it may make you feel better now, but later on, as you
meet guys after guys, after guys, you’re going to see you’ll be wondering where are
guys who are like him are.
Guys like him take years to grow, maturity, challenges, knowledge, experience,
and a helluva a lot more balls because it is not easy for man to open up, show
aﬀection, romance, sexual desires, ﬂirt, say how he feels to a woman and be
consistent about it and even share his concerns.
That takes balls.
So if you did that pedestal move then it can be diﬃcult.
If you did, he needs to know it was a complete utter stupid and a mistake. You
need to apologise and don’t explain, just say it was utter stupid of you to say that
and you want to ﬁx the mess.
If you didn’t make that mistake….there is a higher chance he also kept the door
open to you and if it works out, both of you will be closer to each other and
stronger, and wiser. You’d be stronger for future.
We are not so diﬀerent.
Men feel.
Men feel hurt.
Men also feel dissappoitment it didn’t work out.
Men also get emotional.
Men also get very angry because we opened up and were vulnerable and it all
failed and didn’t work out.
It is not you that they are pissed about most but themselves for opening up,
sharing their souls to you. We become brutish ourselves and slam it shut and
move on and ﬁnd it even more diﬃcult to put our guards down.
So as men, we are not so diﬀerent to women.
If you didn’t do the pedestal move then you didn’t attack his ego. You didn’t use
that opportunity to score some points to make yourself feel better.
The only way now is this..
You try and contact him but be mindful of your words, let go of trying to use that
time to correct or point out, or justify, or explain.

His guard now is up sky high.
The heart is where you talk when messaging or talking to him.
Focus on the goal, his heart not logic, explainations, details but his heart.
13 Views · View Upvoters

Why would a narcissist travel on a bus for over 3 hours a day,
just to see someone for 1 hour?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about the person isn’t a Narcisssit and you probably low on self esteem and
feel unworthy someone would give you that much attention.
How about we come to what your question is..
“Does he see me for sex?”
How about he’s interested in you that much or you feel you’re not worth that
much eﬀort?
You’ll ﬁnd out in time.
Be patient and don’t jump in so fast.
You’ll know through time. Get to know the person and for the record…
I’d travel to end of the earth if I am attracted to someone and fell in love with
them. If there is certainty, no negativity, fun, upbeat, no drama, mind games,
she’s great at ﬂirting, not taking it seriously with dark and gloom and focus on us
than drama, and it’s not all about her…and woman is mature, patient, loves
communication… I’d travel to another city or end of world, no problem.
If that makes me a Narcisssit then hey, I’m a Narcissist.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make my ex realize that I have changed?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can’t make anyone realise through explaining anything.
So what else is there?
How much do you really love this person and valued what they gave?
If you’re serious then here we go…
1. Apologise.
2. Don’t explain this and that. Just say you are sorry you hurt him/her, and
you take full responsibility for what you did. That when you did this and
that, it was wrong, hurtful and you now see how much it has hurt
her/him. That is the ﬁrst step of an apology that shows empathy.
3. Avoid explaining or say if only he/she did this or you meant that. Avoid
that at all costs. Lead always with full 100% empathy.
4. Second step…revealing how you value the person in leading to want to
ﬁx the mess and build on the relationship if they are willing.
5. You say to your ex you want to ﬁx this mess and you like to try because
you value them, you value what you had, you value the relationship with
them, what the person gave, and you so want it to make it work.

6. Explain how you will ﬁx it and you would like to work together in doing
it, if they want to as well.
Now see what your ex says.
People don’t care about what you know, what, how, explainations….until they
know how much you really care. Because you explaining is only for you to make
points and feel better about yourself and to rationalise how you are now a good
person and you can now leave the mess and move on. That doesn’t show the
other person you really valued them.
It’s talk to cover guilt and to pat oneself on back.
But leading with wanting to ﬁx the mess at end of apologys really shows how
much you mean business and you really valued the person.
Now if you do these steps and the person still doesn’t want to meet half way, says
to you they moved on, and they are unwlling to renewing the communication,
relationship then ﬁne.
Now you really did your best for real.
It wasn’t about feeling better or scoring points. You really valued them and you
did it so because it was all real as well from you.
Hope all works out for you and good luck.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend broke up with me because he said other girls are
hotter. How do I get him back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want him back?
What for?
One of my friends, when I was at school, 15 years old, said that to his girlfriend. So
when a guy says that, he’s not there yet and mature to understand shit and he
won’t value that moment.
You know that moment?
When a man never forgets that moment in which you connected with him or he
approached you. That moment, special moment deﬁnes it all.
Before that moment, he wanted to love someone, to have that deep connection, to
be loved and love, to give to someone and they give too…. but when you’re not
there ye…they forget what they didn’t have.
They forget that yearning.
They forget that loneliness.
They forget where they were before they met you,
The maturity is not there and hasn’t experienced life yet but when most do, they
see what is out there.
They will get hurt, they will give, they will be taken advantage of, they will yearn
for more than what they wanted before.
He’s not there yet to value you and what you give.
The more you give, the more they act all distant or do not give back, and it’s just
feels empty, like you are doing all giving.

You don’t want to be there.
He compared you to others and shows he has yet to live, experience, and also see
what is beauty for real.
He doesn’t see it yet and won’t for a long while, maybe years.
Move on and be with someone of maturity who when you give, they value you
and they too want to give and they do so.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can you "screen" a man to ﬁnd out if he is a commitment
type-like what kind of questions would you ask him; if I am not
interested in the player type of guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You won’t need to worry about the “player.”
We would have screened you out in a matter of seconds. You know how we know?
It’s very smple..
1. Flirt
2. Sexualise
3. Behave sexual
4. And tell you straight what we want
5. Then we watch you squirm, or show insecurity and the fairytale
wonderland that sex deﬁnes you and will keep a man.
6. We’ll wait for words like “creep, player, asshole, jerk.”
7. These do not deﬁne us but deﬁnes you, your reality, whete women is in
the bubble not the “player.” We left that bubble. We don’t believe in the
one where you can dictate, control relationship with sex or dangle it like
a carrot, or that we are ashamed of sex or guilty about it. We own it! Love
it! Proud of our desire and lust for it.
8. We will know if you’re sexually available or not because your own
behaviour instantly reveals it so.
So don’t worry about player.
We got this code.
We go “BOO!”
Replace the “BOO!” with the word “sex.”
If you’re honest and not after status, you’ll back away and move on and not do all
that ﬁxing a man thing and pretend you didn’t know who we are, what we want.
We know how that rolls.
Yes, we know, you want to be in control of the sex selection. Makes you feel you
got power and control
Bursting bubble here - sex doesn’t keep a man and never will.
It will for some guy who hasn’t options and never really got much resources but
when you with-hold sex from some conﬁdent guy who got options, because you
see it as some magic key for long-term and feel special, well, you’re on dangerous
grounds.
Just say..

“I don’t want to have sex until 20 dates.”
That’s our cue to know there is a pyschological issue and biological problem we
don’t want to carry.
We know there is now a power game going on and we’ll move on
See, very simple.
Just say “no sex,” and we’ll leave you to all those nice guys who will wine, dine for
months hoping they have sex because they see trophy.
I mean that is what one is saying when thinking sex deﬁnes them and want to
dangle it like some carrot like it’s some big deal.
Then call us men “players.”
No, we know what that word means.
Player = a guy who is unwlling to play by the traditional and women’s dating
rules. Therefore we are called players as we cannot be dictated by using sex.
Other men can be dictated by that not the “players.”
Yes, we know, “if guy has sex he will leave.”
No one said sex keeps a man.
If a man stays for sex and waits for months for it, that’s..a player for real and the
woman is playing to entrap the man in a relationship.
Man who is worth is salt will say what he wants and be direct but most aren’t
because they fear being labelled as player and that means he fears losing the
woman.
“Players” do not fear losing women.
We want women to say what they want and not be fairytale mode to make it
easier for us because most see us and try to ﬁx, change.
It’s appealing to meet a man of conﬁdence and who is bold, and knows what he
wants, has charm, and yes, cockiness especially in times where men become
timid these days and boring, and predictable.
But calling men players is like giving way to the labels of..women being labeled as
SLUTS..too easy, whores.
Like us to call women sluts, too easy and whores?
Don’t call men players.
That simple.
Just say no to sex or say “no sex until 10/20 dates!”
We’ll laugh and move on.
Here’s another tip….
You need to worry about the rest of the men orbiting around you, being
friends, pretending they don’t want to get into your pants. Or the guys who
say..
“Oh you have an amazing personality.”
They are not so direct. They act covert.
We are direct in every way.

So let go of the pedestal.
It doesn’t exist.
We are direct.
Women are covert and we understand why, no problem.
So do the many men that do the covert.
But players, no, we don’t hide our intent. You’ll hear it and see it. You can see us
coming loud and clear and we will ensure, wthout a doubt women do.
You can’t see other guys coming.
We also cannot see you coming so we have to screen you out and we do it by
ﬂirting, sexualisation to see where you are at mind wise and sexual available or
not. If not, we move on.
So when that happen, no problem, just smile, pull back and move on.
Oh just one ﬁnal tip…
When you’re with a man alone, take responsibility for your sexuality and
stop blamng men for not being responsibile for your own sexuality.
Just say no to sex.
That simple.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been shocked when your date took oﬀ her
makeup?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Aug 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
I met her in a night club. She had make up on. She looked alright, you know, looks
attractive. It was an amazing click.
Like you found someone who wants what you want, desires what you want and
even got her hands down your trouser, stroking your dick, grinning and no
games, and none of the bullshit and so we go home.
I get some drinks sorted in house and we agree we need to shower, even when we
are all over each other. We have been dancing like crazy so yeah, shower.
She goes to shower, I am laying down on bed, chilling and then she comes out
with no make up and..
She looks fucking stunning!
I said to her as we fucked, looking deep into her eyes, her soul and said…
“You know without make up, you look fucking hot. Sexy. Like a Goddess..”
And since then, for a year she never wore make up when dating me, and she
seemed happier too about it, like she didn’t give a shit and well, I loved it, she had
that oozing conﬁdence about her without the makeup.
Now don’t get me wrong, I don’t care if a woman wears or don’t. Not my business
really. Whatever ﬂoats a woman’s boat.
But she looked stunning without it.

You can see her, that smooth skin, those amazing freckles, and when she smiled
those cheeks, and just naturally beautiful. She had that tiny mole dot she hid
under all that makeup which made her even more gorgeous. Cute, sexy and
oozing with natural beauty.
I was surprised she wore make up. Puzzled me.
After break up though, she dated some guy and well, make up back on.
Sad really, she looked amazing without it.
27.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do the guys I meet hurt me emotionally, even though I
would never try to hurt them or do them wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. The psychology script in your head where you don’t believe you're
attractive and so you reinforce that script with your behaviour.
2. This is game in whch you decide very young to FEEL what you want,
even if it attracts and creates drama because you probably never got the
attenton, or became insecure about your look due to past experiences or
trauma you later experienced.
3. You decided the game and what role to play, whether princess, victim,
damsel in distress, manpulator. saviour or whatever role to get those
feelings which makes your world predictable. The predictability is the
sense of fulﬁlled destinty.
4. You go for either guys of high status or hot good looking guys, or good
looks….but really nothing whatsoever about value, compatibility and
truly enriching relationship.
5. The feelings in begining of attracting such guys feeds your emotions,
makes you feel what you want. This feeling is addictive and so everytime
you do it, even when it is temporary, you begin to crave for it. You do it
for this craving as you get validated.
6. In the end it always leads to that predictable outcome which is where you
reinforce the script that’s inside your head (the game and role you play)
to be stronger and stronger by your behaviour.
7. Each time you behave that role and play that game, the lie you invented
becomes real. Say the lie enough times or hear it enough times and you
begin to believe it and even play it out.
8. You will even rationalise to justify while pretending to not justify your
actions. It is a false image and it desires to feel the emotions. It craves to
feel these feelings of being wanted, accepted and validated.
9. Your behaviour creates that predictable outcome….to avoid the truth of
what’s going on inside you.
10. The predictable outcome is your sense of fulﬁlling your destinty in
which you behave in such a way like you didn’t know what that these
guys wants to self sabotage, to ﬁx the guy, to change the guy, and they
then behave back you for doing so.
11. No one likes being played, ﬁxed and changed so they get really pissed
with you for even trying to do what other girls have tried to do on them.
12. You don’t get validated by how you played the game. Now you call them
players, bad boys, jerks or even the new trend these days…Narcisssits.
Every guy is now a Narcissist or a Somatic Narcissist like we completed
degrees and training to be able to diagnose.

13. The result is the self prophecy and predictable outcome which you and
many women are so surprised and claim…
“Men always want to date me for sex.”
“Guys only want me for my body and not my personality.”
“Why do guys hurt me emotonally when I would never hurt them”
But you do hurt them because you knew what they desire and blatant they are as I
am in what we want, what we seek, what we desire.
You won’t believe but here, right now, as I write, many read my answers and still
want to ﬁx, change me and still say they didn’t know, and still they say they only
know now what is important to me.
Read how many answers I wrote here and each one reveals my values as clear as
day.
How can anyone not know after thousands of answers?
Answers that reveal what my values are, what I desire in women, in relationship,
what I don’t want and yet, there is it and many will do the opposite?
Because they see status.
They do not see the man and so with status, it is about getting the feeling, that
shared power, to associate, to be part of, to connect, to enjoin but not of the man
but of the script.
Therefore, many men are simple and science has revealed what attract men in
begining and man will also say what is compatible and if written as an example,
even easier, isn’t it but the script is so strong, that desire for validation from
someone stronger, far more conﬁdent, with far more resources that they don’t see
a human being, a man but their cravings and so what they hear or read goes in on
ear and out of the other.
All to create this predictable worid.
Pain is predictable.
Happiness isn’t.
Pain is familiar.
Happiness for many isn’t.
Pain is easy to get.
Happiness isn’t because you don’t get it, no one can complete you, like
then myth of soul mate.
What gets you ﬁrst in this world is…emotions.
The fairytale then kicks in that if you can at least change that person to the image
that’s in your head you not only have a stonger man, a conﬁdent man, a man of
many abilities and a man of high self worth and vast experience in sex….sexual
conﬁdent, and amazing communication skills but you got yourself a Prince
Charming, a knight to now validate you are..attractive.
You hurt them by trying to ﬁx them, change them and play games in doing so,
pretending you don’t know to avoid what they desire….and that..hurts them. You
pretend you don’t know what they want but really you did as that was what you
wanted that guy for but…that idea of the full package, in which if you can control
that person, ﬁx that person, change that person to be that knight shining, you got
it made.
The absolute, perfect soul mate myth.

Conditioned in us from the day we are born and crawl and walk.
Then you behave like you’re the good, the honest, to cover the guilt of that game
you played, or the pain of it or the game you’re playing with yourself. It may make
you feel better for a while blaming them and even apologising,or explaining but
really it’s temporary feeling.
You may have scored points but so what.
When has a pedestal ever do to enrich one’s life?
And then the guy realises what’s going on.
They got some ﬁxer, changer in their hands and not the girl they really thought is
and that’s when they don’t care about why you did it, the details, explainations
and apologise because it means nothing.
Like this question..
Margo Mitchell's answer to Do most men prefer that a girlfriend just disappears
instead of talking to him about why the relationship is not working? It's been a
year, and I'm tired of asking questions and being told I just need to be happy. I do,
but I need answers too.
They are now in a mess of emotions.
They are now with a history of memories of a girl.
They have to clean that mess up themselves.
That’s when they too are human beings who desire something. They said and
behaved to show what they desire
Now the guy gets dissappointed that once again, out of all he thought would not
label him as players, bad boys, jerks, and who would trust that guy, and embrace
the guy for all he is, take him for what he says and what he desires…has
unfortunately….met a girl who sees the guy as…a..project to…ﬁx.
They have been gamed in a way for someone to fulﬁll their sense of destinty. So
yes, they do see you trying to hurt them even if you don’t see it that way. They
will and so will I.
And you can say whatever, you can to apologise, it’s ﬁne if you do but it is useless.
It is but nothing but to point and to dig again at someone. That is wy they block,
stay away because you woman got some unﬁnished business and so she’ll say
something in covert way to score some points.
It may not be intentional but her wording, her behaviour will hurt the guy and he
has to dissappear, move fast and far away as possible. He knows what’s coming.
He has seen it far too often.
Here’s the thing..
Have you ever wondered who is now going to clean that mess up?
You know, that mess you don’t want to ﬁx but walk away from, blame it on, maybe
apologise for but not ﬁx so you again can feel those emotions, and feel better
about yourself, feel you are the good person, the one who did their best to at least
try to…move on…leaving that mess stay as a mess.
People who have empathy take responsibility for their actions and who care
about the person does and they show they value thay person, that relationship
by…wanting to…asking and desiring to want to ﬁx the mess.
That’s an apology. That’s cleaning the mess. That’s taking responsibility for one’s
own game. That’s really saying to person that all I experienced with you I valued

and I want to ﬁx this because I value you.
No, guys hear explaination, points, full blown stories and not one word about
ﬁxing the mess. Not one.
And so these guys also make their own scripts stronger to believe..
“See, girls are all the same. They just want attention. Use us for our popularity,
looks and resources. They want to ﬁx the guy, change the guy. They want to play
games? Ok then. We are going to play games too back at them.”
And goes on the games people play with each other to get validated not to
connect and enrich, and prosper.

So ﬁgure out why you keep repeating this mistake over and over again because
women cannot keep saying it’s man’s fault, every time.
If it happens once, ﬁne, we agree some are like that in men and women. Twice,
you really need to think.
Three times, well, now you got to look in the mirror.
If you are being in this place often, there is something you are dong in selecting
initial stages. You cannot change people and so get good at selecting guys. So
look inside of yourself on why you are saying yes to these guys.
Set boundaries.
Respect your boundaries.
Let no one violate them and when they do, believe, they know they are doing just
that but pretend to not know.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it weird to be single for many years and not have any women
in my whole life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you said..
“I want to date women and have relationsips BUT…I decided to sit on my ass
watching TV and on internet, and study, work AND…..do nothing whatsoever to
gain social skils, conversation skills, and socialise with women, approach,
attract..learn how to do it until I can..”
Then no, i won’t think it’s weird.
You’d just narrowed your chances to probably zero and I can’t believe you expect
that would work.
But if you never wanted to date women, be in relationship and all that, well, it’s
up to you. I don’t give a shit. It’s your life. You want it this way, well, it’s your life.
No one’s business.
Your life.
Your results
Your fate.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Karan Sharma

How come during a breakup my ex seems to be doing great
while I'm not?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe the ex is.
Did you, before you ever met your ex, you found your ex had a purpose, goals,
dreams, talent and passion for something?
Then of course the person will do well.
I don’t agree that everyone who is doing great after a breakup is putting some
show. Some people are valuable, some people do have a purpose, dreams, goals in
life.
Some people are go getters and it is their traite and also the skill they had long
before they met the person.
Some gave far more in relationship that they know they don’t feel guilty, or feel
they lost anything or feel any shame, because when you give tons of value far
more than one did to you, you feel amazing.
You know your value.
You also know the shit that’s out there.
You know your value real well.
So not everyone pretends.
They don’t need to when they are givers for real and gave eevrything in that
moment when in a relationship. That type of person is valuable and most don’t
realise until they see the shit that’s out there.
Not everyone who has been in a relationship gives half heartedly. Some give a lot
and all in that moment, their whole heart and attention to that person when
engaging and communication. They love without holding back and love
unconditional and give in a way, most don’t.
So no, not everyone pretends.
We can say the same to this issue in that people pretend to believe that other
people cannot be strong and move on and achieve whatever they want as a way to
rationalise.
People are a master of their own fate as you are.
There is no need to compare because people are diﬀerent and in diﬀerent phases
of their life but in the end, no one is stopping you going for your goals or making
new goals and going for them.
Some people have years of experiences where they had their hearts broken, seen
it all, can read between the lines, and all the games..and..they know, their own
value.
They understand life deeply and themselves.
They own it.
They gave all they could in moment, it wasn’t enough to get what they hoped for
and moved on.
Maybe your ex has some experiences, insights.
But whatever happens, you too can go and make things happen in your life too.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend always asks when I'm going to leave his house
three-four hours after getting there, because he is bored. Is that
how a boyfriend should treat his girlfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sounds to me..
1. You’re both teens
2. He’s a teen guy
3. He’s not in life to chill with his girifriend for hours
4. Lack of maturity
5. No life experences to even talk about
6. Conversation skills not there as yet
7. About taking not giving
8. Bored, needs space, and usual stuﬀ like not valuing what one has
attracted until…it’s gone
That is not reserved to guys only but girls too.
Sometimes, it becomes such an awkward moment you don’t know what you’re in,
whether relationship, is it going anywhere.
Oh I know, you want more, but then more comes, and well, because you didn’t
know or experience more, sometimes, you don’t value it and pﬀf, it’s gone.
So you can..
Tone down time with him, get tons of friends.
You probably like some emotional support, talk, and 6 hours of cuddles probably
which is well, not alot to as really.
And you don’t need to ask when with a guy who just so into you but then
sometimes, girls get guys like that and forget and don’t value it.
Even teen girls, they act covert with lots of things and even conversation as well
will not be there as much of it is about themselves, not about the guy….and much
of what most young girls do is all about getting a reaction, a response, testing, a
million thoughts in their head, still testing, not connecting, still not trusting and
not really connecting with the guy.
Even when they know this, they don’t learn how to, they don’t invest in how to
but wait until it gets so bad, really bad, that it becomes so awkward, or the guy
has just had enough and moves on.
And yes, that happened in their previous relationship but they forget like
maybe the guy you’re with forgot too.
Then they probably do some chasing or do some apologising but the apologising
isn’t apologising but bringing up points and not really about ﬁxing the mess
because it doesn’t end..”I take responsibility for it and I want to ﬁx it because I
value what we had and you..”
Again it’s an emotional reaction rather than connection and so it is, most of time
in those teen years and some even older never grow out of it.
So what can you do then?
Well, best just see him for an hour and then go and meet friends, build your social
life because, well, I have been there.

Sometimes, not all guys, but some guys at that age, you will see there isn’t much
experience, much to talk about and not easy to open up to.
The older and experienced value conversation.
They are experienced, they are upbeat, they are guys who are fun, ﬂirtatious, love
to give, engage, and give tons of value and attention to girl they are dating but
that takes someone with experience, who has lived, knows in past what it was like
and also appreciates so gives a lot.
And it can also be diﬃcult for young girls to appreciate until it is gone. You really
don’t know it if you never really got it but when you do get it, sometimes your
own insecurities question “why me, I am unworthy..”
With teen guy there can be no connection, deep connection, enjoying the ﬂirting,
having fun with you, wanting to go out with you, chilling, cuddling and wanting
to know what you like, what you like to eat, what you don’t like, what you’re into,
what you’re not, what’s your passion, what’s your hot spot, what is your
erogenous zones, what turns you on, what’s your boundaries, what are your
dreams, how can they help and so on.
I can go on and it can take so many conversations you won’t believe,
Most young girls when they get that…and didn’t get it before, ﬁnd themselves not
knowing what to do with it and do not know how to express, and emotionally
cold, or whatever they like to say it is, and ﬁnd such a man move on because older
also values feed back, older desires to have that to with them and time is of
essence.
One day is feels like a week.
We value time big time but when younger, most don’t, so one can wait for days to
reply, but time for older is precious. It says a lot and it says a lot when someone
shows how they value it too.
Most older men energetic and excited about life, the connection, are exciting you
even text to talk, and just desire you more, and so much more, that if you don’t,
well, it’s not enough for them and move on.
Time is…precious.
As older guy, I love all that but also…..it is easy for many of us to have tons to talk
about, ways to weave conversations in ways you won’t believe, and we are bolder,
braver, challenging you and ourselves on self esteem, on expressing, on
conﬁdence in mind, in conﬁdence in speech and positivity and sexuality,
growth..growth…growth…..and there is and tons of wanting to know about the
woman that even if 20 years go by, there is yet so much we want to know and
experience with her.
But that doesn’t take way…time for us is precious.
So it depends who you’re with.
Some guys can do that if they lived. I lived even as a teen so I had a lot to talk
about but I also loved pleasuring women in conversation, ﬂirtation, engaging in
many ways.
The question then is..
What do you want.
Is this good enough for you?
Do you feel emotionally charged up, connected or do you feel you give, give and
give and all you get is…meh, not much. Like it’s all about them and what’s

important to you doesn’t seem like it matters because the guy avoids it or dances
with it and doesn’t even try much.
You got two choices..
1. Give him space, let him value you and use that time, to make tons of
friends, ﬁnd some passion and so on.
2. Or ﬁnd some guy who is mature, loves talking, loves to give and values
your time, and is well, someone so into you, they just want to give to you.
If you do go for 2, make sure you are great at communication, conversation and
knowing what is important to guy and his emotional language.
Because he can also do the same…ﬁnd someone else who is far mature, loves
giving, values one’s giving and knows the person’s emotional language.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

A girl sent me a text with a 0 with a slash through it. What does
this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. You need to block her
2. She isn’t giving you any value
3. And you are not responsible for her actions but your own.
That is what response is..
Responsibility.
Don’t react by replying back but take responsibility in showing your time is far
more valuable than for girls who think they can fuck about with games and half
assed text.
Take responsibility and let her know her HOLE, her pussy is not all that by…
blocking her and never give time or attention to her again.
Her pedestal means nothing.
Your time does.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

If your bestfriend's wife/husband is ﬂirting with you, what
would you do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Response.
There is something else missing from that word = ability
Together you see = Responsibility
You got a choice. You are not responsible for anyone else’s action but yours. So
don’t ask about someone else.
You take responsibility for your actions
So you know what to do.
You let the person know your boundaries and you be responsible to not let
anyone violate them.

3.3k Views · View Upvoters

If an ex says that they no longer actively care about me and feel
ambivalent towards me, what does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you want a deﬁnition then..
Ambivalent:
1. He is uncertain
2. His feeling is not to be trusted
3. Doubtful
4. Indecisive
5. Mixed feelings
6. Unresolved and too much emotionally draining
7. In two minds
With added factor that he doesn’t care which is point blank that it is just
emotionally draining, drama and he cannot be assed.
In other words…what’s the point?
He’s..moved..on.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Am I ever going to ﬁnd love? I am a 27 year old girl. I had only
one boyfriend that too for only a week. I haven't dated anyone, I
look good and I am well educated from a prestigious college.
Why don't I get guys?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I look good. I am well educated from a prestigious college.”
And?
1. What are your values?
2. What do you stand for?
3. What’s your passion?
4. What’s your personality like?
5. What you got diﬀerent oit women who look good and educated from a
prestigious college?
6. What’s your level of social skills?
7. What’s your level of communication with men?
8. How do you mingle and socialise with people?
9. Are you approachable?
You’re probably unapproachable because when someone says looks, education,
prestigious, it doesn’t say much on why someone will be attracted to a woman.
Sounds to me you behave unapproachable.
Waiting for the prince charming, but not being proactive enough.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do average looking guys attract girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, average looking guys don’t attract girls.
Bold, gutsy, got it going on, have sexual appeal, social skills, haven’t got girls on
pedestals, know the process and apply the process, who approach girls without
need for valdation, AND….who are average looking …attract girls.
Because they don’t bank on their looks alone.
Yes, you got it good but you don’t know it yet but you really have.
The genetics isn’t there but sexual appeal is far from genetics. It’s far more
powerful as well and a skill and knowledge that lasts you a life time.
They know women and they know not to fall for the bullshit that looks don’t
matter so what they do is up their game in a diﬀerent area of look that works for
them to give them edge.
They know it’s perceived value ﬁrst, the sexual appeal I brieﬂy note in my
sketch…

Sexual appeal components…
1. Style. Can’t be like everyone else. Find your style of clothes. Are you a
musician, or an entrepreneur or bad boy, or whatever…wear it. Stand out
with style.
2. Look. Hit the gym. Grooming. Eat right. Diet and when you got clothes
on you’ll feel and look healthier and got the edge.
3. Social freedom i.e. can approach any girl, wherever and whenever. This
takes time, knowledge, skill and a lot of practice without ever asking
“what does it mean.” No more seeking validation from girls.
They know they got to up their skills higher than average and no cutting corners
and that’s what makes this “average looking guys,” have the edge. Most people
don’t get how they can do it but they know what they are doing. They got these 3
hardcore, trained, discipline and they don’t mess around.
The conﬁdence in these guys sends tingles through a girls body. They know what
they are doing. It took me only 2 years to get to this level but…I knew what I am
doing.
I had years of knowledge, specialised skills so when I hit the pedal on the metal, I
was full on until I got it tight.
You’re going to have to go through the same process. There is no magic bullet or
corners to cut.
Just note on approaching and diﬀerence between guys who grow to faster and
those who painfully grow slow (see my sketch). For more explaination of the
sketch see here..

You need to grow and be in the Type 2 guy when it comes to mindset. That will
take time. Depends on you and work you put into it.
The result is - the averages for a guy of 2–5. The 4 becomes a 7 due to the work he
has within himself. 7 can be an 8–9.
Yes, I hate numbers but I use to illustate an example.
You can increase your average a huge margin so don’t lose hope. Learn to know
how to do this.
You can’t deal with genetics but you can on a lot of things that will increase your
averages from 2–6 and 4–8.
You will have the edgy look. Sexual appeal.
17.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you’re lonely?

 https://write.as/ef23f77jhnub9
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I sometimes envy people who say they are lonely. I really do most of the time, as I
hear it sometimes often online or when passing by folks.

I cannot remember a time, when I was ever lonely and here’s the thing. There has
been times when I had no one in my life.
Sometimes there be weeks and sometimes months, but even then I am not lonely.
Instead, I am ﬁlled with magniﬁcient dreams, ﬁlled with amazing stories,
characters come alive and they walk as I write, paint, dictate in frenzy…

You’d think it is because of sex and how I mastered it, that women date me. You’d
think it is because of my rebel dark streak.
You’d think probably it is because I travel the world have romance and have sex
with amazing gorgeous women.
But what it is the most is that they are so intrigued and marveled by how I can
come out with ideas just like that, and converse in a manner that’s funny, or
crazy, or say things that cracks them up laughing.
And the value I bring in that I focus on the person a lot and I can give a lot but
only for a time span if I feel empty, I’m not getting much as I’m after all human.
But yes, it how I can imagine things, take them far just by their mind to see the
beauty of life, themselves too and TAKE THEM there for real..if they are patient
and if they wiser than most to speak in my emotional language.
Moment I take them here, it is always..
“OMG! It’s how you said it. The magniﬁcient waves, the mountains, the sunrise and
sunset and colours and..”
This is the original photo one of my lovers took…exactly as in my drawing I once
sent her…and she thought I was joking until I took here to Nice…

It is when I can create from nothing or when I paint them a painting of
themselves in a creative way or recite poetry from my head that’s a romantic but
sexy, hardcore that you can see women bite their lips and eyes shine like
diamonds, and their ﬁngers crumple their skirt, not realising I can see all these
small details as I am..an artist.
I am Gemeni, I see all things that are small and great They don’t know sometimes
when it’s too late, that I am very sensitive to feelings, words, behaviour.
I observe the details a lot.
I’m an Observer, explorer, adventure and seerer of human behaviour but most of
all, I love nature, and I go far to places most only see in magazine, and I want to
take my lovers to see all that.
I know they’ll appreciate and grow like I do…
(photo of Nice from mobile phone)

I show them the jewels of coutries/cities and it’s a magniﬁcient adventure of
music, culture, art, romance. food, lots of diﬀerent cultural food, laughter and
sex.
So I am never alone, even without women, ﬁlled with a world in which the
universe can be in my living room.
Value.
When you got that and more, that even when you’re gone, they’d pray someone
comes close to a person like yourself.
Have you ever walked through streets and you can see universe,planets and you
wis you can say to a woman..
“There is Jupitar. There is Mars. There is Saturn and let me share with you the
story of how these two metorites created all this..”
Probably not but I walk, and I see all this as I write notes, as I write ideas, as I
write stories of the acient, from greek gods to stories of love, to darkness, to
heroes and victory.
When I am not doing that, I am out in the world, meeting tall blonde women, red
heads with ivory white skin, and sit and enjoy looking at the beauty that’s in the
world and then I get real cheeky….
Me - Oi, you!
Woman - Huh? What?
Me - Move your head. I can’t see the guy singing with your head boppin about.

Woman - Move yourself!
Me - Alright then! I will!
And I’d get up, not give a damn about people and walk and sit right next to her
and grin and have fun with the world.
It ends later with us two having a laugh and her calling me asshole and me calling
her a bitch, and banter back and forth and walk oﬀ together, as some folks thinks
what on earth is going on.
As I come back home, there are dozen texts from women, many more videos of
their asses and sweet pussies, another audios of them talking, and a ton of email
from around the world…
Yes, all come from living a big life - the words, the stories, the ideas, the
charactes, the concepts and again, I am in a frenzy and the night has come..
1. I have ﬁnished 10 chapters of a book, written rough. I type very fast.
Haven’t you noticed with my answers?
2. Two paintings
3. Booked 3 dates to meet, dance and have sex
4. Call my mum but forget she died, and it’s just guilt playing me but I call
anyway to hear her voice, answer machine, which family paid so her
eldest son can hear her talk her usual..
“I am not in, alright, so leave a message and don’t be so impatient. I’m busy
doing things and I’ll call back. Oh leave your number. I don’t know how this
phone that well.”
5. And a dozen ideas scribbled in my note pad.
Then I turn round and see a naked woman on settee. long ﬂowing blonde hair
and..
“OOoh you was so busy, Da vinci, huh?”
She knows and as other lovers know what I am like when I am in the zone.

Alone?
I wish I had that priveledge, but you see….these dreams, the ideas, the stories, the
creativity, and so much more, just never stop ﬂying.
It all comes from living a big life.

When you know your value, when you know what you got in you and you know
that when you take it away from people, not out of spite but you had to move on
for whatever reason…
Then they see then magic of who you are and I promise you this, they never
forget you and they can never replace you wth someone else. That magic, that..is
very rare…and it cannot be given by waiting for life.
I lived it and it’s all in me.
It’s like they yearn for it again because now they meet tons of people but each one
cannot do what you can in making them feel alive, the tingle, that passion of
giving, those ﬂowing pounding emotions, doing so with courage, prose, words
that make their heart race, words that ﬁre their imagination and feelings they’d
not get from many they meet.
Life, dreams, aspirations, words, creativity….wven when I close my eyes,
they wake me up.
This is why women really stay with you for years.
It is wy they come running back to you after they experience the world out there
and it is but ego they say blah blah blah.
I let them say blah blah blah.
I am unpredictable, mysterious, adventuerous, crazy fucker wth ideas that ﬂow
and they walk in my world to see amazing paintings, sculptures of women,
poerty, musice, exotic food, pleasures to make the whole body tingle.
But I am no Da Vinci or Mozart but who cares, when you live a good life and just
do it and people love your work and women go,.
“OMG! DID YOU DO THAT?”
“No. My fucking grandma did it.”
“She did?”
My eyes roll and yes, I hate it when people say that. I hate it, like it is beyond you
to create all this.
But yes, unpredictable but exciting and I am on the go always.
It is the Gemeni Man in me but this Gemeni is diﬀerent.
He can ﬁnishd what he started.
He just takes his time doing it right ;)
Then it is the memories of once upon a time I loved a girl, and the story of her
begins and I wonder about her and I smile, her videos when she sings, her dorky
gorgeous dances…
Then…
I stare at a wall, numb, just staring, what seems an empty space but inly I can see
and only I am watching memories ﬂow for a while.
And I understand, and appreciate and I gave out a sigh…
I shrug, I am happy as I know the value in me and there is so much fun yet to
experience and adventures.
Then another idea comes, inspired by more memories and now a painting
concept comes to me to the phone ringing…
“Hey Adam, just calling you. Producer have mastered your album and record label
like to meet. Can you ﬂy next week?”

As you can see..
I am living.
I am doing what most people said way back I couldn’t achieve. I have exceeded
my expectations. No, not theirs. Mine.
I have done the impossible and if you knew were I was years ago, believe me, no
one in hell would ever believe this would have been possible.
Neither did I but hey, I had enough people saying I can’t so what the hell. I said to
all “I CAN!”
You never get lonely when you live at the edge and give to the world. You’re never
really lonely because of the lack of people.
You can be lonely even when sitting with a crowd of people.
You’re lonely because you haven’t started to live.
Go out and live.
Make your own corner in this world and make it your own.
Have fun doing so.
Go and live.
7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it smart to start a relationship with someone who has big
career goals?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what is the most diﬃcult when it comes to dating?
This is the reason why most people really don’t open especially men. It is that the
other person puts someone so high, when the other person is attracted to them
for who they are.
It’s one of the most diﬃcult things, to date someone or be in relationship with
someone of low self esteem. They just don’t get that the person is with them
because of who they are, the feeling they get, the joy they get, the hope that this
person will see them for who they are, what they really desire.
Someone else’s career shouldn’t really get in the way, except if the person has
some values that money is happiness, that both must have ﬁnancial equal status,
but if that is the base of happiness, well, ok, that’s them.
But for me, I don’t care if a woman wears some shit clothes, or she likes to paint
all day or do the garden, or ﬂy to the moon
All I as a man would care about is feeling, the aﬀection, that I get a balanced back
feeling too, that she’s into me, that she takes care knowing me, that she values
same in that sexual conﬁdence and sex is important to, that she sees me as
Gemeni, the guy who ﬂrts, hardcore, love hardcore imagery, upbeat, fun, gets a
bit clouded and irtitated by negativity and runs away from it as it gets more and
more, the…compatibility.
That communication is what I love and good at but it is also my evil twin. If I
don’t get it, if it’s unbalanced, my twin inside me rages and feels empty. That’s
Gemeni for you.
Compatibility is the key, which is not about education, religion, income, career,
age of course legal consent, colour, class and all that….but about two lovers, who

are attracted to each other, and who come to an understanding that they are
compatible in many ways, and….agree to a process.
Compatibiity then is an…attitude.
A process in which both come together to work towards, helping each other,
uplifting each other, working together, focusing on each other and never letting
the world come between them.
You see, a person can have a career, and I have been in them, but they can also
disappear. Money can also disappear.
Financial stability can disappear.
Looks can dissappear and that doesn’t mean looks are not important but I am
saying, all these will dissappear.
But what you will ﬁnd then in the end, the greatest gift is they ﬁgured out long
ago that most grow to ﬁgure out later or too late….
That compatibility will make a relationship burn so bright.
I have seen people of who get this right, last longer than most people ever do. It is
why I am so determined, not compromising compatibility, my sexuality, how sex
is important, my emotional language because it is my nature.
I know as well and met women who have same thinking as I do and values. So it is
there and such people are there.
If it doesn’t happen, I feel sick. I feel emotionally drained. I feel something is
wrong. I feel I am not myself.
I have to be myself in a relationship.
If I am not, it’s like a piece of me is dying and other is pulling down, drowning me
and it feels hit.
So it is not the career I look in someone, income, religion, age,but rather
compatibility. That we can have same understanding and believe in a process, an
understanding that certain things are important to us, and if you ﬁnd that…you
have cracked it!
Don’t be hard on yourself.
The person is with you, whether you’re 18 years old student and the person is 40
year old pioneer.
That person is with you because of how you make them feel because everything
else, is can easily go, easily slip, ruled by economy, ruled by other factors but
compatibility can make lovers stand stronger because they know what is far more
important and you can get out of it and help each other, and ﬁnd….balance.
Other thing is, you too can have a career and whatever you choose, be proud of it.
7k Views · View Upvoters

Are narcissists aware that they churn through their romantic
relationships in the same style every time with the same
results?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not just Narcissist.
It’s also people who are not Narcissist that do that. People got scripts and so they
can do the same shit over and over again, and get similar and same results but not

because they are Narcisssits.
But because of their fear of abandonment, low self esteem and other issues.
That is not reserved to narcissists but the lot of people until we realise the script
in our head. I know many who get same resultts which they say they don’t want,
then blame others for it, when they self sabotaged it….and they are not
Narcissists.
Mostly because they feel, I suppose that the one sets some high expectations on
them, that they feel they cannot reach but most of time, it’s not true. I would get
that most of time from women.
It’s why I hide my face on here so when I do meet women, there is no prejudgment. It’s why I don’t let them see my relatives who have vast fortunes and
doing really well for their lives as I am.
They see that and suddenly see me diﬀerent.
It’s also it is why I hide many of the work I do in the world.
It’s sad really, when people put you so high, on a pedestals and all you want to be
seen as human being, not someone special, someone of a place high up to reach,
and so sometimes, you feel that, it hurts, and you feel that and you see a pattern,
and you feel sad that again, you got to move on.
So this kind of going on is not reserved for Narcissists.
Many people self sabotage, many people end up in same pattern and many
people lose out on someone who really did care, who was very attracted to them,
who really loved them, and still probably do, as I always still love my lovers even
when I move on, which is sad thing to do, someimes even of anger, not really at
that but myself…because I thought the person saw me not my achievement,
accomplishment or something else.
But yes, I do also see Narcissits do ﬁnd themselves doing same style, same
pattern, and end up with the same result time after time.
Predictable pattern. Very predictable.
2k Views · View Upvoters

After years of sexless marriage & feeling unloved, I now found
romance chatting with my old friend. Why do I feel conﬂicted?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure..
1. You’re married
2. Your husband/wife doesn’t know about the romance
3. It’s hidden similar to covert operation which are hiding and emotionally
cheating
4. Your husband/wife had trust upon you and yet, you have not been open
to him/her and so, you have ended up betraying that trust
So, Be open to whom you’re married to and come to an understanding. I know
that it’s easier to say than being done, since no one knows your situation or
anything. But, I answered since you have asked the question.
I don’t know about your situation or your culture, but the above points are
haunting you which is why you feel…so conﬂicted within you.
Or in other words, what we call it as a guilt.

1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it weird to date a guy who doesn't go to college? I go to
college, but he doesn't. He only works. We really like each other
and have been talking about becoming oﬃcial. I just wonder if
that small part would aﬀect the relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So he got to his goal before you did.
What’s college for? To later ﬁnd a job? He ﬁnd a job before you did. Smart man.
Oh wait, if you go to college means you’re smart and he’s not.
Sorry but I found some people with degree can’t hack the real world.
Second, you’re looking at some big picture like most women do. You know, longterm, house, babies, wedding and so on.
You’re in college, relax, one step at a time.
You’re not marrying the guy and having babies, weddings next week, next year or
year after.
All that worrying and ﬁnd later on, you’re dating some other guy 8 months later.
First see if you guys can get past college and uni years. You might change values,
and he might also realise..
“Meh, moving on. I need someone who is working and gets paid.”
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is more important to you: engaging in many activities or
mastering one thing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is talent?
It is not that you can play like Mozart. It is not that you can code like you was
born to do. It is not that you can sing like you was gifted to do so. It isn’t that you
can run or dance like a prodigy.
Talent is the discipline in which you are breathing, doing, in that moment and 10
hours can go by and it feels like a minute to achieve the result.
Not the past. Not the future.
In the moment.
In that every second of concentration.
Therefore, it is not engaging in many activities or master one thing.
You will engage in many activities to master anything.
It is about becoming talented to achieve your result or vision.
So you need to then identify what is it you desire to achieve and what knowledge,
skill to be disciplined in, to be in that moment where you combine all these to
achieve the result/vision.
Talent - disciplined, focused, in that moment of doing the task to achieve the
result/goals/vision.
Artist is not talented.

I am an artist and I don’t see it as talent.
Talent is the discipline to be in the moment as you do the work to achieve the
vision or goals, whatever you like to call it.
How long that takes has nothing to do with how many activities you do. It is to do
with how long will it take for you to be talented, to achieve your result.
Talented - disciplined, focused, in that moment of doing the task to achieve the
result/vision.
Ask yourself the right question.
What do you want to achieve i.e. the long-term result?
Now you will know what knowledge, what skill, hence what activities to do and
become talented in to achieve the…result/vision.
Even ﬁnd someone who has done it already and you will cut out a lot of
frustrations and time wasting.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are some subtle ways to test whether a person is worthy
of trust?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question has been changed as when I answered it, it was….
“What are some subtle ways to test whether a person is worthy of trust.”
The moment you do that, it is you who is not worthy of their trust because no one,
who desires trust from anyone, would test a person.
When I found folks doing that, and they admitted they didn’t trust me in the
begining, it was over. That meant, anything they did before this fact was a lie and
all I gave was not respected and seen with suspicioun.
It was sad.
I really loved them and I wa angry later on as I saw all the red ﬂags and this
mistrusting behaviour. It was just a matter of time where I began to see them in a
diﬀerent light for me, sadly to move on.
You don’t play games shit testing people.
It never ends in a good way.
People are not lab rats.
14.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a guy genuinely likes you or not? The signs
were there that he did until I said I liked him, then he says he
has a girlfriend.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“The signs were there..”
No, it is not the man’s fault.
No, he did not lead you on.
You feared rejection and didn’t ask and so like most who invest lots of time
orbiting around someone who has yet conﬁrmed they are available or not, always
look for signs.

If you weren’t looking for validation you’d ask him on spot than investing more
time. You’d also have moved on by now when you found out it’s a no but when
someone desires validation they look for who to blame for their feeling.
People who are serious about their life and their time don’t look for hints.
They know their self worth.
They are direct and get on with it and just ask the person out.
They don’t care if it looks “creepy,”
That poor broken faulty perception is not their problem but the person’s own
peception who calls them or labels them as that.
If you know your self worth is high and you know you don’t need validation you’d
have asked without looking for hints.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Are dating sites mostly meant for losers? Has anyone successful
ever used a dating site?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dating websites are for..
1. People who want an easier and eﬃcient way due to;
2. Some maybe busy and some are not
3. For people who like to expand their pool further in the digital world
4. For people who understand and appreciate we live also in a digital tech
world and why not use these tools to their beneﬁt
5. Of course, you get all sorts but it has nothing to do with dating websites
as these are just platforms.
I think it’s smart way of using the beneﬁts of technology and internet.
My advice though and I always saw it this way is to ensure to do a lot more oﬄine
to hone in your social skills because internet, the platform, messaging, all is just a
tool. If you haven’t much experience in social skills, conversations, lack
conﬁdence, low self esteem, it will amplify bigger and much faster online.
So don’t let dating website be a crutch but rather an extra beneﬁt while you still
hone in your many other social and interpersonal skills out in world.
Will help you be less needy and most of all you’ll have amazing photos, lifestyle,
experiences that can contribute to your success on dating websites.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it good to ﬂirt in a long-distance relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s actually crucial if you’re in a long-distance relationship, to ensure you do keep
the sexual tension high. If you avoid doing so, what happens is awkwardiness
starts to creep in, so be light hearted, fun, upbeat and sure, you can sprinkle in
comfort where you want to know the person and the person gets to know you.
You can see the result here on one of my quora answers how it can help..in that
we do meet.
We knew how ﬂirting and creating sexual tensions does help a long way to keep
the ﬂame shining bright.

Some guidelines..
1. Avoid Negativity. That is toxic to long-distance relationship. You haven’t
met so keep that lid shut. If someone does that often they are either
narcissist or plain and simple immature to understand this is not the
time to vomit such things on someone.
2. This is long-distance not face to face. That’s someone on other side of
world, they got problems too and vomiting everyday, every minute
negativity is not on.
3. If you haven’t got friends or socially isolated, and due to this you crave
validation…don’t use the other person in long distance for that. Go and
make more friends or do something else about it but avoid texting and
messaging or calling negative stories about you, life and other people
and worse, genders.
4. If you care about someone, you want to also care about their mind.
That’s their mind you’re bombarding. Wait until you meet or ﬁnd a
friend and talk that with them or therapy. It’s ok doing it once or twice
but all time, or a lot is not going to beneﬁt and that person will see it as
self sabotage or you got doubts and that’s why you’re doing it.
5. Being irritional. Avoid using texting like it’s for attention seeking. The
other person time is valuable. Focus on the person, and ensure you send
messages that are ﬂirty, upbeat, and arousing. Focus on bringing value,
that enriches both of you and brings you closer.
6. No silent treatment. A day in long distance feels like a week when
texting. So ensure, if you do check your messages, at least leave a short
message that you will reply and you’re just at work.
It shows you care than acting like a CEO running 10 companies. You can
leave a message before you sleep.
7. Add value. Forget two word replies. If someone gives value, balance it
out. Don’t just give some two word replies and no excuses about how you
don’t know how. This is long-distance and people’s time is valudable and
time diﬀerence is also playing against you both.
8. When a time is agreed on phone call, don’t mess the person by telling
them you forgot. That’s not on on either. This is for matire people who
organise themselves. Not showing up or keeping that date and time on
phone while the other person organised time from their life shows
nothing else but lack of respect for someone else’s life and busy
schedule. It takes a lot for someone to organise such events even though
some think it’s not. This is long distance not local. So bear that in mind.
It takes eﬀort to organise.
9. Ask the person questions about their life, interest, expand it when they
reply and they’ll do same with you. Remind yourself this isn’t just about
one way conversation and the other person, will do the same if they care
about you.
10. Flirt, be fun, show admiration, be fun and the other person will. If you
don’t know how, learn. It’s not excuse. You got internet now, books and
all sorts to learn how to ﬂirt and boost sexual tension and attraction to
amazing hieights. Avoid doing so leads to relationship crashing. Flirting
works well no matter face to face or texting and knowing how to do it is a
key as well.
It’s how I met lovers when I travelled.
The texting, ﬂirtating, keeping it fun, upbeat worked well and I meet them.

However, for women who tried being all irritational, negativity, etc, well, I found
them to be emotionally draining and I moved on from them.
Even when I desired them a lot and wanted to meet, I just felt they avoided
ﬂirting, not sexual for me and also their behaviour kills attraction for me. I
couldn’t see how we can be attracted in that way when we meet. They killed
attraction and the sexual tension dead.
They weren’t mature enough and experienced enough to understand this very
imporant point in the psychological and biological process.
Since they won’t wake up and realise this, it showed they are not mature enough
for long-term and it showed that experience with them if we met would not be
electric.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a man leave a woman he loves without saying a
word or telling her that he wants to breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We only one side of the story…
1. We don’t see anything regarding the interaction with this man
2. We don’t see history of engaging and conversation with this man
3. There is two side to the story
We only know one side of that story.
It can be many things..
1. He loved a woman but found through time she isn’t who she says she is
2. He ﬁnds her conversation and interaction toxic
3. He ﬁnds her speech and behaviour lack certainty
4. He ﬁnds her values are really not compatible
5. He ﬁnds she is a tease, dangling sex like a carrot
6. He ﬁnds she is behaving princess and believes in “the one,” and so she
puts conditions on to this
7. He realised something and felt she isn’t someone he desires for the futur
8. He has experience being open but found he gets shut down or gets silent
treatment. So no use then saying anything and move on.
So while most like to impart some wisdom that it’s man’s fault there are two side
of the story and it can be these points there.
Of course, it is assumptions and anyone who asks questions these days always
thinks they are not at fault, haven’t made any mistakes, or innocent and so they
make the question directed at man like the woman is innocent.
There are two sides of the story and only the woman and that man knows what
that story is.
The answer is with him.
Ask him if the opportunity is there and if not, move on.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can you not be scared when you are in a club and trying to
talk to girls?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I understand what you mean.
There are two types of guys and I say I understand because I was there.
You feel your heart pounding fast and you’re ready to go but your legs won’t move
and your brain feels like it freezed.
It goes blank.
“What do I say if I do approach?”
“What do I do next?”
“But what if this and that happens?”
Before you even leave the house you feel the fear.
I felt that too.
I use to wonder for a while what was going on. It was only until I really began to
ﬁgure something out not just about me but the architecture of society, how we are
societally conditioned.
Much of it is socially constructed but some of it also comes from within
ourselves. It’s surprising though how you can really feel the power or force
choking you.
Even with the loud music, you can’t seem to silence and down your fears.
I use to hear it very loud but mostly, I felt it.
It’s like this sick feeling you have in your stomach and yet, you know you got the
guts to do this but always, from what I remember, I feel lots of sensations but not
good ones.
I would later walk home, feel dishearted and not because of not having
pussy and ass. I just felt I wish I was stronger.
I felt at that time I dissappointed myself.
I felt like I will never get past this wall.
Nothing what friends said, what girls said, what anyone said really helped. I
remember all their words and even today, I shake my head at the absurdity of
their advice after years of experience, knowledge and understanding now about
society, social conditioning and even how night clubs are designed.
The whole set up aim is to make you feel insecure.
It is to create the tension, the feelings so you do one thing..
It is aimed at you buying ton of drinks so to settle that feeling but it doesn’t really
work because when you do drink a lot, well, you are now not really self aware.
You’ll make far more mistakes and even wake up with someone you wish you
didn’t even meet.
The change happened gradually but if you look at the ﬁrst type of guy I explain
below, I was that guy,
But I was also a heavy reader, heavy in psychology, science of human behaviour
and so it wasn’t long where I understood what was going on.
I had this little self awareness and rebel dark streak which is why I probably was
hungry to seek answers and not just put my hands up that this is how it is, so I
might as well quit.

I needed to know why about a lot of things and to dominate in a sense against my
fears to do what I want to do.
So I want you to imagine, when I share something with passion and detail, it
is not that I was born with it.
Sure we are born as naturals, without questioning to learn to walk and fail, and
get up again but through societal conditioning, we ﬁnd ourselves pounded to
such a level, we do things for…validation.
This then took time and even when you get really good at it, the development
never stops. You’re never on a high all the time.
Sometimes it’s good, somedays it’s not, some nights is fantastic, some nights it’s
not but three things are certain:
1. It’s never smooth like the movies.
2. You will grow faster than most guys ever will if you are guy I am talking
about as type 2. I became that guy later on but it took time.
3. You get far more results than any guy who does things for validation and
you’ll see why as you read on.
It’s about when you make a 100% decision to not be ashamed and guilty about
what you’re doing and you do it not for validation as you don’t need any.
You are giving the girl, the woman the opportunity and if she says no, you take
away from her. That’s how I grew to see it as time went by.
I give the opportunity for her to know me.
I am not ask for her for permission or for validation. I am giving the opportunity, I
know my value and what I oﬀer.
I am giving the opportunity to to know me.
I am not asking her to tell me what my worth is.
Yes or no.
It is woman who will disqualify herself.
See how I didn’t say rejection but rather it is her behaviour that disqualiﬁes her.
It’s what she says and how she behaves that will disqualify or or gets me to move
forward with her.
Because she doesn’t know me.
Therefore girls you approach won’t know you.
It is all assumptions.
This is how your mindset needs to be - like the guy I explain below as type 2.
So as you read appreciate that mindset and other guys you see doing it like it’s
eﬀortless is due to the way we think and practice.
I mean lots of practice.
It is gradual but you’ll grow faster than most guys.
The key on the diﬀerence and what gives us bravery is that mindset and the
second is doing the work consistently until I gave my mind enough experiences,
information, examples, real life references that it can be done.
The challenge is most guys are type 1.

They over think to much and they do everything for validation. It’s why they
waste time on lots of girls who are not even available.
That means they don’t get results and waste time in keep chasing some girl.
They have oneitis and they don’t grow fast.

1. The ﬁrst type
He isn’t doing what he does to date a girl and have sex and be in a relationship.
This is the guy who does everything for one thing only but doesn’t realise it as of
yet. I see hundreds of these guys and can identify them from a mile oﬀ because
they are the type who are hesitant, who look but do nothing, who over think and
who ask “what does this mean.”
This is the guy who does it for…validation.
Until he realises his fuck up and wakes up and unplugs himself from the fact he is
doing it for validation, he will always do it for validation.
He does it to look cool to other guys.
He does it to look cool to other girls.
He does it to tell his friends how some girl talked to him. He does it for nothing
else but to make himself look like he’s a “ladies” man.
All it is, is about how he is seen in front of guys,to tell some stories to guys while
he sits on his ass acting like a fucking boss.Introduce these guys to the real world,
and they drool over even average girls and do nothing.
So this guy does it all for nothing but validation from people.
2. The second type..
He’s the guy who doesn’t do it for validation. You can tell this is the guy whether
it is oﬄine or online.
He doesn’t give a fuck about other people’s opinion about him, no need for
validation, he does what he thinks,but most of all…..
He has made a decision to get a Yes or No.
His mindset is very diﬀerent.
This guy isn’t smooth like you see in movie but he’s a fast mover. He will
approach tons of women and not even think about the rejections because these
women don’t even get a chance to reject.
He approaches to SCREEN them in or out, and so if the girl behaves in a negative
way he sees it that she has disqualiﬁed herself in his prescence,for him to move
on to someone else.
He doesn’t do things to see a reaction.
He doesn’t think..
“I hope she likes me”
“I hope she is nice to me.”
I hope she is attracted to me too.”
He doesn’t believe in the one, nor is he like most guys seeking a soul mate. He’s
not in that bullshit fantasy world.
He understands there is only Yes or No.

He approaches with 100% committment in doing one thing only.
“Is she available or not.”
She must behave one way.
Either she shows she’s attracted to him or not.
If she doesn’t, he moves on.
If he she does, he moves to next phase.
He’s not doing it for validaton.
Either yes or no, either response;positive or not, and not validation to feel he is
accepted or approved,
He’s not looking to any woman to tell him what his self worth is.
He knows his self worth.
It is…
Either - Yes or No.
That Yes can be seen in the way she behaves.
In the night clubs it’s loud,so forget about talking. It’s all about
subcommunication, conﬁdence, high self esteem, fun,a tiny touch of cockiness,
eye contact, body language, physical conversation.
He screens a girl in by taking her out of the place to talk.
This is called “isolation.”
If she follows then she is showing interest. If she isn’t, she is screened out and he
moves on to someone else.
1. Type one guy does it for validation. That’s the needy type of guy who
supplicates. He puts women on a pedestal.
2. Second type doesn’t see a pedestal and isn’t needy and nor will he
supplicate. He approachs to only ﬁnd out Yes or No. He doesn’t do it for
validation, to feel he’s a man. He knows what his self worth is.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do you feel about falling in love with a lecturer?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure, I’ll share a break down with you…
But see it not as judgement but as a way of opening your mind to look further and
see all angles and then whatever you decide or whoever decides, there is an
understanding.
It’s not me saying it’s wrong or right, but rather when you make a decision and
take action, know for real why you do so.
This how you make any connection real because it comes from something richer
than illusion.

Attraction is percieved value.
It’s nothing but assumptions.

It’s what you see visually and in a sense like a rank in the environment that you
are in.
It’s not that you know the man for real but just assumptions.
It’s visual and sure, maybe there was some interaction but let’s not delude
ourselves it is attraction that’s psychological and biological.
Now if we were honest, from men and women, can you imagine how we can help
future generation to understand desire, chemistry, attraction and even love is a
chemical process, that we would be able to step back, and make very logical
decisions.
However, we can’t and reason we can’t is then machine, the ones whoe make
billions, to those who have political agenda’s and really don’t give a damn about
us people in society, want us to…not think in this way.
You’d not buy much if you did.
You’d not do many of the behaviours if you did.
Even news, politicians, campaigns, to even what fuels wars, to all kinds of fears
are propelled by emotions, and so they want us to not know.
Now you know this and if you study more, you’d see a deeper meaning to what I
am saying if you have an open mind to really want to learn.
Most don’t because even if they don’t like what is going on, they rely on it so
much that their livelihood and even how they get the feeling, the validation
banks on this big time..
Fantasy is ﬁne, imagination is beautiful, sexual is amazing, but knowing for real
the diﬀerence between fantasy and reality can help you make better decision and
even enjoy the process.
You become someone who acknowledges the process and not blinded by women
or men, who have agenda’s of their own, and they thrive in people being ignorant
and plugged into the machine.

So let’s imagine a young woman and the highest status is the lecturer, higher than
students in social status, older etc.
Here she is, sees this lecturer, and she sees not a lecturer but her psychological
and biiological sees status, and more so..
“Babies. Oooh he has genes, and I want him. Ooh.”
Now she doesn’t think that but her hormones, the chemicals are doing that.
One day the young woman wth all her naiviy and lack of understand, that this
man is all he is in place. If he dates a student and goes against the system, he’d be
kicked out.
So now she and he dating, and he now leaves the system but…he cannot now get
a job. He cannot work in the institution.
And suddenly her own psychology and own biology, suddenly starts saying..
“OOoh, he’s not that of a hot shot is he? No. He can’t even get a fucking job. Oh
wait, who is this..”
Then this guy she sees, tallk, caramel skin and he approaches her and says..

“Hey sexy, want to party or you fucking boring siht like most girls, sitting at
home, uploading selﬁes on facebook, insragram pretending you got a life?”
“No, I am pioneer,” she says, “I want to go out, fuck that shit staying home, I want
fun.”
“Ok then” he says, let’s go.
And this guy in the outside world with a far bigger institution has more perceived
value, more social status than then lecturer and he got his own business, he’s got
promoters eating from his hand to enter any night club and he has a lot of
awesome shit going on in his life from travelling around the world, record label
deals.
He doesn’t say it but she sees it all around her with this guy. She walks wth him
and she sees all that and he says..
“Damn, got to ﬂy to Ibiza for music production. Like to come. Ticket and food all
paid but I am leaving in a week.
She thinks…
Holy fuck! Who is this guy? I am going! YES!
And he be an average looking guy and even same age as lectuer but ﬁtter,
stronger, and he has higher social status in that world.
That school, college and university was just a bubble.
That is all she saw then but now she steps out in outside world and sees a far
bigger world.As she rides his dick and then goes back to her lectureR who can’t
get a job in any school, who lost his attraction (social status), the fantasy, the
assumptions of him now becomes clearer, and it all dies.
Suddenly she is meeting this guy more and then she says to the ex-lecturer…
“I don’t feel it’s working for us and I want more fun, I don’t want to get tied down at
a young age..”
And she goes oﬀ to ﬂy to Ibizan with her new lover…. the ex-lecturer has now
screwed his and realised, he may have sociall status in world he was in but in
outside world, he’s just that..a..lectuerer.
It’s not attractive in social sttatus even if he was a coder, an accountant or a
mechanical engineer. The social dynamics changes dramatically.
if he doesn’t get his shit together he’s done but he can’t get his shit together. He
will have to change many things, maybe his name, maybe profession.
He screwed his life and she can go on her merry way riding the caramel skin dick
every week in Ibiza and the ex-lecturer is on his own and only then realised the
lesson..
His fuck up will probably last a life time.
The young woman experience lasts a moment and she’s onto another experience.
That’s how I feel.
If you’re going to go with an older man or woman, be smart.
Wait until you leave that institution, so when you do date, that guy, it doesn’t
eﬀect his career and it makes things easier for both.
It doesn’t mean it will last for years, no one knows but it be a smart thing you did,
for your sake and for his.

That’s if you’re studying in his class
Or it might be a woman who is lecturing there. Same applies.
Be smart.
Look ahead and think about all angles.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a narcissist go no contact?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why does one have to be a Narcissist to go no contact.
It can be someone who isn’t and they blocked because…
1. The person is negative and most of their conversation is that.
2. The person only speaks about themselves, job, life, what they eat and
who they like, crushing on, blah blah
3. The person shows admiration, aﬀection and gets two words but they got
alot to say about some crush, ex, etc.
4. The person is immature to have a two way conversation and only speaks
about their life, friends, relatives and nothing else. There is no questions
asked about the person they are speaking to and they hardly know the
other person even after one-two year of communication.
5. The person doesn’t really know anything about the one they speak to
and most if not all conversations is about themselves
6. The person plays games and teases too much and plays manipulating
games. See (7) and (8)
7. The person uses sex, body and holds it back to tease. Nothing wrong with
sex and revealing all your body but to tease, to dangle it like a carrot is
something you don’t do.
8. The person sends photos of some guy’s hand up her ass or on breast, or
between legs and even if’s a girls hand, she doesn’t say. Or if it’s a guy, he
probably talk bullshit on how many girls checked him out and blah blah
blah to see if she is into him or lost interest
9. The person plays conversation games to see reaction of other person and
then pretends it wasn’t about that
10. The person text lots of bullshit
11. The person has no value to give and share
12. The person only cares about talking about their topics
13. The person ignores when the other shares about their work but when it’s
stuﬀ about the person due to it showering admiration, aﬀection, they
now love it and want to talk about that
14. The person is not a good listener and when the other person says how
they feel, they apologise and devalue the person at same time
15. That same person dissappears for a couple of days and does not reply to
messages except if they want to share crap about themselves
16. The person avoids when the other ﬂirts, devaluing the person’s aﬀection,
and admiration.
17. The person is emotionally draining because majority of texting and
talking is about how life is bad, how someone did this, and how someone

got this and nothing really positive or about who they are talking to
18. The person doesn’t like criticisms but says they welcome it and want to
learn to grow
19. The person disappears for a couple of days without a word after some
comﬂict or openess, and leaves it hanging
20. So the other person invests elsewhere
21. And when they ﬁnd out they were right….
22. That the other person is two faced, really THE Narcissist
They block and go no contact.
Narcissist won’t go no contact.
They need attention and fear abandonment.
They will leave, keep door open to come back again when they run out of
attention out there.
Or they are Covert Narcissists so they will be cowards to not even try to contact
that person and move on, as they pimp their image that the reason is due to
“humanity” reasons.
No, the reason is they got found out and they realised the person has balls, guts,
backbone, and can speak up about their opinions, and block them from
everything just like that…and that way….the Narc cannot bullshit this person
again.
Coverts are cowards, far “too sensitive” and these words are used to keep you
walking on eggshells and in line.
The Covert will probably try and send a message of apology but really it is
nothing more than hoovering, to see your reaction, to get an emotional response,
and because they think they are so superior, as they write with pointing out, and
even saying they are not apologising to want you back, which by the way is a
devaluing technique but they have been dumped so their bullshit is nothing more
than them now trying to ﬁx their mask and pedestal.
They will come back if badly need to because they know they always burn their
bridges, and cannot help behaving in the manner that emotionally drain people
they meet.
Maybe in 5 years when they leave home, or mummies/daddies basement and
realise, the world out their is tough, and now they are broke, no money,
struggling, degree doesn’t guarantee the dream job and the grandoise ideas
crumble to realise the person they once spoke to someone who was very
supportive, fun, positive, upbeat sexual, brave, courageous….and wise,
knowledgeable, gave them ton of attention….and know their shit well about the
world.
It is the Narcissist who will do the silent treatment.
The stronger one, will block them without a word….
Because they know they got far more value to give and plenty out there who will
value that giving..and…what’s the point talking as they’ll only get more devaluing
and bullshit.
Oh wait!
Did someone do that and got blocked?
;)

6.9k Views · View Upvoters

He emailed me 3 months ago to talk about our romance. I didn't
like how he asked, so I didn't reply. We crossed paths, and he
waved. But I glared at him. He hasn’t apologized or spoken to
me since. Even after all my hints. Why the silent treatment?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know..
Why are YOU giving him the silent treatment and being all covert about it? You’re
the one who is doing all the hints but hey, we know, most women do all that
covert hint nonsense, and then blame man for it.
So why are you doing the silent treatment on him?
It’s like calling the pot kettle.
He gave you an opportunity, you wanted it to be Prince Charming way, and you
didn’t get and now you are doing the silent treatment, and hints not him, You’re
not entitled to anything, not even an apology.
He’s waving and you ignore.
He’s done more than I’d do.
If a woman behaves in a manner thinking she’s a Princess, I’d have blocked her
long ago and not even bothered.
At least this guy is waving at you, giving you…one…more…chance to step out of
the Princess Bubble.
Who is “really” giving the silent treatment?
You are.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

A guy I was dating just completely overreacted and threw me
out. We had a really good dates for two weeks but he got mad
after he found out I went on a date with someone else. He didn't
want to talk to me or talk to me. How do I ﬁx it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way to move forward is..
1. Apologise. Be sincere.
2. Avoid justifying anything.
3. Avoid devaluing him.
4. Let him know what you did and how you regret what you did. Don’t
mention you didn’t intend to do it as that’s justifying.
5. Let him know, if he can give this one more chance, you will be open,
honest with him. All cards on table.
6. And to meet again over a drink and talk, and you want to hear how he
feels, and you want to.
If you’re really into this guy then those are the steps that can help. Just make sure
to not justify or devalue him when you apologise.
Get the message to him and then back away, let him cool oﬀ.

If he contacts, just listen to him and reassure him.
To avoid this situation, always be upfront in the begining stages…
“I am still meeting other men and dating as it is unrealistic to know how it
goes until I ﬁnd the one I feel I can be in relationship with…”
Just be upfront and direct always.
If the guy doesn’t like how you aproach dating and if you feel strongly on your
approach then move on.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

If monogamy is unnatural, then why do we have jealousy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you noticed, where let’s say two people or even a crowd, none in
relationship with each other, and you ﬁnd some are jealous of someone in this
group being promoted?
They are not even in a monogamy relationship, or any sexual relationship, so
what gives?
It’s because each person feels there is an unbalance of….power….control.
It is due to insecurity.
You have lots of guys in a football team, and one guy is getting alot of attention
because he’s scoring more goals and all these girls are onto him.
These guys are not dating this guy and this guy even has a girlfriend, and they all
know that, so what gives?
It’s because these guys feel there is an unbalance of power. The person is
perceved higher in social status.
It’s due to insecurity.
Have you seen brothers ﬁght each other and sisters too?
Have one a gorgeous looking woman walking in to a room packed with women
who are not, the claws will be out.
The amount of slut shaming from women I see in jobs and night clubs, and even
at the highest level, would make you sick to smell fear.
So that woman, gorgeous looking, that any clothes on her looks fantastic is
suddenly being isolated, and in work place even when she got promoted for
working real hard.
She is called a slut, that she slept around to get to the top.
None of these women are even attracted to her or in relationship with her.
What gives?
They feel an unbalance of power and control.
It comes from ego.
Ego based = fear.
The false image.
Insecurity.

People don’t want to admit that the real reason has nothing to do with sex but
rather, It’s a signal that they feel, the other person is higher in mate value and feel
threatened, that someone else is going to go for their higher mate partner.
It’s insecurity.
If we could let go of our masks for a moment and let our true being speak, what
would would men and women say?
“The reason is I fear I am not good enough for you and you’ll leave me for someone
else.”
“How can you love me and yet have sex another woman? Surely that’s not love!”
“The reason is, I fear you will leave me like my ex did and other men/women did.”
“The reason, is I want the attention and instead this woman/man got promoted.
What if I lose my job now because of that person?”
“The reason is she looks far attractive and younger than me, and you’ll leave me for
her.”
You don’t have to be in any relationship to see jelousy kick oﬀ anywhere. We learn
these from day we are born - societal conditioning.
You see it from how we compete even as children, to school with grades, to fame,
popularity, voting, likes, shares, the structure of ladder in jobs.
It is socially constructed and it is everywhere, so deeply ingrained in society that
you can’t have sex if you’re not in love with the person, and if you have sex with
someone else then you must not love the other person.
You don’t need to be in any sexual and romantic relationsip model to feel
jealousy.
It’s socially conditioned deeply in society and it’s not taught or educated because
a lot of money rides on society to feel frusrated, to drink, to buy hours of therapy,
to consume a lot, to drink and take drugs, and try to deaden these feelings, to
believe in short term solutions, which oils the machine on and on and on.
9.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it not worth dating extremely beautiful women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Meh. That’s just question to rationalise and dig on beautiful women. Most women
do that to rationalise either their own looks or the ﬁerce competition.
Even most men do that as well as a buﬀer in fearing rejection.
It’s just a buﬀer.
I ﬁnd it worth a lot dating extremely beautiful women.
I have discovered many who have amazing ﬂirtatious skills, conversation skills
and many by the way are very smart, intelligent and in high ﬂying careers. I’ve
learnt a great deal from them from art, music, marketing, psychology, fashion
and so much more than I am grateful for the amazing knowledge, experiences
and the diﬀerent personalities that enriched my life and showed me many
positive side of a beautiful women.
It wasn’t just their beauty in looks alone but also, that had this amazing
tenderness, that rich loving feeling to give and keep giving. I never found myself
feeling they were gaming or shit testing but rather they were just beautiful also in
their hearts.

In fact one lover who is extremely beautiful could have been a model but she
became a brillaint coder and now managing a large team in a large corporate
company. She’s also training as a kick boxer and has helped many of her friends
boost their self esteem and gives a lot. Cares a lot about the people she works for
and also abou her friends and mostly her parents and sisters, brothers who I have
met many a times
I also ﬁnd dating women who are not “extremely beautiful” have deep layers of
amazing qualities too.
Personally, a person shouldn’t see dating anyone with this kind of premise but
rather ask themselves what they want in a person and just goes for it, without
thinking about competitiion and who is better kind of thing.
There is good and bad in all kinds of people and it’s high time people stop
pushing this agenda to down beautiful women because they got insecurities and
want to rationalise and feel secure about themselves.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I control my sexual desires? I am continuously
thinking about women everytime like everytime. I feel so
ashamed. I wasn't like this ever.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We are social creatures and even the one who says they are not and blah blah
introvert blah blah.
I’m going to share with you the very reason why I am an introvert who became a
badass social butterﬂy.
When you isolate yourself, what happens is your whole body, your skin, the brain,
the nervous system craves for physical touch.
Have you noticed when you socialise with people or see people socialising, they
use a lot of physical contact? Like pat on back, rub on arm in a friendly way,
shaking hands, and all kinds of physical subtle conversations?
According to Keltner, "a simple touch can trigger release of oxytocin aka the “love
hormone.”
You see, your skin isn’t just sin but it has receptors that Our skin contains
receptors that envoke emotional responses, feel excited, just by stimulation of the
hot spots or the erogenous zones of the nerve ending which responds to pain.
That’s accord to researches…Auvray, Myin, and Spence.
So physical touch and even socialising with human being is very important but
people have made technology as a buﬀer, an excuse to then ratioalise their own
insecurities, and all they do now is hide behind a screen, using facebook,
instagram and emails, texting on mobile phone and the social interaction in a
physical sense has become less in their lives.
If you look at science research it will reveal..
1. Physical touch decreases voilence. A child needs from it’s parent
physical touch. It cries, it needs the mothering, fathering physical
cradling, comfort, with touch (bonding) and without it, it can cause
issues like abandonment and other life long disturbance.
2. Physical touch helps people bond together even in friendship, used also
for work, association when getting together like even handshake or even
just being there smiling, a rub on arm, pat on arm or back and many
other physical touches.

I can list so much more beneﬁts for your psychology and biology, which by the
way, is one of the biggest reasons why I stay away from women when it comes to
dating, who do not like sex and physical touch.
You can read more on the psychology of it and biology here..
8 Reasons Why We Need Human Touch More Than Ever
This is why socialising is very important for you.
The reason I have a huge social circle oﬄine is because since I was a teen and till
now, I did a lot of socialising with tons of people which helped me get a lot of
physical friendly conversation touch but most of all lessens the level of neediness
when it also comes to women.
My oﬄine world comes ﬁrst than online.
Building my resources comes ﬁrst and women is not the centre of my life. Women
can drop you for some other guy due to their psychological and biological process
the way man can as well with women.
The smart person builds his life, resources and still loves but does not make
anyone the centre of their life. That person is always out there creating meaning,
connecting and that’s the person who you’ll ﬁnd less needy.
I invest a lot in my oﬄine world.
I build many social connections oﬄine and all around then world. It’s why I can
travel around the world due to the contacts I made.
I don’t need to worry about what most do.
You know what that does for you even at a small scale of socialising locally?
It makes you less needy for women.
You’re so busy socialising, making things happen, getting tons of physical
conversation contact, and yes, even women, not just men, that you become less
needy than any guy and woman, who sit on their their fucking ass, at home, or
alone, or isolating themselves.
This is why many men are needy.
They don’t socialise enough.
They don’t engage the world
They are in their heads too much
They are so much like that, that when a woman is in front of them and they all
there trying to get validated by her and approved like she;s some princess.
They become white knights.
Giving her hours of their time with emotional support. Like they never met a
woman before and doing all that when their own life needs work, own life needs
them to build and go and get busy with meeting many women.
No, they orbit around this “one” woman.
Some women, even at young age do the same. Isolate and use the internet to get
nothing more than validation, rah rah and all big talk online but really, they live
in some small world.
The internet is all they got to connection of the world and oﬄine, well, probably a
couple of friends and that is it.

So you need to go out more.
You need to socialise more
You need to close the laptop and put some time to be social out there and create
tons of options and build lots of social network around your passion.
Or you will be like most guys and grls online.
They got..no..social life.
Isolated.
Using internet, facebook, instagram for nothing more but emotional stimulus, for
validation.
So right now, your brain, your nervous system, your skin is crying out to go out
and socialise with human beings but you’re not.
The more you meet many men and women, especially women, the less your
neediness will be and…you’ll meet real people than what’s in your head.
Go out, socialise and get a life.
The more you do that, the less you’re in your head.
Think of some amazing project that you want to do which includes people but do
it outside.
It’s ﬁne thinking about women, it’s natural but you need balance.
From what I am reading, I feel you’re isolating yourself and not doing enough
socialising with tons of people.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

This girl told me that when dating, if conﬂict arises, she ﬂees
immediately even if it was an intimate relationship. Is this
healthy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s telling you who she is.
1. That she doesn’t like criticisms and so she may ﬂee
2. That if you want to open up about your feelings she my ﬂee too
3. That she isn’t that great with relationship as she wants it her way only or
the high way
4. That she will later say “see I am so sensitive, and that’s why….”
5. That she isn’t good with people, engaging and socialising.
It’s not about healthy or unhealthy.
It’s about what do you want in a woman and relationship?
What’s important for you to be happy in a relationship?
Be honest about what you want because it looks like it might be a concern for you
and well, rightly so.
She won’t do the ﬂeeing if she is in a job and in job there is conﬂict. What she
going to do?
Move from on job to another because there’s conﬂict?
Do you want to walk on eggshells with a woman in a relationship?

Do you want to be in this kind of relationship when it develops seriously?
Do you want to hold back when you feel something is wrong but you
can’t say it because you know she said she doesn’t like conﬂict.
I know when I hear that, I am moving on but that’s because I have been there. I
know where this is going and I will never date a woman who says that. Been there
and worn then shirt.
I will not bother.
It’s your choice but she is like a ﬁsh, when current gets tough, she slips away and
starts doing silent treatment for a few days because “avoids conﬂict.”
Leaving you puzzled, frustrated and even feel like just need to move on.
Conﬂict can also mean, she isn’t willing to give a damn about your feelings either
and when you share them, she may do that silent treatment or tries to devalue
you and make you feel guilty about it.
So take what the person says on who they are.
Its your choice but know what’s coming if it becomes a relationship.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Many said my ex isn't a good person and he could betray me at
some point, but I can't totally accept it and still believe he is a
reliable person. He dumped me as I rarely understood his
feelings so I thought he was guiltless. What do you think?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you probably didn’t realise, is the seeds sown already, way before you met
your ex and not only that - due to your association with these type of “friends”
also added to the damage for you to then behave in a manner to make your world
predictable.
You won’t believe how many wmen I have dumped, blocked, due to their
irritational behaviour.
They already had the script and because of how they get inﬂuenced from their
environment, become untrusting, their personality changes and they are up and
down, up and down, one minute they so certain and next it’s if…maybe…but…
You didn’t need to understand his feelings.
This is where most women get wrong. A man wants reassurance, empathy, and
certainty, not doubt, not up and down.
To have consistency not up and down.
But what happens is the guy gets lots of shit tests, and we know they are because
most of it is negative, irritational behaviour that is all geared to self sabotaging a
good thing.
You really think guys don’t know when a wman behaves diﬀerently and
starts acting with some doubts, ifs, buts, maybe’s?
We are diﬀerent with women in psychology and biology but we are also the same
in other ways.
One of them is intuition and can see patterns.
One of them is “feelings.”

We can feel something is up and a game is happening, and games happen
because of insecurities, fear of abandonment.
When you behave irritational and when you slip up talking about some friend
experienced this and that, to crushes, to some guy checking you out, or whatever
that just talk not focused on the guy you’re with…do you think a guy won’t see
that this is casting doubt on him or shit tests?
That we don’t know, a woman is trying to make a guy jealous of other man’s
genes?
When a woman talks about genders in a devaluing way with her man, don’t you
think that is casting doubt about you more than him? That he sees a gamer,
someone who likes to play games with shit tests because she is insecure about her
connection with the man?
We know shit tests even when society and women say they don’t exist. They exist
and done is a covert way as women have always approached dating in a covert
way.
We sense and we feel the self sabotage pattern is happening and the conﬁdent
man move on.
Leaving the girl to her own world that men are against her, all men are bad, all
men use her and how “guys use girls.”
There are two sides to a story but if man opens his conversation for all to see,
most people will be very surprised on how most women say they are not at fault
or they don’t know why man moves on without even a word.
Yes, we said we want you, we want a life with you, we see a future, a long one but
along the way, most women screw that up with listening to friends, with already
baggages and insecurities, and these play out as time goes by and now the guy is
uncertain of the future with that girl.
This is by the way came from women who read my works and act like princesses
and like virgins, like they didn’t know this guy is sexual, this guy is into this and
that.
You know, behaving covert all of a sudden.
He probably felt the same, that you don’t trust him. He probably got tired of it
and the tired of the emotionally draining behaviour, and it was toxic for him.
Yes, a guy will feel that and dump the girl, or block, or move on because
everything a girl said to him on how she feels for him seems like a lie.
So he becomes repulsed by her, and his love turns into resentment, anger for
investing all that time to ﬁnd she never trusted him anyway.
You put your past experiences, your script, the game you decided in your head
before meeting your ex and add now your friends who cannot keep their mouth
shut about your business, and you got yourself a predictable out in which….you
have…the…villian. Him.
That makes your story, outcome predictable.
It will happen again wth another guy untiul you change the script in your head
and probably, do change yru friends or let them know to keep ther mouth sht
about your business.
The great things wth ost guys, we don’t tell everuthing to our friends.
We don’t see our social network and friends as “everything.”

Most girls and get inﬂuenced by friends a lot.
It’s too late.
He moved move.
No guy wants the drama and up and down, and not feeling he’s trusted. It’s really
a shit feeling for a guy.
You’re friends will ﬂy away one day.
Friends are not everything and you’ll learn that soon enough in future. Friends
have insecurities themselves.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys pursue women anymore?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If the the answers I see is a reﬂection of a guy responding, he’d fail the shit test.
So let’s decode the question to say exactly what it means…
“Why don’t hot good looking prince charming men, that get my heart racing,
pursue me, instead of the not so good looking men who are average looking?”
In other words, guys do approach but they are not hot good looking, the type of
man, the Prince Charming…that…women who complain about this…are craving
for.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bruce Anderson

How do I teach my son to write?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Aug 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You share or help him experience one helluva an awesome experience, that he
wants to share that experience with the world.
When the mind experiences wonderful things, it cannot help but tell the story,
even if it starts with drawing…that alone is the big leap.
So enrich him with incredible experiences in which he has many stories he has
got to share or express.
Imagination is power.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way that anyone has ever responded to the
question "how are you"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - so how are you
Girl - ?
Girl - ???
Girl - Erm
Girl - ADAM!
Me - Yeah?
Girl - How are you?
Girl - ?
Girl - ???
Girl - Oh wait! I forgot. You’re Gemeni!
Me - ;)

Girl - So, have you ever had sex in car or somewhere crazy
Me - Is that your car?
Girl - Yes
Me - Then let’s answer your question ;)
696 Views · View Upvoters

Would it be considered being rejected if I ask a guy to join me at
the table I was sitting at, and he said no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a rejection because..
1. You asked the question
2. So you gave it meaning
3. And called it “rejected.”
4. Therefore your action, the time you spent to login, the energy you
exerted to type the question and way you phrased the question, means
you took it personal.
Therefore, since you gave it meaning, you also made it personally about you
then….yes…take it as a rejection.
As that’s how you really see it - that you was rejected.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do to be brave (to avoid fear and overexcitement)
when I speak in front of people?
Adam Taha, I've done many public speaking events large and small

Answered Aug 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“If you don’t grow through it, you will go through it again and again.”
The world we live in will always judge you.
People always ﬁnd a way or gravitate to gossip about you. People will always say
what’s wrong with you and even, say they are qualiﬁed to know you, from your
writing and talk about you.
People will be far ready to tear you down rather than uplift you high, talk positive
about you and will also take what you say, one thing and misrepresent it to ﬁt
their perception and reality.
There are plenty of small mind people who have a lot of time talking about you.
You can’t get away from that and wherever you go, people carry perception which
is their reality.
That’s the world we live in but appreciate…
Opinions count for nothing and the majority and what they say and do, doesn’t
mean it’s a reality.
Science is a reality.
Opinions are not.
I am giving you science and if you read and look up science, regarding the mind,
how we work, you’ll see much of what I say is in there.

So the ﬁrst thing to appreciate is socialisation, in which we have been
conditioned to follow norms, to be passive and this makes you over think a lot
because with socialisation is this need to impress, follow your social peers and be
accepted by…the…majority.
The other part of your challenge which we all go through is our own mindset, the
environment we are brought up in, the thoughts, the belief system, someone else
shared and collectively with our own experiences creates our perception.
That then holds us back.
So much so we live in our heads to never take action or if we do, it is for the
wrong reasons.
Our minds will replay many many stories, experiences and maybe an experience
you had which has also aﬀected you to procrastinate.
That puts you in a position of isolation.
Isolation creates this craving or neediness for validation.
It makes you desire approval, acceptance and validation from others to an
extreme level and when you act due to these, you always come from ego based.
Ego is fear based.
When you desire validation far more than growth…you will always ﬁnd yourself
worried what someone says about what you do, say, write and behave.
How others see you becomes far more important tha how you see yourself and
your opinion of yourself.
And..yet…your own self image is what needs to be nurtured not what the majority
thnks because the majority wll follow the masses.
Norms change as time goes by.
What wasn’t acceptable years ago is now acceptable.
You decide then to follow or to innovate.
You cannot innovate by following the majority.
The biggest reason as an example why women and men fear approaching Is they
seek validation. They crave for acceptance. They do not really want to date but
rather their mindset is to be validated.
When you seek that validation, you do everthing like a covert spy.
Always tip toeing like you’re walking on eggshells.
Always worried what someone thinks of you.
You never really even be direct about your intent.
Then people talk about respect but who of respect behaves that way?
Only someone who isn’t authentic.
Only someone who hides behind a social mask.
Only someone who is uncertain of what they want.
Only someone who desires validation far more than growth.
Someone who rather follow the masses than blaze their own path.
What does someone who follow the majority does?
Wait for someone to walk.

Wait for someone to approach.
Wait for someone to say it’s ok to say hi.
What for society and their social peers to say it’s ok.
Wait and grow painfully slow.
I saw for example, people, crowds of them waiting for the light to change to green.
The fucking light isn’t working.
But no one was going to walk.
I walked and then people started to walk.
That’s how it is with the majority. Safe. Comfortable. Passive. Waiting for
someone to go ﬁrst because they don’t want to be ridiculed, laughed at, pointed
at, judged and isolated.
That for me is power because when I knew this, it means I could do things,
achieve where others won’t because they follow their social peers, they want
validation and crave to be seen as good men and women.
Your mindset is therefore doing to validation instead of growth.
instead of it being result driven for growth…. you do it to get validation and in
doing so…..you will waste a lot of time being hesitant, like an observer, anxious,
waiting for the right time.
Your own development shrinks drastically…
You’re social instinct are not pushed for your mind to develop pathways
for you to develop the tools you already got inside of you.
You’re brain isn’t engaged as much for it to gain lots of experiences that
comes from you stepping out of the comfort zone where energy ﬂows
through your whole body and mind.
Your conversation skills is below average and like the majority. Boring.
Tedious and safe. Heard a thousand times and you become like most
people…predictable.
You become ill prepared if an opportunity arises to engage someone you
meet because your nervous system isn’t used to it.
You lack physical touch from other human beings such as physical
conversations when engaging for fun and paricipation of social
activities.
So the ﬁrst step letting go of the need for validation and shift your mindset
for purpose of growth.
“I am not doing this to get validation. I know what I am and who I am. I am going to
do this to get results…to grow. So I will talk to lots of people not to be approved,
accepted, but to grow, to challenge myself and bring value to the table. It’sﬁne if
people don’t get me. I get me. Everyone got diﬀerent values and in time I’ll meet
those who have same values as me.”
Now you got that mindset and you have detached from validation.
It becomes more fun to do things without accepting anything or having
expectations on people.
A calmness will come to you.
You’ll feel it.

Hey, validation when it’s healthy is ﬁne but the reason why you feel needy is
because your not doing enough of the work in socialisation. Your brain is so
hyper, your body is so needy, your emotions is so craving because by nature, we
are social creatures and if you don’t do enough of this…you got to be ﬁlling your
need somewhere else
Since you’re not doing it enough, talking to lots of people, conversation, physical
touch and they do same with you, your brain, your system is starved.
That’s why you’re hyper, so excited, so fearful because the pattern is not set yet
and for that pattern, for your nervous system to get used to it, you need to do a lot
of it.
But the problem is, you need a lot of experiences, positive ones, and if you got low
self image, then you will only do a little or fraction of what you need to help you
be less excited and fearful.
So what can you do that can give you hundreds to thousands and more
positive experience so your self image grows bigger?
We use our imagination.
1. Find a quiet place, forget all this humming and arrghing.
2. Switch lights oﬀ.
3. This can be done with eyes open if you wish but lights oﬀ.
4. Phone and mobile phone oﬀ.
5. Now imagine in your mind a person and imagine them conﬁdence, see
what that person looks like when conﬁdeent, when fearless, when calm.
6. Visualise this person, feel this person, see other people and see this
person doing all the tasks, like walking to people, smiling, conﬁdently
shaking hands, talking, physical touch and everyone enjoying this
person company,
You ready?
Now…step INSIDE this person as this person is…you.
See through, feel through this person.
Go through the tasks visualing it all. Like you’re already doing it, making it
happen, feel the results, touch it, experience it, smell it.
Like you’re already there.
Do this often everyday, 15 mins a day and if you do lots of sots like this a day or
through week, the better because you are creating experiences, your mind needs
which helps your self image grows.
Your behaviour always follows your self image.
You still need to go out and do the work but doing it this way you be assured,
giving it sometime, to see improvements.
It won’t be instant huge but you’ll feel and see improvements.
Create lots of experiences in your imagination.
That’s your power.
Your tool you got.
Use it as often as you can.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

A girl broke my heart, what is the best way to get revenge on her
without harming her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Write down the biggest goals you want to achieve
2. Write down what you need to achieve them
3. Now roll up your sleeve and make them happen
4. Years go by and you made major achievements in your life
5. You’re also travelling world
6. You’re meeting high achieving artist, singers, promoters and get invited
to all kinds of VIP parties.
7. You become a rockstar of your own life.
8. And you also meet hot tall 6ft blonde women and have sex and parties in
the most fantastic hotels.
One of my lovers..who ﬂew from USA to meet me in South of France, and
we met in Nice and I just came back…

7. You check out amazing sites with your lovers. Let me show you around just one
place I went to…Nice. I can’t take credit for photos. My lover took these photos as
I showed her around….

8. I took her on her journey to the the Castle of Nice. The castle was buit for
military purposes but check this photo out..because we had to walk right up to
top of that grey castle. You can just see people walking up the steps…

10. Just walking up a few steps you begin to see some awesome view. Yes, it’s dark
but hey, get ready for other photos she took…

11. Going higher….

12. Higher…

13. Higher and she couldn’t help but want to. Man, wmen get romantic when they
see sunsets ;)

14 and here’s the ultimate view I got her to see….

You see what you can miss out?
Oh yeah, what happened to my ex?
I don’t know but whatever she and others I left behind are doing, I hope they are
happy. The best revenge is to go and create a massive life and never look back.
There are far more gorgeous women out there and exciting adventures to
experience.
My life is a fantastic with art, music, writing books, seeing the world with sexy,
hot, women and ﬁlled with exciting adventure and so can yours.
That needs money to see the world and experience all this and so….
Focus on your energy on loving the good life.
Write your own story and go and live.
That’s the revenge.
There’s so much to see and experience in world and you can do the same with
new incredible, hot, sexy, smart women
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys use Facebook as a way to meet girls to date
them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Because most girls on facebook are attention seekers. Yes, we know
attention gives girls some security and I aim to teach every guy I meet to
not give girls any attention and focus on only girls who are direct in their
intent to meet and mmmm, lots of sexy activities.
2. Most girls on facebook are complainners, whiners and boring for us. I
mean look at the shit they post on facebook. Negativity like they
politicians (roll eyes).
3. Because we don’t have time for girls who want to kill time. We’re not girls
entertainment slot machines
4. Because when we see how much shit is on their page….we rather shoot a
bullet in our head before sending a message to a girl on facebook who
post that nonsense.

We see all that and I can’t believe that girls thinks that is attractive and
won’t put us oﬀ because…it does! What’s with all those whining, politics
and sermons? That tells usthe girl is too serious, not fun and bore us
crazy with all that, probably hasn’t had sex for a year and is socially
awkward and really all her ﬁrends are fake anyway.
5. And worse…they like their own comment and reply to validation.
6. Because girls talk too much on facebook and don’t do enough living.
Seriously, what is with all these selﬁes, food photos, memes and boring
shit videos?
7. Because we can’t be assed with lonely girls on facebook who spout shit
all day, selﬁes and memes and spiritual, humanity messages that they
themselves don’t live up to. Nothing is real on their page, just empty
rehetoric bullshit.
8. Because we can walk out of the door and meet tons of girls and we do,
and get a date in a matter of a few minutes or a week.
9. Because we can do better oﬄine and it’s faster. We still use online but
don’t expect us sending messages. Can’t be assed wth all that pedestal
talk and cover bullshit girls do, pretending they are princesses.
10. Because…it is the 21st century and so now, if a girl cannot get oﬀ her ass
and send a message and stop being covert, and be direct and say what
she wants, well…she can stay put where she is
11. Because…we are not going to be the next story for girls to pimp their
social status to her friends wth..
“OOoh look, guy sent me a message, why can’t they leave me alone?”
Because….we got better things to do..like…
Talking to hot women who DO send us messages.
Now these women know what they are doing and their pages is fun, no selﬁes, no
talk about serious stuﬀ and they do send us messages.
They understand why we don’t and know what we want.
Smart women!
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ruin a narcissist who gave me the silent treatment
and doesn’t care?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t play with the ﬁre.
If you do, then you can get burnt.
Best way is that you just move on. I won’t mess with anyone’s ego because if you
do, then you don’t know what you are about to unleash in your world.
Best way is that you focus on moving on and dedicate your energy in your life for
bettering your life because when you play with the ﬁre, it will consume you.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a person who loved you leaves you for
no reason and later starts to ﬁnd a neverending list of reasons
to leave you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People leave for a reason. Whether they didn’t say or they did but the other
person was not listening, there was a reason. No one walks away without a
reason, and it is always based on what the person wants or cannot get from the
person they are with. It is a feeling.
It means, this person felt they couldn’t be open to share their feelings with you.
So since they know they cannot do that, and realised they can’t get what they
want from you and since the person felt they cannot ask and be open, they held it
in and moved on.
If there is no reconcillation where you take action to ask the person or you don’t
want to, and if you cannot give what the person wants then move on. We all want
something.
We move on because we don’t and feel we can’t get what we desire from the
person and the feelings we feel with such person is not clicking anymore.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Are girls more popular than guys?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

More popular or not, one thing is for sure.
For girls, when you get to 25+ your sexual and romantic market share value will
drop so fast you won’t believe. If you go with a guy that is a 10 be ready to also
realise, you as a girl growing up as a woman, in time, in regards to
looks/status/popular, will be drop from 10 to a 5 and if you are 6, do the math.
So don’t complain when a man of 10, grown in status, perceived value desires
younger when you become a 6 or even a 2.
Best you don’t go for a man of status but rather a man to connect with at a deeper
level, sexually and romantically.
Go for a guy who is an 6 if you’re an 10 and when you’re grow, you will be
balanced to ﬁnd your attraction drops to 6, like he is and balanced.
As woman you’re looks drastically changes but even if man’s look changes, he has
status, resources, perceived value, conﬁdence and can still attract younger
women even at the age of 50.
So create those memories with him and stop screwing with age, status and all rest
most women go picky on as these won’t stand by your side when you age, your
status drops to then complain why he is going for “age” and “status.”
You probably already lost a handful of men because of such mistake. No, you
cannot go back to these men.
If you burnt the bridge, especially if he’s older, you have burnt it big time because
you demonstrated lack of self awareness of how the world really is. Such men do
not want to be with a woman who is ill advised and who lives in a bubble and
detached from reality.
Women who are 50 except if they are celebrities, or have a lot of wealth and other
assets such as money to connections will be able to date younger men. Either
they are celebrities or got large assets/wealth.
Look where you are, and be realistic.
Let go of the fantasy and bubble.
In school, college and uni, you’re in a bubble.

Moment you leave and meet the world, that part of “popular,” will mean fuck all if
you’re not some hot shot model and a celebrity with millions of followers then
you can forget the blow out grandois illusions.
What you have whether your height, looks, breasts, ass, qualiﬁcations, intellect
will be so common, you’re going to ﬁnd your status hitting zero and no one will
give a shit.
You won’t be the only woman in town.
You’re going to be competing with women far prettier than you and smarter, and
very skilled, conﬁdent, high self esteem in sexuality, and that is a high market
value in world where men are sick of women who want everything but unwilling
to be feminine and sexual.
You can read all the books giving you grandoise ideas and feminism but don’t
think some movement is going to come and save your ass when you are not
paying your bills and working as a cashier to pay for student loans.
Whether you like it or not, you got tough competition ahead of you and a smart
woman doesn’t squander her youth on popularity but invest on the tangible that
makes sure she doesn’t end up in shit creek like most do.
You’ll be invisible like many people.
Men when they grow older, if they look after themselves like I have, with ﬁtness,
resources, ﬁnances - as we get older our value skyrockets.
I travel the world, young women also love doing so and I take them with me to
places most can only dream of seeing and can only watch on youtube videos or
instagram photos, or pininterest.
As we men get older, many of us, including myself date younger.
We don’t look for popular.
We don’t even look for how much you know.
We look for how you make us feel…
Most young women do not make us feel great because most young women still
think it’s about popular noise, status and so most of the behaviour is attention
seeking.
The conversation is low par, negativity, routine and even ﬂirting and the
sexualisation itself is so poor, we move on.
We can tell such girls haven’t much experience and that’s ﬁne but it’s the
maturity of knowing how to connect with an older man, converse conﬁdently in a
feminine way, without this nonsense most do for nothing more to pimp for
attention.
The feeling we get from most doesn’t cut it because the social skills is low and has
been replaced with games we older men been there, seen it, know what it is.
We probably entertain you for a while but know we have options and will move on
soon enough if you do not make us feel what we want to feel, and it cannot be
done by all the stuﬀ you did at school, college and uni.
That might impress some 17 year old lad not not an older man who travels world
and seen far more than a girl who lives at home, and hasn’t even spread her wings
to see four corners of the world.
Her world is probably internet, youtube videos, facebook, instagram and chatting
to teen guys to get attention for feel secure.

After all- that is what seeking popularity is - to feel secure.
That is what telling world your global opinion is - to feel secure people give a
damn what you think.
They don’t.
They care about what you done not what you can say.
That will be so in the big wide world young women and guys will soon meet.

At this age, you’ll be burning so many bridges under the name of looking for who
you are, studying, career which really is a covert way for nothing more than
looking for hot good looking guys, or ﬂirting with them to feel..secure.
You will do what most older women realise is the biggest mistake they ever did in
their life but the world tells them they can do it without being judged while if
man does it, he’s a coward.
You behave and approach men and life in a covert way, with hints and signals and
that slows you down.
Thinking you got all the time in the world but you haven’t.
You’re life time span is short.
if you’re not settled by 25 years old, you’re already on dangerous ground and all
women can motivate you that it’s all about being yourself but believe me, you will
feel the pinch then and even worse at age 30.
By 40, you will bullshit yourself there are no good men anymore but most of
these young women didn’t care about good men but status.
It be the same story on how being single is so awesome.
It means you spent your youthful years chasing shiny objects and you couldn’t
even hold on to a bad boy, so even a bad boy didn’t see the value on holding onto
a girl who is chasing status.
Chasing the “popular” only does one thing….
Makes a young 18 girl unattractive because it reveals to men she has no clue of the
real world as yet and still in a bubble.

Such young women haven’t stepped out of the bubble but the ones…who get it,
woke up early enough, are the ones we date and they experience all the
opportunities and resources we built that most young men haven’t yet started to
build or ﬁgure out.
Most young women who are smart will see older men as a orchard of knowledge,
experience to acquire, learn, develop and use for later on in their life but most
screw up in thinking their education will give them that edge in life.
It won’t but it won’t matter what I sayn because at that age, most think they know
better and the world is against them.
They’ll experience soon enough that if they don’t get along with world, them they
won’t get much from the world.
It’s that simple.

As your looks fade, as what you thought makes you popular diminishes,
dissappears, you will now realise the importance of how stability is crucial but for
most young women it be too late.
You squandered your time chasing young men and your beauty with them so
don’t expect a good deal when with us older men, thinking your beauty will cut it
for us.
Don’t expect giving us terms as one shall not be in such position to do so. That is
fantasy.
You will need to work it and show something much more than talk and games
and pimping your “nice princess image.”
Being popular means fuck all to us as it’s value in the real world means nothing
and so is the cause for your status you had at school, college and university.
You frowned on average looking men but that will be your pool when you get to
25-30 years old.
And if your facebook is full of ranting, full of negativity and selﬁes…we avoid
such girls like the plague.
We also cannot help such girls for job opportunities, referring our friends, our
important connections, opportunities because of this mess these girls create
online. It doesn’t look good for us and the contacts we have.
I now have connections all over world and connections from fashion directors,
music producers, ﬁlm producers, established artists if a young woman desires to
learn from artists who made it and got big connections, to scientists and so many
professions.
Imagine how your CV will look like being involved with just one of them and a
smart young woman will understand very well what I mean.
You’ll see what I mean when you start applying for jobs to realise you’re
competing with millions and if your CV is same, well, you’re got two options.
1. Keep applying
2. Or unlearn all you learnt and start really learning how the world works.
In other words..get out of the bubble.
So forget popular.
Clean that up on your social media proﬁle, enough of the ranting, superﬁcial
stuﬀ. It’s killing your chances in future.

If you haven’t found a guy and settled by 30, you’re screwed because you missed
out all those memories, challenges, many experiences with the guy who could
have grown with you….with….sexual experiences, romantic experiences and even
experiencing you when you was young, to ﬁnd it be very diﬃcult to keep a man as
with other men, they didn’t experience that with you.
When you bond with a man and sexually, chemicals kick oﬀ, lots of things
happen in a man’s body and yours. Imagine years of that with added experiences
and memories together.
You miss out big because you chase that what doesn’t last and will not beneﬁt you
in the future.
The real world is around the corner.

You’re going to soon meet it and it is a monster and it is unforgiving. Forget your
crocodile tears and sad stories.
It doesn’t care.
If you don’t know how to build connections for real you’re done. If you think your
beauty, ass, tits and curves is uique, you’re in for a surprise, and a nasty one at
that.
That is all because girls chase status, popular and that value in the real world
means nothing if you’re not some hot shot famous person with swag.
That is a fantasy.
It is not easy being a celebrity and to even try to be one will alert the wolves of
this world snapping at your feet.
Most young women are not that brave and too covert about who they are and
desires of the world.
That world is for rebels and if you are not one, then focus on more tangible value
as that’s a dark world which I am from, and you do not want to be in it if you’re
sensitive and desire validation to say who you are.
That is the reality of life when most young girls never learn until too late.
Many fuck up and not reaise the value in having a man of certainty, resources,
experiences is far important than ﬁnding a man of status and populary….until
they meet the world, when they have left home, paying bills themselves.
About two weeks ago, one of my lovers heard her friend say…
“I was stupid! Stupid! I had an older guy when I was 18 and all I was thinking is
popular status. I saw his age, I didn’t think straight. And those guys 10, are now
nowhere, just doing nothing. I could have had experience, knowledge, resources, I
could have learnt from him and even get ahead in my life but now..working in a job
that’s not my dream job. I am not even happy of my direction in life…”
She is now 25 years old who was a popular girl and went for popular guys, and
screwed her life over over changing popular…young…guys.
In school, college, uni, probably a 10 but now…she’s a 4.
I am talking in regards to status, looks and appearances because attraction is
perceived value.It’s what we…see. Including online.
Another woman from another lover whol told me of a friend who is 35 years old.
She cannot ﬁnd a man who want a long-term relationship because many of the
men she desires are dating younger women.
They are the men she ignored because they weren’t popular but now the table has
ﬂipped, and she desires them because attraction now is very diﬀerent to her but…
so is for these men,
When she complained I just said to her..
“How can you complain over that what you have done since you was a fucking teen.
You did so as human nature. Men then do the same as well. You missed the boat and
now it will be harder. You’re only option is dating not a 10, those days are gone. You
date a 4.”
Harsh, yes but that is the reality.
So if you’re a young woman be warned…

Popular means nothing if you’re not a celebrity with millions of followers,
companies sponsoring you in the thousands and millions.
If that is not you then better clean your act everywhere…
Especially on social media…
If what we see on your social media pages too is like the rest of young girls…your
status in future, popularity if 10 will hit 2. If 5…it becomes zero.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do covert narcissists get away with hiding their true selves
from friends and family while abusing their spouses and
children?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Always trust your intuition. If you feel something is wrong, something is not
right about the person and situation, you’re right.”
The covert is a wolf in sheep clothing and because it’s covert, have low self
esteem and struggle with conﬁdence, they will hide their love for money, wealth,
fame, popularity, power, control and hide their jealousy and greed with many
layers of charitable causes and behaviours.
The clothes or mask they wear are:
1. They wear simple style clothes but desire luxury clothes, dresses. They
wear to hide their grandoise fantasy for hot sexy clothes, rich clothes,
wealth and desire for kinky sex.
2. Some who are not even into sex will lie about how they are sexually
conﬁdent, love sex but really, they don’t want sex. They use it to
manipulate you and even change your state of frame of mind. You’d even
fuck your psychological and biological with such people. When you feel
that…run. Block them. Listen to your intuition.
3. They are not modest for being modest but they lack self esteem and they
want to hide their sexual manipulation in ﬁnding out you like sex and
use that to attract you.
4. They ﬁnd out what you desire and use that
5. They pretend they care about humanity, about the world and act it in
front of relatives, parents and friends.
6. They give out gifts to friends but wll try to game you to extract money
with sorry ass stories on how hard life is and how some got it all and they
got nothing much
7. They talk about studies they do about world and environment contiously
with projecting how they so care about world, and they are better than
everyone else tone
8. They work in charity organisations, environmental, nursing, student
counselling, counselling for adults and nature kind of jobs.
9. They will do all they can to show they got empathy. Pretending to cry
over something and even ﬁlming themselves crying and send it to you.
They will talk about some dead animals and or something global and talk
so sad, and upset at what they saw and how heart breaking it was
10. They talk on how they wish they can help people but they don’t do
anything but help close friends for agenda to get attention, admiration
and that’s it

11. In fact most of their friends push them away due to them being
overbearing as they so want attention so bad, they get shot in foot for
helping as they step over the mark due to their feeling of superiority the
complain wy people pus them away as they are judgmental.
12. They only have few friends if any. They are so low in self esteem,
irritational, busy bodies in interferring to “serve” people, their
behaviour, negativity, their superority in telling friends what their
friends never asked for, pushes people away. They can’t help but advice
like they think it’s their job to do so.
13. They pretend in front of families like mum, dad, relatives with helping
around house and doing low key jobs, and “helping people,” and
promote it to relatives about it
14. They use facebook and instragram and forget looking at all those low key
images. See that one image that stand out, looks sexy, hot, etc, or shows
wealth, or some grandoise them? That’s who they really are and
everything else is irrelevant
In conversation whether face to face, text or phone…
1. They are very negative about themselves and world, acting like victim.
2. You will see then pattern of negativity is constant
3. They just cannot help behaving as a victim. It’s really is like a child blah
blah blah with every conversation face to face, text or phone
4. They do a lot of lowering your frequency to their pathetic level and if
you’re positive, they will try to drag you down with them
5. They appear only when they want something i.e. feelings, attention,
admiration
6. They get pissed when no one out thete gives them attention and then
come angry at you. If you wnder why it is happening, now you kow. Their
plan didn’t work. The other person didn’t see value in them and nor
sould you and slam that door shut to block.
7. They talk always about themselves and rarely if ever ask questions about
you.
8. They lie a lot and much of it is melodramatic
9. They contiously do things to get your attention and admiration
10. Moment you block their asses, cut them over without reason, I prommise
you, the coverts words of love and all that, means nothing.
They will dissappear back to where they came from to do same to someone else. I
never had a covert narcissist come back again because they know one thing…..I
sussed them out.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people only talk to me if they're interested in me
romantically, etc?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t worry.
When you’re 30, your sexual and romantic value will drop like a ton of bricks. The
older the woman gets….her market value sexually and romantically drops. There
are few exceptions though. But for most older men, it increases, if they look after
themselves.

When 40s, if you haven’t got a man then to settle will be very diﬃcult.
I’m in my 40’s and dating much younger women.
Don’t knock it - if that’s what’s happening.
Just relax and enjoy it.
It will dry oﬀ in time and then like most women I know, they start saying why
men are not giving them attention but that’s because the guys go for younger. It’s
part of life, and it wll happen.
Enjoy it while it lasts ;)
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why are (some) men hesitant to label themselves as feminists,
even if they believe in equal rights for women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you see this..

Do you know why she has blind fold on?
Let me clarify for you.
She doesn’t see fame, popularity, gender, colour, religion, label but justice. Not
that it does a fat fucking lot of good wth all these organisations with their
political agendas, mainstream machine and some judge, who acts like some
white knight but I digress.
I was born with colour. I was born with certain genetics. I was born as male. I was
born in an Arab, religious, cultural family and in fact, in without many choices,
even with an I.D. number like I’m a product of the government.
Born also in a world that is societally programmed.
So much of the choices I didn’t make.
You think I give a shit about what feminist want and how they so wonder why I
am not feminist.
Hesitant?
I don’t need to categorise myself as part of organisation or movement.
Therefore don’t ever label me as hesitant.
I’m more direct than most men and women om here at life, dating, business and a
lot of other things in life. Even most sexually conﬁdent women on here who even

try messaging me act all covert and innocent, naive and princess like.
It’s not hesitancy.
It’s a choice.
I decide on something and no one is going to push, nudge or guilt trip and even
label as “hesitant.”
This is how it is for me..
“This is my court of law where I got blindfold on. I’ll judge people not on label but on
the actions, behaviour they do to me whether you’re a woman or man.”
Calling one self feminist means fuck all to me.
Be whatever a person wants to be - but they need to stay the hell away from my
path with their ideologies, beliefs, religion, norms, superstitions, rules, opinions
about dating, sex, modesty and whatever one is selling.
I’m drinking no one’s Kool-aid.
I don’t need any “ism” to do whatever I want in world or stand for what I believe
in. If that’s not good enough for some folks, well, they can go and fuck themselves
for all I care.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why are diamonds forever?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because it makes billions of dollars.
You see, diamonds are not rare as you think they are if you was at a time in which
you had a company who wanted to sell diamonds and make billions. So how can
you make such thing that isn’t rare be rare, and then pump the price up so
fucking high, so when people buy it, they don’t really question the price but think
of it as something fucking special.
“OMG! Look at your ring. It’s so big girl! I wish my man man showed how much he
loved me and bought me BIG DIAMOND RING! It shows he will love me forever, and
he sees me as…special.”
How did most women grow up to believe in the bullshit they believe today and
how did men also fell for the same bullshit?
How did men fall for the lie, where women can be sneaky, ambogious, and it’s all
fucking right for them to be so but when a man is like that, he’s a coward and
when a man is forthright and says “I want to fuck you,” he’s creepy?
How come women are not seen creepy which they fucking are, when they do all
that ambigious nonsense? Christ it’s so creepy it feels like Alfred Hitchcock movie
when they don’t just be direct instead of hints, and pretending they have no clue.
Always covert.
How do you make people believe in the shit they believe today?
You do the good old socialisation trick.
Through time, using the same marketing machine, with stories, books, movies,
billboard, magazines, music, buy lots of time on radio, the screen…. repeated over
and over again….for people to believe….diamonds are so
special….diamonds..are…forever.

Repeat this version of how diamaonds are so rare and so few...and only for
someone so special for such a special time to give it….which also promotes the
bullshit of soul mate, the one, cupids ﬂying in the air, and so magic.
“I’m so…special! It’s a big rock of a diamond! OMG! Look friends, look what he gave
me!”
But marriage isn’t forever for many because as you see, there’s a door called
“divource,” and lawyers ready to line up their pockets for the next season of
couples who think love conquers all and the bigger the diamond, the more special
a woman thinks she is.
Diamonds are forever, because….it makes…billions of dollars.
The rest on how it’s about trust, love, special… blah blah is complete bollocks. It’s
socialisation talking.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that men don't forget their ﬁrst love? Despite the fact
that they get married later and love others.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Travel the world and walk through the city of Paris. I see her there standing with
her smiling with her eyes.
Walking through the orchards of South of France I smell her favourite fragrance
and the smell of her hair.
Flying to another country. The clouds fade away to see the lights of the Nice
shimmering coloured jewels to see her red ﬂushed cheeks as her pussy cushioned
the thick girth of my cock while she beckoned me like a siren
Tasting the rich grapes of Venice and sip a taste of old matured wine. my heart
raced as I remembered her devlish smile.
I don’t drink alchohol but sometimes, just a taste to remember how I drank from
her red soft volumptious lips as I caressed her ivory white skin with my brazen
hands.
From Rome to Switzerland, from Brazil and Ibiza…I hear her voice, the gasps and
pleasured moans.
As the rays of then sun of Ibiza kissed my face, I felt the dampness between her
thighs, the rhythm of her body, the throbbing, the pulsating and pounding as her
heart raced…when we created our own milkways together.
Walking through the streets of london, in and out of night clubs, to ﬁnd my hands
around another woman waiste. Her blue eyes dared me and I challenged her.
Her ﬂowing blonde hair, 5″11 made he look like a godess as we walked to ﬁnd
ourselves in her apartment, to pin her to the wall, whispering her bolding that
she’s mind to fuck anyway I pleased for her surrender wide open.
Thrown onto the bed, her ﬁngers tied knots on the bedsheet, her body spasms as
she bucks, her eyes roll back in her head, her legs quiver as I fucked her in the
ass….and I forgot the woman of the past that easily.
I remember, I didn’t even speak a word to attract the tall blonde woman to taste
her ﬂowing juice as she sat her pussy on my face, to suck and drink fromblooming
throbbing pussy.
Entwined in each others sweat, like wild raging beasts….and I forgot the young
past lover as easy as that.

Yes, the past is but a distant memory, when you experience life where every day is
an adventure most men and women can dream oﬀ. Like young teen girl’s crush
on some teacher but his status is in that small tiny school or college but out there,
his status diminishes for her and wakes up from the bubble.
Sometimes, she wakes up far too late to lose men who always live in the moment,
where they have experienced life than reading about it…lecturing about it…and
where the past for such men of greater value and status is but a ﬂeeting memory
and nothing more than that.
Far from women who are low in self esteem, who spend their time in games for
attention to spend most of my time tasting white smooth ﬂesh and world she will
never see.
All that which is a ﬂeeting memory deserves to be distant in the back of a man’s
mind and has no place in the instant, the now and moments in which he lives a
life of thrills, excitement and women sending tons of emails to meet them for hot
pulsating thrusting sex.
Sure, the past lovers will drift in the mind and as I said before, I still love, but she
doesn’t take much eﬀort to forget as you feel the swishing of other women’s
tongues and ﬁngers on your cock, sliding and twisting up and down with
wetness.
To feel and hear their slurping as they feast their lips around your thick girth cock
and delight it’s head, for the the room to be ﬁlled with moans, groans, grunts and
screams of pleasure and pain of ectasy.
Just wait until you meet the sophisticated sexually conﬁdent women of Monaco
who will make many so called sexually conﬁdent women shy, hesitant, unsure of
themselves to even call a man “creepy.” No, such women in Monaco will laugh at
such women and tell them to be quiet and stop acting childish and backwards to
leave…for you to feel their smooth white tanned skin dance and slide over your
body like silk satin.
Even when the music outside is loud, it doesn’t drown their plea for more
thrusting, pounding and riding.
Such woman, is like a ﬂeeting memory, forgotten when you live a big life as she is
sitting at home, bored, pretending it’s all exciting as she uploads photos of some
fake pose of spirituality, or smartness, and whatever they do on instragram.
Pretending to their friends on how amazing her life is or how spiritual they are,
how they love life but never have such women really lived from the small bubble
of their comfort zone.
Probably spending time with little cute boys who pretend to be men, and who
want attention, texting, instant messaging as she dramatises her life to get
attention to feel secure about herself….when such young women know very well,
compared to how you live your life, every month you’re in a new country with
another women experiencing a life such women can only dream oﬀ…. while most
women haven’t even left their city and too busy online hiding in a…bubble.
They are but a ﬂeeting memory, forgotten.
It doesn’t need much to forget such women who didn’t make you feel alive or
have excuses on why they couldn’t do that or this and so on, no matter the beauty
or who the women are.
It doesn’t take much to be a ﬂeeting memory.
The heart only lingers due to hope and it does so because it is not living, it has
not seen what’s out there, it hasn’t tasted the best, nor does it know what it feels

and taste like. Such hearts fears the future and lingers in the past, and loses itself
in the present of anxiety and doubts.
I don’t hope, nor linger or look back like I regret.
I live to create more memories and those who are but memory deserved to be
there and those who are in my life have understood, researched, took time to
know me, my emoitional language, worked, reveald, shown and knew what
makes me feel alive….to be in my life.
Yes, of course we remember and only a fool denies he didn’t love the women he
loved but it is but a ﬂeeting moment here and there.
If you do not desire to be ﬂeeting moments here and there in a man’s life, then
know what makes a man FEEL alive but be warned…
It maybe something you and most women cannot give because most are chained
with guilt, shame and insecurities, to have you always behave covert about your
desires and feelings.
Alway trying to prove to man you is something when he doesn’t give a damn
about what you think you are, what you achieve, or how you see man or woan but
rather…how you can make him feel…like no woman can ever make him feel.
What else moves a man but feelings?
What else makes his heart race but desire.
What what’s his dick hard, but emotions?
And in all that what prevents most women to even see this and behave as such is
their shame, guilt and even compete.
After all, the world is still pounding women’s unconsciousness to be ashamed
about a lot of things which is why even the sexually conﬁdent are always
behaviour covert.
And so most women…ﬁnd what needed to be said, felt, is too late as the man is
gone. You had your time.
It is gone.
Pretend you don’t love him.
Pretend he never existed.
Pretend you are moving on but he shall be that ﬂeeting memory, with a
diﬀerence. That see the man you are wth now. Is he learned? No. Is he
experienced? No. Is a man of the world who can show you the world? No. Is he a
man of sexual experience to make ypur heart sing? No.
Can he speak those same words in such a way? No.
What then is that lesson?
That, there was the time to do whatever necessary, she say what needed to be
said, to reveal all, yes, your nakedness, all but since most women work on covert,
most insecure, many ashamed, guilty of that which is natural to do, then she
waits for later..
To ﬁnd he is gone and she becomes nothing more but a ﬂeeting memory.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Can I get my boyfriend back using the law of attraction even if I
am blocked?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Law of atraction is about your own self development. It’s not about trying to get
something as it defeats what it is. It’s about you building from within, your
mindset and behaviour, to build your own lifestyle that does the attraction itself,
not by you “getting” it by manipulation
What you can do is the following if sharing your feelings isn’t beneath you
and think it’s begging…
1. Be honest in looking at why he blocked you. Look at your text messages,
email messages, recollect and see what went wrong. Was your
conversation all attention seeking, validation for security?
2. Was your conversation mostly ﬂowed with negativity.
3. Did you avoid when he was ﬂirting with and make excuses and playing
covert, like most women, pretnding you don’t know how to ﬂirt?
If so, stop doing that. All girls know how to ﬂirt but you avoid doing so to
play covert, innocent, naive, princess and it only hides your intent,
interest and desire for the guy.
4. Did you intentionally or untentionally shit test him, with stories of ex
boyfriends, sex with other guys, talks of crushes which devalues you.
Doing that to teen guys may work but if an older man then such stories
only reﬂects immaturity, seeking vaidation and attention to feel secure
about yourself and shows to the older man that future is not going to be
much good with you.
That you haven’t grown as a woman and really even if you say your far
mature than most, the behaviours reveals the opposite.
5. Did you at block him from any social media i.e. facebook? He will know
and therefore, you cannot say you love him, care for him, and say you
trust him if you speciﬁcially took his name, added and blocked him on
facebook. That is a red ﬂag for many men. It shows you are preparing to
discard him and hiding something from him.
6. Write it down
7. Do you agree changes need to be made with yourself and how can it
better future relationships?
8. You can then if you desire create a new email or social media account
and send him one message apologising, mentioning what you did,
without devaluing him, without justifying it, and sharing how you still
feel for him. Explain those feelings sincerely and don’t hold back. This is
not the time to hold back and be covert. Give examples of his traite you
like, and how you will change the behaviour.
9. Then leave it and wait and see.
That is really the honest way.
If you cannot be bothered to do that and ra ra to your friends and on facebook,
thinking he doesn’t see, because you blocked him to not see all you do on
facebook/instagram, which by the way he will be able to see….
If you did that, then you really got one helluva mountain to climb as us guys we
are very savvy with the internet and if he sees your behaviour hasn’t changed on
these platforms including facebook, twitter and instagram, he probably won’t
bother.

I don’t by the way, bother checking my ex’s social media pages, as I know most try
some bullshit games so when I block, I completely stay the fuck away from ever
looking at their life.
The other reason is I do have other relationships and other young women, who I
am connected with, meet, sex relationships.
So when I spend time with a woman, she better fucking know she’s special or I
can go and spend most my time elsewhere if she isn’t.
Most women forget that part far too easily when a man invests and get too cocky,
too complacent and too lazy to realise, such men can easily move on, block and
focus their attention elsewhere.

Forget law of attraction as this is about self development and isn’t used for such
things. Just approach honestly in the fashion I have explained.
If you cannot do that, you weren’t into him anyway and if he doesn’t reply to
desire to resume, he wasn’t that into you either.
4k Views · View Upvoters

What should you do if your loving boyfriend abandoned you
because of your breast size?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Aug 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever been in a job, you did really great but something changes. The
company isn’t telling you the truth, that they are ﬁring some people because they
are transitioning to something else but they got to let go of some people. However
to do that they don’t want to legally fuck themselves over.
In the begining you got everything they wanted. This is attraction. That you got
the value that is higher or equal to what they desire.
Same in attraction for dating.
You attract or a guy attracts you because you are higher value in social status or
equal to the guy. So attraction was there in the begining. He didn’t look at the size
of your breast then and said anything did he? Of course not.
He didn’t say anything about your ass, legs, height then? Of course not.
So what some companies, not all but some do is they get their lacky’s to do their
dirty work..
Start throwing you work you’re not specialised in to fuck up
Start documenting anything you’re not doing even though it’s not your
job to do
Start getting in the way so you don’t ﬁnish the important tasks so you are
way behind to make excuses for them to use against you
Start talking negative and all kinds of shit to get you to argue you back
and then use it against you.
Start devaluing you by talking about how someone else is an attractive
possibility, like the way girls and guys do with talking about ex, someone
checked their ass out when shopping, or crush on some guy, which
personally shows their own lack of self esteem and pathetic need for
validation.
The day of your evaluation happens for the company to say..

1. Your tits are too small
2. Your ass is tiny
3. You’re not tall enough
4. You’re not short enough
In other words, the company, the ex boyfriend, says it’s your breasts but really, it’s
because he want to move on and it has nothing to do with your breasts.
I mean I love a slim curvous woman with big breasts and women with small
breasts. It’s not their breasts that kept me but the amazing feeling they made me
feel.
It wasn’t their lack of breasts that got me to move away and even hate some of
these women, really fucking hate, repulsed by them but rather, because they
made me feel shit.
Sometimes I wonder what the hell was the reason I ever saw in them because you
really ﬁnds, they haven’t much value, their life is boring, routine, they haven’t
achieved much growth and they always stay in some comfort zone place which is
one of the reason why they are in a bubble.
That is not me saying you made him feel shit but rather, it be totally diﬀerent
thing.
However, it is a feeling and believe me, a guy who you made feel shit will say it’s
one of them and you better listen, because you can repeat those mistakes over
and over again in other relationship..and..many still do.
If not all the time, we guys do say what is up but even when we do, either girl
apologises while at the same time devalues, or she doesn’t change her behaviour
quick enough.
So guys do say but most don’t listen if they all about themselves, their situation,
where they are at when the guy just wants reassurance.
So it be diﬀerent if …
1. You’re like most girls communicating negativity on every converstion or
text, or phone. Such girls bring no value in a guy’s life.
2. You’re teasing, and most girls tease and think that’s attractive when they
are rfucking devaluing a guy. Most girls do not Learn how to probably
tease, and it suppose to make a guy feel great, aroused not devalued and
frustrated.
3. You’re absent minded when you both agreed to talk on phone and due to
his work schedule, and whe time time, you said you was so busy you
forgot
4. You only care about talking about topics you are interested in. Even give
a list of topics you’re interested in which by the way shows you’re not
interested in what the guy has to say.
5. You talk about yourself and only yourself
6. You ignore his achievements and only ra ra about work or admiration he
showered about you
7. You talk about your achievement
8. You talk about who checked your ass
9. You talk about your crush
10. You only communicate to him about your lofe, your screw ups, and
doing everything to seem validation like some teen in school or college,

who craves for attention the way most doon instangram and facebook,
blazing way wth vomiting politics, gossip and selﬁes
11. You become emotionally draining and even if you look like a godess, you
become one ugly woman to any guy for these reasons. Even I’ll fucking
despise such a woman and dump her hass and even not give her reason
and block her sorry ass for these continous behaviours.
12. You completely don’t know who this guy is because of these 10 mistakes
most young and older women do.
But since this isn’t about these then it really is not about you, about your
tits, but rather if you step back for a moment to see…
1. Attraction is gone
2. He found someone else
3. He is comparing you to someone else like a fucking idoit
4. He was a fucking asshole anyway but you didn’t see it.
An asshole by the way isn’t someone who is attracted to women’s hot body, tits,
ass and wants to fuck women.
I am that guy but never will I ever say the reason I move on is because it’s her
body because I was attracted to her from day one visually and later I found
personality etc.
All I was attracted to is still there but it’s a feeling I felt that I now don’t want to
feel anymore with a woman to walk away from.
An asshole is a guy saying to you, “I don’t want to date you because of your tits,”
when these were not an issue at all from the day he met you.
And so he ﬁnds one thing hat isn’t about the reason he wants to move on, like the
company and says..
“It’s your tits.”
In other words..
He was an asshole way before you met him AND you still don’t see it. You still say
he’s a loving boyfriend and not even an “ex-boyfriend!”
It really has nothing to do with your tits.
So stop saying it’s because of your breasts like you’re conﬁrming it is and basing
and believing that is the real reason because he said so, when it’s not.
It cannot be because he was attracted to you in the begining and “tits” was not a
problem when he was attracted to you.
So move on and never quit, until you ﬁnd someone who really wants…a…
relationship with you.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How would one describe a covert narcissist in one paragraph?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A wounded child in an adult body and they like to pretend they dont like money,
sex, ﬂashy stuﬀ but really, they desire it all. Though they want it they have low
self esteem to do something about it so they try to get it in a covert way from
others. They hate other people having it and think they are better than anyone
else and should have all that wealth, fame, beauty and more because…they feel
entitled. Manipulative, sneaky, act all empathatic, kind, talk about the world,

humanity….but…everything is but a show, very covert, emotionally draining,
negative, low self esteem, talk all time about themselves, their life, They really
don’t give a shit except about getting attention, admiration and hate criticisms
and anything that reveals the mirror of their wounds.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

How should I reply if I ask a girl out and she asks why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t make it complicated.
Move on.
She’s not worth your time, seriously. It doesn’t need a thesis to explain this. It’s
simple if a woman asked me this question.
She just disqualiﬁed herself for not showing conﬁdence in herself and playing
some dumb game. If she cannot answer this question herself, best to move on.
She wants some big trip validation to kiss her ass.
Move on.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you tell to an average woman who thinks she is
extraordinary?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You tell her she is extraordinary.
Because she is.
We all fucking are.
You know why?
Because we are still standing when people like yourself try to bring us down, and
we only get stronger and you only ﬁnd yourself pushed down by your own self
entitlement thinking people cannot believe in what they can be.
So you smile, you cheer her on and you say she IS extraordinary and ask about
why she feels that way, and enjoy the conversation of her world, her feelings, of
her positivity because here’s the thing.
You might even learn a thing or two about having a strong positive attitude about
oneself.
When you meet people who are not positive minded, always complaining about
their life, insecure to such a level that they are ashamed of who they are, their
sexuality, their desires, goals and ambitions and having to hear that shit often
enough, believe me, she is extraordinary.
It is not her insecurities but yours you need to sort out.
Leave her alone and associate with people who talk crap about themselves.
As they say, “birds of a feather, ﬂock together.”
If that makes you comfortable, associate with someone else but don’t pull her
down with words or anything.
She’ll be okay.

She’ll attract someone who is far more conﬁdent in themselves, high self esteem
to enjoy her amazing attitude.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I genuinely care about a girl, without being a "nice guy"
about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is so many questions on nice guys and always this terms, is skewed, thrown
about without understanding.
So let’s get some clarity…
1. You can still smile
2. You can still be happy
3. You can still give
4. You can still enjoy conversation
5. You can still spend time wth a girl
6. You can be kind
7. You can be compassionate
8. You can be wise
9. You can be intellect
10. You can be whatever but..
But We’re looking at it in the context of “nice,” and in that context we come to an
understanding of not being a….push over.
Don’t compromise for ass and pussy.
If a girl devallues you, speak up. Let her know the boundaries or not just girls but
anyone can walk all over you.
Nice as in push over….
1. You smile to impress her
2. You fake being happy
3. You give to get into her pants and even when you don’t give a shit, you
don’t say no to her while I would say “go and do it yourself. You’re a grow
up.”
4. You let her talk shit. devalue you and nothing really is about you but all
her and you don’t say because you fear upsetting her, losing her due to
her pussy and ass
5. You spend time with her and disregard your own life, friends, hobbies,
interest, desires, needs, wants and life because you think spending lots
of time with her will get her to say “yes.”
6. You don’t approach, ﬂirt, because you fear being called a player.
7. You wait and wait because you fear rejection due to having her opinion
of you is above your own opinion of yourself
8. Hence, you have no boundaries
9. You are passive-aggressive at what matters to you and haven’t an opinion
due to fear of oﬀending her or losing her
In other words..

Nice in this context means a - push over.
So don’t be a push over.
Know yourself.
Be honest with yourself and just know you don’t need to be a push over and let go
of what is so important to you to impress some girl.
In fact if you really care about someone, you take the mask oﬀ and show intent
immediately you’re into someone and let the chips fall where they may.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Yesterday I saved my cousin from bullies but my legs were
shaking and I was scared. Does that mean I was brave?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you were very brave.
It’s people like you who make this world a better place. Who let others feel there is
hope in their life and world.
I like to congratulate you for your amazing courage to stand up even when you
knew you too could be harmed and in danger.
That is not only a brave thing you did but a kind, compassionate action you did
for your cousin and your cousin, is deﬁnitely fortunate and blessed to have
someone who puts their needs aside, their safety to protect.
You’re a very brave person.
I applaud you for your big heart, courage and bravery.
Thank you for making this world a better place and shown your cousin one
amazing message. That your cousin is never alone against adversity of facing
bullies. That life even when cruel there is good people around.
Would everyone is you would…
Raise your glasses, a toast to you who makes us hope we too can be brave when
the time arises for who we care and love…

Credit. Image from:
https://pixabay.com
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

I have dated 3-5 men so far and did not ﬁnd anyone nice in
terms of really caring, responsible, respectful and loving.
Should I still go on with my search or just leave it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever applied for a job?
How many did you need to apply for until you ﬁnd a company and even then,
when you do, after a while, you realise it’s not what they said it was and you got to
now move on?
Sometimes you stay in that company because you can’t do better or you know you
went for the look, and now stuck for a while, and still wondering where you’re life
is going.
You know, the name of the company, the brand, the position, the money, looks
amazing, makes you fall crazy for the opportunity but when you get it, years go
back, if you’re fortunate, growing, you can see what went wrong and so you got to
ﬁnd the courage to move on.
You’re still growing….
And you can meet someone and all is ﬁne but you grow more and ﬁnd, that’s not
him and move on and grow some more.
That’s dating for you.
It’s not really about out there but more about what’s inside of us and so when you
quit, you also quit growing.
You only get lucky if you have a lot of resources and most women and men don’t.
That’s also growing, realisation and you begin to do that too.
Most see dating as something way down list to build resources for and so you do
lots of the hard way instead of it becoming easier for you. It’s not seen as self
development, as understand the self when for me, dating is all that…
understanding the self…growing…being honest with one self, pushing from
comfort zone.
Since most people don’t do that then you wll have to go through many until you
come to a realisation of many things and you begin to meet someone people you
click with and even then, it’s still growing.
However, the more resources you have, the more honest we are to what we want
that helps us grow, helps us be ourselves, the less worried about wearing a social
mask, the easier it is for the ones who do click with you and look for someone like
yourself to identify and ﬁnd you.
Problem is, most women and men, wear a social mask.
Most make decisions regarding what it looks like, rather what it means to them.
It’s growing.
So it will be diﬃcult as all things are when it comes to growth.
I try not to wear one, you know the mask, it’s not easy not to wear one, and
sometimes I ﬁnd I am and so another realisation happens and growth happens.
But when the mask is full oﬀ I can feel it and it’s why it becomes easier as well as I
have large resources and know where to look, where there is abundance of
women who have similar mindset, similar desires, and it’s just a matter of
personality and ﬁne tuning of compatibility which I don’t compromise on.
Yes, there is a price to pat for not wearing social mask.

You become vulnerable and you are quickly judged but I also get results faster in
the growth within me.
I also attract women who is in my nature as I am with them, who do not see
player, asshole, jerk, creep but natural man as I see them as natural woman.
I rather have majority world judging me than wearing a mask and making life
complicated and it is already complicated.
Keep going and in time you’ll adjust, adapt, get better in creating ways to attract
and learn a lot about yourself.
In reality, it’s not even about dating but learning to become better in being
resourceful, in learning more about yourself, people, the world and many
opportunities and knowing how to use them to your advantage.
So give it time, don’t give up and think it just happens with a few people you
meet. It takes time but just make sure you got a life too.
Build a lifestyle that’s all you and in it you’ll meet tons of people similar in
mindset and values, and who you can connect quicker with.
See it as self growth, learning about yourself, people, skills, knowledge, insights
and try to not be hard on yourself.
Try to enjoy the process :)
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is one thing that you hope people will say about you after
you are dead?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The one thing?
It be this..
“Who the fuck is Adam Taha?”
“I haven’t go a clue mate.”
“No, it’s on his tombstone,”
“Did you see other side?”
“No. Let’s see.”
“What’s it say?”
“It reads…..Nobody.”
990 Views · View Upvoters

He asked me out and I said no because I was busy. He hasn't
asked again. Now he won't reply to my messages, or even open
them. I want to ask him out. What do you think is going on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If that was me, and I saw you plastered and you said no, and you was all busy, and
PLASTERED when I see you again, I will not bother. You wasn’t busy to get
plastered and therefore, being plastered was a far more of priority.
Most importantly…. I also don’t like women who get plastered.
Can’t stand that crap even when I see guys do it, so I would not bother. I’ll
imagine all the nights out and friend’s parties, and envisioning you getting all
plastered.
Thats whats going on.

He’s moved on and for good after seeing you plastered.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best answer to when a girl says you deserve
someone better than me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - You deserve someone better than me
Me - You’re right.
Then move on or you will for always try convince her every fucking week. It’s not
bollywod or hollywood.
She’s saying “I’m not interested.”
It’s a pat on the back to the guy to let him down easily. So walk on and forget
being some Hero with long replies like she’s princess, and you got a whole life to
wait for her.
She’s not interested.
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

What doesn't impress you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. The person’s morality view
2. The degree or education one has
3. How they can win a debate
4. How much money they got
5. What car they drive
6. How many mansions or house they got
7. How sexy and hot they look
8. How they are sexually conﬁdent
9. And their opinion of me
What does..
Is how they make me feel and if they make me feel shit, judged, guitly also of my
sexuality which is diﬃcult to do, but if they TRY to….they can completely, fuck oﬀ
out of my life…no matter if they got all the above points.
377 Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man stay madly in love with a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Nothing what women say it is
2. And nothing what a man will say because he knows he will be judged by
what he says
That is why, when most who say they want to know, they mean, that which ﬁts
their fallacies. culture, belief in dating and relationship than what a “man”
desires.
Most women already call men creeps and all kinds of crap for their desires and
being upfront, so what’s the point in man saying what it will be?

Also all men are diﬀerent.
What one man desires is another man’s poison.
Therefore you cannot focus it on same as all men.
If you want a man to completely open, woman also must be completely open and
problem with that, is people wear far too many social masks.
The amount of women I ﬁnd here who are not who they say they are and
contradict what their own proﬁle says is huge.
That then is the evidence for men for what he will ﬁnd..if he was so open. So man
keeps much of what he desires locked until…he ﬁnds the woman who he feels she
is completely open to him and that there is not easy to ﬁnd in world today, in
which many are not what they project on who they are.
It does not beneﬁt women calling men creeps. players, assholes as it does not for
man calling woman slut, whore, too easy but this will never go away, and so the
social masks for many will stay.
Men is also generalisation.
So you will never know until man himself opens up and as most men realised,
doing so is not to our beneﬁt, even though most women say it does. We have far
too many examples to say otherwise.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should someone stay in a long distance relationship if trust has
already been lost?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, when I heard verbally, person didn’t trust, it was over. That was the
poison, even if they said they do now. The damage was now done. I knew then by
that action alone, all the time they wore social mask and so I cannot let that go
because I trusted, I invested time and so I cannot believe a person who says they
now trust can change that fast.
You see, when you say things, it now swims in your mind and as it swims you
begin to question a lot of actions, the history, and you begin to wonder how can a
person who talk about love, you are this and that, and yet, at the same time, do
not trust you?
It doesn’t make sense.
That means, all was a lie before the fact when you hear they didn’t trust you. They
had no reason to not trust because they knew from day one what I am, what I
wanted and they read much of what I want, believe, come from right here, on this
website.
Therefore when you know that, what would you think.
Exactly.
It’s something they either brought from previous relationship or insecurities that
are projected on you.
That’s something I get often so it’s not like one woman. It’s very common with
online dating, local or long distance.
I had quiet a few of these in this year and last year from women. Mostly young
women who have been hurt or whatever issues they got.

It was envitable, when I heard this from some of these women, it was all a matter
of time to see more self sabotage to conﬁrm to me, it’s best to move on. It’s hard
knowing you gave and all that time the individual’s didn’t trust and now expect
it’s ok but it plays in your mind.
So for me, if trust is not there, long distance or local, no matter how gorgeous a
woman is, it is be over.
You’ll have to decide on your own position and where you are at in the
relationship but I take a stance, if someone has insecurities, it’s evident time and
time again and trust wasn’t there then it’s going to eﬀect the future.
The over may not happen instantly but I already know of the outcome because
such people self sabotage more anyway in behaviour. They don’t change that fast
and will still not trust and just saying of fear of abandonment or fear of losing the
person.
They already lost the person moment the other ﬁnds out there was no trust in
bbegining because that means…a game was played.
I don’t like games.
I’m honest, upfront, say what I want and what I don’t wan.
So a person will know my motivation, what I want from day one. I’m an open
book. Not that diﬃcult if you read my answers.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you rather date someone who tells you the truth or
someone who tells you what you want to hear?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I rather be with someone who makes me feel great because someone’s truth can
be diﬀerent to everyone else. After all, what is truth but a perception and a reality
that has been conditioned in the person.
If I want an opinion or truth about something whether life or myself, I’ll ask for it.
If I don’t ask for it, don’t say it. Just enjoy the conversation, having fun getting to
know one another.
I’m not interested in anyone else’s truth about me as truth is a perception,
someone’s thoughts, ﬁltered, categorised, skewed.
Same as my truth and so, even my truth should never be accepted by everyone
and nor for me to say someone else’s truth, whatever they believe is wrong but
rather, it is their truth, I respect it and I may not agree with it. The only time I give
opinions as such is in my writing.
But truth, well….
It is but a cocktail of someone else’s opinion that comes from someone else’s
opinions, a combination of information, thoughts, perceptions, reality all made
up into one for a person to say it is their truth.
Now if someone says 1+1=2
Then hey, that’s truth but opinions, perception, reality, of someone else’s is not
truth. It is THEIR truth.
So I don’t want truth.
I’m not looking for some teacher to date, or mummy, or daddy, or preacher.
Rather it is a lover that I date. I am not looking to argue on gender issue or even

my appearances. I’m not into arguing and nor into the “comparison” games of
what someone thinks of my dating advice to someone else.
It’s really irrelevant and truth of people is that - to compare, to judge, to win a
debate and judge.
To me it’s always about…how I feel.
If truth of someone makes me feel shit, if their behaviour makes me feel so, I
don’t care if they are right, wrong, or even whether it was done unintentional. Not
my problem. It’s what I feel
Of course, that does not mean I don’t want to know the person, their opinions of
life, how they see things but target it at me or manipulate to pretend it’s not at
me, I’ll know, and I’ll severe the connection.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

If you have an argument over text, and it was a
misunderstanding which you explained and apologize for over
and over, but you say things in the sentence in your defense,
does that nullify an apology?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. An apologys should not devalue the the person you’re apologsing to.
2. An apology isn’t to guilt trip the person with crying and how I feel hurt,
with mention of tears but I am so sorry.” That’s not an apology.
3. Stating some expectations someone has is not an apology.
4. If you’re apologising in a way that makes the other feel shit and guilty,
it’s not an apology.
5. If you try to justify. It’s not an apology.
An apology is when..
1. You are sorry. You feel remorse and empathy.
2. You state what you’re sorry about, explain.
3. That you are also sorry for hurting the person.
4. What you will do to ensure it doesn’t happen again
5. Lastly, your behaviour later is consistent and does no leave room to make
the person feel like he’s being punished.
Behaviour After The Apology
I wouldn’t do some silly games, dissappearing for a few days after the apology but
reassure with some communication.
Last thing you need is for the person to feel they are being punished with silent
treatment.
Then when time passes, it’s back to normal, you can distance if you’re very busy
but right there, after the eﬀect, in the days that folows, there is conﬂict, so ensure
to give reassurance so the person doesn’t feel this is a silent treatment.
Silent treatment is abuse.
You cannot complain when a person feels that and walks away from friendship or
relationship. Even when done unintentional, you needed to know this ﬁnal part.
Reasurre the person in those days after the apology by continue conversation
here and there.

Those who do that really care about the person or love the person.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay for a girl to tell a guy she likes him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it is ok. Just don’t do this..
1. How you doing?
2. How’s life?
3. How’s work then?
4. How’s your studies?
And..
1. I like you
Ok you like the guy, so what?
What do you want?
Like in what?
Like as a friend?
Like as “ooh you’re so hot.”
Like as in “I want to date you?”
Like as in what?
Be speciﬁc. No hints, no grey areas. Be clear what you mean by like..
“I like you…and….I know this place where we can check out more than just
friends. Gives us space to know each other..”
Just get down to it. Be clear.
Don’t confuse the guy or expect him to know what you mean by..
“I like you…”
These questions are not arousing and really, such questions is left way after, in
comfort stage. And the I like you, is not saying much.
This is attraction stage, so be fun, upbeat, build fast rapport and show the guy
you’re diﬀerent than rest of the insecure women who bore the shit out of us guys
with these questions and labels.
Let him know exactly what you mean by “like.”
If it’s dating, then explain that and ask him out.
871 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Andres Pilquil Varas

Have you ever muted or blocked proliﬁc and popular Quorans?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Aug 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, lots of sexually conﬁdent women.
They weren’t that sexually conﬁdent at all. Just acting sexually conﬁdent on here
but really, nowhere even close. In fact they are are quicker to label a man faster
than anyone else and will feel very insecure when they meet a conﬁdent man
who is sexually conﬁdent., brash, full on, ﬂirts and sexualises instantly.

For the record, it is always the other way round who intiate instead of me sending
a message ﬁrst. Nothing wrong with that but most think I give a shit about their
rules, or what hypocrisy and double standards, like I’m going to behave
gentleman. Not that type of guy. The way I write, is who I am but most are a bit
slow getting a grip with that idea when they message.
So they are not sexually conﬁdent and don’t believe what they got on their
proﬁle. It’s like most use that as some social status to say they are so diﬀerent
than most people but they are not - or use it for titilating stories that’s far from
who they really are in real life.
Very dissappointing indeed.
So yes, many sexually so called “conﬁdent women.”
To these..
“Why you disable comments.”
“I don’t agree because..”
Like I write for people to agree. I answer from my point of view. Not everyone will
agree. It be a boring world.
I just block when I see their true face and reality.
But yeah, lots of so called “sexually conﬁdent” women.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the hottest thing a girl has ever said to you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was talking to a woman and we were ﬂirting on phone. I was ready for her to call
me by these names and roll my eyes.
1. Creep
2. Player
3. Jerk
4. Asshole
But then, she did something that totally rocked my spirit..
After the phone call, she called back 5 mins later and said..
“Please, be yourself, you’re not creepy to me, asshole, jerk, player. I am so tired of
nice guys me, they bore me. You’re the most honest person who says what he will do
to me and desires. Please…for god sake don’t change. I need a relationship that’s
like that, honest from day one. I’m tired of games.”
I don’t know what brought it on but it was probably being with fucking idiots,
some men judging her and labelling her.
That was hot for me.
Hot — it’s to know where I can be myself with her.
To me, it’s…very hot!!
35.4k Views · View Upvoters

What signs would you give a girl to tell her you like her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t do..
1. Signs except if I am guiding traﬃc
2. Signs except if I am guiding airplanes to park
3. Signs except if I am doing morse code for covert operation
4. Signs except if I am a spy agent
I’d just say what I want and if she can’t take that, well, there’s an ocean of other
guys, to meet and date them, and happy for the girls to do that.
I don’t do ambigiouity and any girl who does, is playing with you and best to walk
away from.
There we go, from one guy and direct has worked ﬁne for me to attract hardcore,
sexually conﬁdent women and women who like a man of knowledge, who knows
what he wants and isn’t apologetic about it.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Are women aware of their subconscious attraction towards the
alpha male of the group?
Adam Taha, I love reading books on leadership.
Answered Aug 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean…
Men who have far more conﬁdence
Men who have high standards social skills
Men who have fun amazing personality
Men who are charismatic
Men who have a lot more resources
Men who have conquered social pressure
Men who are comfortable in their skin
Men who also uplift others, men and women who are around them
Men who if a woman tries to make him guilty of his sexuality and will
laugh it oﬀ and increase it as he follows his ways not social norms
Men who are good at creating wealth
Men who are good at connecting with people
Men who are good at ﬂirting
Men who are great at conversation
Men who look healthy, ﬁt and look after themselves
If you mean that, then yes.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the smartest reaction to a girl playing hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You always know, seriously, when you best to move on. It can be fun to keep
connected but you will realise as I have, many girls come with their own story,
own script in their head that’s it’s not worth it.
Some come with already being detached to ever being in a relationship at this
moment in time.

Some come with nothing more to want emotional stimulus. Some come for
attention seeking and some, just come and go as fast as they come.
I always know, always, either in the begining stages and if not in the early stages, I
can see the pattern later on, with ifs, but, or some excuse about age, or some
ongoing avoidance with ﬂirting, and on it goes.
Always, you sense this playing hard to get, and when you do, let her go.
She is saying she doesn’t want it.
Or if she does, is immature anyway to invest time with.
She is someone with her own psychological issues, or wandering through life in
pursuit of grandoise ideals, or career, or degree, or something else, and you can
hear it, feel it and sense it.
There is also the self sabotage pattern, so even if she does communicate, she will
soon enough do lots of negative, irritational behaviour to question “WTF is she
doing? Why is she is saying this or showing that bullshit?”
You’ll also notice devaluing technique.
When you get that, believe, it’s done wth intent not done with girl’s not knowing.
They know they are doing it.
That’s self sabotage.
They either can’t say they don’t want it, or not interested and some stay put
comunicating doing all kinds of negativity and irritational behaviour.
Others self sabotage so you become the villian or some will just say it wth excuse
about life etc.
Much of it will be like this and I am not kidding you here, this is what girls do..
1. Talk about how ex called, and they had sex and says they don’t know
why it happens. They know why.
2. They talk about that but it’s a lie to see your reaction.
3. They talk about some crush
4. They talk about ex
5. They talk using words with detachement i.e. “when you have fun with
other women..”
6. They use words like “ifs, but, maybe.”
7. They become irritational in talking negative
8. They mention gender issue topics like “women suﬀered more than men,”
<<< that’s a big red ﬂag of a girl who doesn’t want sex or trying to frame
relationship into no sex later on.
9. 90% of text and more is negative
10. Sends photos of someone’s hand up her skirt
11. Talks about some girl or guy on how gorgeous they are and “they are my
best friend, so beautiful.”
You can feel it, she’s toxic, she’s not grown and you don’t get a hard on wth her. In
fact, your biology can fuck up even when you didn’t meet her and that’s when it’s
just text messages!
Imagine if you met her?

So suddenly you feel sick and you feel something is wrong and it completely
changes your view about her in regards to future with her.
That happens because there is no sexual tension and much of it becomes platonic
and re-framing the relationship.
Move on when she does that.
Though you want to give her a chance like she’s diﬀerent than the rest, you are
really thinking of her sweet pussy and ass.
When you get a girl who plays hard to get…you best to move on.
When you get a girl who is saying, ifs, buts, studies, you move on.
When you get a girl who talks with uncertainty, move on
When you get a girl who says age, don’t worry, she will move on anyway,
soon enough - and - she too wll be at your age and realise it means fuck
all but by that time, all that glitter around her is gone.
There is no reaction.
There is just a response, which is to move on.
Say bye, or not, just block and move on.
If you’re lucky she says she is moving on herself, great, then block from
mobile phone. Delete. Be happy for her. At least she said it early on enough
but do block on everything and move on and smile, she was honest enough
to say it in near beginning.
Yes, it was an awesome connection but you know what?
Best to be with someone and communicate with someone who gets you, wants to
be part of you and your life, instead if ifs, buts, age, or lots of behaviour that
confuses the fuck out of you.
Every action comes with you deriving a feeling of some sort, an emotional
feeling, and it will get stronger and when she is gone, you’ll feel deep sadness,
hurt and pain.
Let her go.
Most girls also come with past heartaches or relationships that never happened,
and that too reinforces the script they already believed in and decided what
game of life they wll play before they met you.
There are far too many women on this planet who have grown, realised a lot to
know what is important…..that a rich connection is valuable, nurturing that
connecion without playing hard to get and bullshit they are too busy for this and
that.
In time, many will look back and realise they burnt so many bridges because of
studies, work, goals, plans, dreams, labels, forcing relationships into some
serious long-term label relationship.
They were too eager for the fairytale.
It will come crashing down on them in time.
When someone says that, they are saying you are not a priority, they don’t get you
and since that is so, you also make them not a priority as well.
It sounds cruel what I am saying, but I’m going to be blunt, if she is playing hard
to get, she is showing you right now, what is going to happen soon, later in the
future.

She’ll either break oﬀ and move on.
She’ll either give some excuses about studies
She’ll either saying she’s too busy blah blah
But I guarante you 100% she is communicating with other guys getting whatever,
and doing whatever, even with studies and all she says.
One helluva a fuck up is what is going to happen in the future if you don’t stay
away from such girls.
Let her go and move on.
11.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Munir San

What are some impressive tips for ﬂirting?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. detach from the outcome.
As not all will get you and expect to follow social etiquette norms so they feel
special like a princess. Avoid seeing every person as the “one.”
Just have fun
2. Be bold and take risks.
This is how you will attract the like minded who know what they want and who
don't play social games.
3. Be light hearted and fun.
It's suppose to be fun. If other person takes it serious and oﬀended tell them to
lighten the fuck up.
4. Congruent to your personality and intent
Which means be conﬁdent in yourself and avoid supplicating or apologise for
being congruent to what you desire and doing. Move on if their head up their ass.
5. Use physical touch as you converse.
When conversing I use touch here and there, and it’s not obvious but just part of
the ﬂow of conversation.
6. Isolate.
To see if the person is attracted you. Move them from where they are to talk more,
such as outside the night club or outside party or away from friends.
7. Escalation
Know how to escalate physical and conversation though I am bold in
conversation online or oﬄine anyway from beginning if interaction. It helps me
eliminate people who think there,are social rules to kiss ass with.
I have one rule…
Be myself while most is kissing women's or mens asses to impress and waiting for
right time and moment just say it.
If a person is worried what others thinks then best not do what I do. I am just sick
to fucking stomach of double standards and social norms regarding dating or
engaging to give just do what I feel.
If what I feel is not liked, good. It doesn't deﬁne me. It just says they are not in my
wave length.

Same with yourself. They are not in same wave length and so screen them out and
move on.
8. Emotions and Imagination.
Focus on emotional not logic and small talk about job, politics. You are not
recruiting a politician or ﬁlling a.job vacancy,
9. Always show intent rather than ambigiouity
Above all else show intent from day one. Behave as a lover not some pal/friend. If
a woman shows ambigiouity, she is not interested or she has issues you best to
leave her and move on.
It’s trouble and waste of time in the horizon.
She has shown without realising a glimpse of what she didn’t probably want to
show or she does know what she is doing.
Whatever the case maybe, it is a gamey.
Let her go and move on.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can you fall out of love so quickly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You were in love with the idea and the feelings you felt - not the person.
For example, even when I moved on from one girl, I didn’t fall out of love and by
the way, I don’t want to either. I am not ashamed of falling in love with someone I
grew to know and love.
I still love the women I fell in love with, I treasure the memories, and I am strong
to do so. I don’ “fall out of love.”
I would if I believed in the bullshit most do but I don’t.
That’s my power and strength. I can still love someone who I loved, and still love
other women. I just don’t talk about it to other women I meet, date, fuck and be in
relationship as it’s not relevant. I focus on relationship at present not past.
So you fell for the idea of the person not the person themselves. I didn’t fall for
the idea but the heart, personality, and who they are. That is why I fall in love
with a woman.
And I don’t give a fuck about women who I loved, saying they don’t anymore and
moved on. I am not going to make what I felt small. They can do that but I won’t.
That’s my strength and power as a lover.
I can still love someone who isn’t in my life and I am not in theirs.
12k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible to fall in love on the internet? I miss him and I
can't stop thinking about him.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is it possible to have feelings for someone who using the internet?
Yes it is and let no one try to make it small thing. I have met women from
connecting online, and from travelling world, met them, fell in love and had an
aamazing wonderful time.

So it can happen, it can grow into something magical and special but what
happens most of time, is when men do meet women online, much of
communication women do is coming from fear, insecurities, and not really
connecting to such to create sexual tension.
Any who ignore that part wll have a hard time keeping relationships and from
personal observation and experiences, most of us men move on because that is
not appreciated by women we communcate to.
Of course you’ll ﬁnd some people online who are not who they are, but I’m not
talking about that.
You can keep the heat on by words alone, so no excuses you can’t uses images,
videos because you live in parents basment, or relatives home, or an environment
packed wth challenges on time to be alone to communicate.
You can use words to ﬂirt, to communicate.
One’s own lack of communication skills and insecurities will be shown and
ampliﬁed by 100 folds. So if a person is awkward, lacks communication skills,
lacks experience in real social world then it wll be ampliﬁed online far more.
But yes, you can have deep feelings for someone online.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How much open mindedness in the world about sex would be
awesome in your eyes?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How do you see sex?
This is how I see sex:
Understanding one’s own psychology
Understanding one’s own biology
Having a health mind and body
Being self aware and the world around you
Sexually conﬁdent - self esteem, high conﬁdence
Sexually conﬁdent - knowledge in sex, communication, boundaries,
safety
Sexually Conﬁdent - understanding your needs, wants and how to
express them
Knowledge, skills to learn and understand the needs of the other person
I.e. lovers
Knowledge, skills, to pleasure your lover
Knowledge and ﬂirting skills.
Knowledge and skills in learning the diﬀerent people’s personalities
Knowing how to communicate to lovers with diﬀerent personalities
Knowledge and skills on the inﬂuences that eﬀect society and
individuals
Education and the diﬀerent ways to educate about sex diﬀerent
relationships, precautious, safety
The history of sex and societal programming and origins of norms

The process of dating, it’s psychology and for diﬀerent social
environments
And I’ve only just started but I’ll leave it there.
So the subject of sex for me personally is a lot more, and what people do is they
are open minded about one thing regarding sex and not on other parts.
That’s why it needs a wide range of education because it will help anyone to be
better prepared, more self aware, less insecurities, higher self esteem and
conﬁdence in themselves, the world around them and being able to have a richer
connections and relationships.
We can do with the bullshit games once and for all.
Personally, it’s not really about me because there are plenty of women who are
similar in how I see sex and life.
We don’t do what most do.
Women in fact at my level of thinking contact me and say direct..
“I want to meet you, date you and so turned by you and what you’re doing and
stand for.”
I have enough women do that so it’s not going to make my world awesome, as it’s
already awesome. It will make it easier for many other people who are still feel
less inclined to be direct about their desire for whoever they see and know.
I’m not. I’m direct and I let the chips fall where they may.
But deﬁnitly education for example on age, dating legal consent, and a host of
issues regarding health, safety etc.
There is so much focus on fear, rather than education.
So much emotional bias, which is cultural, rather than focusing on educating on
the points I have mentioned.
Instead we see lots of fear, judgement, divisions and not enough agreement as a
whole that there needs to be an education without the political agenda and
mainstream involvment that says they are with us when really they are iwth the
perservation of their own existence, power and the dollar.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

When she says there wasn't a connection after a fairly pleasant
ﬁrst date, is that code for you're unattractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are times when chemistry is not there. Unfortunately, people were
conditioned to believe chemistry just happens. It doesn't contrary to social norm
beliefs and fallacies in dating.
There is a process and yes, accidental chemistry can happen but that is perceived
value and you need specialised knowledge and skills.
It is why average men can attract attractive women. They have grown and trained
and learnt that which is obvious to everyone, but everyone just stuck in this world
of fairytales, fantasies which is ﬁne as it does bring some fun but not if it’s used as
it happens mystically.
It doesn’t happen like that. It needs someone who has specialised knowledge and
skill, and who knows the process, or you’ll ﬁnd your failure rate of anything really
increases by a huge margin.

It’s like women and men doing things blindly, looking at each other with
guessings, hints when it needs leadership.
There is chemistry and the person understands that wll know how to behave to
create and build on it.
If two people don’t know that then both are none the wiser.
It is a common mistake many fall trap to and it creates awkwardness than
chemistry, playing safe than excitement, platonic behaviour rather than
attraction.
Both individuals not leading and it's just when you both meet, it's awkward.
There is no sexual tension at all.
Therefore, this will not change for you until you know the language of attraction
and process.
Even when someone is hot on you, it can fade because none is wiser on how to
increase the ﬂame. There isn't an understanding of the process.
You.can also move too slow as escalation window is tiny.
For now take it that she is saying she didn't feel the chemistry with you not that
you are not attractive.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is your biggest sexual regret?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The biggest regret is I wish I never listened to society, parents, mainstream media
and wish..I dated, and has sex with women far older than me when I was 18 year
old and so on.
When I had sex and relationship with a teacher as a teen, I learnt far more from
that I learnt from parents, school, college and uni combined when it came to sex,
sexual conﬁdence, being comfortable with my body and even talking with
women.
With having sex with older wmen, there was a lot of giving from older women,
and also they gone past the phase most are when younger. There isn’t also much
expectations as you’d have younger and there weren’t much hangups either,
stress and drama as much.
But when I moved to have sex with young girls, I didn’t really grow as much, learn
anything new, as I did with older women. There was far more drama, far
insecurities on sex and communication screw ups.
I gained a lot of beneﬁts for my personal life, like the experience, the knowledge,
the understanding of Psychology, business development, strategy, literature, how
things work, preparation when you have your own place, banking, accounts ,
understanding myself.
I also saw they most value connections which was far more important than this
framing in mind about long-term bell ringing relationsip and even age issues
when I was 18 dating 30 to 40s year old women.
Most though came from successful business and career backgrounds. They didn’t
care much about validation from friends, society or parents.
From dating and having sex with few older women I gained more insights about
the world, myself, and even a deep knowledge, experience wth sex. I saw a lot
more and of a world I never thought existed.

But I didn’t do enough of having sex with older women.
It’s the biggest regret regarding sex
7.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sherril Gerard

Is it bad to text back instantly to a girl?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Bad? Well, for me, Bad comes natural. I am bad. You know how it is in world.
always saying bad is evil, or bad is so bad and disrespectful.
In fact, if I be nice, women or men, will still think with prejudgment. I can even
approach a woman, or talk to women online, and they’re already judging me.
So fuck it. I am going to do whatever is in my mind.
I don’t even have to think twice when I am like that. They might as well judge you
for who you are.
In other words mate, I don’t need the validation from women or anyone to tell me
my self worth.
So if a woman sends me a mesage like right now, and if i feel like sending one
right now and if it’s seen as something, awesome. Whoever texted me can go and
fuck herself.
But if she sees it as a guy is showing importance in her and interest, then great. I
love it when a woman hasn’t her head up her ass and being all serious. I can’t be
assed with being serious. World is serious enough as it is and packed with social
rules and judgment.
So I don’t think if I text now, or tomorrow, or an hour, or seconds later, or if I said
something wrong, or something cheeky and whatever, as bad.
I see it as..what do I want to do.
So if you feel, do it.
Don’t put her on a pedestal or anyone else.
Just do what you feel.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get my boyfriend to unblock me after an argument?
It's been 4 days and we are in a long-distance relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Arguments can be really toxic.
Appreciate that even if you have known him for long, as a man we have
experienced many relationships before meeting other women whether online or
oﬄine.
So much of what really anyone wants is not the same things but better
relationships but deﬁnitely, arguments can really do damage. They are
emotionally draining.
If he blocked, then as one lover did, waited and contacted me. She created new
email account and facebook, and even mobile phone number, and sent message
apologising sincerely. .
I respected her for that and admired her courage while everyone, even her friends
said to not do so. That told me, she was very serious about me and she had her

own mind, than listening to her friends but also, forgiving to also want to make
amends, rather tha forgiving and moving on. It did something else.
I had doubts after what happened. She kept messing up in conversations as she's
young and saying things that as an older man we see them as things not to really
say.
So when she did that, explains she's still ﬁguring things out in life, says things
without sometimes thinking, and how she really wanted to work things out.. I
really felt, it was heart felt and passionate from her side.
I admired her maturity at that point and it shine through.
I unblocked, resumed communication and I ﬂew to south of France to meet her. I
am right now in sunny south of france. It’s not like other countries with Visa
issues but it was also right time stability now at my end, ﬁnances and other issues
sorted which held me back a little.
Since she put all that eﬀort in, I put eﬀort in to ﬂy over and see her, meet face to
face rather than phone and text, and email most of time. It needed us to meet face
to face.
There is only two things you can do.
1. You can contact him by other ways, whether new email and explain,
apologise, say whatever, without devaluing him on how he expected this
or that. If you’re going to apologise, know how to do it without
manipulation and making him feel guilty.
2. Or you can move on.
Give him space and then contact him if you wish to do so.
It’s your relationship, not anyone else here. No one here is going to really be there
for you, whether you contact him or you don’t.
So you decide and take it from there.
16 Views · View Upvoters

When a girl gently bumps into you in a club, is she ﬂirting?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Aug 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you are type of guy looking for hints and signal, best to not bother with night
clubs. That's not a place for guys looking for hints. It's for guys who take action in
sub communication way using their own conﬁdence.
Avoid looking for signs and hints. Girls there are not interested in guys who wait
for girls to show interest. Too much going on and won't notice you anyway if your
a guy who is hanging on bumps and girl brushing into you.
Everyone is moving and bumping into each other.
It means nothing when a girl bumps, smile and even talks to you. You know when
she says yes to go outside with you, talks, physical touch,, kisses, grinding and
not before..number is given for you to avoid orbiting around her and move to next
club to do same again.
Even if you get a number, it still means nothing. Number isn't a date. Even girls
texting means fuck all as many are needy for attention and emotional stimulus,
and insecure half of time on her it looks.
Also they have a supply of guys texting them.

So best to go out to have fun and engage as many as you can because 90% will be
ﬂakes.
Repeat and rinse.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a part of me always assume that when people are nice
to me, it's a trick or there are ulterior motives?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I know how it feels.
I mean on the other side. I know it’s not me but the script of someone else. It’s like
for example with dating. You’re giving your all but deep down, you know tihs
person doesn’t trust you.
The reason I know is because I have years of experience so it doesn’t matter if one
is educated, school, college, degree; you can’t hide when you don’t trust someone,
and do things to push away.
You know something is up but in the other hand, you sometimes wonder if it’s
just you. You give value, you share your and bring joy, and one day, one year, or
more, they say something..
“The thing is I didn’t trust you but do now…”
And though you can appreciate their honesty afterwards, you look back what you
shared, you was open, and then it begins to dawn on you. Maybe they are still not
open because a person does not grow and change that fast
I always felt, people already make judgement even when the facts are clear, even
when they know a person is this and that. Even when the cards have been on the
table, because, as someone once shared with me, which I loved how she
explaiined it..also I already as I write a lot about the psychological script people
have long before you met them…
Before they met you, they already for that story in their head, decided already,
that they got to have a villian in the story, they got to have a crisis, they got to
have a break up, they got to have that predictable story.
So you decide, and since you have seen the pattern many times before..
“Yeah, I get it. I’m moving on. You don’t really trust me or ever loved me…”
And so you move on and be the villian of their story they will share to whoever, or
even to themselves to say..
“Yeah, everyone wants to use me..”
You don’t trust people because of your own past experiences, trauma, wounds,
maybe in childhood, maybe relationships experiences but also maybe you
associate with people who also got a lot of baggage that too can inﬂuence how
you see someone you’re in relationship with without even realising it.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

If someone dared you to bare all, would you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not in school anymore, where we were doing the spinning bottle and it got the
girls pretty pissed and…they were the ones who had the idea, where they all
bared naked, and I wasn’t because the bottle kept going round at them.

But they weren’t pissed oﬀ about that.
They were pissed oﬀ because the deal was, whoever is naked, had to lick ice
cream oﬀ each other and masturbate together, and eat each other out.
I personally think their pissed oﬀ face was a put on because…
For the ﬁrst min, they looked pissed but then it went on for 30 mins and I just sat
there watching with all it’s glory, seeing them loving it until one of the girls
turned, smiled and said..
“We need your help.”
That was the only time in my life that I was a nice guy to help. Yes, I was a pure
gentleman lads, pure gentleman who served these girls selﬂessly. Sometimes you
just got to help girls out in tough spots and so I was nice then.
But I am not in school anymore and so, my answer would be no, I won’t do
anything now for dares.
Except if there are four hot women, and they did same, came to me for the bottle
spin. Then, I just might ;)
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can you be in a sexless relationship, if everything else was
absolutely great about your partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So what you’re saying right, is I am in a relationship and very attracted to the
woman I am with, and she says.
“Does these panties make my ass smaller? and Ooh, I don’t want sex anymore..”

Not going to happen.
I love my lovers and at anytime if one of my lovers says she doesn’t want sex at
all, then the relationship will be over. They are very attractive and it would send

me fucking crazy seeing them walking about with their tight asses and even
sleeping next to my lovers.
Some may think that it’s ok if a man is poly too but even then, no because it does
come with legal implications which most might not consider the implications of
how it plays in the future.
I will never be in a relationship when there is no sex as I am high sexual and sex,
physical touching as well is my emotional language. I am very ﬂirtatious. I want
fun, upbeat, ﬂirtation, physical in my life and will always desire it so when with
my lovers.
The relationship will end and we’ll have to part ways.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys want to break up before trying to resolve a
problem with their girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be, that he already said there is a problem and when he opened up to share
what he feels, he was made to feel guilty about it, and it can be a diﬀerent
problem entierely but…it sets the example now for what might happen in the
future.
The same girls do, you know, talking about some guy, talking about crushes,
talking about things to test and see his reaction.
You think we didn’t know?
Have you ever wondered, men like women, come with a collectiveness of
experiences, that he has already gone through that and he is looking for someone
who doesn’t test but he wants that which others couldn’t give?
Of course we know but what pisses us oﬀ isn’t that girls do it.
It’s how we thought they were smart, mature to know we are same, we are looking
for someone who doesn’t isn’t testing and ﬁnd out they aren’t that smart and
mature at all as the girls they meet do the same thing.
It dissappoints a guy to see that intelligence gone to waste and it is damaging too.
It shows a guy cannot trust the girl on the most important thing like the value of
time when they are intimate and alone.
Since he saw and experienced what happens when he does share, and he saw that
he hurt the one he is with, then he realises, he is now stuck, he is walking on
eggshells, he cannot say, cannot speak and awkwardiness sets in.
Because lets get down to the reality..
Women always got a million thoughts in her mind.
It never stops. Whrrrr. Whrrrr. Whrrr.
Always evalating the guy, and doing things to see if he’s “serious,” and in doing
that, most women, don’t get, they are fucking themselves side ways. That’s wy
when a guy approaches, the ﬁrst thing that comes into her mind is..
“Is he a player? Is he serious about me? Does he like me for the body, sex or for me.”
That there never stops but it’s that which fucks it all up in the end.
And most guys don’t know that is happening but they wll know one thing that is
far more important than these silly games.

He knows how he feels.
He knows when he feels hurt.
He knows and when he feels that, the girl doesn’t realise, what she did, is only
reveal some serious issues, on whether he can now invest heavily in her in the
future.
So when a guy says how he feels, and he then feels hurt for opening up, he ﬁnds
it’s awkward, feels guilty and then he doesn’t hear from woman for a while, even
for a day, and another day, he has now received the message loud and clear, even
if the woman didn’t intend to.
He realises then, this wll be the way in future and instead of saying anything, he
moves on. It also hurts when he moves on but he doesn’t show it sometimes but
wll rage through his life due to it for a while.
No one likes to fail in anything including a relationship.
This happens a lot..especially if the girl is young, teen and hasn’t much
experience in dating, relationships, hasn’t socialises much, has only few people
she knows, hasn’t that depth or wide social circle to feed her attention seeking,
lack of social sills, maturity in what to communicate and doesn’t need to
commnicate everything but that which helps build bond, no much listening
skills……and it’s all piled onto him with addition of her hormones kicking oﬀ all
over the place.
Or the guy as well is young or older without social skils etc, or has years of
experiences many a things, and he already knows, self sabotage is in the cards
way before the woman even sees him move on. It is very dissappointing for the
experience to see that and hurtful, he moves on without even sometimes a word.
The biggest or highest on the list in keeping a guy is he knows, 100%, he can for
sure, open up, talk about how he feels, what he feels he needs, what he wants
from then woman he is with - without him feeling he’s getting punished for it or
even feels like he is, even if the girlfriend didn’t do that game.
That’s one of the biggest reason why we move on.
Because we cannot be ourselves wth the girl and so, since we can’t even say what
we want without it causing pain, tears and feel like we let who we love and care
down, well, fuck it. Might as well block, be the villain and move the fuck on.
Believe me, it fucking hurts moving on like that.
It’s one of the shit feelings for someone we love, brings out the worst in us so
much, we fuck up, block and move on without a word.
You see, girls are not the only ones with pain, wth feeling of loneliness, wih
heartache, wth problems. We got tons of them but have you ever heard us speak
of them or of how we feel something is wrong and what we need from the girl?
So when we do a few times, and we ﬁnd we get knocked back, what do you think
the beauty and attractives of the girl, her face, hair, tits, ass and pussy is going to
do?
Not a lot. That feeling is so shit,it turns attraction for her and about her so oﬀ, he
may even resent her for that betrayal because he ibvested time, he thought she
was not like the rest
So that might be one of the reasons.
Just one but it’s a very important
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy friend of mine always ask me to talk to my ex
for closure to our relationship even though we broke up 4
months ago?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s had enough hearing you talk about your ex is this, ex is that, ex is this, and ex
is that. That kind of talk is going to kill your relationships with friends and also…
with guys who are attracted to you.
It’s not trust when a guy listens to these talks, just in case girls think that talking
about that crap, is suppose to signify a guy trusts the girl, or the girl trusts the
guy. We had enough of that game in our life.
Including talks about crushes, talk about who you’re crushing on and who
checked your ass on sunday at the cincema.
And ex banged you on saturday night.
No one is interested including the guy you’re wth.
It’s called growing up.
We’re not interested in those talks as well as negativity.
If a guy also is a Gemeni, he’ll take it for a bit but then he’ll ﬂy and not give a shit,
because girls didn’t give a shit about him, talking about that when they needed to
focus on the guy and her, and the connection together.
Focus on the connection of the guy you’re with and not about whoever out in
world, and avoid bringing the world into the connection.
It breaks…the..connection.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why has it become common that everyone likes to look at
attractive girls arses?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you mean asses like this..

Or do you mean ass like this..

Or it probably ass like this..

Then it’s not common at all.
It’s always been that way.
The same way I was a teen I saw a sweet tight ass and want to fuck her ass right
there and then, is the same I see a woman wth amazing ass, and want to pound
her right there and then.
Many want to change that and make us feel guilty we are admire ﬁne tight
amazing asses and even sex, and even saying “fuck..”
None of it is common.
It’s just you see what you want to see, maybe because you like asses too, so now
you see lots of people looking at asses of attractive girls.
Or you got some cultural thing in your head and it’s become a focus thing and so
now you see wherever you go, and you think it is…common.
Once a upon a time…there was no internet.
1. So people’s heads where up their asses
2. They thought what happened in their life, happened in their time only
3. They thought what happens in this age, happened only in this age
4. Then the internet came in
5. And suddenly some people say, “how come this is commmon today and
not like it was way back then?”
6. And “how come teenagers wear revealing clothes?”
7. And “how come we see nipples now and no bra?”

8. And…how come..etc
So let me clariﬁy something..
It’s not common today.
It has always been that way.
Except way back, people were doing it subtly, like they were cockeyed, pretending
they were looking at the pavement
And well, now they still do it pretending looking at the pavement but now we got
youtube videos. Now we got instagram.
Now it is everywhere.
So now, you walk out and you think you see something new, that suddenly it has
become common.
When it hasn’t
It’s always been there.
Like me, Adam Taha.
Everywhere you go online, you see me and you’re like..
“How come it is common, Adam Taha is fucking everywhere. It’s so common these
days we ﬁnd him everywhere online!”
It’s called..
Emotional bias.
Credit. Images from Pininterest
10.9k Views · View Upvoters

Men: With what mindset do you approach and hit on incredibly
attractive women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I have a game plan
2. It’s very simple
3. She isn’t “the one.”
4. She isn’t “soul mate.”
5. She needs to show mutual attraction too
6. I am approaching to screen in or out
7. I don’t hit but engage
8. I don’t neg nor compliment. I engage
9. I am relentless
10. I am consistent
11. I am fearless
12. I am the dominant one
13. I am the high status and Equal
14. I am the one who approaches so I am the risk taker
15. Therefore I am the high social value
16. I got no shame in approaching

17. I am doing what is natural to me and life
18. So I am the courageous one
19. I got nothing to prove.
20. I don’t supplicate
21. I am not being rejected
22. She is disqualifying herself or qualifying
23. I have come to screen her in or she screens herself out
24. Fun, ﬂirtatious, and not give a fuck what Daddy or Mummy, or society
conditioned her to think like or believe.
25. Challenge her.
26. Yes or No. Ambiguity is a No.
27. Yes. Next phase. Escalate.
28. No, Moving on
That is my mindset in approaching ANY women.
Attractive or not, it stays the same. She’s no diﬀerent than any other women
because she’s attractive. There is no pedestal.
20.1k Views · View Upvoters

I have a terrible gardener, but he's a nice guy and very amusing
so I don't want to ﬁre him. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Ask him why does he do gardening?
2. Does he have other talents too?
3. If Gardening wasn’t a choice and he can do anything else, what would he
do and what does he think he may need help in?
Let the enriching conversation begin and watch how his eyes light up as you
listen. Now when he speaks don’t tell him what to do.
Instead you now got information on why he does gardening and where his heart
really is and slowly, you guide him through conversations that later come, as you
sign post him wth tools or information.
And..give him a book on gardening and also instructions on what you want in
your garden and how, in a calm, pleasant way.
And when he does it, show you love the work and how about he try this and that
too.
In other words, he may work for you, you pay him, but it doesn’t stop you being a
mentor in someone’s life.
Maybe the garden he needs to sort out and the weeds, and the seeds that need to
be sown….is within himself and the real gardener is actually…you.
It sounds like you are, the mentor and coach type.
Life has sent you someone, now pursue that journey step by step.
We are all mentors, coaches, when we love humanity for real ;)
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you ﬁnd physically attractive that others don’t?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tall women with Long thin Legs…

When I see a tall blonde woman with long legs, wearing a short dress, it’s very
attractive to me especially when wearing short skirts with high heels..

It doesn’t matter which angle, whether on side, front or you see her from the
back, her legs look shaved, smooth and glistening…

I imagine, having her legs wrapped around me as she’s sitting real close, her nose
touching my nose and giggling before the kiss..

Many of my friends don’t like dating tall women but I do and I’m not intimadated
to approach.
I ﬁnd long legs are beautiful, elegant, attractive.
Even when she has thicker thighs they look beautiful.
Credit. Images from Pininterest
9.3k Views · View Upvoters

Can ﬂirting in a blatantly sexualized way be considered
rude/disrespectful/creepy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very good question. I think I know where you’re coming from.
Anything and everyhing can be creepy to anyone who doesn’t desire you.
Anything and everything, can be creepy to anyone who is not attracted
to you.
Anything and everything, can be creepy to anyone who isn’t compatible
to you.
So the key then is this…
1. There must be mutual attraction ﬁrst.
Attraction is were the other person sees you higher or equal in social value

to them. In other words, they desire you because in surviving in their
world…you got what they so need bad and right now to help increase their
social value in their world. It is a feeling and so it is perceived value, what
they see visually which gives them a feeling of sensation.
2. In attraction, she or he, is the person who can speak your emotional
language and…has…consented to it.
For example, I know what I want in a woman and such women, won’t give a fuck
if I said to..
“I will pin you to the fucking wall and pound your ass. Now call me Master not
anything else.”
It is in initial phase where you might see it but for two people who are engaging in
it, there is,..consent.
Something happened before that sexual hardcore verablisation happened.
Now, if you are not that guy and you are not a guy who sexualises and so on, and
if you want a woman of such nature, well…you don’t need to do it. There are
woman of such nature and behaviour.
But understand something happened way before that sexual verbalisation takes
place. There was a part,a process, a step which lead to consenting from each
other, for that to happen.
I am smart enough to not talk to such women who are not into that and have
screen them out already. I go to places where woman I desire are. I project that
man in what I wear which automatically will push away any woman who doesn’t
desire such a man or behaviour.
There is then something I did , which gets the consent and when consent
happened, then it began.
Until then, you cannot go through it and start doing it.
The consent needs to be there but it’s ot how so many people think it’s done. You
know..
“Hey can I sex talk you?”
It doesn’t happen like that.
It’s non direct ﬁrst, there is behaviour, then it escalates and then you get consent,
and now it happens. There is a process for it and you need to know and part of the
process is ensuring consent is there.
The ﬁrst step though is attraction needs to be mutual.
No guessing. No hints.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Toby Thomas

What does a woman wear that attracts a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Revealing of naked shoulders..

It was early morning. I just got out of the hospital due to a doctor giving me the
wrong medicine, which sent my heart pounding with speed, spiralling my
emotions while with devastating consequences in burning relationship with a
woman in another country, to loss of money too and investments, bringing out

the beast in me as I hammered with words on my keyword, blocking her from
from everything.
And making some crazy decisions which by the way, also showed me who to trust
more as though who didn’t apply what I said kept my money, and later deposited
it back to my account.
AND who REALLY loves me.
I learnt these two lessons in which the ones who know your nature, the ones who
do trust you and not testing you out, the ones who really know how consistent
you are will know, something is terribly wrong.
There’s good people in world after all! I am going to pay these folks 10 times fold
for honouring my trust in them and lovers who kept looking for me, I now know,
who really loves me for real. They knew, this wasn’t my nature and they were
right. Everything went ape shit even when I was trying to get it together on here,
no one really knew. who really didn’t know my nature.
Doctors in hospital said I was lucky but I have to watch it now for a while, and
that doctor is on disciplinary action, whatever that fucking means.
I was worried mostly for my cat Felix.

I wondered if he got fed right and he hasn’t got into any ﬁght with the foxs that
come near my garden at night.
I felt heavy, I can still feel the slight pain on side of my head, near my temples,
and it exhuasted me emotional.
My senses are still high, my heart paced ok but still faster than before and what’s
worse, is a bridge has been burnt, money, some assets here and there, and I know,
it will haunt me for a long time.
No one ‘s heart is that big so I knew, that bridge and others is gone.
As I sat on the bench outside, I hear the sound.
I turn and I see a woman who has walked out of the hospiital.
What caught my eyes isn’t her blonde hair, or her long legs which I found very
attractive but her baggy ﬂowing jumper revealed her naked shoulders…

I found it romantic, sexy, and a Gemeni man, is attracted to a woman who reveals
her naked shouldes.
I love kissing shoulders :)
It was alluring.
Most of all, the clothes she wore were basic and yet she was radiate, sexy, held her
own with a conﬁdent posture and her eyes conﬁdently gazing. She had this hour
glass waiste which I also love but it all started with her naked shoulders that
beckoned me like a siren.
She walks over and sits beside me..
Her - I saw you come in, you was like a mad man
Me - You should see me in bed ;)
Her - Haha. I didn’t expect that haha.
Her - I have a feeling. Are you Gemeni? (she notices my wrist chains with little
dangling symbols of Gemeni Twins and Pisces and guessed which one)
Me - Yes.
Her - You can tell
Me - My sexual predatory instinct is that obvious ;)
Her - No. It’s you say what you want without fear with a Taurus feel.
Her - Quality most don’t have
Me - Oh, they do. They’re just..
Her - Scared?
Me - Cautious :)
Me - Are you waiting for anyone inside? (seeing if she’s with a guy)

Her - Oh no, went to see my sister. I’m done.
Me - Good. Come on then
Her - Where?
Me - There’s a cafe down round that serves amazing cheese cake
Her - I don’t like cheese cake
Me - I didn’t ask if you did
Her - Hahaha, you’re so cheeky
I got up, I felt dizzy, my cente is fucked up, my eyes water still and she gets up,
arms around my waiste and arm.
I take a deep breath, turn to look at her, she smiles with her deep brown eyes, and
we walk to the cafe as she keeps talking…
Her - But I hate cheese cake you know
Her - I remember when my mum made some and…
She never stopped talking all the way to the cafe but I didn’t mind, even as an
introvert. It made me forget the memories of what was and what is gone, to what
won’t be for a while.
I wondered, if I can hack being with an extrovert too long because she can’t stop
talking.

So yes, naked shoulders but sometimes I wonder, if it was me who attracted her or
she seduced me.
But that’s the best part when it..clicks.
No exhuasting games. Just human.

46.6k Views · View Upvoters

Can attractive guys have a crush on average/below average
girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes when people remove the fairytale, the societal conditioning that brings only
heartache and pain, and begin to really learn and know what attraction is.
Far too many think attraction is about love, deep connection, how to value
someone as a human being etc.
Though I agree these are wonderful to be that way, and necessary but…it is not
attraction and not needed in the begining.
Therefore, it ill prepares anyone who believes it that’s attraction.
It’s not pretty, it’s not puﬀy clouds, it’s not some fantasy most love to believe it is,
but with this understanding you can still feel but also…you can connect for real
wth the person to leave teh fucking games alone which is all about stimulus and
not about connecting.
Moment that understanding is there, the social mask is removed making it easier
to now establish the fundamentals, the pillar, the resources, the right behaviour,
everything has a….structure.

Cupids do not ﬂy in sky throwing arrows.
Stars do dictate love or who connects.
God does not plant someone in front of people.
Heavens don’t give a shit.
As the laws are already there. Learn them, you’ll beneﬁt. Avoid learning them
then it’s our fucking problem for not learning the knowledge.
So let’s look at attraction…
Attraction = that the person sees your social value is greater or equal to theirs.
Hence, it is perceived value.
In my book the SWAG FACTOR, the language of attraction, I write…
Why do you spend so much money to go and do a degree in a certain
university or college?
Why do guys who play football want to be in the winning team?
Why do parents want their son/daughter accepted in then prestigous
schools, college and university.
Why do many skilled people want to work for big well known companies
like Apple?
Why do the young girl want a sugar daddy and not some broke ass, who
is still in school and broke?
Why does the average looking girl desire a hot looking guy?
The primary function of the brain is to survive.
It is to detect on what will help it survive in this world and it is connected to our
biology as well. It also consistently looking to detect danger.
In under 3 seconds the person has judged, labelled and categorised on how you
wll beneﬁt them in regards to their word by your..appearances.
Yes, ﬁrst impression counts but it is all assumptions.
That is why when a guy approaches a girl, she is judgmental but if the guy has
high social value than her, she will let go of these and open her fucking legs and
ride his dick and all she so says about “creepy” with other guys isn’t creepy
anymore.
And then women and men want to bullshit me on this.
Therefore, you cannot blame any man who thinks pussy, ass, sex, beauty
in asesthetic as the social value he desires. That’s what he wants to
survive…FEEL good about himself.
Nor can any man label a woman slut, whore, too easy if she sees social
value for her is a hot looking man witha 10 inch dick, and has lots of
friends.
Nor can anyone say about a woman she is a gold digger because she is
looking for money, wealth to survive. The only part of gold digger is the
blatant dishonesty that she is looking for it but if she is upfront with it,
then fair enough, ﬁnd a man who will and be of mutual beneﬁt. Nothing
wrong with it but what is, is hiding that intent.
So what is the guy/guy’s looking for in regard ti social value which will make the
guy/guy’s feel excited, safer, happy, aroused, fulﬁlled?

1. Is it health and he sees a woman who has average looks but she looks ﬁt,
dressed amazingly well, and looked after her body?
2. Is it ﬁnancial, money, wealth? Average girl can be too.
3. Is it popularity she got? Average girl can be popular too.
4. Is it that he is fed up empty connections, has been hurt and desires to
feel someone really desires him, will not change him, not ﬁx him, so he
can still be free dating other girls?
5. Is it sex, where she is of average looks but he knows, she can satisfy all
his kinky pleasures and he can do what he can never imagine to do with
other girls?
6. Is it control where she is submissive, to such al evel, she let him have full
control to dominante in all the ways in bed and out in world, which
makes him feel amazing, wanted, loved, and most of all free to pleasure
in all ways he has always desired?
7. Is it the admiration and support of his goals, dreams, talents?
Where he feels alone, where he one time shared or many times to lovers,
but none really encouraged, supported his talents, or at least made him
feel they are taking far more interest than anyone he knows about his
talent?
Hence, she must know what she wants in a guy, the type of guy, and know where
such guy’s are and then create the perceived value and behave as such.
There lies the probem for girls and guys.
They do not know how to dress that perceived value and do not go out enough
and do enough, and approach enough, socialise enough, mingle enough, in the
right places where such targeted audience are.
Most think it just happens, ﬂying cupids in the air, and it is all mysterious, and it
happens by magic and fairy dust.
Yes, you need a game plan because it doesn’t just…happens.
If people stopped calling me a player and bad boy and fucking realised what I just
shared, they’d now realise..
“Holy fuck! I can learn a shit deal from this guy and create a plan of strategy to
build myself up from inside, get that perceived value soryed and absolute value
in my life, and I am onto a fucking winner!”
Yeah, people are that slow to realise.
Why do girls go for the bad boy most of time? Yes, exciuting and all that but there
is a HUGE other reason.
Because they can learn a great deal miore from them regarding this. It’s
specialised knowledge and skill.
But people go out guessing, thining it..just..happens and it must be because they
are ugly.
No, it is UGLINESS in then lack of resoruces and the ballsy behaviour, yhat’s
what’s ugly. When that is removed you have..
Sexual Appeal!
The power house, the king, queen of attraction.
Can you imagine, when you learn the fundamentals, the structure, the process of
chemistry, of attraction, and orher components in sustaining it, how it can even

skyrocket your life in career, in jobs, in business, in attracting clients who got
money and in really whatever you want to achieve?
That’s why the Bad Boy’s are very good at business, making moneuy because they
use the same to get lots of pussy in the same way..
When social value is established, in which he sees that visually and in her
behavour, then he can be attracted to her.
Then, and only then, he will see personality, and other qualities.
First comes visual, whether in ﬁgure, beauty, behaviour, clothes or
demonstration on how she deals with other people, or status.
The begining is survival mode = atttraction and all gravitate to what is social
value status to them.
It is visual and it triggers emotions, feelings.
It is then…perceived value, the assumption of people around you or that
guy about you and not about absolute value.
Here then is the beauty of it all..
A man can change what is social value to him through a pace of time due to
experiences he has with other women, life and so forth.
Maybe he was into hot sexy looking girls but due to experiences and he grown to
some age, he wants more.
Maybe he wants both and he seeks that.
Even young guys, who are hot good looking gain lessons in life and realise, they
want a diﬀerent kind of feeling, a diﬀerent kind of social value, a safer, a more
reliable, a more consistent, a more loving, a more giving.
Many a times, as a man grows from youth to adulthood, he acquires experiences,
lessons in which as time goes by, he becomes calmer, he realises many more
lessons, he wants something else and she maybe of average looks but he desires
deeper such as empathy, a woman he can open up to share his pain, to say what
he wants in her or what he isn’t getting from her without her hurting him feeling
he has to walk on eggshells or feel punished.
He sees she has sexual conﬁdence and sexual experiences and even domination,
or submissive or both, or maybe something else.
Even a man in his 30sm 40s, 50s can also make mistakes.
He evolves and again, he learns and he sees he needs to be stronger in other areas
as each woman who he meets he may fuck up in, but he begins to see far more of
himself, on what to change in himself as he realises what is far more important.
Sadly, if she is young immature unforgiving, or older and immature and
unforgiving, and she cannot see the man has evolved and only sees her script and
her pain… she will not get this man who has realised a massive important lesson.
And so he takes that lesson for another woman he meets, and who beneﬁts from
his experiences, his deeper loving sense, and his far more understanding now of
what he really wants and how to communicate, two to watch his emotions etc.
Though she may not know of past experiences of who he was and to what has
made this man who he is…one thing is for sure…she wants him.
He has teh social value higher or eqyal to hers, and she wants him and no
distance, no fuckoing past experiences she had with some guys who
dissappointed her or she dissappinted herself, will be an obstacle to have this
man in her life.

That’s why men of experience value a woman who brings out the best in him, as
most can bring out the worst in him.
That’s why when he fucksups, and woman still empathises and he ﬁnds he gets
stronger with her, and he realises, this is the ultimate feeling he desires and most
of all the connection, then he’s found smeone he can be humself with, which is
the highest social value to what most men wll look for.
Doubt he can get that from younger women due to many who see fantasy, and
still into this mystery of soul mate, or ﬁlled with anger at the world, and who have
this notion how love isn’t suppose to hurt, falter, fuck up.
So yes, she can if she is average looking but it depends on how she demonstrates
that social value and how she projects it out into the world.
If she doesn’t know how and if her resources is small, then of course, she won’t
get much of guys approaching her, because she is swimming in a tiny pond than
an ocean of those types of guys.
Which brings us to a point…
If a woman cannot atract one man out of thousands to billions, it is not that she is
UGLY or average.
That is the same with guys who keep going on about their looks and every
hangup I’ve read so far in their questions.
It is because she has yet to understand what attraction is and hasn’t yet
developed the understanding of herself, as she has low self esteem, which
reinforces the script she has to hide, to beahve in a certain way which conﬁuses
all types opf men.
She also has low resources as she does not engage the world often enough, in an
appealing manner that attracts.
If a girl wants to attract the “attractive guy,” then she needs to where there plenty
of them and has already got the perceived value, the social value such guys look
for.
Not all these guys will say yes but she will have a higher chance of getting a yes by
following this process.
Hence, the word I use about such girls..
Unapproachable
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are things everyone thinks about but doesn't admit to?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“What an ass.”
“Squats”
“You think?”
“Yeah, squats builds asses like that.”

“I am going to be alone!”
“You are always alone!”
“Oh yeah.”
“I’ll be ﬁne then.”

“ Do you think she loves me?”
“Nop.”
“But I sent her some ice cream!”
“No, you sent her the wrong ﬂavour ice cream!”
“Shit.”

“Ok look. You there?”
“Who you talking to?”
“God”
“Oh?”
“Where?”
“Up there.”
“Do you think he exist?”
“Mate, I don’t know if we are real.”
“Oh yeah! What if we are all in the imagination of a baby!”
“Holy shit mate! That be a wicked movie!”
“It’s been done.”
“Ok what about if..”
“He’s not listening.”
“Damn it. Let’s get a dirink,”

“Does he still love me?”

“ Does she still love me?”

“Does he/she thinks of me?”

“I want to fuck her right now

“I want to eat his dick right now, and..”

“I feel like crying. I feel shit today but I got to keep smiling until it’s 6pm”

“I wonder if the one who got away will bump into me one day”

“I am going to die. I AM GOING TO DIE ONE DAY!”

“What’s the point?”

“I’m tired of love.”

“I’m tired of people not getting me.”

“Life sometimes sucks.”

“Adam Taha is fucking awesome” <<< not everyone but you read it…so there!
24.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you ﬁnd beautiful that most people do not?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Flirting in a sexualised, conﬁdent, hardcore, blatant, on your face, way.
Oh yes.
Imagine it like you are in a country and only speak this language, and so you go
and speak this language to women in that country.
And it drives you crazy!
One looks at you weird. Other is already seeing you as the predator, Another sees
you as player, Aothher is like “Oh I don’t know how to do this,” and others are
giving you all kinds of morality speech (roll eyes)
So only you speak this language and though most don’t like it, you’re keep going
to ﬁnd the “most” women who ﬁnd it beautiful.
Then one day, a woman is face to face with you, or online, and she says.
“Hey Gemeni! You sexy beast!”
“Holy shit! You speak my language?!”
“Oh yaah baby, I speak it like you do.”
“Do you now.
“Yeah, I’ll turn you so good, you’ll have a hard on for a week.”
“But I got one right now, want to fuck in the car?”
“Yes and I want you to also..”
And suddenly, you ﬁnd someone you connect with and it is like heaven.
I seriously mean it, it is like the woman knows you real well, your traite your
personality, what turns you on, what turns you oﬀ, why you ﬂy, why you come
back, and what makes you say.
it’s like art.
Master piece when she moves, ﬂows with the words, challenges you and there is
nothing, completely nothing, you can say or show, that will embarrass her or for
er to judge you
“Yeah baby, I want you to fuck me in ass, so deep, and..”
And you just captivated and at same time, you’re dreaming, and wondering, is
this for real? Or did you just step into twilight zone and it’s a trick?
Is some gang of women going to jump on you wioth baseball bats or is this for
real?
Then you feel a kiss and bite on your lowe lip as she luaghs..
It’s real alright.

“So Gemeni…”~
“Yes?”
“I was thinking…me..and you…”
And she knows where to stroke, where to touch, how much, how hard, how soft
and…what words to say to make your body sing.
Most people don’t ﬁnd it beautiful sexualisation, texting, hardcore, even being
kinky while walking, talking on phone and ﬂowing with it face to face.
But for me, it’s my emotional language and when it happens, it’s beautiful. For
me it’s soothing, it’s fun, it’s magical and it’s so sexy and hot.
For me, ﬂowers, and all that isn’t romantic.
But this, oh yes, this to me is heart pounding, body tingling, romantic.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I create a business out of doing something I love/like?
Adam Taha, I observe people's actions more than what they say
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I went through a process and it’s not easy only because the work I am doing is a
combinate of writing, art, that solve problem in the industry for it is
dating/relationships/sex.
I’m at the moment getting the designing of website done as well as the products
but…before I did that..
1. I wrote down my talents/skills
2. I focused on a niche I really passionate about, love doing.
3. It has to solve a problem and I was already in that part of area where I
knew the problems but still, it wasn’t enough.
4. Began to do my market research on what’s out there as competitors, their
products, and even bought some to see.
5. I also did research of the market niche, is it big enough for me to make
proﬁts. Though I want to do what I love, and I don’t want to be ruled by
money, power, I also want to ensure to do things right, and make it
succesful too. I just didn’t want to do it for the wrong reasons, like money
but rather making world a better place with my talents/skills.
6. I found there is a market niche, it’s big enough, what their needs are,
wants, fears, and what they didn’t like about other products they bought,
what they wanted more of and so on.
7. But I needed to have a unique way in which I can be ahead of
competitors and stand out from rest. I ﬁgured out what that is. It would
take lot more work but…when done, it be diﬀcult for anyone to copy if
they tried. They’d have a good go but it be ver diﬃcult.
8. The number 7 helped me with a concept idea but it was still in it’s early
stages. Something was missing in the strategy and concept.
9. Now I needed expertise skills because building a website needed a
diﬀerent kind of knowledge but how do I do that? I did that for example
here….
I shared knowledge which solved many problems regarding the niche I
am focusing on. This brought interest of people who wanted knowledge I
got and so we exchanged, like muual beneﬁt. I give knowledge, coaching
about what I know, they share expertise skills in building the website I
design I am working.

10. As I did that here…I also did in other places and began to see a clear
pattern, in what problem the targeted audience really wanted to solve
BUT ALSO…I can exchange my knowlede, specialised skills, make ton of
connections who will in return…help me build certain things.
11. I was able to even generate income, witout a website while testing my
knowledge, like I was gathering intel, doing research but in real world.
12. Because of number 11, I discover more detail which reﬁnes my
information on the need of my targeted potential clients, their desires,
their worries, their hopes, how I can help them, what is more valable to
them and what isn’t, and on what format etc.
13. I again….without a website and using social media not facebook but
knowledge based platforms like forums and quora, shared knowledge,
attracted interest again and reﬁned again my details regarding the
tarrted audience needs.
14. Now I wanted to test something. I put money into it, and another
connection created me a landing page, four of them, and I moved
targeted traﬃc to see more of what is really working and found the one
problem mostly every targeted potentail clients needed to solve while
building a list I also reﬁned what other problems they needed. Now I
know what to lead with as the ﬁrst product.
15. Number 10 got me to now see how I can create a chain of brand products
from my talents and skills, So valuable producrs for $25.97 to products
for $97. and products for $395 and products for $450 , and so on. Like
where you buy a basic product that solves a problem and now you want
to solver a bigger problem and then maybe you want tools for it too and
so on. I began to see how I can evolve my talents and skills in a creative
way to other kinds of products.
16. I decide I will lead with a pilot product and this product when launched,
will help to gather more information, customer testimonails but
testimonials that are not wishy washy but real deal, mentioning what
problem clients faced, what doubts they had, what happened as a result
using the product and if they would recommmend, if not why.
17. As I did these steps…..the missing piece of my strategy and concept,
came together for all the business. A brand story as well that is real,
authentic and connects.
18. I also know what content to create for the website.
19. Througout the process, I had to learn a diﬀerent specialised skills such as
marketing, strategy, branding, creating marketing plan, skills in
knowing how to connect with experts and build relationships to work
together, video production, producing content as books, magazine…
20. I also mentored talents to take their talents, skills to become online
businesses from ground up up, from zero to big income. It was easier
with them as they already had the web developing skills to build
everything to what I tested for them.
For example, this is one of the business..
Which took his own talent and skills, and he turned it into business with
providing mentorship to him.
Now that I got the knowledge, specialised skill, know how, and what obstacles to
overcome from real life experiences in helping other talents…I am putting it all
together…for my tallents and skills.

Yes, it was a bit of a long process but…it gave me a lot of insight, took me out of
the comfort zone, see how it really works for other businesses. It’s already
attracting clients and I haven’t got the website up, so the demand is there.
Hope that helps to give you an idea of a process someone else went through. I am
now on the ﬁnal phase which is the longest part but worth it.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date someone less educated than you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I would. I am open minded in understanding..
1. Compatibility isn’t about less educated
2. It isn’t about income level
3. It’s isn’t about culture or religion
4. It isn’t about age, young or older. Of course legal age consent.
That’s what my parents believed and community I came from but I wanted to
evolve further than what they saw, what they experienced, beyond the societal
conditioning and this upholding of some image to ﬁt in and be accepted by
people.
Much of the our decisions is so based on how others see us and never really about
our happiness, our feelings, our desire to feel that connection in which you can’t
get from all these.
I wanted to experience far more emotions, feelings, a connection in which
surpasses all these.
That’s why I always look at compatibility…
It’s an attitude, a process in which lovers agree to work towards this process
together, to achieve whatever they each desire, towards a common goal, whatever
they agree it to be.
If a person relies on the education, on the looks, on the age, on so forth, well,
these are out of one’s control. Things can happen, one will grow ill, older and so
forth.
But when you have compatibility, even in the emotional language you speak with
each other ﬂows naturally, then there is this feeling, this spark, this ﬁre, that can
surpass all that.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do older men ﬁnd 18 year old girls attractive?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guess how old she is…

Her name is Courteny Sttodden and in this photo she is…16 years old. She got
married to an actor called Dough Huchison.
50 year old when they got married.
It’s very common for older men to date younger women who are 18 years old and
over. They will need to have something like status, or the look, or wealth, or
assets, or lots of sexual experience, or something else of value these young
women desire in their life.
Most older men will ﬁnd young women of such age attractive. It’s not rare to see
older men dating younger women.
You’ll also see examples here of older women dating younger men.
Adam Taha's answer to Why are older men attracted to 16–18 year old girls?
What's your opinion?
48.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't men read romance novels?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they are shit and written like we’re fucking children, and they write in a
way that they cannot even mention:
1. Pussy
2. Her ass
3. Fucking
4. Eating her pussy
5. Pinned her to wall and spread her ass checks to eat her out from behind,
as she screamed “OMG, just fuck me now, I’m so wet!”
6. “And I said she’s a slut, a whore, my naughty little girl” and with that, she
crawled to me, like a siren…”Yes Daddy, I’m whatever you want me to be.
I’ve been so bad, Mmm.”
Instead, we get this..
“And he looked into her eyes, as she craved for him even more, as he caressed her
plumbs and thrusts his manhood into her sex,”

WTF is that?
We have to face people making us feel guilty about sex, our desires and we read
that shit, which is saying..
“Oh sorry, we have to dumb it down for you..”
That’s why I don’t read them.
I am still looking for some, yes, still, that is written in a way that isn’t dumbed
down, and if someone can lead me to some, I’ll read them.
I do’t give a damn anyone thinks I am a pussy, whatever, I would read them but
for pete sake, none of this..
“And he thrusts his member into her sex.”
I will be very dissappointed if someone leads me to books that write like that. I
want raw, no censorship, but real and raw.
14.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my ex bf texts me and says I’m special
and still wants to see me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That depends on your psychology as you can see people’s psychology right here,
in how they see it.
If for an example an ex sent me a message and said..
“I miss you. I miss what we had. I am sorry, let’s work it out. I see you special. I see
you baby. I get what you mean now..”
My psychology will be..
“She’s fucking awesome. Look at how she even shows empathy when I fucked up, she
still loves me, and still sees me that way. I want her in my life.”
While the world saw dark in him, she saw light. That is what it means when man
says “she brings out the best in me.”
While he had pride, she didn’t and suddenly his pride calms down to every
growing love and respect for her.
He feels he grows with her rather than feeling emptiness.
In other words, she is his centre.
Out there in world, you can’t be open to women but she is not just a woman but
your lover, who wants to know how he feel, what aches the man, without him
feeling guilty about opening up.
It’s not new. Many me go through this delima.
But that’s me and that is how….a man…becomes a better man with a woman he’s
in love with. Most talk about empathy, love, compasssion, how the world is, but
really, in their own back yard, they cannot even show it and so what’s point
talking about the world.
Not easy to show love in hard times but it’s easy whe it’s in fun time, easy time,
when all is going so right, when there is no mess, no fuckups, nothing but like a
Cinderalla, Prince Charming story.
But real life is no Cinderalla, Sleeping Beauty and Prince Charming story.
Sometimes, it is the hurt and pain, and coming together that makes it real and

grows.
So what is your Psychology?
If you look at many of my answers, I talk about the Psychological script.
Is it the Cinderalla?
Is it the Sleeping beauty?
Is it this grandoise mystical, guided by the stars in sky, in which they cannot help
anyone to answer and so people use Quora and other means.
You can be running a script that he is the villian, the enemy, the gender on ther
side, “those men,” and “we women suﬀered more than me,” and many do have
these scripts long before they ever met the men they date.
You can be running a script that it’s suppose to go wrong and guys mess around,
so you can’t trust this guy or that guy, which reinforces your beaviour to always
communicate with mistrust, games, and man will know it, he will feel it and
when he does, well, he will feel empty.
You can be running a script in which you are a gamer, to prod the man to say
things, so you can self sabotage.
I met many women like that and see men do the same. The younger they are, the
more they are prone to be in their bubble, where all problems they can see is
theirs, and have yet ventured into the big wide world, learning of other interest,
other topics, than what they are comfortable with to realise, life is complex,
people are complex, it’s not so easy as..
“Yeah, he came because he hasn’t got anyoe..”
Really?
How about many other reasons like..
He misses you
He remembers those memories.
He remembers the way you made him feel
He feels lonely and learnt what he had with you was real
Sure, maybe something totally opposite but how can anyone really ever know? No
one here even knows this guy and you don’t because you are asking us the
question and not him.
The Psychological script, which has been decided long before you meet a guy.
How often do I see it played when women talk to me, ready to self sabotage and
how easy now to identify who has really matured, and is sincere.
How do you know then, those who answer are of that script?
Their perception, their reality, their own pain, their own experiences, then good,
the bad, the ugly, the memories, their expanded perception is now answering you
from their world, what then?
So most have already decided for relationships to not work, that it is the distance,
that it is age, oh how father, mummy, sister, neighbours will ﬁnd out.
The script which blocked the guy on Facebook and suddenly he cannot believe
the words of a woman because how can she say he means so much to her,
everuthing and yet…doesn’t trust him with a Facebook?

It takes a person to actually seek the name, with action to click, with intent to
block to them cry, why man blocked woman.
Did you know, well, I realised this a while back, that even if a man is honest in
what he wants, for eample, me, and I sauy to a woman I want to fuck her ass,
pound her and I write tons of anshwers here…that they still question, what I want
when we do communicate?
Crazy, isn’t it.
So a man can be direct, honest to a woman, and she as a woman has a milion
thoughs, and can even hook up, attach, somet8hing happened an hour ago to a
conversation or a man approaching and fuck it up.
It wasn’t the event that happened just then but ampliﬁed it is by the script.
So even if man was honest with you, you’d not believe him.
Why would you?
Because of the script and so relationships today, most of time is vague, it is
mistrusting, it lacks openess and man aches, man wonders why in all that he is
direct, still the woman fucks up with just seeing him for where he is in life and
why so suspicous of what he wants?
So even when a person is honest, open book, it won’t matter as we autoamatically
judge anyway.
What is your script?
You can be running a script that you are a damsel in distress and he comes to save
you, and then hurt you.
You can be running script where deep down you don’t feel beautiful so you use
men for emotional stimulus, and as time gets closer, self sabotage with stories of
crushes, ex, this and that and when man questions, or doesn’t want to talk about
it….”oh he doesn’t trust.”
You can be running a script that he is a manpulator and he just wants you for
your ass and pussy, because he can’t get any at the moment.
Like there isn’t any women walking about these days on planet earth.
You can be running a script that all guys want you for your body, sex and nothing
else but that.
You can be running a script, that he’s like all the rest of guys you dated. Bad boys
and all bad boys are bad, not good in relationship blah blah, which by the way
isn’t true. Many I know have a healthy relationship and come to an
udnerstanding that even their love gives them condomns, and pushes them out
the door and says..
“See you tomorrow then baby, fuck her hard baby.”
So how do you see yourself?
If you don’t think you are special, then you’re not special.
One thing is for sure, no one here is innocent and has never let down anyone
down or broke someone’s heart and is an angel.
We all have and in doing so, we’d hoped that the other person love was greater
than we imagined, to ﬁnd it wasn’t.
I remember, I broke up with one of my lovers.

This was years ago. I was the one fucked up. No, I didn’t cheat or anything like
that. I’m Gemeni, so when I am down, I am very down in emotions. When I am
up, I am high.
That means, when the other person is down or silent, I read into things which
blows it up sky high.
I feel like I am down, deep in an abyss of pain, turmoil, and that is why I desire
women to be upbeat, fun, sexual as I don’t want to be in that void,
So I thought, “well, I fucked up. Nothing I can do now.”
Two months later, I get a message and you know what it said?
“I know you. I know you well. I know deep inside you got a big heart and you ARE
sensitive,and I didn’t know until then. You can be yourself with me. Call me, I sill
love you..”
We have beem lovers for 10 years and I have other lovers, and from that day I
came back, well, we learnt so much from that, it now brought calmness, and all
that craziness of infatuation gone but now replaced with calmness.
That calmness is what we call…..love.
Those who cannot pass that stage, well, don’t reach that calmness.
I personally, hate the infatuation stage. I hate it because always comes with most
women already in their head, seeing the villian.
It’s already in their head, the lack of trust, the predictions it will go ape shit, the
script of self sabotage and so I know, when I see it, I feel it, see the patern and I
realise..
“Ok. I know what’s going on. I’ll make it easier for her. I’ll be that villian. Block,
Move on..”
Now they got their story to tell their friends and make their world predictable. It’s
ﬁne. I’m used to that.
As Bad Boys we meet many women like that and we know they already got a
script in their head and like you and everyone to believe they are angels,
innocent, and didn’t know what was going.
But there are times, when it goes past infatuation, there isn’t doubt, suspicioun.
There is instead thecalmness, and no games, you don’t feel emptiness, an aching
feeling due to someone manipulating, and you feel that click, communication so
easy with the person.
If you don’t have that then it is noise, panic, person is irritional, there is no
honesty in the conversation, held back, subtle, hidden, and you can feel the other
person doesn’t trust you and you think..
“WTF is happening here? Why is this person acting like this? Why are they telling
me all this? Why are they voilating the boundaries when they know what they are
and did their research on me? Why can’t they show their feelings to me in my
language? Why is it so hard to show aﬀection and just be consistent like I have been?
Why?”
When there is calmness…
You know, you can feel this person wants to give you all and is doing it, and you
really feel it. It’s calm, it’s not aching you, it doesn’t feel you’re drowning, it
doesn’t feel they are holding back and you’re not in doubt.
It doesn’t feel they lack trust in you.

Even their sexuality isn’t hidden but glorious ﬂow to make you feel amazing. It
doesn’t feel like they are judging you silently and like they don’t really trust you,
and holding secrets but rather revealing them.
It’s not a tease, it’s not a game, it’s very open.
It’s calm…it’s called..love. It’s gone beyond storm, confusion, doubt, uncertainty
of infatuation.
So what is your script, that story in your head?
Do you see yourself, “Damn right I’m special. Of course I am.”
Or the judge, “Oh it’s because he hasn’t got anyone else yet and ran out of girls.”
Or the victim, “He hurt me, and and it is all his fault everythnig went shit and he
will do it again.”
The pretender, “I don’t love him anymore but I miss the experiences what we had..”
It all depends on your psychology, your experiences, how you see people, how
you see life, how you see yourself, and how maybe a previous experience changed
your whole being to now see things diﬀerent because most people can change
like the wind from an experience -where if one thing happens, they don’t believe
in stars, god, universe, love and don’t believe earth is round.
They are still growing, don’t know who they are, and that doesn’t mean if you
don’t believe in god, you don’t know who you are. I am saying, people will
experience something..,.and make that one thing, deﬁne everything
So how do you see yourself?
What matters is where you are in life and what do you want because what it
means, no one here has a clue, because no one knows that guy and no one will
ever know.
No one here is innocent.
Remember that.
No one here is has some clean slate and who hasn’t let someone down, hasn’t
fucked up with someone, no one hasn’t walked away, blocked someone. They can
say they haven’t but they know, they done that in their life.
None of us are perfect and those who look for that perfection get hurt the most
and never forgive, and probably haven’t really learnt to love.
Some people do meet again and some people don’t.
Some ex do meet again even when fuck ups happen and they have grown, learnt
and it gets better. They are even more in love that before.
Some meet again and it goes ape shit all over again because one of them or both
have yet not grown. It’s still not honest, open and lack of transparency.
What really matters is how do you see yourself, where you are in life right now
and what do you want to experience?
People do miss those who were in their life.
People do remember the good times and want to feel it again with that same
person.
Peiple sometimes hope they wish they could start again with that person.
People do regret.

None of us know what this guy feels or wants, and why.
The only thing I know is this…
What do you want in your life right now?
Whatever it is, I hope it works out for you but in all things I have learnt, and some
added new experiences…
Life is ﬁlled with fuck ups.
We hope, someone, is big enough, strong enough, loving enough to tell us..
“It’s ok. It will be alright. We all fuck up. Let’s start again.”
In reality, not a lot of people have hearts like this.
Those that do, well, I hope the one they let back in, cherishes the giving and loves
them as much as they are loved.
Nothing matters much in life except…the memories you create. Everything will
go. Can you create these memorues with him?
That is for you to decide and also for him too.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What's the most attractive thing about women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Her conﬁdence and you see it in her smile
2. Her certainty in which doesnt’ doubt herself or her feelings for you
shines through her eyes like stars dancing in the dark sky.
3. He positive attitude….makes you feel that even if you’re in this dark
world, she doesn’t remind you of it’s darkness, but of the good that’s in it
for what is true kindness but she who respects your mind, and respects it
by showering positivity.
4. Her attention all on you that you feel you’re a god amongst men and you
cannot help but to give back 100 folds.
5. Her heart that when you fuck up, no matter what, she will rip those
fucking walls down, and ﬁnd you, say the words that penetrate your
heart to know “shit she does love me, holy fuck.”
She will teach you what love is even when at the coldest time and darkest
hours of doubt.
Know, any woman who says..
“I love him no more,” loved infatuation not the man. The image not the
man. The fantasy not the man.
Same goes for man who says the same.
If you’re feelings are true then they are not reversed, nor forgotten nor
claim that “I love him/her no more,,” fore then all was but a fabrication
and love for the image.
6. Her compassion and empathy… that you can open up to her and say how
you feel, and she will listen, she will empathise to such you never need to
apologise for sharing your feelings to her but feel, you can do so again

and again with joy, freedom that you ﬁnally found someone where you
can truly now be yourself and open on any pain you feel or emptiness.
7. He high self esteem in which you maybe high sexual, talk sexual and she
will challenge you with sexual talk, and not hide, or be intimidated, or
feel inhibited for she has waited for such a man with fucking balls to
speak what he wants, when he wants and how he wants and for her to do
the same with him.
She knows as she goes out in world, that what you made her feel is rare
and such knowledge and experience, is going to be diﬃcult to ﬁne, and
that conﬁdence in man today, is like looking for a pearl in an ocean of
tar.
8. Her mindset in which she isn’t in a bubble but knows you’re interest
matters too, and she expands her mind to learn more than what she is
into, and learns and speaks in your emotional language fast.
Doing so will come natural to her as she loves you, and she will talks in
your emotional language because her love is not words but action, and
she knows giving in that way gives you certainty beyond measure. That
this is what love is. She ﬁnds incredible pleasure to do so because she
desires her man to see she is diﬀerent than the rest.
9. She is consistent in showing her aﬀection, her desires, and isn’t subtle
but direct in sharing them with fun, conﬁdence and love.
It starts with a smile and then ﬂows from the eyes, then the words that connects
like an ocean that is true to it’s nature rather than a mirror that shape shifts like
the clouds.
Clouds vapourate and fade into uncertain direction like a woman without a
compass. Therefore, she does not bring doubt to you but certainty.
You know when rain shall falls, when sun breaks through the curtains, when
snow ﬂakes dance on her naked shoulders and kisses your brow.
You know when the winter and blizzards come and why the breeze echoes
through the acient forest.
You know because she brings certainty and certainty is attractive.
It starts with..a..smile and it captures you with her eyes, and her words fall like
pearls plucked from the stars above.
Sweet her words are, which ﬁll you up, they roar like thunder to penetrate your
heart with lightning with hope not despair. They make body sing and your senses
light up with abundance of joy.
What’s most attractive about a woman?
When she brings to you…certainty.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Would men stay with a woman who literally cannot give head?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the man.
Personally, as long I can give her head, eating her pussy, as I love eating pussy of a
woman and pleasuring her. So if she is not into giving me head, well no problem,
we got tons of creative ways to enjoy pleasuring each other and one of them is
eating her out.

As long I love her, and she feels same way, and as long there is compatibility in
other areas that are very important to me, then I don’t give damn about whether
she can’t give head.
As long we are still having sex and she doesn’t suddenly don’t want sex anymore,
then that’s a diﬀerent story altogether.
There won’t be a relationship when there is no sex for me.
Love isn’t enough.
8.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to move on from someone who you really
love?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way I do it..
1. Block them on everything. I do have my email open but I doubt they’d
ever email anyway. Most are into their image and what it looks like to
them and those around them. Probably already done damage talking to
friends to want to get back to you.
2. I don’t look back ever as everytime I move on, I know 100% why I walked
away and I don’t forget. But I do forgive and I can reconcile but only
when I feel the person sees what what I felt. Most of time if at all, they
don’t. People at times before they met you already decided who the hero
and who the villian is going to be.
There has been occassion where an ex did message me by creating new
account and all, and apologised sincerely and deeply, and acknowledged
from her own why she did and didn’t realise. Not once did she ever speak
bad about me. She truly loved me even when I screwed up here and
there. You can tell who really loves you in that way than anything else.
That for me earned her a lot of respect and love from me to start again
but it is rare people admit as one cannot sometimes see their blind spots.
It’s rare.
3. Block and delete from mobile phone.
4. Avoid lookig at their social media page.
5. Avoid at all cost in contacting.
6. Focus on going out making new connections, friends, and live your life.
7. Focus on building your own future.
It doesn’t mean I don’t love the person.
I’m not some immature person to evern say that.
I don’t deny and say I don’t love someone, even when I moved on. Even years
later. My feelings l I felt have always been real and I don’t love easily. I hardly
open up to a woman so when I do it’s big.
I will still love the person and it’s just I moved on.
Those who say “Oh I don’t love the person anymore,” never really loved the
person. I doubt they even know what the word even means.
They only loved the infatuation, the experience, the idea, the feeding of emotions
not the person they suppose to fall in love with.

I hope whoever I love and walked away from and moved on from, the best for
their life. I love them and I still love them. I’m not going to be asshole about it
saying I don’t love them anymore.
A piece of them is always going to be inside of me. I’ll always cheris the good I
experienced with the person and love them from a far.
15.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I have two girls to choose from?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know what you should do but I know what I would do, and I did this two
weeks again and still seeing them,
I’d date both and even suggest threesome.
That’s exactly what I did.
I met two girls, one in night club and other I met at my friends party for coworker who was leaving to another company. She was the girl leaving the
company.
What I did from day oneIS behaved as I always do, as a lover, who likes multiple
lovers.
She later asked and I said yes it is true, I have no problem nor see it as a taboo to
sleep and fuck two women at same time or three or four, if the women are
sexually conﬁdent same as me, etc etc.
I saw her lick her lips and we began talking, about it.
I got her number and began texting.
In the same week I meet another at a night club and same thing, ﬂirting, and even
making a game on what woman she will fuck, who she’d marry and who she’d
murder hahaha.
We had fun with it as she did same with me, regarding guys. I’m not gay but we
were jus playing, having fun. That way she saw I had no problems about sex and
kinks sex.
We went outside, talked and again, sowed the seeds about threesome, as we
talked about things sexual and in a fun way.
Got her number and started texting her.
It didn’t take long to get both on ﬁre, pussy dripping wet that I suggested to both
of them about threesome in the horizon.
Both agreed and we met later, and they met for the ﬁrst time.
Threesome kicked oﬀ.
Not only that, they are dating each other and me as well. so we got ourselves an
amazing relationship rocking.
So my answer - both!
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do today's teens wear inappropriate clothes?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1920…the original Victoria Secret…

1920

If you look at history of sex and modesty, and how it was in Roman times, and
further, you’ll see the bastards behind the corruption in societally conditioning
society for nothing more than social control.
It was like a witch hunt and you’re falling into that category yourself. People
fearing losing control and try to socially control others by humiliating them
regarding the bullshit called “modesty.”
You’ll be surprised to ﬁnd out nakedness was not shame, nor sex was ever seen as
wrong, dirty and people weren’t guilty about it.
If you seriously go past what we are taught and dig in, you’ll see modesty,
religion, and a whole of other socially constructs engineering aspect in society is
lead by state and capitalism.
Greed. Power. Control.
Our world is ruled by Narcissists. By Psychos and they are so detached from our
lives, every and each scum of a politician, to those who create these rules that
they themselves do not follow and do huge tax evasion while we the people, have
to follow their fucking rules on modesty.
Even in business these bastard scums interfere and call it “moral,” and use Gun
control as an excuse to again, force us, and tell us they know better on when we
want to fuck, who to fuck, how many to fuck, what to wear, what to eat, what we
can aﬀord and on top, pay for their bullshit wars.
And you are doing the same as them, being pulled by a string, thinking it’s your
moral obligation to point and judge someone for what they wear, no matter how
old they are.
People don’t educate themselves and live in a bubble but if we do we will ﬁnd
much of what believe is but a perception. An image.

We will learn modesty isn’t about clothes but about avoidance of danger of
weather and jealousy from other women, and also danger from men. Modesty
today is socially engineered to socially control.
What we got is false modesty, socially constructed modesty..

It has it’s good but it’s bad is people think they know shit and start judging others
with their own ignorance and perception.
Modesty originally had nothing to do with sex or function of body, or nakedness
but avoidance of weather, of nature, of jealousy.
That is social conditioning.
Take a look at another country and you’ll see the conditioning there is diﬀerent,
and they won’t see it as inappropriate…

In Asia as an example, parents marry their daughters to older men in 40’s
because they know their daughters will get stability than from some young guy
who still want to experience life with diﬀerent girls.
In the west, older men and women, date younger, they are frowned upon. Most
even use the word Pedophilia label for older men dating a 18 year old.
It’s ridiculous.
The laws is there and the law states what age of consent is but people still do not
mind their own business because they fear their own way’s, own values and own
culture, and fear someone will take their daughter, man/woman.
Again, it is all about control. Fear based. Ego.
That is because of societal conditioning and if we look in these diﬀerent
countries we see diﬀerent type of rules, social norms, belief system when many

do not want to but they fear for their own life, their own ﬁnancial stability and
how they survive in the world they are in.
Not all, some are OK about wearing whatever but some don’t but have no option
to even live in the way they want to.
In other countries this is what they wear..

And so, if for example you was born in such culture and community, and your
daughter was wearing the same clothes as one of my lover wears…like this..

Not only she will get harmed by the same community but you also will ﬁnd
yourself in a middle of a witch hunt. Women themselves will throw insults at her
and she will fear for her life.
You and all your family will be isolated, judged, pointed at, gossiped about and
you probably lose your job too and tons of so called “friends.”
At least in some countries they are not as fucked up as most are where people can
be themselves, wear what they want without someone thinking like politicians,
like most people, that they know better.

Banks today are interfering in the same way under “morality.”
We are getting to see the bigger picture as time goes by that most of these made
up rules are designed to control us, the people in every aspect of our lives, while
the power who make the rules break every damn rule such as Banks…
Politicians..etc.
Why should someone else suﬀer someone else’s guilt, shame about their own
body, own sexuality, insecurities and low self esteem?
1950s

1970s

Inappropriate is only a perception.
Nothing else and nothing more.

146.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is being a nice person totally unbeneﬁcial for you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is of no beneﬁt for me..
1. To be nice to get pussy
2. To be nice to pound a woman’s ass
3. To be nice to impress
4. To be nice by not having an opinion when I disagree because fear of
losing the woman and sex, or money or anything really.
5. To be nice to supplicate
6. To be nice to not say to a woman, “fuck oﬀ you bitch,” when she pisses
me oﬀ.
7. To be nice to not cut oﬀ any girl who doesn’t give me what I desire and
speaks my emotional language. I am always direct in what I desire and to
even engage with knowing this and switch oﬀ attraction gets back
nothing but harsh reality that love is not enough. I block without a word
and move on. Nice won’t do it.
8. To be nice because I feel guilty of making money and so I don’t charge,
because I so want to be accepted
9. To be nice to hide my sexuality to be approved and accepted.
10. To be nice to do things I don’t want to do but do them to kiss someone’s
ass
11. To be nice opening door to show I am nice to impress some women, but
be helpful because I like to be. It’s my nature.
12. To be nice, to write in way for what people want to hear like some
branding machine, and instead write with a voice that is what I feel and
comes from deep within.
So it is not beneﬁcial to be nice if the above is what you mean.
I do things, like saying hi, smile at people, being helpful because it makes me feel
good and not because I want anything.
I don’t need to be nice to get pussy, ass, money, votes, likes, shares, etc.
It’s ok being pleasant, happy, with positive, helpful to your fellow man and
woman. There is nothing wrong with it.
But do it because it is your nature, it is who you are, it is not for anything such as
wanting someone’s ass, pussy, dick, and all what some do it for.
It’s also ok to be a jerk or a bitch sometimes to people who take you for granted.
You have the permission to be a jerk/bitch if people do that ;)
19.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it disrespectful for a girl to talk about guys to another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If girl talking about how guy’s check her out, how someone checking her out
online with unsolicited emails, messages or images, then it’s just attention
seeking for me and insecurity.

If it’s bad mouthing gender about men, again, she is showing her psychological
issues and tells me, maybe I best stay away from her, because she will also begin
manipulating about sex too.
You’re with a guy, and human nature, people are interested in themselves and
negativity is emotional draining.I don’t give a shit about the thinking world is
bad, helps you prepare for bad in world. It’s bullshit and an excuse to frame the
future conversations and manipulative.
If she hasn’t got a life, she’ll be talking about guys and bad mouthing men, and
lots of negativity about world, life blah blah.
She hasn’t lived.
Now if she talks about sexual experience, on what she likes, what she wants to
experience, or positive meaningful conversation that’s upbeat, fun, positive, and
it’s a two way conversation, then great.
But personally, I ﬁnd only teen girls and immature needy women talk about guys,
and who is checking them our or bad mouthing genders, and manipulating and
framing sexuality to frame future relationship to dictate.
Women who are attracive to me, conﬁdent, got high self esteem and with sexual
conﬁdence for me personally, won’t do that.
If she hasn’t anything to say best not say anything at all and go and live ﬁrst. I see
it as a red ﬂag and I’d stay away from her as a guy.
But that’s me. I have boundaries.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ﬂirt over text message?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can one ﬂirt better over text messages?

From a guy who dates women…
You need to focus on arousing her, so she is lustful over you, desiring and in
doing that….she realises she can open up with you.
Exampe when I do ﬁrst time conversation with text…
Adam Taha's answer to How do I ﬂirt over text message?
Notice I am conﬁdent, fun, got wit and I am not some pleaser. I don’t supplicate
to girls. Either they get on with it or I move on.
I go right in there and focus on the goal…
So you’re goal is to create sexual tention for her to be aroused, heart pounding,
head swirling, imagination ﬂying high, pussy dripping, excited and want to
experience all the feeling and what imagines with you to happen with….you.
so you cannot play safe. It needs to be fun, ﬂirtatious and if for example, a girl’s
head is up her ass, got some pre-judgement, sexual insecurities, whatever, then it
did it’s just. I found out and I screen her out to move to next girl until I ﬁnd a girl
who is compatible, fun and gets it and we ﬂow, to meet…
7k Views · View Upvoters

There is a man I really like who lives in another street, but how
do I approach him? Do I knock on his door? I'm not sure how to
talk to him. He's not always out.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dress up. Bring him nothing and don’t mind most women who still live in dark
ages and fear rejection.
When you see him, walk over to him, and instead of asking him out, seduce. Give
time to see you, your vibe, be light hearted, fun, ﬂirt, and when you converse, use
physical touch conversation.
Now you got his attention.
You can leave it there as you’ll see him again because he lives nearby but you
know how life is. He could meet someone 5 mins later or a day later, or a week.
You never know.
So how about…take it further by saying you enjoyed talking to him and you’re
really curious to ﬁnd out more about him as you enjoyed his company…since he
lives nearby…how about this week, go for a quick drink.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Has anyone been rejected by someone and later that person
came chasing after you? How did you respond?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it was a year ago.
But they sincerely apologised, and said that at ﬁrst she didn’t uderstand why I
moved on, blocked her everywhere after that but I said, if she wasn’t showing
interest and also speaking my language, which is sexual, and looking down on it I
really saw it that I got the better deal of her walking away, anyway.
I’m Gemeni Personality and well, if girls know what that means, they’d
understand, if a girl does rejects or doesn’t stop being all princess, and doesn’t get
on with speaking my language, I won’t be waiting around.
Or if a girl doesn’t ﬂirt hardcore, sexualise, and we’re in relationship then… don’t
expect me to just stand there speaking her language and she don’t meet half way.
’m going to get frustrated very fast, block and move on.
Here is Gemeni
How To Seduce Gemini Man
She later read a lot about my personality, about Gemeni.
She created a new facebook account and email account to get in touch. She did
her homework really well on me, unlike most women.
It’s really simple. I’m Gemeni, born child like, fun, rebel, ﬂirtatious, sexual, sexy,
and I am repulsed by negativity, and get switched of by subtle ﬂirting. It’s that
simple. I’m sexual, creative, want fun, not routine, seriousness and negativity.
It took her about 6 months for her to contact me.
After some apologies, and she showed sincerity, I let it go and she learnt a lot
from this experience that helped her in the real one.
Imagine, knowing how to conect with someone’s emotional language opens so
many opportunities. She realised there was some lesson there, learnt it and came
back mature, and ﬂexible and..experimental when it came to conversation and
sex.
So we were back to dating and later relationship.
It’s in the past now.

We all make misakes but if someone apologises, and I see it in behaviour that is
consistent, I do let it go and sorted. I was actually ﬂattered when she came back
with all that information about my personality and…communicating and
behaving in my language.
I balanced it out by also being ﬂexible to her emotional language too.
It’s when the person doesn’t apologise or they behave in a way that they haven’t
learnt a damn thing, then I don’t bother with them.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says "You'll get bored with me."?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - you’ll get bored of me
Me - I’m already bored of you. You broke the record. Took 1 min.

When someone does that kind of game, they are manipulating a result, either
way, whether it is for more attention or self sabotaging, or not interested…it’s best
to walk away from people who talk like that.
They are emotionally draining anyway.
10.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should a guy prefer a bad girl or a nice girl? Bad girls are more
exciting but are they faithful?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

None.
I go for compatibility.
What do I mean by compatibility?
1. Sexually conﬁdent
2. High self esteem
3. Positive mindset towards sex
4. Comfortable in her body and skin
5. Very Submissive
6. Loves a Dominant man
7. Our kinks, are aligned with each other
8. Flirtatuous
9. Loves to experiment
10. Plus - bisexual. Loves to eat pussy and threesome with other girls.
11. Has passion for life
12. Positive attitude towards life
13. Leader and blazes her own path
Bad Girl to me, means sexually conﬁdent, positve mindset, less psychological and
biological baggage, high self esteem, and has a positive outlook and attitude
towards herself and life.

That is what Bad means and not the “BAD” promoted by mainstream and the
societal programming..
I’ll take compatibility and for the record…
As for Bad boy label, we use “bad boy” to take the mick out of people who call us
bad boys and the bad girls use that word, to also take mick out of people who call
them bad girls.
It’s us making fun out of mainstream and social conditioning that gets people to
label us with that.
Thanks to that - it’s free marketing, movies, books, and all the google, keywords,
articles, contents, on bad boys and bad girls.
So anyone doing that the you’re doing a great job for us in attracting what we
want eﬀortlessly. We will use these words to our advantage and we have done so.
Keep up the good job ;)
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a nice girl. Why can't I meet a nice guy and fall in love?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Aug 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hello nice girl.
This must be your day for amazing nuggets to answer your question. I hope you
don’t want bullshit but to cut through the bullshit..
Awesome. Let’s get down to it…
Nice is boring. Nice, everyone got or say they’ve got it.
Nice is where girls behave subtle, packed with insecurities and behave
unapproachable.
Nice say they are all for humantarian and will even say that. They are all
image and all about reputation and image, and what other people think
of them. Such things then is a cover to show case they are whatever but
really they are not and don’t od much or any humantarian work.
Nice is low in sexual conﬁdence, and in fact, if Nice was let in my life and
any guy’s life, our hard on, our sexual drive would die gradually because
Nice brings in psychological damage which eﬀects our biology in such a
way you won’t believe
Nice thinks they have fallen in love with someone but when it doesn’t
work out, they will say, they are not in love anymore, because the person
fucked up, but they do miss the experiences they had with then person.
Therefore, Nice fell for infatuation only, the image of that person and
didn’t really love the person. That is all they are interested in and fear of
losing…the image they create and try to uphold to their relatives, friends,
social media.
I love and even when I moved on, I don’t love a person anymore, even
when I am not with them anymore….because my feelings for them is real
real and I fell in love with the person not the image, the emotions and
feelings. I will then always love that person, their heart, even though it
crashed into a million pieces, I don’t deny that fact because I didn’t love
the image. I loved her.
The person. I know more of this person than they know of me, and if I
asked to tell me about me, such people will ﬁnd it diﬃcult because they

loved the infatuation not me. If they are honest, really look deep within
they will see that when they say they loved someone.
Nice, has no stamina and lacks experience that if a guy was interested,
Nice will be so infatuated that when that infatuation is gone, Nice will
also go, and that’s when Nice starts doing many stupid things to self
sabotage the connection, the relationship, and becomes emotionally
draining, which is what Nice always brings
Nice, comes from an environment of abandonment, hunger for
validaton, hungry for attention, hungry to such a level that when Nice
gets attention, it cannot get enough of it and will do more damage to
ensure Nice keeps getting it. Probably born and grew up in a family of
abuse, never got much attention, from parents if one parent who is
Narcissist and sees everyone lower than them because they are Nice
while everyone who gets some are not.
Nice sees other people who are well oﬀ, who get what they want, whether
job, work, car, money, wealth and they get upset, angry, on how these
people can get things so easy while they work their butt of for few dollars
an hour rather than smiling, a human being is happy, is getting what
they want. Jealousy is Nice side you don’t see till you’re in a relationship
with them and living with them, or dating them face to face to see them
get possessive.
Nice is 99% time negative, always fretting on what is going wrong, what
is not going right and how the world is so bad
Nice lacks social skills and I don’t mean the social skills most people talk
abiout but social skills in regards to the approach and language of
attraction to the type of guy you want to attract. To how to arouse a man,
keep his attention and ﬁnd a man who loves Nice, suddenly runs away,
hides, ﬂies due to the toxic feeling the man feels inside his stomach.
Nice confuses, evades, secretive about feelings, insecure to
communicate them and always subtle to such it confuses the man to feel
he is loved even whe words of love is said, it seems half hearted, it seems
unbalanced and it lacks behaviour that creates sensations in him which
he begins to realise he cannot get from Nice.
Nice is only cares about their topic, their interest, their life and really
seldom ever learns about the other person’s interest, explores other
person’s interest and deeply connect with the other person because they
are too busy doing to seek attention and talking about their life.
Nice doesn’t know how to take their physical look and appearances to be
attractive and appealing to reveal the value that the other seeks.
Nice always hides the grandioise fantasies, the inner secrets of desires
she/her desires and it is hard, diﬃcult to ﬂirt, sexualise, have fun that is
not serious to engage with Nice.
Most drift from one guy to another because Nice won’t open up, ﬁnds it diﬃcult
to open up emotionally and sexually, when it comes to dating and relationships.
They will for most part of their life be alone and if in a relationship to self
sabotage it with their lack of openess and showing vulnerability.
Nice…doesn’t trust who they say they love but always a million thoughts roam
the mind of Nice, and each conversation is like a test, a push, a nudge for
stimulus rather than building a sexy, hot, emotional, deep connection.
Nice isn’t exciting.
Nice is always in doubt.

Nice brings uncertainty and always speakes with..
“If…you don’t come.”
“If we do meet.”
“If..If..If..”
Nice isn’t stable emotionally and so when Nice even gets what Nice wants, Nice
doesn’t know how to treasure it, keep it but self sabotage it.
Nice always wears many masks and never shows the true face..

Nice, is where I’d walk up to a girl and she has her head up her ass,
believing in fairytale, cinderalla stories, sleeping beauty, that her pussy,
sex, makes her so special and if she gives sex a day after or 3 days, or one
week later, that the relationship means something and she is special.
Nice uses manipulation a lot because Nice has no value, has no status
and Nice knows this very well and instead of revealing value that the
other person wants, Nice manipulates to control rather than seduce.
Nice does a lot of attention seeking, lies, drama, and all seeking approval
about some achievements rather than focusing on to connecting with
the man, to arouse and capture the heart of the person.
Nice has no clue how to attract, build on attraction and seduce.
Nice thinks love will save the day and that if a guy loves her so much, he
will always be there.
Nice is always in doubt, uncertain and so Nice plays all kinds of games to
create noise for attention, rather bringing positive feelings, and vibe that
is fun, exciting and arouses the other person.
Nice doesn’t listen but rather talks..talks..talks. So Nice always ignores or
purposely avoids the needs, wants and desires of the other person. It’s all
about them.
Nice has so many kinky, sexual desires inside, locked and will never
experience any of them because of guilt, shame regarding all that is
natural and gift to us called SEX. Nice rather wear a mask to ﬁt and be
acceped and leave these fantasies locked, pretending they don’t exist.
Always battling with ﬁtting in to want to experience but never
experiencing much.
Nice is in a Bubble and hasn’t really lived life.
Nice won’t know what they have lost until that person goes to ﬁnd
themselves missing the experiences they had with that person and then
rationalise, they don’t love that person.
Nice will say they love someone, that someone completes them, that
someone has changed their life, that someone is everyting, but moment
that someone ﬂies, blockes, moves on, never shall you see Nice pursue to
break all the walls down to contact and speak, and show they really do
love that person and they want to learn what went wrong and if they can
start again because Nice…is full of…pride.
Nice then, fell in love with infatuation not the person.
Nice avoids hearing when the other person is saying..
“Look, I don’t feel you are giving me what I want. I feel emptiness with you.”
Nice will reply with apology but then behaves like a victim, always
manipulating, always coming from angle of insecurities rather seeing
the person is being open and adapt but Nice is stubborn.

Nice is insecure. Nice is too afraid to be vulnerable in that way.
Nice is hyper-sensitive.
Nice is haughty when criticisms are being shared.
Nice does not like pain, truth, and so Nice always hides in the shade of
doubt, uncertainty and we’ll see why as we read on…
Nice might as well sit at home and make babies because that is all Nice
really thinks life is all about then complains how Nice gave so much to
someone, and now someone left and they have nothing.
Nice is always blaming someone else for their own doing, and doesn’t
question that their previous relationship came to the same awkward
conclusion and that maybe, they are the problem, so change.
Nice never looks inside to see they are doing it to themselves.
Nice will talk about what can go wrong, and what if parents think this,
and friends think this, and what if this goes bad, and on and on, and on,
and everytime, the agreement that is made is now derailed to make them
feel secure and comfortable.
And even afrer the other person is willing to do so, they forget it is a huge
investment and they do not give back balanced value to then wonder
why they person blocks and moves on, even after the person said they
loved them so much.
Nice is everywhere.
Everyone is trying to show they are nice.
Everyone is truing to show they are saving the world.
Everyone is trying to show they are battling racism.
Everywhere is nice.
Girl sends a message and ﬁrst it’s compliment, being nice, and I know she will
want something, like asking a question.
Girl being nice means fuck all to me.
Bad means alot more to me.

Bad appears and says.
“Hey Bad Boy, I see you. I know your emotional language. I dig it. I am the same as
you and feel same way, and see the world as same as you. You got what I want. Your
dick. I got sweet pussy and ass. I can fall in love with you and I’m sure you can with
me. Let’s beneﬁt each other and leave all the fairytale behind and bullshit games
people play!”
And if I am attracted to the girl I’d say…
“You’re on. Here’s my number, let’s talk”
If not, I’ll say, not interested.
Bad is clear, direct, authentic no matter what anyone says how Bad is so bad, and
so on.
Nice in the other hand is all hints, subtle meanings and a whole line of bullshit
that the person might as well be a monkey.

I mean we got speech and yet some people cannot say and ask for what they want
without behaving like monkeys without signs and hints.
Nice, is where it has this self entitled label, where Nice believes, because they are
nice…EVERYONE ELSE is lower than them.
Nice never admits their fault.
Nice cannot understand why they get blocked without a word. It must be the
other person fault but if Nice seen what they were texting, talking about they’d
see and they’d grow and they’d want to start all over again.
Nice will make the same mistake over and over again, never changing, learning,
growing until Nice looks back and realises..
“SHIT. That’s the person who got away and it was me who really fucked up!”
Nice?
They are not nice people at all.
I know a bad boys and bad girls who does more for people than most people who
talk about saving the world, more than most girls and guys I know who talk shit
about the world, about peace, war, and humanity.
All they ever do is talk..talk..and post videos online, on facebook, instagram and
do nothing but that.
All they ever speak about is negativity about their life, their situation, their world
and who the hell wants to be part of their life if that’s Nice?
Nice doesn’t lift a damn ﬁnger to help their own community but you see bad
doing a whole heap of things 10 people cannot do and…those bad boy’s and bad
girl’s don’t even say..
“I’m nice.”
Nice…lives in fear, got a psychological problem, brought up to believe,
NICE is the way to get attention, approval, acceptance. So Nice is always
passive. Nice is always dishonest about their feelings
Nice is unathentic.
Nice hides their desires and intent.
Nice is ashamed of sex, their body, uncomfortable with their skin, guilty
and ashamed of sex to the core.
Nice sees a big world and doesn’t even go and meet that world, engage
that world because Nice believes, being Nice is enough and should be the
magnet to attract whoever they want.
Nice acts big in front of weak people and behaves like coward in front of
strong people. They wear many masks like a Covert Narcissist who
pretends to be nice, pretends to like people, pretends to want to help but
really everything is to seek admiration, attention, control.
Pretends to love and you can see they don’t love at all because when you
talk and share about your world, not a squeak but they all about
themselves, attention seeking in every text, every phone call, every step.
I am not saying Nice is Narcissitic.
But if we look at some of it, the thinking, the behaviour, it’s similar to Covert
Narcissists except Nice has empathy, kindness, compassion, wants to help people
but it’s misplaced.

Nice thinks they are superior than others, seeing others as sluts, whores, too easy,
jerks, assholes and believes those who have lovers is due to being an asshole, jerk,
bad boy, sluts, whores, too easy but…they never see the rest of the traites but just
that.
But you know what Bad is?
It is sexual appeal…

Bad doesn’t walk up to a girl or a guy and says…
“Hey, I’m Nice” or even “I’m a bad.”
1. Bad attracts by ﬁrst grabbing someone’s attention visually
2. Then keeps the person’s attention with behaviour
3. And builds attraction with language of attraction
Bad knows it is about real status which is behaviour in all aspects, from
what to wear, how to walk the talk than waiting for things to happen.
Bad can walk in a room and everyone knows Bad is here.
Bad can write, can speak, can text, can talk, walk, dress, and appear and everyone
will be 100% certain..
“This is Bad..”

Bad walks up to a girl and talks, communciates, ﬂirts, takes action and knows
nothing is given to Bad on a plate, nor does he/she believes they are entitled.

Bad…respects themselves.
Bad says what they want.
Bad is never ashamed of sex, their body, their skin, their goals, what they want
and how they get what they want.
Bad always goes for what it wants with whatever Bad has.
Bad doesn’t wait for the right time, moment and when everything is perfect. They
do it now, this moment until Bad gets what Bad wants.
Bad never asks “why, when, what.”
They ask how and do it.

Bad puts an action plan and goes for it and keeps learning, doing until Bad gets
better at getting what Bad wants.
Bad masters the langugage of attraction and doesn’t makes assumptions, or
guesses and nor falls for the norms and fallacies with dating.
Bad is smart, cunning, brave and it needs no gang but Bad attracts many who
desire to be with Bad and also have many observers desiring bad to fall so much,
and Bad knows it so.

Bad can have the whole world against them and they will laugh and they will
know, 100% that no matter what happens, who ever leaves them, whoever leave
behind or back, and whateber anyone says - BAD…knows that life is full of
abundance.
Bad knows the world is theirs to do as they please and get what they want.
Bad can get young women and older, and it doesn’t apologise for whaever bad
desires.

Bad is creative, savvy in many social seduction skills, pure guts, committed to not
“why” but “how” because Bad knows why Nice just cannot stomache the real
reason why Nice is where Nice is in life.
Nice…always whines.
Nice always bitches.
Nice always asks why and not how in their own mind.
Nice doesn’t seeks specialised knowledge and skill and applies.
Nice seeks the shiny, the easiests, the path of no conﬂict.
Nice always waits for life, guys, girls to come to them.
Nice complains on how they have no friends but Bad knows, Nice doesn’t have
the vision to build many connections.
Bad knows, that Nice see connections as burdensome, hassle, too much work and
fear of being exposed for the real face that hides behind then Mask Nice wears.
Bad knows what Bad is.
Nice is confused about their own identity.
Bad doesn’t mimic but blazes own path.
Nice mimicks everyone around them to ﬁt in, to be accepted and to gain approval
of their social peers.
Bad…knows, it is a skill.

Bad knows it is knowledge.
Bad knows it is all about perceived value.
Bad knows it’s about status.
Bad understand that it’s never has been or will be about Bad or Good, or
Nice.

Bad knows, it is all about…
1. Perceived value = status
2. Knowing attraction isn’t about nice but the value.
3. It is the value the other person wants in their life
4. And knowing how to demonstrate this value
5. In appearances
6. In behaviour
7. In verbal communication
8. And action in the real world rather than in their fantasy that replays in
the mind of Nice.
That’s why…
I’ll always go for, date, fall in love and be in relationship with a bad girl..

Bad Girl’s knows how to demonstrate the value I want, knows what I want, shows
what I want and isn’t insecure about speaking/showing it either.
I know she will face conﬂict when the world sends their barking beasts and stand
by my side as I stand by her side.
She will ﬁnd me in the other side of the world and will no fear to get out of her
comfort zone to be meet me and experience life.
I will know a Bad Girl from a mile oﬀ.
Easy to see her value but not so with a Nice Girl who behaves like she’s in a Covert
Operation, all secretive and subtle, and hidding in her own shadow of fears.
Together, with my go getting attitude and Bad Girl’s attitude, world is ours.
All Hail to Bad!
Credit - Images from Pinterest
8.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girl I asked out block me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know why…

“Sadly my connexion went down for 3 weeks . I hadn't read that message (her
response to me asking het out)untill my connexion went back .I found out she
blocked me.”
3 weeks.
One of the challenges in dating to always take care of is logistics. Logistics is
where you are with this person and improving ﬂow of meetup, communication to
lessen hiccups.
If then logistics like what you faced are not resolved fast then it is seen you’re not
a good problem solver and…it reﬂects bad on you as it reveals the expectations of
future in the girl’s mind.
It reﬂects “how he will treat me later on.”
If you look at the context whether it is..
1. You just met and got contact but waited 3 weeks. This can be resolved
with by getting someone’s phone, or internet cafe and send a quick
message.
2. If you there was some conﬂict when texting with someone, and two days
go by and you didn’t text after they did, then it is seen as silent treatment
no matter what. And I’d see it too and I’d block.
You’re logistic challenge is number 1.
I would take it as an experience to make sure in future if such a thing happens
you got something in place to ensure ﬂow of communciation.
Attraction can fade very fast and at that point, people are not forgiving, there is
no deep emotional investment.
Even if there is, if the context let’s say is number 2, then a person can block and
move on. I would as well on number 1, and 2 to move on, because no matter what
reason a person has…I don’t feel good abiut what’s happened. Attraction is about
feelings but also value.
If the person makes someone feels shit, their value drops and the expectations of
the future and it’s window is very small.
I’m not going to the person make me feel like that again.
This is what she decided as well.
In fact, it is the right of the person to do whatever, whether bloicking without a
word, whether severing relationship even if he or she was in love with the person,
because no one is entitled.
That is the right of the person no matter of what moral ground people like to say
is right or wrong.
That is her right.
She decided it wasn’t good enough and moved on.
That is why in say, if you’re poor at handling logistics, like time, challenges, and
not commnication fast enough, especially at these moments of events, then
attraction will die out.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lorenzo Aditi

Why don't guys message the girl they like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why most girls don’t message the guy they like.
Look in the mirror and you’ll see the answer.
Fear of rejection.
Second, not all guys will text any girl.
There has to be context as I’m not some guy to supply some girl attention for their
ego. So I will ﬁrst ﬁnd out if we have mutual attraction before even taking her
number.
That way I know she’s not some entitled, time wasting, attention seeking
Narcissist, too sensitive, head up her ass, insecure about sex and her body, lacks
personality in which all you hear is negativity on life and men, and isn’t following
some delusional fantasy on how dating is all about being a princess and sleeping
beauty movie.
No one likes negative, vomiting ﬂowing talks especially when it comes to texting
and takes things too seriously, and isn’t much fun but rather reminds of wha you
don’t want to know.
After all, I’m Gemeni which wll reveal this..
1. Gemini Flirting Style - Communicative & Obvious
2. Gemini Jealousy
3. Is Gemini Manipulative? – Gemini Manipulation Potential
4. How to Make a Gemini Man Fall in Love
5. The Gemini Man - Astrology Club
6. Gemini In Love - Astrology Club
For all girls who suppose to believe in such stuﬀ, they are the ﬁrst to ignore the
important imformation in those links, which reveals to me, they don’t give a shit
about the guy but themselves.
They know who they are.
They knew I am Gemeni.
They read tons of my work on here and other places and still, fuck up. Then
wonder why I don’t text or block, without a word and move on.
So we don’t text just any girl. We screen in or out and even when we do text, if we
ﬁnd down the line girl is acting all up, she’s blocked.
If I ﬁnd she all is well in interaction of ﬁrst initial communication…then I’ll text.
Liking a girl is not enough. There has to be mutual attraction and it has to be
revealed in the ﬁrst interaction one has with each other.
If there isn’t evidence of mutual attraction and guy isn’t seeing much reasons
than just liking a girl, then most guys won’t bother texting. There’s too much risk
in facing rejection.
11.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy is proud and egoistic, watched his girl walk away,
blocks her oﬀ everything after and once called her "the best",
will he ever miss her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men do miss the one’s they love but love is not enough. Even if a man misses the
woman, it’s still not enough.
Most women say they love their man, he is the heavens and earth, but
guaranteed, the reason a man walks away, is due to him not getting what he
desired and hoped for, so all the “heavens and earth,” is bullshit. That shows love
isn’t enough or shall we say “words.”
Man walked away for a reason, and most of the time it is about what he is not
getting and so he has the right to walk away, no matter what world says or what
the girl says.
End of the day, there’s two side to the story.
Nevertheless, a guy will still care and love the woman he moved on from but like I
said to one woman, if you wanted to do something, wanted to reassure, wanted to
make right, it was when you had the man, not when he walked away and blocked.
Sure he’ll miss her but he’s blocked and moved on.
Then was the time, when he was with the woman, if she wanted to do anything,
that was the time.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you choose a girl with a brain and attitude, or one who is
just beautiful?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why do I need to choose either to play into your tricks the way norms bullshit us
like we got no choice?
I don’t feel ashamed or guilty choosing beauty because I know there are beautiful
women who have brains and attitude.
It’s like you’re saying beautiful girls don’t have a brain and attitude, which
personally is like women who are insecure themselves, calling other women sluts,
whores, too easy.
Maybe others fall for that but I know where that thought process comes from.
I can choose all three. Brain, attitude and beauty because there are plenty of
women who have all three.
I don’t need to choose one over the other.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a beautiful woman want to tattoo all over her body
and make it ugly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Many reasons but let us assume some.
A woman who isn’t available to put on a pedestal for someone else’s fantasies to
project it all on her.
If as you see it, a skin, her body is a representation of the woman you saw and she
has made a decision to have that skin inked in, she probably telling herself these
following words….
This is my body
This is my life

This is my choice
I will live with the choices I make
This is my standard of attractiveness
This is what beauty is to me
It is not anyone else’s standard but my own and I don’t need anyone’s
approval or care what anyone else thinks is attractive.
In other words, I say what beauty is to me and no one else.

That is her path, her journey, her story, her sky and her ground.
So anyone else’s opinion doesn’t come into the equation of what they think is
attractive or not.
And that’s the point - it’s her life and what matters is what is important to her and
not someone else.
Someone else will see her beautiful.
She isn’t that concerned about anyone who else who judges on whether she is
beautiful or ugly.

I am attracted to women who have tattoos and who are very sexually conﬁdent to
experiement and explore. I ﬁnd them exciting, fun, intelligent, incredibly bright
and most of all, they are so not following the crowd, and get me more than most
women ever do.
So I do get attracted to women who have tattoos and always wanted to know the
story behind the creative work on their body. Some stories have deep meaning
withn layers of stories.
Personally, ugly for me is someone looking at someone and trying to project their
own ideals and values which deﬁnes them not the person they are looking at.

Most of all, it only takes asking then person about their tattoo and they’d
probably have an amazing conversation.
There might be a history to it.
A story,
A meaning.
But we will never know, because if all we are doing is nit picking on what is
beautiful and what isn’t, rather than getting to know someone, then we will never
know the person.
All we see is our own perception, insecurities, ideals, values and our own reality.
What we see deﬁnes us far more than it deﬁnes who we are looking at.

We can be busy looking at perceived value rather than absolute value.
And absolute value is locked inside of the person and only shared to someone
who gives time to respect that person’s decisions, gets to know the person and
nurtures the connection.

Of course, it is all assumptions on why she has tattoos all over her body.
That’s an answer we won’t know because who else knows except her. Therefore,
there is no point asking everyone else who don’t even know her. All we will say
will come from our own reality not her reality.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does a guy feel when he looks at a girl adjusting her dress?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I wonder who won at football today
2. What if I add another shift and make more money, I’d get that car
3. I wonder if (her name) down at the Salon shop has a boyfriend
4. She’s got alright ass but she’s more bothered about her dress than
anything else
5. I wonder if she shaves her pussy, and if it’s smooth to eat
6. Meh, probably got a boyfriend and she’s all “ooh I don’t do sex until 3rd
date,” bullshit

7. What if aliens landed here right now, and took us, would the world give a
shit?
8. I bet she’s wearing nothing underneath that dress
9. Ah fuck it, I see a girl looking at me. This one is too busy with her dress
240 Views · View Upvoters

How do I impress a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you impress a guy?

Which guy?
There are many diferent types of guys.
You can’t for example do to a Bad Boy what you would do masses of guys you
meet because you’ll bore us to shit with your ways.
For Bad Boys, you need to seduce, be ﬂirtatious, sexual, in fact even whisper to
him..
“I’m wearing no panties.”
And he’s the type will intimidate the insecure, the one’s who are not sexually
conﬁdent and who thinks he’s going to kiss their asses which he won’t.
We’re more brash, full on, sexual, very, fun, upbeat and we ﬂirt with sexual words
indirectly at ﬁrst and then directly. We also got an opinion and so, if a woman
tries any of their big talk we’re already to break that pedestal crashing hard with
our words.
We’re into submissive type of girls and sexual, not talk about hard life, negativity
or drama talk. I always cut oﬀ girls, when they do that. I’m not interested being
someone’s therapist. I don’t give emotional support until she’s my lover, and even
then, I have boundaries.
To get a bad boy attention you can forget behaving like some princess and nice
girl, good girl because they bore us, they are not fun, pretty reserved, make
touching, sex a big deal and useless at ﬂirting.
So you need to do your home work on that guy you wanting to arouse, turn on
and connect with.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would he avoid me when I told him to ﬁx his behavior?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has nothing to do with being a man. Here’s a hint.
He doesn’t care what you think and he’s not less of a man to avoid you. You’re not
entitled for him to want to speak to you. That doesn’t make him less of a man. It
makes him a man who doesn’t want to spend time with you. He made a decision
that you are someone to stay away from.
You mentioned the problem.
Now he is not going to talk to you.
Problem solved.
Now you don’t have to hear him talking.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

I like a guy at my church but he just won't speak to me. He talks
to all the other girls but me. Is it me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about running to him.
Just walk over and say hi.
That’s not running towards a man.
That’s social etiquette of someone who wants to know someoneone, so they
approach. So approach, say hi because it maybe he is nervous around you, as he
might be interested in you but doesn’t know how to break then ice.
Walk to him, smile, say hello and start the ball rolling.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if one day, you wake up and ﬁnd that you
are a girl?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions

Updated Aug 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What would you do if you were a girl for a day?

First I’d dress up like this..and not give a shit about all this guilt and shame, and
what society thinks..

Then I’ll add a short leather skirt to complete the outﬁt..no panties, and I’ll
replace the high heels with boots..

Next I will know where all the lesbians and bisexual girls go and go there. The are
clubs/venues they go to.
I would approach, smile, ﬂirt, turn them on…

To walk back home with THREE sexy tight ass hot girls and moment we get in, we
are all over each other, feeling breasts, ass, kissing, eating pussy, feel the wetness,
and hear the groaning and moaning.

Use strap ons to fuck them and use sex toys and go wild with it.
Then get them to stay behind so we can cook and have more sex.
And next day, just sit there like I’m Daddy, with a cigar and wine, waiting for
them…to wake up.
17.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a guy is a good guy and is not just trying to
impress you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is what a bad boy does.
He walks up to you and speciﬁcially tells you what he wants. Every girl knows
when a bad boy shows up, why they say yes to him or no. They can see the way he
is dressed, talks and behaves.
He is very direct in what he desires.
The only reason girls go with a bad boy is because they KNOW what they are
going to get. They know what is in it for them. Sex. Excitement. Conﬁdent and he
leads. She won’t ever feel ashamed, guilty of sex and her desires.
They go for him because he’s a challenge, he’s a shiny object, he has more status
and perceived value. He has tons of sexual experience in which she can be who
she loves to be and do, and let go without being judged and worried if her
“boyfriend” thinks any diﬀerent of her.
So in regards to Bad boys, he will come at you, stare into your eyes and say what
he wants.
But apart from that, from rest of the masses of men, you won’t know. They wear
social masks and so are you.
You won’t know what’s inside of him. Period

You’re challenge isn’t even that.
You’re challenge is…this…
You believe you can control the outcome.
You believe yu can control the fate of man.
You can control the future.
That if you can get everything right, you can control and lead to relationship,
long term, no heartache.
Well, you can’t.
That’s why a bad boy will leave a girl.
Through time she does something and she thinks she’s smarter than him,
thinking her pretty ass, pussy and tits is going to lock him in, and so she plays all
kinds of games to control and manipulate him.
Guess what?
He has as I have, already seen it come and her wishy, fairytale, cinderall and
sleeping beauty nonsense, where she is trying to frame it into some label
relationship ﬁt for the social norms.
Moment he challenges her now, she gets all frustrated and acts so innocent on
how the world is trying to change her, meaning he is but the Bad Boy knows her
tricks, knows what she’s doing and has already planned to move on. He’s now
seen she is like all the rest.
He moves on and girls call him “player.”
When really a player is “someone the girls realise they cannot ﬁx and change, and
are not getting validated the way they so fantasised about.”
Very diﬀerent to other men.
Other men, the masses won’t be as direct and won’t literally say what they want.
You can only set boundaries and decide what it is you want and speak that. If
your boundaries violated, you will know and then take action.
Time will determine who the guy is and even then, boundaries are what is a huge
factor to go on.
So a person then takes responsibility for their own decisions, in having
boundaries and own their sexuality.
But you’ll never know a guy whatever anyone says as that takes time.
In any kind of relationship you always will have to expect it might not go further,
as that’s part of life and all you got control of is just enjoying the moment while
making sure you adhere to your own boundaries.
Time will tell who the person is.
One thing is for sure, physical attraction always comes ﬁrst not personality, as
you don’t know the guy and he doesn’t know you. You’ve only seen physical from
a distant and rest takes time.
There is also nothing wrong with a guy showing his best side.
After all, no one likes anyone seeing their ﬂaws do they or the bad side. So they
and you and everyone else, will be showing best side of one’s character to
inﬂuence one another.

9.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys go after girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure..
1. Because I see a delicious white ass, curves, hot and amazing
2. I see her body and tits
3. I have these feelings running through me and like a beast I want to
pound her right there and then
4. I want to have tons of children with her right now and populate earth
and universe with babies.
But then when I do approach, most of time, the girl’s talk and I am immediately
turned oﬀ and my hard on dies.
Or after texting her and back and forth, I ﬁnd she is really not that special and just
some needy attention seeker, spurting negativity, and just all about herself.
I move on.
You see, if I don’t get personality as well and compatibility with her gorgeous
sweet ass and pussy, tits, then nothing on earth is going to want me to even
bother anymore.
Plus, I approach because most girls live in some fairytale and fantasy that Prince
Charming is going to ride in, sweep them oﬀ their feet, and they want to feel
special being approached.
Also they don’t want to be seen as sluts, too easy, whores, if they do approach
guys and all worried and pumped up with social pressure to approach a guy,
always worried what someone or everyone thinks.
If I was to write a book bout girls and sell it, I’d just write just the above and sell it.
I’ll call it..
Under The Hood
Boy Meets Girl
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you dislike being called "sir" or "ma'am"? If so, why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do you like being called sir or ma'am?

I like being called…
1. Daddy
2. Master
3. God
4. Lord
Outside..
1. Daddy
2. Master
3. God
4. Lord

To people who I don’t know or meet or business, or socialising out there…
1. Adam
1k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be a problem for you to be in a relationship with
someone who doesn't enjoy touching?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, for me, it’s not going to happen, see here..
Adam Taha's answer to Which would you prefer in a relationship, to be intensely
wanted or desperately needed?
I love sex, physical, sexualisation, and hardcore, dirty, sexy, and so on. As you can
see it will be a massive deal breaker for me. Massive. I also love cuddling and
making out.
If I ﬁnd a woman who says that to me, it be over before it even started.
One woman said “I’m emotionally cold and..”
Me - Ok. Listen. I’m not interested. Best we stop here. It’s great meeting you but I
have had enough of women who are too sensitive or emotionally cold.
Another women I met, hot, amazing body and personality we clicked but before
even ordering drinks she said..
Her - I have to say, I’m not particular interested in sex, or touching.
Me - Have a drink on me but we don’t go further. It was great meeting you but we
are not compatible
Her - Is sex that important
Me - Compatibility is very important and that includes sex, touching etc.
I got up and walked.
So yes, it will make be a big problem for me. BIG FAT MASSIVE YES, a problem. I
will be moving on so fast you won’t believe.
I always take what a woman says in begining as who she is. If she says now, she is
too sensitive, not into sex, touching, anything that goes against what I desire and
values, including she talks negativity about herself…life etc, then I will severe the
tie immediately and move on.
Life is short to take on someone else’s psychological and biological issues and
there’s plenty of women out there compatible with me and there will be people
compatible with you.
I won’t even go there as I have been there and it’s terrible feeling even when you
love someone. Love is not enough even for women to adapt and who would say I
want a perfect woman.
No, I date and be in relationship with women compatible to me, my desires,
needs and wants. So why would I even think love will be enough for me when love
for them for me to adapt, to be like that won’t be enough for them to do so to give
me all kinds of excuses, that they cannot even ﬂirt, sexualise and it becomes so
hard, diﬃcult makes you feel sick.
Yes, literally makes you emotionally drained and sick to stomache when someone
who you are very attracted to has a personality, has psychological and biological
make up that goes against all you are and all you desire and all you want to feel?
I walked away from a woman I loved for that reason.

Her behaviour made me feel sick. Seriously, her psychological and biological
make up and even what she talks about through a span of time made me feel sick
and even lose my hard one. I can’t even get a hard on with her and thats how
fucked up it was.
Love was not enough for her to do even that, to ﬂirt, sexualise, text wise, never
mind face to face, and that told me what the future will be like with her.
So for me, any woman who says she isn’t in touch, isn’t high sexual, is
uncomfortable with her body, is awkward with ﬂirting, and just shy and subtle
about it, and not into touching…is a woman I will severe ties with and won’t be
sexual and romantically involved with.
Life is too short and there are just too many amazing options out there that I am
experiencing right now.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Which would you prefer in a relationship, to be intensely
wanted or desperately needed?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Neither. Instead it be..
1. Furiously lustful over me
2. Obsessed and horny
3. I mean downright sexy, hot, dirty, hardcore
4. Purring like a sexy kitten
5. VERY submissive and open minded to experiment with me including
threesome with other women, bondage, tied up, hair pulling, ass
slappning, ass ﬂogging etc.
6. Ready for an experience for multiple orgasms if all 4 is sorted in which
I’ll eat her pussy like it my only meal of the week.
7. And that’s just me getting started.
This is why because this is my emotional language..read from How To Flirt With
A Gemeni. 95% of women get it all wrong with Gemeni men…
Gemini Flirting Style - Communicative & Obvious
Then we’ll go and have a blast, resturant and paint the city with whatever, and of
course….she wears no panties, and wears an ass plug.
Now that’s the “intensely” I like ;)
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if my girlfriend does not reply to my texts but
whenever we are together we enjoy ourselves?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, she isn’t much into texting but….man, if I was in your position and
you’re both local, believe…screw the texting.
I’ll be all in, face to face and enjoying ﬂirting with her face to face, conversation
and having fun doing that.
Get her out more and meet face to face ot use then phone. Forget the texting. It’s
done it’s job!

You now got that, because that is what texting is for. To build attraction, fun,
excitement, high state arousal to meet.
Now you met and now you are girlfriend and boyfriend.
Let go of the texting and start using verbal communication i.e. phone as she’s not
into texting but also you have now gone past that stage.
So use phone and face to face conversation.
Use the opportunity as much as you can to be more verbal rather than texting
because you’re both local, you can meet, you can call and talk on phone and don’t
have challenges like most have.
Take advantage of that big time.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to make my lover call me and text me like he
always does before?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s some reason why most of guys don’t bother and even block..
1. It’s too serious and not light hearted
2. It’s texting all about the girl and not about the guy
3. It’s 90% negativity of what has gone wrong, what hasn’t gone right
4. The rest also nothing but attention seeking
5. It’s not arousing
6. It’s too pally, friend type of talk
7. Can also be texting about crushes, ex boyfriends
8. Can also be texting about who checked her ass out
9. It’s all abour her achievements
10. Avoiding when he ﬂirts and sexualises
11. When he shares about himself it’s “oooh wow,” and then back to herself
12. When he shares his feelings, she devalues him while using sandwhich
technique to apologise and does not change her behaviour. It’s an empty
value and manipulation
Therefore, it can be emotionally draining, attention seeking, it doesn’t stimulate
his mind and all about stimulating her emotions.
When these happen then..
1. The attraction the guy had will fade
2. It will completely die
3. He will feel it’s one sided
4. He will visualise and realise girl will be like that in the future.
Of course, if he says he’s really busy, launching a business like I am, doing tons of
work, then it’s diﬀerent, and even then, make sure it’s light hearted, fun, not
routine, negativity and self serving for attention.
Make your text less serious, be more upbeat, fun, exciting, and less melodramatic
if it has been that way.
21k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to overcome the fear of rejection when I approach
a woman?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t have high self esteem.
You have conﬁdence - ability in knowledge and skills in other areas “the lot of
things,” but high self esteem is very diﬀerent. If you did have it you’ll not be
parlysed to approach women.
Someone of high self esteem will never speak these words..
“I don't think they will be interested…”
You won’t say those words if your self esteem is high. If how you see yourself and
your self worth in the world you is high then you’ll not utter these words.
If you’re self esteem is very low, then you will speak on how you feel your low
when it comes to… people you meet along the way.
You put their opinions above how you see yourself.
That’s low self esteem not high.
It’s ok to be scared.
Being scared isn’t cowardice.
Cowardice is fear but without a strategy and a plan of action.
That’s what fear does.
It doesn’t let you do what is necessary but keeps you put in your comfort zone. It’s
our brain that can help us a lot but if we let it just run whatever it wants, it can
prevent us to grow.
It gets you to be so blind of your own rationality, the bullshit or what I call the
Psychological script you begin to believe in then lie.
It’s actually what turned me oﬀ some girls and one girl I recently a few weeks or
so I blocked. She was attractive to me but due to how she talked and behaved, the
insecurities, self esteem regarding her body, sexuality, something just clicked and
all I saw attractive…just suddenly dissappeared so fast. That’s why love isn’t
enough.
If someone is just downing themselves all time, talkng negative, even if it was a
while back, it just needs one more thing or two, anything and suddenly who you
saw attractive isn’t anymore to you.
You then behave like you don’t care because what you hear, read and feel from
them goes against all you value regarding beauty, conﬁdence, sexual conﬁdent,
inner beauty and so outer beauty just collapses for you and fades. Now the person
is just not attractive to you anymore.
So your words are not just words but your own thought process and how you see
yourself. As a man, I’d never really want to date or be with a woman who is very
insecure about her body, becasue what can she then teach our next generation if
it becomes a relationship that gets real serious?
Nothing but insecurities about one’s own sexuality, body and lots of words that
pound their heads which hurts their self esteem.
Then you ﬁnd that poison becomes part of someone else’s program and it can be
part of yours to.
Fear is about control and it it is ego base.

It is necessary to to grow by feeding on your own ego and so you don’t take action
towards what will help you and instead you focus on what will self sabotage.
You will never, ever think of having a plan.
Even when you do, you won’t apply it and even if you do apply, you won’t be
consistent and go right back repeating the same pattern.
If you came to me…
And you gave me £5,000, I’ll push it back to you and ask you to ﬁnd someone else
because you’re not ready to learn from me.
A mentor can see your blind spots.
I see them now.
A gun is pointing at your head but you’re saying you haven’t got a gun, and will
frustrate me to no end, with not being humble to trust years of experience,
specuialised knowledge and skill, when I say you have very low self esteem.
So the ﬁrst thing is stop bullshitting yourself that you don’t have a problem how
you see yourself, when it comes to women. That you do have low self esteem and
you got work to do to build from the inside.
Until then, you’ll never really get to know the root cause of your problem and that
is, within the script that is replaying in your mind over and over, and over again.
So the ﬁrst step is acknowledging that insecurity and the second is realising, you
are so conditioned of approaching with lots of pressure to be..
1. Likes
2. Approved
3. Supplicating to women
4. Like it is they who only can say no when you can too
5. And change your approach in doing lots of approaching, while detaching
from then outcome.
6. You’re overthinking about controlling the outcome, because you seek so
much to be validsated, approved, liked, accepted.
That comes from way back in your childhood and through years of social
conditioning, your own environment and so you made a game in your mind to
believe what you think the problem is.
This is why you are so eager to be liked, approved by women and women you
don’t know and who doesn’t even know you.
Why would you be so fearing of not being liked and accepted by a woman who
you don’t know fuck all about?
Why put anyone on pedestal?
Why approach or think of approaching with this neediness and already giving
someone attraction which they have yet earned?
That is not approaching.
That is supplicating.
Women also got a lot of issues, insecurities, lot of shit like everyone else. The
more the mask falls, the more you shall see they are no diﬀerent to you in regards
to fear, weakness, pains, doubts, hopes, needs, wants and clawing away to…
survive.

But you won’t embrace that at a deeper level yet until you acknowledge that you
also are going through same.
To know others, you must know yourself.
So ﬁrst let go of the bullshit.
Acknowledge you have low sef esteem.
Now, when you got that sorted, you need to slap fear in back, laugh a how it was
pulling some joke over you, to now have…a…strategy and a plan.
Your strategy is ensure you ﬁrst gain what will make you stand out from the rest
which is killer instinct. The ability to have social freedom in approaching anyone,
without worrying what others oir anyone or even the women you approach thnk
about you.
It won’t go smooth.
It never dopes.
That’s Hollywood, romamce novels, not real life.
You approach with mindset to detach from getting a Yes, No, Number and dating,
sex, and anything else.
The plan of actin is approach to get good at just doping that..approaching.
Approach to women to ask for directions. Do lots of that.
Approach to ask something else.
Approach to learn to converse.
Talk to as many women you can, in diﬀerent situation, and again and again, and
get used to doing that ﬁrst.
Up the level of stepping out of the comfort zone, with being cheek, be a little
brash, be cocky, have fun, don’t give a shit about Yes or No, numbers and all that,
You are coming to bring value, engaging and don’t ive a shit about then putcome
of yes, or phone number.
Let go of that and now you will have fun.
Do that and add more twists to it, for 6–12 months.
How long it takes depends on you. Might take 2 years but might as well get started
or ﬁnd yourself like most guys and even girls, who bullshit themselves all day
long, and thnk I cannot see trhough their bullshit, and be in that same place
everyday, every years, fantasising “if only”
“If you don’t grow through it, you shall go through it again and again, and
over again.”
Time to let fear know, you caught on it’s game and now check mate fear, and
laugh.
Every mile, starts with the ﬁrst step.
Forget the bigger picture for now and focus on just doing the work in just
approach without attaching to the outcome.
Do nothing else, do not move to next phase.
Focus on the ﬁrst step again and again until you are comfortable and when you
are, you move to the next phase.

Walk before you can run.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How hard is it to forget a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s some suggestions for you that has worked, and I broke oﬀ with a woman
not long and though she is in my mind…I don’t feel much at all like I did… but
that is because of three things..
1. I know my instinct was right.
2. I know I gave a lot value and focused on her while she didn’t do much of
that to me. I didn’t lose much. So I’m ﬁne with walking away.
3. I then did the following steps….
A) Make sure you got someone you can trust and avoid bottling it in. You need to
talk to someone. Very important. That sick feeling you feel, that heaviness
swiming in your chest and crawling all over your body, like your heart is
breaking, is you needing to talk to someone.
When you do that, lots of times, or even a few times, or even once, you will feel
the diﬀerence. Like strength, power, because being vulnerable is power, and so,
ﬁnd someone you can really trust. Hell, pay someone $5.00 who you don’t even
know and talk, that well help as well.
B) After you do the talking, it be easier when you talk to someone about your
feelings, just let it out, and talk. Make the talking consistent and let the peson
know it will take sometime until it’s less and you won’t talk much about it in time
to come. Just for now, you need to talk about it until then. As long as they know
and you’re asking for their help, you’ll be ﬁne.
C) Find a project that is about your goals. Invent one for your career, something
that gets you buzzing or one thing that will improve an area in your life.
For example, I am creating hardcore, sexual videos, books, designing then layout
for my website, ready soon to marketimy website.
It is so busy mate, lots of editing, it’s crazy and I am excited.
When you are on that level, believe, you’ll do right for your life and with these
other two steps you will ﬁnd you still remember but it’s not as heavy, not as
emotionally draining and trapped as before..
Chin up mate.
You’ll get over this.
You won’’t forget. I won’t forget who I loved and I see a lot of good in her and
what happened and you will look back and it becomes lots of lessons to help you
in the future.
Sometimes people come in oour lives for diﬀerent reasons and you never know
until years later. Sometimes we thought they are that person who will always be
in our lives.
Sometimes we wonder what the hell we saw in them and sometimes, though it
didn’t work out, no matter what, you see some good in the person, in time to
come. See something good in her, must be one thing, and then do the steps to
move forward
One thing is for sure, it will get better for you but for now:

1. Avod bottling it inside you and talk to someone you trust. Do this as soon
as possible. Very important.
2. It will be easier to block on mobile and all social media channels.
3. Look at one thing in your life to improve.
Maybe hit the gym.
Maybe more income.
Maybe make new friends.
Just get out of the house as much as possible but do something that
helps your life.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does “hot girl” mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll get to what hot girl means, but ﬁrst let’s start with the cute girls..

When I say this girl is cute, I mean they are type of girls I won’t date. The reason is
she looks like a good girl, a nice girl, alright to be friends with but I can’t see
myself being hard on and sexually attracted and hot for her.
Some girls when I say “you’re cute,” they think I am attracted to them but I’m not.
Some girls make it worse in that they’ll talk about crushes, how other guys send
them messages.

I see them now as…cute.
So if you’re a young woman wanting to date and be a lover for an older guy, you
best avoid that kind of behaviour or down the line, he’s going to be turned oﬀ
because you remind him of his sister, cute, and not really a woman who he is
attracted and sexually attracted to.
That’s why some young girls ﬁnd the older man walk away because they behaved
in a….cute way not in a way of a sexy woman or a beautiful woman. When an
older man walks away I guarantee you, somewhere in the conversation, whether
text, phone or face to face, the girl talked about crushes, talked about attention
from guys.
He may not have noticed or said something, but that was poison a young woman
didn’t realise, will become one of the reasons why the older mature man, will see
her as nothing but like a friend or sister, or someone to really walk away from.
She has become…cute. Cute isn’t what mature older men or bad boys want.
There won’t be dynamites ﬂying oﬀ but you know, she’s cute, awwww. Just like
“my sister…seeking attention, awwww.”
They have the features as I said of looking like a good girl, closet type of girl who
doesn’t go out much, seems socially awkward but might not be but the perception
in what she dress, seems that way.
You want to squeeze her cheeks, give a hug, cuddles, and if you date her, you can
imagine feeding each other, in a romantic way.
She’s that shy girl, awkward when socialising, and cheeks you want to squeeze
and hug her but that’s it.
When I see a cute girl, she doesn’t project “Seductive,” and “sexy.” or “hot.” I see
her try hard in doing it but she’s dorky when she does it and too much attention
seeking.
so, I won’t be sexually attracted to the cute girl.
You’d want to grab her, put her under your arm and rub her head as she giggles
but that’s really it for me.
The type of girl who likes to snuggle, make out but really, that’s it. I won’t even do
that with a cute girl.
EDIT- I had A question from cute and pretty..
“So if i am unwilling for sex then I am cite, which means I am so damn cute..”
My answer - that’s what I mean about cute ad pretty, you play victim mentality
and love pimping you’re diﬀerent than the rest.
You missed out..
somewhere in the conversation, whether text, phone or face to face, the
girl talked about crushes, talked about how they get attention from other
guys, and who they fucked, etc. You missed that one, didn’t you?
Also this…this will become one of the reasons why the older mature
man, will see her as nothing but like a friend or sister, or someone to
really walk away from. Speaking for validation, attention seeking, victim
mentality. 90% talk is negative and attention seekig.
Fantasy, believes the “one” and “prince charming,” and so you wait for
the “one” rather tahn being proactive i.e. cute.
That goes for pretty girls as well.

But all you saw after reading is insecurities regarding sexuality i.e. “Sex,”
but missed out the attitude, positive attitude, comfortable in one’s own
mind and skin, and body, positive about humanity, positive about
genders.
Those who have these thoughts regarding sex either gone through
trauma, or in depression, or struggle with anxiety due to traite of not
being outgoing so they have little experience with social skills, limited
friends, socially awkward, or have superior complex, or they they
attracted broken type of guys and get dumped, or ﬁnd themselves in a
labyrith of nowhere or scared of the world etc. That’s a very consistent
pattern I have found.
In other words “cute,” and “pretty,” are mostly in a bubble of her own and
far from reality how it goes with dating and relationships.
It’s ok to have values but to read this and only see sex, is says a lot not about me
but on what the individual is projecting on what they read an only see what they
want to see.
Now that’s done, let’s get to…
The Pretty…

She’s the cute girl that has a mature look about her. I say mature look, not mature
as in behaviour and life.
Some still have the “cute behaviour,” which is again, attention seeking.
They talk a lot of shit, negativity, problems about life, study, work, friends,
babysitting or whaever, and haven’t left the teen world.
So the talk is almost if not all, about their life and packed with low self esteem
and sexual insecurities.
Some are mature but just don’t judge book by cover or how they project online or
oﬄine because most as you get to know, will behave diﬀerent to you than out in
world and it’s a lot of immaturity.

Online they can sound mature with words but when you get to know most of then
pretty girl, they cute girls who are just older.
Still, her looks is whatever society standards regarding girls is:
She has her eyebrows sorted and perfect, curves and in line.
She has a certain type of lips and smile
She has that certain type of eyes
And her hair as well is diﬀerent from the cute.
You’ll even see her clothes are diﬀerence and she has that cute but
mature feel to her.
In other word…the cute girl, nice girl, who looks mature.
I personally won’t date cute and pretty. I might ﬁnd myself lookig at her, maybe
get attracted, but as time goes by, I’ll ﬁnd she’s just a cute girl who is older and
still has the behaviours of an attention seeker.
Not all pretty girls are like that but..I’m not going to chance it.
She’s the girl who looked cute a few years back and now she has grown, she looks
pretty but still has a touch of cuteness to her. See above edits the “cute,” section.
The Hot…

This is one of type of girls I’ll date.
She’s not sexy and not pretty but she’s very hot.
She’s far more sexually attraction than the cute and pretty girls. She has the body,
those deadly curves, and so, she’s sexually attractive. She’s also sexually
conﬁdent and desires to explore, experimental and isn’t going to wait around like
the cute and pretty girls.
She’s the hot girl who walks on the beach and walks into a night club, or street
and heads turn. She’s the girl where she’s so hot you want to put your hands on
her, because she is that…hot.

The hot girl is sexually attractive in looks and ﬁgure than the cute and the pretty
girl. She’s…hot and there is no doubt about it.
The Sexy…

You take some of the prety girls features, eyebrows, curves, the ﬂowing curls and
and increase the way she dresses, with one powerful factor to add…
It’s called Sexual appeal..
She’s sexy and again, she’s the other type of girl I will date and be in relationship
with which I am right now.
Some girls play that part of sexiness but you later ﬁnd it’s fake.
They ﬁnd themselves so shit at ﬂirting, sexualisation and you learn how they are
uncomfortable with their body and even sex.
At ﬁrst you are patient, you want to see them grow but at times go by, you ﬁnd
they are unwilling to do so. They have a quality or traite in which they will always
be subtle to ﬂirting and sexualisation.
It’s so awkward that it kills attraction and sexual tension down the line, let’s say a
few months or a year or so, to ﬁnd you cannot see a future with them. If they are
like this now, then they’ll be worse later on, no matter what they say on how they
will be so open when together.
Meh, it’s part of who they are and so you move on. I’ve learnt the hard way. I tried
even a few months back or a year or so, and still, ﬁnd this to be true so decided
now, never going to bother with girls who are faking sexual appeal.

If a woman is subtle to ﬂirt, forget it.
She’s probably one of those girls who hasn’t much friends, in some book, into
mystic zodiac stuﬀ, facts kind of girl, and just someone who doesn’t really have
this level of conﬁdence and self esteem.
To have sexual appeal is to have positive attitude about yourself, your body, your
own sexuality, revel in it, love it, and willing to explore, experiemental, and
positive about the world and opposite sex, or same sex, or both.
I ﬁnd those who are pretending, you’ll later ﬁnd through texting lots, seeing the
girl more, she is wearing a social mask.
It is dissapointing to ﬁnd she’s sexually insecure, or she’s a girl who ﬂirts subtly,
believer of romance and mystics too much. She’s always in her head and
imaginery world and not enough in the real world.
So communication leaves you empty and you can’t help but feel achining
emptiness to walk away from her.
That’s not sexual appeal or sexy.
You can’t just do your hair, eyebrows, lips, wear some choker around your neck,
short skirts to think your sexy.
That’s not sexy.
That’s someone being someone they are not, because they haven’t invested inside
of themselves ﬁrst to develop sexual appeal.
Sexual appeal is an attitude and with attitude comes a set of behavours, which
means work needs to be done inside the girl not just outside.
If you just do outside, then when she does meet the world, she doesn’t know how
to behave in a sexy way. She ﬁnds herself fumbling in behaviour, in words, have
no idea how to ﬂirt and use her body and it’s very..dorky.
It’s not ﬂuid and ﬂowing with attitude that radiates sexual appeal.
When guys ﬁnd out they will drop the pretender so fast and they will resent her
for faking she is high sexual, and realise, she hasn’t sexual appeal.
When guys ﬁnds out she hasn’t that attitude, then we see see through her mask of
fakiness and see just a girl trying too hard, socially awkward, and hasn’t reached
this level of attraction.
Sexy as I’ve said is an attitude.
It brings a vibe and feeling oozing with high self conﬁdence, self esteem and
when a guy ﬂirts text wise, or face to face, you up your game and show him, fold.
That’s sexy to guys who desire a sexually conﬁdent gir;.
Since it is an attitude, you can be average looking and be sexy.
You can be short, tall, fat, curvous, whatever, and have sexual appeal if you learn
the science of attraction and it starts with attitude ﬁrst.
It is not sexy, to hate on gender i.e. men.
It is not sexy shaming men about their body, hair, height and that goes for also
speaking and doing so to other girls.
That’s not sexy.
That’s someone insecure and gets stimulus by putting others down. That’s
someone, whether girl or guy who is a pretender.

Sexy is postive.
Sexy is fun.
Sexy is exciting and adventuereous.
That’s why guys get attracted by sexy because they already get negativity from
the world around them, boredom, seriousness and they don’t want it from the girl
they want to date.
Sexy is swag, an attitude and you can be whatever, fast, curvous, tall, short, black,
white, american, indian, whatever…
When you have learnt the art and science of attraction, and behave as such with
people, you have sexual appeal.
Example..

She got sexual appeal shining from her and as you can see below, sexy isn’t about
colour but attitude.
Look at her eyes, her clothes, her posture and she doesn’t need a choker to make
herself look hot and sexy, but if she had one, it is not the choker that makes her
sexy but her own demeanor…

Megan Fox..is sexy..

The sexy girl is now a woman, who has grown to have sexual appeal, love for her
body, love for her curves, love and damn if anyone in this fucking world will try to
make her feel insecure about her ass, tits, curves and anything about her.
Sexual appeal loves in the moment, the present and they go getters when it
comes to dating and guys.
Sexy has the walk, she talks the sexy way, she has the swag, she has the demeanor,
when she walks in the room…she has atturude, conﬁdence, oozing with sexual
attraction.
It’s not subtle.
It’s attraction behaviour of a high level.
You won’t hear or see her fumbling over to ﬂirt. You won’t see her feeling
uncomfortable about her body, ﬂowing day in and day out with sexual
conversations.
You won’t hear her talking negativity about herself or others.
They have reached a high level of sexual attraction, that no one can take their
eyes oﬀ them. When she looks at a guy, she will bite her lips…

She will use her body, use her eyes, and even and ﬂow with it like a master. She
will up her game when a guy ﬂirts sexually and not be intimidated and ﬂirt back
with far more hardcore behaviour to leave him standing.
When you see her, you can imagine and cannot help but to imagine being in bed
with her naked, pinning her to the wall and have your whole tongue go down on
her and knowing she is going to be wild, sexually conﬁdent and loving it.

She can be average looking but she can be sexy and she can turn guys head
around because she is of a higher level in sexual attraction knowledge, skill,
experience and most of all, conﬁdence in her body and herself.
She owns it when she walks in because sexy is an attitude. She’s learnt the art and
science of attraction.
The Beautiful…

When you see beautiful women, you are captivated by how she makes you feel
amazing from the inside.
Why is that?
Well, instead of talking alot about themselves, their problems, she makes you feel
wonderful because she really does want to connect with you.
When you leave her, whether she has had a text conversation, a phone
conversation or face to face - you leave feeling how she is beautiful she is, inside
and out.
You feel warmth, feel comfort, you feel safe with her and she doesn’t make you
feel low, down but equal and even far better than before you met her. There is no
conversation game.
There isn’t “what is all this about?”
Beautiful women have all the attributes of cute, pretty, sexy and a hot chick, all
rolled into one.
On top of all these attributes, their personality feels like it’s pure, feels like it’s
perfect even though we know none of us are perfect but it feels like they’ve
grown, they really do know how to communicate and listen.

Their personality always want to give and by that, they give by asking you about
your life, about what you do, about what makes you feel amazing, what you’re
into and you ﬁnd yourself, she knows so much about you in an hour than many
women do in years.
Notice the diﬀerence when you date most girls…
It’s all about them.
Every text, every conversation is mostly for attention seeking, validation, take…
take…take.
Not here…with the beautiful woman.
She isn’t in need of attention and lots of superiﬁcial validation. She wants real
and she gets that which is real by ﬁnding out about the man, asking him
questions and he will bare his soul to her.
Man won’t feel the aching pain of emptiness but walk away feeling ﬁlled up with
inspiration, dreams and most of all, a lot of love.

By the way, she is a master of seduction, can ﬂirt like a sexy, can be cute, and
pretty at the same…time!
She is the beautiful woman. The godess of love, self love. She has reached that
level and now understands what real love is.
She has ﬁgured out teh ﬁnal mystery of love is not in the stars, not in the world
out there, not in woman out there or man, though she loves humanity as she is
part of humanity.
She ﬁgured out then mystery of love is…..self love.
Therefore, she is a master of being comfortable in her skin, her body, sexuality
and she can turn it on whenever she desires fore she also has knowledge,
experience and maturity.
That includes her Psychology.
Beauty is often about the combination of a woman’s inner beauty and that
includes her psychological factor such as her personality, charm, elegance and
grace. It will also include outer beauty as well, such her maturity and wisdom to
keep herself healthy, youtful looking, and there is the symertry and her
complexion.
And lastly, we have Gorgeous..

For example, Angline Jolie is pretty but when you mention gorgeous, it is now
adding something else, which is about a woman’s all-around attractive body,
fashion sense, her style of clothes, the trend.
Collins English Dictionary, the word ‘beautiful’ means: “possessing beauty;
aesthetically pleasing”.

While beauty is complimenting a womans overall beauty which includes her
inner as well as the outer beauty…gorgeous is speciﬁcally focused of a woman’s
striking and stunning beauty.
It’s about the beauty in a more aesthetically, visual, what you see, pleasing to the
eye and doesn’t include overall beauty such as the psychology, personality,
charm, elegance, grace, inner beauty.

56.7k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Everyone asks me why am I so quiet, like there is something
wrong with being quiet. I have to admit that it is a little
annoying. How do I respond to "You're so quiet!" and "Why are
you so quiet"? It makes me feel embarrassed and exposed.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Someone - why are you so quiet
Me - Why aren’t you?
Then I wink and stay as I am.
Leaves the one asking, if they should be pissed oﬀ or confused at the same time.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girl's girlfriend advised her to see someone behind my back
as a backup, in case we split up and she agrees with her. What
do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her friend was an excuse. She’s already done it, and has decided about it way
back. This is her Psychological script and so she is making her world predictable,
by making whatever as an excuse.
Think of it like this.
1. Girl says she loves you and more than anything
2. Then you ﬁnd she blocked you on facebook
3. Then she starts acting all up with talks about guys, crushes
4. Then she switches oﬀ attraction completely
5. Then she starts doing up and down, like an irritational rabbit, where
none of the talk is about you, but a whole shit of negativity and about
herself.
6. Then she says the reason after you ask, is because she didn’t trust you as
lots of guys use girls
7. But she was the one who knew you fuck girls. How about 4,000 answers
where you are saying “I fuck girls, love fucking girls, in ass, pussy,”
8. So now you know, she is doing the “devaluing” techique and as you look
at all conversations, mostly are that. And who does that? Girls who got
low self esteem is who.
What does that say?
It says…..self sabotage alert!
They already know but they come for certain guys to want to self sabotage. It
sounds like I am talking about one girl but really, this is so common you won’t
believe.
So any girl thinks it’s about her, realise, it’s VERY common.
Common like you are breathing every second.
When you date a lot of girls, you’ll see a lot of that going on.
See the red ﬂags early on.

Block and move on, as everything probably is a lie, and leading to self sabotage
anyway. Probaby already on Tinder or using Instagram for attention seeking to
get guys or already texting some guy/guys.
Then when guy blocks, without a word because the guys, no matter it is really a
game for most girls’s to fulﬁl their sense of destinty, make their world predictable,
probably done same with their ex-boyfriends as patterns repeat… so no problem…
you give them…the predictable world.
Same with girl you are with right now.
Her friend is the backup excuse.
You are not the backup, her friend is the back up excuse to fulﬁll her sense of
destiny. She knows, what she said is going to self sabotage the relationship.
Call it a day, she is actually saying she doesn’t want this and she is saying to you
right now, she is going to cheat.
See the red ﬂag not the pussy and break up, move on if you’re monagamous. Even
if she got a ﬁne hour glass ass and ﬁgure.
Sure, she’ll tell her friends, which is another backup for girls to be a victim, get
more atention and if they ar eon her here, probably write an answers on what
annoys them about life, guys, whatever, and writes about you while every fucker
has no clue on real story.
She probably told her friend all sorts of bullshit to get the predictable…sense
fuﬁlling destiny type of answer from her friend.
You might as well let her go, break up or…
If you are both into open relationship then speak that but be honest about it and
not like her with her bullshit mind games. Or she isn’t into open relationship,
then break up.
However if you’re monogamous, that’s your cue to break up with her and move
on. She probably already done so.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

How upset would a guy be if a girl you were talking to sent a
picture of another guy's chest?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d personally, have fun with it but i’m very brash and don’t give a fuck. So I’m
diﬀerent to most guys.
Example of a message a girl sent to me, and I just had to construct it for you, so
you get an idea. She sent me an image of a man’s ass she got online.
I replied as such which got her friends cracking up laughing…

So if it’s me, I’d sent an animated gif sexual image of a woman rubbing soap on
her hot gorgeous breasts.
But this is me, women who know me, know what I’m like. I’m not subtle and I am
not into girls who are subtle either.
If they are prepared to play, so am I ;)
9.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people on Facebook have there relationship
status as single, yet are not single?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. It’s no one’s business but their own
2. They don’t want anyone interferring in their business
3. That is priveledged information to those who they let in that part of their
life
4. They don’t care about kissing people’s asses and letting them know they
got status, and someone is soooooooo into them.
5. They don’t see faebook, instagram and any other social media as their
life or a reﬂection of their life
6. They…don’t…care what everyone thinks except what their partner
thinks, and their partner thinks the same. That’s not anyone else’s
business but their own.
7. They use social media for close not people to send messages, etc.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Are hot girls really hot?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The answer is…yes..

And when they got not much on..they still look hot..

The diﬀerence is, hot is a perception, beauty is appreciation. Hot is admired from
close or far, but beauty is held within the heart of man.
Hot is pulsating and ﬁrey in the moment and through time it fades, the way
infatuation does..

Beauty is the ongoing growth of love for one’s lover in which he sees much more
than her curves, and rather her inner qualities, in which he cannot help but come
home to see her again and again, and again.
That doesn’t mean he doesn’t want to see her ass, breasts, pussy and she will not
with-hold that from him but he sees her, he sees inside of her. He does more than
sees. He feels her.
He has certainty while he cannot have such certainty from other women who
come and go in his life like ghosts.

Hot is an instant jerking reaction of visual apeal, which ﬁres your imagination to
high state arousal…

Beauty is the memories you built together, which makes you wonder of how
amazing she is when even when you screw up, she is still there saying to you, she
believes in you.
If she isn’t there in your screw ups, she’s nobody but like all the rest.
Hot, sexy, got sweet luscious ass and tits, and probably hitting instragram with
privare or non private accounts to show their ﬁgure with a choke chain, short
skirts, for more attention from crowd..

Beauty is where she is so into her man, she wants to show her ass and sexiness to
him, pouring her energy to him as he pours everything to her with words that
arouse, ﬂirtatious and even using her videos, her images to say she is gorgeous.
Hot is a perceived value where people “assume” who you are and really don’t
know who you are, what you feel, what you are really going though in life and
most if you will, is attention seeking talk rather than connection to then heart,
spirit and soul of man…

Beauty is an experience through time in which trust, love and more grows. It is a
calm, in which infatuatio is gone, pedestal is gone, you see the ﬂaws and
imperfections.
It becomes calm and peace swims in boths hearts…

Hot is banging photos on instagram, facebook selﬁes like a child who is hungry
for attention.
Impoverished of attention and love, then complains why men see her ass and tits,
and compliments on the physical look…

Beauty is wisdom in knowing she is enough and she loves herself. It is when her
lover embraces as equal, with kiss of aﬀection. Most of all, he feels a deep
connection with her.

Hot is infatuation that burns bright but only for a short time, whether a day, week
month or two years.
Beauty is grown through time, understanding, tears, happiness, trust, and so
much more that most ﬁnd themselves fall deep into their own abyss and void to
lose themselves.
Hot is for a moment.

Beauty is eternal, like the ongoing four seasons, that have been with us long
before we were born, and nature will go on, long after we are gone.
19.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can you capture the attention of a guy when you know you
have competition?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re focusing too much on what’s going around you. The real competitiion is
really our own fears and getting out of the comfort zone.
As men we are visual and so if you notice most of the women around you, you’ll
ﬁnd they don’t approach when it comes to showing a guy they are interested in
him.
You can wear all the hot clothes but if you don’t show the guy clearly you’re
interested in him, most won’t make the move.
These words is why..
1. Social conditioning, that woman doesn’ show interest
2. To avoid looking too easy
3. She’ll be seen as slut, whore, etc
These are also used by other women “competition,” and so, you’re falling into this
category of fear, and worried, concerned what others around you and the guy
might think.
So appreciate this part, very important part, which by the way, why I can dates
easily than many guys can..
I know everyone around is scared, worried about what others think, so with my
average looks, but stellar style and clothes, I can get hottest girl to date me, sex,
relationship because I go for it.

You can too with guys knowing this and this is a FACT.
You know it is and so does everyone else, that people are scared, worried, and
wondering what someone else thinks of them.
So what you can do is this..
1.When you see the guy, don’t pretend you’re not interested. Avoid showing disinterest but rather show interest.
2. Turn your body to him, hald way turn your head, eye contact.
3. Smile
4. Then walk towards him a few steps and look up again and smile, ﬂirt, give him
the look you’re into him. Don’t just stand in same spot, move forward towards
him. He will then move towards you.
5. To keep you in his mind, you need personality but not what most think it is. We
are not talkng about you conversing negativity, about ex, about what you eat,
what you’re doing study or job wise but rather conversation that is fun, ﬂirtatious
and that arouses him.
You need to put in his mind images on what can happen when you contacts you
and when you exchange numbers.
Don’t give your number before doing that or he’ll easily forget you or won’t go
further. So make sure your converstion is ﬂirtatious, captures his emotions, and
his imagination.

You need to be proactive while rest of women are not, and doing all hints and
signals which doesn’t get a guy to really know you’re attracted to him and many
guys now, fear rejection and it can be problemantic approaching when not
knowing 100% if she is attracted to them.
So your power is to use your face, eyes, lips, body, and action to show you’re
attracted to him. When he’s woth you, use physical touch, as you converse, like
social physical touch when talking to friends.
When shaking hand, hold his hand longer, and look into his eyes, give that look,
that you’re into him.
And you will be ahead of many women, many.
So do the opposite what the social masses of women do and be pro-active, and
well, there is no competition except one…yourself.
It’s all about you pushing yourself, learning about you, growing out of the
comfort zone and where coﬁdent and self esteem to you are not just words but for
real, who you are.
I mean, look around you.
Poeple just scared to step put of the crowd but that is how I always 10 steps ahead
of other guys too. You’ll be 10 steps ahead of women this way.
Don’t worry if some guys get intimidated, Their insecurities is not your problem
or your fault. You’ll meet someone who is conﬁdent anyway.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

If you are a guy who has women friends, would you want to
know if they dreamt of you regardless of how you felt or didn't
feel?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. Not interested in the least. Doesn’t serve any purpose to do so and is
irrelevant and nothing more than some tease, and I don’t like women who tease.
Either 100% or personally, shut up.
I also don’t date friends.
I like to keep social circle of friends far away from dating part of my life. Yes,
many are attractive but still, I rather keep it that way but also, I don’t spend my
time anyway with women as friends as much.
More of a “hey, good to see you,” and a drink here and I’m gone.
They can of course, go home, masturbate and have multiple orgasms, but I don’t
want to hear about it.
737 Views · View Upvoters

What's the biggest lie you ever told which changed your life
forever?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was when I was down out of luck, lost house, in street, homeless. This was years
back. About one year I moved into a hostel, there was a bed available and while I
was waiting at reception, I picked up a newspaper.
In the job section was a job for graphic designer and you need to know certain
softwares. I knew nothing about how to use computer for design.
But I asked some help in the place I moved in to type a CV up and put in CV I
know how to use the software, very skilled at it as a matter of fact.
And…sent it oﬀ.
From then on, I found out a community centre which is one hour walk which has
computers and softwares I needed to learn. I went there, every day.
No one hardly used these computers.
It was empty room most of the time, ﬁlled with computers and I went to work, I
would arrive 8.45am and when gate and door opened, I started learning and
would work right until it was closing time - 6pm.
I’d have only two meals a day and not much.
I applied for diﬀerent jobs with the same skills and kept on learning the softwares
and because they had a printer, printed out my design work. I did newspaper
layouts, magazine layouts, ﬂyers, posters and so on.
One day I get a call and I run down to reception, and it’s an interview. I had about
8 interrviews and I was also in some of these jobs was tested to see how I do with
working on a brief.
From homeless to getting a job of 25k and 2 years later, 35k as a copywriter.
That did stop being again taking risks in business to be homeless again but, then
speed in which I got out of it and get back on my feet was very fast due to this
attitude.
I now approach life in a similar train of thought.
I don’t say I can’t.”
I re-frame it with, “I can learn something new.”

This attitude, just this one changed my life completely. It was got me out of
homeless and right back to where I wanted to be.
14.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think it's crucial to know yourself before initiating a
relationship? Why or why not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I started dating when I was young. I had sex with a teacher when I was 14 and had
relationship with her. Model but she wanted to be a teacher. I was diﬀerent to
other guys in that I looked older, and had a beard when I was very young, teen.
From then I dated other women, and now in my 40’s and dating young women,
aged 18, some 20, some 30, and I am in multiple relationships.
Everyone I know has been divourced, relationships crashing.
My relationship, 18 years with a lover I am with, 15 years with another I am also in
relationship with, 10 years and also in relationship with.
We don’t need to see each other everyday, we have our own life except one lover
lives now with me.
I ﬁnd most young women are not great in relationships, have a lot to learn and in
a bubble. Have low self esteem, very. Older, let’s say 25–30 but depending on
target audience I go for, are very sexually conﬁdent, very and open minded. Self
aware due to experience and really learning about life and themselves.
They are type if I walked up to them I can talk sex no problem.
They don’t have the bullshit most have about approaching and I go to certain
places, venues and have many sex parties plus much of young women on
Instagram I date are similar.
Looking at it now, I have to say, I am glad I started when I was young. I did have a
life of my own even teen years. It is the reason why I am successful at dating,
though that doesn’t mean all relationships will succeed and all connections will
ﬂourish. Many factors such as other person’s self esteem, trust issues and their
own psychological and biological make up.
I did had and still do, to achieve my goals in arts, music, design, writing. We all
have 24 hours a day and it’s how you these hours.
Through the collective experiences, I learnt far more about myself, in
experiencing rather than waiting.
Through experiencing, I learnt a lot about myself and even though I have learnt a
great deal, I can say right now, in my 40’s, you will never learn everything about
yourself but you will become grounded, have far more instinct, can feel more,
have a greater understanding of behaviour of yourself, of your emotions, of your
strengths and weakness, and other people too.
Also, you will get an deeper understanding of the diﬀerent types of personalities
to the fake ones, to the diﬀerent types of games people play, to also vast practical
sexual experience in pleasuring lovers, to high conﬁdence, high self esteem, to
advanced social and conversation skills and so much more.
For example…
I do meet shallow and callow woman - young inexperience and immature girls
who have this superiority complex in their head thinking they are already there. I
ﬁnd out later who they are through a span of time to be turned oﬀ. It’s like
everything inside me switch oﬀ.

I get so sick in my stomache, I mean really sick that I have to block without saying
anything. Not a second can I ever converse with such women when my intuition
is ringing like crazy.
By shhallow I mean, a lack of depth, it’s made up, fake empathy, every
conversation is attention seeking and I feel no value from it. It’s one sided and
unbalanced.
People sometimes don’t change but their mask fall of to see for real who they are,
and I hope one day they will grow but you won’t have that trust and feel it,
without lots of experience.
Most of all, you won’t be self aware if you always in the comfort zone and
unfortunately, this is one of the biggest reasons why today, many young girls and
guys, grow older with lack of udnerstanding how to sociallly interact, have a true
understanding of communication with people, and are in a bubble.
They don’t see the world and stay put and that worked years ago but today, if you
want to succeed, you then need other people’s help which means you need to
outreach, engage the world or you will ﬁnd yourself in trouble, due to lack of
resources and lack of connections.
For example, one skill when I say “consistent open communication is imporant,”
that doesn’t mean texting, phone, talking a lot of shit and about anything. If a
person does that then be ready for whoever you talk to will lose respect of you,
will see you are selﬁsh and all about yourself.
People don’t care about what you know and your life until they know how much
you care about them.
It means, knowing the person’s personality, their emotional language and
connecting in that way and so, it is not about talking about your problems,
negativity, and how hard life is hard, and what you eat today and but truly
connecting, arousing, capturing the other person’s emotions and leading his
imagination. To be invested in their life and they will do so with you. That’s what
I mean by consisent open communication.
You cannot communicate the way one does on facebook like an attention Junkie
or Instrageam with a lover, text..text..text which is empty, lacks empath, lacks
emotional intelligence.
Unfortunately, many leave school knowing all the facts but lack these type of
knowledge and skill, and they cannot be attained by not engaging, learning,
being part of relationships, and growing, socialising, and even dating.
You learn a lot about yourself when you date, a great deal than not dating.
It is also not easy to be in a relationship. You ﬁrst need to attract someone and
that may happen, but you may ﬁnd that person dissappears in a week. It’s not
easy because there is a lot to learn and if you learn it later, you will have a
mountain to learn.
You will make mistakes and mistakes are good because you learn more.
No one knows everything about themselves.
Even in my 40’s I am still learning a lot about myself and evolving.
That is why, my answer is no and use what you know now of what you feel you
know about yourself and be prepared to evolve, grow, as you learn, make
mistakes, fail, achieve and pick up lessons to become more self aware of your
“self.”
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't men express their feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. We are punished with feeling guilty about what we were open with when
expressing our feelings, what aches us.
2. We get the silent treatment like the way they do it to their mummy,
daddy and think it works on men who they are attracted to. Oh they
pretend it’s not a silent treatment but it is. Making exucses that we said
it’s ok to not talk for a while but this is diﬀerent context.
3. I have done this before, in which I shared my feelings, and what happens
is most of time if not always, the woman starts making it about her and
making it where to try to devalue the man, make him feel guilty, and
makes a man to want to apologise, like he asked for something HUGE.
Instead of listening, asking more questions.
It’s ﬁne when women doesn’t communicate for a week but this was a
diﬀerent content, crucial for ﬂow of consistent communication, but
instead they go silent for 2–3 days.
4. So we ﬁnd ourselves always, in which we now we apologise because what
we expressed made the woman cry, so sad, when really they needed to
listen, ask more questions so we can speak more. That there is a
relationship builder, it’s what brings man and woman closer.
5. Then the awkwardiness sets in and attraction dies and it opens my eyes,
this person is not ready for a relationship. Time to move on.
6. Too many rules, bullshit and as for honesty to be the best policy, it can it
doesn’t mean that at all. I am not going to open as easy as that. Many
women see it as weakness, they see it as an attack on them, they see their
“own insecurities” and make it that it is all about them. Most just can’t
get oﬀ their pedestal and listen.
So I am not going to open up that easy.
Been there, done it.
I’ll just hire a therapist if I need to talk about all the deep stuﬀ.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do men really have "needs"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, though sex is at the top you might not believe this here…
1. Crave to be able to open up to say how we feel without being feeling
guilty about it and without hearing woman saying “Oh I am not perfect
you know and..I am sorry but..” We are saying our feelings, sharing our
inner most deepest desire and aching pain. We don’t want guilt, shame
and judgement. We want ears and mind, heart to just…listen and ask
questions….questions…questions..so we can talk more of how we feel.
2. We got a lot of pain inside but we are not asked about it because the
woman talks too much about herself - and - ﬁnd they got lots of troubles,
so we best not add to that and keep it shut inside. The scars are deep,
memories swim and replay before our eyes like a movie. We cannot
escape it only if we can talk but we look around, and everyone expects us

to be tough, the warrior, and so we be that warrior in life and not talk
about it and carry it on through the years to come.
3. We cry while no one can see us, even when everything is going right and
sometimes, our world is really dark, we are ﬁghting against world that is
trying to change and ﬁx our natural instinct, whether it is sexual and
whether it is just be a man pursuing his goals.
4. Because some of us are seen as rebels when really, we just want to live
our lives doing what make us feel alive. And though some of us have
huge social circle, we cannot feel deepness in being able to be really
intimate and so, some of us crave for the touch, the gaze in our eyes, the
hug, and to hear “everything is going to be alright,” a lot.
5. Because some of us are battling for a dream for years, we wish we can
talk about it but woman won’t shut up about herself, her problems, the
negativity, what she don’t like about world, what she eat, how she’s so
hungry for something, how someone did that to her or this. On and on,
so we don’t bother. So much so the emotions even with someone we are
attracted to spills over so much we see and feel, she isn’t the one as she’s
has demonstrated she is too into herself and we move on. Sometimes
without saying a word.
6. And you may see a man smiling, having fun, like myself a Gemeni, but
really a lot of sadness and pain swims inside,and we wish we could just
sleep in a woman’s arms and for her to not say a word but if we do we are
seen as “predators.”
7. Some of us get to a point where we are tired of..living and we wish we can
talk, talk, talk about it.
So sex is big but really there are far more other things that most don’t see and feel
as we hide it.
Like a sadness swimming in us and we have carried it for a very long time. If you
wait, you’ll see it, we’ll stare somewhere in that silent moment,even when there is
busy and noise around us.
If a woman is not busy talking about herself or asking..
“I bet he is a player and just wants sex..”
Or if a woman stop talking about herself and seeing us as an enemy and predator
and ask questions about us, deep questions, you’ll then hear us saying but we will
be watching, observing if we can trust you, if you change your behaviour, if you
dissappear for a few days.
If you do, we see it for what it is and detach from you to never see us again. You
just dissappointed us like most people.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

My girl told me she's been thinking a lot about us and that she
needs to talk to me soon. She still hasn't. Should I text her just
to check on her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called
“Conversation game.”
Now text her back with this..
You - OMG baby! I fucked up real bad.
Her - What? What happened

You - Oh nothing. Just forgot to put sugar in my tea
She’s either..
1. Wants to break up
2. Wants more attention
3. Wants MUCH more attention
4. Wants SO MUCH MORE attention
Just pick up phone and when she’s done…if it’s not about breaking up…say this
afterwards…
“Hey baby, listen. I don’t like conversation games. If you got something to say just
say it. Don’t text me like that and keep me hanging because it fucking pisses me oﬀ.”
14.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should I be less available even when he initiates hanging out if I
want him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The last time a woman did that, I forgotten her.
The last time a woman didn’t respond to text for two days and knowing she
checked, when it was a crucial moment as it was now a diﬀerent context…got
blocked and moved on. And thats when I really was into her and loved her. Never
take things for granted we will always be available.
The last time a woman also waited a week, I was already dating her friend, who I
met by accident while going shopping. She is now gutted.
So here’s what you can do and a lot faster and productive….
You call him and..ask him out, not hang out, you really ask him out and not with
friends or anyone else but you and him.
Be direct with him.
Get to the point and if no, you can then move on.
12.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why did this girl swear at me and tell me to go away when I said
to her "Do you want to have some fun"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here we go…
Guy - Do you want to have fun
Decoded - Do you want to fuck?

Guy - Are you adventureous or shy?
Decoded - Are you sexually avaialble or one of those weirdos who thinks sex
happens when you do it on 3rd date?

Girl - I look at guys personality
Me - Not interested.

Girl - Huh? Why?
Me - I don’t date desperate women who see relationship instantly or frame it and
we haven’t dated, had sex, and all that
Girl - How did you know I want a relationship?
Me - (looking at her)
Girl - OK. I am looking for a serious relationship and..
Me - Not interested. You’re the ﬁxer and changer type. Bye.

As you can see. It’s all in the lingo and you’re talking to wrong type of girl with
that lingo.
You can relax and read this famous cracking answer that was collapsed…to get
your head round the lingo when girls talk to you..
Adam Taha's answer to Why are there so many questions complaining about men
not chasing women anymore?
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

What's more real to you, your feelings or facts?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Which do you value more, facts or feelings?

Feelings.
I can get facts from anywhere. I can get negativity, to facts on world, science and
so on. I don’t care what someone knows until I know how much they care. I am
not attracted to someone because of facts in begining but how I feel about
someone, that I am attracted to them.
The facts come later but even then, I don’t want to bored hearing facts and
droning on about world, life and all that. I’m in my 40s, I’ve lived a big life, I got
ton of facts and so for me feeling is far more important and facts…I can get facts
myself anyway.
That’s why I stay away from women who think intelligence is how much they
know. I am more interested in emotonal intelligence, how I feel.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Is texting for real men or just for boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Boys sends text.
Men sends message that stimulates her mind and arouses.
Boys sends safe text.
Men sends messages to make her smile and her body tingle.
Boys send supplicating text.
Men send energy to make her pussy wet and her whole body feels an
amazing rush of shockwaves.
Boys send messages to get attention
Men send a rhythm that makes her heart and race to capture her
emotions..

Boys send good night messages
Men ignites her imagination to compels her whole body to quiver with
excitement and anticipation of what’s to come.
Boy asks for sex
Man is getting ready because she’s begging him to come right now for
sex.
Boy texts
Man seduces
From a man in his 40s.
11.6k Views · View Upvoters

A boy I really have feelings for altogether stopped talking to
me, does that mean he no longer reciprocates feelings? What
can I do? Is it too late?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s never too late.
If he stopped, or blocked, or whatever, it can be various reasons as we don’t see
the conversations.
The key is - how much does he mean to you, how much you like him?
If he means a lot, then ﬁnd a way and send one message but make it upbeat.
Avoid negativity, depending on personality, it does our head in and if we ﬁnd the
texting or talk is becoming too pally, platonic, friend, and we’re into someone, it
becomes frustrating, and that’s even when we’re in a relationship, and so we lose
interest and move on.
We take it as a hint, the ﬁre is gone and we would have said already what we feel
and want, to warn of it but if a girl doesn’t listen, stuck in her ways, cannot
appreciate the value that is before her, and if she comes back with complaints, or
apologies and nothing changes afterwards in a day or so - we got the message.
The message, we are not that important for her to listen and meet middle ground.
Apologies don’t mean anything if action isn’t shown. They become just words
and empty.
Let him know, the ﬁre isn’t gone if it means a lot to you.
We don’t know the conversation you had, how it was left.
For example..
Did he get hurt for sharing something about what he felt and it was
thrown back at him, to feel guilty and apologise for it?
Did you ignore when he was ﬂirting like it was nothing, repeatedly?
Did you tease sexually but didn’t deliver? Teasing like that really pisses
of guys and it is a big turn oﬀ.
Did you dissappear for some days, saw his message and ignored when it
was a critical moment he needed reassurance?
Was the conversation nothing about him but all about you?
Was it upbeat, ﬂirtatious or was it usual repitional talk about life and
hard life is, and what you did? Was you talking about crushes, ex and
who was checking you out?

Did you repeatedly sent messages or faceto face to talk negativity often
about anything, or people, or life, work, studies?
Or did you see something that wasn’t really there?
It can be anything or it can be a build up in which the guy suddenly believes,
maybe it’s best to move on.
We won’t know but whatever it is, it’s never too late to at least try.
If a girl doesn’t and ﬁghts for it, well, we know from our end as guys, we weren’t
that of a big deal anyway. If bliocking or whatever, prevents you, then we know,
you weren’t that into us anyway.
It’s not logical, is it?
Attraction is never logic but feelings in being desired.
When a guy feels he isn’t, he pulls back, way back as he would have put so much
time in ﬂirting, talk, texts, all sorts and nothing really of substance came back to
him. It wasn’t balanced.
It’s why 99% of the time we move on.
We rarely leave without giving it our all but if we feel nothing that turns us on
comes back to us, meh, we move on. Beauty is very common, but someone who
really desires someone for real, and passionate about it and shows it consistently,
isn’t that common.
We ﬁnd most of time the younger the woman is, the more insecure she is and
more into herself to get attention rather than arousing they guy. There’s always
that suspcioun and when we get a hint of it or when you tell us you didn’t trust us
and we did all that eﬀort way back, just know that can build up for us to wonder a
lot about it and…we move on.
It’s not pleasant when we ﬁnd out we weren’t trusted and so we decide best to
move on as the girl wasn’t really honest with us.
Just talk to him or contact him and see what happens from there but keep it
upbeat, fun not serious and drama.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

If you have ever been to Paris, what's your opinion about
French people?
Adam Taha, I travel to paris to work with producers for my songs often
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ve been to Paris, south of france, got lots of people I know there and I also have
lovers there but it’s not often that I go. I used to but I have a lot of work now with
my business I am doing in uk.
My opinon
1. They are friendly
2. Sociable
3. Love the women. Not all but many I met down for sex on ﬁrst meeting no
problem.
4. They love food! I love food! which means I can cook tons and they’ll eat
and love it. I am a very awesome cook, Was a chef years ago
5. I also like how the can chill with wine and talk a lot. I don’t drink but
they got used to asking.. “Hey want a cuppa tea?” Haha, I love my tea.

6. They have certain values and paris is packed with lots of people working.
It’s why I like going further into South of France.
In other part of France, it is very negative, judgmental, lots of skeptical folks but
overall, my experience has always been great.
I am going again in a couple of weeks, to south of france.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do many boys, who are strangers, stare at me when I walk
past?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. They see someone pretty
2. They see someone good looking
3. They see someone beautiful
4. They see someone attractive
5. They see someone who makes feel life is awesome
6. They saw a ﬂy whizzing about and you was there
7. They saw a poster on opposite side of the street
8. They heard your high heels or shows clunk..clunk..clunk
9. They see, they look, it is natural state of human being to look at what
moves,
And probably you are self conscious and low self esteem and so you question
your looks or something else.
Now the question..
They want to know, why do you look at them too because only one noticing that
boys and strangers are looking is when…the person themselves is looking at them
:)
You see what you want to see.
Emotional bias.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if I ask a guy out for coﬀee and he says “No
problem. Thanks for the text. I'm seeing someone though"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He has replied saying he likes to but he has also revealed the boundaries so there
is no miscommunication of intent.
Good man.
He is honest and is just letting you know on what the relationship is between you
and him is which is…platonic, friendship or associate and nothing else.
He doesn’t want to mess you around and just letting you know early on so there
isn’t any misunderstanding of intent. He’s in a relationship already.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so hard to get over a girl that didn't like you that way?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. You’re bottling it in. You need to talk to someone you can trust. Believe
me mate, that feeling you got swimming in your gut, chest, it will lessen
dramatically. Talk to someone as much as you can who can take it. This
is why girls use guys as emotional tampon to talk about ex. It drains all
that out real fast.
2. Go out and don’t stay home. When relationship ends, it doesn’t take me
long to get over them. The reason is, I am excited in building my goals,
dreams and I am right now so excited you won’t believe. That also helps.
I got a lot to live for and I don’t see it I lost anything but I got value and
they won’t experience that value anymore.
That doesn’t mean I didn’t love the women that just didn’t work out. It
just means I got to a lot to live for and life is exciting. They didn’t see that
value and so, I now take it away from them and move on.
3. Hit the gym and hit the weights. You’ll feel better doing something for
yourself that you know will have results no one can take away from you,
no matter who comes or leaves. I have been hitting gym and already got
my six packs, my shape is now growing great and well, it’s pretty easy
getting girls in higher numbers, due to that and conﬁdence, skill etc.
But make sure you do number one.
Really important mate because it can eﬀect your health.
It’s natural what you’re going through but you really do need to let it out, talk to
someone you can trust and you’ll feel instantly, a lot of emotional pressure has
gone.
The ﬁrst one might be diﬃcult as we guys ﬁnd it really hard talking about our
feelings due to conditioning but also, we’ve experienced when we did, it was
thrown back at our face with guilt, accusations and so we hold it in.
If you can ﬁnd a good friend to talk to and let all that out it will help you big time.
Chin up. You’ll get through this.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

At what number of followers on Quora are you considered
popular?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter.
You can have for example 127 votes on an answer and you got let’s say 9,500
followers, and the answer will be collapsed…like this one…
Adam Taha's answer to Why are there so many questions complaining about men
not chasing women anymore?
You can have 232 votes on an answer and have 9,500 followers and an answer will
be collapsed like this one…
Adam Taha's answer to I'm a girl. I'm going to be 18 in a few days and I've never
kissed a boy. Is something wrong or am I just ugly?
That means Quora uses desire engines like voting not to say voice of mass
community is important but policy is important.

So voting is really useless. Just serves as an addictive type of desire engine and so
does the notiﬁcations. for you to come back again and again.
It really doesn’t matter if you got 10,000 followers or 100,000.
Popular means nothing here.
If policy of quora says blah blah, they collapse your answer as they value their
own brand values.
Best then you have a strategy that goes beyond quora while still using it so you
beneﬁt in real currency and productivity of your brand.
Still, it’s a pretty awesome platform but sure going to move fast building my own
though after seeing that lately.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How should someone respond to being told they're ugly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: If someone walked up to you and told you that you looked ugly, how would
you respond?

Guy - You’re ugly
Me - I accept your faulty perception of me
Girl - You’re ugly
Me - I accept your false perception of me
;)
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a girl. I'm going to be 18 in a few days and I've never kissed a
boy. Is something wrong or am I just ugly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you
1. Haven’t kissed a guy
2. If you haven’t fucked a guy
3. If you haven’t given a blow job
4. If you haven’t done 22 sex positions and there’s more by the way
5. If you haven’t had your pussy eaten
6. If you haven’t had all what most you read and friends tell you
7. If you haven’t walked into a sex shop
8. If you haven’t gone on tumblr and looked at those sexy sex gifs
9. If you haven’t had cream crackers with butter dipped in tea <<you got to
try this. It’s awesome when watching Matrix again
10. If you haven’t created an Instagram account
11. If you haven’t posted a dumb shit pouting selﬁe or that look to make you
seem intelligent in some thought while naked but only showing face and
above breasts…. on facebook
12. If you haven’t yet got all A’s in your grade
13. And admitted to Harvard or a Cambridge
14. If you haven’t been elected to be the President of America

15. If you haven’t jumped oﬀ a plane and parachuted like a gangster
16. If you haven’t produced a number 1 album
17. If you haven’t worn a short skirt with no panties
18. If you haven’t masturbated
19. If you haven’t said hello to a guy
20. If a guy hasn’t said hello to you
21. If a guy hasn’t asked you out
22. If a girl didn’t have a crush on you yet
23. If no one gave you a compliment
Nothing, is wrong with you.
Now smile, go and live, have fun and do whatever you want.
20k Views · View Upvoters

Does sexual past really matter? You meet someone you're really
into, but they have done some wild stuﬀ. Can the relationship
still be serious?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Their sexual past doesn’t matter and really shouldn’t even come into except if
you are conditioned with beliefs regarding religion, cultural, norms, or the
person has something against a certain gender and tries to think they can ﬁx and
change the person, OR sees sex as something bad,
The last thing for example, as a high sexual I need is being with someone who is
psycholoGIcally and biologically has low sex drive, or has some closed minded
idea abou sex or how doesn’t know how to engage ﬂirtious in conversation and
behaviour.
I have nothing against women as such but I do in hurting another person. It hurts
me that expecatons to such this extent cannot be met and I don’t want to hurt
another person again due to that. It’s emotioally draining and most of all, it really
something that’s heartfelt that I do not want to hurt another woman because of
this.
But they keep showig up and pretend in begining they are sexual to ﬁnd they are
not or at least come to basic understanding to meet middle ground. Many don’t
and so I’ve really had enough in that nowI am putting this right at the top of my
list.
Such people, can really mess up someone else’s psycological abd biological make
up because emotions can drain other people mentally and emotionally. Some
unintentional and some intentional and don’t realise damage it can do to
someone’s sexual drive.
So I have made 100% decision to stay away from any woman who has problem
regarding sex, who has insecurities talking about it, insecure about their body,
and being sexual, ﬂritatious, etc.
Recently I have made this completely solid decision from previous experieences.
I won’t have this now in my life, ever.
I will make sure my expectations are heard loud and clear ad if that does not
suﬃce the person, great. They can ﬁnd someone else and all the best to them. I
just cannot stand non sexual woman and women of low sex drive and who take
sex and all of it seriously like it’s something to be ashamed about or guilty about.

I worked on myself for years but I am not waiting for someone to do that for
themselves.
Apparently, they call me a Narcissist and bad boy for this .
Go ﬁgure.
The high sexual or the one who has amazing experience with sex, doesn’t mean
they can’t be serious. It means they have alot to oﬀer knowledge wise, sex wise,
relationship wise far more than someone who hasn’t much experience.
If this bothers you, I would strongly advise to avoid starting anything with the
person. There are far too many people with warped ideas in seeing someone as a
challenge and want to change them.
There are also people who know someone is high sexual and so they use sex to
lure such people in to change and ﬁx them; and mess them up psychologically
and biologically because they are attracted to them.
When it doesn’t work they call the person who is high sexual and who walks away
as Narcissist or bad boy or player.
I wish people just leave us alone and stay where they are, and not bother us with
their norms, insecurituies about sex, feminism and all the rest of wars going on,
on this planet. Most of don’t care about people anyway but tehir agenda and leave
folks to just live our lives, the way we want and we love sex and how it makes us
feel.
If this is deal breaker then best to walk away and ﬁnd someone who is similar in
values as yours and move on.
Whatever they say to you on who they are and what they look for - take their word
for it. No one likes someone pretending it’s ok and then tries to change that
person.
I have already left 4 women in the last 3 weeks due to that. I know the red ﬂags.
They always have problems regarding sex. They always have problems about their
body and always make excuses about it.
It wasn’t easy.
It hurt because I was attracted to them but I saw in future in that sex will be a
huge problem and I felt they were trying to ﬁx and change who I am. They have
bitterness about men and it’s seen their topics and words.
It was very obvious as their behaviour changed from ﬂirtatious and later in
months, very small talk and avoiding being sexual and ﬂirtatious.
Best to ﬁnd someone who is compatible with you and your values, and be open
and detailed about it from the get go.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think that polyamory is a cowardly way to deal with
inability to create and maintain meaningful, long-lasting
relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Jul 28, 2017 · Upvoted by Claire J. Vannette, polyamorous since 2006 · Author
has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You really pushing it to believe in monogamy ;)
Seriously. I have been in relationship right now for 18 years. I am also in another
relationship too, 15 years. I can go on.

I doubt very much if someone can’t nurture one long term lasting relationship,
they’d be able to be in 2, 3, 4.
One will be far too diﬃcult for them as it is.
By the way…
I don’t live for anyone.
I will be there to encourage, support but no one completes me and I don’t
complete them. I don’t live for someone else.
I live for me and I am there for my lovers when they need my love and support.
If someone believes another person completes them, they need to see a therapist.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of things can you do to make yourself more
attractive to girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what you don’t need to….
1. You don’t need to cook
2. You don’t need to give her ﬂowers
3. You don’t need to buy her gifts
4. You don’t need to worry to say “I want to fuck you”
5. You don’t need to know how to dance
6. You don’t need to do 80% girls say you to do
7. You don’t need to do shit what most women tell you to do because NOT
ALL WOMEN are the same.
These are…relationship modes. Relationship.
That’s not attraction.
It is perceived value when it comes to attraction.
The rest you always hear from women is absolute value, for long-term
relationship advice and isn’t applicable for approaching, creating attraction to
dating and even sex.
Oh yes, I forgot…
You don’t even need to lie. That’s right. No lying is ever needed.
Lke to see what most women do when they don’t like reality and show we see
through such nonsense..
They vote it down to collapse the answer..
Adam Taha's answer to Why are there so many questions complaining about men
not chasing women anymore?
You want a woman who if you said..
“I want to fuck your ass..”
She will says “When?”
Then you approach that target audience.
If you want a woman where you say..

“oh science blah blah..”
And she says “Me too! Like to erm, meet?”
You approach that target audience.
If you want..
“I am into music blah blah, love house, hip hip, whatever,”
And she says, “Oh I’d like to do that…with you..”
You approach that target audience and every audience, every woman, is going to
be very…diﬀerent.
You know what most women do?
They ﬁnd someone who is high sexual, a bad boy or someone with looks and likes
women, and do the opposite.
They try to ﬁx and change him.
You don’t ever need to do that and if you avoid doing that you are already
removing a lot of future headaches and heartaches.
It won’t prevent break ups but the succes rate of a relationship for looking for
compatibility is now way up there!
You only ﬁnd out by doing your homework in going out there to that target
audience because if you ask any woman, who isn’t in that audience, you will get
1,000 diﬀerent answers and none will work.
Have you ever seen or heard a woman approaching 20 guys a week?
Have you ever heard lots of guys complain how so many girls approach them?
There we go.
SO RULE 1
You never adapt to every woman.
You stay as you are with just doing the obvious but also focusing on one target
audience type of woman because you need to learn a lot about this type of
woman as all women are diﬀerent.
If I took advice from my sisters, mother and other women on dating, I’ll be
screwed totally because everytime they talked, it was “relationship mode.”
You think a woman is gong to say..
“I love a man who makes my heart pound, by the way he has an ass, and big
chest..”
Of course not.
It be cooking, dancing, his eyes, he’s polite, nice, respects and doesn’t say this
and that..
These are relationship talk.
When you hear..
“I don’t go for looks but personality..”
That’s a woman looking for a relationship already.
If you listen very carefully you will hear what tells you to run..

“I think women have been oppressed by women..”
Decoded..
“Our relationship will be about me challenging you and you cannot tell me what to
do. I don’t like men and I am not that sexual..”
A guy where the girl is very attracted to, a lot he can do that is lame/crap and he
will be able to get away with it because she is very into him.
Here’s what to do from a guy who does it and gets results...
1. Raise your average look with hitting the gym.
You don’t need to be massive. It will help your face, give you the edge,
clean your face, make it brighter and you’ll look better in clothes. You’ll
look far stronger than now.
2. Look and Style of Clothes.
Take care of your look in regards to cleanliness and style of clothes. I
attract the amazing bad girls, sexually conﬁdent, hot for sex, love a guy
who got lots of sexual experience and know, I will eat their pussy so good
they orgasm again and again, and everything and anything of the fantasy
they got, is ﬁne by me. So I wear the clothes that is me and that attracts
these girls.
I don’t give a damn about nice girls, can’t stand them, can’t be bothered
with girls insecure about their body or sex. don’t ﬂirt, always switching
oﬀ attraction, cannot sexually talk and ﬂirt. Had enough of them. Not
interested!
I literally now tell these nice girs to fuck oﬀ out of my way. I’m not
interested in what they got to say or want.
They switch oﬀ your hard on real fast with boring shit talk, negaivity
and attention seeking ways.
So know what you want in a girl and you’ll know this and be true to this
and wear the style and look for this.
3. The 1–2 VERY important.
You can be average guy but you can boost your average look by the ﬁrst
too. You can boost your averages by 6 folds and it will matter as you’ll
soon see the diﬀerence of results.
4. Know what you want in a girl.
Know your tarrget audience. If you’re into a sexually conﬁdent girls, go
where they are. So know what you want in a girl and do not compromise.
Enough supplicating to women who want you to change and talk the way
they want to.
No more, This is the end of that from this day forward.
5. Approach 20+ girls a week and SCREEN them out.
See how this is diﬀerent to approaching and asking them out? It’s a
diﬀerent mindset and it’s not rejection anymore. It is you ﬁnding out if
she got what you desire and if not, screen her out.
You will know if you know how to do this right, who is available and who
isn’t in seconds! Don’t ask me how. That’s not information I give. It’s for
advance and who I coach. Paid clients.
And I promise you, if you approach 20 girls a week, doing that you will get a YES.
You’re asking women because you are unwilling to go and do the work, fearing

rejection and over thinking.
Putting them on a pedestal.
There is never a time where everything will perfect.
Forget being perfect.
Forget being smooth.
Just go and do now and the more you do now consistently, the further you will be
ahead of many guys and girls who cannot see you, are irrelevant to your life and
not important to even think about.
The one who sees you for you, will say Yes and will not try to ﬁx you or hold back
her sexuality with you.
The longer you wait, the longer you keep asking women, the more frustrated you
will be because you’re not doing the work.
You will not grow with experience and heart breaks, but it will all prepare you far
more with real time information to get better, stronger and far more prepared.
Go out and do.
The world is waiting for you to engage it and make ton of mistakes to get better at
what you want to do and achieve.
You want to take advice from them, then ask how to eat pussy as they are a master
of that. They know their shit about that for real.
15k Views · View Upvoters

One of my friends always asks to hang out with my girl. What
do I do?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jul 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friend - hey can I hang out with your girlfriend?
Me - Let me introduce you to someone. This is Lexi
Friend - OH SHIT! She’s
Me - Yes, hot, sexy and…she’s into you
Friend - You’re kidding me
Me - Nop. Now, do you like to hang around my girlfriend or..
Friend - Nah man. Can you get me and her, you know..
Me - Sure mate. Look there’s a party I am doing, come along, and I’ll introduce
you to her, alright
Friend - awesome
9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I leave a quick impression?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It takes under 3 seconds for people to judge you. No matter what your friends,
relatives, teachers or anyone says.
Take a look at this and what sensation do you feel?

Now take a look at this…and what do you feel now?

Here’s what you need to know about ﬁrst impressions..

For the average man and woman, this is a power they can use if they use it wisely.
You’re not just a face or body, but someone who can still project sensations,
feelings if you know how to position yourself with what you wear.
The ﬁrst is perceived value which is where people or social group “assume” who
you are and where you are in the rank of any social group. The clothes you wear
creates a sensation in them.
it can be fear or happy, avoid or valuable to know, curious or waste of time.
Getting attention is not equal. There is attention and keeping someone’s
attention and for them to keep connected with you later on.
These sensations (feelings) comes from survival mode in which people see how
valuable you can be to them.
It always starts with…how you dress…style and look.,,

It is perceive value not absolute value.
Absolute value comes with time when a person starts communicating with you
and begins to see your world. It is your degree, qualiﬁcations, what you know, job,
wealth, career.
But these must be pushed aside including any brochures, leaﬂets, CDs or
business cards to hand out because the ﬁrst is perceived value. The sensation,
feelings of wanting to know more of you.
Leave these out and focus on creating a feeling, a sensation in the other person to
want to know more about you.
You’re walking in a business environment…and if two walk in right now, wearing
certain style and look, what will be the sensations in people in under 3 seconds..
What is your feelings?
Forget the look of face, and colour of photo, see the clothes…and it’s a business
environment and everyone wearing suits..

I did a test for my friends to see and the girls who were telling them, looks don’t
matter and yet..none of these girls are dating them.
I made sure not to shave, got myself a hoody and street gear, so I dressed down a
lot. I walked into one of those luxury shops.
Here’s what happened..
1. The security became alert and followed but from a distant
2. I looked in the mirrors as I walked and sure enough, eyes on me
3. I walked up to next ﬂoor and he followed later and kept watching
4. Not one assistant asked me for help
5. The hottest women there avoided me to ask others if they need
assistance
The same day, I shaved and put on my other type of clothes and this time.
I went with one of my lovers who also dressed up.
Imagine both of us dressed like this and walking into that same expensive
luxury shop…

The moment we walked in, this happened…
1. Security smiling and didn’t follow
2. The hottest women working there came running (they get comission
from sales) That means we are now value to them and the image we
projected reveals “they got big money to spend.”
3. No expense was left to make us feel welcomed with smiles, asking how
we are, what we are looking for, and as the assistant showed us around,
she asked where we are from, and etc etc
My friends watched and saw the big diﬀerence.
Looks matter. I don’t mean your looks as beauty but the Perceived Value you
project out in world with…your…appearances, the clothes you wear, the style
because that will say a lot in under 3 seconds.
1. Look + Style of clothes
2. Conﬁdence. You’re ability to connect with people
3. Status. The Percieved value on how people rank you in their social group
4. Swag - How you after 3 seconds position yourself in the Hierachy of that
place you just stepped in and the social group.
One and two - judged in seconds
Conﬁdence, is judged with how you interact with others
Status, is how can you eﬀect their status in their social group and that happens in
minutes of interacting with them.

Can you be valuable to them to get a share of the power to position themselves
higher in the social group they are in?
You can be a nobody but if you got the look and style, you have projected status.
Fourth, SWAG, the impression you have left behind, which will decide what
position you are in the social group or society, to which they will decide to want
to know more of you or…not.
That fourth decides if they want to know more of you, date you, do business with
you.
16.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I not good at anything?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jul 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is my mum…and the guy next to her is me, aged 17 years old. Yes, I have a
beard. Let’s say I grew faster than most…

She died not long ago, I don’t know exact date, as I try to block it out of my mind.
It’s diﬃcult for me to share this with you right now.
Yes, Bad Boys do have soft spot for their parents.
We rage through the world, we will dump a woman on the spot if she fucks with
us, but our mum, well, very diﬀerent story altogether.
Why am I sharing this with you?
I later found out after she died, she didn’t care about what I worried about. That
she knew I was dating multiple lovers, fucking women, not following the religion,
culture and I didn’t want to become a surgeon.
I had and still have the mind, the ﬁngers, hands, to be one.
She told my sister before she died..
That she only wished…I….visited…her…more often.
And this was the time, a week after, in which I left. The last meal I had with her
and all rest of my brothers and sisters, around the table.
She wasn’t happy because mum’s, they can feel and know you will ﬂy soon…

In all my regrets, it wasn’t being a surgeon.
It was this…I didn’t visit her often.
It chokes me when I speak about her or even think about. It’s really heavy as I
missed many an opportunities to call her but I didn’t do enough of it. I really was
a shit son in that way.
I regret it deeply and nothing in world I can ever do to ﬁx it.
Nothing.
I probably, no, I did, fail in every aspect of being her son but she didn’t fail in
being my mum. The door was always open for me, always.
No matter what I did, the door was always open.
How I am going to live with this I don’t know. I wish I wasn’t sensitive, emotional
and cared too much but I do regarding this.
If I could ﬁx anything, this would be it and the world can burn for all I care but I
can’t. It’s gone.
For me my work focused on a diﬀerent world. To become a writer, an artist, and
who grew to have many talents in that I can turn anything to gold….money.
I knew words, but words like no man can learn from school or university, and nor
the books you ﬁnd online.
A way in which you behave and converse to a woman, and she be in bed that
same night, or I can text and make a woman dripping wet, orgasm and want to
have sex on the ﬁrst date.
I couldn’t after all, say to my mum, that’s what my talent is.
I couldn’t say, this is what makes me feel far more alive than really anything else,
and learning to be better at it and teaching others to do the same.
Through it, many relationships were saved, marriages, and many lives on the
brink of disaster, even sucide, were also saved.
I was out there in world but I didn’t do one one thing that mattered the most.
My regret will always be…
I didn’t visit her enough times.
In fact, everyday, this haunts me the most.
I am not scared of people, or crowd, or give a fuck on how they see me regarding
women or sex, and how I create videos that are sexual and the way I write.

I have come to terms how the world is.
I am sick of the world in a sense of it’s hyppocrisy but I have come to terms with
how the world is.
But I do care about this…
I wish I spent more time visiting her often.
It was only when she was gone, did I realise, she was an amazing woman, with a
big heart, who loved me deeply, who looked at me with awe, and not as a failure
in making her dreams or dad’s dream come true.
I was a success to her for many reason I only found out when she was gone.
I could give you steps about success and all that. Very easy for me to do and in
fact, it’s very easy for you to pick a book on it.
We all know, yes we do, we all know what we need to do to succeed.
I am a mentor and coach, in many diverse ﬁelds but I like to focus on dating and
sex. It’s what I am proud of and love doing.
I have always said to all who work with me…
“I do not teach you anything new. I but bring out what you ALREADY know to your
self-wareness. The rest is doing the work but this time with stellar focus and being
accountable to someone…yourself and your mentor.”
If you want to make your parents proud then know, they will miss your visits,
they will miss more of this than you can ever imagine, than all the money in the
world and degrees.
It doesn’t look like that at the moment but it’s all because of your script, that
movie running in your mind and that they don’t know how to express this truth
to you in a way you can understand as yet.
But if something happens to you, they’ll be there and leave everything in a shot,
without thinking twice about it.
For some of us, we learn this fast.
For others, like myself, unfortunately, we learn it far too late.

There are somethings in life you can amend.
There are somethings in life you can correct.
There are mindsets and framing you can shift to a diﬀerent way in
achieving whatever success means to you.
But there is one thing you can never do and never get back.
I will never be able to remove this dark spot inside of me and I will always carry it
and probably, to teach others this lesson.
It weighs heavy on my shoulders.
Feels like a mountain is on them and when I visited her and walked away, it felt
my shoulders were lighter, like all the heavy feeling gone.
I can fuck up with my mum, and she’d forgive.
If I ever blocked her,she would look for me everywhere. She won’t ﬁve a shit. She
will look for me and show me that I am loved. She will show me forgiveness.
Do that to a woman, not your mother, but the ones who are infatuated by you and
who say they love you more than the world and all in it.
You will ﬁnd all they see is your fuckups.
They will quit on you so fast you won’t believe.
Not my mum.

She saw more than I saw in myself.
When your parents are gone, whether they were good at it or bad at it…you will
never have the chance again to amend, to apologise, to thank or correct anything
and change anything with them.
That chance to explain anything or get it oﬀ your chest is gone.
When they are gone..they are gone and it is like the cord from them to you that
appeared when you was born, is cut.
All connection is now gone.
And now you are alone, facing this wretched world and a world ﬁlled with
ugliness and beauty, and nothing seems the same anymore.
I needed to share that with you so you have a perspective of a diﬀerent
reality before we go further with this…

Have you ever noticed your neices, nephews or anyone else’s children on how
they just don’t care and play with anything, and seem so happy?
They can create a world just using anything around them.
As I watched my neices, they only had the world around them, ﬂowers, plants,
pebbles, and they are always curious.
I look up on the wall and see the photo of my mum and I know they miss her as
she spent a lot of time with them.
One thing I noticed which I love seeing as it is part of me…
They just don’t care who is looking and they are not doing it to measure or size
themselves up to someone else.
Most of all…
They don’t care if I failed or succeeded in life.
All they care about is their Uncle…shows…up.
I didn’t show up for my mum but I will for them. Make the mistake once, ﬁne.
Make the mistake twice, you’re pushing it.
Make it again, you really need to wake up now.
Moment I show up, I get this amazing greetings from them.

They run,smile, scream and jump on me and then pull me in to whatever they are
doing. Then ask who is the new tall red haired woman I brought along. One of my
lovers.
They take her hand and pull her away from me and ask tons of questions as she
looks nervously at ﬁrst and then burst out laughing.
My nieces are ever so curious about everything and it’s something I always
remind myself everyday or as much as possible to do.
There are is a lesson in what I just shared with you and in which I also have learnt
and still do everytime I visit them.
1. Everyone has 24 hours a day
It doesn’t matter if a person is rich or poor. Educated or not. Black or
white. American, British, Arab, Indian, or African. All of us in this world
have 24 hours a day.
How you use it is going to matter and if you use it wisely, you achieve
much in your life.
Everyone has 24 hours but everyone doesn’t have 10, 20, 40, 50 or a 100
years to live. None of us know when we depart this world. So know what
matters the most now and what matters is what you can give without
even money or degrees - TIME!
And know, it’s not just the TIME but how you connect with someone so
it’s not all about you which is what we call “engaging” the mind of others
to share of themselves to you.
2. Avoid Comparing yourself to others
You are looking into the mirror, the video, a movie replaying of someone
else’s life and you are looking at the audience. They have worked hard as
you already said so and yet, you didn’t even take that wisdom yourself to
apply to your life. Maybe you failed at something but they too have failed
many a times.
It’s just you don’t see it and of course you won’t because same with
Hollywood movies - they cut out these parts as it makes the story too
long and not that dramatic and exciting.
3. Shift Your Lens to how you see your life
You seem to do a lot on how it looks like to other people. You seem to
want to do things that doesn’t last long - validation. That’s why you lose
motivation because it is an external one. External motivations don’t last
and burn out easily.
Reframe - I don’t know what I am good at” to “what makes me feel alive,”
and “what does success means to me?”
4. Have a Strategy
Look. You see a lot of people getting tons of votes. Many of them will
never achieve in the world out there. They do not have a strategy. I do
and so do some here.
You need to have a strategy, on how to get to where you want to go and
how you will overcome the obstacles. You want to ensure when the time
comes, you stand out from the rest when you are interviewed for a job or
when you launch a business.
5. It’s going to take hard work and smart work
You don’t see what makes those who are successful but what you want to

see. You don’t see their discipline, hard work, failure, frustrations,
keeping at it until they succeed. It takes hard work and smart work. Let
go of the fantasy and step into the real world.
6. Stay Curious
Always ﬁll your mind on that which will shine your ambitions brightly.
Invest in gathering information, knowledge, sparkly things for that you
want to achieve in. Be obssessed about it, immerse yourself in it, go
where it is, visit events for such things, meet people in that area of
industry you want to achieve in. Stay curious.
7. Show Up
Whether it is to study, whether it is to get the job done, whether it is to go
to class, whether it is to be always curious, amazed and fascinated by
what you are learning and…you always show up.
Show up even when you feel shit. Show up even when you’re tired. Show
up to make whatever you want to happen, happen. Show up!
8. Create Your Own Movie In Your Mind
This time, put the foundations in to create your own movie in your mind,
on what success is..to..you…(without) comparing yourself to anyone.

1. You can experience more success to big your self image up.
You can see your own movie, own path, what it looks like, how you are
going to do it and what you will do if you are faced with obstacles
within…your own mind. Your behaviour always follows your self image.
If your self image is small and your dream is big, it won’t happen. Make
your self image big ﬁrst in your mind, in your imagination, do it
consistently and the behaviour will follow to make the goals and your
success happen.
2. You can visualise and create your own story in your mind.
Be like a Director, a ﬁlm producers. Create your own script, your story,
you are the leading character. See all obstacles and how you will
overcome them and succeed.
3. Have clarity. Make it detailed.
You can see and feel what it suppose to feel like, smell like, hear it all and
see it within your mind.
4. Create your Own Blue Print of Success
Plan a path in your mind, see it all, fromt he begining on how you start,
to what you are going to do like you’re already doing it, right to you
crossing the ﬁnish line and what to do next.
5. Now Find Mentor and Coach
Find someone who is where you want to be or has the expertise
knowledge to help you move forward. Show the Mentor what you want to
achieve.

You need to do the work in showing you mean business. We don’t believe
in talk. Show what you have done.
Be ready to learn from them, put the hard work in, humble and
accountable. Respect their time and expertise.
I hope you avoid making the mistake I made. Show up to your parents, bad or
good, do it for yourself.
The pain and loss will be greater than you imagine if you don’t do so and you
cannot turn back time when they are gone.
42.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it my fault that I have a crush on a married professor who
noticed my feelings but also acted single until he wore a
wedding ring on only 1 day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This here is irrelevant..
“professor who noticed my feelings but also acted single until he wore a wedding
ring on only 1 day…”
It’s not relevant because though people do get infatuated by someone, whether
one is married or not, what matters is you still have a choice on what you do with
your feelings. That you now know more information and got clarity, on where he
is and where you are.
We can’t control how we fall for someone but we do have a choice in whether you
follow through or not.
Anything else is but passing the buck in a sense, that we are not responsible for
our own actions.
There is no fault.
It’s feelings. It’s emotions. They are real. Sparks ﬂy but we can’t say we didn’t
make the decision for whatever action that follows.
You know he’s married and now you got the data to not follow through with any
action but to walk away.
3k Views · View Upvoters

How do silent men get girlfriends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was late at night, decided to go out. As I was walking through the centre, a
woman was trying to light up her cigarette.
I walked past her but then I gave a Hmm feeling.
You know, like “ok. Ok. Fuck sake.I’l give her my lighter.”
I walked back and gave her the lighter. She said thanks. I gave a grunt. I take the
lighter back and as I was walking oﬀ she asks…
“I’m new in city. Do you know any good clubs.”
I nod and use my head to sign to follow.

She follows and…keeps on talking…talking…talking…talking…and I keep saying
nothing but grunt…hmm, nod..,until I get to the club I was thinking of going to.
She walks in with me and I get a drink, she does too.
I see a table, I go there.
She stands where she is, then she looks and I nod for her to come over and she
does. She sit and says nothing.
After drinking…I look at her, she looks at me, I put my hand forward,and she
grabs it and we go to dance ﬂoor and dance, and dance closer,…
closer….closer….grinding now….deep grinding, hand on her ass, kissing now…and
then we go back to table, and we repeat.
Later, I want to leave, I take my hand out…she takes it, we leave together and
head to…my place.

Another time is where I met the lover who has been with me for 18 years. I date
other women too.
I was walking into univeristy night club.
I saw her dancing and lots of guys around her. I just walk right to her, and dance.
You can’t say anything on dance ﬂoor.
It is more subcommunication.
You projecting conﬁdence in your body and eye contact, physical contact.
I danced and she turns round,but I keepo dancing, she turns round.
She pretends to not see my face but I stare right into her eyes and she looks away,
but dances close, and after 10 mins we are now dancing close, my hands on her
waiste, and now we dancing real close, closer, grinding now..
I got some drinks and later, when music was over, and it was closing, I took her
hand and we walked outside. One of my friends was there and he drove me to her
place, we kissed outside.
I was to meet her next day or so, and we did.
We’re still together and it’s longer than other relationships I am in which is 18
years.
As you can see, it’s not what you say.
It’s HOW…you…say it and I said it with my body language and just conﬁdence,
knowing what to do.
The challenge with guys is…they put women on pedestals, thinking they got to
say somethig, when really you don’t most of the time.
There are situations where words are not needed.
So…put yourself in these situations. Create them. Create the opportunities to be
in these situations.
You won’t need to say much.
26.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why isn't there cute or decent guys to look at?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because the person themselves isn’t much to look at.
So we see from a distant and run, opposite direction as fast as we can.
We bad boy’s call it the Medusa eﬀect.
We’d freeze and feel our hard on dicks shrivel and turn to stone.
That’s why we are somewhere else, where we want is far sexier, hot, charismatic
and where we do get a hard on…real…fast.
There we go.
Now you know.
363 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my boyfriend always grab my ass?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget about the ass part.
You got bigger problems.
If a girl can’t ﬁgure out how to chose a guy who is compatible to her values, she
has far more bigger problems than her boyfriend grabbing her ass.
Which meams, she is choosing guys for nothing more than the looks rather than
what her values say.
I grab my girlfriend’s ass all the time and I make sure, she isn’t the type who can’t
lighten up. I cannot stand such type of women.
If she isn’t a lover type we won’t even meet, never mind dating and relationship.
I grab, slap her ass and do far more than that with my lovers….
1. I grab my lover’s ass
2. Pin to wall and feel her breasts
3. Have my tongue roll all over her breasts
4. Go down on my lover while licking and kissing, and caressing.
5. Eat my lover’s pussy
6. Turn her around, spread those delicous cheeks of hers, lick, suck and eat
her pussy. I go real deep, face right in there and ﬁnger as well.
7. Until she is screaming the roof down, her thighs damp, legs quivering,
feel like the legs going to cave in
8. And grab, throw onto my shoulder as she screams and laughs
9. Thrown on her onto bed
10. Tie her up
11. Mouth gag
12. and eat her pussy real deep, face in there, mouth all over,
13. And then we ride.
We don’t go oﬀ saying..
“This is my body..”
“OOh! Can I suck your cock?”
“Can I erm, eat your pussy, fuck you, touch you..?”

You don’t want that then…
Choose your man wisely because the problem is you.
You’re the one who selected and chose to be with the guy and you’re still with
him. Didn’t set some boudaries or open to the guy from day one what you are not
into. He isn’t going to know if it’s a problem for you.
If you don’t like it, talk to him and if he is same as he has always been, and is who
he is, then….ﬁnd someone else, instead of trying to ﬁx and change the guy to your
values.
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can you prove your love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can you prove your love?

If someone says…
“Prove your love to me.”
I will walk away and they will probably ask..
“But how is that proving your love?”
My reply will be..
“I love you enough to walk away so you can have the fucking sense, to wake up
from your illusion to believe…love is enough. Now you know.”
That’s how I prove my love.
Love is not enough. It never is and never will be.
If it was enough, I won’t need to prove it.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

If you had the ability to save humanity, but, it might cost you
your life, what would you do?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I had super powers.If I had healing powers. If I had whatever power.
Believe me, before I can even cure one, I will be fucked. Totally, utterly fucked
because moment the government knows, FBI knows and any of these nutters out
there….I won’t have a life anyway.
I’ll be dead in one hour because they probably ﬁnd me, put me in some cell and
then…..experiment on me like a bunch of wankers, who got to ﬁnd out why I got
this power, and how can they get it too.
I said this before to friends..
If I knew I had power….and someone knows..
I’ll be dead or kidnapped within 24 hours.
That’s the world we live in.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would life be better without women?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions

Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Without women?
I have to say no because…..
I LOVE eating pussy.
Yes, I love eating pussy like it’s the only meal I have had in a week and pleasure a
woman.
Face right in there and just going for it and hearing her scream with her mouth
gagged with a ball and she’s tied her up, with arms and legs wide.
Multiple orgasms before I even fuck her like a raging beast; making sure the bed
sheets soaking wet, dripping wet, her thighs damp like the moonsoon had hit the
city, her body dripping with sweat.
Love slapping her sweet creamy ass and pull her her back to thrust, pound as I
arch her back and ass way up, as she screams and when done, I’ll fuck her face
and she swallows every drop, until she has sucked my dick dry.
So no, I love eating pussy, pleasuring a woman, ride her deep, slow, hard, faster,
harder….making her body sing, feeling her rhythm, watching her body tremble
into spasms, legs quivering and to feel and taste her orgasm and squirts, as she
wonder where did all the ﬂowing milkway of hers was hiding.
When her eyes roll back in her head, when her body is rocking up and down,
twisting like an untamed godess, screaming, and thinks it’s going to be
over..she’ll see me grin…and know…..
I have only just got started.
So forget it.
I love eating pussy and pleasuring woman.
I’m never going to say yes to this question.
11.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you believe is the root cause of social insecurities in
young men these days?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not a gender issue…
For example..
A girl is texting me. I see all the red ﬂags but I love her. After sometime, I feel sick
and I begin to know why. It all now makes sense.
I disengage.
I completely block without a word and move on.
For the next few weeks I heal and remove whatever I was hit with.
There is another girl, texting me, and again, it’s going amazingly well, such
amazing connection. Then I see the red ﬂags.
The words ﬂow, her behaviour inconsistent, negativity after negativity, and I
block.
I move on.
I have about 20 girls, texting, one after another…screening out and screening in,
and I am seeing the pattern more than most ever will.

Girls don’t realise, I see all they say and do, was done before by other girls. I
observe, connect but ﬁnd most of time to move on.
Those I am into, I say be patient, and they know I have other girls, I don’t lie
about it or hide it. It’s why they pursue.
Another girl…very attractive, white, blue eyes, blond hair, hour glass ﬁgure,
tall, 5′9 but with one diﬀerence.
After 6 months, there is no red ﬂag, it feels so easy, so naturally ﬂowingly, and we
met already as it’s local, had sex.
She says she knows her friend, attractive like her, ivory white skin and she always
wanted sex but her friend is afraid of being hurt and wanted to know if…I will
have sex with her, a threesome.
It gets better every week.
Why am I sharing this with you?
That’s the same with guys too when appproaching girls to a host of other social
situations which their anxieties prevents them getting what they want in life. They
ﬁnd themselves stuck or push whatever they desire way.

This girl had a positive upbringing at home, her parents open minded and her
father a coach on self development and very successful.
Her mother is a teacher and believer of positive thinking, and encourages all her
sons and daughters to experience life rather than manipulate ti make the fear the
world.
Far more important is this - failure is seen as part of learning and growing.
It’s not to be ashamed about but seen as a victory! A neccessary skill to
succeed rather than something to fear.
It gets rewarded!
So they go for it and make things happen.
The girl has always talked positive about her dad and mum, while many girls I
texted didn’t about positive about both or oe of their parents, their life, social life
their social circle,and about life.
Much of their talk is dark.
Like a victim.
Much of what I hear is due to their own doing in putting themselves in a position
due to desiring validation so much, then complain why people take advantage of
them.
They are the very ones, who when a guy gives them attention, care, support they
won’t get anywhere, they screw up playing games.
Sad but true and probably on here bitching how a guy who professed love,
bloicked them and moved on without dsayig a word.
They are are the “victims.”
World is out to get them. It’s never their fault. It’s always someone else’s
fault but there are two sides to the story.
It’s negative, irrational, up and down, and though aﬀection is shown the sexual,
ﬂirting and aﬀection is not consistent.

In fact, it becomes non-existen later on.
Routine platonic talk.
Insecure of their body, insecure about sex, hardly any sexual experience and
much of texting is for attention not really to connect with me and my emotional
language.
Very low self esteem regarding what they are doing in life.
It’s like a ﬁght, they feel frustrated whenever they hear me speak up beat,
positiive and sexualise. I am patient far more than most will ever be but it gets to
a stage that you see, their growth will take years.
They do not try and always say it’s because…because..because…
They are aways saying they are not good at this, good at that. When it comes to
sexualisation, it dies and it’s replaced with neediness and talks about guys,
crushes, ex, drama, work, what someone did, what fucks up they did and well
usual friend pal talk.
Moment that happens, I switch oﬀ.
I’ve seen it before and know exactly what is going on.
Even when they deny it or get worked up when I question.
Many are socially awkward, probably have two friends or one or less. Not
socialising, not going out to larger social groups and always overthinking about
everything.
Very diﬀerent to his girl.
And she reaps the beneﬁt because she loves girls too and I knowhow to attract so
she can have as much pussy she desires, and because my social circle is big…the
opportunities is big too.
I visit the family house, not much shouting in house, not much negativity and
you can feel the vibe is amazing.
In 2 weeks she’s coming with me to travel.
Taking her to south of france to see nature landscape, forest, oceans, horse
riding, walking through breathtaking sceneries.
I know I’ll have fun with her and lots of sex. She’s bringing a friend, a girl who is
bisexual ;)
Parents talk to her and other siblings without being condensending. They really
want to hear their children’s opinion.
Discussion happening, family eating together, talking together.
Their sons and daughers don’t want to watch TV or internet and want to enjoy the
conversation around table…as…I observed and feel amazing atmosphere.
The one thing that really got me, is the parents weren’t troubled I was dating their
18 year old daughter.
I’m in my 40s and that is a very big diﬀerence.
Her friends come to visit, and it’s not just a few.
30 of them come and it’s fun, lively and you can tell these girls so love each other
as friends.
I’m with her dad who oﬀers me a cigar.

Home…is safe for her but…she didn’t rely on it.
She explored the world around her and even how she speaks is bold, daring, fun
and conﬁdent on how she sees the world in a very positive light.

The Modern World (Surviving Vs Living)
You see, long ago, before the technology of today, before way back of factories,
people were huddled up together.
Resources were controlled to beneﬁt family, dad worked not far, mum close by,
community tight and everyone kind of knew each other
Large small groups, a civilisation. Information close, support close by, and
together, closely watching over each other.
It gave us the edge as a civiisation.
To venture out of that tight social group meant harsh realities of being robbed,
attacked by other social groups and other threats.
So in those times people stayed close, to home, for survival.
But what worked with surviving in past doesn’t necessarily mean it can in the
world we live in the present day.
It hasn’t for a lot of people.
Social anxiety then, prevents a person in the modern day to go out to experience,
to open one’s mind and though we have the internet, one thing is why I have the
edge…is I do more out there than online.
Far more and here’s why it was necessary and why it gave me the edge.

Home was safe.
But today, home is ﬁlled with the many fears, insecurities of parents, of abuse,
and part of what plays with social anxiety is an individual carrying the fears and
insecurities of their parents.
They carry fears they heard, lisetened to, adopted within their environment.
This is not science but my own personal observation.
If we grow up in an environment in which it seems dangerous, and hearing
negativity, seeing negativity, hearing how world is dangerous and on it goes…
then this becomes our truth in which we see the world in that way too.
If a child hears parents as an example..
“Oooh, if you go to…or if you meet guys..hirls..if you…it’s dangerous.”
That is now a programming and each time this message is heard, it makes one
anxious and makes that danger a reality in their mind.
It’s what they probably see often because what you focus on the most is what you
see. Emotional bias.
And if you was that child, living in that type of environment, hearing what you’re
not good at and what you can’t do, and how the world is dangerous, and how sex
is bad, and how this and that….

The chances of you going out into then social world, and socialise, and engage,
and reach out, is near to or is = 0.
If it eas a girl she’ll say..
“OOoh I heard in England it’s dangerous, you cna be mugged.”
“Ooh in paris, I heard that you can get kidnapped for being slave, a prostitute
working for some gang,and..”
yes, I have heard that from girls.
Then it leads to..
“Oooh I just can’t ﬁnd a way to travel becausse my parents will go nuts, because they
will want to come withn me AS THEY WILL THINKit’s TOO DANGEROUS..”
In the begining it’s all..
“YES..”
But later as time goes by, their fears kicks in. The script and they then self
sabotage it with..
“OOoh I can’t meet there. I was thikning if you come here..”
I don’t mind but I know, after that, I am investing heavily and still, the girls
doubting things and talking about trust issues.
They canot even say that when they knew and read, and know who I am and they
are talking about..
“Oh you know, guys use girls and.”
I have always been completely upfront and from day one, sexualising and saying I
desire to fuck, tie up, fuck in her and so on.
Now they act like princesses.
Or shall we say doing then devalue technique for self esteem boost.
So now I know, it’s their own fears and it is they who are playing up or their
friends talking, or their scripts in their head talking.
It’s self sabotage mode, like I haven’t seen that shit before.
I bet you they haven’t even travelled to see any parts of world and been stuck in
their country, in their local town,and evn at age of 16, never seen world out there.
Just school, back home, one or two friends, school back home, one or two friends.
Getting Out Of The Bubble
When an individual gets to college, they are so set in their ways, fear is now big
that they will probably stay in that bubble.
Same routine and nothing really changes.
The only way is to take that leap and learn, and put the social skills to the test one
reads from books.
So many are stuck in the routine and prevented to do the small steps, whether
making new friends, whether going to an event, whether it is seeing a new
country.
I had an opportunity as an example, two tickets to a cruise.
One girl ready to go but then her fears got to her and so I asked someone else to go
on the cruise this year. Made sure she was someone who had the mind that isn’t

packed with fears and darkness about the world.
The Brain washing about Failure
There is a big misunderstanding about failure.
Time and time again, whether in family home or school, failure is seen as bad
Failure isn’t seen as a way to grow.
It’s not seen as a way of a learning process but rather it is seen as a curse. That to
fail means you’re a loser. That it is embrassing to fail.
But that is how we learn..
We all learn from our mistakes.
I haven’t found anyone who hasn’t made a mistake and screwed up once in a
while. Life is full of fuckups and I ﬁnd those who cannot forgive themselves and
see failure in a light of learning will also be someone who doesn’t forgive others
when they put someone on a pedestal, to ﬁnd that person isn’t god, isn’t someone
perfect.
All of this is then comes to this..
1. The person is so scared and anxious on what others might think if they
fumble, stumble, and notice they haven’t got much social skills.
2. They wear a social mask and so they are never really themselves but fear
of being judged,ridiculed, or fear losee like they were in then past
withnparents, with a friend, maybe in school or college.
3. Often, many who who are so packed with insecurities, anxiousness,
social anxiety probably still don’t get that every one of us makes
mistakes. It’s what makes us human beings. It’s nature to make mistakes.
Nature to fail, stumble, fumble, shit at conversation and socialising but
in time, you get better as you do it, one step..at..a…time.
The unfortunate part is…many don’t make that..ﬁrst…step.
Those who do, will fail or face some embrassing moment but take it to hear to go
right back to where they were.
Those who see failure and those embrassment moment as part of their own
growth, will make more steps and grow stronger.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Keevin Tamplin

What makes a player to fall in love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What makes a player fall and stay in love..
1. He knows that she is inspired to learn of his goals, dreams whether some
passon, business, ideas and even if they are sexual she deeply desires to
help him to fulﬁll them or makes it easier for him to do so. Even by just
encouraging in being the best cheerleader there is.
2. She always ask about his work, talks about his dreams, and she’s always
looking for opportunity to do that.
3. He feels no ﬁght with her in any shape of form regarding his lustful
desires for sexual pleasures. He ﬁnds she makes it easy, she intiates. is
very sexually conﬁdent and will know his deepest sexual desires, his
kinks that she has the passion to pleasure him, and for him to experience
them even if it’s threesome with other women

4. She will use words, images, videos to ignite his imagination when he’s a
way to always keep then pulse pounding his mind which strikes at the
core of his being. She knows his emotional language is sexual, hardcore
sexual and she isn’t intimidated but rather surpasses his expectations if
he ever has any.
5. His experiences with her, are far more pleasurable, loving aﬀectionate,
sexy to such she never switches oﬀ attraction and her ﬂirtatious ways. In
fact,she loves doing it because she knows, women out their are not
skilled at it and most just don’t do enough of it.
6. She is very submissive and derives pleasure from being so, and this may
seem weakness but it is really her power, her strength in which attracts
him even closer. She gets extreme pleasure for doing so and he will
satisfy her, pleasure her and eat her pussy like it was the ﬁrst meal he
had in weeks.
7. He fnds when he shares what he feels, whether it’s about her behavour or
his pain, what he sexually desires….she has empathy and shows it in
action. She doesn’t make him feel guilty or accuses him when he shares
his feelings. Instead, it is intel information to use and be ahead of
women out there to pleasure him.
8. He can trust her with is utmost secrets
9. When he fucks up, she doesn’t let anyone know but always protecting
him.
10. She knows he is wounded deep inside, so she is careful to avoid any
negativtiy as possible, and focuses on positive stimulation, positive
aﬃmations and sexiness
11. And he will do the same with her. He won’t be able to help doing so. He
will grow hungry with a huge appetite to want to see her again and again
to pleasure her and show aﬀection, comfort and love.
In other words…
When he can get from her sexually and emotionally far outweighs what he can
get out there…
Which by the way isn’t diﬃcult, because everyone out there is either so insecure
about sex and held back due to their fears…
Or sees him as a challenge and to ﬁx…
He will fall in love with…her.

6.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should my girlfriend be allowed to look through my phone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what I did..
Girlfriend - I want to look through your phone
Me - How important is it for you?
Girlfriend- Well, you know, trust and that
Me - Awesome.

Me - You got two choices then
Girlfriend - I do?
Me - This is the phone. That is the door. Look through my phone, you leave and
never come back. You don’t, we are back to where we are. And no, I don’t want to
look at your phone so forget any ideas “oh but you can check mine..”
Me - (puts phone on table) There we go. Decide what’s important.
Girlfriend -checks my phone (ﬁnds what she already knows)
Me - Now..leave
Girlfriend - You weren’t serious? YOU WERE?
Me - Don’t slam the door behind you
*slams door*
Dating someone else two days later….
Girlfriend - Can I look through your phone
Me -How important is it for you?
Rinse, repeat.
129.3k Views · View Upvoters

What should a girl wear for a ﬁrst date with an Indian man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just wear whatever ﬂoats your boat.
What makes you feel comfortable.
I am not the type of guy to ask if you see my answers because if I was the guy, and
I am in UK and doing what I do, woman will know to meet me with no panties, ass
plug, short skirt, and red lip stick and be ready for me to put a neck collar around
her neck with chain ready to be attached when we get home.
See what I mean?
That’s who I attract. Sexy, fun, sexually conﬁdent and adventuerous and who are
willing to learn from me sexually. Open minded.
I am totally diﬀerent type of man.
In other words I’d have talked about it already and used it to increase sexual
tension in text and phone conversation.
That’s how I do things, so I’m diﬀerent to many guys you probably know or would
ever date.
If you’re in India or whever, into those nice guys all that, just wear whatever ﬂoats
your boat. What makes you feel comfortable.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Shruti Arora

Is it possible to make someone like you after they fell out of love
with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The myth that if someone loved you, that they will not leave you, is one of the
fatal blows in society. conditioned love is enough.
How on earth can anyone believe that is not surprising with all the romance
movies, billions of dollars pumped into this myth to make people ignorant of how
love is never enough.

Is it possible to make someone attracted to you after they fell out of love with
you?
Yes, but it depends on certain factors.
1. To avoid blaming the person with bitterness and resentment and look at
whether they communicated a dissatisfaction and a consistent
emotional language which you avoided.
2. Was there a time in which you pumped negativity, brought the world
between you with drama about your life, negaivity, talking of crushes,
someone’s dick or pussy, some girl or guy?
3. Did you after some conﬂict, dissappeared for a day and did not give
reasurrance, which projected a red ﬂag to the person in seeing this may
happen in the future if they were in relationship with you - projecting
you got doubts or unwilling to show love in action?
4. Where you insecure, about your body and sex? Or did you show sexual
conﬁdence in which, they can see the future with you won’t have
problems regarding sex?
5. Did you talk about yourself a lot and not enough in ﬁnding out about the
person you are in love with?
6. Take a look at the streamline of conversations in texting and evidence
will be clear or remember the ﬂow of it in your mind.
Second, understand attraction…
It is not like how Hollywood or Bollywood, or romance novels show. It can be
built. It can be nurtured. You can make the chemistry intensify to such a high
level but…
If you bring any negativity, if you avoid what creates the sexual tension, if you
make excuses of it, then the conversation that ﬂows will be routined, repetitional,
mundane, logical, to such it does not intensify sexual tension but rather it kills it
and make the conversation become awkward, and the relationship awkward.
These should be left when a woman or man until person in their arms, the other
has emotional invested, where you have physically experienced together,
sexually and romantically.
Until then, no matter if local or long distance, if the emotional and physical
investment is not there, if memories physically were not created, it is suicide to
try to frame and move the connection to comfort stage to such a level, the
chemistry fades and dies.
Because it ii not about logic but….FEELINGS.
It is about High State Arousal.
So if you avoid making this mistake then even when infatuation goes, the
chemistry, the sexual tension will not fade away so easily.
Many as an example, young girls and guys will click with each other but one of
them or both will make the mistake in not realising, their conversation isn’t a
conversation but to be mindful to always intensify the sexual tension and the
deep rooted connection of high state arousal.
But they don’t…and so…the relationship fades into oblivion to a friendship kind
of way in which you probably don’t even want to be lover with this person.
I have many girls make this mistake with me.

I even say it to them, to keep being consistent in a sexual tension way and I say
what to do, but they don’t listen and so, love is not enoiugh…and that tension
goes away and so it spirals down for me to not even give a shit.
I move on.
They may complain that I am trying to change them
I am TEACHING how to do this and they don’t learn.
It is gold when you got an older experienced guy and yet, they don’t learn and
ﬁght it. They’ll see soon enough how this is the key and some will learn far too
late.
I can love someone but if my needs are not met, I will grow to not like them as a
person, as a lover, and feel they are just not compatible.
They are poor at communication. It’s all about them.
They are poor at at ﬂirting
They are poor at sexialisation
They are insecure about their body and sex
They are always talking about the world, hard life and boring
They can’t take a joke and get all serious about it
They cannot be upbeat and fun for too long
They have no clue how to build attraction and even when you lead they
stil make it diﬃcult.
Their behaviour is too friend type, too platonic and that is not attractive
to me. It is not attracion. It is comfort stage. You don’t build that if the
person is not in your arms yet, haven’t physically met and emotionally
invested in that way.
They lie a lot. They do it for attention seeking
I may like some talent of theirs, or love for certain type of music but I also ﬁnd the
way they see the world is too dark,negative and it’s not new to me. Lots of people
are like that and I am more of an upbeat, fun, ﬂirtatious person.
So yes, you can but you need to know how.
But like and love is diﬀerent, and even that is not enough.
You can like someone but not love them.
You can love someone but they switch oﬀ attraction, sexuality and insecure about
things that makes me feel in the future, it’s going to be so fucking hard work, that
it now starts to drain me to bother anymore with them.
That even if a woman is physically attractive, when it comes to sex, well, it won’t
be comfortable for me because whenever I build attraction, she’ll always fuck it
up and make it all awkward by being all serious, stressed and hiding her
sexuality.
That is why attraction and seduction is key.
It removes awkwardiness and so, when you meet the sexual tension is high, very
high and it’s fun, and now as you walk the comfort can be applied…
Girls say they want a man to lead…but they too many are insecure to lead a man
lead and so he gets frustrated and thinks..

“I love you, deeply but you, you’re just fucking hard work. You’re ﬁghting me all
the way and that to me tells me, we are not compatible. It is an attitude, where we
agree on a process but you say one thing but your behaviour reveals the
opposite.”
That’s why love is not enough.
10k Views · View Upvoters

Is a guy who brags about being a player actually a player?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is a message to you but some may see it as bragging.
It is called “framing.”
He is saying the following…
1. We are not looking for anyone to ﬁx and change us.
2. Our emotional language is sexual, ﬂirtatious and we expect that from
girls we are with but we get tired of them because in the begining they
lie, pretend they are like that and then begin to start acting weird,
holding back, being too serious, dangling their body, sex like a carrot, so
we tire of it and move on.
They do that to frame it into a relationship model because they got it into
their head, they can ﬁx a bad boy into some platonic boyfriend, and it
becomes emotionally draining for us players, when it happens.
3. So we don’t tolerate it anymore and we say who we are from day one,
repeatedly as we feel maybe we didnt say it loud enough or enough times
to push any of such girls far away from us and screan them out.
4. To keep us - avoid reminding us of the world, and be sexual and don’t try
to be possessive and jealousy crap. It does our head in. No point being
with us if sex is some big deal and you see sex is your identity and not an
experience to enjoy.
5. If you try to fuck with us with sex, with your body, thinking even when
we fall in love, we won’t walk away, be aware we will. In other words….we
got options. Avoid making sex a big deal and trying to use it as some
weapon. It doesn’twork on guys like us.
6. If you’re insecure about your body and sex, go get experience and only
come back when you have. We can’t be assed with the bullshit as we’re
lovers not some good nice guy who want a princess…waiting…
waiting..until girl ﬁnds her conﬁdence and self esteem.
For us, girls psychological and biological issues can eﬀect us, in which
we even lose our hard on’s, sexual feelings, and it’s that toxic for us.
When that happens..we will…say it.
If the girl does not change her behaviour, does not empathise, and if
makes us feel guilty of it…we will block her, without a word, and resent
her for not understanding that this is very critical and important to us.
We are drowning!
That’s what it feels like. Aching pain, Drowning.
That behaviour of girls fucks us up and so we get emotionally drained
and we got to get away…fast…far away from such girl and then be with
girls who speak our emotional language and behave in such way, to ﬁnd

the feelng we want comes back and our sexual drive kicks in again.
So of any girl wonders why we stay away from you even when we said we
love you - this is why. You fucked up big and you didn’t listen and you
didn’t adapt. You’re self esteem and making sex a big deal, your way of
thinking and biology pushes us away from you.
We don’t want it in our lives.
7. We’ve tried that and well, people are people, in their patterns and can
take long time or never. Also we are players but that doesn’t mean we
don’t feel shit when we see we hurt someone.
For example, when I hurt someone, walk away, it is so emotionally
draining, that I feel so shit, really down, depressed. This again, can eﬀect
our sexual drive, it can eﬀect our nervous system, it can eﬀect our
psychology.
So don’t want to go there anymore.
To avoid such girls coming to us we do the outrageous way, saying it
blatantly, in hope, we ﬁlter, screen out and push these girls away from
us…when it comes to dating/sexual/romantic relationships.
You’d be surprised how girls who not even at this thinking STILL pursue
us online and oﬄine - because we are challenge, to ﬁx us.
8. We will repeat what we say, so you keep that in your mind. If you do
become one of our lovers, you cannot say you didn’t know.
9. If your that girl, stay. If you’re not, stay far away from us as you are telling
us, you desire a player.
10. If you don’t desire a player, head over to those nice guys, or dark gloomy
guys who pretend to be fucking mysterious. Maybe they are the type you
want. You can talk about family, world, negative shit all day long with
them but not with us. They will get really serious, fast and cry like a bitch
when you walk away and chase you for years on end. If you’re into that
attention seeking crap.
11. We won’t. We’ll move on because we got options.

3.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy who is a player gives you a twohands shake?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a player desired you, he won’t let go of your hand. We keep our hands on your
hand or ﬁngers, and then see if you pull away.
If you pulled away your hand or let go in handshake, that tells us all we need to
know.
To tell a player you are attracted to him….keep hold of his hand and stroke with
your ﬁngers and make eye contact.

Smile your sexual smile, and ﬂirt and then ask for number. or write, place in his
hand if you’re so into what the crowd might think about you.

3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do players always come back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure…
1. Because she never tried to ﬁx and change him but she was at that time
when he knew her, was insecure regarding sex, her body, possessive and
believed in the fallacies regarding dating and relationship
2. Because out of all the women, he remembers. She listened rather than
judge him for being a player
3. Because when he fucked up, out of all the women, she was diﬀerent in
that she didn’t make it diﬃcult,create drama and instead said she loved
him still but if that’s what he wants, that’s what he has to do
4. Because out of all the women, she didn’t talk bad behind his back, to her
friends nor bitter.
5. Because never a time did she every talk bad about men as players and
saw man as he is, natural man, sexual being, and it is for him to decide
whether he settles - and no one has the right to label anyone anything, or
the way women label other women as sluts,whores, too easy
6. Because she was experienced in sex and he had more fun with her, to
explore
7. Because when he was with her, she focused on him
8. Because he knows, out of any woman, he can trust her
9. Because she called and text, or found his email, or found a way, a new
account, contacted him and said she understoods he likes women, and
she doesn’t care, she loves him and she doesn’t believe anymore about
the norms, and fallacies of dating.
That she wished she knew what she knows now, she was younger but
understands now, she’s changed, she will ﬂirt, be fun, sexual consistenly
as she now understands this is his language and she didn’t meet him half
way…she will now. To come back and let’s talk and it doesn’t matter if
he’s dating or having sex with other women. She embraces all who he is.
10. Because….she never saw him…as…a..player but her lover
11. Because he…could…be himself with her
That’s why.

7.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the key to a player guy's heart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure..
1. When she gives to pleasure without being asked
2. When she reveals her nakedness without being asked
3. When she uses creative means to arouse our state of mind high
4. When she doesn’t tease like a little girl still in school and instead
masturbates, long and on hard, until she orgasms again and again, and
shares it with the player with pride and conﬁdence of a godess, for him to
be somewhere in world and gets his heart racing and aching for her
5. When she speaks his emotional language…sex…ﬂirting, sexualising and
aﬀection focused on him rather than news of the world and her
blabbering about who did what, and how had bad life is
6. When she seduces to ﬁll our imagination with her beauty than her fears
and insecurities
7. When we can explore all our sexual desires and fantasies with her
8. When she speaks without doubt of our desire and love for her
9. When she can bring another woman, far attractive than her, with mighty
conﬁdence and says “eat her pussy and fuck me as well together, baby..”
10. When she can bring her closest trusted friend and watch as he fucks her
friend and she joins in the pleasure
11. When she can share all her secrets to him without games, teasing an
holding back
12. When she can speak showing only aﬀection, attention to us without
bringing the troubles of the world and hardship to reminds us of the
world
13. When she never switches oﬀ attraction and her ﬂirtatious ways and
keeps her ﬁngers on the pulse, for she knows if she lets go, we will ﬂy
away as we hate seriousness and any news of the world
14. When she speaks no ill about man
15. When she makes us forget the world by her ﬂirtatious, playful, fun
behaviour
16. When she lets go of trapping us in any relationship type model and
embaces that who we are is enough
17. When we feel she isn’t ﬁghting against our sexual desires and
masculinity by avoiding and framing the converation and relationship
into some serious talks about life
18. When being with her whether face to face, phone, texting, is an
experience of great pleasure, that makes our body sing. gives us a hard
on and she surprises us everytime we meet or talk to make us…forget the
world out there
19. When we can trust her with all our secrets
20. When we fuck up, she still believes while others do not and no one shall
ever know of our fuckup, whether directly or indirectly. She keeps it
locked in her chest even..when we fuck up.
21. When she can trust and and doesn’t do the sneaky block on facebook and
thinking we don’t notice and realise..we…are far more savvy with

technology than she thinks, because we are. That is the ﬁrst stab in back
and her words of devotion will now mean..nothing
22. When we are lost and dissappear, she seeks and ﬁnds us and mesmerises
us with her words and her beauty to make the world standstill for us to
walk back with her with pleasure and a smile
23. Where she is the keeper of our pain and misery and we know we can trust
her with these to not even share to her closest friends/relatives
24. When she does not seek exclusivity and tries to ﬁx, change, for that goal
25. When she lets the player decide by his own will and state of mind,
without any manipulation
26. And we may never decide but this will be enough for her even then.
In other words…
When the experience with her outweights what is out there and if she cannot do
this and sees it too much, better to leave the player alone.

10.7k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best opening line you've heard on Tinder?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Look to your right. Now left. What do you see? A wanker ;)
Her - Hahaha. Oh shit. My ex was sitting on right playing comp game
Me - Don’t worry. I’ll sort out the boredom soon enough
Her - How.
Me - Tell him he’s a fucking wanker
Her - I can’t do that LOL
Me - Girl, it’s the only way to get rid of fucking parasites. Only sad bitches stay
hooked on an ex like she hasn’t got laid fora year.
Her - You’re such a..
Me - It’s not as worse as fucking your ex. Now that’s sad baby, real sad. You must
be desperare for a fuck to go back to an ex for sex.
Her - At least give me a compliment
Me- You have to earn it
Her - How?
Me - We can talk on phone and make your ex a jealous bastard. Call and walk to
kitchen like you got it going
Her-OMG hahaha. You’re trouble
Me - Yes I am…now call. I haven’t all day.
Calls my phone…
Mission accomplished
_————————————————
10k Views · View Upvoters

What was one time you were a “total savage”?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Updated Jan 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my friends invited me to his house and a young woman opened the door.
She was stunning. It’s his mum. I thought it was his sister.
I didn’t even get through door and we clicked.
We talked, until my friend came down stairs and we went to the back garden,
hanging around with his friends but every now and again, she’d look from
window at me smiling, and in a silent kind of laugh, like she’s aroused.
After a couple hours before I left, she said..
Her - Have you told Adam the great news?
Him - Oh yeah,I’m going to Germany for a couple of weeks. Seeing my dad.
That was my cue but I was still not sure.
When he left two weeks later, I went to the house and she wasn’t surprised when
she opened the door. Invited me in and said for me to wait.
Sometime goes by and she calls me…upstairs and if I could put an image for you
on what I saw, imagine you walk into the bedroom and you see..

So yes..

I had sex for two weeks, not everyday with my friend’s hot mother and he never
knew about it but it didn’t stop there.
Whenever he would go somewhere, I’d be having sex with his mother.
I never saw a mother that hot and I still haven’t till this day. Even younger girls I
knew who were very attractive in school and college, didn’t come close to her
body and looks.
Her sexual experience and knowledge were up there. It wasn’t like most young
girls who haven’t much experience, insecure and make sex some big deal. No, she
was very experienced, conﬁdent and I love sexually conﬁdent women.
I learnt a lot from her especially about dominating a woman in bedroom etc,
bondage and eating pussy, to how to talk to make a woman’s body sing and pussy
dripping wet with using a phone or face to face conversation….without touching.
It’s why my texting is stellar, due to her knowledge, which I built upon later.
(Or, better, “upon which, later, I built.)
625.7k Views · View Upvoters

If you found a stranger in your bed would you necessarily kick
them out, or does it depend on them being cute and smiling?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Updated Jul 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They must be a Ninja if they get into my place. Seriously, one helluva Ninja with
steel doors outside, locks, alarms, and yes, even a camera outside, all around the
building with…security as well.
So it be mad skills but if the stranger looked like..

Then we will have a great time and if she assumes the submissive position, ass up,
all the better.
When done, I’ll make her my sugar baby and even hire her and ﬁre the security,
and give her high raise wages for her mad skills.
For a non censored video answer see here
Now don’t go voting all at once.
You got a reputation to keep with your followers ;)
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why did I feel insecure about my ex-girlfriend, who wanted sex
more than me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl-friend who is sexually conﬁdent, and isn’t insecure about her body. She
knows what she wants and isn’t insecure to ask for it.
It probably because of one these reasons.
I bank on second one though,
1. You feel you might under-perform and let her down. It’s natural to feel
that way. Believe, she probably be scared herself too. Give her extra boost
and conﬁdence, in showing you want too as well.

2. Your own social conditioing, cultural, perception - you’re judging her like
she’s some slut or too easy. Starting to question her and her history.
Focus on moment mate, we don’t need another insecure woman in this world.
Too many already regarding their body and sex and who make it such a big deal.
Have fun and enjoy the sexual experience and tell her she’s amazing, gorgeous
and sexy and you love her conﬁdence.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would I look desperate if I follow him again after my crush
unfollowed me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Desperate? Depends on the guy but for me, personally, not, not desperate but if
you didn’t say to him you’re attracted to him, he may take it the wrong way.
Look. Most of us guys had enough of girls pressing our buttons and being
uncertaint. It’s very frustrating and so, you need to be open that you’re attracted
to him if you’re going to do that.
So forget the desperate part and this time, let him know you are attracted to him.
That’s probably why he unfollowed you because he has doubts about you and
your motive.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

It seems that I loved him, but he doesn't want to talk with me
anymore. I deleted him from my contact list and now I feel
regret. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Probably why he doesn’t want to talk…
“It seems…I loved him..”
As men, we can feel when something is up and we can be unforgiving at times to
feel most woman pushing our buttons, teasing, whether most women like to deny
it or not; then surprised why we blocked and not ﬁve a shit to move on.
The amount of emotions and vulberability a man shows is huge because we are
condiitioned to not show our feelings of desire as well as aﬀection. We can be
raging men when we ﬁnd or even believe slightly, it has been taken for granted.
If we believe that, forget all we said - we will slam then door shut and move on.
It’s not easy for man to show his feelings especially sexual in a world that makes
it so easy to judge to be as we are. Natural men.
The constant doubts, the holding back, the excuses or reasons whatever they
maybe, tells a man, if he is going to invest and he feels something is up, if he
looks back to see red ﬂags coming together, then..
“It seems” won’t be good enough for him and any reasons really, holding back on
mostly anything, whether words, aﬀection, sexual display of aﬀection instead of
some teasing , tells me…he better just move on.
“It seems,” is what he must have felt from you because if you but realised that
now, then you’re behaviour would have been up and down, irritational, and
holding back, which sets awkwards right up, for him to feel…lack of compability.
Man can love a woman deeply but if he hears, “if,” or feels “but..” or he senses “it
seems,” then he would say he doesn’t want to talk anymore.

If you really had attracton, if you felt he was giving it all, and if you feel it, send
him a message and this time, don’t hold back. Let him know how he feels. It’s
easy for me and anyone to say “let it go because..”
Just appreciate, wether man says he is patient and so on, we always assess,
evaluate today to do, and if we feel not enough aﬀection or ﬂirtation, or what we
need is given….we will take not of the present…resent it as we gave a lot of our
time, investment and see it taken for granted.
So maybe he needed to hear or feel you felt the same way and he didn’t get
enough of that consistently.
Send him one message,without ifs and buts, and bringing up anything and let
him know how you feel.
If he really loves you or feels deeply for you, then you’ll know by his reply.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

Love-bombed by a FB friend from HS ('81). It felt real to me. I
know him too. He stopped. 1 text, 1 call, blocked. How can I get
him to talk to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As I don’t know the conversation details…if a guy says no stress and drama, then
it’s this list here..
I’m not saying that’s what happened but just pointing it out for others as
well when we guy say no drama/stress…
Avoid Negativity.
Talking about life Problems, family problems, friend problems.
Not being upbeat and fun. Keep it light, fun, no drama news.
Talking about yourself a lot and not asking guy questions, getting to
know the guy and being consistent with it as he is with you
Talking about crushes, guys etc. No need for that.
When context is imporant, not answering for days.
Avoiding to ﬂirt while guy ﬂirts, sexualises with you.
You can either..
Give it time.
1. Usually, 1–2 weeks and he may email you/contact you. The one’s who are
into you will unblock and text/email.
2. When he does, relax, don’t go all blazing and behave like nothing has
happened and get back on track.
If you’re really into him, got email, send him a polite one and leave it for him
to resply back. Nothing else after this you can do.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most delicious thing you have seen in red?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not a thing but a person.
I love the colour of red especially when it’s lingeria.

Something about red that does something. Red for me is daring, bold, on your
face and conﬁdence. This photo inspired me to also write an erotic story which a
publisher wants to buy..

I love red bright red lips and love it when I’m with a woman and she starts doing
her lips with red lipstick like this…ready to kiss…Mmm

2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why did she act strange after our tinder date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

4 months or a month, or a week?
Make sure you don’t focus on one girl and have many as you don’t know who will
be that girl who will follow through consistently.
She was never interested in you.
It was her killing time.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

Is it easy to ﬁnd a boyfriend or girlfriend in life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing is easy because for me to be with one girl who is compatible, I have to go
through 20 girls a week, Most I don’t approach now due to what I did years back.
The momentumn is there.
The more you do consistently, in building your own life, resources and
connecting, the easier it gets.
I never focused on girls ﬁrst but my life and so it is easier for me to attract.
Locally it’s very fast for me.

Long distance takes time as you can’t just ﬂy over especially when country got
shit visa process and nothing is concrete even when you got the visa. So you can
have one and go there and still get turn you away when you get there.
Plus in the begining they are all sexual, hot but because of time span is longer,
they start acting all logical, the relationship mode, and all that ﬂirting,
sexualising, stops.
That’s what kills attraction.
Many self sabotage and then when the guy blocks, walks away, they then have the
excuse to blame it on the guy.
They know what I am talking about. They only have to look at their text messages
time line of conversation to see what I mean.
Locally, I have social freedom which means I have the conﬁdence to approach
whoever without worry who is looking or what even the woman thinks herself
about me.
Conversation, high standard, easy ﬂow no problem, and don’t have to think about
scripts and pick up lines and all that.
As for signiﬁcant other - relationships is not easy.
Because either the guy wants somehing or girl, and well, sometimes both won’t
compromise, and it becomes a problem.
That’s why compatible is important.
You don’t need to do that with someone who is compatible to you and you to
them. That’s really the diﬃcult part but if you can get it right, it will save a lot of
frustrations and heartache.
Most women as an example know who I am but even then, when they know, and
even when I can be patient….one thing that will always kill attraction, is when
they have no clue in building it.
They know what I will ask. They know what I want. They know my emotional
language. They know it and they can’t say shit that they didn’t know.
But many will try to lower the frequency of the bad boy and moment they do that,
he pushes hard and they keep doing that until he had enough.
Most women behave in relationship mode too soon before they got the guy in
their arms when they needed to keep the ﬁre, the attraction going.
They avoid ﬂirting, sexualising, and being feminine, seducing the guy in a
positive, sexy and fun way. Insecure about what to say, what to do and about their
own body.
Not like they haven’t got the internet to learn but they don’t.
When that happens he ﬁghts with himself and begins to resent himself ﬁrst
because he compromised something and thought if he does, so will the gir but
she doesn’t.
He begins to see his own demons and then he sees the girl, and then shuts oﬀ
completely.
One fatal move and she’s done and the girl’s do.
The girl blocks on facebook and keep chatting with him without reaalising, he’s a
savvy marketer as well. He’s noticed what she did.

He also sees, some of the things girl’s give to him, are posted on facebook and so
he doesn’t see that now valuable.
He takes that as a clue that she is ready to jump ship and and begins to see a
pattern happening. He begins to see observe her every word, every action, and
begins to distance himself slowly.
None of the talk is about him but the girl. It;s all about her. This is so with many
girls especially the younger.
They all about themselves. Proabably because they don’t get that much attention
from where they are at.
He feels something wrong in his gut.
When that happen, you can forget talking about morality, respect, how brave to
say to someone before you go and all that. When that is gone, he’s a diﬀerent man
altogether,
He will not give a shit and he will move on and take his knowledge, sexual
experience, conﬁdence, aspirations, fun, with him and leave them to nice boring
shit guys who cannot even ﬂirt, sexualise or know a fucking damn thing about
how to converse, ﬂow with it to know how to eat pussy until she orgasms multiple
times.
Leaving them to the ex-boyfriends or whatever it is they do.
He will take his creative mind, his adventureous vibe with him and move on.
They want insecurity, they love it so much, then they can have it. It’s all there’s to
do whatever they wish.
The bad boy moves on as he takes another lesson and sharpens his boundaries
even more.
So compatibility is big for relationship to work.
That’s the diﬃcult part right there.
So best you don’t compare your life to others as you may see a happy story on
facebook. There’s more going on than what most people post and share on
facebook.
I know people on there, girls too, and they are NOT what they show on there. I’m
being serious. They are completely opposite to what they post on there and it’s
really fucked up when I see that.
There is also two side of the story and if you hear one, and not the other, believe
there will be alot missing from the story than you’ll ever know.
Bes to avoid seeing your results by comparing what is out there and just start
living and doing.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Selvaraghavan Raghuraman

People say love yourself before loving others. How do you love
yourself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You may need go back to when you was a child, speak to the child in you, the one
who has all the wounds, who wanted attention but never got it. Who wanted
comfort but was neglected. Who wanted love but was either abused or was past
on from one family, orphanage or just left alone.
Who wanted answers but got nothing but manipulation. Who wanted to have his
or her identity but forced to take someone elses. Who wanted to feel special but

was told they serve only to serve the parent as an emotional need and nothing
more than that. Who wanted friends but found lonliness. Who had many
questions but found confusion.
All combined becomes your self image.
Either a person creates a new one which is false, to hide their pain and to become
nothing but deceivers to others, using others for attention, emotionally draining,
or seeking attention so much they attract what they fear the most.
When you heal your wounds inside, you will rely less on external validation and
seeking attention oﬀ others to focus more on real work, productive work than
superﬁcial.
If you notice, many write here but many cannot keep up in being consistent. The
reason most can, is because they don’t do it for validaton. They do it because they
believe in what they do.
They are not all talk about giving like most people who complain all day about
how bad the world is and that.
They are consistent and that inner quality drives them even if they got votes or
don’t have. It also helps them to have their own voice, whether brash, bold or wih
a fun twist or just logically. They are consistent.
They do it because they love doing what they do.
Makes them happy and feel satisﬁed in themselves in doing so.
Even if no one gives a shit, they’ll keep wrting anyway.
That also happens in diﬀerent areas of your life and you ﬁnd a healthy balance.
and you become very productive as well. You’re energy well spent on doing the
real work than seeking external attention and validation to motivate you.
So look where trauma happpened way back, heal those wounds ﬁrst and then
move forward in building your self esteem and your own self image that brings
you peace and conﬁdence.
Just know it is not easy because it takes digging deep inside but that is how it
begins. That is where the healing starts.
There are lots of books on the subject of self love, healing yourself, self esteem
and so on. Invest in yourself and it will pay you back so much more if…you..apply
it. Just don’t be hard on yourself.
It takes time.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it crazy that I’m still with a man after 20 years and he still
won’t marry me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a very common to be with someone for years and not be married. Maybe you
needed to know that from begining especially when it comes to wanting children
too.
If you think spending money, going to some ceremony, having a white dress,
getting married, having some party, and got a certiﬁcate means something when
it comes to love, well it doesn’t.
If you want a label for it, well, ask him or if your concern is something else then
establish an agreement between you two, of responsibilities and if something
happens, you are in a sense good standing with assets and so on.

I rather have my lovers say that and we can do something abou that, than splash
money for a wedding.
I rather support in giving money if my lovers want to do some studies for degree
or business startup or agrreement of assets or some kind. Got no problems with
that and never had.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

If I tell a hot girl that she is ugly, will she become attracted to
me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girls are not attracted to the bad boy because he does that.
You’re talking about very old manipulative tactic called negging.
To devalue.
I won’t do that if you want huge results.
They are attracted to the bad boy because of his status, his behaviour as a sexual
lover, in which he does not conform to society, and he can walk away from a girl
no matter how gorgeous she is if she doesn’t behave in a manner he desires.
In other words..
He..has…options.
He also can..lead and she doesn’t need to worry about what to do when it comes
to sex. He knows what to do but she better not be insecure herself either about
her body, her sexuality.
So if you knew what that means to a Hot girl, you’ll know she will under 3 seconds
when she sees the guy, want to answer in her mind…
Is he cooler than me?
Is he cooler than other guys I know?
If I date him will it increase my social status in my world?
Will he judge me if I am sexual or is he sexual and open minded like me?
Does he have sexual experience that other guys don’t?
Does he Have cool friends or are they losers?
Status + Sexual Appeal + Social Freedom = gets you laid. Mad pussy.
Yes, I don’t play with words. It is what it is.
Avoid putting any girl down and focus on you, building your world ﬁrst. Forget
about the girls for a while and do that.
You far better building your life ﬁrst with status. Be of value to the “in crowd.”
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should a man help a woman who has been helping him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If anyone helps me, I will help them.
It’s not about whether a person is a man or a woman. If someone helps me then of
course, if within reason, I can help as well, then I will.
What I don’t do…is help to get validated.

Far too many out in world helping people, but when it comes to those close to
them or their lovers, they’d not forgive or bother helping.
That’s because no one else is looking.
The best help is the one no one knows about except you and that person. I’m not
talking about business and testimonails as these are part of business.
I’m talking about something else.
The best is when the right hand gives, without the left hand knowing.
So if someone is helpful, do so in kind.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I text back to a man that went silent for two weeks?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Text him, lead to phone call.
Maybe this will help too, to be inside a man’s head.
Adam Taha's answer to Does he still secretly love me?
You see, if women knew man, they’d know that we can desire a woman so much,
the emotions so high, we swim in lots of doubts, fears, demons battling in us to
such, it becomes so overwhleming we back oﬀ.
For you women, it is easy getting attention from men.
Men don’t get much attention, compliments except if they are hot good looking
like a model..
So man can text and give you all, like a fucking essay.
But women do what?
Two words of aﬀection.
Many will shower admiration and compliments, sexualise, ﬂirt.
But what do most women do?
Three words of aﬀection and a whole lot about themselves.
You thnk man is fed every day with aﬀection, ﬂirtation, words of
admiration,sexualising, sexualisation, often?
It’s man who does most of the leading.
It’s heavy and emotional, it’s guts and bravery, and fear, and whole heap of
emotions all rolled in one.
So man needs reassurance, aﬀection and words to let him know. If he gives a lot,
you give a lot. Balance it out. If he recites poems and ongoing words…you…
do..the same! Balance it out.
You don’t have to be so great with words.
Look online and use that.The intent and thought is appreciated.
If he ﬂirts, if he sexualises, if he shares sexy images, forget how insecure you are,
do…the…same. Find some sexy hot mages on tumble and send. You don’t even
have to use your own body if you’re insecure about it.
Use whatever is out there.

People, very creative when it comes to studies, work, exams but this, most
women can’t get their heads wrapped around it.
It’s about your intent or thought that counts.
That you are trying and he feels it too when a woman does that.
Man gives and now looks for reasurrance.
Balance it out always when conversing and texting.
Be careful you leave gaps when conﬂict has happened. Even one day will seem
nightmare to a man and he will block and move on. Lots if emotions goes in a
man and most women don’t realise that.
I know. Crazy, huh?
No. We’re not gods. Just human beings with ﬂaws like everyone else.
It doesn’t happen like the movies.
It doesn’t happen like romance novels.
It doesn’t happens like it’s so smooth.
So when you have watched movies, romance, and see how smooth it goes, you
expect it to be smooth in real life.
That we men won’t fuck up.
But it does happens with a few or a lot of fuck ups from both sides or one side but
when you get there, when you meet, when you ﬁnally get there, it is all worth it.
I’ll give you an example..
Once, I broke oﬀ a relationship because of that and after my emotions settled
down. She ﬂeew to USA, New York to stay with friends. I stayed in England.
Couple of weeks, I felt better. I learnt something of myself, seeing what gives, why
I was feeling lots things which pushed me to the edge…and…then I called her.
You know what she did?
She didn’t blame me.
She didn’t accuse me of my ﬂaws.
She didn’t say I hurt her and guilt trip me.
She said “I love you, I’ll see you tomorrow, ok baby?”
That’s how I know when someone really into her man. When he fucks up and she
ain’t listening to society, her friends but she sees a man who seen his fuck up,
apologises for it and reaches out.
Personally, I thought to be like the rest of women but…
She hit the airport immediately and came back.
I realised all she is regarding kindness, supportive, loving is real not when she
said it but when she behaved like this…
She didn’t speak a bad word about me to her friends.
She didn’t rage and pull me down or tell me all men are the same, or how she
doesn’t believe in love anymore, or god, or this or that.
She just cried and I felt lost for a while.
What did her friends do and say?

All her ﬁends said to her, “no, he’s a bad boy, they only care about sex, they don’t
care about you, and …”
We’ve been together in relaionship for 18 years and she never brought it up or try
some stupid move to exact revenge.
She never listened to her friends again.
I am in multiple relationships and they all know and we look back and laugh
about it and see how it made us stronger.
In all my [personal experiences, it never goes smooth.
It does in movies, stories in romance novels with a twist of drama but in real life,
it’s real…emotions…fear..insecurties, doubts, past pains, memories.
That’s real life.
Text him and then lead to a phone call, and iron it out.
He fucked up. Whether he blocked you, said whatever, or silent treatment. or did
something stupid….He fucked up, we all do.
I’m sure you fucked up many a times in your life.
We all have.
He’s probably need reassurance.
Give him that reassurance.
Text him and say “let’s talk on phone, it will..feel much better..”
He will know what you mean because he’s feeling shit.
Believe me. Love doesn’t make you feel all happy.
It can make you feel shit until you meet face to face, skin to skin, in each others
arms, then a man is happy but before that, he will have lots of doubts, worry, and
is looking for reassurrance.
Give him that and see how it goes.
We all fuck up, so do you, so does everyone here, and I’m sure when we all do, we
like someone to believe more in us than we do in ourselves.
Or you’re not diﬀerent to all the women he knew or knows.
Text him back and lead to phone call, and talk.
Show him you’re diﬀerent than the rest who has man on a pedestal and when we
fuck up, that is all they remember. They don’t remember the time all the 99% of
the good. No, just that fuck up.
He will feel better and so will you and it will make it real.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

I initiated with a guy but he gives me mixed signals. What
should I do now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There were two friends, both women.
Both liked this guy but I didn’t say anything to both of them. One of them would
walk and smile, do all those hint stuﬀ and say nothing. He would talk to her, she
would talk to him and she would not say a thing on how she is attracted to him

A few days later, the same woman was walking into a cafe and she saw her friend,
the other woman, holding hands on table and…kissing that same guy.
So much for hints and waiting for things to happen.
I found out the one who got the guy walked right up to him, ﬂirted, had fun and
then said..
“Look, there’s a cafe I always wanted to check out and was wondering if you like to
come?”
He said yes and moment he said yes, she took his hand and that was it.
Mixed signals happens when no one is willing to make the move and always
blaming it on the guy or the girl.
Just talk, ask him out and suggest something and if he doesn’t..you now got your
answer to not waste time with him.
48 Views · View Upvoters

How do you set the boundary and still be attractive, when you
follow the advice, "Don't listen to a girl’s problems"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Having healthy boundaries is very important to protect you and your mind, and
most of all, emotionally.
You can be sitting with a girl and get hammered by her negativity, problems,
worries, talks about crushes, on and on.
You can be sitting with friends who can also go too far.
If you don’t know your boundaries and what is a deal breaker for you, what you
want in your life whether friendship, girlfriend, job and even business, you’re
leaving yourself wide open.
You don’t love yourself enough to know you’re worth a lot more than someone
just being able to say and do what they want because you so want their attention
and validation.
Healthy validation is ok but not that it emotionally drain you and put you in a
position in which someone treats you like a doormat.
When you let people do it, it is framing how they will treat you in the future. It
reinforces their behaviour to do more of it again and again.
You will get people who can treat you poorly and so, not everyone is going to be
putting your interest ﬁrst.
I have had girls on here who read all my answers on boundaries,what I don’t
tolerate, what turns me oﬀ….and still when messaging me try to push it. That tells
me they were already wanting to self sabotage any connection that happened to
grow.
Why else one would do that when they so admire someone from what they read
and learnt? To push buttons, play games and even to self sabotage a good thing,
which is what I call a script to do things on purpose to lead to break down of
relationship or connection.
Action speaks louder but words are also thoughts that can eﬀect your state of
mind and can even lead to depression.
Knowing your boundaries and what you see as deal breakers before hand can
help you identify the line, in which girls and anyone else do not step over and

most all - identifying who to avoid very fast as they can harm you psychologically
and emotionally…to drain you.
That can have a long term eﬀect on you.
You’re not anyone’s punching bag.
Here’s a video on why you set healthy boundaries…

Not every girl on this planet or guy gives a shit about your mind. Not every girl is
awesome. Not every girl is mature, not toxic in her behaviour, words, and her
mindset. Not everyone has good intentions.
You know your boundaries and if the girl doesn’t respect them, speak up calmly.
You don’t need to be a friend or even listen to her problems to date girls. Plenty of
girls out there who will date you without doing that.
You don’t need to spend hours and weeks to date a girl.
I never needed to be a friend in begining. Guys don’t need to be a therapist to
anyone. Everyone doesn’t need to follow what norms say or what anyone really
says.
You take what I am giving, sit down and think about it because hey, it’s your
mind, your emotions and it is you who will have to face whatever.
I know plenty of guys who date girls and never were friends and never sat down
for hours or on phone listening to their problems, or crushes, or who they fucked,
blah blah family problems, friend problems and all the shit most girls do.
Plenty of us met and dating without the need for that.
Of course, later on as in relationship supportive but not before. You don’t need to
be a friend, a therapist, listen to girl’s problems, support her, kiss her ass and
hopefully, she will be so impressed to be your girlfriend.
On Toxic people…

Here’s what you do..ﬁrst for yourself.
1. Sit down and write your personal boundaries.
2. Then write down what is a deal breaker.
Knowing your boundaries is very healthy for a positive balanced relationship.
Also knowing what is a deal breaker for you early on is going to help.
Now…when you’re with a girl you don’t go oﬀ saying
“Before we talk, this is my boundaries.”
Get a feel of her ﬁrst because when you say your boundaries early on, in ﬁrst
meeting, it can led to manipulation.
Feel her vibe. Listen to your intiutiion. If you feel your intuition is saying
something to you, listen to it.
Speak up calmly.
First observe, get a feel of the girl, you will see soon enough if she respects people
and she also has a healthy boundaries.
If she breaks one of your boundaries, now is the time to speak up calmly and say,
to her you don’t like speaking about these topics and really, you don’t like hearing
people’s problems except if she’s you’re girlfriend and been in relationship with
her for a while.
Avoid impressing her.
If she respects you and your boundaries, she’ll be ﬁne.
If not, good riddance. She can walk.
You can also ask about her what is her boundaries a well, and back and forth, and
so now she knows and you know hers.
The ones who try to voilate your boundaries are pushing your buttons, seeing
how much they can get away with.
Immediately calmly say it again and if they don’t respect your boundaries, walk
away. Disconnect from girl and don’t mingle with her again.
Healthy boundaries are very important in relationships, whether friendship,
girlfriends, relatives, work, in a job and business.
They are there to protect you, your sanity and also from people who can be very
toxic and they can be abusers as well. It can avoid girls who just want attention
and use you for emotional support and nothing else.
It can also help you to avoid abusers who seek people for nothing more but for
attention, admiration and bombard them later, shifting their state of mind to
such, you doubt your own sanity and yourself.
There are people like this in this world.
In fact, every parent should be teaching their own children to set boundairs and
prepare for the world out there but unfortunately, some parents are also abusers
themselves and children grow up to be abusers.
Also, for example, sex.
There are boundaries in that too.
Knowing what is comfortable for you and the girl is crucual for amazing rich
experience. Very iimportant for a healthy positive relationship.

In every area of your life boundaries are there to protect you but also the other
person. They are important for healthy positive relationship and they can enrich,
bring a lot of positive experiences and value.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Oscar Jaime

What do guys think of girls who have a personality that blows
hot and cold?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This guy?
I remove them from my life completely.
There is no point wasting time.
The guys who get frusrated are the guys who look for hints. They are not being
direct about their intent.
If she is not showing mutual attraction in words and behaviour, then I move on. If
ambigious, I will take it as a no and move on.
So their cannot be hot and cold.
There is only Yes or No and if ambigious, I’ll take it as a no and move on.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Martyn Harvey

Why is it that if you truly love a girl, they always end up hurting
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The girl doesn’t hurt you as much as our own expectations, what we want, and
what we want is not given, that hurts us. Yes, there are people out there who just
do things for nothing but attention but that’s a diﬀerent topic.
So we also make the mistakes too.
For example..
1. Whether girls come to me or I approach them is irrelevant, as sometimes
I will be attracted to the girl as well.
2. It is also me, who wants certain things, behaviours from the girl. They all
know who I man, what I want, what my language is and what I don’t
want.
3. It is me as an example, where I think at that time I can wait for whoever I
am with and attracted to to grow
4. It is me, who thinks I can’t wait until someone grows to my level. It’s not
easy waiting..waiting..for someone to trust you, and start talking in the
same emotional language as you. Not everyone is going to invest and live
life big to acquire such growth and it can be very frustrating at times.
Not everyone is going to be frantic in looking online, learning what they
need to connect with you in your language. Most will just still be in that
same place and waiting to grow. Not everyone will watch videos, how to
ﬂirt, how to seuxalise, read tons of books on how to do this and that
because they know it means a lot to you. It is after all your language and
personaity.
5. It is me, who has the the expectations.

6. And it’ss me who then bottles up to such a level that it can fuck you up
inside and if the girl knows it, well, she will love to play with that too but
then such girls increases the possibility of high emotions in me for me to
move on and without a word at times.
7. It is me who attract the girls and such girls
8. It is me, who take actions, regret the actions
9. It is me who cannot turn it back time to what it was
10. Therefore, I am responsible for some of blame too not just the girl, and
sometimes it’s not even the girl.
Only someone who doesn’t really want to grow is unwilling to look deep inside
one self and their demons to ever blame everything entirely on someone else,
whether girl or guy.
If we don’t take some of the respomsibility in saying we are to fault too,
then how are we going to grow?
If we don’t, how does one heal?
How can we ever get better at what we want to achieve?
We’re going to fuck up.
There is no doubt about it.
That doesn’t stop.
But what happens is, there will always be the lovers who when you do, and I mean
one helluva fuckup, that they will ﬁnd you even when all doors are closed to say..
“Yes, you fucked up but so do we all, let’s talk, and start all over. I love you. Let’s
work it out...”
And if you learn from the lesson to avoid doing whatever fuck up it is then you’ll
grow and so will they.
They key is learning from that lesson and not repeat it again with whoever
graciously and with love embraced your ﬂaws.
They will also see…they became a part of helping someone they love to grow with
empathy, true forgiveness and compassion.
Just note, these are rare people.
People will do whatever for friends who treat them shit it all their lives. but when
with a lover who fucks up once, they forget all that was, all you did, all, and just
see your fuckup.
I know many who say they are spiritual, healers, this sign and that sign, believe in
humanity….but when that time comes, they only see someone’s fuckups. They
were measured and they were found wanting.
Anyone can be all angel in front of a lot of people, front of families, front of
friends and communities. Anyone can.
It’s not diﬃcult at all to wear a mask to show to the world.
But when it’s done where no one will ever see and know except one person,
their lover, well, diﬀerent story then.
No one is watching.
Not mummy.
Not daddy.

Not friends.
Not community.
Not anyone on here when they like to tell their amazing heart warming story on
how they forgive, love humanity and so on.
No one is going to pat them on the back and give them validation and
medals.
You know you got character when you do something amazing when no crowd is
cheering you on.
It’s just you and one person - the lover.
Those I am talking about are rare people and they are the ones who didn’t put
someone on a pedestal and also acknowledged they fucked up too in their life
once or more.
They are the ones who wil blame and say it’s everyone’s fault.
If love didn’t work out, they’d blame love as well.
We’re not perfect and we’ll never be.
Every event in our lives comes with a lesson…
Maybe it needs to set personal boundaries and deal breakers even clearer
to the next person that comes along and ensure it’s taken seriously.
Maybe it needs us avoid comproming in how we are and how we like it to
be and if the other person can’t do that, fair enough, part ways.
Maybe it’s a question on getting clearer on what we want in a girl and
what we don’t want and know how to look for these qualities.
Maybe it’s getting better at selection and screening in and out girls.
Maybe it’s getting better near the begining.
Maybe it needs something else.
Only you know what that lesson and wisdom is to do better next time.
One thing for sure, the girl that matters isn’t the one who got away.
The girl that matters isn’t the one who didn’t ﬁght for your love.
The girl that matters isn’t the one who when you fuck up and slam all doors shut,
isn’t the one who stayed where she is bitching about you to her friends and
anyone close by her.
The girl that matters is the girl that ﬁnds you, will do whatever it takes to
says..
“You fucked up baby, but so do we all. It will be alright, let’s talk, as we got
something not many have. Can we start where we left oﬀ?”
That’s the girl right there is rare.
And when you fucked up then ensure to not do that action again and grow
together. Figure it out together and from experience, you’ll grow stronger
together.
The next time - you are stronger, clearer in mind, and you do it better than before
but you will one way or another, in the future..fuck up but you’ll know how to
handle it better.

Or someone else will fuck up and you can be that person to ﬁnd that one door
that isn’t shut to say the same words that it’s ok, we all fuck up, let’s start all over.
I am in my 40s and I still fuck up and whether people forgive or not, it is down to
them but I grow anyway, and I ﬁgure my internal emotions, I question what I can
do better.
Those who put others on a pedestal, infatuated about someone in their mind, as
the perfect person, who cannot fuck up, will not really love someone but really
they are but infatuated and see only that, the fuckups.
They only see the perfection.
They only see the dream.
They didn’t see the person.
They will always just see the fuckups and nothing else.
They will forget all the good, and only see the fuckups.
Those who don’t put you on a pedestal, will see a human being and
they will see their fuck ups too and realise…
“OK I fucked up many a times in my life too…”
See the lesson and move forward.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the deﬁnition of dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the deﬁnition of dating?

The social norms deﬁnition - a trial period in which two people impress their
asses oﬀ, pretending they are cool, and as they read each others hints because
both are scared shit of rejection. Impressing witth resturant meals and boring
small logical talk that even make the wet salads dry. To decide if it’s 50/50 for bill
or who pays all.
Reality - Trial period in which none is wiser about what to fucking do now, and
who is going to call ﬁrst, text ﬁrst and if he/she wants to date again. If he or she is
that into them. Frustrating each other like crazy.

Adam Taha deﬁnition- A trial period in which both have shown direct intent
and know they are both attracted to each other. So meet, walk, have fun, fuck,
and forget even thinking you got control to long-term relationship. That’s why it’s
called dating and not…relationship.
Reality - It is a trial period. You at least know you’re into each other immediately,
no games, hints and get on with it without some grand expectations. You cannot
control the outcome. Enjoy the moment and see how it goes. It’s too soon to
frame anything into a Long-term relationship.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Does he still secretly love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he loved you, he probably does. For most of us men, we hide our emotions a lot.
I know the women I once loved I still love. Not that I would say that to women I
am lovers with to their face.

I cannot speak for someone else, but yes, if I loved someone, I’ll still be in love
with them from a far, be in my memory, I’ll miss the chats, the feeling but I won’t
miss the rollercoaster, doubts, the lack of reassurance, when I needed it the
most…or whatever the reason I moved on for.
But I will remember the good times, the laughter, the fun, the intimacy, and every
words I said, I meant. I remember her laugher, or her jokes, or her tease, or the
way she showed her beauty, and some of her insecurities that would have done
my head in.
I’d remember her life, what food she likes, what she doesn’t, what gives her
allergies, her stories of her family, o er brothers or sisters, of her goals and
dreams, hopes, fears, what she dislikes about the world, people, and of how she
doubts herself as we all do.
I’d remember her personality, her character and many things she may not know I
see in her.
I doubt they remember me much as I found too many talk much about
themselves to ever realise, they hardly know who I am but by that time of
knowing, they missed that time to do so.
In one hand, I would hope “if only” as I spiral into the void and in the other, a
hand of my own reaches out to pull me out, and live on. The aching pain in my
gut that seems to also swim in my chest to not know how to get rid of it.
In one hand I see how amazing it could have been, how I would have loved in all
ways I wanted to and be that hero for her, or she be nine. In one I fear it will grow
even more if I look back and say hello, to start again, fresh, see that I am human
with many faults, as I do not know how to settle these emotions down when in
love.
In one hand I’d leave all to ﬁnd her and see her again to explain all the demons
away in hope she understands. In the other, I know too often many can hold
grudges and will probably remind me of my mistakes and exact some revenge of
some kind.
In one hand I wish I was stronger, far more patient, far more understanding and
far more wiser and fearless to be true to all not just some of my words..but…in the
other hand, I remember what I didn’t get, why what I wanted seem to be too
much, how it maybe so in the future for us and why it hurts to walk on.
In one hand, I hope in future she will have grown as I would, and we meet in some
way, accidently, wiser, more compassionate and fall in love in again.
In the other, I know people carry bitterness, not so easy to forgive and have
someone so high on a pedestal that it be so tiny for it to ever happen, so I walk on.
In one hand, I like to believe the good part I was told on how loving,
compassionate she is, and the tears I saw were not of pretence.
In the other, I know people forget easily of the good, the value, when they were in
a bad place and will only remember that one fuck up.
I will remember the curve on her smile, the tapetesty of her personalities and the
beauty of her body but I also remember the darkness I felt, something up, red
ﬂags or my own insecirties, how she knew from all I wrrote or knew of me, she
crossed those lines again and again as I observed and questios, to wonder would
someone who love me, who knows me, who read of what I write do that.
And when I wanted reassurance, conﬁdence and never got it, or whatever it was,
who knows for me walk on living.

It is a myth, which propagated by many, that when a man leaves for another, or
moves on, that he never loved the woman he’s with.
Those who say that must have thought love was enough.
There was the time to ﬁght for it.
There was the time to give all you got.
There was a time to show your beauty, all your nakedness, all then.
There was a time to shower love, admiration, asking man what he is,
what is he into, what does he do, what is his passion, and talk about his
passion, and see into his life.
There was a time to pluck from the world all his work, reveal it to him
and talk about it with pride and love.
Then was that time. Then.
Unfortunately, most would spend their time all about themselves while man is
doing the asking, the admiration, ﬂirting, seuxalising and more with courage,
bravery, being vulnerable while most women, did not and held onto their own
insecurities.
There was a time to ﬁght, and that was the time.
There was a time to show in all it’s nakednes and beauty. That was the
time.
There was a time to capivate, lure, seduce in a fun, upbeat, healthy, sexy
as hell manner. That was the time.
There was a time to learn from a man like me. That was the time.
There was the time to do whatever you can with whatever you got, to
show you desire him so much with more than words.
Then was the time. Then.
Not trickery but seduce in all her beauty and make him so mesmerised,
captivated instead of him seeing insecurities. Doing so consistently rather
holding back when a woman thinks she got the man.
There was a time and it was at that time it needed to be shown.
But if you take what he desires for granted like it is a small thing, take that time
for granted, think he will always be there like he is of no value, take his brash…
bold..sexualising for granted, thinking all men do that, think again.
Most men are pussies and insecure to ever do that.
If a woman thinks man is not human, doesn’t have doubts, worried of
uncertainty, needs no reasurance…and you make a big mistake.
There was a time and that’s was the time to show it all.
Mostly out of bitterness, many will say the man didn’t love the woman to
rationalise, to heal, to move on.
I won’t do that. If I loved a woman, I will never regret but treasure how I felt for
her and how she felt for me.
When I loved in that time, I meant every word of it.
But love is not enough.
Man needs reassurance and if it doesn’t come, in that time he so needed it, if you
ignore that time of conﬂict and disappear for a few days and not reassure,

thinking you are a godess, and you got him for always now….he becomes a demon
of himself and you will not reognise him or his behaviour, to wonder how can he
move on like that, without a word.
The same way, where so many women do the same and become so diﬀerent
to the woman…the man thought he knew.
However, if a man has loved a woman, and I am talking personally, he will always
love her. If he’s sensible, not a fucking idoit and turning what he said and how he
loved her, into poison in saying he never did.
If he doesn’t talk like some macho fool to cover his pain, he will still love her
without denying it.
I’ve never regreted loving a woman even if it fucks up, or I fuckup, or the women
fuck up, or for whatever the reason it fuck ups.
So yes, some men probably will love secretly..
But love isn’t enough.
Depending on who she is and where the man is, there will be an investment level
from his side. If she is in other part of the city, that will mean some investment
from him and needs reassurance of a higher level than a woman locally.
If she is in a diﬀerent country, be careful then, fore his investment now is higher
and if you sown any seed of doubt, any, then he will question himself, on how can
he invest going all the way, paying for hotel, paying for month or week, mauybe
even not being let in the country even when he has the visa, to lose all the money
he paid for hotel and so on….when the woman is not showing complete 100%
certainty in behaviour and her words?
If a man sees in time he’s just not getting what he wants, if he cannot be himself,
of whenever he opens is thrown at it with guilty, hurt, and so he apologises, for
being open about his feeling, for empathy is not words, it is action, in which a
peson will say..
“Baby, I so understand, let’s work together and make it work with,..what we have,
even though we cannot do all for now…”
Then he’ll probably is already deciding to move on or has done.
The biggest challenge for man, is being open to be vulnerable and in sharing
his feeling.
He fears rejection or he fears he cannot open up and be himself to the woman he
loves.
It is one of his greatest fears of all.
He has been conditioned, drummed into, that if he says how he feels, he will
seem weak, he will hurt someone’s feelings, he will have let down his gaurd and
he will ﬁnd himself having to apologise for his feelings, for what he asked for, for
what he wants, for what will make him feel amazing…. and lose the status or level
that the woman he loves held in her eyes of him.
Be warned then - to never let a man know you are disappointed, hurt, crying or
wallowing in pity when he opens up, because he…shared how he feels and what
he feels is up, and wants to know what is going on.
That is not about trust.
That’s him wanting to be loved and want reassurance in words and behaviour.
He is saying,

“Reassure me, tell me it’s all in my head, tell me this is for real, again, and again,
just let me know now, again. I am investing a lot here. Tell me, show me, cast these
doubts out of my head. I need reassurance.”
If he hears “if..” that seed of doubt will also be sown on him.
Love after all, is not enough.
He needs reassurance.
He needs to know always a woman feels the same in her behaviour, in her words,
and “if” for that slight moment, there is doubt, you may ﬁnd though he loves, he
will not stay but move on or he will not really committ.
Especially if his investment is going to be higher like travelling to another city,
another country or…he has to face his relatives for being with her.
I call this certainty.
The same certainty a man needs to make his move so he knows he won’t get
rejected and if a woman doesn’t know how, learn. No more excuses about time,
place, not got this or not got that.
Like I said. There is a time. It will not always be there.
Give him certainty always.
Always be certain.
Never use “if” and “maybe” it sows doubt. This is not the time to pimp status and
trying to show you got value. He is already interested and that is why he is
spending time with the woman.
That’s like an anvil hammering and like thunder roaring when he hears those
words. It throws him oﬀ completely.
If you talk about other men. You sown seed of doubt.
It causes confusion for him.
“What is she saying all this for?”
If you talk about admiration of others about you and they are guys. You do so
again.
If you talk about crushes, this and that. You hammer the nail in.
What does woman expect when she is talking to a man she s attracted to?
Even if a man dates multiple lovers, you don’t sow seeds of doubt. He will then
see the woman like the rest. Gamers. Manipulators. Sirens.
I have never spoken such things to women I love.
I don’t talk about crushes
I don’t talk about who I am dating
I don’t talk about who I had sex with
I don’t talk about who showed interest in me
I don’t becaiuse my focus is on her.
This is the time and this time will never come again.
This is the time to show and focus on the person when with them, whether face to
face, phone or text This is the time not later.
So I don’t do what most do. I don’t no need to.

I don’t need the attention and validation, and to impress when talking to women I
am attracted to. Status when with a woman is not talked but revealed by his
world.
She sees it in his behaviour and world around him he is involved with. He doesn’t
have to say it to her.
But most women do it all time to me and well, that seed is sown and now it grows,
and grows without them realising with each behaviour or lack of, they do.
The smart ones and mature, know to stay away from that nonsense. They
have grown. They’ve learned. They have experience. They understand such
things don’t need to be said at all.
You may think he sabotaged but look closely at your behaviour and all the
timeline of your words…
Go on. Take a look.
Open your phone
Or remember the coversation you had with him on phone. He is always
assessing the woman, always.
Take a look at the time line….and you may ﬁnd…the real culprit is thy
own insecurities not his.
Take a look at who was speaking about themselves the most. Take a look at how
many times you said “if,” and “maybe.”
Here’s a Checklist…
Take a look how many times you asked him about his life.
Take a look at when he shared something of his work that took hours and
weeks, whether you ignored it and didn’t speak about it and asked
questions about it.
Take a look at whether you told him what you like to talk about like it’s a
some list while disregard in asking…what he enjoys talking about.
Take a look how many times when he ﬂirted, you avoided it again and
again. Take a look and see. It’s all there to see.
Take a look at how many times he complimented but it was thrown in his
face.
Take a look how he sexualised lightly or hardcore and if you went all
insecure and threw it back at him or did you laugh, smile, hit him back
with the same thing to show him, you’re a woman who is not insecure
about her sexuality. Take a look and see.
Take a look at how when you teased on how the sun kissed your ass or
legs and it hurt….and he said “show me” you throw it back a him like
you’re accussing him of being a pervert.
Take a good look and see….
Take a look at how when he showed his feelings, on what he feels,
something is wrong. Did you say it hurt you, that you was so shocked, in
pain, crying and say how he wants a godess, perfection?
Or did you say,
“I completely understand baby, I love you. Tell me more how you feel..”
When he said that he didn’t want a solution.

He ws not chaning you.
He was sharing his feelings! His pain! His frustrations and opeing up!
That is your cue to say..
“Yes baby,tell me more. I understand. I am listening. Tell me more baby…”
He wanted empathy, love, not guilt, not shame, not how what he wants is
so much, perfecton and how it cannot happen because…
because….because..”
We are not so diﬀerent but most like many believe men are.
Take a look.
Open your phone. See the ﬂow of text messages or remember the conversation on
phone or your behaviour.
What do you see?
You will suddenly wonder, if you’re honest..
“Holy shit. What the hell was I doing?! He is into me and I am pushing him away.
He is doing this and I ignore. He shared his feelings and I made him feel guilty and
ashamed about it. If someone said that to me and did this…I’d run! I’d not even care
to say bye..”
Why wouldn’t you, after that?
Sometimes, the one who asks “does he secrely love me?” Is the one who secretly
wishes he is with her ;)
There is a time. Now is that time.
Just note, in all I said, if you were to take away anything away from this…
Love..is…not…enough.
19.2k Views · View Upvoters

How would you respond to someone telling you "life isn't fair"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Yeah but life isn’t fair
Me - You’re right?
Girl - I am?
Me - Yes, it’s not fair but it’s up to you to make it fair ;)
Girl - Oh.
52 Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that your 20s are the best time of your life?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Updated Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally I found the best time of my life is when I got to my 30s, 40s. Yes I had
great time when younger but nowhere compared to when I am older. There is no
comparison.
I look at my younger years and no comparison on the best times I am having right
now, and have been from moment I got to let’s say 25 years old, momentum
kicked in faster when 30s, and now living it up in the 40s.

My uncle used to say the older you get, the better it is. I never believed him but as
years went by, as I got older, I began to see and feel what he meant.
If he was still here, I would say “You were right. It is.”
My best time and still happening in an awesome way in my 40s. Plus I look better,
stronger and have more resources, knowledge and skills.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says he wants to do what he
wants without anyone whining and complaining?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He has had enough of girls who see him as a shiny object and then try to
change and ﬁx him.
2. He is saying, “you see who the I am, and if this isn’t you or for you, why
even bother trying to be in my life and then get all upset when I want this
and that? This is who I am. Not about trust or his or that. Behave the way
I like or leave me alone.”
3. I am sick of people telling me what I need to do and become. So now, this
bad boy is going to do what he wants, when he wants and if that means
fuck a woman in ass and pussy, all night long, what if it means talking
sexy, fun, upbeat than dark and negative then this is how it is.
4. This is who I am, she better be the type who likes that or what’s the point
you is not sexual, insecure about it and being here with me when I am
sexual and not inseciure about? To ﬁx me, change me? Move along then
because I am sick of people seeing I am so good guy, that I will be that
good for them, when I am this. Forget ﬁxing me. Move on.
5. I am sick of people telling me what dreams to go for, jobs to go for, how to
live. So I am gong to do what I want. So people better stop whining and
complaining if they want to be part of my life.
6. I need to be me. I have tried to be what other people want. I tried to come
in middle. I tried to be patient in hope they grow but every time they go
back to where there were, and I get frustrated, I get all bottled up. I give, I
am there, I reply fast, I respond fast and they they don’t.
7. When they want attention, I give but when any moment I send, respond,
I am waiting when it’s fucking right time for them, right moment for
them, when they are not busy. If you can check your mobile and a blue
tick, you cannot even say “Hey, busy, work, I’ll reply soon?” So no more
putting girls and anyone else’s ﬁrst. I am patient to a fault but people
especially girls take the piss.
8. No more talk about crushes. No more talk about guys dicks. No more
who saw you attractive. This isn’t about I don’t trust. You can go and fuck
whoever but stop talking abouit it!
This is having the deceny to stop talkng thats shit to anyone when
communicating with them face to face or text or phone.
No more talk about your life, about how dark it is, how hard it is, oOh
Oooh hard it is. Get a journal and write but bring fun to me, upbeat to
me. Bring….Value. Something I can learn and grow with not pain,
negativity and darkness and bullshit.
We all got a hard life but we don’t need to vomit it on people we love day
after day. I’m sick of that shit.Life is hard already for me. I don’t need to

hear it. I’m no one’s therapist. Therapist have their own therapist. That’s
how bad it can get if you do that to someone.
9. So now…they can all fuck oﬀ, every woman or man, whoever if that’s how
it is. I have to be me or it will kill me inside and you is…killing me…so
stop trying to ﬁx me. I have tried being someone for everyone. No more.
10. If you don’t want to get hurt move on. You cannot ﬁx me or change me, I
have done all that. I am not prince charming. I am no the saviour. I am
not the knight. I am not the “one.” I am not the nice, good or bad. I am
just gunning for what I want like everyone else who pretend they are not.
At least..I am direct in who I am and sometimes, I give middle ground
but girls take the piss.
11. If you want to hang with me, get close with me, know that because I’m
not going to change and I don’t want to hear anyones whining,
complaining, crying how I hurt them beause I share how I feel, what I
want.That’s why I block.
12. That’s why I move on without explaining. I say this they cry, I say that
they cry, making me feel guilty for saying how I want it to roll. I say I
want this they are hurt. I cannot even say shit to girls and they are
crying, hurt….saying how hurt they are and all I said this is how I feel, I
need this feeling, this behaviour. So then I apologise for saying what I
want and for feeling guilty for being myself.
I cannot be myself anymore. So no more.
13. You see? I am sick of always being what someone else wants, waiting for
someone else to change, waiting for them to grow, waiting when it’s
alright for them to get whatever from me but when I want..I am waiting
for people to grow, waiting…waiting…whe it’s right time, right moment
for them. I don’t even get half way or a little but they change back to
whatever and…..nothing.
14. I will love the person more than they can imagine if they give me what I
want. I will as a lover and even in friendship, if they give me what I want.
15. It’s easy when you’re with people who are same like you, who want what
you want, ready to be in that place and it doesn’t become this game, this
ﬁght, tug of war, looking for hints where we both get hurt. I am tired of
the games. No more.
16. This is me and so I am going to be me. You be you but don’t whine and
complain when I say this is how it rolls.
In other words, he’s giving you heads up, just in case, you start trying to change
and ﬁx him, like most have tried to do and then whine and complain when he
dissappoints them due to them putting him on some pedestal.
It doesn’t mean you did anything but he has to say it just in case so you know
where he is in his life.
Probably values your friendship/connection or he won’t say it.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is life for you in a sentence?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In two words…
Self love.

In a journey full of fuckups in which you hope you ﬁnd someone to help you heal
but you discover the deep wounds just get triggered again and again; a never
ending void spiralling down, untl you can meet the child within you on your
own….to talk and heal, and realise the only one who can heal you…is yourself.
The ﬁnal mystery and puzzle of life.
The most diﬃcult to do.
Love yourself.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

As a guy how can I look hot for the girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hot Girls?
Then it is status. That’s what a lot of hot girls go for. Not all but many do. The
one’s who look like some aspiring models, with tons of Instagram of photos, then
it is status you need to build.
You need to be in “the crowd.”
The challenge is most guys focus looking for hot girls.
That already shows guys don’t know much of the social dynamics, culture,
psychology and what inﬂuences these hot girls.
You can be an average guy, but if you have status, then you have what we call
Perceived Value. Perceived value is your social value, also known as Social Status.
This is based on the following factor:
Appearance and assmmptons that the girls think/perceive about you.
People are drawn to what they perceive as value for their world. They will do so
for one reason - survival.
You got the social status, so the hot girls will be drawn towards you to get a share
of the social status power you got, and then use it within her world. Her friends
will gravitate to her to also get a share of status power. On and on the links and
chain builds.
This is why the questions in their mind probably be..
1. Is he cooler?
2. Is he cooler than me?
3. How will it look like to my inner and larger social group, if I dated him?
4. Is he part of the loser guys or is his friends cool guys?
5. Will I look sexy and better with him or lose social status?
6. Is he sexually experienced?
7. How does he see women who like to have fun and lots of friends?
8. Is he judgemental if a girl is very sexual or is he open minded?
9. Who does he know in the “in crowd?”
You want hot girls, then know their psychology. Know exactly what they
desire and relate to.
They don’t post tons of photos of them looking hot on Instagram for nothing.
They are pimpimg their social status to other girls and other guys, and people
follow as well to get a share of that social status.

That is why having millions of followers is about.
That’s what also gets companies paying them as they have perceived value, which
is currency, future sales for these companies but also these hot..girls who have
millions of followers will get sponsors/money/gifts.
It is only Perceived value.
It means fuck all when it comes to absolute value but the world sees perceieved
value ﬁrst. The world judges you in 3 seconds, whether we like to say looks don’t
matter blah blah, all day long.
If you want it hard, follow that cliche motivational jumbo but if you want to make
easier to attract hot girls, then it is socal status you need to build.
And a gym membership is not perceived value.
Every hot girl can get a gym membership but can any guy in their get her in
thelast VIP list of the hottest clubs or whatever increases her status.
Yes, train, but don’t think that’s perceived value.
Status is not your lifestyle, or achievements or even your accomplishments like
your job, your income, your degree etc.
These are are Absolue Value, which cannot be faked. These are your personality,
your career, business, lifestyle, your degree, hobbies and all that.
The mistake most guys make is they think to attrract they use absolute value.
That’s for retaining relationship.
Perceived valued is what attracts hot girls and if relationship happens then
absolute value is what she will look next for long-term relationship.
So learn how to build Social Status that these hot girls identify clearly as,..social
status. It’s not just any status.
You can be a coder, know all the top coders, and companies connecting with you
but that is not the status that relates to what the hot girls perceive as status.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you start feeling inferior that everyone
around you has a great job, perfect family and you are still
struggling with career?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Jul 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I see what you’re asking.
You feel inferior because you’re so focused in comparing yourself to everyone
else’s movie or demo vdeo of their life replaying in front of you.
Avoid comparing yourself and instead compare yourself to what steps you
achieved for your life one day at a time.
The people you are comparing yourself, you don’t see their fears, what they face,
unhappiness, or joy, or whatever they are going through. You only probably see
the clothes, cars, job, and so on but not the path that got them there.
What you’re doing is you’re looking at a mirror, and it’s reﬂecting back at you, and
problem with that, you’re measuring someone else’s stick with yours when you
need to measure your own improvement by the steps you take for your own
movie, own life.

Acknowledge that success doesn’t happen in a day, and respect whatever success
means to you, and instead of comparing to others, look at your own development
and improvement.
Focus there and it be more productive and you’ll also get more excited because
your attention will be on your yard stick, on what you need to improve on rather
comparing yourself to others.
I know it’s not going to be easy mate but if you know yourself more than others,
set your goals towards your improvement, you’ll ﬁnd yourself easing up on
looking outside to deﬁne what success is to you.
Create your own demo reel on paper and in your mind.
Get a board and put the path you will achieve and images. See your movie
replaying to you far more than someone else’s.
Be excited about that and work towards it, step by step, everyday to improve your
success in whatever career you are working towards.
Look at your movie more than someone else’s.
2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Neel Ayesha

Is being ripped really that attractive to women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can be ripped but if you don’t have the following then you’re making it very
diﬃcult for yourself…
1. Sexual appeal - look, style
2. Social freedom/killer instnct - can approach anyone, girls, guys, talk
because you overcame anxiety and now ﬂowing with it.
3. Status for more power and it makes it easier. Social status is the
appearance, assumptions of people around you including girls on your
perceived value.
You can have ripped muscle but if a guy who is average looking, without ripped
muscle but has higher perceived value…girls will be attracted to him.
Yes looks matter but…not as you think it is.
An average guy who knows how to hustle, understands the world around him,
knows what the girls want. So ﬁgure out what you look for in a girl and then see
their world and you’ll see what they value the most.
You got it good with muscles and all, ﬁne but now you need to add other things to
help you to give you the ede and you’ll be ﬂying.
Think of it of like as the full package.
See here for more details
Adam Taha's answer to How do I get better at attracting women?
You are connected to top a night club promoter, who you help to bring hot girls.
He gets credit but you get status, free entry, no que, vip table and all eyes are on
your table, and free dinks for you and girls who sit with you.
Or you connected with gym instructor, and now being part of their in crowd. The
other women see you as part of the “in crowd,” and so you are seen as if you’re an
instructor, got status.
But being able to also set up competitions with the instructors for others to
compete is where now have…swag. Coolness. You’re far more valuable in status in

gym.
That’s swag.
You’re now the man who…can. The cool guy who makes things happen for “the in
crowd.”
Girls want the man who can and is “in crowd.”
You can still do it without that but you then need sexual appeal and approach
tons of girls. That’s takes balls.
Yes, superﬁcial.
Welcome to the real world. That’s how it works in any industry if you want to be
the one blazing it.
9.3k Views · View Upvoters

Former bullied kids, what did your bullies do when they met
you as an adult?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Jul 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Him - School
Me - Yeah
Him - Didn’t know
Me - I know
HIm - You did fuck my teeth up though
Me - Yeah sorry about that but you took it too far
Him - Another game of pool?
Me = Yeah but it’s my time to break
Him - Ok
I was playing pool, he walked in, and I saw him.
I walked over and said hi and said..
“Do you want the rest of the teeth knocked out?”
“Adam? Hahaha. Fuck me mate. You’re bigger than me?”
“Yeah, boxing.”
“Oh”
“Listen I got a table and my mate is late again. Want a game?” I said.
“Yeah. sweet.”
I forgave him.
I have for a lot of people who did a lot of shit to me. I can’t carry all that on me.
Too heavy. It’s not like I am perfect and haven’t done wrong in my life.
I fuck up still. Life is full of fuckups sometimes.
He made my life hell but..
If I can forgive someone, I will.
In hope, I get that too but that’s not in my conrol but what is, is letting go. I can’t
carry it all on me. It be too heavy. I’m carrying too much as it but slowly, I am
getting better of letting go of some more.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people give up so easily on relationships nowadays? Are
we becoming more and more selﬁsh?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I couldn’t have said it better than Myra Scott..
It’s exactly how I feel… I wish at times, I also can walk away amicably and not
hurt others I have in past. When I don’t get what I want, all I was is gone, and all is
replaced by a guy who doesn’t give a shit and walks without a damn word…
Mostly because I have always been direct from the very begining who I am, what I
want and was clear from day one. But to ﬁnd many a times, the ﬂow is about
ﬁxing and changing, rather than being and natural.
Like you a woman knows completely I am not a nice guy. Know I am bad in that I
am selﬁsh in my desires and if I don’t get it I am gone. Knows I love sex and date
others. I am so clear about who I am from day one.
Most men aren’t but I lay it all on the line, there and no hiding.
Knows I love fun up beat conversatons,. Knows this is my emotinal psychological
language. Knows I am hardcore and loves the visual when communciation and it
doesn’thave to be their body, the way I use gifs and images not of my own body.
Knows I hate negativity.
Read a thousand times on what atraction is in my answers and how I don’t
respect hearing about crushes, guys and all the rest.
But always and most of time, it is like they got to challene, got to ﬁx, got to
change, got to mould.
In other words, your boundaries are being voilated.
It only leads to shit feelings, and I hate that feeling because you feel
unappreciated, you feel your state of mind being changed or moved, and you
don’t like that feeling and feel guily about what you want
When you share why you feel or what you feel, you see it hurts other person, the
one you love. So what’s the point being open…if that’s what it does when you
share your feelings.
If what you want hurts or upsets, if your feelings hurts. and makes you feel guilty,
you hear it makes feel so upset, made them cry, and yet you have been listening
to their pain and stood strong…their worries, their rants…you now see the future.
So the future outcome will be disasterous.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the feeling like when you prove your doubters wrong?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Prove to my doubters?
I got a far bigger, doubter, far bigger than all this world contained and it’s him I
got to prove to. And no matter how hard I hit, he’s far bigger, far ruthless, like a
void, deep botomless pit, and nothing satisﬁes him.
He won’t let me sleep.
5 am he pushes me out of bed without mercy like a commando. Nudging me as I
walk half asleep on wooden cold ﬂoor.
After shower and breakfast, I hit the work,
I can hear him snarling like a lion, close to my face, watching me with those
blazing ﬁrey eyes of his.

I write the books, illustrate hundreds of drawings for future mauals on sex
positions, orgasms, dating and more.
Pushing. pushing he does.
He won’t leave me alone and won’t give me peace.
If I put my jacket on to even walk outside, he’s with me talking, snarling,
growling, teeth snapping and telling me..
“Time is running out,time is running out, what are you doing? You haven’t reached
there yet, get back and do that work! Don’t be like those before you. They left
nothing, no legacy,nothing. You haven’t got time to waste!”
Always pushing me, always telling me I can do better. Always telling me that no
way in hell I am going to settle for less. Stay away from negativity. Keep that mind
sharp.
“Have no mercy for any who try to give toxic to your mind. You’re not their
babysitter or therapist. Focus! Focus! Focus!”
He gets involved in all my aﬀairs including relationships, always telling me what
to look for, this and that, must move on, no, this is not good enough, no this a
trap, no you got to forget it, you can’t.
“There is work to do..do..do..do. Look you made her cry. She’s not for you. Move on.
Forget it. Move on. You are not going to change and they won’t. Forget it. Move on!
He hates negativity. So when he hears it, he grab my arm and and moves me on.
He doesn’t like negativity at all. I have to move on because his snarling, teeth
snapping gets louder as he comes closer to my face.
He’s one selﬁsh bastard as well. He sounds gentle, he sounds romantic, he sounds
all the good you can hear and imagine.
But he will pin a woman to wall, have her on a leash and he will pound her right
there and throw on bed and continue like raging beast. He’ll tie her up, hands
tied, legs wide open and tighed and put a gagg on her..
He willl even say to the woman outright before she meets him...
“If you meet me, that’s what’s going to happen. Stay he fuck away if that is not what
you want. Far away. I’m done changing for anyone. Done! Alwayss ﬂirt, be sexy, fun,
sexual wth me. It’s my language. Don’t like? We’re done!”
If he doesn’t get what he wants, if he gets a hint of games, if he gets a hint of
seeing he gives more and he is taken for granted….if he feels it grinding and feels
avoidance…he will cut and severe all ties, and not give a damn.
Telling him how you care about him, love him,and “you are the world to me,”
doesn’t mean anything to him until actions are aligned. He loves the worlds but
he needs the backup visual action with it.
He has heard these words before.
Too many times from women.
He’s wants action.
If he hears after he speaks…
“What can I do to make you happy, what can I do to make it right?”
He will think…
“SHOW ME. DON’T TELL ME! YOU ALREADY KNOW!”

But won’t say it and be dissapointed on how he said it so many times already,
been direct, said it blatantly and he is tired of it being a battle, feeling guilty of
what he wants and apologises, and sorry, and whatever.
But if he gets what he wants, he will face the world with that person and the pack
of wolves and face them head on.
He’ll go against the whole world for that person. Loyal but not a doormat. He will
come to the ends of the earth to meet but say these words..
“If…maybe…can’t..but..”
Then death is all they bring to him because he likes certainty and he cannot bank
on doubt, on ifs and “if.”
“If” words and
“this guys…this boss…this teacher…I got crush on…… guy sent this….”
Doubt has set in for me to hear the snarling, snapping and growling..
“this guy? crush? talking to me and talking that shit to me? Is she out of her mind? I
don’t say shit like that. Never have. She know how serious this is? What is this IF? I
am certainty and i hear IF? Is this a fucking joke? If? Back and forth, back and
forth. I am doing his for “if?”
Oh no, he’s not a Narcissit but he wishes he can cut all his emotions out, and not
feel a fucking thing because when sees a dog on street limping, he chokes. When
he sees a river dark and poluted by companies throwing shit, he cries, when he
sees forest cut…he worries of the future, if he sees gang of guy beating some guy,
he’ll run and jump in and probably get beaten to shit as well and end up with
plaster for a month or two.
When he loves and walks away, it hurts deep.
When he thinks of his mother that past away, the world seems dark, and dripping
like black ink and ﬁre is all he sees.
Doubters?
The person he got to prove to every damn day overshadows these doubters like
the dark night that envelopes the clear blue sky.
I can hear him waking up. I can hear his teeth snapping. I can hear him growling
and feel him very close…so close…
You tell me, how can I even give a thought of proving to doubters, anyone, man or
woman, when I got this guy…inside…me?
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Daniel Carter

How do I get better at attracting women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Forget women entirely for now
2. Build your sexual appeal
3. Build your status
4. Build your swag
5. Know everything about your target audience i.e. the women you are into.
Diﬀerent social group of women are into diﬀerent types of things.
The hot ones will have their own lingo, own behaviour, and into their own things
and hang around with other such similiar women. I call them the Instagram

crowd ;)
The loner ones are going to be diﬀerent. They prefer working under cover, are
awkward and into particular topics.
So ask what you’re looking for in a woman and then look at her world and
observe, gather and understand. List what they desire, strive for, hope for, want,
don’t want, fear, don’t fear and more.
Why?
Because relatability is huge. It assures them. “He’s part of our in crowd. Yeah, let
him in!”
Another piece of advice, it can be applied to anything in life. I’m just giving an
example. Feel free to get creative in looking at your world/area of interests.
Focus in investing in yourself and create the world around you.
If you, for example, are into music, love it, love the night scene as well,
then you will build a world around that. Then ﬁgure out the target
audience (women) you want to attract.
How do you build the world by investing in yourself?
What does it really mean to invest in yourself?
Does it mean reading tons of books? No.
Does it mean being a smart ass with literature? No.
Does it mean becoming talented in your ﬁeld? No.
You can do that anyway but I’m sure met so many who are talented, passionate,
but broke, or lonely, or stuck.
I’m sure you’ve had enough of the bullshit so here goes…
As in the example… if you love music and the night club scene, connect with
promoters at the clubs and make a deal. “Hey, look, I like this place. I can bring hot
women here.”
You’re making their job easier and getting them credit for the work you’re doing.
You ﬁgured out what they really want.
This is really how it goes in life.
If women don’t know what a guy wants or does and ﬁghts it, get ready to lose the
man. No matter how good man he is, he’s ﬂying soon. If a man don’t know what a
woman wants or does, and ﬁghts it, get ready to lose the woman.
Love is not enough.
Same hre. Talent is not enough.
The promoter will say ok because you are speaking their language. You leave and
do that - approaching tons of hot women, girls, and promote the club. They will
have ﬂyers. Bang your number on it. Get a new phone.
You got the promoters number, and so when you got enough girls, he puts them
on his list and you will also be on that list.
You bring those women along or they are on then list anyway, so they will come
and you wait with the promoters as they arrive.
The ﬁrst is you raised your perceived value.
There’s a massive queue but you and the girls get in because you are on the
promoter’s list. You get in for free.

Others women in que and guys are watching, you now have status.
You also are given a VIP table and all eyes of women are on those tables.
In other words, your Perceived value,is your “social” value or what is known
today as “social status.”
It is based on the subcommunication (visual) not verbal.
It is based on your appearance, the asssumptions of people who recognise in their
own mind and world on what social status looks like to them. They see that and
their perception sees social status.
It is not about accomplishments, achievements, or your lifestyle, which most
always mess up in believing that’s what it is about.
You can be an average dude, but when you got social status, when you can get
women into places where others can’t, to guys too you got swag.
When you can get the VIP table while others have to stand in queue and not be at
those tables you got swag.
When promoters let you in ahead of all the others. When you get the free drinks
on your table….you have…HIGHER Perceived Value = swag = cool guy.
In my personal experience - perceived value gets you laid.
Mad pussy if you like to call it and I don’t mess with words if you read many of my
answers.
Yes, I get tons of “you asshole” messsages.
It’s ok. They serve as my attention spike ;)
But this is half of the story as it is complex because there are additional
components to be added.
You do need to understand deeper level of this, and that’s in my book THE SWAG
FACTOR. THE EVOLVED MAN.
In that book it reveals more on why it works, it’s psychology in a way it’s easy to
read and understand.
The other part of the story.…
You can be average in looks but you can increase your averages by 5 to even more
but it will take some work and it is do-able.
It’s all about how badly you want it but it’s not that of a uphill struggle because
you’d do that for getting a job anyway.
If you apply this in the corporate world, on social media, or to a website with no
real status, it will propel you forward more than any fucking recruitment agent
and seo/personal branding bullshit.
Do the job once and right and it will serve you for the rest of your life. It will get
easier for you to build on it.
Apply this to all areas in your life. This is what I mean by investing in
yourself….
1. Your look
You can look healthier, hit the gym. Eat right. Diet right. Be consistent.
You don’t need to be huge but you do need to answer the unconscious
question in hot women’s mind “is he healthy.”

2. Style
You then choose the certain style of clothes. Since the style is in a world
of your interest, you know what clothes to wear to give you the edge. Do
your home work well as this is has a language of it’s own and you don’t
cut corners in this one or the ones I mentioned already.
3. Killer Instinct
This gives you the freedom in the social world in which you have got
what most guys won’t have and even some hot looking guys don’t have
from what I have seen personally.
That you can approach and talk to anyone, the hottest woman, the ones
that may intimidate others, even guys, and anyone really to be able to
start a conversation.
4. Swag - The Positioning and reinforcing Your Status
When you start doing the work, you will rise in rank and that’s what swag
is. It is how those in that world see you in totem pole of the hierachy
ladder, and how you reinforce the postion your put yourself in.
Now you got swag.
That’s what being “cool” guy means.
You can do this for any type of industry. Just be in that world you have a huge
interest in and love.
Then follow the process.
Notice something?
It is all about bulding you and your world ﬁrst. It’s about your resources.
It’s about your health. It’s about you. It makes your life far much easier
for you and it is far more productive and eﬃcient for you.
This is what I mean about investing in yourself.
So get a notepad, write down what you like to be known for, what makes you tick
with ﬁre and you will know what world to connect out there to build all around
you.
The faster you are honest to yourself about the life you want rather than the
women you want, the faster you can get started to build you, your world, your
status, your swag which attracts women to you.
You won’t need to prove anything.
You will be screening them in and out as they come to you because you’ve got
what they need, social status and they want a share of that power.
It’s in their DNA! That’s another story for another time.
15.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do they say nice guys ﬁnish last?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure.
You ready?
Has nothing to do with being honest, gentleman, hard working, to lie or not to lie.
To cheat or not to cheat. You don’t even need to lie, cheat or manipulate and all
what most like you to believe.

So we cannot succeed in anything faster only if we lie, cheat and
manipulate, huh?
So every guy who is making it happen is lying, cheating, manipulate, not
hard worker and honest?
And every sales rep, business man and woman is a applying the dog eat
dog mentality and running everyone over, right?
Bullshit!
The amount of people who are lazy ass, who don’t even study this and realise how
complex it can be when you date hottest girls in town. You don’t even need to be
the hottest guy in town.
You need status and status can easily be attained with some work but guys focus
too much on girls and not enough on their world, building that status, making
that connection where they have swag.
You can be an average guy but with edge...
1. Sexual appeal = look, style of clothes and can cut through social pressure
whete you now feel you got freedom to do whatever you want and
approach whoever without concerns who is looking or who is judging.
You don’t care who thinks you’re creep. You’re wiling to risk that because
the results outweigh more than what any say “oh creep.” You don’t care.
It gets results. Big results.
2. Swag - were you can reinforce yourself in the ladder of hierachy in
certain environments. You see it done many times in business, where
you are the one who makes it happen, create avenues for people to meet.
So like night club, you know a promoter, you can bring what he wants
(hot girls) and now you can get in free, get rinks freee, whatever free and
VIP table. You got swag as girls look at you as someone who is cooler than
even the hot guys.
Put there 4 together and you got power as an average guy that even the hot guy
wants to be part of and so do…the hot girls!
Don’t do this for long distance relationship.
It’s diﬃcult keeping connecting when she hasn’t emotionally invested i.e. sex.
That is then reality of it all.
Local you can make a huge change in your life.
This takes work in developing your…world.
When you do it, there is no race. No game.
You’re status will do far more good and be far powerful in future when it comes to
girls and women, if you build it while you are young.
How do you think a guy like me can get hot girls in night clubs? I got status
because I made connections with promoters.
I can walk into a busy night club, and there will be a massive quie but along with
me are 10 hot girls and I made a deal with the promote to let me in free, have any
drinks, sit on any VIP room or table, and that to other girls.
I don’t que.
He let’s in immediately with a smile, high ﬁver with 10 hot girls walking with me.
And when I walk down those steps with them leading in front, theother…
hot..girls are watching.

Now imagine the impact.
Please don’t let women bullshit you that this doesn’t mean anything. It
means alot than you can even imagine.
It means a lot in Pre-selection.
It means a lot as I am attracting even women online just by writing. It’s crazy but
it works and I haven’t even started online yet.
Just wait what you see coming down the line in months to come.
While most guys running, chasing, I am sitting and girls want to be on that table,
the VIP table.
You see?
I don’ t need to race.
I don’t need to game it.
I don’t need to be nice
I don’t need to be polite
I don’t need to be honest
I don’t need to lie
I don’t need to manipulate
I don’t need to see anyone as asshole, jerk, player or whatevr
I build it with my own hands = status
I rise in hierachy in the environment world I am in = Swag.
Bulld my world ﬁrst. Girls later.
Resources ﬁrst. Girls come anyway, later.
By the time i was 18 years old, mad pussy is what I got beause of this what I am
writing here. This is not mainstream and pickup crap.
This isn’t some mainstream magazine advice nonsense.
This is how it goes in the real world.
Here it is…the universe of all answers if you haven’t caught on yet..
Nice guy sees a race.
There is…no…race.
Think how powerful that is.
There is no race.
Race = the mentality that there is a lack of abundance of women. Parlysed,
overthinking and putting women on pedestal. He thinks there is a race and so, he
is always getting…ready…ready…ready…ready…and never approaching and he
will never improve.
He never builds his world. Never.
Unproductive.
Ineﬀecient.
He is always thinking there is “the one.”
Instead of developing…

A) His look +Sexual Appeal + status = Swag.
Nice Guy focuses so much in getting ready…ready…ready…ready to take action in
approaching the girl, so he never focuses on himself in developing his body, his
mind, his emotional toughness and his social circle.
He’s always getting ready..to..race for that “one” girl.
Yes? What happens when this girl, dissappears?
He is now down in the dumps so painfully hurt for investing on “one” girl who he
believed her words, that he is all she ever wanted. Then she fucks oﬀ, as easy as
she appeared.
Or you fuck oﬀ as easily as you appeared because most see you and then forget
what you are, what you are not and got to ﬁx, change or whatever. It becomes
very frustratig to such..
“I’m done”
And you dissappear. Then what?
I’m sitting in a night club or I am texting guys..
“Hey guys, bring your girls along, party tonight, and drinks provided.”
That’s swag. Leading. Coolness. Tons of girls come with the guys, bringing other
girls as friends.
You don’t even need night clubs.
You can do his shit anywhere but please, no boring shit but stuﬀ people are into
in your area, in your school, in your college, in your uni.
This isn’t about you doing a book club.
“Hey guys, we got a dorm sorted for drinks and chill, bring your girls along!”
Now you got status and swag.
“Hey guys, guess what? We got the hall sorted so we can do whatever. Send me what
you want to happen and we’ll get it rocking!
Or..
“Hey, I got 20 tickets for the bla blah night club, the one all the hottest girls and guys
trying to getbin and cost $50 to get in! Come to party girls and at end I’ll give out the
tickets”
The guy who creates for others to jump on. I am not getting ready for a race.
There is no race. There is no game.
There is only building my world and having fun.
And girls come along anyway and when they know who did that shit, you now got
the status, the swag, the coolness.
What happens when a guy is always getting ready for some race?
He gets parlyzed with fear.
He is all about himself, in his tiny 1–1 world.
Like a girl as well, 1–1 they are.
They always run out of people, always out of girls, always out of guys because
they are always about…themselves and so…they always..got..to..race!

Inexperienced, awkward and Christ, make sex and everything one big deal that if
they disappeared, you’d not miss them.
Even their facebook page is horror or doom and gloom.
You’d thank your lucky stars they faded away and you’ll be like me shouting..
“YES! FINALLY!”
What’s the race all about what?
To be approved, validated, accepted instead of him realising there is no race,
there is no game except his own self development. That there is a world to create
to engage and bring value to the table.
When it’s about attention and approved you work too hard doing that instead of
creating your world and a world will bring the girls.
It’s not just about you.
Man, an average guy can hook up with a promoter easily and bring folks in and
he’ll have coolness, the swag but he won’t do it because..it’s a race for him.
Everyone is the enemy.
All he got to do is ﬁnd out what someone wants and bring it on.
You can for example where you’re at see so many bored shitless and you can
create something for all to come..
“Hey lads, we got XYZ with drinks, bring the other lads in..”
Word gets round, you make things happen.
You don’t need social skills for that.
You just make things happen.
Nice guy who sees a race is all about himself.
Like the loner girl, who is all about herself, probably got two, three friends
who are also loners, and all about themselves.
So excited some guy even takes time to text her back and she talks shit until she
loses it, and don’t realise when she dissappears, he’s already hoping the stars take
her away.
The race is is selﬁsh.
The race is all about take.
The race never builds your world.
The race is one lonely fucked up place.
The race is all in the head.
It is all in the guy’s head and that’s where he or girls also live in. In their head and
nowhere else but their head.
World is whizzing past them and they live in their head wondering about some
race.
No race = The killier instinct (able to cut through social pressure) with sexual
appeal, and swag, who approaches many women, 20 a week and screens them in
or out, and will land a date, a fuck because he doesn’t see a race. He will develop
faster and in emotional toughness.
He’s the guy who is all about other people, making things happen by bilding
connections and ﬁnding out what those connection need.

He supplies and he gets what many people will never get so easily.
He will create far more opportunities than others.
He will have a high social instinct than most.
He will be far more courageous than the most guys who don’t do
approach enough and still obriting around one girl.
And if one or two girls fuck with him online or oﬄine, well, he has abundance
and a whole gang of girls numbers ready to ﬁre.
Sorry girls but you do need to knw, if you have been texing a girl and you fuck up,
well, just know, if he’s got swag, experience, sexual experience, and whole heap of
skills, social skills, you’re history.
You dissppearing doesn’t mean a thing to him but it will for you as you step into
then real world one day and realise..
“Shit. Thisn isn’t as easy as I thought it be. I had that guy who had the coolness,
swah and I was ﬁcking about being uptight withhim, when he was showing me
how it really rolls in life.”
The guy who doesn’t see a race will block a girl if she tries it on.
Nice guy thinks it’s a race and got to win her over to win then race!
No, the guy who doesn’t see a race also doesn’t see a game. He doesn’t see then
girl is a game. He only sees if she will make it easier, be fun, ﬂow with it and stop
with their insecurities and bullshit.
No game. No rules. Only his rules and attract girls with same compatibility and
mindset that love that type of guy.
They won’t act all innoncent, niave about sex, their bodies, this or that. They
gone past that bullshit.
He makes his own rules and just approaches many which increases his averages
far more than any guy, forget nice guy, ANY guy could ever have because there is
no race.
He doesn’t think there is a ﬁnish line.
There is no line.
There is no race. There is no game.
To be in a race and a game is to the wonder who is watching the race. It is to
compete rather to enjoy the experience.
The guy who sees a race and game will think about:
Who is looking
Who is judging
Who is going to approve
Who is not.
Is he good enough to be in a race
Will he win the race or lose the race
Come ﬁrst, second or third
What does he say to get in the race
What not to say

How can he be perfect ﬁrst to…win this one race, get a yes from one girl
and get that one outcome from…one girl.
What if this “one,” girl dissappears.
When there is no race….you don’t give a fuck who cheers, who approves and who
disappears.
You just do it again and again and walla. You got another girl or girls.
You don’t believe every girl is the “one.”
Because the one isn’t found.
It is earned through mutual respect and building a connection together without it
being a race or a game.
Until you screen in a girl that is sexually and romantically available and
compatible with you.
Nice guy = believes there is a race.
You don’t ﬁnish the race.
You ﬁnish on her pussy.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make a pizza dough more brown and crunchy in a
normal oven?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From personal experience. I used to be a chef and had my own Pizza business
which was years back.
One day, I met a tall blonde young woman, we hit it oﬀ and she always wanted to
know about hot to make Pizza dough but brown and crunchy too.
So after we dated for sometime, sex and all that, I decided to invited her to show
her how. Threw an apron on her while she was butt naked and we had fun
throwing ﬂower on ourselves, making out while making the Pizza :)
Let’s then go through the ingredrient ﬁrst..and real photos from that day…

To make the dough for the pizza..
1. Get a plastic Jug and ﬁll it with 400g ﬂour.
2. Pour this into a large plastic bowl.
3. Add half pot of Natural Yogurt
4. Add 1 table spoon of salt.
5. Add 4 table spoon of Olive Oil
6. Add 1 Table spoon of backing powder
7. 1 table spoon of yeast that has been put into a glass of arm water and stirred.
I would leave the yeast for while, give it about 30 minutes.
8. Add all these into a large bowl and use a wooden spoon and stir and keep
adding a hand full of ﬂour. I could use a machine to mix but I like it romantic, the
woman and my hands mixing it.
Think of the movie - Ghost…

Together, stirring it with a spoon for a while and when it gets a bit tough then use
your hands, and also pound it with your ﬁst.
Whisper sexy words and even moan louder and have fun ﬂirting and turning each
other on.
Keep adding a bit of ﬂour and keep kneading the dough with your hands until
you can make it into a ball.
If you need to add a touch of olive oil do so and keep kneading until you can make
it into a ball.
9. Now, cover it and leave it to rest for one hour in the fridge.
Longer the better for the stretch. You’ll see what I mean if you don’t give it time to
relax and be more elasticated.
9. Get a steel oven tin and sprinkle some ﬂour on it’s base then spread the dough
you made into it into. Spread it carefully right to the edge.
So it’s like this..

10. Add your Pizza Tomato Paste. I make my own but you cab buy some from the
shop near you. Spread it around like so..

11. Sprinkle some Mozzarella Cheese on top..

12. By this time, if you’re with your lover, hug, kiss, do whatever. Hey, be a bit
romantic for pete sake, you can’t be boring, have fun…and get back to now adding
the rest of toppings.

13. Cover the toppings by sprinkling some cheese on top of them.
14. Preheat over for 10 minutes 180 degrees.
15. Put the pizza in the oven and leave it for 35 mins.. on 180 degrees.

16. You now have time for banging some music and dance, and then foreplay, and
fuck each others brain out.
Yes, slam all the things on table ﬂoor, and go for it, because it will take 35–45
minutes to cook. That’s enough for foreplay and riding.
After 35 mins check it.
If you need to cook more, then use your own judgement.
After some hot pulsating pounding, and eating you out…and timer goes oﬀ…you
got yourself a brown crunchy cooked pizza Mmmmmmm ;)

18. As you can see the crust is thick and delciously crunchy!
Cut some pieces and enjoy..

There we go.
Make sure you date someone who can cook Pizzas or follow this recipe and follow
together. It be fun!
Plus it’s fucking better than resturant meal that makes every damn thing about
dating….awkward.
From a man with many skills ;)
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you see that a speciﬁc person is trying to
brainwash you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Relative - blah blah blah
You - I accept your false perception about me and on what to do
Relative - BLA BLH BLAH BLAH
You - Your anger is not my responsibility.
Relative - BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
You - I have no right to control how you see me.
Be calm, ﬂip it and they’ll not bother as they see they can’t provoke a reaction.
Relative - BLAH BLAH BLAH
You - I am sorry you feel that way.
;)
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys go ghost?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He is either a Narcissist and use you for nothing more than supply to
feed his false self. These guys are like the Narcissist females who also
hyper sensitive. Covert Narcissist who seem nice, shy, and all that but
they have another side of them, which is all about getting attention,
admiration, time from you to feed them.
Very low self esteem, if you say something about what they are doing

wrong, their manupulaton ways or they take your words as criticisms,
they will do the silent treatment as a punishment and they might come
back so you walk eggshells being dictated by their sorry ass of pathetic
wounded false ego.
In other words, they got Narcissistic injury by what you said or did.
If so, slam the door shut, block because while they can do all that silent
treatment but you can go one step further and slam the door shut on
their face, block completely to never open it again.
2. Not everyone is Narcissist who do the silent treament or ghost but any
who do, it is still a form of abuse. Who want that in their lives anyway?
Hopefully you don’t.
It can be a guy who dislikes conﬂict, awkwardiness, and so he’ll be the
type of person where if he ﬁnds someone else then he won’t say it to you.
Or if infatuation gone and he’s not that into you, he’ll not say anything
but ghost you.
He’ll just dissappear.
3. It can be also, someone who just never really wanted to date you or
wanted a relationship, and probably got someone else and so he just
wanted some attention, kill time. When he gets bored, he’ll ghost you
and dissappear without saying a word.
4. It can be negativity. I know from interaction with women, 95% of their
conversation can benegative and 5% is “I love you, you’re awesome.” The
younger, the more negative, nad day in life, bad day with relatives, bad
day with accident, bad day this, bad day that, bad day this, AAAAAAh,
kind of ﬂow of messages or phone call.
Repeat that 10–20 through week and it can really get on you and
emotionallydrain you. In essence you have treated this person like a
dumping ground. When you realise nothing going to change and it it is a
constant pattern repeated, what’s the use? I mean, girls should know
better by now,hearing such things on and on from friends and yet do it to
their boyfriends.
5. The guy cannot share his feelings wihout it being melodramatised in
which you needed to listen, say you understand, and empathise, without
by the way throwing it on his face, that he has “trust” issues and “Oh I am
sorry I am not that perfect for you..”
That’s not understanding, empathy, that’s throwing it on someone’s face.
It’s not new. Many girls do that shit. So now the guy cannot even share
his feelings.
In other words, when a woman replied showing empathy, she also
devalued the man. He…can…feel that. HIs intuition ring loud and that
tells him to watch for your nex behaviour.
This one here…
6. Doing the silence after feelings is being shared and not re-aﬃrming.
Though he’s seen your conversation been read, you had 2 days or even
later at night to respond, but you didn’t. That for most guys, even if they
are patient, even when they said they are cool and busy anyway, that that
they are being…punished.

He will take it that you are devaluing him. You had a very important
conversation and you left it in the air. You said you are so upset by it, you
said you’re hurt but it, you said you are pouring your eyes on how he is
being hurt by your behaviour…and not “trusting,” and how you’re not
this or that for me but then…2 days nothing.
The devalue technique.

7. He knows he’s right. If you share and talk about him online in a negative light
or he hears it so from friends, relatives etc, that again, now re-aﬃrms his
thoughts. You had time to do that but didn’t when he was available.
Number 2 and 3, you can ﬁnd out fast by initiating to meet as a date if you’re
local. He will dissappear or make excuses. Then slowly fade into the distance to
never be seen again.
Number 4, 5, 6 can emotionally draining a guy and sees that’s how it will be in the
future, and so even he believes in open commumication, throws the towel in and
blocks.
5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kate Haley

What does it mean when a girl who friendzoned you suddenly
becomes interested in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This was about 3 months ago….
I was texing this girl and she lives in a diﬀerent city. It’s about 5 hours drive and
on train it’s about 3 hours.
Things were going well but then I saw a change and she stopped sexualising in
words, behaviour and ﬂirting and it became like this ongoing small talk. I didn’t
like what I was feeling so I said it to her.
I said it to her because she knows the type of guy I am so what gives, in her
behaviour?
She can use words to ﬂirt and sexualise.
She can use gif images. It doesn’t have to be her.
But she didn’t want to and I had enough. I wanted to know what is going on and
she made it like I wanted videos of her, but it is she who said she will do whatever
and then changes her mind.
Games.
I get this not often but it is always by girls who do things to ﬁx and change the
guy. Being all innocent but really it’s a facade because the same girls would go to

some guy and fuck right there or with ex, and yet try they try the princess stuﬀ on
you.
So when it happened with her, well, I knew where it was leading and when I
asked, it was in the most empathatic way as well.
They know already who you are, type of guy but no, got to want to ﬁx the bad boy,
can’t help but to do that. I’m a guy who is born to foreplay, ﬂirt, sexualise, fun, up
beat and they..pretend to not know. They fucking see me doing that shit in front
of them, communication was like that from day one.
Then suddenly they want to ﬂip because they are trying to change your state of
reality.
So she did what some girls do, dictate the move and tried some manipulation
game, the silent treatment, which is by the way a punishment, form of abuse, for
them to dictate how it goes next time they converse with you.
I laughed, because I thought it was so outdated tactic.
I also don’t dance on eggshells for anyone. I like to be myself and I projected
myself for real from day one. I said over and over again, this is my love language,
this is how I roll, this is my personality.
I’m a dominant man and I said I am into submissive and she wasn’t behaving
submissive or sexually, or ﬂirtatious.
I knew right there and then, she is of low status.
The moment that trick was done, well, it showed all her actions way back was just
hat…tricks, nothing else.
Only a girl who lost control of her emotions and who wants control does that.
Especially when you know who the guy is from day one, so why complain, why
play that game of avoiding what we are doing.
Only a girl who does that is someone low in self esteem, hyper sensitive and also
wants to frame things and ﬁx the guy to her mirror.
I thought to myself..
‘Ok then. Have it your way. You want to play that game. I am not going to play any.
I’m moving on!”
Ater some days, I blocked her from my Whatsapp.
Here’s where it gets interesting….
I hit the streets and I approach 20 girls a week.
I screen out and ﬁlter girls in or out.
By the end of 2 weeks, I have now got 5 girls sexually available and they also want
a relationship if it’s in horizon, and they don’t care if I date others as well. My
behaviour reveals that’s who I am.
I knew she hasn’t the guts to do what I do.
She is going to be stuck alone not me.
Probably using the internet hidig, trying to do the same shit again.
She will run out of attention from guys because if she does that to me she would
to others, and she will have to keep going on and on, and on and get nowhere.
Maybe a fuck but guys won’t stay with her.

Just note, I have done this many a times so it’s not new to me and I don’t have the
anxiety level most guys have.
I don’t need to do what most guys do.
It’s all there for guys if they got the balls to do what I do. All there and they
never have to orbit around a girl again.
You never have to wait for a girl, wonder what’s up but go out and do, and by this
week, you are with girls who desire exactly what you want.
What happens is, she ﬁnds out on my social media page.
I knew she did because the moment she sees the girls I am dating and sees a video
as well of me having fun in night clubs with these girls, I get a text messaege on
that same day, from another number..
It’s her..
“Oh sorry I was so busy and blah blah blah.”
I ignore her.
I block her.
I blocked her on everything but she has my email address.
So she creates a new account, and sends me videos of her playing with herself, 10
minute videos and says, she wants me and she will even travel to me.
I block this email address.
She creates ANOTHER account and does same and this time, 3 videos and some
photos of her wearing sexy lingerie clothes.
I block her on that too.
Hey, I’ve seen that shit before so it’s no big deal and it wasn’t about that. It was
about how the ﬂow of conversation was manipulative.
Something was wrong.
It was negative most of time and no substance.
I pointed it out and she then apologises but really it was fake because she did that
silent treatment afterwards, and it’s not like I haven’t seen that dumb trick
before.
She made it a big deal way back and now I am showing to her, I don’ give a shit.
It’s not a big deal, she made it one and so I moved on. The way I moved on when
other girls tried that.
It’s not new. It’s common for some to do that.
Her messages dies down and I think, awesome and having fun.
One week later…a new email comes and…it’s her!
Yes, new account!
How the hell can people create new accounts easily online I don’t know but it
looks like you can do that with Gmail and other services.
This time she sends me more videos and really goes for it, using sex toys, all the
works, from begining to her cumming, moaning, screamng, the lot, and photos,
and saying sorry and so on.
I block her…again!

She texts me using another diﬀerent mobile number.
With long text on and on and on how sorry she is.
I reply time, date, and where.
She comes.
We fuck and she stays for week and fuck some more as…she sees other girls come
to my place.
Girls are not that complex.
When they realise the guy who is into them can also walk away if they do any of
those games, or they don’t show interest, and suddenly ﬁnd they aren’t that and
someone else has a ﬁner ass and body than them, and you can move on, well, it
changes the dynamics altogether.
They are not that complex mate.
They just think they are higher status than you until…you move on and they see
you got one sweet ass and body of girls riding your dick.
Now the dynamics and that girl’s perception has changed on how she sees
you. You are now higher in status. Pre-selection higher because now you are
the one who says Yes or No.
That is what I do all the time when girls behave that way.
They want to do all those non interest, silent treatment, or whatever, cool. I just
change my focus on someone else far more smarter, sexier, hotter, emotionally
stronger, conﬁdent for real, high self esteem than they are. That kicks them oﬀ
their pedestal.
114 Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell when someone is faking conﬁdence?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Jul 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When they consistently say things to get validation. Their words ﬂow consistently
whether it is face to face, or when texting, or phone. It is always about their
success, what they did, achieved, done, and expect validation.
Then you will also see the ﬂip side too and this ﬂip side. It’s unbalanceed. One
minute hurray and next minute I am not good at this, I don’t think I can achieve
this.
Then they add.,
“Oh but it will be alright..”
This pattern becomes consistent.
The ﬁrst shows they yearn for supply of validation, attention, admiration.
Neediness. Hungry to be showed with compliments.
The second reveals their psycological script, the deep trauma that they are not
facing and swimming inside them.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a stranger starts crying and hugs you, what are you going to
do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I had that happened to me two days ago.
I was at the park with some girls, having fun ﬂirting, and kissing and all that with
3 of them. As we walked up to get some ice cream, there was this guy, I felt his
energy, he looked really down, I mean seriously looked like he was gong to cry.
I left the girls but still making sure to be safe, and a few steps back and asked if
he’s ok. He nodded, got up and said what was up.
He was going through a rough time, and just like that, he hugged.
I was now wondering, when I’ll get stabbed but he started crying. His head
shaking, his body as well.
I felt really bad for him. My heart felt like it would break. Hate seeing someone
like that. When you see a human being break up like that, if you got empathy,
you’ll feel something as well.
I just hugged him back and said, “It’s ok mate. Just let it out. It’s ok.”
Then after a bit he simmered down, I didn’t get stabbed, we shook hands as he
said he had no one to talk to about it, and walked away.
I just kept looking at him until he faded away through gates of park and turned to
disappear. Then went back to the girls
Girl - what happened?
Me - Nothing. So, ice cream…
206 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy is mean to you one minute and
nice to you the next (through text messages)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Set boundaries with this guy and speak up about your feelings in a calm way. If he
persists, don’t give him silent treatment. Instead be mature and stay away from
these games and say to him, since..
“Since we can’t talk without these mean behaviours and since I don’t want to ﬁx
you and nor can I be ﬁxed, I feel we are not compatible and so you have a great
day, but I am now going to block and moving on. You have a great day.”
Then move on.
NO CONTACT and done with.
But for the future…
Anytime you look for information because you talked to someone, where your
intuition is saying something is wrong, then listen to your intuition. It’s one of
our amazing gifts inside.
We can be tricked by facial, words and looks but we can’t by energy and we can
feel when someone is trying to mess with our energy.
That’s what you felt. Your energy was getting lower in frequency and up, lower
and up and he..was doing..just that because he feeds on it.
That is how you know someone is hurting you.
There is no need for aggression when texting and talking, no need for negativity,
no need to take things as well personally when someone is saying they feel hurt,
something is going on and so please stop.

When you see that person then go all in a huﬀ, apologise but the underlining
words is blaming you as well, and they dissappear, that tells you the full story of
who they really are.
These are tactics to emotionally hurt you by bringing you to their level of reality
to such…you cannot say what you want and you feel like you’re walking on
eggshells.
If you feel that…
Read this..
Adam Taha's answer to What do you want to say?
Your intuition is very powerful.
It will warn you, give you red ﬂags.
It’s saying to you something is wrong, something is just not right and it’s making
you feel down, it’s making you feel this conversation is not moving forward and
everytime you try to move it forward, it comes to an argument, it creates stress
for you, it feels like it is emotionally drianing you.
The conversations are superﬁcial, draining, negative and just one sided.
Listen to your intuition. It’s your amazing gift.
Adam Taha's answer to What do you want to say?
21 Views · View Upvoters

Can I trust anyone ever?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences

Answered Jul 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes you can.
There are people who are authentic, will be direct in who they are in a calm and
friendly way. People who won’t let you down but also, people who won’t promise
what they know can be diﬃcult to give.
I know many people like that and lovers too.
It takes time to attract such wonderful people and lovers. It really does. It takes
work too but not hard work, it’s just keeping connection.
But most of all I found if we are honest in ourself, if we sort ourselves out then we
ﬁnd we can connect for a meaningful reason. The ones who are all talk will fade
away in time but you’ll lead to attracting those who stay in your live for a lot
longer and some throughout your whole life.
So don’t lose hope.
I have many friends but the ones who I can trust came later on, and it took time to
build a solid connection with them.
The change though had to be with me because I was making the wrong choices in
past and decisions and for the wrong reasons.
But as I grew and wanted meaningful connection, I had to work in myself, and
that took sometime but it worked.
I don’t get it right all the time but it’s far better than it was in the past.
I still fuck up but don’t we all.
It’s human, we grow and learn more.

I just hope my friends and lovers are forgiving and they are, when I do fuck up as I
am not perfect. There isn’t any games when I do fuck up and instead there is an
open communication always.
They too want to grow and open for me to request certain behaviour I really don’t
like and they are open minded to discuss and make the relationship both ways
meaingful.
I am willing to grow though so I do listen, take criticisms from close friends and
lovers, and well, it’s made me a better person today and it made them better as
well as human beings.
Life has it’s way in which people themselves will behave in a way in which they
will fade anyway and those who don’t, are the ones who are truly value the
connection with you and know, the world outside there isn’t easy when it comes
to ﬁnding people who truly enrich your life.
But deﬁnitely…the core values I had to sort out within me made a big diﬀerence
to attract meaningful relatonships that I can trust.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can you make your intentions clear to a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Avoid doing the following..
1. Buying presents
2. Buying ﬂowers
3. Listen to her problems. You’re not her therapist.
4. No good morning text. WTF? You’re not trying to be her friend. You want
to date her so focus on that.
5. You’re not her entertainment. She can watch a movie or some clown. If
you try being some entertainment then you will struggle with being
consistent about it. It becomes a drag later on.
Avoid doing these because she hasn’t earned the attraction.
Attraction has always been = status.
Status is = behaviour.
That behaviour above is supplicating, begging and pleading. If a girl got problems
with trust and so on, you cannot ﬁx her or change her.
You be you, approaching and be direct in an appealing way. You don’t need to
bribe a girl. Any you ﬁnd who need that are not worth your time.
That’s a red ﬂag for you already if she expects that and thinks she’s entitled for
things just to ask her out on a date.
Remember, how you start is the reﬂection of who you are and frames
everything from there to wherever it goes.
Behave supplicating and you then are treated as such all the way.
Under 3 seconds or less, a girl has made a decision already. So no use trying all
the supplicating like she’s not your equal.
Think about it for a moment not in fantasy but real world.
How would you feel if someone you don’t even know or do know, walks up to you
and starts showering you admiration, gifts, presents, ﬂowers?

You’re alarm bells will go oﬀ.
You’re not lovers.
You’re not dating.
Even if friends, it feels weird.
“Oooh what does he want from me mmmm?”
Make your intent clear and direct by your actions not by buying her aﬀection. Be
very wary of girls who desire this to be asked out on a date. It is unbalanced. This
is not some game, shit test which some do to see if the guy is serious.
No one is shit testing anyone today not on from my answers. Be on equal footing,
eye to eye, human to human being.
I have a huge respect for girls, huge respect when they don’t expect me to buy
anything when asking for dates, going out and even sex, relationsips. I like to do
that sincerely when giving, not because it’s a shit test.
That’s the girls who accept you for who you are, are gold and have their head
screwed right and their whole spirit is planted on solid reality ground. The ones
who do get hurt, are girls up to their eyeballs with fantasy and prince charming,
and they are the ﬁrst when infatuation is gone, look for another shiny object.
You’ll be walkng on eggshells because anything you sau she doesn’t like, is so bad
and a criticisms to her ego and starts doing all kinds of games and she thinks she
can because you approached in a supplicating way instead of screening girls out,
ﬁltering them out to get to the one who isn’t full of mess.
Girls talk about guys being their equal.
Ok then. You don’t need to buy her anything to ask a girl out.
Of course some girls want that but believe me, what they say and what they do is
a diﬀerent thing altogether.
When you do these things, she will feel you are buying her attention, buying for
her body and sex. It sends a massive red ﬂag, Massive.
Second, no girl is a princess and we are not prince charming and knight.
You approach and ﬁnd out if she is mutually attracted to you without any bribery,
ﬂowers, gifts and trying to be some pal.
You are her equal.
Behave as such and she needs to behave in that manner as well, without looking
down at you and thinking/behaving she is superior.
I have never done any of the above, never, Nor have my friends. I have seen guys
do that and get nowhere. They get used. They emotionally invest lots of time on a
girl who then doesn’t follow through because she’s a gamer. She just wants
attention and nothing else but that.
Then I walk up with doing none of the buying, ﬂowers and gifts to date, for
her to also desire same as me and we are compatible.
Then the nice guys who did all that supplicating start looking at me, getting all
mad at guys like myself and call us assholes for a girl to say YES.
I am an asshole because I didn’t buy gifts, supplicate to her, being direct,
revealing who I am and want? I am the player, the jerk who went up to a girl with
nothing but myself and had fun, talked, ﬂirted, and she said yes?
Has nothing to do with that.

I didn’t put a girl up on a pedestal. I am the one who screens the girl in or out. I
am showing who I am and she can say yes or no right there.
I ﬂipped it so there is game so now, rejection for me isn’t even that. It is me seeing
if she is sexually attractive available to me or not.
If no, I found out what I need to know.
If Yes, we move forward.
Rejection then doesn’t hit me like it does to most guys.
And I’m a bad boy, player, jerk, asshole for being honest on what I want, not
hiding and removed the mask to be real?
I don’t believe in the “one” in that way.
I know girls who want that are trying to rope me into a relationship and they will
dangle sex for months on end. The ones who I approached without any of that
were girls who got the head screwed right.
You know how I easily know girls on here and anywhere who frame a connection
into a “relationship.”
Here’s their language..
“I don’t see looks. I see personality.”
Translated, de-coded..
“I got hurt dating good looking guys, already slept had sex, had my fun, got hurt
real bad, and now…I don’t look for the looks anymore but want a relationship, so I
will take my time on a guy and dangle sex, because that way I can keep him
hooked.”
Healthy emotionally and minded girls know..a relationship cannot be predicted
and framed. You can’t ﬁx or change a guy.
It takes time, trust and you cannot buy attraction. Those who want to be bought
like that are girls I stay well away from.
I approach, be direct, being fun, ﬂirt and then ask out. I make my intent clear and
if that is not good enough for her, that’s her problem. I’m not going to beg and
buy her out and invest tons when I don’t need to.
I just want a Yes or a No, and I can get that and so can you in minutes of the
interaction. It saves you a lot of pain and frustrations, looking for signals and
orbiting around her doing all these things.
You want something, you be clear about it and let that person know. Then it’s just
a matter if Yes or No.
1. Approach
2. Flirt, be down to earth, fun. Less serious
3. Find out if she’s available. Be direct.
4. If no, move on
5. If yes, move forward, suggesting something, exchange number.
6. Text and phone for the goal = dating.
7. The ﬁrst date if local would take a week or less.
Without buying, giving gifts and being her emotional tampon impress her. It is
equal. She needs to also show she’s mutually attracted to you but if she acts like a
princess wanting all that, let her go.

Because she’ll expect all that all the time and wonder why you don’t do that
anymore. If you be yourself in a manner of being consistent to you, then you
don’t raise the expectations of girls to believe you as someone else.
It makes it easier for you and girls you date later on.
You are enough.
She’s enough.
It’s just a matter of ﬁnding out if you’re both attracted to each other.
Approach knowing you are enough and if she says no, move on and approach
others. Avoid putting any girl on a pedestal.
38.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't men commit in relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Many reasons. It can be..
1. He’s already done the committing thing and it didn’t work out. So he
decides to never be in this situation again.
2. He’s experienced women say all the love words and then ﬁnds they
cheated or ﬁnds they so easily move on like the guy doesn’t exists. So he
doesn’t believe in it anymore.
3. There’s plenty of ﬁsh in the sea and he’s a very good ﬁsherman and
women he meets don’t mind if he has multiple lovers.
4. He tasted the freedom. He doesn’t want all the bullshit that comes with
living with someone, and believe me, it is a peace of mind. You get up
when you want, you do whatever you want, you can leave a cup or plate
and not give a damn and have drama. He can go out andd date, and come
back his castle and he can spend money on himself.
5. It’s not his priority. He has othet priorities, like business, career and a
lifestyle he doesn’t want to suddenly mess with.
6. Committment to him is something diﬀerent to what a woman see as
committment.
7. He probably has someone else but not saying.
8. Maybe he’s seen people he knows gone through serious relatonships,
marriage, divoice, pain and thought..
“No way in hell I am going through that crap..”
9. Most women are alright in small doses because when in long-term
relationship, most women still in this fucked romance fantasy…that they
still want to be chased when they did shit anyway when it comes to
chasing a guy. The guy did everything which is why it’s a big heavy thud
when it stops.
Which brings us to a question…
Why doesn’t the woman just go and ﬁnd someone compatible who wants the same
thing than trying to ﬁx and change the guy?
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop grieving someone who didn't love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Aug 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whenever I loved someone, and they faded away, whatever the reason maybe, I
ﬁnd myself embracing that how I loved was true. That what I gave is amazing.
What I shared is incredible.
So I don’t regret loving someone and so I don’t stop if I am grieving. Instead, I go
through the pain if there is any. I go and live my life as I have always done, being
busy with my passion, switching oﬀ the phone, and internet and just going out
more, living life.
I understand you will feel that thing swimming in your chest or gut, but what I
found is a connectioin is similar to a Frequency.
It is energy.
When I tone down this frequency, I tone down the energy towards it and that
connection gets weaker and weaker.
I discovered when I am away from the internet, when I blocked everything, when
I am living a big life, and I do live a fasinating and exciting life, doing what I love,
I don’t feel that connection anymore.
I don’t feel that feeling.
So if you used devises like internet, phone, with the person, then disconnect from
them, By that, don’t use them for a while and go out, walk, feel the fresh air, see
the hustle and busy life.
Go out to friends or make new ones by joining some activities that’s all about you
and what you want.
The frequency for you right now is high because you are either looking at the
tools whether mobile phone, social media and you’re in the same environment of
these tools.
But the moment you go out and live, the frequency, lowers considerably and the
connection is severed.
That is my cutting edge.
I know from any I will date, I have an abundance and hudge social network
outside of the internet. It’s hudge. In fact it is the very thing that brought so much
wealth, opportunitis and excitement in my life.
I never fear loss because it’s not me who loses out. I am bring a lot of value to
someone’s life, a lot and I would suggest to build your oﬄine life huge as well,
and you will ﬁnd your perspective about your life, and how you feel right now wll
dramatically change.
So it is easy for me, to have severed all connection, lowered the frequency and
now the energy is transfered to a diﬀerent direction.
You won’t ever see me saying “oh how do I move on and stop grieving.”
I blocked them on all social media channels.
I deleted all messages on phone and blocked. I removed numbers from my
phone. I don’t look at the person’s social media page.
This is how you lower the frequency.
If the person ﬁnds me in other ways and her manner is growth, forgiveness,
compassion, and has realised or I see they are sincere, then I am compassionate
as well, to resume but I don’t wait for that hope.

You go and live a good healthy life and you never regret you loved someone. This
is how you re-direct the energy to a diﬀerent frequency - you living a full life.
I know this sounds cliche but it is true - this too shall pass.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to make a Narcissist miss you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What they miss is..
Someone take complete care of them of their bullshit needs as they are
superior beings ;) They like the royal special admiraton treatment.
They miss the supply. So if they run out and then they will try to get a
recovered supply….from..you.
They miss getting someone pissed oﬀ, depressed, confused and doubting
their sanity.
They miss someone who will pay the bills and everything, for them
because they believe it is underneath them. I’m sure you heard them
bitch all fucking day how hard it is to work or talk in a hint way, on how
they like to buy this and that, and this.
They miss the admiration, the ﬂowing showering of gorgeous words that
of love devotion but not because it’s love but due to the person being
complaint to them all the time
They miss devaluing you and seeing you letting them in again and again
in which they believe, you love pain, you are nothing because anyone
higher than them would ignore them completely. Since you don’t then
you are indeed a lower being and they are higher than you.
They miss being the supreme being, god, godesses.
Her’s my question to you..
Do you really miss all that?
Something to read which will be of beneﬁt..
http://www.thenarcissisticperson...
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

What would happen to your relationship if you stopped texting
for a week?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the context.
If the guy or the girl played some manipulating game and behaved in a manner
that is not consistent, or when there is no texting…then it’s over.
It rarely happens where a conﬁdent guy will stick around because who wants to
stick around with a girl who likes to play games, and what girl wants to stick
around a guy who play games?
I give it a couple of days and then…I say something. If I see contradiction in girl’s
behaviour….I block on phone and everywhere else.
Out of sight and out of mind.
So it depends on the context before that week where there was no texting.

Personally, I know that when a girl doesn’t text for days or weeks, she will be
riding someone else’s dick. I don’t give a shit if she says she’s busy or whatever
excuses she gives.
It’s ﬁne. Just she doesn’t be a fucking idoit telling me about guys and whatever. I
got better things to do than listening to that crap.
I know what busy is, and running my empire keeps me busy and travelling
around the world keeps me busy, and in a week or so, I am traveling again to
somewhere exotic, gorgeous Island but even then..I have time to text but I text
value.
So it all depoends on the context.
However, no one is that busy. No one.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do you want to say?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the biggest mistake you’ll ever make is this..
You avoid listening to your intuition.
Remember how you felt something about someone or opportunity, and you wish
you listened to sick feeling you felt?
It was very fast.
It prodded you.
Like a warning but you didn’t listen to it.
Then much later, you look back and you see all the red ﬂags and sometimes,
you’re lucky because it didn’t go too deep.
Sometimes, it does.
That’s what I mean by intuition.
It’s not the same as gut instinct. It’s far more.
It is your true self in which you can say what you want and behave without
feeling you got to walk on eggshells.
The other person is same as you, compatible and so the conversation ﬂows and it
is balanced. You don’t feel your ﬁghting for attention and in ﬁght and ﬂight
mode.
That’s the next red ﬂag.
Your true self doesn’t need external approval, validation, nor even love. You got
love already inside of you. It is fearless when it comes to criticisms and
challenges in life.
What happens is you love experiencing the love someone else has as they
experience yours, without feeling you got to hold back or feel like you’re walking
on broken glass.
Your true self has a inner voice.
It will say to you to look for information because something this person is doing
doesn’t seem right.
That’s another red ﬂag.

It tells you to speak up but you don’t at times.
It tells you to say what the person said to you is not right but you hold your
tongue because you are walking on eggshells.
You do so due to fear of being abandoned.
That’s another red ﬂag from your intuition and the predators out there
know this is what you fear.
You know how they know?
That’s exactly what they also fear. They fear being abandoned, feeling
unimportant, that you can walk away easily if suddenly see one of their masks
fall.
You see how we are all not so diﬀerent?
There are predators who know you fear it because they fear it too but the
diﬀerence is, they seek to feed on your fear, on your emotions and they
know which buttons to press immediately.
They plan way ahead and masters of manipulators.
They have been taught very young due to coming from traumatic experiences
when at home with parents who behaved that way.
They had to hide who they are, push it way down, create a new mask, a false self
so they can never be vulnerable, empathetic, compassionate and also loving
again.
They see it as…weakness.
While all these are our strengths and they don’t like us having these strengths, so
they come to break you.
They look like you and like everyone else
Only your true self will alert you of the predators..
You may fall for them but your intuition will always help you if you have worked
on developing yourself from the inside.
It will be louder if you do and you’ll be strong emotionally and mentally to be able
to walk away from such people.
In fact you will be light and like the myth of Vampires, when light is shined onto
them, they either crumble to dust or,…swim away, crouching on the ﬂoor, and
wiggling like ﬁsh dying and starved from energy.
So know yourself because…

If you do not love yourself and if you seek out there to feel desired, loved, wanted,
then you are easy game for the predators.
The predator will do their homework on you AND choose you…whether you are
online, at work, wherever.
THEY CHOOSE YOU because you are greater in value than they are. They are
predators for emotional energy. They choose you because you got what they
haven’t got.
Remember that. Never forget that.
You are their next shiny object.
They see you and they come with lots of compliments….

It can be because of your looks, maybe you got status, because of wealth,
knowledge, popular or resources.
The top reason is they come to you is to bring you down to your
fucking knees. You are a challenge.
You are a very rare breed.
You don’t follow the pack.
You have your own reality and that pisses them oﬀ because they believe they are
a superior beings and entitled.
They act shy, awkward, nice, polite and show you with admiration. They seem
weak, they seem timid but this is a cover.
You are on higher frequency than they’ll ever be.
They want to bring you down to their sorry ass pitiful pathetic self pity, victim
mentality low frequency. They hate it when you are on a higher frequency than
they are. Their conﬁdence and self esteem is fake.
Yours is real and from real life experiences and from being able to face your pain
and turn your pain into lessons of wisdom for many to learn.
They cannot teach shit to anyone because they cannot face their pain and fear
being vulnerable. They fear looking inside of themselves and so all you see is
their false self. Nothing else and nothing more but lies.
The predators have betrayed and have killed their true self.
They hate who you are.
They hate how you feel high in loving what you do.
In the other hand they are infatuated by you and live in the fantasy realm but in
the next hand they want to control you and down to their level.

It is a challenge for them
How do you know you got a predator on your hands?
When you feel that pull inside and you are walking on eggshells.
The moment you feel you are walking eggshells, when you are not yourself, when
you worry on what to say..
You got a predator on your hands…

Listen to your intuition.
An animal doesn’t need verbal ques to know a predator is in the midst.
It has intuition.
The predators will not roar and shout.
They only roar and shout (Gloat and Gossip) when they have done the deed.
When they have discarded you and found someone else and left to do same to
someone else.
They do it when they feel so frustrated and stressed when talking to you because
something out there didn’t work to their favour, and now they unleash on you
and you think it’s to do with you, which is what they want you to believe.
The predator always sneaks in.
They work like it’s a covert operation. Animals can sense something is wrong and
they run away…

But so many people have been numbed by the past life which is now pumped
with pain, lots of wounds and they seek external validation, approval, acceptance
rather than ﬁrst loving themselves.
The predator seeks such people to feed on:
You got empathy.
You got compassion.
You can love.
You have your own personalitys
These are valuable gifts.
The predators doesn’t feel any of these for you and they only can mimick then
personalities they feed oﬀ from the people they meet.
They are the great pretenders and they manipulate to lure you in by pretending
they got empathy, compassion and love.
They can adopt and mimick personalities.
They seduce to hurt you not to love you.
They seduce to control you not to lift you up.
They seduce to break you down, piece by piece.
They have very low self esteem, ﬁlled with shame, guilt, torment and
they come to inﬂict all that on you.
You will not see the red ﬂags if you don’t love yourself.
You will lower your boundaries because you so want her ass and pound her pussy
or you want that guy to ride his dick and show oﬀ to your friends. You’ll be so
eager to possess and they desire the same.
They want to control and bring you down to your knees.
They see you as object and you fell for the trap in saying them as one too.
You will ignore your greatest gift and power.
You intuition and so you won’t see what is really coming…

You won’t question their pathetic irritational behaviour.
You will be lured by the beauty or shyness, the awkwardness, the helplessness,
the victim persona behaviour and words, the fragile princess or prince.
You will not see they are useless for your life and all they say is nothing but lies
after lies to get your hook your claws in.
They will give you what you want for your emotions to feed on for a while but
that’s only to lure you in.
You are too infatuated.
You are too obsessed.
You are idolising the person.
You believe in their words about love, how you mean so much to them, how you
are the world to them as your state of mind changes, and all you believe is now in
doubt…
While those who have developed themselves in the dating world and in life have
seen who they are and when they feel something is wrong, they speak up and
then they watch the behaviour of the predators next move…

The moment they see that move…they see the mask fall and they cut them oﬀ
completely. Blocking them everywhere.
Those who still stay….believe they can ﬁx them.
Some stay because it is diﬃcult as you can underdstand, they got marriage, they
got children so it will take time and courage.
But for some of us, we now see who they are.
Their beauty, that face, those delicious breasts, then ass, the curves, their pussy,
everything is now nothing more than a dead carcass, an empty vessel walking.
Attraction dies instantly for us and we cut them oﬀ completely from our lives.
But for some, they still cling into the hope the person will change, will grow,
will see the errors of their ways.
They have empathy, they have compassion for this predator but like the frog who
took pity on the scorpion, and where the scorpion promise he would never sting
the frog because he would drown too, the frog never saw what came next.
The Frog carries the scorpion cross the river.
The moment they get to the middle of the river, the frog felt a sting…

The frog shouts out as they both start to sink and drown…
“You fool! Why did you sting me. You will die too!
The Scorpion shrugged and replied..
“It is in my nature to sting.”
It is in the nature of these predators to feed on you. It is in their nature to not give
a fuck about you.
It is in their nature to not love.
It is their nature to put themselves ﬁrst and feed on your goodness and your past
wounds.
It is in their nature to damage you psychologically and biologically.
It is in their NATURE TO DESTROY YOU! PERIOD!
That is why they have appeared before you,
They haven’t their own personality, They mimick yours and anyone else to
penetrate and violate your boundaries and your spirit.
Yes you want to save them. I understand.

You have empathy. You have love, You are compassionate but they are not.
Everything they do, EVERYTHING is to damage you.
It is to suck you dry like a vampire.
That is how they behave - like a parasite. Feeding oﬀ your energy and your
energy, your empathy is precious.
They are the cold stones. You are the diamond.
They are the empty vessels. You are the awe and wonder.
They are weak and fear vulnerability. You are the courageous who embraces it.
They are nothing but feeding the false self.
They have many masks because they feed and adopt on other people’s
personalities…

You are the true self.
What can they ever oﬀer you when they are empty vessels that may have ass tits
and pussy, and dicks, when you got far more even if you were homeless, you are
far more valuable than they’ll ever be.
They come to destroy your landscape.
They have no landscape but darkness and like vampires lost in a world that is
slowly revealing lots more knowledge about them, to one day ﬁnd themselves
alone, and die alone they will.
They fear exposure for others to know who they are.
They fear is abandonment.
They hate criticisms.
They fear being vulnerable.
They won’t know a damn thing when it comes to self development. To even try
will mean they have to be vulnerable, look into themselves, face the childhood
trauma and they won’t do that.
No, because nothing is their fault. It’s everyone’s fault but theirs.
Some even after they feel themselves being emotionally drained stay put and
they come back again and again for recovered new..supply.

Maybe even feed on their children too….

They should have blocked them on their phone immediately.
They needed to cut them oﬀ from all your social media channels.
They needed to ensure who these friends are on your friend list.
They needed to put themselves ﬁrst and loved ones.
And that is very easy to say and do. It’s not easy to do because there are emotions,
psyche involved, psychological warfare, gone into the person’s landscape and so,
it’s not easy but it is do-able.
Everyone has their own situation, what they face, no one will ever know and I
hope whoever is in this position, will ﬁnd a way and support to get out but we all
know it’s not easy.
I also know way I write can sound harsh, bitter, like full of anger but that is how I
have written from many years and still do.
I am passionate aboout what I write and if anyone like to suggest then use the
edit suggest button.
Back to the predators…
So goes on the back and forth games…

They hear all the sweet words and fall for it again and again.

There are times, in which people who read what I write and still don’t get the
world they are living in.
But for those who do take it it and arm themselves, yours is the world and all that
is in it. When you have options, when you have more resources, when you love
yourself more than beauty, pussy, tits, ass and dicks.
It will take some work to develop yourself from the inside. It’s not easy to look at
our own wounds but when done, it will take time, work, you will ﬁnd an amazing
light within you.
You will ﬁnd you are stronger than you think.
You will ﬁnd you are creative, talented, unique, with love, compassion and
empathy in which you work to create and you will attract amazing people and
your life will be grow brighter than you ever thought it could.
Whatever pain you are going through, it is not that it needs to be forgotten or
ampittated but rather healed, and it becomes your story in which it will help so
many to grow, so many to see their true self, many to see the wonders that is
inside of themselves that they believed wasn’t there due to someone producing
and pulling them down.
When you put yourself ﬁrst before the approval of others.
When you set boundaries.
When you feel that feeling, your intuition and you can easily walk away knowing
you are far more valuable than that piece of creamy delicious ass…
These predators will feel your sting and they will rage, they will shout, they will
do whatever, but it be of no use…
You have evolved.
That is their death..
The hunter has now become the hunted…

EDIT..
I will not change this answer or play with words.
This is how I see it and so if anyone wants to write their own answer, go ahead. So
no use sending me messages to make it sound ﬂuﬀy.
I write reality and everyone’s reality is diﬀerent.
I’m not going to silence my voice when writing my answers. I’m going to be true
to myself and in how I express it.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Would you date an obese girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So she’s a woman who I don’t know and who I just saw?
Then the answer is no. I won’t.
If she’s overweight a little, then hey, I don’t look for some pin up model but I am
not going to ever date an obese woman.
Look, with women I am attracting who are healthy in body and also in mentally,
why would I want to date woman who is obese?
Even if my options are low which they are not, but if they are, the answer will still
be no. I will just ramp up my resources and actions.
Women and men can say all kinds of sht.
That they go for personality blah blah.
Good for them but I won’t fucking believe a damn word they say. I live in the real
world and seen enough of the hypocrisy of people, who say one thing and behave
totally diﬀerent.
I rather keep it simple.
Yes there are other things when I have seen the look that I need to assess but ﬁrst
it is physical attraction. Then I look for compatibility and other traites etc.
So no, I won’t date an obese woman.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Does no contact really work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it does.
Stick at it and forget this fantasy that they’ll change. They won’t. You change
yourself and let them do whatever. You’ve moved on.
No contact of any kind, not even you looking at something online about them.
avoid feeding them fuel…
1. Avoid social media stalking them.
I do more than blocking from my social media page - I also don’t look at
their social media page. The reason is, if you do, they will still try to get
you by putting things up like a game to create emotions in you and feed
on it.
The other reason for me personally, I always discover they are of low
value anyway in love, no empathy…no compassion, irritational and
seriously messed up and can only emulate someone else’s personality. So
they don’t even have their own personality. It’s all feeding to the false
self.
Looking at what I got and what they got going for them in their life…
fucking no comparison. I love myself, I have empathy and they have
none and I’m living a great life.
So are you!
You’re far better in status andin well being and life than and you don’t
need them as they like you to believe.

Block them on all channels with social media and no stalking them. They
got a boring shit life anyway :)
This includes twitter, instagram etc.
2. Block on mobile phone, landline, whatsapp, text.
If you got other numbers of theirs then block. Delete all messages and oﬀ
your phone. That will feed on your emotions. Delete all images and
anything on your laptop.
3. Block from Email.
That’s what I do too. I ensure it is blocked and made sure only the emails
I have added as safe will come in my inbox. Others won’t and go to spam
and will be deleted automaticaly after a certain period.
4. If local/Friends - set boundaries with anyone who knows them.
Tell them you don’t want to hear the person’s name or talk about them
because these nasty piece of works, will send someone you know or don’t
know, inﬂuence them as agents, spying on you, listening if you are
talking about them. They feed on that too.
Write nothing about them or use their name online either.
Complete annilihation.
Out of your life completely.
It works if you stick at it.
23.1k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Why do they say, "Behind every successful man, there's a
woman"? Why don't men get credit for their works?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If that was the case, then we can say..
Behind every fucked up child is a woman. Behind every fucked up failed of a man
is a woman. Behind a drug addict boyfriend is a girlfriend.
We have to be careful of these words that someone says and it changes our state
of mind to believe in something that is not entirely true.
This was said way back in which man worked hard and so on and woman at home
kind of thing. These words were thrown about here and there, based on some
norm, culture to how it was at a certain time.
A man can be successful without a woman.
A woman can be successful without a man.
Both can have an eﬀect in which they can motivate each other, inspire each other,
help make the environment positive, free from bullshit, but when it comes to the
success of the individual, man or woman, no one can change anyone. That credit
goes to the individual.
One can acknowledge that there was support and help, and so on which is great
as no one really is an Island, we all learn from each other but success in general, is
down to the individual.
That is no way in taking away from how being with positive, like minded and
amazing attitude of lovers, can eﬀect a man or woman to be inspired to make it
happen but we need to be real on this.

Success in the sense of this material world is not easy.
It takes inner growth, healing, work, habit and so much more. That is all down to
the individial, whether man or woman.
And if anyone want credit, a stamp, print one out, stick on your forehead and
walla. You got credit.
Doesn’t do much but hey, if approval from others is so important then there we
go,
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What message would you like to give to your ex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah sure.
Oh wait!
I got the NO CONTACT in place.
It’s me who gives her a chance not her.
It says all I need to say ;)
No….Contact = moved on easily!
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

We’ve only known each other for a month, and I’m maybe the
only girl he’s close with, but can he be missing me if I leave
suddenly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We guys can forget you very fast. If we ﬁnd your feelings was a lie, if your
behaviour reveals it so and contradicts, and we do evaluate all the time, as trust is
earned not given, then…we will forget you.
We know girls can say all kinds of words and do whatever, but when infatuation is
gone, then we know for real who she is.
Even if you’re with us for 2 years, we are alert. Some cannot detach but for some
of us, we can detach and we watch you like a hawk, and we see the patterns and
when it doesn’t work, not that we self sabotage but when it doesn’t, well, believe
we are not surprised as we have seen the patterns way back.
When we feel something, we tell you but then…we watch and see what you do. Is
your words real or fake?
Do you have empathy or is it fake?
Are you consistent in your words with your behaviour or does the following
acrions you do…contradicts what you see?
We’ll know by your next behaviour and it is then most girls reveal who they really
are and now we know, so we move on and forget her.
We remember and see now the full game as we laugh because we saw it all before
the girl even did the steps.
You don’t want to be forgotten?
Then behave without any manipulation or tricks, or any games. If we ﬁnd a hint
of it we are now alerted and if we say somehing about it and you behave

contradictory to past events and words you said, we will forget you.
It doesn’t deﬁne the guy but the girl.
She isn’t the one who got away, we are ;)
It’s like I said to someone..
I walked through the vineyards of roses and I thought of your lips. I travelled
through - on rising tides of seas. I saw you and felt you.
I tasted the sweetest of wines in Venice and remembered the words you shared of
your words of love and devotion.
I saw the clear blue sky and I remembered your eyes call me.
Then I walked through roads and met with many tall white skin caressing my
body, and cream ﬂows as they ride between my thighs….and….ugly woman inside
they are.
AND…I forgot you.

It’s not how long. You can know a guy, converse for 2 years but if a girl is someone
who is contradicting how she feels…she will be forgotten.
She will be forgotten for taking our attention and our feelings for granted, and for
playing games. Forgotten as nothing special.
The heart grow fonder when absent is what conditioning teaches.
The reality is, if it’s a guy with options, like me, I’d forget you in a heart beat if
your words does not align with your behaviour…consistently.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do narcissists treat their spouses worse than anyone else,
the one person they should be cherishing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jul 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Outside from the spouse they fear people ﬁnd out who they really are. They put
on a false self image so that they can hunt for more Narcissistic supply. They fear
exposure.
With spouse, it’s not big deal.
The Narcissits knows the spouse won’t say anything and she is the primary
Narcissitic supply when external supply is diﬃcult.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I met my husband in a dating app, he's a millionaire, some of
my friends laugh at me, what can I reply?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jul 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friends - You’re his sugarbaby
You - Damn right I am. He can’t get enough of me. I am the honey that makes his
dick stand to attention,and OMG the sex, is INCREDBLE. OMG! 10 inch dick, 10
inch. I think it must be 11 inch because…I can feel it up to my throat when he
pounds me as I scream with sweet pleasure and etcasy!
Friends - ?

You - I’m sure you have that expeirence once a week Mmm. Its 5 times a week and
it’s just…OMG! Incredible! The amazing rush that just sweeps you oﬀ your feet as
you back arches and your eyes roll back in your head!
Friends - Ok but…
You - I mean, have you ever felt your heart racing, you feel that tingle all through
your body, like electric bolts and shockwaves shooting through your entire body,
and your breasts swells, your nipples hardened, and your legs quiver, your whole
body spasms….and you feel so wet, dripping wet and he opens your legs way
and…OMG!
Friend - I..erm..
You - It’s like ice cream and you got the long thick girth of a cone dripping wet
with cream and the ice cream just drips down your ﬁngers and you just got to
Mmmm…taste those ice cream balls and lick, swirl your tongue as you wrap your
lips around the THICKNESS of the head of these ice cream balls, and feel that
cone as you are coated with the sweet tangy juice ﬂowing down down down
coating your throat and you feel the pulsating, throbbing, and the amazing rush
penetrating through your entire body, and you are about to have multiple
pulsating and electrifying orgasms and it just keeps coming, coming, COMING
again and again and over again!
Friends - *speechless, or laughing, or just gobsmacked*
You - Right, got to go and see my…sugar daddy! Mmmm…Mmmm ;)

Exaggerate the shit out of it..
Then roll your eyes as you get up and walk
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should I allow my girlfriend to go out with other guys? She said
it's not dating, just hanging out with a new friend.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Allow?
I don’t own her to allow anything. She’s an adult. You know, I don’t own my lovers
and they don’t own me.
I don’t think about it as allowing or letting her.
She does whatever.
As long she don’t start acting all possessive when she sees me going out with
friends and most look like..

So she does whatever but no lip when I am with friends ;)
6.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Robert Bacaycay

How do you love yourself enough to stop thinking of potential
lover as your savior from loneliness?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Look back into your childhood. Much of the our self esteem is unconsious and
deep within us.
If you don’t know the repeat pattern and beliefs that come from your childood,
from society and from your family, then you will ﬁnd yourself always seeking
approval from others until you let go of your boundaries.
Many of the beliefs we have are passed onto us and they are not the full truth or
the total truth. Our nervous system cannot distinguish falsehood from truth and
so, it's easy for our perception to be inﬂuenced for our body to follow.
Self image ﬁrst and behaviour will follow but if self image is small..

It is easy for our defences to be down and ﬁnd that many of what we feel and
think is our truth are really someone elses, from environment we were born in
and grew up in and yet…they still inﬂuene our day to day life.
They still eﬀect our self esteem today.
So we continue to repeat the unwise decisions, unwise habits, patterns, process,
system and attitudes.
Like this ﬁctional story in which a young girl born in a family, her mother is a
Narcissist who manipulates with silence and then later terror. The girl grows up
aged 19 years old with very low self esteem that she hides that low self esteem by
feeding and supplying her false self.
She lies, consistently, she manipulates and trick and feed oﬀ of other people’s
energy and psycologicaly and biologically damaging them.

She yearns for attention, craving for approval, will do anything to lie, chear,
manipulate and even projects out to the world a false image that is designed for
nothing but to feed on other people’s energy.
Pretends she isn’t into grandoise material, wealth, money, sex and so many
things and fakes crying, fakes empathy, fakes how she cares about human beings.
Projects the rescurer image when really it’s all a facade to her Narcissistic supply.
She is now a Narcissist and she will grow up repeating these patterns over and
over, and over again.
It all started from home but even then, she has responsibility to now to change
and not make her parents as the excuse for doing what she does in the story.
However, she does exactly that.
It’s never her fault and it’s everyone’s fault by saying..
“If a child grows up as an adult and becomes bad, then it’s the parents fault.”
See then how she doesn’t want to take responibility but always speaks like a
victim. It’s always someone else’s fault and not her choice to grow, change and
break that cycle.
Guess what?
There are men like this too and when they detect you are craving for validation,
approval they will press all your buttons to emotionally drain you.
You will not love yourself enough to say = NO! and cut them oﬀ immediately
because you wll fear being alone and abandoned.
Let me illustrate this for you further…
Imagine a woman is texting me.
Suddenly someting happens.
I feel she is doing something I don’t like.
It’s negative, very critical, and rude and I don’t mean sexual as I am ok if a woman
shows me her naked body. It’s no big deal to me. I love it but something is
happening.
I can feel my body experiencing something nasty.
I can easily deny this negativity but let’s say I don’t love myself, and instead of
denying it, I feel the sensations, my heart pounding, rasing, and it’s not a good
feeling, it’s not ﬂirting, it’s damaging, and I now want to hide myself. I can see
some words and some tactics have happened.
Instead of hiding myself I say...
“Hey! Listen. I don’t feel good. Something is wrong, Are you doing or avoiding
something when communicating with me?
I tell her I don’t like what’s going on.
“Oh sorry blah blah blah,” and tries to change my state by saying it’s my fault.
Narcissist always blame someone else and so it’s not an apology but another
bullshit weak ass tactic.
Later on.. she does it again and again, and again, and in diﬀerent ways and all of
it is trying to eat you up, breaking all your boundaries and you can feel something
is wrong but you hide yourself because you are so needy for the approval, the
validation, hungry for it, need that perosn, want to fuck that person, delicious
ass, tits, OOh the prospects of the experience Mmm.

But you see…
I love myself and I speak up.
KABOOOOOOOOOOM!
My self is standing up. My real self. Her pussy and ass, tits is no bigger than loving
myself. This is my boundary.
Step over that line and we are done!
Such people do not like criticisms and so they will dissappear, do the usual
ghosting or whatever. It’s expected. It’s ﬁne.
If you’re not sure of yourself you will be sucked in deeper and deeper. These types
of people don’t care about you. They talk about love, humanity but really they
don’t give a damn.
They only care about feeding fuel to their false self.
They are damaged, cowards and won’t face their true self which is pushed down,
low in self esteem and so they’ll never really ﬁx themselves. They’ll just look for
someone else to feed their false self.
So you need to spend time looking below your surface. You need to invest in
reading or getting therapy to at least know how to do that.
A time will come, when someone says or does something, and you feel it inside of
you that you need to speak up but due to something in your unconscious, way
back in your childhood where you learnt to back away when conﬂict was there,
back away when someone is steping over you, back away and hide yourself when
someone isn’t treating you right, to do nothing.
You behave passive.
It is very common to not look from your origin, when you was a child but if you
do, you will ﬁnd much of what you do today, much of the craving, much of your
beliefs, habits, were shaped back then.
You will ﬁnd trauma but you can heal these wounds.
The Oak tree is strong not because of the leaves but because the roots are healthy.
Go back to your roots and see what is really going on.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Viola Smith

My wife told me that she is pregnant, but that it's not mine.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Listen to your feelings.
Then follow the path is proving it’s your child. Forget all this morality and how
dare you even think that and letting it go.
Trust is ﬁne but when your feelings are telling something is up, doesn’t make
sense, don’t apologise for it.
You’re talking about her being pregnant and maybe an aﬀair happened a bit back
for her to now have a child.
Go and get the answer, through attorney if you have to and ﬁnd out for real if it is
your child.
I don’t know the full story but you need to get facts whatever it takes, because if
you are in doubt, and you then ﬁnd out years later, you’re going to wish you never

listened to morality.
Don’t feel guilty about it either.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jullie Boarn

Is it possible for a man to stay faithful to a woman he says is
draining him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re focusing on the wrong thing.
When a man opens up to you, he is being vulnerable. He has you up there but you
don’t see that but see your own insecurities, and you say you care, love the guy
but you’re not listening to what he’s saying.
That to me is someone who is has no empathy and only cares about the trophy of
having a man, possessing a man and that’s it.
That would be a red ﬂag for me.
He is saying to you, opening up to you that something is wrong, something is
draining him when he is communicating and being with you.
This is why men don’t open up to women. The moment a man does, they think it
is critiscims when he is now showing you more of him, being honest with you
because he cares about the relatonship between you both.
And if he gets back any of this silent treatment or behaving in a Narcissitic way in
making him feel guilty for opening up to you, he will evaluate and he will see
there is no future.
Listen to him and not take it like he’s attacking you. He is opening up saying
something is up, so let’s talk and ﬁgure it out together.
Ignore this and he will see that you’re just after the fantasy not him.
Find out what it is that is happening for him to feel drained. Are you doing
anything unconsciously or consciously with manipulation?
Are you guilt tripping him?
Are you texting or conversing in a manner of loading him with lots of negatitvity
to feed oﬀ from his emotions?
Are you avoiding when he shows aﬀection and do not reply back sincerlely, and
genuinely?
Or…is there a communication problem from his side?
Does he know how to ask the right questions?
Something is happening, like a blockage, and so you both need to remove it.
Help him to do that so both of you can get it out of the way and move forward.
He can feel it and he’s not sure about you, something is telling him there are red
ﬂags and you can either take it personally like it’s some huge criticisms or really
listen and get to the bottom of it.
So forget about faithful. One step at a time.
Look at the draining part and get to the bottom of it.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What things should I never tell to a girl whom I like?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Talking about your ex-girlfriend.
2. Talking about past crushes
3. Talking about existing crushes
4. Talkng about how some girl is checking you out
5. Past troubles. Keep that low key for now until you grow to date etc cetre.
Sort your insecurities out.
In fact, when talking to a girl, it is the same as a girl talking to a guy, the focus
always needs to be on each other, not the world out side.
The goal is building attraction with each other.
Keep it light and fun.
We all got problems, it’s not something unique, we all have them but we don’t
need to share.
First ﬁnd out if attraction is mutual and if it is, then build on it, and if not..walk
away and don’t invest anymore.
15.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why don’t women just reject me, when they’re not interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can approach a woman or anyone, and their mind is already ﬁlled with one
experience or two, or three and these experiences were with other people, and so
now they are hesitent big time to say what they really want to say.
You might see it as you but really, it’s who they have become, and so you got two
choices…
1. Put meaning to their behaviour and it hurts
2. Or don’t put meaning to it and move on.
People I ﬁnd come already with a perception, with fears, with experiences and
well, they carry it with them and they worry about the danger. They worry getting
emotionally hurt, they worry it happens again.
Some will say, “hey I value honesty, be open with me. Tell me how you feel.”
And you do in the most compassionate way you can and suddenly, you wish you
never said a word. You also also realise, you weren’t the one wearing the mask,
you weren’t the one harbouring anything but being yourself. You cared enough to
remove your mask to show who you are and how you feel.
Same with women getting approached…
Most women, if they say what’s on their mind, like “no, not interested,” many a
times they have been called sluts, whores, too easy, threatened, cursed and all
kinds of crazy shit.
So women experienced that and instead of saying outright no, many rather give
an ambigious answer, hide even, say one thing and do something else.
They rather take the passive least resistence.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if I should break up with my boyfriend?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In the begining it is infatuation and it’s easy to just say you love the person then
but the real test is when infatuation fades.
You see, when you love someone, it’s not like where you are in world where when
conﬂict happens you hide. If you love someone, you don’t hide but communicate
and talk it out without blaming each other and acting like a martyr, a victim.
It’s something I said to a guy a few days ago who when faced with something he
did hid instead of being open to communicate. He learnt it was a mistake and
sorted it out.
When you’re in love, and through time you will see their ﬂaws and I don’t mean
the abuse, I mean they have feelings and they far more courageous and open to
say how they feel.
When you love someone, you want to know how they feel and when they do
share, you welcome it with open arms and talk it through.
When you’re in love, you have no room to behave with manipulation, mind
games. That’s someone’s emotions, feelings and avoid them and not commnicate
in a manner that’s about them too but you only self sabotage the relationship.
Which by the way many people do.
When you’re in love, you realise you have to face your own demons because
before you was on your own, it was easy to slack oﬀ, easy to hide, easy to blame
the world and others, but this time, because you love the person so much you are
willing to face your demons so you can make it work.
That’s what I call the Psychological Script.
People start relationships and bring with them sometimes a game in their mind.
They behave in a manner when it gets real good to self sabotage the relationship
in many ways and then…when it screwed up, they use that to act like they are
victims, like they alone, like no one knows them and so they create that
predictable outcome..
“See! No one cares for me.”
“See! People are just..”
“See! All men think about is sex and not me.”
“See! All women are this and that..”
They purposely behave to do that because people are used to failure, used to
breakup so easily, use to want the comfort zone, use to hide and not feel
vulnerable but one day, they will venture out in the world and that is when they
will realise, the gravity of this habit.
The winner in life recognises the pattern of past relationship mistakes and
knows, they do not want to repeat it again and they got to sort their script out. No
drugs, drinks, religiin or mystism is going to solve it.
It will be solved by sorting one’s mind out and facing one’s own demons and
recognising they got a problem and solve it once and for all.
Many don’t want to face reality.
It’s ok to have an imagination and be creative but we are living in a material world
with people of physical vessels and emotions and it needs reality. We can run
away from it all we want but in the end, reality is…there are consequences for
actions and it may not eﬀect us now but it will later on.
So when you love someone, you say to yourself..

“The buck stops here. I love this person and no way in hell I am going to let my
fears, insecurities and emotions fuck this up for me. I need to talk and
communicate and we can work it out together.”
You learn the knowledge, you learn the skills needed, you read more, you work
with your lover to grow and do to get closer, more intimate than making things
become an obstacle.
Compatibility is an attitude.
In which two people as lovers agree to work together through a proces but if they
don’t agree or pretend to, it will not work.
Love then is deeper because you’re not thinking about yourself but the other
person too.
Infatuation was about yourself, your ego, you wanting validation and you get it
time and time again but as time goes by, that need fades away. It was about you
seeing the shiny object and so you went to that shiny object but now it doesn’t
shine as you are too close to see the shine.
You forget where you were and how someone was there for you. You didn’t do it
on your own. They were there,listening, communicating with you as yu talked
about your challenges.
How easy it is people forget many events over one or two events in our life that
didn’t go to well. Lile all the amazing feelings, time, experiences you got doesn’t
mean anything now.
Infatuation isn’t a choice.
Anyone can be infatuated by someone.
It doesn’t take someone special to do that. Anyone can fall for someone with
infatuation. Literally anyone.
But not everyone can make a relationship work!
No, not everyone because not everyone understands themselves enough, have
their insecurities in lock down to a certain extent; have the mindset, knowledge
and skill to do so.
Love is a choice to comitt, make it work, open communication, being vulnerable,
and you made the choice you would.
You have emotionally invested.
Only a fool throws investment away and thinking love is something that doesn’t
need work and love is enough.
Infatuation is not a choice.
Love is.
Now it’s not just about you but someone else too.
You want to give to the person not for validation or neediness but you really love
the person.
You don’t need them and that’s why you love them.
You love them and that is why you need them.
You want to be vulnerable, be open with the person not because you want
attention but you love the person. You really want to give.

The most diﬃcut thing is you will be vulnerable, opening up to someone and
hope they are who…they…say…they….are and they will feel the same too. They
too will feel vulnerable.
One of you or both, shall see your true face and you may not like what you see,
but you got a choice.
Run and hide like most people who who see love as just a word.
Or face your demons and help your lover to do the same if they want to and make
it work. In doing so you grow together without the superiﬁcial games.
If one cannot, well, you will see the weight of their love then.
Is it talk or is it for real.
You know you are not in love in the easy times, when you’re infatuated, when all
is happy, going your way but when it gets a little hard or life throws a right hook
at you.
Now…we see what both are made of.
Talk or the real deal.
Unfortunately most are that. Talk.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Would you stay in a relationship if there was no give and take?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If there is no open communication, if I feel there is no giving back then no, I won’t
stay in a relationship. Love is not enough and it needs respecting other person’s
feelings and not play with their emotions.
That’s what someone is doing if they just take and not give back.
If the other person I am with in a relationship is not even trying or I feel I can’t be
be myself with the person then I’d not stay in the relationship.
Love is not a word. It’s action and love is not enough, it needs someone to give as
well and do so without manipulation. It needs open communication and be
willing to grow over some challenges which brings them closer together. If they
cannot even do that well, what’s the point.
There is no point, and it is always anyway, people behave in a manner to self
sabotage which brings a predictable outcome, usually lack of commuication,
manipilation, mind games, being a victim and so on. Much of it is a psychological
script reinforced by behavour to ruin the relationship.
Many self sabotage which is why many are alone, and it’s a way to feel sorry for
one self and act like a victim to ensure their story in thier mind keeps replaying
over and over again.
I see it coming long before it happens so I am always prepared anyway because
you can tell. Behaviour is not consistent.
Always you see in the behaviour. People say one thing and do the other. Watch
their behaviour as that will speak loudly for you.
Action speaks louder than words.
That’s who you will know really loves you in good and hard times, and not just in
the good times.

So the answer is no. If nothing given back and if it’s not balanced, then the
answer is no.
10 Views · View Upvoters

How do I handle a guy telling me that he can see himself falling
in love with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How should I handle a guy telling me that he can see himself falling in love
with me?

1. Take it as a compliment
2. Then forget acting all distant because silent treatment is manipulation
and open communicate is where one shows they really care about
someone. It shows character.
3. And see his behaviour as time goes by
4. But you also put action in as well
5. Give it time and just take it as a compliment. Don’t throw it in face.
You’re not other women, you are you, so project not of past experiences
or what other women experienced.
And live in the moment and enjoy the journey.
In time you will know but what you need to look for is action as well.
If both actions and words align through a long span of time, and even after sex,
not hat sex keeps a man but still, when sexhappens and he is around, then you
see another positive action.
Really anything when it comes to words.
People say one thing and their character need to be looked at by their action.
There you shall know the truth of that person not in words alone.
One thing to watch out for later in future..
When a man opens up to share his feelings, be open to it as it’s feedback. Most
men ﬁnd it very diﬃcult to even compliment never mind sharing one’s feelings
on what he feels.
When that happens, show in words but also…action…that you empathise,
understand and together you work it out. That is something most people cannot
do and will never attain a relationship they so dream and fantasise about. Reality
needs communication, compassion, empathy.
Avoid being distant and suddenly pattern changes as he will know your words are
not align with your behaviour and so, he will never open up again. Men rarely
give a second chance if that happens because to open up believing someone loves
them and ﬁnd their love was mere words, cuts deep into a man.
I don’t open up easily about my feelings on what’s going on inside.
Even compliments are diﬃcult for me to give because I know what is going in a
woman’s head when we do give compliments.
So when a guy opens up, it’s a big deal but don’t take that as some guy you just
met opens up. That’s a diﬀerent story altogether as he doesn’t know you to do
that and so something is up when someone does that.
I’m talking about a man who you’ve known for a while, been in long consisten
communication over a time span.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think about more than anything else? Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You sure you want to go there?
Ok then ;)
When in a car and sister is driving…
“And the aliens with sophisticated technology hover over New York. The world is
going crazy, evacauation happen, streets deserted now, and the army hits the
ships but cannot penetrate the force ﬁeld. The end of the world hs come but…
I come along ﬂying from other end of the world and land on the ground. The
ground shake and camera’s all on me now. I roll a cig but don’t smoke it, lean back
and with speed, KABOOOOOOM I battle their alien army, and USA and aarmy is
behind watching, staying back, and world is watching and..
Sister - You alright?
Me - Yeah, just looking at the trees
When walking with one of my lovers..
“Far into the universe, beyond the stars, far into where man has yet to venture,
beyond the ﬁnal frontier, a new dimension, is a planet ﬁlled with the same
people, all can transform into whatever they want, man, woman or both, to
whoever they are attracted to…and they can….
Lover - Ok where did you go this time? Battling droids? Maybe you become a
robot and ruled the world? Oh wait..I know that look, SPACE isn’t it? I KNEW it!
So what happened then?
Me - So….
When sitting in a tube station
“What if we could teleport ourselves with thought alone, no devise and…Oh shit,
what if I can do that RIGHT NOW? Ok not teleport but read everyone’s mind right
now. I’ll try that……(trying..trying..trying…) shit, nothing. Maybe I need to clear
my mind from all the noise. Maybe there is a force I need to tap into. Maybe..meh,
I need a drink…”
I think most of time in my imagination on adventures. I can do anything, make
anything possible, world pleace, invent cure for every disease, and ﬂy to get a cat
oﬀ a tree or save wild animal from hunters.
Better than world we live in.
Imagination is power.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do social people think about Online Dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As a social person, as some call me social butterﬂy, but not because I’m exrovert
but really an introvert who developed the skills..
1. If someone is shit out in world, they are going to be so online
2. If someone is insecure oﬄine, it will amplify online
3. If someone lacks knowledge and skills conbversatuin, it will amplify fast
online and get awkward

4. Ifd someone is needy oﬄine it will amplify 10 folds online
5. If someone hasn’t a lifestyle, lives, it wll show online
6. If someone isn’t conﬁdent and puts women on pedestals, it will be
projected faster and bigger online
7. If they lack understanding of attraction and process, it will soon be
revealed in not knowing how to lead from one to another phase to take to
another level
8. If the lack skills in texting, they will lack it in instant messaging
Therefore, the internet and anything else is but a tool and I have mastered oﬄine
world ﬁrst, social dyanmics, attraction right to sex, and I can use internet to lead
to sex on ﬁrst date no problem.
I can screen out any woman who thinks it’s a good day for her to get a free happy
meal and thinks I won’t behave as a lover.
I can converse without sileence awardiness.
I can lead a conversation, of long distance to go on for years, no problem and
woman will still be dripping wet from each conversation and built intimacy and
meet for it to still be on ﬁre.
That’s because of experiences oﬄine with added specialised knowledge and skills
and only things changed are the tools which makes it faster for me.
So online dating, will only amplify someone’s lack of knowledge, skill, their
neediness, their emotional level, their lifestyle 10 times.
The advantage is, you can amplify what you have in an honest fashion with some
knowledge and skills to amazing success.
That’s why I feel many are struggling with.
They ask too much from tools and don’t realise the magic is themselves.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Burak Berber

She's showing sign of interest through text, but when I made a
move, she back away. How do I understand the situation?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I made my move by dropping by to her oﬃce, bring an ice cream, bring her
ﬂower, etc.”
Big mistake.
One of the biggests nice guys make.
1. Never buy a woman anything to impress her because it is buying sex from her.
2. Attraction must come with qualiﬁcation and that means..
Attraction is status
She must see you higher in status or equal. Don’ fall for the bullshit most
women and men sell you, and that includes the mainstream.
She must reveal that she is attraced to you.
That is what is called qualifying.
If she doesn’t, then everything else most guys do such as taking women
to fucking resturants buying meals wil do jack shit. First ﬁnd out that she
is mutually attracted from day one.

In fact, not knowing she is attracted to you by her behaviour and her
verbalisation, creates awkwardiness later on and puts you in scarecity
mode and..can attract women who love using guys for attention. Not all
women are like that but plenty of them do it.
3. When you made a move….
Well what moves did you make because from what I am seeing you’re a guy who
thinks moves are texting for 4 years and giving gifts, hints etc.
Making a move is when a man has the balls to approach a woman and be direct
with her from day one, with some ﬂirting, getting rid of awkwardines, being fun
and then right there, asking her out.
That takes under 10 mins.
If she says no or gives ambigious response…move on.
She hasn’t earnt anymore attention.
She does not qualify for your time.
You invested too much texting for 4 years and buying things for her.
You needed to be direct from the set go to invest less, without buying, and texting
lots to ﬁnd if attraction is mutual.
Move on.
She’s not interested.
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

Are most guys superﬁcial? I just want the truth. Is it all about
looks?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Superiﬁcial, majestically, awesomely, delciiously superﬁcial.
For example..
1. If I saw a woman who looked like her and she looked at me like that..I’d get a
hard on in seconds…

2. If I was walking about and I bump into a woman dressed like this and looked
similar to her…I’d go right up to her and ﬂirt..

3. And if I walk into bedroom and she is dressed like this then yeah, it’s on. I am
so getting out the bondage restrains and collar around her kneck and a chain to
crawl on ﬂoor and call me Daddy.
We are going to rock the roof down…

5. And if she dates me wearing no bra and panties under her clothes, well, forget
it, I am in love, that is it. She knows what makes me go crazy..

But here’s the thing…and for the record, I don’t write for any speciiﬁc person so
people need to get oﬀ their pedestals as this here is the same shit I write every
damn day and common factor.
The thing is..
Looks will get my hard on.
Looks will arouse me,
Looks will turn on the ﬁre.
That will be one of the biggest things in regards to sexual conﬁdence
because I tire of women who are not sexually conﬁdent to at least
respond in like with ﬂirting and say they don’t know how.
This is common knowledge folks. Common. It’s not new. Just look at how
many women complain “oh guys just want sex..” yes, insecure about it
and want to pity and feel like martyrs.
We got the internet now and everything is out there to learn and
still, most women do not learn.
I mean even an average looking women can turn on a man if she knew what she
needed to know but they got lazy. Real lazy.
Instead it’s all complaining what men do, creepy this and that.
They can use all that to learn what they see and apply to the guy they are into.
Christ, it is happening before their eyes and still don’t know what to do.
Like..
“Oh this guy send me a photo of his chest.”
Now send a photo of your breasts to your existing love.
“Oh this guy sent me a picture of his dick!”

That’s a lot of this talk on quora about it and really in so many damn women
forums and I say to them…
“Learn that shit then! Send a photo of your pussy and hey, video to your existing
lover. Stop complaining, Use that you just learnt and turn on your man. Why are
you even tellking your boyfriend thins happens. Only reason, you want to fuck up
the relatsionhip. Use it by doing same with your boyfriend with your sexuality, your
words, your everything..”
What do women learn when they see all that many guys do?
“Men are visual, and hey, lets now put this to practice with..the guy we are into,
because it’s so common guys do that for a reason.”
You think?
It’s everywhere for anyone to learn but most don’t.
But no. People want to be martyrs. They got to have people pity them..
“OOoh guys send me messages day after day about sex. Text about sex. Send emails
about sex and blah blah..”
Yeah?
Then take that and ﬂip it, bang your name on it. with your own email, own text,
or own photo, whatever, and send in your own words to turn your man on or the
guy you desire.
How do you think men learn?
How did a child learn to walk?
The child copied people around him and her.
The child didn’t say..
“OOoh everyone wants me to walk. Waaaaaaah!”
Believe me, when in a job yo’re gong to change a whole lot of shit because it pays
your mortgage or be like most, drunk, into drugs and deep depression while
living in a fantasy world rather than reality.
The look will get me real hot.
I am a visual man.
I love words and imagery that is direct, blatant, sexual, no hints. Just go full on
and show me what you got.
But..
When women want to capture my heart and soul, that’s a diﬀerent story
altogether.
It takes far more than looks.
Dream on. Looks can only take you so far but then it needs something deeper.
Much deeper.
I don’t open my heart and soul for any woman until she can give me her heart and
soul, and learn my language through time and play with me as I do within her. It
can even be just words alone.
It’s diﬃcult to open up as a man but when I do it, and if then woman shows in
actions that she welcomes it without games, that is gold in my books.
Most women you open to and then you see who they really are.

You see, ﬁnally their true colour.
But if you ﬁnd a woman you’re attracted to who you open up to and she’s loving
and without acting like some martyr about it, well, you got gold.
I can teach my lovers and I do on these matters. It’s knowledge and skill that can
create hot chemistry in a relationship.
It’s not diﬃcult to learn.
It is when people don’t put eﬀort to learn it because they are waiting,
overthinking about it, living in dream land, wondering if this person will see
them as that or this.
Get over it.
If the person is into someone, they are into someone.
So attraction isn’t same routine and people nowadays stuck in the
same routine, and don’t give half of what is giving to them.
Love is a word of action.
We can say we love someone again and again but when action is involved then we
are showing for real who we are.
So women need to get oﬀ their pedestals who think their pussy ass, tits, no matter
how hot they look and think…it will keep a man.
Most women have been fucking lazy for years on this matter.
Think about it for a moment….
Most women don’t approach men or women for that matter.
Most don’t give men attention.
Most don’t try enough with ﬂirting.
Most cannot express aﬀection in way man does.
Most do not even sexualise in words, text and always seem to switch oﬀ
with even words.
AND YET..they get it that and still don’t learn it, when it’s happening tio
them everywhere! I mean, they complain about guys messaging them,
texting them, approaching them and ﬂirting with them.
You’d think they’d put two together and take what they saw, ﬂip it and use it for
themselves on who they are attracted to so they keep the ﬁre going.
Instead, they complain and when their man can’t get a hard on because he’s
bored shit of the routine, it’s going to be real hard to turn on that guy.
The ﬁre is out and it is a huge climb.
Tons of women now online complaining about that alone.
That their man doesn’t want sex anymore.
Doesn’t bother anymore.
He doesn’t open up anymore.
He doesn’t want to share his feelings anymore.
Yes, of course,
He knows when he shares he will be judged. He knows when he shares how he
feels it’s going to cause awkwardness.

He knows because he’s done so with plenty of women and he has seen the result
and so he keeps looking for that…one.
The one who says she loves him and when he shares troubles later on or feelings
about what’s going on, she says…
“YES! Let’s work on it together!”
Ever heard that from a woman lads? Have you?
I bet you can’t count then numbers on one hand and found when you did, they
didn’t really show what you really wanted so bad to experience.
It was just words and the action behind the words was non-existent.
I know. I get tons of messages from men and women on this. Lots of it and it’s
crazy because everything is going well but when real deep communication
happens on these matters, oh man, does it go up shit creek.
He used to do all that jazz but it was one way and most women expected the chase
to continue to feel…special.
Their kind of ﬂirting?
Wishy washy words. Too safe. Not clear but holding back.
Negativity far more.
Talking about some crush
Talking about an ex
Talking about how some guy was interested in them
Bad day at university
Bad day at work
Bad day at some place
Bad day…bad..bad..
Imagine every communication you get is like that.
So of course they miss the signs and if the guy says what’s up, well, they either go
nuts and see it that he’s blaming the woman, rather listening to him and then
adjust real fast, quick but they don’t.
We do! We adjust but most women don’t because they had it easy thinking their
pussy, tits and ass is going to do it for them.
Or they will show they understand but….there is this dead silence in the
relationship that kicks in.
Guy comes home and nothing is the same and I mean, awkwardness. Silence.
Like he’s a stranger. Like she never knew him.
He gets the games..
Silent treatment
He ﬁnds he wished he never opened his mouth
Everything now, everything has completely changed
The feeling of pain, emptiness for the guy comes back again
And well, when it does, he realises in all her looks, in all her beauty from
outside, she really didn’t care about how he felt
He now sees…UGLINESS!

He tries one more time but nothing
He then begins to his plans in his mind long before she ever sees
anything is wrong and then blames it on another woman or he’s a player.
They came so close, close to being real with each other.
They came to that cusp, that curve, that place that if they did open up with each
other, WOW. The relationship will skyrocket to an amazing level that they will be
the envy of families, relatives, friends and then whole damn town.
But what happens is silence.
Or half baked truth with….the look…
Most women process for ﬂirting is usually this..
Dressing up sexy right there and then and expect him now to be turned on. Nope,
not going to happen.
Desire is a process.
Attraction has a process.
Seducing your man is a process
You don’t dress sexy and not do the process for him to now get a hard on
and want to fuck.
Most women think a hard on is going to now happen automatically
When it doesn’t they start making it about themselves not that the guy’s
emotions is down, his not hot, he’s tired, stressed due to not being heard
and well, what’s then point.
If there is no process, gradual, like turning on the heat of water on your cooker. It
takes time to heat up.
it’s not going to happen.
That means..no more routines and get creative…
A text can be to her man…
“Hey baby, I so want you to fuck me like this, (image)”
“Hey sexy, I am so wet right now thinking of all the naughty things I am so going to
do to you..”
“Hey sexy, was so wet thinking of you and…(audio of her groaning, screaming as
she’s playing with herself and ends it with…”Mmmm, see you tonight.”
It doesn’t even have to be images or audio but stimulating his mind with words
on what she like him to do to her, and paint images in his head, time and time
again, as she sprinkles comfort like…I love you, and even things she did at work
to break the ﬂow but then back again, turn on the heat.
But most believe it just happens.
Then when they date, they believe, it just happens, and then bitch all day on why
men stop chasing, stop trying when in relationship, he doesn’t text anymore, he
doesn’t compliment anymore, blah bla blah.
Because most women got use to doing nothing when it comes to dating.
They got use to the attention.
They don’t value it anymore.

Men did all the work for most of these women and the idea in their head is the
chase shouldn’t stop but it does, and what’s needed now is both take
responsibility in ﬁring up their desire, souls, spirits in stimulating each others
imagination which also ﬁres up love for each other.
Man keeps ﬂirting, keeps sexualizing, keeping doing and working hard but
nothing happens on other end or not enough.
“OOoh not good at texting.”
“Oooh not good at ﬂirting.”
“I just…er,,,,you know..it’s not me.”
Then see how you can keep a man.
It’s not going to happen because looks alone is also something you get use to…
real fast. After sex, many a times and meeting and all that. So it needs both to
work at it and it doesn’t have to be hard work.
It’s not when both enjoy showing love that way.
It’s fresh. It’s fun. It stimulates the mind and you can also talk serious stuﬀ later
too. It brings both lovers closer together.
But only if a man can be open, share his feelings, and not being judged for doing
so and not get silent treatment and games later on.
Unfortunately, that can happen a lot with dating and relationships.
I get messages daily on this problem.
I just don’t have time or energy to help. I have to be productive in how I do things.
As men are conditioned to not be open.
It’s not easy.
It is scary!
It’s not easy to open up how we feel and to then hear to suck it up because women
are so fragile and if you do, it might mess everything up. If it does then she’s not
the one anyway if you believe in the “one.”
So here’s a tip..
When you see what you call a player, stop judging and start learning.
Watch, observe and take notes in your head. Apply it to the guy one is in
relationship with.
When you see a Bad boy, thank the stars that there is one and watch,
observe, take notes and apply to your man you’re with.
When a lover ﬂirts, sexualises, talks dirty, texting and all that, watch,
observe, take notes, see what images he uses, see his words, then apply it
back to him or the man you’re in love with.
You can get so bored of the look.
But when both work it to go past the skin and bones and this time, swim into their
souls, where it’s more than looks and sex, but deep intimate fucking each others
minds with a look, a smile, a stroke, a whisper, sexy dirty words, images too,
walking in town and got their own kinky language no one knows, deep intimacy
that the can be open with each other about…their…feelings…it is water and ﬁre
all at once.
Fire burning hot that it can shatter glass by it’s heat and bend steel.
Water to cool down for intimacy and deep spiritual loving.

Both work hand in hand.
You got it rocking!
Yes I am superiﬁcial but it only gets my attention.
Keeping a man….is a diﬀerent matter altogether.
20.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if someone is secretly attracted to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah sure, no problem
Me - I also think new spider movie is shit
Girl - Met too
Me - I like star wars
Girl - OMG! Me too
Me - I also like girls who wear sexy clothes, vibrant colours
Girl - I love wearing such clothes. Makes it so erm,
Me - Sexy, hot, conﬁdence
Girl - Yes, yes, all these
Me - But even if a girl is awkward outside and she wears just nothing great, I will
still see her attractive if she shows she’s attracted to me
Girl - Yeah, people are diﬀerent and main thing, they are into you and show it
Me - I like conﬁdecnce in a girl, in which you get a Yes or no when asked out
Girl - I know, it’s so boring isn’t it when they play games
Me - It’s very attractive to me, really hot and sexy when she is says YES without
hints and not all that about sex, like she’s so ashamed of it, can’t stand that!
Girl - I agree. You can just get on with it, can’t you?
Me - Yes, and I’m glad you’re not like that, weird and can say YES or NO
Girl - Yeah deﬁinitely me!
Me - Want to fuck
Girl - YES,
Me - :)
Girl - Oh…I mean…erm.
Me - (Firm eyes look, deeper voice)…I said I like conﬁdence, yes or no
Gil - I mean YES.
Me - I like your conﬁdence :) it’s so sexy and attractive, love it!
Girl - (blushes)
26.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would guys buy sanitary pads for their girlfriend if she asked?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She won’t need to ask.
I’d know anyway and have them stacked up and ready.
I also do so for women when they come to my place, who are lovers.
I’m a lover type, so I know when my lovers are going to need them. I also know
the following..
1. What she will be craving to eat.
Like cheese cakes, chocolate truﬄes, icecream strawberries, raspberrries
but be allergic to them but when cold it works, spaghettie, and so on.
2. What her mood will be
What to do about….depends on the lover I am with, it can be nothing

sometimes and just chill, let the Tsunami go by.
I’m damn strong, like a rock, though sensitive, very, but by knowing all
details about my lovers,personality, the lot, this enables me to be ready
mentally, emotionally and spiritually.
It removes feelings of emptiness.
I don’t look for perfection, it’s about open communication and knowing
me as I know my lover.
So I will know it can give a lot of pain or things can run out, so I stack it up, done. I
got no problem walking into a sex shop and say..
“Hey, got any silver large assplugs? Also a collar with a chain I can pull and yeah,
one massive Wand vibrator.”
So I am not going to be intimidated when I walk into a shop and..
“Hey, where do you keep the sanitary pads?”
Even if the shop is packed with people.
So it’s no big deal.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do women lose respect for men who treat them well?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah, I know where this is coming from.
No, this is about expectations people put on others, I don’t treat women women
at all. I never have and I never will.
I treat everyone well and I do so because I don’t have…expectations and if I did, I
will state it clearly.
I do have boundaries, I do have needs and wants. If I feel sometihing, in which I
feel empty, or something is up, I will say
If I feel someone has upset me or comes with judgment and now I see something
of the bigger picture, I wil say and block them as well.
People I ﬁnd who complain a lot or label a lot, usually are the ones who are not
honest to themselves.
They come with expectations and when a person does that, what they do is out of
expecting something. Everything they do, from approaching you, from talking to
you, from giving or talking, is all a transactional…game.
They do something to provoke a response.
They don’t get the res;ponse and get pissed oﬀ for not being validsated.
They then do more, lots more to suﬀocate the person.
The person doesn’t know WTF is going on or they know, but don’t say anything to
avoid conﬂict.
If you listen, if you watch quickly in the begining, they will reveal who they are,
what their psychological script is, what their game they are playing and what
predictable outcome they want..to make their world predictable..
For a person who says..

“OOh we might ghost each other hahaha, and run..”
That’s a person who actually telling you they have a big problem, insecurities in
that when they get close to someone, they are the ones who will behave in a
manner to then make a person be pissed oﬀ with their behaviour to cklose the
door on them.
“I am not good with relationship. I might hurt you.”
That’s a person who is saying that HE/SHE is the one who got hurt way back in
one or many relationsips, and so they don’t ﬁnd it easy to be in a committed
relationship because they are scared of being hurt.
“I treat women good and all they do is walk all over me.,,”
That’s a person who has a Psychoological script in behaving in a needy manner, a
passive manner, approaching women to be nice to expect,,,something else in
return.
When that person doesn’t get what he/she wants, doesn’t get validated by how
they want,.they then say…
“See! You give and give and treat women/wmen well and look where it gets you. You
get walked all over like a doormat..”
When a woman fails in changing a man to something, like a guy for marriage
then he walks away, she says..
“See! He is a player. Just wanted sex.”
No, he’s a player because he’s not going to validsate her the way she wanted and
had in her mind in then ﬁrst place.
Expecctations do that.
Having no boundaries do that.
Trying to get something from someone without making it clear so the other
person has a choice and knows, this is the basis of the connection, and do they
agree on the conditions of this connection….will lead to resentment.
7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Guy Zille

What is the most unfair advantage a person can have?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Killer instinct.
The Primal Motivation from within.
To be able to call on it when you need it instantly!
Killer Instinct..
1. The abillity to cut through social pressure while others paralysed with fear of
rejection. When I go to night clubs, parties, eveents, anywhere, you’d see me walk
in there like I know everyone, when I don’t. I shake everyone’s hand, say hi to
everyone and that makes everyone else thinks I know everyone! Haha.
2. The ability to approach groups. Imagine a group of women and with men and
you can walk in there, say hi and engage all of them. Other women see you and
think “oooh he must be valuable to know them.”
3. The ability to have camera’s of your mind aimed outwards rather than inwards,
and now you are observing with social killed instint, like a ﬁghter, knowing when

to move, when to step back, when to go round, when to strike, when to draw them
in and when to strike again.
To avoid all thn bullshit, guys acting all Alpha’s shit and before the guys even
know it, you’re making out with the woman they were pursuing and walked out
with her.
4. The ability to behave to any environment with knowledge of the social
dynamics and be able to strategise and quick thinking on the spot.
5. The ability to shrug rejection and already you’re approaching other women and
she is forgotten.
6. The ability to motivate yourself internally, while others fall deep into fear,
anxieties, and ﬁnd yourself healing your mind, body and alert at all times.
7. The ablity…to walk way because you are not seeking approval, acceptance and
to be liked but undertstanding that there is mutual attraction or you’ll walk away.
8. To sense danger before it happens. Many a times you sensed it and you found
yourself to be right, You are being followed and you made the moves fast.
Killer instinct.
You are born with it already.
Just develop it.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is Dale Carnegie's book "How to Win Friends and Inﬂuence
People" applicable for dating or it would end you up in the
friend zone?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t use it. I have read it many times but for dating, no, it is not applicable, and
yes, it would cause problems for you when it comes to dating and relationships in
sexual and romantic way.
You need to learn concreate not motivational, but process, understanding each
phase of the attraction right to building relationships.
Yes, it has a process, it’s own language and the book you mentioned isn’t going to
clear that up for you.
Doesn’t mean to not read it. It can still be beneﬁcial but in regards to knowledge
on dating and relationship building and so much more, no, the book won’t
beneﬁt you in that area.
If you follow me here, then you’ll be able to read answers that will help but I warn
you, I don’t follow then mainstream bullshit, I don’t follow norms and fallacies
that come with it for dating.
I write from a Non-Mainstream view, harcdcore, it can be insulting, oﬀensive at
times, read at your risk. I hope to get my site so no one censors and no one can
ﬂag. They don’t like, they can leave and stay put outside.
Sometimes I write in greater detail too if I have the time.
I’m dyslexic so it’s hard for me to write words and most don’t realise that, so those
who suggest edit my answers, I appreciate them a lot for their eﬀort. They make it
easier for me to write more.
It’s all from my own life experience of 25 years and I am still applying but now it’s
more global, as I travel around the world to see how it works in other cultures and

it comes with a lot of knowledge in process of attration and building
relationships.
So I am pushing myself further as it’s a challenge for me to ﬁnd out how far can
one go in other cultural settings and even with less resources, average looks and
so on.
In England, Paris, Venice, it’s easy for me. Too easy and I need to stretch far more
and even maybe, not use internet as it’s getting way too easy to attract women so
maybe, I might dress down, maybe even lose weight or gain more, to test. Yes, I go
to extreme as I do things like a science and I cannot ask anyone, or read from
books but got to do it myself to document everything which is why when I write,
it comes with experience.
However, the methods, the process, step by step is a diﬀerent matter.
I put these in books which I am currenly writing and also content for my website
which I am currently building and ﬁrst phase of it will be launching very soon
now, to add serious followers who want concrete step by step but it is in means of
a price that are aﬀordable if one is in a job.
Don’t buy, don’t purchase anything from me, until your own ﬁnancial stability is
in order. I won’t be able to live it down if someone buys from me and their life is
not in order. I rather people do that ﬁrst and read content I got out there to get by
until they settled.
That comes ﬁrst before dating as your mind, health and getting the home right is
very imporant for your own stability and spirit.
That’s always needs to be the priority.
However, you can read many of the answers which can help you avoid many
mistakes most men and women make.
Just note, when I write it is not speciﬁcally aimed at anyone. It’s not a new
problem, many go through the questions I answer, many. So don’t take my
answes personally but rather I am writing to an audience not aimed at one person
as I know many go through these same challenges.
So no, it may seem I know you when I write but even when knowing Psychology
at a deep level, no one knows anyone until lots of facts gathered, being with
someone, seeing their behaviour, lots of questions, data.
Even with women,.
They thnk I will know them but that’s romanticism. I know a woman through
time, experiences, lots of conversations, back and forth dating, sex and so on. I
may know personality traites but even that doesn’t really tell you much about a
person’s mind at a deep level.
I’m human. So I write from experiences and sound knowledge but none of it can
ever really say “i know this person.”
I wish I did know, I won’t be travelling around world doing what I do to gather
data and experiences.
You never do know even if you’re with them for weeks and months pesonally. Yes,
you’ll see red ﬂags but I still have to be careful as these can come from my own
own.
Takes time to know someone for real.
So don’t take what I write personally and see it I have been doing this for years
way before I even knew Quora existed and even before the savvy technology we
have today.

Take your time, this is not a 100 metre race.
This is a marathon.
Thorugh the journey, you’ll b e happy to know there is certainty in horizon of
concrete step by step, organised and structural knowledge any guy to learn,
apply, fast but it must be in a mindset of learning and detaching from
expectations and outcomes.
That’s why rejections hits hard.
People put meaning to the rejection by investing too much in someone who isn’t
attracted to them, and they do all kinds of things that will lead to great pain if
they don’t get these fundamentals sorted.
Also you can follow my updates on quora blog..
UPDATES AND QUESTIONS FOR THE GANG
Whenever I launch or whenever I produce anything out there, you’ll get notiﬁed
on my updates.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when you ask a girl for her phone number
but she gives you her Facebook instead?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s not interested.
She doesn’t trust you
It was all superﬁcial.
And she is avoiding conﬂict and awkwardiness to say no. So does the passive
approach which is add you to facebook to lower the impact of rejection but when
you send a message, she probably won’t even bother replying.
It can also mean…
She is interested but doesn’t trust you yet, know you that well, you didn’ qualify
her for her to earn attraction with you.
So she has a big question and she wants to check you out ﬁrst and even show to
her friends.
Relax.
Assume nothing.
Just message her and be fun, don’t be serious, connect and then in a week or so, if
frequency of messages kick oﬀ, or even a week, then move to texting and lead to
dating.
Relax but also have options.
People come with scripts in their head and may assume alot about you.
I get it all time.
I write and a gang of people will asume I am writing about them. It happens but
it’s not my problem. They already had that in their mind before meeting me and
it is only amplifed by them reinforcing it for me to block them.
So relax, see what’s up, set boundaries as well with yourself and also make sure
other person knows and if she’s a nut, or you feel the conversation is just not

ﬂowing right for you, then move on.
You never know where it leads so best not to assume.
Give the person a chance always. Never assume and be careful of your own script
of negativity or pre-judgment. Let her future behaviours reveal the answer and
not your unconscious vibe, that can come with perception about someone.
Even I have that but I make sure I engage to see future behaviour and then I can
evaluate a little more clearly about the person.
They key is have boundaries.
Forget what anyone else out there expects you to be or how to behave. This is
your own values and boundaries. They can be whatever they wan to or say but in
the end, if they step over that line, block.
It’s natural for someone to not trust you quick but if they persist in showing such
behaviour, then you know it’s time to move on.
Have a little faith in humanity, let all go and then watch their behaviour as they
engage with you even more.
You won’t know 100% until you engage further.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Can an African American male get a Japanese woman to date
him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nah, never going to happen mate..never..

I mean, come on now. Next you’ll be saying if it’s possible for black men to date
Japanese women and dress up in those cultural Japanese clothes...

You’ll go crazy thinking like that and start imagining stuﬀ like, a black guy, sitting
and snuggling with his wife who is Japanese….

Then you’re so crazy to even imagine some guy named Mook and he marries a
Japanese girl called Shizauka; who also takes his name and calls herself Shizuka
Mook.
AND you see them snuggling together taking selﬁes, which by the way is never,
ever going to happen in this world…

You need to leave the internet and get out often and travel. I see this all over the
world and it’s people’s own perception that holds them back.
Yes, you may need to change things, like get a job, look healthy, maybe learn a
language, do things to open more resources for you.

Because these things do help you to get out more, travel and open your mind as
well.
19.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when a young woman likes you for what you
seem to be but you barely scrape by?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was 14 years old I had sex with a teacher. My value was youth and I looked
like an already grown man with deep voice, which meant we could do whatever
outside as well…

(I am in my 40s now)
When I was 17 years old, I dated a lawyer, tall, blonde woman I met after one of
my friends got into trouble. I met her waiting in courts.
The reason she took interest?
I said she was wrong and rolled out much of the article legal facts, in which she
misssed out and was a factor in getting the charges dropped.
That turned her on.
So my value then was knowledge and it still is.
In present day, my knowledge, experience in sex with women is high level, plus
many other areas. I’m dominant and I only date submissive women. Yes, I love
submissive type and won’t have it any other way. Also I have specialised
knowledge and skills in diverse industries.
I can adapt very fast especially socially.
Socially, it is my domain and realm I dominate easily but I love my silence and
solitude too.

Which brings me to when I was 19–20, I had my own place, I lost it, was homeless
for a while, and dated a woman who ran her own franchise hair salon business.
I was also broke then, no money and I didn’t give a damn what she thought about
it, My value then?
I made her laugh and turned her on by the way I talked and behaved.
Attraction = status
Status = your behaviour.
You’re problem is in the 3 words you used in your details…
“…seem to be…,”
There is no seem to be. There is only you behave true to who you are or you
didn’t.
If you didnt…
Your status is on shaky grounds.
Your behaviour isn’t congruent to who you really are and behaved in a manner
that isn’t you.
You didn’t behaved congruent, honest, authetic , open to say who you are, not
hiding which is probably why you are now worried that she might ﬁnd out you
are not what you say you are.
That means, moment you reveal the true you, it might lower your status which
means attracion is now weak, because status also has…trust.
Status is also about certainty and if that certainty breaks, it’s very diﬃcult to
build in that person’s mind.
Someone has to be very compassionate, understanding, empathic…and…really
be into someone to forgive them.
The struggle is not the forgiving someone but forgiving themselves for allowing
the wool over their eyes.
Best to always be honest in your behaviour and interaction with others. You don’t
have to remember the lies and always look back.
If that’s not the case and it’s just you feel low in self esteem then focus on that
and just enjoy then moment with her.
Forget the big expectations.
Focus on now, today, this moment.
In Spiderman movie…
Spider -This is all I have. I am nothing without this suit.
Starks - If you’re nothing without this suit then you shouldn’t have it.
There is an article to read on expectations. It’s not my website or article but it can
bring some value to you if you read it..
http://www.thomasvan.com/relatio...
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that I no longer wish to put in the time and eﬀort to
see a guy again, even though I have had good times with him
before?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. He doesn’t make your heart race and pound when he commuicates
2. He doesn’t make you lustful and desire him with way he communicates
3. He doesn’t make your body tingle to feel the pulsating and pounding like
shockwaves shooting through your entire body.
4. He makes it even diﬃcult for you to connect with him at any level
5. Which means…he doen’t make you feel special and unique with way he
behaves everytime he communicates with you.
It’s like you exist but still feel invisible. Something is missing. Like this feeling of
intimacy and deep emotional connection.
Like a wall is there due to games and not openeness from each side. You’re not
telling him how you feel and so he isn’t either.
You’re on this fragile stage and well, it can happen but not if you both don’t trust
each other or feel that connection.
In other words, his moods are destructive to building attraction and rather than
building attraction, it but builds comfort, which is ﬁne but everyone is diﬀerent.
So though you may like to keep the connection, you wouldn’t for sexual and
romantic, as the eﬀort is not worth it and…you know that already.
It’s not the long distance.
It’s when there really isn’t much attraction there and so you cannot really envison
a future with this guy.
So that lets you know the investment is just not worth it.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man attractive to women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What's a man's most attractive feature to women?

His amazing intelluctal mind..

The way he wear clothes, loose hair and who shows he is so genuinely interested
in the woman. Has wit and charm…

It doesn’t matter if he hasn’t got hot looks like this guy who pretends to these
women with a photo of hot male model
No, he can be alright looking and clean but he has guts to show his personality,
his patterns of how he thinks and behaves, yes, an intellect…

He must have nice shoes, shiny, clean and a guy who shows vulnerability,
openeness and so women can relate to him…

Who are we kidding ;)
See how if you ask one gang of women and another, how diﬀerent their answers
will be.
So who do you believe?
People change when emotions kick oﬀ. People say one thing and do the other. I
have seen many do just that and contradict what they say.

You will never get the right answer because one crowd of women will say this,
other will say that, other will contradict all of them and say something totally
diﬀerent.
By the way, you can see more with the Tinder screenshots and why he did it on
the link below..
The Life of a 10/10 Male (Tinder Case Study)(Pics)
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says I am terriﬁed of hurting
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He has been hurt before in relationships and he is afraid of them now. He doesn’t
know where he is in his life, He doesn’t know if he can be that ideal man you
might expect him to be.
That if you do be part of his life he might not be able to stick through it as he is
scared of committing, because he did so before and got really hurt.
He once believed in love and in the one.
He did believe in relationships but he got hurt so bad that it shook him to his
core. He ﬁnds it diﬃcult to trust anyone like that.
He feels that if he does, he will feel that pain again and he doesn’t want that and
you too will get hurt.
So he doesn’t want to get attached and when he feels like it, he will create his
predicatble outcome of walking away
He will either do some drama to create the awkwardiness, the divide, or provoke
you do do something or say something to create the division.
Or act distant and it will all die down for you to let go due to the pain you wil feel,
the same way he felt and still feels about when it comes down to committing
himself to another relationship/someone.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lolo Ehm

Do looks matter honestly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes….

Yes it does..

Looks do matter…

You can certaintly bank your dollar it does..

(credit - -mages from pininterest section here)
But looks is not enough.
Let me explain…
See this word “look.”
That word is what it is..,for a reason.
1. Our eyes are in the front. You see with your eyes.
2. The brain attention is grabbed.
Therefore, it has to be…visual when it’s about the appearances.
Yes we have diﬀerent other senses but we are focusing on the “look.” not smell of
fragrance, hearing and touch but the “Look.”
3. All perception in unconscous and anyone can say, looks don’t matter, but we
humans also behave on an autopilot way.
I’m sure you heard some women say blah blah doesn’t matter and I like a
guy who is blah blah blah to…date a guy who is…the total opposite!
What people say and what they do can be very diﬀerent because when they
speak. they evaluate who is listening, the consequences, eﬀects in their social
circles, if they will be judged and the fear of…loss.
Plus they are talking logic and logic doesn’t get a woman pussy wet and her body
tingling all over ;)

That means, our brain will detect immediately what we have been conditioned
with on what is attractive.
And attracton is = status
And status is = behaviour
Depending on the person, they will look for a cerain type of status.
Remember this as we go along..
Behaviour is status.
If it is inconsistent the status will fade. Attraction dies and desire changes
direction and so does the actions of the person.
So if someone behaves all sexy, sexual, showing ass and tits, and suddenly
switches down…..trouble. She is losing status and doesn’t realise it.
Yes, men also evaluate women every second, every minute, everyday of
interaction and even…when they don’t intereact.
He is assessing everything for the future and he will already have been very direct
in his words and behaviour what his future looks like. He hasn’t approached to
impress.
Why? Because the lover looks for compatibiliy!
If he sees lack of consistency in her behaviour and if he feels shit about it…get
ready…he just ﬁgured her out.
He is now just waiting for her to do all the…predictable..moves.
She will betray herself soon enough.
It is the same with men if they behave one way and next, totally change, then
same thing will happen.
So what I ﬁnd attractive, someone might not.
But what we do believe in the most…is…behaviour.
Anyone man and woman can say…
“Baby, I love you and you mean everything to me.”
Yeah?
But where is the actions then when he or she said they will do anyyhing, just
anything to ﬁnd that anything, is not anything, but whining, complaiing on
doing it.
“OOh I can’t because..”
“OOh I am so confused because..”
“Ooooh so tired because..”
That’s not consistent to what was said.
This is called misdirection and it comes with lots of drama to hide their lack of
aunthenticity and their own insecurities.
So what is her actions?
1. Does she listen to what he said about his life?
2. Does she expand consistently as they talk?
3. Or is it, that she ignores and all she does is talks about herself?

4. Does every interaction, phone call and text is about her?
5. Or does she really gets to know him and asks about his life and when he
speaks, she expands it more to know more?
6. Is her behaviour in begining whether sexual, ﬂirtatious, personality, so
on…changed and she tries now to do the guilt trip about how world is
changing her and so on?
7. Or is it consistent and she is loving turning him on the way she knew this
is his language?
8. Is she behaving in a manner in which she is judging gender of man, his
sexuality and trying to now change him?
9. Is she tryinng to frame this insto some soul mate relatonship and so she
does what many women do, suddenly stop ﬂirtation and sexuality, and
women know what the I mean.
When any woman does that…through stage and afterwards, this is what
she is doing! Framing it and trying to….CHANGE you., control you,
change your Psychological and biololgical position. She is doing it for
then fulﬁllment of …love. You know, the fairytale, cinderalla, sleeping
beauty. The soul mate….the “one.”
10. Is she really…who…she..is?
Did you know there are some people who can imitate your behaviour so they
can get you to think they are compatible to you?
I met women like that.
It goes like ths..
1. They are so sexual. Flirty, showing what they knows I love, ass, tits,
pussy, playing around, photos, videos. Showing they are compatible in
that part and knows that part is big for me.
2. Now here comes to bullshit…down the line…they ﬂip, changes and now
she isn’t sexual anymore but does a litle hint there but nothing. That
means, sex for her isn’t as big as she said it is.
3. Now when relationship begins the sex becomes disant and soon he, as a
lover has options. He has multiple lovers and so, he knows the trap most
men fall for but he knows..love..is not enough. Not when someone is
harming his psychological and biological makeup which can eﬀect his
self esteem.
Not when the one who says she loves him dangles her body, pussy, ass,
tits like atrophy. She has now limited to show skin and she thinks she got
the relationship in the bag.
4. He spends less time with her and more wth other lovers who were honest
with him and consistent.
Then…it dies for her.
He has completely moved on from her and she will say..
“All men just want me for my body, for sex.”
She becomes anoher statistic, a mouth piece, a slogan of many, a stream in a
comment box on websites, a complaint and whining in women’s forum but she
knows she screwed up bad.
By the time she gets to even 40 years old…he time is up.

Single, confused and most of all, she realised what the lover did long ago.
That the ﬁnal mystery of love isn’t possession of a man nor is it a soul mate, not is
it dangling sex like it’s some fucking big deal.
It is…loving for yourself.
Throughout her spent years she will wonder about the lover who made her body
tingle, her breasts swell, her heart pound by words alone, and he made her feel
shockwaves go through her entire body to look at in the mirror.
She isn’t young anymore.
The men of her age do not desire her as much as they desire younger women.
Many men do not want to even date anymore.
In the night she wonders of him and she wish she didn’t fall for social
conditioning ways, and what other people might say and the chase of the “one” as
her ﬁnal quest for love.
She wished she…loved herself to never fall for that bullshit.
But the lover won’t be returning. He meant what he said and he doesn’t wonder
about who the one who got away.
Because there is no “one” except the one who is compatible to him and does not
try to ﬁx and change him.
That’s a SIREN.
That’s what they do.
In my book I am writing called THE SIREN - WHY WOMEN PLAY GAMES, it
covers a lot of the bullshit that goes on and how to screen Sirens out. How to
identify them and their behaviour, and what they say.
But you got to have balls.
You cannot put look ﬁrst and just go with it.
Yes be atttacted but observe carefully.
Sirens who identify other men as lovers, know the high status of a lover, his
sexuial experience, his resources, his wordly knowledge and he’s a fucking bad
boy who will slap her ass, pin to wall and eat her out and lead, without her every
worrying.
“OOoh but I don’t know sex. What do I do next?”
That excites her. That mystery of him and his ballsy attitude, charm, fun escites
many women.
He’s the guy when you are unhappy his vibe makes feel like freedom has came to
say hello and you feel great.
That’s why they go for the lover.
He’s the master lover and knows how to make women feel amazing, emotonally,
sexually and intellectually.
The Sirens in behaviour reveal skin quiet fast but that’s not why they are Sirens.
Nothing wrong with showing body, pussy, ass and tits fast. Nothing whatsoever if
sex happens on ﬁrst date or hour.
It is the intent behind it that makes her a Siren.

It is the expectations, the plotting, which girls by the way learn early on in life as
children. They are already pushing the buttons.
She Siren will be sexual in the begining and show skin, ass, tits, then works but
she changes…down the line to frame the relationship into some fallacy of a soul
mate.
Lover type knows what is going on.
He has he ability to see as he has met many people and many women, and
studied pattern so he is not trapped by women who fall for the fairytales. He
knows and that is why he is always direct.
When a woman approaches him or he approaches her, he says…
“I am alover. I love sex. I will fuck your ass right now if you’re with me.”
He is the master of human behaviour and Psychology to…protect himself from
these types of women.
That alone should scare these women away, right?
That alone, should tell them he’s a lover, desires sex so why even bother coming
to him acting like they didn’t know and putting themselves on a pedestal on how
he might trick them.
Hes been direct from day one.
He said what he wants. he’s not a pussy of a man or a woman hiding behind her
hints.
He said what he wants and is direct but does it stop some women who want to
have a go with their pedestals?
No, it only attrracts them in the hundnreds and thousands.
The status is strong.
How do you know then, how when everyone looks the same and also
someone can imitate your behaviour?
How does a woman know out of so many men she meets, all dressed up so ﬁne,
looking great and you cannot tell the diﬀerence except by “looks.”
His…behaviour is…consistent.
He has this honesty about him. It doesn’t matter if he’s a bad boy lover. He says to
her who he is and what he desires.
He can also go on for years and he will be consistent.
A lover will always be a lover type even when he ﬁnds someone he loves. His
lover will know, she cannot change him,
He will always behave sexual and if a woman continues to avoid his signs even in
conversations, interactions, and behaving non sexual, he will have already known
her game.
He is but gathering intelligence.
Even if he loves her with all his heart…he will end and severe the relationship or
he knows she will do the damage herself to create the predictable world.
They have to reveal themselves and people always do either in beginning without
realising or down the line of weeks, months etc.

The challenge is is people are so infatuated by the “look” so much that they are
far diﬀerent to the lover who can control these emotions to evaluate. He is is a
master of his self as well.
He knows himself. He knows his weakness and strengthes.
The lover is evaluating all of the woman’s behaviour.
He loves women. He loves their body he can eat pussy of a woman all day. He
loves it. He will say it too. He is creative in many things and so he is creative in
thinking and imagination and strategy to life.
He is the commander in cheif with dating. He knows the games people play and
battles of transactional games that go on.
He knows very well…the “look” can be danger.
It can hide many social masks behind it’s “look.”
He is not a teen but older, wiser, smarter and emotionally and mentally tough. He
loves the look but he is looking for something else.
He’s prepared and armed with patience and knowledge.
He’s a master of psychology, understands how love works, understand how
attraciton works, understand how chemistry and desire works at the deeperst
core how comfort to seduction works.
He is armed with specialised knowledge and skill so he can protect himself from
the trickster who will come at him with their beauty.
Let’s stick to the “look” for moment…
In some countries I have ﬂown to, they like big fat woman.
They see woman who are as goreous, beautiful.
So there is cultural aspects in volved as well and you be amazed how fucked up
we are, when you see all we see as beautiful is acrually isn’t to another culture or
community.#
In some countries, they love very long knecks.
So travel and open your mind and you shall see how the “look” will be diﬀerent in
diﬀerent parts of the world and cultures.
Deinition of look..
Glance
View,
Scan
Survey
Sight
Glimpse
Gaze
But the look is only one tiny step. It’s one of most important one but it is only one
tiny step as we can see below..
The ﬁrst step is….Attention.
In marketing and sales it looks like this..
1. Attention

2. Interest
3. Desire
4. Action
So in marketing and sales, where proﬁt is important and consistency of proﬁt, we
don’t bullshit like we do with people in society.
If anyone didn’t behave consistently and performance wise and even get better,
then when evaluation comes, it’s head to head talk.
They are going to point out what they observed.
There is a probation period as well.
The real world has no room for fallacies. They want results and they want it
consistently so they can measure, reﬁne, improve and build on.
So what did you learn from this?
That you can grab the attention of a person with the appeararance like what we
see in adverts…

And the way you look will project a perception and all it needs is someone to have
low self esteem to ﬁnd the what another peson sees now is diﬀerent…

(Second post omag pf perﬁem is by Mariia_ fr

and I got it from Freepik - Free

Graphic resources for everyone )
Either way, the look will get someone’s attention.
So the next is…Interest.
The person needs to keep the other person’s interest and that is something most
believe just happens.
They believe attraction just builds on it’s on own but really what happens is…
desire…changes direction and as it does.,..so does the actions.
So you got to know what you’re doing and keep building attraction consatanly not
switching back and forth.
Atttention, interest, desire and action is a process.
Notice the word “action.”
You can’t go oﬀ learning process and do nothing about it.
In attraction, qualifcation, comfort, sex, relationship management there is a
process. It is the emotional language of dating.
In each one progression there are many components with their own process, in
which one can connect to the person language as they to them, not changing the
person because they…are..compatible.
So no one should bitch if a man or woman wants sex, wants to talk sex, wants to
behave in this way and that way.
The reason being is you klnow that is who they are and if any are whining about
it, talking how the person is this and that, then it is not them, it is lack of

compatibility.
The one who is fuckng up is the one comig with expectations to change them.
You can’t behave all sexual and ﬂirty in begining and then change like chameloin
and expect the person to change with you.
Which is why woman dating a high sexual, and she isn’t sexual, not into sex at all,
or got some issues about men, or sex, needs to stay the hell away from lover types.
Leave them alone and move on.
Same for men.
If you know then woman is high sexual, loves sex, love being free spirit, move on
if you’re not compatibe. Forget changing anyone.
Don’t go past the “look.” Close that door.
Move on.
Because she is going against his emotional language and he will suddenly behave
distant and he will see clearly, in her behaviour, of he lack of showing sexuality to
him, she doesn’t have the same values, she doesn’t see world in same way or close
enough and she is ﬁghting against him to ﬁx him.
She won’t be able to behave irrtationally and create drama because she’s
panicking, trying to change and ﬁx him and fears loss.
It’s lost already when she wasn’t true to him from day one.
Same for when it comes to men.
There are men who do not look for compatibility and then put the “look” above
themselves, and then try to ﬁx and change.
They were not honest and direct about their intent and who they are.
In the end, relationship caves in and she moves on. If she’s very insecure, needy,
she will go back to him and the vicious cycle goes on.
The Look gets the attention.
But to capture a man’s or woman’s heart is a diﬀerent matter.
It needs consistent behaviour but the moment they change how they behaved in
the beginning, then their status, that “look” gets lower….lower….lower….lower…
until…desire changes direction,
Desire doesn’t die. It doesn’t fade. It only changes direction.
If the person feels frustrated, feels something is wrong, the pattern has changed,
and begins to feel empty, if it eﬀects them, sexually and their personal life..
If it is making them feel hurt they begin to see far more.
They wake up to realise in the slience of their solitude, in looking back at all
behaviour and words….that this person they thought they knew, isn’t who they
say they are.
It is now over.
Her or his beauty, the look means nothing.
it has all turned into ugliness.
The person’s outer look is now nothing.
The appeal has gone.

The magic is over.
The special and uniquiness is gone.
They see a person who is like many people. Not special at all and just then same
old shit over again.
That alluring feeling and deep desire for this person is gone.
Status gone.
Like it never existed.
Desire has now changed direction and they move on even if they love the person.
Love is not enough.
They betrayed them and so the person just moves on.
The most diﬃcult part is they feel they beytrayed themselves to not been able to
see fast enough.
That’s then hardest part of all to live through and that part, sadly, is projected in
their future relationships with devastating consequences to bring the
psychological and biological into someone else’s life.
11.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I reply to someone who tells me I'm ugly or darkskinned?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re a girl…
You - Hey, don’t worry. Your boyfriend/girlfriend is safe. I know I’m a fucking diva
but they’re not my type of crowd. I like a bit of bad boy not some wuss.
If you’re a guy and girl says that,.
You - Nah. I so don’t want to fuck you. Maybe try that nice guy there, probably
have better luck. I’m not interested. So drop the act bitch.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it rude to tell someone "Not everyone will think you're
attractive"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t need to be said to someone. We all have insecurities and even the most
conﬁdent ones.
You’re also not saying anything new. It just makes a person hurt someone and
nothing more for ego.
It doesn’t need to be said.
Also, lying as well. One doesn’t also need to lie either.
310 Views · View Upvoters

Why do I only get catcalled when I'm with my boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jul 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because of monkeys. That’s why it happens, Monkeys.
You got a monkey on your back.

Your boyfriend has one too.
So have these guys.
They want to get your boyfriends ego’s attention.
It’s a game and it can get real dangeous if he responds.
Moment the monkey your boyfriend is carrying on his back, throws a grunt at
them…they will throw more than a response.
He’s took on the challenge in their territory.
They will charge…

Suddenly you got Planet of the Apes happening in front of you instead it’s man
ﬁghting man.
Ths is war.
The strategy for both in the Jungle = IGNORE THE MONKEYS
No, not them.
I’m talking about the one on your boyfriend’s and on your back.
It’s called…ego.
It’s not worth it.
Make sure your boyfriend and you stay calm, eyes front, and keep walking. Avoid
giving any attention.
Or this can be a new sequal of Planet of the Apes
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Can you date in the UAE?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dating? Yes.
Public? Not a chance except in certain hidden places..
You know Saudi Arabia? You know Kuwait? How about Yemen?
It’s like being in England, living in a community with religion and culture. It’s
also like living in any western country.
Aything goes but it’s not as easy as that.
Anything goes, which means it’s not just men dating women, women dating men,
there are also bisexuals, lesbians, gays, the lot to even cross dressing and some

folks might think..
“Huh but those countries like strict religious and you can get killed, stones and..”
Yes, I know but keep reading,
If a man wants to attract women or woman wants to ler’s say in the arab countries
I mentioned, the key is complete discretion and managing to not be seen in
public like you are dating.
You got to keep it private and behave in a certain way. That’s why you got to be
very good at logistics.
Trust is big. Reputation is big,
Even in England.
You know the diﬀerence between guys who get laid more than guys who don’t?
They don’t go around telling their friends, who they fucked and I don’t mean
saying they had sex with a a woman.
1. I mean, some guys and girls, can’t keep they mouth shut and start telling
their friends, NAMES of who they had sex with.
2. Second, they do not manage logistic well.
3. Third their behave in public in social settings are being observed, which
reveals to those who do want to date others decide these folks are
trouble. They do not date them and nor mention sex because they can
cause problems for them.
The key is - being really good at keeping a lid on it with names, with also one hint
of saying ths is the person and…logistic, like time, place, how to get there without
anyone knowing etc.
In Enland as an example, you see religionss and lots of cuktures, strict right?
Well, there are may who do date, do have have relationships, some deep
andintimate, and sex, but they know how to manage it, to keep a lid on it so
community and parents didn’t know.
The one who is the best at that, well, paradise. The one who is drama, women see,
or men see, and they hink..
“OOoh no. If we dated, and had sex, too emotional, possessive, jealous, will ruin me.
Not going to happen.”
Everyone is watching everyone.
This is how I could have lots of women who didn’t want relationship but sex.
Beautiful, gorgeous, attractive women but they feared for their reputation. When
they knew this bad boy could keep a secret in not mentioning names, not hinting
anything to social circle, it is heaven for me.
I have had sex with co-workers, business associates, CEO’s and even women who
tell other women they know, women who had enough of relationship but want
that touch, romantic sex, massage, candle lit, dancing in room and sex, and talk
afterwards to leave to never be seen again, meet me.
So all these rules for example women make about dating,no sex blah blah?
To that man, she will forget all these rules, travel to end of city or eath and ride
his dick because he’s not a nice guy who is emotionally unstable, and get so
serious, like some fairytale.

She wants a man of experience and who can give her that sexual romantic
experience and for her to then disappear, as sometimes she is in a place she
cannot get out of yet but she..wants…to…explore and experience.
Behaviour is your status.
And being able to manage the logistic to make it easier for each other, wins hands
down when it comes to dating in these countries..and..anywhere else, such as
England or America etc.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 24, average looking girl. I have always excelled
academically but not socially. I have never been in a
relationship. Is something wrong with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So the degree didn’t help, huh?
By that I mean, you didn’t work on your serious issues at hand. You’re
psychological script, the game you are playing with yourself and other people
who come to you.
You can tell what is going on very easily when you mention your degree. You’re
hanging on to that with your dear life and how much you earn.
The point is you are so hungry for validation, needy for attention, and when it
comes, you push it away because you have…low self esteem.
The whole details reveals it.
You maybe conﬁdent in a skill but that’s like some hot tall babe, walking about
with nice tight clothes, sexy ass, but really, deep down, she thinks she’s ugly and
so she behaves unapproachable.
So you may have a degree and earn but that doesn’t mean you have high self
esteem. Someone with high self esteem would not put heir degree as part of
somrthing to attact men but stand on her own merit.
Without the degree, how much you earn, your status is very low because your self
image is low, and when your self image is low…forget it. Not going to happen.
This is about the heart not data, content.
This is about proces not content.
This is about feelings of men not logic.
You answered your own question already..
1. I have never been able to reciprocate
What do you expect then? If guys show you vulnerability and you don’t.
Why do you expect to even imagine being in a long-term relationship
with you?
2. I have had crush on were mostly way out of my league
Same again. What do you expect? You think guys read minds and you
think the conﬁdent one who have experience want to go there and date
women with thikns like that and always he has to prove to her how much
he cares. He has to allways walk on eggshells becuse she’s so senstive and
low in self esteem?
Behaviour is status.
The lack of action reveals low self esteem.

Your script in your head which clearly is evident in the details with the
qiestions….shows you are only making your world predictable.
You are creating that outcome due to some psychological trauma, to avoid
someting you fear and then rationalise that it’s about the guys, when really you’re
just doing what many women do.
It’s not a rocket science.
You got low self esteem.
Work on yourself than just paper with a stamp of a degree you did at some
institute.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of a guy who says he's a nice guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy says he’s a nice guy, run as far as you can..
1. Wears social mask to such a level he isn’t authentic
2. Very needy to be validated, approved and accepted
3. Starving for some love and will do whatever to get it which also includes
supplicating to women and being a doormat
4. Cannot take criticisms
5. Behaves like your brother and then wonders why so many women just
don’t want to date him or have sex with him
6. Avoids conﬂict like the plague so forget him showing his sensitive side in
your face. Instead he will sulk and disappear and do all those weird
behaviours like pretend he forgot to meet you, and on goes the games.
7. When you do have a boyfriend, he is so upset and he will try to self
sabotage it as well if he can
8. Will still chase women who treat him like shit and keep sending text
messages and phone call messages when the women put no eﬀort. He’s
very desperate
9. Hides his vulnerability
10. Probably thought Daddy was Masculine but didn’t realise his drunk belly
dad, who is really passive and a coward, who acts big in front of his
wife/girlfriend and his son but…he is a coward when it comes to work,
and other people and kisses their asses, Sad fact he thought that’s
Masculine when his dad was a double faced pussy
11. So he has a lot of Psychological issues and I mean he bottles a lot inside
and thinks he has to be perfect, so good, to attract.
This is why he is a coward, because he will wait…wait…wait…wait, do all
those hints, behaving passive because…
“OOoh I don’t do what these bad boys do, I am diﬀerent, better.”
Yes he is diﬀerent.
We get laid.
Nice Guy gets to be a doormat for women, people around him, at work,
with women in relationship, he will not speak up, have an opinion and

thinks LOVE, good will save the day.
One day she will change, fall for him because he does all the “good”
things for her….because…the white knight…King Arthur will rise again
and come to save the world and Merlin will appear again, and he will be a
hero because he ﬁghts along side King Arthur and she will praise him for
being so, so good.
But then he fucks her as she is the Queen and King Arthur who trusted
Lancelot, the white knight, the night guy realised, he is not nice at all but
a traitor to the round table, the ideas of having massive balls and to
approach somewhere else than doing that kind of stuﬀ which brings in
the end…pain and loss to King Arthur.
The nice guy knight Lancelot is not only a traitor to then round table but
he is a traitor to himself.
He realises he’s a pathtic wuss who is not nice and tries to redeem
himself, by doing it probably again to another bad boy King but they’ll be
ready for him, he just doesn’t realise it yet.
King Arthus compared to what’s coming, the…Bad Boy Player makes
King Arthur look like pussy. No then Bad Boy lover, will detect Lanceleot
of then modern age, and will show him a lesson he will never forget.
As for the Queen…she goes and lives in monsastry, goes in hiding
because she thinks all men are assholes because it wasn’t her fault she
opened her legs, rode his dick, gave him a blow job.
You know the victim script..
“OOh all men just want me for sex..” (yawn)
12. That means he is always living in fantasy not reality.
Probably watches porn all day and he’s the one who can’t get it up when
sex happens and girls like “WTF!” and he’s like “Oooh I am not a man
anymore.”
That’s all due to stress as well, bottling things up, probably on lots of
meds too and masurbating everyday, probably every 6 hours.
13. Sees a woman and she smiles and thinks she is so in love with him and
she is such a princess, fragile, innocent so he better be careful not to
upset her or she will think he’s a bad boy
He’s the guy who wil piss himself out of fear just approaching a woman
or touching a woman’s arm because..
“I am a nice guy, nice guys don’t do that when dating. I have to show her I
am the good guys..”
14. Everyone else who date, gets laid, eats pussy and gets blow jobs is
bad..assholes..jerls. Yes, everyone who has a girlfriend is a bad, assholes
and jerk.
Why else they will date them and not him.
But he is all good becaase he is pure, the ultimate knight who gets
treated like an emotional tampon.

Reality..he is Lancelot who will fuck your wife/girlfriend when you’re not
around.
Then he will say that it’s diﬀerent to having an aﬀair.
He’ll rationalise it is diﬀerent because he…is good but other guys are
bad, because he came to save her from badness and then wonders why
he gets drumped after she ﬁnished with him and realises he’s too needy,
abusive, angry, liar, manipulator, emotionally wrecked and it’s best sge
gets back to ex quick!
But by the time she returns, the ex had a talk with Adam Taha, and so
when she did knock on his door a few month later, what she met a tall
blionde girl and brunette, lovers of her ex.
Back to then monastry she goes like Queen Geneva, shouting on how all
men just wants her for her body, a sex object, the same old broken record
story of the damsel in distress.
15. Push over
16. Very passive
17. Timid
18. Predictable as your day to day routine.
19. Rejected he’ll complain to everyone and even online but never stand up
for themselves to the person they are upset with
20. They like to ﬂag answers like this …
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a women says she
appreciates everything you've done for her and that you are heavensent?
21. Because they know a nice guy doesn’t say he’s one and he will buy you
stuﬀ, he will do all sorts of stuﬀ like taking you to resturant to bribe you
for sex, and impress you and never showng true direct attraction
In other words..for women…stay the away from him. He’s got a lot bottled up
inside and he’s going to have to unleash it somewhere.
You night be the person he unleashes it on when you let him inside.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do men have to always take the ﬁrst move in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most women don’t because…
1. Socially conditioned in that they follow norms favourable to their peers.
Therefore, they fear what their social circle, what relatives, friends, what
it looks like to them and society, if they heard that she approached. It is
still in a sense acient taboo.
2. Some would even stay stuck in a place they don’t want to be because of
that fear of being judged, labelled, ostracised, being called sluts, whores,
too easy and so on. I personally had the best relationships and still have
with women who made it easiar and those that don’t, bye, bye, which
brings us to the next one..

3. It is true that when some women approach a man, some men will be
following some tradition, norms, or he will be cultural of some sort, or he
will have this idea that man must approach ﬁrst.
So when women approach this type of guy, she gets rejected sometimes
because of that, and so, she now believes all men are like that
or..rejection hurt real bad, maybe done it a few times with other guys.
So, now she does all the bullshit hints, signals and whatever
4. When a person has experienced pain or an experience that wasn’t
pleasant, it sometimes hits them real hard that they project this
experience to dating in the future.
5. Edit..I needed to add this as this also is an added factor. Personality. It is
a language. So women like men will have their own personality. Each
personality as it’s strength and weakness.
For example, there is personality that does like conﬂict, they avoid it and
even a small thing, a word, or phrase, on what you said eﬀects them as
they very sensitive and so, they do not venture, but stay home, isolate
themselves, and while that’s alright but they then complain.
“People don’t understand me” but they do not give time to understand
others, are not forgiving at times, their generosity suddenly stops, and
they leave you dry.
They don’t like facing conﬂict and so, a relationship or a connection, can
stop due to their behaviour in which they disappear for a while which
causes frustration on someone else. It hurts someone else, They are
creating that awkwardiness and other person feels hurt, distance
themselves and moves on.
This pattern repeats for along time for some and this personality, you
can forget approaching men face to face. Men also, who have this
personality will ﬁnd it hard.
Fear of rejection is heighten.
That is just one personality. I haven’t even gone through the rest as well
as the Psychological make up, the script, and a whole list of factors that
come with one personality.
So there are diﬀerent personalities and these also play a role in making
people inhiited, seem withdrawn, seem shy, seem awkward , very
cautiousm over thinking, trying to control something, whether
themselves or outside, or even seen they got anxiety.
This is their personality but they need to balance it.
Balance doesn’t mean change yourself.
Balance is harmony.
if they don’t balance their personality then they won’t approach, they
stay hidden, withdrawn, and don’t gain a lot of social experience.
The key is this - woman or man…

No matter who makes the move, you cannot make these reasons as a way to say
this is why one is not successful.
You cannot aﬀord to wait for the approval, acceptance and validation of others or
when it is easy.
Nothing is easy.
No woman or man is easy.
Dating isn’t easy except for a man who has years of experience and skill, and he
will be emotionally tough to screen out women so fast, he won’t give them the
time to breath and do any drama.
Even then it is still not easy for him.
Same with some women who have that skill and they ar sexually conﬁdent and
way ahead of many women.
There are men and women like this out there but most of the time, they won’t say
because they can’t be assed with being judged and nor are they going to explain
themselves to anyone.
They spend most of their time focusing on screening out women/men, to attract
ONLY the ones who make it easier and who are compatible because they had
enough of people who bring too much judgement. Even when people approach
them, they approach with mistrust and so when you have gone through hat
enough time, you get touch on people including women, to close the door shut.
They can aﬀord to…
They are the ones with most resources and even an average guy can with such
stellar skill and experience, attract women he desires but most men, are just not
emotionally strong and also…they haven’t real structural guidance.
Too much motivational bullshit is out there and not enough of the real concrete
work which would change their life in general and in dating and relationship
management.
Anyone really just can’t aﬀord to wait for life to be perfect and for things to
balance. You’ll be waiting and waiting, reading and reading, colllecting and more
waiting and never make that move.
Life isn’t fair.
We make it fair.
We create the balance and opportunity.
It’s just so many forgot they are creators.
So whether man or woman, who has the balls and backbone, the world is theirs
and those who over think, staying in comfort zone, well, you can watch while
most will be ﬂying, and making it happen.
What do you do?
Wait for some people to change or you be the chanhce, and go foreward, to the
edge, leap and ﬂy, and you’ll ﬁnd many like you ﬂying. It’s easier than waiting for
someone to approach.
That means, you don’t really chooe. You wait for someone to approach, and one
day, you haven’t got time to wait AND..you’re time is ticking now. Things weren’t
as before and ressources have depleted.
So approach before that happens.

Nothing lasts forever i regards to looks/youth and time. You might ﬁnd yourself
busier as time goes on and now it’s harder.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 25-year-old male. How can I ﬁnd a girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You create a lifestyle.
2. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You create meaning in your life
3. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You let go of control and lead with courage for your
mind to absorb many experiences.
4. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You come to the edge because there is no right time,
right moment and when you’re ready. It’s an illusion, You can read
thousands of books but it won’t help you succeed alone. “That which
you cannot GROW through, you shall go through again and again..”
You don’t grow in the comfort zone. Step forward to the edge. That is
where you will grow faster.
5. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You create opportunities in places that you like and
where there are many girls that go there to engage with as you do
whatever you are doing anyway.
6. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You create value to connect etc.
7. You don’t ﬁnd a girl. You create boundaries so that if any girls wants your
time, resources s a friend, show her the line and if she cross it, you can
say to her with an awesome smile to…kiss your ass goodbye.
8. In other words improve on one’s self worth, create the lifestyle you want
and that will create the opportunities anyway to attract abundance of
girls in your life to date.
10.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make my girlfriend happy? We both love each other
but I can't always make her happy.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - So I got this journal and I know you like strawbeery cakes but..let’s create a
bucket list on what we like BOTH like.
Girl - Ooooooh that’s awesome idea. A bucket list!
Me - Yes, but here’s ﬁrst one..
Girl - Yes?
Me - Fav food
Girl - blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Me - And allergies?
Girl - blah blah blah blah blah blah and blah blah,
Me - Don’t worry you’ll be asking me some as well. What’s places you like to check
out?

Girl - blah blah blah blah blah blah and blah blah blah blah blah blah Ooooh and
blah blah blah blah
Me - Bloody hell, I didn’t know you like theatre
Girl - Haha, I do but not often. I lile to check out more blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah
After questions and stories, laughing..
Me - Ok, now this…you like being fucked in ass?
Girl - Mmm, Yes.
Me - How about blow jobs,
Girl - YES!
Me - Your pussy eaten?
Girl - OMG YES
Me - What’s your deepest fantasy kinky sex you like to do. Ok mine is… blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah
Girl - OMG! I want threesome but how to get girls?
Me - Oh I’ll sort that out. White or black or all is ok
Girl - I don’t care, as long I am attracted to her and she can eat pussy real good

Create a…Bucket List together.
Through questions, give space, joke, laugh, tell a story, experiences instead of it
being like hjob interview. Make it fun as you do it.
If you tell her what you like in fantasies so she knows she can say any shit and you
won’t judge her, then she will share.
Start light and increase build up.
Oh yeah, and if you’re wondering if I ask those sex question…
I do. It’s not a big deal except if a guy is passive, supplocating nice guy who thinks
girls are princess, innocent and such..good..girl.
And if you started that way, well, it be diﬃcult to behave as a lover as it will feel
kind weird for her, so slowly build up, slowly if that was the case.
They are human. They got desires too.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I change everything in my miserable life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Change your self image = you change your behaviour.
Everything you are doing is not going to work for you. That’s right. Everything
you’re doing now, goal setting, trying to stop doing this and that, going on diet is
not going to work for you.
You cannot fake self image.
You are trying to tell your “self” you can do it but it doesn’t trust you.

If your self image is in tatters, if your self image is low, if the relationship between
you and your self image is weak…that you didn’t help it grow.. then your
behaviour will not be constant.
It will not believe you because you didn’t sort out the ﬁrst thing which is you
believing in your “self” and you do that by building your self image ﬁrst. That’s
how you get consistency in what you want to do…

You will stop soon enough because your self image will catch up and bring you
right back…to where you really see yourself.
Psychcology is very powerful.
It is the forefront of many areas in one’s life.
It is the cuting edge in which when someone knows who they really are, they are
honest, lay it out on the line, then they can rebuild, shape it and move forward.
Now here’s the thing…
This is going to be the most important answer of your life.
We have taken guys from failure in school and college to become guys ﬂying
through degrees and hitting top marks.
We have taken women who came to UK and had nothing, and everyone said that
they cannot get a house fast, british citzenship and forget their dreams - to ﬁnish
a degree in their passion, have their own accommadtion, salon and fashon
business.
We have even taken teens who the school and parents said it’s the way it is and
how they just won’t be able to make it, achieve highest level of education to
achieve far more.
My lovers have achieved what they thought was impossible due to this knowledge
I learnt and it’s the same I share with you.
Wherever my hat was placed, wherever I go, Paris, Barcelona, Switerzland,
England and soon all over world..people’s lives are being changed.
They needed to hear the real deal than the bullshit that never really opened their
eyes to the greatness inside of them with having true understanding of how they
work and how to do it.
None of it was knowledge I invented. I wish it was.
The work was done way back by amazing people who tested, measured like
scientists and documentated the process. It is like a mountain hill of knowledge
and had to break i t down into language anyone could read and apply in a
structural simple manner.
We all learn from somewhere and then change lives by ﬁrst applying it to
ourselves, making it work and then teach...

And what I learnt is this…
Your own body, nervous system, the stuﬀ as well in your mind, cannot tell the
diﬀerence between real experiences to imaginated ones.
The problem is this - it needs you to have lots of experiences.
It’s not just any experiences.
Your body and mind, needs to experience success ﬁrst.
But how can you get lots of experiences like that when you’re not even where
you want to be in life?
You can with your imagination.
You can build your self image in your imagination, clearly vividly through
pracice, and this shapes your…..habits.
That is your gift life gave to you.
You are putting eﬀort in and your self image is tiny so you get pulled right back
everytime to that tiny self image.
You’re back to square one again and again.
It is a vicious cycle and we are taught in society that to succeed it ﬁrst needs brute
force but that’s not true. It needs your mind to be ready and that means your self
image needs to be equal or higher than the success you desire to achieve.
Only by your own creativity - imagination do you limit yourself.
Refresher…

That is way you always go back to then same place again and again, and over
again.
So you need to ﬁrst get that noise sorted out by building your self image up in
your imagination because right now, it’s like you’re trying to shove a square in a
peg hole.
You always go back to the size of your self image.
Build your self image ﬁrst…

Now we are talking. You can’t bullshit your self image.
Even when all seems impossible.
Even when everything says it cannot be done. Even when then system and
society says it cannot be done.
Even when the norms say it cannot be done.
Even when all that is predictable says it cannot be done.
Your self image is big, no matter how long the success takes for you to achieve, it
will give you the ﬁre to keep going on.
Nothing on his earth can stop you. You won’t need any motivation outside that
runs out. Your self image motivates you.
Your self mage is…your story.

Only when you sow it in your mind and you can see it visually, vividly, and you
are living it, practising it, feel it, smell it, you will see for all that the worrld tries
to tell you…
There is good news and bad news.
The good news - the future is in your hands.
The bad news?

The future is STILL in your hands.
So you either take this on board and do the steps I outline below in bullet points
or nothing is going to change.
Not even changing the environment because your nervous system, won’t take it
for much longer.
You’ll go back to same place.
It relies on your self image.
Create the story ﬁrst in your imagination.
You will then be unstoppable and the world can come snapping at your feet,
challenges can, tiredness can and you will still be inspired.
It bounces oﬀ you..

You need to do the following…
Find a space, a corner, switch all noise oﬀ. TV oﬀ. Internet, mobile phone and
even lights oﬀ. In then dark.
You need to relax, breathe from your nose, out of your mouth, nice and easy. You
can do this with eyes open because all is switched oﬀ.
Imagine with your eye open, to focus on a centre.
Like a dot in my your mind or on a wall.
Find a centre. Relax.
In time, you will be able to do this so you ﬁnd silence.
If your mind is noisy, then even if for example, we throw a huge tank in that river,
or ocean…not one ripple will happen.
It be useless.
But when you can silence your mind, you throw a pebble and it be like a tidal
wave, a huge tornado, massive waves crashing and spreading.
When you can do that, then it’s time to build your self image by creating the
experiences of success.
That is the key = creating experiences of you succeeding in your imagination.
Feed your imagination, your mind with these experiences.
1. Imagine you doing the work in your mind…
2. So if you want to be a great golfer, you’d see yourself, practising it. You’ll
see yourself hitting those holes. You’ll see yourself getting better at the

swing.You’ll imagine yourself practising and seeing the ball ﬂy so high
and hear that snap sound and the whooosh, and smell fresh blades of
grass and see the ball go in the hole.
If you want to be good at studying and focus, you’d imagine you are
doing that. Imagine the acttions, the eﬀort, the work, see it vividly, even
turning of a page, the sound of writing or typing, or reading, and then
seing yourself getting then grades, top marks.
Whatever it success is to you, imagine you are doing it, and achieveing it,
as clear as possible with all actions you do to make it happen.
3. You need to this for 30 days.
When you move into a new house, it takes time to get used to it to feel
like home. When you meet someone, it takes time for you to be
comfortable with that someoine and for awkwardiness to go.
When you start a skill, it takes time for you to get used to it. It is how we
learn. We are pattern recognition machine. It’s how we ﬁnd our way
home. It’s how we build trust.
You are building that trust withn you, your mind and building the
relationship with you.
Your true self does not trust you.
It needs to trust you. It needs your connection and so a relationship with
yourself has to be consistent. You need to do this excercise consistently
and it doesn’t take you to go anywhere.
You must live in that imagination of yours for a while and build that trust
with your whole nervous system..with your new self image. Your OWN
blue print to success.
a. When you start don’t look back. Just keep doing.
b. Don’t doubt. Keep doing these steps..
c. This is what Champions are made of.
d. This is what great pioneers are made of
4. You will not get HUGE improvements immediately but you wll improve
and the moment you do, you will feel it so.
That will start to propel you foreward. That will then get you to change
whatever, and it be constant because your self image is huge and it stays
huge and propels you forward everyday.
5. Your self image will now be higher, stronger but you got to keep doing it
daily. At least 15 minutes a day.
Remember this…print it and bang it wherever..

4.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if a boy is not interested in me anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He will make excuses he is busy and not communicate often
2. He will not be consistent in communication. One week hi and some chat
on text and disappears again for another week or two.
3. He will reduce time in with you
4. The time will be reduced to zero
5. He will lie and say he is so busy and will be back in 2–4 weeks
6. He will ghost you
7. He will not show aﬀection ie. compliments anymore or time
8. He will not ﬂirt as much or not at all anymore
9. He will dissappear from planet earth
Time is the most valuable thing.
If they ﬁnd the girl is not showing attraction back, she is not ﬂirting, she is not
consistent, or she’s too slow…the guy will move on.
If the guy just wants attention he will dissappear soon enough after he got his
attention. Same with girls. Insecure one’s. The ones who wear social mask. The
mask of a snake, a serpent.
Assumptions are dangerous because…
Sometimes, a guy will be into you and demonstrate all the points above, because
he fears rejection and he feels emotionally drained.
He feels he had enough of the games he plays on himself due to his lack of
courage and what’s in his head.
He’s frustrated in enable to show his directness in saying he is attracted to the girl
and hoped the girl will say it to make it easy for him.
He wished he was strong enough to say it but at that time in his life he’s not
there yet.
So the frustration will grow and then he will lose interest as he doesn’t like the
feeling anymore. He’s feeling hurt and so he moves on. He has to if he hasn’t the
courage to be direct with the girl.
If you’re attracted to him and didn’t say, best to do so, fast.
It will save you a lot of time and frustrations.
In all the girls make mistake on is they don’t realise, guys do love aﬀection. They
don’t get enough attention as girls do.
Not even close.
If you hold back, if you do’t show it and the guy is attracted to you, it is frustrating
for him.
Of all the people he expected to be shown aﬀecttion from and say then words and
behave as such, isn’t doing so with him.
Take Action. Be Proactive…

If you are attracted to him, be fast, quick, show aﬀection, acknowledge him and
let him know you’re attracted to him and…suggest what to do next, like going out,
walk.
Whatever it is, don’t leave it hanging…
If he feels the same too, if he really is attracted to you, it will heal him and sooth
him. It will make him stronger and also happier. He will take action or together
you can help each other to do so.
See it as this - you have the value to make someone feel happy,
You don’t need looks for that.
Feelings is one of the most poweful for guys.
Feelings is what turns a guy on.
Aﬀection is something guys don’t get and so…attention is very powerful and used
in a positive way, you will be able to attract guys you desire. Not all but far more
and get to who you really like faster.
Find out fast if he is attracted to you because he maybe hurt or frustrated and
doesn’t know what to do.
He may still have you on his phone but it will get awkward when too much time
goes by….in which no more communication will happen.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

My ex said she was over me and can be friends anytime I want.
If I take time to get over her and start as friends again, can I
rekindle the spark?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She was too busy..
1. Getting to know another guy/guys
2. Dating the other guy
3. Riding other guys dicks
4. Giving blow jobs
5. Doing all the kinky stuﬀ she didn’t do with you
6. Fucked in ass as well
7. Now she has had her fun and wants you as a standby because she knows,
it’s not going to last much longer.
8. And sneak in the back door, when everything goes ape shit, her tits
sagging, she has had her fun, and she got to now get back to the real deal.
When she has had her fun, then she might want to get back with you. She’s going
to say the innocent, fragile and princess stuﬀ.
How she was still hurting when she broke up with you and how it feels so deeply
about it, it just overwhelmed her…while she’s she’s getting her purse to meet the
guy who is going to pound her all night.
She knows you’re needy for her.
She knows you will show up later and be that standby.
Move on.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What are some things that guys wish girls knew when it comes
to dating?

 https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-things-that-girls-wish-guys-knew-when-it-comes-to…
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If you are not attracted to the guy, just say it
Yes, we know why you don’t say it but not every guy is emotionally
unstable. Some of us can take a rejection because you’re not a big deal as
yet.
2. We can have so much fun
If we don’t chase. So much fun, excitement, adventure without all the
bullshit chasing.
3. Let go of the expectations
Look, stop putting yourself down. Stop saying how come you deserve
such a person. To a guy that is translated…
“I don’t know if I can do this. It’s just I feel worthy”
Stop that and appreciate you both got together because you’re worthy
and so is he. That’s what attraction is. Status and so you got it and so has
he. You’re over thinking too much.
So don’t put us on a pedestal and so high, you think we’re too good for
you. It’s crazy. It’s frustrating. We can’t keep trying to convince you. You
got to work on yourself and enjoy the moment.
We’re not looking for sex godess. We’re not looking for hot experience
you might have. It’s about how you make us feel, so make is feel fucking
incredeble by behaving like you’re our equal. Enjoy it and let go of the
expectations.
4. Let us be the brave and weird ones
We don’t have to go to resturants to ﬁnd out if we’re attracted to each
other. We can make our own rules and our own way and communicate
openly from beginning.
We get this sorted..
You’re physical attracted to guy and he is with you.
Resturant can wait.
They make a lot of money anyway, they won’t get poor and yes, we know
it’s romantic but there is far more important things to sort out.
Let’s sort the imporant stuﬀ out ﬁrst like…compatibility!
Like what do you want and what does then guy want. What don’t you
want and what does he not want.
What are the boundaries?
On the table, no games, just let it ﬂow and in a fun way.
Lets us be the brave and weird ones ;)

5. Sex is not a big deal.
We can get it anyway. You are not a big deal. i am not a big deal,. No one
is. Stop thinking you’re pussy is a big deal because there are billions of
women who got pussy and by the law of predictability, works in our
favour than yours.
Most women don’t take risks in approaching but most of us men take a
lot of risk and so our success increased by 10 folds if we move on faster
than having you dangle sex like a carrot thinking it’s going to keep a guy.
6. Compatiblity instead of trying to ﬁx and change the guy
Attract someone who is compatible with you and don’t try to call guys
players when they have diﬀerent needs, wants than you. You can’t
change and ﬁx a guy.
Just say you’re not interested and we can move along to women who
desire the same as we do.
That is what a Player really means.
That you cannot ﬁx, change him and so you control with sex and when
he doesn’t play that game and moves on, because he sees sex natural,
you call him a player.
7. To Be Friends or Not To Be
When you reject a guy stop calling him a player, asshole, jerk for not
wanting to be a friend. You’re not entitled to that friendship. You just
told someone you’re not attracted to them with your bullshit lingo of
“but let’s be friends.”
Who the wants to be a friend with someone they are attracted to when we
can spend our time approaching someone else who will say use and
invest time there?
Not everyone. Some of us can’t be assed with it.
Who wants to listen to all that shit, moaning, complaining, whining, and
small task and what you did all day if you’re not your lover?
8. Your Measuring Ruler. We got one. BIG one ;)
We know, when we approach, you got all these stuﬀ, a ruler to measure
us with. We too have a ruler to measure you with but it’s not what you
think.
Here is is..
- You’re friendly
- You smell nice. Yes many love fragrance. Smell is poweful.
- You got humour. Learn to ﬂirt. Be fun. Life is hard already.
= Do focus your attention on the guy?
- Do you listen when he shows admiration and aﬀection or cut him oﬀ
with who you fucked and admired you?
- Do you mention about other guys or anything to get a guy jealous
- You don’t dangle sex and pre-judge a guy a playerr for his natural state
- You make it easier to show attraction and you show it back
- You can be trusted. We invite you to our world you don’t cause drama.
- You can show emotions, feelings, aﬀection
- You can show sexual desire, ﬂirtations tham switching it oﬀ
- You are comfortable in your own skin, body and looks
- You don’t put other girls/guys looks and their body down

- You don’t start this topic “men are this but women….”
- You don’t play mind games
See? We too have a ruler to measure you with.
9. Open Conversation. Yes even the big word. SEX!
We can enjoy knowing each others needs, wants, compatiblity, desires
and even the kinky ones, if we just let go of the fears and what it looks
like or we might get judges.
10. We don’t have to play the mind games.
It’s so old with then jealousy games. I talk to lovers about other women
because no matter how conﬁdent someone is, doing this does not beneift
the relationship. Don’t do it! Hold your tongue. Think if this will beneﬁt
eac other.
It probably won’t if you’re talking about someone else doing something
for you or you fucked someone else, or some guy got crush on. It’s about
you and the guy, not the world.
11. You can show aﬀection and it won’t lose it’s value.
That is true with someone who is values and who has experienced life
and knows how meaningful it is.
Some of us lived a big life.
Some of us battled giants and we won hands down.
Some of us have fought the system itself and won.
Some of us went through hell and back and even had nothing to ﬁght
with but we won.
Some of us, never got aﬀection from loved ones.
Not all guys are mummy boys, lived a cushie life, lazy life, did fuck all
when they were in 20s. Not all lived for themselves.
Some of us changed the world.
Some of us, got a history that will blow your mind. You don’t kow the
guys you look at and who pass you and even when he behaves as a
“player,” You have no clue.
Some of us are tired of negativity, tired of insecurites, tired of girls
holding back because of this myth that too much aﬀection is not good.
12. You got one shot. Forget the hints.
If you do not say and show your aﬀection because it might lose it’s
magic, you’re wrong. It will only be lost by the one who is an ungrateful
fuck who had all on a a plate or who doesn’t give a damn anyway but for
himself.
Some of us…value it because some of us, never got it and we were forged
with ﬁre and steel, and brute work, and struggle. That is why some of us
are very talented and skilled in life.
13. We are sensitive too
Sometimes we need to ask questions to get clarity. So avoid assuming it’s
out of judgement or jealousy. We’re trying to communicate so we can be
on the same page. If you behave in a cerain way it does eﬀect our mood.

We are sensitve too so help one another to have open communication
instead of assumptions.
14. When we compliment, realise, it’s not easy for us.
If you throw it back on the guys face, we will never compliment you
again. If you embrace it, you’re saying you’re know you are that and that
for us is attractive. Just say thank you.
15. Avoid bottling your concerns inside you. Talk.
If you got a problem or you feel something is up, for pete sake, forget the
world…and communicate to your lover. Stop asking what it means and
what you should do.
Communicate with your lover or they won’t know what it is you’re
feeling. Communication may seem like it’s happening but when it’s
technology or even face to face, it can be distorted.
11.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys in real life compliment me/hit on me and ﬂirt with
me but guys in online dating apps don't like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s why..
“a lot of guys in real life hit on me and compliment me,ﬂirt with me”
And?
What did you do?
Nothing.
They complimented, ﬂirted and?
That’s why it’s not happening online.
You seem like someone who just wants attention and when it’s online, this is
amplifed by 100 folds and they can see it faster than oﬄine.
Because if you are getting success oﬄine, why are you not dating?
You like the attention?
If that is so, guys online just had enough of girls who like attention.Probably see it
in photo, or proﬁle text or you didn’t even ﬁll the biog section.
Those who don’t ﬁil it in, we know they are attention seekers who think they are
too good to write who they are, what they want and when they do write…well…it’s
all there in all it’s glory on what to stay away from.
Online, it amplifes big time and you cannot hide it that easy as you can oﬄine,
with fake posturing.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I attracted to people who are rude with me and don't
treat me well?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you can say..
“Why am I attracted to people who are rude with me and don't treat me well?”

That is your script, your psychological script to make your world predictable. The
word..
“attract.”
That means you see yourself ugly, low self worth, unworthy and so you do what is
neccessary to feed the deep unconscious desires in which something happened
way back.
You attract but for the wrong reasons.
Maybe you didn’t get the attention, validation, the love, you feel desired, or
wanted or accepted.
Or something else happened along the way.
So you create game and you decide what that game is, and you also decide what
role in that game you are going to play and what you won’t play.
And like nice guys, to nice girls, like people who cheat, like people who ghost
others, who say they are high self esteem but their behaviur contradicts
everything high self esteem, conﬁdence, and high self image are.
They reinforce that script hidden from the surface by their behaviour. They
contadict what they want by saying they want the best but their behaviour is
governed and ruled by their low self image…by,…their script.
That sccript is reinforced by their behaviour again and again.
It is as like this..
“If you tell a lie long enough, you begin to belkieve in this lie vecause the nervous
system doesn’t know the diﬀerence between truth and reality, between false and
truth. It only knows what we feed our ego with.
As they reinforce this behaviour, they get the emotional stimulus, the ego gets
patted, the chemicals kick in, and for a while, in the beining it is exciting, it is
scary, it is whatever feeling they crave for to then ﬁnd themselves go right back to
the rock bottom pit of reality of where they are in their mind.
They seek validation to a high level
They seek acceptance to such they do not have boundaries
They seek love from then outside
They will put others on a pedestal
They choose for looks and traites rather than compatibility
They avoid conﬂict and fade away
They will hurt others by ghosting due to fear of attachment
They will fear loss and abandonment and behave irritationally in choices
of people they associate with and date
The same thing happens over and over again to make their world predictable.
The predictable outcome….
“Why am I attracted to people who are rude with me and don't treat me well?”
Predictable is safe.
Predictable is the comfort zone.
Predictability doesn’t need imagination.

It’s just predictable, the safe option and well, people love safe, comfort rather the
unpredictable in which they connect with someone of higher balue, knowledge,
status, someone who has the power of mind, of self worth, who can rock their
world and who comes with imagination and feelings rather than the logic.
Such a person can appear in your life and though you can feel that deep
connection, you will screw it up because there will be that comfort of
predictabilitym that it is too good to be true.
And even when you’re in an unhappy relationship, stuck, bored, going nowhere,
no heart pounding, heart racing but stimulus, you will not reach out to such a
person but back away.
Only when you rise with your imagination, see who you are and stretch it to be
someone greater, will you move forward no matter of that person is at the end of
this earth or whatever the logic mind says.
Change your script, you change your self image and behavuour will follow.
Start with your imagination.
That is your REAL power.
Keep believing in your script, you stay with this same self image and behave in
the same way….to atract the results.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you're confused about the status of your
relationship with your boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need clarity.
To get clarity, you have a talk with your boyfriend and ﬁnd out what the status is.
Or how will he know you are thinking about labels, and status and so on?
Communicate with him.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a guy I'm seeing how he really feels about me, and he
said "he doesn't know how to answer that", should I move on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move from what? Nothing to move from. You didn’t do anything. You did what
most girls and women do. Nothing. Just games. This is a transactional game. You
do things to get approval instead of being honest and let the person know…what…
game…you…are..playing.
You can’t talk about moving on when nothing has happened.
Like chess. There are rules to the game. The two people know it’s a game. They
know the rules.
Like volleyball, like soccer and poker. Both parties know thet are in a game and
the rules.
But you are playing a game and you are not saying to the guy you are, and then
expect him to have any chance of knowing where you stand so he can say where
he stands with you.
So he sees and feels this is a trap.

That if he said whatever, you reject and he is not going to do that.
This will be his internal dialogue but he will behave diﬀerently…
Girl - how do you really feel about me?
Guy - Out of all the people expected more from you. I didn’t expect you as well fall for
such mind games. If you are attracted to me, say so but don’t try doing that like
you’re trapping me into something.
Girl - Ooh I didn’t mean..
Guy - Yes you did. Listen. You think us guys don’t know what you girls do, with all
your games? It’s time to act like you’re our equal. If you’re my equal then behave as
such and tell me you’re attracted to me without these games. This is double
standard.
Guy - If you respected me, valued me you won’t do that dirty trick on me. You’d be
authentic and you tell me how you feel about me for real than letting me do your
dirty work to then throw it back in my face. If you really believe we are equals than
why you’re so intimidated by saying how you feel to me?
Girl- I’m sorry. I should have been honest. I see what you mean
Guy - Yeah, so if you move on, you moved on from nothing, You didn’t do anything.
So don’t think you did. I’m sick of girls, doing things like this, I can’t read your mind
and it’s really got me wondering now if that’s what you do…games.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a girl out without appearing like a creep?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Creep - When you are not of her status in her perception, she will call you a creep.
Player - When a woman knows she cannot ﬁx you, change you and get the
validation her expectations had, she will call you a player.
Nice - she is not sexually and romantic attracted to you.
Hot good looking model- she can approach in anyway, even “want a fuck” and
most women willl say yes, and it won’t be seen creepy for them.
Like to see what it looks like when a guy using hot good looking model photos
and does what women say is creepy?
Here we go…

When women try to play games…
The hot good looking guy shows them he can get pussy anyway from somewhere
else. When he takes it away from them this happens…

It’s not creepy anymore!
Not creepy when you’re a hot good looking model.
When a guy is attractive they are drooling. They have met higher status in thier
perception. They are as insecure as fuck and you see it for yourself.
This is what girls, women mean when they say they don’t get approached by
guys. THEY DO. They are twisting their words, the language and really saying
that the HOT GOOD LOOKING ones are not approaching them!
One language for one group of men/friends/society and another language when
it’s a hot good looking guy.
Then their language changes from creep to..
“When can we meet to FUCK?”
Not all women by the way. I don’t want to generalise but he doesn’t need ALL
women to say yes.

You can see this guy pretending to be hot looking using photos of models, and the
rest of all the conversations here..
The Life of a 10/10 Male (Tinder Case Study)(Pics)
He’s proving right in front of you of the double standards and hypocrisy but he is
not educating as much at what I am going to here which is why any guy who is
average looking doesn’t need to lose hope.
You got the edge but you just don’t know it yet.
My role here is showing you that you got it and how to develop it and make it
happen in your life in dating and life in general without the bullshit. You had
enough of the bvullshit.
It hasn’t helped you.
This will…..
Attraction is status.
That she sees you as equal or higher than her.
That is why conﬁdence is crucial and you approach not like she’s the only girl in
town and that she isn’t also being judged if she tries that on.
Behaviour then is your status.
So when you are hot good looking, no matter what most women say they will
drool over you, wet, dripping wet.
When you’re not of that perceived status level, then you need to have knowledge,
skill, and your experience and social instinct must be high.
You cannot screw with this if you’re average looking. That is your power to learn
and harness.
Jusr because a good looking guy gets whatever, doesn’t mean that it is over.
He hasn’t met the big guys who are average looking and can run circles around
him because they will have the edge.
He is just using his looks but they are using far more powerful knowledge that is
also sustainable for the rest of their lives.
Looks fade. Knowledge and specialised skill, experience, can be learnt over a year
or two, but is with you for the rest of your life.
It means, you have to raise the bar high.
Yoiu can turn average up to 4–5 times by,.,.
Sexual appeal - your body, look, the style of your clothes, grooming. Having the
edge.
Conﬁdence -You have harnessed the skill to a high level. You have conﬁdence in
your abilities to do all stages and phases of dating.
Social Instinct - You have faced your demons to approach many a times to
develop the social killer instinct which means, you can turn on your primal
desires, to cut through the social pressure instantly. You know how to engage
individuals and groups.
Social status - Perception. In which how you dominante in a fashion that is
appealing and warmth, and yet strong. It is knowing the social dyamics of any
environment you step into, the world around which will increases the perception
of your value to others.

Coming with knowkedge and skill, experience, increases your sexual appeal by 10
folds and also.
It make your life and health much stronger. It brings you additional skills and
high level of instinct for the real world and all areas of your life.
So that includes..
Grooming,
Your health
Cleanliness
Style of clothes
Conversation skills
All phases of attraction knowledge and skills
Meditation to develop your self image.
You cannot rely on what the good looking guy is and who has conﬁdence to do
that because he knows the reality.
You cannot rely on the bullshit dating rules and what society says you do in
dsating. That is over if you want this to happen for you or you will increase your
chances of being nothing but like majority of guys.
Attached to then outcome when you need to let go and stop thinking each girl is
then one. They have to earn it and so do you. YBehave as an equal and if she
doesn’t behave as one, move on.
So forget about the “oooh looking creepy”.
Don’t give girls that much credit because…the moment you as a guy approach she
is already stacked up with so much fear, insecurities. She came with these before
she ever knew you.
You are going to take that shit and put it on you, believing you’re creepy?
Mate, much of what we see in society itself is creepy.
Believing santa ﬂying through the sky. Soul mate shit, Touch wood and a
hundred more superstitions.
You want creepy, look at how people date, bribing each other with resturant
meals for pussy and dick, and pretending it’s so respectable. Then call guys like
us as “creepy.”
But then we meet women who don’t see it creepy but amazing, conﬁdence and
they want the same as we do.
Creepy is a perception.
One girl thinks it’s creepy and other in a good mood and horny thinks “I want to
fuck now, let’s make it happen!”
One woman sees a guy creepy and then she sees a hot guy and her heart is
pounding, and want to rid his dick and now he isn’t creepy but..
“OMG! I hope he comes and talks to me. Do I say hi? Do I wait? Is my ass look good in
these jeans. OMG! Is my hair ok. Is he looking?”
I never date women. I date lovers. I don’t take women to resturants to impress for
a fuck or relationship.
This is creepy = resturamt for dick or pussy.

We can’t be open and hones and make resturants and bars rich?
That’s people being ambigious and doing all those transactional games. That’s
awkward as hell. Who wants to do that shit every week?
The more you read into this the more it will cause you to over think.
It is human nature for human beings to pre-judge.
So forget about how it looks.
The looks changes as you get better in doing this through time.
What you care when you know the reality and know you can get a far attractive,
far better in personality, and connection, and sex, and compatibility when you
get better at this?
The others who said no don’t matter!
You are moving towards that place anyway and so they don’t matter and you
don’t need to compromise and worry if it’s creepy.
For 10 women who say creepy, a thousand more will say this…
“Let me ride your dick. Tie me up and fuck me in anyway you want to”
You will ﬁnd as I did, what is creepy for one woman, is sexy as hell and pussy
driping and wants to fuck right now, for other women.
Forget how she might think becaue if you do, you will never learn, never move on
faster and never get good at this. You will fall trap to the lies and the games being
played and get hurt big time.
I am trying to remove the wool that has been over your lies from social
conditioning and other factors.
Remove the pedestal, forget any woman is “the one.”
Approach and go though the rejections.
She can think whatever, next.
It’s all in her head and you can move on to another and another, and get better at
what you do.
Forget over thinking.
They are already judging men, judging you and even..themselves.
Let that go and just approach.
You’ll learn along the way, adjust, reﬁne, improve.
15.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I have told him that I'm attracted to him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well done!
Now that’s what I like to hear.
Yes, you did awesome. This is going to save you so much time and frustrations.
You now have put women years ahead and if many did that, it be awesome.
You did good.

I know it takes courage to do that and you slammed those fears hard, and went
for it and you took…control…of your life rather letting social pressure to other
fears control you.
Awesome.
Now it’s time for him to show his true face and if he rejects then you didn’t invest
too much and can move on easier than most ever can.
Keep doing that and you’ll be ahead of many women when it comes to dating.
You just broke through the bullshit barrier and now taking life by the horns and
doing whatever you want.
Thats what I call…High Self Image.
8.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy responds "Aw, that was sweet,"
when you tell him you miss him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh sure. No problem, here’s what I think when if I ever get that. Let me turn the
de-coding machine on to translate…
Whrrrrrr….
1. Whatever bitch. Try that crap on some nice guy
2. Miss me? You fucking liar. If you missed me, you’d be banging on that
phone like crazy, and running to want to be in my life.
3. Miss me? I don’t see any behaviour that shows you even think about me,
never mind miss me. Did your boyfriend dump your ass, or options with
some guy got shut down…and now you’re giving me this attention?
4. Back to where you came from. The friendzone place. Behaving like some
friend, then friendzone you will be in.
5. Yeah? Next you’ll be telling me, I’m nice and I wll ﬂoor you with
escalation sexual vibe if you even try that shit on me.
6. I know your game. Not going to work. Show some guts and say you’re
into me and you so desire me right now. Or forget all that sweet talk.
7. Start ﬂirting? You know how to or you think you’re a princess and fragile,
and so innocent? Oh please, don’t even act like a “good girl.” Don’t bore
me. Start ﬂirting.
8. Just get on with it so we can move forward and date, and have sex, and
fun. Christ. Do we have to play this game?
In other words = He’s into you but you just blew it. Now you’re friendzoned.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy leave a woman for being “crazy”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A guy will leave a woman for a lot of reasons but the biggest is this..
Feelings.
Feelings in which his ﬂirtations are not recipocrated back. Feelings in that
attraction isn’t shown. Feelings in that she accuses or argues. Feelings in that she
caused drama around people he is with and if that is so, how wil she act around
his most important social circles of friends/relatives?

Feelings in how she made him feel shit.
It doesn’t matter if there was no reason, or reason. In fact, if there was no reason,
it’s even worse.
The feelings that such behaviour projects is toxic and that guy is not her child.
That guy is an adult. Even one is not, you don’t go oﬀ like that.
So yeah, a guy can leave a woman for that reason.
Men have done so for smaller reasons than that.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should you do when you are happily married and ﬁnd out
that your ﬁrst crush actually loved you & has expressed it to you
when its too late?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you do..
1. You go home
2. You sit with your partner and talk of ways to spark up the ﬁre
3. You discuss fantasies, sexual kinks you both desire and never explored
and explore them
4. You discuss other activities and also holidays and book one, now, fast,
soon. Get away from busy and spend time together.
5. You write these goals down and you’ll start to get excited as your partner
will too
6. You arm yourself with all the knowledge you can take and your partner
does the same
7. You break through the routine and create new experiences
8. You turn yourself on doing so and your partner and your partner does
the same.
9. You forget being inihiited about sex and masturabte, play, and do it front
of your partner as they shower you with admiration and you do same
with your partner
10. You grab your phone
11. You ﬂirt again and keep it constant using sexy hardcore images and you
never, ever…take attraction and sexual tension for granted again. It
doesn’t just work on it’s on, it takes work on both sides
12. You turn boring into excitement, and you will then ﬁnd all that is and
was, is still there but only if both will work it
13. You fuck each other like crazy and you do all that is in those goals you
both discussed with each other.
14. You dress sexy and hot, as your partner does the same
15. You renew this girls when done to new ones. Turn your lives into one
fucking amazing adventure.
Because…if you’re in a monogamous model relationship, cheating will only fuck
you and your lover over.
Your crush behaved irresponsibility telling you now when you’re married but the
crush is not the problem.

The problem was already there and you are being irresponsible in saying it was
due to the crush. No, it was due to you and your partner who lost the plot and
thought attraction builds on it’s own.
This is the time where you now…ﬁght for what you have.
Love is not enough.
You need to do the work and communicate with each other and re-kindle the ﬁre
which both of you took for granted as many do today.
If you’re poly, well then, you can discuss about other avenues but if not, the above
is what to do.
It’s not easy but love is tired of blamed for everything and this comes from alover
who knows what love is. It had enough being blamed for solving everything when
it cannot.
It needs other components such as attraction, building it constantly or it dies and
then it takes heavy work.
Now is the time to ﬁght together as husband and wife, or marriage is dead. It
won’t be because of the crush.
Attraction needs to always be constant.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

Did "the one who got away" ever come back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I did’t come back.
I moved the on as fast as I could because I don’t fall for the “one.” i learnt that
very soon, in my teens.
When you see girls fall in and out, so fast like it’s a Matrix movie, mixed with
those shit hollywood vampire chick ﬂicks, you get the idea, you move on fast.
So moment she was acting all that, I moved on and moment I started dating girls
far more attractive and heard I was getting blow jobs, threesomes, and even
fucked her best friend who was the most popular girl in school, then she was
interested.
She came running but…I got away.
Far away.
As far as my bike can take me, real fast.
When you know you can do better, when you go and live, when you fuck many
girls, and women, when you ﬁgured it out, when you raise yourself high for no
woman to ever think she is too good for you…and…you are not too good for them,
but equal and it is all a matter of perception…
When you get to that stage of hardcore, non-mainstream skill and emotional
toughness to be able to go through many rejections to get to a sweet ass pussy of a
woman who says yes, and she is far attractive than those who said no…
You know one thing..
You are the one who got away.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

When did you realize you're an asshole?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This was a while back, years ago, in my 20s.
I did the most gentleman (cough) thing that any decent man would do. Yes ladies
and gents, I was a true knight, you know, woman bending over showing her
pussy, has no panties on, bending over right in front of me.
Yes ladies, I was fucking solid prince charming gentleman that time.
I might probably cause a riot if I answered this question here..
What is the correct thing to do when a female bends over in front of you and you
can see down her shirt?
There she was, bend down, ass up, short dress, pulled up, no panties and pussy
shining like the milky way.
I went up to her as she got up…
Me - That is one of the best pick up tactics I have ever seen in my whole fucking
life. You go girl!
Her - Huh, Oh, No, I wasn’t..(face all red)
Me - You wasn’t being conﬁdent, sexual conﬁdent, like you are in a league of your
own than these lot of sorry ass women and men?
Her - Oh. Hahaha. You’re..
Me - Yes ballsy, but enough of the compliments…you got beauty but it’s so
common these days. You walk and you see a sexy woman bending down with no
panties in every corner of this city.
Her - hahaha. Are you always like that?
Me - Gentleman, respectable, of course I am. I am respecting you by knowing that
you can take ﬂattery and got the self image to do so, or…am I wrong?
Her - No, (smiles, brushes her hair aside) you’re not wrong. I’m….diﬀerent than
the OTHERS. I work in a bank just around the corner. I got promoted yesterday.
Me - Now that’s what I want to hear. You got brains and not just beauty but I need
a little more than that. You’re going inside the station, right?
Her - yes
Me - Great let’s talk as we go down to plaform and then you can impress me with
your resume, hope is stellar and I’ll impress you with mine (pointing down at my
dick)
2 days later….after sex, she says..
Her - You know, I had some creepy guys approach me when I bent down in street
blah blah.
Me - Oh, I approached you, so why are they creepy?
Her = Well, I wasn’t attracted to them. You had suit on and well, you’re an asshole,
so it’s diﬀerent.
Me - Yes, pity the nice guys, hmm, I bet you got tons of them
Her - Oh god, yes. I had one guy…
Me - Shut up and let’s fuck again
Her - Asshole!

Me - Great idea. Turn round
Her - Mmmm

That’s when I knew, I was an asshole ;)
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ﬁnd a boyfriend? I go to a tiny high school of 100
people and I only see a couple of guys between school and
work. I can’t meet anyone who is single or not a creep. Where
would I be able to meet people?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t ﬁnd a boyfriend
You create a lifestyle.
If you ﬁsh in a pond, and there is no catch. If you keep doing the same thing at
that same place, you get the same results.
But if…
You go to a bigger pond.
You go to the ocean.
You go further a ﬁeld
You also learn what to really use as bait on that hook of yours.
If you put MORE focus on that than internet, and sitting at home, and
being in the comfort zone..
You will get results.
So leave that bubble, that small pond and go and meet the ocean.
Make sure the ocean has your interest, passion and a ton of guys that participare
there.
When you do get there…
1. Be approachable. Smile.
2. And say hi and start a conversation
3. Sometimes you need to take action, throwing the hook in with the right
bait. if the bait is not working…change.
4. In other words, have a positive attitude, avoid being pre-judgemental,
relax, have fun and learn to adapt, reﬁning until it works for you.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a way to chemically (artiﬁcially) induce love or at least
the feeling of being in it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s true what other authors have said. It’s complex. There is not one thing you
drink or induce for love.
Love is far complex and I am glad it is too. I really hope it never happens because
human beings will go fucking crazy in messing people’s lives up even more.

I hope that day never comes as there is too much pain as it is in this world for
someone to be able to induce love with some artiﬁcial chemical.
Lots of money in billions have been poured into this and nothing. I’m glad as
well. Love is something I want for the person to feel naturally with me, not doing
so because of some trick, manipulaton because it’s not worth it.
It’s shit when it’s like that. It’s tiring and shit/
That’s why when I approach women, if I get a no or ambiguous answer, to hell if I
even bother her with a second of my time. I’ve moved on because I want it
natural.
I want it to be for real, not tricks, no games.
Even if that day came with that love potion, love is never enough.
People have left one another for less reasons = money, status, 10 inch dick, a babe
with hot tits and ass, so on.
Love is not enough.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Xavier Cruz

Why does it seem like one partner is more into the other in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason being..
1. Past life experiences in childhood, neglect, no attention, love.
2. Experences in which they yearn to be loved but haven’t got that and yet,
they show it by loving others more than sometimes themselves.
3. The experiences of other relationships in which they gave much but got
nothing, and so the yearning of being loved and attachment grows. The
low self esteem also goes deeper and low self worth.
4. This serves a problem as well, as it brings jealousy and possessiveness. It
brings lack of clarity and direction in life and in chosing who to be in
relationship with.
5. It also gets the person to avoid having boundaries and fear of
communicating their needs and wants to the one they are in relationship
with.
6. They over-think too much and have hard time showing sexual aﬀecton,
sexual verbal intimacy because they are fear of how it be seen to their
partner. That is also due to the environment they were in and though
they say they are conﬁdent, their self image and self esteem is very low
and so their behaviour or lack of contradicts.
In other words…
They are following their Psychological script to make what they experienced, the
neglect, the abuse, the lack of love, to happen again and again, in future
relationship with others.
It is very deep rooted and many a times a person will be in denail even when it is
pointed out by professionals in the ﬁeld of psychology.
This is why women who date abusers and then say..
“See! All they care about is my body and sex.”
This is why girls date dickheads, fucking morons and then say..

“See! I was right. He used me. He doesn’t care about me and just wants me for my
body.”
This is why guys say..
“Girls only go for bad boys..”
This is why some women say..
“oooh guys they done more harm to women than men have..”
On goes their game in their head which is what a Psychological script is and they
don’t realise, it harms them and pushes many away that will enrich and
appreciate their passion for romance, love and deep intimacy.
Their psychological script is reinforced by their behaviour.
It is their behaviour that attracts the shit in their life.
Much of what they do is to ﬁll some void with attention seeking, with
transactional games, with seeking approval and acceptance. It becomes an
irratational behaviour of tit for tat strokes.
It becomes a game. A psychological one.
They do it to make their lies, their belief happen, as a reality.
Hence, making it predictable because pain is predictable, negativity is easy,
anyone can complain, ANYONE can say what they haven’t got, how it;s a bad day,
and how bad this person is bad, this person is that and this.
It takes a person stronger to see far more on what’s going on.
It is comfortable to be in the comfort zone.
It is comfortable to stay in that dark place.
It is comfortable. It’s easy.
But being self aware is not easy. Making the changes instead of tlaking about
it isn’t easy.
It needs us to make tough decisions, facing our demons, letting go of clutter and
even people if it needs be to acquire the state of mind that will benefot from the
specialised knowledge, skill and consistency as we develop the self image and
more.
That is why I have decidicated my life to kowledge regarding dating,
relationship, sex, social skills of advance level etc.
Nothing was out there and even now, nothing really but bullshit motivational
stuﬀ that isn’t practical and for the world we live in today.
There is no structure, no process but guessing.
What is happening is many grow up without practical, step by step knowledge
which can brings clarity without fallacies, without fairytales and instead
concreate process that is practical for all areas in one’s life regarding dating and
relationship management.
instead of motivational bullshit, fairytales, myths, legends and to replace all
these with the knowledge about their self image, their personality, their traite,
their strengths and weaknesses, how to develop from within, how to really know
the damage in them and heal, how to then attract compatibility, how to nurture
and manage relationships, how to set boundaries and many more specialized
knowledge and skills.

I couldn’t wait. I wanted to evolve as human being and crash those social norms
walls done and I did so with invested in learning for myself to later share the
knowledge as a system.
Imagine…
You are commander of your army, your soldiers you send your soldiers into the
war, into the battleﬁeld facing tanks, guns, grenades, mines, jet ﬁghter planes
with…BOW AND ARROWS.
Then say..
“Hey, you’ll be alright! Just think blue skies and sunshine.”
Many will die. Many with come back with scars so deep it eﬀects them for the rest
of their life and it repeats, again and again.
We are the memories, the experiences, the enviroment, the information that is
now stored in our minds, and only through acquiring knowledge, real, practical
knowledge and if possible, which it is, people learn at a young age, and gain this
knowledge, these skills and reduce the trauma.
They can increase their success.
They can heal.
They will become self aware but as you have seen in society, that knowledge and
those specialised skill wasn’t even given in school.
So when that is not there, you see all that rise above surface in behaviour all
around you, and it is sad to see.
It is sad to see someone in a relationship giving all, love, time and yet the other
person isn’t doing same or meeting half way. It is sad seeing the person believing
they cannot do better and that is all they can ever have or be.
Sure, there be one who loves other more, or wants to give more but what we
always ﬁnd, it is far too unbalanced, to such it’s sad to see, it’s so clear, it’s so open
and worsed of all…children see it too.
They pick up on it and it eﬀects them.
That for me is the saddest part of it all.
The future generation, where our hope relies on, the leaders of tomorrow, the
coders, the managers, the artists, designers, teachers, nurses, engineers, and so
on, and they get eﬀected like that at a young age.
It will deﬁnitely mess up their psychology and even their biology too because we
are always changing, evolving, not the same, with many colours ﬂowing through
is, like the sea which is bouncing many vibrant colours to the sky and light
shimmering with diﬀerent blues, greens, yellows, reds, white, black and so on.
But because of this changing, there is hope because if a person can evolve in
thought, which one can, then the person can evolve in body, in spirit and in
mind, and in self awareness. In knowledge and skill.
They can also experience succces in their mind to develop their self image and
that will mould, and change behaviour.
Self image = behaviour.
So there there is darkness, light exist too and these two must co-exist or we will
never appreciate growth, kindness, compassion and love we receive from others,
So there is hope.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Igraine Caine

There's this girl I like. We are only acquaintances. What's the
most reliable way for me to get her to date me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to be direct with her instead of doing the platonic invite because thats
what makes dating awkward. The lack of certainty.
You ﬁnd tha certainty from her because it will dictate the frame and behaviour
throughout.
You can’t do what I do if you are not known to ﬂirt, not known to be fun and
exciting. If she knows your behaviour already that is diﬃcult to do and won’t be
authentic for you so…
1. Be direct and ask her out. Be ready she will pull back but don’t be
surprised and don’t act awkward.
2. Let her know you are her are mature adults, we don’t need to be awkward
about it and it’s natural thing in world in which a people have a
chemistry with each other and want to explore further, and go out and
take it from there.
3. Then if all is well, suggest something that both of you will enjoy. Don’t go
for cinema and resturants. That is too serious in begining and also it is
not ﬁt for walking, bulding attraction and some comfort.
So just be forward with it.
I cannot share knowledge on how to do this as it’s indepth and conversation
skills, woman psychology and a host of other thungs that doesn’t take an answer
nor a week to do or a month as it needs some understanding, and that I sjare only
with people I mentor closely.
But use what you have and it be good experience anyway and if she is mature, if
you both don’t act all awkward about it then it be ﬁne.
I personally would never touch friends, co-workers and any close in my social
circle.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Yair Haimi

What is the easiest way to get followers on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jul 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Choose a popular topic which you are passonate about
2. Invest in knowing more about it and preferrable which is big, is you
experiment in it and know for real what you’re writing about. I have 25+
experience in what I write about, real life experience.
3. Use your own voice and be ready to get ﬂagged, warnings, left, right and
centre because you’re using our real voice and personality.
4. Keep a look out of the running themes hat are happening and keeps
cropping up in that popular niche. See a pattern.
TO GO FURTHER later in future.
5. Create a seperate blog in quora and update readers because…
6. You are starting to create your design for your website focused on the
ﬁndings in which most cannot answer but you can because you got the
real experience not book theory. I am at then moment here.

7. Create high quality step by step practicel product that kicks ass and pour
all your talent and skills in them. I am here as well.
8. Make sure your website blog as optin to build audience your end and rich
content.
9. Keep writing here and be ready to dominate the world when you launch
your site.
10. Market your content on youtube and other channels in a creative way
and soon, you’ll be kickig ass.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tanner M. Moore

Why is sex expected in a relationship? What if I have no
interest, but my partner does?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why do you expect other people to live with your psychological and biolgical
decision and then queston other person’;s needs like it’s nothing?
You talk about expectations and yet you got expectations. You’re expectations is
you don’t want sex and expect someone else to live with it.
Here;’s how I personally would do it.
I’d go and have sex with someone else. Done.
If the partner got problem with that, we are done. End of relationship, ﬁnished,
bye, bye. There is no compatibility.
Love is not enough.
I live in the real world not disney world.
Compatibility is very important for healthy relationships. So the dynamics
change and the likely of the partner will move on is big. You then need to be with
someone compatible with you not change someone else to your expectations.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think money is everything?
Adam Taha, I like combining online and oﬄine to make money
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not everything but…it helps BIG TIME!
1. I can buy lots of ice cream for my lover and have extras to create a path
all over her body for the fun to begin.
2. I can buy the lastest fuck machine and bondage gear
3. I can hire sex hotels that got everything there..which I do sometimes
4. I can call, order a bunch of ﬂowers and it gets sent to my lover to surprise
her.
5. I can tip the waiter more and hope it helps.
6. I can help a friend get new clothes for the job interview
7. I can ﬂy and meet my lovers around the world and have an awesome
time, and treat them with class.
8. I can put ﬂowers on my mothers grave without nicking them from
somewhere else.
9. I can buy neices the shit toys they love and they’d think I’m the most
awesome uncle on the planet

10. I can take my cat to the vet whenever he is ill or accident happen or for a
checkup
11. I can make life easier for my lovers
12. I can spend money on a great cause but being involved than give it to
charity as I believe being involved personally will help you to see where
you’re money is really going.
13. I can buy a new jacket which I did last week for the famous beggar who
always sleeps outside the tube station
14. I can pay more to those who help me with my business as a message of
my gratitude.
15. I can pay surgery for someone who desperate needs it
16. I can leave a lot more behind when I am gone, to help those I love.
Money.
It’s not everyting but it does feel incredible being able to give and do what you
want, whenever you want.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

My father says best friends don't exist, and that "friend" is a
strong word you can't classify most people in your life, is this
true?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Lexi started school and through time she made friends
This is the ﬁrst type of friends,. The Utility friends.
The ones who come to you because you got value but moment they get that value,
moment they got what they achieved, they are gone. These can be school mates,
organisations mates, business collegues.
When they didn’t need her help, they didn’t call.
When they wanted to talk, they called but always it was some drama, negative,
gossip and as time went by, Lexi felt empty.
She found other friends and these friends are the Pleasure friends.
They are friends who have simiilar interest, hobbies and some passions.
She would meet them and they had some common ground and did events, go out
but then go back home when event is done.
As she got close to ﬁnishing her ﬁnal year at school, she realised, none of them
were really friends. She came to a realisation that even the closest ones, who she
gave so much time too just didn’t respect the giving.
She saw these friends true colour and realised, it was time to burn that bridge and
embrace the reality.
That friends aren’t everything to put your life on hold.
When school ended, most of who she knew,were busy doing whatever, and so she
lost touch with all of them and those she didn’t lose touch with, she rather not
even bother as they just use her like a tampon.
As she got into college, she began to make new friends, and found two there and
these two, became good friends with Lexi but they too were pleasure friends.
They had common interest, hobbies, passion and places they like to go.

Things were going great but she fell out with one of the girls, and so there was
some conﬂict as the other girl also wanted to see Lexi but she was worried she’d
loose her other friend.
Later on they patched things up but as college ended, the pleasure ended, and
these friends went back home to the city they came from. There were some calls,
some texting but as time went by, it became less and less.
Lexi is now in her 30s and working in a job and along the way she meets a handful
of people out of many who connect with each other.
These are the friends of the good.
These are based on goodness in which they bring blessing life to you, hearts ﬁlled
with amazing gifts, desiring to help one another, and if you respect each others
boundaries, and good friends do that.
They don’t abuse the trust, they don’t put you in some stupid position of danger.
They are the friends who are like mentors in your life as you are to them. A friend
who tells you what you need to hear not what you want to hear.
Striving for each others growth and experiencing memories together, with you
and even meeting your relatives/family.
This type of relationship is diﬃcult to ﬁnd and cultivate.
It is there but very diﬃcult to build in this time we are in.
Our times have changed and not as it was so it is now diﬃcult to develop such
friends when we move here and there, for jobs and opportunities even outside of
the country.
Aristotle did classify friends into three diﬀerent types:
1. Friendships of utility
2. Friendships of pleasure
3. Friendships of the good
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Josue Quintero

What color lipstick do men most like on women? Do dark lips
look sexy, or terrifying? Do you prefer natural rosy shades or
nude tones? What is your sexual orientation?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Red lips. I love it. It’s hot and sexy…

It tells me it’s all on, she’s wants fun, she desires dominant man, she wants to be
cheeky and she will tease, and alive and sexy.

I also like..pink lip stick.
That’s sexy too and one step below red but still sexy, like being innocent and yet,
she’s so wants to be naughty with you.
It’s not just the lips stick…it’s what she does with her lips ;)

5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when a guy from my school is touching and
harassing my girlfriend when I'm not around?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do nothing.

Your girlfriend can stop being a princess and go and use the same system guys
have access too. We all have same access to tools out there.
We’re “equals.”
She reports to school head and police.
You do nothing or you’ll be done for assault.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stay motivated daily when people around me are
always judging me and discourage me? I get aﬀected by it badly.
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Updated Jul 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how many of these I get?

How about these..

Or these…

You see, if lovers knew what I face by me saying it, not that they don’t ask me
about my life but I don’t show much of this - and even friends, everyone who
knows me will never utter a negative word to me again.
I am upbeat, I smile, happy but most don’t know all this because I don’t share it in
conversations. I don’t because I experienced it already and so I can’t be assed
with talking about.
I want fun, sexy, excitement after all this.
So most who know me will avoid talk of doom and gloom because they know I
already came from it, battling it and they see all this heavy shit coming at me
everyday, every week, month and in hundreds, daily.
Imagine then, like same thing hitting you, it becomes boring. If you get it
somewwere else too, you switch oﬀ because you’re tired from it already, It’s not
new.
Negative isn’t new.
People telling me their opinions of me, isn’t new.
Women mistrusting and labelling me, isn’t new.
Women talkig shit about men on how they got it worse, is not new.
Men also shouting and verbal abuse to me, isn’t new.
People throwing - asshole, player, jerk, and so on at me, isn’t new.
The force of it all is not new to me.
It’s boring. It’s so easy for me to switch oﬀ and not that I don’t care about
people because I do but I get this shit everyday anyway.
So you think I want to hear more from people around me?
It’s actually, predictable and it is something I am prepared for because, well,
world is predictable.
If you stand for something, most will pull you down.
You got a voice, people say be yourself and then when you do, Oooh, you’re an
asshole, a jerk, player and blah blah blah.
You csn’t even ask a question becaiuse some folks are so sensitive and keep
saying so, andthey don’t grow. So you cannot even be yoursekf wiuth them and
they expect people to accept them as theiir are
You see how it is?
I have had this even when I was at school and throughout my life because I am
not someone who conforms, ﬁts in, into this ideal fairytale image of what a man
is, what a lover is, what purpose is and so on.
It’s heavy and people wonder why I disable comments.
I have no time to debate.
The meaning I am creating out in world is far greater. I am far too much in love
with the doing, the creating and connections I am making.
The amount of messages I get is crazy.
Let me show you another one and this by the way, is how Nice Guys react when
rejected.
This is what it does to you when you seek approval, encouragement so much that
you behave irrational…

This is how Nice Guys approach girls.
I was busy. I am got things to do. I cannot reply when people want me to reply in
their own time and if you want somethng, ask it in the right way and if I don’t
give, it is my right to not give..
Get to know the person ﬁrst.
When he didn’t get his response in his time in his way….

He burnt the bridge but I hope the best for him. I have no malice on him. I don’t
know what the fuck was going in his head.
But I know it has nothing to do with me.
You can relate this to dating too with most men.
They get rejected and they go nuts and then wonder, why girls, why women won’t
be “honest” and just “direct” to say no.
Because most of them experienced this a thousand times over from teen right up
to being an adult!
It’s scary for them.
Can you imagine, what it does to a woman who doesn’t give a man the validaton
he desires for the guy to suddenly goes ape shit on her?
It will probably scare the living daylight out of anyone.
It can be so for men in which most women play their games, and manipulate, and
do all the nonsense stuﬀ.
Never realising, they are turning the man oﬀ week by week, month by month
until he has had enough and pﬀﬀf. He’s gone.
Their insecurities gets them to behave irrational.
So imagine then with you…
This can make you behave irritational in many situations if you’re seeking
approval, encouragement and acceptance in a that it suppose to feed your ego to
give you motivation.
What happens when you don’t get it?
Your light ﬂickers and dies out because you relied on getting motivation from
outside and not within yourself.

But let’s say you make it happen, do you think you will have everyone
supporting you and encouraging you?
I get these messages daily.
I get it out in the oﬄine world too.
It’s going to grow even more.
The more you get known, the more dogs snap and bark at your heels. They so
want to pull you down.
Your close friends start to get jealous.
Your girlfriend might even get insecure that one day you will leave her because
you’re going to make it big.
You need to prepare yourself from the inside with self image.
I am prepared mentally with high self image. It took years of work to prepare.
Lots of work from the inside.
That’s the reason I can be this strong here and out in the world..
Self image from the inside.
I don’t seek approval, acceptance, validation.
I also see many of my answers collapsed and so I appeal and some get through
and some don’t.
If it comes, awesome. Love it. I appreciate it. I will show it to the world but if it
doesn’t, it’s ﬁne. I love what I do.
Seriously, I am so in love of the work I do and life I live. I am proud of myself in
how I have become the man I envisioned to be as a young man. It took work and
from the inside.
And there is yet so much work to do to grow.
I look at the world today and I look in the mirror and I say..
“You did good. You’re awesome. Keep growing!”
That’s my encouragement right there.
I am my own cheerleader.
You stay motivated by not seeking and putting importance in the social mask you
wear, in which you think you’re entitled for GOOD alone to come in life. There is
good and bad in this world.
People wear social mask.
We all do to some extent.
People no matter how good you are to them and loving, they have insecurities.
They are always evaluating you, always pre-judging you, always. Most are never
satisﬁed even if you give a lot of love.
Because love is not enough. People get a lot of it and then forget where they were
when they didn’t have it.
Most people see darkness only.
Most girls see nothing but bad in you.
Most women as well

Most men too.
Wherever you go, all will pre-judge and most won’t lift a ﬁnger. You are the one
who got to get the ball rolling and be the ﬁre of it all.
So you cannot control people but you can build your self image.
You can detach from this need for approval of others.
You don’t need approval of others to succeed.
You get respect when you focus on a greater meaning far bigger than anyone
giving you approval, encouragement, to pat our egos because that is how the
world gets you.
That is how it imprisons you. It tells you, programs you that without approval from
others….you are nothing. Without someone encouraging, you’re nothing. That you
NEED people’s approval. NEED people’s acceptance. You NEED instead of
saying….you already got it all inside you.
Everywhere tells you, you NEED.
You need a better job. You need a new laptop. You need 40,000 followrs. You need
car. You need degree. You need this and that before you ever succeed in life. You
got to have this and that to date someone.
Everywhere is saying you need something before you can even start.
It all tries to make you think the approval of others is what you need to succeed in
life.
You got that already inside of you, so believe in yourself, knuckle down, focus on
the task at hand and forget wanting encouragement.
It’s all good when it comes but when it is not there, do not yearn for it, crave for it
but be solid in your decision on who you are, what you want to do in your life. You
create meaning not ask for it.
You create purpose not seek it.
You create wonders of work not for approval but because this is who you are.
Because when you create meaning, when you create purpose and not seek it,
when you do what you love to do you,…you inspire and change lives by your own
example, your own life, by your own path.

And people will come and because you are driven by this innner strong self
image, conﬁdence and the diverse skills of creating.
In other words, you are the REAL DEAL and that counts a lot in this world ﬁlled
with pretenders. When you come, the earth underneath them will shake. They
can feel it without you saying a word by just your presence.

People then are drawn to that certainty because for them to even be close to who
you are, is one huge giant leap that scares the shit out of them.
But at least they can associate and learn, and get to know and be part of
something they too can create their own path and story, and meaning.
When you know what you want and know how get what you want…the world will
make way for you.
And people will come to you of specialised knowledge, from music producers,
ﬁlm products, web developers they will say..

You then build and nurture connection and help them prosper as well.
People will throw at you their resources at you.
They will say to you, use their music for free, use this and that for free, here…we
got two laptops NEW, have them, go and do more, here…we got this and that
camera..take it…here we got this and that…TAKE IT…

And you will inspire many people while you’re getting hammered with warnings
left, rigt and centre, as dogs snap at your heel.
But it doesn’t discourage but it all keeps you ﬁred up to do more…

I can go on all day and year with these. Far too many.
You accept the good and the darkness.
If you want good in life thent accept it’s reality.
In my home right now, I got 6 laptops. All given. So I went to ﬁnd people who
needed such resources and shared it with them.
I don’t need 6 laptop.
One or two is enough,
Last week, I had a woman who called and wants to give me 3 large studio lights
with umbrella and all kinds of equipment.
I don’t even know her but she read my work somewhere else, where I write on
strategic business process too.
She’s coming next week to deliver it all.
You got it all inside of you.
That’s what you need to focus on. In doing something you believe in so much,
even if no money comes, you’re on ﬁre. Even when no encouragement comes,
you are inspired everyday.
That is how it is for me.
People will always tell you what you cannot achieve, passing on their fear, that it
needs money, that it needs this, that this can’t happen and you won’t be able to
do this and that and..
You cannot change and control that but you can build your own self image and
focus in something far bigger than all this noise.
All these warnings, messages do not discourage me but ﬁres me up even more. I
cannot control systems, people, mods, and all rest.
I can only be true to my nature and do as I do.
It only reveals the reality of the world we live in and it only proves what I have
been saying all along.
That if you seek approval, acceptance, the world will fuck you over.
But if you detach with having empathy, and ﬁrmness, and focus in creating
meaning, and create purpose than seeking it, you will attract the few right people
and the few….will attract the many.
The most amazing part is, they will have same level of passion or even more. They
will come like an army of abundance for the..right reasons.
Make sure you do what you do for the right reasons.
Focus on the real deal. Create your meaning and ensure you get it out there
without the need for approval.
Build your self image from the inside.
That is the best encouragement you can get. That you..believe..in yourself while
the world doesn’t.
3k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I confessed my feelings for said she doesn't think one
can fall in love too quickly as I have. What should I do?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She feels she hasn’t earned it.
You want the girl to earn the love and not by games. You do it by being mature,
not jump the gun and say you love her, when she hasn’t shown mutual attraction
and there hasn’t been history between you in that way.
So of course she isn’t going to believe.
It works in movies. Romance novels. Bollywood and Hollywood but this is real
life, with lots of fears, insecurities and people judging status.
You need to make sure a woman earns that love by her investing in you, time goes
by in romance, and so on, and hey, even if it was 3 months, there is at least a
logcal and emotional reason visible she can believe in.
But if you go oﬀ “hey I love you!” day one….then it’s going to be very diﬃcult for
her to believe you are emotionally stable and can respect the words you said. See
it from her perspective and really anyone’s perspective.
Lots of girls are insecure but also, they have been messed around, got hurt and
really, people don’t value what they don’t earn.
That doesn’t mean play games but give it a breather, give that space for growth,
understand her perspective and really anyone’s perspective.
If you go to someone and confess feelings day one like that…it can be awkward
for them and believe me, I have met tons of insecure women who got degress up
to their eye balls and even they, if you confessd to them, will not value it.
It doesn’t happen like the movies, like romance movels, like comics and those
vampire romance teenage ﬂicks.
You got to understand girls and understand human behaviour and control your
emotions for a while for girls to earn.
Look. Even when I talk to a woman, my gaze is conﬁdent in her eyes but I also
turn it away and my full body is not fully turned on her.
Why?
Becaause she hasn’t earned it and those who don’t earn it do not value that
attention. I don’t even compliment women these days.
They haven’t earned it no matter how gorgeous they look.
Those days for me are over. I will never compliment a woman who is not my
lover. Screw that with all the insecurities ﬂying oﬀ in their heads.
You just approach and they think your player.
They need to earn it and that process is called..qualifcation. If she doesn’t earn it,
she does not qualify for your attention, period.
Think like that and take stock, learn from it and move forward, Move on, leave
her be. She has shown her intent.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it OK to love someone for your own personal growth and
what you can learn from them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not selﬁsh at all.

In fact, as a lover, when a woman desires to be my lover and wants to learn from
me, and sees it as a life long pursuit of knowledge and understanding, I get really
excited.
That is one of the biggest compliments you can ever give to a lover.
That you desire the person for their personality, for their knowledge, for that
connection and you so want to learn from them.
That in my book is beautiful.
That’s what beautiful is in a woman when she approaches relationship of love like
that. It’s the most powerful attractive traites to have.
I would not menton that you don’t love him for his physical
attractiveness. That don’t need to be said.
Instead, say you’re attracted to him, you ﬁnd he is a man of knowledge as
well, and you love him as well for his personality. You avoid mentioning
negative and when you do that, watch his eyes light up.
Know his expertise knowledge. For example, mine is sex, in all aspects of
it and dating knowledge, and relationship, sexual conﬁdence, to sex
positions, the lot.
Then there’s psychology for self development, to change one’s self
image, to increase self esteem, training for increasing self conﬁdence.
Then there’s marketing, design, strategy for websites, video production,
for the web, copywriting for selling on web, arts and illustrations,music
productive, strategic for business and career and marketing for career as
well.
And I have teams, specialist, valuable resources in which my lovers will
get access not straight away but through time, for their own careers,
dreams and goals.
That’s just a few but I specialise in sex and dating and I am a lover, and
that is my language. I love all about sex, passionate about it, it’s sexy, hot
and I love it.
I combine all my other skills towards it.
When you know what his knowledge and passion is, dive in. If he is
sexual and his knowledge in that area, then be sexual, do not switch that
oﬀ and instead…start ﬁghting for that knowledge, explore, engage,
participate, push him, show him you are his equal and learn and absorb
everything.
Your growth is his desire. The more you grow, the more attractive you
become for him, because he feels he’s part of that story. He loves serving
his lover to grow.
The more hesitant you be, the less conﬁdent he will be on you. He will
distant himself and not share as much or stop sharing as he feels
something is up. So be passionate about what he shares and he will give
more. Such people love giving. It is their life blood. They cannot help but
to give only if it is appreciated and the person doesn’t ﬁght them.
You won’t not believe the army of people learning from me and so he
may have that too. So when one of knowledge shares, respect it and see

that he is busy but he is giving time because he loves you. It’s not easy to
do for someone who has an army of people wanting to learn from them.
Also regarding men of knowledge…
When we behave sexual, we are actually TEACHING and far too many who say
they want to learn, start acting silly, mistrusting, suspicious and they came to us
to learn this, and so when we ﬁnd that happens, we don’t teach.
If it’s something else, he will behave in a way to teach, he’s not looking down at
you but teaching. He is not putting expectations on you to be some master
already but he believes in one’s lover. So of course then lover is going to see great
potential and that might make it strange for you because you never got such
compliments and such attention.
Take it. Embrace it. Don’t throw it back on his face with words or behaviour of
mistrust. That will hurt the man and it will be diﬃcult to open up again. Men are
also sensitive but they hide it.
We go and teach someone else if that’s the case, as we are men of knowledge, we
create and we have our audience anyway and we are busy creating.
So if a woman who desires to be a lover is unteachable, uncoachable, and doesn’t
realise that everything is being shared for her growth and his, well…then we don’t
bother teaching.
We switch it oﬀ and you will see that happen because our conversation shortens,
and we become distant.
So if you want to learn, push aside the insecurities and whatever he shares, and
how he behaves….it is sharing knowledge and to not ﬁght it but embrace it.
It’s not selﬁsh at all.
That is your desire, what you want in a man, and so that’s honesty but say it in an
appealing and attractive manner. You don’t need to say what he hasn’t got and
focus on what he has.
Avoid messing with men’s ego.
Men are sensitive but we just do not show it due to being conditioned not too but
deep inside, you mess with our ego, we will become distant, and we won’t tell you
why much of the time.
We won’t because most women are senstive as well.
They say they want the truth but really they don’t.
Most cannot take when a man speaks his mind and shares his feelings on what he
wants to happen because we ﬁnd it is always seen as we are manipulating or we
are doing this and that.
Anytime we show passion, women get so sensitive that we cannot show it and so
we close it deep.
Lovers and men of knowledge have vast resources. They are valuable in the
community they depend on what they specialise in.
We have options.
We don’t need to do any tricks.
Men who are have less options on scarecity mode will have a high level of fear to
do that. So approach him with trust and embrace what is coming.
Just be open and honest and focus on positive.

2k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend says he doesn't love me anymore. We've been
together for 2 years now. Recently we started ﬁghting over
small issues and never resolved them. He says our ﬁghts have
killed his feelings. What should I do? I love him
unconditionally.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of things when I was in my teens and 20s, is that I would date girls and
attraction will go after a few months. Now, where I am, it rarely goes away except
if the person themselves are are impatient when it comes to meeting them but
that’s their loss as I know my self worth.
The lesson I learnt in looking back, is that so many think attraction will build on
it’s own. When I discovered what I know now, I threw everything I learnt from
society regarding dating in the trash.

That spark you had in the begining needs to be nurtured but if two people do not
know how to do that, and have true understanding of the full process, the spark
doesn’t grow to something deeper.
Or if one of the partners is doing all the attraction, all the ﬂirting, sexualisation,
then what happens is it takes a toll on the other person, and it hurts them
because that’s their language but other prson isn’t reciporcrating, so the
attraction dies, and they don’t notice it..UNTIL…it is totally gone.
That’s just one phase and there are other phases regarding comfort, deep
emotional connection, etc.
When it is gone, it is very diﬃcult to create and build, and what happens is
awkward sets in, and when awkwardiness sets in, it’s dead.
Now if the person loves the guy or girl, what happens is, even when it’s gone, they
have this deep connection in which they ﬁght for it.
So instead of “I don’t feel anything,” the guy or girl who said that would say..
“Let’s ﬁnd a way to rekindle,” and you can if both know exactly know how.
You see, in society, it has been socially conditioned through cinderalla type
books, romance books, movies, parents,and culture, social norms, that there is
chemistry, there is attraction and there is love and it happens on it’s own.
You are not given the truth and since you are not given the truth, you are ill
equipment to make the same mistake, over and over and over again.
That is why women look for lovers who mastered this because in future, they take
that knowledge for future relationships and succeed.
They grow in conﬁdence in themselves and sexual conﬁdence.

You will learn as I learnt, that within attraction, within chemistry, within love is a
process.
There are laws of many things in which you meet and kaboom BUT..you must
know the process to now cultivate it.
Every woman I have dated, never knew this.

Everyone of them.
They thought as many men thought, that it grows on it’s own or they do work but
it is not helping, it is a struggle, because they don’t know the process.
Everything in life has a process, a system, a structure or you get lost.
We are pattern recognition machines so we need structure, we need process, we
need step by step guidance that’s applicable in this modern world.
If we don’t have it, we will be screwing up with approaching, dating and ﬂuking
everything with games, and all of it is done out of fear.
It’s all based on assumptions not facts.
So when you have lots of sex, or meet each other lot, what happens is due to the
lack of this knowledge… attraction, chemistry and love is slowly fading and none
is any wiser on what to do until it is too late to do anything.
So you think “oh love is gone. I don’t love the person.”
No, love isn’t gone.
Love is not enough and it needed this knowledge.
It needed this and we when young we are not equipped and many grow older and
are not equipped and I so didn’t want to do things blindly.
That doesn’t solve the problem that people will walk away because people come
with selﬁsh reasons, they can come with ego to stimulate their emotions, they
come with insecurities and they come with lack of patience, immaturity, lack of
trust, level of mindset, culture and so on.
So they walk away.
They will always walk way until they cannot walk away anymore and have to
settle for less in time to come.
Most do because most grow to ﬁnd their resources have depleted.
So right now, attraction is dead, you don’t know the process om how to spark it
and cultivate it. There is no information, details of full story, if sex happened, if
not, if someone or one of you held back, or so on.
So anything then can be the story and none is wiser of the big picture.
But what I can say is, if you don’t learn the process, you will never know how to
increase…your…success and you will have a higher rate of failure.
The specialised knowledge and skill will never remove the chances that people
move on because people come with their level of perception, secrets, baggage.
You never see that sometimes until too late and then after sometime, it all comes
together, it makes sense, they were fake, manipulative or they really weak in
mindset with a history you didn’t know about.
But you can increase your success by knowing how to build on the ﬁre and
knowing how will serve you well in the future.
For now, you let this guy go.
If he really wanted to, if he loved you, he would have fought but he didn’t. That
means, he didn’t love you, he wasn’t that committed, and it only been a couple of
months, so really to develop such deep connection will take much longer.
You have to move on, close that door and take lessons from it but do invest in
knowledge on the process of attraction, chemistry and love.

There is a step by step process and many never learn it because they follow
fairytale, myths, norms, and think it grows on it’s own or they do things that
really don’t do much for building on it.
It’s all guess work and you’ll be guessing for a long time because if i asked..
1. Do you know the process of attraction?
2. Do you know how to built it step by step?
3. Do you know the process of qualiﬁcation?
4. Do you know the process of comfort?
5. Do you know the process of increasing chemistry?
6. Do you know how to build deep connection with a man?
7. Do you know the process of seducton that isn’t manipuative but natural?
The answer will be no.
Don’t be hard on yourself.
This took me years to learn.
I didn’t know this when i was 18 years old or knew much of it at 20 but because I
knew just enough, many of my relationships succeeded for years.
My lovers today, one of them has been with me for about I think 18 years now,
other lover 15, other 10. I date multiple but because of this knowledge, I can do so
and it’s easy for me to do so as I know what I am doing.
It’s a process. It’s master advanced knowledge.
97% know shit about this and they won’t because they think of soul mates, think
of fairtales, they think of stars, think of all these mystical thing, they think
romance is sitting down resturant meals, they think that dating, and none of it is
concrete to follow and build and create.
It’s all guess work and packed with games, transactional games, that suck the life
out of attraction because it is all built on scarecity.
Right now you are on scarecity mode and nothing society or the education
system, parents, anyone has equipped you with the knowledge.
Nor has the guy you are with.
The only thing is now moving on and start investing in knowing this because you
don’t want to be like many girls and guys, who plod around thinking it when it
happens, it grows on it’s own.
It all has a map, it has a process, it has a step bby step to fuel ﬁre that man has
hard on and his heart ponding just by your existence.
I learnt this and it took years like I was studying for 5 degrees and that is why it
took me years but it serves me well now.
And yes. I am going to milk it for all it’s worth because this knowledge is valuable
now today in this world.
Let him go.
1. No contact with him
2. Let him feel what is missing
3. No texing
4. No reply at all

5. No sociall media texting.
And if youre fortunate, he might just realise..
“Shit! What the fuck did I do?”
But right now, move on and close that door for that to might happen. That is only
chance you got now.
17.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to be scared to date or have any sort of relationship
with anyone if you are fat?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about wrong.
Your fears are natural. You will never get rid of fear but you can face it to embrace
it and stay grounded in reality.
You can work on yourself.
It’s your own low self esteem, your self image that is skewed. You need to work on
your self image and this will help you in having sexual appeal, and charisma and
a stellar personality.
Just don’t see your feelings as abnormal or unatural. They are natural, part of life
and if you don’t feel that then any growth won’t be fulﬁlling and give you
satisfaction. So don’t be hard on yourself and think because you fear something,
you’re in wrong path.
Rather look at it as a sign of you needing to grow in areas in your life and be
excited in going for it to grow.
You can read more on this here..
Adam Taha's answer to If you can give me only one tip to improve my life, what
would it be?
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you form a closer relationship with a shy girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Don’t approach her like she is shy and put her on a pedestal.
2. Forget small talk because you’ll zone your ass so deep into antartic or fall
into a hole and land in wonderland, and never get out.
3. Just walk up to her and..
You - Hey, I only got a minute but I wanted to ask you something. (pause)
…there’s this girl, (describe her traits…smart, intelligent, diuﬀerent from
others, has a uiqueness to her. So look at her trait and then add also what
she is wearing, hair so she knows it’s her) and she’s shy, and I want to get
to know her to ask her out. How would I guy approach a shy girl like her?
She will reply with an answer, let’s say she says..
Her - just introduce yourself, say your name, ﬁnd out what she’s into.
Me - Great idea. I’ll do just that. So you’re not just attractve but smart.
Ok..here goes…

Then to her..smile..and..
You - Hi, my name is (your name) and I want to know what you’re into,
when it comes to having fun, or what places you like to see, or enjoy
doing in your spare time.
Then give out a big grin.
You’re going to have to do most of the talking, be fun, exciting, don’t put her on a
pedestal. Just because she’s shy doesn’t mean she can’t talk. She just needs more
time that’s all and get to know you.
5 minutes tops or 10 then say bye and you’ll talk with her again.
Do that a few times, in getting to know her. Do not spend tons of time and start
being some friend. Just a few minutes, ﬂirt with her, be fun.
Now when you did that a few times in week…ask her out.
If she declines, move on.
You don’t want to build comfort but attraction, and so if she isn’t mutually
attracted to you right there and then, move on.
You’re not there to be her therapist and hope she changes her mind.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Psychologically, why am I attracted to 'bad boys'?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The myth that you’re into bad boys because oOoh something bad happened to
you as a chid. Fucked up isnt it.
I mean society.
Every damn thing in which a girl desires a bad boy is not about her father.
I have 4 sisters and our father wasn’t in our life after a while. They didn’t date and
be in relationship with guys with drugs etc.
The reason why you are attracted to bad boys is…
1. You’re quiet
2. You’re shy
3. You never get into trouble
4. You’re in a religious family, so sex, body, and all rest is seen as shame,
seen as bad, evil, and you don’t even experience that either.
5. All around you is boredom, boring guys, boring men, boring, boring, too
safe, and adventure for you will be going to shop or college, or whatever,
and that be your adventure.
6. Therefore, you are rebelling against all that you are surrounded with.
So in essence..
STRONG MEN VS WEAK
And your perception is that those guys are strong.
You’d go for the strong one because let’s face it, look around you.
What do you see?

You don’t see much conﬁdence, high self esteem and instead see many guys
scared, intimdated by what others thinks and you had enough of that because
you have been like that.
So you don’t want to date familiar but new, diﬀernt, far out there, exciting,
adventurous, guy who projects what you perceive as strong.
And when you look around, well, options are fucking hilarious isn’t it.
If that’s “good,” well, fuck it, who wants good when it bores the shit out of you
and sex is like robotic not exciting, and “oooh, can I erm, erm..kiss you?”
When you can be with a guy who can make you feel alive and eat you out so good,
you have multiple orgasms and feel like no guy can make you feel.
So there we go.
You’re with the bad boy, because when you look at the options out there, it scares
the shit out of you on how boring your life will be at a greater scale. It’s already
slow and boring, so you sure don’t want to escalate that part into severe boredom
or it will send you crazy.
The question is….does he treat you right?
If he does, well, there we go.
If not, what then fuck are you doing when you can be with a bad boy lover who
doesn’t take drugs, weed, and is calm but conﬁdent, and has the wealth of sexual
experience and adventure to last you a life time?
Whatever ﬂoats your boat.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys think about a girl that is always lonely and has no
friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. She read tons of books
2. She’s smart
3. She has some unique abilities
4. She masturbates a lot and has 20 sex toys. Good for her!
5. She is horny to the right guy and amazing at sex to the right guy, or girl ;)
6. She has super powers between her thighs
7. She can beat people at chess
8. She likes documentaries so she probably got a whole lot of knowledge I’d
be picking up on her like I found gold
9. She values the smallest things
10. She appreciates the BIG things ;)
11. She has a deep intimate desire inside her ready to be unleashed
12. She appreciates someone who can converse
13. She has passion for something
14. She’s wonder woman in disguise and probably saving world, like rabbits
in the forest or butterﬂies, or babysitting new superheroes who will rule
the world.
;)

19k Views · View Upvoters

He ghosted me after sex why he is suddenly back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have gathered the data from my satelite feed and it shows..
1. He has been very busy fucking other girls.
2. He has got bored of fucking those girls
3. Or they have dumped his ass
4. Now he wants your pussy and ass
You know what I do if I lost my phone?
1. I use a landline
2. I take my mates phone and text
3. I will rip the fucking phone from the streets
4. I’ll scower the internet and message her on facebook or whatever social
media site she’s on and won’t give a damn what she thinks of me.
5. So I can get in touch with the girl I am attracted to.
I’m a lover.
I have no shame in demonstrating I have high self worth and balls to show I am
attracted to her and I’ll beat ever fucking challenge that comes, just to contact
her.
So don’t fall for that bullshit.
Keep that door shut.
He’s not worth your time.
Same with girls who do it to guys.
They are riding some guys dick out there and when they get bored, when they
realise what they screwed up on, when they had enough and want stability they
come running.
Keep that door shut.
They are not worth your time.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

I am an 18 year old Indian boy. I’m single. I don't smoke, drink,
or take any drugs, but most of my friends do. My friends keep
telling me that I don't have any fun in life. Is my life really
boring?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you are boring.
Very boring.
Here’s why…
Because you heard your friends tell you some stuﬀ and had so you had nothing
better to do but feel insecure about yourself.

Second…you think these are your friends. That’s boring. Only folks who got a
boring life have friends like that.
I rather have no friends than that.
Third…the moment you give a second thought of what someone thinks of you in
negative light, in my books, anyone who does that, is fucking boring,
You know what isn’t boring?
Knowing what you want and do what you..want to do without giving a fuck about
who approves, accepts and acknowledges.
It’s very easy. I have perfected this art,
So much so, you won’t believe how amazing my life is today. This here will get
you so much pussy you won’t believe.
World is full of boring people who want to be validated by others and even choose
friends for nothing more than to be accepted.
Look, let me show you.
It’s so simple you can do it while you sleep…
1. Look at whoever.
2. Make a ﬁst.
3. Then raise your middle slowly, in a creative way, like your turning
something with your other hand and give a grin.
4. Then walk on like you don’t give a fuck.
Now you’re not boring,
There we go.
Now trash those friends because you chose them for the wrong reasons.
That’s boring.
Choose friends carefully. Friends who uplift you, got your back and not stab you
in the back like these do.
14.2k Views · View Upvoters

My friend started having rebound sex after her divorce was
ﬁnal. How do I help her stop so she can properly heal?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 1, 2017 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want to help her big time?
Ok then…
1. Mind your own business
2. Don’t be a white knight interfering in her business
3. You see it as rebound and she sees it as her way
4. Your way doesn’t matter as it’s not your life but hers.
There we go.
Not only did you save yourself from any drama but you also keep a friend because
if you ever say anything to her, she will see it you’re like the rest in society who

thinks she is a slut, whore, too easy, and thinks they can tell her what to
do….when she is a sexual being, a woman and she’s doing the most naural thing.
If she wants to fuck 20 men, that’s her business.
It’s her way and probably she didn’t get much anyway and now she’s making up
for time. Good on her.
She doesn’t give a shit what society or anyone thinks anymore.
No more princess. No more bullshit nice girl but the Natural woman.
So be smart.
Do nothing and if she gets hurt, don’t say “I told you so,” but just be there for her.
If you’re a guy, just in case…she’s not into you so be busy approaching other
women and stop being a white knight.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

If you can give me only one tip to improve my life, what would
it be?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Jul 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Change your self image, you change your life for the better.
There are times, in which many of us are born in an environment and in a way of
life in which we haven’t experienced..success. Though we see it around us, it is
sometimes diﬃcult to perceive it can happen to us.
So how can a person ever experience success so that they can have a strong self
image?
Your self image is the key, the core, the key to your personality and your
behaviour. Change your self image and you change your personality and your
behaviour.
Your self image will set the boundaries of your achievement:
1. Your self image will deﬁne what you can and cannot do. How long it will
take depends on the person to do the work.
One my other lovers took her 14 years. Even when she saw results in
other people around her succeeding. Another lover took 5 years. Other
lovers took shorter.
It all depends on you on embracing the reality.
2. When you expand your self image you expand the possibilities. You
expand your thinking. You expand the areas of possibilities, and you will
ﬁnd that yourself unlocking new talents inside you that you never
thought possible for you,
3. This is why positive attitude doesn’t work for many. If your self image is
is very low, no postivity talk, reading, is going to do much for you. You
will go back to that old self image.
But back to the “experiencing”
For self image to grow, we need experiences but not any experiences. It needs to
be successful experiences. Lots of successful experiences.
That can take years because in the old acient ways it is get studying, get
qualiﬁcations, get a degree, get a job and on it goes and you might succeed.

So that’s going to take years before you achieve the big successes that will build
your self image and charismatic personality that is bold, brave, that is of high self
worth.
The other problem is many women and men, see their looks as disﬁgurement,
ugly and average, and no surgery will change and high end surgeons of ethics will
not operate on such a person of low self image because they know it won’t make a
diﬀerence in how they see themselves.
But there are those who will do it for money as to them, ethics doesn’t matter as
long it makes them rich.
Everyone doesn’t have the ﬁnancial means for surgery, everyone cannot aﬀord a
therapist, everyone cannot aﬀord gym membership and most cannot even aﬀord
better food and some work hard in job.
How can they who most will see themselves as ugly, average begin to even
perceive they are not ugly and nor are they average?
There is a solution right now and it is free and you don’t have to tavel
anywhere or login to anything.
But ﬁrst..more on Self Image…
To live a life, that is fulﬁlling and a life ﬁlled with satisfaction, it needs high self
image. If a person isn’t acceptable to their self then their whole self esteem is in
tatters.
To live such a life, you must trust yourself and believe in your “self.”
You won’t be ashamed of your face, of your body but feel free to express
creatively, sexually, abundantly, to not just yourself but to your lovers too, and
walk with your head high in gratitude.
But with low self image comes low self esteem and so a person will want to cover
up, to hide, to feel small and insigniﬁcant.
Your “self£ will be conﬁdent in seeing the world in how it functions in reality
than myths, legends and fantasies that may help you to escape but dulls your self
awareness.
You must embrce your strengths and also your weakness with honour and be
honest in it’s purest form so that you may grow.
Your self image must be authentic and true to who you, to the level amd
measurement of “you,” and nor less than you are, or how the world likes you to
believe you are less.
Without self image…
You block creativity. You are blinded and you ask questions that you already have
then answers for but unwilling to be honest with yourself.
No man uses you. No woman either.
But by your own decisions and choices in life did you engage and participate in
being in their life and they in yourself due to your own lack of high self image.
Therefore, when you haven’t your self-image together, intact and it is not secure,
grounded in strong foundations, you shall feel insecure.
You will feel inadequate.
You will feel incomplete.

You will feel something is missing and that you need something out there to
complete you, like soul mate, like approval, like acceptance, and to be liked by
others and even have no boundaries.
You will put your life on hold for others who will never do the same for you. You
will love others who will never love you back. You will befriend and give so much
to them and they will never give back.
You will without a doubt feel insecure, lack conﬁdence with yourself.
You will be disgusted by your appearances, your look and even the smallest of
things like a spot will make you feel insecure, or the loss of hair or the lack of
friendship, or job, or weight and whatever it maybe.
You won’t feel free to express yourself whether verbally, sexually, ﬂirtatious
wise or anything in which you are vulnerable and conﬁdent.
You will always fear loss and loss for love, and loss of bonds, and loss of
comradship and loss of acceptance to pay the heavy price in wearing this social
mask which will rob you of a satisfying and fulﬁlling life.
It will also rob you of fun and pleasures beyond your wildest dreams by just
engaging in a manner of sexual conﬁdence or going for your goals.
You won’t function at the highest potential level.
Your own sexual needs will be blocked.
Your desire blocked. Your emotions closed and even your own body won’t
function to a high level.
The most simpliest of even being turned on and being wet, or hard on will be
diﬃcult for you at the extreme level.
You will put women and men on pedestals and you won’t feel comfortable with
other women or men of beauty because you say you want people to accept you as
you are, and yet you don’t accept yourself and you will be the ﬁrst to not
accepting others as they are.
You become ashamed, and attempt to hide your shame about your body, your
looks, about sex, about what you desire to experience and you create our own
prison instead of having then conﬁdence to express freely.
You become an obstacle for your pleasure and also for your goals in life.
What then is our solution?
Our nervous system cannot tell the diﬀerence between an “actual” experience
from experiences that you clearly imagined in great detail.
The begining is to imagine the success and this takes time as it needed you to
reduce the noise, through meditation.
No, none of this Hmmmmmmmm Mmmmm.
i mean for real, meditation in which you switch oﬀ the lights, be in a room of a
place and ﬁrst reduce the noise in your head.
When you can do that then it is like dropping a rock on a river, the ripple eﬀect
will be MASSIVE but if there is lot of noise in your mind, lack of focus, can’t clear
your head, you can throw a ship the size of Titanic and it won’t do anything.
When you achieved this…now you are ready to create the experience of success
many a times in your imagination.
That’s also the secret of happiness.

People and to lovers ask me.. what makes me smile a lot, how can I be fun and
upbeat everytime they see me. How can I be bold in what I write and do in the
world and holding no prisoners.
I don’t need to wait for happiness to be happy.
I create the experiences already in my mind.
I don’t need to wait for something to turn me on. I create the sexual experiencs in
my mind.
I don’t need approval of the world but the few who desire to learn, sick and tired
of bullshit and want it for real how it is. These few will bring the many anyway
and that is how it has always been for me.
Of course you cannot see huge improvement in 5 weeks but you can and will see
improvements.
One thing to consider about the word “success.”
I wouldn’t strive with a mindset to acquiring status, popularity, because such
medals lead to deep anxiety.
You will wonder about votes.
You will wonder about likes.
You will wonder on basic of getting approval when you need to focus on ensuring
you have the specalised knowledge, skill, experience from real life. That will also
give you the edge and real conﬁdence as it is earned.
It will lead you on a path of despair, frustration, unhappiness and seeking so
much approval of others you will lose yourself.
I would see success as this..
Be a person not of success but successful, and that means you are happy, you are
a person who brings value to to life, to people’s life, courage, boldness, that
fearlessness most do not have and a vibe in which brings light to the atmosphere
you are in the world you are taking part of.
You do not fear the status quo but rather embrace the reality that not all shall love
you, admire you or appreciate you. That is life and the more grow and achieve,
the more trolls, more enemies, more of the world comes at you like vicious dogs
but your reality will be bigger.
Even your lovers will grow, and realise how incredible the eﬀect it has when being
with you. That their growth happens, they grow in conﬁdence, in knowlede, skill,
sexcual conﬁdence and most of all a more richer look in themselves, their body,
and embracing the beauty within themselves.
You will soon experience this for real as your lovers will admire you, feel it and
experience how they themselves have grown. They will say many a times and
repeatedly even share it to others and others will come to want to know how to do
so for themselves.
Be a person who strives in being a person of value.
This will bring you material success anyway and much more. It will bring you
satisfaction, a feeling of happiness and fulﬁllment.
It will bring courage mightiar than the world togeher when they come at you and
they will. That is the fate of people who blaze their own path.
It will bring you unity within…yourself.

What is the use if you gaining the whole world, even the sun in your left and
the moon on your right, if you lose yourself?
There is no joy in it in the end and you may have acquired material, wealth and
women/men, whatever, but in the end, you will always ﬁnd yourself deep in
anxiety and worry.
Create the experience right now in your mind…
So it’s time…to experience your success now in your imagination ﬁrst and what
will follow in time, is your behaviour.
Be consistent and be vigiliant of your thoughts and how you speak to yourself
because your words are powerful.
They can program you to lose or to win in your life.
They can also hurt others because negativity is toxic.
The moment you start, the world and all it’s illusion will send their pack of dogs
at you, snapping at your heels to distract you.
Telling you, you're too busy.
Telling you, you got to be busy.
Telling you, you need more ﬁrst to start.
Be ready. Be vigilant. Be alert. Be self aware.
Love silence. Embrace silence.
Find a place in your world, in your home, switch everything oﬀ and give yourself
the time you need to heal.
Find as much time of silence because your self image will help you to create the
success you desire in your life.
You won’t believe how many people don’t do this.
Out of many who read this, probably 1–2 people will do it.
Hopefully, you are one of those people who takes action and even read more on
this too. The knowledge is out there.
9k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

He has a girlfriend but likes me, what do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: He likes me, but has a girlfriend. What should I do?

One day, I went to a shop to buy some handcuﬀs.
I said to one of my lovers,
“I am going to tie you up, so I can eat your pussy do dam good and ride you deep,
without your legs ﬂying everywhere. I like your scream and multiple orgasms but
you’ve been a naughty girl so handcuﬀs and ropes for you. Maybe a collar and chain
to so you can crawl on your knees like a good girl..”
She was drooling and praying it all going to come true.
I went to one shop and I said I need handcuﬀs of a particular type. He said that he
doesn’t have those type of handcuﬀs that have some fur on it.
I said I needed fur on it, gives it some sexy touch. That he can just bang some on,
and..

“Look, you got some of that on there, wrap it around these handcuﬀs.”
But no, he won’t have it.
So I didn’t wait to convince him. I didn’t think that he’s the only shop around. I
didn’t think of waiting for him to change his mind and change the name of his
shop to..
“ADAM TAHA BONDAGE SEX SHOP”
No, I went hunting again and I went to one shop, to another and another, and
they just didn’t have what I wanted.
I gave them an oﬀer but they refused the oﬀer.
I went home and I logged on the internet and found me a website that sells what I
want without having to compromise, without having to wait, without having to
convince and even que.
I bough the handcuﬀs and I even got a better deal so I also bought…
1. Massive Wand Vibrator.
So I can tie her legs up wide and handcuﬀ her hand and she can scream all night
long for all I care, I am going on and on with this…

2. Collar with chain and other bondage equipment.

Look at all that!
Imagine if I waited for some guy with a shop over handcuﬀs. I got better oﬀer and
I stacked my bondage gear with new ones.

Moment my lovers saw that, the smile on their faces was just like heaven.

In other words..
Move on and shop somewhere else.
You’re making your life complicated and wasting time. Yes we know, he has a
girlfriend.
You know how many women I knew, I was attraced to….desired me when I was
single?
Nothing. Nadda. Zip.
You know what happened when they learned I am fucking beautiful women, and
younger than them?
You know what happened when I dated some of their popular friends and had
threesome with twin blonde sisters?
They came chasing hard and fast.
He’s a challenge or your life is boring and need lots of drama.
Go out, live, mingle, plenty of single guys out there.
Find someone who isn’t a challenge and attraction is mutual and he’s single
because I doubt you’re poly and I doubt he is.
Shop somewhere else.
You can get a better oﬀer like I did ;)
8.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys look for in a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her Vibe.

This one young woman, walks up to me and we converse, and she isn’t as half
attractive as these women.
She didn’t even dress like most women. More like what “modest” is depicted in
society today.
Only thing revealing was her legs as she wore short skirt.

She walks up to me and man, the way she behaved, made the whole room fade
into the distance. It dissappeared.
It was like a punch in my gut, the way she talked, sexual, conﬁdence in her body,
ﬂirtatious to such I was having a hard on.
AND..she knew it as well.
I choose her out of all these hot models.
When one model pulled me over and asked..
“How come you’re going with her.”
I replied, “Look at her. She’s outshines everyone here.”
It puzzled the model as I walked away with her and we dated for a while.
Never once did I have to ask for sex. Never once did I have to do all the work
sexual in ﬂirtating and never once, did I have to make the mood.
She was always intiating the way I was.
She KNEW what she was doing and understood that it is about feelings,the mood,
creating the atmospher.
It is what we know as vibe and another is self image.
She had the vibe and if she knew if brings negative vibe, stalls anything, she is
killing what she is investing in emotionally and time wise. It was counter
productive to the goal she desired.
And she knew I am a lover type and you don’t mess with sexual tension with a
lover. He can be patient with you for a while but in time, he will lose patience and
move on.
She knew that and she was also a lover type.
Vibe is very important and it comes with self image that is done by behaviour, not
contradictory to who you say you are.
If you’re sexually conﬁdent then behave as such.
If you’re a lover, behave as such.
In doing so the message is clear for the other lover types to notice you and you
then attract easier than hiding the sexual part.
So for me, I rather go with a woman who is sexually conﬁdent.
A woman who is sexual in words, in behaviour, who is ﬂowing with it and not
switching oﬀ and on, than a woman who is not sexually conﬁdent.
Women who are not sexually conﬁdent, insecure about their bodoes will be up
and down, switches oﬀ attraction, playing pull and push techniques, which will
in the end frustrate a guy and he will move on.

Your looks will get a guy’s attention.
But to keep his attention is a diﬀerent matter and for too long many have
blamed sex on why they cannot keep a man’s attention.
It’s far more about the vibe he feels from a girl and much of the vibe guys feel and
I have been there…isn’t that appealing.
Even in the begining of approaching girls
Their vibe is awkward
Their vibe is judgmental
Tou can tell they are already prejudging because they drop it in
conversation here and there.
They leave a bitter taste in your mouth to not want to ask such girls out
or they make it that sexuality is all your doing and make you feel guilty
about it. It’s not a good feeling.
So a guy even if he is deeply attracted to the girl, he will move on because
of how feels which is frustrating, empty and feels girls holding back and
if he pushes, she will turn on him.
That’s when the guy moves on or is already evaulating to do so and will
do so in time.
Girls always questioning the guys motive and their behaviour shows it
here and there.
Even in conversations, texing, ﬂirting, most girls have a vibe in avoiding to be
sexual and instead bring a vibe of boredom, dark and gloom, and too much
teasing and not enough really of showing the guy full trust.
They don’t know how to have fun.
They know how to be insecure about their bodies and their looks in general.
If you want to know who does that…just keep an eye on girls who pimp their
girl-friends in looks.
They mention it a lot.
That’s a girl who is infatuated by other girls looks and is comparing herself to
other girls bodies and looks.
Girls are prone to always be logical, in over thinking with million
thoughts and do not take action, which creates a negative vibe.
They also bring a negative vibe regarding sex into the conversation.
They avoid ﬂirting when it happens and they think the guy hasn’t
noticed but he has. NOW he evaluates and clock is ticking.

They put a big question on it and that again creates a vibe that goes
against the feeling a guy wants to feel.
I don’t need to deal with the shit most men deal with and it is why I make sure,
this is ﬁrst sorted.
Compatibility.
If this compatibility is a trick, and a woman later in months or years says ..
“OOoh I don’t want sex anymore..”
Believe me, she is done. I am moving on.
People can call me asshole whatever. I am not sticking around.
That is at the top of my list. Screw with it. I will deal my card easily. I will move
on. Done.
Don’t give me this talk about “love.”
I believe in it but it is not enough. I want to see action. I want to see behaviour
and it’s consistent.
That is how you show love.
Love is not enough. The consistent behaviour needs to be there. Not words but
behaviour.
I don’t fall for that nonsense.
Many women left good men who they say..
“I love him, he’s so sweet but…”
One woman I remember said..
“It’s my body,.”
Out of nowhere.
Without any context whatsoever she talked this topic and I knew she was framing
something for future relationship.
I replied, “awesome. This body is my too, so I will take it and have sex with someone
else. I’m sure you was on about..SEX.”
It’s woman subcommunicating and thinking she met a man who doesn’t know
how to read subcommunication language.
She shut up and I moved on without looking back.
She can play that with passive men who apologise for their sexuality and pimp
themselves as good men, nice men, gentleman who respect woman. Pay for
resturant meals to bribe for sex.
Infatuation. Chemistry. Love is not enough.
I live in the real world and know love, desire, chemistry is a process that needs
work and it must have compatibility.
It’s not rocket science..
1. Her eye contact.
2. He smile
3. Her body language

4. Her sexuality she owns it and not ashamed of it
5. She doesn’t play games and shows mutual attraction instantly.
6. She keeps negativity on lock down as it does not arouse but changes the
mood to kill attraction.
7. She never switches oﬀ her sexuality. She knows if she does, it’s done,
over. That I make clear always in the begining. I give chances, I evaluate
but if I see this is consistent then I know in future the relationship will be
like this which I don’t want in my life.
Most don’t think I’m serious until it happens and I walk.
I put sexual conﬁdence and it’s behaviour at the top of my list because what
comes from it, is no bitterness about men, positive attitude, high energy, better
outlook in life, not dark and gloomy, no insecurities about the body but owns it,
and she was ﬂawless in expressing her sexuality than hiding it.
She used it all.
Walked in there and KABOOOOOOOOOOOM!
What comes with it is conﬁdence to approach men, in which one thinks they are
worthy and equal.
What comes with it is full one expressing her desires to her man sexually,
ﬂirtatiously and ramps it up high because she wants to as well and she desires to
pleasure as he does with her.
You cannot say you’re sexual conﬁdent when you haven’t got your shit together
and many haven’t. She did.
Sexual conﬁdence isn’t just about sex.

It’s pureness is conﬁdence.
A girl can play with her pussy everyday, doesn’t mean she’s sexually conﬁdent.
Put her in room with her man and now play and she will crumble, she will hide
and she will feel stress and become awkward.
That’s not sexual conﬁdence.
There’s more to sexual conﬁdence.
It’s how you talk to yourself.
Your internal dialogue.
It’s the words you speak to yourself
It’s the thoughts you have about yourself and the world

It’s how you see other people, genders etc.
All this will project in one’s own behaviour when with a guy and that becomes the
vibe projected for him to feel something in the atmosphere.
Is it shit, negative or attitude strong?
It’s pureness is being comfortable in your own skin and body, and mind, and
expressing in a appeal attractive way.
It not referring conﬁdence by being approved, accepted, and wearing this soial
mask many wear but to believe you are enough.
You can go naked, you can show your pussy, you can do whatever, and ﬂoor the
man with your conﬁdence to such…he knows, he isn’t going to get pleasure like
this from any other woman.
It is about knowing your self, true self which takes a lot of work inside.
She did that work most women don’t do.
It was easy for her to shine out of all these models. Easy.
You ask the wrong question.
Always the wrong question.

It is about how you MAKE HIM FEEL, but you always switch that oﬀ because of
insecurities and pre-judging a guy, looking if he’s a player because you got this
thing in your head, about sex and how bad, Oooh sex is.
Then you got all these insecurities about the look and body, that you’re not even
focused on the guy to connect.
You don’t know then process of desire, chemistry, love, and so you are guessing,
you are searching for a needle in a haystack. Moving from one guy to another and
it is all guess work, as all these relationships die.
Ooh people will say..
“I was in love but now in love with them.
No, people fuck up is what they do. They didn’t know how to keep building
attraction and though it magically happens. Left it too late.
Many people canot get past infatuation stage.
Many don’t know whayt to do, don’t know there is a process, have poor
knowledge and skills in connecting with a person who is into them and they are
into that person, and so it doesn’t last long.

Many select the type our of admiration than looking for compatibility.
Love is not enough. It needs help. Infatuation is not enough. It needs help.
It expects you to know and lead the way.
But when you don’t know, you think it’s all just looks, and don’t know there is a
process and so girls, what they do is opposite out of fear..
Most talk to bring darkness than light.
Most bring gloom than fun.
Most bring prison rather than freedom.
Most play around and bring insecurities instead of conﬁdence.
Most bring conversations that stirs a man’s nightmares or bad
experiences of then past
Most approach man in a judgmental way
That’s when they got a man attracted and then…
Kill attraction dead under 3 seconds.
If there was one thing at the top of then list for guys it be this..
FEELINGS.
Back to my ﬁrst sketch…

Many girls, women make a guy feel..utterly crap with games, with push and pull
techniques and think we don’t know what they are doing.
Many do not own their sexuality and say that it’s the man who just wants sex,
wants to see their body, that it’s one sided.
How do you think a guy feels when girl says that?
FEELINGS.
What does he feel is very big when to attraction and dating, and relationship
because your looks may hinder your success but if you can communicate in a way
that makes him feel amazing, incredible, desired and most of all, not judged for
his sexuality then you’re ahead of many girls.
But so many guys have to navigate through that shit of insecurities.
It hits our emotions, it doesn’t feel good and we move on.
Some will have a guy for months or year but suddenly, all the negativity they did,
all the messing around piles up…and it only needs one more.

The one more happens and the guy says, even if she is hot, sexy, attractive, a good
person, nice, whatevr…
“Ok! Enough. You’re not special after all. You’re just like the rest,. Nothing but a
fucking spolt brat of a woman. Judging me. Mistrusting me. Suspicious of me and it
has gone long enough. Piss oﬀ out of my life.”
She didn’t know the process and was completely not sexually conﬁdent.
Many miss the point..
Man has emotions.
He has has imagination
You got the talk
You got the words
You got the curves
USE IT!
Learn how to talk in a way to capture his emotions and lead his
imagination.
Behave in a manner that is sexually conﬁdent. Be fun. Leave your
gloomy stuﬀ out. Go and talk to relatives or therapist on that but don’t
bring that on board when you haven’t got the guy…yet.
Try it with a hot good looking guy to an average guy, and you will see, the eﬀect. It
is THE SAME.
Even if the guy isn’t attracted in under 3 seconds, watch how the tide suddenly
turns, because no girl, no woman has made him feel like that.
Your body, your looks is going to go,.
Most of us men, don’t need much of the looks. You can tell us that we do but
sorry, You fell for that bullshit.
Most of us men didn’t and so the average man like myself can attract attractive
women, beauiful women, and who love sex, and who are in same attitude as us.
Why?
We are risk takers. Far more men approach women than women ever do. Then
one who takes more risk and builds resources has then abundance of women and
yes, even young women.
We don’t need to compromuse and sell ourselves short.
If you don’t have sexual conﬁdence then you rely just on your look, when that
goes, you are screwed. Men will not want to date you and will go for younger and
you will think it is because it’s…due to..younger.
Or they will date you and leave after sex because your sexual conﬁdence is nonexistent or you are not good at selecting men on compatibility basis but looks
alone.
But those who do desire more, it’s about…
FEELING.
It is always that.
Feeling.

If you can make a guy feel like any woman can’t, you got power, you got
knowledge, you got a skill that will last you a life time and will bear fruit of
harvest you won’t believe with a man.
Next time any say it’s all about sex, better look at your skill set. You’ll ﬁnd it
is ﬂawed, it is not even close to what it needs to be.
You’ll ﬁnd it’s appalling in the realm of sexual conﬁdence.
It has been 20 years and I still remember this woman.
Still.
Not many women can do that.
Can you do that to a guy you’r attracted to when you walk away,
Because that’s what you need to learn not what guys look for.
You have no control over what we look for and that happens inatantly but what
comes after, can change all that.
You can..if you got it…to make us FEEL for a…a uy to REMEMBER you out of so
many girls.
7k Views · View Upvoters

Will my boyfriend leave me for a younger girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am not shocked by what he said.
Here’s what one needs to be shocked about…
How you can stand there, listeing to a man, who tells you such words, demeans
you, devalues you, and yet, you ask..
“Should I leave him?”
A man who loves his lover, will shower admiration, will want to see her beauty,
will say she is the beauty, she is gorgeous, she is this and that and it be positve
and without comparing her to anyone.
He will admire her, he will say she is beautiful, he will never tire in saying so, he
will rage through the storm and wake his lover up from her inhibited fucked up
socially conditioned mind to walk naked, play with her pussy, ﬁlm it and show
him or play right in front of him, and he will shower he with raging lust and love
for her.
He will grow with her in all the ways he can, and explore together.
When a man loves you, he will have this desire, this lust, this ﬂow of aﬀection,
and you will grow with such mighty sexual conﬁdence, and inner conﬁdence you
won’t believe….IF…you let go of much of the insecuriies most women have.
AND if you sort your psychological script and be good at selecting men who will
treat you right.
But this guy..does the opposite.
In fact, he has done the biggest crime in a relationship.
It’s called abuse.
That what he did there is another form of abuse.

Just because it’s not physical doesn’t mean it’s not abuse. It eﬀects you
psychologically and it can screw you up biologically,
I don’t know how many times, I have to say to people stay away from people who
do not lift you up. Stay away from friends who bring drama in your life and who
drag you down, and who talk shit to make you feel shit.
Because when they speak, their words are not just words.
It eﬀects you, it eﬀcts your DNA, it eﬀects you psychology, it eﬀects your biology
and then you go and do all that shit…on someone else and screw your life over 10
folds.
It eﬀects your system and it can mess you up in the long run because our bodies
and our state of mind and even high arousal is about moods, and all this
negativity brings nothing emotional exhuastion to never be in then mood.
So while others said leave him, I am going to say this..
You should stay and be treated like shit.
You should stay and be treated like scum. You should stay and be treated like
nothing.
You should stay and live in fear and in the false belief, that you don’t have a
choice and have your psychological script running in your head, to one day blame
men, and one day screw a man over, a man who treats you right, who loves you
right because your damaged, projecting your past experiences, insecurities, pain
on him.
So no, you should stay because you have this false belief, that nothing is better
out there for you and rationalise because it’s comfort zone, it’s scary to leave, the
uncertainty is scary, the known is scary.
So you should stay, because you believe your unworthy of love, unworthy of being
adored, unworthy of being showered with aﬀecton, unworthy of being treated
with admiration, unworthy of being treated with respect in not having to hear a
man say those things to you, unworthy.
So stay put.
In fact, one day when you meet a man who does shower you with lust, desire,
aﬀection, you’ll probably THROW IT ALL back in HIS FACE because it’s now
uncomfortable to believe you are beautiful.
You’ll make him feel guilty for showing his aﬀection and his sexuality, amd get all
stressed out because he’s sexual, he’s a guy into you and become mistrusting,
suspcious and inconsistent.
You heard it enough time you’re not beautiful, you had so many compare you,
you compare yourself to others that if a guy did show that, you probably play
some game, pushing him back and doing all sorts and throw it all back on his
face.
Don’t blame that man or any man if that time comes.
Look in then mirror.
No one put a gun to your head to stay with that man and only fear has made you
stay with him.
Fear of the unknown.
The uncertainty.
Lack of self esteem.

The feeling of unworthiness LONG BEFORE you ever met this man.
The Psychological script running in your mind.
One day, you have a daughter and you hear her boyfriend say the same to her.
One day you have a son, and his girlfriend said that to him.
What would you say?
Then take your own advice and live it.
The man is not to blame.
He has been that way long before you met him.
It was all there but most don’t see the red ﬂags bouncing in the begining because
they are so focused on the chase.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I treat people the way they want to be treated instead of
the way I want to be treated?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, very good question. I can share very important steps that will help you and
people you’re connecting with. That’s including dating too and really life in
general.
Here’s what I do..
1. I get to know the person in ﬁnding out their personality, whether they
are introvert, dominant, supportive types, cautious, over thinker and so
on. I ﬁnd out ﬁrst their personality as that’s their language.
2. The more you understand who this person is, the more you will see what
they value the most. I also ask questions in ﬁnding out more and they do
appreciate it as well.
3. Find out what oﬀends them, what they like and don’t like, what their
values are. Learn about them without projecting your own pre-judgment.
You will know a lot on what is the line to not cross with people and it is a
sign of care, respect for them, and to not hurt them no matter what they
believe.
4. I read a lot of books on all these personalities and psychology, as it does
help to see the world through their eyes.
5. I ﬁnd out how they like to be treated and in doing so, it makes sense to
what I have learnt about their personality. It’s actually amazing what you
learn about someone and you can use it to build amazing connections to
such, I have had people say they never thught they’d grow so much in
this connection. That’s also lovers too.
6. Read a lot. Spend time learning also about yourself, your thinking, your
emotions and keep ﬁlling your mind with knowledge.
7. Associate with learners who want to grow in this area. Have passion for it
and you will grow far more than you ever thought you can.
In essence, truly explore, learn about yourself and others too but also make sure
you don’t do things out of neediness, validation and pity.
Have…boundaries.
Create your own rules on where the line is and be ready to learn to say no. Forget
how it looks. Forget they might get upset or you lose them.

Make sure to have your own boundaries and educate people on them politely by
your behaviour and words. If you don’t respect your boundaries, no one else will.
There are people who no matter how good you treat them…they will abuse the
trust, your time, aﬀection and support.
I have a rule.
Friends are not everything.
Love is not enough.
That is why I have boundaries and I look for compatibility whether in lovers or
friends or association.
People will take advantage of you if you let them and so you need to have
boundaries and be very careful in trying to save people.
Avoid trying to be a knight in saving people.
Instead make sure you have boundaries as people can help themselves and there
is support out there which gets funding, which gets paid and they can acess it.
So you don’t need to be a therapist..a saviour.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think it's creepy to see a tiny 18-year-old 4' girl with a
6'5″ 40-something dude?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what’s creepy?
People think they got some business judging and interferring on other people’s
lives. That’s creepy.
That is actiually fucked up and that’s the problem in society.
Most people love to compare, love to judge, love to think they have some high
morality or principles, because it makes them feel better.
If the girl is legal age, it’s no ones business and if any makes it so, they better be
prepared to take on the shit storm that comes their way as well.
It’s creepy not minding one’s own business.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can somebody be mad for someone and leave her suddenly
without even bothering to talk?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it happens.
People can get hurt or they just had enough of the pain, or drama, or insecurities
of someone. When you had enough, you cannot be assed anymore especially
when the person keeps doing it again and again.
Then there’s also the personality.
Some people have a personality in which if you push it and upset then, they slam
that door shut.
So it does happen.
All kinds of people make this world.

Everyone deals with whatever in their own way.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy returns after months of no contact and disappears,
does that mean he is a narcissist?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it means the same when girl does it.
They disappeared and they have been fucking someone, riding someone and
then infatuation gone, and now they realised you are GOD or GODESS and so,
they want a piece of you now.
It happens when people go and think that everyone got the magic but not
everyone has that magic, and only realise the grass isn’t greener on ther other
side as they thought it be and now they are up shit creek.
That maybe they just walked away from someone they will regret for the rest of
their life. Happens a lot.
Throw them a bone or for snakes…throw them a mice, they’ll get idea that you
know the game.
They may think they are gamers, and got their own game but they pretty dumb to
disappear and not keep touch, keep connected and keep that ﬁre of attraction
alive.
So that’s really it.
Not everyone is some psycho, narcissts which has become a trend on Quora
where people labelling every damn shit as Narcisstic or Psycho.
It can mean the guy went and found someone else, which is natural really,
leading by his emotions, his dick and went and got a girl to ride him, and then got
bored and now wants to come and try it on with the girl he ghosted.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when someone says "I love you but I am not
in love with you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, they are not sexually and romantic attracted to you. It’s a cowards way
of saying it to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
It’s one of the most pathetic reasons one can give instead of being honest that
they cannot see themselves anyone with this person in a sexual and romantic
way.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

There is a girl I like and she told me to prove it. How do I do this
other than kissing her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So the story goes, the girl was being ﬂirty with her boyfriend. He was so turned
on, he’s ready to bend her over, spread her legs and fuck her in ass.
But just when he is about to even kiss her she says..
Her - I can’t because I need to be emotionally connected. I need to feel you love me. I
need you to show me you like me so much. I need you to accept me for who I am.

Him - Ok. Come with me
So he takes her to the the most expensive shop with the hottest clothes and
jewellery. Her eyes light up..
Her- I love this dress but I also like this one too! Oh dear.
Him - Just take them both.
Her- You sure baby?
Him - Yes, of course
She even went for the shoes and jewellery and her boyfriend just smiled, nodded
and said to get them.
As they walked to the counter, the cashier banged away the numbers and it came
to £2500.
He turned to his girlfriend and said..
Him - I can’t baby. I just can’t feel emotionally connected when I have to pay for sex
with you. I need to feel you love me and like me, and..aceept me the way I am.
And though he didn’t get sex that night, she never played that fucking game on
him again.

If she cannot show mutual attraction without the games, and understand she is
looking at her equal, then move on.
You’ll be proving to her every damn time because you’ll let her frame the
relationship with everything becoming some pathetic shit test, a game for you to
prove something to one day ﬁnd her dangling sex like a carrot.
And yes, I have a story for that too when women say “ooh it’s my body.” ;)
141 Views · View Upvoters

I got a crush on this girl that has a bf. She confessed and said
she likes me but we could never happen because she has a
boyfriend. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I went to a shop to buy some ice cream.
I love ice cream and I needed some so I can bang it all over one of my lovers body
and we can have fun, food sex. I love licking ice cream oﬀ a woman’s body all the
way down.
So I go to this shop and I need a particular ice cream.
I tell him my oﬀer.
He tells me though the oﬀer is good but he is unwilling to sell me the ice cream I
want. He hasn’t got any in stock and he will never have it in stock because it’s
expensive. It’s just going to cause him problems. There is just too much at stake if
he does.
So you know what I did?
No I didn’t wait around this shop everyday. I didn’t come back everyday hoping
he’d change his mind.

I didn’t invest more time and emotions back and forth. I did none of that,
Instead..
I did the most smartest thing any person can do.
I moved on and 10 shops away I found one that sells that particular ice cream.
I said to him..
This is my oﬀer and I need this.
He said he is interested and he has what I want.
By moving on faster, I got my ice cream to put all over my lover’s body and
around her pussy to lick and eat and ride.

You showed your oﬀer.
It’s not good enough for her.
No pussy. No licking. No fucking. No touching.
Move on and the faster you do, you’ll meet a girl, who will say..
“Yes baby, I am into you too and please..buy a large tub of ice cream..”
Then she’ll wink at you in the hope you get the hint that it’s going to be one
helluva kinky night.
So learn to move on faster.
Something so many guys don’t learn to do but they would if it’s a job and
companies said no.
They’d move their ass fast to apply else where or they won’t have money, pay the
bills and be controlled by situation in staying at mummies, daddies basement for
the rest of their life.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Morose Belle

If a guy started to talk to me and says to his friend that he
thinks I'm cool, does it mean he likes me? We never met before.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He said cool. When I say and any of my mates say that a girl is cool, well, this is
what it means to us..
1. She behaves like a guy
2. She’s like us, the bros
3. She’s cool to be with and have a laugh with the lads
4. She is not femine in behaviour
5. She switched oﬀ attraction and doesn’t ﬂirt
6. So she’s cool but..
7. No way in hell, when we are with other girls we want her around. We
hope she gets then message when we ﬂirt with other girls.
8. She’s cool for a while but cool isn’t attraction, isn’t sexual tension and
dating material for us guys.
Cool = she’s one of the bros = friendzoned.
606 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Cece Frost

Guys, what would you do if someone asked if you were dating
your crush?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wrong person to send this request to.
I have the balls to ask a girl out if I am attracted to her. Even when I was at school,
I dated more, got laid more, had fun more and didn’t get fucked up as much as
many guys did because I was direct.
So you won’t see me investing time, eﬀort and all those bullshit silly games,
because of fear of rejection.
I’d have asked who I am attracted to out, ﬂirted ﬁrst, see if she behaves in a
manner I like and shown I am attracted to her, and if she doesn’t behave in that
manner, I move on.
No girl is worth wasting time with and put on a pedestal, as life is short. Either
she is into you or not, so forget the silly games, and ask her out or you’re
emotionally investing too much when you need to invest less.
That’s got another name than crush.
Oneitis. which makes a person feel helpless, like they can’t take action and I am
no guy who is helpless and can take action.
In other words, it is a crush…out…of..control and turns into a bordeline
obessession.
I’m so not into that craze.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Antonio Turner

What did you want to be when you grew up?



https://www.quora.com/What-do-kids-want-to-be-when-they-grow-up

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: When you were young, what did you want to be when you grew up?

At home
Dad - Your brother is clever. He decided to be someone
Me -Huh?
Dad - Yes, he will do degree and become blah blah
Me - (roll eyes)
Dad - Now what about you, what are you going to be?
Me - I don’t want to talk about it
Mum - Why? Your brothers did, your sisters did but not you?
Me - They are diﬀerent than me and anyway, best not to say
Dad - If you say then we can help you.
Me - Help me?
Mum - Yes. Maybe you want books, or private teacher?
Me - Hmm
Dad - So?

Me - Ok then. I want to be..
Mum - A doctor!
Dad - Accountant!
Me - No.
Mum - A Teacher!
Dad - A scientist
Me - No.
Dad - What then?
Me - I want to be a Porn star
Dad and Mum - ?????
Dad and Mum - (going red in face)
Dad - (taking his shoe oﬀ)
Mum - (panicking)
Me - (running out of the house)
Dad - COME BACK HERE YOU SON OF A DOG!
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What can you say to a girl if both of you have nothing to talk
about?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s your goal?
When you know the goal, then you now lead towards it.
The goal is not some talk about life, and all the rest most who are unsuccessful
will do to impress her, and make her talk all day long about her. If you do that, it
will end awkward.
It’s not just about her but you too.
So what’s the goal?
Is she someone you’re attracted to?
If so, then you must have already established she is mutually attracted to you and
if you haven’t done that, you are wasting your sweet time.
If you have done that then…
1. Your whole connversation needs to be leading towards arousing her,
capturing her emotions and ﬁring up her imagination.
2. You ﬂirt, using sub communication words, and a language many never
learn which makes a woman’s body tingle, her body sing, dripping wet,
to feel and imagine..
“Holy shit, this guy makes me feel alive. I feel…OMG…I’m wet just by
listening to him. How the fucl does he do it. OMG, if he can do this now,
what can he do when he is withn me all…alone..mmmmm.”
3. To then escalate the shit out of it as she engages as well. Keeping it fun,
exciting and still emotionally connected.

So the conversation must lead to the goal and the only reason a guy won’t do so, is
because he fears he will oﬀend her, has her on a pedestal and thinks attraction is
going to be built on it’s own.
That is what you really need to do and focus on:
Building attraction.
So now you know, the conversations will be:
1. Fun, regarding relationships. regarding life in general but always
bringing it back to her feeling experiences that can happen with you.
2. On deep sexual and romantic connection
3. Using words which helps with feelings, not logic. Feelings. You need to
know how to paint those feelings so she doesn’t just listen but she uses
all her senses…
- Seeing
- Hearing
- Touch
- Smell
- Imagination
4. As you talk she has she feel it, sense it, see it in her mind, smell it,
imagine it for her to feel.
You’re like an artist who uses the colours she already has to paint all her
desires and for her to feel comfortable in experiencing it all with you. She
feels it pounding in her like and she feels wet as you talk and behave in a
certain manner.
How that is done, is a diﬀerent story altogether.
But all conversations will lead to her feeling alive, her imagination on ﬁre, in that
she sees all those feelings connect with you.
It cannot happen, if she is not mutually attracted to you and so you need to ﬁrst
get that out of the way.
Forget talk on hobbies for sake of what to talk about.
Forget talk on where she’s from for sake of talking about it.
Remember the goal - feeling, arousal, emotions and imagination to
connect it all with you.
Use all of these to lead to her emotions and imagination to see, feel, hear, smell,
touch the experiences within her including connection, the romance, the sexual
experiences to all connect with you.
So it’s not what you say with topics.
It’s about feelings, emotions and connection. Deep connection. Honest,
authentic connection.
That’s what we mean when we say…
It’s not what you say but how you say it.
With an understanding that your goal is to make her heart race, her body tingle,
her pussy dripping wet and yes, it can be done.
I do it all the time and not for any woman.

I do not give that pleasure to ANY woman. It’s priceless when woman feels that
and she cannot feel that from every man.
It is for the woman who MUST be attracted to me ﬁrst.
Same for you.
She MUST be attracted to you ﬁrst and she must show it verbally and in her
behaviour…. because when she is, you don’t need to manipulate, do tricks as the
desires are already in there, within her for you.
You need to have balls instead of being passive.
You are just leading her to the goal and making it easier for her and you to get
there which means, you need to be brave to escalate and move forward.
These desires, these thoughts, that which resides in her unconscious mind and
swims later in the conscious are aimed at you so you don’t need to impress her or
supplicate to her.
She must also put eﬀort in and she will if she is attracted to you and you are
skillful in building on the attractions that is there.
That is why a man needs to have the specialised knowledge and skill in this area
and experiences because you then know all the components, process of desire,
process of emotional connection, process of woman’s language, process of deep
connection.
You know how it ﬂows.
It helps you to project to her in a fun, attractive, exciting manner what’s on oﬀer
to make her desire you even more.
You’re….leading.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you tell your best friend to stop talking to her crush
because he's hurting her in someway & you don't want to keep
listening to her tell you?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t be a white knight.
You tell the girl to sort her own shit out and not use you as some emotional
tampon, who will come to save her.
What your best friend does is their business and who comes to talk to her is her
business, and she needs to grow up, deal with it and stop being a princess.
In life outside, no one is going to clean up after her either.
Except that is, some guy who wants to get between her legs or some girl who is
needy for validation, who spends her time saving people but cannot save her own
life and her world is a mess.
That can damage anyone psychologically and biologically. It takes it toll soon
enough to realise, you can’t change and ﬁx people.
Those same people will grow to resent and stab you in the back and choose a path
in which you see all your eﬀort was wasted because doing things for validation is
a wasted hobby and a stressful one at that.
She can clean her own mess out.
That’s how you do it.

It saves you as well from a lot of drama.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with things when I'm on a break with a guy? (He's
still texting me although he makes it seem like he's talking to
someone else)
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t deal with it.
You block the number. This is what I mean about girls with this psychological
script. They know what to do but don’t do it so they get more attention, and have
a predictable outcome because they want a predictable life.
They love pain. They love failure. They love attracting shit. They love the ongoing
drama because they have low self esteem, think they are ugly, maybe never got
attention and validated way back as a child and so they get this attention, and
won’t do the most common sense step.
Block…the…number.
So why doesn’t one block the number when they don’t want the text?
You know then answer.
Block the number and move on. You take responsibility and not blame it on
someone else, when it’s your phone.
Don’t handle it.
Don’t deal with it.
Just block the number and move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why did my boyfriend try to choke me when I broke up with
him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already know. You’ve answered the question yourself.
In your words..
“abusive behavior.”
He’s abusive.
Just read your description ;)
862 Views · View Upvoters

I've lost my faith in mostly everything. How do I start over?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This time, you start the right way.
You don’t have faith in everything. You have faith in yourself, invest in yourself,
build yourself up, have boundaries, self respect and don’t expect life is entitled to
give you squat.
You focus on you, build you, have faith in you and it is that which gives you a
more reality…healthy…understanding of life, people.

You also have empathy for yourself and others.
Sort your expectations out.
People lose a lot of hope on people and life due to expectations in trying to
control outcomes when we don’t have control of it.
We do in how we see the world and so, see the world not as you desire to see it but
see it for what it is.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend needs space for 2 months for her studies and
doesn’t even want me to text her, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No one is that busy. Break up is in the horizon. This is her excuse to
psychologically prepare herself.
When I heard once a girl say to me,
“Oooh can’t text for three weeks, so busy, blah blah..”
I moved on already. Time, it always shows you who people really are in the end.
They can say whatever but time always reveals their own true nature. I really
enjoyed knowing her and I also was genuine and direct.
I knew she was no tiger but a serpent.
Something was not right and I was ready for it and it was just a matter of time.
Snakes are so afraid of conﬂict, they act all tough but really, when it’s things like
this, they rather avoid conﬂict with lies, and slither away back to where they
came from.
You can wear tattoos, you can change colour of your hair, you can do whatever,
but there are things you cannot hide. Time reveals one’s true nature in then end.
They are also impatient and don’t foresee the bigger picture.
My sisters as an example run businesses, CEOs, and one of them has also taken
on a Master Degree because she always wanted to ﬁnish one, not that she needs it
and she…still in touch with her man.
Other girls I know dating guys, and they are doing degrees and even at exams,
still stayed in touch.
One of mt lover’s as an example, working her butt oﬀ, and she’s so tired, ready to
crash out in bed, tired, feet hurting, arms hurting, and she still texts showering
love and respect, and shares her feelings before she sleeps.
You feel me?
When someone is into you, they are not that busy.
There is a guy in horizon or she just not feeling it and using that as an excuse. You
are never busy to text for two weeks, or three. It’s bullshit. I am busy but never did
I leave someone hanging.
No one is that busy.
You don’t tell someone you’re into, no texting for 2 months.
That means, a guy is there, something is up.

Or she is trying to detach, because she’s so scared of abandoment or she just don’t
feel it.
You need to prepare and move on already, and approach other girls and say to
her, that you not feeling this, you’re moving on.
You have the balls to do it because she hasn’t got the backbone to.
No one is that busy.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

Would a guy avoid you if he's been hurt by you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends if he is a desperate, had no sex for years, needy for her body, has no self
respect and has no options whatsoever.
If a woman hurt me, I will avoid her like the plague.
Not even her shiny wet pussy, sweet young ass and tits, and cute face, and many
fuck nights with her, will change my mind.
So it’s simple, don’t hurt people, don’t abuse their time, don’t mess with their
feelings, and be honest where one is in life so person knows where they stand.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says “I don't want to end up
hurting you”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, he is psychololgically framing the relationship in your mind on wha it is
going to be in future. He has warned you, he will hurt you real bad, and it is all
your fault for not listening.
He will later say “but I said I don’t want to end up hurting you..”
It’s bullshit. He is going to hurt you big time.
That’s his clause, when it he does.
He will date you, fuck you, fuck others without letting you know and being direct
on what he wants in life.
You will invest in him and ﬁnd out from someone else he cheated on you or
whatever it is that will hurt you big time,
He will…hurt you.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

What will you say if an interviewer says "You have 10 minutes to
impress me"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Intervier -You have 10 minutes to impress me
Me - You had the moment I walked in and I’m not impressed at all. Have a good
day.
And I will get up and walk out.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to message your male best friend every day? Does it
makes a girl look “needy” or “clingy”?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy but personally, I wouldn’t want a woman who is not my lover
to call or text me everyday, about her life, what she’s doing. Once every few weeks
or week ﬁne and even then my focus is on my lovers.
I’m not into that beastie stuﬀ and I’m not oe of those guys with groupie girls as
friends, and blah blah on phone or texting. Not much into emotional support for
women except who I am dating and in relationship with.
I think limit it and be sparing, doesn’t have to be everyday.
Maybe get yourself a journal and write and contain things, for those moments
when you meet friends or once a week so you’re a fresh of air.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy is really smitten with me, but I have trust issues and am
self-conscious, how do I get over it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will help a lot if you talk to the guy. That’s if you know the guy well. The
diﬃcult part is wheen you behaves in a manner that seems to be mistrusting then
the guy will take it that you’re not interested him.
He won’t know why or what is really happening inside you.
But…if you talk to the guy, if you explain and if he’s the guy who really is into you,
he will understand. It brings a lot of calmness when a guy knows what is up, and
so he is not assuming things.
Lots of people with trust issues, self conscious can mess up a good thing because
you’re always doubting the other person, you’re alwways talking like it won’t
happen and so the guy will get tired of always trying to prove he’s for real.
That’s what insecurities does.
It makes the other person feel exhuasted, feels emotionally drained and feels
their trust in the person is thrown back at them.
So talk with the guy but work on yourself as well.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Are men who are not "successful" with women naturally sexist?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have seen men who are misogynists date women and very successful, have sex,
be in relationships and some have 4 fuckbuddies and so on.
The reasons will be…
1. Social conditioning, which starts when men and women were babies and
it never stops. That alone is a heavy one to follow and get out of.
2. This leads to…Social pressure.
If you want to do anything in social world, you will feel social pressure to
make one over think with terror.
3. It then leads to social anxiety and this one takes a heck of a lot to sort
out. There is a lot of internal challenges to overcome.

4. There is also…some men who are shy.
5. Some have low self conﬁdence and low self esteem
6. Many have low social skills.
7. Many fear rejection to a high level that it paralyzes them.
So there are many other factors, that’s very deep rooted to socially condition
society, and it leads to a lot of anxieties, pressure and insecurities.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is a girl who is working on her social anxiety worth dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl is going through challenges, and she says to you these are the challenges
and she’s working on them, trying to grow, damn right she is worth dating, That is
a girl in my book is gold.
That’s a girl who is a winner.
A winner is someone who is brave enough, courageous enough to face their own
demons, habits, internal dialogue, psychological script, and want to win in
themselves and become strong for their well being.
A loser is someone who blames everyone, who bitches everyone is to blame, girls
is to blame, guys is to blame, bad boys is to blame, jerks is to blame, assholes is to
blame, players is to blame, fucking aliens and god and angels, and movies, and
everything you can imagine is to blame.
They just do things, say things, behave in a way that makes their life predictable
because the unknown, is scary. Being strong is scary. It means to be independant,
to think for yourself, to own your shit and face your demons head on.
So she’s one brave and courageous girl, who owns it, and is sorting her social
anxiety out. Such a guy to be with her, is someone who needs to be strong, who
has positive mind while liviing in reality, and who encourages her, inspires her
and doesn’t pull her down.
He will need to be very patient and there is no guarantees she will grow faster or
anytime soon.
One may learn something from such a girl too as she learns from the guy.
She may grow in conﬁdence, in insights, from the guy she dates and she may
even open so much more with him than anyone else,
When she does, you may ﬁnd a diamond sparkling, a genius, or someone of
passion for something, or a girl who has bubble personality, talks a lot and has a
lot to say and she shares because….this guy…is willing to listen, was patient
enough, cared about her and knew we all have our own ﬂaws.
The other side of it is this..
Be warned. Do not try to ﬁx her. Change her and push her to your pace.
She’s already said she isn’t comfortable with people, lots of crowd and so on.
Don’t push her. If you want to party, have lots of friends meet who you date, then
maybe she’s not for you.
She has conveyed to you who she is right now, where she is in her life right now
and she is saying what is uncomfortable for her. You can then imagine what is
ahead and you cannot say you didn’t know.

So make sure, you don’t date her with this idea to try to change her or complain
why she won’t get involved to go out and so on.
You know where she is in life.
If it’s not for you, best to move on.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is the statement "If a guy really likes you, he will make an eﬀort
to be with you, no matter how hard it is" true?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you mean by hard?
Does hard mean she dangles sex like a carrot and think he will just wait
around?
Does hard mean, that she can verbally abuse the guy, act all drama
queen and create stress?
Does hard mean, her parents won’t allow and he has to wait for 10 years?
Does hard mean she is married and he waits for 10 years for her to sort
her shit together?
Does hard mean, she disappears and fades like a ghost and thinks she
can come back after a couple of months like nothing has happened?
Does hard mean that she breaks boundaries and doesn’t respect them?
Does it mean she can cheat, lie and bullshit and treat dating and
relationship like it’s a game?
Does it mean, she is inconsistent, jealous and possessive?
Does it mean when he reveals time he can be free, and plans it to talk on
phone or meet, and she takes the piss, in doing fuck all and then says she
was soooooooo busy?
Does it mean that when he texts she doesn’t reply even when he sees she
has seen the message, and doesn’t for weeks on end?
Then the answer is no.
I doubt most men will stay but move on.
There are boundaries and if a man is conﬁdent, has self worth… he will lose
interest to move on.
If it means..
He will put time and eﬀort to keep in touch? Yes.
He will be honest if he’s busy because he values the connection and
hopes she’s patient until he sorts things out? Yes.
He will invest time, money to travel to another country to meet her and
make it easier for her? Yes.
He will keep in touch, texting, phone? Yes.
He will be empathatic to her needs, wants and if she is busy and she
explains why, and still communicates once a week at least? Yes.
So it depends what you mean by “hard.”
Hopefully examples I have given will give some ideas on what it looks like when
someone is taking then piss and if so, to avoid them.

4.9k Views · View Upvoters

You're given immortality, but as a cost, you are sent back 3,000
years. Would you accept, and if so, what would you do?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I wouldn’t.
The people I know, lovers as well, relatives matter to me. I love my lovers,
relatives, nieces and I admire most of my friends. I rather have this than
immortality.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it hard to trust a person who was in several other
relationships before you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very easy.
Here’s an example..
Woman - I’ve had a few relationships in past. About 5.
Me - Hope they were awesome relationships.
Woman - Some were and some, well..
Me - I understand. Now, which ass plug you like, this steel large one or this bigger
shiny one with jewellery. It comes with a huge vibrator as well and a whip.
Woman - Oooh I love the jewellery one and I want the rest too. Mmm

See, not hard at all.
11.8k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been manipulated for a long time?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

YES!
I would get up, every morning, forced by the dark forces that also will throw you
into a hall of shame, punishment will ensue until you do as they say. From a very
young age, I got up, and marched the long walks into a prison.
This prison was huge with many cells.
You’d hear the cells open and close on certain times.
It was diﬀerent to other prisons because you could roam freely but still, this was
an illusion because when the bell rang, they conditioned you to move into
diﬀerent cells.
When they let us out, to feel the sun rays on our face, I’d see lots of other gangs,
all ready to jump you, guarding their territory in the same large prison.
I would see new faces joining this new prison and for years I was in this prison
and no one gave a shit.
No, not even the media gave a shit that we were thrown in prison.

No one gave a fuck that these guards could tell us our dreams means nothing and
we are here to be conditioned, to be ready for the outside world when we are free
after being in prison for a certain period of time.
No one gave a shit, not even parents who threw us in prison in which our brain
was ready to be open and shoved with all kinds of shit, which shapes our
perception.
Not one parent came to the rescue but they did throw us in prison.
Some were moved to other prisons because of “misbehaviour.”
Others were given numbers or levels to show who they thought was thick, stupid,
smart, intelligent and if you did as you were told, followed exactly, then they
would reward you with a high recognised certiﬁed stamped paper to say so.
In this prison, everyone who was there thought being a good prisoner mattered.
That the inmates they made friends with…mattered.
That belonging to some gang in that prison mattered but everyone was really
sizing each other up.
It was only years later that I was free from prison to never return again.
The prison I left = school.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is your description of great legs? Does it depend on the
person?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My description of great legs…
Long and reach up to inﬁnity like a godess.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

The guy I like used to text me every day but now I’m the one
texting ﬁrst all the time, but he replies right away. Should I ask
him to hang out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you are local - you and he live in the same city, then you avoid texting everyday,
without a goal = to meet up.
That’s if you are attracted to the guy and really, before getting the number that
needed to be establised so you know it’s mutual attraction or it gets awkward and
becomes nothing but small talk leading nowhere.
In attraction, the texting is to build on the attraction that’s there, to arouse, to
capture a guy’s emotions, his imagination to desire to…meet…you and date you.
It you’re attracted to him and want that.
1. You text not to just converse but to arouse with a goal in mind to meet.
You always move forward and not play safe. So this time, text him but be
fun, ﬂirty and he will get the idea and will do the same. If he doesn’t, be
more direct with him so you don’t waste time.
2. If you text everyday and he and you are local, and both of you are not
going to ask each other out, then one of you will lose interest. One of you
has to lead.

So make sure when texting, paint a picture on what can happen and ﬁnd
out what he likes to happen, when you meet face to face.
3. It only takea few text messages back and forth, not weeks, but days to
lead to meeting up. That is afterall the goal.
If you ﬁnd the frequency of texting back and forth is bouncing quick,
constant then now is the time to lead to meeting face to face.
It’s already messed up because both of you didn’t show intent you are attracted to
each other verbally and probably was all small talk.
That was the time for ﬂirting, showing you’re both into each other to then meet
up.
You know, the usual social norm style nonsense talk where people behave
platonic when they are into each other due to fear of rejection. Following some
bullshit ways society dictates as being “polite.”
Hopefully this time, you lead to showing you’re attracted to him and he does the
same through text and meeting up.
Text him again but this time change your approach, be more assertive, fun and
ﬂirtatious if…you are attracted to him.
If not, let it go.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

I wrongly accused him, and he broke it oﬀ. I apologized, but he
wants to think about it. How do I give him space and make it up
to him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you accuse someone especially if he is a lover, the boyfriend, whatever, you
are actually saying..
“From the day I knew you and until now, I never trusted you. I had
suspicioun about you…”
That means, you were not true to this person and so you was wearing a social
mask, letting your own insecurities or whatever it is to judge him.
So, he won’t trust you either for the…future.
Certainty is very important to us human beings.
It’s called trust.
If you question a relationship, with any hints or outright accusing someone, you
are creating a wall and that wall wasn’t creatied by that person but yourself and
now, it is up to the person to bother crashing that wall down, because they want
you in their lives.
However, for most of us, trust is very important and no one likes to be accused. It
takes a lot to build relationships and it is exhuasting when we hear doubt,
exhausting when we feel suspicioun and accussation.
Much of these pre-judging comes from past experiences or some skewed view
about a gender. Many girls by the way pick up on that from other women too and
it may sound cool, sound strong and thinking all men are this and that, but let’s
get down to the real issue.
It’s nothing but emotional bias insecurities and seen probably someone going
some experience or your own past experiences and projected it on them. The

amount of girls I have dumped bcause of that is plenty.
Far too many girls I have left behind because of their own insecurities and prejudging and their bullshit sexiest and generalising of men, AND due to projecting
past negative experiences on to the existing relationship.
Life is too short being with someone or associating with someone who doesn’t
trust you who thinks they got something to prove as a woman or like to wage war
on men and do so on their boyfriend.
To give space to someone…
1. Avoid contacting this person
2. Avoid sending any text messages
3. Avoid calling using phone to this person
4. Avoid this person at all cost and give the person the space
5. It means…when or if they are ready to resume relationship with you,
they will contact you.
That’s what giving space means.
It is now out of your hands and you must leave it to him to decide if he wishes to
resume relationship with you of any kind.
4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get my friend to move on?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s nothing to feel bad about.
He’s the one who needs to feel shit not you.
Set boundaries, ignore him, and do not give him a second of your time. It’s time
to be a bitch. That’s right. It’s time.
If he can’t take you being a nice girl, then it’s time he sees your face when you’re a
bitch and fury. Slam that door shut and don’t give him more attention.
Don’t feel sorry for him.
Don’t pity him.
That’s what he wants. Playing the victim game.
He is no a friend.
He’s a nice guy, a manipulator, how is wearing the nice guy mask which many
guys do. He is already projecting how much of a worse choice of a date to ever
have, with his lack of respect for you, your choice, being jealous, possessive and
even, putting his dick ﬁrst before your well being.
Can you imagine the nightmare you’ll have dating him?
This is how he acts when you’re not even his girlfriend.
Imagine what it be like when you are?
This is your red ﬂag, a warning from life to stay the hell away from him.
Completely burn that bridge.
He doesn’t give a shit about you but sex.

He doesn’t give a damn but to possess you as some toys and when he does, and
done, he will treat you like trash.
This guy is not a friend and do not see him as one, as friends do not do that. Don’t
fall for his sorry look or victim mentality games.
Set the boundaries with this guy and set it hard. Don’t fall for his nice and
bullshit. Be ﬁrm with him and move on.
1. Set boundaries.
2. Cut ties with him immediately
3. Do not talk to him, block him on everything
4. Talk to your boyfriend (face to face, not text) explaining you’re telling
him this not to make him jealous but that he might cause trouble
between you and him.
The reason you share this with your boyfriend is this guy can create lies,
stories, and so you need to be the ﬁrst, 10 steps ahead of him by talking
to your boyfriend and let him now right now.
But for him to anything as you have taken care of it, and you let him
know what you did to… take care of it.
These type of guys can cause a lot of problems for you.
It is you who need to move on.
Avoid trying to ﬁx and change, and being nice.
He needs to know if he makes one more step you’re going to ﬁle a fucking claim of
harrassment on him.
2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jessica Nilsson

How do you react when you become a millionaire at 19 and girls
that you liked treated you like crap in high school but suddenly
are attracted to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have a couple of ideas….
1. I will hire one of my friends home studio cinema. It has about 40 seats.
2. Then invite them all.
3. They’ll sit in front seats and watch this..

When it’s done, I’ll stand in front of the screen and say..
“Welcome Gold Diggers!”

Second idea…
1. I’ll get them to one of the studios I hire that has video cameras.
2. Get them to sign contract for a porn movie we’ll do together.
2. Create a porn movie.
3. Call it GOLD DIGGER ORGY
4. Sell it and make another million or so dollars.
;)
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 18 and my boyfriend is 40. He pays for nearly everything I
want & need. He loves me, but treats me like a toy. Am I
deserving of this treatment?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I see what’s going on. I’m in my 40’s myself.
Here’s what you need to do because sometimes, people do things and they don’t
realise how it eﬀects the other. If you are passive and don’t speak in a calm
manner, and explain how you feel, he won’t know how you feel.
Just because a man is in his 40’s doesn’t mean he knows shit.
The same way as just because someone is 18 doesn’t mean they don’t know
anything are not mature.
We can still learn from one another.
I learn a lot from lovers I am with who are younger than me, and sometimes, they
see what I don’t see, and I see something in them they don’t see, and so we help
each other to grow.
And when they do, when they express their concerns, I appreciate it a lot. I really
love it when my lover, whether she is 18, or 25, shares her feelings, and we
communicate and we iron it out.
Many a times it is assumptions, many a times it’s all in their head and sometimes,
it is a correction in each other’s behaviour. So no matter how old someone is,
there is always room for growth and we want to grow more.
Some men like myself in my 40’s have years of experiences in dating younger
women, but we also developed ourselves to ensure it is love, it is respect, even if
for example, we might pay for things, we don’t want our lover to feel she’s a toy, or
anything else but our lover, equal.
So what you need to do, is calmly express your feelings to him. This is no time to
be passive. This is how adults and healthy relationships communicate. They
communicate calmly and express their concerns and work together on
boundaries.
That’s what people who love each other do.
Let him know how you feel and why you feel this way.
It’s important to also let him know why you feel this way and then from there,
evaluate.
If he starts getting all hot and bothered, if he starts dramatising with shouting, if
he starts making excuses, and not apologising, and saying he didn’t mean for you
to feel this way, then you know now, what he is thinking.
I doubt he will, if you are true in saying he loves you and makes time for you, then
he’ll be calm, and even wants to know more how you feel.

We’re human beings, we make mistakes, but we cannot read nor can anyone read
one’s mind. So try to avoid being passive.
You need to express your concerns with him right now, and then from there,
evaluate and decide what to do.
Try that and see how it goes from there, and I hope it works out for you.
Communicate always and as often you can about your feelings.
Avoid bottling it inside as he won’t know and it won’t be good for your health and
mind as well. Try to always express your concerns to him whenever you feel
something is not right.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do high school boys want for a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jun 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure. When I was a boy in high school..
1. I am attracted to her and she’s to me
2. No hard play hard games
3. She doesn’t give a damn about much of the social norms
4. Not into the dating rules
5. She’s kind, great to be with and fun to be with
6. Smiles and laughs at my lame ass jokes
7. She loves sex
8. Fuck her like crazy
9. For her to also love anal sex
10. Loves girls as well. I always date bisexuals. More fun that way ;)
11. Go down on her and eat her out until she screams
12. Go out and have fun, you know, holding hands, check out places in city
centre and check out stuﬀ she liked to see
That’s what I wanted when I was a boy in high school.
230 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think you are most known for here on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jun 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m known for..
1. Mythology and legends that are deeply weaved in people’s lives to be…
2. Societally conditioned for most people to believe in the fallacies and
rules regarding this niche topic
3. Ancient rules that are integrated in society regarding this niche topic
4. Psychological scripts many have yet to let go oﬀ on this subject to blame
genders for their own bullshit and who keep making the same mistakes
over and over again.
5. Corporarions and organisation using all this to push their own political
agenda
I’m known to write with…Non-Maintream Dating mindset and process.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What is something you pretend to understand, but really don't?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Jun 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Cars.
Girl - OOoh that’s a ferrari
Me - Yes it is
Girl - F12 changed its name and gained a larger V-12 engine with more oomph for
it’s engine
Me - Yes, it got four wheels
Girl - Awwww, you know a lot but you won’t say
Me - Yes, I know a lot about cars but I’m distracted at the moment
Girl - Oh by what?
Me - Your ass
Girl - OMG! It..
Me - Yes, I know. Escalated as fast as a Ferrari ;)
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

What are the most common lies that people tell themselves?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I’m conﬁdent.
Their behaviour and words contradicts.
2. I have high self esteem.
Their insecure about their body and it all shines out soon enough.
3. Looks don’t matter.
Says the folks banging selﬁes on Facebook and Instagram with soulful angle,
spirtual, pouting lips or winks, or whatever type of poses.
4. Oooh I look at personality ﬁrst.
Says the girl who says no guys approach her but they do, and she means the hot
good looking one’s don’t.
5. Money doesn’t matter. If he’s good, nice blah blah That’s what matters.
Then she dumps the guy after he loses his job and times get tough.
6. I love you more than you will ever know.
Says the girl who after some challenges and who can’t get your dick fast enough,
so she has to release her sexual tension else where ;) to dissappear into some void
of her own game, while being disillusional that life is a game.
7. Friends are for life.
Where are your school friends now? Exactly.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do other girls stare at my girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s natural. Many girls are insecure. Just check out the selﬁes they put on
facebook and instagram for validation, likes. What else they are going to put their
selﬁes on there for?
They’ll already be blocking me right now to hide the fact they do it ;)
The reason she’s getting stares..

1. To size up their own asses
2. Comparing their own tits
3. Measuring their own looks i.e face
4. The hair
5. The style clothes
6. Probably also she’s inspiring them to look after their body.
So it’s mostly comparison.
They do it all time, it’s natural and because mostly women are insecure about
their bodies.
Don’t believe when most say..
“OOoh I am so conﬁdent.”
Believe, they are insecure about their bodies. Even guys do it. They see a guy with
looks or muscles and start comparing but it’s not as obvious.
Girls, always be comparing their looks to other girls.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend has loved me even after all my faults (which are a
lot), but one day she broke up with me saying she can't take it
anymore. Now I know my wrongs and I regret. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do not apologise because words mean nothing. You do not supplicate either
to women and sit down with her or you taking notes.
Forget that.
Instead, you know what you was doing wrong and she also has made faults
herself. It’s not just you that makes a relationship work but her too.
You know the faults or whatever it is. It’s clear as day with you if you’re honest
about it.
Then work on yourself because no words, no action with her will mean anything.
Don’t do things for her or to get her back. She will see it as nothing else but
manipulative and supplicating to her.
Read lots of books.
You will learn and see much of what you need to know.
Work on yourself.
Hit the gym, get disciplined, look after your health, sort your life out and in a year
or so, everyone around you will see the diﬀerence. Even she will and you did it as
a man who isn’t doing anything to impress her but changing your own life.
You need to move on now and focus on your life.
That is far more attractive and far more beneﬁcial to you.
Focus now on yourself and do it quietly.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Does rejection cause someone to lose their romantic interest in
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends. If you rejected him with acting all that and being some bitch to him,
he probably never want anything to do with you.
I have had some as an example said no, but the way they did it was so stupid and
ridicolous, like they thought they are the only women on this planet, that when
they came around a week or ago later, I still remembered how they behaved.
So I said no.
As you can see, it depends how you behaved.
Rejection is hard enough as it is.
It really is diﬃcult and most women who do not approach men have no idea how
much it stings even for one who is conﬁdent.
The conﬁdent can take it because he is willing to accept the fact, there isn’t “the
one,” and continues until he gets a yes but some men, don’t take it like that.
It can hit them really hard that you switch oﬀ the attraction and they see you in a
certain light that if you asked them after saying no, they’ll not bother. In fact, he
will resent the way he was treated.
Some women even ghost a guy but after going out in the world, they date, fuck
and all he rest but ﬁnd the feelings they experience with this one guy, just does’t
happen with all they met. They thnk every guy knows how to do this and ﬁnd not
every guy can but by the time of realising it so, it’s too late.
Damage was done. They ghosted the guy.
They go back to this guy to ﬁnd, he doesn’t trust the woman anymore. Who wants
such a woman even for sex? You won’t want to give such woman to even touch
you after that.
Hiopefully, you beheaved in a polite manner without putting yourself on a
pedestal and starting acting like it’s wrong to ask you out and he hasn’t switched
oﬀ.
If you did act that way, you got a big wall to climb over.
That is why I say to people, to not be hasty.
Step back, say yes, and that you want to know more about the person and see if
you really feel the same, and go out and enjoy time together, and you probably be
surprised to ﬁnd out, you get to fall for someone’s personality.
But also, if you don’t, ﬁne. At least you took a chance to see and didn’t burn a
bridge so hard, that when you want to go back it’s burnt down.
A lot of people do this and then change their mind and most who do it, man do
they go all oﬀ and haughty because someone asked them out and they never get
that chance again with that person.
So yes, it can aﬀect his behaviour.
After all, it’s his ego, his feelings and he will remember how he felt and for him to
suddenly say yes when you do approach, something really big needs to happen.
He needs to really feel it with you.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can I forget my ex boyfriend as I really love him & miss
him desperately?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s ok to love someone and miss them.
Nothing wrong with it. You had a relationship and it seems to be it had positive
for you and so, still cherish those memories. Don’t grow bitter like most do but
also appreciate the reality of it as well.
That you now close that door and see it as memories, you love someone, fair
enough, do so but keep it now to yourself. You don’t need to closing yourself oﬀ
from world and put your life on hold and not be with someone else.
Because believe me, he won’t be putting his life on hold either and plenty of
women, are also like that. Full of talk about how they so want a guy, so want him
to ride him, so into him but they don’t last a month never mind years.
So love him, until you’re sick of it and that time will come, but make sure to avoid
projecting any neccessary stories regarding him to someone else, like another guy
who you will fall for.
Or it will be seen you just still into someone and not really into the guy you will
one day meet, which by the way, many make the mistake of doing.
So nothing wrong feeling what you feel but also live in the reality as well.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why does it take months to get a girl to go out with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Months?
You fell for “she’s the one.” Then another girl will be “she’s the one.” Then
another and another.
But when you stop putting girls on pedestals and then approach and if it’s a no,
you move on, you will discover, that you will get to some girl, a lot faster, who will
say yes, right there and then.
So when a girl says no…
When a girl gives ambigious replies
When a girl plays hard to get
When a girl behaves in a manner you don’t like..
Walk away. Move on.
Keep moving forward and don’t fear failure as it brings lessons to you and you
will get to a girl who will say yes.
Then when you do, you’ll probably fuck up due to neediness or she will fuck up
because she will screw it up due to her forgetting how it felt like when she didn’t
have a guy into her.
Then you move on and do the same again until you get a yes again but this time
you learn to have boundaries.
Then you will probably fuck again as sometimes people don’t learn from lessons
so fast or the next girl might be one helluva drama queen that does your head in
and so you move on.

You keep going and you get a yes and on it goes, until one day, all these
experiences, all these lessons, leads you to a girl who says yes and she’s awesome.
Then you probably forget what it was like to be alone, feeling shit and then she
moves on.
Then you move on again after you wake up from feeling down and depressed to
meet a girl who says yes.
By that time, you so not putting anyone on pedestals, you got boudnaries, you
speak up when you don’t like what a girl says calmly but ﬁrmly, and most of all,
she sees you got balls and self respect.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys ask out girls the way they used to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The fear of rejection is big.
In fact, many guys have social anxieties and now due to the internet, that Primal
drive, in which men tapped into as hunters, is not there as much.
It’s been replaced by complacency, laziness, far more over thinking than ever
before. When you don’t do enough of what makes you a great hunter, sharpens
your instinct, gives you the focus and emotional toughness is not there as much.
The conﬁdence is now lowered to a tiny level.
So today, you won’t ﬁnd many guys approaching girls.
Then you got girls who do want to approach guys but get slut shamed by other
students and they get it from women in general.
Like to see an example?
Go here and see…
How would I start a conversation and how would I carry that conversation with a
random girl at a public place that I’m interested in dating?
Did you see the number 99%.
Crazy huh?
It is when mostly all my friends met their girlfriends in streets, walking about,
city centre not bars, not night clubs and all that social circle bullshit.
Most are also married now with children.
Imagine if I said to them, “99% don’t meet like that.”
99% hahaha. Cracks me up.
So guys get it hard and so do girls too from other women, and also society
that is up their asses with following social norms.
Now imagine girls and guys staring at each other and trying to read each others
minds.
Not fun. It’s frustrating.
So due to the fear of being slut shamed, judged as players, feat of conﬂict,
awkwardiness, rejection….they use the internet, social media and even then, it’s
not easy.
For the conﬁdent guy, it is heaven as they still approach face to face.

But for the guy who is always on his computer, who doesn’t sharpen his skills,
who doesn’t go through the rejections, he will always ﬁnd his resources small and
so will girls too.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can I dress to attract boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You actually don’t need to dress so fantastic…to…attract guys.
You behave in a manner to attract a boy and that’s a big problem with women
these days. They think it’s just about dressing up but if you have a conﬁdent
behaviour, friendly, and you are not doing all those irritating hints…signals…
you’ll do ﬁne.
So it’s your behaviour.
I like you to imagine, 1,000 women….
Out of 1,000 women, 5 don’t do the hints and signals and hope like some princess
the guy will notice they are attracted to them.
It’s not about guys noticing you.
It’s about guys knowing you’re approachable, friendly, not going to snap at them,
start acting like some bitch, snob, like “NO GUY SHOULD APPROACH GIRLS IN
STREET” and waving them oﬀ kind of thing.
Guys do notice you. They notice all women around them. They just act like they
don’t and already seen you in under 3 seconds ﬂat have decided, yes to approach
or no.
It’s ok if you don’t want a guy to approach, but if you do, then you need to behave
as such and show you’re approachable.
Rejection hits hard for anyone.
So imagine….these 5 women are friendly, they smile, they walk a few steps
towards the guy, they say hi and the guy feels these women are approachable.
5 out of 1,000 women and you are one of the 5 women.
You are not from women who scream online and wherever, that to approach is
harrassing women in streets. Guys will also check your proﬁle and your footsteps
online to see what your views are.
So if i’s a guy who knows you he will do his homework and anything can put him
oﬀ especially selﬁes, negativity about life and most of all talking on forums about
why men…shouldn’t approach women in streets.
This is the digital age as well and guys are now savvy with these tools.
So your behaviour in being approachable is going to make you standout so fast
you won’t believe.
You know many guys fear rejection and you know it’s entirely about the way you
dress but your behaviour oﬄine and..yes..online.
It’s not that you don’t exist.
It’s not that you wear makeup or don’t.
It’s not that you are tall or short.
It’s not that you got a pinky hair or ﬂowing long hair.

It’s not even you wear clothes from charity or trendy shop.
It’s because you are..approachable or you’re not approachable. When you
act unapproachable, it doesn’t matter how pretty a woman is. Her behaviour
shows she is..not..available.
That’s what we guys mean being approachable.
You’re head is not down on your phone.
You’re not looking down.
You’re not frowning as you walk.
You see the guy, you smile, you give strong eye contact and smile, and
nudge him to walk over by you walking over a little and he meets you
half way.
The most powerful curve in a woman’s body is…her..smile.
That’s really it.
So here’s what you can do. Ask yourself..
1. What makes you comfortable in clothes wise?
2. Which ones that says this is who you are?
3. What makes you…feel..good?
4. Ok then. Wear that!
5. Now behave in a way so many women don’t.
6. Be..,approachable.
That’s really it.
It’s your behaviour that shows us guys you’re diﬀerent from the rest who play
hard to get, who think they are princesses and we got to do all the work or you’re
not available.
No secret there and you will make it so much easier for guys to approach you.
Those who judge you for it…don’t matter.
Let go of the social mask and you’ll enjoy life far more.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm dating a guy but he's a player. I like him but I don't want to
because I know I'm gonna end up getting hurt. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s your expectations that’s going to hurt you, not the guy.
What’s with the labels “player.”
He’s a man, who likes sex, and he’s been honest about it in his behaviour, so he
isn’t playing. Player, is when a woman says that because she cannot get him to
conform, ﬁxed, changed and then they call him a player.
You knew who he is. A guy conﬁdent in what he wants and he doesn’t want to be
labelled, put in a box and just do what he wants.
He’s being who he is and world around him is playing trying to box him into a
label because they have expectations of their own.
So it’s not that he is going to hurt you.

You’re going to hurt yourself because you’re following a psychological script, in
which you desire such a guy but you now want him ﬁxed.
He cannot be ﬁxed or changed.
He’s a lover not a boxed up, ready, supplicating, ﬁx it boyfriend.
Nothing wrong with what he is doing.
He’s being who he wants to be and he doesn’t care about what people say about
him. He’s glad people call him a player. He’d rather be called that than nice guy,
pretty boy, handsome, gentleman who are all over this place asking questions on
why they cannot get a girlfriend and get laid.
You know, “got to ﬁx the man,” into a “good boy,” doesn’t work and now that you
have realised it so, it’s best to move on.
Better you ﬁnd some guy who is compatible with you, in your expectations,
in what you want and is similar in values.
It’s a lot easier but the moment a woman calls a guy a player, we know what’s up..
“I can’t ﬁx him. I can’t get him to be what I want to be.”
Far easier to be with someone who is already the type of guy you want than trying
to ﬁx someone into this image in your mind.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

We call each other every night. Sometimes she tells me what
other guys try to do. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Set boundaries.
I do it all the time. I say to girls, I don’t want to hear who you’re crushing on, who
you dated, fucked, and so on.
That goes for whoever I am dating.
I make sure that is clear early on and that’s how I don’t go through what many
guys go through. I set boundaries. That way I don’t need to think why someone
does what. I think about my feelings and I make sure it’s heard without fearing of
losing the woman.
Of course, politely. You can say things in a fun, calm and ﬁrm way.
Forget why she does it and ask yourself how you like to be treated. So avoid being
passive and set the boundaries early on or even now.
Just let her know, you’re not interested in hearing about other guys and so on.
If she keeps doing it, remind her again and if she persists, she’s doing all that
attention seeking, jealous games. Then maybe to let her go because she sees
dating and relationship as some game.
It’s that simple.
People no matter of gender will do things for their own selﬁsh reasons and out of
insecurity as well. The way to protect yourself is setting boundaries.
Most don’t due to fear of loss, wanting to be validated and approved.
Better to be with someone who respects your boundaries than someone who
doesn’t, and tries all those games.

Don’t just be the lover but also someone who has self worth, respect that one can
learn from, and understands such things you don’t say and do in relationships.
She may do it because other guys she dated didn’t have the balls to let her know,
to stop doing it.
Be that person who doesn’t put her on a pedestal and gives women excuses that
they talk about everything.
Set your boundaries. Respect your values as no one else will.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date a girl who you believe is beautiful but your
friends consider ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are not my friends who say that.
Friends know the line to not cross. You don’t go oﬀ putting down someone their
friend is dating. Friends will make it easier for you, engaging her to participate
and want to be part of your story.
You need to know yourself and set boundaries.
I think such friends are fucked up and is a reﬂection of the person themselves
who’d even have such friends.
Must be one desperate person to have friends like that. Wanting approval,
validatio from others and to live like that an individual misses a lot in life that
someone can oﬀer because of what others might think.
Let go of the social mask..

You want friends to respect your decision and avoid sharing their own perception
on what they look for as it’s not their business.
It’s important as well for other areas of your life or you will do things that really
isn’t honest and authentic but doing it for nothing more but to seek validation
from social circles.
Choose your friends wisely and have boundaries.
Lots of fake people in this world as it is.
In end of the day, the person themselves will reﬂect the company they keep.
Gives a shit about other people’s opinion on who they date.
That means such a person is like that as well.
Like for like. You are the company you keep.

Sort your own head out and then you’ll have friends who won’t talk shit because
you’re not thinking shit like that either.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why isn't my boyfriend talking to me nicely anymore after I
started forbidding him to have sex with me, kiss or even touch
me every time?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men are conditioned to not show feelings, they go without intimacy, touch,
showing their deep emotional side.
Even taking about sex and ﬂirting is looked down on,
There are things to appreciate for yourself ﬁrst…
It is the responsbility of the woman herself to love her body, to feel her
body, to mastturbate to keep her body in check, letting all her senses, all
her body remember, to not be conditioned to want no sex.
To be able to feel aroused by her own imagination, by her own touches
and by her own emotions in which she knows how to do it.
To be creative with her own body and be sexually conﬁdent.
To also talk to him why you feel this way than just saying no sex without any
communication calmly and lovingly. You just say no sex or you push him
away without even explaining is going to really make him feel shit.
Looks to me you did what most women did. You didn’t take care of your own
psychology and biology, and wasn’t sexually conﬁdent.
Sexial confoidence isn’t just about sex.
It’s about your mind, about your sexual tension, how to create it within you and
so much more. Many womem avoid taking responsibility and expect man to
arouse them only.
Man can do so but it takes a lot of knowledge and specialised skill. I know wha I
do but it has years of knowledge, experience and skill behind it. My shelf is ﬁlled
with knowledge on these matters because I took responsibility for my mind, my
body and sexuality.
The moment intimacy isn’t their for man, including sexually and physical touch
to even kissing, the man is being psychologically and biological getting hurt.
That’s why I walk away when a woman tells me no sex.
I am not going to get her psychological and biological decisions, and if she isn’t
willing to work at it, no point in being in relationship togeher either.
That is why, on the highest list, I am not monogamous and second I am no one’s
property to be owned and be told I cannot date and have sex with other women.
I see it happen a lot with not just women but also men switching oﬀ the sexual
and physical intimacy. Then it just becomes paying bills and living in same
house, nothing else but dead.
The sexual tension is not there and it doesn’t just happen.
When you have the same routine, it is for the man and woman together to be
sexually conﬁdent in being creative in trying new ways together..
It is the role of man and woman, to not switch oﬀ attraction and sexual
tension but to keep pouring gasoline on that ﬁre, with diﬀerent ways.

To invest in knowledge and skills regarding this matter and to keep
growing.
You can start knowing your own body and also seek professional help
with understanding what’s going on with your mind and body.
You can start by doing less pounding sex and ﬁrst go out romantically.
You can start role playing like you don’t know each other and
accidentally meet at some bar and rekindle the excitement and sexual
tension
You can focus for a while just on sexualising verbally in words and ﬂirt
together
You can use only physical touch with massaging, oil and get your body,
it’s skin and mind to remember.
You can learn foreplay and in many ways. Lots of knowledge to learn and
things to try out together.
You can go and see a professional therapist and talk about it and ﬁnd out
what is going on inside you and he will need help as well, because it will
change and eﬀect him.
It takes work.
It doesn’t just happen.
I personally, won’t stay in a relationship where I take someone else’s psychogical
and biological position in no sex and no physically touch.
You can’t expect a guy to be sticking around for too long and though yes it’s your
body but it is also his psychoplogical and biological that’s going to get hit.
You’re not compatible with him and he is not compatible with you, if you’re
unwilling to work this out, get help.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend left me because I told her something about my
past. She says she doesn't want to see my face again. What do I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already did what you wanted to do.
You have low self esteem. You put her on a pedestal. You have a psychological
script that she is too good for you and in fact, you see much of things in life is too
good for you. So you then reinforce your psychological script with behaviour to
make your world predictable.
You now got that predictability.
Self sabotaging the relationship by telling her you stalked her.
What did you expect to happen?
She would fall in love deeply with you?
That she feel respect me for you?
That she will feel safe?
You needed to go to a therapist to deal with it as your girlfriend isn’t a therapist.
You’re girlfriend was your girlfriend not someone to sort out your psychological
issues and insecurities.

You got what you wanted.
Happy now?
You got your comfort zone back. You got your safe place back. You got what you
so believed life is for you, back.
You already did what you wanted to do because you felt unworthy of having a
girlfriend.
You get help by seeking professional therapisr and sort your psychological
baggage and your self esteem.
That is what you do now…
You…move on.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal if my boyfriend doesn't look at me when I'm naked
but watches hot girls on Instagram all the time?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s tired all time?
Is he watching porn movies and masturbating a lot? Or working long hours. Find
out through communication. This is no time for blaming genders. It happens
even with women, not wanting sex.
Best to have a talk with your boyfriend calmly and work together, towards a
solution. Maybe go on holiday together, away from digital/computers.
I think it might help but also talk about kinky sex, what you both can do together,
get it spiced up and build on the attraction. Sit down and create an exciting
bucket list together.
Attraction doesn’t build on it’s own.
It needs work but together.
Spice things up, shake the foundation he is on and get the ﬁre going.
The best way to start is communication and ﬁnd out why is he always tired.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my bf always call me "good girl"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If there isn’t an agreement between you, with boundaries, as you role play and so
you know it’s role playing, and also you’re into kinks, and so on, then you need to
communicate to him.
Personally, I do call my lovers all sorts.
1. Slut
2. whore
3. Naughty girl
4. Little
5. Bitch
And I also..

1. Slap on ass
2. Flog, whipping
3. Handcuﬀs
4. Hair pulling as we have sex etc.
And if my lover is being a naughty girl I will punish her with slap on ass or she
crawls down on her knees, while she wears a collar around her neck with me
pulling the chain.
Or pin her to wall and fuck her right there and when I come home, she be on her
knees, ass up, waiting.
And they call me..
1. Master
2. Daddy
3. Sir
And they love it but it is part of how we are, we love the kinks and it’s part of all
we do. We have fun with it in house, out of house in a discreet way, and turn each
other on.
Teasing and ﬂirting with each other in all kinds of ways but discreetly.
They desired a high sexual dominant man and I desired subimissive high sexual
women when it comes to sex.
Yes, it does spill over a little as well in our lives because we tease as we talk, text,
walk and so on.
The very important key is…
It’s consentual.
Lots of talks have happened before then. Lots of understanding needs, wants,
safety, comfort and boundaries.
And we also go further, example to a hotel where you can hire, hire once in a
while that has things like this…

Including fuck machines and another woman to eat her out and have
threesomes.
Now if that isn’t happening where it is consentual, then you need to step up and
avoid being passive totalk to him…calmly…about it as it’s not consentual.
Don’t even go there with replying to him, “good boy.”
Other people are not in the relationship and they won’t be there sitting with you
egging you on, and be there to support you when shit goes down.
That’s not positive relatonship management.
So be very careful on what advise you take on.
Rather communicate what you don’t like, calmly, and if he doesn’t listen then you
need to decide to move on or not.
He shouldn’t be doing this if it’s not consentual. Period.
It has to be consentual.
That’s the point.

That’s what’s very important.
Not what everyone thinks or what society thinks. It’s what you want and if it’s
consentual.
Have a talk with him.
Communicate your feelings.
Learn how to positively manage relationships.
Learn to reveal your boundaries early on before even dating.
He may even learn from you for doing that.
Men do learn from women too.
Men grow as well because women who are honest and can communicate how
they feel can help a man to grow more. He becomes a better man as well.
If the man does love his lover, he will listen, and he will make her feel
comfortable. He will want her to feel safe.
If he isn’t willing to learn from his lover as well and continues to do this without
your consent, then you may need to walk away.
This world exists but it’s not for everyone.
By the way, I am Arab, not cultural.
Arab is a race not a religion.
Not all Arabs are religious or Muslims. Some are of diﬀerent beliefs and some
don’t follow any belief and culture. They are mingled in society and live a western
life as I do.
See what I mean?
People just give their perception and think all Arabs are religious, Muslims,
cultural and walking around with beards and turbans.
Not so.
Many Arabs own night clubs, Casinos, dance halls, and far into the western life
most think. Some still have the cultural aspect of socialising, food, we like our
food, music, art etc.
5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you think about texting or calling your crush who you
are not sure whether he/she likes you? How sad is it for you if
you are rejected?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why rejection hurts so bad, real bad, is people put so much meaning
to it, so much mportance to it by their behaviour.
It is the…investment…you put into the rejection it that hurts you.
Think about it for a moment.
You invest emotions, times, thinking, feelings, on a girl you don’t know she even
feels that way about you.
So what do you do?
You invest less by going to her fast and get it done.

If rejected, it won’t hurt as much as when you invested tons of time, hours of
texting, talking and all that with her.
So don’t invest too much until you get the attraction phase sorted out. That she is
mutually attracted and behaves in a manner.
So either YES or NO.
Anything else in between you move on. A no, you move on.
You don’t invest anymore time thinking what it means, blah blah. You cut the
investment and move on.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is he still interested in me? Why is he doing this to me? I am sad.
I saw him updating his Tinder bio.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah no.
It was for you to update him because you cancelled. That’s how it works. If you
push it on him, he will see it as you are not that interested.
You needed to change it to another date and time, giving him an alternative but
you didn’t.
You did this to yourself and it’s an easy mistake to do but now he will think that
you wasn’tthat excited because you didn’t suggested a date and time.
You didn’t give an alternative.
That is seen as a red ﬂag to many people and so will I.
It’s basic social relationshop communication skills.
The one who cancels is the one who now suggests an alternative date or it will
look like you lost interested.
Contact him again, take action, don’t leave it. He really does think you’re not
interested anymore.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

I told a guy I didn't like him, but I really do. What do I do now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Invite him over, or call him on phone and say..
“You know, have you felt nervous when you’re so attracted to someone, realiy like
this person, and you want to say YES but your so nervous, and you act silly, you
just can’t help it, all feelings go crazy, like scared and happy at the same time, and
you do the opposite way and you wish you can bang your head on ball for not
being able to say what you REALLY want to say?
Well, that happened with you. I got so nervous, that I just lost it when I really
wanted to say YES, I do like you and not in a friend way, but I am into you. I’m
really sorry. Can we start..again?”
That’s if you like him more than a friend and if not, just change the wording.
Don’t over think it and be hard yourself.
The quicker you do it, the more likely he might trust you. The longer you leave it,
the more he won’t and avoid you.

Just do it and get it over with.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Would guys accept a date oﬀer from someone who once ﬂat
rejected them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very diﬃcult.
You see, it takes a lot for a man to approach a woman. So if the guy approaches
and the woman treats him like shit then it will probably hit him hard.
If he went through an emotional rollercoaster then he will remember this
experience and will stay away. That’s why I keep saying, don’t play games, don’t
do any of the things most young and older women do.
It really creates stress and the guy will remember and he will not want to
experience it again, if he’s a man of high self worth and conﬁdence.
These reason I mentioned are just some of the reason I said no to women, who I
approached and who later approached me.
I remembered what it was like and so they burnt that bridge way back.
If she understood that she can say no but do so politely, and with thanking him
being ﬂattered and all, without leading him on, there maybe a chance.
However, if she said no and then 10 years appeared with 3 babies, and zaped out
of life, he will most likely say no.
No one likes to be second and whether one likes to call this ego, insecurity,
whatever. I live in the real world. It doesn’t feel good and it be a big question mark
on why she rejected him and then appeared later to say yes.
It does depend on the guy as well.
Conﬁdent men, will have moved on long ago and not looked back. They’d have
moved on and in a week have a date.
The only way a woman will know is asking the man out but without hints, signals,
games because that will certaintly confuse him and put him oﬀ even more. May
even judge her as nothing more but seeking attention.
It’s now on the woman to be brave and take the risk of rejection as there is chance
it may happen.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when your boyfriend only ever talks about
sexual things but claims to have feelings for you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means his language is lover and for you to avoid being passive, and lead
sometimes the conversation, to what you want to talk about.
He was like this before, sexual, and so you can’t go oﬀ trying to ﬁx and change. He
has been honest about what he desires from the begining and hasn’t hid it like
most guys do.
I am like that and I am like that from day one, from the begining but that doesn’t
mean I don’t love my lover, but I also don’t take it kindly when girls try to switch
oﬀ attraction and sexual, like it’s not important.

It is and I have said so from day one, it is and it is my language. That is why I
always put a lot of importance on compatibility. I expect the same passion
regarding sex from my lovers but also I engage in their world, passion, life and so
on but…they do it themselves a lot. They lead the conversation as well, they
share, they reveal, they talk about it.
My lover as an example, when she wants to talk about other things, she takes an
active role in it, sharing her world.
If you want to talk about other things then communicate by engaging him into
such things which means you need to take an active role about your world, what
you’re passionate about without entirely switching oﬀ the sexual part.
The moment sexual switches it eﬀects psychological and biological. Keep that
going by sprinkling it in conversation, being fun, but also lead to your world here
and there, and he will…surprise you in engaging in your world.
He cannot read your mind, on what you want to talk about.
There’s nothing wrong in a guy talking about sexual things, he’s into you but if
you want to talk about other things, then take an active role, as my lovers do, and
so I engage them in the discussion, in their world.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a woman who previously wasn't interested, now
begin looking at me and as if she likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“...now begin looking at me and as if she likes me.”
How do you know what is a look that shows interest?
No one does, no matter what most throw at you with all this squinting eyes, hair
ﬂipping, and smiling or staring. Even when a woman touches you, hugs you and
ﬂirts means nothing.
It only means 100% she’s into you when she says so and that is done by you being
proactive than passive.
That’s not the way to do things in dating and really, in anything.
If people did this in business, they’d go bankcrupt real fast. Won’t last a week with
guess work.
So I’m not even going to answer like she’s interested because you are basing it all
on assumptions. Until you approach her, and you ask her out then you’ll know
But for now, it is all in your head.
Facts is how you know. Facts and your mind doesn’t give you facts if you haven’t
approached and asked then woman out.
Forget looking for signals, hints like most passive peiople, which does nothing
more than building a picture in your head.
It’s all assumption and so I would never see this as “interest,” but rather someone
hoping siomething is there.
You don’t hope when it comes to these things. You get facts and you do it by
approaching and engaging.
Or you will waste time and get seriously hurt.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I love a lady that doesn't love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you haven’t shown your intent and secretly spent your time ﬁlling your head
with her, then you made a mistake so many men make.
But if you approached, showed intent but she doesn’t feel the same way, I would
advise strongly to spend your time wisely on someone who feels the same for you.
That means you need to move on.
When you move on, you now have the door open for someone else.
Why put your life on hold on someone who doesn’t love you?
Love is something you cannot force.
People think there is a plan with even attraction, that it happens with science.
Yes, there is some science to it but even then, any who belittle infatuation,
attraction to me, is going to treat others like shit, and use people for nothing more
than for attention and stimulating their emotions.
Love cannot be forced.
it’s very powerful and it is by choice.
The few weeks of infatuation or month is not really a choice but emotions,
admiration and lust but when it gets past that, the person in my eyes, has
seperated herself from all the fucking girls who just want attention.
But love is when…
She made a decision.
A solid one.
It is a choice of committment, no matter what challenge or time diﬀerence and so
on. Of course love isn’t enough. It needs compatibility and both to work at it but
even then, it is far superior than infatUation.
Infatuation, any damn girl can fall for it.
Nothing special until they commit, where you have gone past that honeymoon
phase and in which she isn’t up and down wondering all kinds of shit, creating
drama, one minute she’s there and weeks or months she’s not.
Then the calm comes in which she has truly fallen in love with the man and she is
absolutely committed, no matter what to that man. Where she knows she doesn’t
need to create drama, lies, and all that for your attention.
She just be herself because the man is in love with her too.
You can’t force love.
If she doesn’t love you, walk away and not because of anything but you don’t put
your life on hold.
Life is short. You don’t squander. It’s precious time.
So have some rules and boundaries.
Respect yourself because if you don’t, no one else will.
Move on.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I forget about a girl I really like? I can't move on
because she sends me cute texts that make me want to talk to
her again. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, people always answer their own questions?
They blame the other person because they’re unwilling to take responsibility for
their own behaviour.
From girls bitching about guys using them for sex, to guys bittching about how a
girl just uses them like emotional tampons.
Real status is behaviour.
Girls don’t have their pussy dripping wet and desiring a guy to meet them
because of neediness.
It’s because if they don’t behave in a manner that respects the guy’s boundaries
and do not show mutual attraction verbally and in behaviour, they can go back to
their life that they pretend is soooooooooo exciting.
They know the guy will walk, move on and if they dissappear, kudos. Back to
their shit tedious boring life. It’s ﬁne.
Here is where you answered your own question..
“Because she sends me a cute text.”
You know what to do.
Stop answering her text. Block her.
Done.
Or show intent, let her know you’re attracted to her and let the chips fall where
they may. If you haven’t the balls for that, then you know what to do.
Stop texting back, or let her know you’re not interested and block.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tudor Ana

What is the best thing to do when a girl makes it evident she is
friendzoning you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She hasn’t that power.
It’s simple.
1. I immediately approach and be direct.
2. I show my intent early on
3. She now shows hers. If it’s ambigous reply, I will move on. If it’s no. I
move on. If she plays hard to get…I move on. If she dissppears and fades
into oblivion for weeks, I have moved on.
I don’t orbit around her.
I don’t text her.
I don’t talk with her on phone.
And I don’t go out with her either when I can spend my time on my life.
I also don’t date friends, people in my social circle.

So you won’t see me orbiting around her, giving her any of my time and have her
on a pedestal. It has to be mutual attraction and shown instantly when I
approach. If not, I move on. Done.
There is no zone for me. It is for guys who stay associating with girl hoping to get
between her legs. It’s for guys who don’t respect a girls decision. It’s for guys who
cannot take a no. It’s for guys who have lack of self respect for themselves. It’s for
guys who just cannot understand they are not entitled for a date and nor does any
girl.
It’s simple.
If it’s a no, move on. Done.
Respect her decision as you’d like others to respect yours.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my crush at work nice to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Crush - someone you are attracted to but you haven’t conﬁned into him due e
yout your own fears of rejecton.
Therefore, he is being nice because he works there and yes, some of us get along
with some women in a friendly way and some we can’t be assed with.
What do you want him to do?
Not be nice to you and treat you like you’re nothing?
It’s all in your head.
After all, that is what a crush is. It’s all in your head.
But let’s say he gets a hard on when he sees you and wants some. Let’s say that.
Still…
Take responsibility for your own behaviour and action. No man can get you to do
something and no..I don’t believe this nonsense..
“It just happens.”
Nothing just happens.
So it is irrelevant why someone is nice to anyone because when that is asked, it’s
like people saying they cannot say no to something.
You can and so, whether a guy is nice, whatever, if something does happen, you
can say no, and you can also avoid putting yourself in a situation.
Like most girls when their ex calls them and they go and fuck and then say they
didn’t know that would happen.
What does one expect will happen?
Or they go in car of a guy or a guy’s house, or whatever.
So you forget about why he does things and focus on your own behaviour and
take responsobility for your own sexuality.
I’m not taking about morality. I am talking self resonsibility.
I’m talking about women need to stop blaming guys regarding sex, and just own
your sexuality.

Forget the hints, signals that might not even be there and just take care of your
behaviour. Don’t put yourself in a situation.
That’s why I never cheated, never hurt someone when dating, and any of what
most do. I don’t put myself in these situations and I own my sexuality.
You’d never ﬁnd me after having sex with a woman to say..
“Oh, it just happened, I didn’t know she invited me into her
house/car/shower/dinner/ that it be sex.”
Of course I knew. I put myself in that situation because I wanted it to happen.
I take ownership of my sexuality.
I don’t go oﬀ saying “she used me.”
Know yourself and forget trying to know someone else.
It’s hard enough for my mind to sort out my thinking, never mind reading
someone else’s mind.
Works wonders when we take ownership of our behaviour and sexuality.
So you know what you want. You know what you are facing. You then know the
pain that can be caused on someone else like his wife.
Then don’t put yourself in the situation.
Make it very clear if he tries anything to say, “No. You’re married. Hands oﬀ.”
Diﬀerent if he and his wife have an understanding, they are poly but even then,
would you want to start anything so close to home like a job?
882 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Maria Gomez

This girl keeps sitting next to me and saying nothing, but she
watches what I am watching or doing on the computer at
school. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you have a wild imagination and you so want something to be
happening. You’re head is ﬁlled with stories like those Hollywood and Bollywood
movies, and then choose your music, whether hindi, rock, punk, garage or
orchestral symphony type in the mix.
You know, one of my mates asked me a question way back when I was in college.
Him - How the fuck do you get so many dates man? How?
It’s a secret you see.
I rarely tell it because I know, out of 1,000 people I say it to, probably 2 people will
just go and do it because they haven’t got as much shit in head as most have.
So I get up in class. In the middle of the fucking class and walk right up to this girl
and I say to her..
Me - Hey, have you spare pencil
Girl - Erm yeah.
Girl - (Gives me a pencil)
Me - (Take out a bunch from inside my jacket and add hers to mine)
Girl - But why did you ask if you got a bunch of them?

Me - You’re slow huh? I’m making excuse to say hi cause I am into you, and if
you’re not the play hard to get, and got more than your looks going for yah, we
can talk after class. Have some fun (winik)
Tutor then walks in and so I walk back to my table and my frend’s jaw is open and
looking at me like I’m crazy.
Did anything happen?
Nah. Didn’t happen.
But it did the 6th time with another girl who was far more attractive, smarter, fun
to be with and there we go.
Then…she got interested but by then I wasn’t interested.
The secret you see is…
1. Never looks for hints except if you are Professor X but you know as well
as everyone here, he’s ﬁctional. You can’t read people’s minds.
2. Never look for signals. Except if you’re studying to be a traﬃc dude or in
working in airport signalling planes to move forward etc.
If you’re not any of these two, stop ﬁlling your head with stories and approach the
girl. Talk, converse, ﬂirt and get it rocking.
The world will not end if you get rejected.
All your friends will dissppear soon.
No one in that class will remember you.
You only rememeber that one girl years later if you have a boring shit life in
future, never dated many girls, and so, of course you think about this one girl.
No one gives a shit when approach but it be good gossip for them and if you’re
similar to me, who knows all of them fear something, so they are not all that, you
won’t care.
Plus, you’ll give her a story to tell because he life, believe what I say here, her life
will so damn boring she be talkng about it to her mates till sun down, till months
go by and even further.
That’s how boring, tedious, shit most girls life is.
They just pretend it is all glorious with their photoshopped photos on facebooks,
instagram or hiding the real deal on how their life really is.
Just approach and forget putting her on a pedestal.
Forget hints. Signals.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to ask out a girl on the second/third meeting or after
I get to know her and become her friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m going to share why you do it now.
One of my friends liked a girl and I didn’t know. I had these incidents often. So
now I say to my friends..
“If I am dating a girl you didn’t approach, don’t blame me for your lack of balls.”
This incident happened years back..

I came to visit my friend. He needed help. Left one of his works at home so I came
to get his keys, go and get it or he’ll be in trouble later. He did the assignment but
he didn’t realise he didn’t put it in his bag.
As I was there, I saw a girl and she looked real diﬀerent, not trendy clothes, not
like most girls, but diﬀerent, old soul type.
AND I LOOOOOOOOOOVE these type of girls.
They got something magic about them, tender, but also they have knowledge, see
life diﬀerently, mature outlook in life.
So for me, the crappier the clothes, the more turned on I get.I don’t know why. It’s
just the way it is with me. The crappier, baggy, not interested in clothes, fashion,
the more attractive I see in a girl.
I went up to her, ﬂirted, we laughed, had fun, and then I said to her, that a lot of
guys see an attractive woman and are attracted to her, and to not get me wrong,
that she is attractive but I really like to know what else there is about her, and let’s
meet, have drink, walk and get to know.
We exchanged numbers, I go oﬀ afterwards to meet my friend.
5 days later, and through it, I am dating this girl, we had sex many a times at my
place and we went out.
So here I amwaiting at cafeteria with….my…friend.
She walks in and she walks right over to me. kisses on my lips and then sits on my
lap with my arms around her.
That’s why…you don’t wait!
I only knew later on and he was pissed but I said to him, it’s his fault for not
having the balls to approach and no girl is anyone’s property anyway.
So to you…
You’re not the only guy in town.
Why would you ever think you’re the only guy in town?
So you take action now, and she is either attracted to you or not. If not, move on.
If so, great, Move forward with it.
Or you might ﬁnd out you’re doing all that work, pretending to be friends when
you’re into her to ﬁnd later out she’s already dating a guy, or she isn’t into you in
that way.
So forget being passive and just get on with it.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I let my ex know he's a hypocrite of the highest order?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“He talks about not creeping out women in tech but he cheated on his girlfriend
(didn't apologise and fucking bragged about it), who was a long time harrassment
victim in an engineering college.
Does this make him extra-sensitive to the troubles of women?”

Holy shit, you think he’s got problems!

You’re still in touch with him after knowing all that?
Forget that.
Move on and leave him be.
No one likes anyone telling them stuﬀ like that. No one.
If you don’t like the person, move on and let them be to do whatever in their life
because if you do say it, it only bring a whole heap if shit back to you.
Or the person will ignore you and they’ll move on.
I don’t know why you’re still in touch with him if you feel that way about him.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do family members try to break up a relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Family. Especially sister in laws.
They want to protect their own.
My sisters are like that and then it needs a man to be strong, set boundaries. It’s
not his sister that’s really the problem. Also they may want attention but they also
know I am an introvert so they hardly ever do that anyway.
She’s is doing the natural thing and maybe it’s her personality too and she cares
for her brother or neediness for his attention.
It’s her brother who needs to set boundaries with his sister but if it bothers him, If
he’s ok for his sister to call and all that, well that’s his sister.
Focus on him, let the calls happen and don’t let it bother you. Let it not change
how you see and behave with your boyfriend.
Sisters can be protective but also jealous, the time they had with him is now being
given to another girl.
So it be mostly that, attention. The attention has now gone somewhere else and
so now the chase is on to get it back kind of thing.
As you can see it can be diﬀerent kind of scenerio now.
But if it bothers him, he’s the one to set the boundaries.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Shayna

A girl wrote to me in social media. I like her but I don't know
what she looks like. How should I react if she shows me her pic
but she's not my type?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stay calm. Relaxed. Promise nothing. Just enjoy the experience of knowing
someone. Not every girl to be seen for dating, relationship and sex.
Let it happen naturally without expectations.
Just enjoy the experience, chatting, and also learn how to do it. It’s good
experience but don’t fall head over heels and promising what you cannot deliver,
and without photo if you’re into “body type” kind of thing.
So relax, enjoy getting to know someone.

As long you don’t give some expectations you cannot deliver which many do. If
photo is important to you, say nothing to make her feel you’re into her, just be
friendly, and don’t spend too much time with her.
Be busy with your life and if she shows photo, and if mutual attraction is there,
fair enough but ease up on all this expectations talk.
Be mature about things.
You know photo is important to you, body type, fair enough, Nothing wrong with
that but slow down then, don’t say things to make her feel you’re into her. Just get
to know her and get to know other people, and if photo shows, and you are into
her, well, then move forward at that point.
Relax. Breathe ;)
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most awkward conversation you have had with
your parents?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son

Answered Jun 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I was minding my own business, sitting watching TV and my parents walk in
and then they act weird. They sit on settee opposite me, staring at me, and I can
feel it and so I turn round for them to say..
Dad - Let him see
Mum - (hands me a small photo)
Mum - What you like? She looks so nice, pretty.
Dad - Yes, and…she is close to our other relatives too
You know the talks about the bees and all that?
Well forget that….
This is another level.
This is the talk right here and when that happens for most guys in Arab families,
religious type families, strict families, families following some culture set rules, if
you haven’t balls…you are literally done for.
If you don’t know how to maneuver around this, you’re done!
The idea is, you are in their home, under their roof and so…you are…completely,
untterly, at the mercy of your parents.
Oh and if you talk all that..
“Yeah but we got the law..”
I will say, “You have no idea about how it goes down in our culture and as a teen,
even if you’re not in a strict religious family, cultural family. Or you forgot somehow
what it’s like to be be young and living at home with parents!”
So they got you by the balls lads!
They got you by the tits girls.
You’re under their roof.
What do you do?
I am looking at the photo and then looking back at my parents, back at the photo
and back at them.

My introvert mind screaming, it’s awkward, I am trapped, hell has come, the end
of my life, the end of days, DOOMSDAY!
Yes, we introvert are so damn dramatic, hahaha.
We make something small sound like horriﬁc nightmare and that’s when nothing
happened yet.
But you see, I had a plan!
It was more of a misdirection.
You know how it is. You girls do it all the time and think guys don’t know what
you’re doing hahah.
So I went for it..
I dig into my back pocket and hand them a photo. No, not like you got today. It
was one of those Polariod type, of a girl I was dating.
Mum - WHO IS THIS?
DAD - SHE’S WHITE!
ME - Yes and..she’s…Christain
And right there, in that moment, hell broke lose.
It was Armageddon
Suddenly Dad blames mum and mum blames Dad for how they didn’t spend
enough time with me. How they didn’t send me some private religious school.
How they didn’t beat me enough.
On it went as I got up, sneaked out, took my trainers, didn’t even put them on
and…RAN oﬀ into the park to put my trainers on.
Went to my girlfriends house, well ex-girlfriend, and she said.
Her - So what’s new?
Me - Nothing. Just same shit. Hey, wanna go for ice cream
Her - Oh yeah, love ice cream!
Here’s the best part…
My brother is married to a white girl
My other brother from diﬀerent culture
My sister to an indian
Our nieces and nephews are diverse and I love each one of them.
Sometimes, the more you try to control, the more you realise you got no control
whatsover. From all of us together, it’s very diverse, multi-cultural.
If we came together as family which we do sometimes, you’ll see so diﬀerent
beliefs, races, culture and we embrace each one as our fellow human being.
Sometimes I am at a church. Sometimes at a sikh temple. Sometimes I am sitting
with one relatve who doesn’t believe in god at all but all I see is…family.
In other words..
We have evolved from the thinking our parents had.
Sometimes I wonder, if we can have a world just like that.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys stop having interest after a year without contact?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if it’s a girl or a guy.
it depends on how it was left. If a girl just ghosted the guy, if she just wasn’t
patient enough and dissappeared, if she wasn’t good for her word, if she was
drama queen all time, then maybe not.
But if you left in good terms then there’s a higher chance.
Personally, for me, I know life happens, people come and go, I’m very consistent,
but I don’t bank on other people, especially girls to be so until we meet, until we
dated, until we have been in relationship, then I might know her more.
So I expect in this world today, where it’s fast, want it now, most people move on,
in and out of crowd.
But it looks like he is still feels something for you and you need to, if you’re local,
to move it to meet face to face, and not leave it long.
He’s now seeing, if you’re attracted to him too and also how much. Show him how
much, ask him out for a drink, ﬂirt, do whatever, because if you’re local, I’d meet
fast. If it’s long distance, at least let him know you’re attracted to him. Bring up
menories of past, rekindle the feelings again, and then move it to meet up later in
future.
Just this time, be patient, keep connected, don’t leave it too long to connect. Even
if life gets in the way, keep in touch with the guy as that’s how we know we can
trust you for the future.
Keep it ﬂowing back and forth.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ever get over a guy that made you feel crazy about him
like nobody else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, when you realise, the grass isn’t greener, and that’s the problem. People get
attracted to someone, and then when infatuation fades, they think…
“OOoh, I wasn’t into the guy..”
Not really.
It’s because attracttion also takes work.
If you don’t work it, or don’t know how to, don’t water it, if you’re not constant in
building attraction and just focused on emotional stimulus, well, it will fade. It
was only then for validation, approval and not nurturing the connection.
Many girls do that and then fade away after they invested tons of hours and
conversations with guys on text. They just there for emotional stimulus and you
will ﬁnd they are not reliable or good with relationships.
Most people don’t get it, most never will, but when you want something, you
make it work, you work it, you build on it but most don’t know how, so they move
on. They want that New Relationship Feeling = Infatuation.
It doesn’t take one person but both to do it but if one person doesn’t work it, then
it all falls apart.

So yes, you will feel something, not because he’s manipulated or anything. None
here know the guy, and just projecting their own past experiences and reality
onto yours, and that’s the problem you see, when you ask people.
They’ll tell you their experience and with it will come one’s own baggage,
probably pain, regrets and so on.
You’re going to be still thinking about him, he’s in your memory, but if you’re
monogamous, well, you’re now with someone else and he probably moved on,
after 4 years and dating someone else.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys mind if a boney girl sits on their lap?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Who is the guy? We’re are not all the same.
And yes, I care if a girl, whether she’s bony or not, hot and sexy or not, short or
tall. If she isn’t my lover nor we have had this attraction rapport and so it’s
mutually, then…
I’ll make sure she lands on her ass on the ﬂoor.
Just because it’s a girl, woman; they don’t go oﬀ sitting on my lap.
So yes, I do care.
She can do that shit and play games with someone else and if it’s a friend woman,
same applies. She’ll be on ﬂoor, ass ﬁrst.
That’s me.
Other guys might be diﬀerent.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a woman says that everything about you annoys her, what
does that mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, you need to tell her to move her ass out of your life and take her
stinking attitude with her as well.
Or if you are in her environment, walk away and never give her the time of day,
not a second to her again.
I don’t care if it’s hormones, had a hard life or insecurities.
Time to set boundaries and don’t let anyone including women talk to you like
that and think their pussy is some holy grail to talk like that.
Move on, and don’t give her anymore time.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy says he doesn't care about a girl’s relationship with
other guys, knowing she didn't ask him for his opinion, what
does that mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s no details on the context so I am going to assume..

He probably said it because you might have talked about it, and if so, it is a
warning to you, to cut that talk out. Far too many girls talk about who they are
crushing, who they had sex with to guys and guys don’t want to hear that small
talk.
It’s annoying.
It actually doesn’t do much good but make a girl look desperate for attention,
seekig validation. That’s if you have been talking about these things.
If you have….he’s sending you a message to cut it out and he’s not bothered about
it. He’s not interested in hearing it. If you say it again, he’ll switch oﬀ or probably
ignore and talk about something else.
I am just assuming as there is no details at all with the question.
If you didn’t do what that which most insecure girls do to pinp their image up, or
trying to make a guy jealous, or trying to get his attention which will actually
work reverse as it is a turn oﬀ…..then he probably saying to you, he’s not the
jealous type. He’s not going to judge whatever you do in your life
It’s an opinion and people give it whether you asked for it or not.
There’s no context so we can only assume.
Best to ask him.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I cope with the fact that hot guys get in 30 minutes
what I may get in months of dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re right in that MOST women do.
Most…women do drool over good looking hot guys.
Most women will think as they see one “I so want to ride his dick.”
Most women will throw their pants oﬀ for a guy who is rich.
Most women, will get fucked in ass and ride his dick, if he is a super star,
someone famous.
Most women who are attracted to such, will try to ﬁx him, change him
but fail later on. That’s why most women go for the challenge.
Most women will have aﬀairs with a power politician.
Most women, will also fall for a guy who is a Narcisstic, psycho because
they into that type of guy due to their own neediness, phscological script
and all that “mysterious” bullshit.
And when he has fucked them over and I seriously mean, treated them
lke shit, they will still want to meet him again when he calls and tell you..
“OOoh, I just want to ﬁnd out why he wants to meet me and what’s it
about.”
They know. He wants sex and treat them like shit.
Most women cannot help themselves and cry all day that all men are
bad, but really they hope they can change the guy.
Most women will fall for a guy without him saying a word due to his
looks, which is the status she looks for, because of what it will look like to

her friends, relatives, social circle, online and oﬄine, etc.
Most women will because most women are insecure about their own
bodies, own looks, and compare themselves to other women, and so of
course, they’ll go for the look. Most that it is.
Most women and men, who are who not honest, probably pimping their
own image to masses at any given chance they can get, will bullshit you
to say it doesn’t happen. Yes, they too got their own needs, whatever
their needs and wants are.
It’s all around us so and we have plenty of examples to see that fact.
So it doesn’t help when people tell you it’s not so.
That’s how it is in society because if they do…it reﬂects on who they are…to
women/men here and out there, so people say it in some wisdom, motivational,
self development, like it cryptic to appeal to the masses and other women, and
men.
There is no denying it. It happens.
And in general, in a sense of when you put whole population together, then yes,
most women will go down their knees and suck his dick, and it will have fuck all
to do with social skills, communication skills, nada, zip, nothing but what they
see.
In fact, every week, I hear women say about such guys..
“Phowwww! I won’t mind having a bit of that.”
I’ve seen women even in libraries, see a hot good looking guy, and stare, stare,
and whisper to their friend, and stare some more, like he’s the only guy in the
library of 70 people who are there.
It happens in this world.
And mummy, daddy, writers, to bloggers, who want to appeal to the masses will
tell you it doesn’t ever happen because of looks, that women never sleep with a
guy due to his looks and want sex with him.
Hot good looking guys do get women and have sex far faster than
most who haven’t the looks. It has nothing to do with social skills.
it’s to do with status they see in that person and how it reﬂects them
in the world, the meaning they want in the world they live in.
And the women who do go for them are not sluts, whores, too easy but women
who desire them. That is their preferences.
But there are many women out there who go for other type of guys as well.
Just watch it with women who try to ﬁx and change a man.
You’ll know them, as they’ll act sexual in begining and then later…change 360
degrees and avoid ﬂirting, and doing all they did in the begining.
That is when you know a woman is now trying to ﬁx you, being a white knight,
coming to the rescue, to ﬁx the “bad boy” into a man she wants, and becomes
very manipulative, up and down…hot and cold.
Now you know that it does happen, what are you going to do?
1. Increase your averages by 10 folds….
2. Hit the gym, eat good, sleep good and you don’t need to be huge. Just
good enough to look good and healthy. The growing doesn’t happen in

the gym, but afterwards with diet and good sleep. Train good but also
take care of the rest that makes the growth.
3. Next, make sure the look is sorted and by that I mean the style of your
clothes. That gives you the edge even further.
4. Make sure you have high standard of grooming. That’s teeth, nails, and
don’t believe a fuck what women say regarding personality.
If you’re not groomed well, even teeth, they will perceive many things
negative about you, such as laziness, bad habits, ill health and so on.
Lots of it is visual subcommunication ﬁrst, and they love to deny that too
and so do most men who like to feed you with their fodder to appeal to
the masses.
If you don’t believe me, wait when a girl online is hooked with you and
then tell her this AFTER she said she loves you, so into you, want you to
pin her to wallk and fuck her in anyway you want…
“I got bad teeth..”
I promise you, she will behave weird, then become distant, and then lie
she is busy, then dissappear back to the hole she came from and all that
about “personality,” goes out of the window.
That is the reality.
5. Next…you need to relax, don’t be bitter about men or women who
succeed in anything no matter if it’s a job, wealth, and women/men.
Instead, be happy people are getting what they want. Always be happy
that someone is getting what they want as it creates a positive energy in
this world of ours. Avoid hate, avoid envy, jealousy and saying that the
reason you are not successful is because of them.
That is not true. You need to see the reality and then embrace the work
that needs to be done to boost your own sexual appeal which means, you
need to work on all areas of appearances, conﬁdence and skills because if
you’re not hot good looking, you will need to do so.
It’s people living so don’t think bad about their success.
Let go of the envy because you got work to do and work that will get you
results. You have no time to over think, get upset about it as it takes you
time to do this and will take away from you putting the time in now.
6. Invest in emotional toughness. Forget about over thinking. You need to
approach just to ask for directions, get used to approaching, get that
mind of yours working and up the stakes to do diﬀerent drills.
So for a while just approach and ask for direction.
When comfortable, ask directions about something else.
Start with average looking girls until you are comfortable. Just approach
and talk. Approach and talk and…detach from the outcome. This is
learning not getting to date and have sex etc.
Engage consistently many people, from shop keepers, cashiers, use
whatever around you to approach and talk.

Until you feel comfortable and up the stakes further and try conversing
with girls who do intimidate you. Keep going. It will help to develop your
social instinct.
7. Invest in the social skills.
8. Invest in conversation skills.
9. Invest in knowledge about people, human behaviour
10. You need to be better at the social skills, conversaion, and social
dynamics because when you haven’t got the hot good looks, you need to
then be better at areas like I mentioned.
The hot good looking can aﬀord not to learn as much but you cannot.
You must boost your averages and you will in time.
You have to do more than what any hot looking guy will do. That is life
but it will make you stronger, wiser, smarter and valuable.
Forget dating. Forget sex. Forget relationship.
Do this for 6 months - 2 years.
You must be consistent as this is training you to be strong mentally and
emotionally, and you get your mind working diﬀerently.
See the world not how you want it but how it is.
If you embrace the reality then you can move forward to get better in building
your averages to become high in sexual appeal.
But yes, bellieve…most women do see a guy who is hot good looking and want to
ride his dick and he don’t need to say a damn word.
You saw it in school.
You will in college
You will in university
You will in your job
For the hot good looking, that’s how it is but for you, you need to do more work,
and that is the reality but it will be work that will make you stronger in every way
possible for whatever you desire to achieve.
It will increase the attractivenes in other ways that women look for and even
attractive women.
It will also make you healthier in body and mind, and in life in general.
And if it’s women for a fuck ….there are women who desire just that and nothing
else but that. The world is ﬁlled with diﬀerent people with desires.
Ir’s all there but you must be ready to meet such a world.
I am not going to bullshit you.
And yes, I know this won’t get hundreds and thousands of votes, but I don’t write
to appeal to masses but to write how it is in the real world.
That is the reality.
Embrace it without bitterness and knuckle down to do the work.
8.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kate Haley

So I have a friend, he is a cool guy. But he smokes. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is it a deal breaker for you?
If it is, then you can ﬁnd someone else. If it’s not, then there we go, date him.
There are other things you’ll ﬁnd in other people are far worse, like verbal abuse,
physical abuse, manipulating jack ass, to even someone who ghosts you later on
after desiring your attention and they dissappear.
So it depends what you want.
He probably ﬁnd something about you as well, that’s a deal break later on in
relationship if it ever comes to it, that you date.
Cool guy are cool for a while until you get used to the coolness. If that is all you
see, him being cool, then hey, don’t worry.
You’ll walk away after a while and probably done him a favour, because most girls
who see us guys as cool, exciting, see only sexual appeal, rarely ever see who we
are deep inside and we don’t let them, until we meet and date, and be in
relationship.
They usually like to ﬁx us, and we usually ﬁnd ourselves lose the attraction we
had for them. It happens when girls try and ﬁx, manipulate and even switch of
attractio and ﬂirtation for too long.
It rarely lasts with such girls.
They are as impatient as fuck and put us on pedestals that they always say how
we are too good for them and it just gets too much because we look for girls who
believe in themselves.
In other words, such girls, are users to pat their ego and stimulate themselves but
when a challenge comes along, when they ﬁnd they have to wait for a guy, then
they aren’t that special anyway.
Girls who go for coolness only, are dime in a dozen,
They fade like a ghost when they see it takes some work and patience.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys care about girls’ feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl fell, got hurt, or something is up, then it’s not that I care because she’s girl
but rather it’s my nature to see if I can help.
You know, I care about people, human beings.
For example, I saw a girl sitting at bus stop crying her eyes out. I was also wanting
to catch a bus as I missed the last tube train.
So I sat down and asked what’s up.
She didn’t say anything at ﬁrst and so I said..
Me - Look. I’m not asking you to take advantage, so what’s up?
She turned round, told me her boyfriend of 2 years split up withn her, had an
argument.

Me - Ok. So look. If you’ve been together 2 years, give it a few days, don’t throw 2
years away and do something crazy. Wait. Some guys get so attached to a girl and
they ﬁrst forget how you met, how hard it was, how rare these connections happens.
So wait for a couple of days, he will text you and just let him talk.
Anyway, bus came, and went on and stayed away from her.
Girls at that stage are vulnerable, so the world will be snapping at her feet like
she’s some sweet fruit to be eaten by the crowd who can smell her vulnerability
and pounce.
3 weeks later I was at the shopping centre.
I felt a tap on my shoulder.
It was a guy and he thanked me. I was a confused.
Thought it was some Youtube prank but then…I saw the girl smiling, waving and
then she walked over beside him. It was the girl..who was crying.
He did call after all.
So yes, I do care if I see someone upset but it doesn’t have to be a girl, it can be a
guy, it can be a dog injured, it can be a cat looking tired, under nourished, it can
be some woman who dropped her shopping and her stuﬀ went all over the place
and needs help. It can be a guy fell oﬀ his bike or got stuck.
I care a lot more when it’s my lover.
I care about how she feels, how if she’s upset, if she’s ill, if something upset her at
work, or studies, and if I said something or did something to hurt her, and
sometimes I can be very clumsy and say thing and not realise I said something to
hurt.
If I ﬁnd out I’ll apologise for it.
Or if she’d not eaten well and or she got some craving for something which can
make a girl go up the wall. I love cooking anyway or she needs help with
something urgent and she ran out but can’t go out herself, due to pains etc.
So it’s rarely about girls but rather I see a human being.
It’s my nature.
I’m going to care about the world I am in, and sure, the world is big, and I can’t do
much for world, but I can if I see something in front of me.
So in that sense, yes.
But that doesn’t mean people send me messages with their stories and I’m going
to help. I’ll tell you to pay for my time. So don’t anyone abuse what I say here as
an opportunity to think one is entitled for my time or a reply.
I also know that part of the world and I am ready for it ;)
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why should I be alive if life is meaningless? I have been living
for quite some time now, and I don’t seem to see a reason why I
should stick around.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You might want to read this..
Adam Taha's answer to What is the meaning of life in 5 words?

Life only gave the opportunity to…create your meaning.
It is your empty canvas and you are the artist, the designer of your fate, the
captain of your ship, the master of your soul.
It is for you to create the meaning.
And if you don’t, then life the way nature is, has it’s own way to ﬁlter you out and
it doesn’t care. Nature doesn’t care.
It only cares about reproducing.
Therefore, if you do not give, if you don’t create, reproduce then life will shut it’s
doors on you as it gave you the opportunity and you threw it in it’s face. Not that
it cares and it won’t babysit anyone.
It will just do what it has always done - reproduce.
It will give someone else an opportunity and the cycle goes on and on.
For example..
I am bored.
Then you are not challenging yourself enough to build something that
isn’t just about you but about the people around you, so give.
Be busy doing that.
I am always unhappy.
No one is ever happy everyday, every second. To be happy most of the
time, do what you love to do, with the people you like to associate with,
for the cause you are passionate about or makes you feel alive.
I haven’t got any friends
Then be the friend to all around you because when someone says that,
they are saying they can’t be assed to do the work, it takes time, it takes
investment, yes it can be a hassle to step out of your comfort zone and
you might get hurt, as people come and go.
I am unemployed and have no job.
You have time to develop yourself, gain new skills, go and help some
organisation, pack your CV with experience, or challenge yourself to
learn something new, to change your career or make what you have into
something this modern world needs right now.
Life feels meaningless.
Life never came with a meaning. You create the mean. Life is but the
opportunity. You see earth, this is the world, so go out and create the
meaning, give, be friends with people are feel alone, go and visit then
elderly, go and talk to the ill, give some love, give some time, go and read
to someone, go and give and create your meaning.
And so, aged 15 years old, as I sat outside as voice inside me answered all my
questions and I got up and I went and created the meaning.
Create the meaning, don’t wait for it, hoping for it.
Create it.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What's Adam Taha take on dating Russian or Ukrainian ladies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are other people’s opinions, other people’s perceptions.

Dangrous to assume anything in life like that.
I remember, how I use to hear how the British is this and Americans are that.
Black, white, and on it went.
You know a lot of negativity and sterotyping.
I also heard, what you heard as well, regarding Russian women, and many other
women of diﬀerent countries.
I’ve also heard about these guys are players, these guys are assholes, these guys
are jerks, these girls are loose, these girls are sluts, whores and so on.
I use to hear, that you don’t approach women in bars, night clubs, shopping
mauls, streets, and on and on it goes.
Many things. Too many to mention.
I also heard an introvert is socially awkward, can’t talk and shy.
Do you see me shy, socially akward?
I didn’t fall for what many did and nor do I even piss my life away taking ideas
from zodiac signs, and when I was born, and trying to believe compatibility of
stars. I broke these rules so far and I have amazing relationships with all these so
called stars signs that supposedly said it be so diﬃcult with such and such type of
people.
It is diﬃcult for people who are insecure, live in the known all their lifes and say
they want to grow but stay put in then comfort zone.
So you have to watch it with what people say and even in mainstream media,
news, magazines and gossip.

Personally, I found for all this to be false and much of it is down to knowledge,
socialised skills, emotional strength, conﬁdence and non-neediness.
it wasn’t easy because I had to do the approaching, go through a lot to learn,
apply, discover much of myself as with the reality of attraction in the real world. I
did what most people talk about, ra ra about on facebook, on quora, on instagram
and social circles.
I didn’t talk and went and did it.
Anyone can talk about it, write about it and tell everyone what cannot work, what
works, what’s wrong in then world and what is right.
I maybe an introvert but I am a doer, a go getter, action type of man.
Much of what people said cannot work, has worked for me and how dating white
or black, or rich, and add other negativity, opinions but all it is, is someone else’s
opinions and reality.
Much of what I learnt later as false came from learning specialised knowledge
and putting in the work most fear to do. I understand. I have empathy but I’m not
going to compare myself to what others can’t do and can’t have.
My enemy inside is introversion but also a friend:
I can over - think
My introvert side likes predictability.
This side of me like sameness

This part of me doesn’t like the unknown.
It doesn’t like the uncertaity.
It wants to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness
This side of me which I slapped hard and made sure it doesn’t happen,
talks big but does nothing. Most introverts love talkng abou changing the
world. They get so detailed about it.
But they can’t even sort tjemselves out which by the way where i was as a
teen, so I made sure I wasn’t like that. I went and did it in my own way, in
my corner, in my little world.
You can also be a sucker too and unfortunately, many introverts are
supportive types, trying to help lots of people, friends. They don’t
balance it well because they needy for attention, to feel important and
always ﬁsh for compliments about their looks, who they are but cannot
take it when it comes from conﬁdent people who do shower admiration
consistently.
Their insecurities, their fear, over thinking, suspicioun takes over and
they listen too much to some friends, close ones who by the way can be
more fucked up than them.
You can ﬁnd yourself drained, without your life and rationalise it’s
brotherhood, friendship, saving the world, you’re a nice person, got to be
there, you’re doing the right thing and all that morality stuﬀ, which is
ﬁne, but your mind is your crown.
You let it open to lots of negativity, drama, and you poisoning your mind.
It will change you in the long run, bank on it!
You also forsake putting far more eﬀort in your studies, in your goals, in
your dreams and soon you will see, when you are 25 years old, you could
have achieved far more, build lots of resources but not only did you hurt
yourself doing this, you also hurt your own legacy and make it diﬃcult if
you want children in the future because the resources you build, they
beneﬁt as well!
Is your brotherhood, your friends, going to help your children for
education fees? Is your friends going to help when you are in trouble as
taxes rise, as inﬂation kicks oﬀ, as prices go up because these will never
stop no matter what politicians say.
Your friends, associates won’t give a shit about how their words, their
stories, their experiences is polluting your mind and so you need to be
responsible and need to make the tough decisions. You cannot save
people. You cannot ﬁx them. They got to do that themselves.
So I had to do a lot to overcome the part of my personality that will hold me back.
It has it’s beneﬁts but it also has a lot of pain in the ass draw backs.
I was unwilling to live like that and believe like most introverts that people out
there don’t understand when I can be better at communication, be better in
myself on how to express and in doing so, I bathe now in the abundance of the
rewards.
It wasn’t easy. I had to go back and forth, up and down but I am passionate about
self development not for the world and expectations of the world.
But for myself and the more I build resources, the more I can do what most
cannot, the more I am valuable to those I care about and if I have more children, I

know they will beneﬁt in what I have, as I don’t believe in making it diﬃcult and
try to teach some lesson by not giving them the tools to succeed.
You always hear fear talking.
You hear it on News. You hear it on he radio. You see it on headlines. You see it
online. Wherever you go it’s there.
But when you understand that our brain is always on high alert, always
suspicious, always not trusting then you empathise with people if they went
through it but you don’t take it on as your reality.
Our brain, it’s pimary function is to detect threat. It also ﬁlters, categorises,
labels, puts things in a box, on a shelf and in some way it is good because we need
to identify names of countries, names of speciﬁc streets, names of speciﬁc
industries, and so context is important to us human beings.
But there is a ﬂip side to it, a dark side, in which we become blind in that not
everyone of a country, of a culture, of a belief, of gender is like that.
You will always hear someone’s own perception, own reality, own environment,
upbrining, social conditioning, and they all pass it oﬀ as a reality.
So to your question?
I can only tell you what I experienced, and so that is my reality, my perception,
my experiences, and because I am not quick in like most when it comes to love,
romance, but take my time on that, and not hasty I never have problems.
In fact, the worst I found is from my own community but that is only because I
knew them more than anyone else. I enaged with them more and as I branched
out, I saw that there is good and bad in every ccmmunity.
So the only thing I do which I advise is know yourself.
Have boundaries.
Take your time and understand that in every relationship, you have to be ready
for loss. You have to be ready to see that people are ﬁckle with love, and can fade
away from your life no matter how much they say they love you.
So have boundaries. Be who you are.
Listen to the red ﬂags but also, communicate, see if these red ﬂags are coming
from your perception and fears, or it is really this person is like that.
Also do’t take it wrong that people look for values they want to survive, to get out
of the shit they are in, and if there is a mutual understanding in what you want
and what someone else wants, then awesome.
But always mate, know people are ﬁckle, emotional, and fall in love one minute
and gone the next year and sometimes, even shorter.
It’s part of life, part if being human, part of connecting and being in
relationships.
I have seen people so in love with each other and then treat each othr like shit in
court rooms. Sad really, all that was, gone, forgotten and now they are a strangers
and enemies, and despise each other.
So know the reality, have boundaries and I hope all works well for you.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carlos Palma

What does it mean when you tell a guy text me or call me later
and he never does?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn’t assume or come to any conclusions.
There has been many times, in which I couldn’t text back and it can be anything.
Some men do not really open in sharing what is going on. Especially when it’s
challenges and problems.
It’s due to conditioning and second they did in past and they were judged or the
result left them emotionally drained to never do it again.
For example, I am doing a video,and it’s taking it’s toll on my system, so I had to
disconnect the internet because it was triggering something and walla, it worked.
I could render the video but it took 4 hours to render, and when I ﬁnished, I
realised a mistake, so I had to do it again, and then the laptop went really slow.
So I had to get the new one out of the box, and install everything, and import the
ﬁle there.
Then the cat was acting all up and had to take him to vet and it all ended, with me
coming back really late, tired, I fell asleep. I text later on, when I woke up
explaining what has happened.
Sometimes, life gets in way and it’s not intentional but you will never know, until
you communicate and ﬁnd out.
Hopefully, he is open with you to say what is going on.
So avoid coming to any conclusions. It doesn’t help much when building a
positive connection.
Things do happen in life and you need to communicate with him.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Everyone else on Earth will ignore you for ten years. They will
not acknowledge your presence in any way. What do you do?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions

Answered Jun 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m a creator. So I will create, with or without people’;s acknowledgment, with or
without someone loving me, with or without approval, validaton and acceptance
because I am a creator.
Silence is not loneliness but solitude and I ﬁnd peace in it.
I love regardless, and if any hold suspicoun and mistrust on that and behaves as
such, it’s ﬁne but I am human as well.
So I will distance myself and focus more on doing what I have done since the day
I touched pen with paper.
I will create and in doing so, I ﬁnd myself enjoying, excited in what I create, and
what better life can one ever ask for, but to know who he is while most don’t; and
do what one loves do, while many avoid to do so for whatever reason; and know
why he knows exactly why he feels.
To give without needing aproval while others take with judging and looking for
some motive and agenda.
I’m extremely talented but I wasn’t born this way but rather passionate with
burning ﬁre that never lets me worry about the future and ﬁres up me up every
second of the day to create in many formats and output in diﬀerent processes.
So I will create, write, design, paint, publish, produce and do what I always do. All
can change and even if all was gone and left with but paper and pencil, I will still

smile and create with what means I have.
I did so before people knew me.
I will continue to do so whether I have an audience or not. It’s ﬁne. I enjoy my
solitude and do not see it as loneliness but a gift to the wise and creators of their
own design.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl says I'm out of her league and we
won't work, even though we both care a lot for each other?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what attraction is?
It’s quite scarey for a lot of people. In fact when some ﬁnd someone who they are
attracted to, they are constantly in a state of anxiety and arousal. They are
constantly doubting themselves.
The extreme is they behave in a way to self sabotage who they are attracted to
even when the person is attracted to them.
So for the girl who says you’re out of your league, she will also feel that as well
with someone who she is attracted to. If she doesn’t feel that, she won’t be
attracted to the guy.
That’s what makes it real - the feeling.
In one hand it’s amazing and in other hand the fear of losing what they have
attracted. It’s a sad state of aﬀairs for some because instead of nurturing what has
come, they self sabotage it with behaviour that isn’t attractive, isn’t fun, isn’t
exciting, isn’t arousal, isn’t sexy, isn’t uplifting and just ﬁlled with doubts.
Here’s why…
Attraction is this = drawn to someone who you see higher in status or equal.
So what that means in the Attraction Language, is she is drawn to that which is
higher status or equal status, which reveals values she sees as important to
her..survival.
Kind of shit isn’t it when you think about it.
I mean, you get people talking about how it’s all about someone’s personality, but
really, you cannot see someone’s personality, you have to get to know them
but..the problem is…that person has already…made their mind up..what is status
to them.
In under 3 seconds, the person’s brain has already judged, categorised, labeled,
put in a box, and decided yes or no. Under 3 seconds or less!
If a person is attracted then their brain will ask them to investigate and that’s
when the ﬂirting begins, or the shit test some do, and if it clicks even more, they
then go deeper but it all started under 3 seconds or less.
The scary part is some peopled who attract what they desire don’t behave like an
equal. They talk like they don’t deserve it. They talk like what has come is far out
for them. They don’t believe the person is attracted to them.
They keep testing.
They keep prodding.
They keep doing the games.

Sometimes at an unconscious level and some people do it with being aware what
they are doing.
They have a hard time believing it to be true.
That what they went for, has said yes, and that person sees so much more in
them.
Fucking crazy isn’t it?
I mean, you live in a world, where people tell you what you’re not good at, what
you don’t have, what you haven’t got, and suddenly, you attract someone who
says the complete opposite!
That you’re awesome,.
That you’re incredible.
That anything is possible if you put your mind to it.
That they believe in you.
That they so craving for you, sexually and emotionally,
That they think about you everyday.
Think about it for a moment…
If you lived in an environment where it is all choas, where everyone around got
problems, where you never heard much word about your abilities in such words
like that, repeatedly, consistently, and then ﬁnd yourself hearing it…it will scare
the shit out of you.
Because now, someone beleives in you,
Now, you canot make any fucking excuse what you cannot go for and do.
But what do people who fear succcess, fear love, fear the hot, sexy, excitind do?
THey want to make their world predictabe. They want the known, the familiar,
the certainy way they are so used to.
And so, such an amazing thing happens that deﬁes all odds and it pulls them out
of their comfort zone, and suddenly, they are at the edge!
Fear sets in.
They so wanted that person in their life.
They connect with this person whether approaching oﬄine or online. They knew
the person is this or that type of person.
They have this person in their life and then…bollocks it all up by acting all
insecure, with even suspicioun because how can such a person be so attracted to
them and see all these amazing qualities in them!
Some people behave opposite to being attractive when they do get the guy or girl,
and fuck it up due to their low self esteem.
Some people are not ready for a certain person of high status because the high
status knows to protect their mind.
It’s scary because in one hand you so want the person and in the other, it pulls
you out of the comfort zone, the safe place, the place of predictability, and
moment that is felt, your behaviour follows.

But for you, that high status isn’t there for her and the equal for her to see isn’t
there either to even want to date you.
That window has closed, gone, and the more you push, the more she will
psychological put you down for you’re value decreases in her eyes.
So you do the same like most people. You fear losing what is in your grasp and
behave in an irritational manner to even doubt your own self worth.
In regards to status…
What does it look like in the real world of dating?
1. Someone conﬁdent.
Have you ever noticed, when some men are attracted to women, and the
women talk, and though he doesn’t agree, he doesn’ say. He’s got these
women on a pedestal.
But a man of conﬁdence, a man in which a woman knows she can trust
this guy on his word, that he isn’t putting her pussy above his chartacter,
but stating his opinion, and even disagree with their opinion, without
fear of loss. He’s conﬁdent.
He is also a risk taker. He doesn’t hesiate.
If he is attracted to a woman he will act immediately, be direct in a fun,
exciting way to reveal it so and if it’s not mutual…he’ll move on.
2. Someone who respects themselves.
Have you ever noticed that conﬁdent men don’t orbit around women
who have no interest in them romantically or sexually?
So when a man ﬁnds out she isn’t interested, he doesn’t waste his time
orbiting around her but busy approaching someone else. He doesn’t
wonder why she is doing this, why she said this and how to convince her.
He moves on. He gave the opportunity, she made her choice, no problem.
He now moves on.
3. Someone who is valuable.
Have you noticed men who live a life with purpose and making things
happen? Maybe they create their own products, services, or building a
dream, and they have this charisma in which they attract women to
them?
That’s a man who can demonstrate his leadership oﬄine and online,
with his passion, knowledge and women who desire such a man are
drawn to him, some curious and some very attracted to him.
4. Someone who looks healthy.
Let’s say someone who hits the gym, looks after his body, doesn’t have to
be big but looks good. Grooms good, clean teeth and he is healthier and
ﬁtter than her.
5. Someone who has a lot going for him.
This could mean he is popular in school, college, is leader of the pack
and is is a go getter. He’s good socially, master of social dynamics.
6. Someomeone who is a challenge.
This could be where a woman sees and knows this guy can attract far
more attractive women and she sees it, or she knows by the way he
speaks, that he has the knowledge, she knows his shit and canot deny
that he knows.

He is a challenge, and knows, if she dissappears, it be no problem for
him…tio attract more. She knows when she creates drama or do those
games to get him jealous, or talks about some crush…it goes way over his
head and ignores it. He isn’t phased by it because he knows his value and
it is she whois insecure trying to get validation in imoressing him on
what people say about her looks and what guy is saying about her.
This guy never talks about other women to the woman he is attracted to.
He carries his own. He is of highs elf worth and a challenge. He knows it
and so whenever a woman does anything like that, she will notice he is
calm.
7. Someone who doesn’t need her pussy.
When a woman who he is attracted to doesn’t ﬂirt back with him, doesn’t
recipocrate his advances, doesn’t sexualise in talking as he does, and
some women do that, on purpose, switching attraction oﬀ to confuse a
man…he is the man who laughs to himself about it. He is calm, he is not
the storm, she is.
He will get laid anyway. He can get sex anyway.
He can attract other women anyway. That doesn’t mean he acts like an
asshole with her but he will never put pussy and ass of a woman to rattle
him.
Moment a woman switches oﬀ, he will slowly withdraw, distance
himself, and will be busy doing his own thing. If she doesn’t wake up,
behave in a manner that women need to when they are attracted to the
man, it’s ﬁne. It’s not his loss. He’s the man who doesn’t put pussy above
him.
8. Someone of intellect.
You may believe women who play with you in that inellect is where a
man talks about knowlede, poliics and so on. Intellect I am talking about
is a man who knows how to capture then emotions of a woman, lead her
imagination for her to realise, he’s a man who knows what he wants and
knows he can satisfy her sexually and emotionally.
Second, after that, he’s a man who knows the aﬀairs of the world without
then need to watch the damn TV. He knows how the world works. He
travels the world. He’s seen what some women can only dream of seeing.
He is knowledeable in diverse areas not just one. He may focus on one
but he will know a lot more when a woman learns more of him.
In other words, it makes her feel something she so wants to feel and sees that it’s
due to the man she is attracted with.
It’s not something he created. It was already inside of her and so, when a person
appears of such nature in visual or demonstrating value, a status she feels is
attractive - she sees status that is higher tahn her or equal.
If higher, well, she could screw it up because if she doesn’t feel he is equal but
higher, then what happens is her own insecurities will resurface, and she will
behave later on in a less appealing and attractive way.
She will switch oﬀ what attracted him to her in the ﬁrst place and he will then feel
choked, or feel sick, frustrated because she is now not matching what is attractive
to him..anymore.
That is why when a woman or man, attract…they got to, keep building on the
attraction. If they don’t, attraction will ﬁzzle out and it becomes awkward and so

the guy will feel that if this is how it is, then this is how future with her will be. He
then moves on.
Many screw up due to this.
They think attraction grows on it’s own and think it grows by doing small talk.
They did the work in the begining but when they got what they want, the
attention, they behave opposite. Pﬀf. It’s all gone!
What do you do now?
Move on because you have shown your status and she doesn’t see the status of
value to her to be romantic and sexual with you.
Then approach many women, and learn to detach from then outcome because
right now, you are showing you are low in status in trying to convince a woman or
ﬁnding how to convince her to date you.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the meaning of life in 5 words?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jun 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll say it in 3 words. Five is too much ;)
Create the meaning.

I wish I knew what I know today or grown to know. Though I don’t regret the path
I walked but if I knew, what I know today, I would believe all is possible.
I would embrace all expecations most said about how talented I am without
suspicioun and mistrust.
I would think any challenge isn’t bigger than my courage.
I would take every compliment as a blessing.
I would embrace all the compliments like “yeah, of course” to myself and thank
the person and if it’s my lover, I’d embrace it all without doubting.
I would love far greater and more, and never held back.
I would have created the opportunities than look for one.
I would have given more and not worry of lack of abundance.
I would aim at the stars, far into the horizon, and if any said to me, I am arrogant I
would right in their face say “go and ﬁuck yourself!”
Hence, I would not be intimidated by other people’s opinions back then as a teen.
But i would also not be arrogant to believe I could do it all on my own.
I would spend more time investing in nature, in people and try to do things even
though the problem is huge, regarding global warming.
I would feed the needy more, and build far more organisations and mentorsiop
programs back then.
I would know, as I do today, as I have for years…..
That we don’t seek meaning in life.
We create the meaning.

Life is our canvas. We are the artist.
So create and live doing what you love to do because the road and life maybe a
long one or short…and it’s the only one we got.
You will never know how much time you got so dream big and create the
meaning.
5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kate Haley

What would be the best way to use Facebook usefully?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jun 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it’s not for business, think of it this way..
1. You wouldn’t walk into your friends house and tell them about how they
should take blah blah serious and rant about it.
2. You wouldn’t use it to bitch about how people need to take a subject or
topic seriously and if they don’t know the topic, to shut it and leave it to
those who know. Something an artists did on my proﬁle page to someone
else, saw his feed and blocked him. I also saw he did this often as well,
and if you don’t want someone saying that to you, you don’t do and say
that.
(Yes, I have seen at least 10+ people in last week doing this on facebook
and even twitter so I blocked them).
3. You won’t talk to get attention and validation. You’d do so because you
got something to say.
4. You won’t block someone who you know well, whether friend, lover
without communicating to them and talk. That shows lack of trust and
so, if you don’t trust them…how can you expect to trust you in important
environments you see as important. It shows something is up and you’re
being two faced. If it’s someone you don’t know, fair enough but a friend?
A lover? Stupid if a relationship is based on trust.
You’d imagine it like you meeting your mates at a bar, or you got together, so
you’d bring fun, you’d cheer them up, or you’d sprinkle some wisdom that uplifts
or makes people think of the best that’s in them.
You might also imagine it, if someone rubbed you the wrong way and you value
their friendship or love, the relationship, to don’t be a dick or a bitch, and
communicate to the person. After all, that is how you show true friendship and
true love. People talk about friendship and love and then behave in this manner,
and wonder why someone acts distant with them and don’t trust them.
Because 1, 2, 3 is all about you and really, no one wants to hear someone barge in
and starts talking about what they think, and how everyone should blah blah,
and for fuck sake, no politics. Leave that alone.
Build a website for that shit as this is social media but diﬀerent to quora. It’s not
for education world but to just chill, for friends, family, and yes, if you’re business
it can work to reveal your brand values, and even sell as well through facebook
advertising.
The key to remember is - communicate to your closed friends, relative or lover.
Don’t abuse this shit wih your insecurities and think you can hide. You cannot
hide online. People can see everything even if you block. There are ways aroind it
these days.
Also, no one wants to hear someone shouting about how everyone got to live,
believe in, and who knows best in these platforms, like facebook. That’s a

diﬀerent platform, for chilling, for friends, not teaching and pounding. If there is
a group for that, join it and keep it seperate from your personal proﬁle. Create a
fan page and rant and protest and preach there.
You wouldn’t do that with your friends as you walk into the living room.
You probably know someone who always tries to act like a parent, telling you
what’s good for you on and on and on. Or someone passionate about something
and goes on about like everyone is shit and don’t understand.
So be light hearted, be calm, don’t go oﬀ shouting to world because it’s what you
so passionate or believe in.
Use Quora for knowledge based stuﬀ or get a website of your own. Use facebook
but create a group for it, and leave your personal proﬁle to be light hearted,
chilled. THINK before you post. Don’t let your emotions get the better of you.
Companies are looking at your facebook proﬁle and they will look at your history
when you apply for jobs. I know, it’s not on but they do decide on these matters
too because it’s their brand or agency.
Leave facebook for chilled out stuﬀ if it’s just for friends and family, associates.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would a guy think if a girl calls him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on how she got his number. If she got his number due to being
attracted to him and he also showed he’s attracted to her, then..
1. He’ll take her far more seriously
2. He’ll be attracted to her even more because she’s making it easier and
not playing hard to get
3. He’ll be ﬂattered that she did
4. He will desire her even more if she arouses him, ﬂirts, and creates a great
experience by being fun.
If she got his number from someone else and didn’t get the mutually attraction
sorted, then like most women, who are not into man because of his looks or
whatever, will think..
1. She is stalking
2. She is invading his space
3. Or that he’s a friend and but still curious the motive
4. It is like girls, when a guys calls. Depends on the context.
So the girl needs to make sure, he is also attraced to her then it be welcomed.
He’ll be ﬂattered and he’ll feel comfort as it proves she is really into him.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My 21-year-old daughter always copies other actresses’ dresses.
Sometimes she wears revealing dresses. Should I stop her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s more important?
Her happiness, her deveoping her own identity or what other people say and your
taste of clothes? She’s an adult. She’s 21 years old and instead of making her feel

insecure, boost her conﬁdence, tell her she looks beautiful.
There is enough people as it is, who are insecure about their bodies, appearances,
that they can’t even take compliments, never mind believing in themselves.
You can suggest but end of the day, what’s important?
He copying actresses dresses and sometimes “revealing,” and worried what other
people will say about you, or her feeling conﬁdent, high self esteem about
herself?
Even if her nipples are erected under her clothes, it’s her feelings, it’s what makes
her feel good about herself, and she’s not worried about how the world judges her.
Go out with her and experience with her when she buys these dresses and build
the connection and bond stronger.
Last thing she needs is coming home to ﬁnd her own parents doing that and
making her feel insecure about herself.
There are little things in life as it is nowadays to enjoy doing, and this can be what
she enjoys doing with passion, and making her feel good about herself.
85 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jullie Boarn

I went on a date with a woman that said to my face all of
society's problems are caused by men. How should I have
reacted?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t even reply or even wave to ask for check.
I’d get up, walk up to counter, pay the bill there and not give her a second of my
time to have walked out smiling and moved on.
But just for intellectual fun….
———————————————————Her- All of society’s problems are caused by man.
Me - You sure you don’t want to change your plea to innocent
Her - what do you mean?
Me - You know, one of my lovers, she’s very smart. Told me a few things about
science. I learnt from her about the law of cause and eﬀect. Every action has a
reaction or a consequence. So if I am the cause, you are the eﬀect. You sowed and
now this is what you reap. Like to change your plea from guilty to innocent? ;)
Her - But….
Me - You have been weighed. You have been measured and found wanting.
(get up and pay at the counter and move on)
175 Views

Should I allow my wife to wear sleeveless?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

All these should have been ironed before ever being in a serious relationship and
especially marriage.
There isn’t “let her.”

Thats her choice but it was also your choice way back before marriage, to have
known her values before even relationship gets serious.
UnderstanDable, there maybe something like cultural, arrange marriage, so we
can’t see that but even then, you have a choice and every choice comes with
challenges. You then need to ask yourself, how important it is to you.
This can be done way in the begining….for anyone else who wonders about how
they can ensure they are with someone who sees eye to eye…
1. That you’re both compatible.
Compatible is when you both have the same attitude towards a process
and you work together to make it happen, because you are attracted to
each other and believe in happiness for each other.
2. Compatible in values including clothing.
So if you have this idea of women or man to be dressed in a certain way,
this need to be said before relationship, before marriage, long before and
not try and change someone. No matter how attracted you are to the
person, you will grow to dislike them and even hate them.
3. Compatible in sexual.
That if you high sexual, desire a woman who is, then be with someone
who is. So if you’re someone who is high sexual, desires a woman who is
ﬂitatious as well with you, knows your language and doesn’t ignore when
you communicate sexual, for pete sake, do not ever go with a woman
who isn’t high sexual and isn’t of this personality. It leads to problems
later on.
4. Compatible in Relationship model.
Women and also men, can ﬁnd themselves with partner who is switched
oﬀ in sex, maybe due to health, biology, etc. Know that this is a very
likely chance it will happen.
When you experience this, believe me, you never want to be in that kind
of relationship ever again, no matter what the world says, or whoever
thinks what of you.
So if you are high sexual, if sex is very imporant to you, if physical
intimacy is important to you, if having someone who speaks your
language in a sexual, fun way is important to you, if wanting to have
compatibility in which both explore this even more, make sure, you are
in that relationship type model.
Know your goals in life and relationship, and then make sure the foundation for it
all, is right for it.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jullie Boarn

A guy who has been texting me for 2 weeks starts a
conversation with "Do you like bowling". I say "It's okay" then
he says "Nevermind". What does that mean? How do I ﬁx this? I
actually am interested and now I am worried he won't ask
again.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t have to be in the dating scene to know how to show interest. You was
playing hard to get or personally, was lazy.
The guy showed interest, he asked you do you like bowling and you knew the
protocol, in any socialising process, that you show interest.

Look. DVerything is an invitation and depending on the context, it is still an
invitation to something. If you want to be with the person, be open to the
invitation or the person will think you’re not interested or bothered.
So he probably say it as, you either played hard to get or he didn’t like your
personality, the way you just brushed it oﬀ with “it’s ok.”
You know, if someone said that ti you, it means they are not that bother.
It’s simple.
1. If a guy says do you like to go for a drink, he’s asking you out. Invitation,.
Now you can make it clear and ﬁnd out what his intent is but if you’re
into the person, want to spend time, recipocrate and show enthuasiam.
2. If a guy ﬂirts with you it is an invite. If you like the guy, ﬂirt back or it
shows you’re not interested..or something is wrong. Of course, you can
ﬁnd out what his intent is by asking.
3. If a guy texts you sexual, it is an invite to do then same. So that be
someone who you know he’s a lover type, behaved as such, you gave
contact number because you’re into him and now he’s being sexual, and
going for it. If he is ever sexual in text, words, and if you’re attracted to
him, do the same, Open to the invite.
Everything is an invite and you can of course ﬁnd out the context of this invite.
I’m personally direct as it lets then person know exactly what I want.
Guys also get hurt too.
Guys also have feelings.
Guys also want admiration, attention, and excitement, and if they do some work
and you ignore it, then it is showing something is wrong, that you are not as
attracted to him as he is to you.
That doesn’t make a guy feel good.
It makes him feel sick and a guy don’t want that feeling for long, so he can switch
oﬀ attraction and move on.
That’s even if a guy is very into a girl, and even loves a girl, if they have engaged
with each other through time. It can hurt the guy, it can turn him oﬀ, it can make
him feel anxiety because it’s so hard giving and not getting the same vibe back.
So this guy must have thought you played hard to get or you just wasn’t bothered.
So he said..
“Never mind,”
Meaning, “meh forget it. You’re not worth my time and eﬀort.”
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

A guy told me that I'd regret having relationship with him. He's
also said that to many other girls. We're both 19. What did he
mean by this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Someone conﬁdent isn’t going to say to you things like that but rather he will be
more uplifting, positive and have a high energy. Conﬁdent men who bring value
won’t manipulate with sad stories, and acting like a victim.
In fact, what is rare, is these conﬁdent men have a hard time with having women
who don’t get intimidated.

Many girls get intimadated because these men are leadeers, they bring value, and
they see amazing potential in who they are dating but because most are insecure,
they cannot take such incredible value.
They get all weird, mistrusting and confused because for most people they are
insecure and they cannot believe such good can come to them. They want to
make their life predictable with attracting crap.
But when someone tells you what bad can happen or tells you sad victim stories
in ﬁrst conversation, you need to pay attention and run as far as you can.
People cannot help themselves telling you who they really are.
So for example..
1. People think I am nice but really, I can be mean, and not care about
peeople.
That’s a warning for you and it’s a sneaky way to tell you who they are
but if you are so pumped up with desire, you won’t see this red ﬂag.
2. I like to have a lot iof time alone and sometimes I don’t take people’s
feelings into consideration.
Again, this person is the type who will ghost you as well, and dissappear.
They will dissappear for weeks and months, not reply to your text. They
do not care about anyone but themselves. They fear conﬂict and
awkwardiness. So they won’t say what’s up and just dissappear.
3. I WAS…
When the guy or even girl speaks past tense, they don’t realise they
showed their face. They have jus said, they got what they wanted, the
atention, stimulus, and soon you will be ghosted. Such people will
dissappear, not text you and may appear months later.
4. You’ll regret having relationship with me
This person is manipulating you right now, telling you how it’s gong to
go. He is pulling you in with sympathy and triggering your “ﬁx the man”
mode. Don’t ﬁx, don’t change, move on.
He’s going to hurt you and you will regret and you canot say he didn’t say
so. He will say that too..
“But I said to you, you will regret being in relationship with me but you still
wanted to. You chose to..”
5. I’m very spiritual and..
RUN! Real spiritual people do not advertise they are spiritual in ﬁrst
conversation. This person will talk about how they are sspiritual, how
they got a mentor who guides them. It’s bollocks.
They found out you are spiritual and trying to connect and will ghost you
later on. Or they are manipulating to bring your wall down.
People tell you who they are from day one.
They cannot help themselves but because people are pumped with the halo
eﬀect, they cannot see that the red ﬂags.
They only see desire.
So when someone tells “you will regret…” run as fast and as far as you can.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I asked her out, she said she had a project to do, but then she
hung out with her friend. Should I keep on chasing her or move
on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Life gives us feed back.
The only reason why people do the same thing again and again, when the feed
back has revealed to avoid doing so, is due to one’s own neediness.
It is due to someone trying to ﬁt a square in a peg hole.
Picture this….
Girls have been approached many a times and they have learnt from their own
experiences and from other girls, that some guys cannot take a no. Some guys will
get angry, call the girls bitches, whores, sluts and all the names you imagine.
Some guys act all nice but when a girl says no to them, they become Psychos.
They act in a manner to verbally abuse the girls. This experience is then carried to
other girls sharing such experiences and so most girls don’t say no.
Some girls, who talk big, all about how they don’t follow social norms, how they
will lead their lifes, follow their owns are one of the BIGGEST pussies, cowards
you ﬁnd, in which they ghost guys.
They get infatuated about a guy, get all hot and bothered but they are
inconsistent, they cannot build relationships, they are inexperienced, immature
even when they think they are mature - their behaviour contradicts everything
they say.
So even look like rebels, ra ra about social freedom but haven’t the guts and
stomach to even say no to a guy, or have decency to stop playing around leading a
guy on, and fade away, not hearing from them for months.
Then they appear like nothing has happened.
You’ll see that soon enough in future if you approach many girls like I do.
You’re going to meet all these girls and diﬀerent types, all with bullshit in their
head as well, and if you don’t learn to move faster, you’re going to get hurt.
So what do you do?
You have boundaries.
You have what we call integrity.
You know what you want and know what it talks and behaves like.
All of these combined together is called - having standards.
You decide what is not good enough for you and how it looks like when a girl
behaves that she’s mutually attracted to you.
You know, if you don’t have boundaries and set rules for yourself then people will
walk over you. Girls will fuck your mind, Girls will waste your time. Girls will say
one thing and do the other.
That’s not just girls but older women too.
So if you don’t learn now and fast, this will be with you for a long time and you’ll
mess your head up big time because lots of girls want attention, seek emotional
support and will use you for that.
So the ﬁrst time it happened, ok no problem.

The second time, you needed to really wake up and move on.
The third time, it’s your fault.
It is either YES or NO, anything else means nothing. It is irrelevant on why,
what and what does it mean. Avoid over thinking because that is exactly
what girls who play mind games want you to do.
Why bother with someone who isn’t interested in you and doesn’t behave in a
manner that she is?
Be with someone who puts eﬀort into wanting to be you than someone who
doesn’t even show they are into you one damn bit.
Have this rule right on what YES looks like in behaviour
1. She must be excited about you
2. She doesn’t play hard to get and says clear YES
3. She is consistent in her behaviour and doesn’t play games
4. She..follows..through and shows time and time again, she is attracted to
you in words and in behaviour
You can add more if you like but the idea is it helps you to avoid getting hurt and
wasting lots of time. It avoids you investing more in someone who isn’t attracted
to you and isn’t behaving as such.
If the ﬁrst two on that list above doesn’t happen when you ask a girl out, you
move on.
This is what is called…Screening.
You screen and ﬁlter out girls immediately.
Some sneak in and behave they are attracted to you but soon enough, you will see
them fade away.
Usually they fade in ﬁrst few days, weeks or…after they ﬁnished school, or
college, in which they used you for nothing more but kill time because their life is
boring, tedious and not that exciting.
When they ﬁnished whatever, the holidays and so on comes, you don’t see them
because they are fucking someone else, or on something they see more important
than you.
These girls will fade away and you thank the stars they do as well.
That is why, no matter what guys or girls say, you must have options. You have
more than one girl in your process and be honest about it.
Girls don’t approach guys more than guys do.
So they can say “oooh but you see it as number game.
They don’t live in our world when it comes to dating. They don’t need to
approach tons of men as men are approaching them. They only have to put a
photo on their proﬁle or walk and guys stare at them.
They only havr to paste “hey guys, I want a fuck any guy up for tonight?” and
they’ll hve hundreds of messages.
Girls here can put bikini shots of themselves on photos and they’ll get the
attention.
So they always talk to guys like they talking to girls, but we are men, not girls, and
so their morality and biullshit doesn’t woprk for our world. It works for them and

most guys fall for it.
They don’t approach guys, we approach girls. They don’t do half of what we do as
as men to approach, date and so on.
You feel me?
Our world as men is diﬀerent.
We take the risks more in this than they’ll ever do in their life when it comes to
dating. So some women will fade, and you spent all that time on this one woman,
who didn’t pull through for whatever reason.
I’m smart. I have options. If one falls through, no problem. I have others I am
connecting with.
You have at least 10 girls and so you screen out the ones who don’t behave in a
manner you like.
Most will screen out themselves. They’ll show themselves soon enough as girls
who ghost guys, or who wants a fuck but want it now, so she’ll fade away when
excitement of contacting a new guy is gone.
You know some will drift away, some talk big but do nothing, some will just fuck
it up and some just don’t get it, and you have to move on.
But there wil be ONE girl…who you now found out is really into you. She has
said so and behaves as such…consistently!
You then forget all the rest and focus on her because she’s the one who puts
eﬀfort in, consistently, and shows attraction, respects your time, is forgiving
when you mess up and apologise and is mature.
The rest are not worth your time.
You don’t need to do shit with the others after you ﬁnd her.
You can say bye, whatever but after that, they had their chance, they should have
behaved in a manner that is attractive and put the eﬀort in.
They didn’t and probably did some drama, played hard to get or just wanted
attentkon and nothing else.
Fine. Bye, bye, and now you focus on this one girl but always, keep options
open and if you have been honest with her, she will be ﬁne with it.
If she isn’t, she has no clue how dating really works and probably following
mummy, daddy, society bullshit dating pathetic process, which leaves you wide
open to work in scarecity mode instead of abundance mentality.
You may need to do that often…
The reason is, you have might have 10 girls on your mobile phone/texting and all
of them said and shown they are attracted to you.
However, they turn out to be waste of time.
They are either drama queens
Boring
They either not into sex at all and don’t like to be touched physically. Not
going to happen. No way I’d date a girl who feels like that.
They are cold and cannot show aﬀection
They are conditioned to feel shame about sex
They are impatient.

They do the play hard to get games and mind games.
So you need to keep approaching, keep having 10 girls and adding more,
until you ﬁnd the one girl who got it rocking with you.
That one girl, the ONE girl, is gold mate.
That’s the girl to now focus on then most.
That’s the girl and everyone else, bye, bye.
That’s the girl who really cares about you, really into you, falling in love with you,
and she will put middle ﬁnger at the challenges of the world and life, and even
distance, because she is genuine, she wants you, desires you, lusts over you, and
yes, now loves you.
You learn big time like this and you learn the truth of it all and see all the bullshit
for what it is. You may get hurt because many girls, women will dissappoint you
and you realise, nothing is what it seems to be.
The faster you learn to do this, the faster you will also learn what to watch out for,
and see all the red ﬂags real fast.
The girl that is special, is the one, who will show interest, says she’s attracted to
you and she will be the one, who doesn’t drift.
She won’t fade away,.
She is consisnet while the rest, are a waste of your time.
I wish I can tell you it is easy. I wish I could tell you what many say is true but I
can’t mate. You will be dissappointed with women a lot before you get to the one
who really see you for who you are.
Learn to identify who is attracted to you faster and who isn’t to move on faster.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so hard to ﬁnd a good woman these days?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s hard for any woman and man who have depleted resources. You can’t get
blood from a stone.
Women cannot go oﬀ saying the same about men either, because if any woman
and man says so, I question them on how “good” they are.
I see good people everywhere.
I do so because I built a huge social network oﬀ line. Fuck the crap about online.
The real world matters more and so if you’re resources oﬄine, in real world is
tiny, so it shall be online.
Online only amplies what you are and have oﬄine. So even dating online is
hinderance for many due to how they haven’t got the fundamentals sorted, with
getting a life, mindset, copywriting skills, messaging to texting specialised skills,
to high quality photos.
These are assets one builds within himself but if he or she is not got good with
these oﬄine, it be the same online. Especially if they are impatient and as the
time line online is far diﬀerent in face to face world.
It’s easy to attract a good woman and a man, the way it was years ago, it is the
same today but with more tools and far more distractios.

What is happening is, people are not spending enough time building their
resources and spend way too much time over thinking. They are impatient to
build connectios and connections take time to build instead being immature
when infatuation is gone, pﬀf, you dissapear.
That says a lot about someone.
They lack consistency and want it now.
They get bored easily and want stimulus of excitement all time for a relationship
but to know them, and other personalities and other behaviour, you got to
connect with a lot of people, learn, grow, and develop your social instinct to a
higher level which many don’t.
You got to meet people, lots of people and that means you need to give as well of
your time, overcome fears and insecurities, including fear of rejection and social
pressure.
Much of then problem is inﬂiicted by the person themselves.
So if someone says “Oooh no good people,” then they got fucked up life. They are
the ones who not doing enough giving. They are not prioritising in going out
there and give to world.
They are not connecting with peope but just stay in the comfort zone.
Good people don’t ﬁnd good people.
Good people go out and do good work, whether it’s out in oﬄine world or
online, and that attracts people.
Good people don’t bitch how world is so bad but do nothing about it. You
want good, create good in world and do so for the..right people..who
respect your knowledge and time.
How do you think I have attracted lovers online and oﬄine?
You think I can read on forehead of people that this woman and that
woman is good?
I am doing work in giving, writing answers and other websites too who
need help with strategy oﬄine, I have built things oﬄine. While most go
and make tons of money, I went and gave my time to change lives in my
own way.
And so peple talk, people spread the world, people read, people observe
consistency and good people connect as well as bad, which means you
got to be good at screening out the bad.
You don’t ﬁnd a girl friend, boyfriend, good man and good woman. You
build a good life doing things that bring value to people’s lives and that
attracts the good people but also some bad, so be ready.
That work in doing good connects to a lot of people.
I don’t go oﬀ saing “I am good, nice, gentleman” to women either.
You attract who you are.
You see what you focus and believe in the most.
If you believe world is bad, that is all you see.
If you believe there isn’t any good man and woman, that is what you will
see.

I created mentorship programs in city I lived in for years before I left london. I
built organisations to help the young, and older people to have safe place, and
place to go and get advice on certain challenges.
I designed my own magazine with amazing team who came later on, while all I
had was a matress on ﬂoor.
I used an old beat computer that was very slow, and went out and printed copies
out of my pocket. Magazine was providing knowledge, community needed.
Guess what?
I met a lot of good women, dated them, fucked had relationships, amazing
experiences.
One of the relationships with lovers today is due to that and we have been lovers
for 18 years. other existing relationships span years as well.
You and anyone else here cannot con me on what the world oﬀers.
It is of abundance and I know the traites of man and woman who attract the
loneliness and who select worse type of men/women.
They repeat that pattern over and over again.
It’s not diﬃcult to identify them.
So when a woman or a man tells me, in street “no good man or woman,” then I
will look into their eyes and say..
“If you cannot see good, then that tells me something. That maybe I shouldn’t even
associate with you because your a selﬁsh person, who only gave to him/herself. Even
your giving to friends and anyone is but to ﬁll some loneliness void and due to lack
of resources, and then bitch how people use you.”
Good is everywhere but good is not a word.
I do not trust a human being who sees lack of abundance. That tells me they have
not been proactive in their giving and in the right way.
It tells me they do not know how to use what they already got, no matter how
small it is to reproduce it into opportunities.
Life is about reproduction. Not how it is fair.
So a man is a hunter and so he must learn to hunt, make, use what he has to
succeed in whatever he wishes to achieve, and that is so with women as well who
also are hunters, no matter what science magazines says.
It is an action and if a person doesn’t put the action in consistently, they rarely
ever see good in anyone anyway. If all they see is what isn’t there then they
cannot create the opportunities.
They cannot even teach their own and so they are not thay great at reproducing
in a manner to help themselves and others. They are all about themselves and
their world.
They will only see what they focus on the most.
They will only see how bad the world is and how everyone is bad, and how every
woman and man who is supposedly good are taken.
And how everyone is there to use them, get them, attack them, take from them
and on the victim mentality goes.
You see what you focus on the most.

You attract who you are.
And if a person attracts nothing or assholes, again and again, check yourself.
They themselves are big part of the problem.
The world and people have always been how they are.
Nothing is going to change in that.
So forget trying to change world but rather change ourselves to be more
proactive, giving, and do good, if we want good in our lives.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why are girls asking too much from me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they think they can. It’s that simple.
It’s human nature to want and need. You cannot change and ﬁx people. You can
correct your own behaviour and set boundaries.
So set boundaries and behave in a manner in which when they do come to you,
they instantly feel they can’t treat you like a doormat.
Girls don’t ask too much from me.
I just say no, when I don’t want to and so I am not passive-aggressive wanting to
please people and make myself feel shit.
You speak up. Set boundaries and let a person know where the line is the moment
you feel they are crossing it.
788 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Matheus Nudupa

If a girl who couldn't care less about you when you were
overweight is suddenly into you now that you're ﬁt, how should
you respond?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As a compliment.
You might think it is your weight alone and that’s it.
But if you dig deeper…
1. Her values could be that overweight to her signiﬁes laziness.
Undisciplined, unhealthy and she probably can’t stand people like that,
who abuse their body and let it go.
2. It could be that overweight to her means something that she isn’t
attracted too and yes, she was wrong talking negative like that, but that’s
the past, people grow, people change but also people are human beings
who are by nature attracted to what is valuable to them.
It’s no excuse to talk down about someone but I want you to see the gem in what
is happening in your life.
When you understand Attraction, you also understand something very important
and you see a lesson right now from it if you’re smart.
That AttracTion is only a door in which one is drawn into but then you don’t prejudge it but rather, seize the opportunity to build on it, so she can now learn more
about you. That part is called comfort.

People are attracted to what is equal or higher status than them.
So when you lost weight, gained conﬁdence, self esteem higher, looked healthier
she now saw you as her equal or higher.
That’s human beings.
It’s only afterwards, when a person gets to know you more, they fall in love with
your values, personality.
So Perceived value ﬁrst and then stability value later on.
So don’t knock it, learn what happened as life is showing you the power you got
now but don’t abuse it. It is showing you, that if you better your visual such as you
are healthier, you build more on resources then more opportunities will come to
you because people don’t believe in talk but action.
You then showed action.
You showed you got goals. You got self respect for your life and body. You got self
worth and so on. That is attractive to a lot of women.
That Attraction needs to be built constantly, to keep growing, keep adding
gasoline to the ﬁre….but what happens is people don’t build on it. They don’t
even take care of the visual as much and expect people to be saints.
This is the real world.
People are not perfect.
We have psychology and biological and these forces work with us or against us..
So don’t judge her harshly.
She now saw something in you she didn’t before, like you’re more focused, more
healhy, you care about your body, you care about your life, you’re not lazy, you’re
not someone who doesn’t give a shit about his health and just eats any crap.
That’s her preferences, her values, what is attractive to her.
Now if that bothers you much, ok then, walk away but don’t try to ﬁx attraction
and people, and how they are attracted to whatever and for whatever reason.
It is Attraction for a reason:
Attraction is about = what is appealing to the person visually but visually
can mean many things.
It is = status
They are drawn to what is of equal status or higher.
That means, it can be how one looks, how one got a good body, how a person can
connect with other people with conﬁdence, how a person behaves, and not just
look alone but how the appearances speaks to their psychology and biological
within them.
In the world it is called social dynamics.
We are inﬂuenced at everything around us and whatever you do visually is being
observed. People see if it is of value to them or not.
People will be curious.
Women who weren’t attracted become attracted to the person. They see
something and it is subcommunicating a value they believe in and now they
approach, curious, anddesire what they see to be part of them.

But with it also comes values, like personality, like maturity, and so a person
won’t be perfect, none of us are. People are too hard on themselves and others,
and when good comes, they become insecure about their own ﬂaws, and feel they
are not worthy.
This is Attraction, it is revealing to you the knowledge of how it works.
Embrace it but then it is of course about your values, in what is also important to
you in a person. So maybe you might not like her for what she did and behaved in
past, but also realise people do grow, mature, and we all make mistakes.
I am sure you made mistakes in past yourself about people, and grew out of it.
Maybe she has but you won’t know until you let the person walk in that door, and
ﬁnd out more about them.
Have empathy, have compassion, realise we are not perfect and we do grow.
Find out if she has grown too because you did, so I’m sure she might have also as
well. You never know.
One more thing..
Congras for making it happen in your life. You took your life seriously and you
took ownership and made it happen.
Life is saying to you..
“See! You do get what you put in, if you know how to do it right!”
You did it right so smile.
You are making things happen for yourself and so girls will be attracted to you
because they see health, self respect, a guy who cares for his well being and in
time, they will learn a lot more if you let them in, have empathy and see we are all
not perfect.
We make mistakes in the hope, people are not hard on us and have empathy so
we can grow to be a better person.
Maybe, that is what she will also learn from you too.
Sometimes, the path comes, not about you but maybe about the other person’s
growth and you might inspire her to see more about herself too, in a positive
light.
6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl (who just got out of a 2 year
relationship) says, “I'm scared of loving you”? Should I move on
or wait?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Move on. No, instead..RUN!
People tell you who they are instantly but what happens is, sometimes, people
don’t listen. I’m damn open on who I am and for a good reason. To push anyone I
don’t want out of my life.
Makes my life so much easier.
But sometimes for some people you don’t get that. so you got to be listening and
if she saying this to you right now, here is how it goes.
1. I am going to hurt you soon enough.

2. I am going to emotionallly fuck you over with mistrust, suspicion and
project my past experience of being in a relationship with a cheat, who
cheated me twice, and put it all on you.
3. You are the nice guy I will punish for his actions and make you my
emotional tampon.
4. I am going to question every move, word you say. Even a compliment.
Then some guy comes along, her pussy drips and she’ll jump and ride him all
night but it won’t work well and then..she will be back at you, and tell you all the
sad stories and you’ll be like…
“WTF? I approached her and she said no, and blah blah and this guy comes along,
fucks her in ass, gives him a blow job, and then walks, and now tells me all this?”
Don’t bother being that friend either.
She can go like everyone else to a therapist.
Believe me, you’ll save yourself a lot of headache and trying to convince her how
she’s amazing, awesome even if she is, she’ll be so insecure she won’t take it good.
You feel and even a compliment will be seen as suspicious, and she’ll throw it
back on your face like it meant nothing.
By the way, this is how manipulators start by acting like a victim. They suck you
in with sad stories of abuse blah blah and so on.
She will tell you sad, sad, story of being a victim, how some bad ex used her, how
he won’t give her what she so wanted and fuck you over later on.
Most women are insecure as hell but now, she will be 100 times fold insecure and
so, she will not trust you, not open up to you and you can forget sex too. Forget
relationship. Forget everyhing you think right now.
She said it and now run.
RUN as far as you can not because no way in hell, if you’re smart, to date someone
who has told you they can hurt you.
I hope you got your head screwed right to walk away.
She is already framing whatever happens to be so. She is already expecting
failure. She’s already designed her game of victim and will work it to make her
world predictable by making sure it don’t end well.
Then she will take that story to someone else and you’ll be the guy in this new
story. Move on before you invest anymore or you so will get hurt.
She already said so, no matter how she said it, it will happen.
Move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you tell a potential investor that you don't drink if he
asks you to have one with him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Investor - what drink you like?
Adam - I’ll have juice (or water with lemon…or tea..or…coﬀee..)
Adam - Thank you
You drink something, so show you’re not afraid to ask for what you want.
Investors rarely like Yes people.

So speak up and say what you want politely.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kate Haley

How do you ﬁnd a nice guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure, here’s how.
You become a nice person ﬁrst.
You’re values then will lead your behaviour
Your behaviour will lead you to events of such value
The value will lead you to others of that value
You want good friends?
Be one ﬁrst to many people. Yes, it takes work going out socialising but that’s how
you make lots of friends if you want that.
You want a leader in your life?
Be one ﬁrst.
You want sexy, hot, and so on?
Be one ﬁrst in sexual appeal and behaviour.
You want people to give?
Be a giver ﬁrst.
You want an awesome boyfriend/girlfriend?
Be that person ﬁrst,.
You want a job in a specialised ﬁeld?
Be that person and show case it online and learn to target market online with
content.
You attract who you are.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does someone keep breaking up with you and taking you
back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because the person let’s them back into their life.
Because the person is desperate to let them back into their life
Because the person has low self esteem to let them back in their life
Because the person thinks they can’t do better and let’s them back in
their life
Because the person is fearful of the unknown and certainty to keep
letting such people back in their life
Because…they got a script in their mind and so they want pain, they
want suﬀering, they want it because it makes their world predictable,
and unknown and uncertainty isn’t predictable.
So the person let’s whoever come back in their life.

They can say no but they don’t and do not own their choices and take
responsibility for their emotions.
They like to blame the other person and have no boundaries to keep doing the
same mistake over again.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Where can I ﬁnd a sensible guy to date? All the guys I met till
date seemed really immature and silly
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re probably going for young guys and well, there’s a massive ocean of them
where immaturity and silly is there.
Not all young are immature either.
There are plenty who are mature and doing great things.
And if you desire older, mature who gives as well, then you might be asking for
too much as most who say so, are not ready.
Most want that but most are not ready for it because you got to leave the drama
behind, you got to raise your bar in your attitude, you got to believe in yourself
because most of us males, are at a level, were out attitude and how we see life and
world is of high attitude.
Most want the ambitious, the one going places, the exciting one, the
adventuerous one but you need to appreciate what comes with such a man.
We are exciting, going places and so on but we do so because we like the energy,
the good mood, the good feeling, the feeling incredible and so as you can see, we
like to stay away from women who are not going to give us that feeling.
Too many are drama, emotionally draining with low self esteem and so much of it
will crop up. We don’t want it in our lives.
That means…
1. Our self talk is high and always encouraging. If you got low self esteem
then you will bring mistrust and suspicion regarding it when you
experience it.
2. Our life is about giving as some of us are specialised in human
behaviour, in developing people into leadership roles, and so if you get
tons of inspiring words and compliments, you might throw it back
because of low self esteem, of your own environment, who you associate
with and bring that garbage to throw back what is being given genuinely.
3. Our life is very busy and it may seem because we give time, we are always
available but that’s because we’re very organised, discipline. So when we
say this is the time and date, and you say “OK,” and you don’t make
eﬀort, don’t be dishearted that we canot make time for whatever day. It
takes a lot for us to make those days happen.
4. We have our own system, we don’t trade much of our lives on dollars for
hours as most do. We travel the world, walk on the beaches of the world
and it expands out mind. We paid that price long ago to not follow then
path many follow and we will protect that path even if we have to walk
awauy from women. No woman is above our greater purpose and not
because of anything but this is our vision in life. Nothing against women
because that’s same withn men as friends. If they come between our
goals and purpose, we’re done.

5. So older of course, depending on the guy, has a lot more maturity,
insights, belief, positive attitude and if someone isn’t ready, it can be a
weird, and they’ll see it as though we got some high expectations. We
don’t. We have only high expectations on ourselves, we push ourselves,
whether you or any woman pushes yourself to go for your goals and
dreams is your life but don’t expect such a man to lower his vision and
seeing big potential in you.
Bear these in mind if you seek maturity and men.
We are forgiving to a certain extent but not even your looks, can later bring us
back, if a woman does not bring that feeling we travel then world for. That’s our
life blood right there.
There is a diﬀerent level when going for mature men who got a lot to give. We can
choose. We have options. Plenty of women desire such men no matter if a mass of
women say they don’t. They exist in our realm.
Now to your solution…
Like attract like.
If you are attracting immature and silly guys, then look at the source =
you.
You are going to places where they are.
You are going choosing to socialise with such guys.
You are also associating with people that lead to these guys.
Therefore, it is you who need to change your thinking and get out of your comfort
zone to venture where conﬁdent, mature men are.
You are the source of your anxieties.
You are the one who creates the results in your life.
Because you are the one making the decisions on who you are attracted
to.
So avoid doing the same thing over again and expand your horizons to go where
the guys you want are.
You’re aim is ﬁnding out where that is because you’re ﬁshing in the wrong place
and if you keep throwing the hook in that same place…you get the same.
Get good at knowing where to look and what hook to throw to attract mature
men.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that I don't get approached by any of the guys around
me? I have tried expressing my interest in a couple of guys and
that didn’t go anywhere. Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I have tried expressing my interest in a couple of guys, “
Sure. I’m sure you did.
You know what we know about women who “TRY.”
1. They hint
2. They give subtle signals
3. They bore the shit out of you with small talk

4. They don’t ﬂirt
5. They don’t even show any admiration to the guy
That’s not showing interest.
That’s making friends. Pals. Socialising like most people do.
These hints and subtle signals were used way back, when women got their head
chopped of BY OTHER WOMEN, who competed with them for rich men, powerful
men, kings and queens, noble men.
It was competition time!
And they used hints and signals way back to not show other enemies who they
are going for. They also had to do it hush hush or you get burnt to the stake.
You don’t have that anymore.
So no more “trying.” Do it. Be clear.
Don’t make friends and then do it.
Second…
“I have tried expressing my interest in a couple of guys..”
So?
Couple of guys.
You know how many men approach?
Dozens at a time. One by one. On and on it goes for some for months to a year and
some are preparing to try for 40 years and still virgins, wondering where fairy god
mother is to help them out or wondering where the cupids gone to.
You had couple of guys.
It’s nothing.
Now if you approached 100 guys, then come on here and say you did but a couple
of guys, is nothing.
And as I said, approaching for most women is hints and really not being direct in
saying they are attracted to the person. So when you behave that way then they
are going to think you’re already dating because if you was interested youd ﬂirt
and be direct about your intent.
Third…
Why did you mention degree and all the rest for?
You think PHD is what men look for?
We FEEL.
So if we feel shit anytime of day because of woman talking to us, guess what
happens?
Attraction switch turned oﬀ!
If a woman makes a guy feel special, desired, knowing she thinks we’re ﬁucking
gods, and will fuck our brains, attraction switch is on.
Oh I know, blah blah sex.
Get over it.

That’s a battle lost decades ago. It’s old. done, dusted, doesn’t work in this world
and we seen through that game long ago.
The idea is to…arouse not bore the man with logic. It is to show why he would
even bother and to diﬀerentiate from playing hard to get to..
“Is she into me or what? I cannot tell.”
The guy needs to know not guess, not look for hints as thats whete transactional
games happen. You know, stroke my back and I stroke yours, back and forth and
none wiser if it’s going down or it’s just small talk.
I’m not saying go to a guy and say…
“I want to fuck you right now baby.”
You leave that for much later.
But you got to stop trying.
No more trying.
No hints.
No subtle meanings
No hesitations in making friends for months and then ask
No more even talking about PHD, degrees, sports, whatever.
That isn’t attraction language.
That’s measuring with a ruler and that is..logic.
That’s comfort phase.
See where Attraction is and where Comfort is.
Look where you leaped to because you’re “trying” to play safe due to fear or
rejections and what some guy might think..

Yes we know women love that shit. Making friends, emotional support, network,
network, network, I got a PHD, Oooh so what do you do for a living, Ooh, so where
you’re from (Yawn).
Even some guys do it… but it creates awkwardiness.
We made a friend and suddenly friend wants to be a girlfrined. It happens, but it
can go awkward real fast because most of us, don’t want it with a friend. It started
that way and most of us like to leave it as such.
So forget trying and forget logic.
Speak and behave with the attraction language.
Approach and show you desire the man or it’s not going to happen with hints,
signals and…”trying.”
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever kissed your sister on her lips?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I do though hug my sisters as I love them, love them a lot. They are great. Bit
crazy but got wonderful personalities and love them. I usually hug and that is it.
I don’t show love to relatives with kisses on lips.
Just hugs.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jullie Boarn

What kind of guys like to have lot of female friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Know the diﬀerence between friend and associates, or people you kind of just
know from other people etc.
They have a lot of associates not friends.
People have no clue these days what a friend is.
They think a friend is someone you know, sit and talk.
It even took me a while to evaluate meaning of friendship through time,
expriences, you get to really start to really tighten up on this area because you
look for deeper relationship and less drama.

A friend has your back and you develop deep mutual trust and that takes a LOT of
time with one person, never mind lots of female friends.
A friend can have problems and will challenge you on them, and so you be there
for the friend and it can be emotionally draining as well.
It can take you away from important matters but you’re there for a friend because
they need you desperately, they fucked up, or something has gone wrong, or they
need comfort and that takes a lot of energy, time, and sometimes, well,
sometimes you got to let go.
The reason is you can’t change or ﬁx someone.
No use trying to explain to them logically because it’s a mental state,
psychological and emotional.
You know their mental state can eﬀect you.
It eﬀects your mood and then this can eﬀect your life with your
performance, bringing that mental state vibe around you, and even your
lovers, and fuck things up for yourself too!
Everytime you’re with someone, you don’t realise it eﬀects your mind,
toxic, changing you and you think you are changing them.
It eﬀects your positive mindset, it eﬀects your thought process, it eﬀects
your thinking, your self esteem as well and you don’t realise it.
Lots of shit goes on with friends but even as friends, people don’t get..
Friends are not fucking everything.
You’re state of mind is.
Friends leave, Friends marry. Friend get boyfriends. Friends ﬂy and you too will
ﬂy as well.
Or what?

You’re going to leave your dreams and goals, because you want to be a hero,
saving people?
You have a short window, a time, for your life and others. One day you will have a
home, bills to pay, debts and if you don’t get your ﬁrst part of your life sorted
early enough….that’s coming to bite your ass later on.
The more people you have as friend, the more problems as well.
That’s why friendship can be emotonally draining at times, people are not perfect
and you expect me, a man to be friends with ton of women, who got baggage, who
got mental shit state, who got huge problems and then tell me, it’s because I want
sex?
People are oﬀ the rockers.
How many so called friends in school are now with you today?
How many so called friends in school are now with you today?
How many people you said are friends at work, in previous jobs are
friends today in which you sit, talk for hours, and they encourage,
inspire?
I mean real friends, got your back friends, like those movies showing
friends growing up together, and all that. How many?
Most friends these days pull you down with their own insecurities.
Most friends in reality got tons of problems.
Most friends are busy being busy with drama and life.
Most got family, relatives and drama which they even create themselves.
That energy, whether you love your frirneds and all that can mess you up if you
don’t be careful.
Friends, can change, values changes and suddenly that friend is not a friend
anymore.

So it takes time choosing friends wisely.
Who are not that fucked up, who make good choices in life, who are mature
because the last thing you need is to babysit a friend day after day, receiving shit
from them week after week and month after month.
Most people do it but I don’t and not because I don’t care or I want sex.
I don’t because I love myself, I spent years investing in this mind of mine. I spent
fucking years self developing that most people are so way behind in their mental
state and positive attitude about themselves.
I love my lovers, I love my neices and nephews and ao I am not going to mess my
mind up, mental state and then bring that garbage mental state home, to my
relatives, to my close friends, to my lovers.
And sadly, most do just that.
Don’t fall in this facebook bullshit type and ﬂow it on oﬄine world.
You see even followers voting, followers, thousands.
But when you’re in deep shit with debts, mortgage, stuck somewhere because
care broke down, job lost and you’re in deep trouble.

Then see who is going to come and save your ass on that day or at least care
enough to come, talk, encourage and help you ﬁnd a way out, even if it’s just
guiding you to some information they hand you.
It takes a lot to be a friend.
It’s not a small matter.
There are times, I don’t even want friends at all because it’s sometimes too much.
They got problems, they got this and that, and it can take you away from your life,
purpose, your art, music, and suck the life and fun out of you.
So you want to help but you cannot help people who don’t want to help
themselves.
I am not a therapist.
I can’t do that and therapists have their own therapist to help their mind. That’s
how important it is to mind who you mingle with as friends. That is your mind,
your spirit, your mental state.
You’re going to pass all that, ALL to your children one day. You’re going to bring
thay world in to people you love.
You would never see me be proud of having lots of friends.
It is impossible to have lots of friends like you see as followers on facebook and
think they all my friends!
You got thousands of followers and you know you cannot build deep connection
with all of them. Maybe on a list, maybe newsletter but even then, you can’t do
really get so personal with them all to a level of friendship.
If anything happens to me, there probably be just a handful, let’s say 3–5 of
friends who will rush to my aid and leave everything to help me.
How many can you say or anyone here if that happened that such friends
will leave everything to rush to help you?
MOst people talk about how hey haven’t got tons of friends like it’s everything.
Like they need it to succeed in their arts, talent, dating.
You don’t need that to achieve squat.
Friendship is about giving but it’s two way and most time, it is wone way. On and
on with their rambling and drama.
Nothing to inspire each other.
Nothing to help in each others goals.
Nothing to inspire in each other dreams
Fucking drama so we feel good we are saving the world while your own
world is in deep fucking shit and you know what I am talking about.
Go and ask any woman right now..
If you go and really know a woman, and with all her “friends,” she’ll tell you she
can only trust a couple or so as friends.
She’ll say that she only has a couple or so people she can trust, rely on even with
some serious shit goes on but all the friends you see she’s around with, are but
associates.
Like tribe.
Makes you feel good, safe, and all that.

Called = status.
It’s shit is what it is. So don’t believe all you see.
Choose your friends wisely.
You’ll ﬁnd out much of the women/men have as “friends” are associates.
I have plenty of them. They are not friends. You see me with lots of women and
suddenly thinking I have tons of friends.
They are associates.
They are people I know and see and “hi, how you doing.”
But I know they will never have my back.
Problem these days, is people cannot even diﬀerentiate the meaning of friends.
You look at what is in front of you and you think I got tons of female friends.
“OOoh, he has lots of friends, most be fucking good man.”
How tdoes anyone know I am a good man?
You’re going to see me with a lot of women and tihink I am a good man? You see
me with no women friends and think I’m a bad man?
You see me with lots of women sex and all and think “bad boy?”
That’s fucked up.
If any want to know a man, look at who is giving to. Look close. Look who he has
inspired. Look at how he is changing other people’s life with work he does. Look
at the real deal than how many women he has friends and how many he fucks,.
Worse. People like “i haven’t friends. I have friends.”
Friends are not everything.
You can do a lot more without them but you can also get a lot more in
companionship with them but they are not everything.
We got to wake up from this.
That’s not how it is in real life.
Most peple here I bet can’t even count the real friends they have on their ﬁngers
and it is for a good reason. It takes a lot of time, investment and forgiveness
because people come with a lot of baggage and personality, and all sorts.
YES!
We have lots of associates, yes, we are successful in dating but don’t ever think all
these women you see around me are friends.
They are associates, people we know but not friends.
Friends, I probably have about maybe….2–5 who I can trust when it’s females and
asspociates, well, got hudreds of them, lots of female associates.
When time to go out, yes, probably meet them at a night club, bar and tons of us
but they are not friends.
Don’t believe much of what you see out there.
They are not friends.
They are associates, people we just know, by name, maybe hi, how are you, a
drink but that is really it.

That’s not a friend.
So know the diﬀerence what a friend really is.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you like art?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because the world we live in is a world is ﬁlled with much fear, insecurities,
questions, mistrust and a lot of baggage people carry. So you can give and give,
and it can be thrown back at you.
With art you can give on the paper, sketch pad and canvas and it will never throw
your compliments, your love, dedication back at you.
I have this craving always to give. It’s in me.
I see the potential of all things and that includes in people but I know as well,
through many experiences, you give too much power to people, where you
encourage, give, in words, in compliments, in seeing their potential time and
time again, knowing it’s inside of them, most times to ﬁnd…t isn’t appreciated.
At ﬁrst it is but after time they get used to it and take it for granted, and then
throw it back in your face.
So in essence, I cannot give to people, as much as I can and have to balance it,
have to listen carefully, have to watch out for any insecurities one has, and pull
back if they got that insecurity.
I have to immediately pull back if I ﬁnd they lack of belief in themselves and lack
of trust as well in you.
But with art it is very diﬀerent and it is why I love it as it is my natural state in
which I can give without holding back.
It doesn’t come with emotional draining because you don’t need to really worry
about holding back.
I can give with art all the time and it has always turned out positive in growing in
self awareness, in skills, in even stretching me to see far beyond my mind, and
any condition, or sterotype I may have ingrained in me.
It frees me and it frees all of me not just one part of me.
I feel free to just be myself, as a master, a masculine man, who paints without
wondering if art can take it because I know it can, it expects me to give my all, full
expression without holding back.
It expects me to see it’s best, it’s greatness and it’s incredible potential. It won’t
tell me that it’s not worthy, it’s not that big, it’s not that good, it’s not that because
my self esteem is high so it will reﬂect who I am.
It will say..
“YES! DAMN RIGHT ART IS AMAZING, BIG, INCREDIBLE AND YOU WILL
ACHIEVE AS FAR AS YOU WANT TO GO!”
It is conﬁdent and won’t throw it back at you but people, well, they talk wrong
way most of time. They talk about what they are not, what they haven’t got and
so, art is my outlet and even writing.
See the comment disabled?

I don’t want vaidation. I don’t want acceptance. I don’t care who believes or
trusts, or believes in themselves or not.
This is my time.
This is me giving and you take or you don’t. You use or you don’t. It’s not my life. I
am living my life to full and at end of this answer, I move on.
Believe or not believe, trust or not, it’s ﬁne by me.
Art never questions why I give but embraces all I give.
I can’t with people except if a lover is so trusting in me, can see me for who I am
from inside and knows when I compliment, give, and see only good in the person,
and see their ﬂaws as beauty, but it can be diﬃcult as we are human beings,
complex with insecurities, and so sometimes I have to balance, have to pull back
and that saddens me when it happens.
Because my natural state is to give, to support, inspire and nuture greatness I see
in whoever I am in love with or whoever I am coaching in certain skills.
But with art, it never stops to say it loves you back consistently.
You only have to pick up the pencil or brush and paint, and it will reveal it’s love
for you in all it’s wonder and it will say..
“Thank you for believing in me and so, I believe in you too.”
Art is a gift of trust and so I don’t abuse the trust it gives me.
It acknowledges, it embraces you and it never stops saying so but people in the
other hand switch up and down, like a roller coasters.
While art, can ﬂow, naturally and you can trust it will always give if you give
consistently.
When you give to art, you really also give to yourself.
That is someting most people don’t understand in the power of giving even with
compliments.
Most of us give genuinely and when we give time and time again, we are also,
giving to ourselves, to make ourselves feel humanity, to feel the giving, to share
how feeling of goodness and hope.
nstead of “Thank you, I love you so much for these words, thank you!” you hear the
opposite from most people when you give like that because they expect the
worse, they expect bad, they see themselves as little and unworthy.
From Thank you, you suddenly ﬁnd it come with mistrust and suspicion and
when that happens, they don’t realise, they just made all then give that was, as
nothing.
When you give to art in your dedictation, it doesn’t throw it back, it takes you as
you are, even your ﬂaws, and embraces all you are. It takes all your compliments
and dedication as it is and without question or suspicion.
But with most people just cannot see there is potential in them because they
heard far too much of what they aren’t, have said it also to themselves and think
compliments are expectations when they are not.
Reminder again what it is..
“Most of us give genuinely and when we give time and time again these
compliments, we are also giving to ourselves, to make ourselves feel humanity, to
feel the giving, to share how feeling of goodness and hope. We want to feel good

about ourselves and so we see potential in others and we compliment genuinely in
small and sometimes grand ways and consistent in our giving.”
People want predictability as they can trust that more than the unseen in which
there is far more than what is happening around us.
That’s why most people would rather believe in the bad boy than good, the bad
than the good, because even when they say they want good, when it comes it’s
not enough.
People want factual but factual isn’t what moves your feelings.
Factual doesn’t inspire you to overcome failures but a deep desire of emotions,
feelings, memories and stories of great achievements in life of other artists who
saw potential in themselves and the world around them.
I cannot call myself an artist if I cannot see the great potential in myself and
others to inspire to push one self to greater heights in our skills.
It is predictable and drama is that..
It is predictable and pain is that.
It is predictable to stay in the comfort amongst insecurities and say it is because
of good nature but rather, lack of resources in life, in fear of lonliness in one self
and when one is low is resources they are desperate to stay put in the worse
conditions and with people who bring drama in their life.
It is predictable to want negativity instead of positive.
Predictable to want to see ill of one self than one’s own potential.
Sad really but that’s how it is with so many people today.
You see potential, you say it time and time again and it will be thrown back
at you, at some point.
I guarantee you now, if you speak of potential to someone, for a long time, on and
on bigging them up, they will behave in a predictable manner to mistrust you
because it is predictable to also see the bad rather the potentiality that exist in
themselves.
But that’s not your problem.
That’s when you realise…
“Ah you are not my equal after all. Now I see.”
In that moment all the giving you gave tears asunder and you don’t feel like
giving to the people who threw it back.
You switch it oﬀ and attraction towards them…dies, done, you walk away and
they don’t know why sometimes, or they do, but it is a mistake they repeat time
and time again, as that is their psychological script and they wanted to make
their world predictable.
You live in a diﬀerent reality ﬁlled with possibilities and you have seen those
possibilities, you have seen your own potential, you know where you are, and you
know you was nothing much but you knew you had potential as all people have.
So your self talk to yourself of the good, of greatness, of what can happen, what
will happen, mastering your mind, telling it that you are the captain of the ship.
I do it anyway because that is my nature.
I see potential while other folks won’t in see it in themselves.

That is why people push conﬁdent men and women away, who speak in seeing
potential in someone and the conﬁdent people dissappears from people’s lives
because the low self esteem individual is rooted in wanting predictable i.e. PAIN,
DISAPPOINTMENTS and LACK OF LOVE.
Some mistrust it for themselves to dissappear and fade back to their medicore,
tedious, predictable life of never really growing.
They will trust that more than the law of potentiality.
Most people can’t even take someone loving them never mind constant genuine
compliments but with art it’s diﬀerent for me.
1. I can give to art and push myself to the limit in giving it all my aﬀection,
all my love, dedication and so much more in time.
2. I can be consistent without shame too and without worry it will be trown
back at me.
3. The paper and canvas t will never complain how much I give and how
many times I paint those strokes and lines, and details.
4. The canvas, the paper, the tools I write and even with writing, it will
never bark back at me in telling me that I am giving to much, that I
expect too much.
5. Art woould never say I give too much and it cannot take it but people
will. People can. People do. People can be ungrateful fucks and forget
where they were and what they didn’t have.
6. Art hasn’t got two faces, it doesn’t give signals, hints, it gives what you
give to it on that canvas, on that paper. If you hide, if you don’t be direct
and do it, Art doesn’t lose out but you do. You don’t get good at it and
you make it hard for yourself.
7. I can give all of me and it will not show lack of gratitude, it will not
contradict me but people would contadict. They could complain, bitch
how it doesn’t give me back and yet they don’t give enough to others
themselves. Or that art is selﬁsh but they themselves are selﬁsh. They
contradict themselves always but art is a
8. I decided to paint, draw, give from myself and so, I know, without a
shadow of doubt art embraces all I am and what I give. People don’t.
They say they do but they don’t.
9. People are ﬁckle, people are emotional, people love you one day and fuck
it up the next day.
When they get enough of a good thing, they forget they were lonely, they
forget no one gave a shit about them, they forget what they longed for
after they tasted what they so prayed for, hoped for and desired.
When it is given to them time and time again they forget and bark back
and behave in a manner in switching oﬀ what love desires.
But art, no.
You can sketch and grow, give and you become master of your trade.
People can come and go and you will still grow and be a master of your
trade. Women can come and go, and you will achieve mastery in art.
With art, you get back what you give in regards to level of your own self
development and skill and even currency, money, if you know how. Most
artist don’t know how and think art will sell because its art. They get so

personal with it they forget it needs concept, marketing, sales, and a lot
more if you want to make money and lifestyle from art.
I get so much satisfaction and I trust art more than I will ever trust people. It will
always be with me while most people promise and say how they admire you, love
you and so on, but you may ﬁnd these are just emotions and words .
I can give to art, I can compliment it every second, day, week, month and it will
never bark back at me, and say I gave too much or that I was wrong about it.
I can give art all myself and it will reward me with Mastery of skill but most
people, you give to them, and give, and they will one day bark back at you with
lack of trust due to their own insecurities, own fears and own level of self
development.
Not the canvases I paint on.
Not the paper I sketch on.
Not the tablet I draw on.
Never has art ever let me down, ever.
People have.
You give love to people and even if the personis the right person, down the line
they may have insecurit8ies which gets them to mistrust you but art is diﬀerent.
It’s like Nature.
I can walk through it’s valleys and Peaks and it will embrace all I am, without
question. I can camp all day and every week without it shouting how I keep it
company for too long and give too much.
But most people, their desires shift, they forget and that is why people need to
remember and sometimes, they don’t until what they so wanted, walks away and
them, oh then, it is far too late.
But art, it is never too late.
You can go back to it and start again.
It is forgiving even at your worst time when you’re impatient and want to see well,
do the fundamentals well, master the basics and advance level.
You can go back to it and it will welcome you and you can start all over again,
with sketching, painting and growing.
Not so with people.
People are human with hearts, desires and emotions in which their desires shift,
can be ungrateful, can be selﬁsh, can think nothing of their own. They say they
want love but do not embrace it when it comes and question it. They saw they
want comfort, encouragment and for one to see more than what they see in
themselves.
But when that happens, they become ungrateful, they forget, they question it,
they become untrusting of it.
So Art for me, is very deep and personal, in that I can give to Art and it will
welcome all my giving for as long as I give.
Not so, with most people in this world.
I don’t like Art.

It’s who I am and it’s a medium in which can keep giving and sketch, draw, paint
and make it part of my identity in my work in dating and sexual materials.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get a guy to feel regret that he wasted me? We don't
speak but he has me over WhatsApp.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Was there some space in which you didn’t keep in touch and just
dissappeared, like for weeks or month, as that can do it.
Or has there been some drama, negativity?
Did you throw any compliments back at him because that can turn oﬀ a
guy as a sign you don’t trust him?
Did you speak about some guy, ex, or crush on someone?
Or is it that he hasn’t took intiative after some messages?
As we don’t know the full story of the “shit that happened,” so we can only
assume and even then he will only know.
If he hasn’t replied to your last message, if you have called him and he still
pratting about, then you did what you could.
It needs two people to build on attraction and sometimes, one person is insecure,
or using you for stimulus, to the go and fuck someone else, or they just weren’t
that interested.
Good looks are all well in good but it takes more for some guys.
Best to invest on someone else who will appreciate your time, appreciate you
giving, and not throw it back at you or try all that dumd ghosting pathetic stuﬀ.
Playing hard to get isn’t only going to frustrate you, can even make you depressed
and most of all, you’ll be investing on someone who isn’t really worth it.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should a woman or girl feel embarrassed when they dress
lightly/revealing in public?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A girl doesn’t feel embarrassed because she thinks she’s doing something wrong.
She’s not. She will feel it because society is socially engineered, designed,
conditioned that way to make her feel the social pressure.
Social pressure is the eﬀects of a very clever strategy designed centuries ago and
has been going on ever since.
But social pressure is where people are inﬂuenced by their social peers,
individuals, and society as a whole, which adopts and follows their peers, and
this eﬀects the changing of people’s attitude, values, behaviours to…..conform.
Conform to what?
Comform to the inﬂuencing group and individuals.
This was done through centuries of social conditioning to such a level even the
approaching a guy or girl, or doing a simple thing as just walking out of a crowd
while you’re in a middle of a theatre performance… and your dying to go for a piss
but you don’t get up because,…
“OOooh what will people think of me?”

That means, you don’t even have to wear light revealing clothes in public to feel
social pressure.
You can wear none revealing, and heavy coat and even shades and you will feel
social pressure.
You can wear what everyone wears and feel social pressure.
It’s there for a reason.
For her to comform and so she is battling herself against comformity to be an
individual in a world that says be yourself but the World wants you to be yourself
in the way they want you to be.
So she feels that pressure not because she’s embarrassed. Her mind is getting hit
left, right and centre, and her real centre inside of her is saying to her..
“Fuck them! I want to be me. I want to just BE ME!”
But social conditioning program inside of her is saying..
“OOooh but what will people say? What will relatives say? What will friends think?
What will guys think? Oooh. You’ll be seen as a slut, whore, too easy if you do that!”
Two people inside battling it.
One is fake and one is real or the Natural Woman state.
So she will always feel that, any girl would and any guy would feel social pressure,
no matter what you wear.
You’ll feel embrassed and even judged when you haven’t done a damn thing.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

If you could know the absolute truth to one question, what
question would you ask?
Adam Taha, Life is a one way ticket. Make it a amazing ride.
Answered Jun 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question
would you ask?

The absolute truth?
Are there other life in out there in space?”
I’d probably push it by adding to question if I can get away with it..
Are there other life out there in space, who are they, where are they and why haven’t
they shown up yet?
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lanae Cruz

What is the best strategy for ﬁnding a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You don’t ﬁnd a girlfriend. You get a life.
2. You don’t ﬁnd a girlfriend. You get active big time in your passion.
3. You don’t ﬁnd a girlfriend. You go and engage girls as you go and do your
activities. Never, ever, work around girls but do what you always do, and
when you meet girls you engage as you walk on your path.
4. You don’t ﬁnd a girlfriend. You attract them because they go for certain
traites, and values, and so your behaviour will attract them.
5. You don’t ﬁnd. You attract. Period.

The era of the digital world has now opened doors for guys but if you’re shit
oﬄine you’re going to be shit online too because of many reasons…
Oﬄine as an example
Hasn’t got a life. So makes girls centre of life
Hasn’t got knowledge on girls and not fantasy crap norms teach
Mindset weak and puts girls on pedestals.
Suﬀers easily from oneitis
Thinks good, nice is attraction
Lacks social skills
Lack conversation skills
Lack understanding of attraction and proces
Has no options so depleted numbers of girl. No resources.
Lack of rich experiences, stories, conﬁdence in this area
Hence, no sexual appeal
His averages is then visually at his worse and makes him look worse
Now watch how this plays online…
1. Lack of knowledge and experience with girls.
2. Putting girls on pedestals
3. Lack of social skills
4. Lack of conversation skills
5. Lack of understanding of attraction and process
6. No clue how to dominate in the online world
7. So no clue in how to attract using what one has
8. Sees attractive women out of his league
9. Has no options so depleted numbers of girl. No resources.
10. Lack of quality high photos that show lifestyle
11. Hence, no sexual appeal.
12. His averages is then visually at his worse and AMPLIFIED 100 FOLDS
online.
No strategy needed because no strategy is going to work for you until you get the
basic fundamentals in order.
Start building your life, get active, approach tons of girls and engage, for
knowledge only.
You can forget dating and getting laid for 2 years.
You’ll see what I mean if you just approach. You’ll get stuck real fast and run out
of what to do, say, and so on because your mind is over thinking too much to
impress girls and on what to do.
So you need to do lots of drills, in approaching girls, engaging them and learn not
to impress but to attract, and that’s what a lot of guys don’t learn early enough.
It needs to be done while living your life, because you’ll cross path with many
girls, who are already on your path while..you’re doing your passion, job, interest
etc.

19.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to text a girl after you've messed up things
with her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best thing?
Yes, sure…
Move on.
Don’t worry about it. She did you a favour and any who say..
“oh but you overwhelmed her,” believe, if he it was a guy some hot shot good
looking model, she won’t give a shit.
She’ll drool waiting and wanting a lot more text from the guy.
Yes, even if he just put a fucking smiley face to her text, she won’t give a damn
and still be drooling over him.
As for text is not ideal for connecting, it is pure nonsense.
I use it a lot and it works to build on attraction, and to later lead and no, I never
apologise for being myself, and so, if girls expect me to read their minds, as they
fade away, or they don’t keep texting, or whatever, I don’t ever apologise, for their
passiveness, their mental games, their insecurities, their immaturity and choices
they make.
If I said to a woman “fuck you,” sure I’ll apologise.
If I said to a woman “you bitch,” sure I’ll apologise.
If I did something wrong, I would.
If I found I hurt someone and they told me, I would.
The last thing I ever want to do is hurt someone, no matter who, doesn’t have to
be my lover, just anyone and so I will do my best to not do so, but it doesn’t mean
I am a doormat, a push over or someone who supplicates.
When girls into some guy, much of the rules they put on other guys goes out
of the window. I know, I am that guy many girls throw their rules out of the
window and not because of my looks.
That means, if she says to everyone she doesn’t have sex on ﬁrst date, guaranteed,
she would do so with a certain guy.
If she said she doesn’t like women, guaranteed, she would with a certain women
that makes her heart race and pussy drip, due to how she sees her attractiveness
and sexual appeal. She’ll drool over her.
I just got LOTS OF BALLS to do what I do.
And I don’t even try ﬁtting in to norms of today that has held back so many
people to never live a life of fun, excitement and adventure.
I put the excitement, fun and adventure into dating and life.
People forgot all about it and just think they cannot do better and cannot be with
someone who is so into them, to have incredible connections.
Understand this right now and learn as you go along and don’t be hard on
yourself and also avoid supplicating and apologise for showing interest.

If ever there was something you can improve on, then I can share some from
years of experience to help you along…
1. You didn’t show intent from the begining before you got her number
2. You didn’t get her to show attraction to you and made it clear attraction
is mutual
3. You didn’t qualify her ass, for investing a moment with her, never mind
texing her
4. And when she behaved in a manner in which she didn’t show it, you
rewarded her for her behaviour by texting more.
Note to girls reading this..
Yes girls, we can see the blue tick that you read the text message but don’t
reply. No matter, you’re only one girl on this planet and so we don’t bother
investing anymore if that is how you behave.
That is why we have many girls on our phone, keeping our options open,
seeing who behaves in a manner that respect us as you don’t approach
guys, but guys come to you, but we are MEN and so we don’t have that
much of a go in you approaching us.
That is why you see it as us guys seeing it as a number game but that’s your
mindset in your world, our world is very diﬀerent. We approach far more
than women ever do, and your interest can come and fade anytime for
many reasons! One of them is lack of patience and emotions dancing about
and not sticking to guy until you meet.
And only time you do stick, is when you’re biological clock is ticking or you
know, for real, that guy is valuable in many ways to ever mess up with
games, hints and silent treatment and acting so up on a pedestal.
No wonder many guys don’t approach as much today and most never will
now, due to a lot of hassle with dating women. Too much hassle, too much
games, too much drama.
5. I do say to girls to behave as a lover or fuck oﬀ out of my face, in a polite
manner, or I won’t even bother texting them anymore.
6. You didn’t have options, but focused on one girl who thinks her pussy
and ass is the holy grail and you got some folks here…wanting you to
supplicate to her, giving the excuses that if you send this or that, it looks
like this, and so apologise.
I am not saying be some asshole how hurts women or anyone but what I am
saying is this..
She’s isn’t special or unique.
Do you know when a girl is special and unique to you?
She has shown intent that attraction is mutual but that is not enough as
yet.
She is consistent that even if a time span of a year or two goes by, she is
really into you and will wait as life can get in the way, and any who make
excuses about life to not text, to not keep in touch then they too can fuck
out of your life. Raise the bar.
RAISE it high because this is an era when men need to avoid putting
pussy before heir standards any longer.

She doesn’t play games and giving the silent treatment. Then uses social
media being active with liking, sharing and following?
If you can do tha girls on here and anywhere elkse, you got time to text that
guy. Get on with it. This here isn’t as big as the real world and what can
come with being with that guy whether you meet him today or months or
years. That is fsar more than pissing about following, liking, posting selﬁes
to big up your ego to the world.
She embrace your ﬂaws and want you for who you are. Those who don’t
it’s ﬁne. They can fuck oﬀ back to fantasy land and believe that it is easy
to ﬁnd are breeds of men in this world.
It’s not easy but they will ﬁnd out soon enough but by that time, they are
older and older men desire younger as time goes by.
When you attract such a girl who behaves and has shown mutual attraction
and is consistent no matter how long it takes to meet or if you are at the end
of the planet…….
You give the same deep mutual respect, investment and consistency as well
when you attract a girl like that. She is now your equal as she behaved as
such, as your equal.
That’s what makes her special and unique but before that, she is a human and a
girl, like every damn girl on this planet to not invest more in.
She’s done you a favour..
For yourself, from now on..
Add these steps to help you to screen out girls and make sure from day one, they
are mutually attracted to you and behave as such.
Make sure she says it verbally, that mutually attraction with you exists.
Make sure she behaves as such. See her words. If her words do not align
with her actions, her behaviour, move on to another girl you got on your
phone which you should have due to approaching many girls.
Avoid texting a girl until you have establised intent with her.
Never take her number if she hasn’t shown intent before your eyes.
Of course, it be diﬀerent if it’s a dating website or some dating app where
you just swipe, or login to a dating website to send messages and so on.
if her reply is ambigious, close that door shut, burn that bridge and move
on. Don’t look back but move forward. Learn to move forward faster,
learn to screen faster, learn.
Because no matter what you think, girls will do the same without a
thought, without even telling you, without a message, without any
respect for themselves and you, because..
“It’s my body.”
It is as well but it is our fucking time, our investment so to hell with that
talk. Behave as such or they can piss oﬀ back to your boring life and
belkueve me, their life is boring, is tedious and nothing ever like what they
post on facebook and instagram. They are human beings just like you and
full of pimoing their sexual and appearance, and life image.

When you got that mindset, when you see reality for what it is, you’d never
be intimidated by girls/women ever again.
If it’s mobile phone you are texting and the attraction hasn’t been
estabalished as I mentioned….don’t text the girl.
Qualify her and yes, I did say that.
Qualify her, she has to show she is mutually attracted to you, with clear
words and behaviour or move on.
I don’t text girls who haven’t moved their ass to show intent when I do.
The ones who do show and fade oﬀ, are the ones who haven’t got a damn clue
about building on attraction and will move onto other guys, on and on, not
realising the gem they probably left behind.
Let them. It’s their choice.
They have shown who they are by their behaviour.
That’s the amazing thing about life.
Free will and choice.
But then no woman or man needs to bitch about why woman or man doesn’t
desire them, or does this or that when you can raise the bar and have boundaries,
to let anyone know how you desire to be treated or they can walk back to
wherever they came from.
Silence from them says it all.
Second, I do give room when a girl says she needs some time as shit is happening
in her end. No problem. I understand and have empathy but also..I have options.
I cannot trust these words but I also have empathy if it’s true.
If I hear…..
“Adam, I’m really sorry, I missed you. I am having some problems and can’t text for
a while, a few weeks or so..”
I have empathy.
Girls need their space like everyone else.
They need their world. They need to not be controlled, and treated like their
parents treat them.
They need to breathe, without jealousy and possessiveness.
So when that happens, ﬁne but that’s a girl who does desire you and cared
enough to say so, and she will drop a message here and there, and not dissappear
for weeks and months without a word, taking you for granted as she using social
media, and here, liking, voting, answering, sharing, posting selﬁes.
However, they know I got options and some, well, some will go, fuck someone,
whatever, and bullshit later on and that’s ﬁne.
I am not monagamous but I expect some standards, in how one behaves.
No girl is special to you until she shows by her action, and it’s balanced. Until she
shows respect for the guy and he does same for her.
It’s both ways.
You cannot just put it on the girl where she gives and gives, and you don’t. That’s
playing games and that’s not right.

You always do the right thing but you also have standards and you do not
supplicate to girls. Not because she is girl but because you don’t need to beg for
their time.
Either a girl is interested in you and behaves as such, or not.
There is no between. There are no grey areas. There is no need to overthink this
through. There is no need for guessing.
Best invest in the one who is interested in you, who does communicate it, who is
consistent and who is patient enough to embrace your ﬂaws, talks and
communicates her needs and who is compatible with you….which is very
important.
Move on, don’t over think it.
Don’t apologise.
She’s not worth a second of your time to think about.
She’s only one girl on this planet.
If that sounds harsh, assholish, welcome to reality.
16.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I let my girlfriend wear a top that reveals her nipples?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no letting her do anything.
If my lover wears top and wants to reveal her nipples, I have embraced all of her. I
would have already known from day one, she wants to do that. While most people
jump in, which I do but I take care of a lot of things ﬁrst and this is one of them.
The values, the compatibility, from the big to little and so, no. I will not bother
with it as I accepted her as she is, and I like how she is, and I don’t ever want my
lover to change just because it makes me uncomfortable and…by the way, it
won’t.
I keep saying this word over and over again = compatibility.
If people just get this sorted out, take their time on this, be patient to sort this out,
it will prevent so much drama in one’s life.
For now…
You can dislike what she wears, you can share your opinion calmly but then leave
it alone, and don’t argue about it, manipulating, forcing and so on.
If you cannot take that, then you best ﬁnd someone who is compatible in which
she doesn’t like revealing her nipples.
Personally, girls grow up already in a family telling them what to do, what to
wear, when to go out, when to not go out and on and on it goes. And guys also go
through some of that too.
So the last thing is having lover rising with this Parent Ego state for them to feel
they are right back home, and they don’t see a lover now but someone behaving
like a parent.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What's your opinion on the style of someone who walks the
streets in an unzipped hoodie with no shirt underneath during

the summer?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it makes you happy and you’re also smart that you don’t go to a job interview
like that, and yes, I know it’s not you, then hey, do whatever you want.
Put middle ﬁnger at world and just do whatever you want.
End of the day mate, you will get the results of whatever it is you sow. I’m not
going to live your life or whoever wears how they wear.
They will.
Now if you asked what would I say to someone who comes at me telling me what
to wear yada yada, well that be a diﬀerent story.
Of course I will say “go fuck yourself..”
In a polite manner, like roll my eyes and not acknowledge them as I wear what I
want but I also wear, in a sense with understanding of social dynamics rules.
For example, let’s say my lover wanted me to visit her family, then I’d like to make
the impression of a diﬀerent kind. I want her to feel relaxed not awkward and
have to battle my life and world.
That’s her world and I respect her world, and so I take consideration, time to
think about her world and I care about her mental, emotional and so on.
If it’s a wedding and my lover wanted to me to come along then again, I
understand how it is in world, and how it feels for her as it does eﬀect my lovers
life too.
If it’s a business or job, then again, I’d dress in an certain manner ﬁt for that.
In other words, I wear what I want but I also taking into consideration of other
factors.
So you or anyone wear whatever, as you will in end live with the results and I live
by whatever I wear and how I behave, and I live with the results. Owning all of it
and no blame on anyone else if something negative happens.
Though I don’t give a fuck, I like to think I care about those around me, and I
bring no ill or harm to them.
Out in world I do whatever and with those close, from relatives and lovers,
though I do whatever I want, I still take consideration about them too.
So one needs balance and context.
395 Views · View Upvoters

As a girl, can I go up to a guy and ask if they want to have sex
right then and there?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It’s not what you say but how you say it.
Even the most conﬁdent like you to capture them with some ﬂirting converse
which will then lead to you fucking him side ways.
You’re asking about some guy we have no clue of where he is in life, his
psychology and also his own insecurities. He can also be a guy who pre-judges
and so, it can trigger something.
I would do the following..

Approach and be fun, ﬂirt. Instantly be diﬀerent to most women. No
small talk. Be fun ﬂirtatious.
Use subcommunication in your words in sexual manner (fun)
Use Physical touch as you converse and engage
Be conﬁdent as you arouse him
Always be fun, sexual but in a fun way
Escalate with lots of touches/facial expressions/lick lips with eye contact
Let him see he’s going to have one helluva sexual experience with you
Now say what you got to say for him to lead or you lead.
So try that but do be ﬂirtatious, escalate with your body language, words and
physical touch on his arms, hands and…his leg while sitting together.
All this can be done on same ﬁrst meeting and lead to sex on the same night/day.
So it’s not what you say, it’s how you say it, with being fun, ﬂirt, like your boiling
water, heat it up and he’ll engage to follow through with you.
704 Views · View Upvoters

What do girls not want guys to know?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most girls don’t want guys to know…
1. They feel lonely
2. They’re life is boring and tedious
3. They are not fragile and princesses but that doesn’t mean they don’t hurt
4. They got lots of insecurities
5. They fear rejection like the plague
6. They compare their looks, ass, tits, height, hair with other girls but not
like how guys do. It can be “I so want to eat her out,” but most of the time
it’s seeing her ass and she’s like “Go on girl! You look so ﬁne! I am going
to do some squats too!”
So it’s seen as positive but some girls envy and become competive in a
jealous way.
7. They masturbate in shower, bath, on pillows, with vibrator, using ﬁngers
and whatever they can use….and hope…..mummy or daddy doesn’t ﬁnd
their sex toys, hidden somewhere in a secret hide out in the bedroom.
8. Most have already experienced sex before they are 16 years old and crave
for it as they get older but won’t tell you.
9. Most are into the kinky hard core, raw and desire a guy can lead and
dominate sexually as some don’t really know what to do even if they do
have experience.
10. Some want a dominant guy who leads sexually to experience what she
cannot get from other guys and she knows very well, she cannot get the
feeling, exciting, adventure, and the charisma as well as the sexual
experience that will give her multiple orgasms while she can be free
without fearing of being judged to be herself.
11. They do care about their look even when they say they don’t
12. They get jealous easily but won’t tell you

13. They are on their period
14. They like to be adored, admired, for their intelligence, smartness and
yes, depends on the guy, for their beauty as well. It depends always on
the guy. See point 17.
15. They fear being seen as sluts, whores and too easy
16. They hate doing signals and hints, because they wish they were free
enough to just be themselves and not be ostractised, judged, pointed at,
isolated by other girls, friends and society. See point 8.
17. They say they look for personality but really, they mean if he’s good
looking, hot, or exciting then yeah, they want that guy ;)
18. When they say they don’t like guys approaching, they mean if he isn’t
attractive, hot, sexy as hell, then she doesn’t but if he is, she will drop
down to her knees and give him a blow job right there and then. She’ll
drool over this guy and panic, and just because of his looks.
19. They wish guys just lead and stop being a damn pussy
20. They wish guys knew what they were doing with approaching, dating
and making it easier for girls to just know the guy is attracted to them
and wants to date them
21. They are also checking other guys out, probably fucking some guy while
you’re texting them. Hint. She hasn’t text for weeks.
22. They don’t want you talking about girls and ex’s in front of them. And
yes, what the fuck is all that about guys?
Keep that shut but so should the girls too. Boundaries! And ﬁnd your
balls and move on from the ex already, jeeesh. Get on with it.
23. They talk about guys and ex in front of you to shit test if you’re conﬁdent
or do it because they insecure and immature.
24. They’ve been hurt before so don’t lie, cheat. Just be yourself
25. They are always evaluating. They can say they want you to fuck them in
the ass and blah blah, but then, they can fade away like a ghost. That’s
why guys needs options, always.
26. They are impatient but it is this and/emotions that will fuck most over
when they date because they don’t take time to know the guy, even if it’s
just sex or for real, a long-term relationship.
27. They are not smart. They don’t call you, text you but not smart as they
are on here and other social media sites active like rabbits chasing
carrots, with follows, votes, and likes.
28. They don’t want promises you can’t fulﬁll, so promise only what you can
deliver.
29. They shit test because they are insecure and learnt that crap from other
women, mainstream and friends
30. They think playing hard works and most will learn soon enough it
doesn’t on conﬁdent men
31. They hate seeing guys can go out and do whatever but when it’s them,
Daddy and Mummy goes all Terminator on them, and dream of one day
spreading their wings and ﬂy to live their life without all these rules.
;)
956 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by William McMichael

How do I get personal info on someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t. You move on.
Unfortunately, some of our best decisions will not live up to the promise that they
initially held as we contemplated our choice and so this gut instinct, though you
can be right sometimes, you can also be very wrong many times.
It’s why I don’t pre-judge someone, on what they said on phone, text but rather I
see their behaviour through time, as I meet and get to know them, and I found
that has helped me far more than any gut instinct fallacy.
Because as much as I have been right with my gut insinct, like everyone else, I
have also been wrong. So you grow wise, mature and you understand that our
own insecurities, our own fears, our own perception can get in the way.
Happens a lot.
Seen it many times with women and men, mostly women with dating, and they
get it all wrong and fuck up big time. I have seen where so many made bad calls
on other people and they either lost a great friend, a lover, an opportunity or
something.
So as much as we make good decisions, we can also make an awful lot of bad
decisions too.
One example happened when one woman did same as you, and had this idea and
a year later apologised because she found out, the reason why I didn’t tell her the
full story, on why I didn’t travel to see her, was my mother died.
The best I found, is if you feel you don’t trust the person, don’t waste your time
and energy on ﬁshing for information.
You take yourself out of the picture and stay back and no, not because of gut
instinct but because you don’t trust the person. What’s the point in getting to
know someone you already don’t trust.
There’s no point.
People, even honest ones don’t tell you everything and many pre-judge, we all do.
I’ll give you another example…
I had an accident with my bike, as I take risks and went down this massive hill,
and well, fell and damaged some of my teeth. Told that to some folks, and said I
won’t meet until I sort this out and funny thing about people, they start prejudging because they believed you don’t want to see them, or you’re hiding
something.
It was nothing like that.
I was working hard earning the money, which is over thousands of pounds to sort
the dental care I need and even then, I still kept in touch with text or phone. My
character doesn’t change up and down, because of my dick.
If they cared enough they’d call to visit but they didn’t.
The one’s that did found out the full story for real and we laughed, and got even
closer.
I even had someone who was honest enough to say they thought I didn’t want to
see them, and here’s the thing….they’ve known me for years!

Fortunately I know how to make money so it be sorted but it’s not small money
but it’s ﬁne, it can all be ﬁxed, as money is there.
One thing though I found out who is really into me in those hard times, not in
easy hot sexy tension times, becaue when that is switched oﬀ, then you see the
real deal with people just seek stimulus due to their own boring life.
So we can make good decisions but also plenty of bad ones too.
See how gut instinct can be wrong?
Just because I used one diﬀerent word or I said something diﬀerently from
before, just a phrase, they took it the wrong way.
If gut instinct was so fanastic, you won’t see people making terrible decisions
with dating, relationships, and many things in life.
It’s human and so you will make bad decisions and bad choices but you’ll also
make good ones as well.
If you don’t trust someone, best to stay away and move on with your life.
You can of course use lots of free tools for criminal records and all that, but why
bother. There’s no point.
Just move on.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date a man who is perfect in every aspect but isn't
loyal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“except that he has tendency for ﬂings”
That’s not about loyalty.
That’s about preference in lifestyle he wants to live.
There are many in monagmous to other relationship models people are not loyal
in as loyal is about trust, not keeping their word, not keeping promises, lying, not
being consistent and so on.
Now if he is doing that, lying to you, not keeping some promise, letting you down,
then that’s diﬀerent or you’re dated him and he didn’t tell you and you found out
by seeing it yourself.
However, from what I see it is your own perception regarding sexuality and not
about loyality, and I would date and have sex, and be in relationship with women
who have relationships with other men or women, or both.
I’m not monagmous and I don’t see ﬂings but a person’s preference and how they
want to live their life.
It’s best to avoid trying to ﬁx and change the man, which is common and leads to
nothing but frustrations and it pisses oﬀ men/women more than anything else.
Best to walk away if you are not into men who desire other women too and ﬁnd
someone compatible with you and the relationship model you lean towards.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad if a girl says, “I'll see”, after you ask her if she wants us
to get to know one another?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, for her.
Because you have a lot of sense to walk away and not bother with girls who like to
play games than giving you a direct answer.
Because they either trying to act like they all that, or they just avoiding conﬂict or
awkwardiness like cowards, instead of just saying no.
Be smart.
She can see your backside as you walk away for her to never have that chance
again.
That’s what I’d do but then again, I don’t ask girls that question like I need her
fucking permission and that I need her in my life.
I’d ask with conﬁdence, and if I don’t get a direct answer without ambigiouity and
half hearted reply, she made it easier for me to shut that door, and burn that
bridge right there and then.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do active people ﬁnd girlfriends? (I am a 20-year-old
sportsman and still without a relationship.)
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It seems you got it up side down, don’t worry, most guys and girls do when it
comes to dating and over think too much. It shows big time that you fear
rejection and don’t do enough engaging with girls and haven’t much knowledge
in this area and nor the experience due to lack of engaging in it.
For example in your own words..
I’m not that pretty.
Big eyebrow ridge, almost no eyebrow, big nose and strange smile.
Bad combination right?
Then you contradict yourself like many guys and girls with..
“But I don’t care…”
You do care.
You’re human like everyone else, and you do care a lot about it because if you
didn’t, you won’t have mentioned these and you would have grabbed your balls,
and see you got some, and then engaged the girls again and again, and again and
again, one after another until you get emotionally tough, and then you probably
not care…as..much as you did and get a ….yes from a girl who isn’t going to waste
your time.
But you’ll probably meet a girl, get all needy and fuck it up.
Then you’ll go back to the same zone again to do it again, and meet
someone, and again fuck up.
Then go through same cycle, until you gain experience, understanding
about yourself that is honest and you don’t bullshit yourself.
To start succeeding in dating and relationships. Yes, that is what it takes
and let no one tell you otherwise. Some though learn the hard way and
never pick up the lessons in life until either they get real damaged and
need to see a therapist and some learn quick.

Hopefully you’re a quick learner.
Everyone has gone through that phase, and some never get out of it.
You’re not conﬁdent about yourself, because your words says it all. Be real. Be
honest with yourself because I always ﬁnd people who say one thing and do the
other, and the other is behaviour and behaviour says it all.
Hence, your behaviour dictated by the unconscious which got you to spill the
beans early in your details with the question to reveal the truth..
I’m not that pretty.
Big eyebrow ridge, almost no eyebrow, big nose and strange smile.
Bad combination right?
I thought you didn’t care, so why ask if it’s a bad or good combination?
Second, it has nothing to do with your accomplishments and your personality. I
know many got massive achievement and they got personality.
If you don’t engage women, if you don’t invest in knowledge about it, if you don’t
do enough, if you’re shit at it, you get results = 0
Conﬁdence in this without results means = 0
Now get real and go out and engage, and go through the rejections with a mindset
to learn.
Just go out and socialise, engage girls to not even ask them out but to learn, be
comfortable in approaching, socialising and engaging, and conversing.
Because even if you use the internet, if the social and attraction skills is low, it
will show. Internet, dating sites, tinder, social media and other apps, texting are
just tools but in the hands of the experience, it is gold and they can do more than
most will ever dream of doing.
But ﬁrst…sort out your internal dialogue.
It’s very..loud ;)
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

She said she never wants to see me again, but then she calls me
the next day. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, you throw away your boundaries and not give a damn how you like to
be treated, and got her on a pedestal, because if you wasn’t into her, you’d not
give a damn and not bother answering her calls.
All that “what does it mean” is you looking so bad for her to desire you but ask
yourself this question.
Do you deserve to be treated better?
I tell you something. If a woman said that to me and calls me, she won’t even ever
experience me picking up or replying to her text. I’d have blocked her so she
knows, if she thinks I’m some desperate guy with no options, she got it all wrong.
Forget what it means.
Don’t let people treat you like a doormat and think they can talk in that way and
then come back like nothing has happened.

5k Views · View Upvoters

Do men wonder or worry why she hasn't texted for a while like
she always does?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, some do. Some don’t. Those who don’t isn’t because they don’t care. We’ve
just have a lot of options because from experience we’ve seen women play games,
and some who don’t, were just making all kinds of excuses.
But now because some have options, we don’t worry about why woman doesn’t
text but that doesn’t mean, as an example of myself I don’t text. I do lead, I do
intiate, I do give a lot of value, and excitement, and fun with texting and a lot
more.
I do say to women I am conﬁdent so no need to worry if they are busy.
So best with guys to to be direct.
I don’t believe though, anyone is that busy to not text, or too shy and so, if
someone doesn’t text, doesn’t reply, then here’s my take..
“Silence itself says a lot.”
And so I will take this silence as a means to say they moved on, and fucking
someone out there and pretending to be busy. Or just not compatible and a sign
they be shit at relationship in the future.
If a woman isn’t consistent it doesn’t really do much for a man to be inspired and
feel taking much action and take her seriously.
If she is consistent, then the man who is into her, will be consistent as well.
No one likes to give and be treated like shit.
That sames for women who ﬁnd guys as well acting that way.
Fortunately, lovers I am with are very mature, consistent even when really busy
working long hours, That shows the woman is attracted to the man.
If the guy is saying he is shy as a reason, it doesn’t matter.
You have to decide what’s good enough for you and if the investment from him is
not good enough, walk away,
Shy is no excuse. Either be responsible and get on with it or not.
Don’t waste time with people who just can’t even do that. Not shy are they to
fucking go to school, college and one day apply for jobs and go for interviews?
When someone wants you, all excuses gone out of the window but moment they
don’t, they don’t bother.
Take it as it’s not good enough for you and ﬁnd some guy who has balls,
conﬁdence and is very attracted to you.
You’ll ﬁnd you will have excitement, passion even in texting.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Would you send your ex-girlfriend a happy birthday message, if
you have a new girlfriend that you like, but you still love your ex
and she got engaged 3 month ago?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In short…no.
Let me ask you a question and if you want to read the rest go ahead as I explain
more.
The question..
How would you feel, if you are so into someone, in a relationship and that person
did what you’re about to do and you found out?
How would you feel when you’re so deeply attracted to the person, trusted them,
and you’re in a monogamous relationship - and - you found out they did that?
How would you feel?
Be honest with yourself.
You’d feel shit, right?
Then why do it to someone else you’re with or anyone else.
You’re sending that message because it’s a game.
I mean look at the word you use - strategy.
Is that what another human being is to you and relationships? Strategy?
It has another name.
It’s called Transactonal game.
The game is to provoke a response from the other person with hints, doing what
we call…strokes. That message is a stroke and then she strokes you back.
The other person you’re with doesn’t know you’re playing this game, and so you
do so with the agenda of trying to trigger some feeling or using someone else to
ﬁll some void.
Like you both treating those you’re in relationship as standbys.
I don’t bank on hope.
I be honest with the person I am with because it looks to me, you’re not sending a
message as a birthday message and that is it.
You’re doing it to trigger stimulus and that’s called mind games.
When something happens, you’ll probaby do what most men and women do, and
say to your girlfriend and she will say to her boyfriend…
“It just happened.”
Yes, it just happened to send these messages with the “intent” of getting
something going on, hoping something happens, and then it just happened one
of you invited each other to some meal, and then it just happened that you met
each other and then had sex.
Then it just happened you meet again and again, and again.
Then you probably tell someone who is similar to me that it just happened.
And I will say..
“Cut the fucking bullshit. Nothing just happens. You had a choice. You knew exactly
what you was doing and what you was gunning for.”
You know how many people told me they’re smart and they got all in hand, and
fuck up? Plenty and not because they are not smart.

It’s emotions, so you don’t put yourself in that situation.
I am not into monagamy, but if you are..
1. Be honest with your girlfriend. Leave her if you still have such feelings
for someone to even send messages to light up something. Don’t treat
her as a standby.
2. Go and work on yourself and never go into a relationship to ﬁll some
emotions and void. Do it because you so into this person and you pushed
yourself and standards higher than past relationship to never look back.
In short, your intention in sending the message is transactional.
Therefore, let it go and don’t send it and focus on relationship you’re in. Learn to
build what you have or move on.
The person you’re with right now is a human being with feelings, emotions and
can get hurt and that can eﬀect them long-term.
Hopefully you don’t be that guy.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do men really mean it when they say they don't like surgically
enhanced body parts?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the man.
For me, I really don’t care.
As long as the woman herself, is not snob, trying to act all that with me, and we
are mutually attracted, and we get along, I really don’t care.
I’m not going to pre-judge a woman with how she got enhanced body parts or
how many followers she got, or who idoilises and so on.
All I care about is how she treates me, we’re compatible, she doesn’t want to ﬁx
and change me as I don’t want to ﬁx and change her..
That she’s happy with herself and she’s loving life, she sees the good in life and
going for her goals and dreams. And if she hasn’t got dreams and goals but she
loves her parents or people, and sees world as awesome and just paints at home,
because she just likes to paint, ﬁne by me.
All I ever give a damn about is how a woman I am attracted to treats me, how I
feel, and so, her body is her own, and she’s happy with herself and she just has a
great attitude as well to other people.
That’s really it.
As for other men, well billions of them. I won’t know.
Sure, people say one thing and do other but that’s pretty much most people on
this planet and we all wear social mask, don’t we, pretending we so innoncent, so
perfect, so morally inclined, so up there.
But really, we are as shallow as we come but it’s just in diﬀerent ways.
So for me, as long I am attracted to her, compatible in other values and she is
kind, has empathy about world and people she meets long the way. Sorted.
261 Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop myself feeling very distracted by a date when at
work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you connect with a person you’re attracted to…
It brings a wonderful experience, with amazing emotions, feelings.
You ﬁnd yourself just thinking about this person all the time, it’s beautiful, it’s
awesome but what’s maybe getting in the way is some fear of what can go wrong
instead of focusing on what is going right.
And you think the person is going to ﬁll a void when you need to challenge
yourself.
1. You over analyze every tiny move the guy makes and question his
intentions. So let’s say he says something or text and you blow it up out
of proportion when you can ask and talk.
2. You start to overthink and worry of how he might not want you and that
will hurt you because you had a wonderful experience with him, and
most guys, well, can’t even connect with you with words, never mind
physical. Such men are exceptional, experienced and have charisma.
3. You worry he might not think the same way in a week later to months
later and it can hurt. You worry all will go away.
4. Though you become so happy and I mean ﬂying in how such a person
can make your whole body and mind feel this way, and how you can’t
stop thinking about the person….it also comes with lots of questions that
makes you worry too.
The reason is this.
1. You are very attracted to this person. You know you can be very attached
to such a person. You fear if you attach that you’ll get hurt and what if he
doesn’t feel the same way and see the same as you do for the future.
2. You want to so much impress this person, tell him all about everyhing,
the thoughts in your mind which you have yet to share, the desires you
feel which you have yet to share and even if you have shared, there is yet
more of you to share but holding back as well.
3. You want to tell this person what you want to happen and even sexual
conversations with him. Some women get to this stage already very fast
but make mistake to switch oﬀ atttaction. Kind of crazy isn’t it? Doing all
that work, taking all that energy, eﬀort, court to connect and show they
are attracted to someone and when it gets real hot, they screw it up by…
backing away for whatever reason, it doesn’t matter, they screw it up by
backing away. They become cold.
4. You want to feel him now, before you right now, in your presence right
now, and you want to be certain. You want to rush it, ﬂow with many
meetings now, this week, this month sex now, because you think, if you
do, that will keep him, and that will get this person to be certainty for
you.
Don’t get me wrong, nothing is wrong with sex now, and sex now or later
doesn’t keep a man. It is the constant connection, communication and
arousing him that does it. It is the knowing of building attraction and
aﬀection and admiration with him with arousal that can do it which
leads to sex, which creates a bond. Most miss the sexual tension or they
build it but really shabby at being consistent with it.

But what I am saying, instant, now, because of fear or immaturity can do
damage when you can enjoy what is happening. So most people will try
and force it, push it, frame it, label it and even play all sorts of games to
do that too.
You got all these emotions and also some concerns.
The key is this…
1. There is nothing wrong with constant communication with the man. The
right man, the man who desires you won’t give a shit how many times
you text or call. He’s into you.
But also, have a life of your own through week that excites you.
We’re human beings and we enjoy women who behave as our equal, so
don’t put us on a pedestal. We got our own ﬂaws as well.
2. This is your ﬁrst date with him, enjoy just getting to know him, and if
he’s good at conversation, consistent about it…you got gold. That’s hard
to ﬁnd these days but just note it’s your ﬁrst date.
3. Look at other interests, look at your goals, see what you can do for your
life as well. Be excited about your life.
4. Even share that part of you and if he’s someone really into you, he’ll
encourage, he’ll like to see you going for your big goals, and talk about it.
Just note this is your ﬁrst date so relax, enjoy the experience.
5. If you feel your job is tedious, there are things you can do outside your
job - meet friends, join and engage in something you want to learn or
enjoy doing. Something you so wanted to do but never really did it. It
helps as you got something to share with the guy as well but it also
releases stress and focuses your mind on other things.
Just make sure you don’t try being a saviour friends you make who
behave as victims, bring drama in your life because you want to feel
needed, stimulus for how you desire to feel.
That will get you to share to a man drama and not excitement but pain,
darkness and that is not attraction so forewarned, choose people as
friends carefully. You cannot change or ﬁx the person.
One thing to avoid and I like to go into detail about this part...
Whatever is happening isn’t ALL due to this guy and infatuation.
It’s been there before you met this guy and the events in life only makes what is
already in there resurface.
One thing that is already there is…
“My job is uninspiring”
Well, it’s not the job but life in general.
That’s really why your are under performing because you see your job as the end
goal itself when you can see the bigger picture, in which it leads to something
much more.
Or do something outside your job that’s all about you.
Much then of roles is in the comfort zone.

So of course, anything outside yourself will seem to be distracting and then like
most people, rationalise that’s the reason.
It becomes wonderful and scary at the same time when you connect with
someone you’re attracted to and
The internal dialogue kicks in…
“What if it doesn’t happen? What if the person intention isn’t true? What if it doesn’t
work out a month or six month or a year, and long-term future? What if I invest so
much and I get hurt? What if he doesn’t meet me or meets me the second time? What
if this doesn’t happen and that, and this, like last time with someone else?”
Most people who have these thoughts don’t realise that they are making it very
diﬃcult for attraction to grow.
They want to control the outcome and want to do so very fast.
They want that label, that frame, that all experience now and fast.
And if one is not careful they start to do some mind games.
Mind games like…
The waiting game. Waiting for him to text, to call, to kiss, to hold and not
takling respomsobility for one’s own sexuality and what they want.
Being elusive, hiding, waiting and waiting to test if the person cares.
Using Sex like a carrot like one day or week, or months is going to do a
damn thing to keep a man after sex. Either be with someone who wants a
relationshp and not judge the guy and stay away from men who live a life
style that is diﬀerent to most people. Or using sex to say if the guy
doesn’t do something, he won’t get sex.
Silent Treatment game. Not replying to phone answer or text for weeks or
months on end, and wonders why the person isn’t interested anymore.
Playing hard to get game
The Dumb Game. The person knows something in subjects better and
yet plays dumb so the other person does it the work or answers.
The Conversation Game “we need to talk,” but said it to play some game
to get the person’s attention to ﬁnd it’s nothing but about some talk
about some movie or what they saw on then news. Playing the game to
control.
Reverse Pscholiogy Game. Saying how they feel but they don’t feel that
to see what the person is going to say back.
The Baiting game. Asking “do I look fat in this dress?” or “do you love
me?” and then get all upset about the answer. Insecure, childish and
toxic. Faking smiles. Faking behaviour. Testing and it always backﬁre in
the end.
So everything they do and everything they say is all to evaluate, provoking a
response that isn’t from honesty but rather to test someone.
It’s fear.
They even switch oﬀ attraction to test the person or do not realise, that attraction
has to be constant. You don’t leave it after you put all that work in to suddenly
expect it will grow on it’s own.
Even when it’s begining stages, it is best to not belittle infatuation and how it
happens all the time, and how it’s nothing because it’s not “just nothing.”

Such connections are not easy to happen as we have a busy distracting world and
people forget how hard it took to attract someone. They forget the courage they
had and challenges in themselves to take action.
They forget the bigger picture….
He is not the distraction and nor is he someone to pull away from but rather, you
need to look at your own life and challenge yourself.
Invest in your life, social life. or take interest of something you enjoy to build on
for your life.
You don’t know what will happen with you and this guy…
But that doesn’t mean to start over thinking, questioning his intensions and start
controlling due to fear of being hurt, crushed and so on.
Let it grow organically through communication and enjoy the moment.
You embrace what’s happening with the guy, avoid past experiences of negativity
project on him and yourself…and…at the same time have a life of your own that’s
exciting too.
That if the person behaves in a manner to later be distant, to later not show
interest, plays some hard to get game or whatever….
You have the mindset that it’s good they dissappeared out of your life.
It is their loss as you know your self worth.
Believe me, some people are like that.
Get all excited to be part of your life but it is they who cannot keep up and expect
everything right now or they just mess up by over thinking about it all.
That’s when they do all the play hard to get and all games which reveals fear of
abandonment to other issues.
Enjoy what you feel, embrace it all and at the same time…live a good life
yourself…
From meeting new people, look on map where you like to go in the world, interest
you love to do such as scuba diving, volley ball, or writing your own book, or
whatever that makes your heart excited about…your life.
So even when someone does come in your life…your life is also exciting.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What if you see another one of you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Give extra sexual pleasure with women. Double foreplay and…double
penetration
Make public speaking more fun. I speak and he can demonstrate or other
way round and get the audience laughing as we focus on the message.
Have a lot of fun doing magic tricks. When you got absolute look a like,
you can fuck minds up real good for a laugh. Even approach women and
then I walk away and my double is seen again as they later keep walking,
then see us both walking together.
Have more holidays. So if in a job, instead of 5 days a week, we can swop
days. I go to work some days and he goes to work some days.
Finish paintings fast. I sketch and he can paint…and swop.

Finish video editing fast. I arrange the basics structure and he edits on
other computer as we connect our computers together.
Swop jobs or careers for a while, experiemenal research and see what
happens ;)
I probably have a lot of fun just fucking people’s mind up as I am into fun,
exciting and just enjoying life.
11.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if a girl starts responding to me with short and
cold answers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You didn’t show intent. You hide it and play games.
“Because she gives me some signals that she could be attracted to me. and I
give signals to her too.”
2. You don’t take responsibility for your own behaviour.
Instead you behave passive-aggressive. You invest in someone when
mutually attraction has not been verbally revealed from you and her.
You behaved like some nice guy, like you need to ﬁrst prove something to
her with lots of work, lots of investment, lots of texting, when mutual
attraction hasnt been qualiﬁed.
You’re words..
“We text almost everyday..”
3. Much of what you do is secretive.
I take responsobility for my own behaviour by making sure a woman
knows I am attracted to her ﬁrst. I don’t look to be approved. I am of high
value status, high self worth, and know what I got to oﬀer and so, I make
sure ﬁrst attraction is mutual.
Either a Fuck Yeah or a Fuck No.
Even if it’s Fuck Yeah, women can mess up as well, so I have options.
But from what you’re doing, you hide your intentions, you’re secretive,
always assuming, looking for signals and and playing this game in giving
signals, hints…to ﬁnd yourself upset why girls you’re attracted to behave
in this way…and not giving you validation…
In your own words…
“But one day out of nowhere she just starts responding me with only quick
and cold answers.”
4. Develop your boundaries and make them known
When anyone, not just a woman behaves in a manner I don’t like, if they
don’t make me happy, if they don’t communicate consistently or they
don’t communicate in a way that makes me feels good, I do not assume
anything. I have boundaries. I make sure they are known and if they
don’t respect these boundaries, we are done.
Your words..

“And I don’t think I did something wrong… or maybe I’m just being
paranoid right now… I don’t know.”
You didn’t show intent, you don’t have boundaries and so from the start
it is a mess. You did it that way, working hard to win a girl over, and that
is why you don’t show intent.
- You never work to win a girl over.
- She needs to already desire you and it’s mutual attraction.
You need to be upfront with girls, show intent and stop looking for
signals. What you’re doing is what many do, and it will frustrate you
always.
This behaviour also attracts girls who just want attention, who are
immature, who seek not long-term but want little excitement and gone.
When they get it they show lack of consistency, they have no maturity,
cannot keep up and fade oﬀ. They won’t respect you later on. They can
also use you for emotional support but when they got what they want,
they treat you like crap, being cold because your so available.
So make your intent clear, let go of fear of loss. If she doesn’t see you that
way, it’s her loss. Move on
That is why you’re frusrated, wearing a social mask, trying to control the outcome
by not being up front, showing your intent to ﬁnd out if she feels then same way.
You invest too much when you need to invest less in the begining by ﬁrst making
sure girl is mutially attracted.
Correct this behaviour..
1. Show intent in the begining
2. Have options, have other girls
3. Screen each one out
4. Focus on one who is mutually attracted to you and behaves as such
5. Have boundaries always
6. Let them know of your boundaries in a polite fun way
Focus and prioritise on the one who behaves in a manner that shows she is
attracted to you, she is consistent in doing so, she doesn’t make excuses by
dissappearing for weeks and months because she’s fucking some guy and coming
to you for nothing more but emotional support.
No one is that busy!
I am busy and busy than most…but I am never busy for someone I am attracted
to.
Focus on who makes you you feel happy the most and wants the same as what
you want.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

What gift do I give a man who has everything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once, a woman I was dating and it was the ﬁrst week…

“But..you got everything so what can I give you.”
I walked away and never looked back. I wasn’t as patient as I am today but even
then, one thing I really don’t like, is putting one on a pedesatal.
No man has everything.
The one who thinks that hasn’t given enough time to know the man for real, and
listen, and observe, and you will ﬁnd, that man hasn’t everything.
When a man seems like he has everything, you will ﬁnd a lot of people around
him want to take instead of give.
A lot of people want advice but rarely to ever know him.
A lot of people want to give him material to buy his aﬀection,rather just spending
time to get to know him, being patient,and not so impatient like so many people
are today, to want things now,and if they don’t get it now, they drift, and fade
back to their mediocrity.
A lot of people don’t ask that man the right questions, about his life, about
lessons he learnt. instead it is always asking to take, rather than asking to know
the man.
And when it is love, he ﬁnds it is based on fear of loss and so he ﬁnds people who
say they love don’t know the meaning of it. It is but ﬁlled with possessiveness and
fears of loss.
A man of everything, hasn’t really everything.
If a person thinks that then they just don’t know the man enough to know there is
a void, something, in his life and sometimes, he doesn’t even have to say
anything.
You can see it, observe and you see around him, how tough life is for him in the
feeling, in the connection he wish he could have that is tender, that is honest,
that is not about taking from him or putting him on a pedestal but that he is
human,feels, gets hurt, dissappointed about people, world, even simple things.
The man who has everything, doesn’t have everything because he cannot even
have people being conﬁdent in themselves to see him as their equal.
Instead, they see they are less.
You know how tiring that is? It is so frustrating you won’t believe and always
wishing, those around you are stronger, who don’t look or feel less but you’re
equal. It is at times tiring and lonesome.
That can be very frustrating and challenging.
You can give him one thing that he yearns for.
Make him feel alive. See him as your equal.
How you do it is up to you but one way to do is, is ﬁnd out about his desires,
dreams, goals, aspirations, and so much more. Have an opinion. Care about
something. Have a greater purpose you’re passionate about.
Be excited about your life and meet him eye to eye, as equals.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

This girl I just met says she likes me and wants me to go to a
wedding with her but doesn't want to go out before. What does
this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jun 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She wants to impress her friends that she isn’t alone and got someone
going with her to the wedding.
2. She doesn’t want other guys approaching her there so she uses you for
that too.
3. She isn’t attracted to you and is just using you for her personal use and
you is the nice guy she could detect from a mile oﬀ, who can’t say no.
4. Then when she is done with the wedding, it be back to normal in
ignoring you and if you try, she will psychologically put you down that
this wasn’t a date, she didn’t say she wanted to date but to go out to the
wedding.
In other words, don’t be a nice guy.
If a girl is attracted to you, screw the fucking wedding and go out in public
elsewhere in city not to service her social status.
Intent ﬁrst or forget it.
She said what she wants, right?
Now you tell her politely what you want.
No wedding and real deal going out in public, no problem. If she says no, now you
know she isn’t that interested and so you have standards.
That you’re not going to be a doormat for anyone.
Walk away as it’s not good enough for you.
It’s not one sided.
You got an opinion too.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Matthias François

Which one is the prettiest?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jun 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t like answering these kind of questions because they sometimes either
trolls and also don’t make sense at all.
But anyway, I thought I will just this once and I got to say..and this is not me
being all against make up or anything like that, but it’s just this..
I can’t fucking tell.
They all look the same.
Seriously!
It’s like when I went to Barcelona, to Ibiza, to Switerzland, Paris even. You walk
about and every fucking girl looks the same.
Same clothes, same makeup, same hair style, and I’m like bored out of my head
because I want to see some contrast, some uniqueness, at least a rebel who
doesn’t give a shit.
You know, like Grrrr, tiger woman, but no.
I see same and so I got to go really deep, to places to ﬁnd diﬀerence like a night
club that plays rock, or punk and believe me. I’m into Hip Hop but hey, kind of

now fell in love with rock, it’s damn good music.
You see what I mean?
They all just, meh, look the same and nothing against the women in the photos.
Got nothing against them and I don’t know them, and I always ensure to watch it
with pre-juding anyone I see and meet.
But mate, I can’t see the diﬀerence in them to even know who looks aesthetic if
you will, and in mainstream pounding as “beautiful.”
And don’t get me wrong, I am not “oh looks don’t matter.”
But I know as we all do, about all this makeup, with contouring and illusion of
beauty. You see that on Youtube, girl doing contouring on her breast and all over
her face, and then walla!
Looks like a godess with hot breasts.
Hey, ex fashion/model photorapher and I seen it all. So I can’t tell who is
“prettier” because if you want me to say so, you got me strip everything oﬀ.
I’m just saying, I can’t tell diﬀerence, and I’d be like looking left, right, here and
there and then..walk away.
But if the cat is for sale, which Cindy has, let me know!
My Cat, felix needs a new pal..
Look at him on the photo below.
He looks pissed and will soon go Terminator on me if I don’t sort him out with a
cat friend.

3.7k Views · View Upvoters

There's a guy who called me cute, but he says he doesn't like
me. Am I friend-zoned?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a guy calls you cute and he has not shown attraction verbally and dating
you..
1. He doesn’t see you as someone to date
2. He just sees you as cute, ﬂuﬀy, nice, awwww.
3. He sees you as someone who is nice enough to chat
4. You have a innocent child like look about you that he’d so love to tweak
your cheeks and say “awww, so cute.”
That’s really it.
Second is….
If you like a guy, don’t be a princess if your dad is not a king and your mum isn’t a
queen, and is known as such in your country, certiﬁed, in the system, known,
advertised and written by law.
Instead, approach the guy and ask him out.
The days for women acting like a princess is over because most guys today had
enough of the bullshit, so now women got to move their ass and ask guys out far
more than ever before.

4.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would I do if a girl is attracted to me and she asks me to be
her boyfriend the second time I see her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what’s not just odd but cruel…
it is not odd that she would be attracted to someone in seconds in meeting
someone or an hour, a day, or over two days.
What is odd is you are not being responsible for your own behaviour, in that you
would date a girl, rationalise like you are some nice guy when really you’re
someone who won’t say no to avoid awkwardiness/conﬂict and hurt someone in
the long run.
It’s called beig Passive-Aggressive.
Someone who then will invest her time, her emotions, her feelings and think…
that the attraction she feels from you is mutual but it’s not.
It’s fake. It’s unathentic.
That’s cruel.
Nothing wrong with someone or odd when they are attracted to someone in
seconds, minutes or hours or a day. It’s natural.
You probably been growing up in some culture and been conditioned about how
girls not suppose to be so conﬁdent in saying what they want in a romantic ways
and even sexual too. That’s your own programming coming from somewhere you
was brought up in and looking down at her like she’s some slut.
She’s not a slut, whore, nor is she odd if she shows attraction in minutes to
someone and even if she has sex with a guy on ﬁrst date.
These are labels, conditioned into society through societal programming and
people adopted such sick attitudes because the system that created these labels
knows how people love to compete with themselves and categorise they are
superior to other groups and individuals.
Those that do will ﬁnd life will slap them hard right back one day when they have
children of their own and their children will not share their concerns regarding
dating and sex but go and seek advice from strangers due to fear of being judged,
looked down on, seen odd, and worried they’d be ostracised and labeled as sluts,
whores, too easy or perverts.
What you need to appreciate…is the means…does not…justify the ends.
Wars have been started and killed many due to the means justifying the ends.
People losing a lot and even their lives because the means justiﬁes the ends.
People controlling other people due the means justifying the end.
People starting someone with attraction due means justifying an end.
Where is the empathy?
Where is true character?
When she asks you out, this your time to show character. You be responsible for
you own behaviour not hers but your own, in saying no and that you’re not
attracted to her in the same way in a polite manner.
If you want an example, here it is..

“I am ﬂattered, thank you for your honesty but I don’t feel the same way…”
None of the “I’m not ready for relationship.”
None of the “I don’t know.”
None of this “Oh I’ll think about it.”
Give clear honest polite reply to someone brave enough to show their feelings to
so you don’t lead her on.
And that is it.
You don’t lead someone on because you’re weak to do the right thing to avoid
conﬂict or awkwardiness.
That’s a human being there.
That’s her feelings.
That’s her emotions, her mind and you can scar someone to even have them
project past negative experiences to others.
Instead lead with authenticity.
For all you know, it’s all in your head and she just wants to be friends.
But if she shows interest verbally, and you’re not attracted to her, be honest with
her to avoid leading her on.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

What are the tools to make an expressive photograph?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take away the camera for a moment. We’ll get into the tools but ﬁrst..
1. Mindset.
By that I mean the core of your being, in how you see the world because how you
approach the world, it eﬀects on the angle, the way you see what you see.
Do you hold back in things in life, fear opinions of you, if you don’t take risks in
life, if you do take risk, if all you want to see is what you want to see, if you see
with emotional bais…?
If you go for it, do you stretch your mind, challenge your own sterotyping, are you
consistent or are you someone who doesn’t ﬁnish what they start whether work,
goals and even relationships, projects and anything else?
All this then is part of your mind, your collective thoughts, that become your
attitude, and belief system which then creates a ripple eﬀects to,,
2. How you approach what you photograph.
Photography in all it’s equipments is but a tool but in the hands of someone who
pushes themselves, who will have a diﬀerent way of looking at the world than
someone who has a narrow minded of themselves, other people and the world.
A person just sees a table but to someone else, they feel and see a tapestry,
entwining meanings, of feelings, moods, streams of lights that say something,
textures, angles, a message and details most miss.
It will have a deeper meaning and it all inﬂuences how you shoot it
Now it becomes emotional.
Now it connects with other people who see your photograph.

3. The Perspective
You see a man or woman standing but there are also angles, which makes a
person into a giant or short, and can tell a diﬀerent story, bring a diﬀerent
meaning when you step back and take a shot of a Cola can in front of them that
has an ant walking out of the can and now the foreground of the person is
blurred, with city, and buildings.
You have now used perspective which makes the diﬀerence.
It also become a message…
That it’s not how big you are but how big the ﬁght is inside of you.
4. Details.
There are things in life where not just one but many people can connect with a
photograph. We call this the details.
For example, we have events in our lives, cultural, challenges, celebrations,
relationships, to having a meal, to overcoming and so on.
To make your photograph have a special connection, look at the details on how it
means something in the world people live in.
Combine it with something familiar, distinctive, which gives uniquiness as well
when you approach it in a certain way as well as the perspective too.
5. Processing
Think about how you will be processing the photograph at the ﬁnal stage and by
that I mean, will it be on gallery to print, or digital online because these do eﬀect
the colour. The colour you see now and later digital, can get eﬀected but it can be
remedied.
Think way ahead.
5. Personalise it
Develop a stronger visual point of view by making your photograph personal and
instead of approaching in a passive way for the observer alone.
You can then simplify the tools you use with one camera, one or two camera
lenses, and so on.
Engage yourself in the subect by making a visually strong yet quiet, with
meaning than decorative.
In other words - vision, passion instead of being passive.
Go past the sterotyping even of your own thinking and go deep in understanding
with empathy in shooting with celebrating the indiﬀerence.
6. Tools..
1. Light
2. Camera
3. Lens
4. Sensor or Film
5. Exposure
6. Processing
7. Digital tools…Photoshop but don’t go nuts with it.
7. Think about…
1. Light Quality & Direction

2. Focus & Smooth
3. Angle of View
4. Moment i.e. classical streets/clothes/lifestyles, or modern = the moment.
5. Shutter Speed
6. Frame Shape. Horizontal, vertical, panaromic or square etc.
7. Selection. Take care of what’s in the frame.
8. Framing. How other elements in the photograp frames the whole photo.
9. Vantage Point
10. Color or black and white.
11. Processing. The ﬁnal control. Digital or book, Poster or Gallery. It eﬀects
overall contrast, tonal ranges, colour, pixels sharpening
12. Tonality with colour, white and black areas, shadow details and brightness.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that the best way to move on from someone you like is
to discontinue all the communication with them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already knew, that the challenge of long distance relationship in regards in
having someone there everyday, every week, every month can be challenging,
and then blame it on the person because that person can’t give you what you
need.
It’s because you put too much expectations as long distance needs trust, it needs
patience, it needs real deal, and for a person to also have a life of their own.
You can ﬁnd out what a person can give way in the beginning before
investing more.
That’s what I do and that’s why I am also honest with the lover in long distance. I
even work to make it easier for my lover without forcing some restrictions and
controlling situations and my lover.
You didn’t need to invest more if you approached in a mature fashion to ask
questions in the begining so your expectations is based on facts rather than
assumptions.
It means you had expectations and tried to force these expectations, ﬁxing,
changing the person rather than being honest on what you want from the
begining, seeing the situation you are in and work with it.
It was exciting in the begining because your life wasn’t exciting, and needed
stimulus, when really you don’t start a long distance relationship if you want fast,
now, instant.
One is mature about things, seeing how it needs work, passion, maturity in seeing
the value in it and having experienced the fast already locally, you desire a richer
experience that is deep in communication and an understanding you can balance
it out with reality, in which the person still dates others locally and so you too,
and when long-term possibilities happen in long distance relationship…it
happens naturally.
You maybe disappointed but so will the other person be with you too.
Move on and stay away from long distance relationships.

It’s for mature people who are strong in life, in experience, in social life and who
don’t need now, instant but something far richer experience in which they value
enough to want to wait.
Date someone local and be honest with the person and move on.
14 Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to persuade an attractive woman to strip?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is far more better and amazing, when a woman does it because she desires the
person, she loves to do so because she is comfortable with her body and she just
so into the person and the person is so into her.
Never try and convince a woman to do anything.
I don’t bother with such things.
Instead embrace her for all she is and enjoy arousing her, connecting with her
and she will if she desires with excitement, with her own self sexual conﬁdence,
with her own intellect, with her own mind, will do so.
You never, want to harm the woman you’re attracted to and I mean in every way,
and not just woman, man too, nature as well, and not just people you’re attracted
to, but people in general and all that’s around you.
Control, it is ourselves wearing a social mask.
That social mask is our self image but a fake one.
It comes from our ego, to control, which comes from fear of loss.
Take oﬀ the social mask, get to know her, connect with her, know her, know her
desires, know her values, know her and let her know you.
When she feels comfortable without manipulation, without tricks, she will if she
desires so, if it’s her personality, if it’s her fantasy, will strip or whatever she
desires to do.
She will give because she desires so and because she’s into the person and that
person is into her.
Avoid control and instead lift the people around you, connect at a deeper level.
You don’t want a woman or man to do anything they feel uncomfortable with or
being manipulated to do so.
You also don’t want to be with someone or spend time with someone who
questions you intentions always and who behaves in a insecure manner always.
It’s emotionally draining. That’s their job to sort out not yours.
Just have empathy, understand why people are like that and move forward in
your life. You can’t ﬁx anyone but live your life.
Personally, I want whatever happens out of one’s own mind, own passion, own
feelings, out of their choice. desire, lustful for me as I for the woman…without
any manipulation from me.
That’s because I believe I am enough and I want the answer in action and words,
how they feel about me, and show it in behaviour sincerely and rarely, most
people are sincere but I am as I am due to lots of work done within me.
I don’t want it just out of emotions but for real. Emotions die down but reality, is
long-term.

You’ll ﬁnd it’s a lot more exciting and amazing connection this way.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to date a friend's ex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“And it isn’t like he dumped her. They agreed to break up bc it doesn’t work”
That’s logic and you know, logic has nothing to do with it.
It’s about emotions.
You know there are many incidents in which girls don’t say what you they need to
say and say it’s alright but they are not.
Like when most girls reject guys, but say something like they not ready for
relationship but two days later dating some guy.
They say it to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
So right or wrong, well, that anyone can say what it is but it is you who is going to
experience the decision you make.
No one here is going to go through it but you and so when you hear it is ok or not
ok, remember, everyone here is not going to be with you when the shit hits the
fan. That’s how I answer, for the real world you are in.
You’re friend can say all kinds of things like..
“Meh, don’t matter.”
But really, if you know for real what it’s like to shit close to home, you’d avoid the
drama, and not even try.
I have to rules I follow.
It’s not about ok or not. It’s about making my life happy and without the drama
and I got plenty of resources in world to not bother dating someone close to me,
or from social friends..
The follow rules are..
1. I never date from social circle especially my pals ex girlfriend
2. I remember rule number one
You know, if you knew it was alright, you would never add this..
“And it isn’t like he dumped her. They agreed to break up bc it doesn’t work”
Yeah right. Whatever you say.
Get ready for collosul drama. I mean tornado. Lots of drama and bitchiness
kicking oﬀ here and there.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

How come I am approachable to almost everyone, but not as a
potential dating partner for women? I do ask them out,
however nothing ever works out.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“ Like some obvious good guy you could immediately use but not good enough to
date.”

You know, a Nice Guy so easy that not only by their behaviour but always by their
words as well. The girls can detect it.
You may not even know you are doing it.
The thing is, it takes a strong person to look in the mirror and say..
“Shit! I have been an asshole. I’m not a good guy at all!”
It takes balls.
People rarely admit they are on a path of self destruction because when a person
tells their lie, their psychological script enough times and behaves many a times
over the days, weeks, months and years to reinforce the script, they grow to
believe in the lie.
It’s very diﬃcult for them to believe they are pointing a gun to their head. They
don’t see it and it may take them years sometimes to wake up.
See the bold text which reveals it…
“ Like some obvious good guy you could immediately use but not good enough to
date.”
See what you did there?
The ﬁrst is the Nice Guy always, always uses two things when he fails. It is always
someone else’s fault. They also have this self entitlementthat good is suppose to
be some criteria for a girl to say yes.
Good guy
Use
Not “good” enough
To “date”
You picked this up somewhere either from your environment way back.
Thinking good is attraction but good, nice, polite is but part of character of basic
requiste one has and not what attracts.
1. See the words, “Used.” Everyone must be bad people, using the nice guy.
2. It’s because he’s not “good” enough. So he must try harder to be good?
3. He is entitled for a “date.”
So all actions under the surface is for approval.
What has “good” got to do with it?
These are the two things always at the front end when Nice Guys talk regarding
girls. Like the nice girls too.
If you observe nice guys/girls you’ll hear them always say these two words,
always..
1. Being used
2. Not good enough.
You’ll hear how they got good job, or good hearted, or they are polite and nice,
and how come they go for jerks and not the nice guy.
Or they girls will say “used,” for “sex, my body.”
So everything a Nice Guy does has this mindset = to be approved.

So the behaviour is what’s up when you approach girls.
The behaviour which comes from a thinking, a psychological script of doing
things to make your world predictable.
You know you’re not doing the tough decisions, the scary ones, the immediate
approach and show intent.
Instead of doing them the Nice Guy/Girl behaviour will do the opposite so they
fuﬁl a sense of destinty..
“See! Girls don’t date good guys but jerks.”
“See! Guys don’t date girls like me except for my body.”
So you probably help people but really doesn’t want to.
You’ll exhuast yourself helping people, always available for girls but really, you
don’t want to invest all that time when you can ﬁnd out if it’s a Yes or No faster.
Why do all that?
To be approved, to be liked, to be accepted.
If you observe Nice Guys carefully, you’ll see them supplicate to girls instead of
connecting honestly with them if they are attracted.
They will hide their intent instead of showing it immediately. You’ll see nice guys
think they got to ﬁrst prove something ﬁrst, they got to be perfect, got to be good,
got to be nicer, got to be so, well, supplicating.
They also say..
“Oh, the reason why I don’t approach is because I diﬀerentiate myself from the
Jerks. I don’t ﬂirt because I am not a creep, I am not an asshole.”
He won’t because he’s afraid of the rejection.
He’s afraid he will get a no.
So he puts a lot of work in impressing the girl ﬁrsts, doing things for her, being
available listening to her problems before showing intent.
It can take weeks to months before he even make a move. Some take even years
and some don’t say anything at all.
You’ll see this traite won’t approach and see her as his equal. He thinks a girl is
out of his league and got to ﬁrst do something for her, get under radar, help her,
save her, because he thinks being a knight is the way.
He becomes…a..push over.
““ Like some obvious good guy you could immediately use but not good enough to
date.”
He’d do all the small talk, and “hi.”
He will do to impress and win the girl over without showing true intent.
He thinks he has to be good, nice, REALLY GOOD.
He is a passive-aggressive.
He hasn’t an opinion only when he’s alone talking to the four walls or someone
weaker than him.
He gets upset by his own. He gets frustrated and angry, and bottles it up inside.
He thinks in self entitlement to a date because he’s “good.”

He hesitates and doesn’t approach immediately and when he does approach..he
starts with the comfort phase and ignores the attraction phase.
Comfort is
“Hey how you doing?”
“So what you been up to?”
“So what your into?”
That doesn’t built attraction but awkwardiness.
You don’t approach with comfort.
Comfort is way down then line as you can see…

He avoids the attraction because he fears of losing the girl.
He switches oﬀ his sexuality because he’s afraid it will oﬀend the girl.
Such guys will piss their pants when a girl just touches them or looks at them.
He avoids doing the attraction phase because a Nice Guy craves to be liked,
HUNGRY to be accepted, approved, validated, got to be loved.
Everything a Nice Guy does is for that = to be approved.
They behave disonest, they act secretive, passive-aggressive and they give and
give, then complain how people use them, and how come no girl wants to date.
In other words…
“ Like some obvious good guy you could immediately use but not good enough to
date.”
So look at your behaviour and see if it reveals these traites.
If so…
1. Avoid being passive-aggressive
2. Avoid supplicating to girls. You’re good enough to ask a girl out right
there and then.
3. Learn to say no. If you haven’t time or don’t want to help sincerely, say
no or you end up becoming a doormat for people.
4. Approach not to make friends but be direct in your intent if you are
attracted to a girl.
5. Learn to relax, be fun, ﬂirt, don’t take it seriously
6. Let go of putting girls on a pedestal
7. You don’t need to spend hours and days to know a girls into you. It takes
me one 1–5 minutes and if she canot show it in that time, we’re done.
So you don’t need to invest a lot to know a girl is into you. In few minutes you can
ﬁnd out if attraction is mutual.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is some advice for aspiring Quorans?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media

Answered Jun 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I connected with this French girl, right. Oh wait. I will anger other people from
other countries.
Let’s start again…
There was this sexy hot french girl, sexually conﬁdent, who has tiger spirit and
has relatves who are amercian, and arab, and african and..
If you’re going to write, then know you can’t please everyone.
Don’t please and supplicate but focus on a topic your passionate about or a niche,
and let your voic shine through. Be yourself and honest when you write.
Be authentic and real.

There was this guy, he comes up to me and says..
Him - Hey Adam. I’m terriﬁed
Me - Of what?
Him - Women!
Me - And?
Him - I am terriﬁed of approaching women and I want date, have lots of sex, and
be in a relationship.
So I say to the guy he needs to approach hundreds of women.
Months later he comes back
Him - Adam, I went out and approached hundreds of women
Me - And?
Him - I got some dates and had sex, been in relationship, and still dating her
Me - How is it going?
Him - Awesome! She’s fantastic!
Me - And?
Him - But I still have this fear of approaching women.
Me - And?
You’re never ready.
There is no such thing in being ready before you write an answer.
Forget over thinking about being perfect because if you worry and question if
you’re good enough….you’ll never really get started.
You’re never ready.
Fear is alwas going to be there in some way.
Just start writing.
Forget about votes and just focus on a niche that is something a lot of people
want to know and write. Something you are passionate about.

There was this women who was traveling. She came to a river and found a
precious stone . It glowed brightly and made even the river light up. She
picked it up, dried it and put it in her bag.
The next day she met a traveller and he was hungry.
She didn’t have any food with her but she went into her bag and gave the man the
precious stone.

He couldn’t believe how she gave something so valuable.
It looked like it is worth a lot and so, he took it and walked away happy to know he
can get a lot of money for this precious stone.
Two hours later he appeared again with..the same precious stone.
He said to her..
Him - I know this stone is valuable but I am giving it back to you.
Her - Why?
Him - I want you to give me what enabled you to give me this precious stone? You
just have something far greater within you. Teach me what you know.
I have made lots of connections all over world using Quroa.
I went to Ibiza because of it and just came back. I am also called to Venice for
December and other countries next year, and it’s preparing for the future and yes,
paid.
I have met lovers here as well and I didn’t send a message to them, they contacted
me.
You want something from anywhere?
Demonstrate your leadership = knowledge and be consistent. Be bold, brave and
have it all come from real life specialised knowledge and experience.
When you are consistent in your giving and you give with valuable knowledge,
people know, that you know something, and they will pursue you, and they will
come due to the value you demonstrate.
And they will ask not for free but rather..
“I don’t want this precious stone. Give me what is within you that enabled you o give
like that. Teach me. What do you want from me so I can learn?”
You know what my lovers did?
The same.
You know what people who now work with me as one team with swopping
expertise and specialised skills?
The same.
You know what people who pay me did and do?
The same.
Be diﬀerent than the crowd who don’t get how to use social media.
Don’t come from an angle like most people, sending mesages and wanting free
but respect their time, knowledge and that they got a life and challenges to.
Therefore, you got to come with knowing what you can bring to the table and to
do that, you got to know what the person wants ﬁrst.
The people who work with me, a team in which we’re building something on an
idea I have, is due to them contacting me ﬁrst seeing what I need and in return I
share my expertise with them.
They found out ﬁrst what I want and we worked together and saw it worked well,
and so now we work as a team as I lead my project.
Win-win.

Mutual beneﬁt.
Most people go oﬀ sending their long list of messages about their problem, like
we got time to read hundreds of messages, and do not ﬁrst ask..
“What does this person want in return for valuable time and expertise.”
I know they don’t give a shit about the person who will reply. The ones who do,
care about someone’s time and don’t expect what they themselves cannot give.
Those who haggle rarely evem follow through.
They don’t respect your time and haven’t the consistency to follow through.
Time is valuable and so is knowledge.
You’ll be surprised how many who say “I got to solve this, my life depends on it,”
won’t pay a dime and ﬁnd their life don’t depend on it.
Some send messages with pre-judgment and acting like you need their opinion
about what you wrote. The door gets slammed shut on them.
But for those who get it, one can go far in working together under mutual beneﬁt,
respecting each others world, expertise, time and exchanging specialised
knowledge and skill.
It’s win-win.
Everyone has opinion and most people got too much time to debate. Notice my
comment is disabled. I am far too busy to debate. I’m not interested but still
people will try it on with using the suggest tool.
They get reported.
I use the system and let the system deal with them.
Give ﬁrst.
Give high value.
See the bigger picture when connecting.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Is he being mean or ﬂirting with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it was a direct conversation it will go like this
You - So I am not with this guy Joe, ok?
Him - Phew! I was so jealous of him you know
You - You was?
Him - Yes. I so wanted to date you and got hots for you
You -= I know
Him - You KNEW?
You - Yeah, that’s why I said I’m sorry you didn’t like Joe, he was nice to me
Him - Oh so that was one of your tactics?
You - Yeah it was
Him - Hmm, interesting but kind of lame
You - Well, I tried everything and you didn’t make a move
Him - Oh was that a Transactional game you was doing?
You - Yes but you was playing too!
Him - Ok I was doing the lame ass mystery shit on you cause I was Jealous
You - Why?
Him- Because I don’t want to be accountable for my actions and nor did you?

You - Well, I admit I was too.
HIm - I fear rejection so I didn’t know if you was attracted to me too
You - I was thinking same thing!
Him and You - Hahahahaa.
You - We could have saved so much time if we just followed Adam Taha’s advice
Him - Wait! Who the fuck is Adam? OMG you did it again!
You - What? What did I do?
Him - You started the game again. Making me all Jealous.
You - I just said..
Him - Nah you played the game again..
And so goes on the back and forth, transactional game ;)
For more on what a Transactional game is.
4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wise to tell your partner you are jealous?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Jun 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The wisest thing is at the begining, you both needed to set boundaries. For a man
to talk about other women’s bodies and what he wants to do with them with you,
if it makes you uncomfortable, then you communicate your boundaries calmly.
You say it makes you feel uncomfortable and someone who cares and someone
mature, won’t do what you said to them makes you uncomfortable.
That doesn’t mean other women feel uncomfortable about it because there are
women who will be with lovers who love talking about women, and even share
images of sexy bodies, and walk around and checking women out in night clubs
and sex parties, and because they like to have a threesome.
Or for example, lover might be bisexual and she don’t know how to approach
women in a certain way, and so I help, cause she likes women, and she learns
from me in knowing how to do so.
But that’s because we discussed it. There is compatibility and understanding
between each other.
For your situation…
Looks like it makes you feel uncomfortable, but if you’re being passive aggressive
about it, then he won’t know.
Communicate to him it makes you feel uncomfortable.
Then you will know if he’s doing it on purpose or because he doesn’t really know,
inexperience and so on.
I don’t know this guy and I don’t know if you talked to him about it so what I am
advising is from the position you haven’t been open to him about your feelings in
how it makes you feel uncomfortable to him.
Try that.
Far too many women are giving hints, being passive aggressive whether it is in
approaching men which they hardly ever do or in relatonships.
Men can’t read minds and usually, sometimes, as human beings, men and
women can do silly things and not realise.
If that’s what you’re dong, then it’s best to start commuicating calmly.

Then decide either to stay with the guy because he really didn’t know or if he
does, then you decide to move on because why be with someone who does that
when they know it makes you feel uncomfortable.
Hopefully he’s mature enough and cares about your feelings.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do females play so hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because most do and those who do, you let them do it because they think they
can…
1. When you show your intent immediately, you can screen them out
because now they got to say fuck yeah or no. Most women not all but
most won’t say no due to fear of of conﬂict or awkwardiness.
2. If a woman is ambigious then know it’s not good enough for you because
you want clear intent.
3. You also want consistency so you certaintly don’t want an immature
woman who is attracted with you one minute and weeks or whatever
later, are not. It must be shown clearly verbally and in behaviour.
4. When you ﬁnd the answer they give is not clear move on. That’s why I
have options.
I don’t give priority to any who doesn’t make me a priority.
So show intent in begining and if reply is not clear and behaviour as well right
there, in front of you, in that moment is not what you feel is good enough, move
on.
You don’t work to win a woman over.
You connect and build on attraction that is mutually there.
And if later, if a woman shows attraction but then her behaviour is not balanced
with yours, no problem. She made it clear by her behaviour especially if they are
on social media active. They are not that busy.
Leave her alone and focus on one who makes you a priority.
You move on.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls really love boys with chest hair?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I got on my right..
A gang of friends, who got chest hair.
On left I got a gang of friends who haven’t.
All of them got girlfriends.
It’s like asking..
“Do guys like girls who are short”
“Do guys like girls with glasses.”
To not look in world to see girls go for all types of guys and really, it’s much more
than one thing…

Girls love a guy who they feel aroused, excited with, body tingling, pussy
dripping, emotions ﬂying and imagination ﬁring up.
It’s about feeling.
love is a big comittment.
Infatuation isn’t but it is still important but works in a way most can’t get their
heads around it.
Better to focus on your behaviour more, than just hairs on your chest.
Think like this..
The full package not one thing.
Hair on your chest is not going to keep a girl attracted to you.
8.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of thirteen year olds who say they are in
love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a thirteen year old said it or a 40 year old, I’d take them seriously.
Look, just because a 13 year old said it, doesn’t mean it’s not real.
The emotions are real. The feelings are real. The ocean that ﬂow as tides in the
thirteen year old is real and so you respect the thirteen year old’s feelings.
It means all their mind, body is working naturally.
That’s an awesome amazing good sign of a healthy human being.
It’s not there to be judged but to be understood, to be talked about, to be
celebrated but to also impart wisdom without judging IF…the person desires such
advice and they will ask for it if they want some.
The problem we have today is this..
Just because someone is younger, we think they know nothing because we
are older. We categorise naturally as that’s how our brain works, pre-judge,
label and put in a box.
I want you to look at the world today.
See who is making these wars.
I want you to see who is right now slanging each other, pulling each other down
in governments. I want you to see who is ripping society oﬀ, with banks, with
systems.
And who are making the rules and divisions that later are adopted by the young.
Adults!
They should have more sense and yet, look at how they behave.
You got politicians ridiculing each other, mainstream media hammering away on
petty things to distract us on real issues.
You got many doing a lot of damage to others self conﬁdence and self esteem.
Lots of judging and forcing their opinions and even think they are entitled to
debate and give one.
They are adults.

So if a teen says you’re not better, well, they are right. The evidence in world is
clear. We are all human beings, with emotions and so with emotions we’ll behave
in a certain way.
You’ve seen aduts leave marriage for a guy/woman for some co-worker they met,
or got pally with.
That’s adults and yet we’re going to start acting like we’re better than a 13 year
old?

What a 13 year old feels when infatuated is no diﬀerent when an adult feels for
someone else, when they say they are in love.
That infatuation can also…for the 13 year old grow into love.
The last thing they need is someone belittling them. They get enough of that
their environment, school, and everywhere else.
The last thing they need is having another demonstrating Parent Ego state, trying
to control them, trying to prison them, trying to say it’s not real.
It’s real.
The emotions one feels is real.
Most make the mistake about infatuation, that it’s nothing and it can’t grow to
love, but it can for anyone. Those who don’t respect it will of course not be able to
build on the attaction constantly.
Egoistic, think they can just dissappear and do nothing, like the other person is
going to be attracted to them from being unavailable, busy, and so on.
Doesn’t work that way.
You see many adults do that too.
It is real and you respect it.
We tend to fear teens to make mistake.
We tend to try and shelter our children from pain.
We want the best for them but we also bring our own past, our own negative
experiences and project on to them when we need to focus on the person, on their
feelings and just listen, and if they want advice, ﬁne, we give without belittling
and talking down like they are not mature enough, know enough and can’t make
a decision.
Fear and our own ego gets us to act by by many wrong ways by intimidation,
manipulation, by rules and then expect why they don’t want to talk about issues
regarding sex, and ﬁnd them talk and get advice from strangers online.
If a thirteen year old says she or he is in love, respect what they say, don’t belittle
and let them speak on how they feel, impart wisdom if they willing to learn, want
to learn, but don’t pre-judge.
Don’t look down, don’t think we’re better, don’t think because one is thirteen
years old or sixteen, or even 30, we know better.
Instead, they opened up to the person to say how they feel, and that is a trust,
that took a lot to say, that took courage, that took a human being to overcome all
insecurities to say how they feel about someone to you or anyone else.
It’s real.

A 13 year old, 20, 30, 40 can fall in love.
It starts with infatuation and it can grow, and with a little help, by listening,
letting them speak, you can guide IF…yes…IF..they ask for it.
It can be an amazing conversation and time and time again, you can share lots of
knowledge to help a person grow, learn more, see more.
Respect a person’s emotions, feelings and experiences they are going through in
their mind, body and how they share what they feel.
So for me, I will smile about it, I will listen, and I will be happy, they experienced
someone amazing and if I can share some wisdom, if they ask, I will without prejudging, belittling and thinking I know better than she or he does.
They will rule the world to come one day.
Respect them and make the experience when talking with them a rich one.
They are the future.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is there any way for a man to reduce his attraction toward
women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I do it all time when I want to be left alone or when I ﬁnd a woman is not
investing back in a balance way, so I then switch oﬀ the attraction.
1. I dress down
2. I don’t shave and when I don’t shave, I look like shit.
3. I do the opposite of attraction. I act awkward. Socially awkward. I know
how to do it as I know some people who are, and copied their behaviour
and it works.
Moment I dress up, shave, and behave on how attraction works, well, then women
give me all the looks and ﬁnd every reason to talk, touch, and giving me their
numbers.
It’s the behaviour. I know how to behave according to science of attraction.
So learn what atraction is in it’s basic form you learn..
Attraction is status.
Lower your status in appearances and in behaviour. You’ll ﬁnd all that talk on
how women go for personality in begining is bullshit.
It’s perceived value in the begining. Personality comes later.
So dress down. Real down. Look like a fucking mess ;)
Like there wouldn’t be anything exciting, adventureous, amazing with you if they
went for you. So it triggers their imagination to be cold dead, thinking logical on
how it will look if they walked with you, dated you and their friends know, and
people see them with you.
You’ll ﬁnd many are superﬁcial like that and in a sense, we all are in some way.
Behave opposite to conﬁdence.
Works like a treat.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of questions do you like to ask your partner when
you're having passionate sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Wet enough?
2. More lube?
3. Harder?
4. Deeper?
5. Faster?
6. Is the handcuﬀs too tight?
7. Is the ropes too tight?
8. Want them looser?
9. Is my hand choke too tight?
10. Want it tighter than this?
11. This tight?
12. Like me to whip you harder?
13. This hard?
14. Harder like this?
15. More like this?
16. You love to be fucked in the ass, don’t you?
17. How does it feel?
18. Where’s your Big Wand Vibrator?
19. You like the electric shock toy don’t you?
20. You’re my bitch, aren’t you?
21. You’re my slut, aren’t you?
22. You’re my naughty little girl, aren’t you?
23. You’re my whore, aren’t you?
24. What are you again to me? Say it louder, LOUDER!
25. You’re sexy aren’t you?
26. You’re a godess aren’t you?
27. You got the most amazing gorgeous body don’t you?
28. You’re the sexiest woman on this planet, aren’t you?
29. What are you? Tell your Daddy, and Master!
The sexiest godess on this planet…Daddy! My Master!
That’s my little naughty little girl, now open your legs wider.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get my husband to be attracted to me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction, when it dies, is very diﬃcult to light up and so if you are willing to do
it, you do it for yourself and not for him. You do it because attraction in it’s basic
form without the bullshit..

Status.
That he sees you higher or equal in status.
Therefore, status is the research and self development of oneself to rise in all
areas of one’s life, to believe you are of equal and behave as such.
1. Status in behaviour.
Too predictable. No surprise. Just letting yourself go because you think
love is going to save the day.
It’s the same routine, everyday, 7 days a week.
So change behaviour. Change the routine and take action in a more
seductive role. Fire up attraction and start stirring it slowly, gradually.
2. Status in Sexual Appeal
Dressing up sexy, hot, and looking after your whole appearances like you
was seeing him for the ﬁrst time.
Gained weight?
Work on for your own health.
If you’re happy with your weight, use clothes, dress like a godess, be sexy,
conﬁdent, fun, exciting, let your personality shine, physical touch,
arouse him with words, conversation, bubbly personality, smile a lot,
wink a lot, caress a lot, use your hips as you walk, move your ass to sway,
like your a diva because you are.
Fire up his imagination and ﬂoor him with your sexual appeal. Own your
body, through and ever ﬂaw will shine through like a godess to make him
aroused and lustful for you.
Reveal a little, a shoulder, a leg, dress in a manner that entices his mind
to imagine. Use your voice, make sexy, cute, use your eyes, your lips, bite
your lips as he talks, show him admiration but also sexiness, and lust in
your body language.
Reveal a little, a shoulder, a leg, dress in a manner that entices his mind
to imagine. Use your voice, make sexy, cute, use your eyes, your lips, bite
your lips as he talks, show him admiration but also sexiness, and lust in
your body language.
3. Status in Seduction
Sex knowledge, comfortable with your body, in your own skin, and he
knows no matter what, you’re a godess at sex. Seducing him with
ﬂirtatious and fun, sensual and what you wear, to your own personality.
Experiemntal sexually togeher, go on a a journey of exploration to ﬁnd
and learn more sexually about each other.
Role play, go out on dates together and pretend you just met, and talk
dirty, sexy, and text each other dirty, turn each other on.
Start slowly asking about his sexual fantasies by giving him conﬁdence
in letting him know it’s not a trick question. You do that by sharing your
own sexual fantasies and even explore together.
Dress up in role play and bring fun and excitement back into your
relationship.

4. Status in Knowledge
Read about woman psychology and men. Invest in knowledge. Expand
your mind in sex knowledge and other areas, that are of interest to you
regarding passion in life too. Let him see, you are moving forward in
your life with you investing in yourself, Raise your status high.
5. Status in social
Engage with the world. If you have children you may need to ﬁnd time
somehow, but engage the world, make new friends and don’t make man
the centre of your life as man also doesn’t do so with woman.
Build your world, your resources, your life, socially. Your house pumped
with friends sitting together, talking, having fun and seeing your
leadership, seeing you moving forward, even if it is just two friends.
Engage in the community, give to the community you’re in alone will do
that. Raise your social status higher.
Make no man centre of your life and the fallacy that a prince is all you
have. Man is part of your life not all your life, and without man, you still
have a big life.
Let that be seen, lived and known by your own behaviour, not your
words. By your own consistent action..and if he asks..
Him - Oh where you going?
You - Going out, meeting friends, I’m leading the workshop today at blah
blah.
These doesn’t promise attraction will happen but guess what?
You will learn for yourself, grow in conﬁdence, have fun, and grow so much. It
will still beneﬁt you on what you learn about yourself.
You will increase your resources, assets, social, mind and health.
It will change your life.
20.4k Views · View Upvoters

What's some inspiration to go talk to a person you like?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have to take risks in life ﬁrst, live.
Even if you read books after books, it’s really yourself, the experience you gained,
the risks you took, the insights and how you observe the world around you to talk
to inspire.
But it is not to inspire as to supplicate but that this is who you are and it can work
for any environment, like the bar..

Me - Hi, I’ve only got a minute and wanted to ﬁnd out something. I’ve watched
men approaching you and you’re brushing them oﬀ.
Her - Oh haha, yes
Me - It got me thinking, beauty is quite common, isn’t it. I mean you look all
gorgeous but genetics, you know, you was born with it…

Her - Well, erm, kind of
Me - So here’s the thing, sometimes things happens in life, and the best things in
life,isn’t the ones you plan but the ones that just happen. I’m sure you have
experienced meeting someone you didn’t know but that someone inspired you.
Her - Oh yes. I have met some people like that. Doesn’t happen often though
Me - Exactly. It doesn’t happen often but when did it happen for you?
Her - Probably about 10 years ago.
Me - And? How did it happen and how did it make you feel?
Her - He just came out of nowhere, when I was shopping. He asked me if I knew
where spaghetti is and then asked how to cook it. To be honest, he was good
looking so I answered and talked a bit more with him
Me - But how did it feel
Her - I felt excited, yes, excited, and my heart was racing, and felt butterﬂies in
my stomach.
Me - So you felt your heart race, pounding, tingle all over your body, felt an
amazing rush throughout your body and you gave time, to know another human
being, and of course, the looks of him mattered (winked)
Her - Haha, yes, you got me there
Me - but when did look ever really bring stability?
Her - (silence)
Me - Because you have been going for looks all along and right now, you’re at a
bar, all alone, and if you was waiting for someone, you’d be looking at your watch,
or mobile phone, and made a call
Her - You’re very observant are you haha. Yes, I’m single
Me - Thanks.
Me - What do you like to drink
Her - Shot of vodka
Me - Great, you can buy me one too and I’ll get the next round
Her - You’re so..
Me - Yes, I know and that’s why we’re still talking. Vodka be great ;)

Inspiration?
You go and live, you take chances in life, you do what most fear to do, you
challenge yourself and you won’t need to ask anyone here what inspiration topic
to talk about to someone you like.
Go and live ﬁrst because to inspire, you need to have experienced life, people and
gained far more insight than others, or you’ll be doing nothing but small talk, and
not challenging yourself or them.
It’s not that hard.
People live in their bubble most of the time, impatient, want it now, fear life, fear
new, fear uncertainty, and just a little living, and you ﬁnd you know a great deal
about life and human beings to connect at a deep emotional level.

Topics don’t inspire.
It is your own perspective in life and knowing how to then use that to connect
with people.
Go and live, take risks.
Then you’ll inspire.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do poor people have sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s your answer..

And if in UK, beneﬁts is where someone is unemployed and gets job seekers
allowance or disability allowance.
You see number of children in family..

You’re thinking more logical, like money for condoms, lube, expenses to one’s
looks and and all that.
I’m not going into that.
The question is do people have sex even when poor…
The answer as you see is yes.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think that one day the graphics of today will be
considered rubbish? Is it possible to innovate anymore?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a shelf, ﬁlled with lots of books on designs of past. I look at them, read
them still and were part of helping me with designing, painting, producing and
so much more.
On other shelf are lots of ﬂyers designed for parties, night clubs to all sorts of
things. Some I have had for years as I collect them. Some I found from 1980s
which I collected from other people.
They will never be rubbish.
Reason being, they hold memories, experiences, story, how it all started and
happened
Even with music. I cherish the past and present. I learn techniques, how it began
and I create far better than most due to such knowledge.
I don’t look back and think..
“It was better then and today..”
I see it all part of our evolution of humanity.
We sometimes see movies, images on screen, designs and think that’s all there is
but to a lot of people, these exist with experiences, memories, nostalga if you will,
and so it’s not as much as the design but the history of life experience with them.
After all we are social creatures.

For example, I am into the comedy of today, movies of today but also I cherish the
movies like Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, to movies with
Marlyn Monroe and many male actress.
They hold memories for me, lessons, lots that has helped me to be where I am
today as well. That goes for design too.
So no, they won’t be seen as rubbish or have no value.
They will still have value, become part of history, an experience, memories, and
also we look at them with pride to how we progressed as humanity, in design, in
technology because before all we see today, pioneers of past did something.
For example I even have a ZX81 and I smile at it when I got some hot new laptop.
It gives me memories of how it was and hope too.
The experiences I had to go through in design by pencil and simple tools to create
detailed work and now, wit software I can do the same but faster, and go even
further but all of it was down to the fundamentals of art, design etc.
I wish sometimes, I could walk with those of the past but I also admire artists and
pioneers of today and humbled by them all.
I have this old screen printing stuﬀ as well and I still feel they are best as colours
shine brighter than print machines these days and even when I do prints with
machines by paying for it, I still love the hands on.
I know the history of design and process.
Like Star wars.
I am more of a fan not just the movies, but the story behind it all, the man and
team behind it, and see how it all evolved.
From it I learnt a lot about life, how things evolve and world around me.
So for me, what makes design today have value is not technology and just the
amazing talents and skilled people.
It’s the evolving of how it started to where we are now.
Even when I learnt to draw and paint, I had to go and learn from artists of past. I
needed to know a lot more about the history, about their techniques and this
helped a great deal to understand techniques today.
It makes me smile, brings with it all memories, lessons, knowledge and without
knowing of past, you don’t get really good in the future.
You need to know like even coding, to know how it began and you get a lot of
understanding of the now.
I cherish pioneers of past who made what we have possible and I also admire
artists of today as well. I owe them a lot for paving the way from past and those of
present.
I value these old ﬂyers, this old computer, the old printing wood printing
machine I got, many of the things.
They mean a lot to me and will mean far more in the years that pass by as a lot of
things will change, but I welcome those changes as part of our humanities
progress or evolution, or whatever we call it.
If I could, if I had the money, I’d build a huge, massive building and show
progression of history with regards to design and other things too.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do I respond to a guy that has ignored you for over day
and ﬁnally responded?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A day?
I’m a guy and just because I didn’t text for a day or even a week, doesn’t mean I
have ignored a woman who texted me.
A day may seem a lot to someone who is attracted to someone. It may seem that
the person isn’t bothering but believe me, so many women got this wrong about
me, but I am also very good at responding fast and consistently anyway.
Which is why my lover will be concerned and knows, something has happened.
But if you don’t know the guy well, then you won’t know his pattern, his certain
routine, and life.
So you best avoid assuming and don’t be hard on yourself as well.
It also doesn’t help if the guy doesn’t know you’re attracted to him.
If he doesn’t know then you don’t become much of a priority but if he does, and
he said he feels the same way, and…he hasn’t responded, for a day or few days or
even a week. it’s because our life is ﬁlled with storms, distracted with life, and
doing things.
It’s not intentional though it may seem so.
Instead of assumptions, show you care, ﬁnd out if he’s ok. We appreciate it when
someone who is attracted to us shows that side of themselves. World we live in
expects us to always be tough, but when we see someone show that feeling, care,
worried, it’s appreciated a lot.
It shows your personality and you mean well too.
Not many do it.
But the best thing you can ever do, is make sure from the very begining that
whoever you are attracted to, that it is mutual, that they say it too, they feel it too
and you cannot get this by hints.
You need to be proactive, engage and show that to him and also ask him.
That will save you a lot of time.
You won’t want to invest in someone who you’re attracted to and they don’t feel
the same way. That’s how you get hurt real bad and it’s wasted your time and
eﬀort when you could have done so with someone else, who feels the same way as
you do or even more.
Assmptions are dangerous because you will be ﬁlled with lots of thoughs that
come from maybe past experience, your own self esteem and many things to
assume this is going on.
But you probably ﬁnd much of the time that’s all it is.
Assumption.
Don’t be hard yourself and the guy as well.
One day no text from someone seems a lot but it’s not. Not even a week but a guy
needs to know if you’re attracted to him, or he won’t know how and won’t
prioritise.
If you’re attracted to him then make sure you show it and let him know.

4.6k Views · View Upvoters

My dad is an IT guy. He will turn 50 soon. What should I buy
him for hid birthday? He already has a laptop and an SSD drive
addon. He has an iPhone 6s
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would ask him. People who are into techi stuﬀ are very fussy at times with what
they want and you might ﬁnd he doesn’t need techie stuﬀ but something entirely
diﬀerent.
You can ask like this
“So Dad, let’s say you can get anything for or under (add number of how much
you got to pay for) what would you buy you need right now?”
Then if he’s smart he’ll know but pretend he doesn’t know that’s about his
birthday and let you know what he wants.
I do it all time with my sisters, bros, friends, lovers, and when parents were alive.
They’d know why but pretend they don’t, and then I just get them what they say
and wrap it up, and they are happy because you was thoughtful, you wanted to
get something they need and you did it on his birthday.
883 Views · View Upvoters

How come men don't approach women anymore? What
happened to the good old days of the British gentlemen?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Nice men” don’t approach and try to tell you they don’t because it
diﬀerentiate them from jerks, assholes and bad boys but really, that’s
their psychological scripts rationalising their game, pimping their image
as good guys, nice guys.
“Nice Guys” is really, truly shit scared of rejection, lack any attraction
knowledge and conversation skills, too serious, boring, push over, and
won’t know what to fucking do if an attractive woman was right now in
front of them.
You know them very well. They always say..
“It’s because we’re diﬀerent, we’re good, while every other guy who
approaches is a jerk, an asshole, but we are good, nice, you see.”
That’s when you know to run as far as you can.
Then there are other men, who just fear rejection. Probably did approach
a few but got rejected and well, again, they too will have some
psychological script, with added fear, insecurities sky high but…at least
they don’t bullshit women and men that it is because they are “nice.”
The other side is also personality, and many men like women, make their
personality as an excuse like “I am an introvert” and then self sabotage
even more with “I’m not good with people, I am awkward, I am..” You get
the idea. They are similiar to the nice guys, and guys who fear rejection…
always in their head, over thinking, paranoid, and do not take enough
action or any towards being social.
Other men had enough of the mind games, and women, most of them, a
lot of them do play mind games, do shit test, do manipulate, do approach

dating even for not dating but for ego stroking, transactional games and
even revenge. So most men can’t be assed with it and don’t bother.
Then there are men who have sorted their psychological script, learnt,
invested ton of knowledge, left the norms behind and acient social rules,
and they are succeeding but the reason most women won’t see them
approaching them is because they behave unapproachable, their boring,
their conversation is low par, they come with lots of pre-judging and so
these men don’t want that drama in their life.
Then you got men who have become very savvy with marketing in the
digital world and use the internet, social media and dating websites to
attract. Many use tinder and other sites and while many men fail, these
men even the average looking are masters at this. They got their shit
together.
There is lots of negativity heightened by internet and ,many
corporations to organisations pushing their agenda.
Also take a look onlineto see advise that women get, it’s crazy. Lots of
how playing hard to get and just nonsense rules.
There is one more man..
The creator.
He is a man who has evolved.
This man don’t care much on women wanting to lay eggs and want a father for
children, and all rest, and try to ﬁx man.
So some men have evolved to be who they desire to be in regards to passion,
dreams, goals and experiencing wonders in life. The’ve gone through a lot of
growth, knowledge, experiences and evolved with a diﬀerent view on how they
see the world and life itself.
He has become a creator.
He gets a lot of satisfaction in creating in his work, in inventions, in writing, in
painting and in doing so with achieving goals.
He….attracts…women.
You want to approach to lay eggs, go and ﬁnd someone else. This type of man will
say exactly what he wants and there is some compromise but not as much to
prevent him in his greater purpose and who he is.
You either see compatibility with him or you leave.
No ﬁxing. No changing. No expectations on a woman thinking she can. It will be
pounded on the ﬁrst initial stages, and said outright in a fun way, in a polite way,
in his behaviour but it be said anyway.
Pre-judge him, label him, due to his behaviour, it’s bye, bye.
Try to project past negative relationship experience on him, it’s bye, bye.
Speak negative about his sexuality or hint it, woman is done. Bye.
He likes his freedom very much, it’s less drama, less bullshit, less of a lot of things
most men do.
He’s very knowledgeable in human psychology, woman psychology and even in
marketing and business, to how the world works. You can’t mess with this man as
he lives in reality not fantasy.

He’s curved his emotions even when he loves sex. He thinks long-term but he can
still have fun, sex now but he thinks of many angles, qualiﬁes woman ﬁrst, makes
sure no drama, and many other things he doesn’t want in his life.
He’s the man, who loves sex and relationship too but he doesn’t want a woman
framing it in begining as a relationship. He’s loyal to himself but he is also loyal
and loving to his lovers. They ﬁnd peace and freedom with this man and his
lovers grow to such heights in themselves, in self awareness and knowledge that
helps them grow in their life.
He travels the world doing his own thing.
He’s independant. He has multiple lovers.
Nice guys see him as a jerk, asshole. He doesn’t give a damn.
He knows these men inside out, their psychology and will call them out and show
them who they really are to everyone else if they try that shit with him.
Other men see him as a pioneer, a master of his path, knows his shit and pursue
to learn from him and pay a lot. Those who can’t he still helps giving them
documents to learn by themselves but they still pay.
Most women see him as a jerk, asshole, player but they do because they know
they canot ﬁx him, change him and dictate to him.
Some hate him because he cannot be ﬁxed to their fairytale prince.
Other women are curious about him.
Some women want attention and try to seek him for that but they bore him, and
he knows they’ll fade into distant.
Some women love him, admire him and are attracted to him because they know
out of the nice guys and other men, he is…certainty.
He says what he wants, he goes for what he wants and his behaviour is congruent
to who he is.
He is knowledgeable about sex and has lots of experience, and he knows how to
speak to woman to make her body tingle, her pussy wet with words alone, and
can maintain such a level for years on end.
He’s the man who is certainty and so his knowledge is not based or rooted from
fallacy, luck but certain knowledge and that’s how he knows what to do exactly,
step by step, by step, and structured like a commander in chief.
He brings certainty, whether one likes it or not, it is certainty.
Others see him as exciting, adventureous, learned, vast knowledge to tap into if
they can, and many can’t. He chooses who to share to and ﬂow with.
If you want to know about women, dating, relationships, sex, he knows.
If you want skills or knowledge is arts, he knows.
If you want music production. He knows.
If you want science in story telling, marketing, strategy, business, he knows.
He’s a wordly man of vast knowledge because he has always been a seeker of
knowledge ﬁrst than seeking woman as a trophy so he can be of greater value to
this world and to people around him, community and…most of all, his lovers.
He yearns to enrich his lovers with knowledge and doesn’t fear they ﬂy away. He
desires, he craves, he yearns they grow and be his equal and behave as his equal,
and not be insecure in thinking they don’t deserve him.

And so he elevates them with knowledge and hopes they surpass him with
knowledge, insight as that is love for him if they desire to show it. In that they
believe they are his equal. He doesn’t get jealous or posessive but he is human
and so he has boundaries too.
He reminds people of his boundaries especially his lovers.
He has many options.
He’s not interested in being a knight or supplicate to women. He has a goal, a
dream, a strategy in his life and he aims to fulﬁll as much as he can to leave a
legacy, whatever that legacy is.
He is a creator….
Such men are busy now, thrilled and excited about becoming creators, with
dreams, goals and he attracts.
When living, he is doing what he loves, in his own terms and along the way,
whether oﬄine or online, he attracts and meets women relaxed about it.
It’s not like he arranges a slot to approach but it’s part of his path, journey, in
doing what he does for his life and well, you meet women everywhere.
It’s not a big deal.
The desire is still there but the attitude very diﬀerent to most men.
His purpose comes ﬁrst and with it, he creates abundance, resources in which his
lovers can also enjoy, experience, breath freedom without fear of him being
jealous, possessive or dramatic.
No more approaching.
He attracts.
He has evolved to be the Natural Man not the socially conditiond man who
follows customs, and acient rules to be validated, approved or accepted.
He is a creator.
He creates his own opportunities.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you keep your relationship ﬂying high for many years?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In the begining it is but perceived value.
It is perceieved value, the appearances, the look, whether it is look of a man being
rich or masculine, or smart, or savvy, or exciting, or adventureous, or kind or
whatever.
It is perceived value not stability value.
You’re talking about science of attraction.
Attraction needs knowledge, specialised knowledge and skill.
You go to school, you go through college, you go through university, some even go
further to study other areas of expertise to make this one knowledge work for
diﬀerent situations, for diﬀerent people, for diﬀerent target market and so on.
And yet..many don’t know this knowledge as well as they think they do.

It’s like me saying to you as a commander and you’re one of the soldiers I have
trained..
“Here is bow and arrows. Don’t worry about the ﬁghter jet planes, the tanks, the
grenades, guns, bullets. You will be ﬁne with a bow..and..arrow.”
This is how it is for some with dating and relationships.
If you desire for relationship to keep ﬂying high, you must invest in knowledge
about attraction because attraction has to be constant.
If you think sex alone is going to do it, it won’t.
If you think attraction alone is going to do it, it won’t.
You must know all these phases and not in way you read in many websites, blogs,
answers and most books these days.
No more ﬁllers.
No more theories.
You more motivational.
You must know exactly the what, why, how and also structured application so you
can reﬁne for the type of woman/man you want to build relationship with and
keep it ﬂying.
You must know the science behind each one of these and I am only showing you
the tip of the iceberg…

You must know how to combine everything else with it because it is the ﬁre, it is
the fuel, it is the gasoline, it is the energy, it is the rising of the waves, the roller
coaster, up and down.
You must be consistent with attraction but you must also know each other phases
to why and how it works with attraction.
Then, you will also know…how to keep yourself ﬂying with relationships.
Love is not enough.
That’s a powerful component but only one component with many branches but
still, only one.
Sex won’t be enough either. That’s only one component with many branches and
even then, it is but one.
From attraction right to seduction and past that….all have their own knowledge,
own specialised skill, own process, own emotional language, own psychology and
own structure.
Yes, I know when I say that, it doesn’t make it sound romantic, and yes, I do
believe in romance, and so on but I also believe you got to help all these along the
way with your own leadership that is ﬁlled with specialised knowledge and skill.
Attraction isn’t something you do in the begining and hope it will continue.
You need to know how to be constant with it.
You need to know how to do that and when, and where, etc.

If you don’t, you will ﬁnd relationship diﬃcult later on. You know something is
missing and you start to feel the awkwardiness, and helpless because you know it
has now ﬁzzled out but don’t know exactly what to do.
No matter what you do, right now, after the months or years, it seems hard, seems
not enough and it seems a far ever reaching place.
It is not sheer luck that I am in amazing relationship with multiple lovers, some
we have been together for 18 years, other 15, other 10 years etc.
I know what I am doing and they know too because I shared the knowledge to my
lovers. They grow a lot with me due to my knowledge and insights as I do with
them too in other areas of life.
They understand now about love, romance, sex, and so on is very diﬀerent to
what they knew before meeting me.
Their other relationships as well blossomed.
You can be great in a job but without this knowledge, well, most ﬁnd themselves
not doing well in keeping the ﬁre alive in relationships.
Now that doesn’t mean every person you date is going to stay constant in that
they will be in sexual and romantic relationship.
That is something no one can promise because human beings come with beliefs,
attitude, insecuirties and so much more before they ever met you.
But…it increases your chances by a huge margin.
Learn as much as you can about attraction but then you must know how to put
the science together in the real world you live in.
Reading has it’s own process.
Learning has it’s own too. Very diﬀerent.
You don’t really learn by reading.
95% can be taught but the 5% that makes what you read have sense, in the world
you live in, needs you to apply, go out there, and you will come back again and
again, to understand so much more on what you read and what it really means.
So you must be careful who to learn from and know for real who you learn from,
know’s what they are talking about and living that life.
That won’t be free.
This kmowledge I have took time, heartaches, investment, re-learning, money,
applying, reﬁning, improving and no one gave a shit to give me for free. Anything
mostly free won’t really do much good except give you an introduction about
something to lead to paying for something to learn the real deal.
Even then, at times what the real deal doesn’t work for real life and just isn’t
practical or it doesn’t answer most of the important questions you have.
I promise you, if you do that, you will experience what I am experiencing and
have done for years.
You will bring so much joy, fun, excitement, sexual appeal, knowledge, and so
much more in that you will grow to know so much about your lovers, and…most
importantly…about yourself.
I would see this journey as a path in knowing yourself more because then you will
know other people’s worries, pains, obstacles, fears, hopes, dreams, goals, why
they think this, why they do this and how it works.

To such a level, that even when you know what you know, and at times people
move on, you will feel empathy, you will be compassionate, and you will have
helped your lover grow, wiser, smarter, and they will forever remember you as the
person who inspired them to grow.
25 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mikeal Monk

When he says to her that she is his best friend, what does it
mean?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered May 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, he has detected that she probably has feelings for him and so he slams
the breaks to say..
1. I do not see you in way you think and feel - sexually and romantically
2. To not take my behaviour as anything else but friendship
3. That is all it is and nothing else.
When a guy says that, take his word for it.
If you want to clarify don’t look for hints and signals. You’ll waste time and you’ll
get hurt as well. Do any shit tests and you will lose trust.
If a woman tests me, I immediately burn that bridge and shut the door to never
open it again. I don’t like games and manipulation.
No one does who has sense.
Instead a woman needs to be direct with guy in saying how she feels and be ready
for rejection if it happens.
If rejection happens then let it be and move on.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I take a girl out who comes from a rich family without
me showing her I come from a poor background?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the
shore - Andre Gide
If she wanted a guy coming from a rich family she can do so. Not so diﬃcult
especially when she comes from a rich family too.
Focus on giving her a good time with being yourself and always grow with
knowledge that helps you to do that in a connecting way.
Or you will lose site of the vast oceans.
The experience, the good time to have together, being yourself and just let go of
attaching yourself worth with income, background, family, external objects
which I know it’s diﬃcult due due how we are pounded from the day we are born
that our self worth is due to the identiﬁcation and comparing ourselves to others.
It’s not. That is the shore.
That’s how you lose site of the oceans.
You lose authenticity.
You lose your self concept.
You lose your own identity.

You start to maintain your self esteem with transactional games in getting
response from others to be liked, approved, loved, validated which gets you to
lose your authentic self.
And all you do then is just to provoke a stroke, a response instead of connecting
to the hearts and minds of who you are with.
You begin to wear a social mask and in time you will not even know who you are,
what you want out of life and where you are going.
You will only see the shore and stand on that shore.
Venture into the unknown, meet the new life awaits you with courage.
The adventure of chasing for validation to believe your “self worth” due to
attachment of external objects, is over.
That is the most easiest thing to do.
That path is full of people.
That level is packed with so many people.
The shore is crowded you can hardly sometimes move.
It is full of people trying to compare themselves to others, to rich, to friends, to
someone who has the good looks, physique, job, profession, money and all sorts
of things.
But there is another path that is spacious, with so much room for growh and ﬁlled
with unknown steps, uncertainty and yet great potential to learn so much more
than when you speak…it connects at the heart and mind of who you are with.
Before you is a woman, a human being, with many insecurities, fears, hopes
being dashed, worries of other kinds, which you do not see.
Rich or poor, we all pre-judge.
We all compare in some way.
We all label.
We all categorise.
She is the same, no matter how much money her and family has.
Let go of the shore…the pedestal.
You cannot discover new oceans, and these oceans is knowledge on how to
converse, how to connect emotionally and psychologically in it’s purest form if
you are always on then shore.
The ocean is how to make someone feel alive in learning a new perspective you
learnt from your life and all around you.
It is reminding others of courage by just your behaviour and of what freedom
really feels like..to how incredible life is as you paint words that mesmerises her
of the lessons you learnt, of the aspiratons you have, of how she can still learn
from someone like yourself, and see life in a way she hasn’t seen before from
those around her.
It is share and embrace new insights, challenge yourself, challenge her, become a
better version of yourself and you won’t be able to….unless you have the courage
to lose sight of the shore.
Make not your background or anything else as an excuse to not learn how to
express, engage and connect.

And only way you do that is be true to yourself because it is these gems and
knowing how to express in an emotional language that captures hearts and
imagination, no matter rich or poor, black or white, arab or american, jew or
indian.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the
shore - Andre Gide
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What was the last picture you took with your phone?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This one here…

I was in Ibiza and just come back a few days ago.
As I walked out of the party and down the street where there were diﬀerent night
clubs next to each other, with lap dancers/pole dancers in some of them, women
in tight bikini, enticing men outside these clubs, I saw something from the corner
of my eye…
It was large image.
Huge poster on a large building.
I had to check it out.
I am into psychology and also marketing, so I take lots of photos of advertising,
billboards, posters, and even night club ﬂyers I ﬁnd interesting due to the design
or illustration.
I crossed over and took this photo.
Then went back to join the party.
170.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop feeling inferior when I'm around a woman that's
more attractive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In other words, why do you compare yourself to women who you feel are
more attractive than you?
You do it to..maintain your…self esteem.
You have been socially conditioned to build and maintain your self esteem by self
referring yourself to external objects.
This is really human nature but only when you are self aware will you see this as
just part of a process in how your mind works. You can then work on yourself to
not stop it but becoming more self aware.
Your mind like everyone else pre-judges.
Your mind ﬁlters.
Your mind compares and categorises.
Your mind puts labels on things to identify with these things.
Even when you was a child, you knew this because you was already judging,
categorising, putting labels on where you ﬁt, what everything around you means

to you.
In doing so, you made a life decision.
The life decision was made probably before the 10 years old and it was a decision
that is at times very unrealistic.
You decided what social mask to wear.
You decide what game to play to stimulate you. to make you feel a certain feeling
to maintain your self esteem.
This path becomes very addictive as everything you do becomes a journey of
maintaining a false image.
You do it to make your world predictable.
By that, I mean, you do things for you to then say..
“See! I was right.”
Though you at times you feel it’s not natural for you but the pay oﬀ feels good.
The pay oﬀ is the strokes you get from other people, the validation, the
acceptance and the approval.
You then ﬁnd yourself lost.
You have no self concept - in other words, you are not self aware.
You have grown to categorise your self worth, your self esteem, your self
conﬁdence, your identity, by referring your self to external objects such as:
External beauty
Trends
Height/size/wieght
Facial features
Age
Gender
Job
qualiﬁcations
Skills
What others say about you
To even go further in comparing yourself to other people’s traites, their careers,
how much money they earn, how many follow them, how many vote for them,
who they hang around with and who is popular to who is not.
You even comparing yourself with your social identity.
It goes like this..
1. You evaluate yourself and pre-judge by looking at the person and then
looking at how it looks like within the society you live in if you
associated yourself with the person.
2. Everyone categorizes themselves. We all do and much some of it, a
helluva lot of it is done without even knowing. It runs on autopilot and it
is attached to our perception at that given moment in our lives.
Some of us a lot more self aware and catch it to push on to see more than
pre-judge and wonder what it looks like to the world.

Though much of it is due to our brain…there are also other forces at play.
We are socially conditioned from early age to indentify our self worth with
attaching our self with external objects.
Our mental process works that way too, which it is why it’s so easily for people to
be conditioned.
We categorise objects to understand and identify them.
We are always looking at meanings and when we do, we also categorise external
objects into groups like..
Hot
Sexy
Cute
Beautiful
Gorgeous
Rich
Poor
Healthy
Not healthy
And so on.
Women walking around comparing their asses, breasts, height, face, clothes,
style, with othe women, and men do the same with other guys looks, build, the
woman he is dating and so on.
In comparing your self to external objects you begin to competing, and when you
do hat…you will always lose…your ‘self.’
You are maintaining your self esteem, your self image and your ideal self to that
which you have no control over.
Women look at their friends and compare themselves with their friends body,
facial features, height to make themselves think they are attractive too.
They don’t realise they already are.
You see girls for example hanging aroung attractive girls because they think it
makes them look attractive.
You see people associating themselves with someone of high social status and
think by doing so, they get a share of the power to show oﬀ to their social groups.
You see people comparing an answer with most votes or a product on amazing
with ﬂood of customer testimonials.
You see a product is £95 but that is a decoy and they add a diﬀerent product
where you get one free plus an accessory for £69.99 and that’s the one they really
want you to buy.
So even in marketing and sales, the evaulating and comparing is known and used
often to sell more products and services.
When you maintain your self esteem, self image and ideal self by referring to
exernal objects then you lose the quality that makes each woman/man unique,
distinctive and so, a person is struggling with his/her ideal self, their authenticity
and the mask they wear.
You lose so much more.

You lose out the journey of growth because you’re too busy comparing to connect
with people at a deeper and emotional level.
The key to understand is this..
Every human being evaluates, categorises, then you will also come to the wisdom
that even the most attractive women are doing the same.
You may not see it happen before your eyes but it’s happening in their mind.
The most gorgeous woman can feel insecure.
Even she feels at loss.
Even she will feel alone.
Even she will feel fake.
Even she cries
Even she gets drumped by a man or woman
Even she will feel doubts.
She will even feel stress and lose it when challenges come
Now imagine if you was not at loss but self aware most of the time with why
you feel the way you feel and see it ina fresh new perspective.
You will then work towards letting go of self referring yourself to external objects
and build from within.
You will focus on pursuing and building an exciting life for yourself.
You will explore the world and spend time connecting with people at a deeper
level.
You will enrich yourself with experiences that will ﬁll your life with wonder,
stories most will never live and yet stories that will inspire when you connect
with others.
You will bring uniquiness, have a distinctive quality and when you walk, speak,
share, teach or just share….people will feel that energy around you.
There will always be someone sexier, hotter, beautiful, gorgeous, better dressed,
richer and so on. There will always be someone bigger, faster and stronger in this
world when you compete with external things.
There will always be someone who will try to tell you about your looks and judge
you about this or that, either in words or behaviour or silence.
There will always be someone who thinks you’re incompable, not smart
enough, fast enough, good enough, tall enough, short enough, attractive
enough, out of their league and so on.
But when you know that you are ﬁne with that then all there is…is your journey of
self growth and connecting with human beings instead of competing.
You ﬁnd peace with yourself and most of all, you celebrate other people’s beauty,
other people’s success, other people’s stories, other peoples achievements with a
heart and mind that doesn’t compete but with a deeper human spirit that all
tides…raises all ships.
That doesn’t mean everyone will feel the same way but it sure is alot better than
putting other people on pedestals.
Comparing will always be there.

It is human nature to categorise, pre-judge when we don’t even know the person,
never met the person, never worked with the person and never been in
relationship with the person.
But none can ever compete with this…
Your own self growth.
Your own journey.
Your own self awareness,
There is only one you and no one can own your self image, your self esteem and
your ideal self except if start comparing yourself to others.
So to your question..
“How do you stop being inferior when you’re around a woman that’s
attractive.”
You don’t stop it.
You understand that it is a natural feeling.
You embrace it as a natural part of being a human being
Then set your path on a journey of self growth
That it is a message. It is fear calling you as a friend that it is time to
grow, read, learn, understand yourself more.
7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Samantha Razon

She messages me every day, and we call each other mostly every
night. When I ask her to hang out, she is always busy. What is
happening here?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why are you wasting time on a woman who wants nothing more but for stimulus
to pat her ego?
You lead and you do that by moving on as you found out she isn’t interested in
you in that way. It’s obvious. Don’t believe a word she says. Move on.
When you show intent to a woman and she declines, and gives you all kinds of
reasons, that’s your cue to move on and foward with your life and leave her
behind.
She is not available by her own behaviour towards you, and you are exerting
eﬀort, energy, and wasting your resources, time, over a woman who isn’t
behaving in a manner to justify you to even spend a minute with her on phone in
regards to attraction.
There is no attraction here.
There is only a woman who has found someone to be her emotional tampon,
nothing more than emotional support and is psychologically seducing you with
each put down, when you ask her out.
If she tries telling you about who you talk to, tell her it’s none of her damn
business and she’s not your girlfriend.
Move on and spend time approaching many women, and learn, improve instead
of being stuck.
She’s going nowhere. Move on.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend broke up with me after I touched her beyond
where she permitted me to but gave me no sign of discomfort.
She said she didn't know how to say no. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You move on and read this to improve.
You’re looking to how to improve with women who are not being proactive in
being vocal and taking responsibility for their own sexuality.
Let’s start with attraction…

You see the middle part of WTF?
What I do is I don’t move on until I make sure attraction is mutual and she must
show it in her behaviour and also verbally.
I use text and I build on attraction and let’s say she behaves in a manner of
showing me she is also mutually attracted.
There is a way of doing this and you need to understand what is attraction, the
psychology behind attraction and how it works because you avoid many mistakes
most men and women make that kills attraction.
It makes it so much easier because you know what you’re doing and a woman
feels you know what you are doing, and ﬁnds conﬁdence in it too.
So I make sure attraction is mutual and if yes..I move forward…

Bear in mind the following:
I behaved congruent to what I desire
I behaved as a lover
I am dressed, in archtype of a lover
I speak as a lover
I avoid being passive-aggressive
So what I am looking for is already projected in the begining in how I say the
words and my behaviour.
The visual subcommunication reveals…
This is who I am, and this is on oﬀer, do you have same desires and attitude as I
have? Are you available and feel the same as I do?
I am not looking for a friend. I am not looking for a woman who cannot be vocal
about her intentions, sexually and romantically.
I proactively screen out women who I feel are not behaving in a manner that
conﬁdently reveals attraction to me and who are not of same values that I seek.
If I ﬁnd it is not so...I move on…

Therefore, attraction is not enough.
Look. A woman can be gorgeous, with amazing body, ass, tits, face, and even
passionate about something in life but there maybe something that puts me oﬀ.
Attraction is not enough for me.
I know the drama, how boring it can be, tedious, and just downright shit when
you date someone who just isn’t same vibe as you.
In the attaction phase I am fun, exciting, adventureous and we have a laugh role
playing, ﬂirtatious ﬁrst in a indirect way and then increase in a direct way. Even
in this initail stage I will know the attitude she has.
It’s not so diﬃcult to see where one is as they will behave in a manner to reveal
their lack of experience, their attitude, their sexual conﬁdence level and lots of
other issues that surface for you to see red ﬂags.
This is all happening through tools like texting and phone.
I will know her attitude regarding physical intimacy and sex, and other things
like her values, and anything else.
If she prejudges, that is her own psychological script and I don’t take it
personally.
Why should I?
I wasn’t with her when she was born, brought up in an environment and decided
what life means to her. I didn’t choose the partners she dated and got messed up
to project onto me.
It’s her psychology not mine.
So if I ﬁnd something in attraction phase that it is cold, that she isn’t engaging in
a manner I like then I move on. I do give chances but the pattern is so clear in the
begining, so obvious that I just can’t be assed and move on.
We are not going to meet and we will not date.
There’s no point for further communication.
I move on.
But let’s say it we click and so we lead towards compatibility on certain issues I
feel are important to me.
Such as physical intimacy
Sexual intimacy
Also her views about worldly matters in a fun way.
You can have fun discussing these things and you get to see if you are compatible
on other things too.
Here then is where the sexualisation increases - as well as - projecting what
we like to happen…when…we…meet.
I lead and I listen, observe, and feel her vibe.
So all the stuﬀ kissing, holding hands, caressing, when, were, how, how far, sex and
the whole lot, happens here BEFORE we meet face to face.
It is done in a way in which it creates excitement, adventure and it is like gasoline
on ﬁre poured for it to soar high.
The speed it can move from Attraction to Compatibility can happen fast.

Sometimes in a day, sometimes a few days and sometimes so fast we even meet
on the night. It depends on many factors I won’t go into.
If I ﬁnd we are not compatibile on important matters like physical intimacy, like
sex, like how we see the world, then..I move on.

Compatibility is important in that we have similar attitude, towards a process,
and we are agreeing to work towards it.
Give you an example roughly..on physical intimacy…
Me - One thing. Let’s not make it awkward with all this kissing, holding hands.
Last thing you and I want to experience is hands behind our back walking like
idoits on who is going to make the move ﬁrst.
Her - Haha! I am the same. I can’t stand that. I am so craving for you right now
and so I am going to be all over you.
Me - No tongue though or I’ll slap your ass ;)
Her - Kinky. Mmmm, love that. Slap my ass good ;)
So now on this issue we have compatibility and I will go through others as well.
such as sex, how far with sex, bondage, all kinds of things to life in general.
All this is happening pretty fast through texting and building tiny touch of
comfort.
We now move forward to meet.
It makes the rest of the process especially comfort very simple, easier, enjoyable,
fun, exciting and rich adventuerous experience…without awkwardiness..

I don’t turn oﬀ my sexuality vibe when we meet.
I lead and pretty much woman’s arms are already around me, laughing, kissing
and we are both taking responsibility.
It started with attraction but now I swop, to comfort to attraction.
Comfort now leads but I continue to sprinkle attraction.
It is kept fun, romantic, sexual, exciting as we both grow comfortable even more
with each other in a sexual romantic fashion. We both challenge each other in a
ﬂirtatious language and we both know were it is all leading to.
It is far easier to date a woman who is of similar attitude to you. You need to make
sure that is so way back in the begining and avoid fearing loss.
Women, won’t think twice walking away as you have experienced and so, make
sure you also walk away from the begining if she is not compatible with you with
physical intimacy and how far you desire it so.
I don’t apologise in getting that right out there in open from day one.
Granted, there maybe some challenges in regards to the country you’re at but you
can learn and apply to improve in your world as I did.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kirk Copple

Do guys really mean what they say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Weird? Not weird at all.
3 days is not a lot, for him. Everyone’s diﬀerent. Some can move fast and others
can’t. lots of factors in play like personality of the person, conﬁdence, self esteem
and so on.
But right now, you’re on attraction phase not comfort phase. That’s where
attraction is…

He’s not comfortable to phone you that soon. You want to leap on comfort but
he’s not comfortable as yet for that.
That is why comfort is way down and attraction is where you are at the moment.
Some can take even a day for this and some weeks, some months.
Depends on person but it’s not weird if he text for a while and then calls. Most
don’t like calling ﬁrst until some interaction by text.
So he has been texting ﬁrst and now he is going to talk on phone, ﬁnd out more,
see your personality on phone.
When it gets to phone, keep it upbeat, no negativity and sprinkle some comfort
i.e. share something about yourself in a story way, brieﬂy and he does same, but
then keep it on attraction…fun..exciting..arousing…role play.
If someone doesn’t feel comfortable calling that means they are not comfortable.
That’s it. Nothing weird about it.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

How does a girl ﬂirt over text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re using WhatsApp which is best to use, make sure to add other elements
like..
1. Words
2. sexy photos
3. Sexy gif
Use variations as time goes by.
4. When you get to a stage of sweet freedom lustful texting, and he does
same, then use hardcore sexual gifs and still photos.
5. Keep away from uncertainty like “if” word. Be certain when you text,
Don’t create doubts on how you’re attracted to him. Make it cerain. No
“if” word or any words that cast doubt.
6. Always have fun. Attraction is about fun, freedom, wild, adventureous
not small talk. It’s about turning the ﬁre on, building it to high intensity.
7. Avoid “hey” and “hey what’s up.” Never use these as a guy I’d not reply
and think you’re just killing time and it’s not bringing any value. Bring

value. Fun. Sexiness. Boldness..
Text 1
You -Hey Sexy, congratulations!
Guy - What for?
You - Congratulations. I was thinking about you. Now please, pop out of my head
as I can’t concentrate on (whatever you’re doing) when I am thinking of all those
naughty thoughts..Mmmmmm
Text 2
You - Hey sexy, want to know something?
Guy - Yeah, like what?
You - I get so turned on thinking about you
Text 3
You - I never met a guy who makes me feel so sexy
You - (Or) I never met a guy who makes me feel…..I want so much
Text 4
You - Guess what I am thnking about?
Guy - Banana ;)
You - Hahaha. Close. All the ways I can make you cum..Mmmm.
Text 5
You - You make my entire body sing, tingle, and my legs cave in when thinking of
you. I’m at work and I’m so wet just thinking how it will feel when you fuck and
pound me as you pin me on the wall..
Get the idea…gradually heat it up and go nuts when you get past 5.
11.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell if a guy I am seeing has a small package?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you know where the Gspot is?
It’s not all the way down to your anterior vagina wall.
It’s actualy a few ﬁnger length down and up..

That doesn’t need a 10 inch dick.
It needs a woman who knows her own body and can pleasure herself, which is
called sexual conﬁdence - and - a man who is also knowledgeable, has sexual
conﬁdence.
In being so, both can communicate as you fuck each other, and that is really
where the amazing pleasures come from, in knowing each others pleasures,
bodies and how to turn each other on.
A woman will know how big his dick in the same way he knows what a woman
really looks like when she takes oﬀ her make up, the contouring that makes her
bust bigger and those push up bars.
When you’re both naked and both see who you really are ;)
Focus more on the man, intimacy than the length of his dick.

If a woman is sexually conﬁdent she will know this knowledge, but if she isn’t,
she won’t know how to arouse herself, get herself turned on and if she doesn’t
know that, she won’t know how to do the same to the man.
If a man doesn’t have a hard on, it’s probably, most likely that he isn’t aroused by
the woman he is with, and so there isn’t much to her then, if that is the case.
Probably because it’s all that small talk because she’s avoiding regarding sex and
so on, you know, talks on hobbies, jobs, weather, ﬁllers we call it, and it doesn’t
arouse at all.
It doesn’t also help when you got people who don’t know a damn thing and give
advice that it is creepy to sexualise, verbal and subcommunication wise.
Like here..
How can men sexualize a conversation with women?
Women don’t bring the wild in man, she has to lead if she does and that is rare as
women fear being called sluts, whores, looking too easy and all the psychological
script and games they play with to justify…sex, rather than seeing it as an
experience to enjoin to get intimate and bond, and trust one another without this
expectations that withholding sex is going to prolong into a long term
relationship which is a fallacy.
Always talking about “when ready,” like it’s some switch they press.
45.9k Views · View Upvoters

The Witch denied Rapunzel the right to go outside her tower to
“see the world.” Why did she do this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The fear of loneliness.
To control her by isolating her from the outside world.
What is the ﬁrst thing someone who is possessive does?
They try to isolate you from the world outside so they can get you to remove all
your resources, your social circle and that way…you are now relying on them.
That way, you cannot do anything without them and you become helpless and
feel alone with this person’s help or without them being in your life.
So the Witch doesn’t want her toexplore and get a taste of the outside world.
She doesn’t want Rapunzel to her to because she knows, when Rapunzel does,
she will discover so much more.
The Witch won’t be able to control her anymore.
That is the essence of it all.
Control.
That is why the Witch tells her about bad things can happen out in the world. She
projects her own negative experiences, her own psychological script, her own
fears and makes it look like she cares for Rapunzel.
She epaints it like it is love and how she loves Rapunzel so dearly.
But it is not love.
It is ego based and ego is all about control,

Control comes from fear of losing something.
The Witch fears being alone.
That is why she tries to deny Rapunzel to explore the outside world.
Rapunzel, is strong, spirited and she loves to explore and to step out of her
comfort zone. She’s not like most Princesses who wants world to come to her but
rather, she wants to escape the comfort zone and go out into the world.
She’s spontanous and very social.
She doesn’t fear social pressure and feels anxiety like most do. She is someone
who likes to live on the edge and take chances.
That’s what she does.
When she does meets the outside world, she sees a lot more is on oﬀer.
She enjoys everything she sees and what life has to oﬀer.
Being trapped in that tower enabled her for that time to be talented in many
skills, from arts, music, proving herself to be expressive and talented.
And when she ﬁnally escapes, she fuses all these as she experiences all the beauty
she ﬁnds even in the ugliness of the world she meets.
She learns she has so much to oﬀer and is very independant.
Which is what the Witch didn’t want Rapunzel to feel, experience and realise
about herself.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to keep a relationship strong when your
guy’s away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Communication
2. Not just any communication
3. Sexual capturing emotions
4. Firing his imagination up
5. Showing a shit load of admiration with sexual ﬂirtations
6. Using text that is so fucking creative, sexy
7. Texting images
8. Videos of you and turning him on
9. Some comfort talk, about each other
10. Future aspirations about each other. Make this fun not boring
As you can see, it is communication but not as what so many know it.

I am in relationship for 18 years with a lover, another 12 years with another lover,
another 15 years, another 10 years, and yes, I am in multiple relationships.
I’m non- monagmous .
I learnt how this communication knowledge and skill is where so many avoiding
to learn or just don’t know how to learn it.

They don’t know how to communicate at the heart, emotions and imagination of
their lover and to one another..
Men also want admiration, want emotions, want to feel loved, want to feel sexy,
want to hear you desire him, want to hear how and want you to show visually not
just in words.
They want to feel fun as well and connecting all these feelings…with you.
The communication I learnt is something that just totally, awesomely, connects
at such a deep level, and it’s sincere as well, it makes a woman or man, feel so
deep in love with their lover.
Of course, the man/woman need to be attracted to each other ﬁrst.
If that’s there, then your knowledge how to keep attraction built and on ﬁre, will
help a long way.
It is a myth that when you are now in relationship, you don’t need to build in
attraction.
Not true.
You need to constantly build on attracton.
You really need to learn this knowledge if you want to increase your rate of
success with relationships.
I am sometimes shocked at how many don’t know how to do it. It’s sad with
billions poured in education and all these books as well on Amazon, in which
none really teach it.
But there we go.
Communication but that which builds on attraction to amazing heights and there
is no limit how high it goes. No limit at all.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What’s the best way to handle an insecure woman who doesn't
know what she wants?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have options. Don’t focus on one woman as it takes to get to any phase with most
women. You want to..
1. Attract
2. Show less investment in the begining
3. Screen out
4. Screen in
5. Focus on who is really investing as you do
That way you’re not frustrated.
We are men not women.
Marity of women don’t approach men.
So they can sit on their ass waiting for men to approach them.
You’re a man and you cannot put all your time on one woman but have other
options, so you focus more on who is really wants to move forward.

The one who puts more time and is in balance with you in eﬀort is the one to
really focus on more. The others they get nothing much because they don’t give
either, no matter what their reasons is, whether busy or this or that. That’s all ﬁne
but you now move forward with the one who invest in the experience the way you
do with her.
Women who say “but that’s a number game.” have no clue.
It is easy for them to say that.
Majority of them do not take action approaching men and connecting with men
when it comes to dating
Those who do, still need a man to lead.
They behave like princesses.
Not all but most women are like that and it’s understandable due to socially
conditioning and fears they’ll be seen too easy, slut, whore.
But we take risks and meet half way and if they don’t, then we move on.
That is why I have options.
I don’t waste time wondering if a woman knows what she wants. I have my
boundaries and I show my intent. I lead.
Women will be thinking a millon things in their head and so there will be many
insecurities and fears.
At best of times, most will self sabotage because they follow some norms,
fallacies and crazy dating rules which if you meet such women, it is best to walk
away and leave them to it.
Also they got all the insecurities kicking in and social pressure.
If you just focus on leading instead of being passive, then you’re only aim is to
ensure you’re time isn’t being wasted by showing intent.
Yes, there is a way of doing it and I’m not going to go through it here as most men
have yet to sort out other issues like the fundamentals and their mindset.
For now…
You don’t want to spend anymore time with a woman who doesn’t show interest
back.
What’s point of even going further with someone who doesn’t put eﬀort in?
You want to invest less in the begining and by that, she needs to show eﬀort in
that she reveals she is also attracted to you.
The key is..
1. Have options
2. Have boundaries
3. Know what you want
4. Lead..screen out or in
5. If women isn’t behaving in manner to make it easier for you, like not
showing interest and back and forth, you move on.
Always invest less in the begining.
She must show interest or she doesn’t qualify anymore for your time, attention
and so on.

Sure, she can reﬂect or whatever, but in the end, you’re moving forward because
there are plenty of women out there.
You want to a woman who wants to date you and not a woman who makes it
diﬃcult for you, and being all ambigious.
You’d ﬁnd you’ll avoid many women who play mind games, play hard to get and
also women who just got too much baggage.
It makes it easier and faster for you to move forward and attract women who feel
same way as you do, and who do show interest, who do engage and who have
similar attitude as you to work together from A to B to C.
Make dating easier for yourself.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jason Gardner

I'm torn between wanting to be free and wanting to be in a
relationship with a woman who treats me like an absolute king.
How do I choose?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can..
1. Let her know what it is you do want. Don’t pretend and lie.
2. That way you are not building expectations for her
3. Don’t get carried away with your emotions. You’ll hurt her and you can
hurt yourself for hurting her, and it will weigh on your conscious. Just
control your emotions, and mouth, and don’t paint some future big
picture.
4. And then date, be in relationship and now she knows what to expect.
Though she might try to frame it into something but you remind her
when she does, what it is.
If she can’t accept that, then you have no choice but to move on.
Honesty is the best policy.
Never lie. You don’t need to.
That’s what hurts people most. You lie, build expectations and promise what you
cannot keep. Don’t do it. There’s enough pain in world as it is.
Be the guy who got his head screwed right.
I never promise and say what I cannot deliver. It’s best way of living. Not easy for
most people but hey, nothing worth while builds your character and makes you a
man who is strong emotionally too.
Control your emotions and that doesn’t mean don’t show empathy, feelings,
compassion and love. It means control your emotions in avoiding to speak what
you cannot deliver.
Control your emotions.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that the cute guys are always jerks?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The scorpion wanted to cross the river. He suddenly saw a frog.

“Hey Frog, I need your help to get across this river.”
“How will I know you won’t sting and kill me?” asked the frog
“Because, if I did that, I’d drown too!”
It made sense and so the frog agreed to let the scorpion get on his back.
Half way across the river, the frog felt a painful sharp sting on his back and
suddenly the deadening numbness spread through his entire body. As they
slowly began to sink the frog shouted.
“WTF! You idot! We’re going to both die! Why would you do that?”
“I couldn’t help it. It’s in my nature,” said the scorpion.

It’s a pattern and you do it because you got a Psychological script running
through your mind. This script was designed when you was a tiny kid, and so you
reinforced this script with your behaviour to make your world predictable.
It is all to fulﬁll a sense of destiny.
Mostly comes from your ego state, pumped with lots of insecurities and trying to
justify one’s own games to give your life a sense of meaning.
That’s what it is - a game that you are playing, which you designed when you was
younger, i.e. before you were 10 years old. You put on that social mask and though
you may deny it to yourself and probably fool most people, in the end, the one
who loses the most in this game..is..you.
You can never win in this game.
You always lose yourself.
The way this scripts gets strong to such it becomes your reality and part of your
own belief system is you reinforce what you want to be predictable by your own
behaviour.
Your behaviour gets you the results which you want, which by the way, you say to
everyone else..you don’t want…because it helps you to justify some meaning to
you about the gender and about yourself…
“See, all guys just want sex.”
“Does he want me for my body or for me.”
You will say it not your fault, it has nothing to do with you and it is due to someon
else and usually it’s always about the gender.
You keep reinforcing that script, because deep down, you think your ugly, not
really good looking.
So you play the game to attract such cute guys, no matter what for stimulus. That
emotional feeling you get, an addiction, a craving in which why you behave in a
manner to provoke a response from these guys.
And so you get your predictable world and say…
“OOoh, all guys just want me for my body. All cute guys are jerks”
But really, the pattern, that script comes from insecurities and if we ﬂip this over,
it can say something like this…
“The reason why I go for cute guys, is that I want to be validated, to believe I can,
that I am attractive because I feel I am ugly. I want to be popular because I want the
attention. I want to have that meaning to show to my friends I got a good looking
cute guy so I can ﬁt in, so I am approved again and get that feeling I crave for.”

That’s why we say…don’t listen to someone’s words.
Instead look at the consistent results and you shall identify the attitude, the
perception, the script, the behaviour, which all reveals hidden game, or what we
call the Psychological Script.
The person can deny it but the result doesn’t lie.
So the question is..
What are you trying to prove to yourself?
What are you trying to make predictable?
Why do you think attracting guys with your body, your looks, and then
trying to ﬁx and change these guys, but when they don’t validate in way
you want, you call them jerks?
Here’s what it is..
Instead of looking into yourself and realising what is really going on, you go and
attract guys for superﬁcial external looks and then add “cute jerks.”
Your giveaway is you using the word “cute,” which reveals that it is you who are
looking for the “cute.”
That’s what you are gunning for and that is all you have been trying to attract for
a superﬁcial reason.
They can behave that way because they know girls like you exist. Because they
can and because they have options, and because they won’t bend to your rules
and ways in trying to ﬁx them.
They don’t need ﬁxing.
You know what you are doing and always have, but you have this belief like most
women, that you can ﬁx the guy, trying to mould the guy to your image, values,
and beliefs.
11.8k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been attracted to/been in a relationship with a
girl with a pixie cut?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying.
“If you ﬁll your head with other people’s opinions, you won’t have room for your
own.”
You need to really avoid listening to other people’s think on what guys look for,
They have no fucking clue because every guy is diﬀerent.
A guy would run form you not because of your pixie hair but you don’t have a
mind of your own, and you’re being unapprochable.
No guy likes a girl who is inﬂuenced so much by crowd because if she is, well, she
hasn’t got a mind of her own, which personally is drama we don’t need.
Because that type of girl, will be always wondering what friends think, what some
group thinks, what society thinks and she’ll never show who she really is, and
pretend she’s a princess, and all those feelings we want to see, emotions, physical
as well, won’t happen because she’s so worry what the guy thinks.
It’s called over thinking and being unathentic.

I’m not going to go deep into knowledge to get you to see for what it is, but I will
say this…if you think a guy is going to fall for you because of your looks alone,
then you will lose that guy anyway down the road. You’re own insecurities will
fuck it up big time.
I have had enough girls fuck it up when with me, being insecure about their hair,
heir face, ass and all that.
It gets too much. It’s too much drama.
The thing that gets a guy hooked on you is knowing how to engage, at an
emotional level. It’s way you walk with conﬁdence, how you smile, how you see
the guy and approach, how you make him feel alive.
I don’t know how many times women always have this rule but break them again
and again, beause the guy outshines their perception and can connect at an
emotional level, that what they saw ﬁrst is overshadowed by his personality,
charm, conﬁdence and knows how to speak to women.
That is same with you with guys.
If all you got is thinking your hair is going to do it, well, you be like most girls
anyway, Unapproachable, insecure to a high level, and really far too busy over
thinking to see what is going on around you.
There’s more you to than your hair.
If you make it a big deal, the guy will but if you don’t, it won’t be because you are
focused on engaging the guy, ﬂirting, connecting than wondering and worrying
about if your ass is alright, your tits are small or big or your hair is not in fashion
of what some guys think.
Focus on the real deal…being approachable, and connecting.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is the obsession with rich men dating young beautiful
women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is it really an obsession?
Yes, I have heard many a times, if “I have lots of money, rich I would never do
that.”
It’s easy to say such things when people who say that don’t have it and it is easy to
judge others, for what they can have, do, while others can’t.
I don’t see it as an obsession,
I see this…
The…HAVES and the HAVE NOT.
That is really it. They got what these women want, and women got what these
men want. There we go.
That means, they can and there are women who do the same thing but it is just
not publicised as much
It’s not rocket science. It’s not some secret.
It’s called…desire.
It’s called status.

It’s called power.
It’s been going on from day one. The strong and the weak. The strong get it all,
and the weak get what they can, and that is it.
Nature, life doesn’t care about being fair either.
You want to make life fair?
Make it fair.
As for imagining if it was in Amazonian times where…
Dream on.
Greed. Power. Sex. Money. Wealth and women will ﬂock to it like sweet candy and
these men know it.
Is it wrong?
I don’t see it wrong because if these women want to do that, it’s no one’s business.
You want feminism and all that?
Ok then.
It is THEIR BODY.
People love to make out these women have no brains, haven’t got personality
because all they got is looks.
No, many of them are very smart but they decided to make life easier for
themselves and so this is their way.
If that is how they like it, kudos to them. It is their body and life.
These women decided to go for that.
These women got a thirst and it’s rich men.
Rich men got a thirst, young, hot sexy women.
If women had the means, rich, wealthy, they’d do the same AND they ARE. Those
who got the money, fame, wealth are dating, and marrying younger men.
It’s not an obsession.
It is one’s own preference and they got the money to do it.
Desire.
That is all it is and it is natural.
It’s obsession for the have not.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

How does a girl feel after I refused to make out with her twice at
a workplace? But I like her a lot.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you refused then…you rejected her and rejection no matter how it happens
does hurt for most people. Even emotionally strong but they just don’t show it
and can move on faster.
1. She now thinks you are not interested
2. She thinks you don’t see her attractive
3. You probably have a girlfriend.

4. Or she may even think you don’t know what you’re doing and probably
attraction will drop to zero.
If you are attracted to her and want to go further with it..
1. Take her to side and invite her to a drink, out of working hours
2. Then when at the bar, escalate, with physical touch and kiss
3. Don’t go overboard. Leave more deep sexual behind home or her home.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Will a hot girl date someone like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not going to happen and not because a girl is hot or this.
You see girls as hot, not someone who has feelings, emotions, and therefore, you
won’t be able to communicate anyway, in her language but rather project lots of
insecurities, vibes most girls who are not desperate want in their lives.
Most want conﬁdent men who got their shit together, who don’t talk like victims
and who isn’t going to be dragging them down, but lift them up. Liﬁng them up is
a ‘feeling’ that makes a girl feel the centre of her being being lifed up within a
universe of emotions, values, and most of all, her imagination lights up to
anything is possible with this guy.
The amount of women I attract is because of that alone…they FEEL alive, they
feel they can achieve anything they want when with me, they feel they are
special, unique, they FEEL desired, they feel they are with someone who has
value, has an opinion, has certainty, and they feel safe with a man who knows
who he is, isn’t bitching about life.
A girl wants to also feel proud, feel great on who she is dating. She doesn’t want to
date down but up. She doesn’t want to be dragged by someone down but lifted up.
She wants to feel, it was because of her too that she attracts someone smart,
strong and who has sexual appeal.
She comes from a world where mummy, daddy, brother, sister, friends, bitching
about life, complaining, and it’s tedious, boring and not exciting.
It’s a prison, a world of rules, world of bitterness, a world that’s negative, a world
that just drains her already and to then meet a guy who behaves like a friend, a
brother or a victim, isn’t something she wants in her life.
She wants to feel alive, feel like world is ﬁlled with rainbows, possibilities, and for
her imagination to light up whenever she is with the guy she sees as her lover and
boyfriend.
So she is a human being and a human being who desires to connect but to
connect to the guy who knows how to speak her language, and who can be not
just a boyfriend but someone she feels inspired when she is with, mentally and
emotionally.
Imagine then….she meets a guy who behaves in the opposite manner, who hasn’t
shown he loves life, who is hiding, who is doesn’t trust people, who doesn’t give
much to world, who doesn’t connect and yet, he is in then social world as she is
too.
It’s not much fun dating a guy who has nothing much to oﬀer and is always
seeing himself as nothing, small and is wanting so much but does nothing about
it.

If you have sense, you see where you are is by your own choices.
If you have sense, maturity, you see the lack of is due never caring about others
but yourself. You only care about your getting, your problems and not really
about other people.
Now imagine, you got a girlfriend. What world she is going to see and experience?
Loneliness
Isolation
Pity/victim mentality/draining
Fear, jealousy/possessiveness
Lots of other insecurities i.e. lack of self worth, doubting the
relationship, doubting girl, doubting one self.
What have you got to oﬀer?
What did you build in your life in passion?
What is your story?
If you did have a “hot girlfriend” you’ll spend most of your time self sabotaging it
with jealousy, possessiveness and wondering why she is dating you and not
someone else who is hot.
Most of it will always be looking at signals, hints and if another guy was talking to
her, you’ll fear loss and behave irritational.
You’ll be doubting, questioning and suck the life and energy out of her and lose
her, and because you never gained much experience in these matters, and added
insecurities and it leads to depression and on and on it goes.
You haven’t friends because you didn’t become one for others.
You don’t talk to anybody and make eﬀort to learn social skills and engage the
world.
So of course nobody calls anyone who is selﬁsh, who hasn’t gonet out in the world
to engage, bring value to the table. It’s all abouot take..take..take, want and not
enough of investing in one self and bring value to the world.
You said it yourself..
“I don’t talk to anynobody and I don’t call anyone.”
What does anyone expect when they are all about themselves?
If you want something in life like a friend, be that friend ﬁrst. Then you shall
see friends everywhere.
If you want phone calls, then be the one who takes interest in people in a
genuine manner and without doing so to be accepted. Pepple who do
things to be accepted will complain why so, so didn’t call back and do
then same. No. Do it because it’s you and you want to give and whether
people do whatever, no problem. You keep doing so to many more people
and have good strong boundaries too.
If you want hot, be hot yourself and I don’t mean looks such as genetics.
Gentics isn’t a choice for us who are born but we can have sexual appeal
which I call…your edge.
So ﬁnd out how to do that and live a good life, hit the gym, make
something of yourself, go and live. Get a life.

That is hot for a lot of girls.
Someone who has passion and thirst for life and doing things without waiting for
life to hand him anything.
People gravitate to what they value the most and not many people value recluse,
someone who has no resources and who just closes themselves from the world.
People want a lot and expect the world to hand it to them on a plate.
Not just hot girl, any girl, doesn’t want a guy who doesn’t care about other people,
and only cares about one’s own fears, own insecurities.
Forget hot girl, this girl, or that girl.
If you have social anxiety or some problems, see a professional but you cannot
expect the world to open up to you or trust you, if you do not engage it, be open
yourself and trust others.
It’s alright if that is what you want but if it’s not, then time to step up, get out of
the comfort zone and engage the world.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

I speciﬁed that I want to marry her. She's silent. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. The ﬁrst is you didn’t ﬁrst start by approaching her face to face to
capture her emotions, lead her imagination. Even if you met befor face to
face, you don’t send 5 pages. You put her on a pedestal and put lots of
pressure and made it uncomfortable and awkward.
Something as this important needs face to face and with courage,
certainty, and of approach with 100% certainty in your behaviour.
This is like a child, hiding behind a screen, having doubts, got to send
lots of pages to get approval, acceptance and validation.
It is passive and lacks conﬁdence of your own self worth..
“To tell me if I am not right for her.”
2. You went and approached in the most boring, logical, manner, and killed
her romance, killed her feelings of attraction if ever there was anyway,
killed her story, and I mean, ripped it out of her out, stamped on her
experiences she’d have wanted to feel like a passive-aggressive child.
Women is about feelings.
You approached her talking to her conscious mind and not unconscious
part, in which there is adventure, excitement, imagination, emotions,
feelings that if you know how, she will say rip your clothes oﬀ, go naked
in front of you and rid your dick all night on and sayu to you she wants
your babies and marriage and all the rest.
But you saw a woman and thought..
“Oh banker,” and approached logical.
Probably inﬂuenced by much of the fallacies and myths that comes from

movies, culture, and norms within the commuity or society you live in
and brought up with.
3. You approached her like a man who is also apologetic, a man who is not
certain, a man who showed her that he doesn’t know what he wants.
“I asked her to tell me if I’m not right for her.”
You talk about love, right?
A lover never talks about love like that and if he does, he shows certainty.
No doubt whatsoever. Certainty.
He behaves as a lover and he knows, never to mention that word to a
woman when she is not emotionally invested in him. He knows love and
all that is enough. He will ﬁrst ensure she is mutually atracted to him, in
a way that excites her, that makes her feel alive, that makes her heart
race, her body tingle, her pussy throbbing and pulsating wet.
You robbed her of those feelings.
4. There was never a reason to send a 5 page letter, no matter of the
circumstances and situations.
You have to approach a woman face to face, but you approached in such
a passive way and not only that….you approached in a supplicating
manner. 5 pages. There needs to be balance and for her to also have
emotionally invested in you.
You don’t send or say things like that without knowing for certain the
attraction and level of attraction is mutual. That means there hasn’t been
much evidence from her side to show this which is why you approach
with some doubts and uncertainty of how she feels and sees you. That is
why you added..
“To tell me if I am not right for her.”
The way you did it is in banging that on facebook, belittled it all. It
needed to be done face to face, not by letters, but by eye contact, and
words, facing her and being conﬁdent when doing so.
Now, she doesn’t feel special.
She doesn’t feel unique.
She doesn’t feel alive and desiring, and lustful for you.
She feels awkward. She feels uncomfortable. She’s not sure now about you as the
man she wants because when a woman works in a bank, it is connected with
values of conﬁdence and power.
Values to take into consideration. Masculine man, a man of courage and
certainty. Also maturity and emotional control to a level that is still arousing, still
exciting but strong, emotional and yet mature.
She feels she has been robbed of the…experience…the story..all those feelings,
those wonderful expectations she has…on how it will be…and feel like…when the
day happens for a man to..sweep her oﬀ her feet.
Banking is where she works.

Banking is about Power, about Conﬁdence not Passiveness. She works there for a
reason. That’s the values she looks up to and therefore that alone needed to be in
your mind.
All this information would have revealed to you to approach as a man of power
and in that I mean a man who is conﬁdent, who will walk up to her without
doubt, supplication and talk face to face.
But you ﬁlled the gap and took away all that she could imagine and it doesn’t
connect with her values, of what a man is to her, and how she needs to feel.
You didn’t sweep her oﬀ her feet and you didn’t make her feel special.
Of course she is silent.
What woman won’t be when a man approaches like that.
Go and approach face to face, forget about talking about marriage, focus ﬁrst in
capturing her emotions, make her feel alive, and be a man. Give her the
opportunity in which she needs to emotionally invest.
You have doubts due to her not showing much emotional investment in what you
see as a relationship.
You don’t need letters of romance.
This is not Hollywood or Bollywood.
This is real life.
You’re robbing her of the face to face, the sexual tension, the feelings she needs to
feel, the eye contact, the…experience and physical touch when a man talks to her
face to face, like he knows SHE is who he desires without doubt.
Give her…the…experience ﬁrst.
Get her heart pounding and racing and leave all this logical stuﬀ behind.
She is silent but silence means a lot.
It means, she doesn’t recipocrate, she doesn’t feel the same way and if she did,
attraction is probably dead because of this approach.
It may mean she is unsure of what she perceived you as and now this behaviour
has probably revealed something to let her know, it’s not what she wants in a
man.
It’s passive. It’s not romantic. It’s weak and has uncertainty tone to it.
It doesn’t ignite passion inside of a woman when men supplicate, and approach
with uncertainty and without face to face, like a man who had courage and true
understanding about what makes her feel special and unique.
Even when it’s not face to face, you need to ﬁre up her emotions to such a level,
she will be compelled to say she desires you for the rest of her life.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy asks if you've ever had a
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, passive-aggressive, trying to subtley look for signals, to see if you are
interested in him instead ﬁnding his balls, and just ask the girl out. It’s the usual
bullshit most guys and even girls play.

And that guy who told you he did hookups before blah blah, and he felt crappy, is
doing the usual bullshit nice guy approach.
He’s trying to show you “OOh I am a nice guy, so diﬀerent, and you can trust me
girl. I’m not looking for a hookup.” And also raising his satus but really, no such
thing as hookups.
You know as well as everyone here, getting a date is half of it, but having sex,
most here don’t do. They pretend they do.
Really, wityh so much baggage about sex, most don’t even have sex because they
so terriﬁed of being labellled as something else.
So all these so called “hookups” never get that far and more like some boring
resturant platonice dating, that anyone with sense won’t waste their time on to
buy each other for sex, and just get on with it.
He’s trying to impress you that he’s so diﬀerent to ALL the other guys.
It’s like women on here, who pimp their sexual image to attract relationship
suitors with answers and comments you see ﬂoating around. I roll my eyes on
such things because I know what it’s about./.
“OOoh I don’t like bad boys, never will date them. I like a good guy and..”
He’s doing the same with you.
Pimping his sexual image as a good guy, a ncie guy, and a guy who looks for
something serious.
It means, if he is interested in you, he certainly hasn’t the balls to ask you out.
5k Views · View Upvoters

Can sex get boring if you do it too much?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the person and who they are with. I don’t get bored but then again. I
am careful on who I select as my lover and I also have a lot of knowledge,
experience and sexually conﬁdent.
It’s not something that stands still in knowledge and skill. There’s lot more to
attraction and sex most know.
Most only touched the surface of it all.
What makes sex boring?
There are two contributing negative factors.
1. The ﬁrst is women and men grow up being societally conditioned to be
ashamed about sex, their body, their sexuality. They grow in a society ﬁlled with
fallacies, myths regarding dating and lots of labels like, slut, whore, too easy,
player, and so on.
Even most parents play a role in programming their own children regarding sex
and sexuality in a negative way.
That’s one of the reason for the lack of knowledge and understanding that girls
and boys who grow up to be women and men carry with them.
Much of this guilt and shame omes from home,then they ﬁnd it in school and
diﬀerent environments they grow in, to lots of misinformation through
mainstream media, organisations.
So one’s own son and daughter cannot talk to parents about sex.

Where do they go? Online and from friends etc.
Most feel thay if they even ask their parents or close friends, they’d get judged,
pointed at, made to feel guilty.
The second factor is sex is attitude.
2. As you can now see, from the ﬁrst factor, it eﬀects one’s own attitude regarding
sex and this impacts their level of self awareness of their own body, knowlede and
skills with sex.
To even see sex as nothing more than reproduction because everyone is having
children, well, let’s get one and there is no thought to how huge this
responsibility is.
Then there is sex for nothing but to pleasure oneself rather than pleasuring each
other, which take open communication. How can one ever have open
commnication when sex becomes this taboo to even talk about when you meet
someone you’re attracted to.
You ﬁnd people walking on eggshells when dating to even discuss it to ﬁnd much
later they are not compatible with each other.
Sex then becomes…mechanical.
When sex becomes mechanical, it becomes boring.
Many women and men are not comfortable with even discussing sex, never mind
having sex to pleasure each other.
A good lover combines erotic techniques with positive sex attiudes - AND passion. Or sex loses it’s power and becomes nothing more than mechanical.
When someone is ill experienced, lacks understanding about the mixed
emotions, hunger, desire, lust, whims, caprices, prsonalities, both lose the colour,
the ﬂavour and it robs them of greater deepr pleasurable experiences.
It becomes stagnat.
To avoid that, one needs to know their own body andthe body of their lover, to
the all the sexual fantasies, kinks, of ech other.
They will also know that each lover will be diﬀerent in what arouses, what ignites
the ﬁre in them, what stimulates, how to stimulate and so forth.
Sexually empower men and women:
Are knowledgeable about their sexual responses.
They pick good lovers, more often than not. They attract lovers who
meet their needs and revel in their sexuality.
They don’t apologise about their lust, desires and needs. Instead they
desire to experience with other lovers who have the same attitude.
They don’t leave all to fantasy but attract lovers who will experience with
them to make the fantasies a reality.
Most people today hold themselves back.
They fantasies a lot and so they will have so many desires that their own partner
will never know, and both will never experience them together.
Sex then becomes mechanical.
It becomes like a chore, boring, rather than growing together in knowledge,
experience, skills which makes the connection and intimacy stronger.

4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't I move on when she makes it clear she is happy all
over social media making me feel like I am just a mistake?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Moving on means you take actions to do so.
1. You block and remove her from your friends list and any other social
media platforms.
2. You remove and block her from your phone
3. You don’t even start converse or texting, even if she ﬁnds her way to
wiggle back in
4. You don’t go looking at what she is doing, comparing your life to hers
because believe me mate, most people are full of shit. You see all that
happy clapping fun but really, it’s a show and knows…you….are…
looking.
5. You hit the damn gym and start working on yourself. Get ﬁt. Look good
and focus more on you than making girls cente of your life while still
having good time, and door open to date other girls.
6. You go out and have fun with friends and if you haven’t any then this is
the time to learn how to.
7. You look at your passion and put time on that
8. You have no time to waste and build your own resources, life, job or
income as that helps you in the future.
It’s called moving on but you haven’t even started.
You want to move on then move on in action not just thinking about it.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ﬁnd nervous and shy girls attractive?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If there are my lover.
If not, it’s fucking annoying.
It’s all right being nervous and shy, but hey, if you can’t even show you’re
attracted to a guy or a girl, what’s the point?
I don’t go around like most do and say..
“I’m shy, shy, shy, shy, nervous, shy, nervous, not good at talking to people, so
nervous and..”
That programs our brain..
“OOh ok. You is then shy, nervous. That’s what you want. Then I’m not going to
gibve youthe tools you got already inside of you.”
The mind is like a pattern recognition machine.
You tell it enough times you’re nervous, you are shy, you are this, you can’t…not
good enough….never good at it…blah blah…it will make this your pattern. It will
then become your pattern of life.
Let’s get real here.

Shy and Introvert are not the same thing.
Shy is where the person is fearing negative judgement, negative opinion from
others. They crave to be accepted, validated, approved and since they then don’t
take action, they will of course feel nervous in doing the most simpliest of things
like walking up, talking to someone they like and have a conversation.
While introversion is a preference for quiet, for minimal stimulating from the
environment etc.
If you’re shy, nervous, then don’t expect some guy to know you’re attracted to him
if you don’t speak, don’t engage and don’t interact.
Many people complain how others see them and how they don’t have friends but
at the end of the day, it works both ways.
You can’t expect someone to meet a girl half way when she isn’t willing to either,
and grow, and get out of her comfort zone and you can’t expect in a world diverse
in personalities, to think everyone has to accept your personality and not learn
about theirs.
Being awkward, shy, nervous as a lover can be cute.
It’s not cute, it’s not attrractive to me if she isn’t my lover because when you
behave in a manner of dis-interest, believe that isn’t cute, attractive.
If a conﬁdent guy she is attracted to doesn’t approach her then she be like most
girls who grow up as women. They be seen as women who are unapproachable.
Sure, she probably attract guys with her ass and tits and all that, but here’s the
thing many girls don’t realise.
You then don’t have a wider choice that’s out there.
Your pool of men gets very restricted on who approaches you and that is all you
have and you can’t complain why guys who you’re attracted to, don’t approach,
which we see a lot on here asking such questions.
You limit it to probably a lot of assholes, a lot of jerks, a lot of guys who just want a
fuck and leave you standing. You might get someone who is awesome, a lover
time who does love sex but also sees more in you…and the chances of that can be
increased if you are pro-active in these matters.
It’s simple really..
You want it slow and painful, stay put.
You want it faster then take life by the horns and you will need to grow. That
means taking risks.
If you don’t…grow…through it, you go through what you don’t like, what you’re
frustrated with, again and again, and again.
Shy, nervous, awkward is cute and attractive when the girl is one’s girlfriend but if
she isn’t the guy’s girlfriend…it reveals she isn’t attracted to the guy, she is
showing dis-interest and she is unapproachable.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

Who would you choose - a person who you really like, but who
doesn't like you, or a person who likes you but you don't feel the
same way?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hmm. Let’s see.

Neither.
I’m not the guy who stays in house all day, who hasn’t a life, has no social skills,
knowledge about how to converse, and who hasn’t options.
The only person who thinks they got to choose from that mess, is someone who
hasn’t much options in their life.
I have a lot of options.
I create the choices I want to make and the opportunities I want in lfe. I expect no
hands down to me. I am willing to create my chances, choices and opportunities I
want in life and even the type of people I want to attract in my life.
So I won’t choose either of these folks on that list.
Life is too short to waste around with people who are not attracted and interested
in me….and people who are not interesting themselves.
I choose to GTO and live a big life and create the choices I want in my life. That’s
what I would do if I was this person, who is in this situation.
They’d take a hard look at their life and move their ass to live big.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

You have been kidnapped. You must explain to your captor that
God is real or your captor will kill you. How do you do it in 24
hours?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Kidnapper - Explain to me to believe God is real I will kill you
Me - Oh that is too damn easy mate, too easy
Kidnapper - It is?
Me - Yeah. You can ask him yourself
Kidnapper - ?
Me - He’s standing right behind you
Kidnapper - (turns round)
Me - (knock him out on back of neck. Take his gun)
Kidnapper - (wakes up and tied up with gun pointing at him)
Me - Now you can ﬁnd out for yourself. I really don’t want to know but since you
want to know so badly, well, here we go.
;)
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

When girls say "you are boring" what's your reply?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes, just sometimes, you need the asshole approach because sometimes,
far too many guys kissing girls ass to impress them. Then it goes way over their
head and they on a pedestal.
Keep your frame. Girls who do that know they have no value. By that I mean, she
is trying to act you’re lower than her when really, we are equal but if anyone really
that shit on, it’s time step up.
They are only trying to distort your frame to start convincing them you’re not
boring to supplicate to them.
So when a girl does that, use humour back or put her back in place to educate her
to get oﬀ her pedestal. You’re not going to supplicate her nor convince her about

who you are.
Girl - You’re boring
Me - It must be the company I keep. (look her up and down then walk)

Girl - You’re boring
Me - You’re not all that for me to waste my energy on dropping lines to impress
you.

Girl - You’re boring
Me - You think everything is a pick up line because you got some trust issues.
16.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you handle competition from other guys who want the
same girl as you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about the other guys and I won’t be putting her on a pedestal either. I
don’t care how many are chasing her.
It means nothing to me.
It will go like this..the moment I see a girl I am attracted to.
1. I approach and not wait and over think about it.
2. I have fun ﬂirting with her
3. I show intent
4. She doesn’t behave in a manner I like, and that means if she doesn’t say
FUCK YEAH….then bye, bye.
There we go.
Avoid putting her on a pedestal and focus on just doing the actions.
Just get on with it and ask her out and if she doesn’t show intent, doesn’t say YES
or acts aloof, leave her standing.
Move on.
Plenty of girls out there.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best lesson you've learned?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered May 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best, the worthwhile, the thing you so want..
Is on the other side of fear.
And that alone, encompasses so much in our lives which will either hold us back
or propel us forward. I don’t need to list anymore.
Fear is the dominant obstacle to people’s lives and it is rooted in many
psychological scripts a person has to ﬁgure out.
It really is true.

The best things in life is on the other side of fear.
You don’t need a degree to have courage.
You don’t need good looks to have courage.
You don’t need to be anyone else to have courage.
You don’t need to have fancy clothes to have courage.
You don’t need to be born rich, have a certain colour to have courage.
You don’t need any of what you think you need to approach someone
and ask them out. Courage is in you or it is not cultivated to be so. It’s
there but you need to nuture it with mindset, habit and actions.
We don’t need anything, anything really to go through to the other side of fear but
ourselves.
And if you haven’t yet ﬁgured it out, you probably worried about what others
think and believe your self-worth is the clothes on your back, some paper with
some qualiﬁcations on it, lack of this or none of that, and self referring yourself to
external objects such as approval, validation and acceptance.
You are probably blaming someone or something to create some self prophecy to
be right which is easy to do when you want to make your world predictable.
The best, the worthwhile, the thing you so want…
Is on the other side of fear.
There is a lot of room, a lot of space in that place because a lot of people do not
grow through it, and so they will go through whatever they fear, over and over and
over again.
The best, the worthwhile, the thing you so want…
Is on the other side of fear.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my dad have no social life or hobbies?
Adam Taha, Developing the mind with hobbies
Answered May 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know many who will work all day, come back home, makes dinner and then bed
with laptop,
To you it may seem they do nothing.
What does nothing mean to you is diﬀerent to someone else.
Nothing to him is sitting in parties and seeing it as useless.
Nothing to you is someone not going to parties and social events.
Nothing to someone else is someone observing someone and comparing
their life to someone else.
Your dad has his own personality and that’s his emotional language and nothing
wrong with what he is doing.
He enjoys his life. I hope he does. He also takes care of the important
responsibilities, like a roof over your head, food, paying bills and a lot of other
responsibilities that can make some people tired and just want to relax.
He enjoys peace and quite. He enjoys just being on his own. He enjoys coming
back, have something to eat and use his laptop.

You know who does that?
Many artists. Many coders who build systems for websites and softwares. Many
smart people who create inventions and who solve problems. Many dancers,
promotes and on goes the many people who want to just chill and re-energise.
I know many people like that and you know what?
I enjoy their company.
I can meet these folks and sit down and read and they won’t interrupt. When they
do talk, they got meaningful conversation to share. When they do something, it is
meaningful.
When they work, it’s passion and lazer sharp focus. It’s far more than for money
but passion and it pays the bills too.
Now if he complains he hasn’t a woman, or friends, then yes, he’s behaviour is
not really great to achieve that kind of goal in his life.
But it looks like he is content, happy doing his own thing.
It would drive you crazy because you are an individual with your own
personality language, which is great.
It be pretty boring if we are all the same in that way.
Everyone is diﬀerent.
They have their own emotional language, which is their ego state, personality
and so on.
If you put them in a party environment it’s too much for them. if you put some
people in a quiet environment they’d go crazy.
Some people, won’t feel comfortable doing work and staying focused. Yes, there is
personalities like that and so they are great for exciting jobs with lots of variations
in the job.
Others can focus and do one thing for most of their lufe.
Every personality is a language
Everyone is diﬀerent.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys want the "cool girl"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We don’t.
We don’t want the cool girl. We don’t want the good girl. We don’t want the bad
girl, the nice girl, the smart girl, the tall girl, short girl, this girl and that girl.
We want the girl that makes us….feel…alive.
The girl that shows she desires the guy and knows how to make him aroused, and
on ﬁre, and his heart pounding for her.
A girl that is patient enough if we are at the end of the world, she’d wait because
she knows we are the rare kind.
And if local, she’s the girl who will walk up and has the backbone to put her
middle ﬁnger at social norms, and goes for what she wants and shows that by
doing so, she doesn’t make her fears rule her.

The girl who makes the guy FEEL alive.
Because she proved, that the guy is far more important than her fears, her
insecurties, what others thinks of her and that if a day comes, when there is a
challenge, she won’t be this timid little girl, who cries, and bitches and complains
and fades away with 100 excuses on why it can’t happen.
It’s not that she’s a cool girl or uncool girl.
She’s the girl who doesn’t wait for life to hand her what she wants like all these
girls who behave like they are princesses.
Now magine if you had children and you knew this girl had this attitude,. What
attitude she can nurture in the children?
Conﬁdence is also a projection of a bigger picture most don’t see.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I hold on? I met him last year in a fast food outlet (he
works there). I know nothing about him. He smiles at me and
copies me. I have not seen him for 6 months.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s nothing to hold on to.
You’ve done nothing. You haven’t approached and talked to him. You haven’t
shown you are attracted to him. You haven’t asked him for his number. You
haven’t done anything except looking for signs and hints.
The death of attraction is that…looking for signals.
Attraction is the surprise. Attraction is where a man knows a woman desires him
and she takes intiative to do something diﬀerent to what most women do.
Attraction isn’t the familiar.
How many women do hints and signals?
Plenty and therefore, they are not attractive for a man to take action. You got to
meet man half way and walk up to me, converse, ﬂirt, smile, show you’re
attracted to him and even suggest something.
Attraction isn’t cowardice.
It is bravery. It is not passive-aggressive. It has nothing to do with being nice,
good, polite, and respectable. You know how easy that is? Plenty people wear
social mask behaving in that way.
But Attraction is the surprise, it is diﬀerent to the norm and it doesn’t hesitate, it
doesn’t wait, it doesn’t think all months and year long to act.
Attraction if it was a person, it is a warrior.
If you are attracted to someone, you approach and talk, and ﬂirt, and get it going.
He cannot read your mind.
So there’s nothing to hold on to.
It’s all in your mind until you take action towards showing your intent, showing
you’re attracted to him by conversing, ﬂirting with him.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why can’t guys handle girls who are more active than them in
bed?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Generalising aren’t you?
The girls who are having that kind of problem are with the wrong type of guys. It’s
that simple. Probably just saw the guy’s look and well, you know how that goes. It
ends up into a whole lot of mess.
That’s why you look for compatibility after you ﬁnd you’re attracted to the
person, than just looking for the “look.”
So I’d say it’s due to the girls not very good at selecting guys.
Be with a lovertype, and then we’ll see who can’t handle what, but be ready,
because with me, she’ll have a collar and leash, beause I like naughty women who
are very sexual and fun, and we can role play the hell out of it.
And if she’s a good little naughty girl, I might just strap her up, handcuﬀs and ﬂog
her a few times as well, and have her wear an ass plug, and if she behaves, and
does as I say, she will get pleasured in all the ways she has ever imagined.
If that’s too much to handle for most girls and “oooh thats sexiest,” then see the
door?
They can slam it shut the door behind them when they leave.
How do I know I can behave in this manner with these women?
Because I didn’t behave and pretend I am nice, naive, innocent, good guy who is
shy and respectable, and all that nonsense. I ensured we talked about sex, we
shared what we desire and we communicated by text, phone, messaging, before
we met and through it all, we knew we were sexually compatibility, discussing
also boundaries but also, what we desire from each other, and that is why when
we do meet and date, it’s an incredible sexual and romantic experience.
So it depends on who the guy is.
It also depends on the girl, if she behaves like she’s some princess and never
really got sexual compatibilty sorted.
Some guys can’t handle it, and some guys like me, don’t handle anything. You
either love sex and the role playing, being submissive in bed or you don’t.
Compatibility ﬁrst sorted and then all will be awesome experience.
So for girls having that problem, it’s best to learn how to select guys carefully and
forget generalising “guys.”
Even I know some women are not sexual and some don’t want sex, to many who
do, and many very high sexual, and some want dominant men in bed than some
nice guy who they feel uncomfortable being sexual and opening up sexually with
a some guy being all nice due to fear of being judged.
I mean, who on earth dates guys like that if she’s the opposite to such a guy?
Something was hidden. There wasn’t honest open communication and that’s
then is what a girl ends up with.
You don’t date someone to change them. You date someone who is compatible
with each other.
Notice I didn’t say slut, whore, and all that. I expect women to be sexy, slutty,
whorish with me in bed and in life with me. I am that with them. I don’t take such
things so serious. It’s fun, role play and exciting.
I am talking about compatibility.

I know some women can’t even handle a guy who is conﬁdent to talk about sex
never mind being more active in bed. Most women you see right now on here,
pimping their sexual image as good girls and downing sex like it’s some bad
thing. You see that out there, in society as well.
For some men like myself, love it.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What sort of things will a girl do to make a guy jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Flirt with other guys in front of him.
2. Laughing loudly about another man’s lame ass jokes. Believe, I mean
lame as shit on purpose and she knows you know they are so lame.
3. Talking about ex “oooh I still have feelings for him,” Or talking about
good times they had with ex.
4. Talking about who they had sex with
5. Talking about some guy, on and on.
6. Talking about crushes.
7. Texting and then saying, it wasn’t for you
8. Texting images that reveals someone else is on there. I don’t mean
photos online but their own photos with someone in it.
9. Texting guys in front of the guy.
10. Using vacation trips “going with a friend of mine, a guy..”
11. Going to party then posting photos of her kissing guys online, or hugging
guys, or having fun with guys…and all that.
You know, the usual shit insecure women do.
110 Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible to be very photogenic, but ugly in real life? I’ve
been told I look attractive in selﬁes, but I’m never told that in
real life.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated May 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s a lot of work that goes into the “look.” One of my lovers is a model and she
opened my eyes to the work that goes into it.
Though she’s already attractive without make up in look but I have seen others
who are not as attractive and later on, after the work, they look stunning.
Below are things you can do…
1. Hair.
2. Makeup.
3. The right clothes for sexual appeal
4. The lighting
5. The camera quality
6. The angle of the shots
That takes a team of specialists.

If you get the lighting right and experiment on diﬀerent angles for videos and
photos, you’ll see the huge diﬀerence just using these techniques. You’ll ﬁnd
plenty of youtube videos that show these steps.
Here’s some example..which comes from Amercia’s Next Top Models season to
see the Before and After..

Here’s some more and also take into consideration the photoshoping. Also when
it’s video, there’s colour manipulation for tone of skin and more manipulation on
lighting and contrast…

71.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you show a girl with no communication that you're
attracted to her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean non verbal, then that can only happen in loud noise places because
the social dynamics is going to be diﬀerent.
Don’t do this if it’s not a night club or a music festival where there’s a loud of
noise. It’s a diﬀerent social dynamics.
So you’re in a night club. This is about escalating using body language. It is
subcommunication not verbal.
1. Do not use words. Use body language. Eye contact. Be conﬁdent
2. Approach and dance near her. 2 mins dancing
3. Mimic her moves. 5 mins
4. Slowly get close
5. Back oﬀ when you got closer. Be playful. Patient
6. She’s still there, do again a few times.
7. Use physical contact lightly on waiste. All ok? Next..
8. Bring her close to you
9. Push her back playful
10. Repeat the process and as you get to step 8, bring her closer
11. Dance close
12. No kissing. Not yet
13. Push her back.
14. Dance again in front of her, be playful, fun, smile
15. Sync together with moves and she’ll follow
16. Move closer and now use more physical, her hands, lock ﬁngers
17. Bring her closer. Escalate
18. Take her hand and out of dance ﬂoor to isolate and talk outside.
19. Get her number.
20. Start texting her there, be fun and playful
21. You can later next day lead to meet face to face or even on phone ﬁrst
and then lead to meet

That’s how I met one of my lovers.
This is not to be used for college, university because a guy is gutless to approach a
girl. This is for night clubs and loud noisy places.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if another girl is after the same guy as you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He must be attracted to you or nothing is going to work
2. You must know how to build attraction that is already there
3. You must know how to capture his emotions and lead his imagination to
such height he is lustful over you
4. You then lead it to dating you.
These are not going to happen if he is not atracted to you in the ﬁrst place and if
you have no clue on building attraction, which is the case with most women, then
nothing is going to work.
If all you know is playing hard to get which kills attraction for many conﬁdent
guys who will ignore such women, and you only do those hints which bores us
and can’t be assed with and doesn’t arouse, then again, it’s not going to happen. It
only slows it down and reduces attraction if it’s there to..zero.
The only way now, is step it up and approach to know if he’s attracted to you. You
have to sort that out ﬁrst,
No more hints. No more playing hard to get. No more hiding.
Hopefully you know how to build on the attraction that is there which is
specialised knowledge and skill in itself.
If you don’t. well, it is easy for her to step in and sorted, if….he is attracted to her
and if she knows how to build on attraction that already exists.
Start with approaching him, and ﬁnding out he is attracted to you. Flirt, use eye
contact, physical touch and lead it fast to date.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl out, she said no and that she was surprised, now
she's asking what I liked about her/what I saw in her, does she
like me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, she is not behaving like she into someone. She’s behaving in this manner for
validation, and any guy who is not needy, will not give this girl attention. When a
girl rejected you and then comes back asking why, what blah blah, give her
nothing.
Move on.
Reason you’re asking “does she like me,” is because you have no options. You still
hoping she’s into you.
If a guy has options and self respect, you think he will even entertain a second in
answering her questions?
She does nothing to you. You let her do that.
Next time she brings it up, let her know..calmly…

“I’ve moved on and so…should…you.”
Don’t be passive with girls.
She said no, move on and stop spending time with her.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

What would guys think and feel if their friend (a girl) who they
have known for 4 yrs hugged them unexpectedly? She's never
done that before.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing. That’s what I will think and just because you put (a girl) and
(unexpectedly) doesn’t make it any diﬀerent.
I won’t see it as anything but she’s happy and that is it.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does your spouse mean when they say I love you but I'm
not in love with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction. Most men and women think attraction is something you switch on
and it’s going to be there always. It’s not true.
But the thing is, attraction has this huge appetite and if you are not armed with
specialised knowledge and skill, it is very likely, attraction will die.
Attraction is about thirst but if you feed attraction with too much and of the same
thing, then it gets used to it.
Attraction gets bored.
That is why it must go past attraction, past comfort, past even seduction, to such
a level, that it is like a rollercoaster. In which you have the knowledge and
specialised skill, no matter what fucker tells you about love and how it’s enough,
to ensure it is not linear.
You can even be just on attraction phase and keep it going for years if you’re
knowledgable and skillful. Like for long distance relationship, where you won’t
meet for 6 months or year or 2 year.
If you got the knowledge, skill and the conﬁdence, it can be done. I have done it
and it has worked ﬁne but you do need to be armed with specialised knowledge,
skill and you got to be conﬁdent. There is no doubt about it, that
conﬁdence..specialised knowledge and skills is a must.
Many people just unprepared when it comes to dating and relationships. They
just low par in that area. They got a degree, jobs and all that but this, they haven’t
got much to go on.
It can’t be linear.
Deﬁnition of Linear..
Arranged in or extending along a straight or nearly straight line.
Attraction isn’t linear.
Men and women, when they ﬁnd someone and date, and now make it oﬃcial
after sometime, they make one big mistake…

They do not keep watering with diverse variations, excitement, sexual tension,
and other components in which it is always going up and down, up and down, up
and down, up and down….not..boring. Not linear.
There is also the behaviour that reduces attraction:
Possessiveness
Jealousy
Bitterness
Bossy
Freaking out
Controlling
Snappy
And saying to your lover that you have all they ever need and try to manipulate
them to not have their own social life, being insecure, and doing the above I
mentioned.
What builds attraction is:
Being conﬁdent
Being playful
Having boundaries
Being unpredictable i.e. suprising than always predictable with sex and
general things with each other in life
Being like a stranger i.e. not up one’s ass but got a life, purpose
Being like you’re new i.e. giving your lover space to miss you by focusing
on having a vibrant life that takes you out in the world
Being sensual
Being smart and creative to build the relationship
Who doesn’t take things too seriously to snap
Who doesn’t create drama. It’s exhuasting
Love will not save the day.
Love never said it will.
You have seen in the movies the guy gets the girl, and the girl gets the guy and the
movie ends but in reality attraction is consistent, it doesn’t stop.
It’s constant.
So the spouse is saying, he or she is bored.
They don’t feel thirsty anymore. It’s become stagnant.
They don’t feel that hunger anymore.
This feeling has been going on for a while and you probably didn’t see it and only
realised when you heard..
“I love you but not in love with you.”
It’s complete bollocks.
The person won’t say…
“I am not attracted to you in a sexual and romantic way, anymore.”

Attraction is dead. Gone. Zero and so then has sexual tension.
They won’t say it this way because they want to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
When you hear that, it is in a sense far too late to try to do anything.
You didn’t see it to be able to ignite the attraction that is there. It died a while
back and this person was hiding their feelings, was not open, didn’t say way back
then that something needs to happen.
Most people don’t talk and say what they want to happen.
Most people wait and wait, thinking it will change because love is enough when
really, they need to communicate when they feel they need to grow, make
changes, adapt, build on the attraction….together.
So the spouse is…bored.
Same routine. Sameness and nothing really changed.
They felt something missing but they didn’t communicate or they did but the
person changed a little to work together but reverted back to old habits.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are guy's perception about girls on Tinder?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, let’s look at perception and not just for Tinder..

And it goes way back..

Now guys..
Axe advertising and targeted at men..

Guys perception is the same as girls. Both genders have been socially conditioned
and programmed.
Girl’s swipe because of appearances the way guys do.
So girls and guys make assumptions on the appearances. It’s not a gender issue
no matter how society like to say it’s just men who do it.
Women do it as well.
It’s just most are good at lying about it to pimp their sexual image as “good girls”
and “not like the other girls.”
Years of social conditioning from the day a girl and a boy is born. Automatically,
immediately get hammered about the appearances.
You’ll be lucky to even do most things with reality based without the unconscious
mind and all it’s shit it’s been pounded inﬂuencing decisions.
What else does anyone use Tinder for, swipe..swipe…swipe ;)
Appearances.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys actually ﬁnd thigh gaps attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered May 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s like saying..
“Do guys like short girls?”
“Do guys like tall girls.”
If a guy didn’t like this or that, what is a girl going to do?
Change for every type of guy?
What if girl ﬁnds one guy doesn’t like makeup and another does, and another
likes a little make up, and another likes those glitter stuﬀ, and another likes non
glitter.
Then what?
The girl is not going to take action at all is..what’s…going to happen.
Forget all that.
Ask “what you want in a guy.”
Now you got freedom!
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is a guy spending so much time on me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because he’s interested in you. He’s attracted to you. What he does with his life,
exams is not for you to think about. That’s his life.
If you’re interested in him then say so but don’t start questioning why this and
why that. It’s got nothing to do with logic.
If you talk about exams and how you got exams, then if he has sense, he probably
leave you alone, which is what I do. No point texting or communicating with
someone who doesn’t give same value and time to communicate, and knowing
it’s due to exams and all that.
But I don’t think people study every hour of the day, do they. It doesn’t take much
to text for 5 mins, share some thoughts, aﬀection and all that.
The guy is into you and so, you now decide, to either go further with it or not.
Either way, I don’t know why you’re looking at it in some judgmental way.
What he does with exams and life is his business.
He probably smart and knows how to do things productively than leaving things
for the last minute and cramming lots of work in.
Or maybe he’s procrastinating.
Maybe a lot of other reasons.
Who knows.
No point over thnking and wondering why about this and that. Only question is,
are you attracted to him?
You want to get to know him more?
Then you get what you invest with your time.
If a guy feels he’s nothing but for killing time, well, he’s going to think you don’t
really want too even if it’s not intentional.

You do that by telling a guy you was so busy to contact him. Trust me, that can
send one message to a guy to not bother.
Girls famous words “so busy, busy with..”
We are all busy but some of us are smart in being productive.
Behaviour, how we act, consistency is a big deal with attraction.
If I ﬁnd a girl who tells me for a week she didn’t have time to even text, call, and
so busy, then it means she has other priorities and I’m just someone who when
she is killing time, she’ll contact me.
You can’t blame me for thinking that way.
I’m an older man, I have lots of responsibilities, and yet I do have time to
communicate with lovers. I am organised.
Since I know or ﬁnd women so busy and I hear them say so, I will distance myself
as I don’t want to harm their studying, or whatever they so busy about.
That’s not playing hard to get.
That’s me who invest time, eﬀort and I don’t get back same value or more.
One minute girls want guy’s attention and when they get it, they question it. It’s
life. Who knows why people do what they do in their life.
Flow with it if you’re attracted to him and if not, say so and walk away.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

How close to a black hole do I need to be to actually see it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how you can see the branches of trees being pushed about by the wind?
Also the newspaper on the street blown here and there?
Same with the black hole.
You can’t see the black hole but you can see some events going on near black
hole, such as gas.
The way for example, when being with a woman whose heart is pounding and her
body is tingling, and you don’t see all that but you do see her blush, you do see
her body language. You do see the ﬂush of her white smooth skin going red and
her breasts swell and her nipples harden, but you don’t see inside her shell of
body of what’s going on.
Not directly. Nothing, not even light can escape from a black hole.
If you had an expensive quality telescope you’d see glowing disc of material
probably going around a large black circle in centre of that glow, just like the
image below…

1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can one improve social, dating, and ﬂirting skills?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Since you’re asking the question on improving I’ll give time to answer but with an
understanding that I am not here to talk about the ‘how to.’

There is good news and bad news.
The good news is you are right.
Practice doesn’t make perfect.
There is a certatain way, a structure, a process.
What’s the bad news?
It is going to take specialised knowledge and skills, which is not that bad when
you think of the return of investment you get after a short period of time of 1–2
years. That beneﬁt is for the rest of your life.
The problem with many when it comes to dating is they want some quick ﬁx,
what it now, fast and they go out there without really understanding much.
Many are readers and readers don’t make much success when all they do is read
or apply, without really knowing what they’ve read.
95% can be taught but 5% is caught.
Without the 5% which comes from years of experience, and true understanding of
fundamentals and applying for years, reading on websites, blogs, books, videos,
everything becomes useless.
It’s like an artist, a singer, a writer, a musician, someone who wants to improve in
a skill, practises for hours on end, every day, every week, for months and
sometimes 2 years and sees no improvement that gets them results.
You need to know how to practice and to know that, you need to know why, what,
how, or you will never improve.
There is one thing common about..
Social
Dating
Flirting
These are languages.
Each one has it’s own language.
If you travelled to another country, where you didn’t [repare to learn and know
the language…how frustrating will it be?
You’ll focus on what to say than engaging and connecting with the people.
So here you are in a foriegn country. You don’t know the language and you show
them some map but they are like..
“WTF! He comes to our contry and can’t speak shit?”
But they smile at you, hahaha, smile, like everything is cool and all you want to
know is where is the damn hotel.
2 hours gone by and you are completedly wasted.
Tired, exhuasted and wish you can just sleep.
You see a taxi, ﬂag it and show map and name of hotel. The taxi driver nods and
drives you for 20 minutes and you arrive at hotel. You pay and sorted.
As the Taxi drives away, you get inside hotel, and bang your stuﬀ in room, think
of walking for a bit as you don’t feel tired anymore.
But as you walk out and keep walking for 5–10 mins, you realise something.

The taxi driver scammed you.
The hotel was only 5 mins away from where you was ﬂagging the taxi and the
driver took you on some wild trip.
All this hassle, all the frustations and money wasted.
Why?
You didn’t know the language.
When you don’t know the language, it is like a commander is sending you to war,
with bow and arrow, while you are facing tanks, ﬁghter planes, bullets and
grenades.
You’re going to get hurt real bad and you’ll be lucky in dating to come out of it not
damage to fuck, and have some bitterness against women, men and bitch all day
about bad boys, assholes, narcssists, psychos, on and on it goes.
You ﬁnd yourself with a lot psychological damage when you want to limit that.
Damage that can have a huge negative eﬀect to your life in the future.
You harm yourself going out there without knowing what you need to know ﬁrst
and guys read tons of blogs, websites, videos and still get no results.
All you know is the… doing.
All you know is approaching.
All you know is some lines you say and all the jazz you hear people say you need
to be and do.
All you hear is approach blah blah, practice blah blah, be yourself blah blah and
deep inside, you know something is missing.
It is all guessing.
You know there has got to be a process.
There has to be some structure.
Everything has process and structure.
Everything needs specialised knowledge and skill. Everything needs to be
measured and adapted and improved.
You don’t communicate and behave in a language for night clubs in the same for
small home parties. You don’t behave for home parties the same way for a
diﬀerent social environment.
You don’t behave and communicate in a language to same women because if you
want a woman who is A then you need to know the language to speak to A and if
the woman is B then you need to behave and communicate in the language of B.
So ﬁrst start with asking….what do you want in a woman not what do women
want and what women look for in men.
I never ask that.
It’s irrelevant.
Why is it irrelevant?
There are billions of women on this planet and so I focus on what I want in a
woman and behave as such as it’s honest to my desire, needs, wants and I don’t
give a damn what other women or men think.

Also try changing for diﬀerent women and see how crazy your life gets. You’ll be
lost and you will never improve. It is also needy and supplicating. It is also
putting people on pedestals.
I’ve never had any problem attracting womenwho I want to attract because I
behave comgruent to who I am and to what I want, with of course specialised
knowledge and skill.
This also means, you need to aknow the social dynamics for diﬀerent
environments.
That means being aware of the sociology
Social Psychology
And other disciplines.
The fundamentals for each environment and discpline have their own individual
process which are inﬂuenced by each other.
There has got to be a way of A...B…C…D.
If this was a business and you don’t know how to measure results then you lose
money, sales, opportunities for growth. If you don’t improve then the business
stagnates. It can go into bankcruptsy.
Even with getting results in what you are passion about, you lose motivation if
you don’t get results. You feel stuck.
This is why results matter.
So you wonder always about where is the A..B…C…D steps.
A..B..C..D.. is like everything in life.
There are parts, segments, components, a process.
And in each of these parts, segments and components has a certain way.
In this certain way, it is predictable, it works.
And when it doesn’t work…you know why it doesn’t work.
When you get results, you know why you get these results.
You know how to measure and get to where you want to go faster or know how to
slow the speed down, or know how to be more productive and eﬀecient. You
know how to do things with minimal resources.
You know how to do it with whatever you got.
You know…where to put your valuable resources to and what to avoid wasting
your resources on.
You cannot improve if you do not know the language
Since you do not know the language, you don’t know the process
Since you don’t know the process…it begs a question.
What are you really practising?
It is after all a skill in itself.
You practice to improve.
So the question is, do you have the fundamentals?
Do you know the language for social, for dating, for ﬂirting or are you using the
same language for everything, and every environment you are in?

Everything is a language and using the right language means it has it’s own
fundamentals, own process and it’s own specialised knowledge and skills.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sebastián Martínez

How do I know whether he loves me seriously or is using me for
sex?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered May 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love is not enough.
Compatibility is needed.
It needs two people who are attracted to each other, to come to an understanding,
an attitude that they want what each other wants, and so they work towards that
process for both their happiness.
That what we call compatibility needed to be sorted out in the begining. If
someting changes it needed to be talked about and expect the person to walk
away because compatibility is important in relationships.
It is like one of the life blood which creates harmony in relationships. Without it,
it causes a lot of frustrations and far more heartaches and struggle.
So what do you do now?
You sit with your boyfriend calmly and without accusation and communicate.
“I love you, I am attracted to you but I’m not ready for sex. I like to wait longer and I
don’t know when. I’m being honest and open with you in that I’m not ready for sex
and I don’t know when. Tell me how you feel? I really want to know how you feel
because I care about you.”
That’s being loving and you’re not going of “it’s my body.” That is not needed.
Instead talk maturely and be calm.
Be open about your feelings but also your feelings towards him. Explain, share
your values, be open with your boyfriend. Sometimes, it is that one doesn’t even
explain and share, and so a man can feel like it’s him, that you’re not attracted to
him when really it is your values, so let him know that is the case in a calm and
mature fashion.
He might say..
“Ok, I understand. I appreciate for letting me know. I just didn’t know why or
something was wrong, or I did something wrong. I don’t know but now I know.
Thanks for letting me know.”
Or he might say..
“Ok, I understand but it’s not what I want. I’m moving on.”
It’s your body but it is also his body too, his psychological mind, his biology, his
self esteem, his conﬁdence, his desire, his needs, his emotions and most of all, it
is his youth and time.
If he walks, it doesn’t mean bad on him or you. It doesn’t mean he doesn’t care. It
means you and he are not compatible.
Love is not enough.
This is why before I even date a women, and after I know I am physically
attracted to her and they to me….compatibility is sorted out from day one.

In the begining I must have attraction. I must be attracted to her and she must
show she is so with me. If we don’t have mutual attraction then…

But if attraction is there from my side and also from the woman side, then of
course, we move forward to the next phase,.
Yes, there is a process and not knowing them is where all the problem starts.
When attraction is there then…

Attraction isn’t enough.
The way love will never be enough.
I communicate and ﬁnd out if we are compatible.
Sure, I am physically attracted to her and sure, I like her personality but I cannot
be blinded by my emotions.
I do that by looking for compatibility.
I am not afraid of judgement and insecure people who like to dance on eggshells
on this. I am not going to fall for the bullshit on taboo regarding sex.
I aim to speak sexual, ask sexual questions and ﬁnd out about this. I am a high
sexual and so this is one of criteria and I will not compromise it. It’s not just sex,
but also other things I will ﬁnd out which are important to me.
If a woman reveals to me something in which tells me we are not compatble
whether it is sex, whether it is some values, whether it is the way we see the
world, whatever it is, it can be anything…then..

I don’t give a damn, if she is blonde with blue eyes, red hair with green eyes, sexy
black with curly ﬂowing hair, and tight body.
I don’t care if she makes me laugh. I don’t care if she can write such amazing
books or articles, or answers with wit and fun.
I don’t care if she has amazing ass, tits, and cute or gorgeous face because if
compatibility isnt thee, we are done.
If I ﬁnd there isn’t compatibility or I ﬁnd the woman is behaving in a manner I
just don’t like, then I don’t go oﬀ accusing, or judging, or any of that. Instead we
communicate maturely and openly, and I say..
“Look, it seems to me, we don’t see eye to eye on certain things in life such as this,
and this. I can’t move forward knowing that but it’s great meeting you but I’m
moving on.”
I don’t spend a week, two weeks, a month wondering about things, I ensure
compatibility is a must. I don’t try and convince the person.
If compatiblity is there I move forward to next phase and if not, we are over. No
use moving any further. Then we talk about the boundaries and on it goes as we
continue to move forward.
So all you got to do is sit down with him and take responsibility of your sexuality,
your relationship and your life.
Communicate with him calmly and without judgment and if he decides to walk,
he has the right to do so and nothing bad on him.

If you decide to walk, you have the right to do so and nothing bad on you.
Communicate your feelings and be ready, for him to walk and if he does, then he
has the right to do so, the way you do too.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would be a witty answer to "How much can you love
someone?"
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - How much can a man love someone?
Me - How big is that someone’s heart?
Woman - I…erm…well…erm
Me - That small. Not big enough for me. I like big hearts. Real big. (walks)
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are some smart ways to deal with people who brag about
their looks?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy - I got killer awesome looks.
Me - Great you think positive about yourself. Now go out there and have fun
——————Girl - I think I am gorgeous
Me - I like how you think big and positive about yourself. Good. Go out there girl
and have fun

Girl - I think she is so ugly.
Me - No girl, the way you’re behaving now is ugly. dissappointed to see you saying
that. You’re better than that. There’s enough pain in this world for you to go oﬀ
like that. Build her up not bring her down.

Guy - He’s so ugly
Me - No man. Don’t do that. The way you are behaving now is ugly. I’m
dissappointed to see you saying that. You’re better than this. There is enough
pain in this world to go oﬀ like that. Build the guy up…not bring him down.

,
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Some people say this girl likes me, some say she does not. How
do I know the truth?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Certainty.
There is not a lot of things in life is certain, except death and taxes. Everything
else, hasn’t got much certainty no matter what you hear from women’s and men’s
mouth,
And only way of knowing, is when you grow old to look and see who is with you
now. You will ﬁnd much of what you thought would be, are not.

Even your own relatives, your friends may not be certain of your abilities and will
drag you down.
But there is one thing I found that is certain.
I know it so, 100%.
It is behaviour.
You always have that choice to take action now.
The act to show intent immediately and separate yourself from so many weak
men and women, who behave like cowards, or people of such low self esteem, and
who put someone on a pedestal before them.
Early on, as a teen and through when I grew as a man, I have always showed
intent. I didn’t give a fuck if a woman said no.
I wanted an answer, clear YES or NO.
I don’t want to know what women thinks about other men, or what other men do,
or how other men behave, or what challenges one has, or who who woman has
fucked, or what someone says and any ambigious words or signs.
Nor about how men just want sex, in which she can then go and fuck oﬀ out of my
face and take her psycholoical baggage with her.
It is a YES or NO.
I have found this to help in avoidwasting time, investing lots on any woman and
really, even in life in general with whatever you want to achieve. Same goes for
women, so they don’t waste time as well with men who got psychological
baggage, and do things to waste time, for their own ego and get attention.
I have no trust in people who cannot say what they want.
I have no time for people and their psychological crap either.
Yes or No.
That is it.
I wasn’t able to choose when I was born, to which family, rich or poor, or the type
of body, or looks, and colour.
But I do have a choice in showing intent, in approaching women I desire and say
to them I am attracted to them, in an appealing and attractive manner, and even
have boundaries, and even say what I want and what I don’t want.
Whether one says yes or no, is not within my power.
Whether a woman is insecure and thinks it’s aggressive, it’s her problem. She can
date some guy who waits and waits, until right time and all that. Fine by me.
Why would I even want a woman to be in my life who isn’t interested anyway and
doesn’t want to, and doesn’t show it and who has some thing about men, or who
is passive, or thinks being conﬁdent is aggressive.
That’s the best part of it all.
To go and approach and know, who desires to and who doesn’t, and life with it’s
amazing ﬁlter system, will do the rest, if you let it work for you.
If you do not try to ﬁx, change the person and just know what you want, what you
don’t want and then they got to say YES or NO.
Anything ambigious, is not good enough and so you move on.

Choice.
Life has given you free will.
That is the only thing certain in life.
You have no choice in making things perfect. There is no such thing as right
moment, right time, right this, and until this and that.
Waiting and thnking on what others say is just you rationalising of your own fear
of rejection. You want it all to be perfect.
You want to control and be dependant on the outcome.
You and anyone else have no control over that.
That is uncertain and people do not like uncertainty. They so love the comfort
zone, they so love to be in some safe place and got to make sure everything is
right before they even start.
Sadly, so many don’t excercise this gift.
To take action, approach, show intent.
In other words..
Approach and forget what other people say.
You’re only rationalising your own fears of rejection and putting women on
pedestals like they are princesses.
Just approach and get on with it.
You’re going to get tons of rejection and you got a lot to learn, and I mean a lot to
even waste time over thinking.
Lots of women to approach and rejection to grow, learn and ﬁgure it out.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What makes expensive clothes look so expensive and cool?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A lot of knowledge and craftmanship.
I know, when I see a woman with a dress and it looks expensive, that she has
invested not just on an expensive dress.
She as invested on a lot of knowledge, experience, skill, and even private
consultation to have her dress made in that way.
1. Research on material and a whole lot more
2. Development process
3. The starting from taking all the bones out
4. To the stitcing to get to that place
5. It takes what seems forever
6. It took probably 8 years or more to one day make dresses like that. I am
talking about learning, sketches, learning the basics to the advance level
to one day make one dress like that
7. It takes a lot of time
8. It takes money
9. It takes team work for one dress

10. It also takes paying taxes if it’s oﬀshore work, in distribution
11. Doing the creating is like making some vaccine that solves a major
problem
12. Then you got to duplicate that line of dress and keep costs down as
possible.
Some think “oh they can create this dress for nine dollars a piece.”
It’s not like some pills or liquid medicine. You can’t do that with expensive
dresses.
You also got to add the cost of materials, design, manufacturing and ﬁlling the
market needs. There is the retail, the cost of the real estate and sales staﬀ.
There is the marketing, the glossy cool amazing photographs and then the
desiging and printing of these materials which cost a lot more than most think to
produce.
People complain for example, and I am not saying the question is a complaint,
but just stating something…is some people walk into a place to get coﬀee and
wonder why coﬀee is this much or that much, when they can go home and boil
kettle, slam water into a mug of coﬀee seeds and mix, done.
Because there are overheads in that cafe shop, they are serving, they got staﬀ,
they got real estate and many more overheads.
When you think a dress is just a dress, then you won’t appreciate the work that
goes into that dress. You don’t see the hidden knowledge, the experience, the
skill, the work in that dress.
But also, let’ say you don’t like buying from such shops because they don’t spend
on charitable stuﬀ. How about thinking they give jobs to people in that place,
which have families, which have daughters and son’s like you, and which changes
their life, pays bills, debts, mortgages, study fees etc.

There is another answer, even when knowing all of the above, on why the brands can
sell their dresses at an expensive rate.
Because…they….can.
There is a need for it. They know they can and so they do.
People who do have the money, as the understanding goes, love expressing
themselves using their wealth by spending as much as they can on high item
goods, because they want what other people cannot aﬀord and get.
So, we have to consider the psychological factor as well.
That it is also the price tag than the product itself alone.
It is the unconscious playing a part in which the women who buy these expensive
dresses feel special, feel unique, feel they have something most people will never
be able to have.
For other people to talk. Their friends talk. Their friends, friends talk. Their
relatives talk and so, as we can see the design engineering triggers working well
with people with things like social media.
Exclusivity has a higher price tag for that reason.
To get what others can’t or that which is a challenge is far more appealing than
that which is easy to get.

The fact that the majority of the world, your friend, your next door neighour
cannot walk into the party or wedding, or whatever, with that same dress or
knockoﬀ, is very appealing and has aﬀect on the purchaser who feels a sense of…
power.
That is why the high end copies of shoes, bags, watches, and even dresses are
available up and down some street market to buy these knockoﬀs.
However, most women still choose to purchase from the original, the place where
it all is coming from, that is not a knock oﬀ, not a copy, and go to the authentic
Gucci, Burberry, Prada or all the other so called high end expensive brands are,
They FEEL that power more, because they know it is for real not a copy that most
can buy from the street marks.
Yes it has marketing in the process but it is a Psychological trigger in human
beings, a condition, in which those who do have the money, not all but those who
do, will buy the expensive because they know someone else in this world won’t be
able to aﬀord it.
Power.
Unique.
Special.
Exclusive.
There is a lot of money to be made when designers can create just one ﬂow of
dresses or items and when they sell out, they don’t make anymore.
So people will ﬂock to these items to buy them quick with knowledge that only
they will have these products. They are prepared to pay big bucks too.
So yes, there is the craftmanship but let’s also take into consideration that that
there is the Psycological condition that plays a role in this when people buy
expensive dresses and other items.
The more expensive, the more exclusive, the more powerful the consumer who
buys such expensive items feels.
Personally, I admire and love a woman who just buys from a charity shop and not
expensive stuﬀ. Can turn that into some style of her own.
It tells me a lot about her and I admire a woman who does that.
I’m not saying I don’t with women who spend as well but it really is attractive
when I know a woman gives more to those who haven’t got much and spends less
on herself with expensive clothes.
When I heard one of my lovers say to me..
“I don’t know if I said this to you but I’m not into buying expensive trendy clothes,
and more modest in that of not wearing them, and I was wondering if I said this to
you, cause I don’t want you to think I wear ﬂashy things and..”
Attraction for me with her, shot right up the roof, penetrating the sky, and by the
stars, many planets through many universes and dimensions and right back
down to hit me deep inside of me because of what she said.
I don’t think she knew, how I see this as one of the biggest attractive thing in a
woman. Her humility.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

A girl that claims she likes me says her father supposedly bans
her from dating. Should I believe her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter about believing her or not believing her.
When someone says anything to reveal they can’t, or won’t, and all rest, then you
need to have the self respect for yourself, to say..
“Not good enough for me. Have a nice day, bye.”
In a polite manner,
Be that guy who has standards rather than trying to put a square into a peg hole.
Respect girls in a sense that if they are ambigious, or if they say no, or say
something that doesn’t say clearly..YES…you move on fast.
Learn to move on fast.
This helps you a great deal in the future because you haven’t the energy, the time,
to spend on what is going in someone else’s mind.
You make it easier on yourself to not bother with hints, or lack of action, or the
“can’t” and all things girls might say which isn’t a FUCK YES to you.
You move on.
You need to listen carefully. It is a skill.
It will save you a lot of time, heartache because no matter how much women or
men hide themselves behind their social mask, their unconscious mind cannot
help but to reveal who they are and so when a girl says..
“I am so awkward and just not good with communication.”
Listen carefully.
Do you want that in your life, where it is diﬃcult to communicte with a girl who
doesn’t communicate with you. She’s telling you what’s going to happen in the
future. She’s framing it and so when it does happen, she will say..
“But I said to you, I am so awkward and not good with communication.”
I have had women like that and always they reveal that behaviour later on,
whether in weeks, month or further ahead.
She has said to you what is going to happen.
Do you want that in your life?
Of course not. So forget about why she says it, and move on.
You’re young and girls at that age and even 18, have a lot of shit going on in their
life and really, their life is not even their own.
They haven’t got a life yet, as all is in the eye of parents, and get grounded, and
this, and that, and drama after drama, to such you don’t hear from them for
weeks, and months and on it goes.
You want that?
No?
Then just relax, build you social circle, get good at talking to girls, invest time in
yourself and learn to be someone who can move on faster, than trying to put a
square into a peg hole.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I found out that the guy I've been talking to every day lives with
his girlfriend and her daughter. Should I confront him or just
stop talking to him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You haven’t given any context like, if he said he is atracted to you and you said
same, and you’re like talking to meet as lovers and all that.
Because a guy can talk to a girl, the way most girls talk to guys and use them for
emotional support and…don’t date them.
So context.
Have you said to him you’re attracted to him in the beginning for that context to
be there or have you hid your intent the way so many girls do?
So if there isn’t that in the equation, what are you confronting him with?
Has he been intimate “romantically” verbally saying he’s attracted to you? Is the
way he is talking to you, sexual and romatic?
Or is it just talking usual small talking and comfort type of talk?
If he has, then don’t confront him but ask him..
“Have you a girlfriend?”
“Are you still in relationship with the mother of the girl, like dating?”
Yes, it’s a bit oﬀ a guy doesn’t say he has a girlfriend but I don’t know what you
two have been talking about and iitimate can mean diﬀerent things, and not
really romantic.
He probably using you for emotional support but whatever the case, don’t go oﬀ
blazing guns. Just ask him about that part of his life.
“Have you a girlfriend?”
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl likes you but won't date you because she says she
doesn't like the dating label. Is that her way of rejecting me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh that one.
I know this girl who said the same thing to a guy but the few days later, she was
dating some guy she met on some dating site. That guy is one of my friend’s.
Moment she met him when alone, she was riding his dick.
She even asked him to want to meet again and again and they did.
Yes, she’s rejecting you. It’s a rejection.
She says it to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
It’s her way to being nice but also she’s worried she would lose her emotional
tampon, her emotioal support, the attention you give her, all that support kind of
thing, like…a….brother.
Take it as a rejection.
And move on.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you care what other people think of you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated May 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah, I see. Is it the “don’t give a fuck” thing?
Yes, I don’t give a fuck what anyone thinks and when you understand what it
means for real, you’ll then appreciate it more.
It needs to be understood in regards to it’s context.
It means this…
If you care so much about what others think in regards what you’re doing with
your life, with social pressure, with approval and acceptance of others, in living
your life then you’re not serious enough about your goals in life.
You’ll get distracted easily and lose focus.
But if you…“don’t give a fuck what people think of you” then it’s because you’re
too busy making things happen in your life to even wonder what society or
anyone thinks of you.
You don’t have time to debate and convince people. You are focused on blazing
your own path.
You take your goals and growth seriously.
That’s what “don’t give a fuck,” means.
It doesn’t mean, don’t care about people. It doesn’t mean don’t give a damn about
the etiquette of someone else’s home. It doesn’t mean about not respecting
someone’s money or time, or their heart when working or in in relationship with
people.
It doesn’t mean you don’t care about your lovers.
It doesn’t mean using people.
It means if you’re too busy worrying what everyone thinks on how you look, if
you’re going to fail, how it looks to others, what you’re saying when approaching
women or anyone, or what dreams you’re going for, or if you will be acceppted in
society….then you don’t take your life seriously enough.
You got your eyes oﬀ the ball, which are your goals in life. It’s about your growth
and learning, and keep growing to be a better human being and better at
whatever you are striving to achieve in life.
Most people for example say..
“I tried you know. I tried with women. I tried with men. I tried training at the gym. I
tried to stick to the plan but..”
They are not serious enough about their life.
When you’re serious about something, you don’t try. You ﬁght tooth and nail to
get the job done. If you fail, ﬁnd a way. Find the solution. Learn, ﬁgure it out or
ﬁnd someone who knows to get the answer to ﬁx whatever.
Or ﬁnd a diﬀerent path. Figure it out for real and to do so, you haven’t time
wondering about what so many worry about.
When someone takes their life seriously, they won’t give a fuck about social
pressure, about what others might think if they fail, or if a woman or guy rejects
them because they take their life seriously to keep moving forward.
That’s what “don’t give a fuck,” means.

4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you help others? What's your reason?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever lived where the sky was your roof, the lulluabys was the sound of
the crickets and the cool breeze sang you to sleep?
Have you ever wondered, where your next meal will come from, as you walk with
bare feet for miles on end because you couldn’t drink the water from the village
which seemed plenty, ﬂowing like it was Arabian sea but it was toxic?
So you had to walk for miles under the blazing heat, carrying this long thick stick
on your shoulders with large tins at each end to walk back with them ﬁlled,
hoping not a drop spills, aged 8 years old?
Have you ever had to wear the same worn out shirt and trousers and having to
watch them yourself and wait for them to dry, as you are naked and no one gave a
shit if you’re naked, as they see your clothes hanging and they see it as normal,
natural, common and part of their life too?
Have you ever held a piece of thick loaf for few days as your only meal and walked
and to chew a little…so it lasts longer?
Have you tied around your stomach a rope with small stones to squeeze in your
stomache so you don’t feel the hunger?
And crawl under wires while armed guards ready to shoot and kill, and eat
watermelons and crawl back out in the night, hoping this wasn’t the day you get
shot in the leg, back or the head?
You get to a stage to believe no one really gives a shit.
To one day ﬁnd someone sent something.
No, not money like most do because they know if they sent money it is but taken
from the people, lined into the pocket of organisations, overheads, and corrupt
government and oﬃcials.
It is of clothes as a large vehicle appears, with lots of clothes and sometimes bag
of rice, and sometimes pots and pans, and sometimes pencils and books, and
sometimes I even had a comic book.
Far better than a dollar or two, as it fueled my imagination.
I give because I know how it feels when you know someone does give a shit about
you. That’s why.
I don’t need to give to feel good.
I feel it because I am alive.
I cannot feel sadness most feel and resentment most feel, or lossness or whatever
most feel, because where I am it is like I am walking in Paradise, compared to
where I was.
In England, I turn the tap of water and it ﬂows and still mesmerised by clear
water. The electric kettle still amazes me today.
The central heating that warm the house and here isn’t a sound of all the sounds I
once heard, wondering if where I am sitting is going to be hit by something from
demons shaped as missiles soaring through the sky.
The most simpliest of things like walking out where missiles are not ﬂying in the
sky, bullets all over the place and death all around me exist makes you feel,

grateful of every step you take.
Walking on clear pavement and seeing a system though not perfect and with
many a ﬂaws, I see clean pavement, houses and gardens.
Though people ﬁnd it peculiar that I am always smiling and saying hello to
everyone around me who don’t kow who the fuck I am, I don’t care.
I feel good I am alive.
I make a cup of tea just like that and it feels like I’m the riches man in the world. I
cook many cuisines and I only have to walk a few minutes and shops all over the
place.
And I love my cream crackers dipped in tea.
I am a simple man and I don’t need much to smile but I got big dreams to achieve,
and mind ﬁlled with possibilities than endless fears and insecurities due to the
day those vehicles turned up with stuﬀ for me and everyone else years ago
I make money from thin air and from talents I have developed but all of it, would
not have ever been so, without all the knowledge I have access to when I came to
England. Knowledge by the way from all over the world and now we got the
internet.
What else do I want and need to make whatever I want to happen?
Once every few months I make the call and..
“How’s the orphanage going and did you receive etc etc?”
“We need more more clothes, books, also..etc etc etc?”
“Yes. I have many and the big steel cargo is nearly full to send.”
Took me 10 years to build that place and though I failed to build a school, I still
send English books, literature, and things that may not mean much to some folks
but to them, it means freedom.
They don’t have to walk far for water. I got a well built in which they can pump
water from where they are.
It’s surprising what can change when there is water.
Water is life. Drink water. It’s good for your body than pop juice.
The only snag is I have is much of the time I have to stay up most nights to make
calls there due to time diﬀerence, which aﬀects my life a little but it’s not so bad
as their challenges where they are at.
We communicate digitally most of the time as internet is there but it is still slow,
still a problem of communication but it works anyway.
So most time the bed is a stranger, in nights I can get message through quicker
and without much hiccups. Plans get through, ﬁnd out what’s going on
personally than from mainsream media, and keep in touch that way.
You want to give? Get personal.
But it’s not everyday the nights happen so it’s not that diﬃcult.
I feel there is nothing to be sad about and far more reasons to be happy. There are
far more reasons to live. Too many to count.
In evenings, and not always but at times, when sitting in a night club with a
drink….I see people dancing and coloured lights ﬂashing for suddenly everything
starts to fade away.
The sound of the music becomes distance.

I can’t feel the base dancing under my shoes.
The people in the crowd and all these women with sexy short dresses and curves
that make men stare and desire them, fade away.
The DJ dissappears.
The dance ﬂoor manifests into dry earth and the coloured neon lights are
replaced by the blue deep sky.
I feel the cool breeze dancing on my face andI see a familiar landscape. I can
smell the familiar smell from the palm trees and dates.
I see a boy with his friends laughing in the background as they are running away
from some mad goat chasing them.
The old guy who runs his shop and always shouting about some politics news and
how he had enough of these presidents messing things up.
The mechanic shop with two sons helping their dad.
The people with their coloured tribal clothes that are simple, walking back and
forth. The street busy, the sound of the market penetrates the silent air.
The dust of the roads sometimes dance in the air.
The old lady who coloured her hair with Hinah.
They all saw her as crazy but how would you feel if you heard all your children
and your husband are killed due to bullets due two tribes ﬁghting for land?
You’d probably lose it too.
Every afternoon you’d see her running through the street shouting the names of
her loved ones until it became a repeat pattern that people got so used to it to not
even wonder about her at all.
But then….this boy stops. He notices something.
He leaves his friends and walks towards me.
He stands a few steps in front of me. Dressed in the familiar shirt and shorts. Bare
footed.
He looks at me, smiles, gives out a sigh as he looks down to his right hand. He’s
holding something familiar.
It’s a comic book.
He looks up and gives out a big smile to turn and run back to his friends.
Just when I was about to get up to join him, thinking I am home again, it all fades
away and the music, the neon lights, the dance ﬂoor, the steps amd the people
appear.
Then I feel grateful.
I escaped while many didn’t and all my friends I knew, died only a few years after
I left the country.
Sometimes I’ll be walking through city centre or at I’ll be sitting in a cafe and I’d
see familiar face. They are memories, ghost of the past appearing once in a while
and I freeze. I watch like it is a movie replaying of a once upon time.
“Hey Adam, where you’re at? Day dreaming again? Haha.”
“Oh sorry girl, I was just thinking about something. You were you saying?”

So I will never forget the day when some clothes came, the bags of rice and most
of all, the comic I would look at again and again, even when I couldn’t read.
I give because someone out there, is going through what I went through years
ago. He or she may feel no one gives a shit.
I aim to let them know, someone does.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl tells you she is not interested and you invested a lot
of money on her, what is a best approach?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know I was at the fair and I saw those machines with lots of toys.
They have this small crane inside of them and you put money in and whrrrrr you
hope it catches one you want.
I know, whenever I am putting money into something, there is a risk but I also
know, a woman isn’t a slot machine, you bang money in and hope she’s look at
you and say..
“ALRIGHT BABY, LETS FUCK TONIGHT! YOU PAID SO LET’S HAVE IT!”
Then she strips naked in front of you and you see those amazing breasts,
hardened nipples and glass hour ﬁgure, and legs reaching to inﬁnity, and she is
dripping wet, as she opens her legs wide and yes, behind her head, ready, waiting
for the fuck of her life.
I always thought guys who take women to restaurants on dates, are like that. I
never taken woman on dates.
I take lovers. I date lovers.
I was banging that….machine with coins and got nothing out of it and then this
young lad, probably 12 years old, puts a coin, then another and another, and
another and then…walla!
He gets something.
But I doubt he would have bitched about it and saw it that the machine must give
back his money.
Intent.
That’s the problem.
Guys don’t show intent and instead supplicate to women by being aﬀectionate,
spending money and not getting clear intent from her. Fearing of losing the girl,
hoping with more money spent and time it will happen.
Thinking they can buy sex with being nice, polite, restaurant meals and gifts.
Trying to make her feel guilty to have sex because a guy spent money on her.
You should move on and stop buying woman’s aﬀection and sex.
Show intent early on and if she’s not interested, move on.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the hardest truth you had to accept that made you
stronger?
Adam Taha, Life is a one way ticket. Make it a amazing ride.
Answered May 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The rhythm.
But it was only when something happened that I realised how powerful that is. To
be able to not dance to someone else’s tune, to societies norms, to some else’s
game fallacies and all that come with it.
To being sucked into someone else’s drama and you fall into their rhythm.
The rhythm is the measurement of how big or small your reality is.
If you’re reality is small, you are done in this world.
Life becomes harder. Resources smaller. You do things out of scarecity.
The rhythm saved my life.
One night I was walking through city centre. It was cold, like your ﬁngers were
feeling the biting of it.
As I was walking I saw a guy sitting on small wall and one thing my friends know
me by, is the talent to detect certain things, body language, tonality of a voice,
and…patterns.
I turned a corner, the same corner I have turned round many a times, down the
cobble pebble street, past the the ﬂashy law ﬁrms, and I felt it.
That voice inside me saying..
“Danger coming.”
As I got to the bridge and recording studio was now 10 more minutes walk, I
heard the foot steps and they were running…and..I was so fucking ready.
Moment I felt the touch, I threw him on the ﬂoor.
He couldn’t ﬁnish his sentence.
Now he was in front of me and standing up fast.
While he was dancing back and forth with some sharp object I kept my
composure.
He was darting about, here and there, shouting to give him my bag. I put the bag
down behind me, stepped forward a little and he kept moving here and there but
I didn’t move to his rhythm.
I kept my composure and the funny thing is, and this is why my friends think I’m
a right nut because I can be calm even at most stresseful times…I was wondering
about the…rhythm.
I calmed my adrenaline down and kept to my rhythm.
It was like I was studying him, and that scared him because he stopped, looked at
me and then ran.
The rhythm.
Everyone will try to make you dance to their rhythm.
Provoke you to react.
Games. Many play games even in dating to get you to react,
Most will try it with fear.
Others with drama.
Some with jealousy.

Some will use negativity.
You know the drill.
Some people in this world will try it to suck you into a debate (notice my comment
box is disabled)
The world will try to get you to dance to it’s rhythm, string you along with feeling
guilty, shame and even with the fear of loss.
Moment I see and feel it, moment a negativity is projected from one’s mouth,
moment a game is hinted and I know all the games, moment a person projects
judgement due to their past experience on to me and let the world in our
conversation is the moment my rhythm kicks in fast.
I move on, or disable, or not bother discussing, or see now the mask that person
wears and know they are trying to get me to dance to their rhythm.
It’s not diﬃcult for people’s pattern to show up and I’m talking about their true
nature, their true face and their hidden frustrations or insecurities.
If you know you’re reality is bigger, you won’t get sucked in.
It doesn’t mean you’re better than any human being but your reality is bigger and
you will only ﬂow with your own rhythm.
It will save your life one day.
It will make you stand out while so many in jobs are panicking.
It will make you very attractive when a woman/men knows they cannot pull the
same shit they have on other people, on you.
It will make you focused on the tasks at hand.
It will screen out the negative women and men too.
There will be no excuse.
There is only the rhythm.
Your rhythm.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

How long does your sex last?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Foreplay 25 mins to 35 mins, and sometimes longer.
Foreplay, kissing, caressing, licking, eating her pussy, using other things
fore foreplay like ice, wanda vibrator and really get lover screaming. I
might at times tie lover up with handcuﬀs as well as her legs and then it
serious moaning, groaning and screams of sweet pleasure and pain.
2. The penetration sex - an hour and longer.
There will also be diﬀerent positions as well which helps with not
cumming but I always anyway pleasure my lovers ﬁrst, and they have
multiple orgasms and then we fuck.
There will be rests and more caressing, foreplay were more orgasms
happen and rest to back to penetration sex. So it can last even for 2 hours
and more.
11k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

How do you date your friends ex?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can if you wish……but I have always followed this simple rule. It deﬁnitely
closed door to as much drama as I can leave out in my life.
I’ve seen it many a times where people’s egos, their dick, their irritational
emotional behaviour get in the way and most of the time, though even if it does
work out, it doesn’t end well.
This simple rule is this…
Never mess with your social inner circle.
1. At work
2. Close friends
3. Inner social circles
Yes, some people do ﬁnd dates in these social environments and settings but I
rather not do that. I venture far away from these because the one thing I value a
lot, is my social circle, my friends, and people I work with.
I have walked away from CEOs, Marketing Directors, Film Producers, Magazine
editors, and models because these women, though extremely attractive and liked
some guy who is diﬀerent, direct, weird in a certain way haha, were all either
from my work, close friends and inner social circles.
I look now at most of my friends and man, the drama in their lives for breaking
this simple rule, is crazy.
I have seen ex boyfriend come back in woman’s life. I have seen ex girlfriend
come in man’s life. I have seen some who haven’t seen each other for years come
back and it would have been so damn easy for me.
Even when they did come back together and still, later on years it dried out and
ended even worse or ended in a way of numbness, I would not have done it.
You see, there are diﬀerent ways to learn things.
I mean, you don’t have to look far to learn from other people’s mistakes and I am
very good at doing that. I’m afterall, observe and study patterns in life and so I
see these patterns daily and well, I see what happens and I don’t bother.
This rule has helped me to have greater knowledge, specialised skills because it
pushed me out of the comfort zone.
Billions of women on this planet, billions and you can go elsewhere and ﬁnd
someone who has hot chemistry with you than going for someone’s ex girlfriend
and that someone is a friend,
You’d learn more.
You’d grow more
You’d step out of comfort zone and into the ﬁre
You ﬁnd out so much more about yourself
Most of all, whether these friends ﬂy away or still in your life, you didn’t shit so
close to home.
I value my friends.
I value my social circle.

Not so far that it controls my social freedom but I just cannot be assed with the
drama. There is enough drama in life.
It’s already crazy as it is and exciting, to date my friend’s ex girlfriend.
Yes, they are atrractive but it’s just not worth it.
The friction is too high and when people ﬁnd their resources are dwindling, they
go back to the ex for that fucking reason.
My resources are big. My options are massive.
I don’t need to do that when a world is ﬁlled with billions of women and with it…a
new adventure without connection of old that creates a rumble in the jungle.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend and I have the same birthday, I asked if he likes it
or not. He kept saying "I don't care" and "I don't mind". What
does that mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered May 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
“Look. I know you’re asking because your so needy for validation, trying to test me
out with these games to see I care about you with these questions. Avoid testing me
because each time you do, it shows big time you don’t care about me either but love
the idea of caring about me. That is what testing is. Manipulation to feed your own
ego to provoke a response you like to hear.”
It means he doesn’t care about your little games.
If you got a question, ask THAT question but without the need for validation. If
you don’t trust your boyfriend, why are you with him? If you don’t trust that he
does care about you, why are you with him?
It’s not smart testing your boyfriend.
We know when you ask these kind of questions, you got doubt about whether a
guy cares about you.
Since you don’t care hurting someone with games, we reply, “we don’t care,”
regarding the question you ask because we know, that is not what you are actually
asking.
PS…
Guys..,look on page 8
Book: The Sirens (when it comes out)
Girl Type - The Tester
;)
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I am absolutely in love with someone who’s
in a serious relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying, and this works well with your situation..
““Choose your battles wisely. After all, life isn't measured by how many times you
stood up to ﬁght. It's not winning battles that makes you happy, but it's how many

times you turned away and chose to look into a better direction. Life is too short to
spend it on warring.”
Therefore, if the couple is monogamous and so are you, do yourself a favour. Life
is too short spent on warring.
Choose to look into a better direction, someone…single.
The only reason a person does this is..
1.They suck at their own life in creating options
2. Their pool of social connections is tiny
3. They only care about what they want and not the lives of others they will mess
up, no matter if the world believes no one steals anyone from anyone. The key is
integrity.
There is nothing wrong feeling for someone but it is a diﬀerent case when you do
something about it.
Have the maturity to take responsibility for your own emotions and choose to
look into a better direction, because it is not winning someone’s heart that makes
one happy. It’s knowing you did the right thing.
You know what to do.
If you’re not that mature, then here it is..
Leave it alone and move on.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I told a girl I liked her and she said she only liked me as a friend.
After she said that, I stopped liking her. Why is this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You went and asked her out and when she said no and blah blah friend, you made
a smart choice.
You have this a skill to switch it oﬀ and move on. Awesome.
Here’s a tip…
She said “she only liked you as a friend…”
That now tells me something else, if…
You’re intent was, when you ﬁrst saw her and you now was attracted to her, but
didn’t show this intent right there and then…
1. You spent time with her behaving like some platonic guy. No girl says to
a guy, “let’s be friend,” unless you spent some time with her before
asking her out. I mean not 5 minutes, but major time.
2. You didn’t immediately approach her, ﬂirted, had fun, see if there is
mutual attractEd to then ask her out.
3. You was passive, hesitated too long and started building comfort way
before attraction.
Comfort, is where you behave like a brother, like a friend, and you talk all this..
“So how it’s going? What do you study? Oooh, what’s your into? Have you seen
blah blah movie?” It is where you talk about hobbies and looking for
commonalties and soon enough, it will kill the conversation.
It always does it when you start with comfort.

You need to establish or identify the attraction is both ways immediately.
See where comfort is…

You need to ﬁrst start with attraction not comfort.
Also, approach escalate faster, in that you don’t build some history meeting each
other and all that, before you ask a girl out.
Girls don’t say “I only like you as a friend,” if you haven’t spent ample time for her
to even see you as a friend. Some emotional support most have been given or
time spent with her. A lot of time.
That means it took too long to escalate.
Correct the behaviour if it so and move on to other girls.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why does the guy I like act like I don't exist?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

‘If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.’ - Milton Berle
So I was with a friend and he’s very shy.
I haven’t seen him for a while as I travel alot around world and just can’t be assed
just sitting around dreaming.
The conversation went like this…
Him - That’s her
Me - Who?
Him - The girl I told you about on phone a while back
Me - So let me get this straight..you’re shy?
Him - Erm yeah
Me - She’s shy?
Him - Yeah
Me - And she’s so fucking hot as well, Look at her ass!
Him - Huh?
Me - You’re awesome mate you know. Not going for her!
Him - What you mean?
Me - Now I can approach her and we’ll be fucking each other by tonight.
Him - WTF! You’re really an asshole, you wanker!
Me - Right then. Be right back. Just going to ask her out
And preteneded to get up and go for it.
Like he was Flash, the fastest man alive, got up and walked up to her, stuttering,
mumbling, trying, as he looked back hoping I’d not approach.
Finally, he got out of his comfort zone.
And..she said..
“No.”
Two weeks later I received a call.

He told me she was so nervous she didn’t know what to do and said no but saw
him later on, apologised, explained and now they are dating.
“But you’re still an asshole!”
“Hahhaha. Whatever fucktard.”
I got sick of his whining.
He’s been at it about this damn girl for months and did shit. Only way to get him
moving is…scarcity…and it worked.
Same for you too…
You better move your ass because another girl is going to approach him, this is
your opportunity and not because you get the guy.
You get to…grow…through…the lesson or you will go through this over and over,
and over again.
Like being helpless?
Stay where you are. Don’t grow through it.
But if you are believer like me, that if you don’t do this now then you will stay
right where you are, and you will never know how powerful you are, You will be
haunted by it for the rest of your life, you will not know how amazing you can be
and how you can make things happen by just..doing it.
Sure, you may not get this guy but hey, you will be in this place over and over
again but this time, you’ll be ready.
This time you know what to do.
This time you have been to this place before, many a times and now you are ready
but you will never be ready, if you always wait for life to give you what you want
or wait for a guy to notice you.
The world makes way for those who know what they want and go for what
they want.
It doesn’t mean we always get what we want right now, but with each step, we
grow, we get better, we learn, we get conﬁident to take action immediately and
later get what we want.
And what we get maybe diﬀerent to what we say we wanted months or years ago.
Our values change. Our perception changes. Our hearts have been broken,
stamped on, we have grown, we have realised what is important and now, now we
get it for real.
And so when you taken the risks, maybe got hurt a few times or more, and you
never let it deﬁne you, and never let it get you to see woman or man in a certain
way that you grow bitter, hating and blind with fury.
You but grow now wiser, smart and you get what you want.
So decide.
Decide fast.
You got a lot to learn so learn it now. Grow now not later on. You won’t have the
time later on as much as you may think you do.
You want to feel and stay helpless, do nothing?
Choice is yours.
Tomorrow or this week can be very diﬀerent.

Maybe painful, maybe with dissappointments or maybe happy but one thing is
for sure if you take action….
You will never be the same again.
You will be..stronger.
You learnt something about yourself.
Always take the road that makes you stonger.
Always make each day where you are growing stronger or it is a day wasted. Grow
always no matter what it is you want, grow.
48 Views · View Upvoters

What are the obvious signs that the guy is no longer interested
in a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Texing is not the lamest form of communication except for people who have no
clue and shit at social skills already, and packed with anxiety.
Texting is for those who know how to use it well. If you do not have knowledge
and specialised skill in dating, communication, then best not to use it and do face
to face.
But if you still want to use it, text without the hints.
I have used it many a times for dating successfully.
Dating suppose to be fun, made to be easier when you know the process but if it’s
diﬃcult such as using hints, this creates anxiety both ways and it can turn a guy
oﬀ.
Guys are simple, say what you want, be direct or he will assume you are not
interested in him in that way.
Forget hints.
What you need to do is..
1. Avoid hints. Be direct. Say you want to meet.
2. Then take it from there.
Texting is not for giving hints. You need to be direct or lots of assumptions can
happen and it will create awkwardiness big time.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl texts me everyday talking about her
relationship almost all the time if I'm a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter what it is.
What you need to know is this…
You feel uncomfortable and rightly so. Many women do this and a nice guy can
become a push over, an emotional tanmpon and they call such a guy a real man,
He’s a push over. He knows this is not what he wants and he’s sick of it but he’s
being passive about it.
You’re not a dumping ground.

You don’t owe her anything.
That shit can damage you psychologically.
She needs to go and take her ass to a therapist who get paid getting their heads
fucked and yes, these psychologist also have their own therapists. That’s how big
deal it is to not let people dump their shit on you.
Don’t be grateful for this. You need to direct her to specialist and get out of the
way and stay out of the way. Or you do your head damage.
There is a line to draw and if people cannot respect your space, if they cannot
respect your mind, then set the boundaries and be ﬁrm with them.
The next time a woman tries that on you, pregnant or not, tell her straight what
your boundaries are and let her know, you’re not her therapist and she knows
what she’s doing, and to sort her own shit out.
That’s what her family is for.
That’s what her boyfriends for.
That’s what her girlfriends are for.
That’s what clinics and other agences she can access for support are
there for.
Let her know the boundaries if you feel uncomfortable because she thinks she
can do that because you let her.
You may need to remind women a few times because they still try and push. If
they do, be real ﬁrm with them. In fact remind everyone, woman and man, who
you work with, co-workers etc, the boundaries in how to behave with you politely
as possible. You may need to remind them too but if you don’t respect yourself
and your boundaries, no one else will.
Stop being a nice guy. You know you don’t want this. Say it.
Set the boundaries. Enought is enough.
Let her know politely that you do not have time for her emotional problems and
she needs to go and seek professional help.
If this was a guy, believe me, they’ll be saying he is an Asshole, player, how dare
he get close to some girl while he has a girlfriend pregnant. He should talk about
the problems to his girlfriend blah blah.
You know the deal here and double standards society is at times.
Stand up for yourself. It’s not doing good for your mind and it’s putting you in an
awkward position as well.
Get out of the way mate and let her learn that this is her business and if she wants
help, she can go and seek counselling or clinics or professional help.
You’re not her trash can for her to dump her shit on you.
45 Views · View Upvoters

He told me that I am cold to him and now he told me I stalk him.
What does he mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If that’s what he has said to you then it probably means..
1. You didn’t show intent i.e. revealing you are attracted to him and just
doing small talk

2. When he does show aﬀection and attraction to you, you do not show it
back and dance around avoiding the issue.
3. When you communicate with him it’s not attraction and it has now
turned him oﬀ because he feels you just want attention, emotional
support and not really attracted to him.
4. When you talk it has nothing that reveals sexual and romantic attraction.
It’s cold.
5. He probably showed feelings to you to show attraction and you just
didn’t pick it up to talk back in same way. You are not good at expressing
your feelings to him
Hence the “cold.”
6. Therefore, he is questioning what on earth do you want from him? You
don’t reveal you’re attracted to him. You don’t reveal feelings and
aﬀection to him and so, why you even bothering contacting him?
Hence the stalking.
If you’re attracted to the guy, say it to him because he’s questioning why are you
in touch with him in the ﬁrst place.
Or I am completely talking a lot of crap and don’t know because we can’t read his
mind. So…ask him what does he really mean.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

At what age do women no longer ﬁnd men attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was in a cafe a week ago.
There was this woman there who proudly said to her friends..
“I’m 65 today!”
She’s known to the cafe and visits once a week from what the staﬀ told me.
This guy walks in and she’s like..
“Phoawww! Look at him!”
“Grandma!” exclaims her daughter
“Listen. Just cause I’m 65 doesn’t mean I can’t fantasize what I can do with his
package. He’s so..”
“Grandma! You’re embarrassing me!”
The guy smiled, got his take away coﬀee and winked at her. Good lad. He didn’t
take it seriously and hey, what woman doesn’t want to feel she is still desired.
So yes, there we go.
65 years old.
Don’t get me started with my grandma who past away. She was 70 and she was
like that when she saw a man she thought was attractive.
But then you ﬁnd some women who are not.
Depends on the woman.
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

This really unattractive girl walks around with really high selfesteem. How can I give her a reality check?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is not about the girl.
This is about you and your own insecurities, your own low self esteem, trying to
bully a girl who is conﬁdent in her self, in the real things in life, in her self
esteem. Let her think she’s attractive. No one’s business.
Far too many people try to put other people down because they see someone who
is conﬁdent and call it arrogance, condensending.
It’s no one’s responsibility to tell a damn thing until she asks for it.
You sort your own self esteem problem because you’re heading on dangerous
grounds. Sort your own demons out because she has sorted hers out and she
never needed your help.
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend keeps criticizing me and when asked not to, she
justiﬁes it, it makes me lose self-esteem, what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter what you say, what you do, what you compromise, what you
give…I promise you this…it will never be enough.
You are in an abusive relationship.
You cannot change a person and you’re feeling low and worthless because you are
letting it happen to yourself.
You can go and tell her whatever and she will come out with more of her bullshit
because that is her psychological script. A game she plays and which she decided
to play long before she met you, to feed oﬀ energy from other people who she
ﬁnds weak, easily to manipulate and fuck their mind over, for her to..feel…better.
You cannot change her.
The psychological script cannot be changed until the person goes through
counselling, and acknowledges they got a problem and she isn’t going to do that
as you can see from her behaviour when say to her to stop doing what she is
doing.
So you then got options…
1. You can stay put because you think you don’t deserve better and believed that
to be so, and fear of moving on from a toxic relationship.
2. Be stronger yourself and read lots, and not give a shit what she says but then
you still got that bullshit talk going on.
3. Break up with and move on. No more drama and make sure, next time, women
know the boundaries very clear. Ensure to date women who have positive
mindset, who are caring than putting you down, and who have a positive outlook
to life and people. Make that very important in what to look for in a woman as
well as other things.
After the breakup, don’t date anyone for one year and grow, learn, evaluate what
needs to change in yourself and how you make sure this doesn’t happen again.
Learn more of your boundaries and set them ﬁrm.

It be a learning experience for you whatever you decide but you are in that
position now, because you decide to be in it.
You can decide to say enough is enough and move on from her.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

If you're interested in a woman, should you just start out as
friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has nothing to do with friendly or ﬂirt and state your intention from what I am
reading in your details.
You're just passive and very unsure of yourself.
You see it as being friendly.
But really….you are investing so much time in women you are attracted to and
haven’t got an idea of what is you want, how to communicate it in an attractive
manner and haven’t got a clue of the process.
Your question and details you put on there shows that.
It’s like you just spend too much time being approved, accepted and all that,
instead of seeing a woman you’re attracted to, get to know her a little and ask her
directly, and within the process you can ﬂirt, be fun, light hearted.
So really you have work to do within yourself.
You have work to do in knowing the process.
You have work to do as well with the knowledge and specialized skills.
Because look, let’s face it, most who ask all these questions haven’t even the basic
fundamentals never mind ﬂirting and all that.
The basics are not even there and so you really don’t know what you're doing.
You need to know what you are doing for real. You don’t go out there not knowing
what to do or you don’t learn, improve and make things happen. There is work to
do within yourself.
You’re hesitant, you are being passive, you’re fearing rejection to take necessary
actions quicker, you need work in your conversation skills, how to engage and
connect and let go of hiding who you are.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ravin Patel

If you know someone is factually wrong, are you better oﬀ not
saying anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s important to you?
For people to know you know facts or to build and nurture relationships?
I’m honest and direct but that doesn’t mean when someone is telling me
something that isn’t factually, I am going to now tell them they are wrong.
It is also not better of staying quiet either.
This is where specialised knowledge and skill in knowing how to communicate in
diﬀerent social dynamics, diﬀerent people of diﬀerent personalities and ego
states.

You’re role is to ﬁrst know the person, connect, learn to understand who they are,
their belief system, their own psychological script, and when you do, you then
know how to communicate with such a person.
People far too quick giving opinions of what they know instead of ﬁrst connecting
with the people.
So here’s how you do it…
Person - blah blah blah (not factual)
Me - You know that’s interested point of view. Explain to me more on how you
came about seeing it that way as I like to really know.
Person - Blah blah blah blah (you’re learning about their mindset)
Me - It’s a diﬀerent way of seeing it. I never really thought of seeing it that way but
what about the point blah blah. I like to hear what you think.
Person - blah blah blah blah (you learn more of this person)
You’re connecting, you’re learning about the person, you’re seeing a lot more and
if you let the person talk and share, and even maybe meet again and again, you
get to see a bigger picture of that person, their personality, their ego state, and a
whole lot more such as their…emotional language.
You may even ﬁnd out from themselves about how they came about this not so
factual information, and they may even ﬁnd themselves asking you what you
think.
And so it is now not telling the person they are wrong but rather sharing your
experience, your knowledge, your point of view in a manner that you’re not
humilating the person but rather just engaging each other.
Everyone has sides.
Even yourself.
Don’t take sides but rather connect with people.
In time, people’s views change, values change and many opportunities in which
they see books you read, and listen to what you say not because you’re right but
because they really see you got value and want to know.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a good sign when a guy wants to call instead of text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s doing right. Before you meet, it’s best to talk on the phone as it can build on
the attraction and most of all, remove awkwardiness. You also get to know each
other a little better, so when you do meet, it’s less awkward and I would suggest
the following..
1. Stay fun, no negativity, but upbeat, ﬂirtatious
2. Add tiny comfort. Not too much. Comfort is when you learn a little more
about the guy and he about you, regarding what you are into, what you
enjoy, a ﬂavour of positive experiences, hobbies etc but don’t do too
much back and forth questions like an interview but rather, tell a story
relating to the theme of what you’re talking and he will hopefully do
same.
So take it as a positive step forward as I don’t like looking for signs, and I never
meet a girl anyway, who I am not attracted to. That is why I use text, phone to ﬁnd
out more of her attitude, compatibility, and have fun doing so.

Forget looking for signs. If you want to say something, say it. If you want to show
you’re attracted to a guy, do so. No hints, none of what most people do. It just
creates awkwardiness when you do.
On phone be more open, talk about what you will do and stay away from
resturants on ﬁrst, second, third dates. They kill attraction and makes it so
awkward.
Make these ﬁrst date to walk, talk, be fun, physical conversation, go and see
places together, move than sitting around and then may some drink, cafe but stay
away from resturants and cinema.
24.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Monica LaLuchi

What does it mean when you are constantly texting a guy who
doesn't reply?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How did you get his number?
1. You see, if you got his number playing all safe, with showing no intent
you’re attracted to him and…making sure he is attracted to you, then
what’s the point in asking for his number?
What’s the point of him… investing in you?
So his silence then is to avoid saying like how most girls do, “I’m not
interested in communicating with you.”
That’s why if you’re attracted to a guy, whether text or private messages,
or email, or face to face…it is best to just show you’re attracted to the the
guy and he now has to show intent back.
Most don’t because they fear rejection, focusing on complimenting the
guy and small talk, and so, we see you like most girls…just want attention
or just making connection and nothing else but that. It’s not a priority
then for guy to bother.
It’s not clear what it is you want.
2. If you did do the ﬁrst step in making sure he is also attracted to you and
you got his number that way, then problem is your texting.
Your texting is either boring, like “what’s up” and “hey” rather than
arousing, fun, hot, sexy and connecting to him to build on attraction.
If text is low value such as “hey.” and “how you doing?” and “hey what
you’re up to?” and “Hey what’s up,” it really doesn’t get the guy to want to
text back.
Either way, to really know, talk to him face to face but I doubt he’ll be up front
anyway as some people like to avoid conﬂict and awkward situations. So he
probably will say like girls do as well..
“Oooh I was so, so, so, busy, work and blah blah.”
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sha'Daiy Palmer

He started in on the sex talk in two days. Now he's sorry. It's
been a very long time. Should I give him another chance?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered May 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In two days? Really? Wow.
I talk about it immediately.
I would expect women to also do so, and if they got a problem with it then I know
something is up regarding their psychological position regarding sex and I sure
don’t want to go any further if that’s the case.
But let’s say I sexualised then it will lead to ﬂirting, it will lead to bantering for
fun, it will lead to also…later on…discussing together boundaries, and also
checkups as well.
Because I don’t go oﬀ dating just anyone, because sparks can ﬂy immediately
when dating from experience and so I would maturely talk, discuss than get all
insecure about it. Getting that sorted helped a great deal in dating but also I
attract sexually conﬁdent women not women who hide their sexuality.
The other problem is…
He apologised which means, dishonesty, nice guy, passive and so, do you want to
date a guy who is not conﬁdent in what he wants, who says he desires you and
then throws it back on your face or a guy is true to his nature and is consistent,
congruent to how he is?
After all, what is datng for?
To know each other, sex is a very important topic, and so if he sexualised in
beginning, good, you do too, and you then discuss boundaries,you discuss
checkups, you discuss all these maturely than pretending your an alien from
space who isn’t sexual.
But it seems to be you got a guy in your hands who will not even have an opinion,
got you on a pedestal, insecure, not conﬁdent and won’t lead. He will probably
then hide a lot and not behave in a conﬁdent authentic manner because he is
supplicating to women than being honest and being himself, without fear of
losing women interest.
If that’s the guy you’re into, who hides their sexuality, go for it, but if you want
someone who is conﬁdent to say what he wants from day one and for you to then
communicate together to see compatibility, and other important issues regarding
sex as well, then I doubt he’s the one.
But hey, I don’t go about asking anyone what to do for dating.
I make my own mind up because I know what I want.
Do you?
So ﬁgure out what you do want and be honest about it because either way, it will
lead to sex, and better you get these important issues out of the way early than
ﬁnding yourself sleeping with a guy and you didn’t.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you care too much about what friends or family think about
the person you are dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I care about friends and family in that they are ok, if they need my help they
know where I am to help them.
But apart from that, who I date is my business.

I care more with the connection between me and the person I am dating not what
families and friends think about who I am dating.
They’ve never said anything and mostly because when you are congruent to who
you are, when you let people know your boundaries, and unafraid to say them,
politely though, but with ﬁrmness too, balance, people know not to do so.
My life doesnt evolve, around what friends, family, trends, or socia norms say
who to date or how to live my life.
I’ve already experienced those who look all amazing on having degrees, status
and all rest most look for in a lover and found deciding on these factors, you will
lose out big.
So I look for something deeper, like compatibility, yes, high sexual, conﬁdent in
expressing her feelings to me and sexually, romantic. I don’t like small talk if a
woman is attracted to me but for her to be sexually conﬁdent in her words and
behaviour.
Not like this…
He started in on the sex talk in two days. Now he's sorry. It's been a very long
time. Should I give him another chance?
Look how he becomes passive and apologises in the detail question. If a girl
behaved that way with me in thinking sex isn’t important to talk about, and talk
about boundaries, and other issues on ﬁrst conversation, she will be screened out
immediately.
So I look for such conﬁdence and also kindness, compassionate and fun to be
with. That a woman has passion and thirst for life and not negative which most
women are naturally by the way.
So I don’t look for most of things most people look for, such as income, job, status,
degrees, and all what we know as appearances.
Many do that, but i learnt early on in my life, appearances can be very decieving
and so I look for deeper, for feeling, for compatibility too, for women who are very
compassion, kind, tender but also very high sexual and who are sexually
conﬁdent to show it too.
So though I love my families, and care for my friends too, they have no input and
nor do I care what they think who I date. They haven’t ever got involved in my
business.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a big deal if you’re the one who always says ‘I love you’ or ‘I
miss you’ ﬁrst, meaning that you only hear it in replies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not at all. I don’t mind saying it ﬁrst or whenever I feel like saying it. I don’t see
relationships as games where we do things for validation and this thing which it’s
tit for tat kind of thing.
Though I do get it a lot but I also say it and because I feel it too. When you come
from ego, then it’s about control, and attaching your self worth with external
validation, to be approved and so you’re not really loving someone.
You do things to get a response not to give and so the way one sees relationship is
where they do things from fear based. They do it for response, to test someone
out which is really toxic and you do miss out a lot from not letting go of such
thinking.

People also have diﬀerent way of showing love.
They have their own personalty and that’s an emotional language in itself and
some personalities ﬁnd it diﬃcult to express so easily but that doesn’t mean they
don’t love the person. Also deeper than personality language the ego state that a
person behaves in and that too is a language.
So people show how they love someone in a diﬀerent way such as by their actions
and what they share with you. Others use physical touch a lot. Some show in
other ways.
25 Views · View Upvoters

Is ignoring women when they want me a good trait to have?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 30, 2017 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman was honest in showing her intent i.e. saying she’s attracted to you and
so you found out she wants you, and you are attracted to her, then seriously you
need therapy if you ignore the woman.
Those who play such games is one major red ﬂag.
It reveals insecurities that will only attract women who are insecure like yourself,
and attract nothing but drama.
Most mature and high self person won’t tolerate having someone showing them
disinterest for too long or even a minute.
Best you be authentic and show intent back, or all it becomes is some game that is
emotionally draining, to such it will be deﬁnitely tell someone who has
conﬁdence and high self esteem to stay well away from you.
So don’t do it. Don’t ignore someone you’re attracted to when they show intent.
Be honest as you would want someone to be honest with you.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that many men wouldn't want a woman more
intelligent and career-oriented than them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe for some men who feel insecure but from personal experience, it’s not
about their income or smartness etc.
It’s usually this..
1. She’s boring at conversation.
2. She tries to impress me with her knowledge about stock market, or
whatever and it’s not arousing.
3. I just been working and last thing I fucking need is to talk about work,
job, career, and usual logic small talk. I want fun, I want to relax, banter,
tease not this. I don’t want to debate and argue about things. I want to
relax, aroused, feel alive and most don’t do it for me.
4. Her personality is dry and her conversation skills, meh, just usual chit
chat and it’s not seduction at all.
Many say it’s because of women earning more or this and that but for me, it’s
always these four and yes, there are more.
Attraction is about arousing, capturing the man’s emotions and imagination and
well, you can have a degree and all that but if you can’t do that, of course I’m not

going to be assed to want to be in relationship with such woman.
Most just don’t switch oﬀ that Masculine world, and still in teacching mode, or
working mode, or whatever mode but not attraction mode.
Worthy isn’t about income.
Worthy isn’t about career focused.
Worthy isn’t about some high I.Q
Worthy?
Arouse, seduce, know how to talk to man to capture his emotions and light up his
imagination, let go of being so serious and have fun.
Just most women cannot do that and bore men senseless with small talk, well, it’s
not going to happen.
That’s what I personally ﬁnd.
It’s not about career, smart and all that. It’s that they are not that smart when it
comes to attraction.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What happens if you keep loving someone who might never
love you back? If I continue down this road, how will it end?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re in front of the sliding door.
“Don’t walk in. Walk away.” I say.
“But I can win.” You reply.
“Everyone who walks in loses, either way. Walk away.”
But you walk in because like most people, their emotions blinds them with the
fallacies that if you spend enough, give enough, wishing enough, love enough, it
will one day pay you back.
This is what gambling feeds on.
This is what the world around you feeds on.
This is what your fears feed on.
Your fear of being abanndon. Your fears, your insecurities and it promises you so
much more. All you see in this world, with politicians after politicians,
mainstream media, newspapers, magazines, feeding you with more promises,
then fear, dividing people, making them ﬁght against each other and all cannot
see they are being distracted on what all these don’t…want….people…to…see.
Emotions.
They can blind you.
You walk to the table and you get some chips in exchange for you money. You put
that money on the number, your heart pounding, your begin to sweat, your
ﬁngers tapping on the table and the table turns.
The ball bounces as your heart skips a beat and races faster.
You feel the butterﬂies in your stomach or is it your inner voice telling you to
walk away.
The ball stops.

You’ve lost your money.
I put my hand on your arm..
“Don’t. Just walk away.”
“I can win this money back.” You snap back.
“But at what cost?” I reply.
You pull your arm and you put the money on the number. The man grins and
spins the wheel.
The ball bounces, you feel your legs quivering, heart pounding and racing harder
and faster. You’re mouth is dry and yet you are sweating.
The ball bounces up and down, up and down and..
The wheel stops.
You lose more money.
You grit your teeth.
You want to pull away but you just can’t.
If you wish hard enough. If you love hard enough. If you give hard enough. If you
just pray hard enough, you will win.
You put so much already into this and might as well put more. It might just work.
It might just happen for you.
A wish.
A hope.
A prayer.
I cannot say anymore but watch you walk to the ATM machine and take out more
money. It’s all you got left.
You walk to the table and you don’t put it all but half of it.
The wheel spins and the ball bounces, you feel a little dizzy. You haven’t had
much sleep and haven’t eat much today.
The ball stops and you win $500.
This is like the person who walked away and then comes back, and you think all
is well. You think you know this person so well but the pattern of a man or woman
doesn’t dissappear just like that.
But you play again because you fell for hope, you fell for this thing most fall for
and that’s how the world gets you.
It knows how you love hope.
It knows you love the fairytale ending.
It knows you so well and that’s why it takes a lot but then gives you a little back. It
keeps you hanging on hope to get everything else from you.
You put the rest of the money on a number as I walk away.
The wheel turns as the ball bounces to my every step and it stops.
I hear a cry of pain behind me.
My heart sinks. I know that sound so well.
I hear the questions on why life chose you.

I hear the same old routine of blame and of anger.
I hear what I heard a thousand times and I know, I cannot stop the many to come
who will walk into the Casino, and wasting time on ex boyfriends, ex girlfriends,
ex lovers, and crushes like they will live forever.
You walk away as the lightining and thunder roars outside.
It pours and you but walk like you don’t care anymore.
No money for taxi. No money for bus.
But it doesn’t matter.
You feel numb. You feel broken.
How can you let someone break you?
You thought you’d be the one who would never be in that spot because you’ve
seen so many being in that same spot.
But here you are, in that same dark place.
How on earth did it happen?
How did you reach to such a low level in your life to love someone and continue
to do so when they don’t love back?
Is that what you will teach your children?
To be helpless?
To be low in self worth?
To feel that they are nothing until someone loves them back?
To always wait for someone who doesn’t give a shit?
It took two hours to reach home and you’re soaking wet. You run to the bathroom
and vomit.
How could you have been so careless to lose all that time, all those wishing,
hoping, and praying on someone like that?
You get up and you look into then mirror and you don’t know this person
anymore. If only you didn’t step into the Casino.
If only you just walked away and believed in yourself, and never give to anything
or anyone, who cannot love with the same level of loving.
As you get up, you slip and you hit your head sink.
You fall hard, your eyes feel heavy, memories of your whole life from when you
was a child, the dreams, the aspirations, then goals, and all you wanted to
achieve, the things you learnt and the things you haveb;t done yet, the loved ones
and all your life ﬂashes by.
All there is but sleep as your life slips through your ﬁngers with one ﬁnal breath…
To wake up!
On the settee.
It wasn’t real!
It was just a dream. No, a nightmare!
You hear a knock on the door. It’s him and just then you hear an echo. Words you
heard before..

“Walk away from the Casino.”
“Listen,” you say, “I don’t love you and you don’t love me. I’m moving on.”
After a few exchange he walks away and you thought you’d feel like your life
would be over but instead, you feel a heavy burden lift oﬀ your shoulders.
Maybe it was a dream.
Maybe it was just your unconscious warning you.
Whatever it was, you discovered, your life is far more precious to squander it on
someone who doesn’t love back.
You always walk away from the Casino.
Even if you win, the cost is so high, you will lose yourself in the end.
So stay away from the Casino.
Invest in yourself, spend time on your life, look at your goals, dreams, visit worlds
and meet many people.
Live boldly and without being passive.
Apologise to no one on how you live like a tiger and to hell with any woman or
man who tells you who you are.
They can go and fuck themselves for all you care.
You know you deserve better you will attract that which you deserve, you must
ﬁrst behave as such, think it and have boundaries.
Be someone who respects themselves to such, you will not give time to any man
or woman, who doesn’t respect what you give instead you feel there is harmony,
balance and it’s both giving to each other sincerely.
Stay away from the Casino.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

If a woman wears a neckband, does it mean that she likes being
dominated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You mean chokers? Like this..

It comes from way back. The photo below is by Harper, Alvan S., 1847-1911.

Then there’s this photo as well…and many more. I don’t know the photographer’s
name who did this one…

Women wear it because they like wearing it, makes a woman feel good, makes her
feel what she wants to feel…and also…it’s best not to assume anything about any
woman and even man.
The chokers were worn as early as the ﬁrst century A.D but why sometimes most
get mixed up is that in the late 19th century some women wore it to say how they
feel secretly in the Depression era.
In fact if you look at 17th century it didn’t signify to dominate but wore it as a sign
of political views, as wearing red one for homage to those who met the guillotine.

There were many who wore them and so you cannot assume because there were
women who were prostituets wore them to, and so the mix up is probably here.
There were women who are ballerina’s that wore them, which you can see in
Degas' ballerina paintings, showing the era of 1870s and 1880s.
Below is Spanish Dancer and Leg Studies, study for the pastel Dancer with a
Tambourine, ca. 1882 by Edgar Degas. See the Dancer with a Choker…

The Royals wore them and so they ruled their nation and it is they who lead their
nation, dominated the seas and so on.
There were women who wore them to show they are part of the Rich and powerful
elite. The chokers had expensive diamonds and other jewellery attached to them.
This is Portrate of a Royal 1759 and you see she’s wearing a Pearl Choker…

Princess Diana wearing a Choker made from pearls…(the trend always coming
back like a loop)

The trend then was revived back in 1944 and onwards.
It comes and it goes, as trends repeat themselves. You’ll see many celebrities
wearing chokers and with their own style of clothes..
Georgia May Jagger..

Lily-Rose Depp..

Rihanna…

Gigi Hadid…

As you can see they are shown in many fashion shows..

So it’s best to never assume anything.
If you want to know a woman on what she desires and wants, it is best to let go of
any perception from mainstream media and bullshit labels that put people in
boxes by what they wear and ask the woman.
Then you get to know who she really is, her thoughts, her wants and needs, and
her boundaries.
Avoid following the crowd who assume by what they see. It’s best to get to know
the person themselves.
That doesn’t mean by the way some women don’t like being dominated in bed, I
know many who do. That’s not sexualising a woman. That’s consented by woman
and her lover for fun, sexual tension, romance, and it is their preference.
But you will never know until you know the woman and so you need to be careful
with assumptions.

15.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can "too nice" be considered a bad thing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I get accused of being too nice. Is this a bad thing?

Nice as what? Nice meaning..
1. Passive-aggressive
2. Have no opinion and want to please
3. Doing things for approval, acceptance, ﬁt in, to be liked
4. See someone you’re attracted and do shit about it and pretend to be a
friends, and later asking the person out and then can’t take rejection,
and orbit around the person and call it…friendzoned when you zoned
yourself.
5. Can’t say no but bitch and rant about it to your friends how people use
you
6. Haven’t got boundaries and whine about people using you.
7. Dishonest and pretend to be someone you’re not
8. Doing nice things for some motive and don’t even say what that motive
is, and when you don’t get approved you bitch about it
9. Boring because always worried what someone else thinks if you just
speak your mind.
10. Your sexuality always switced oﬀ because you’re worried what others
think about you
11. Always trying to be ﬂawless, perfect, and never really taking action
12. Complaining about bad boys, assholes, bad girls and seeing yourself
better than them and justifying that people should date you instead.
That there is what the context of “nice guy” is, not how being nice, good etc.
Most mix nice guy as being nice, genereous and all that which is not about that.
That list there is what they really mean.
Look at it and see if you do any of this then ask yourself, if you’d want to even be
with someone like that as a friend or lover?
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to drunk text a guy who's in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about wrong or right.
You are doing things and have no control and just blast away. You know it very
well because now you see the reason why you don’t do things like that when
drunk.
But don’t get all worked up about it now. It’s not a big deal for us guys because we
seen it so many times, where girls drink to drunk level, and personally, why even
drink to that level anyway.
Not like everyone around enjoys seeing someone drunk anyway.
I know I don’t. When it gets like that with people around me, I leave. No use me
being with people drunk. I just go somewhere else.

It’s ok to drink but know yourself and be responsible.
Things can happen and only one mistake it takes and you can fuck not just
relationships, important connections and your repuatation but also…your life.
One mistake is all it takes, one and you can be pregnant and that’s it. Your life
now is not your own anymore.
You got a child now and so now, you got to do all for the child. Let’s say the guy
doesn’t give a damn and now you life is going to be a struggle.
Or you can ﬁnd yourself hurt and we human beings maybe strong, but our bodies
are not super human.
One mistake is all it takes. One.
So learn from it and move on.
Just apologise but just know, us guys seen that shit so many times and really, if
we know a girl is like that, we won’t invite her, or hang with her, or date her,
because we can’t be assed with thens hit that comes from being drunk.
We won’t take what she says seriously.
So if you like some guy and you do that then it be that guys don’t take you
seriously because they can’t tell if you is for real or not. And who wants to date
someone who gets drunk and then says..
“Oooh it just happened baby! I was drunk when he fucked me and it’s not my
fault and I…”
We heard that old story before from most guys and so we keep away from girls
who tend to get drunk and known for it.
It doesn’t mean she’s bad, or she’s this or that but you can do damage to other
people as well, and their relationships, and their connection and even mess up
the vibe too.
So you know getting drunk is useless. It doesn’t do shit except covering some
feelings or trying to do something which you got no backbone to do. Or to forget
or whatever the reason people drink to get drunk.
Face the music.
Apologise and know your limit.
It doesn’t really help you as you can see from your own experience.
Forget wrong or right.
Think about the results you want in your life.
Does getting drunk have any productivity to achieving something that beneﬁts
you in the long run?
You know the answer.
645 Views · View Upvoters

What mystical creature would you want to be?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Apr 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Deﬁnitely Gandalf

I relate to his begining journey in which he was sent as one of the ﬁve wizards to
counsel and assist all those in Middle-earth who opposed the Sauron.
At ﬁrst he was afraid, nervous and said he was too weak and too afraid of Sauron.
Manwe understood and told him that was one the main reasons he should go…to
overcome his fear.
And so there is a phrase I always use and it is the purpose of all I do, learn, apply,
unravel, reﬁne, make into future illustrated manuals for dating, sex and all kinds
of areas around dating,
“What you don’t grow through, you shall go through again and again..”
It’s why I challenge myself. I expect rejections in what I do but I am willing to
grow through them and as I did, I invested tons of specialised knowledge, skills
and not from dating authors or pickup artist but studied psychology,science of
human behaviour, leadership management, marketing, sales, branding, science
of social dyamics, language of inﬂuences and many literatures.
That’s also another way I think when I want to learn languages.
I am at then moment studying Russian, French, Spanish, and would ike to also
learn Japanese. I know English. Arabic, slowly getting to learn French but soon,
by end of this year I will be devoting many hours learning languages.
Gandalf also received a ring of ﬁre and it was then he was renamed from being
known as Olorin to Gandalf.
He spent many centuries walking among Elves as a stranger, as I spent years in a
new country called England and other countries, learning from those who
succeeded in what I wanted and even teaching them when I surpassed later in
years. Gandalf did the same.

He became the wisest of most powerful order. He also became very brave and
known for his courage to face any adversity and get through it.
I became wiser as well in my journey and knowledgable too, mastering much of
what I wanted to learn and became skillful. I also had the same courage, and
willingness to grow through and face adversity that hide from it.
Gandalf was also the mural painting I did on wall of college.
I also like Elves a lot as they are wise, very powerful and also beautiful too. When
I think of them, I think of nature, the ultimate natural law of the universe and
everything else. Like the ﬁrst law, the ﬁrst knowledge and everything else came
from that knowledge and law.
They know magic, powerful at it and it’s done in as an artform, a way of living
when I read about elvise, and their language is also beautiful too.
He was right to leave with some of his friends, far away from mortal men and
women. I doubt he will be pleased in what we have done to our world and he
probably so it all coming if Gandalf was real and not just ﬁctional.
Gandalf would have deﬁnitely have got along with Elvis, and people who want
harmony and peace. He also loved courage and so so much more in the Hobbits
than most ever did. He saw not their size but rather their heart, character and
their courage to do even when most didn’t believe in them much.

Gandalf would have got along with Elves because they are unlike human beings.
Most people have the tendency to be possessiveness, greedy, jealous and the
Elves are in no need of these emotions.

I would deﬁnitely choose to be Gandalf and live with the Elves and other
immortals in the land of the undying, which in the Lord of the Rings is far from
mortal’s reach.
Living but to learn knowledge and share knowledge in peace. Enjoying nature
and the universal laws.
12 Views · View Upvoters

What is the secret to winning a guy's heart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is the one thing every person has?
Yes, what is it that no matter which guy, where he comes from, which class, rich
or poor, black or white, tall, short, attractive or not so attractive, has?
It is predictable thing every human being has and yet mostly everyone fucks up
in because they themselves do not know even know themselves, do not spend
time knowing human beings, human behaviour, and spend far too much time
reading fairytale bullshits, magazines, movies, mummy and daddy advice and
old ancient bullshit norms that tell you what to do.
But you only do it because that’s all you know and so you ﬁnd yourself stuck,
guessing, never really having a ﬂow in which you know what to do exactly from A
to B to C.
So what does something who doesn’t know does?
They do what mostly everyone does.
Guess. Look for hints and if you did that in your life with anything, you know you
only screw yourself.
You’ll get hints and guesses wrong because you are also inﬂuenced by your own
perception, own desire, own lies, own emotional bias and you see what you want
to see. So is the same with everyone else.
They do thinks out of discomfort, anxiety, fear and you are thinking it’s attraction
and get played left, right and centre.
Until you know that one thing and until you know how to do it.
This isn’t about how to do it because that’s my specialised knowledge and skill I
invested in, learnt over the years and people pay me to learn it in big bucks. No
use me even trying to share it because most people haven’t even sorted
themselves out, mindset out and all kinds of shit.
Even if you know it and you do it with the baggage one has, it won’t be eﬀective
because you’ll behaving in the opposite of what it needs. You’ll still ask the wrong
questions and still mess up.
But I will guide you to know what it is.
That one thing if you were to spend your time learning how to use it, you can
connect with guy within reason.
I say that because even though you know every guy and girl has this one thing,
people also come with their own insecurities, own fears, own baggage, own
bullshit, own lies, own social mask they wear and it’s not that it doesn’t work on
everyone but rather, each person you meet will come with a psychological script
that acts like a wall.

It’s like when you know something is good for someone, for example ﬁtness, or
eating healthy but they don’t do it due to their own insecurities, habits and lack
of self esteem, lack of belief and all kinds of things you don’t see which I call…
the…wall.
It’s like teaching someone a mastery skill in conversation and they haven’t yet
approached girls, guys and so they are not ready for this stage of knowledge. No
point in teaching it to folks who haven’t got their shit together because they won’t
respect the knowledge and will take ages to even take action, question everything
instead of doing.
They will always miss the point.
So when you do try, if it isn’t working on them, don’t ever bother trying to chase
because their script is with-holding them back and their perception which has
been conditioned to desire what they think is good looking when really that good
looking is nothing more than brain washing information they took on as part of
what they so desire.
It becomes part of them until they grow older, got their hearts ripped to shreds,
woke up from the fantasy and just want someone now who really respects them,
will give care, feelings, emotions, love and so on.
So there is no use bothering anymore with this guy or girl.
There is no use trying to convince that person.
Forget anything to do with impressing that person or anyone.
There is no use trying to do all then shit most do. You’re wasting your time and
most of all, you will get your heart ripped to shreds until you wake up from this
fantasy.
It is true, when you get older, all this about looks for guys and girls, won’t be as
important and you now get it.
You know want someone who loves you rather someone who are infatuated with
you and who does nothing but fuck your life over, who doesn’t give as much as
you do and where you always feel unwanted and tired of loving someone who
doesn’t give that much to you.
You wake up from the fairytale.
So what is this one thing?
Here it is..
Imagination.
In his mind for all those years, he knows what is sexy, hot, what turns him on,
what doesn’t. When his emotions kick oﬀ, his imagination ignites like ﬁre and
here is the next problem….
You cannot ignite a guy’s emotions if you are so into wanting to be accepted,
validated, approved by society and…behave in a manner that is safe, that is where
you don’t express emotion, feelings in the way you wear, behave, to get him
feeling hot for you.
And most girls fail in this and those who don’t and know this secret are called
‘bad girls’ because they are comfortable in their own skin. They don’t say they are
conﬁdent and got high self esteem but behave as such.
They text sexy.
They message sexy.

They ignite the guy’s passion.
They use sexy hot words that paint his imagination with images which he has
already got his mind and understands, and desires.
They use sexual gif images as well when texting.
They are bold and they are not worried if they go acts all that. They know other
guys will not have that wall and so they move on faster than most girls ever do
because they want a guy who gets it, understand it, and so they can have fun,
exciting experience with the guy not with some guy who has a wall, the way some
girls who have walls.
While these girls use their femininity and sexuality, painting images in the guys
mind, for him to be so turned on, the other girls cannot even express their
sexuality, cannot arouse, cannot do what these girls do and so he is always left
wanting, always left empty for another girl to ﬁll that void, to give that feeling, to
arouse him and the ones who do are bolder, braver and do not do what most girls
do…hint…which kills attraction.
Hints do not capture emotions and do not light up his imagination. Confusion
only prevents his imagination to ﬂy and girls who are direct and bold enough to
paint clear exciting sexual, fun images in his mind ignite his emotions, which
ﬁres up his imaginations and now he believes all these feelings is connected and
due to her.
So forget giving him anything and forget stomach is way to his heart. Forget
being subtle. Forget all you ever learned about dating.
You will need to unlearn a lot to do this and you can play safe, hiding, talking
you’re so conﬁdent and you can’t even do this. This takes more than saying you’re
conﬁdent. It takes doing it by behaviour and this for all it’s amazing gems scares
the shit out of girls.
Why? Because they cannot play this “good girl” and “princess” game anymore.
This is not about bad girl or good girl. This is about, if you want to succeed in
attracting guys, then no more hiding.
Imagination doesn’t get excited by hints.
Be seductive and get his heart pounding, and for him to imagine which is already
inside his mind is the key.
Use it with your eyes, body language, what you wear, and when you talk to him,
use your eyes and lips, physical touch and tone your voice to be so cute and soft it
gets his emotions going while.
Use texting and use gif images and paint what can happen between you. Make it
hot. Create that ﬁre, build up higher and higher to send him so crazy for you, he
will be a fool to not take action.
When emotions kick oﬀ, his imagination begins to paint images from your words
and behaviour and…
He…FEELS….alive. amazing inside of himself.
Same for guys with girls, women.
Just by that alone women pussy gets wet and her heart pounding and knows
there is the guy, out of all these guys, who knows what he wants and knows how
to get what he wants and she will have far better experience with him than all
these guys who just haven’t got a clue.
You don’t need to be a hot shot good looking girl to do this.

This is the language of all human beings.
This is where ideas come from.
This is where a mind can do more than 10 things at once but you focus on the
thing that can only do one thing, and so a guy cannot feel all the many feelings,
emotions when you need to make him feel all these emotions.
Until you know how to behave and speak in a language that speaks to his
imagination, you will do what most girls do. Behave irrational and it will all go
against his imagination.
You will use logic, pretend to be a friend and do lots of small talks and you think
you got all the time in the world but along comes a girl who knows what I am
saying and grabs his imagination and you are done.
You’re not the only girl on this planet.
Therefore he can never be excited to want to be with a girl who is talking to him in
a logic boring safe passive way.
A good looking girl may able to get him but in the end, his imagination will
always go against her and he will imagine something else.
Until that is this girl learns that language and most will never learn it because
whoever they know, whatever they read, whoever they associate with….won’t
know how to do it.
And their own insecurities always pulls these girls back because she got to be a
“good girl,” and “princess.” Then be so but don’t expect it to happen. The world
makes way for those who know what they want and know how to get what they
want.
There we go.
His imagination.
8.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I step-up my nipple play game?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. First, Some understanding about Nipples
Nipples are packed with nerve endings which makes them extremely responsive
when they are touched. When stimulated/touched/caressed, they ﬁll up with
blood and they can take strong stiumulation when close to orgasm.
The key is to start gradually and slowly increase the intensity.
You want to imagine like boiling water, it doesn’t happen on the spot but gradual
heat until boiling point and sensitive to touch as well as…clamping.
The areola is a sensitive area….

For some women, more sensitive than the nipples and this is where knowledge
can help you a lot. Most guys focus on the nipple itself and go too soon to the
nipple when they need to work around the areola area ﬁrst.
The most sensitive area is the upper area, so when you start with playing with her
nipple, you need to pay close attention to this area too with licking, blowing,
using the tip of your ﬁngers and later, ice to warm methods too.

The size of the breast doesn’t determine nipple sensitivity, so if you’re girlfriend
has small breasts, she will still feel the pleasure and you will still enjoy pleasuring
her.
2. Communication
The key is when experimenting is she needs to talk to you to say what works.
Without communicating it’s not going to happen.

Work it to help her feel comfortable, converse about it, talk about sex together,
make it an open conversation so she can feel comfortable to talk with you on
what gives her pleasure the most.
It’s the reason why I talk about sex alot with my lovers.
Some ﬁnd it diﬃcult to express and take longer and some don’t. Every woman is
diﬀerent but by commuicating with each other openly and having fun expressing
one self, sharing, ﬂirting, teasing in a positive way…to help both of you.
I am always leading when it comes to sex in regards to speech, sexually
verbalising, text, images with text, and even way in beginning when approaching
before dating and behaving as a lover.
I do that for a reason which is to show to women, no matter if they judge, that
there is nothing they can say or desire that will be new to me or embarrass me or
her. I also do so to ﬁlter out women who I will give automatic rejection anyway
due to their own hangups and perception.
3. Sexual tension. The Imagination.
Foreplay and sex isn’t just about the bedroom, it’s you stimulating all her senses.
You do that with her imagination ﬁrst.

Just by my words, a women body shakes with sensations known and unknown, to
such her pussy is dripping wet and this is without touch.
It starts in the mind.
So you need to know how to do this and you can role play outside, you can do it
with texting, phone, conversation face to face without touching, to such when
you do meet or reach home, she is on ﬁre.
Combining them all is going to really turn on the heat in making her body hypersensitive that if you touch her nipples softley, it is like electricity bolts shooting
through her entire body.
Make sure you do plenty of sexual teasing before meeting, to increase sexual
tension by speaking and using words to paint images in her mind. You can use
texing with gif sexual animated images as well.

WhatsApp is really great in using gif images and also you can record your own
voice as well to tease and turn each other on.
Now to the rest and we start with the obvious..
4. Tongue and Lips
When you did step one and you foreplay as well, her breasts swelles and nipples
harden because she will want to touch herself.
Her body is going to go be sensitive, a lick on her erogenous zones can be like
gasoline on ﬁre.

Start from her earlobes, travel to her neck, collar bone.
Like you’re spreading the ﬁre inside right down to her breasts. Use tongue to lick
gently, twirl around the breast, around the nipple, where the areola is.
Avoid going to the nipple straight away and let her feel the sweet pleasure and
pain of wanting the hard stuﬀ later on.
Lick around the breasts like your tracing a path.
Wet your ﬁngers by letting her suck them as part of the experience and massage
the areola area, round and round, opposite direction, remember the top areola
area is very sensitive and then under her breasts, and around her breasts.
Gradually work to her nipples, twirling tongue on all sides, moving onto the tip of
her nipples and then sucking to…..biting.
5. Feather
The slightest touch when nipples stimulated can make even a feather give a
woman incredible pleasure.

Again trace a path down her neck, middle of her breasts, around her breasts, and
around her nipples and then on her nipples.
In fact, if she likes being tied, tie her up with handcuﬀs and do this.
You don’t have to use feather. You can use brushes that are used for cosmetic
makeup. The large soft ones.
6. Ice, ice Baby…
Use ice and again, don’t go straight to the breasts but circle her lips, down to her
chin, travel down to her kneck, collar bone, down to he breast and then same you
did with your tongue…do so with the ice.

Use diﬀerent patterns, circular motion around her areola and full breasts,
between her breasts, and tease her to gradually go to the tip of her nipples and
circle all around it.

I use ice for woman’s pussy as well, sucking her pussy with ice.
So you can travel down…down…her belly, circle her belly button, go down
between her thighs but don’t go straight to her pussy and instead outside, circle
motion, teasing with the ice and your ﬁngers…and to her pussy.
You can even do that before you touch her nipples and just tease all around her
breasts and around her nipples and work your way down, and then go up
following the path to her nipples.
Keep listening to her body, to her breathing, rhythm and expressions on her face.
Look at her ﬁngers, to see them go into ﬁsts or tying knots to the silken cool
bedsheets.
7. Hot..Hot Baby
You got the cold with ice but now you can also use the hot with Candle wax. That
will also give a diﬀerent sensation. You apply heat by dripping hot wax from a
candle onto her nipples.

8. Wand Vibrator
We haven’t even got to the clamping and yet, you can see there are many ways to
ﬁrst gradually turn on the heat and one of them is using a Wand Vibrator…

I’d go for the Hitachi standard wand vibrator and deﬁnitely get the velocity
adapter which you will have to buy seperately.
Together it is a great sexy toy for using on the nipples. Start it on the lowest and
pace it up gradually.
You now got her nipples really sensitive and it’s time to really turn on the heat to a
diﬀerent level with…clamping in diﬀerent ways..
9. Clothespin
The great thing with them is they are not expensive while nipple clamps
depending on what you buy and the variations available can be expensive. You
don’t need batteries or electricity with clothespin techniques.

The wood clothespin are more kinder than the plastic ones. I suggest you get the
wooden ones and you can customize them.
Also get the thicker ones instead of the thin ones as the thin ones have sharp
edges and can also can be spikey which you don’t want. These are available in
thicker ones as well which I found to be the best.
You can increase the grip by wrapping the end part you will clamp on the nipples
with an elastics band and decrease the pressure in diﬀerent ways. There are
serveral methods and you can read details I found here…
How to Use Clothespins
When using them, the best thing is to remove them and let all the blood ﬂow back
into the nipples regularly (every 15-20 minutes), then put the clothespins back
on. She’ll feel a a throbbing ache in the nipples :)
More on this website which isn’t my own but it can be helpful…
How to Use Clothespins
10. Adjustable Pressure Nipple Clamps
The key isn’t just adding the nipple clamps but to adjust to increase the pressure
and then to decrease the pressure. Doing all the work before on her nipples and

increasing and decrease the pressure is where the pleasure is at. You’re going to
hear the whimpers, moans and groans of ecstasy.

11. Nipple Electric Clamps
The electric nipple clamps have diﬀerent levels. Like a vibrator, you can increase
the level. So if she wants to go further, well, now you really can.

4.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you handle a woman who is playing hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would..
1. Have a shower
2. Bang some aftershave when done
3. Bang some fresh clothes
4. Get my jacket on
5. Call one of the numbers of women I got on my phone
6. Meet her and probably she’ll have a female friend there too
7. Have a threesome
8. Then have a shower
9. Head up to some night club
10. Probably get some more numbers
11. End it with some awesome Fries and Kebab if it’s a cheat day
See. Pretty damn easy when you got options.
15.7k Views · View Upvoters

What type of body do girls like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So one of my friends, he asked “what type of body do girls like,” to ﬁnd us turning
a corner and girl was dating this fat guy. Then we saw a girl dating a skinny short
guy.
Then we saw a girl walking about holding hands with this tall guy and she’s
shorter, and then a tall girl who was kissing a shorter guy.
This kept going and he was seeing girls dating, kissing, stroking, walking about
with diﬀerent type of guys.
“I suppose,” I said, “life just bitch slapped you hard, didn’t it?”
And left him at the bus stop waiting for his bus while I disappeared into the
crowd of next batch of tube train travellers.
10.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a friend always depend on the same person for a
ride, then suddenly not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She knows you’re attracted to her and she doesn’t want to get close
anymore.
2. She said she did it for you and her…meaning…she doesn’t want anything
sexual and romantic to happen because she doesn’t see you in that way.
Also felt that’s what you might be thinking and so she had to show she
doesn’t see you in that way.
3. She found also someone else, another nice guy to catch a ride until she
has a bunch of them to stash in her stable for future standbys, when
nothing works out in relationship wise in future.
;)
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How would you handle the situation in which a girl is obsessed
with you without hurting her feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I am attracted to the girl, I am ﬁne with girl being obsessed by me. No problem.
When I am attracted to a girl, and I say I am, I don’t give a shit if a girls obsessed. I
expect it. Love it.
But if I am not attracted to her, then two things have happened.
1. I lead her on which I never do anyway.
2. She’s attracted to me but didn’t tell me and now I found out.
Therefore, I’d just be straight with her because nothing you can do, to avoid
someone to get hurt or dissappointed.
Rejection is hard even for most of people who are strong emotionally. It’s just
they don’t show it.
So just say it, but be kind, be calm and she will grow. Just be polite, don’t say
anything negative about her.
“I am ﬂattered but I am not looking for a serious relatiionship right now.”
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

The woman I fancied told me I was ''belittling'' her while I had
no such intention. I am highly surprised. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called…the devalue technique.
They compliment you ﬁrst and then later on you meet them again, try the
devaluing technique.
In other words, making you feel insecure about yourself, get you to grovel, put her
on a pedestal. She is insecure herself and self sabotaging because she believes all
guys want sex blah blah.
Ignore. Ignore. Walk away.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

If you had been on only one date with someone but you've
texted each other every day, is that considered a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget social norms and how people put a stamp to make themselves feel
important with labels. If you and the one you are dated see each others as lovers,
in a relationship…..then it’s a relationship.
Take a look here
Adam Taha's answer to Why don't younger guys want to commit even if
seemingly interested following a ﬁrst date that went well?
What the world thinks, society, or anyone else doesn’t really matter. Labels are
just that. Trying to ﬁt in with their social peers than focusing on what is far more
important….the connection between you and the other person.
So whatever you both decide, then that’s what it is.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most frustrating thing about dating in your
culture?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In culture I was born in?
You can’t date!
I come from strict religious family. Well they were when I was younger but I didn’t
wait for that to change and I really didn’t care about waiting for the community to
change or society either.
But in culture steeped with religion and rules, you can’t date, sit alone with a girl,
touch, kiss, hold hands, sex, relationship except when married.
They did ﬁnd some loop hole, and invent engagement but even then you can’t be
on your own with each other but some are ﬂexible.
No sex. No physical touch before marriage.
Even though that is so, many do so secretly but most don’t really have the balls to
follow through. Some guys and girls in community would date secretly, do all that
falling in love thing but then it leads nowhere because they knew it would lead
nowhere and that’s when you hear..
“I can’t do this anymore because parents are marrying me oﬀ and won’t agree to
us being together blah blah blah.”
So from community I came from, it’s prohibited and there are other rules to it as
well. I’ve seen many marry and unhappy and some, well ﬁnd themselves just
going with ﬂow. Some work out and some just don’t,
I personally didn’t want anything to do with it and just followed my own path and
I even don’t bother with western social norms and fallacies of dating either
because these too are a pain in neck, and really makes thing slow, awkward and
leaves room to be played and frustrated.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people ask if I have a girlfriend if they know I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know mate because man, I never had anyone in my life ask me that. They
be not bother because if ever they did ask it go like this..
Person - do you have a girlfriend
Me - You mean a girl who is a friend or girl who we have sex?

Person - Girl you have sex and relationship kind of thing.
Me - Black or white?
Person - Erm, whatever your preference
Me - Porn star woman or jus regular type of girl friend
Person - WFT! Girlfriend, you know regular girlfriend!
Me - One who likes Anal, double penetration or one that doesn’t?
Person = Whatever Adam! Just sex, whatever she likes
Me - Girl who likes rough sex, tied up and spanked and ﬂogged or not?
Person - FUCK ME! You know, a girlfriend, dating, the lot, or not
Me - Bisexuals or not, or girl who likes gangbanging, threessome?
Person - whatever she likes, whatever man, she tell me…
Me - Yeah but what date, Monday, tuesday, wed, thursday, fri. sat, sunday type?
Person - ANY DAY! ANY!
Me - Wait. What was your question again
Person - ?$%!”$%!

But I never had anyone ask me such question but then again, I attract smart and
mature people.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

She only texts me to ask academic questions, many times,
nothing more, but accepts having lunch with me every time.
What does it mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you are a passive-aggressive guy who wants to get between her legs and
so you don’t make a move, and think like most guys, the girl will say she wants to
date you.
If you wasn’t attracted to her, didn’t give a shit about her looks, pussy, tits and
ass, and all those fantasies in your head you’d not bother.
You’d not help her with acadamic questions and tell her to do her own research
the way I do with any women who does that with me and women I am attracted to
I show immediate intent, ﬂirt, etc and behave as a lover.
And so everything happens, because you let it happen.
It’s the Nice Guy approach.
No one does anything to you except when you let them.
And of course she’s going to say yes, because she thinks you’re a friend and
because you didn’t take action and leading with it this way will probably will turn
out that way when you do…ask…her…out.
Because she don’t want to lose the emotional support and friendship, and feel
awkward about it and say..
“Oooh erm, I don’t see you that way but as a friend. Let’s keep it that way.”
And girls, they know this shit like the back of their hand. Frome early age, they
use their feminity to get what they want from guys who so into them, crushing
into them, and use them and then guy starts whining about why he doesn’t get
some or why she is does this and that.
She does it because you let it.
That’s why.

So if you don’t want to, say no and if you want to date her, move fast and stop
wasting time, or she might already categorised you as…a..friend…like a brother
and no girl likes to date a guy that is like her brother.
Escalate and ﬁnd out, ask her out on a date not lunch and then you’ll see for real
where you stand but avoid in the future when you are attracted to go a girl to do
things like that.
Instead approach, ﬂirt and lead to asking girl out.
Or you will be building comfort and she can comfort from any guy.
Make your move and do it soon.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

A girl asked a guy how he knows about her birthday, what
should the guy say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason that question is asked because the guy is so into impressing the girl.
What? You think she’s only girl on this planet if she dioesn’ feel ﬂattered and act
like she’s a princess being stalked?
Just tell her and if is all feeling it’s creepy, good. She’s already got negative shit in
her head anyway.
Girl - how do you know my birthday?
Me - Because I get notiﬁed about things like that on Facebook
Girl - Oh so you read my my proﬁle
Me - It’s social media, what about it?
Girl - Just you know..
Me - No that’s your dirty mind right there. Now chill, it’s not a big fucking deal.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when the woman says, "I'm not the right
woman for you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s saying it to let you down easily to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness. She
doesn’t see you in a sexual and romantic way, but she isn’t going to say that. So
she says it in a way to lessen the blow and for you to not go ape shit as well.
Do yourself a favour, don’t hope things and start being this guy who stays orbiting
around her and then start talking about why women friendzone. Just move on
and keep your distance.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Am I intelligent if I get 50+ answers on my Quora question?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

An intelligent person won’t be asking this question.
An intelligent person won’t base their intelligence on something so superﬁcial.
1k Views · View Upvoters

If I feel attracted to a girl in high school, should I wait before
asking them out for a date, or should I immediately ask them
out?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You - I think I will wait
Life - WTF for?
You - Well, till time is ready
Life - Ready for what?
Life - Do you think you’re the only guy who sees her?
You - Oh
Life - Exactly! Look around. There are lots of other guys
Life - Lots of other girls too
Life - And a guy can right now approach her. You’re not the only guy in town.
You - Shit! I better ask her now!
Life - You think Einstein?

You’re not the only guy in town and if you wait, you are only making the
opportunity wide open for someone else to ask her.
If she says no, move on and approach others because she is only one girl, and so
don’t fall for all this “I love her.” You don’t know her and it’s best to avoid waiting
to invest less in thinking about it.
You get hurt less.
Invest less.
Approach and ﬁnd out and if no, move on.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't younger guys want to commit even if seemingly
interested following a ﬁrst date that went well?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl -OMG! Sex was awesome
Me - Yes, but there’s more. Let’s check restaurant to eat
Girl - Just wanted to ask you something though
Me - Yes?
Girl - Why don’t you commit?
Me - You mean imagining lots of children?
Girl - Yes
Me - And marriage?
Girl - Yes
Me - With mortgage, and white picket fence house?
Girl - Yes
Me - And legal so we can fuck each over in court?
Girl - Yes..hey wait..
Me - And get lawyers rich and you become a stranger I thought I knew
Girl - No I mean..
Me - Then we ﬁght who gets the house, car, and and me paying child support?
Girl - I was just saying..
Me - And then pay for that for rest of my life?
Girl - Erm..
Me - Then hear you do what most women do call us players?
Girl - I…well…I mean..erm..
Me - Just to make us look like we cool good people in society?
Girl - Erm
Me - And daddy and mummy thinks you’re such a good girl too?
Girl - I…don’t know
Me - And you can post happy photos on Facebook, hurray you’re one of the crowd

Girl - Hmmm
Me - And then call me an Asshole and bitch all year to your mates after divorce?
Girl - I was just you know..
Me - Want a label?
Girl - Well, yeah
Me - Because you fear abandonment and think it will keep a guy?
Girl - Oh
Me - So you can say, “He’s all mine! MINE! Hands oﬀ! He’s MINE!”
Girl - I suppose so
Me - And fairytale story in which the ring binds us all?
Girl - I like Chinese or maybe Pizza
Me - Ok, great. Good talk by the way. Let’s go.

Probably because they like to wait a lot longer than they did years ago. Gain more
experience, fun and enjoy the time they can for now.
They are not going to just jump into marriage and all that so early. They want to
live a lot more without such responsibilities.
I so don’t blame the young for not committing to marriage so early either. Best
they ﬁrst live, learn, grow in experience, and invest in tons of skills and
knowledge about relationship, communication skills, maintaining skills to
increase their success in whatever they desire to do including relationships with
regards to dating.
I don’t think people see this as lack maturity either.
Many people who are mature, don’t want the norm of long-term relationships
and marriages. So that “oh because of lack of maturity,” is bullshit.
It is immature to expect young lads to want marriage at such a young age and that
even means if they are 20, 25 years old. It is also immature to even date someone
who doesn’t see themselves settling down.
So maybe sort that out and forget dating with preference of “good looking.”
Instead, compatibility, and one of them is the guy is looking for a relationship,
marriage etc but it be hard pressed with younger age.
12.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when your girlfriend doesn’t talk to you
anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If for example I talk to her and she doesn’t want to talk anymore, and I mean,
anymore…then i means..,it’s time to end this relationship which I will, and move
on.
I have no time for immaturity and I won’t be asking what it means.
Only think I ever think about is how I like to be treated and since I am not treated
in a way of respect and in a way I like, and since we are not communication
anymore, then it ends right here and now.
That’s what it will mean to me.
This is diﬀerent to when I know my lover is busy, and we understand each other
about that, then hey, no problem but we still talk but it’s hecktic, not often but
still, it’s ﬁne. It’s cool as I know there’s communicate still and it’s not immaturity.
This seems to be a class in which the guy lets girl treat him like shit and he just
plods along, fearing of losing her than thinking..

“I deserve to be treated better than this. Fuck this. We’re done.”
And he calls and ends it.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend does not want me to leave my things at his place.
What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, since you said it’s his apartment then it won’t be similar to my situations. I
live in a house but it has apartments above me as well and I got someone living
with me, it helps with rent and so on.
But I also don’t want things going missing and craziness happens.
Plus it’s always busy at my place as lots of people come for my advise and
knowledge, which is why even if someone wants to call me, I ensure they know
best time to call so I can focus on them than the distractions that’s happening all
around me.
However, yours is a diﬀerent situation and….it seems to me, either it is because
he has a girlfriend who comes to see him and he doesn’t want her to ﬁnd your
stuﬀ, and he hasn’t told you about her.
Or because he has a personality, in which he like to make sure, all the space
is about his space.
Or a psychological issue.
No one really knows.
I can only assume.
Other thing is, it might be that he doesn’t want you bringing much for chance of
leaving things behind, just in case if relationship ceases, then he has to go
through awkwardiness and conﬂict.
Maybe he has gone through past experiences and so he doesn’t want to chance it
if things does stop and he faces the feelings he felt before.
Nevertheless, is it really something in which you want to make a big deal about
from yourself as it being so important to you?
Personally, it’s his place.
He’s saying you can bring them but take them with you. It’s not an unreasonable
request. You’re not living together at this moment in time.
If that’s a red ﬂag for you, well, best communicate with him and take it from
there.
I personally won’t give a damn if it was me but I’m concerned due to lots of
people coming and someone living with me, so it can get messed up and I really
don’t want to say “oh sorry, your this and that is missing.”
He can maybe as I have done sometimes, had a place to store. Maybe talk to him
about that but I feel, there’s much to it than that but we’ll never know. Only he
knows why and well, this is his boundaries for whatever reason it maybe.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if a wrong person loves you in the very right
way?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I am not attracted to the person, it means nothing to me. It is not recipocrated
back. That’s problem with desperate people. Trying to rationalise it all.
If I am not attracted to the person, I don’t care if they love me in the right way. I
am not attracted to that person in a sexual and romantoc way, and so, I am not
interested.
A person is in this positin they put themselves in this position.
That’s how friendzone exists. You create it.
You know the person is not attracted to you or you do not show intent, and
behave in this unattractive manner, which reveals a person does not respect
themselves.
If a person knows I am not attracted to them, or I say I am not interested when
they approach in a polite manner, they should cease and move on. Nothing they
do is going to change that.
So I will say to that person, enough is enough. Move on and I will say it in a polite
manner, because there is no need to hurt someone even if you’re not attracted to
them.
Thing is, most girls, woman, when they are attracted to a guy, they mess it up
anyway. They don’t say it to the person themselves but they will say it to the
world, advertising to the whole community who they got a crush on or hide it.
Just look on Quora the question..
“Do you have a crush on someone on Quora.”
That means this is how they behave out in the world as well.
So most of what they do is hints and so, most who are infatuated by someone, and
call it love, will probably do nothing in saying, but behave in some irrational
manner, which isn’t attractive.
I really don’t like that and it’s not honest and it shows how if ever we were in a
relationship with anyone like that…. I’d have a hard time, because they’d always
be passive-aggressive, packed with so many insecurities, always hiding what they
want and I got a lot of work trying to ﬁgure out what the person wants.
So a person doing that and not even letting the person know why they do it, is
wasting their time. They can move on and be with someone who is attracted to
them and feel at peace with themselves.
If the wrong person whether it is because I am not attracted to them sexually and
romantically, there isn’t compatibility, I will say for them to move on.
568 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like modest girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this girl, she wasn’t that attractive on face and she didn’t wear much of
the trendy clothes. She was with a group of girls who were very attractive and you
would notice them easily.
I was getting to know these girls, was ﬂirting but then I saw something.
This girl saw another girl who was sitting alone, she looked down, and she left the
group of girls I was ﬂirting with.

I saw her console this girl and it’s a girl she don’t even know. One of the girls who
everyone ignores, and usually just doesn’t bother talking too.
I saw how that other girl went from looking down to having a smile on her face,
then laughing, and then she got a hug from her as a thanks for cheering her up.
She didn’t leave it there.
She got her up and brought her to group of girls who by the way didn’t behave
polite to her and I could sense the vibe.
The moment I saw that, whatever attraction I felt for these girls went away fast,
just like that. I saw them as ugly. I saw how bitchy girls can be to one another and
how insecure they can be in ﬁghting for attention.
I saw this girl who went and helped another very attractive, and I began focusing
on her.
She became my girlfriend in college and she made sure to keep in touch with the
new friend she made, and helped her. She’d do this a lot in college. See some girl
feeling down and help.
The thing is this..
Modesty is not about clothes.
This is a myth and which is spread all over the world from acient religions. Much
of the norms we follow in society comes from acient religions. Even bed time
stories are really horror stories reﬁned to make money, but really, everything
from touch wood, santa, valentines, xmas, halloween, soul mates, and so much
more is acient religion.
Modesy is a myth that was designed to make girls feel insecure about their own
sexuality, their body and it has a long history in which “modesty” has been
corrupted through the centuries by religions, politicians and other powerful
people to control society.
Modesty way back had nothing to do with body functions/sex and the type of
clothes you wear.
Her wearing non trendy clothes wasn’t what was attractive for me. It can be
someone who can’t aﬀord clothes. It can be someone who just can’t be assed
about their own grooming.
It can be someone who stays up late and wakes up, in a rush and bangs whatever
on. Even with “she’s not showing oﬀ,” because it maybe she’s shy anyway and you
never know, she might be a bitch inside.
You don’t judge a book by it’s cover and yes, I know we judge appearances but I
am so careful in looking at behaviour and consistent behaviour. This girl was
consistent through and through.
There was much more about her….
It was her behaviour that revealed who she is.
She could be wearing trendy clothes and I’d be into her. It was her behaviour that
revealed modesty not her clothes. She could be wearing short skirts and breasts
out but the way she talks to people, elders, anyone, caring, gets me attracted to
her.
It was that humble personality towards other human beings.
The way she would save up her clothes and give them to charity. The way she
would help other girls and not judge guys with labels either.

It was the way she saw the world, her perspective which was not dark but kind,
and her attitude is where she believed change can’t happen by changing world
but yourself.
She learnt the hard way when she tried to help her own friends that you can get
sucked in so deep, and you have no life for yourself, which really is toxic.
You need balance.
It was her…behaviour in how she interacted with others and if she saw something
she really didn’t like and it was harming someone else, even if she had to go
against her pretty obnoxious friends, she did.
It was their behaviour that turned me oﬀ them even when they were very
attractive, I felt sick in my stomache.
It wasn’t about being careful with clothes.
It’s a way of life in all areas of her life which I began to see.
That to me, is what modesty really is, not how you don’t wear certain clothes and
careful of what clothes you wear.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

I broke the heart of a serious boyfriend 25 years ago. Should I
try to apologise to him now, or let it lie?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Leave him be.
Let’s face it, when people go through years, their beauty fades…the looks and
appearances of a person, sttatus, impressing parents, and fearing loss due to
some social culture norms, and what people will say….means fuck all.
Some realise it far too late, like you have.
I suggest you move on too.
Yes, it may feel scary now doesn’t it, growing older, and probably realised,
“Shit! The person who really loved me is not with me.”
Too late. Yes, sometimes it can be too late. He probably moved on, got married
and all sorts and even then, best to not bring up old memories and wounds.
Especially if when he proposed you did all the drama, pulling all the games, and
hurting him which by the way most do because they got themselves on a
pedestals.
Just write what you want to say then…burn it.
Let him be.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

A male friend, whom I have a crush on, has recently been
staring at my chest many times. I also saw him staring at my
face intently. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So what you’re saying is, you’re really…really…really hoping you’ve done a great
job with your question, so we say..
“Yes, he thinks your so sexy, banging and he is lusting over you.”

Due to the evidence you have given me, and due to my calculation….give me a
few seconds as the numbers are coming in…..whrrrr……
Right, the answer has come in with accurate detailed answer..
It says..
“He’s a guy, he will look at your tits, but tits are tits. Doesn’t mean a guy is into
you but likes tits. And she so want the guy to see she’s hot..hot..and such a guy is
probably passive anyway, a nice guy who will never..ever…ask her out. You know,
friend guys, like a brother. But if she post her photo and with how she its with her
tits and cleavage, we can give a proper evaluation.”
There we go.
I should really get this massive machine of mine designed really small and sell it
to you women.
I’d make millions out of it.
In fact, I’d be a billionnaire!
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like it when a girl shows a lot of her materialistic things
on social media?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally..
1. I am not attracted to girls who bang selﬁes on social media and all I see is
that. I can’t stand that shit. All I see is selﬁes and nothing really about
her in what she’s contributing to world or lives, or anything. And the
pouting lips, christ, just doesn’t do much for me at all.
2. It’s a turn oﬀ for me seeing a girl showing materialisic things, on social
media.
Now if I see a girl got passion about something like art, dancing, music, design,
and she’s doing something about it, or science, etc, well, now we are talking. I can
see the real her revealing itself.
But rarely I see that.
It’s just selﬁes and photos of food, cars, hair, cosmetic, and well, those don’t do
much for me.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Are girls not attracted to me because I'm skinny and short?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You’re question already tells me you haven’t got a clue about girls. In most
guys if not all, who get coached, they haven’t even the basic fundamentals, never
mind skills.
There’s a few guys I know who are short and skinny, and they attract girls but
they had to sort the shit out in their head. Far too many guys ask too many
questions and haven’t done much to approach girls.
Guaranteed right now, you haven’t done and have these understanding..
1. You haven’t approached 50 girls. Not a chance. Most guys who ask this
question fear rejection like it’s the plague.

2. Lack of understanding on psychology regarding girls and even basics of
human nature.
3. Lack of experience in social skills, conversations skills and I don’t mean
then bullshit small talk most do today. I’m talking the conversation and
social skills that make girl go wild with lust over a guy.
4. Lack of understand then process, knowing what works, why it works ie.
attraction phase, qualifying phase, comfort phase, seduction.
5. Being able to put these together with approaching, to conversation,
texting and adapt real fast to any social environments.
If someone got the 4th, no damn way he’d ask this questions and will be ripping
right now because he ﬁgured it out that it’s not about tall or skinny, as there are
many, far too many girls on this planet and enough who will date short and
skinny but such a guy will never meet them because he’s far too slow on
approach, needy, and fears rejection.
He over thinks and ill prepared.
It’s like a commander telling the soldier to walk into a battle with bows and
arrows against tanks, ﬁghter planes and bullets. No chance.
Yes, looks do matter but not the way you think when you can date girls because
there are girls out there who haven’t this preference of tall and this and that.
Many girls who are fed up dating dick heads and just want a guy that they can
have something that’s tight and right for them, than being played.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some tips you can give to a shy woman who wants to
meet men, but is bad at ﬂirting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re shy and on top, you’ll be worried about all those labels such as…
Too easy
Slut
Whore
But here’s the thing. If the guy thinks you’re too easy or slut, or whore, WTF you
want to date that prick for anyway?
That’s how I see it.
If a girl thinks I am a player, asshole, blah blah, when I approach and then I won’t
give a fuck about her opinion. She can think whatever she wants. She can think I
only care about her pussy, to pound her ass, or whatever she wants.
I really don’t care because I know one thing.
The law of Predictability.
The more I approached diﬀerent girls with this mindset, the quicker I ﬁltered
these girls to get to the one who…get it. You know, they gey what it’s about. They
apprecciate a guy has the balls to just get on with it.
It’s so predictable that when you do that, it happens. You just reﬁne, improve as
you go along to get better and get lots of Yes.
While girls and guys over think, worried about social pressure, blah blah, I just do
it again and again and again.
I do what I want not what society wants.

By the time a guy or a girl did anything, I’d have already approached 20–30 and
got a yes and done. Plus, I learnt far more, my conﬁdence is sky high and I know a
lot more than most who wait all year to make a move.
The ﬂirting you already know.
You’re just fearing what other people think of you and being passive.
Let go of the baggage and just do it.
If someone judges you on going for what you want, they are not the type of
person to want in your life anyway.
Don’t be afraid to get a no. Let them go and keep going to other guys.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What animal species have the cutest babies?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have a garden and next to this garden is another big garden, and right there are
some friends I’ve grown to know. Foxs. Now this photo isn’t of them but just to
give you an idea what I saw.
There are four of them…when I ﬁrst saw them. They have grown and I only see
one fox now who comes to visit.

In my gardern is a wall and every night, which has been going now for a while, a
fox would walk on tha wall and…wait.
It’s like a ﬂat kind of roof.
Once in a while, he’ll stand there and light outside will go on. That’s my cue you
see, to take a cup of tea, go outside and sit down on chair.
He or she looks at me, and then sits as well.
For 10 mins we’ll be like that and then the fox will get up, look at me one more
time and walk away back into the garden on other side.
Sure, I can take a photo with my mobile phone but…you know when you just
want to enjoy what is happening, through your own eyes not a lens. You want to
enjoy the moment.
That’s why I don’t take the photo.
The way he looks at me, with those eyes, I don’t feel like taking the photo.
I have only seen the cubs once but I think the fox created like a hole in other
garden, and I’d hear new cubs being born over the years that have been by. You
know when they all grown and left. You don’t hear the crying sound anymore and
playful ﬁghting.
382 Views · View Upvoters

What do I say to a guy who says he wants to “do me up the a**”?
He said this online.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s attractive is he? So if he wasn’t, you won’t give a shit and just move on but
because he’s attractive you got to think about it a lot and ask people what they
think you should.

Guaranteed if he wasn’t attractive, you’d do what most women do and call him
creep, perv and all rest but since he’s attractive, oooh well, very diﬀerent. Most be
something one does that is written in some secret rule book if a guy is attractive.
He is attractive and so he doesn’t care if you feel uncomfortable because you are
not the only one he be talking to. He will have plenty of girls and that means he
has options.
He’ll be getting laid tonight, believe because he’s…attractive and most girls who
crave so much to be validated on how atttactive they are, won’t over think a lot
about it when…it’s…an attractive guy.
If he wasn’t, you’d slam that block button instantly.
Don’t get me wrong.
I will tell a girl I want to fuck her ass too. In fact I do a lot more too but I build
rapport ﬁrst, get to know her and ensure she is sexually conﬁdent like me, who
likes sex, and who isn’t looking down at it and I also don’t care if a girl feels this
and that how I am sexual guy or asshole etc.
However, I like a girl to feel comfortable as well, as it’s important for me the
experience from begining and onwards is great, fun, exciting for both of us and if
we click, hey, relationship on horizon, so awesome.
If not, no big deal.
The key is this..
What do you want in a guy?
Are you uncomfortable about sex because it’s some new guy?
Or is it because you got insecurities about sex?
You decide what it is and then let the guy know how to communicate with you.
It’s called boundaries but also he has the right to dissappear as well and if he
does, he’s not an asshole, jerk, a perv, a creep but just a guy who knows what he
wants and he’s not going to prat about being a nice guy pretending.
If that’s the type you want, awesome.
If not, awesome.
Just know what…you want and how you want to be treated but also respect the
other person in not judging them for their behavuour as they are saying to you
exactly what they look for and want, and nothing wrong with it.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get girls to go out with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t befriend her. That’s deception, manipulation and it is passive. You will
waste a lot of time.
The ﬁrst thing to understand is this..
You don’t get girls going out with you. Stop thinking about “getting” or you’re
going to do what passive men do, weak mean do, doing things to get by being
friends with girls being an imposter to what you want.
The ﬁrst is….capture her emotions and her imagination.
You don’t do that by ‘getting’ and manipulation, going under radar because the
heart doesn’t pound, race, by some guy being a friend.

He is exciting because he has sexual appeal.
He’s conﬁdent in showing his intent to girl and knows how to and those who
don’t, will be passive, putting a girl on a pedestal.
There is no “one” girl and so don’t put her on a pedestal like she’s the one. You’re
ﬁrst priority is learning, doing and getting good at it and you can’t by befriending
girls.
So approach, engage, bring value, learn what works to arouse, to capture girls
emotions and imaginations, for girls to desire you, become lustful over you, and
you don’t get that by behaving in some platonic manner.
Forget dating for now and getting yes but rather just approach have fun. Be in a
learning mode and stay away from trying to be friends. Behave as a lover not
some like her brother or pal.
Learn ﬁrst to approach girls and engage, learn to do that, engage, arouse, and
move on to other girls and get better at it, because right now, you’re probably
haven’t even approached many girls and over thinking too much.
4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad idea to name your child after a ﬁctional character?

 http://www.avclub.com/article/game-thrones-khaleesi-now-more-popular-baby-name-b-203…
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it is.
I’m not a guy who wants more children, I already got a son and he’s all grown up
and I know the eﬀects a name can have.
I always thought about his experience in school, college, university, job and life a
child will have. I looked further ahead.
You won’t believe the hard time a child can get from just a name. I wish parents
really think about that and stop with trying to up everyone else, doing it to
impress or using it as a way to say who they are.
And doing names that’s so diﬃcult to pronounce.
This is about the child and so name the child with a name that doesn’t give them
a hard time. Don’t be clever with it and give room as well, if they want to change it
later on, they can.
You won’t believe the shit many I knew went through because parents went and
named them after some actor, or movie star, or something else.
Please, don’t name your child after a ﬁctional character but a name with
understanding your son or daughter is going to be out in world, and he or she, is
going to have their name called out in class.
Don’t make it hard for them.
Life is already hard in school and everywhere else.
Last thing they need is a name that causes them to cringe and attracts unwanted
attention that they really don’t need in their life.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe that you can change the mind of a woman who is
not very attracted to you and has rejected your advances?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if I believe or not, I won’t waste my time.
In other words, I have self respect and I don’t supplicate to women. A woman has
one opportunity to say yes she is interested and behaves as such, and if she says
no then I move on.
She’s not worth my time after that.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

He slept with me and now he is ignoring me. What should I do
now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No one got used.
You BOTH slept with each other.
You wanted something from him and he wanted something from you. From day
one, girls want this thing called relationship, the validation they so crave for but
in being with a guy, you forego that immediately no matter what society tells you
with their bullshit.
So every relationship has a risk and you’d expect that, you don’t know the person
is going to be interested long-term.
There is no guarantee when you sleep with a guy or don’t sleep with him. Sex
doesn’t keep a guy nor does it push a guy, except if girl was really terrible at sex or
guy is terrible at it and it creates major awkwardiness later.
Relationships of any kind doesn’t come with any guarantees. That must always be
in the cards rather than expectations most have.
Now, I do agree his behaviour afterwards is pathetic if he is ignoring you but in
regards to anything else, you…BOTH…slept with each other. He has the right as
you do, to not want anymore to do with each other but do it civil, and he hasn’t
done it civil.
What to do now?
Well, move on and don’t chase him. If you saw him, said hi and he ignored you,
then don’t chase. Move on.
Avoid telling your life story to people around you and texting everyone else.
You did nothing wrong. You slept with a guy. That’s natural. Nothing wrong with
you. Just move on. Take it as an experience to learn from and get better at
selecting guys for more than their looks.
36.9k Views · View Upvoters

What you would say to your partner if she/he asked you, “If you
knew that your life would be better if you got another partner,
would you leave me?”
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I wouldn’t be with a girl like that anyway. In fact, many of these kind of
questions never happened to me and looking at who answers them as well,
reveals why.
The only reason a girl asks that question is due to some past negative history and
also, if she is asking that to me, I haven’t done enough a good job to ensure I know
her before every being in relationship with her as a partner.

I date girls who are mature enough to not ask this kind of question. A girl doesn’t
become my partner, just like that. I’d know something and she’d know my
boundaries as well and asking this kind of question, is a no, no for me.
I believe in living in the moment and a helluva lot of maturity as well.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Does it mean anything when a guy oﬀers you coﬀee?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called being polite. I do it on automation.
When I am at home or at work, or even at cafe and someone is walking in with, I
ask..
“So you want some coﬀee, what you like?”
It only means something when you do something about it, which looking at your
question, you won’t because only passive people ask such questions.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I convince girls at my public school to dress modestly?
I really want to inﬂuence them to have more dignity. I am a
male orthodox Jew.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You sure want to live dangerously, don’t you?
One guy ﬁnd out the hard way.
The guy thought he’d preach his values in telling a girl what to wear and talk
about modesty.
He found himself with 3 brothers waiting outside school for him. One of the
brothers, the eldest ﬂew from anther country to deal the business.
You don’t need to try hard to imagine what happened to that guy,
That’s what you are forgetting.
You’re minding someone else’s family business. This is not your family and it is
not your business.
Don’t make it so or you open the door for others to intefere into yours.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How would you react if your girlfriend asked, "Would you ever
hit me?"
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - would you ever hit me?
Me - I did last week on your ass with spank tool
Girlfriend - I don’t mean like that
Me - And what about time when I ﬂogged your ass and you was “Ooh Daddy,
Harder! HARDER..OOOH MORE DADDY! MORE!!”
Girlfriend - Hahaha! Stop it! You’re making me blush. I know, I was so horny
and….wait! I don’t mean that though.
Me - I know what you mean. Would you hit me?
Girlfriend - Of course not
Me - Then you got nothing to worry about, do you?

Me - By the way….look what I bought?
Girlfriend - Oh shit! Nipple clamps with chain!
Me - Oh yeah and…
Girlfriend - OMG! A Cat leather sexy suit!
Me - Hahaha, tonight is going to be rocking
Girlfriend - I so fucking love you. YES!
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What will be your reaction when a girl wants you to be with her
during her periods?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My reaction will be this. I will ask when it is and she tells me and so I know which
week. Then whenever I visit her, she will open the door.
And she will open up to see me wear..
1. This helmet

2. I will for sure be wearing a mouth guard too…

3. She will deﬁnitely see me wearing the football gear for body protection when
she turns into She Hulk because I turned the TV channel over.

4. And I will wear protection. No, not that kind of protection. I mean the one that
protects your balls when she loses it and starts doing kicks to your balls, and says
it is due to her period…

That will be my reaction and now she can lose it in that week and I will be chilling
as she does whatever.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why have girls started to put chokers around their neck? I
personally think it looks stupid and unappealing, but why do
girls use it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jun 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why do so many teenage girls wear chokers?

Feast your eyes then on this amazing, incredible reason that will get my name
even in the Guinness book of records for my amazing genius mind…

Then it takes an amazing twist but it always goes back to the same incredible
psychological position….she LIKES it and buys it.
See for yourself this amazing formula…..

But then something remarkable happens as she experiences this journey. Yes, by
george this is an amazing discovery of pure science genius…

Through some complicated scientiﬁc process testing were done to ﬁnd out other
reasons and always this genius answer keeps appearing.
I was so excited I had to send it to some science magazine to publish my ﬁndings.
They said it was so amazing that they cannot publish the ﬁndings as it will make
so many scientists jealous and cause a riot.
So I will share with you these ﬁndings here instead..

There we go. The reason why girls wear the choker.
Sure, maybe some trend comes into it and because it is a fun way to send a
message to world she’s a rebel but as we dig deep, the answer is always goes back
to…feeling. Feeling good.
Because girls like wearing it.
14.5k Views · View Upvoters

I want to break the ice with this girl that I like. She is interested
too! But we don't have any common classes. So how should I
approach her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. here’s what you do.
1. Just grab some ice cubes.
2. Walk right up to her at cafeteria time.
3. Slam them down on table
“I wanted to talk to you but was wondering how to break the ice with you. Now we
have something in common. We hate lame ass pick up lines.” (Grin)
There we go.
You’re over thinking too much like she’s on a pedestal.
It’s not about ﬁnding commonalities.
That’s fear talking and you lacking tons of experience.
It’s about keeping it fun and enjoy yourself and stop putting girls on pedestals.
Like you need something common to approach and chat.
You don’t but if you want something in common..
1. She has fears. So do you.
2. She has insecurities. So do you
3. She has hopes. So do you.
4. She has expectations. So do you
5. She has dreams. So do you
6. She has worries. So do you
7. She jumps, when you slam ice on table. So will you.

So we all have these in common, in that we feel these and any talk about
commonalities is you…thinking you need some cool shit to talk to some girl, who
by the way, probably never going to date, marry, have a house, with a white picket
fence and you’re blowing everything out of proportion.
You might not even like her attitude or personality, or something else when you
get to know her in 5 mins chat.
So forget the big picture.
Forget you need anything to say hi and talk and just go and just do it.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I keep a woman interested in me? Lots of women are
interested in me at ﬁrst, but get bored with me quickly. Is it
because I’m not funny?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Funny, anyone can get. You can write funny shit and talk funny and all that is ok
for online. It’s ok for a talk here and there oﬄine.
It’s ok if you want lots of votes, likes and shares.
I can put a good looking face of a guy right now or a woman, and write some
funny shit, and I will get tons of votes.
It’s not going to get me dates and nor get laid, or relationships with women. I
know. I tested this shit out.
Here’s the problem.
You are going right to comfort phase instead of attraction ﬁrst. You avoid starting
with comfort phase and ensure ﬁrst intent is there between both of you.

Intent is that you show you’re attracted to woman and she now must show she is
attracted to you or you do not go any further.
You do not approach women you are attracted to to give comfort as emotional
support showing her you’re a guy who supplicate to her, showing you are strong
man who can emotionally support her.
That’s relationship talk and it’s what needy men do and needy women do, and
women also who like using men do.
They want emotional support they got families, relatives, mums and dads,
friends and i’m sure you are not wanting to be that, do you?
You show strength in showing intent not hiding it and knowing how to do so
conﬁdently and knowing when to walk away as well, if a woman isn’t interested
or behaving in a manner you like.
Comfort is not what you lead with.
That’s not attraction.
You avoid invest tons on woman and instead less because she needs to ﬁrstshow
her intent to you. If she doesn’t, no need to go any further with her and move on.

You are probably doing all that comfort talk due to fear of rejection.
You go oﬀ approaching with comfort and you screw yourself over.
Person gets bored and will also frame you as nothing more than a guy who is
going to be in friend category.
Interests. Topics. What you do are known as…detals.
That’s for comfort phase.
They are not for attraction phase.
Any guy can approach and talk about interest. Plenty of them and plenty of
women who do that and bore the shit out of me.
They dont get I am not looking for comfort and small talk.
If you talk topics and she does as well then I promise you the conversation will
become awkward later on and it will go quiet.
Because you lead with comfort not attraction.
It’s too soon for comfort.
You’re hitting her conscious.
Concious can only do one thing at a time but unconscious can do many things,
like…FEELING lots of diﬀerent emotions and imagination, and so much more,
and so you are missing all that. The real woman who she is hiding behind her
social mask connects to that.
Those who don’t are those who are not interested in you or got baggage, or got
some agenda to use you as for emotional support.
You then are unfraid to ﬁnd out which one she is and ensure you approach with
attraction phase ﬁrst and then she needs to show she is mutual with attraction
with you.
If not, no need for all that small talk.
So, the unconscious, her imagination is not being ignited.
She is not feeling aroused when communication happens.
She’s just going with it on autopolite and both will run out of something to talk
about.
Not so when it’s attraction.
Her imagination is where?
The unconncious.
That big massive space you are not talking to.
This isn’t about bombarding with what she is interested in and what you’re
interested in. This isn’t about topics. This isn’t about interests because this isn’t
about the comfort phase.
This is…attraction phase.
Forget talk on interest and all that waﬄing talk.
You’re goal isn’t and was never about having a friend, was it?
It was sexual romantic partner.

So get real with it and arouse not bore them. Behave as a lover and stay awayu
from people afvising you need to kiss a woman’s ass, being her emotional
support.
Instead understand the primal dance.
This is about attraction not comfort.
12.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why are young women (ages 18 to 21) so ﬂakey in dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because a girl gives a number doesn’t mean it is date.
More on that later but ﬁrst..
1. Number 1…they got tons of options. That doesn’t mean they date lots of
guys because most talk full of shit, here and oﬄine. So don’t believe just
because a girl got tons of guys who can approach, she will date them.
Most girls are insecure, and most make guys run far away from them and
I have blocked many due to their behaviour afterwards.
Also they don’t know you and so the anxiety is high, the fear in their
head is now running on autopilot. We all have them but most cannot
control their emotions and so they kind of worry as their mind paint lots
of negative stories.
But yes, girls right now, at that age, they got tons of options.
2. The guy himself is lacking in knowledge, experience and skill,as well as
conﬁdence. So if he hasn’ got what is needed, she will easily forget him.
So if a guy does same what majority of guys does, imagine it then like a
pattern. It’s the same boring shit and she won’t remember the guy.
Just because a girl gave a number, doesn’t mean it’s a date.
Girls give numbers out many a times to just avoid conﬂict and
awkwardiness, to say no. So most guys think they got a girls number it’s
going to lead to a date.
Not really.
It can also mean, she can’t say no and just gives it to get rid of the guy.
3. Due to the lack of knowledge, skill and experience, guys don’t get that
sex to a girl means shit and even if it does, she will have lots of fears,
insecurities regarding it. Not all but most do.
She can get sex anywhere.
She only have to shake her ass, open her legs, or whaever, and she will
attract men like ﬂies. So sex is pretty common. She only has to dress up
and guys will be staring at her.
She only have to put a photo on here, Quora and she will get attention.
Notice how some women who write about sex, got their breasts out, got
something sexy to wear, some even thongs and you see them standing on
the beach with you looking at their ass?

You get the idea.
Nothing wrong with it either. It’s her body, she can do whatever she
wants and she’s conﬁdent in doing so, good for her who does it. She
knows how the world works and doesn’t give a damn what anyone thinks
of her showing her looks.
Therefore, if a guy is shit at projecting sexual appeal in behaviour, if he doesn’t
know how to capture girls emotions and imagination, well, he’ll deﬁnitely have
tons of girls ﬂaking him.
Girl can get sex anywhere but she cannot get that FEELING, her emotions and
imagination and a guy who knows, is the guy who attracts like it’s eﬀortless.
A guy who doesn’t, well, he’s going to ﬁnd it diﬃcult, girls ﬂaking like crazy and
he is not improving. He’ll be some needy guy who will vibe low value due to his
own behaviour.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ravin Patel

Is it cool for a girl to spend the night at her male friends place
when she has a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s best if you have a talk with your boyfriend and not society. Sit down,
communicate with him, share what your boundaries are and he shares his.
That’s the way of doing things in a mature manner when in a relationship
because society or anyone here, isn’t in relationship with your boyfriend, you are
and he is with you.
You’re in it together and so you’d talk to the one you’re in relationship with.
Everyone is going to give you what is in their belief system, their perception, their
opinions and what matters most is the opinion from you and your boyfriend,
communication together, not what is cool, what isn’t cool and what society or
norms has to say about it.
You bring society in middle then you have already fucked yourself over in any
relationship but if you learn to communicate with who you are in relationship
with, you learn a great deal about yourself, about the guy, about many things
which can help you grow and whether you stay in relationship or he stays in
relationship with you, is your business.
So best thing, sit with your boyfriend and he with you and communicate, and
come out what his boundaries is and what is yours, and then take it from there on
where you now stand and where he stands.
15 Views · View Upvoters

Why do I like men 10-20 years older than me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Apr 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because it is natural.
This is not about emotional bias but reality. It is in our biology. It’s natural for an
older man to be attracted to young women. That doesn’t mean all men will go and
do something about it but some will.
It’s only new to you and weird because you have been societally conditioned to
believe it is and start feeling something is wrong with you.
There is nothing wrong happening and nothing is wrong with you.

There is nothing to be disgusted about.
It is your preference.
There are many older men who are single, many older men who are not married,
many older men who are lovers, and so, it is for you to know ﬁrst.
1. What you want in a man
2. What don’t you want
3. And talk, converse and ﬁnd out
The disgust part comes from years of societally conditioning process which you
have been hammered with since you was born.
Societal Programming is one of the most powerful and greatest inﬂuential forces
that play in your life since the day you and I was born.
One of things it does is it conditions you to act ignorant and stupid and even try
to pass oﬀ that someone who is stupid is very intelligent.

Like a woman or a man who hear about some guy who is older dating a 20 year
old or even an 18 year old, and immediately they act stupid and try to pass oﬀ
their so intelligent by being emotionally bias and not speaking logic.
They begin using labels like peadophile because they don’t get what the word
means…
“A person who is sexually attracted to children”
A legal consented age for sex, is not a child and yet, most adults try to still try to
use their PARENT ego state, bullying, trying to push their fear on others, telling a
grow up that they are child and being manipulated.
This is society trying to dictate the norms, the rules they themselves have been
brain washed and conditioned with.
Take a look at this video and you see how one can be brain washed and most will
think this is crazy and to extreme but it shows how powerful socially
conditioning can be for a woman to live and believe in such a thing…

In Asia for example, a young girl by guidance of parents is married to older men
and there it is seen as then most natural thing.
Try go to them and say they are wrong. They’d say “mind your business! This is
our culture. This is how we do things.”
That country is societally conditioned and that way of life is now ingrained into
that society, that community, that country and culture.
But in other countries like europe, the west, it is a diﬀerent social norm as it is
frowned upon and even a woman approaching men to ask him out is still a stigma
in socoety today.
In other countries they eat dogs and cats.
So you go to them and say “this is wrong! This is cruel.”
Their reply, “You hypocrite! You eat cows. You eat sheep. You eat chicken. You
breed them and use animals and eat them.”
The reason you feel disgusted is because you too have been societally
conditioned and this conditioning is what makes you feel shame, guilt and
something is wrong with you.
Nothing is wrong with you.
This is natural.
Older men will be attracted to 20 year old women.
5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lyne Cardaza

What is the best way to start a conversation with a girl saying
that she don't like horny men?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can answer in two ways. The fun or serious.
Her - I don’t like horny men
You - Yes, same here. I’m not into horny men but into horny women as they are
sexually conﬁdent, transparent, and doesn’t care what society thinks if she likes
to be the natural sexual woman that embraces her sexuality. (Smile and talk
about something else)
The second is serious way…
I don’t see horny men or horny women, but rather people who hungry as all
people are hungry for something. Most hungry to feed their insecurities
regarding hangups on sex and I have none. Some want to impress others with
their sexual image that they don’t have sex, and masturbate in the shower and
have sex toys under their bed and don’t see a hot man and gets turned on. Some
hungry for money, others validation, to popularity, fame and power and so
everyone is hungry for something.
But if you think horny is reserved for men, then you won’t be standing here, in
front of me, because your dad and mum weren’t horny, would you?
Nevertheless…On your right, left and behind you…are lots of Nice Guys. They
would happily agree and supplicate you to impres you to get between your legs. I
won’t.

I don’t like women who are not horny, and above all…. apoloegtic about their
sexuality. Remember…you brought sex up as the topic.

She is trying to dictate sex to dangle as a carrot and frame you to be a passive man
if ever a relationship did start.
Avoid supplicating to her and speak with honesty what you think because that is
what I would say to a woman who tries that on.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why does he like me when there are so many perfect looking
girls? Is it because he can't get them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…of…how he feels when with you.
When you make a man FEEL….all the FEELINGS he so wanted to FEEL…it is like
he found diamond burning under a lava and he has to reach out, he got to
connect, he wants to feel that ﬁre again and again and over again.
The man is with you for more than looks can give..
Feeling.
Now don’t get me wrong.
Looks are important but they are not everything because if you dated as long as I
have, with many lovers, through the years, dating an exremely attractive woman
is like pissing in the wind.
It’s common.
It’s what everyone does,
It’s what everyone has.
It’s what anyone can do anywhere.
And we know where the gorgeous looks leads to soon enough..
This is bridget Bardot..

Here is the Carrie Fisher

Same with men,.
The guys most girls crush on instagram and yes, even here, voting on all their
answers are not untouchable and soon enough, these girls are going to wake up
one day from the bubble and ask..

“WTF happened?”
Reality is what happened…

Remenber Brendan Fraser?
Yes even he gets a belly and no, I don’t have it because I hit the gym 5 days a week
and I don’t eat or drink shit…

Clint Eastwood..

Now ladies, remember James Bond?
Here then is Pierce Brosnan…

This is real life. This.
You don’t see it enough on the glitter of Hollywood but this is real life.
FEELING….not every woman can make a man FEEL that certain way and not
every man can make a woman feel a certain way consistently.
It’s a feeling and most women forget that.
It is FEELING and if he doesn’t feel it often enough…someone else will and so you
got him and so you need to focus on the man and not out there.
It’s ok to feel insecure. It’s ok to feel a bit worried because that is human nature
but to focus on it…to forget what really got a man to fall for you, is going to push a
man away because he will feel…something…he doesn’t like to feel.
He doesn’t like to feel he’s competing with your insecurities.
He doesn’t like to feel he’s competiting with time.
He doesn’t like to feel he’s competing with “I am so busy.”
He doesn’t like he feels he’s competing but falling always in love with you.
It is the feeling that makes a man’s heart race, and his mind ﬁlled with
imagination of what you will do to him and how it makes him feel, and he looks
at you and he wants you, desires you, and he can’t get enough of you.
He feels certain with you and safe.
Feeling is what a man seeks, in which he is admired, in which a woman knows
how to express her feelings of romances and sexual interest, from basic to
hardcord raw and so forth.
He is with you far more than looks.
It is the deep emotional and psychological connection.
It is because…you make him feel alive, while most make him feel dead and
desperate, and needy, and always wanting and always wishing the women share
their feelings in a way he desires but they don’t and make it diﬃcult for him.
But…you…do.
Feeling in which you make him feel like he is the only man on this planet.
He feels it with you much more than he does with anyone else.

So focus on building on the attraction, making it rise like the waves, higher and
higher, to burn like blue stars in the sky.
Focus on what you have and like a woman stirring her love potion, heat it up, turn
on the heat and make it burn hotter than lava, brighter than any star, and
intensify it to make him feel the ﬁre even more to connect it all with you.
He’s with you because…..you make him feel alive.
16.2k Views · View Upvoters

Can a guy get hard by hugging?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Our cock can get hard by the slightest breeze, by the movement of our jeans and
by even a thought of an ass and the breasts dancing in space.
Yes, even a cleavage can do that.
So can a hug.
It can with the sweet voice of a woman who whimpers and moan at him with eyes
telling him she desires him.
Even seeing her shiny red lips as light from the window dance like stars on
Broadway…gives him a hard on.
He can even get a hard on seeing you licking your lips or stroking your neck.
If you even get close to him without touching him and whisper in his ear…with a
sweet tone angelic voice…
“Baby, you’re my Daddy, I have been such a naughty girl, punish me in anyway you
want.”
He’ll get a hard on.
He can wake up and it’s cold, and he will have a hard on.
But hard on to capturing his heart… that is a diﬀerent story altogether.
50.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are your regrets from high school?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was always this one girl and also a guy, who sat at the back of the class.
People were mean to them and well, treated them like the plague. I couldn’t
understand it back then or maybe I did and shrug it oﬀ.
I was also busy surviving myself and also, most of our lives is working on
autopolite and on survival mode.
I would see the girl and the guy who sat at the back of the class sit outside on their
own. When cafteria opened, they would be sitting on their own. The girl sat
somewhere else and the guy same, on their own.
Their head was always down and not looking at anyone.
They didn’t wear trendy clothes, they didn’t really stand out, they didn’t
participate with anyone and no one engaged with them.
I’d see them walk home alone like the world was on their shoulders.

When you’re at that age, you’re life is full of mostly…yourself. When you grow you
are still mostly about yourself.
By that I mean, if we are honest about ourself..
1. You do things to get validation
2. You even try and help someone to tell someone else how who you helped
someone to get validated again.
3. You are busy doing your studies, or lots of home work, and lots of it can
pile up if you leave it even for a week. It’s not easy being at school and
you even come to school drowsy, tired at times and bored shit because
teacher will teach in a way that doesn’t engage you. Not that it’s teachers
fault but it’s just not your personality language and we’re all diﬀerent in
how we ﬁlter, screen and taken in information
4. You are busy probably surviving if it’s bullies or being busy with
attracting some girl or guy, or someone’s attention. Or busy facing
rejections.
5. You’re busy ﬁlling your head with drama and stress that hasn’t even
happened and worried about what already happened.
So you’re busy being busy, and it’s all about yourself, no matter what you say that
you care and you do things for someone and yet…deep down, you know, you do it
for yourself to feel something.
But there…at the back of the class is someone who everyone treats like they got
then plague. They don’t acknowledge them. They talk about them behind their
back and everyday, they feel it and feel the pain rain down on them and no one
really takes time to just be…human beings.
Insead, at school, we’re like a pack of fucking animals and some of us try to see
ourselves diﬀerent and so much better, kind, nice, generous but haven’t the
fucking balls to really do what’s right there.
If we so kind, good, genereous and want to change the world…then we didn’t
right there. We didn’t as it’s not so grand is it because you won’t get the approval
you so hungry for when walking up to guys or girls no one is interested in to say
hi and engage them.
No, no one will really give shit or they will and it won’t be the good, happy, great
feeling you want but rather…you might also be pointed at and ignored as well,
isolated, judged, picked on and so on.
My regret is I didn’t make the time to go right there and say hi.
I wish I knew back then what I know now. I wish I was far more mature back then
and I wish I was stronger and conﬁdent or self aware back then the way I am now.
I wish I did something, just anything but I didn’t.
I wonder about it a lot.
I wonder about what happened to that girl and that guy.
So if you know someone in school, and you see they are alone, treated like the
plague, don’t do what I did.
I didn’t try hard enough to engage the girl and guy who were alone sitting at the
back of the class. I didn’t smile at them as I was busy like a predator who was
always ready for a ﬁght coming my way or surviving.
Even if they don’t smile back, don’t be harsh.
They probably scared of being used or hurt.

They probably don’t believe anyone cares for real and it might be some joke
you’re going to play on them.
Be consistent and forget about others around you and all this trend stuﬀ.
Those around you don’t give a shit anyway because when time is up, you
probably never going to meet and see them ever again.
15.7k Views · View Upvoters

My ex is banging a dude twice her age, what do I do to get over
this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No way! Ok hold on.!
Here’s what you do.
1. Call the police
2. Call the ﬁre brigade
3. Call your teachers
4. Call your parents
5. Call the erm, some politician. Ok write to them instead.
6. Oh yeah. Tell everyone on Quora. Oh you did that already.
And what did they all say?
I thought so.
I think the same.
Move on.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

What thing makes a person happy in life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“When you learn something, don’t let it go.”
The world tells us to look outside or to do work that we are passionate about and
that will bring us happiness.
The world tells us to switch on the TV and walk, you’ll be happy.
The world tells us, go and check out Youtube and watch and you’ll be happy.
The world tells us, that the secret is out there, somewhere in the wilderness, and
if you go out there, out from ourselves we will ﬁnd happiness.
That someone can give us that happiness with what they do and what they say,
and what they share and what they build.
And we go out and do whatever, even go and hug some trees if we like or watch
some motivational video but we always come back to one thing.
We got to go out do…out of ourselves.
We got to sweat, work, go out and do or walk, or do some activity out there, or
anything really that’s outside yourself again to feel you’re doing…something.
Sure, I get satisfaction from work I do but work for me is a battle so huge and yes,
I am very passionate about what I do because everyday I am doing something I

love doing but that doesn’t bring me happiness.
So if I get satisfactionand I am passionate on what and it doesn’t bring me the
happiness in my life then what does?
Your imagination.
Remember what we did as children in using what we had to imagine universe,
galaxies, stars, adventures all in the four walls of our bedroom. We did it all with
our imagination and we were happy.
Sometimes we didn’t have much but our imagination made it all come to life and
we saved worlds, we became super heroes saving humanity or aliens, or both all
at the same time.
I still do it today…
I can sit somewhere that is entirely boring, and I can see things happen before me
and smile. No one would be any wiser on why.
I can sit in a car, 6 hours drive and everyone might be complaining about how
long the journey is, but I will see wonders that will make any man and woman fall
down to their knees at awe.
While others see the sky and nothing else but clouds, I see planets so close and
massive to the naked eye.
While others work and see it as work, I imagine creatures all around me, and
colours running and dancing, and doors opening to new worlds, as I smile and
none be the wiser.
I can make a woman’s heart beat faster, her body tingle and they will never know
why. And even when a a hot good looking guy with blue eyes and blonde hair, or a
dark tall handsome guy comes along, in which they can last the infatuation phase
but I can last the marathon for these men to learn the hard way.
I can sit and pluck ideas after ideas of many concepts and plots for novels and
know the whole story, from begining to end, in an hour, where images and words
fall like pearls of rain while I am standing in the beauty of the Amazon forest.
While people hear the sound of blazing horns of cars, I hear and see the cry of
battle of Rome and Spartans charing forth.
While many were hungry and I lost my home once before, and people were
complaining how cold it is in the street, I could share my hot drnk and bread to
someone next to me because I was warm due to the ﬁre and fruits I picked from
the table of god.
That ﬁlled my appetite long enough to sort things out.
Edit, someone wanted me to add something…I received a message, so here it
is that part….
Did you feel that when you read my words?
Did you feel..
“You arrogant bastard?!”
That’s why you are struggling with your imagination. You even feel shy, guilty,
ashamed to speak mighty about yourself.
Let me show you something…

See how he talks.

Let me show you another one..

Let’s look at another one..

Let us add one more..

The next time someone says to you, you’re arrogant, remember that it is they who
are insecure around you and you don’t serve anyone in this world shrinking when
these insecure people show up.
When they show up, you rise up as you ask yourself…
When was the last time someone ever said,,,you was amazing and awesome, and
great and can do anything?
When was the last time you heard such powerful sweet words to you?
You probably haven’t because most people are too busy pulling each other down
than pulling each other up.
So then this is your job to do for yourself and your mind.
The way it is my job to do with my mind because most people are far too busy
pulling each othe down to lift you up. They are too busy contacting you in telling
you how shit their life is or how shit you’re an Asshole.
Here’s the beauty of it all with your imagination…
Everyone has one but not everyone is going to nurture it.
We have it in us but until we stop thinking we are small and apologetic on what
we stand for, and what we speak about and write about, our imagination will have
a tough time to grow.
It does when a person let’s insecure people think they can make you feel guilty
about seeing yourself as great and with a powerful mind.
I don’t need to work for money to be satisﬁed to be happy.
I don’t need to walk through forests and see the trees and nor see the horizon
paint a thousand colours as Eagles soar high to feel happy.
There is only one thing I just do and it is a lesson most forgotten. I learnt how to
use what I already have and what everyone has.
Our imagination.
And that imagination does need someone to do something to gain validation. It
doesn’t need someone to do something to be approved. You don’t need outside
reward or acceptance.
You don’t have to do something to feel loved and needed.
You already love yourself and so you’ll imagine the grand, the possibilities, a
world without walls, without borders and it is limiteless.
We are cells aren’t we?
We are nervous system aren’t we?
We are chemicals that swim inside, aren’t we?
All happen in our mind, doesn’t it?

Are we not the the master of our feelings and so if we are that, then why did we
spend so much time doing to feed oﬀ other people’s energy for acceptance,
validation and approval?
Picture this…
Voting button, the notiﬁcation, the share button, the like buttons are not there by
accident. These create desire engines inside of us which gets the chemicals
working and so the…addiction is what gets us to come back again and again.
It is the process of manufuturing desire inside of us.
The trigger creates the motivation to take action. You know, it’s so easy to
create and account and never worry about techie issues. You just ﬁll in
some details and walla! You now write and got yourself a platform and
someone else takes care of the fear of techie stuﬀ.
It kicks oﬀ the dopamine system inside our brains with the promise of
reward
Then we are superﬁcially rewarded as a habit is formed within us
All of which we gravitate to want more votes, more friends, more follows
and thinking these are REAL assets which will bring us…happiness.
So everything around you is saying to feel happiness you got to do something and
in doing something you get rewarded with a feeling and when you feel that, you
are now hooked to keep doing it.
Have you ever wondered why you get sucked into drama, and always with friends
who got drama and always talking drama?
Because the chemicals inside you and it kicked oﬀ that feeling you are being
rewarded for being a hero but really, you’re fucking your life up because you can’t
change that person and you lose touch with what your own self awareness of
what is going on with your mind.
You’re so busy craving for looking so important to friends, teacher, mummy,
daddy and “look who I helped,” that you are oblivious of the stress you are
causing to yourself and the ones who really care about you and hammering them
withn all this toxic information of drama.
And you can’t stop, can you?
Why?
Because the moment the chemicals kick in we now want to feel that feeling again
and again and over again.
You’re looking outside for that feeling not inside yourself.
But it is just temporary…..madness….which we think is happiness.
That is why for most people happiness is temporary. In fact for all of us because
we struggle up and down, we are continually growing, trying to ﬁgure out why we
do what we do and everything around us is saying.
“Look outside! Go and watch a video and walk through nature.”
And that feels good but it is temporary.
What has temporary done for our lives? Distracted us to the real issue on the
pattern we have created due to lacking self awareness.
From Inside and Out

Whar if we can trigger our own chemicals instead and create the habit in which
we create the same feelings consistently within us, without needing to do all
clicking, voting, following, liking, sharing?
What do you think will happen to the billions of dollars riding on these clicks,
vote, like, share?
What do you think of TV and Video, and all that is around you which is
manufacturing desire in all of us?
You can go and switch on a video of a happy smiley person and walk through the
forest and walla, you are now happy.
Then you come back to reality and then what?
We always we hear “doing.”
Always we hear, “watch, switch, take your technology, go and do..do..do and go out
there, or on here, or on that and you will be happy.”
So let see then…
Bllions dollar companies know about this, and politicians, and mainstream
media too. They are using this knowledge to keep pumping the message that we
got to be busy, keep doing, go and save the world, go and save whoever…
do..do..do…get busy, ge stressed, get out there and do….will make us happy!
Who is making the billions?
Us the people or are they making the billions of dollars?
Now, are you happy that they are using our imaghination, the chemicals inside of
us and making billions and we got it inside our heads and we cannot even do it
for ourselves?
We don’t need anything outside to get our own engine working for us because
everyone out there is making it work for them and believe, they are very happy
because we are their source of their billions of dollars whch is ﬁne. We are their
energy and resources that pump this world round.
But now, what about our happiness?
How about this…
Sit down, somewhere quiet, lights oﬀ. You don’t need to close your eyes. Imagine
what makes you happy and feel it.
See that person, see what you are looking at which makes you so happy. Is it a
time or an event, or a place. Play that movie. If anything in there you like to take it
out and replace what you want.
This is your story, your world, your life and what you want.
You see how you are glowing due to how happy feel. Smell the sweet fragrance of
rich things around you, smell the ﬂowers, whatever it is, feel and smell what it is
is like.
Hear the sounds.
Really hear it all and feel it.
Do the steps actibities like you’re doing something in this world which makes you
feel great and you’re achieving whatever you like.
See the activities, the people, all that makes this person happy.
Now..step into that person and see through that person’s eyes.

Because that person…is…you.
20 Views · View Upvoters

Why can't I get girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be anything but I can share from experience on what it can be. Then you
look back and see if that is so.
Just look at your steps and trace back:
1. When you approach you’re not screening girls out which means you
haven’t yet identiﬁed what you want in a girl and so your behaviour is
just throwing it out there and not really in mindset of screening out the
girls you don’t want. You’re like throwing darts and so when you do that,
you’re just getting numbers.
2. You are more focusing on getting girls than ﬁrst making connection. If
you focus in getting girls then your are focusing on getting the number,
and all sense of connecting goes out of the window. So she won’t feel
aroused, captivated and you will as well skipped certain steps to ﬁlter out
who you feel isn’t showing enough interest back right there and then.
3. It can be when you approach you’re not showing intent to be very clear.
It’s ambigious and so it’s more of attracting girls who just seeking
attention, emotional support and want a tampon, or girls who are
seeking attention and believe me, there are tons of girls like this, Most
are drama queens and will vomit all kinds of drama about their life but
when they see the guy show intent on text afterwards…they run.
4. It can be that the ﬂow of text is focusing on comfort immediately and not
building on attraction ﬁrst. Meaning that you are not focusing on giving
her an experience on texting, arousing ﬁrst, capturing her emotions and
exciteing her imagination to FEEL the reason on why she got to meet
face to face dating. Again I am talking about the connection. Instead the
focus is not getting a connection at an emotional and psyschological
level.
So it can be any of these and since I don’t know how you approach, what you do
or know what you text, or the vibe you give, it’s impossible for me or anyone
really to pin point.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my coach says "that's my girl!" after
completing a football play?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very common.
He said “my girl!” in the context that he is proud of you. It doesn’t mean he has a
crush on you or has some attraction feelings for you.
By the way, good eﬀort. You went for it and even if you didn’t get the touch down,
you showed great spirit.
I’d be proud too as a coach if I saw that.
Well done!
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

I don't have friends anymore, so I just code. Is this normal?

Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If You think sitting in front of a computer codering is going to attract lots
of friends and build social circle of them.
2. If you don’t go out socialising and putting time into people and all you
think about is yourself and coding, and some few people who code.
3. If you don’t even engage people and say you’re introvert, your yhis, your
that, and this/
4. If you didn’t invest in social skills and go out into the world and engage
with diverse people
5. If all you do is code and sit around coders, and sit around a few women
who are not sexually and romantically attracted to you.
And then expect to have lots of friends and large social circle of them, then it’s
not normal. Of course it’s not. It’s insane.
Having lots of friends requires someone to think about others in engaging them,
taking interest in others and not just about one self.
But,,,
If you wanted to just be on your own and have a few couple of female companions
and go to some java meeting, and just do coding…then yes, it’s normal.
There we go. You got what you wanted.
Or did you want something else?
78 Views

I don't know why I always tell my boyfriend I want to break up
with him, and that he should leave when I'm upset. He usually
doesn't, but today he did. What can I say to him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are certain things that can really damage a relationship, you know like
physical abuse, verbal abuse, and…
1. Saying to your lover, you’re breaking up with him and he should leave.
Just saying this one is dangerous and saying it over and over again, and it
happens, it is way over. The feeling it leaves someone is toxic that you
might as well forget even trying. Those words really strike at the heart of
someone you’re suppose to care for and love.
2. Dissappearing, not communicating is another. Even the most patient, if
they don’t feel desired, then this too but it can be rectﬁed, and it’s not as
diﬃcult as the ﬁrst. But if you dissappear long period of time, it can be
damaging as one can feel to move on.
3. Always dramatising, and always communncation toxic. This can be
emotionally draining. So if all it is, is arguments, or if all it is, is problem
talking after another, when you communicate, well, you’re overloading
on someone and really not arousing, not connecting at an emotional
level but overloading, like they are some rubbish tip. That too can be
damaging as well.
From what I see, you pushed it so far, that he has took his things and moved on,
and when that happens, well, let’s say, he has had enough.
It’s over.
He’d be a saint if he came back.

What to do?
1. Don’t call him. Dont make excuses. Don’t plead because words don’t
matter at this pointed.
2. Don’t call his friends either or relatives. Keep it to yourself.
3. Be honest why you are playing that game of breaking up. Using threats
like that. You know why deep down. Figure it out because questions will
be asked when you seek…
4. Help. See a Therapist.
5. Don’t seek to date someone until you resolve your issues because if
saying to someone to break up and leave, with every argument, well,
then you really need to sort some issues out.
You have a lot of growing up to do and doing these 5 steps shows respect for
others and maturity. It’s time to sort the script in your head.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like competitive girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, in that she is competitve to move her ass and ask the guy out than playing
about competing with subjects and topics.
Yes, we like a girl who competes in that she hits the gym, or be healthy and
disciplined to do that than whining about pretty girls.
Yes, we like girls who compete in their time, in that they show their feelings to us
and are consistent in doing so because action speaks louder. That shows
conﬁdence than saying, “I am conﬁdent.”
Yes, we like girls who compete, in that she does much more than girls we know
and have dated do - she speaking only positive while others speak negative. She
speaks to arouse the guy while others speak how shit their life is. She speaks to
ﬂirt with the guy in romantic sexual way while other girls speak to load on him
their hard bad times that has happened.
Yes, we like who compete in being better at showing physical attraction than the
girl who is hung up about sex, and “ooooh will he use me” bullshit, and get the
hell on with it and kiss the guy she is dating.
Yes, we like girls who compete in ﬁtness because it shows it in their body, ass,
curves that….they….believe…in themselves, and have high self esteem.
Yes, we like girls who compete in that she makes the guy a priority than killing
time, while she’s crushing on someone else, like we guys can see the interaction
on facebook, instagram and wherever oline, and nop, forget tryihng to now clean
up your tracks. That guy would have probably seen it already and all your big
exploding melodramatics isn’t going to hide that.
Yes, we like girls to compete but..not…in the way most girls think.
In other words…stop pratting about….and say to the girl you’re attracted to him
and “lets meet on saturday or sunday, time etc etc.”
Competing with..context that supports evidene you’re into the guy clearly.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I date a guy I really like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It goes like this..
1. You approach or he does.
2. Flirt blah blah, and exchange numbers
3. Lead by text to build attraction and move it to date face to face
4. Forget resturants and any big ideas like holidays and all that.
5. Focus ﬁrst getting to know each other, go out, be romantic and sexual
physical ﬂirting, and not be so serious to create awkwardiness
6. No talk about guys and any drama. Keep that locked down. Many young
woman do too much of that and needs to be locked down. Focus on
attraction and building it and continue to do so.
7. And there we go.
If long distance it is the same..
1. You connected or he did online or whatever.
2. You ﬂrit
3. You continue communicating
4. Make it oﬃcial you are lovers and to meet in future.
5. Be patient with each other and lock down any negativity, drama and not
share some scary shit stories of drama. Focus on the guy.
6. Don’t hold back in showing feelings, tenderness and sexual ﬂirtation as
this shows you desire the guy and he will do same as well if he’s
conﬁdent.
7. And then when time comes you meet face to face. Either your country or
his, or decide meeting half way kind of thing.
8. There we go.
The key is keep drama, negativity lock down.
I’m serious about this. Keep it out of the dating because many girls do not do that
and wonder why the guy becomes distant.
If you haven’t met, face to face, dated for long time, romance, sex and all that,
keep the negativity, talks of other crushes, talks about some guy, out of it. Focus
always on guy and he focuses on you.
Know the boundaries and respect his boundaries as he respects yours.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Maria Gomez

Are bad boys/bad girls immature and irresponsible?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s see..
1. I brought up 4 sisters and two brothers. Put my life aside for doing a
degree so I can bring them up. They did their degrees and now run their
own businesses and some high ﬂying in their careers. I have never
regretted it either. They are my brothers and sisters. Didn’t stop me to
later kick ass and do whatever I wanted but I had to be the father of them
not my dad.
2. I coach and mentor professionals all around the world, some on
developing their own brands, strategies for their career and some need

help in marketing, and many in dating. My mastery? Unravelling
patterns, ego states to psychologicall, emotional as well to aspects in
success a persone desires to achieve; which really is character buildind
and knowing one self, they shall know people and how the world really
works.
3. I have a house, I pay the bills and I travel world from my money, I make
from my sweat.
4. I have developed magazines in city which won awards and I don’t give a
shit about these awards, never attended them. Was too busy doing the
magazines and later sold them for a lot of money as they grew,
distribution to 4 cities, and some 10 cities.
5. I blame no one for my failures but I will take all success as my doing and
the doing of all who were with me on the journey, as a man is not an
Island and none are really self made.
6. I take it that it is up to me to unravel the puzzles of whatever I face and
learn, grow and invest in myself.
7. I don’t give a fuck in suppplicating to women, and I don’t use nice, good,
generous to get between a woman’s legs. I don’t put them on pedestals
and I don’t give a fuck what women say if they are oﬀended by my
behaviour as a lover.
That doesn’t mean I am god’s gift but no way in hell am I going to
apologise for what I want. One either got what I want and if no, step out
of the way. I don’t fall for oneitis, nor do I chase women, Either they are
interested or not, that is it. Not friend friend, no pals and all most men
waste time on. I have no time for that.
8. I am seen as a bad boy because I date multiple lovers and say what I want
clearly and live on my terms. But really I see it as most fear rejection alot,
passive-aggresive not that I’m a bad boy. That we now live in a political
correct world scared to say what one wants to say.
I say what I want to women, and direct while other men bitch, complain,
whine all day about bad boys, while bad boys just gets on with it, and
doesn’t supplicate and doesn’t see being nice, good, generous as a way to
get between girls legs.
That is why nice guys complain….sex! That is what friendzone is….not
getting sex from a woman they desire.
9. I do not see really, girls as bad or good, just weak and strong, and so learn
to be strong in one self.
The weak will always complain, whine, bitch and compare and blame
others for the failures, for not getting what they want. They will sabotage
what is coming their way due to their own insecurities and script that
replays in their mind.
The strong doesn’t let their ego state and personalities overshadow
them. The strong will take stock of what doesn’t work and ﬁx it and move
on while the weak will continue to make the same mistakes over and
over again.
The weak can bullshit all day long and believe in their bullshit. Like girls
who fall for every guy they see, infatuation and fall for drama, and
attract choas into their lives while the strong rarely has drama because
they are strong to say no to it.

They don’t go saving world and be nice to be liked. They don’t spend
tons of time saving friends. Friends got their own parents and they got
world ﬁlled with therapists and resources.
The weak do and the weak always boast in being busy while the strong
are productive. The weak always do lots of saving for craving the need to
be validated, liked, approved by those around them.
The weak always lip rollling with drama while the strong speaks of the
good, of the getting of achieving.
The weak always complain and bitch about their life, or what has gone
wrong or some drama, while the strong speak of what they…want..in…
life!
The weak in all their communication, much of it is 95% what has gone
wrong in their life and world. They strong communicate the positive
rather than drama and stress.
The weak always speak of what they don’t want to happen repeatedly
and it happens in their life. They are skeptical, cynics and always seeing
bad most of time and so bad comes in their life and those around them.
We are energy after all.
The strong consistently talks of what they want because they know the
power of…thought…aﬃrmation to such that even asking a question like
this is an aﬃrmation and evidence of one’s own belief system and where
they are in their life.
You can bullshit the weak easily and they can get distracted easily by
their emotions and craving to be needed, validated and approved.
But not the strong. You cannot bullshit the strong easily.
Now my question..
Why aren’t the bad boys, bad girls, asking questions on Quora about why good
guys and good girls get the girls/guys?
Why don’t they ask how to be a good guy to attract girls?
And why they don’t ask..
“I’m a good guy, nice guy/girl and got a job, and so why no one approaches me?”
You tell the bad boys and bad girls, what is so responsible and mature and so high
self esteem and conﬁdent about that?
Show to the bad boys and bad girls what is so mature and responsible about
blaming someone else for one’s own weaknesses, failures, lack of discipliine,
fearing social pressure, supplocating to women and guys?
You say to the bad boy what is so mature and responsible about always whining,
bitching, complaining why the bad boys and bad girls get the girls?
Why bad boys and bad girls always ﬁnish the race and good nice boys and good
nice girls don’t?
Because all these questions do not reveal maturity.

They don’t reveal people who take responsibility for their own failures, own
weakness, own self growth and to think, and learn, and sort their life out without
comparing and blaming others for it.
Where do you ever see or hear a bad boy or so called bad girl, complaining about
good boys and good guys, and all who think they are so nice?
When did you ever see them feel so entitled for pussy and dick?
They don’t.
They go and ﬁgure out it.
So spend more time, ﬁguring it out because what is so mature and responsible
about this question?
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it just me, or do all American girls look the same?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well lads, this person has fucking got it. Finally!
You have transcended!
You see American women and think they all look the same. Yes, because now you
don’t see tits, ass and curves but a human being.
That usually takes a long time and sometimes..never but you got it!
So my hats oﬀ to you.
Now, all you got to do is, is look with that level of wisdom with ALL the women,
whether they are American or not.
Do that, well, you have done more than transcended….you have evolved.
74 Views · View Upvoters

I want to date with rich men, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No problem.
Here we go…
1. Solve a problem in the world that saves a lot of lives and also changes the
course of history with something. You win awards, then noble peace prize and
your face is all over the news. You get to bump shoulders with famous people and
rich people and no need to impress.
2. Invent something with your mind and knowledge which changes the business
world or saves natural resources that aﬀects people all over the world, that they
think you’re a hero amongst men and women.
3. Do something that scares the shit out of you but it brings so much values to not
just your community that you write a book which changes millions of people in
world and you’re on TV talking about your book which changes more lives. In
fact, it will improve your life to have the choice of so many…wealthy men who see
you’re independant and don’t need their money.
4. Do a degree in economics or something and create a system that business rich
men and women can use, which makes them a ton of money, and also, makes
their work so much easier, and makes you also renowned for this amazing
excellent system.

Or….the alternative…
Look like her…

Or her…

Or her…

Or classy like her..

There we go.
;)
8.5k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend tells me I'm perfect but he doesn't love me
anymore. What's going on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know when you’re working in a job and then 6 months is up for evaluation
and you walk in the oﬃce and they ﬁrst start complimenting you, telling you how
amazing you are, telling you did an awesome job..
And then you hear the…….BUT..
Then they say they have to let you go because even though you did a great job,
they just got to let you go.
That’s called..
Buttering you up for the axe.
It’s called Sandwhich technique.
It’s called avoiding conﬂict and awkwardiness.
It’s like this..
“You are so amazing. So perfect. Dress well and blah blah blah and sooooooooooooo
perfect BUT…”
He didn’t want to say..
“I..don’t…love you anymore.”
Hey, at least he didn’t say this shit here,..
“It’s not you…it’s me.”
Or this right here…
“I love you BUT I’m not in love with you.”
Jeeesh, when people say that to their lovers, is so pathetic. Really is..
“I love you BUT….I am not in love with you.”
You’re like.
‘Huh? WTF.’

You always hear the…BUT..
But..but..but..but..but..
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell if she likes me as much as I like her? I told her I
like her, and we still talk, but I haven't asked her if she likes me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re being passive.
The key is if you are attracted to someone, ﬂirt, be playful, arouse her, so she
FEELS and sees you in a romantic and sexual way that…there is a greater chance
she says yes when you do ask her out.
It eliminates ambiguity and frustrations for you.
Ambiguity = the quality of being open to more than one interpretation;
inexactness.
Be clear and exact in what you want.
But most of all, you now can move on if she says no and stop wasyting time
talking and behaving like some nice guys, tip toeing or move forward because she
to has shown intent with you.
You asking if she likes you means nothing to a woman.
Be assertives.
I don’t mean direct as…
“Hey. I want to fuck you.”
That is reserved later on and really, oif you haven’t got my experience, don’t
bother. I can say that and for a very good reason. No, not looks but because I did a
lot of other things before that and women love it because they are in same frame
of mind as I am. They know we’re role playing and having fun but that’s not for
this phase and not for anyone who hasn’t the basic yet.
Asking someone if they like you is you supplicating and being passive, like you
don’t know what you want and how to get whay you want. Even if it’s a no, you
know where you stand very clearly.
So abvoid all this “do you like me,” and get on with it or you will ﬁnd yourself
wasting a lot of time with women who just want attention, who don’t want any
reomantic or sexual interest with you and who just want emotional support, a
friend who vomit their stories, their ex boyfriend is fucking them, theor
boyfriend is fucking them and on and on it goes about how their life is blah blah
and so on.
If you want that, go ahead and keep doing what you’re dong.
But if you don’t, change your behaviour. Correct it.
No woman is attracted to a man who asks in a way that shows uncertainty. You
asking is like you’re seeking validation, craving for approva; and avoiding what
you need to really be doing.
Being straight with her and ask her out.
That rmeoves frusration you’re going through right now because you’re being
ambigious with all this..
“Do you like me?”

You don’t want to an answer if she likes you. You want to go out on a date so be
clear about that instead going round in circles.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys get oﬀended when they're called a fuckboy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Aug 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Meh. Not a problem. It hasn’t much power and ring to it. I rather be called player,
asshole, jerk, fuckboy than nice guy.
I’ll take it as a compliment and smile.
It is actually saying which is true…I am good at attracting girls, and have lots of
sex, so that’s not an insult to me.
It means the guy gets a plenty of..

And he has fun, enjoy lots of pleasure with sexually conﬁdent and high self
sesteem girls who are compatible with him as he is with them, and who enjoy
getting their ass slapped too..

And every week he comes home to…

And on sunday morning he wakes up to…

And the lifestyle is like…

So no, I won’t be oﬀended.
I’ll just take it as a compliment.
960 Views · View Upvoters

How do guys feel when girls don't text back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I’m not attracted to the girl, I won’t care.
Also, no girl texts me who I haven’t ﬁrst sorted out that part anyway. I don’t do
any of that back and forth texting with just any girl because as we can see,…most
are attention seekers or provoking some response, testing, games.
Now, if it’s my lover, well, I will know anyway, she is busy, and she would have
said so, and it’s ﬁne. You know, people got lives, and a man needs have his own
life too and trust his lover. Vice versa.
When you love someone, you don’t control them, you don’t make them feel guilty
and you make each contact when it happens, a hot, sexy, romantic, sexual and
exciting moment.
You also never, ever, use text to play manipulative games. That only creates
awkwardiness, can hurt someone, can really be toxic and it’s immature.
But if it’s a girl I don’t even know or the attraction part isn’t sorted out, for
example…

I said to her I am attracted to her and she said “fuck yeah,” then if that hasn’t
been sorted out ﬁrst….I won’t give a shit.
I’d just see it as a girl wanting attention.
I also don’t respond to “hey.” and “hi” with my name. I like more content and
some eﬀort. Value.
That’s personally is immature, childish and shows the person does things for
nothing more but to provoke a reaction, a response.
Someone who has yet to grow up.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why are older women ignored?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are not ignored. Believe me. I see many older women who are attractive but
here’s the thing. It’s same as some young women.
1. Unapproachable.
No one wants to talk to someone with a frown on their face.
2. The vibe.
Again it’s the same. Vibe is very important and so, if you’re busy is
choatic, busy, no smiling, head on your mobile phone texting away, then
it be diﬃcult for man to feel the positive vibe of approaching.
3. Competition
By that I mean, that older guy was a nice guy long ago. He’s not anymore
and he’s learnt a thing and two. He is not going to bother with older
women and now his value is sky high because younger women desire
him. He was there when women of his age could grab him but it be very
diﬃcult to do so for relationship and marriage, and children right now.
4. Lack of social network
This plays a part as well. Hey, we know older women are busy and got
children, and well, you work hard in a job and even if you haven’t, it can
be tiring, and so you got the comfort zone. Drink, chill, TV or internet
but…it does no good for building real live social than just online.
5. Boring and traditionalist
Sorry but come on. Some know now much the bullshit by now but they
are still pretending being princess, and knight is going come galloping to
the rescue to ask a woman out?
Then we got the part in which much of the conversation is dry and even
when a man tries sexualisation, they hint but they don’t really ramp it up
and so man grows disinterest and feels she isn’t interest and well, moves
on or decides to friend zone her ass deep into the antartic.
Yes, I know, you say it doesn’t exist. Keep believing that, It’s cool but we
do friend zone women due to one’s own behaviour in playing hard to get
or just boring. Call it immature or whatever. Don’t give a shit for
motivational mumbo jumbo. It is what it is.
Older women do get noticed, but so what?
I notice a lot in my peripheral view doesn’t mean I’m going to suddenly take the
extra step.
12 Views · View Upvoters

My 16-year-old son has a full beard and won't shave. What
should I do? How do I get him to shave it oﬀ? Should I just do it
myself while he’s asleep?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

See this photo on here. That’s my mum on left by the way. Past away not long ago.
Bless her. You see the guy with afro hair and moustache?
In this photo he is 15 years old.

That young guy, still went to school. That guy is me when I was a teen.
If my parents started making it a big deal about my moustache or beard when I
had one, I’d be thinking…
“Well, that means, I cannot speak to mum and dad, about the MOST IMPORTANT
things that really matter if they get all bat shit crazy about a beard or a
moustache!”
I’d also wouldn’t be home anymore. I’m serious. If my body got touched, if it got
shaved oﬀ while I was asleep, parenthood is done, ﬁnished.
My parents didn’t see it as a big deal.
It wasn’t like I was snorting drugs, stealing cars, breaking into homes and stealing
all kinds of stuﬀ from people.
Ok I admit, I was fucking lots of girls but hey, that’s natural but apart from that,
nothing else such as crack/cocaine and weed.
If my parent got all up at my ass with a beard or a moustach, I would have been
out of mind to even think as a teenager back then, to walk up to my dad and say..
“Hey dad, I am going to fuck this girl tonight, got any advice on sex?”
Problem is they did make a big deal about other things and so; it was diﬃcult to
really open up on issues which most teens go through today.
Like…
1. Getting hammered in school by bullies and having to ﬁght a lot to just
survive and keep the bastards at bay. I’d come back home, with lots of
bruises because I wasn’t going to let some bully think they can just start
doing their shit on me, my sisters and my brothers.
Shouting and making a big deal about why my clothes were like this and
about the bruises rather than asking calmly wasn’t helping.
2. The stress in school, it’s nearly choking. So many assignments. So much
bloody homework from each class. Is there a way to make it easier and
can someone explain the damn process and keep it simple?
3. The exam is stressing and one is worried: if one doesn’t rise to the
parents’ expectations then what?
4. What if you don’t turn out the way your parents expect you to? What if
you fail miserably? What if you get a C instead of an A?
5. The hormones kicking oﬀ, why is he/she feeling this way. Can someone
explain what’s going on?! Oh wait! I can’t talk to mom or dad, they’d go
crazy. Think I’m weird, not normal!
6. Can anyone explain about sex? I mean real knowledge and not the bees
story. Real knowledge.

There are far more important things than having to shave his beard oﬀ.
Like...trust.
23.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should you ask a girl when she gives you a free pass to ask
anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - You have a free pass to ask anything
Me - All stars begin from clouds of cold molecular hydrogen that gravitationally
collapse. As the cloud collapses, it fragments into many pieces that will go on to
form individual stars.
But here’s the thing….
What is the material the star collects into a ball that continues to collapse under
its own gravity until it can ignite nuclear fusion at its core?
If you can also explain to me what does stars converts, is it hydrogen or helium?
Or is it both and if both, how much?
As well as…what does the star start out with and if you can name the other trace
of elements as well.
Girl - I…erm…well…erm.
Me - Ok forget about that then. Just fucking kiss me.
;)
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does a girl mean when she says she can't date me because
she doesn't want to risk losing the precious connection that we
have now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will sound harsh. It’s not easy saying what I am saying but most people won’t
say it but sugar coat it. You never learn that way. You never grow. You never get
angry at the behaviour in yourself to come to a realisation to say enough is
enough.
This will repeat itself again and again .
Even when I say what is happening…some guys still try to rationalise they are
diﬀerent, unique, and this is a diﬀerent situation.
It’s up to you to get mad at me or see what it is and correct the behaviour. It’s not
going to be easy to do so. Never is.
You really want to know for real then here it is..
1. You started by building comfort instead of attraction. More on that later
to see how that truly is one of the Nice Guys way of doing thing to avoid
rejection and has a girl on a pedestal.
2. Due to this, you have spent far too much being dishonest, passive, hiding
your intent from her from the very beginning that…you are attracted to
her.
3. You switched oﬀ your sexuality because you fear of oﬀending the girl,
because you seek and crave to be liked, to be accepted, to be approved

and to be…loved…by some girl. So your behaviour was like some friend,
brother and who wants to be romantic and sexual with her brother?
4. You didn’t escalate fast enough and it was too passive and slow. Lack of
conﬁdence and…boring.
5. You then spent lots of time with her, behaving in a platonic way,
listening to her bullshit stories of ex boyfriend, of who she fucked, or
probably all her sad stories, and being so available, like you haven’t got a
life of your own. You became a push over.
Which means…
6. You didn’t even have boundaries and if she steps over them, and if the
girl imature, she’ll disssappear like a spoilt brat and sulk all year long. If
she respects your boundaries, realises her mistake, grows, she’ll
understand she’s talking to a man not some fool who puts pussy above
his self respect and integrity. She’ll realise she can trust him whenever
she falters and whenever she needs a rock solid man as a lover.
He will listen but he will call out on her bullshit and then she can decide
to see she is talking to a man of self respect not some guy who just want
to fuck her and leave her dry. He says what he needs to say not what girl
like to hear because he wants to grow as well as she also beneﬁts in his
growth by being true to himself.
In other words…he..has..an…opinion, values, boundaries. These stem
from him knowing himself well and a girl who has that kind of guy,
realises, he’s valuable in the world we live in today.
You set boundaries and one who does that is saying in a way to a girl, he
respects her, he doesn’t want to do something that hurts her but also…
she cannot fuck around with him either. He will call out on her bullshit
and remind her she makes choices and she now must take responsibility
for them and no more talk on such things to him.
This is called character, integrity and self respect.
This is also another sign of a guy who has become a man who knows he
has high self worth. Not that he’s god’s gift or better than the girl. He’s
not saying that. It is that he knows some people can take the piss due to
their craving for validaton, approval and use you for their own
stimulation. He doesn’t want the girl to follow that path and he is an
educator ﬁrst by his behaviour.
You became a push over and additionally an emotional tampon for her.
7. You continued to be so available, being that guy who text this girl
without her knowing you desire her…and..be on phone for hours, going
shopping, doing this and that like couples do but you are not a couple.
You are not lovers. This has not been established in concrete words
between both of you.
8. Since she gets all she wants like your time, like resources, being like
couples, WITHOUT commitmment, what’s the point of having you as a
boyfriend?
You built..comfort ﬁrst, and comfort is all about who are you, what your
job is, small talk, emotional support and that is not attraction.

Now you showed your true colours and she doesn’t want to because if she does,
she loses all that which..she…gets…for free…without…romantic and sexual
committment.
The…connection.
You’re the comfort not the romantic sexual.
5k Views · View Upvoters

She loves spending time with me but doesn't want to get into a
relationship? Should I wait or walk away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, some say serious relationship the same way most girls who talk like that
especially when they are already in one…
“I don’t want her fucking about with other guys, and some guys get her. She’s MINE!
ALL MINE! And so I want her ALL FOR MYSELF. I want to feel special, umique, and
blah blah blah. I want exclusivity, as she’s all going to be mine and then…no guy
can have her.”
Listen to what she is saying.
If you can’t handle it move on but she is saying to you she is not interested in this
label you want to control her, to make it exclusive.
She wants to be her own, free, and not exclusive label.
So now you know.
You cannot control her or try to change her.
You enjoy what you have or leave her alone and move on.
It’s not just about what you want but compatibility and so, if this means a lot to
you, then you got a compatibility issue.
You want this “All Mine! Mine” then ﬁnd a girl who sees you also as..
“Mine…Mine…ALL MINE!”
Because let’s face it…you’re in a relationship already. You’re fucking each other
already. You’re spending lots of time already…..but you like most people have this
fear of abandonment, want to quickly slap a label on it..
“MINE ALL MINE.”
Keep trying that and she will soon be moving on because she will feel choked by a
guy trying to force a label on her.
10k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my teenage daughter to stop making out with her
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then you need to see a therapist if you watched your daughter for 10 minutes
having sex or being passionate in car sexually.
You need to respect her privacy and appreciate sex with teenagers is very natural,
it’s not disgusting at all, It’s natural.
The amount of times I know some parents looking down on their daughters,
judging them because they have this fallacy about life, their own perception and

this idea of what they want their daughter or son to be.
This is why young girls and guys don’t talk to their parents about sex, about
anything really personal, because they feel they are going to be looked down on,
being judged and worse…
“OOooh you’re 17 and don’t know anything about life. You haven’t lived, You don’t
know what you’re doing. I can’t believe you doing this. My daughter. My son. I
NEVER thought…you will do this..to….ME!”
Wow. Parent thinking it’s all about themselves and their world.
I mean, the same thing that happened to you as you grow up, being judged by
parents, being told what you are not, being disgusted about the most natural
thing in world, and most of all…being controlling… you go oﬀ thinking like that
about your daughter and wanting to do the same thing.
You could always talk to your daughter and listen, get close to her, and don’t
judge her and start all this “it’s disgusting.” Instead of wanting to control her
sexual and romantic behaviour, you can talk and set some boundaries but don’t
control her and let her feel she’s done some crime.
What disgusts me is Parents judging their own children.
It’s not enough society does it. It’s not enough in school teens are faced with
expectations, being pressured, being in stress with tribe attitude, social pressure,
being judged, being looked down on.
It’s not enough for them to also get it from guys and from other girls, to then have
to face it from their own parents.
Everywhere they go someone wants to control them.
Whether it is parents, school, friends, boyfriend ex boyfriend, and so on, wants to
control them.
Then they come home and they get the same thing.
I mean, where do they go to ﬁnd someone who they can really talk to about sex,
about their fears, about their insecurities if they can’t even talk to their parents or
feel their parents got some religious, or cultural or some attitude about what they
want to talk about and fear being judged?
There’s nowhere except the internet and friends.
This is natural. Teens are wanting to experience sex and hormones ﬂying
everywhere. What you’re going to do, lock her in house?
If you really wanted her to know about sex and all that, communicate with her
calmly. Talk with her, ﬁnd out what she knows and not to judge her but to
understand her world and she can understand yours too.
Communicate rather be disgusted about your daught behaviour. She’s done
nothing wrong. If you knew she did wrong and had power, you’d have done
something but you know nothing is wrong here and you just fear for your
daughter and future.
Fair enough.
Then stop looking and spying, and start communicating with her. Build a
relationship with her as a parent.
Or you can do what I have seen many parents do and start doing all these crazy
things, and games to control and it only will build a wall between you.
Communicate with her.

Instead of…judging her.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is a clever response if a woman asks you to rate her 1-10?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated May 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Rate me from her 1–10
Me - When you stop seeing yourself as a number then maybe I’ll want to get to
know you but…for now…you have a great day. Bye.
I left all that immaturity manipulating games when I left school. In fact I use to
roll my eyes at it and not bother.
I understand we all got insecurities but when someone plays that manipulating
game, I just can’t be assed with it.
It reeks of immaturity and personally, it will also be a relationship ﬁlled with
working hard to validate to her. Validation at a healthy dose is ﬁne but this, no,
it’s just not worth even bothering with.
23.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop living in my subconscious and overthinking too
much?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Apr 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst thing to do is learn aboout yourself and by that I mean your personality.
For example my personality is very outgoing, I’m direct, I take action, go getter
and I can express myself in feelings, desires, lust, really whatever I feel.
But this didn’t happen over night as I had culture battles, the social environment
and other things like psychology i.e. my perception on how I saw myself in the
world, and how others see me, and so the growth isn’t immediate but it can be
very fast.
You can develop your strengths and you can understand your weakness, and you
can make your weaknesses also as your strength too.
The ﬁrst step though understanding yourself, your psychology, your personality,
your habits.
For example, there are personalities that ﬁnd it diﬃcult to express their
emotions, their feelings to other person like their boyfriend or girlfriend, and
that’s because of their own environment, their own experiences, the own
perception, their own personality which is a language but also, the awkwardiness
does not lessen if the person does not apply themselves, and also step out of the
comfort zone.
They will also feel a lot of stress and feel heavy in life to become distant and
someone else, who doesn’t know their language will see it as they are pulling
away but not so majority of the time.
When they meet someone who has knowledge, has lived, experience,
understands about their personality and knows it’s a language, then like me for
example, I understand their world in their mind.
For them it may seem weird as well because everyone they met have treated them
weird, treated them diﬀerent, judged them, and dissappeared and cannot
understand why I am patient, or wondering if it’s true that such a person is real
but it is real. I know their language.
I’m calm. It’s ﬁne. It’s not a big deal for me.

I know such a personality ﬁnds it diﬃcult to express their feelings in the
language I know but because I love the person or because I care about the person,
I have took time to learn about their personality language.
I don’t want to change the person.
I want to understand which language they have, and when I understand it and
also to help widen the hole in the wall bigger for them to see the richness in
themselves. To have the opportunity to grow if one desires.
Your personality can also create habits which can work against you. You may put
others ﬁrst so much and ﬁnd yourself so busy to not even do your own things in
life because you crave for validation, attention and you like that feeling which is
ﬁne with healthy dose.
But you can also ﬁnd yourself hurting yourself.
Yo get your validation and dissappear.
Then come back again to get some more.
You repeat that pattern and wonder why people don’t connect with you for a
longer period of time. Well, that’s why.
So knowing who you are is going to help you greately to understand what is going
on inside you and why are you behaving in a certain manner, and why you’re
getting the same results or worse which you don’t want in your life.

In knowing myself, I know about others, and I then know why they behave in a
certain way. I don’t see it with eyes of judgement but eyes of empathy, care, love,
patient and in time, one will know me and well, they’ll see..
“Oh yeah, so there are people like that who understands me! Holy shit!”
As you can see, your personality can make you behave in a certain way and if you
learn about it but also apply yourself, know what to strengthen, see how it aﬀects
you and how others see you, to do something about it.
That’s the ﬁrst.
Understand yourself.
When you do that you get to understand other people and it becomes a passion
like me, I love it, trying to understand people.
But also, you get to understand why you are hesitent, wht is in that personality of
yours that is making you over think and why it aﬀects you to avoid taking action
now.
Knowing yourself ﬁrst is going to go a long way to help you to know why you over
think, how to remedy it and what to look out for when it resurfaces again.
You will learn of your routine.
You will learn of your habits.
You will learn of your fears.
You will learn of your insecurities
You will learn what is self sabotaging you
You will learn of your pleasures which can also aﬀect you because being in a
comfort zone, over thinking can also give pleasure to avoid doing the tasks that
need to be done i.e. procrastination.

The more you understand yourself, the more you make that small tiny window
larger to see much more.
It’s all inside of you which is pulling you back.
Take the time to learn more about yourself and be honest with yourself to then
take action.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is your dream car?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This car right here. Renault Twizy electric car…

Forget about the funky colours. Actually I like it’s funky colours. Reminds me of
the 1970s vibe and music, and fashion.
But if you’re worried about the colour then maybe, these colours will suit you….

You can park this baby in tight places as well…like..
Outside the cafe…

Outside your house and it won’t take much space either. I mean look at it.

Fits really well..

Yes, I can see it now.
Me with this car and wearing some 1970s funky clothes and pick up my lover who
will walk out dazzling with her 70s style fashion…

I’ll bang on some style like this and we’re on our way…

Bang some 70s kick ass funky music and now…we are talking ;)
16 Views · View Upvoters

What are the best ways to support your stressed partner if
you're in a long distance relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He has enough fears, stress to have someone else to add to that in letting him
know that you’re also afraid he’ll burn out.
Here’s why all my long distance relationship kicked ass:
1. Patience
Yes, the thing most don’t have. I have a ton of it and not because I don’t
care about my lovers and don’t love them. It’s because the last thing they
need is someone doing what everyone around them does…pushing
them, complianing, telling them what they don’t give and…making it all
about themselves. Drama.

Make every contact when it happens lively, positive, loving, sexual,
romantic and yes you can do that by texting conversation with hot gif
images and have a lot of fun, excitement, passion and hot images are
great as well if you’re not great and showing feelings. At least one is
trying.
Main thing, make each interaction about the person, enriching, positive
vibe and not dark, gloomy and about someone else who isn’t in this
relationship. Make it about you two.
2. Empathy
Show empathy by patience and by always bigging them up when you are
communicating. So avoid talking about how you so afraid he will burn
out but rather, listen, listen some more, and big your lover up and show
you support in that way.
Believe in your lover that they can handle it because everyone around
them probably look down on him. I don’t do that to my lovers no matter
who they are or if younger than me.
Instead I look at my lovers as equal and they can handle it. Listen, listen
and encourage postively.
3. Communication Vibe
I know most people think maturity is about what you know but it’s not.
It’s your behaviour, the vibe you bring, the understanding what to avoid
saying and knowing how to listen, being able to overome that which
prevents us to share our feelings romantically and bring that hot sexual
appeal.
You can easily know what to avoid. Know the person’s boundaries and
they know yours, and respect them.
How much you know as a sign of maturity is irrelevant to the
relationship. What is, is how you make the other person feel and in
connecting to their heart and desires, and emotions and imagination.
So avoid speaking about some guy, some ex and keep the vibe positive
between you both. No talk of crushes. No talk about someone else on
how their dick is big or how he speaks about some hot girl. No games and
manipulation.
You got time to text and so on, and time is limited.
Avoid using it selﬁshly for validation but be selﬁsh to arouse each other,
turn each other on everytime you speak, and make each other feel
amazing about each other.
Focus on the guy and I hope he does same with you too.
4. Patience
Yes, I did mention this again on purpose. We live in a world that moves
fast. Fast food. Fast crushes, Fast dating. Fast sex. Fast. You can go and
get a drink of coﬀee just like that. You can work into a place and fas
burger and fries. You can bang your own face on Tinder.
You can see a hot good looking guy and fall fast, and god help you or
anyone who then bitches “OOoh why did he use me.” No one uses
anyone. People got what they wanted because they fell for the fast and

due to their own psychological baggage.
So I am sure by now most people have experienced what fast can do and
not much if you want something amazing, incredble, meaningful and a
lot of value than the shit most attract due to “fast.”
This is why I love long distance because you can talk about how you’re
mature but patience is part of that, a big part of it. It is designed to teach
patience, and patience is a powerful life skill.
Not many people have it and so they fuck their life over.
Patience helps you tolerate minor frustrations without getting stressed
and so if you’re stressed or whatever, then a lot of growing up needs to be
done because patience can help you to see the bigger picture, the longterm and enables you to calm the shit down.
If ever you wanted to be treated right, be with someone who is so
compatible with you, so into you, know for real, then patience is the one
thing you need because you will see who the fucker really is in long
distance. They cannot hide who they are for long and who they are not.
Their pattern resurfaces soon enough.
When you are developing a long distance relationship you’re not just
nurturining a connection and love…you..develop strong incredible
character most take years to develop.
So be patient and give your man some distance if he needs it. Avoid
badgering him on why he doesn’t text, call and so on. If he is in school
right now, he has a heap of things on his mind, so relax, and when he
does contact or when you do…make sure…to take the vibe position.
Avoid drama, crisis talk, talk about other guys and he too, have
boundaries and respect each others boundaries.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Can I make girls go crazy for me and become a magnet if I
become a power lifter?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight…
Every girl or some girl goes into shower, fantasizes about power lifter, or a
guitarist, or a singer, or a guy who is a scientist, or a guy who got fast car and
bangs that shower head pounding her pussy…
While she fantasizes about a power lifter?
Her ass tightens, her whole body inside tightens. She feels the warmth intensiﬁes
like ﬁre, spreading from her ﬂushed hot face, down to her breasts. Her beasts
swelling, her nipples erect, she can feel the tingle and an incredible amazing rush
shoots through her entire body like an electricity bolt ﬁlling every crevice of her
curves…
Her quivering legs feel like they are about to cave in.
Her body in spasms as the ﬁre spreads down...down through her belly.
Her head cocks back, she bucks… the bathroom is ﬁlled with her whimpering and
groaning with sweet pleasure.

Sudddenly she feels the contracting pull like a vortex pulling her in and she
wants to hold on and yet let go at then same time. She feels the pulsating,
throbbing and pounding between her legs. Her breathingraces faster, deeper,
harder and louder.
Her eyes roll back and she claws to the walls of the shower as the shower head
drops hard to the wet ﬂoor for her to give out a scream of ecstasy…
“OOOOH POWER LIFTER! OOOH SINGER! OOOOH..MMMM…ARTIST….MMM
OOOH DOCTOR….MMMM. OOoooh MECHANIC!”
You’re missing the point.
Here it is..
Come closer.
Closer.
It’s how you make a woman feel alive.
That’s specialised knowledge, skill and tons of experience which lots of people
tell you, you don’t need to learn.
You are over-thinking and not putting enough work just approaching, talking to
girls, get some experience under your belt, and read, learn, get the skills you need
to communicate in the language that connects emotionally and psychologically.
Just go out and have fun.
You’re over thinking.
31 Views · View Upvoters

Is it advisable for a man to have only one girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget anyone else.
What is it you want?
What is your standards not society standards
What is your boundaries
You decide nots ociety because everyone else has their own values, own needs,
own desires because someone else, won’t have for example the conﬁdence, the
knowledge, the experience and insight and so on.
We are all diﬀerent and no use then trying to get someone to say what is best for
you as everyone has their own perception and way of doing things.
One can say oh this works ﬁor them, but you don’t know their psychological
position in life or baggage, or mindset level.
You only know yours.
I cannot base someone else’s failures for my life nor can with even their success.
That is down to me.
The only thing to take care aftewrds is this..
Whatever you decide, have the balls, and integrity to be honest. It removes
so much mess and you don’t need to hurt anyone as well. Just be honest in
whatever you decide.

I have multiple lovers, I don’t lie, cheat, and do anything most people do. Some of
my lovers know my other lovers, some meet together as well. No jealousy and nor
possessiveness.
We’re mature on that part. We left all that shit behind us and don’t need it and has
no beneﬁt in our lives.
The key is what you want, what is your standards, what are your boundaries, and
then just be clear and honest with the woman or women.
That’s really it but I don’t ask advice or ask society to tell me shit. I decide on
what I am capable of. I have boundarie, and I am clear cut down to the bone
honest to all my lovers.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What goes through your head when you see other people
smoking?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I like her Jacket
2. I like the way her hair ﬂows
3. I like his boots. Shit! Where did he get those from? I want some
4. I wonder if she’s an artist and she made her own clothes, she looks cool
5. Wow. What an ass on her
6. She smokes. I wonder if it’s Benson or Marlboro
7. How do they do those rollup thingy.
8. Oooh she’s got those small machines to roll up cigs. Never seen that
before.
That’s really it.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

A boy told me he loves me, I didn't say it back, I just said thanks.
He hasn't talked to me in months. If he really loves me, will he
talk to me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the hard lesson of life right now for you and for every person who believes
love is enough.
Love….is never enough.
I say this to men and women. It’s not enough and never will be. If you don’t
recipocrate back then the person feels rejected to move on.
That means..
1. If you desire someone say it to them. That is how connection happens. It
can start something but if you waﬄe on talking, the person won’t know.
2. If someone approaches you and shares their feelings then understand
and appreciate it isn’t easy. So when you attract someone to you but you
are full of yourself, think you’re god’s gift, and play some game, and say
“thanks,” you have just told this person, you don’t give a shit about them,
the feeling isn’t mutual and now they will feel hurt due to rejection and
they move on.

It’s ok to say no but if you feel the same then don’t play games. Make
your intent clear to that person.
3. If you’re unhealthy, sitting on ass, being part of the house, and just
sitting in front of screen watching porn while your lover has needs, has
desires and they want to be pleasured, and one doesn’t give a shit…don’t
expect it will last long. They will ﬁnd someone else who will give them
the attention.
4. If someone text, sends messages, and you keep saying you are busy and
do not put the same eﬀort as them or more, then don’t expect much.
They too can be busy but also…they too…can attract others in their life to
then see what they got.
If what they got isn’t giving back either in a balanced fashion. If the
person doesn’t show love and appreciation and all it is…is
take..take..take while someone else is giving..giving..giving..no matter if
it’s infatuation, it doesn’t matter…they will rationalise…and see you
don’t feel much for them.
They slowly withdraw, become distant and go somewhere else where
they do get same value or more back that they give.
5. If you’re boring, if you are unexciting, if you’re passive-aggressive, then
don’t complain why no one really sees much attractiveness, but rather
boring, unexciting.
Boring is of abundance.
Unexciting is of abundance.
Passive-aggressive is of abundance.
Being crazy like me, being free, wild, doing things, making shit happen
and saying what I desire and unafraid to do so without hurting others…is
not so abundant in this world. It’s valued and we attract like crazy those
who desire what we got.
Try it..someday. You’d be amazed what having balls does and how
passive-aggeressiveness doesn’t come close.
6. If you do not curve your communicate skills and social skills, and blame
it on how this is who you are, when we can grow, we can learn to
communicate better, show feelings, show desire, show lust, show
whatever the other is showing…. you are not going to grow and
communication is very important in this world that is people orientated.
People will assume you don’t care, you got something to hide, you are
doing it on purpose because everyone isn’t knowledeable about people’s
personalities and have that patience anyway.
Don’t blame them. You want some. Do something about your way of
communication. Grow.
7. If you got no goals, purpose, doing nothing, and you calmly cruising life,
then don’t expect the best in life either and someone you so want who is
kicking ass to wonder why they don’t want to be with you either and just
cruising life.
Love is not enough…
But most of all, understand human nature.

You had a guy walk up to you and he opened up to you and then you just said
thanks, and now expect him to keep coming back because…he loves you?
Love is never enough.
People when they get hurt do not want to get hurt again.
It’s a really shit feeling.
Pain is greater at times when a person gets rejected and it can change the way
that person now feels for you. It can change the way the person sees you and it
can kill atraction dead. Maybe not now but soon enough and it will turn into
something in which the person wants to avoid you at all cost.
You need to now rectify your mistake if you feel for him too and avoid acting half
heartedly about it.
Push your pride aside. That too is of abundance.
If you feel same way, then call him, apologise, or say it got you by surprise and
you was stumped due to his courage. Compliment his action and then say you
feel the same way too or attracted to him.
But if not, leave him alone.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are some clever ways to ﬁnd out if a girl / woman has a
crush on you without being too obvious?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure. No problem. I can deﬁnitely show that.
Take =1.
Too obvious = Hey girl, I want to pin you to the wall right now, spread your legs
and make you feel the ﬁre, the tingle as I caress your breasts and nipples, and
squeeze them as I fuck you, pound you, thrusting in and out.
The not so obvious = Hey there, I only got a minute but I saw you and just had to
come over to ﬁnd out who you are. You know, beauty is quiet common, genetics,
and I really want to ﬁnd out more about you and over a drink.
Take = 2
Too obvious = Hey, I saw your mad curves, and that ass of yours girl, I want to
pound it right now. Where you been girl all my life..Mmm delicious baby.
The not so obvious = Hey there, I know this may sound like a lame ass cheesy
pick up line but I just saw you and had to come over to say hi. (Flirt, converse,
laugh together and then get down to business in leading to a drink, phone number)
Take = 3
Too obvious = Hey, tell me something. You go to gym because man you got some
sweet going on there with that ﬁne ass and tits of yours, which I want to lick and
run my ﬁngers on you like you is honey and I’m the fucking hungry bear.
The not so obvious = Hey there, had to come over and wanted to ask, what do
you like to drink, cause I so want to ask you out this week and ﬁnd out who you
are.
Take = 4
Too obvious - Hey there, I just read an article from Adam Taha and he said that if
I see a hot babe, with sweet tight ass like yours which I want to fuck right now,

and Mmmm Mmm those tits of yours, to ask for your number. So what’s your
number so we can be fuckbuddies and whatever we want, just sex got to be on the
cards
The Not too obvious - Hey there, I only got a minute but wanted to ask, how on
earth do you walk on these high heels? (then listen, lead the conversation, keep it
fun and light hearted to lead with the number etc)
Take = 5
Too obvious = Hey, I was reading on Quora on how to ask a girl who I want to
fuck right now, and not make it obviious because rigt now, I want to take you split
your legs wide open and eat you out and have you ride my dick right now but I got
to be clever, so I can bullshit you and you can bullshit me, that sex never comes to
our minds, ever, at all. So any ideas?
The Not too obvious = Hey there, (with pad and paper, you have drawn naughts
and crosses. Right then, let’s see if you can beat me. Go on let’s see. (give her the
pen and now you got some icre breaker after the game is done).
Take = 6
Too obvious = Hey, so saw you with that white doctor science robe and it got me
thinking of all the sexy hardcore erotica kinky sex I so want to do with you. I can
see it now with your sweet white or black lingerie, me and you riding in your lab
with your hands tied with handcuﬀs. Baby, you is so hot, I could just go down on
you right now. What’s your number?
The Not too obvious = Hey there, you know after talking with you and hearing
you talk about your knowledge on science, medicine and I would like to continue
the conversation with you, over coﬀee.
Take = 7
Too obvious = Hey, you know what? I am so want to go down on you right now.
With your hour glass ﬁgure and my dck, we are so compatible baby. We can just
bang some movie to drown the noise because girl, you will feel the ﬁre and
scream out from the sweet pleasure and pain you’ll feel when we ride.
The Not too obvious = Hey, you’re into star trek too? Awesome. Listen, let’s
watch a movie on Netﬂix at my place, tonight.

There we go, the too obvious and not so obvious.
Have a great day ;)
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why did he stop responding to my text messages?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you played all this hard to get and got burnt. Doing all that show of not being
interested but really you are. Maybe you was also insecure like most women,
when they got some crush on a guy.
They do all that rationalising thing on how they haven’t got the package, haven’t
got this and this that the guy looks for. So he may not like you when you do this,
or not yet ready to do that.
But really, life is about negotiations.

If you over-think and don’t take action, you will do as you always did, move on,
like nothing more than a stranger, a traveler, because you let your insecurities
command you rather than going for what you want.
Nothing going to happen if you don’t take action no matter what and let the chips
fall where they may fall.
Many even with degrees and aged 40 have done what you did and they maybe
smart, they maybe have knowledge, but that means nothing when it comes to
taking action with dating.
The action in showing intent with a guy you women knowing what you want but
a live in some bubble fantasy, that goes nowhere in the end and going for what
you want.
When you don’t take action in showing interest you even get weaker. It is not in
harmony with what you desire and that in time cause psychological issues like
low self esteem, low conﬁdence and other issues.
Because that’s what inaction does.
It weakens you and it makes your insecurities whisper louder, everyday and
night. All you see everyday is the mirror of your own misfortunes in which was all
due to you fearing rejection, and thinking you’re not this, not that, and what if he
says no, blah blah blah.
Then you go oﬀ telling someone else, what to do, how to approach guys, and how
you should do this and that as you talk to your friend who did the same thing, but
you…didn’t..do it either.
I’ve seen many women and even guys do that to.
Talk big but really themselves do not take action on these matters. Rare to see
women approach guys and just doing the hints and subtle stuﬀ, like we can read
your minds. Rare to men these days also have the balls to approach a woman
without hesitation.
People…they wear social masks and they do it to protect themselves but really,
who are they protecting themselves from?
Themselves when they can just set boundaries. That alone can help them and
then go forth, come to that edge and take action.
So how long then are you going to stay away from the edge?
When are you going to ﬂy?
When are you going to walk to the edge, spread your wings and fucking ﬂy and
get away from all these negative thoughts, and insecurities?
When are you going to seperate yourself from most women who do nothing but
talk some big game online and oﬄine?
When?
When are you going to do it because time has gone by, day after day, month after
month and please, for heaven sake, don’t do what most women do and bullshit us
guys that you got some exciting amazing life when we know it’s fucking tedious,
boring, repetitive, which you call….”busy.”
You can bullshit some people all the time but not yourself because you always
look in the mirror and curl up doing the same thing, to hear those whispers on
how you’re not ready to come to the edge and ﬂy.

How long are you and many out there going to keep letting your own
insecurities pull you down?
When is your own bullshitting going to stop?
Don’t you know, all your degrees and hard work at a job, isn’t going to silent that
voice? No matter how busy you get, you know don’t you, that you are not really
growing but swimming in your own doubts and insecurities.
Maybe, today you might just surprise yourself this time..
Come to the edge, and yes, I know it’s scary but come to the edge, and then do the
following..
1. Contact that guy
2. Let him know you’re interested, and no, not as a friend but really
interested in him romantically.
3. Apologise and say you just didn’t know what to do and it was all
emotions.
4. And would he like to go out maybe this week for a drink at a cafe and
probably laugh at it all oﬀ and start again.
Seperate yourself from many women out there and sure, maybe nothing will
happen but one thing will……you grow. You learn. You then let go of all that crap
and the whisper get’s lower and lower until you don’t hear it as much.
Make the call.
You made a mistake. We all do.
But don’t make it again. Make the call. Don’t let it deﬁne you.
Make…the call. Text him. Move on but be stronger.
You can do this.
Text him, explain, put a smile on his face and your face too that you at least took
action.
And whatever happens, at least you took action and it hasn’t become a burden on
your shoulders, which is the last thing you ever need in life to look back in regret.
8.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should you do when a girl says you have to do something
in order to date her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You lucky dude.
Smile my man. Smile your head oﬀ and even whistle some shit tune. In fact laugh
your head oﬀ right in her face and walk away.
Laugh like this..

Throw a party and put on a massive banner.
“I HAVE BEEN SAVED!”
Yes, you have.
That’s what you do.
You walk away from people like that who come out with that kind of bullshit. Life
just showed you why…you…never date her, ever.
You lucky guy.
Celebrate with drinks with your friends and laugh your head oﬀ.
Now approach many other girls and do it with a smile.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are some mind games which men play with women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the techniques is called the Push and Pull technique. You’ll ﬁnd a lot of
guys in school, college and even adults doing this nonsense.
To see it how it’s done from someone who is going through it…
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a guy says he thinks you're
pretty but also says don't have your hopes up for me to ask you out?
The idea of this technique is to show interest and then disinterest. That’s a guy
trying to ramp up some social status.
It confuses the woman on what’s going on.
1. So he will compliment you ﬁrst
2. Then devalue you
3. Then will say something positive
4. And devalue you, again
5. Then he will say something positive
And so on, and some will fall for this as showing interest.
It doesn’t matter if the guy is interested in you or not. He’s messing with your
head. He’s playing with your mind
It’s making you confused and that’s the point of it.
It keeps you hooked.
Then you think..
“I don’t know what’s going on. I’m confused.”

That’s exactly what it supposed to do but if you’re needy, desperate for the guy,
you will see it as interest and not realise how he played you as well, and you need
to then ask yourself a question..
Do you really want to date a guy who messes with your head? Can you trust
someone who plays such games?
You can see it right here to see how it’s played..
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a guy says he thinks you're
pretty but also says don't have your hopes up for me to ask you out?
14.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says he thinks you're pretty but
also says don't have your hopes up for me to ask you out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d avoid this guy. He’s using the push and pull techique.
He’s like some immature guys and girls, who play the game because they so
craving validation. Fearing rejection so they do this technique which is a very bad
habit. Learnt from other guys and probably on some pickup websites.
See here on games most men play mind games on women:
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a guy says he thinks you're
pretty but also says don't have your hopes up for me to ask you out?
You’ll mess your head up with his guy, playing the ambigious play hard to get
game.
Just look at his words so you see the technique…
He says he thinks I'm pretty - This is the pull
Don't get your hopes you for me ask you out - the push
He said I'm not rejecting you. The pull
He told me he asks himself should he bother dating. - The push
He said he has a lot on his mind including me on his mind - the pull
You see, if you don’t know what is going on, you’d see that as he’s interested in
you but got lots going. He’s playing the game.
He learnt that oﬀ others.
The show interest and the disinterest
This is then push and pull technique. Nothing is going on. It’s a game being
played. Oldest trick in the book.
Yes you’re confused because that’s this dark seduction technique. It’s suppose to
attract and then make you feel despair, confused.
That’s why it’s called the push and pull technique.
A guy of conﬁdence doesn’t ever need to use this and a girl of conﬁdence also
doesn’t ever use this.
He’s playing with your head.
The red ﬂags are there.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you read when you feel down?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing

Answered Apr 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. The Dog Solution Tweets
I like animals and they are dogs and cats. So when I’m feeling a bit rough then I
check out the dog solution, The photos of the dogs put a smile on my face
because they can turn anything what we take for granted into awesomeness…

Check out Dog Solution (@DogSolutions) | Twitter
2. Fake Science Tweets
Now I didn’t excel much in science when at school but still, I enjoy science with a
Parody twist. So if your’e into science and want to roll your eyes, smile or laugh
then Fake Science will do it for you…

Check it out at Fake Science (@FakeScience) | Twitter
3. HitchHikers Guide to the Galaxy
It’s about the adventures of Arthur Dent, a hapless Englishman, who learns the
Earth is going to be demolished to make way for a galactic freeway He is then
taken or more preciselt plunked from planet earth and what happens next is one
cracking awesome adventure.
I like reading this book over and over again…

4. Your illustrated Guide to the Universe
Far in the universe is a silent voice and yet ever so powerful, a world ﬁlled beings,
worlds and most of all…you. This book takes you on a lessons and it’s not some
self development book but rather leads you on a journey with gorgeous
illustrations to become one…with the universe.

1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do so many people on Quora advocate being direct in
relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean not being ambigious then yes. I prefer being direct. It has helped a
great deal when it comes to everything in life for me, not just dating and
relationship but everything.
For example see this on games people play and how it leaves some confused..
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a guy says he thinks you're
pretty but also says don't have your hopes up for me to ask you out?
Yes, I ﬂirt but then we get down to business. It shouldn’t be this chasing game
thing most do. I don’t do any of that. Nor do the push and pull technique that
you’ll read on that link to see a guy doin git.
That is when people create drama,, confusion, stress for themselves and for
others, Mostly for ohers if someone playing that game.
I will ﬂirt and I ﬂirt heavy, being fun, sexualise as well, remove awkwardiness but
then we connect.
We now really move foreward or..I move on. There isn’t any confusion and no one
is left hanging on what is going on or confusion.

For example, in dating I don’t mean direct as in..
“Hey, I want to fuck you right now,” as I walk to the bar towards her.
Don’t get me wrong. I do sexualise but I know what I am doing and why. There’s a
way of doing things.
I attract a certain type of woman. The sexually conﬁdent, wild, adventureous and
smart. They love the type of man I am. They seek this type of man and so I behave
as such and it is my true nature as well. So I am congruent to who I am and what I
want.
I show intent and I behave as a lover. It’s fun. It’s exciting. We have our laugh and
we also now connect at a level of understanding.
This has worked for me because I want the woman to know my intentions clearly
right there and then. Second, it saves me a HUGE amount of time and third it
diﬀerentiates me from many men who are passive-aggressive. Fourth, removes
confusion from both sides.
It has helped me and still does….
I ﬁlter out playing hard to get women.
I ﬁlter out attention seekers
I ﬁlter out women who might play other games
I ﬁlter women fast who are not compatible
I get a no faster
I get a yes faster
It helped me greatly to zoom past while most guys take ages. It has given me a
peace of mind.
Same in relationship.
There is no hints but open comunication with lots of empathy, fun, excitement,
sexualisation and it’s just makes everything simple. It’s not confusio and there
isn’t any room for “what does it mean?”
So yes. I do prefer being direct in approaching and yes I do ﬂirt.
When it’s time to really get down to it, you really need to be open and direct or it’s
just going to be where you don’t know what they want and you don’t know if
you’re compatible anyway.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you tell someone you care for them when he thinks you
just used him to get something?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Since I don’t know the full story I’m going to take it that deep down you got your
own insecurities and your rationslise your fear of rejection, your fear of not
getting validated and you’re own sense of wanting to fulﬁll a sense of destiny by
doing nothing by saying….
“It will interfere his work.”
So you have already fulﬁlled your sense of destiny.
“We haven't talked in over a year and probably never will since I moved away.”

The same with many women who got some crush on guys, but come up with all
kinds of reasons, whether it is what he said, or what he did, or what he wrote, and
on and on and on it goes to make themselves believe in their own script.
Because how do you reinforce that script?
A person does it by their behaviour.
I get most women don’t take risks when it comes to dating. I get that most see one
challenge and rationalise all day that this is why they don’t contact the person
but life is also about negotiations.
You don’t get if you don’t ask for it or at least try.
Like is about making that connection and seeing what happens.
Personally, if I know a woman who has feelings for me and she cannot even
overcome some challenge to at least say she is sexually and romantically
interested, then it also reveals that if anything did happen, she won’t be strong
enough anyway when challenges does happen.
Life has it’s own way, like a ﬁltering system and that’s one of it’s ways. It puts a
wall up and so it’s like saying..
“Let’s see what you’re made of because if you didn’t know, it’s not really about that
guy but who you are, how strong you are and if you’re ready to grow..”
That’s why I take actions when I desire someone no matter what. Everytime I do
even if there is a wall, and even after I go through it and I get a rejection, I am a far
better man for it. Stronger, more smarter and I learnt a lot more about myself
than doing nothing.
People rob themselves by doing nothing.
Nothing is an action in itself. It’s still a choice.
And so, that script is reinforced and it won’t be just with him. It be a repeated
pattern with other guys in the future.
It repeats itself time and time again.
People say they desire someone.
People say they got a crush on someone.
People say they have fallen for someone.
But really, they only fallen in love and care for themselves, nurturing rocking
their insecurities back and forth in the back of their minds.
Whatever the full story is, it must mean something to you to ask the question and
for life saying to you…
“It’s not really about him. It’s about you. The lesson in which can come from it even
if he’s a guy who says no. You at least became stronger for it and learnt something.”
But if you know for sure, he is insecure, he has some trust issues, said that to you,
verbally then a preson script can take a long time to change.
It’s why when I see a woman saying this or that about trust to me, oh how guys
just want her for sex….I don’t bother with.
She just self sabotaged herself and I know it’s her script and we are done. I have
no time changing someone. That’s not my job. That’s their job.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Is a guy going on dates with lots of girls a way of saying he
doesn’t want a commitment?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Which guy and what do you mean by commitment?
You see this world has diﬀerent people who have diﬀerent needs, and there are
diﬀerent relationship models and people can choose which one they want to be
in and make…their..own..rules the way I do.
Commitment to one girl/guy means “dating, being exclusive, monogamy.”
To another it means that and later moving in togeher,
To another it means that and also marriage.
To another it means they like dating multiple lovers and like fucking multiple
lovers without the drama, hassle and all the whistle sold to society.
To another it means doing that and relationship as well, and I am down for
relationship to but not with jealous and possessive type of women. I cannot stand
that and I won’t have it in my life and have to be high sexuals with other
compatibility issues.
To another it means long term partner but both of them can have fuckbuddies
and there is some agreement with each other on boundaries.
I can go on and on.
Comittment is going to be a diﬀerent language for diﬀerent people.
The key is this…
1. Know what you want.
2. Know what compability means to you
3. Know what your boundaries are
4. And if someone isn’t compatible, if they say no then don’t judge them
and just move on.
World is ﬁlled withn people with diﬀerent desires and needs, and you can’t ﬁt
everyone in a box and then label them as this and that.
No one knows the individual’s psychological script and even the person at times
don’t know, but what they do follow is what they feel and they got a right to
choose and follow what they feel is right for them.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with a person who expects a lot from you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No problem. It maybe she has a personality and that’s her language. Maybe she
has other needs as well. So what I would do is this..
1. Begining of any relationship I say what my boundaries are and ﬁnd what
is hers. Some I may add and some she may too later on, but we get there.
2. Now she knows the expectations
3. If she is showing she wants a lot then we will sit down and communicate
with each other and ﬁnd out what is her true expectations, what does she
want from from me.

4. I now know and calmly explain what I can oﬀer and what I won’t. You
don’t have to shout at someone, be harsh on someone, whether lover or
friend. You can though maturely communicate and in doing so they may
grow as welll or may not, but you did your best.
5. If still I ﬁnd it’s just not going to happen, then we go our seperate ways. I
can’t change people. It’s hard enough on what I had to do to develop the
man I am today but I’m not going go ballistic. No need for it when you
can be relaxed and sort it out maturely.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I want to talk to my boyfriend but he don't want to talk to me
due to his exams. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Its natural to be stressed out due to exams. The thing you can do to make it easier
for him and you.. is to give him some distance.
Let him do whatever he’s got to do and you can have some fun, time to yourself
and friends, and if you got exams yourself then there we go.
He’s just stressing and probably he left a lot too late so he hammering it now to
pack whatever he can in. So he’ll be under pressure.
Nothing to worry about.
Just let him deal with it and you just relax.
When sorted he’ll contact you and if exams ﬁnished..give him few more days and
if he doesn’t call, you call him.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is something that needs to be said?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“What you don’t grow through, you will go through again and again.”

You are going through a challenge.
Maybe it’s fear of approaching women. Maybe it’s fear of approaching men.
Maybe getting a job. Maybe it’s ﬁnishing a book. Maybe it’s money but your habits
just not cutting it and your lifestyle is a mess.
Maybe you’re girlfriend or boyfriend left you and it’s got you into a dark place and
you’re continually ranting, blaming or waiting for them to change. So you are
afraid to move on because you fear the unknown.
Maybe you didn’t do what you need to do because it means doing the not so easy
tasks and you’re up shit creek right now because your unproductive habits has
aﬀected everything for you.
Whatever it is, think of this phase as growth as you remember these words I say
time and time again..
“What you don’t grow through, you will go through again and again.”

From A to B is growth and you decide, no one else but you on how long you will
stay in this part.
The problem is the blaming and the insecurities might be your reality at this
moment in time or you can decide to create your own reality and make it bigger
than your insecurities to take positive productive actions.
You can decide right now…
“Enough is enough. I’m going to grow through it.”

If you don’t grow through it, you will go through this pain over and over and over
again. You will always feel helpless. You will always fear rejection so bad and you
will stay stuck.
You will let situations, circumstances and whatever you want to blame to prevent
you to grow through it and it be like a broken record, going round and round.
You will always continue to ask why nice guys don’t get girls, and why assholes
and bad boys get the girls….and why women decide this and that. On and on it
goes to stay put in that dark place.
Here’s the plan…
You’re goal is to get to B and when you do….you will get to C with such speed you
will wonder why on earth you didn’t do this in the ﬁrst place. The most diﬃcult
phase is from A-B.
Here’s why…
It starts when the person stops blaming someone or situations for whatever
failures and ﬁgure out the solution…

How long do you want to be in phase A to B is up to you.
You want to continue blaming assholes?
You want to continue blaming bad boys?
You want to continue blaming your looks, your height, your lack of
education, lack of money and women and other guys?
You want to continue doing what hasn’t worked for you?
You can do whatever you want but it is you who pays that price. You will go
through it again and again, and again.
You can call someone an asshole, a bad boy and you can blame it on anything
your heart desires to feel better for a while to stay in the comfort zone.
You can believe all the social norms you like and all the things most people tell
you which hasn’t worked for you.
You stay there to face the same helpless situation, behaving as a victim, blaming
or believing whatever you want to believe.
Or you start with a positive and stronger reality…

Attitude is not enough.
It’s s great start but it’s not enough.

Before investing in specialised knowledge and skills….you will need to overcome
your old habits that kept you stuck
You will need to sort out your thinking.
You will need to sort out your negative self talk which is programming you
consistently to play the game of a victim.
You will need to sort out your social awkwardiness when approaching girls or
guys. You will need to work on yourself ﬁrst to sort out your lack of conﬁdence
and your low self.
You will need to understand your self more than ever to ensure the foundation is
rock solid ﬁrst or everything else is a waste of time.

The enemy is not out there. It’s in here. In you.
The great obstactle has always been yourself.
You’re own psychology, your own script, that game you have in your mind is your
true enemy.
It is social masks you wear to cover up your fears of the true story.
It is preventing you to succeed.
You have to ﬁgure what that script is. Know where it came from. How did you see
yourself and life like this.
That script is reinforced by your own behavioiur to make your world predictable.
You make it predictable by making sure the poor results happen by blaming
others or anything outside yourself to cover up your own insecurities.
Why? It’s easier to blame. It makes you feel comfortable.
Face your demons or your script will tkeep you in that phase for a lot longer and
maybe for the rest of your life.
When you have done that…it is not over…
But it’s an awesome start..
You now have to sort your life out to invest in the specialised knowledge and
skills. No more cutting corners.

Notice how you are still in the growth period?
A to B can take you 6 months -2 years or much longer. Most men and women who
are unwilling to sort their baggage out take 20 years because they wait too long
and have been comfort but the pain is now too much.
Some people stay there and never really grow to their full potential.
It all depends you.
Avoid the cliche of comparing your failues or success on anyone. This is about
you battling it out with yourself.
When you got the knowledge and skill, you now need to learn how to apply, one
step at a time. You don’t move from one thing until you get an understanding
about it and get good at it.
Then you move on to the next and next and next while repeating then process.
Learning has it’s own process.

You apply and that has it’s own process.
You measure and that has it’s own process
Improving has it’s own process.
Learn, apply, measure and mprove to make it work for you.

Now we are in business because when you apply without over thnking too much
and just get it done, you reach B quicker.
The moment you reach to B, you keep going.
Just because you tasted some success, doesn’t mean to slow down. It’s not over
yet. Don’t be too hasty to stop!
Put your peddal down.
This is the time to hammer it and keep going on creating a huge momentumn.
You will get to C faster than the growth period.
If the growth period took you 2 years, it will take you months to get from B to C.
That’s how fast it can be.
However, the biggest challenge for people is a person has to get grow through the
pain to get to B ﬁrst.
The longer you avoid doing so, the longer you keep going through the same
frustrations over and over again.
That’s why..
“What you don’t grow through, you will go through again and again.”
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

If a man admits he is attracted to you, but says you are too
young for him, does that attraction ever go away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction doesn’t go away if the ﬁre is burning, which means, if something is
going on to keep building it. Problem is no one will ever know until you take the
step to ask and ﬁnd our for yourself.
Attraction can also die out fast in a few weeks if nothing happens like showing
intent and coming to an agreement that both are attracted to each other and so
forth but….attraction is the ﬁrst phase.
It needs other things like….compatibility.
Conpatibility is not about age, culture, religion, education and all that most think
it is.
It is an attitude ﬁrst in which two people agree they believe in a process and will
work together to make it happen for each other happiness without losing their
own personality, individuality and goals in life.
But what is happening is the guy is saying no due to age a while back and so, there
is a friction.
Friction is personal to the individual, in which it can be religious, it can be
cultural, time factor and anything else, but no matter what it is, it is the person
really saying this…

“I am attracted to you but I’m sorry, I haven’t the balls to overcome this fear I have,
regarding what people will say.”
Or “this is not as important to me as the pain I might face.”
Every guy is diﬀerent for example, I won’t give a fuck what society says but I have
personally overcome many frictions and so I have real life examples in my life
that much of what people think matters, doesn’t.
To him though it matters and it can be something else, that is causing the friction
like..
“I am attracted to you but I just feel if I introduce you to my friends, relatives, blah
blah, it be too much for me.”
That to me also means fuck all because I don’t choose for friends, relatives but for
me. But that might be important for him. It’s not wrong and it’s just his friction.
In other words, he has shown his intent when you wanted to date him. That
intent was no because he was unwilling to take action to make it into a yes. It
doesm’t matter what reason he gave and explained.
So attraction can still be there, no one will really know, but if the friction is too
much for the person, if the pain is too much for that person than being with the
one they are attracted to, it’s not going to happen.
The person will show the intent of inaction towards dating you and the
relationship.
It is diﬀerent if the guy is into you and he is going to meet you in a year or
whatever, and walla but that is not the case here.
He has shown his intent and you need to take that seriously, and not do what
most people try to do….ﬁx…change.
Best to be with someone who wants to be with you, is willing to take action and
isn’t giving you some reasons why he can’t.
If you want to know if he is still attracted to you and if you want to know he has
changed his thoughts, do it quick.
Ask him and it he still not sure, not interested..move on.. or you’re going to get
hurt. You’re going to invest more on someone who isn’t worth your time.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What would your Quora followers not be surprised to learn
about you?

 https://www.quora.com/What-would-your-Quora-followers-be-surprised-to-learn-about-you
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Apr 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am consistent in my personality and who I am.
I am the same oﬄine as I am online, I take pride on that. I don’t behave diﬀerent
here or there.
I am…consistent.
Yes, even on Facebook…

788 Views · View Upvoters

What would your Quora followers be surprised to learn about
you?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Apr 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My friends walk into a large living room, on left are shelves ﬁlled with many of
my writings, for future books I am publishing on dating, sex, psychology of
women and men on attraction, to all sorts I am passionate about.
They see my two laptops and a desk ﬁlled with paper, of books I have printed out
to give to publishers in a couple of months.
Another laptop with large screen of manuals I am illustrating with writings as
well, which is a book I am writing.
They see copies of magazines I designed and written years ago.
They have heard me speak ﬂuently and some have seen women in night clubs, in
many diﬀerent places where the women will be in a trance as I speak, ﬂowing
with words and they’d go crazy, their whole body behaviour changes into sexual
and their actions later as well escalates to heights in which it feels like they have
been starved of sex.
And as I listen to some folks and friends talk about how they wish they had time
to write, or they do have time but can’t be assed, they’d be surprised to know…
I’m Dyslexic and struggled with it since I was a child and still do.
Most think it’s just about the experience of written words, spelling but it’s also
spoken word and coming up with speciﬁc names, dates when under some
presure, or remembering sequences or list of spken words such as telephone
numbers…even…my own.
I have to have mine written down, and I have to check on my phone what is my
number.
One problem was when I went for a Visa and there was questions and I had to give
my own post code, and I had to work for 2 weeks hard, to ensure I remembered it
and did it with images in my head to remember the letters and numbers.
Some of the diﬃculties it can cause are:
Short term memory or the sequence pattern of things. It is why I
documented my life story, and many other things when I was able to
read and write, or I’d not remember as much as most do.
Also the speed in processing conversation, to reading and spelling which
can cause problems with keeping track of conversations, followng
instructions and expressing my views.
That’s why technology has become one of my powerful tools whether it is texting
and private messaging because I can look at past conversation ﬂow and not have
too much concentration in remembering past conversations.
It’s made life easier for me which is why I love texting and have become very good
at it when it comes to dating.
It can be severe in writing accurately in a structured way which is why, I like the
edit suggestion tools here in which people can help with editing, and those who
ﬂag, report to me are nothing but useless in communities when we got tools like
these. Either be helpful or don’t bother.
So…when I write detailed answers…
When I pound on the keyboard..

When I send detail reply messages or text…
It’s not easy for me but I do it anyway because I care about what I do, or about the
person I am communicating with.
Now will someone know if they meet me face to face?
Will some know if they read my work?
No. They probably see grammer and mispelling but not really know it’s due to
what I mention, which is why I have friends who proof read my books I am
writing.
Now you know ;)
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop being kind and loving since all people just end
up hurting me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People are not hurting you.
You are hurting yourself by doing things for validation, craving for approval to
such a level you don’t protect yourself.
It is human nature where people will take and take and take.
You so want to avoid conﬂict. You hate it. You don’t like rocking the boat. You
don’t like saying no to people. You will put everyone else’s needs ﬁrst before your
own.
It’s the Nice guy/girl behaviour traite.
Also many people who have Supportive personality will do that too. Putting other
friends needs ﬁrst before their own. Then you become really busy, busy even for
someone who does give love to you but you’re oblivious to that person because
your personality needs to be balanced.
Support personalities sometimes don’t realise friendship and even relatives isn’t
everything and only thing in life but boundaires, having them is. If you don’t
have them you will feel stressed out and it aﬀects your abilities to do things for
yourself which you enjoy at a balanced level.
Even sexual can get impacted due to that stress and creativity in your own things
you want to do.
If you don’t establish boundaries then you hurt yourself because people will not
know the limit until you educate them what it is. Some people are not self aware
themselves what they are doing and so you can’t leave it to people but to yourself
to take responsibility for your own behaviour by being self aware of your
personality and balance things.
You need to be self aware why you do things like that and hurt yourself…
You have a script in your head and that script is saying no one loves you, no one
gives a shit and you reinforce this script by your own behaviour to make your
world predictable..
“Oh see, people use me, when I am kind and nice and..”
This is the same with girls who also say..
“Oh guys only use me for my body, for sex…”

Same for guys who are Nice Guys, who afraid of rocking the boat, who hate
conﬂict but they so desire acceptance, approval and validation from girls that
they will put girls before their own self respect and needs.
Then they blame guys like me and call us Assholes because we know ourselves,
we are self aware and we know how to attract girls and even put them in their
place if they try to step over our boundaries. We don’t put our dick ﬁrst but our
self respect and if people call us bad boys, assholes we don’t give a damn.
No one put a gun to these girls to date us, no one.
So when you say people hurting you because your nice, kind etc…
No. People are people, who come in all shapes and sizes, needs and wants. Most
of all, they also crave for validation, acceptances and they will take and take, and
take and take.
Until you change your script, stop playing games with yourself and realise you
are part of the problem. That takes you to be self aware of why you do what you
do and accept that part of the problem is yourself.
Then correct your behaviour and learn about your own personality, it’s strengths
and weaknesses.
How do you protect yourself?
1. You establish boundaries. Know what you want and what you don’t
want. Draw the line and let no one cross it. Politely say if they do and let
them know.
2. You stop doing things to be approved and accepted to such a level you
don’t have boundaries in place.
There is nothing wrong with healthy validation and wanting to be appreciated
but if you go too far by not having boundaries, and by pushing it then not only
will some people who have yet to grow will walk all over you but also….you push
the ones who do want to be in your life away.
You push them away by playing games to them to get attention from them. It will
be emotional draining for them because you’re always talking problems, drama,
seeking attention in ways that are not productive to the relationship.
That’s where every interaction is to provoke a response rather engaing and
connecting with the person.
It’s all attention seeking because you will be craving for validation and crave for
attention like it’a a drug.
So stay as you are but don’t make nice, kindness as some agenda where you do
things without boundaries because you crave for attention, for validation, to be
approved and appreciated.
Establise your boundaries and make them known.
38 Views · View Upvoters

How do I encourage her to text me back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re investing way too much on a girl who you haven’t clariﬁed to her you’re
intent, that you’re attracted to her and so, all your eﬀort will be wasted if it’s one
way and it looks like…it is one way.
You’ve been friendzoned deep into the antartica.

I never text girls until we have come to an understanding that attraction is thete
between us. I make that part clear ﬁrst and it is not clear from her side, if she’s
being ambigious, avoiding to show intent, I know she’s playing games, she just
wants attention and she’s someone not to invest time into.
Always invest less in begining by showing intent quicker so you can move on or
move forward.
Get that right ﬁrst because if you do what most guys do which you are, then
you’re going to learn the hard way that girls love attention, and validation, and
will only use you and text to kill time, not because they are into you.
This is one of the biggest mistake guys do, Nice Guys who supplicate to girls,
impressing girls, being subservient to girls and girls getting rewarded with text,
with attention when they have not show you intent back.
I won’t text her at all but distance yourself and approach other girls, and this
time, make sure you know she is into you as you are into her.
It’s not one way but two way, and this is one way from what I am seeing. Where
you are putting eﬀort, doing the work and she is dong nothing.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

If you were to write a love letter to your crush, how would it go?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dear….
I was going to write this lover letter but damn it!
I was reading Adam Taha’s answer and realised something most of us don’t
realise until it is far too late.
As I read Adam Taha’s answers I realised that writing a love letter to any girl is
indeed a cowards way of doing things and it’s mostly because of how I have
grown in an environment where I was socially conditioned due to cultural beliefs,
Bollywood and Hollywood movies, romance stories told by most people who
haven’t got a fucking clue.
The things I learnt are as followed…
1. I have not shown my interest to you face to face, but with also an
understanding, you’re not a fucking godess. You’re like any human
being, and just because you got pussy ass and ass, doesn’t mean I behave
in a manner to supplicate you, be some chump and put you on a
pedestal.
2. Yes, behaving passive-aggressive isn’t unique. Plenty of people are like
that and well, I don’t want to be the guy who is. Instead conﬁdent in
myself and just approach immediately and get it over with.
3. I also learnt that I have to be mature in ﬁrst verbally converse and see
who you really are, and then if I feel I like your personality, and if you
behave in a manner that I like, I will ask you out, and if you reject,
well….you’re not the only girl on this planet and it’s ﬁne by me.
4. One thing I won’t do is chase or convince you, because I got enough self
respect and know I am worthy of the right girl who will say yes. If you say
no, awesome. I move on.
5. What I also won’t do is be some Nice Guy, pretending, being dishonest,
secretive, worried that I got to have everything perfect, afraid of conﬂict,
afraid to rock the boat and a coward by hiding my intent about a girl.

6. No, I won’t be a Nice Guy who pretends to be a friend with you and work
under the radar until you get to know me.
7. My time is valuable and also, I am not a douche to do that or coward. I’m
sure most guys will do that, orbit around you, kiss your ass, do favours
for you, supplicate to you, be your taxi, always agreeing to your words
even when they don’t, trying to impress you with being nice…generous…
kind…and..listen to how someone likes you, how someone fucked you
and all the drama…because they want to get between your legs.
8. No, not me but don’t mistake that I DO want to get between your legs and
I will say it in an indirect fun way…and if your head is up your ass and
start saying whatever, then hey, I don’t worry about conﬂict or rocking
the boat. I rock the boat and so I will smile and walk away because your
head is up your ass to have no sense of charisma.
9. I will ensure that you know what I want and what’s on oﬀer and you can
then decide. But understand that I too can decide to say no as well if you
behave in a manner I don’t like.
10. Now one of the things I also discovered is if I see a girl I am interested in,
to not hesitate so I build some movie in my mind about you. Because
let’s face it, you’re nobody to me and I am no one to you. Such approach
builds emotions, feelings and I’ll be investing time, eﬀort, thinking when
I don’t know if you will feel the same way.
It will only make rejection hit hard because I emotionally invested too
much, I put too much eﬀort when I need to put less, and not bother
doing all what Nice Guys do. Instead take action immediately and get a
FUCK YES OR A FUCK NO.
11. Oh yes, before I forget….another thing is writing a love letter to someone
who hasn’t emotionally invested in me is immature. You don’t give
someone those feelings and type of of words like it’s nothing. like love is
something you just throw to the wind. You haven’t earned it yet and nor
have I to say them just like that.
12. I now understand it is better to show intent immediately and if all goes
well in that we do date, then through time I get to know you more, you
get to know me more, and we become sexual and romantically involved,
to such as time passes like months or year, words like “love” is something
you’ll take very seriously because you will think..
“He’s not lying, he’s not sweet talking me because I have experienced the
evidence, in being with him, he’s been with me, I have fallen for him and he
has too. It has bee shown in actions many a times and I showed him in
actions many a times too. He respects himself in not saying such words to
me when we haven’t really connected that deeply as lovers.
It must be true for him to now say and also….he understands the diﬀerence
between infatuation and love. And saying such words so easily when there
hasn’t been romantic history between us for a time span of months or
years, is immature..”
So I have written this letter but I will never send it.
Instead it is a reminder of the lessons I have learnt from Adam Taha, who by the
way does sound like a complete fucking Asshole, but hey…I agree on what he says
especially….
“An Asshole will tell you as it is. Your friends, your relatives, most people in society,
the movies and romance novels will tell you…what you…want to hear…”

Yours
Awakened from the fantasy
5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over my jealousy of all my friends being smarter
and more talented than me?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am going to share with you one of my most powerful secrets.
This has enabled me to be get pretty good with art, singing, songwriting, playing
guitar, dancing and all kinds of things.
Here it is..
1. I ﬁnd the friends who are smarter and more talented than me
2. I don’t envy them but take interest in their talents and them
3. I also learn from them, practice and get all knowledge from them
4. I then invest time, eﬀort, consistently, practicising and even….hired
private tutors as well.
5. I let people know I learnt from these awesome friends because I did.
They are awesome for sharing the knowledge so I am bigging them for
everyone else to come and learn from them too.
And…I found my friends now envy me but….I tell them..
“Come over man, and we’ll practice together and you can beat the shit out of me
soon enough, and then I will learn from you and beat the shit out of you, and that
way we can push each other and be badass in this world of ours!”
And they do!
It’s awesome.
Throughout my life I go where the most talented are, most skilled, most
knowledeable in whatever I want to learn…and…I learn from them. I admire their
discipline. their passion, their conviction and I know, with hard work, working
smart, learning how to practice properly, I’d get as good or close enough
But what I also discovered was this..
In all my friends who do play amazing, I have the most vibrant charismatic,
ballsy personality of the lot and it is this….that really brings my talents I have
learnt come to life.
Avoid attaching who you are by external objects like validation, acceptance,
approval but rather know, really know, that you got all the love, all the magic, all
that you so ever wanted and wanted to be, right inside you.
Celebrate your friends achievements, let them know you’re proud of them and be
that friend, who wants them to succeed.
It is this that has brought friends far and wide to me, and even experts because I
don’t see them as competition.
I see them as allies….and… together we can make our life easier when we learn
from each other and exchange knowledge.
It is what I learnt and what is called..
Master Mind.

Coming together and learning together, helping one another for each other to
achieve their goals.
24 Views · View Upvoters

Waitresses keep ﬂirting with my BF right in front of me. I get so
upset. How should I handle these situations?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, she will. It’s all about the money, tips.
They got to make some tips and so they do all that smiley, lovely eye contact and
all that touching and hahahaha, laughing, for…tips.
I would not handle it but celebrate it with you winking at your boyfriend,, letting
him know, you’re very conﬁdent and letting him know…he’s so attractive, and he
will feel awesome, as you walk..
“See all girls look at you, it’s such a turn on baby, Mmmm, let’s go home as I got a
surprise for you,”
And give him a ﬂirty tongue lips dance as you stroke him seductively…

Use these opportunities to your advantage ;)
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do you know someone who is beautiful and truly believes
he/she is ugly? What is their story and what is the reason for
their self-hatred?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, one of my ex-girlfriend, 6 years ago is when I broke up with her.
I met her when I was working with promoters for an album and record label asked
me to come in.
When I met her, she worked as a dancer, and extremely attractive. It was she who
approached me because of what she heard me say to another guy, and she
became curious.
I thought because she’s a model, danced in many successful music/songs and in
videos and performed with established famous artists, she’d have high self
esteem but as you know….conﬁdence is very diﬀerent to self esteem.
It was only as time went by that I began to see the bigger picture.
Smart, graduated, in Natural Science and interested in Computer science. Sex
was really amazing and her body was curvy and yet model like, gorgeous type of
ﬁgure especially when she wore tight clothes or ﬂowing dresses.
Tall and ﬂowing red hair and ivory white skin with cute frickles.

But she was very insecure about herself and believed she wasn’t attractive. She
would worry a lot about her look and since the industry she was in was about the
look it would play on her mind a lot.
She always believed she wasn’t good enough with her job, her body, not good
enough in dating me, and it went on and on. So much so, she was medication as
well and be in depression.
She always questions why I said yes, and why I am with her in a relationship.
There are times, I wish I didn’t show her my world and let her see the many
talents I have but then I also know, the psychological position, her script was due
to her own being and not mine.
It lasted for 6 months.
I just had to walk away as it was emotionally draining.
It’s why if I ﬁnd a girl show signs of similar insecurities before dating, through
conversation, I back away immediately. Sometimes though, people wear social
masks and you don’t see it quick enough but as time goes by, you see them for
who they truly are.
People are predictable in their patterns and you can see in conversations and
behaviour before leading to the realisation. It all comes together and you now see
their own games they play on themselves, and the script they run in their
unconscous mind.
When that happen, automatically I begin to change, I distance myself because I
know if this is who the person is, they have so much growing up to do, and it’s just
going to be emotionally draining and life is tough enough as it is.
Last time I heard is she is getting help, therapy.
She was kind, compassionate, loving but because she didn’t believe she’s
attractive, she would do things for validation, do stupid things she didn’t need to
do to get attention and these would create awkwardiness for me to distance
myself from her. It would create a negative vibe and the wall between us.
So I moved on.
I still get messages from her and wants to meet and come back together. The
chemistry we had was hot and it’s still there for her but I’m not interested. It’s not
there for me.
I hope she one day grows to realise she is attractive and she sees other qualities I
saw in her but unfortunately, I won’t be part of her journey.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Can I become good at painting if I'm not talented, but I am
eager to work hard?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes and I would like to share the process I go through.
I always had this belief you can really learn anything if you break it down. My
purpose is to unravel patterns in anything I wanted to learn, not just arts but even
dating, attracting women, getting jobs, attracting clients, writing books and of
course….arts…painting .
I have the patience to break things down and then build it right back up in a way
that is so basic for someone to learn and apply. I ﬁnd great pleasure and
satisfaction in doing so.

Everything has a form (shape) and so, you ﬁrst grow in conﬁdence to draw
anything you see by observing the form and drawing them in diﬀerent angles…

When you grow in conﬁdence doing just that then move to the next level, where
on shaping the form with more understanding about lighting, shadows and
tones…

Next you learn to paint with grey scale and take all you learnt to put it togeher.
Forget colours for now. Focus on greyscale and get used to understanding about
tones, shadows, highlights, light source etc..

This is very important because you understand the basics of what makes the
colours, how the object is aﬀected by the environment it’s in, and how everything
has it’s own texture and how to do that with what you see but also….you FEEL it.
If you skip this part and others you will ﬁnd yourself guessing how to paint later
on. You will waste time, it be very frustrating and you’re just guessing. You’re
work will not have structure that is pleasant to the eye.
Do some reading on this as it will help.
Now because I can put these together and use my imagination and references,
photos, and things I see in world and put the form together///
Here’s the form…

Here’s now adding details to shape the form with understanding of lighting…and
I began already adding the colours too…

I also like to understand what I draw and paint. I like history of an object and
study it as well. I paint with a story to it. Makes it interesting..

As you can see, being able to draw form can help to draw anything and yes, I love
details even if it’s squibbly lines..

I work my way for each part of the illustration, building it up and ensuring the
form is ﬂuid, detailed and yet not so detailed. I more concerned about the story
my work conveys…

It is the basics that will get you to wherever level you want but you want to pace
yourself. To not learn everything but focus ﬁrst on one process and get good at it,
be patient and then move to the other process.
You don’t go oﬀ painting but focus on learning about form ﬁrst. It will make it
easier for you in the future…

You see me using the same process over and over again. It’s not some secret. It’s
understanding the basic fundamentals and when you do, you can create your
own stories or go out and painting whatever you want…
I personally like to tell a story and create my own sketches and paintings..

Again, the sketching of shapes (form) with some details..

Then I work to build it up…

I like my art to be raw, rough, like a sketchy illustrations but I always start with
form to get things down fast…

And I like whatever I do to convey a story…

In time you will ﬁnd a style you like and make it your own and I love this kind of
style I do. It’s raw, not too detailed and ﬁne, but it captures you with a story.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

There is this girl I like who likes me, but she is jaded about a lot
of important things. I’m scared I won’t ﬁnd someone if I drop
her. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know why some people self sabotage a good thing? Because they are insecure
deep down and don’t want that good thing to happen due to the fact a script is
running in their head that it’s too good to be true.
So they behave in a manner and talk a lot of shit which creates awkwardiness, a
sickness feelings inside a person, a feeeling in which to distance oneself from a
person because they feel this person is immature, scared, cannot even do the
simpliest of things of showing respect or care when with that person, and blunder
it all with their drama.
You know why people stay in jobs they fucking hate?
They bitch all day about how they don’t get paid enough, that some manager is
treating them like shit, that they didn’t get promoted and paid more a 5th time?
Imagine if you lived in fear of not being able to ﬁnd another job, and stay in that
cesspool of a job that doesn’t credit you for your work, who don’t promote you
when you really exceeeded their expectations and so much more?

People do all kinds of things and fuck up a good thing in their life and not only
that, even when in a shit relationship, shit job, shit situations and still, they stay
put because they fear the unknown, fear abandonment, and as time goes by, you
get to see now the bigger picture of all their actions they did in past and right to
present day and it makes sense.
They are not that mature but pretend to be.
They are not on love but rather infatuated.
They are not conﬁdent but insecure with need for validation, approval to be liked
and loved, and accepted.
Maturity gives you this insight in understanding your own insecurities and
realising, that you deserve better or you need to stop doing things that self
sabotage a relationship that’s bringing a lot of love, attention to one’s life and
investment most don’t give to someone so easily.
It also helps a person to realise that if they attracted someone, they can do so
again and again and again, but they forget this lesson.
“When you learn something, don’t let it go.”
You did it once and so you can do it again and again, and again. Let no one tell
you otherwise because if they do, they are now showing their own fear of
abandonment and want to control you.
This time, with maturity you attract someone who hasn’t got baggage like she
has, and who is going to show certainty, not talk and garbage about what cannot
happen and immaturity that doesn’t focus on the relationship.
This isn’t about her but your own fears of the unknown and you will ﬁnd like
most people, that such thinking attracts people who got baggage because you
believe you are unworthy to be with someone who doesn’t make excuses about
why it won’t work, who doesn’t talk shit and who does focus all on you when with
you instead of drama talk.
Give her space and if she leaves, she leaves but it will never be the case in which
you will never ﬁnd anyone.
It be the case you have yet to ﬁnd…yourself.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get a beautiful girlfriend?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I get a ﬁrst beautiful girlfriend in my life?

You don’t get a girl. You get a life and a life brings you social skills and
communication skills, experiences to help you…attract and know how to attract
girls.
Youre so not ready for girlfriends. I’m serious. You expect too much out of life
when you are not even prepared for it. Forget “getting” because that’s problem
with lots of people.
They want to “get” when they haven’t even sorted the basics about attraction,
conﬁdence, social skills and verbal communication skills.
So here it is…
First be a human being who socialises and gain some experience in engaging
people of diﬀerent levels.

Being good wih your thumbs and ﬁngers on video games does a damn thing to
succeed in life when it comes to dating. You’re in the comfort zone, you’re not
going out engaging, you know squat about talking to people and you expect to get
some when you don’t know how to give yet.
Why would a “beautiful” girl date someone who has none of these skills when she
is getting approached with guys who did go out, engaged the world, got the social
skills, communication skills which makes things much easier and less awkward?
When you go out and give, socialise with people you will fuck up and in the
fucking up you learn a lot about yourself, your thinking, behaviour to get better at
knowing yourself and learn what to sort out.
People who do not engage the world seldom grow with maturity to understand
the social laws, social etiqutes and blunder their way through in which creating
awkwardiness after conversations where people feel they best not bother with
such a person. So for you to grow, you need to do more giving not getting.
So forget the word “getting” and “girlfriend” and ﬁrst start giving.
Engage the world and begin growing. Read tons of books on social skills,
personality knowledge about yourself and more but do more going out and
engage the world as well.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Manish Patel

Why are guys so sweet in the beginning, and as the relationship
progresses, they are not as sweet anymore? How do I change
this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how you see the reality from the ﬂuﬀ?
You let a person talk and talk and talk, and then you wait for it and they reveal
their pattern.
They reveal their behaviour.
They reveal their mindset and belief system.
They reveal their own problem. You only have to listen and wait and wait and
suddenly you see what’s going on as they end with….
“Be less available to him?”
That’s why. Too many games, hints and not enough real open communicaton.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

I work from home and make lot of money, but I do not have any
friends not even a single one. I don't even hang out. Am I
missing something in life?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know about missing something in life, but you did good. Having ﬁnancial
stability and doing it from your own back yard, is one helluva an achievement.
That’s some knowledge and skills you got there.
If I knew someone like that, believe, I’d want to know the person because it’s not
easy achieving that kind of ethic and being able to make a lot of money.
The main thing is, are you happy with not having friends?

If not, you can always go out and socialise and not to make friends, but just
socialise, get to know people ﬁrst. Taking your time.
You don’t need a lot of friends. Many don’t have lots of really good friends. A few
will do and that alone will make a diﬀerence.
But again, if you’re happy as you are, well, then smile.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Guys, if a girl kept making eye contact with you all the time
would you start to like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would think she is judging me especially if she doesn’t smile. Like staring at me
as if she has seen a ghost and also, I don’t like girls who do all that subtle hints
stuﬀ. I’m not into nice girls, who have no backbone to say…hi.
And make connection with me.
It can also creep a guy out if you are just making eye contact and nothing else.
And the guy is not attracted to her.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Are there good girls who look for good guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no good girl or bad girl.
There is only preferences and people using “good, nice, genereous,” as details
that does nothing for attraction but rather pimp their own sexual image to world
and those around them.
Believe, the “good girl” is masturbating in shower with shower head, has sex toys
under her bed, reading erotica, has all kinds of sexual fantasies but she won’t tell
you because you is making good as some preference, and so she will always worry
that if she tells you her kinks, her secret sexual desires you will judge her.
One way women do as an example to pimp their sexual image is say they are good
girls in front of other girls, so the other girls don’t feel competition is in the midst,
and to promote this image for any looking for long-term relationship because a
“good girl” doesn’t need to say she is one, because she knows, there is no such
thing.
There is only preferences.
So deﬁne good girl as preference and bad girl, and not even mention these two
words. These are but used in world for marketable purposes or for fun when it
comes to attraction, and sure one can have fun using them but to say good as bad
what one looks for.
Deﬁne what you want in a world as in compatibility will do far better and then do
the work to attract by behaving authentically.
Attracting any girl doesn’t happen by waiting around for a cupid with
arrows, who shoots a “good” person and suddenly you ﬁnd each other.
Doesn’t work that way.
You have to take risks because people wear social masks and you will never know
someone until you get to know that somone. That means lots of socialising, lots
of dating, meeting, dating, getting experience, and your social intuiton heightens
to learn what patterns to look and what are the red ﬂags and so forth.

There is no good girl, as there is no nice guy but people who have preferences,
and some are passive-aggressive, some rationalise their fears that love or good
ﬁnds them, and some are go getters, conﬁdent in what they want and do not see
sex as good or bad, or fucking someone one night and move on, or relationship
fuckbuddy, or being in a relationship long-term as good or bad and see it as a
preference.
Because let’s face it, everyone wants to compare to make themselves feel they are
better than other people, which is part of human nature to make them have this
meaning that they are diﬀerent than everyone else, special, good, richer,
successful than others, better looking, blah blah blah.
All of which is nothing more than one’s owns script to fulﬁll a sense of destiny, to
avoid or to gain something.
11 Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys look at the physical appearance ﬁrst, rather than
the attitude?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s see. I am just going to the mirror for a moment just in case I believe I am an
alien from some distant planet.
No, they are still there.
I got two eyes on front of my head which tells me that I will always see physical
appearance ﬁrst, instantly.
Yes, there we go.
But I hear most on planet earth love to bullshit themselves because the story goes
that people love to feel special, intelligent and there is something of some glow
around their body.
But for life of me, I am looking in mirror right now and I see no fucking glow. I do
see I got eyes, two eyes and everytime I look with these eyes.
I do not have some alien devise that tells me anything else about the person
except appearances but if I do and I see cryptic codes ﬂying from their body,
telling me about their personality and so on, I will sure let the world know but for
now…
My brain has perception and it screens out, ﬁlters, categorises, organises and yes,
even labels and decides on what it sees ﬁrst which trigges the emotions, and all
the nervous system in my body.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ever too late to tell someone how you feel?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You let your own insecurities get in the way and now he is in a committed
relationship which is probably monogamous, and if it is, best you move on.
You’re friends just want to make you feel better. They don’t want to rock the boat
and say move on.
Though their intention is good it is a very poor advice.
In this case, yes, it is too late to tell him how you feel.
If I was in a monogamous relationship which I am not, and a woman I knew, and
she did that to later come to me after that, and then tells me how she feels, I’ll not

trust her feelings.
I’ll think she is unstable, she is someone who can’t make her mind up, immature
and she doesn’t know what she wants.
I will not trust the future with her.
This is why behaviour is very important. It can leave a lasting impression when
you behave uninterested or you show interest to someone else, or you do not
recipocrate sexually with the man, then he will switch oﬀ his sexuality with you
and will begin to distance himself.
This is feelings. Tihs is emotions and with it a memory of an incident which he
probably forgiven but he will always remember it as well.
Even men like a woman to focus on admiring him, show sexual interest to him
and show certainty to him and and so if you do not show interest to a guy and did
all that, and being aloof, and run out, and dissappear, or even a squeak about
someone else, or dissappeared for months…a man cannot trust a future with such
emotional stability.
He will now move to other options and you won’t know until it is too late.
You also had years and didn’t wrap this up.
You’re actions told him straight out you don’t ﬁnd him attractive and of course,
he then moved on. You had it all there but your own insecurities and lack of self
worth, your own script in your head, dictated your behaviour to push someone
away you are attracted to.
Nothing you can do now because now you will only make things complicated for
him and create confusion and maybe, even distance from him with you. You’ll
create stress both ways.
Move on, live your life and don’t wait for him.
Sure things may change with his relationship but don’t wish any bad, don’t wait
and don’t focus on hope either.
Life is too short and you spent already 7 years.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

She wants me to text rather than call. What to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One hour on a phone call with a girl who hasn’t shown intent, said she desires
you? So you call was to impress?
Correct your behaviour.
Create options. Don’t invest so much time in one girl when it’s not oﬃcial. Have
other girls and then focus more on the girl who is making it easier for you, who is
showing intent, and don’t spend one hour on call if it’s local but lead to meet up
face to face for the date.
That is what texting and calling is about.
Not to impress but arouse to meet face to face.
Phone is to move it to this base, which takes 5–10 mins. Not even that.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why did a guy friend want to cut oﬀ contact when I got
pregnant by another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He was a nice guy, who was working under radar, where he was attracted to you in
a sexual and romantic way.
Moment he learnt you got pregnant, he cut contact completely, so he can shut oﬀ
his feelings for you and move on.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to like more than one guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. If you also don’t mind he likes more than one girl.
Now here’s something to avoid…
1. No talk about other guys. Focus on the guy you’re with
2. No talk about ex. Be mature. Focus on the guy you’re with
3. Focus on how you want to fuck the guy you’re with. No need to add a
middle man. Focus on the guy you’re with.
4. Arouse who you’re with, turn on who you’re with, speak about who you
are with. Yes, I am repeating myself because it needs to be repeated. You
won’t believe how many break these simple mature principles.
5. Don’t forget 1, 2, 3, 4 and you’ll have sorted out 95% of the bullshit
already that most girls can’t help to create.
One more thing..
We know, when you dissappear for a week, when you don’t text for a week, when
you don’t call for a week, or even 4 days.
We know when you also say “I’m so busy..” that you’re fucking some guy.
Seriously, we don’t mind but do yourself a favour if you want to have no drama,
fun, and lasting relationships…stop talking about who you’re fucking.
Notice the mature and conﬁdent men?
They don’t sit with you talking about who they fucked. They don’t speak on
phone and tell you who they fucked. They don’t text and say who they fucked.
They don’t bring drama to the relationship.
They always…always..focus on the girl they are with, sexualising to the girl they
are with and so…you sexualise and focus on the guy you’re with. The more you do
that the more he’s attracted to you.
You know, that is the point of attraction.
There is a reason for it too.
It’s called ‘maturity” and that is an example of how they show they care about
who they are….with.
And you know why you don’t talk to guy you’re with who you fucked, right?
It turns oﬀ his sexuality.
So don’t do it. Be smart.
We know….you are fucking some guy. No one is that busy.

Focus on the guy you’re with.
We know ;)
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do any women out there truly know the best way to a mans
heart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
No.
You ask the man you’re with.
But then be ready for the truth because when people say they want the truth, they
mean they want the truth…they…like…to..hear.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why did my girlfriend propose taking a break even though I
gave her an option to leave if she doesn't love me anymore or
she found another guy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, she is going to take 3 months out to..
1. Meet the guy
2. Have him fuck her in ass and every damn position
3. Have more sex
4. More sex
5. Try relationship
6. More sex
7. More sex
8. Then when it doesn’t work out which should total 3 months…
9. She will come back to you like nothing has happened
Do yourself a favour.
Get a strong coﬀee, REALLY strong and wake up.
I’m personally non-monogamous so it doesn’t phase me if a woman wants
someone else as well but she needs to respect how she does talk to me regarding
the issue. I have boundaries even on this.
You’re in a monogamous relationship.
Look how she talks to you AND…..you still call her..
“My girlfriend.”
She has already tested your frame long ago mate and she knows she can do this
because she already got away with other things as well, and knew 100% that she
can talk like that to you and be this way with you.
Because when I was monogamous, no women ever dared to talk like that with me
and even say that nonsense.
Yet here you are, and still you call her “my girlfriend.”

She knew, deﬁnitely knew, she has a push over in her hands.
13.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best technique to attract women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Pre-selection.
When you buy a product from Amazon, what do you look for after seeing the
product?
Exactly!
Testimonials.
You want to SEE visually what others say about that company, author, product
value because what you will say of course, is all good things about yourself.
You’re going to say that you are the man and well, it is not as powerful as other
women saying…
“He’s the man! Yes, fuck me, he’s the one to get to know..”
Now imagine this in the world of social attraction….
1. Women see other women enjoying themselves with you
2. Women see other ATTRACTIVE women wanting you
3. Women see other attractive women hovering and touching you
4. Women see other women talking, laughing with you and grinding too on
the dance ﬂoor
5. Women hearing about you in a positive, exciting and adventureous way
due to them experiencing it already with you.
Like last week, I had one woman in front of me, one behind me, and grinding,
dancing.
That’s subcommunicating something.
It is visual.
It is communicating to other women in that environment..
“There must be something about this guy that makes these girl feel safe around him,
having fun around him and all over him.”
Now imagine you move a crowd of women, these two women have friends and I
move them to other women. Leading right to the women I really want to talk to.
Pre-selection helps you to put less eﬀort and let everyone else do the work for
you, so when you do walk up to a woman, she has seen it all in front of her eyes
and you don’t need to impress her pussy.
Because now, your value is higher than hers or equal and that is very attractive.
Most don’t want to date down but…up.
Pre-selection is the best technique to attract women and is superior to any I have
ever used and…you don’t need to talk much.
8.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal for a 23 year old to have never had a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not normal at all if…
1. You expect to have a girlfriend and you did fuck all about it.
2. You don’t approach many women
3. You over think too much and don’t take more proactive action
4. You use nice, polite, genereous like a nice guy and expect it works when
it doesn’t to attract
5. You haven’t invested in social skills and conversation skills that is more
for attraction not ordinary socialising only
6. If you haven’t invested in psychology on women and diﬀerent
personalities about people
7. If all you did is focus on being a hermit with laptop, books. studies
8. If you didn’t engage people, women and socialise a lot
9. If you was passive-aggressive rather than proactive consistently in this
matter
Then yes, it’s normal at 23 years old to be a virgin, completely useless when it
comes to girls, and have no clue in how to engage, socialise, connect at an
emotional and psychological level to make friends.
Deﬁnitely normal.
Normal for people who just think of themselves and their fears, and problems
and anxiety and not just meet the world.
And we can rationalise how others who got a diﬀerent life are unhappy but hey,
that’s motivational mumbo jumbo to make one feel better comparing their life to
others, and looking down at others.
Now, if you wanted your life to be diﬀerent. well, then you need to forget what is
normal and what isn’t.
I personally don’t give a fuck what is normal and not normal but then again, I am
an Asshole, and it served me well living the life I want.
Who cares what is normal or not.
What life do you want to live?
Decide what it is, what it looks like and then do something about it.
46 Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if my BFF asks my crush out and he says yes and
she doesn't care about my feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about you care about your friends feeling?
You cannot manipulate your friend, telling your friend who you like and do
nothing about it to ﬁnd your friend is falling for the guy, and then say why she
doesn’t care about your feelings.
Either ask the guy out or put up with the results of doing nothing.
The world makes way for people who know what they want and get what they
want. You shouldn’t make your friend guilty and that guy is not your property,
your product or belongs to you.
He’s a human being and so is your friend.

Nothing is oﬃcial.
Sure, if the guy is already your boyfriend then I believe a friend shouldn’t be
fucking around with her social circle but he’s not your boyfriend.
Nothing is oﬃcial.
You want him to be your boyfriend or at least ﬁnd out he feels same about you the
way you feel about him. Do something about it but don’t manipulate and say how
your friend doesn’t care about your feelings.
She can say the same about you too.
968 Views · View Upvoters

What makes an introvert interesting?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are Ninja’s and always on a mission. Deadly covert operation no one knows
about except themselves.
In their mind, they are saving the world, saving forests and nature, falling in love,
ﬁghting tigers, wolve, bears and winning with glorious celebrations as they ride
into the sunset like warriors of the nights.
Of course, much of it is all in their head until they take action and until they stop
being suckers with trying to save friends from themselves and anyone else.
Yes, most introverts have a tendency to not realise friends are not everything and
need to prioritise their life to a more productive way by recognising not everyone
wants to be saved especially if they are drama queens.
1. If you want someone competent for mission impossible they are the
Ninja’s to choose.
2. If you want over thinking, calculated, anaylizing, very careful Ninja’s
who will make sure they collect every detail as possible BEFORE they
take action….then choose them.
3. If you want cautious, very cautious, so cautious it takes sometimes lots of
books to read, lots of mmmm, aaah…ermmm thinking, lots of
preparation and planning, and managing an operation….choose this
Ninja.
Yes, this amazing, incredible, awesome Ninja who is hidden amongst the noise of
the world and which cannot count more than their ﬁngers on how many friends
they can trust or have…are known by another name.
They are known as….the INTROVERTS!
They are not pushy.
They see someone who they like and crush on that person and way they do it is so
precise that even the other person doesn’t know they got a crush on them. Very
good at taking action online and using social media because they don’t need to
approach they way they do in the real oﬄine world.
No,sending a message is a piece of cake but even then it’s scary for them as they
wonder if you will reply, if you will care and who are they anyway but someone
you don’t even know but…some…do ﬁnd courage to do so and…with stunning
results.
Yes, they have observed the person, read their answers, watched, checked their
list and written detail anyalsis of the person before sending a message to them.

But sometimes…
They conjure up fantastic stories in their mind of what can happen, what will
happen, what must not happen, and all kinds of adventures like a hollywood
movie kicking oﬀ in their mind, with battling ogres, dragons, to save the damsel
in distress or her prince.
And they have the knowledge for it too.
Yes, if you get to know them, they will have mastered many skills.
If you can ﬁnd these Ninja’s who hide in shadows of the day and night….then
they will give you a big smile and…unleash their knowledge at you.
You will probably drown from what they know.
Their eyes will light up and they will talk like they never have talked before and
weave fantastic knowledge, showing you many other components of their
knowledge.
You will ﬁnd they are consistent and if you set a time with them, they’ll be there
on that time. You can bank on it and their story will be consistent because..well…
it’s easy to be consistent in the comfort zone.
They like to be around other people who are outgoing, who are go getters, who
are fun, and party because Ninja’s have been so busy being serious, so busy being
safe, so busy avoiding conﬂict that it can be a dry life with missions after another
and another.
And so they need some human interaction.
They need to let out some steam.
Oh yes, they also need to experience hot sexual experience but with someone
who is mature, intelligent, exciting, rebel, dangerous, and who can show them
what most cannot because introverts love knowledge…experience….and lots of it.
Yes, they also love the party but…
Watch it!
They don’t like it too much as they do need their space because they got projects
and sometimes these projects aren’t about what you think it is.
They are Ninja’s who are task orientated and they will stay on track of their
projects and sometimes, yes…the project isn’t a school assignment or college
assignment but….a FRIEND!
Yes, their friend becomes a project to save!
Because introverts can also be highly supportive and they forget friends are
not..everything and you need to let go of the pain in the ass friends and stop
trying to save friends who..is..being melodramatic.
As you guessed, they crave for validation and approval.
Much of what they do reveals it and they don’t appear until they want it. When
they get it then they disappear again into the night.
This is their…consistent pattern.
May seem selﬁsh but who isn’t on this fucking planet of ours these days.
Yes, they are highly supportive and sometimes to a fault of their own but here’s
the thing with the Ninjas…. they like to also be right, correct, that they are right
and so they are very detailed in proving they are right.

They continue giving until they get..burnt..out and realise they are not right and
got this one wrong. They continue to try and convince some crush to ﬁnd they
were wrong to bother with someone who don’t give a shit about them in the ﬁrst
place.
Some never learn this until they get much older.
Then, they will listen to your wisdom, your knowledge, your experience but not
before that. They sometimes have to ﬁgure it out with great pain to wake up with
their heads out of their asses.
Yes, as you have noticed I am a High Dominate person but I can get along with
any personality because I know each of the personalities languages but….there
are Dominate people who will burn and leave a trail of carnage because they yet
to balance their personality to have empathy.
These Ninjas (introverts) will be extremely gifted.
Maybe in arts. Maybe in science. Maybe in the science or psychology of people.
Maybe in coding and computer science.
It can be anything and the only way to know is observe, ask about their interest
and see for yourself.
They are very bright, smart and they can achieve intellectual achievement but
also they are warm, have empathy, supportive when you get to know them. They
sometimes seem not interested in you but really, that is their own language and
that is what a personality is…a language.
Much is going through their mind and though they may seem aloof or
standoﬃsh, they are not. It’s just their way of how they are but if they do ﬁnd
someone, who loves them, who knows how to communicate with them and they
fall for that person…well…you will see all that the world does not see which is
their own world of splendour.
A world of loving, caring, supporting, hot pulsating sex, tenderness, loves
touches, hugs, embraces and lots…lots of positive caring words and some love the
leading.
They can at times see the world as dark and lose hope but…if they are with a
Dominate person who has now gained leadership in being empathatic as well
then both of these individuals…will be a force to reckon with because together,
they can change many…many lives and each other.
The Dominante with the go getting attitude and stellar people outgoing skills,
and with introvert can plan, detailed plans and together they can be amazing at
achieving great things, which is why…..when they do meet…it’s chemistry that
last a very….very…long time.
It is deep. It is ﬁlled with deep hardcore sexual drive and tendnerness, romance
ﬁlled with overﬂowing support, tenderness and consistency that will make so
many at awe on how the hell these two keep it going for that long and for so many
years.
There are other factors which I haven’t said but when they both agree in similar
ways in looking at world, you will feel and even see, most are envious of these two
because people have tried looking for these two have but don’t know how these
two warriors ﬁgured it out or what they ﬁgured out.
The Introvert is a perfectionist and wants it all perfect. They love to plan in detail,
document everything, with accuracy while the Dominate is all about getting
things done….now.

The Introvert can do wonders though in they know how to gather the
information, put it together into clear, concise manuals while the Dominante is a
go getter and can apply and get what is planned done fast, hard and right now.
Introvert motto - Ready…Ready…Ready…Ready.
Dominante is - Get ready and Fire! Make it happen right now!
That’s why the opposite can attract because it can bring…balance and rich
harmony. Balance makes these two rise like the cream to the top.
The introvert is far more than interesting.
They are breed of warriors which most do not give time to understand but those
that do, will be reward with riches that money cannot buy.

Food for thought..
Imagine, if you didn’t know the languages of personality, how can you ever get
along with other personalities or know why they do and say?
You can get easily oﬀended or you can learn to understand their language, and
smile, laugh, shake your head, or have empathy, or celebrate the diﬀerence.
You can also set boundaries because you know what you know ;)
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do adults always ask young people such as 16 years old do
you have a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they got nothing else to say and they are boring shits. Yes, that’s right.
They got nothing better to say.
It just pops in their head.
I don’t ask that question. Nor do I ask about school. Or what you want to be when
you grow up.
No, it be something like this…
“Hey, what do you do for fun?”
“Not much. I like watching movies, action movies, super heroes type.”
“Marvel?”
“Yeah.”
“Awesome! Ok look I always wanted to ask this question. If you was right now, can
be one of the superhero, who would it be, why and what would you do right now
to fuck this world up and make it in a world you want it to be? It be all your rules,
so what would change?”
It be something like that.
I’d not ask about boyfriend, girlfriends.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I still single, and why don't guys like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Picture this - it’s a hot blazing sunny day. I mean you are sweating and you can
feel your mouth getting dry. Your throat is tingling for water, for something to

cool you down.
You see a drinks for sale a few steps away…
Coca Cola and you can hear it being poured in a clean cool glass with ice….tssssssss.
I am not into drinking that stuﬀ but it illustrates the problem.
When you say…
I have many interests.
I also like sports and video games,
so I’m not the kind of girl who would complain.
I‘d be joining him.
I pay attention to grooming.
I have an okay personality
People say I’m pretty (if they doi why aren’t they dating you? )
I can be fun.
I think I can be a great girlfriend.
It is like you going to Eskimos who are standing on a land of ice and you are
selling ice to them.
“Hey I know what you want. ice?”
“Hahahahahahaha.” Laugh the Eskimos.
Well at least you made them laugh and close enough because you got them to feel
but that’s not the feeling you want the guy to feel to attract him. It’s part of it, a
small part but there’s more to it.
Attraction is a language.
If you behave and speak the wrong language then you’re always going to get
frustrated and get nowhere.
The language you are speaking is not even close to attraction.
If you approached for example me, a guy and said you love video games, blah
blah blah, interests, blah blah blah. The stuﬀ you mentioned with your question.
I will think,…
“WTF. I am not looking for a friend. I am not looking for relationship because I have
no fucking clue who you are yet.”
You are approaching relationship too soon.
The language you are speaking is a diﬀerent value and it’s 10 steps ahead of
attraction.
Look at this sketch and look at the gap from where you are leaping to. You’re
leading in a language about relationship and you haven’t even established the
attraction phase yet…

Attraction isn’t about interest. Attraction ﬁrst is about grabbing the person’s
attention and arouse not about relationship but to arouse to want to know you in
a sexual and romantic way.

Leaping immediately to the end is too bigger leap.
So when you talk about how you do this and that, got this interest, blah blah,
you’re tallking relationship language.
You’re talking about committment to someone you don’t even know and he
doesn’t know you. So when you talk like that, it doesn’t arouse, because you’re
building comfort.
You also behave in that way too, which meh, doesn’t get our hearts going boom,
boom boom.
Moment you go right into comfort stage, you become a bro, you become a pal, you
behave like a friend and we are not looking for a friend when it’s attraction, but
someone who arouses, who makes us feel alive, who captures our emotions and
our imagination.
You are missing out critical steps and going right into comfort stage which is
what all this interest, video game, etc is all about..

You haven’t even established attraction phase to even talk about these things to
guys. See the image about what you are leading with.
It’s not…attraction.
That is how girls and guys no matter how many say it doesn’t exist, get
friendzoned. You’re talking a diﬀerent language and that language has nothing to
do with attraction.
You need to arouse desire, emotions of a diﬀerent kind so forget about interest
and all that and speak the right language and approach with the language of
attraction…..sexual appeal.
Later, much later you can do all that but ﬁrst you have to get the guy’s attention
and get to the stage of talking in their language and get dating.
Second…
Are you approachable?
You cannot listen to what people say about how you’re pretty. People say things to
be nice, polite but really it doesn’t solve the problem.
You need to focus on results not compliments from friends and other people.
Results speak louder which brings us to….
Are you going out there, socialising, engaging guys, ﬂirting and leading
with attraction not comfort?
Are you smiling, ﬂirting in a positive or are you expecting guys to do all
the work?
Are you giviings hints, signals like you was from 1950s or 1970s, stuck in
times in which you are in this traditional time warp in which you are
avoiding being proactive due to fear of rejection?
Are you projecting the right vibe?
Is it fun, exciting, the sexual appeal or is it frowning on face, look like
you’re going to bite the head oﬀ the guy?

You’re vibe is critical.
If your body language and tone of your voice and what you speak is going against
the ﬂow of the vibe, then you lack social intution.
All these I have mentioned are languages and each one has it’s own area of
specialized knowledge and skills.
Put them together and they are powerful that even an average looking girl can
make a man fascinated, intrigued, curious and even think..
“WOW. OH WOW. I WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT HER and DATE HER!”
Get one of them messed up it slows lot down.
Mess all all of them up and it gets even harder.
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does Adam D'Angelo mean by saying Quora's growth will
come from users "telling their stories"? This surprised me, as
using Quora as a place to tell stories is somewhat tangential to
the best aspects of the user experience.

 http://techcrunch.com/2012/05/14/quora-raises-50-at-400m-from-peter-thiel-dangelo-puts-…
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Apr 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
“Well, looking at the data folks, we are seeing what people are wanting because they
are banging stories, tons of it. Let’s face the facts. The data speaks for itself and
social media is about what people want, behave, do..”
It’s not rocket science.
That’s how social media going and has been moving that way at a faster rate. If
social media platforms were about knowledge like wikipedia kind of acts, well, it
has been done to death already.
It’s not about being serious but more of entertaining, more relaxed, more people
orientated sharing their world with knowledge, and yes, even humour.
People have decided.
Data speaks for itself.
It was all just a matter of time.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I stop liking someone when they like me back, why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is a script that is running through your unconscious mind which you designed,
plotted, planned because of past experiences. You decide what game to play, what
game to avoid, what social mask to wear and then when it gets to the end of this
game you have…the result.
You repeat it again and again because you crave the emotions it gives.
The script came about when you was younger and it comes from insecurities and
rooted in your ego, which is fear based.
In other words, you want to control and make your world, predictable.

Something happened way back and so you live this script to avoid the pain, or
conﬂict or a decision you do not want to make in fear of being abandoned, or
rejected etc.
Your behaviour reinforces the script.
The script dictates your behaviour and so it becomes a pattern in which the result
you get is predictable and you say..
“See! No one loves me. If he really liked me, loved me, he’d put more eﬀort.”
It is a script which craves attention, validation and approval from others i.e. men
you’re attracted to.
That is script as well for people who play hard to get who rationalise their deep
fears and insecurities that it is human nature to chase, and man to hunt, but
really, deep down, they crave for validation, attention, and they fear making a
decision that is clear and direct for them to say…
“See! All guys just want sex, because if he really wanted me for me, he’d have
continued to chase me and blah blah blah”
Hence the fulﬁlling of destinty, in making one’s world predictable.
In the begining you are excited but the moment you get your validation, the
script now kicks in, and you begin to feel the insecurities, and the memories run
on autopilot and you do what most might do.
You now lose interest and move on, but at a deeper level, there is something
going on. There is this fear, an insecurity, a game to avoid something and only
your past can say what that is and only when you seek profesional help.
But people who do this…
Scar other people.
Ghost people who invested time in them.
It becomes their pattern.
It becomes their social masks.
And guess what…
Such people compartmentalise by saying it has nothing to do with their own
insecurities, trust issues and again, the script they create plays a game, on how
it’s not really them, nothing to do with their insecuries….
“I am not insecure about myself and haven’t trust issues.”
Yes you are. Very much so. This is you who is iunsecure about trusting yourself to
be vulernable due to the fear of something, abandonment, of rejection, of
something and so, you feel you..cannot handle it if it happens.
Therefore it is about your own insecurities about yourself and not about the guys
which most women want to say i.e…
“Ooh see! It’s not me. I am not insecure about myself. It’s the way of the
world. It’s the guys fault because he should have chased me...”
Now you don’t say that exactly but that is the rationalisation of someone who
runs a script,
It is from you that this behaviour is happening.
You are pulling the strings no one else.

It is your script, which comes from your own own insecurities which dictates
your behaviour to make your world..predictable.
It’s like people who come to me as they point a gun to their head..
“It’s my foot. It really is.”
“No, you shot your foot and take that gun away from your head.”
“What gun. I don’t see a gun.”
“THIS GUN!”
See then a therapist who will show you the type of gun you’re pointing at your
head but you need to acknowledge this is your insecurities instead of saying you
are not insecure, you haven’t got trust issues.
If you’re going to an expert don’t give self diagnosis because when you do, that is
your own game you banged in their for your script to keep on playing and so
when someone says what is up, you deny, you won’t let go, you won’t listen and
invest time to see what is really going on.
Whatever that is, you will know by seeking professional help.
44.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I have to change myself in order to impress girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Instead you do the following..
1. Know what you want in a girl
2. In doing so, you will embrace your own values, likes.
3. Then ensure you know your own boundaries
4. So you are not a push over
5. Then approach not to ask out but to ﬁrst ﬁnd out if she is the girl you
want and since you know what you want in a girl, you’ll behave in a
manner that is true to yourself
6. Keep it light hearted, fun, don’t go all chump mode and be careful of the
oneitis. No girl is the ‘one.’ So forget ‘she’s the one.’ You don’t know her
and nor do you know all girls you see.
7. If you like what you feel about her then ask her out.
8. You must also learn knowledge, skills to better yourself, in mindset, in
health, in grooming, in social, conversation skills, in some ﬂirting and in
knowing personalities of girls, and how to connect and engage them.
In other words…
No one knows who they are but you can know what you desire, what you makes
you feel alive, and know it’s characteristics, the traites and decide then on these.
You then go for someone who have these traites too and sees the world the way
you see the world.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like introverted boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but depends on the girls and when opportunity arises.
They are like Ninja’s.

Guys who are there but not there. They move in the day like shadows, you know
they are there but you can see them only when they want you to see them.
Deadly with the skill of silence because they know, if you haven’t got shit to say,
then don’t say anything; and if you have something to say, you must say it with
calculated precision.
Because…you’re a Ninja.
Yes, they seem reserved but they are, and that’s their skill. They act what they are.
Reserved. Ever so cautious.
If they see a girl, imagine a snail, that’s how fast they move if ever they wanted to
say hi because they are smart.
They have took the time to calculate - if they they move like the mighty wise
snail, the sun shall cast it’s majestic light, creating a shadow for them to move
with steps no one can hear and where no one can see them.
By the time they make 5 steps move, the girl is gone.
But hey, this is their black secret art ;)
It is a decoy in which they know the girl won’t be there anymore and so, they
don’t need to create any conversation, learn how to do it, say anything, go
through the sweat, anxiety, and panic like most guys do when asking a girl out.
They are Ninjas!
It is better to fantasize about it all than really do it.
Known by another name, famous in Hollywood and many romance novels, and
comic strips. Legendary in their name.
They are…the..INTROVERTS!
In one calculated, analyzed, over thinking. very cautious. critical thinking move,
they penetrate society with their magic.
It’s power is called…conformity or compliance.
With their Ninja ancient skills, people see them and wonder..
“Meh..”
But that is their disguise for behold they are the mighty incredible awesome
introverts who can shift into any group, under radar and without the girl
knowing, they have a crush on the girl.
They are so good at what they do that the girl never knows he is interested in her.
which doesn’t make sense, but hey…you cannot know the wisdom of the amazing
awesome incredible mighty Ninja.
It is too far too deep and can take years to ﬁgure it all out.
Believe me, they’ve been ﬁguring a lot out within their whispering muttering
glazed eye stare as they hide within the shadows of life.
The Ninja’s don’t need to be popular.
No, they don’t need to be the leader of any group.
They follow instructions to the letter and they know most of the guys won’t do
the same because they are not Ninja’s who have perfected the art of compliance
to avoid conﬂict and rocking the boat.

Oh yes, in the darkness they dream of warrior state, of times of bravery, of
moments of glory, listening to the battle cries, kissing, moaning, groaning,
whimpering of the sound of cute girls voice.
They hear their mighty romantic stories shimmering in the night but rarely do
they ever act on such lustful desire and bravery.
That too is their amazing secret skill perfected into an art form.
They love details and they must know everything, and must know it in detail
before making a move.
None are as detailed and as cautious as the Introvert who is highly cautious and
detailed.
But watch it!
You must curve your words because the Ninja is very sensitive too.
They are seldom wrong.
The world is wrong, the world is bad, terrible, ugly but they also know they are
not perfect and yet hate..to..admit..it.
If you say a wrong word then they will disappear into the night for another
decade and so much so, you forget they existed.
Ninja’s are perfectionist and hell will freeze over before they go and ask a girl out.
Oh they dream a big dream and a glorious ﬁght.
They weave stories of grandeur, of fantastic sexual feats but it is all in the mind. It
is all but whisper and nothing more than that.
Not so like the Warrior who is Dominant and clear, direct and go getter. The lion
of all Ninja’s and can be mistaken as an Asshole, Player but that too is the disguise
of a warrior to ﬁlter attention seeking girls and insecure sexual hangup girls.
He is not passive-aggressive.
But…the Introvert?
He’s a Ninja’s who is very passive-aggressive and he battles with his ‘self’
everyday and even in his dreams.
His motto is..
“Get ready….ready….ready….ready…ready…ready..”
But beware….
One day, he will strike.
He will ﬁnd the courage.
They are not Ninja’s of the highest order and clan for nothing.
They have grown to know themselves, become aware of all their weaknesses,
ﬂaws, patterns and soon, when they awaken from ﬁghting with the self in the
shadows…they will amaze themselves and others.
All shall be at awe because to understand others…you must ﬁrst…understand
yourself.
They have had plenty of time to learn and understand themselves, which is the
most deadliest weapon of all that can win hearts if they learn to just get on with it
and socialize.

Some girls like Ninja’s and date them but only when the Ninja steps out of the
shadows to be seen, to reveal himself with such majestic calculated, over thinking
and analyzed ways to hear a tiny voice say…
“Erm…(cough) erm….Hi..”
They are Ninja’s of the fourth Clan.
Known as….the Introverts.
9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I always have something to say to girls in high school?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here it is. You want to be able to have something to say to girls?
It’s called having a life.
You’re brain is a sponge and unfortunately most guys don’t live but if you live a
good life, go out and do interesting things, challenge yourself, read tons of books,
and expand your mind with lots of social experiences…you’ll have a ton to talk
about.
But really, it isn’t about saying something but rather being able to engage girls
and connect with them.
It’s not about talking…talking…talking.
It’s about knowing how to engage.
Problem in school is you probably don’t learn to engage but vomit what you
memorise and that’s all well and good for exams but for social life, you will need
to know how to engage the other person in front of you.
And that takes a lot of practice, reading about it, being passionate about it,
ﬁguring it out and then doing it.
67 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says she wants to be dominated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Asking the question here is not what she wants. That’s not dominant. The ﬁrst is
be conﬁdent to ask her what she means by dominant. For example, a girl can say
she likes a man to be rough.
Ok, then how rough, what she means rough?
Because you might ﬁnd her rough is completely very diﬀerent than yours. She
might think rough are some words you say when you have sex.
While rough for another girl is telling her to get down on her knees, as you put a
collar on her, lead and tell her to crawl now to you, and give you a blow job.
Another girl will mean something else.
You never know, until you ask the girl who you said it. It needs communication
and that won’t happen if one is passive about it.
Never assume and personally, never ask strangers online or anywhere what it
means. Only she knows what it means.
It’s dangerous asking other people what it means.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Riem Valentine

Does the person receiving pleasure have more power than the
person giving it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like woman to be submissive and I dominate, not because it is that is due to me
having more power than the woman, but rather the act of doing so gives me
pleasure.
The pleasure that comes from my lover desiring me to do so, and she is williing to
role play with me, giving her pleasure, making her feel incredible, knowing she
can role play with me, letting it happen, trusting me, knowing that I am
knowledgeable, experienced and she can enjoy as I do, is where the power comes
in.
In regards to that it makes me feel more powerful than the lover, I don’t think of it
that way but more of thinking of pleasure I am giving, pleasure I am also feeling
when I see my lover groan, whimper, scream out of etcasy, her body in spasms,
her legs quiver, body bucks and her ﬁngers handcuﬀed and feet tied.
I get turned on by turning on my lover, making her feel wet, multiple orgasms,
my hands on choke hold, and sometimes even with a collar and leash and riding
her, to spanking her, ﬂogging, and so on, which gives me pleasure as it does for
her.
I see it more of pleasuring, and getting turned on as my lover feels the same as
well. The utmost importance is my lover feels safe, comfortable, and so she can
let it happen and enjoy, as I will, and we turn each other on.
I see it as both of us turning each other on, pleasuring each other.
There of course some men who have a perception if certain act is done it makes
them feel more powerful than the woman but for me, that really doesn’t come to
mind but rather about pleasuring, turning my lover on and she does same with
me.
19k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Greg Evans

Every girl I talk to ends up with someone else. I can't seem to
ﬁnd a girl who is only interested in me. I am a great man, but
it's so hard ﬁnding a girl. Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why, is the Nice Guy Syndrome…
1. Because I am a great guy
2. Because I am so nice
3. Because I am amazing guy
4. Because I am loving
5. Because I am polite
6. Because I am generous
But if you were to speak to a woman and she for REAL, without bullshit, really
didn’t give a damn how society saw her, reveals what it really is.
She will say
1. It’s when you can make me feel alive and my heart race
2. It’s when you can make me feel the tingle in my body

3. It’s when I feel an incredble amazing rush shoot through my spine
4. It’s when my pussy pulsate and throb
5. It’s when I feel out of all these and imagine the experience with you is far
greater experience, sexually and romantically…than any other guy.
6. And my mind just goes crazy just thinking of you but I pretend I am not
and I hope, just hope, you got the balls to follow through and not be so
passive-aggressive like so many weak men I have met in my life
7. For me to imagine…what you…going…to…do to me…when we are alone!
OMG! The anticipation, the wetness, then pinning me on the wall, the
feeeeling of when….”
And you, well, you’re probably doing what most typical guys do and think being a
great man, nice, polite, spending tons of time with them, generous, and so forth is
what it’s all about.=
Yes, you…are…too slow, passive and never escalate to any level and pﬀ, she has
now categorised you as a guy she cannot feel and see you as someone to be sexual
and romantic with.
You’re behaviour is your real status but what it probably reveals is hesitancy,
uncertainty, weakness and lack of clarity.
In other words - lack of conﬁdence which leads to zero sexual appeal.
477 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when someone says you ﬂirt like a nun?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If someone said that to a woman then it means the following..
1. She has no damn clue how to ﬂirt
2. She has no idea how to arouse who she is ﬂirting with
3. She is clueless and probably piss the person oﬀ than arouse
4. Like she has been living in a convenant all her life and hasn’t any
experience of the world outside
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can I explain to my friend how to take a picture of me
without making me look short?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you want to look taller then the camera needs to be waist level. Then go lower
and keep testing these angles.
For higher then it be eye level, then shooting slightly higher and higher above
your eye level.
You can show this sketch which I did quickly to illustrate what I mean visually
and you can show to your friends as you explain…

Now you can have fun shooting from diﬀerent angles. This is same for leaning on
walls, or shots from back of you walking or standing.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think you will ever stop using Quora entirely at some
point in your life?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s probably going that way.
One of the reasons is these bans.
Also take look at this answer for example.
It was collapsed..
Adam Taha's answer to Why do teenagers not conﬁde in their parents when it
comes to relationships and sexuality, but conﬁde in their friends?
This is what so many teenagers go through and it got collapsed!
The more I write, the more warnings I get and someone reports and bans. Then I
get answers like that collapsed. That’s just one answer and I am getting more
collapsed, so what’s the point writing detailed answers if that is the case?
I sometimes wonder why even bother having these tools.
For example..
1. Unfollow. If someone doesn’t like someone’s answers or person. That’s
what it’s there for. Get rid of the downvote. It’s being abused.
2. Mute. If someone doesn’t want to see that person answers in feed. Done.
3. Blocking. If someone doesn’t like someone or whatever, that is what a
block is for. Done!
4. Suggestion Editing tool. If someone see grammar/spelling change, or
let’s say plagarism, that is what the editing suggestion tool is for. They
can be helpful instead of spiteful. Done!
And then reporting can be about someone abusing tools like the suggestion
editing tools or harassment with messages etc which evidence can be seen due to
the messages being archived.
Some people are using Suggest Editing Tool to add comment rather than
suggesting grammar or spelling etc because author disabled comment. That is a
no, no. You respect the right of that author and use the tool for its rightful
purpose.
That way, mods can focus on spammers, fake accounts, and leave authors alone
who write tons of answers that gets traﬃc to their website.
That’s how you let a community be a community.
So yes, probably, if it keeps going like this, then it might come a time, where it’s
time to move on.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Does a guy ﬁnd you more attractive if you don't answer all his
phone calls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my friends was attracted to this girl. He’s older and she’s a young girl who
started college. She started doing these games. Not just with phone call, but
texting and other things on social media.
The moment she did those games, he dropped her.

He called her, left her a message saying he has changed his mind and though he
was interested in her, he feels he can do much better in regards of maturity. That
he is not interested in chasing and any woman playing hard to get.
Done. He was direct.
She panicked and then really tried hard but it was too late.
He’s same as me.
Moment we get one taste of a vibe of that nature, we automatically switch oﬀ
instantly. We have options. We have no time for these games. Either show full
interest and desire for the man or go and play with the little boys and do the
games with them. I’m sure they’d chase or whatever,
Not with Masculine men.
We’re too busy for such games.
So now she is gutted and depressed. and even her friends tried to help but he
made his mind up and already dating another young woman and she is far more
mature.
Best to show intent and leave the games for insecure people because there is
nothing more than a turn oﬀ in showing someone you don’t desire him, and even
trying to make him jealous with games.
It will only backﬁre.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do teenage girls always wear see-through shirts these
days?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be many things…
1. Because of social peer pressure
2. Because they don’t to be left out
3. Because they don’t want to be judged as ugly
4. Because they want to sepetare from other girls
5. Because they are addicting to the attention it gives
6. Because they love teasing guys and even girls
7. Because they compete with other girls, comparing
8. Because they want to stand out from the rest of the other girls
9. So they can also grab the the attention of the guys
10. So they can also get attention for some girls to be their friends too
11. Because they crave to be popular
12. Because it makes them feel beautiful
13. Because her parents say what she can’t wear and she breaks that rule
14. Because she never wore such things and changes when she’s away from
home and wears it
15. Because she had enough of being told not to wear these types of clothes
and she does to rebel
16. Because she is putting a middle ﬁnger at world and she will wear
whatever she wants and it’s their problem if they are insecure of her

conﬁdence and how she’s comfortable in her own skin
17. Because they like the feel of the cool breeze on their body
18. Because they want to feel sexy
19. Because they are in a good mood
20. Because they love wearing stylised clothes like these
21. Because her friend is wearing it and so she is
22. Because she knows it will get guys dick hard
23. Because she knows it will get a girls pussy wet
And ﬁnally…
Maybe, all she wants is to just feel damn good about herself.
554 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

Why am I considered handsome by high school females but
none want to date me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hey fella.
You know what Handsome means?
Hand + Some = masturbating
Joke, joke. Don’t get all crazy now but seriously, compliments from people,
especially girls mean fuck all.
“Oh you’re so handsome.”
Yeah, and?
Don’t take compliments seriously but what you need to do is stop being a nice
guy by stop looking for hints, and start approaching girls.
Forget all this “niceness” is a good quality bullshit.
Lots of girls say that but no girl ever dated a guy because he was nice. They dated
a guy because he got her chemicals kicking oﬀ, and she is infatuated by him.
Girls say a lot of motivational bullshit most of time, make you feel better but you
need to hear it from men who do this and succeed and I’m saying to you, being
nice, polite, does not attract girls.
That’s just something you should already have.
It should be something already embedded in your character as part of life, getting
along with people and so forth.
Being generous, being nice, being loving, being all that is not what attracts in
begining. It is not what gets heart racing.
Nice guys believe that and they always bitch all day why it doesn’t happen for
them because it’s not what girls look for as attraction.
Attraction is feeling, chemicals, heart pounding, emotions running high and
excitement, and imagination ﬂying of the anticipation of the experience she can
have with him than other guys she sees all around her.
No one gets exciting by nice.
No one gets their heart pounding by handsome.

No one gets their emotions kicking oﬀ and imagination ﬂying because someone
is polite. That happens when they see something they want and what girls want
isn’t what they can get so easily from any guy.
They can get a friend easiy.
They can get nice easily.
But what they cannot get easily is a guy who can make a girl…feel…alive…excited,
her heart pounding, racing, her pussy tingling, her imagination going wild and
she cannot get the guy oﬀ her mind.
Nice doesn’t cut it and it never, ever will.
Nice is something you kind of just have.
So set boundaries, don’t start spending tons of time with girls being friends
because they complimented or you get your ass zoned and handed back to you.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

How much do men love the view of doggy style?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love it. I love seeing a woman’s ass and her back arched, and legs spread open to
eat her out and thrust, and pound her, slow and deep, faster ; as I grab her hair
and pull back to see the line of her back arched and her sweet ass cheeks slap with
each thrust.
And at times, I will grab her on a choke hold from behind, and get real close, as
her back arched, her ass up, and dig deep, hard, and dominate her, whispering all
the words, making her legs quiver and kissing her.
I love to dominate and having a woman submissive when having sex.
Slapping her ass as I ride her deep as she whimpers, groans, and lets out an
scream of etcasy as she thought I was going to stop but we only just started.
Yes, I love the view of the doggstyle.
Just the view alone and the feeling of dominating is just an incredible feeling. To
see a woman’s shape from behind, the view, I’d do doggstyle for that alone if there
wasn’t any reasons.
Can’t get enough of it.
I do also love the position in which I can see woman’s face and her breasts and be
able to lick, suckle, caress her breasts, bite her nipples, look her eyes to see her all
her facial expressions and her eyes roll as we are unison, insync with the ﬂowing
rhythm.
Like building a camp ﬁre together, stick by stick, intensifying the ﬁre, spreading
throughout her entire body as I have her on a choke hold, and slapping her ass, to
squeeze her breasts, and bring her close, as she rides like a cowgirl, while suckling
her breasts.
The doggystyle is deﬁnitely a view I love but I also like others for intimacy and
closeness.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys treat girls like they are young?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about treating you because you’re young.
1. You’re not his lover. So he is saying it nicely…no. He’s nicely letting you
down easily in saying no.
2. You maybe a friend but hey, he’s not some chump supplicating to you
because your a girl. He might give you a ride but taking his bike,
borrowing it is now you taking it too far.
3. Ask..”hey, take me on a…RIDE…with you.” and I bet you the answer will
be, “Ok.” Because you now made it not about you, but about the
experience with him.
4. It’s not that you’re young but maybe he sees you as a sister, or cares
about you, to want to protect and so he replied in this way.
5. And what he might also be saying is if you smash it, and get hurt, he will
feel shit about it and…he could have prevented such a thing.
But we will really never know for sure, except if you ask him.
He’s a good friend to ask for his bike, so I’m sure you’re a good enough of a friend
to ask him why he said it like that :)
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

When you text a guy but he never replies, is he uninterested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be the following…
1. You’re not clear and direct
2. You didn’t show intent face to face, ﬂirting, showing him you’re attracted
to him.
3. You are hiding your intent so I have to think what it is for reall what you
want.
4. Hangout means nothing to do me except “friend,” and I am so not going
to waste time being a friend.
So correct your behaviour to show you are interested in the guy. First show face to
face you’re attracted to him or you’re not important. You’re just a girl like most
girl who wants our time and we won’t give it.
First get the beginning step sorted - knowing he is interested in you by face to
face not by texting. Texting is great when you’re building on an ‘already-existing’
attraction not for hints, signals, games to ﬁnd out if someone is interested or not.
That be very frustrating.
Then make sure when texting, that it is engaging. That’s after you have come to a
conlusion together you’re attracted to heach other.
Avoid texting…
“Hey”
“What’s up”
“What you doing?”
“Hey baby.”
It needs value, eﬀort, fun, indirect ﬂirting sexual not playing safe, boring because
this is attraction and doing these one word, short stabs is nothing to us guys but
showing a girl is just killing time.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What are the essential life skills a 17-year-old should have?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maps.
Yes. Maps. Couldn’t read them to save my life and even with the mobile, I still get
lost. I don’t know why it all just goes weird for me on these things.
For example, I walk down steps of tube station and I look at all those lines and
names, of tube trains and I’m like..
“WTF! How am I suppose to read this?”
Then I’d feel like this..

Once when I was at school, I joined a Cross country race.
All I had to do is follow the damn path. Just follow those signs. So the race starts
and here we go….
It didn’t take long where I thought I must be a badass because no one was behind
me. I was in the lead! Oh yeah!
Well, that’s what I thought.
Everyone else turned somewhere and I’m running and smiling, feeling like I must
be the most fantastic runner in the world until 25 minutes later, I found myself in
a place called nowhere.
I tried to pretend I was ok but,.no matter how much I tried to do all the
motivational crap, it just didn’t work.
I was…

So now, this has plagued my life, wherever I go, even if I can’t speak the language,
I am talking to people in diﬀerent countries.
They do all the signals with hands and anything with signs, signals, pointing, my
mind goes completely blank.
I tried to learn how to read maps and bought me a compass and went on some
walk which I thought will only be for a couple of hours.
Found myself lost and staring at cows who were amused as I walked to the left.
Then they saw me come back and walk the opposite way, and then I walked over
the fence and through them.
I came right back and felt..

Finally met a famer who asked…
“Eh mate, you are a bit away from city, aren’t yah?”
“Where am I?”

“Where you want to be?”
“Peak District.”
“Holy shit mate. You’re miles oﬀ!”
So now, when walking about and I see those travelling shops and my eyes catches
a map hanging on window.
I feel like it’s giving me this evil grin and then I hear this deep bellowing mocking
laughter. I re-live all the places and times I got lost.
So yes, one of them is reading maps especially when I travel around the world
and like going to walks to wherever, without a sense of direction at times.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Death taps you on the shoulder and says you have one minute
to say why you should be allowed to live. What do you say?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Death - You have one minute to say why you should be allowed to live
Me - So this girl was sleeping and she gets this phone call, and she picks it up,
cursing how it’s so early, 6.30am, and it’s saturday!
Me -“Yeah?!” she snaps at the caller.
Me - The stranger on phone responds…”It’s Death, you got one minute to say why
you should be allowed to live. Turn around”
Me - She drops her phone as Death majestically makes his entrance in front of her
but then she shares with him the mother of all secrets. It compells Death with
such excitement and passion to do more than allow her to live. He gives her 50
more years to live.
Death - The secret man! Tell me the secret!
Me - I can’t. One minute is up. Let’s go.
Death - Damn it! OK! I’ll give you 50 more years for this secret. Done!
Death - Now tell me the secret.
Me - The secret is, even Death…..loves a good story. See you in 50 years ;)
20.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't men ride horses anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. It cost money to have a horse and look after it, feed it and it’s a huge
responsibility. Sure, a car is as well but it’s just not that eﬃcient for one’s
own lifestyle especially when I am in middle of a city called London
2. I love animals and so, if I was to have a horse, I want to make sure I can
give the time, to ensure I look after the horse and I can’t see myself doing
so. I don’t see myself ever will but I do when I travel, or I go to certain
places where you can hire, I ride but that’s like one oﬀ a year not every
week, day, month kind of thing.
As for for women associated to horses. I don’t think you are exposed to many
examples of men riding horses because if you are in this industry, you’ll see many
men do so and they train horses, breed them etc.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What would have made your childhood better?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wanted a Science Kit!
And it was like I was asking for the world.
So I saved up and it took me a while and I got me the Science Kit!
Oh yeah. Now we are cooking.
But then one day, mum and dad walked into kitchen and everything was
smoking, and diﬀerent colours and I was coughing and they were like..
Dad - It’s the Jinn!
Mum - AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Me - Oh come on. It’s not demons. It’s me.
We opened windows and I didn’t know what the heck I did to have all that smoke
and mess but…I don’t think it helped banging Cola in the mix and something I
found in fridge to test something out and burning it up.
Anyway, two days later..
Dad - Ok, we are going to get you a Science kit but with books on it
Me - Meh. I want a guitar now.
Mum - But you always said you wanted a Science Kit!
Dad - And you did all that, whaever it is you did. Is it because of that?
Me - No i wasn’t really about that
Mum - ?
Dad - ?
Me - I just wanted to feel you was listening and you buy it. Now I want a guitar.
And yes, same thing.
They didn’t buy me a guitar but they wish they did!
Because I found a harmonica for a few pounds and all I did was walk about
blowing that thing and creating shit melodies.
They cursed the day I was watching some blues on TV and I fell in love with
blues, country music, hip hop and all the stuﬀ they can’t stand and was just not
part of our culture.
Then I got bored with the Harmonica and they sat me down…
Dad - Ok we will get a guitar for you
Me - Meh. I want a drum kit
Mum - But you said you wanted a guitar!
Me - Yeah but it wasn’t about that
Dad -?
Mum - ?
Me - I just wanted to feel you was listening and you buy it. Now I want..
Younger brother walks in, he’s youngest of brothers…
Him - Dad, mum. Can I have a football? Brazil!
Dad and Mum - Yes
Brither - Can I also have football shoes with studs?
Dad and Mum - Yes
Brother - Can I also have keyboard to learn piano
Dad and Mum - yes
Me - (WTF!)
He gets all these few days later.
So what would made childhood better is they listened.

They did later on but..it was too late.
I moved out of house and that was only time they now listened. I got my own
place and well, just bought my own things.
They did buy me a bycycle but my brother took it and left it outside and it got
stolen. So two days after it was bought, it was gone. I got blamed for that as well,
so there we go.
Wasn’t easy for them.
I have 4 sisters and two brothers.
So when you’re eldest, it can be you don’t exist but I was good anyway at ﬁnding
my own way, money. However, be good if they just listened.
985 Views · View Upvoters

What are the diﬀerences between “nice”, “cute”, “pretty”,
“beautiful”, “gorgeous” and “hot” when describing a woman?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Edit missed out the…nice..
1. Nice
She’s the girl and due to her behaviour with guys such as spending too much time
with guys without being feminine in that she ﬂirts to date a guy, she becomes one
of the guys.
She may feel she’s one of the guys but there are times when the guys themselves
wish she just dissappear for a while and let the guys be guys.

She can also be attractive. It’s not about the look. She can be attractive but the
guys do not want to date her. The guys do not want to have a sexual and romantic
relationship with her because it impacts the social dynamics with the guys
themselves and to each other as guy friends.

Also, when they want to invite girls, they will also want her to stay away and so
they will say to her to do so and yes, they can forget you’re a girl.
So if a girl hears..
“You’re wife material.”
“Bro.”
“You’re one of us now.”
“You’re one of the guys.”
“Yo bro.”
“Yo man!”
“Hey man!”
It’s done. Her behaviour isn’t sexually attractive and well, she just too similar to
guys and isn’t arousing.
She is always with the guys, drinking with the gang of guys, doing same jokes
with the guys, meeting the guys and doing the stuﬀ with these guys.
She doesn’t realise that if she liked one of the guys, her behaviour has just
friendzoned her ass, whether she likes to believe it exists or doesn’t, deep into the
rabbit hole she goes and may never get out of again.

For her to do so..she has to dissappear, for a long while and sort her behaviour
and set the boundaries because it is her behaviour that gets guys to see her as one
of the guys, not really her looks alone.
Even if she is average looking or attractive…it is her behaviour that makes a guy
avoid imagining anything romantic and sexual with her.
It’s like a girl who wants to date a guy but the way she behaves, being
unapproachable, doesn’t ﬂirt, doesn’t sexualize indirectly/directly in her
feminine ways with a guy and expects guys to assume she is attracted to them.
However she ﬁnds guys just don’t approach.

Or they do approach but her behaviour projects a vibe that just doesn’t cut it and
vibe…is very important when it comes to dating. It is crucial a man feels that
feeling the woman desires him and feels good about it.
Example..

Most girls project this vibe you see on the image above.
They don’t engage. They don’t smile. They don’t take interest with the guy when
conversing. They are frowning or just doesn’t show interest in the guy she
supposedly interested in.
That’s just some of the behaviour on how to be unnapproachable.
Most girls don’t project the friendly vibe and it’s understandable but when you
see a guy you’re interested in then this negative vibe will frustrate guys, triggers
memories of past experience of the girls who are insecure, the ex with her
mannerism he grew to abhor, the past rejections, the playing hard to get girls and
past relationship experiences they rather die than be in such a relationship again.
It doesn’t matter how attractive you are.
If a girls vibe stinks, most guys rather walk away and not bother.
As a bro, she isn’t a priority for dating, for romance, for sexual and when that
comes into place, the guys want her out of the picture. The last thing they need is
another girl behaving as a bro while they are with dates.
There is also the inﬂuences from the friends of a guy…which will also be a force
where he will assess carefully of repercussions in regards to how it looks for him
with his friends…if…he dates a girl who is seen as a…bro.
2. Cute
Innocense, delicate, youthful and child like look to her. You look like a good girl
but really, deep inside, you’re like a wild beast when unleashed and cause
mayhem in bed when having sex.

She’s so cute in that you want to feed her as you sit to eat like romantic couple,
awww…so cute. She has those those features you want to grab her and hug her,
pinch her cheeks or rub her hair as she giggles.
So she won’t walk with this seductive way where she bites her lips, lick her lips
and you know, you’re in for one helluva ride. She’s cute, not sexually attractive in
a seductive way.
3. Pretty.
When she is cute but she is the mature, grown girl. She’s the society standard type

where her lips carefully penciled, her eyebrows perfectly in line, her hair ﬂowing
with curls.
It looks like she always has hair like that when she wakes up from sleep but really,
she has Ninja secret methods to make her eyebrows, lips, eyelashes and her hair
looking like that ;)

The thing is, her cute face is now shaped in which she is not 16, 17, 19 but older,
mature, knows how to dress in a sense where everything is kind of neat, in all
places, text book girl look alike, and well, pretty.
Not seductive but not cute, not sexy but pretty.
4. Hot..
You know these girls in an instant…KABOOM! No matter what any woman says,
they envy the curves and looks of these girls. Most women is so envious they’d
call them “Huh, look at this bitch!”
Just watch how women suddenly pretend they are not comparing their ass, tits,
face, ﬂowing hair to the…hot girl :)

The hot girls have this body are usually the girl doing moves outside gyms. You’ll
see them doing all those ﬂexible stuﬀ, ass shaking, leg splitting and also….you
ﬁnd them on the beach on a hot sunny holiday seasons.

They are not sexy or cute, or pretty but…a lot more sexually attractive.
She got the hot body, the breasts, ass and curves you want to touch.
But then some speak and they lose their sexual appeal in an instant but…she is
still hot even that is so.
5. Sexy
She without doubt has the power house sexual appeal, the ultimate attitude in
her walk, in her attitude, the way she walks and is very seductive. She doesn’t rely
just on her looks…she is a master seductive woman.
In other words, the world can go and fuck itself, she is not going to hide her swag
from anyone.

She has reached such a high sexual attraction, sexual knowledge, sexual self
awareness and they know it too.
You can’t take your eyes oﬀ the sexy woman.

To her, sex is about how you carry yourself, what you wear, how to use your body,
eyes, lips and tone of voice. She is comfortable in her own skin.
She wants a man who is sexually conﬁdent too.
The exciting, the adventureous, not some pussy time who can’t lead or will look
down on due to his religious belief or social norms etc.
She will lick her lips, look him straight in the eye and walk, and all will notice her.
She will bite her lips and you can hear her purr just by the way she moves. She
will use whatever and it will work for her.
She knows how to use the walk, the way she uses her hips, and legs, like a master
on a cat walk. You imagine all is possible with sex.
You’ll imagine her naked and that alone gets your imagination on ﬁre and yes…
sexually.
You imagine all the sexual things you can do to the sexy woman..from kinky sex,
bondage, and even threesomes to double penetration and rough sex.
All that a person can imagine in their mind will ﬁre up right there and then.
And some women will dream of just eating her pussy and feeling her lips on
theirs.
Here’s the amazing part…

She can be an average looking woman, and still be sexy!
That’s right and it is only because most just haven’t got their head round how to
be sexy. Sexy is where a woman knows how to use all her ﬁgure, body language,
conversation, everything, to her advantage to capture a person’s emotions and
lead the person’s imagination wherever she wants.
In other words…you got it going on.
She’s the tiger.
The master of social dynamics.
6. Beautiful
She is the cute, pretty, sexy, hot all in one with one major…major diﬀerence. They
have this personality, the heart to give. They smile, they love to converse with
you, get to know you and you feel a vibe they are generous in their life even if it’s
just to listen to someone talking.

In terms with psychological perspective it will mean….personality, intelligence,
grace, charm and elegance.
It also includes the outer beauty such as the physical factors, such as health,
youthness and symmetry.
You know she has all the attributes of being beautiful..with cute, pretty and hot
but it is also her charm…the personality, her way of caring, her way of talking to
you, her maturity and a giving personality/charming.
It is really this, the lasting impact that makes her…beautiful not just her
appearance.
You cannot help but think when walking away…
“She’s beautiful.”
7. Gorgeous
According to Collins English Dictionary, ‘gorgeous’ means: “strikingly beautiful
or magniﬁcent”

So a gorgeous woman relates to her appearance of style of clothes and how she
looks…
“I went to a conference and I saw a woman who is so gorgeous in white ﬂowing dress.
When she walked into the place, people found it diﬃcult to take their eyes oﬀ her.
She was so gorgeous. Magniﬁcient…”
The diﬀerence with beautiful and gorgeous is beautiful also describe other
qualities like her personality. Gorgeous is the aesthetic appeal, the outer look and
her fashion dress sense or style of clothes.
28.6k Views · View Upvoters

A guy didn't ask for my contact details but said that if it's
destiny, we will meet again (in a town with 200K people in it). Is
he deﬁnitely not interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. He fears rejection so he didn’t ask you.

2. He said it to make himself feel good that he did something when he
didn’t.
3. He is clueless and is socially inept. It can be this
4. He wasn’t that interested
5. Or…he is not good with statis numbers :)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I told my 15-year-old daughter I want to be her friend. She
replied, "I want you to be my parent, not my friend." What does
this mean? Does this mean she hates me?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son

Answered Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
“Oooh, that manipulating trick. It’s not going to work on me. You’re saying that to
want something from me and control me. To know all about me but I don’t trust you
and if I tell you half of what I do, you’ll lock me up in house. Not falling for that one.”
Your daughter is smart.
;)
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I be like Adam Taha?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t want to be like me mate or anyone else. Inside you are amazing qualiies
that girls look for. You just need to learn to be a better version of yourself.
Avoid being hard on yourself and also putting me on a pedestal. I’m just human
being like yourself who just went and did, and got experience, knowledge and
skill which you too like anyone else can acquire.
Just try to not compare yourself to others as that’s a road that will destroy you
and you lose yourself, which is what girls go for, you not someone else.
If you take away my conﬁdence which I developed, my knowledge, skills, which
took sometime to nurture, pay for, and none came free, you’d see nothing more
than a human being in a shell of a body.
I can hurt. I can get ill. I can die and so on, human being. Nothing really special
and god like, or untouchable with all things other people go through. I just got
tough emotionally and mentally, which you and anyone else can do so without
losing who you are.
This is why being authentic, credible i.e. knowing who you are is very important
and it will give you solid foundation and courage, when you do.
If you try to be someone else, it really loses a lot a girl can see in you and also, you
don’t live to your fullest potential and I don’t want that and I’m sure you don’t
want that too.

One of the things to do if you feel you haven’t conﬁdence in girls, is forget for
now, approaching to get a yes because this will put pressure on you.
This is what I mean by detaching from the outcome.

Instead, approach to engage, to ﬁrst socialise, learn to approach any girl to ask for
directions and keep doing that. When you get comfortable doing that you do
other actions and these are called drills.
1. Ask where so, so bank is
2. Ask where this or that is
3. Ask if they know where music festival is
4. Ask if they know where art gallery is
When you do that with this mindset, you’ll suddenly feel relieved. You’ll feel you
can now have fun because you’re not asking for a date, number or a yes. You’re
not dependant of an outcome and hanging your whole moment on it.
Many guys followed this and they are now having so much fun that the girls want
them but after they did it for a while again and again.

Keep doing that by approaching lots of diﬀerent girls and as you do, you’ll ﬁnd
you’re a little bit of fear goes away because..you’re growing.
Then do same but with girls that really intimidate you with their looks.
Keep doing that on and on and on until you get comfortable with that.
Then be more cheeky, ask about something whatever. Be fun.
Even take questions from Quora which I do too for fun.
For example if you see a question about shy girls like..
“How do you approach a shy girl to start a conversation?”
Then walk up to a girl, any girl and ask..
“Hey, I only got a minute..”
Always use this which is called Time Framing, which lets other person know
you’re only going to be there for minute and leave.
Then..
“Hey, I only got a minute but I wanted to ask. have you ever saw someone and you
really want to talk to them but you knew they were shy, and you just didn’t know
how to start a conversation with them?”
They will say yes or no.
You say, no matter the reply..
“I thought from looking at you, you seem really conﬁdent, way you stand/walk,
you maybe know what to do. How would you do it?”
You see?
So Quora is a gold mine, everything around you is. You can even look at girls
magazine and see what they talk about and use that. They’ll have all sorts of
questions, crazy ones too when you get conﬁdent to use and have fun!
I put the fun, the excitement and adventure back into dating and it is why I am
also successful with girls. It’s not serious. It’s fun and no stress.
They feel it.

Do the same to many girls. Start with one question or one sentence, or asking for
directions and keep doing it.
Dress also neatly, and not look shabby and you look safe kind of thing. Keep
appropaching….
Until you feel comfortable.
Then add more to conversation.
Do that with many girls.
Then you go to other environments….
Depending on your age, for example my age, I can go into night clubs and so I
approach girls and do same if I was in same position as you with fear of rejection
and I do same.
I’d just change what I say and I would walk to a girl I see, tap her on shoulder and
say..
“You look great.” Then walk oﬀ.
Detach from outcom. Detach from getting a response. You don’t care if she is not
smiling, or she doesn’t say thank you.
You’re training yourself.
Then you slowly build up and to push out of your comfort zone to other
environments. This will take depending on your level of fear, 6 months to 2 years.
Now while you do this, do the following as well and not make girls centre of your
life but part of your life.
1. Look at what your interest are
2. Do these interest
3. Socialise more. Go out more than video games and internet. Doesn’t
mean you stop these but you want to get yourself to socialize more as
well because every little of socialising is going to do wonders later on for
you. Builds your self awareness and conﬁdence.
4. Look good i.e. hit the gym. When you train it makes your face look
healhier, you feel great and grow in conﬁdence. You can even just do at
home or anywhere if money is a problem.
5. Focus in being stable in your life in all areas
So this isn’t about being anyone else.
Instead being the better version of you.
You don’t want to be me or anyone else. You got qualities I won’t have and so you
can bring these out and these are part of who you are, your personality, your
values, your ambitions, your way of talking, your quirkiness, lots of things that be
so diﬀerent to anyone else.
Instead of comparing, look at it as skills someone has to learn and be good at
rather than looking at being like that person.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Gajendra Singh Kanyal

Why don't guys like the girls who wear modest clothes? Even
though they are pretty? Like as in social media or in real life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hasn’t anything to do with that. Hasn’t anything to do with girl being nice, this or
that. It has to do with..her projecting vibe.
And so this vibe the guys sees and feels tells them…
1. She is unapproachable
2. Doesn’t smile
3. Doesn’t make eﬀort to ﬂirt
4. Projects she is some princess who wants a man to chase
5. Reveals she is a “play hard to get”
6. Most of all…lacks conﬁdence
7. Behaves like she has low self esteem
8. Sends vibe she isn’t interested or unavailable
You can wear whatever but if a girl is not conﬁdent enough to show to a guy that
she won’t bite his head oﬀ and act like some bitch on a war with men, then a guy
is not going to approach.
Most guys similar to girls fear rejection.
So you need conﬁdence and show to guys she likes them to approach. A girl needs
to understand how to project a vibe that lets a guy know she wants him to
approach and majority of girls don’t.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy keeps texting, " This is goodbye,"
after I've said I don't want to date him, but continues to text
and email me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s like….
“I am going.”
“I am seriously going.”
“I am going right now.”
“Right now this minute I am going.”
“In this moment of darkness I am going.”
“I shall walk through the valley of death…I am going.”
“I really…really mean it…I am going.”
Thing is…I am wondering, why haven’t you just blocked his number and email
address?
;)
199 Views · View Upvoters

I had a friend. He kept bothering me and asking me to be his
girl. He did other things on top of that. I eventually got rid of
him. Was that right?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Apr 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, at least you didn’t have a girl walk up and say.
Girl - Hey, I so want your babies and …
That was on a date for pete sake and..

Girl - You know you’re like Arab, erm, so will we get married soon, because I so
want a family, and babies, and…
I was 16 years old and getting this.
But yours, well, it could be he is horny and mix that with immaturity as well,
when you’re not even his lover to all that. Also some people don’t have ﬁlters so
they can say anything to you on their mind to anyone.
Now that doesn’t mean I don’t do kinky stuﬀ with lovers with texting and all, but
they are my lovers and they do so with me, and we have fun with it.
But it doesn’t seem like it was fun for you and also, he wasn’t your boyfriend
either.
If you felt uncomfortable and you let him go, well, then it’s a decision you made.
It’s not about right or wrong but what makes you comfortable.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the deﬁnition of love in one word?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Could anyone explain love in one word?

Choice.
Infatuation isn’t a choice.
Love is because you then decide to make the time, investment, giving, ovecoming
challenges together and so forth.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

If you ask a girl out and she says, “yeah, when I have some free
time,” how should you react?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Yeah if I have free time
Me - I rather date someone who is interested in wanting to be with me than just
killing time. No thanks.
Then I walk.

If you was a CEO of a company and you said to someone..
You - Listen I got a job, come to the interview and let’s talk
And that person said….
Person - Yeah, when…I have…free time.
Now what are you going to see it as?
I tell you how I am going to see it as. The same way if a girl said that to me. I will
see it as they do not get priority, nor my time, nor be part of what I do. Period. I
will see that I don’t like the tone in how they replied.
I don’t want a YES. I want a FUCK YES and it better be passionate.
Since it’s not, then I have now screened and ﬁltered them out.
NEXT!

I want someone who replies with respect and replies showing interest and
passion.
People bitch all fucking day about Assholes. She is being an Asshole in how she
replies. No one is saying shit about that are they?
Why?
Because she is a girl is she?
You then are the CEO of your life.
When you have self respect, boundaries, when you know how you like to be
treated, how to be spoken to, you won’t take what she said seriously. It doesn’t
even deserve a respond.
She doesn’t deserve anymore of your time, thinking and even asking a question
about her.
You’d burn her number if you had it and not give her the time of day.
I don’t care if it’s a shit test.
That’s the problem.
People have no boundaries, have no sense of values, have no consideration how
they want to be treated.
They want to jump through someone’s hoops.
“Is it a shit test?”
“What does it mean?”
“Hmmm, how do I now manuvre to change her mind?”
She has shown her intent and so, I’d see her reply as…not…good enough.
I don’t react.
I respond that I’m not some chump to kill time.
Girl - Yeah if I have free time
Me - I rather date someone who is interested in wanting to be with me than just
killing time. No thanks.
Then I walk.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if you ask a girl out and she says "yes, provided
it is as friends"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Yes provided it is as friend
Me - Then no, I’m not interested. (smile and walk away)

Done.
Show your intent, don’t do what most guys do. You got time to kill and your time
isn’t valuable, go ahead but me, personally, hell no.
I am going to move on and approach other girls.
You have no time to fuck around girls who are not your lover. Get busy
approaching other girls and use resources, time for that.

Say no, and move on.
You’re not into convincing someone to date you but to show intent, and she
shown hers. She’s not interested.
She will use your time, bitch all day about some ex boyfriend and you’ll become
the emotional tampon of the year.
Move on.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

He loves me and I love him, but he doesn't want to be together
because he doesn't think he's good enough, even when I told
him he was. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What I say might seem harsh but hear me out. There is really nothing you can do
and believe me, it will be exhuasting in the end and all what you do, will probably
just drag you down into depression as well.
I remember many incidents where very attractive young women where all well
and awesome but then, they started show major insecurities.
First they begin to judge you and begin to devalue you, by saying shit what you
are hearing, and then it’s back and forth, disappearing acts, and lots of other
things you can’t be assed with.
One young woman was like that months back.
She was chasing me, she contacted me, she said she wanted to meet me and on
and on. Then she started to change and suddenly, I saw all the red fucking ﬂags
and I gave her some chances, but as time went by, her behaviour, he acting, her
ways of doing things turned me oﬀ, and I saw she was nothing but someone who
has to sort a lot shit out and I haven’t time.
I’m not some 18 year old with tons of time but older man with a lot going on even
when I give time to lovers, I’m really busy. I will even be more busier now, so my
time now is going to be limited and I have to prioritise on who to give time to.
Already those who had my time are feeling the eﬀects of me dissappearing
gradually into the black hole of my world I am busy with.
So with this young woman, I just moved on.
It may take years for someone to grow and change and even then, it is better to be
with someone who wants to be with you, believe in what you both have than give
these kind of reasons on why not, what he needs to give all reasons to why he
should.
No woman likes to feel she isn’t desired and then saying how this and that is
reason. You want a man who is strong not a man who is back and forth, and that’s
how it’s going to be here.
If you wanted to date someone who needs you to babysit him, well, there we go.
But if you want a man, a lover, who believes in himself and in you, and in what
you have, then you need to make a tough decision.
You’re life. Your choice and it is your life.
But me, if I had a woman who said that, it be done, over.
I’d be moving on, fast.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is your favorite thing about life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Giving.
I can give and I don’t need money to do it either.
That’s my most favourite thing about life. I can give love, time, knowledge,
expertise and I can give a smile, encouragement.
You don’t need to be a billionnaire or millionnaire or even someone who has
money at all to give. You can give by nothing more but your time to show
someone you care. Time is valauble, we live in a microwave world, all busy, and so
on and so when someone gives you their time, it means something.
It says a lot.
There are also so many other things you can give without having money. A smile,
a hug and a simple and yet grateful thank you.
So giving is my favourite thing about life.
No matter who you are, where you are in life, young and old, you can give and
when giving unconditionally because you just love giving to your lovers and
others, it’s a wonderful feeling.
You actually or I actually feel rich, very rich.
Not many give even on the smallest of things. They want to save the world, do
this and that, and yet, before them are people who love them, or people they
know, and they do not give and inspire their world.
That’s really how I know for real who really gives,
You see it when they give to their lovers, their relatives, their friends, then
communities and then that reaches out to world.
Most start out there and well, it’s grand isn’t it but really what about those they
know, those who give them time, those who show love?
So if you give, start with those who you know ﬁrst and then the world.
18 Views · View Upvoters

What small things immediately brighten your day?
Adam Taha, Grateful for the simplest things in life
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They will be..
1. The sun shining
2. A stranger saying “hi,” and “thank you” for giving way to them to have
easy access to path.
3. A smile from shop keeper and thanks.
4. Tea. Yes, I like tea a lot.
5. Finishing another chapter of my book
6. Finishing an illustration for my book
7. Another layout for website done
8. Lover dancing and stripping to nakendness and just enjoying the love
and conﬁdence and fun.

9. Buying new handcuﬀs, ﬂogging gear, paddles for spanking
10. Oh yeah, a few days ago…bought as an ass plug for one of my lovers and
big massive vibratory, with new ropes to tie up.
11. Playing my guitar
12. Writing and singing new songs
13. Sitting in park watching squirrels eating and rushing up the trees
14. Doing sketches of landscapes and plants
15. Getting messages from fans on how their lived changed from work I am
doing and writing.
16. Using my imagination which I don’t need anything and can do it
anywhere and go anywhere in my mind.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why shouldn't boys be sad for being rejected by a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Feel sad.
Stop thinking you need to be some smooth operator. Feeling that shit. You’re a
man. Men feel. Nothing wrong with feeling sad a girl rejected but then stop
moping around showing some sulking face.
That doesn’t make a guy anymore attractive.
Life is ﬁlled with human beings who have the will power to make a choice, yes or
no. Be glad that every girl and every guy has this but also, use it, to then approach
tons of girls and learn…keep learning..get tough…more learning…get tough..see
the lesson and believe you, you will learn so much when you do that.
Be sad.
Feel shit.
Cry if you need to on your own.
Don’t hold that feeling and bottle it.
Go somewhere and feel it but then do not mope, do not sulk with your face and
feel sorry for yourself.
But understand what you just did.
You did what most guys haven’t the balls to do. I mean it. There are millions after
millions of guys who wouldn’t even dare do what you did.
That now gives you a tiny…tiny…tiny edge.
But if you do it often enough, approaching diﬀerent girls and keep getting
rejected, and learn why, get better, you will ﬁnd…you will have the edge that so
many guys you will be saying no to girls the way I do often.
Has got sod all to do with my looks either.
“If you don’t GROW through it…you go through it again and again.”
It’s suppose to hurt.
It’s supose to make you feel shit.
It’s suppose to make you feel dissappointed.

Because…you’re a human being.
A boy. A MAN and MEN feel and though we don’t show it, believe me, we feel
pain, loss and all the stuﬀ most do not see on our face.
Why don’t they see us moping around?
Because a man is not someone who doesn’t cry, who doesn’t feel sad or
dissappointed.
He is a man who doesn’t want want pity from anyone.
Do you want pity?
Or do you want to get stronger?
When she rejects, it isn’t personal.
She may think so but it’s not.
It is her makeup, her wiring, her psychology long before you even knew her.
She isn’t special or unique.
Plenty of girls out there far smarter, intellient and far more attractive and far
amazing personality.
You guys see one girl and think she’s a godess.
Like you’re all virgins, never dated a girl before and had sex.
Who is special and unique is the one who sees you and who gives that time and
who says…YES. The one who is busy and yet gives time to you. Then one who
makes you a priority while others do not and reveals her feels to you as you do to
her.
So feel sad.
Feel whatever but do not behave in a manner to make people pity you. Screw
that. Raise your head high.
Many guys would cower than approach and show intent to a girl.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I have a really bad tattoo on my wrist. I got it when I was in
middle school. Regretted it immediately. Any ideas for Wrist
tattoo Cover ups?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already got some good answers and Lisa gave some spot on awesome advice.
I’m just sharing this so if someone else as well doesn’t lose sleep on this.
Looking at your tattoo it’s easily sorted as it’s not that dark and it can covered
with a new tattoo design. I’m not a tattoo artist but to just show covering up, you
see it can be done, and this I done is very rushed job using your hand image and
images I found on Pininterest…and just manipulated a little and added birds or
whatever.
But talk to tattoo artist as you want something that means something to you..

It’s messy but I just did really fast to show and with a great tattoo artist they’ll
sort you out with something that works for you and much cleaner as well.
4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys approach girls only based on looks?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What does a guy see with?
His eyes.
And what grabs his eyes?
What gets his attenton.
What gets his attention?
Visual.
What is visual?
What appeals to him.
What do you mean appealing?
What is attractive to him and it depends on what attractive is to that guy as all
guys diﬀerent.
Shit! Ok give me something to go on. What can it be?
Her ass, tits and curves.
What else can it be if not these?
Maybe ﬂowing of her hair because the guy ikes ﬂowing hair
Is there anything else than these?
Yes, she might have a friendly or cute, or hot face?
But is there anything else if not these?
Yes,..it could be she is wearing glasses and he likes a girl with glasses. Sign of
knowledge, intelligence and so forth.
But what about anything else than all these? Is there anything else?
Sure, it can be her legs. Some guys like long legs?
Ok what if it’s not that, anything else?
It can be he’s into short girls with red hair.
Hmm. Ok what if not short and red hair?
Maybe he is into fat women.
Fat?
What? You want me to political correct today?
No, haha. Ok what else if not fat?
It can be the clothes she wears. He is into rebel look.
But what else?
He may like a girl wearing ﬂowing ﬂowery styled dress with long boots.
OOoh, I see. Is there anything else if not these?
Yes, it can be she got a tattoo and he likes a girl with tattoo.
But what about if none of these exist?

It can be she is tall with small breasts and big ass.
So ﬁrst it’s visual, the look which gets his attention ﬁrst?
Got it one and anyone else says otherwise lives in fantasy land cloud nine.
So what have I got to do then to get this sorted as I now get what you’re
saying and yes, sick of hearing same bullshit that it’s not the look we don’t
see ﬁrst.
Not like a guy can read my personality from 10 yards, can he?
Exactly.
You need to be approachable because getting his attention is nothing. Anything
can get a man’s attention. The whizzing of a car, the guy shouting for taxi, the
noise of newspaper, the siren of a police car or anything can get his attention.
Distractions everywhere including other girls.
So what do I do then?
Be approachable. Get him to now walk over to you by you initating some moves.
Be approachable.
So how do I become approachable?
Don’t wait for guys to notice you and instead be in control of your life. You see a
guy, smile, get your head out of the phone and look up. See a guy, smile, don’t
stare with a frown look or frozen look.
Smile, it’s very important and then turn your full body, let him know…it’s ok for
him to approach and you won’t bite.
Show interest and don’t think hints and signals going to do it.
But won’t he just approach?
Most guys fear rejection. The way…you do.
If he’s a conﬁdent guy with high self esteem then he would but if he isn’t, it be
diﬀerent. Do you want to bank on that and go home pretending you got such a
busy exciting life like most girls do, hmmm?
So smile, turn your full body and let him know by you walking up to him, so he
knows you want to talk.
But I was doing the play hard to get and hints and signals and what mummy
said, and what friends said and magazines, TV and romance novels said.
Isn’t that suppose to work because they all said it would?
How is that working for you?
Hasn’t worked at all.
So if he approaches because I am approachable, does that means he’s going
to date me?
Nop.
WHY?!
Because he might like what he sees but your personality migh not click with him
or his with you. You might not like the guy when he talks or he might not like you
go further with it all.
Chemistry isn’t there. Maybe your social skills is very low. Maybe your ﬂirting
skills is not there.

Maybe you’re shit at ﬂirting and connecting to him emotionally and
psychologically. Maybe you say something in a judging way. Or you do something
like play hard to get and mess it up.
Or you do get his number, communicate with him texting and then don’t and just
don’t give as much as he does.
You can ﬁnd yourself not speaking his language. It might just been a bad day for
him or you. It can be anything. Who knows except the guy knows.
So how do I increase the chances for him to say yes?
Relax, smile, be fun, don’t be so serious and leave judging where it belongs. Out of
this. You don’t know him and so all is assumptions and nothing else. Forget logic
and focus on making him feel alive, showing him he has to see you again. He has
to also do some work too.
Balance but no games.
But what if he rejects? I did all that for nothing haven’t I?
Hey, guess what?
Yes?
Now you know what’s it’s like being guy.
Welcome to the real world.
Just keep moving on as there will be a guy who will say, “yes,
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would you rather date someone intellectually in tuned or
physically attractive? Being that you could only pick one.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Sorry.
Not going to happen.
Yes, even if you say “you could only pick one.”
Because that’s not going to happen, ever. I am going to pick both.
Yes you wrote the question but I am answering it and no one can put conditions
so they can feel better about themselves by comparing and downing other
people.
There are attractive women who are smart.
So I am going to attract the smart and physically attractive and my lovers are
smart and attractive. I don’t need to chose one or other.
I am not going to say “looks dissappear” and all that.
I might not live till 70 so I am not going to even contemplate on how looks fade. I
look at life today, this moment and now.
I will choose both, thank you very much.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys usually notice small details about girls like hair or
nails? I’ve been talking to and hanging out with a guy, who says
things like, “I like the way you did your nails, ” or “I noticed you
only painted the thumbnail. What’s up with that?”

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes and sometimes. I get it so wrong.
Ok I get it wrong most of the time, ok. I admit it!
Like..
I was doing some work for a client, websites and we have been meeting for last 4
months.
Here we are at the cafe just relaxing and thought we’d just do something outside
of oﬃce and just pretend we are cool people with laptops and mobile phones,
chilling in a cafe doing our work.
Then I looked up and I said..
Me - Oh, so you did your hair, looks great.
Her - ADAM!
Me - Er…yeah?
Her - Men!
Me - WTF? I only said your hair looks great, chill your pussy down!
Her - I did my hair two weeks ago!
Me - You did?
Her - Two weeks and you only bloody noticed today!
So now you got to keep your eyes open like a fucking eagle.
1. Dates
2. Time
3. Event
4. Style
And mention all four and make sure you get all four right because if you get one
of them wrong, it usually is..
“MEN!”
Now you know why I cannot be assed to compliment these days. I mean I don’t
only have to face insecurity that if you compliment it must be you want sex but
now you got to compliment with speciﬁcs.
Yes lads, you got to be speciﬁc.
I have to remember too much.
Don’t get me started on nails and..
Girl - So erm, you noticed something
Me - (I am looking around streets, looking around shops, looking)
Me - Oh yeah! New sports gear shop opened. Let’s check it out!
Girl (rolls her eyes)
Me - What?
Girl - I have been to gym for the last 6 months and you didn’t notice?
Me - But I compliment anyway every week anyway. What you’re on about?!
Girl - Yeah but not on speciﬁcs
Me - Oooh. Ok you’re tits look great and..
Girl - (slaps me on shoulder)
Me - Oh ok, was it the ass? You did squats. Looks great by the way hahaha
Girl - You’re such a fucking Asshole!
Me - Oh you ﬁgured this out just now? Kind of slow aren’t you?
Girl - Seriously! 6 months and you didn’t notice?
Me - Look, a new clothes shop

Girl - Ooooooh
Me - (thank god. Got her side tracked)
Girl - Don’t think I haven’t forgotten (eyebrow raised)
Me - (Damn! Nearly got away with it)
Oh yeah, guys, don’t forget to look down!
Christ, don’t forget to look down..
Girl - So
Me - So?
Girl - OMG! You haven’t noticed?
Me - (I have no idea so I ﬂuke it) Oooh, you got a new jacket!
Girl - (points to new sparkling fuck shoes, Oh sorry, high heels)
Yes, look down lads, the girls sneaky at these things. You never know when they
are going to hit you with these..
Girl - So…notice anything?
3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date a woman with tattoos?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes…if I am attracted to her, and I would date a women without tattoo…and with
tattoos. It’s not just about tattoos but also we are compatible.

I’m a rebel type of guy, high sexual, lover and into art, music, creativty so it’s not
just tattoos, but rather she is creative herself, even if she can’t paint to shit, or
sketch, at least she is passionate or interested in things I am into, any of
these..art, science, humanity, psychology, the universe, nature, helping people
and even helping herself to succeed in life to achieve whatever she wants.

Art twith even tattoos become a consistent conversation to talk about because art
is part of her life and sex as well.
I really admire and attracted to women who are artists or have some love for
creativity, drawing or painting or music. I also admire women who can speak
freely about sex and really can rise to be my equal.
Creativity is important to me as a woman being high sexual…and down right bad
bad girl who really understands there is no such thing as bad girl or good girl, but
a woman who is free from being insecure about her sexuality.
That she has the same attitude as me…loving to communicate her desires, kinks,
fantasies consistently…and..experience them withn me…as though it is a
language of our own.

I can see it either in tattoos or doodles on sketch pad, or canvas or she loves to
dance. She also understands about social norms, isn’t much into following most
of them and in doing so she understands about me as well and why I am who I
am.
To how she treats other people and doesn’t look down on them but rather has
empathy, a lot of love and compassion inside.
I even look at the style of clothes a woman wears. When I see it all together it is
such a turn on…

Also because we got something in common we can go and check some places out
about arts on walls, in galleries, and see other artist at work and even have fun
together.
One woman I dated had a great followup when I showed my intent. I was looking
for compatibility and shared to her…
“I’m not into nice girls and can’t be assed with women got hangups on sex, so I won’t
be interested in such woman. Take it as you wish but I’m not going to go there if a
woman is going to start doing what most women do.”
Her eyes lit up and rolled up her sleeve and smiled with..
“I think we have a lot in common.”
It was a similar tattoo to this one….and kaboom, and found we had a lot more in
common. A lot more…

I met one woman, recently, and I really love how she is passionate about drawing,
sketching and tattoos. It’s very attractive when I know a woman is creative, and
even more so, if she is similar to me with sexual in talking, consistently, not just
one oﬀ. I am consistent in that.
And she loves communication as I do.

Even when she’s busy as I am too, there is still this ever ﬂowing stream of
conversation on What’sapp and she challenges me as well, in that when I sent
some hardcore sexual animated gifs, she does the same too, without holding back
which I love it because it shows she is communicating in my language too. That’s
important to me too.
So as you can see, a lot of people still ask the wrong questions.
Looking for that one thing that a guy looks for.
It’s not like women who ask these questions are going to meet some guy who is
looking for a girl with tattoos but rather there be something else about her.
That she’s compatible, she connects with him at an emotional and psychological
as as he connects with her.
There is this chemistry between them and they both know how to create this
chemistry to build up the ﬁre to intense level.
She has to be high sexual, a lover type, doesn’t make sex a big deal and has other
values I have already mentioned.
Even then, there is the personality, the courage, patience, isn’t a crowd follower
but rather blazing her own path.
A rebel who is fun and cheeky…

She has sexual appeal and can also rise to challenge when I’m sexual in
conversation and doesn’t avoid it but ﬂows with it as well.
Far too many women switch oﬀ their sexuality and cannot step out of the
Masculine world and out of their heads.
She’s smart, intelligent and yet sexy in her own way.

But then you got billions of other guys and all look for something else as well. We
are all diﬀerent.
So what is a girl going to do?
Change if some guy is not into tattoos or into whatever you value in life?
So yes, I would date a woman with or without a tattoo …but…I look for something
much more than that.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

How big of a diﬀerence does it make to start working hard
when you're young versus waiting until you're a "professional"?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Apr 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not just about working hard.
It’s about working smart.
Most don’t work smart because they don’t understand that a track record of what
that is consistent, can be very powerful because it is that which most companies
look at on your CV.
That your CV makes sense.
But something else we need to appreciate which most people don’t.
Years ago, a person was known by the company he worked for, by the job status
he was promoted to, by what his friends said, by what most in those who were in
his reach said about him and by the qualiﬁcation on paper.
In those times people worked where they were born. They didn’t need to travel
much and so, much of the knowledge, expertise, and even manufacturing of
steel, goods, computers and so much more was in the city or country.
The CV was good enough with added some character references.
People new each other and it was like tight community.
You walk into an interview and someone on interview panel would have heard of
your work and know you.
However, times have changed.
People traveling to other cities for work. Everyone is new. No one knows you.
You’re like everyone else handing a CV.
Even though the CV and your qualiﬁcation is important…you now live in a
diﬀerent time and era.
You are now facing a world in which there is a vast abundance of people with
specialised and honed in skills coming from other countries too,
They are very knowledgeable, very skilled and far hungry than most because they
weren’t born in a home, with roof over their heads most of the time.
They weren’t born in a climate where not one day was there was war in their
world, and explosions, and all kinds of terror. They didn’t wake up knowing they
had meal to eat but had to survive.
They lived everyday dreaming of “one day,” and done so with such passion and
no way in hell are these folks lazy. They do not make excuses and they do not take
anything most do for granted.
So, for example, people like myself..

When I came to England, I never relied on what majority did. A CV. I didn’t go
and work hard doing what most did and think that’s the magic. Oh no. I was
smarter than that.
I didn’t go to school and did what so many did, got so busy, being busy. I focused
on building the track record. I knew what I wanted to become and so after school,
I created my own projects and even worked for companies who liked what I was
doing.
Even then, I wasn’t busy being busy.
I sometimes wonder these days on how come so many people keep saying they
are so busy then I see, much of their time is doing things for validation,
acceptance, rather than building their track record.
I built a personal brand…
I am not talking aboutlike these motivational nonsense you read online about
personal branding. It was a track record I created because..
“It’s not what you say but what other people, the right people say, about who you
are, what you got to oﬀer, how you can solve the problem, and the quality of skill
and so on.”
See it like a bank. You want a loan…
They know you got a status in a job. They know you got some qualiﬁcation but
what do they really look for?
They look at your credit score.
You’re track record and what it really says.
You can give all the speel you want but in the end it is what others say about you.
It’s what other agencies say about the track record, the numbers.
If it doesn’t align, you won’t get the loan.
So I went and created that history, that track record and while I walked one day,
waiting for an interview, and all people who had degrees sat there, and I had no
degree, not much qualiﬁcations either, my time came.
And…
I got the job than any of crowd who went for that job.
You may say that’s unfair.
I make things fair.
I make things fair in business, work, dating and everything else.
I don’t expect anything but I expect for myself to give back to the world that gave
me the opportunity to learn, grow and to access resources.
I worked towards building the track record for whoever sees the numbers, and
says..
“This is the guy we go for. His track record speaks louder.”
I created magazines when I was 16 years old by my own hand. No team and I did
the research, ﬁlled it with my own content, designs, the lot and it was printed and
looked like a copy you’d see in shops.
I created newspapers designs and even printed some out using my money to get
word going.

I did so much more and documented everything.
They saw that and more.
I got the job because I had the right people talking about what I do and done, and
achieved. They talked about the new things I created and the skills I used as well
as the quality of work.
You cannot beat such track record except if mummy and daddy is CEO of that
company and even then, they’d have more sense if they want to generate sales, or
hire someone with specialised skils of another kind and do so by hiring the right
person who can get the job done.
So you are now in the modern world…
You see right now people leave their city to get a job.
Some don’t see their family/relatives for months and a year, or on holidays. Some
even go to diﬀerent countries to get a job. You now have the internet and so
companies have access to an abundance of people.
They will look at your track record which includes how you behave, what you are
saying out there in world and if you behave in a manner that goes against what
they value, you are done.
How many then young people mess around using social media and do not realise
the repercussions of what’s to come for their career?
Be smart.
How are you going to use the modern technology to win?
1. Know what you want to become.
2. Know what skills you need and qualiﬁcation but know it’s not enough.
3. Know what obstacles you face to know what solutions, knowledge,
advise you need to overcome them. No excuses as I didn’t make them
and my cousins who are coming…are not going to make excuses.
4. Create the track record by not playing safe. Go and create projects, join
organisations or whoever to create or work on projects to demonstrate
these skills these companies look for.
5. Document your achievements, right now, this minute by having a
website and write about this passion, showing what you’re doing and
ensuring you’re not breaking company policies you work for.
You can just write about the knowledge you are learning, sharing your
journey, adding skills on that websites, showing photographs, sharing
your growth.
6. Create something you did which is relevant to the industry you are in. If
you are into coding, then code. If you’re into sales, then ﬁnd products
and sell, and document the progress and how you did it and ensuring
you get results and if you don’t, share why and get better at doing it. If
it’s music, do that, and ensure you know how to build an audience.
If it’s writing for magazines on topics like travel, fashion etc then do that.
Go out, take photos, visit enevents, document, write, reveal, show.
If it’s science or being an environmentalist, whatever, be smart. You have
no time to waste. Document like I have mentioned. Create the story as
you go along showing your passion, your expertise and your growth as

time goes by. Be passionate about it putting time in doing this and
making it one of the priorities.
As time goes by, while others study, while others focus just on CV, you are
creating a personal brand in which OTHERS, like companies, like other skilled
people in that industry are now talking about you, your website, and you’re even
meeting these experts and getting to be known.
You use social media not for idoicy but to put your name there, what you desire to
achieve and share what you’re doing, showing excitement, photos, videos, and
your life doing what you’re passionate about and connecting it to the website you.
By the time you leave college, not only will you have a CV but also a digital of
work that span years and you have shown passion, seriousness on what you want
to do, and have documented it clear for the…whole…world…to…see.
You will have ﬁnished projects and a track record…on what…other people, the
right people, the right specialised skill people, say about you.
Plenty of people work hard but you must work smart as well and not many do.
They follow each other, and not unique, nor diﬀerence and just do what’s in their
comfort zone without realising, they need to have an edge.
This is how you have the edge.
Create your own portfolio but do it as you go along. Do and share. Do and share.
Do and share. Get it out there. Show passion.
That’s how I got a job as a writer for magazines.
That’s how I got a job as a teacher.
That’s how I got a job as a recruitment consultant.
That’s how I got a job as a development oﬃcer.
That’s how I got a job as an Editor in cheif of a magazine.
That’s how I got a job as a graphic designer.
Now I am moving on, and moving into other things and so now, I have pulled
these websites down, and now building a new one and again….showing the track
record.
And I have that track record will be shown on the new website.
Lots of stories, real ones, with lots of customers, testimonials, and videos, photos
of the work and even my own products.
It’s a lot to take in but reﬂect on it and it will make sense.
Working hard is ﬁne but work smart. Know how it works in the world out there
and know what will make you stand out.
See CV and qualiﬁcations as just protocol and build track record now, so when
you do get the qualiﬁcations, it makes…sense.
Like a credit score.
That the story you tell is not just you talking but other people, right people, right
companies, are doing the talking about you…and…you show all that work in the
digital world.
Why digital world?
Because it’s easily accessible, downloadable, watchable, 24 houra a day, 7 days a
week, 365 days.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do nice girls ﬁnish last?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some old story isn’t it.
Same old thing over and over again.
The guy who doesn’t go for nice girls, does not leave and come back begging to be
back in her life. You’re doing the same thing mummy told you.
It doesn’t happen.
The bad boy who is so good with girls in school and college, does not ﬁnd himself
being a crack head, alone and a loser. He will still be skillful and making it
happen. I know enough of these guys and they are raking it in with money and
amazing lifestyle.
This isn’t Hollywood, where the actor leaves some nice girl, and ﬁnds himself in
big trouble and then he returns to that nice girl because he so beat up.
That’s fantasy.
I am sure girls today had enough of that bullshit story and now need to get a grip
of reality or they’ll be telling that story to feel good as they lick their wounds.
Here’s the reality….
The world makes way for those who know what they want and go for what they
want. It doesn’t make room so easily for those pretending, sending hints, making
subtle signals like they are animals peacocking for fairtyale knights to come
running and saving them from Dragons and Ogres.
What happened centuries ago is happening today.
Mummy was bullshitting and so was Daddy, so is your friends, and so is Cosmo
magazine, and all your girly friends.
There is the weak and strong.
Conﬁdence rules supreme, always. No matter what anyone says. It is the King and
Queen. Hands down.
If you cannot demonstrate you believe you are worthy by your own behaviour,
and instead try to be timid, meek, like you’re not worthy, then of course it’s going
to be real hard for you.
You will then try to do what nice guys do. Supplicate.
Use “nice” as some agenda that “nice” is the way to attract but it does nothing but
reveal how one is coward, is fearing social pressure, is not honest and is worried
about what others think of them,
Therefore, if you is a girl like this, no fucking way can you stand up when world
comes at us, because I will know you’re a coward, only care what others think of
you, and will probably run, make drama, take side of society, of daddy, of
mummy, of friends rather than stand by your man.
You see?
All this and so much more a conﬁdent guy sees when a girl is hesitant and girl
doesn’t even realise it so.
Think of it like that…

Hesitancy reveals a language, it is talking to a guy at a subcommunicate level, that
he is not as important than your fears and what world thinks.
So with all the “niceness” it means fuck all to me.
You can call it as you will, making it all about sex, and making that a big deal but
we know don’t we nice girls, we know real well what is kicking oﬀ in that mind,
and it has nothing to do with me, the guy or any other guy.
That you fear rejection.
You fear not being validated.
You fear it so because you’re already insecure about yourself, your looks, your
body, your face, your ass, tits and everyday, yes, everyday you compare your tits,
ass, looks, clothes, everything to other girls you see.
Then you do what most women do, being hypocrites on how men objectify and
yet you objectify yourself everyday, comparing yourself everyday, to other girls
and even in your fantasies, where it’s some hunk, or some white ivory white skin
girls you’re eating out and riding, or some black girl with smooth caramel skin,
and so on.
But when it comes to reality, when you see a guy you don’t approach, you behave
weird, you pretend, you be like some platonic friend, always fearing if you will be
seen as a slut, whore, too easy, and always…always saying the contradictory to
what it is you really want.
And I and other guys see you, and we question..
1. If your friends talked bad about me, a whisper…you’d side them instead
of me because all you worry about is how it looks to you with friends.
2. If your daddy said no, you’d side by him and always worry to look like a
good girl in front of him and leave me high and dry
3. If we wanted to experience all our desires, you probably judge me
anyway, because you said you’re not some hookup girl, like you look
down on sex, on other girls, and so, you’d look down on me.
Every action, words and the behaviour a nice girl does contradicts to what she
desires and wants, and also sends a red ﬂag message.
That she is too much of a hassle, a pretender, a girl like nice girls, who use nice as
an agenda of manipulation to hide under radar to show their true intent.
So she gets friendzoned not because of nice, but because she is weak, she is
showing lack of authenticity, credibility and can’t be trusted.
There are so many diﬀerent guys for ANY girl to be with and date.
So many girls, one guy won’t be attracted to this girl but another will. So there
will be many girls I won’t ﬁnd attractive that other guys will, and same will girls
with looking at guys.
But that is not the problem.
Insecuritities is. Fear of rejection is. This ongoing game of hint and signals,
playing safe is the problem.
Being unapproachable.
If you think girls don’t get friendzoned, you’re wrong. If you think a guy doesn’t
zone pretty girls ass deep into antartic, go and see the real world. If you think
sitting around, doing shit, and hoping and being passive about it is going to stop
Assholes like me to walk up to a girl, dream on.

If a girl thinks being nice is enough, she is totally screwed for real.
If a girl think other girls will just sit there being all pretty and no girl is going to
approach the guy too, then she is delusional.
There is only this and it is really a universal law.
1. A girl don’t move her ass, showing a guy she interested, another girl will.
2. A girl plays hard to get, shy, and all that, another thousand girls won’t be.
3. If a girl thinks she is entitled, like a princess for guy to chase, another
million girls will not do that and he will date one of them.
4. If a girl thinks the guy will one day learn how amazing she is as a nice
girl, come crying and begging, then you never had a conﬁdent man
before and have no clue what such a man is. He will have moved on, long
gone and he knows his value.
The world makes room for those who know what they want and go for what they
want and it is much easier for them…than those who sit around, pretending she’s
a princess, and it’s all to do with her look and how she can master mathematic or
scientiﬁc equasions.
There isn’t only one girl on planet earth.
There isn’t only one guy guy on planet earth
The stronger always wins in the end and the shy, reserved, will have to just wait in
line…waiting…waiting…waiting…and wait some more.
No one gives a shit who wins the race or loses.
The only thing people give a shit about is getting some and if you don’t get some,
no one gives a damn and if you do…no one gives a damn as well.
You are either getting some or not, but don’t bitch, complain, whine, call others
Jerks, Players, Assholes, Sluts, Whores, Too easy when they know how to get what
they want, whenever they want and get it a lot.
You either learn from them, take good and leave what you think is bad, or really,
it is now all about some fear, psychological problem like fear of rejection,
abandonment and social anxiety.
There is the weak and the strong. Period.
Decide where you stand, what you want and go and get what you
want..and..know how to get what you want in a way that is appealing.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kayee Tong

I don't like it when my boyfriend has good grades in uni or
succeeds in anything else. I'm not jealous. But what else could
it be?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So here I was, walking on stage, thousands of people, and three of my lovers
where behind stage, and yet, as I stepped on stage to sing the songs I’ve lived,
with full band, their face seemed worried.
It wasn’t faces of joy but something else I have seen before.
As I sang the ﬁrst song, the crowd going crazy, and I again, as I turned I saw their
faces, the same. I kept singing one song after another, and women looking up at
me, the band hammering it, the drummer is smiling, can’t believe we reached

this place, the bass player looking at me winking, a red head, one of my lovers as
well, and when we reached the 10th song…I ﬁgured it out.
I ﬁnished and crowd crazy, cheering for one more song, so I brought my lovers on
stage, for fun, and they were like “no…no…no.”
I brought them on stage and they sang the songs I sang a million times before and
they memorised them. They are my ﬁrst fans and followed my journey for years.
Feels like a century gone by.
As we walked oﬀ the stage, and crowd still asking for more songs I said…
“Look. Whatever happens, wherever I ﬂy too, remember what I said. It changes
nothing. I’m still the same fucking Asshole guy, your lover….”
They laughed.
“It doesn’t mean I will leave anyone behind. It doesn’t mean shit. This out there,
is just life, me battling it out, but here, between us, is real. I’m not leaving only if
you want me to. Nothing to be scared about. Now what is worrying you?”
And I found out I was right.
They were worried when I get a taste of the money, or whatever, I will leave them
behind.
They didn’t realise, is I saw the world as nothing more than world to give, and
battle, but I want to come home in the arms of my lovers, and really, if I could do
so, do just do that, I’d be happy but I have always been a man of greater purpose.
What makes a man ﬂy away 99% of time, is the pressure, the choking feeling of
jealousy, the fear…of a woman not seeing he loves her, and she is doing all drama,
to make him feel sick in head because she fears of losing him.
You have a choice.
You can live in fear he may ﬂy away or you focus on the moment, right now,
today, not tomorrow.
Sort your insecurities out by talking to him, enjoying his achievements, and
support him and give without trying to imprison him.
Because in all your fears, it is nothing but your own insecurities, your own fears
of being alone and abandoned.
Look back then in your past, and see and put the puzzle together to ﬁnd where
this toxic script came from because this is about you not him.
If you don’t sort it out and project such negativity in him, and behave in such
manner, you may ﬁnd you become part of that force, that push a man away.
No matter what you say or do, no one can control anyone else.
All you can do is live in the moment not in what might happen, and build on
what you have or you lose sight, and ﬁnd yourself regretting the past….fearing the
future…to lose the present.
That is why the present is a gift.
That is all you got.
Today. Now, This moment.
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys prefer skinny or fat girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Alright then. Here goes..
Mondays - I prefer curvy girls. I love curvy girls. Yes, I love a curvy girl, and if she
got tits, luscious big tits and ass, and smiles…got to smile, awesome. You know
these curvy girls, so damn amazing socially, and also fun to be with and man, in
bed, amazing in bed.
Knows how to do all the twirling with their asses when riding you in a cow girl
position. Gives an amazing blow job and loves all positions I will do when with
her for sex. Romantic. Yes, I am a romantic as well when a woman gets to know
me. I don’t do that in beginning as I want to diﬀerentiate myself from nice guy.
Tuesday - I prefer skinny girl, but she has to be a badass, with tattoos, and wild,
and always, she has to be sexual when talking to me. She’s high sexual like the
curvy girl. Creative, into arts, music, writing, nature, science. One of these
anyway.
Wednesay - Has to be tall girl, with long legs, ﬂowing blond hair. Again artistic,
creative, maybe into science, or arts, or has passion to save the world. Is ﬂiexible,
so I can fuck her while doing the splits and put her legs behind her head for deep
penetration.
Thursday - Shorter girl who has similar taste in passion and loves bondage. Yes,
thusday is bondage day. All that ﬂogging, paddles slapping on her ass, tied up,
and so I love short girls for that who are very….very….very…submissive in bed.
Friday - I prefer girl with glasses, tall, or short, or curvy, doesn’t matter. Has to be
wearing glasses if it’s saturday and she must look at me in a cute way, and be very
submissive.
Saturday - I prefer foursome, with curvy, skinny, tall and short girl, doing all
kinds of kinky ways. I will if I can hire a fuck machine, tie them up, and they all
have fun while I watch and read the newspapers, enjoying the groaning and
moaning ﬁlling the house with sweet aroma ;)
Sunday - Is training day for all girls, on how to call me Master and Daddy, and
other kinks lessons, and knowing their desires so I know how to pleasure them
all.

What I’m saying, a guy can see a girl, and he suddenly ﬂips because of her
personality. One day he likes skinny girls, but next year he’s into curvy girl, next
year he’s into tall girls.
As a man matures, he may even go for any type of girl as in height, looks because
he’s not that bothered about the look as much as kindness, compassion, want to
FEEL good about himself and a girl who makes him feel that way is what he
wants.
As you can see, a girl who tries to ﬁt in with what a guy wants is plain and simply
going to go crazy and even hit her self esteem real hard.
What is she going to do?
Be curvey on Monday and then skinny on Tuesday?
Find out the dates who prefer certain type of girl and becomes a master in
disguise for each day?
Is she going to be 5ft9 one week day and shorter 5ft2 week after.

Why not just be herself and think..
“What do I want in a guy?”
Then learn about such guys, personality and be a better version of herself in skill,
knowledge, in looking after herself, focusing on bringing the best inside of her
and go where these guys are.
Why complicate it?
Let’s face it, it’s not like girl is going to see a guy she likes and suddenly walk right
up to him and ask him out.
That is rare and if such girls are like that, well, they will have grown so much to
not even ask this question anyway.
They will not be bothered what someone thinks about how tall, short, skinny,
curvy or what they wear. They’ve grown and embraced who they are.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is your favorite science-related picture?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A radio-frequency image of the universe…taken by the GaLactic and
Extragalactic All-sky Murchison Wideﬁeld Array (GLEAM) radiotelescope in the
Australian Outback. Natasha Hurley-Walker / GLEAM Team / Via nature.com

And then your breath is taken away by this…
Lightning ﬂashes and city lights are seen from the International Space Station,
with two Russian spacecraft in the foreground. NASA / Via nature.com

Space. Universe. Inspired :)
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why are some boys ambigious when it comes to admitting to
their true feelings for someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me see…
“He just wants me for sex, doesn’t he?”
“He probably is a player, which is why he’s so good with words.”
“He probably says that to every girl he meets.”
“He’s a ﬂirt, and probably ﬂirts with other girls.”
“All guys care about is sex..sex..sex…”
“Guys approach me and all them just do it because I’m pretty and want to use me,
never a guy I like approaches” Decoded as…she won’t give a shit if he was hot good
looking and probably give him a blow job if he said so.
Let’s look at some more..
“Oh he’s so sweet and nice, but he’s too much of a good nice guy.”
“He tells me I’m beautiful all time, is it because he wants sex?”
“He always compliments me, and tells me I’m gorgeous. He wants sex, doesn’t
he?”
“He text me lots and…and….and….he wants sex, doesn’t he?”

“Why would a guy I don’t know approach me and wants to know me. Sex that’s
why?”
So now guys want certainty and won’t approach a girl or ask out due to these
experiences they had with girls, and fear of rejection.
We all know, when a guy approaches and shows intent, most girls get all
emotional wrecked and start doing some weird behaviour..
“Oooh he just wants me for sex..”
Guys now read the internet. You girls are all over the places saying how this guy
must be a player and wants sex, and so now guys read that if you approach, show
intent…then he be judged as a guy who just wants sex.
Now, let me do the same for you…..
Why are you not being clear with the guys.
You’re asking guys how they feel about you.
That’s not the question to ask.
Guys KNOW what is going on when girls ask this question. It feels like a trap. It
feels gamey and manipulative.
Just tell the guy you’re attracted to him instead of these games to get a…
response without getting a rejection.
The guys knows what you’re doing and so they are not going to answer. It’s the
oldest trick in the book and girls thinks guys don’t know.
They’ve been there and their friends been there….
Girl - How do you feel about me?
Guy - I really am attracted to you
Girl - Ooooh, erm, I didn’t know. I see you as a friend.
That’s why and all these experiences, like you girls are past on to one generation
to another, and that is why we now got this mess.
A girl who does that isn’t being honest.
She is side stepping to avoid rejection and passing the buck to him.
You want to ask a guy, ask..
“Hey, look. I’m really attracted to you and I want to know if you feel the same way?”
That’s how a girl asks to ﬁnd out not that way, which does nothing but creates
more confusiuon.
So if a girl wants clarity…give clarity.
If you give ambiguity, you get back ambiguity.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl ask a boy if he is shy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. For pete sake, for the love of ice cream, pizza’s, and all good on this
planet, plus the brand bags I so love….show me…you’re interested in me!

2. If you don’t get your head out of your ass and show me you’re interested
in me, talk for pete sake, TALK TO ME, then I am so had enough of you
3. I am interested in you. I am giving an excuse for you to talk to me, so for
pete sake, stop letting me sweat and talk.
4. You’re frustrating me now, because I showed you how much I am
interested in you and you’re not doing anything or enough to give me
back to let me know it’s worth it and if you don’t….I will move on.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my female friend call me over when she has to
shower?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. You let her
2. You are so easily available
3. You is the “nice” guy
4. The white knight
5. Who wants her pussy
6. To impress her
7. The guy who she friendzoned so deep into the antartic and who is so
passive, he won’t say “no, what the fuck you take me for?”
But will ask everyone else on here because you’re worried if you ask her…youi will
lose the opportunity for some ass and pussy.
There we go.
Remember, assholes will say it as it is and I am an Asshole, so it’s your lucky day ;)
Now, invite her to your place.
Because you are going to have shower and you got this hot sexy babe coming to
meet you and you want her to be there just..in case.
423 Views · View Upvoters

How do you get your boyfriend’s attention without asking for
it? He's too busy playing his video games.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you do is..
1. Walk into the living room with this on and like you’re looking for
something near the screen as he plays and walk back out of the living
room..

2. Then put a dress over your lingerie..and walk back in as you look around for
your small purse or bag…..

3. Then bang your jacket on and say, “I am going out with my friends to a party
and…with….some……guys..”

Now you got his attention.
Edit, got message for more ideas…
1. Get yourself this…huge vibrator…

2. Make sure you wear something sexy….

3. In the same living room, on the settee, take your nickers oﬀ…masturbate and
do all the noises. I mean, go for it, really groan and moan.
Have fun and just let it happen.
4. Not only you got his attention…he’s joining you..

Another…
1. Go to your bedroom
2. Put on a recording of a guy doing all the grunting and..
“Oh baby, you’re so ﬁne, I am going to pound you hard.”
3. You scream, “Yes baby, yes, harder! OMG! It’s…soooooon BIG!”
4. He’ll be running in the bedroom as you lay there, on bed, naked,
ushering him to bed with your ﬁnger and bite your lips…

Make sure, he does foreplay for 30 minutes or more. Teach him how and ﬁnd out
what he likes too and pleasure each other.
Now you got his attention and…so much more ;)
It will lead to more exciting adventures in future and you can play a lot of things
together, role playing and…real games.
23.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys lose interest when a girl reciprocates her feelings
and interest?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be any of these or even all of them…
1. The ﬁrst..when the chase is done, when the guy/girl got the attention,
then that is all they wanted. They weren’t really interested in the person
but rather the chase, the emotions and are addictive to the validation

and response. So lack of maturity, lack of consistency and really not yet
that grown up when it comes to knowing how to connect at deep level.
2. It can also mean, a girl is selecting guys due to looks alone and so she
attracts the shallow, the superiﬁcial, the ones who just want attention,
nothing else and nothing much that’s deep about her.
3. If not this, then it is because the girl herself is up and down with moods
and one minute hot, one minute cold. It was all going well and then she
begins to share drama, stories of drama, and nothing really focused on
the guy. Really, it’s best to stay focused on building attraction and not do
all that especially if the girl has yet met the guy and haven’t been
physically intimate and sexually intimate.
Until that happens, it is best to keep such things under wrap until the
emotional investment is sorted by meeting face face, sexual and intimate
physical connection has happened a few times.
Also if she doesn’t show sexual and romantic feelings due to not knowing
how to and if she doesn’t raise to the level of communication and in
similar way as the guy, it can be seen that the girl isn’t trying.
It can be seen as he is giving a lot more than she does, it’s unbalanced all
the time and so the guy slowly loses interest as time goes by.
4. It can be guy is passive and so is the girl, and the part in which escalation
needs to happen, isn’t happening. So when there is no moving foward
and at least an aggreement to meet in future hasn’t happened, then
attraction fades due to being passive.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know when it is the right time to ask the girl at work
for her number and how do I work up to it without sounding
weird?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me clarity something to you.
It’s very simple.
No matter how you say it, what you say, when, if the sun shines that day, or it’s
xmas, or everything is so cool, or she wears a thong and nothing else and she is so
conﬁdent to do so and she’s like warrior tiger girl…
It will always be weird for women when a guy approaches.
Weird meaning, their brain will go on over drive, and I mean..
“OMG! What if he’s a player?”
“Does he really like me or for my ass?”
“I bet he does that with other women too?”
“Why ask me out when he can ask all these hot sexy girls?”
“He probably wants to use me for sex.”
Moment a guy approaches, even to just say “hi,” they are already hearing
mummy, daddy, friend, newspaper headlines, movie scenes of a guy using a girl,
friend has an experience, past experience with dickhead ex-boyfriends, and
suddenly, you’re now being evaluated, put in a box…BEFORE…you said a damn
word.
And it be like I said “ooooh sex.”

And I would love to say say…
“Girl please. You got how many masturbation toys under your bed and how many
times you used shower head to masturbate, and fantasize in your boring, tedious
life and pretend on Facebook, instagram it’s an adventure when it’s not? You know
your life is so boring, you are dying for some excitement right now, something new,
than doing same old boring shit everyday and pretend it’s awesome time!”
So it be weird mate, no matter what you do, when you do it.
So here’s the deal..
This is one girl. One girl. ONE.
You’re gong to be fretting over one girl who probably will say no, and then you got
all emotionally charged over this one girl?
Forget it.
Just walk right up to her and say..with a pad and draw lines like this..

Then..
“Hey, listen..”
Then draw a circle or x and hand her the pen and..
“Go on then, we haven’t got all day you know. No one has yet beaten me here.”
(smile)
And have fun.
Don’t make it serious and don’t let her win to impress her.
If you win..
“Damn. Here I thought, if you beat me I’d buy you a drink cause you looked
diﬀerent to rest of women here, smart and got style because beauty is very common,
genetic. Next time..”
If she wins..
“Ok, you were lucky. Lucky, but I might be right about you because when I saw you I
thought you’re diﬀerent to girls I see walking about…smart and not just attractive.
You know, beauty is just far too common these days. Genetics. Doesn’t need much
work. Right, hope to see you again for more fun..”
It’s a job environment.
You’re going to see her again.
Flirt ﬁrst, have fun, break the ice and keep doing things like that to get warmed
up and then ﬁnd out who her friends are at work.
Then invite them to bar and then invite her, saying all her mates coming too. Now
you got her out of work environment, from Masculine world into fun world, to
converse, and get things cooking.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Just got to know this girl. After the ﬁrst date I didn't text her for
around 3 days. Texted her after that. She replied once and
didn't reply anymore. Sent her 2 more texts and got blocked.
Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Apr 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Escalation window is always tiny. Always. Guys and girls make this mistake far
too often and you made that mistake as well..
1. You left it too long. It doesn’t take much to text and show interest. Don’t
tell me you didn’t have 5 mins to text a valuable text and show interest.
Anyone else says they too busy, please, get a life and organise your life,
no one is busy than people I know.
They run 5 companies, managing teams, travel around world, writing 5
books and stil have time to text women/men they are lovers with or
attracted to or they call by phone.
Women/Men who don’t reply to them or they ﬁnd they don’t give time
the way they do, get blocked, cut oﬀ and these men move on because
busy to them is not some fashion statement and looks cool.
To them it is a lack of leadership and people get busy to be busy most of
the times, or do things to get busy to get validation rather to do
productive work in their life.
You had plenty of time to text back on day after the date or even next day
but you didn’t. It would only taken 5 mins.
2. Attraction needs to built on the moment it is revealed. You need to
connect fast, escalate it, spike it up, but one day is too long never mind 2
days. Therefore, she now doesn’t want to know because to her, it seems
you don’t care, you weren’t that interested and she moved on.
She doesn’t want games or she doesn’t want someone showing half assed
interest.
It’s tough enough as it is to show vulnerability to then wait for someone
who takes too long to even text after the date.
3. Two days is too long for her. That’s her boundaries.
She text ﬁrst time back to be polite but decided also, not to bother anymore and
moved on.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ever possible to attract a girl if you are out of work at the
moment?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So, here I was. I got hit with loss of job. Company I worked for sold and they
started ﬁring tons of people and so I was out of a job.
Next day I am walking into a night club, and after bills paid, I got in for free
because I went early, and only had some monies for taxi back or catch early bus.
Walked in, did my usual stuﬀ, walked out with a tall, blonde, big tits, amazing ass,
and luscious lips, who gave me a blow job in alley, then fucked in ass in another
alley, and went home…wait for it now..it only had a settee, bed, and usual stuﬀ in
kitchen, because I sold most of my stuﬀ to survive until I got ajob,.
Dated her for one year.
Next.

I always bounce up and I take risks in life. Sometimes I win big and sometimes I
lose big. I lost big in this occassion and not fault of my own but legalities
changed, and company I was a sales rep for, making 100k in wages, moves out of
countries and closes in UK.
Now I am out of a job.
Sell my car. My house is in trouble. Lose the house and I am homeless.
Now wait for it. Let me clarify something.
I AM NOW HOMELESS! Nothing. Nada. Zip.
So I got this harmonica, only thing I got left and I play it in street, busking and
make about £20 and as I was walking to get some food, who do I see, but this girl,
in tight jeans and man, what an ass. I mean if you ever see such an amazing ass,
she had it.
I walk up to her, do my thing and she cracks up laughing as I reply to her when
she asks, if I live around here and I say..
“Nah. I am homeless. But ready to rule the world.”
She smiles, laughs as we talk and next day I meet her and we talk, get a drink of
coﬀee and I sexualize the shit out of the conversation.
She says, “I have this painting but I never know what it means.”
There we go, that’s my hook..
“Interesting. Maybe I can help to ﬁnd out what it means as you know, I am an
artist.”
Oﬀ we go to her house, still escalating, sexualising, making her laugh, she ﬂirts, I
slap her ass, and when we get to her house….I escalate more, and we have sex.
Dated her for 6 months and broke up, and then she came back after two weeks
because the guy who let’s her walk all over him, and we date another year. She
loved a man who is dominate and she wanted to be submissive in bed, and so we
were awesome match.
I can go on and on with these events in my life.
I never needed money to attract women and have sex, and relationship.
I never needed fancy clothes.
I never needed a degree.
I never needed even all theses bullshit talks about “how you got to look hot to get a
girl.”
Yes you need sexual appeal but none of all most talk about.
Of course, years later I became ﬁnacially stable, with hot clothes, hitting the gym
and all that but…these weren’t the reason why I attracted women and dates, sex,
relationship.
The reason is..
1. My head isn’t full of shit like most guys are
2. I have specialized knowledge and skill when it comes to dating
3. I have BIG MASSIVE BALLS not just in dating, in life in general.
I also learnt to understand this…

“What you don’t grow through…..you will go through again and again.”
So if you don’t pick up the lesson, ﬁgure it out, grow through it, then you will
always be where you are. As the years go by you will be in a worse position and I
mean mentally and emotionally.
You never need to buy a woman’s respect, aﬀection, desire for you and even love
as time goes by.
Yes, money is good but that is only feedback to show how what you know in
business, or in your career…is not bullshit but really works.
That you know what you’re talking about.
Sometimes, you might get hit and lose big but since you know what you’re talking
about, you can work your way back applying the same principles that helped you
make money in ﬁrst place or helped you to get a job etc.
But in regards of dating…meh.
You’re real status is your behaviour.
You’re giving excuses for your passive-aggressive behaviour, your fear of rejection
and a whole lot of lack of specialized knowledge and skill.
It’s like some commander telling you as a solider to go into the battleﬁeld and he
gives you bows and arrows, while you’re facing ﬁghter planes, grenades and
bullets, and mine ﬁelds.
You haven’t prepared yourself mindset wise, knowledge and skill wise. Nor have
you enough experience either.
Sort your head out because it’s preventing you to..grow.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

During sex, what gives a girl maximum pleasure?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’ll never know until you have conﬁdence and communication specialized
skills to know how to ﬁrst arouse her to open up and share what gives her
maximum pleasure.
I know exactly what gives a girl pleasure before I meet for dating face to face - and
- the way I do things and how I see dating is very diﬀerent to most people. I don’t
follow the norms and the fallacies.
I ﬁnd out early on and have the knowledge, specialized skill and experience to
know how to do so.
It can be anything and can be a combination of things.
What is very important is knowing how to create sexual tension leading to sex,
which helps with also giving maximum pleasure.
But in regards with sex in bedroom then it can be..
1. Pinning her to the wall and and it’s that dominating for her body to
shake, as you lock eyes with her, and ripping her clothes oﬀ.
2. It can be throwing her on bed, tying her on bed, hands and spreading her
legs wide, and ﬂogging her and spanking her.
3. It can be hand around her kneck, choke hold, and..
Me - You’re my slut

Girl - Yes Master
Me - What else?
Girl - You’re whore Daddy
Me - What else?!
Girl - You’re little naughty girl
Me - And you’ve been bad haven’t you?
Girl - Yes Daddy, Yes Master, so naughty, punish me please.
So role play, the fantasy, which she loves but fear telling you and you
won’t know if she isn’t comfortable with you and you don’t know how to
make her comfortable to open up like this to say she likes this role play
way before sex, way before even meeting up face to face for dating.
I know how to do that as it is a specialised skill, knowledge most men do
not know how to do so.
So the girl behaves like she does with most guys….insecure,…afraid…she
might be judged.
4. It can be her nipples clamped with chain and as you fuck her you pull the
chain which pulls on her clamps and nippes, giving her sweet pleasure
pain.
5. It can be..
Me - Get on your knees now.
Girl - Yes Daddy
And tigh her hand back and put a collar on her with lead chain, and
stringing her up, spreading her legs wide, like she’s ﬂying like supergirl,
and fucking her in ass, pussy and then turning her round while she’s in
air, to give you a blow job.
6. It can be…
Me - You see her?
Girl - Yes Master
Me - You like white smooth skin blonde girls, don’t you?
Girl - OMG! Yes Daddy! Yes!”
Me - She’s yours. Go on and play and have fun. I’ll watch
Girl - THANK YOU MASTER! THANK YOU!”
Then after a while…when they had their fun, orgasm multiple times,
squirting, I join for threesome.
7. It can be….
She loves wearing bondage restraint outﬁt or lingeria and wants you to
take your time, tenderly, admiring her body, making her feel amazing,
and slowly caressing her whole body, showing her to mirror, as you kiss
her earlobe, neck, and saying..
“Look, see in the mirror, how beautiful you are. You’re gorgeous baby, in
mind, body and spirit. Look at your curves, your breasts, your legs, and
your ass, and see the face, so gorgeous, breautiful.”
As you caress, kiss, massage her shoulders, and as you slowly strip her
down or she does. It’s 30 mins or more foreplay, all to make her feel
special, adored, and all to pleasure her and turn her on to such she will
go crazy with you, riding you, blow jobs and whatever you’re both into.

8. It can be…
Teasing her with ice cubes, creating a path on her body, breasts, nipples,
down down through her belly, to her thighs, and circuling her pussy, to
hear her groan, whimper, and scream with pleasure as you penetrate her
with the ice cube while you suck her pussy at the same time.
You can use feathers.
9. It can be taking the pearl necklace of her of neck and using it to stimulate
her pussy, and yes, there is a technique for this.
10. It can be her walking to you and handing her knickers like a good little
girl, and you give her an ass plug to wear, and walk out together to
resturants, or whereve, and when in lift, you stroke the ass plug for her to
feel the sensation (one of the ways to creating sexual tension before sex)
11. It can face fucked
12. It can be creampie on her body, ass, pussy, face.
13. It can be fucked in ass while she uses vibrator
14. It can be her being tied up, gagged, and she is restrained..
As you tie a large vibrator to her pussy, and let it run as you sit and
watch, as you have your ﬂogging gear or paddle in your hand, sitting
down, relaxing, and seeing her cum again and again, her body sweating,
and she is twisting and turning her body, seeing her eyes roll again and
again when she orgasms again.
15. It can be just licking and sucking her clit
16. It can be licking while ﬁngering her
17. It can be pulling her hair back and calling her a bitch, a slut, a whore, as
you fuck her doggy style and other positions.
18. It can be using food to eat her out, licking all her body and down to her
pussy and ass.
19. It can be biting her nipples
20. It can be biting all her body as you fuck her and sink your teeth into her
back, as she creates knots on bedsheet as she groans, whimpers.
I can list many things what can give maximum pleasure and what I have done but
it would be of no use.
Every woman is diﬀerent and it is for you to know how to make her comfortable,
have the knowledge and skill, to communicate with her for her to share all her
desires and what it is that gives her…maximum pleasure.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible for a woman to become a neurosurgeon?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ask the right questions.
“I want to be a Neurosurgen, what do I need to become one?”
“Where can I ﬁnd knowledge of the path to follow?”
“What’s the qualiﬁcations, criteria, the path.”
“Where’s the community to learn more about what to do?”
“Can someone sign post me to colleges, courses, pathway to become a
neurosurgeon,”

Rather than
“Is it possible for a girl to become a neurosurgeon.”
Because the question you’re asking has nothing to do with women but your own
lack of self belief.
I didn’t ask for anything I wanted to do..
“is there any men who did this and that?”
I asked “What do I need to learn to become xyz and where do I look for
knowledge, skills, and path way to become one?”
I then turned every rock to know.
Because I believed in myself. I didn’t care if a man didn’t do it before me or a
woman didn’t do it before me. Or if they did do it before me.
I went and did it without needing that proof.
If someone said “No there isn’t,” what would you have done?
So ask yourself why are you asking this question. Where did this lack of belief in
yourself come from?
Why are you not asking questions to help you move 10 steps forward?
You need to take care of it because it can self sabotage you later on. Ask the right
questions that propel you forward towards practical answers.
Edit..
I’d ask my friends as some are neurosurgeons, but your questions doesn’t allow
me to ask them speciﬁc questions that can help you.
Take a look on quora to see if any neurosurgeons male or women, it doesn’t
matter what gender. They can direct you to a path and give you valuable
information to move forward.
For history on women
Women In Neurosurgery (WINS)
Start reading books
Neurosurgey: Books
Neurosurgen Communities
http://neurosurgic.com/
7 Views · View Upvoters

How long do you last while having sex excluding the foreplay?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Without foreplay = One hour.
I can go longer. That’s due to some excercises I learnt to do. One of those exercises
I do daily is Kegel..

The other is diet and massages. Diet is very important and I ﬁnd this is one of the
things most men miss as well as excercising.
But yes, I can go for one hour and what helps as well is changing diﬀerent
positions.

It usually goes like this..
1. Kissing, caressing, laughing, fun = 15 mins. Sometimes more.
2. Foreplay such as sucking, licking, ﬁngering, using toys, and bondage
multiple orgasms = 30 mins and sometimes even longer. Depends on the
woman.
3. Then fucking penetration = 1 hour.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is being ﬂexible great for sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it can be incredible for sex..
1. I once has sex with a woman who can do the splits and that’s what we did
for sex. She’d be on settee in split position, and I fucked her in ass, and
love how the back arches and ass is out and up.
2. You can do the plow position, where she is laying on back and legs
pushed back. We go further, where her legs behind her head, and I am
riding on top.
3. There’s the bridge. She lies down on her back and then using both her
legs and arms for strength, pushes her up until her arms are straight. She
now is arched like a bridge with her legs a little for penetration.
4. Splits on top. She does upright version of missionary with a split. Like
she’s doing lunges in a gym ;)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do many guys tell me "you are a wife material” but they
don't date me. Is that a kind way to say you are not attractive?
What is "wife material" in your eyes?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy says..
1. You’re like a bro
2. You’re one of us bros now
3. You’re wife material
You have been friendzoned completely, and they will not date you.
Reason being, of your behaviour, you don’t ﬂirt, or you send vibes that tells a guy
you make sex like some holy grail, that you are not willing to date and have sex,
that you will dangle sex like a carrot, that you project always this relationship
soul mate idea in your behaviour, and so when you’re with guys…you don’t
behave like you desire them.
Has nothing to do with virgin.
It’s you projecting the vibe and how you behave. You behave platonic with guys,
you don’t have in a manner to show sexual and romantic interest at all, and spend
way too much time with guys, like some pal, like a bro, like a girl waiting for some
prince to ride from the sunset for…marriage.
And that…I’d run a mile away from tha vibe, not bother with dating such woman
or friendzone her hard and fast, no matter if someone believes friendzone doesn’t
exist.

I’d just treat you like some bro, a pal and nothing else.
So not scared.
Just can’t be assed with the drama regarding sex and all that “ooooh no sex before
marriage,” kind of thing or knowing you’ll frame it into a relationship, and get all
serious before we even had dated, had sex, and go on and on, withholding like
virginity is some trophy.
No thanks and that’s what these guys probably thinking too.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend and I are on a break at the moment. Is it ok for me
to date another man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You called him “My Boyfriend.”
So you haven’t broken up and made that clear that you have now broken up, and
he is not your boyfriend and you are not his girlfriend.
You need to establish what “break” means, and have a conversation with him,
and come to an agreement, that in this break, you can go and date other guys, and
see what he says regarding that, so he knows, has a choice, and can say ok or not,
or move on.
Honesty is best policy.
So talk with him, have an open conversation because there are things as
boundaries, and that’s what you’re on about.
Know the boundaries and you won’t know if you don’t communicate together,
and come to an understanding.
That’s called maturity.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I’m tired of having sex daily with my boyfriend. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah but what if…
1. He didn’t have sex as in bang bang, and you came home and he got wine,
food on table, and candle lit.
2. Then you heard the music in the background, and he took your jacket oﬀ
and asked how was your day, and you talked and talked and he listened,
as he..
3. “OMG!” began kissing your neck, your earlobes, your shoulders, and took
your hand and danced with you.
4. And when done, her pulled out the seat and poured you a drink, and his
too, and you began to eat and drink and talk.
5. When you had your ﬁll, he got up and massaged your shoulders, and
kissing them, stroked your cheeks, said how you so fucking sexy,
beautiful, and adds why he feels so, and shares about your personality,
characters, and the way you wriggle your nose when upset, and those
clumsy things you do, as you crack up laugh.
6. And no sex tonight, just sleep as you cuddle.

Sometimes, variety, not sex everyday and more on tenderness, touch, caressing,
talking, pleasuring you and you pleasuring him as well.
Works both ways.
So be creative because it doesn’t have to be pounding thrusting sex everyday. It
starts by….communicating to your boyfriend and it can be part of creating sexual
tension, be fun, exciting, with role plays, going out together, like you don’t know
each other, meeting again like strangers, and he approaches you, ﬂirts, like you
just met.
Many things you can do and suggest but it all starts with communication.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl wants to live with you without any relationship other
than friendship, what does it mean? How should I respond?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means she knows you got her on a pedestal, you spent way too much time with
her and behaved in a manner she cannot see you as guy to ever date and have sex
with. However, she can use your resources.
So you need to correct your behaviour and one of them is…forget looking what it
means and move on approaching other girls.
I had that years ago, when I was 18 years old. I had my own home, one bedroom,
living room etc. I was in college…
Girl - I’m not looking for relationship at moment
Me - Awesome. Right, cya.
Girl - Wait. I was erm thinking, we can be friends
Me - Friends?
Girl - And you know maybe stay at your place?
Me - Sure, and you can have my bed and I sleep on settee
Girl - Aww, how sweet!
Me - And I’ll cook you breakfast every morning
Girl - I’d love that
Me - And I’d buy food everyweek and you can just help yourself
Girl - You’re so…amazing
Me - And I’ll even make sure water is warm, massage your feet
Girl - I’d love that!
Me - Yeah?
Girl - Yes! You’re so sweet
Me - Dream on.
Walked oﬀ.
The story didn’t stop there.
I moved on fast and was approaching other girls.
After two month, seeing me approaching girls, having fun…her friend
approaches, saying the girl who wanted to just be friends and stay at my places,
likes me a lot blah blah blah
Me - I want it to hear from her
Her - You can…you know, ask her out
Me - No. I want her to ask me out
A week later, when I am walking home she is waiting at gates..

Her - I was thnking, erm, like to go out sometime?
Me - Not as friends
Her - No, I mean, you know
Me - Say it (yes being an asshole)
Her - You know, a date
Me - Then kiss me now
Her - Now?
Me - Yes (leaning on gate) Come here (take her hand and pull her in and squeeze
her ass and we kiss)
Later met in evening and went to my place, and had sex.
Funny how when girls see you don’t give a shit, and not be this nice guy, kissing
their asses, and you move on, dating other girls, they suddenly change.
Start seeing you in a diﬀerent light.
If I was you, forget “what it means.”
Move on and reserve your energy to doing productive work, like approaching
other girls.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are some interesting conversation starters for girls to use
on shy guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You - Hey, I wanted to ask you something
Guy - Erm, yeah?
You - Have you ever seen someone and you just got to say hi but you just seem to
over think things, and wondering how to start an interesting conversation,
because you…don’t…want…to…scare the…shy…person away?
Guy - Oh YEAH, I know how you feel
You - I thought so, because you look damn conﬁdent for a shy guy. I’m right huh?
Guy - Yeah, of course, I’m not shy
You - Awesome, cause shy guys make it really diﬃcult but you make it so
awesome, easy to talk to
Guy - I do?
You - (step back) In fact, I knew it when I saw you. You got something about you
Guy - I have?
You - Yeah, you got this cool vibe about you. What you’re studying?
Guy - Science
You - I knew it! Moment I saw you, I said this guy is smart not like most guys
Guy - Oh, haha. Thanks. You’re alright yourself
You - (wink) Listen, I got to go to class but hey, like to chat anothert time?
Guy - Yeah sure.
I always use problems as the solution.
Next time you wonder..
“How do I..?”
Go to person you want to “how do I..” and ask them because your problem isn’t
new. They would have probably gone through your problem anyway or know
someone who has.
Also, you’re bringing a positive vibe and bigging up their self esteem a bit.
10.9k Views · View Upvoters

A guy told me that it's wrong for a girl to have a lot of male
friends. I'm a very social character. Is it wrong to hang out with
guy friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, very wrong. Must be wrong because some guy said it.
Now, how about I introduce you to all my male friends. Lots of them. I have an
army of them. I got guys who are strippers, dances, musicians, doctors, oh yes,
you’ll love these guys…website developers, backend developers, stunt men, ﬁlm
producers and I got one guy who collects whole heap of shit and makes it into a
master piece art.
I can’t ﬁgure out for the life of me what he creates but it sells.
So…
Let’s party.
Have a massive party, and I’ll invite tons of women too and then…invite that guy
you are talking about, and he will walk in and you can introduce him to the
massive crowd of guys by saying.
“Let me introduce to you these guys…all MY FRIENDS.”
Then leave him to it and go and have fun drinking, dancing, and all that.
You feel me?
Live your life, forget what someone says you can’t do.
You’re going to have all sorts saying you can’t wear this, can’t walk this way, can’t
fuck this way, that way, can’t do oral, can’t work at this shop, can’t date guy
younger or older, and on and on and on it goes.
There will always be someone saying what you can’t do or achieve.
You just ﬁgure out…who the earth you are and live your life.
Called ‘being self aware.’
As saying goes..
“If all you care about is what others think of you, you won’t have room for
your own opinion about yourself.”
200 Views · View Upvoters

Is the way to a man's heart through his penis? I’ve been told
that if a woman is good at sex, submissive, and willing to do
virtually anything, a man will fall in love with her. Is this true?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t speak for all men but I can speak for this man.
The answer for me, personally is… no.
Now wait a minute before you go oﬀ thinking it’s no and that’s it.
There’s more to this.
Yes, sex is very important to me. It’s right at the top. That’s right. Right at the top.
No sex, no date, no sex, no relationship, no sex, bye.
Even a hint, a squeak, a tiny whimper from a woman about sex in a negative way,
and we are done. I make sure to ﬁnd compatibility right from the start.

It doesn’t matter if a woman is inexperienced. I got the experience. If she is
willing to grow, learn, experience then awesome.
They know I have no problems talking about sex and sure, I talk about other
things, but I am a sexual man, sex….love it, and it’s huge part of my lifestyle, in
arts, music, writing, and everything else. I can’t just go and pretend and hide it,
just so a woman doesn’t judge me.
Meh, I’m not that type of man.
Compatibility….I like women who are submissive, yes, I love a woman who is
going to be very submissive, awesome, and willing to experience all with me,
fanastic. Yes, I love a woman into all kinds of sexy kinky ways, from eating her
out, pounding her ass, to tighed up with handcuﬀs, seeing her wear bondage sexy
gear, ass plugs. spanking, messy sex and wetness, sweat all kinds of sweet pain
and pleasure sexual experiences.
I love a woman who is down right hardcore, bad girl, Mmm, love it. Not into
nice..nice girls, who “Oooh my god, sex..”
Can’t be assed with it personally. Not my thing.
I love to lead, and sometimes lovers will do so. I am dominate, from lots of
foreplay, I enjoy pleasuring a woman, seeing and feeling her buck her body when
she orgasms and squirt, so wet to ﬂood the bedsheets, sweat and… orgasm before
any penetration,,
Yes, whipped cream, ice cubes stoking her body and pussy, syrup and candle wax
on her body, to feathers and even those brushes women use for cheeks as she’s
tied up to stroke her hypersensitive body and skin….to rough sex, pinning her to
the wall, slapping her ass, thrusting, pounding, hearing woman whimper, cry,
scream out of pleasure.
To light bondage light or extreme and yet makes her feel comfortable too, and see
her body go into spasms as she orgasms again and again, and over again.
Each lover will have diﬀerent boundaries.
Some want extreme, some want light, some don’t want bondage at all…awesome.
I’m down with that too. All are bisexuals and love to eat, have sex, and ride
women too, and love threesome, sometimes foursome, and more. FFFFM.
Compatibility, that we have similar attitude.
Our values are similar and yes, some will be diﬀerent but doesn’t
create much conﬂict and rather celebrating them
We believe in a process
|We are willing to work towards each other’s happiness
We are down right honest from day one on what we want from each
other
Hell, we even have our own bucket list of what we want to do, before we meet,
while some are oooh…ahhhh….and wondering when to kiss, and we got all that
covered, long before we ever met.
The moment we meet, we are like crashing waves, kissing each other and arms all
over each other.
None of this…
“Can I kiss you.”
“Erm, can I…touch you?”
“Can I have sex with you?”

I live and so lovers I am with on a diﬀerent realm and none of these bullshit exist
in our world. They want a man, a dominant man, a Masculine man, a man who
knows what he wants and knows…how…to..get what he wants in a fun…
comfortable…safe…secure manner…and…arouse a woman so much…her pussy is
wet, her legs are quivering, and she is saying to me, out loud..
“I want you right now, so bad, to fuck me in ass, and do all the things you said you’d
do to me. Please, for the love of god, come and meet me right now.”,
Compatibilty….she doesn’t follow much of the social norms and dating fallacies
and relationships models, to jelousy and possessiveness. Instead we work
together to make our fantasies and all we desire…a….reality.
Dating is not like going to resturant to decide if…we…are…attracted to each
other. We meet because we know we are atttracted to each other sexually and
romantically.
Compatibility in that she leads her life, doesn’t really follow crowd and wanting
to learn to blaze her own path. She has a passion, she has a life, goals, dreams,
aspiration long before she met me.
She may want to learn from me as a lover, on knowledge I have and I will pour the
knowledge, if a woman empties her cup and gives time for me to grow to know
her deeply, then no problem.
I want to enrich my lovers, in all ways I can including knowledge and how to win
in life.
Without compatibility we can forget love happening in distant future.
I take care of this ﬁrst because I care.
I don’t want to mess a woman time, eﬀort and mind by pretending to be someone
I’m not. I let her know where I stand and if I say I will meet, ﬂy, whatever I say….I
mean every word of it.
I get this ﬁrst sorted because love is not enough. Love needs help and so I aim to
give all the help it needs from day one.
I have to be attracted to the woman physically, emotionally and psychologically,
and I am with my lovers.
But that’s only one part.
There is also…
1. Aﬀectionate
2. Compassionate
3. Kind
4. Loving
5. Lots of physical touch, tenderness.
6. Admiring
7. Respecting
8. Intune to my feelings in not playing with them. No games.
9. There is personality. A woman can love sex, desires it. lustful for it and
be shy, seems awkward, but only to the right man, she will be herself.
Then there’s personality who is wild and open to express as I do and I
mean even more than me, and I love it as well.
Then there is the quiet, and yet even without responding….they feel the

ﬁre and here and there…open up. I love this personality too. All are
wonderful, amazing in their own way but all are high sexuals and have
no problem about sex, kinky sex, submissive, rough sex, and so on,
within the boundaries I ensure I respect and they respect mine.
10. There is also her values in which makes me grow closer to her. She loves
natures. Loves music. Loves to dance. Loves science or whatever. My
lovers have a passion for something and care about it a lot.
11. I can go on…and on.
My lover sent me a video, of something I said. I talked about plants, about the
environment, how they play an important role to our survival and other species. I
did some sketches of them…

She did a video with her in it, showing her passion on my interest. She listened,
she heard, she excitedingly did a video, edited it, banged some music and sent it
on Whatsapp.
I saw her personality and I cherished what she shared with me.
That impacts me in a deep way for my lover.
Another lover is connecting with me with her life, with her dancing, with her
passion, and what she learnt. And how she feels about me. Leading, giving dates
for meeting. That impacts me deep as well.
Another lover knows I am so loving sex, that she braved herself, took all her
clothes oﬀ, slammed camera on, and smiled, and masturabted, until she orgasms,
squirted, and did again and again, edited it, and sent me the video on Whatsapp.
This impacts me deeper as well for her.
Her courage, her trusting me, her saying to me…”I trust you,” and she can. She
turned on me so good but also, she did something that was scary for her, she
trusted me, and that meant a great deal to me.
As you can see..
For some men it will be diﬀerent but I’m speaking personally, as I cannot speak
for other men. Submissive in bed, yes but then she needs to also have her own
life, has passion, goals and aspirations, and has her own opinion.
When I am attracted to a woman, though the expectations is not there, I am very
careful to ensure I am very attracted to her because if we do fall in love, I have
sorted out the ﬁrst puzzle most never do because they think…with…their dick or
fairytales.
I fall in love with a woman who sees me, beyond most ever will.
Some see asshole.
Some see player but my lovers saw me for real, they took the time to connect, they
didn’t test me, they didn’t judge, they didn’t do all what most women do.
They didn’t take themselves so seriously, they didn’t project past negative
experiences, they were willing to know the man without prejudgement.
That is why they are special to me and other women are not.
That also impacts my feelings as well.
They had the knowledge, insight, understanding, and knew exactly what was
going on when we connected. They had empathy, admiration, they brought joy,
they brought excitement than judging.

These vibes and values impacts my feelings too for my feeling to grow.
They weren’t full of drama AND….didn’t bullshit me with mind games, play hard
to get and didn’t make sex a big deal but rather an experience they desire with me
and open about it as I am.
They seriously wanted to…know…me.
They didn’t ask for advice like most women do when they connected.
They didn’t play some gimmick test.
They were sincere in wanting to know me.
Sex on ﬁrst date and even when we met immediately due to conversation on text
and phone, and then we visit resturants not like most do. That showed trust for
me and it revealed similar in mindset.
That impacts my feelings towards the woman.
We talk about it, while most don’t. We discussed about what most don’t.
We revealed our intent from day one while most don’t.
That also will impact how I feel about her later on in the future. Slowly, tiny steps,
something is growing inside of me.
Challenges come, but we stand strong, while others make these as an excuse for
what cannot happen and isn’t going to happen, and why it won’t happen.
Again, this impacts in a positive way.
I haven’t yet included the trust in ways a woman communicates, revealing herself
completely to the man.
For example, the more a woman reveals her nakedness to me, in feelings,
vulnerability, in thoughts, in her opinions, her passion, her desires, with her
body, and in all the ways she knows I desire, it again impacts for my feelings to
grow closer to her.
I haven’t included how she treats a man when he meets her within her and his
environment.
All this comes together but you can never be…sure…which ONE thing that got the
man to fall in love because….it’s not just one thing.
A woman is not just body, but mind, and then feelings, emotions, experiences,
and touch, tenderness, words, voice, memories and so much more a man
experiences with her as she with him.
As you can see, it is not this one thing alone.
It’s not just sex even though sex is important to me.
It is other factors.
It is development of feelings, experiences, insights, embracing an attitude, a
process, and I evaluate from day one the moment a woman has connected with
me. It grows gradual with diﬀerent things happening, and all these things make it
grow into what call love.
To say, “it is this one thing,” is very diﬃcult.
Maybe ask a man 20 years later but even then, he will be with a diﬀerent woman
and she will have diﬀerent values, and so on.
So I take care of the following..

1. Physical attractiveness.
2. Compatibility
3. Then love.
Not the other way round.
As you can see lots of things and each man is diﬀerent.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lauren Cherpion

What are you the most grateful for?
Adam Taha, Grateful for the simplest things in life
Answered Mar 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“What you don’t learn to grow through, you will go through it again and
again.”
I learnt a valuable lesson early on in life. It would be the edge that would propel
this average looking guy to do what he desires to achieve.
I discovered at an early age, as a teen, people love the comfort zone. That most
people, majority, fear changes, fear the unknown, fear facing rejections, fear the
no’s, fear the discomfort but I also did too.
But….when I learnt this lesson and how this is one of the biggest reasons in why
most people do not achieve what they desire, I had one massive grin on my face
that day and from then on.
I picked up this lesson to grow through it and in growing through many obstacles,
to latter see obstacles were gems, wisdom, knowledge beyond my wildest dreams.
Ever since I walked on this path….I saw how it is less crowded and it is getting
even less as time goes by. I see more people quit, more people complain, more
people bitch all day long about how hard life is, women, men, assholes, players,
blah blah…and waiting for presidents, prime ministers, god, some healer, some
leader, and all the rest to give them a way out, and make…it…easier.
So I take risks. I show vulnerability. I am willing to take a no, a thousand times
and more, and even moreso now, than ever before due to the real life examples in
my life. I have always been willing to say what most men are terirﬁed to say to
women, and alwats, always get so much more than most men would.
Edit I have received messaged to explain some more to clarify…
I believed, as an example, if you fear rejection, and you don’t go and just do it
again and again, then you will never grow. You will never learn. It will always be a
thorn in your life and a lesson you never pick up. You will continue to just watch
porn, masturbate, be an observe to life and fantasize instead of living the life you
want.
If you’re a woman, and you know what you’re doing isn’t working with attracting
men, and keep doing the hints, signals, being passive-aggressive, then you will
not grow. You will go through it again and again until you realise it’s time to just
do what most won’t do and forget worrying what others think of you.
If you don’t learn to overcome your shyness or whatever you’re going through to
communicate, engage, learn to get past that stage where you’re in the comfort
zone many a times, you will always be in that same place and always like a broken
record say you’re this and that, and let it deﬁne you and your life.
If you got habits that gets in the way of your success, whether it is studying, doing
the work…the task…on a timely fashion than procrastinating then you will not

grow through it. You will ﬁnd this habut and so many more will dictate your life,
social life, ﬁnances and so much more.
That’s why I avoiding becoming passive aggressive.
I’m not the..“I believe it when I see it,”
Instead it has always been..
“I will believe in now, and create the opportunity.”
I don’t need to believe in anything but the good in humanity, the good in all
things is there in front of me. I know there’s a lot of good on this earth, no matter
what we see, what we hear and what mainstream media or anyone tells me.
I believe in humanity, period! No question, no doubt, no matter how dark, evil, or
wharever we see and experience. I will always believe in this powerful force.
Courage can take you far.
It is what you need when everything around you and even the experts and all rest
who try to tell you, it doesn’t work this way. When everything is telling you it just
won’t work and it just cannot happen and even when you look in the mirror.
But I see even in the dirt, in the shit, in the darkness of places that ﬂowers grow,
plants grow, life happens and that if man and woman can see it’s wisdom, and
stop being busy…being busy…they’ll see this is a sign of the greatness in us. That
when hard times comes, we got it us to be stronger to get up and grow through
whatever we need to go through.
Even when I approached women without knowledge years ago, I succeeded
because real status is behaviour.
But to be a master of one self, to know for certain, to go all the way with what I
wanted to achieve, I needed specialiized knowledge. To be able to pass the
knowledge on it needed structure, practical not motivational speeches that any
average guy, no matter of his looks or where he is can apply.
I learnt early enough that we to endure, to grow through it, to not make excuses of
ﬁnances. To never ask free from someone if I am unwilling to give free myself
that hurts, whether a skill or detailed important knowledge they need. Something
of great value in return, more than they give me.
I turned every rock I could and found it.
I grow and went through it to unravelled knowledge and took what slowed things
down out and applied for year.
The more I challenged myself in diﬀerent situations regarding dating and all
aspects of dating, I saw things I needed to improve and and applied again and
reﬁned for years… until I know it so, like the back of my hand.
By the time I was in my 20s, I was already achieving what I wanted in regards to
dating, and also my passion in life on other things.
It was due to stepping out of the comfort zone, stretching myself, going beyond
what most think you can’t do and apply, to test the shit out of what I am learning
to the max.
For me, it was never about women.
It was mastery of the self.
So I am grateful for having the understanding early on and embracing it with
thought, planning, organisation and action.

That the competitor is not another man or woman, but rather against myself. I
must grow through it now than later, or I will continue to go through it again and
again, until I either pick up that lesson or ﬁnd myself like most people…
stuck….helpless and none the wiser.
Their habits become their master.
Their fears become their master.
Their desire to be validated becomes their master.
Their hunger to be approved becomes their master.
The comfort zone becomes their master
And it all becomes strings, in which they themselves become the puppets of their
own demise, their own reality, where many situations and objects control them.
It’s never too late.
No matter how young or old one is, or where someone is in their life today. Just
take this wisdom and apply…
“What you don’t learn to grow through, you will go through it again and
again.”
Embrace the fear, see it as a sign of saying we got to grow through it and just do it.
Get help from someone but exchange with something of value they need. Have
self respect and don’t ask for free. It’s called Mutual Beneﬁt. Whether it is your
time or whatever.
Have self respect and pay your dues.
Be with people of positive mind.
Spend more time reading books, listening to valuable CDs, associate with learned
people and friends who have exciting attitude.
Keep your tongue in check at all cost, to avoid talking negative about yourself and
do not associate with those who do so with you. Take great care of your eyes, your
ears, what you say and who you associate with.
You put alarms on your goods, home, car, and all sorts but what about your own
brain? You’re going to fall down and stay there because of what someone says
about you?
You’re going to just believe what they said you cannot achieve or what you cannot
do, or what they think you haven’t achieved?
They are nobody if they don’t believe in you.
Get up because…
“What you don’t learn to grow through, you will go through it again and
again.”
Get the environment sorted, give your mind all the information it needs to get
you to step over the line of the comfort zone…and then run like your life depends
on it.
Never looking back. Eyes front.
We have so much than most people had 70 years ago.
In the end, I chose a road that can forge the man I needed to be and it would
never happen in a place called the easy way and the comfort zone.

I am grateful for understanding and embracing this lesson early on…
“What you don’t learn to grow through, you will go through it again and
again.”
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is a guy ever too busy to text you? If a guy says he likes you but
still never makes time for you is that normal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s normal, when a woman doesn’t show obvious intent, that she is into him
and want to fuck his brains out. Get it?
We all know most women like to beat around the bush, with hints and signals,
and sure, we know why.
“Ooh is he a player?”
“OOoh he might just want to use me?”
“OOoh he just wants sex.”
Reality…
Yes, we want sex, lustful for you, desiring you, because that’s what’s in our mind.
“OMG! Sexist.”
No. I am a man who isn’t apologising for what I want and desire, and isn’t
dancing on eggshells. Every other guy can kiss a woman’s ass and society, but I’m
not. I’m going to say what I desire and any don’t get with it, move on out of my
damn way and I’ll move on until…Oooh look. She gets it!
Worked ﬁne for me and it’s fast, no messing, no games, less frustrations.
Freedom!
This is the reason why one is being passive and hesitant.
Fear of being judged, of being too easy, slut, whore., manwhore, player blah blah
blah but if you let go of these labels, put middle ﬁnger up at them, and just go for
what you want in living in the moment, you would never, ever, need to wait for
someone else to control yes or no.
You can ﬁnd out in seconds by owning it right now.
Pick up phone and say “Hey, let’s go out because I like to ﬁnd out more about you,
and see how it goes but not as friends, not into that. Feel me? Great. How about
8pm, wednesday or thursday at (venue).
Say it in your own way but make it clear.
If you don’t…and guy is passive as well, then guess what?
You’re not the only woman on this planet and therefore, if you do that, you
seriously think a guy who has options, with all that’s out there is going to waste
his time texting some girl who doesn’t work it, to arouse him, show she’s
interested in him?
Maybe if he’s a chump, has no options, like most typical guys who has no clue,
fears rejections….he’d probably text you all time and he won’t know if you’re into
him or not but most guys, well, won’t bother.
Plus, other women can be conﬁdent and snap him up as well. I get tons of women
messaging me, tons. You won’t believe how waiting now for any girl and guy is a
bad idea.

If you don’t show interest, for real, don’t expect much from a guy and don’t
expect he’ll be around much either.
That’s the problem.
He isn’t sure about you and you are not showing any vulnerability and expect a
guy to do all the work. So if you’re being like most women, doing all these hints,
being passive, well, this is the result of it.
You can move on by being direct in a ﬂirt sexy way and ask the guy out, ﬂirt, do
whatever and if he says no, great. You can now move forward.
Takes 5 mins.
Which you prefer?
5 minutes you know where you stand or weeks and months of uncertainty,
frustrations?
Your choice.
28.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you respond to the phrase “nobody likes you”?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Mar 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The girl worried her friend is leaving with me..
Girl - No one likes you
Me - No. I don’t want to have sex with you
Girl - I didn’t say that! I said..
Me - I know, I am irressitible, gets you all moody, it’s ok. I will take a rain check
Girl - WTF!
Me - No, I don’t want..to..fuck you. Especially not you.
Walk oﬀ…smiling…with her friend…to talk together alone.

White Knight at night club worried the girls losing interest in him…
Guy - No one likes you
Me - No mate, I am not gay. Not interested. Go and masturbate.
Guy - WTF. I said..
Me - Look mate, I am not into dicks. Lay oﬀ the neg compliments
Guy - I wasn’t negging! I said…
Me - Even these girls here know you’re gay. Haven’t even made a move on them.
Look at them, gorgeous and you talking a load of shit! Boring isn’t he girls
Girls (Giggling)
Guy - I AM NOT GAY
Me - If you are not, then stop saying GAY..GAY…GAY!
Guy - WHAT ARE YOU ON ABOUT?
Me - Come on girls, let’s get a drink..
Walks oﬀ…with girls to get drinks.

Her friend is…jealous her girl-friend getting all the attention…
Girl - No one likes you
Me - (leans forward, looking at their face, like puzzled look)
Girl - What?
Me - Awwwww. You got a crush on me. Fuck sake. You can’t do that to your friend!

Girl - No, I didn’t mean that
Me - You’re blushing. Stop that. I’m into your friend not…you.
Girl - I so hate you
Me - Love in the air but….I’m digging your friend, not you, so Sssssh!
Continue talking to her friend and met two days later…without her friend.
In other words..
Prove nothing and have fun in doing the most outrageous they will never do.
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl calls you sweet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means…
1. You spend way too much time with her when she isn’t your girlfriend
2. You are attracted to her but looking for hints, signals, meanings
3. You fear rejection and waiting for some right time, where angels appear
to say, “YES! TODAY IS THE DAY! ASK HER OUT AND SHE WILL SAY
YES!”
4. You are worried and trying to make everything so right, right time, right
words, making your world predictable and safe, and hiding your
vulnerability. Never really making the move, probably never will.
5. You’re not busy approaching lots of girls and so focused on “the one,”
when there isn’t the “one.” Living on hope, that Thor or some God from
heaven above, gets her to say “I so want you baby right now, let’s go out
and date as lovers!”
6. You’re probably at school, doing all these “crushing” stuﬀ.
7. You’re fantasizing about her a lot.
8. You’re always available for her whenever she wants your time or when
you see her
9. You’re always being this nice guy with her and worried what she might
think of you and desperately hoping she sees you as….attractive to date.
10. You are attracted to her but you don’t make a move. Fears rejection.
11. You are seen as…a…nice guy but that’s really it.
12. Sweet just as a friend….
13. Ready and ripe to be categorised as a….friend
;)
15.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls ﬁnd guys that are really good at chess attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m brilliant at chess. Not competition for world kind of things but good at it to
play and win a lot. I am also great at writing songs, producing music, singing,
painting erotic nude paintings, sex paintings, writing, poetry and can make
words up right now and ﬂow with poetry on any subject.
I can dance, bit crazy at times because I lose it and go with the music but women
love it, and I can do many other things like playing the guitar. Not masterfully but
enough to learn a song and after a week I can play it blindfold.

I can stand on stage in front of 10,000 and more and not feel intimidated and
speak about all kinds of things like dating, psychology regarding dating, and
many other subjects and without….notes.
Give me a car, and I can drive like a rally driver, which is why I lost my license,
years back and waiting now for another 5 years. My life is wild, I like to take risks
and adventurous.
I was racing in those private races, against others.
Far from big wide roads, hidden from everyone else with big crowds, and do it for
money.
I can do anything I put my mind too but…….
None of the above, ever attracted girls to me.
It got attention but attention is far diﬀerent from attraction. Even if a girl is, what
then? If you can’t even transition, build up, connect then what?
So what really did it and still does it?
It’s how you make a girl feel.
How you make her heart race.
It’s how do you use what you know, to arouse, to make a connection, and that
takes knowledge, a specialized skill and lots fo experience of a diﬀerent kind.
I can for example sit down with a chess game and I can talk without moving
anything on board, and give me 2 minutes and the girl’s pussy will be wet.
You’re over thinking too much.
You are asking like so many guys, the wrong questions, time and time again.
The questions to ask are..
1. What do I..want…in…a…girl.
2. How do I make her feel XYZ
3. And connect all these feelings with…me
When you ask these, everything else, the clutter, junk, garbage, social norms, all
these distractions fade away and now you can focus on what really matters. The
feeling, the vibe, the sexual…appeal.
Being…sexy as hell and without much noise either.
In fact, you can be an amazing chess player, but if I am sitting near you and
there’s a girl, you are totally screwed mate.
Why?
I didn’t fall for the bullshit most girls sell to guys on how they like nice guy, chess
player guy, this guy, that guy, and he does this and that.
They say that to pimp up the impression of who they are to others, even on here,
on quora, but put a guy who knows, they will go for the opposite of what they said
and wrote.
I know, diﬃcult to believe but you’ll soon see that in future to come and you’ll
remember what I said here, years later.
If girls were really open, honest, in a sense they don’t fear being judged by other
girls, friends, relatives, social circle and yes, even the guys…judging them as
sluts, whores, too easy….

You will hear without a shadow of doubt, girls say…
“I like a guy who makes my heart pound.”
“I want to feel my heart race.”
“I want to FEEL butterﬂies in my stomach.”
“I want my head spinning and ﬁre in my belly.”
“I want to feel and imagine all the experience he can do to me, no guy can.”
“I want to feel my pussy throb, pulsating, and feel the…tingly feeling.”
“I want to feel like electric bolts and that amazing incredible rush shoot through my
entire body and feel it dancing on my spine, and lips.”
“I feel my legs quiver and I am at loss for words!”
Girls will say this is how they feel when they are attracted to a guy and deep into
him. It’s not logic but emotion, though there is some twist of a touch of logic
because one must also make decisions too to go for it.
You can be a master chess player but here’s what you need to know..
I had so many of these guys hate my guts. They called me asshole. They called me
player.
I would arrive with leather jacket, worn out cut Jeans, trainers or sometimes big
black shiny boots shoes and play.
They’d always win.
They’d mock, they’d look at me like they are better but they’d also be worried on
why was I grinning every time.
I mean, I lost to such I got kicked out of the game in beginning.
So why was I smiling?
Here’s why…
I wasn’t there to play chess.
I was there to play…living the good life and on my terms, my rules.
I was there to attract the girls with brains, the cute, with glasses who has a
wilderness inside her and these guys couldn’t see it. They couldn’t see all that
and so much more in these girls.
They saw only princesses, and I saw wild girls. They saw shy. I saw a girl so
wanting to be lead and open up but don’t know how and to whom.
So I’d lose on purpose.
This gave me so much time to sit with the girls, and do all I need to arouse her, to
capture her emotions and imaginations.
When the game was over, I walked with the girl.
So yes, in a way, chess did help but not in way you might think.
It helped to get the guys distracted with their egos while I focused on..well…how
can I say…more pressing matters ;)
You can be great at chess, but if you’re shit at social skills and knowing how to
connect psychologically, emotionally, with girls, you can be the best in world, and
it won’t mean a damn thing.
You want girls to be…..
Lustful, furiously lustful, their body tingle, legs quiver, their heart
pounding and racing just on the thought of wanting you…inside them?

Chess…doesn’t teach you that.
Nor does the education system either.
Nor does mummy and daddy.
Nor does social norms.
Nor do women.
If they all could, guys today won’t be asking..
“Do girls ﬁnd guys that are really good at chess attractive?”
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

If girls are wild are they less likley to get a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m a guy and here’s how I see it and hope you do too for your own life.
I don’t give a fuck, seriously, what girls thinks about if I am wild or whatever. I
don’t thnk what girls think if I am this or that.
I ask myself “what do I want in a girl,” and then work it to attract such a girl and I
always, always attract such girls I want. Wild. Rebel life. Sexy. Tender love but
wild, adventureous like me and isn’t following the crowd.
Now what about rest of the girls?
I don’t give a damn about them.
Why should I care what some girl who isn’t into men like me thinks?
I don’t.
What do I do?
Change for one girl, then another, then another?
Hell no.
I know what I want in a girl and I just work it to attract such girls. Done.
So avoid ask such questions.
Instead ask “what I want in a guy?,” then work it to attract such guys.
Billions of guys, and all got diﬀerent preferences.
What are you going to do?
Behave diﬀerently all time, lying to yourself, to kiss ass?
You want a guy who is into you, for who you are.
So forget “what guys are into.”
Instead “what am I looking for in a guy?”
They go where they are. Dress the way you are to attract them. Speak their
language and it be natural for you as you are behaving with your true self.
Then work it to attract what you are into or you are complicating things and you’ll
get hurt real good because you have a pattern, and trying to be some girl you’re
not…will backﬁre. You’re pattern will resurface and the guy now sees you for who
you are.
You make it real hard for guys who desire girls like you, to not see you.

Own it.
Own who you are and those who matter are the ones who see you and desire you,
and everyone else who don’t, don’t matter.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I’ve been told that I am too nice to girls, which is why I’m
single. As a nice guy, I’m tired of ﬁnishing last, so how do I be
mean to girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure. I can show you how to become an asshole. Why, I will even write bullet
points for you.
And I know exactly how because…I’m an asshole who attracts lots of women.
Hey, since I attract lots of young attractive women, have sex, relationships with
multiple women…I must be an asshole.
If that’s what is an asshole, a player, then I take these labels and stamp it on my
jacket…
“Asshole Alert.”
Let’s get started….
Being an Asshole…
1. Remove the Pedestal
If you see a woman you’re attracted to, walk right up to her, and let her
know. She is not above you or lower than you. She is not a princess either.
She’s ﬂesh and bones and no need to put her pretty ass on a pedestal.
Instantly approach and know how to do so, have knowledge how to do so,
have specialzed skilled on what to do next and next and next and so on.
2. Behave as a lover
Be playful, use humour, don’t be so serious. Forget the big picture. You
can date, have sex and she might ﬂy away to some other guy. Don’t raise
your expectations high in seeing some big picture. One step at..a..time.
3. Detach from the outcome
Don’t see every woman as the “one.” You approach without expectations
and without being dependant of the outcome. Rejections happen for a
reason. They are feedback in which life showing you who is to be in your
life and who isn’t.
People have free will, a choice, so why attach to the outcome.
Approach without expectations but be positive in yourself, conﬁdent in
yourself that it isn’t personal she says no. She already has a belief system
and you don’t know all the crap that can be in her mind and shallowness,
or her preference. It is there and was designed long before you even saw
her.
4. Learn to move on faster
If she rejects, smile, and walk away to approach someone else later on.
Avoid trying to impress and convince her. Avoid doing what most
inexperienced guys do and ask “what does it mean?” Move on, enough!
Move on.
a. Have options.
Listen. Women are not working on scarecity. They have plenty of men
approaching them. They don’t need to approach and if any man

doesn’t approach them, it’s not that they are “ugly,” because there are
billions of men on this planet with diﬀerent preferences and it is
because these women are unapproachable, send negative vibe or
useless at behaving in a manner to show to men they are
approachable.
No man wants to approach a woman who has a frown on her face, her
head on her phone, or she doesn’t smile or show interest.
Approach lots of women and you won’t get frustrated over one girl
who thinks she’s the only woman on planet earth.
Having lots of women you’re meeting as dates, prevents you being
needy, desperate and you’ll be far too busy wondering why one
woman is not showing interest, not responding to text or phone, and
if a woman gives hard time regarding sex and tries to fame it in a
certain way…you can smile and leave her standing where she is.
In fact, your phone should be like mine….buzzing every hour with
women texting, wanting to see you, wanting to ride you, wanting to
experience with you and believe me it can happen that way for you if
you follow these steps but know how to do these steps.
Just because I outline these steps like this, doesn’t mean it doesn’t
need knowledge, specialised skill and a helluva lot of experience.
You will need to do it and invest, and learn, correct your behaviour,
improve. Life is about listening to the corrections, the feedback and
for you to ﬁgure out the lesson and improve and not whine and bitch,
and claim it has to be you needing to be an asshole.
No, you have no clue, you are not even knowledgeable about women
or have all the specialized skills.
You are like a soldier walking into a battleﬁeld with bow and arrow
against tanks, grenades, ﬁghter planes and wonder why you are
frustrated, can’t move forward and just eating dirt.
5. Avoid supplicating to a woman.
Avoid try to impress and take a woman to resturant, movies, if she hasn’t
shown interest, real interest…like she told you already she wants to ride
your dick and fuck you all night, and yes, I do get these type of words
from women, by text, by phone, by handing me their nickers.
You won’t believe the fun I have and women have.
We raise our middle ﬁnger at social norms and ways people do all this
nonsense stuﬀ with dating.
The fun has gone but I put the fun and exciting, daring back into it and
women love it and some don’t and those who don’t I don’t give a damn
about anyway. They are forgotten, not even a thought about them. They
are not special or important to me. Gone, pﬀﬀ, out of my mind.
6. Behave in a manner that shows intent
It’s a skill. You will never grow, learn, understand, that all is possible if
you stay in the comfort zone because you worry what woman might say.
When you approach - the begining is very important.

Always behave as a lover and diﬀerentiate yourself from every other guy.
She’s already experienced the passive, boring, safe option guy.
If it is a yes then text like a lover not a friend.
Be sexual, in a indirect way, using role playing, fun, wit.
And if any women here says “OOooh I’d never have a man do that,” good.
You don’t get it do you ladies?
That is what it’s meant to be…to screen any woman who thinks like that.
You are one woman when there are billions who desire diﬀerent man
than you.
You’ll be screened out, ﬁltred and left alone.
That’s the idea!
Flirting is fun, it is also a way to see if you get it and interested in guy. It’s
called framing. Ensuring you understand the message. That this is about
sexial and romantic not friend, platonic etc.
With Texting you approach the same.
This is not family aﬀair episode, it’s a guy texting to arouse, to ﬂirt, to get
a woman’s pussy throbbing and pussy wet and if a woman cannot
understand that, great.
She’s deleted, screened out, and we move on. It’s not about looking for
every woman but women we desire. Plenty of them in world with similar
mindset and values, desires etc.
If a woman says “Oooh it’s a number game.”
What do you know about number game?
You don’t even approach.
You cannot speak to a man like you speak to a woman. Our world is
diﬀerent to yours. You don’t approach many men. We approach many
women and do not have time waiting for you to make your mind up and
second, a woman can say no, and so we have to approach many to get a
yes than wait for you to get with it.
Some cannot even say “no.” Being all subtle and so again, we move on
approaching women.
7. Lead to phone if local
Be sexual love, be fun, playful, ﬂirt but also share get to know her more,
and reply in a storytelling fun way about yourself too. No negativity. If
she becomes negative, ﬂip it and keep it up beat.
Behave as a lover. Be empathatic but be careful in avoid building lots of
comfort to ﬁnd you behave as a…brother….a…friend.
8. Intensify
While phone and text, you build it up, intensify the desire, revealing
what can happen, role play, make it fun, get her to say what she desires.

For her to open up sexually will need you to ﬁrst be brave. You need to
lead and show it ﬁrst 99% of the time because she will worry if you will
judge her. I embrace in taking this burden away and lead and escalate the
shit out of it all and see where the chips fall.
Use words to create pictures in her mind of the experience, the
adventure. Use gif images, fun images, sexual gif images. Increase the
sexual tension so when you meet it be explosive!
You do not want to meet women without doing this because you want to
make sure, you’re not like most guys who behave like chumps,
uneducated and unlearned in these ways to listen to old worn out men
who say..
“Ask permission for a kiss.”
“Ask permission for sex.”
This is my consent here….
“When I meet you Adam, I am so going to kiss you everywhere, and wrap
my arms around you, and I want to feel you inside me, ride me all night
long, eat me out, sink your teeth in me as you ride me. I want to lick and
suck your cock and slurp, making you grunt like a lion! I want all you said
is going to happen. OMG! I have never felt this way with other guys, this is
so exciting and I am so glad I can be myself with you, and know I can
experience all I want without fear of being judged. I got to meet you!”
That’s my constent.
I get this from every women before I meet face to face. Sometimes we
have sex before we go to the resturant.
And just for the record….I do love relationships but a relationship is not
something you get. You build it, you develop it, you nurture it and I focus
always ﬁrst on the adventure, the excitement, the fun and romance that
makes a woman feel amazing.
If relationship is what women want and knowing I date multiple women,
so be it because…I dont date women but lovers.
I am already attracted to these women, or I won’t bother meeting them. I
do what so many men and women do not do in the begining because
they follow some old age acient dating advice packed with social norms,
and all of it is done out of fear of rejection, seeking validation than
making a…connection.
If a man doesn’t know how to do that, well, I don’t know who you’re
learning from and where you got your advice from and no wonder so
many men supplicating to women and getting nowhere.
Any woman unwilling to ﬂow with it, being honest from day one with her
sexuality, her desires, her intent and on what they desire from me as I am
honest to them….is screened out.
There is no point us meeting and continuing the conversation.
9. No more blaming women, assholes. Improve.
Life brings us feedback. I call them ‘corrections.’ If you don’t ﬁgure it out

yet, if you don’t be brave, then what you are going through, you will go
through again and again, and again until you either learn and improve or
stay put where you are for the rest of your life like some victim.
It is a cop out when men and women blame others.
Easy to do. Anyone can do it.
Are you anyone?
Ok then, stop behaving like a victim and listen to life, see what the
corrections are and correct them, improve. Listen to the feedback of life
not women, not anyone else but life.
10. Build your resources and your lifestyle.
Women should never be the centre of your attention. You’re life should
be. You’re goals and whatever you want to build in life.
Be busy with your own purpose, passion, interest and build your world.
Meet many people, go out, mingle, socialise, create your options so wide
you’re not bothered if 10 women say no, as you have many who say yes.
But also, you build a world she can see without you saying it.
Look man. Bills got to be paid and money plays a big part in your life.
Make sure you sort that out and build a world you feel is yours. One day,
you will have lovers in your life who will enjoy the world you built, who
can see you’re a man who got his shit together without…saying…a…word.
They’ll see your passion, people who know you, and so much more, and
that does help a great deal. I am far more excited about this, building my
world, than attracting women. I love women. Love sex but this here, is
the most amazing part of my life.
Make sure to never push your friends away, your passion, interest for a
woman. Never do that. Always build your resources. Always.
The Mean Part…
1. Don’t spend time with women talking, texting back and forth who are
not your lovers. They are a pain in ass. Too much drama and they will eat
your time up and not give a damn.
2. Don’t play safe, because you fear oﬀending a woman. Be direct with wit,
humour and lead to the goal…dating, sex etc or you’re wasting time
trying to behave like her brother or friend.
3. If a woman wants your time, and she is not someone you date and have
sex with, say no. You’re not into friends or being their emotional tampon.
4. If a woman friend does something you don’t like, don’t tolerate. Take her
to side, politely let her know the boundaries and if she persist, get her
out of your life. If she later in time, grows, and apologises sincerely…
show empathy. We all make mistakes and some who desire to grow, who
show sincere aﬀection and who realised what they did, are people you
really want to cherish because humility, kindness, compassion for those
who really sincere with you is gold.
Don’t hold it on them if they apologise with sincerity and don’t remind
them of what they did. Just make your boundaries clear and then just
move on.

5. Do not sit with women talking, talking, talking, doing all that bullshit
intellectual talk to impress. Pussy doesn’t throb and pulsate because you
know science, stock market. Don’t do these things to get a woman
attracted but rather you want to share value, nothing else. Use your time
wisely.
6. If a woman talks about ex boyfriend, about problems and she isn’t your
lover who you date and have sex with and relationship… tell her politely
you’re not her therapist and she needs to get one.
Set the boundaries there and then.
In fact set the boundaries clearly with anyone from day one without fear
of what they might think.
Girls at a young age learn how to manipulate, ﬂirt, use whatever they got
to get attention, to get what they want. They create drama or attention.
They do all these tricks to provoke a response.
They are not fragile, or princesses and you are no victim either so stop
behaving like one.
7. If you approached a woman and she says she doesn’t know, is busy to
date, is not ready for relationship….then smile, take it as a no and walk
away and never give her time again.
Get busy approaching many women, many and have options.
8. If a woman ﬂakes twice, never give her a third chance. It’s over and since
you got options, giving her a second chance is plenty.
9. If a woman says she wants to just be friends, it is because you spent way
too much time with these women, behaving platonic in hope to get
between their legs instead of showing intent from day one, to move on or
move forward.
10. If a woman wants to be friends then do not spend too much time with
her to ﬁnd you create feelings. Spend less time with her and control your
emotions. This is why having options out there works for you.
11. Avoid dating women from social circle. It avoids lots of drama and it’s
too close to home. That includes school, college, university, work,
friends. It’s too close to home and if you’re not emotionally strong it can
hit you. Also, to learn, grow, you want to stretch yourself out of your
comfort zone.
12. If a woman even gives you an opinion about you, you have screwed up
real bad, and spent way too much time with her, and she thinks she can
say whatever she wants with you and psychologically put you down.
So don’t give woman that time and any idea they can do so. In fact, don’t
give anyone, woman or man that opportunity.
Let them know the boundaries and be ﬁrm, but polite.
There we go.
From an Asshole ;)
16.8k Views · View Upvoters

A lot of girls tell me I'm an attractive man and are surprised I'm
single. I'm 25, but I can't seem to get a girlfriend. What am I
doing wrong?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Scott Heskew, is spot on. I’d read his reply to your comment and take it all on. It’s
detailed and can really help you go a long way in what you want to achieve.
I like to add more and go into then psychology part but ﬁrst..
1. You’re not honest with yourself
2. You are unauthentic
3. You fear relationship due to past relationships and project those
experiences into dating women
4. So you behave in a manner opposite to what builds a relationship and
that leads you to stay single.
Don’t take this as me judging you and saying I am better than you. I’m trying to
help you man to let go of the illusion.
This is what you think is your reality…

You see black spots darting everywhere and you think they exist. You perceive it
to be so but there are no black circles or dots on these white circles.
It is but an illiusion.
It is an illusion which you have designed, developed, made up in your mind and
it has become a script to only see the illusion.
Look closer. Focus.
You will soon see your mind wrap around it and see white ﬁlled up circles only.
Takes time to do but it can be done.
This is like me, walking in this world and most people telling me this is how
dating is, and that and I am like…
“What the fuck you people are on. Who taught you this shit?”
But they can’t see beyond the illusion.
They have been socially conditioned to believe in the illusion and also adding to
their own insecurituies, it is diﬃcult for them to let go and move forward to
experience what they really want to experience.
That is why you have sex with women you’d never even want to date. That is
why you are single.
You have a psychological position which is a script in your mind and a sex
position. Something happened back in the past for you to make that decision.
You’re whole behaviour is counter-productive to what you want.
What you are doing now is you are avoiding what can be diﬃcult for you and yet
it will bring quality. You avoid what might take time to something fast, right now
to satisfy your ego.
You got one thing most of haven’t got.
The “looks” not that I need it anyway. It’s just genetics. Nothing I earned if I had it
and it’s not what attracted extremely attractive women to me anyway.
It be easy for me to say you have lowered your standard but..
But we need to dig deeper, beyond the surface to understand from a
psychological point what that means to you….so you can let go of the illussion

and heal yourself to move forward.
You go around sleeping with women you’d never date because you are afraid of
relationships, you experienced something in your past you don’t want to
exprience again.
So you designed, made your mind up of what it all means to you.
You have a script running in your unconscious mind and if you listen carefully,
you’ll see why you did that.
You reinforce this script by your behaviour and..
“See! All women are ssame. Just want a man for his loooks, body, just sex.”
No. You did that because you want your world to be predictable.
It’s like women who say they never get a good guy, always attract assholes and
these are the very same women who do the same as you do.
They got a psycholoical position, a decision they made way back and so they now
have a script. A game they are playing.
It is a transactional game, which gives them this comfort strokes due to
reinforcing their behaviour to make that script a reality.
They seek a sense of purpose, meaning, to fulﬁl a meaningless empty shallow
destiny and then when it happens…
“SEE! All men are players, want sex, abusers.”
This is why they are single.
This is why guys don’t approach them,
This is why when guys do approach them it goes nowhere.
They are also unapproachable because their personality now is toxic.
This is why when they are 30, 40, 50 and single and bullshit everyone it is
because life being single is awesome.
This is why women call guys players, assholes, bad boys and the same women
who fuckled these guys, who came to us, and rode our dicks all night long and
then when they had their fun, they dissappear into society and…start talking shit
and saying how bad boys are bad, and blah blah blah, to show they are so
innnocent and angels.
It does nothing to guys like me. Women will always desire men like me. Not all of
them but the abundance of women are out there who desire such a man are
plentiful. I sometimes don’t even need to try.
They can fool some people all the time but they cannot fool everybody at the
same time. They also do nothing but fool themselves as they live with the lie,
judgment and throwing labels like they are better.
They played the same Transactional Game as you have.
You decided what game to play.
You decided what social mask to wear.
You have decided what role to play and what you want to happen.
You crave for these strokes from women, for your ego and to avoid what you need
to deal with. It gives you comfort but only for a very short time.
Avoid sleeping with women you’re not going to date.

You need to raise the psychological bar in your mind. You need to renew your
thoughts with a more healthy script.
To do that you need to come to terms with what might be painful to get past the
illusion. This illusion right here..

Be authentic. Be credible.
Be honest with yourself and the women you are dating.
You can have a wonderful experience with women, sleep with women who you
are attracted to, to such if it goes great, if both mutual consent, you can date and
grow, be in health and longer-lasting relationship.
Dig deep and take time to see what happened back in past so you can ﬁnally let…
go…of the illussion.
13k Views · View Upvoters

How do guys feel about women who have tattoos? Does it turn
men oﬀ if the woman has a lot of them? Do men think much
about it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have to be attracted to the woman. When I am attracted to her, a tattoo all over
her leg will mean a lot more to me then, and I’ll love it. Of course if she got tattoo
all over her face, and body then it’s not for me.
I like creativity, rebel, a woman who goes against the norms, and who is free from
worrying what others thinks and isn’t hiding inside of herself.
It will be sexy for me if I am attracted to the woman and I’d want to know what it
means to her, and ﬁnd out more about her.
So if I am attracted to her and I see her sexy legs with…
This…

Or when she teases me and I see this…

Or she tells me “I think I have great hips, what you think?…

Or she walks in to some cafe and I see….

Then, I’ll love it.
But if one day I am walking into a place and I see a woman dressed with leather
jacket on her seat like this…

Now you’re talking.
Now it all tells me she has ﬁre swimming inside of her and I like a woman who
has ﬁre swimming inside of her.
It is sexy, hot and I would want to know who she is.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What if a girl you date for a while refuse you to touch and kiss
her, pretesting many failed relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is a common mistake most guys make because they let their lust get in the
way and not apply the fundamentals. One of them is compatibility.
I personally would not be in this position, but let’s say I was. I would leave her
and ﬁnd someone else. She’s framing this relationship into platonic. It won’t be
good enough for me. So I’d move on.
Don’t spend time with her being an emotional tampon.
That is her psychological position and her sex position, not yours. She needs to
sort herself out because if you date her and you put sex aside, then believe me it

will eﬀect you psychologically as well, and your self esteem will also be hit in the
process.
For future when it comes to dating and compatibility…
1. I ensure compatibility and I make sure a woman is sexually conﬁdent as I
see sex is important. It’s not the only thing but it is important to me. So
very early even before dating, I have sorted this out because when I
approach sexually aggressive, in a playful manner I am not doing it to
impress her or convince. I am seeing what is her mindset regarding sex,
and I will know if she is following some norms and have hangups on sex.
2. If I ﬁnd that is so, I am not going any further with her. If I ﬁnd she is
responding to me like wise, then we move forward. I am authentic in
what I want. I know what I want and I don’t apologise for it. Next we
communicate by text and phone, and we sexualize, we communicate our
desires and what will happen playfully, we talk about sex, kinks,
positions, boundaries.
That is the diﬀerence between experienced men who are not passive
from men who supplicate to women.
I don’t need to ask permission for kiss and sex. She, the woman will have
engaged by phone and text with me and even saifd what she desired, to
such a level she will say..
“I am so wanting you right now. When I meet you I am going to be all over
you, kissing you everywhere, hands all over you, and I want you to fuck me
so hard, in all the positions you said…”
That’s my consent right there.
So everything is taking care of in the begining. Early on to see
compatibility, and we have discussed sex, boundaries, and even interest
in regards our goals, passion etc before I even met her.
3. By the time we meet….kissing, holding hands, embracing, touching, and
sex is not an issue. We talked on it way back and so we meet, kiss
immediately, have a laugh on what we discussed and sex on same night.
I made sure of compatibility.
You cannot change someone and why should you spend time with someone who
projects their past experience on you.
She needs to sort herself out and see a therapist. She’s not ready for dating
anyone. Why is she dating if she isn’t going to be intimate?
Don’t waste your time man, taking her out, resturant and all that. You’re not
looking to be a friend. That’s a friend not someone you are dating romantically
and sexually. Let her know, it’s not good enough for you and you’re moving on
and hope she sorts her life out.
Then ensure next time, look for compatibility. Be brave enough to do that early
on which takes vulnerability and conﬁdence to do so.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if you were in a female body for one day?

 https://www.quora.com/Ladies-what-would-you-do-if-you-were-in-a-male-body-for-one-day
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Mar 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Have multiple orgasms.
I’d buy a fuck machine delivered in an hour and sex toys and have fun
pleasuring myself, wet the damn ﬂoor, ﬂood the bedsheets. I’d be the
sexually conﬁdent woman who embraced her sexuality and put a middle
ﬁnger up at norms and acient beliefs.

2. I’d wear sexy hot dresses, high heels and..
….walk into a classy club full of lesbians and bisexuals…. connect and know how
to connect, a master of ﬂirting, seduction and have a threesome at the end of the
night. I’d live in the moment.

Then I’ll use strap on and fuck them all in ass and dominate the submissive and
pleasure them. Tie them with handcuﬀs and ropes and we’ll have a long night of
incredible orgasms.
When they wake up, I’ll smile and..
“Thanks ladies. That was one helluva a night. I’d say we could do it again but…I
only had one day to be a woman. ;)”
3. Sex Parties
I’d ﬁnd out where the sex parties are and catch a tax to get to one of them. Then
I’ll just go for it and start connecting with women who are lesbians and bisexuals
and eat as many pussies I can.
I’ll enjoy giving and experience sexual pleasure and being a woman who doesn’t
listen to the social conditioning or myths.

I’d be the Natural woman who embraced her utmost deepest desires and didn’t
hide from what she wants but went and lived it as much as possible on that day
and night.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't girls hit on guys?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Mar 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They do but…apparently most think they do a good job of it and bullshit everyone
else about why they do it in this subtle way. That they have some powerful way
and vibe, and special deep meaning in how they do it.
The reason why most women do it in these subtle hints is because they fear being
rejected and seen as a slut, a whore, too easy.
It’s called Transactional gaming.
They behave in a manner to provoke a response instead of really emotionally and
psychologically connection with man. It’s always a hit and miss. It doesn’t work
as we see many women say how they did this and the guy just didn’t see it
coming. That is why it is important for man to not look for signs.
Instead if he sees a woman he is attracted to, to lead an approach.
Most women who do this have psychologically position where most created this
script in their head that it is feminine, sophisticated to do this and done in such a
way that it ﬂatters man and man loves this kind of way.
That if they are full on direct it ruins the romance, that men will be scared and be
taken back because women are not supposed to do that. Well, if they want a man

who is passive and cannot see this is courage, then that is what these women will
attract anyway.
1. Most women who do this have always feared in being judged. They know
they live in a world of social norms, of traditions and of ways that if they
go against it, they got punished by being judged, isolated, pointed at and
ostracised.
2. They do subtle hints to protect their sexual reputation and call it ﬂirting.
I know many women who were young girls that went direct and then
because of that they got judged by their social circle and withdrew right
back into their shell to not do it again. They now fear being hurt like they
did with people around them and even from some guys.
Edit..to add due to questions from messages..
That’s why the Natural Man, the Primal man, a man of conﬁdence
penetrates and breaks the wall of social pressure like a lion, the mighty
one in the Jungle. This is why he is seen valuable. He show strength and
isn’t passive and intimidated by women’s beauty.
He is admired, lusted for and loved by women, not because of looks but
because of his courage to approach immediately when he sees a woman
he is attracted to him and brushes oﬀ the hints. He has no time for them
and doesn’t look for them.
This is why behaviour is the real status and why even the average man
can be seen attracting extremely attractive women. Conﬁdence is rare. A
man of Masculinity is rare.
Some of course see such a man as narcissist, a player, an asshole because
of their own programming of what a man suppose to be.
He is the advance male in that he believes always to advance forward
immediately as he shows his sexuality and conﬁdence.
His behaviour makes it easier for women to say yes…or no. It’s ﬁne. He
understand the free will and choice. He is also a man of options. He can
approach a woman and if she rejects, move on very fast to another
woman. He’s not the man who will bitch, whine and orbit around a
woman. He’s far too valuable and has crowds of women desiring him and
he can choose who to date, have sex and relationship with.
Most women desire these men not for looks but sexual appeal, they are
sexy, hot in conﬁdence, Masculine and they got sexual experience,
knowledge and the adventure. A breath of fresh air. Charismatic and
always women will say “you’re so fucking sexy and hot.”
3. Most women also fear rejection. It’s not easy to approach a guy and then
he rejects. It hits hard for a lot of women and it does so for men too. They
didn’t get validated and it hits their self esteem.
4. They fear being judged by their own social circle, other women and be
judged as a slut, whore, too easy and how it’s just…not…woman like.
So what they do is unconsciously or consciously, they create this belief, a script in
which they believe they need to behave this way to fulﬁll a sense of destiny. It is a
hit and miss most of the time.
And when they do these hints, what happens is they attract the chases, the ones
who see women as a trophy and so the chase begins. However, when the chase

ends, it can lead to a disastrous relationship or even being ghosted, or the guy is
now bored of the woman because the chase is over.
Women have been hammered on how this is is the way to do it since they were a
child. The older they get, the more they believe in this lie, including his lie they
got some special sub-communication way and vibe technique.
The older they get, the more they believe in this lie and pass it on to the next
generation who also do a right fuck up. Repeating the same mistakes over and
over again.
So they do hit on men but…they are shit at it. It’s that simple.
They completely have no idea what they are doing. When it does happen, they
think it’s because the guy got the hint. Not really.
He was just more conﬁdent than the other guys and approached.
They call it ﬂirting, hinting, vibing oﬀ, but really it’s called…fear of rejection and
fear of losing their sexual reputation.
9.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girl accept your friend request on Facebook but
not wanna talk to you in messages?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s just being nice to accept but isn’t interested to chat. Some don’t like conﬂict
or feel awkward when they're ignored, so they accept but won’t chat with you.
I don’t send requests to women.
1. Because they always think guys who do, only do so for sex
2. Because they think guys only see their looks
3. Because they think all guys might be players
4. And I can’t be assed with women who think that and think their beauty
is going to be enough when it won’t be.
When a woman sends a request, what I do, is: I ask. Yes, that’s right. I accept and
ask why she is contacting me.
If they don’t give me a good answer, I then block them. Done.
So don’t bother with women on social media in regards to sending requests or
sending messages, until they move or take intiative.
Or, if you do send a message, be direct with her of your intent. She’s going to
judge anyway, so let the chips fall where they may.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alestaire Caines

In general, why do girls have more privileges in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They don’t except if..
1. The man is supplicating to the girls
2. The man is fearing loss
3. The man is passive and doesn't have opinions
4. The man hasn’t set boundaries

I love giving to my lovers but they also know I am the Natural Man, the Primal
man, who doesn’t need to supplicate, beg, hide, stay silent when I need to say
something, and I don’t throw away my values for pussy, tits and ass.
I’m the guy who pins a woman to the wall, my hand on her neck and I look into
her eyes for a while, and she stands there, and I take her drink, put it down on
table, and turn to then kiss her passionately…to rip her clothes oﬀ, and my tongue
and hands all over her breasts, and I go down on her as I turn her round and
spread her ass cheeks for her legs to quiver, to whimper, groan, for her to feel the
ﬁre inside her spread through her entire body.
And before her legs cave in…I pick her up, throw her on the bed and fuck her.
I’m the man who puts handcuﬀs on my lover, and spread her legs and she stays
pinned down as I pleasure her. I’m the man, the Natural man, not some guy who
was brought up that girls are all fragile, princesses, and don’t need a slap in ass,
and pinned to ﬂoor and fucked right there and there.
I’m the man where woman is submissive and I’m dominant but in a loving way,
it’s both ways, consensual, and she needs a man, not some passive guy who has
no opinion, and cannot be himself.
So you’re talking either from your own experiences or from what you see but not
all relationships are like that and not all men are like that.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl texts me a lot, pokes me when she sees me, talks to me a
lot, and giggles a lot when I'm around. Does she like me or is she
just an extrovert?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

At least she is someone who doesn’t worry about texting a lot, talkings a lot to
you. Some girls, when you text a lot to them they start acting weird, which is
pretty fucked up, and shows a gamey attitude.
So that is positive but now you need to watch it.
You need to ensure you be direct with her in being playful, ﬂirt then ask her out.
Suggest something because there are girls who do things for nothing more than
to provoke a reaction ie.
1. They just want attention
2. They are just ﬂirting out of boredom
3. They are ﬂirting because they want to feel wanted
4. They are ﬂirting to then ghost you
5. They are ﬂirting because it’s fun
6. But also…they are ﬂirting, doing all that because they are interested and
attracted to the guy
But you will never know if you don’t ask her out.
It can really hurt you if you emotionally invest time, eﬀort and ﬁnd out months
later she wasn’t interested in you in that way.
Better you be conﬁdent and direct with her in a fun, playful way and asking her
out.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like inexperienced girls?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on guy but for me personally..
1. If inexperience means she is attracted to me, sexually and romantically,
and….
2. If inexperience means she hasn’t got hangups on sex and isn’t following
norms like some dating rule, and play hard bullshit and says directly she
does desire me, sexually and romantically without hints
3. If inexperience means, she can talk about sex openly with me as I do
with her in all ways, from conversation in texting, phone and face to face.
4. If inexperience means she had enough of norms, wants to let go and be
with a guy who is exciting, adventureous and is experienced because
now she learnt sex doesn’t deﬁne her and there’s more to her
5. If inexperience means she also is embraces that I have other lovers and I
don’t believe of mainstream and social norms, where most think you
can’t love more than one woman when you have sex and relationship
with more than one woman
6. If inexperience means she is high sexual and hungry for sex from man
who desires her and she desires me in same way or even more
7. If inexperience means she is honest in showing her intent to me when I
do to her…
Then I have no problem with inexperienced.
But that is me.
I’m a lover and I love pleasuring women and even showing, teaching, and
growing together. That’s the fun exciting and incredible.
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl rejected me but is always watching me play soccer (I am
in middle school), what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You should.
1. Stop over thinking
2. Grow some balls
3. And when football is done…approach other girls
Any guy who talks lke this, even if he isn’t, sounds like..
“I am a virgin and never fucked a girl in my life. In fact I haven’t approached
more than 30 girls in my life. I am soooo desperate. Have no options at all…”
If a girl rejects, why would I care if she sits watching me play football or
masturbating in her mind?
I don’t. She got her chance and I’d be busy approaching other girls in my spare
time than wondering why she watching football while I play.
Is it a sign, a master plan she has under her sleeve? Is she really interested but was
shy? Is she a super agent spy recruiting chumps for some test?
Just repeat after me “I don’t give a shit. I’ve moved on. Plenty of girls to approach
and that’s what I will do..”

No girl or guy for that matter, is worth over thinking about when they are not
interested. Waste of time.
Move on.
952 Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop daydreaming about a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The point is you need to approach lots of girls and start dating and forget all this
“love.” Get some experience on your belt and forget the mind masturabtion and
get on with it.
Far too many guys over think things and see one girl, put her on a pedestal and
suddenly they say they are in love.
You never dated, you never grow to know a girl, you never really went through
pain when it comes to facing rejections, and being in relationships, and getting
dumped, to then grow, and get dumped again, and then grow and dump girls here
and there for their bullshit drama and games, and grow to learn much more until
you get a true understand of a lot of things regarding dating, infatuation, love and
so on.
If you keep this going on you’ll be like most typical guys, behaving like chumps,
asking questions about looks, and thinking looks is the thing that will solve all
their problem when it doesn’t.
Plenty of guys I know who are average looking and dating extremely attractive
girls because they have done a lot of work in themselves by going out there, going
through the learning curve, the pain, realisations of many things to have very
strong powerful intuitions, social skills, ﬂirting skills, and know how to
communicate to any girl at diﬀerent levels.
You got a lot to learn and you’re holding yourself back over thinking.
Just go out, approach, learn, grow, get through the pain, ﬁnd yourself and
socialise with many people, build your life, do what you want and you’ll meet
girls, and you will make mistakes, you will falter but at least you will be way
ahead of many guys to one day meet girls who date and have relationship with
you without all these big blow expectations.
But right now you haven’t the experience, know how, and you just need to go and
do it and stop over thinking with this big picture about relationships.
They don’t just happen and you can set boundaries, and you can date without
expectations and there are girls who are also smart and are like that, and don’t
want relationships so soon and need time, lots of time to know a guy, date, fuck,
and go out and have a time of their life.
You’re over thinking.
Take action and move forward and grow.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl from Tinder says she can date in a few weeks due to
school, is it smart to keep contact or just contact for the date in
a few weeks?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what you do..

1. Create options. Tinder is ﬁckle. It’s not like girls contact some guy with
knowledge on a knowledge base platform. This is Tinder, full of ﬁckle,
shallow, attention seeking girls, and some are not but you will never
know who is who until you meet face to face.
So keep in touch with this girl, but sparingly, because if she said she’s
trying to get studies sorted, she’ll be stressed out. If she isn’t saying the
truth, it doesn’t matter.
2. You’re not waiting around. You’re going to keep attracting girls and go on
dates and if this girl does appears to meet face to face later, great but it’s
still not oﬃcial as she can meet once or a couple of dates, and
dissappear. You don’t stop until you ﬁnd one who you and her click so
good, and it’s on
3. Ensure with this girl you’r enot texting a lot. Give distance. She’s busy,
she maybe stressed out. Just enough contact once a week or twice, to
keep in touch but you don’t stop attracting other girls.
4. Now, if she does appear and you do date, just be honest. Let her know
and that you’re still dating others, because like everything you need to
get to know someone and not make hasty decisions to make things
oﬃcial. Do same to oithers you meet from Tinder.
So create options and date others and see who gives more time to you. She’s the
one who is priority.
You see, if you focus on one girl, and invest emotions, time, and then she
dissappears, well, you just fucked up. You now start from zero.
Be smart. Create options.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Brucy

What maketh a man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What makes man a man?

A man is a man who can endure pain or hardship without showing his feelings or
complaining. He endures, with gratefulness, humility and none shall know of his
pain really when you see him, when you hear him speak, when he loves and when
you feel his positive vibe.
All who meet him, men admire him, some will hate him, some will spread words
to trap him and some make fools of themselves. Young will be confused on what
women see in him as women see a man with ordinary look but his eyes..those
deep dark eyes…women know and feel like they are walking in a great
waterfall….electricty shooting through their body as they hear his deep voice for
the ﬁrst time.
His words that ﬂow shakes the earth they walk on.
When they meet him he ﬁres them up, their hearts race and pounds to ﬁnd him
fascinating and they grow to fall in love with him. They don’t know why and how
he does it but whatever he does, he makes them feel special and loved. They want
more of him.
Positive in attitude, ﬂowing with love, knowledge, experience that most chase
him for it and women desire to learn from him and love him. Crafted from worn
out tools and applying in the real world to be a master of his life.
But if you really knew him, gone past his playfulness and all the labels most try to
put on him…. if he told you for real of what he endured..without complaint… it

would make much of one’s struggle tear asunder. It will give one rising hope in
their own life and the path to win as well.
They wonder how did he survive?
Where did he get such mind and strength from?
How did he survive all that while many would have quit, gave up, and even killed
themselves. People will wonder why he is like that when they discover his true
journey especially when they hear from others of his story, his struggle, the many
scars from battles…and yet grew to be a man who doesn’t complain.
Life threw every hook and he just got stronger.
When he lost he never mentioned a word but rather kept his losses to himself and
learnt to win in life.
Yes, he celebrates life, nature and humanity.
He grew to stop complaining and overthinking as most do due to fear and excuses
to not take action.
When he succeeded he didn’t feel he is better than others to such he looks down
on people. Instead, he felt more empathy, love and compassion for humanity,
respect for life and awed at how nature keeps on giving.
Even when he succeeded and even when he is asked for knowledge…he speaks
and writes with ﬁre, passion, conviction, courage but also with an understanding
that he is equal to all.
That he is the same as all…in that he is limited in time on this earth, limited time
for his youth and health. Nor is he greater than any man, woman and child.
Though he has the seeing eye, looking further than most could because his path
was a path most do not travel by…he grew to be a man who is grateful for all he
receives, became resourceful because hardship was a tool that forged him to be
creative and a dreamer who makes things happen.
He didn’t show feelings regarding hardship as a curse.
He learnt to embrace and turn it all into an opportunity. The world was then all
his and as he bettered himself…those around him were also enriched.
He became a man of value rather than a man of success.
He became….a man.
I cannot say it better than the words below…

If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,

If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don’t deal in lies,
Or being hated, don’t give way to hating,
And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise:
If you can dream—and not make dreams your master;
If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim;
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,
And stoop and build ’em up with worn-out tools:
If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
And never breathe a word about your loss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
To serve your turn long after they are gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the Will which says to them: ‘Hold on!’
If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,
Or walk with Kings—nor lose the common touch,
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,
If all men count with you, but none too much;
If you can ﬁll the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run,
Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it,
And—which is more—you’ll be a Man, my son!
140 Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over my preference and strong attraction for Arab
men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not all Arabs are Muslims or cultural that they follow norms of cultural
traditions. I know I don’t and I know many other Arabs don’t.
I don’t see a problem.
See here..
Are there diﬀerent types of Arabs?
Arabs I know and myself date women who are not arabs, and be in relationship
and serious relationships. I’m not monogamous so I won’t bother dating a woman
as an example who is and follows some norm traditional relationship model.
I can’t be assed with the drama that comes with it.
Doesn’t mean monogamous doesn’t work but for me, hell no. Just not for me.
Everyone to their own kind of thing.
So you will ﬁnd diﬀerent types of Arabs, Arabs who into into diﬀerent types of
relationships and so forth. You just haven’t met them.

It be diﬃcult if you’re battling your preference as that’s what you’re attracted to
but if that’s what you want…then maybe look at other preferences you may have
than Arabs.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a man says you are intense?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. The person scaring the shit out of him and feels that if he ever dated her,
it will completely go side ways and won’t work. If it’s a guy friend, he
feels he’s just boring the hell out of him with all this forceful passionate
political or whatever talk.
2. That the person is too serious and need to calm the shit down, and stop
being serious, and be more playful, fun, or if interested…ﬂirt.
3. The person got one more chance. If they keep doing what they are doing,
attraction is going to past level zero, to level cold freezing “not calling her
again, or texting back, or meeting her, she’s too damn serious..”
So whatever it is and whoever tone it down a few 100 notches ;)
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should a girl do when she sees a boner on her guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This “should and shouldn’t” needs to be thrown out of the window and move it to
more of what he and you want. Communicate. Have a talk with him and be open
with each other..
Every guy is diﬀerent and so you will need to experiment together and have fun
exploring other ways…
1. WHIPPED CREAM
She stops, look down and lick her lips like she’s hungry. I mean REAL
HUNGRY, and I’ll hear her groan as walks right up to me, and reveals
Whipped Ice Cream…
Goes down on her knees, and take pants oﬀ and as she sprays the
Whipped cream and licks her lips, looking at me she says...
“Mmm, Master, I’m so hungry..”
And licks and sucks and gives me one helluva blow job.
You can also use syrup and other things and eat like it’s the only meal
you had in the day, groaning, making the slurp sounds, and let him hear
you are enjoying it. Keep his cock stretched, use your hands to twist in
alternate directions as you give him a blow job.
2. SHE’S BEEN A BAD GIRL
She walks out, comes back with collar that has a leash and naked and she
crawls on her knees right between my legs and..
“Daddy, I’ve been such a bad..bad girl..”
Unzips unzips and starts licking, stretching my cock and gives me the
most amazing blow job, while one hand is on the leash and other hand
on her hair, and guiding all the diﬀerent directions

3. STRIP TEASE AND 69 TOWER
The music to strip tease ;)

Bangs some hot music and starts dancing, doing the strip tease, and as close,
turns round for me to see her ass, and slap as she uses her ass to stroke my cock
and unzips, ass on my face..
Her - MASTER…Mmmm…what big…cock you have..
Turns facing away from me. Legs on my shoulders, and we have a 69 as she gives
me a blow job and I am eating her out too. And sometimes I stand up and keep
going.
Probably hit the bed and be in same positin 69, pleasuring each other, side
position is awesome.
4. THE CLASSIC
Straddles me while I’m on chair, facing me with vibrator between us with and
after she gets real wet, rides me, same position facing me. Then change position
to reverse classic, facing away from me, where I can now cup and caress her
breasts.
5. ACROBAT (ﬂexiblity needed)
Continued from the Classic. From the straddling position facing towards me,
bends her back until her arm reaches the ground. She uses her arms as support.
6. HAND JOB
I sometimes have my laptop near buy and my lover would bang a porn movie of
lesbians and she’d sit next to me, and stroke with my pants still on, and later
unzip and use lubricant or her own, and use her hands, as I also do the same, and
pleasure each other.
The hand job is about variety, so don’t just up and down. There are diﬀerent
techniques you can do. You mix it up with the speed, pressure, for arousal to
grow. Pay attention to the super-sentent ridge of the head where it meets the
shaft, massage the head only sometimes but be gentle, as it’s can be super
sensitive and graduall adding pressure. You can massage it with one or two
ﬁngers which will give him immense pleasure.
Try both hands as well like you are uncreasing and doubling the pleasure for your
guy.
You can also form a ring with your thumb and foreﬁnger at the base of his shaft
and you just gently tug downards, while doing the toe curling move of fondling
his testicles with other hand.

So now all you got to do, is talk to your guy and you might even come up with
more creative ways. It’s about being open with each other and this helps to build
intimacy with each other, laugh and discover more.
It’s very arousing and enriching and gets rid of the awkwardibess as you both ﬁnd
out exactly how you both want to be pleasured. It can be an amazing journey and
adventure. All because you were free to just be yourself and communicate. It
takes your relationship to a whole new level.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Does it make sense to try for a long distance relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to move fast and show interest. Look. You’re fortunate and so is he, that
he can see you 2–3 month and be around for a week with you, both. I would say to
take that shot and not leave it as friends. So when you see him, ﬁnd out where he
is at i.e. relationship wise, if with someone else, if he’s poly, or monogamous.
Then when you found out what you need to know and it’s all positive, make your
move. I would even do it before he even comes, on phone. So at least it’s not
awkward if nothing happens and there is a time span away from him.
Either way, do make your move to ask him out before someone else in Turkey
does. You never know, life is like that sometimes. So just ask him out and all best!
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you have a sexual desire /quirk you ﬁnd arousing but are
afraid to ask your partner to try with you for fear of a negative
response?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not afraid to ask my lovers and don’t fear of them being scared oﬀ.
Compatibilty is sorted way in begining so I don’t have that problem.
Also near the begining this happens..
1. All lovers I am with, we have what we call a list or a bucket list. Some
have done some diagrams making it all sophisticated, some just write a
list down, some go all full force with images of positions and..
“Yeah and this, I don’t know what it is called but I want to do this with
you..”
2. So right near begining, and sometimes, before I have met the women, we
have already texted and used phone and talk, commnicate and we got to
know what we like, what positions, foreplay, kinky stuﬀ and what we like
to experience and explore.
3. We also discuss boundaries.
And all this happens because I behave as a lover from day one, honest, direct
about what I want in a woman and so, the women feel..
“OMG! I found him! I can open up, say what I want with this guy, and never worry of
being judged. I can say I want to fucked in ass, and tied up with handcuﬀs and tell
him I like women too and I want threesome withn him FFM!”
And suddenly, it’s like hello freedom! Bye shame and guilt and taboos. We are
open, we can discuss our desires, needs and sexual wants without worrying about
scaring anyone.

I get compatibility sorted way in the begining.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What surprised you most about becoming a parent?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Time.
One day you are holding your tiny son in your arms and next just like that, he’s
sitting hammering away on a keyboard, all grown up, doing his CV for the job.
The memories ﬂash by on the time you would wake up every morning when he
cried, when bathing him, changing him, when he was small, vulnerable, in your
arms, and your ever awaken with one eye open in a sense and one shut.
Ready, alert, in a ﬂash even when tired battling the world, politics, courts, job,
business, back and forth, you cannot say..
“I don’t have time. I’m busy.”
You remember the ﬁrst steps, the moments in which he falls, the staring at you
with bottom lip, and wondering whether to cry or suppose to feel someting else,
for me to smile, laugh, so he knows it is alright, it is part of life, we all fall, there is
nothing really shame about it at all but if you want to cry, go ahead, it’s ﬁne.
The memories of walking him to park, swinging back and forth, and wishing you
can do it all over again and again, and again, but to know he is now grown. It
doesn’t seem cool for a father to do that.
It is the heart break, when he makes his own decision knowing full well, it’s going
to hurt him, knowing the path he is taking, knowing that whatever your child
says, they will sometimes see you as the enemy, or the bothersome parent, or the
pain in the ass, or the adult or the annoying friend.
It is the battle cry, the warrior in you as school thinks they can boss your child
around, do their fear tactics and not realising who is about to come and meet
them face to face, knowing all their tactics and system works, because I was once
a teacher, and was one for 10 years.
And so you sit there in a closed meeting, looking at your son, grown, and he looks
at you with eyes in which battle is lost already, for me, to smile, and say to him
with my eyes..
“Watch now your father, watch carefully son.”
And when they spoke with their rules, and scare tactics, I then unleashed
mayhem on them for them to know, fuck with my son, and hell is coming to them
and doing it in a way, that is calm, showing my son how to keep your nerve, how
to walk in like a lion and tear their lion clothing to see sheep, terriﬁed of my son,
and not knowing what to do.
No empathy but rules about some clothes and who did this and that without any
evidence but school gossip.
To walk out with my son, with no suspension and ﬁnding the real culprit and to
show my son to forgive and have empathy.
It is the time, that has ﬂew by so fast in which now he lives his own life, busy,
doing his own thing, and worry, wonder, if I taught him all he needs to know, if I
prepared him well for this world.
In which a call comes and..

“Dad how do you…you know, get someone interested in you because there’s
someone I like and..…”
And so I feel better and I share the knowledge and diﬀerence is, he believes on
the spot as he’s seen his father with women here and there, seen the world, seen
the recording studios and artists, seen my landscape of paintings of women, but I
wondered if it is enough. Did I do enough, for him to win in life.
And as he says his goodbye again with hope that anything is possible, maybe to
not hear him for another span of time, I again think, if I have done all that is
possible.
To turn and see the photo of my father on the wall and I remember. I remember it
so well. I see it now.
I did far greater than he.
Yes, now I understand.
I remember nothing in walks in the park, no laughter, no smiles but shouting,
noise, and fear. I remember his life was not as free as mine was. He came from the
acient times, of old religions, of superstitions, of working hard by labour not
mind and creativity.
Nor did he come from a rich country but a country doomed to stay poor and ﬁlled
and rife with corruption. Nor did anyone teach him what he needed to know and
nor did he have access to the wealth of knowledge and opportunities as I did.
He but tamed the ﬁre, working in the steel works 6 days a week, eat, sleep, wake
up and work again, day after day, week after week, years. Life was hard for him,
and me, unforgiving, a brute and it was a time of racism in your face and so many
battles he and the generation before us faced but paved the way for us today.
And nor did he even know what the hell he was doing for being married so young,
with wife and 6 children, without any lessons to prepare him.
In that moment I forgave him and couldn’t help but have empathy for him. I
picked up the phone, and said hello after not saying so for some years.
And I said..
“I did it..”
And he listened, and he hummed and arrghed, and he listened some more and he
laughed, and then he cried, and then he stayed silent…
“It’s ok Dad. I know.”
And as the time came, I remember how he met me once in an airport as I came on
my own far beyond many rainbows, many raging blue and red skies, and oceans
as a child.
Now here I am, a man saying my farewell to him as he now returns home after all
these years to live there and die there, as his health began to fail him. Maybe to
never see him again as war there continues.
As I stand at the Airport to see the changes of technology and sophisticated
motion screens of commericials…we said our last farewell.
He fades into the distance with the rest of the passengers to realise even with
time, memories still burn strong and with it came a realisation.
My son will be ﬁne.
With the little I started with and with being born in a bat shit crazy family, it is
true that the enviroment, your blood, where you came from or how you brought

up…doesn’t have to deﬁne you and make you who you are.
You can ﬁnd your own path and become who you want to be without making any
excuses or blame on any man or woman, or society or anyone else.
My son will do far greater and whatever he does, he has had far greater time,
support, encourgament, love and guidance than I ever had.
But still…I sometimes wonder…and wish I could turn back time where I feel the
small hands holding mine one more time…as we walk to the park.
Swing those seats and hear him giggle and laugh and say…
“Higher dad! Higher!”
Time.
One day you’re holding your child in your arms
The next thing you know….
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to bang a woman?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Mar 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best way is to ﬁnd out from the woman herself because every woman you
meet will be diﬀerent. Some for example are submissive, some are not, some
don’t want anal, some do, some want this and that, some don’t.
So here’s how I do it so I know the best way to fuck a woman.
1. I make sure when I approach women or when they contact me, due to
wanting to know me, I am playful, ﬂirt, sexual indirectly ﬁrst. I show
intent and if I ﬁnd out I click with her and attracted to her this way and
it’s mutual.
2. From there I will give my details, phone and again, let her know, that this
is sexual and romantic not friendship by behaving the same on step one.
It’s easy for me to do so as this is who I am, I’m a lover and I behave as
one.
3. Communication. Through text, let’s say What’sapp, I am direct in my
ﬂirting, very sexual. Slowly ﬁrst and the she responds sexual too.
4. Now I escalate to a higher level, in communicating on and asking what’s
her kink fantasies, what’s what she likes to happen when we meet, and
she will ask same. I will also share sex gifs and she will also share, and
some share their photos, videos which I love it when a woman does that.
It reveals to me how conﬁdent she is and also she trusts me a great deal.
Those that don’t or those that do but stop, well, some insecurities and
trust issues, which I understand, it’s cool. I don’t push for it but it’s
wonderful when a woman does show vulnerability and shows me all and
it shows she trusts me a lot.
I know myself and I know how important trust is and in time a woman
will grow to trust as we meet, have sex and so on. So it’s cool if it takes
time for a woman to be comfortable.
I will share sexual gifs, from all kinds, to even bondage, all kinky ways to
ﬁnd out yes she likes that, no she don’t want that, and everything I need
to know in between. Back and forth communication.

For some people it’s hard to believe this happens but hey, I don’t live in
their world and they don’t live in mine. I take lots of risks than being
passive. It takes balls to do this. It works for me, saves alot of time,
reveals compatibility early on and…makes the bond stronger with
women who are my lovers.
5. Now you know what she desires in sex, kinky ways, festishes, to even
how to kiss, touch, what she likes to happen ﬁrst and…most important…
the boundaries. She knows my boundaries and I know hers. Reassure
her…that you will respect her boundaries as she well with yours.
That’s how you know and so you take note of what she says.
In the begining, I suggest to do lots of foreplay, and ﬁnd out what she likes, and
she will share all. So light foreplay with kisses to kneck, strokes on body, breast
licking but take it easy,..as some women’s breast is very sensitive.
So learn about her body slowly, take your time and she will love it and move down
to belly, thighs, don’t go straight to her pussy, but around her pussy for a while,
kiss, lick, stroke, massage, and then work your way to her pussy and learn how to
pleasure her to give orgasms that way.
Then do the things she likes, with the sex positions, and so on.
All the information you want to know comes from the women you’re with and all
will be diﬀerent. If you show conﬁdence and if you don’t be passive, if you lead
and if you ensure to select women who are also sexually conﬁdent compatible
with you, like sex, and not into all this playing hard to get and nonsense, then
you’ll be great.
But all the information you need is from the woman and you need to be good at
making her feel comfortable to share what she desires when it comes to sex and
really anything else.
10k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong of me to only want to have sex with beautiful
women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. If you desire to want sex with beautiful women, then you have sex with only
beautiful women. There is nothing wrong with your preference. This is what you
desire and this is what you want.
You will ﬁnd many as well, beautiful women who will if you want to have
personality, have passion in life, seeking meaning and many other things that
you will also look for in life too.
So that’s even another thing which you can have with beautiful women.
Whatever you want, whoever you want to have sex with, of course in legal age
consent and they desire it to with you, beautiful or whatever, tall or short, women
who has had plastic surgery, woman who hasn’t, white, black, american, british,
spanish, brazilians etc, red head, blonde, brunette, white hair, shaved pussy so
smooth to bush….whatever your preference….you date, have sex with whoever.
Knowing full well, it is not good, it is not bad, it is not normal or abnormal.
It is…what…you..want.
And if that is what you want, awesome.
You go for it mate.

You go and approach beautiful women you see as beautiful as it’s all about
perception in what is beauty to you, and enjoy your life.
Everyone else, well, don’t matter.
As long as you are happy and the women you have sex with are happy,
That is all that matters.
Everything else, is jusy clutter and people’s perception, opinion, their reality,
background, how they were brought up and belief system. It’s just you wearing a
social mask worrying what others might think or some belief you got somewhere
making you feel guilty about it all.
You’re going to ask people how to live your life and who to have sex with is a sure
way to a road of great turmoil and unhappiness.
Remove your social mask and live your life to the full.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some men prefer anal sex over vaginal sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Some men love anal sex more than vaginal sex. Why?

Because..
1. It’s tight and I can feel her ass grip the thick girth of my cock.
2. I love fucking woman from behind, not just pussy but ass too. Its a sexy
hot dominate primal position.
3. To see and feel her groan, whimper with some sweet pain and pleasure.
4. She is showing super vulnerability and trust in her lover.
5. It is SUPER intimate
6. It is control factor and it shows she is letting go of control for him to lead
with also making sure it is comfortable and pleasurable for her.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

There is a guy at Starbucks that said he liked my metallic
tattoo, and he is cute. I was thinking of bringing him one. Is
that ﬂirting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget if it’s ﬂirting or not. Use the opportunity to ﬂirt yourself.
You - Hey, I remembered what you said about my metallic tattoo (show skin ;)
You - And I got one for you (don’t give it. Show it)
Him - Oh thanks
You - And….when we meet I’ll wet it, needs a lot of tongue, or it won’t stay on. I’ll
put it…on…for…you ;)
You - Here’s the tattoo and here’s..my number
Get his number and his name discreetly, like he’s writing some note for a
customer, wink, smile and walk away.
When you are away from the place, make sure you add his name and number on
phone, so you know it’s him texting you or calling you..when he does.
You have ﬂirted and now it his move, and you can relax your heart pounding and
nerves. You did it. Who cares what he thinks. He’s just one guy.

Avoid always assuming anything. Take charge of life by the horns and you lead or
nothing in life happens for passive people. You got to make it compelling, on why
he should take interest in you.
If he doesn’t make a move/text/call you in a couple of days or week, he’s not
interested. Move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I write a message to a boy who doesn’t seem interested
in me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The world we live in is ﬁlled with people who “seem” to not be interested and
“seem” to be interested too. People wear social masks and even if they desire
someone, want to achieve something, want to do something…people will behave
sometimes in a manner that they don’t.
Because they fear being judged by others and being rejected, or fear social
pressure, fear of failure or they have low self worth.
Some will not even do what is necessary to achieve what they want because it is
comfortable to be where they are.
It may “seem” for example, someone is conﬁdent but their self esteem will be low.
I met many women like that.
Conﬁdent in words but low self esteem in themselves and in their body. The one’s
with conﬁdent and high self esteem will be pounding me with their photos,
videos of them doing all sorts, hot sexy stuﬀ..
Then there’s some who are conﬁdent, have self esteem but follow some values,
which I don’t follow, and it gets them to not want to share, or fear that if they do,
it gets leaked and on and on the fear goes.
People “seem” to be but…you cannot assume anything.
If you haven’t approached the guy, showed vulnerability, showed your really
interested instead of hints and signals - and then say he “seems” not interested,
then that to me says it is you who have insecurities, fear of rejection and
rationalising not to do anything because you attach to the outcome too much.
That guy is one guy.
Forget the big oicture of relationship, long romance, and marriage, with kids, and
a house with a picket white fence which by the way most women do that. Framing
everything in their head.
Until you approach, be honest, open and show you’re inerested by words and
your behavuour, and when he says yes or no, then you will know.
But right now, it is all assumptions.
It is the fear of rejection.
Just approach and ask him, and if no, done. Walk away. If yes, move forward by
suggesting something and not leaving in the air.
One thing to avoid doing..
“I like you.” That doesn’t say anything. You need to be clear what that means and
let that guy know.
Do it for yourself, so you can move on or forward.

Or you always regret and wonder, like most do.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do, when a girl complains to my adults that I am
harassing her, when I am being nice to her and I get into trouble
for that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Avoid doing whatever you’re doing…
1. Saying hi to her. She’s not interested in you.
2. Complimenting her. Don’t do it.
Dissappear from her sight completely or ignore her if you see her.
Done.
That’s really it.
Listen to the feedback.
She’s not interested in knowing you, getting to know you and hearing anything
from you. So stop what you doing and move on.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl says she likes you but she doesn't want to be in a
relationship with you because you lack the experience, what
should you do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s saying she is not interested. So you move on.
It doesn’t matter what they say. Her intent has been shown. That whatever it is in
her mind is far greater that being with the guy.
So intent is shown by her behaviour and you move on.
The reason why most girls avoid being direct is because maybe they faced
conﬂict in past. The girl experienced the drama of guys calling her bitch, slut,
whore, and who does she think she is blah blah blah.
And maybe, she has heard stories from other girls on how that happened to them
and so, she isn’t being direct in saying, “no.”
She doesn’t want the awkwardiness and conﬂict.
Also, if the guy as an example spends tons of time with her, weeks, months,
texting and phoning, she will probably say something to keep him in the loop,
because she doesn’t want to lose the emotional support or as a standby.
So by saying that, it gets him hoping, waiting for years when he should have
moved on fast and approached many girls, to get a yes from a girl that feels the
same way as he does with her.
Maybe some girls do it to play hard to get.
But no matter what. If a girl doesn’t show intent i.e. FUCK YEAH, everything else
doesn’t matter.
You move on.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are your impressions of the Greeks you have met?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Mar 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Awesome. I met some in Birmingham and London. I have to say, they were one of
the most friendliest people I have ever met, fun and passionate too when they
talk.
I remember when I gave them my business card because they asked but didn’t
think much of it. You know, people say things just to be nice.
But these guys called me and invited me to a Greek resturant. Owned by their
parents and it was their brother’s birthday. They were friendly, hospital and
always asked if I need anything and later got me dancing with them, like you was
part of their family
I promised myself, I got to visit Greece as they invited me to come and visit and so
I know they meant it too. I got a call from them a month later reminding me to do
come and visit.
So I have to say I am impressed by how friendly, outgoing, hospitable and most of
all they knew how to have fun. Made me feel like I was a part of their family and
they’ve known me for years.
I still remember the experience and it makes me smile.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can we change the girl's view that we're not the “nice
guys” we used to be?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you want to get really hurt?
Do you really want to ﬁnd yourself in a position in which you be in great
depression and wish you never met this girl?
If not, then read on…
You don’t want the girl to change her view. It has never been about trying to
impress and prove something to really anyone.
If you do, you are supplicating to the girl.
Supplicate - to beg for something earnestly, supplicating to be made to the peers,
Synonyms: beseech, beg, plead with, implore, petition, appeal to, solicit.
That isn’t attractive as you can see.
It’s needy and desperate.
So here’s what I advise…
1. You know what you want in a girl
2. You approach, be playful and converse
3. You see if her personality and who she is…is someone you want to date
4. If the experience in that moment is great with her then… you ﬁnd if the
attraction is mutual
5. If it is not…you move on.
You want a girl who feels the same, who does want to engage with you, get to
know you, who gets you and wants to date you.

When you get a “no,” then she is saying the feeling isn’t mutual.
Respect her decision and move on politely, with conﬁdence in yourself that there
are plenty of girls out there to meet.
Yes, I know some girls say no and want to say yes but they mess it all up.
But that is not your problem.
You don’t approach a girl to ﬁx her because if you do, your heart will be pulled
out, spat on, trampled all over and handed back to you.
If you cannot take a no, then you will try all kinds to please her. Trying to be a
friend, a pal, giving her gifts, emotionally investing time, and a lot more.
Then you see her one day with someone else, who didn’t have to do all that and
she is now riding him. She will probably tell you how she rides him, how big it is,
and how bad boy he is, and how she hates him BUT she still rides him everyday.
You become that nice guy who supplicates, who spends tons of time trying to
convince, impress, wasting so much time to be her emotional tampon. You will
rationalise all kinds of stuﬀ that you got to save her from herself.
Look. I have no problem giving time to women I love. I have no problem hearing
their pain and challenges. I have no problem being there for my lovers. Many
grow with me to such heights and achieve great things due to my knowledge and
experience.
1. But if she hasn’t said yes.
2. If we haven’t spent time in a sexual and romantic way
3. If we haven’t fucked
4. If we haven’t yet grown to build that deep sexual and emotional
connection.
5. Then I have already moved on, fast.
I am not their friend. I don’t want to be their friend. I’m not interested in their
friendship either. I am far too busy building my assets in life and focusing on my
lovers and relatives, and got guy friends anyway. Tons of them.
You don’t go to a girl or ﬁx a girl. She doesn’t need ﬁxing and if there is any
ﬁxing, she has an industry ready and waiting to do so..
If she says no, you do not supplicate.
You avoid being some nice guy who puts her on a pedestal, trying to prove
anything like you go no choices and options in life.
If you haven’t got those choices and options then get busy creating them.
The faster you learn to move on…the faster you grow, learn, be self aware, become
skilfull, gain lots of experiences and knowledge.
The faster you get to a girl to ﬁnd the experience is great, connection is great and
she wants to also be part of your life.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

What's an original ﬁrst text to send after you got her number?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on what you want in a woman. It all about the approach and interaction
you had with her.

Also, if you’re approach and interaction was weak, if you didn’t show intent, and
gathered information about her while building attraction, then you got a tough
one because you don’t want..
1. Be friends
2. Like a brother
3. Like a girl-friend
4. Text pal
You want to use text to slam her breaks and then with the texting..building
attraction to be furiciously lustful, desiring, exciting to want to meet you NOW.
You got to think about the goal.
You don’t want, if you’re local and she is local, in same city, to text back and forth
like some friend, who wants to give her a shoulder to cry on. You want her
emotions to skyrocket, her imaginations of what can happen with you making
her excitedly wet and she got to meet you and I hope, when she does, you don’t
behave platonic.
Because you’re not meeting for friendship.
So forget all this “what’s up,” and “hey, how you doing,” and “hey,” because it
means nothing, it doesn’t engage and it sure doesn’t tell her why she needs to
drop whatever she is doing to text back and get it rocking and rolling.
1. Use text to lead to the goal
2. When you meet ﬂirt, use physical touch when conversing face to face.
Because if you’re not a skilled and experienced in texting, conversation with
phone, messages and haven’t years of experience to make a woman wet, forget
texting back and forth for long duration, forget phone call for 30 minutes, and cut
it real short, to lead to meeting her face to face.
Use the text to spike attraction and lead to meet face to face.
My text will be diﬀerent to yours.
Reason being is I know what I want in a woman, and I go to places where women I
desire are. The interaction will be very diﬀerent to yours.
I don’t play safe and I sexualise indirectly and later directly and escalate the shit
out of things quickly.
Women I am into love this and so I am not into every woman. I screen and ﬁlter
due to how I behave because I know what I want.
My text, the ﬁrst won’t always be like this. It’s due to information I gathered
when I approached.
I am not using her real name. I found out when I approached, she loves spy
movies and she watched 50 shades grey and darker, and into bondage, etc. So I
use what I have either as call back text humour or role play humour…
Example..
Me - tssshhhhh….message to Agent Helen…we have a mission… red
alert..tssshhhh…enemy spies everywhere tsshhhhhhh…must have stellar cover
up role play…50 Shade XXX style has been intiated.” - Master Adam
(15 minutes go by….and…)
Helen - Haha. Tssssh…agent Helen ready for duty Master…tssshhh…what shall I
wear to distract enemy spies and what code when we meet Master?

(one hour goes by as I’m tube station traveling…..and I text..)
Me - Headqaurters outlined sexy short dress, high heels..tshhhhh….code when
we meet..ttsssh…hand me your nickers wearing nothing
underneath..tsssssh….kiss immediately passionately…embrace…slap on your
ass..Roger..”
(5 mins after…)
Helen - ..tsshhh….love this…I mean master…location..?
Me - Kasbah bar…london road…tssshhh 8pm…”
Helen - Roger Master Adam…I’m so fucking excited!”
Me - Tssshh…whipped cream on the horizon
Helen - Mmmmm…YES! See you 8pm..Master.
Notice something?
I go right into the goal. I lead.
I don’t date women. I date lovers.
She will meet me as a lover, and behave as one as I do and have done from the
very beginning when I approached.
If your approach is weak, it does impact everything later on.
15k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Giulio Angius

Is there any reason why a guy won't give a girl his number?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be the following….
1. He’s rejected you but done it in a way to make it sound nice. He has met
you twice and so, he probably feels to hold on and see what he can get
from the dating website.
2. Even if he’s on a dating website, it maybe, he is just there like most
women, for attention only. It’s for his ego and nothing else.
3. It maybe that he has already dated from the website or has given his
number to women, who ﬂaked, who messed him around, who didn’t
follow through and so he is now a little reluctant.
4. It maybe, he is playing hard to get and so he is trying to get you to feel he
has value, like what most women do, behaving like some trophy to be
chased.
5. It maybe he is dating other women already but isn’t saying so, and wants
to see what happens to them. So you could be a standby.
What to do?
Have standards in which, if someone doesn’t show clear intent, takes action,
moves forward..to eliminate them, screen them out and do not wait and make
them a priority. Instead have lots of other men and begin screening them out, or
in, and focus on the one does follow through without excuses.
So what’s your standard?
How do you measure who to put time in?
Let’s get an example..

1. Isn’t playing hard to get
2. Is fast in response and you meet
3. Gives you his number
4. Is proactive in setting up other dates
5. Communicates consistently, maybe once or twice a week.
I call them boundaries, on how I like to be treated.
How do you like to be treated?
Put that in place and if someone doesn’t treat you in that way, put an action
place.
Problem
Isn’t giving me number and I am not sure what’s going on. Uncertain.
Solution
Must make sure I have other men on my funnel to see, date and not wait. Until I
ﬁnd a guy I feel is treating me way I want to be treated.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

I’m a girl. Is it weird that I want my ﬁrst kiss to be with a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Weird? No. You might be curious or you might desire girls for real. It’s not weird.
It’s what you feel and what you feel and desire is not normal or abnormal. It’s
what you feel and what you want to experience.
It’s not weird. It’s not abnormal. It’s not normal. It’s not any of the labels the
world try to shove down your throat.
It’s…
You are a girl who is interested in wanting to make your ﬁrst kiss with a girl.
That’s really what it is.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What things would girls suggest doing in bed to make sex
kinkier?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s see….
1. Wax Play. Low temperature candles, dripping wax on body.
2. Ice cube. Creating a path and man do women love it when I suck ass
while eating them out
3. Food play. Use fruits such as strawberries, grapes, cherries and yeah,
banana’s and add some running ﬂowing syrups or whipped cream, or
chocolate, and let it drip on the body and Mmmmm.
4. Tickling: feather and other items to you
5. Chocolate day: paint a path and follow, lick and make your lover go wild
as they feel their hyper sensitive body buck as you travel down…down.
Take your time, use all kinds of motions, change patterns by creating
diﬀerent paths and swirling tongue, kisses and ﬁngers, like a thousand
lips… tongues and thousand ﬁngers are caressing your lovers body.

6. Pleasure of sweet pain. Strong and Mild pain. From ﬂogging, whipping,
to spanking. Tied and untied, biting, scratching on body as you pound
each other,
7. It’s Electric. This can get real intense. You can buy electric rods and
control to diﬀerent levels. I had one woman who wanted this while tied
up. So stabs of electric shocks and she just loved it. You can also get them
for anal and other parts and not just for full body.
8. Orgasm Control: being in control of when the submissive achieve
orgasm, either by physical means or by command; typically involves
domination and/or excessive teasing and edging.
9. Master / Pet: Engaging in a domination/submission relationship, played
between at least two characters, and in which the bottom character takes
on the roles of a pet; typically a training-based scenario with positive
10. Leash & Collar: adorned with a collar that will be attached to a leash.
11. Kinbaku: A Japanese style of sexual bondage which involves tying up,
simple yet visually intricate patterns of rope, usually to elevate pleasure
while also immobilizing them (prevents movement).
12. Genital / Nipple piercing: The act of piercing the nipples or genitals,
sometimes as a symbolic gesture, or receiving such; often painful.
13. Harnesses: Engaging one of then lovers will wear a bondage harness
across his or her body.
14. Hand Cuﬀs: partially immobilize/restraining your lover during the role
playing acts.
15. Costume role play. Teacher and student, uniforms, and many more.
You get the idea ;)
16. Strip tease. Sexy lingeria or guy wears something and does it. I love a
woman who dances and strip teases and watch the sexy show right in
your bedroom.
17. Voyeurism: The act of watching in secret as your lover has sex with
someone else or masturabting.
18. Blind fold: and massage and I really mean massage, and not some 5 min
shit. I mean full hour. Take time and then end with your lover orgasms.
19. Masks: designed typically to conceal the wearer's identity as you act a
scene of your favourite movie ;)
20. Masturbate in front of your lover as they cover you with caresses and
kisses.
21. Fuck machine: while your lover watches or turning the speed or just
watches.
22. Threesome ;)
Far too many to mention but there we go.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you feel when your girlfriend move around wearing
micro-mini skirts, short tops, short revealing garments? What
would you suggest to your girlfriend about this?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m very good at knowing what I want in a woman and so since I want a woman
who is sexually conﬁdent, conﬁdent in her body, conﬁdent in herself and she
dresses in whatever she wants, then it won’t be a problem.

I’d also know she is mature to dress in a certain way for certain environments. I
don’t let my dick decide for me and then whine about what she wears later on. I
get to know the girl ﬁrst, and know her values.
Hell, I get to know her utmost desires, and boundaries, her style, what she thinks
and all rest and that’s before I even meet because I’m fast, and good at knowing
what I want and conﬁdent to ask, and know without fearing losing the girl.
I’m not going to then force my opinion on a girl, suggest even, because I don’t
need to. Yes, I know, it’s her body blah blah. I understand that.
But I make due diligence early on.
So if my lovers wear..

Or..

Or…

Or..

Or..

I already know and it’s not a concern to me.
I know who the women I am dating, in relationship with and so, it won’t be news
to me and therefore I don’t need to suggest anything.
Rather, know the girl you want to date and be in relationship with.
That conversation should have been done before all this dating, relationship and
her being a “girlfriend.”
Sure, if some faulty wardrobe, or something like that, I’d say but what she wears,
meh. I’m not going to suggest a damn thing.
I know what I wanted in a woman and if they wear any of what I shown here,…
kudos to them. I’d love it. I’d love whatever my lovers wear.
37.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is a guys biggest turn on in bed?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. Every guy is diﬀerent. Some don’t even want sex and some
do. Some are high sexuals like myself, dominate, like to lead, love rough sex, and
some don’t. Some like bondage and all sorts like I do, some don’t.
So I can’t speak for every guy.
Best way to communicate but for me…it’s threesome. FFM.
If it’s two women who know each other, friends, man that’s even hot, real hot and
a turn on for me.
I knew one young woman, let’s call her Anna, who I met at a wedding. She later
asked..

Her - So what do you think if my close friend, Emily?
Me - I think there’s an adventure in then horizon ;)
Her - Haha. I like how you said that
A couple of days later we met and it lead to going to her house. She said she
wanted me to show her new paintings ;).
Lead to having sex on settee, ﬂoor, table, and later lead to her bedroom. Lots of
foreplay ﬁrst though. She liked being tied up and so it lead to the bedroom and
got real kinky, and as the room was ﬁlled with her groaning and crying out with
pleasure, I heard door and then steps. I didn’t stop, it was on hot, going crazy and
was about to cum, until….the bedroom opened, while Anna was in a reversed cow
girl position.
I tohought, “shit, it’s her boyfriend and she didn’t tell ,me she has one!”
But what walked into the bedroom was Emily.
She had a long black jacket and with her devilish look on her face, and Anna was
acting like it was normal. It was all planned.
She and Emily had already talked about having sex with a guy but didn’t know
how to really do so until now. They are both very close friends and it dawned on
me the hints Anna was giving me about Emily. I later learnt they had enough of
young guys, wanted more experience, wanted an older guy and someone they can
experience threesome and more not just as a one oﬀ instead of having diﬀerent
men.
Emily opened her long black Jacket and she wore sweet white lace lingerie and so
began the threesome that lasted two years.
So it wasn’t just threesome that was hot but also they were two friends, that I
liked about it. No drama, no jealousy, and I liked how they loved each other, and
seeing them pleasure each other with me.
So yes, threesome but not every guy is into threesome.
I am, love it. It’s a huge turn on for me.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why would some men just enjoy pleasuring the girl and ask
nothing from them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because I am a sexual lover who..
1. Loves giving…. because it gives me great pleasure, amazing satisfaction,
an incredible feeling to know the utmost deepest sexual desires to the
kinky, of a woman. For her to open up to a man and fear no judgment,
knowing she will be satisﬁed and pleasured, to experience all women say
to me, is a turn on. It gives me deep pleasure.
2. To text, phone and send messages that makes her heart race, for her to
tell me she is so wet and turned on by what I sent, and for her to rise to
challenge, sending me same and even hardcore images and videos, and
of herself, and knowing it is helping her grow in conﬁdence and she loves
it, gives me pleasure.
3. To take my time to foreplay with just kissing and touching for 20 minutes
and more, for her to get wet, gives me pleasure.
4. I love taking my time, to pinning women to wall, taking my time to do all
she has told me she desired, in way she desires, and seeing her body rock

to and for as I eat her out.
5. I love the way a woman loves sweet pleasurable pain and she desires it,
and she experiences rough sex with me, and that gives me pleasure.
6. To feel her body tighten, her legs quiver, her sexy dirty words, her
whimpering, groaning and screams and cries of pleasure, is pleasure for
me.
7. To feel the rhythm of her body and she knows it’s going to keep going, as
her body goes into spasms, and she has multiple orgasms.
8. To see her body continue to shake even after she has cum, and cry out of
pleasure, is incredible and it gives me pleasure.
9. To ﬁnd her relax, and kissing her all over her body to then ﬁnd she wants
more, gives me pleasure
10. To ﬂood the bed with all her gorgeous wetness and seeing her chest rise
up and down, and her smiling, and cuddling close, and her pleasure
quenchged, for now, gives me pleasure.
11. And if it was only just caressing, foreplay and eating her out, for her to
orgasm again and again…that will give me pleasure.
I love it. It’s me and part of me and my lifestyle.
That’s why I enjoy pleasuring women.
14.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is this girl just politely saying "f oﬀ"? Before our 1st date, she
said she should stabilize herself after a recent bad relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Way to go and frame it in a way that you don’t want to fuck her. That’s like saying
to her..
1. You don’t ﬁnd her attractive
2. You are thinking of harming her
Her reply to you was sarcastic in that..
“Oh so you think I’m not attractive? Then go and fuck yourself.”
Or even..
“Oh trying to impress me being a nice guy. I don’t trust you. Something is up with
you..”
That killed attraction. It killed the mood.
She did it in a way to not cause conﬂict and now…it’s done.
Best you move on and learn to not say such things to impress. You talk like you’re
guilty about something. Stop apologising in being a man and about your
sexuality….and just focus on the girl, than what she is thinking to get validated.
Right now, you need to back oﬀ, and approach other girls because damage is done
here. If she wants to contact to resume, fair enough but don’t wait for her, she’s
not only girl on the planet and you need to approach other girls and….improve
your approach.
No more telling girls what you won’t do and keep it positive, fun, playful not
serious, and relax.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I work with asked for my number but still has yet to hit
me up. It’s been a week and we see each other everyday. Is she
not interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It took a lot to ask for your number. It’s not easy to do for most girls. So if she
asked for your number, you needed to ask for hers, and ﬂirt, be playful and you…
call her.
You didn’t and you see her every day and you’re passive about it.
That’s tells her, you’re not the type to lead, you just don’t get it and so, she
probably realised you are a nice guy, and she can’t have then exciting adventure,
learn as well, grow, with wild sexual beast.
Or it could be…she just went and got your number to show to other guys to get
some guy to move his ass.
Or to show to girls she got backbone and get them talking.
Or it might be for work purpose.
You never know until you talk and ask about it.
Plus do you want to start something close to work?
341 Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible for a below-average looking person to date/marry
someone who is good looking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you haven’t got the looks the way mainstream projects every second of the day,
7 days a week, then you need to appreciate the following..
You need to get your ass in gear and invest in yourself because it is possible
but you need to really get with investing in skills.
1. Social skills.
2. Conversation skills
3. Being dominant without being an asshole
4. Knowing how to lead
5. Willing to take the risks. Lot more risks than most guys will take
6. Understand how to behave in diﬀerent social dynamics.
You can make an average amazingly stunning.
It takes work but it can be done but you also need the following….
There are women, attractive women who seek a man of knowledge. They want a
man of experience, of wisdom, knowledge and you demonstrate this in your life
anyway by your achievements. You don’t need to say as they can see.
There are women who get turned on literally by a man who can help them with
their life in regards to knowledge, insight, pathways, experience and process of
how to get to A and B and C.
There are women who want a man who is conﬁdent to such a level, they know
this guy is someone who can handle a woman who is sexually conﬁdent, who can
be who she is, can be so open and for her to know she can without being judged.

There are women who desire a creative man in the arts, and who can paint naked
women, landscapes with such passion they can’t help but be attracted to his
passion, his ﬁre for what he loves doing.
There are women who love a man who can spit words out to make even
shakespear look like an amateur and make her body tingle and her pussy wet.
And yes, there are women who desire a man who is ﬁnancially stable, got wealth,
assets but it’s his power they are drawn to and how he has the experience, skill,
knowledge to be a master of wealth than it’s slave.
So if you haven’t got the looks, you can still build on what you have.
I’m sure you’ve seen bankers who haven’t the looks, to business men, to sports
ﬁgures, to all kinds of men who haven’t the looks but got something of value that
women of stability…desire.
This is called absolute value.
Such women look for this value when they want to settle down. In begining it is
sexual appeal but later, when they had their fun, they want stability value. The
absolute value, the long-term. Stability.
So create that stability in your life. Invest in yourself but also know how to project
and get social out in the world. You need to know how to put what you have and
project it all as a package in an attracive manner.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

What makes men think they can ask a woman on a dating site
out, when they know she is completely out of their league?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….
1. Men can and have done so long before you was born to approach and ask
women.
2. That is the reality of life and has been for a very long time.
3. Because that is the dating site policy. To use it to contact women and any
women. If any woman or man don’t like the policy..they can leave the
website and ﬁnd a website that has a rule men cannot contact women
out of their league, which means they lose business. After all, women are
the bait, the hook to get these men on these website or there will be no
business for them.
4. Because they don’t live in the illusion that there is a league and don’t see
women as trophies, as products, as properties with a price tag that says
this product is expensive and this product is cheap.
5. They don’t see league in level as you do. That you’re average and not
really out of their league.
6. Because they got balls and believe they can do so anyway and if they do
enough of it, they’ll ﬁnd a woman who does say “yes.”
Plenty more reasons I’m sure but that’s what I can think right now from top of my
head.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

I’m in love with two guys. Both are my boyfriends. What should
I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You lucky woman because..
1. Double penetration is on the horizon and if you talk to women who
experience it, and love it, they’d tell you, double penetration is amazing.
I’m more of a FFM but hey, whatever ﬂoats your boat.
2. If they both love you, then shoot the champagne bottle open, especially
if you have been honest and open with them both. You got yourself a
threesome ready to blaze through the night like it’s a hot sexy party.
3. Maybe it’s a poly.
But if you haven’t been honest in letting them know, you now have to let them
both know and see where the chips fall.
36k Views · View Upvoters

Which kind of clothes do you like on the opposite gender and
why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s a diﬃcult questions because I like diﬀerent type of clothes and they all
have a certain style and function, and also depending on the environment, and
where we are.
But here goes…
1. Jeans with top back revealing…

2. Overalls…
You can wear these in diﬀerent ways if you put some creativity into it. It doesn’t
have to be full length. You’ll see you can add colour and also reveal shoulders

3. Baggy ﬂowing jumper with shoulder revealing…

4. Gorgeous mess baggy clothes…

And….

5.. Tight short dress

6. Long Boots…

7. Flowing Maxi Dresses..with ﬂowery pattern

8. For sexual pleasure

9. After sex…

10. For sleeping…

Nothing. Naked ;)
210 Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my boyfriend to want to have sex with me more?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can see people have given you some great advise but I’m going chime in with a
diﬀerent perspective.
Look. I’m high sexual and I’m going to have to say, this is a compatibility issue
now with your relationship.
Sex is important to you, it gives you pleasure and he’s not interested and doesn’t
see it that way.
I know this may seem harsh but if he can’t even get out of the fucking car, to go
into a sex shop, then he only gives a shit about him being satisﬁed once a week
and he’s not that interested even to do the work to make it happen with you.
Even sitting down, talking, communication, ﬁlling forms, whatever, he’s not
going to do any of that. He’s not that interested with having lots of sex. He hasn’t
got it in him and the thing is, you are trying to change this guy from a guy who
just sees sex as something as nothing but a fuck…..to a guy who desires to
pleasure you and is into sex, and loves it and kinky and etc.
From reading your comments he doesn’t look like this is him at all.
I don’t see that with this guy. I see all the signs where you’re going to do all the
trying, all the work and he’s not going to do anything except when he wants a
fuck and only then.
It’s not even about opening him up more.
It’s compatibility issue.
He doesn’t see it as important as you do. He doesn’t see pleasuring you as
important part of the relationship, nor experiencing and exploring together as
lovers who want to come closer to each other. He just sees sex as a bedroom thing,
a fuck, aonce a week.
You know….no connection.
He’s a guy where when he wants it, then he’ll talk about it, do something about it,
because he wants to cum, and not really to pleasure you, but for nothing else
but…release. I know, I sound like a right asshole for saying that. It’s ok. I’m used
to it.
If you step back and look at the it all, you’ll see that for yourself.
You probably did all sorts and he just brushes it all oﬀ like it’s nothing.
That’s what I feel I am seeing here.
I don’t think communicating and all that is going to do much good with the
boyfriend you have.
Compatibiluty. is an attitude.
Two people agtree to work together on a process for each oher’s happiness. I only
see one doing that….you.
He hasn’t got the attitude. The passion to want to even talk about it, discuss, work
with you and see it as connecting closer with you.

You can dress sexy, you can watch porn, you can do whatever…it’s not going to do
much good with this guy from what I see.
I hope it works out for you both but I see compatibility issue here.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

How should I deal with a guy who has a girlfriend, whose also
sleeping with another girl at the job and also trying to get in my
panties?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re not interested in the guy, say you’re not interested.
But if you try to go to the girlfriend then it can happen where my girlfriend
replied back to one girl..
Girl -I have to tell you something
Girlfriend - Yes?
Girl - You’re man is blah blah
Girlfriend - So threesome is in the horizon. Mmm, love that.
Girl - Oh
Girlfeiend - Yes, oh.
So if you’re not interested, say so to him you’re not interested and leave the
girlfriend alone.
It’s that simple. Don’t get into someone’s business or he will make it his business
to deal with you at work.
If he’s conﬁdent which most women love calling that as “player,” he will also be
conﬁdent to deal with you at work.
Don’t create drama or drama will come at you.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you have sex so often?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have sex daily because..
1. I’m very attracted to the women I have sex with. It’s a turn on always
when I’m with lovers and also women I ﬁnd attractive.
2. Sexual Pleasure. I want that sexual connection with women. The touch of
her smooth skin, the curves, the smell, the whimpering, groaning and
screaming out of pleasure.Feeling her whole body tight and go into
spasms and seeing her expressions on her face, and the eyes close and
she arches her back and her pelvis lifts up, and her leg shake, her breasts
and nipple swell, knowing wherever I touch it’s hyper sensitive.
3. High sexual drive.
4. Just can’t get enough of the experience everytime I have sex.
5. I love dominating sexually, from doing all the sexy kinky dirty playing
with a sexually conﬁdent woman. I am into submissive women who like
the kinky rough sex and also slow love making sex.
6. Gain more experience, improving and learning so much more.
7. Trained in gym for sex with weights and ﬁtness cardio, and love looking
good and hearing women when shirt oﬀ “YES! OMG FUCK! YES! YES!” I
can tell women must have had some guys who were in poor body shape.

8. Keeps me in an awesome positive mood.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Can you trust anybody in life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
Your life and experiences are diﬀerent to mine. I have a lot of people I trust and
who trust me. Granted, there were times when I found later on I couldn’t trust
some people but…the diﬀerence is this…
I don’t see the world the way I want to see it but accept it for how it is.
In other words, I accept some people will dissappoint themselves, they’ll be
dishonest, they’ll wear social mask but what I can do is be honest with myself and
in how I deal with people.
That is all I have control of and nothing else.
So my expectations with people isn’t high. The person has to rise up to create
these moments in consistent actions and behaviour.
Most of the time, I feel people can see the red ﬂags but what happens is they don’t
want to see them due to their need for validation, acceptance or something else.
Sometimes the ego gets in the way.
If I don’t trust then how do I expect anyone to trust me?
I know, 100% I won’t let someone down intentionally and if I do, I will apologise
with deep sincerity because the last thing I ever want to do in this life is hurt
someone. I know how it feels and I don’t want someone feeling that because of
me, and I hope people who know me, will always let me know, so I have the
chance to grow, learn, be a beter human being and a lover, or a friend, or a
business associate.
You see, I cannot live my life expecting the worse of people because I can’t. It’s
not me. I can’t live my life thinking of loss of abundance or lack of abundance,
and instead I see abundance and I do so naturally as it’s part of my thinking now
and I behave this way.
I behave that I am valuable and who breaks that trust is the one who loses the
most. I give more but I don’t give to want something back like it’s some craving in
which I rely on for validation. Rather I give to pleasure, to serve, to enrich and
well, if someone fucks that up, it is their loss not mine.
I see the good in people until they screw up but I also give room for empathy,
change, understanding and to build on.
Because…
How does a man expect for example a woman to be open, show her vulnerability,
her utmost desires and all the kinky ways she wants to experience…if a man don’t
ever trust anyone but himself?
Always he lives like most people, projecting his experience of the past
relationships onto other women.
Like wise with woman. How does she expect trust from the man if she cannot be
open with him regarding her desires, her utmost deep fantasies, her concerns to
experience all she desires for real, and if both desire to build on into a
relationship?

A woman tied up, on bed, legs apart with handcuﬀs needs trust both ways.
Meeting a man and a man meeting a woman for the ﬁrst time, and being alone for
hot sexy foreplay, pounding, thrusing and even giving her sweet painful pleasure
because she likes pain takes trust. How can that happen without trusting each
other?
It can’t.
There is something going on at a deep level that gets a person to build
connections with people to be at a point, in which one gets really hurt deep inside
to feel that they cannot trust anyone in his world.
I can only speak for myself in saying…
I see way back in past of many such incidents in where some broke my trust but I
also needed to take responsibility that some of it was also my own doing. I was
very naive back then, very young and I did things sometimes for the wrong
reasons.
I didn’t know what is important to me, what my values are, what my desires are,
what my boundaries are and was in the realm or mindset of fearing loss.
When we live in that plane then we can easily be blinded by avoiding to see the
red ﬂags that seem so quite, so hidden and yet if we truly observe, we will hear
and see these red ﬂags like thunder and lighting.
Sometimes it is our own way of doing.
Like it happens long before we meet the people to build connections and
relationships. It is the perception of the person, how they see themselves, the
world, and in seeking some meaning.
Doing so, the person doesn’t behave in a manner to have an opinion and so one’s
own values are not shared to whoever they meet due to fear of not being accepted
and validated.
So way back, I knew I had a lot of work to do within myself and I worked at it.
That doesn’t mean I still don’t ﬁnd people break the trust but I minimize negative
emotional impact it has on me.
I have far more people who I trust, who have always been consistent as I have
with them. I minimized it by working on myself.
It is an understanding of one-self in which he doesn’t react to the world but
responds in having the wisdom, knowledge, skills, emotional intelligence as well
being self aware on why he or she builds relationships with so, so. Also the
expectations one has in their mind about someone.
Yes, you will get dissappointed by people but what then is your expectations on
people you trust?
What boundaries do you have?
Do you stand up to your boundaries?
Have you explained these boundaries?
How long did you get to know someone, their values, and see who they associate
with?
What is the line in which one crosses and how you communicate when it
happens, and how do you grow from it with empathy, understanding and the
wisdom?
How do you minimize the psychological and emotional negative impact on you?

The world isn’t predictable.
People want to make it predictable.
So yes, I do trust some people in my life because I don’t want to live life in fear, in
not taking risks, in not embracing the adventure, the opportunity to know
someone new. I give that moment a chance and if it works, it works.
If it doesn’t, it will bring me more lessons about myself. It be diﬃcult. I’m sure it
be harder but I believe it is for that reason, that resilience, that insight that has
helped me attract wonderful people, women as lovers, to professionals for work
and connections that are rich with meaning.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you crave hard sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I do, a lot.
It’s part of the lifestyle, part of who I am, and also it’s because I’m also not
ashamed or guilty about it, or have any insecurities regarding sex. I see it as the
most natural thing and one of the most beautiful experience in world.
Love the slow love making to the fast, pounding rough sex, and can go on for an
hour to two. I am very sexual and ﬁt, so I can go on for a couple of hours and
more.
Thing is, I can’t be in relationship with a woman who doesn’t crave sex either and
is has some skewed perception about it. She has to be sexually conﬁdent, not just
physically but in interaction verbally, when we converse because I can’t stand
small talk, and I can’t stand when avoiding talking about it like it’s some secret to
be ashamed about or guilty about.
I love sex, where i am dominating role, and love submissive women, and that
doesn’t mean I walk all over a woman, but it just means she likes a Masculine
man, who can lead, who wants to pleasure her and she knows for certain I’m not
some shy guy, a passive guy, timid guy, or some guy she has to hide her desires
but…a man who she can experience all her kinky fantasies and sexual desires.
I love the pinning woman on wall, taking command, saying all the kinky sexy
dirty words, feeling control while at the same time she feels safe, secure, and
knows she is going to have an amazing experience, in which all she has shared
with me is going to happen.
It’s not always fast, rough, hair pulling, ass slapping, thrusting, pounding,
discipline, light bondage, heavy bondage, mild biting, scratching on my back ;),
mild and strong sweet pleasurable pain, but there are times there is also lots of
foreplay, kissing, caressing, sucking, eating her her out until she orgasms
multiple times, to slow love making to escalate to the fast, rough pounding and
thrusting ass slapping sex, diﬀerent positions, as I hear the groaning and
woman’s screams of pleasure ﬁlls the room.
So yes, it’s part of my life, I love sex, I crave it and it’s the most natural thing in
the world for me. Love it.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is sex necessary in a relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, Very important and I’m speaking personally. Some may think it’s overrated
but for me it’s important for relationship. In fact, much of my approach with
women is I don’t hide my sexuality and behave in a manner from day one in
sexualisation indirectly and later directly when ﬂirting starts heating up.
That’s why for me, one of the compatibility factor I look for is sexual conﬁdence
in a woman, can talk about it, can share her desires and fantasies, and kinky
fantasies like it’s the most natural thing in the world.
I admire women who do that and when I ﬁnd women who are up their asses in
making sex a big issue, a big deal, all that talk that men just want sex, and how
man is a player, I personally know, she’s not compatible and not interested in
taken on her psychological position in sex or her insecurities.
But in regards to why I feel sex is necessary…
1. Connects.
I express with physical touch, passion and sex. It brings lovers closer.
Very early on I sexualise, very early on I am ﬂirtng, playful, and very
early on I am physical. I crave sex, desire it and do not apologise for it.
Not into meeting for being friends or pretending to do so. Plenty of
women sexually conﬁdent and desire the same so I behave true to what I
desire.
I desire that connection, closeness and sex does it.
2. Conﬁdence.
You’re naked with your lover and all inhibitions are gone, and you feel a
growth of conﬁdence because not only did you share your utmost desires
but you’re fulﬁlling them with your lover, and it’s amazing feeling. It’s
incredible being with someone who has experience, who desires to
pleasure you in all ways you desire.
You don’t feel guilty, shamed or worried but rather you feel conﬁdent as
you have lots of sex with your lover and each time you’re growing less
inhibited, less concerned about much that you were regarding
expectations of whether you’re some sex godess or not. It boosts your self
esteem and conﬁdence as you let go, and both pounding away, sweat,
body in spasms, groaning and screaming out of pleasure.
3. Stress Release
I remember one of my lovers took my advise and she went further. She
banged camera on and began caressing her body, oil all over her, and
began masturbating with a fuck machine, and other tools, and orgasmed
3 times and squirts as well.
She told me, it was the best fucking advise I ever gave to her when she
felt stressed and she wished she wasn’t so damn stubborn, insecure
about her body and to share with me until I met her in Switzerland. So
even when you haven’t a lover, your can give self love to yourself and
arouse yourself, let go and enjoy pleasuring yourself while sharing with
your love which creates the sexual tension as well, both ways.
With sex in physical with your who you are having sex it gets your heart
pounding and in theory it is a pathway of the brain are triggered and it’s
eﬀects is a little more lasting than you would think, which also gives you
a better mood. It’s why I have sex often and women I have sex with feel
the same way too. It’s a stress releaser.
4. Improve your health
It is physical. It gets your whole body and muscles going, and your heart

racing. So yes, it is a physical activity which engages not just your mind,
your imagination but also your heart, your muscles, and you can feel
your whole body tighting up as you come to the climax. It burns calories
like your excercising and the pleasure is incredible.
5. Immune System
Sex expert Yvonne K. Fulbright, PhD says, “sexually active people take
fewer sick days.” Now I don’t know that’s true but I don’t get sick often as
much as people I know and they don’t have much sex or don’t make time
to date, or fear rejection to get to that stage.
But it makes sense, because when sex has a higher levels of what defends
your body against germs, viruses, and other intruders and you do a lot of
sex, well it’s going to help your immune ssystem to keep humming away.
Researchers at Wilkes University in Pennsylvania found that college
students who had sex once or twice a week had higher levels of the a
certain antibody compared to students who had sex less often.
But that also means there are other factors, such as you do need to eat
right, have good diet, go and excercise, hit the gym, do some running, or
walking, drink water, and have good sleep. Just thought I through that in
just in case someone thinks they don’t have to do these steps.
6. Improves sleep
It’s not easy for me to sleep as I’m creative, got larger than life
imagination and projects that needs me to focus a great deal. Also
because I am creative in my work to a high level, it’s not easy to switch
oﬀ and sex…does that. Sex helps me sleep
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hee Xiang

How can you tell if a guy is into you or just friendly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What type of guy? If it’s a guy inexperienced, shy, socially awkward, it can be
diﬃcult and even if he’s conﬁdent, doesn’t mean he has high self esteem. So he
might also fear rejection and therefore you can never know by reading his mind
or how he touches, or whatever so many look for as hints and signals.
Now, if he’s a conﬁdent guy with high self esteem and he’s into you…it be so clear,
you’d be completely out of your head, spaced out with drugs if you couldn’t tell he
is into you ;)
Here’s why..
1. He will instantly be playful with you and ﬂirt
2. He will show his intent again and again, with his behaviour
3. He will get cheeky and it may seem cocky, relax. He’s being fun.
4. He will talk in an indirect way with sexualisation
5. He will immediately, when you say to him you want to meet him, give
you his number to text him and even call him. Or he will lead and give
his number to move forward.
Text the guy and ﬂirt like crazy when you know this guy is conﬁdent,
sexual, and has made it easier for you now to ﬂow with it. Don’t play hard
to get because if a guy like that comes along, he is skilled and he will get
so bored, instantly with that play hard to get and move on.

6. He will say he love to meet you, which means, he loves to meet you. I
would advise to take your time to know him, get some conversations
built before meeting him, be playful, fun, ﬂirt, don’t be so serious with
stories of bad times.
Instead be down to earth, fun so to get all the awkwardiness out of the
way, know where it’s going and if he’s conﬁdent, he will do just that.
But if the guy you’re with is being passive, then the only way is…ask him.
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would you think if a random unknown girl added you on
Facebook?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing strange about or weird about it. That’s what social media is about.
People ﬁnd who you are or saw you, and found your page and want to follow.
But I do the following anyway..
1. I would think it’s some girl wanting emotional support and she found me
on Quora or other sites. So I’d be wary and check her proﬁle account, her
activity, and then probably add if I see it’s very active but if I ﬁnd she
asks for dating advise or sad stories of ex… I will let her know the
boundaries. Not gioing to happen.
2. I’d think she’s a Ninja. Girl with backbone, and guts and very special,
unique if she read my answers and contacts me. She’s a brave soul,
probably an adventyerous, sick of nice guys, bored shit with guys she has
been dating and now wants to embrace the adventure. If conversation
great, she’s ﬂirty, hard core sexualisation, really going for it, then I move
to whatsapp.
3. Or it can be spam. Lots of accounts on facebook that are fake.
But apart from that, I don’t see it weird or anything if a girl sends a friend request.
As long you don’t play games, do all that hint stuﬀ and just…get on with it..if
you’re interested in the guy.
Or we get bored so fast you won’t believe.
It’s better to go for it and state why and let the chips fall where they may.
378 Views · View Upvoters

I fell in love with the idea of her, how can I fall in love with her
true self?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then it be as follows…
1. You must know her deepest desires, her utmost fantasies locked within
her, pushed down of fear of judgement.
2. To such when she does speak to not be shocked but to celebrate her
kinky deep desires she has locked inside of her that not even her friends,
relatives and anyone knows but she’d share them with you.
3. You must start to know what is compatibility and see now, whether there
is compatibility between you both
4. You must know her boundaries as she knows yours.
5. You must know her purpose in life or the concerns regarding it.

6. You must know her goals, aspirations, short and long-term
7. You must know why she didn’t pursue them and what help she desires if
she desires to pursue them
8. You must know what she likes to read, eat, drink, and her most
favourites.
9. You must walk in the journey and paths of memories she once walked
on, showing the places she grew up in, the stories in which made her
who she is, and the stories that forged her to be who she has become
10. You must venture to new landscapes to places a new, to learn much of
each other.
11. You must be patient and not forceful, but rather love unconditionally,
and continue to share your own utmost desires, fears and insecuriries as
she has shared hers.
12. You must water the garden, nuture it, consistently, daily, as she does the
same too.
13. It must be so the same with her with you like it is an exciting refreshing
new adventure.
14. Until it is not an idea you see but her fullness of who she is.
To such when you speak, when words ﬂow, without even a physical touch, her
body will tingle, her spirit will arch, her legs will quiver, her heart will race, her
imagination will soar, her body embrace the pleasure, her wetness ﬂows, and her
mind will say..
“I’m willing give my all to him as he has done so for me, unconditionally.”
In other words…
You must start all over again like it is the ﬁrst time you met her and take her on
then journey that is honest, authentic and credible for both of you.
But know this…
Infatuation is not a choice.
Love is a choice.
Hence, it must be both ways, in which she too decided to love you as you love her.
It takes committment, conviction, not immature words that are easily ﬂowed
from the lips of man and woman.
It takes action and showing vulnerabilty.
It takes…honesty.
4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nikki Ivanovic

How important is honesty in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. `When you are attracted to someone, you don’t give hints, signals, and
you say you are attracted to them. It’s important
2. Because if you want to know if the attraction is mutual then you need to
be honest with this person to ﬁnd out. If you lead with hints, it frames
the relationship later on to be awkward and frustrating.
3. When you communicate your desires, fantasies, your deepest desires,
and all the kinky ways you wish to experience. It’s important.

4. Because when you want to know the other person desires, fantasies,
deepest kinky ways they like to experience and you share yours with
conﬁdence, it reveals they won’t be judged.
5. And because now, you can smile so wide knowing you can both
experience it all, and hope the neighbours got ear plugs.
6. When you let go of inhibitions and show vulnerability, feelings,
tenderness, instead of projecting your negative past experience on the
relationship by being honest with yourself that’s what you’re doing. It’s
important.
7. If you work on yourself due to being self aware of your own psychological
decision and position regarding how you behave and how you see sex,
and life as well. It’s important.
8. If you want both, you and the other person to know each others
boundaries. It’s important.
9. If you want to build on what you have, make it an amazing relationship.
It’s important.
10. If you want to avoid drama, assumptions, manipulative games. It’s
important.
11. If you don’t like something and you communicate with love, with
empathy, compassion and kindness, so you can move forward together
and grow together. It’s important.
It’s not important telling someone nasty negative things about them, downing
them, making them feel small, judging them and devaluing them to feel better
about one self or advising someone who didn’t ask for the advice, or telling
someone what they are and deﬁning someone as who they are.
That is not our business and nor is it important but just ego.
Yes, honesty is important but be careful in doing it for ego and bitterness,
revenge, and to get oﬀ on it for satisfaction like it’s some game to win.
28.5k Views · View Upvoters

I let my boyfriend pee in my mouth and I enjoy swallowing it. Is
that normal? How many other couples have done that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you and he feel comfortable about it?
Do you and he get pleasure from it?
Are both loving this common festish?
Then awesome. Forget normal. It’s overrated. What matters is you both enjoy
doing whatever with each other, comfortable, and loving it.
Whatever ﬂoats your boat.
21.4k Views · View Upvoters

I really freaked a girl out. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s ﬁne.
She’s avoiding you because you got her interest, got her on ﬁre but did nothing.
You was passive, didn’t take action. So now she is upset or unsure if you’re really
interested in her.

So just go and talk to her and don’t ﬂirt too much, you did that already. You see
her, smile immediately, walk right up to her and take it from there.
Ask her out.
177 Views · View Upvoters

Do girls think about romance/dating often?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have to ask?
1. Billions of romance novels women buy
2. Billions made from romance movies
3. Women magazines selling oﬀ the shelf and about romance
4. Fairytale books from day they begin to read
5. Cartoons on the knight who saves damsel in distress and sweeps her oﬀ
her feet
And they dream of this prince charming, who makes their heart race, pounding
through the chest, as he says the right words, at the right time, and like a
mysterious Masculine guy, who says things and does things that most guys won’t
do.
He ﬁres up her imagination and she imagines the pleasures, the rough sex, the
pleasure and the touch of pain or more pain and yet pleasure, and her minds runs
wild, for that day to come.
He makes her feel special, unique, that she is the only woman on this planet. Just
by his words her legs quiver, her breast and nipples swells and she can even
imagine the ﬁrst kiss on her neck as his ﬁrst touch and kiss ﬁlls her up for her
entire body starts to go into spasms with words of…
“ARE YOU GOING TO SERVE THE CUSTOMER OR WHAT?”
She wakes up back in Sainsbury’s to a que of customers and gets back to the
mundane, tedious life.
Yes but…
It is the feeling, the escape, the excitement, the adventure, the heart pounding,
heart racing, wetness pulsating and throbbing, the special feeling, instead of the
numbness of the day to day same old routine life of feeling like she’s not special,
not unique, and just…like..everyone else.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do men prefer red lipstick or a more natural lip color on a
woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men is generalising, we’re all diﬀerent. What you want to do? Buy a the whole
store of colours to accommodate every man?
If you do, can you get that bright red one, and that pink one too. No, stay away
from that black gothic look for pete sake. YES, that bright glossy red and the pink
one. Mmm, awesome ;)
Ok I like to share something most women miss the point.

It’s all ﬁne buying those lip sticks and sure, that might get our attention but
keeping a man’s attention is very diﬀerent.
Now, let’s go further on what you do with your luscious lips…
It’s not just what a woman wears or colour.
It’s what she does with the colour she wears….

Now we are talking ;)
7.3k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Do guys ﬁnd girls that are smart attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes if girl is…
1. Smart enough to know how to emotionally and psychologically connect
with the guy.
2. Smart enough to know how to ﬂirt
3. Smart enough to be responsibile with her sexuality and stop bitching
about how men “use her” when she can say no about sex. It’s ok to say no
to sex and it’s ok for a guy to say, “ok bye.” It’s ﬁne, no judging each other,
leave it at.
4. Smart enough to leave behind all the hints, signals and play hard to get
behind
5. Smart enough to turn him on and make him see that with her, the
experience will be amazing
6. Smart enough to shut up about how she has no friends, how she is such a
loner, how life is shit, and life is hard, because attraction is ﬁrst and that
kind of talk..is called comfort. Put comfort ﬁrst and it kills attraction.

7. Smart enough to then smile and say, “You know I like to meet you for
coﬀee and continue this,” and (winks, ﬂirts)
8. Smart enough to ask for his number
9. Smart enough to give hers
10. Smart enough to ﬂirt with text and lead to meet up
11. Smart enough when they meet she assumes she’s his girlfriend, smiles,
physical in holding his hand and kiss.
12. Smart enough to continue being fun, playful and not get so serious
13. Smart enough to avoid talking about who she loves, ex boyfriends, and
just focus on the guy she’s with..
Yes, some of us guys ﬁnd such smart girls very attractive ;)
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would men be turned oﬀ by a woman's history if she said she
was a loner and never had friends at school?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Instead I would be turned oﬀ by her talking herself down, on how she has no
friends and is loner. That she hasn’t got a clue how to build attraction and focus
on the guy instead of her sad story.
That will be a red ﬂag for me.
What’s the point telling that to a guy?
That’s the turn oﬀ there. Her attitude and understanding how to build attraction
with a guy she supposed to be attracted to.
It doesn’t make sense and it gets me wanting to walk away, and not bother.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I talk to a guy who knows I like him but we never
talked and I ignored him from the day he found out? I feel it's
too late to talk to him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s never too late to talk to a guy you’re attracted to.
Except that is if a girl pissed a guy oﬀ that he blocks her on phone and all social
media. That’s when it’s probably too late because most of us guys can’t be assed
with girls who do not show intent or ﬂirt at least to show their interest.
We can’t be assed with the emotional rollercoaster, games, play hard to get and all
the stuﬀ that comes with it. So we get bored or just not interested in the drama of
it all.
A guy cannot read your mind and we have had far too many occassions when we
ﬁnd girls just want attention, bored, want to kill time, and just want emotional
support.
It’s understandable you’re nerves got the better of you but if you really like this
guys, go for it. Try.
If you ignored him and he knows that then one of the attractive qualities is
showing vulnerability, being honest to someone, and just stating you was
nervous, or things was on your mind or whatever it is that got you to ignore him
without..blaming him or mentioning negative regarding him.

Sometimes that alone will make a man have empathy, or even feel it’s ﬁne, or sees
it attractive in you, as we are all human beings and well, dating and all that isn’t
easy at best of times.
To many wear social masks and all trying to be perfect.
So have a go, try, and see what happens.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I look at a guy in public to make him be attracted to
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction is not a choice. People have their own map in their mind what they are
attracted to but if you want to grab his attention then…
1. Walk around and past him but turn your head round and smile. The
smile is the key, eye contact. Show warmth in your smile, the eyes, all on
him.

2. Proximity. Turn your full body and say hi and start a conversation.
“You know I don’t do this often but I was walking to bank and just saw you, and I
FELT you’re someone to get to know..”

Now you got his attention.
Start talking, be playful, fun, ﬂirt and stay away from telling him your life story.
This isn’t about being serious but arousing him to want to see you again.
After conversation, some ﬂirting, you can end it with..
“You know I got to go but I’d like to continue the conversation over coﬀee or a
drink at the bar.”
See his response and if positive, exchange numbers.
Don’t over think it.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys ﬁnd it less attractive if a girl wears glasses?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the who is wearing the glasses. Some wear them can still look
attractive….

And look intelligent at the same time….

Some can also project themselves to look sophisticated, seductive and sexy at the
same time…

She can even look pretty cute and wild…

Some project a feeling of warmth and caring…

It depends on who is wearing the glasses.
Some look good in them and some don’t. End of the day, if you put glasses on or
oﬀ to attract guys, it won’t really matter.
It’s not as if you see a guy and you’re going to approach because anyone who asks
that question, will be over-thinking anyway to do so.
You can wear whatever but it’s not what you wear more than…..what you do with
what you wear.
Because some wait for…a guy…to approach and when it doesn’t happen for them
to think it’s the glasses, or they tall, or short, or this and that….when really, it’s we
don’t even notice the girl exists.
Why would we if she doesn’t make an eﬀort to even say…”Hi” and start ﬂirting,
showing interest and arouse our attention?
You’re over-thinking ;)
16.3k Views · View Upvoters

I plan to break up with my girlfriend because she dresses too
provocatively. I’m not a “controller” in the relationship. It’s not
that I don't trust her, but everything is hanging out when we go
out and it feels inappropriate. Am I wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not wrong at all if you want to break up with your girlfriend. You can break up for
whatever reason you want.
Sometimes, values can clash and sometimes it can clash so much it aﬀects other
things you feel important to you.
Compatibility can be a major issue in that how you see what is important and
what she sees what is important can be so diﬀerent, it just doesn’t work for both
of you.
Like, even respecting each other’s social dynamics. It may not be important for
her but it is for you, but since it’s not, well, it can cause problems for you later on,
in regards to relatives, family and so on, if this is important for you.
For me personally, I don’t care about those things but I do care about other
things, like a woman is high sexual, doesn’t follow norms, is direct in how she
desires me, sex and sexiness, and all that is something I like as well as beauty as I
am an artist and at times, and I do speak openly about sex, games women and
men play and I’m outspoken in what I think.
As you can see, this will also impact how I see the world, how I behave, and so for
some people, I’d be seen as an asshole, player, macho blah blah but I don’t give a

fuck really as they don’t give a fuck about me anyway.
But to women who are my lovers and even some women who are not, they see the
side of me no one will really ever see. And they are ﬁne by how I am but it be
diﬃcult for some women and even guys to associate with me and even….yes
even…vote on my answers as it shows to others who know them, follow them
what they are agreeing with or associating with.
For some people, that’s important to them and that’s ﬁne by me. It’s their values
and if it works for their life, kudos to them.
So if you feel for whatever reason you want to break up then it is your choice to do
so. You’re not wrong for doing so.
No one is really wrong to break up with anyone for whatever reason.
You got your own values and so, you do whatever you feel. It’s not wrong to want
to break up for whatever reason you have.
It is wrong to string someone along though, so if you’re going to break up, I hope
you do it fast so it limits the hurt and in an amicable way, and I’m sure you will as
I can see you care about her but it just seems some boundaries you feel is
important to you have been crossed over and over again.
I also feel she might in a sense feel it’s already coming anyway.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

Having sex with someone I haven’t slept with before makes me
a bit scared. Why, and what can I do to overcome this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re afraid probably because he hasn’t done much to build comfort and missed
that part and you also haven’t done so with him. That means, a lack of
communication. So go out together and ﬂirt, have fun, be playful with each other
instead of being all serious which creates awkwardiness.
Also get to know the guy as he gets to know you.
When comfort isn’t there, then it can be diﬃcult with sex expecially if you’re also
projecting some past experiences and expectations of future. Let go of
expectations and not see this as “must frame it into a relationship,” due to some
guilt regarding sex and conditioning.
But deﬁnitely take time to build comfort by knowing each other more. Go out and
walk, converse more and relax to get to know each other, be fun, playful, and let
go of expectations.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys tell their friends when they like someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If they are inexperienced, haven’t dated anyone, and get excited or their
personality is that - to tell their friends. However, I would never tell any friend or
anyone until I get it sorted because then no friend can say..
“But I like her too.
Best to keep mouth shut and get it sorted and forget saying anything to anyone.
You don’t need to when they can see anyway when you get serious with each
other.

Also you know people are ﬁckle so you never know how it pans out. People put
the cart before the horse far too often.
10k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl tells you, "I like talking with you
because I don't really text anyone much"? Last night, she said
we were friends.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me guess. You are attracted to this girl but you never showed intent so you
can move on or if she says yes, to move forward due to fearing rejection. Instead,
you behaved passive, platonic, like a friend, like a brother, like a sister.
Read this answers..
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when you asked a girl if there is a
chance to be more than friends but she don't answer, she keep changing topic?
And this..
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a girl says she has feelings for
me but is not ready for a relationship? What should I do?
She saw you from a mile oﬀ and she shares all her problems or always available as
you are, making you feel special, that because she does that you assume she is so
into you and there is hope. You are her emotonal tampon.
She gets a guy who spends lot of time being there, available, and on phone or face
to face, without ever committing. She gets all the resources from you that is
valuable - TIME.
You spend tons of time with her, you hang out, you watch movies, go out together
and what you don’t realise, she has framed this relationship as platonic, You are
her like her brother, her sister….her…..friend.
Then one day you get a little brave and text and she now has to psychologically
seduce you to put you down and let you know, she will never date you, nor have
sex with you and adds..
“We are just friends,” which is a warning to you that now you know that if you
persist investing time on her, it is all your fault.
Forget the texting, forget how she doesn’t like texting. Focus on how she now
framed this relationship - as a friend.
If you are attracted to her, too late.
You was too slow. You behaved like a friend, like a brother and spent way too
much time behaving that way and now if you even do anything to move it
forward, it won’t happen because she got used to you being her emotional
support, the emotional tampon, the guy who is available when she got time to
kill.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carolina Mendez

My boyfriend lied about graduating college, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what to do..
1. Get the balloons out
2. Bang out some drinks even if it’s shit drinks, nothing, like orange,
whatever.

3. Bang some snacks
4. Get some real good music
5. Plaster some writing on some paper that says “Congratulations.”
6. Invite as many of his friends and some relative he gets on with
Then call him and ﬁnd out when he’s coming home because (make something
up).
Then when he comes home….
SMILE! Hug him and tell him how proud you are tha he graduated and lead him
to the party and have fun.
There are times, people want to make their loved ones proud of them and so they
don’t say. They fear they let the expectations you have of them down.
That’s probably why.
Don’t be hard on yourself and on him.
Take advantage of it and turn it into something that builds on what you already
have.
10k Views · View Upvoters

What does one actually see as the “goal” from an infatuation?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can only speak for myself. When I see a woman I feel attracted to, my goal is to
ﬁrst ﬁnd out if I want to even date her. I’m not going to suddenly approach and
ask her out because of what I saw, although I am playful/ﬂirt.
It’s not about
Dating
Relationship
It’s not “oh let’s ask her out to get a yes.”
I need to know more than her appearance.
I see a woman attractive to me but I don’t know her personality, her vibe, her
attitude, her level of conﬁdence to decide if I want to spend a minute with her.
So my ﬁrst goal is..
“Do I want to invest more time with her?”
Throughout the interaction I am looking for:
1. Has she a positive vibe. Humour. Very important for me.
2. Her personality. Has she a bubbly down to earth personality, friendly
and I can see I can get along with her as she with me.
3. Her sexual conﬁdence. Is she playful, ﬂirts, engages.
4. Her social intuition. That she can converse. Sometimes you ﬁnd
awkwardiness which is ﬁne but even then, if you got conversation and
social skills, even with awkwardiness, a woman will talk
5. Her views. So I’ll playfully talk about something and want to see her
perspective

Now when I ﬁnd “Yes, I like to invest more time to lead to date her,” by ﬁnding
out if the attraction is mutual. Throughout from begining I have been playful,
ﬂirting to avoid traites most guys project.
All good….I suggest something and again, just to make sure, I frame it as sexual
and romantic not friendship.
22 Views · View Upvoters

How do you know when a guy has lost interest in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Sometimes a guy can be interested but similar with the girl, due to past
experiences, due to ego, due to psychological position, script in one’s
mind, and social norms bullshit, it becomes a guessing game. When that
happens, it’s due to both avoiding being open about their interest in each
other. Or one of them needs to take initiative to show vulnernability and
put it on line to see what the answer is.
2. He’ll not text and not message, not phone. Not because of lack of interest
because a guy can still be interested but it just seems the interaction is
boring, it’s not arousing and there isn’t clarity for him to really know a
girl is into him.
3. He’ll block on social media and that’s even if a guy is interested because
he probably had been messed around, got a lot of experience with girls
and due to also his own lack of balls, he prefers to move on and gain new
experiences, like some fresh new connection but he will repeat this over
and over. Like most girls do who fear rejection and abandonment.
So really, you can never know.
I’ve always been a guy didn’t look at signals, hints, or ask questions on whether a
girl is interested or not. I know most will be but they have psychological issues,
they have fears, they have misconception regarding how it goes due to societal
programming and so I only think this..
1. I approach
2. I show my intent
3. If Yes, we move forward. No games.
4. If no. I respect her decision, even if she “means to say yes,” but wants to
play hard to get, I move on.
If it’s a silence, if it’s ambigious, I see it as a girl isn’t interested and I move on.
So I would advise for you, if this is about you and some guy, that if he hasn’t balls
to approach, don’t waste your time. Move on.
But if you want to, approach and ﬂirt, move it forward, suggest to go out because
even when someone wants something, or desires someone - it doesn’t mean they
will take actions.
Or there won’t be the spineless, cowardly game of crushes.
People want a lot of things, but it doesn’t mean they will go for it because the
pain, the fear, the comfort zone is far greater than what they desire.
Seen it so many times in people.
People want to have ﬁt body but they cannot endure the mental, physical and
emotional pain that one must endure and go through consistently until they rise
up and get over the curve.

So he can be interested but if he doesn’t see it be easier, if he doesn’t see there is
100% yes, or signs he will get a positive response…he won’t try.
He probably orbit around you. He probably pretend. He probably do nothing
much the way girls do that.
Some girls got so much shit, they’d date a guy they don’t even like much than go
up to a guy they really like due to their fears of rejection, their low self esteem and
psychological baggage.
So it’s best to not look for signs.
Instead be proactive because must people need a little help, not a sign, but a
proactive help which means, you will need to be courageous in showing
vulnerability.
Taking the risk in getting hurt with a rejection is not easy.
It needs mental and emotional toughness to show vulnerability.
12.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Abrena Nworji

What does it mean when you asked a girl if there is a chance to
be more than friends but she don't answer, she keep changing
topic?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Read this because that’s where it will lead to if you don’t distance yourself from
this gir..
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a girl says she has feelings for
me but is not ready for a relationship? What should I do?
She has shwon her intent by her silence and that is a red ﬂag for you that she is
dragging you along, dangling sex as hope, keep it all ambigious, so you stay in
hope that it MIGHT happen.
I’d drop that girl instantly, right there and then if I was you and move themobe.
Roght now yu are..
1. Texting her a lot
2. Probably on phone
3. Spending face to face time
4. And HOPING she changes your mind
And you are still orbiting around her ass because she probably tells you how nice
you are, how amazing you are, and avoids telling you what you need to hear.
“No, I don’t see that way.”
Because by staying silent
1. She avoids the awkwardiness
2. She can avoid any conﬂict
3. Can keep you guessing
4. She doesn’t lose her emotonal tampon, for emotional support
5. Can keep getting the attention
6. Can keep vomiting her sad stories or problems

7. Tell her all her friends there’s this guy who text her all time and show the
text to her friends. Yes girls talk to each other which is even worse for you
because other girls will stay away from you
8. And you will put your life on her for her when you can move on,
approaching other girls, and after a while get to a girl that is say yes. The
more time you spend with this girl you lose out big who is ambiigious.
Anytime a girl is ambigious, she’s fear of losing something, i.e. she don’t want to
lose her emotional tampon. The resources. The attention.
It is an answer for you to move on as she has shown her intent. Don’t see it that
there is some hope and chance. That’s the trap. Move on.
As a reminder what happens if you don’t move on….
Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean when a girl says she has feelings for
me but is not ready for a relationship? What should I do?
2.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carolina Mendez

I like this guy and he knows it, so we talked for about three
weeks but now he's acting like we never talked. Why would he
do that? What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s understandable because..
1. It never went anywhere.
2. It was all texting and texting. Bad news when there is no intent shown.
3. He now got bored and thinks all you want is emotional support and
being a friend.
4. He also, if he was interested he then didn’t have balls to make a move.
5. The way you didn’t have backbone to make a move.
Look. I’m going to be straight.
I am a man. I get bored easily by women who just want text and text and there is
no intent. I’m not bothered about being friends. I don’t give a shit about being
friends with girls when I can just call my friends who are guys, and we talk, sit,
beers and all that stuﬀ.
So as a guy, me personally, I can’t be assed with women wanting to be friend and
it’s just boring, I can get that anywhere.
Now imagine this guy, and he’s wondering what the hell you want. Maybe you’re
interested but you just text…text…and nothing.
He’s moved on.
If ever there was attraction, believe me, it was killed by ambiguity, lack of
showing intent and too much texting that had no goal whatsoever.
You’re a girl. You desire this guy. You didn’t ﬂirt. You didn’t arouse. You didn’t
make his dick hard. You didn’t make his heart racing and imagining..
“God! I got to date her. Holy shit, she turns me on.”
You was interested in hm but to ignite attraction you really got to have some
backbone and make the conversation diﬀerent than talking to friends and girls,
and guys you’re not that into.

It’s probably lots of texting back and forth and not one word about how he’s cute,
how you like him, and suggesting to meet face to face to check some place out.
So he kind of saw it as nothing happening and moved on.
Just saw it you was some curious girl, being curious.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What if my boyfriend doesn’t like the taste of me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe this hasn’t been touched on but here goes..
1. Diet.
You are what you eat. Are you eating lots of junk food, curry, garlic,
onion an other odoeriferious food that is known to aﬀect the body odor.
Make sure you ﬁrst sort out your diet and healthy diet at that.
2. Excercise
To minimize the smell, change clothes after exercising and wear
breathable fabrics.
3. Water
Do you drink enough water. Try increase water intake
4. Flavoured Lubricant
Use ﬂavoured lubricant. Do not use deadorant or perfume. You can ﬁnd
diﬀerent ﬂavoured lubricants. Buy diﬀerent ﬂavours and see which one
works best and is safe for you too.
So there are things you can do and ﬂavoured lubricant is fastest to do now and
you can also work on the others
Also medication can impact body odor and other factors.
My opinon is not based on medical or scientiﬁc training. It never is. It’s an
opinion.
So if you need a scientiﬁc or more professional of doctorate kind f advice, then
venture to your nearby clinic or doctor.
20k Views · View Upvoters

I am being used by a girl who makes me buy her food and only
texts me when she needs something. How can I say no to her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ask yourself this question..
“When I don’t give her money to buy food, what is it I will lose?”
So now be honest. What do you fear losing?
1. Sex or hope of sex?
2. Validation you are craving for?
3. The image of a “nice guy?”
4. False reputation?
This is your psychological position and sex position.
Stop being nice in hope of getting something back.

It’s not that she is texting you to get something but because she knows you desire
her, so much so, you won’t say no. That you’re infatuated by her or that you’re
such a naive nice guy you can’t see the trees for the forest.
You think nice will make you attractive and by nice I mean, you help to be nice
but really you help to get something back.
If you didn’t want something back, you’d said “no!”
Now take her oﬀ the pedestal you got in your mind and say, “no.”
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

A guy asked me out today and I told him "no", but I wanted him
to try harder. Why didn't he try again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 5, 2017 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you found out playing hard to get doesn’t work. You discovered the stuﬀ you
read in magazine and watch in movies, romance novels, what mummy said, what
daddy said, what friends said that a man who continues chasing even when you
said no means he’s sooooooooo serious about you, is all a load of bullshit.
Great.
Now you found out a no means a no, and it must always be that way because it
protects both, woman and man.
But let’s move on….how can you salvage this mess?
You know the most powerful attraction factor is showing vulnerability and being
honest. So here’s what you do.
1. Find this guy again
2. Flirt with this guy and this time add that you was really hasty, you really
wanted to say yes, but you was up to your fucking eyeballs on not
knowing what to do and your reacted badly and improper, and you
apologise and would love to say…”yes.”
3. As you say that, smile, show empathy, show kindness and be seductive,
ﬂirt, use your eyes, smile and be closer to him to touch his arm to
reassure you’re not some psycho narrcisstic woman who likes playing
with guys mind because that is what you tried to do in the begining. That
where you said “I wanted him to try harder,” is one of the Transactional
games.
4. By saying why you said no, you showed honesty, you showed
vulnerability and he won’t see your ﬂirting as you playing games with
him. You need to be upfront with him. This is really big deal, critical,
important because the guy will think..
“She said no and now she’s fucking confusing me, saying yes. Why is she
doing this? Playing games?”
So you need to explain why. Even if you say it was just your nerves and
you haven’t got much experience in this and should have said yes to him.
5. If all is well, then resume ﬂirting and move to next phase - to go out
together, face to face, no resturant or movies for pete sake. They kill
attraction. These things can happen much later when you have become
intimate in relationship. First walk, see some sights in city, talk, be ﬂirty,
playful, seductive in a positive way, get to know each other and behave as
lovers not platonic.

Try that and hopefully the damage that was done can be salvaged but stay away
from playing hard to get as that game with a conﬁdent guy who has self worth,
self respect will immediately walk away.
It’s for your beneﬁt and also for men.
Hopefully when you have daughters, you expect the man to walk away
immediately if she says no and not assume she means “yes.”
We all make mistakes but in acknowledging them we can move on and do better.
Now just ﬁnd this guy again and contact him, and see if you can start again.
Also, any girls/women here, if you have said no to a guy, maybe you judge him
due to past experiences in other relationships, maybe you was nervous, maybe
you assumed player mode or whatever….but you changed your mind, or you was
all up in your eyeballs with social conditioning, expectations, judgement, fantasy,
or just worried, and realised..
“Oh shit! What did I do?”
Just go back to the guy and explain to him. Just be honest.
Plus, it be a story if all works out to laugh about it when you share how you met.
In movies it all happens perfectly but in real life it doesn’t. Movies doesn’t show
much of the nerves, our psychological position, our past experiences and a lot of
things that rattle our emotions to make us do irritational and sometimes even the
opposite of what we want to do.
Made a mistake? Ok ﬁne. Now go and at least try and salvage it. It would make
you a better person, you learnt something and you grow.
It be a great story to tell if all works out to laugh about it.
Don’t be hard on yourself and just move on and apply these steps and see how it
goes.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nikhil Mane

'I know I can trust you. That's something rare for me, so you're
special.' What does it mean when a girl says this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Decoding…Whhrrrrrrrr……..
1. I got the vibe you are attracted to me.
2. I’m not interested in you in that way.
3. I will never date you and have sex with you
4. You are my emotional tampon, a nice guy who I will vomit all stories
about ex boyfriend and who I dated and have sex with.
5. You’re like a sister to me
6. You’re like my girl-friends to me
7. You’re like a…brother to me
8. Because that is how you behave with me
9. When I tell you all my secrets about guys, problems, you will think it is
because you mean so much to me, so special when really, you’re not but
you’ll believe it because you so desperate to want my validation.
10. In other words, whether people believe it exists or don’t get, I really don’t
give a shit but….you….are….friendzoned.

You have successfully decoded the message ;)
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I have a crush on called me awkward. What does she
mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. You have a lack of social intuition
2. You do things to show oﬀ to her
3. She wants you to stop and ask questions when you’re alone with the
teacher because you are not impressing her or anyone else.
4. The vibe she feels with you is a turn oﬀ
In other words - she like you to stop asking weird questions or diﬃcult ones when
you can do that with the teacher on your own time.
17 Views · View Upvoters

My husband wants his nephew to stay over during the week
whilst he learns him a trade but I need my privacy. Am I being
unreasonable?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about unreasonable or reasonable.
You’re personality is diﬀerent to your husband. He probably likes to give and also
likes people and not that bothered of having his own space.
You in the other hand, probably like your peace and quite, and want the world
whether it is relatives or friends, to stay out and your home is a home for just you
and your husband.
Maybe come to an understanding by communication and maybe come to a
compromise. That not everyday but maybe weekend or a few days week. Only
way is for both of you to come to a balance decision where both meet half way.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How should I respond to a guy who says that I am so beautiful? I
haven’t been talking to them for a long time, only a few days,
but he keeps saying that I am beautiful.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A player won’t say you’re beautiful and only do so to his lover.
You know why?
In your own words…
“Also, he seems to be a player lol…probably says it to every girl he talks to.”
That’s why.
A conﬁdent girl won’t over think this and just say..
“Thanks.”
She won’t think he’s a player or after sex because she has high self worth and high
energy, and knows she is sexually conﬁdent to take responsiblity for her sexuality

to say no, if she doesn’t want sex.
Therefore she won’t think “oooh he says this to all girls.”
She’d think “Damn right I’m beautiful,” and smiles and says to him, “Thank you.”
She also doesn’t live with this fairytale idea of Prince Charming.
All typical guys want sex but most girls want to feel special, unique, that they are
the only ones who a guy falls for, and she will be swept oﬀ her feet like romance
novels, hollywood to live happily ever after.
A player is smart and is well versed on the games girls play with themselves at a
psychological level and also to others. He knows the obstacles girls face but he
also knows the insecurities they are trapped in.
He will avoid complimenting girls by saying to her she is beautiful, or
complimenting her on any physical features because let’s get real….
If he did, she’d think the same thoughts you put in the details for the question. He
knows girls will be thinking that….
1. When a guy approaches girls be thinking “oh he is wants sex.”
2. When he compliments “Oh just wants sex. Must be a player.”
3. If a guy ﬂirts, “Ooh he just wants sex.”
4. The guy text “He want just sex.”
Moment a guy takes interest in girls, then the girls insecurities about sex appears,
the lack of self worth, fears, the baggage, the mainstream media noise, what
mummy told her about guys, what friends told her, what girls say, what women
say will start roaming her mind and…her own psychological position regarding
guys and sex.
You know as all know, that in the end, dating leads to sex.
Whether same day, next week or months, sex is going to happen and you think,
sex is going to keep the man because sex with you is special.
If that is so and if what you read in romance novels, seen in movies and all the
bullshit girls learn from who they know is so true in real life…with regards on how
love is enough…and how withholding sex keeps a man……you won’t see next door
to marriage…is the divource legal system.
Many lawyers ready to line up their pockets for such girls who believe they are…
princesses.
Rule of thumb..
Player does not compliment a girl telling her she’s beautiful.
You know very well why. In your own words…
“Probably says it to every girl he talks to..”
And you only have eyes for one guy do you? You don’t look at other guys when
walking and don’t think other guys are..
“He’s hot.”
16.2k Views · View Upvoters

So there is this girl that I like and we used to talk everyday. But
recently she stop talking to me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Mar 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Life has it’s own plans. People always change and even then, if all there is some
passive approach to life and people,well, people also get bored easily, distracted
easily and if there isn’t something else…to what it is, it’s easy to not bother.
This world you live in, doesn’t do much good for passive-aggressive people.
I don’t know how many times I have had guys say, when I say they got no balls
and fear of losing the girl, they bullshit all day long, lying to themselves, to me
and everyone else on how they are not cowards, they dont’ fear rejections, it’s just
they are type of person to think alot before they do something.
Then tell me what they really did which is again nonsense.
They did nothing.
You talked to a girl but she also talks to other people too, other guys, so if there
isn’t something there, well, person changes focus.
Yes, people do that. They don’t want to talk anymore. They don’t need to also
explain why they don’t.
Like online…
You get girls talking to you blah blah but after a month or weeks, they dissappear
like nothing ever happened.
Same with guys doing same to girls.
People do things for stimulus, for attention seeking, for that…moment. Some do
it for sincere relationship building and some smart enough to not assume and
speak their mind so they can move forward or..move on.
She did whatever she did, talking to you for those moments and since, if you like
her, but behaved passive, well, of course, she will stop talking.
If someone is interested in someone, then go and talk to her but if you are
attracted to her, then do something about it, and behave in that manner, say it
and get on with it. That way if it is a “no” you can move on instead of doing what
so many guys do, wasting time and building an idea in their head when nothing is
really there.
But if you’re not that bothered, well, move on.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy text me one time a week, then we hangout,
then he doesn't text for almost 2 weeks? It's like a cycle. I'm
afraid to ask him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You must have been going together for sometime. and from the looks of it, and
from your comments, it’s a friends with beneﬁts.
Unfortunately, it’s not much of a openness in the relationship if there isn’t much
open communication because let’s get real - he cannot read your mind and so he
won’t know what it is you’re feeling.
From what I see all you both do is meet, sit watch movies and blah blah small talk
and later sex, and more blah blah but not enough open communication where
you speak your mind.
How do you expect him to know what’s on your mind? He can’t read minds and
nor can we.

Therefore, the pattern then won’t change because in front of him you behave all
is ok, like it’s awesome when really you are concerned about consistency etc.
Since from your comment you have been going to for 2 years together, it shows
you haven’t got that deep emotional connection and openess to talk, afraid to ask
him.
This then is a friends with beneﬁt = fuck buddy relationship.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl found you attractive, what would she do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She would..
1. Show interest by ﬂirting with me
2. She will show intent by sexually verbalising
3. If face to face she will also use her face expressions, eye contact, smile,
and…bite her bottom lips as she uses some physical touch and get close.
Showing me she desires me and avoiding being ambigious.
4. She will be playful, with her words and her body language
5. She would ask for my number to say she likes to meet
6. She would after 10 mins or whenever on that day, quicker the better text
me a ﬂirt sexualisation text to picture in my mind what she like to
happen
7. She will escalate sexual verbalisating with texting and even using
images, videos, and memes focused on us, what she likes to happen and
even go hardcore.
8. She would follow through as I lead to meet face to face
9. She would make…it…easier not harder to know she’s attracted to me.
What she would avoid…
1. She would avoid being ambigious. It reveals to me she doesn’t know what
she wants or she’s playing games to seek nothing more than attention
which I don’t have time for.
2. She would avoid talking about ex and insecurity problems. It reveals to
me she’s just want an emotional tampon and isn’t a lover type. I’m all for
being supportive and emotional connection but not before we have had
time as lovers and even, there is a limit of whining I take on.
3. She would avoid trying to frame it in relationship. Is impatient and is
following social norms and fantasies, and immature on how
relationships develop. You don’t plan it or frame it but let go of
expectations.
4. She would avoid making sex a big deal, giving it time limits rules,
dangling it like a carrot. It reveals to me she has hangups about sex and
has psychological issue, and follows the many fallacies and norms of
dating.
5. She would try to avoid being judgmental i.e. hints of suspicious in her
verbalising as I know subcommunication very well. It reveals she is
projecting negative past relationship experiences onto me.
6. She would avoid revealing insecurities of lack of trust. She reveals lack of
conﬁdence rather being proactive to know me.

7. She would avoid playing hard to get. Reveals she has low self esteem and
needs validation by some fake ass chase.
8. She would avoid creating drama if I am too busy to text. Reveals she
craves for emotional stimulus and craving for validation. Also self
sabotaging tendencies.
9. She would avoid asking for too much in beginning like relationship and
expects me to respond faster. Revealing a controlling issue, fear of
abandonment issues and lack of patience and understanding we all have
social life and committments elsewhere….so be patient.
If I ﬁnd we click together, there is compatibility and she loves sex, romance and
also, she is kind, compassionate, a touchy physical type of woman, into arts, loves
my art sexual stuﬀ, likes music, down to earth….and she’s down with being ﬁne
with me being poly and dating and loving other women, then a long-term serious
relationship is in the horizon.
8.6k Views · View Upvoters

Can girls identify decent and bad guys at ﬁrst sight?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re missing one important factor. I won’t even include biological so it’s less
easier for me but it’s one factor that impacts decision for selection.
Here is it is..
Psychological.
A girl before the age of 10 has made a psychological decision and she reinforces
this decision by her behaviour, which by the way gets her the results to give her a
sense of destiny.
So there are factors in her life, her upbringing, who she associated with, what she
experienced, what she read, watched, choices she made, what she was taught,
inﬂuenced by and so much more.
Now, if she thinks all guys are assholes, what do you think her behaviour will be?
She will behave in a manner to attract these assholes to then experience what she
doesn’t want, to see the result happen to her life, to say..
“SEE! All men use me. All men are assholes!”
It is a script running within her.
It’s so deep, unconscious level that she will wear a mask to not even recognize the
bullshit she is doing and living, and performing.
Like Shakespear wrote..
All the world’s a stage,
And all the men and women merely players;
They have their exits and their entrances,
And one man in his time plays many parts
One can say majority of women want kind, blah blah men but really, there is a
psychological part that is performed which gets a woman to feel or to be
stimulated, with emotions she craves for and which she desires to make sense of
her world, by performing the act to make her script a reality.
In other words, most women are not self aware of how their psychological make
up, the experiences they had, the abandonment, and many other experiences,
eﬀects their future decisions in life, the way it does for men.

Including the men they select as lovers.
I’m sure everyone here has for example a habit or a way of doing things and you
know it doesn’t give you the result you want in life. Like eating junk food. Like
not hitting the gym. Like checking social media and wasting hours on it and yet
the most important work is being missed.
And it can go on for years witout realising the slight edge of life is catching up
and soon it will rule one’s own life, controlled by conditions either in lack of
social skills, social intuition, conﬁdence, ﬁnances and more.
It doesn’t need to be many things.
It can be sleeping at the wrong time, which becomes a habit in which it rules
one’s life. It becomes a pattern in which it also feels like a joke, laughable at some
extent, in which you look in the mirror to know the real enemy is not some bad
boy out there.
The real enemy is the - self.
Girls repeat the pattern over and over again because on one hand she craves for
the stimulus, the feeling being in the comfort zone, or the attention, the
emotions, the stimuls which becomes an addiction.
That addiction can rule her whole life or if she gets help, therapy or becomes self
aware then she can turn things round.
It is Psychological.
For more reading, I suggest this book which is not easy to read if you’re not
passionate about such topics on how people play games with themselves, whch
leads them to be with partners or in situations they never wanted to be in, and yet
they repeat this pattern over and over again…

9.2k Views · View Upvoters

How would you react if your ﬁrst love got back to you after 20
years to share that they still have same feelings for you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

SUPERGIRL SPOILER ALERT
In the series, Super Girl, her human father ﬁnds his way back by the enemy doing
a sneaky game, in getting them to rescue their dad. Not realising the dad is
working now for enemy but for a reason unknown to Supergirl.
The father ﬁnally meets his wife he hasn’t seen for years.
He says to his wife that ﬁnally they can get back to where it began but she tells
him, though she loves him, that can never happen. Things have changed, she has
changed, and all he has is an IDEA of her not who she is.
So if my ﬁrst love appeared I would tell her to go back from where she came from,
because she now knows fuck all about me, she is in love with the idea of me, and I
am not the man I was back then, and too many things have happened.
Also, I wasn’t some guy whining like a bitch about ﬁrst love or ex as I move on
fast, and have options and know the reality of life.
That it was great seeing her but now…she needs to do the same. Move on as I am
not attracted to her anymore, and all she has is an idea of me.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of my Tinder approach, good or bad?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I hope you have been open with your girlfriend. If not, be so. It’s important that
you are if you haven’t been. I’m not going to talk about morality and all that, but
this..
You know what you want. It works. Sex.
Keep going as that’s how you do it if that is the case. You sexualize in the
beginning.
Forget all this morality about not talking about sex in begining. Most don’t get
that and think if you do then it’s so bad. It’s not. That is how it’s done because you
want to attract sexual available girls who desire the same.
So no nice bullshit passive approach, hiding intent.
You did good because it screens out any girl who has this fantasy about
relationship happens by instant planning in her mind and also girls with
hangups on sex.
You sorted that out in beginning because that is what you are looking for. You see
it’s working and she’s saying to you what she desires.
You’re being honest, authentic and hopefully, you behave that way when with her
or it won’t be congruent and it be a mess up because she be thinking..
“What happened to the guy I was texting? This isn’t him!”
So your approach is spot on. That is Tinder, that is what it’s for and if any want
relationship, buzz oﬀ to some OKcupid or Harmony site
Now just one thing..
If you haven’t done it, lead to the goal.
Don’t ﬂirt too much. She has given you “YES” here and there and you didn’t lead
to next step. So escalate faster. Drop your number, and she drops hers and then
move it to the phone call to and keep it playful. You can build a tiny touch of
comfort so she knows you and you know her.
Phone is better as conversation is syn in real time so conversation is much easier.
Just don’t go oﬀ to long like 30 mins. Keep it short.
Even have a sex game by doing what you’re doing on text to ﬁnd out more of what
she desires, what’s her boundaries, what’s yours and then…lead to meeting face
to face.
That’s the only part I’m concerned about.
Everything else is spot on.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend embarrassed me in front of her friends. She
mimicked my “ejaculation face” in front of me and her friends
and laughed with them. I told her it hurt my feelings but she
didn't think she did anything wrong. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

And there you had the opportunity to do the man side of a woman’s face shen she
orgasm and exaggerate and get everyone cracking up and she learns she can’t

fuck with your frame of mind.
That your reality and state of mind is a lot stronger.
But you didn’t.
Why?
Fear of losing her, hmm?
It is always the case with guys who are passive-aggressive. They so got to avoid
conﬂict, sit there like mice, while they get walked all over.
So your self respect means shit then and woman can do whatever in front of all
her friends while you sit there. hoping mummy might come and save the day?
Dump her, for two reasons..
1. You made too many mistakes for her to ever respect you already.
2. You can’t handle girls who are like that. They easily psychological seduce
nice guys, passive-aggressive who have their pussy up on a pedestal.
They know such a guy will never stand up for himself in that moment
due to fear of losing the girl.
18.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy calls and texts you every day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“He is sooo unbelievably handsome…..seems like a great catch.”
Maybe look deeper than that because you girls always get burnt when you go for
the looks because you never dare to speak up. You never lead, you never ask
important questions to guy because of fear of losing him.
Ask him what is he looking for in you.
That is how you ﬁnd out and also sex wise, don’t pin it on him like most girls do.
Take responsibility for your sexuality and just say no if you don’t want sex, but
also, don’t see sex as some damn trophy, because we can get it anyway,
somewhere else.
That way you then can focus on guy and your interpersonal
communication….rather than your insecurities and hang ups about sex, like it’s
some jewel that makes a guy stay for always, when it doesn’t.
What does is you make him feel alive and he feels he can be himself with you
which, by the way, is diﬃcult when girls judgmental and trying to trap a guy and
frame it always into a relationship before anything has happened.
It seems he’s interested in you but you need to now step up or he will get bored of
you for not showing interest back by asking him questions like..
“I was thinking of going to walk in city to check blah blah out. I think it be great we
meet, face to face, as texting..is..lame, to get to know someone. Let’s talk..on the
phone.”
Then talk, get to know the guy and he knows you, and sort something out to
meet. No movies. No resturants. Just walk and talk, have fun, be intimate, ﬂirt
etc.
Now you will know if he’s so into you because he will behave in a manner when
with you. So take the step, start ﬂirting and if he has balls, he will lead. If he
hasn’t, well, you will need to lead in way I showed above.

19.5k Views · View Upvoters

I got scrutinized for saying that some kids at my school deserve
forgiveness after doing something awful, am I wrong?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is awful what they did. Really cruel and it would disgust me too but their kids,
and yes they need to be taught a lesson but in a way they learn. Maybe work in a
farm of animals to learn what it means and grow closer to animals, understand
about responsibility, and so forth. Lots of lesson they can learn.
However, when you said forgiveness, people intrepret in diﬀerent way as you will
realise many come with diﬀerent perceptions.
So maybe communicate in their language, letting people know what you mean
because they will have intrepreteded it in their own way.
You know, people see, read, and then take in information but then it is corrupted
and not exactly what they read and see, and hear because when the information
goes to their mind, it is mixed also with their perception, belief, experiences and
so on. Also other inﬂuences like the people around them inpacts their behaviour
and decisions, and some can even behave totally diﬀerent.
See it that way, and see it as a way to grow, in how you can become a
communicator to such people cannot corrupt what you say.
There is also know a part in that some people will do so anyway because they got
to say shit, got to say their opinon, got to be right to feel good and not for coming
to an understanding.
It’s why we human beings have not ventured up beyond the stars and more.
We are still primitive no matter what we have learnt and invented. Look at earth
and look at the shit we do to it, the wars, the burning, the uprooting, the taking
without replacing, and so much more, and all is hidden to make us all feel
comfortable that all is well, until it’s too late.
So just recognise these things.
if you can forgive those who did that, then I’m sure you can forgive who scrutized
you or was your words for nothing more than validation, a show?
Then if it is not for show, then do same to those who scrutnize you. Be forgiving
not just to one group of people, but all. It’s not easy. I am not saying it is but know
why you do things because it seems to me you desire validation from others when
you ask this question in that way.
You will get judged anyway in this world, so if you believe in a way, then believe it
so no matter what. Be true to the philosophy you follow. Everyone will not agree
with you and that is their free will, their choice.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I deal with a cold girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Always have options. Approach other girls and don’t focus on one girl
because it takes time, you might have ﬂakes, you might have attention
seekers, you might have girl real slow and you might ﬁnd somethings
about her to change your mind to bother dating anyway.
You might have a girl who is busy, and so on. You don’t wait around or

deal anything. You focus on who is focusing on you.
Who behaves where you are a priority the most is the one to spend more
time with.
2. Having options won’t have you fustrated and why invest so much on one
girl who isn’t your lover as yet, and hasn’t emotionally invested time,
eﬀort and committed to doing so?
She also can’t say anything because if a girl says why you are checking
other women out, be honest as I do.
“Because as you know, it takes time ﬁnding someone who you like and
arrange and meet, and you never know where it leads with anyone. Until it
is oﬃcial, like I am dating a woman consistently and know is on, then no
problem but not before. Any mature person will understand that as I’m
sure you would too.”
3. Then keep seeing other girls, screen out, ﬁlter. If a girl is cold, not
replying, leave her it to it. Focus time on girls who do behave in a manner
in showing interest and who desire to know you.
If a girl says she’s not interested, leave her, if a girl is behaving in a play
hard to get manner, leave her, don’t waste time wondering why and
dealing with girls. Leave that to guys who are desperate because they got
some girl on a pedestal and haven’t options.
So don’t deal with a girl.
Just focus on someone else, and that takes you approaching others and ensure
you got options until…you have a girl who is really into you the way you are in her
and who behaves in a manner in which she’s not playing you or playing games.
You create options is what you do,
Girls will say “oh but you ﬂirt with other girls blah blah.”
Me - you don’t approach guys do you? You sit on your ass waitng and expect guys
approach you. You only need tits and ass to attract guys and even then, you don’t
sometimes make a decision in fear you look like sluts, too easy and all that. I
approach other girls, ﬂirt with others until one makes a decision rather you girls
thinking you got some power and making things diﬃcult. So make a decision yes or
no, but don’t complain.
The world is diﬀerent for guys in dating. Most girls won’t approach because they
got abundance of men approaching them, IF they are not socially awkward and
unapproachable due to their behaviour and vibe.
Also they worry about what guys think, what friends think, what society thinks.
It’s still some taboo in girls being conﬁdent to approach due to them seeking
validation from everywhere and protecting their..sexual imagine.
You can’t really blame them even when we want them to move their ass and take
the risk and approach guys.
So don’t do what they do and they have no room for complaining either
Approach other girls and create options and you won’t be waiting on one girl,
who really isn’t interested or unsure, or whatever.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like girls who are one of the guys?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t know about other guys but for me personally, no. When I say to a girl..
1. Bro
2. You’re one of the guys
3. You’re cool, one of us
It means in my mind, she’s someone I won’t date and be in relationship with. Not
even sex. Just don’t see her that way.
But that’s me and all my friends who say that to girls. If a girl hangs out with us
and we begin to see her as one of the guys, forget even for her thinking she will
date any of us. It’s not going to happen.
I see her as cool, like a brother, like a sister, not as a woman I’d be romantically
and sexually involved with.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I have a boyfriend, but my best friend still
has a crush on me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your so called friend is being a dick and you need to set him straight to shut him
down with his bullshit manipulation games. He’s an immature manipulative
asshole the way he is going on about.
So talk to him and set boundaries and make it known to him, a friend does not
behave that way and if he fucks around making any comments about your
boyfriend or giving any negative gestures, you are done with him for good.
Set the boundaries because he is trying to sow seeds in your minds about your
boyfriend. He’s insecure, possessive and jealous. Imagine going out with this guy.
You’re life will be hell.
He’s jealous and wants to get into your pants.
He’s the nice guy. People say I am bias about nice guys.
Damn right I am. They are a bunch of complete wankers in my book.
They pretend to be your friend to get into your pants. That is all what this is.
Jealousy and nothing else but that.
I don’t know why you even tolerate such actions and haven’t shut him down
immediately.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your girlfriend said she loved you but still
missed her ex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Never had that problem mate.
I don’t know where you guys ﬁnd these girls or how on earth you behave with
them but man, only girl does that is due to knowing she can say that to boyfriend
they are with. Probably passive guy, nice, no boundaries and any understand
from day one.
Girls I date know never to say that crap to me.

They know it doesn’t help the relationship so why bother. I mean, it be so
outrageous for them to say it, to and they know it’s dumb to say it.
None of my friends either have girls saying that to them but we behave diﬀerent
to many guys out there. We got that down from day one, in how we behave and
how we frame on how to behave with us.
So never had that and I doubt I ever will due to way I behaved from very begining
with a girl. I’m not passive aggressive or a nice guy in which a girl has even that
thinking to even say that.
Not going to happen. Never have and I will even say, it never will.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys continuously compliment girls, knowing full well
it makes them completely uncomfortable?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. You’re passive
2. You don’t communicate to the guys who keep doing it to say it makes you
uncomfortable
That’s really it.
It’s not rocket science. Just say it makes you feel uncomfortabke.
51 Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a guy is just sweet and caring or has
feelings for you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because he said he’s not ready for a relationship doesn’t mean..
1. He won’t show aﬀection
2. He won’t shower you with ﬂowers
3. He won’t cuddle and make you feel good
4. He won’t take you out
5. He won’t have sex with you
Seperate the two i.e. relationship labels and showing aﬀection because most girls
are all into this labels, thinking it means aﬀection.
A guy can give you this label, but it doesn’t mean you will marry, have children, a
house together with a white picket fence, and grow old together.
It’s just a label.
That is why with marriage there is a line of lawyers ready to line their pockets.
People will even swear an oath, that they will be with you through sickness and
health, till death and next door, is a legal divource system.
Get the idea?
You’re looking at words, not behaviour.
Look at behaviour. What’s more important?
1. He treats you right

2. He doesn’t abuse you
3. He is aﬀection
4. He’s romantic and he likes doing stuﬀ like that
5. He likes showing his feelings to you
Or is the label more important than these?
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

How does it feel to know that other Quora users have more
followers than you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s see..
1. Do I get paid for more votes? No.
2. If I have 50,000 followers, will I get paid? No.
3. Do I win a cruise prize? No.
4. Do I get a new laptop? No.
5. If I write to get 50,000 votes and another 100,000 followers, will I get my
name in magazines and front cover of Times Magazine? No.
So what do I feel if someone has more followers than me?
They are screwed because they will have more headache than me from trolls,
nutters on the web, women and men who got to share their opinion on who you
are. That’s right. Some people got to get your attention because out there, no one
gives a shit what they think.
Then there is the ﬂagging and reporting answers and you take time to appeal.
Sometimes you cannot be assed to appeal.
Also, you will have tons of people sending messages for questions, like you got
time, like you haven’t a life.
So they will have to deal with more shit than me, if they didn’t disable comment
and the messaging as well.
So no, I don’t envy them.
I know the shit most will go through.
Be careful what you wish for ;)
2k Views · View Upvoters

This girl, who knows that I like her but told me that she doesn't
feel the same way, started to act hot and cold after being
friends. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means…
1. You are a nice guy and passive. She knows you’re into her and knows
whatever she behaves, you’ll still be orbiting around her.
2. She knows no matter what she does, cold or whatever, you will let her do
whatever due to fear of oﬀending her.
3. It means, you’re too busy trying to hope she will like you and desire you,
when you need to move on. Instead you stayed as friends even when you

want to get between her legs which isn’t a good set up for friendship
anyway, and best to just say no to friendship or tell her to stop acting like
an idoit or you’re not having it, and she can just leave you alone.
It means, that what she does, says, shouldn’t rattle you but really it does, because
you desire her still even after what she told you.
Move on and forget being friends with her as she’s playing you due to knowing
you’re into her, and now got herself on a pedestal because you are so passive and
letting her do all this hot and cold.
Now sort your boundaries and tell her if she wants to even spend time with you to
stop acting all weird or stay away.
3k Views · View Upvoters

I seem to attract a lot of depressed guys. Why is that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to correct your behaviour and stop behaving as a parent ego state and
put boundaries up. No more nice girl and that doesn’t mean you need to be a
bitch either. It means, you stop wasting your time being a therapist.
You want a lover or do you want a patient?
Then behave as a lover and when a guy tries that on push him away, put your
boundaries up and let him know you’re not interested in being their emotional
tampon.
You are doing exactly what nice guys does and who never gets a date.
The guys crave validation and have psychological issues and so they will go for
you, and you will let them in because…like…attracts..like. You also want
validation, doing it to feel good about yourself.
It’s called…strokes.
You do it because you can stroke and get strokes back. It’s a game which validates
you and makes you think you are special, needed and so forth.
So you behave in a manner of an Parent Ego state and you attract Child Ego states
males.
Start with having boundries.
You’re wasting a lot of time on guys who got problems, who are looking for
mummy, a parent, who are low in self esteem and who will use you, drain you
emotionally and then they will fuck oﬀ.
Like the way girls do to nice guys.
So correct your behaviour or you’ll waste time to never really attract the conﬁdent
guy. I am a conﬁdent man and though I like girls who are loving in nature, who
are compassionate…. I am not into a woman who doesn’t know how to behave
sexual, ﬂirty and spends her time being a therapist for guys.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Samantha Razon

Why is dry wit attractive to me when men do it, but not so in
women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Preference.

It’s what you prefer and what is attractive to you. You’re not attracted to women
but men, and so, it doesn’t matter what women do, it’s not going to turn you on
and nor do you look at women with the halo eﬀect.
To you it is seen as wit, to your unconsciousness it maybe a manly traite you look
for, which is a sign of value such as conﬁdence for you.
Either way, it is your preference.
However, I have seen when women do things like that and go too far. Look at for
example pranks on youtube by women on men and men on women, and see the
diﬀerence. Women go too far with that shit.
They don’t do it for wit, they do it to be catty, like it’s some revenge, or some
spiteful reply, or bullshit sarcasm.
So it’s a turn oﬀ.
I’ve seen women on how they behave with each other. You can be very nasty to
each other, like it’s some damn competition.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How would Adam Taha reply to a woman who rejects him with
the "you're such a nice guy, but" phrase?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It would never happen. My behaviour is opposite to what most guys do. I know
the traite of a nice guy, I know traites of white knights too and know their
psychological issues as well which dictates their behaviour.
So it’s not going to happen because….
1. I sexualise when ﬂirting.
2. I escalate fast than most guys do
3. I diﬀerentiate myself from guys by behaving as a lover
4. If a woman asked me what I do, most guys kiss her ass with straight
answers to impress. I ﬂirt, I sexualise, I say…
“I work at a dating agency that researches on how to give woman multiple
orgasms. It’s an exciting and well..rewarding…job. ;)”
“I’m an ass model. Do you think my ass looks too tight in these Jeans. I just
can’t ﬁnd clothes to ﬁt exactly to how I want…”
“I am a secret agent working undercover at Sainsbury’s.”
Then walk oﬀ to get my drink. Others will talk all day about their
degrees, jobs, car and money. I don’t. I am always playful and having fun,
being ﬂirtatious around women I am attracted to.
5. I don’t hide in shadows, all socally awkward, being all shy and I don’t get
intimidated by women who are beautiful or who have degrees and all
that. If a woman starts talking about physics, stock market, and all that, I
am playful and talk about sex. It shuts them quick with their bullshit
games in trying to act superior.
I work hard and last thing I want with anyone, not just women I am with,
or date is listening to someone bringing up topics like physics, stock
market, politics or job stuﬀ. I don’t need that shit when I want to relax. I
want fun, a enjoyable company, a laugh.

See here because she and most are slow on that understanding..
Adam Taha's answer to Why can't people accept that I'm both intelligent
and beautiful?
6. I don’t help them with work, assignments, or try and save them. I don’t
spend my time being their emotional tampon
7. I will interrupt a woman if she talks bullshit and I just say to her to…
change her tune or simply….fuck oﬀ out of my face.
8. If a girl talks about some guy giving her number I reply, “Awww that’s
cute. It’s your ﬁrst time, awww.” And roll my eyes and get up and walk
away shaking my head at the pathetic game she tried to play.
9. I don’t stay seated when a girl talks about some guy. I roll my eyes, get up
before she even ﬁnished her sentence, walk oﬀ, shaking my head.
10. If a girl talks about ex boyfriend etc…I do the same.
11. If she does it on phone, I ignore and change the subject to something
completely diﬀerent.
12. If it’s text I text back something totally diﬀerent or ignore her. I focus
then on other girl who has more sense not to do that.
13. If a girl sends me photos of some guy or girl, I say I don’t want to see such
photos but they can send of themselves. Not interested in who they love,
who they admire, who they saw. It’s immature especially when talking to
someone you are into. I don’t do it and yet I have multiple lovers and yet
some girls will do it.
Mostly teen girls, young women do this a lot and some older women who
are insecure or just can’t keep shut about such things. Lack of social
intuition and insecure.
14. I don’t give a shit about having lots of women as friend and in fact I can’t
be assed with it. Not interested. Got better things to do like spend it on
my lovers, make money, focus on my passion, write books, do my
paintings, travel world. I have more guys as friends than women.
15. I don’t date women in my social circle. That means a woman won’t see
me everyday like some pal and me trying to get into her pants by chasing
her and taking really long process to get to know her and she knows me.
Meh, not interested in the drama.
16. I don’t keep in touch with ex for hope to get back with an ex. I’m not
interested as I have options and I don’t care about all that ex girlfriend
friendship. Got better things to do.
Things like….keeping in touch with my nieces, nephews, my own sisters,
brothers and other relatives. They are more important to me than an exgirlfriend. So I spend my time wisely.
17. I don’t spend time texting lots and on phone to a girl who isn’t my lover.
18. I approach, show intent immediately, behaving opposite to nice guys..
19. I sexualise on text and phone before we meet and she knows I will fuck
her in every position and said it as well.
And she role plays doing same.
It makes the process exciting, hot, sexy and it turns the women who
know who I am and why I behave this way and women who desire such
man. It creates the sexual tension, the mood, removes awkwardiness

later on and gets them wet. They are anxious and excited on what will
happen when we do meet.
Those who make a big deal about it. Good. They can go right back where
they came from because…I do it also for anothe reason…
It also is a ﬁlter, screen out, to push certain women away and only attract
women who are not following norms and think “promiscious” is some
god damn trophy or sign of self conﬁdence. It isn’t to me. I am not dating
a friend nor is it platonic so I don’t behave as such and nor women will
with me.
Those who do, will stay away. Good. It’s how I want it to be.
20. When we meet I am full on behaving in a sexual way, kissing, hold hand
and so forth, as we walk, and assume she is my girlfriend there and then.
I don’t use labels. I behave to say what I want.
21. I am rough with sex and as far as a woman desires to go.
The opposite to a nice guy who is terriﬁed to do the above because he wants to be
accepted, approved and fear of losing the woman.
He puts pussy before being himself.
As you can see, it is unlikely..
But for anyone who has this trouble take note of the above and…
Girl - You’re such a nice guy
Me - And you can fuck oﬀ.
Girl - You’re such a nice guy
Me - Nah, just trying to get into your pants
Girl - You’re such a nice guy
Me - (point down) you can start giving me a blow job now. Save the compliments
for later.
Girl - You’re such a nice guy
Me - I should spank you more
Girl - You’re such a nice guy
Me - Don’t get used to it
When a girl says you’re a nice guy, you have been behaving in a manner in which
she knows you desire her but playing under the radar.
It is her way to disqualify you. It is a warning to you to stay away from her. It is her
way of saying she is not into you.
You are fucked if girls keeps saying that to you.
It also…means you are too slow to escalate if a girl is interested in you so always
escalate faster. Don’t be passive. It frustrates women who are interested in you
and thinks you’re not attracted to her.
I rather have..
You’re such an asshole
You’re a dickhead
You’re a bastard
You’re a player
Than “you’re a nice guy.”

So it doesn’t happen within my life because my behaviour from day one is totally
diﬀerent to nice guys. I don’t need to know how to reply to such a thing.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Golding Thomas

When a guy tells you that he had a lot of girlfriends, and
another one tells you that he had a few long term relationships,
which one do you like more?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

None.
Because you’re not into them but rather into some value they stand for which by
the way is the worst approach to select a partner.
If that is all that you are deciding on, then you got some work to do with yourself,
never mind what these guys tell you.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I am 26 years old, and I don’t attract guys, or friends in real
situations or online like on Facebook. I am a quiet, sweet and
friendly person. Am I ugly?Why don't I attract anyone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because...
1. You’re quiet
2. You don’t smile
3. You don’t take intiative with guys
4. You are unapproachable because you think Prince Charming will ﬂy in
there like some manga or hentai comic, with bleeding nose and worship
you, and gawk at you as he stutters to ask you out.
5. Because reaching out to them isn’t really saying anything to show you’re
interested in the guys.
It’s probably
You - Hi
Guy - Hi
You - So erm, what you doing?
Guy - Nothing just standing
You - It’s nice weather isn’t it?
Guy - (WTF) Sorry got to see meet my friends
You got to show the guy you are interested in them, ﬂirt, let him know, or they
won’t make a move because they too fear what you fear - rejection.
113.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl compliments you does that mean she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means nothing.
Watch it with compliments because if someone is giving you compliments then
you are probably getting loved bombed, to boost your ego and then devalue you.
So with compliments, if she’s not your girlfriend already, meh, just smile, say
thanks but don’t take it seriously.

If you’re attracted to a girl, forget signals, hints, and compliments.
The truth is only in action. Approach and get it sorted, and at least if she is not
interested in you in that way, then you don’t emotional invest time, eﬀort to get
hit hard with rejection because it hits real hard if you put time in, waiting and
waiting, being nice and all that when you need to get it sorted fast.
That way you move on faster or move forward.
It also pushes away any girl who is an attention seeker, who is playing games for
her ego, who wants emotional support.
Last thing you want to do is invest too much when you need to invest less, in the
begining and just ﬁnd out…yes or no.
18.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it worthwhile to continue pursuing a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m going to share something with you that I did, in one of the most toughest
business industries and niches. It was was in sales. When the guys realised why I
was getting more sales than them, they also made it happen.
It is..
Whenever I approached a phone call or a prospect, with sales, I never approached
to convince. I knew what I had to oﬀer was valuable, and I proposed the oﬀer
focused on their pain and pleasure they wanted to gain.
If the potential client says they are not interested I move on.
But most guys were going back and forth to one person to convince. They’d invest
so much time on this one person while I already moved on to talk to many
prospects to general much more sales. It all adds up.
Since it worked in the job, I used it for other things in life.
The same fundamental works in dating too.
1. You approach
2. You show intent.
3. If you get rejected, move on fast.
I have never chased a woman or clients. Either yes or I move on.
So don’t chase a woman if she has rejected or she has not shown interest, or
playing hard to get. Learn to move on faster.
It avoids you from investing emotions, time on someone who can be playing you.
If they avoid giving a clear answer, move on. If they don’t clearly say yes, move
on. If they play hard to get, move on. If they want you to wait, move on.
Keep approaching other women until a yes and even then, a yes doesn’t mean it
will work out because you’ll ﬁnd many women ﬂake, things happen and so on.
So keep moving forward.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Junior Clark

Why can't people accept that I'm both intelligent and beautiful?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“ I ﬁnd men I date can't seem to accept the fact that I like physics etc. They
seem threatened and continue to believe I'm dumb.”
Ever heard this saying…
‘You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but
you cannot fool all the people all the time.’
You are not showing vulnerability but trying to exert superiority and you like to
blame the men for it because it makes your world…predictable.
What was it?
You didn’t get validation but your brothers or the boys did when you was a teen?
What was the experience you went through years back that got you to decide to
play this game of yours?
What experience got you to believe it was all about your body and so you needed
to go and get a degree, get some hot job, to “show people, or daddy, or mummy, or
some ex boyfriend, or guys, what for?
They are not shocked.
They are puzzled and dissappointed, bored, when they dated you because all you
do is try to play a game, a transactional game, competing game, to get a response
instead of…emotionally connecting with the men you date.
So intelligent you didn’t know the game is on you.
All the men are intimidated by you, are they?
I don’t know how many times I have met women like yourself, who play that
game because they are scared of being in relationship with men. They are scared
of showing vulernability and instead self sabotage.
Or they are so busy trying to prove something to people, working so hard to
provoke, instead of connecting.
You know why you do that?
Because you want to make your world…predictable. It’s so comfortable to
follow the make believe pattern.
You can read more on what I am about to share if you want detailed insight.
Adam Taha's answer to Why do guys always use and abuse me? I’m tired of letting
them treat me like this, but what if that’s the only love I deserve?
But for now…
Imagine a girl, who doesn’t get much attention from daddy and mummy but her
brothers do. Imagine she doesn’t get much attention in school than the guys in
class. Imagine all she gets response for is her ass, tits, tight body and legs.
She’s got to prove she’s smarter more intellient and more superior.
The experiences she goes through, which gets her to make a life decision. A
psychological decision which creates a pattern behaviour.
She adopts an ego state and there are many and she can use for diﬀerent
situations and you use the Parental Ego stage with me.
And the approach has already been decided long ago.
Therefore…

You approach men in dating with judgment, with critical behaviour and you
think you are being a woman who is dating but you’re not. You are projecting this
mother ﬁgure, trying to exert authority, bringing the vibe that parents try to do to
their children in being superior.
And you know what happens don’t you, when you do that?
You should know, you’re parents and other adults did it. It turned you oﬀ. It made
you feel shit. You felt they didn’t get you.
You experienced someone shoving their superiority onto you, telling you that
they are better than you in the way they vibe, and behave as they know better
instead of connecting with you.
It’s frustrated you when they won’t listen.
You didn’t want to know these men.
You didn’t want to connect with these men.
You approached this like it was your playground to play games and you can fool
many people and even yourself, but you cannot fool everyone.
The Transactional games are many, but the idea is to do things to get strokes such
as validation, compliments, attenton seeking and also comfort.
But there is another Transactional Game and this is the one you are playing. This
transactional game has ulterior motive and they are complex. They are diﬀerent
because they are disguised as socially acceptable behaviours but they are not.
They is an underlining hidden intent within this game.
Such as..when a woman asks..
“Do I look fat in this dress.”
She is not asking this question to get a truthful answer but rather she wants to
know if her man still sees her attractive. She is saying to him she wants attention
and probably he hasn’t giving her attention for a while.
When you bring up stock market and physics you are not doing so for the
intention to engage and connect with men but you are doing it for a completly
diﬀerent meaning, a hidden message, an agenda, an ulterior motive like the
woman who asked if she looked fat in the dress.
You are doing it to exert superiority, using Parent Ego State and these guys do not
see an attractive woman after that.
They FEEL…they see a
1. Mother who doesn’t want to talk but argue and say whose better
2. Blabbering sister who thinks she knows better
In other words, it is like a secetary who submits a typed document ﬁlled with
errors to the boss. This invites…the boss to give the secretary a Parental style put
down.
The diﬀerence is the secetary isn’t doing it on purpose.
You are with the men you date either unconsciously or consciously with an
approach in which you playing a game…against…yourself but you think you are
playing it against men.
So you do things to provoke a response to make your world predictable.
“A recurring set of transactions. often repetitive, superﬁcial, with concealed
motivation, manipulative, hidden, dishonest, which has an underling of a..game.”

The game being played prevents..
honest..
Intimate..
and open relationship
Between people
You play the game because it ﬁlls your time, provoking attention reinforcing early
opinions about…yourself..and…others (men in your case).
In doing so it fulﬁlls a sense of destiny.
In other words..
““SEE! Men cannot accept the fact that I like physics etc. They seem threatened and
continue to believe I'm dumb.”
The players who play this game, play to win and they see whoever they are
playing against as…the losers. But really the player is the loser for playing this
game in the ﬁrst place.
Though people deny playing this game as you might deny, the real deal is people
who are used to playing such games attract people who will behave in a manner
in which they will “kick back” and that is what the player wants.
Why? Because it reinforces their script and because they got nothing better to do
but to fulﬁl a sense of destiny which unfortunately, they end up losing what they
so claim to want in life.
Let’s break it down…..
This is your Psychological General Position…the social mask you wear
“I am smart. I am educated. I know physics etc etc etc..”
This is your Psychological Life Decision Position..you hide beneath your
mask
“I am unworthy. I feel I am not good enough. I don’t feel loved. Everyone is out to get
me and they only see my tits and ass and want to use me.”
This is your Psychological Sex Position..which keeps your mask on…
“All men care about is my body and not my mind. They want to use me. They want
me only for sex. They want only my body because I look like a Porn Star.”
You then behave in a manner to reinforce the script, which results in
making your world predictable/fulﬁlls a sense of destinty
“SEE! Men cannot accept the fact that I like physics etc. They seem threatened and
continue to believe I'm dumb.”
The intelligence you need to demonstrate is not what you know about physics
and stock market.
It’s about knowing yourself so you avoid the craving need to play transactional
games. It is knowing how to connect at an emotional level with men not in a
logoical, masculine level to prove you’re superior.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I ﬁnd it diﬃcult to fully engage with girls?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You ﬂirt too much and not enough focusing on girl to engage in conversation. Try
to tone down ﬂirting. Just do enough to grab attention, being playful and fun,
and then transition to conversation.
1. Flirt
2. Transition to converstion..
“So tell me, if you had a super power, what would it be and why?”
You’ll learn a lot about the girl, how she sees world, people, what she desires to do
and then you can say that’s cool, and share what you will choose.
Or “Ok but that means if you could do that, wouldn’t you it limit you to do XYZ or
have you got something up your sleeve for that?”
You see what I mean?
Flirt little but then engage in conversation in getting to know her.
It seems to me you ﬂirt too much and not enough in getting to know her.
At home, I like you to just imagine process..
1. Approach
2. Flirt, being playful
3. Transition to some conversation
4. Build a little more rapport with a diﬀerent topic
5. Then suggest something what can happen together..
“What’s your ideal going out for fun, checking shops, or drinks, or blah
blah? I’m curious?”
It doesn’t have to be that. I’m just throwing anything here and you can
say whatever.
6. See her response. Positive?
7. Ok then lead to give her your phone to add her digits and you add yours
on hers
8. Then talk 1 min move and leave
Now, at home I want you to just role play this out in diﬀerent scenerious, like it’s
happening. Keep doing it many a times until it’s part of you.
Understand the process, the steps but also be ready to adapt as well due to
situations and the girls you meet.
It helps to have structure but be ﬂexible and understand why you do these steps.
For now just practice at home, mean it, speak out loud, like you’re talking to girl,
and then go out and do.
Just remember, ﬂirt only for 1 min or less. Then tone it down while still being
playful, fun, smile, as you engage in conversation to…know…the girl.
You see, by knowing her, she can give you information on what she’s into, where
she like to go, if you are compatible with her, if she’s someone you really want to
date, and also other things to use later on when you do text to build on attraction,
to lead to phone and to lead to meeting for dating each other.
If you ﬂirt too much, they won’t see it serious and you also won’t get to know the
girl. Not every girl you approach is a girl you’d want to date.

The idea is you are not getting a yes ﬁrst or the number.
You are seeing who she is, what’s her personality as you already seen she’s
attractive to you but now, you need to evaulate if she is worth asking out, and
only way is to ﬁrst engage, converse, ﬁnd out how she behaves with you, see how
she treats you, and if you like her behaviour, and if she has a personality you like
and if there is compatibility between you and her.
If so, then you lead through steps to aslk for her number etc.
It’s never about getting a yes in beginning but to ﬁrst know the girl in that
moment you are with and gathering information to assess there and then if you
want to date her.
If all is well to you, then take the step and if she says no, cool.
Move on to someone else later on.
It’s how you learn to get better at having social intuition
4.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jason J. Higgins

When you meet a guy and he texts you his name after getting
your number, should you reply?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It goes like this…
1. You like someone
2. You have chat, converse.
3. You like each other
4. You or her ask for number and you exchange numbers
5. The guy then text you to see if you’re a weirdo or someoneplaying games,
just was not interested, fake, wearing a social mask…or….for real you are
serious about getting to know the person more
6. You gave your phone number because you felt the same and want to mee
up
7. The guy text you even 5 mins later as a way to build…rapport, being
courteous, showing you he is really interested in you and to also to see if
you really did give him your number
Now, all you got to do is text back in a fun manner with
“Hey John. I enjoyed our conversation and would like to meet again. How about a
drink at the cafe blah blah next week? Maybe wednesday or thursday 7pm?”
It’s not rocket science but we all know don’t we, it’s not about that.
It’s more about..
“Does he want sex?”
“But what if I look too easy?”
“He might think I’m a slut, whore, too easy.”
“Is he a player?”
Relax. You don’t frame anything. You don’t know the guy. One step at a time. Let
all those norms go as we men are simple.
The guy text because her was interestd in you but if you don’t respond, he will
move on and probably see you as just a woman who do what most women do.
Give fake numbers and all the talk we had in those 30 mins was just fake.

Now balls in your court.
Who are you?
Someone who wears social mask who pretends you are interested in a guy or
someone who is really interested in this guy. If you are inerested, let go of the
games and insecuries and text back.
And just enjoy the experience of getting to know the guy and see where it leads to.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

I’ve been talking on the phone every night with a guy from
another state. He sends messages and funny memes during the
day. Is he serious about me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you talked about..
1. Compatibility issues?
2. Have you talked about sex and what you want, what you don’t want,
what the boundaries are?
3. Have you talked about what it is you want from each other?
4. Have you talked about what you do want and don’t don’t want in a
relationship?
No?
So every night, on phone, talking and you didn’t talk about these issues?
Then both of you are not serious or afraid to talk about these issues. Yes, even sex.
Start talking for real and ﬁgure if you’re both compatible.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it considered acceptable for guys to love average-looking
girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was at a gallery. I was standing looking at a painting. The painting to me is a
master piece but to someone else..
“It’s boring. It’s not that great.”
To me though it was a master piece. It was amazing. I couldn’t get my eyes of it. I
turned to guy and said..
“Nah mate. That is one helluva beautiful painting.”
He walked away but I was mesmerised by the painting. To him the painting was
average but to me, I saw so much more.
The painting was of worn out shoes by Vincent Vangough.
For most people they see a pair of worn out shoes.
But to me, it is a pair of shoes that a Peasant will wake up to wear to go to work
and it be the only shoes so it’s for everything. I mean look at them. Torn, worn
out, like no one would wear them.
What courage did this person have to keep living, to keep getting up to work and
in doing so to give hope to one’s family and themselves.

I saw a story, a bigger picture and not only that, Vincent could have gone and
painted something else, someone else, maybe a gorgeous woman with aesthetic
appeal but to him, truth is beauty.
To him that was beautiful.
To you some guy dating a girl and you see average.
To the guy he sees something much more than you will ever see in the girl he is in
relationship with. He will see how she smiles, how she makes him feel amazing,
how she takes his ﬂaws and turns them into perfection.
He sees how they met and a story you will never know.
Acceptable?
To whom?
Never mind people, just mind yourself and the girl you date, because end of the
day, what it will always comes down to is how she makes you feel.
If she is smart as well, she won’tr be thinking what daddy, mummy, friends,
society thnks what is acceptable but rather the same in what I am saying here.
That she lives her life not their life.
They lived theirs and everyone is doing so with theirs.
What about your life or is it based on what is going to be acceptable to others, to
live towards the expectations of others?
Now if you’re into the look, go for it. If you’re into the sexy hot girl, go for it, but
don’t do it because you want to look cool and be accepted.
If you want to date a girl of whatever look, do it because she makes your heart
race and she makes you feel good about yourself, and you make her feel that way
too.
When you’re a teen, you think and worry what everyone thinks.
When you get to 20s, you wonder if you do ﬁt in.
As you get past 40, if you gained tons of experience, if you have lived, if you have
grown, you realise people are only seeing a reﬂection of themselves and really, by
the time they walked out and in street, and out of your sight….you are forgotten.
They won’t be walking in your shoes.
Nor will they care what size you wear either.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

He says he loves me and cares for me, but he can't be in a long
distance relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He has shown his intent so there is no need to wonder why. People can give
whatever reasons they want and we don’t know what’s in his mind.
Only thing you need to know that it’s a rejecion, and he gave some excuse about
long distance and school. He’s not that into you.
He just said it that way to avoid awkwardiness and conﬂict. Best not to spend
investing in him or thinking about him and attract someone else.
When someone is really into you, distance and anything else doesn’t really
matter. When you met it was convience, it was chemicals, it wasn’t love.

Love has an action not words and love by the way, is never enough. It needs
action. It needs more than words.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people look much younger than their age?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s because of genetics and other factors.
I look younger because of genetics. My mum had the cute childlike look and I got
the masculine shaped from my dad. It’s genetic.
But on top of that..
1. I have lots of sex
2. I eat good
3. I drink a lot of water
4. I stay away from sugar drinks
5. I train in gym
6. I read a lot to keep my mind strong
7. I have good sleep
8. I stay away from people who talk negative and skeptical about so many
things which can be achieved, but because they haven’t and live in some
world of their own, they think eeveryone else has a boring shit life.
9. I don’t stress much. I remove stress including people who bring drama.
So genetics and also one’s own lifestyle helps.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys always use and abuse me? I’m tired of letting them
treat me like this, but what if that’s the only love I deserve?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Picture this - a girl is born, she grows up and before she is 8 years old she has
made what we call a psychological decision of life. Though she has made one, at
such a young age, it can be a bit far fetched and unrealistic.
She makes a decision about her psychological position and also her sex position.
Still at this early stage it is a beginning of a….script.
She decides at this age on what mask to wear, what games to play, what games to
avoid, to get attention, validation, to survive, to avoid pain, to gain pleasure and
in doing so, she behaves in a manner…to…reinforce that script.
Maybe she decides to be the victim. The Damsel in Distress.
Maybe she decides to be the Helpless Princess.
Maybe it is the Cinderall, who swoons over good looking guys
So she will do things and get a result for her to say..
“See! How all guys are bad. How all men are bastards.”
“See! How all guys just want sex!”
“See! How they mistreat me and abuse me.”
“See! How I do not deserve love. How I am being treated.”
“See! How that is all I deserve isn’t it?”
“ See how men feel threatened and continue to believe I'm dumb.”

But all her behaviour is about…stimulus.
To get a response, to feel, and really it’s fantasy and not based in rational but
irriational.
The decision is to make meaning and sense of the world around her and it comes
from experiences on how she is being treated whether in family environment and
maybe she gets rejected, not loved as much, gets abandoned, experiences with
schol, friends, and all her behaviour now is geared to get what she didn’t get from
home.
But also, her mind is ﬁlled with what shapes her perception.
Hollywood movies, Romance novels, cultural, religion, and fairytale on how love
happens and much more which is part of her psychological make up and
conditioning.
As she ventures into the world, she means to apply the script she has developed
and behaves and plays the game she decided.
The Abused and Used Princess.
A girl who believes she doesn’t deserve love and she is always being used.
She behaves in a manner to attract such guys without any boundaries, and she
swoons and falls in love fast, in seconds. She doesn’t even get to know the guy
and it leads her to make her fantasy, her script believable.
The guys gets what he wants and doesn’t give her what she now fully desires. The
love. The romance. The ongoing journey of princess and prince charming, with
marriage, children and a house with a white picket fence because if she gets all
these…then it is evidence she…is…loved.
She wants the story to be real.
She keeps doing the same behaviour over and over again. She goes for the good
looking and she thinks he’s so perfect when she has no clue about these guys.
And when she has got her validation, she got her stimulus but the guy isn’t going
to give her her house, marriage, children and he isn’t going to rescue her like the
princesses in the stories, but instead leaves…she now reinforces her
psychological position and sex position..
Psychological Position
“I’m adequate. I’m not worthy of love. I can’t do anything right. I don’t deserve love.”
Psychological Position about Other People
“People only use me. People only out to get me. Nobody likes me. Everybody is mean,
nasty and want to mistreat me and abuse me, and use me.”
Psychological Position towards a particular sex.
“Every guy I talk to or have been in a relationship with always ends up using me
and abusing me. I’m tired of letting them treat me like this but what if that’s the
only love i deserve?
As an example….
I was reading answers about fuckboys where women were answering about their
experience and as you read you see how they blame the guys.
But after you read what I wrote above you will see the same pattern below…in
what I found in the answers of these women..
1. He’s outragous good looking

2. He’s super good looking
3. I was swooning over him
4. I was in Love with him
5. I saw family, house, children
6. He’s PERFECT PERSON
7. He’s so witty, down to earh, so kind blah blah blah
The girls doesn’t even know the guys and yet they say all that.
These girls meet the guys and…you read how some give blow jobs, some get this,
some experience that and when it is done, later on, he dissappears.
There is no boundaries.
These girls didn’t have any.
They only saw look and anyyhing else was just a show to protect their sexual
image as they write the story for others to read. It was all really irrational and
nothing logical about it.
They were craving for the good looking guy and they’d drop their pants and get
pounded or give a blow job because of that.
You’d read it doesn’t have to be in some romantic place.
The guy leaves and later, maybe in week the girls send text but these guys doesn’t
respond until much later, maybe a week later.
They asks girls to meet again, but they don’t because…how dare he, he’s such a
player, such a douche, such an asshole, such a fuckboy, bad, bad boy! He just
wants sex. He just wants to use them, mistreat them, abuse them etc..
Because all of their behaviour is to reinforce the script and so, they will do it again
with someone else, and keep reinforcing the scipt.
Like one gilr who wrote how she broke up with a guy and how she’d never dive
into a relationship again, was already dating some guy a week later. She said she
learnt her lesson but she continues to do the same thing again.
It is reinforcing the script.
People love to blame others because it is easier to do so, than facing their own
demons. It’s easier to follow the same pattern….the same script..
Once you take a psychological postion, you then seek to keep your word predictable
by reinforcing it. It doesnt just become a behaviour but it becomes also a position in
your life, in all you do, in how you see the world and in how you interact with you
playing games with yourself to be stimulated or validated.
Instead of you looking from within you play transactional games to get a response.
Through expriences you make decisions to reinforce what you have become to
believe about your life, it’s meaning and about other people.
So experiences you had way back has got you to make a decision, to decide what
psyhological position you take and then you perform as shakespear once said..
All the world’s a stage,
And all the men and women merely players;
They have their exits and their entrances,
And one man in his time plays many parts,
Therefore, you choose to play a part in which you now get the result in your life.

It goes like this…
Experiences > Decisions > Psychological Position > Acting out the Script >
Which is reinforced by behaviour.
If you want a way out..then without blaming anyone else, without blaming the
world and guys,…
1. Look at your experiences in past, way back as a child, as you grew up.
2. Look at the decisions you made
3. Look at why you made that decision. See step 1. What do you fear? Why
do you fear it so?
4. Look at how you took a Psychological Position
5. Look at the part you decided to act to get validated, to get a response, to
get whatever it is…love, this or that externally instead of within yourself.
Look at how you didn’t create boundaries because you craved for such a
response.
Take time to know yourself because it is easy to blame outside when really there
is much to learn about how we behave to attract certain people in our lives and
the results we have in our live.
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you look at having multiple relationships as experience
instead of being tainted?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is your own psychological position and sex position. It has nothing to do
with someone else but rather your own pschological make up of a script running
in your unconscious on what you see as valuable to you, how you perceive things
in regards to sex, relationships and so forth.
How you look at multiple relationships will be diﬀerent to how someone else will.
Look at the words you use..
Tainted
No Longer appealing
List to mean experience
That’s how you see it not how I see it and not how many see it. That is your
perception and reality. That comes from the decision you made in life, long
before adulthood, coming from your environment, how you was brought up, what
you was taught, watched, read, heard, associated with and also the culture you
have been in and still in.
It is all this and more which is all about you trying to ﬁnd meaning, and so you
then decide what social mask to wear and judge others due to your own
insecurities, own belief of the virgin is pure, and if a guy or girl has multiple
relationship then they are tainted.
Not for me and it won’t be so for other people.
What you are projecting is how you deﬁne multiple relationships, how whatever
environment you was brought up in, the culture, beliefs, association in people
like parents, adults, community, religion is saying to you on how to see things.
It doesn’t matter to me if she has multiple relationships in past or present, or has
had sex before she met me, or has years of sex before me. I am looking at

something greater, bigger, and that is compatibility.
I am done with superstitiouns, norms, cultural beliefs, and other people’s
emotional bias and labels that try to make us feel guilty and ashamed about what
is natural i.e sex and then gets us to judge others, using words like tainted, slut,
whore, too easy and assume it is about other people when really, it is a person
deﬁning who he or she is and project such belief out in world.
I don’t go around asking a woman if she’s a virgin or judge her by how many men
she slept with.
It be so clear anyway due to lifestyle how sexually conﬁdent she is, what her
views about sex, and many other things. It will happen also by the way we met
and the way we converse with conﬁdence about life, sex, and so forth.
I look for compatibility.
I don’t see words like slut, whore, too easy and tainted. If someone has lots of
experience, multiple relationship, I don’t see tainted. I see sexual conﬁdence,
skills in relationship management and a whole lot of positive.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to be honest and tell a girl that I want to sleep with
her or should I keep quiet and pray?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“a…girl.”
She’s one girl. One.
Let me keep it simple. I think about what I want in a woman. So let’s say as an
example, you want a girl who likes sex, doesn’ give a shit about all fairytale stuﬀ
in framing relationship because most girls do.
You know, the girls who see a guy they so into, and start acting irritational with
images of marriage, children and all that crap. Yes girls you do just that and that’s
when you don’t know the guy and then call the guy fuckboy, which begs the
question. What does one call you if you are a girl swooning over a guy, who by the
way you don’t know, for his looks and then add “he had wit, humour,
personality,” to cover up it’s not just about his looks?
Read here..
What has been your worst fuckboy experience?
What do you see if you scroll down and read some of girls stories?
1. Outrageous good looking <<<<<<
2. Irresitble
Then to try to rationalise due to feeling gult and shame about sex, you then also
read words like this…
1. Perfect person (WTF, they don’t even know the guy)
2. Super Respectable hahaha, whatever
3. Kind, down to earth, intelligent, on and on it goes
And if you read, girls meet up, give a blow job or have sex and then call the guy a
player, an asshole, how dare are, such a fuckboy, when he wants some more.
Go and read…take notes, look at what all my answers have been trying to say to
you guys all along…
What has been your worst fuckboy experience?

Now back to you.
So you know the deal with girls and you know there are girls who desire what you
desire.
The problem will be you.
You will think this one girl is the one, which makes it too slow for you to move on.
When really you need to just get on with it, playful, ﬂirting andlet her see your a
sexual guy. She will say no or not be interest or yes.
You move to another girl and another, and another and another until…a girl you
are attracted to….says….YES.
And yes, it works that way but the thing is, most guys cannot stomache the
rejection and too passive, and always worried of oﬀending the girls.
Forget praying, just put the action in and don’t put this one girl on a pedestal.
So know what you want but have the stamina and balls to be able to approach
many to get a yes as many girls want sex, but many too scared to admit it, but
you’ll get to a girl who desires the same.
Believe me, if a guy got the looks, they’ll drop their pants anytime, make it easy
for guy to have sex. They’ll even give him a blow job in most remote places, even
in a night club in dark corner….but if it’s someone they are not attracted to,
they’ll call him a player.
If it’s someone they are not attracted to they act all that.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy doesn't contact you does it mean he doesn't really miss
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You never know but here’s from a guy…
Assumptions are dangerous and it’s best to communicate if you want to hear
from a guy sooner so he knows how you feel.
I am sometimes busy. Just because I write here doesn’t mean I am not busy. I got
books I am writing, illustrations for my dating and sex books for men and women
that I am doing, working on my website design and strategy, lots of things.
So it depends on the guy. Sometimes it doesn’t mean he is not interested but busy
doing his own thing.
Also if you have spent time being busy and not contacting him for days or weeks,
then I’m sure he feels it’s cool that you’re ok about it if he’s busy as well, and he
will contact you whenever.
Just communicate with him, be open as assumptions are dangerous. You never
know as we are all busy battling it out in life sometimes we don’t say what
craziness is happening or what I am busy with at time.
Sometimes we’re really tired, got a lot going on and I know sending a text may
feel simple to do but hey, how many times you women were in a mood to not do
that or even picking up a phone or call?
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would you rather be in a long distance relationship or be
friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

y

gy

g

Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re asking like it’s a one way decision that only you make. I’m not going to
travel long distance for a woman to just be friends. You need to establish what it
is before meeting, or it’s a waste of time.
Be honest and get that part sorted from the begining so he knows what is your
intention. If you’re into the guy why bother be friends and he probably lose
interest if all it is, is friends.
Establish what the relationship is by communicating with each other before
meeting.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ﬁnd awkwardness and nervousness from a girl cute if
you like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s cute when the girl is your girlfriend, your lover. It’s not when she isn’t. It
causes discomfort, it sends opposite vibe, it seems like the girl is showing no
interest in the guy or avoiding answering and avoid being clear of her intent with
him.
It’s one thing being a lover and she’s awkward and nervous but another when the
girl isn’t your lover.
It’s why I don’t like crushes.
If a girl is really into me, at least be honest, don’t hide and be authentic. Sure one
fears rejection but also appreciate what my friend found out the hard way.
That he wasn’t the only one checking a girl out.
He was doing all tha crushing for weeks and months. Then I come along, see this
girl, don’t even know he’s into her and it takes me one day and she’s going out
with me next day and we’re having amazing sex at my place in same week. It only
took a few days.
I believe in living in the moment.
You don’t take risks in these matters and don’t realise, another girl is probably
checking this guy out and if you don’t make your move… don’t blame him when
he dates her and spends much of time with her and not you.
It happens.
So being awkward and nervous if you’re someone’s girlfriend is cute. it will be
seen as that but being that way when you’re not the guys girlfriend is now
diﬀerent. It sends a diﬀerent message to him. It’s not cute for him. It’s
discomfort. It’s awkward. It’s a vibe he doesn’t understand and it reﬂects disinterest.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a 28 year old man like a 21 year old?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. He’s attracted to the person
2. He desires the person
3. He wants to be with the person

4. He’s mature in that he doesn’t care what society thinks and more on
what he wants
That’s why.
If the 21 year old can’t get past that then hey, it’s his/her own insecurities and
some cultural and societaly programming. Let’s face it, gap is not a big deal and
even if it was, and you was 20 and he was 40, do you thnk it’s easy to keep a
relatinship going for years?
Best look at many questions on Quora.
It’s not a picnic.
Live in the moment because tomorrow belongs to no one.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Would you turn back time to be with 'the one that got away,'
even if you currently have children?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a scene in a movie. I can’t remember the name of it but it’s this guy who
always wondered about this one woman he loved.
The one who got away.
Years went by and now he’s in his 40’s and he meets her again. This time, he tells
her about how he always thought of her, how he loved her from a far and how he
wished he wasn’t married so he can be with her.
She took a deep breath and said..
“I’m dissappointed in you. You are not in love with me. You are in love with the
IDEA of me. That is all. In all these years that gone by, I have grown. I have
changed and that girl you fell in love with was at that time, and you should have
taken action if that was the case then not now. Now, I am a grown woman, and
that girl isn’t me. You are in love with the IDEA of me. The fantasy of me. Not
me.”
She walks oﬀ and he now gets it.
So no, I don’t want to turn back time. Not to be with the one that got away. Not to
erase even the hard times. Not even the break ups of diﬀerent relationships. Not
even the mistakes. Not even the failures.
All these made who I am and I won’t want to be with the one who got away
because it needed to happen then. If it didn’t happen then, it’s not going to
happen now because I am diﬀerent to the guy I was back then and she would be
too.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I never approached by guys? Even as friends?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….
1. You don’t smile
2. You don’t….smile
3. Did I say you don’t…smile at guys
4. You hide in the shadows

5. You talk too much about your belief
6. You talk too much on how you love God
7. You project the religion projection to people
8. You’re sending signals, a vibe that says to guys to stay away because all
you be wanting is marriage right now and guys assume, I said assume…
due to your behaviour that you might have this attitude where you are
like… “STAY AWAY SATAN! YOU WANT SEX! STAY WAY!” When guys
had enough of that from girls who are not religious so they don’t need
more of that
I’m talking about the perception you give out in world to people around
you. Maybe they know you talk lots about God, and you hang around
with a certain set of same people, who do same, and not enough
mingling with lots of other people out of your social circle.
9. You don’t socialise, ﬂirt or do anything to attract a guy’s attention
10. You don’t want a boyfriend. You want an emotional tampon, a guy
friend, a guy to talk to, a guy with no physical touch, no kiss, no
embraces, no romantica and sexual.
So if a girl who isn’t religious is having challenges because she’s socially awkward,
judgmental, doesn’t socialise, doesn’t ﬂirt, doesn’t do anything really that’s
proactive to attract guys,…and you also got these 6 as well, then of course, it is
going to be very diﬀcult.
Socialise with diﬀerent people, take interest in them, go and do lots of activities
like sports or something with people that isn’t about hiding in the shadows.
Smile a lot and just engage with more people out of your social circle. Tune down
the God questions, religious stuﬀ. Not to change yourself but focus on the interest
of people.
13.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does she mean when she says "I think you're amazing and
never met anyone like you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t take it seriously and to heart because there are people out there who will
start Love Bombing you, telling you how amazing you are, and on and on it goes.
Getting you pumped up, pulling you in and you think she’s interested in you.
But as time goes by they will later devalue you, start doing weird stuﬀ and picking
something negative about you.
So take a step back. Don’t fall easily for these things because women and men out
there can be a bunch of assholes. They can pump you up, and then reel you in,
give you lots of hope and when they got…what…they wanted, whether it is
attention, resources or information….they ghost you.
Pﬀﬀ. They dissappear and leaving you in despair.
So don’t look at these compliments as much.
If you’re attracted to someone, show intent and see for real. Lead to meeting up
not as friends but romantically, and then you’ll know for real what is going on.
The love bomb girl….if you show intent…and move to a proactive move to meet as
in dating, they will begin to act weird. They will become distant. They will
devalue you. They will dissappear.

So don’t take compliments as some big deal. Lap it up but don’t take things to
heart.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do nice guys ﬁnish last?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why do nice guys ﬁnish last sometimes?

If you mean..
1. Nice guy, who pretends to be nice to get close so they can get between
her legs.
2. Nice guy, as the guy who is attracted to girl but doesn’t say so and under
pretence becomes her friend
3. Nice guy, as in thinking he is entitled to date a girl because he is nice,
polite, genteman.
4. Nice guy, as in for weeks and months on end, is nice for nothing more
but hide under radar, fearing rejection, waiting and wait and waiting,
until he ﬁnds his balls to ask her out
5. Nice guy, as in when he does ask her out and she says no, he can’t take a
no and calls a bitch, slut, whore, and how dare she say no. Does she think
she is better than him?
6. Nice guy, as in the guy who puts a girl on a pedestal, thinks she’s a
godess, the one and only, the out of his league, the light shines out of her
ass, and he just fantasizes about her all week, month and year and does
nothing to ask her out but then acts all weird when guys approach her
7. Nice guy, as in the guy who starts avoiding her, acts all weird because he
is jealous she’s speaking to some guy
8. Nice guy, as in the guy who becomes an emotional tampon for girls,
listening to their problems like a therapist, and texting and phone for
hours, takes her out, wines and dines her, always available for her
but….when she dates someone else and not him, it’s “I did all that for her
and look what she did to me! Going out with that guy. The ungrateful
bitch!”
9. Nice guy, as in the guy who says her boyfriend is a douche, an asshole
and she should leave him, because he’s not good enough for her, so he
can get in their and ride her all night long, and but pretends it’s because
he so cares for her
You mean that Nice Guy?
I don’t see anything nice about that.
But in regards to ﬁnishing the race, you give them too much credit. They don’t
even start the race, never mind ﬁnishing a girl, and giving her multiple orgasm.
No, he doesn’ t ﬁnish on any girl.
Not even close ;)
The real nice guys, don’t do any of that. They are more authentic, direct and they
are not cowards.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 19 years old, and after two years together, my girlfriend
wants to abstain. She hopes to ﬁnish school, then get married,

and even though she’s on the pill, she says she doesn’t want to
get pregnant. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You asked world, so each has their opinion, from personal view and I’m giving my
personal response and answer.
That happened to a few of my mates.
You know what happened? The girls ﬁnished and fucked oﬀ with someone else.
It’s her body but it’s your time, and she cannot promise you anything in future,
marriage and all that, which some of my friends found out the hard way.
If you’re a passive in this, where she dangle sex like a carrot then this dictates the
relationship later on and how do you know she will then not want sex after the
studies and after university etc.
You have to think for yourself as she is only thinking for herself too. She is putting
herself ﬁrst, so you need to do that for you too.
Do not be passive and start thinking love is enough.
Love is never enough.
The dynamics of relationship has changed and therefore, whatever you promised
to her is also out of the window, done, dusted and whatever she promised has
shown it doesn’t mean much either.
I would not wait for her.
I would not wait for her to ﬁnish studies or marriage. She can abstain all she
wants but on her own.
We have enough passive men already in this world complaining about how their
wives and girlfriends dangle sex like a carrot. Far too many examples of guys
waiting around, thinking they haven’t got other options, wasting years on women
who then be in relationship with someone else.
You decide, it’s your choice but me personally, meh, I’d move on.
It be over and done, and I’d move on. I respect her wishes but she respects mine
when I say I’m moving on.
2 years gone by, it’s an investment but you may ﬁnd this will cause problems later
on as well and it’s not healthy for you with no sex for years. It’s not for your self
esteem, nor biologically and nor psychologically.
Think of yourself as she thought of herself too.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I move on from the idea that I missed out on my
girlfriend’s slightly cuter phase? She mistakenly rejected me
ﬁve years ago but we are now ready for each other. I'm sad that I
missed out on her slightly prettier years.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Understandable. I’m an artist too, love beauty and art, you know, the aesthetic. I
can’t stand abstract art shit but you know beauty in a more logical form for me.
I draw and paint women a lot, for my music, dating sex books I am working on. It
was a complete transformation of my life to do so.
So I understand what you mean.

Attraction in visual is important for you and there is nothing wrong with that.
You’re not saying you don’t take consideration of personality but there is
something now of a deeper issue you want to understand.
That is why you feel this way and how to move forward.
Here’s the thing and I know this may sound harsh on her but it is the way it is,
and I get tons of shit for this but hey, here goes…
1. The Lover type.
She only cared about the look as well, the excitement, the fun, about
fucking some guy who is the lover type. This is the process girls go
through to woman. Not all but many go through this.
They reject you, put you on stand by.
Then for years they will go and have fun, dating for appearance, fucking
some guys, satisfying their lust, their desires, their pleasures and
wanting the eye pleasing as they do. They objectify even when women
say they don’t. Yes they look at other things but to deny this is happening
is really unathentic to me.
She did that. Nothing wrong as well for her to do so.
It’s human nature and we somehow always to make it sound like a crime.
Like it doesn’t even happen. Like women are innocent, fragile, pure and
it’s just man with these natural hormones and instinct.
That women do not fantasize about sex and want hard pounding sex,
and nor do they fantasize about role rape, about being pinned to the wall
and all the things most like us to believe they don’t think about because
they are angels, they are innocent, they are pure, they are good girls, and
everyone else who does is bad.
In the beginning she went for the sexual appeal.
That’s the ﬁrst value she went for = Sexual Appeal.
She went for the excitement, heart racing, the body tingling and body
shaking, and pussy throbbing.
2. The Friend
She knew that if you kept in touch, that she can do all that and you will
be around her and orbiting around her. Or that at least you are reachable
if it all didn’t work out with men in the future.
You then become the.…standby
She would have probably kept in touch with text, phone and you in hope
things can happen did the same. However, years went by as she followed
the process below…
3. The Potential boyfriend
After some years, she will have dated done many a things with guys and
now she starts looking for relationship. However, this time, she dangles
sex like a carrot because she experienced that she cannot control a lover.
She cannot control him with sex but she can….with some guy who is
passive, who hasn’t much options as a lover has.
She looks at her stable of guys who….orbit around here and who think

they have been friendzoned.
However, it doesn’t work out.
One by one, they leave because she is dangling sex like a carrot and also
she has many insecurities that she is projecting. Also they haven’t the
lover’s conﬁdence. It’s boring as she can get away with lots of things with
these guys where she can’t with a lover type.
There is also another reason.
She still wants the excitement, the heart racing, the body tingling, the
fantasy and all she cannot do with these nice guys. She fears they will
judge her and she cannot be herself with them. She also knows they
haven’t the sexual conﬁdence and experience.
So back she goes to attracting the lover type who satisﬁes her pleasures
without judgement.
More years go by and her youthful look is going and she is now busy,
work, job, life is hectic. She hasn’t money like celebrities with plastic
surgery or hitting gym 5 days a week and posting images on instagram of
her tits and ass, and curves and getting sponsorship.
Though she desires the lover type, she is in conﬂict in the world she lives
in. Mummy got expectations and so does daddy. Her friends getting
married and having children and she wonders what will everyone else
think of her. She sees that around her and on facebook and though being
with a lover is amazing she also tries to live up to other people’s
expectations and norms.
4. The Provider
Her biological clock is ticking and now she has got to make a move if she
wants children. It is biological and also psychological.
The begining was Sexual Appeal value.
The end is Stability Value.
Now that her youthful years are spent, now that she isn’t young
anymore, now she isn’t cute as she was, now that her biological clock is
ticking, she wants stability.
This is where the provider comes in.
The provider isn’t necessary about money, but rather more about
stability in relationship and she knows now, the pool of men are dating
younger women and if she doesn’t make a move now, she might ﬁnd
herself single. She might not be able to have….children.
Dating becomes very frustrating for her. It does for a lot of women who
once had the pool of men at their grasp.
So now…here’s you.
She probably more inclined to be with you, will say yes because now you
are valuable to her, sure now she sees your stability, she wants stability
and she knows you can give it

BUT….
Are you in love with her or the IDEA of her?
From an artist to an artist, who is also a Man, my message to you is this..
You will never be happy to an extent that you ﬁnd peace being with her and the
relationship with her.
You will always want the idea of her.
If so, then you can date women who have sense in understanding looks do matter
and they are ﬁne with it and they desire a man like you.
I am like that. An artist, a sexual lover who dates….younger women.
All the other women who knew me when I was younger desire me now but I have
said politely to them…
“I am ﬂattered but not interested.”
They don’t understand why but really, deep down they fucking do know. They
had the opportunity when I was in my 20s and didn’t take it.
Now they are interested after they had their fun?
It is easy for them to say it’s all just about the look but where was their mind when
I approached?
What makes them so judgmental now when they are wanting me to be with them
after all these years?
Not a chance. Not going to happen.
I have changed as they have changed but I have always been an artist who likes
women, the looks, beauty, and I don’t apologise for it, nor apologise for being
sexual. They are only in love with the idea of me and also now desire that
stability, that relationship which I am not going to give to them.
Instead I give to women I am with right now who are my lovers and who
embraced who I am from day one.
It’s my life and no one in the world pays my bills, takes my risks, lives my
struggles, and lives my life and so I don’t care what society thinks on what I
should or shouldn’t be doing.
I have the looks with women and they also have personality.
Of course I am not just going to go for them just for the look but I like tits, ass, I
like the young smooth skin and I also love sex. So even though I am attracted to
beauty I also ﬁnd more about the women, so I am not with a woman who is up to
her eyeballs with insecurities about sex, got lots of drama in her life and all that.
1. There is compatibility.
2. There is understanding.
3. There is knowing her and she knows me.
4. There is maturity.
5. There are boundaries.
Lots of things most women and men do not realise even with a sexual lover when
he approaches, and he likes the beauty. Just because we like beauty doesn’t mean
we don’t question other factors.

The younger women love sex. They love art. They love what I do. They travel with
me and they see my world. They are high sexuals and they desire what I desire…
excitement, fun, adventure and that’s awesome for me.
So you need to be honest with yourself.
Beauty is important to you and yes, you’re not just saying it’s just about beauty,
because no one is going to be with someone young and beautiful, to get treated
like shit, if he’s a man who isn’t passive and got his head screwed right.
You know what you want.
You’re just having trouble due to the societal programming that’s making you feel
guilty or ashamed, and you think you got some sense of responsibility for her.
You haven’t.
She’s not a princess and fragile.
She doesn’t need saving.
This will always trouble you if you’re with her.
It’s not about her. It’s not about anything but this..
You are going against your own psychological position and sex position,
You are going against who you are deep inside if you go with her.
That is why you have this sense and feeling of conﬂict. That social conditioning
in which it tells you, that looks are not important and that personality is only
important but it is not true.
They are both important.
How much is really up to you not anyone here or out there.
This is not your nature to avoid such matters and it’s causing unrest within you
and always will. You’re an artist. You’re a rebel. You love beauty and it will also
inspire you in life as a man if you are true to yourself.
Your nature is, you love beauty but also depth.
You love tits, ass, curves, smooth skin but you love a woman’s mind. You love the
contour of a woman, certain features of her face and you have deep sexual desire
but you are also loving, and will give a woman all the love.
But if you go with her you will compromise your nature..
It is a voice inside of you is the Natural man that says..
“Listen man. You fear loss with her but you lost her long again. You gave her the
moment but she didn’t take it. You gave her that time when she was cute, youthful
and it is who you are. Nothing changed even after those years with you in what you
desire but it is not her that you desire. It is the..IDEA of her and her IDEA has long
gone, far away as she lived her life, without even a moment in wanting to be with
you romantically and sexually, until her beauty and youthful look faded. You are in
love with the IDEA of her not her. Move on my man. It is not in your nature.”
The Social Conditioned voice, a man imprisoned says..
“Look here! You are being shallow! She has personality. She has other things than
her look. How can you be like that man. You disgusting man. You pervert. You
player. You asshole who just want to objectify women. You just wanted her for the
look and now her look is gone, you feel she’s not good enough for you, huh? You think
you’re special do you? You think you deserve more do you?”

You deserve whatever you desire but doesn’t mean you always get it but at least
you are honest in what you want and try to do so.
If there is conﬂict now in regards to her inside you, it will not be silenced by you
being with her. It won’t be silenced by relationship with her or having children
with her.
If she goes with you, you will hurt her in the end and not because you're a
bad guy and all that.
It’s because…
You will always be looking at the IDEA of her and not really her. That girl you met
is gone. That woman you desired has gone. She has changed. She isn’t that
woman anymore and she knows it and you know it.
I know it sounds harsh.
I know what I am writing sounds brutish.
I know it’s sounds animal and unforgiving.
I know it just sound crazy to even think this is a process of woman and even man
but…I do not live in the plane of what most live in.
I am an artist but an artist who wanted truth, who paints truth, who writes songs
of truth and who writes what he feels is truth or what is the point of life?
What is the point if we always live towards people’s expectations and not be true
to ourselves right now?
I am giving you answers to why you feel this way without judgment on you as an
artist, a lover, a sexual man who has been where you are right now.
And I am saying to you, let her go.
That woman is gone. That is only then idea of her and she is gone.
This is not your Natural State of being.
You know this and it will haunt you and you will hurt her. You don’t want to hurt
her and you will because what you desire is real.
You are right now doing things out of scarecity mode my friend and you can go
out in world and live. Go to Italy. Go to Paris. Go to Venice. Go to Switerzerland.
Go and live and you will create so many options to look back to realise all you fell
for was an idea of her and carried this idea for too long.
She has years to go in her life.
Let her then be with someone who sees her without judging yourself, without
feeling guilty or shame. There is no shame in being a man who desires what he
wants.
There is honour in this.
You then will meet other women, and will fall in love with a woman who you
desire and who desire you.
The rest is up to you.
It’s your life.
It’s your painting of your life.
Let each stroke then be an honest one and of that where you embrace who you
really are, without guilt, without shame.

Be the Natural Man who looks in the mirror and sees himself for real and not
societal programming, guilt and shame for what he desires.
In doing so, you will ﬁnd peace as a man, as a lover and as an artist who is honest
with his work, his lifestyle as he is with the relationship with women.
12.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys hate about those girls who have a crush on them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Think we can read minds.
Yes, girls think we can just read their signals and hints, like we got a
manual that tells us what their morse code crap means. It’s not that we
don’t know, for real. It’s because we have done it before and seen we got
it wrong and now, to hell with looking for signals and hints.
We just approach girl we are attracted to and too busy to even notice a
girl doing all those smoke signals. It’s far easier and less mind power to
do so. It also saves us from wasting energy being frustrated what she
means.
Now we don’t give a damn what a girl means. Most of us just focus on a
girl we are attracted to and approach. If you are doing signals, well, sorry
but we are going to be too distracted looking at a girls ass than
deciphering your morse code.
2. Avoidance
Christ the drama they create and makes it so awkward, behave weird,
irrational and that it kills attraction, like…they do the dis-interest
behaviour. Seriously? You think that shit works.
Playing hard to get?
It only works on guys who got a lot of problems, baggage and that’s what
a girl attracts. Have you noticed when the chase is over, the guy loses
interest? That’s what play hard to get does.
3. Tells a friend she likes you.
I know she can’t carry her own, and hasn’t much conﬁdence. If a girl
likes to feel special, so does a guy and she killed that moment.
4. Can’t be yourself
They live in some fantasy fairy land where the guy cannot show
emotions. The guy cannot show vulnerability. The guy got to be Macho.
We can’t be romantic. No, we can’t and so now we don’t in the beginning.
She got to have it slow, like the movies, nice, gentleman, so special, she’s
so the one and only. Like Hollywood. We now got to pretend we are not
interested and drag it on, soe she can feel special, like a princess, like
Cinderalla.
Also, I have seen girls who have a guy that shows them some weakness,
and they are telling him…men shouldn’t cry, or men should be weak. He
must be a guy without any problems in his life. WTF!
He’s got to be perfect 24/7.
He’s got to be SUPERMAN!
The girl expects guy to feel something for her when she breaks down,

and show empathy and then complains he doesnt.
Hello! Of course he doesn’t.
You told him he should never show weakness, never be weird, never be
clumsy, must be perfect like the movies, like the romance novels. Must
be Macho like Conan!
5. Demanding.
She’s not even your girlfriend and she’s pissed you’re ﬂirting with some
guys. Girls don’t realise they don’t apppoach guys, so it’s easier for them
to have tits and ass, and a guy will approach if they don’t act all weird. So
they got a pool of guys approaching and giving them attention.
But we guys, we have to approach and so, it is not rational to approach
one girl only, but many because girls are known to be ﬂakes, known to
play hard to get, known to believe in romance fairytale and take too long.
So it’s not oﬃcial; until it is and therefore we guys have to approach
many.
But no. The girl thinks she’s special, she’s the one and yet she has not
said yes, has not made a move when you have, and expect a guy to only
focus on her.
She demands he must only guy talk to her and must never been seen out
there in world….ﬂirt with other girls.
If he does, he must be a player.
Get a life! Your world is diﬀerent to men.
You have a pool of guys who approach but we guys got to do all the work,
approach and do all that most women spineless to do.
So if it’s not oﬃcial, if she cannot show interest, if she doesn’t lock it in,
then what does a girl expect? Show interest or stop whining.
Demands to text more, call more. Ridocolous!
6. Manipulation
Most girls play this love bomb in begining. Lavishing you with
admiration. Then all of a sudden, after a few conversations, due to their
own frustrations, insecurities, baggage, fear….they use the devalue
technique.
Then…dissappear.
This leaves the guy confused. He had hope and now she is in despair.
Hopefully most guys caught on with these tricks girls use.
Also tries to do the jealousy thing by talking about other guys, about
some ex, about who she’s fucking.
It is a turn oﬀ. It tells a guy you are not interested. It doesn’t increase
your social value in his eyes but decreases it.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

If you like someone, and you see them doing something
unattractive, should you stop liking them?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I bet you got tons of things that you’re doing that’s not attractive like all of us has.
One of them is you thinking you can just tell someone they are doing something
unattractive, or stop liking them.
Best you just move along and leave this person because if you ﬁnd one thing
unattractive right now and think like this….you will see on other things and be
controlling and abusive later on.
Then you’ll blame the person hasn’t this, or that, or this, and does that and this,
and make it a reason why you cheated on this person. Or why love didn’t happen
so forth.
We all got something unattractive that we are doing but we also like peple to
mind their business until they are in deep relationship with us and…earned…that
trust and right to say something about it.
It’s called…boundaries.
Do you know the person’s boundaries?
My boundaries is no one tells me what they don’t like about me, or who I am or
stuﬀ you are on about…until…they have shown me respect, time, committment
to me, invested time, love, patience or they are not just a nobody to me who
should mind their own business.
So do you know this person’s boundaries?
It might be the similar.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl I like keep sending me random texts even after
she friendzoned me?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. You let her.
2. You haven’t blocked her number
3. You are passive guy who still have hope to get between her legs
4. Because you fear losing her
5. Because she thinks she can use you for emotional support, like an
emotional tampon, tell you all her stories on how she fucks guys, stories
of her ex and in west and everywhere else, they call this “friendship.” I
call it a guy who hasn;t much options and needs to get his priorities
straight
6. Because she….knows….she…can due to knowing a guy like you will
probably orbit around her in hope to impress her
Nice guys. Always thinks it’s someone else’s fault/
Can’t seem to say to girls:
“I am not interested in being your friend, and so, if you are not interested in me
romantically, well forget it then, Stop sending me text messages.”
See how she made a decision to say no to you, easily. Without any eﬀort but you
can’t even say no to her in texting and being friends with you.
Why?

Because you got this idea like most nice guys, that if you do, you lose the chance
of ever getting between her legs.
That’s why you let this continue.
She’s not the problem. Sjh is a woman, who wants to survives, who will get
whatever for stimulus, from from guys, resourves, time, attention, whatever and
there will be plenty for her to do that, to make her feel important.
No one can do anything to you without your permission.
If you don’t want her to text you, be “friends” with you, then let her know.
It is that simple. So simple because I didn’t need my dick for this. 99% every guy’s
problem with girls is because they think with their dick.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you could choose not to fall in love, would you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have learnt more about myself through each relationship. Some didn’t work out
but some did. Some grew for years because of the experiences in which I took
them as lessons to grow from and learn much more.
I am a greater lover because I learn to love again and again. I am a better human
being because of it and I am stronger for it too.
I have no fears of love and I will love again and again until the day I die. I’m a
warrior, so I take the good and bad in life, and if I want the good then I shouldn’t
be complaining about the bad either.
That doesn’t mean I don’t have boundaries and it doesn’t mean I’m a push over
either. It just means I am willing to keep being open to to love rather than hate,
rather than fear, rather than fearing the unknown and rather than trying to
control because it is fear based, rather than fear of being hurt.
I learnt a great deal from love, like love is not enough.
That it needs knowledge, skills, compatibility which is one of the most important
part most ignore and fall head ﬁrst due to infatuation. It needs maturity, it needs
communication and it needs work which everyone has it in them if they stop
thinking the grass is greener on the otehr side and rather it is where we water it
then most.
It needs more of me understanding myself and human beings. It never stops.
Learning continues as always and I embrace the journey and willing learning
much more.
I have been hurt before, and I probably get hurt again but I won’t choose not to
love. I won’t be a slave to fear.
But I won’t be in love and be in a relationship with women who don’t love, and is
scared of showing vulnerability, who are emotionally cold, who don’t love
themselves and believe me, there are many women like that.
So no, I will not choose not to love but I also won’t ever be naive to believe love is
enough either. I will and have armed myself with knowledge, specialsed skill and
a hell of a lot of experience. All of which has helped to nurture the relationships
and make better choices.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy think and see things? Do some guys like
reading books, but are ashamed of admitting it? How do they
judge girls, by the way they look or something else? Do they like
slim girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will go like this…
“Look at that ass. Those tits! I would love to bang her. Man imagine sex with her
Mmmmm.I am going tap that. Let’s check her out..”
This is what a guy with low self esteem thinks..
“DAYUUUUUUUUM! Look at her ass. Her tits. She’s gorgeous! BUT….She’s so out of
my league! I wonder if she got a boyfriend? But what if she rejects me? What do I say?
What if she doesn’t like me? But why would she go out with a guy like me? What if
she rejects me in a humilating way in front of all these people? Why isn’t my legs
moving? If I don’t do something now she be gone? Please, go away before I take
action to say hi! What if I approach her and she gets oﬀended? Maybe she’s busy?
Maybe…oh forget it. I’m too busy. Yeah I am busy, erm, yeah, maybe next time if I
see her again..”
This is what a guy who wants to impress women thinks…
“I think about her as a person. How she has a personality. I fall for her knowledge
and how she knows science. The way she speaks about her passion about science
and this and that. I can feel it from a far because she wears glasses. I can read her
personality from 10 yards. I am approaching because of her personality. I can sense
her personality from here. I can feel her values from my mind power. Yes, all I see is
her personality. I don’t see her ass, tits, curves anything. It’s her personality. The
way she speaks about science, sharing me such knowledge and intellect is just a turn
on.…”
Here’s what girls thinks…
“I want it to be special. I want to be unique, Romantic. Like I read in the romance
novels. The way he doesn’t show me interest and yet he’s interested in me. You know
MYSTERIOUS! Doesn’t speak a lot but like short responses and hides who he is and
doesn’t tell me anything about his life…..mysterious.
Like slow. Like OMFUCKING GOD! Look at this guy! He’s gorgeous. Better not show
I’m interested. I hope he walks over to me. I’ll just pretend I am unavailable. Just
pretend…that…OMG! He’s so cute. Oooooh better not be too easy or he’ll think I’m a
right slut, whore, and then he won’t think I am…relationship…material. Has he
seen my signals yet? Doe he notice me? Maybe signal again, ﬂip my hair, look at him
like a naive innocent girl and turn away. Did he see?
If I get him as a boyfriend I will look so damn good in front of my friends. He’s so
good looking and it will make me look good too. Mum will think I have done great
and dad will shut up when he sees him ha!”
What the girl thinks when the guy approaches
“But what if he doesn’t like me? I don’t think I’m that attractive and my ass isn’t as
big as that girl, and this girl standing there has bigger tits than me. And this girl is
taller than me and I’m only 5”7 and she’s 6ft 1. And this one, the BITCH has a better
biggger tight ass than me. I knew I should have kept with the gym and did those
squats. But wait, he’s walking over to me. How can a guy like him approach a girl
like me? It’s got to be for sex. I mean who would want to date me with all these girls?
Yeah he just wants to use me but he’s so cool. He’s amazing. He’s cute but he’s too
good for me. What if it doesn’t work out? What if he leaves me after sex? How can I
frame it into a relationship? What if he’s a player?”

Here’s what sexual conﬁdent woman thinks..
“I’m am so having a piece of that. I wonder if he will want to come to our sex parties.
Maybe he might join me for a threesome? OMG! Imagine double penetation! I’m just
going to talk and ask him.”
There we go.
10.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get rid of the pain of unrequited love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you stop obsessing over unrequited love?

When you fantasize a lot but don’t take action, it builds a story in your mind and
you continue to put lots of eﬀort, emotions on the idea and it builds up. If you
continue to do so and do not approach someone except later on, the rejection can
hit you hard and lead you to even being depressed.
Many women and men fall for that because of their own inaction due to fear of
rejection and take too long to take action or don’t take action at all.
However, if you take action quick, without over-thinking, you ﬁnd that you
haven’t invested too much time, emotions and also building too much of a story
in your mind. Then if rejection happens or you ﬁnd the person is playing games,
manipulating, and is avoding showing any response, you can walk away. It
doesn’t hurt as much.
It’s why for example..
When a girl on here tried that love bomb bullshit, sending message of admiration
and said she’d like to meet in future, I knew instantly, something was up. I saw it
also in the next messages of her negativity beause these type of people, what they
do is they ﬁrst lavish you with admiration and then try the devalue technique.
They also take too long to respond.
My lover takes time to respond but she has explained why, due to her life,
challenges at work, and she is busy as I am too. It’s cool but this is diﬀerent to
girls who do the love bomb and you have to be careful to not fall for that shit.
I let her play along, but now I have blocked her good as I don’t trust her, have lost
respect for her and really, I can’t be assed with such immature behaviour. I did
give her two chances, but I ﬁnally decided, she’s not worth it.
So blocked her for good.
If you’re needy for validation, haven’t experience in relationships, in people and
life, if you do not have boundaries, you’d easily fall for these nasty piece of works
but for me, I can easily detect them early on to remove them out of my life.
I also know myself and I have principles regarding all this.
So that’s another reason you need to know yourself and not fall so easily or spend
far too much time on someone who hasn’t shown interest back, followed through
and shown mutual respect with you.
It is the investing in over thinking, emotions, that makes rejection real big but
also the immaturity, the lack of seperating fantasy from reality.
If you already invested, and you know 100% the other person is not interested in
you because you have already shown interest, then cut it oﬀ. Block everything,
remove from your life and move on.

If you haven’t approached and it is your own insecurities telling you they won’t
be interested, then approach, get it over with and ﬁnd the truth, and then move
forward or if it’s no, move on.
Love is two way not one way.
If it’s one way it is nothing but you falling in love in the idea of the person. It is
fantasy and nothing else but that.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says he thinks he's not good
enough for me, but also said he's having dirty thoughts about
me, and wants to sleep with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. He’s trying to make you pity him so you can lower your guard to feel
sorry for him. Your Psychological Mummy Ego State kicks in, feeling
sorry for him.
2. You will then feel like you are very special, unique, and how amazing you
are because this guy thinks you’re just too good for him.
3. If you don’t follow through then he wil devalue you. Or if he has met
someone else, he will devalue you, which is another technique.
4. You will then think something is wrong with you, but really, nothing is
wrong with you.
5. It is all to lead you to feel special to have sex with him.
6. When you do, he will make the same script in saying it won’t work out
because he is not worthy but then he will also devalue you at the same
time which confuses you.
He as a guy is the…..The Wounded Knight.
That’s what approached you.
The wounded knight…like Lancelot, he ambushes King Arthur on tricking the
Queen who falls for his pathetic sad despair on how he hasn’t found love. That
she can save him, show him love, show him he is worthy of being loved. That he is
good enough…for…her.
After all, she is a queen in his eyes and so how can he be good enough for her.
She slowly falls for him in believing she needs to be like a mummy, caring for
him, soothing him which leads to the Queen having sex with him.
Bringing the Kingdom in dissarray and the knights of the round table loses it, and
divided they become.
The Queen believes something is wrong with her and it was all her fault for
destroying the knights of the round table unity and the kingdom.
The wonded knight doesn’t care about you and nor your kindgom. He comes to
lure you into doom and despair. Turning your world upside down. He gallops
away to his next mission for the grail ;) as he pretends he is a hero who cannot
ﬁnd love. He is the wonded knight.
This reinforces the script that he wants to believe, in that he won’t ﬁnd love, he is
unworthy of love and so he must be alone, well, not really alone, he is tricking
women to have sex with him, but all this calamity he creates becomes his fantasy
in which he says..

“See! It is true. I am unworthy of love. I am the wounded knight. Oh pity me women,
for I am unloved. I am not good enough for you. You are a queen, a princess in my
eyes and I am nothing. See how I am not good enough. I am the wounded knight. I
told you so. Didn’t I told you so long ago when we met?”
In time, he will devalue you when he has used you and tell you something is
wrong with you and you…will even believe it to be so.
Even if he doesn’t get sex…he will devalue you.
Until you realise he is playing you but by that time, he probably has ghosted you
and already trying it on with another woman.
Part of their Psychological Transactional game to stroke their ego.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Donna Kordestanchi

Should you tell a girl you just met that you're attracted to her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ve never been the nice guy, pretending to not be interested in a girl, and start
doing all these manipulative bullshit tricks. You know, get to know her for weeks
on end like some passive-aggressive guy.
My friend did that and that is why I am in relationship with a girl he wanted but
he waited too long. I only knew this girl one day and asked her out and done. He
waited for weeks trying to get to know her.
We have been in relationship now for about 6 years.
Remember, you’re not the only guy on this planet.
I like to move on faster in life and avoid girls who play games, and so if I feel
attracted to a girl, then I’ll let her know I am attracted to her.
I ﬁrst be playful, ﬂirt, so I can get to know if she has humour, as I like a girl who
likes to have fun, doesn’t take things seriously, even if I sexualise indirectly. Then
if I feel I do really like to know more of her, will suggest something.
So yes, in my own way, I will let her know.
Just can’t be assed waiting like some nice guy, as if she is “the one.” So let go of
the pedestal and just ask. She can say no and you can the move on faster.
If she says yes, well then, it will be one heck of a story with her friends on how
some guy was ballsy.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls really enjoy sex with strangers?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some do. I meet them in sex parties and we have sex. I have only met them right
there and then at sex parties. Haven’t seen them before until then.
Then there is when I am in night club, where it gets real heated, sexual tension
soaring high, so we sometimes have sex in alley, in car, or when we go to the
girls’s or my house. Or it be a wedding, and after a long while, drinks, we ﬁnd
ourselves somewhere having sex.
So it does happen but the girl has to ﬁrst be attracted to you, and second, she has
to feel comfortable, and there’s a lot of sexual tension. Sometimes she’s horny
before she met you and being conﬁdent can lead to sex very fast.
8.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm falling for the same guy again, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not in an easy position.
In all honesty, if a girl I was attracted to didn’t show intent back and pushed me
away with her lack of interest, her behaviour, her distance, then when she tries
later on, I will see her as nothing more than a Siren.
A woman who seduces men to lure them in for nothing more but for attention,
and for playing mind games, and leaving them in despair.
So I will distance myself, block her, or move on because I don’t trust her. No one
wants to get hurt and used.
And so, if you tried again, a year later, he will like myself, be very cautious of you
because the pattern will reveal itself in my memory and I will remember how it
was when I approached you the ﬁrst time and will be very wary.
The best thing to do is something you probably haven’t done..
Tell him calmly..
“I made a mistake because when you did approach me the ﬁrst time, I didn’t know
what to do. I was really confused but since I got to know you, after a year, I am glad I
didn’t and glad that I do right now, want to date you. I have seen much more of you
that I admire, and I hope you don’t judge me for my behaviour in past and we can
start again, but in a romantic way not as just friends.”
Show vulnerablility because when you try to do so a second time, his memory
will come to play and so you cannot hide yourself. You need to show to his mind,
that there was a reason why you behaved in this manner back then and why you
desire him now.
That will take you to show vulnerability, honesty and being authentic.
He might not go for it but at least you have tried in an honest fashion than
playing hard to get.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Chonie Chai

Why did she get mad at me for asking her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She didn’t feel special
2. She didn’t feel unique
3. It doesn’t go with the fairytale fantasy she has in her head on how it
should go.
4. She felt she’s a piece of meat
5. She thought you only knew her for a moment as a worker
6. So there wasn’t much time, history yet, for you to ask her out while she is
a worker
It would have been better when it’s workers, to give time, lots of it, building
rapport as it’s very diﬀerent to just approaching a woman in street or night clubs,
as it shows there is no pretence, and asking the number was done in a certain
context that you’re into a woman.

This was done under a diﬀerent context.
You asked for her number in context of work and she saw it that way.
17.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dan Burge

Why do I unconsciously ﬂirt with every boy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. You want attention
2. You’re testing your skills
3. You want to see if you can attract guys
4. You’re comparing yourself to other girls, which girls/women do all the
time.
5. You’re bored
6. You want to have fun
7. You’re hormones saying, “Mmmm, turn me on, make me wet, I want
some, just ﬂirt, it’s ok to ﬂirt, I want attention, all eyes on me. I want to
feel gorgeous, wanted, desired..”
That’s why
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Honestly, what kind of guy could tolerate a pure and innocentlike girl in college?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Pure and innocent?
Yeah, right.
It’s funny how girls pretend to be so but in my book the Siren, this is a game when
a girl says it. It is manipulation on herself and on others. In also believing it to be
so, she behaves in a manner to reinforce her script.
Pure and innocent.
It’s hard for me to stay calm
That’s why guys won’t be interested in me.
I mean who would huh?
Then you behave in a manner to reinforce the script to hide in the shadow of your
fantasy for you to then say..
“See! Didn’t I say guys don’t want such a girl..”
There is no pure and innocent girl.
We are all a bunch of mess inside pretending we are better than others, more
special than others, innocent, pure, diﬀerent special. We perform, we become
many actors so that we reinforce our script to believe that is the reason why we
got what we got, haven’t got and where we are in life.
Innocent and Pure
These are labels in which you try to seperate yourself to judge other girls, as sluts,
whores and too easy, and as you say these words, the nice guy comes out, for you

to swoop in like a Siren and take advantage of them and use them to get
attention, and guys who are smart know this, we can feel the vibe.
You’re an angel, right, a princess, a girl stuck in a tower, untouched, and never
thinks about sex, never masturbated, never thinks about physical touch, never
curious about her body and nakedness.
Everyone is nice, an angel, good people and wars are not happening in the world,
people being abused are not happening, banks not ripping oﬀ people,
corporations are not eating up small business. Women not cheating on men, men
not cheating on women. Women not having aﬀaris and men not doing so.
Children don’t get abused and everyone is ﬁne and dandy.
Trees are not being cut for proﬁt. Landscapes not being turned and poisoned.
Corruptions isn’t happening. There are no gangs kidnapping girls and selling
them as prostitutes.
There are no Narcissts and Social Psycopaths in world.
Everyone is nice.
Peace in the world at last.
I’m a positive guy attitude but I am not naive.
Girls who say they are innoncent, pure, are girls I don’t trust because they are
girls who don’t know what they want, they are not innnocent but confused. They
are not pure but inexperienced, never took risks in their life and hide in the
shadow of someone else like parents, like fear, like social pressure and they hide
their vulnerability.
Since you haven’t taken risks in life, you haven’t yet got hurt, experienced both
sides of the world of love and not to be loved, and a lot of things.
One calls it innocent and pure. I call it a psychological problem.
Here’s why…
This is your script you are running in your mind and have been doing so way
back, before you was 10 years old, to deﬁne meaning for yourself to make you feel
special, unique, gives you a fuzzy feeling because all girls want to believe there
are princesses, pure, innocent and so special.
Before you was 8 years old, you decided something, it is called Decision of Life, in
which you decide what role to play, what mask to wear, what games to play and
what games to avoid playing.
This is called the Psychological Position which you decided. Then you decided
the position of sex.
So you’re script is….. I am innocent and pure…runs at an unconscious level and it
can be something like this..
“I wish I wasn’t so scared of being hurt emotionally and physically…”
Then the sex position i.e. gender…
“I don’t trust guys. I think they just want sex. I think they just want to date girls who
go to parties. I wish I can smile and ﬂirt, and get to know a guy. I wish I wasn’t so
scared of being hurt emotionally and physically..”
It can also be general..
Positiuon..
“Everyone is nice and I am a innocent pure girl with some wild in me..”

Sex position..
“But I don’t trust guys, I think they just want sex and so they will use me because I
am innocent, pure, a good girl and a good girl doesn’t have sex with guys..”
In other words, innocent and pure is..
1. Scared of showing vulnerability
2. Hasn’t got much social skills
3. Doesn’t know herself well enough
4. Unapproachable
5. Doesn’t know how to ﬂirt
6. Always playing safe, hiding in the shadows
7. Awkward and has social anxiety
And so what does a girl do or what game and mask she wears?
Does she play the helpless princess?
Does she play the damsel in distress?
No, she plays the game of….I’m a good girl, innocent and pure with a touch of wild
and lack of calmness.
She will probably ghost guys later on in life because the moment a guy gets
serious, she then pulls back as she never felt this feeling before.
She then becomes “not so nice.” She doesn’t care a damn how the guy gets hurt. I
have met many girls who say..
“Ooh I am nice.”
They are the worse kind because if they have to say it then they are not behaving
it. They are the ﬁrst who will ghost someone, hurt a guy, and make all this
innocent and pure as an act to reinforce their script and for the guy to believe she
is innocent and doesn’t know, and he gets himself drawn into her seductive
game.
Then she says to people and guys, she is innocent and pure…with a touch of
wild…non calmness, behaves that way to reel in the guys because that is all she
knows to do.
It sounds sexy - innocent, pure, untouched! Smooth skin that is untouched. A
goddess! And she’s wild as well so what if he can unlock that uncalmness into a tidal
wave? Is what the guys mind is now thinking.
And guys then, who are naive, don’t realise their white knight and sexual basic
instinct is triggered.
Girls know the knight trigger in the guys.
“I am a knight, I will protect her, make her feel safe, secure, from the monsters of
bad boys.”
He becomes that nice guys, where the “good girl performs,” and when she attracts
these guys, who pretend to be her friends, but want to get between her legs to
later on ask her out…
She now has the excuse..
“See! All guys just want sex, but I’m a good girl, a nice girl, an innocent pure girl
with..a touch of wilderness, not calm...”

You have reinforcd this script again but you and I know, don’t we, you’re not
innocent or pure. You are but trying to deﬁne meaning in your life, trying to
ﬁgure yourself out, have a lot of guilt, shame, about sex, about nakedness, about
your fears of showing vulnerability.
You haven’t really lived.
You’re approachable and made yourself so.
That is why you have got the result and so you now try to make yourself believe
that..
“What guys would want a girl who is innocent and yet not calm..”
“I’m am innocent and pure. I’m not calm though…” gives you this excuse to not
socialise, to not mingle, to avoid showing vulnerability and to atract only the
meek guys who then treats you bad.
Pure and innocent script is similiar to the Helpless Princess script.
She tells a guy about how she has a guy who treats her bad. The nice guys falls for
her performance and thinks he can now swoop in and pretend to be her friend.
He rationalises she is helpless, a princess, out of his league, he must protect her,
to impress her and show her he’s better than her boyfriend.
Is this familiar, guys?
He doesn’t realise she is a Siren, a seductress, whether she does it uconsciously or
consciously doesn’t matter. She is performing her psychological position.
He doesn’t realise it’s all her craving for….attention.
She tells him the boyfriend doesn’t treat her right and she’s so fragile, so good,
never did anything bad to him.
The nice guy, begins to spend time, with texting, phone calls, taking her out but
she is always going back to this bad boyfriend and has sex with him.
In other words, she is using the boyfriend for sex and the nice guy for emotional
support.
The moment the nice guy asks her out, she begins to change, she has got her
attention, she becomes distant, texting stop, messaging stops, and dissappears
for a while, and leaves the nice guy in despair.
Any guy who says, “I am a nice guy, a good guy, so why am I not dating and got a
girlfriend..” Is the same as a girl who says “I am a nice girl, innocent, and pure,
well, not too innocent but I am though..”
Both should be avoided because they are not really nice people.
They are both doing the same game.
You’re not innocent or pure. No girl and guy is innocent and pure.
You’re really…
1. Inexperienced
2. Naive
3. You fear showing vulnerability
4. You hide under the shade of social anxiety
5. You don’t know what you want
6. You yearn…for attention

You know very well, it has nothing to do with innocent and pure, and how you are
not so calm.
You are unaproachable.
You don’t take risks.
You yearn for attention but you dare not step out of the shadow to ﬂirt with guys,
and therefore your result of “I am innocent and pure and how guys won’t want a
girl like me who is little wild too…” is reinforced by your behaviour.
It is your fantasy world.
It all makes you feel it makes sense to why you are where you are with the results
you have. That is all it’s about. Making sense. Meaning. A performance.
It makes you feel you got meaning and makes you feel you’re special, unique,
because every girl wants to believe…she’s a princess, pure, innocent, stuck in a
tower and one day Prince Charming will appear, he will come to the rescue her,
and unleash her wild side with furicious lust and passion.
But she ﬁnds, such things is nothing but fairytale.
12.3k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I met a while ago said no to giving me her number
because she vaguely remembers me, how can I get her to know
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a girl is into a guy she won’t say no but give you her number. She won’t say
she’s not interested because she wants to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
So she will say…
“No, because I only vaguely remember you.”
Even getting a girl’s number means nothing.
It doesn’t mean a date.
She has shown her intent in her action. That she isn’t interested in you. It is rare
for a girl to say she is not interested in you because they have probably
experienced guys who can’t take a no.
When they do say no, the girls are hounded, they are called bitch, they are called
“you think you’re better than me,” and so on.
So they came out with a plan.
Instead of saying no to dating you or no to showing interest, they say no by saying
some excuse like, “I vaguely remember you.”
You’re lucky because if she did give you her number she would have wasted your
damn time due to her not being interested in you.
The goal is not the number. A phone number doesn’t mean a date. Any girl can
give a phone number and start playing around in wasting your time to later ghost
you.
The goal is the girl must say she is interested in you, she must show intent and
she hasn’t, so move on. She’s not interested.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nate Fortune

She told me before to don't bother her forever anymore, after 3
months I messagred her but still she replied. Does it mean she
don't mean it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is it you don’t get?
Woman tells you to never bother her forever and you go and message her 3
months later. You need to see a therapist because you seem to not respect
people’s privacy and that she said leave her alone, she doesn’t want to know you
or you bothering her anymore.
It means, leave her alone for good, forever.
Move on.
2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carolina Mendez

Did you sleep with your spouse on the ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my lovers, 12 years now, and we had sex on ﬁrst date. It was actually an
hour after we met. Then theres my other lover and I met her at a library. I was
looking for a book and all hell broke loose.
I took a book out and suddenly lots of book went slamming down on ﬂoor and
everyone looked at me. Imagine big massive library ﬂoor and one tiny sound and
it sounds real loud.
She helped me to put books back and got talking, got Sssshed by the librarian so
we walked outside and from there, my house was only 10 mins. I said I have books
on Psychology she would want to read.
Yes my excuse and she knew what I was doing and moment we got inside my
place, we were all over each other and sex.
I have been dating her for 7 years.
My lover of 17 plus years, we had sex also fast. It was when I met her second time.
First time was at the night club in university and when I took her home, kiss and
drove home. Then I met her a few days later, and we had sex.
So this thing most people think that if you have sex with someone on ﬁrst date,
you won’t see the man or woman again is a myth.
I also know friends who met and had sex on ﬁrst date and they’ve been with each
other for years. Some are married with children.
It’s really more on the guy and girl one meets.
You can’t control whether someone stays with you in a relationship and there is
no point dangling sex.
It’s a myth.
I’ve seen far too many evidence in my life and others to know this is nothing but a
myth. It’s an outdated concept.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know that you are both secretly in love with each
other? But you already confessed to someone that you like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, when you’re 16, 18, 19 or even 25, you have this mindset that you got all
the time in world. You date someone, the infatuation goes, you ﬁnd yourself
stuck and you get to a stage you get sick of where you are and move on.
But when you’re that age, you forget and keep doing the same mistake, over and
over, and over again because you think you got all time in world without thinking
of the pain you get going through.
I’m not 16, 18, 25 but older and so, time for me is very valuable and when I start
something, I ensure I make sure to nurture what I start and I know, it won’t be me
who fucks up being immature or fearful, or makes excuses about anything.
That is the same with what you call “secret love.”
I do not believe in that bullshit and never will because love is not enough. Doesn’t
mean I don’t believe it love but love needs help.
If I show intent to someone, and they do not show it back to me, I immediately
move on. I will still care for the person but I won’t give them another chance
because time is short. I value time.
I can love someone else who loves me back.
I also have self respect and so why would I invest my time, my eﬀort, my energy,
on someone who doesn’t feel the same way as me and…who doesn’t show it
visibly to me?
I don’t need to guess, nor wonder, not waste my time ﬁguring out anything. If I
have to guess, wonder, she is not worth my time.
I show intent.
Why would I even get to a stage of “love” for someone who has yet shown intent
back, put time, eﬀort and committment?
If a woman cannot show back then there is no room for love from me because I
don’t spend my energy on someone at that level, who hasn’t shown intent back in
action. And the one who desires chasing time and time again, and later changes
her mind after you give up, doesn’t really love you.
She will later break your heart more than any woman because the chase is over
and you’ll ﬁnd she never did love you even when in relationship or marriage. She
just sees you as a trophy and she’ll want another one years later.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Carolina Mendez

What does it mean when he says'"It's not you. It's me?"? We’ve
been together for 5 months and he wanted to part ways with
me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, good on you for being direct and being authentic in sharing your feelings. It
wasn’t easy to do and with someone else who feels the same way as you do, he will
have replied in a diﬀerent way and says he feels the same way.
This “It’s not you, it’s me,”
Is nothing more than a rejection but done in a way to avoid conﬂict,
awkwardiness, and to let you down easily.
Many guys also get this from girls but in a diﬀerent way, like when a guy
approaches a girl and she isn’t really attracted to him, she won’t say no to avoid
conﬂict. So some of the things girls do is..

1. They don’t say anything and ghost the guy. They avoid showing intent
back and dissappear. That alone should be a red ﬂag for you to avoid
them as well.
2. They block you, avoid you and ignore you. They don’t reply.
3. The lead the guy on and play hard to get without any intention of
wanting to date then guy. These are attention seekers.
4. They might say “I’m too busy at the moment with studies and blah blah.”
5. “I’m not ready for a relationship.”
6. “My dad won’t let me because he’s religious,” (roll eyes)
So as you see, it’s a rejection but to avoid conﬂict they say something else like.
They don’t say outright now and instead say something else.
When he ignored you, it was a sign for you to just leave it alone. If a guy ignores
you then take it he won’t care anyway if his behaviour hurts you.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Talisa Verzosa

What tips you have on creating events/activities?
Adam Taha, I use social media
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before you create any activities and events..
1. Find out what problem people want to solve and why.
2. Have a list of ideas you already have just to spark conversation and ideas.
3. See which one is priority
4. See if others are already doing something and combine eﬀorts. Even if
they are scarce by combining resources it will make it easier for you. It
will make it look good for these organisations too.
5. If not, get other people who are like minded and feels the same as you,
involved.
6. Then start from there.
7. When you have done one activity, shine the light on others, name the
people, what they did and they will want to do more work with you.
8. Thank the audience as well who came to join in and who helped to make
it a success.
9. Start small.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sebastián Martínez

Should I text him ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Who texts ﬁrst?
You know, I never saw it as who texts ﬁrst and who doesn’t. I left that world long
behind me. I have always believed in being authentic and honest about one’s
feelings and desires.
If you are intrerested in this guy, text him.
Have a goal in mind if you ﬁnd the response is good. Instead of texting back and
forth through weeks as it gets boring for a guy, lead to suggest something later on
as you text back and forth.

Life is too short for waiting on life to hand you anything or assuming anything.
Make life exciting. Let go of pride on who must do what ﬁrst and whether he is
interested or not.
Are you interested in the guy?
Then go ahead and text. It doesn’t take anything away from you but it will help
you develop a knack for taking an action even if a guy is not interested.
Text him, not because of ﬁrst or last.
Do it because you want to be a leader of your life and you create the opportunities
in your life while others debate who text ﬁrst and why you don’t or why you wait.
I’m sure you’re smart enough to avoid wondering about these things and you’re
more of a proactive person.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nadja Gil

This girl and I have been talking and both like each other. She's
19 and her dad wouldn't let her go out. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let her go mate and I’ll explain why.
There is a thing called friction.
I always look at the logistics of things and one of them is friction. This friction
can be her being religious and she won’t have sex until marriage. I know she can
forget me waiting. Not interested. That’s friction.
Friction is also, a girl that has a lot of baggage. Let’s say she once dated a social
psychopath and so, she will have lots of insecurities now, about guys, about how
all guys are players. You can say something true and it is a compliment and she
will see it as negativing. She has this perception and so, I will not bother with her
either.
That’s friction.
It can be a girl who for example says to me, she is so busy studying, doing her
degree and for me to wait for 3 years for her if I love her. Not a chance.
That’s friction.
So friction are obstacles and if the other person isn’t going to sort out and
compromise, half way, and the girl says..
“OOoh my dad is this, and that, and this and I can’t date guys because dad is
this..”
That is friction I am not going to handle and I will have moved on.
You see, dating is already full of challemges as it is. The last thing you need is
orbiting around a girl, putting her on a pedestal, thinking she’s then “one,” when
there are billions of girls out there who haven’t this friction and who you will be
attracted to in the same way with this 19 year girl, or even more.
Friction.
Let her go and move on.
She has shown her intent. That she is not that interested in you to date you. The
pain is far greater than the pleasure.
In that if it was another guy that makes her pussy wet, believe me, she won’t think
twice doing whatever she can to date the guy.

There is friction and it is not worth your time pursuing any longer or she will
psychologically seduce you to be her emotiional tampon.
She’s already done it by telling you the sad story about her dad and her positon
and this will then become some friend relationship, where you feel sorry for her,
and you have long hours of phone calls WHICH you already did, and become
passive, and like some friend, giving her…emotional…support.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Matthias François

To what extent do a man need to chase a woman he fancies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The extent is..
1. You step up and show intent.
2. You ask her out
3. She says no
4. You move on
5. If she says yes, sorted.
That’s the extent.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Abdullah Hammad

How do I make conversation with a customer I think is cute?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First…check company policy before doing anything. They may have a policy
regarding this matter, whether for friendship etc.
If all is ok…
If she’s a gamer, you can just start a conversation about a game. Really anything
to get a conversation going.
It’s really diﬃcult. It’s diﬀerent if for example my friends who are women, they
approached guys who worke din shops, and asked thjem out. They are married
now with children.
Other asked a guy who worked as a cashier in a large supermarket and they are
now married, have children.
But when it’s other way, it can be diﬃcult. So start a conversation about games
and see where it goes from there.
You got your work cut out for you though.
Not easy to do and as you can see some don’t like guys talking to chat up even as
friends, but there are some who do.
So it can go either way, it’s just an opinion, nothing is fact.
One thing though, there are plenty of cute girls outside, so maybe spend more
time going out than playing games at home, it will get you to meet girls.
It will give you more options.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask a guy to go on a date through Instagram direct
messages if we haven't seen each other in a few years?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s been 5 years. You only like the idea of him.
So the best thing to do is shoot him a message ﬁrst. Get to know him again
through some messages and see his response. Find out ﬁrst where he is in life in a
few messages back and forth.
Then after that suggest something like going out for a drink.
And good for you for wanting to ask a guy out and being direct. I admire your
conﬁdence and quality thinking.
Wish more people were like that.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

If I like a girl a lot, but she doesn't like me, should I let her go
and give up?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You like the idea of her.
Let the idea of her go and move on. There is no use emotionally investing your
time, eﬀort and mind on someone who doesn’t recipocrate the same intense
feeling towards you.
So let go of this idea of her which you have fallen for and move on.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I have a boyfriend and we are together since about 3 years.
Since half of a year we both are less attracted, but do love each
other. What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the phases you go through..
1. Infatuation
This is when you are attracted to someone for whatever reason. You feel
your heart racing, butterﬂies in your stomach, nervous and hoping he
will say yes or ask you out.
This is attraction and it’s not a choice. Very diﬀerent to love as you will
see in the next phase.
Understanding this is chemicals kicking in but it doesn’t mean it’s not
real. The feelings are real but also appreciate this is what we call New
Relationship feeling and it can be addicted if you’re immature and lack
experience. In that you think if you don’t feel it strong as before after few
weeks, month or year, you believe something wrong.
Nothing wrong. Chemicals die out and attraction needs to built on.
2. Relationship
After sometime, you are now in a relationship and you have got intimate
with each other, physical and sexually. You will ﬁnd the feeling of
infatuation slowly begins to change to something else. It’s not the same
Kaboom, heart pounding but it can be with knowledge and skill, and
communication with each other.
You will see each other more and engage more in other activities.

3. Love and Committment
Soon, this New Relationship feeling will fade and it is here you need to
be wise and careful because the last thing you need to ever think that
this New Relationship feeling lasts forever without work.
It doesn’t.
You need to build on it and that means, you both work at it, expand the
horizon of your relationship to higher level.
Infatuation wasn’t a choice.
Love is.
You have both decided to commit to each other and to make it work, It
takes work but it can be pleasurable too.
This is where you need to be committed to each other and leave the
fairytale that it’s because this New Relationship Feeling is not there and
instead work to build on it. You don’t know and nor does he know
everything about you.
The mistake many make is thinking that because they don’t feel what
they felt in the begining, then something is wrong and that the grass is
greener on the other side.
The Grass is greener where you water it.
So then, both of you need to know how to make it exciting, and
adventureous, romantic and enjoy the journey together. It will be a
journey of so much more in discovering about each other at a deeper
level.
How to turn up the heat..Practically..
I do this with lovers and so I am not sharing something I don’t and
haven’t done…
a) Write down each others deepest sexual desires and experiment
together. I bet he doesn’t know your utmost deepest desires and nor you
know his. Be comfortable in sharing without judging each other and
experience them together and watch how your heart starts pounding at
then excitement, the vulnerability and adventure.
I have even charts of my lovers on their sexual desires and so we are
excited to try them. Have boundaries for each other and stay in those
boundaries you both agree on.
b) Role play. Hey, you’re already together but it doesn’t stop you acting
out meeting each other again, like you don’t know each other and ﬂirt
with each other at a bar, and have fun. Dress up, make it a day and night.
c) Use text to ﬂirt with each other and turn each other on. Have fun while
he’s at work and you’re at work, or when you’re not around each other.
Turn the heat on with what you’d do to him as he does the same.
d) Art of touching. It’s not always bang bang sex. This time, massage,
touch, just do that with each other. You pleasure him with the touch and

he does the same with you. Put candles on, fragrance and make it a
night.
b) Write down list of adventures, crazy, fun things to do. He writes his
own and you write yours. See how they are diﬀerent and combine to now
go on do these adventureous fun things together.
c) Create a list of what you always wanted to do if fear, money, time, was
not an issue. Both do this seperately and put it together. You will surprise
each other. So again, you got something both of you can experience
together or help each other to achieve these goals and dreams.
d) Take a break from each other for a week or two. Is there a place, a
home, a village, a moment in time you cherish and haven’t gone to see
again? Go, take time away from each other for a week even and you will
begin to miss each other. He goes somewhere and you go somewhere.
You can still stay in touch by phone or text but limit it and spend time
appreciating what you have together as you both spend time away from
each other, to meet friends, relatives and places you once knew. It will
revitalise and bring back all that is real than technology, fast and
fairytales. You will feel and realise what you have is very real, far real
from all this.
There is much more but this will be a start.
I have many ideas I have used and it is these ideas and putting in the eﬀort and
creative ideas that has helped to build aamazing love relationships withn my
lovers. You can do the same with the relationship you are in now.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do women talk about dating other men to the guy she's
interested in?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, some women do that and here’s the reason why they do it..
1. Most women by nature with dating are spineless when it comes to
dating. They advise you to say what to do but guaranteed they would
never do it themselves to a guy.
You have to appreciate they face a lot of obstacles in that she is worried if
she does show intent then she might be labelled as too easy, a slut, a
whore, not suitable for relationship blah blah blah.
In society it is still seen as taboo for woman to show interest in a direct
way. It is rare to meet women who show interest in a conﬁdent way due
to fears it might put the guy oﬀ or seen as she is desperate.
Think also about yourself, why you was passive. You see the same fear,
same feelings, is in you too. So we can say men can be spineless too, in
that they fear rejections. It’s diﬃcult from both sides and if man doesn’t
lead, well, nothing is going to really happen.
So they behave in this passive-aggressive manner. They behave in a
manner in which they will expect the man to lead and if he doesn’t lead,
they start using Psychological trigger…jealousy is one of them.
Stories of some guy and so forth. Had that before and next day she is

riding me all night long.
I know, weird. You’re into a guy and you’re starting acting and
performing with some story telling about some guy.
2. Either way, when that happened, ignore, don’t be phazed about their
story of some guy and instead, show intent, lead, don’t be passive and
polarize her, so she shows her true colour, instead of assuming anything.
Avoid assuming anything from a woman with dating. Don’t look for
meaning, hints but lead and remember what it is you want and keep that
focused forward.
This is why a guy must lead, must not be passive and ignore all her
bullshit stories and polarize her right there and then. That’s when you
know if she is interested in you in a romantic and sexual way or not.
That is all you need to do - Lead and show intent.
Forget all this being passive and being a friend ﬁrst. Show intent and forget all
this nice guy and any manipulation approach.
By leading you ﬁlter out women who are not interested in you and want to use
you as emotional support very fast - or women who just want attention, or women
who will love bomb you and ghost you.
So always, when you are attracted to a woman, don’t be passive-aggressive.
Approach, show intent, be playful, don’t make it serious but show intent, let her
know you are attracted to her by your behaviour and words.
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl who is in a relationship gets mad when her best
guy friend starts seeing other girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She now sees the guy friend as valuable due to girls desiring him.
Preselection.
2. She probably thought you was a nice guy, chump who will never attract
girls, due to how you behaved with her, spending tons of time with her,
and not taking action when she pathetically and I do see these hints girls
does as pathetic…is now a guy who is seeing other girls.
3. So she is jealous and now all the attention you use to give to her is now
going to go to the girl. She has lost her emotional tampon and hopefully,
you don’t behave passive with other girls and start approaching and
dating,
4. She thinks soon you will be dating a girl soon and have sex, and so she
missed out.
Jealousy ;)
Have fun and stay away from drama. She’s got a guy she is dating and riding.
None of her damn business.
Don’t let her rattle you.
Go for it, have fun with other girls and let her know, she is just a friend and if she
was so interested she should have opened her mouth than doing all those hints.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would someone still be single at 23 ?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. You think you’re decent attractive person like it means something. Like
it suppose to be some magnet to attract men in the dozen to approach
you. You’re not famous. You’re not extremely sexy hot attractive. You’re
not popular in world. Your a woman who is decent attractive and who
thinks due to that she is entitled for some guy to approach.
That if you have tits and ass, it will happen.
Yes, sure if you are known in world or…if you are good at ﬂirting which
by the way I doubt that very much because you think being attractive or
decent attractive is suppose to do the job. Nop. It doesn’t,
2. You believed in the fairytale romance that the right man will one day
come, if you just wait and wait. That it just happens, when you walk
around and doing your thing and walla, a cupid throws an arrow, and it
happens.
3. You believed that your self worth is done by a man approaching you, and
that if a man approaches you, it means you’re so valuable, you’re so
wanted, and you get validated by it.
4. You seldom smile at a guy, you don’t make eye contat but have this face
where if a man looked at you just once, he’ll think you’re going to
suddenly tell him he’s a perv, a platyer, and all he wants is sex. That
you’ll start shouting your head oﬀ and so, you behave with this body
language that you are unapproachable
5. You’re activities is usually sitting on your ass at work or home, watching
some videos on internet, or reading, and not enough of going out in the
world socialising.
Therefore, the result is very clear due to your own inaction.
So now change it and go out, mingle and make it happen. Go out there and be
proactive, smile, ﬂirt, converse, show the guys you’re interested in them.
Because..
1. We now got Tinder
2. Dating websites
3. Lots of other tools
That helps us avpid complacent self entitled women who believe that just by their
look, we will approach. Now we got press, swipe, and messages and if we don’t get
eﬀort, guess what….we got dozens more women on then line.
So work it, or we will ﬁnd someone else who does.
162 Views · View Upvoters

Should I continue dating a girl who's now being aﬀected by a
recent break up which happened shortly before we dated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You met her when she is in her cooling period, where she has broken up with her
ex and she tells you all the sad stories, and swears to you, on her life, there isn’t
any atteched feelings towards her ex, and that she wants you.

But what happens is, this is far from the truth.
They are close friends and through those close meeting, they are having sex. As
time goes by, she begins to tell you things..
1. Oh I wish we went slow and I didn’t rush into it after the break up with
my ex.
2. Oh I think we went too fast
3. Oooh I rushed things with you and should be single.
It will lead to..
“I think I need some space.”
She’s a rebound because she believes she is rebounding into a new relationship.
I always stay away from girls who just broke up.
I don’t mind if it’s long distance and she broke up, as we won’t be meeting any
time soon but if it’s logical, no damn way will I date a girl who just broke up with
her boyfriend.
She’d be one of those student girls, you know, break up with one guy, can’t stand
being alone, all that “Ooooh I so want to be loved, I can’t stand being alone.”
And you will be that guy she jumps right into and when that new relationship
feeling is gone for her she starts getting closer and closer to her ex.
Whenever she said..
“I rushed things with you and should be single.”
You needed to break up with her right there and then. I’d have the self respect to
not be with a girl who blatantly said that to my face.
Let her go. She wants to be single, no problem - she is now single.
She’s still into her ex and guaranteed she will be back with him soon enough.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do men who hit on women young enough to be their daughters
have any self awareness about it? Aren’t these men grossed out
by their behavior?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s creepy is it?
No, it’s emotional bias. Look at your words..
“Young enough to be their daughter…”
Men do not see their daughter, they see a woman and when you’re legal age of
consent, you’re a woman.
You are talking like a woman, to men, Masculine men. Emotional bias instead of
logics and that is how most people try to do. Give emotional bias and that comes
from your perception, your psychological script, your psychological emotional
position and…sex position.
You don’t go and see a guy and see him as “your brother,” no matter what age.
It’s not logical. It’s emotional. Emotional bias.
An emotional bias is a distortion in cognition and decision making due to
emotional factors. That is, a person will be usually inclined to believe something,

even if there is evidence to the contrary.
So shall we look at the double standards…
1. 32-year-old TV presenter Caroline Flack and One Direction singer Harry
Styles and he’s 17 years old here.
2. Soraya Wasenius when she was almost 40 ﬁrst started dating 18-year-old Jack.
3. Delta Goodrem with singer 18 year old which lasted for 4 years. People couldn’t
keep their business out of their life.
4. Demi Moore was with Ashton Kutcher, 15 years her junior, for 10 years
5. Jennifer Lopez, 46, was dubbed a cougar for her on-and-oﬀ relationship with
Casper Smart, 28
Let’s look at men dating younger women…
6. Elvis Presely married Prescilla. She met him aged 14 years old. They married
after dating for 8 years…and people still bought his albums and songs.
7. Humprey Bogart and Lauren Becall. There was a 25 year gap. She was 19 years
old.
8. Jason Statham and Rosie Huntington-Whitely. 19 years age diﬀerence..
9. Mary-Kate Olsen and Olivier Sarkozy. 17 years diﬀerence.
10. George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin. 17 years diﬀerence and I bet you won’t
be saying no to him, if he approached you.
11. Alec Baldwin and Hilaria Thomas. 26 years diﬀerence.
I could go on and on.
This has been going on for centuries and it’s only creepy to you and most people
due to your own psychological position and sex position.
It is socially conditioned for people to think it’s creepy. It’s your own perception
but this has been going on long before you and anyone here was born.
In Asia as an example, young girls marry older men. Parents want stability for
their young daughters. So it is the custom there. That is social conditioning which
is diﬀerent to the west.
Here in west, the social conditioning is diﬀerent and therefore, your perception is
diﬀerent than in Asia. Even sex is a taboo here. Even what women wear if it’s
revealing it’s a taboo here in the west.
You got labels like sluts, whores, too easy, manwhore, player etc but in your own
city, you got sex parties, you got young girls having fuckbuddies, and even in
school girls experiementing with sex and so forth.
All hidden due to fear on how they’ll be judged by other girls, parents and society.
So what you see as fact, as creepy is your own Psychological condition, sex
perception and script playing in your mind.
But as you have noticed there are many in your world who have greater social
freedom and who do not give a damn about what anyone else thinks on who to
date and even marry.
Those who haven’t the social freedom and who fear society, who fear living up to
societies expectations will worry what others think. You only have to look on
quora on many questions based on being approved and accepted.

They got a lot to lose.
They fear what mummy, daddy, friends, co-workers might say and people when
walking around with younger women hand in hand.
Not so for many in this world who live by their own terms .
Now if some men approach you in manner that isn’t respectful then ﬁne, you can
say no and walk away, and that is all you say. You keep your opinion of preference
to yourself.
No one can say to anyone else what their preference is in some judgment way, like
you are better than them.
It won’t serve you when trying to do so.
Best say no, and walk away, done.
You can have an opinion but keep it to yourself. You can date whoever you want
but in telling someone how they live their life…no.
You got your preference and others have theirs.
Leave it at that because anything else is just perception, social conditioning and
nothing but society living in a fairytale trying to exert their perception on others,
and calling their perception as fact, reality when it’s not.
16.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can you raise your social status in an authentic way?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Updated Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Social Dynamics and Inﬂuences
Every environment people behave diﬀerently and there are things you
can do in one environment while in other it can be diﬃcult. These are
called social dyamic rules but see them as…the things that inﬂuence
people’s perception in a visual subcommunication way.
I always believe..
“See the world for what it is not for what you want it to be.”
That doesn’t mean try to seek acceptance, approval and crumble under
social but rather, understand and cut through the bullshit and fairytale,
to appreciate people are societally conditioned to be inﬂuenced by many
things.
Knowing these will make it easy on you.
For example, people have perceptions when they see someone dressed in
a certain way, who they associate with, how they hold themselves when
in an evironment. Knowing these inﬂuences will help you to prepare
with an understanding to forget complaining how it is and use it to your
advantage.
It also avoids you listen to advice from people especially women in
regards how it is in dating because if you haven’t yet realised, women,
majority if them don’t approach women so they cannot teach any man or
woman how to approach men. Their world is mostly signals, hints and
very passive approach.
So women do not work on scarecity mode as men do, and can sit there

with their tits and ass and a man will approach.
Men however cannot spend time being passive and needs to take risks.
So be aware on who you take advice from regarding such matters when it
comes to social. I never take advice from women in regards to dating, but
I will if she is great at computer programming or knowledge based stuﬀ
like arts, history and other areas like science which doesn’t need her to
go oﬀ approaching men for dating or taking risk where she has to show
vulnerability.
Each environment has it’s own culture and so in one place you can do
something while in another you can still do it but it be diﬃcult. You need
lots of experience if you want to achieve a result if it’s diﬃcult to do due
to the environment, have very high socal status, be very popular and
have power house resources.
You won’t say and behave in a nightclub the same as you would at home,
or business environment or college or university.
It’s a..diﬀerent vibe and so you need to bring that diﬀerent vibe and
know what vibe it is to bring for each social environment.
That takes knowledge, skill but most of all experience in which you have
spent alot of time observing, learning what it’s like in each of these
environment to gain intel information.
2. Social Skills and intuition
This is something I don’t fake. It’s a skill I have developed over the years
but more so because I like people, like to socialise. Therefore, when I
walk into any event, night club, organisation events or really anywhere
with people, I don’t assumt I don’t know the people.
Instead I approach everyone or as many people and say hi, get to know
people because I want to know who is who, take interest.
When you do, you come to an understanding that human beings observe
other people’s behaviour, and so of course as I do this, other assume I
know everyone else, and they do not know I don’t know these people.
An example, instead of business, let’s look at dating. I approach diﬀerent
tables with women and I have a drink in my hamd.
Me - Hi, just want to relax for a bit with my drink as my feet are killing me
for a few minutes and I’ll be away.
As I rest I also start a conversation and then I move on to next table and
so on and come back to same table of women and..
Me - So have we met before?
Girls - Hahaha.
Other girls in night club think I know these girls and other extremely
attractive girls when really I have just been sociable.
When I do approach the girls I really want to talk to… their walls are
down due to observing. Pre-selection is not taking eﬀect.
No matter what women say and bullshit men that they see personality,
they do see other things about the guy that inﬂuences their perception

like. It does inﬂuence them at an unconscious level.
By being sociable because you love doing so, it will anyway help you with
increasing the perception about you to others.
So you need to have social intuition, be conﬁdent to engage people
instead of behaving like a loner, awkward as the world observes and is
always deﬁning meanings not just on who this person is but also to
themselves regarding what the person means or will mean to them.
It’s the same for business events or parties at someone’s house. You get
in there and mingle with everyone and people will observe you, think
you’re friendly, you get along with everyone and have high social
intuition.
3. Leader instead of Passive Observer
I’ve never been passive-aggressive nor wait for someone to lead. Instead I
would lead women to other women, lead people to other people. In
events as an example, as I have got to know people, I would lead them to
other people who have similar interest or I feel they may beneﬁt from
each other.
As the world observes, they see you lead groups instead of waiting
around letting the world lead you.
Therefore, be of value to the world you’re in. Don’t thnk about how you
get some but look at how you can help people have fun, interact with
each other, create groups in night clubs, events, real fast and get them
interacting and people will observe and see.
Online you can do the same in creating your own group and I don’t mean
some followers who vote but a group specialising in something, a group
who look for vision, a group looking to solve a problem and you are
leading and developing ideas, and moving towards or pioneering
towards a solution.
You need to avoid being passive, understand the needs of the target
niche or audience by doing something also that is around your passion.
I don’t care if you love pussy, tits, and ass, sex, or games, or business on
something else. Do it because it’s you and forget what anyone thinks
about what you’re into.
You will then attract people who are similar in values and desire. So be
honest in what it is you want to be known for and lead, create groups for
it, manuals for it, instructions for it, content for it, diﬀerent format of
content that suits your target audience…an environment....a world for it
that works for you and your growing group.
4. Your Reality
There are things that will happen and again the world observes. I don’t
mean you behave in a manner to please people or kiss woman’s ass. I
don’t give a fuck about pleasing women or their pedestals.
I mean, when things go wrong, or something happens, don’t freak out,
don’t let it loose your cool.
You’re reality is bigger and whatever world does or says it cannot pull
you into their reality and drama. Instead, stay calm, stay cool, stay

collected as you are a leader amongst men and women, and your group
needs a leader who can stay calm.
You’re also human. You’re going to lose your cool some day and if you do,
don’t beat yourself down. Let it go. We all make mistakes, we are human
beings, we are going to have to grow step by step. That’s how it is but at
least try your best.
In real life, nothing really goes smooth.
5. Be Leader amongst Men/Women
No matter what you’re gender is, do not look at other men or women as
competition. Rather look at them as people who have problems, who
have desires, fears, hopes, insecurities and be a leader amongst them by
befriending the leaders of that group.
You’re reality is bigger anyway, you don’t need to fear loss and nor do you
fear losing any popularity as such because you are a Creator of energy,
can easily develop new groups, can easily access new resources can also
create his or her own resources.
Avoid competing and instead work on the Creative Plane.
Don’t compete to impress women.
Don’t compete to impress men.
Don’t compete but engage and enrich, bring value to the table and help
those you think is your competition.
Get to know the leaders of social circles, see how you can be of value to
them, learn what they are doing and engage, converse without asking for
anything back.
Build allies in your industry.
For example, I don’t need to chase women.
Due to knowing leaders in many social circles, men and women, and due
to my skill in marketing, in sales, in being able to develop content that is
digital to print content, to design in regards to creating my own
magazines, many of these leaders desired my help and saw I wasn’t
competiting.
In return it is natural that they invited me to many sex parties, many
events, met many high sexual attractive women and so sex is not a
problem for me, due to these steps and more, as well they sometimes ask
me for knowledge which I give.
We have an understanding, we don’t compete and instead we work
together as part of a world we believe in.
6. Don’t suck up to people
You don’t need to kiss ass. You need to increase your knowledge base,
your specialized skill and see how you can bring value to table, with
mutual beneﬁt.
In applying the above, you don’t need to suck up to people.

Do not be apologetic about your sexuality, about your goals, about your
dream but rather be proud of who you are.
Only aplogise if you feel you was in error, did something wrong. In that,
of course, apologise. Be humble in that part to apologise.
7. Dress to impress…yourself
I do not take this lightly. I dress in great clothes, sometimes suits,
sometimes something else but the main thing is I dress to impress
myself, it makes me feel good, raising my self esteem and I feel good
about myself.
I also know the reality, that it does impact how others see me including
women. Any woman says it doesn’t is full of shit. I know it does, I have
seen it does, and in all shapes and form.
All of us are inﬂuenced at an unconscious level. We say we don’t care
about this and that but our behaviour contradictes. So we got to get real
with ourselves and embrace the way it is in the world and not how we so
want it to be and lie to ourselves and others.
It does not good and it doesn’t prepare the next generation for the real
world, like your sons, daughters who will ﬁnd it confusing if you tell
them it doesn’t matter how you dress, be yourself, because it does at
psycholopgocal level for them and out there.
Take pride, joy of your vessel, in your appearance because it is the only
one you got. Take pride in it.
Result?
I have found sometimes I’d be at a bar, a night club, a large Vip event and
people will think I am in charge. They thnk I am the owner and all due to
the way I dress, walk, interact with other people and I have done my
home work to know the people.
I have also spent time knowing people who work at the bar. These people
are very important, whether they are bar staﬀ or waitress, and people
ignore them and treat them shit. Treat them with utmost respect and get
to know them as they ate reall the ones who make the whole place run
clock work.
So dress well. Show pride in yourself and in your health and in your
body, and in how you perceive yourself and how you interact with
people. It makes a diﬀerence.
Get those shoes shined and in doing so, even if you’re average looking,
you raise the bar and it will make a diﬀerence how people perceive you
in positive light.
8. Speak and behave with conviction
Instead of worrying on how to say and what to say to impress, believe in
yourself and speak with conviction. If you speak low voice and no one
can hear you, if you stutter because you’re nervous due to wanting to
impress others or fear of being judged, you will reveal yourself to be a
person who isn’t decision nor a leader. Be decisive when you talk. Show
conviction in your opinions and have an opinion.
9. Be In Command
When you speak and someome interrupts, don’t let them think they can.

Take command and let the person know you haven’t ﬁnished yet. Don’t
let people interrupt so easily like you are a nobody because people will
interrupt whether unconsciously or on purpose.
10. Have Strong Eye Contact
I don’t mean stare at someone but have strong eye contact, and it is they
who need to move their eyes away. Like when you’re talking to a woman,
don’t be intimidated to move your eyes eye from her eyes and face. Be
conﬁdent and smile, talk.
Remember social dynamics and cultures. In some cultures, looking at a
woman’s face is not on. So ensure you know the environment, the people
you’re meeting, be in the know in countries you go to and places you
meet people, and who these people are.
11. Have Standards and Boundaries
Be choosy who you associate with. Know who you bring to certain events
and be choosy who to associate with in the future. Don’t be a push over
and don’t be someone who hasn’t boundaries. Make these boundaries
known and be choosy who to be friends and in business with, including
who to go to parties and events with.
12. Let Go and Have fun
Everything isn’t serious and life is already serious. Avoid talking about
your job, your degree, how smart you are by proving you know about
science, politics and stock market. This is not a time if you desire a man
to connect with you at an emotional and psychological level. Focus on
the goal want to desire you, to want to see you again and to imagine a
future with you is going to be incredible.
Focus on having fun because this is the time to build attraction. Make
him laugh. Flirt. Relax and just enjoy yourself with the person you are
with.
13. You can invite people to your world
No need to talk about your world when you have created it and you can
now let them come and experience it for themselves. This is how you
know if someone is seriously interested in you. Most women and men
ask questions on what you do, goals, purpose but they don’t give a shit.
They really doing small talk. They are full bullshit.
If they really want to know you and your world and if you want to show
it, then this is why you got busy creating your world, your social world,
your passion, your music, your art and whatever you are passionate
about.
This is why you get to know people who work behind the bar, the
bouncers and the workers in a gallery because you’re going to bring the
person to your world. They are going to see it is real and as they see these
people know you. Bring them to your world and let them see it for
themselves and see also the people who know you without even saying it.
It is far more honest and has a greater impact when they see your world
and what you do, what you enjoy and who you know. It’s also less work
for you and it shows who is really serious about getting to know you.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ankit Yadav

What does it mean when a guy lets you sit in between his legs?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why can’t people give a straight answer?
If I let a woman sit between my legs, it means I want to fuck her. I want to grind
her. I want to be inside her. I want sex.
That’s what it means.
So I don’t let any woman sit between my legs not even a woman who is a friend. I
don’t care about how much we trust each other as friends. She won’t be sitting
between my legs and nor my lap.
So now you know ;)
30.9k Views · View Upvoters

How hard is it for a guy to confess his love to a girl that he likes?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
For me, personally, it’s hard and that’s even when she has shown interest in me.
It’s still hard. It’s why I’m known by my relatives and friends, when I show intent,
if I say to a woman I desire her, like to meet her or if I say the words..
“I love you” to a woman I have grown to know, they know I am serious.
I take such words seriously.
You see, it’s hard because I grew up not like most guys. Yes, I had a mum and
sisters but…I grew up amongst Masculine men and I am grateful that I did as
many guys today are very passive and apologetic about their sexuality.
I’m not and I admire the men I was brought up with but I was brought up to be
tough emotionally to such a level, I learnt that a man doesn’t show his emotions.
So from a young age, that is how I was and grew up that way.
Masculine, through and through but…there was a piece missing and when I
ﬁgured this one out, not only I’m Masculine but also, very strong because I ﬁnd
showing vulnerability as a strength than a weakness.
However, it is still diﬃcult for me to say such words to women I am attracted to.
When I say to a woman I desire her, she has no fucking clue, how hard that was
for me.
If I said to a woman..
“I love you,” she has no clue to how much of a battle it was for me. It’s just not
easy and so she has to be a special woman and someone I have spent time
communicating with for me to say such words.
When I say these words - I mean them.
The thing is, I don’t say I love a woman until there is some history, until she has
shown interest back, because now you need to have maturity.
I’m ﬁne saying to a woman I desire her, to also ﬂirt, be playful, sexualise but
saying to a woman I love her without her ﬁrst being emotionally invested in me is
immature. It doesn’t work to your favour or hers. It makes it awkward for her and
you.
It happens in movies and romance movels, but in real life, it’s best to avoid doing
until you established she is highly interested in you and you’ve created some
history together. Then it will mean something real.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get over being "ghosted" by someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you just want to read the steps, just scroll right down to bold headlines.
The people who ghost others are dishonest, manipulators and most of all, toxic if
ever you was in a relationship with them. They don’t tell the person they are
interested in them but ambigious and nor do they say they are not interested
either.
They will show you with admiration in the beginning and get you pumped up.
Watch out for that. There is a diﬀerence to giving compliments and love bombing
someone. .
Then after a while, this happens..
Ignoring your texts.
Not texting you anymore, or reaching out to call you.
Not messaging you anymore
Not wanting to see you anymore.
Withdrawing from the relationship.
They are Narcissits. Moment they got what they want they just dissappear,
discard you like you’re trash.
They think they are honest, decent people but really that is a mask they wear to
hide their guilt, shame and psychological bullshit they tell themselves. They have
ghosted people, they have ﬂaked, they have hurt people in doing these games,
and they tell themselves..
“OOoh it’s the fault of the toxic dating culture.”
They tell themselves all kind of lies on how nice they are. They think they are
decent people. They really do think they are nice good people.
The sad part of it all is even when you are honest with people, they don’t seem to
respect it. No, women want guy to tell them all the nice stuﬀ lie.
People are now used to all this ghosting game and system.
It has become accepted than having honesty.
But being straight up about what you want saves so much time and knowing what
you want is something that I believe everyone should be clear on from day one.
To get over being ghosted here’s the following steps..
1. Recognise it has happened
When it has happened to you immediately recognise that you have been
ghosted. Avoid denying it has happened to you. Don’t give this person
another chance. If they have behaved in a manner to already drift, you
know what’s going on.
2. Acceptance
Let go of the false hope. You don’t want to keep the door open and suﬀer
more. Instead to begin your recover, block them. Shut that door tight and
don’t give them another chance and nor for you to try to pursue. You will
recover much quicker from the dissappointment you’ve experience. You
don’t want to be with such a nasty piece of work anyway. Let them
delude themselves on how nice they are and blame the “dating toxic
culture.”

3. If this is an ex
Do not start hunting them out because the moment you do, it is only
going to get you to compare your life or who they are seeing with
yourself. Let it go. Don’t go of haunting yourself with such actions. Move
on. Block, delete, move on and shut that door tight.
4. Have some psychological understanding
When you understand why people do it, you see how weak they are and
how strong you are. They do not like conﬂict. They do not like
awkwardiness. They rather dissappear than say they are not interested
anymore or were never interested in the ﬁrst place.
Also, as an example, the person will probably be getting laid with
someone, has found a serious relationship or in one, and is not telling
you. It’s easy to know. They dissappear for a long period of time, and
then appear. It doesn’t excuse their disgusting behaviour but it can shed
some light. However, even then just see some understanding and move
on.
5. Focus on yourself
It’s easy to lose hope and it’s easy to start jumping into dating someone
quick. I ﬁnd people who do that are needy for physical touch and
attention. Shift your focus to avoid fast instant falling for someone and
more on a mature attitude in that you will now take your time and have
no expectations.
Look. It’s ok to date but for now, spend time focusing on you. Don’t do
what most do, start trying to date someone else because you can’t help
being alone, or you need “love.” It’s time to wake up that this “love” is not
enough and it’s time to let go of the fairytale of Prince Charming or
Godess. They don’t exist. No one is perfect but you can still eliminate a
lot of pain,
This is the reason why I love long distance relationship. I know, if the
person is for real and true, mature, about their feelings for me, they
won’t give excuses to distance and they will have staying power. Locally,
I ﬁnd people want it now, and hey, I do love sex now, but people have far
too much expectations, framing relationships in their mind already
before one week has gone by, never mind years of dating together.
Focus on yourself, heal, take time. Spend time with your family and
friends. Spend time on what you enjoy doing.
Then when you feel it’s time, well, you can start looking for someone to date but
do take time out to focus on you.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Nadja Gil

A girl told me she had a full really full weekend when I asked
her out. I asked her if we could do it another time, and she said
maybe. Is that a no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what you do..
1. Don’ wait for her.
2. Approach lots of other girls
3. So much so you now have options

4. Sure, you can ask her one more time, a week after but me I won’t even
bother but if you want, go for it.
5. However, you’re focus is on expanding your network of girls, get out
there, approach many or use Tinder, whatever way to make sure you got
options.
6. Never focus on one girl because girls will play you around, life gets in
way, bullshit on how busy they are, and all the stuﬀ and if you only got
her, you’re done. You will be frustrated.
But if you have plenty of other girls, you won’t give a damn about her
because you’re so busy with others.
Now imagine this..
Let’s say you have 10 girls.
2 will be busy blah blah
3 will play hard to get
3 will be interest
2 will show real interest
As you can see, the key is to keep your options opens. You don’t stop approaching
more girls until you ﬁnd one girl who is completely emotionally invested in you
who you are attracted to as well.
Girls will say “Oooh but it’s number game.”
Please get over yourselves.
Girls don’t know anything regards to approaching because they never do
aoproach. They got no say in the matter when it comes to approaching. Majority
of them expect guys to approach them and then bullshit guys on how bad they
are to ﬂirt with other girls.
This is the reason why we do so.
They only need to have tits and ass and guys approach. So they got plenty of guys
approaching them if the girls isn’t shy, socially awkward and self sabotaging with
all kinds of insecurities.
So forrget what girls say about numbers and the white knight guys.
Majority of girls do not approach, it’s rare and usually sit on their asses doing
hints and signals for guys to do so.
So you make sure, you got options and attract girls and screen out who isn’t and
who is interested and those who ﬂake, or busy or whatever, no problem. They go
right back in line or blocked, screen out. Bye, bye.
In fact you don’t need to do anything.
They will fade away anyway.
Increase your options and you won’t be frustrated over one girl who is saying she
is busy.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mike Massingill

What is the strangest thing that made a woman attractive to
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her legs…
Here’s the thing…
Not one guy noticed her.
Can you believe that? Not one guy noticed her.
No one noticed her because the piano was in an weird place, where you can’t
really see, away from bar, and you had to walk and turn and there’s this small
space where the piano is.
While I ordered a drink, I heard the sound of a Piano starting. I said to the bar guy
who is on the CD..
Bar guy - CD? Nah mate. It’s someone playing the Piano
Me - Who?
Bar guy - Don’t know. Can’t see from here.
So I grabbed my drink and walked over and suddenly, I stopped and saw her, with
her dress, with gorgeous legs, playing the piano with a sad look on her face
It was like she dressed up to go to some plush event or wedding.
I stood there listening and man, did she play. It was like she was somewhere else,
in her own world and when she stopped, she still sat there looking sad.
So I walked up and said..
Me - The piece, who is it by?
Her - Oh mine. I wrote it
Me - And how come you’re all decked up, going somewhere?
Her - Was but decided he wasn’t worth it.
Me - Ok, rebound, right see yah
Her - Oh no, no. He was an old friend I knew
Me - Move over
I sat close to her, cracked my hands, did some funny shit, like I knew how to play
the piano.
Me - I am going to play you a master piece.
Then hammered the piano and made such a terrible noise and stopped. Smiling
my head oﬀ for her to crack up laughing.
Me - Feel better?
Her - Yes hahaha.
Me - Great. Let’s go then
Her - Where?
Me - To create another master piece (wink)
And that was it.
We became lovers.
It was her legs.
She has amazing legs and I love long smooth shaved legs.
40.5k Views · View Upvoters

Does a guy always mean it when he says I am your brother?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing to confused about.

You behaved like a brother, Masculine, arguing with him, like one of the guys and
therefore, you are now like a brother.
In other words, you took too long to show verbally to him you’re attracted to him.
So yes.
You are like a brother because that is how you have behaved towards him. Like a
male. Not femine. Not seductive but hiding your intent.
In your own words “cover up.”
6 years of..cover up ;)
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys only think about sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, we only think about sex.
Men haven’t walked on the moon, don’t get up to go to work, don’t work in oﬃces,
don’t build billion dollar empires.
They spend their time having orgies all day.
They just sit around thinking about sex and busy putting women on pedestal all
day long because women don’t think about sex at all. I mean, women are far too
much of princesses and queens and good girls to ever think about sex.
No, they don’t fantasize at all of having gang bangs, and being tied up, fucked in
ass and guy has rough sex with them, and all the fantasies they hide in their
mind, because they so don’t want their sexual reputation image damage.
What would mummy and daddy say, and friends say, and facebook fans say. It is
beneath them to think about sex, right?
It is women who think about sex more than men do.
1. Moment a guy approaches “does he want sex.”
2. Moment a guy talks to a woman, “is he a player, wants to use me for sex?”
3. Moment a guy is nice to a woman, “does he want sex?”
4. Moment a guy asks a woman out, “does he want sex. Is he a nice boy?”
5. He smiled at me, “does he want sex.”
6. He said hello, “is he a player, does he want sex.”
Women can’t get sex out of their damn head whenever men approaches, sex…
sex…sex…sex.
Like they so ashamed and guilty about sex. Well, of course most are. I won’t be
surprised with all hammering girls got from early age to be ashamed about her
body, her sexuality and thinks Prince Charming will sweep her oﬀ her feet and
rescue her from the bad evil Witch.
Here’s a read a book to read…

Then brace yourself as you read all the secret fantasies women have written to the
author on detailed, descriptive sexual fantasies and how fed up they are, hiding
their desires within society and even from men and womrn, due to fear of being
judged, labeled as sluts, whores.

They wish they can live their fantasies.
Heard of these men?
1. Albert Einstein

2. Martin Luther King

2. Wnston Churchill

3. William Shakespeare

5. Bill Gates

6. Steve Job

7. Nikola Tesla

(He died virgin)
I can go on all day.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is a woman happy to have daily sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the woman.
Some women have very high sexual drive and love having daily sex. The women I
attract are as such, women who are high sexual, love sex, want to have sex daily.
So it will depend on the woman and it will need you to ensure there is
compatibility on this matter if you desire more sex activities.
Also the key is creating sexual tension, arousal and I enjoy doing so, enjoy
foreplay and woman has multiple orgasms before penetration. Just love
pleasuring women and of course, sometimes, the sexual heat of tension is already
there that we want to fuck right there and then, but most of time it’s not so. It
needs foreplay and I enjoy it as well.
Even then I have a high sexual drive and it’s not enough, which is why I go to sex
parties and invited by women who want sex. I created my own social sex group
and we meet for sex, and it’s growing rapidly and it’s fun.
So yes, some women as all women are diﬀerent and even whenh aving sex, for
each woman you need to learn again on her needs, what she likes, what she
doesn’t like, how long it takes for her to be turned on, aroused, wet, and so much
more.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make sure a guy I fell in love with is honestly a good
guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I don’t want sex.”
He ain’t honest right there.
That is the oldest trick in the book in lowering the guard of a girl, the nice guy
approach, the bullshit of good guys..
“Oh I don’t want sex, let’s go slow, I like it slow because I want to get to..know…you.”
The only way you know, is through time. That is it.
You can never know in begining because if you try to, your own unconscious
mind plays runs a script. It will immediately bring up insecurities as you are right
now doing, projecting past experiences, onto him, and also your own
psychological position which was made up before you was even 10 years old.
The “prince charming” script.
Then you reinforce this behaviour through time with choices you make. Those
choices creates the results for you to say..
“See! All men are the same.”
So you won’t and will never know until a span of time. That doesn’t mean to not
show vulnerability but instead don’t bank on expectations based on fairytales.
Rather be rational which is diﬃcult due to chemicals kicking oﬀ.
But I can do it and I know women who know how to do so as well.
As for exclusivity, you can’t make sure it’s exclusive. You can only ask,
communicate it to the guy but nothing is guaranteed until you ask the guy. Then
you both come to an agreement.
You can’t make it exclusive by yourself.
It has to be agreed by both of you.
But as for…
“I don’t want sex.”
The amount of times girls fall for that bullshit is crazy, so into looking for Prince
Charming and fall for it.
But then when a guy is straight saying “Yes I want you, desire you, want sex,” you
are all up in arms and call him a bad boy.
Man’s lied right there just to lower your wall and guaranteed….you already had
sex. So now see who he really is through time.
14.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop living in a romantic fantasy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The fantasy..
There is a prince charming, in this world, who will come to save the day, rescue
the damsel in distress, the helpless princess. He will be tall, handsome, and he
will be so perfect, nice, gentleman, brave, and he will never, ever, ever, have any
sexual ideas in his mind. No, he will be that Prince, the knight in shining armour
who only sees her personality from 10 years and so he falls for her personality
instantly from 10 yards, and they will meet, and they become soul mates, and
date, marriage, and live happily ever after.

And men who just want sex are bad…bad…boys and only go for nice boys, who
never had sex, who don’t want sex as they are good boys, and if she touches
herself she’s a bad girl, if she gets experience in sex, and dating guys, she’s a bad
girl, and only bad girls do that.
Then she grows up with 10 sex toys under her bed, as she masturbates with
pillows, experiences some things with her girls…friends, and worried mummy
and daddy, and society will judge, but as she continues she realises, what the
movies, romance novels, mummy, daddy, and friends said, as well as society was
all not true.
She ﬁnds there is ONLY ONE prince charming and he never appears, never comes
in her life at all.
Still, she believes it might happen, as fairytale does happen to a princess, and she
believes she’s a princess and so she ﬁrst goes with guys who have the look, and
doesn’t give a shot aboit all the smart guys, the coders, the talented, because they
don’t look like then prince charming she read in story fairy tale books, movies,
and Cosmo magazine, and if she did go with tehse guys it doesn’t look good to her
friends, to her popularity.
No, she friendzones these guys and then tells everyone friendzone doesn’t exist
but she uses them for time, assets, emotional support and these guys don’t realise
they are being used, and they think if they are nice guys, gentleman, polite,
worldly knowledge from reading books as they have heard girls and women say
that’s what they like in a guy…..it will get them laid.
But it doesn’t and they get confused and realise mummy knows nothing, daddy
knows nothing, but really they do but won’t say because if they did say they’d be
judged as sluts, whores, player and mummy cannot have her son seeing her in
that way but as a princess, good and yet she hides her sex toys and porn movies
under the bed and makes she got her laptop password protected, which is the
same for dad too because they have been in relationship for so long, it has
become boring. They too dream of the Prince and Princess
Yes, this girl keeps going out with these guys but it doesn’t work out. They get
bored easily, She always falls fast, quick for guys, and then it gets boring. The
guys can’t stick to one girl, and so she continues to date such guys, and keeps
friendzones other guys as well.
Thed one day, her bioloical cliock sends her nuts and so she begins to date guys
who are passive, who will be nice, and never ask for sex, and she can dangle sex
like a carrot to them but still, the Prince Charming fantasy is too strong and so
she keeps battling with herself and goes back to dating those guys she says are
assholes, and yet she continues to dsate assholes because they are excitement,
not passive, pin her to the wall, has sex withn her, like raging wild beasts.
But her biological clock is ticking and she then wonders what her mummy will
say, what daddy will say, and what facebook fans will say, and her friends will say
if she isn’tin a relatinship that lasts with some boring shit guy.
So she looks into her stable of guys she friendzones, like hoarded cattle, but
cannot ﬁnd anyone she has a strong attraction with and so she dates other guys
outside the guys she sfriendzones, and again dangles sex like a carrot, and is ok
about it because he has no balls approaching other girls, and she makes it sound
like he’s so lucky to date her, and he should kneel under her feet, kiss her feet
whenever she wants to have sex with him, and he should be lucky he is dating her
because what girl would want to date him, who has a ﬁne curves, ass, tits like
hers.
Since she cannot have her Prince Charming, she them goes for what she feels is
second best and makes sure she treats him like second best, and gets angry with

him, amd blames him for not having her Prince Charming. He in the other hand
is miserable because he only has sex once a week if he is lucky and so he pretends
to his mates he is having the time of his life but really he is miserable but what
can he do when he fears approaching other women, and believes her story that he
is lucky to sleep in same bed of a Princess and has sex with a Princess.
But he believes the Hollywood and Bollywood Movies, and romance novels, plato
soul mate stories, and religion, culture, and social norms on how if you be nice,
be a good man, be a gentleman, love her with all your heart even if the woman
treats you like shit, LOVE will CONQUER ALL!
Not realising, that after 6 years in relationship, she is ﬂirting with some guy at
work and begins having an aﬀair and sex, while poor old nice guy is wondering
how hard she is working in her job and all those assignments.
She grows to realise, she has been sold a lie.
If only she was true to her nature, that she is a sexual woman and man is a sexual
man. That there is a diﬀerence between love and sex, and sex and love. That sex
isn’t something to be afraid of, ashamed about. guilty and there is no Prince
Charming. There is no Princess.
There is only knowing what you desire, let go of the fairy takes and norms, and
just live then life you desire.
And the man to respect is the man who is true to his nature, who shows intent,
and isn’t apologetic about his desire like most men.
On the other hand, her man is still wondering about the once a week sex. Don’t
know what to do and he is fearing loss. He is wondering that maybe she isn’t the
Princess after al.
He too gets bored and suddenly he meets a woman and they click, and so he has
an aﬀair as well. Hoping she is the Princess and the woman on other side hopes
he is the Prince Charming.
They all have children and pass the same stories, same script, same lies, same
norms, same everything that has messed their life up.
And they lived happily, miserably together.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says she want to have baby with
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could mean…
1. She is into you in a big way but the problem is, she has no clue. She is just
saying it due to her hormones, due to seeing a guy’s look and that is it. I
mean, even I don’t want children with a woman even if she’s hot good
looking sexy when I don’t know her.
Yes, I’d want to fuck her, I’d want to devour her body and pleasure her
into multiple orgasms….but…babies?
No, not until we dated for some years if I wanted children. Personally, I
might adopt but that’s here and there regarding this question. So I will be
cautious. I’d not date her and have sex with her.
2. It means, run for your life. Run as far as you can. Run and never look
back and make sure you never, ever have sex with her. EVER. Don’t date

her. Don’t be in relatiionship with her. Don’t have sex with her.
3. OR it can mean, she’s just joking around and sees you attractive.
You never know but one thing for sure, if a girl says to me she wants to have my
babies, I will never let her get close to me to have sex with me.
So depends on the context.
10.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Vitus Ignacio

Guys, what do you think about this guy? Why is he doing this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You fear rejection. Real bad.
So does he.
You look at a guy all he time, and so what do you expect? He will look back at you
no matter whether he cares or not and thinks you are weird, or shy, or socially
awkward, or just some girl wanting some attention or a psycho.
If you’re interested in a guy, approach or just stop looking at him.
Smile. Use your body language, walk over and be friendly. Show interest in a
manner that shows you are attracted to a guy and not judging him.
He’s not going to approach you for the same reason you are not going to approach
him. You fear rejection.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know you are being played?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will know
1. When the person doesn’t show intent when you do.
2. Ambiguous
3. Moment you ask “ok let’s meet friday 5pm” you don’t hear anything. The
person has disappeared. Like they project a manner of rudeness, don’t
care, never replying to such move. You know you are being played just by
polarising this person with such action.
4. They don’t turn up if they say they will. Never give such a person a
second chance. The manager or ceo of a job won’t if they didn’t turn up
for an interview and so why would you? Because it’s not that important?
But it is because this is about character, a pattern and if a pattern already
reveals such behaviour, then watch out. If you don’t listen and learn and
walk away, you’ll waste time.
5. Plays hard to get. Not responding to your text.
Of course if you’re sending boring text, about life, about drama, how
you’re so busy, how you hate this and that, and how life is hectic then no
one wants to respond to that.
But if you’re putting eﬀort in being fun, playful and woman or guy isn’t
responding…you’re being played. They are preoccuppied with someone
else, in a relationship. No one is that busy. No one.
6. You had something they want. Maybe validation. Maybe questions to a
problem. Maybe emotional support but when they got it, they push you

away until….they want more.
7. They do the dissappearing act. They don’t say why. They don’t say
anything and so you are always concerned, or desire to communicate
and..they know you will because you are invested.
They know you will continue to text or spend time with them due to the
investment you made. If they don’t say why they disappeared, if they
don’t show concern for you and respect you, they are playing.
Resist the pretty face, the “Oh my life and relationship so bad,” and “Oh I
ﬁnd guys on tinder and here and there boring.”
You probably got yourself someone who will ghost you soon enough.
Such a person will be fucking someone pretty soon, probably next week,
dating after a break up. They can’t help it and desperate for attention,
and don’t like being alone.
You’ll know. They dissappear for a while.
8. Rebound
I knew this girl who was in a boring shit of a relationship and wasn’t
going too well for her as the guy was behaving in a way she didn’t like but
she couldn’t move on yet.
If you met her like that, best you don’t bother. She will use you for
attention, then break up with the other guy, and like this girl, she will
then date someone near her local not….you.
I see these girls coming from a mile oﬀ.
So rebounds…
Listen carefully as girl or guy speaks because they might just be on the
rebound, is in a relationship but rocky, now broken up and has been for a
week, and then dissappears after knowing you for a short while, to ﬁnd
she jumped into another relationship so fast.
The same girls who said they’d never start dating so soon because they
have now grown, learned, experience.
Bullshit!
Their words and actions are not congruent. They are dating someone a
week later and already deep in shit, that you hardly see these girls
UNTIL….they are back tio square one and complain it’s all the guy’s
fault. That he is bad, boring, and blah blah.
9. Love Bombing you
They say all the good things about you in begining. How they admire
you, you’re so diﬀerent, so conﬁdent.
Whatever they fucking say, don’t believe it….yet.
Because later on….they then use the devalue technique in talking
negative about you or on what you said to them and even borderline
calling you a liar in a subtle way.
This is their way to give you hope, then….take it away to make you feel
despair and you panic, feel depressed, and do all kinds of irritational

stuﬀ. You’d surprise yourself what you’d do over some ass or dick.
You know you got someone insecure, they will dissappear soon. They
have deep psychological issues….but still…let’s go further..
10. You exchange numbers, says they are looking forward to your text but do
not reply and make excuse about how they don’t use phone text just
something else
11. Does disappearing act. Ghost you.
12. Now you know she or he is full of bullshit
They are so predictable.
Best thing…have options.
24.7k Views · View Upvoters

What makes women stand too close to you when they talk to
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Usually..
Me - Do you have to stand so close?
Woman - Yes because…(devlish look)
Me - You too?
Woman - Well you do have a nice ass, and legs and..
Me - What about my mind
Woman - I don’t hink you’re type to think about that ;)
Me - Your husband is behind you
Woman - OMG!
Woman - Wait. I’m not even married!
Wooman - How can you make me feel so guilty and nervous while others don’t
and..
Me - Your heart racing ;)
Me - Maybe I’m the type who thinks about what you like me to think about
Woman - Hahaha. Maybe
Me - Maybe?
Woman - Depends if you’ll buy me a drink
Me - Depends
Woman - On what?
Me - When you buy me one ﬁrst ;)

Sometimes, they are curious, sometimes it’s because you look good, sometimes
you smell good, and sometimes it’s just habit.
Or they like you.
Best way to know is have fun, ﬂirt, be playful and lead, and you’ll ﬁnd out.
The one thing to never do with women is assume anything. They’d so love you to
do that because men who do that show they are intimidated.
It’s a pat on their ego.
Instead polarize them, ﬂirt, converse, show intent, if you’re attracted to the
woman and then you’ll know where you stand.
Anything else is nothing but assumptions.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl suddenly seems excited to see a guy and starts a
conversation, does that mean that she's having feelings for the
guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It means she is having a conversation.
Girls, not all but girls who start conversations just like talking to guys, usually for
attention but at the same time seeing who you are, see if you’re boring, a nice guy
or someone they can assume has the goods.
They are always looking for potentiality in future relationships but the type is not
known, and only by you having balls you can ﬁnd out fast enough so you don’t
waste your time.
But it looks like to me you’d be that passive guy, being nice, not being playful and
always looking for hints and sign which is the death to attraction.
Don’t assume anything because girls do things for a lot of reasons, that includes if
they touch you, hug you, kiss you on cheek, it all means…nothing.
Until the guy makes his moves and she dates him, and is intimdate with him and
has sex with him, and is in relationship with him, then you can assume all that
shit about how she has feelings for you but right now…assume nothing.
Girls always complain about players but they are the biggest players in town for
attention, for getting emotional support, for looking good in front of their friends,
for raising social status to attract other guys, for framing relationships in their
head in the beginning and dangling sex like a carrot, to raise their sexual image to
attract suitors for relationship, for using their curves to attract guys, for doing all
sorts and have done so from the many centuries to acquire resources of these
kinds.
Assume nothing.
Instead, if you are attracted to a girl, then show intent, be playful, ﬂirt, be fun,
then suggest something and if she doesn’t show intent back, she is not interested
or she’s an attention seeker, a Siren manipulator.
Or just not interested.
That’s your cue to not spend too much time with her and move on approaching
other girls. In fact, don’t be known to spend too much time with girls and be that
nice guy as girls talk, and tell other girls who to not date, who to date, who is the
nice guy chump and who is the guy who is exciting, fun to be with, ride all night
long and who to avoid because he’s boring and too nice.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

This girl I'm friends with at work asked if I had a gf. I said no
and she respond by saying good to know. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Avoid answering girls directly but be playful or you lost the opportunity and be
here again asking what it means.
Just because a girl asks you a question don’t mean be subservient to go oﬀ
answering her back but rather be playful or ask her why she wants to know.
Girl - Have you got a girlfriend
Me - I have 3, do you want one? ;)

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Only on mondays, tuesdays and fridays
Girl - do you have a girlfriend
Me - That depends
Girl - On what?
Me - On how you play your cards ;)
Girl - Do you have a girlfriends
Me - I have lots of girls who are..friends ;)
Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Why do you ask?
Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Do you have one?
Girl - I’m not into girls
Me - Pity, we could have had fun ;)
6.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

What does it mean if a guy says that you remind him of his
mom?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy says that to you, he is making sure…
1. You get then message that he only sees you as a friend
2. He doesn’t see you in a sexual and romantic way
3. To make sure due to maybe some experiences with other girls, for you to
know he isn’t someone who will have any tendencies to date you
4. You’re cool to hang out with but that is it
So any words a guys says to a girl such as..
1. Bro
2. Dude
3. mother
4. Sister
5. Friend
You’re now categorised in the mind of the guy, that is all you will be….someone ok
to hang out with but not to date.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl keep talking to a boy after rejecting him even
when she knows he loves her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you’re probably in some country with belief and culture. where you
believe love is enough, and you’re too passive like most men who just sit there
hoping, when you need to realise this isn’t bollywood.
Nor be a fool to follow women’s advice that a best relationship comes from
friendship when you have already witnessed your own example and the example
of many men, who make that mistake because…after all…women would say that
as they get all the attention, use you like an emotional tampon.

No woman can do anything to you including talking to you except by your own
consent, by your own choice.
So if you want to stop this…then you say to her to move on and you walk away
whenever she comes and approach someone else, and this time, forget doing
what you see in Bollywood and Hollwood movies.
She talks to you after rejecting you because you…,let….her.
And she knows you got feelings for her, and so, it is a boost to her ego. The guy
who is always available, so easy to please her, always listening when you need to
move on and realise your time on this planet is short.
Now, decide either to move on or stay being her emotional tampon but never
listen to women advising to stay as friends, because “the best relationships start
with friendshp.”
No, the best relationship starts with being with someone who is interested in you,
and you in her, and your compatibile, and both made a decision to move forward
together.
Anything else, is a waste of time.
Move on and keep doing so until a woman says “yes” AND she respects your
boundaries as you respect hers.
The days in being a passive man and having women using your time, for
emotional support like your their tampon need to be over.
Love is not enough.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ravin Patel

My girlfriend told me I'm a bad boyfriend. She always tells me
what I'm doing wrong and what I need to do better. How should
I feel about this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I’m going to give you till spring break march 3rd to make me happy blah
blah
Me - Why wait till 3rd of march. If you’re unhappy being with me, no point being
with me. Have a nice life.
Then I’ll walk oﬀ.
That’s the way I deal with girls who think my job is to make them happy. No one
can make anyone happy.
We all go through rough time but I don’t go oﬀ behaving in this manner to my
lovers.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Scott

Would guys choose a happy, simple girl who talks a lot or a girl
who is quiet and thinks a lot (deep thinker)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Neither.
Guys choose girls not because they talk a lot or not, but rather how she makes a
guy feel. That’s really it.
Looks like to me, someone shy, reserved, socially awkward, and thinks that’s
“deep thinking,” when it’s not.

A person can do all that deep thinking stuﬀ elsewhere. You’re with someone and
so engage, or let the person know you like them to lead conversation because one
is awkward in behaviour.
As long as a girl shows interest and just be honest that you’re shy, reseserved, and
you need help with conversation, and you are interested in the guy, you are
attracted to him….and we will then lead. No problem.
That’s really it. It’s not about all girls worry about.
Just avoid assuming that not talking, being quiet is all about thinking deep.
I think deep but I also talk a lot. I have a lot of thoughts, thinking about world and
life. I devour books daily on science, psychology, marketing, history, literature,
arts and I paint, draw, write a lot but itt doesn’t mean I don’t invest in social skills
and get on with it.
Far too many ask questions to rationalise their own insecurities, own fears and
staying in the comfort zones.
Many guys are diﬀerent but for me, it’s about how a girl makes me feel and if she
makes me feel shit, i don’t care if she’s a deep thinker or talks a lot.
We’ll be done and I’ll move on.
17 Views · View Upvoters

My friends are not inviting me to their gatherings because one
of their girlfriend is jealous of me. What is the best course of
action?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It happens a…lot with girls.
I know a friend, let’s call her Tracy and she decided with her friend Emily to go to
Ibiza together. However, Emily met a group of friends and got to know each other
as Tracy was oﬀ on travel for the company she works with.
Tracy came back two weeks later, excited to go to Ibiza with Emily, but found out
Emily booked a ticket already and as she was caling Tracy to book hers.
But….Emily’s new group of friends, particular one of these girls who this group of
friends kiss her ass and follow, said..
“Oh no. we don’t want Tracy to come. We just wanted you to come with us. You’re
our friend, not her.”
Jealousy is the reason why that woman said that to Emily. It’s a power struggle,
it’s jealousy, and so don’t believe that girls, women don’t get jealous and try to
inﬂuence situations. Most do. Most are insecure and immature to do so.
It can happen and it can impact other friends as well, to prevent inviting you.
Nasty piece of work.
Tracy was crying her eyes out and couldn’t understand how bitchy and nasty
women can be but they can, they can be real bitches against each other. Other
women can even make it hard for you to get a job, get promoted and will not think
twice to fuck your boyfriend due to jealousy.
Like “if she can’t have him, nor can her.”
You need to ensure you build lots of other small villages of friends/groups who do
not know each other. That way you are not controlled by social groups.
It’s what I do as a guy.

I built lots of social networks oﬄine, lots of diﬀerent friend groups and can go in
and out of diﬀerent ones and so, if one groups acts like assholes, I got other group
of friends.
You may need to do that because this happens no matter what some girls say on
how it doesn’t.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like a boy who is a little bit of a softie?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are over thinking.
Read this after your read the answer to your question…
Adam Taha's answer to What are some skills that makes a guy attractive?
Girls like lots of things and a guy who gets nowhere is a guy trying to impress
girls, trying to be someone for all diﬀerent girls.
Instead, know what you want in a girl and then just learn skills to be better at
approaching, conversing, being playful, socialising, conversing, bring out your
personality because….kind, nice, does not get you a date or get you laid, or
relationship.
Imagine for a moment…
Girls go for what makes them feel exciting, heart pounding, body tingling, and so,
do you think playing safe, like a mouse is going to do that?
Do you think being nice, polite as then motive of attracting girls will do it?
Or do you think when a guy is the surprise, approaches without hesitation, shows
real conﬁdence in that he knows he is enough, will have more impact?
Forget what girls look for.
And decide what you want in a girl and then just approach and keep doing so,
until you ﬁnd a girl that has these qyualities and…she says yes.
I always aboid wondering what a woman like.
It’s a waste of time and it’s for guys who fear rejection and trying to make
everything perfect when really, girls are not perfect. Forget putting girls on
pedestals and just approach.
You are over thinking.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would a guy be hurt if a girl liked him then two days later
stopped?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl..
1. Said she liked him
2. Said she admired him
3. Said she liked to meet
4. Then plays dissappearing act
5. Or behaves immaturely by telling another girl and not him..
He won’t respect her.

He will see her as emotionally unstable, ﬁnd her an attention seeker and also
someone to not take seriously.
99% of time he will not ask her why she did that and be dissappointed with her
and probably disgusted too. He will also see her pattern is same if she does turn
up but he won’t be assed.
He’d also be very wary of her now and will also say to his friends to avoid her as
well, if she is in same school, college etc.
Girls have no clue, that guys also have other girls around. We rarely, if ever, focus
on one girl because of this…very…reason.
So no. He would just see her emotionally unstable and will not take her seriously.
Probably see her as immature as well.
If he looks at the girl, it’s because he doesn’t like her and not because he’s into
her. It’s just an incident that happened, a memory and that is why he looks. Not
because he is attracted to the girl.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl is constantly bickering with a guy in a WhatsApp
group, does that mean she likes him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl is bickering with me on Whatapps, I’d shut her down and tell her straight,
what the boundaries are and if she keeps going, I will block her.
Then move on.
I won’t even bother thinking if she likes me.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some skills that makes a guy attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d take what women say with a pinch of salt because if they really want to tell a
man they’d tell him…a skill that..
1. Makes her feel..
2. That gets her heart racing
3. Makes her body tingle
4. Makes her legs quiver
5. Makes her feel wet
6. That she feels unique
7. Makes her feel special
Ask a woman but change your question to this..
“How do you FEEL when you are attracted to man,”
Get ready now, you won’t hear nice, polite, gentleman, man of the world and all
that so many women say.
They’d tell you all the feelings they feel.
Therefore, isn’t it smart to learn the knowledge and skill to do that?
Go ahead. Ask that question..

“Women: how do you FEEL when you are attracted to man?”
If I ever followed any of advice women gave including my own mother and
sisters, guaranteed, I will still be a virgin aged 40.
Ask yourself one question, which no man and even women ponder on…
If women knew, then wouldn’t they…be…able…to teach…their son’s and their
sons who will have mastered the skills with women?
Think about that one.
If they knew, wouldn’t they be able to teach their sons, and all these guys who
grow up, will be attracting women with so much conﬁdence and skill, we won’t
have all these questions and tons of books that bullshit men on what women
desire in a man.
Here’s the mind fuck for you..
They DO KNOW but they are not going to say to their children that the reason she
was attracted to the man, father or boyfriend is..
1. I felt my heart race
2. My body tingled
3. I imagined him fucking me in all kinds of ways
4. My imagination was on ﬁre
5. I couldn’t stop thinking of him
6. I felt an incredible rush, shooting through my body
7. I felt my legs shake
8. I felt so nervous, butterﬂies in my stomache
9. I felt so excited
10. I felt my pussy wet
11. I wanted to ride him all night long
Now here’s the next mind fuck…
Why do you think the same mothers who have daughters who grow up so afraid
to talk, share, about their sexuality to their…..own….mother?
So if women knew, they’d teach their daughters too regarding sexual conﬁdence,
masturbation, how to be conﬁdent in their own skin.
Instead many girls grow up insecure about their body, confused about sex,
cannot diﬀerentiate love from sex, sex from love, and for years, girls grow up as
women comparing their asses, their tits, their face, their size to other women.
Their brain is churning on and on and on, never stops thinking about such
things, over and over again.
So why then most, majority and almost all won’t tell you the truth about
what really gets them attracted to a man?
It is the same reason a woman won’t open up to share with you for real, on what
the answer is..
Because of their desire to protect their own sexual reputation and image.
Fear of being judged. Fear of removing the mask to be judged by her man, by her
son, by her children, by other women and society.

So a guy grows up believing his skill is being positive attitude, he knows the world
around him, he’s nice, he’s honest, he’s gentleman, that the skill is blah blah and
all this does nothing for man.
The man wonders what he’s doing wrong because he followed the advice and still,
he is getting friendzoned, used, frustrated, wasting time and spending money on
resturant meals, movies, texting, phone, chasing…
He running around in circles, round and round as women laugh at him, playing
with him like cat and mouse, trying to impress with resturant meals, movies,
passiveness, being all nice, gentleman, scared to have an opinon and even…yes…
even hiding and apologising for his own sexuality because…it’s not nice. It’s not
gentlemanly. It’s not being a “real” man.
When all else fails what does he now think?
He believes the bad boy attracts the girl because he’s a bad boy.
No. Bad boy knows how to…make…the girl…FEEL. He learnt the right skills.
He didn’t take advice from women. He went out and ﬁgured out on his own
and realised what I ﬁgured out at a very young age.
The skills you want to learn which is universal is to..
1. Capure a woman’s emotions
2. Lead her imagination
3. Connect all these amazing feelings
4. To feel it’s all due to you.
See how simple this is now.
Now you don’t need money for this except to learn this knowledge and skill.
You don’t need a fancy car for this.
If you got a fancy car, sure, you’ll get some women emotion kicking oﬀ, her
imagination on money, wealth, her being popular and how mummy and daddy
will be so proud she got a rich man, and how she can post on facebook and
instagram to show oﬀ her new trophy.
It’s not about height, colour, hair, degree or job.
You don’t even need to say those things or mention or wonder about these things
when you know it’s about impacting and engaging a woman to…feel.
So you really want to invest in knowldge/skill in knowing how to..
1. Capture her emotions.
2. You lead her imagination which creates the sexual tension and learn how
to masterfully connect all these to feel it was due to you.
Because anything else is for relationship basis and that’s not attraction. Atraction
is base one…to attract…to grab attention…to connect for her to feel to want to
know you. To desire you the way you desire her.
But if you look at what women say, it’s all fairytale way and it’s all framing into…
Relationship!
We are taking attraction and they are talking about a diﬀerent value.
23.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is there any thing guy can do in early stages of approaching
women to persuade them not to ﬂake when he takes their

numbers to start dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are ways in which I have reduced ﬂakiness very low
If you don’t want to know why it reduces ﬂakes, scroll down number points. It’s
just when I am not detailed then I get questions on why as others are reading the
question and answer too.
The why..
The key to understand is as a lover, you know when it’s sex, women can get it
anywhere. It’s not a big deal. Sex, a woman can get it anywhere.
She only has to have ass and tits and a man will want to have sex with her. The
only reason she will not attract men is due to her own vibe she gives oﬀ, her social
awkwardiness, her frowning, her fake performance of show of disinterest and her
lack of social skills.
She can also be showing some insecurities which puts oﬀ guys.
Her lack of approachability due to her own behaviour, to game playing,
manipulations, playing hard to get and abandonment issues.
So girl, woman can get sex no problem.
Guess what they can’t get so easily.
Conﬁdent men who got self worth and knows how to give an awesome romantic
and sexual experience. He can make her feel alive. It needs a man who is not just
conﬁdent but knowledable, skilled to lead.
In simple terms…”the romance or the experience.”
So what do you do to create the…romance or experience?
Here’s the how..
1. I don’t approach to ask for the number. You need to get a conversation
going and spend more time with the girl.
2. I approach to engage, playful, fun. I let her know I only got a minute.
3. Afterwards I ask which way she is going
4. I say I am going that way too but will be cutting oﬀ very soon to meet my
friends or whatever.
5. As we walk, I build on attraction but I also add a little comfort. Comfort
is ﬁnding out more about her, and she about you. Not too much. Keep
attraction coming in up and down.
6. I use physical touch as I converse and there are times when we even hold
hands, and even depart with kiss on the lips. It doesn’t always happen
but sometimes, it attraction between us is so strong we do. The rapport is
good.
7. Sometimes we do go for a drink there and then, and in sitting, drinking,
we get close, hold hands, physical touch and kiss. This reduces ﬂakes
even more because you gave more richer experience diﬀerent to how
guys will do when approaching.
8. Now we exchange number and I have gone much further than most guys.
She’s learnt something about me and the wall is down a little more, she’s
experienced somethings and now the sexual tension and some comfort
is there but not too much.

In other words, not only did I get her attention but I now keep her
attention. It doesn’t stop…
9. When I am not with her, I will have texted, I will have been playful, I will
have sexualised indirectly and also….directly as time goes by to such a
level, she has told me how she liked to be klissed, fucked, and what
position she desires, and she cannot believe she is telling me all this as
she has never met a guy like me ans all the guys she met are a bunch of
pussies, and passive, and yet there go.
This is where I say - know the type of woman you desire.
I am high sexual lover and I will want compatibility with sex as well, and
so I will attract women of same nature. My goal is not to convince. My
goal is to ﬁnd out if we are attracted to each other and we compatible and
if not, it ends right there.
Now you know why I behave in this manner and why it is useless for amy
other woman and men to say “OOoh but I won;t do that because….” they
need to get over themselves because there are not the only woman on
this planet, there not the only type of woman, nor all have same values as
them.
There are high sexual and very sexually conﬁdent women who desire
such men. There are women who desire just sex.
There are also high sexuals who also fear relationships too.
There are women for diﬀerent types of men, as there are men for
diﬀerent women. Make it easier on yourself by knowing what you want
and ensuring compatibility ﬁrst and screen those who are not
compatibilty with you…out. Don’t compromise this no matter what.
10. I lead to phone and talk more and role play and increase the sexual
tension with sex game. We are having fun and we have agreed to say bye
bye to all the social norm rules bullshit. She feels great she can be then
Natural woman and not the caged societally programmed woman
pretending she’s a ﬁsh.
11. From phone I lead to giving time and day to meet.
12. We meet again and immediately I kiss, take her hand and assume she is
my girlfriend. I take her on a journey, showing her places I know and she
shows me places she desires to see, and we have fun, romantic, kissing,
holding hands, maybe go to park as well, no movies…no resturants but
more on building on the comfort with some attraction.
That is how I reduce ﬂakes.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mohammad Hout

I met a girl and I felt a connection, we chatted a while but she
didn't mention her boyfriend. Is she playing games?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re over thinking this too much.
She didn’t have to say anything because you never asked her. You are looking for
hints and signals, body language, to see something that isn’t there.
Passive do that and they get their heart ripped out of their chest, stamped on and
then complain why oh why.

If you’re attracted to a girl, show intent and forget the hints and looking for body
language. I have 25 years experience, and body language is still a hit and miss.
Very diﬃcult and so I show intent.
As for kiss, kiss on cheek, it means nothing.
Even on lips it means nothing.
Even if she said “I so like you,” it means nothing.
Until you show intent and she does, and there is two people moving forward
without assumptions, it means nothing.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop my brother from telling me the end of every
movie he has watched before?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Updated Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He keeps doing it because you are not talking his language.
I have seen your comment. You didn’t tell him to stop and explain why because
the mighty teacher wants him to learn the lesson on his own.
Come on now, have some sense.
Communication is the key and really, passive hint crap, hoping the guy knows,
can read minds, or the gods shares wisdom to the meek being and voila; he now
knows.
That’s a fantasy.
Talk to your brother or he thinks you want it to happen that way.
977 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ali Helmi

How do I make him want to see me more and show more
interest in me, like he did last month? Should I become less
available?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you become less available, then all it does is reveals you are not interested in
him. Usually, it can be the following..
1. The conversation isn’t arousing, Most of time it is small talk about life,
job, drama, and not really focused on the guy.
2. Maybe the actions you project doesn’t really show the guy you’re that
into him. Though you’re there, but it’s not really arousing, sexual, gets
his imagination going, and it’s becoming like this pal thing.
3. Maybe you did what most girls did, became someone who got the guy to
chase, instead of showing intent right in the begining. This is dangerous
because moment a guy chases and weeks or month go by, and then he
gets a yes, and then intimate, it all dies oﬀ. That’s the negative side of
playing hard to get.
Personally, it can be anything but you need to ask yourself, how do you want to be
treated and then communicate that…to him.
Or how does one learn, grown, and get an idea what it is you want?
Because we guys can’t read your minds?
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my partner admit she can say cruel things to me
because I love her and will forgive her but she would never talk
to a stranger that way?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she knows she can do whatever she wants…and you will always be there.
You fear losing her while conﬁdent men who who have high self worth will have
pushed her out of the damn door and told her to get the hell out of their life or
moved on. They will know love is about ﬁrst loving yourself.
Loving someone else isn’t enough.
You’re prority is loving yourself and someone who knows about love and
understands this wisdom values themselves too much to be treated like that.
Such men won’t need for a woman to do the same action twice and they won’t
tolerate a woman talking that nonsense to them.
1. She said that to you and you are still there.
2. That to her is the biggest reason why…..she can.
She knows no matter what she says or does, you will always be there. She has no
fear of losing you. She has no respect for you.
What woman would when she abuses you, says that to your face and you are still
standing there and even saying she’s your partner.
Passive aggressive men.
Nice guys.
They talk about love like it is the only thing that matters.
It’s not. There is also self respect, boundaries, and the person knows these
boundaries and respects them.
If not respected, bye, bye.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Gil Sanders

Is it wrong to get to know a girl a little bit before trying to ask
her out on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you wait and do the usual passive approach, then you might ﬁnd yourself in a
position where life teaches you a harsh lesson…
My friend found out the hard way when I approached woman who he desired but
I didn’t know. I walked up, had fun talking with her, and got her number, and two
days later, we were banging each other in her house AND then we dated, because
I don’t date women, I date lovers.
Been dating her for 6 years and my friend is still gutted but that’s his problem
following the old acient social norm advice.
You want to get to know her, if you are following social norms, tradition way, then
get to know her by dating her. Show intent early on, if no, move on if yes, sorted,
exhange numbers and sort the date…
Or you will have your heart taken, trampled over, spit on and then they’ll walk
away with this bullshit..
“OOoh men not entitled anyway..”

Show intent in beginning and if she wants to know you and you know her, then
date, but no resturants, no movies but walk, get to know each other.
Leave that for lovers who have emotionally and physically invested.
Always remember this rule..
You’re not the only one on this planet who is attracted to someone.
Someone else can approach while you are taking your sweet time as my friend
learnt the hard way.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Can l give back part of the money that my ex spent on me even if
he has not asked for it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I gave money to an ex and she gave money back, then whatever I felt for her,
even if it’s a slight touch, it be gone and I’d not respect her for it.
Now put that knife dyou want to push his back to twist..down or the desire for
attention, whatever it is, and leave it alone.
If he asks for it, then do so and he will then respect you for it but don’t call him to
give it back if he hasn’t.
Have dignity.
There is no dignity in doing this but spitefulness or some other motive. If it’s
because you feel bad about him giving you money, don’t.
Men who loved their ex once, enjoyed giving and so leave with that.
958 Views · View Upvoters

How come I never hear about blind or deaf people ﬁnding love
or getting married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my friends he is married and one day he comes up to me and says..
“I don’t get it.”
“What you’re on about?”
Then he tells me, when his wife got pregnant and as the months went by,
something weird happened…
“I never saw this happening to me, ever.”
He explains that wherever he goes, he now sees babies everywhere. He notices
shops with baby clothes on windows. He sees billboards of babies. He switches
TV on and commericials about baby food, baby toys, prams.
He goes into his car and bangs radio on and…it’s a commericial about babies!
He sits on bus and yes! Woman with a baby sits next to him.
“I don’t get it man. I never seen this and now, babies here, babies there, and even
when I went to denist, I look down on table and what do I see? No, not a fashion
magaazine. No, not a tourist magazine. Not even a magazine on teeth.”
“Cover magazine of baby?” I say.
“EXACTLY!” He exclaims with his hands up in the air and rolling his eyes.
Emotional Bias…

“An emotional bias is a distortion in cognition and decision making due to
emotional factors. That is, a person will be usually inclined. to believe something
even if there is evidence to the contrary….”
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

I lost my girlfriend about a year ago for buying an ex girlfriend
before her a gift for her birthday. Was what I did wrong? Did I
bring it too far?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was nothing wrong with buying a gift for an ex but personally, I won’t go
and open my mouth and advertise that I did. Long distance and yet you advertise
you buying some gift for some ex.
What on earth were you thinking?
That doesn’t take away you did nothing wrong in buying your ex a gift and saying
it to your girlfriend? Come on man, have your head screwed right on your
shoulders.
I got my head screwed right no matter if a woman says she is never jealous and
possessive to go oﬀ talking about how I bought an ex a gift.
Why I say that?
How does this help your relationship with a girlfriend? How?
It doesn’t.
Now in regards to her behavour….
It is an accumulation of things not just one thing. So this on top, is what got her to
say, enough is enough. She was already looking for an excuse to break up with
you and she found one.
Both have poor interpersonal and relationship management skills.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Other than sexual reasons, why do men like ﬂexible women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You might as well forget trying to make sex as some bad reason. You cannot
change our nature. This is who we are. This is what we are. It is ingrained in us
and men like me won’t apologise for it.
Let’s look at the logical and apologetic explaination…
1. She’s ﬁt
2. She’s healthy
3. It is a sign that she takes care of her body
4. And it is a future indicator she will continue to do so
Now let’s get real…
At a deep unconscious level, it’s going to be awesome for sex. Thinks of all the
sexy, kinky ways and positions with sex.
Man’s imagination kicks oﬀ when suddenly he thinks of a woman who is ﬂexible.
Now let’s go further…

What if a woman isn’t ﬂexible?
It’s not a problem because a guy will be visually attracted to woman to approach.
He’s not thinking..
“Hmmmm, she looks ﬂexible.”
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is he not talking to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why hasn't he talked to me?

You’re over-thinking too much with all this eye contact and hints.
Of course he’s not going to talk to you because you didn’t engage with him,
nothing happened. He’s in the dark as you are.
If he is interested he won’t show it because he fears rejection and he will need
more from you to take action. Or he’s not interested.
Make your move if you want him to talk to you and forget looking for hints, eye
contact and all kind of signals.
They’ll send you nuts.
This is how you do it….
1. Turn your head and look at him.
2. Now turn your body full and give him the look that if he approaches you will rip
his clothes oﬀ and ride him all night long.
3. If he doesn’t approach because he is a wuss then you approach and ﬂirt with
him, and be conﬁdent. Bust his balls for being a wuss…do it with a smile…
“Are you shy? Because I see you look at me and expected you to come over and say hi.
Since you haven’t, I have. So Hi..”
4. Time to exchange numbers.
Just say you’d like to meet up, go out for a drink with him. Watch what he says
and if all positive and he isn’t giving some excuses…exchange numbers…
5. Then text him something that isn’t “Hi, what’s up” but more sincere, genuine
and that brings value. Flirt, have humour and suggest something to do together.
And that’s how you get him to start talking to you.
And you start smiling because you’re not left in the dark assuming all kinds of
stuﬀ because you’re looking for hints due to you fearing rejection.If it doesn’t
work out, well, you can do the same thing again to another guy. The faster you
move on, the better chance of that happening.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is there any suggestions on how to date with a French girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 23, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From personal experience…
1. Take action don’t hesitate. They don’t like cowards.
2. Don’t talk about aﬀection early on
3. Romance is Masculine not some passive-aggressive waiting around, and
roses and all that. Leave that for much later after sex.

4. Don’t talk much but action. Lead.
5. And you better be damn good at sex or your done.
It’s probably why when I went to Paris, I killed it, it went awesome always because
I already had experience with french women. I travel a lot to Paris and south of
france.
I have multiple lovers, one is French and she’s been with me for over 17 years and
met all her sisters. Her friends and these women all love a man who takes action,
and must be a great lover. A sexual conﬁdent man.
They love sex and..romance.
Now of course, you can’t really say all french women are like that but from my
own personal experience, in dating french women, this is what I found.
Best you gain your own experience and avoid playing safe and just go and do.
That’s best way of learning.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would guys prefer a drop-dead gorgeous woman who has been
around the block a few times or a hard-to-get girl who is
beautiful and modest?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll go for the drop dead goreous, who has high self esteem, who has high self
worth, and who is sexually conﬁdent any day, than a girl who is insecure about
sex, and calls it…,modest.
And even if she isn’t drop dead gorgeous but I am attracted to her, and she has
high self esteem, amazing sexual conﬁdence, experience, who isn’t insecure
about sex…I will deﬁnitely prefer her.
A woman who knows how to make me feel alive, who can turn me on, who can
ride me in all kinds of positions and know how to make the experience with sex
so rich, it will blow my mind as I do the same to her.
Notice how I rephrased that because my attitude towards sex is healthy, it is sex
positive and also, positive attitude towards women who have the right to have as
much sex they desire, with whoever, without someone labelling them as sluts,
whores, too easy because someone’s psychological position and script regarding
sex.
Because such a woman isn’t someone who has been around the block a few times
to me, nor is she a slut, nor a whore, nor too easy…but the NATURAL WOMAN, a
woman who doesn’t see sex….deﬁnes…..her like most women who dangle sex like
a carrot.
Rather she can diﬀerentiate sex from love, love from sex, and doesn’t live in some
fairytale and fantasy regarding love and sex, and nor has she fell trap to believing
in the labels that has been socially conditioned and ingrained in sociey.
She can also combine love and sex with a mature outlook than cinderlla and
sleeping beauty Disney eﬀect.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I’m a 16-year-old girl, and I live in the UK and want to date a 19year-old boy that lives close to me. Is it illegal to have sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you can date the guy who is 19 year old and also, have sex. In the UK the legal
consent age for sex is 16 years old.
“The age of consent to any form of sexual activity is 16 for both men and women. The
age of consent is the same regardless of the gender or sexual orientation of a person
and whether the sexual activity is between people of the same or diﬀerent gender.”
With also that he consents to sex with you and you also consent with sex with
him.
You can read more on the law on sex for UK here..
The law on sex
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Are men attracted to miniskirts?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tits, ass, legs, will get a guys attention anyway but attraction is only the ﬁrst
phase. It’s only the beginning and many girls always lose the guy when all they
think about is just getting his attention.
You also got to keep his attention and for him to follow through to get to know
you and ﬁnd out who you are etc. I’m sure you don’t want to be some girl who just
gets a guy’s attention and want it to go further.
Plenty of such girls around and they are annoying and nothing more than just
that, a distraction that goes nowhere.
This is one girl with a mini sklirt…and this is how some girls think. One girl, and
she thinks she’s the only one with a mini skirt..on planet earth…

That is all a girl has in her mind.
That she is the only girl on this planet and no other girl are around. Just you, like
the end of the world happened and all guys exist and only one girl exist - you.
But here is what we guys see every day…lots of other girls too…

I am even being generous here because it be more than just this number of girls
walking about the city centre.
It be a crowd of girls walking about who are hot, sexy, all wanting someone’s
attention and all pretending they don’t see the guy’s.
You know, doing the disinterest move, the tactic that really doesn’t work on most
of the conﬁdent guys. We look, we smile and we…move on.
Same with night clubs.
When a guy walks into a night club he doesn’t see just one girl….

I am not sharing some pioneering, revolutionary insight because really, girls
always compare themselves to…other girls, what they look like, if they got a
bigger or better ass, how their breasts is bigger or smaller, or how they look sexy.
In fact, some girls hang around attractive girls for that reason - to look attractive.
And you got attractive girls hanging around not so attractive girls and if you don’t
believe me, you will because now it will be visible to you. Reason they do that is it

makes the attractive girls stand..out…more.
Now you’re going to walk around and you’ll start seeing that pattern ;)
So here you are, one girl and you walk into school, or college, or university, or
wherever, maybe a night club and suddenly the guy sees you, then her, then her
and….
Wow…who do we have here? (the girl in the white T-shirt)

Do you think I am looking at her mini skirt?
Do you think I have alien devise that reads her personality?
I do, if I am a character in a romance novel and you’re a girl who likes to believe in
the Cinderalla, sleeping beauty or Beauty and the Beast story.
I could be a vampire who can read her mind but this is the real world.
So what do you do?
When you know there are going to be other girls wearing hot stuﬀ, and you won’t
be the only one that gets a guy’s attention, what do you do?
Do you compete, stand there, looking all shiny?
No because there will always be a girl prettier, hotter, sexier and wearing a mini
skirt with amazing legs.
Here’s what you do if you are smart and not following the time wasting,
frustrating, fear of rejection social norm approach.
You’d do this…whether you wear a mini skirt or not…
1. You see a guy you’re attracted to, don’t just walk oﬀ but turn your head
and ﬂash a smile and keep your eye contact on him…because Cle0patra
has got nothing on you. Own this moment. Own it or regret it as a
moment in which you wish you did something about it.
2. Now turn your whole body and do this. That’s right. Stand there and give him
that look that if he walks over, you’re going to rip his clothes oﬀ and ride him all
night long, if..he has the balls to approach you.
3. If he still doesn’t move because he’s a pussy which by the way you might ﬁnd
that is the case, then walk right up to him and ﬂirt, show interest…
4. Lead it with how you’d like to see him again and exhange numbers…and tell
him to call, to text so you can both go out together.
Be honest if your nervous. Just say you get nervous making the ﬁrst call and text
and you like a guy who leads.
If you don’t, and you said you will then he will see it as you are either not
interested or playing mind games because you approached ﬁrst, you contacted
ﬁrst and now you’re behaviour is diﬀerent.
5. Follow through
Don’t be a ﬂake. Yes we know women ﬂake a lot because of whatever reason. That
took hard work for you and you are now going to mess it up with play hard to get
games?
That’s not a smart move.
Avoid the games and realise guys are simple creatures.
If you already becoming a hassle, we will move on.

If you do want to change time and day, let him know but do suggest time and day,
and say again you seriously do want to see him.
By these actions alone, you have just become a pioneer in dating and have gone
past so many girls who wait, do nothing and play games, or think a mini skirt, or
height, or hair colour, or this and that is the key.
Planet full of girls and the one who gets the guy is the one who understands
getting a guy’s attention is one thing, but being proactive is number one.
92 Views · View Upvoters

Why would he tell me he got a Valentine's gift from someone
else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People who do things like this..
1. Tell you who they got a crush on
2. Tell you who is interested in them
3. Tells you and shows you text and stuﬀ on who is interested in them with
conversation
4. Tell you who they had sex with
Are either…
1. Trying to make you jealous
2. Are immature in trying to play mind games to get attention
3. Are you insecure and fearing loss because they are interested in you
4. Are naive, immature and have no clue that what they are doing isn’t the
way to show attraction, build attract with someone they like
5. Or just telling you and that’s it
Best thing is ignore or change subject.
Or two…..if you’re interested in the person, avoid looking for signals, hints and
looking for what it means if the person did this or that..and…just say you’re
attracted to the person.
That way you ﬁnd out quick, you avoid frustrations and you can move forward or
move on.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if your boyfriend doesn’t touch, snuggle or
even talk to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me put it as a man, if it’s woman who calls herself girlfriend…
1. She won’t be my girlfriend
2. I will walk away from the relationship
3. And she can do all that or whatever she doesn’t do, with herself.
That’s what I’d do.
So of a guy is doing that with, you move on is what you do.

And if she says “I am asexual,” I won’t give a damn. It’s not what I want and I’m
moving on because love is not enough.
3k Views · View Upvoters

If I casually asked him when we should meet up, and he said
that we are both busy, isn't it clear that he's not interested in
meeting up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First he is speaking for you too which he shouldn’t be and should talk only about
himself.
Therefore, I would take it as//
1. He’s not interested
2. His answer is not good enough so move on
3. Deﬁnitely…deﬁnitely move on.
If a woman said that to me, believe. I would move on and not even think about
what it means because of..
2) Her answer is not a FUCK YES and so it is not good enough and I will move on
so fast, that in a couple days I’d already be with a woman and having fun.
The question for you is this..
What is your standards?
What is good enough for you?
I have high standards. In that I expect a Yes or No, nothing else and I don’t let any
woman speak for men. Just Yes or No.
If any in between or a no, I move on.
I want the woman to show full interest in me, or forget it.
How about you?
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Cici Pung

How do I build sexual conﬁdence?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Feb 19, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We easily say to be conﬁdent is applying until you are proﬁcient in the skill but
there is much more to just gaining a skill.
But if all you want is that, then it’s doing something over again, improve and
grow.
However, if you want to go deeper then continue reading.
Sexual conﬁdence is more than just sex itself.
It’s a world of it’s own and it is connected to other worlds too.
The reason being is that you will be interacting with other human beings which
means psychology and other factors.
You’ll discover sexual conﬁdence isn’t just a skill in which you do certain tasks
but it is also a feeling, an emotional connection, a way in which the other person
will also feel comfortable with you.

So the set of skill is not just sex but much bigger than that because the beginning
of interaction will always impact the mood and how you and someone else
behaves. It can create discomfort or it can create attraction and later comfort for
complete openess when it comes to sex and to be open to communicate,
experiment, enjoy and pleasure one self and each other.
So let’s go through somethings that can be missed regarding sexual conﬁdence:
1. How you perceive sex.
Individuals have been societally conditioned and so depending on your
own upbringing, the environment you was in and even your own
personal experiences with other men or women, in which you will have
some negativity regarding sex, regarding women or men.
When you was younger, even before 10 years old you will have made
some decisions, and though these decisions maybe clear to you, they can
also be unrealistic in terms on how you deﬁne meaning within the world
you live in.
You will have developed a script in your mind, the games you play and
games you won’t, and these come due to psychological position you have
decided to put yourself in.
As you grow older you will behave in a manner to reinforce this script to
make this perception of yours a reality.
If you have been abandoned, or abused, or whatever, then you will
behave in a manner to rinforce the script to believe..
“Sex is bad.”
“Sex is not good.”
“I don’t like sex.”
And as you will grow to know, in hammering on these thoughts, in also
reinforcing this script, you condition yourself to believe this to be so
which can also impact you psychological and biologically.
So whatever background or environment you was brought up in, the
experiences you have, the culture, the religion, what adults have said and
taught you, what you read, watched and who you associated with, as well
as experiences and your own behaviour which makes you believe in
whatever script you have running in your mind, will determine your
level of sexual conﬁdence or make it even non-exisistence.
It will also condition you to the stance on how you see sex in gender.
Example..
“I am great at computer,”
Now the gender sex part..
“But I hate men/women. I don’t feel safe with men/women. I think they
are users, and only use me for this and that..”
I haven’t even included the myths, fairtales, and social norms
conditioned in society. Therefore, if you have guilt or shame regarding
sex, then you will not be comfortable with your body, with your looks,
with your appearances and so your own self esteem will also be very low.

Therefore. you need to ﬁrst be self aware of how you see sex and be
honest with yourself, rather putting labels on yourself to avoid doing so.
Sexual conﬁdence isn’t just about sex but about you being honest with
yourself regarding your own thoughts about yourself and sex.
2. Being Comfortable In Your Own Skin
Again, because of the above I have mentioned, most people grow up
feeling guilt and shame in touching their bodies. Like masturbation,
pleasuring themselves.
Sexual conﬁdence isn’t just about having sex with someone else but to be
comfortable with your own sexuality, in your own body.
This is what I mean “loving yourself.”
It’s is part of it, being conﬁdent in your own body and being able to
embrace your sexuality, nakedness, and your desires and pleasures
without shame and guilt.
If you are a woman then spend time to pleasure yourself, get to know
your body because how will you educate your lover when
communicating, when he or she gets to know you, on what pleasures
you?
Use massage oil, burn some fragrance candles, sex toys or use your
ﬁngers, and make it a special moment to pleasure yourself.
Most guys though are comfortable with their sexuality and it is only the
social conditioning and the way society is, that tries to make men
apologetic about their desires for sexual pleasure.
Most guys have already experiement, embraced their curiousity about
what gives them pleasure. So have women from younger age but most
will have a great deal of pressure from society, social pressure, to
conform to hide their desire to pleasure themselves and desire in having
sex with men.
3. Being Conﬁdent With approaching women/men, ﬂirting etc.
Because of the above, it can impact in the way you perceive yourself
within the world you live in especially when it comes to approaching
women/men. After all, if you want to have ultimate sexual conﬁdence, it
does need you to engage, participate, approach other people.
But what if the script in your head is counter-productive to this task?
What if you have some issues against men or women?
What if you have something against sex and ﬁlled up with shame, guilt
regarding sex?
What if all you fear rejection due to your lack of self worth and due to
lack of approaching many?
What if you also don’t take action due to fairytale ideas and due to
fearing of social pressure, due to abandonment issues, that you never
really ever date or even get past the phase in which you have sex?

See then how the begining impacts everything and how it’s not just
about conﬁdent in sex but in yourself, your self worth.
You need to learn how to create attract attraction, how to ﬂirt, how to
tease, how to be playful, how to detach from the outcome to be able to
continue to go from one person to another until you get a yes.
But also, if it doesn’t work out, you’re mindset is at such a stage and your
love for yourself is high, that the negative doesn’t impact you so much
you cannot bounce back to keep going.
When you know this knowledge and experience, skill, you will be able to
know how to lead women or men to be able to communicate to you what
they desire, how they love to be pleasured and so much more.
Even before I meet a woman, for walking and talking after the initial
stage in which I got her number - she has already shared with me her
desires, her sexual pleasures and some even draw a chart for me on what
is their favourite and what is not. They are so turned on, you can forget
the dating going to a resturant to see if a person is interested in you.
We do that later on…after sex.
That’s what a man of conﬁdence can do and that’s who he attracts sexual conﬁdent and open minded women. When you know yourself,
know what you desire, you will not live in the terms of what society says
should happen or social norms.
You will live by your own terms and you aill attract the ones who also see
the world and life as you do. Sex then for such people isn’t a big deal but
rather a celebration in engaging and experiencing one another and
pleasuring each other without all these bullshit games most people play.
4. Conﬁdence in the knowledge of sex
I have kept my mind open, always had an open mind to learn and grow
regarding sex. I’ve never been ashamed of it nor guilty about it. Nor will I
apologise for it but be a pioneer in it to such now, I am creating my own
illustrated manuals in all the things regarding dating, sex, orgasms, blow
jobs, anal sex, the whole lot. Even to initial foreplay and massaging etc.
I spent a lot of time investing in knowledge on sex, from how to create
sexual tension, creating the mood, creating the comfort phase, to
pleasuring a woman to have multiple orgasms and the variety of erotic
practices or roleplaying involving bondage and other disciplines.
I’d do the same if you want to increase your conﬁdence because it will
open your mind and help to open your lovers mind too.
5. Conﬁdence with physical sex
Even with knowledge, there is no substitute to having sex and being able
to have the conﬁdence to pleasure your lover, as your lover pleasures
you. The conﬁdence in knowing how to pleasure your lover will do so
much more than you can imagine for you and for them.
It will open their mind to desire to communicate more with you on their
desire from day one.
You will for sure need to practice, be with people and have sex, in a
healthy manner, and grow with experience and becoming skilfull at it.

One thing for sure - stay away from learning from porn videos. It will
only limit you and really, what you see, that clean, smooth doesn’t
happen in real life when it comes to sex.
It can be messy, it can be clumsy but through time, you will grow in
awareness, in skill, in experience to adapt fast because every woman or
man, will be very diﬀerent.
As a man, a lover, I ﬁnd every woman is diﬀerent when it comes to sex. I
cannot do what I did with one woman and apply as such to another. The
learning again begins but it is much faster, I know what to do, I know
how to lead, I know how to connect and arouse, and create sexual
tension, how to create comfort, how to make her body tingle, her body
feel she’s on ﬁre, to be aroused with intensiﬁed feeling, so turned on she
is already wet….without…evem touching her.
That is knowledge of my self, of woman. on dating and sex, with skill and
experience combined.
Just know every woman is diﬀerent and so it the case with every man.
What will pleasure one man or woman, will not for someone else.
Always communicate which most don’t do and spend far too much time
assuming due to fear of being judged, or rejectecd.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I, at 16, obsessed with older men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s normal.
Not everything is daddy issues, as I date young women and in my 40’s, and all
have connection with their father, some have good relationship with their
parents, and they come from a well brought up family.
And I don’t see the young women I date as someone to take care of, but rather
they are women, sexy, smart, mature and desire mature men, and who desire
more experience at every level, to know how to be treated as a woman than a girl
to be cared for. Plus, I don’t want to date a girl who wants to be cared for like some
daughter.
You get me? She too has to be seductive, behave as a woman as well.
It could be many variables like..
1. The younger guys are immature
2. Their hormones kicking oﬀ and all they see is bang, bang and that’s it,
leaving you emotionally feeling empty, and feeling used.
3. The intimacy is deeper and physical conversation is deeper
4. The conversation with younger guys, well….give them an hour or week
and they won’t have much to say
5. You don’t grow with these younger guys but feel wanting, feel a need of
validation more, feel like it’s just not really satisfying you emotionally,
mentally, romanically and sexually.
Many young women date older guys for these reasons and more.

Age 23, you will probably ﬁnd most men have yet to ﬁnd themselves, have lack of
experience in women
So it’s not always Daddy Issues which most would like you to believe. It can be
preference in older men and that’s normal, as older men can be for many young
men very appealing, attractive, especially due to the experience, conﬁdence and
most of all, there is less drama or none at all.
We also don’t have time for playing games, we have been there, done it and not
interested, so be aware, to not play those games you would in college, to get
attention because it will backﬁre on you.
I have had many young women try those games but I am in my 40’s but when
you’ve been there, done it, wear the shirt, you really want to bypass all that
nonsense, and so, hopefully you have left those games behind, and show
maturity, and you are conﬁdent to show you’re attracted to the man, rather hints,
signals, and doing things that really doesn’t show conﬁdence but insecurities.
Older me are more conﬁdent, will be direct with you in their intent and so, if
you’re not conﬁdent, have some insecurities, it probably show in your behaviour
by playing hard to get games, or doing all kinds of nonsense which is a turn oﬀ.
You can do that with younger guys and they probably got all time in world, but
older men, like myself, we value time, we value honesty, and we value straight
forwardness, and so to behave in a manner in which you think we got all time in
world, well, it will backﬁre as it has for other young women who tried doing those
games.
Plus older men, we got a purpose, we got goals, dreams, and life of our own and
so, that neediness you might ﬁnd in young men, will not be so much with older
men. Yes we desire to be admired, loved, for a woman to behave seductive but we
won’t start chasing if suddenly a young man starts doing all those dissappearing
acts, silence acts, and playing hard to get tricks.
We just turn our attention elsewhere.
So just some understanding about older conﬁdent men. Not all older men are as I
explained.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

A guy gave me his number and we texted once. It's now been
two weeks and he hasn't replied to the last message I sent him.
What do it? Do I Text him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is what most people just don’t get. If you’re a woman then here’s why I lose
interest when it comes to texting..
1. There is no intent. You haven’t lead to meet
2. It is boring because your attraction towards him just back and forth text
leading to nowhere. You don’t show it.
3. It’s used for emotional support and you don’t use texting whining about
life, bitching about life, and blah blah. That one so many women do. Cut
it out if that is what you’ve been doing.
4. You’re not arousing him and desire to want to meet you
5. The belief is of someone is into you then the above won’t matter. It does
matter. We don’t want to hear drama, boring us about life at home,
children blah blah. Some of us have lived and already wanting to escape
from that so we don’t want to hear that. We already living the tedious life.

I mean once in a while is ﬁne but even then, if you haven’t heard from
the guy for a while and he hasn’t from you, to then appear ot he appears
for you to chat about things, it’s a turn oﬀ. It switches oﬀ attracton.
In conclusion…
1. Show intent. Show you’re attracted to him. Flirt. Sexualise in text. Be
fun and playful.
2. Lead to the goal fast to meet up.
3. If long distance, don’t be needy with behaviour on why a person hasn’t
replied and making it as an issue. Grab attention in being ﬂirtatious, fun,
playingful and avoid being serious.
4. Avoid talking about tedious life and whining about life.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

My friend didn't date a girl he was close to because she was too
"bro" for him. What does that even mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes because…
1. She hangs around with guys and him a lot and behaves like a bro
2. She demonstrates guys traites
3. Sits with the guys, drinks beer, plays video games and football or
whatever
4. She is the drinking buddy, used as a wing-woman.
5. She is now categorised as bro, a girl he won’t date, have romantic
feelings, relationship and sex.
In other words…
She ,might be cool and all that but….he’s not looking for that in a girl. He’s not
looking for “she’s one of..the…guys.”
Moment a guy calls a girl bro….he won’t be dating her.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do men enjoy being aﬀectionate or just do it to get sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do women enjoy being aﬀectionate or just love to make a man passive about his
sexuality, and dangle sex like a carrot?
As you can see, it’s not a gender issue and if a person thinks woman is woman,
blah blah, and she automatically is aﬀectionate…then it’s nothing but bullshit.
There are women in this world who do not show aﬀection and don’t give a toss
about it either. Some women also love sex, and that is all they want. In fact if a
person lived a little and got out of their comfort zone, they’ll meet such women.
Men are like women, some show aﬀection and some don’t.
Has nothing to do with gender. You have to see it on an individual basis and not
frame it as a gender issue.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What would you think if your ex texted you on Valentine's Day
(who you still love) and tells you that they hope you're doing

okay?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If my ex was still texting me that and I asked what everyone thinks..
1. I’m banking hope and haven’t moved on
2. I haven’t got many options.
3. I’ve spent part of my time wasting it on the past
But then again, that would never be me because my ex girlfriends will know, they
are an ex for reason and it’s best they stay put as an ex.
And if I didn’t block the number and text did came with that message, I wouldn’t
be needy to even think what it means.
I’d think you haven’t moved on. That’s what I think.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I try to attract men older than me. But I am just a teen girl. Do
you think I need a father?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. It doesn’t mean you need a father.
I am dating girls who are 18 year old and I am in my 40s, and they got wonderful
parents, understanding parents, who encourage them, love them and have been
in their lives and so forth.
Most of the time it will be the following which I hear all time from young women I
date and it frustrate them to no ends which is why they date older men…
1. The young guys are immature. Not all but most are.
2. They cannot connect at an emotional and psychological level
3. Sex is same, mundane, selﬁsh, because all it is, is bang bang for the guys.
So lack of experience.
4. Intimacy at a deep emotional level is not there after infatuation is gone.
5. Conversation - give it an hour and they’d run out what to talk about.
They haven’t lived
So it can be these and much more. It can be you prefer older men. You desire
older men as I have discovered with many young women.
It’s very common though most people will like you to believe it’s not.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How come some average-looking (if not physically
unattractive) guys can get women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they..
1. Take action. The answer is in action
2. They don’t give up after many rejections
3. They don’t give a shit about impressing girls
4. They keep approaching and trying until they get a yes

5. They probably got rejected many a times but got more balls than most
guys
6. They believe they are worthy of anything and go for it
7. They don’t whine, bitch about why others can and why they can’t
That’s not just for average guys but all kinds of guys.
The world makes way for those who go for what they want, keep going, learning,
until they ﬁgure it out to improve to get results.
Most quit because they don’t want to ﬁgure it out.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is ambition considered attractive to women? I have a grand(yet
achievable, as many agree) ambition that would make both of
us powerful and inﬂuential
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ve never talked to a girl about how much money I got and all the stuﬀ most guys
think is so damn important because I don’t impress girls.
In fact, even when I was broke years ago, I dated many girls and the school I was
at all had wealthy rich families while my dad was a steel worker and my mum
looked after 6 other children.
And yet, it was me having fun with threesome, dating girls, because to you as a
guy it’s about ambition, money, it is big talk, it is fancy clothes, it is height this
and that, and all the crap most believe.
Let me give you one secret…
You can have $1,000 or $10,000 but then comes a guy who can talk and make a
girl body tingle, legs quiver, her heart pounding with excitement, her pussy wet
with the imagination of experiences she will get with me, and all her fantasies
suddenly triggers oﬀ like crazy and you won’t have a chance in hell.
Those rich teens didn’t either.
It’s about making a girl feel alive.
They are not thinking about all you are thinking about when you see the girls in
class but the reason why you think it’s about buying a girl’s attention by
impressing her with what you got is because you’re self worth is low inside of you.
You have very low self esteem and you got the girl on a pedestal.
Money or no money, you won’t even take action to approach her while some guy
with nothing much will because he believes nothing is out of his reach and no girl
is out of his league.
Even if you did, your mindset regarding how you see girls will go against you
because your thoughts project in how you then behave.
You have already failed by saying..
“She’s out of my league..”
So that means the way you are behaving when around her is already going against
you.
3k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I'm interested revealed that she's talking to three other
guys. How do I go about coming out on top the competition?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I like these guys blah blah
Me - Is that all? Now if you said 6 I’d be pretty impressed. I’d probably even grow
to like you, get married, have babies cause you got the waiste for it but 3, I am not
impressed at all.
Then walk oﬀ.
And if you think I give a damn about oﬀending girls, I don’t. If they don’t give a
damn with respecting me talking that shit, I won’t give them respect either.
Any girl that tells you how she likes some guys, is either naive to play the oldest
trick in book to get you jealous, or she is trying to tell you, she’s not interested in
you.
In either case, if a girl did that, I’d shut her down so fast or ignore what she said
and changed the subject.
Reason you’re being passive is you got her on a pedestal.
Second, forget competing, just approach and ﬂirt, then ask her out, and if she
says no, you haven’t wasted tons of time, kissing her ass, putting her on a pedestal
because the moment a girl thinks she can get that from you, she will categorise
you as some guy who hasn’t much self worth.
Don’t compete because most guys haven’t the balls anyway to approach so
approach, ﬂirt, be playful, because conﬁdence is king in these matters and you’re
not showing any of it with her.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my guy best friend always secretive about other girls?
He never talks about other girls and when I bring a girl up, he
avoids the question. Why is this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He knows you like him?
You haven’t said “I am attracted to you,” and asked him out.
Like is when you tell some guy, “I like you” and he translated it as “I want to be
your friend.” So he treats you now as…a…friend.
Avoid usinf this word “like” to a guy you are sexually and romantically attracted
to or we will see it you just want to be friends.
Be clear in showing your intent to the guy.
Let go of playing mind games.
When you are attracted to a guy you don’t talk and bring up questions or talks
about other girls, trying to test him.
You think he doesn’t know?
We know every trick in the book when it comes to girls. We just pretend we don’t
know, and so whenever you do the following…we know you’re being manipulative
or trying to ﬁnd out something when you…
1. Talk about some girls
2. Talk about some guy

3. Talking about you got a crush on someone else
The more you do that, the more it makes it obvious that you’re trying to ﬁsh for
information or you are hiding something.
Or you’re trying to prove something or test a guy’s state of frame.
Avoid bringing up questions about other girls and ﬁnd your backbone to ask him
out. That is not the way to show interest to a guy with trying to nudge to ﬁsh
information if he’s into some out there.
It takes the attention away from you.
He’s not being secretive.
He…doesn’t…trust you or doesn’t know you’re attracted to him and he won’t if
you keep talking about other girls or even guys.
You’re giving a vibe that tells him something is up and he avoids it like I do. To
tell you nothing because it’s not your business to know.
Until you make it your business i.e….you have asked the guy out and you started
dating the guy and been intimate with him but if you having…avoid brining stuﬀ
about other girls.
It’s a big turn oﬀ.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I have two guys ﬂirting with me, but neither will ask me out.
What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Mar 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, because….
1. You like the attention
2. You fear rejection
3. You haven’t also asked any of guys out
There we go.
Remember, cinderalla is a fantasy and so is sleeping beauty.
Yes, I know. I could have said “it’s the 21st century and women should now ask men
out,” but we all know don’t we, pigs will ﬂy before majority of women do that.
With all the big talk so many women do, regarding equality, most can’t even take
the risk of asking a guy out.
You expect the guy to ask you out.
You do realise men who got balls, courage are rare these days in a world that
desires to make men passive, apologetic about their desires and sexuality.
Well this is the fruit of that labour.
Here’s my advice..
Since you haven’t the backbone to ask one of them out..
Drop these two bunch of pussies and go somewhere, where men got balls and
backbone to approach because believe me, you’ll be bored if you dated any of
these guys.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is a woman's most attractive feature/trait to a man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What quality of women attracts the men the most?

You can’t put it as “one” quality. It be a number of things as women also don’t just
look for one quality.
Personally….
1. Vulnerability.
If a woman cannot show her desire for a man when he shows intent with
her, then it is already a red ﬂag for him. If a woman avoids whenever he
shows intent, it reveals the woman isn’t interested, or if she…she’s
playing games and it’s a turn oﬀ. One of the biggest mistakes most
women do is they show a lack of feminity, in that they are emotional
cold, they are up their ass with this bullshit mainstream romance in
hiding their intent to the man they desire.
Don’t ever think he isn’t also talking to other women to decide who
shows intent to him, vulnerabibility to him, and that includes not just
feelings but her sexuality in tone of voice, in behaviour. It will be a
deciding factor no matter.
2. Humour
Conﬁdent men use humour to see if she can be fun, if she has a friendly,
open minded and welcoming personality. He will sexualise in his tone
indirectly and directly to see if she is his equal but also if she can have
fun.
3. Sexual conﬁdence
One of things I look for is compatibility and a conﬁdent man will talk
about sex, will speak it and will not be apologetic about it either. If a
woman is already showing signs of negativity about it in the begining,
that alone reveals she is not a potential future relationship material,
because last thing I want is a woman who isn’t high sexual, has
negativity regarding sex, orgasms and so forth. I get this sorted way in
the begining.
4. Consistency
If a woman’s communication isn’t consistent, by that she shows
admiration and projecting interest and then she doesn’t, when he shows
it. It is a red ﬂag and now most men see this as a woman to avoid as it is a
sign of insecurity, a sign of playing hard to get and it is a sign of
immaturity.
The other part is that a woman will ask questions which she shouldn’t be
if she isn’t not interested in the man. Like his goals, like his purpose but
nevertheless, the man will answer but not with clarity because she hasn’t
applied…the ﬁrst step…showing vulnerability in that she has been clear
that she desires him.
In other words, she is seen as dishonest, unauthentic, a SIREN which is a
woman who tries to seduce for other motives i.e. attention, to ghost a
guy, for emotional support amd not really serious about the man to
desire him for sexual and romantic interest.
These are the top reason that even if she is attractive will turn oﬀ a conﬁdent man
who has options and probably most men who aren’t even conﬁdent, because it
reveals lack of certainty and it revals she follows the bullshit social norm dating
processes and manipulating games.

As you can see, it’s not just one quality, it can be diﬀerent things.
If a woman relies on one thing then she is really not taking advantage of all her
other attractive qualities and just using her beauty.
Beauty, after all, is far too common these days.
Not knocking it but if that is all a woman has then even an average looking
woman, who I have shared knowledge with and trained….will be able to run
circles around her.
Cleopatra was no hot stuﬀ.
She was average looking woman but she knew the ways of men, and understood
what thy valued the most. She had the knowledge and skill to seduce men and
keep men’s attention.
She was surrounded by beautiful women but men were drawn to her.
14.3k Views · View Upvoters

Are/were you sexually active as a teenager?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I was sexuallya active as a teenager and because I was not being passive
about it, approaching. One of my ﬁrst sexual experience was when I was 14 years
old with a teacher.
Tall, white, beautiful ﬂowing hair, breasts busting through the seams, legs long as
inﬁnity. She invited me to her house for..”private english tuition..”
I got the message loud and clear.
When I was a teen I looked older and the way I spoke, deep voice. I still have a
deep voice.
Amazing woman, and I learnt all I needed to know about sex, how to ceate sexual
tenstion, foreplay, sex positions, orgasm to apply to other girls.She was the one
who helped me on how to converse to women in their emotional language, so I
know, most advise women give and men is complete bullshit.
Deﬁnitely an awesome teacher :)
It was one of the experiences in my life that made me much more conﬁdent than
many guys I knew, to approach lots of girls, where I was very active in regards to
sex. Loved it then and love it now.
Every week, sex was happening and sometimes orgies. The stuﬀ most parents
have no clue about what teen do. Think we are so innocent. Hell no. It was
happening but was smart for them to never know.
There was this house that wasn’t used and I’d use it, where girls every week, 3
times a week, sometimes more, have sex, blow jobs, the lot. Experimenting to also
3 threemsome, gangbanging, and girls desired double penetration, which drove
them crazy, and which got other girls coming when they heard about it from
friends,
So while most guys was fantasising, thinking world is like this or that, it was all
on, down a place, a house, door number 53 until…the house was sold.
But we found other places.
Imagine, then, some young guy, innocent looking and no one would ever know.
No one would have thought you is that kind of guy.

;)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy just stop talking to you, no headsup, no
explanation, no ﬁght, just total, utter, silence?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I haven’t enough information so I’m just assuming it can be any of these or some,
or all combined together..
1. You don’t show interest in the guy
2. You don’t meet face to face to date or took action to do so, if you’re local.
Instead it has been back and forth conversing and none of moving to the
next base to achieve the goal…meet up…face to face.
3. You see texting like it’s a conversation tool but it’s not. Use the
phone/face to face.
4. The experience with you is like having a sister. You talk about mundane,
boring, unexciting stuﬀ like your problems, your insecurities, what you
eat, family stuﬀ, blah blah blah. You’re not focused on him.
5. You are not focused on him, in arousing him sexually and romantically
6. You do too much sharing to get emotional support
7. So you probably be emotionally draining him
8. With you, communicating is like communicating with guys and so he
treats you now like a guy, in a Masculine way - no explaination, no heads
up, no ﬁghts, total utter silence because he cannot be assed talking with
you.
When he does, it’s about your problems worries, fears, some drama and
so forth. It pushes him away.
9. There is no beneﬁt in regards to sexual and romantic
10. There is no goal whatsoever to meet instead both of you probably played
it safe, or you have and this gives room for guys who just want attention
to…ghost you.
Always move fast to meet if local.
Always get the person and you to agree to meet if long distance.
And avoid having just one guy but many options because there are people out
there, women and men who are so needy for attention, they will use your time, to
do nothing more but to get attention and when done….they move on.
Screen them out quick but do have lots of options.
2k Views · View Upvoters

My wife has never achieved orgasm and has no interest in
trying, and gets defensive if I even mention it. What should I
conclude from this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, she will get defensive if you mention it especially if she has always been like
that regarding orgasm. I do my home work real well before I even want a
relationship with a woman and so, you knew this about her and yet now, you are
getting frustrated about it.

Now to help you in this situation will be diﬃcult but do-able.
But it will need more than some tips and tricks.
It will need you to avoid approaching her about orgasms because you are doing
the same nistakes so many men and even women do with each other.
You are approaching like this..
“How do I get her to orgasm?”
“How do I get her to do this and that?”
Wrong questions.
It’s like men and women who ask..
“How do I get a guy to be interested in me?”
“How do I get a guy to call me more?”
“How do I get a guy to do this and that?
“How do I get a woman to blah blah blah?”
Notice something?
These questions are all about the function of body. All about to ﬁrst get someone
to do something.
These questions are about actions. These questions are 5 steps ahead when you’re
not even on base one.
So here’s what you need to do..
Ask the right question not to her but to yourself.
“How do I get her to a STATE OF MIND in which she is so furiously lustful for me, so
wet, so fucking wild that no matter what I do, go down on her, eat her out, that
she..orgasms.”
Don’t ask her instead focus on her mind to arouse her.
Don’t focus on how to get…but rather how to arouse her mind, her state of mind
to feel, to furciously desire it, to be so compelled she got to experiencce it. To
want to FEEL the experience.
Now…ﬁgure out how to do that.
Just stop asking her about orgasm. That’s the body action. Focus on capturing her
emotions and igniting her imaginations which has all these fantasies.
Everytime you focus on getting to act rather than focusing on capturing her
emotions to…lead…her imagination…..you make it worse for you and makes her
feeling guilty about it too.
She be thinking “you don’t care about what I want but what you want.”
That’s what logical approaches do. They make women think logical.
Instead focus on learning how to make her feel lustful for you, so much so, she
will do so naturally because her emotions, her feelings, her body hypersensitive,
the sexual tension you created before sex, the foreplay before you even got to the
bedroom, the week or weeks of teasing, ﬂirting, arousing her mind to such her
pussy is throbbing, her imagination is going crazy for you, to such she won’t care,
but to let go and experience it all.
Don’t bring up orgasam as a conversation.
Instead, this time begin focusing on nothing more than her imagination. Create
sexual tension and later when you have done so, let her not…touch…you!

You back oﬀ….you tease her….you let her go crazy with desire, that she will be
compelled to play with you, rather than go against the ﬂow.
So forget about what you want for a while.
Focus on her imagination, learning how to make her furiously lustful to such a
level, that you will ﬁnd, you can play with her naked, and she will play with
herself with you.
But in all honesty, I personally make sure from day one, a woman is sexually
conﬁdent in all ways before I ever be in a relationship with her.
It just makes life easier.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is romance at the oﬃce not a good idea?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. What if it doesn’t go well after the infatuation is gone. Can you deal with
seeing this person 5 days a week when you go to work?
2. It can create drama and if someone is an asshole or narcisst/psycho, they
can do damage to you at work.
3. There is a saying, “don’t shit close to home,” and job is close.
4. If it’s the boss, well, when it’s over, you’re job might be as well. It’s just
becomes a mess you don’t want to deal with.
So these are something to consider and there might be more other folks will
share.
That doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen and it works great for some people. I know
some people been in relationship for years, some got married.
It’s really up to the person but personally, too close to home for me.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Would you keep looking at a girl only because she was looking
at you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I won’t keep looking at a girl but instead, I’d walk right up to her and..
Me - Are you shy because I thought you was going to walk over and say hi. Since
you didn’t, I have. So..Hi…
Then take it from there.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad to tell a girl that you are shy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You won’t need to.
She will know in the way you behave anyway.
There’s no point in saying it because from what I know of shy folks, it’s obvious.
Just focus on connecting with her.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What should I tell a guy when he asks what do I think about
him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So this guy asks you a question but the answer isn’t clear to him. If it was he
wouldn’t have asked again.
Now most will think it’s his problem with insecurity, which can be the case
but……the ﬁrst thing comes into your head is…

You already had that in your head long before he ever turned up regarding men.
That thought there is your script, which you have believed this to be the case
about men, long before he showed up.
That is due to the environment you was brought up in, mainstream media,
women, movies, and probably past experiences with some men.
So when a man asks that question or even just looks at you and approaches you to
just talk, you’re script begins…
1. He wants sex
2. He might be a player
Look at the word you used..
“Like.”
It’s ambigious.
You know that word is ambigious and you’re not giving him a clear answer
because worried about your own sexual reputation and fear rejection.
Like him as what?
Is what he is wanting to know.
Like him as a friend?
Like him in a romantic and sexual way?
Because that is what why he is asking you the second time or third time.
He is inexperienced, he doesn’t know the ways of women with their hints, sub
communications and dancing around with words.
He wants to make sure you are attracted to him in a romantic and sexual way and
not as a platonic friend. That way he knows for sure, he won’t get rejected.
In other words if you are attracted to him in romantic and sexual way, then just be
clear. Example below…
“Since I got to know you, I have grown attracted to you, and I am wondering if
you also..feel the same way too about me.”
23.1k Views · View Upvoters

Are my girlfriend and I incompatible because of our diﬀerent
opinions on parties?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not the drinking.

It’s that you fear loss. That’s really it. That she goes out on her own and all those
guys and you have the insecurities regarding some guy will snatch her away from
you. In other words….
You don’t…trust her.
Got nothing to do with guys taking advantage of her. It’s you fear losing her and
she knows it. Knows it so well she will do whatever and give you the same speel..
“Oh it was the drink and guys took advantage of me.”
“Sex. It just happened. It was the drink..”
You can’t stop her. You can’t control her. If she wants to go, she’ll go. You need to
decide if it’s a deal breaker for you but this…
“I love her………..and don’t want to lose her.”
Love is never enough and being with someone with this fear of losing them will
get you to behave in a manner that will self sabotage the relationship anyway.
If it’s a deal breaker, it’s a deal breaker.
For me, it’s not a deal breaker but then again, I am in relationship with lovers who
a responsible with drinking and some don’t even drink alcohol.
End of the day, you got no choice in the matter of her going out to parties. If she’s
going to go, she’s going to go.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is something wrong with me? Why am I always getting
approached sexually?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s nothing wrong with you or the men.
It is our basic instinct as men to see something we like and approach. That has
been going on since day one. That is the Natural man.
Of course men will approach you sexually and any man, any who says he
approached you because he read your personality from 10 yards is a liar and
manipulator, and a pretender and dishonest.
It’s one of nice guys little tricks to hide under radar to get closer to you.
Sexual appeal is what attract men and so does with women, but most women like
to pretend they are so above this. You know, it’s good for their sexual image to
peacock to suitors for long-term relationship ;)
Men see what they are attracted to and they approach - men are wired as such to
visually see what they desire and go for it while women, who do desire man sit on
their asses and do not go for it. They don’t go and take risks as men do, so women,
have an abundance of men to choose from without even taken much eﬀort.
If women were known to approach when they see a man they are attracted to…
then men would relax.
But women don’t approach men, do they?
No, majority of women don’t.
It is rare and so men have to approach or nothing is going to happen.
Until you women take equality seriously and approach men, we are not going to
wait and wait and wait. Men will see a woman that’s attractive to him and he will
if he has the conﬁdence, approach.

Most women will not take the risk because of the taboo regarding it in society,
because of women themselves slut shaming other women, and doing so to men.
Men take the risk.
They take the risk to get rejected.
They take the risk to be judged as players, assholes, manwhores and so forth.
They take the risk against social pressure
What do majority of women do in regards to dating to approach men?
Nothing.
You expect man to approach. You expect man to ask for your number. You expect
men to pursue. You expect men to call. You expect men to dine and wine you.
One thing you cannot expect is man waits when it suits you.
They approach wherever because you are known not to take risks even if it’s in
the safest of places. You still expect man to take the ﬁrst step.
They got to approach and take the risk.
It’s not about cues. It’s not about you emitting. It’s a much deeper issue that is
ingrained in society in which most women, when they desire a man they see, they
just do not take the step to say so.
You do what?
Hints and signals, and since man has to rely on that too, well, now you got a
whole lot of mess because woman fears being seen as too easy, a slut, a whore,
and so “better not ask a man out as it looks desperate. What will my friends say?
What will he think of me?”
It is that most women do not take the risks to approach man. You apologise for
being a woman if you desire to. You apologise for your sexuality while you make
50 shade pf grey best seller and buy romance erotic novels to read behind closed
doors, with sex toys under the bed and objectify men..in your fantasies.
We men, will not apologise for being sexual man for anyone, not for woman, man
or society. The ones that do here, shame on them. They don’t speak for me and
men around the world.
The basic just of it is, man is visual and he sees what is beautiful to him and he
approaches. Since women do not take the risk to approach and known globally
that they expect men to approach, this will continue, whether you give out hints
or you don’t. Masculine men don’t wait for hints.
That is the instinct and nature of man.
They see what they are attracted to, they approach, they ﬂirt because you’re
attractive, you have sexual appeal.
6k Views · View Upvoters

Why some people prefer not to talk about themselves?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It maybe..
1. They feel uncomfortable doing so
2. They don’t trust the person
3. Or don’t know the person enough to do so

4. Maybe there are other people around
5. Maybe it’s part of their personality.
Sometimes from my personal experience, I don’t want to share as an example my
goals and what I am wanting to achieve to someone who isn’t close to me. So I am
pretty vague in answering such questions to women as such women who are not
my lovers, do not qualify for such detail information.
I might say vaguely but I won’t reveal in detail. Mostly because most people who
ask really don’t give a shit anyway. They sometimes ask questions due to it being
some social ritual.
So it can be many reasons.
Depends on the person and who they are talking to.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can I get a good girl if she thinks I'm bad?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s no such thing as good girl or bad girl. There’s only girls pretending to be
good girls for sexual image and reputation, and the “bad girl,” had enough of the
bullshit to just be herself.
Like the day I met this “good girl.”
Goes to church and all that, studying, usual stuﬀ and another “good girl,” who
didn’t go to parties, night clubs. and so on.
Well, one day, the girl who goes to church tells me her family going oﬀ for day to
another city, so I ﬁnd my way to her house.
This “good girl,” jumps on me and later shows me all her sex toys and by the time
I’m done, she tells me all her sexual fantasies and we try some.
And she was…awesome at sex.
Then I met the “good girl” who didn’t go to parties, night cliubs and so we went
out and as always, you know how it is, when you know you’re stuﬀ, she gets
turned on, and it’s 9pm, near a park and we go behind the bushes and trees and
have sex there. Later we go to my place and sex there.
Good girls.
There is no such thing.
They all got desires. It’s just they are good at hiding under radar wearing social
mask and guys like me, the “bad boys,” we know the drill.
We know these girls will never, ever, behave this way with some nice guy or some
guy up his eye balls, worrying about being a good guy, because the day these girls
ﬁnd out she cannot be herself, and sees she cannot experience her desires with
such a guy, she will then revert to the social conditioned woman not..the Natural
Woman.
She’ll revert to being insecure, wearing her social mask, all day and night with the
guy, and to him she’s a “good girl,” but to someone else, she will behave very
diﬀerent because she knows, she won’t be judged, slut shamed, and she can be
whoever she wants.
Something so many guys don’t learn way back until it’s probably too late.
There is no good girl and bad girl.

That’s just some script running like a virus in minds of girls and guys, to big up
their own self mage to world.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How did you change your life in a year?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can you change your life in 1 year?

I could give you a list of lots of things but here’s something I did and it is very
eﬀective for a very good reason.
Habits are very tenacious and it is easy to go oﬀ doing lots of things, focusing on
changing lots of things for habits to resurface. You don’t get to see a lot of results
doing lots of things and so you then think it doesn’t work.
But here’s what I did.
I focused on one thing for one year.
Really hammered it.
So imagine if you focused on one thing and that one thing can change a whole lot
of things in your life.
Let’s say..
You hit the gym to look good for yourself, get your body sorted, put some muscle
on and you don’t have to have lots of it either.
That one thing takes work as it has it’s own science, knowledge, skill, routine and
so trying to change lots of things in your life can be a bit much.
So you focus more on this one thing.
But imagine one year from now.
1. You look good
2. You look healthy
3. You’re skin looks better
4. You have more energy
5. You put clothes on and you look damn ﬁne
6. It helps with your look and sexual appeal
7. It increases your perceived value
8. Yes, people will now behave diﬀerently and see you diferent
9. Including women/men.
Just this one change and I was able to be invited to amazing sex parties to meet
women who desired same as I did without all then hassle and drama.
Just this one change increased chances to attract women and results skyrocket.
Just this one change I felt good about myself and my self esteem increased.
Now, what one thing you want to focus on for a year?
Is it a skill?
One skill that can open doors for you in an industry.
Because that one thing can change a lot of things in your life if you are consistent,
if you make it a priority and keep doing it for a year.

You will ﬁnd like I did, my habit was now sorted to keep doing it and reaping the
rewards by just sorting one thing out.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

How would I win an argument against a creationist who says
the theory of evolution is wrong because there are many
missing links in fossils?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh that is an easy one mate..
Guy - I heard you believe that blah blah. My opinion is..
Me - Do you like MicVities Biscuits?
Guy - Huh? Well, erm, yeah I suppose so. Anyway I was..
Me - But don’t you think if you dunk them in tea it taste better
Guy - As I was saying about the fossil and..
Me - Oh wait. Have you tried these (shoved it in his face) Chocolate Truﬀels
Guy - ???
Me - Go on. Try them. They are awesome man.
Guy - (guy stuﬀs some chocolate Truﬀels)
Me - Now try it with tea. I got Yorkshire tea. Tetely. I got this from USA and this
one from India. And this….erm, don’t know where but it’s awesome TEA!
Guy - LOOK! WHAT I WANTED TO SAY IS..
Me - I know. The chocolate truﬀels are awesome aren’t they? Yeah, had to get
them cause my lover in USA, she says she likes them and they taste awesome,
they turn her on into a hot wild kitten in bed. Hey, had to get them when woman
says that to you. Got to sort it out. you know, create the mood ;)
Guy - ????
Me - Right then. It was great debating, discussing. Good talk man. Awesome.

In other words, you don’t bother.
I do this all the time when people want to argue about creation, this, that and all
kinds of stuﬀ. I just let it rip doing the above.
They give up soon enough.
You never win arguments. You only make someone else argue more and
personally, I can’t be assed with trying to change someone’s mind.
It’s just too much hard work and life, well, is hard enough as it is.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is Megan Fox so popular?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Brieﬂy..she has the genetic look and with help of being cast in movies and lots of
money and channels for marketing…it’s sorted.
It looks like this…
Genetics + the Look + Sexual Appeal + Reach + Reputation = Popularity.
But to read more in detail….
1. Genetics and…
From teenage years she was already dancing singing. She already had the
look, beauty and attractive aesthetic look. She was taking dancing
lessons and rehearsals. She went further to add modelling classes to her

list at age 13.
Before she even left school, she won multiple awards for Modelling and
Talent. That got her to decide to drop out of school and move from where
she to Los Angeles and a couple years later to California aged 18.
I want to add more here but I will add it on other parts as it’s important
to show the key points..
2. The Look.
She has which society has been conditioned with what looks hot. It is a
look that can easily become popular with a little help. The look is not
enough to be nationally and internationally popular..
This is her in her teenage years and you can see she has the look. It’s
genetics. She has the features and beauty look mainstream looks for.

This is here years later…

3. She has the sexual appeal.
That means she has a style that is very clear. There is an identity of a “sexy bad
girl,” and a “rebel naughty girl image.” The identity is now set or what is known as
archetype.
You can see this with Lady Gaga in which record labels and marketing team
worked with her to project the rebel, non-conformist, to create choas to get the
attention of media and everyone else. Same goes for Miley Cyrus in which many
got sucked into the game complaining, sluring her but didn’t realise mainstream,
record labels plan was exactly that.
They knew exactly what they are doing to create controversy to get attention of
the masses. After all, if she was some nice pretty girl singing some songs which
she did, no one gave a damn until they changed tactic to the archetype of the
rebel type of girl and in an extreme way.
Megan Fox identity is not as loud as Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus but more for
modelling and acting career on the screen.
Sexual appeal sorted….

But that is just not enough.
4. Reach
Without reach no one will really know you. It’s like having a website and no traﬃc
is coming in because you’re not out there to attract attention, traﬃc or the
targeted audience to the website.
Same here.
She had to have reach to get the RIGHT people to notice her.
Megan Fox lands her ﬁrst break due to the Modelling and Talent awards to cast as
a bratty heiress in the 2001 Olsen twins comedy ﬁlm, Holiday in the Sun.
The reach to the masses goes further as she appeared in guest-spot television
roles. Her next break is when she appeared in the Swedish-produced soap opera,
Ocean Ave. That was in 2002.
In the same year, she appeared in a guest-starring role on the WB network show
What I Like About You, starring Amanda Bynes.

She also made appearance in the CBS hit comedy Two and a Half Men andshortlived WB sitcom, The Help. She on the ABC sitcom Hope & Faith, and won the
Young Artists Award nomination in 2005.
She won the role as Carla Santi, a rival of Lindsay Lohan's character, in
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen.
As you can see, she was putting herself out there and didn’t wait around. The
more she did that, the more the masses and also the…right…people…noticed her.
It’s not enough having people noticing you.
It has to be the right people.
Her big break….she appeared in the Movie Tranformers and in the Seqeual.
Now she has expanded her reach globally and to the masses. With tons of money
behind the movie and the mainstream media and also more awards, to acting in
other movies, the next phase begins…
5. Reputation
From the Transformers Movie and because of her look and her sexual appeal
combined with tons of money with getting the movie out there, she grew in
popularity.
Genetics + the Look + Sexual Appeal + Reach + Reputation = Popularity.
56k Views · View Upvoters

Would you rather date someone who is ugly but has a beautiful
body or someone who is pretty but has an ugly body?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Neither.
It’s not like we haven’t got a planet full of women where a guy with his head
screwed right and isn’t outcome dependant can’t date to whatever criteria he is
looking for without compromising anything.
Yes. I know it’s a hypothetical question but you sent this to a guy who is a rebel, a
lover, someone who always has his middle ﬁnger at much of the dating fallacies
and norms. Someone who doesn’t follow set rules regarding dating.
So it’s neither for me.
I’ll date without compromising what I am looking for.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Isobel Smith

Why does he only send one or two word replies like "lol" " thats
cool" and then an emoji at the end?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. He’s not that interested in you. If he was, well, he’ll do more than that
but then again…
2. You haven’t haven’t made it clear you’re interested in him. I don’t mean
hints, signals and “here’s my number.” I mean saying to guy you’re into
him.
3. He probably is interested but fears rejection
4. He’s probably a teenager, in school. That doesn’t mean all teenagers suck
at conversation but majority of guys do.

That’s going to happen when you don’t make your intent clear. You always ﬁnd
yourself feeling helpless instead of powerful.
It always sucks for people who are…passive-aggressive.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with men trying to hit on your girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 15, 2017 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have this problem a lot, and here’s how I deal with it.
If I am at the night club or wedding, or whatever social event with my girl,
1. Have my drink ready
2. Buy me a packet of crisp or something to munch on.
3. And then watch my lover dance, shake her sexy ass, tight ﬁt body,
swaying away as guys jaws drop. Breast busting from the seams.
4. When I see more guys approaching, they usually muscle guys so….I lean
back, arms relaxed and chill.
I know it’s going to be great show.
That’s really it.
I focus on myself and this relationship between me and my lover. At the end of
the day, lovers I am with choose to be with me for a reason. I understand that they
can easily go and date and be in a relationship with someone else, but haven’t.
They can have muscles and ferraris for all I care, but those qualities cannot
diminish my self worth. It sounds to me you are focusing your energy in the
wrong place.
Focus on the relationship and most of all, in your self esteem.
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would he say he is interested but doesn't try to set up
another date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Action speaks louder than words.
You know when women and men say, “love to meet you.” Even if they gave me
their number, even then I still think they are bullshit until they put their words
into action. That’s the only thing you need to believe in when it comes to dating.
Action not words, not hints, nothing but action.
Now when a woman says to me..
“I love to meet you again, how about wednesday or thursday?”
Then I’ll take her seriously.
This is the reason why I have lots of options. I don’t focus on one woman like you
are focusing on one guy, waiting for him especially when nothing is oﬃcial
between both of you.
He’s not your boyfriend, and so, why are you setting yourself up for failure, by
just having one guy when nothing is oﬃcial.

Because other women do it?
Other women who do it fail a lot with this process and waste a lot of time getting
frustrated by one guy when you don’t need to.
You needed to have other guys in line, you date others and the one who leads, the
one you’re attracted to and he is with you and takes action, is the one to focus on
the most.
At the moment….you only got one guy, who is not taking action. Weeks and even
months can go by doing it this way.
So don’t wait and don’t do what most women do.
Instead get on that dating site or whatever it is you’re using and get the men lined
up, and start meeting more. Avoid putting yourself in helpless situations that
frustrate you which is what social norm dating process does.
Don’t feel guilty about doing so either.
Also, when it comes to texting, use it to achieve a goal. Avoid texting back and
forth too much and instead polarize the guy to make a decision.
Suggest two diﬀerent dates and time,
“What are you doing on wednesday or thursday, 7pm? I was thinking we meet
again. No resturants or movies, just walk and talk.”
Or lead the texting as soon as you can to the phone and talk. It’s even much better
and then you can suggest when talking of meeting again.
Always move forward. It’s not desperate. It’s only desperate for the wrong guy
who is not into you. I don’t worry about desperate, too easy and all most worry
about. I’m a go getter and I want to move forward.
Don’t wait for this guy no matter what. He can stay there in the distance while
you get on whatever you use and attract more men.
Or it will be very slow and frustrating for you.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

When will girls begin to notice the nice guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Got your ﬁnger ready pressed on - Print?
Awesome then here it is..
1. I will avoid doing and saying things to girls to get their validation
2. I will avoid being afraid of saying and doing something because the girls
will dissapprove.
3. I will avoid being afraid to rock the boat because I fear rejection and
getting laid.
4. I will avoid being afraid of my ﬂaws and making mistakes in front of
girls.
5. I will avoid being afraid of getting a girl mad and have an opinion, and if
she don’t like my opinion, no problem but it is my opinion. End of.
6. I will avoid believing the key to attracting girl is nice and making nice as
the agenda of attracting a girl

7. I will avoid repressing my feelings and being passive-aggresive. If a girl
pisses me oﬀ, I’m going to say “listen you’re out of line, either respect my
boundaries or leave.” Or I leave and no more time with me.
8. I will avoid in believing in the fantasy that I can solve all the girls
problems. They can go and hire a therapist. They have mums, dads,
friends and counsellors to do that. I’m not their emotional tampon and
so, from this day forward, no more being an emotional support to
impress.
9. I will avoid sitting for one second with a girl who tries to tell me stories
about her ex, and who she had sex with and who is ﬂirting with her. I will
have boundaries and if she don’t respect them, bye, bye.
10. I will avoid believing that nothing can go wrong and when it goes wrong,
and when and if I get rejected when I approach immediately without
waiting for days and weeks, I will see it as part of life. That there are
times in life things go wrong and so, I am not perfect, life is not perfect,
no one is. So there is no approach that can be perfect. Just roll with it.
11. I will avoid putting girls ﬁrst before my needs, my life, my goals and my
purpose.
12. I will avoid believing that virtue is putting others before my own needs
which I probably learnt from my mum and hanging around lots of
women, when I needed to spend more time with men.
13. I will avoid making any girl as my emotional centre and just making her
happy when I am not happy, which leads me to become this guy in the
future, where I become a push over because all my life, energy and
tremendous focus is centred on a girlfriend and there’s no balance.
14. I will avoid hiding from conﬂict and instead approach a girl I am
attracted to because hiding under the radar with “being nice” without
her knowing that I desire her instantly, is dishonest.
15. I will avoid being secretive in that I hide my intent to seek approval
16. I will avoid from being a guy who is approval seeking and to bide my
time. That’s deception.
17. I will avoid hiding my opinion from girls due to fear of upsetting them,
18. I will avoid being manipulative and pretend I just want to be friends.
19. I will avoid being friends if she says no, just so I can change her mind
when I can move on….and…invest my time on approaching other girls.
There is no “the one.” There is only a girl who says, “yes.”
20. I will prioritise my needs ﬁrst before the girls.
21. I know what I want and so I will say what I want even if I fear rejection. I
will never feel helpless and powerless again!
22. I will avoid believing that everything has to be smooth, with the right
way, right words because I fear she will say no. If she says no, bye. I will
approach another girl and another, and another until I get a FUCK YES
from a girl I am attracted to.
23. I will avoid trying to control and just go and do it and let the chips fall
where they may.
24. I will avoid giving generously with unspoke strings attached i.e. to
impress a girl, for her to get close to me or I with her, to hope I get
between her legs. That way I am not giving so much for getting
something back, and when I don’t get what I want…I become resentful
by doing things indirectly, not being so nice, being unavailable,
pretending I forgot, being late on purpose, not following through, and

repeating the same damn mistake over again including….not having an
erection and climaxing too quickly because of my own ego, lack of
knowledge. I will prepare now, invest in knowledge now, in social skills
now and be ready.
25. I will avoid being addictive because of my own lack of proactiveness in
approaching girls and just getting on with it. Being addictive relieves
stress, alters my mood and I even need medication for my pain.
26. I will avoid bottling all this up like a pressure cooker, represing my anger,
hatred, despise at other guys and girls, and erupt at the most
unexpectated times. Since I bottle it all up, it has to come out sometime,
somewhere.
27. I will avoid thinking, talking and behaving like I am a helpless victim
and blame it on the girls or guys, or whoever.
28. I will avoid being afraid to say, “NO!” and “STOP!”
29. I will avoid this yearning of wanting to be liked so much and loved which
makes me behave in a manner which makes it diﬃcult for people to get
close to me.
30. I will avoid trying to ﬁx a girls problems and be on some quest, like some
white knight come to save the day to gain a girls or anyone’s approval
because it takes a lot of my time on putting someone else’s ﬁres out and
managing their bullshit. I got my own shit to sort out never mind solving
everyone else’s problems to seek validation.
31. I will avoid making excuses for being single because I know that I will
have problems in intimate relationships due to lack of experience,
neediness, lack of knowing what compatibility means and my passiveaggressive behaviour.
32. I will avoid apologising for my sexuality
33. I will love myself and have a strong centre of myself.
34. I will take responsibility in making my own needs are met
35. I will be clear, direct and express my feelings instantly to girls I am
attracted to and walk away if they say no, and approach someone else.
36. I will nurture, give without caretaking or problem solving, and hours of
phone/texting and meeting, and all the rest I used to do with girls to
impress to try to mpress and get into their pants.
37. From this day forward…I have set my boundaries and I am not afraid of
making sure girls know my boundaries
38. I am unafraid of conﬂict.
You Are Now Ready For the 3 Step Plan
1. Your look. Not what you think it is.
2. Your sexual appeal
3. Your style.
The 3 steps are written in more detail on my quora blog:
How To Be Above Average To Attract Women? by Adam Taha on UPDATES AND
QUESTIONS FOR THE GANG
28.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my life incomplete?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you was given life but it is your responsibility to make your life complete.
Life doesn’t care about whether you do so or not.
It only cares about reproduction and that is it.
If you feel unsatisﬁed then it’s on your head not life.
Life didn’t promise anything. It but gave life and the rest is up to you. Even the
universe knows this because it is continually expanding in that it knows the
responsibility for completeness is within itself.
Same with you.
Compeleteness lies within yourself.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Will Quora become a successful dating site?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They would have to start all over again, change strategy, marketing message and
the brand image.
Quora is now known as a site where people can ask questions and get answers. It
is known as such and to try and shift what it is known for, will only create
confusion for their targeted audience.
They will lose the trust and the consistency of what it is all about.
An example….
Imagine an actor who is only known for a certain type of roles. He or she is known
for this role for years. It is very diﬃcult then for many actors to move into other
genre of movies and roles because the audience knows them by that.
So movie producers will be reluctant to cast this person for certain movies.

This is the same in business as well.
You need to be sure from day one what your business is, who the target audience
is, your overall strategy and marketinng message. As well as the brand message
and meaning. That includes values.
Trust is a big factor in business and so, if you change the business into something
else to cater for everyone, then this is one way of failing real fast.
Now does that mean people do not connect on here privately, meet, date,
relationship, sex and marriage?
No.
I don’t need to tell everyone this is not a dating website.
1. School is not a dating place
2. College isn’t
3. University isn’t
4. Job work place isn’t
5. Library
6. Bookstores
7. Cafes

But I know many people here who have met their girlfriend in one of these places.
People connect anyway, no matter where, what platform, what business model
and what environment one is in.
You can see if you look on Quora people have connected, got engaged, got
married.
But in regards to Quora changing it’s strategy, it’s aim and direction - it be very
diﬃcult and it will create a lack of trust with their audience. It will feel like they
don’t know what they are doing.
It loses its…meaning.
It is far better to create another product/service outside of Quora.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some girls on online dating sites give you their number
even when you've given them yours already?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….
1. They want you to lead
2. They want you to text and call
3. They want you to take action
4. They want you to call so to avoid lable “too easy, slut, whore.”
5. They are nervous to make the call
6. They fear rejection
7. They want to see if you’re really interested
But also, a number isn’t a date and it’s best to call and screen women and see who
is seriously available and who isn’t because lots of women on dating websites are
on their for nothing more but attention seeking.
So call and move fast to avoid frustrations.
If she isn’t willing to meet and wants to talk more, screen them out.
They can talk and all that when you meet.
Avoid weeks of talking because you’re investing too much time when you need to
invest less.
645 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Parwon Kamei

How can I stop being like a friend to my boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not your boyfriend.
He doesn’t see you in that way. He has said how it is and no, it isn’t about
insecurity issues or committment issues. Women love to talk about how a guy
who says no to romantic and sexual relaionship has some issues.
Then we can say that about women who say no to guys and just want to be pals.
That all these women have issuess too.
It is not so.

He is not attracted to you in that way and you cannot make someone be attracted
to you in that way. He has set the boundaries.
And yes, he will probably date a woman along the way and so on.
You can’t lose him.
You never had him in the ﬁrst place.
How can you lose what you didn’t have in the ﬁrst place?
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop boring women?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Feb 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s because..
1. You are too slow and passive
2. You build comfort ﬁrst instead of attraction. Big mistake.
3. You do a month or two of talking..talking and it kills attraction
4. You think attraction is about talking a lot
5. You think attraction is about ﬁnding comonalities
6. You approach logically rather than emotional connect
7. You don’t make women’s body tingle and pussy wet with your
conversations
8. You don’t know how to arouse, to excite for women to imagine being with
you sexually and romantically is going to be an amazing experience
9. It becomes more an average platonic conversation
10. Women can get this talking and more talk from an abundance of guys.
They just need tits and ass and they get an abundace of men to…talk with
them.
You don’t talk with women you desire.
You turn their pussy wet, their body tingling, their imagination on ﬁre to desire to
be with you in a romantic and sexual way.
That doesn’t happen by behaving in a passive-aggressive way.
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that people who say that they don’t care actually care a
lot?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends who says it but the phrase is misunderstood by many.
Like this phrase...
“I don’t give a fuck.”
It means that they take their life seriously, than spend time focusing on people
who don’t give a fuck and care about them anyway. That they don’t fear social
pressure and so they even don’t think about “we don’t care,” but rather focus
more on what they…want…to…do.
That’s what don’t give a fuck really is.
You just do what you want to do.

I live these words.
It means I focus on my life, take my life seriously enough to not even care about
not giving a fuck about what people, women, society thinks about what I am
doing, writing, saying, and living.
To such I don’t even focus on not giving a fuck because I am so focused on what I
want to do. Too busy and focused on that.
It doesn’t mean they don’t care because they do care about the ones they love. It
doesn’t mean we are not self aware.
It only means they know the psychological games people play, men and women,
no matter who or where, but they don’t react.
Example…

Another example…

So I am self aware but I take my life seriously to just do what I want to do.
I know who I am. No one knows more about who I am than me. I know the
psychological transactional games people play and it’s all for attention and to
distract. It’s all to make one to feel important.
I ignore.
They can learn from their own actions or not. Their life.
I am self aware.
I do not react.
I respond by keeping my feet on the ground and focus on what matters most.
I have empathy for people but I also don’t give a damn what people’s opinion is of
me or of what I do.
I do care about not misleading. I do care about not hurting anyone. I do care
about struggles and suﬀering around the world. I do care about when someone
feels they are losers and want them to see they got the idea of losing and winning

upside down. I do care about my lovers and they feel loved, comfortable and they
feel safe.
I do care about hygiene, striving also to look my best, wearing clothes that reveals
my conﬁdence in me. Look after my body, eat good and train hard in the gym.
I do care about achieving goals.
I do care about inspiring others to just go for it.
If I see someone in street fallen, I do care to help. If I see someone struggle before
me, I do care to assist.
I do care about a lot of things and people but…
I don’t let social pressure and opinions of people, or how many think this or that,
prevent me taking my life and my values seriously.
I don’t let such events or opinions distract me from my purpose in life.
That’s what “I don’t give a fuck” means to me.
It doesn’t mean I don’t feel hurt, pain, love, loneliness or anger. It doesn’t mean I
don’t and struggle, and battle within myself.
It means, I am self aware about my emotions and world around me to avoid
letting it pull me into it’s bullshit.
9.3k Views · View Upvoters

"All men are same". Is it true?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She uses that quote because..she is playing psychological transactional game on
you. It is the script in her mind. She thought this long before she ever met you
and has nothing to do with you in a sense of her belief system.
So she will..
1. Say or do something. This is her she starts the game. This is her role, her
social mask she wears she…decided..to play long before she met you.
This helps with her “make believe world,” to avoid looking at the real
problem/insecurities inside her. She is reinforcing the script by her
behaviour.
2. When she gets the results by pushing you with her games to behave in a
certain way or you say something, which she..EXPECTS you will say,she
will now say, “See! All men are the same.” This again reinforces the
script, her make believe world, her role, her social mask, her decision she
made when she was in past, a child.
3. Other experiences before she met you due to her own behaviour got
same results in which men behaved as she expected to behave, to self
sabotage her relationships, to then say “See! All men are the same.”
Give you an example what some women do with games..
Girlfriend - See how Joe is so sweet with his girlfriend
Boyfriend- He’s a wuss. Nothing else but that.
Girlfriend - You don’t treat me that way
Boyfriend- What you mean? We have been on holiday 4 times this yeat
Girlfriend - You mean are all the same. Always thinking about what you do for us
women.
See. The game. Now here’s how it is but the guy behaves diﬀerently

Girlfriend - You see how Joe so sweet with his girfrlend
Boyfriend- (saying nothing, getting a drink)
Girlfriend - I mean look at how he is a gentleman and..blah blah
Boyfriend- (Silent)
Gilfriend - You’re not saying anything
Boyfriend - Oh yes. You’re not happy with me, is that what you’re saying?
Girlfriend - I erm..
Boyfriend - If you’r not happy the way I treat you? Is that what you’re saying?
Girlfriend - Oh No. I didn’t mean that. I was just saying?
Boyfriend - Yes?
Gilfriend - Oh erm, nothing. I so love you blah blah blah blah blah
Same with you.
You’re script to rationalise you have no option but to stick with her due to some
fear of loss etc, is..
“I hate this drama…”
But then you add in your script…
“but I can’t leave her because it’s…complicated.”
Psychological games are also played on the self against the self too, to avoid pain,
avoid making tough decisions.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why would someone take a week to reject me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why many women give out their numbers and sometimes wrong
numbers. To avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness when face to face. So instead of
saying they are not interested, women just give out their number or a false
number just to get out of the situation.
So he probably did the same.
It can be anything really.
I always detach from then outcome because you will ﬁnd people are ﬁckle,
melodramatic, desire attention and validation, and so you’ll get that most people
just want to feel important, they got the touch still, or whatever to feel good about
themselves.
When they get the attention, they dissappear or they play hard to get, or they are
not as excited as before.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend is acting strange over a ﬁght we had a week back.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, that would do it. He doesn’t trust you. He has seen something about you he
thought he’d never see and this now impacts how he sees you, how he feels about
you and even about the future with you.
It may also cost you the relationship because if you said he has changed, well,
saying sorry no matter how many time wouldn’t do much good.
Actions speak louder than words.

Your behaviour was over a small thing, so he be thinking what would happen if it
was about something bigger, what would you do then?
The only way you can now ﬁx this, is stop saying your sorry and don’t let this
happen again. He is probably also thinking, maybe, of breaking up.
I don’t know him but if I get bullshit tantrums like that over nothing, I would
think twice as well of a future with such a woman.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

I have several female friends, but can't turn any of them into
my girlfriend. What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are doing too much rapport and not enough building attraction. That means
you are way too slow in your approach.
Look here..
“I have several FRIENDS..”
You just used a word that tells me you invested too much time, behaved in a
platonic safe manner due to fear of rejection.
You are too emotionally invested in the outcome.
When you do that you are being so passive,that you focus only in building……
comfort. You invest too much when you need to invest less. What is the point of
friendship when you want to show a diﬀerent vibe?
Many guys make this mistake..
Adam Taha's answer to Is she afraid or is she leading me on?
You call it rapport.
I call it building comfort.
It is death to attraction.
Complete, utter, death. You kill attraction as you continue to build comfort
because the process of a girls emotional language is not comfort ﬁrst. I don’t give
a shit what most girls, women say about..
“Oh I like a nice guy, polite, so gentleman.”
That is their way to protect their sexual reputation and image. Girls/women are
not going to say to world and even fearing of letting other girls know..
“I want a guy who turns me on, makes my heart race, body tingle, pussy wet, my
breasts swell, by nipples erect, so much so, I can’t stop thinking about him…”
They are never, going to say that, except if she is conﬁdent, have high self esteem
and she puts middle ﬁnger up on society, norms and following crowd.
Even then, they are cautious to not say it except if the guy shows he doesn’t give a
fuck, and behaves in a manner that makes them think they can behave that way
with him when alone together.
Avoid building comfort as the starting point.
The start is create attraction.
There is a process.

1. Attraction.
First you focus on building that. There are diﬀerent component and
process to this which I won’t go into. I haven’t time to teach this and I
only do so for clients who ﬁrst have to follow a process on doing drill
training to develop a way of thinking.
2. Qualiﬁcation.
She must show interest back. That she feels it’s not just sex you’re after
but feels you desire her for other qualities while still being playful. If this
doesn’t happen, it means there wasn’t any attraction in the ﬁrst place or
you didn’t create it.
3. Comfort.
This is the stage she gets to know you a little deeper and you get to know
her. It is also a process in which she feels comfortable to be intimate,
physically and sexually.
4. Seduction.
Just because comfort phase is on third step doesn’t mean you stop
comfort at sexual activity stage.
Look where comfort is.
It’s not even on second phase.
You’re killing attraction with the way you behave.
That is why you screw up and even then, there will be many others going on I
don’t see like your vibe, your sexual appeal, your conversation, how you approach
etc cetre but for now, see that you are focused on comfort rather than attraction.
You don’t build comfort until you have built attraction.
If you built comfort ﬁrst then what happens is you are behaving in a pattern that
girls already know and brought up with which is a BROTHER type of behaviour, a
SISTER, type of behaviour….
“Oh I don’t see you in that way but as a..friend.”
“You’re like a brother to me. You’re really nice, good person blah blah..”
In other words, you are an emotional tampon for these girls, stroking their egos,
passive-aggressive, too available, and just focused on comfort…comfort…
comfort.
The girls know this pattern.
You think a girl want to be romantic and sexual with a guy who reminds her at an
unconscious level as her…brother?
Be playful in the begining and push from your comfort zone. Don’t leave it too
late because you are fearing rejection so you think you get to be familiar to them
and then they will want to date you.
That’s Hollywood.
That’s romance novels.
That’s what weak men who got no balls approaching girls/women and so they just
focus on their social circle around them.
When I was at school I spent much of my time approaching girls outside the
school because I wanted to hone in my skill. .
I wouldn’t have grown if I stayed comfortable in social circle. Social close circle
takes a long time and it’s dangerous too. It can build comfort to such the women

get complacent and get used to the emotional support.
I’d have been like most guys in school, learnt nothing because it was too easy for
me to do and I don’t do too easy but hard to learn, grow, and be ready for the
world. I’d not been able to push through social pressure in the big wide world
when the the time came.
It’s why I was successful in school more than most guys because when I did
approach girls in school, or college, I had the killer instinct i.e. I could cut
through social pressure. I had emotional toughness and I was turning the heat on
instantly, playfully, sexually indirectly to later full force direct when were alone,
met face to face.
You built comfort instead of attraction.
By the time you even try, it’s too late.
Windows of escalation gone. That window is very short. It needs one to move
faster instead of being passive.
1. Approach
2. Be playful
3. Let her know you got standards, she needs to show interest too.
4. Escalate
5. Exchange numbers
6. Process of texting to keep building on attraction and keep qualifying
7. Meet up and escalate immediately, assume she is your girlfriend
From 1–5 takes me (if time is not an issue) 5–10 mins.
If time is an issue, 1– 2mins.
There are other factors too, in that sometimes a woman wants to walk with me
there and then, and so we go, checking some cafe out, or walk around city centre
and that’s when I kick oﬀ the romance, physical escalation while building
comfort and yes, we end up kissing.
That reduces ﬂakes.
Sometimes though due to logistic, time and all sorts, it doesn’t happen.
For now, just remember the following..
Build attraction ﬁrst not comfort, then go through the 7 steps I mentioned. You
will fuck up, you will fail, you will still ge rejections but as you get better, it gets
easier, and as you let go of the depending on the outcime, you will move faster
from rejections to be able approach other girl faster…to…get…a…FUCK YEAH!
You want a Yes or a No.
Any in between, is a no. Move on.
You don’t wait for days or weeks. Do the seven steps from 1–5 right there and
then. Learn to detach from the outcome.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tiago Cardoso

How can I say no to the guy who is having a crush on me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In other words..

“I have low self esteem. I don’t love myself. I don’t know where I am going and what I
want out of my life, never mind dating some guy I have known for 10 years…AND if
something goes wrong, belly up, then I will lose the emotional support, the attention
he has given me, the thrill of the chase, the vanilla manilla, the excitement where I
have someone on standby….if I do ﬁnd the guts to just…live..”
In your own words..

If you wait for things to be perfect, if you think that a time will come when you
suddenly realise....
“DING! I now…love myself,” you got it completely upside down.
That is up and down always.
That’s life.
That’s human nature, in which there are dark forces always in our life, where men
and a women will continously ﬁnd challenges, doubts about themselves,
uncertainty and up and down, up and down they go.
It never stops.
The lies they tell themselves everyday also never stops which is why loving
yourself is not a one stop. It’s a journey.
It is everlasting until you meet the grave.
It’s not something that happens and stays, it’s continous battle of the self due to
environment we live in, data, association, DNA changes just even by speaking to
someone and someone speaks to us and words ﬂow, thoughts penetrate and can
change one’s perception.
I am in my 40’s and I am saying what’s ahead.
There is…NOTHING ahead..
There is no promise land.
You are the promise land.
There is and has always been……the….moment.
NOW.
Today.
The present.
It is why it’s a gift.
You only have today. This second. This hour. Life has not promised you
tomorrow. People living like they will live forever.
Man comes a long or woman, and they prat about thinking they are going to live
forever.

I keep saying this to young women and men. You’re never ready. No one is. No
one. Stop living life like you’re going to live forever.
If you got a passion, Do it now.
If you want to write a book, do it now.
If you want to paint. Do the damn thing now.
Do it now because life does not promise you tomorrow. If you wake up the next
day, fantastic but it hasn’t promised us anything.
The experiences we have today makes the tomorrow.
Not tomorrow makes today.
Don’t bullshit life. It is far greater of a bullshitter than any of us.
The illusion of being ready?
No such thing.
Life happens whether you are ready or not…

3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with someone that places limits on things?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Feb 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It would go like this..
Bass player - you can’t really get gigs without playing covers.
Me - You know you have a point there. What do you suggest?
Bass Player - Maybe, you know, throw in a couple in begining for fun, get crowd
going?
Me - Ok hold on. Hey Joe get on drums for a bit, Dave sorted on guitar? Great.
Me - Right then, we need two covers but that makes women’s pussy wet and guys
go gorllia as well to warm up the crowd
Bass Player - sweet
Done.
If someone is in your band I won’t see it inteferring but rather feed back of a
member in the band. Ego aside, it is great to be known for your own music but
also, be a band that can also be fun too, get crowd going.
The idea of a band isn’t just music, it’s building solid relationship with each other
because you never know how long it will last anyway. Also if something does
happen, you need that solid trust, bond, and mutual respect that each member
feels they got a voice.
Not all ideas will be taken on but at least their voice is heard.
There is no harm in listening, seeing one’s point of view and having a go and if it
doesn’t work, at least the bass player sees it hasn’t worked and he/she feels
important, part of the band.
I am the lead of my band but I want every member to feel their voice heard to
such a level, they don’t even recognise I am leading the band and managing
everything. That doesn’t mean I let it go nuts. I still lead but I ensure Harmony
because the days of having a manager, well, it’s over. You have to then become
one and even better…a leader…a friend…someone who has empathy,
understanding in relationship management.

If you see it as inteferring then something is up because you are implying he is
not part of your band but an outsider.
If he is not part of the band, still be polite and just say..
You - Cheers, you might just got a point there
Then carry on doing whatever it is you’re doing.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

A grown man told my 17-year-old daughter that she “could
shatter a mirror." She's now constantly crying and extremely
upset. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 8, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t even need to be a grow man.
1. It can be a young guy
2. It can be another girl
3. It can her jealous friend
4. It can be a squirrel
The point is not that she is fragile and and all that.
The point is she like many teens didn’t grow up with values from a very young age
regarding what’s important because when you share these values, it doesn’t really
sink in.
You can share them, say it, try but it just don’t sink in until much later. I mean
until years later as an adult sometimes.
Even then it’s tough because you got so many at this age desperate, needy,
craving, and I mean totally obessessive about getting validaton, approval,
compliments and a sentence like that from anyone, no matter who it is and what
age…
Hits hard.
Can you imagine the hell most are going through when everything that wasn’t
easily available, accessible, seen, is now in your face…face 24/7?
1. Instagram
2. Facebook
3. Snap chat
4. What’sApp
5. on and on it goes
This is serious shit. You won’t believe the feelings most young girls go through,
even feeling of suicide because it’s all in their face.
Now we got young lads feeling the same too.
It’s not the parents fault. It’s no the girls fault. You know, she got to have thick
skin and all that like it’s her fault.
It’s no one’s fault.
It’s just the way society and everything else evolved.
People today, are so numb.

They got to ﬁnd that feeling and one way is to play psychological games to get a
response from someone but won’t try it on someone who knows their shit. They
won’t try it on someone who seems stronger.
You’re daughter was in the path and so that person just said it so someone feels
shit and he can feel something. He got his response.
He created the drama to get a feeling.
You see how people behave today?
If a woman or a man, hasn’t got fucking drama in their life, believe me, most just
cannot help but create it. They got to create the drama, the pain, the stress, the
sad story, the event and now…..they got that feel.
They got to make something important because it makes them fel important, and
so their emotions go up and down, depresed for a while, and you don’t see them
for a while until they wake up from it.
Well because the feeling is now gone but they’ll ﬁnd themselves making someone
else’s words, someone else’s behaviour, anything really to feel that shit feeling or
that power feeling, or whatever feeling they want at the expense of someone else
or their life being wasted.
So this guy did just that.
He went and took it on your daughter, a psychological transactional game, so he
gets a response, to make himself feel better.
And mostly everything, everything is built like that.
People moved like cattle and they move due to craving for a feeling.
She will be feeling terrible and he got his response.
It’s hell for young girls and guys of today.
They have more distractions about superiﬁcial stuﬀ than we had and not because
it wasn’t there but because of social media and all rest of technology. It is now
easier to share, easier to see what’s out there and so all that is in the world is now
reﬂected on the internet.
With a touch of a button, it’s in your face.
Only thing you can do is keep doing what you’re doing.
Keep loving her.
Keep reminding her she’s beautiful.
Keep reminding what is real and what isn’t
Keep doing what you do in reassuring her.
It may not seem it is making a diﬀerence but believe me, in time to come she is
going to look back and remember all those words, all the loving, support and
when she is having a hard time, she will remember what you said.
That it didn’t have anything really to do with her.
It’s just someone who had a bad day and wanted to make someone feel crap.
It’s worse when everything around people is about seeking validation, acceptance
and approval.
You got to be a warrior in this world today.
Seriously.

You got to be a Warrior who doesn’t give a fuck what anyone or society thinks of
you because if someone is hooked up like some addict on how their self is deﬁned
by how they look and what thet achieved and what they got… they are done.
They going to ﬁnd it’s a game you don’t win.
It’s designed for you to lose until you don’t give a shit what most give a damn
about. That type of attitude takes time to nurture.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy text a picture of himself to a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I don’t want to mean to him?”
What do you think you are doing then?
You’re being mean to him by not telling him you’re not interested. It looks like
he’s being lead on to believe you’re into him because you were showing interest
and doing all the cute things and now nothing.
You haven’t made it clear, verbally.
I know, “OOh no one is entitled to.”
True but think if you do not say to guys you’re not interested then you are part of
the problem today where girls are seen as immature, playing hard to get, doing all
the games and when guys can’t take a no, because they believe this shit.
You say you don’t want to be mean but really you are rationalising to avoid
conﬂict and awkwardiness.
It’s not enough to suddenly change behaviour.
You didn’t tell him you’re not interested.
You just changed behaviour into a friend and now, he will be thinking this is a
play hard to get type of girl and that all girls do this.
Tell the guy already you’re not interest. Be clear.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop being outcome dependent when I interact with
people, speciﬁcally women?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Updated Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A woman can go for a month without contacting you because she only have to
shake her ass and tits as she walks and she’ll have a dozen men around her
already.
But women cannot do that to a man who has options.
A man of options will love a woman unconditionally. If she even ﬂirts and has fun
in front of him with someone else, it won’t phaze him.
Doesn’t mean he doesn’t love her or attracted to her.
It means his reality is far greater than what most worry about, become abusive
and and what is going on. It’s not that he’s better than her. He loves her
unconditionally.
He doesn’t get upset if she talks to other men or has tons of friends as men. He is
the Natural man and..

He…has…options.
Here’s what men with options do..
If a woman ﬂakes. He has options.
If woman calls to say she is too tired to date. He has options.
If a woman is so busy with life, draman, family crisis. He has options.
If a woman says she doesn’t like sex anymore. He has options.
If a woman doesn’t text for a week/month, whatever. He has options.
If she doesn’t. He has options.
If she plays hard to get. He has options.
If she listens to her friends, mummy, daddy, religion. He has options.
If she’s an attention seeker. He has options.
If she isn’t ready for whatever reason, whether it is because she just got
out of a relationship, or her shoe is the wrong colour, or the family is in
chaos, or the world is about to go down, or the sky green, or pigs are
ﬂying. The same women who know this and yet still mess guys around
when they know, they won’t follow through…
He…has…options.
I have my lovers thanking me for having options.
There is no drama. There is no pressure. There is none of what they have gone
through with men they dated.
They feel happy that a man they love doesn’t go all nuts when they dissappear for
a week, a month, whatever. They will say their life just went crazy and they wish
they can give me what they so want to but can’t at moment.
They know I got options. I love them. It’s ﬁne.
Life happens. They need to sort whatever it is.
I am the calm while out there is a whole lot of mess, games, storms and just a lot
crazines but when with me, it is calm.
Like a river that’s still while the trees being pulled left and right from the wind
and brief storm.
When you are outcome dependant you are living, approaching women with
scarecity mode, dating women who are not your lovers, making friends with
people for nothing but approval, applying for jobs that don’t pay well, being in a
job you hate, servicing clients who you’d never have as clients if you have…
options.
But since you don’t and haven’t focused in creating options, you behave in a
passive manner.
Your mindset and behaviour is on scarcity mode:
“Will she like me?”
“Will she text me?”
“How do I impress her?”
“Do I wait for a day to call her or when?”
“Has she lost interest?”
That’s fear of loss. That’s scarecity.
That’s a man who is outcome dependent.

If a woman plays any game, waits, dissappears, whatever…she is not to blame.
She never is. She is a woman, a storm, emotions up and down..
“No problem,” he replies lovingly because he has options. She can take care of her
shit no matter how long it takes. He’s living life, got greater purpose and he has
options where he is seeing and having sex and relationships with other women.
When a company says to him, they got so many applicants, he is laughing. He has
applied to more than one company.
He has many interviews lined up.
He has options.
When friends says they can’t go out today. He’s ok. He’s got options.
When one prospect doesn’t like the price, he has other packages and if still the
prospect won’t take any of the oﬀers…he has many other paying clients.
He has options.
When a girl doesn’t show up. It’s ﬁne. He has options. He calls, another woman
says she loves to see him, he meets her and they have sex! He as options.
You see, when I am talking to a woman, dating, loving woman, they know one
thing. They know it so well. They know without a shadow of a doubt..
I have options.
I am competely outcoime independant..
That should then have every woman on this planet women running when they
know this. Right?
Wrong.
When you sit down with a woman and you got options, your behaviour will be so
diﬀerent, she will know she cannot…dangle…sex…like a carrot. She will see
without you pretending that you is a man she cannot play that game on you.
So you sit there and you don’t try to impress.
You’re going to lighten up and enjoy the conversation AND you give only one
hour because she isn’t your lover yet. No resturants. No movies. You sit on a
bench in park or walk.
She will feel the diﬀerence.
She will know you got it going on and if she behaves in a manner, with one step,
just game, one tactic, you will smile, and and pay for the drinks then say your
goodbye, and walk away.
Because…you…got…options.
Almost every woman who left me for some guy, or got married, later comes back.
You know why that happens?
Bcause of this..
“With the guys out there I can get away with anything but with you, I can’t get you
angry and you won’t take my bullshit. I can’t do anything I want with you and walk
all over you. I can with those guys…”
In other words…I am not the guy who says..
“Why won’t you call me for a week? What’s fucking going on? Who is the guy?”
“Yes baby, I will not see those friends of mine again.”

“I have text you and you haven’t replied for a month?”
So create options and do so for everything in your life when it comes to people,
speciﬁcally…women ;)
If you don’t learn the easy way, from reading this answer and many of my answers
to apply them in your life, you will learn the painful hard way.
I get hundreds after hundreds of messages where men realised what I have been
saying. Here’s one of the many hundreds….hot oﬀ the digital press..

Create options and don’t apologise for doing so.
Feel fresh and free.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers · Answer requested by Parwon Kamei

What is your philosophy about loving someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love. It begins with the self.
Far too many people start by looking for love when they haven’t sorted out their
own self esteem out. Loving yourself takes work and yes, there is a science to it
and there are spiritual laws.
For example, the ﬁrst law is the law of knowing and embracing your own
potential. It must come from within not attaching to external objects. In other
words, when you discover your own true nature, then from personal experience
you will ﬁnd you know who you are, you know yourself, you know your inﬁnite
potentiality and possibilites.
You discover your potential doesn’t rely on one factor such as the….look.
Your own potential, the possibilities, the inﬁnite possibilities is within your…Self.
The moment a person attaches their self worth, their potential on external object
such as approval, validation, to ﬁt in, their looks, the job, the wage, the car, the
house, mortgage then they are limiting themselves.
They become blind due to the fear of loss, abandonment, reject and a host of
other insecurities.
Because if an individual’s foundation of love or self worth is dependant on
external, then what if these objects, including women or man, friends leave,
dissappear, and you lose your job, your income, your popularity, and you don’t
get approved by a group, or whoever.
Then you think you haven’t got love.
Then you think you got to get the to have love, or seek love, or say to someone..
“I love you,” and doing it to get a response back, “I love you too,” rather than
saying it because you do love the person and it doesn’t matter if you get a
response or not.

When an individual attaches their self to objects then this is about fear. It is about
control. It is about the game in which you always lose and which many people
play but in the end, when alone, they know they don’t even love themselves.
It is now referring oneself to objects and this is now an individual wearing a social
mask and a social mask is only to cover up who a person really is. It is to perform,
to act, to hide, to be unauthentic and to always be inﬂuenced by external objects,
pulled left, right and centre.
It is oppposite to referring to your self.
Now it is object referring.
When I refer to my self, that love is in me already and I have the inﬁnite
potentiality like the universe, always expanding, and even if I give love I do not
lose love, and if someone leaves I do not lose value or a drop of my love either.
The second is, love is not enough. Love needs help. It needs an individual to
investin themselves with knowledge, specialized skills, social skills,
communication skills, relationship management skills, sexual communication
and sex skills. It also needs compatibility and mutual respect. It also needs
understanding each others emotional language and psychology.
Love needs help. It isn’t enough.
Infatuation is not a choice. It happens instantly.
Love is a choice. It is a rational decision. It is a decision that takes time to nurture
and make. It is you making the decision after infatuation has gone, after the
chemicals have died down and after his New Relationship feeling has gone.
The way an individual develops their own love from within, their self esteem and
conﬁdence which takes time, not instant, is the same with love.
I can’t believe the immaturity, well I can, when it comes to people with for
example long distance. They don’t get it yet who complain about long distance.
They are still in this seeking love out there mode.
They are still hungry for chemicals.
They are still hungry for this New Relationship feeling.
They are still haven’t learnt yet from the past relationships that end up boring,
end up shallow, end up superiﬁcial, stuck, confusing, abusive, end up with no
commnication in the end because they haven’t yet gone past this thing called
infatutation to then nurture it to become something real.
Something real doesn’t take a week, two weeks, and even 6 months. It takes time,
maturity, understanding what you got in your hands is very rare.
I don’t know how many times I have read questions where women say..
“I have this guy, he’s awesome, always listens to me, amazing, but……I found this
new guy who is exciting.”
Guranteed that will be the same year later.
Same with guys too.
They are in love with the chemicals. The New Relationship feeling rather than
love itself. When you love yourself, you understand what it takes because you
took the time worked to develop it.
It didn’t take instant click. It didn’t take a month. It took you a longer time span.
Maybe even years.

So when I love someone…the same wisdom applies.
I once wrote to my lover who was concerned she didn’t spend much time to write
lengthy to me.
I replied..
“My love for you is unconditional love.”
It’s not that I don’t care or don’t lover her. I love her deeply and I want her to
know I am the Natural man, follows the universal law in which I do not be
abusive, possessive, and jealous, and nor do I want to own her.
That I embrace all of her, ﬂaws and all as she embraces my faults and all.
You see, when you love yourself ﬁrst, you understand who you are and you don’t
refer yourself to objects. Your lover will be free from worry that you’re immature,
that you got to get a response.
There will be no need to possess someone, to see someone as your possession and
so, there is no room for heart to whisper and assume.
There will be no room for drama only love.
When you think love is something you seek out there and not inside you already,
you will see your lover as a possession…an object. You become possessive and
jealous takes place. You become insecure due to fearing loss.
You cannot lose what you don’t own.
A human being is not to be owned. A human being is to be loved and that is all
people can do - to love the person they are with for whatever time span that
someone is in their life.
Fear of loss is ego based.
It is to control.
First you love yourself. Avoid seeking love out there and think someone else
completes you. Rather, you are already complete and yet still learning to grow, to
build more love inside one self but you’re already complete.
And when you now love someone, it is not a prison for them but freedom. They
also grow. They also ﬁnd solitude in you. They also ﬁnd peace. They also ﬁnd
something so rare they haven’t found in most men/women….
Love and the meaning of what love is.
You let go of the expectations which burdens you and your lover, and instead you
but love your lover for who they are not what they look like.
The “look” will fade in a sense of you getting used to it and then there is
something else far greater to which you will always see your lover as beautiful,
like you met them only yesterday.
That’s love.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you understand how it feels to be misunderstood?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So there was this guy called Javid.
Javid doesn’t know who he is. He’s like most of the teenagers who don’t know
who they are. Not all teenagers give a shit about approval, validation and ﬁtting

in but some try and ﬁt in and learn all the rules of the Jungle.
Javid doesn’t know the meaning.
He hasn’t got one.
I mean, imagine, you’re being told what to do moment you’re are child. What to
eat, what to say, when to say it, where to go, what to wear, what time to go, what
you can’t achieve, what you can, what shouldn’t do and what you should, and
then you go to school and people telling you where to go, when to leave, where to
sit, how to sit, how long to sit, when to eat, when to go back to the class and which
class and what you must study, and if that’s not enough, you even get more work
when you go home.
Not only that, if you don’t pass the grades, you know…memorise shit not learn,
mememorise, well you’re done.
So Javid is confused.
He doesn’t know what, where, how, why and only thing he knows is look at the
crowd, and follow them.
Problem is, the crowd is broken down into diﬀerent small groups. Yes, these are
tribes. It’s the Jungle and in a Jungle there are diﬀerent tribes. They each group
wears diﬀerent styles, walk in a certain way, got their own territory, got their own
secret code, probably got their own handshake and lingo too.
And Javid is wonders..
“Do I join this group or that one? But if I join this group I’ll be judged as boring. If I
judge that group I’ll be judged as a player. If I join this group, the girls won’t like me.
If I Join this group on left, they guys won’t like me. Which group do I join?”
All this makes Javid very insecure because he thinks the only way for him to have
meaning is to desperately get approval from others to ﬁt in. He cares so much
what other people think about him than what he thinks about himself.
If he can ﬁt in, well, no one will see him boring.
But no matter what Javid does, even when he ﬁts in to this group, that group, and
other groups, he still feels insecure. He still feels lost.
He still feels scared.
He still feel like he’s got to do something to make himself feel better..
So what does he do?
He does what most do.
Javid learns what to follow the crowd and monkey see and monkey do.
He sees one group bullying other group. He sees another group belittle another
group. He sees one group isolate other groups. On and on it goes and so, he
follows because that’s what most people who are insecure do.
Girls hang out with pretty girls to make themselves feel pretty. Think that’s what
makes you be attractive.
Pretty girls have lots of not so pretty girls, to stand out and look even prettier.
You can’t make this shit up.
Javid did the same.
He learnt to play the psychological games what is known as Transations. You do
something to get a response from someone and that someone doesn’t realise the

person doing the game is really insecure.
That someone doesn’t realise that those who play that game feed their ego by
making someone believe they are boring, they are a nobody and if they can make
that person believe that, they got a deposit! They got a transaction.
So Javid like most teenagers look for someone who so want to be approved, so
wants attention, got to ﬁt in and that way this person will easily believe in this
bullshit. That he or she is boring. He or she is nobody. He or she has to conform or
they are just boring, not cool, not interested.
One day Javid and his mates sees someone they think they can get a response
from. You know, get a transation into their Ego Bank. If the person believes what
he and his mates say, then they got a…deposit! Transation made!
And who does he and his friends sees?
They see you.
He doesn’t pick on someone who is conﬁdent. No, someone conﬁdent won’t give
a shit. Someone conﬁdent doesn’t give a damn if they are boring or not boring, or
this or that. They don’t care. They know school is a small tiny bubble, a pond, not
even that. A puddle! Filled with lots of gold ﬁsh pretending to be sharks, whales
and drama, drama, oh the world will end, to feel important, to feel they got
meaning, but out there in the ocean, well, they don’t care how loud you shout or
how messy your life is. If you can’t perform, well, you are done.
Javid and his mates walk up to you and..
Javid - You’re boring
You - I..erm..
Javid - Isn’t he boring?
His Friends - Yeah he is. Never goes to parties, never does what we do, always
alone, boring. boring, boring.
Wait for it.
Is there going to be a Transaction?
Is going to be a deposit to their EGO?
Will you believe in the lie he is passing to you?
Javid sees your expression. His mates sees it too.
Aha! You believed in their lie!
Javid got his Transaction and now his ego got a pat and so his friends but really,
Javid knows, he’s insecure. He just pretends he knows something you don’t. His
friends are the same and they don’t realise when they participate with Javid, they
are deposit as well to his Ego. So their self esteem hits a high low too.
You walk home balling your eyes out,
“I hate life. I am boring and…”
There we go. You fell for the one of oldest trick in the book. You believed in the
lie.
Do I feel misunderstood?
Everyone does but most of blaze our own path not to be understood but rather to
live a life the way we want to live. Those who understand us wil and those who
won’t, may they ﬁnd their own meaning.
Because I found mine long nefore I entered school and it’s probably why I get laid
more often because boring for me, was my secret weapon. I am the storm before

the tornado. The thunder before the lighting.
That’s how you need to think.
Deﬁne yourself. I have.
My motto is..
“Look at where the crowd is going and head the opposite direction.”
If you’re smart you’d do the same.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 16-year-old girl that has never kissed anyone. What's
wrong with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I'm a 17-year-old girl who has never had a relationship, or even kissed a guy
before. Is there something wrong with me?

Yes, there is something wrong with you.
It’s that you think there might be something wrong with you because you never
been in a relationship and kissed a guy before.
Also, you probably read some fairytale or watched Hollywood/Bollywood Movies,
heard some friends weaving tails to you on how it happens, where the knight
appears and sweeps them oﬀ their feet.
That it magically happens by just standing and appear disinteresting to the guys
and that will do it, which it won’t, we all know it doesn’t.
Or you learnt from other girls, women, mummy, who haven’t the faintest idea,
and who said if you show hints, signals, maybe do the Indian smoke thing with
ambigious signals guys will get the message and run to date you.
The reason you think there is something wrong with you is you see others going
at it like rabbits. The only stories you probably hear is..
Girl - Oooh and he looked at me from a far, and I showed no interested and like a
white in shining armour, he came to me, in a dream too, then in reality and I saw
fairy dust, Peter Pan as well ﬂying about, and cupids throwing arrows, and he came
riding on a black steed horse and…asked…me out. That’s how it happened.
You - Really?
Girl - Yes! It will also happen that way for you too.
Maybe seen guys like myself, where when I was 14 years old, I was already having
sex with my teacher, and she was amazing too, in ﬁgure, looks and sexual
experience. Also, you might have seen guys the way I was when I was 15, 16 17,
dating girls, kissing, holding hands and knowing we have a good time in having
sex.
So you have this thing, idea in your head and so you focus on this thing, and
when you do, the brain makes it important to you.
It ﬁlters out everything else and all you see is what you focus on the most because
it’s what is in your mind most of the time.
All you see is everyone who has a girlfriend or boyfriend, but you never really see
the ones who don’t have a girlfriend or boyfriend.
And you think it’s due to your looks or maybe not.

But really, if we take all this out and get it down to one thing most girls, women
just don’t get and who ask these questions, we ﬁnd the answer.
1. You’re…unapproachable.
2. You fear rejection
3. Cleverly disguise itwith “I’m so shy. SHY I SAY! SHY!”
And your brain heard it enough times that it now says..
“Ok then. You are now shy. Let’s run the story scriptthat you are shy and now you
will behave shy for the rest of your life. Or until you change your mind but you sure
got some work to do if you try telling me the brain that you’re not because I won’t
believe you so easily…”
And so the script plays on as you behave in that manner to reinforce the belief
that you are…shy and no guy sees you, and you don’t understand why.
It avoids you to ask the most obvious questions.
So here they are..
1. Do I approach guys? No.
2. Do I smile, ﬂirt with guys? No
3. Do I take intiative and let a guy know I am attracted to him? No
4. Do I see someone I like but pretend I haven’t noticed? Yes
5. Do I see a guy I like but fear rejection and do nothing? Yes
6. Do I sit around and stand and avoid socialising with the guy I like and
avoid ﬂirting and let him know I am so into him? Yes
7. Does that mean I have made myself unapproachable? Yes
There we go, with years of experience in dating, psychology on girls/women and
also very good at making pizzas. I don’t know why I included the Pizza part into
the answer but I thought it wil give it some variety.
In fact, see a guy you like?
You - Yes.
Go right up to him and ask..
“Hey there, I just got a minute but I wanted to know, if you like Pizzas and what
type.”
Guy - Vegi Pizza?
You - Damn! If you said Mozarella, I would have asked you out. What a pity. What
if you were to add a certain topping on ths Vegi Pizza?
Guy - Erm, PINEAPPLE
Me - Ok done. Here’s my number. I like Pineapple with vegi too ;)
He won’t know what hit him.
Do that enough times and it will get you out of the comfort zone, and build
conﬁdence. It probably won’t get you a date except if the guy is conﬁdent and
ins’t some wuss and passive or shy.
But you sure will get conﬁdent to start engaging with guys.
19.6k Views · View Upvoters

Did I grope my girlfriend? A few days ago we were watching a
game with her parents. She had been rubbing my back and
chest, so I thought it okay to rub her stomach. She got startled,
claimed she was asleep, and after was scared.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget seeing it that she is lying. It doesn’t really explain or solve anything to
enrich your relationship with your girlfriend.
Understand women of all ages and you’ll see clearly what is going on. In my book
the Siren is a chapter that explains this part but I am still writing it, so I will share
anyway here so to help you with your relationship.
The ﬁrst is girls grow up in an environment to feel insecure about their sexuality.
They are always worried they’ll be judged, ostracised, ridiculed but most of all
rejected by the one they are attracted to and in relationship.
In one of the stories, I was naked, girl was naked, she was holding my dick, and
she says…
Her - Do you want to?
Now for a guy who doesn’t know what the hell is going on it will seem like she’s
gaming, she’s playing something or she’s completely oﬀ her head.
But no.
This is her insecurities kicking in and it means I didn’t build enough comfort to
let her know, she won’t get judged and labeled. This when I was really young back
then and had little experience/knowledge.
But what I said to her is..
Me - YES, I want to. You’re hot and I’m a wild fucking beast wanting you right now.
I took away the burden and took responsibility of HER sexuality because she
wouldn’t. She was afraid but I wasn’t. I learnt from experience and past mistakes
to know that much.
This time I said YES and..we had sex.
Guys also have their own challenges too.
This is one of them…
The lack of understanding how to behave as a man and avoiding being passive
and to make it comfortable for the girl.
She was brave.
Her heart was pounding in hope you won’t judge her. She was aroused, she
wanted you to be a man and seduce her, she wanted more but you didn’t do the
necessary steps for her to lead.
It made her feel uncomfortable.
You ﬁrst didn’t make her feel comfortable to know that she can be sexual, that she
can be the girl she desires from within, a natural woman who desires caressing,
touching, and she was doing all that to you. She was leading. She was telling you
in her behaviour what to do.
She wanted you to kiss her, caress her breasts, suckle her beasts, caress her in her
erogenous zones, and she was telling in hints
“BE A MAN AND GET ON WITH IT!”

But you didn’t.
You did the opposite and behaved passive, and went right to her stomache where
it is very close to her…pussy. You have yet to do the necessary steps to even go
there and you have not lead to show you’re sexual man but behaved as a young
lad who doesn’t know what he is doing.
This is why younger woman go for older men because we know how to connect at
a deep psychological, emotional, sexual way that also makes it romantic.
Romantic isn’t candles and all that. It is leading, turning up the heat, the tension
while at the same time she feels safe, comfortable and secure about herself.
Since you didn’t have the experience and didn’t know what to listen to, she then
did what is natural for her to do because she feared..
1. You might judge her for being too easy, a slut, whore.
2. You don’t ﬁnd her attractive
So what some girls do is they counter this fear by saying what she said. What you
need to do is not reply in a defensive way or point judgment.
She’s not saying you did something to make her uncomfortable.
She is saying you DIDN’T DO what needed to be done to help her…
feel..comfortable. Don’t listen to just words, understand what’s going on and you
will connect the dots so much easier.
She is saying, you made it diﬃcult for her because she had to lead, she had to take
your hand and put it on her breasts, and you went too fast, down to her stomach.
You didn’t kiss her earlobes, her neck, you didn’t build the sexual tension, you
didn’t take your time caressing her breasts, suckling her nipples.
Most of all..
You didn’t tell her she is beautiful, she is gorgeous and how you want to devour
every inch of her. You didn’t let her know she can be whoever she wants to be
with you because you didn’t behave in such manner.
You behaved passive. You didn’t do enough in building comfort, in speaking up,
saying how you love girls who are sexually conﬁdent and on and on, before even
being alone together so her mind is clear…whatever she does, it’s all ok because
you won’t judge her.
That’s what she means by being “uncomfortable,” and “half asleep,” because she
was worried about being judged, she felt you didn’t see her attractive but also, she
felt you just didn’t do enough to make her feel comfortable too.
So now what do you do?
1. Avoid confronting her and saying she is a liar.
2. This time you lead, by saying, “you know the other day, I LOVED IT! I
was so amazed by your sexual conﬁdence. Really, you don’t get many
girls conﬁdent but you, you’re conﬁdent, mature, and knew what you
was doing. I like that..about…you. “
3. Let her know she can be her natural self with you
4. Now, when you are with her before being alone, be playful, tease
sexually, stroke her face, hold her hand, tell her she’s gorgouse, be
sincere in your compliments on how she moves is mesmirising, etc cetre.
Look for things about her and say those things. Stroke her back as you sit
and walk, massage the back of her neck as you sit outside while talking
with her. Do lots of touching as you talk, her ﬁngers, her shoulders, the
back of her neck.

Touch her, she’s a touchy woman, notice how she was with you.
5. When alone…stay on top, not below her breasts. Take time in doing so.
Make her feel comfortable, talk and say how her curves are sexy, how you
love the ﬂowing of her hair, her lips, how she’s an amazing kisser, how
her ass is hot, etc cetre.
6. Do a lot of that and when alone, don’t go down to stomache and between
her legs. Instead start ﬁrst kissing her earlobes, her neck, tell her she’s
beautiful, stroke her hair, look deep into her eyes, compliment her eyes,
kiss her gently on forehead, work your way down to her eyelids, down to
her cheeks, her ears, her neck…now…to her lips…without slobbering all
over her, nice. Then work down to her breasts and caress and so forth.
Make her feel comfortable ﬁrst, massage her breasts, twirl your tongue,
suckle them, compliment by making moaning sounds and say they are
amazing and so forth.
You now lead.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend says he would choose beauty over brain. I prefer
people who would do the opposite. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes, just sometimes I wonder about people. I sometimes wonder how they
take their own perception and not think the obvious and start blasting away..
“Yeah, drop him! Dump his ass.”
You should be grinning from ear to ear.
Why?
He said he would choose beauty over brain.
Ok then. Who is dating him right now?
You are!
So what does that mean for you?
You got the brains and the beauty!
;)
So next time he says that, you say..
“Of course babes. You are RIGHT! That’s why you’re dating me. Brains and…
beauty!”
Then give him a cheeky wink and grin.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I want a man who can steal my heart. Where can I ﬁnd this
thief?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be careful what you wish for because men get tired of hearing most people
whining and crying over some guy who stole their heart to ﬁnd he walked away,
and never come back.

Then they are stumped into depression because they can’t forget the guy.
Last thing we need is another person blaming someone else with..
“Oh he/she used me for sex.”
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are some things I can do to keep our long distance
relationship strong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will share from experience, all my long distance relationship worked and grew
for years. Only one didn’t but that was way back when I was very young. The one
thing you need to appreciate though as I share some steps is I have more than one
lover and they all know. I am open, honest and they love that about me too.
The steps below will help you even monogamous relationships.
I also date women locally and I also say to my lovers who are long distance to do
the same. It helps a great deal when you want physical touch and gives you the
edge of patience, endurance and most of all gets rid of a lot of the stuﬀ most
people bring into long distance relationships.
But I’m just going to give one example with steps below on what helps maintain a
long distance relationships…
1. Compatibility
This is one of those factors a lot of people miss because they think love is
enough. One of the compatibility is I have a high sexual drive and so, my
lover is compatible with me because she too loves sex as well. We also see
the world in a similar way, believing in nature, in giving, art, music,
watching documentaries, and we click in a very big way.
When she ﬁrst connected with me online we began communication back
and forth and I knew I will fall in love with her. She also knows I am very
mature, conﬁdent and there is no drama. I’m independant, I don’t
pressure, wild and free, and she knows.
I wish she was here as she would give amazing advise that can help.
So compatibility was sorted from the very beginning.
2. Maturity.
Understanding that it’s going to be tough but it is tough even dating
locally too but with maturity for long distance you both need to accept
that if you don’t want to pressure each other, date people locally as well.
That is what I have done and have been open with my lover on this. We
accept it and that alone, helps a great deal. It’s not fairytale fantasy or
hollywood movie. We know the reality of life and so we have accepted to
date others locally as well. So discuss expectations.
I have gone through life, experienced many a things, been her world, she
is young but she is very mature, my equal.
One thing she knows is, she never have to worry like most people, on
how if she ﬁnds herself busy that I will pressure her or play some games,
or create drama on why she isn’t giving time to communicate.
I understand her world, I have already been there, and so I know what is

happening, what can happen, and so I understand. That way your lover
feels relaxed, she doesn’t feel guilty, she doesn’t feel she has to do this
and that to keep your attention. She knows she has a conﬁdent man, an
independant man, who is busy as well building his goals, dreams, and
making things happen to make things easier later on in the future.
3. Decide when you will meet
For example with my lover, we agreed to meet and though it’s a bit
further in time it doesn’t matter. However, I know that after that I will be
able to travel much more to see her.
The things I am doing, business, building business model for the future
and much more will provide a greater ﬁnance for me to see her often or
whenever we both decide. The ﬁrst time it be little longer but after that
she will see and experience that meeting each other more often won’t be
a problem.
So do decide together on a goal to meet and from then on, you can decide
other dates to meet. Have a goal together and be committed and don’t
make excuises anout long distance and all that. Most do but then again,
most haven’t the understanding, patience on what it takes for a
relationship to grow stronger and love to grow. They don’t get past
infatuation.
4. Communication
Consistent communication is important even if it’s once a week. If you
can both do once a day, fantastic but life sometimes happens. You don’t
see it in your lovers life and they don’t see it your world, which is why it
is important to be open, share what is happening, so she knows. And she
does the same so there is no assumptions.
Even then, because I love her and because I am patient and I understand
how life happens, it’s ﬁne. I like giving. I like communicating and letting
her know how I feel, and I love turning her on, making her feel alive and
knowing someone in the world gets her, and gets it and doesn’t play
games, pressurising, and just understands how it is in her life.
I have no fear of loss and that is what makes her happy. I am certainty,
and that makes her feel safe, secure, conﬁdent in her lover. She knows,
all I care about is that she is happy, and no matter what, I’ll still be
communicating, and she reads, and when she can take a breath, I will
hear from her. The same goes for me if I am busy and haven’t contacted
for a week. We understand each other really well.
You see? No drama.
I don’t write to get a response.
I don’t right to make her do some moves.
I do it because to make all the craziness just fades all around her and I
have the power to do so, with words alone, it’s not easy to do because it
takes a lot of time, eﬀort, imagination but most of all love, empathy,
understanding for your lover.
I know she appreciates and knows it takes committment. And I
appreciate when I hear from her too.
It takes also this….

5. Knowledge and Skills
If there is one factor that has contributed to success of long distance
relationshp it is this….knowing how to connect with your lover at a deep
emotional level. That doesn’t happen by luck.
It takes passion and the knowledge to do it.
It also comes from experience but you can learn a great deal in knowing
how to connect with your lover at a deep emotional and psycholoigical
level, not to manipulate but to express how you feel and to lead the
conversation for your lover to talk openly.
6. Commitment
Make a decision and not make long distance as some excuse or reason. I
never made distance an excuse and nor have my lovers.
I get if someone doesn’t love someone. I get lack of compatibility, but
reasons about distance is but for me, an excuse. Make a comittment and
don’t let insecurities get in the way.
Don’t let jealousy and possessivess rear it’s ugly head.
Focus on the relationship.
Maturity and Commitment plays a huge role after compatibility and
communication.
Maturity and Commitment is what most do not have and they come with
projecting lots of insecurities.
Long distance needs one to know themselves, know their self worth,
have high self esteem and the conﬁdence to show certainty to their lover
without creating drama.
Insecurities do a lot of that and I see it a lot of times in many questions
people ask about long distance relationships.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Can you give some sexual advice for a 20 yr old man?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Feb 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I’ve already answers the question in detal on my quora blog..
What Advise Can You Give To Young Men On Sex With Women by Adam Taha on
UPDATES AND QUESTIONS FOR THE GANG
Every woman is going to be diﬀerent but the one thing all women are same is
imagination. The mind follows the body.
Also a woman can orgasm multiple times and a man cums one and he can get
tired. So it’s best to pleasure her ﬁrst, knowing how to through communication
and then you or be fast bang..bang..and not really it’s just becomes ego.
You’ll learn a lot about the arousal stages, what happens, how to create sexual
tension and how to give oral for a woman to orgasm to even what happens to her
body when she is more aroused leading to orgasm.
Though there’s no images, you can see get a solid general and practical steps from
the answer…

What Advise Can You Give To Young Men On Sex With Women by Adam Taha on
UPDATES AND QUESTIONS FOR THE GANG
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys stop being your friend when they realise you
won’t sleep with them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they can.
They have a right to do whatever they want and women are not entitled for
anything. The way men hear that all time from women online and oﬄine.
Well there we go.
Because they can. They just walk. It’s very easy to do. I do all the time when
women start talking to think I will give them emotional support and I just put my
hand up in their face and say..
“No! Not interested. Go and talk to your girlfriends, mummy, daddy, and your
groupie nice guy friends. Not interested in hearing who gave you attention, who you
fucked last night, and if you had Spaghetti.”
And if she says..
“I got a boyfriend,”
I will reply, “and I got a gold ﬁsh, anything else you own?”
Then I get up and walk. Not every guy wants to have sex. Some of us just want to
chill but sometimes, it’s not the sex.
It’s this..
1. She’s boring and by that, when asked a question it’s one word not
connection, nothing. You know, it’s just nothing to talk about and so
guys drift away, become distant because she’s not really what expect as
company. Just dry.
2. Talks Negative
3. Talking down about other women and slut shaming men too.
4. On and on and on
So sometimes, it’s not about sex.
Now if the guys pretending being nice, trying to be friends but really want to get
between your legs, well, yeah, these are the guys to really watch out for.
But guys like me, you know the guys who take risks, who every woman expects us
to talk to a woman for 10 years until she makes her mind up but we don’t, and
then get called assholes, jerks, players…and how we see woman as numbers,
womanizers but really we take…risks…women don’t in these matter. We are very
easy to identify.
You don’t say Yes when we approach and show intent, we are gone.
We walk right up to you, show intent, be playful, and if a woman don’t show
intent, we walk away. You know, assholes, jerks, players, womanizers, because we
got self respect and a life, and options, and really don’t give a damn about what
someone’s opinion is about us.
We are very easy to identify. Very easy.

But the guys you’re on about, they like swim under your radar, and then wait…
wait..nice..nice…wait…desperate as hell to tap you.
If you want clarity, make sure every guy you are not attracted to, knows early on
that….
“Oooh you know you remind me of my brother. I see you like a brother, a
sister..”
:)
There we go. That means to guys..
“I will never sleep with you, ever.”
9.8k Views · View Upvoters

I found out that the guy I had a crush on has been sex-chatting
with other women on social media. How do I politely turn him
down?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

And what is he doing wrong?
You’re not his girlfriend. He’s doing nothing wrong but approaching other girls
and chatting to them, even if it’s sex chat. What’s the big deal?
You want him to apologise for being a sexual man the way girls pretend?
He’s a guy, that’s what guy’s do.
You are crush who never made a move, never told him you’re into him and now
he has asked you. If you cannot take that, that is what guys do, approaching other
girls then he’s not for you.
Find some nice guy, a loner, who pretends to be nice to get close to girls, who
doesn’t show intent, doesn’t show he’s sexually attracted to girls but gets jealous
when he sees the girl being chatting up by other guys.
You know how to turn a guy down.
You say “I am ﬂattered but I am not interested.”
Then avoid having this expections that guys are gods and guys do not approch
lots of girls because only bad guys do that.
No, only smart conﬁdent guys do that.
He will move on because he will have options.
You don’t. You cannot even bring yourself to say to a guy you liked him and then
expect a guy to behave like some nice guy loner. Or behave in way you expect
some guy to behave.
He doesn’t believe in crushing, pretending, hiding, watchng, spying. He
approaches girls, contacts them and behaves like he’s into them to ﬁnd the one
girl to date.
What do you girls expect guys do?
Wait for you to say something?
Guys can’t read minds. No matter what anyone says.
If you’re not interested in a conﬁdent guy who doesn’t fear social pressure and
goes for what he wants, then just say “I’m am ﬂattered but I’m not interested.”

He will move on and for sure, have plenty of girls wanting to date him anyway.
The world makes way for those who know what they want and goes for what they
want. He may not get the girl but he’ll attract a girl anyway.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I'm ugly looking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You haven’t asked her out so it’s not a rejection. You can’t expect girls at college
take a guy seriously if he’s not conﬁdent about himself, waiting around and
hoping she would give him attention.
It doesn’t work that way.
This is an interpersonal communication world and it needs conﬁdence and if a
guy doubts himself already and starts asking if he’s ugly, well you already lost
because winning isn’t about getting the girl.
Winning is about overcoming one’s own insecurities, their own demons, and
their fallacy that it’s just the look alone.
Those guys have conﬁdence, they did something to get that conﬁdence.
Conﬁdence is the capability of a skill and when you do it often enough you get
conﬁdence because it becomes a skill you know you’re proﬁcient at it.
Self esteem is where one sees their self worth in the world they live in as human
being. It is how they perceive themselves in the world they are in and how they
perceive their own self worth within themselves.
There are things you can do to make an average even better..
1. Hit the gym. 6 months with good diet and consistency not only will
make you look better than average but also increase your own self
esteem.
2. Grooming. Dress well. Get good at wearing clothes that suit you and
reﬂect your personality.
3. Get good sleep
4. read books on knowledge.
See 5…
5. Conversation skills. Invest knowledge and practice.
6. Social skills. Develop your social skills but interacting more
7. Hobbies. That is focused on your interest and meet lots people including
girls who like what you like.
8. Mindset - she’s one girl and you need to stop orbiting around her and
approach many girls to overcome your fear of rejection.
You will go through lots of rejection but ﬁnd later on, much of what you
thought that attracts girls are all in your head. Yes, looks matter but there
are plenty of girls that look for much more.
Even with looks, that will attract but it doesn’t necessary mean it will
work for relationship because relationships need other values that goes
beyond perceived value.
Mindset to avoid comparing yourself with other people and this need for

validation from other people. You want something, go and do something
about it. It’s not going to do it for you. That includes girls. You want to
know YES or NO, then approach and if rejection, learn to move on faster
and not whine about one girl.
Right now you are going to focus on building perceived value.
Things you can control.
Like hitting the gym to sort your body out, getting ﬁt, grooming, skin looks
cleaner, brighter, eating right, wearing clothes that ﬁt and make you feel good,
mindset and developing your skills for social interaction.
8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Vitaly Golubtsov

Why do I have dreams of kissing other men when I love my (for
now, long distance) boyfriend of 3 years?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is not known because women rarely share they have fantasies. You can be in a
relationship or not, and you will have sexual fantasies, to hardcore pounding, and
rape role plays and all kinds of fantasies.
It’s not uncommon but it is rare that women will say it because of how many are
brought up to feel ashamed, guilty about their sexuality, their desires, their
touching of their own body and genitals.
Even as a child, growing up girls and boys grow curious about nakedness, about
theirs and others genitals, in which there is masturabation, and it is only thought
guys do it more becausesg girls hide it, due to being insecure about it.
It can also mean at a deep unconscious level you have a yearning which is not
being satisﬁed, and if you it is, then communicate with your partner.
But when it comes to fantasies, about kissing men, or being kidnapped to some
place for a Masculine man or men gangbanging to all sorts, it’s not new.
A book to read…
Nancy Friday my Secret Garden - Women fantasies.
Women sent letters revealing their utmost deepest sexual fantasies and they are
either in relationships, some are married, some are boyfriend and girlﬁend and
Some are single women.
You’ll ﬁnd answers in the book because the women themselves say why they have
these fantasies even when in relationship.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I think I have feelings for a guy and I can’t stop thinking about
him after I rejected him. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The thing to do is..
1. Call him and just be honest. Don’t text. Talk on phone or face to face. It’s
much more sincere.
2. Let him know that it was nerves and you got so emotional, your mind
just went on autopolite and you said no, when you meant to say yes.
3. That you never…play…games. It is becuse of your emotions.
4. Then suggest to meet and say “and I wanted to really say YES.”

That’s what going out with a guy is about. Seeing if you got chemistry and see
how it goes. It’s always best to not decide no but ﬂow with it without giving
expectations and that way you at least know for sure.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Does deleting comments you disagree with mean you admit to
losing?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Feb 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you even know what winning and losing is?
Winning isn’t about giving attention to people who want to debate and whine
about why someone disabled their comments and deletes messages… like they
are entitled. Winning and losing most know is from social conditioning.
That is why most complain why people disable comment and why delete. They
are following social norms that has made people feel entitled.
You got free speech but don’t ever think you are free to tell someone you are
entitled to give an opinion. They can delete, block and disable.
Not everyone cares or worries about losing votes, and validation?
Not everyone got this image they so want to uphold.
This is winning..
Winning = a human being, who strives to learn and overcomes their own
demons, learning about who they are, their own mind, habits, and growing
within themselves to detatch…(wait for it now)….from external validation, from
seeking approval, from trying to ﬁt in as this is what social norm bullshit is about.
To not fear o live by their own terms and detaches from living by other people’s
expections. He/she understands they are not entitled to give opinions, debate
with someone else and if that someone deletes, blocks, disables comment, they
got every right to.
Losing = is someone who avoids developing themselves, who ﬁnds themselves
afraid to live by their own terms, and who yearn and craves attention from others,
who thinks they are entitled to date someone, to love someone, to be in
someone’s life and thinks they are entitled to give opinions, entitled to debate.
Who see debating, commenting to see who can argue better because it is about
winning some argument.
In other words, that is why most of us disable comment.
Far too many people got this mentality of it being some game, to win a debate, for
attenton, to prove something to themselves like it has some meaning because
probably in their life….no one cares what they got to say.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why would your boyfriend want you to wear sweats to a party
and not cute casual clothes?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I see that from comment you have an atheletic body but also your photo, if that’s
your photo of your face….then bingo!
That tells me it all, right there. He is insecure. This is his problem not yours.
You’re an attractive woman just by your face, in a sense of the appearance. I don’t
know you from the inside as a woman but in appearance, you’re attractive.

1. He is scared that other guys will be attracted to you.
2. You got yourself a jealous and a controlling boyfriend.
That means, he’s doing other things as well.
Critizing your ﬁgure
Critizing your weight
Critizing what you eat
If you are with a guy who is doing this then you need to think really carefully
about your own mental state. You’re an athelete and you know how important
your mind is because from your mind…the body follows. Your mind and whateve
thoughts, negative, will play a part in your life.
Hence, your enviroment and who you associate with is crucial to your success in
life. If your environment is toxic it will impact you mentally and even later,
physically.
Thoughts are very powerful because you sow a thought, you sow an action, you
sow an action and it becomes a habit.
Hence your character and your fate.
I don’t tell my lovers what to wear and they are extremely attractive and have
great ﬁgures, and some are also curvy.
They wear tight clothes and show oﬀ their curves. Some wear cute casual clothes
as well. Depends really on their mood not..my..mood.
You need to sit him down and talk calmly and set boundaries. You shouldn’t be
hiding because of his insecurities.
If it comes to it, he continues and even escalates, you might ﬁnd you need to
move on. It is the start of abuse, controlling.
It always starts that way and grows much bigger later on.
15.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Olivia Badami

My partner likes one of my close friends and is pursuing a
friendship. I think she should respect my friendships as I do
hers. Is this reasonable?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s abusive and controlling.
You’re friend can make friends with whoever she wants and to even try to make it
diﬃcult for her or tell her to choose, is to me someone who is being jealous and
possessive.
If the guy wants to be friends with her and even date her, you don’t behave in a
manner in which you get in between or try to make it diﬃcult for her.
That’s not a friend.
That’s someone being abusive and controlling.
You don’t do that to a friend. They are not anyone’s property, object and sure, I
understand the jealousy part, and fear of losing her, the fear of abanondment but
don’t do that to your friend.
Instead be the friend who is supportive, happy for her and let her make her own
decisions without her fearing losing you as a friend.

She will grow to resent you for that later on if you try anything.
Instead, you need to widen your net and make tons of friends because no matter
how you see it, friends grow. Friends change values. Friends change their
perception and most of all, they will always grow to maybe ﬂy away, date others,
study abroad or in another city and moving on to live their life.
It’s part of life.
Make more friends and don’t be that person who controls but rather be happy for
their friends.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to tell a girl that you want to get to know her better?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why does it have to be you did wrong?
What is it with guys and girls, who think just because someone said they are not
interested, they did something wrong?
She’s not interested. That’s it.
There’s nothing wrong or right about it.
One is not entitled to know someone, to talk to someone, to even debate, or get to
know someone who says they are not wanting to and they have that right.
It’s a choice. She’s not interested.
That is really it, nothing else.
Like you want to impress her so she says - yes? Forget that. Don’t impress. Just
say hi and if someone says they don’t want to, done, move on.
It’s not a big deal only if you think you are entitled for someone to say yes.
Just smile. You had balls to try and now, move on and try elsewhere.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Oguzhan

Whenever I get along with a girl who I like I get bored of her so
soon then start looking for another one. What's wrong with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason you are bored could be..
1. You like a girl but you’re being passive.
2. You expect her to make a move, she doesn’t
3. You fear rejection so you don’t really push out of your comfort zone
4. So you don’t really ﬁnd more about the girl herself
5. You get frustrated and then bored, and move on to someone else
6. Or it can be you haven’t yet found someone you’re really into
7. You have lowered your expectations so raise it
8. Or you’re looking for appearances, superﬁcial stuﬀ than deeper
Take time to think what it really is or look at the list above and see if one of them
stands out the most for you….then work at sorting it out.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys want a girl to wear their dress shirt?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, for starter, I don’t let women wear the shirt I have been wearing. Instead, I
say to them to take one from my set of clean shirts ;)
If they want to wear the shirt I am wearing, no problem but just in case, fresh
shirts there, ready to wear.
So guys, make sure you have shirts clean so she can just walk over and take one
and when she does that, it tells me one thing..
“I got laid and now it’s oﬃcial..”
Yes, I don’t date women. I date lovers. Now we can go to the cafe..in the morning
and maybe resturant in the evening:)
So let’s say it for what it is…
1. Ego - the guy got laid.

2. It’s sexy…

2. It’s hot…

3. That’s right….SEXY AND HOT!

14.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl tells you lies in order to be liked?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Relax and understand girls more.
Girls fear being judged as sluts, whores and too easy. Some haven’t grown to learn
how to show a guy they are interested in them. Most girls do things to impress.
Like girls hanging out with pretty girls because it will make them look pretty. So
she is following a script in her mind.
If you are dissappointed now, you will be much more when you see the big wide
world but instead of seeing it that way, see it she needs a guy who is conﬁdent,
who has empathy, and who can lead her to be herself.
Have empathy.
Don’t be harsh on her. She’s a friend.
Let her know you are interested in her if you are and you’d like to learn more
about her…for real. That’s when it all stops. If you’re not interested in her, then
just help her in a way she doesn’t feel she’s being judged.
Don’t do it by judging her, do it by showing that as a man you know her world. As
man you understand the fears she faces. You understand she might be judged
and you understand she has insecurities, and you’re a conﬁdent guy to then lead
and make it easier for her to express her true-self.
That’s the exciting part of friendship. Seeing your friend grow even though they
never really realise it was due to you.

Like this..
Me - Ok look. You got me curious but lets me and you put he games aside, as I want
to know a little more about you for real. Ok? No bullshit here and I won’t bullshit
you either. (Smile and say it playfully)
So I didn’t say she is lying.
I said, I understand why she does this. I understand her world. I am taking away
the burden, by showing her vulnerabiltiy, so she can relax and we can be
ourselves.
We are all not perfect mate. None of us are.
Be that man who educates in a way she can grow and learn. It may never happen
where you date each other but at least she learnt something from someone. Just
don’t spend too much time being an emotional tampon ﬁxing her life nor sit
around listening to her stories about guys and relationships.
Have boundaries and let her know politely. If she forgets, remind her again and
again. Even walk away with smile so she learns to grow and realises, with you, she
has to behave diﬀerently.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sarvar Olimov

My gf is really depressed and wants to change her self. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most women say a lot of things. They just want to share how they feel. Let her
talk, don’t advise and say you don’t want her to change.
She’s talking, she’s sharing how she feels, she’s sharing her emotions, be open in
her sharing it all and just listen, and when she’s done, don’t advise or say not to
change.
Just let her talk as she is sharing how she feels. She’ll ﬁnd her way and this is her
journey. It doesn’t mean that she is going to change her overall personality if she
does do something. Whatever she does, it is her life, it is her looking for meaning,
it is her sharing her feelings with you.
Far too many guys either brush it oﬀ and think a woman is talking too emotional
or cannot just relax and not take things like doom and gloom when they do share
their feelings. She’s being open with you, sharing how she feels, so let her just
speak and you be conﬁdent and just smile, hug her, and reassure her you are by
her side whatever she wants to do.
Sometimes, man is either trying to ﬁx things or trying to prevent things. This is
the Ego Parent state in which one is saying no, do not change, no I know what’s
best, no. She doesn’t need a parent, she doesn’t need a man being a problem
solver. She just wants her man to listen and be at her side with whatever self
development she is thinking about.
You haven’t really given much details on what change so I write then in this
context above. However, if all she is doing is just saying she wants to change, she
feels fed up, or she feels down, or she feels life is this, just listen.
From experience women talk and share their feelings and sometimes, that is all
they want to do. If she wants to do something, she will but just listen, don’t panic
and instead show conﬁdence as a man and as her lover.
Just know we haven’t much to go on so my answer is focused on very limited
information you gave. Either way, don’t panic, be conﬁdent, smile, listen,

reassure your beside her.
30 Views · View Upvoters

A close female friend has stopped speaking to me because I
slept with a girl she didn't like. Should I bother getting her back
in my life?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you are sure this is what is happening and you’re not just assuming, then don’t
get back to her. If she is like this now then she will be so in relationship.
I wouldn’t even bother. She is not entitled and nor are you her property, object to
own and possess.
If it is true in what you say in this is the reason, I would not bother.
She probably likes you and attracted to you, and didn’t say it. Or as you
mentioned, this is a bitter power struggle between her and another woman.
You don’t want drama in your life.
Just enjoy your life, carry on and do whatever you want.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Ladies, what goes through your mind when a guy invites you to
his place for movies and pizza?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t need women have an invite to a guys place for movies and pizza for
them to think the following..
1. Is he a player?
2. How do I know he’s not a player and into me instead?
3. He wants to use me?
4. Yes, he just wants me for sex
5. Why would any man aproach me just like that? For sex
It is always in mind. Social conditioning. You know. Guys are hunters. Men only
care about sex, Blah blah blah. Mummy shouting in their ears, friends giving
them the pet talk all these years about not being too easy and men just want sex.
And if he invites you home..oooh watch it. It’s sex.
Moment a guy even shows interest, and suddenly the script kicks in so fast you
won’t believe…
“He wants me for sex.”
“Does he want to use me?”
“How do I know he’s not a player?
753 Views · View Upvoters

What are some signs someone is playing hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I explain in my book calld The Sirens and haven’t ﬁnished yet but I can share
right now some details about this game.
Here’s what play hard to get is really about…

1. It ﬁrst gives..Hope.
You get a taste of what can happen. It can be just a mile, a touch from the
person, a glimpse of their naked ﬂesh, a ﬂirting glance and a smile, a few
words to ignite your imagination and the showing of ﬂesh. It leads to a
connection and all is going well, so it seems.
All is going so amazingly well and so the individual feels hope and their
imagination is ignited of what can happen.
Or it is you who approached to show you are interested.
But then something happens…
Like the Greek Mythology Story of the Sirens, they lure people who sail
through oceans to their doom. They use the illusion of sweet tonality of
the voice and they can conjure up images of appearance that works for
each person on that ship.
Then lead you to your doom.
In other words…
2. They create despair.
The moment you show interest, that they desire the person….they give
you hope but then……they ignore you.
They become cold and their response is very slow or completely ignoring
you which leaves a person confused, frustrated and in despair.
Like the Sirens who lure you into your doom; they would sing and they
would attract and lure people to steer their ships towards the rocky reefs.
Their ships crash and lives are lost.
Deeper and deeper you go, chasing the person and willing to do
whatever. Giving lots of time, phone, texting, trying to get their attention
and they begin to use you, play with you, but always….they avoid being
direct.
They always avoid being clear with you.
They never tell you directly they desire you. They avoid being straight
forward and always ambigious.
So if the person is also insecure, if they have ego about themselves, if
they are full of themselves then like Narcissus, they will ﬁnd nothing but
death i.e. a conclusion of pain, a conclusion of sorrow or in a relationship
in which they become passive and not themselves. They may even
attract abusers.
If ever there was a relationship then part of them in which has
boundaries has died. They have revealed to the one who plays hard to
get….their life is not that important. They have revealed they have no
boundaries or line that cannot cross. That they are so in need and
desperate for validation. They crave for the person to like them.
The one who plays hard to get also dies because within them are
insecurities and each time they play such a game is a pounding eﬀect to
subdue their trueself. Never really knowing who they are and follow
norms and rule and their own script that makes them feel low in self

esteem, fearful of rejection and disillusioned.
Moment the person stops chasing or when they attract the insecure and
even the manipulators like themselves….they whine how they were
betrayed and how men or women use them for sex, or just want them for
appearances, and so they reinforce their own script even more.
It is like another Greek Mythology in which tells tale of Narcissus. He was
proud in how he thought those who were infatuated by him and loved
him are unworthy of him. Nemesis noticed the behaviour with Narcissus
and attracted him to the pool.
When Narcissus saw his reﬂection in the water…he…fell…in love with it.
He did not realise it was just an image.
Unable to leave the pool, he continued to stare at his reﬂection
until….he….died.
Therefore, if an indivdual plays the game and if the other chases then
they feel at unconscious level of being unworthy and that they can do
much better by attracting honest, credible and people who are authentic.
Who do not fear showing their feelings and desire for someone they are
attracted to..and…talk about it openly with each other.
They also feel disdain for the other person due to the frustration it
creates, due to despair and due to the lack of honesty.
It is all but to reinforce the script playing in their mind and the beleif
that it’s really about selecting someone who is serious about them. That
is a cover up, an illusion to cover their own insecurities and
psychological make up.
They are not direct, honest, authentic with the person in saying they are
interested or not.
How do you know if someone’s playing hard to get?
You don’t need to know.
a) You have bondaries.
When you show intent that you’re interested in someone, show it clearly.
The other person needs to give a clear answer of Yes or No.
b) If there is no clear answer.
If the answer is ambigious, if it isn’t a Yes, no matter what else they say or
reasons they give….you walk away. You move on. You are not there to
impress but to connect.
You are not here to convince but to commnicate and know one another.
You are not here to play a game but to come to an understanding if there
is compatibility. To move forward or to move on.
That is how you stop the game by you not playing it. You don’t need to
exert emotions, time and thinking if it’s a game or not.
You know yourself. You know what your boundaries are and so, with the
Sirens, you cover your ears and sight.

You know your ego. How it can lead you to your own destruction. You are
not like Narcissus where you’re full of yourself. You are not like many
who are ill prepared for the appearances of the Sirens.
In this case, ignorance isn’t a virtue.
If they correct their behaviour, if they realise their fault quickly, then
ﬁne. We all make mistakes. We all got problems in our life. We all got
insecurities. They have realised.
But if they continue to be ambigious, you move on.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

Shall I not link my self-esteem to my sex abilities?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

99% of men?
Where’s the evidence of your study?
Because many of the men and including myself associate our self esteem with
our beliefs about ourselves.
So if you trying to put some guilt trip on men about sex, forget it. It won’t work
because we are not guilty about our sexuality and we talk about it like it’s the
most natural thing in the world. There is no shame in it nor guilt, and not does it
deﬁne our self worth because our self worth is much deeper.
If you’re sincere about it then…
It’s about what you think your value is in the world as a human being, It’s about
what you think about the type of person you are, the positive and also combining
the negative things about you and what..you expect in your futre.
If you have a high or healthy self esteem then the way you believe about yourself
will be positive. Sure, you may have some hard times in your life but you will
most of the time be able to rise up, deal with it without these events impacting
you in a negative way on a long-term basis.
You’re talking about conﬁdence not self esteem.
Yes, I’m conﬁdent in my sexuality, sex, and experienced at it but that’s
conﬁdence, actions, skill. Though it works hand in hand with self esteem in that I
am comfortable in my own skin, with sex, but self esteem didn’t come from that
as a core.
It came from how I value myself in the world I am in as a human beings.
It is the belief system I have, the attitude I have about me, how I see myself, how I
talk about myself and not the size of my dick.
For more on developing self esteem..
Adam Taha's answer to How do some people have an unshakable sense of selfesteem? How is it developed?
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is she afraid or is she leading me on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“She tells me that she is afraid of love..”

It is a message for you to know she is not interested in being romantically and
sexually involved with you.
You’re just a friend because you’re so easily accessible, too available and way in
the beginning it started oﬀ platomic, It was categorised way back.
It’s not attraction but comfort.
That’s what you did. You built comfort ﬁrst and not attraction…not exciting,
heart pounding, and pussy throbbing and wetness.
It’s comfort and always stayed that way.
So it has been emotional support, for attention, for validation, for seeking
comfort and for nothing more than friend.
Get busy, don’t spend time with her, even if she wants to be close again and use
your time wisely approaching other women but this time, if you are attracted to
these women…behave diﬀerently, as a lover not as a friend.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

What would you say to life if you met it?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I met life then I’d say..
Me - I ﬁgured it out
Life - Whatever!
Me - Seriously I ﬁgured it out
Life -Ok then, let’s have it
Me - You don’t owe me anything
Life - Ah I see. Good, you ﬁgured it out
Me - Yes but one more thing
Life - Yes?
Me - I don’t owe you a damn thing either
( I smile and walk away)
Life - Hey, come back here!
Me - (raising my middle ﬁnger) Whatever!
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What are your tricks to getting asked out by guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From a guy..
1. Don’t look at a guy and then turn away thinking that shows interest.
You’ll be single for a long time. Instead, look at the guy and smile, and
turn your full body towards him and walk a few steps towards him and
stay there, smile.
2. Brush your hair aside and keep smiling and move more steps.
3. Then some more.
4. Keep going
5. Now talk and tell him you think he’s cute, and you want to know who he
is and take it from there. Flirt, touch his arm, as you talk, and then ask
him out.

You do all that stuﬀ some women do, you better be a pop star, someone famous
because you’ll be standing there doing all those idiotic stuﬀ, and get nowhere.
Haven’t you noticed how many girls say they stare at guys, look down, blah blah
and nothing happens.
To then say “he looked at me, for 5 seconds and walked away. Is he interested in
me?”
That’s not seduction.
That’s plain and simply fear of rejection.
Seduction is a girl/woman who is sexually conﬁdent, knows she is worthy of any
guy, conﬁdently approaches, smiles and talks to guy, ﬂirts, and if he doesn’t ask
her out, she will.
Other stuﬀ, like looking and turning away is Cosmo stuﬀ, hollywood stuﬀ, movie
romance and novel stuﬀ. It don’t work well in the real world.
Plus, most guys fear rejection and so, if they don’t get clear, very clear, and I mean
absolutely clear intent from a girl, you can forget the guy approaching and asking
you out.
15.2k Views · View Upvoters

I didn't have sex with my bf since 5 days and I started to be
angry, depressed and I cry sometimes when I am alone. Am I
sex addict?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You could…
1. Masturbate. Enjoy pleasuring yourself. Learn about your body, enjoy
your sexual conﬁdence.
2. Find a boyfriend who is compatible. If you feel your high sexual then be
with a guy who is high sexual. I have sex 4 times a week. That doesn’t
mean I am a sexual addict. It means I am healthy sexual man. Plus due to
also training in gym, my sexual drive is even stronger and so I have more
than one lover.
3. You can also talk to your boyfriend and communicate your feelings
about wanting to be desired.
4. Spend some time on a passion and with enjoying the pleasure of
masturabtion, you will calm things down.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

I told my guy friend I liked him and he smiled saying he knew I
did. This happened a few days ago. So how do I know he likes
me back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You like him.
Sorry, not good enough. However you’re probably either at school or college. So
they do all that “like” and “hangout” word to play safe.
Then you wait…wait…wait and…nothing.
Guys hear that all time and usually by girls who want attention, who want to
attract some guy who got it, but then when they get the attention, they
dissappear.

Hence, if you say to a guy “I like,” well, you are also saying..”I like…you as..”
All together now..
“A FRIEND.”
I’m sure you like a lot of things. You like a drink? You like a car? You like that
dress? You like to go shopping? You like to hang out with..(oh the word
again)..friends. You like your friends.
Like = playing safe due to fear of rejection and avoiding to tell a guy you are
attracted to him and want to know if he feels the same.
Like.
Now you wait…wait…wait….wait…wait :)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My black girlfriend demands that I call her a dirty nigger and
dominate her in bed. I feel uncomfortable, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with you.
Nothing wrong with her.
You’re just both not compatible.
If you can talk to her to shift the fantasy to something else, and explain how it
makes you feel uncomfortable, great. However, I doubt that will happen because
she wants a dominate man and this is but the beginning and so, she will desire
other role plays which you won’t be able to satisfy her with.
She wants to be pounded and that is a sign of a man of power, a man of strength
and a man of Masculinity to her and many women. They don’t want ﬂuﬀ, she
don’t want kissy kissy, she don’t want morality, politics, history or slow but her
fantasy, the power pounding, thrusting, hard and deep with the language as well.
The reason is also deeper…
1. Sexual reputation and avoidance
It is common for women to feel guilty and ashamed about having intense
erotic fantasies and visions, from rape role playing, to being tied up and
kidnapped, to have a gang of men ravaging her body, to MFF, MMF,
MMM and therefore, when she asks the man to be a man who is more
forceful in his approach it relieves her of that shame, of that guilt she
carries with her.
2. Bonding
In doing so it makes the bond with her man stronger, because after all,
her man is not judging her and instead participates to show her she is
complete, she is not broken, she shouldn’t be ashamd, nor guilty. It
relieves the burdern because the fantasy is role played as a coerced
approach, with understanding it is a fantasy but it relieves her of the
burden she can feel in society as a whole.
3. Sexual Desirablity.
Common factor is woman has many fantasies in her mind in where she
has thoughts of being lusted for and furiously desired by Masculine Men,
wild beasts of men.
Think of Beauty and the beast. Think of wearwolves, to vampires, to
Pirates and Bad boys, Masculine strong men who will pin a woman to the

wall and ravage her body. Think power, strength, and who can command
without being apologetic about it.
Hence, the thoughts that swims in her mind is that she is irrestible, how
she is sexy, how she is hot, how she is desired, how she is unique, special
and just downright gorgeous that man can’t help themselves but go crazy
in ripping her close oﬀ, bend her down, pin her down, ravish her body for
her to feel herself pounded, hearing herself scream out of pleasure as her
ass cheeks slap and her body rocks while he pulls her hair back. To also
fantasy of double penetration while she is giving a blow job.
It is where the man of power has his way with the beautiful damnsel in
distress, ravaging her like a wild beast.
4. Sexual Openess with her lover
In knowing she can live any fantasy with her lover who won’t judge her,
who desires to satisfy her lovingly, willingly, without any judgement..…
where anything and everything can happen, from soft to hardcore, to
rape roles, to threesome, to gangbanging, to couple swopping… she can
be free and open with her lover like she cannot be with any man out
there.
Knowing full well, he will…keep…all….hidden…in discretion…out of
public knowledge and awareness, in the privacy and safety of their
bedroom or home.
Since you feel uncomfortable to role play her fantasy, she will grow closed with
you, she will feel you do not desire her, and she will feel she cannot be open with
you on other sexual fantasies.
I feel his relationship hasn’t been going long and the love isn’t really there.
Especially if she is talking to you in that way for not role playing her fantasy.
So there is nothing wrong with you.
Nothing wrong with her.
It’s a compatibility issue.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I still love my ex after 12 years of not being together and
I'm married now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is because you are not in love with your ex but rather in the emotions, in the
feelings, that is attached to the idea of your ex.
It is the idea of your ex, and this idea sparks oﬀ chemicals in making you feel
certain things and you also increase these emotions by fantasizing about her. It’s
then emotions and feelings connected to your ex that you are in love with not her.
You are craving more of that feeling, emotions, that comes from the idea of her.
The more you think of the idea, the more the emotions and feelings get stronger
but that’s all it is. Emotions, feelings that are attached to an idea of an ex.
12k Views · View Upvoters

Once a guy sees you as a friend, is it impossible to become
romantic?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on guy and it can be diﬃcult.
For me, no. I don’t touch my social circle because it is too close and also I don’t
want any drama. They are also too familiar, I see them nothing but like sisters, or
very close to ever want to date them.
Sure, they are attractive but I can’t see myself ever being romantically and
sexually attracted as the chemistry is not there, and well, they are friends.
I like that ﬁrst instant in which I don’t know the woman, and I got to know her
with intent to be romantic. If we are friends, no.
Just not for me. Can’t see myself doing it.
Some tried to be friends with me to get close and be in a relationship but I said
I’m not interested. When a woman is a friend with me, there will be no romance.
Far too close to home and just far too familiar for romance.
Attraction ﬁrst before comfort, not other way round.
I don’t follow the “friend ﬁrst as it’s better.” No, not for me it’s not.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if you had waited 34 years for love, and
suddenly you ﬁnd someone who loves you, but discover that
you were an escape for them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The story is the same. Then pattern is the same. It’s not a story of love and
unfortunately, if you also fall for this “soul mate” you’ll never grow and become
stronger, smarter and understand to avoid such women.
The story always pans out like this..
Guy meets girl. Girl is in a relationship.
She complains to this guy she is with is bad and how she is hurting. This is her
psychologically seducing you.
Moment a woman says talks about such issues, have let her know of the
boundaries. Like I do online…

It doesn’t stop them trying but then I say it or block them.
It is a psychological game in which she before she ever met you and her so called
boyfriend who supposedly used her, had a script in her head. That script is
reinforced by her behaviour and she intends to make it true, because it gives her
meaning.
That is why she dates the so called “bad boy,” and she will also go for nice guy too,
to reinforce her script of the HELPLESS PRINCESS.

In a book I am writing - THE SIRENS, I explain the diﬀerent types you meet, why
they do it, how they do it, and the psychology behind it. I haven’t ﬁnished it yet.
But still, let me share a glimpse…so you solve this problem or at least understand
what’s going on..
The helpless princess talks to the knight, sharing how she is being treated really
bad by a dark knight or ogre. So he then spends his time being with her, being her
therapist, giving her time, emotionally investing as she comes and uses him as an
emotional tampon.
When she does break up with the dark knight, the knight in shining armour
comes to the rescue, and helps her as she uses him. She has seen he is a push over
and she can use him. She dangles sex and she behaves as a helpless princess in
how she needs him so.
But then the drama increases in which the Damsel in distress runs away and tells
her knight in shining armour, how she wish she met him ﬁrst, it would have been
so diﬀerent, and how she is too good for him, how he can ﬁnd someone else.
It’s not over yet..
The seduction and psychological game is to give him hope but to also…take it
away for him to feel confused, and be in despair.
The chase begins in which the knight in shining armour pursues her, implores
her, supplicates to her, begs to her to come back. He becomes increasingly passive
-aggressive and though it frustrates him, he is sucked into the drama she creates,
dangling her body, her sex, and using drama. Increasing it and then rewards him
with sweet words and….
She comes back and now she knows she got him where she wants him.
He fears loss. He will do anything to get her to stay.
She can ask him for money or whatever, and he will give but never will he ever
have the romantic and sexual relationship.
Even with this, he doesn’t wake up and continues to give her money or wealth, or
time, or whatever she asked for.
Puzzled why she won’t love him. Confused why love is not enough.
“How can this be because I, the knight have given her my love totally.”
She continues to use him until he wises up but by that time, he is exhuasted, he is
probably depressed as he later learns she is dating another dark knight. She does
it to comtinue to reinforce the script in her mind and hook someone else in…
another nice guy, who will do the same, supplicate to her, give her emotional
support, become her emotional tampon, and bring him hope and later despair to
access his resources.
Solution if she is still accesing your resources, money, time…
Move on. Don’t give her anymore time, money or anything.
Love is not enough. Move on.
3k Views · View Upvoters

I met this girl 4 days ago. I can't stop thinking about her. What
is wrong with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing, whatsover is wrong with you.

Enjoy the feeling man, enjoy it because it’s one of the gifts in life. Imagine, you
don’t even have buy anything to have this feeling. It’s awesome.
Now, on being clingy and all that, I can help you to think of it like this.
1. Remove expectations.
I don’t mean to not think positive about what has happened or her.
Instead, don’t start building some massive Hollywood movie in your
head about it lead to dating, romance, sex, relationship, a house,
children, cats and dogs, and going to job and you both now happy family.
Relax about those things and don’t expect anything.
2. Don’t be passive
It’s not clingy to lead to meet up but also, don’t behave like some platonic
guy. Behave you’re into her and I cannot stress this enough, to not
behave like some friend and nor can I give step by step instructions.
There’s too much to learn and know. Just don’t be passive looking for
signals and hints, and instead lead. Text her something playful, fun, not
serious and then if response kicking oﬀ, lead to phone.
You don’t want to text for hours, or for days and weeks, months if she is
local. Instead your goal is to lead to meet face to face, and have romantic
fun. No resturants, no movies. Plenty of places to check out to walk and
talk, hold hands, kiss and smile, laugh etc.
3. Keep options open
Look. I don’t know how many times I got to say this to guys. This is one
girl. Things take time. Life gets in way. She might not be interested or
whatever the reason maybe but you do not want to focus on one girl
when nothing has happened to be exclusive. That takes time.
Therefore, you need to remove this clingyness by getting lots of
experience and approaching other girls, and keep doing so, because she
is not entitled for you to not do so, even if she is interested. You think
you’re the only one who has her number? You think she’s not looking as
well?
Get real and approach other girls as well, have options and screen, ﬁlter
and focus only on the girls who put eﬀort in. In time you know which one
to focus more on and focus on her.
Just don’t put yourself in a position to get frustrated and this idea of “the
one,”. Nothing has happened, no dating, no relationship, etc.
Have options.
So relax. Nothing is wrong with you. It’s emotions, feelings but be smart. Show
intent with her, show you’re attracted to her and lead to meet face to face.
But keep your options as things take time.
8.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over a guy I never dated but had a thing with and
that I liked?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Reminds me of this songs I wrote. Just one verse I’ll share..
It takes one of you to be brave say hello
It takes two people to do something about it

Don’t you know
It takes just a hello
Or you’ll never know
If he feels the same way as you do
Say hello
You don’t get over it. You learn from it or you will do the same mistake over again.
You see someone, know even if in front of you or even online, right here and now,
they can one day dissappear.
People take things for granted, see someone, think the person will always be
there, or be online, or be at that job, or be standing always at that same spot.
But then when the person is gone, it’s a missed connection.
Many if you see on many sites for missed connection, write how they saw
someone and did nothing, and then expect to ﬁnd them in this big wide world by
positng some free advert online for missed connection.
World is a big place. If you see someone, don’t hesitate and just say hello and at
least you ﬁnd out. At least you got a contact number or something to connect or it
becomes a missed connection.
It will always be in your mind not that strong, when you meet someone else, but
it will always be there on what it would have been like.
People always think the worse of themselves, self sabotage opportunity before
their eyes by doubting, by inaction or the wrong action.
Life is an adventure, you cab’t picture relationship and all that. Nothing is certain
and only thing is, if you are ready for an adventure to seize the moment to ﬁnd
out or not. You weren’t ready and so adventure is gone.
Maybe out of curiousity, ask someone there..
“YOu kow that guy, what was his name, can’t remember?”
Then if you know his name, ﬁnd him on facebook. Maybe he’s there and say hi
and explain you saw him at that place.
Then see how it goes.
Nothing else you can really do but that and if you can’t ﬁnd him, it’s a missed
connection as you didn’t…say hello, didn’t connect.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys think when a girl keep looking at them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Does she have a boyfriend lurking somewhere?
2. Is that her brother or her boyfriend?
3. Is she bisexual as I would love threesome?
4. I wonder if she got a great ass?
5. Has she got a rack, or no breasts?
6. I wonder if she can do the splits?
7. Is she submissive and wild in bed?
8. Would she love anal?
9. Does she like a man to go down on her?

10. Is she looking at me or someone else?
11. Should I walk over or not?
12. Should I walk over now?
13. What if I don’t make a move, would she walk over?
14. Is she a psycho?
15. What if she goes all crazy for talking to her?
16. What if she rejects me?
17. What if she rejects me in a big humilating way?
18. How come she looks and doesn’t say hi?
19. Does she like me?
20. Why can’t she make it easy for me by smiling and waving at me?
21. What..do..I..do..now?
22. Why does it have to be this diﬃcult?
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it justiﬁed for a man to break up with a woman because she
cut her hair very short and now "looks like a guy"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He doesn’t need to justify anything.
Do women justify when they are in relationship and then write a question on
quora on how they so love their boyfriend, such a nice guy, always listens BUT…
they fell for some co-worker, or some guy they met, or a close friend?
Men do not need to justify either.
It can be your hair, it can be what you said, it can be anything.
He probably was already waiting for an excuse, and he found it. People have a
script in their head, and so they wait for something to happen or create it, and
then decide it to be true. They reinforce it by their behaviour.
He is reinforcing his script..
“I’m not that into her, got to ﬁnd something I feel is wrong. Just anything.”
He found it. Your hair.
He’s only reinforcing the script that’s in his head. That script was there long
before you met him.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that men don't cry and women don't ask guys out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not true.
The ﬁrst one, about men crying….we cry but not in front of you. Like when my
mum died, I hid the tears and cried on my own when I was at home. Sometimes it
got to me so I walked somewhere else, away from people to be alone.
If it was a breakup years ago, I didn’t show anything. If I cried or felt pain, I hid it
until I was on my own.

If I going through pain my lovers will probably feel something but they won’t see
me crying in front of them.
I’d walk and be alone.
So men do cry but most don’t do it in front of other people. Probably because we
are condtioned with, “men don’t cry.”
As for women asking men out - well, it is rare. I do have time to time women do
that, but it is very rare. I do get many online doing that but face to face, rare.
It can happen if she is with friends and so she gets some help with
encouragement. Or she has had enough of the social norm rules. Or she’s behind
a computer screen because it is easy to dissappear as well.
Be great if many women do approach men. I have no problems with that and I
ﬁnd it an amazing quality when a woman does it. You know, instead of hints and
signals, and just go up to a guy, chat, converse, ﬂirt and ask him out.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Does it irritate you when someone says "I love you" very often?
[more than 4 times an hour]?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it’s a woman I love, no. She can say it 10 times an hour. I love it. So no, I know I
am awesome, I know I am worthy of love and I know woman won’t help saying it
often to me. So bring it on, 4 times an hour, 10 times, 20 times.
I don’t care, Lay it on me. I’ll lap it all up.
It won’t get on my nerves. It won’t be uncomfortable and it sure won’t be
something I’d be fed up with either.
And yes, I have been in this position and so I am not speaking like I don’t know
and experienced it. I experience it often.
It’s ﬁne by me.
I also hear it from my sisters often.
I hear it from my nieces who I visit and they get excited seeing me as they don’t
see me often so through week I get them running and saying it often.
My lovers can say as many times as they want, and I’ll lap it all up.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with a girl that wants to be my girlfriend but I'm
not interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People who are passive-aggressive do so because they fear facing conﬂict or
awkwardiness, or even get rejected. Some also fear loss.
You know the old excuse..
“But she/he is a friend and…”
Your situation is you don’t like conﬂict or you like the attention you get from her,
or you want her as some standby.
If not, the say “I’m ﬂattered but I’m not interested.”
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend said she doesn't mind if other people see her
naked. What does that say about her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First there is no such thing as slut, whore, too easy and rest of labels society has
been conditioned to use. Any who says so is deﬁning their own ignorance,
perception, reality and how far gone they have been societally programmed.
Your girlfriend is sexually conﬁdent and that means, she is comfortable in her
own skin, conﬁdent in herself and has high self esteem.
In other words, she’s healthy mind woman who hasn’t fallen for the labels, and
conditiioning that makes a person insecure about their sexuality and their body.
So no, she isn’t slut as that’s a label, an invention.
She’s a conﬁdent woman,
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I slept with a married man. What should I do now that he
stopped contacting me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I read some answers that you’ve been conned but I disagree. The most important
thing in anything is learning, isn’t it? Learning from our own life, our own
mistakes, failures, our challenges so we can grow.
But how can we ever grow if we deny ourselves the lesson in all it’s rawness?
There is a planet full of single men to lovers who will be clear where they are in
life but you went for the look.
It’s dangerous to do that.
No, not going on Tinder but going for the look. Many women got burnt due to
that mistake. Going for the look and when a person goes for the look, then what’s
coming is trouble.
Because the seed has been sown.
The look is lead by chemicals. The look is lead by powerful hormones, powerful
that you only see the Halo Eﬀect. You see all red ﬂags but you do not want to
believe in them and rationalise and take in whatever that person says.
That’s what I mean, you conned yourself and so, you hear only what you want,
see only what you want to see.
If you was willing to go ahead when he’s married, then anything else really
doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter what he said because the moment a person steps
over that line, no one cons anyone.
Especially when you have information he’s married.
I’m not talking morality here.
I’m talking about understanding yourself, being self aware, understanding what
is ahead of you, the obstacles, the situations, and realising the headache that
comes from it.
Even if it ever happened he would leave his wife it never ends well. To not let the
chemicals decide for you but something deeper.
Now you got some questions..

I’m just a bit confused about what i want or why he went silent all of a
sudden?
In Arrange Marriage, it is huge to a level that lots of people are interwined in it.
There is religion, there is culture, there is community, there is lots of people
connected together. There is shame and all kinds of things.
So the guy at worse has to face the lot of them, try and get a divource, leave and
never see his relatives, mum, dad, sisters, and commuunity area he lived in.
When you sent these text he is with relatives, he is with his wife, he cannot
answer. He is scared as well that it will look suspicious to his wife, relatives and if
someone reads his mobile phone.
So when these messages came ﬂying through, he knew, that he couldn’t really
hide you from everyone. So everytime you text it got him worried because what if
his wife got his phone one day and read the messages.
If that happened, it’s not just his relatives but the wife’s relative, the other
relatives and more, and more, and whole damn community is coming. It becomes
this big story ﬂying through community and that is what he feared.
It be like the end of the days. It’s like Judgment day has come upon the family if
suddenly any of his relatives ﬁnds out, and his wife. It becomes like a committee,
community getting involved. It’s like massive shame and he knows there’s a lot
more at stake than marriage.
For him to be on Tinder and married is telling as it is. I know some go for friends
but we know the drill here.
I feel like i have known forever and I miss him... stupidly enough ...
No, it’s not stupid. It’s how you feel. It’s your emotions. It’s what happens when
you’re infatuated and…it comes with lots of lessons, wisdoms, growth, and you
will learn so much more about yourself from the experience.
That’s the positive side.
If it didn’t happen, how would you ever know what feelings you get, the process,
the red ﬂags to look for, what boundaries you will now have?
How can you ever help someone else when your friends get into a pain and they
say how they felt, and they say it was so stupid?
You would know it’s not stupid. You’d know it happens in a certain way and why
it happens, and how you can help your friend too. Even if it’s just being there for
your friend and letting her talk and talk and talk because you know what you
know.
You can build on it as you move on.
In your desire and combined in your kindness, compassion, loving nature, you
saw the other side of it. If it didn’t happen, you’d never see that side and you’d
never grow. You’d never have wisdom like you will have now.
You’ll never appreciate when you know a man who is honest, who is direct with
clear intent and background. You’d never appreciate even when a man says who
they are and they are already dating diﬀerent women, having sex and they desire
you. You’d not appreciate that honesty and directness until now.
You’d not frown at it. You’d not cast it aside as desperate like most women do
when a man shows intent, clear, direct and reveals himself without hiding
anything because now you get why man must be direct and show clear picture of
where he is in life.
You now value it more than you ever have.

A man isn’t someone who can fuck a woman. A man isn’t someone who can
seduce a woman. A Man is one who is honest, authentic, credible at home and out
of his house, online and oﬄine, at work and not at work, with a woman or
without, with 6 women and without women. That’s a man.
He doesn’t hide a damn thing and says it to you, right there and then, and you
can take it or you can follow fairytale script.
Now, you will look beyond the appearance and calm those chemicals down.
Hence, the lesson life has brought to you.
Now chin up, head high, tomorrow is another day and the bright future is ahead
of you. You got a lot of living, achieving, and loving, and laughing yet to do. Also
crying, but hey, embrace the good and also hard times in life.
As one of the sketches I did and titled says….”life happens..”

It happened but now move on.
Don’t look back. Move forward.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

If I ask a girl out to eat, how do I know if she considers this a
friendly hang out or a date?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You played it safe. Why would you take a girl out to dinner?
You’re following social norms, because everyone does it, so you do it? That’s
scarceity mode and that is why men behave this way…
Fear of rejection. Fear of loss. Independant of the outcome.
I never take a woman out for dinner date to impress and ﬁnd out if she’s
interested. I only date lovers in that way.
The women I am attracted to, I show intent from day one. I need to know more
about her, and I am playful, fun, and sexualise indirectly in begining. I ﬁnd out
from the begining whether she feels same and if not, we are not moving forward.
One of the lessons guys need to learn is show intent in the begining and if it’s not
there from her side….then move on faster. Don’t convince, impress. She has
shown she is not interested in that way, so you move on.
I don’t meet up until I have also added text and phone, and we talked to build
more on attraction, playful, build some comfort and..
Me - Great, we’re going to have a good time but do me a favour. This isn’t 1950’s
where we start being awkward on who kisses ﬁrst and when to hold hands. Last
thing I need and you is awkwardiness.
Her - Hahaha. No, I’m not like that. I like a man who leads but I’m not a woman
who wants a guy who is passive. Had enough of them
Me - Awesome. See you at 8pm at Kasbah.
This was last week, we met and awesome. No awkwardiness, no pretending. We
had a drink, 15 minutes we left the bar and we walked through city centre and
talked. It was fun and it was so relaxing, romantic, and we were clear on what it is.
We behaved in the manner of what it is, holding hands, kissing, embracing,
strokes, etc.
If she said…

Her - Oh I saw it as friend hang out.
I now take it away because attraction isn’t there and there is no point of me
meeting. I’m not messing around like most people, being lost puppies,
pretending and deceiving one another.
I am polite if the message wasn’t clear.
It rarely happens because I show intent in the begning, diﬀerentiate myself from
platomic behaviour and she gets the message I am attracted to her. So even before
the texting and phone, I made it clear.
That’s why it is very rare I get women mixing things up and if it happens, no
problem. I got the phone where I screen out and ﬁlter. I make sure every step of
the way I am sexualising, I am making sure what this is.
Sexualising meaning, behaviour, playfulness, the tone of my words, voice, and
how I behave.
Then I move on to another and on it goes until I get a YES.
Sort the intent out and don’t fear if you lose the girl.
You’d save yourself so much headache, frustrations, games if you lead with
honesty, being authentic, credible with the mindset to detach from the outcome.
Rejection is good.
It leads you to who feels the same way as you do. It attracts women who do desire
you and who want to be with you in a romantic and sexual way. Nothing wrong
with it. That’s dating if you want dating.
That two people are clear about the intent and not ambigious.
Asking a woman to go out to eat is not showing intent. It’s unclear. It’s ambigious
and leaves room for assumptions.
Let her know what your intention is.
8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I give up trying to date this girl? My friend asked her if
she talks to anyone and she said no
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course some girls will say no. They don’t want any girl to know i.e.
competition, friend or no friend. She is going to keep it to herself if she’s
interested in the guy. Also girls gossip too much.
Hence, girls work hard to protect their image and sexual reputation from other
girls, their social circle seeing them in a certain light.
Also, 1–2 month?
You’re taking too long.
You need to approach fast or you are really going to ﬁnd yourself having a girl
who just sees you as some guy who behaves like a frined, a brother, a platonic
relationship.
Make your move faster. You’re too slow.
You’re investing too much eﬀort and time, thinking over one girl. You also show
intent in begining or you will be played, ﬁnd yourself with a girl who just wants
emotional support and I won’t blame her.

Girls are like that if you let them dictate the relationship.
So make your move and if she rejects then move on because the more you invest
before showing intent, is going to get you hurt real bad.
Make your move and forget over thinking things. You’re being passive-aggressive,
looking for hints which girls do. You’re a Man because you will have noticed most
girls don’t take risks when it comes to dating.
You will need to take that risk but that’s what’s appealing as well about a man. He
makes it easier not gamey, simple not confusing, clear not uncertain, and direct
because he’s conﬁdent in who he is.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do some people have an unshakable sense of self-esteem?
How is it developed?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Updated Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s know the diﬀerence ﬁrst.
1. Conﬁdence is something you can achieve easier. For example, let’s say
you’re not that good at talking to lots of people in the room. So you go to
drama classes and learn some skills and public speaking training.
Through time you get real good and due to practising in a group with
others you become conﬁdent to address the whole class.
If we phrase this in a short paragraph:
“People think I am very conﬁdent at public speaking. They see me address
the whole class, stand up and speak my assignment. They see me standing
on stage talking to all the student in the hall…”
But here’s now self esteem.
2. Self Esteem is diﬀerent. It is about the beliefs you have about yourself.
It’s about what you think your value is in the world as a human being, It’s
about what you think about the type of person you are, your abilities, the
positive and also combining the negatiuve things about you and
what..you expect in your futre.
If you have a high or healthy self esteem then the way you believe about
yourself will be positive. Sure, you may have some hard times in your life
but you will most of the time be able to rise up, deal with it without these
events impacting you in a negative way on a long-term basis.
If you have low self esteem, you will feel a lot of negative about yourself.
Your words about yourself, your appearance, your abilities, how you see
yourself in the world and the value will be negative.
You will focus on your weakness, failures, what you haven’t got, your
mistakes and even what you have got as an issue in which you think
these things such as income, job, external objects deﬁnes you when they
don’t. You will also blame yourself and others for your own failiures and
diﬃculities. It is a vicious cycle that can go on for years.
Let’s complete the paragraph like someone has low self esteem…
The Conﬁdence..
“People think I am very conﬁdent at public speaking. They see me address
the whole class, stand up and speak my assignment. They see me standing

on stage talking to all the student in the hall…
Adding the low self esteem
“BUT….I spend so much time overthinking about what will go wrong, how
I am not good enough, how people will not like me, nor like my speech, nor
see what I say is important and they might laugh at me, or joke about me,
or talk behind my back about me. If I was to give a speech, I’d be thinking
all the ways I’d fail than just focusing on getting it done, and not worrying
so much…”
The Conﬁdence..
“When I contact a guy, he thinks I am conﬁdent in being able to approach,
send private message to say hi, and even say that I admire his work, his
mind, and that I am very attracted to him…”
Adding the low self esteem
“BUT….I spend so much time overthinking about why he would even want
to date me. I think about why he is complimenting me because I don’’t
think I am smart, bubbly personality, sharp, fun to talk with, and so I
assume always the guy is lying, or pretending because I thnk I am boring. If
he was to ask me out, if he said to me he desires me. I tell him I am not good
inside or what I am inside is dangerous. I will start believing the worse
about myself, even judge him for being honest and direct. Begin to label
him as a manipulator, player, jerk and self sabotage it by telling him
negative stuﬀ because that will end the communication. I feel he is too good
to be true to want to date someone like me.”
Now we see how even if woman is very attractive, seems conﬁdent in how she
walks, talks, clothes she wears and in skills in studies or job but…when it comes
to guys, relationship, she feels she isn’t that attractive.
She overthinks on what will go wrong than what will go right.
She has already prejudicial about herself and about the guys. She self sabotage
conversations on Tinder, on social media sites and yet, to everyone else, she
seems conﬁdent but really…when the crunch happens, she self sabotages.
She feels unworthy, that such guys are out of her league, so why bother asking a
guy out or why bother saying yes, because it might not turn out great anyway,
because he will see her as boring, unattractive etc cetre.
Therefore, she creates lots of negativity, assumptions and in the end, the guy
thinks she is like most of the girls - playing mind games, just wants attention,
bored or she has too much baggage.
He stops communication and she won’t ask why. She knows why and even then,
unfortunaely, her self esteem is so low to even bother trying. It becomes a lazy,
half type attitude, and so she dwells more in the fantasy than reality.
Even if she is in a relationship that restricts her and is unhappy, longing to be
touched, kissed, feel the tenderness, and much more that she reads in romance
novels, erotic novels…she will follow her make believe negative script to stay in
the comfort zone.
This is the same with men too. Similar thought process.
“I like talking to women…(add the next line) but when I want to ask them out I
overthink and believe they are out of my league. I take too long and try to look for
hints and signals. I even ﬁnd myself helpless because I know I need to move fast and
just ask but I ﬁnd myself feeling every woman will say no because I feel I am ugly,
haven’t got this and that, and I never get down to just being honest and authentic
with women..”

I won’t go into what causes low self esteem. I would like if someone sends me a
question asking that then I can link to it or the answer will be longer.
So let’s get to how anyone can develop their self esteem.
1. Focus on what you enjoy to do
Don’t go oﬀ doing things, studies, career and following the crowd and
how people said that’s the way life is. Focus on what you enjoy. You can
ﬁnish what you enjoy, I am not talking about passion. You don’t ﬁnd
passion. I am taking doing what makes you FEEL ALIVE. Do that which
gives you the feeling of joy, of freedom, of peace, of happiness.
I know it’s not easy but don’t go oﬀ building a career because mummy
and daddy said this is what you must do and become. It will hit your self
esteem so damn hard that a time will come, when you are in the middle
of age, and ﬁnd this is not the life you wanted it and feel stuck.
2. Work it
The world is ﬁlled with problems. Go out in the world and use what you
enjoy to bring happiness, bring value, bring solutions, even if it is that
you love talking…there are places where people have no one to talk to.
You can create small events, bring people together. You can go to work
and have a salary. It will make you feel great inside using what you enjoy
to bring life, smiles, support to the community you live in. You will meet
many people.
Be in places that give you support as well when you are doing the roles of
whatever it is you’re doing. Choose to be in a positive environment. Push
yourself out of the comfort zone, small steps, create some targets, and go
for them. Understand everyone is human being, all learnt the way you
did, and so there is no job that you cannot do because it sounds fucking
fancy on a recuritment landing page or website.
Comapnies love to sound important, make the job sound important and
diﬃcult but to ﬁlter out those who haven’t got that attitude. Have that
attitude and know you got it in you.
3. Hobbies
You like to speak diﬀerent languages? You like to play guitar? You like to
paint? You like to sing? Whatever it is, do something that won’t challenge
you too much in the begining. Start small and do it because you enjoy it,
because it makes you feel happy.
4. Connect with Positive People and..
Build positive relationships. Find people who into same things as you.
Don’t ﬁll your life with people to be popular. You do’t need millions of
friends. You don’t need thousands of them. You don’t even need 100 or
50, or even 30.
You can do so much in the world with just 5 friends!
When you are with true friends and associates who are similar in values,
and who bring posivity, you can do so much in this world.
If you look at all your friends on facebook, can you really say that if
something happened to you, they will come running to help? If you went
missing right now, who will think of you and who will do their best to
ﬁnd out where you are because they are worried about you?
Be with people who are supportive, who reach down and pull you up,

who see the best in you rather than someone bringing you down. It will
help your self image.
5. Indentify your beliefs
Read more and understand yourself more. There are books that can help
you to learn how to identify your negativity in your mind, how to listen
to your thoughts that run on autopilot. It’s knowledge and it is a skill.
Write down your beliefs ans ask yourself why you believe this is to be so.
Be honest with yourself. Learn to develop yourself from within. It takes
work but it is well worth it. It will improve and change your life.
Get a diary and write down thoughts you have and then read again, and
ask yourself why and where these beliefs come from.
6. Look after your health
Sleep well. Have a food diet. Do physical activities even if it’s walking.
You don’t need a gym for that. I go to the gym but only because I love
weight training to just keep my body trim, toned not to look big.
7. Focus On The Positive about yourself
Everday, write a list of the positive about yourself. Get a journal, a small
book for this excercise.
Write and talking positive about your skills:
Your talents
Your abilities
Your present
Your future
Your looks
Your goals
your dreams
Your teeth
your face
Your hair
Your curves
Your ass
All of it
Talk positive and write it down.
Then say it in front of the mirror. At ﬁrst it may seem fake. At ﬁrst it may seem
uncomfortable and silly. But you will ﬁnd in time to come, something changes
within you. You grow in loving yourself.
How do you interact with other people? Be the light, the positive energy,
the excitement, the person who visits relatives, friends, works with coworkers, and anyone really, when you talk good about them.
Avoid criticizing them
Avoid blaming anyone
Remind people of the good in them
Remind of the positive in them
Detach if they believe or not. You don’t want anything back anyway

Reassure your loved ones, friends that you care, you value their
friendship,. be part of their life and I don’t mean liking their facbook
posts. I mean really socialise, and show you care. Be part of their life and
be the one who leaves and it feels you left sunshine, light with them.
Let them know that it is ok to feel bad sometimes. That no one is perfect.
It’s not weak. It is strength and human. That there is no expectations to
live up to and you are with them because of who they are from within.
Encourage your relatives, your friends, be the cheerleader. Show you
believe in their goals, their purpose, their dreams and hobbies. Take
interest.
Dont advise only when asked but if any need treatment, leave
information around like “you know I found this today. I am thinking of
checking it out, see what support they got.”
Start here…
Get a book and start writing positive about you. Your mind is your gift. You are it’s
owner. What you put into it is your responsibility.
Be on guard on what you say to yourself and others.
Guard your mind. It’s the only one you got.
23.9k Views · View Upvoters

I have a sensitive bf , I said that I don't trust him, now he's mad.
I have said sorry but still don't wanna forgive me, what should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing. Damage is done.
You see, guys know how girls, women don’t trust men. We get labeled with being
players just because we are direct with you about our desires and feelings,. We
don’t plan things in our head like most women, but logical, but always it seems,
most girls, women like to make a guy guilty about something, whether it is sex,
whether it is this and that.
Even if a guy compliments, girl is going to be insecure and
“I don’t believe you. You was pretending because…because..”
The complain why guys don’t compliment.
So when you say to your boyfriend you don’t trust him, you just told him,
something huge. You just told your boyfriend, that he betrayed you in some way,
that he isn’t who he says he is and that is going to now play a part in eating your
relatiomship up.
He’s not sensitive.
Even with me, who is strong emotionally will questuion why you said that. Is it
you want to self sabotage the relationship? Is it your own insecurities? Have I
dated now someone who has pre-judged me form day one and she has been
testing me all time?
Are you seeing someone and you are saying that to break us up?
Is this a game to her?
“what’s the point in being with someone who doesn’t trust me?”

Now he will see all your interaction with him as some game you’re playing. He
will never be sure now, the seed has be sown, in which you said to him you do not
trust him.
1. You are notn safe with him. Is what he hears.
2. You have doubts about him being a man is what he hears.
3. That is doesn’t satisify you emotionally and sexually. Is what he hears
4. That you have judged him from the begining. That’s what he hears.
5. Oh now we goting to have drama. Here we go. Is what he now feels.
Guys have had enough of being with girls, women who are doubting men, for no
reason. Even if there is a reason, don’t accuse, but communicate your feelings,
what you feel..
“I just feel I want more time with you and I miss you. Can we sort out where we
meet often?”
Instead of accusing him
He sees it that you are accusing him and he now questions whether there is a
relationship because what’s the point…in being with someone who doesn’t trust
you?
Give it time. Let him cool oﬀ and try to apologise in saying what you said was
wrong, and the reason why you said it (without blaming him) was this and that,
and you will do XYZ so it doesn’t happen again.
It can damage a relationship saying things like that.
Give him some time to cool oﬀ.
544 Views · View Upvoters

If you had to choose one ﬁctional character to have sex with,
who would it be?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Emma Frost.

I know with Emma Frost, she won’t see talking about sex and sex itself as taboo.
She won’t be timid, shy and all awkward about it.
I know she will want to ﬂow with anything when it comes to sex and she won’t
judge one as a player, jerk, this or that. She also dresses in a way that just turns
you on. She is far ahead in seduction. Sexually conﬁdent as in comfortable in her
own skin and conﬁdent as a woman who is unapologetic about who she is and
what she desires.
But alsio she has a formidable mind, and has telepathetic powers, so we can have
some amazing fun. Known in Xmen, enemy but also worked with them to teach
other mutants how to use their power.
So yes, Emma Frost.
13.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when a girl says "I don't know what I want?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the ﬁrst lessons I learnt and I learnt this early on, is no matter what
anyone says, no one really knows what they want.
They know how it makes them feel.
For example, so many men and women just don’t get this but fortunately I learnt
this early on. So much so, I was never really worried about whether I am good
looking or not good looking, wore trendy clothes or not, height tall or short, or
any of what so many guys and girls worry about.
I knew, they knew about their feelings.
People know what makes them feel good.
The problem with this is that it’s a map in our head. Yes, we got it all in our
minds, packed up like some box, ready for it to be released and a ﬂood of
chemicals suddenly kicks oﬀ like the dam has been broken and ﬂows all over your
brain and throughout your body.
So no matter what someone tells me, or how a woman tells me on how she doesn’t
know what she wants, I know that it’s about what makes her feel.
Now sometimes, this phrase “I don’t know what I want,” is really saying..
“I’m not that into you but I don’t want to say it because once a upon a time I did,
and it was an awful feeling due to the guy starting acting weird, called me a bitch,
called me a slut, called be a snob, shouted, “oh you think you’re better than me?”
So she learnt to not say “no,” but say it in a way that avoids conﬂict. She wants to
say “no,” but her memories remind her the pain that can happen. She then says,
she doesn’t know what she wants or she’s not ready for a relationship, or she
behaves in a weird way to not show any sign of a comitmment to say Yes or No.
Just leads you on and expects you to know the deal and move on anyway.
Sometimes, it’s because the guy is not good at approaching girls. He’s boring and
by that I mean he is passive aggressive, confusing, doesn’t act as a man but
feminine in that he gives hints and signals, just doesn’t be bold enough and he
hasn’t the skill to talk and for her to feel he’s a conﬁdent guy and a guy she can
imagine, it’s going to be great being with him, which creates a feelings.
Sometimes, it’s the makeup in her psychology she has already decided what guy
she wants, and this can be the psychology based on some fairytale, the dark
handsome guy, this need to impress others and a whole heap of stuﬀ which
creates the feeling.
As you can see, there is a lot going on but you can never know which is which that
is going on. You can never really ever know.
So what do you do?
I mean if a girl got this and other things in her mind plus her biological and also
other things can impact how she sees, perceives, feels….what do you do?
Here’s the second lesson.
The last thing I ever want to do is be with a woman who isn’t as excited about
being with me in a romantic sexual way, as I am with her.
So if the answer makes me feel shit, gives me doubt, has any uncertainty, then it’s
not good enough for me and I don’t want to know her anymore.
I am moving on.
I heard enough, I found out what I need to know.
So you have standards. You have self respect.

You have boundaries.
You have a rule what is not good enough and what is.
That it needs to be 100%…
A…FUCK YES.
That’s what tells you it’s good enough answer because she isn’t the only one
making the decision. You are.
Anything else is nothing but a FUCK NO.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

I want to leave a letter to someone who has been the worse for
me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What? And give that person the attention? You’re generous aren’t you. That’s
exactly what such a person would want you to do.
Any kind of attention or sign you got rattled is what such a person wants to see.
But hey, write it.
Do a masive essay. Write tons. Tell that person what for. I mean use every damn
swear word possible. Write everything about how you feel.
Then get an envelop, stuﬀ the letter in and…burn it.
Now get yourself a drink.
Well done because that’s what good old Abe, Abraham Lincoln did when he got so
pissed oﬀ by someone. It was one of the things that made him a strong person.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Ex told me I'm more than good enough for her but she wants
something diﬀerent what does this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It probably means..
1. You’re too nice a guy
2. Boring
3. Isn’t satifyiing her emotionally and sexually
4. Cannot see a future with you
She’s saying it in a nice way to avoid conﬂict.
It means it’s over and you best not wait around, and move on.
510 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when I constantly tell my boyfriend
something he does upsets me but he continues to do them
anyway and just expects me to go over it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t do things and expect some strokes back. You do things because you
want to do things and care to doing them. Just because you don’t do something
on social media because you think it cause discomfort, doesn’t mean he has to

now follow what you do. You either do it because you care and not because you
want something back.
He doesn’t take social media as serious as you do.
He doesn’t care about what other people think the way you do. You can’t control
him and dictate what he puts on social media. He has a world before he met you
and that is his mind.
Also, the more you say to someone to not do something, you are using your
Parent Ego state and treating him as Child and so his Child Ego state rebels. He’s
not a kid. He doesn’t need a mummy. He’s a man. Let him do whatever on social
media.
If you can’t take what he posts on social media then don’t follow him. Don’t
police what he puts on social media. Just unfollow and stop looking at his page.
9 Views · View Upvoters

How would a guy make sure he pleases his partner in bed?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Mar 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before we even have sex I would have..
1. Know her sexual desires, fantasies, the whole damn lot because the most
powerful thing in a woman is not her pussy, It’s her mind; her
imagination. So I don’t go and ﬁll the gap in her mind but rather, I use
what she told me.
2. I create sexual tension to such a level. A woman will send me texts to
how she wants me to fuck her.
I have created sexual tension. I know how to make a woman wet with just
my words and creating images in her mind with…the desire…that
already exist in her and it will be done. It can be done. Learn it.
3. By the time we meet face to face, she is already going nuts. I take my
time, in pinning her to a wall and pleasure her. I know where her
erogenous zones are, the places where it’s sensitive to kiss, touch and
caress. I know exactly how she likes it and so I pleasure her, in all the
ways she has fantasized.
4. I start with the kiss on the neck and slowly tease her with all the ways she
has imagined and has shared with me. She heards me say bold words, I
tell her who she is to me, she agress and I say to her to say again to me,
and she says it, and on I go as I foreplay and gradually go down on her.
He legs are quivering like they are going to cave in. Her thighs drip with
wetness as I continue eating her out and her body rocks rhythmically
with each stroke and deep eating.
5. I can sense she can’t stand it anymore as she cries out of pleasure, so I
pick her up on to the bed and…continue foreplay.
6. Her heart racing, her body tingling, she feels the amazing rush
throughtout her body. The ﬁre spreading through her chest and down to
her belly, she feels like she’s ﬂoating. Her hands clutching on anything
and everything as I turn her round and eat her out from behind. Her legs
quiver, her body shakes, her pelvis tightens and shoots up, her back
arched and she gives out a cry of pleasure as she orgasms.
7. But I have only just begun. I continue foreplay and I keep pleasuring her,
and even tie her hands on bed and her legs wide apart and begin foreplay
all over again and again and again, and she orgasms over and over again.

8. Only then will we fuck not a moment before. A Man can cum and he’s
tired but a woman can have multiple orgasms. Pleasure her ﬁrst, in all
the ways she has shared with you. When you have the balls to lead, ask
her with the knowledge, skill and mastery for her to reveal her true
nature, not the social conditioned “good girl” nonsense.
That’s how.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

If men never approach me, does that mean I am ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You probably been approached before, maybe once, twice or three times, but after
that, it’s mostly a few things.
1. It’s same reason why you don’t approach guys. You are waiting for life to
throw men on your lap and tell you they want you because you…fear…
rejection.
2. You’re unapproachable. You don’t make it easy to approach, You either
got some poker face, no smiles, and do not even show slight interest in
guys.
3. You don’t socialise with guys, mingle, ﬂirt and show them you’re
interested in them,
Plus today we got all kinds of things like..
1. Tinder
2. Dating websites
3. More dating websites
4. Parties
5. Nightclubs
The place where the mood is for dating and we know the girl won’t be up her ass
labelling us as players, jerks and all that becasue we approached. Plus, if guys
know you, and know no one dated you, then they’ll assume something is up with
you.
1. You are awkward
2. You lack conﬁdence
3. You have very low self esteem
4. You socially awkward
5. Maybe a psycho, narcissist or likes to be…a…lone
So best to not bother.
It’s where guys take the least resistance choice.
If it’s diﬃcult, if they see a light expression, or body posture that doesn’t show
you’re approachable - and - if you don’t put eﬀort in, it will be taken that you
either got a boyfriend or you will humilate them with usual ra ra most girls do to
pretend they are not interested.
That doesn’t mean guys don’t notice you. They do but you only need tits and ass
to get noticd, but being approached and date, it’s a diﬀerent ball game altogether.
You live in an interpersonal communication world.

You then need to talk, engage whoever in whatever way to get them to talk with
you. So you can either have it hard way and wait, or easier way and engage.
It’s up to you.
15k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy hugs me a lot, does he like me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like you, sure. Attracted to you, is a very diﬀerent thing altogether. I like a lot of
women. We smile, hug, and all that but am I attracted to them in a romantic and
sexual way? No I’m not.
You see, if you’re looking at signals, hints, and you get hurt later on, don’t blame
it on guy and call him Jerk. He is doing what he does.
But you got control over that. You can ﬁnd out if he is into you in that way, and if
he isn’t, you set boundaries. If he avoids answers then don’t take it serious and set
boundaries and line he doesn’t step over.
Even when I say this, most don’t do because they so love the strokes, validation,
the attention and fear of…losing the guy.
You never know until you ask and ﬁnd out or he could be another guy, just
playing along, ﬂirting like girls do for fun, boredom and to just feel good about
himself.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

I am a 20-year-old guy and 1.65m (5′4″ ft) tall. How much of a
problem is my height and how do I overcome it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will be totaly screwed.
Seriously screwed that..
1. People get an amazing suprise at how you kick ass with what you know
2. My friend who was same height was getting blow jobs every week from
attractive girls. He’d would have every day but he worked at his dad
shop. He wasn’t that good looking. Just the guys around were passive
and he wasn’t passive. He failed more so he got more. He really didn’t
give damn. Just did what he wanted to do.
3. On prom night, well not prom but like school kind of one night hangout,
he dated the popular girl. Why? He knew how to eat her out like no guy
ever could. Thats her words, where she said it…without realising her ass
was sitting on the intercome button for the whole school to hear.
4. Your friends don’t expect anything amazing from you which it is why it’s
a surprise when you kick ass in most of the sports because you know you
got to work hard, train harder and never take chances as most do. You
learnt techniques instead of “get lucky.”
5. Girls don’t suspect much with you and lower their guard for you to
swoop with a big cheeky grin on your face…and you will be dating and
having sex left right and centre. (wear a condom if you have sex)
6. Everyone in your family won’t have expectations but when you achieve it
be like xmas everyday.
7. Having conﬁdence will feel huge for the girls and much more attractive
while everyone taller than you can’t even speak to a girl they are

interested in.
Yes, height plays a major role if you have no clue about girls. If you want every
girl, every woman on this planet to say yes to you.
Yes, you are screwed because there is no girl on this planet that’s 5,2, 5,4, or 5,5, or
5ft6, or 5ft7 and no girl taller date shorter guys.
You’re screwed if you do not focus on what you have and know how to use all you
have to get what you want in life.
In other words,
The world is yours, to kick ass. Seriously, if you saw some of my mates and
women they date, you wonder what the hell is going on.
Nothing.
It’s just they believe in themselves and do more than everyone else around them.
They got balls, conﬁdence. The magic of believing that most haven’t got.
They got…attitude.
World is yours.
9.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do the girl mean a longer lasting relationship when they
introduce their boyfriends to the family?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Nothing means longer lasting relationship as people grow. You can be
meeting her parents and 8 months down line or even shorter, she is dating
someone else, and you become a stranger or the past.
It does mean she might be taken it seriously but nothing really banks on that it is
a longer-lasting relationship. That comes from you and her put into the
relationship, and even then, focus on the present.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Who wins at life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What does it mean to win and lose?
Is it really someone who has direction in their life? No.
Is it really about someone who is emotionally stronger? No.
Is it someone who wins in a sports race? No.
Is it someone who can meditate and all that? No.
Is it someone who can attract women or men, or both? No.
So what then is a winner and a loser?
Instead of lots of checklist - I like to come to the root of it all, the core, not the
symptons, but the core of what a winner and loser is.
There are people all over the world, young and old feeling they are not winners
and instead losers.
They think this way because they have no direction, can’t ﬁgure out their passion,
feel their life is not steady, purposeful with a clear cut direction, with lack of

peace in their mind. Always comparing themselves to someone else who they
think is a winner and always looking in mirror questioning why they are a loser.
On top of all this, they have scripts in their head, running like DVDs, words from
parents, other relatives, friends and their social peers, to mainstream
commericials and all kinds of stories of what a winner is and what a loser is.
And how you win in life with a checklist in which life as we know, doesn’t give a
damn about checklist. It will bring other plans into your life.
If someone who got it ﬁgured out, meditating, got direction, and all the usual
checklist of a nice great job, ﬁnd their passion, got a business going great isn’t a
winner, then what on earth is a loser?
It be worse, right?
We are conditioned with is…
That he or she is a teen and got it ﬁgured out. Studies ﬁgured out and passion
ﬁgured out. Rolling in with the top grades. To someone someone who has
direction and knows what, and where and now does it.
And the one who hasn’t, is a loser.
But you see, the guy in the street sweeping and though there are things he wants
to have or a dream, he is still trying.
There is the mother, who has children, her life is in disarray, busy, busy, here and
there and by time all in bed, she is exhuasted, and she has doubts, she has fears,
she has uncertainty running her mind but when she walks into the bedroom of all
her children, she smiles, sees joy, sees heaven, sees wonder and awe.
There is the father, who wish he can pay more, move out to a bigger home, get a
bigger car for family, do this and do that, and while all think he ﬁgured it out, he
hasn’t, but still, he continues.
There is the girl who dates a guy and it doesn’t work out, and another and it
doesn’t work out, and another and again, it doesn’t work out. She hasn’t ﬁgured it
out, she has no direction even if she feels she’s moving.
There is the guy who is going through the same experience as her.
There is someone working, bills being paid but still trying to ﬁgure it out. Battling
always inside, striving in someway to answer many questions in his or her life.
Are they losing?
And everyon eelse who got it ﬁgured out, meditating, smiling, and all or not, or at
peace or not, winners?
A winner is someone is an individuals who battles his or her demons, trying to
ﬁgure themselves out and life. He or she will fail as we all do but they have come
to an understanding in being honest about themselves, authentic, credible and in
all the mess they are in or sees, or go through, they continue to unravel more
their….self.
They have have higher percent in themselves than most in being honest about
themselves, in not needing to play psychological games with themselves and
with people around them and who they meet.
They are more honest, more authentic, more credible within themselves than
most are in this world.
If there was one question if life was to ask at the end of one’s life it be this..
“Why were you not your self?”

The one who can has, is the one who wins and they don’t need validation, to
impress anyone, car, mansion, and all the rest most attach themselves to as
winning, nor perfection. That doesn’t mean those who have these are losers as we
now see what winning and losing is.
You can be a winner and always win…even if you haven’t ﬁgured it out. Even if
you haven’t direction, Even if you are failing in grades. Even if you haven’t
passion about something,
Even if you haven’t any friends,girlfriend, boyfriend. Even if the world thinks
your an asshole, a player, a jerk, a slut, a whore, failure, or in low paid job or high
paid job, rich or poor.
Whatever label people use these days.
You can because to win is to be as close as possible in being honest with one self,
authentic and credible to the self.
The loser isn’t someone who hasn’t direction or hasn’t stability, or hasn’t peace.
It is someone who continous to battle with the self to get as close as possible in
being honest with who they really are.
That’s who wins at life,
When they can say..
“I was myself. I wa honest with myself. I was authentic to myself. I embraced my
voice and it took time, but I came as close as I could in the short span of time of life I
had.”
That’s who wins at life.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Does a recruiter really mean it when he says he is interested in
my skills and background while rejecting my application?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Recruiters will say whatever you want to hear to keep you on but focus more on
those who they know they can get more result. You know, sales, no matter
industry it is, will give you the usual speel.
I’d not bank much recruiters who talk but don’t get results. End of the day what
one says and what one does is a diﬀerent matter. Don’t believe what recruitors say
but rather what they do for you.
Focus on not waiting for them and do more for yourself. See more websites, apply
to other sites, make connections, do more for yourself than putting your future in
someone else’s hands.
Use them but don’t wait around and only believe what has been done. End of day
it’s not the recruiter but their clients they are ﬁlling vacancies for. If they feel
client isn’t going to really say yes, or get pissed oﬀ for sending a candidates that’s
not really for them, it doesn’t build a good relationship with them.
Be selﬁsh. Do more for yourself.
As no doubt they’ll be selﬁsh too.
682 Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy ask you to call him, and while your still
talking to him, he says, oh your busy, and then hangs up on you,
before you can answer him?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be..
1. He’s has no idea what to say to you, inexperienced, nervous as hell and
hung up.
2. If a conversation happened, he didn’t hear what he expected to hear.
That you desire him, attracted to him and want to meet. Saying “I would
love to meet you,” is not enough. Guys get that from women and we
know they either being polite or just want a conversation but adding you
desire him, attracted him is a diﬀerent story.
3. He has a personality disorder or he’s very socially awkward, and just
bailed out. It happens.
Whatever the reason, do you want to have lots of baggage or challenges already
with someone who can’t communicate their feelings or intent, or behaves in a
manner that doesn’t lead to hanging up on phone on you?
1k Views · View Upvoters

I like this guy and we're friends and I wish we could date
someday but he doesn't really show interest in me. What do I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see this..this is what frustrates guys. Girls don’t show intent. Clear intent.
This what you’re saying here needs to be said to him.
We can’t read minds.
Usually, what happens is a girl will avoid saying it and even when the guy says it!
Why? Because she got some crazy idea from society that to do so makes her look
so easy. Also, she didn’t really believe anything was going to happen so all of it
was nothing more but strokes, psychological transactions to get validation.
Now if that isn’t you, and you are really intersted in the guy, then let him know.
Let him know you’re interested in him and take it from there.
The last thing you need, is knowing like most girls who pretend they are so busy,
got a huge massive life, that you don’t say to guys you’re interested in them to be
in that same place. Watch TV or surﬁng the net or reading some damn awful
romance erotic novel. Not all are bad but some, Jeesh,we need some good writers.
So put some excitement in your life, get your blood rusing…let him know you are
interested. If nothing happens, well, at least it won’t be another fantasy in your
memory you regret.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's the diﬀerence between a guy ﬂirting and just being nice?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 31, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason you are wondering is due to a lot of myths in regards to dating, and it’s
not surprising you won’t know what’s what and ﬁnd it frustrating.
Much of the norms and rules in dating is to do that. Messes your head up and you
feel helpless and think you have no option but to see what turns out.
You will hear stuﬀ like…
“Guys/Girls like mystery,” so you waste time and mess your head up.
“Don’t tell a guy you like him,” so you waste time and get frustrated

“Girls never approach guys,” because it looks too easy. No. If a guy is
intimidated by that he’s not much of man to even bother with.
Lots of norms and rules that do nothing but create awkwardiness, tension and
really messes your head up. It also give time for manipulators to use you for
attention, for what we call psychological transaction games…like stroking for
validation, ego and even to improve status in front of other girls/guys.
You will never know if a guy is ﬁrting for fun or is interested because most fear
rejection.
And do you want to waste time doing so because you fear loss?
Just polarize them immediately and if a guy is interested and not a wuss, or
hasn’t this idea that girls don’t ask, he will be direct with you and say.
Conﬁdent guys will ﬂirt but at the same time will say they are attracted to you,
and want to meet and get to know you.
It’s what I do. I’m direct. I do ﬂirt but at the same time, in minute or so, I reveal
my intent as clear as day. That way I don’t mislead and it avoids me wasting time.
It’s says a lot when a guy is direct with you. It also says a lot when a guy doesn’t
and act out all the bullshit mysterious role stuﬀ.
I cannot stand it when women do that. Puts me right oﬀ. Tells me they are
gamers, manipulators and not sure of what they want.
So don’t let world decide or anyone.
You decide by speaking up, with a smile, and now if a guy doesn’t say he is into
you, then set boundaries with him so he knows the line to not cross and how to
behave with you.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Katrina Mazzocchi

What would you do if your girlfriend never compromises in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What would I do? It rarely happens.
There is a reason for this…
Before dating, sex, relationship, I have communicated my boundaries, values and
of course I ﬁnd out what her boundaries/values are too. We come to an
understanding very early on and I am known not to be passive-aggressive. Not a
doormat.
And if I then ﬁnd she’s being controlling or starts some manipulation games, I
communicate my concern and if she doesn’t care, bye, bye.
Rarely happens due to what I now do in begining stages.
There are things I feel are less important and so, we come to terms on them. My
lovers do the same as well.
Like my friends want to check some place out but I ﬁnd my lover is not well, or
there was a night that only happens once, and she wants to see. No problem. I’d
love to. Or if I want to go to a certain country but I ﬁnd she has never been to a
certain country she always loved, and so because I have traveled a lot anyway, no
problem. I want to take my lover there.
You know somethings I can let go of but also I like to do them because I love my
lovers, and I want to enrich their life. And I know they’d do same for me.

But when it comes to something important to me, my values andmy greater
purpose life, to no tolerance for jealousy and possessiveness, then that’s where I
am real serious. I don’t compromise these.
And if it cannot be resolved, we part ways.
But again, due to experience, maturity, very rare.
Lovers I attract are very loving, have empathy as I do too, so we don’t have such
problems. Get that nipped in bud early on you’ll do great but if you ﬁnd it’s just
too much to let go of, well, best to part ways.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend thinks that I should not meet alone with my male
friends for coﬀee or lunch. Is he right, or he is just too
controlling?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s the begin stages of controlling.
Sit down and communicate with him but if you can’t work it out, then you and he
decide either to go your own ways. Jealousy and possessiveness can cause
problems but it if you can communicate together calmly, work it out, great.
He’ll probably be worried about this…
EDIT.. new link added to the list…
I'm in love with two men: my boyfriend of almost 2 years and his good friend. I
have been with him for almost a year. They both love me. My boyfriend already
found out about my “aﬀair,” but I don’t know what he thinks. What should I do?
What should I do if I'm in love with my boyfriend's best friend, who is also my
best friend?
I have fallen in love with a girl, but she has a boyfriend. What do I do?
I love my best friend but she has a boyfriend. Some time ago, she did admit to
once having feelings for me. However, the present scenario suggests they're very
happy together even though she sometimes gets treated like crap. What do I do
since I don't want to lose her as a friend?
What is wrong with me if I love my boyfriend like a best friend and I keep
thinking about another man sexually?
I am in a relationship from 7 years. However, I drifted from my boyfriend when
he stopped giving me time. Meanwhile I got really close to this friend and ﬂirting
texts turned into something romantic. He's in love with me and I'm kind of liking
him too, but I still love my boyfriend. What to do?
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy doesn't call nor text their girl for
a day because of a ﬁght?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If this not the ﬁrst time in ﬁghting, arguments, then it can strain the relationship.
Disagreeing is ﬁne but when it’s full blown shouting and all, it’s toxic and really
damage a good thing, especially if there’s been a history of it in the relationship.
I’m not saying it’s your fault or his but what I am saying is, it’s not the ﬁght you
need ﬁxing. It’s the way you both communicate with each other when face to

face; and understand when it’s about to come to some boiling point, to resist, to
not cross that line, to talk, ease up. This comes with maturity.
You apologised but now, give him time to calm down. Give him space. Let him
think, let him ease up, give it time.
938 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys make the girl they like jealous, by ﬂirting with other
girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure, there will probably be some who do and some who don’t.
It’s not gender issue. It’s human beings depending on their own insecurities and
their own maturity level, also experience.
It depends on the guy.
But if a girl hasn’t shown intent, if the guy also hasn’t done so as well, then there
is nothing wrong with the guy talking to other girls.
If a girl wants that guy she needs to know how to do so and if he doesn’t take
action either, she can’t really can’t suddenly act like his girlfriend.
If girls judge a guy on that, well, she’s probably be insecure anyway when she
does date the guy.
8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Samantha Razon

When you like someone, what is the best way to go about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I ask myself what do I want in a woman.
2. Since I know what I want then this also tells me a lot about the women
themselves because if I want women who are sexually conﬁdent similar
as me, who are high sexuals, they then will be so.
3. They would be similar in that they want a man who is direct in his
intention because they do not want that dating rules and dating
manipulation game anymore like I don’t.
4. So our values in approach as well will be similar and far diﬀerent to a
woman who follows the norms, have guilt and shame abouot sex. And I
am a man who isn’t passive, shy, hiding and pretending.
So that works with my values, my personality, my attitude.
It is easy then for me to be authentic, honest, direct showing intent. I don’t need
to worry about “oooh be myself.” It’s natural.
So the question then is, what do you want in a man?
You’ll know by asking yourself what you desire, what your values are, and all this
will dictate how you approach, in your own authentic, honest and credilble way.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Samantha Razon

How can I ask a guy out despite my fear of being rejected?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Approach without expectations. Without being dependant of the outcome. That
guy you are approaching has already got a program, a script running in his head

long before you met. The way I see women as well.
You also listen to your script and replace it with what I am saying below, to keep
your feed on ground and not follow what most girls, women follow…the fairytale
romance, of love and all that. It exists but to only give that to a guy who has
invested in you.
So when rejections happens, awesome. I want one and I want it instantly when I
approach. At least they are honest and even if they give some usual “Ooh busy,” or
“Not looking for relationship,” or “let’s be friends,” I take it as a no, and I don’t
bother with them. They’ve showed their intent.
I detach from the outcome because people judge, long before you met them and
that predjudicial, and that script, that negativity and that map they got in their
head about who they get attracted to has been swimming in there long before I
and you met these people.
So approach without expectations, without building any story in your head of
what can happen, what will happen, the relationship, the marriage, the house
with a white picket fence, because they don’t deserve that investment when they
have yet to invest in you and behave in showing interest back and invest time,
emotions and committment.
They don’t deserve it.
They are not unique and they are not special to you yet.
The only ones unique and special are ones who said YES and who don’t play
games, who follow through, who then give you time, who invest and so forth.
Before that, they are nobody to you but someone.
That’s how I see it. Yes, may sound asshole attitude but I believe people need to
get real, have this attitude because this will also avoid you being played,
manipulated by guys who just want to ﬂirt, who just want fun for attention and
nothing else. This also avoids wasting time in investing lots of thinking, emotions
that if a rejection happens…it will hit you hard.
Detach from the outcome and move fast. Don’t hesitate, giving tons of time
thinking about it or you’re already investing too much.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Samantha Razon

How do I respond when some asks me “why are you so
beautiful”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If someone says that to you..
The scientiﬁc Approach with indirect sexualisation
You - because I have good jeans….the ones I am wearing are called French
Connection ;)
Just The Science Approach
You - Great Genes ;)
The Don’t Give a Fuck View
You - Because when universe wanted to bless this sorry ass world, it created me
and now look at this magniﬁcient body, face, and sexiness. Just beautiful!
The Awkward Approach

You - Sure but you ﬁrst. Why are you beautiful?
The VERY Awkward Approach
You (stare at the person, roll your eyes and walk oﬀ)
The No Big Deal Approach
You - Thanks
26k Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach this guy I like again when he spoke to me for
the ﬁrst time a couple of months ago?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes, it’s not the right time. Sometimes, we need to grow. Sometimes
things happen out of our control. Sometimes our emotions get in the way.
Sometimes, the woman makes a mistake or the guy does.
But sometimes, you got to think this…
Right now, in your life, admit it to yourself as most women don’t, that new
experiences are a good thing. It doesn’t have to be perfect. It doesn’t have be he is
the one. It doesn’t have to be really anything with lots of expectations which is by
the way where many women and men fall trap to.
Instead, forget the bigger picture and think of the experience.
If you wasn’t doing experiencing the going and doing, honestly, what will you be
doing?
Forget all those facebook selﬁes. Forget all these Quora posts. Forget all those
stories one makes in their head, pretending all is ok and you’re ok as it is..
Because if it was “OK” women won’t write and answer how they are dateable. You
also won’t write about this guy and sometimes, things happen whether for a
reason or not, for you to go and experience it.
When you see the guy again think “experiencing life..”
Nothing else but that and walk right up to him and..
“Hey there, I saw you a few times and meant to say hi, so…hi…”
Then smile. He will be smiling too and will know.
You then talk.
“I was wondering do you any good places to..”
( ﬁll in the gap..place to drink, place they do this…place they do that. Make it
towards events that would happen if you both you dated)
Have that ready to ﬂow the conversation.
The moment you talk, the moment all that awkwardiness is gone and you’ll be
wondering what on earth you was worried about.
We think a lot about the worse that can happen.
Most people will also self sabotage what can happen with their insecurities but I
hope you’re not like that and just…go and experience whatever happens.
When you do talk, throw the part in..

“You know, when we ﬁrst talked, and you called me by my nick name, I wasn’t sure
about you but now…I like to know you more but more than…just…a friend…”
This is just a guide if you’re stuck what to say.
Just ﬂow with it and experience stuﬀ.
Most people don’t and when someone does appear, well, they mess it up by being
hesitant or play games, or doubt themselves.
I hope you are diﬀerebt because life is short thinking “what if.” It’s too much of a
burden to carry. Don’t carry it. Choose to experience life.
964 Views · View Upvoters

Are people who read books smarter than those who don't?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“95% can be taught or read, but the 5% you need to make sense of it all is…
caught.”
I read a lot of books. I would read tons of books and still do. One of my lovers met
me and she wanted to move in with her. I appeared at her door with large
rucksack bag and two carry bags and all was nothing but books.
“Is that all your stuﬀ?”
“Yes.” I said and grinned
But you see, reading lots of books doesn’t make you smart. It makes you aware of
a subject but they don’t really make you smart.
The smart came, when I went into the world and hit it hard, applying with fury
that people thought I had magic. I didn’t have magic. I had heart in what I am
doing and took my life more serious and my goals than whatever people thought
about me.
Here is where smart kicked…
All the books I read suddenly made much more sense.
You know how you read a book but then after some years you pick that same book
to ﬁnd much more? You wonder how could you miss that gem?
I begin to nod my head at what the authors wrote. It was like an amazing
discovery. Like I just ﬁgured it out and I suddenly…became smart.
Smart = Self Aware.
I became self aware, about all my ﬂaws, all my blind spots and I was like “Holy
shit! Now I get why I didn’t move forward? Shit!”
I also began to see other people’s blind spots, and all their psychological games
they play and and began to see te bigger picture.
I didn’t feel hate. Not anger at people. Not pity.
I felt empathy as I understood why people do what they do.
The more I did out in world, the more the books spoke to me and showed me
more than I saw before. The more I did out there, the more these same pages kept
on giving me back.
It now became exciting.
I’d pick a book and read and go out and do. Knowing full well I’d come back to see
the pages I read with diﬀerent eyes.

“95% can be taught or read, but the 5% you need to make sense of it all is…
caught.”
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys think when girls approach them ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a woman sees me and laughs, can see through my playfulnes, which means
to me, she is one smart one, intelligence because it’s not clever or intelligent to
judge someone as a badboy or player - I know she got her head screwed right.
When she walks over and talks to me like an equal and never utters a word about
how men just want sex, even hints such insecurities and plays that sorry ass
pathetic game - I admire her she got guts to overcome labels and fears. I know she
understands the diﬀerence between games people play with and what is the
reality.
When she is direct, shows intent and doesn’t piss me oﬀ with all these romance
faiirtyale that imprisoned many women’s mind to make them not realise it
doesn’t happen in real life -and telling me she desires me, wants me now….I know
she got a mind of her own. I respect her more.
So there is a lot more going on when a girl approaches ﬁrst. It tells me a lot about
her and if I am attracted to her, I am going to remind her every day, how awesome
she is and amazing she is.
And if I am not attracted to her or feel the same way - I am going to make sure
before she walks away, she got her head up high, feeling damn good about herself
and her action is appreciated and honesty is respected. That she should keep
doing that to guys she attracted to.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys get weirded out by a girl staring at them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

if you’re not smiling, ﬂirty look and just staring then it can be seen as weird. So if
you’re stare is like this it be weird..

He will probably avoid looking at you.
So relax, smile and change expression from shock/nervousness to something that
shows you are interested in him.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why should a woman ask a man out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Because you can be way ahead of other women who stare, do nothing,
hoping as you just go and get it done.
2. Because you won’t need to ever go through the frustrations of wondering
with all these hints and signals. You can ﬁnd out it’s a YES or NO
instantly while other still whine all day but really never wanted to follow
through anyway. They just wanted to hold onto the feelings, the fanasy
and not the real deal.
3. Because you don’t want to emotionally invest lots of time, eﬀort, fantasy,
images in your mind that gets chemicals going to create attachement

when you have yet to get a YES. The faster you do it, the faster you know
where you stand and the rejection if it happens won’t hurt you as bad.
4. Because one thing is for sure….the last thing you need is you carrying the
burden of “what if,” and believe me the amount of women who carry that
today and talk about how they met this guy 2, 5, 10, 20 years ago and was
nervous to say anything, is a lot. You don’t want to be telling that story.
5. Because you can while others fear and live in the “can’t.”
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I am a decent looking girl, 22 years old. No guy has ever asked
me out. Is it possible that guys are attracted to me but are not
asking me out? I am shy around guys in general.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If you’re a movie star, then yes, some men will approach as you stand
there doing all those poses for camera and smiles due to your new teeth
implants you spend a lot on.
2. If you are popular in the mainstream and hot shot well known model.
Yes, sure, guys will probably approach as you sit stand there, leaning on a
wall, brushing on your new varnished nails like you got big guns, and
know guys will approach the way they do with princesses in fairy tale
books.
3. Yes, if you are famous pop singer and you got fans crying, screaming,
calling your name but then he has to get through the crowd to get to you.
But let’s say the fans haven’t detected you yet but men have, then sure.
The men will probably approach.
But if you are none of these, don’t even bank on it.
I don’t care how attractive a woman is. It’s not going to happen that much for you
or ever happen.
If a man doesn’t see a woman is fun, interacts and is just going to stand there with
a frown on her face and all shy, or head down on her phone texting….well, …this is
a moving world, about interpersonal communication.
The world you want, where a guy reads a woman’s mind hasn’t evolved yet and
you haven’t got thousands of years to wait for it either.
What do you do in a moving and interpersonal communication world?
You engage with people.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you ignore your girlfriend in order to make her jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t do it. If this is about your girlfriend, understand the damage you can do.
Understand that beneath the body is a mind in which can trigger negative
memories way back and it will crush her self esteem, even if she pretends she’s
ok. Even if she pretends she isn’t phased out about it.
The key is this - if a man is thinking of making a woman jealous using any kind of
psychological transactional mind games, then he is insecure himself. He is
creating a transactional mind game for strokes.
Strokes are seeking validation, to be noticed, to get validated and it can be due to
fear of loss. It’s to provoke attention..a response. That goes for women too who

play these transactional games on men.
Psychological games do not build intimacy. They create confusion.
Psychological games do not nuture openess in a relationship. Instead
frustrations.
Psychological games do not cultivate harmony. They create suspicion.
Psychological games are not lead by authenticity. They are tools of
deception.
Psychological games are not honest. They are meant to deceive.
There are times for example, I catch myself doing it and I get very dissappointed
with myself and when I ﬁnd out I have done it, it really is an awful feeling.
It’s awful because I just found out I did something due to survival not creative
mode. I found out my mind ran on autopolit when I need to be the captain of this
ship and I did it by going into a dark place.
It is not authentic, honest and open communication. It is deception.
Everytime you go there, a piece of you is taken.
You in the other hand is purposely asking or maybe wanting to know how to use
Psychological games and that to me, is very telling about your own self.
Instead of doing that, tackle the underlining issue within yourself.
Avoid doing these games because as you do them, a piece of you dies. Everytime
you do that, a piece of your natural being slips away.
Think of it like this..
You have now written a code that overwrites another code. Then someone else
works on this code, and they overwrite it. On and on it goes until it is something
else than what it was meant for.
Now that code, runs always in your mind again and again, and you behave in that
way. The more you behave in that way it reinforces the insecurities even more
until it becomes a habit and part of your character.
You might think you won but really, in the end, you have only hurt yourself and
also, done damage to the relationship.
If girlfriend is not interested, if she isn’t putting eﬀort, if she is behaving in a
certain way you don’t like then communicate with her honestly.
From there decide, if it’s worth even being with her but don’t play the
Psychological transaction games, because everytime you use it, you come from a
dark place, and everytime you go to that dark place, you leave a piece of you
behind.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

I am an attractive woman, very smart, and fun. Why do men
compliment me and then take advantage of me? I am honestly
trying to ﬁnd a good guy
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s like this….
Have you ever been in a place where you’re stuck, no job. You start to apply and at
ﬁrst you so eager to go for the meaningful jobs. Jobs that pay well but there is a
script in your head that says…

“Oh darling, forget these jobs. They don’t look cool enough. They won’t impress you
dad, mum, your friends and Facebook. You can’t buy that fancy car. You can’t get
that mortgage. Think about the CASTLE. Ooooh the CASTLE. Remember, you a
princess, and a knight comes, after Slaying the Dragons just for you. So tall, dark
and handsome, with ﬂowing hair. Think about the genes, the good looking children
you will have if you go for that big job with lots of money, that you don’t give a damn
about but hey, think of the fanasy. It will become REAL!”
If you really listen, you’ll hear that script.
Go to a guy who hasn’t got the hot shot looks, totally oppposite what you go for,
and have this idea of you going to date him, have relationship, children and all
that. You don’t have to say a damn word to this guy.
Choose whoever, just do it. It will terrify you on what happens next. It’s the only
way I have got women to see through their own script.
Now imagine it, like you are going to ask him out, feel all that feeling.
Now watch what happens. You begin to feel like something is pulling you back so
hard. You can feel your script.
Then you ACTUALLY HEAR THE SCRIPT!
You feel like there are two women inside of you, battling it out. The socially
culturally conditioned woman but the Natural woman is chained inside you,
caged, held down by the script.
You can feel her, you can hear her crying out to you to let her free whenever you
want to do something but the script of fear, of insecurities, of deep unconscious
noise of what someone once said you cannot achieve, what men are, what to go
for, or a memory of a pain when you tried to do that one action begins to replay
over and over, and over again.
You begin to wonder, what other scripts have ruled your life.
Because it can be like most people who ﬁgure this out, that your life changes, the
goals in life changes, type of jobs changes, even the type of friends change, the
tons of people on Facebook changes to true friends, real friends, than people who
won’t give a damn about you if you dissappeared.
It is scary. I have been there.
Moment I went to that dark place and changed the script, everything changed. I
mean totally everything! I had to leave so many things.
I resigned from a high paid salary job. I couldn’t do it anymore. Everything
changed. It was like this part of my life wasn’t my life.
But when I did it, I walked outside, and imagine a grown man, leaning back on
the wall, away from anyone, and I cried.
Not because of the job.
Finally, for the ﬁrst time in my whole life I am free in my mind, at peace and I can
now become that man I envisioned in my mind.
No one to blame. I took full responsibility for everything in my life. Not woman,
not man, not father, mother, government, no one.
I owned that shit, all of it as lessons for my life to come.
The exciting and the expectations of the fantasy script running, the programs of
mum, dad, friend, fairytale books, romance novels, hollywood movies, and what
society has been dictated and socially conditioned will always be there.

You can never remove it when it’s in our mind.
But you can always dilute it with new scripts.
Can you imagine, people have lived their whole lives but it was their mums life,
dad’s life, other people’s expectations and not theirs.
It’s like being in a relationship with someone for 20 years, and then ﬁnd out they
are not who they say they are. You ﬁnd this person you thought you knew has
been having an aﬀair with someone else for 20 years and you didn’t even know!
How on earth could that be. 20 years and you didn’t know! You don’t know what
to believe. You’re not certain about anything anymore.
We only behave to what script is running in our unconscious mind.
If you have a child and she comes up to you and said..
“Mummy, are all men manipulators, liars and do they use you?”
What are you going to say?
You call men that, and her father is behind her or not there. It doesn’t matter. It
will be her script and it will reﬂect how she sees boys and later, men.
What script you will give her, what lie you will condition her with? What will you
continue to repeat to her in the environment she lives in?
“Yes, all men are bad, liars, cheats, blah blah, and they use you.”
That script you are saying on how men use you, is not your script. You took it
from other women. From mummy. Someone. You heard it and it was so easy to
take and use it because it is comfortable to blame out there.
It is painful to sort our own scripts and when we do, our thinking will be diﬀerent.
It will be more productive. We won’t need platforms with questions, asking
strangers why, what to do, what does it mean.
We will know because we will think….
“Hmmm. You know, I need to just get better at selecting men. Now, how do I
do that. Let me ﬁnd out how from someone who knows, or read about it in
some manals, or try something out..”
That’s productive. That’s a winner. That’s how people who make a sucess in life
make things happen in job, relationships and business.
Imagine then if you said the same to your future daughter..
“Not all men are bad, cheats, and use you. Let me help you on how to select the man
to increase your chances of success. It will take time, you might get some bumps in
life but you’ll get better, learn, have the knowledge and skill..”
Which script would you give to your daughter?
Which script would you follow for your own life?
Which script are you following right now and where did you get it from?
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a girl likes you or if she's just being nice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I know if she is being nice or she likes me?

Do you want to get hurt?

Do you want to invest lots of time, emotions, dream fantasy building, to ﬁnd out
after months on end, she isn’t interested and have your heart feel like it’s been
stamped on and thrown back at you?
Then best you show intent. If you are attracted to her, show intent and she will
then show her true face.
1. If she avoids to answer. It is an intent she’s not interested. I don’t care if
she’s shy or whatever. Take it as a no.
2. If she says she’s not ready for relationship, take it as no.
3. If she says “I just want to be friends,” take it as a no and don’t be friends
just so you are hoping she will change her mind. She decided whats she
want but you decide what you want, as you are not obligated to be
friends. She’s not entitled for friendship.
4. If she dissappears or acts weird, take it as a no.
Then approach other women.
The faster you learn to show intent the less you will have women playing games,
or can be games on you, or use you to get strokes, or emotional support. Don’t
spend time assuming or looking for signals.
Show intent and screen them out fast to get to the woman who says YES.
Either a Fuck Yes or move on.
9.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys not talk to pretty girls because they assume they have
boyfriends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most guys won’t because it is the same reason pretty girls won’t talk to the guys.
They fear rejection.
Guys also know, that such a pretty girl or any girl always expects some knight to
do the work, and approach, and ﬂirt, and do all the stuﬀ.
And for her to then say “Oh you guys just want sex,..”
So now guys know better to avoid showing interest too fast, pretend they are not
interested in the pretty girl and that she doesn’t exist.
After all, does’t the romance novel teach that?
You know, the mysterious look ;)
Doesn’t all girls and guys, spread this nonsense that..
“If you show too much interest, say you desire the person now, it is desperate. Ooh
watch it. The guy just wants sex. Oh she’s too easy.”
So now guys ain’t going to do much showing to a pretty girl when they are
interested in wanting to date her. Now you got frustrations on both sides.
1. Guy pretending he isn’t interested
2. Girl pretending she isn’t interested
3. Guy doesn’t say he desires her because it might seem desperate
4. Girl doesn’t smile and show interest because it looks too easy
5. Guy doesn’t say he desires her because it looks so needy

6. Girl doesn’t say she desires him because “good girls” don’t do that
Pretty girls also got big competition..
1. Tinder
2. Dating websites
3. Night clubs
4. Parties
So guys will take the least resistence.
“Stuﬀ it. Tinder it is…swipe…swipe..”
Hey, isn’t that what girls and women wanted?
To be left alone.
You are now…left alone.
Now guys will just focus on girls who are conﬁdent to advertise not on here, on
“why they are datable,” meh, no.
They use Tinder.
Ding! Oh I got me a new message and I didn’t even have to approach a woman,
converse with her in street or wonder if she’s interested or not.
Welcome to the 21st century where men do not take risks anymore because we
can’t be assed with reading signals and hints.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when every time I compliment this girl she
asks if I'm making fun of her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s her script playing in her mind…
“I’m unworthy of compliment. I’m not beautiful. I don’t have a great personality. All
men are bad. All guys just want sex from me. They lie all the time..”
Don’t compliment her anymore because if all she does is throw it in your face and
thinks your lying, due to her own insecurities, best to not compliment anymore.
She has some growing to do and won’t be ready for much dating or relationship.
That tells you alot about how she sees herself.
If you do ever converse with her and let’s say something happens, a connection,
she will ﬁnd ways to self sabotage it anyway later on.
She will see your playfulness as suspicious.
She will see your compliment as untrue.
She will see everything you do as some manipulation.
She will become distant.
She won’t reply to your text messages.
The red ﬂag is already there and her behaviour is only reinforcing the script that’s
rolling in her mind.
It doesn’t matter what you say or how you say it, this script in her mind has been
running long before you ever knew her, since she was an infant and comes from

her own environment, and if she was in a relationship before, she’d have dated
some guys who lack much in making her feel alive.
Since its everytime with THIS girl, there is an insecurity issue taking place and
she has already categorised with her prejudicial thoughts she carries with her.
Whenever for example I compliment conﬁdent women, they always say, “Thank
you.”
But when it’s women who have some baggage, prejudgement, whether it is your
appearance, whether it is what someone else they knew said about you, whether
it is due to their past experience, whether even here, on Quora, when they read
your writing, most people will use that to reinforce the script in their mind and
project it on you.
These are the same who say, they can’t ﬁnd guys, no guys want them, no guys
approach them, or the guys on dating websites or Tinder are this and that, and it
just seems every guy out there is bad, but really, these girls mess up because they
cannot believe some guy will be interested in them for other things.
They hardly follow through.
So if you compliment on her looks, if you compliment on her personality, she will
either bring it up later as a negative or she will ask why you are making fun of her,
and insinuate something negative.
Don’t compliment her anymore and just spend time with girls who are more
conﬁdent who have high self esteem and self worth.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl talks about how a guy should say
how they feel?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s actually great.
You won’t ﬁnd many girls like her and not to put her on a pedestal, but she is gold
in my books if she said that.
Most girls will fall for this fantasy stuﬀ, fairytale, where the guy is mysterious,
hides his intent, doesn’t say to the girl he desires her because if he does, she will
see him as a guy who just wants sex.
Or someone desperate.
Desperate to me is someone who wants to drag things along because they fear
what other person might think of them. That’s desperate.
Type of girls to immiedtaley ﬁlter and screen out as fast as you can possible can.
She’s a girl who got her head screwed right and she doesn’t want any games, she
doesn’t want romance bullshit and all that most she has seen and probably
experienced from guys who drag the damn thing on for months because they so
worried they will lose the girl.
Her romance is guy who is direct. Straight forwad.
She is saying…
“If a guy likes me, he better tell him directly because I am not going to know and I
don’t want any of these games most girls and guys play.”
So if you desire her, in a romantic sexual way then say to her you’re attracted to
her and want to know more about her.

Just detach from the outcome.
Don’t be outcome independant and that way if she isn’t interested, ﬁne. Move on
but do forget trying to looking at what this or that means.
If you like a girl, say it.
That’s how she wants a guy to do if he likes her.
Good for her. Wish all was like that.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

She has multiple properties, a well paying job that can let her
relocate whenever she wants. I don't have any of these. Am I
doomed long term?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, come on now. If it was ok with you…you won’t be asking this question. How
can you ever sort your insecurities out if you’re not self aware?
Let me explain.
The script you use to cover up it is ok is..
“I am OK with that as such. Life has diﬀerfent plans for each other.”
That is a script that has been running in your unconscious mind to not focus on
sorting out the insecurities in you. It’s been running for sometime and you have
become accustom to it to not be self aware of it.
No, life doesn’t have diﬀerent plans for each of us.
Life never had plans for us.
Life doesn’t give a fuck.
Life doesn’t care if you live or die.
Let’s put it into a more simple form called…Nature.
Nature doesn’t care if you got plans or not.Nature doesn’t care if you are poor or
rich. Nature doesn’t care if you are black, white, tall, short, man or woman. It
doesn’t care if people die right now in the ﬁeld.
It doesn’t give a damn.
Nature, brings the storm, the heat, the cold, the blizzards, the tsunamis, all the
vaccine preventable illnesses, allergies, to a wide range from life-threatening to
every kind of danger you can imagine.
Nature only cares about reproduction and if any desires natures attention then
he must be good at reproducing in his ways whether growth of resources and
other matters.
Life. Nature has no plans for us.
This is but a script in your mind you are replaying to avoid pain.
It is reinforced by (behaviour)…you writing that question.
Therfore you do not believe it is OK but you say it, write to help you avoid
approaching a woman and to face deeper issues that you attach your self worth
with external objects.
Insecurities plays tricks always and we create lots of scripts to not face our
insecurities.

It is a script, a program, a game you play with yourself and within the world you
live in. You then put on a performance.
You reinforce this script by your behaviour and so, your behaviour contradicts
what you say you are OK about.
You contradict because you wrote this question.
If you are OK about it you would not be attached to the outcome and approached
her already and got an answer.
This is your own insecurities and it is covered with many scripts you designed
from seeing, experiencing and hearing from others.
There are many examples of women who have more resources than the men they
are in a romantic relationship with.
But also, she is only one woman and just because she might not see you the same
way, doesn’t mean anything. There are many other women out there with similar
resources.
You’ll never know until you approach and do so by detaching from the outcome.
Also do away with the script regarding soul mates, this fairytale must also be
eliminated and replaced with a more true understanding of life.
That life only cares about reproduction and no matter how people like to paint
man and woman into some fairytrale, biologically woman will go for a stronger
man in conﬁdence, not a man who puts her on a pedestal.
Because like life, like nature, pre-selection to reproduce is there, swimming ever
so quitely because human beings cannot stomach the reality so they got to create
fairytale stories and meanings to make sense of the world they live in.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is your relationship bad if you have to work at it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a diﬀerence.
You see, there is having to work at it and loving to work at it.
They are very diﬀerent.
There is an attitude you both have and that makes it lot easier.
In one relatationship with a lover, if labelled by society is an introvert. Doesn’t go
out much, loves reading, very romantic, into all that lovey dovey stuﬀ in romance
novels, selective who to mingle with and socialise with..
Now she’s always in her books, or playing piano at her house, or reading more
books, or crying over a romance struggle in a new movie.
With me she can talk on and on when she ﬂows with it. Though she has some
habits that can drive you up the wall with talking.
More on that later…
She needed help with socialising and she needed help with communicating to
others because not only is she an introvvert she’s socially awkward. That’s not
due to being an introvert but she hasn’t done a lot of socialising and gained skills
in such things.
Most mix introvert with socially awkward. It’s not so.

So she be so awkward she’d make you feel awkward as she stands there, silent like
a statue, not saying a word, or she’d say something, stops, looks at you. looks at
you looks at you some more for you to ﬁll in the gaps.
Now that can be frustrating in a relationship but…I love working it and so I’d
help, read tons of books on this, trying to understanding, communicate, lead the
conversation, sometimes ﬁll in when she stops, and nudge her for talk, and after
some years…she grew so conﬁdent..
Then she does this..
“So I was thinking..”
munch…munch her packet of crisps.
Me waiting and waiting and waiting…
“You know…erm…(munch…munch) thinking about it but…I then thought about it
some more and thought forget it, no use. It can’t be done..”
For someone else who doesn’t know her it will drive them up the wall.
But for me, I crack up laughing and then she cracks up laughing, and then we are
both in stitches because we can’t stop laughing.
Now wait on a minute..
I have another lover and she is completely diﬀerent.
She is more of..
“And this happened at work..”
Full blown story.
She would tell me every detail of what happened, who said what, does all the
expressions and I mean she won’t leave anything out. She would go on for 20
minutes and sometimes on the same subject for an hour or so.
Now that can be exhuasting for some guys but when she stops I do what she
loves.
I ask her question about it.
And oﬀ she goes and on and on, as she gets up makes the tea and hands waving
about explaining the story which leads to another story, and then another story,
all if which doesn’t relate to the ﬁrst story.
Then there’s Ninja. Her nick name.
I met her in a video game store.
Why I call her Ninja?
When I met her, she approached me from behind and..
“SOOOOOOOOOOOOO, you like this game, so do I?!”
I nearly jumped out of my skin.
I turned around and she was grinning.
I thought it was just one oﬀ thing but nop.
Now, when I visit her, she maybe up stairs or in other living room and then just
like that, she will be behind you and suddenly..

“SOOOOOOOOOOOO, you like a cup of tea.”
“I am use to you know.”
“Awwww. Can’t you at least pretend :)”
But arguments and drama most people I hear have, we don’t have them.
Maybe if we were really young, drama and all that, but I’m in my 40’s and the
women I date are young but very mature. They had enough of the noise and
drama from family home and so they don’t want it either.
Disagreements will happen. Yes.
We have our bad days.
Who doesn’t but the good outweigh them all and they are not really any shouting.
We are quiet calm and even when we disagree it’s very calm.
9 Views · View Upvoters

A guy I met online said he likes me and wants me. What does he
mean by that? Does he want a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t assume anything or take anything people say.
You need to know ﬁrst talk by talking with him.
Let explain why.
I say this to women. I desire them and want them. I’m a MAN, 40s, and I have no
time for women who want some long dragging along fairytale. I know what I
want, and I see what I want and I say I desire.
That means, I desire her sexually and I want a relationship.
Understand that man not people here. Understand where he is coming from. His
age, his thought, where he wants to go with it.
So ask him not the people, where he wants to go with it.
Because when you ask people, they will reply with the programmed script in their
mind.
It is ridiculous when a man says to a woman he desires her and wants her, she
now thinks that sex is only thing he wants. Of course we wants sex. You need to
then talk with him to understand his language and ask what he means.
Don’t brush the same brush with all men and we men won’t do same with women
either. Most of us men are direct. We say what we want, we know what we want
and we don’t play around with games.
Far too many as an example assume a lot about me when I write answers. You
cannot read between the lines. You need to ask him.
Also, you need to take responsibility for your sexuality.
You can say no with sex when with you and you can also communicate with him
what you want, and explain and he talks with you and so forth.
Take responsibility, communicate with him and come to an understanding as
mature adults without all this guilt and shame about sex.
This is about negotiation, so negotiate, communicate, share what it is you want
and he shares what he wants and then see from there. Make your decision clearly
from there not from what I say or anyone else says.

There is nothing wrong with a man desiring you, lust for you, sexually attracted
to you. Or do you want a man not to desire you sexually?
That is a Man and any who don’t like it and expect us men to dance around, lie
and pretend will attract men who are deceivers, abusers, and men who pretend to
be nice, romantic, and ﬁnd themselves later on in big trouble.
This man was straight with you and you need to be straight with him.
Talk with him. Communicate with him.
Don’t assume anything and don’t judge or label him. He was honest with you and
so, now you be honest with him.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend never used to workout. Now he is suddenly
working out. He says it's for his health. Is he really trying to
cheat on me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re a woman, then you have gotten use to the behaviour from when you
were very young and growing up to apply a nasty habit. Yes, it is a nasty habit and
that is….signals, hints, reading between the lines.
Like now, you are asking strangers because it avoids conﬂict, awkwardiness
rather than communicating with him, getting involved with him, encouraging
him and celebrating that your boyfriend worried about his body and wants to get
it sorted, and so he does.
Most of us men, do worry about body, looks more than women do. It’s a worry for
us and not because of women.
We let go and it can hit us.
The belly appears so fast you won’t believe as you get older which is why I hit the
gym when I was younger. I saw it in other men and I thought..
“Hell no.”
So your boyfriend, could have seen things in other men, other guys and maybe
read something, or was thinking about it long before he met you and thought:
“THIS IS IT! HELL NO! i am going to sort this out now!”
It can be a friend and so he got inspired to do so.
People change. As a man in my 40s, many changes happened to me along the way
and if my lovers looked for signals, hints, meanings in what I was doing, they’d be
going crazy.
Imagine for a moment.
You are with a guy who is an introvert. You met him when he was carrying two
large bags and a rucksack of books and that is ALL he owned as he moved to his
house. He seemed quiet. Not much to say but he’s pretty good with women.
You are now his girlfriend.
You see him reading…reading…books on psychology, hundreds of them, to
painting, to playing guitar for hours, to writing his own books, painting massive
paintings. All he does is work…work…work…work.
He’s not bothered about appearances. He sometimes doesn’t shave. He’s not
bothered about brand clothes, suits, and all that.

Then one day you suddenly see him change!
Now he’s an extrovert going out there, meeting tons of people, hitting the gym,
dressed up with suits and hot shoes, and all the works, as women pursuing him
like he’s GOD for men to say…
“What an asshole, what a self absorbed asshole”
To hear him reply, “Yeah, an asshole who is banging your sister. Don’t believe me?
She’s right there.”
You’re like, “WTF! He wasn’t like that a year ago!”
Year ago he was worried your brother would know but now…he doesn’t give a
fuck. What one earth happened to him in a year.

Men are human beings. Our values change. We grow. We worry. We wonder about
things we haven’t done. We change and transform into many men with many
masks, with values that move in and out until…we…ﬁnd…who we are.
We want to be the man we envision in our mind.
You are at the edge of a man transforming himself.
Encourage him. Don’t down him. Find out more from him. Talk with him. Hell,
slam a ﬁtness magazine in front of him and tell hm..
“I thought of you. I saw this and I thought you might like it.”
Don’t give too much credit to women.
There are more bigger things in life we men want as well and that is…to FEEL
damn good about ourselves and that is why we hit the gym. To being disciplined
and feel like a strong man.
To excel in something that is all ours.
Our body. To shape it, form it, by will power, knowledge, diet and battling many
factors out there in the world like chemicals in food, in the air, around us
everywhere.
There is a lot more going on than you think but you won’t know if all you see is
what magazine tells you, what other women who got cheated tell you or what
mummy said about men tells you or what society thinks of men.
You give too much credit to women.
We got other things that get our atention like purpose in life, health, ﬁtness,
looking and feeling good, goals, dreams.
No, we don’’t think of sex 24/7 but we do know women do because everytime a
woman meets a man or a man does something..
“He just wants sex.”
“He must be sleeping with another woman. Cheating on me.”
Enjoy seeing your boyfriend transform and encourage him. He’s ﬁnding himself
and doing something other than sitting on his ass watching TV.
16.3k Views · View Upvoters

If someone likes you, why wouldn't they ask you out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine a guy. He’s young and so one day he likes this girl. For sometime now he
has seen girls he is attracted to but never made a move.
But this time, he musters the courage to approach and asks her out.
It’s a rejection.
He gets hit hard by it. The memory of that pain is swimming in his mind. It will
always be in his pain and it is emotional pain. It hits his conﬁdence to a high low
and it does because he so wanted her to like him, to say yes. He built an image, a
story in his mind of what can happen but she said no.
As he grows older, he tries some more and he gets rejected again and again. More
of experiences are now pushed through his sensory memory to his long-term
memory and he sees approaching girls can be a pain.
He is now hesitant. He is ever so cautious. He does what girls do. Play some
games, transactional games, to see if a girl is interested in him before he even
asks. The way girls do and mess things up always and frustrate guys.
He does all the feminine signalling and hint stuﬀ.
He does all that orbiting stuﬀ.
He does all that hiding stuﬀ with words and is never clear.
He wants to say to the girl directly but he fears rejection.
He wants to say he desires her, he wants her, he wants to be with her, hold her,
talk with her, kiss her, feel her warm skin on his body too. He wants to show her
his world, his hobbies and places he knows and he wants to see her world.
But everytime he tries, his unconscious mind with the memories kicks in and it
says..
“STOP! DON’T DO IT! Remember the time one girl messed you around when you
gave her attention? Remember the time you gave time to a girl and she ghosted you?
Remember when you talked to this girl who approached YOU and then she
disappeared like nothing happened. Remember this girl and that girl who rejected
you on the spot? Why do you want to hurt yourself? She’s out of your league anyway,
she won’t say YES, she will say no or probably like most girls, play mind games, do
all that nonsense for attention and strokes for their ego for you to get hurt.”
The message in his unconscious sends a warning and it hits his nervous system
and his whole body behaves in a certain way. The body needs to cool down and so
the mind gives him a solution to avoid asking the girl out.
It gives him solutions that tomorrow is another day.
That she is out of his league so forget saying anything.
That he is not good enough, tall enough, hot enough, rich enough etc cetra.
He like most people is dependent of the outcome rather than realising, we cannot
control it.
And so, this script in his mind happens in seconds, faster than that and he
doesn’t ask the girl out.
The same reason why girls, women do not approach men and ask them out.
The question is, if someone believes someone likes them….why aren’t they
making the move and asking this person out?
Same reason.
Fear of rejection.

32.9k Views · View Upvoters

What if guy says he is not ready for a serious relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy says he is not ready for a relationship to a girl who wants position a man
to stability value, towards engaement, marriage, white picket fence, future
children… and has planned all those things in her head…..then best she moves
on. If she wants that label and he isn’t bothered about the label, then don’t try
and ﬁx and change the man. He’s not broken.
He is saying he doesn’t want these right now.
Not everyone wants to move in together with their partner. Not everyone wants
let go of their freedom and be with someone 24/7, everyday. Some of us like our
time alone a lot and our freedom.
Not everyone wants a relationship or labels for the relationships.
But you can move on and be with someone who wants what you want. Just don’t
try and ﬁx and change this guy.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How long should a guy wait after he asks a girl out and she
states she needs some time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This word here is what you need.
Intent.
When you show intent to a woman then she will now say where she stands. Your
goal is to get a yes and if it is not clear, concise, a yes right now, forget it. You
don’t wait for her. You don’t orbit around her.
You move on.
It doesn’t matter if she likes you.
You showed intent and she has. Her intent. She is not interested.
That is it.
She is not entitled for you to wait around and you can approach other women
because if you orbit, then the Pre-selection kicks in.
That a woman will see other women do not desire you and you have no options,
and therefore, in her mind, you are of low value.
Understand Transactional Games.
People play games to get what they want. One of the games is behaving as a
victim, telling you how hard relationship was in past so she can get emotional
support from you.
Psychoogically seducing men to get access to man’s time, man’s resources to pat
their ego. So you give her all the things like time, eﬀort, emotional support but
you will never have sex with her.
She will never see you as a romantic partner.
But if a man now appeared, if she is attracted to him, then all reasons she gave to
you will all go away and she will date and ride him without hesitation.

That guy won’t wait and she knows.
She is worried of losing him.
He would never let a woman know he will wait for 2 months. You let her know you
waited for 2 month! Your balue now is very low. Zero when it comes to sexual and
romantic attraction.
The other transactional game, is strokes
That means a woman will play the game in which she will play a role for you to
give her strokes, comfort, talk, emotional support, validation, attention and even
a touch on hand like…a….brother.
She only has to text and you’ll be running to her to give her attention to stroke her
ego, and then oﬀ she goes.
Best you move on because this is how guys get hurt bad. They invest too much on
a woman who isn’t into them and who dangles time, sex, and all that for a guy to
behave like a lost puppy.
She cannot promise you anything and so if a guy turns up and she dates him, you
cannot blame her for it. You waited. She didn’t promise anything.
She said what she wants. Look how she said what she wants without worry of
losing you, of you walking away and of you dating someone else.
But you…you are waiting around, worried of losing her.
She is just a friend.
Move on and spend more time approaching other girls.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I hate all men although I have never been in a
long/physical/abusive relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was a girl called Gemma. She never been in a relationship with a man.
Never dated at all but she always said..
“I hate men. I don’t feel safe with men. I hate them that much, hate them!”
I asked her, “put your hand on this crystal ball and watch the mirror in front of
you.”
She hesitated at ﬁrst but she played along with a grin, like nothing is going to
happen. After all, no such thing as magic.
The moment she put her hand on the crystal ball the mirror began showing her
programmed script, the performance she has designed for herself, the game she
decided to play, the psychological positioning and how it came to be with her
referring to a particular sex - Men.
She saw when she was just a child her father would shout at her mum and he
would push her to the wall.
As she grew older she had a brother who would taunt her and bullying her. When
she became a teen, she heard her friends talk about their boyfriends and how
they are mean, cheating on them, and how one of them slapped them, and how
one of the other boyfriend cheated on one of her friends three times.
She kept hearing the script from her mother..
“Men are bastards. I hate men.”

She kept hearing from her friends..
“Men are perverts, nasty beasts and players, assholes.”
And one day the father was gone but not before her mum was physically abused
and police was there, and she had to go to hospital to never saw her father again.
So early on, like all girls and all boys, before they get to adulthood, they try to ﬁnd
their meaning in the world they live in. They begin to formulate a ﬂow of ideas,
concepts and make a decision at an early age.
It be a predictable one, that is limiting because it is based on her own
environment, from experiences she gained from her own environment, from the
parents, from siblings, from friends, from other women, and from all she has
observed long as a child and through the process she has grown up.
She decides the game to play, and she decides what game to not play, and she
decides the psychological position and the sex too.
She saw the Psychological position about her..
“I’m inadequate.”
“I’m not worthy of love.”
“I can’t do anything right.”
There were some that were positive psychologiocal position like:
“I’m good as anybody else.”
“I like to ﬁnd out how to make things work.”
“I’m a nice person.”
She kept looking at the mirror she saw the psychological position about
other people:
“Nobody ever wants to help me.”
“People are just selﬁsh.”
“People will hurt me if I open up.”
“Everybody is mean.”
She wanted to raise her hand oﬀ the crystal ball but I said to her..
“Not yet. This is the ﬁnal piece of the Jigsaw puzzle..”
Psychological positions are also sexualised.
She saw how it forms a self indentity. One is general about herself and the other is
sexual.
“I know I can be an amazing girlfriend, an amazing wife but…I hate men.”
“I know I like socialising with people but I don’t feel safe with men.”
“I know I am beautiful but I hate men so much.”
She lift her hand from the crystal ball and walked away to never be seen again.
Who knows if she found her answer.

Something happened in your early childhood and so you developed a script. It
doesn’t even have to be about an experience with your parents. It can be an
experience you saw in someone else’s life.
Or information you continue to consume and consume some more until you
believed it to be true.

For example, I know young women aged 18 who date me I am in my 40’s. They get
along with their dad. There is love and aﬀection there.
So not all is about Daddy issues the way many easily throw around. They just
prefer older men. They dated young men as it is and meh, not interested.
It can be something you experienced in someone else. It can be information you
consumed consistently. It can be ongoing brain washing of words and some adult
or whoever you associate with saying..
“I hate men. Men are blah blah.”
I am sure you heard many a times…
“Men only want sex.”
You are of your environment and so that can also impact your script and
condition you to believe that to be so and you take on the script of someone else,
develop it more and the performance begins in you playing that role through your
life.
It becomes a program that runs all the time and you reinforce this script by what
you continue to say and by your behaviour.
So much so, it becomes part of you.
It becomes one of the masks you wear in the social world.
It becomes who you think you are and what you think you believe to be true.
Best you see a therapist because this is all but knowledge, information and
should not be taken as some diagnosis. That is only for professionals to do and so
seek professional help and hopefully you ﬁnd the answer to why.
One thing is for sure - hating anyone is not healthy.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl and she also likes me but she asks me to act like her
closed friend for a year bc she doesn't want a relationship yet.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s not into you. Move on. This will happen if you stick around orbiting around
her..
1. You spend more time with her and become her emotional tampon
2. She will tell you all her stories about her past relationship and you will
think she does it because she is so into you. Nop. She us using you to get
nothing more than emotional support
3. Comfort only will develop and that comfort will and has already
categorised you as nothing but platonic, as a friend, like a brother
4. You will have followed the Disney eﬀect that there is one girl, a soul
mate, one girl on planet earth and held your life back for her.
5. She will later ﬁnish her studies and ﬂy away and she will tell you that she
only saw you as a friend, and didn’t promise anything to you. You are to
ﬁll nothing more than a void for emotional support. One year studies
and when done, she will be gone.
6. You will ﬁnd she is dating someone else and then you will feel the pain of
rejection 100 times fold because you emotionally invested in a girl who is
not interested in you enough to date you.

I know it sounds harsh mate. I know it sounds blunt and harsh but take it from a
man who is years ahead of you, in my 40s with lots of experience in girls and
women.
This will not turn good for you and will hurt you so bad you will curse the day you
ever set eyes on her and it won’t be her fault.
She is only doing what girls do.
To survive. To avoid conﬂict. To not say no. Just in case a guy goes ballistic and
then use him for emotional support and nothing else.
Move on.
You’re wasting time and approach other girls.
She can wait and be friends with you, no problem if you wish but approach other
girls because no girl dates a guy who is orbiting around her like a lost puppy. Girls
are attracted to guys of value and who have options.
The more you put time with her, texting, talking on phone and meeting, will
show biologically, no girl desires you.
Move on if you don’t want to get hurt.
She said what she wants.
See that? See how she says what she wants without any consideration for what
you want?
She didn’t hold back saying what she wants.
She didn’t care about what you want.
She didn’t care about losing you.
She didn’t care about losing you to another girl.
Yet here you are caring about losing her. Therefore, she already seen how she is of
higher value than you.
And if you even try and wait for a year and this gives a message you are doing so
to wait for her, your value lowers even further in her eyes.
Never put your life on hold for a girl who doesn’t desire you because if some guy
comes and she is so attacted to him, believe she won’t say anything about studies.
She will be up for it.
7 Views · View Upvoters

If I invite a guy to eat, is it a date?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I would see it as you road block, in which there is no clarity in you telling me
you desire me in that way. Therefore, I will categorise you as nothing more than a
friend and I won’t do anything but a hug….IF…I was that guy.
I’m not that guy as no guy is same as each other.
If I was him, and you invited me I will ﬂirt with you, I will ﬁnd out right there and
then what is your intent, I will make sure it is romantical sexual attraction or not,
and if it is, I will ensure it so right there and you be clear what it is you want as
well.
Before we meet I’d have used text and phone too to sexualise, role play and
increase the sexual tension even more.

It’s called having balls.
Men lead and they do not leave it to chance or to women to lead because most
women are not that good at leading in dating.
He has not lead and we won’t be ending it with a hug, I’ll be sexualising my
behaviour with touch, kiss and so forth.
Because this is what happens when you don’t show clear intent and it’s
ambigious. It leads to try to read minds and if the guy is passive, like this guy is, it
makes it even worse, and you can be investing time, eﬀort to later ﬁnd..
“Oh I didn’t see you in that way but just a friend.”
The same way women like attention and validation, is same way some guys do as
well. Only way to stop that is make sure you make it clear.
Sadly, this is going to frustrate you to no end and if this guy is also interested in
you, he will also get frustrated, get bored, and after a few more dates, he’ll not
bother. He’ll lose interest.
So best thing to do, start behaving as lover.
Be honest with each other. Let him know you’re into him. Be authentic. Leave all
the games, hints and subtle messages.
It just drag things so long and it’s frustrating.
Let him know you are attracted to him, ﬂirt, role play, get him to know.
Right now I just see two friends not lovers because you’re both not behaving as
lovers but behaving platonic, hug…hug.
Platonic.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What advice about sex would an older man (40+) give to a 24
year old man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Compatibility.
You like sex? Ok then. Don’t apologise for it and don’t let anyone try to
dictate to you to apologise for it. If a woman has no sexual drive, if she is
telling you she is not into sex, do not try and ﬁx, and change. Love is not
enough so stop that and be with a woman who is compatible, who desires
sex as you do, and loves it as you do.
2. Communicate
You are now with a woman who is sexual, desires sex as you do.
Communicate, learn about what she desires. You must lead because
most women worry that the man will judge her.
I lead, I let her know by me saying what I desire, I ask the questions that
most men will tremble before asking it due to fear of oﬀending. I ask
because I care and I want to know. From day one, when a woman knew
me in seconds, I am behaving as a lover and so it is easy for her to
communicate all she desires, detailing all.
I have a lover as an example who even detailed all she desires, like a
chart, with stars on what her favourite, what her MOST favourite postion,
what she doesn’t like, and what she loves the most, and her fantasies she
desires to experience but hasn’t yet and wants to with me. Lead and
communicate, let her feel she can trust you and don’t break that trust.

You want her to open up, then you be more open to such she knows she
cannot do or say anything to embrass herself. You have gone far for her
to ever think that.
3. Boundaries
This is very important. Know what she doesn’t want and you too know
what you do not want. Make sure you got boundaries and don’t step over
them. This is how you also show you care. Don’t be afraid to know her
boundaries and share yours.
That includes protection, condoms etc cetre.
4. Imagination
Now you know what she desires and she has open up t you. You’re goal is
to ignite her imagination so she gets wet and YES YOU CAN if you learn
the art in conversing with a woman in their emotional language.
It is mind ﬁrst and body will follow.
Paint it in her mind and she has already shared what she wants tohappen
and all the kinky ways.
Now use the conversation, use the texting, use images, use whatever to
ignite her imagination and for her to go wild before you ever reach the
apartment. Be playful, be fun, arouse her.
You are increasing sexual tension to such she is wet just thinking about
the sexual experience she is going to have with you.
The reason you found out from her is you do not want to ﬁll the gap in
her imagination. What you say will be diﬀerent to how she imagines, so
you found out all the hardcore stuﬀ as well and now you work it to turn
her on with metaphors, role playing stories, letting her imagine the
experience she is going to have soon with you.
She too will reply and respond and role play with you with text, phone,
and when you’re outside be playful, tease, ﬂirt, touch, turn her out but be
discreet in public places.
It creates the sexual tension to get stronger and higher.
5. Foreplay
By the time you reach your apartment she will ripping your clothes oﬀ
and you with her but remember….foreplay.
You as a man can cum and done but a woman can have multiple orgasm.
I advise you to learn foreplay. Take your time to pleasure her. Make her
cry and scream out of pleasure.
Make her whimper out of pleasure. Make her groan and her legs quiver
and her legs feel like they are caving in as you have her pinned to the
wall. Don’t go right down to her breasts and her pussy.
Tease her with kisses, touches, caressing, like thousand lips, a thousand
hands and a thousand tongues caressing her neck, down to her collar
bone, down to her breasts, stomach, her thighs, yes her highs, take your
time. Tease her, let her body tremor, she will get real wet from you doing
these steps.
You will know all before this because she has already shared her fantasy,

her desires with you. So make sure you listen and you will know the
process to follow, to make her fantasy come alive.
6. Oral
The key is to pleasure her to have multiple orgasms.
Be a master of oral and take your time to know how to do this and if you
listen and communicate, you will know what works for her.
21.2k Views · View Upvoters

How would you feel if an average-looking girl confessed to you?
Would you date her even if you don’t like her? Would you make
fun of her? Would you take advantage of her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. How would I feel?
I would treat her with utmost respect and say to her that I am ﬂattered
but I don’t see her this way. That I ﬁnd it amazing to see a woman who
has conﬁdence in herself to approach a guy and show her direct intent to
him. Not many women have such a positive approach to life and have a
great attitude.
2. Would you date her even if you don’t like her?
I would never want a woman as my lover if I am not attracted to her. It
doesn’t make sense to me even initiating anything or saying yes to a
woman who I am not atttracted to. It is an insult to anyone to say yes
because of pity. So no, I won’t.
3. Would you make fun of her? Or would you take advantage of her?
Why would I make fun of a woman asking me out no matter if she’s
average looking or not? She’s a human being.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys express interest in me and then stop pursuing me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From one man, personally….
Your approach was so far out it went way over their head and not because they
weren’t smart. You have a lot to learn about men.
We are simple and you complicated it too much.
You went to meet these guys and talked about intellecutual topics to see how
they…critically and form a proper arguments.
To me as a man, this what I’d feel..
1. Danger alert. She likes arguments. No way would I want to go further
with her. Cut this short and leave.
2. This is not fun. I just come from work/or worked all week and she’s wants
some intellectuall debate? Boring
3. She reminds me of my sister and mother. I want to be with woman who is
attracted to me not a woman who reminds me of my sister and mother.
4. She reminds me of my bro, my male mates, my buddies. I didn’t want a
buddy, a pal but a woman who is into me. Who makes me feel alive,
makes me feel as a man, arouses me with fun, smile, feminity, sensual,
tease and ﬂirt.

5. I wanted to date a woman who is feminine, fun, sensual, who takes
interest in me not some topics.
So course they would lose interest immediately with you.
This was your chance to get to know the man, see his qualities, in a world that
doesn’t because around us, all they care about is take, take take because we are
problem solvers, in debates, in intelluctal debates. hours after hours on end.
No one giving a shit about our feelings, about our talents, about our purpose in
life, about our imagination, about our fantasies, about what turns us on.
We got the mother wanting a debate and argument, sister wanting to debate
intellectually to prove she’s right and clever, the brother, the pals, the manager,
the client and the directors and shareholders. We are getting tested and prodded
here and there, wherever we go.
Did you ever thnk of asking what our dreams are?
Did you ever ask what turns us on?
Did you ever ask a man what one thing he’d do if he couldn’t fail?
Did you even ﬂirt, make a joke, lighten things up, touch, be sensual, show you’re
interested in the man?
Did you ever focus on just making the man feel alive with you.
We ﬁnd a woman who shows interest and we think when we meet it’s going to be
playful, fun, sexy, turn on, relaxed, fun but….
It makes us feel like someone is again testing and manipulating, and judging, and
prodding. It makes us feel we are in some familiar place like hearing our mother
talk, our sister talk, our nieces talk, our pals talk, all serious.
And so, when that happens we look at the woman we are with and she isn’t
special, she isn’t unique, she doesn’t make us feel alive, but make…us…feel…
dead!
She is like most people. Selﬁsh. Come to test, prod, not to get to know us.
All we feel is boredom.
We don’t feel excited.
We don’t feel our heart racing and pounding due to how a woman makes us feel.
It’s just cold.
We feel we are in a job again when it is intellectual debate.
Logic. Logic. Logic.
We don’t feel and imagine how it be like for her to caress our face, to speak sweet
words, the naked body close and warm, and the imagining of a sweet sexy
evening, the experiences of what to come that is intimate.
We can’t imagine the future of walking together, holding hands, seeing the sights,
going on holiday.
All we can imagine is a woman who loves to create arguments and is all about
herself, about topics, topics, topics.
Our memory kicks in and we see and hear only the banging of keyboards, the
manipulation within oﬃce politics, the hours interviewing new potential
recruites as we look at the clock knowing there is 6 hours left to go.
That’s what you reminded these men with.

They lost interest because they felt empty with you. They felt drained. They felt
like they was in a job all over again and haven’t left the oﬃce.
They felt the air of Masculinity, someone trying to compete when our minds for
that kind of thing switches oﬀ because that is not the time for such things.
I know this sounds harsh, but it’s not new that most men get really dissappointed
on how women play games, come in testing a man and not just get to know him.
This was a time for fun, to relax, to enjoy a fun conversation but it didn’t happen
that way and made it all so serious.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

How important is it for somebody to be interesting?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I knew this girl. 18 years old. To herself she thought she was boring, plain simple,
and well, plain. To others who knew her, she was just her, simple, boring, plain.
But to me, she was not boring, but interesting. She was smart, intelligent and
when I was being playful, she was playful too.
I would have dated her on the spot but here’s the thing.
It is always sad for me, when I see another human being who cannot see the rich
qualities I see in them. In an instant I knew the script she was playing in her mind
and the psychological decision she made about herself and men in general.
People make decisions from a very young age and with experiences they have,
they reinforce that script even stronger and unfortunately, saw that from the
second time we conversed.
In fact. I knew 100% that soon enough, her own insecurities will make her behave
distant, weird and just a young woman who comes with a Prejudicial idea when a
man of conﬁdence is direct with his intent. Most at that age, not all, but most fell
for the fairytale romance, the mystery, the guy who doesn’t show intent
immediately and drags the damn thing on and on.
It is not that a person is interesting that is important as much as the person has
got their insecurities locked down.
She thought she was plain, I thought she was bubbly and sparkly. She thought she
was just average, I thought she has intelligence, smartness, and I could see there’s
so much more in her.
But she thought she had to be interesting rather than being open emotional,
honest up front with her intent rather than not saying it out loud, and ignoring
and avoiding when intent is shown and following the social norms of today to
be…interesting.
Be honest. Be authentic. That is credible.
That alone makes one interesting.
It doesn’t take much to be interesting. You can be bold in your approach. You can
speak up when you are attracted to someone. That’s honesty. You can be true to
yourself by not trying to impress but connect. That’s authentic. You can be
reliable, consistently communicate, say who you are, be who you are.
That’s credible.
If all the things I ever yearned in women, after being sexually conﬁdent, it be
these 3 and these are tough to ﬁnd due to the games most play within the dating

scene. It takes sometimes too long for most women to just let go of the social
mask they wear.
Be honest. Be authentic. Be credible.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do we need art?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. We are creators.
As human beings we love creating. If you just look around, you see
human beings love creating. Whether it is a sketch, a painting, sculpture,
buildings and even codes for software, websites, books.
2. To communicate
Sometimes I can’t express in words but I can with my imagination using
pencil, paper but also I can communicate my feelings to my lovers with
paintings, sketches of their own dreams, goals, traites and even their
gorgeous curves of their body.
Creating and getting what I create out there or only to my lovers is my
way of communicating to the world and my lovers. I don’t have to say
anything. It’s all in one piece of a sketch or a painting and it says it all.
You can also bring something mainstream media isn’t highlighting to the
attention of the global community with art.
3. Story
I can tell story with one sketch. I can give a whole new meaning with a
story, that has feelings, passion, pain or joy, with a stroke of my brush or
pencil. And when communicated and shared, that one art piece of work
can create more stories because everyone who looks at it will look at it
from their own mind. They will see a story that that create from it.
4. Healing
To create gives you this inner peace. It can heal in a certain way to jusr
make you relax, give calmness. I feel the experience gives me a sense of
silence where I can just create and I feel at peace with myself.
5. Alive
It can brings what you just see as nothing much to life. It brings colour,
music, movies, dance, and so much more that brings so much
excitement and love to the dark world we live in. It can being people
together and turn a a town that is not doing well to a town buzzing with
life and economy.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do people ﬁnd their partners/boyfriend/girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It wasn’t ever about ﬁnding a girlfriend.
1. I know what I want in to do in life
2. I know what I enjoy doing
3. I know that I am high sexual
4. Therefore, I know the places to go, the places to check out and what do
you know, people who are similar to me,including women..are there

5. I write about what I am passionate about. What do you know! I attract
women who desire men like me and when they send messages, I make
sure to behave sexual and scare then living daylights of women who
wants some guy to be ane motional tampon for them.
6. I go to recording studio. I go to night clubs. I go to work. I go and do
work. I DO what I makes me FEEL alive and PASSIONATE about.
So imagine, you are doing your own thing and having fun, oﬄine and online,
being who you are. You meet women along the way doing whatever you are
doing, anyway.
You attract or you bump into a woman you see on your path.
You connect.
As you see, when you’re busy doing your own thing you’re going to meet women
who do their own thing too.
I just live my life.
I focus on buiding an incredible life ﬁlled with passion and women just stepright
in front and…”hey there…”
You don’t need to ﬁnd.
You need balls to just take action when opportunity arises.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a woman tells you "There's nothing
wrong with you, I just don't feel intensity for you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a woman says that to a guy it means
1. He’s boring
2. He’s too nice
3. He doesn’t get her heart racing and pounding
4. He doesn’t get her turned on
5. He doesn’t make her body tingle
6. She doesn’t get t wet thinking of him
7. He doesn’t live up to…her….fantasy
8. She cannot see him satisfying her sexually
9. She cannot see him as long-term in her mind
10. He doesn’t ignite her imagination
11. He’s too nice for her to be the Natual sexual woman
12. There is no chemistry, period
She is rejecting in a nice way to give the guy a pat on back validation to say..
“You tried but no. It’s not going to happen. I cannot see you giving me the sexual
and emotional experience I desire and imagine in my fantasy..”
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is one thing all guys love?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy is going to be diﬀerent. There is no point generalising. If one guy says..
“Coloured hair.”
You’re going to colour your hair?
If another guys says..
“Wears short skirt with long black boots.”
You’re going to wear short skirt with long black boots?
You’ll go crazy because you will be trying to be someone for everyone and that is
how failure begins. Trying to be someone for everyone.
For example, I don’t ask..
“What do all women love?”
I won’t ask that because I don’t care what ALL women love. I don’t want ALL
women. I don’t want half of the women I meet or who send me messages, or I
bump into wherever I go.
Instead I ask..
“What do I want in a woman?”
So for me as an example..
1. She has to be high sexual
2. She has to love sex as much as I do
3. She has to be sexually conﬁdent
4. She has to be secure and comfortable in her skin
5. She isn’t a woman who is worried about following social norms too much
6. She can decide for herself than let relatives, friends and society decide
for her.
7. She’s smart, intelligent, kind and compasionate, tender
8. She has a purpose and goals in life
Now If we look at the ﬁrst 3 on the list, I have already removed lots of women.
Women will come with a script constructed from the day they were infants and
growing up, from parents, other relatives, fairytale books, TV, friends, associates,
magazines and social norms.
So most I will ﬁlter out because they already come with scripts and psychological
position about sex and men, and therefore, they won’t be women I desire in my
life. Their behaviour will show this easily because a script is reinforced by one’s
behaviour and it is predictable because people who follow norms, who have such
scripts will have a pattern, words and behaviour.
Second, my behaviour will not be for all women but will deﬁnitely attact women
that are similar in my values, desires, likes and view points
My behaviour to these women is welcoming, loving it while other women will be
oﬀended, and all that about sex and will project some Parent Prejudical Ego state
and I don’t want another mum or dad. Nor a woman who is judging me regarding
my desires but to just walk away.
Third, you know exactly how to converse with these types of woman who are
sexually conﬁdent, smart and intelligent. They don’t expect some passive guy but
a conﬁdent man who is comfortable in his own skin.

The language then will be diﬀerent, the behaviour too
Fourth, it is now easier to know where such women are and how to attract them. I
don’t have to behave diﬀerent. I just behave as I am and any woman don’t like it,
it’s ﬁne, I understand. We are not compatible and they are not for me either. I’m
far to gone to bother with being all reserved, pretending we are not into each
other and pretending sex is not important.
No thanks. I’m not interested or apologise for what I want in a woman. Being
someone for everyone is a sure way of failing real fast at really anything.
So avoid asking what all guys love.
Ask yourself…
“What do I want in a man?”
It will make it a lot easier.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys like me? I am seventeen years old, I have a wellproportioned body, thick curly hair, and I'm not necessarily
ugly, what's wrong with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is planet earth…

You are thinking that you are one girl on planet earth. You think because you got
curly thick hair, proportion body, not ugly you will get the attention of guys. Sure
you will, but we guys know most girls just want that - attention.
Getting a guys attention is so easy.
You only need your curves and that is it. You walk and walla, you got a guy’s
attention but to keep his attention and for him to approach needs you to be
approachable, sorry but today, girls, women are not that approachable.
But forget that. Here’s what is going on as well.
Girls do not understand that on planet earth are other girls as well who get our
attention….

So if you don’t get our attention, if you fade into the horizon, if you’re life gets so
busy, if you play games, if a girl plays hard to get, if you don’t show eﬀort, if you
bore us with how sad life is, if you don’t show aﬀection, if you don’t show you
desire us, if you take too long to reply, if you don’t walk over to say hello and
converse, if you dangle sex like a carrot, if you judge us as players..
Well, let me just say we got lots of options and that photo above is no
exaggeration. That is how it is.
Until you get the guy’s attention and keep his attention, and meet, and get
intimate and rock and roll, you best not hold back.
You best not stand there waiting for a guy to approach.
You best not frown, look at your phone, texting…texting…or even trying to play
some game that you are so busy.
You need to lock us in and your body, your curly hair, your not so neccessary ugly
face isn’t going to do that.

But forget even getting to that stage.
Think of this…
Imagine a school full of attractive girls and average looking girls. Imagine college
and it’s bigger. Imagine hundreds to thousands of them.
Imagine university….

Imagine, all the distractions kicking oﬀ and pounding on a guys mind and you is
one girl, sitting or standing there, unapproachable, like a princess, waiting for
knight to come to sweep you oﬀ your feet but it is not going to happen.
It’s not because something is wrong with you.
Christ. Mostly every girl thinks that and then whines how we guys are
objectifying.
That’s your psychology. That’s your insecurities. That’s what you tell yourself and
have been doing so for a while now. That’s what many girls tell themselves and
we can see it from a mile oﬀ.
We see it by your inaction, your behaviour, your shyness, your awkwardiness and
most of all, words that express negative views about yourself and about guys in
general.
Nothing is wrong with you.
You’re just not proactive enough and girls, women are never that proactive when
it comes to dating.
Most who say guys don’t approach them are saying the “attractive” guys they are
into don’t approach them.
But I will give the beneﬁt of doubt and say…
You don’t realise you are not the only girl on this planet and being
unapproachable, not taking initiative makes it even harder for you.
Can you imagine if a girl just smiled like that to a guy?

But we guys found most don’t.
Sadly, most walk away with a million thoughts in their head, troubles,
insecurities and dont…smile like that. Most walk like thet are scared, head down,
hands over their breasts, jack closed in and behave like we are some predators.
It’s a turn oﬀ and we don’t bother trying with such girls.
You can be average looking and if you smile like that, things happen. There is a
lot of distraction for us guys.
We take the easiest and less diﬃcult approach most of the time. We see a girl
smiling and showing interest. That’s much more comfortable than approaching a
girl whose head is down or not looking and not smiling.
We like a girl who is approachable, shows aﬀection, admire us and who
understand we guys live in a world that doesn’t acknowledge our talents, our
minds, our hobbies, our skills and so if you can ﬁgure us out and say these words
to us, as you converse but also reveal you are attracted to us, that to us is not…too
easy.
That is the modern women who ﬁgured it out.

Unfortunately, for so many girls, you don’t make it easy but hard and you lose
out. You are so into your head about your insecurities, about life problems,
college or university problems, whining about some other problems and
forgetting you haven’t got the guy…locked…in…yet.
If you do make it hard and attract a guy - see it that he sees you as a trophy, a
prize and it won’t last long when the chase is done. You will see him as trophy too
and like the guy you chased, it will get boring.
You will dream and fantasize about some man, who can make you feel alive and
make you feel like a woman. Giving that tender touch, slow kisses, touches,
loving, words to ignite your imagination.
So you will probably spend time reading those romance novels to feel all those
feelings. But when you close those romance novels or the hollywood movie is
ﬁnished, it doesn’t change where you are at.
Those feelings as well will stop and all it be is fantasy.
You have a lot of competition and all you are doing is what girls who don’t get
dates do. You think it’s in the details.
1. I am 17 years old, Details.
2. I’ve got proportion body. Details.
3. I’ve got thick curly hair. Details.
4. I am not neccerssarily ugly. Details.
Look around you, you’ll see plenty of girls who got proportion body, thick curly
hair, not necessarily ugly.
You haven’t mentioned anything like..
1. I see guys and I smile at them and turn my body and walk a few steps
forward. I do that 10 times a day with diﬀerent guys.
2. I am proactive. I approach guys and talk. I do that mostly every week.
3. I am approachable because I socialise with guys
4. And this is what I say to them and do when conversing.
Nothing whatsoever except details.
It’s the same old problem.
You fear…rejection.
You’re unapproachable,
You want all that princess, romantic stuﬀ, where guys come over like knights,
sweep you oﬀ your feet and take you to the castle.
Because your are so fragile, princess, and so a princess never asks a guy out. Oh
no. A princess never makes a move on a guy.
Oh can’t do that, it’s just not proper. It will break the fantasy and the story won’’t
sound good when other girls ask..
“So how did you meet?”
You don’t want to reply..
“I saw him and I approached him, talked with him, ﬂirted, and smiled, bit my lips,
gave him that sexy walk, the touch on arms, had a great conversation and ﬁred his
imagination on what can happen. It worked! That’s it.”

Because the girls will think..
“OMG! You’re so easy,”
They’ll say “awww so sweet,” but really behind your back they’d be saying
something totally diﬀerent. Not like their story is fantastic.
No, you’re conﬁdent is what you are if that’s what you do. If you take intiative and
be more approachable. If you realise nothing is wrong with you and start using
your personality to get out there and talk.
At least smile. Turn your body to the guy and walk a few steps.
Much of the hard to get games, signalling are there to keep girls way back, so the
competition can get the guys.
They don’t care if everyone thinks they are “bad girls,” because they grew up
realising there is no such thing. There is only sexually conﬁdent girls. There is
only girls who are conﬁdent in their own skin.
There is only a girl who knows how to attract a guy by being proactive and a girl
who isn’t willing to get out of her comfort zone.
They know what happens if you stand in the shadow and do nothing, thinking
your hair, body, face is going to do it.
They know if you do nothing then lots of guys fear rejection so they got to be
proactive and do something diﬀerent than what they have been doing.
They know if they follow the crowd of girls, doing all those signalling, hints,
being all shy, awkward, not talking and showing interest, then this is the result..

Hey, if that’s what you’re into. If that ﬂoats your boat then no problem. That’s
your life. Do whatever you want.
But if it’s not…
Then forget thinking something is wrong with you and embrace the truth of what
is going on.
You fear rejection.
You are doing things that doesn’t work, so change your approach.
Because there are lots of distractions for guys. We got pressure, we got studies, we
got parents giving us headaches, we got friends giving us headache, we are
thinking about future, mobile phones, texting, tinder, stress and then there’s
girls.
Lots of distractions.
So you decide.
1. Make it easier for yourself
2. Make it diﬃcult for yourself
3. Make it extremely diﬃcult for yourself
Choice is yours but just remember, you’re one girl on planet earth. Guys have lots
of options today but also a lot more noise than years ago.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

I am a 40 year old male. A beautiful 18 year old female has a big
crush on me. What should I do? She knows I am older but I

don’t think she understands how much older. I look much
younger for my age. Is this relationship even worth pursuing?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am going to say to leave her alone.
No, not because of her age.
But because of you asking the wrong questions and and asking other people,
stranges, societies on what you should do.
At age 40 years old, I am surprised you even ask society this question because I
am in my 40’s dating younger women.
You’d understand that people have grown socially conditioned with
psychological positions and follow a script in their mind that has been developed
from their own environment, experiences.
All of which creates their perceptions, attitude to things in life including this that
you’re asking.
You ask one 18 year old and she will give you one answer.
You ask a diﬀerent 18 year old who has dated older men and still does, and she
will give you a diﬀerent answer.
You ask society and you’ll get diﬀerent answer.
All of these answers are not fact, but opinions. All of the answers come from their
own makeup in being brought up in an environment.
The real reason you are asking is ..
“What it look like to others in society when you date an 18 year old.”
If a question is regarding “but when I am 60..”
Mate, look around you. Look at people today who cannot even keep a relationship
going for 2 years, never mind 20 years!
People have no idea what they are talking about when they give this fantasy idea
about how when they date someone it be a piece of cake lasting for 20 years.
“But you be 60 years old and she be..”
It’s nonsense.
Look around how many divource in ﬁrst 5 years, relationship don’t go further
than a few years, some get bored with sex with each other, and some do not know
how to maintain relationship.
People so busy with their lives and haven’t invested knowledge and skill in
maintaining a relationship.
You’re 40 years old and you should have known this by now.
You think you’re going to suddenly look at it like some 20 years relationship, and
then marriage, children, with a white picket fence?
Look how people have this fantasy going on.
You already made that decisiom of sex and psychological position because your
behaviour has got you to be 40 years old, single, not married or not married
anymore.
So you asking whether it will work in future and on, is really irrelevant.

A man of 40 should be at a stage in his life where he does not need to ask society
about such issues but make his own mind up, has the maturity to do so. He
should be focused more on building his legacy and date whoever, 18, 20, 25,
whatever legal consistent age.
And women or men saying “18 year old is nearly a child” is disgusting and it is an
insult to young women of legal consent age.
They had enough of parents seeing them as a child at 18 to hear other people of
that age saying the same thing.
Since you are questioning her age, since you are already questioning the future
with her, you best leave her alone because these thoughts will continue beneath
the surface and raise its ugly head.
You don’t date young women because you now decide to do so. Men who date
young women have a certain understanding about life. They see the world
diﬀerent and their attitude is far diﬀerent to social norms to ever ask society what
they think.
They have the courage, balls, conﬁdence and live a certain lifestyle where they
make their own decisions and can stand up to them without ever asking anyone
or society for their permission.
You would know what to do but you don’t because you have already made up
your mind at a psychological positioning level, and sex level.
Your sex OK position…
“I like younger women..”
You’re NOT OK psychological position..
“But what will people think if I dated young women and what if I am 60 and she is
still....”
That is after all why you are asking strangers, people, you don’t know.
Therefore, leave her alone because this will resurface as you are with her and you
will hurt her. Men who date younger women have got their mindset together. We
don’t ask people what they think about dating young women.
We don’t need societies permission and nor do we need their opinion because
their opinion comes from their own reality that has come from their own
upbringing and experiences in life.
Most won’t even go for what they desire because they want it to stay as a fantasy,
a romance notion rather than going for it.
That’s the masses for you. Love to just fantasize about it but she is not a fantasy.
She is an 18 year old woman, not a child, not nearly as a child, but a woman who
has beliefs, values, goals in her life and these you needed to ask and ﬁnd out than
what to do about her age.
I have a rule when it comes to people asking questions..
When a person has to ask others what they think, regarding this matter, it is
already over. He best leave the woman alone and move on.
So best to leave her alone.
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people hate Adam Taha?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Jan 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is not about “why people hate Adam?”
Because people have hated long before I was ever born and to add my name is an
act in which gives people the excuse to not be accountable for their own
behaviour.
I am not the cause or the eﬀect of their reality or thoughts, or anything.
They are the creators of their reality, their thoughts, their own behaviour, and
they learned to hate long before I ever showed up.
People hate because it is human beings “primitive” survival instinct to separate
friends from enemies, from what they like and what they don’t, from which tribe
they belong to and which they don’t.
People hate because we have a brain that automatically separates things in and
out of groups. A brain that segments, ﬁlters, judges, labels, automatically in
seconds.
As an example, a woman, whether she like to deny it will decide on a man being
attractive to her in seconds. I am being generous here. Seconds is even too slow.
It’s happens faster than that.
Her brain has already decided before she ever saw this man, because her reality,
her perception, what is beauty to her, what is ugly to her, what is attractive to her,
what is this and that is in her unconscious already.
1. It has been socially conditioned
2. It is psychological, biological and also physiological too.
3. She has judged, ﬁltered, segmented, categorized and decided.
4. She has already decided her sexuality and psychological position.
As an example, a woman contacts me, does usual admiration stuﬀ but as I reply,
and then she replies, I see her sex and psychological position. I also know she’s
young, about 18–19 years old.
Her sex postion..
“I like conﬁdent men, men who know how to pleasure a woman, knows how to feel
alive…”
Her already existing psychological too is..
“But men are all players..”
Just a compliment and she now sees that as a game on her, like it’s manipulation
but really, that is her script not mine. I don’t need to play any game. I say what I
desire and show intent while such women do not.
She will like most insecure women, dissappear because she believes in the
romantic bullshit,the mystery, than a man who is direct, shows intent clearly.
And I screen such women fast because by showing intent immediately, it screens
these gamers out of the way.
So people already, no matter of gender come with their own psychological
predisposition and their ego states start to play.
All of which they developed from the environment they were brought up in and
through the experiences they have had.
That is why I am not into being nice, polite as an agenda for attraction and nor do
I hide when I am writing.

You all know that to write the way I do…gets you lots of warning and banned. It is
not easy for me to write without holding back because I know the world I live in.
It doesn’t like expressions, many thoughts but one thought, that doesn’t need a
person to think much.
I just come oﬀ from being banned.
When you are passionate and when you say what you mean without games, you
will of course get people your post, reporting it.
Nothing I write is not fact. Nothing and yet I can get banned because someone
doesn’t agree how I say what I say.
People already come with their own makeup in mind i.e. belief system, the game
they will play, the game they won’t, the role they will play and all of which is
about how they perceive themselves and how they dervive meaning by their
behaviour.
Their behaviour will tap into their past experiences, memories and their
behaviour that follows will reinforce the script that is…already…in their
unconscious mind.
Look around you.
You got diﬀerent grades in school. Groups.
You got views on who is a winner and loser. Groups.
You got geek to trendy, bad boy to good girl, rich and poor. Groups.
You got Harvard and Cambridge, private to government funded colleges. Groups.
You got diﬀerent cities with diﬀerent names. Groups.
You got diﬀerent countries with diﬀerent names, with diﬀerent ﬂags, with world
with diﬀerent religions, diﬀerent class system, diﬀerent gods, diﬀerent borders,
diﬀerent passports, diﬀerent types of names for diﬀerent types of sexuality. We
can’t even leave sexuality alone but have diﬀerent labels. Groups.
You got diﬀerent football teams. Groups.
You got..
“PC is better than Apple.”
“Apple is better than PC.”
Groups.
People by their primitive nature look for meaning to deﬁne who they are, who
they are not. It is a game everyone plays and pretends they don’t play games
when inside their mind is a script playing time and time again.
But they will say they don’t play because they are trying to impress everyone
around them that they don’t play games when the whole system and
infrastructure is built on that game.
They will say they don’t, to protect their sexual reputation to ﬁt in.
For example, women try real hard to not associate with certain type of women
and men who are sexually conﬁdent, because they are…signalling to other
mates…that this is their past behaviour, the past in which they don’t approach
men, they don’t have sex with lots of other men, for attracting long-term mates.
This is why the dating nonsense ruiles of not having sex on ﬁrst date, not having
sex until relationship etc cetre.

People hate long before I appeared.
Wars, business competition to pull each other down, mummy hating on her child,
father hating on his child, all hating on each other, neighbours ﬁghting over
space and wall and a tree, and who got the better job, better car, better looking
man or woman.
They don’t need Adam to hate, they hate already.
They either hate themselves, life, friends, jobs, people they work with but smile,
grit their teeth and hope one day they get promoted and ﬁre who they hate.
They hate the bad boy who gets the girl, they hate the beautiful girl who attracts
the guys, they hate because it deﬁnes who…they…are…and reinforces the role,
the game they decided to play long before they knew me or read my words.
They project..an..already-existing…pattern in themselves way before they knew
me and way before they were on here.
People hate to.. feel special, to feel like they are superior, to feel like they are
better than others, to pat their own ego, to feel their opinion counts, to ﬁnd
meaning in it to anwer question “who am I?”
People always look for meaning.
“Who am I?”
”What is my passion?”
”I don’t know where I am going in life?”
”Am I gay, bi, male or female, or…”
”Am I introvert, extrovert blah blah blah..”
Before a child reaches 8 years old, he/she has already made a decision what game
to play, what part of the game to play and how to play it.
They have learnt through observation and mimicking the diﬀerent ego states..
1. Parent Ego State. Predudicial You can see even a teen right now trying to
be a parent because the parent is acting like a child. The parental ego
state of crtical behaviour often comes from Parent Ego State. Nurturing
behaviour.
2. The Adult state. Problem solving. Rational thinking
3. Chld Ego State. Laughter, joy, curiousity and rebellious. Also the Natural
Child state can be aggressive, implsive, sensuas, aﬀectionate and self
centure. When adults combine their parent with the natural child state it
brings warmth and fun personality, that is loving and upbeat, positive.
The ones who can balance these to enrich and bring value, don’t bring hate but
rather love, understanding, empathy and those who bring hate do so due to their
own pattern of fear…insecurities…seeking attention and want to feel important to
get a response from the other person..
They have mastered this script and so, saying it happens because of me, is giving
me far too much credit.
People learn these Psychological Games from childhood.
The winners become self aware and don’t play these games and hating…is a
psychological game, of bullying, of seeking attention, of victim playing, of trying
to be a parent when no one told them to be one.
This is how it goes…

1. An individual Makes the decision
Children before age of 8 formulates ideas about the worth of others. The child
crystallises their experiences and decides what it all means to them.
When decision are made about one self at such an early stage, and so early in
one’s life, it can be unrealistic.
It maybe so, especially when a child basis it on the environment he/she is in
because the environment, the parents, the other people, words, what has been
said, anger, abuse, lack of love, fairytale stories, movies, books, what a teacher
said.
To also feeling abandonment which can shape a reality in the mind and create a
meaning that will be reinforced and become a pattern for many years to come
UNTIL they realise as teens or adults something is wrong.
Especially when she or her grows up and is in a relationship with someone who is
abusive and doesn’t walk away from that relationship for years or even never.
So the meaning now becomes..
”if only I was prettier he’d love me.”
“If only I had a better job, she’d love me.”
2. Psychological Position
When the children has made that decision then they make take a psychological
position.
Like the woman or man in an abusive alcoholic relationship, it probably be..
”I am not worthy of being loved.”
”I am not OK.”
”Men are animals, beasts, I hate them.”
”All men are beasts. I hate them.”
And the game she will play is she will be at some gathering one day, or night club,
or bar and she will do all her tricks to seduce a man to attract him.
When he does approach her she will scowl him, frown at him, and have this self
righteous indignation, conﬁdent once more to say..
”SEE! All men are beasts and ALL want to use me for sex, to hurt me.”
She might even drink a lot and then use that same sentence when she has sex
with a guy and feel guilty, and then on quora..
”I had too much to drink and had sex with a guy. It was unintentional. What shall I
tell my husband/boyfriend? The guy used me..”
Other Psychological Positions…
”I’m a nice guy, why won’t girls date me.”
”I am stupid.”
”I am inadequate.”
”I am nasty.”
“I am an angel.”
”I’m a devil.”

“I can’t do anything right.”
“I don’t deserve to live.”
They will make psychological positions about others..
“People are so damn good.”
”People are so evil.”
“Everybody likes me.”
”Everybody hates me.”
“Nobody ever likes me.”
”Everybody is mean.”
”People are amazing and nice.”
“People are cruel and will use you.”
“People are out to get me.”
3. Sexuality and Psychological Position
As they grow older, they also sexualize their psychological position to form an
identity. The self and the position can be general.
Let’s divide them into YES OK and NOT OK.
For example, let’s say the child grows into a man who is a coder and develops
software.
This is the sexuality…
”I’m a man who has a girlfriend.”
The Not Ok Position…
“I’m ugly and she thinks I’m Ugly.”
Or “Women don’t like me and will never ﬁnd me attractive..”
The Not Ok has been there long before the girl ever appeared and it his own lack
of self esteem, lack of conﬁdence, and attaching his self worth on his appearances
than embracing all he is and invest in learning to be better at what he wants to
achieve out in the world and not just his job.
The Sex Ok Position…
”Men are intelligent…”
The sex Not Ok position
“But women are stupid..”
The Sex Ok Position….
“Men who write on Quora are smart..”
The Not Ok position…
“But I hate menlike Adam Taha because…( ﬁll in the gap)”
The sex and the psychological position has been there before I appeared. It is the
person’s script and all they need is an object to target.
Once the position is taken, the person seeks to keep their world predictable by
reinforcing it with their behaviour. It becomes their position from which games

are being played and scripts are acted out.
The more servere their pathology, the more the person feels pushed within them
to reinforce it.
So we also include the “experience..” as a person grows older…
Experience > Decisions > Pyschological Position > Script reinforces
behaviour.
People hate and have done so, long before I appeared.
They hate because they follow their own script, their own game, decided what
part of the game they are playing and what part they won’t play.
They don’t do damage to me.
They reinforce their script and do damage to themselves.
Most people will hate but they do so long before they knew me. They are only
projecting their own insecurities, their own fears, their own script and their own
ego without realising it.
In other words, when a person hates others, they are hating themselves. They
have done so long before they knew someone and started hating on them. They
have been hating themselves long before they knew the other person.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

I haven't had sex for a long time, and it's hard to ﬁnd a
boyfriend. Should I just have sex with random men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will have lots of guy friends around you or a few.
You know, friends.
You can then try with friends to be Fuckbuddies. That’s the ﬁrst thing I would do
before you go for random guys. Nothing wrong with random guys.
If you haven’t the pool of men as friends then start expanding your network more
and it’s not so diﬃcult.
There are plenty of men who desire sex and women too, but most women just act
like princesses pretending they don’t know about sex or even talk about it.
Now if you go the fuckbuddy route (friends with beneﬁts) then sit down with
yourself and set some boundaries.
1. No dating with the friend. It’s sex.
2. No intimate texting and phone calling
3. No meeting more than once for sex. Expand your network with other
men and that way you have more than one fuckbuddy
4. No intimate love talk and all that lovey stuﬀ
5. You have sex, you have a shower, smile and out
6. No drama, jealousy and all that or you’re done with the guy.
Now you know your own boundaries and you can communicate them when you
ﬁnd a friend who wants sex too with you.
That’s the boundaries I have as well if it’s fuckbuddy.
So if you have small network if friends, try there ﬁrst.

1.6k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is so much smarter than me, what can I do to
impress her intellectually?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Failed in school. Dropped out of college. Tried university and found it boring as
hell. Not my way of learning.
And I was going out with this girl, who has a degree and she was doing her
Masters Degree. She met me doing my own thing…music…arts.
So why would she be with me for 17 years?
I mean she left her mum, dad, sisters, all her family to be in England. She left and
came back fast.
When she was graduating, she realised she left her key inside her house and the
graduating clothes was inside. You know the hat and supergirl black cape.
So she said..
Her - I’m going to be so late, what do I do?
Me - That window up there is small and I can’t get into it. But you can.
Her - I’m not climbing up those pipes!
Me - Stop being a princess and climb
So I put her on my shoulders, pushed her sexy ass up, and she climbed up the
pipes, through the small window and a few minuted later she opened the door.
Me - You’re my hero! Super Girl!
Her - Hahaha. I did it!
When everyone didn’t believe her, when she wanted to quit the Master Degree
because she had to do it in Paris and leave me for a year, I said to her..
Me - No. I want you to ﬁnish what you started
Her - But I don’t know I can and what about you?
Me - Hey, I will call you, I will write every week, I will stay in touch IF you do the
same. Just ﬁnish what you started. I am here when you’re ready.
So she packed and I took her to the airport and she ﬂew back and I got busy with
me life, and stayed in touch as promised.
Women I am with are so easy to love because they make it easy for me to do so
than all the bullshit games.
One year later, I was doing a gig, performing with the band, it was packed, on my
last song and she walks in with her mum and dad from Paris.
Her parents ﬂew all the way to meet me. They wanted to thank me because she
changed, grew and she did because much of self development knowledge, life
experiences she learnt from me.
That’s what you get when young women date mature men of knowledge and
experience. We want our lovers to grow and our enviroment and who we are does
that always.
Her parents didn’t care about the age gap when they saw their daughter
succeeding, and proving them all wrong. They didn’t care she was much younger

than I.
All they cared is about her welfare, her well being and seeing her happy, seeing
her achieving. They saw the results before their eyes and saw that I wasn’t there
to take their youngest daughter away. No one can.
But people will one day ﬂy from the nest and no one can stop this and one who
desires a man of value, loves him will ﬂy wherever he is and he will do same as
well, if needs to.
I never thought, ever, that just because I haven’t got a degree, another person who
has is better than me. Nor did I envy others either. I didn’t compare mysef to
people out there.
I believed there are things a degree cannot give and what another person cannot
give which is….
The girl ﬁnds herself growing when she is with you.
In all the things women ask me on how do they know when the man loves them. I
say always this to them..
“When you feel you are growing with this man. When he is your greatest cheer
leader for your goals and dreams. When he doesn’t fear you will leave him but
desires all the best for your life. When he supports you in the hard times, when all
around you do not believe in you….he is always been the ﬁrst and always been the
one to believe in you. When he doesn’t make distance as an excuse, or time, or lack of
money, keeps him away. That’s when you know…”
The problem is not that she has a degree and all that.
It is your own insecurities which gets you to focus externally and thinking
external objects like your look, money, degree is going to do it.
This thought comes from what we know as…control.
Controlling an outcome.
Control is fear based.
It is your ego and ego is your image, and image is your social mask but this mask
only exists when external objects exist. It only exists when the other person, job,
income, rank, status, popularity exists.
But what happens when you ﬁnd these dissappear and all you did was base your
own self worth on that you cannot control and can dissappear?
Because that is what you fear.
To lose the girl but the girl was never yours. She was never a property or an object
of keeping but rather a woman in which you love, and just being there,
supporting each other and building on what you have, on the relationship.
It is you doing what majority of people do….comparing themselves to others.
Wearing that social mask when that social mask comes from fear of not being
able to control the outcome.
Women can get what you think from any man out there.
But what she cannot get is FEELING and that feeling growing no matter how long
she has been with her man.
You don’t think she is now with you.
You don’t think about what attracted her to you in the beginning.

You have forgotten this and in your forgeting you will focus on your fears which
will bring drama, jealousy, possessivess and she won’t see the atrractive qualities
she once saw in you.
How can she when you forget what attracted you in the ﬁrst place and build on
that?
This same girl has been with me for 17 years, other lovers have been with me for
less time, 11 years, others 5 years.
That wasn’t because of money, degree and all the stuﬀ you are worried about.
Like comparing yourself to others.
That’s because of a value much deeper which you are blinded to not see because
your perception, how you see life is based on attaching your self worth on
external objects.
Focus on the relationship and what you have within you.
Be someone who supports when being with her instead of being insecure and
bringing drama to the relationship.
3k Views · View Upvoters

This girl that I've been talking to for a few months is growing
increasingly distant and not texting me back for days, advice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do yourself a big favour. It seems you have lack of relationship experience and
about women.
Here is this rule..
Don’t give her advice.
Man likes to ﬁx things. Woman shares and suddenly he is already giving
suggestions and all sorts when all she wants is for her man to listen.
It’s due to an internal mechamism in man, the white knight. Got to save he
princess from the Dragons, Ogres, Monsters and battle to show he cares for he by
ﬁxing things.
Just show empathy, listen, let her talk, get it oﬀ her chest then reveal positive
traites about herself, build her up from inside, build her self esteem, her
conﬁdence about herself and world around her which I will show below as you
keep reading.
You don’t try to ﬁx her life.
You are not her therapist and she didn’t ask you for that advice and even when
they do most of time, it’s not for advice but for you to ask questions and listen,
listen, empathise sincerely, listen, listen and empathise sincerely, and listen and
then reveal her amazing traites, her strengths, and letting her know she’s
awesome. That shows you care and love her.
But if you advise…try to ﬁx…then you’re not really listening.
The more you do that, the more you will be like her mum, dad, and all those who
abandoned her, judging her, advising her like they know more about her than she
does about herself.
Instead, understand what she is going through in your mind.
It’s not easy for her and she will feel some abandonment issues. This is not the
time to be a white knight but a man who makes her feel she is stronger than she

thinks but in a way I will show below.
Whenever she is with you or on skype, or whatever, be the one who is exciting,
makes her laugh and when she talks about her problem, you don’t advise but
show her you believe in her, you got all conﬁdence in her….
“You know, you’re awesome. The way you are standing so strong, with all this shit
happening, just shows to me how special you are. I mean look at you talking about
it and sharing it with me, and way you just held it all together, is just amazing to
me..”
Say it sincerely by mentioning her strengths.
Right now, her mood is dark, her mood will even lower attraction and much
sexual desires, Her mood will make her feel down, depressed and last thing she
needs is someone who is suppose to be her rock, giving her advise, when he
should be the mood guy who re-enegergises her, makes her feel awesome by just
listening, by smiling, by making her feel alive, by igniting her imagination, for
her body to tingle, her heart race, and her body pounding with excitement.
She is coming from a dark place, and you are bringing more darkness. Instead,
when she comes froma dark place, you bring positive energy, not advise.
Stay away from giving advise and trying to ﬁx things.
Only when she asks and even then, refer it back to ask her questions and let her
speak and get it all of her chest so she feels better.
You’re her boyfriend not her mum, dad, brother,. Behave as a lover to her. Just be
there for her to listen and she sees from you, it’s positive energy, making her feel
alive while world out there just drains her.
Try that and watch her eyes light up.
You’d be amazed how this works so well in regards to relationship management.
On of core fundamentals in relationships is listening skills but in a way you also
build someone up from the inside without even advising.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever met a girl who is so gorgeous that you don't have
enough conﬁdence to talk to her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, when I was a teen or in my 20s.
But when you’re in your 40s and you have lived the way most of us men have
lived…dangerously, adventuerous, traveling world, did a lot…then you’ve seen it
all and experienced a lot.
In fact, sometimes a gorgeous woman I see these days are average compared to
women I see in Italy, or Argentinia, Paris, or Spain Barcelona. In Barcelano,
summer time, you can see gorgeous young girls but then after sometime it hits
you..
“Shit, they all look the same!”
And you ﬁnd they do look similar.
Same cute face, same look, same style, same hair style, same style of clothes, and
everyone copying each other and now I am so bored shit…I am praying, just
praying, some bubble average girl from England or USA appears so I can snap out
of the boredom.

If you have ever dated extremly attractive women and had sex with them, you will
get bored, You will also ﬁnd it ain’t a big deal anymore.
I mean bored, as in, you get used to it, not that they are boring.
They are not boring, except a few. Most are really exciting, got great personality,
got a busy life, doing something with their life, got dreams, goals, but most bore
me due to insecurities, and their depression, and their ongoing fears about their
looks fading.
Like once I dated a model who was hired a lot for magazine. Introduced to her by
my friend who is an amazing photographer.
I expected so much more and found she was taking medication for depression,
and she was always on about her looks, and always insecure about her looks, her
weight, everything man, and it was just emotionally draining, I had enough.
So now, nop. I don’t have this feeling anymore.
I do in business world because I meet giants in businesses, and it’s sometimes
scary because sometimes, the shit they play on other small businesses is scary,
and the monopoly they got in some industries is scary too. I have a supplier and I
never know, they’d be eaten alive or bought out by some big corporation and it
fucks much of what I am doing up. That can sort of play with my conﬁdence but
women, today, no matter how gorgeous they are, no, not anymore.
There are more scarier stuﬀ i have seen in world and when you see these scare
stuﬀ, believe me, no gorgeous girl is going to hit your conﬁdence low anymore.
You need lots of self reference examples in your life.
Approach them, get use to it, it be one of your most boldest moves, and it will do
you good even if you just approach to talk, and have fun and walk away with a
smile.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl is playing with my emotions, I really love her, I am
emotionnaly suﬀering a lot because of this, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The process is simple but it is your neediness that makes it diﬃcult for you. You
attract who you are not what you want.
1. You show intent.
2. If girl doesn’t show intent back…
3. You move on.
That is it. No one can play with your emotions except if you do not have self
respect and fear of losing the girl. If you do these 3 steps when a girl doesn’t show
intent and is playing hints or hard to get, you move on immediately.
The suﬀering is done by yourself for not having boundaries and then respecting
the boundaries you set.
No girl/woman has control over you.
No one can mess you around if you got boundnaries and stick by them.
Learn from this and then show any girl, if they mess with you, play hard to get,
even behave any manner you don’t like, leave them standing.
So now, when a girl doesn’t show intent back, when she is not saying she feels the
same and she’s not putting the eﬀort in, move on.

You don’t give them a second chance.
She’s not the only girl on this planet and more girls, women need to feel that and
get the idea times are changing. Don’t give her anymore attention.
Ignore her completely and focus your attention elsewhere.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend gets oﬀended when I talk about STDs. Does that
mean she has an STD?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s oﬀended because she took it like you are implying she has STD. You go oﬀ
talking about after having sex, then it sounds like for her, you’re accusing her of
something.
That’s why girls, don’t want to sleep with guys on ﬁrst date and make it diﬃcult.
They don’t like a guy acussing them on something regarding sex. If you was so
worried about STD then you needed to discuss it, without storytelling and get to
the point of asking her before..having sex.
But you didn’t.
You had sex and THEN you start talking about STDs and now she thinks you are
accusing her of something.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What will I do? Girl said "I don't want a relationship, but you are
my dear best friend and I don't want to lose you" Is there any
chance remaining?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget what she wants. She decided, she made a choice.
So can you.
She isn’t entitled to anything and you are not obligated to her. You can also forget
all this idea that you be her friend and one day she will say..
“I want you.”
Not going to happen.
It rarely does when girls don’t value a guy and see a guy so easily accessible.
People man, human nature, are drawn to what is valuable to them.
People do not value what is orbiting around and so easily accessible when they
have disregarded and you are still there, like you haven’t got options.
When you stay as a friend, guess what?
You are saying to her you have no options and also, you will be spending your
time being her emotional tampon, like some standby, like some girl-friend, like a
friend, like a brother.
Best you get busy, out of her life and approach someone else when time comes
because last thing you want is orbiting around a girl hoping something will
happen, and all it does is show you’re needy and haven’t options.
So make a decision for you. Not her.

Don’t be a friend just because you think it’s going to change something and she
will one day want you.
She’s already got her eye on someone else and soon she be complaining about
him, bitching about some guy with you, and you’ll be seen as some platonic nice
guy giving her emotional support.
So decide what you want and don’t think about what she wants.
She said what she wanted.
See how she does that?
She easily told you what she wants and without worrying about what you want.
Without even considering what you want.
So she doesn’t care about what you want.
She cares about what she wants but that doesn’t mean she is entitled to it and you
are obligated to give her what she wants.
You then care about what you want.
Because if you decide to be her friend with this idea to win her back, it be
deception, second it be pain in ass, third you spend time with her…holding your
life back when you can appraoch someone else.
Because while you “being her friend” she will make sure to date someone else,
and that’s going to happen whether you like it or not. If you can’t stomache that
then best you move on.
You don’t want to be there like some guy listening to her sad stories about some
guy she’s dating.
If you want to be friends because it is true, you just see as a friend now, no
problem but I doubt very much that is how you feel.
Move on and forget…hope.
Hope is a bitch. It will drag you down in these matter. Don’t hope. Shut that door
and move on.
888 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl keeps saying she has had a dirty dream about you, is it
her way of ﬂirting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman I am attracted to says that, I am not going to concern myself on
wondering anything. I am going polarize her to show her true face. That way, I
can screen out fast or we got it rocking.
Saves a lot of time and I’ve never been a passive guy.
Girl - I had a dirty dream about you
Me - Yeah? I had one about you too. It was awesome!
Girl - Tell me?
Me - Call you in 5 mins
Girl - Ok.
Then I’ll role play and sexualise to the hilt with this and lead it to meeting each
other either her place or mine.
4k Views · View Upvoters

If you ask a woman out, she says she's busy, and doesn't oﬀer an
alternative or text back, is it ok just move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s with “is it ok to move on.”
Come on man. Be a man and stop putting her on pedestal. Is it ok to move on?
Don’t be afraid to oﬀend and give a damn if it’s ok.
That’s scarecity thinking.
What’s your self respect say? What does your boundaries say?
Is it ok she says she’s busy?
Do you think she gave a toss about saying she’s busy to you? Of course not. So why
you worried if it’s ok to move on.
Oh, because she’s beautful?
Forget all that.
Be a man.
Think for yourself.
It’s ok to do whatever you feel and detach from outcome on what other person
thinks.
Here’s how I see it when a womans ays she’s busy.
“It’s not good enough of an answer. Moving on.”
I don’t think what she feels if I move on. I think about my boundaries, my self
respect and if I don’t get a good…enough…answer..for me, I move on.
That’s called having self respect. It’s called having boundaries. It’s called having
standards.
Her answer is not good enough.
She showed her intent in her behaviour. It’s not good enough so move on and
approach someone else, and don’t waste your time with her.
She has had her chance.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Does anything happen when you post your 100th answer on
Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jan 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Quora sends me a letter saying they are amazed by my eﬀort and decides to
create a department of special force writers who create content in house.
Promotes me as Editor chief and gives me a salary of $100k, plus pays for my rent
or mortgage, and also bonuses, and cars.
And the shareholders are so grateful, they send me me on cruise ship all around
the world. They even print their own magazines and they put your face on the
front cover :D
They also give you choice to take all your followers to exotic Island and all paid
for.

Be careful what you wish for.
Let’s say you got 4,000 followers…
The reality is you get lots of Mods warnings, people ﬂagging your answers,
messages with death threats, some women calling you asshole and player, men
call you a Jerk and Dumbass.
You expect you’d be protected and taking more seriously than someone who
hasn’t written a damn thing but no. Even someone who has done nothing reports
you because they have been assholes, sending you some shit message of curses
and you tell them, no they are a dumbass, gets you a warning from mods, because
such people can even have the priveledge of reporting you.
Trolls come at you to do just that and they call it “debating.”
Oh yeah, and some people create questions around your name on all sorts of
tedious negative agenda questions and some questions are ok questions, very few
are awesome questions.
Don’t believe me, huh?
Type Adam Taha on Quora search and see for yourself.
I’ll make it easiar for you..
How old is Adam Taha?
How tall is Adam Taha?
What does Adam Taha look like?
https://www.quora.com/unanswered/Will-Adam-Taha-ever-share-a-picture-ofhimself
What does Jake Williams think about Adam Taha?
https://www.quora.com/Why-do-some-people-hate-Adam-Taha
Is Adam Taha real life version of Barney Stinson?
Go ahead and search on Quora and see the questions.
This is the world you open yourself up to. A world that thinks it’s entitled for
answers and while they could have asked serious questions to help the
community, it shows you they don’t care about the community.
A world where most people who sit in the comfort zone, never ever seeing their
true potential and cannot believe much of what you write because they only see
their world and if you haven’t lived like most, that is all you see.
Even if it happened in their faces they will give some excuses and rationalising,
that kept them where they are.
So if you write, forget writing to get followers, votes, it will do you know good. If
you want results in other things like money then create your own blog, and put
your eﬀorts there.
Then just use Quora to answer questions and if some like your mind, want your
experiences, they’ll see on your proﬁle who you are and link to your own
platform.
But yes, that’s what’s waiting for you. Oh yes. Be ready now. You sure you want
tons of followers? :)
I am waiting for a question someone creates…

“Is Adam Taha an Alien. Is that’s why he is successful with dating?”
“Is Adam Taha being guided by inter-galactica forces and that’s why..blah blah..”
“Is Adam Taha a Time Traveller Jerk come to invade planet Earth?”
Then you get more warnings and more message spams, and more curses, and
more warnings and tons of craziness, battles in comment for people to not even
read the answer.
It takes more work reporting, deleting than writing an Answer.
So you disable the comment.
Then you get private messages why you disable the comment?
They ask…Is it because you have no guts? Is it because he hasn’t balls. (roll eyes)
It’s like some folks suddenly turned politicians using all the tactics..
“Is it because..YOU CAN’T TAKE THE TRUTH!”
:D
So yes, something does happen but it probably won’t be 100 answers, but maybe
4,000 followers and then, well, then it gets interesting.
You might ﬁnd some of your answers getting reported because someone don’t
like you, or someone don’t like the answer, or because they can’t get a job, or can’t
get laid, or pissed oﬀ because your name is weird.
3k Views · View Upvoters

When is the right time to tell a woman that I love her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t say anything about love. Not one word.
None of this.
“I love you as a friend.” Forget that. You’ll confuse her and not only that, she will
see you as a manipulating creep.
And for pete sake, stay away from her, don’t make her your life. She’s just a friend
not a princess. You got a life, focus on your passion, purpose and do not invest
lots of time on women friends.
They got enough nice guys orbiting around them as it is and feel so important
about it.
Be sparingly on your time with them or most get all up their asses with
importance and argument starts kicking oﬀ.
Dissappear for a long time.
You just want to be her friend? Then no talking about love. None. Zero. Nada. Zip.
You do not talk about love with the friend and mix things up.
People man, they got to FEEL good by telling someone they love them but as a
friend.
What for?
To feel good about yourself?
Leave it alone. Don’t confuse the dynamics of the relationship with that kind of
talk. You want validation, go and get it from doing something in world but not
this way. Leave it alone. Tell her nothing.

Making it clear..
Stop…watching…Bollywood movies/Hollwood movies ;)
Wake up mate. Wake up from this delusion that you got to tell women friends how
you feel for them. Leave it alone.
Don’t…even…tell….her.
It’s probably why she’s ﬁghting with you.
She feels you are smothering her, being too close.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

What if we as a society become desensitised to beauty?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it wasn’t beauty society is conditioned with…

Then people will focus on something else like..
1. How much money you got…(Greed)

2. Or…oOoh what big house you got…(wealth)

3. You’re so popular…(rank..status)

4. What nice car you got…(power)

That’s what will happen.
The focus will go elsewhere. That’s what desire does. It shifts to something else
because you forget one thing..
Survival.
21.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should you tell someone your feelings (you love them) in
university life or after you get a job?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You forget something that most men and women seem to easily forget. It’s like
common sense has left them when its about these topics.
Here is it..
Are you the only one, on this planet or is the other person you are attracted to is
exposed to a lot of other human beings?

When I was at school, way back, there was this guy who had a crush on a girl. He
waited and thought he’d do it after the summer holidays.
He says bye to her and she said bye to him and summer holiday began.
Then summer holidays was over and…

She tells him about this guy she met and..
“Oh here he is. This is Adam! My boyfriend.”
I only knew about her for a week, he knew her for two years!
You think this is bad, wait till I share the next one.
There was this guy, he was into this woman. He was going to tell her he loves her
BUT he thought he’d wait until he completes his degree and get a job.
Unknown to him, she is at this conference in a diﬀerent city and one guy sees her.
He has to ﬁnd out who she is.
And he does.
By the time the other guy tells the girl how he feels for her, she is already getting
engaged to some guy who saw her at the conference and a date for marriage was
sorted!
These things happen.
If you hesitate then you either think you and the other person are the only people
on this planet or you are naive to think you got all the time in the world.
If the person doesn’t fall for you now, when you haven’t got much, they are not
that great anyway for the future.
Show intent early but don’t talk about love, if you haven’t yet shown interest and
you both haven’t emotionally invested into each other.
It be a immature to do so and can create awkwardiness.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says you confuse him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok. So I found out who the guy is. I walked right up to him and you didn’t even
notice. You was too busy ﬂirting with the water tank ;)
I asked him and he said…
1. What the hell does she want?
2. Is she interested in me or not?
3. If so, in what way? Sex or is she bored shit with her life?
4. Maybe she wants a threesome. Me, her and my girlfriend. Oooh now that
be one helluva awesome night!
5. Which one is it? Tell her to convey to me clearly as I like to know what is
the point of all this?
There we go.
So which one is it?
What’s the point of all this?
Just let him know.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend won’t have sex with me because his heart rate
will go up, and I am going crazy. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It seems to be your both not compatible for each other. If he has some heart
problems and that’s why. or for whatever reason, and you desire sex and he
won’t…you’re not compatible.
I’d never be with a woman who doesn’t want sex with me. I’m not ashamed about
it, apologetic about it and nor will I try convince someone about it.
If I don’t go down on a woman in week, feeling her skin on my, hearing her
ground as she gets eating until she has multiple orgasms and then pounded,
believe, I won’t be with the lovers I am with. They love sex as much as I do, we are
high sexuals and we love to pleasure each other.
Of course you’re going to go crazy and if he cannot sexually satisfy you.
Talk, communicate with him and then make some kind of agreement, where you
can have sex with someone else. If he can’t give you what you desire and it’s
sending you nuts, then you talk to him, communicate and ﬁnd away or….break up
and be with someone who compatible with you.
You don’t need to go crazy but you do need to get this sorted right now, fast in the
best possible manner you can.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is sex the most important thing in life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I was dating his girl way back and after 4 months she says..
“I am asexual but hey, sex not important for us, right?”
“But compatibility is. We are now not compatible.”
“But love is enough.”
“Love is never enough.” I replied.
And we broke up. She could still have sex but she won’t enjoy it, and I didn’t want
to be with someone who didn’t enjoy sex with me. My feelings are most
important thing in life and I am not going to lie to myself or the other person.
Like wise when working in a job and having a good high salary, until one day the
manager wanted to act like a dick and others as well started to act like dicks, so
did the directors.
I resigned and took with me half of the team to a diﬀerent company, as they
slowly left their jobs, one after another to work where I worked.
Most important thing for me is my feelings, fuck with it, and we’re done.
So you have to be wise about things.
Life is short. I don’t need to be with someone who doesn’t want sex or enjoys sex.
That’s my choice and I am not compromising it. It doesn’t mean it is the only
thing but it means a lot of other things most don’t take into consideration, like
having self respect, knowing yourself and having boundaries.
Having also empathy in which you don’t want to string someone along. Even if
you have sex with someone and yet they don’t feel they like having sex.
People who think love is enough always ﬁnd themselves screwed later on and
people who think being loyal to a company that isn’t loyal to them get screwed as
well.
Lots of things isn’t the only thing but we have to also assess other things, like
feelings, like our time, like how we see ourselves, like our own legacy and how we

want to feel and how we desire the other people feel for us.
Now if my lover is ill, that’s a diﬀerent thing but then it doesn’t stop me having
other lovers and having sex with someone else. All lovers I am with know where
we stand on these things and it’s best to be honest from day one.
The girl who said she is asexual knew that and so it wasn’t surprise to her that I
said no, I am not going to stay in relationship. Others who do, well great but I’m
not other people and I love sex lot and it’s part of my life.
It’s not the only thing but it’s important to me and I’m not apologetic about it, no
one can make me apologetic and ashamed or guilty about it either.
It’s my choice and other person has a choice to, and since other person made a
choice about their life and what they want…so did I.
Everyone is diﬀerent and they need to assess from their values and what is
important to them but nothing really is the ONE most important thing. You have
to be wise and see the bigger picture and take a lot of other things into
consideration.
9.4k Views · View Upvoters

As a teenage girl, is it bad to have a high sex drive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with you.
Very Natural. It’s your hormones doing the most matural thing in the world so
you don’t need do any of that talk about surpressing anything.
In the world we live in, there is far too much social conditioning to get girls
feeling ashamed and guillty or worried about how they love sex, how they desire
it and make it sound they are not normal.
Maybe even start panicking that something is wrong.
It’s a deep unconscious thing and though you may not realise it so and you’re
talking about hormones, psychologyical issue, and high libido - this is proof that
teenagers are not being educated on these matters because society thinks it’s bad
to talk and start throwing all kinds of fear stories on why you should have sex.
Then you ﬁnd yourself later on where you have no idea about your own body,
what turns you on, what pleasures you and you just not that great at sex when
you’re an adult. You just haven’t the experience.
I am not saying to you to go out and have sex with every guy out there and even if
you did, when of legal age consent, it doesn’t make you a slut, whore or too easy.
These are labels and inventions to create fear, insecurities and used by other
jealous girls and guys, and ignorant people.
It makes you a girl who is sexually conﬁdent and that is it.
For now….
1. Learn about your body and get comfortable with it using your own
natural hands, ﬁngers and later some sex toys.
2. Learn how to pleasure yourself and have multiple amazing orgasms.
3. Read and learn about your body.
You have high sexual drive, so learn to masturbate and enjoy yourself, and
whether you date guys and have sex, that’s your business.
Main thing is you don’t supress and see it as natural.

5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do If someone shows interest but friend zones you
every time you attempt to make a move?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would…
1. Show intent to the woman. This is my ﬁrst attempt.
2. She doesn’t show intent back
3. We are done. I am moving on.
4. I don’t want to be friends and giving her emotional support.
5. I don’t have time patting her ego because all she wants is attention.
6. I don’t fear losing her and so I move on.
7. I don’t want to try again. Plenty of women on this planet and so I
approach other women.
8. I won’t orbit around her or even bother with time with her. I’ve moved
on.
9. And I certaintly won’t even bother with a woman who plays hard to get.
One attempt and I move on.
That’s what I would do.
The person has shown their true intent and so if this is happening to you, move
on.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

What were your high school sexual encounters?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this large forest type, lots of trees, deep kind of forest and so you, when
you’re in there, very diﬃcult for anyone to see you.
In dinner breaks, I’d go there with girls and we’d have sex, and sometimes it
wasn’t just one girl but two, so threesome, and kept it quiet. I was never a guy who
goes around telling other guys what I did and so the girls knew, that they can
experience all they want with me with discretion.
Also in evening we’d go there too. There were other places we’d go and we liked
the excitement, the rush of having sex outside but not in public view.
Then there are times, when I knew of a desolate house. No one was using. There
were quite a few of them landlords couldn’t ﬁll and I knew the son of the
landlord, and so, he’d let me use one of them. After school I’d meet girls there and
we’d experiment with oral, with all kinds of positions and some wanted to do anal
too, and I happy obliged. This was once a week and sometimes twice a week, and
again, there was a time when I’d have threesome.
Sometimes, I was taken to the girl’s house when she knew her parents weren’t in.
So we had in the girls house, bedroom, and made sure to be alert for parents.
There was once, where it was a call but the parents left as quick as they came in
and were just collecting keys for other car.
There is Church at the bottom of a hill where I used to walk, and one girl who
went to a diﬀeremt school, her father strict religious christain but one day as I
was walking, we got to talk. Next to the church is a youth centre and she snuck

the keys one night, and we had sex there. It was sex 4 times a week with her until
her father had to now move to a diﬀerent city, as it was part of his job and so a
diﬀerent preacher was now running it. She was amazing at sex, wanted to do
everything and I mean everything, which is why I asked other girls, so again,
threesome with girls.
Sex for me was and always has been natural. I was never guilty about or ashamed
about it. I was just careful in a sense other folks didn’t ﬁnd out.
One thing for sure, I’d never look back and think,,,”if only..”
I wasn’t bother about school, never was and I preferred learning in my own way
and I’m glad I did, as I embraced my sexually without being apologetic about it,
learning my own way and has paid oﬀ in life today.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think if I were prettier he would have loved me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Because infatuation is not a choice.
You see someone pretty fall for her, Kaboom. Chemicals.
Love though is a…choice.
I know this may sound harsh for you but I have dated extremely attractive girls.
The only ones I am in relationship with and love, are the words where there was
something much deeper because you get bored of the look, you have sex lots of
times, and you spend tons of time with the person, but then the beauty becomes
normal.
Suprisingly, even when I make it so obvious what will keep me with women, what
turns me on, what turns me oﬀ, what will make me fall deeply in love, most seem
to not listen except to their own insecurities.
Most women I ﬁnd haven’t the knowledge, skills and seductiion insight to even
keep a man, never mind a man to stay after sex. It’s not sex that is the problem. It
has never been so but many make it as such because they don’t want to raise their
hands up and face the responsibility that they are ill equipped for the world of
dating and relationships.
You’re ill equipped because this questions reveals it so fore the answer to you
would be so obvious. To even ask it reveals you are unprepared to even maintain
a relationship and the mindset is somewhere basic.
Therefore, such is the man you will attract also because if one thinks pretty is
going to do it, I’m sure then, a woman who thinks that goes for that in a man ﬁrst
and not something deeper.
In most women who my lovers and I met online, none ever saw my photo. None
ever asked for it either and I didn’t ask either, but they shared anyway and I
appreciate that they shared without this bribe that I got to.
Many I met only saw my photo at the near the end conversation online before we
met, and then we met. So I knew these women were unique, special and they saw
me not just as a lover, not just someone with vast sexual experience, and
relationships, and exciting and adventureous.
They saw deeper most women will never see.
Like one lover on here, who I never shared a phot of me and but she with open
heart shared hers to me and so much more. It was only a time span later, did I
share the phoot in which she said..

“OMG! You’re a 10!”
Not all of us, though we do love the look in a woman and beauty, go for that
aesthetic beauty look. We yearn for something deeper because we can get the
beauty, outside gorgeous look of a woman anyway. Experience tells me that if
that’s all there is, well, I will get bored. I have got bored before with models, no
matter how beautﬁul they looked and so I am very careﬁl in making sure to look
much deeper and I want the women to do same too with me.
The thing inside the woman, the thing inside me, the work we do because we
choose to do it, makes me see the women I am in love with in a diﬀerent light
than I did when I was in infatuation phase.
That to me, is still attractive, sexy, hot, turn on, and makes my heart race all the
time. Her personality is warm, kind, compassionate and I like her burst of energy
about what she is into and her showing aﬀection consistently is a key most
women do not really do enough of.
But it is much more than this…
It is the work we did, the aﬀection I got, the aﬀection I gave, the ongoing pursuit
in pleasuring the women I am with emotionally, physically and sexually. The
memories we built together, the commitment and conviction in which, while
most blame distance, looks, age, relatives, this challenge and that, the story we
created together and excited in creating, and all we overcame because we
CHOOSE to.
Again…
Infatuation is not a choice.
Love is.
I come with a certain type of mindset. Yes, I am a lover, love fucking women, love
it, love sex but I have these values in me that I developed, and the personality, the
understanding on how I see life, and so, when I am with a woman even when it is
in the infatuation stage, even when I am a lover type, even when I love fucking
women, having sex, going down on them, and all the rest…there is a core I have
developed and experiences that come with me, in which I look deeper into a
woman.
There is an experience, a mindset, a map in my mind in which when even in
infatuation stage, I know that I CAN be committed to her, have conviction, no
problem, and can go beyond her look as I got to know her, and I can fall in love
with her.
So a guy you know, does not have these and probably, you’re selection in the man
you go for needs some work. It starts on how you see yourself and really
understanding what maintains a relationship.
You can be pretty but the underlining attitude towards life, towards how he sees
things, his values, will rule how it goes for him and so, you can be pretty but it
won’t make a diﬀerence.
Think about it..
What person wants to even have someone in their life and be in love with, who
sees just their looks and is with them just because they are prettier?
No, the man who loves you will love you for something much deeper though yes,
he will be infatuated by you but for him to decide and choose to love you it be
something else like how he feels with you and more on how he thinks.

He would then invest emotionally, sexually, time wise, with conviction and
committment in that together you both work toward a process which is to make
each other happy.
That takes a man or a woman, to make a choice to do so.
Infatuation is not a choice.
Love is.
It’s a decision of committment, conviction.
Being pretty is not going to be enough.
Selecting men for nothing but their looks is hazardous for the future. Look then
for much deeper.
12.1k Views · View Upvoters

When you check out a woman do you make it obvious or do you
try to hide it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you look for in a woman?
I don’t think what women might think how I approach. I don’t care to worry
about the factor of control.
I think about what I want in a woman.
It gets me focused on me, my skills and my life. That part I do have control but
anything else on what women think when I approach, I have no control over and I
am not going to worry about it.
There are times I have approached women and said then most craziest shit and I
got rejections but then I didn’t from other women.
One woman will have all these insecurities, negativities, taking herself so
seriously while another understands what’s going on. She appreciates the
approach, playfulness and doesn’t care if you mess up.
She sees courage rather her insecurities.
So there is no point in me pretending and hiding to show I am some gentleman,
nice, polite and all that. I just be me and that’s all I got control over.
You see, every woman you approach comes already with a belief system, an
attitude, a perception, insecurities, fears and desires. It’s already there, mapped
out before you even met her.
You can do whatever you want, say whatever you want, all the right words and
moves but if her head is full of negativity, insecurities already…well, she will only
see this in her mind..
“Oh he is a player.”
“Does he want to use me for sex.”
So people already come with some preconceived notions in their head and past
experiences they project out there and onto people.
There are girls as an example on here, who I know, who never, ever dated a guy
and yet they got some ideas about bad boys and giving advise here. I know they
haven’t dated anyone or had sex, or been in a relationship.
So where does their idea come from?

From their mummy, daddy, movies, friends. They cannot even think ﬁor
themselves and yet talking like they know.
This is how it is when you approach women. They got preconceived notions
already.
Deﬁnition of preconceived notions:
An an opinion formed beforehand without adequate evidence. Synonyms: parti
pris, preconceived idea, preconceived opinion, preconception, prepossession
Type of: opinion, persuasion, sentiment, thought, view. a personal belief or
judgment that is not founded on proof or certainty.
This is something I have no control over whatsover.
Since I don’t have control over a person’s mind then why should I even bother
about all that most men worry about….the fear of approaching one woman in a
certain way because he might lose her because…because…because.
People will judge you anyway before you even met them because of their own
mindset, own negativity, own experiences.
You could approach a woman who dated some social Psychopath or Narccissit
and now, she thinks all guys are assholes, and everything you do, say, even if
you’re playful, she thinks it’s manipulatiom.
So you can forget controlling the…outcome.
I detach from the putcome.
I am independant from the outcome.
Control is fear based.
It is seeking validation, acceptance, in a mindset that the other person opinion is
greater than yours, about yourself when it isn’t.
So you’re always outcome dependant.
This is one of the Fundamentals on this issue
The woman I am attract to are sexually conﬁdent, who are proud of their
sexuality, high sexuals, don’t follow much of the social norms.
So since this is the women I desire then my behaviour will be far diﬀerent to most
men and women, and I’ll be in certain places most men and women don’t go to,
and I’ll speak in a language that is direct with intent most fear doing so.
That means, I am faster than most men because I don’t get hit with depression
over a rejection. I move on faster and so I will meet more women and converse
with more women than most guys would.
Most men approach with scarceity mode and approach women like they are
princess, fragile, like they will break and that is because they are attaching to the
outcome. They over-think too much.
When they do that they know they come from fear and they have a lack of
options. They spend too much time with one woman who isn’t emotionally
invested and who is playing hard to get or just got sex dangled like some carrrot.
Therefore, I am show intent directly in a playful fun manner.
I make it obvious. I am not ambigious.
I’m not apologetic about my sexuality and nor will I change or hide it due to fear
of loss.

It’s then important for me to make sure I am authentic, upfront and honest about
my intent because we remove lots of drama.
The process immediately ﬁlters out the following women….
1. Incompatibility
2. Unavailable
3. Women who have some negativity regarding sex and still follow acient
rules
4. Women who are not conﬁdent in their own skin and sexuality
5. Women who ﬂirting but show no intent, wants attention and that’s it
6. Women who wants platonic relationship
7. Women who wants emotonal support
8. Women with lots of insecurities, low self esteem, low conﬁdence, follows
lots of the game manipulation ways i.e. play hard to get.
It leaves me with..
1. Availability
2. Interested
3. Compatible
4. Shows intent back without hints and signals
5. Women who are sexually conﬁdent
6. Women who are open sexually and can talk about sex like it’s natural
thing in world
7. Women who will be open minded to share their sexual fantasies because
I can’t read minds and so I know and she knows the boundaries
8. Women who don’t make sex a big deal like it’s some prize or trophy
9. Women who I’d love to be in relationship due to similar values. ”
So in the very begining, I now what I am looking for in a woman and as such, I am
not going to approach or converse, or behave like most men - passive aggressive,
subtle, hints. Instead I want an answer now or I move on.
I am direct with my intent.
It saves me time and I avoid lots of drama.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What life lesson did your ﬁrst love teach you? Did that aﬀected
your future love life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It be this…
It’s not about what you need but what you already got that will take you
as far as you want to go.
You have been in this place before where you think you need to have the looks,
the height, the features this and that. You may have been in a place where you
have one skill short and you think you shouldn’t apply for jobs that pays well
because you have got that skill.
Lots of things you think and feel you haven’t got which parlyzes when you you
camn just do it.

I remember when I didn’t have any qualiﬁcations and I was going for this job in
College years ago. Everyone I knew said to forget it because to work in such
institutions you need a diploma, or a degree or a teaching certiﬁcate, and on and
on and on it went.
But there is always another way.
I ﬁgured out who the partners of the college are and staring networking and
began using my skills to build familiairity by helping them on on designing
newsletters and things that would cost them a lot of money.
By the time I applied and it came to the interview I had already built a track
record and a trust with the partners of this college.
The moment I walked in, there were people on the panel who knew me. They
were the peple I helped.
From the people who came with qualiﬁcations, degrees, I got the phone call on
the same day. I got the job.
You have it, you got it in you but so many people think about what they haven’t
got instead of looking at what they…already…have to build on it.
What I already had was desire, passion and drive to make things happen. That
with then going out to do other necessary actions opened the doors.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is sex before Marriage justiﬁed? What do diﬀerent religions has
to say about it? Can a satisfactory enough answer be given for
it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Satisfactory enough answer be give for it?
Why because I don’t feel ashamed about sex and guilty about it. I don’t need to
give any explaination to justify sex before anyone like something is wrong,
something to be ashamed.
I don’t need to conform to inventions or someone else’s belief.
I don’t need women to believe anything.
They either desire and compatible with me or they are not. If not, there is no
justifying needed. We just go our own way and leave it at that.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best thing that has ever happened to you for being
nice?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences

Answered Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I used to live in city where people’s spirit was down. People were not feeling good,
jobs were lost, factories closed down and things was turning for the worse. I saw
people losing it.
The way so many were talking didn’t give much hope for younger people either.
There were things that people could access such as funding but they didn’t know
where, how, what and when. Only the big organisations were tapping into them
while small businesses and people who had passion to do something in the
community found themselves lost in the lack of communication.
So I had an idea to lift the city spirits up but it was going to be a huge challenge.

I didn’t even know how to do this, and i didn’t have the tools. Nor did I have the
money for it because by time I worked, paid bills and tax took chunk, I didn’t
have much.
But I believed and had already had examples in my own life, that anything is
possible, if you just do it.
And doing it is what I did.
It was time for a mesage where change needs to happen and it needed a positive
voice, showing talents in the city, businesses, organisations and stories from
elders who lived here for years, and from young too.
I got to work visiting businesses and people in the community doing interviews,
stories, that were positive. Then went to all the funders to ﬁnd out information
how funding for people can be accessed.
And got to work typing it all and then designing the layout of the magazine.
When I came home from work, I was tired but I just hit the shower, had
something to eat and got to work. Everyday, 7 days a week, till 3am in morning I
worked on this magazine. I didn’t know how much work it would take until I
started it.
But I kept going day in, night out.
After some hard work for two month I got the ﬁrst issue done but now I needed to
ﬁnd the funds. However, the answer was right in front of me. One of the
interviews I did talked about a pot of money, lots of it.
So I went to them, showed them the work and they had to spend the thousands of
dollars or it goes back. They gave me the money ONLY for that reason.
The ﬁnal piece is I put a photo of me on back with a ﬁnal message to the city.
I got the money for the printing and when 30,000 was printed, I hit the streets.
Delivering each copy myself, from one business to another, from one
organisation to another, from one house to another.
I didn’t have a car back then and so, it was a matter of taken a trolly and doing it
by foot and sometimes by bus.
I gave the magazine for free.
Took me a while but as I got them all delivered and kept one copy for myself,
which I still have today.
Well, after it was all done, I didn’t think much of it.
Then something strange kept happening.
When I went out to buy something, the shop keepers didn’t want me to pay! They
gave me whatever I wanted just like that.
When I wanted to get my head shaved, they didn’t want me to pay. They just did it
with a smile. When I went for a drink at the bar, they didn’t want me to pay and
just served me a drink and said it was on the house.
When I went to the night clubs, the bouncers shouted me to come in front of que
and the club owner didn’t want me to pay.
They just let me walk right in.
I was now holding the key to the city.
Then I got a phone call and..

“We like to fund your second issue.”
I was at ﬁrst wondering how long it took to do the ﬁrst one. I asked for more so I
can hire people but they will only give me the same. I didn’t want to lower the
copies I wanted to print for hiring.
I agreed to do another copy and so the work began again, and through same
process, hard work, late night and printed.
But when I went to get the magazine delivered, people saw me and stared
helping. Some also came in their cars and went and delivered some. The second
issue went out there faster.
Though I couldn’t solve lots of the cities problems, people knew where to get
funding. They knew who was who. It sparked oﬀ other people to want to do their
own magazine, their own creative ideas.
I still, sometimes go back to the city I lived in and there are times when someone
remembers me and it happens again..
“Nah mate. You’re not paying. It’s on the house!”
And there, sitting next to glossy magazine is an old, worn out cover of one of the
magazine I did. I sometimes wonder how the hell did I do it.
It’s true..
“People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people
will never forget how you made them feel.”
I suppose the magazine made them feel something…

1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of things turn you on?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Sexual conﬁdence. Insecurity regarding sex or one’s own body is a turn
oﬀ for me.
2. Direct intent where a woman says to me “I want you, I am attracted to
you. I want to meet so you can fuck my brains out” is a huge turn on for
me.
3. Less direct intent can also turn me on like, “I really do ﬁnd you attractive
and I want to meet you.”
4. Woman tells me in detail all her utmost deepest fantasies.
5. Tease sex texting and hardcore sex texting
6. Sending me naked photos and I mean complete naked not just semi.
7. I had one lover send me videos of herself masturbating and moaning
with a message, “see you tonight.”
8. Sex outside but without in view of public and getting caught
9. Red shiny lips, looking at me and biting her lips, as she strokes between
my legs with her hand or leg.
10. Dressed in short skirt, high heels, and handing me her nickers, discreetly
at the a public place, and knowing she is wearing nothing underneath.
11. Dressed in role play sexual clothes.

12. Masturbating in front of me close, whimpering and groaning loudly.
13. Seeing my lover having sex with another woman, and me joining in.
Threesome is a big turn on.
14. Being in control and she is submissive, I love it.
15. Giving woman oral until she orgasms again and again and again
16. Giving her massage and she has an orgasm
17. She dances…. strip tease before sex
18. She wears lingeria under her clothes and when foreplay starts for clothes
to come oﬀ, I see she has lingeria.
19. She wears knee high boots with mini skirt
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

How would you deﬁne sluttiness?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t.
Because there is no such thing.
It is an invention for social control. Comes from nothing more than superstition
and from old religions, in which they believed that a woman’s nakedness attract
evil spirits, demons, and this was used to control tribe men.
Such was the fear these tribal leaders created, that men would not sleep near a
woman when war is the next day because they believed that he would die in
battle. And when a woman was menstruating, she would be cast out of the village,
because they believed it was the work of evil spirits, and she could not come back
until menstruating was over.
So they controlled their men with using women, and they controlled women by
using men. The women were also taught to not touch their private parts because
it will bring shame to them. It will attract demons, evil spirits and dark omen on
all the village.
Any who went against these rules, or what we know today as “social norms” were
cast out of the village, and none wanted this because they knew if they were cast
out of the tribe it was like suicide.
They were shamed before they were cast out by wearing cloth all over their body
and as a sign that the evil spirit has got to them….

That is why even now, the need for acceptance, validation, to ﬁt in is a dark
powerful tool in the world we live in to control society.
Modesty then, was never about nakedness.
Rather avoidance, from the jealousy of other women, and uncomfortable
situation due to men, and for weather and sitting on hard surfaces, and avoidance
from insects.
Now imagine this and imagine ships coming from other parts of the world, and as
they returned they brought these superstition beliefs with them.
So began the witch hunting in which state and capitalism, hand in hand began
creating inventions to socially control society, and one way of doing it is creating
stories, and when the printing presses were invented, and when monks wrote

these stories, they were spread all over for people to read, and so the story was
told, darkness came with stories of fear.
It was well designed to such the system had a new way of marketing this fear.
This next tool was powerful as they learnt from acient religions.
They made the people themselves do their dirty work.
And so, if you did not wear like your social peers, you was caste out. If you didn’t
follow their social rules you was caste out. You was labeled, pointed at, scorned,
ostracised and even cast out by your own relatives because religion says so,
because some cleric says so and people began to be afraid.
They had to ﬁnd away to push the label on someone else and so people began
judging each other, pointing at each other and so the next phase began.
If you didn’t follow the “social norms, you labeled by the people themselves as
witch, a woman who seduces men and women and who is working for the devil.
There is no system, there is no group, there is no government and no leader that
can ever have power accept by the support of the people.
And so the people gave that support like ignorant fools and this happened..

Deﬁne sluttiness?
I will not because there is no such thing.
There is no woman who is a slut, whore, too easy no matter what she wears and
no matter how many men she has sex with.
But we still see the witch hunting today in modern society in a diﬀerent way,
using labels as the acient old religions.
That’s what it is…acient and does not belong in our society today but deep in
social conditioning in society today, that I don’t think it will ever go for a very
long time.
The war, the battle of the mind still continues even now.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you love to give oral sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I love to feel the woman’s heart race as I pin her on a wall and spread her
legs, as I kiss her earlobes as my lips/tongue travel down her kneck…
down to her collar bone.
I love it when I hear her groan and whimper, as I circle her breasts and
suckle, as she feels my hands between her thighs, stroking, caressing.
And work my way down to taste her wetness of her pussy
I love how she tries clutching anything, for her to later run her ﬁngers on
my head, pushes in as I enjoy eating her out.
I love how I take my time, to feel her legs quiver, like they are about to
cave in as her breathing gets deeper and louder.
I love how she is pleasured and she knows I enjoy pleasuring her
I love how her body rocks and ﬂows with the rhythm with each stroke
and suck as her whole body tightens.

I love how she cries out again with pleasure as I go under her hood and
suck and all she can do is hold on, knowing I am so not going to stop.
I love how a woman lets go, to hear her groan and cry of pleasure again
and her words ﬂy through the room.
I love when her juice ﬂows and her thighs dripping wet, and her body
trembles and it doesn’t stop…. for me to pick her up, onto the bed,
because we only…just…started.
Yes, I love giving Oral.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever had sex with someone much older than you
when you were young?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. it was my teacher. Private teacher who also worked in school near where I
lived. I was a teenager. When you saw me as a teen, I looked older, and I even had
a moustache, had my own style and was diﬀerent to other guys.
My voice is deep and was deep even then, so when I spoke, it was a deep
resonating voice. I was also very vocal in expressing about sex. The way I am
today, I was back then. She heard what I was saying.
Tall,, long legs, short mini skirt, high heels and she looked amazed. Breasts was
just bursting from the seems of her shirt.
She was teaching someone and used that to ask me to come to her house for
private English lessons.
The moment I got there, she was already holding a drink in her hand, and her
shirt was open, and I mean open, as no button fastened, and I can see her breasts
and bra. So for months on end, I had sex with my teacher.
She was the one who taught me about foreplay, oral, and much more. So yes, I
have had sex with someone older but as I got older, let’s say 25, I have sex with
younger women, and still do so today.
16.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can a woman make a miniskirt and 6 inch heel, look good,
but not slutty?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s face it, there is no such thing as slutty, slut, whore, too easy. These are social
conditioning labels, conditioned into society. Modesty by the way is an invention.
Has nothing all to do with nakedness of body, or showing skin, or function of
body like sex. It’s an invention, a conditioning used for social control and
unfortunately many fall for it.
There is no woman on this earth no matter what she wears, who is slutty, whore,
too easy. Start reading the real science behind brain washing society regarding
these matters because the last thing you want is walking around and ﬁlled with
belief system that all comes from superstitions.
So a woman wearing short mini skirt is going to look slutty someone else because
of their own belief system, what’s in their mind but for me, she won’t look slutty,
she’d be a woman, and a woman conﬁdent in her own skin.
There is nothing to get away with. Slutty is an invention, a label, that came from
training society to believe in certain beliefs and individuals follow these beliefs

because they are favoured by their social peers, and to be accepted by their peers,
and worried about what their peers think.
1k Views · View Upvoters

If I'm attracted to older men and absolutely do not like guys my
age, does this mean I have "daddy issues"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 17, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You have to understand society today has been socially conditioned. They
like to blame women a lot because they are insecure themselves, and ﬁlled with
lots of myths that is promoted in mainstream.
Like calling women sluts, whores, too easy when they are sexually conﬁdent.
There is nothing wrong with you if you desire older men, it’s been going for
centuries.

It’s not suprising either you desire older men with the immaturity of most young
men and so, you ﬁnd yourself bored shitless with the plenty of young guys who
can’t even converse with you at your level and nor have experience in life in
general.
I said most not all as maturity is seldom about age.
And the games, Christ, the games you got to do, the hints, signals. That’s all due
to these romance novels, movies and magazines. I walked away from four 18 year
old women because of that. I couldn’t stand the bullshit, the lack of showing
aﬀection, lack of showing intent clearly but then I found 18 year old women who
are very mature, gone past that nonsense, are direct, show intent clearly and
breath of fresh air from even most older women who fall for these hints, signals,
that makes everything frustrated.
So I can imagine, you around lots of young guys who fear rejecton, who wait for
these signs and if you show interest, you got lots of hoops to jump through, and it
can be just a pain in the ass.
All you want is clarity,. A conﬁdent man who states his intent clearly, says exactly
waht he wants and without all the games.
It’s really is unique ﬁnding that in a person these days but you’d ﬁnd it much
more from older because we have lived, we don’t want to go back to those days,
we had enough of them and we value time much more. We want direct intent and
shown clearly.
And when you get to experience that, well, throws all that which you thought was
true and which you’ve seen young guys and girls do, out of the window. Makes it
all looks pretty childish and immature.
Makes also older people you know looks childish, immature and full of bullshit
too. Yes, just because someone is older doesn’t mean they have grown out of these
games but you will ﬁnd much more who have when they are older.
What most people don’t realise is while men have evolved, so…have…
women. In that they are more open minded, more sexually experienced,
more conﬁdent, more knowlegable and men usually don’t have a problem
with younger women.
How much older depends soley on the young woman herself and the man but the
fact remains that even today, in this so called “modern” world, an older guy is
going to have far more to oﬀer a woman than a man her age who is still in college
and probably ﬁlled with anxiety on how to talk to a woman.

It includes ambition, purpose in life, clarity, resources, wealth, money and most
of all, in experience in life, wisdom and the conversation skills is beyond most
young men have.
So when some say Daddy issues, they like to label women who date older men as
having them, and blame much of problems with womem.
If a woman ﬁnds that her competitor, a younger women has managed to attract
the older man right under her nose, it’s not unsual for this young woman to be
called a slut, a whore, too easy, and…she has Daddy issues.
Also calling the older man a creep and I am sure you’ve seen and read older
women and younger men throwing the word “peadophile” when the young girl is
of legal consent age and it’s mutual consent between her and the older guy.
You will also see and hear some people throw the label of the older man having
mid-life crisis.
How about he don’t want to and isn’t attracted to older women and that is his
preference and nothing wrong with it.
The same with young men.
If the younger man loses a lover to an older competitor, he blames it on the
failure of woman rather than looking into his own mirror, and calls the older man
a creep, a cradle snatcher, an asshole, a jerk, and this delusion of his in believing
she is just dating the older man because…”if only daddy hugged her.”
Now if you got no problems with dating older men, and you are of legal consent
age, I wouldn’t worry about all this “daddy issues.” The main thing is asking what
you want in a relationship and don’t do something you don’t want to do.
Be mature about things, take your time and don’t feel guilt or shame about it. We
all know that’s what social conditioning does and it is a by product of social
conditioning to do nothing more than socially control and keep one in a cage, to
follow social norms that is favourable to one’s peers.
So no, it doesn’t mean you have Daddy issues.
It means your preference, your desire is dating older men because you can’t be
assed with the immaturity of young guys and you have experienced their
immaturity and just had enough of it.
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop basing my self-esteem on my physical
attractiveness?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are your thoughts that shape you. The desires that drive you. Your values that
direct you. Your will that creates the action, and your action creates your habit
and your habit shapes your character.
Hence your fate.
This is what I call Referring your self worth by looking at your…self.
Your thoughts, your desires, your own values on how you see life, your passion,
your skills, your habits, your actions, your personality, the qualities we call
integrity…discipline and your own character.
Because the diﬀerence between a lose and winner is not that which society has
been socially conditioned to believe..

That it is about your attractive looks, your wealth, your car, your home, who you
date, who you have relationships, fame and rank.
These are Exernal referring objects.
These come and these will go and if they do go, what do you have left?
Nothing! Zip. Nada. Zero.
But when you focus your attractive qualities on self referring then no one can
take away the way you think, the way you are discipline, the many skills you have
learnt, the specialised knowledge, your character.
No one can take these away from you except by your own permission and that can
be given due to attaching one’s own self esteem, self worth, self image on
externallly referring themselves to objects.
Those who base their self esteem on physical attractiveness are people that have
lack of understand of their self.
Knowing your “self” is the ultimate discovery in life and in knowing yourself you
become in harmony with law of potentiality. The law of potentiality is energy and
that energy made all these objects that exist today and therefore, if you base your
self esteem or anything outside that energy which is the….source, you are now
limiting your..self.
A loser is not someone who fails in life, who has no wealth, or poor. It is a man or
a woman who does not know themselves, who have yet to face their own demons,
who have yet to understand who they are and who deﬁnes themselves by
referring their own self to external objects.
A winner is someone who does the opposite. He/she is a person who faces their
own demons, who challenges themselves to know about their weakness and
strengths, their belief system, their habit to ﬁnd peace within themselves.
The only reasons you feel lack of self worth is you have been following the social
conditioning beliefs that your attractiveness is due to your looks and this takes
you away from the real focus and you…lose…out…BIG when that happens.
You lose out the focus on the real prize. Your own self awareness about your
greater purpose in life, your passion, your goals and your vision.
So self referring yourself to external objects are these:
1. Your looks, facial features and body. That’s external.
2. Your income
3. Your car
4. The house
5. Mortgage
6. Credit cards
7. Ranks
8. wealth
9. other assets
10. Popularity
If these go, who are you now?
You can get ill. You can have an accident. You can lose your job. You can lose
popularity. You can lose friends because values change. You can lose rank and
assets, and so on.

So imagine then, you lose all these or one of them, and how now they make you
feel insecure because you think your self is referred and attached to these objects.
That’s what I mean self referring and attaching who you are and your
atttractiveness to external objects.
The self referring you need to focus on is:
1. Your thoughts
2. Your habits
3. Your actions
4. Your will power
5. Your purpose in life
6. Your potentiality such as your passion, goals in life, dreams, specialised
skills
7. Your conversation skills
8. Your social skills
9. Your dating skills
10. Your relationship management skills
11. Your way of giving to humanity
12. Your personality
13. Your attitude towards yourself and life itself
These cannot be taken away.
If you invest in yourself, build on these, you will always ﬁnd yourself propelled
forward whether you lose a job or no, lose assets or not, someone comes into your
life or not, someone leaves your life or not.
Because self esteem is about conﬁdence in your abilities, not conﬁdence in
external objects and validations from them.
That’s how you stop basing your self esteem on physical attractiveness.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ankit Yadav

What's it like to love someone?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it feel like to be in love with someone?

I can only explain it in a way I experienced when sailing.
In the beginning, before love happens, it feels like you see the ocean and the
storm ahead. You know you can get hurt but you get and ride that yatch into the
naked eye of the storm. You feel your heart pounding through your chest, your
mind wondering of all that can go wrong, the tingling running through your
spine, your legs feel like they are about to cave in, a warm ﬁre inside you
intensiﬁes and even when it is cold it spreads all through your body, making your
face blush and goes down to…your chest, through your belly and to that place
where you feel all your wetness/erection.
And as you enter into the storm, your body twists and turns for your heart to race
faster, and ﬁre intensiﬁes to such you begin to cry out, scream, clawing your
hands onto the ropes, pulling and digging with all your might, as you rock to and
fro, up and down, following the rhythm of every pentration, every thrust and
pounding to scream out it’s name and…there, you release.

That’s Infatation ;)
This is love…
The storm is now behind you, the waves calm down and it is in this calmness in
which you see much more of the ocean and of yourself. You love this part of
ocean, you want to know more but you know, it is not enough to just sail,
You must learn more knowledge, more skills, more understanding of the ocean
and there must be compatibility. This part of the ocean like you saling there but it
feels it cannot give you what you want.
So you leave, because you know you cannot change it, you cannot control it, you
cannot try to make it be what you desire it to be.
So you sail far and ﬁnd other parts of the ocean and you go through another
storm and another, and another until you come to a place in which the ocean
says..
“I agree in what you desire, fore I feel the same. I see the world the same as you.”
And so, you sail in that part of the ocean, growing as it grows, living as it lives,
knowing each other as it knows you, unwilling to change you and you will not
change it, but accepting each others boundaries, not going too close to the rocks
as it has said to not do so, and you asking it to not turn it’s wave so high and it
does not do so.
It becomes calm, and you feel the sun rays on your face as the ocean sings with
you…
“Love is not enough. It has never been. So ﬁnd your ocean that sees what you see,
believes what you believe, and know each others boundaries. Learn much more to
give love the help it needs because love is never enough.”
You grow to learn of the ocean ways and no matter how much you have sailed
within her nakedness, there is so much to know, so much to see, to much to
unlearn, so much to learn, so many ways to give, so many ways to experience.
You have understood that you can still be attracted to other oceans easily but you
also not naive to call it love. If you call it love then you are responsible for the
time, action, thoughts and emotions you put into it.
Don’t say you didn’t know.
Don’t even dare say it just happened.
Because infatuation as you have learnt is not a choice.
Love is and love then demanded more time from you, more calling, texting,
meeting, talking and therefore, you KNEW what you was doing from day one.
So if you’re in part of an ocean and then you say that you love the other part but it
just happened, then you are saying you are ignorant in yourself. Ignore,
immature and naive.
It’s ok to feel attracted to someone else but just don’t bullshit the ocean you are
with at this moment in time because it is bullshit if you say it just happened.
So here you are, in this one part of then ocean….
It is not as exciting as the rushing of the great tides, the new feeling of going
through another storm, but you don’t care. You feel at home, the ocean feels
home with you.
Though you see other yatchs come to sail in this part you don’t feel jealous, you
don’t tell the ocean to not let them sail there but there is a trust and there is an

understanding that the ocean does not own you and you do not own the ocean.
That it existed before you even knew this part of the ocean, it had life long before
you met this part of the ocean and that is the same for you.
Maybe you will leave and maybe you won’t, maybe the ocean accepts other lovers
and maybe it won’t, but nevertheless, life doesn’t last forever anyway and all that
we think we hold and call as our own, cannot be taken with us when the our story
is over.
So love like you never loved before. Let go of the fallacies, fairytales and myths of
love and soul mates. Focus on the person and enjoy living in the moment because
no one knows what’s ahead in the future.
All that we will take with us when our story is done is our naked bodies and all
that we leave behind is the lives we have touched and the legacy, if we’ve buit
one, behind for others to enjoy the fruits of our labour.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Samantha Razon

Are there any skills that a women must have to be attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes and women did have these skills and some, do but not many. The reason
many don’t is because of social conditioning. Imagine, decades of brain washing,
deceptions, lies, inventions and even burning women as witches for their
knowledge and because women live and still in a world lead by brute force.
Years of social conditioning has made many women insecure about sex, their
naked body, even thinking seduction is about their facial look and body size and
height. This is a myth.
A woman who is curvy as an example can be stunning by the way she moves, the
way she dresses, the way she walks, her charismatic personality, the way she
touches, her gaze, her smile, the tonality of her voice and the words she says.
But because of this bullshit we have now in society and games, manipulation
which we call…dating because no matter what any man or woman says, it is all
games, it is all manipulation in dating, hints, signals, pretending not to be
interested in each other, pretending they don’t want sex, playing power games for
a relationship or casual sex.
Way back in times of Kings and Emperors, women couldn’t just go oﬀ and pick
some sword and start getting what they want. They had to ﬁnd a diﬀerent way
and they did. They learnt to seduce.
They knew how to seduce to get what they want from men, whether it is wealth,
property, relationship, safety, comfort, marriage and even the throne.
Similiar to Cleaopatra who was very average looking woman.
She had the knowledge of seduction knowledge and skills, to turn a man on, to
such she attracted men like Ceasar who helped her. She was exiled from her
country but she secduced Ceasar and his commanders to be the Queen of Egypt
and rule Egypt for over 20 years,
Sadly, from experience most women are shit at seduction. Most are insecure,
most are afraid about these labels like slutty, whore, too easy, and do too much
bullshit signaling and hints that does not turn a man on but make him confused.
If you want one skill, then here’s one…
Learn to use your voice, the tonality of your voice, soften it, as you gaze into his
eyes, and tell him what you admire about him, as you stroke his arm. Lick your

lips, bite your lips as you use your eyes in a seductive manner.
Use touch…stroke his cheeks and then get up and walk…then turn your head
smile, with your hand out and he will get up and take your hand.
You just attracted a man without doing all the hints and signals and left most
women standing in envy on how they cannot even do that.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Isobel Smith

Would you have sex on the ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is how it goes with me. It’s really simple. I know it might be diﬃcult for some
due to then myths and fallacies. You know, social conditioning.
But you’re going to have sex.
If we are honest about it people do all those texting, phone, meeting to go to
resturants and movies because they are both trying to impress each other, and
worried about…
1. Being too easy
2. Label slut
3. Label whore
4. Label player
5. Label asshole
6. Label jerk
The full process of dating stinks of fear and everyone is terriﬁed, with questions
like, if the person likes me, does the person want to see me again, and a whole
host of beliefs that come from social conditioning.
I don’t go on dates with women. I go on dates with women who are already lovers.
We have had sex already and we avoided the games, the manipulation, the fears,
all the rest of planning relationship like we are gods and we can control fate, to
make someone into a relatonship or stop someone dissappearing…because we
can’t. We have no such power. All that bullshit when to kiss, when to hold hands,
when to touch and all this talk about where it’s all about some power game.
To who text ﬁrst, who calls ﬁrst, and do you reply immediately or an hour later or
a day later because it might look desperate. It’s just plain crazy adults behaving in
this manner and we should have left these games and manipulation, and fears
when we left school but there we go, it’s still there.
That’s why I make it clear by behaving in a sexual manner, playful from day one
and let her know I am sexual guy, not into monogamy. It’s blatantly clear. Most
call it asshole, I call it being direct. I call it screening out and attracting women
who have similar understanding as I do about it all.
I might meet a woman but even then it’s not a date. It’s me and her meeting each
other and from initial meeting I do talk about sex. Yes. I do and I will know if she
wants to string things along because she got an agenda of relationship but why
would I ever consider relationship when then most important for me hasn’t been
done….sex. Sex is important to me, I’m high sexual and love sex, and I don’t want
to be with women who has issue abouot sex, see it as taboo or got a long line of
beliefs and rules about it that come from social conditioning.
So yes, I do have sex with women I just met, and I don’t need to date to have sex.
It can happen by walking out of a party with a woman I just met. Or I get a call

from a close woman friend who desires sex. Yes that happens too when they
know you’re not judgmental and can be discreet.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do you frequently engage in casual sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I don’t ﬁnd casual sex as a big deal. I have women who know my lifestyle and
also the way I behave with women. It’s not so easy with a man going up to a
woman but a woman can with those around attract men for sex.
Men, it can be a little bit of a struggle but the way I do is I behave as a lover,
meaning i am sexually aggressive by being playful and I sexualise in my words. I
am always sexualisation and if I am text and phone, same. I am leading and then
women will engage, feel comfortable they can too, and it ﬂows.
They know they isn’t any expectation like dating, and relationship. It’s casual sex.
One thing I do not do is signs, signals, and I ignore women who do that too. I’m
not interested in all this manipulation, signals, hiding. We’re adults, we know
what we want and that’s really it.
The women who are sexually conﬁdent and who want casual know immediately,
and so we connect and it’s as simple as 1, 2, 3. No messing around, no games, no
manipulation, and deﬁnitely no ambigouity..signals. I also make sure women
know I’m non-monogamous and some are ﬁne with it, some are not, but still want
to.
There are also venues I go to where it’s very open in that everyone knows why
they are there. It’s just a matter who you click for sex and if they click with you.
I also go with a couple of bisexual friends, women, who invite me to certain
venues, and it’s not like traditional dating approaches. It’s very clear and direct.
It’s just a matter if the other person wants to with you or not.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

On a scale of 1 to 10 how would you rate your skill of oral sex?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

10. I started young ;)
Lots of foreplay in the begining and multiple orgasms. Women can have multiple
orgasms and it can be diﬃcult for men to have more. You get a woman real wet
from foreplay and man they can go for a long time. So I do a lot of foreplay and
oral, and the pleasure they feel, the rhythm their body and whimpers to loud
groaning to screaming out of pleasure, body bucking, legs and body tightening,
gives me pleasure too.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What happened to all the nice guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nice guys?
When a girl says she wants a nice guy, polite, blah blah, she is really saying..
1. He has to be hot shot looking
2. He has to look like Brad Pit

3. He’s got to look good for me so I can show him oﬀ to my friends
4. He has to have this hair style
5. He has to have this type of clothes
6. He has to be cool and…
You just walk out of your door, you see a nice guy. You only have to walk into a
company full of coders and in fact, just wait outside and you’ll be ﬂooded with
nice guys.
You only have to walk into a library and you see that guy with his head down in
book…walk up and say hello.
You only have to walk into a shop and there is a nice guy helping his dad or mum,
doing the work.
You only have to look on here on who got the knowledge and who is sharing
knowledge. Don’t see a stampede saying..
“Hey you got knowledge, sharing all that like that. I want you!”
Because you want a nice, right?
No, oh please, for pete sake.
Let me give you a run down of the reality.
Let’s call her Jane.
1. Jane is walking about in school, or college, or university. There are lots of
Nice guys about, all alone, single, shy. You know the drill but you see,
he’s not exciting like the movies, They haven’t got that tall and
handsome look and ﬂowing hair you girls fantasize about.
Girls are not ﬂocking around them, giggle and smiling.
What does Jane do?
She ignores the abundance nice guys around her. The guys who fear
rejection, the shy guys, the guy with zero experience or little experience.
The one who doesn’t look exciting and who doesn’t give you that touch
of…status amongst all the other girls and friends you know.
I know because when my head was down in books, or sitting alone, and
many girls around, I didn’t see them smiling or even taking notice nut
moment I grew a little older, my looks changed, I got the looks, the
status, and popularity, it was all diﬀerent.
It takes a lot of maturity and I mean a lot of it and detachment from all
these bullshit for a girl to really want a guy for his mind. I had then mind
before my looks matured. In fact I am oilder now and I am far good
looking than I was younger. I go anywhere and women look and girls
want to talk and want to meet and want to have sex.
Same girls, same women who ignor the abundance of guys where they
are but ﬁnd me half across the world, or in city centre or online.
No, Jane doesn’t do anything with all these guys who are plenty, all
around her and available.
Instead she goes for a diﬀerent guy, the popular, or the guy who looks
cool, the good looks, the exciting one, then mysterious one, or…the guy

who has conﬁdence, and can walk right up to her and make her heart
race and her leg quiver.
He’s the lover type.
Jane goes for him because she wants the experience, the adventure, the
excitement and she wants her friends to think…
“OOoh where did you ﬁnd him girl, wow.”
She has other guys but she categorises them as friends and some as very
close friends and some a maybe for standby if nothing ever works out in
the future. Lots of guys orbiting around her giving her attention but she
ignores them as all the girls who say they want nice guy do.
2. She makes that fatal mistake with the lover.
You see the lover has already said what he looks for. Yes, he’s nice
enough. He’s conﬁdent. He he’s conﬁdent to say what he wants from day
one. He behaves in that sexual and lover manner.
He sexualizes as he talks, he’s fun, cheeky, can feel like he’s cocky, his
behaviour gets her so turned on. His texting and phone is same. He lets
her know it’s going to go down when they meet. It’s going to be sex, down
right kissing, holding and sex. In fact before they even meet, he has got
her sharing her utmost deepest secret fantasies and he has promosed she
experience it all with him.
He’s got purpose in life and is very creative.
He’s got it going. He’s bold. vocal, tender to his lovers not every girl but
lovers. He doesn’t date girls. He dates lovers and so girls who meet him
know what’s going to happen.
He is no push over. He has an opinion.
She found all what girls say about such guys is all untrue. His cheeky.
cockiness, and playfulness is a front to keep certain girls away. That’s
right ladies.
Didn’t you get the memo?
Lovers know, the ﬁrst thing in your head is insecurities about sex. The
ﬁrst thing you are ashamed about is sex. The ﬁrst thing you are guilty
about is sex because you have been conditioned to believe that you need
to do all these dating, resturants and movies, and stringing along the guy
for days or weeks before sex, because mummy, daddy, friends, social
condition says - that’s what good girls do and if you don’t do that you’re a
bad girl, a slut, a whore, too easy.
And that is why you do hints, signals because if you didn’t care about all
that nonsense, you’d push girls away and ask a guy out like it is nothing
in then world. Like it’s the most natural thing any girl suppose to do but
you don’t and most will probably never do.
That’s what a lover knows and he has the experience and knowledge to
cut through this bullshit and fearlessness to behave in a manner that
seems like it’s just about sex.

He’s not wanting any insecure girls or girls that juddge him so he
behaves that way to only attract girls who are similar to him and who
desire lover type. The high sexual and who ALREADY live in his realm,
desire what he desires and love the lifestyle he has.
So when a lover is sexualising in words, don’t go oﬀ being oﬀended. Get
the idea what he is doing.
He’s saying to girls..
“I am high sexual, I am sexually conﬁdent, I am Masculine and I do not
apologise for my sexuality. I am showing this RIGHT NOW, today, in the
begining so you know clearly what my intent is. That way you don’t get
hurt and assume any hint but know that I am non-monoganous, I am wild,
I am a beast in the wilderness and if you want a caged bird, I am not it. If
you want a man following society rules, I am not him.
I only attract those who are similar to me. If you are not similar to me, do
not desire what I oﬀer, then ﬁne. I respect your wishes. Go your way and I
will go mine. You cannot change me and I cannot change you. I have my
way and you have yours. That is all it is. Leave the judging and labels alone
and let’s be mature adults about this.”
But she wants to change him.
She wants to ﬁx him.
He suddenly ﬁnds out and is dissappointed because he already said to
Jane he’s not monogamous, he’s not that type of guy and he’s already
been there and he’s grown and not into what she wants.
Drama kicks in because when you try to ﬁx a man or anyone, it only
creates friction. It only creates resentment. It hurts and so the Lover
realises that she is not who she says she is.
He didn’t lie to her.
He didn’t say he was anything else.
He was true and he spoke and behaved from day one as a lover but she
lied. She deceived because she thought she can ﬁx and change him!
He leaves Jane or she leaves him. Either way, the drama created causes
too much pain for both of them and so they follow their own path.
She labels him as an asshole, jerk and maybe tells others that…
“He used me for sex. He’s a jerk.
But she could at anytime said no to sex but she didn’t. Now to her he’s an
asshole, a Jerk and all her friends think so too.
Well friends stick together. They are not going to say to their friend that
she got it wrong and she is the asshole.
No, they congratulate her.
3. Jane continues through her life meeting guys, making more guys into
friends and dates more….lovers.

One after another, tries to ﬁx them, change them and they all think she’s
oﬀ her rocker. They already said who they are, they already said what
they look for but Jane doesn’t learn from her past experiences.
Jane believes love conquers all.
She believes that there is only one type of relationship model and
everything else does not exist in her realm.
She believes love will win the heart of a lover and make him a stable sort
of guy for her. It doesn’t work out again and again and again.
You got it!
She calls them by the same names and labels and “all they care about is
sex.”
4. Jane decides to not have sex with guys this time and makes sure to get a
guy and tell him she won’t have sex until relationship.
She meets many guys but then again, ﬁnds one guy and with this guy she
dangles sex like a carrot and believes that sex deﬁnes her, that all men
want sex and so she will use that.
He becomes the potential platonic boyfriend and he doesn’t know why
she is the way she is and what the hell is this relationship. He might as
well be pals the way it is going on.
She’s with him for a month and he walks away.
She ﬁnds another guy and does same, he leaves after 4 months.
Each guy cannot understand why she won’t be physically intimate and
feel like she’s just used them for emotional support.
She says “they are..” that’s right. It’s the usual drill.
Sure no man is entitled, right?
No woman is entitled either for a man to stay but if a woman walks away,
she’s not an asshole ;)
5. Jane realises her biological clock is ticking fast. Instead of looking for the
lover value and wasting time with platonic boyfriend, she knows she
can’t just be in a relationship and dangle sex like a carrot but she can if
she ﬁnds some passive guy and dictate it.
So oﬀ she goes and looks at who she has but feels they are too Nice.
Maybe someone New and Nice will do.
Aha! She ﬁnds a new guy, a Nice Guy and so they date.
He becomes the boyfriend who will give her the Stability Value.
They have a long-term relationship and all is going well but then after 5
more years, this Nice guy turns out to be a REAL asshole.
Abusive and she now really believes all men are assholes and uses her for

sex.
She hasn’t yet got the stability and the clock is ticking faster…
“What will her mummy and daddy say for being single?”
“What will her friends say for not getting married?”
“What will community, society, co-workers, other women think?”
“When will she be able to post her status and photos of celebrations of
marriage and all that on Facebook?”
6. After some years she meets someone. He looks like a guy who can give
her stability value. He’s not that good looking. He’s not that exciting.
He’s just some guy she feels has stability value.
But they have problems.
She has insecurity problems and he has too. They go some rough patches
but after some years they grow together. Not many do but these two do
get past it.
He brings stability value and either they marry or they just stay in a longterm relationship without the marriage and law stuﬀ..
He is known as…the Provider.
It doesn’t mean provider as in money but it can be. It means he and she
work together and pays and he works to and pays and provides for her
emotionally, physical and sometimes sexual needs.
Yes, I did say sometimes because he’s struggling with her when it comes
to sex but he has no options. He’s not a lover with skills, conﬁdence and
resources to just up and leave.
He’s more afraid of losing her than she is in losing him.
Will they they stick together in marriage or long-term in this day an age?
It is up to Jane and her man. Who knows.
What happened to the Nice Guys?
They are everywhere and always have been but it seems for so many…Nice
means..
“He has good looks, is exciting, and makes me feel alive, not boring, and and and..”
24.8k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 16 year student. Everybody says I'm tall, handsome,
smart, kind and ambitious, yet I can't get a girlfriend. Am I
doing something wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. You mentioned details.
Conscious mind of a woman >>>>>>> details. Boring.

Unconscious mind of a woman >>>>>>> Feeling. Heart racing. Body tingling.
Pulsating throbbing between her legs. Lustful. Wetness.
It’s about how she feels.
Details is > handsome, smart, kind and ambitious.
But that’s about you and people you. Nothing in there about girls. Nothing in
there about how you approach, make their heart race, body tingling, pulsating,
throbbing between their legs, lustful, wetness, boom boom feeling.
You probably approach with detals and…
“Hey”
“Hey”
“So erm, how are you doing?”
“Ok. You?”
“I’m cool.”
“Got to go. Busy. Sorry. Got to meet some friends. Bye.”
And you stand there and wonder what the hell has happened.
The unconscious mind of girls isn’t about details. It’s not about tall, handsome.
smart, kind and ambitous. There’s a lot of guys like that.
So if you was standing right now with a lot of guys who are tall, handsome, smart
whatever, it’s not going to do much good.
Girls are distracted. Lots of options with lots of guys around.
But if you behave in a manner that gets a girl excited, feeling her heart race, got to
ﬁnd out more about you….well then, it is not going to be about details.
The details are there for later….for…relationship. That’s what we call absolute
value. It’s great for long-term relationships.
First attract the girl and leave the details for later on.
Focus on perceived value.
That’s your behaviour and the way you converse in a manner to make her feel
alive and she needs to do same with you.
It’s two way conversation.
Time girls stepped up and do some work too and if she doesn’t…walk away and
approach someone else.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What one single thing makes most women the most wet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is her imagination. All her desires and all she fantasizes about is all there. You
don’t need to pretend or do any tricks.
You just need to attract the woman who is conﬁdent in herself, her sexuality, her
body, her skin and her desires.
Then it’s down to communication in which both are open with each other.
When you truly know the woman you are with and both of you are trusting each
other, opening up together, she will share her utmost desires and all her kinky
fantasies, and in all the way she wants.
This not some text book theory.

I have lover as example, and we share our utmost sexual desires and we didn’t
wait for months on end. I learnt everything about her desires, sex, the whole lot
and more, to even asking her about the boundaries.
What you need to know is this..
You got to lead.
You got to be conﬁdent.
You got to share ﬁrst and be bold, and never fear losing women because they
might get oﬀended or forget it.
I rather lose a woman, have her be oﬀended, dissappear, whatever, than have a
woman who is not sexually conﬁdent, who isn’s secure about herself, about her
body, comfortable in her own skin and unwilling to open up regarding sex and all
our fantasies we like to explore.
If at the beginning we already got this “oh he just wants sex,” then I know already,
she’s not compatible and she also got some negativity about her sexuality, sex
and even men.
You got to lead and that means you have to show vulnerability and let go of the
insecurities most people have.
She won’t share because most women come with lots of fears of being labeled as
sluts, whores, too easy and all that crap.
That’s why I am sexually aggressive in that I am playful in beginning because I
don’t want any woman but woman compatible with me, already in that state of
mindset, already living in the realm and world I am living in, and has let go of
much of the social conditioning.
She will say what turns her on, what makes her body aroused, what makes her
legs quiver, what makes her wet, what makes her heart race and all the details
and she can’t if the man is going to judge her. She can’t if she feels the man is
some guy who is going to use it against her.
She can’t if the man is behaving passive and is not leading.
So it’s in her imagination.
See her mind not just her body.
She’s intellectual, she’s smart.
She has a mind and so speak as such. Her imagination is where one captures her
emotions, ﬁres up her imagination and all her desires which are locked in there
will ﬂow from her lips.
She will even show you how.
She will even write notes and do a diagram of what she likes, with stars, which is
her favorite, which isn’t, which she so hot for, what she wants to avoid. You learn
also about her boundaries because you lead the way and shared ﬁrst, without fear
of losing her.
There needs to be a mutual comfort and trust, in which she feels safe with the
man but also a man that she knows she can be the Natural woman not the socially
conditioned pretence of the “good girl.”
That’s why you hear most women say, they like a man who knows what he’s
doing, knowing how to make her feel, touch, experience in certain ways she
yearns for and has always desired.
Why do you think romance novels sell big?

Because a woman can feel and experience all she desires within the four walls
and no one will ever know ;)
25.5k Views · View Upvoters

Honestly, do boys prefer girls with or without makeup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy here says “no, we don’t,” what are you going to do?
Not wear make up?
If a guy on here says “yes we do,” are you now going to change and wear make up?
Then you go to another site and another, then you ask friends, then you read
some magazine and now you hear..
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Maybe.”
So now what do you do?
It will go like this….
Monday - Make up for the guy who likes Make up
Tuesday - Lots of makeup for the guys who like lots of Make up
Wednesday - Natural Make up for the guys who like girls wearing natural make
up
Thursday - No make up for the guys who like girls with no Make
Friday -Make up with a bit of sparkling stuﬀ for guys who like that
Saturday - Make up with diﬀerent colours
Sunday - Maybe. You have a nervous break down and no date
How about this smart move.
Forget whether guys like make up, natural make up, this make up, that dress, this
dress, these trainers, and height, short, tall, whatever..
And just decide…what you want in a guy and then dress the way you want, wear
make up or not, or natural because you want to.
Just be comfortable in your own skin and in what you want to wear.
Because there are guys out there who are into so many diﬀerent girls.
Make up. No make up. Natural Make up.
Problem is, you can wear make up, or no make up, or Natural make up but if a girl
can’t tell a guy she’s into him, or she can’t make him feel good then what’s the
point?
You forget most guys fear rejection and so, if they don’t get some clear message
like a smile, a wave, a hello, body full turned, the majority of these guys won’t
make a move.
Think about it…
How many girls are there on planet earth, in your city, in your school and college?
You can wear whatever, but our eyes, are everywhere.
Planet earth is packed with tons of girls.

Showing interest to the guy will solve a lot of your problems.
If you only knew, just knew the psychology of guys, you’d see 99% of things girl
do to get a guys attention is opposite to how to get his attention ;)
1. We got ego. We want you to show interest.
2. We have feelings. We want you to show you desire us too.
3. We want no drama. Show you’re secure and conﬁdent and leave talks
about some other guy, or negativity alone.
4. We want to be admired. Tell us what it us you admire about us by
mentioning Masculine traites and what you see in us. Tell us for real
what you feel for us. Tell us all over again so we are sure you are serious,
and really into us.
5. And if a guy doesn’t show it back…red ﬂag. He’s not for you. So move on
with speed, and approach someone else.
We’re not complicated. We’re simple.
If you make us feel shit. We switch oﬀ.
If you make us feel confused about whether you’re interested, we behave weird
and distant.
If we know you’re into us and if the guy is sincere, we will tell you it all.
We will say we desire you and we hope you are brave enough to take it, and
conﬁdent enough to love yourself to believe your worthy of hearing these words.
If your conﬁdent about you,. your body, your sexuality, we know there will be no
drama or judging on us from you like most girls do. We are tired of being judged
and labeled as you are.
You see. Feelings.
We just want to feel good about ourselves and the one who makes us feel that and
reveals she’s into us, is the one, make up or none, wins our heart.
It’s not complicated.
But for those who you meet and try to complicate it…
Just stay away from the one who doesn’t show intent clearly because his head is
up his ass doing the mysterious bullshit or he’s really not into you. He just loves
the chase and when he got your attention, he’ll fade away.
It’s really not that complicated.
12.7k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do if the guy I'm talking doesn't replies to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whenever you message a guy or text a guy you’re interested in. There are
somethings you need to know..
1. Avoid sending negative to the guy. It’s not attractive. The reason why
even a slight negative or questioning what he saying to you, is that we are
always assessing you. We are looking at how easy it will be to date you,
and if we ﬁnd it is diﬃcult, if we ﬁnd also some insecurities, it will be a
red ﬂag for us.
It’s ok when you know someone, have dated, or built such a strong

emotional connection which takes time, but if we ﬁnd negativity in the
ﬁrst interaction or through some weeks, we might assume the
following…
A) You will ghost us. So no point in giving much time to you.
B) You are not conﬁdent in yourself, so you’d probably question when we
compliment and use it against us.
C) You’re going to self sabotage a good thing with some dissappearing act
soon enough.
D) You might bring drama later on in relationship anyway.
So negativity, is a big thing to most guys and problem is girls too full of
logic when approaching guys, full of fear, full of ready to judge or looking
at what we say like we are hunters when you…contacted us, you pursued
us, and then when we try to show interest, you get all insecure.
As you can see, we have experience in seeing this pattern, and if you
display such a pattern, it may trigger a guy to not really put too much
time in you. He might distance himself.
2. If you haven’t been in touch with a guy for a while, then of course it be
awkward, but you don’t need to say that to him. Keep it up beat. Like
your the awesome surprise. A breath of fresh air from all the girls who are
insecure and lack conﬁdence. You know your worthy and so when you
appear it lights up his day. Your contagious in a positive way. Very
seductive and powerful.
3. If you don’t keep it upbeat then we are already questioning if you are
seriously interested and just want attention. So keep it upbeat and stay
away from emotional support kind of mode, i.e. negativity, talk about
some guy, talk about who you like other than him, or negative
experiences.
Leave that for much later when you are with a guy, have dated for a
while, have been intimate, emotionally and physically, and sexually. No
need for a girl who is into a guy to bring any negativity. It doesn’t beneﬁt
you and just shines a darker light on you.
We got memories and so it might remind us of some we dated who was
insecure and was emotionally draining ;)
4. If a guy compliments you, don’t throw it back in his face and create this
feeling you don’t trust him. Or that you are insecure and don’t think the
positive and good about yourself. Take it with an attitude to yourself
“damn right I’m awesome..”
5. Keep it fun, light hearted, and if you like the guy after a few
conversations…say it, show intent, don’t hide or we will categorise you as
a girl who just wants attention, or she has a boyfriend who can’t give her
the intimacy and satisﬁed pleasures in way she wants, or she’s just doing
it because she’s bored. We won’t know until you state your intent clearly
or we just get frustrated, and well, we now behave in a way where we’re
not bothered because well, we feel it’s not going anywhere.
If he hasn’t replied to you then don’t send anymore.
I for one, like engagement. If someone doesn’t respond to my messages, majority
of time, if not all time, I don’t bother sending another.

Yes, I begin to act weird. Like distancing myself. Like blocking. Maybe muting.
Maybe, not bothering to reply. Or…laugh because I know the pattern and shake
my head at the spectacle that is unfolding before my very own eyes.
I’d see it as girl isn’t interested and it showed me her true intent. That there was
nothing really there in the ﬁrst place.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

When was the last time you have felt loved?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get up every morning to see the sun rise. I’m loved.
I see I got plenty of food and nature, earth keeps providing. I’m loved.
I have a shower, and water ﬂows. I’m loved.
I can write words, share them, and have many creative skills. I am loved.
I can paint, sing, write songs, and I can be whatever I want to be. I am loved.
I have failed in school and yet I have risen up like a champion to achieve success
fore life will hand you whatever you want if you are will to be smart, pay it’s dues,
taking the risks, and never step on anyone because they are competition. I am
loved.
I walk on a stage with 10,000 people and I sing and none of my relatives even
know, or close friends, as I live a double mysterious life. I am loved.
I travel from one country to another to meet producers and doing what I love to
do. I am loved.
There is not a day goes by when I haven’t been inspired with ideas and far too
many to ever do in one life time. I am loved.
I receieve words from lovers daily, weekly, how I made them feel, that they never
found a man like myself, and they can’t understand where the fuck I have been,
to ﬁnd me. I am loved.
I receive tons of text messages and phone calls from lovers around the world. I am
loved.
I have sex 4 times a week and whenever I want, and women desire it as same
furiciously lustful level as I do. I am loved.
I attract specialised skill people who want to learn from me, from ceos, graduates,
degrees, Phds, to all kinds of people and who want to give their resources so more
people can be reached. I am loved.
I walk outside everyday, and see people of all colours, cultures, and I have that
opportunity to say hello to a new human being, and they say hello back. I am
loved.
I have gone through challenges in my life, sometimes hit rock bottom, sometimes
without a home, a time where I ended up in the street and no one gave a fuck
except one or two lovers I met. I rised up and won again. I am loved.
I come home to a warm home, and though I am not a multi-millionnaire, I am
content and yet purposefully driven to achieve more. I am loved.
I have technology around me, can switch on laptop and write, can watch
whatever I want, can share and can communicate to someone who is across the
world, with a press of a button. I am loved.

I am grateful for life, and all that has given me, and all the people who gave hope
and who wrote books, who shared knowledge, who created paintings, movies,
who invented all kinds of things we now beneﬁt from.
How then can I ever say, I can’t feel loved any given day?
And if all disappeared, I have my mind, my hands, my body, legs to walk and I
can still speak. I am loved.
I only have to look around, see the trees, the sky, the gliding of the clouds, rivers
ﬂow as birds sing, leaves fall, another season has come, and I have seen the full
cycle of all seasons, time and time again.
I feel loved every second of the day and everyday.
How can I say I am not loved at any given day?
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy show that he cares about a girl, without being
too obvious?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you read many of my answers, I am the wrong person to send this question
because I do not hide my feelings. I notice other questions you request me to
answer are all about hints and signals.
I don’t hide and show a girl I care about her while at the same time not being too
obvious. It is far better to be obvious because they know he is interested in the
person.
Yes there is a way of doing it but the problem of me explaining it as 1, 2, 3, won’t
help you or anyone here. I will explain why near the end.
But always guys I train for the ﬁrst few months will say..
“I fucked up. I just went back to the social norm bullshit way, and did all the boring
crap you told me to leave behind because I was so scared I’d lose her, oﬀend her..”
And the problem isn’t that they messed up.
The problem isn’t that she wasn’t interested.
I can give men today all the knowledge, right in their hand.
The problem is they still haven’t listened to what I am saying.
The problem is they don’t realise that any girl or guy they approach and goes out
on ﬁrst date will come with an already-existing map in their mind.
They would already come with insecurities, perception, an attitude, values, how
they see dating, men and women.
But the guys I train and the girls also who I don’t but approach guys or try to
attract guys still can’t ﬁgure this one thing out.
Their mindset in how to approach is to impress, to make sure everything perfect
in saying the right words at the right time, and worry they don’t oﬀend.
They don’t get that the real magic is letting go of all this..right time, right
words, right moment and doing it all perfect.
It’s a lot of pressure to carry.
You see, you can do everything right and if a girl or a guy is not interested it will
not happen. But if you do something wrong, screw up but the person is REALLY

into you and their head is not up their ass with judgement, they won’t care.
If they are not messing around seeking just attention, just ﬂirting out of boredom,
doing it to just see they still got it then it won’t matter.
You can mess up but they will still be into you.
They know people are not perfect.
They know someone is nervous.
They know the person might screw up a little here and there.
They know it’s infatuation and so it be strong feeling.
They know. They are mature about it. They understand it’s ﬁne. They are not
seeing it like they are trying to ﬁgure out your moves.
They are alright about someone showing interest and being direct about it and
giving time in doing so.
Those who are not really into you are there for nothing else but either platonic or
just wasting your time.
When you see me approach a woman, when you hear my conversation patterns,
you will say what all guys say..
“HOLY SHIT. THIS LOOKS AWKWARD! THAT’S NEVER GOING TO WORK! YOU
CAN’T SAY THAT TO A GIRL! SHE’D DISSAPPEAR!”
But you see, I don’t approach smooth.
Nothing I do is smooth.
Nothing I do is perfect.
In fact, if you are watching from a distance, you will feel and think it looks so
damn awkward. You’ll think nothing is going to happen.
Not a chance in hell SOME girl is going to say yes.
The way you see in movies, in romance novels, is not the way it happens.
Any girl reading this who has her head screwed right would know this. So will a
guy. It happens with a guy being awkward, maybe he’s good at talking but talks
too much because we are nervous at time.
We are trying but we just seem to screw things up and SOME girls will see a
player, a jerk, an asshole, and all the labels you can imagine.
And you’re right….for SOME girls.
But you don’t care about about these…SOME…girls.
You don’t want SOME girl.
You want a girl who gives time to see you, look into you, communicates, doesn’t
search for perfection, gives time to know you, removes any expectations or
looking for some ﬂaws. The girl who is compatible with you and you with her. Not
some girl.
You can be a smooth operator. You can have years of experience right now. You
can hire and guide you all way but I and no one else, can ever promise EVERY girl
will say…YES and every guy will say..YES.
You can never know that a hint, a signal means attraction because the same
signals also appear when someone’s nervous, someone is cautious about

something, someone is trying to get their stress level down, someone just wants
their ego stroked, someone just wants attention.
Someone is just lonely.
Someone isn’t getting the atention from someone else and so they think they can
get it from you but that is all they want.
When they get it, they dissappear.
SOME just do it because they are bored of a relationship they are already in and
just want to see if they still got it.
What happens is when you approach and even date, the person will come with an
ALREADY set of beliefs, fears, insecurities and past experiences.
It’s not about age but rather maturity.
They can have a degree and all that, it means nothing. It doesn’t mean they are
mature. It doesn’t mean they are not as socially conditoned as others.
A person does not behave just by doing.
They come with something already existing in them.
They behave due to an existing belief system in their mind before you and I ever
appeared in front of them.
So forget asking women what they want in a man on Quroa.
Forget asking women what they see in a man because all they say right now,
means nothing when they are in the real world and their emotions…their
insecurities…their perception kicks in.
That’s why women read these romance novels. That’s why people read adventure
books. They can experience it all without ever going out in the real world and be
vulnerable.
The real world is far diﬀerent.
A person can say they want this or that but I guarantee you, most do not end up
with a man or woman that is this and that!
Like a person who says they want to achieve this and that, but saying it is
diﬀerent to going out in the world, standing out and having to face social
pressure hitting you every day.
When you’re in comfort zone it is easy to say whatever but moment a woman or a
man steps up into real world, we now have diﬀerent forces at play. We have social
pressure, insecurities, perception and feelings going up and down.
We have judging, we have past experiences projecting and suddenly you ﬁnd the
person falls for someone totally diﬀerent or doesn’t even take action.
Like all the stuﬀ people say doesn’t matter to them…suddenly matters.
One week you’re talking to some girl online and suddenly she removes her
facebook link. That’s a red ﬂag for you.
Then you see other things and you know, something is kicking oﬀ because later
on she starts showing insecurities, negativity about what you said about her in a
positive way, and you know what’s coming next.
You send a text message and she doesn’t respond.
You send messages online full of heart, sharing how you feel. No reply and yet she
is active online on facebok on this and even on here, Quora.

So you block and you learn, that no matter what you say, no matter how perfect,
not matter of the bullshit most say, they see something wrong. They see it
because they came with that perception already.
They were already insecure. They were already ﬁlled with assumptions about
you. They were already categorising you as this and that, and it was only a matter
of time when they just stop, disssappear, say nothing, like a ghost.
One minute they were so into you and a few days later, Pﬀf, they are gone. One
week they are admiring, giving you praises, got to know you, and a week
after….pﬀﬀ..behaving all weird and silent.
That wasn’t you.
That’s their insecurities, their perception, their baggage, their judgement, like
Jack and a Box already waiting to spring up and judge.
So when I approach, I am doing what?
The ﬁrst thing I am doing is not impressing the girl.
I am not asking her out.
I am ﬁnding out her values, her mindset, her belief system and later,
compatibility.
I let her know my intent at the same time.
I am…screening…ﬁltering SOME girls out and attracting the girls who have a
clearer mind, who are more honest, who do not carry as much baggage, who see
romance in the same way as I do, who understand I am being playful, fun to lower
the wall of awkwardiness, and being direct..beacause..I care.
I am being direct and honest without ambigiouity because I know people been
messed around and I don’t want to mess her around.
I want her to know my intent.
I want her to know clearly I am attracted to her and then I wait right there and I
know the pattern behaviour to see what is her level of mindset.
But I also wait if she isn’t interested.
If she isn’t, it’s ok to say she doesn’t feel the same way.
I would respect her for that because she..showed she cared. She didn’t waste my
sweet time either.
Now, on the fundamentals on how to do it in a way..
Then we are going 10 steps ahead.
Because before that ever happens, we have to remove lots of baggage,
insecurities, social conditioning and you can’t do that, if every girl is “the one.”
You got to go through a process to get tough mentally ﬁrst, to understand yourself
ﬁrst, to heal and get rid of all that is been brain washed on you before you can
ever try to approach some girl or guy is “the one.”
We got to get someone to get good at getting rid of the anxiety of just talking to
people, approaching, having fun, and going against social pressure.
First is to get a person to learn, grow, get used to doing things without looking for
hints, signals and worrying about rejections.
If you are looking for hints, signals, trying to be ambigious or looking how
someone else is ambigious to see if they are interested in you…..it means there

are some issues to iron out.
It means a behaviour that needs correcting.
It means training and I don’t mean the ﬂuﬀy motivational nonsense either.
I mean drills, doing steps, action, small ones to later other ones as you get better.
Forget dating, romance, relationship and sex.
This needs to be done for 6 months and if it’s not done consistently each weeks,
then it be longer, 1 year and if someone is procrastinating…2 years.
How long does one want to go through pain is up to them.
I suggest quicker is better.
Until that is sorted, you will for always ﬁnd yourself in a situation of frustrations,
where one person is dictating you on how to behave, when really, you should
have options, approach many and let the chips fall where they may.
Because…the guy or girl already come with an already existing reality.
Techniques are not there to mind control.
They are there to make it easier for the one who is REALLY interested in you, so
you can communicate your desire in an eﬀecient manner to help the process be
more fun and enjoyable for both of you.
Hints, sigals and ambigouity do not have a place except for people who are now
going to play a game of chase.
And I do not teach chasing.
I teach how to be a Man who knows what he wants, goes for what he wants, in the
most honest direct approach and let the chips fall where they may.
And if the other person is not interested to have the self respect, decency to walk
away from this person and move on.
Looking for signals and being ambigious does only one thing…
It creates confusion for one self.
It puts the power of action in someone else’s hands. It gets you hurt. It opens
doors for someone to abuse your time, emotions, energy, heart walked all over
and handed right back to you.
Then you got to pick up the pieces as they go and do that to someone else.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bob Riley

Does a talent fade away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not talent that fades away.
Let me explain..
The most diﬃcult thing for someone who learnt to get good at what they are
passionate about isn’t the…doing it.
It’s this hope that they can achieve what they love doing in the real world. So
much around up is telling them they can’t. Then there is the lack of clarity and
also guidance in knowledge that helps them make what they are talented to
breath and live in the real world.

Many are talented but talent is overated because there are so many people
talented out there who are broke, who can’t make much money and most of it due
to lack of self esteem, low self image and lack of the knowledge they need for the
real world.
Knowledge like strategy, marketing, being able to connect the dots in turning
their talent into some kind of concept, a personality and packaging it in a way
that ﬁts in a niche which is in hot demand for their talent.
So it’s not that talent fades.
I have still got my drawing, painting skills, my singing skills, and many other
skills. I have always loved the arts and I will always love the arts. I have always
admired people who are musicians too and people who are creative in other ways.
But it wasn’t talent that really helped me to forge a path for myself.
It was having a meaning in my life.
It was trying to understand how I can combine these talents to solve a problem
out there, whether it is better entertainment, or knowledgebase etc.
This is not easy for talented people because a talented person will also have other
creative skills, and so they don’t know which one to do.
They don’t know how to connect the dots from the creative skill or talent, to turn
into currency, money, or business, where there is a demand for it.
When you don’t know how to do that and all you do is create, it can be exhausting
because you got the real world creeping on you real fast:
1. Bills to pay
2. Debts
3. Food
4. Clothes
5. etc
So the situation of the talented person is dictated now by other forces and they
are being pulled from left to right, up and down.
It’s not that talent fades..
It’s the consistent enthusiasm that can be diﬃcult.
But with the right mentor or someone they hire who has done it before, or knows
how to do it, they can ﬁnd that ﬁre again burning because this makes it so clear
on what to do.
However, even then, the person’s own habit, their own lack of self esteem, their
emotions due to some challenge in life can make them lose it, procrastinate, and
sad which messes things up, to stay focused.
So in the end, the enemy of the artists is their friend too.
It is their emotions.
Talented creative people can be very emotional and because we are very
emotional, wear our hearts on our sleeves, direct in our intention even with all
things, like dating, love, we can get dissappointed and it can make us feel down,
and it can slow us down, and it can bite us in ass too.
It can make us do irritational things we regret doing and we try then to amend
but it can be diﬃcult to amend, because it involves people, who by the way don’t
make things any easier because they got their own insecurities too.

There was a time I didn’t draw for 5 years.
I started again, the drawing, sletching never dissappeared, still there, burning
brightly.
I didn’t dance for some years, but I walked into a Hip Hop class because a friend
wanted me to come and I danced, and I still had the moves which inspired the
young because they saw a 40s man ﬂexible, doing all the moves, like he was 16
years old and with the same ﬁre and energy.
I felt that joy again. I stopped and looked into the large mirrors and saw the
young man staring at me smiling. My own reﬂection.
It never left me.
I didn’t sing for a while, 4 years because a friend of my died. One of my closest, a
rapper. That hit me hard and I stopped singing. I was angry because he was
talented and no one helped him and he was messed around by record deals left
right and centre.
I didn’t know it hit him real hard until it was far too late.
Some people are good hiding their emotions and feelings to such even their own
closest relatives and friends won’t know.
Years later I walked into a large venue, a friend saw me, told me to get on stage
and I sang. It is still there and never left.
It is the emotions we have to watch out for.
If you practiced a lot, got your talent to a certain level, it is diﬃcult that it will go
away. Maybe you be a little rusty but it doesn’t take much to get back on track
with resonable expectations.
Yes, it is our emotions we need to watch out for.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What happens to the cool kids after Highschool?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Updated Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah yes, the cool kids.
You know the Hollywood movie, where you see this cool guy, and he’s getting all
girls, and doing great socialising? You know, how he is just going for it in life, just
not fearing rejection, just doing his own thing and not worried about social
pressure and all that?
Then you see the movie showing he leaves school, and then he gets int trouble
because he didn’t do much studies, and no girl wants him now, and he ends up as
a druggie, and then homeless, and he just can’t ﬁnd his way?
And then everyone watches and feels better because it made their sorry ass life
look fantastic compared to this guy in the movie?
You know those movies and also how people tell you all those awful stories where
bad boys end up unhappy, and the lover who dated lots of girls, and women, ends
up all alone, sad, miserable with no hope in the world?
Dream on.
It makes money. It’s the happy clappy feeling to make other guys who are
insecure, lack conﬁdence, to feel good about themselves and women who bitch
about men, feel also some sense of happiness that he got what he deserved.

You know, the women who are not in stability relationships but probably bored
out of their brains. Or with some guy who is a boyfriend but he’s boring the living
daylights out of her.
So you hear all kinds of stories of how they dated a bad guy, the cool guy, and how
so useless they are and they ended up broke, homeless blah blah.
The reality is very diﬀerent.
Many of the cool kids I knew are now superstars in sales and marketing. and
other industries. Most of them didn’t like school and into academic way.
They learnt their own way, self taught.
Many diﬀerent paths than just school and degrees.
Imagine what I write and what I know.
Now here’s the facts too. I failed all in school.
And yet, I now attract the degree, the Phd, the engineers, to doctors, to all kinds
of people wanting my knowledge on…dating women, strategy in business and
clarity in direction for their career to marketing and willing to pay what I say.
So much then for how it I will end up sad, misirable blah blah, because of studies.
These guys were so good at social skills that a guy working his ass oﬀ, studying,
now earning probably 25k or 40k, but these guys I know earning around 100k,
drive sport cars and got women pursuing them.
The bad boy, also doesn’t end up broke, poor, but becomes an entrepreneur, with
creative skills.
He knows…how…to..hustle.
Many academic guys do not know how to hustle in life.
They were staying in comfort zone for a long time, and still stay shy, still say to
themselves over and over again “…because..I’m an introvert and I am so shy and I
am not good with people and..”
Can you imagine saying that to yourself everyday?
It will do damage and program their unconscious to always believe that is the
case, and so they never really move out of that place for years and some never do.
The cool kids had good social skills.
They already had high self image and self esteem.
They are good at social networking and I know 6 of them right now making
millions from Instagram. They are now bodybuilders and two of them are highly
paid ﬁtness instructors.
Other guys I know sells sports cars and another travels around the world doing
adventureous stuﬀ, ﬁlms and sells the movie clips to stock ﬁlm companies.
You see, it is very common to try to compensate one’s own failures, one’s own
insecurities to some other guy, and then paint some sad story.
But the reality is, the bad boy doesn’t ﬁnd himself alone and crying, and hitting
rock bottom. He ﬁnds himself with tons of women. He has a business and doing
great. He has the social skills, he knows the game of life.
Just because he didn’t really do well with studies, that suddenly now he will fail
all his life?

The cool guy is still cool, and goes out there and kicks ass with his social skills,
and because he already learnt much on the social part in school, and didn’t fall
for the bullshit nice guys do, he ups the bar by more skills to succeed elsewhere.
So don’t fall for the sob stories and movies.
I know plenty of these cool kids and bad boys, and they all grown up, and nothing
most people say about them, has turned out that way in their life.
These kind of stories are just to make people feel good. It sells. It makes money. It
gives the guy who can’t get girls a feeling of satisfaction that someone they blame
is not doing well… because he fears rejection, and he is a loner because he made
himself as one.
So it feels good that someone else has a more crappy life than he does.
That’s not nice is it.
That’s really not great to think of misfortune on someone else.
If someone is unhappy with their life or results, then they can do something
about it without trying to compare their life with someone else.
Not all of us liked school. Not all text book study type of people. Some of us are
creative in our own way and blaze our own path, in our own way.
63.5k Views · View Upvoters

If the woman you love told you "Tell me something I can hold
on to forever and never let go", what would you tell her apart
from a banal "I love you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - tell me something I can hold onto forever and never let go.
Me - I have life time supply of your favourite ice cream that gets delivered and
packed in my fridge whenever you want…to devour at your pleasure.” ;)
Woman - YES!
2k Views · View Upvoters

What is your advice for single people who feel lonely?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do the following..
1. Think diﬀerent.
Understand you are where you are because of your own thinking, which
got you to make decisions and choose to be lonely. Lonely isn’t about
having friends or people in your life. Lonely is a choice in which one
believes they lack self worth and unworthy.
I can be alone for years but I will never feel…lonely.
2. You are not lonely but you do lack resources. One of these resources is
you do not have a network of people, friends. Therefore to create
resources you need to take action in the outside world.
3. Focus on your passion, what you like, interested in.
If you look at what you’re into..you will ﬁnd many events, that cater for
such things. Find out where they are and go there. Get out of your house
and meet the world and doing so in the things that interest you.

4. Consistency
The more you go out and give yourself to the world with an attitude you
are bringing value, engaging people to bring value, the more people will
be familiar with you at these events. Keep going, make it a plan for every
week to go out and engage with the world.
5. Repeat and rinse
Then do this over and over again. Through time you will ﬁnd you need to
brush up on your social and conversation skills. You may ﬁnd you will
need to learn other skills too if it’s for dating. So do it. Invest the time to
learn more and grow more.
That’s really it.
You need to change the way you think and stop self sabotaging in telling yourself
your introvert, shy, don’t know anyone because that don’t help you.
It is you programming your mind to keep you where you are.
Change the script.
Change the story but also do the actions or the brain will not believe that this is
really what you want out of life.
10.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Selvaraghavan Raghuraman

What's the bravest thing you have ever done?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I do it mostly every time through the months, weeks.
For most men and women, it makes their heart race, it’s like they are about to
commit suicide. Their whole body sometimes freezes whenever they are about to
do this thing. Some people take even years doing this one action.
It’s terriﬁes them.
It’s like they are visiting Nightmare in Elm Street for real.
That which supposed to be fun, enjoyable has become a nightmare for some. An
action that terriﬁes every inch of their body.
They can feel their heart pounding, the worse scenerios run through their mind
everyday. They start to sweat a little, they feel a shiver shoot through their spine,
and they even feel sick in their stomache.
Some people have certain tactics but even with these tactics, they can’t do it. It’s
so hard for people to do this. It’s so big for them that if they was about to do it
now…their legs will cave in.
It’s like their whole word is about to crumble and death is about to meet them
face to face, and so they get parylyzed in taking the action because they feel if
they do, they might not be able to take the negative repercussions that might
come from it, though the negative is actually a positive if they see it the way I do.
I know some women and men even dissappear and self sabotage the process.
Some even do all kinds of weird moves, some just become a ghost. It’s like they
behave as a diﬀerent person altogether.
Some get real busy to avoid doing it. Some create rationality in their mind about
it and do something else. Some create wonderful stories on what can happen to
make them feel better but they never take action.
Others even judge the person who makes it easier for them when he or she
approaches. Like all their insecurities and fears, bad experiences of the past is

now projecting onto the person who has made it easier for them.
Here it is..
I say to the woman who I am attracted to immediately, without hesitation…that I
desire her, I am attracted to her and what can happen if she says yes.
Either way, I surrender whatever comes.
If yes, great, now she has made it easier and I made it easier, so we can forget all
these games that are nothing more than to cover our own insecurities to move
forward.
If she says no, great. I at least got clarity and I move on.
If I don’t get any but ambigouity, I simply move on. There is no need to chase and
I just move on.
What most don’t realise is this..
I go through these feelings always and most think I am the badass, the Natural,
the one who got nerves of steel, the gifted one….but they don’t realise, when I do
it, I have those same feelings running through me.
The same feelings other people feel, I feel it to. It doesn’t go away.
They don’t realise that I say sometimes the outrageous to women so they can feel
at ease, stop worrying if they are nor perfect and have fun. I even go for as to
sexualise like most men eve dare to let her know, if she thinks she got anything to
be embrassed about, or feels guilty about her desires, pleasures, sexuality,
fantasies, then now is the time where she hasn’t got these fears anymore.
I have lead to reveal them anyway and so, she can take it with a smart mind that I
am but breaking these walls of superstitions, inventions,so we can cut through
the games, manipulation to get real with this.
That leading takes a lot from my side. I have to lead where women fear to do so,
say what most fear to say, behave where most won’t due to fear of oﬀending but I
have also found smart women who knew exactly what I am doing and
appreciated it a lot.
Some though, never click.
Some bring their own insecurities, pre-judging, and so, they will never really
know me and I will sadly never really get to know who they truly are. That is life.
Some come and dissappear, some come as visitors to stay a little long due to
intrigue, others out of boredom but some out of sincere interest and intent.
So just because I know how, know how to do what I do, doesn’t mean I don’t feel
the same feelings as many other people.
It’s just conﬁdence.
Conﬁdence is doing what you fear. It is doing it without holding back. It is just
doing it without the fear most men and women have..
“Oh but I might scare the woman/man away.”
You cannot scare the one who is seriously interested in you and the one who
dissappears, says this or that was already waiting for some excuse, has already
came with doubt and has already come with some game plan that doesn’t and
won’t bring much value.
You don’t buy conﬁdence. You don’t get it by reading about it. You don’t get it by
repeating some positive words.

You get it by going through the pain in doing the task over and over again, until
you become stronger, skilled at it and eﬃcient to know it’s face very well. It
becames natural for you to do it but you still feel those feelings.
We become strong than the fear of social pressures and on what someone else
thinks of us. You become strong against the confusion that most women and men
promote with their self righteous morality regarding modesty, sex when really all
these ideals are but supestition from acient religions. Nothing more but social
comditioning to cover their own guilt and shame about that which is then most
natural thing in then world.
In fact, the number one guilt and shame from women is always heard and always
roam their mind because most of them deﬁne sex as their identity.
“Oh he might use me.”
Like she cannot say no to sex. Like she hasn’t got power to say no but when she
does say no, and a man walks away, she doesn’t see it is his right to walk way. That
he has the right to choose say no and that he has the right to do as he please too,
and she is also not entitled.
So forget this fear that she or he will reject you.
Most of the rejection if not not all, isn’t about you.
It is about the person preferences, their own map in their mind, their own social
conditioning, their own masks they wear and so, they never really trusted
themselves, never mind trusting you.
They don’t even believe in good that comes from them and they think someone
has this voodoo magic to make them do what they don’t. In other words, some
people come with his idea they are not responsible for their own sexuality and
then use labels to judge others.
So you may think it is about you but really, the amount of insecurities, fears,
social conditioning the other person has before even meeting you is so much,
that they may not even see the good in you.
That’s why you don’t take rejections personally.
That’s really it.
Some of us done it enough time to master in going through the pain instead of
letting the pain go through us.
Don’t be too hard on yourself if you still can’t do it. Don’t regret about losing
someone because you didn’t say how you felt about them.
They too had a choice to see your attractive qualities and say it but they didn’t.
There are billions of people on this planet. Don’t regret. Go and live and ﬁnd your
courage. See someone else you like and go for it.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Girlfriend of 3 years wants space and can't promise she will
come back to me. Will she miss me if I go NC and come back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not confused. You’re just hoping she’ll come back. That’s not confused. That’s
not being smart and understanding the reality of what you’re in.
1. Don’t wait for her
2. Get out of the comfort zone

3. Approach other girls, go out have fun
4. Then when you got a date…..
5. If she comes back, remind her of her exact words…
“You said you can’t promise you’ll be back and so, it was over. Done. Bye.”
Move on.
Don’t wait and don’t be confused. There is no confusion here. There is only
accepting the reality and moving forward. Keep moving forward
894 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of your Quora followers?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think they are a bunch of nutters. Yes, they are ballsy people, got guts and have
decided enough is enough of the bullshit. So now they follow quietly, always
watching, reading and then going out there to apply whatever they read.
Yes, they are a bunch of crazy abnormal people who follow me because normal is
boring as hell, and who the hell wants normal anyway, like it’s suppose to be
special. Meh, they are a rare breed who follow me.
Probably already creating mayhem in world with positive vibe and all the bullshit
of social norm, dating myths and all the game women and men play are bouncing
oﬀ them, as they grin for seeing the red ﬂags way ahead.
Some I hear got dates, having fun now, having sex and wondering what the hell
where their parents talking about, and how the hell they even survived this long
with the crap they learnt from Cosmo magazines or from the mainstream.
Yes, some even trashed all their bollywood movies and hollywood movies, and
vowed they never learn or use any dating stuﬀ from these stuﬀ.
And all that “soul mate” and writing love letters to some girl or guy they got crush
on is dead, gone, over. They are now probably doing all the direct approach and
realised..
“Holy shit! I should have done this long ago! It works. I just got rid of the pain in the
ass attention seeker and the one who wanted emotional support, and moved so fast
approaching 30 women/men that I got date! This shit works!”
So yes, my followers are bunch of sexy crazed abnormal ballsy people.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

The girl that I like is super busy and often forgets things,
including things she said she'd text me about. Should I be
concerned if she's this busy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know what you’re thinking..“what if I become a priority in her life then all will
change, and she’ll text lots and reply fast and..”
Forget mate. Don’t even go there.
When a woman is really into a guy, she can be as busy as hell but she will be so
wanting to know him. You’re going to ﬁnd that out if you keep going and ﬁnd
some women who are into you for real will reply, and will be eager.

Right now, she's probably ﬁshing for more attention from 10 guys and pretending
she’s a princess, on how she is such a good girl, and saying that to the guys out
there. Probably writing some resume on Quora right now to answer why woud
someone date her, and she be telling all the 10 guys she’s getting attention from
on why, that she’s a sleeping beauty, princess, such a good girl, and nice, easy to
love, got a great body and she is honest…
See it in the context. I don’t mind people saying they're hot, this and that. I am
talking about how it is in dating, that you cannot wait for girls or really anyone.
You create options or you will lose your mind and get depressed.
You think you are the only one but she’d have tons of guys texting her and
telling you she’s so… busy.
And even when she isn’t busy…let’s say she isn’t…you don’t want to wait
around because nothing is really set.
If you want to be frustrated, then wait around but if you want less frustration, if
you really want to enjoy the process of dating, I’d create options.
I’d approach other women and have options because you cannot aﬀord waiting
around with women. You cannot aﬀord to even think that just because you
talked, got her number and she got yours, something going to happen so soon, or
even happen at all.
Some even have this idea, that it is better to play hard to get. That they just don’t
try talk lots, text lots, message lots because they learnt from social norms, from
myths, from mummy, daddy, friends, magazines that it’s better not to show too
much interest which defeats the purpose but there we go.
They probably did all that, real fast, for some idoit, and now because of that guy
or some guys, they are a bit cautious, slow…tedious, reserved, doing all that
bullshit hard to get games, or mystery crap, and so, you be in middle of all that
mess, waiting for her to move one tiny step at a time towards you.
That’s why..
It’s best to have options.
That way you got lots of women you’re dating, and knowing nothing oﬃcial yet,
and you keep screening them out, ﬁltering them out, and don’t believe a damn
word they say about how they are awesome, so ideal for dating… but see their
behaviour with you, see how they interact with you, take your time observing and
you’ll see who they are for real.
See if they are consistent in communicating with you. See if they keep their word
when they say they will call or text you. See what they do next but always have
options no matter what.
Listen to your gut instinct.
For now, this is just one girl, one, when you need to ﬁll your funnel with many
because most of them will be fake, most are so stressed out, most can’t be assed,
most young and just into romance bullshit, and some you will ﬁnd will prioritise
you, will reply fast, will want to know you.
But you need to create those options or you wait for someone, get frustrated,
waste your time, energy and emotions when you can have fun seeing others.
You’ll be looking at your phone for her text all day and banging your head on the
wall.
Create options!
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Are guys who don't know how to ﬂirt, considered losers in
dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you know the deﬁnition of a loser and winner?
No, not the social conditioning explaination but the real deal.
A winner is someone who strives to understand themselves, who face their own
demons, who work to develop themselves, understanding why they think in this
and that way, and in doing so they grow to be self aware of their own habits,
thoughts and so forth.
So losing and winning is a personal thing, it has nothing to do with how others
see someone.
Has nothing to do with material gain, wealth, status, popularity and if they can
ﬂirt or can’t ﬂirt.
If a person doesn’t know how to ﬂirt it just means he hasn’t learnt the skill or she
hasn’t learnt the skill. It just means something they don’t know how to do or
maybe, they don’t want to know how to do.
It doesn’t mean they are a loser.
Loser is really a personal thing and has nothing to do with how others see
someone.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do you pursue your goals in life without nothing in hand?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, this is something I share with you in a practical sense as I have done this
before.
1. I ﬁgured out what will bring meaning to my life which is impacting
people using what I love doing. One part of my life is I love sex, love
dating, and I ﬁgured out lots of problems which I solved.
2. I got a laptop and internet connection. So I found a free platform and
began answering questions. I focused only on what I know best, what I a
am knowledegable in and what I already do in my life. I know the
problems, I know the solutions,. I have solved all the problems already so
I can answer any questions and doing it in my own personal blunt
straight forward style.
3. I had the big goal but I focused on one goal to another. The ﬁrst goal is
building awareness that I exist. That’s it. Nothing else but to get word out
by answering questions and bigger goal is doing it even much bigger. So I
had a strategy in mind already which competitors won’t be able to copy
later on. And if they tried, they’d have a hard time trying to do it too. But
for now, it is all about giving, sharing knowledge and that alone builds
awareness I exist by just using one platform for now that’s free.
4. I began answering tons of questions on the topic. I was persistent and
after some months I got lots of messages. Most I screen out because I
haven’t time to advise people freely on messaging and I already give
freely by answering questions.
5. That’s when the serious people starting coming, people who have good
income, and not broke, and who value knowledge. They wanted help
fast, ask questions, get answers fast using skype session.

6. I used paypal and they paid.
7. Now you got $500 in your hand! Or $1,000 in your hand. Or $5,000. Yes,
you can make that if you know your ﬁeld well and consistent.
8. But I needed to speed the process. Quora is a great platform but I needed
to make things more eﬃcient and create bigger reach and automated
system way in some of my approaches so I have more time to travel to
meet my lovers and do other things.
I decided on a more eﬃcient model. Digital, online.
So…
9. I wanted also my own platform (website) and to speed it all up, to help
more people in a big way. That means my own books, my own online
training course, and so those who can’t aﬀord private skype session can
buy the books or go on the membership courses.
Or buy the monthly newsletter on speciﬁc problem solving on dating,
like approaching, getting a date, what to avoid, avoiding friendzone,
conversation process, texting and phone process for dating, relationship
management problems, right to sex, foreplay, etc cetre.
This is where I am now. Planning, designing, getting ready for the next
step with clear cut strategy.
10. Due to what I have done, I have people who have specialised skill in
building websites, coding and all that and so I exchange my knowledge
and they exchange their skill to build what I need.
So like a mutual beneﬁt and to have things agreed on paper so we know
what we said we will give to each other. Any debates, we only need to
look at what we agreed on on paper.
You see, you are the secret.
Proﬁt is only a feedback to the choices you make, the right decisions you make.
Now think about step one and take it from there.
942 Views · View Upvoters

What are some hints that you're coming out of the friend zone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Coming out of a friendzone? You ask like the other person has some power when
they don’t. I laugh when women and men think they have that power.
Take that away from someone is very easy.
You move on. You don’t need hints. You take action to move on.
I am going to assume it’s a guy and if it’s a woman, hey, just see it as same.
1. Show intent from day one.
That way you are not used as emotional support and also, you don’t have
women who don’t know what the they want but ﬂirt for ego, attenion
seeking and because they are bored shit.
You won’t believe the time it saves and drama you avoid.
I even had women get upset why I won’t be friends. I even had women

try it with messages in starting with “hey bro.” I immediately tell women
I’m not their brother nor their friend.
2. If she she says she’s not interested move on.
If she doesn’t show clear intent and acts all ambigious, move on. If she
tries to avoid answering, move on. If she tries to do some dissappearing
act afterwards, good riddance. Block on every channel and devises. If she
has your contact details and doesn’t take action after she said she would,
move on. If she does the dissappearing act, move on.
3. Have options
I don’t know where people get this idea of focusing on one person where
nothing has been oﬃcial. You need to create options because even if a
woman says yes, and you date once…it doesn’t mean you’ll see her again.
Just because she gave contact details, doesn’t mean she’s serious but can
give false number and just doing it to keep you hooked or on standby.
Just because she says she admires you blah blah…doesn’t mean she is
going to go any further. Have options, other women you see and focus on
prioritising and moving forward with the one who is taking unitative,
who is compatible and who isn’t playing some hard to get games.
So the choice and control is on you not someone else.
You don’t need hints. You don’t need to wait. You don’t need to give anyone
control or orbit around someone who doesn’t really want you in their life.
A person is only in a place because of hope, because of desperation, lack of
options and thinking this one person is the only option.
They are not. Plenty of women and men on this planet.
If any talk about “but I love..” well love isn’t enough. It never is and never has
been. Go and see how many marry and divoirce, how many break up after they
did all that sweet talk, sex, relationship.
Love is not enough and it doesn’t conquer all.
10.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jonthue Michel

When a girl who has no feelings for you, becomes your ultimate
goal to win her heart and do you still think trying to impress
her is a correct thing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I suggest you stop watching Bollywood movies. This sounds to me like someone
from a culture, like India or somewhere where they believe in all this soul mate
bullshit, and ﬁghting for love, impressing the girl until she says yes.
And when I answer, you will still give me some bullshit about “if, and but..”
It’s simple..
1. Show intent clearly from beginning. Don’t worry if it looks desperate, I
don’t give a fuck if it does. I show my intent clearly, saying I am
interested in her and for her to now show intent back.
2. I only care about FUCK YES. If I don’t get that or there is an ambigious
answer, which most women do if they are players or attention seekers, or
want emotional support, or got baggage —- then I see it as FUCK NO and
moving on.
They get blocked, deleted, unfollowed. Done. Moving on.

So when I approach or when a girl contacts me, I am not impressing. I am seeing
if she is ﬁrst feels same way.
If not, she will show her true face soon enough and that’s my cue to move on.
No need for chasing and doing what so many see in movies and romance novels.
That’s how you get your heart stamped on and handed back to you.
If you don’t want to get hurt, move on.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Brother getting laid all the time. It's making me jealous and
angry. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know how you feel. I am the older brother and my younger brothers, weren’t
getting much results with the girls. I was.
I was seen all time with extremely attractive women and one time, I went to a
night club called Limit. My brother wanted to come and so I said sure, if he keeps
things quiet and so he agreed, and went with me.
He got a shock because I’d be breaking all the social norm rules and the culture
we come from.
Kissing women, grabbing one woman who then danced with me and we’re
grinding on ﬂoor. Next hour, I walk out with a girl, giving me a blow job in alley
and back again I take her into night club.
My brother got one helluva culture shock.
As well as all he heard about women is now turning into confusion because he’s
seeing everything that’s not “supposed” to happen due to what society rules say,
happening before his eyes.
He also saw the other side of me no one in the community I lived in saw.
Next day, I saw my younger brother, he seemed depressed. I asked what’s up but
he said it was nothing, school.
So I didn’t know.
His depression was spiralling and so I had to ask again and he said nothing.
It was only 6 months later he told me.
So he was my ﬁrst very student in dating and I began teaching him, and every day
he spent time with me, as I helpled him to grow his conﬁdence.
One day, he was walking with a big smile on his face.
He asked the girl he liked but she said no.
Now you may think he should be whining about the girls and rejection.
But here’s the next part..
“She said no and so I smiled, walked away and approached another girl and
another. Through months I got 40 rejections but then I got a yes.”
He was more proud about how tough he became, how conﬁdent he became than
having a girl saying yes to him.
He now realised what I was trying to say to him. He walked on my path for just a
little while.

I met his girlfriend the next day.
They are now married with 3 children. He has his own business and growing. He
didn’t just learn approaching women. He learnt a lot more.
I didn’t really teach him. Instead I just helped him to ﬁnd who he is from within
because as a man who trains other, I believe I do not teach anyone what they
don’t already know.
I but help them to see it in them and unlock the treasure within them. I help them
connect the dots and make it more practical, organised, systematic for them to
apply without the clutter of their minds and societies rules.
As Galileo once wrote..
“You cannot teach a man anything. You can only help him discover it
himself.”
So talk to your brother.
He doesn’t know how you feel.
See the positive.
There is a brother of yours who knows how.
Ask him for help. He isn’t going to say no if you ask politely and share how
frustrating it’s been with you with girls.
And if your brother is unwilling, then ﬁnd a way. Knowledge is there and it is
better to focus in being proactive than your insecurities.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How would you describe the perfect boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t say how to be perfect in anything as there is no such thing.
However, I can provide what has helped in which I have amazing lovers who have
been with me for years, and lovers I have got to know.
1. Self respect
You ask on how you become a perfect boyfriend but I never ask this. I ask
what I want in a woman. I have values. I have boundaries. It leads to the
following which has enriched all my relationships..
2. Compatibility
In knowing your self worth, knowing what you want in a woman, you
approach in a way to not impress but to ﬁnd out if she is compatible with
you.
Many women do connect with me online and oﬄine as an example come
with a certain type of attitude.
I ﬁnd many red ﬂags especially online because online they see my
writing, and then assume to approach me with this idea they know me.
They don’t know anything about me.
They see me writing about dating etc and assume I am now going to do
some voodoo plan. I know they come with this mentality because they
come with doubt, I can read between the words they type and I see their
lack of action.

That’s their own insecurities not mine.
So I look for compatibility in that a woman shows a positive attitude
towards me, her intent she desires me is clear and we come to an an
action in moving forward.
She is not following some set social norm rules, she is not into
monogamy, she is sexually conﬁdent, she has no qualms about sex, she
doesn’t see sex deﬁnes her but has a lot more to oﬀer than making sex as
some big deal, such as her personality, her values in life, her passion in
life and so forth.
That she is also fun, because I am fun, adventureous, and a man who is
playful at times, and it may come across in a negative light for some
women but that’s me. I am not going to suddenly become someone else
to impress. I love talking, love long conversations, I type a lot and so if
they can’t handle a conversation and if they got some clueless idea that
when a man shows direct intent and gives time as desperate, well now I
know they full of themselves and into social norm fallacies.
So compatibility ﬁrst including her attitide towards me from day one and
attitude towards life, nature, other human beings. That she is not
someone who follows the norms too much, she does blaze her own path
and she isn’t worried too much about what others think.
She’s secure in herself and loving, kind, compassionate. If she has love
for arts, music, or science, awesome, thats an added value.
3. Communication
In all the things most mess up in is this. In fact this is always the problem
with dating from day one. People just do not get rid of their social mask
they wear and show intent immediately due fear of rejection.
So in the begining, you’d both be open in sharing what you desire, what
you want from each other and yes, I am very open about sex too. We
speak about everything regarding it and if a woman is not going to give
me details abouot it, then I know she is into this fallacy of romance and
thinks it happens by reading one’s mind. I have no qualms talking about
sex, about how, where and all the rest most do not speak about.
But also on boundaries, which are very important.
So you communicate instead of assume, you speak up if something you
don’t like or not sure of instead of fearing of losing the woman.
As you can see, it is not really about being perfect with anything.
It is being honest with yourself, athentic, credible, on what it is you want in a
woman and later in a relationship. This alllows you to then attract a woman who
desires the same thing and ﬁlter out the women who do not.
It reduces drama.
It reduces over thinking.
It reduces future problems you can get rid of before you even approach a woman
or before a woman contacts you using social media.
There is no perfection but there is an attitude, in which you and the woman are
willing with mutual consent, work towards a process you both believe in. You’d

work together not to compete but to love one another and work towards this
process as a goal in which you make each other happy.
I see many in relationships who are immature, who are ill prepared with
themselves and yet want to date, and be in a relationship.
They are not honest, authentic and they are not equipped with experience,
knowledge and skill.
So forget about what she wants in perfection as there is no such thing.
Instead ﬁgure out what you wantin a woman, what are your values, what are your
boundaries, whay are important to you so when time comes…you can
communicae, disscuss and screen out the women who are not compatible and
spend more time with someone who is compatible.
It’s not only you who needs to work a relationship at it but her too.
It’s not just women who can say no, but you can too.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Javarus Smith

Has anyone ever been scared to death?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was scared of death but not anymore.
The reason I was scared of death back then is because I was focusing much on the
past and even the future, and not in the present moment.
The moment I shifted my mindset which did take time to do, I began to live in the
moment, and in doong so, I began to live the life I’ve always wanted..
I can now, at a young age in my 40s, for only a glimpse, say that I have totally
crushed the bad times of the past with amazing life, adventures. So much so. I
can be satisﬁed now, that when I meet death, it won’t be fear that meets death,
but a friend, to smile and to say, “welcome. I did all I could.”
So look then not in the past nor the future.
Live in the moment.
If you have a lover or lovers, love them with all your heart, express your feelings
to them, never holding back.
If you got dreams, I understand the fears but just go for it. You will probably fail
but hey, so what. None of it is a big deal but what is, that you at least never said
never, and tried.
If you worry about something you can’t do, no matter if it’s accounting for a
business, or a skill. There is always someone who knows how to do that. You don’t
need to know everything.
Just make the ﬁrst step because a thousand steps, starts with the ﬁrst one.
Death is not our enemy.
It is a message that it is now time to leave and go home, wherever that maybe or
whether it exist or not. It is time and so with our time, we give it all we got now.
Love now. Never reget if it didn’t work out.
Do now, never regret if you failed.
Yoi see someone ypui lioke, say it to them.

If yu’re in a relationship tat’s fycked up,time to stand up and end it. Life is short.
If an opportunity comes and someone is good for you, for pete sake, don’t tell
yourself your not worthy, or make logical assuptions they will trick you. You don’t
know a person until you get to know them. Size the opportunity and let them now
your boundaries.
If someone wastes time, does not show intent, desire for you after you have
shown, let them go, end it, block them, move on. They are not worthy of your
time. Life is too short for people who are uncertain of what they want from
someone else.
Tomorrow is never ours.
It is not guaranteed we will live the next second, hour or day.
We only have now, this moment.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is that one thing you consider yourself lucky for?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The one thing I am consider lucky is…the meaning to my life.
Many people do things and work in jobs, or follow a path that isn’t really theirs.
Their life seem tedious, they are bored and some feel they have no direction.
Many still ask how to ﬁnd their passion.
Women and men, feel like they have two people inside them. In one hand there is
the social conditioned who is restricted by myths, legend stories, insecurities and
fears to having to wear their social mask.
Dictated by someone else’s belief, relion, culture, social norm rules, parents belief
system, friends belief system and on and on it goes, to continue to wear many
social masks that they don’t know who they are anymore.
People know what they want. People know what makes them feel alive. People
also know what they don’t want but they see what they got to let go of, the
comfort zone and it’s just scary for them.
The path of uncertainty needs courage.
On the other hand, there is another inside of them that has so many goals,
dreams, adventures, hopes, fantaasies they lock inside of them, wishing they
could live them in their lives. Secrets they’d never ever share to close friends.
Two people consistently battling inside of them and it is a constant struggle of
the self and in wearing social masks. Not knowing the meaning of their life
because they think their meaning and their self worth is deﬁned by external stuﬀ
like their look, their status, then money they earn and even with these, they feel
empty, confused and even in relatinships that restricts them.
Everyday an opportunity comes in their life but they play with theopportunitiues
and they stay in that comfort zone. To such opportunity walks away, shuts the
door, blocks, unfollows, and moves on as it has always done.
But for me, I have always just did what made me feel alive.
There were tough choices to make.
When I look back my wealth won’t be mansions, cars, millions of dollars and
smile at these. It be the lives of people who have changed, grow, found the
courage and a way to be happy, who realised something, got their “Aha!”

moment…and able to connect the dots to why, what and how to move forward in
their lives.
Whether it is from my writing, my songs, my books, my illustrations explaining
the concepts and revealing solutions is how I focus on doing it.
I see myself a pioneer, cutting through the bullshit that has messed dating
process up. that has put many people in vulernable positions. Vocal and not
hiding what I am trying to say, clear, detailed and precise.
With the knowledge they can see, they can screen these people out fast, they can
ﬁlter them out instantly, they can see the Transactional games these people play.
The can see the red ﬂags as clear as day and this time, they listen to their gut
instinct.
They can see who the attention seeker is faster, who the ones who just want
emotional support faster, who is not really into them faster but wants their ego
stroked…..to ﬁnding compatibilty with courage, and belief in themselves that
they are worthy to be loved by the people who will love hem with an
understanding no one is their propety and object.
They can even change their lifestyles as I have done this many a times before
with other people who found themselves stuck in a career they just didn’t choose
but followed due to making someone else happy.
They wake up fom following and living someone else’s rules ad society social
rules and begin to live by their rules…and…attact similar people who feel the
same way.
The authentic, credible, true way that embraces their own true inner voice and
power, rather than believing their strength lies out there.
They ﬁnd their beiief in themselves, they ﬁnd loving themselves ﬁrst is the
priority, they ﬁnd rasing their standards and having boundaries is a must with
empathy not spitefulness.
They ﬁnd this need for validation fade away and the realisation no one completes
them but they got a lot to oﬀer to whoever they do meet and love.
They also ﬁnd love for humanity as they now begin to understand the
psychological and other aspects on why human beings behave in a certain way.
They see now empathy rather than anger, hate, judgement and bitterness.
They learn a lot about themselves and in doing so, they learn now a lot of the
world around them.
Many clients pay me for the work and those who read my answers here think I did
good for for them, but it is me who should be thankful.
It’s me who should feel blessed because in solving their problems, in seeing them
grow, in seeing their courage, in seeing them now become happy, in seeing they
cannow connect the dots….it gives meaning to my life.
The one thing I am lucky for is I have…meaning in my life.
So on that ﬁnal note, I thank them all for giving me the meaning for my life. Since
I am on Quora, I’ll just show a few examples from what I receieve from this site,
and I’ve removed images and names to protect their privacy…

We don’t need to ﬁnd passion.
We just need to do what makes us feel alive and that will bring the passion and
the meaning for our life.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I’m in high school and have “come out of my shell” recently.
What does it mean when a guy that I don’t get along with at all

keeps staring at me in a really focused way with a smirk on his
face?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m wrong person to send these type of questions because I don’t look at signs
and hints. I think they are are a waste of time and anyone looking at them seeks
validation, assuming and over thinking too much.
No one can read someone’s mind.
Let me introduce you to…Felix, my cat….

When he wants something, food, he goes right to my chair and sits on it. He isn’t
taking any chances. He wants me to know directly what he wants.
He’s similar to me.
He doesn’t give hints. He doesn’t meow for food. He just goes to my chair and sits
on and if I am on it, he jumps up and looks at me.
I know he wants food.
He’s direct. He says it as it is with his behaviour.
Same in life.
I attract the ones who are so sure of themselves, got self esteem, conﬁdence and
that they smile at me, wave, and even turn to walk over a few steps to tell me to
come over.
Online, they send me messages and tell me..
“I like you, love your work and I want you.”
Smart women! They read and they seen who I am, and they know if they
approach me like most women with signals, hints, I’d switch oﬀ. I will assume
they are attention seekers who just want validation.
They know I am the go getter, fast, right now and if you want romance, we can
leave that for later. First show intent. It’s so damn simple but most women just
got to put on the insecure fragile princess act. It’s a turn oﬀ for me.
The ones who I know are serious will say what they want and when, and even
how. They do it lovingly, feminine way. They say it clearly.
Those that don’t, I avoid like the damn plague because it reveals a game, it reveals
they come to test, it reveals they are insecure about themselves and their looks,
and so I am going to have problems in future with them..
“Oooh why did you say I am awesome. I thnk I am boring.”
I know this is path now for self sabotage and I know I might as well shut it down,
and move on because she’d self sabotage whatever happens in future anyway.
Conﬁdence. It is shown in behaviour.
If you want to know, go and do something about it.
Talk to the guy.
That’s really it or if he’s not approaching, ignore and just keep doing whatever
your are doing because it can mean anything.
And we look at things and over thinking due to wanting to believe something is
there with all this “focused stare, smirk on face,” etc.

Nothing to think about.
Imagine 100 guys doing that. What then?
Your priority is on who takes action not who stares or smirks, or focus gaze, or
whatever. Or you approach if you want to ﬁnd out.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Keelih Scott

What should I do if this girl is toying with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what you do.
1. She is ONE woman. Don’t be that guy waiting…waiting. Approach other
women outside your job and create options.
2. She isn’t your girlfriend. She isn’t anything yet. So don’t make her a
priority to such you don’t approach other women outside your job. Don’t
over think this. It’s common sense. Create options.
3. Now when you got options you don’t worry if a woman is waiting, silent,
ﬂaking, got a life, doing the silent treatment or whatever. It’s ﬁne
because she is not entitled to you not dating others.
4. Now frustration gone and she can do whatever, She’s not a priority and if
she ﬂakes again, shut that door hard. If she asks again, forget it, Don’t
even bother.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

When do I know that it's a bad romance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. When they don’t show clear intent back when you do
2. When they don’t share their feelings and how they desire you
3. When they give you silent treatment
4. When they got your contact detail and say they will contact but don’t
5. When you text and they don’t reply and yet they are active online.
6. When you are always intiating and they still do not show intent
7. When you feel they are play hard to get games
8. When they make it hard and assume negativity about you
9. When they start doubting you and hinting it. Like they showing lack of
trust in what you’re saying. That’s a red ﬂag and a pattern to watch. It’s
their insecurities kicking in.
10. When there is uncertainty and you don’t feel great anymore in knowing
them
It’s time.
End it. Block and move on fast.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Yang

What makes a person a winner?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You cannot teach a man anything. You can only help him discover it within
himself - Galileo

We are born in a world with names we did not choose. Born with colour we did
not choose, the genetics we did not choose, a family we did not choose, within a
culture….religion… we did not choose.
We are fed with information from very young which we did not choose and
followed rules and paths, we had no choice but to follow when young.
We were and still are conditioned on the meaning of these two words..
“Winner” and “Loser.”
We grew in a world that is socially conditioned, ﬁlled with myths, legend stories,
superstitions, inventions that became social rules and this belief that we are
deﬁned by the external….such as our looks, our appearances, our status, our
rank, where we were born, what house we live in, what school or education we
had, what company we work for, what bank account we got, how much we make,
what credit cards we hold, what car we drive, what women or man we date.
A world ﬁlled with labels and contradictions.
For example, if a man gives time to a woman and show eagerness, true intent,
direct, gives time he is seen as desperate but this is an invention, that has only fed
the insecurities of women and men.
This is a promoted heavily throughout romance novels, movies, magazines.
stories. Women and men, not all but some folow this and don’t realise, that they
will only attract the insecure.
We are told that we are incomplete and need a soul mate to complete us but if we
deﬁne ourself by someone else to complete us, then we render ourself great harm,
because people are ﬁckle by nature.
People’s hearts are changing.
People come with fears, belief system, insecurities, projecting past experiences
onto existing and they search for this illusive thing called “love will conquer all..”
While most of us know love is not enough but it is promoted anyway through the
system and from the beginning of our lives with children fairytale books, and this
too conditions who is a winner and who is a loser.
We have to go the hard way, the full circle way with pretence to show we are
interested in someone. I don’t know about you but I tire of this game. I do not
play it and I disengage immediately when I ﬁnd any woman who plays it and
advocate every man to also not play this game.
We hear that there is only one path for success but how many you met who
succeeded with a diﬀerent path? Many.
Therefore, we are born in a world that is…rigged.
Success is deﬁned for us and even our humanity.
It is a world where we talk about equality and freedom, and yet much of what we
see is not equal and much of what we thought is freedom is a prison of the mind.
Most of us live our lives knowing we are living a lie.
We ﬁnd ourselves living two people inside of us.
On one hand we feel imprisoned and restricted by social rules, confused and
cannot understand how we still just follow when we know better. Oppressed
within this shell we call a body.
A body that feels guilt and shame about the most natural thing in the world.
From day one we are conditioned to believe and feel this.

While on the other hand, is a person inside of us who holds so many secrets,
desires, dreams, goals, paths, fantasies that most won’t even live and never share
to the closest of friends.
Most will never experience but continue to be caged in their own mind just so
they can ﬁt in, be accept, approved and validated.
So these secres are locked inside for most of us.
Rather than living them, we bury them with movies, romance novels, being busy
with our games at each other to pat out ego for more validation while something
is tugging at us from within.
We can feel it, getting louder.
The louder it gets…it makes us busier so we can drown our own true voice to not
feel the urgency that time is ﬂeeting. That we now need to just be authentic and
seize the opportunity rather than play with it.
If that is not enough, we chase the illusions that ambush us along the way and
bewildered on why we are unhappy when we have so much. Or confused why
with all our busy, busy, we have so little.
It is far too comfortable to just live a lie and pretend everything is ﬁne. It’s
comfortable to stay in a relationship we don’t like. It’s comfortable to avoid
resolving our own shit and blame it on someone else.
We are continually being dictated by someone else on how to live and who we are,
and what we are not and what we cannot achieve.
We are even dictated by others on who to even love because of their belief, their
fears and their own insecurities.
It’s easy to stay put where we are, wherever we are.
If we question what we believe, taught, follow and act on it then we know we may
lose all we hold tight like they mean the world to us.
We may lose status, rank, popularity, respect and all we thought deﬁnes us as…
winners.
That’s the trap.
We were conditioned to attach everything to these external objects which are
used against us to socially control us.
It’s not like the system does it to us anymore.
They did their job long ago.
We are now the oil for this machine and we don’t even realise it.
We now do it to each other, judging each other, spying on each other, love
bombing each other, devaluing each other, defaming each other, pointing at each
other, cussing each other, labeling each other and even an opinion for fuck sake…
makes people start battling it out like they are enemies.
They got to win the argument.
They got to debate and get their opinion heard because they got to!
So now we are afraid to live by our own terms, follow our own path and live the
life that will make us happy - and - we have the audacity to say to each other and
even our children, and those around us..
“Be Yourself.”

We come full circle to the quote we started with..
You cannot teach a man anything. You can only help him discover it within
himself - Galileo
A winner isn’t a person who makes someone lose.
A winner is someone who responds authentically, by being credible, trust worthy,
honest, genuine to himself ﬁrst, and in doing so, he is to others.
It is a human being who has strived for the excellence in facing one’s own
demons, in understanding who he/she is and in ﬁnding ﬁnally peace in
him/herself.
If we met ourselves, we would hear this question…
“Why were you not yourself?”
If this question is not asked then we have a….winner.
I am not saying it is easy to do.
I am not saying you won’t lose friends who desire you to follow their way
because it is comfortable for them.
I am not saying you may need to go against loved ones who have some
belief and who tell you to not love someone, see someone, be with
someone.
I am not saying you won’t lose lots of fans
I am not saying you won’t be labeled, judged, slured by many.
I am not saying you won’t lose jobs.
I am not saying you won’t have to let go of certain expectations.
I am not saying you won’t have to let go of somethings in life to win.
I am not saying you won’t have to make tough decisions.
I am not saying you won’t face some heartache along the way.
I am saying, for me, that’s a winner.
19 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Daniel Carter

Relationship wise, what are some reasons why a person doesn't
reply after an argument?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because argument hurts people. It creates a lot of negativity and lots of feelings
they don’t want. So if someone got hurt then they don’t want to get hurt again.
They stay well away and don’t want to hear anymore.
It’s feelings. Emotions.
It’s also can be memories. It can trigger past events and so it can be very deep,
and a person don’t want to be at that place with that person again. Or they’d stay
away for a long way.
Arguments are toxic and most say it’s needed but I don’t believe so. You can talk,
discuss, disagree without hurting one another but people sometimes, due to lack
of maturity and sometimes lack of experience in life, personality too, just hurt
each other.
You hurt someone’s feeling then they don’t want to feel that again.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Where should I start with learning how to draw animals?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you want to draw animals then you need to have already a basic understanding
of form, shapes.
You’d know everything is about form, shape..but also, they have a function.
Function meaning the pose of someone or animal, or an object has to be that way
due to it’s structure, anatomy and how it works…
Get good at drawing just the shapes of animals but also get some basic
understanding of the function of their body. It doesn’t need a lot of knowledge,
just basic. Watch movies, see references, books observe nature documentaries
which I do a lot of...

Now, when you put these together you’re not sketching blindly…

763 Views · View Upvoters

How can I make good drawing / sketchs without any skills?
(edited)
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art

Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From reading the details under question you got the right attitude. Since that is
so, I took the time to put together where to start, using some of my work.
I envy you because you’re going to go on an awesome journey.
One of my passions is art, sketching and painting, which is all geared to my
dating books from all kinds of subjects that covers all on dating. Taking long time
illustrating but I love it.
Now what I want you to do is only concentrate on step one and step two. Do
that for a while, until you get the hang of it becuase if you skip, or move too fast to
next then it impacts the result later in the future.
The lesson you didn’t pick up will frustrate you a lot.
It’s very important excercise all the greats did and in doing them, you will ﬁnd
yourself growing in conﬁdence.
All starts with the basic fundamentals. Get good at the fundamentals and be
patient you’ll see lots of improvements. You’ll be amazing at what you can
achieve in a short time but don’t think of time.
Just think of doing the work and keep doing.
So let us begin…have a wonderful jouney….
1. Basic Form/Sketching.
Everything around you is about shapes. This excercise helps you with
the basic mechanics of drawing. Drawing form and bring them to life
with sketching and later lighting. You would do this exercise everyday
and push yourself to do perspectives, diﬀerent shapes and diﬀerent
angles. Bring them to life and don’t worry about being perfect. Just ﬂow
with it.
This is an example of what I did here to illustrate what I mean:

2. Understand lighting.
Of course, I can’t go into detail. Read up on lighting. There are rules. There is a
science to art. The study of art is the study of form and form…is visible. To
explain it better I did this sketch and see the diﬀerent parts of what happens
when light comes into play…

If you are in your room at night and you switch the lights oﬀ, you’d see nothing.
It’s pitch black.
But when you add a light source….form is what you see.

With light…you see the shape but also the value of shades, shadow and shape.
You would see the 3 Dimensial object. You would see form. You would see height
width and depth too.
You don’t want to use colour.
You want to make sure, you know how to paint form using greyscale. I never
painted in colour until I knew how to paint greyscale, learning about the light and
all the elements.
Excercise 2. This time, draw the forms and imagine where the light source is
coming from.
3. Form in objects
When you get real good at doing these two steps which have diﬀerent techniques,
you will begin to see such form in all you see.
Draw whatever you see but focus in simplifying it into shapes ﬁrst. You have lots
of things in your house to sketch.
Then you will be able to sketch and paint to give things a story…

And when you get good at sketcthing forms, add light source, painting using
greyscale, you can begin to enjoy painting using colour. You’d ﬁnd it be easier
because you know the fundamentals.
You’ll start building up the ilustration…like this…

And gradually bring it all to life step by step..

As you can see, it all about knowing the fundamentals:

When you have learnt the fundamentals and didn’t skip the basics, you ﬁnd you
will enjoy the freedom to draw things real fast to capture the moment as I did
when I went to Paris to Disney...

I hope this has helped to give you some tips to get you started on your journey to
start sketching.
Just enjoy the process…and you will get there…

845 Views · View Upvoters

What did my ex boyfriend reaction mean when I broke up with
him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not your boyfriend. Change it to EX-boyfriend. You broke up with him. Now
he’s an ex.
It means…he’s moving on. He’s not wanting to be friends. Why would he when he
just heard the girl he used to date say there is…no…connection. That to a man
means, there is NO FEELINGS even for friendship.
No man wants to be friend with someone cold by saying there is no connection.
You now got…no…connection. It’s done. He’s giving you what you want.
His reaction is hurt, heartache and he doesn’t want to show it.
Remember…he’s not your boyfriend anymore.
He’s your EX-boyfriend.

Now leave him be. Don’t text him. Don’t call him. If he wants to be friends he’ll
call. Let him be and heal.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

He seemed interested, why did he disappear (haven't heard
from him in a month, since he blew me oﬀ)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People wear social mask. It doesn’t matter if it’s dating or here online, or dating
websites. People are rarely honest about what they want and most are in a place
in which it’s best to never look back and leave them to it.
So whether a guy or girl..
1. They are still looking
2. They are not interested if it takes something to get them to dissappear.
Someone interested in you will communicate, will want to meet and will
not dissappear. Those that do, tells you their level of maturity to not even
say what is going on. So see yourself lucky they dissappeared from your
radar.
3. He was just saying what you needed to hear so he can move on. Like I
said, most people wear social mask, don’t like conﬂict, cowards really, so
they just rather say all nice stuﬀ but really, it’s not true. You don’t listen
to their words but their behaviour. You now see his behaviour.
4. He has someone else. Dating someone else. If he is monogamous then he
be dating some other girl out there.
Even if I didn’t have money, no way in hell I am going to let that stop me seeing
the woman I know is attracted to me, has shown intent and I am attracted to her
too.
He’s not that into you.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why was it easier for me to get girls in high school than college?
Adam Taha, The conversation I had when I was in college
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In school, the girls are gunning for the guy and hot for experimenting, dating and
doing all the stuﬀ. They fall for the romantic crap, hints, signals, date some guy
and another and another, and another and get hurt again and again and again..
Now they got some history behind them.
But also the social dynamics in school is diﬀerent. It’s smaller, it’s easier and it’s
like a small pond compared to an ocean out there.
In school you probably had lots of nice guys there, passive guys and girls
outnumber guys, and girls go for guys a bit more easier. In school you thought
girls date you because you got some skills.
But in college the social dynamics has changed and you found you haven’t got
skills. It was all pot luck, chemistry but now this new world is ﬁlled with girls who
have lot more experiences which means lots more fear and insecurities.
This is now a river, leading to the ocean. More guys, some guys with killer social
skills, and all that seemed cool means sod all in college. Also girls are now real
cautious and this idea as well of looking good, popularity, bitchness, competition
is bigger and so they probably choosy too.

That means…your resources have dwindled to zero.
You need better social skills.
You need to be more proactive than before.
Now you got to make new friends, approach lots more girls, get lots more
rejections as fear is now higher.
You are now starting everything new and it is harder because you are starting
from…the…beginning.
By the time you get to University, most girls are so fucked up in head, insecure,
socially conditioned to believe in this romantic notion of how it all happens, and
I seriously mean, many are so messed up you won’t believe.
Most are in a relationship but boring one, most are just in relationship as a
standby for something else in the future, most want it but hide it and the many..is
all about how popular you are.
In school you was maybe known by some but here…no one knows you. You are at
the bottom of the chain and no one gives a damn who you are except if you run
the show with parties, and doing what the cool guy does.
So you’re going to ﬁnd in college/University, lots of girls who are ﬁlled with
memories of past relationships, cheated on, dated this and that guy, bad
relationships, and ﬁlled up to the brim that now….the hints and subtle messages
is so much you might as well not bother with.
It’s not that college girls are smarter.
It’s because they now have a lot more to lose, lots of fear, socially conditioned
worry much more on what other people think. Superiﬁcial is heightened and
everyone who say they don’t care…do care what other people think.
There is less time, busy, busy, busy being…busy and looking cool.
That to me isn’t smart. That’s social dynamics with lots of mediocrity and fears
most will have. Everyone wearing some social mask.
It’s why I prefer to just go to night clubs or go to large social activities, where
people are in that state of mind for when you approach.
Less hassle and better mood and atmosphere.
28.9k Views · View Upvoters

My ex keeps sending me messages that she misses me, how
should I react when she is currently dating someone new and I
am no longer interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s not entitled for anything and you’re not obligated to her.
1. Block her on phone and any other phone.
2. Block her on all social media platforms.
3. Move on
That’s really it.
Don’t be passive about.
You don’t need to feel bad about moving on. Believe, most women will not give a
fuck and move on, not even give you an explaination.

So don’t engage because I feel you are probably not emotionally strong and
mentally tough or you would have said you’re not interested and if she persisted
to have already done these steps.
So disengage, block, shut all doors and move on and drama will be over.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I hit on a girl without showing my intentions?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why do you want to hide your intent?
The point is always to show the other person what you want.
Best you show your intent from day one because if you don’t you’re going to get
yourself hurt real bad. I truly mean you will be messed around as there are people
out there who are fucked up in head.
You don’t have to worry about will it work or not. You don’t need to look for
signals and hints. Forget all that because women come in all sizes with their
insecurities and bullshit.
When you show intent what happens is this for your beneﬁt
1. You show you know what you want
2. She cannot not fuck about with your time. She either says she’s interests
or not. Girls will be ﬁshing to see if they can be platonic and friends, and
use your time to be their emotional tampon. Don’t let them dictate how
it goes with you.
3. You screen out those romantic nutters who like photos of couples, who
read love novels, romantics who expect to be swept oﬀ their feet. Expect
you to chase. They are insecure and hard work because most want
attention, most want you to chase, wine and dine before they even show
true intent.
I don’t date women. I date lovers. I take lovers to resturant not woman
who haven’t showed true intent. I am not a free dinner for women who
can cook for themselves. Resturant and movies is not a date. It’s a rigged
game due to scarecity. You can walk and talk. No need for all that. Give
that attention to women who become lovers as they emotionally
invested and shown they are serious.
4. You screen out the girls who are bored, in a relationship with some
boring boyfriend, doesn’t know what she wants, unreliable when she
takes interest in you because she can’t even leave her boyfriend who she
is bored with and who she can’t be assed with. Too comfortable, in the
comfort zone.
5. You ﬁlter out the attention screen seeks. You know, the ones who ﬂirt for
nothing but boredom, who contact you, who speak with you, who say
they admire you, The cluster love bomb girls but this is only to hook you
in, to waste your time, to get all that hot sexy feeling for a while and then
when you show direct intent they…dissappear. You see them still active
on social media, voting and all that but do not contact you now.
They got what they wanted. Immature and insecure. Screen them out by
showing intent from day one.
6. You ﬁlter out girls who want nothing but emotional support. You know,
the ones who think they can just talk about their ex boyfriend to you,
whine and complain about how sex is awful with some guy, or how they

can’t get a date and they are psychologically seducing you to be passive
to become their bitch. They want to be pals and sing Kumbayah. Be their
emotional tampon.
7. You ﬁnd out the girl who FEELS the SAME WAY faster. By showing your
intent, this girl is diﬀerent as she is sick of all the games girls and guys
do. Had enough of the crap with romance and pretending and talking
with hints and signals. She too had enough of guys who use her time,
who confuse her. So she too learnt the hard way and now looking for a
Masculine guy who shows intent fast, quick so she knows to invest or not
invest her emotions and time.
You see how it helps you when you show intent from day one.
You know you’ll get rejections and it’s part of life but the beauty of this is you get
to the girl who says yes faster and who is into for you real. The fast you screen out
these other women…the faster you LEARN, the faster you see what I mean, the
faster you grow in conﬁdence and suddenly, when you arrive to this one girl, the
speed and intent you do makes it so easiar for both of you….you wonder why you
didn’t do this in the ﬁrst place.
It be so easy, it be like it’s meant to be, she makes it so much easier, she will be
texting you, calling you, telling you she wants you because she knows, you feel
same way and she won’t feel scared doing it because she knows you are…a…direct
type of guy.
And that’s how the real fun begins. That’s how it gets exciting. That’s why you
need to get rid of the rest of the women and show them who the Man is, and
screen them all out and if they complain, whine, not your problem. If they judge
and call you player, not ypour problem.
If they think your a sexiest this or that, not your problem.
You don’t give a damn. They are HISTORY, done, moving on.
It the girl who is interested in you. You make it easiar for her to know what you
want and there is no manipulation.
You can do everything right and girl who isn’t interested, won’t be.
You can do everying like an asshole and right girl be into you.
You can be “I want you,” and the girl who is into you will say same because she
has had enough of the bullshit the way you have.
You can do everything wrong, and girl who is seriously interested don’t care
because…she..feels same about you. She’s into you.
That is all it is but if you behave passive, no conﬁdence then it hurts me because
you are being too slow, wasting too much time with girls who just play around
and want attention.
Also, the girl who is into you… by nature will see you as unattractive for being
hesistent. It shows you are not sure about yourself, what you want and if things
go well, you won’t be strong to weather the storm of life.
Show intent. Be direct.
Let the chips fall where they may.
That way…even…when rejected, at least you didn’t invest so much time,
emotions, with some girl who doesn’t give a damn about you.
Because they don’t until they show intent and commit the way you will.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I told her I like her but she didn't say anything back, what does
that supposed to mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this guy and man did this get real awkward.
I didn’t know, he was into this girl. He is a poet and he was really good at it too.
Impressed by his poems but he didn’t have a clue about girls.
It’s weird. It’s like most of the guys believe in doing these romantic stuﬀ, serious
poems and all that.
I see it a lot from Indian guys I know and Pakistani’s too. I could never get why
until I seen a little about their culture and what they watch. Bollywood and all
that.

One day, I am chilling with some friends and he walks in and says he liked this
one girl and he’s going to tell her he wrote a love poem.
All the guys, tell him “yeah man, she’ll go for it. She’ll be impressed.”
I’m like, “Man, don’t you be stupid. These guys know nothing. Don’t you do it.
Instead just walk up to her and show intent. Like I always said man.”
He says, “But they are not like that. In our culture, Indian girls like this.”
“Indian or not. I’m telling you right now, if you do this, she is going to see you as
some chump, a guy who has no conﬁdence, too serious, and doing all that Bollywood
love nonsense when she hasn’t yet got to know you man. Just show intent. Be direct
and if she ain;’t interested, walk away.”
He says,”Yes, I’ll just do that then.”
But what does he do?
You know, he does what majority guys do. I say to them with 25 years experience,
and they just don’t listen. They so up to their eyeballs with social conditiioning
and believing all the nonsense some women tell them, and don’t realise what is
really going on.
He does the opposite of what I said to do.
He goes and tells her he wrote this love poem and yep, reaction is not good. She
didn’t say anything and from what I heard, she gets up afterwards and walked oﬀ
with her friends.
Now here’s the Twilight Zone part…
I didn’t know who this girl is.
I am walking out of a Take Away, stuﬃng myself with Nan Kebab and I see this
girl and I think..
“I am so going to approach her.”
I do what I usually do. Fun, direct, wit and well we laugh, we have fun. We
exchange numbers and after some more talking, I walk oﬀ.
I get back to my place and some of the guys are there and he is there too. He’s
quiet and they tell me what happened.
As I sit down, my phone goes oﬀ and I get text message from this girl. We text
back and forth, and she’s really excited, and so I text her to come over and it’s

alright if she brings a friend. No problem.
I open the door an hour and a half later - she walks in.
As she walks with me to living room, the other guy is looking at her like he’s seen
a ghost and she’s feeling uncomfortable and tells me if it’s alright if we go out now
and head oﬀ somewhere.
I say “yeah sure.”
I drop her friend oﬀ and we go to her ﬂat, her apartment.
It kicks oﬀ. The usual, kiss, you know, sex, two hours after, we make a date to see
each other next day.
I arrive at the house and the guy says..
“THAT WAS THE GIRL!”
Nop, I didn’t break up with her. Dated her for 8 months, before she left to India.
I didn’t use any poem.
Just direct. Showed intent. Not serious, fun, playful, and then a little serious
because I want intent back from her or I walk.
But she showed intent back.
Now to you..
Look. I get all this romantic stuﬀ. I see here in England with women. Honestly,
they make it harder for themselves and so do the guys. I don’t trust women who
do that. I don’t trust women who hide intent and guys who hide are guys who get
hurt the most.
They do because in this world are people, who will mess with your time, want
attention, use you like an emotional tampon and they do it to survive, to feel
good, to get turned on but do nothing about it. You don’t want to be that guy no
matter what a girl labels you as.
It doesn’t matter if girls label you asshole, jerk for not being a friend because you
are attracted to her and you are not going to be that guy. Either she is interested
or not, and you move on.
It’s far too late for me to say leave the poem out of it.
I’d not use poems, gifts or anything until much later in relationship if a
relationship happens. You leave all that for later on and ﬁrst get base 1 sorted.
Girls are insecure. Many of them judgemental. Many are suspicious of even why a
guy would approach and talk. Never mind giving them poems, presents. Many
girls don’t even believe they worthy of a good guy, of a guy who does show
aﬀection and so they question it all.
Here’s what to ask yourself….
Why bother investing all that with a girl who has yet to show interest with you,
and it is clear intent. It just doesn’t make sense. They don’t believe you are
mature when you do that.
Their brain thinks..
“He doesn’t know me like that. I don’t know him like that. What does he want
from me. Oooh sex huh.”
They so insecure about sex it’s crazy.

We guys talk about it from when young, masturabate when young, don’t give a
damn about it but they have been conditioed and hammered to feel guilty about
their nakedness, body, sex, and feel ashamed and guilt deep down to such they
make sex like it deﬁnes their value.
Yes, messed up but there we go.
Sure the girls say they’d love that romance but really, in real life when it happens
to them, they get creeped out.
You have to watch what girls say. What they say doesn’t necessarily mean they
want that. It’s just talk to sound good, look like they so princess and so elegant,
and fragile. They “good liittle girls.” It’s all a facade, an act, a thing they do to be
accepted, ﬁt in and also to show other girls they are not competing with them.
They rather have harmony much of the time than conﬂict from other girls and
they’ll stick together and help each other than help you as a guy. But they will
help pull each other down if they ﬁnd they don’t like the girl.
Don’t fall for all that social conditioning dating process.
It’s nonsense. It’s rigged. You are doing it out of scareceity. If there was no
scarecity, if women had to approach men too, and they had to do what men with
dating, men won’t even do these things.
But they do because of scarecity. It’s rigged. The whole dating process is rigged
and all these movies, magazines, romance movels help to this delima, and
women fall for it as well as guy.
I mean, taking a girl to resturant who isn’t a lover? Taking a girl out and soendung
all that time when she hasn’t shown any intent? Giving her gifts? Trying to
impress her?
What about her, showing intent? What about her doing some work? What about
her moving her damn ass and show she desires a man?
That’s rigged. Men who do that do it because of scarecity. The whole dating
culture is riggged and so, it creates unethical approaches, means, methods due to
scarecity and manipulation also happens in proces.
The poem was too serious to do.
You did it out of scarecity. Out of the same mnindset I speak of. If you had 10
women right now hot on pursuit with you, desiring you, you won’t ever write a
poem to her.
It’s like buying a gift for a girl who isn’t even your girlfriend. It’s like telling
someone your deepest aﬀection when she hasn’t even known you in that way and
is in a romantic relationship with you.
Works in movies but this is real life.
You made it awkward for her. You was too serious and it didn’t show conﬁdence.
She also probably didn’t see you that way.
If you did that then for sure, you’re very passive type of guy with a lot of learning
to do about girls, no matter if they Indian or whatever.
Yes, they be cultural diﬀerences but there are speciﬁc things that are same, runs
through no matter where you are in the world, except of course if you’re
approaching a woman in Amazons or strict religions country that makes even
approaching a death sentence :)
13.3k Views · View Upvoters

After having broken up with someone you have loved intensely,
how can one not give up on life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you already had a life long before this person showed up. You had a life
before that someone ever appeared…in….your…life.
So if you can do it once, you can do it again.
Therefore, they were never your life.
How can they be when you was born, that person wasn’t there.
When you grew up crawling, that person wasn’t there.
When you learnt to walk, that person wasn’t there.
When you went to nursery school, made friends, that person wasn’t there..
In fact most of your life, that person was never really a big event in your life. You
had a life before meeting this person.
So do the same thing you did before they appeared..
1. Spend time with friends
2. Spend time with loved ones
3. Write about your feelings
4. Write some more
5. Spend time building more IN…your life i.e. knowledge, career, business,
whatever it is you wish to achieve in life instead of ﬁlling that with
someone else as if they are your life.
6. Avoid burdening your friends too much in going round circles with this
same story and script
7. Avoid sharing such things to men/women who are friends, as they are
not anyones emotional tampon but also, it opens doors for manipulators.
You also push potential suitors who will be attracted because none of us
really want to hear the person is still hung up on someone else.
8. Just do what you always did and you will ﬁnd, you have have a life long
before that person ever showed up.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I asked my friend what he really thought of me but he avoided
the question and didn't answer. Is there a way I can get him to
tell me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d do the same because I’d see it as manipulation. Why would one ask a friend
that except if they desire that friend?
So you are then putting this friend in an awkward position. Your friend doesn’t
want to answer because he knows, most people when they show their feelings for
real, they have experienced getting shot down, rejected.
He probably also knows you have feelings for him.
He also probably experienced answering such questions to ﬁnd it didn’t do much
good.
Maybe you like this friend and you feel the fear of rejection.

If you’re attracted to the friend don’t play games. Just say it or it never goes down
too well doing these kind of things.
You’d get no answer or the person won’t give you an honest answer anyway
because they may feel you got an agenda.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What if I don't know what I want to do with my life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They walk into my house. They see paintings on walls. My work. They see
manuscripts across shelves of future novels I’ve written. I’m excited about them
because when their out, man it’s going to be awesome.
They see sketches all over the tables.
They walk into another room and they see large sketches and paintings of new
collection of erotic hardcore art I’ve painted. They turn to see a wall of me doing
all that sky diving, dancing in festivals and on stage singing to thousands of
people.
They walk outside and see lots of people and many want to help me out. Like the
universe just slammed dunk them all in front of me and they all got mastery
specialised skills and…they…just want to help me out.
Bless them all man. So many amazing people you won’t believe.
I got messages from awesome people I framed on wall from people all over world,
wanting to give me this, that, to help me out. I look at them and I know this world
going to rock with these people in it.
The couple walk through other room and I got laptops here, there, here and there.
All given to me by people.
But something is wrong. I can feel it.
I turn and I see the couples faces. My friends I haven’t seen for years come to visit
me and they ask..
“Adam?
“Yes?!
“I thought you didn’t know what to do with your life?”
“I don’t.”
But they won’t let go and ask one more question..
“But if you don’t know what to do with your life, then what’s all this we saw?!”
Then it hits me.
I remember they told me they ﬁnd it hard ﬁnding their passion. I remember that
talk 20 years ago. They told me they don’t know what to do with their life. I just
didn’t know how to explain it back then.
Man, time has gone by so fast.
So I explain a little more..
“I never really pursued this thing called passion. I never really looked at life as
knowing what to do with my life. Look, let me show you..”
I took them in room and there’s a large painting of an illustration of me standing
as a boy long ago. It’s for a book I am writing called Sid, the Incredible…

That’s my picture in my head. That’s the purpose.
Doing it for the feeling.
That’s the thing I know.
When I stood there and looked far, it wasn’t about money, cars, women, fame. It
was about feeling happy.
Even when I was in this dark work of poverty, I was happy because I knew what to
do to make me feel alive.
To….help people. Inspire. To ﬁnd their balls. To ﬁnd courage and live their own life
on their own terms.
And everytime I get news someone has changed their live, I print it, I bang in on
wall so everyone else can see, one person can make a diﬀerence. That they can
make a diﬀerence with this secret.
That is my greater purpose and using all the art, writing and everything else to
just do that.
Doing it for the feeling.
Like the storm. Like a tornado. Like not a care in world. Like I know this what I do,
makes me feel good inside, alive, happy.
And so, I then questioned what makes me feel alive when I was in your
position years ago.
What makes me feel alive? What makes me happy? What makes me feel what
I felt as a kid? What?
1. To change lives with my work. That makes me feel alive.
2. To live by my own rules and code of conduct. That makes me feel alive
3. To be always curious learning so I can turn what I do into a marketing
online machine to change more lives, faster, independantly and no one
tells me what I can or cannot write.
4. To create my own things to change lives.
5. To live as a lover and with a lifestyle, on my own terms. That gives me the
feeling I want
6. To see someone grow from not believing in themselves to become master
of their own life. That makes me feel alive
7. To paint, draw, write, sing, produce and all things that made me happy
as a child, to do them now as an adult, gives me that feeling.
I don’t look and think..
“What’s my purpose?”
“What is my passion?”
“How do I ﬁnd my passion?”
“What do I want to do with my life?”
I always asked..
“What makes me feel alive! Happy!”
And I went and did that and that brought the passion.
That brought the purpose to be more clearer in what I want my life to be. That
brought what I want to be known for and build.

Doing it…for…the…feeling.
You know what makes you happy. You know what makes you feel amazing. You
know what makes you inspired.
But you probably see success like most people.
Material. Wealth. Validation. Fame. Money.
So much so, that one day you forgot why you’re doing what you’re doing, and the
path you are on isn’t even…your path anymore.
You forgot what made you happy as a child. You forgot that simple and yet
profound, most powerful natural gift you and I, and everyone got inside of them
because of fear and worrying about the expectations from others.
You thought life is about what to do with your life rather doing for the feeling, for
the joy, for the learning, for growth to such you are at this stage in your life as I
am and wonder..
“I never thought life ever be this amazing..”
Then you only have to ﬁnd someone creative to make what you do for the feeling
into an opportunity, that works for this real world. If you do for the feeling, if you
just do it, if you use what you got like I do, the right people will come.
The warriors will come.
The people who admire people like you will come.
They will come with all the tools, knowledge, mastery skill and they will say..
“You changed my life. How can we help you do more of it? What do you want? We got
this skill, this knowledge, these tools and we know so, so. We love to help you get it oﬀ
the ground and make it roar like a Ferrari!”
This is the power in doing it for the feeling.
Look at the Panda and how happy he is. Just because of snow. He’s not thinking
like us human beings “what is then meaning of life” making ourselves be so
important.
He is teaching us how to answer this question. The answer has always be all
around us and staring us in the face.

He’s having fun, curious and that is how I live my life. Yes, we live in world of bills
and all that but if you get this right, the rest gets easiar.
The people will come and they will throw down all you want on the table,
willingly and with open heart.

Just give. Give all you got. Give with the thing that makes you feel good and they
will FEEL it do and they will want more of that feeling, and run to you to be part
of whatever you are doing.
I got people coming to be with all kinds of skills want to help, bless them all,
because they want that…FEELING!
We click. We know, together we can make that feeling even bigger and more
powerful to change more lives.
They are waiting to get my shit together and I am working hard like crazy in
doing that. It’s an awesome 2017 but it took YEARS but no matter because I…
Do it for the feeling.
And when you do it for the feeling no matter how long it takes, you’re happy.
You’re content. You know you got success in the bag because success is the
continous eﬀort and progression to a realisation of your vision.
So what makes you excited, feel good, amazing?
Remember. Sit down, remember it.
Forget money, bills, fear. Just get this ﬁgured out..
What makes you feel alive?
Then the HOW to turn that into the real world, will come. The people out there
know how to do that. They will come.
Let the universe know that YOU NOW KNOW what makes you feel alive and just
do it! Do it again and again!
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Which is the one ﬁlm that changed the way you look at life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I love French movies. I watch them a lot. I can’t understand the language as much
but I can feel the story. I was fortunate someone subtitled the movie so it was easy
enough to follow. Nearly missed this gem…
Les Choristes

This movie is close to my heart because a musician, arrives at a French boarding
school for "troubled" boys, to work as a supervisor. I did the same for a boarding
school.
I came back to the city after touring as a musician and singer, and wanted to do
something I always dreamed of doing. Inspire the young students with words and
music. I found myself in same situation as the character in movie. I didn’t realise
the forces I was going against in the system.

The boarding school was ruled by iron ﬁrst where young students didn’t get
much empathy, if at all.
Mathieu (the new supervisor, who wants to help the young boys) discovers the
boys being ruthlessly punished by the headmaster Rachin.
So he attempts to use humour and kindness to win them over, help them learn
music, sing, to grow in respect and hope in humanity.
The lessons in the movie reminded me of what I learnt from the students
and the environment…
1. One person can make a diﬀerence in the lives of many.
2. A word of encouragement may not seem like it can change a life but if
you continue to say it, they grow to believe in themselves.
3. To gain respect you got to give respect to the young and understand
much of what’s in their mind is a product of their environment.
4. To not take much of what they say personally but to be patient, kind,
hopeful and to never give up on them as others have.
5. Maturity isn’t about age. Some were very mature for their age. Avoid
talking down at them. Talk with them as human being and they will grow
to do the same in time to come.
6. They can learn to grow in conﬁdence, in respecting themselves and
others. It takes work, consistency and belief that it is all worth it
7. Sometimes no matter what you do, it seems you don’t make any
diﬀerence but keep going in the hope it does.
8. You got to believe in them more than they believe in themselves.
9. Music can be used as a meduim but the objective results is humanity.
10. You got to do it more for a wage because it will challenge you mentally,
emotionally and spiritually. Sometimes you will meet parents and it be
heartbreaking to see the other side of the young’s life and parents too.
11. You may never achieve fame in this area. Your work maybe unsung.
Others will take the credit but no matter. You’ll touch and change young
lives in the most fundamental way.
12. You may not be looked up to by the world but these students will look up
to you through the ages of time. Maybe not now, but in time, they may
remember your words and ﬁnd courage in themselves.
13. It is sad, perhaps even tragic, that the teacher in this movie considers
himself a failure, and indeed this may call in to question the standards
by which society judges its heroes. I saw many who felt this way but I saw
their parents and many teachers as heroes.
14. The day I left after some years, as the character in the movie left, I came
to the same realisation. You can’t change the system. Some people in
there are too old to change and some too late to change.
15. You don’t change the world. You inspire, impact by example one person
at a time. Only by the willing cooperation did the students want to learn,
believe and grow.
Quote from the movie..
Clément Mathieu: Never say never. Something's always worth trying.
2k Views · View Upvoters

After 2 years being in a relationship my girlfriend says she
doesnt want to get physical with me. She says she doesn't like it
now. I always think something is wrong and we end up ﬁghting,
but she says she loves me. I am confused. What should I do and
believe?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know the full story but from my experience, you need to ﬁrst back oﬀ
trying to get physical. I am giving you from years of experience here.
You’re approaching this in a physical sex and woman is not physical ﬁrst. You
need to not argue over these things. This is not the way to do it.
You need to fuck her mind ﬁrst. By that, I don’t mean mind control. I mean, she
needs emotionally connection, tenderness, arousing her imagination.
You need to learn to ﬁrst arouse her mind, her imagination, speaking in a way
without touching her, and capture her emotions, speak in ways that it gets her
whole body going crazy, her heart racing and pussy wet, to such, when you touch
her, she be jumpoing on you to ride you.
She will even unzip you and you’re like “Holy shit!”
It’s called…sexual tension.
This is years of relationship experience and I cannot stress enough, that sex isn’t
about seeing a woman like some robot. Like a machine, where you just unzip and
slot in kind of thing.
You got to give her….the…experience.
You got to rekindle that ﬁre and not be passive about it.
You got to speak to her in words and ways that get her head spinning, her
imagination ﬂying, her tongue licking her lips when you talk, and you also add all
tools such as texting, phone and really tease her, and hold oﬀ the sex.
I mean you got to show her that you is the MAN who knows how to make her
heart pound, her legs quiver, even when you’re not even there, that with just even
one text message, she is already dripping wet.
Sex doesn’t start with body but mind ﬁrst.
So don’t ask yoursef..
“How do I get sex.”
Forget asking her, forget trying the logic way. Like some passive man. Christ,
forget all what most tell you to do.
Instead ask yourself, ﬁnd out how to do it too,
“How do I get her dripping wet, lustful for me, desiring it, wanting it, so much she is
running to me, waiting for me when I come, it’s on big time.”
So now this isn’t about you getting sex.
This time, it is about how to make HER feel all these feelings. Yes, now it’s work
mate. Yes, now it’s really understanding her and all the shit social norms cannot
teach. Now, we are getting real with this.
This is about making HER FEEL special, UNIQUE, LUSTFUL, SEXY, AROUSED,
and her whole body is throbbing, pulsating, like she got to release and do so with
you.

You see, it’s human nature to think the logic of it, by thinking of getting some.
But have you ever thought, instead of trying to get some, you just help the woman
feel good, feel excited, feel AROUSED, FERCIOUSLY LUSTFUL for you, her state
of frame changes, feel..she…got to get pounded by you or she rides you hard?
You don’t need any tricks.
You don’t need any manipulation.
It’s all inside of her and you just got to know how to speak, communicate, get her
turned on and get real creative.
It be so much easier if she feels “I WANT HIM NOW!”
It be like she is ripping your clothes oﬀ.
Turn her mind on ﬁrst and the body…will…follow.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl says she’d love for me to be with her at home right now,
why does she not want me to come over when I oﬀer to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she said said “right now,” it was ok as that was when she knew it’s ok to
do so. There was no family committment, house was not full of people, she didn’t
have chores to do, or some work to do.
But when you oﬀer it then you oﬀer it at a diﬀerent time, hen it can be diﬃcult,
not convienent for her to do so. You know how it is, we have lives, family, friends,
lovers, work, all sorts. So we got to maybe arrange.
Just a thought…
If you like a woman, show your intent, be clear you are attracted to her if she is a
woman you’re attracted to. Forget looking for signals or assuming anything.
The last thing you ever need is having a girl who you are attracted to, categeorise
you as platonic, just a friend because she isn’t into you or because you took too
long to show you are attracted to her due to being passive.
It prevents investing lots of time, emotions on someone who will say no, and then
you are really up the creek because feelings will get hurt, awkwardiness as well
created.
So if she isn’t family, relative and she’s a girl you’re attracted to, be up front, show
intent.
Just thought I’d mention it as it doesn’t mention if the girl is a relative, or you are
not attracted to her and just see her as a friend - or - you are attracted to her.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Who do you consider a successful person in life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me, a successful person isn’t someone who has material wealth, car, fame and
rank. We know some people inherit wealth, others are born with the looks, others
get more help, others have rich connections and so forth.
Personally, it is the continous realisation of the outcome or result you desire.
It is a spiritual level for me, as a progressive journey of realising a worthwhile
purpose. It is this unfolding of your purpose and destiny.

Because in the world we live in, we have been conditioned that if you make
mistakes, if you don’t win, if you don’t arrive at a point the world sees as success
such as material, fame, wealth then you’re not successful.
That you are a failure.
So you can continue chasing all these things but it’s not about you but about
seeking validation. It’s not about your greater purpose but someone else’s
purpose. It’s not about what makes you happy but someone else happy.
Even when you acquire these material things, or fame, or rank, you ﬁnd you’re
not really happy but exhuasted, uncertain and unclear of your own life.
So for me, it is the progressive and continous eﬀort of attaining our goals and
realisation of our own vision, our own aspiration and in our own terms, and doing
it in our own way and voice.
Many will say all kinds to you.
LIke you’re an idoit. Like your foolish. Like you don’t know what you’re on idoit.
Like your way is wrong way. Like you’re out of your mind doing it this way and
that way. Or why would you turn down this or that, it’s lots of money, it’s lots of
fame etc.
Why don’t you follow everyone else?
When you do your own thing and be vocal about it, be ready for the wolves to
snap at your ankles and ﬁnd them turn like fuﬀy sheep when they realise you
have a vision, you don’t give a fuck what their opinion is about you.
It’s not easy to follow your own path in your own way.
There’s lof of people in this world who like to tell you who you are, and cowards,
hiding behind screens or distance. They are also closer than you think…very
close, relatives, friends, associates etc.
If you look at any really who give you opinions, judge you, label you, and ask
yourself one simple questiom..
“What the fuck have they ever done for you, to help you in the realisation of your
goals and vision?”
Then when you ﬁnd it is nothing, their opinion doesn’t count and if you didn’t
ask for anyone’s opinion, they DEFINITELY have no damn say in anything you
day or do. You didn’t ask for their opinion about what you’re saying, doing so they
can keep shut and put up.
That is the attitude you will need to have most of the time if you really want to
succeed because this world is full of people who like to tell you who you are, wha
to do. So many of them, so common, so easy, so medicore.
Success then must be in our mind ﬁrst.
That is where it really all begins.
Be ready in your mind. You’re going to need to be tough mentally.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do beautiful girls get all the guys they want?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No.

There are times when I just say no or walk away after an interaction, whether
oﬄine and online. There are boundaries I have and also things that if I don’t see
or experience soon enough it’s time to shut the door.
Moreso on compatibility and also screen girls who just want attention.
I wanted to even be more strict in my boundaries after New Year. I felt because I
did so many changes in my life in past that it improved a lot of things with
women. One of them is totally removing women who don’t show intent back and
just a lot of red ﬂags is telling me to move on.
Many women are attention seekers, come also with baggage, craving for
emotional support. If you don’t look past beauty it’s not easy to see the real deal
but if you do, you can easily remove them from your life very fast.
You can tell who is who if one is honest about their intent.
Most people will question you doing it and come up with all this morality but if
you see women, and see how they bitch on how no man is entitled for this and
that, well then, they shouldn’t be so concerned if a man shows intent. Makes it
easier for them to know where I am coming from.
Most white knights will ra ra about it with buts, ifs, and why.
For me it is simple - this is my boundaries.
Some don’t bring much joy in your life but drama and seeking some emotional
support. Some have dry personality. Some just bore the shit out of me. Some too
slow for me in showing intent and some, well, fuck knows what they are on about
but I’m not going to waste my energy reading minds.
I ﬁlter them out and done. I move on.
But some, I fall in love with. Some are loving direct with me, love a man who is
direct and wonder where I have been all their life. They so easy to get to know, so
easy for me to love them, so easy to meet, date, share my desires as they share
theirs. They bring so much meaning to my life and an amazing experience with
way they interact with me.
Boundaries are important to me as it helps me move the rest to get to these
women who contact me.
For example..
1. This month I have blocked women, on diﬀerent platforms and reason I
do that is…
They didn’t show intent back. I always show intent early on. I am direct.
Some do get surprised on how they found a guy who is not into game
playing and is direct in his intent.
Moment women don’t do that back with me is very telling for me. They
are not honest. They are hiding something. Or they are not interested so
there is no need for us to converse anymore.
They are not what they say they are and really only looking for attention,
some fun guy to entertain them while they bored from their boyfriend or
tedious life.
Or…they are looking for emotional support.
By showing intent I palorize these women to show their true face and in
no time, they dissappear fast, silent and now I know. Or they avoid the
issue and become negative. Like they are entitled for my time.

We’re done and I block. This also goes for oﬄine too. I show intent and if
they don’t how clearly intent back, we’re done.
When conversing, they showed signs that they don’t trust what I am
saying. It’s natural because when women read my stuﬀ here and contact,
they think I’m going to do some manipulation and so, they already have
insecurities, already judging, and really they are not getting to know me
but everything is all about looking at what I say to ﬁnd something wrong
and not enough of focusing on building something in getting to know
each other. Or how to get my attention and nothing else.
Some even think they can do some hame to win my attenton and their
undertone in how they converse shows it clearly.
They also get blocked and can go and get entertained by a nice guy. I’m
here to impress them.
They avoided to show intimacy with words when I did. They are not
showing much ﬂirting sexualisation and this is for me a red ﬂag as I look
for compatibility not just beauty. So we’re done. I move on.
They stopped commnication. They are not proactive. They are not good
at communication and communication with them is not fun and boring.
They have my phone number, so they can easily text and call. I am the
one who is leading and yet they don’t put eﬀort in. They go all silent.
Thry don’t say wha’s wrong. I try to ﬁnd out but still no response.
Since I see their social media activity and since they can get busy reading
tons, voting and all that…and not contacting me then no point in us
being in touch. I can’t read minds. So when it becomes like I got to read
minds, I’m done. I move on. I block them on all social media channels.
Some tried this emotional support too…
“Hey Adam, I have this problem with some guy, blah blah and it didn’t go
well and I wondered asking you a question on..”
It’s emotional support.
You know, trying to get advise on dating about some guy, some ex. I’m
not someone’s emotional tampon. \Only ones I give emotional support is
lovers and who have known my boundaries. I already mentioned on my
proﬁle, no emotional support, no asking dating advise on my private
message.
It has fuck all to do with..
“Oh so they give sex and then emotional support”
Don’t tru making me guilty about being a sexual man. I have no shame in
sex. I am proud of embracing my sexuality while others hide it.
This is my boundaries!
I have boundaries and I choose what they are for a particular reason.
Look on Quora on how many complain about friendzone. Has nothing to
do with it. You got a choice. Don’t invest time under pretence. I know lots
of beautiful girls will have lots of guys orbiting around them who pretend
to be good uys and same with women too with guys.

I cut that oﬀ from day one. I am not going to play this good guy to get
into their pants. I am also not going to be a therapist.
I don’t care how gorgeous a woman is or how she got tits and ass. I am
not her friend. I am not here for emotional support. I am not their
boyfriend. I am not their lover. I choose who to help and I help my very
close friends and lovers. I see their troubles and I help. I choose.
The more I say this and make it clear fromd one to women, the more
know where we stand immediately. It’s honest, clear and one likes it ot
not. It’s gine by me. Boundaries is a must so I take resposibility for my
own actions because most people are not.
So no. Beautiful woman don’t always get the guy they want.
Some of us have strict boundaries.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people who love each other can't seem to ever
make it work? Do you keep on trying or just give up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love isn’t enough.
Most people as an example fall for this love idea that it’s enough but they haven’t
the attitude needed for it to work. They just fell for the chemistry, the kaboom but
no thought has ever gone in in really looking at:
1. Attitude
You know why my relationships when I was teen never worked out and
why all my relationships now, as an older man work out to span years?
Because of knowledge, experience, understanding the diﬀerence
between infatuation and love.
Many people do not have this understanding and have fallen for myths,
legend stories about love, soul mates, and do not really get to grips with
sorting out their own beief system. It runs havoc later on because our
belief system impact the decisions and choices we make.
2. Compatibility.
It is an attitude. A process where lovers believe in and they work together
towards each others happiness. They do not ask the tough questions,
communicate but instead they just think love will conquer all. It doesn’t.
It needs other things like compatibility.
3. Insecurities
Many come with past negative experiences. You won’t believe the
amount of women I have met that project past experiences, low self
esteem, low self worth into the relationship.
You might want to ﬁx, change them but forget it, This is years of damage.
You can’t do jack. You can’t be the therapist.
You could have known early on but because you are so infatuated,
inexperience, you won’t see it and because you believe love conquers all,
you think love is enough.
4. Knowledge and specialised skills
The amount of money and time I have invested in knowledge and

specialised skill in all aspects with dating and relationship management
and so much more is deep. Most people don’t even invest in such
knowledge. They struggle and it’s the blind following the blind. This has
also helped a great deal to help my lovers and myself, and the
relationships. It needs knowledge and specialised skill like anything else.
If it is important then why not invest in understanding each other, so we
can create harmony and have a healthier relationship?
So it’s not one thing. It’s many things but the beginning is attitude.
Understanding the diﬀerence with infatuation and love, and what really makes a
relationship work. Being prepared with experience, knowledge and skills.
Unfortunately most are not prepared.
They prepare for their studies, degrees and getting a job but for what is so
important, like relationships, no. They just guess.
I don’t guess. I want to know as much as I can and be prepared. I’m a lover but I’m
not naive. I am rational as well. I have my feet on solid ground.
16.2k Views · View Upvoters

What song describes you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s Life….

Because I never quit. I have been shot many a times with goals, dreams to keep
getting up because of the attitude, that I will change the tune. That I’ll ﬁnd my
way back on top. Many a times I fell ﬂat on my face but I always picked myself up
and got back into the race of life. I always ﬁnd my way right back to the top.
I’m known to be stubborn, to never give up, to go against the crowd and
conformity. I believe you need to blaze your own path but also embrace the good
and bad. To never complain because life is like a rose. It is beauty but it also has
it’s thorns.
Why complain when it gets hard when you also enjoy the good. It’s life. It’s how it
is. Just be grateful you got another chance, another day, to get up and change that
tune to get to the top again.
There were times I wanted to give up. Just quit but I can’t. Something in me, a
roaring voice telling me to get up and give it one more try. No matter how hard it
gets or dark the path has been, I just can’t to give up.
I feel something, deep inside pushing me to keep going.
I embrace the belief in giving it one more try, and again and again, until you ﬁnd
the way to make it happen. It maybe a diﬀerent path, diﬀerent tools, a diﬀerent

method but it will always be your journey towards your destination.
And I have been many things to learn, grow to achieve whatever I have in mind to
achieve. It is still blazing deep still and I never get tired of the greater purpose I
am working towards in my life.
I am grateful for life, time, my body and mind, good people AND also…for the
enemies, for many who misunderstand, for the hard times, for the ones who
dissappoint you,the ones who already judge you pretending to get to know you…
because when it does happen, it is all worth it.
It is better than you expect.
It’s that good when it turns out alright. Real good.
That’s Life..
That's life (that's life) that's what people say
You're riding high in April
Shot down in May
But I know I'm gonna change that tune
When I'm back on top, back on top in June
I said, that's life (that's life) and as funny as it may seem
Some people get their kicks
Stompin' on a dream
But I don't let it, let it get me down
'Cause this ﬁne old world it keeps spinnin' around
I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate
A poet, a pawn and a king
I've been up and down and over and out
And I know one thing
Each time I ﬁnd myself ﬂat on my face
I pick myself up and get back in the race
That's life (that's life) I tell ya, I can't deny it
I thought of quitting, baby
But my heart just ain't gonna buy it
And if I didn't think it was worth one single try
I'd jump right on a big bird and then I'd ﬂy
I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate
A poet, a pawn and a king
I've been up and down and over and out
And I know one thing
Each time I ﬁnd myself layin' ﬂat on my face
I just pick myself up and get back in the race
That's life (that's life) that's life
And I can't deny it
Many times I thought of cuttin' out but my heart won't buy it
But if there's nothing shakin' come here this July
I'm gonna roll myself up in a big ball and die
My, my
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Did you ever have a romantic relationship where there were no
ﬁghts? Is it possible?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. All my relationships I am in don’t have ﬁghts. Any say it never happens and
think that’s builds a relationship are oﬀ their rocker.
We may have disagreements but also, I don’t want my lovers feeling shit. I have
good management relationship skills, lots of experience in relationship, so you
kind of know where it’s coming from and what to do about it.
Relationships are more fun, loving, sexual but also lots of tenderness too. It’s
deep and we want to help make each other happy. I’m a lover so I want my lovers
happy and know what to do where we help each other. That’s really the goal in all
relationships. Working towards each others happiness. Safe, comfortable, secure,
loving environment.
People come to our place and walk out learning a lot and change their lives. They
get inspired by the lovers I am with a great deal. Plus the feeling, the vibe when
they stay with us for a week due to holiday visit.
We have this philosophy…
“We don’t like the feeling ﬁghting gives, So why bother doing it anyway…when we
can happily just talk?”
Has worked. It’s a choice end of the day.
So yes, you can have a romantic relationship without shouting, ﬁghting, throwing
verbal abuse at each other.
It’s do-able and it’s a lot healthier for a relationship.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why won't guys approach/talk to me? They pretty much ignore
me unless they have to talk to me for a school
project/assignment/etc. My friends say I'm pretty. I'm in AP and
honors classes, I dance, and play ﬂute and piccolo in band.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What “everyone” says, is to make you feel better.
The “everyone,” is your friends.
The “everyone,” is where you got backbone, you can laugh, smile :), tell jokes, be
loud, so open being all pals. Yes, anyone can do that.
That’s your comfort zone.
You get all these compliments from friends but they are not the ones you want
interest in the most. It’s the guys out there and if a guy compliments, don’t just
stand there, say thanks and say he’s cute too, and strike a conversation.
Even my neice aged 9 can do that too but get her to now do that around strangers
she will sit there like a statue.
Same with most women your age and above.
You’re friends will say all sorts to you, that you’re pretty, your blue eyes shine like
diamonds, that tons of guys will suddenly approach you when you leave school,
like an army of zombies, ready to ravage your body with kisses and bites, and
they will adore you like vampires.
That they will come at you like knights of the round table and ﬁght dragons for
you, and then kneel down and say..
“MiLady! I am Sir Lancelot. Would you be my Princess.”

You’re friends are not going to say…
1. “Girl, you is dreaming if you think some guy is going to even approach you
if you sit like a statue, all quiet, and being all pretty. That’s Disney honey,
snap out of it, wake up!”
2. They don’t want conﬂict with you
3. They don’t want to be the one to let you know the real deal
4. They don’t want to lose your friendship or create awkwardiness
5. They want to feel good and so they compliment
6. They also bullshit you so much you will feel so high, you’ll be ﬂying on
cloud nine, and believe cupids ﬂy and throw arrows of romance and guys
will be falling heads over heels for you.
That’s friends for you. They bullshit too much because hey, what are friends for
but to tell you what will make you feel good ;)
No, take it from a guy who has been in school, college and seen pretty girls sitting
on their asses and no one approaches them.
Sitting there, all quiet, that if a guy looks at them, they feel awkwardiness
running through their spine and think..
“Meh. Forget that. She’d bite my damn head oﬀ. Look at her. All serious, Sitting
quiet. Probably tell me I’m a player, or if I approach herm she’d do what most girls
do and start all that bullshit ‘he just wants me for sex blah blah.”
it is going to get worse for you when you leave school.
Think about it.
Those same fellas, who fear rejection, who just want a smile, who just want you to
wave and say hi, who want to see you step up and use intiative, will be many out
in the world.
You know the ones who bitch all day, complain, whine about guys like myself, on
how you girls date assholes like us. Yeah, why you date jerks like us huh? Why
when you got all these nice guys all over school, college, work that will spread the
carpet for you, open the door, get you a coﬀee, be your friend, text you for hours
on end, talk on phone BUT…never…ever….say..
“Hey, you’ve been sitting there all that time, and I have been trying to get your
attention. You shy or sometihng? Ayway I come to say hi, and….what you’re doing
this week?”
Nah, these guys won’t do or say that.
You could be wearing clothes looking like a Christmas Tree and they’d not
approach. Even if you look sexy hot, they’d probably think..
“Oh shit, she’s out of my league.”
You know, the same thing you are doing. Fearing rejection. Want the guy to
approach but the problem is…you think you’re one girl on planet earth but there
are tons of girls, and so our focus is left, right, up and down.
Asses everywhere while you is sitting quietly in a corner, wondering when will it
happen and believing it will be better when you leave school and college.
Got news for you..
It gets worse.

In fact, as you get older, you will also become more awkward and even believe all
the stuﬀ your friends say.
“If you approach you make yourself look too easy.”
“If you do tell him you like him too immediately, it makes you look desperate.”
“Oooooh. Don’t say hi. Play hard to get. It makes them chase you.”
“No. don’t say you like him too but disappear, yeah dissappear for two weeks and
he be so wanting you, so bad and he’ll chase you.”
Then as time goes by, you ﬁnd the women or friends, or whoever, said that to you
were talking a load of bullshit.
You ﬁnd the ones who are making it happen are taking intiative.
So you start to read 50 shades of grey to experience all the feelings in secret and
other romantic crappy books, and wonder how it feels like to be with a man who
knows how to sweep you oﬀ your feet, make your heart race, the sensation
throbbing through your whole body, knows how to be tender and yet Masculine,
and knows what he wants and knows how to get what he wants, and knows how
to do all that you fantasise in your head.
Yes, there are men like that who exist but they are not in the comfort zone.
But when the books over and done, the feeling goes and reality sinks in and you
ﬁnd yourself still in that same place, and rationalise you are there because you
wanted to be there.
That all guys are assholes, jerks, players and they don’t care about a good woman
and blah blah blah blah. The tedious stuﬀ we all heard before.
You later ﬁgure out from moving away from your friends who don’t give a damn
anymore, who changed their values, and who you wonder why were you friends
anyway, and who moved on like you didn’t even exist to meet new people.
New people who suddenly shake the very foundation of your belief system.
You ﬁnd…the women approaching guys and you’re like,..
“WTF?! I thought women didn’t approach?!”
Then you ﬁnd even women approaching women with a slap in ass, and kisses and
squeezing and you’re like..
“This is new? I never seen this world before!”
And as your mind expands because you stepped out of your comfort zone,
suddenly it hits you between you’re eyes because…you realise…the ones who are
getting dates didn’t fall for all the clap trap.
But because the comfort zone is still lingering, you just observe, watch, and stay
as this quiet girl who use to be quiet in school, watching everything.
But the time you are 40, you then say to yourself..
“I am ok alone. Huh! Yeah, I am ok single because I want to be,.”
By the time you’re 42, you relax and you show a smile, you show you’re
approachable, you show and he sees that and approaches you and..
“Hey there. I just saw you and…
“YES, FOR PETE SAKE YES! HERE’S MY NUMBER! GIVE ME A CALL ANYTIME!”
And he’ll be thinking it was his amazing skills, his awesome conﬁdence but really,
you woke up from the bullshit.

Some wake up from the bullshit at 13 years old and just hang out with the guy
they like. Yes, that young some date in secret without their parents knowing.
Some at 15. Some at 17. Others at 20. Some at 40, and some..well…never wake up.
They behave in a manner that makes a guy stay away.
No guy wants to approach any woman who doesn’t look approachable.
It doesn’t have to be that way and you don’t have to believe me either. You can
take initiative or believe what I am saying is complete bullshit.
Either way, it’s your life and you will be living whatever you do or..don’t do.
Better you take initative.
Next time a friend says, “oh it will happen when..”
Nod, smile and don’t believe a word.
Take intiative. Be approachable. Smile, get out of your friends circle, less
intmidated for guys and look up, smile, keep eye contact and then walk a few
steps forward so he knows you want him to approach.
If that don’t work, go a bit further. Change your approach. Tweak, reﬁne and see
what works instead of waiting around.
8.6k Views · View Upvoters

I cheated on a guy I was romantically involved with, what
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The original question was about a girl cheating on two girls, and what she do
about it because a mutual friend told these two guys.
When your not open and honest, it backﬁres.
The thing to do for yourself now, is come clean with both of them but know, it is
the deception that’s going to play hard on you.
It is best to always say you’re not looking for serious relationship and state your
desire. I do it all time, and I don’t mind some women walking away or I do. I hold
no judgment on them and nor should they on me.
I’m a lover and there are plenty of women who desire lovers who are open, direct,
and honest. And men too if you desire such a way of life.
Be certain then of the life you wish to live because certainty will help you feel
free, strong, giving you a positive attitude and mind of peace because you are
being open about what you want.
It will help you to screen out those who are not into what you desire but also, you
have a peace of mind too. It’s not good hurting people and there is never a need to
do so but rather, be proud of what you want, of what you desire, and be open
about.
There is no guilt and shame on sex except if you have been socially conditioning.
There isn’t one type of relationship models as most like people to believe and
make them feel guilt, shame and all the inventions that come with it like
modesty.
Best you come clean with them now, quick and then take it from there.
See the positive side that it is a lesson to learn, to grow and take to the future.
That you embrace what you want, what you desire, and be always open, honest,

direct not in a brutish way, but to screen out people who do not want what you
want, and knowing there are many who desire the same what you want.
It is a big world out there and so, you don’t need to worry about not ﬁnding
someone, or dating one, two, or three guys.
But do be honest, be open, be conﬁdent in yourself and what you want and you
will ﬁnd, you will live a happier life, a life of peace of mind, and whether others
disagree in what you want, or whether they judge that is their reality, their
perception and reveals their own conditioning.
Nothing else you can do now except coming clean and do so not just for these
guys but for your own peace of mind too.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

If I walk and talk like Snoop Dogg, will white girls love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you walk like Snoop Dogg?
Let me open your eyes a little more…
Here’s what you didn’t see…
1. Snoop or known as Calvin Cordozar made his own home made rap
music. He had passion for something. What passion do you have?
He had connection like the stepbrother of Dr. Dre of N.W.A and later Dr
Dre asked for Snoop to collaborate with him on a ﬁlm called Deep Cover.
Who have you been collaborating with to get your shit out there?
Or have you built something, to such a level, even online, someone can
see much of your work, passion for others who got the resources to want
to collaborate with you?
2. He released his debut album “Doggstyle” with Dre.
What have you released into the world? Books? Exhibits of your
paintings? Magazine? Or even a track record of some kind?
Ok how about a song at least?
How about something, anything you’re passionate about that lots of
people got to know you for, or do you sit around staring at white women’s
asses all day, day dreaming?
3. His album released under Death Row became succesful as his ﬁrst debut
album to enter the charts at number one.
So then, what about you mate?
Got a hot job, working as some coder who develops software, or even
working somewhere where you’re blazing your path?
See what I’m getting at?
All these give you the conﬁdence while everyone is trying to copy something to
get conﬁdence. You don’t get conﬁdence.
You LIVE!
Snoop has what is called Absolute value.

He’s achieved something in his life. He’s got something to show for it. He is
known. He earns from his passion and so on.
He is where he is because of his attitude. That is absolute value. He doesn’t need
to fake who he is. He is who he is.
If you walk like anyone, dress like whoever, and you attract a girl, that is called
Perceived value.
Yes, behaviour attracts and yes, you can get laid as well.
But guess where you screw up in?
When the girl ﬁnds out you are not who you say you are.
You’re just perceived value.
She ﬁnds out your absolute value is fake even probably before you get her
number, she’d ﬁgure it out. That’s why most guys attract lots of girls who ﬂake,
don’t turn up.
So learn to walk your walk.
Blaze your own path.
Follow your own rhythn.
Live your own story and world will be yours and it be on your terms.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if you're in love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you know you love someone?

I know because..
1. I have loved before. I know what infatuation is, looks like, feels and I
know what love is too. I know when honey moon is over and I know what
it looks like, feels like.
2. I have experience and a wealth of it to know.
3. I have given time for the chemicals/infatuation to ﬂow dry and ﬁnd, that
I feel more than I did for her before.
4. I admire more than her body. I love her personality, her care for nature,
for the world, her concerns about other people, her freedom in which she
dares and is bold to meet no matter what.
And I so the same with her.
Her sexual conﬁdence, how she’s comfortable in her own skin and open
to share all with me, without shame and guilt. That’s a woman with guts,
courage and self awareness.
Don’t get me wrong. I am a man who likes a woman body, and I need to
be attracted to her but then it gets deeper, because to keep a man like
me, a sexual lover, a woman needs to have more…compatibility if you
will.
5. I know because I would cross oceans, climb mountains, face whoever if I
need to, without any problem because I love her. Any problem, whatever
society says, relatives say, I don’t care.

I am committed to loving her.
6. That we are comitted and we don’t let anything like distance, worries
about what others think, and any challenges. We always talk with
certainty and we say..
“We will ﬁnd a way my..”
And we always do.
But in all things, regarding love or infatuation, it is due to the knowledge
and experiences. These alone let me know that it is really love.
While others grow in dissappointments and cautiousness - I grow in
never being afraid to feel infatuated and nor if it grows into love. I love
both of these feelings and I understand them well.
They are a gift but for the naive, for the immature and the inexperienced,
they can also be their curse, downfall and a prison for them.
28.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that some people who never really have to face being
lonely doesn't really know how to appreciate love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I turn the tap on, water ﬂows and I appreciate it.
Because where I use to live, in another country, I traveled from the moment sun
rised to carry a large stick, two tins on either side to come back with water.
I was 9 years old then.
When I once loved a woman, and another, and another, and ﬁnd they faded into
the distant, to now be in multiple relationships.
You don’t value love, relationships when you have never had it and lost it. You
cherish it more but also you learn to invest in knowledge, skill that when you talk,
it makes a woman’s heart race, her body pounding, her imagination wild, and she
feels this throbbing sensation through her whole body, for her to also value, what
it is to be with a man who knows how to emotionally connect.
When you have never experienced a deep emotional connection, you never know
it’s value to someone else or yourself.
I walk the streets, people scorn a beggar, and they judge, but for me, I sometimes
gave a sigh, walk over, sit on street with my suit with two drinks of coﬀee and give
him or her one, and if they got a dog, I buy some munchies.
When you never lost everything, as I did years ago, to know how to build wealth
from ground up, you’re only view of other people is they are beggars because they
are lazy, you’re judgmental, you do not see there are many reasons for one to hit
rock bottom. You don’t have empathy and be grateful for whatever you have.
I ﬁnd people who ask this questions are only looking to cover their own
insecurities, own fears, own lack of self love and try to rationalise on what they
don’t have to stay where they are.
In the comfort zone.
They love to compare to make themselves feel better at where they are in life.

And “most” is a safety net to not say “all.”
Most, some, few, lacks clarity. Either ask the question with certainty and say what
you mean because in all honesty, if you add “most” you might as well not ask the
question at all.
Be proud of your question and just let it rip and if some bla blah on how not all,
well, they are just being picky and not helpful.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do looks actually matter to guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It matters a lot. It matters a lot to me too.
1. It tells a guy you’re conﬁdent in yourself.
Do you have good hygiene? That’s something important, with shiny
smiling teeth and you just look healthy from a far.
2. It tells a guy you got good self image and self esteem.
Do you dress well and have this identity about you shining through?
I don’t mean brand clothes. Though that is ok too. I mean you are
comfortable in your skin, dress well, even in shit shorts and jumper, you
are walking with a skip, a smile, and full of life.
Into sports, ok bang some of that in your clothes. Into music, then wear
that to show your identity and passion. Into art, ok then, know how to
dress in a way that reveals you are blazing your path and hmmm….got a
guitar…sexy as hell!
Use clothes, use styles, use what you got to show you got identity, know
what you want.
3. It tells a guy you love yourself in a positive way.
Do you look after your body?
You know, lifestyle and how a girl thinks of herself can be told by how
she looks after her body.
Just going to the gym, or walking a long, can do a lot of diﬀerence. You
don’t need to go crazy with it but even a little helps to show you have a
positive outlook to life and it shows in how you look at the number one
thing you got….your body.
4. Do you love your body and comfortable in your own skin?
The most attractive thing we ﬁnd in girls that can pull us away from even
the extremely attractive girls, is how they are comfortable with their
body. You can tell by the way they don’t complain, whine about their ass,
their legs, their size and all that.
Just from the way you stand and brush your hair aside, or smile, back
straight, chest forward, ass out and walk like you won planet earth,
makes a guy think..
“Wow! Who is she?”

I once met a girl who you would consider fat but the way she walked, the
way she smiled, was so magical, it slammed the guys brakes and wanted
to know who is this girl.
She had this bubbly personality, smiling and way she walked, well, let me
say, it got your attention.
She may not be able to sort much with her body maybe for health
reasons, maybe genetics but she used what she got, and she looked
stunning.
You could tell with her, life was going to be just amazing. That she would
lap up all the compliments and with conﬁdence, humility, and smile all
about it.
I have met girls with degrees, who got good income that can’t even do
that. I just can’t be bothered with them. I mean, you got all that
knowledge and still insecure. Not this girl!
There was also this short girl, standing with tall sexy girls but she stood
out the most. The way she walked, the way her posture shined through,
the way she touched other girls as she laughed, and her hands on her hip,
and knowing how to use her body.
And when a guy looked at her she smiled, gave that cheeky soothing
grin, and brushed her aside like she was saying..
“Come on baby. Let’s see what you got.”
None of that awkwardiness. She had it down. She knew that with all
these girls, she had to raise the bar instead of slut shaming girls, which
by the way is a turn oﬀ.
The other girls, the attractive tall sexy girls would sometimes complain
on why she can attract guys to date and they couldn’t.
When she talked about sex, it was a turn on and you knew, she was
comfortable with her body, her sexuality and in her own skin.
5. It tells a guy you’re not insecure about a guy approaching you and
that you’d be easy to talk to?
Do you smile?
Are you sociable?
The amount of time a guy will look at a girl and she isn’t smiling, or head
down, or head in phone. She looks up but down so fast, doesn’t smile.
She’s not sociable when he does approach. She’s not conﬁdent when he
shows her attention.
She pushes him away with her silence or questions and doubts on why he
likes her, her personality, when she thinks she’s boring, plain, and hasn’t
got much going for her.
She’s insecure about guys approaching her and thinks sex is all it is,
because she thinks sex is all she has of value.

6. It tells a guy you are interested in him.
Do you recipocrate, walk over, smile, say hi and let him know you are
interested in him or do you follow social norms, hide, subtle hints and
make it all confusion like most girls do.
Most girls just stand there or sit like statues.
They are dressed in all their bright clothes but then do nothing at all. To
then wonder why guys don’t approach. They don’t because in all the
looking, a guy also fears rejection and he needs to know the girl is
interested.
Most girls just don’t make it easy. Their loss. They stay single and they
attract the insecure guys who bore the hell out of them.
A smile will do, a few steps towards him will do, a “hi”would do but
nothing happens.
She wants him to do all the work and all he wants is for her to just show
interest back but she doesn’t, and he walks away.
7. It tells a guy about how you view the world?
Do you whine about what you haven’t got and how you got dreams but
then blame everyone else for not going for them, and show you haven’t
the guts to go for your dreams?
Most of us guys want girls who are not like our sisters, our mothers, and
like most who we are familiar with. The ones who complain, whine about
life, about other people, about how they got dreams but don’t go for
them. We desire the go getter, the zest for life because we are tired,
exhuasted in hearing these negativity everywhere else.
Sadly, most girls do is logic - whine, using each opportunity of a reply
with negativity, and even when they are positive in response…it doesn’t
last long. It will be come tedious with whining, with negativity and with
what can’t happen, what isn’t true, what is bad and why would a guy be
so interested in her.
That’s even after the same girls initiated. They can’t help themselves but
to fuck a good thing up.
8. It tells a guy that you’re not a hassle, drama, play hard to get.
Have you let go of all this “if I make a move ﬁrst I might look desperate”
Or you’re still uncomfortable of who you are and ashamed of what you
want and still doing all that sexual repuation protecting bullshit image
most medicore average attitude girls do?
9. It tells a guy you are not emotionally draining
Do you look like someone who takes compliments well? Do you believe
that your worthy to be attracted to and even loved?
Or are going to question his compliments with emotionally draining
dribble on how you don’t believe blah blah?
So looks does matter and your look tells us guys a lot more than you even
think. Even with this..

1. It tells the guy how you care about other people and how you’ll treat him.
Do ypu insult other women and call them sluts whore and be mean to
people around you? Including online too?
When you see a girl crying, do you rally to her to see if she’s alright and
even if you can’t do much, you show you sincerely care?
2. It tells a guy you are not an attention seeker or you are.
Do you post lots of selﬁes on facebook and instagram?
By the way, I don’t mind seeing photos of girls I want to know on there
but what is a turn oﬀ is seeing nothing but selﬁes after selﬁes of pouting
lips and nothing of value like her talent, her passion, her thoughts of life,
and her achievements or aspirations.
You can’t tell us guys “oh everyone follows and superﬁcial” and yet you
are doing the same thing!
Do you have questions/answers that’s reveals you have no value to bring
to the tabe. That all your answer is for questions about your hair, your
look?
Yes, we look at your activitiy and see who you are and ﬁnd it
dissappointing. That all your answers is about showing your hair, your
face regarding questions about beauty.
3. It tells us where you are in life and attitude about yourself
Do you post questions about insecurities, about how you pine over some
guy, how you don’t know what you want?
Which means you got a lot of baggage and alerts us to keep the hell away
from you because if we start anything, you’ll be back and forth. Maybe
do some ghostng. Just too much drama.
Do you send messages to us guys asking questions about some guy you’re
dating because we got knowledge?
We keep away from you like the plague. We are not your brother. We are
not your close friend. We are not even your mummy and daddy. We are
not your therapist and yet, we see girls behave in this manner.
Yes how you look is behaviour as well and man, do so many girls mess up
in this area.
4. It tells a guy how you will treat him in the future.
Do you play hard to get?
Do you make it hard getting to know you?
Do you ignore his text messaged and not reply for a week?
Do you dissappear for a week or weeks with no response to his messages
or text or emails?
Yes….looks matter but not always in the way most girls think. We also

look at behaviour, at everything, we even ask questions from others to
ﬁnd who you are and go looking to see who you are.
To get a guys attention is easy.
You just need tits and ass. Don’t ever think you got it going because you now got a
guy’s attention by look.
You can in seconds turn us oﬀ by your behaviour.
Just by one simple thing, not showing your intent, or whining over something, or
not smiling, or anything and we’re done.
We move on.
A girls look can get our attention but really, so can a police car with a siren
blazing way. So can a billboard with a woman on it.
You don’t need talent to get our attention.
You got our attention in seconds.
To keep a guy’s attention and for him to date you, to stay with you in
relationships takes something else.
Any girl, and really ANYTHING can get a guy’s attention by look.
It’s not unique.
Keeping a guy, is a diﬀerent story altogether.
16.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl hugs you tightly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. You are passive-aggresive
2. That you’re looking for signals, meaning if she is into you
3. You’re the type who likes girls but don’t tell them and hide your intent,
and then ﬁnd they use your time, use you like an emotional tampon.
If ever there was a relationship with a girl, you will be like this guy here…
She says she wants romance, candles and surprises. I did that, she still
doesn't want to have sex with me. This is my girlfriend of 2.5 years. What
is this?
See how many years he has been with her and look how she plays him,
uses him, and then women bullshit with “oOoh he’s not enitled.”
I’d have dumped her ass in ﬁrst month because then, I do same. Women
not entitled for me being with them, being gentleman and all that
bullshit most typical men do.
4. It means you’ve spent too much time, talking, text, face to face in
a….PLATONIC…way when really, if you are attracted to her…you needed
to let her know.
5. But your fear rejection and passive behaviour built comfort not
attraction
6. So she now categorised you in her mind not for romantc but you are like
her…brother….a friend…a guy she won’t date.

Because a guy who isn’t passive and isn’t worried about losing the girl won’t ask
strangers but ask her, the girl….why all this touchy stuﬀ.
He also won’t end up like this guy has..
https://www.quora.com/She-says-s...
24.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would you chase your love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once, there was this guy and girl. The girl played hard to get and the guy chased.
When the girl stopped running. The guy played hard to get, and the girl chased.
This went on and on, as that’s what insecure people do.
They chase for validation and do not realise, you don’t chase love, you cultivate it,
you show intent ﬁrst and if the other also consents, then the cultivation, the
growing begins.
However, these two kept going back and forth, never really ever standing still,
until one day, they came together, and they won the trophy. She was his trophy
and he was hers but there was a problem.
When you run in a race to win a trophy, you want another one.
So they got bored, and they went oﬀ on their own seperate path, chasing another
trophy, chasing insecure people like themselves.
Because that is all it is - a game for excitement, and when the race is done, they go
look for excitement somewhere else.
When you make dating a game, it doesn’t end well. It only attracts needy,
insecure women and men, Men and women who doubt themselves. Men and
women who have low self esteem.
Men and women who if someone good came along, because they are gamers, they
see everything the other person does…a game…a manipulation. They won’t know
a good thing if it slapped them in the face.
They would see every move , every word, every compliment, every call, every text
as nothing but a game. They won’t know they got someone serious in their hands.
They won’t because they are too much into the game.
The thrill of the chase.
That is all they are in it for.
21.2k Views · View Upvoters

How come so many people are okay with their partners having
had previous relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Meh. Heard this so many time. It’s cliche from the inexperience. You’re probably
young and haven’t even been in a relationship.
Sounds like it.
This isn’t Bollywood. It’s not Hollwood. It’s not a romance novel. Maybe in a pipe
dream or in Plato’s bullshit stories about soul mates, and gods and godessses,
legend stories, fallacies about love conquers all.
Better step out of your house and visit the courts. There is a system process called
Divorce. There is a line of companies ﬁlled with lawyers.

Even they know the reality of it and captialise on it.
Michael Rosenfeld, an associate professor of sociology at Stanford University,
found that wives initiated 69 percent of the split.
That’s the real world.
Much of what you’re talking comes from social conditioning and has no logic. It’s
a fallacy and irrational. It’s woman talking like she’s talking to all women with the
fairytale that even majority of women do not follow.
Tell a woman who is so in love with her man..
“Before we marry, we need to write a pre-nup” and all of sudden all that talk about
love goes out of the window and steps in the fairytale….
“If you love me, you’d trust me.”
If that was ever true, there won’t be a justice system that has a lot of women and
men getting divources and bankcrupting families in the process.
The mayhem that kind of thinking has caused to ill prepare people for the real
world is unbelievable. We already had enough of this shit that is messing alot of
people’s heads believing love is enough.
The logic that if someone loves someone and yet the other person turns into an
asshole, then the person stays with the asshole because…..love will ﬁx it.
Imagine, a woman being physical abused.
You’re going to tell her to stay with the man for the rest of her life because love
will conquer all? That if she doesn’t then no man will ever want her.
This is cultural nonsense.
Next we will hear words like “sacriﬁce,” and “love will solve the problem. Love
will change the person.”
That’s talk from someone who has only tasted infatuation, and calls it love, but
never been in a committed relationship.
That’s what abusers use on women and men. Making them feel guilty, with the
fairy tale that love is enough.
“Sacriﬁce, this is love. It’s how it is. Love conquers all..”
Love is never enough.
It never has been.
The courts are there for that reason.
Write a romance novel. I’m sure many women will buy that crap the way they
bought 50 shades of grey, made it best seller and the bitch all day here on how
men just want sex.
20.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys approach girls only because of their looks? I’ve had
many guys approach me, mostly strangers, especially in the
summer. What’s the reason? I don’t think I’m that attractive
and I don’t wear revealing clothes.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men are visual and yes, we approach because of your looks. Maybe it’s your face,
maybe it’s your curves, maybe it’s style of clothes you wear, or the ﬂowing curls of

your hair. Maybe you have this cute average face.
Edit. Some folks it seems needs me to elaborate ;)
You’re talking about approach. You’re not talking about dating, leading to dating
and relationship, personality.
We’re talking about capturing a guy’s attention then..yes but keeping a guy’s
attention is a diﬀerent story altogether. For him to ask you out is a diﬀerent thing
altogether. Even if he did ask you out it doesn’t mean it will lead to a second date
or third date.
You know, like how you girls contact some guy, and blah blah, show some
interested and disappear from the face of the earth.
So we guys know you approaching doesn’t mean anything until it means
something i.e. you meet up, you date etc cetre.
Maybe you play hard to get.
Maybe you’re drama.
Maybe he ﬁnds out you just want attention and cannot stick to the ﬂow, and not
good at showing your intent and bore him silly.
Maybe your personality don’t click for him.
Maybe you do the disappearing act like a ghost.
Maybe you have this “OOoh I don’t like guys who just like me for looks and how they
just come and ask for my number.” (roll eyes)
I personally think such girls should just get over themselves before they 50, tits
sagging and then bore their grandchildren how when they were young, men were
so interested. No one cares about yesterday but today ;)
Maybe you’re not good at communication.
Maybe you dated some psycho, narcissists and think all guys are creeps and
players, and blah blah and so project that because you got tons of baggage that
makes your personality toxic.
Maybe you’re awesome but you can’t take compliments and and so it turns guys
oﬀ. Maybe you’re too much of a hassle.
Maybe you don’t know what you want and he doesn’t know what he wants. He
was just looking.
He just like the look of you but meh, nothing really works for him after that.
Maybe you called his mum a bitch. Maybe you act like one. Maybe you tell him
something that turns him oﬀ.
Maybe he doesn’t click for you. Maybe you are not into him when he talks and
starts doing whatever.
Maybe, you remind him of his ex who is a manipulator and use to play all these
melodrama games or she seeks attention and when she gets it, pisses oﬀ back to
where she came from, and only appears when she wants more attention.
Maybe he sees you’re not conﬁdent and sees you being direct as desperate when
personally, if a woman or man thnks desperate is approaching and being direct in
showing intent,saying exactly what they desire from person - then they need
fucking therapy or keep believing in the social norms bullshit and what women
buy from Cosmo.

Maybe…he has a girlfriend and he’s going to dump her but he’s checking you out
and realises he’ll stay with his girlfriend.
Maybe you already exhibit this tendency to talk about ex boyfriend to impress
which is one of the biggest mistakes women make today with men they are
attracted to.
Maybe you got a guy, but his a boring shit but hey, he’s safe but still, he’s a boring
and you yearn and crave for more but…still, meh, you don’t move on.
Maybe…you do what some women do, bitch about how you got standards when
really a person who has standards never need to say that bullshit. Someone who
doesn’t get approache much and rationalise it that they got standards.
That’s women, should never complain, EVER, when a man has 10 women as
options because he knows most are attention seekers. Yes, you’ll ﬁnd some men
are like that too…so better have options too.
There is a diﬀerence from…
Approach Vs keeping a guy’s attention.
But yes, it’s the visual. We see with our eyes so of course we are going to approach
because someone captured out attention.
Let me clarity again - you’re talking…about…approaching. That which captures
someone’s attention. Visual not dating, boyfriend and girlfriend, relationship etc
cetre.
You don’t need to wear revealing clothes.
It can be anything, where you stand or you got some cool glasses or you seem like
a girl who isn’t going to bite their head oﬀ.
It can be just a smile.
Maybe you’re more attractive looking than you think.
Maybe a lot of things but it is visual ﬁrst.
Because contrary to comics, romance novels and movies, we don’t have a
sophisticated technological devise that reads your personality from where we are
standing.
We got to approach to ﬁnd out…who…you..are.
And you can lay oﬀ that “oooh but we got standards and..”
We don’t care. We are talking about approaching not decision making, dating,
meeting, relationship, sex blah blah. Save that sexual image protection for the
crowd to ﬁt in. We’re talking about approaching.
The real question is…are you taking advantage when guys approach or do you
stand there frozen, with all these stuﬀ in your head of..
“Oh it must be he’s a player.”
“Maybe it’s because he just want sex..”
“Yeah I am ugly..”
“I am not attractive.”
If that is so, then of course, most guys see and feel the personality is a bit insecure
and ﬁnd themselves want to walking away because if you don’t believe in
yourself….you behave that way.
They’d feel your vibe by how you behave, the insecurities, hesitency, the
awkwardiness and whoooooosh..they dissappear.

26.7k Views · View Upvoters

How would you feel if someone said "you're too good for me
anyway" when denying wanting to date you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - you’re too good for me anyway
Me - Yes, you’re absolutely right. I am too good for you.
Then I walk on and thank my lucky stars I am not dating her because man, if I did
and with her level of insecurity…it be drama.
Smile and just agree..
You - Yes, you’re absolutely spot on! I am too good for you.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Golding Thomas

Why is it the better I dress, the more guys "shut down?"
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. You think dressing up and standing there like a statue means something.
Smile, initiate, do something.
2. Or you are being unapproachable
3. And he will think “oooh out of my league.”
4. I hear girls say guys who compliment are creeps and pervs…
5. I read on quora tons of women saying….don’t approach girls
6. And “but what if she rejects me?”
7. If I approach her she thinks I just want sex
8. She’s not smiling so she isn’t interested
9. She’s not looking at me and saying hi, so she’s not interested in me
10. Maybe she’s a bitch and if I approach she will be like some bat shit crazy
feminist telling me I am an asshole for approaching her because she
looks sexy and hot
11. But what if she is into me? But she’s not showing anything to me, like a
smile, a wave…nothing, nada…zip. Maybe she got a boyfriend
12. Maybe she’s dressed like that to meet her boring shit boyfriend
13. Maybe she might kick my ass after I say she’s cute and tell me I am a
player
14. What if she says no in front of everyone who is looking and I get
humilated
15. People are looking! I can’t risk a no. I got to make sure she is into me
100%!
You see what I am saying?
The same fears you got.
Thinking dressing up is all you need to do but what you are doing is being
unapproachable.
Smile.

Do something.
Say hello because most guys fear rejection the…way….you do.
You cannot expect someone to do something you are unwilling to do and think a
dress, short skirt, sexy legs will do it.
Yes, if it was me but he is not me. He’s probably some school or college boy, or
some man intimidated and never approached a girl in his life.
The way you never approached a guy…in your life ;)
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I like him and I'm pretty sure that he knows this & likes me too.
But he isn't making a move. Should I?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, make your move.
You see him and approach
You -” I have been looking at you, you have been looking at me, and we haven’t said
hi. So…Hi :)”
He will probably have no balls so transition..
You - “Semester ends in two weeks (SMILE)…..and I don’t do this often only with
guys I’m interested in (making your intent clear it’s not platonic friend crap). Like
to grab a bite or drink this week, maybe wednesday or thursday?”
Then see his response and take it from there with exchanging his number and
then let him know, to text you, or you will. So there’s no confusion and assuming
anything, and waiting who will do what.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

What's a good amount of time to wait before replying to a text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t play these games. If i get a text and I know, and I see in my phone…I will
text immediately.
Of course if I am in a muddle with being busy and all kinds of craziness that
sometimes happiness in my life then I’ll wait then when all this is gone…text.
Hoping the woman on other end is mature and has grown out of all these games.
So I always reply, I always text if I can immediately.
Women know I don’t care about looking high status and all that bullshit. They
know I am direct in my intent and it’s now down to their level of mindset and
their own insecurities.
If they can’t take a man who is direct with his intent and who is fast, straight and
even detailed in his communications with messages online or text, then one
thing will happen - they dissappear like a ghost and that’s ﬁne.
But I won’t play games.
I can’t be assed with it. There’s more important things to think about than worry
of little things like that.
Just can’t be assed with games, what women will think, trying to not message for
days to look important, trying to look valuable. Honestly, we all know people lead
boring shit lives so let’s cut the pretending out.

Just not worth it. It spoils the process for it to be fun and down to earth.
If a women judges me on how fast I text and all that, well, they really immature
and I really can’t stand that thinking.
I’m not bothered about “it looks desperate.” because I know my value. If being
direct, if replying immediately and they see it desperate…I don’t want such
women in my life anyway.
They can stay well away. It’s ﬁne.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

I've been on 3 dates with a man but he didn't text to wish me a
happy new year or accept my invitation to hang out that night.
Is he not interested?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason is simple..
1. He’s not into you. I havent known this girl and I even haven’t been on a
date with her. I text her happy new year. I made time as she did too with
sending me New Year message.
2. I usually know early on even before date that I am into the girl as I look
beyond looks and more deeper by conversing. So we conversed already. I
don’t follow social norm dating process. I am more direct and get lots
already out of way before we meet face to face. I can’t stand
awkwardiness, games and pretending we’re not into each other.
3. However, I have other women too and I do because a man needs to keep
options open as well because some women take too long, dissappear, life
gets in way and all kinds of stuﬀ.
I feel this guy is not into you as you are into him.
Men who are into someone will show immediately but you need to appreciate
something else though…
When most men show direct intent with women, they have experienced women
step back. They experience women play all this hard to get games, dissappear, do
not communicate for even a week and they got the number, they got email, they
got all but don’t stay in touch.
If it was long distance, no problem, we understand but when it’s in same country,
local, well that is a red ﬂag for men like myself.
So sometimes, this past experiences plays a part and some men become cautious
to show too much interest and very slow at it. It can take months to even get to
the level of communication you desire.
Sad fact for most people is they bring their own perceptions and past experiences
and project it in the dating process.
I would advise you to not push it with him and ensure you are dating other men,
have your options open, because in dating process you will ﬁnd many fucked up
people, many insecure, many slow like snail, some dissappear, some ﬂake, some
don’t show emotions until months and so you cannot wait for them.
You need to have your options open, not focus on one guy and be busy dating
others until…you ﬁnd someone who is into you as you are into him, and he has
the balls to show vulernability and when he does….please do not back oﬀ.
Do not suddenly dissappear and play hard to get like most women do.

Instead, show interest as he does, show passion, be open, don’t talk like third
party like he’s doesn’t exist but focus all on him.
It will happen but you need to keep your options open or it be very slow, if you do
it the way you are. Fill your funnel with men, and let them know you are still
looking, dating until you meet one that clicks.
The mature will understand and those who judge, let them go. They will be
drama anyway for the future.
369 Views

How do I know if I am in love or infatuated? I am not the kind of
person who loves someone for her beauty.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was getting ﬁred with questions while standing in a large hall of students. They
were suppose to focus questions about marketing for jobs. All where 16 -18 year
olds. Then this girl, 18 year old, tall, attractive, red ﬂowing curls with a big cheeky
grin walked up to the mic and asked..
“How do you know the diﬀerence between love and infatuation..”
All the guys were pretending to be cool by complaing about the question but I
said I will answer the question.
Here’s my answer…
“Infatuation is not a choice. Love is.
You see someone, chemicals kicking, and you ﬁnd yourself all feeling many
emotions for this one guy or girl. It’s like a rollercoaster. It hits you. It’s not
rational, All rationality gone. It’s all emotions. This is the Honeymoon phase and
it will die out soon enough. Sometimes in days, sometimes in weeks, and
sometimes in a month or so as you date.
But love is a choice.
It is a choice because infatuation will dissappear and now you CHOOSE to be
with this person. You choose to invest more time. You choose to invest emotions,
feelings, thoughts, resources and time. You choose to be with this person even if
they are at the end of the earth for years because you know, in all you found out
there, this doesn’t come so often in your life or anyone’s life. It’s rare. You choose
to make it work. You decided rationally rather than with lust.
Infatuation is not a choice.
Love is..”
She later became one of my lovers as I walked out to get a coﬀee at the cafeteria.
She got tired dating young immature boys and wanted to hear from an older man
the diﬀerence between infatuation and love.
We dated for 4 years before she left to New Zealand.
8.7k Views · View Upvoters

Have I made a mistake dumping this girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have a lot of maturity to happen because the real issue is you are worried
what it look like to others, the…age factor.
This is about your own insecurties.

I’m in my 40’s and I date younger girls and yes, 18 year old and I have to say they
are more mature than young guys for real.
I have no damn problem what society thinks, because I’d tell them to mind their
damn business out of mine. It’s my life and whoever I am dating. I have no
worries about it but you do.
You haven’t the maturity and you really should have stayed well away from her
because you’re messing with her head.
This is why younger girls date older men who are mature, who have grown past
this social conditioning about what society thinks, what age looks like to others,
and who value no drama.
You are that - drama. You bring your own insecurities into dating.
To her you’re just another reason why she don’t date young men and date older
men, and men of maturity, who have strong conﬁdence and self esteem than this
need for validation from society.
Because that is all it is with you - got to look the part for society. Worried what it
looks like to other people, friends, relatives etc. What you really look for that is
important is non-existent. It’s there but you avoided it all to let this about age and
what it looks like to everyone else as important.
Best you move on and leave her alone.
Just date someone your are age because you got a lot of growing up to do and
maturity. This is someone’s life you’re messing with.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl, but I don't think I'm worthy of her attention. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then stop wasting her time. A girl doesn’t want some guy who puts her on a
pedestal and doesn’t believe in himself. What girl want’s that?
None.
So if you cannot see yourself worthy of love and then forget even bothering with
girls. First you need to develop your core values, and get reading books to develop
yourself because this is poverty poor thinking.
You should leave the girl alone and focus ﬁrst on developing your own self esteem
and self image.
Last thing a girl needs is some guy who whines all day about how she is too good
for him. Leave her alone and spend time ﬁrst developing your own mindset.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I compliment a girl who receives many compliments?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget worrying about giving girls compliment. Most girls are insecure and so
when you do give compliments, give it without worrying if they believe or not.
Most are just insecure and can’t see what you compliment because their self
esteem is low and mostly they think the worse of themselves.
So if you’re going to compliment, do it because you mean it but be ready how
most are just insecure and start being negative about it.

The issue here is the intent of your compliment that is skewed.
What you’re doing is giving compliments like it’s some manipulation - to get
some response. That’s not a compliment.
That’s manipulation.
The key here is - you’re avoiding what to really do and it’s not you complimenting
her but showing intent you desire her.
You need to let her know that you are attracted to her.
So I focus on the intent ﬁrst on how I desire her and let her know that.
That will tell me three things.
1. She also feels same way
2. She doesn’t
3. If she doesn’t you will ﬁnd she will dissappear if online or oﬄine, she will
avoid answering clearly. Or give some reasons on why it won’t happen
without being clear about it i.e. she won’t say no.
So forget compliment. You’re wasting your time.
First show intent and if she doesn’t feel same way or you ﬁnd she is playing up,
avoiding issue, move on.
You will also ﬁnd, the girl who isn’t interested will not state she isn’t interest most
of the time but will avoid the issue by saying she’s busy, she’s not ready for
relationship. she got a boyfriend etc.
They do that to avoid conﬂict and you better watch it as well with girls who use
you for emotional support. Don’t agree for friendship to get close to her in hope
she one day changes.
It doesn’t matter if her answer is true or not.
She has shown her intent in what she said and in her behaviour.
Moment you see her intent is not clear, move on.
She’s not worth your time.
10.1k Views · View Upvoters

Two waitresses at diﬀerent places told my boyfriend and I that
they have never seen such a couple in love. Is this a good sign?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not a good sign if you depend on other people to validate what type of
relationship you got going on.
It means you both don’t know each other well, probably lot of fake stuﬀ, pretence,
have no idea what love is and how to develop it, playing safe and not enough real
raw emotional connection.
You got serious issues with maturity and what makes a relationship grow if you
base love within a relationship by what a waitress says and whose job is to make
you feel good, give you compliments so they can…get…tips.
889 Views · View Upvoters

Why does she ignore and delay my text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s just an attention seeker. She’s not interested in you in that way and you are
also not interested in her in that way. If a girl doesn’t communicate consistently
and there is no intent from your side or her side, it’s endless nonsense.
Yes people are busy but her behaviour is not on. He ranting away because you
didn’t text is not on. She’s not entitled because…
You had months and you haven’t shown intent and nor has she.
There’s really nothing going on to build on anyway. It’s just drama and nothing
else but that - her seeking attention. Psychologically seducing you to be passive
and for her to use you for nothing more than attention.
You’re also not interested in her as you said you have nothing in common and you
could have moved on but after deletion, you added her on again like you felt
guilty, being some nice guy, passive and so this is what you get - drama.
1. Block her.
2. Block her on ever channel
3. Move on
4. Done.
It’s not rocket science to move on.
It’s not about what she wants but what you want, and since you don’t want
anything really to do with her, then it’s obvious what to do.
This time, stick to it.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why does he like me when he could do better?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In all the things that pushes a man away is a woman who thinks she doesn’t
deserve the man and this has a knock on eﬀect.
It makes the man feel less conﬁdent because you’re actually saying something is
wrong with him.
Weird isn’t it but there we go.
The environment a person is in can impact another person feelings. Vibe can
impact someone else’s vibe.
It can push a man away and you lose the man. It’s emotionally draining to even
get to know a woman who is insecure about herself and doesn’t get it.
You won’t believe the amount of guys who crave, yearn for just this..
Feeling!
To be appreciated.
To be respected.
To be admired.
To be loved.
If most women just stop playing around with all this hard to get and victim
mentality, and just get on with it in loving the man, they’d do great.

But you don’t do it fast enough or when you do get the man, you are so focused on
fear of loss, on why he is with you, on telling the man about some drama, instead
of focusing on the man, that you lose him.
In fact, when a man compliments on your personality, letting you know what it is
about your personality or your body, or your talent… you are so insecure you
throw it back at him.
That also is a turn oﬀ and it is a red ﬂag for a man. It tells him something is a miss
and you will be emotionally draining in the future.
That you will throw whatever good he says about you back at his face and if this is
what you do, believe me, the cracks are already showing and you don’t know the
half of the battle the man is now having inside about you.
In the last 5 months I have walked away from many women and all because of
that. All because they are insecure, they cannot believe good can come to them
and always, one way or another, they mess it up by creating some drama, trying
to raise their status, and I get dissapppointed.
I do give chances but there has many a times I have turned women away due to
this because they become emotionally draining. I am trying to focus on them,
and they focus on insecurities, on what if, what might be, and stuﬀ happening
outside of us, and it does not good for the relationship.
You lose him because of this…
FEELING.
If you make a man feel good, just that alone, aroused, good, loved, you got it
sorted but so many forget WHY the man was attracted to them in the ﬁrst place.
We are always assessing and so, attracting the man is not the same as keeping the
man. That unfortunately is where most are just not good at because what comes
into the equation a lot is…how you make a man feel.
Do you make him feel desired or do you push him away?
Do you bring certainty or do you bring doubt?
Do you make him feel on top of the world or do you make me him less of
a man?
Do you bring peace, calm, love or do you bring drama?
Do you treat him like he’s a therapist or do you treat him as a lover.
Man assess and continues to do so. It is not only women who walk away from
man. Man also walks away from women.
And when man does, women always try to compare on women he is dating
afterwards with the looks, with her height, with what’s going on in the other
women’s life but it has nothing to do with that.
It is to do with the attitude she brought into the relationship.
Most women mess it up with silly behaviour, immature behaviour, doubts,
uncertainty, words like..
“Him, he, them”
And the man is in front of you!
All focus needs to be in the existing relationship and nothing should ever come in
between, even one’s own aﬀair with one’s own insecurities.
When you do attract the man…you still don’t get it.

You continue to doubt, create uncertainty, create bad vibes, drama, negative
feelings which makes a man question if being with you in future is a good idea.
So here it is….
The man is with you because you make him…FEEL.
You don’t need to convince a man with logic. Make him feel.
You don’t need to ever worry about other women, if you know how to make him
feel with what you have.
You don’t need to worry about distance, about lack of clothes, lack of money, lack
of youth when you know how to make a man feel.
You’re good looks, your curves, your body, and looks can only last for a while.
Let me make it clear.
We GET BORED OF IT soon enough!
You heard right. We get bored of it and so, if this is all you got, you are so done
because we can get that somewhere else.
It’s not special. It’s not unique. It’s not new.
Don’t you get it?
Like women, they can get sex easy somewhere else!
Think about it for a moment..
Have you never been with guys and felt you wish they could make you feel
special, unique, like you are the only one? That the man knows how to arouse
you, how to make you feel alive, knows what to do when emotionally connecting
with you and physical contact, that you feel special?
That you FEEL he knows you, knows how you tick, how you want to be touched,
caressed, held that no man you know, can do?
He can be the most average looking man and he will make your boyfriend or
husband, or that guy you so into, boring as hell and all because of something that
makes sex, that bond, so damn unique.
Yes, it is not the sex that is unique or your look.
It ‘s how you make the man feel he is a MAN when he’s with you.
It’s called…feeling.
He’s with you because he FEELS it and with other women he doesn’t.
You’re a woman, you know the drill.
You feel a man, you feel aroused, you FEEL the emotions, you feel it and so, when
you do it tells your brain…
“Ooh, it’s meant to be. This is the man. I want him.”
And every guy around you and girls will ask..
“WTF? He’s average guy?”
But you reply..
“Maybe to you but to me…I can feel the tingle through my body, my lips begin to
dance, my heart starts to pound…I feel the pulsating throbbing sensation going
through my whole body. I feel nervous and happy at the same time. It makes sense

with him. I want him but I am scared too. I feel excited and I know he can satisfy my
mind, emotionally and sexually in ways most men will never be able to. I feel the ﬁre
going down…down…through my belly and my legs shudder and I cannot explain
how he does it. I just know this is how I FEEL and SENSE it with him!”
Now reverse that for the man..
It’s the same.
So you need to stop focusing on your insecurities and focus on the relationship or
you will be like most average girls, because..average… isn’t about the look.
It is an attitude.
You’re attitude right now is average.
The amount of women so terriﬁed when good thing comes along is
unmeasurable. I mean, you get the quick, fast, and then you wonder why it
doesn’t last. Of course it’s not going to last.
It’s infatuation.
Well, have you ever considered that this guy has already dated lots of hot so
called extremely attractive girls and they bored the hell out of him?
Have you ever wondered that after going through that crap again and again, he is
smart enough now to know what it is, how it works and is now looking for
something deeper?
The stuﬀ mature people look for and not some teeny bopping guy who thinks
only with his dick?
When you taste what fast is, and experience the drama, the bullshit it brings, and
you realise it doesn’t last long, you yearn for the real deal.
You’d travel to the ends of the damn earth for it and even wait for years for it, and
you just cannot be assed anymore with just good looks of a woman or man. I’m
serious. You are sick of it, tired of it and you can even be 18 years old and
experienced more than most adults and yearn for an older, maturer man because
you just had enough of the bullshit.
Because most of the dating is headache and ﬁlled with bullshit. You wish it was
just easier and less stressful, and ﬁlled with simply the man just saying he desires
you. I mean for pete sake, why can’t we just get on with this!
You can’t be bothered with it because the DRAMA it brings is just crazy. Why go
through all that drama for a short term spill?
You have been there.
It can be soul destroying.
It can be depressing.
It can hurt for a long time due to a few weeks or a months or a year relationship
when you can have the real genuine no drama relationship, ﬁlled with deep
emotional connect and hot pounding sex , and the desire grows even after sex. It’s
rich and keep growing.
You remember how bad it was.
You remember what fast gave you.
The day where it was so fast, you met, dated and on same day had sex here and
there, and all was going great but then, just like that, it goes dead!
You don’t get even a phone call!

Only when sex is on the horison on a back of car, or the shower, or the quickie and
sex becomes like Meh, just that…sex.
Now you don’t see the guy and you don’t know if it’s over or not. You’re stuck in
this mess and all because….YOU WENT FOR THE LOOKS!
And you’d think people would learn from their mistake.
They don’t until it is far too late, when their youthful years slipped through their
ﬁngers.
People do it because people are conditioned for the now, the fast, the insteant,
what glitters but what glitters isn’t gold. It is an illusion.
You want above average thinking after going through that drama.
You want compatibility.
You’re not going to compromise it anymore because you have been there, the
place of hurt, confusion, not knowing where relationship goes and all because
you went for the…..look!
You went for the bang…bang infatuation.
Honey moon is over and now you’re in this dark place and even the most average
looking girl is attractive now, extremely attractive.
By her making a guy just feel alive, he even forgets the so called extremely
attractive girl.
This is the same for him.
Give me an average looking woman with high thinking and sexual drive of a
beast, and who can make me feel alive…and who doesn’t bring drama, focuses
soley 100% on me as I do on her…and…you can keep all the hot silicon valley
women for all you like.
It be me and her, against the world. The world can burn for it all cares and we will
pleasure ourselves in all the ways we have desired.
Feeling.
When a man grows, he looks for this…..how she makes him feel.
To you….better is all about looks.
To you….better is about some hot babe.
To you….better is tall red head with white creamy skin and plastic breasts.
To you…it is a magazine cut out.
Of course he can do better.
Any man can do better. Any man can.
You’re right.
He already has.
He’s with you.
That’s attitude you need to have.
That’s how you think if you want to keep the man coming back or you will lose
him because if you behave with average attitude long enough, the man will grow
to believe in your own lies.

That maybe, you are right.
Maybe you haven’t the attitude for him for the long haul.
That you are like most girls, who have no patience for the long haul. Just
immature, frustrated, got to have it now and when you get it now, you question it
all. You start self sabotaging it with drama, games, questions, disappearing acts
and create doubt.
So average isn’t looks.
It’s about the level of your attitude.
Having the positive attitude and showing a man certainty is SEXY, it is attractive,
it is conﬁdence in him.
Everytime you show lack of conﬁdence in you…you are hitting his conﬁdence
and man can take so much to then realise…that maybe it is better to you let go
and ﬁnd someone else who isn’t average in attitude.
Man doesn’t want to hear about some other guy.
Man doesn’t want to hear your sex stories with other people.
Man doesn’t want to hear how you like some other guy.
Man doesn’t want to hear how you think he can do better than you.
Man wants you to focus 100% on HIM and if you can’t…then he will see that
maybe something is wrong with him. He will feel shit and because you make him
feel this way with all this….he decides to cut his losses.
He begins to evaluate and begins to wonder if this woman is really going to be in
his future. The seed of uncertainty has now been sown.
The cracks are going to be shown and you won’t know, he will never tell you but
he will plan in his mind, until you ﬁnd out when it is far too late.
He will say..
“Erm, I am not looking for a label for this relationship.”
And you cannot go and try to amend all this now.
Why?
Feelings is why.
Make a man feel amazing he is coming back.
Make him feel shit by doubting yourself, behaving a a victim, bringing drama into
his world, questioning his feelings for you, taking focus away from him onto
someone else or something out in world…..will…only….create doubt in him about
you, about your maturity and about your lack of certainty.
He will then FEEL hurt, dissappoint, in pain, shit.
No one wants to feel that. It hurts. It’s painful. It is saying he has failed and when
a man believes in your lies then he believes he has failed too.
He will then walk away.
It doesn’t take much.
It takes one woman out there to…make…him….FEEL alive after he feels he failed
with you. The one he thought….would..believe in him.
When that is gone, it is so easy for another woman to capture his heart.

And that is what the majority of women mess up with all time. They think when
they got the man they don’t have to make him feel amazing.
It’s not hard.
Just be amazing with yourself, have a positive attitude, believe what good has
come to you is meant to come for you because you’re not….average..
You’re only average when you THINK you are.
Because average isn’t the look… it is an attitude.
13.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do men choose beautiful women over intelligent women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t know about other men, but for me..
1. She is intelligent if she can turn me on.
2. She is intelligent if she can do it also by what she wears
3. She is intelligent if she can also do it with conversation
4. And if she is average looking and does, holy shit, we’re really going to
have some major fun.
5. She is intelligent that after sex I am still with her.
An intelligent woman for me is one who knows how to use what she has to arouse
a man, attract a man, keep his attention and follow through to capture his heart,
and on it goes.
If she cannot, she can forget bullshit about “he used me” when she wasn’t capable
enough to know how to seduce.
Many blame it is due to not being beautiful.
Not really.
Many are just plain shit at knowing how to seduce a man. You won’t believe the
type of fuck ups women do and turn oﬀ a guy. I mean the most obvious that has
nothing to do with him to appeal to his heart and mind, they go oﬀ and do, like a
self sabotage maniac.
Lots of insecurities kick and this self doubt.
Even most women’s conversation can be boring as hell, with..
“So how are you blah blah.” Yawn.
Or “I was with this guy and we did..” (roll eyes)
Nothing to do with the guy but more to do with showing some false status value
or drama, or just usual nonsense most women do. Thinking it turns a man on but
really, it turns a man way oﬀ.
They don’t even need to try hard and still they can’t seduce.
I choose a woman who can turn me on and keep my attention for years to come.
That’s an intelligent woman, no matter if she’s beautiful looking or average
looking, whatever.
If she cannot turn me on, after I approached or messaged, I walk.
Personally, I ﬁnd most women are clueless on seduction these days.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why is a girl being straightforward rather than playing games a
turnoﬀ for some guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called friction.
There is a saying, “don’t shit too close to home.”
His friction could be..
1. You’re a co-worker.
2. If anything happens and it doesn’t end well, a break up, it creates
awkwardiness later on. He probably doesn’t want to be in this position.
3. He maybe in a relationship and he hasn’t told you because he likes the
emotional support, the texting, talking and the connection.
4. He has co-workers who are friends and they know about him dating
someone else.
So there will be friction.
You’ll never really know. He’s not to blame either.
It is always best to show intent but even then, I won’t bother when it comes to coworkers as it can get messy later on.
Many leave their jobs because they cannot handle the drama/emotions.
There is something else I like to add which will save you a lot of time.
Not all men will shy away from a woman who shows intent. You didn’t really
show intent early on. You spend far too much time being platonic for a while. It’s
not heart pounding, exciting and escalation in seducing a man.
It’s not like passion and it’s not really much of a turn on either.
It’s more platonic and I have found, when a woman doesn’t show intent early on
if she’s interested in me, and I didn’t know, for her to tell me 6 months later, well,
I ﬁnd myself not excited by it.
I now see her as a friend, platonic, and not really attraction phase.
It’s become comfort,
When you don’t show intent early on….you miss the attraction spark and that dies
away and becomes something else…comfort.
You also invest a lot of time, emotions and you will ﬁnd most of the time, if not all
the time, it leads nowhere. Many men and women do things for nothing more
than attention seeking.
It feels good to ﬂirt for some people and that is all it is.
It feels good to see a woman taking interest and you will ﬁnd yourself wasting lot
of time, texting back and forth, bantering away, ﬂirting and even building an
image in your mind that the guy is into you when he’s not.
The problem is you never get clarity.
You never know where you stand and it’s also dangerous because what you’re
doing if you don’t show intent, is building…comfort not attraction.
When comfort sets in, it’s really hard to see the person as someone to be attracted
to in a sexual and romanic way.

It happens but still, it’s just emotionally draining to not have clarity.
It’s best to show intent early on and if attraction is there then it works in your
favour. You can build on it but if it’s comfort, well, very diﬃcult for attraction to
spark from it. It creates many questions regarding awkwardiness.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What will you never do in your whole life and why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t mention the obvious but more focused in my world…
1. I will never hide my intent that I desire a woman I am attracted to.
2. I will never apologise for my sexuality. Far too many men apologise to
women with passive-aggressive behaviour when they need to show
intent from day one and let the chips fall where they may.
3. I will never give a woman a second chance after she rejected. Life is too
short for playing hard to get games or convincing.
4. I will never date a woman who isn’t high sexual and is attached to much
of the social norm fallacies on dating, relationships, sexuality.
5. I will never try to change woman I am dating but rather date and only be
in relationship with women where we are compatible with each other.
6. I will never shit close to home. Instead, I will date outside my social
circle. Far outside!
7. I will not engage with ex girlfriends or their friends. I cannot be assed
with the bullshit and drama that comes with it.
8. I will never make money, fame, popularity, women come before my
passion, my goals, purpose in life.
9. I will never give up my friends, social circle, and my passion for women.
10. I will never give up on my goals. I will endure in learning more to become
better at what I do to achieve them.
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

What scares you most in life?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do you fear the most?

Yes, there is one….
Hurting someone.
It worries me a lot. It’s why I am direct in my intention with women.
Direct doesn’t mean brute force. It means showing my intent clearly in words and
behaviour that I desire a woman. That she knows I desire her and clearly knows
what I want.
She has to know from day one what my intent is and second, I don’t hide
anything in regards to what I desire, where I am in life.
The negative side is most women are very insecure and conditioned to believe
that it happens like the movies, hidden, hints, subtle messages. So it’s too much
for them and can’t understand how a man can be so direct.
The positive side is I attract women who desire Masculine men who speak what
they want without being passive about. It also eliminates future confusion and

reduces a lot of hurt due to lack of showing intent early on.
Being direct in my intent helps me to avoid hurting others and it also screens out
women who are attention seekers. It polarizes them and reveals their true face,
their true nature and they dissappear soon enough.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why did she stop texting me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is..
1. Attention seeker
2. She just wanted emotional support to kill time
3. She isn’t interested in you in a romantic way
4. She realised she can’t use you for emotional support and dissappears
when you showed intent.
5. That’s how you get rid of clutter, yes, women who want attention and
emotional support. You show intent and they dissappear.
Count yourself lucky you didn’t spent too much time with her.
Always show intent from day one, making sure you don’t get any woman’s
number without her knowing why i.e. you desire her, you’re attracted to her or
you are wasting time.
If she doesn’t agree to date or doesn’t show intiative, move on.
She’s not worth your time or eﬀort
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy texts you all the time, does it mean that he likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He may like you but not in the way you might think. No one will know and this is
the problem with people who just look hints and signals.
There are so many people I ﬁnd who just make things so diﬃcult for themselves
with over thinking things. They do so due to fear of rejection and they do so
because they over think far too much on what the other person might think of
them.
But the way I believe is this..
If ever you want to know where you stand, be direct with the person. You will
know if the person is into you. If you want clarity which most people do not have
due to their own insecurities, and get lead on by people, women and men who
seek nothing more but attention….you need to be direct with the person.
In being direct you will ﬁnd the following..
1. The person will dissappear. Yes, when you are direct to someone who
desires nothing more than attention, or someone who is in a
monogamous relationship, you will ﬁnd they dissappear fast. They will
because now they know they got to be clear with you in where they stand
but they won’t and so they will dissappear.
2. The person will say they are not interested in you in that way and just see
you as a friend.

3. Or they are interested in you and so the opportunity is now there to go
further in building on the existing attraction.
You will ﬁnd life gets so much easier in these matters and you eliminate a lot of
frustrations from having insecure people who just want attention, insecure
people who fear abandonment and can’t believe good can come to them and also
people who are just wasting your time by playing some game.
You will also attract the people who desire you at a faster rate.
So the only way you will know when someone is being ambigious is be direct with
them. That is the only way.
You cannot ﬁnd out from other people and a mature person will understand this
and not look for hints, signals because people do a lot of things for no other
reason but they are bored and they are killing time.
Be direct. Be open with the person and if they act all that, well, at least you know
you don’t want to have anything really special to do with that person anyway.
14.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do I text him or wait until he gets in contact with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your next text needed to be more than small talk. You needed to say whatever you
said and add that you like to meet and suggest something. I say this because from
what you shared, he’s very nice passive type of guy.
Not much conﬁdence but nervous and doesn’t know how to really lead to next
date.
So best you do the following..
1. Text him..
“Hey, there’s a place I haven’t been to called (venue/bar, whatever) and I
wondered what you’re doing this week, wednesday or thursday evening.”
2. He will text back.
3. Now lead to phone, get rid of the awkwardiness.
“Great. Let’s talk on phone. Call you in 5 mins?”
Even if he says another time, it’s positive. Call then.
4. Now talk, build some attraction again, be fun, and talk again about the
place to see, activity, and get time and date sorted.
So get started by texting him because this guy is just, well, meh, passive. He
shows interest in you but needs a nudge from you.
Try it and you’ll see exactly what I mean :)
All the best and have fun.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I get mad when she doesn't text me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You have expectations when she is not your girlfriend or heavily invested
in you.

2. You desire validation from her to show she’s interested in
3. You are frustrated then, because you lack options and therefore, she is
the only girl when you need tons of girls in your funnel.
4. When you have lots of girls as I do, whether one or 5 don’t reply, it’s not a
big deal. It’s means nothing to you. You have so many texting you,
sending you messages and on top, busy with your life, you don’t care.
You’re not desperate. You’re dating others. You’re having fun with girls
who show availability to you and those who don’t, you don’t put time in.
You put time in the one who shows intent and follows through.
That doesn’t mean you’re mean, hurtful and dishonest. I’m very direct
with women. It just means if someone not making me a priority then I
won’t with them. That’s really it.
So create options because a dating process needs to be where a man has lots of
options. It is a must when it comes to girls.
That way when one cancels or plays around, or plays hard to get, or is insecure,
whatever the case maybe….you’re laughing because you got options. You’re
dating, having sex,having fun and it is no worry on your part if any don’t text
back.
It’s cool. No big deal. They can go back to their boring shit life pretending they are
making it happen. You know the drill. Just have options and move on to someone
else.
Makes a lot of diﬀerence when you have options. No matter what one girl does,
doesn’t text, doesn’t respond…you’re going on a date anyway with someone and
having fun.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

What was the coolest line a woman used to initiate contact with
you (a man)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some of the coolest line women said to me…
“It’s raining, it’s miserable but when I saw you sitting drinking coﬀee, I feel it’s
summer and anything is possible.”
“You have the most amazing deep captivating brown eyes. Are you Italian?”
“I have never done this before but if I don’t say it now I might regret it (pauses)
….will you marry me?” (laughs)
“If it was any other man I would have been oﬀended but the way you say it and
make me feel, I can’t help but be mesmerised by your conﬁdence..”
“I want you..”
“Take me away with you from all this..”
This one is diﬀerent..without words.
She didn’t say anything but while on tube train, threw a small ball at me, I turned,
she smiled, waved, blew kiss. I got up and approached and date sorted. Love
conﬁdent women who don’t mess around. Rare these days.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How should I deal with a sexless relationship?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love is not enough.
Don’t fall for this myth so many try to vomit on you.
Love is not enough!
A friend of mine was in same position as you and there was on helluva twist that
will shake your core. You can take it or leave it because I don’t write to convince
anyone but say it as it is.
I shared with him to walk, move on but he didn’t listen.
I said to him you don’t deal with it or handle it. You see no compatibility and love is
not enough. You walk is what you do because if LOVE was enough,you be both
riding each other right now! So don’t talk to me about love. Walk. Move on and ﬁnd
compatibility.
He didn’t listen like most who follow Hollywood Movies, Bollywood Movies,
Romance novels and so many fallacies within social norms to get hurt real bad. I
see it time and time again, and it’s the same script replaying.
She told him she won’t have sex until marriage.
He was dating her for 3 months and I already warned him about his behaviour
with women and how women will treat him like shit, a push over but he didn’t
listen. Some just don’t learn except the hard way.
Now here’s the twist….
I went shopping with another friend for some clothes and I met a woman who
had friends with her too. She knew one of my friends, and as her friends started
talking, me and her walked over checking some stuﬀ around the large clothe
shop.
After some ﬂirting, I pulled her in and we kissed.
We later found our friends and we agreed to meet that night
It lead me and her later on, after the night club to go to her house and we had sex.
After we ﬁnished, got some drinks, we were at it again.
She later gets a call and it’s from some guy.
She tells me he’s a guy she likes but not in love with. He’s really nice and
something she is going to keep as a STANDBY.
We laughed and she knew that I knew what she meant.
So the rules she plays on other guys cannot be played on me. I made sure because
my state of frame and behaviour from day one was diﬀerent.
1. Playful
2. Sexually aggressive
3. Conﬁdence
So I am not categorised as…platomic potential boyfriend.
I see truth in sex. TRUTH.
Any woman play me with this, it is over. You don’t dangle that with anyone
because sex is not a prize, it is……TRUST!
Don’t talk to me about marriage when you cannot even…trust to be physically
intimate and do what most women do, dangle sex like some carrot. Like sex is

some prize and deﬁnes the wholeness of a woman.
Bullshit. We know this is to try to control a man and keep a man when really
majority of women who get married cannot even keep their man, and man
cannot keep a woman, for we can see right now on Quora how many have aﬀairs
and cheat!
So any promise like marriage, don’t even bother falling for that nonsense of a
promise. No one can promise that they will be with you the next year, never mind
for life.
Second week and I meet again and we have sex some more. We even have
threesome with her blonde girl friend. It’s all on.
Third week and I am with my friend who is unhappy because he feels the girl is
slipping away. He’s meeting her right where we are, at the bar.
I hear a voice behind me saying hello to my friend.
I turn round and guess who I see?
His so called girlfriend who told him that she will not have sex until marriage and
she is a virgin blah blah blah.
The same girl I have been having sex with!
The same girl who said she’d leave this guy and travel with me. The same girl who
told him that they can cuddle and maybe kiss but…no…sex.
The same girl who DICTATED the way this relationship with him goes. Telling
him what she wants but he…never tells her what he wants and has the
comittment to walk away if she says no BECAUSE love…is…never….enough.
People put too much stock on love like it is will solve all their problems and try
and make society guilty for saying , “no I don’t want this.”
They don’t see it takes work, it takes lots of knowledge, skill, deep emotional
connection to make it work and by god, some are so damn naive to not even say…
“NO! I DON’T WANT THIS!”
Why? Because of pussy? Tits? Ass?
Relationships is hard enough as it is.
You would compromise your desire, your needs when there are so many women
who will desire you and desire the same as you?
You are this way then beause you lack resources for whatever reason, you lack
options of women pursuing you and think, maybe, that if she is gone, you cannot
ﬁnd another.
No, real love is loving yourself ﬁrst and being true to yourself.
To be direct with women and say what most men will fear saying. Yes, you may
lose women but the women you attract will love you for who you are and for what
you desire, and need because they also desire the same same.
It is a win…win!
That’s real love.
Loving yourself to be honest with what you want from a relationship but instead
you got her on a pedestal.
Next day he gets a call. It’s over.

I meet her again at her house, she’s wearing see through white robe, and naked
and….
I dump her right there and then, and walk.
My heart sinks. I liked her a lot. She was amazing at sex and we clicked really well
but this is my friend. I feel shit as a it is because I didn’t know the guy she was
talking about was my friend.
But I could walk on and walked I did.
Last thing I ever wanted to do is hurt someone and I hurt someone without even
knowing it. That’s not what lovers is about.
We bring love. We bring honest. We bring directness. We bring truth in what we
desire and we behave what we desire without any shame and guilt.
But this was a diﬀerent situation that even with truth, my friend was in this
picture and I walked.
The moral of this is not about cheating.
The moral of this isn’t even how you must behave the way I do and anyone else
saying they would not behave as I do to women or women say they’d not be with
such a man…is IRRELEVANT.
The moral is this..
She told you what she wants but nowhere do I see about what you want. You do not
want a sexless relationship or you won’t be here right now concerned about it.
And she cannot promise you, nor anyone woman on this earth that the future is
marriage with you.
1. So you invest time
2. You invest emotions
3. You probably invest money too
4. You sacriﬁce your life for that which is uncertain
And ﬁnd yourself hurt real bad because you think….love….is…enough.
You ﬁnd she marries someone else or one year down the line, she wants to move
on. So you invested all that for what?
It doesn’t matter you love her.
It doesn’t matter if she says she loves you. It is NOT enough for her to even show
physical sexual intimacy with you.
If love is enough then you both will be naked, riding each other right now
because the trust is there between you both.
That means - she….doesn’t…see you in that way.
You are her friend and nothing else but that and all those cuddles, is nothing
more but psychologically keeping you on a string, like you’re a throw away,
because she has yet…to ﬁnd that man who she will drop on her damn knees to
give him a blow job, right there and then and ride him.
This is how it goes and you will know where you are with her by reading this. This
is not Disney. This is not Hollywood.
This is not Bollywood or Romance novels. This is not some fairytale story and
nonsense that if you love her enough you will stay the course. No this is reality,
the real world…

1. The Lover
Lover is the man she has sex with. His value is excitement, adventure,
experience in knowing how to love a woman, make her feel alive, knows
what he wants, knows how to get what he wants, the CREAM OF THE
CROP, women so want to change but cannot and will only settle for a
woman who is his equal and who is not monogamous.
They say they are lovers, they are direct in their intent, they reveal
exactly what they want and they attract…lovers. It’s win..win and society
with all their rules does not come into it. They make their own rules!
They know love is not enough and yes, they do fall in love but with
women who are compatible with them.
Compatibility is what most in the next section try to always compromise
because they want to change the person or fear losing the person. Not
lovers. They’be done it, wear the shirt and not interested in such tedious
drama type of life.
2. Platonic boyfriend
He’s the guy she has platonic relationship with, with some cuddles. They
date but nothing sexual. This is a guy she tells she won’t have sex with
only when married but never marries this guy and if she did, she will
dictate sex, and everything else fore this guy is passive, weak type of
man.
3. The Boyfriend
Boyfriend is the guy the girl dates and has sex with and can move into
serious long-term relationship. Much of the times they relationship is
tedious, boring, due to many factors I won’t go into but nevertheless, it
can lead to….
4. The Provider
Provider is the guy women later go for when they had their fun, sex,
adventures for stability value. It doesn’t mean he has money and job. It
means for a woman, he can bring stability.
5. The Friend (Nice Guy)
Friend is the guy women use for emotional support, knowing this guy is
into them. He is what is known as Nice Guy but nothing nice about him.
He rationalises he is with her to help her, save her from bad boyfriend
but really he wants to get into her pants.
He is passive-aggressive. Bitches all day about how girls go for the Lover
types, and the bad boy types and complains about everything else rather
than seeing his skills and conﬁdence is so low but doesn’t correct his
behaviour.
If I give advise to this guy, he will be an emotional wreck and will
continue complaining rather than learning. I ﬁnd such guys are not
ready to grow and learn.
Girls don’t date this guy.
They…hangout with this guy but that isn’t a date.
This guy mistakes hangouts and going to movies as a date. He is passive
in that he always looks for hints.
Never direct in his true intent.

He’s not valuable to them except for emotional support.
The amount of guys similar to him are of abundance. He’s not rare, not
unique and just a please.
By unique and rare, I mean honesty. I don’t mean looking like some bad
boy. It means fearless in his desires and shows his intent and is willing to
walk and has balls to move on if a girl doesn’t behave in a manner to
show intent back.
He speaks wihout worry on what it means and he doesn’t get hung up by
her text, or no text, or no replies, because he has options. He is a rare
breed, unique because he follows his own…code…of..conduct.
He doesn’t ever follow much of what social norms dictate and this makes
him stand out and shine bright in crowd for other girls who are lovers to
desire him. So appreciate what I mean by unique. It’s not what most
think it is.
The friend type, nice guy is not unique. He has no voice. He has no
opinion except when…he’s alone or hiding online complaining about
lovers, bad boys, jerks, assholes and girls who date them.
Women, girls have many of the friend nice guy types and they orbit
around the girls. They are talked about by girls as guys who are pathetic,
desperate, needy and to be used for nothing more than a bank or
resource for emotional support.
You are here..Platonic boyfriend.
The guy she has platonic relationship with, with some cuddles. This is a guy she
tells she won’t have sex with only when married but never marries this guy and if
she did, she will dictate sex, and everything else.
He will complain about how he doesn’t have sex and on it goes for a long time
until he wakes up, which rarely happens until she falls for someone else, who
isn’t passive, and probably a lover type.
It never ends well for this guy because he is willing to do what Nice Guys do.
Compromise what he desires in a relationship.
When it doesn’t work out and she marries or has sex with another guy, he
complains how women are awful. how lovers get girls and how bad boys treat girls
so bad and yet girls for them.
He doesn’t realise that all this is irrelevant and it is he who put himself in this
position to be treated this way.
He behaved platonic from day one.
He compromised what he desires.
He didn’t have the balls to say no to her and walk and approach someone else
who desires what he desires, an emotional and sexual relationship because he
feared losing that girl.
In other words…you don’t deal with sexless relationship.
If you have to deal with it, you’re going against your own needs and desires,
which will later make you unhappy and bitter.
You say no and walk, is what you do.
You don’t deal with it. You don’t handle it.

You decide you are both not compatible and move on.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

What will a guy feel if I avoid his text messages?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He won’t know why you do it or understand. So if you’re doing it for some
validation or to punish him, watch out.
It never ends well.
If you want him to know how you feel, you need to let him know.
He’s not your lover and you are not his. It doesn’t matter if he’s close. You’re not
his lover and so priority isn’t there.
If you are interested in him in that way then show intent.
Because it might be he feels you are but you are playing games, and he is unsure,
so he’s keeping distance.
Right now, if he’s just a friend, you shouldn’t be complainnig on how he takes 2
days. You’re not his lover but a friend. Not a priority in that way.
It’s small talk text and so it be boring. It’s not sexual. It’s not ﬂirty. It’s not
romantic. There’s no goal of some kind.
It’s just plain simple text. It’s…platonic.
Pick up the phone if you want to converse. It’s much better.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl reply with a one word answer within the ﬁrst
two texts?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. You’re not a priority
2. She’s not your girlfriend
3. You haven’t shown intent and playing safe
4. She’s busy
5. She’s not interested in you at all
All 5 should be a reason to not waste your time texting her and move on.
7k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think are the best and the worst things about text
messages?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best..
1. It’s fast
2. It’s cheap
3. It can be done immediate in under a minute if you know what to text
The Worst

1. You wait for a response
2. You can assume too much
3. It’s cold when a person has no clue how to text, ﬂirt, sexualise in a fun
way with texting.
It’s why I like using the phone as I feel the woman’s voice warmth. It’s more real
and you get feedback fast, right there and then.
I like to lead text to phone as soon as I can as I want to hear the voice. It’s more
personal and warmer for me. I also get a reply there and then on my questions or
whatever feedback I want or remove any assumptions.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why won't he respond to my text messages anymore?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….
1. He doesn’t see you in that way. He doesn’t want to spend his time with a
woman who he is attracted to and she is not recipocrating the same
feelings.
2. So there is no point because it takes time investing in friendship with a
girl when he can spend that time with a girl who is attracted to him.
It’s not that men can’t be friends with women.
We choose who..to be friends with.
This is a diﬀerent situation. See it from his point of view.
He approached you and showed intent. He choose not friend but romantic. Since
you didn’t recipocrate then he isn’t bothering to go further.
Best to move on and spend time elsewhere i.e. approaching other women who
will be attracted to the guy, rather being a man who behaves like an emotional
tampon for a woman, pretending “we’re friends.”
He can’t “pretend” to be friends to a woman he’s attracted to and I cannot
understand why you’d even want him to be in a position that can hurt him
because it does hurt being with someone who does not recipocrate the same
feelings and emotions, and desires back.
If you want emotional support, talk and all that, you can do so with lots of girls as
friends or nice guys who pretend to be nice because they care but really want to
get into your pants. He’s not that guy.
He’s was honest, direct, shared his feeling which is very rare in a world where
men and women play hints, games and hide their intent due to fear of rejection.
He took that risk and now he moves on as it was a no.
It’s obvious he’s attracted to you and being a friend, pretending makes it diﬃcult
for him.
So it’s best he moves on.
18.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when my girlfriend tells me that she hates my
life style?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When has feminist been about telling someone how they should live their life
around what any individual expects?
If she wants to create something big, then she can move her ass and go and create
something big than trying to change someone.
You’re not her…project.
See point 4 in this answer..
Adam Taha's answer to What common mistakes do people make when choosing a
life partner?
This is ﬁrst step of her being abusive. Trying to be controlling.
Someone trying to control you, dictate how your life should be when she needs to
leave to ﬁnd someone else who is into whatever she is into.
She is saying this to you because she has tested your frame while back on other
things and thought you are a pushover. Now she got somethings controlled…she
tries some how much more she can control because you was passive-aggressive
before. You let her do that with other things in your life.
It’s why you are here asking when a man who knows who he is doesn’t fear losing
the girl will tell her straight up to not tell him how to live his life. He’s stand up for
himself right there and then.
If she isn’t into man she is with then she can take a hike back where she came
from and be with someone else but she knows, you won’t say this.
She knows you fear losing her.
In fact, she wouldn’t even say that to a man who she knows won’t think twice to
sit her down and tell her what the boundaries are.
He would have let her know of these boundaries from day one.
She can with you because of your behaviour and how been then nice, push over
passive type of guy. You didn’t establish the boundaries so now she is creating her
own with you, and trying to assume this is what you need.
Let her know, she’s not MUMMY and you are not her SON!
Either she embraces who you are or ﬁnd someone else because ﬁrst you stop
doing that, then she will tell you to stop seeing friends, then she will tell you
when to eat, when to sleep.
Then when she got what she wanted, to dump your ass.
Now where is your life?
Where is your passion?
Where is your friends?
Where is your resources?
You give all that up for a woman?
Then you’re going to do what most women do and complain about how you did
all that for her because you loved her.
No, you would do it out of fear of losing her.
You’d have laughed your head oﬀ at her and continued doing what you’re doing if
you didn’t have that fear. She’d have realised she’s with a strong man who knows
what he wants and no woman going to dictate how he lives his life.

Relationship has never been about changing anyone. It’s been about loving
the person for who they are.
This has nothing to do with feminism.
This is a women who is being abusive.
Don’t be passive about what you want to do with your life and establish the
boundaries with her. If she don’t accept the boundaries, fair enough. There’s the
door. She walks.
991 Views · View Upvoters

Can a strong chemistry between two people actually prevent
them from being close?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sometimes there are things that can prevent them being close..
1. Insecurities.
The chemistry is there but because of the insecurities where one fears
rejection or abandonment - the person doesn’t communicate their intent
and desire to be with the person. This makes the other person frustrated
and in time pushes the person away.
This can also be drama, arguments and social construct such as jealousy
and possessiviness. It can also be that one or both are projecting past
negative experiences into the relationship.
It can also be this dissappearing act, on and oﬀ.
I get a lot of women attracted to me but what I ﬁnd that always stands
out is most have low self esteem. They doubt why I am attracted to them
and that’s…after THEY pursued me!
Talk about shooting themselves in the foot. You want something, it
appears and you fuck it up due to insecurities. Happens a lot with people
who think “it’s too good to be true” for themselves.
That is because they are insecure, they lack conﬁdence, they can’t take
compliments, they don’t believe in themselves.
It happens a lot and well, when I see that, I rather just let it be. I can’t
change someone’s past and I can’t change someone’s mind and how they
are.
I can show intent directly, be myself and if that’s in question for some
women, then they can be go back to their boring tedious environment
where guys don’t show intent and cannot even satisfy them emotionally
and physically. I’m far too gone for such games.
2. Friction
This is when there are external problems that one or both feel they
cannot really let go of. This can be religion, fear of what relatives think,
fear of what society thinks, age diﬀerence that are within the legal
consent bounds but it is all friction that can be handled, but they are not
brave enough to do so.
3. Communication
Lack of communication and clear direct communication can also
prevent both being close. So if one or both do not communicate often

enough and in an appealing manner, which intensiﬁes sexual tension,
and attraction then what happens is the gap that is created for them
contributes to awkwardness.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I love is not being able to move on from her ex who left
a year ago. She's giving up on her dreams for his sake.How do I
make her feel right?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t.
Don’t be some white knight push over. You do not do a damn thing with her.
Move on or she will psychological seduce you which she already has, into an
emotional tampon.
Move on.
She will eat you alive with her psycological bullshit.
You fell for it already.
If it was another guy, believe me, the ex will be nothing and she’ll drop to her
knees for such a man she sees more value than her ex.
You cannot handle her, as you have proved it so.
Move on. This really is not for the nice guys but for the bad boy, player who knows
how to handle girls like her.
The excitement, the sexual tension, the attraction is weak with you and so, that is
why her ex is part of this discussion.
Girls do not speak of such things to a guy they fear losing. They will say to the guy
she isn’t into her boyfriend or ex, which is telling you she desires you, but if she is
saying the opposite, forget it.
She don’t fear losing you.
You fell for tha trap so fast, already trying to save her to…”make her feel right,” to
such you can’t see through your own bullshit.
That really you want to get into her pants.
So save that “make her feel right,” and get real or you’ll hurt yourself. Girls love
the emotional support and know they can get it from most guys. It’s why I always
put this on my proﬁle..

It’s me telling such women to stay well away from me if they want emotional
support or whine about some ex.
I’m not interested only for women I seek to be lovers and they seek me to be a
lover with. Or they have no call to even bother.

I’m very strict on this as I know most women yearn, crave, for attention and
emotional support. Some girls who have guys as friends and now they pine over
these guys because the guy left to date a girl.
So now they don’t get the attention. They don’t get that guy’s time to talk and
vomit about their bad days, their ex, their boyfriend too.
Some even try to ﬁnd a way to get him back.
You are not equipped with knowledge and skill to handle this girl.
Second, the only reason a guy would even bother with her is a guy who lacks
options.
You can do better but you invested far too much time on her when you could have
approached many available girls who haven’t got the ex as some story.
She has..literally showed her intent to you.
She isn’t interested in you.
Meaning, the pleasure is not greater as the pain for her to leave her ex. So you are
not as valuable, nor does she see greater pleasure, to be with you.
Move on.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Keevin Tamplin

What common mistakes do people make when choosing a life
partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are…
1. Expectations
2. Insecurities
3. Lack of openess
4. Trying to change someone to a speciﬁc ideal lover
5. Compatibility
6. Lack of knowledge and skills
1. Expectations
It always starts with someone’s belief system. People come with lots of thoughts
that came from their own environment, upbringing, who they associate with,
what they read, watched, seen and experienced.
Never really a true understanding on how hormones, chemicals and other factors
within oneself is really making the decisions.
Knowing and understanding this knowledge can help to make better choices and
also enrich relationships because they are not built on some Disney…Bollywood…
Romance Novels myths on love happens.
Most have this idea what love is, how it happens, the soul mates and all of it
comes from myths and legend stories, religions and superstitions.
So most people they think love is enough.
When they have lived, been in many relationships and experienced the real world
then there is a drastic change that happens..
It can be negative or postive. It depends on the person.

I see it positive because it brings understanding and maturity. It brings growth if
a person is willing to let go of the myths that are within social norms today.
However, some ﬁnd the reality diﬃcult to grasp because they experienced
dissappointments with someone, they become closed oﬀ and yet, they expect so
much from someone else they meet later on.
The reason being is they once experienced diﬀerent relationships in which they
fell for this ﬁrst sight love but without true understanding.
They had this preconceived notion about someone before getting to know the
person. They paint imges of the person in such a perfect light and some even go
too far with six pack, clean life, all in order, like an organised symphony when life
isn’t like that and nor is a person.
They already painted long-term relationship like it’s something you say and it
can be given so easily and it all comes from the insecuries about sex, the invention
of modesty, and so they always approach with this idea..
“Men who don’t want relationship are players.”
How can a man even want a relationship when hasn’t even experienced her in all
the ways. Some women who ask this are so useless at showing emotions, being
open and even sex is worse. They have no experience and lay there like a star ﬁsh.
Then the guy ﬁnds out only after months later.
This idea that something is guaranteed when really, nothing is.
Most so out of touch with reality and got these expectations from comic books,
romance novels, hollywood movies, bollywood movies, mummy, friends and do
things because everyone else is doing it.
When really everyone else is in a mess but they are only showing the uncluttered
photos on facebook and instagram.
Most people don’t want to see ﬂaws but got to see all perfection, like it has to be
so right like a movie, a romance novel and so they paint someone in a certain way
before they even get to know the person.
Then when they meet before they had deep conversation, texting, talking on the
phone they meet to ﬁnd their images does not match the reality. They ﬁnd
themselves dissappointed.
2. Insecurities
Then there is the other part, in which most people bring into with them even in
the initial stages. They bring their past negative experiences and perceptions.
They judge instantly, they look at compliments like it’s some manipulative game,
they can’t even take a compliment.
When I’m into a woman and I see traites in her personality as well as her ﬁgure, I
compliment. That is my nature. That makes me feel good in doing so and I do it
sincerely. I don’t expect the person to believe or not believe. I don’t do it for a
response. I do it because I like doing it on what I see and feel.
But most people always having their walls up and already trying to label,
categorise and put a label on the person. They cannot see that beauty within
themselves.
It’s like when you train in the gym for months. You don’t see the diﬀerence and
maybe those around you who see you everyday don’t either but someone else,
who can see the beauty. Someone also you know but haven’t seen for a while will
see the diﬀerence too.
So people have their own insecurities.

They also have the fear of rejection and abandonment.
They cannot get over themselves and just focus on getting to know the person.
They hide their intent. They hide their desires. They hide their sexual fantasies
and expect the man to know everything in how to be loved, touched, kissed,
fucked and all the rest because they read it in a romance novel.
Every conversation has this doubt, uncertainty and all it does is it reveals the
person is unwilling to show vulnerabiity. In doing so, the person feels the other
person isn’t that attracted to them or they feel and attraction fades.
Which brings me to…
3. Lack of openess
Most people don’t think the reason why a man knows how to pleasure a woman,
what she desires, what her utmost deepest fantasies, what her fears are, what her
boundaries are, how she liked to be treated, touched, kissed, held, caressed to so
much more…comes from…this secret..
I lead to the conversation so we can talk about it.
That’s how I know what to do, how to do it, when to do it, where and all the stuﬀ
women and men thinks it happens by mind reading.
Even if you know one woman, that doesn’t mean another women you date is
going to be the same in how she gets turned on, how she wants to tenderness,
emotional connection, touched, loved, caressed, eating out, to even how, where,
when etc.
This is a myth! All women are diﬀerent and so you got to ﬁnd out and you don’t
ﬁnd out by guessing. It messes it all up if you guess and that goes for women too
with men.
They think I’m a fucking wizard, a genius, who knows women inside out.
Yes, I do because I ask the tough questions most men and women dare not ask.
I ask how they like to be treated, loved, and what tenderness means to them, what
physical contact means, if they like rough, slow, deep, hard, fast, pounding, blind
folded, tight, slapped on ass, sweeping oﬀ her feet and what that sweeping oﬀ her
feet means.
Yes, everything!
AND that is before I even meet the woman on a date.
It’s called leading. It’s called communication. It’s called conﬁdence. A man how
knows what and how.
That’s how a man knows.
But most always got to avoid doing this.
It’s that Disney eﬀect of how it just happens because movies showed it that way,
porn movies showed it that way, romance novel showed it that way when really, a
lot of communication happens due to two people being open, honest about what
they want from each other and how they want it.
That is how the bond develops.
Most people never get to this level even when they dated someone for months or
years because one of them or both are being passive.
4. Trying to change someone to ﬁt one’s expectations

Even when they know the type of person they are attracting, they have this idea
that they can change this person. It’s one of the biggest mistakes and then when
they don’t get validated in way they wanted..
“Oh I was used for sex.”
People blaming it on sex, blaming it on someone else, blaming it on anything
when they consented, they met, exchanged words, ﬂirted, isolated somewhere
away from society and had sex and then say that nonsense.
All because they had this thought that they can change this person but really, no
one can change anyone.
Which brings us to….
5. Compatibility
You really cannot ﬁnd you are compatible if you are always wearing a social mask
and always in pretence.
When you’re passive in the initial stages and don’t get this out of the way, then
trouble is ahead.
The question isn’t if you are both compatible but how much are you compatible
with each other. Do you see the world in similar way.
There are somethings that you can let go of but there are somethings you won’t
tolerate such as for me, sex is a big for me. I desire a woman who is sexually
conﬁdent, comfortable in her skin, doesn’t follow much of the social norms, isn’t
a following type of woman who is so worried what society thinks for her to desire
to ﬁt in. She loves to touch, cuddles, very physical.
That she isn’t jealous and possessive type and she desires a man who is nonmongamous and who knows what he wants, knows how to get what he wants and
can satisify her emotionally and sexually.
Compatibility is an attitude and towards a process both agree on to work together
towards each other’s happiness.
This is something so many avoid talking about in initial stages because they fear
of losing the man/woman. They fear rejection.
6. Lack of knowledge and skills
All of this needs knowledge and it is an ongoing process of learning. It needs
knowledge to develop one’s own self esteem, loving themselves, loving their
body, loving who they are, detaching from the myths and all the stuﬀ we have
been vomited with that tries to tell us our value is by our looks and validation
from people.
The next is the knowledge and skill to get one’s shit together ie. purpose in life
and understand no one completes you. You complete you. To remove the myths
of soul mates but doesn’t mean you cannot feel your lover is part of you.
It just means you have your own life, you continue to build your own resources,
your own social network and never mess with this part here. Not for any woman
or man. This is your life blood and being passive about is poison for you.
Third, you need the knowledge and skill for socialising in diﬀerent
environments, know how to handle diﬀerent dynamics, communication skills,
conversation skills, approaching skills, building attraction skills, building
comfort skills, seduction and mastery regarding sex.
You need knowledge to determine diﬀerent women/men, from the psycopaths,
narcissists, clingy, needy, to all kinds of personalities. Knowing this knowledge
clearly comes from socialising with lots of people and not just reading books.

Yes, it takes risks but in taking risks and making mistakes, it gives your memory
more information for the future.
Then knowledge and skills in how to manage relationships.
People make the mistake in thinking love is enough but love needs help. It needs
your help by continually investing in yourself with knowledge and to continue
sharping one’s own skills through practice.
Most leave such things far too late and ask questions when they are 30 years old,
when they should have put time in long ago.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with this situation? I have a huge crush on this
girl at work. I'm 25, male and have now changed companies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First stop comparing yourself to anyone. Proﬁts, wages, success is feedback of the
right choices and doing the work. You are where you are due to your choices. You
want to do get more, do what others are unwilling to do…put the time in to ﬁnd
out where you want to be, what it needs, and go for it.
Stop with this talk about “I’m not as talented.” Talent is overated. Enough
talented people who are do degrees and in jobs they don’t like because talent
alone is not enough. So stop daydream and ﬁgure out a way and apply in real
world. Daydreaming gets you nowhere.
Second, on the woman - you don’t make a move on her.
You already approached and she’s as you said, ignored you. She showed her
intent. Move on. Plenty of women on this planet.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Cristi Serban

What does it mean when she says “I know too much about
her”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means…
1. You have spent far too much time being passive aggressive to get close to
her
2. Therefore, you hid your intent that you desire her.
3. Because you don’t have conﬁdence
4. That she categorised you very fast as a friend, a brother
5. And so, you became the emotional support, a tampon whenever she has
problems she shared them with you, and you…let her. That whenever she
needed your time, you gave it to her and it was all…platonice
In other words what she is really saying..
“Look. I’m just going to let you know that no way will I date you and nor will you
ever get between my legs. I don’t see you in that romantic and sexual way. I have to
say it now, so if you spend time with me, it is your fault if you HOPE there is ever a
chance for you to get into my pants. You’re a friend and being anything else is just
going to be too awkward because I cannot be natural self with you but I can with…
a….lover. If you step over the line I will let you know again and remind you of your
place.”

So you probably spent way too much time with this girl being like a pal, a friend
and she felt she needed to let you know that she doesn’t see you in the way you
might be feeling. Maybe you spent way too much and so it alerted her that you
might start having feelings for her and so she’s letting you know where you both
stand.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't men read the signals women give oﬀ when they're
interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 10, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let’s say the one who asked this question is a woman. I walk through the city, I
walk through tube station and yet, how many gorgeous, sexy, extremely attractive
women are there?
Plenty.
You’re asking like you think you are the only woman on this planet.
Distractions every where!
You’re not the only woman on planet earth and nor are you the only one with a
cute face, tits, ass and curves, and naked legs with (fuck shoes), I mean high
heels.
They are everywhere!
I’ll forget the next woman I see in street in seconds!
But I haven’t even started….
Our world is stress and ﬁlled with battles in working jobs, getting the next client,
hitting targets and then everything else like noise is getting our attention.
That is all I see. Noise.
Lots of noise. Everything and everyone wants attention. Everyone thinks they are
entitled for attention.
Go on facebook and damn selﬁes. Noise.
Come here, women bitching and complaining about how guys give them
attention. Noise.
Come here and women complaining why guys can’t read signals. Noise.
Walk in street and cars, billboards, crowds of people and lots of women, sexy
women, extremely attractive women to sales reps and everything else…noise.
If that’s not enough, when you do approach women you’re attracted to, they don’t
make it any easier. They are too slow. They are not direct enough about their
desires.
It’s like an obstacle course.
I mean, you show intent to women and what do they do?
Christ! Most just don’t show intent back and so, we cannot move forward fast
enough. That’s even when interested. They are still wearing the social mask. So
the Modern Man sees this as just too much of a hassle.
Dating today is a pain in the ass.
It’s a hassle.

There are more exciting things to do than going through the boring, tedious
process of reading hints and THEN…going through some process social norms
dictates that bores us to not even bother.
You going against all this noise is insigniﬁcant when I am busy getting from one
place to another, or drinking coﬀee and I am getting text left right and centre
from women who SHOW INTENT not signals.
Then when women get the attention…they…don’t know what to do with it.
Hint - tell me you want to fuck my brains out because if you cannot even let a
man know how you can deal better than the other women out there, he will for
sure, already be screening out 10 women.
The way you are screen 10 men and pretending you only got eyes for him.
So women who hint and give signals are not important to me.
They are weak.
They are waste of my time and I love myself far too much to waste a second on a
woman who cannot be direct in a feminine way, appealing way and blatant way to
let me know the reason why I should FORGET the next woman I approach
because with her, it is on right now.
Women who give hints?
They are…the LAST on my list.
I advise every man to put such women last on their list.
That’s right.
Ignore them.
They are part of the noise because Noise only wants attention and if it wants my
attention it better tell me directly what it wants and do it in an appealing manner
because I am busy, I got goals, dreams. purpose and a lot going on.
In other words..
1. Women who give hints are unimportant to me and they need too much
time. I am a direct man. I like a woman to say she desires me and wants
to fuck my brains out than all the hints and social mask she wears to
“protect her sexual reputation and image…”
All the pretences is just exhuasting when we can cut to the chase. In fact,
I ﬁnd most women cannot handle a man who shows he desires them.
They are too insecure and in doubt and even a compliment just on their
personality triggers their wall up to the sky. It’s just too much hard work.
That’s what we know about women who give hints. They are too…
much…hard work and they think hard work makes them valuable when
it doesn’t. That’s a myth. A fallacy promoted in mainstream and books
by women on dating, and friends, and mummy and let’s not forget daddy
who vomit all kinds of fear about…men. Yet, he pulled all the stops when
he he pursued her mum.
2. Women who are direct are far more valuable, courageous and secure
enough to tell me what they want, how they want it and they want it…
right now! They reveal they have a healthy conﬁdent attitude to life and
comfortable with their own skin.
They make it so much easier, fun, romantic, exciting and most of all,

they know men are not looking for just “one thing.” They know men want
attention too, emotional connection, a woman that says she desires him,
want him, and can fuck his brains out better than any woman out here.
Makes her valuable than any woman out there who give hints and are too
much hassle.
Why will I spend time giving attention to a woman who is spoilt with attention
when I can CHOOSE?
That’s right. I can choose who to approach.
I don’t have to spend a second reading some hint.
Why would I even bother looking at hints when I can choose women and
approach them immediately to ﬁnd out if it’s a FUCK YES or FUCK NO?
Under a minute I can ﬁnd out the answer.
I’m the modern man.
The Masculine man who doesn’t sit around being pretty, feminine, looking for
hints like some guy who is passive.
I can see a woman I am attracted to and approach.
I can say to a woman online I desire her and in seconds know she does or doesn’t.
It’s easier. It’s less hassle and it’s faster.
I don’t need to spend mind power overthinking if your hints is for attention,
releasing anxiety or to get yourself turned on to go back to your husband,
boyfriend and ride him.
Nor wonder if you want emotional support.
I can cut to the chase so fast that I would have approached 20 women rather than
trying to ﬁgure out if you’re into me or not.
I would have talked to more than 50 women in a month and even more online,
and screen them out so fast you won’t believe.
That’s technology.
Why bother when we got Tinder, dating apps and I got tons of women sending me
messages online?
Why bother when we can see a woman and approach immediately without
looking for hints.
Times have changed.
You give hints now, you ﬁnd yourself aged 40 and wondering how did life pass
you by and you’re still alone.
Take a look on quora how many women in their 40’s single and saying how
wonderful it is but then..
“OOh how I remember this guy…”
Then complain how so many guys send unsolicited messages. You’re used to the
attention to such a level now that you don’t value it. You are sick of it. You don’t
even give a damn because for you to get attention is easy.
So damn easy for you. Just bang a photo of you and away you go. You’ll have
many guys sending you messages.
Not once did I send a message. Not once but I do get women sending me
messages. That’s also how easy now it is for men who know how to demonstrate

value and get you coming to us.
Table has turned and you don’t even realise it.
You’re not living in times where Kings and Emperors ruled with brute force in the
streets for women to give hints in courts of noble men and women. Those days
are gone and you are still living in the dark ages.
This is the era of Modern Man not passive men.
Passive men will watch you give hints all day and won’t approach but Modern
man, the Masculine won’t even notice you because his eyes in front towards the
future, and if he sees a woman he desires, he will instantly as I do, approach and
start a conversation.
The days of hints are over if you want a man of value or you can tend to the
Passive Man to go home empty handed.
Sure, you will get attention.
You just need ass and tits to get a man’s attention but then what?
You know how hard it is now to even get to base 1 and forget that. Getting it to a
relationship that is strong is hard enough.
You know how hard it is to be with a man in relationship that spans more than a
year and it is rocking?
Some don’t last a year, ﬁve months and some not even a week.
You be lucky to get to date 3 for it to lead anywhere with that attitude.
You’d drive a man crazy because you be doing hints even when dating and being
all passive like it’s 1950’s. A woman who is all into the hint stuﬀ is a woman to
personally avoid because it’s just too much hassle.
Life is already busy, crazy, hard and last thing a man who is decisive and direct is
a woman who is into all the old age hints stuﬀ.
You know how hard to get a man who is direct? A man who speaks his desires to
you directly? Who is exciting, adventurous, got a lot going for him?
You know. You have already dating boring passive men who cannot even satisfy
you emotionally. He wooed you and he pursued but moment such a man got you,
meh, he was cold.
That’s what you get from a man who looks for hints. Passive, weak, lacks
masculinity and a push over to such even in bed, you’d forget in an instant when
you’re done.
You can pull the wool on most guys on how exciting your life is but we know,
millions of romance novels being sold and 50 shades bought to become number
one best seller because of…women! They bought it.
That is telling. That even a woman’s fantasies cannot be satisﬁed by Passive men
and that’s when you get if you use hints.
It’s not that we don’t get hints.
Hint….
We got technology, bars, night clubs, social events, dating websites, apps and we
can approach tons of women in a matter of an hour…options!
Hell, I get tons of messages from women on Quora and you’re asking about hints.
Let’s see…

1. Tons of messages on apps, private messages, lots of social events where
sexually conﬁdent women are direct in an appealing feminine way/and
we can also approach women we feel attracted to without looking for
hints.
2. Or women who give hints and for all I know, she’s ﬂirting just for
attention, maybe boredom, for ego, or wants a man. Too much thinking
for me. Too much brain power.
I’d take number one any day.
Less hassle and we get to the point a lot faster.
Welcome to 21st century ladies. The days where you choose and all that “preselection” is done and dusted.
That is for a man who isn’t passive-aggressive.
11.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Aldo Quipuzcoa

Do guys like it if women show their vulnerable sides?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t speak for other men but for me, showing vulnerability is very attractive
and unfortunately, most women don’t show it enough or show it when it’s far too
late. By the time most show it, man is exhuasted in trying anymore to move on to
someone who is much more conﬁdent in themselves and in their desire for him.
The reason why most women don’t show vulnerability is understandable but it’s
not something needs to really take on like he’s a therapist.
Most women have already found themselves rejected by someone they thought
would be with them a lot longer. Others fear not just rejection but the pain of
abandonment and fear of loneliness.
The sad part of it is a guy that can bring excitement, adventure, romance,
tenderness and more is sometimes for such women as something too good to be
true. I get it all time and I can’t be assed with it. Even a compliment that is
genuine is seen as something to judge or giving time to woman because she
wonders why would such a guy do so etc cetre.
But showing vulnerability is attractive to me not just in directly revealing her
desires to me, not just being open in how we converse when we communicate but
also being emotionally naked tells me something much more.,,,
It is irrestible to me.
You won’t believe how I have walked away from extremely attractive women for a
woman who is average looking because she shows vulnerability. I mean in
everyway that other women don’t do.
It is irresitible and very attractive:
1. She tells me directly she desires me
2. She tells me directly how she wants to satisfy and pleasure me
3. She tells me with such sexual conﬁdence and in such detail that most
women will take a life time to build that kind of conﬁdence to say what
she says.
4. She continues to tell me she desires me
5. She shares her fears, her concerns and I empathise with them and also
ﬁnd her sharing them makes the bond between us stronger

Most women won’t do that and just keep hiding their intent, talk like some third
party, not speaking to me directly in saying they feel such and such for me.
It tells me nothing more than a woman is not certain of her desires for me, that
she is hesitent, has doubt, scared, unwilling to let go, doesn’t trust me and that
does nothing but push a man away.
Vulnerability - the heart cannot resist it because when a woman is vulnerable it
unlocks intimacy.
It also unlocks a man’s deep instinct of protection and it creates a safe place for
him to let his guard down.
If a woman cannot be open with her desires to the man she is attracted to then
unfortunately attraction can quickly dissappear as fast as it appeared because
this is part of building block for strengthen attraction
Once a man feels safe and secure, knowing full well she desires him the way he
desires her, openning up sexually in words as well as emotionally, he can’t help
but to be drawn to her and the walls go down from his heart.
Yes, there is a risk in putting one’s heart out there in the ﬁring line but for me,
when I do it, it is worth the risk.
I’m a man who is direct to women I am attracted to because it’s faster to just say
how you feel and you desire the woman, and it ends when she recipocrates to
lead to intimacy, which men crave for.
The myths that men only care about one thing is but that - a myth.
Men crave for intimacy, emotional connection, for a woman he is attracted to…to
show her desire for him, to open up to him, to reveal herself to him as he does
with her.
If it’s only one way, and it if it’s not as direct as he is with her, it can push a man
away. It turns him oﬀ.
Being vulnerable isn’t a weakness.
Most people associate it with being weak but for me, it is a woman who shows a
great amount of courage.
I know most women have already dated men, been in relationship, probably
heard what I have said already, but that’s those men and for one to project past
negative experience on others I feel is a mistake most women do.
When a woman is emotionally ‘naked,’ she is taking oﬀ her social mask she wears
for the world out there, the Masculine world and I don’t want Masculine but
feminine.
She is letting go of the pretence and revealing her true nature to me, her desires,
her utmost fanasties, her nakedness, everything and also her imperfections rather thantrying to be something she is not to impress me.
It means she has accepted herself completely on who she is and all her
imperfections and also her inner beauty, in and out.
She is brave enough to share her true feelings to me, even…when we all know
there is no guarantee because you can do that to someone who either takes
advantage or doesn’t recipocrate the same feelings or more.
She has accepted the fact as I have, that other people have the right to choose not
to meet our desires, our needs and wants and sometimes ﬁnd a high risk or
potential in getting hurt but at the same time…I realise and see her courage.

I believe it is necessary to show vulnerability and most women get so hung up on
their looks, their ass, tits, face, make up and all that, and don’t realise showing
vulnerability is irresistible. It is also a skill when you know how and it is a turn on
for me, it is arousing, it builds his conﬁdence, it reveals clarity to him and
unfortunately clarity is something most women do not bring.
They bring confusion.
They bring doubt.
They behave in a manner of uncertainty.
Hence, how can a man who desires her when she shows uncertainy, and does not
recipocrate in the same manner, in same speech, similar words and behaviour
that is clear to him, on why he should choose to invest more time with her?
You can accept the fact that other people have every right to choose not to meet
your needs, and sometimes getting hurt is a potential risk.
At the same time, you realize that being vulnerable is a necessary part of falling
in love and being loved back. You can invest in a relationship, even when you
know that it may not work out.
Vulnerability is driven by bravery, courage, self-love and inner strength while
neediness comes from fear based.
The fear of being rejected.
It’s why the necessary questions that need to be asked are never asked until it is
far too late. Questions such as the most basic regarding sex are not discussed to
ﬁnd later on, the woman is not high sexual or doesn’t even want sex because she
now says she’s asexual. To questions on boundaries, values, what they both want
from a relationship and the type of relationship.
Far too much pretence and not enough of just letting go to reveal one self
completely.
Vulnerability is not a weakness. It is courage.
Being direct in showing intent to a woman is not neediness but courage.
Unfortunately, most lack courage and hide their intent and desires for each other
then wonder why there is confusion.
The confusion is partly due to lack of openeness because both still wear their
social mask. They are worried what the other person might think of them or
fearing of being rejected or abandoned if a relationship does happen.
29.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the ﬁrst thing that comes to mind when you think of
music?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Freedom.
Music always makes me think of freedom.
I’v always loved music and so I love dancing two types of music. The ﬁrst type is
dance music, where you just let yourself go but with someone you desire,
attracted to. I like dancing with someone I’m into..
This type of music..

The second type of music is where I love dancing close and you don’t have to say
anything. You’re tenderness and physical contact, eye contact, moving together
and each other’s rhythm ﬂow as one and you feel free…

So freedom is the ﬁrst thing that comes to my mind.
Freedom from social norms, the mind games and ﬂow ﬁnally within the truth. No
more wearing social masks, no more hints, no pretending and you let go, let it
happen in being yourself with someone special.
1k Views · View Upvoters

If I were an alien seeking to destroy humankind, what advice
would you give regarding human weaknesses I could exploit?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - So you want to do what?
Alien - destroy humankind. Exploit their weakness
Me - Meh. You don’t need to do any of that
Alien - So you have a better idea?
Me - Yes. Just bide your time. They are doing a good job of it themselves. You
know, greed, war, and…hold on..let me show you…
I switch on TV…..
Alien - HOLY SHIT! You’re right!
Me - Now, let’s check some places up there and by time we get back, 90% of job
will be done for you.
Alien - How about visiting another dimension?
Me - Sounds good :)
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I comment on a beautiful women Facebook
photo?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing that most guys do who become categorised as some nice guy. I
personally don’t comment on women’s photos but if I did..
“Your proﬁle picture gave me a craving to make pancakes and watch gremlins.
You’re only allowed to take this as a compliment…”
So be diﬀerent not kissing her ass as she gets lots of that from many guys anyway
and she doesn’t know you anyway.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get a woman to speak her mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For every question a man and a woman ask what they can do to get each other to
do something, it is a question that comes from lack of conﬁdence.
All questions, all that are asked on Quora about “getting” someoneone to do
something is all coming from wearing a social mask.
You expect a woman to speak her mind and yet you don’t speak your mind with
her. In speaking your mind you let her know she can cross that line because you
are without this need for her to give you some response or validation.
Now don’t think all women are conﬁdent in themselves to speak their mind. Most
for me, seem boring in that they have this tedious way of subtle hints, and do not
speak the way I do in a direct manner.
Still, I am not going to change.
I am direct. I do speak in an open manner including about sex, about me desiring
the woman, and some who all for this “honesty,” rarely can take it and are
insecure, probably experienced some negative experience to open up but thats
not my problem.
I don’t project my past experiences on women in present day but that’s because I
take past events as lessons rather than fears to hide my feelings, desires and what
I feel for a woman I am speaking or writing to.
If you want a woman to speak her mind than your best chance as a man is you
must be conﬁdent to speak your mind ﬁrst.
So here’s the questions..
1. Why don’t men speak their mind and say to a woman they desire
her?
Because they are far too busy putting her on a pedestal and fearing of
losing her. That is after all why man asks women about dating when
women themselves cannot give you an answer on approaching men due
to the almost all women use subcommunication to protect their sexual
reputation and image. They use hints, imply etc.
2. Why don’t women speak their mind and say to a man they desire
him?
Because she fears being labeled as slut, whore, too easy and so, she is
socially conditioned to behave passive-aggressive rather seeing these
labels as nothing more but to make her feel reserved, feel guilt, feel
shame for what is the most natural thing in the world.

So what do you do to create a solution?
1. Make sure you ﬁrst show intent with woman you are attracted to
ﬁrst. That is a must and necessary because most women wear social
mask. Don’t believe fuck all they say until they behave in a manner to
show intent with you.
Don’t assume a damn thing and don’t believe anything until they
behave, take action and speak they desire you to or everything they do or
say is full of shit.
Most wont because they are either insecure, don’t believe good can come
to them or they are not interested in you in that way. They’d dissappear
moment you show intent. Or they’d dilly dally all day long with hints.
You then decide if you want to spend time with such women who do not
speak with…certain.
2. Lead don’t wait for her to make decisions or moves.
Don’t behave passive to make her feel you is some potential boyfriend. I
don’t because I don’t want some boring woman who lives in the dark
ages, thinks being fun, playful, ﬂirty, sexually aggressive as some guy
who is a player but she gets with the dam program that this is how a man
shows his intent with her even more.
3. Speak on issues so she knows it’s ok for her to do so with you.
In other words, don’t expect her to speak freely about sex, about her
feelings, if you are passive and got her on a pedestal, fearing losing her.
LOSE HER if that is the case for being yourself. You can’t hide your
feelings, your desire, what turns you on and if she wants to judge, ﬁne.
Let her walk away. She doesn’t get it. It’s meant to be.
I speak about sex openly, I speak about it playful, I speak about these and
I don’t worry about whether she gets oﬀended or this or that. I am saying
to a woman, that I am conﬁdent in these matters and so she can too. I am
open to speak on these matters and have done so ﬁrst, so she can’t now
think she’d be judged. I made that ﬁrst step.
You can’t expect someone else to be open on these issues if you are
closed up about them but you also cannot control if women get oﬀended,
insecure or not.
Forget being a pleaser and be a man who just let go of the control
because people come with perceptions anyway.
When you speak it often she will have two decisions to make..
1. The social construct perception.
She will perceive you as some player, bad boy, blah blah fucking blah.
Good riddance to her. She can go back to the boring shit and tedious
environment and men who kiss her ass.
2. She gets it with it rather than labeling you.
She ﬁnds it refreshing that she is with someone direct and speaks his
mind in a fun way. She becomes comfortable slowly in knowing she can
speak on issues like these and more without the fear of being judged,
label and you…never break this trust.
Never judge her. Never make her feel bad about her letting go of the fears
she carries when she meets relatives, friends, co-workers, for her to
reveal her utmost deepest desires.

Celebrate her freedom to express her sexuality rather than judge her.
Celebrate her courage rather than be disgusted because you come from
some culture that conditioned you to see something in a certain way.
When I want a woman to open her mind about sex, I speak sex myself.
If I want her to open about any subject, I will lead and show how she can be so
with me and she cannot top me in embarassing me with anything about sex,
about pussy, ass, tits, sex positions and about anything.
I’m sorry, but if a woman I am attracted to cannot speak about such things openly
after we have gone past comfort stage, there is no point even me wanting to go
further with her.
That needs a man who detaches from desiring this hunger for validation from
women. Validation meaning you fear losing her.
It’s not “how do I get a woman to speak her mind.”
It’s about you leading as a man and not worry of losing a woman.
When you remove this, you will ﬁnd women who do speak their mind but also…
women who will be oﬀended, or judge you or whatever.
It’s rarely ever about the outside world but rather you’re own reality.
Is your reality bigger than out there?
Or is your reality smaller… where you always trying to work so hard to be in her
reality, when there are many women on this planet who would love to speak their
mind with you?
3.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jason Gardner

My boyfriend always texts to ask if he can call me after a
conﬂict. How can I get him to just call me without replying to
his text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s you who can’t get a hint.
He hasn’t messaged you again for the last 2 weeks. He’s moved on and thought
you’re just too much hassle.
The only hints you gave by not replying is..
1. She doesn’t care
2. She doesn’t want this relationship
3. Been 2 weeks. Ok. Find a new girlfriend.
You get the hint now?
12k Views · View Upvoters

If I attract not-so-attractive guys, does that mean that I'm not
attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re attractive?
Well, I know many who think they are attractive but they are not to a lot of
people. Even then, they just do sod all but do all that hint crap then bitch about
how others get girls and guys blah blah.

Then I know many who think they are not attractive but dating attractive people
for a very good reason.
They don’t wait for other people to approach them.
They went out of their comfort zone and went out socialising, building a bigger
social circle doing the things they love doing and when they saw someone they
liked…they approached.
I know many attractive women, sitting on their asses and most guys won’t
approach them because that’s all they do. Nothing.
Then you get the not so attractive women, and they do project attractive
behaviour like smiling, saying hello, conversing, and they get tons of guys
wanting to date them.
It’s the same old pattern.
If you are in comfort zone, you’re resources will be limited that it makes what is
hard very diﬃcult. You’re skills will also be dire.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do for women to notice me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Too many times I make my move without any outcome”
And that’s why you screw up all the time.
Look what you’re asking and you see where you screwed up BIG TIME and
women, they saw you coming so hard with your insecurities, it was a MASSIVE
alarm ringing inside of them….
“I'm talking about catching her eye before I even make my move..”
Picture this for a moment. Women, who have developed subcommunication to a
high level, they can pick up your vibe from yards away.
For women, it is the surprise, the conﬁdence meaning…he shows intent without
hesitation but you…you hesitate and they FEEL it.
You over think far too much to get their validation.
A response.
That response is fear based. The feminine, that does not take risks when
approaching a man, but shows hints and signals. You are a Man and a Man takes
risks. He doesn’t hesitate. He doesn’t wait. He doesn’t need her to wave a ﬂag to
say..
“Hey I noticed you.”
That is you making her reality bigger than yours.
To desire to control which is incontrollable. Women notice a lot more than men
think. Men think like this..
1. My looks.
2. My face
3. My height
4. My dick size
Women look at this..

1. How…he makes me feel?
Now ask what does hesitent make any woman feel?
In fact, ask any person what does a hesitent person mean to them in decision
making with anything?
Ask a manager on an interview panel what a person who is getting interviewed
but is hesitent to answer the question mean to him/her?
Ask a CEO?
Ask anyone.
He is a man who is..
Hiding something
With-holding information
Unauthentic
Uncertain
Diﬃcult to trust
That’s the perception hestency projects.
Body lanuage.
Subcommunication.
A woman can see that long before a man approaches.
When you approach you project…. you don’t know you’re a MAN and MAN to
women is not the same as what most men think. It is a Man who knows what he
wants and..knows…how to get what he wants.
What does that mean?
It means, a man who knows how to make a woman feel safe, secure, comfortable
but at the same time, excited, her pussy wet, her whole body feeling you, to such
she imagines how such a man will satisfy her physically and emotionally.
You can’t create that with being hesitent.
A man who is hesitent, waiting, trying to catch her attention is a man who doesn’t
know where he is going, a man of uncertainty, a man who lacks resources, a man
who hasn’t women pursuing him, a man without options, a man who is scared,
intimidated and is banking so hard…on…the outcome on one woman at that
particular time to say…YES!
You are all about attaching to the outcome.
A Masculine man is not about the outcome but about the value he brings to the
table. He is a man who takes..risks with knowledge she will say yes or no and
when she says no, he is smiling and has balls to walk away.
The outcome for him does not exist.
It cannot because if I depend on outcome, then I will always be careful on what to
say, how to behave, worry if I oﬀend or not polite enough.
I will be walking on eggshells like most weak men.
You are all about attached to the outcome…
“Got to get this woman to give me the number and then lead to date..” << outcome.

When you do it is desperate and you also never build a connection with the
woman. You think you are but that’s all an act she is putting on to get rid of you.
She’s already made her mind up before you even approached.
Each woman, oﬄine or Tinder have noticed you and categorised you very fast.
They see this…
A man who seeks their attention rather approaching to qualify them. A man who
comes to take than bring value.
It is a man who has already shown his own insecurities by his hesistency. You
don’t even know the woman and you already approaching in a manner…that…she
is the one.
They all feel that when you approach.
AND Tinder, Christ!
If this is how you approached oﬄine with women, then this insecurity is heighten
100 times fold online, on apps and is acceleterated in speed you would not
believe, and will turn women oﬀ immediately!
You have from day one, approached women with this mentality of being so…
hung…up on the outcome than learning.
That every woman got to say yes.
That every woman got to give you a phone number.
That every woman text back.
That every woman picks phone up.
That every woman must be a date.
That every woman is…sex.
That every woman is…the one.
That’s a lot of pressure on you. Lots of pressure and I can imagine the shit vibe it
brings when you approach.
You’d be so hung up on the outcome, you’d be so careful what to do, how to
approach, what to say, and on and on it goes. It won’t bring any value but rather it
be dull, boring and same old story women have experienced, heard and seen
within their lives.
It’s done, it’s dead, before you even start.
It’s tedious.
One of the ﬁrst lessons you ever learn if you want to succeed in this is…detach
from the outcome.
This is called I.O
Being independent from the outcome and when women feel it, you can forget
anything happening. They smell from just the way you behave.
After all, we behave by how we think, don’t we, and since you are so focused so
desperately on the outcome rather than bringing value, rich experience, making
her imagine how being with you is going to be one helluva and amazing
experience, she FEELS desperation, neediness and a burden in the future.
She doesn’t FEEL excitement and this desire to know more about you.

But when you detach from the outcome, watch how suddenly everything
changes.
Imagine, just approaching a woman without wanting a yes. Just forget even
asking her out and approach to make her feel alive and not give a shit about
whether you get a number or not.
I mean, be sexually conﬁdent for the laugh of it and not give a shit if she gets all
up her ass pretending she is this or that.
Having the balls to walk away and not even asking her out no matter how
gorgeous she looks because you can approach a ton of other women, so you get
good just at doing this ﬁrst……detaching from the outcome.
Moment you feel that power, is the moment women feel it from you too.
At this moment, you are too attached to the outcome.
In your own words…
“Too many times I make my move without any outcome”
They already know, it’s just you don’t understand how women work. They already
dealt the cards, categeorised you, judged you, labeled you, put you in a small box
as the guy to say no to BEFORE you approached due to your own hesitency and…
it became even moreso due to your vibe when you approached.
They see you coming. They see and feel the vibe already. You are in their radar
and they pretend you are not.
They have already noticed you.
They are alert. The brain is so with all of us but we just…pretend…we…don’t…
notice people around us.
It is our….survival basic instinct.
You’d have known that if you studied basic human psychology and realised,
women already notice you and just because they don’t show it, don’t look, don’t
smile, doesn’t mean they don’t…notice.
They noticed you.
That’s…their…secret weapon >>> pretending not notice you ;)
It’s a show mate. A way of protecting….their…sexual…reputation. They pretend
they don’t notice you. It is a way of showing “high value status.”
Yes, it is bullshit but if you understand the world women live in, you’d know they
do that because they are so fucking terriﬁed of men as well as women, as well as
their friends, as well as society, to think they are sluts, whores, TOO EASY…which
we know is a load of bollocks.
We know this is all inventions to socially control women and in doing so, you
control men, well, weak men.
Strong men approach without hesitency, playfully, showing intent and they don’t
attach to the outcome because no woman is special, unique, until she behaves as
such by showing interest back, and by following through all the way.
Such men know to never blame apps, women, or anything external but rather
look within themselves on how to better themselves, their approaches, the way
they do things as this is all they got to control - the learning, the experience and
just getting better at what they do.

Detach from the outcome and approach without this need for results and more in
the mode of learning.
With this understanding, maybe it gives you a “AHA!” moment that propels you
forward. Maybe it reveals something you missed and it gets you excited to now let
go and just…have…fun with it.
Women, they notice you from a mile oﬀ.
They just cannot blatantly show it.
Make it easier for them to do so.
Learn how to do that and watch what happens.
Don’t make it diﬃcult for them by trying to get them to show it in front of
everyone, because there are dynamics at play and rules of conduct, and fears you
need to consider as you approach.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Cristi Serban

My girlfriend is going out with a male friend of hers for two
days on a small vacation. It is just the two of them and there
will be drinking. Should I be worried?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 4, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For her to tell you nothing is going to happen, shows how she knows she is
putting herself in this situation..and is going against boundaries of the
relationship between you and her. She knows exactly why she is doing it and
planned it in her mind already.
Since you probably been passive early on and through the relationship she has
categorised in her mind she can.
Women don't say things like that to man who isn't a push over and has the balls to
walk. She doesn't see you as that man.
I am not monogamous but if I was she be dumped there and then for even
suggesting this. She would know the line to not step over as I would with her..if I
am in a monogamous relationship.
If this is a monogamous relationship then there is no respect from her to you and
you seem to have left respect and your balls way before you met her or she would
know your not the type of man to have the nerve to say this to you.
Yes, I don't own her but that's it is not some fucked up clause to push it and she is
for his dick. Yes that's what it is.
Let's call it for what it is.
Why sugar coat it.
For her to even suggest this with you tells me she has tested your state of frame
before and so she knew she could and you still be standing with her and calling
her your girlfriend.
You must be some passive guy, nice guy, push over because if you weren't, she
had known the boundaries and that means you never established one because
you are here asking people about the boundaries. That's what this is.
I am surprised you even consider her as a girlfriend or at least had the balls to say
“fuck no.”
You didn't due to fear of losing her.

You lost her long ago for her to even think she can say that shit to you.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Scott

I don’t know how to start a romantic relationship, I'm 31 is this
normal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 1, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is normal and what isn’t? It’s just perception.
But now I need say something else and it may seem harsh but believe me, nature
is a lot harder and tougher than what I’ll ever say.
Is it normal to do nothing, make excuses, sitting one’s ass and expect to suddenly
be in are relationship? No.
Is it normal to keep saying to one self that they got all the time in the world and
when they have done a degree, done studied, done working for 40 years of their
life, they’d ﬁnd themselves in a relationship like it’s a piece of cake? No.
Is it normal to avoid investing in social skills, commnication skills, approaching
and getting good at it, learning diﬀerent skills for dating and relationships and
expect to be in relationship? No, it’s not.
You don’t know how to start a romantic relationship?
You had years to learn and now, if you want to learn, do what the rest of us did.
We got oﬀ our asses and learnt. The world is your resources, you had the same
access as everyone else.
You just didn’t think it was that important.
Well now you undersand what I have been saying…
People do not miss opportunity. They just don’t prepare well enough when it
appears. Forget romantic relationships.
You got work to do in ﬁrst getting to socialise, do what you didn't put time in
doing. Your resources, experience and skill will hinder you and frustrate you for a
while but that's due to your choices you made. You need to keep socialising and
get good at attracting those interested to meet and date.
Walk before you can run.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

My ex boyfriend has a new girlfriend but however is still drunk
calling me and meeting up with me where we sleep together.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I see. You’re doing what most women do. No, I’m not talking about sex. I’m not
ashamed or have any guilt regarding sex but you do because the way you phrased
this question.
…however is still drunk calling me…meeting up with me…”
Hold on a minute. Let’s back up.
The way you need to rephrase is like this..
“My ex boyfriend has a new girlfriend but when he calls me I PICK UP. I haven’t
blocked his number.. By my own choice I let him back into my life, and we have sex.”
Take responsibility for your sexuality.

Look. I have no guilt or shame about sex. It doesn’t bother me if a woman gets
naked with me on ﬁrst date and we have sex. That’s right. I don’t give a damn
about such silliness society has on sex but what bothers me is when women do
not take responsibilty for their own sexuality.
You already know what to do.
It has nothing to do with him being drunk and him calling.
You can say no.
You can block his number
You can move on.
Don’t blame this on sex and drinking. I had enough of women blaming sex,
drinking, this and that but never taking responsibility for their own decisions.
You know what to do.
Take responsibility for your sexuality.
811 Views · View Upvoters

Why is life so unfair?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Updated Apr 6, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As I walked through Disney in Paris in a cold afternoon, there is a statue standing
in the middle of it all…

It took me 25 years to get to this very place because the system didn’t recognise
that I even existed due to many complications that happened long before I was
born, and when I was a child.
That’s for another story that is diﬃcult for most to believe but then again, most
people only know the life that is within their own environment…
Adam Taha's answer to What is a true personal story that people have a hard time
believing?
Disney established his ﬁrst animation company in 1921 but he was forced to
dissolve his company because he couldn’t pay his rent and was surviving by
eating dog food. The work he did was to pay him 6 months after he did the work.
He created a cartoon in 1926 called Oswald the Rabbit but when he tried to
negotiate with the distributor, Universal Studios, for better rates for each cartoon,
the studio did a bitch move. They obtained ownership of his character and hired
his artist right from under him.
When he tried to distribute his Mickey Mouse he was told his idea wouldn’t work
and this giant mouse you know as Mickey Mouse would scare women.
His other works like the Little Three Pigs was also rejected.
Snow white and Seven Dwarfs was only previewd to college students who left half
way during the movie, which left Walt Disney in utter dispair. The students left
early because of the early dorm curfew .
I could go on and on about how life was unfair to him but you see…life was not
unfair to him if we understand this one thing…
Nature doesn’t care about fair or unfair.
Nature only cares about reproducrion and propagation.

Nothing else and nothing more.
It doesn’t care about man or woman’s happiness. It doesn’t care who is rich and
who is poor. It doesn’t care if you are starving or had your full.
It is nature. It’s life.
What people see as fair and unfair is a misunderstanding between choice and
entitlement.
You live in a world where other human beings live in.
And every human being has what we call a….choice.
When people talk about unfair and fair, they usually do so to compare themselves
with other people, and not really about life because we all know life isn’t thinking
what’s fair and unfair for us human beings.
Fair isn’t about what others do.
Fair isn’t about what Nature does.
Fair isn’t about what life does.
Fair is a choice and it is something which you have direct control over because it
involves you interacting with other people.
Understanding this basic fundemental process in human interaction, we see how
people behave in a manner of transaction.
Mutual beneﬁt.
It’s basic Psychology.
You got what they need, and they got what you need, and they consent and you
consent to supply to each other.
However, entitlement happens when you perceive yourself as somehow
connected to someone who you do not have a transaction with and you then
compare and complain that life isn’t fair.
The way most women and men say….
1. Women date only assholes, players, not the good guys << Entitlement
2. Men only date bad girls <<< Entitlement.
But what they don’t understand is if you want life to be fair, you make it fair. If
you want happiness, you go and make yourself happy.
You do something about it to make it fair. You learn, invest in knowledge skill and
become better at how you interact with other human beings.
You become better at how to also screen out some human beings who will waste
your time and who manipulate and play games.
Fairness is something which you have direct control because it involves an
interaction in which you are a participant.
So the ﬁrst steps is this..
1. Let go of the entitlement. You’re not going to get a yes from everyone.
You’re not going to always meet the good because people you will meet
also have a choice to be fair or not.
2. Demanding doesn’t get you far in life but pushes people away
3. Behaving and talking like a victim closes the door for help or support. No
one wants to help someone who emotionally drains them.

4. Focus your time in investing in yourself and your strengths so you could
be better at doing great work and treating people around you fairly. That,
after all your choice and how you make it fair for you.
You learn to reproduce and propagate because if you want life to take notice, that
is all it gives damn about.
So learn the skills to build resources, social network with people who respect your
talent, time and skill without comparing yourself to others.
Treat others around you fairly and those who don’t in return by leaving them
where they stand to continue to choose to make it fair for you.
They are not entitled and nor are you obligated to be treated like shit either by
anyone.
Fair? It is a choice.
How you excercise it is up to you.
But know the diﬀerence between choice and entitlement. Very few people do.
That’s when you’ll make way for an awesome life to come.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

I have planned a trip to Paris in December. Having read such
negative feedback online, I'm almost scared to visit. Is this the
right feeling to have?
Adam Taha, I travel to paris to work with producers for my songs often
Updated Dec 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am in Paris right now and..
1. I have never had problems with pick pockets
2. Nor problem with safety
3. Nor did I ﬁnd any hate regarding me being a tourist
4. And the people are awesome!
In fact, I just met a woman there due to going to a night club and lead to meeting
her friends and man, it is awesome!
Forget what other people say on these matters because what they experience
doesn’t mean you will.
Stop following the damn crowd and go and experience life, and see Paris.
One person says it’s shit and other says it’s awesome. Life depends on people’s
own attitude, how they behave, the situation of thing and whole lot of stuﬀ you
cannot base your success or failures on.
I have been to Paris 5 times now and it’s brillaint!
It’s been awesome experience.
Stop ﬁlling your head with other people’s experience and go and live.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend tells me all the things she doesn't like about
herself. When I oﬀer solutions she thinks I'm trying to change
her. How do I help her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is not just about men who can’t listen and give solutions. This is relationship
management and both, you and her need help in knowing how to communicate
with each other.
Far too many times we hear men don’t listen but women too do not provide
solutions that works well for relationship as well.
So forget who is wrong here and who is right.
Let’s look at the solution…
1. First come to an understanding about how both of you like to
communicate for diﬀerent situations. We’re going to only look at
this situation regarding sharing problems…
For example, when my lovers talk about about problems we have an
understanding. That there are times when they share or when I share
something, but we don’t want solutions.
So in the beginning before we share, we say..
“Something I need to yalk about but I don’t want a solution love. I just need
to get it out of my system and talk..”
As you can see, this is lack of understanding about relationship
management. People just not equipped with skills to help them in
relationships. Get to know each other well and right now both of you
don’t know each other that well to behave maturely to come up with a
solution that works for both of you.
2. When your girlfriend shares about herself negatively, you can say…
“Are you sharing because you want a solution or you just want me to listen,
eith way I’d love too. I want to know what you’re feeling?”
That’s something else I do too and there’s nothing wrong with asking.
This is about helping each other, enriching each other and to do that you
need to understand each others emotional language.
You have a diﬀerent love language and she has a diﬀerent love language.
Learn about each other to make it easier on yourself.
3. Expand the conversation…(Listening)
When she has shared, expand it by asking her to share more about the
problem. She will share more and then more she talks knowing she won’t
get interrupted…it makes her feel good inside.
It releases stress and anxiety.
Maybe at work she can’t do this but with you, she can.
Maybe with friends she can’t but with you, she can.
So get her talking more.
4. If she doesn’t want solution…..(Empathy)
End it with…
“You know, listening to all you shared, you’re so amazing. This is why I love

you. You’re…”
Mention her traites, her ﬁghting spirit, her openess, her loving to share
her thoughts openly, her courage, how she’s amazing. The stuﬀ you
found in her story, the positive traites she revealed in her story about
herself instead of giving solutions.
.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Scott

How do I get the girl who dates for ﬂings to settle down?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t.
Do you know how frustrating it is for a man who attracts women that see him as a
lover, excitement, adventuerous, sexuallly conﬁdent, experienced to have women
trying to change him?
It’s annoying as hell.
I wish such women just fucking stay well away from me and stay where they are,
in social norms, and all their Disney fantasy way of life.
They come ﬁrst with wearing their social mask that they desire a man like me and
then try to change me later on….and when they realise they can’t, they create
drama.
Like their way, their relationship model, their social norm bullshit is only way
and then try to make me believe that is “normal” and I am “not normal.”
Then call men like me players and all because he isn’t going to bend to their
demands, and what they want and be some pushover passive guy. They needed to
go and date someone who is similar in values they believe in.
So forget trying to change someone.
Don’t try and change a girl and stop calling it “ﬂings,” too.
To you it’s a ﬂing but to her it is her choice.
She’s not a slut. She’s not a whore. She’s not naive. She’s living the way she wants
and men who want something diﬀerent need to stop trying and date women who
want to settle down.
Respect her choice and stay away from her if you want to settle down. She isn’t
into ﬂings. She’s into living her own life on her own terms, by her own boundaries
and it’s a ﬂing to you because that’s what you was taught and comditoned with,
Some of us see monogamous as the most unatural damn thing in world. The way
you see dating men and not hooked in a relationship model as a….ﬂing. The only
diﬀerence is I don’t try and change someone to ﬁt my lifestyle.
It’s less stressful and less drama.
Since you know this to be so, then leave her alone because moment a guy tries
that, and she doesn’t settle, they call her slut, whore when really, the guy needs to
bang his head on wall for his manipulative ways.
He needs to ﬁnd someone compatible to his values and what he desires.
She isn’t having a ﬂing. She is making a choice on how she wants to live her life at
that particular time in her life.

Respect her choice and move on dating someone who is already use to the idea of
“settling down.”
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to tell the truth to your friend when you've heard
someone say bad things about them to someone else & hurt
them or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s gossip.
Any person who goes oﬀ telling someone else what someone else said, is
someone who needs to grow the up and stop doing things for personal validation.
They are immature and needs to be busy focusing on important matters.
Like focusing on “someone” and build a meaningful relationship with them
rather than gossip.
Whether one says something bad about someone, is not here or there but what is,
is how immature someone is to run to someone like a child,
“OOoooh so, so said this about you.”
People who do that have some warped idea about how the world works and how
positive growth in relationship works.
I also won’t trust them either because they think what someone else said, bad or
not, as truth. When you share it it hurts not because of what someone else said
but because you are the bringer of bad news.
Bring positive, value than bad news.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to ask a girl you are interested in out directly by
saying "want to go on a date," or indirectly by asking her to
dinner multiple times?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d be direct because it will save you a lot of time, screen out women who are not
interested and who just seeking attention. You ﬁlter out women who just ﬂirt for
fun, out of boredom and also, signs can be erroneous.
Being passive-aggressive can only slow things down and you’ll be investing more
when you need to invest less, so if she isn’t interested, the rejection doesn’t hit
you hard if you can’t take rejection in a relaxed fashion.
I covered why men need to be direct in showing the intent:
How does a man know when a woman is interested?
More on being direct…
1. Men who are direct are less drama, no stress, no games.
Dating doesn’t need to be stressful, drama and manipulative. I like it to
be fun without stress.
When a man doesn’t show clear intent, letting the woman know he
desires her, he is confusing, he becomes unclear, he is ambigious, he
behaves feminine not Masculine and we all know women do a lot of the
bullshit hints, subtle messaging when a Masculine man is direct without
hints and subtle messaging.

For insecure women, she is intimidated by it but for conﬁdent women
who desire less stress, less drama, no games, they love such a man who is
direct and clear of his intent to them.
She doesn’t have to guess and she doesn’t step into some complicated
process. Rather the opposite happens and it is refreshing, warm, exciting
and a relief that it is easy.
Dating should be fun, not stressful.
When the man is confusing her with ambiguity, it’s complicated. It
doesn’t make the process easy. She becomes anxious instead of happy.
It’s hard to trust the ambiguous type and her conﬁdence level goes down
the longer she has to guess how he feels or deal with his indirectness.
The key is this - don’t worry about one woman being ﬂustered, put oﬀ for
you being direct. There are millions to billions of women on the planet.
There are diﬀerent types of women which is why when anyone says and
gives me opinion on how they don’t agree with me being direct, sexually
aggressive, they have no clue because I am not aiming at women they are
aiming at.
Women who say that too are not women I will date anyway. They say it
like every women is like them. No, every woman is diﬀerent and so you
don’t try to cater for every type of women.
You know what you look for in a women and you behave in certain way
whether other women or men disagree. You will attract the certain type
of woman you want and screen out women you don’t want automatically.
Direct and conﬁdent men do not ask what women think if he said this or
approached in this way, or if they like tall or short men. He is secure with
himself and understands how it is in the world to attract women who
desire him and his type of men.
So if you want a woman who is conﬁdent, who sexually conﬁdent, who is
had enough of the stress and drama of dating, who wants to get with it
and forget the social bullshit norms….then be direct.
The insecure play all those psychological games. The ones who lack
conﬁdence need those manipulating games. The ones who are clingy
and needy desire more process of playing hard to get.
You want such women, don’t be direct.
You want less drama and stress, be direct.
Being direct shows a woman that your feelings and your actions are in
sync but if they are not, it is very frustrating for many women.
Uncertainty in dating will also frustrate you and her too because both of
you are waiting for each other to make then move, to say, to do and to
lead.
It should be obvious to her what you want instead of being ambigious.
This makes her feel secure, her self esteem is not going to get hit hard,

her self esteem will skyrocket and that is really the gift of it all. That the
experience from day one helps her to grow rather than negatively hitting
her self esteem.
Unccertainty and ambigouity creates doubt on what’s going on but also
about herself.
Games, are manipulative, making someone feel insecure, devaluing the
other person to look so valuable to attract. It’s damaging when you are
uncertain and play games.
2. Direct men project conﬁdence
Conﬁdent men are sexy. It’s hard to come across men who are conﬁdent
as many men today are passive and have become indirect. I’m conﬁdent
because I am sure of myself and secure about myself.\
Secure men as women know are direct and straightforward.
But also, we are that way because we also empathise and have
compassion in knowing dating for most women and men, can be
stressful and ﬁlled with drama.
We know they may have experienced such events in their life and I don’t
want a woman to experience it with me.
I want her to know my intent right now, direct and in doing so, I am
really saying to her..
“I understand that there has many times where your self esteem been hit
because of passive-aggressive and indirect men. I don’t want you to feel
that way with me. It’s ok to be open, vulnerable, show your feelings, sexual
feelings too, your thoughts about life too and I won’t judge you.
I am not into social conditioned women but the Natural woman who is
direct too, has empathy and knows what she wants and can express it too. I
desire you, so put all your cards on table as I have or I will move on.
I move on because I am in no way going to invade your space. I have come
to show intent and if you don’t show it, it means you’re not interested and I
leave your space as fast as I appeared for your own convience, being
comfortable and secure…”
It takes a man of character to see that his directness is also a way for
women who don’t desire him to feel safe. That if she is not interested in
him he will walk away as fast as he appeared.
It takes a conﬁdent man to be direct.
It takes a man who has lived, developed himself from within and who is
self aware of himself and world around him. He’s a man who doesn’t fear
loss.
He is the man who either sweeps woman of conﬁdent oﬀ their feet or
pushes women away who don’t desire him.
He is happy either way because he has abundance mentality.
Women know what conﬁdence looks like.

Being direct are two qualities that are not seperate with conﬁdent men.
Rather these two go hand in hand and not just in dating but in
everything we do in life.
If I can put it into a sentence of the mindset it be this…
“I have the mindset and the ability to really go for what I want. If she wants
me, she will show me intent back without any games, and if she does not,
then she is but a wayfarer I have met along the way, and I bid her well, as I
move on towards my own path..”
Women love men who knows what he wants, goes for what he wants,
knows how to get what he wants, can even plan a whole evening, leads
the way so she has less stress, less drama and enjoys the experience.
Going after what you want involves you being secure in yourself. It
involves being conﬁdent, direct and passionate about it when you show
intent.
3. Being Direct Avoids Wasting Time
I’m not afraid of uncomfortable situations and conversations. I’m not
afraid to be honest about my desires with a woman and I an afraid to
sexualise, and diﬀerentiate myself from passive-aggressive men.
Direct men are always upfront and honest when we don’t feel there is a
connection. Usually when we showed intent but the woman does
something that kills attraction then it’s because…
a) She has avoided to show intent after I’ve shown it.
b) Waits too long and is ambigous
c) She continous to behave platonic after intent is shown
That can kill attraction and so I will be upfront without even saying it. I’ll
cut her oﬀ, block her on phone and all social media channels and move
on. Done. That’s all she deserves from me because of her behaviour.
If a woman shares her intent with me and I don’t feel it, I will say it
immediately. I won’t be ambigious with it but I won’t make her feel bad
about it either. I’ll try my best while being direct to not hurt her self
esteem and let her know I don’t feel the same way.
But men who are ambigious avoid being honest and they avoid showing
women who don’t behave in a manner where they need to be clear in
their intent, that they won’t tolerate such behaviour. They don’t because
they like the attention and will string women along.
Or they will let a woman behave in a manner that strings them along.
They side step conversations that need to be addressed head on while
direct conﬁdent men address such conversations immediately.
4. Direct Men Are Transparent About Their Feelings
He’s a man who is intune with being emotional and can express his
desires and his feelings to a woman without beating around the bush.
He’s the emotionally savvy type of man.
He is not afraid of the opposite reaction he might get from women. He’s
honest about his emotions, his feelings and what he is thinking.

He attracts women who are also emotionally open rather than closed oﬀ.
Being direct about his emotions shows he’s a man aware of his emotions
and can communicate even with the chance of rejection.
If rejection happens, it is a bonus but as a conﬁdent man…he knows
most women rarely say no and dance around giving bullshit stories, or
they just fade away and back to where they came from.
That’s why I’m direct with my intent to women. I attract the emotionally
open instead of the insecure, emotional baggage women, who will waste
your time and who come to do nothing but to seek attention.
10k Views · View Upvoters

Why do most guys love bitches and hate calm and shy girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no bitches and there is no calm shy girls in my books.
There is only girl who knows what she wants, and knows how to get it and girls
who know what they want but don’t know how to get what they want.
There is also guys who are weak and guys who are strong.
The weak bitch, complain and whine, to do nothing about it. The strong go out,
grow, learn, invest in knowledge, push beyond their comfort zones.

A guy who calls girls bitches is someone who has some negativity about women
and that vibe will be projected out there for any girl to run away from him. His
behaviour is toxic and insecure. Passsive.
What girl wants to date a guy who calls girls bitches and whines, complains about
the choice a girl can make to whoever she desires to date?
Guys who do that think they are entitled when girls choose whoever they want to
date and no matter whether she is this or that, it’s the girls damn business who
they date.
About time people mind their own damn business who someone dates and stop
labeling people. You don’t want to go around talking like that out there either,
because when girls hear that from a guy, they categeorise you as someone to not
date, someone weak and someone who can be emotionally draining.
Someone who can’t get what he wants in life.
Someone at a biological level cannot even get the resources he desires and
complains about his ability to do so. That’s how such guys shoot themselves in
the foot and everyone might agree with the guy but in end, no one will really help
this guy nor give a damn.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Does this girl like me at the end or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She glanced at you and…you did nothing.
The escalation window is closed for you because she has categorized you as a
friend. A platonic guy because you behaved as one when with her. You was

passive, did nothing to arouse her and turn her on and nor did you take action of
any sort but holding hands as…she…glanced at you.
Forget it.
Move on.
She is only going to use you now for attention while she attracts a guy with balls,
conﬁdence and the lover skill who can turn her on like she desires, like she
always wanted, like she read in books and seen on movies, and like the way she
fantasized but found you are not it.
It’s done.
Move on and don’t waste your time with her because only whe you got skills in
conversation to engage her emotionally and turn her on, for her a whole body to
shudder, for her emotions to go wild, for her imagination to ﬁre up at all these
amazing exciting, daring, boldness she will experience with you, that she will
even take a step to meet you face to face.
She’s already experienced what would happen if she met you face to face.
Nothing much.
That’s why she said “meh let’s just chat face to face,” and will chat to you when
she is bored and killing time.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can a man know that a woman is interested in him from
her behaviour?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How does a man know when a woman is interested?

I show my intent. I don’t worry about women who are interested and they do all
those signals and hints. I’m too busy for that and second, they are not the only
women on planet earth so distractions are heavy.
If they think a guy who is exciting, adventureous, has conﬁdence is going to look
for hints then they live in Disney land.
I care about living life spontaneously, love romance and so, if a woman I am
interested in shows up…I show intent early one.
That’s when I know if she is feeling the same with me.
Here’s three reasons why show intent early on, set my boundaries as well as let
her know what I desire from her:
How does a man know when a woman is interested?
Adam Taha's answer to What do you feel when you have loved someone but who
rejected you 3 times? Will you wait for her?
Adam Taha's answer to I'm in love with a guy but he doesn't love me. What should
I do?
So I don’t do what typical passive-aggressive guys do or girls do. There’s no point
looking for hints for me.
Instead I show intent and be direct, in a playful manner and that’s how I will
know.
18 Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl (22 y/o), I thought she liked me but she doesn't. What
can I do to forget her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t want to forget.
You want to learn from the lesson and grow smart.
The lesson?
1. Most girls seek attention. The girls in the dating world behaviour is
known as Cluster Love Bombs” and the group is known as “Cluster B
Girls.”
The strategy they use is to lavish admiration on you. Tell you you’re so
beautiful, amazing, ﬂirt to hook you in.
2. Then draw you in and because you are being passive-aggressive and not
like me…Masculine who slap them silly with just showing intent, and
poloarize them to now show their true face…you ﬁnd yourself investing
lots of time if you are passive.
3. Then you do all that movie invitations, resturant invitation, hangout
invitations and she declines. Or you show intent you do desire her and
she can reply back saying the same but they don't. They dissappear.
4. Even then, this should be a MASSIVE red ﬂag that she is seeking
attention, emotional support and or has some disorder but you keep
doing it.
5. You realise far too late and feel the technique they used on you called
“Push and Pull,” which girls learnt to use from when they were children
to make guys do lots of things for them due to their lavish admiration,
ﬂirting, smiles, feminity.
So don’t forget. Remember each fucking move they do and hit them hard with
Masculinity by letting them know, you’re no chump. You know who they are.
show intent immediately, and if they don’t behave in a manner you like thencut
them oﬀ immediately and move on.
Again, to be clear…
If a girl does that, show intent immediately and if she doesn’t move her ass,
doesn’t give a FUCK YEAH….move on.
If she ﬂakes, give her only one chance, and move on.
Learn how to indentify what they do.
Study these 3 here:
Narcissitic
Histronic
Borderline
Here’s the diferent type of women that doe this..
1. Love bomb Girl
She’s so head over the heeels in admiration for you, and tells you’re hot, beautiful,
amazing blah balh blah. Or you go out with her and she tells you all this and it
feels amazing but feels scary too.
She’d say things like..
OMG! You’re so beautful

I can’t believe I fell in love with you instantley
Everything about you is soooooooooo amazing!
You’re the most fanastic, amazing person I ever met and I can’t believe
how lucky I have been to meet you in blah blah place. I can’t believe how
lucky I am to have you in my life
Sends you text like that
Touches you
She is setting you up for the dramatic fall by showing intent. Moment you do, ask
her out she declines again and again. She will also ﬂake a lot of she says yes and
best only give a girl one chance and move on.
They are similiar to those who ghost you.
2. The Devaluing Drama Queen
Immediately she bursts out with so much love and gratitude but later on she will
project hatred and contempt for you.
This is a woman that if you was in a relationship with, will be abuse. Many guys
reading this will be nodding their heads.
The danger is this type of Cluster B Girls will paint lots of dark character to world
on how she was used for sex and even go into public forums to shame and public
humiltate the guy - which she will later regret and to have the guy take her back.
Moment he does, the vicious circle happens again with her idolizing him and
then tell everyone how he treats her badly, regardless if it was true or not, she’d
do it, and has to get the attention she hungers from the drama she creates.
She’s facebook quotes subtley on how guys are assholes and then make it speciﬁc
on who the guy is. She’ll tweet how she’s a herk and even go to her social circle
and say it all to them.
If the guy works with her at a job, she will slur his image and spread rumours
about him. In fact only last week, 3 women got ﬁred from a company I provide a
service too for doing exactly that.
One is also taken to court for damages. Other two apologised but the guys are
thinking twice and probably take them to court as well.
3. The Damsel In Distress
Men have this trigger inside of them called the White Knight. She works to trigger
that by revealing she is the victim of a bad boy. Yet she stays with him as she
draws you in to tell you all the stories.
She uses your time, resources for emotional support. Such women know how to
take advantage of so called nice guys, passive-aggressive guys and guys who
haven’t got much experience in such situations.
She’ll say how bad her boyfriend is and how he uses her for sex, how she never
listens, how he ﬂirts with other women but she goes back to him and rides him.
He is the sex. You are the emotional support.
They will come at you with a role of pity and will try to get you to be the rescuer,
the white knight. It’s a “script.” When you know how to identify them you will see
the script is the same, whether..
He treats me poorly. Just wants sex
Uses me for sex
Abuse stories

If you ever dated her and be in relationship, then guess who is in the story? You
are. She now has a new story to tell and on goes her script.
You’re the bad body who used her for sex and yet, she never says no to sex. She
tells the nice guy the stories and girls but still…rides you.
Understand she is following a script and applying a role on you that she has done
many a times with other guys. These guys are ill prepared when these girls show
up.
The Release Phase
The moment she knows you ﬁgured her out or show a certain type of attention
like showing intent…she will disappear.
Let her know the boundaries from day one and she will dissappear
Show intent immediately and she’ll dissappear
If in relationship, set boundaries from day one and do not compromise
your boundaries even if sex is good. Keep strong with your boundaries.
When any girl/woman comes up to you with any story then let her know
of your boundaries. She’ll back oﬀ immediately. If she tries again, cut her
oﬀ and block her on everything.
No more reaching out to you and you don’t be a White Knight. She isn’t
fragile. She isn’t Cinderalla. Wake up from being a White Knight and
walk out of the Vortex.
STOP IT. You cannot solve her problems. Tell her to go and see a
therapist or report to law. Set the boundaries!
If in a abusive relationship, seek help, get out, ZERO CONTACT. Forget
all this “We can work it out..” when it’s relationship. Seek help
immediately.
Then give yourself 6 months or more to sort out yourself out and learn
from your lesson. Think about how much you would have lost being with
this type of woman.
Most guys don’t wake up until she takes them to the cleaners and be in debt.
Some spend tons of money to impress such women. Some ﬁnd themselves in
trauma and the eﬀects can take a long time to heal.
Conclusion
You will ﬁnd amazing women as I have. I mean amazing, smart, loving, have
empathy and my life has been enriched by these women as I have enriched their
life too.
But you will ﬁnd the other side of the story, where you’ll meet the many cluster b
girls/woman who will create havoc in your life. Since we have technology, social
media and texting, apps, you will attract many of them.
They have always been there but with technology it is now easier to get attention
from guys.
Show intent early on and have boundaries. Don’t fear losing her. Let her go back
to her tedious life. You got better things to do and you’ll meet someone who is
honest, doesn’t want emotional support, loves sex, owns her sexuality, wants to
be in relationship if…things go well.
Don’t think with your dick.
Think with your mind.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you feel when you have loved someone but who
rejected you 3 times? Will you wait for her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't be in this position anyway because I don't fall in love with a woman just
like that and hide my feelings.
Maybe if I was 14 years old but I’m not a teen anymore and I am far from all the
drama people create with themselves.
I’m more direct in my intent from day one.
And all I ask is for a…
1. Fuck yeah
2. Fuck no
No ifs and long winded explainaton.
If if a Fuck Yes, great. That’s all I ask for and need.
If no, then there’s no need to invest time, emotional investment and no, we won’t
be friends. I got friends already and not looking for that in women I am attracted
to. Time is limiting now for me.
So I am not going to “wait for her.”
If she says yes, I don’t care if she is at end of world or if it takes me one year, two
years, if she got her head screwed right. I also have options locally and she’d know
that too.
If a woman has problem with that, it’s ﬁne. I’m moving on.
I do believe in love and romance but love takes time and in he begining it is
attraction.
Attraction isn't a choice.
You know, you see someone and kaboom! It hits you.between the eyes and it will
happen alot, and that doesn’t mean you then fall for every woman it happens
with. It means it happens, you are self aware and mature about it.
So why would I invest time my emotions, my time if at the initial stages called
attraction/infatuation I ﬁnd..
1. She doesn’t feel the same way
2. Or she does but she follows social norms, labels without ﬁrst getting to
know the guy, meet in future, commnicate a lot, get intimate emotionally
and physical, sexually etc. So no compatibility.
No point really “falling in love,” and there isn’t any point “waiting for her.”
I’d have moved on fast.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

He doesn't care about me and is ignoring me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He used you?
It’s the same old story…(this is edited version)
See this question and you’ll see how a woman knows what a man wants, knows
and yet still pursues the man…

Adam Taha's answer to My crush is a player who goes after very attractive
women. Should I accept that he is out of my league?
Yes, it is the same old story..
Adam Taha's answer to I like a girl (22 y/o), I thought she liked me but she doesn't.
What can I do to forget her?
Women complaining guys see them as meat but the same women see men as
meat. Knowing exactly what these guys desire and yet, they still go for them and
then complain what is so obvious what is going to happen next.
Let me ask you something…
A question by the way the mainstream professionals don't ask because they make
good money promoting how you as a woman is so weak, helpless, fragile and how
guys just use you beause you haven’t got a brain.
That you so need their services because so many bad guys use you and you don’t
know anything. Yes, you don’t have a choice. You can’t say no. You’re naive,
you’re fragile, you are like sleeping beauty, Cinderalla.
The question..
“Why didn’t you say NO to sex?”
He didn’t want a relationship so..
Why didn’t you move on then?
Did he have some voodoo trick? No.
Can he control your mind? No.
So what do you think happens when you knew, there isn’t going to be a
relationship? I mean, what on earth you expected if there isn’t a relationship and
you heard that from his mouth?
If you didn’t want just want sex, which by the way I got no problems with, and I
mean it, I have no problems with girls just wanting sex, it’s natural, awesome,
amazing experience but…you’d walk if you didn’t want just sex.
You wanted relationship. He says he’s not into relationship. He doesn’t want
relationship. That is him being honest.
Great. Then you’d walk away.
Why didn’t you?
You probably thought like most women....
“I can change him. I can ﬁx him. He’ll be amazing boyfriend material…”
You saw nothing more than looks, appearances, how other girls are pursuing him
and how he has options.
It is…a…challenge for you.
When you found out you couldn’t ﬁx him, change him, make him your own
property, object in which he ONLY desires you…you’re own ego got hit.
You found out what most women do. They cannot change a man, ﬁx him and be a
trained puppy.
There is nothing to be ashamed about sex.
Nothing to be guilty about but there is shame, there is guilt when you say you
don’t own your sexuality. There is shame when you start throwing accusations

left, right and centre.
That you are helpess, powerless, to say no to sex.
That you (and by the way what most are saying to you here) are not responsible
for your own sexuality?
So you knew he wasn’t looking for a relationship.
Yes I am repeating myself because I need to. It’s so simple and yet so many
women can’t get their heads wrapped round it.
You knew he wasn’t looking for a relationship.
But still…you recipocrated his advances, talked to him, walked with him, agreed
to meet him, then by your own choice went to an isolated place whether his place
or yours, kissed with him, undressed in front of him, had sex with him willingly,
by your own free will and did not say no to sex to him?
You didn’t move on.
You wanted sex because YOU and HE wanted it.
Mutual consent.
I say this because nowhere in your detail reveals forced but rather bitterness at
not getting what you wanted - the value you wanted.
Since you didn’t get it, why not try and slur him. That he’s some bad boy, a player,
a guy who used you because mummy voice is now ringing in your unconscious
that good girls do not sleep with guys if there is no relationship and social myths
and lies regarding shame on sex/modesty are kicking in.
You had sex but because you didn't get the validation you wanted, you now do
what most try to do. You avoid taking responsibility for your own sexuality.
He didn’t use you.
You had sex with a man knowing full well where you stand with him.
You move on is what you do and next time, take responspibility for your sexuality
and the decisions you make in life.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in love with a guy but he doesn't love me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For every person who says they don't know what they do, they are in denial
because similar to your situation..they all know what to do.
You know what to do.
You don’t need anyone saying what you to do:
1. To say to him how you feel.
“In the begining I didn't know you that well but as time went by I grew
attracted to you because…(name the traites and desires)
2. And you want to know if he feels the same way
3. If he says he feels the same way then have the maturity to now
communicate where to lead next rather than what most do, and come
back here asking annoying questions, “what does it mean?”
But haven't done what you…already…know what to do.

Why?
I could give some logical answer but it's not about logic. The logic is only the
symptoms and not the real reason. The logic is where women rationalise all kind
of reasons to avoid doing the steps to move forward or moving on.
The logic…
Like most people you fear rejection. You fear showing vulnerability because you
fear feeling the pain of not being validated.
“He might not say no.”
“He might not be attracted to me.”
“It be awkward blah blah.”
“I might lose a friend.”
Emotionally it is..
Fear of pain
Fearing loss
Avoiding conﬂict/awkwardiness
Avoiding conﬂict
But the root is you are wearing a social mask because you base our self worth on
approval of others, attaching your self worth based on with some guy saying yes
and that his yes is suppose to deﬁne your beauty and value.
So you invest more time, emotions, texting, hours in phone, meeting face to face,
and as you do you don't realise this builds up lots of attacement. It later becomes
addictive and when you ﬁnd out he doesn't feel the same way, it hits you hard.
It creates uneccessay trauma, stress, anxiety and emotional stress when you now
have to move on. You do it to yourself not anyone else.
“If you don’t go through it, you shall go through again and again…”
Far better to go through the pain that let this process, this anxiety, this stress go
through you again and again, and again.
This is why I show intent early.
If I don’t get a FUCK YES, then I see it as FUCK NO and I move on.
You will see me saying this over and over, in many my answers because much of
the questions is always coming from fear of rejections. Fear of loss.
Fear of lonlioness. Fear.
You know what to do. You have always known. You’re not helpless. You’re not
locked in a tower or in some glass prison magical shell, like sleeping beauty, for
the knight to kiss you ﬁrst and wake you up from your delusional state.
There is no shame to go for what you want and nor need for guilt.
Just make it easy on yourself.
Talk to him and let him know.
Let the chips fall where they may.
In other words say “Fuck it! I’m going to do this now. I AM NOT HELPLESS. I
know what to do and if says no, it doesn’t change how I know I’m awesome.”
Then smile, and leave it alone to move with a lesson.

Always show intent early on. Believe in love. Believe in romance but also have
maturity to ﬁrst get this ﬁrst step sorted.
Letting the person know you feel attracted to them.
9.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Molly Marshall

I told my husband my exhusband looked at me in a sexual
manner. He told me he wants a divorce because I told him this.
Why would he say this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because a mature and smart woman who loves her man wont be playing
manipulating games to get him jealous and instead focus on building attraction
with her husband by telling him how he turns her on than that nonsense.
She would know to only say that which will beneﬁt their relationship. Very
immature of her or if she was playing mind games, manipulative.
It also sounds like, you are saying to your husband that's what you want to
happen.
901 Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to make a girl jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t. Just don’t. You don’t need to do that.
1. You lower her self esteem.
If this is a girl you like you don’t go oﬀ like that. Don’t play these games.
This is why when I share stories, or I say something I learnt from
someone, or another woman, women thinks I’m making her Jealous.
I am not even doing that but there we go because they learnt other guys
or girls do it and their mind go oﬀ assuming things that’s not there.
Instead focus on projecting your best traites, do something that builds
value in you and around you in a positive way. Get good at conversing to
make her feel excited, aroused, and imagines all the awesome stuﬀ she
can do with you. Build tons of friends and have fun.
Bring value to the table.
2. You make her feel self conscious
Imagine. This is a girl you like and you go oﬀ and do that. Or a girl in
school, college, university, wherever. You don’t build friendship that way
and you don’t build a positive social circle. You also attract insecure and
needy girls or push conﬁdent girls away.
Focus on building value in you and what you do. You won’t need to focus on
being insecure by making someone jealous and making them feel insecure either.
14.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if you love a girl but know you cannot have?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you do is develop abundance mentality.
The diﬀerence for example from the average Joe and a guy who is living an
attracting women, can be many but there is one thing out of all these factors that

stands out the most.
It is the abundance mentality.lo
I am sharing with you experience here of 25 years and I am not a guy who reads
dating books, pickup books but have applied what I learn through doing. Years of
doing this but not just with women, but in business and in all aspects of my life.
The diﬀerence is huge if you’re honest with yourself as you read below what I
mean about having abundance mentality…
Most men will do the opposite in what I am sharing here because they live in the
plane of fear of loss. Women have no problem for saying no to even an attractive
guy because the abundance of attractive men wanting to have sex with them is
there. They can switch oﬀ their phone and not give a damn if they miss a guy
calling them.
They can avoid replying to a man for days. If they didn't get any or man
compliment them, give them any attention they won't behave as they do today
with how so many men send messages blah blah. They would have to get oﬀ their
butt and take initiative and value what most bitch about.
But as we know, on Tinder and dating websites and oﬄine…women get lots of
attention than men. They only need tits and ass. That's how easy it is for them.
Through their life, they get attention often that it's not even a big deal.
It is a big deal for men because they don't get compliment often from women.
Even if a women is attracted to him, most women are passive in their approach.
women can do all these things like giving a guy compliments, smile, ﬂirt and the
guy without abundance mentality will be waiting around for her and not move on
building his own resources and approaching other women…is she doesn't show
intent. Or behave in a manner he desires her too
Men also have to be careful because women know this. They learn it from an early
age.
MOST women wiill use it to get attention, get him investing emotionally and
dissappear. They will use that to also make a man passive to get what they want
until she sees she can't and dissappear or he kicks her out.
For such women, it's nothing. Another man is easy to hook in. Plenty of men in
this world who haven't the abundance mentality and boundaries.
Understand I am not saying all women have personality disorder, narcissists,
social pyschopaths, or just messed up to use man for her ego, attention,
emotional support.
It’s why I am ﬁrm with women as they are with men.
It’s why I don’t give them my valuable time if they behave in a certain manner I
don’t like, the way they do the same to men.
It’s why I don’t bother complimenting their photos, their instagram images and
why I have no problem doing what I share right now below because I have
abundance, options and so, if a woman behaves in a manner that shows me lack
of interest, she behaves in a manner of silent mode, she behaves in a manner to
play hard to get, then I will block her from phone.
I will block, cut oﬀ and stop all communications without a problem because she…
is one woman in a planet full of billions of women - and - she is not behaving in a
manner that respects my time.

And I only have to approach some more women to get a yes. She maybe attractive
and smart but there are many are who attractive and..smart.
The only unique and special woman is the one who shows interest and engages as
she reveals she desires you - and - follows through consistently.
She is the one who takes action, spends time with you in a romantic way and who
desires you as much you desire her. That’s the unique woman, the special woman
and all rest are just women. Nothing else but women. Not a priority at all to you
but women.
So from this day forward, you’re mindset needs to be like this, as though you are
speaking to yourself..
1. I have an ultimate abundance mentality.
2. If I am attracted to a woman then I say so in the beginning without this
mentality of fear of loss. That way I invest less and now she must show
her true face to me. It prevents me to emotionally invest and I can limit
any attachment feeling towards her and any woman when it comes to
romantic feelings.
3. I can walk away immediately from a woman when she behaves in a ways
I don’t like without any problem.
4. I will block women on social media and phone without any problem, no
matter if she is highly extremely attractive than thinking of losing some
opportunity.
5. I will cut her oﬀ on every platform if she doesn’t behave in a manner I
like while most men won’t because they fear loss.
6. I will let her know of my boundaries. She steps over the line then we’re
done. I let her know. If she does it again, I won’t explain. I will cut all
communication, block her from all platforms and phone, and move on.
7. I will say to women if they keep talking about their ex or boyfriend that I
am not interested in giving them emotional support. That I am not some
nice guy who pretends to be their friend so I can work under radar to get
into their pants. I am not their Therapist and they are not my patient. I
am not their brother, their sister or their girl-friend.
8. I will not vote and like because she is attractive. I will not like her selﬁe
photo and I will not comment on her beauty on her facebook page,
instagram or even on Quora comment. They get enough compliments as
it is from thousands of guys as it is. Only in one to one private interaction
will a compliment be given and due to revealing certain intentions and
that she has demonstrated a trait other than her outer beauty.
I will compliment her beauty but she needs to understand her beauty for
me is not enough and to not belittle my intelligence with usual nonsense
about men just want sex. I am me. I do not get blamed and charged for
the worlds behaviour. I am responsible for MY actions not other men’s
actions.
9. I will only compliment women who are interact with me the most and
who show interest with me. If however, I ﬁnd she is behaving like she is
now on some pedestal, I will limit my time with her or even cut her oﬀ
without any problems and move on with my life to someone who
appreciates honesty, communication and directness when one reveals
his feelings.
10. I will reject quality women, highly attractive women if I do not like what
I hear, what I see and any labels she projects on me or she slut shames
other women, or labels men.

11. I will completely walk away from women no matter how attractive they
are because there is an abundance to attract high quality women on this
planet and she is not entitled for anything as I am not entitled either.
12. There will always be…an abundance of women as such who desire the
adventurous, exciting, sexual conﬁdence and experience men. This the
world is not ﬁlled with one type of woman.
Note - you have to decide what you look for in a woman. We are all
diﬀerent with desires, wants and needs.
There is no wrong or right in this.
I desire sexual conﬁdent women, who is comfortable with her sexuality,
had enough of social norms rules and wants a man of adventure,
excitement, greater purpose and fun. Who desire a lover and who is direct
in his intentions towards her. She is smart and has passionate for life and
passion in her own dreams.
So I behave in a manner that they can identify me easily from other men
who are not and it pushes women that I don’t want and who do not desire
men of my nature.
13. I also reject sex from women, who haven’t depth in personality, who lack
similar values as me, who are not compatible with me and I with them,
who have no passion for life, who have no purpose in life, who label and
slut shame other women and men, who make sex as some prize…a
trophy…a carrot dangling like that is ALL they got and nothing else but
that. Her value drops and attraction hits below zero. Cold.
This then is… your abundance mentality or your thoughts you develop.
Most men won’t show intent from the beginning due to fear of losing the woman
he is attracted to. He won’t let her know he desires her.
He’s afraid of losing the opportunity.
And most women, majority of them won’t show intent because they are
conditioned to do all the signals, hints and they rarely take risks in this matter.
They take risks in going for jobs etc but this, it is rare.
Even when a woman pursues, she will rarely show intent and it is then down to
the man to polarize the situation, to get her to show all her cards on table. That’s
when you know if she is pursuing for resources i.e. to vomit stories of her ex on
you, to ﬁll time talking and getting emotional support or it is that she is attracted
to you.
You will ﬁnd out very fast when you show intent.
If she’s attracted to you, she will engage and reveal her true nature to you. if she
isn’t, she will either disappear and even not give a damn to say she is not
interested. Yes, just like that, she cuts oﬀ, gone. They have no problems doing
that when they know they cannot get your resources i.e. time, emotional support,
to feel good, to feel aroused or simply friend connection - but nothing else is
going to happen.
Most men just won’t walk away from a woman if she just wants emotional
support. He won’t walk away from her if she doesn’t show interest back. He will
rationalise that one day she will fall for him but that is where the danger is.
You will waste your time, invest emotionally, hold your life back for a woman who
doesn’t give a damn about you in that way.

And when you got hooked and when she now show intent she will disappear,
which can cause trauma. You will feel hurt and it can last for a long time and ﬁnd
yourself in depression.
Most men won’t do what I am sharing because…..attractive high quality women…
do not come around often in his life. He lacks abundance mentality and lives with
scarcity mindset.
Back to your question.
What do you do now?
1. You develop abundance mentality.
2. If you are interested in a woman, attracted to her, show intent faster.
3. Real fast so you ﬁnd out where she stands.
4. Either a Fuck Yes or a Fuck No. No middle ground area.
5. It helps you to invest less and move on to other women, until you ﬁnd a
woman who desires you as you desire her. It prevents you being used as
emotional support and ﬁnd yourself the ﬂirting is nothing more than her
ego and cry for attention, and boredom from an existing relationship she
is in or just bored in a repetitional tedious life she might be living.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend is losing interest in me and treats me as on
option. I am tired and want to move on. Should I initiate the
break up and make him happy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are in a place called…
“We both want to move on for real but we both don’t want to make the tough
decision. We are waiting for one of us to make the decision..”
It is the Labyrinth.
In the greek mythology, the labryinth function was to hold the Minatour captive.
It could not escape.
But you can walk out of the labyrinth.
The labyrinth phase is where you feel stuck. Closed in. You can’t move forward
and you don’t want to stay either. You feel tired, frustrated and you just don’t like
being in that one place anymore.
The relationship has become stagnate. It’s not moving anywhere. It’s nothing
more now but convienence. It’s a…safe…option.
You have come to a place in which even if he breaks up with you, you won’t even
care anymore. You just don’t want whatever it is you have now.
You just want to move on.
When you are at this stage then one of you has to make the decision. Since it is
you asking the question and since you are tired and want to move on, then break
up with him. It’s time to move on.
All the best
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are the signals that a girl gives if she's interested in a guy?
And what are some crucial signals when she's not interested?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you want to get hurt real bad?
Do you want lots of painful sleepless nights?
Do you want to fall for someone and ﬁnd they are not interested, and feel your
heart has been ripped from inside you, stamped on a thousand times?
Then here’s what you do…
Avoid looking for signals.
Show intent from day one.
I didn’t say it won’t sting when you get rejected and not because women opinion
of you reveals who you are.
It hurts because we are conditioned early on to seek validation, acceptance,
approval like a drug. It stings but you will live to approach other women.
Signals can mean many things..
1. She might be nervous
2. She might feel threatened
3. She might feel uncomfortable
4. She might be an attention seeker
5. She might ﬂirt to test if she still got it to attract a man without intention
of dating him
6. She might ﬂirt for fun
7. She might ﬂirt out of boredom
8. She might be ﬂirting to reveal status to get the attention of a diﬀerent
guy
9. She might be showing oﬀ to her friend
People give oﬀ signals all day long and much of it is never about being interested
in someone.
An experienced man will know this..
A number is not a date. A woman can give a number to avoid the
awkwardiness or conﬂict of saying no.
A conversation, a smile, is not a sign she likes you in a romantic way.
The eye contact, and extra glances is not a sign of interest but can be a
sign of feeling threatened, nervousness, cautiousness and being alert of
danger
Personal question and even sharing personal experiences of ex does not
mean she’s interested in you in a romantic way. It means she’s just
sharing her experiences and loading you with her history, for emotional
support or to just feel better about herself.
Laughing at your jokes and with you doesn’t mean she’s interested in
you in a romantic. It can mean this is her personality or she enjoys
company.
When she touches you, hugs or ﬂirts, it doesn’t mean she’s interested in
you. She can be a touchy type of person and very sociable warm person
who likes to make other people at ease with her.

When she copies what you do, in sitting or moves, it doesn’t mean she is
into you romantically. Rather she does it as a way to connect for
conversation wise and to lower maybe her own nerves down a little.
When she changes her tonality of her voice. It doesn’t mean she is
romantically attracted to you because it could be she wants to ﬂirt, have
fun, make herself feel she can get a man’s attention but that is it.
So signals you think is attraction can also be erroneous type of signals that
happen unconsciously.
They can mean something totally diﬀerent.
So what do you do when you know this now?
Go for the ballsy direct approach
1. You see a woman you are attracted to
2. You immediately approach and show intent
3. You let her know you desire her by behaving in a sexual aggresive
manner i.e. indirect sexualisation/ﬂirting, playful, fun.
4. Behave in a manner in which she now must show her true face
5. If she doesn’t say FUCK YES move on. Let her go. In fact, don’t even
worry about it. The moment you are direct she probably dissappear.
Maybe faint from shock because there’s a man who just showed he
knows what he wants and says it without apologising for it.
6. When I get a no or silence, or playing hard to get, I am gone. I don’t look
for her. I don’t check her social media. I don’t bother with her again. I am
done. Moving on. Good bye. Have a nice sweet life.
7. If she says FUCK YEAH, then we have ﬁnally left the bullshit and games,
and show mutual respect and attraction for each other. When two people
who show intent fast, it shows integrity, it shows maturity and it shows
to each other they really want to move forward and connect at a deeper
romantic level.
Looking for signals is a passive-aggressive way for men who fear rejection, who
fear showing vulnerability because they are worried and fear the sting of
rejection.
Men who approach and show intent immediately understand the meaning of
growth, what it does for them and know that when a woman is not interested, it
doesn’t deﬁne him. It just shows the attraction isn’t mutual and he moves on.
He found out what he needs to know and he’s not interested in platonic or giving
emotional support. He’s moving on.
The process is simple.
Don’t make it diﬃcult as it already is due to social norm rules, myths, fallacies
and signals that do nothing but frustrate you to no end.
It also makes room to abuse your time and mess you around.
84.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Shlaka Bonvoya

Why do people work so hard in life even though they know that
nothing they have done or ever will do will remain with them?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about pursuing and building a legacy
Answered Dec 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will try to answer this question as thorough as I can.

Time is limiting as I’m ﬂying to Paris.
My question to you is..
What does work mean to you?
If work only means working hard gaining material and think it’s about things that
will never remain with you then that’s your deﬁnition of work. It is also a
deﬁnition of what you think success is.
Most men as an example do not have a life ﬁlled with greater purpose, that also
comes with excitement and adventure.
My life has been this from a very young age but it wasn’t easy due to the world I
came from, social rules, and a lot of things which is why having a greater purpose
in life plays a huge part in this.
If your perception sees what you do as just work then your legacy dies with you.
Your question is not just a question. When you ask this question you are
questioning your own belief system not really what other people are doing.
It is a projection of your belief system, your perception, your attitude towards
how you see life and work itself.
I don’t build to work. I don’t seek knowledge and specialized skill to work.
I build a legacy and I promote others to do the same.
Success then for me is not the general view in society that it is to become
consumed with maintaining possession that represents one’s success. That at a
physical level it is about gaining wealth, fame, rank, popularity, acceptance from
other but about knowledge in which we bring it all together for a vision. A legacy.
It is to understand it on a spiritual level:
1. That it is a progression and realisation of a worth while purpose
2. In which you continue to grow and develop in all aspects
3. To bring value to humanity/the lives of others
4. On a spiritual level, success is the continous infolding of your purpose
and destiny. The unfolding of your legacy that will outlive you.
True success for me, is the progress and the continous eﬀort where we attain our
goals and the realisation of our vision, which sows the seed of a legacy long after
we have gone.
I don’t see work. I see vision. A legacy.
I don’t see price and sacriﬁce. I see conviction and natural course of making an
idea in my mind that is clear day as a reality.
Material and wealth if any is but the feedback of the seeds I have sown over a time
period, with making the right choices that were tough to make.
This guides me to my worthwhile purpose in life.
I can say today, if I die, I know my legacy lives on.
The question then is not why people do anything. The question is what legacy
will you leave behind or is it but work that dies with you.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a woman or girl unattractive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A lot has already been mentioned so I’m going to try to just mention not the most
obvious as possible as I can:
Personally for me:
1. Attention seeker: she is only ﬂirting for attention and really doesn’t
desire the man she’s ﬂirting with. The way I stop women like that real
fast is by showing my intent early on. They dissappear fast back to their
tedious life.
It’s only way to ﬁnd out truth. Showing intent early on.
2. She doesn’t show intent: this is one of the biggest for me. She doesn’t
say she desires the man but hides it. She uses hints, signals. Follows
much of social norms and fallacies that surrounds dating. That’s even
when you show intent. I can’t read minds and so I move on. If I don’t get
a Fuck Yes there and then, I move on.
3. Playing hard to get: might work on an insecure man who hasn’t options,
but not on a high self worth conﬁdent man who has options. Waits far
too long to show interest back and expects a chase. I would have already
moved on. I’s ﬁne. It’s just one more woman I am thankful to avoid
investing more time with.
4. Insecure about sex: I do not apologise for being a high sexual lover.
That doesn’t mean I am not intellectual, smart and got a greater purpose
in life. It doesn’t mean I don’t enjoy rich conversation and want to get to
know the woman.
It does mean, I don’t date friends. I date lovers who understand intimacy,
physical intimacy and sex is natural not something to be ashamed and
guilty about.
5. Slut shames women/men. I can’t stand this. The moment I hear that
anywhere, oﬄine or online, it is a turn oﬀ.
6. Alcohol: Drinking to level of being drunk. I am into fun but drinking
until being drunk and not being self aware is a turn oﬀ. Not being
curious or wanting to learn anything and to try new things. Drinking is
the highlight.
7. Being obsessed with looks: I’m all for looking great, sexy as hell but to
keep complaining about her own look and body is testing. Be
comfortable in your own skin and if you want to do something, ok do it,
hit the gym, diet do whatever but stop whining about it every day and
every week
When I say to a woman she is beautiful, I mean it. When I say to a woman
I am a lover with that she is damn hot, dayum girl your ass, I mean it.
When I say I love her personality that is XYZ, don’t throw it back on a
guy’s face but see it for what it is. He means it because she assumes the
best for herself. That she is atractive, sexy, hot, smart and her personality
is sparkly, bubbly, magnetic.
8. Emotional support: she’s looking for a therapist and wants to be your
patient. Thinks you got lots of time to listen about ex this, boyfriend and
yet…she knows what needs to be done and doesn’t do it. Back and forth
with guy/ex. Uses men for emotional support when she needs to go and
hire a therapist.
9. Worried what society thinks. I am more for a woman who has her own
mind. She thinks for herself and she isn’t following some social norm
rules that frustrates is to no end when it comes to saying we desire each

other and just get on with it. She doesn’t need her friends approval,
relatives approval or society’s approval to make a decision and so she can
make a decision right there and then to say yes.
11.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend cheated on me with a guy she had a crush on. I
still love her. Should I forgive her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know something. I wasn’t going to answer this question.
Here’s why.
I get tons of messages from girls and guys regarding this matter and I can’t be
assed to even bother because they don’t get it. If I give time to them, it be a waste
of my time 99% of the time.
Why? The ﬁrst is they are back and forth. So there is no use of me giving time to
them. They will emotionally drain me with their ongoing talk about some guy or
girl and avoid focusing on the task at hand.
Second, because they all think they love the person.
When we break it down with science, we ﬁnd it isn’t that they love the person. It’s
because..
1. They themselves crave for the emotions that is connected to this person.
2. They are in love with the emotions connection to this person
3. They are a slave to craving for feeling these emotions
They later admit, after sharing some knowledge it isn’t love and it is the craving
for the emotion attached to this person and yet…still they don’t get it. They will
still not give 100% to the decision to move on.
Attraction is not a choice. That we understand. It happens. Kaboom!
But love is a choice. Love is when you treat yourself with love ﬁrst and that
means, also you know you deserve better. That someone who loves you back
treats you right too.
If a person cannot distinguish these two and let’s someone else, think they can
just treat them like dirt, then this person doesn’t know what love is.
Love is also….educating the other that when you take such actions there are
consequences. A woman grows with a MAN, she doesn’t with a boy because a boy
doesn’t gravitate to growth.
Why? Because a boy doesn’t like the pain of growth and in being a man of
integrity, self respect and respects the trust he has called love.
A man of high self worth understands this wisdom, and is willing to grow through
the pain to be a man because he respects his word, the trust he calls love.
He knows this..
“That which you cannot grow through, you will go through again and again,
and again…”
He’s not going to be that man who gives another chance so he can blame her for
cheating. He’s going to take responsibility for his own life, his own word, and take
his boundaries seriously.

Because no one really takes anyone serious if they cannot even respect their own
boundaries.
That’s why I stay away from people who want help on this matter. They are back
and forth, emotions up and down.
Don’t get me wrong here..
I am all for sexual conﬁdence.
I don’t follow social rules most follow. I am a lover and adventuerous but I also
have boundaries too, and I will respect other person’s boundaries too.
So I want to make that clear…
I date diﬀerent woman and so this isn’t about sex. I’m not closed minded.
I’m not following social norm constraint rules, the inventions that make
one feel guilty and shame on what is natural called sex.
People always make it about sex. Making sex guilty, shame, and start slut
shaming and calling men manwhores, players etc.
They do so because they do not want to face up to their own responsibility about
their own minds and insecurities.
This is about trust.
People can date others even in relationship but they don’t need to cheat. So this
isn’t about sex. Just go and tell the person you want to date others. Might as well
do it without feeling the heaviness of lying or hiding.
Truth always comes out one way or another or it damages your own self esteem.
This is about trust in two ways.
That you as a man can be trusted to keep your word when you mention what the
boundaries are. if you cannot, well, how you expect a woman to ever see you as a
man of self respect?
The other is trust in which she doesn’t go behind your back and has sex with
some guy, who you already know she’s got the hots for.
She knew what she was doing.
Think about it for a moment..
You knew she had a crush on some guy. You warned her. Whatever that means
because warning from you give means sod all, when you come here asking people
what to do, forgive or blah blah.
Also who warns someone else. That’s really abusive.
Instead we have an understanding of our boundaries.
I don’t warn. I have boundaries. These boundaries are very important in
relationships and you will see why in a diﬀerent perspective.
You ﬁnd out she has had sex with that guy.
You already said to her what will happen if she does.
But here’s the thing..
You know the diﬀerence between a boy and man of high self worth?
Boy speaks of boundaries but never even sticks to his own boundaries.
Let’s his own emotions play with him.

He puts woman before his purpose in life. He puts woman before his own self
respect. He puts woman, money, popularity, and all that most put ﬁrst before
their own word, because they crave for attention, crave for pat on back, crave for
applause, crave for acceptance, crave for…superﬁcial love.
I have no problem with women sleeping with other guys and guys doing so with
other women, if they are honest with each other, and respect each other’s
boundaries.
I am so impressed by for example a woman expressing where she stands in her
life and she showed intent immediately after I did. She’s in a relationship, I am in
one too. So it can happen if people love themselves and who know it is far better
to be open with each other from day one.
It’s why I show my intent always from day one and open to where I am in life with
women..
You in other hand, do not even respect…your..own..boundaries and you may see
that sex is the problem. It’s not.
Too many people blame it on sex. Sex has been with us since the day man and
woman walked on this planet.
People have been conditioned to feel guilty and shame about sex, their
nakedness, their bodies and this is what social control is about.
It also leads to corporates making billions of dollars in so many ways regarding
this matter and the same corporates playing on each side. Yes, they know what
they are doing. It’s all about money. Power. Social control.
The trust is the problem.
So here’s my question to you…
How do you ever expect any woman to respect you and take you seriously
when you don’t even respect your own boundaries?
You were playing with words using “forgive,” like some clause to cover up the
truth in what I am saying here.
Man lives his boundaries and woman believe his word 100%, because what he
says he does to the letter. What he says means something.
Even if it means he walks away from her and ends the relationship, then so be it.
Growth for him is serious. He doesn’t need to ask his mum, dad, friend, ex and
society how he will live his life and what decisions he will make.
That’s a man of high self worth.
What you say means nothing because any man who asks society what they think
they should do, about a girl who cheat on him, and uses the word “forgive”is
looking for a way to have her back.
You don’t have certainty.
You cannot then expect to attract certainty in your life.
You cannot expect attract women of certainty in your life because we don’t
attract what we want. We attract who we are.
It is so due to our own mental state which governs our behaviour, which projects
out there to women who we are, and it attracts certain women.
We attract who we are.

A MAN who has self respect and has named the boundaries doesn’t need to ask
anyone. He knows what he must do.
You know what to do….but you will shake oﬀ this responsiblity, pass it on to the
crowd of Rome, because you crave for the emotions that is attached to her being
with you.
She doesn’t respect you.
How can she when she knows you don’t respect your own boundaries?
That went away long ago when you warned her because moment you did, she
knew, 100% she can. You’d always be there to let her back in.
That’s why you are here asking instead of slamming the door shut.
I have always believed the diﬀerence between a boy and a man of high self worth
is this..
He…has…certainty.
In all the places I have been, in all the women I have met, one thing they love the
most in man.
Certainty!
They know for certain, that whatever he says he is and what he stands for is for
real. It’s not just words.
His words mean something to him.
She knows and probably has always known, your words, your boundaries mean
nothing to you. Probably has tested your frame here and there to see who you
really are.
29.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Martín Raúl Villalba

How can I get back the love and respect of a woman I love who
loathes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is why showing intent in the begining is important.
A lot of men just can’t wrap their heads around it and I understand why. The fear
of rejection. This need for validation, to be accepted and approved.
But I never saw it that way.
I always saw it as being honest, up front, from day one with whoever you’re
attracted to. I mean, no one likes someone to pretend. When a person does that
and they realise the dynamics is not as it seems to be, it’s not that they are just
angry with you.
They are angry with themselves for letting you in.
It’s a trust.
It’s not easy for anyone to trust someone.
But if you’re honest from the very begining and show intent, you don’t have time
to fall in love. You don’t have time to emotionally invest. You don’t have time for
building pictures and movies in your mind.
You only have time for this..
1. She says FUCK YES!

2. or FUCK NO!
That takes face to face, a couple of minutes. Depending of the logistic of things,
you can take longer so a woman gets to know you.
Online it takes due to messaging back and forth, and due to the diﬀerent
functions with systems, about 2–3 messages, and that can happen all in one day
or spread through a couple of days because life sometimes get in the way.
But when someone is not upfront, what happens for this person is they invest and
invest and invest, and create all kinds of assumptions in their mind. They do not
behave as lovers but platomic.
They do it intentionally. It’s called “under the radar.”
Being nice, always available for a drink and never, ever saying the true intention
that he has feelings for her, and it’s not platonic.
Then when she rejects, it hits you real hard.
So now you move on and there’s nothing you can do because she didn’t feel the
same way. She now realises she cannot get the emotional support from you.
You’re the guy she tells all, the nice guy, the guy she can never be a lover with.
If you showed your intent from the beginning you’d have saved yourself a lot of
time, frustration and also heart ache.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think is the most important and empowering
single sentence a person could say to himself regularly in order
to have an extraordinary life?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Dec 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“That which you cannot grow though, you shall go through again and again,
and again, and again…until you pick up the lesson to move on and grow..”
1. How many people have stayed in relationships in which they know it is
over to ﬁnd themselves walked over again and again due to fear of
loneliness?
2. How many times have people said they been cheated by so, so, and ask
for help, and yet when help comes along, they do not listen and go right
back to the same person who really doesn’t give a damn about them, due
to this craving for stimulation?
3. How many times the same people been screwed over in a relationship, a
job, a lifestyle and they continue to stay put because they fear the
uncertainty, and lack the self worth that they can do better?
4. How many times have we heard some guy or guys saying how they care
about girls and why girls date posers, smooth talkers, and yet, we ﬁnd
the ones who complain have never invested social skills, and always
hesitent and passive in their behaviour?
5. How many times where adventure appears and comes with growth,
experience, excitement, opportunity for so many to stay put in the same
safe option routine and life and..complain about it?
6. How many follow social norms rules that has never helped them when it
comes to dating but has frustrated them to no ends, and yet they
continue doing the same thing because everyone else…does it?
If we cannot grow through it, we shall go through again and again, and
again until we had enough to pick up the lesson and move on to grow.

It is easy to blame the ex, the boyfriend, the girlfriend.
It is easy to blame the manager or company we work in.
It’s easy to blame some pain in ass customer.
But it’s not easy to take responsibile for our own choices and say NO and go
through the pain to ﬁnd a better company, dump the boyfriend/girlfriend, block
the ex for good, and move on to grow.
That is not easy but it is far painful for sure, if you want to go through the pain
again and again to blame someone out there.
This is done by yourself to yourself.
It is avoiding taking responsibility for our own decisions and what we are doing to
ourselves.
“That which you cannot grow though, you shall go through again and again,
and again, and again…until you pick up the lesson to move on and grow..”
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I continue trying to get the girl who refused to ﬂirt with
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Never apologise. She’s not your girlfriend, your not exclusive with her
and you didn’t do anything wrong.
Her insecurities and her problem. The day you apologise for things like
that, is the day you lower your value in your eyes and saying you
apologise for being a man. By that I mean you just told her she was right
when really, right about what?
You went and talked to girls and had fun, ﬂirting she got upset when she
isn’t even your girlfriend.
You haven’t promised anything to her. Moment you apologise is moment
she now thinks shes higher value than you and now you’re needy and
desperate for her to even apologise for being a man.
I don’t know why you went and apologised to her. For what? For talking
to girls and ﬂirting with them? She’s wasn’t your girlfriend at that time
and it was her own insecurities and you made her insecurities yours.
Correct that behaviour and don’t be passive with girls. If she desires you,
then she needs to up the stakes and get with it than being petty jealous.
If she’s showing jealousy now when she isn’t even your girlfriend, well
you might have problems later with her being fearing abandonment or
issues from past relationships to be projected on you. Or from all the
shaming on men and girls, the usual labels and nonsense. It’s all her own
insecurities. You don’t need the headache.
2. When you are interested in a girl, you ensure when in her environment
and when she is with you, you focus on her and you make your intent
clear. You move and esclate to next phase.
That doesn’t contradict what I said with the ﬁrst point. I am saying,
understand the dynamics within your environment. Understand human
behaviour and how people pre-judge.

Be good at understanding situations around you and be alert on these
matters, will help you and enrich your experiences.
3. If she refused to meet up, do not spend any time with her, do not be
passive, do not be this “nice guy,” orbiting around her. Approach other
girls and it’s her problem now if she is still interested but playing hard to
get. Approach other girls, don’t put her on a pedestal.
The reason why you are having a hard time and with sleep is because you
invested more than you should, when you needed to invest less.
You never open your heart to a girl, ever, until she has shown intent and has
emotionally invested in you, and that means she shows her desire for you clearly.
When a girl shows intent as well, ok then move forward to next phase. Let her
know for real you do desire her. Be a man. Don’t hide it and if she gets
intimidated by a man who shows his desire in words, well, back she goes to some
disney because that is how men show they desire a woman they are attracted to.
It’s direct not hidden.
Also, there is no such thing as “REAL WOMEN.”
There is only women who have diﬀerent desires and needs and YES there are
plenty of women who date men and these men date multiple women.
There are diﬀerent women for diﬀerent men, and no such thing as real women
and that to me is disgusting because it’s another slut shaming way on other
women and shaming men too.
There are women who date men who date multiple women. They are not sluts.
They are not whores. They are women of diﬀerent needs, desires like men who
have diﬀeerent needs and desires.
And no, you haven’t been friendzoned.
You’re not orbiting around her. You are not friends with her. You’re not chasing
her and pretending to be a nice guy and being a friend, when really you’re
interested in her.
She just not interested now so you move on mate, approach other girls and stay
away from girls who get jealous. They are headache later on.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I reply to this message from a girl I gave my number?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Good. Awesome news. So here’s what you do.
1. Don’t mention anything about breaking the rule. Be conﬁdent now. You
don’t need to be insecure like most people and make it awkward. Move
on now to next phase…
2. Do not ask her what she like to do. Instead…lead. Mention a place, a
time, so you both can meet. She doesn’t know you. Make it day time and
somewhere with lots of people. Do not mention “there’s lots of people so
you be ok.” Be conﬁdent and no negativity.
3. If she suggest another place, say, “sure. In fact let’s talk over phone. Call
you in 5 mins?”
4. This allows you to build comfort and attraction with her. It lowers risk of
ﬂakes, girls not turning up. Be fun, light hearted, not romantic, leave all
that serious stuﬀ for much later. 5–10mins phone

Also she doesn’t know you so this is a great opportunity for her to gel
with you and remove some walls and doubts, and worry.
5. Now lead to date, conﬁrm, and get oﬀ the phone.
6. When you meet for pete sake, don’t behave like a friend. Assume she is
your girlfriend, behave as a lover, get her excited, don’t play safe,
embrace, smile, kiss and take her hand and just let go and ﬂow with it.
She is adventureous, she’s interested in you so there is no need to ﬁnd
out if she is or not.
She is already if she’s meeting you so now show her a good time. Behave
in breaking the rule but don’t meaning “breaking the rules” but behave
it, act it, as that’s what got her now interested in you. Keep that frame. Be
diﬀerent to all guys who act with platonic friend behaviour.
7. Don’t go to resturants sitting for hours or cinema. This is not the time for
this. This is is a time to connect emotional, be a lover, walk, hold hands,
talk, and lead to kiss.
That’s it.
15.6k Views · View Upvoters

Who should initiate contact (text, calls) ﬁrst in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t believe in “back in the day” or “should.”
Should - implies I got to follow some rules society has been conditioned with. I’m
all for breaking all the rules that limits me from sharing how I feel and being
direct about how I feel. You know, hiding your intent, pretending you’re not
interested and all the games most play.
So for me, I lead all the way. I text, I call, and I don’t wait.
If woman calls ﬁrst, it doesn’t mean anything except she is reassuring me that she
does feel the same way. Great. I don’t see it any other way. Awesome. I love
conﬁdent women who just goes for what they want.
If I’m calling ﬁrst makes a woman feel “Oooh this is bad” or “not gentleman like,”
or “lacks value,” then I am happy for such women to dissappear for good. I’ll just
move on to many more women.
Billions of women on this planet and there will always be women who like men
who are direct and lead, than being passive aggressive.
I have boundaries though:
1. If I put eﬀort in and I don’t get it back. I will speak up. I am not passive. If
the answer is not good enough, I move on.
2. If I still don’t get eﬀort. I’m done. I move on. I don’t wait.
So I don’t care what happened years ago because years ago is the reason why the
dating process is messed up.
We now got social norms say, or what magazines say, or what culture says and so,
we now have a dating process that’s rigged.
Yes, rigged and who gets results out of this rigged process even if nothing
happens? The resturants and cinema’s, which I never take women there on a date
but lovers. Women who have shown interested, become intimate with me as
lovers not some woman who has yet to make her mind up.

You see what I mean? Majority follow this process. Taking women to resturants
and they call this a date. I call it social norms gone mad.
So I do things diﬀerently because if I followed the masses then I’d be like them.
Frustated, cluess and playing hints, signals and being passive.
I am going to call and not because ﬁrst or last.
It’s because in life I don’t like being passive-aggressive. I just can’t be assed with
it. I rather get on with it. I’m not a signal and hint type of guy. I know what I want
and so I am going to go for what I want.
Why would I wait?
I don’t like hint and signals type of women either.
So I don’t thinking about who text and calls ﬁrst.
I just do it because you’re not passive and you lead in your life, and if it looks
something to other person then it’s their problem.
It would drive you nuts if you think who text ﬁrst and who does this ﬁrst, and on
it goes through each phase of what some call “Dating.”
I call it games which people deny they are playing but they are playing games.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

What's the most creative way to propose marriage? I'm a man,
just a little bit shy.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The most creative way and for a man who is shy?
She knows your shy. She knows 100% you are shy, timid type of guy. I bet she does
too. So doing something even the smallest takes balls and make her feel special,
unique, which is why you don’t need a creative way to propose.
That’s your advantage ;)
You go right up to her and say…
“From the ﬁrst moment I set eyes on you…..I knew you was someone I’d want to be
with for the rest of my life……I could have done something creative but…..you know
I am shy, and it is why this is so important for me to do without anything else
because….I have to muster all I got in me to ask you to…. Marry me..”
That takes balls for a shy guy and she will know it.
Doing it in front of all she knows, will take even bigger balls.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to be oﬀended when my ﬁancé asks me to sign a
prenuptial agreement?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can get oﬀended. You can even be disgusted.,
But if that is so, then get oﬀended with..
1. There is a legal system for marriage. So even the system, is not oﬀended.
It knows the reality of things.
2. There are laws regarding it

3. There is an industry around and build from it
4. There are are courts for divources
5. There are lawyers
6. And then get oﬀended by this..
“Michael Rosenfeld, an associate professor of sociology at Stanford
University, examined data from Stanford’s 2009-2015 How Couples Meet
and Stay Together project, a nationally representative longitudinal study
of relationships and breakups.
Rosenfeld looked at 2,262 adults, ages 19 to 94, who had opposite sex
partners in 2009. By 2015, 371 of these people had split up or gotten
divorced.
Rosenfeld found that wives initiated 69 percent of splits, compared to 31
percent of men.”
If you’re smart you will sit with him and have a talk regarding the prenup to come
with an agreement that suits both of you.
This is serious. It’s not a fairytale. He’s being logical and smart about this.
Instead of living in fairytale land because in real world, things can happen.
Be realistic.
See this guy is smart and you are marrying a smart guy and then sit with him, like
intelligent people with understanding that crazy stuﬀ can happen, and come to
an agreement that works best for not just you, from assets to all sorts - and if
children does come into your life, they too don’t get the brunt.
That they too don’t get so much heartache due to the divource but rather, the love
is there, you both will ensure no manipulation, you’ll not brain wash children
against each other and you will do what most don’t do to ﬁnd your children grow
with love for both of you and their life is ﬁlled with amazing example of wisdom.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

If the relationship seems perfect, if I'm 28 and he's 22 how can I
get over the age gap?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You get over the social conditioning of being approved by people and worrying
what it looks like to people who have no business in whatever you do.
You know what I mean.
If you’re into someone, you’re into that person but if you’re so into being
validated by society, by those around you, well, you’re going to have a hard time
with most things in life and choose due to what social pressure dicates, what
social norms says, than your own desire, your own wants and your own needs.
Blaze your own path or live under the shadows of other people.
Start reading, learn how society gets brain washed, socially conditioned on these
matters but don’t be disillusioned that truth sets you free.
It doesn’t.
Knowing yourself and embracing what you desire, and letting go of validation,
approval, acceptance from others and living your life according to your code not
social norms will give you the courage you need to be free.

I didn’t say it is easy.
I said….living the truth sets you free when you let go of the myths, fallacies and
this illusion that what deﬁnes you is due to what others think of you.
Age is a number and as you get older, will see how silly it is when you are even 18
years old and someone is 40. You’ll realise you lived a life that is ﬁlled with
worries on what others think when you could have just been happy going for
what you want, and realise it’s none of anyone out there damn business.
When you are teen you worry about what others think. When you’re middle age,
you begin to wonder no one gives a shit. When you’re old, you know no one gives
a damn and you ask yourself… why the hell you was worried about what other
people think because they are so busy worrying about their life, their own
problems and how it looks to other people.
You follow the masses and ﬁnd yourself the masses don’t know where they are
going. They are just following the crowd.
By then it is too late.
You’re life has ﬂashed before your eyes.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do when I text a girl but she barely responds?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, it is in times like these I am so glad I’m a man who is direct when it
comes to women. Seriously, I won’t want it any other way and sure, some women
get oﬀended by it, some get weird about it, some like the conﬁdence and honesty,
some desire it but pretend they don’t, like they are protecting some image of
themselves…and some don’t know what to think.
You problem is not about her responding quickly.
It is you not being honest with her. It is doing things in a passive way to avoid
what you fear….rejection.
It is you not being open, transparent and authentic to what you desire.
I have always said, a boy has yet to grow to become a man when he cannot be
open with his desires for a woman and does so without being apologetic about it
but owns his desires.
1. You didn’t show intent
You didn’t get her number by approaching her and being direct with her
that you desire her before taking the number. Instead, it was done like
you are working under a radar.
This is why girls don’t like nice guys because they are not nice. They
blame guys like me, they call guys like me players, assholes but we’re
honest. We say what we desire to women. We are so blatant about it that
yes, some women will run but some who we are aim for can see us
clearly, can identify men like myself clearly and made it easier for them
to diﬀerentiate guys like myself from the rest.
And I am willing to get criticism, judgment, because a man also
understands if he wants to follow his own path, that doesn’t follow the
crowd then he needs to also have the balls to stand up for what he
believes in and take the consequences on the chin.
I don’t see it even as a price to pay. I see it as freedom. Real freedom

because freedom isn’t something you get. You live it from within and out
right now, this moment.
You don’t live in then moment because you fear the future, you fear
rejection, you build big picture of what might not happen or might
happen - the rejecton, the pain, the ego being hurt because that’s what it
is all about. Your ego.
2. You weren’t honest
You needed to ensure from the very beginning to let the girl know you
desire her and if she is not interested, awesome.
Do not…ask for her number. No point in asking for her number and get
that “let’s be friends” out of your head too.
I am open from day one, from then moment I set my eyes on a woman.
From the day a woman I am attracted to sends me a message. From the
moment we write to each other, or text, or talk.
It is know to women what I desire and texting, the phone call is nothing
more than to make that understanding clear, to arouse more, to let her
know how it’s going to go down, and down I will go on her when we’re
alone. I don’t hide anything. I am not apologetic about my desires and
they have every right to walk way.
That is what the texting and phone is for when it comes to these matter.
You’d never see me being a pathetic of man who has to ask when to kiss,
when to get physical and when to fuck. It ne known before we even met
and we don’t have these kind of problems so many have nbecause they
are not honest, they are pretending, they live in fear and they follow
social norms, a dating process cause nothing but anxiety, depression and
room for manipulative games.
The text and phone is a tool to help make the understanding clear,
removing awkwardiness, revealing boundaries, having a clear cut
understanding how it’s going to go down and why.
But since none of that happened…
3. You are not a priority
She doesn’t know what you feel and she doesn’t know you see her this
way. Maybe she does but she wants you to say it. Or hope you don’t say it.
No one knows until you communicate with her.
But you need to ask yourself..
Did you behave in a manner to show youd desire her?
Did she give you the number with this understanding and it was cleared
when you texted later and talked on phone with her?
Did you ﬂirt, sexualise, make your intent clear again?
Yes, even mention you’re going to have babies together and push it.
I do and I don’t give a damn if they suddenly run and hide. It’s ﬁne. It’s
ok. They made it easier for me to move on. I date women who got
humour, who can ﬂirt and they are my equal not timid and pretending to

be a princess from Disney. Like I got to now be some nice guy, pretending
I don’t have these desires because mummy and daddy, Cosmo magazine
and Hollywood said only bad boys do that.
That’s why I am direct.
It makes it loud and clear what my intent is, what I want and I’m going to go for
what I want. It doesn’t mean I always will because human nature, we have a will
power and choice. There are other things involved like the brain, hormones and
chemicals and pre-selection.
What it does mean is… I never have to resort in lying to myself and the women I
am approaching or to women..who pursue me.
However, if you’re honest with yourself you’d see you have been hiding your
desire and feelings from her.
You haven’t been honest with your intentions with her.
You come here and ask people who are strangers on whether she is interested in
you or not….when you are a phone call away to ﬁnd out but you don’t. You behave
passive. You behave like you’re not worthy to even ask.
You behave like the majority of guys who lack conﬁdence in themselves and you
can rationalise with everything, from looks, height, you got this illness and that
background and so forth.
The way most do.
You’re not honest with a girl you are attracted to?
You want to start this oﬀ with lies, deceptions and games?
Seriously?
Is that how you see her?
Is this how you want to start something amazing if she says yes?
With deception?
That she isn’t good enough for you or you are not good enough for her to be
honest and open with her?
Every human being likes to know where they stand. It’s simple basic etiquette. No
one likes to be manipulated and lied to.
No one really likes to ﬁnd someone has been pretending who they are with them.
I’m sure she won’t like that if she found out you’re hiding your true intention with
why you text her.
I make sure any interaction with a woman I am attracted to comes from a place in
which from day one, she knows I am attracted to her.
That is before I ask for her number.
That way you know where you stand.
But you don’t know where you stand because you haven’t been honest with her,
and yet you expect for her to make you a priority.
I get so many guys saying the reason why I attract women is because of either
looks, either height, either this or that, the superﬁcial bullshit stuﬀ.
No.

Conﬁdence, it’s rare. I mean real conﬁdence. I mean knowing who you are.
Having this certainty that no matter what a woman says to you, it does not
diminish anything of who you think you are.
That is her perception.
That is her belief system.
That is her upbringing.
That is her mind and her mind categorises, organises, ﬁlters, screens and
muddles up what she sees and believes what she sees is what it is.
When really it is her unconscious and so that is data and her data is incorrect as
always if she tries to judge someone who she hasn’t took the time to know, to
date, to be intimate with and have a history with him, whether short or long.
That is why I always say, “if you’re reality is bigger, nothing what someone says or
behaves can shake you..”
To believe your reality in your mind is bigger than rejection, to know yourself, to
believe in yourself to such that if a woman says no, or she got a boyfriend, or she
is not ready, whatever - does not say fuck all to who you are.
It says a lot to who she is and where she wants to be in life and that is all. It is only
her choice about HER life not yours, about her reality not yours, about her
attitude and not yours.
It doesn’t mean she is better than you.
It doesn’t mean she is out of your league.
It means she is just excercising her right to choose and say yes or no. The way you
can excercise the right to move on if she doesn’t behave in a manner that you see
ﬁt.
Yes, we men can walk away as well. We men can say no to spending anymore time
with women who isn’t showing eﬀort and interest.
So forget asking people here if she’s interested.
Find your balls and get the ﬁrst step right.
1. Approach her face to face and ﬁnd out from her.
2. Be conﬁdent in yourself. Show you are diﬀerent to other guys who are
afraid to show their intent, their vulnerability and their desire for who
they are attracted,
3. Don’t hide your desire, show it, say it, be direct and she will say yes or no.
4. If no, awesome because you can how leave it alone and move on.
5. If yes then you need to be ready in your mind on what to do next to move
forward and show her your a man who knows how to lead.
Billions of women on this planet and you’re dancing around like you got all the
time in the world.
You haven’t.
The day we were born, we became old.
Approach her, make your intent clear ﬁrst and forget asking everyone else to read
her mind. No one can.
16.4k Views · View Upvoters

When I approach girls and being fun and playful I am labeled as
a player womanizer man and I'm not taken seriously by them
what do you think of that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What I think about that?
I think your attitude and mindset needs work because someone who truly has a
learning mindset will ask this..
“I approached girls this way and that way, but it’s not working. How can I improve?
What steps do I need to take to improve?”
Then you bang the details needed for us to see as I wasn’t there when you
approached the girls.
I wasn’t there, I won’t know.
You are still in stages like most guys…doubtful.
You don’t believe whatever you are doing works. That’s why you ask..
“I was playful and fun, girls said blah blah, so what you got to say about that?”
Think for a moment, think, how you asked this question. Look at how you
phrased it. It shows you’re in doubt about yourself.
Forget the girls. Look at your mindset. Look deep inside of yourself.
This is doubt man. This is not certainty about what you’re doing. You approach
with that mindset out there, you’ll get hit hard.
You do it like it’s a test…
“I’ll try it.”
I don’t try. I KNOW what I am doing and I do it with 100% certainty.
You won’t believe the amount of hours, days, weeks, months and years it took to
aply what I know today. I broke this bitch apart to it’s most smallest component
and learnt step step.
I applied what I unravelled day in and out, in diﬀerent dynamics to such I don’t
even HAVE TO approach women today but I do it to keep my knowledge and skill
sharp. I also love approaching women.
I don’t get much rejection but when I do, I am laughing my head oﬀ. I am happy. I
don’t care because I got the options.
But for you, you have doubt.
Your state of frame is weak. You are looking for a response, validation and you ask
what girls said and what I think about it.
That means you are unsure of yourself, uncertain of what you’re doing and lack
belief in your method, your approach.
I have the self belief and I am certain of my process.
As for what girls said - I don’t give a damn what girls and women say. They say
one thing and the next they are giving some guy a blow job or at home,
masturabating on a pillow or toys hidden under their bed, then pretending to be
all princess from Disney to protect their sexual image out in world.
One minute they are calling one guy player and next they are riding someone in
bedroom. You get what I am saying?

I don’t take stock in what women say to me when I approach. It is their
perception, their attitude but I never had a woman say that to me for 25 years.
Oh sure, I had some women here thinking they can take me on with their
righteous bigoted messages and then run and hide back where they came from,
but apart from that, haven’t had that for 25 years.
Only time I had it when I lacked knowledge, specialised skill, lack of experience
because right now, I can tell who is who from a mile oﬀ to even approach such
girls who like to pretend they are in Disney or Bollywood movie, thinking a prince
is going to be all gentlemanly, and roll the red carpet for them.
The reason they say that to you is….of your approach.
Before you send me questions like that, have the following in your details in a
comment under question…
1. What is your level of knowledge regarding women psychology. In other
words, how much you invested in such knowledge?
2. What do you know about the emotional progression of women?
3. Name, step by step the process of the progresson.
4. How many girls have you approached in total?
5. How many do you approach in a week?
6. How do you approach, step by step, in detail?
7. Show me your conversation pattern from begining to end, and if it leads
anywhere else like text, phone, etc, include these too
8. What is playful and fun mean to you and how you do it, step by step?
9. How do you transition from this to conversation. How long does it take?
10. Name the dynamics you approach girls i.e. college, night club, street,
where?
What I don’t want to hear is what girls/women say. I don’t give a damn what they
say. Like it’s suppose to be some truth when it’s not.
They are more than players than you can even imagine, with two languages. One
to keep their pretty reputation wearing social masks to make themselves
accepted by society, their friends, and one for the guys who can satisfy their
desires, sexual fantasies, they so love everyone to know they haven’t got because
they are princess, fragile, good little girls, and so special and diﬀerent to everyone
else.
Nothing wrong with it because world is judgmental so they got to survive, protect
their image, their sexual image or they won’t be able to be accepted, ﬁt in and also
it avoids being ostracised, judged, isolated by their own social
group/friends/relatives and other women, and at work etc.
They know exactly what I am talking about.
However, I have no time for their bullshit and so they know they won’t even try
that on me. They know due to how I behave.
They know due to what I write on Quora.
To one guy they’ll say he’s a player, to another, they are all over him for knowing
what he wants and knows how to express what he wants in an attractive manner,
that is playful and fun.
To one guy they won’t do much but to some guy, an ex, they will let go of their
morality, guilt and shame and hope to god he chases them and has sex, and be in

relationship with them again.
You don’t need me to says. Just look at questions on Quora.
It’s all there for you to see.
You being playful and fun will be deﬁnitely diﬀerent to how I am playful and fun
because I come with knowledge, specialised skills and 25 years of experience, and
a conﬁdence that doesn’t give a damn what girls and women think in regards to
judging someone for what is natural.
They got a lot to talk when they pre-select men.
All I give a damn about is Fuck yes or Fuck no, anything else, they can keep their
mouth shut and get out the way for me to approach the next girl. Like I am going
to change, get distracted, learn, grow because some girls said I am this and that.
I don’t care if 100 girls said that or a thousand.
You see the diﬀerence between you and me.
You come here asking what I think if what girls said.
I don’t give a damn what any girl or woman say.
They come with their own perception, own insecurities, own guilt and shame
regarding sex. They have been sold a lie from day one. They have their own
conditioning and you think I am going to suddenly take what girls say as
something when I got enough examples in my life, dating multiple women,
young women?
Of course not.
What I care about is this - is I found out what I need to know….Yes…or No.
Move forward or move on.
Therefore, you need to ﬁrst sort your mindset out.
Bang the answer to what I asked for in a way to learn so you can improve.
865 Views · View Upvoters

I told my best friend that I love her and she told me that her
feelings were and still are caught between two people. Her ex
and me. What do I do now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the story of your life. Pay attention because this is how it goes with this girl
you are asking about..
1. You wait and you become her emotional support. You wait like some
needy, clingy guy which reveals to her that you have no options out
there.
2. She tells you that her ex is in the picture and this is her way to ensure
that if anything happens with you, and she leaves, you knew from day
one what the deal is and it was your fault for even bothering with her and
….”well I did say I am still into my ex..”
3. She’s a girl, with emotional baggage and someone to stay well away from
but problem with nice guys is, they are just gutless to approach girls out
there and so, they have no options. They lack resources.
You then behave in scarcity mode and even…yes..even…put time into a

girl who is still into her ex and even insults you by telling you she is and
knows very well, you are so desperate you’ll wait.
4. So you wait for her and wait and wait and wait. She might even date you
for a week and if sex happens or not, she feels a pull.
5. Yes, she’s emotionall up her ass invested in her ex. She is in her cooling
period, and so she is back and forth, back and forth with you and him.
With you it is all talk but with her ex, she is going down on him, riding
him, doing all the sex positions and then comes to you for emotional
support, and pretends you are her boyfriend.
6. When she has had enough with you, then she will throw you away
because she only saw you as..
A) A backup
B) A standby
C) A throw away because she has yet to ﬁnd someone more exciting,
amazing, than her ex and you.
7. After some back and forth, she goes back to her ex-boyfriend and leaves
you so messed up in head, you feel depressed.
8. She later dumps her ex-boyfriend, and no, she doesn’t come to you. She
meets some guy out there and she doesn’t tell him she is into her ex still
because she knows this guy is more valuable than her ex and more
valuable than you.
She knows if she tries that bullshit on him, he’ll dump her ass right there
and then and walk away as he has options. He has no time for girls who
don’t know what they want and who are carrying baggage.
And with him, wow, she behaves so diﬀerent. I mean seriously, she
behaves in all the mannerism and actionss that you so wanted but she
does it all with this guy!
That is the story of your life but it doesn’t have to be.
You can…
1. Be smart and do not keep in touch with her again
2. Tell her you don’t care and moving on
3. Approach other girls who are available and not with emotional baggage,
and with ex in the picture
4. And you have a peace of mind and less drama. No I didn’t say you will be
completely away from drama but it be far less than being involved and
being desperate with a girl who tells you she’s still into her ex and
deciding which one.
You’d move on because you got self respect and know your value, to ever let a girl
say that to you and still be standing with her. You’d walk and approach other girls
because you know you deserve better than that bullshit.
You decide which story you want to live and create but don’t ever say you didn’t
know the drama that’s ahead of you, and headache, and pain, and frustrations if
you still waiting for the girl who is still heavily emotionally invested in her ex.
A girl who is so into you, will never say that to you.
She won’t insult you because she is so terriﬁed of losing you.

For her to say that to any guy, shows she is not into that guy and shows she sees
his value very low. So low, she can walk all over him and he will still be there
waiting for her.
Hopefully, you are smarter.
17.4k Views · View Upvoters

Someone told me she doesn't think she can love anyone and
she's emotionally unavailable. That's why she wants ﬂings.
Does it mean she is heartless?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Look. Don’t even think just because she’s spending time with you, texting you
and all that, that you are going to be someone diﬀerent and change her.
She told you this for a reason. Wake up and understand girls language.
She’s telling you this because she wants you to pound her hard and you are not
even listening and got too much Disney in your head,
She has literally told you..
“BE A MAN! I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME. MAKE YOUR MOVE!”
That’s her and nothing wrong with her. That’s her life, what she wants out of life
and it’s best to not try and change anyone. It’s best not to think you are someone
special, diﬀerent that suddenly she will change for you.
She’s telling you how it is, and she’s telling you her desire and if you can’t
stomache that, best you then don’t bother because if you’re that nice guy type,
fall in love type, Disney hollywood type, think you can change her, forget it.
Listen to what she is saying.
She’s telling you how it’s going to be if you get yourself involved with her.
It doesn’t matter if she got heart broken, this or that.
This is who she is .
So don’t think you’re some diﬀerent guy with miracle pill to shape her into a
girlfriend for long-term with you because if you’re honest, that is why you are
asking this question.
Take what she says as that’s who…she…is…and desires from life.
You desire her? Yes? Make your move now, fast. Move the text into ﬂirting,
painting what can happen sexually in an indirect way ﬁrst, turn her on and the
lead to meeting her and sorted.
If you don’t, just have fun texting and ﬂirting. She’ll get bored of you soon enough
as girls like her, conﬁdent girls, girls who know what they want get bored of
passive-aggressive guys who take too long and slow, timid type.
So decide what you want and make your move or don’t.
Just know if you desire her, being slow will turn her oﬀ and categorise you as a
pal, a friend, like…a…brother.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What mental illness involves anger issues, sudden mood swing,
etc?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions

Answered Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a mental illness that causes:
Intense mood swings
Impulsive behaviors
Severe diﬃculties with relationships
Poor feelings of self-worth.
Additionally…
People with this disorder often have other challenges in their lives with:
Depression
Eating disorders
Self-harm
Substance abuse
Also at high risk for suicide.
You can look it up for more details that will also provide diﬀeremt treatment such
as Cognitive behaviour therapy to other types of treatments.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

In relationship 5 months and he found out he’s not ready for
any relationship even he loves me. He’ll just focus on his own
life. Is the love real?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The infatuation is gone, and so he want’s that “New Relationship feeling.”
For me for example, when I meet a woman, I am infatuated with her but one
thing I make sure, is I ask myself can I fall in love with her, and I know I can
because of her personality. Though her look, body, feature attracted me to her, I
am also looking at whether I can fall in love with her, which is why I look deeper
later on in ﬁrst week, like her personality, her values, and so forth.
I’ll know fast that I can and I know what love is, I know diﬀerence what
infatuation is. I know when we had fucked a lot, and all that, it needs to be
deeper, and that New Relationship feeling will go and needs work, needs us to be
compatible, in such that we have similiar attitude to want to work together
towards our happiness.
That’s because I am older, wiser, lived and experienced so many things now, so I
look for deeper and more meaningful relationships with lovers.
But from what I am reading from your details it’s this..
1. He was infatuated
2. He experienced the lust
3. He now wants it again but with someone elsein the future
4. Everything else he said was just survival language the way women have
same survival language -to avoid conﬂict, awkwardiness and drama.
Now there is is nothing wrong with what he did except he didn’t really say the
real deal which is he doesn’t feel the same with you anymore.
It happens.

People desire diﬀerent things. People grow. People want to move on and so, there
is nothing wrong with that.
He met you. You dated, He said he loved you but you need to appreciate, love is
not enough.
Women can say “i love you” but if she’s immature, if she doesn’t understand love
is not enough, and thinks infatuation is love for it to fade out then she’ll want to
move on to experience this again.
We call this the Disney eﬀect.
Thinking love is enough.
The way you phrased it, saying how he said love in the ﬁrst few months like it’s
suppose to be enough, like love is supposed to hold it together, when really, in the
real world, love is not enough.
It needs a person to have maturity, it needs a person to desire to be with you into
the long future, to see you as a woman he desires to build a future with. It needs
experience, knowledge and skill.
Maybe you dated someone young, a young guy and most young guys are
emotionally instable, immature, and just want the experience and after 5 months
they become distant or even less, and you ﬁnd yourself stuck because nothing is
going on.
There is no communication.
There isn’t emotional connection thats deep.
You feel like something is missing or you don’t know where it is going and feel
stuck, frustrated and you even get to a stage where you don’t care anymore if he
stays or goes but it still hurts, it will still pain you when you break up but one of
you got to have courage to move on, or you stay stuck.
So maybe you met someone who is young, wants to experience more, wants
someone new, wants to move on and all he said, was just nothing but an excuse
for that.
He won’t say like most women don’t say “I am not in love with you anymore and I
don’t feel it anymore so I am moving on.”
Usually with women and immature guys it’s some excuse, like they are busy, like
they got to ﬁnd love within themselves kind of bullshit talk or they want to ﬁx
their life, or they got to do this and that.
But really it’s the same thing - it’s over.
There is no “shallow.” There ois no “he thinks he can get away.”
He’s not anyone’s property and no one has anyone. He has a choice, he made his
choice but he just didn’t really say it in an honest fashion.
He will see someone else in the future. No one can control chemicals and being
infatuated by someone else. He’s just saying it to avoid conﬂict with you or trying
to let you down easily and without much drama.
See it that it is over and you now move on.
Don’t cause drama. Let him go because if he one day does desire you again, the
bridge hasn’t been burnt BUT do not wait for him. Move on.
It happens. That’s life.
It’s not about him getting away with anything.

This is a backward thinking where people make sex as some trophy.
People come in and out of your life. That is how it is and you will have this for a
while until you meet someone who truly wants to be with you and build a future
with you.
Nothing is guaranteed.
You do ﬁnd men who will project future and if they do, with showing action,
behaviour consistenly, then that’s a man who is very serious about you.
But this guy doesn’t want to settled down, and he doesn’t want what you want, a
long term years of relationship. Noting wrong with that.
Best just to let go and move on, without looking into it so deeply.
All the best.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

She claims she has loved me for a long time, though she has had
a boyfriend that whole time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Translated..
“I have had my fun now. I have had tons of sex with this guy and well, it has ran
it’s course and you are…a…backup…a standby…a throw away. You know, when I
don’t ﬁnd what I want, I got you up my ass, ready to use as backup until..I dump
your ass for the guy I really…really….really…want to be with.”.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

If all "bad" people alive were removed from the world, would
evil disappear or be replaced by the remaining "good" people?
Is “badness” inherent or based on circumstances, and could it
ever be fully eradicated?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What makes you think good people haven’t got a bad inside them?
Because they have.
We all do. The diﬀerence comes with a lot of factors which I won’t go into but one
thing for sure, if there wasn’t bad, I won’t be growing in life and know I got balls
to do what most won’t because it’s easy to cheat, lie, betray, steal, use people etc.
That doesn’t mean I am perfect either. I make mistakes but not as big as what
most do and go around leaving a long path of heart breaks.
Just because someone is nice, doesn’t mean they all good. That’s like saying we
are 100% perfect. It doesn’t exist.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How would you convince someone that you truly love your
signiﬁcant other without mentioning speciﬁc actions they've
done?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I never had anyone ask this question to me. Sounds to me you either hanging
around immature people and or you seem like someone so dying for validation to
prove to people.

None of anyone’s fucking business how I love someone and second, I won’t go
around telling people I love so, so.
Honestly, why make things hard for yourself, trying to prove things to people.
No one asked me this question, ever, because I don’t lead it to this situation and
you do. You do it either you’re too excited or you seek some validsation response
from people.
I won’t tell them nor prove a damn thing.
Then again, I won’t be in this position anyway.
Maybe the question is, why are people asking you this question? More like it is
due to your own behaviour and so you get such feedback from people.
It’s really not a question. It’s more of..
“oh please, shut the hell up with how you love so, so. It’s so irritating..”
Have a feeling that’s what’s really happening when people asking you that
question. They kind of tired hearing you talk about it.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I was dumped by my girlfriend because I didn't lend her money.
Is this normal?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s normal if you’re dating a girlfriend when she doesn’t see you as a
boyfriend. She wasn’t into you the way you are into her. Already had ideas in her
head to move on and this was just an excuse to do so.
So yes, it’s normal but then again…
There would have been other ﬂags already before this that alerted you but you
probably just overlooked it.
Feel lucky, real lucky because if you two moved in together and had children,
you’re life would be in one hell of a mess.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do I say to a girl that says she can't love me until she loves
herself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You believe in this incorrect behaviour of Disney, that there is this one girl out
there, and so you wait for her. You haven’t learnt from other guys mistakes.
Adam Taha's answer to How does a guy avoid the friendzone?
Adam Taha's answer to Why is that girls like to date a "bad guy" and make friends
with a "good guy"?
Adam Taha's answer to When friendzoned, should I ask the girl to set me up with
someone else?
Adam Taha's answer to How do you know when you are going into the
friendzone?
It is diﬀerent if a girl says..
“I want you. I desire you. I want you so bad, please give me sometime, maybe a
month or so but I do want you, and I do love you.”

No problem. A month or so is no problem because she has shown intent. She has
shown she desires you in the same way you desire her.
Let me put it to you as a man in the real world…you goal is to ﬁrst get good at
approaching girls and avoid this idea that there is this “one girl,” because how on
earth are you ever going to learn about yourself, learning the skills needed in
approaching, ﬂirting, dating, relationship, sex etc.
You’re not here to be their therapist.
They got family. There is an industry for that kind of help.
Girls are very good at seducing guys like yourself - the guy who falls in love before
a girl even shows interest in that way and like…is not attraction. Like is not even
close to attraction.
They can see you coming from a mile oﬀ.
She is categorising you as a “friend,” for emotional support.
Move on and approach other girls and let her deal with her shit, because if you
keep going with her, you’ll build comfort not attraction.
You don’t love a girl who has yet to invest in you in same way.
Invest less in beginning to see her intent.
She has shown her intent. It is a rejection.
If it was another guy, she’ll jump at the chance. She doesn’t feel it with you. Move
on and approach other girls or you will learn the hard way why a girl says to later
on..
“I don’t see you that way but as a friend, like..a…brother.”
Move on. Approach someone else.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

A month ago my girlfriend said she wasn't ready to kiss, when
will I know when she's ready?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A month ago?
How old are you two? 13, 15, 16?
Why is she calling you her boyfriend and why are you calling her girlfriend?
There is no diﬀerence between being a friend and romantic.
If you are into kissing and other intimate and she isn’t, then you got two choices.
Wait for her to be ready which I would never do but move on.
Or date a girl compatible to what you want in a relationship because it’s not just
about her, the way most like you to believe but also what you want.
That there, needed to be known in beginning.
So it looks to me, you have been doing all the chasing, being passive, behaving as
a friend and she has done nothing and really might not be that into you.
Do you really want to wait for someone to be ready?
Or do you want to be with someone compatible who desires same as you?
Personally…

Might as well just be buddies, pals, friends because she is behaving that way with
you.
Go and date a girl who is compatible to what you desire. It’s far easier.
You can’t change anyone and no point in doing so.
She’s not ready for any of “boyfriend” and so if you want that, best you date a girl
who is into you in that way because she isn’t.
Or did she date you for nothing more to let people know she has a boyfriend for
some status, or because everyone has a boyfriend and so, she needs one to carry
her bag for her, or to escort her like a princess.
Because what is the point she’s calling you her boyfriend and what’s the point in
you calling her your girlfriend?
This is no diﬀerence to being a friend with what I’m seeing here.
Friends walk together, no kissing, no holding hands, no intimacy of such nature.
So why is she calling you her boyfriend and why are you calling her your
girlfriend?
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

In the business world, do you see people as friends or people
that you can use?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In business, do you mean clients? If clients I see them as people who have a
problem they desire to solve. That I bring value to their lifes. Friendship doesn’t
really come into it. I’m not going to muddy the waters here or be someone who
bullshit people.
I see clients as clients who have a need and so I am valuable to them, and they
come to me because of that value, not because of friendship.
I have no qualms in making money and feeling guilty about it. It’s a business.
There are boundaries I have in place, so people know where they stand in regards
to business. People know to know the boundaries.
The key is being valuable, usesful, even if the person has a diﬀerent need and you
cannot provide it - you can still be helpful by directing them to someone else,
even if that someone is a competitor. I have made many amazing connections
with competitors because of this attitude and mindset.
I don’t get any income leading them to a provider but I do feel the satisfaction
that someone got the value they needed by me being helpful to them.
For people in general, I don’t see it as I want to use them. I approach in a diﬀerent
way. How can I be of value to them.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people take chances with love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends how you see love.
Some see it as way to ﬁll a void, like it’s suppose to complete and are selﬁsh in
that they believe that love is about taking, not giving, about imprisoning instead
of enjoying the moment with someone, like the person completes them rather
they need to complete themselves, to control rather to let go of possessiveness.

Most people talk about love and yet, their own words have nothing to do with love
because the ﬁrst step in love, is loving one-self.
Worse - they always talk about love like it’s suppose to be enough. Most people I
met who complain about love lack understanding about themselves, boundaries,
and most of all haven’t invested time in learning other skills to help love.
Their knowledge and skill to help love is so basic that no wonder they have no
idea to maintain a relationship anyway if it happens. And if it did happen, their
own self talk, own thinking, own neediess and lack of depth in their own lives
plays a part.
I mean to even ask “is it worth it” is fucked up.
You don’t know love if you ask that question and you never really knew it in the
ﬁrst place to ask such a question.
If you knew what love is, you’d know that, “is it worth it?” is a question that really
means “am I worth it?”
So really, it’s not about love but rather about your own thinking, own attitude,
how you approach life, people, boundaries and understanding how love is not
enough.
Love never said it’s enough.
Love never said it will save the day.
Love never said it conquers all.
Who said that?
Disney, Hollywood, myths, fallacies, legend made up stories, mummy and daddy,
ignorant friends and mainstream bullshit media.
They all say it because it makes a lot of money.
Always looking at external rather internal, blaming external like a victim than
rather looking inside.
“Is it worth it?” Let’s rephrase the question to it’s real meaning.
“Are you worth it?”
Love in the moment, love that person in the moment and if things change, love
yourself to appreciate life gave you a moment to love someone and they loved
you.
You want the rose, right?
Then accept the thorns.
You want good in life? Then accept the bad.
You want victory? Accept that you will fail as well.
Dark and light. Sun and the Moon. Yin and Yang.
So then accept what also comes with love, and don’t ask is love worth it.
The question is and will always be “are you worth it?”
If you don’t love yourself, then you will say “no.”
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

My long distance girlfriend, the woman I love is losing interest
in me. How can I convince myself to focus more on me instead

of worrying about her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Long distance works but the way most people approach it and also the type of
people who approach it is a bit messed up.
1. You need to ﬁrst have options where you are locally. That means date
locally and let the person know this is how it goes. That means, you are
also dating locally and the person locally needs to know you’re
connected with someone long distance. If they don’t like it they move
on. They too cannnot promise because even local, people jump in and
out of relationship. Don’t close that door until you get something strong
going on.
Don’t believe me, look on Quora on how many are in local relationships
and falling for someone else and calling it love, when it’s infatuation.
Love takes time to grow, lots of communication, deep intimacy, time
span longer than a second of chemicals kicking oﬀ.
You need to date locally because you can invest lots of time with long
distance. Let’s say you invested 3 years and they dissappear and nothing
happens. It was all going great but they just can’t keep their their act
together.
Where does that leave you?
Live in the moment and the real world and you’ll ﬁnd yourself wise,
smart and also attract girls of the same understanding, who have staying
power than most will ever have.
2. You need to have very strong communicaton skills and seduction skills.
Most don’t have these skills and haven’t lived life to such an extent to be
able to converse in a manner that can go on for years.
This type of conversation skills is a science.
It took me years to develop and master, to such I have my own process,
own system and structure to enrich a woman’s experience emotionally,
sexually for her pussy to go wet and her body tingle, and to feel
alive..without..touching her.
How many young men and older do that?
Believe me, not may.
It’s not like you are talking anyone, which we call small talk. It is an
artform which I have learnt for over the years and even got my own
journals with notes on what works.
Learn how to converse in a manner in which you can capture one’s
emotions and imaginations. It’s a lot more fun, exciting, arousing but
you need conﬁdence. It needs boldness and it’s not for the passiveaggressive, shy and timid.
I have no problem with women communicating with me for 5 years and
we meet. I have that knowledge and skill. But I also date other women
locally. My long distance lovers knows this too. I was and have always
been honest and open from the beginning.

Honesty also needs courage to accept who you are and I like to always be
that way. It gets rid of women who fell for the Disney and Hollywood
eﬀect.
3. You need to be busy with your life. I mean have a greater purpose,
passion, make lots of friends locally, meet up with them, focus on
building your future, generate income, and all this keeps you busy
building your life, whether your lovers stays connected or not.
Focus always on your life and don’t lose sight of that.
Believe me, when you are busy, you won’t have time worrying and being
clingy with someone, or worry of someone can only give even 1 hour a
week or just one ﬂeeting message of two paragraphs a week. You’ll be
busy building your life but also let the person know you are. Let them
know it’s got nothing to do withn them but rather you are busy.
Dom’t make busy as an excuse to not communicate and let them know
your world, so they understand.
Imagine, when you get your life in order ﬁnancially too, you can meet
more, you can do show your world and be able to have a better rich
experience.
4. If you want her to focus on you, don’t work it to focus on you. Instead,
focus on giving her an amazing experience in conversation, be patient to
learn and know how to do this.
Learn to capture her emotions and ignite her imagination. Turn her on
with words. Arouse her, get her body tingling, and her pussy wet just by
your words. That takes knowledge and skill. So don’t force it where you
become clingy, pushing her for more this or that.
Instead make her feel alive for her to want to on her own accord, because
she just loves the energy, the feelings, how she feels when she connects
with you. How you do thisn? Learn. Figure it out. Seek the knowledge
regarding this matter.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a "popular" guy go for a not-so-popular girl? Is there
something in her that makes her special and diﬀerent from the
other girls he’s used to hanging out with?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, there is something special about her.
Let’s say, if I was a teen in school/college..
1. She’s special because I’m interested in her
2. She’s diﬀerent because I am attracted to her
3. She’s smart
4. She got her head screwed right on her shoulders
5. She’s not a follower of trends and crowd
6. She’s sexy as hell even if she doesn’t wear brand clothes.
7. She can hold a conversation
8. She tells me “I will fuck you so hard, ride you like no woman ever has”

9. She’s exciting because she isn’t popular
10. In fact, if she was popular, I won’t give a shit who she is
11. But because she isn’t doing what 95% of teen does, and she’s not falling
for the tan look and guys who walk like they got something up their
asses, and is into guys who are going somewhere in life, I see her unique,
special and diﬀerent
12. And when we have sex, OMG, she knows how to satisfy a guy and loves a
guy who knows how to satisfy a girl.
Just choose one of these, and that’s enough to make “popular” look so cheap, I
can go and buy it at some store for $1.
Fuck popularity. Give me a girl who is into me so deep, and into what I am into,
and popularity can go and kiss it’s ass for all I care.
That’s how I thought in school and I still think this way today.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it unattractive for a girl to be extremely shy and awkward?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unattractive?
I won’t even notice you, never nind being unattractive. In fact, I’d think you’re
invisible. Think about it for a moment.
1. You’re extremely shy
2. You’re awkward
So this means, if you like a guy or girl, you won’t do a damn thing about it. You’ll
not even smile, not even look at the person, nothing, nada, zip.
I’d walk right past you and not think twice.
Not because of anything but this..
1. You don’t acknowledge me
2. You don’t show interest in me
3. So why would I show interest in you then?
Now, it can be the other way too.
I walk up to you and start a conversation because I am attracted to you but here’s
the thing. I’m a conﬁdent guy and I’m also direct too.
I’m also high sexual who by the way, don’t give a damn what any girl, woman
think if they try and judge me and label me for way I approach.
So I approach and..
1. Your head is down
2. You don’t talk
3. I try more
4. You don’t talk
Ok then, make it hard and I just walk away and approach someone else.
That’s really it.

Now hey, someone might say, “yeah but shy and awkward will ﬁnd someone who
likes that.”
Great. Awesome. Hope the girl does but I know the world I live in and I know
when someone is socially awkward, extremely shy, they are going to have a hard
time when it comes to attracting someone to them to date.
But hey, if it works for you, great.
However, you’re asking because…it doesn’t work for you ;)
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

I was denied and rejected by a guy because he said I'm fat and
unattractive but, he won't leave me be, he is obsessed with me;
why does he harass me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already know the answer.
From your comment..
“The things is I fucked him and he ejaculated after 5/6 min.I expressed my
concerns by telling him I wasn’t satisﬁed and that hurt his feelings.”
So you know the answer to why…
1. You had sex with him
2. He came like a few minutes later, 5/6 mins.
3. You said you’re not satisﬁed etc cetre
4. He got his ego hit
5. Now he is getting you back for doing so and isn’t going to stop
People can think logic…
“Oh but he should get over this.” or “it’s his problem.”
That’s logic.
This is about emotions. He’s not looking at it logically. The way you didn’t and
then later did by apologising but it’s too late.
He has heard what you said.
There we go.
You knew the answer ;)
I think you just wanted to vent which is also ok to do so. Sometimes it’s good to do
so and clear your head of the bullshit you face in world.
17.3k Views · View Upvoters

It hurts to see my best friend with another guy, Should I give
her space and leave her alone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A young girl is brought up . She mingles with people in the village/city i.e her
relatives, mother, father, brothers and sisters. There is a diﬀerent kind of
chemicals that kick oﬀ within her mind and body.
Yes, it is biological, psychological and physiological.

Her brain immediately sees something or someone, and will:
1. Filter
2. Organise
3. Categorise
4. Label
So depending on the way one is perceived and how they behave, and depending
on the information, experiences and all the stuﬀ in her unconscious mind, her
brain will judge, it will categorise and label to behave in a certain manner to what
she sees.
There will be diﬀerent chemicals released.
They are a diﬀerent kind to attraction.
It makes her feel comfortable and get her to categorise a guy as a friend, a pal, like
a brother.
Attraction is diﬀerent.
It makes her feel excited, her heart racing, her body tingling, a warm ﬁre building
up with intensity spreading all through her body, down down to through her belly
and to her pussy. It makes her lick her lips. It turns her on.
All those feeling come together to a level that even if she met someone right now
and it clicks..it makes sense. That she got to be with that guy because this guy has
captured her emotions and ﬁred up her imagination to wonder of all the
experiences she can have with this one guy.
So comfortable and attraction are diﬀerent.
The danger. The excitement. The daring.
The emotions she feels when it is attraction is something far diﬀerent to the
chemicals that she FEELS with someone she feels is like a brother, a friend, a pal.
Her mind collects the data and creates an understanding of this pattern.
She knows what he might look like. She knows how he might behave. What is
certain 100% is how he will make..her..feel.
Butterﬂies in her stomach ;) is what she will feel.
He gets her head spinning. He makes her feel alive. She can’t get him out of her
mind. She has to be with this guy.
But there, in the midst of the hustle and bustle of life is a guy but what happens
is, he approaches in a manner that is…comfortable.
Instead of butterﬂies, it’s more of a “meh, ok.”
Instead of excitement, it’s more of a “hmmm, ok.”
Instead of her mind spinning, it’s more of a “hmm, ok.”
Instead of being the surprise, the excitement, he approaches her in a manner that
triggers the chemicals that instantly is about comfort, the brotherly, the friend,
the pal type of behaviour is being projected.
And so, his behaviour is far too familiar:
1. Like a friend
2. Like a brother

3. Like her girl-friend
He also behaves in the following manner:
1. Passsive-aggressive
2. Hides his intent
3. Lacks conﬁdence
4. Too available
5. Being nice to impress
6. He is at her beck and call
7. Behaving like a Therapist and she is the Patiant
Thus, she categorises him as someone who can provide for diﬀerent need. No, not
the romantic. Not the sexual but rather the same things she goes for her brother,
sister and girl-friends for.
Emotional support.
She categorises him as the guy for emotional..support because that is why she
seeks her brother, her sister, her relatives and her friends for.
To share and talk about her sorrows, her challenges, her experiences about some
guy she is dating, her job, all the things that are personal and so, that is what she
does with this guy who behaves like..a..brother…like a friend…like her…girlfriends.
Since all the people around her either behave in this manner or similar, or she
hasn’t really connected with them…she ventures out of the familiar place.
She goes out to other social circles and meets many guys whho behave in such a
way that the chemicals that kick oﬀ is the friend type, brother type, sister type
and like a friend
She recognises this pattern.
She’s seen it many a time from and her brain identiﬁes that this behaviour in
these guys is…like her brother..like her friends..like her girl-friends.
Comfortable. Safe. Just “meh, ok.”
Deep down in her unconscious mind, she has collected information whether
from reading romance ebooks, watching movies, hearing about guys who sweep
her oﬀ her feet and make her FEEL in a certain way.
These guys don’t do that for her.
She cannot feel the adventure with them in life will be what she so wants to feel.
Everything is telling her to just behave as a sister to them and seduce them to
behave like a brother to her.
Yes, she knows what she’s doing.
She is psychologically seducing these men.
Don’t ever believe a girl/woman doesn’t know this. They will scream, shout,
write, sayu whatever but they do this.
They do this for a reason - pre-selecting the type of man to be with in a romantic
and sexual way. She will have many orbit around her. The abundance of such
guys are plenty wherever she goes.
But one day a guy approaches and he is like the storm and suddenly, she feels
something entirely diﬀerent.

1. Excitement
2. Power
3. Strength
4. Conﬁdence
5. Playful
6. Fun
7. Challenging
It draws her in.
He has sexual appeal..
1. Conﬁdence
2. Sexually aggresive (playful and smart in conversaton)
3. Humour
He knows the language of women. He knows how to speak in a way that
penetrates their mind and body with just words alone.
He is the man that is…prepared.
He didn’t wait when a woman he desires appeared or when the woman he desires
likes some guy. He learnt early on and has the experience.
She tries to psychologically seduce him to be timid…
But she couldn’t. It didn’t work.
She tried to do the same to him as she did to others but..it doesn’t work. She tries
to categorise him as a friend but it doesn’t work.
She tries to psychologically seduce him with her smiles, tonality and even her
body language to get more time with him face to face to talk about her
problems…..it just doesn’t work.
He has shown his intent and he wants a FUCK YES or a FUCK NO or he’s gone.
He’s moving on. He is not going to give her anymore time.
He always invests less.
He doesn’t spend time falling in love with a girl who has yet to invest in him by
being certain to behave in a romantic and sexual way with him.
It is either a FUCK YES or FUCK NO.
What will it be as he’s going to move on?
He lets her know he is not here for emotional support.
It is either a Yes or a No or forget it. He’s moving on.
He has options. He’s not her friend or her brother. He makes sure she knows that
by his behaviour, his escalation in his words and his tonality.
What does she feel with this type of guy?
She feels excited, she feels ﬁre in her stomach, butterﬂies, she blushes when she
thinks of him. She loves his conﬁdence and it looks like he can attract other girls
too. So if she doesn’t say yes, he’s will move on.
Her brain categorises him as a lover.
That’s who she dates and be with in a romantic and sexual relationship.

As for the other guy who behaved like a brother…like a friend…like her girlfriend…he invested more. He played it safe.
He watched far too much Hollywood, Bollywood movies.
He behaved like her brother and so his opportunity is lost.
He will only be her emotional support and when a guy is at this place, it is very
diﬃcult to get out of because to do so, he has to change.
He has to also change her perception of him and a perception that took time for
her to build up and conﬁrm he is like a brother…a…sister…a friend..like a
girlfriend.
In other words, you had your chance and played it safe and to try to behave
diﬀerent now will only go against you.
4k Views · View Upvoters

My dad passed away. I've just talked to a classmate/friend. She
knows the news. Why didn't she send her condolences or say
anything about it? Is the way she acted normal? We’re only 16
after all. Am I egoistic and entitled?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My condolences.
Because she may not know how to express and feels uncomfortable to do so.
There are other factors like her own personality, maybe she has experience in
such things and makes her feel uncomfortable.
Second, how much time you spent knowing her, investing time knowing her for
that to happen anyway. Most in school don’t spend time getting to know someone
and probably you’re socially awkward yourself with her and most people.
From what I see, you want validation, you tell people to want some response.
That’s what this is really about - a response. You are in an emotional state, and so
you need a response but really, it’s best to spend time healing, grieving and not
looking for rections from people.
Sometimes silence is a good response.
In a movie I once watched, the line was..
“Some turned up and as they do to funerals, they act weird. Some talk about the
person. Some talk about themselves. Others give condolences but there are those
who are silent, and in their own way sharing what they feel. Sometimes silence is
more powerful than words. Sometimes it’s all you need to say..”
Maybe this is her way.
Best to spend your time grieving, healing and not looking for responses.
Remembering the good times, and growing to heal. Give yourself time and to
avoid seeing things like how people behave and react.
You’re time is better spent elsewhere.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't people help each other?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why don't most people help others?

There is a lot of people out there that I know who help people. Many of them.

“Most” is a big word and so “Most” will come from where you are, in the
environment you live and your own personal experience.
But from my experience..
Sometimes, most people don’t want help but want fast ﬁxes. Some people are
ungrateful and behave in a manner of entitlement.
The way they ask for help. They haven’t even given time to know someone and
even then, the way to ask for help is a skill in itself.
Even then, one must appreciate if they want help from busy people, people of
expertise, experience, knowledge, then better to ensure you ﬁrst show you’re
interest in them in many ways and they will recipocrate in desiring to help.
End of the day we are human beings. We got emotions. We got feelings and we are
busy in our own lives too. We come with a collection of thoughts and past
experiences regarding this matter.
We are busy. I got right now 10 manuals I have to write which are very detailed on
diﬀerent areas on dating, for diﬀerent customers. I got websites and I got
consulting to do, and on it goes.
Most people are just not good at understanding and appreciating that we got our
own lives and challenges too.
Some people as an example send me this..
“OOoh my boyfriend is going to leave me, I need help.”
They send me long messages thinking I got time to read all that and they say..
“I will DO ANYTHING.”
I just say “ok. Pay this.”
I am not asking to mortage their damn house. I paid hundreds to thousands of
dollars to learn what I know, and have put lot of pain staking time, tested things,
applied through the years regarding dating, relationship, conversation skills and
social skills.
They’d paid hundreds to thousands for an education but when it is something
else like relationship they play with it like it’s some cheap game.
“Oooh but it’s too much and can’t aﬀord it.”
That problem needs my time. If I put time in one thing, it takes me away from
something important.
Instead of, “ok, let me get the money through some time and I’ll get back to you.”
I have had women wanting to learn seduction as an example, from seduction
techniques to arouse a man’s mind, create sexual tension, texting techniques,
dirty talking techniques, sex and all that.
“I am so..so..so..serious to learn Adam!”
But then when they need to do the necessary actions they give me all kinds of
excuses. I don’t have time for women not being comfortable with this or that.
They needed to be ready before even asking for such knowledge.
I used to help freely but now…I don’t.
I don’t because most do not want this. They want emotional support. They want
to talk to someone and I haven’t the damn time.

So serious that they ﬁght me the moment they need to do something and step out
of their comfort zone. So serious, they don’t even communicate and dissappear.
Some people got a life, either with 3 jobs and I cannot help them if they are so
busy, to learn privately, one to one. They need to sort their life out ﬁrst because
this knowledge needs committment, time, consistent communication through
the week.
Some guys want help but what happens is they come when they are not ready.
Ready as in doing and stop asking too many questions because that’s one of the
problems that prevented them to succeed.
They got to know everything before they take action. Years of experience I have
and I know why they do this. I’m saving them time, saying to them to just do the
actions as that’s how they will understand what I am teaching.
Knowing and understanding is two diﬀerent things. Reading and learning has it’s
own diﬀerent process. People read too much and do not take action.
They have been overthinking when they need to approach women and forget all
what the world says what not to do and do.
I dont have the time for “most” people.
Yes, I do help people but not everyone.
In fact, the whole family, our core values is built on that. We were the ﬁrst in the
city who built organisations that gave knowledge, advise freely until it
embarrassed city councillors and mainstream to now have to build organisations
that do what we did.
We built nursing homes because we saw how elders were treated with disrespect,
lack of love, compassion and now one of my sisters is building another large
nursing home, because people are speaking positive on how they are being loved,
treated, looking after like they are family to us.
Yes, it makes money, lots of money but the growth happens due to the value put
in. We didn’t even advertise. Word of mouth.
Some people help in that way.
They know they need to make a living, got responsibilities and make it into a
business of passion, of love, and change the industry into becoming better and as
a leading example.
I help who is going to do the work. I help who will respect my time.
Look even on Quora.
The amount of people of knowledge, expertise, skills sharing their time, hours of
their time sometimes, detailed answers too. Millons of them. They do so in the
time they can and hope it helps someone.
But then people push it too far.
They start adding questions about authors who disable comments. Or how
authors block. The arrogance of how they think they are entitled or they think
some of us give a damn about being social here.
Some of us don’t have time to debate and don’t care about this social stuﬀ. Some
of us don’t give a damn about what it looks like to others.
Look at how many people I follow.
I didn’t need to follow hundreds to have over 4,000 people to follow me and read.
If people want to learn they will learn and stop complaining about things as if

they got some right and entitled to get something.
So most people get all this and yet they then think they got some right to say how
someone should write or should able comments.
It’s shows why we disable comments. People ask for too much and give too little
appreciation and also respecting one’s space, and how they do things.
Some go even further…
Sending private messages with long stories, thinking they are the only ones and
expect an answer. That is what the system is for. Use it.
Some send messaes saying they don’t want to ask on quora system. Then use
anonoymous function if that’s then case.
I get tons of these.
Hundreds of these sent to me and I don’t have time. I got a life. I am in several
relationships with women. Mentor and coach businesses privately as I have
Knowledge in marketing, business, strategegic thinking, concept developing etc.
I am building websites for people who haven’t got jobs but found a way to help
them to build their personal brand and they followed my advice on how to get the
money. They went and got a job that was just working in a shop or something as a
way to build their resources, to pay for work I do and now….they work in a job
they love.
These are the people I put time into. They are truly serious. They value one’s time
and expertise. They understand we have a life, relationships, bills to pay and all
kinds of challenges that even they themselves go through.
I got a lifestyle that is so busy and built on helping people. Everything is about
that but I have to be careful on who to select when I help someone freely.
I also help people who pay for my time and those who can’t aﬀord it, read my
questions on Quora and leave it at that.
There are those I do help freely but I choose, I carefully select.
Yes, there are things I do in helping people without anyone knowing, but I choose
to do so quietly, in giving and that’s what I do…with my money that I get from
doing the work I am passionate about.
The more I make, the more I give. That’s how I do things. The more I make, then
more I have time to give and even invest in others.
I don’t help everyone.
I carefully select those who want my help.
One thing I also don’t do is…give unsolicited advice until the person asks for it.
If they ask as in a testing way, their problem when I give an answer. If they ask
indirectly, their problem if I don’t answer it. If I don’t answer, my right to not do
so. No one is entitled for anything.
But most people expect too much and do not give the respect and behave in a
manner later testing my patience. Many women here did that and I blocked
many. Many men too and I blocked them also.
And if a person behaves in a manner on here too, on comments or what they
right, I will block them as well. That’s right. If I ﬁnd someone judging others
because they date lots of women, or women dating lots of guys, or putting down
women who are working in escorting, or saying guys who get girls are assholes,
bad boys I block them too. I don’t want to help people of such mindset.

That’s why I don’t help everyone.
I help the few who I carefully select, who I feel will respect my time, my
knowledge and who don’t feel entitled. Some will have to pay and some won’t,
some will have to exchange something like knowledge, time, resource or
sometimes nothing but to apply the knowledge, come back and say what results
they got and write it for me in a certain way mentioning the problem they
had..why they wanted to solve the problem, doubts they had and what happened
when they applied. The results so I can share it with others. So mutual beneﬁt in
that way.
Some don’t even do that and so, I now select very carefully who to help.
I love helping, changing lives but from years of experience in seeing how some
people can be troublesome, ungrateful, have some sense of entitlement, are not
commited to solving their own problem - and - expect me to wait when they are
ready to do what is neccessary - then I make sure I qualify who to help.
They get to see I am very serious when I say..
“Either get with the program or we are done here.”
They think I’m like their friend or family, or someone else who just talks but they
realise, I mean what I say. The door gets shut and it may never open again
because I got too many clients, too many goals, too many responibilities to take
care of.
It’s not that most don’t want to help.
It’s that we select very carefully who to help.
There are many people out there helping others and I see it everyday. They are
changing lives but even they make sure to carefully know who to help.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is one quality in a man which makes a woman fall in love
with him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It be wonderful won’t it, if there was “one” quality which makes women fall in
love with a man. You know, we line up the women and they’ll say..
1. Courage
2. Conﬁdence
3. Blah blah
4. Blah blah
But you know what?
There are billions of women on this planet.
Don’t ask a woman who is not your lover what makes them fall in love with a
man. Instead when you are with a woman you’re attracted to, ask her about the
values she believes in and what she looks for in a man.
Ask her what turns her on.
Ask her what makes her fall in love with man.
Any other women are irrelevant because every woman will have her own values,
what makes them feel, sense and love in a man.

And that needs a man to be conﬁdent, not for the woman but for himself to know
what he wants and knows how to get what he wants.
Or nothing is going to happen anyway.
10k Views · View Upvoters

My 34 years old boyfriend thinks I'm 24 when In fact I'm 20
how should I tell him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
Personally, if I was his age and a girl said to me after a year she’s not 24 but 20, I
really won’t give a damn. The reason is because I know why she did it. That she
feared loss, feared that it might change my mind and desired me so much to do
that. I’d personally take it as a compliment if it’s something like this.
Of course there are other issues at hand he might think, such as trust and what
else you kept from him. Some people when you are not truthful can see you in a
diﬀerent way. I don’t know him. I know myself.
I’d be in love with her especially if it’s been a year.
If I was looking for a reason to break up though, if I want to make it a big deal I
would but I’m not that type of guy. I’m actually chilled type of guy, down to earth,
have empathy and so I try my best to see it from the other person’s perspective as
much as possible.
I’d understand and I’d smile, and just say..
“It’s ok. Relax. It must have been worrying you a lot.”
Then I’d hug her, kiss her and move on. It’s done. We move on and out it behind
us.
So if it’s something like this, I’m not going to make a big deal out of it. Being with
me for a year means there’s something major about her for me to be with her and
her with me. I’m not going to suddenly have that get in the way over something
like this but that’s me.
It does depend on the guy on how he takes it.
I can only say how I’ll respond.
Best to let him know fast. Get it over with and see how it goes. It won’t be good for
you to carry this on your shoulders causing stress.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl who opened up to me she comfortable with me and
tells me stuﬀ she never told her boyfriend, should I go on with
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re thinking…
“She’s telling me all this because she’s into me.”
“She calls me all time because she wants me.”
“She wants me so bad, because she tells me all her secrets.”
“She’s so comfortable with me, which means she’s so into me.”
“She tells me I am diﬀerent than all the guys..”
“She…is…into…me. That’s why she’s telling me all this..”
“I mean, why would any girl tell me all her problems if not because she is into me?”
What’s really happening when you’re not around is this…
Girl 1- Got yourself an admirer huh?
Girl 2 - I don’t see him that way. He’s a friend. He’s so sweet, nice, listens to all my
problems about my boyfriend :)
Girl 1 - OMG! A nice guy hahaha. You got one too?
Girl 2 - Yeah. Too many to mention. Pays for my resturant meals
Girl 1 - Haha. Same here. You can do that all week for years with these guys
Girl 2 - Yeah but watch it. He might think you’re into him
Girl 1 - Then it’s his fault. He knows I got a boyfriend and I don’t think he’s like
that, a creep to pretend he’s my friend. He’s nice, sweet and very helpful
Girl 2 - Trust me. I have this all time. Guys pretend to be nice, they are not nice
guys. They do it to get close to you. Then months or year go by and then they ask
you out.
Girl 1 - That be so awkward if he did that. He knows too much for me to date him
and I just can’t see myself being romantic with him. I don’t see him in that way
Girl 2 - Well, enjoy it while you can. Tell him to bake you a cake too
Girl 1 - Hahaha. I did once and he did it too and he brought me candles!
Girl 2 -OMG! You got him controlled. You go girl!
Girl 1 - Yeah but I so hope he doesn’t ask me out. It be so awkward.
You’re her emotional support.
Her boyfriend is the sex and you are the emotional support.
If you approached tons of girls you’d have grown, learnt to be conﬁdent and in
time got a date with a girl who is into you. You’d have grown in conﬁdence, learnt
about yourself and gained experience for the future.
Think about it.
If you cannot overcome your own anxiety in approaching girls you will always be
someone who has lack of options, spending way too much time on girls under the
radar. Investing lots more before you even shown your intent.
It is why it is best to show intent in the beginning.
If she says no in beginning, you at least didn’t emotionally invest but here you
have. So when rejection now happens, it’s going to hit you hard.
These girls know. They know what they are doing. They know how to attract guys
like yourself for emotional support.

They’ve done it enough times.
I won’t even bother. I’d go on a diﬀerent path and approach girls to grow, to learn,
to gain conﬁdence because right now, you need to learn a lot.
This here is not going to help you grow but set you back even if she says yes.
You’ll ﬁnd yourself in a position where you’re always behaving in a passiveaggressive way.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys think of anything other than girls? Can guys actually
think that one particular girl is special? Then why do they lust
on other girls? Is their entire life based on wanting to have sex
with as many diﬀerent women as possible?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It goes like this and none is in speciﬁc order…
1. Knowledge
2. Greater Purpose
3. Passion
4. How can I change clients life
5. How do I make things better in what I do
6. How do I ﬁx this so the mistake doesn’t happen again
7. How do I kick this habit out of my life
8. Psychology of men
9. Psychology of women
10. Strategy development
11. Science
12. Universe
13. Time Travel
14. Writing
15. Desiging
16. Painting
17. Producing my music
18. Getting better at my skills
19. Putting together my concepts for business
20. Mentoring
21. Coaching
22. Who do I give to next to change a life
23. Traveling around the world
24. Investing more in specialised skills
25. Busy writing my books, magazines and other products in digital and
hardback
26. Finishing oﬀ manuals designed for clients on dating techniques
27. Making connection for future building of my business model/website

28. Making connections to help others with more resources cause I like
signposting people to others I feel they can beneﬁt from each other.
29. Developing and sharping my habits
30. Brothers/sisters, nieces and nephews
31. Friends
32. Time
33. Death
So yes. There is a lot more things I think about as a man than just women :)
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I don't love myself because women don't love me. What can I
do? How can I love myself even though women will never love
me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Can you imagine if you was in a relationship?
You’ll exhuast them and I mean seriously, you’ll cause havoc in a relationship
because you’re always looking for them to show you love, say they love you, be
demanding, controlling, become so clingy, passive-aggressive and even abusive…
that they’d emotionally be drained to walk away from you.
And that’s the vibe you bring to table right now.
That’s what women will feel in the way you behave. Just reading what you wrote
from question and details projects that vibe.
Because when you..
Sow a thought you reap an action
Sow an action you reap a habit
Sow a habit you shape your character
Hence then your result in life
Your behaviour is projecting lots of insecurities and red ﬂags to world out there.
They will run, hide from these vibes you project from your innerself.
You behave in a certain manner and behaviour is man’s real status.
You base self love externally. That’s not love.
That comes from your ego.
It fear based. It is about control. Ego.
Attaching your self worth, how much you are loved, who you are, your success,
your identity based on external forces like..
1. People acknowledging you
2. Women loving you
3. Approval/validattion/Acceptance
4. Type of job
5. Income level
6. Popularity
What if all these dissappear?
What if your lover walks away?

What if relationship ends?
What if you lose your job?
What if you lose the income?
What if you lose popularity?
All these especially lets say the walking away, is in the mind of a woman. What if
you cannot handle challenges, what if you are emotionally stable, what if she isn’t
safe with a guy like you?
Lots of thoughts women go through when she sees a man.
It’s not what most men think. That all she sees is looks but rather, she sees
memories, experiences in herself and also other things she has learnt, her
perception and all you trigger is her insecurities, her fears rather than attraction.
The fear comes from deep insecurities in which has happened in your childhood
or some phase in your life.
You don’t need a woman. You don’t want to date any woman right now. You don’t
want to be in a relationship right now.
You need to get help, seek professional counselling, a therapist to sort out where
this issue is coming from and sort that out ﬁrst.
You’re going to approach women in a victim way. You’re going to approach
women and do so with fear, and behave that way.
You won’t show intent immediately but hide your intent due to fear..of..losing the
girl. The fear of abandonment. Trying to control people when you can’t.
You will orbit around a woman when she says no and make it worse.
You will spend time texting everyday, for hours to a woman and become her
emotional support, and never saying your true intention and then get pissed oﬀ
because after months or years you tell her how you feel and she doesn’t feel the
same.
You will do things to seek approval, validation, to be accepted instead of bringing
value to the table. You’ll not have the conﬁdence and your self esteem is very low.
You’ll also won’t have standards or even care to discuss boundaries with people
especially women because you’ll fear that if you do, they won’t accept you.
You become this typical nice guy who isn’t nice but rather wearing a mask to then
blame women, life for what you haven’t got, when really, if you look at the
question itself and the details you’ve written, it is pretty obvious why women you
meet don’t want to be part of your life.
It is also obvious that people in general, friends or whoever, will be distant
themselves. Maybe even block you on social media and in real life because you
project an annoying, frustrating vibe of entitlement. That why won’t they give
you time, why haven’t replied to your message and lots of talk that they don’t
want in their life.
So not only women but people in general will stay away from you. Especially the
people who have grown, read a lot, lived life, went for things in life and all they
want now is to attract people of value.
They do not tolerate much of what they used to years ago. You will meet many
like them in your life and they’ll shut their door on you.
I’m one of these people. I didn’t ask for world to give me anything including love.
Instead one learns to bring value to the table.

Women already got challenges in life, work, job, life itself and last thing many
want is a man who is weak, a man who is going to behave as a child, behaving as a
victim, and being passive-aggressive whenever he doesn’t get attention.
First seek professional help.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How is emotional support handled in a polyamorous
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In an ideal world, in ideal situation, in disney land….we will have diﬀerent
networks of support. Like…friends, relatives, family. The same as any
relationship. It be healthy and balanced.
Here’s the thing though…
Life is not like Disney…
It can be fucked up. People coming from diﬀerent backgrounds, situations like in
monogamy.
You could have nothing whatsoever except your lover and yourself. Or yourself
and you just know how to be self suﬃcient.
Everyone is diﬀerent wih diﬀerent relationship and circumstances.
Like myself.
My life is so diﬀerent to other people in my community. So becoming what I want
has closed many doors. That means, all the friends I had, gone. Closed shut. Also
relatives too because they follow strict religion or culture.
The relatives took time to accept for themselves. By that time, they were old and I
had moved on.
So what do you do?
You have to ﬁnd another way and I did. I made new friends, found new support
and even have people who are very close, so close we are like family.
Then there is lovers I am in relationship with.
Every relationship model is going to be diﬀerent. There is not one answer. I wish
there is but I found everyone has own challenges, own dynamics and own
challenges. We live in a judgmental world, ﬁlled with social norms.
The life I am living took a lot of guts, I paid a heavy price for it but I don’t regret it.
I’m stronger for it and wiser.
So there are people who only have themselves and spouse. Some don’t need
anyone out there and they don’t burden their lovers either. They are strong, have
been used to being alone, have been used to being strong and are ok without
much support.
I don’t see that as unhealthy or healthy.
I see that as an individual in a diﬀerent circumstances.
Everyone will be diﬀerent. Yes, it be ideal to have friends, other resources but
there are some people who come from culture, religion, and just this one change
in their life, changes the course of their life and everything else.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can you ﬁnd out what really motivates people?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget tricks like looking for body language and don’t ask them either. You see, if
you really want to ﬁnd out what really motivates people, then you need to do
what most people do not do.
You spend time with the person and be the environment in which they are
inspired to want to share with you what really..motivates them.
So it’s not really about them but you.
1. When you meet them focus on them
2. Praise them on their achievements in a proper fashion, in revealing what
it is they did, why they did it, and how they did it. Let them expand.
3. Instead of you giving advise, ask them for their opinion, knowledge,
show you see the person has a talent, has a skill, has knowledge and
when they share, thank them for it, and show how it has changed our
life. So seek their advice and follow it and…
4. When you achieved, share the glory with them and let others know that
because of so-so, you was able to achieve XYZ.
5. Make them understand how valued they are.
6. Show them. In other words, do not speak but show in action how you
respect them, understand them and trust them.
As you can see, it is rarely about how to make someone tell you what really
motivates but rather, you must focus in changing yourself, be that person in
whom they can trust, who they feel worthy of letting go of their social mask to
reveal who they really are.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I told my boyfriend I love him, and he says he's still trying to
fall in love with me, and its been 10 months. Shouldn't falling in
love be natural?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction isn’t a choice. It’s Kaboom, chemicals, infatuation, you gravitate or
drawn to the person appearances, then personality afterwards.
Love is a choice.
When I am with someone, it doesn’t take long to fall in love with them, it’s not
forced either. When infatuation gone, I feel a deep loving connection.
Like now, with a lover I am connected with long distance. We have this deep
loving connection. It didn’ take long to fall in love with her. I don’t get attracted
to a woman I am not attracted to, and so, when time goes by, and I got to know
her more, at a deeper level, it wasn’t diﬃcult to fall in love with her.
The reason I can fall in love is I don’t have much issues, insecurities, and also
that’s the type of person I am. I don’t fear abandonment.
If 10 months have gone by and this person doesn’t feel the love for you and he’s
“trying hard,” sorry to say but this guy has either issues, or he’s a Narcissist, who
is manipulating you in holding on back, holding you on, as long as he could until
you exhuast yourself.
You know him better than I do but it feels that way to me.

End of the day, who wants to be with someone for 10 months, who says he doesn’t
love the person they are with, doesn’t show it in action and words, and then says..
“I am trying to hard to fall in love with you…”
I don’t want a woman to try hard. It needs to be that she so want to, desire to, that
the desire is so strong she got to tell me she does and behaves in a way she does
too.
I know this may sound harsh but get out now, because when someone takes this
long, it’s a deeper issue you cannot solve. It’s a deeper issue either in their own
personality or how they are wired in their mind where they are just incapable of
loving until that is, they ﬁnd someone else and suddenly you ﬁnd they are falling
in love and even marriage, and even having children.
Not always but it happens that way.
Or they just incapable of empathy and love. Some people are like that.
You have had 10 months with this guy and I bet it is exhuasting, giving, giving
and all you get is emptiness, no deep intimacy because you can’t if the person
says they don’t love you, they are trying hard to..love you.
I doubt you want to have years going by waiting for him to change.
You can’t force love, but you also need to think about yourself. Do you really want
to wait 2–5 years later and he’s still trying hard to fall in love with you?
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would somebody tell you early in a relationship that they
were Jekell and Hyde rather than concealing it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they are telling you for real who they are and have been in relationships
where they hid it but now…they won’t.
Better you take what the person says is true because when they said it, you can’t
go oﬀ saying they didn’t say to you who they are.
That’s why this person didn’t conceal it.
So they say where they stand, who they are and now you make a decision to
accept or walk away but don’t complain if you be in relationship with them
regarding their mannerism. They will say..
“I already told you what I was like.”
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend looks really young and small. I feel like I’m dating
a teenager sometimes if it weren’t for her face (I am 22, she’s 19).
Her personality is fantastic, but I hate being seen with her. Is it
messed up to leave her over this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s done.
Infatuation is gone and you know what the deal is but it’s done. In future you’ll
look back and think..
“SHIT! What the hell did I do that for?”

You won’t see it now. I know you won’t but you will when you’re 40 and when you
get to that age, I promise you, you will date younger and you won’t give a shit
about what it looks like to everyone else.
But now it’s done and you got to do the right thing fast.
You got to sit down with her and you got to let her go. You got to be honest with
her but don’t be a bitch. Don’t hurt her anymore. Don’t go oﬀ telling her it’s her
looks, her size, her anything.
You be a man and you say you are moving on and you just don’t feel it anymore.
That is it. You don’t break her self esteem. You don’t vomit over her about her
looks. That is your problem not hers.
That’s your perception and your shit to deal with not hers.
None of that “it’s not you, it’s me.” No. Just say you’re moving on and you don’t
feel it anymore.
You just say you are moving on and you had an amazing time with her but you
don’t feel it anymore. Don’t go oﬀ feeling sorry for her and starting something
with her again. Let her go and feel hurt, grow, and leave her to heal.
There is no easy way of doing this. It happens. Perception and all the things you
were brought up with but you’ll not know valuable, you’ll know many things until
years down the road. You’ll even not give a damn about beauty and looks
anymore but right now, you’re nowhere close to that place yet.
You will in time but right now….
Don’t beat yourself down about it. Life. We all make mistakes, we mess up. we
make choices, we decide, we rush things and it gets crazy but when it does, you
got to do the right thing by that person.
But do it fast man. Do it today, now. Do it fast because this is her life, her time,
and she can meet someone who respects her, who sees her and who doesn’t care
about people what other thinks when he’s walking with her.
Just learn from it. Find a lesson from it to grow.
That is all you can do. Grow and grow fast.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if people keep saying my boyfriend has bad
taste?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a rule I always follow..broken down like this..
1. Never listen to friends about what my lovers done. None of their
business.
2. Never lisen to friends of ex and anything ex says about my lovers.
3. In fact until I see it for my own eyes and hear it right in front of me,
everything else is a fabrication, gossip and jealousy.
I found these have worked wonders.
So do yourself a favour, forget what gossip says and focus on your relationship.
Ignore it all and don’t fall for the trap where they get you feeling insecure.
Always smile, like you don’t give a shit and all is well.
Never let them know a damn thing.

4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is sexting (sex in texting) a common thing to have between
partners? I just got freaked out.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very common. Many people who are sexually conﬁdent do it. I do it a lot with
lovers and we love it. It’s fun, great to keep connected to arouse each other,
increases attraction, and can help when you’re not seeing each other often.
Maybe you freaked out because it’s new to you, because it looks like that from
your question. Depending on two people, compatible, it can go real hardcore too
and in a fun, sexual and awesome way.
It must be new to you.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I texted my ex after I dumped him without talking it over a year
ago and he didn't even answer me. Does he hate me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not ignoring you.
You ignored him. You walked away and didn’t talk because you didn’t…want..to
talk. You disappeared for a year and then text him. You acted like you hated him.
He didn’t act like he hated you. You behaved in that way.
He has moved on. He doesn’t trust you at all.
You treated him like shit because that’s what it feels like. Breaking up without
even talking it over, like how so many people say…
“OOoh no one is entitled for a reason.”
That’s now what happens when people have such attitude.
Now you’re not entitled for a response.
It’s a double edge sword when you live that way. If you live that way then you
have to also accept the consequences that come with it.
He doesn’t even care. He’s moved on. He will see your text as you having had your
fun and now you realised it’s not fun out there. He probably sees this as not worth
his time. Not even friendship.
He’s in a sense done with you.
Best to leave it alone and move on.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop being the guy that girls only go to for attention?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to screen them out immediately by showing intent and then they got to
show their true colour or they can piss oﬀ back to their emotional support group,
and get their attention from there.
You know, tons of nice guys, orbiting around girls, to be friends when really they
are attracted to girl but fear losing her, by hiding their intent.
Screw all that “get to know her, be friends, and you never know.”

No,. no. no. That’s dishonest.
1. Show intent from day one
2. Be sexually aggressive i.e. playful and learn how to indirectly sexualise
3. Use humour
4. And then escalate in which she has to show interest in you.
5. If she doesn’t, screen her out and move on to someone else.
Done.
Don’t fall for how society likes to make you feel guilty and labeling you as some
bad boy. All because you are screening out girls to be with the girl who says yes to
dating.
If a girl isn’t interested she will say so. Is she a bad person for saying no and even
not wanting to be friends either?
No. So no double dstandard crap here folks.
There is no bad person, slut, whore, bad boy, bad girl.
There is only people who know what they want and go for what they want, and
are clear about what they want. No one is entitled for friendship and dating
either.
So don’t feel guilty of not wanting to be friends with any girl, don’t be ashamed
about it. Society would love to tell you that to walk away from a girl and not be her
friend is bad. You know, all that fragile princess.
Take a look at society how fucked up they are regarding dating. They don’t know
what they are doing. It’s rigged.
We know this this rigged. We know this is rigged for women and the whole
industry, from resturants, cinema’s, everything make money from it.
You don’t take dates to resturants and cinema.
You take lovers, who have said yes, who have dated you by walking about, maybe
a drink at the bar/cafe, who have become intimate with you, physically and
sexually.
Don’t fall for the fallacies/myths of dating.
So screen these girls out immediatey.
In their face if you have to, say it straight where you stand and I promise you, the
ones who want attention will walk away. The ones who desire you, will stay and
you need to then be good at your skills to do that.
Don’t feel guilty or ashamed to screen girls out.
In other words, look where the masses are going and doing, and head the other
way. It’s fucked you over already and you don’t want it happening anymore.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy feel when someone whom he hardly knows
gives him a sketch of his that she drew?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends if I’m a guy who is attracted to her or not.
If I’m not, she’s just a girl who drew a sketch of me.

If I am attracted to her, then I would prefer if she showed me how much she
desires me ﬁrst by sharing her intent with words face to face. Clearly showing me
instead of hints and signals that are so damn frustrating.
Then after that, she can use the sketch later, as part of her conversation to suprise
me when we are walking, holding hands dating, as she brings her sketch out and
tells me the story of why, when and how.
Or I will see it as she doesn’t know what she wants or she is just someone who
sketched me.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do societal norms matter more than their children to some
parents?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, this you see pissed me right oﬀ when I was a teen.
Because they give too much shit about their repuatation, what other people think
about them instead of just letting us grow.
Imagine, you got social norms, then if you come from a certain culture…you got
that too. if you also come from a strict religious family, you got that too. You’re
like getting hammered left, right and centre as a young lad.
And everything contradicts. I mean everything.
This is how it always used to go..
Dad - Listen, I don’t want you near these white girls, ok
Me - Yeah sure dad, sure
Mum - You need to listen to your dad
Me - (rolling my eyes)
Dad - Think of what the people will say
Me - They’d say they want to learn how I do it because everyone wants to do what
I can.
Mum - Stop it! You’re not going to date these girls
Dad - I had 4 girls knocking on door for you and what do you want me to say to
parents when you get all these girls pregnant
Me - That they should be lucky that these girls got a kid from my genes
DAD - WHAT?!
Mum - Oh just leave him. He’s just joking, aren’t you son?
Me - Yeah, yeah,. I’m joking. Instead of 4, I’ll make sure it’s 20. (running out of the
house)
Dad - YOU SON OF A DOG! WHERE’S MY SHOES! YOU DEVIL!
Imagine if they knew I was coaching men and women doing all this now. Haha.
They won’t believe there’s an industry for it.

But yes, parents worry because our actions reﬂects back at them, so they say. We
hear the same old shit all time..

Dad - Look at so, so kid. Why don’t you be like him?
Me - Because he’s a pussy, a nice guy, I’d rather be dead than be like him.
Mum - What do you think people will say when you don’t get a job
Me - Have you seen my dad, never see him, working 6 days a week, comes home
tired. No, I am going to have my own business
Dad - BUSINESS? What type of business
Me - The one business that rules the world. SEX!
Dad - WHERE’S MY SHOES!
Me - (running out of the house)

Dad - Why didn’t you go to the evening religious class?
Me - Because I got better things to do Dad than listening about fairytales
Dad - FAIRYTALES! THIS IS YOUR HERITAGE!”
Me - No, it’s yours Dad. I want to learn other things
Mum - You are not a disbeliever!
Dad - I didn’t say that. I said I got better things to do than sit there listening to guy
talking from the pulpit.
Dad - The PEOPLE WILL TALK! You will ruin us

Mum - We found you someone to marry
Me - I don’t want to marry. I already got girlfriends
Dad - You need to settle down. Look at the photo of the girl.
Me - I am 15, I don’t want to marry. I already got girls I am dating.
Dad - GIRLS! YOU’RE GOING TO MARRY THIS GIRL
Mum - Think of the relatives and people back home. What they will say about us
Me - Let them talk
Dad - See, told you. He’s possessed by the devil. He just won’t listen.
Mum - (mum crying, doing all the screaming act now, drama)
Dad - SEE WHAT YOU DID TO YOUR MUM! SEE! SHE’S ILL YOU KNOW!
Mum - Sorry mum but I am not going to marry anyone

Same old story but when they got older, they didn’t give a damn anymore about
what other people thought.
They weren’t perfect and in time, years later, I knew they meant well. They didn’t
know any better. Just did what they could and even if I didn’t agree with much of
what they believed and said, I loved them in my own way.
The hard part is when parents do that, we become strangers to them.

It creates this big wall between us and the more they try to want us to ﬁt in
society’s social norms, the more we rebelled, then more the wall got higher and
higher. If only they just let us grow and forget what others think.
Until you become a sttanger to them, to the beliefs they believe, the community
you’re born into, the religion they followed and even to the modern world you’re
in because you ﬁnd it isn’t so modern after all.
It’s the same bullshit but in a bigger scale and in a subtle way.
You’re like stuck in the middle of all this shit until you become strong to be
yourself and stop being two, three and even four people.
You ﬁnd your own voice and ﬁnding your own voice can take a long time for most
people. Some never ﬁnd their voice and then try to sell us their own perception,
own beliefs, own shame, own guilt and their own reality.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My mother read all my sex texts with an online stranger, and
called me a whore. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing to be guilty and ashamed about. Your mum fell for the social
conditioning regarding sexuality, and so, she be living in those dark ages, where
sex happens only when married, or something close enough to that.
But that’s her perception, brought up by others who believed in that and anyone
who says to you regarding whore, slut, are saying it because
they..are..ashamed..of their own sexuality, and trying to shove it down your
throat too.
The best thing to do is ensure you be sensible with what you’re doing. Plan
properly. Don’t just keep things open, so it is easy for someone like your mum or
anyone to see what you’re doing.
If you’re living at home, then you should know this. If you really want what you
want, then you’d be mature in organising yourself in a world that judges. You
don’t leave a door open, your phone not locked with password or your laptop.
Plan properly.
Second, nothing else you can do except don’t let your mum’s perception be this
thing where you start to believe in the lies she fell for. That’s her values, her
perception, her reality and until you make your reality bigger than hers
within..your…mind, then of course it will bug you, making you feel guilty and
ashamed.
Nothing to be guilty and ashamed.
Anyone who uses these words are doing it to scare you because they want to
control you, due to fear of their own reputation, own image, own self
perseveration.
After all, why do you think women have to all ways fucking say on forums and
places like this, on how they never will have sex with a guy on ﬁrst date and how
those who do blah blah blah.
Because it is a tactic, a subcommunication to show to everyone they got some
high reputation. Trying hard to protect their sexual image, to ﬁt in, to also not be
judged, isolated by the crowd etc.
It’s fear.

So don’t fall for such psychological bullshit games. Just ignore her and learn to
stand on your two feet. Get your own place if you’re going to do things like that or
at least, make sure you cover your tracks and don’t make it easy for people to see
what you’re doing.
People judge. That’s how it is and your mum is going to be like that for nothing
else due to fears of her own reputation and to make you feel what you’re feeling
now.
It’s her way of protecting but it’s harmful way.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How would you answer the question, "If everyone else jumped
oﬀ a cliﬀ, would you jump, too?”
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I had that with a teacher once. Annoying Math teacher. I was always in trouble at
school. Trying to kill your wild spirits.
There is no answer for it. Just ignore it if you’re timid type.
When I used to get that from parents or teachers, I’d pretend I don’t know what
they are talking about. Gets them real crazy when you do.
So don’t say anything if you’re not like me.
With parents I’d ignore it. You can’t win with parents as it just gets heated up and
waste of time. Just say no, and leave it.
Now at school, well, I couldn’t help it. Any teacher said that, I didn’t take it
because they were trying to exert some idea I was a follower when I wasn’t. I just
wasn’t interested in studying much at school.
Also I always went against the status quo in school.

Teacher - If everyone jumped oﬀ a cliﬀ, would you jump too
Me -Why would I jump when I can ﬂy?
Teacher - Do you see wings anywhere here and on your back?
Me - Do you see a cliﬀ anywhere here? I mean we in the middle of a class, where
there are no hills and cliﬀs for thousands of miles.
Teacher - You know what I am saying. YOU KNOW!
Me - No, I think you’re crazy talking about cliﬀs. It’s dumb. I am shit at Maths and
all I learn is if I will jump oﬀ cliﬀs.
Teacher - EXCUSE ME! Do you want me to send you to the Principals oﬃce?!
Me - It be better than listening to stories about jumping oﬀ a cliﬀ
Teacher - You are just intolerable! Can’t you get anything right?
Me - Apparently not because I am sitting in front of a class with a Math teacher
who doesn’t get I am not the type to stand on a damn cliﬀ. I would rather read a
book, lay on grass, bathing under the sun than follow all these dickheads here
Students - (hissing, getting rowdy)
Teacher - GET TO THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE NOW!

At the Principal’s oﬃce
Principal - Ok what now? Girls?
Me - No sir
Principal - No shannigans in toilet with girls?
Me - No sir
Principal - You didn’t try and kiss Miss ____
Me - Well, I..
Principal - Ok I don’t want to hear.
Teacher walks into the oﬃce…
Principles - What trouble has he caused now?
Teacher - He has been speaking back, as always
Me - Come on. Sir, he’s talking about jumping oﬀ cliﬀs
Principal - Cliﬀs?
Teacher - I was trying to instill some..
Me - He was trying to tell me I’m thick. This is a school, right. I’m suppose to learn
something and he’s talking about how thick I am.
Teacher - No that’s not true. I was explaining..
Me - He was explaining why I won’t be a boring shit
Principal - ADAM! There is no need for such words in my oﬃce
Me - Well sir, all I said was if Miss_____ was here right now, I’d shag her because
everyone in school including him wanted to do
Principal - ?
Teacher - ?
Me - (Smiling)
Principal - Ok enough of this. You’re on detention
Teacher - But…
Principal - Let Adam go and we’ll talk but you’re on detention today, after class.
Me - Great. Thanks!
Principle - Ok two weeks detention
Me - Can we make it four weeks?
Principal - Deﬁnitely and so be it!
Me (walk out of the oﬃce)
Teacher - You do realise Miss____ does the detention
Principle - Oh for the love of god. ADAM! Come back here!
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible to fall in love between two people where the girl
called boy as brother though they are not?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl who is not your sister calls you brother then..
1. She does not see you in any romantic and sexual attraction way
2. You hid your desire for you and behaved as a platonic friend
3. You was pussy footing around being so available for her to share all her
problems
4. Thinking that all this pretending, hiding, being nice which is not really
being nice, is going to have her see how you are the one to date
5. But instead what you don’t realise is when you do that, you are
building..comfort
6. And comfort before attraction, kills attraction
7. So now you are seen as comfortable, and comfortable doesn’t get a girls
heart racing, her body tingling, her pussy wet and dripping, and instead
it gets her so emotional in a diﬀerent way. Like a…sister because you
behaved like a brother.
8. What do you expect? That’s what it means, when it is said, nice guys
always ﬁnish last. In other words, they really never get started. They just
timid, hiding, pretending, being dishonest about their feelings. They
have low self esteem and low conﬁdence.
So no, she doesn’t see you in a romantic way and never will after the way you
behaved.
She will date other guys who are Masculine, conﬁdent and who don’t behave like
a brother or friend. Instead they behave with sexual appeal, conﬁdence and
making sure the girl diﬀerentiates and sees them diﬀerent from all the nice guys
who zone themselves hard and deep into Wonderland.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl talks to you about her problems
and leans on you for support? I have a crush on one of my close
friends who is a girl (I'm a guy). Am I friendzoned or could she
actually want to see where things go with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are so deep in this shit that you can’t even see it.
Whatever you want to call it, one thing for sure, in all the guys who do this…they
don’t get the girl. They are seen as nothing more than friends, pal, like a brother,
like a sister, like a..girlfriend.
Why would you pretend, lie, deceive to get close to a girl, and do all that shit, to
impress her when you needed to be upfront?
Because you fear rejection.
She has dated, fucked some guy, done this and that, right in front of your face,
you think she don’t know you’re into her?
Mate, every damn girl knows. They know a nice guy chump from a mile oﬀ. They
know, they talk about it with each other, they know such guys behaviour, Being a
therapist for a her, like she is fragile, a lost princess.
In fact, when I am with my lovers and they are with their friends, the girls, it’s
only thing they talk about most of time..

Girl - Yeah, he’s such a sweet guy. I know he’s into me but I see him only as a
friend
Girl 2 - I know a guy like that. No balls whatsoever
Girl 3 - Hahaha. I can’t stand nice guys. Just you know..
Girl - Not exciting. Boring. Too available
Girl 3 - Yeah, that’s right. I mean the guy I am dating, he’s exciting. I remember I
tested him out
Girl - No way. You mean you did that to him?
Girl 3 - Yeah. I tried talking to him about my ex, and he just brushed it oﬀ and told
me that no girl talks to him about these things until he is dating and sex, hahaha.
Girl - OMG! My boyfriend said same thing!
Girl 2 - Mine too. See! We know how to date the right guys
Girl - Yeah tell me about it. I mean look at the text messages of this guy
Girl 4 - OMG! He’s like a doctor consulting you
Girl - Hahaha. Yes. He’s sweet though, nice, kind but I’d never date him.
Girl - I won’t either. Feels like my brother, always trying to advise, solve my
problems, listen to all my boyfriend stories
Girl 4 - Don’t you ﬁnd that creepy though
Girl - Sometimes but hey, girl got to release her emotions somewhere because my
boyfriend isn’t someone to do this too. He’ll tell me to shut the fuck up
Girl - Hahaha. Same with my man too.
Get the idea?
This is why Nice Guys are not so nice. They call themselves nice guys but nothing
nice about them. They are dishonest, hiding, pretending and don’t show intent
from day one to girls. The girls know. They talk about these guys and even warn
other girls who to stay away from.
My own lovers come home and they are like..
Her - I had this guy at work.
Me - Nice guy huh?
Her - Yes. I can’t stand them. He did blah blah blah blah
Girls know. You guys think they don’t know but girls, at a young age, know how to
get what they want. Harnessed their ways to get whatever from a guy.
You give them emotional support. When you behave this way it categorises you as
the guy who they don’t date and just use for emotional support.
She got you so good you don’t know your head from your ass.
Friendzone? Mate, forget that. You are so deep, if there was any zone that is
deeper than that, it be the antartic, which is where you need to disappear.
Love? This isn’t love.
Cowards don’t know what love is. Cowards don’t want to risk anything. They are
spineless, watching like spectators, pretending, being dishonest, not showing the
other person how they really feel, like spy agents, collecting data, hoping to one
day using it to open a girls legs but don’t realise, the key to unlock if there was any
attraction in the ﬁrst place is…conﬁdence.
If friendzone ever existed it be level 10. I mean the lowest of the low. I mean so
deep you can’t crawl out of. So deep, you can’t see the exit, deep in your own
bullshit.
You are an emotional support and that is all you are, because you framed it like
this. You behaved like some platonic guy. You behaved like a brother. You
behaved like some white knight sister. You behaved like some girlfriend, waiting
for her gossip and stories, and you even asked her if she like facetime to talk
about her problems.

You fucked up so big you won’t believe.
She won’t date you. You know too much. You’re the comfortable. When comfort
happens BEFORE attraction, you have screwed yourself over big time.
You are the comfort not the attraction.
And girls don’t date comfort. They date who they are attracted to. They date what
makes their heart go Boom Boom. They date what gets their heart racing, the
body tingling, their pussy driping. They don’t date some boring guy who wants to
solve their problem or listen like some brother about all their problems.
She sees you and knows you are good for emotional support and that’s it.
She won’t date you now because she will feel, that she might lose the emotional
support.
Check mate.
65.6k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

What's the best answer when your girlfriend asks "How much
do you love me”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How much do you love me? What is the best answer you have heard for this
question?

I don’t ask this question as it’s manipulative. I don’t need to know how much a
woman loves me. I know by her behaviour. This kind of question if a woman
asked me, I won’t even bother answering. My actions already should speak for
itself.
It stinks of insecurity and need for validation.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should you do when you are in love with a married
person?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You learn from the lesson to know what not to do again. You see, you are asking
this question long after you did all the actions.
1. You saw the person you are attracted to. It’s ok to feel emotions because
attraction isn’t a choice. But love, is a choice.
2. You knew the person was married. You make the choice then to ignore
this, knowing this person has a partner. Knowing this person is in a
monogamous relationship, a tradiional model called marriage.
3. You knew, that the only way is to try and edge your way in and make
another person unhappy, his wife/husband.
4. But you still applied thought. You still kept putting thinking, eﬀort, time
in to building images and movies in your mind about the person. Maybe
you even spent time texting or phone calling or spending more time with
the person.
So now it is going to be diﬃcult for you because you build a memory, a history in
your mind and think it is love when it is not love. It is an idea of the person. It is
the emotions attached to this person.
Therefore, you need to check yourself from the very begining to know what not to
do and to understand the harm you can do. To also think if this was someone else

doing it to you, with a partner you’re in relationship with. How would you feel
when someone knows you are married and ye, they still take steps?
You now need to..
1. Move your attention, focuse it all elsewhere.
2. Block the number
3. Then delete the number
4. Block on ever channel
5. Do all to close that door shut, every door.
6. Then move on and ensure you focus your attention, if you’re
monogamous onto a person who is single not married, or in a
relationship if you desire to be in one.
It is always your own attitude, the beginning where the problem starts. Those
things are out there but it is your own perception, how you see life that needs
some work. Check yourself and look deep in why you would focus on someone
married rather than someone who is single.
Why do you want drama in your life?
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

My sister is prettier than me and it's killing my self-esteem.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Dec 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh no, I won’t say looks don’t matter. I won’t say everyone is beautiful. I won’t say
appearances don’t matter.
So there we go.
What are you going to do about it?
You can’t even take it in your parents house with one sister. So how are you going
to take it when you go out in world and ﬁnd lots of gorgeous, sexy, attractive,
sweet cute pretty face, with amazing tits and cleavage and that ass…Mmmmm
Mmm.
How you going to deal with that then?
Hey, you said you didn’t want me to say looks don’t matter, appearances don’t
matter and to avoid saying how everyone is beautiful.
Ok then. So be it.
You went out in world and you bitch, complain and you saw only dark in world.
You even told the world what to not say. Ok then. I am going to send all your
bitching, complaining, whining back to you.
Lesson here..
If you can’t believe in us, the people to see there’s much more to you. If you tell us
how to think. If you say our thinking is small that we can’t see your beauty. If you
come here telling me who I am, that I haven’t got the smartness to see the good in
you, AND choose my words, then don’t expect us to see any good in you either!
Don’t expect me to see nothing else but girl where millions of dollars in education
has been wasted on.
You don’t come to world and spit on it’s face.

You don’t come to world with his attitude that because your sister is beautiful,
that you see her as gorgeous and because of that, we don’t see hard work,
smartness, intellect, raw, real talent and skill.
World is going to reply back and say..
“Ok then. You treat us this way, then we treat you back that way too! We’ll use your
insecurities and use you as well because you see yourself as nothing, then ﬁne! We
will treat you as nothing. No problem. It’s easy for the world to do that.”
Because that’s what you’re saying.
That’s how you are behaving towards your sister then it is clear as day how you
will behave to anyone else. You will just see beauty not the person.
You think because of women being attractive, that gives you the excuse to be lazy
in learning to better yourself with social skills, conversation skills, seduction
skills and wearing the clothes that bring out your own identity.
That’s lazy thinking. That’s the comfort zone. That’s how insecure people behave
i.e. like victims…so that people can feel sorry for them. Like their success in the
world is determined by looks alone and that they don’t need to work on
themselves from the inside. That good looking people just sit on their asses and
do nothing to get to where they want to go in life.
Yes, it makes it a little easier but that means, you then got to work smarter. That
you need to learn to leverage all and not just one thing.
That way you can better the average into extraordinary.
What do you expect?
That we won’t give you the chance to show what you’re good at in life such as
your knowledge, skills, social skills, conversations?
No. We won’t give a person a chance who bitches, whines all day about their
looks. There’s far too many people do that and it’s emotionally draining for others
and so they don’t want to be around such a person.
You can build a great relationship with your sister but you are throwing it away
because you got some jealousy going on. Then your sister will grow distant with
you because that’s what happens in real life.
You girls bitch all day about guys objectifying you due to looks and yet you’re
doing it to your own sister. Didn’t you see her other qualities?
If all you see is that in people then people will only see that in you too.
It’s not the cards you are dealt with in life.
It’s how you deal those cards.
And how you learn to deal with them brings a lot of skills, experiences that can
help you get what you want in life. If you let go of your insecurities.
So if who you are is low in belief in yourself and then blame that on someone else
like your sister, and then blame it on us, because you think EVERYONE only
bothers about some sweet ass, tits, curve looks, then of course…world is going to
reply back..
“Is that all you got to oﬀer? That your sister is better looking than you?”
Look. I am being harsh on you here but believe me, world out there, is harsher.
World out there won’t even give a damn.

But I am sharing with you as a Masculine man, not some good feeling most
women and guys hand to you but the real deal here.
If you want a man, no problem. You can learn the seduction skills to get the man
you desire,. Yes you can with skills.
If you want a great job, then no problem. You need to invest not just in studying
but get good at knowing how to market yourself, bring out your gorgeousness and
appeal in the language of the companies you want to attract. Build a track record
that shows you’re not all talk.
If you want to have sex all day when you’re 18, no problem.
If you want a house, I’ll show you how to use other people’s money and deal with
it in a way, the bank gets their money back before interest, and you now got a
house sold, and money in bank three times over.
You see what I am getting at?
You are going to let life pass you by because your focus is on things that won’t
help you in life. Jealousy, possessiveness and envy kills your growth. It attaches
your self worth on things that will one day dissappear.
That is your sister. Time will whizz by and you didn’t focus on enjoying time with
her but instead you have this jealousy about her. You don’t see her other qualities
but her appearances.
So if you treat her that way, the world then will treat you that way too because of
the way you will behave when you meet the world.
You will become timid, shy, awkward and give it some label to rationalise this is
why you are who you are…and…why you are where you are in life.
You have two choices.
1. Focus on what you can and build on it. Like knowledge, skills,
experience, seduction skills, conversation skills, increase self esteem and
conﬁdence. Increase your value and win in life on the things you can
control.
2. Or continue to behave like a victim on things you can’t control and waste
your life comparing yourself to every damn girl you will soon meet out in
the big wide world.
Which one do you think is going to make your life amazing life?
Which one is going to push lots of people away, including your sister way?
8k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend barely sees her two kids who still live with her
abusive husband. Whenever I bring the matter up it makes her
upset, what should I do?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Answered Dec 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two sides of the story. That’s what the courts are there for and even if
courts still fuck it up, the law is the law.
But for you, you need to stop bringing it up.
When she is ready to talk about it, she will. Stop letting your own insecurities of
her blaming you. If she does one day, then stand up for yourself but for now, leave
it alone or your behaviour, in bringing it up is going to get her to feel you’re
judging her and she will leave you.

So stop bringing it up. She’s an adult. She made her decision.
Just stop bring it up and upsetting her on that which is very diﬃcult for her. It’s
not easy for her. So back oﬀ and understand there are two sides of the story.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Will boys love girls who look masculine?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy is diﬀerent. Some will love to and some won’t.
There are plenty of guys who are attractive to girls into badminton, dress in sport
gear. You can still be feminine and do all sports you want, even football, weight
training, power lifting.
You need to stop listening to your friends and start thinking for yourself when it
comes to this and really, about anything regarding your choices in your life.
People, whether relatives, friends or anyone only gives you what their perception
is.
So imagine, your friends might make bad choices in life with guys. Maybe they
fucking lazy and fear rejection. Maybe they are like most girls and guys, doing all
these hints and signals. Maybe they are not that great at social skills or creative in
thinking.
That means you base your future results on their experiences, their negativity,
their fears, their insecurities and their misconception and understanding on how
attraction works. That’s why it’s called an opinion. Their opinion isn’t fact.
Only if you make it so.
For example..she’s a powerlifter (Photo Below)
She’s 18 year old and plenty of guys see her attractive. Plenty. I know girls into all
kinds of sports and they got boyfriends. I know a kickboxer, a thai boxer and
MMA woman and they got plenty of guys want to date them.

Here’s the thing, are you approachable, do you smile, do have you social skills
and conversation skills?
There’s also your personality.
Many things your friends don’t mention. Same with yourself, you got other
factors about you and you’re focusing on one thing.
You can go to places where there are guys who are similar in values as yourself.
Guys who always wearing the stuﬀ you wear and doing sports you do. Guys who
get turned on by women into sports and her world is all about that. That to them
is a value they love to see always and so you’ll attract such guys.
You can wear sports gear, whatever, that’s ﬁne but it’s about going to the places
these guys are at and being approachable.
Of course, nothing is going to work no matter what, if you hide yourself. If you do
what most girls do, with all their bullshit signals and hints.
If you want results, smile, be approachable, take intiative. Just make sure, take
whatever your friends say when it comes to dating guys with a pinch of salt.
16k Views · View Upvoters

What are your favorite photos?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What’s your favourite photo?

I have many favourite photos but the ones I like have a message in them. If I was
to choose one, it be this one right here..

1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How has Adam Taha’s dating life been aﬀected by racism?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It has been aﬀected a lot by Racism.
Yes, tons because the more I see people who frown on colour, the more I celebrate
diversity and embrace all. White. Black, whatever. I see only sexy, gorgeous, hot,
smart intelligent women I am attracted to and sexy, gorgeous, hot, smart women I
won’t be attracted to.
The more I know history, the more I go out there and smile, welcome every
colour, community, belief, poor or rich, doesn’t matter.
I don’t see diﬀerence. I see humanity.
So yes, I have been aﬀected by Racism in a positive way.
I know the history and I know it is still there but I’m going to shake every damn
hand, approach woman whether white or black, and socialise and celebrate
diﬀerent cultures and just enjoy the diversity I see in the world.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Keevin Tamplin

I have a crush, he used to look at me and try to talk to me, then
he started avoiding me. Did he give up on me or does he just not
like me anymore? How can I let him know that I’m just shy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

See this what you wrote..
“I act like I don’t notice his presence while Im burning to talk to him and I avoid eye
contact with him”
It is the most annoying thing for a guy.
Move on from what?
You’ll see here, many girls do what you’re doing..
Adam Taha's answer to Does he actually like me or am I getting played?
You’ve been ignoring him. You have been pretending you don’t notice him.
Acting he doesn’t exist. I understand you fear rejection but come on, how does a
guy know you’re into him if you act like you don’t notice him.
He can’t read your mind.
When you pretend or look and then pretend you don’t notice, he will just think
you’re some girl doing what any girl does. Nothing much. Maybe you are looking
at someone else. Maybe you saw a ﬂy on a wall.
We won’t know a damn thing if you girls behave like that. No wonder most are
single and then pretend they did all they can when they did nothing.

It doesn’t work like those Cosmo magazines. The cupid isn’t going to throw an
arrow at him to tell him you’re into him. This isn’t Disney. This is real life where
you need to make a connection, smile, say Hi.
When girls do that we don’t know if you’re judging, if you’re a snob, if you’re shy,
if you hate our guts or your plain weird - but even then, we won’t notice you
because…you’re acting like we don’t exist!
Then you ﬁnd out met someone other day. A girl who had the guts and maturity
to approach and say hi.
You’re in university and should have more sense than doing all these invisible
Ninja techniques. That’s problem being a Ninja. No one sees you. Forget being a
Ninja and be a Jedi. Walk up to the boy and hypnotise him with your conﬁdence,
femininty and personality. Flirt with conﬁdence.
So really…you got nothing to move on from.
You have done nothing. Nothing. Zip. Nada.
Now, start again.
1. You see him.
2. Approach him as you smile
3. And start a conversation. You’re not going to ask him out. You’re going to
a human being to just talk. Forget the big picture of asking him out,
dating, relationship, house, marriage and all that. Just talk. Be friendly,
do a bit of ﬂirting - compliment him, ask about him, say…
“OOooh that’s awesome. I am so admire and attracted to guys who know
how to blah blah blah.”
Brush your hair to reveal your neck, lick your lips, smile, lean forward
and keep talking, take interest him
4. Then next time you see him it be a lot easier and you can then ask him
out for a drink. He’d probably do so if you show clear intent.
Because right now, there is nothing to move on from.
Nothing happened. He probably don’t even know you even like him. He can’t
read your mind and guys, need more than acting like..you don’t notice him. He is
probably scared of rejection as…you..are.
24.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I convince my wife to care about her physical
appearance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I didn’t say a thing. It wasn’t even my intention my lovers would suddenly hit the
gym, get ﬁt, dress up sex and look damn hot.
So what happened?
What was this amazing revolutionary way?
All I did was what I enjoy doing.
1. I see my lovers and I say to them..
“DAYUM! You look so hot baby, you’re driving me crazy!” (slap her ass)”

“OMG! You curves baby. You look amazing. Hey, come on, what did you
do? None of that smiling, laughing. Was it all the sex?”
“You know, I can’t believe how you stay young and keep in amazing
shape.”
Lots of these, everyday. Smilles, hugs, caresses etc.
2. Texting.
“I was thinking about all the naughty things I am going to do with you
when I get home.”
“Hey baby. Just want to say I am thinking about you. Not stop it. Stay out
of my mind. You’re driving me crazy.”
So lots of text too, here and there, once a day and make her feel sex,
amazing, feeling good about herself.
3. Focus on myself.
I hit the gym. Sees me eating good. Sees the change in me. See the
magazines. Sees the protein shakes etc.
And my lovers just found themselves doing the same.
You see, instead of focusing on telling her negative, you move her state of frame
of mind to feel good about herself. If the environment makes her feel good, sexy,
amazing, and if the guy with her makes her feel amazing, focusing on just loving
her, you will not believe how this alone can make someone grow.
They also see examples right in front of them and get inspired.
That’s all I did. You inspire. Speak in a way that she us gorgeous, beautiful. Look
inside of her. That same woman is inside of her. Don’t give up on her by making
her feel sex, alive, and beautiful.
It will take time, be patient and see through the shell and inside her.
10.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to tell my friend his girlfriend has been hitting on
me? They've been dating for 3 years now, but whenever we are
alone she calls me handsome, ﬂirts with me, and I just ignore
her. Also, I'm gay, so I’m not even intrigued.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You set boundaries with her.
You’re the one being passive-aggressive.
She is ﬂirting and you don’t like it, ﬁne. Then you talk to her and set the
boundaries.
That’s really it. You don’t need to escalate it.
Just say it straight to her, show her you’re not impressed by her behaviour.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I never believe love at ﬁrst sight until I met this one guy from
another school. Was it just an attraction or a real love? Would he
feel the same?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is how it goes..
1. Attraction is not a choice.
So you see a guy or you learn of him, and you desire him. It’s an instant
KABOOM! It’s you being wired to gravitate towards guys you are
attracted to. It’s your map within your unconscious mind. It’s the
chemicals. So it’s not a choice. It’s what you are attracted to. It’s not a
choice.
2. Love is a choice.
Now what happens is the chemicals will die down due to interaction,
investment, physical intimacy and sexual intimacy. As time goes by, you
have a..choice to help what you have grow. That’s when it is a choice.
That’s when you proactively work together, choosing to do so, to build a
deeper and meaningful connection.
To the question, “would he feel the same?”
No one can answer that. You’re asking about someone else and we don’t know
him so it’s useless asking that question. I can only describe the science.
The other part of whether he will feel this way or if you will continue to feel this
way, is a diﬀerent matter. You ﬁnd out by taking the risk and see how it goes from
there. You’ll never know until you take the chance.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Does he actually like me or am I getting played?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, he doesn’t know he likes you. There is no “kind of knows or shows interest.”
We know as guys what that means. It means lots of bullshit signals and hints.
It means you playing safe, doing what most girls do, hints, signals like we can
read your mind. We’ll, a guy cannot read your mind.
Second, he looks like a passive-aggressive, timid guy who fears rejection and so
he’s not going to have the balls anyway to man up and say it.
The confusion happens when you don’t show clear intent.
You don’t say it to his face you desire him. That you are attracted to him and so
this charade will continue until one of you gets so frustrated and move on.
To change the dynamics when you know a guy hasn’t got the balls, you show
intent clearly. Say it to him and then he has to show his true colours.
Let him know that you’re moving on if you don’t get a clear yes, and that he feels
same way, because you can’t be assed doing back and forth.
Then you’ll see clearly if he is into you in that way or not.
Make it easier on yourself. Just be honest and communicate your intent to him or
you will be wasting your time.
47 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl tells you I will block you what should you respond?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I’ll make it easier on you. You’re blocked.”
Then block her.

Now move on and stop wasting time with girls who have no interest in you. Stick
with it and don’t bother giving her anymore attention. With billions of girls on
the planet the last thing you need is focusing on a girl who isn’t that attracted to
you or can get with being playful, fun if she is into you.
So reply straight, “I’ll make it easier on you. You’re blocked.”
Then block her and stick with it.
She’ll learn there are guys on this planets who haven’t got her on a pedestal.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal to love a girl so much you're ﬁne if she dates
another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about normal. It’s more about waking up from the illusion you have
created in your head and her bullshit she’s selling you.
She’s telling you she has been used blah blah because she sees you as nothing but
emotional support. Mate, women have had years harnessing their seduction with
thier melodramatic stories on guys like yourself.
You know, the nice guy, who orbits around a girl, likes her and is attracted to her,
romantically building movies in his mind, and you think girls don’t see such guys
coming?
They see you coming a mile away.
Hey, even Julius Cesar got seduced by Cleopatra and all his commanders. She
even got him to help her, a woman of exile to win against her enemies and
become the Queen of Egypt and ruled for 20 years.
Same goes for Marlyn Monroe.
Marlyn was was getting nowhere until one man taught her all the ways of
seduction. He got her to be a persona of the innocent naive girl. She was trained
with all the techniques, from what to wear, what to reveal, when to reveal,
fragrance, tonality of her voice ﬂirting. She did the same what Cleopatra did to
John. F. Kennedy and probably had his brother too in bed.
Just know even great men can be seduced to believe they are the saver and
knights come to help the fragile girl who is in torment.
It’s the same old story.
You’re behaviour is your status and so your behaviour gives it all away. Girl will
drop her pants in no time for a conﬁdent guy and then tell guys like you she was
used. Like she doesn’t own her sexuality. Like she can’t say no.
Like you is the Knight coming to save the day, to help the Damsel in distress, from
the bad, bad Ogre who uses her. But you see, that Damsel in distress has had
many Knights before you and all were nothing but for emotional support.
Girls learn from a very young age to seduce guys to take their sweets, do their
homework, get their time and even get emotional support but they will never
date and have sex with these type of guys.
She will in an instant date the guy she so say “he used me.”
That’s why I make sure the message is clear to girls when they meet and contact
me. That I am not here for their emotional support. They want my time, they pay
for my time. I’m not their boyfriend or friend.,,

Your situation is not unique. It’s not new. It has been written through ages, of the
white pathetic knight who pretends he is a friend, but wants to get between her
legs, and so he behaves like a friend, pretending he is there to save her.
This is why girls don’t like the “nice guy,” because nice guys are not nice. They are
backstabbing bitches, who talk bad about other guys on how other guys are bad,
how other guys uses her.
Fuck me, she really done you over, hasn’t she with her psychological seduction
manipulating bullshit.
The truth of the matter has nothing at all to do with her self esteem.
The truth is - she is not into you and she will date someone else but not you.
That’s her warning to you. That’s her in a subcommunication way, telling you she
doesn’t see you in that way.
She doesn’t see you in that way because she has categorised your behaviour as
most girls do with nice guys who behave platonic, spend tons of time with a girl,
invests a lot, trying to solve a girls problem, saying to themselves all they want is
their happiness to rationalise how they are attracted to the girl.
Behaving like some therapist and she the patiant. Like a brother. Like one of their
girl-friends because that is how nice guys behave.
Like..
“I don’t see you in this way. I see you as a friend..”
Nice guys are not so nice. They are not honest. They hide their intent. They hide
their feelings. They are sneaky. They like the girl and think by spending tons of
time with her, she will will fall for th guy.
In which when he does show his interest she psychological slaps him with a put
down to make sure he stays where he is.
She uses this on him…
“OOoh I don’t you see you in this way. I have been used by guys blah blah..”
Translated..
“I am not attracted to you. I am not interested in you in this way. I cannot say no
but I have to say something to avoid awkwardiness and conﬂict because you are
now like my brother, like one of my girl-friend. I am so comfortable with you and not
attracted to you. I am also saying this to you because just in case you get any ideas
in the future. I will use your time. I will use you as an emotional support. You can’t
blame me because I already told you THIS PUSSY and THIS ASS is what you will
never have and you will never taste. AND if you try again I will psychologically put
you down to remind you we are just friends..”
You want her happy.

No, you want her real bad, like romantic bad, like sexual attraction bad. You will
try to probably do some other tactics to change her mind.
Then when it doesn’t work, get pissed oﬀ and move on the hard way. Maybe call
the girl a bitch but she isn’t a bitch.
She’s just surviving like everyone else and if someone isn’t smart, trained, a
Masculine man who knows what the deal is, well, you can’t blame girls for trying
to get what they want by seducing guys like yourself.
Move on and approach other girls, and stop spending time being a therapist for
girls who are not attracted to you.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

He doesn't know if he should be with me or get back to his ex.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You walk away is what you do if you don’t want to get burnt. He’s on the cooling
period and believe me, this is not the time to date guys who hung on an ex.
Stay well away. Move on.
It’s like me seeing you walking up to the Casino and I say, “Don’t step in the
Casino.”
“What?”
“Don’t go in the Casino.”
“Oh I can win more money.”
“Red ﬂag! Don’t step in.”
But you look at me and think I don’t know shit. Think I haven’t see what you have
gone through a thousand times before. You think your challenge is new. That it is
unique. Special.
That I don’t understand and that you like him and love him. That this is diﬀeret
to all the other guys you’ve met.
So you say to me, “I got to play some more. I can get the money back!”
“Look,” I reply “You’ve lost $1,000 already. Don’t bet anymore. Just stay out.”
But no, you don’t listen. You don’t walk away from this guy. You think you can
change him. You think he will walk away from his ex but you know, deep inside
this is a fucked up situation.
You brush me oﬀ and walk towards the sliding doors. You walk down the steps
towards the table. You get some chips and begin to play.
The wheel goes round and round. The ball goes up and down, up and down,
shakes, and stops. You’ve lost another £1,000.
Again you hear the words, “Look, let it go. Just leave the Casino.”
But no. You think that if you can just talk to him more, invest more time, you will
be able to turn it around. You’ve always wasted time and you think you got all the
time in the world but really, life happens once.
That is all you got and you are wasting it on some guy who isn’t man enough to
move on with his life. He started something with you and still goes and talks to
his ex. He treats you like a throw away.
You’re the Nice Guy. The one who puts all in a relationship. The girl who is a
rebound. The girl that is with a guy only because he can’t get the other girl out

there. The standby is what you are to him. the safety net.
You tell me “I can win the $2,000 back and I’ll walk away.”
You play again, the wheel goes round and the ball goes up and down, up and
down. It stops. You WIN!
I shake my head because I know it’s a trap.
It’s like the promises the guy makes. It’s like all those sweet words he says to you.
It’s like those eyes you stare into and fall for his bullshit.
It’s a trap to keep you on hold.
I’ve seen this so many times where women think they change the guy, maybe the
guy will see her for who she is and leave the ex or the other girl to focus on her.
You get a little taste and you want some more, but you know the deal is shit. You
know for real that if you keep playing you’re going to get burnt.
Then you are going to say to someone else..
“Oh he used me.” Bullshit! No one is using you.
Like this girl here where this guy is suckered into the same thing. It’s a diﬀerent
story but it is the same story but with a diﬀerent Wheel…
Adam Taha's answer to Is it normal to love a girl so much you're ﬁne if she dates
another guy?
You got a taste, didn’t you?
So you play again.
You ﬁnd all the money you have left for your rent and you bank it all. I don’t need
to watch. I know what’s going to happen.
I walk away to ﬁnd as the doors slide up, I hear a painful cry.
The same cry I have heard many a times before.
I turn round one last time and you’re sitting still. You feel numb, exhuasted, tears
painting history on your face. There is nothing I can do for you now. You walk
back home, empty handed, broken and you curse this thing called love.
It’s a long walk home but you don’t care.
You drown your pain through hours of walk. The pain is long enough to walk
around the world ten times over. It rains like crazy but you don’t care. It’s like you
don’t feel a thing anymore.
How will you now survive this month?
How will you pay the rent?
What about your studies?
You’re money is gone, your youthful years gone, and as you arrive home, you feel
this sick feeling growing inside of you
You rush to the bathroom and you cry.
You can’t say he used you. You knew what was going on. You knew what was on
the table. You knew you could have walked away without investing anymore time
but you didn’t listen to the voice..
“Walk away from the Casino.”
You get up to look in the mirror.

You see it all clearly now but it’s too late.
You could have dated George, he was free and a good man. You could have dated
Tom down the street but you said you was with this broken down guy and you
want to save him from himself.
You could have dated Pete but you said you liked this other guy who hasn’t got his
shit together. Pete was so dissappointed and thought you’d know better. He
thought you could see what is on oﬀer.
As you turn to walk back into the living room, you slip, hit your head on the sink
and you are out.
That’s when you wake up!
You ﬁnd yourself laying on the e settee.
“Holy shit. It was all a nightmare!”
The door opens and it’s the guy and he tells you there’s a girl, his ex and..
“Stop right there,” you say.
You tell him it’s not going to work out and it’s best he just goes back to his exgirlfriend or whatever he wants to do but nothing is going to happen with you.
Best he moves on because you are going to.
He tries to explain but you’re not falling for it. You found your courage. You have
seen the future. You have experienced the Casino.
He senses you are stronger. He senses something diﬀerent about you. He knows
you ﬁgured him out more than he has ﬁgured himself out.
You slam the door shut and make yourself a hot drink. Relaxing with your legs on
the table, you feel a cool breeze.
The curtain dances as you hear a familiar voice…
“Stay away from the Casino. Stay away.”
14.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you still believe in true love after suﬀering from several bad
relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes I believe in true love and always have, and always will. Sure, I have had some
bad relationships in past but we all do, and much of it is due to our own
inexperience, we needed to grow and due to making choices that weren’t really
based on solid foundations but due insecurities/fears.
However, these experiences has helped me to have many successful
relationships. The more risks I took, the more I grew. I have grown to believe in
love more than ever but also comes with an understanding that has made it very
clear about life itself.
Love is never enough and it needs experience, knowledge, expertise skill and
work from both sides. It needs compatibility. It needs the person to have
developed themselves to be emotionally strong and yet still show vulnerability.
So I am much stronger, wiser and believe that I cannot control anyone but I can
behave in a manner to keep loving the lovers I am with. Each one will bring
experiences, lessons and sometimes, the lesson isn’t for you but for that person.
Sometimes the lesson is for you or even both.

You do grow wise, smarter, experienced and the next person you love will beneﬁt
greately from the amazing experience, insight, knowledge and skill, that they will
even question if in all the past relationships they had, if it was really love.
They’d feel what they thought they had before but this time, with you, they
realise, this is really what love is. That is the best feeling of all because it totally
blows them away in that they ﬁnally realised another great lesson in their life.
Like I said, sometimes the lesson is for you and sometimes its for the other
person - and - sometimes it is for both.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in a relationship and love my boyfriend dearly but don't
want commitment and want to be with other guys. Is this
normal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing whatsoever wrong with you. You don’t be guilty about what you desire,
what you want and how you want to live.
Normal is an illusion.
Normal for one person is new to someone else. I see this happen all time because
I am in the world of dating and coaching. I see it all the time but most people
might not.
It has got nothing to do with normal.
Instead ask what do you want. Then own your decision. Don’t do anything where
you are lying or doing anything behind his back.
Instead be open, honest, sit down and talk calmly, compassionately and with
empathy. Hear him out, let him talk as well and you talk as well. Talk,
communicate, ﬁnd a way that works for both of you.
If you ﬁnd it can’t be worked out then time to move on.
Main thing, open commnication, honesty, do the right thing in being open with
him. That way, whatever you do, you know you did right on yourself and another
human being. You was honest about your feelings to the one you say you love.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Texted Tinder match for two and a half weeks every day, I asked
her to hang out and she stopped responding. Why is this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two and a half weeks of texting on Tinder with one girl?
You’re moving too slow. You’re not escalating fast enough and in doing so, you
ﬁnd yourself wasting too much time on girls who just want attention, emotional
support because you are not showing intent from day one.
It doesn’t take two and half weeks to show intent.
It takes one ﬂow conversation.
Look this is how it always goes with me..
You see I show intent immediately. I am playful, fun. I eliminate girls fast this
way. I’m leading not them. I’m leading and screening to get girls who are similar
in my way of thinking, personality, attitude and desires.

Girl - Whats that in your shorts
Me - It’s a Monster
Girl - Hahaha. Why did you put that question on proﬁle
Me - Because it works ;)
Girl - Yes, I was so curious what you’d say ;)
Me - Watch him. He can get weird on you
Me - Sorry that’s my mum.
Girl - Your mum!
Me - Yes, she’s always interfering
Girl - OMG! Seriously, that’s your mum
Me - Yes. Let me kick her out of the room. Christ she’s a pain in ass.
Girl - Why do you let her use your phone
Me - She has Ninja moves. Trained by Jedi
Girl - You’re Star Wars Fan!
Me - Yes but I am not your father
Me - Told you he would get weird, didn’t I?
Girl - :) You’re so crazy
Me - You’re already imagining the exciting time we’ll have. Awesome
Me - Yes darling he is but he’s such a..
Me - Ignore her
Girl - Call me
Me - It depends
Girl - On what?
Me - If you are good at wrestling with my monster
Girl - Hahaha. I so want to meet you now
Girl - And I know I can handle your Monster
Me - Mmmmm. I am curious now ;)
Girl - Call me and you’ll see
Me - Ok, I’ll call you in 5 mins
Girl - Make it 15 min and I’ll make it worth your while
Me - Done. 15 mins
That was it and I talked on phone and met her 2 days later.
You need to speed up this shit to eliminate girls who will waste your time. Make
your intent clear from beginning, be playful and lead to the goal in meeting. Do
that by being conﬁdent in showing your intent, have humour and be sexually
aggressive.
I’m not some nice guy pretending to hide my intent. I say what I want from the
very beginning and this pushes girls I don’t want away and attracts girls who see
world the way I see it, and want what I desire too.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend is an artist, and never draws anything for or
about me. I don't seem to be inspiring him. Do you think he
doesn't love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is what you wrote in the comment under one of the answers..
“Yes, I have inspired him. He’s used my words, and some things that connect back to
me. But he doesn’t tell me that he did it, nor anyone else, nor does he gift me any
artwork or poetry. I make art for him, and create poems. He’s not reciprocal, and
it’s getting me to question whether he truly has any passion for me, like I have for
him…”
There are more important things to consider. Like how he treats you. Forget his
art. How does he treat you?

Does he spend time with you?
Do you both talk with each other?
Do you go out together and enjoy time together?
Does he encourage you with your goals and dreams?
Do you feel you’re growing with him?
If you’re passionate about him, then why haven’t you talked to him about it
instead of asking strangers.
Talk to him. Share how you feel because he cannot read your mind.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend left it up to me to decide on the course of our
relationship, but what does he really want or mean by that?
How can I get him to talk about what's wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hopefully you can see it for what it is..
1. He doesn’t really care
2. He’s ﬁnding excuses to distance himself
3. He’s punishing you and being immature
4. He’s isn’t leading anything
5. There is no future with him
6. He really doesn’t give a fuck
What to do. Just some suggestions:
1. Tell him it’s over because he has made up his mind it’s over
2. That you want eﬀort and someone of certainty and he hasn’t got it
3. That you’re not a throw away and someone to play around with
4. That whether your clingy, if he can’t be bothered to talk about it, well,
bye.
5. Then move on and ﬁnd someone who will support you lovingly and
emotionally, and sees your clingyness as awesomeoness
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to make my girlfriend miss me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already know what to do. It’s in your answer. Relax.
1. Respect the boundaries of your girlfriend. Only see her once a week
2. Make that once a week awesome.
3. Focus on your life, be busy, build your social network, socialise with
others
4. You got an interest? Get good at it.
5. Focus on bettering yourself. Study hard
6. With all these you should really be busy and can only see her..once a
week.

You really didn’t need to ask anyone but rather, if you love your girlfriend then
respect her wishes and get yourself busy.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can a man know he is putting his time into the right
woman who will not leave him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men who worry about these things need clarity in their own life. This is
something I advise all men. The only thing you can control is your own certainty.
Take care of the following:
1. Have a greater purpose in your life.
Many men around me crumbled when their lovers cheated on them, had
aﬀairs or left them but I kept standing due to a reason. That I have a
greater purpose in life. That even when a woman come into my life or
leaves, I do not have a void and nor does anyone complete me.
You see, you will always have challenges. You will always have goals. You
will always battle with yourself. These are certain for the rest of our life.
These factors in our lives are guaranteed.
But what isn’t guaranteed is the heart when it comes to people. Most
people are immature, ﬁckle, inexperienced and have to go through many
things in life for them to really value love, someone who loves them.
Therefore, there is no guarantee with people but there is guarantee in
growth, in focusing on your greater purpose in which you will be tested
everyday and throughout the rest of your life.
That doesn’t mean I don’t love the women I am with. I do. I give it all I
got and do the best I can. I am always open, honest and direct with my
lovers but they know. I am a strong man with a greater purpose in life.
They will never fear or feel burdened that if they leave I will crumble. I
won’t. I will be dissappointed, hurt but in the end, I will rise as always to
march forward towards my greater purpose in life.
Man of greater purpose is a man that is very attractive to women
especially in these times in which some men have no clarity and always
looking back into the past with regret, doom and gloom. I don’t. My eyes
into the future and I march ahead with excitement, smiles, laughter and
a warrior heart who seeks knowledge wherever it maybe.
2. Live in moment.
When I am with my lovers, when I say to my lovers, I love them, I mean
it. I am not looking for doubt. I am not thinking about “if.” I am not
saying “maybe.” I am living in this moment with them with certainty.
I am the rock. I am the man, the Masculine man who is certain. It is
never I who says “if.” Nor “Maybe.” Or “I think.” I say “I will. I know. This
is what it is.” I am not with woman without certainty or no need for me to
communicate, be with them as a lover. I am certain always.
I live then in the moment and I live with certainty in how I behave
towards women I love. Whether they have doubts, and have “if, maybe, I
think,” then that is their own self esteem issue and not mine. I live in the
moment and I free myself from the fear based thing called..control.

You cannot control people but you can behave in a manner where you
have certainty in yourself and your words mean something. That deep
within your core is a thing most precious - self love.
So believe in yourself, be certain of who you are and be that man who when
anyone comes or leaves, you know you have done all you can. That when a
woman is with you as a lover she has grown because of you and if she leaves, she
has left in a better way before she ever met you.
That is the code I live by as a lover.
That is all you can really do.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend is such an asshole. Why can't I stop loving him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You like drama. Drama creates all these emotional feelings and one part
is adrenaline because you’re bored shit with your life.
2. The lack of maturity in falling for excitment and mistake it for love.
3. Cocky and mistake it for conﬁdence.
4. Mistake trust and relationship for the emotions attached to what it all
brings - drama, up and down emotions, making you feel your blood
pumping. Then you have sex, pounding each other and release, thinking
it all some amazing meaning. Then it’s back to the same routine.
5. Fear of abandonment and the comfort zone….to mistake it for intimacy.
You therefore built a habit, a history, attachments, dependencies,
expectations, which comfort built up. That’s right. You are comfortable.
The unknown, the uncertainty is scary for you but only due to low self
esteem and low self conﬁdence.
You fear that if he dissappears then you can’t do better. So you
rationalise that you are there to save him. The logic that you use is this
wasn’t his fault. It was your fault too.
6. The Parent and Mummy ego state. That you can ﬁx him. You can change
him. Christ! The amount of women fall for that trap is huge and come
here, talking shit about men, like they didn’t know who they were dating,
and calling men players, bad boys, assholes like they are so innocent.
In other words…he’s not the problem.
It’s your choices in life that you make, projects how much self love you have.
He’s an asshole, right?
We don’t attract what we want.
We attract who we are.
16.1k Views · View Upvoters

I am in relationship with a woman who has been in many
relationship before. Should I marry her or not?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She could say the same for you. You haven’t been in many relationships and so,
your experience won’t be there. Your relationship management won’t be there

and your maturity in this matter is not there. So is the case of sexual experience.
She has nothing to be ashamed about. That’s her life and her past and shouldn’t
be held as judgement by anyone. In fact when someone has a clear understanding
of life and is mature, he’ll see she’s bringing a lot of value in which she can
educate the child/children if both desire children. She has a lot of value to bring
to the table and more understanding about life in general.
Look around on Quora. Many teenagers are ill equiped in these matters and that
is due to parents who did not educate them. Parents who they were afraid to
speak to because these parents have been slut shaming, shaming men as well,
doing it in front of their own children and so, no daughter or son is ever going to
go to their parents who are closed minded in these matters.
Many by the way come from cultural religious backgrounds.
This is a woman who has experience in life, relationships and who knows what to
look for in a man. She will value what is important in a relationship and will be
asking the right questions too.
It is social conditioning in which you have been conditioned to believe within
your own culture and social norms about sexuality that’s causing diﬃculty for
you. That belief about virginity but how many “virgins” start relationships to ﬁnd
it lasts or happy because of that? It’s not about that if you want a relationship to
grow, prosper and also be happy with one another.
It is about compatibility.
Instead of looking at one’s sexual and relationship they had in the past look at
compatibility. Compatibility isn’t about education, beliefs, age, culture, virginity,
rand even religion, but people make it so to try to ﬁt into people’s box rather than
make good of their own life.
They then wonder why their relationship does not ﬂourish. The same cycle
continues over and over again to another generation.
Compatibility is an attitude, in which two people have a positive attitude to one
another and the process they believe in. A process that they will work towards a
common goal for each other’s happiness while still keeping their own
individuality and passion for their own goals, and dreams.
You decide what is important. The cultural belief, the social norms you were
brought up in and conditioned by or your happiness with a woman who loves
you.
Because as you get older, believe me, much of what seem to matter..doesn’t
anymore and you wish you just focused on what is really important.
Compatibility.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I found out a guy likes me. Now it’s awkward. I miss talking to
him but should I apologize for being awkward or talk to him
like it never happened?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Leave him alone. Damage is done. You didn’t have to behave awkward and
just behaved maturely about it and say you’re ﬂattered etc cetre. And also not
listen to your friends because ﬁrst thing you told would be your girl-friends.
You’ll make it more awkward and use him for emotional support. I know, you girls
love to talk. Talk…talk..talk about some guy, about this and complain on and on.

You know, emotional support.
He is not into you in that way.
You got lots of girls to talk to. Use them for emotional support. Let this guy alone
because his intent is not friendship. It’s attraction and you know it’s attraction for
him. So best course is move on, let him be.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

I talk to this girl everyday and we've gone on a few dates, havnt
seen her in a month, n now asked if I can take her to the airport
what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t bother. Spend your time approaching someone else.
Edit….
This is from your own words. I don’t know why you didn’t see the red ﬂags, that
she’s playing you and put you in category of a friend not a boyfriend..
“We had scheduled a few dates(3 or 4) but she canceled all of them(day before or day
of) because she was either sick (has been sick oﬀ and on all semester) or had to work
on a term project…”
She’s a ﬂake. That means, she doesn’t want to say no. She says yes to avoid
conﬂict and awkwardiness. Hoping you get the hint. That she doesn’t want to lose
the emotional support and that is what she sees you as - emotional support.
Only calls when she wants something, supporting her i.e. being a Taxi for her to
the airport.
I personally won’t bother. 3 times she cancelled and a day before. I won’t give her
another chance and I won’t take her to the aiport.
Let her go.
You also needed to approach other girls and have options instead of waiting for
one girl who isn’t showing much eﬀort but also understand, you didn’t either.
2 Views · View Upvoters

Was I too honest in telling a girl how I feel?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How old are you?
WTF was that about?
You don’t talk to someone like that who said they like you.
You need to calm the fuck down. I’m in my 40’s and I train guys on dating. This
behaviour of yours was not called for. This behaviour is reason why girls don’t ask
guys out. They don’t want that shit in their face after ﬁnding the courage to say
how they felt.
You know how hard it is for girls, women to say how they feel to guys? They do all
this hints and signals. They get so worried what the guy thinks and what friends
thinks of them if they approached.
You know how hard it is for guys to approach girls to ask them out.
You did more damage than you can even imagine because now this experience
spreads to other girls. Now other girls will think..

“I am no way approaching the guy I like if that happens. Guys got to approach me.”
You needed to have empathy, understanding and some wisdom here. You needed
to show your maturity when she texted that. You needed to show her that her
courage is worth it and even if you wasn’t interested - she walks away with an
amazing good feeling to say to other girls..
“Hey, it’s not bad at all. He was so happy I said it to him and even though we’re not
dating, it wasn’t as hard as I thought it was! Yes, go and approach the guys you like
and ask them out because they REALLY appreciate the honesty!”
Next time when a girl says she likes you, appreciate she had to go through hard
time in her head to ﬁght against stigma and taboo regarding approaching guys
and saying her feelings.
You needed to behave as man not some immature boy. When a girl says she likes
you, you reply..
“Thanks. I’m ﬂattered. Look. How about we get to know each other better,
meet. I know a great place to chill, have fun and talk.”
You can even say…
“I’m ﬂattered but tell me more about you. You know how it is with good looks
and all. So tell me a few things about you that will make a guy interested in
you. I like to ﬁnd out more about you..”
See how that is calm, respectful and it shows your strength. You come from a
strong conﬁdent position when you do that. That’s how you say in a mature polite
manner that you look for more than sexual. You look for personality.
You didn’t project conﬁdence but gave a harsh response.
That was your ego talking. Trying to prove something. You didn’t need to prove a
damn thing. You just be polite and even playful, fun. Helping the girl to have a
good experience in the beginning and before dating.
This is why young girls mate get tired of younng boys and date older men because
older have more maturity, experience, wisdom and they appreciate when a
woman approaches and asks them out.
We applaud the courage, we do not down it. We applaud conﬁdence and celebrate
it. We do not shun it.
This is why most young girls desire older men. Immaturity.
From an older man…it’s not what you say.
It’s HOW you say it.
How you said it was rude, mean, hurtful and was really harsh. I can even sense
the harsh energy from just that text bouncing oﬀ and my own body language
changed. Really bad vibe you put out there.
The experience now for her probably killed attraction. The word will spread to
other girls if you are in school or college to stay well away from you.
There is honesty but you need wisdom. It’s not what you say but how you say it.
Next time be calm, collected and try to feel what it is like in someone else’s shoes.
Get some people skills.
What you did does not give credit to your personality. It’s rude. It’s hurtful and
harsh. I won’t be surprised she changes her mind because of that tone.

And believe me she will go to her friends, show them what you texted back to her,
and they will inﬂuence her to not bother.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that men aren't designed to be in a monogamous
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Designed?
It’s really more about the man’s desire and what he is comfortable with and how
he wants to live his life. Monogamy for me is not natural for me and not because I
was designed.
It’s because I don’t feel comfortable with monogamy, it’s too restrictive for me.
It’s a relationship model that does not ﬁt for my needs, my values and what I
want in life. That doesn’t mean I deceive and lie what I want.
I am honest, open and direct in what I desire from women and there are women
who desire men like that. They desire men who date multiple women and be in
relationship with more than one partner, and we don’t have to cheat and be
dishonest about it.
The key here is not being monogamous or non-monogamous.
It’s about being honest with yourself and people you are in relationship with. Be
honest whatever relationship model one desires to be in.
So it’s not that I am designed and that is why I date and be in relationship with
diﬀerent lovers. It’s because that’s what I want. It’s what I desire and I am going to
be honest, open and direct about it.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why are older men attracted to 16–18 year old girls? What's your
opinion?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Short answer - older men are attracted to women at the prime of their fertility due
to innate, evolved tendencies. It’s human nature. Young, smooth skin and not all
but many girls desire older men.
They are young, smart, have healthy young skin and attractive. The myth
they are not mature and conversation is not that great is usual bullshit.
Haven’t found that at all.
It’s not rocket science…
They don’t have much emotional baggage and fucked up as much with social
conditioning. That’s my opinions from dating 18 year olds and upwards as an
older man.
That’s it.
You don’t need to read anymore if that’s all you wanted to know.
But if you want to see examples of women dating young men, keep reading…

As for women thinking it’s only older men, then you either hiding in some cave or
living as a hermit because it’s happening all around you. You only see what you

want to see and you’re shaming other men and call it civilised doesn’t deﬁne the
men, it deﬁnes your own background, insecurities and perception.

Instead of giving an answer, most gave an emotional bias opinion and your logic
instead of answering the damn question with science because that is what the
question needs.
It needs concrete answers and it can be helpful to the person in understanding
the world around them, human nature and even themselves.
Unfortunately, what I always see is the dissappointing same old social
conditioned mind using emotions which is irrelevant to the question at hand.

Therefore, let me introduce to you older women…who date younger men aged 17
and upwards because this is after all equality.

Caroline Flack 35 year old English television and radio presenter at that time
dating a 17 year old Harry Styles

This is when Almeda aged 71 year old married Gary Hardwick. He was 17…

This is Soryah Wasenius when she was 41-year-old.. dating 20-year-old boyfriend
Jack Button…

This is Megan Hilty when she’s 30 year old… dating a singer called Nick Johnes
when he was 19 year old guy.
So that’s one year less from 18 year old and 3 years from being 16 years old.

This is Jennifer Lopez when she’s 45, dated backup dancer Casper Smart who was
27, is almost 20 years her junior. I think this was 2 years ago.

Demi Moore dating Ashton Kutcher when she was 41 and he was 25

This is Sam and Aaron Taylor and there is a 23 year gap between them

And Kim Cattrall & Alan Wyse…

Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones…

I mean, no young girl will ever pursue and want to date an older guy. Right?

Priscilla was 14 years old when she met Elvis in Wiesbaden…

Humphrey Bogart 45 and 20 year old Lauren Bacall..

Have a nice day….

;)
16.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl plays with my hair in class, is she ﬂirting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only way to know is do what I did when I was at school.
Me - So who’s the guy?
Girl - Huh?
Me - You’re twirling your hair. Who’s the guy?
Girl - No one. It calms me down.
Me - So what do you do when you are into a guy?
Girl *Blushes*
Me - You blush. Hahah. So that’s what you do.
Girl - (blushes even more) OMG! You’re making me feel hot
Me - Oh you’re hot alright ;)
Me - Listen; break is soon, lets talk later
Girl (Giggles) ok, you’re not messing around, are you?
Me - Nah. I like you a lot. You’re cute in a weird way ;)
Girl - (pulls tongue out)
Me - Oh you’ll have some of that too, no worries
Girl - OMG! You’re so bad
Me - I rather be bad than a boring nice guy ;)
30k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't I get an answer with 1k upvotes?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Dec 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can answer that for you from real life example. This answer below got 13.7k
votes…
Adam Taha's answer to I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to
date me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast.
He told me it was okay but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
Now before I go further. I want you to think about something for a moment. Why
do you want 1k votes? Why do you even strive for votes?
I mean, what purpose does it serve you?
I didn’t write the answer for votes.
Seriously. Is it going to make you money? Quora doesn’t pay a dime for you
getting tons of votes. Is it because you have this secret deadly strategy that will
pay oﬀ for you in the real world?
Think about it for a moment. Why are you so interested in having 1k votes? What
beneﬁt in real life, out there, with your bills, debts, living, will it do for you?
I am asking not to belittle you but I am asking because this is part of the answer.
1. I don’t write for 1k votes or 2k votes. Write because it’s your passion.
I write because I LOVE the things I write about. I seriously love it. I crave
writing because I get tons of messages, tons, hundreds of them telling
me their lives have changed. That is my purpose in life. I write about

dating, sex, laws of success, self development and I battle the myths,
fallacies of dating and educate in my own way. I write because I love to
give. It is the most easiest and yet powerful wyt of giving to help other
people.
Why do you write and answer these questions?
It also helps me everytime I write with future ideas for a business. Yes, I
write and the more I do, the more it helps me clear my understanding on
what I am building in future.
Writing helps me in many ways and beauty of it is, the more I give in
writing answers, the more I get back within myself.
It helps me make things crystal clear on the website I am going to build,
the type of content, the research I have done so far on the internet and
even tests out on other websites to ﬁnd I am on target. So the more I
write, more I give, the more life gives back to me with ideas, crystalising
thoughts I have and propelling me foreward.
I also met some of my lovers here and also business connections too, and
lots of skilled people who I will be working with in the future. There’s
much bigger things to aim for than votes.
I make tons of connections on here. Valuable connections.
2. Don’t just write, Focus on a Popular Interest.
Some niches man, they won’t get much readers. Some are not that
popular. Some just don’t really get much people interested in it. It be
some who ask questions about it but seriously, the crowd are not
interested in these topics. So choose topics and niche that are popular
and that you can answer.
If your topic/niche isn’t popular - is there are way you can bring your
personality in, give it a twist. Write based on what you’re passionate
about while ﬁnding and using your true voice.
3. Be yourself. Let your voice shine through
Personality. You’re not just writing. You’re real and so let your passion
come out on the answers. Don’t be afraid to to speak what’s on your
mind. Don’t hide but say what you mean. Be real instead of being
worried what the crowd thinks.
If you read my answers or the one I linked to, it has a personality and
that personality is real. It’s who I am and so, if someone met me from
Quora, they’d not feel any diﬀerent. I am oﬄine as I am online. I am
vocal about dating and other things in life oﬄine as I am on here.
Consistent.
4. Be Consistent
Because I love what I am doing, it’s not forced, I am consistent. I don’t
answer for votes. So the consistency is easy for me. I write because it’s
what I do. It’s who I am. It is what I was born to do. Write. Be consistent.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop being obsessed with a woman that is not
attracted to me? She keeps playing with me, not telling me
directly that she’s not interested, while accepting gifts,
compliments and a lot of attention from me.

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I was you, look under your bed or where your dirty clothes are. You will
probably ﬁnd your balls right there.
Just feel between your legs.
Have you got some? You sure? Ok, I’ll believe you for now.
Stop being a doormat.
Stop buying this woman gifts, giving her compliments and lots of attention. Shut
that shit down now, immediately.
When you do that, most women will psychologically seduce you to be passive,
timid and walk all over you and hand your ass back to you.
You’re not the only one. So how do you then seperate yourself from tons of guys
who do the same thing, over and over again that you’re doing?
1. You don’t invest more until a woman invests in you. That doesn’t mean a
smile from her means she’s interested. That doesn’t mean “Awww thank
you” means she’s interested. That means she says she desires you too.
She puts eﬀort in and it’s mutual, both ways. It’s very clear.
It is a FUCK YES.
Not any of these..
“Maybe, if you try harder.”
“I’m not ready for a relationship right now.”
“I don’t know.”
“I’ll think about it.”
“I’m so busy.”
These mean for you, “Move on. She’s not going to put eﬀort in. She’s shown
her intent. Over and out. Move on.”
It has to be YES.
2. If she doesn’t put eﬀort in, slam the door shut. No, i don’t mean in her
face., I am talking about you investing in her. Don’t invest anymore.
Always invest less by showing intent in the beginning.
You don’t need gifts, kiss ass compliments and giving tons of attention.
You approach to show intent and if she doesn’t, move on.
Now…move on.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

I like this guy I work with. He's been giving me mixed signals
and now he's ignoring me. Should I ignore him altogether?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Mixed signals is due to your own lack of honesty. You see someone you like but
instead of doing something about it, you don’t initiate with showing you desire
the guy. Instead you create confusion for yourself and done by yourself.
You look for signals and hints.
That will confuse and frustrate the guy to ignore you.

I have never met a woman in all these 40 years of my life where she is able to read
my mind. I also cannot read a woman’s mind.
I mean, look at this phrase..
“I like this guy I work with. He’s giving mixed signals and now ignoring me.”
My question to you is, did you approach and ask him out for a drink?
No you didn’t.
You didn’t see mixed signals. You saw the confusion in which you have created
yourself. You did that. Not the guy. You did that because..
You fear rejection.
Then you say..
“Should I ignore him completely.”
You were already..ignoring him. What do you think showing dis-interest is? What
do you think pretending you’re not interested is?
It’s ignoring. You was already doing that in the ﬁrst place. You didn’t do anything.
You didn’t show interest by approaching him, converse, ﬂirt, have a laugh with
him and then ask him to go out for a drink.
Do you really think every guy you meet is going to say yes?
He will never know where you stand until you take action in an attractive manner
and seperate yourself from many who do the hints game.
There are other things to take into consideration.
Guys are used to girls doing these hints and most of the time, they ﬁnd the girl
isn’t interested. So now, most guys don’t approach until the girl shows 100%
interest in the guy. Or if they are very conﬁdent and into the girl in the ﬁrst place,
they’ll approach but even then it’s diﬃcult at work place.
A guy can get done for harrassment so he’s careful not to do anything with
women until he’s very sure. You then got to show that certainty because you’re
the one who likes this guy. For all he knows you might be friendly because it’s
work.
You can approach him and say..
“You know at ﬁrst I wasn’t sure but after talking to you, I like what I am feeling
about you. Let’s go for drink. How about this week?”
Also consider if you want to date someone so close to work. Are you emotionally
strong if things don’t go right?
Is it just too close to home?
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I am in love with my friend but she has a boyfriend. Should I
ignore her completely? How can I make the experience less
painful?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You invest less. You don’t spend tons of time with her. She’s not your girlfriend
and you also set boundaries, where she doesn’t start trying to seek emotional
support from you. Instead, you spend less time with her.

You can still say you’re attracted to her so at least it is there, and she knows but
then spend less time, move on, approach other girls.
You are this way due to you lacking options.
Plenty of girls out there to approach and yet you’re spent way too much time
building some movie in your mind about her, when she has a boyfriend.
Approach other girls, get busy with your life and stop spending tons of time with
her.
That’s how = create options.
If you’re feeling like that now for one girl, it means you lack much experience and
emotional strength and mental toughness that comes from experience.
So limit time with her, and go out in world approaching other girls. Date other
girls because right now, she is not available.
Let her know how you feel but then back oﬀ.
Approach other girls.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 16 year old girl and I'm only attracted to older men in the
range of 30-40. Is that weird?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Weird? No. It’s very common for younger girl to be attracted to older men. I can
see why as well from what a lot of young women I date who are 18 year old, and
who tell me about the immaturity of young guys and how they lack experience in
intimacy, conversation, and life experience in general and more.
So no, it’s not weird at all.
I’m not surprised at all.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

What's the point of being in a relationship if It's not going to
lead to marriage?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s the point working in a company when you might be ﬁred one day?
What’s the point even going to school when jobs are not secure anymore?
What’s the point of starting a business when failure rate seems high?
I mean what’s the point?
Because not everyone give a shit about marriage. Not everyone wants to get
married. There isn’t one type of relationship model.
Everyone doesn’t want to marry, have a picket white fence, mortgage, 4 children,
divource later on with tons of money to pay out courts, lawyers and lots of the
stuﬀ Disney doesn’t show.
Everyone is diﬀerent with diﬀerent needs and diﬀerent idea of what they want
out of a relationship.
Whatever you want is your business. Whatever someone else want is their
business. You just focus on your life and do whatever.

Far too many asking questions about other people, like everyone has to conform
to their ideals or someone elses.
There is no true path.
Just the one that you like to follow. That’s really it.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with the madness of the world?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Control?
Mate, you can’t even control a damn tree. Can you stop that leaves fall from the
tree? No.
Can you wake some people up from the illusion that came from their own
background, social conditioning on why they are single because “I believe in
love?” meaning “I am scared of being vulnerable,” like love is something that
magically just happens. No you can’t.
Can you control anything?
Yes. Our thoughts. Now that is where you are bullshit yourself and everyone here.
You can focus on negativity or positive.
You cannot focus on both at the same time.
You have that choice which to focus on the most,
That is what this is all about. Not about madness of the world. Not about
anything but you’re own attitude.
I don’t want to control anything except on what thoughts I focus on the most.
That is something that took training and discipline.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think dating a coworker is a good idea?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if you want to come to work to sit next to the person you have been dating
and broke up….feeling the eery silence, awkwardiness, as you heart pound and
reach your throat….sweat through the day, pretendng she/he doesn’t exist and
wonder why did you think with your dick or pussy.
Wondering why didn’t you just dated someone so far away that if anything
happened…you will never see them again!
So if you want the headache then by all means, go ahead.
If your life hasn’t got enough drama, go ahead.
If you want to bang your head on the desk time and time again, then go ahead.
If you want to pretend you didn’t see the person walking towards you, go ahead.
If you want to walk like you need a pee due to them appearing in front of you, go
ahead.
I just cannot be assed with the drama.
Plenty of women out there. I keep both of these world seperate.

3.6k Views · View Upvoters

When you are lonely, do you think about others who are in
wonderful relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because while some see loneliness as a curse, I saw it as a gift. I saw solitude as
a gift to grow, learn, invest and really, I don’t need a woman to ﬁll some void. The
one who feels lonely and thinks it’s due to lack of relationship is someone who
doesn’t get it yet.
They’d probably fuck the relationship if they had one by being possessive and
jealous, ﬁlled up with all kinds of negative social norms like shame about sex,
shame about nakedness, shame about this and that, fear of abandonments and
have limited knowledge and experiences.
When I was alone I wasn’t thinking about other people and their wonderful
relationships. I was thinking this..
1. How do I get this idea to work?
2. How do I get this business developed
3. What strategy do I need and how far do I need to plan
4. What tasks I need to achieve these goals
5. What obstacles are ahead and what to put in place to overcome them
6. How do I creatively turn my passion in sex, dating, music and arts as a
brand that helps other people and makes me tons of money, to then
invest in helping more people out in world
7. What social skills I need to learn?
8. What seduction knowledge and skills I need to learn
9. What marketing knowledge and skills I need
10. Who do I need to partner with and who to avoid
11. How come this client is not getting lots of leads from dating website?
Holy shit, now I see. Their photos are crap and their proﬁle text needs
work, and their skill in dating and screening people is shit. Ok what
knowledge to provide to this client so he/she can move forward
12. What knowledge I need to create that will beneﬁt my clients more
It was never really about what other people were doing or achieving.
I don’t give a shit. I don’t compare my life with other people and I don’t see
loneliness as loneliness. I see it as time for myself. A time of reﬂection, getting
organised, building myself from the inside not loneliness.
So no, I was never lonely.
I was loving my solitude and I still do. I see it as a blessing when it happens,
which by the way is very rare, but when it happens, I embrace it for what it is.
A gift.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it hard for me to get a boyfriend even though I am
approached a lot?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The many women who ask this I ﬁnd this is the problem..
Guy - Hey, how you doing
Her - Good thanks
Guy - You’re cute
Her - Thanks
Guy - (silence)
Guy - Well cya
You get approached, you probably get compliments but do nothing.
You show disinterested. You show emotional coldness. You don’t initiate and
expand the conversation. So the guys just think..
“She’s not available. Probably got a boyfriend or judging me as a player.”
Then they move on because we guys know girls, when being approached usually
up their asses with judging the guy if he just..
“Wants to use me for sex.”
The amount of time I have seen friends, who are girls getting approached is crazy
and do that same thing and complain for me to say…
“What the fuck do you expect, You don’t even try. You expect them to do everything.
This is 2016. Talk. Flirt. Do something to show you’re interested !”
It’s the same old story.
That this is not 1950’s and Cinderalla, where the guy keeps going until she starts
talking, is a fairytale. If you don’t talk, ﬂirt, show interest in the real world, then
of course you’re not going to get guys asking you out or even trying any further.
9.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a man argue, as one of the reasons why he's
marrying a woman, that he's seen photos that show she was
pretty hot when she was younger?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what the problem is?
Women talking and thinking to a man like he’s a woman. They don’t get it. He’s a
man and so he’s saying something totally diﬀerent than what everyone else
intrepret as.
Also the word “argue.” He wasn’t arguing. He’s a man stating his opinion.
He’s isn’t saying, “I am marrying her because I saw a photo of her and she was
hot.”
He is saying about his FEELINGS when he ﬁrst saw her. That which aroused him,
captivated him to want…to…ﬁnd..out more.
The way a woman sees a man and she’s like..
“And when I saw him for the ﬁrst time, I felt it, it made sense being with him,
even when I then talked to him, spent time with him, I sensed it as right, like it
meant to be..”
But man doesn’t talk like that. Man says..
“I saw her ﬁrst time and fuck me, what a knockout.”
For some men it is easier to speak with emotional terms but not all of us. Not all
men speak like that. We like to hide our emotions on who we like and we love and

not talk in that way in front of people.
Because we know people. They fucking judge like they are doing right now. Man
says something and suddenly, judging him for what he said. No one really knows
what’s inside of the man and he’s not going to just open up because someone
asked why he’s marrying her.
So there’s nothing wrong with what he said about why he wants to marry her.
That’s his emotional language. He isn’t going to say to you or anyone else..
“Oh and I felt this sense..”
Of course he isn’t because man has been conditioned not to talk this way and
show emotions, and so he says it in a way that he feels as a man without showing
emotions. He will only show these emotions, these words to that woman not
everyone around him.
I don’t go oﬀ saying..
“And the ﬁrst time I met her, I loved the way she speaks and..”
No. I will say “I saw her and man I was so hooked. The way she looked, sexy as
hell.”
But if I was with her my language will be diﬀerent and that language is for her
alone and every person around the table isn’t going to hear that. Why the should
they? I mean look now how people judge.
I would say to her and only her, not anyone else out there, that…
“Baby, the moment I saw you, I felt this feeling overwhelm me. I sensed right there
and then, you are the one. It felt all the stars aligned and the world around me
faded away and all I saw was you, all I heard was you, and all I wanted right now
and then is you. The feeling I felt that day when I ﬁrst saw you is still with me all
those years, and stronger than before..”
That’s what as a man I’d say to her but to everyone won’t hear that.
It’s personal and it’s not something I want to say around a table of friends either
or anyone else.
I’d say totally diﬀerent because in society we are conditioned as men to not show
emotion. So we don’t show it only to one we know we can.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What question as a woman can I ask a man if he is in a
relationship, without being rude?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - Are you in a relationship?
Me - Why do you ask?
Woman - Oh just asking
Me - I see. It’s not that important then.
That’s what women get who dance around due to fear or rejection. How about
stop dancing around the issue and just ask..
Woman - I just want to know if you feel same way. I’m attracted to you and I like
to get to know you.
Just go straight in and say it.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if my friend keeps liking the same guy as me
CONSTANTLY?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s easy.
You keep your mouth shut and stop talking about some guy you like to get
validation from people. So that’s really it. Don’t say anything. Do things quietly
and seal the deal is what you do.
It’s not rocket science.
Keep quiet on who you’re attracted to until it’s oﬃcial. Most people can’t seem to
do because they got to tell someone to get validation from someone else.
You got no one to impress. Forget all this validation stuﬀ.
Second, dump your friend. Cut her oﬀ. You don’t owe her shit. She doesn’t go oﬀ
telling you who you can speak, ﬂirt with, date and fuck.
That’s not s friend.
That’s a parasite that feeds oﬀ you.
This really isn’t even about your friend. This is about your own insecurities, being
friends with someone who walks all over you for validation, for seeking attention,
because you’re so scared to be alone.
I rather be alone than have a friend like that.
The guys are no one’s property. You can go and talk to any guy even if she likes
him. They are not dating and if she tries to saying something, call her out. Tell
her straight who she is.
So do whatever you want. Be whatever you want and tell her to go to crawl back
from the hole she came from.
You don’t need enemies when you got friends like that.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my boyfriend looks at another girls breasts?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re friend must have had a boring day and thought she will tell you something
to feel important. She must have loved attention she got from you on how she
brought you some information.
It’s called…gossip. It’s called jealousy. It’s called causing trouble to feed on your
insecurities because that’s the problem. Not that he looks at a girls breasts.
I look at woman’s breasts, ass, legs.
It’s natural.
Be careful of people like that who cause trouble. They are sniﬃng for cracks in
your relationship or desire to create doubt and create those cracks. I cannot stand
people like that. They very, what do you call them, oh yes…slimey piece of shits.
One of my lovers had that and she just replied..
“Yes, I know. That’s what I love about him. He loves women’s tits and when he comes
come, OMG, we need a new bed. Hahaha.”

Show conﬁdence in yourself and that there is no problem in your relationship.
Don’t go oﬀ so surprised, and “OMG what?”
Do yourself a favour, take what others saw your boyfriend do with a pinch of salt.
Then use that information, and show your cleavage at your boyfriend to stare.
He’ll love it ;)
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

What goes through your mind when you get rejected by a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When and if I do get rejections which isn’t often as it used to be..
1. Which girl to approach next
2. Which fuckbuddy to call next
3. What new positions to try out
4. If they bought the ass plugs
5. And if Nandos open because I’m hungry
And by the time week is over I would have got laid enough times, had fun, and
she will be some distant mirage, an event that didn’t happen and was just a
dream.
When you got options, believe me, your state of frame is very diﬀerent to typical
average guys who haven’t got options.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my husband always wants me to buy
sunglasses and long boots?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. He thinks your sexy
2. He thinks your gorgeous
3. He thinks you’re just so damn cute
4. He thinks you’re super woman
5. And he wants the world to know, he’s got a hot, sexy, woman
6. Oh and it turns him so on because you’re looks are stunning in his eyes
That’s what it means ;)
Now tell him he needs to hit the gym, get rid of his belly ﬁrst and then you’ll get
some sunglasses and black long sexy boots.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How come guys often neglect to mention the fact that they have
a girlfriend in their conversations with women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s very simple.
I mean it’s so simple you won’t believe.
You ready?

Because most women don’t ask ;)
They are too busy thinking..
“Does he want to use me for sex?”
“Is he a player?”
“Will he use me for sex and leave?”
“Have I left the cooker on?”
“Does he like women wearing ass plug?”
“I wonder..if he has super powers in bed?”
“OMG! I wonder what Tracy meant about the assignment the other day?”
“Does my hair look alright?”
“Is my ass looking ﬁne?”
“Has he noticed?”
That you so into your head, you forget asking the right questions and we, men, if
you haven’t noticed by now, we can’t read women’s minds.
I mean they somehow give us credit that we can. Must be all the comics they read
or Bollywood movies of ﬂying man who can read women’s minds. Or their friends
told them that men can read women’s minds and hints.
Bu we can’t.
So just ask but just note if it’s a woman asking me, my answer would be..
Woman - Have you got a girlfriend?
Me - Yeah, I got 3 actually. Do you want one? ;)
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Man hasn't asked for a date and it's been 5 days. He's also
stopped texting me and our last texts took him hours to answer.
Am I ghosted?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From reading your comments you say you are traditional, and don’t want to take
initiate like a mature adult to call the guy because it looks desperate.
To a guy it shows lack of interest and emotionally cold.
That means you probably did all those dating rules most insecure women play,
playing hard to get and dangle sex like a carrot too. No wonder he’s not bothering
after dating you 5 times.
Of course he’s not going to bother if you behave in this manner. Man can take so
much and then moves on to someone else.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my friend keep saying my boyfriend is not
handsome? We're all almost 30 and whenever I say his name
during conversations, she takes it as a chance to remind me she
doesn't like him. Why does she insist? What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The real question is why you even have a friend like that and how come you
haven’t put boundaries with your friend.
If she doesn’t respect your boundaries then don’t have her in your life. The last
thing anyone needs is some friend who talks a lot of shit about their decisions. A
friend will air their concern in a respectable manner.

Your friend insists because you let her. She thinks she can say whatever she
wants. She continues because you haven’t said anything to let her know she
cannot speak to you about your boyfriend, in this manner or any manner.
That your personal life is personal and she needs to keep out of it.
So set the boundaries and if she doesn’t respect them, then decide what is
important to you. Being passive-aggresive or being someone who doesn’t let
people being rude to you because they got an opinion.
Your social circle is suppose to make you feel good, support you, not talk rude to
you and behave in this manner. If she has news about him then she needed to
speak politely to you as a friend
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

How could my crush change after all that we went through?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is this “crush.”
Guys cannot read your mind and far too many girls do what most guys do. Behave
passive and do not understand attraction.
One of the most powerful steps of attraction, if ever one wants to ignite it, is
boldness and for a girl it is being feminine, not a friend, not behaving as a pal, a
mate, doing small talk but..arousing, being ﬂirtatious, turning the guy on.
From reading tour details, there was none of that and all it was this..
“Crush Behaviour.”
That you behaved in safe mode. You behaved with this passive-aggressiveness.
You behaved by not showing your intent. You behaved with your intent
under..the..radar. That’s what crus is.
You like someone but you don’t say anything regarding it.
It’s always boring shit talk. It’s always looking for signs, hints, signals and the guy,
if he had any feeling of attraction, it be dead because of that.
This what I see is a behaviour of friendship, not romantic, not showing attraction
to guy and much I bet is small talk, not about your interest in him.
So of course nothing is going to happen and so a guy’s attention will go
somewhere else, whatever it goes because there is nothing saying to him..
“Hey, I am so into you, I desire you.”
Nothing whatsover.
And just doing the same thing again, going to “talk” and hiding this intent isn’t
going to change anything. It only builds on the thing you keep doing..
Building Comfort.
Comfort is not attraction. Comfort is all about someone’s life, personal stuﬀ,
home work, studying, bla bla blah.
This is how it goes..
Attraction - Qualify - Comfort - Seduction
You’re working it like most typical girls and guys….
Comfort - Comfort - Comfort - Comfort = Zoned. friend. Done. Finished!

You need to make a decision. Far too many worry about this here..
“Oh I will lose a friend.”
Friend ﬂy, they move on, some change and so you will see that most of who you
thought were friends, move on. Some dissappear. Some grow. Some change the
way they see things in life and some, will stay as friends but even they wll have a
life.
So if you’re not someone like really connected in a romantic way then there are
things in life that distracts a guy. Called life, other friends, studies, stress and
whatever comes along.
Why then would a guy really see you standing out from all this?
Even then you might ﬁnd much of the time, the guys you date at school, stops.
They move to college, leave city, maybe 5 hours away etc.
You’re going to lose more than that, such as you regretting this for a long time if
you’re so into the guy.
Carrying some memory like a burden on how you knew some guy, didn’t
approach and will never know. The “what if..” roaming your mind always.
You’re going to look back and wish you made a move and not because he will say
yes or not, but this…right here..which girls and guys just don’t get..is what makes
you grow in conﬁdence. You grow.
It also prevents you carrying some burden which is what a regret is. Rather get it
over with than wondering for rest of school, college and whatever, if there was a
chance.
Playing safe personally isn’t attractive.
It doesn’t make you diﬀerent to other people. It doesn’t make you stand out. It’s
just you are working under radar. It’s a crush but without action which is just a
waste of time, energy and eﬀort.
If you don’t make the move you lower your self esteem.
It carries on to the next phase
1. You show intent. You don’t have to like say “I so want to ride you now.”
You say to him that you like him but more than a friend, and you want to
see where it goes.
2. Qualify is him must show interest back and it shows you if he is into you
too. If he doesn’t pass this, move on. Don’t waste time.
So you then for him to show interest “I want to know do you feel the
same way because if not, I can move on. ..”
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Katrina Mazzocchi

Why would a girl text me that she didn't see my text a month
later?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Bullshit man. She saw it and she is now trying to see if you’re a guy who is
desperate, want emotional support, throws you a bone, and see if you jump.
Ignore what she said.
It’s her trying to get attention and emotional support.

Instead, don’t play safe, don’t be this nice guy. Maybe her boyfriend is out of
picture or she is losing attraction with him.
So text back but fun, ignore what she said.
“Hey sexy, I was going to send Ninja’s to hunt your ass down ;) what you up
to?”
So be a lover, don’t behave as a friend. If she still has a boyfriend, just behave as
lover, don’t text back and forth like you ain’t got a life. She’s not your lover. That’s
for lovers you date and communicate with.
Instead, be busy, approach other girls and put her on side, be bold with texting
when she replies and don’t worry if she gets oﬀended.
You’re not here to kiss her ass and behave as some friend.
10.5k Views · View Upvoters

What are some good subtle ways to let a girl know I am
interested in her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Subtle. No problem mate. This is how I do subtle…
Me - Hey there, I only got a minute. I’m a working on a book on the lamest pick up
lines women get. (get my note pad acting all oﬃcial)
Girl - Hahaha. ok.
Me - See these 3 pick up up lines, which one you think is really bad..
1. Babe, you and me, right now, round the corner
2. You got great eyes (but looking at your chest)
3. Hi, do you have a boyfriend
4. Or can you beat all these 3 with one you had.
Girl - Hahaha. I’d say 2 but worst one I had was blah blah blah
Me - Awesome. Just need to sign it with your number.
Girl - OMG! You’re picking me up!
Me - Of course, You got great eyes (looking at her chest)
Girl - You’re so bad.
Me - I know but hey, imagine the fun we are going to have.
Now when I am direct and can’t be assed…
Me - Hey there, I only got a minute but you look like someone who will know
what I’m looking for.
Girl - erm ok
Me - (I describe her) I’m looking for a 6ft1 tall blonde girl, she’s smart, I mean if I
approached her now, she be like WOW, got to get his number. She wears light blue
tinted glasses, got a brown bag, and fuck shoes…I mean high heels ;)
Girl - OMG haha.
Me - And she says OMG a lot.
Girl - Hahaha. You’re a player aren’t you?

Me - It takes one to know one. Now, what you’re doing around here stopping
traﬃc and causing mayhem. I mean look at the mess you’ve caused.
Girl - Hahaha. You’re good but do you have a girlfriend?
Me - Only on Wednesday. Here’s my phone, let’s stop some more traﬃc on
saturday night, great party happening at Kasbah and music is so damn ﬁne, and
we’ll have fun
Me - Oh just one thing
Girl - Yes?
Me - You’re not one of those weirdo’s are you who ask “what are we?” and ﬂaking
and telling me you got a cold.
Girl - Hahaha. No, I hate games. I want to have fun. So saturday, you’ll text me.
Me - Yes and I hope you’re fun with texting as you are face to face
Girl - What’s your name?
Me - Give me your phone. (add my name and number)
Girl - Master. Hahaha. That’s your name?
Me - Yes, always call me Master or you get your ass slapped ;)
Girl - I like the sound of that. Master. You’re so…
Me - Fun, wild, adventureous and you know the boring days with boring shit guys
are over
Girl - Hahaha. Yeah I am so over nice guys. Text me ok
Me - See you Saturday ;)
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

When texting a girl, how do I keep the discussion interesting,
and give hints that I like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know the diﬀerence between girls and guys? Their process in thinking is very
diﬀerent to guys. Their process of approaching diﬀerent is very diﬀerent to men.
What they are attracted to is much more than most guys thinks.
One of these things is this…
They take conﬁdence in a guy very seriously.
The amount of girls complain on where the guys with balls have gone is crazy.
You won’t believe the amount of girls also out there that think most guys have
become pussies. Passive-aggressive, not manly, behaves in a manner in which
hides his desire for her and behaves like some friend, platonic, like a brother.
I mean, what the heck got into you, to take a number, a phone number from a girl
without ﬁrst showing you’re interested in her and make that clear ﬁrst?
This is how you get your ass handed back to you and whether people want to tell
others it exist or not, this is what zones guys deep into the antartic.
You know how many guys do that?
Many. Your behaviour is not unique for a girl to roll her eyes at what you are
doing. It’s needy, desperate and it doesn’t project conﬁdence.

There are only two types of guys..
1. The strong
2. The weak
The strong approach and show their intent. They don’t waste time on one girl but
approach immediately to ﬁnd out..
1. If she’s really the girl they’d like to date
2. If so, they are playful, fun, conﬁdence and arouses her to feel excited
3. They show the girl their desire for her which helps them invest less
4. Because then if she says no, they didn’t do what so many typical guys do,
spending hours, weeks, months texting, doing all that work to ﬁnd she
isn’t that interested anyway.
5. If she says no in beginning, awesome! If she says YES, awesome. Now he
gets her number. The purpose is clear between he and the girl!
6. If it’s a no or she’s playing the play to get, the guy can now move on real
fast to another girl.
7. Here’s the best part…he hasn’t emotionally invested lots of time, being
her friend, behaving like some brother, like one of her girl-friends. He
doesn’t get hit hard due to the rejection because…he..invested..less. If
she says no after all the time he has put in, he will get so hurt you won’t
believe. It causes trauma for some guys.
8. He has options. He hasn’t fallen for the Disney crap. He knows he needs
lots of girls who are interested in him. He screens each other, focuses
more time on the girl that shows more interest back and when he found
that one girl, he lets the others go. OR.. if he’s like me, non-monagmous,
I’ll date other girls too and all will know where we all stand. I hide
nothing. Everything is on board.
So texting and phone is not about you sending hints to see if she likes you or she
learns that you like her.
It is to build on the attraction that is already there and move quickly to meeting
face to face and get it rocking.
You are doing it upside down.
You got her number and you haven’t shown intent. You haven’t shown you desire
her. That will frustrate you like crazy and she will probably know, and she will
probably do what most girls do.
Use your time, love the attention and later on, tell you..
“Oh and my boyfriend blah blah?”
“Oh I met this awesome guy blah blah.”
And you can blame her but seriously, it’s not her fault.
She didn’t tell you to invest time, emotions kissing her ass. She didn’t hear you
say it clearly from day one that you are interested in her, giving her a choice to say
yes or no.
Instead you try and manipulate, be a pussy footing nice guy, pretending to be
friends, under the radar, sending hints like a coward, because you fear rejections.
Stop with the texting and hints, and approach her face to face ﬁrst.
Let her make her decision. Let her excercise that choice without manipulation.
Be conﬁdent and just let go of the Disney crap where you put her on some

pedestal, thinking “she’s the one.”
Correct your behaviour.
Girls like conﬁdent guys. They don’t want the frustration of wondering why
you’re acting weird and also realising you are manipulating them.
Don’t do that.
Be honest. Be open. Be direct.
Get phase 1 out of the way - show intent. Let her know you desire her, don’t be
serious, be playful, fun and then see if she is also interested in you.
If not, if she doesn’t give FUCK YES, then nothing else matters.
You move the hell on and done so without investing far too much or she will rip
your heart out and hand it right back to you and you cannot blame her.
You behaved like the guys she’s just not attracted to.
What girl is attracted to a guy who doesn’t believe in himself?
52.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal that I'm more into getting girl to like me than I am
to into being in a relationship with her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes because your not some needy, desperate guy who fallen for the Disney eﬀect
to ever go into a relationship with any girl until you ﬁrst got to know the girl. I
mean, who the fuck, seriously, who the hell even thinks of getting into
relationship with anyone until they haven’t gone through some phases with the
person ﬁrst?
So of course you want to ﬁrst build attraction, date, be emotional and physically,
sexually intimate and see how it goes before you start diving into a relationship.
The thing I am concerned about is “getting girl to like you.”
She has to show interest too. It’s not one way. Don’t go oﬀ investing tones of time
without her showing interest, and that means..
1. You approached her.
2. Showed intent
3. She said yes.
If she doesn’t show intent, then move on. This is how it goes or you’re wasting
time and you’ll become like most guys, a friend, a platonic, and she will see you
as a brother.
As for relationship - nothing wrong with getting to ﬁrst date, be intimate, sexual,
etc before talks on relationships. You don’t know her that well and she hasn’t
emotionally invested with actions I have mentioned.
778 Views · View Upvoters

What do you look like as a programmer? I’ve been doing this job
alone for the last 5 years and have never seen any other
programmer in real life. People assume that all programmers
look like nerds with glasses. What do you think?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Programmers I know look like…

The programmers I know I am dating some are hot, sexy, and some, I read more
than them, they are very outgoing, not awkward at all and very good with people.
Many are promoted to high level team leaders, amazing with people, not
awkward, many become CEOs like Hilary Roland..
Man, if someone asked me “ok who you going to bring to Party?”
I’d call all the programmers I know and I promise you, they would turn up the
heat to the party. I am dating three women right now who are coders and they are
smart, funny, and sexy hot too.
I mean they turn people’s heads…Men and Women’s heads.
And from media and all I see, most don’t show programmers in that way and it’s
kind of ridicolous. I know one Coder who is from China, and shes crazy man and
her style of clothes, gorgeous.
Knows how to line up the clothes with style to go with her petite curves. And she
rides so damn good and comfortable with her body and sex. She’s got sexual
appeal, intelligence, outgoing personality and amazing to conversationalists.
Sexual conﬁdence overﬂowing the cup.
And she paves the way for many ideas for companies who hire her.
So coders are people, diverse in personality, attitude, perception, conﬁdence; like
everyone else. You then attract who you are.
If you’re socially awkward, you attract most who are socially awkward. If you’re
outgoing, you’ll bump into a lot of coders who are outgoing. If you’re an
innovator, you meet and date innovators who blaze their own path…

They are many who are trendsetters in ideas, music, fashion, arts, design. They
are not just into coding, not into reading a lot talking about coding..websites etc
cetre. They talk about other things.
Many I know are fun, adventureous and when you sit with them, especially
women I know, they make you feel alive. They are buzzing.
Oh and sex…FANTASTIC! I mean they know how to have sex. That doesn’t mean
all programmers do but I just attract women who are very sexual like myself, with
high sexual drive and don’t give a shit about social norms.
Since I am a lover who date multiple women and with high sexual drive, I attract
who I am. Lovers, sexually conﬁdent women, direct in saying they desire you,
they don’t hold back with sex talk, ﬂirting, saying what they desire, what sex
positions they love and we talk a lot about sex, and do a lot of dirty sexy talking
by text, messaging, and when we meet the connection is incredible.
So all that most worry about, we threw out of the window and don’t give a damn
about it. Sex is natural for us, not a taboo and so I attract women who are similar
and some are developers for websites and some game developers, others are
environmentalis, artists, graphic designers designers, authors, fashion designers.
My world though is ﬁlled with coders because I am in London and due to women
I date, I meet many more women who are developers for diﬀerent types of
industries.
When job is over - they are switched oﬀ to party, have fun, meet friends, go to bar,
socialise. They dress real good, look after their body, hit the gym and do most of
what goes against the generalisation regarding programmers.

Many I know are leading pioneers and can kick ass when it comes to creativity,
leadership and damn good with people. Their conversation skills is right up
there. I mean they are masters at it and not awkward at all.
Do I meet some who are socially awkward? Yes, sure but if you give time to know
them, watch how they step out of their shell with a burst of energy and then..they
want their quiet time.
Everyone is diﬀerent with their uniquiness, atttude to life, perception and social
life. Some don’t have much of a social life but other developers do. lots of it.
Here’s Jade Raymond…
She helps teams make games. That’s what it says on her Twitter proﬁle. Humble.
She does a lot more than that. One of the women I truly admire…

He track record speaks for itself. I mean as a teenager she didn’t sit around
waiting for life to hand her anything.
She did night shifts working as a hospital switchboard operator. Part of her job
involved calling "Code-Green" or "Code-Red" over the loud speaker and paging
hospital staﬀ when there were emergencies.
Later, she studied computer science at McGill University and after graduating
with a college degree, her ﬁrst job was programming games at Sony. She got her
head screwed right. Smart, you can sense she is fun and kickass.
As you can see, mainstream media doesn’t really show a diversity of image,
stories, lifestyle journies, personalities when it comes to developers.

They do that with a lot of things but here you see a smart woman, got her head
screwed right and she looks amazing. Oh yeah, love the ﬂowing hair and that
look. Oh yeah. Badass!

Jade is now known to game fans throughout the world.
She helps out other game designers and producers by interviewing them for the
show, which allows fans to put faces with names.
Tracy Cho and if I’m right (Pininterest and Quora)

Holds both a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering supported by a Master’s
degrees in Computer Science from the Stanford University. Before joining hands
with Pinterest, Tracy Chou is known to have worked as a software engineer with
Quora.
From reading about Tracy Cho, I think she’s kickass awesome. Great fucking
mind. All of these women have great minds and have blazed their own path.
That to me is so damn sexy. Love the attitude.
Can you imagine what you can learn from just dating these women? Holy shit
man. You’re eyes will open up to see a world you never thought existed.
You’re mind will stretch and they be challenging too in how they pursue their
goals, dreams and see world in a more positive. They are go getters.
So forget generalising and that’s what this question does because everyone, like
myself will give you opinions.

But there will be someone else who knows programmers who are awkward, not
into trends, doesn’t look after their body, doesn’t eat well and talks all damn day
about coding and stuﬀ to bore you to tears hahaha.
You’ll ﬁnd developers who are not good with men and women.
There is no solid answer for this question except people are diﬀerent. Developers
will be diﬀerent in personality, creativity, people skills and interests.
100.2k Views · View Upvoters

Can a woman's sex drive be increased?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes a woman’s sex drive can be increased but ﬁrst lets look at cactors which can
cause low sex drive or low Libido
1. Psychological
This is caused by psychological issues which are most common, such as anxiety,
stress, lose of intimacy, depression, relationship problems, lack of emotional
connectiong and communication, challenges and crises in your ﬁnancial life and
personal life. Also other psycological causes which you can ﬁnd out more from
qualiﬁed experts.
So when a woman is be consumed by stress in her life; harbors stressful thoughts
in her mind then it can also lead to headaches, tiredness, fatigue, mood in which
she doesn’t feel wanting to sex.
All directly linked to the low mood and low sex drive.
Hormonal/Testosterone.
Women’s libido is aﬀected by the amount of testosterone in her body. As she ages,
testosterone levels decrease and your libido declines.
Low Blood Flow to Woman’s Genital
Low blood ﬂow to genetails is responsible for low sex dry, such as high
cholesterol, if you don’t excercise, eat the right food, have a healthy consisten
routine and if you take sugary stuﬀ like juices and artiﬁcial food it’s not good.
It can later lead to diabetes if you have reduce blood ﬂow.It

all adds up later.

Again consult a qualiﬁed expert as I share this part - to stimulate the clitoral
blood ﬂow and arousal, L-Arginine is potent amino acide which opens the blood
vesses. It aloows the arousal and your desire for sex to heighten.
Solutions To Increase Sex Drive
1. Exercise
We’ve learnt low testosterone is responsible for low libido. Exercising
will elp promote testosterone levels in women and plays a role in
stimulating a woman’s libido.
Levels of testosterone increases about 20 minutes an exercise session
and will remain for 1–2–3 hours after the exercise. Depending on the
person and of course what they are doing to excercise.
It also release endorphins in the brain, which promote feelings of
happiness and pleasure. Your low sex drive is connected to low mood. So
when you excercise and eat good healthy regular food it will all help
towards boost your testosterone levels, which aﬀects your mood, and sex
drive!

2. Natural Herbal Remedies
Herbal remedies work to increase blood ﬂow. The diﬀerence is a safe
solution without all the health risks testosterone medications oﬀer. Still,
please consult an qualiﬁed expert on the Herbals and also creams which
can be used
3. Yoga
Yoga will help you relax, clear your mind of anxiety, depression to destress. It is a healthy way for your blood ﬂow throughout the body, which
we see now how it is crucial in restoring your libido - sex drive.
It will help to increase your energy, works on your ﬂexibility and body
posture, which if not taken care of can cause anxiety to your body. It’s
why I learnt about trigger points, that enabled me to help lovers when in
pain even when young as 18 year old, their body was hurting. Knowing
these trigger points and certain excercises helped them greately, relieved
them oﬀ the pain.
3. Aphrodisiacs, such as certain foods and herbal teas, only boost your
libido if you are absolutely convinced they will. (The placebo eﬀect kicks
in.)
Yohimbe, made from an African tree root, does get the blood racing, and
some of it races into the genitals. The accelerated heartbeat
accompanying all that can be a little scary.
Do your research on the side eﬀects before trying yohimbe.
Creams and gels applied to the clitoris to stimulatearousal do generate
heat—and sometimes allergic reactions.
4. Learn about your body
Be comfortable with your sexuality, your body and who you are. Explore
your body and enjoy pleasuring yourself. Read as much as you can and
enjoy acquiring the knowledge to help you know much more about you.
Use your ﬁngers, sex toys, have fun, and grow in conﬁdence. Get the
blood ﬂowing, memory ﬂowing, the body working and take your state to
a higher level. Get sweating, get wet, ﬂood the bedsheets. That’s an
excercise in itself and also helps you grow in conﬁdence and being
comfortable.
I even watch my lovers play with themselves. That’s how conﬁdent they
are about their body and who they are. It will take time for most to get to
this level due to the social conditioning of sex, with shame and guilty
and bullslhit morality talk I keep hearing to cover all these issues.
Finally…
5. Setting the Mood.
Creating a mood is making the person comfortable, listening more,
engaging the mind of the person, making sure the environment is stress
free, ignite your lovers imagination, less touching and more conversing
ﬁrst, take interest in your lover, create sexual tension that when your
ﬁngers or lips touch…it sends them wild!
Communicate with your lover, let your lover know to help you feel
aroused and both have a richer experience. Some men don’t know this
and this what I am sharing is very basic. Communicate and let your lover
learn from you and you learn from your lover.

Together, educate each other and learn for a richer experience.
Take time to set the mood, long before the bedroom or wherever you
have sex. Making sure sure lots of foreplay with words ﬁrst, use the tools
you got like texting, phone, images that turn each other on, talk dirty, let
go, don’t laugh or mock your lover if they don’t know how, help them,
encourage, inspire, arouse..
Ignite each others emotions and fantasies. Dare to go beyond to excite
and arouse each other. Let it happen. Do it. Go for it.
Then when you are together, sort out the environment, dim the lights,
get rid of the clutter, put some light music or sounds of orgasm for fun,
role play. Prepare these things in advance. Make that space for pleasure.
Create the romantic and sexual tension……meet somewhere like you don’t know
each other and approach and be someone she fantasies about and you do same
for her.
When alone, use phyiscal touch foreplay…
Combine all of the above and you got yourself an amazing process to increase
sexual drive.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Can ugly girls like me pay guys to date them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is an image, one image of a woman who captivated men. Hollywood,
mainstream and all the information you get about her in the mainstream tells
you she is so gorgeous, beautiful that her outer beauty just makes all men of
power stand still to desire her.
But I have a surprise for you that will shock you…keep reading…
This woman even had Ceasar fall for her and you may have seen her in movies as
someone beautiful, gorgeous, sexy in all her beauty and looks.
Wherever you go, whether websites and books, you’ll hear she is renowned for her
beauty and i’m going to show 5 images that the mainstream banged out for
people to believe that she was renowned due to her outer beauty.

It’s actually made up by hollywood as I show you what she really looks like.
If ever there was a close resemblence of Cleopatra it be this..

Not even close to what Hollywood and to what people have been conditioned
with to believe. These sculptures of her were carved in a time of Roman
dominance.
The marble busts of Cleopatra do not reveal a ravishing beauty mainstream has
shoved into societies mind.
They wouldn’t because it’s all about proﬁt. It sells. It makes money. They had to
have a woman who is attractive from outer look.

Imagine you are a woman, in this world of Kings, Knights, Warriors, of
Masculinity and the environment is deadly. Women couldn’t really pick up a

sword and start doing what most men do. They had to do something else ﬁrst if
they were to pick up arms.
How did women attract the rich, the nobles, the kings, the princes, the knights,
the good looking, the pioneer to men like Ceasar?
To be able to sit on the the throne?
To rule a nation?
Yes, there were women in those times who achieved this and there were women
who got burnt to the stake, and called witches for they could attract men of any
status, due to the knowledge they had in regards to science, the mind, and all that
most thought they should never have.
Hence, that is why women are insecure about their bodies, ashamed about their
nakedness, seeing themselves as ugly, or unﬁt, or without, or incomplete, and
ashamed of their sexuality due to the lies created from superstition to make them
believe that their power comes from outer beauty.
They burned these women, they hunted them down, they tried every possible
way in years to come to remove all their rights, even for voting and leadership.
So how would an average looking woman, knowing this, be able to raise in the
rank in status, power without getting her head chopped oﬀ or burnt to the stake,
marry someone rich, or a lover she desires, or sit on the throne against such
political brutish and yet silent sinister manipulation that can end her life?
It wasn’t done by a woman’s outer beauty.

Women who thought it was the looks, had their head chopped oﬀ when Kings
were bored of them. Beauty from outside was ok for a moment, for a time, but it
had it’s limits. It did not really do much good for women in those days.
So what was it?
Here then is the secret that Hollywood don’t want you to know…..

There is only one image of Cleopatra that survives - and it is barely visible,
unclear on a coin. Many have written about her though with detailed
description…

I am talking about the details Hollywood left out and what the cosmetic industry,
plastic surgery, fashion, night clubs, magazines, romance novels and many more
social conditioning tools…won’t want you to know/
They won’t make the amount of money that is built on feeding oﬀ people’s
insecurities about their outer physical appearances and features.
A lot of money and power is riding on believing your value, your attractiveness is
all about the outside, which makes you feel helpless and distracted to the real
power you have.
The insecurities it creates feeds the beast, all these industries with money today
work in jobs, make a lot of money and spend money too.
So you will never really develop the inner skills and behaviour that slams the
brakes on a man’s brain to arouse, make his head spin and draw him in. Yes, an
average looking woman can do that with such power you won’t believe.

It’s just she forsake that power by looking outside of her and so she will always
feel insecure, always trying to ﬁll some void, thinking it’s just about her pretty
face.
Hollywood ignored those details because they knew what sells and makes them
billions of dollars. Resturants bank on it. Lingerie businesses bank on it.
Romance novels thrive on it.
Nightclubs thrive on the tension and sexual tension it creates.
pharmaceutical companies and other professions make lots of money out of
people’s insecurities and fears of abandonment.
Fashion feeds evermore on the insecurities of women’s looks and bodies etc cetre.
Hollywood saw the details about Cleopatra and what they discovered didn’t cut it
for them. They knew this won’t sell a lot of tickets.
They thought and will always think of their bottom line. Proﬁts.
Hollywood didn’t like the information they found.
Instead they invented her look to suit the social conditioned minds of girls and
boys, women and men in society.
They knew if they were to reveal Cleopatra in the details of her average looks…
they won’t make the big bucks. They had to make sure proﬁt comes ﬁrst.

Cleopatra’s Proﬁle…
Cleopatra had a long thin face and pointy nose. Her strong dominant feature
were her large eyes. She was….average looking to what we know when it comes to
beauty in the image Hollywood and mainstream media like to shove into our
minds everyday.
Her power did not come from her looks.
In fact, Alexandria women were considered more beautiful than she would ever
be when it came to appearances. Ceasar had many beautiful women to entertain
him but then he’d get rid of them for new batch of women to dance, drink with
him and entertain.
They bored him after a time because that’s what beauty does. It is just the outer
look and when you only have that, well, you do get bored of it.
But it was very diﬀerent when Cleopatra appeared
What did she have for her to stand out from all these beautiful women and to
attract Ceasar’s undivided attention?
She wasn’t physically exceptional and she didn’t have political power, yet both
men, Ceasar and Anthony, brave and very clever men, didn’t see that.
They didn’t see ugly.
They didn’t see average.
They didn’t see a woman who isn’t exceptionally beautiful in curves and
looks.
What they these two men saw and what the soldiers saw, and what captivated all
them to stand and look with awe and silence is this…
They saw a woman who can constantly transform herself before their eyes.

Her power was this…
Her PRESENCE shined with self conﬁdence, high self esteem that was so
irresistable that when she talked in person, her words were like pearls capturing a
man’s heart.
Never, ever, would you hear her talk down about herself.
Never would you hear Cleopatra say what cannot be achieved.
Never, would you hear her question her beauty.
She knew that great men, conﬁdent men desire a woman who is conﬁdent in
herself, in her body, in her mind, in her soul and when she talked, and walked,
and with physical conversation - it was attractive even with her forced character.
She put all under her spell with words and something else.
You have lips, you have a mind, you can talk and so you can develop such
conversation skills. You can use tone of your voice, soft and yet captivating.
When you are conﬁdent and I mean for real, you are comfortable with who you
are, with your body, and every inch of it, and your looks, and you embrace it…you
will speak with a voice that is smooth, like a harp that has many strings, and be
able to speak from one language to another another, to another.
Languages? No, not that kind of language.
I am not talking about english language, greek, arabic or any other language
except the language that captures the emotions and imagination of men.
1. Using words
2. Using your tone of voice
3. Using metaphors, that paint images in the mind of man and arouse him
4. Using your eyes with strong eye contact that smile
5. Using your smile
You have all these and to draw man not to your looks but to you, the inner you,
the experience on being with you as you converse.
It is not what you say.
It is HOW you say it.
Cleopatra took what I am sharing with you and what most see as ﬂaws, and made
them come together as one to work for her. Just to merely hear her voice and see
her character, her personality and how…she…said those words… captivated men
like Ceasar.
You see your looks as average, while Cleopatra owned it all and knew that it was
never about the look that draws a man into her reality
1. It was energetic, delightful, fun and soothing to hear her speak
2. The diﬀerence between her and all the women Ceasar met is her…
words….were intoxicating. She could emotionally and sexually connect
as she talked. Men knew that experience with her was of high value than
with other women.
3. Her voice which many writers talk about is she spoke softly and sweetly
using words that striked at the heart of men and the way she expressed
using her eyes, her hands, her playfulness, would have men remember
nothing but HOW….she said it…not..what she said.

4. When she talked, it ﬂowed with positive and amazing energy because
she believed in herself, in her destiny, in her mission, in her purpose in
life, in whatever she desired to..achieve. It was ﬁlled with great energy.
5. She always dressed diﬀerently and one day they see her this way and
next they see her diﬀerently, like a moving adventure, that begins to
swim in their mind as she captivates them with how she behaved, how
she spoke and with diﬀerent ways she can manifest before them.
6. She smiled and when a woman smile, know that is the BEST CURVE on a
woman’s body. It is her smile that makes her approachable and then she
will unleash words that draws the man in even closer.
When you smile, walk upbeat, swaying your hips, laughing at life and
conﬁdent look into men’s face instead of down at the ﬂoor, you’re
projecting…
“I am conﬁdent in who I am. I am friendly and I am approachable if you
got the balls to approach me, come on then!!”
7. She would talk to the man for him to reveal his inner deepest fantasies
and she would stand there, or sit, conﬁdently, share her desires. In doing
so, the men believed if they can have her as their woman, they would do
so for the rest of their lives and be satisﬁed. That’s what happened to
Ceasar.
8. By the time man touched the pillow, all he could think about were the
feeling she invoked in him, the images that swam in his imagination to
make his head spin.
And just when men thought she was fragile, instantly she would let the man
know her desires, how she like to be fucked, ride, eaten out and orgasm is a must
and she will show how if he doesn’t know, as a way of a challenge - and nothing
but this and more must be achieved with an understanding no man can possesses
Cleopatra.
She…owned…her sexuality.
When she walked in, she owned the room.
She was comfortable with her body.
She love herself and her looks no matter what anyone thought of her looks…she
knew where the real power is - while women around her were timid, shy, boring,
predictable and insecure of other women’s looks.
She had this physical presence in which no man or woman can doubt she was
beautiful and yet…in the standards of today promoted by mainstream, she was
very average looking.
That is what Hollywood don’t want you to know.
That this was a woman, who was exiled and destined for an early death and yet,
turned all around her to help her…ruled Egypt for nearly twenty years.

What do we learn from her?
That it wasn’t her outer physical beauty that attracted men.
She was like the Sirens in the myth stories that drew men to her using her inner
conﬁdence, her voice and her unpredictable way and presence when she
appeared in a diﬀerent form of clothing.

She was adventure. Men didn’t have to dream adventure. When she walked in
they saw adventure, excitement, passion and most of all, a woman who is
conﬁdent in her skin.
She used what she was born with to her advantage.
It was her conﬁdence and the words, the sounds, that heighten a man’s state
towards his ultimate fantasies.
A man as you will grow to realise and which most women don’t get is he can get
bored with a woman, even if she has the most beautiful looks.
He gets bored because now, he yearns for diﬀerent kind of pleasures, adventures,
and if the woman can create this illusion that she oﬀers in diﬀerent variety and
adventures, then a man will not see her outer beauty, but be mesmerised,
captivated, fall in love again by her personality and character that puts him on a
journey that makes most women wonder what it is she got that they haven’t.
She will know a man is visual but visual with stirring his imagination with words,
with tonality of her voice, smell, appearance in the way she moves, from one
clothing to another, to ensure he never gets bored but excited and yet distracted
with all mind, eyes and heart on her.
Can you see what you have now discovered?
That you can dress with just a baggy jumper and jeans with a smile on your face,
and HOW you talk and HOW you behave, the smile, the eyes, the tone of your
voice, the way you walk with conﬁdence in your inner beauty will slam some guys
brakes to think….
“Holy shit! WOW! Who is she?!
You have it all but you probably fell for the dirtiest trick social conditioning has
done, to make you believe you need something outside of you.
That without the look, you’re done.
That’s one of the biggest deception in this world and so you become shy, timid,
hiding in the shade and even, take someone’s thoughts to heart when who are
they but someone you should never even take as truth.
That’s their truth not yours.
When your reality is bigger, when you know now what really works, when you
know now, what you can do, imagine the possibilities for you.
That an average looking girl, can make her average become above average by just
these changes alone. .

I could go on naming you women and men who didn’t have the looks, to even
women who did but got nowhere until they looked from within.
For centuries, men and women have been socially conditioned with thoughts
that has made them lose sight on their real beauty.
This makes a person lazy in that they believe you don’t need knowledge and skills
in this. One of the most important factors of life is relationship and yet, people do
not invest in themselves and in the skills?
You’d learn to help a company look good, sound good, feel good but what about
skills for you, your inner beauty, your personality, your voice and your presence?
You have all you need and all the tools within you.

You just need guidance, knowledge, understanding how to use them.
It starts with you stop telling yourself you’re ugly.
Then focus your attention on that which you have and learn to amplify them in a
positive and attractive manner.
Yes, it is a skill but that’s the best thing about skills is you can learn them too. You
can apply them in your life too. They are your assets, investments and tools that
will be with you for the rest of your life.
Learn them once, build on them, get better at them and you will remember what I
wrote here as guys become so attracted to you.
When that happens, remember the lessons you learnt and never let them go to be
the better version of yourself.
17.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is there anyone happy in a long distance relationship? I love my
boyfriend but am about to give up on my 2years relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This isn’t about long distance. This isn’t about here’s up there and your on other
end of world. It’s not even about being in a 2 year relationship.
You see the red ﬂag that this is not going to go anywhere. In other words, he
doesn’t see a future with you and he probably dodging the future with you to.
Something happened and the cracks are now showing..
1. He’s always busy with work.
2. He doesn’t vother talking about things happening to you
3. When you talk about them, he doesn’t….show…much…interest.
That tells me, this guy is not so into you anymore. This tells me as a man, this is a
man who has already emotionally and mentally, moved on.
He is just gutless to say so. He is just letting it drag on.
Don’t let it drag on. Close this chapter and move on. He is doing these 3 things so
behave in a manner with that data. That hand on heart, you know this guy has
moved on and he’s just gutless to say so.
I’m sorry you are going through a hard time. Long distance is amazing, it can be
beautiful experience but it needs maturity, honesty, openess and I don’t see that
here. If there was openess, you’d have communicated these feelings with him
than strangers.
He would have also communicated his feelings too.
Have a talk with him, let him know for real how it feels but don’t bank on any
changes. You may need to ﬁnd the courage to move on.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why would he stop messaging but continue to love me and talk
on the phone with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has nothing to do with punishment.
1. You both argued

2. He felt texting misintreprets and causes arguments
3. He uses phone now because any misunderstanding can be cleared faster
because texting is really shit for relationships. You don’t use text for
conversation but for spiking attraction, fun, or for emergency.
4. He talks face to face for better open communication without the drama.
Texting isn’t for long conversation. That phase of texting is done. Now it is
deeper, more emotionally connection using phone and face to face conversation.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Texting guys: this guy messages me every night and we text for
hours, then he stops replying and texts me again the next night.
But doesn't message me in the day. Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When texting happens or phone, or messaging between two interesting parties,
then there needs to be a goal. There needs to be a clear showing of intent.
A) That he is into you and you have conﬁrmed you are into him
B) That you will both like to meet
C) That all this leads to that goal….you meet and you both talk about it and work
it to get there.
It doesn’t matter if it’s next day, next week, next month or even two-three years.
When people are mature, authentic, really desire each other, all the rest people
talk about like distance, like time, busy is irrelevant.
It will be sorted.
The key is having the goal and I don’t see there is one here.
That’s what these tools are really for when it comes to things like this.
There wasn’t really any openess and honesty, showing true intent for both to
work on that goal…meeting each other. I mean what’s the point of these back and
for hours of texting?
Because we can give many reasons why but really we won’t know.
You need to ask him. Pick up the phone and talk or text and this time, show intent
and if he doesn’t show it, move on.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask out any girl with ease?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is your problem. You say ANY girl but..
“I’m 16 and there is this girl that I barely know and I wanna ask out…”
You haven’t even asked more than 10 girls and already you see one girl, and you
want to ask her out with ease?
Let me ask you something..
When did you ever feel comfortable about doing something that has some risk,
without any practice and doing it over and over again?
When did you ever feel comfortable and had no diﬃculty whatsover, in learning a
skill that needs you need to step out of their confort zone without practicing it
many a times?

That is the lesson life is giving you.
Preparation.
You go to school to prepare but guaranteed one thing school, college and
university won’t do is preparing for the real deal called life.
So you then need to get practising if you want to have ease with any girl in
regards to approaching, conversing, ﬂirting, knowing how to lead from one phase
to another. School isn’t going to teach you that.
It needs a diﬀerent kind of thinking, learning and doing and if you don’t do
enough of it, you will never feel at ease with any girl.
You are talking about this one girl you barely know.
You barely know anyone. Has sod all about “barely know.”
Everyone is someone we barely know.
That’s conditioning for you..
“Don’t talk to strangers.”
“Oh it’s not polite to go up to someone you don’t know.”
“You’ll get rejected and it will hurt, you’ll fail.”
“Oooh she’s out of your league,” bullshit.
“What if she says no and rejects me.”
“What if people are looking.”
You are right now feeling the thing called social pressure.
You can feel the nose choking you.
How can these thoughts ever be diluted when you haven’t put new thoughts
which comes from you doing it, time and time again, until you get good at
approaching girls you don’t know?
It’s not rocket science.
You know the answer.
You ﬁnd ease when you are comfortable at doing something over and over, and
over again and until you get over that learning curve where you now get it.
Then you do it again and agian ith that new mindset and way of thinking that it’s
not a big deal to get results…and…you never forget how you got result.
Until you realise she’s one girl and you will ask many girls, because there is no
“one” girl but just girls until she makes herself the “one girl” who puts eﬀort in
knowing you, dating you, being intimate with you.
Until then, she’s just one girl out of many.
A girl you feel intimidated with because your brain hasn’t any evidence of you
going out there to do this again and again, and again, and again and again until
you stop bitching why girls reject to later get good at it for girls to say yes.
Then you got real life examples which your mind now has seen and believes, to
which it has developed what we call…social instinct.
You want ease?
Then get out of the comfort zone and approach many girls. Keep doing so until
you get good at it because nothing that you want to happen with girls comes in a
place called the comfort zone.

Like anything in life, if you want to feel comfortable about something that has a
high risk but high rewards, you need get used to doing it until you feel at ease.
That’s one girl. Start with her. Approach and begin to grow.
Yes, she might say no, big deal. Move on and keep approaching and forget
thinking about “one girl.” You’re young. You cannot aﬀord to think like that at
this age.
You want to learn now, get stronger now by approach many girls until you feel at
ease in approaching, talking, being playful, fun and learning how to do it in a way
that’s attractive.
People don’t miss opportunities.
They are just ill prepared.
You’re not prepared because you haven’t done enough of what is neccessary for
you to be at ease talking to ANY girl.
Start with her and then move on to do same with many girls to just talk, forget
asking them out. Talk, learn to converse, like they are human beings which they
are.
You will ﬁnd you get so good at it that you can now move to then next phase.
For now get experience in just approaching and forget dating. Forget all this..
“Be friends..”
You don’t have time to waste.
Move on if she says no and approach other girls. You don’t want to orbit around a
girl you’re attracted to, pretending to be a friend.
That’s what cowards do and girls.
Be prepared.
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Andrew Becker

Do you ask enough questions, or are you happily settling for
what you know already?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will
suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.” - Jerry
Gilles

Yes. I ask a lot of questions. Lots of them. Curious like I have just been born.
Always curious. Like walking through the wilderness and though I have seen this
path many a times before, there is much more to know, much more to see, many
answers yet to come and many questions I have yet to ﬁnd answers for.
But sometimes and most of the time it’s not words that come to my mind but
rather a feeling nudging me to listen more to the inner voice.
Slowly forging oneself to become what you need to, to live the life one
desires.
Yes, feelings.
The feeling that I must connect my own dots than letting others connect them for
me.

You know, you get tired of being two people inside, wearing a mask for diﬀerent
places, diﬀerent people, feel caged in and it’s not a great feeling.
Always deﬁning yourself by the social norms and by societies rules of what is
beauty, what isn’t, what is success, failure and on it goes trying to attach our own
existence and purpose to external objects rather than listening to that voice
inside of us.
You want to be free from this cage…
You can feel it as though it’s this nudging poking feeling which can’t be ignored
anymore.
Like there’s two people where one is socially conditioned, frightened, always
holding back and you want to say how you feel to someone, or do something in
life but this thing holds you back.
You know you don’t like being in this place, you don’t feel empowered, you don’t
feel free, and you want to let go, you want to say to someone how you really desire
that person, or how you want to do something with your talents or how you want
to do something diﬀerently… but you get these conﬂicted thoughts pulling you
back again and again.
Then there is the other you…
You hear questions or you feel something inside you.
The brave you, that voice that is loud but it is drowned by the ever growing fear of
the unknown, if someone will reject you, if someone doesn’t feel the same as you,
if someone doesn’t want to meet you, hold you, kiss you, embrace you, do all that
you desire and they feel the same way. The unknown, the uncertainty but that
voice is getting stronger and you can feel it inside.
The part of you that is natural, self loving, hopeful and want to spread it’s wings
to just go for it and let it happen. The part of you that has been looking for the key
to unlock the chains to realise it can only do so if you make that solid decision to
break free to connect your own dots rather than letting others do it for you.
When you let it happen then you begin to feel this amazing conﬁdence, a warm
powerful feeling surging through your mind, body and soul.
You know you are so close now to the answer…
I remember when I just let it happen naturally, letting go, and said what I desired
but they didn’t feel the same way. Now I could have felt depressed, right?
But it was diﬀerent feeling.
I was surprised on what I felt later on.
I felt growth.
I felt I learnt something about myself and I discovered the courage inside of me to
do it again, and again and again, and I became even more direct, and to an extent
in which I also sharing exactly what I desired and asking whoever I attracted to,
that I desire them and explicitly sharing exactly what I want to happen.
And when it is a yes, kaboooooooooooom!
That is all you need to know that there are people like yourself who feel the same
way and it took that one step of going through the pain once, twice, to lead to a
place. They too also found themselves awakened, felt the same and suddenly you
meet each other, and though you maybe of diﬀerent worlds, culture,
environment, there is a deep emotional and sexual connection and

understanding that you have all gone through that same path, experienced that
moment once, long ago and you see now what it all means.
And it doesn’t change you just in this part of your life but it begins to change
other aspects of our life and other parts within our life grows as we expand our
ocean, our insight, our experience and venture further than most do, and
experience what most can only read, watch in movies or fantasize about.
It’s why I believe in this following wisdom..
“You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge
yourself one.” – James A. Froude
It is so true. Far too may dream and fantasize, and don’t do enough of just making
it happen. They don’t invest in their body, mind and soul. They are always going
to have two voices…two people within them until they are decisive in embracing
the feeling which will bring them amazing experiences and joy.
So for me, it is not really lots of questions of why, what, how but rather, a feeling
inside that tells me it’s time to grow. It’s time to move on. It’s time to take that
risk. It’s time to say what you desire from this person or that person.
It’s time to be honest with yourself and realise it, imagine it but now make it
happen.
It is a feeling deep down, that inspires me.
The moment I let go, whatever questions that roamed my unconscious mind were
answered because even now, I have the energy, will power, masculinity and the
imagination to keep doing what I am inspired to do.
That feeling has always been there and it just took time to hear it. It is louder that
the social condiitoning voice for me to lead the way to keep connecting my own
dots in my own way.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Are men really thick or do they ignore the signs that girls give
them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing to do with thick but it is kind of ironic that some women pretend they
don’t know why.
Let me explain..
I’ve had so many experiences where women bullshit all the time and do things for
nothing more than their ego. Many men have had that experience too.
Even, yes even, if you invite a man to house, men have experienced where women
didn’t mean anything by it. Now we don’t bother. We will approach a woman we
are attracted rather than wondering if she’s giving green light or not.
That makes it so much easier for me.
I just say what I want and now she knows. We move forward or I move on. Fine by
me but I am going to be clear of my intent.
Granted some men fear rejection but for me, personally I approach but what I
don’t look for is signal. I don’t give a rats ass if it’s a green light or red. I just go for
who I feel attracted to and see how it goes from there.
I desire a certain type of woman.
One who say tells me, YES, tells me..

“I want you. I desire you. I so want you inside me!”
Now if that’s a brash for some, well, good luck in whatever you do because it has
been working for me damn ﬁne, and there ARE women like that.
Women who are similar in mindset with me, who have had enough of this bullshit
and child play, and cowardice. Sure we understand why and all the taboos and
stigma but to hell with that crap.
It takes so long with that path. I rather get rejected 100 times than bother with
that nonsense and cowardice way.
We know as men..that ﬂirting, hints, signals doesn’t always mean the woman is
attracted to the man.
Signals can be erroneous. They can be done out of nervousness due to
environment, stress and even just for feeling good about one self.
Hey I got no problem with that but come on, don’t expect me as a man to think
for you women, when women have marched, battled, died, went through hell and
back so you can have equality and a voice to say what you want.
Yes we know the Darwin theory. We know about the hunter and the hunted. We
know about the tribal cultural traditions and all that cave man and cave women
crap.
But you need to understand that hints and signals can be done out of discomfort.
1. Women give out unconscious hints too out of stress
2. Out of boredom
3. For attention
4. For for fun
5. To see if they still got it without intent of carrying it on further
6. For arousal to go back to their boring boyfriend/husband to ride him
becuse now they want a release
7. Women ﬂirt for many reasons and not just they desire some guy
So how do we know what all these hair, ﬂuttering eye lashes, dressing sexy mean
that she desires the man?
It sells a lot of books!
It sells a lot of magazines!
It makes someone out there a lot of money!
But it hasn’t solved the problem and just made it worse.
I believe in the Masculine way. I see a woman, I approach. I let her know I desire
her. She can say no and yes, or whatever she desires. I have shown my intent and
now she needs to show hers clearly or I move on.
I can have a woman right now sitting next to me, all sexy, cleavage showing,
smells amazing, all hot, legs out there, doing all the hints and signals but here’s
the problem which has already been said by others….
I know women have done this and they weren’t interested.
So it’s not that we are thick.
Why would we stress ourselves wondering what this means and that means, like
some insecure young boy or man, when we can turn, see a woman we are
attracted to and just approach her?

That’s why the woman who bitches all day about how she is pretty, got 4 degrees,
plays 3 instruments, knows 5 languages is frustrated with why her friends say she
is so pretty but no guy has ever approached and asked her out.
15.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl says you're awesome, does that mean she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s not saying..
1. I desire you
2. I want to date you right now
3. I want your body next to mine
4. I want you to have sex with you
5. I want to feel your lips on mine right now
6. To have my ﬁngers travel down your neck and chest as I kiss you
7. I want to feel your hands all over my body
8. I want to ride you slow and deep and then faster and faster
9. I want you so bad, I think about you every night naked, on my bed, on all
the naughty things I will do to you
It doesn’t mean any of these and yes, women who desire a man, and who are
conﬁdent, open, had enough of being little girls who give hints and signals, say
that to men they desire.
So just don’t take it seriously because there is a diﬀerence to like and attraction.
It’s also a big diﬀerence when she is mature, conﬁdent about her sexuality, her
desires and what she wants.
Just take it as a compliment or she’s joking around.
Either way, don’t be desperate about it in thinking she likes you or don’t like you.
See it just that. Nothing but ego and her wanting to feel good. Or joking.
Now if you like her, well, have the balls to say so playfully, instead of waiting for
women to say it because believe me, it is rare for them to come out and say it.
Only the conﬁdent ones who are special kind of women that had enough being in
some cage in their mind, will say it outright with a smile, and with eyes sparkling
to the man they desire.
14.2k Views · View Upvoters

Are guys sensitive enough to 'feel' whether the girl has feelings
for him or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about being sensitive. It’s about a girl being clear in her intent. Showing
she desires by her feminity, ﬂirting, and saying it in words.
We are not mind readers.
You need to show your intent by behaviour and words, not hints, signals because
you can say something, and it means something totally diﬀerent and we can get it
wrong. Then that makes you feel shit and the guy too.

You might behave in a certain way, ﬂirting and all that and we think the girl is
interested and ﬁnd she was just an attention seeker.
There are plenty of attention seekers. Girls just testing things out. Girls not really
into the guy but doing it to show oﬀ to other girls. Or because they are bored and
so they do whatever.
How do we guys know?
By girls verbalising their desire to the guy.
So don’t hint, don’t think we need to be sensitive to know. No, we need girls to say
it, say how you feel, ﬂirt, touch, lick your lips, give eye contact, turn your face into
a seductive look like you want to ride him.
Say you desire him.
Let him know you’re into him for real.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you were to put a huge poster (mural) on your oﬃce wall,
what would it be?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It be this right here….

850 Views · View Upvoters

A guy I'm talking to tells me he doesn't smoke when I asked him
but I saw him smoking when he thought no one was watching.
Why would he lie?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Come on. You know why.
Example…
Me - Do you masturbate
Girl - No. I NEVER masturbate
Then when dated, sex many times, then she showed me her 4 sex toys, and we
went together a month later to a sex shop. After that she was texting me hardcore
sex text, images of her got me more into her.
Now why would she lie?
The same reason why this guy lied.
You asked a question and he like this girl, felt that if they said yes, then you will,
categoerise and have this perceived idea about this person.
Take a look below how people already judged and categorised him as a liar.
Christ. It’s like someone threw a doughnut and everyone is going for it.
You tell me no one here has lied? Never?
That they don’t lie in their life to avoid conﬂict in their jobs, with relatives,
friends, partners.
“HE’S A LIAR!”
Then we all liars here. ALL of us.

Everyone here who calls him a liar…lies. Come on. Have some honesty and
integrity than calling someone else a liar like we have never lied.
They just have diﬀerent type of lies.
I’ll give you an example..
Woman - Do you think I look fat and won’t be able to ﬁt in this dress? Tell me the
truth.
You want the guy to tell his wife “Yeah you are fat to ﬁt in that dress.”
No, the guy got to dance about rephrasing it carefully but it is still a lie.
How about you ladies when a guy asks.
Him - So how many guys you slept with?
Girl - Oh not many, just two.
And she knows she has slept with more but she knows that if she said the truth,
he might judge her. Her brain kicked oﬀ with a defensive wall.
Here’s more examples..
“Oh I am so tired to day,” but not really, They just don’t want to go out. It’s raining
or had a hard day at work.
“So, so busy.” But not really. They can’t be assed and ﬂake.
“I don’t want a relationship right now.” Not really. She’s not attracted to the guy
but she doesn’t want to say no to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
Everyone lies.
They just rationalise it as not the same as lying ;)
I don’t support lies but you can’t suddenly judge a guy who knows people have
this judgement about smokers, and then call him a liar.
It’s ridicolous.
We don’t know this guy. For all we know he is better than all of us put together
with other things in life and he be honest on them.
64 Views · View Upvoters

Do thin lips look ugly?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is ugly for me is when a woman is uncomfortable with herself, her body and
her features. That’s what ugly for me is.
Focus on what you can right now..
1. Your self esteem/conﬁdence
2. You’re social skills
3. Your conversation skills
4. Your skills in creating tension
5. Your body language
6. Your ﬂirting skills
7. Your texting and phone skills
8. How you look after yor body

9. You’re appearances in style of clothes that goes with your personality
Lots of other things combined make you stand out and gives you the conﬁdence
you need as well as the expertise to achieve what you want.
It is also emotionally exhuasting to hear a woman worried about her looks,
worried about her lips, hips, legs, thighs, ass and all that.
Never really understanding that you’re not just lips.
It’s like guys who just think it’s all about their looks.
They don’t think about everything else but one thing..
“Do girls like short guys?”
“Do girls like tall guys?”
“Do girls like guys with (ﬁll in that one thing)”
Being insecure for me is not attractive. Being uncomfortable about one’s body
isn’t attractive to me.
Yes, he looks and curves will grab my attention. Yes, we are visual creatures but
this doesn’t become the basis of my solid concrete decision to date her, to be with
her, to..stay with her.
I need to feel that connection.
I need to FEEL.
She can have amazing delicious lumptious lips but if she’s insecure, if she can’t
converse and make me feel the way I like to feel - horny, lustful, alive,
comfortable, that she desires me - then nothing she can do will keep me talking
with her and leading to a date.
You won’t believe how easily a woman can turn a man oﬀ by her insecurities
regarding her body and that includes their lips.
Focus on the things that you can right now which will help much more than
whether guys like thin or thick lips.
8.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thea Ava Martinez

My child is doing a sport she loves. I’m disappointed she’s not
better at it. Should I stop her to ease my disappointment? She’s
not good at gymnastics. Most girls her age would be training for
the Olympics by now. She’s too old, but she keeps going.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Brings back memories.
It was my 11th race. This was the one I was training for.
It all lead to this race.
I told my dad I need help with trainers. Doesn’t have to brand popular trainers.
Just trainers I can run with in this hard cold terrain. I can pay for other things like
the new shorts and travel to get to the race if he can help with the trainers.
But he said..
“You’re not good at running. It will be a waste of money. Do something else..”
He only went to see once and that was the ﬁrst race I was in.
That was the ﬁrst race. He never seen me training. He knew I was up early before
school, doing my running but that’s it.

I went training for this race every week. I loved running back then. I felt free and
loved it when it was running onto the paths that take you deep into the country
side and feeling that cold fresh air hitting your face and body.
So my dad and everyone really from family never turned up.
I looked down at what I could aﬀord…

They were shit. They weren’t tough enough for the race I was going to run in but
it was all I could aﬀord back then.
I looked up to look around me to see parents of other students were there and
smiling. There was no one I knew except the school sports tutor.
He just nodded and looked at me with his ﬁrmed eyes that says I can do it.
I looked straight ahead, the runners were ready, there was some pushing and
elbowing, and oﬀ we went.
I could feel the hard ground with these soft white plimsolls. The ground was also
wet and I feared if having to run through some land and that part came true.
As I got to 5th place, we turned to run through a landscape of trees and up a hill
and down towards a path that now lead to an opening of a ﬁeld.
The moment I stepped in, I knew I was in trouble.
It was deep, muddy and the Plimsolls were being grabbed by the mud. One got
stuck. I stopped to pull and put it back on but as I got further it happened again
and again.
Runners were going past me now and I was in 10th place.
I took my plimsolls of and ran barefeet in the cold muddy earth and kept going. I
could feel then pain already but I just grit my teet and kept running.
Going over the gate, I saw the hard path and pressed on to catch up to pass one,
two, three, four, ﬁve until I got to 3rd place.
I can feel a cut but kept running. I can feel another pain but shrugged myself to
keep running. As I turned round the corner, I saw I had to run through another
ﬁeld and it was covered with some snow.
This was the most diﬃcult race I have run so far but the pain had gone. My feet
underneath felt numb and so, I legged it, through the ﬁeld until I got to the hard
path again to ﬁnd myself running next to the second place runner.
The ﬁnished line was ahead and I could see ﬁrst place but it was too late.
I came second as the sports teacher knew what to do.
The pain wasn’t over yet.
As he took me inside the schools mini bus and trying to warm my feet with his
hands, the pain hit me hard. I’ve never felt such a pain in my life as the feet
started to get warmer.
I got my trophy but it didn’t feel the way I wanted it to feel.
It didn’t because I knew I could have done better. I knew I could have become ﬁrst
place but I lost sometime.
From that day forward, my relationship with my dad was never going to be right.
You see, I didn’t give a fuck if I was the best for anyone out there. I didn’t give a
damn if I was the winner for the school or the winner for the coach, or the winner

for the crowd.
All I cared was I was the best in his eyes.
But the moment he did that and kept doing it with other things too, was the
moment I didn’t give a fuck about what he thought of me.
In fact, it wasn’t long when I got to legal age, I just left to live on my own to do my
own thing.
You missed the point.
Your child is the best no matter what in your eyes. That she’s never too old in your
eyes. That she can have fun and learn, grow and fail to get up and still be a
winner…in your eyes. They need to hear your encouragement and seeing you just
enjoying them having fun doing what they love to do.
You missed the point.
The way my dad did.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some women feel ashamed masturbating infront of
their partners?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is because for centuries, women have been socially conditioned to feel shame
and guilt about their body.
For a woman to masturbate in front of her partner is steeped with fear and also
she might be very self conscious. She will worry the feelings of the partner
towards her will will change by judging her. He might not like her anymore. He
might perceive her in a diﬀerent light altogether that isn’t favourable to her.
In acient old religions, the people were socially controlled. The heads of those
tribes used fear to get the women to believe their private parts attract evil, spirits,
that is a sin. They used this fear on the men too, to get them to do what they want
- war, ﬁght, hunt more.
And if any break that rule men were cast out of the tribe or severly punished in
front of all the tribe.
Hint - remember the days of burning women to stakes, and calling them witches.
Women also backj in this times who were touching themselves were labeled,
judged, as being possessed by the evil spirits. If they slept with more than one
man or if a man desired more women, they were labeled as possessed by evil
spirits.
They were cast out from the tribe and their nakedness was then shunned, they
were slut shamed and they put clothes on them before they were thrown out of
the tribe. This was like a death sentence because when you are thrown out, you
face great danger because you are now alone without resources, and have to hunt
on your own, and without access of support and tools.
Does this sound familiar?
Let me jog your memory for you..

Women who were menstruating as an example, had to leave the village and not
come back until their cycle has ﬁnished because they were conditioned to
believe, that the spirits will be drawn to the woman and everyone in the village.

It was seen as a dark omen. It was seen as evil.
Now you may think this is backward, right? Stupid, right?
Well it is the same in west and all over the damn world, where girls are brought up
with how good girls, nice girls don’t masturbate.
It’s all steeped in superstition from way back in acient religion to control the
tribe. It was later shipped over to Europe and around the world.
This includes the invention of modesty.
So the reason is due to social conditioning. Social condition is when an individual
is trained to conform, follow, the social norms favourable to their peers. Society
adopts these rules and so you have “social…norms.”
For example, monks were hired to write about the sin and shame regarding
sexuality. These were done ﬁrst by hand and distributed by religious institutions
and state. Later on, when printing presses came in, they were able to print many
literature to spread to te public to create fear and shape the perception of people
and society itself.
The tools uses for social conditionings are speeches, storytelling, fairytale myths,
religion, using other authoritarian to write, painting and later to create movies.
Including doctors and other inﬂuential people to write bullshit information like
it’s the truth..
Example, February 1973, the noted “permissive” Dr. Allen Fromme would take a
similar position in writing...
“Women do not have sexual fantasies..”
But Dr. Allen got a reply back with patronizing kindess to reply to his ignorance:
“How do we know? Ask a woman, and she will usually reply, No. The reason for this
is obvious: women haven't been br#ought up to enjoy sex ... women are by and large
destitute of sexual fantasy.”
In other words, women fear being judges as sluts, whores, too easy and been
looked at as weird. They won’t say to someone they masturabate, they have sex
toys under their bed and that from aged 13 and even younger, they started to
masturbate behind closed doors so no one will know.
They have been conditioned to be ashamed of their nakedness, their body, their
sexuality and enjoying the experience of sex. Most have been brought up to feel
guilty if they try to even talk about sex never mind having sex, and masturbating.
So to do so in front of her partner, is a big deal. Lots of worries, guilt, shame
conditioned inside of her, and also worried if her partner will see her diﬀerently
and I don’t mean in a positive light.
She will feel uncomfortable and only when she is comfortable, conﬁdent and only
when she knows for certain her partner desires to see and experience it all, will
she do so.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What has been the life lesson you least expected?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Self love.
Saves you a lot of time, frustrations and gets you where you want to go faster than
ambiguity.

When I was in school I used to think I had to change the way I behave for diﬀerent
girl. Figure her out, hook on her words but as most people know, everyone is
diﬀerent. At that time, I wasn’t clear of what I want or I was unconsciously
worried about it and feeling ashamed about it because we are conditioned to do
so.
You know how it is - the world tries to make you feel guilty, ashamed, labels you
for that which you desire, and tries to tell you there is only one true path, one
way, one relationship model, one approach, and so you got to conform.
But one day I was fed up, really was. I got fucking sick of adults. I got sick of all
the bullshit of trying to do things in a half measured way because I was worried
what some girl thinks or society thinks.
One day, I just walked up to a girl who was standing in bowling alley, with short
skirt, long white socks, and she was 16 years old and I was 15.
I believed in this moment about myself. I believed I got a lot to oﬀer inside and I
was only 15 years old. Something just snapped. Maybe it was books I read which
were tons of them. Maybe some experience that played in my unconscious mind
to re-wire how I thought and saw myself.
Maybe it was all the previous approaches I did that gradually made me see things,
experience things and become more self aware about myself and other issues.
I don’t know.
What I know is I felt a change in me to let go.
I was direct with her and she behaved so diﬀerent to the girls I approached.
Immediately, she smiled, and physical touch began after 10 minutes
conversation. There was none of the bullshit games. It went so eﬀortlessly, I
didn’t even have to try much and I respected her for that.
Finally, a girl that gets it. Finally, she knew what dating was about and she
probably was in same place in her mind because she said things about she had
enough with nice guys, holding back and it was exhuasting for her too.
So it was like we both came to the fork on the road and we decided, enough was
enough. Just you know, “fuck it,” and let go.
We walked outside and began kissing. Not only that, she knew that I don’t want to
be exclusive yet, like dating other girls and she was ok about it.
So self love, changes how you behave, no need to lie, no need to worry if someone
doesn’t accepts. This is about..
“Show me who you are. Are you similar to me or not? Do you desire the same or not?
Have you got what I want and have I got what you want?”
Not “Oh I hope she likes me?”
That lesson, that one simple and yet profound lesson of self love opened my eyes
and paved me a path that in one hand got rid of the shackles that weighed me
down but on the other, it also toughed me up because of the crap I had to face for
being me.
I began to avoid behaving diﬀerent for diﬀerent girls and this time I approached
with the knowledge of what I want…in…a…woman. Not what a woman likes in a
guy but what I want in a woman and I will approach exactly like that until one
says yes.
I avoiding doing what every guy I knew does. Hiding their intent. I avoided the
play hard to women. I avoided the women who slut shame other girls. I avoided

any woman who had this idea of how dating and relationships works like Disney.
Because of this, my state of frame changed.
I didn’t know it was called “state of frame” or “state of mind” back then.
All I knew, is I felt free at last and I knew how to do it. If I knew how to do it, I can
share it to others to know how to do it but for other things. Like careeer, business,
or anything really because it is about one’s state of mind.
The life lesson I least expected is how loving yourself changes more than how you
see yourself. It totally changes your whole life in how you see everything, how
you behave, who to associate with, what boundaries to have and so much more.
This one lesson, helped me to develop my own code, my own system of life.
I ﬁnd, out there an abundance of women feel the same, see the same, think
similar and have similar values as me. I don’t need to change for every woman. I
just approach to ﬁnd out if she is..compatible to me!
I don’t need to change for any woman and that just opened the ﬂood gates to just
live an amazing life.
I needed to always be true to myself and in doing so, it will automatically ﬁlter
and screen out, get rejections from women that I don’t want to be part of their life
and they don’t want to be part of mine.
It’s ﬁne. That’s nature. That’s how it is within life. It’s ok to say no. It actually
helps a man and the woman to move on faster.
Rejection then is like a Mutual respectable Agreement.
That we don’t see the same, we don’t feel the same, and so we have agree to move
on. Showing intent right there and then, is showing a whole lot of respect for
oneself because they love themselves - and - for the other person too.
It changed the way I see everything.
You won’t believe how good I feel. The happiness I feel inside. It’s an amazing
feeling to know you don’t need to change for women but rather be who you are,
and attract woman that desire who you are.
They are out there! Millions after millions of women who desires a man like
yourself are out there. If you let go. If you just forget all that society has shoved
down your unconscious mind and just for one, believe in that this is then natural
process of selection, you’ll enjoy the process so much more.
Self love. It’s not just words.
It’s your own belief system about yourself and that will impact how you behave
with yourself and with the world we live in.
It’s saying…“I take full responsibility for my choices, my actions, my results. I don’t
wait for opportunity. I create them…”
2.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Shagun Mistry and Quora User

Why am I turned oﬀ when guys starts to get interested in me,
even though I got interested in them ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It has nothing to do with the guys. You need to read your words because the
moment I read them, it was the words of girls in past who I walked from away
immediately.

You can tell a lot about a person when they talk. It’s like a pattern which you
heard often from people who have very low self esteem.
You are rationalising your own fears. You blame other people’s behaviour but
really, it has nothing to do with these guys.
Here’s the reason why..
1. Once upon a time in the past you had experiences in your childhood,
where you felt abandoned, rejected, and so, after that you didn’t show
your feelings because you feared you felt opening up will get you hurt.
2. At a deep unconscious level you feel you do not deserve these guys, nor
the intimiacy, the relationship and if it grows…. love too.
3. You have low self esteem issues and low conﬁdence.
You remind me of many girls I walked away from.
In fact, just a few days ago, I blocked at least 12 girls because how they speak, the
words they use with texting was just things I heard many a times before in past. I
knew by the questions I gave and the answers they responsed with, that I need to
stay the hell away from them.
Just from their words, I knew they got some issues and I am so not going to be
dragged into their world ﬁlled with fear of change and growth.
The amount of bullshit they sold themselves to hide their fear, their guilt, their
shame about sexuality, their ongoing fear of being abandoned, and blaming other
people out there was a turn oﬀ
They’d probably ghost people the moment they feel they’re gettting close to the
person.
I immediately said my goodbyes and I even said why. Hoping they’d have
something to ﬁgure out but it is not going to be with me. I just can’t be assed(?)
with it.
If I was in school, hey, sure. Maybe I’d give more time but t I am not in school. I’m
a man now and I don’t have time for women who got tons of self esteem issues
and who rationalise it with talk about someone else’s behaviour, morality, and all
kinds of stuﬀ when it has nothing to do with what they are saying.
You got some work to do with developing your self esteem.
Leave the guys alone and don’t waste their time and hurting them. Don’t ghost
them and lead them on. Just focus on yourself for a while.
It will help you to grow. Do a lot of reading.
Anything really to help build you from then inside.
22.7k Views · View Upvoters

Whenever I tell my girlfriend something I don’t like that she
does. She says she doesn't care and continues to do it. What do I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She does this to you because you let her. You let her because you are still with her.
She has from day one psychologically seduced you to a subservient state. A state
in which she can insult you, break boundaries and expects you to respect hers
AND you still with her.

You can’t control people but you can walk away from them to be with someone
else . Where there is mutual respect.
She doesn’t respect you and nor does she value you.
You can’t control her. You can’t change her behaviour and why would you try
anyway. You set the boundaries, she keeps breaking them.
So now you got the message she doesn’t give a damn.
You then leave her because she believes you got her pussy high up above you
instead of you having the self respect to say no to this and walk away.
Break up and walk away and don’t ever look back.
Don’t be like most guys crying and pining over some girl because you “lover her.”
Love is never enough.
You need other things in place.
Find your balls, stand up for yourself by breaking up with her.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Scott

How do you ask someone out vaguely so that if they aren't
interested in you in the same way you are in them it could pass
it oﬀ a friends thing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what the most amazing feeling is? I don’t know about anyone else but it
is having a woman, as I am into women, tell me directly how they desire me. Now
it doesn’t happen often, very rare so I’m the one doing the direct bold moves.
But when the woman tells me she desires me directly, then for me it’s a wonderful
feeling. If a woman approached me and I wasn’t attracted to her, I’ll still feel
ﬂattered and I will so be at awe of her conﬁdence and directness.
It is rare for women to do that but when it happens, they have no idea on how
powerful this is to a conﬁdent man who don’t give a damn about who approaches
ﬁrst. If most women and men realised how attractive this is and when you do it to
someone who feels attracted to you, it is major chemistry kicking oﬀ.
You see, what it tells someone else is this…
We love in a world of challenges, social pressure, inﬂuences and so, when the a
guy as an example approaches, he does so directly, it show real status.
In western world, you cannot diﬀerentiate a man of courage so easily. You cannot
diﬀerentiate a man of understanding of world around him and a man who has
overcome much of his insecurities even if he has a job, clothes, looking good with
good physique.
I know men who got good physique and looks, and job, but they are so terriﬁed to
approach women.
But when a man does approach he is saying he is deserving of the love wherever it
is. He is saying whatever challenges come into my life, I take it on. I may feel the
fear but I am unstoppable.
This is a man who will exceed expectations.
This is a man who will overcome challenges with social pressure.
This is a man who leads rather than followers and cowers.

This is a man who will, when challenges happen in a relationship, has the
courage to work and overcome them.
He…is…a…man that shows one of the most attractive behaviour of all….
That he knows what he wants and he goes for what he wants.
He may not get what he wants all the time but he will continue until he ﬁnds his
equal who also courageous enough to show vulnerability, who also says they feel
the same way and who doesn’t play hard to get, signals and hints when the
opportunity arises for her to meet that man.
Someone who can express their emotions what they desire.
Vague are for people who do not believe in themselves.
Vague is for the followers who are intimidated by people around them. They
worry about what someone else thinks of them. Overthinking.
Vague is for the one who feels they don’t deserve to be loved.
Vague is uncertainty about oneself and one’s direction in life.
It is not attractive.
It is not unique.
It is not special.
It is like the majority, the crowd, where you stand and yoiu become invisible.
One’s real status is not the money, car, job and even the looks.
It is his behaviour.
That’s your real status.
Something very diﬃcult to do for many people because they are so scared of
showing vulnerability due to fear of getting rejected.
Now think about that for a moment and how this makes a person stand out.
It’s very powerful and even more powerful when one gets rejected, smiles and has
the guts to walk away and approach someone else.
That’s someone whose going places.
That’s someone who will grow more, learn more, learns faster and who will learn
in time how to get what they desire. Maybe not when they want it but every step
prepares this person to meet such moment with the knowledge, skill and the
experience.
Most people wait and do not learn and then ask all kinds of questions with a
panic feeling and it’s a huge learning curve.
They expect to learn everything in a day or week or from an answer.
You don’t grow by being vague. You are always in the shadows and not out in the
sunlight. It hurts your eyes a little when you step out but you’ll get used to the
light, your eyes will adjust through more exposure of the light, day by day.
People just don’t expose enough of themselves in just going through the pain and
let pain go through them. They have this fairytale idea of each person is going to
be the one. Waiting, looking, staring for years about this one person.
They don’t grow and be prepared .

People don’t miss opportunities. They are just ill prepared and then expect what
they need to become, learn and have inside them will happen in a day, from one
answer, from one book.
4k Views · View Upvoters

She knows I hardly talk to her, yet she told me a guy likes her.
What can this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, most guys don’t get this and I see it happen all the time. They think a
girl who tells them about some guy and personal stuﬀ..means the girl trust them.
This is not about trust.
Just because she shared something about some guy or other personal stuﬀ,
doesn’t mean trust.
It’s so easy mate for girls to speak personal stuﬀ to some guy they know and even
someone they don’t know. Not all personal stuﬀ but something like that, well,
girls do it all the time mate.
They love to talk about some guy, whether imaginary or not, for validation,
raising their status. Or just to feel good or kill time.
She knows you’re into her and it won’t bother you if you weren’t into her. She said
that maybe to alert a warning to you to not think anything romantic is going to
happen.
I mean look how frustrated you are.
Women will say to you to get to know her, spend time with her, but you see this is
their nature. Their nature is social, communication, but you then got to set the
boundaries.
I always set boundaries.
You can’t expect anyone to know your boundaries until you stop being passive
aggressive and say where the line is to not step over. Only a guy who is afraid of
losing the girl is going to stay quiet and be passive about it.
You got tons of women pursuing you?
No. Ok then. Put your priority where it needs to be. There’s plenty of chumps for
her to go and talk and get to know, to say she got some guy.
Stop asking her what’s wrong like you’re her boyfriend.
Stop being this nice guy. Don’t get frustrated with it all because that is a sign of a
guy who desires her. If you feel this way, move on. Close that door if you can’t
hack being a friend and the drama she plays.
Or set boundaries and if she don’t respect the boundaries then don’t be available
for her. She’s not entitled for anything.
If you do that you won’t be frustrated,
It only frustrates you because you are not in harmony with yourself due you not
speaking up. You’re speaking here but not saying anything to her.
That’s passive-aggressive behaviour.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it harder for "players" to be faithful in marriage?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t need to be a player or anything to know being faithful for many people
is harder.
Let’s look shall we on how people are showing players what it’s like to be
faithful…
I cheated on my husband with my ex, what should I do?
I have cheated on my husband and have now decided to divorce him. How can I
stop feeling guilty about it and move on?
How can I tell my husband of less than a year I cheated on him?
I cheated on my husband. I had an aﬀair with a guy who does not know I am
married. I want to end this aﬀair but am afraid that my bf might tell my husband
everything and I don't want to spoil my marriage. What should I do?
Should I tell my wife I cheated on her? We met years ago and I maintained an
electronic relation with her via chatting. I’ve never touched her but I once told
her that I loved her. It’s been 5 years.
I cheated on my husband with his co-worker, when my husband was drunk.
Should I tell him that I cheated or should I just keep quiet?
Now let’s look at the boyfriend-girlfriend monogamy relationship..
My boyfriend and I have been together for ﬁve years. Two years ago I cheated on
him, and I just told him about it a month ago. What should I do since he broke up
with me and told me he doesn't love me anymore?
I love my boyfriend a lot, but I cheated on him and I told him the truth. Will he
ever come back to me?
How do I stop cheating on my boyfriends?
I cheated on my boyfriend and left him. Am I bad person?
Notice something?
It’s harder for everyone. It has nothing to do with labels or gender.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Would you let your girlfriend dictate who you can and cannot
be friends with?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course I would. I would let her..
1. Dictate to me when to go out
2. When to eat
3. Who I can be friends with
It would go like this..
Her - and I don’t want you going out right now to see your friends at the bar
Me - Of course baby
Her - Erm, what are you doing?
Me - As you see I am grabbing my keys and my jacket to go and see my friends at
the bar
Her - But I said…

Me - I know what you said. It was one of most funniest joke I heard so far. You
should be a comedian :). Hahaha. So funny. Cya. (kiss on forehead)
Then smile walk out of the door.
She and any woman can dictate all they want. Dictate all the way. I will even
supply paper and pen for them to write rules down as I go and do whatever I
please.
The message will be loud and clear.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Are Cancerians shy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Cancerians are passive. They are shy.
Always waiting to make their mark but rarely do so. For example, female
cancerians - she is a guarded female, a nymph. However, she is also part dreamer,
part doer and sadly for her these two seldom meet together.
Cancer is the fourth sign of the Zodiac, Cardinal Water.
So their cadininality of their sign pushes Cancerians to action and self
expression. It anchors them, plants their feet into the present but much of their
living is living in the past. Either memories of bad/good times, how they were
brought is roaming through their life.
Or they are pining over some ex-boyfriend, ex-girlfriend and some do so for years
to come. It can be a sad state aﬀairs because when opportunity arises for
boldness, daring, to let go of all inhibitions - Cancerian will give some bullshit
rationality to hide their guilt, shame about their sexuality, they’d go back to their
comfort zone.
They quickly fall for the myth of modesty and start giving some morality
speeches to themselves or to whoever as a way to stay in the past or present and
never to venture into the future of great possibilities, growth and expansion of
water towards the future.
So they want to expand their world because they are water but so often, they are
reluctant to do so due to strong emotonal bias. Timid, shy and not for anything
else but due to staying in the comfort zone.
They are emotional, impressionable, absorptive, imaginative, think they are
psyhic, subjective, dramatic, indulgent, insecure in that their world in seems it is
all crumbling. They are very unsatisﬁed with life.
However, they stay where they are.
They don’t expand their world to the great ocean of life but will fantasize a lot and
will yearn for such fantasies but seldom expand to experience them. A nymph
wearing social mask and ﬁlled with emotonal bias. rationalising from that part of
her motherhood symbol to ever do so. It will creep it’s head when time to sail on
the great wave of opportunitu, self knowledge and self-realisation to prevent her
to do so.
Constantly upload selﬁes or gourmies, pretending they are expanding their world
but really….they are not. They are self indulgent.
The Female Cancerian stuﬀs her house with item collections, the way she stuﬀs
her stomach of those she invites, and who bring her good, snacks, cakes and yes,
another selﬁe or a photo of what she has got, to pretend to everyone else she is
expanding her world. Goes on the invites of friends or relatives, with meals.

She will mostly be a woman who is passive.
Though she is moody and yes, introverted. She has this feeling or sense of
clairyovance but it is mostly a protection mechanism that helps her to feel safe by
staying in the comfort zone. It is emotional bias from her background.
Uses also the symbolic of motherhood to explain why she would not do this or
that, but really it is all emotional bias to not expand her world due to insecurities,
fear and staying in the comfort zone for far too long.
She watches porn videos, probably never cum in her life, dates insecure…jealous
and possessive guys because most are guys who never dated women much…who
also watch porn…who fear losing girl but will cheat on her.
She is known to be drama but really, that’s a show to her friends and her social
network.
Deep down she shies away from self-knowledge and that deep amazing genuine
self -revelation, which she will never attain because she lacks self love, puts her
identity on the appearance rather that her sexual conﬁdence, in which she is
comfortable with her body, comfortable with desires and comfortable to live her
desires.
She does though if she attains the skills, rises to responsibilities like public
speaking, popular personality, story telling and humourist. However, lazy in
going for her dreams and chooses most of the time if not all the time the easy
path in following her social peers.
More details…
1. The symbolic of motherhood, nurturing motherhood. Can be a full time
mum i.e. she wil mother a man who she dates in trying to protect him,
nurturing him, ﬁx him, explain to him and ﬁnd herself messing her life
up with such guys.
Also can behave as mother at work, oﬃce, neighbourhood, friends, i.e.
nuturing, etc.
2. Feeling sudden urg for gourmet food, collecting, home decorating, ﬂorist
stuﬀ, or she might even start a home-care business or fashion, but ﬁnds
herself doing business studies, acountancy, the safe option.
3. Furiciously studying Psychic, hobbies, that’s all into the medium stuﬀ
and seances. She’ll tell you she has visions, or she won’t and she thinks
she has clairvoyance powers, telepathy, but she never really questions
how she couldn’t ﬁgure out and see it coming with guys who became a
pain in the ass in her life.
4. She seems to always overindulge herself in food and worry. It’s like a
battle when going to the gym. The guilty conscious voice that asks..
“Why did you eat that cake when you know it will put some pounds. Now
hit the gym and get real with this..”
She worries about anthying close to her and about some things in the
house, around the house, and some guy who lost interest in her and like
a symbolic mother tries to explain…nurture…change…ﬁx.
5. Her mind drifts to a once a upon a time of her birth place and she
wonders of returning there.
6. They always ask “what star sign are you?” and so I pretend I don’t know
their sign because if I do then it will be talk about signs and stuﬀ, which I
rather not talk about. I am person who likes to get this done and expand

rather fantasize about it and do nothing.
I also can’t stand the bullshit they come up when rationalising to get
down and dirty, with their mother symbolic talk which is such a turn oﬀ.
So I have no alternative but to immediately say no, block them and move
on if they do that.
Cancer tends to see things from their own experiences, subjective and heavily
biased by their emotional background.
I could go on but I think that’s enough to see they are shy, they want to take
action but they are indecisive most of the time.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

How would you date a woman who is smarter and taller than
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way I date any woman. Like a human being who I don’t put on a pedestal.
Just because she’s smarter or taller isn’t something to be intimidated about.
She can 5 degrees for all I care and she can be 5ft8 or 6ft 2.
If she’s not much good at conversation, well, then we are stuﬀed. If she isn’t great
at sex, her degrees and all her smartness won’t help her.
So relax.
Look and see on Quora.
You got tons of women saying..
“Oh I am so pretty, so, so pretty, got a degree, with 6 languages, tall, gorgeous but
why no guy even asks me out on a date.”
Because guys put them on pedestals and because most women fear rejection like
you do. They haven’t ﬁgured out hints and signals just don’t cut it in a busy world
that grabbing mens attention from left, right and centre.
Change your state of frame.
From “OOoooh wow she got degree, smart, tall” to “right then, let’s see if she’s got
good taste in men..”
See that?
Just a diﬀerent way of thinking and suddenly, the pedestals gone.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

She said she won't easily fall in love anymore and it's not easy
to steal her. Should I take that as a rejection?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on. Any woman who thinks she’s a trophy, an object that you play hard to
get to win a medal is not worth your time.
It’s a red ﬂag.
She’s put the clause in there to play hard to get and hope you’d start doing what
most needy and insecure guys do - start chasing.

I have had women say that to me while back. I haven’t got it for years but when I
did..
Her - I won’t easily fall in love anymore and its not easy to steal me.
Me - Christ woman. We haven’t even went to base one and you’re desperately
talking about love. And you take women back 100 years with thinking your a
possession to be stolen. Sorry but that’s fucked up.
And I walk away.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a girl out when her friends are around and what
do I do after if she says yes sa?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t wait when she is alone. You’re missing the point called..conﬁdence. I have
approached girls when they are with friends and believe me, that alone makes
you stand out more than waiting for the girl to be alone.
You’ll also be waiting, hesitating and you might not get her alone and even if you
do, you might still hesitate.
Instead walk up to her while she’s with her friends and..
You - Hey there, I only got a minute but I had to come over to say you’re cute. How
do you guys know each other.
Like it’s the most natural thing in the world. Be conﬁdent.
Then when you got it going you can ask her not her friends but her,
You - listen I’d like to talk to you for a minute not far, to ask you something.
Turn to her friends and..
You - I’ll bring her back in a minute (smile and put your hand out so she follows)
Don’t ask for their permission. Lead.
Now you got her but move fast and then it’s all a matter of your own experience
and skill. Don’t ask for the number yet. Get her talking, be playful, fun and paint
what can happen, the experience, light it up in her imagination but know you
haven’t got much time as her friends can pull her back.
Just relax, don’t talk too fast and if her friends call just put your hand out like you
got it under control and they need to chill.
Ask her a question..
You - Listen, you know how it is with beauty. All guys go for girls because of looks
but beauty is quite common. You don’t have to work for it (smile), so tell me
something about you. What one thing that a guy be so interested getting to know
you more.
It doesn’t have to be this question but you’re showing her she needs to show she’s
interested in you. Also you’re showing her you’re not just after her body and if she
doesn’t answer, hey man, smile, walk away. The attraction isn’t there but if she
does, she will want you to know something about her.
Then after, suggest something and give her your phone to add her digits and you
add yours and take her back to her friends. Then smile, and say..
You - hope you are fun with texting as you are face to face.

Don’t say you’ll call and just walk.
You can text her later at night but don’t ask her out. Build on attraction, text
playful, use humour but don’t try hard.
Have fun, and then lead to talk on phone in week and you can build more on
attraction to ask her out to do something together but no resturants…no movies.
They create awkwardiness and this is a time to talk, build on attraction and some
comfort too as you walk, talk, physical touch i.e. hold hands, kiss etc.

Imagine if it went well.
What story she can now say about her? You just made her stand out in front of her
friends and that’s a story she won’t forget than some guy waiting for her to be
alone.
The story for girls, how you meet is a big thing. They always get asked.
“So how did you meet him?”
“He just walked over to me while I was with friends. Just like that. No guy ever
did that..etc cetre…”
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of conversations only happen in college?
Adam Taha, The conversation I had when I was in college

Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - so is it true
Me - What’s true?
Girl - Arabs have 4 wives
Me - Nah. I have 15
Girl - WHAT?
Me - Yeah, 15 wives and all virgins.
Girl - ?
Me - Yeah, virgins like you
Girl - I’m NOT A VIRGIN…
Me - (grinning)
Girl - I MEAN….
Me - Gotch yah!

Friend - Hey Master (my nick name)
Me - Yeah?
Friend - Listen man, how the hell you talk to these girls just like that?
Me - Just talk ain’t it.
Friend - But about what?
Me - The stuﬀ they so love to talk about
Friend - yeah but what?
Friend 2 - Yeah man, why you so hiding his shit from us
Me - Christ. Just go and talk about relationship
Friend - Yeah right, like that works
Me - Ok hold on
Me - Hey! (walks over the girl)
Me - Listen you look like someone who knows.
Girl - ?
Me - You see that guy there with black cap
Girl - Yeah?

Me - Well, I need your help. He was dating this girl and one day she came to see
him and in his room she found a girls nickers. So she went ballistic until he said it
was his
Girl - Haha
Me - And so she got turned on when he said that and now he has to wear girls
nickers every damn day. It’s doing his head in and he doesn’t know what to do.
Can’t you tell with way he is standing right weird?
Girl - OMG! Haha. Actually yeah, he is struggling isn’t he? That’s crazy!
Me - Yeah big time but here’s the thing. What do you think he should do? Should
he just tell her it was another girl or just keep wearing his girlfriends nickers
cause she’s going to buy him some thongs and granny pants hahaha.
Girl - Hahahahaha. No way!
Me - Hahahah. You can’t make this up. Look at him. It’s killing him. So what do
you think he should do and why?
Girl - explains for 5 minutes
Me - I knew you was smart. I had a feeling when I saw you walking by. You’re cute
too.
Girl - Thanks :) I’m Ashley by the way
Me - Adam. Listen, I got to go back to my mates but I’ll talk you again over a drink
later on whenever. You sound fun and I like to ﬁnd out more about you and your
genius mind.
Girl - I’ll be at cafe later at 12 if you want?
Me - See you then ;)
(walk over to my friends)
Me - See! Relationships. They eat that shit up everyday
Friends - Dayuuuum.
Me - :)
47.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would you accept the woman you date when knowing she has
been dating 3 men? I am dating 3 men in rotation based on their
availability. None of them a winner. I hope by time one asks me
to be exclusive, I will be ready to decide.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Asking a man if he would accept?
Asked to be exclusive?
Until you’re ready?
You have so missed the point.
Do you think these women here waited to be asked to have equality? Do you think
it was given to them?

Do you think these women waited when they were ready?
They were never ready. No one is ready. They believed in their self worth. They
believed in how they are equal to man. They believed and they went for it.

Do you get the point now these women stood for?

If not…how about now….

Because of these women you now stand equal with men and anyone else, and to
never wait for anything. Including waiting for someone to ask for exclusivity.
These women didn’t ask if men accepted this or that. To vote wasn’t about that.
They weren’t ﬁghting for someone to accept on how they got the right to vote.
They knew already that was a right not given by man or anyone. It IS their right
anyway but they had to march, battle, to make their voice heard.
They didn’t wait to be ready.
They knew what they wanted and they knew what they were going against and
they didn’t let that stand in their way.
This isn’t Disney where a woman is helpless, a damsel in distress. Where a
woman’s worthiness is deﬁned by a man approaching, asking, dating and then
asking for exclusivity.
You wanted equality.
Now you got it.
Women before you have now given you the platform and stage for your voice to
be heard. You want exclusivity then ask for it.
Don’t wait for a man to ask for it like your helpless, like you don’t know what you
want and like you don’t know what your worth is.
As for men accepting…..
I don’t care about women who don’t accept if I am dating and in relationship with
other women. I don’t because people have their own perception which they think
it’s a truth. I follow my own truth. Many won’t approve but hey, many will always
grow to ﬁnd their opinions change over time.
But I won’t wait for that. I focus who is similar in the way we see life, dating,
relationship and world. I look for compatibility and you don’t ﬁnd that with every
woman as you won’t with every man.
I am ready now, today, this moment because being ready is me saying I don’t have
my own mind, own thinking and how I don’t know what I want.
I do know what I want and I behave as a man who goes for what he wants and
knows how to get what he wants. I may not succeed all the time but I do most of
the time.
Equality!
It’s not easy, is it?
It’s not easy because it is not a word. It’s not something you just say.
It is a behaviour.
It’s a behaviour of someone who believes in themselves.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do after getting rejected by 3 girls in a row?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here is your problem..
“I really like you, but as a brother or a friend.”

This tells it all.
You see a girl and you spend lots of time playing safe. You see a girl, you don’t
show intent, you pretend to be a friend and after some weeks or months, you then
try asking her out.
There is only two type of guys.
1. The weak
2. The strong
I am not talking about muscles here.
I am talking about conﬁdence.
To get this conﬁdence, you need to go through the pain, doing it again and again,
and again until you learn to be better at what you do.
You see a girl, you don’t wait and immediately approach and show intent. That
allows you to not waste your damn time with girls using you as emotional support
or girls just looking for a friend. If it is a no, brillaint!
You found out what you need to know so you can move on fast to someone else.
You keep going because you will get better and better and beter to such, you will
get a date.
You have 3 rejections.
I had many before I got good at what I do and got dates. When I was a teen, I went
through 20 rejections before I got a date. I went for extremely attractive and so I
got even more rejections but I got better everytime and now, no problem.
Now, I don’t get much rejections because I am very good at the beginning stages
and I screen out women, and most of time, I don’t even ask them out because
while socialising, I ﬁnd out something about them. I ﬁnd “nah, not asking her
out.”
I don’t have mercy with this. I don’t give a shit. I know how most women can fuck
you around with time. I don’t give them that chance.
I show intent immediately and I want an answer now, or forget it. I am moving
on.
1. You be conﬁdent
2. You have humour
3. You are sexually aggressive meaning…you show intent.
If I get no, or if the answer is not clear…. I move on until I ﬁnd one woman I really
feel a connection with and she feels it too, and we are rocking.
You right now is at the the beginning stages.
You need to see this as a learning process.
Correct your behaviour..
1. Do not approach girls being friends/platonic
2. You see a girl, you are attracted to, approach immediately
3. Be playful, fun not all romantic and serious and playing safe
4. Show intent immediately
Now I cannot show how and what to do in each stage. That’s for people I train but
you can still learn on your own. I learnt on my own.

I approached dating and everything like a scientist and as a learner.
So approach with this mindset. Approach not with this idea if every no is a failure
but rather to question, learn, write in a journal, how you did it, what you might
need to change and what are you now going to do next to change it.
Then go and do it many times. I mean many, to about 20–30 girls. Then if it
doesn’t work then go back to journal, write down what you did, what you feel you
need to change. Be honest with yourself.
Then write what you’re going to do about it.
Now go and do it.
This is how I learnt.
If it was conversation skills. I learnt this way.
If it was approaching. I learnt this way.
If it was making a woman feel aroused. I learnt this way.
If it was leading to date. I learnt this way.
If it was sex to eating a woman’s pussy out, I learnt this way.
If I wanted to make tons of friends, this is how I did it.
You do the same.
If you was applying for a job and you got rejected 3 times, you’re going to get that
make you feel down?
Of course you won’t.
You might feel shit for a bit. You might have some doubts but you will pick
yourself up and ﬁnd out what can you do better and then get the knowledge,
practice it, apply until you get it good at each part to get the job.
You might even go and learn a skill.
Maybe you need to read some books on a certain area.
Maybe you need to hire a coach.
Whatever it is, what means you have, do what you can with what you got.
Embrace everything as a learning process for growth.
Figure it out. Don’t put yourself down and think something is wrong with you.
There is nothing wrong with you. You just need to grow and get better at this.
Go through the pain instead of letting the pain go through you.
Don’t stop now. Keep going, keep approaching other girls, see what you need to
correct in your behaviour.
Be excited about growing and learning to get better.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a way to propose to your girlfriend and get a YES?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, I don’t get this word “propose.” Where I come from it means proposing
for marriage but maybe thats word you use for asking a girl out.
Either way, here’s where most men and women get it messed up.

1. You don’t think about what you want to get.
2. You ask what feelings you want the person to feel ﬁrst.
You see, when I approach women, the ﬁrst thing is I know what I want. I am
explaining so you see the bigger picture as brieﬂy as I can.
I know the type of woman I desire. She’s high sexual, she’s got no problem going
down on a man, and no problem for me to go down on her, and no problem for
conﬁdence sexual guy to approach in a sexual aggressive and conﬁdent way. So I
know what I am looking for in a woman.
I am high sexual and so this is important to me. Of course, I need other things too.
Like personality, kindness, compassionate, conversation etc. I will ﬁnd these out
soon enough but the ﬁrst I ensure she knows my intent 100% clear.
She will know what I desire. I do not hide it as other men do due to fear of losing
he woman. I rather she walks, rejects than be that sorry ass of a man.
My role then is to eliminate, screen out any woman who are opposite to who I
want in a woman. While other men approach to impress, I don’t.
If there is attraction from her side, I will know because she will need to do some
work like showing me she’s interested. If not, there is no use for me to ask
anything.

Now, imagine I am attracted to her and I do ﬁnd she is in similar way of looking
things in life, and I like her personality, then….I don’t ask her to get a yes.
I turn on the heat to arouse her. I fuck her mind. I have fun with her and she has
fun with me if she is high sexual, conﬁdence in her sexuality and has clicked on
who the man is.
It only works, when she is attracted to you. This is the key. That she is attracted to
you and so you need to be conﬁdent to lead, arouse her with body language and
your words.
The words I use is no way the same a I would talk to any woman. This is a
diﬀerent level of communication. A whole new level most men never learn.
I behave and talk to make her whole body tingle, her emotions run wild, her heart
race ﬁrst, her pussy dripping wet and then…then I lead to whatever I want to
happen.
So ﬁrst capture her emotions, lead her imagination, make her feel that the
experience with you is far greater than saying no. She has to imagine the
experience in her mind is going to be amazing with you.
You don’t go for the number. You ﬁrst create the mood and experience. You don’t
ask a woman out. You ﬁrst turn her on, arouse her, get her to work or it’s not good
enough for you.

So back to you - what do you want?
You want to date her?
Ok then. Create then mood, get her to imagine the feelings, the experience with
you if she says yes to making it happen.
Be conﬁdent, express with words that are not safe, show her boldness and always
appreciate….she…is ONLY one woman on this planet.

There are many more.
So if she isn’t interested, if she pre-judges you, if she has her head up her ass, if
she behaves in a manner that you don’t like - be a man to show her what your
boundaries are and walk away.
There are more women out there. You don’t need to be needy, worried of losing
her. Let her be lost. Let her reject. Let her do whatever.
You found out what you need to know to move forward with her or without her.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Author Kunle

What are some tips on delivering a persuasive speech?
Adam Taha, I've done many public speaking events large and small
Answered Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. It’s not just a speech.
You’re not just writing a speech. You want something to happen. What do
you want to happen? Even though everyone won’t get up and make a
diﬀerence, or change or do, what do you want the message inspire your
audience to do. Think of your speech not just a speech but compelling
people to take action about something that is meaningful to their life.
This will impact everything regarding the speech. The way you start, the
middle and even the ending.
2. Emotions
Facts are all well and good, but you want to appeal to the emotion of the
audience and not just their rationality. That pulls their heart strings,
takes them on a journey, making it relevant to their lifes or to make them
experiene the speech rather than listening to a speech.
Which brings is to..
3. Storytelling
It is very powerful. I have always used stories in my speeches. I make
sure I know the audience and then I will use stories to reveal their desire,
their fears, their hopes within a story.
Stories brilliant to use as people feel you are not talking down to them
and pointing at them, and asking them why haven’t they done this or
how this is happening because of their lack of actions.
A story will reveal in a non-bias way of the meaning within the story and
inspires people to see the bigger picture and be compelled to want to
listen more, and even…take action long after the speech has been done.
The mind loves stories but it must hook them in from the very begining.
This is why you can third technique…
4. Imagination
You can use words that envoke the mind to go on a journey as you paint
words to experience and to feel you know exactly what your audience is
going through..
“Picture this..”
“Imagine…”
“Realise it can happen right now, as you imagine….”

5. Start with a question..
Think about the overal message of your speech to your target audience.
That one pain which desires a solution to capture all the meaning of the
speech..
“Have you even felt..”
“What if you could…”
“If there was one thing in your life….”
“What one thing right now you need to…
6. Humour
Be careful with this one. You don’t want to sound like a joker but
humour, sprinkled here and there, can remove awkwardiness to have the
crowd to feel comfortable with you.
It will depend on your audience, the type of speech you but even then,
you can still use a touch of humour to liven things up.
7. End the speech with the question and call of action
You’ve done your speech but now round it up with the question or even
the ﬁrst stence you used to bring it all together.
For example, let’s say you started with…
““Have you ever felt..(pain/a need for solution)”
When you did your speech you can wrap it up with the same question..
“Have you ever felt..(pain/a need for solution)”
Then close..
“Now we know that there is a way to (solution and beneﬁt/result). If you
have any questions….(let them know what they need to do next)
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

In a long-term relationship, do you care more for looks or
personality?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What happens ﬁrst?
1. Attraction. So for me I am attracted to what I see. Yes I know looks fade
but I’m living in the present and not some plonker who is going to
snooker himself. I need to be attracted to her. What I see as attractive will
be diﬀerent to other men on what they see attractive.
Now that I know I am, and she is also with me.Ok move on….
2. Then I would get to know her and so I will learn about her personality. I
ﬁnd I really love her personality. She is kind, compassionate, positive
attitude, conﬁdent, smart, has passion about something in her life and
she’s same in that she doesn’t like much of the social norms. So I am
ﬁnding about her values too and attitude to life. Moving on…
3. I would learn about the compatibility. Sex is important for me. I am high
sexual and so that is a deal breaker for me if she isn’t intimate physically

and sexually, and isn’t high sexual too. I ﬁnd she loves sex as I do and she
is awesome at it or she is willing to gain experience from me and we both
explore. She’s horny as hell, like me, love all the sex dirty talk, turns her
on too and make it part of our life to build on the attraction always.
I found this helped with relationships, even increased aﬀection and also
turned on the heat so much that one relationship I am in has been 17
years, another 15 years, other 12 years. This is of this and all rest put
together. I know why the ﬂame gets dies out and due to experience I
know love isn’t enough. It needs help and so we agree to give it the help
and be open, down right sexual with each other and comfortable with
each other in every possible sexual and aﬀectional loving way.
We discuss what we desire with sex, the fantasies, what we desire to try
and I ﬁnd we are compatible. She is also ok about open relationship and I
am upfront with what I am and she upfront too. She too desires other
lover. We discuss other personal important issues.
Great. We move on…
4. We would grow to ﬁnd out her trustworthiness. So if she is someone good
for her word, or she comes into someone’s life and doesn’t have the
maturity to know what it takes to have a relationship. I ﬁnd she is
consistent and communicates consistently, but also, I understand her
world and she understands mine too. We see we are busy, battling in
world and the more we are open in sharing these we can understand that
communication can sometimes be diﬃcult so we agree to not jump to
assumptions but clear the air, or wait, be patient and sort it out….which
brings me to…
5. Respect. That she respects me and she communicates with me often, and
she is consistent. Same with me with her. That can communicate calmly,
we can ﬁgure things out together and we have this understanding of
mutual respect with one another. We now have an underst
6. Time goes by and it builds into a long-term relationship.
I found these right there has been the core it which it has helped us to
communicate in ways where most peoples relationships dies out.
Can you imagine as an example, I have been withn lovers for over 17 years.
Diﬀerent relationships, with diﬀerent women and it still, yes still feels like we
met only yesterday? They are happy, they are amazed at how they never thought
it be this good and I am happy too. We all want the same thing in a sense and we
are not following the traditional path most follow.
That’s because of the above steps.
I got these down so good now and I made sure to be open sexually, directly, that I
never attract women who are not compatible with me, who are insecure about
their sexuality, who bring the world to our lives with social norms, beliefs and
attitudes that hinder the progress of our relationship.
Who believe in this Disney way of life and think it is the only way.
Most biggest misconcept is that lovers move from one woman to another, that it
is just sex, and are not loyal. Biggest misconception people have because they
believe their way is the only way, the social norm, traditional way is the only way.
They are conditioned by some words by mainstream and society on this is what
lovers are.

But it is not and I am so glad I don’t follow the social norms rules and traditional
dating process that would hinder us in future.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What's a little thing that brings you joy?
Adam Taha, It's the little things in life that can give you joy :)
Answered Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Cream crackers with margarine and dipped in tea.

Oh yes. I love my cream crackers and tea. When I came to England and tasted my
ﬁrst cream crackers with margarine and dipped in tea, I was sold.
Now people who visit me always brings me a box of cream crackers.
I got tons of them stacked in my cupboard :)
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

If love is no longer your ultimate goal, what else is there in life?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is a life that is meaningful and what gives my life meaning is..
1. I give. All my best guitars gone and most of my shoes/suits, because I saw
someone needed them more than me. I have one more guitar and I only
see someone is in need of it so that will be gone very soon. Probably in a
few weeks.
2. To focus on what makes me feel alive which comes from following the
path that most don’t follow. I ﬁnd it thrilling, exciting and it’s not
crowded like it is in the comfort zone
3. To create that which will beneﬁt other people
4. To create that will inspire others to step out of the pack of social norms
and blaze their own path even against social pressure
5. To leave a legacy that beneﬁts others when I am gone
6. To ensure that I treat my lovers with the loving and care, openess and
honesty
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know whether a girl is playing mind games or
interested in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s very easy and it is why I show intent in the beginning.
1. Don’t be passive-aggressive. Show intent in the beginning. Let her know
you desire her when you approach her. Don’t be serious like you’re in
Disney movie. Be playful, fun, grounded.

2. Now she has to show who she is.
3. Is she some girl wanting attention, or just want to be a friend or is she
really interested in dating you.
4. If she doesn’t give a Fuck Yes, move on. Nothing else matters. Don’t be
friends with girls you’re attracted to, thinking it will change their mind.
They wll psychologically seduce you to be passive, timid and use you for
emotional support. Move on if she’s not interested.
5. If she ﬂakes on a date and doesn’t give another schedule, then I know
she’s playing some game. If she apologises and she resumes with sharing
another day and time, then I know she’s serious. If she ﬂakes again, no
more chances. I won’t even call her or text her. I move on.
I take discipline, being organised and time seriously because I am
serious with it and I desire a woman to show she is too. These values
mean a lot to me and I don’t give a damn how gorgeous a woman is. If
these two are not respected, I move on.
So make sure you have boundaries.
Know yourself and have self respect.
Don’t be surprised most people don’t have that kind of attitude but then again,
that’s why they bitch all day about waiting on someone for weeks.
Don’t be that guy.
17.8k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

What are some example of sad misunderstanding in life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That communication has happened.
This happened to a friends of mine a few weeks ago. He said something and his
friend just dissappeared. He called, text, email and no response. It’s important
because they were going to do a project together and it was slowing things down.
Anyway, he sees his friend two weeks later in city centre and he asks “Have I said
something to upset you? We’re suppose to do a project together. I left messages.
I’ve text and emailed. You didn’t reply.”
He found out he said something which he didn’t even realise it bothered the
person.
See what I mean?
The sad misunderstanding of life - that communication has happened.
Passive-aggressiveness.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Antonius Ferdinand

What would you do on a ﬁrst date with a girl you asked out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I won’t take her to these places:
2. Resturant
3. Movies
The reason being is you need to build on the attraction and it has to be an
experience that doesn’t follow the same old boring routine that does nothing for

attraction. Instead these two in the beginning does the following..
1. It makes it serious
2. It makes it like it’s going to be a relationship when it’s too early for that.
3. It creates awkwardiness
4. It doesn’t leave room to talk privately, building on attraction but also
comfort. Not too much comfort that you become some friend, pal. You
still need to build on attraction.
So think of activities that gets you to walk and talk.
You can go to bar or cafe, but don’t stay long. Go and walk, talk, see the sights,
and ﬁgure out what she is into before hand.
Just understand it’s not really about where to go.
It’s about the experience she feels with you. It’s about how she feels alive. You can
make a woman feel alive with even a walk and a lively conversation. You can
create the mood for both of you to have an enjoyabl experience.
The key is this - tension.
Before you meet, make sure you converse already. Make sure you build the
tension up with texting or phone calls.
1. The texting leads to phone and with these tools you don’t mess about.
You have fun but you make sure in conversation both of you know what
will happpen. Like the kissing when you meet, the embracing, the
holding hands.
You can use role play and stories. You can use quotes to lead to the
conversation. You can open this up with some experience happened to a
friend. Create an opening so you both can talk about it and laugh about
it, and agree you’re not going to be like those awkward couples who sit
there staring at each other, pretending and following some stupid social
norm dating rule.
That way you both know how you want it to happen, and you lead as a
man and say how you want it to happen because women, jeesh, they
won’t lead this conversation. They are worried of being judged and still
worry about stigams and so you need to have some balls to open it up,
lead, show you desire her and be fun with it for her to engage and to say,
“Yeah i feel that way too. Let’s not be the awkward ﬁrst date people.”
Be creative with it.
2. It can be taken care of with text and phone. Now boundaries sorted and
we had fun talking about it. I’m not going to say how and give
techniques. That’s for guys I train but this is why conﬁdence is
important. Lead from day one, before you meet…get that sorted out
because when you do, you both know what can happen, it’s already
agreed and awkwardiness is out of the way.
I am not going to meet a woman on a date to be a pal. Not interested. She can go
and meet many men and get herself fed with resturant meals. That’s not what a
date is about and nor is it about sitting on ass watching a movie for an hour or so.
This is a time for fun, for showing attraction and for not getting serious but lively,
chilled and not serious. We can be serious later after a few more dates. I want to
have fun, enjoy getting to know her, and she knows me and check some places
out.

13.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hank Hats

Why does it seem like women are quicker to get over
relationships and hookups?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got to be kidding me.
Man if I put all the messages I get from women which I block and who want
emotional support, talking about some guy they can’t get over for the last 3 years,
your jaw will drop. It has nothing to do with gender issue.
People deal with breakups in diﬀerent ways.
Some bullshit themselves and rationalising their fear when they get help or when
they have an opportunity to grow, move on. Door gets shut on their face because
they have abandonment issues and shame regarding sex, and all kinds of stuﬀ.
All pretending to be innocent, so righteous but really it’s all shame,. all guilt and a
lot of abandonment issues.
Blocked at least 9 women today wanted some emotional support and I got tons of
guys sending me questions about some girl they can’t get over.
I don’t understand how one can ask that question when the evidence is clear on
quora of women who still talking about some guy they can’t get over for some
weeks, months and some even years.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if the girl I like takes days to respond to me
sometimes and only hours other times? Could she not like me
enough to respond quickly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst is if you are attracted to her, have you been passive aggressive to not say
so, and then asking her out for a drink? Like dropping your number and she drops
her and you text/talk over phone?
Seems to me you haven’t done that, which means you are not clear where stands
and she probably doesn’t know where you stand either. Or she does but she isn’t
going to do much about it as most don’t. Most women are a timid in this area, not
like men who are hunters, direct most of time.
So if you want to stop wasting time, you need to ﬁnd out or you will be spending
time sending messages back and forth for it to go nowhere. To later realise she
wasn’t into you in that way or if she was, you was too slow to take action.
If you haven’t done that then start doing so and see where it goes. Be upbeat, fun,
not serious, calm and see what she is saying.
If she avoids, if she goes silent, you got your answer because again, women on
these matters are timid, they use hints, signals, and a guy who is direct will go
through many women to have a woman say yes because most just either want
emotional support, just killing time messaging you or don’t like the directness,
which is ﬁne by me, as I don’t like ambigiouity.
Also women are social creatures in a sense, they detect subtle actions so she may
already know but for you to not waste time, want to move on, or ﬁnd out, time to
step up. That way you can move forward or move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever had a moment when you realized some of your
high school friends are trash?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Updated Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Interesting…
There was this guy who was studying really hard and he was getting all the
grades, good for him. Then he fucks up. I mean this guy seriously messes up real
bad that I looked at him and said..
“WTF is wrong with you man? WHAT?”
You see, he thought he’d label people as trash.
But that wasn’t the thing that got to me at school.
No, what got to be was this…
I get sick of people labeling girls as sluts, whores, too easy. Got sick of girls
labeling guys as players and fuckboys. Everywhere I went, there was a label for
something. I was losing my mind with this shit.
I mean, how am I suppose to remember all these labels?
There’s a new label every damn week. We got labels for diﬀerent relationships. We
got labels for people who even live in diﬀerent areas of the damn city.
We got labels kicking oﬀ left, right and centre, with gangs.
Punk. Skinhead. Rockers and on and on it goes.
So the last thing I wanted to memorise is another label, especially when I had lots
of facts I had to memorise to pass an exam I didn’t know was happening.
The only trash I saw at school was coming out of people’s mouths.
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do I need to sleep with someone on the second date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a WTF but not as you and most here know it. It’s WTF, as in, what makes you
think everyone thinks like you?
Everyone is diﬀerent.
One person follows social norms and thinks sex is some trophy, that they wait for
some dedicated time to have sex. Because…they don’t want to feel they are slut,
whore, too easy, guilty as that’s what one has been conditioned with.
Someone else, doesn’t give a shit about social norm and realises and have some
sense, and maturity that they own their sexuality and so they can say “no, I don’t
want sex.”
That’s ﬁne but then a person doesn’t go labelling “Oh he’s a player because he
doesn’t want to see me now.”
No. He made a choice. That is his right and so you made yours. That’s your right.
Some just want sex and so they go for it immediately.
Some want relationship.
Some want to go fast and some slow.
Some date multiple lovers.

Lots of diﬀerent ways on how people see things.
Your way is not the right way or wrong way, It’s just “this is what I want.” That’s
really it. There is no too quick, too fast, rules and all that which many invented.
There is only — what do you want?
Decide what you want.
Make it clear. Own it.
Be responsible than the bullshit we hear “OOoh he used me.”
He has a right to what he says he wants and you have a right to say what you
want, and each follow their own thinking.
None of it is right or wrong,
It’s just the way you are.
There is no limit or time, some method, some “3 day rule,” or “6 day rule,” or
something got to happen ﬁrst, maybe a cupid ﬂying in the air the way social norm
brain washes people.
There is only “what do I want.”
Then own it.
But also don’t judge and label the other person when they own what they want
and say no, go away and bye.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why does the guy I like ignore me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Probably because..
1. Because you are too close to his mother and you have shown you can’t
keep things to yourself. You told her you like him. That’s a no, no. You
needed to keep it to yourself and tell it to him. Trust is big with guys. We
don’t want our parents to know shit when it comes to these things until
we want to, in our own time. You took that away from him if he was
interested in you.
2. Because all you do is look for hints and signals like most girls do.
3. Or because he’s not interested in you
4. He sees you like…a…sister
You will never know until you…speak to him. No hints and no more telling
someone else how you feel about him.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

He wants kids and I don't. We are everything to each other, but
this is killing us. Have you been in a similar situation? What
would you advise?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, you’re working hard to prevent the inevitable.
You are not compatible with each other and it is a shame that this wasn’t brought
up from the beginning of the relationship rather than years.

When you knew, you needed to have left. You weren’t throwing anything away
but rather have cherished the memories you had together to move on to ﬁnd
someone compatible with what you want in a relationship.
He is bringing this up occassionaly and he will keep doing so.
You are both not compatible anymore even when you love each other.
This is why I say love isn’t enough.
For him it is serious and he wants children. I won’t try and have children just to
keep a relationship. That’s not the solution and it never is
It will only cause more frustrations and may even turn into resentment later on
when you ﬁnd this is just not what you wanted and start blaming each other. You
have had wonderful years together, keep it that way by both going your own way.
Don’t let this drag on by staying in the labyrinth where none of you are going to
see it for what it is and have the courage to move on. Many people, many women I
know and men, stay in the laybrinth, trying to change the man or woman, trying
to make the man or woman fall for them again, but what they don’t realise is they
waste more years of their life.
It becomes painful, you get fed up with the same helpless feelings and it just
takes you nowhere. No matter what I say to these women and men, it won’t help
because it is all emotional, it is all desperation and so, I have to leave them to ﬁnd
out for themselves what I mean…the hard way.
And the hard way is not a pretty sight. It is demoralising. It breaks you down. It
strips you of all your dignity and self respect. It ruins what good there was left in
whatever one has built.
Back and forth I see the women and men, back and forth, trying to salvage, trying
to rebuild, trying to ﬁx but they know, deep inside of themselves the other person
wants something else. Something they themselves do not want to give but they
think if they do it will chnage and make it all better, and make it all go away.
It doesn’t.
This is where you are now. The place where you both not moving forward or
backwards, and just in a standstill.
Until one of you make the brave step in saying you both love each other, you had
your time but now you must go your own seperate ways then it will really destroy
whatever good, beautiful, wonderful you both built together.
It will ruin the love and even the friendship that comes from it.
I know what I am saying for you to do isn’t easy. I know it is going to be diﬃcult,
heart breaking but in time you will see this is the right decision to make.
You got more years ahead of you and so has he.
Free each other.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is wearing no underwear attractive? (Guys and Girls)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, for me, yes. If I know the woman I am dating and in relationship with
whispers “I’m not wearing underwear,” and she has short skirt then yes, it’s
attractive to me.
Everyone is diﬀerent but for me, it’s a turn on.

7.5k Views · View Upvoters

We were in a long distance relationship for years and we had a
misunderstanding which made me leave her for a year. Now we
are back but she doesn't call or text, it's me who does it. Is she in
love with me or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone is diﬀerent and diﬀerent in showing their aﬀection. Some girls are
uncomfortable to show the aﬀection and some want to but just don’t know how.
Some want the other guy to lead.
The only way you are going to ever ﬁnd out is ask her.
I’m personally a good communicator, consistent and so I don’t mind messaging
and contacting for long distance.
I am with a lover who is long distance and so, I know her world will be like mine,
busy, and she’s younger so she be busy with friends and life; and I want her to not
miss those moments in her life. I don’t want her stressed out but know she never
needs to worry about drama, jealousy or possessiveness.
I’ve got my feet on solid ground and distance should never be a problem if two
people are into each other. I am patient and I am very busy with my goals, dreams
and so, if she disappears for even weeks or month, it’s cool. I never shut the door
but I do move my focus on work I am doing and which I am very excited about.
It doesn’t mean I don’t care. She knows I do and she knows I love her. She knows I
am a conﬁdent man and experienced in life to know what is going on. I have also
said always what I felt and I don’t speak those words likely, but she also at times
shared her feeling to me. Not easy to do but she did it.
I know what she feels for me, know she has aﬀection and love for me and she has
said it as well, which wasn’t easy for her. It never really is sometimes to show that
kind of deep aﬀection. It needs courage, maturity and a person really does feel it.
But for you, my concern is you don’t know how she feels especially with the time
you have had with her and contacting her. That you haven’t asked her how does
she feel for you. I don’t hide what I want to hear from my lover but you seem to do
so.
So that for me is a bit of a concern because a man knows, he hears it from his
lover, she will show her aﬀection and love in some way, as my lover has with me.
The best thing to do is you need to not be passive-aggressive.
I feel that’s part of the problem.
You’re scared to know how she feels and maybe it’s because you’re worried she
might not feel love for you and so you stay passive-aggressive.
I would use the time when you talk to her to ask her how she feels about you,
communicate your concern and ﬁnd out there and then.
That’s when you will know if you can’t see from all the communication with her
or from anything she has done or didn’t do, that she does love you.
Be open.
Don’t be passive aggressive.
Communicate your concern. Ask her.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend suddendly became cold after a month of dating.
What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing you can do.
Yes, it can be depressing feeling, it’s not fun now, it’s rejection and there’s
nothing really you can do when such a person is at that level in which they think
when this feeling is gone, it means they now leave.
When the infatuation is gone and the person isn’t mature in a sense to realise
there is much more to some crush, then you’ll ﬁnd especially in young guys, this
is what will happen. That is so with young girls too who lack maturity.
Moving from one guy/girl to another, looking for that New Relationship Feeling
and not realising only much later they just let go of someone who can be really
good to them.
Happens a lot and see it all the time.
They want that New Relationship feeling instead of having the maturity…
experience…insight…that this feeling only last for a small time.
That the chemicals die down, and it needs work now, where intimacy comes in,
aﬀection, emotional opening is needed and not the searching for “New
Relationship feeling.” They put time in to do that but most don’t. Most just
become distant, don’t communicate and of course it stays stuck in some place.
It’s a cycle I see repeated over and over, and over again.
This is when I see who this person is for real.
This is when I see who the person level of maturity, experience or who they really
are mindset wise. The weight of their words and character.
Be prepared because some will dissappoint you.
But the ones who don’t, well, they are the surprise in life that makes all this shit
worthwhile and for all the rest fade to nothing. It doesn’t become hard with them.
It doesn’t become some drag or big question on where it’s going or what is
happening, or why. The actions are clear and it shows love and the desire is ever
so strong in wanting to be with you. There is no question about it.
Such people will come in your life with lots of maturity, experience, conﬁdence
and they kick ass when showing their feelings for you. They say it and behave in a
manner that is so loud and clear that they are into you.
When they appear, I hope you have the maturity to recognise them. I hope you’re
not some person just wanting some sex release and dissappear but someone who
knows this shit is real and it doesn’t come often.
They don’t get ruled by the New Relationship Feeling. They are far beyond the
immaturity most yet to grow out of and know what makes any relationship work.
In other words, they have lived and grown. You will for real know the diﬀerence.
You know how you will know?
You will know because the guy makes you grow. You can feel yourself growing as
a woman in conﬁdence, wisdom, experience and even in your own life. The same
way he will feel about you to. He will also grow as a man.
The best thing you can do is nothing.
Distance yourself from this guy and get busy with your life.

The more busy you get, going out, being with friends than mopping around
waiting for a text or a phone call, the better for you.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

The man I like criticizes me a lot and then says he does this
because he values me. Does he not like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have a defect too. I can’t stand other people who want to always argue and create
drama. When a guy or a girl says..
“I am this. I am that.” Believe them.
They are framing the relationship or behaviour they are going to apply to you.
They have said to you what they are like and so, they are not going to change.
This guy isn’t going to change.
Walk away. You’re self esteem is very important. You don’t need this in your life,
ever. So walk away and don’t bother spending time with him.
Spend time with someone who will bring the best in you and who you enjoy being
with, and who makes you feel awesome.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What makes some women so pretty, and others so plain?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, that’s the thing most of my friends don’t get about me.
The plainer a woman is, the more beautiful she is to me. I don’t get it either. But
the more I see a woman as an example wearing plane clothes, nothing
fashionable, no brand clothes, just even a baggy jumper with hair all over place,
baggy jacket, I’m like..
“Oh wow. Look at her.”
My friends would be “WHAT?”
“She’s gorgeous man.”
“What you on about Adam. She’s plain, she’s..”
“Yeah stunning. Look at the mess of her hair haha. Love it man!”
Hey, there is a time for dressing up and looking all sweet and ﬁne. Sure, no
problem but not to the cause of being uncomfortable with their body and
features.
I knew a woman who would be so self conscious about her body. One day she was
naked in front of me and she kept on about her stomach and then her legs. Then
it be something else.
I’m wondering why. She looks gorgeous.
I liked her curves. I liked her belly. I liked her legs. I liked her wide hips but I
knew, no matter if I said I liked, she’d be even more self conscious about them.
So for some, they see what they want to see. For one guy he will see plain but for
another he see beauty, for another he will see belly but for another he will only
see the woman he is in love with.
What is plain and what is really beauty?

Like the way people will be strolling through forest with quick pace. I’d be looking
at every detail, the bark of the tree, the leaves and diﬀerent shade of colours, the
ground with diﬀerent stones, the spaces with each rock, and people would be far
ahead of me while I’ll be kneeling down going, “Look the ants pulling carrying
the branch. Holy shit, look at that!”
I wish I had a woman who is as passionate about nature as I am. nstead of moving
fast, we take all this in and be at awe of it all.
So what is plain? What is beautiful?
I could be walking one day and I’d see a woman who people see as fat and I see
sexy. Or a woman who looks average looking to some and I’d think, “wow she’s
cute, who is she?”
Or I’d see a tall woman and I think, “she’s gorgeous.” Or a very attractive woman
and think she’s sexy.
What is plain? What is beautiful?
If we never were conditioned to believe there is such a thing as plain and
beautiful, would we even see any diﬀerence?
Would we see that diﬀerence as plain or beautiful, attractive or not attractive?
Sometimes I wish it was like that so I can at least see what would happen. I think
it be a lot diﬀerent to how it is today.
18k Views · View Upvoters

How can I convince my girlfriend to wear at least basic makeup
on a daily basis? She's sweet but without makeup I don't ﬁnd
her attractive
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She was like that when you ﬁrst met her. Why then do you suddenly ﬁnd ﬂaws in
her to want to change her?
I personally won’t say anything to her because that’s her choice. If I took interest
in a woman and I got to know her, and she became my lover - I would never want
to change the way she is.
The lover I am getting to know is not materialistic and she’s not that bothered
about these things as much as most women are. It is her inside, her smartness,
her intellect, her love for nature and environment, her desires are smiliar to my
desires, her high sexual drive, her personality, and so much more about her.
If there are ﬂaws they’d be attractive to me.
No one is really perfect but to not see so much more than make up, the clothes
she wears, when you got so much to see in the girl, is really sad to me.
You need to be a person in which she grows to embrace her nakedness, her
natural beauty, her inner beauty. Man, I don’t get some guys today and even girls.
You just don’t get it. It takes you guys years to understand this and most amazing
thing. Some still don’t get it.
You don’t date a girl to change her. You don’t date a girl to make her be someone
else. You date her and be with her because of all she is.
You didn’t think that way in the begining when you met her, so why now?
Make up is personal. It’s something you don’t ask a woman to use and put on. The
same with clothes. We don’t go oﬀ controlling women’s life but be part of their life

as they become part of our life.
Next time, when you approach a woman to date, make sure you look deeper than
what she is wearing. Don’t date a woman to change her.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Which is the most beautiful ﬂower?
Adam Taha, I have an interest and passion in nature

Answered Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Impatiens bequaertii or known as the Dancing Girls.
It’s a rare species from the rainforests of east Africa. The petals resemble a little
girl in a skirt with outstretched arms. It’s best when they are high up than on the
ground because you can see the petite full shape of the dancing girls.

2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that girls are not attracted to average looking guys
who read and write but would be very much attracted to an
outlaw biker or a swag drug peddler?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only diﬀerence is this..
1. They are not boring
2. They are wild
3. They don’t follow the social norms and how society dictates
4. They are exciting and fun to be with
5. The wife or girls will frown but really they’d love to have him between
their legs.
6. Sex with them will make a woman ﬂy high, her body shudder and even
just by their look and words, her pussy be dripping wet
7. They can arouse a woman by words alone
8. They can arouse a woman by just their look from their eyes and body
language.
9. They are very smart, intelligent, and know about the world to such a
deep level, it make most people look dumb when they start breaking
your belief system right down to the core and you won’t have a leg to
stand on when done. So don’t challenge them thinking they are not well
read because they are. You just make sure, whatever you believe in isn’t a
fairytale because they will break that shit up right down to where it all
began.
10. They have talents and they mastered many of them and formidable at
one talent every man wish they mastered and took time to learn.
WOMEN.
11. They are educated in knowing about the world around them and what
keeps people prisoners in their mind. That is why they don’t follow the
social norm.
12. You just can’t control them and do all the manipulation you would on
other people because they will read you like an open book. It will also
bore them because they’ve seen it all before.

13. They just pretend to make you think you got it going down and pretend
how they don’t know. So keep playing those tricks or whatever one learnt
fro Cosmo and websites. They know already. They just like seeing a
person making a jackass of themselves, whether man or woman.
14. Whatever a woman does, or man, they already saw it coming a mile oﬀ. It
is of no surprise. They’ll be dissappointed because they hoped you be
diﬀerent than the rest but they ﬁnd it’s the same old story.
15. They are very aﬀectionate, caring, loving to the one they let into their life
and can be more romantic than most can even imagine.
16. In fact, they are emotional in that they can show vulnerability to ﬁnd
everyone who sterotype them are fucked up inside, can’t show emotions
and have abandonment issues. Always comparing themselves to ﬁnd
reasons why they fail at attracting the women. It’s the same old story.
The mainstream bullshit and what most spread about the “bad boy,” on how he
isn’t well read and how he will forever be alone is a myth.
It is a myth to make others feel better about themselves.
Dream on.
They have a wonderful amazing life and they are very smart. Sure, loud at times,
conﬁdent to high level, lovers, don’t follow the social norm and why should they.
Folks don’t look like a happy bunch for “bad boy” to want to even adopt such
ways. Always sterotyping the “bad boy” like people got to compensate for their
own misery and failure in life with women and success.
All because to feel good about themselves.
8.5k Views · View Upvoters

There is no doubt in my mind that when I want to start dating
I'll be able to ﬁnd heaps of guys wanting to date me. Is it wrong
to think that since I get a lot of attention, it will be easy to ﬁnd a
potential partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not wrong in loving yourself. You’re not wrong in believing your attractive
but you are completely wrong in thinking it is SO HARD to attract men.
It is so easy for you girls to ﬁnd a guy.
You don’t even need to try hard.
The only reason it might be hard is if the girl is so shy, awkward as hell and her
head is down, and hiding away.
You can be average looking, with tits and ass, and a guy will stare at you. It’s
normal. It’s so common you won’t believe.
That’s how easy it is to get a man’s attention but getting the RIGHT man’s
attention is the hardest part. Getting a man who sees you for who you are, who
wants to be part of your life and wants you to be part of his; who will invest time,
who will respect your intellect, your ambition, your goals and your aspiration is
not easy.
Having such a man who sees a future with you is diﬃcult.
Hearing him say to you, he sees a future with you is hard to ﬁnd.
Many men will never, ever do that because they know they got to keep their word.
So they limit such projections regarding the future.

It’s very diﬃcult ﬁnding such a guy.
To attract a man who is honest, direct, tells you where he stands for real and for
him to keep his word is not easy.
To ﬁnd a man who is great at communicating his feelings and doing so
consistently, is not easy. More so because of how men are conditioned to not
show emotions but also their experience with girls who don’t show emotional
openess of their feelings to the guy. Many girls unfortunately are now like that.
For you to attract such a man who is conﬁdent in his life, and who leads his life,
who has charisma, who has personality, who has experience, purpose in life, who
will treat you right from day one is diﬃcult.
It doesn’t play out like Disney, Hollywood and Bollywood.
It’s not easy and most girls get that man but sadly, fuck it up so bad, you won’t
believe. So much so, it can even change that man later on and that doesn’t look
good for future for women if such guys do change as you’ll soon see why.
I have many friends, women who have regrets like that.
Only years later they remember this guy they once connected with. The
conversation was rich. He wanted to know everything about her. He was talented
in many ways, a guy who loves to talk and has power in his words. He made her
feel alive, amazing, appreciated and loved.
She had it all in the palm of their hands. There for the taking. They took such
guys for granted like they were so easy to ﬁnd.
He wanted to know her dreams, goals, ambitions, everything. He wasn’t some hot
good looking guy but he was a guy who will satisfy her intellectually, emotionally
and sexually too.
He didn’t play hard to get.
He would write letters to her.
He would message her always.
He would share his inner deeper thoughts as she shared hers. He would yearn for
her and continues to share while she behaves distant, or she can’t be assed to
send one letter or a phone call a week/month.
He was busy and I mean real busy but he always made the time to send a letter or
make a phone call while such women couldn’t get their shit together. They were
young. They thought time was always on their side.
They thought such men exist in abundance.
These women thought such a guy will always be there.
They didn’t go for that kind of guy.
He grew dissappointed on how he thought she would be diﬀerent. That she be
unique, special and that she would be good for her word.
But no. These girls were oblivious to what they had before them.
Thinking such a man comes so easy.
Only years later after dating one guy after another, after having their fun, after
they have sex many a times, after they experienced it all, after more relationships
here and there, and sometimes even when married…..they remember that guy.
They only valued him when it was far too late.

If you attract such a man and if all you got is your looks and some cheap
manipulation tricks that most women learn… he will for sure be bored of you in
time to come.
He will because you are not emotionally open with him, you don’t know how to,
you are cold emotionally, you can’t even show your feelings to him, you don’t
know how to express them in behaviour and words.
All you will know and ever know is how to release i.e. sex.
The conversation skills are low, your seduction skills are zero, you don’t know
how to arouse him and you’re in your head, in your world and that is all you talk
about. If you don’t know how to emotionally connect with this guy, it will soon go
downhill.
Finding a man is easy. Keeping a man is diﬃcult.
Finding the man RIGHT man is harder.
It’s not like Hollywood, where girls and even average girls don’t get attention. Of
course they can. It’s not so hard.
You’re attractive…in school.
That’s school.
It be easy to get the attention of guys in school. The world is bigger and as you
step out into the world you’re going to learn the reality of life.
1. That it is easy to get the attention from men
2. It is easy to get compliments from men
3. That there is plentiful of men who will just go for you for the look
4. The other reality - imagine it like walking into a big massive hall with
female models. Lots of extremely attractive women and the guy’s visual
is looking left, right and centre. You are now not the centre of attention
anymore.
Now this doesn’t mean I am trying to take away what you believe about yourself. I
love it when a woman believes she is attractive. I really do. I wish there was more
women who believe in themselves and comfortable with their body.
I am saying this…
You can be average looking with ass and tits, and guys will look. This is the
reality most women grow up to later realise, the hard way.
You are right now in this tiny, tiny pool, not even a pond.
You know the pool you see at the side of a pavement?
The ones that your one foot can ﬁt in?
Thats the world you are in now and the world you will meet is an OCEAN and that
ocean is ﬁlled with girls like yourself who are much more good looking, much
prettier, sexier on the surface.
And most of them always bitch and complain about how they can’t ﬁnd the right
man but really, the men they want is all around them but they do not give a shit.
They only give a damn about the looks of a man and so immediately, they judge
by the perception they have..
1. How it deﬁnes them to their friends
2. How it deﬁnes them to mummy and daddy

3. How it deﬁnes them to society
They don’t think about deeper issues but follow the perception of looks. If a man
who will treat them right was in front of them, they won’t even know it. Or they
do know but they still approach life with some skewed perception of what a right
man is.
They’ll be oblivious on how there…in front of them is that right man.
UNTIL….they had enough.
Until they have gone through pain and even then, they’d have wasted 5–10 years
on some guy who didn’t give damn about them because they still trying to ﬁx
him, change him, and they are so deeply emotionally attached and fearing
abandonment. More years go by.
Their youthful years ﬂy by.
Their ass sag and tits sag and now lines showing.
Their biological clock is ticking and…NOW…they are looking for the “right guy”
but it is even harder because that right guy today has moved on. He has changed.
He doesn’t give a shit about what they want.
He has ﬁgured it out.
He is now going for the younger woman and he’s having the time of his life. Back
then he wanted stability but that was then,
Now he doesn’t care about stability.
The table has turned.
And so the same women rationalise, “OOoh it’s so good to be single. I don’t care. I
don’t need a man. I feel good single blah blah blah blah. Guys are players blah
blah blah blah. So hard ﬁnding the..right…man..”
So lesson in life when it comes to guys is this..
It is easy to get guys attention. ANY girl can. Any.
You just need tits and ass.
It’s not some great achievement that most girls think.
Attracting the right type of guy and keeping him attracted…well, that’s a diﬀerent
story altogether.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I attracted to older men?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why am I obsessed with older men?

From what the young women I date:
1. Because with most young guys they have seen lots of immaturity and
can’t hold a conversation. They become distant very fast after
infatuation is gone. The older understands diﬀerence between love and
infatuation, and has honed his skills to connect emotionally and
converse in a way to connect with her.
2. Because they grow with an older man. He has years of experience,
knowledge, and insight to life. They can learn a lot about themselves
than they would from most young guys.

3. Because the older guy will speak his mind. He’s not intimidated to voice
opinion. He’s gone past the usual bullshit most are still hooked on and
trying to make sense of.
4. Because sex is amazing, and it comes with foreplay that turns her on and
makes her feel amazing too. While most young guys is all about bang…
bang and for them to get a blow job, for them to get ﬁnished rather than
thinking about the girl’s pleasure.
5. Because older men value time, and so, they don’t have time to fuck
about. They know with older men, the relationship can last a long time
while with most guys, they are still seeking, still wanting to experiement.
Most younger guys know they got lots of time and due to this, they are
always looking.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are the most common lies women tell men?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I’m not Jealous
Translated “I am jealous. I believe in the Disney eﬀect of how one man
for one woman. If I see you look at a woman, comment about a woman’s
ass, show me photos of gorgeous women, see you looking on computer
about women, I will feel insecure and that maybe I am not good enough,
texting someone, then…I will feel jealous and will I feel something is
missing in me…”
2. Looks don’t matter
Translated “I value personality but just know I also do feel appearances
are important. I am a human being and so I am a little superﬁcial. I am
insecure about my body so I won’t send naked photos until I am
conﬁdent and comfortable with my body. I do look at hot men in gym
but pretend I don’t. I do look at mens ass and crotches.
I do fantasize some hot guy going down on me and riding him cowgirl
style back and frontwards. So even when I say looks don’t matter, they do
in some ways. Just know, I do look also for a smartness in a man,
intellectual, knowledge wise but also has some sexual appeal too.”
3. I am almost ready.
Translated, “I need to do my hair, iron my clothes, have a shower, and
make up. I’ll be another hour..”
4. Sorry. I was so busy in these weeks/months to contact you…
Translated “You’re on top of my priority list. I can see you are easily
available for me and you won’t go anywhere..”
Or “she has been having sex with her ex-boyfriend because she can’t
stand being alone and not seeing you is diﬃcult for her and needs the
release..”
5. I was only kidding darling, just kidding..
Translated “I was shit testing you and damn it, you got balls. I didn’t
realise you have MASSIVE balls that you’d dump my ass so fast. Shit! I
better not do that again. Jeeesh. He’s not like my wuss of an ex-boyfriend

so I can’t do what I did before on him. Better try to avoid responsibility
for doing that and just say I was just joking around…”
6. Is that your ex? She’s really nice. She’s gorgeous. Wow!
Translated “I better keep an eye on her. She has a better ass and her tits
are big. Her curves are so tight and I know he might just fall for her. I
don’t like her at all. The bitch! Why is she trying to call him and spend
time with my man? Why did she look at him in that way? Why did she
come over to say hi for when I’m with him?”
7. Is this your friend. She’s so nice
Translated, “I am asking to see how you feel about her. If anything is
going on. Do you like her in that way?”
8. I have a headache
Translated, “I am not in the mood for sex. So I am saying it way ahead.
Don’t get any funny ideas.”
9. I love you
“I am checking if you love me too. I want you to say it back to me.”
10. Men don’t approach me…
Translated, “Men do but the thing is, they are not so hot good looking
like a model with six packs. You know, like the guys in the magazines..”
Or “I stand there, like a princess, the way it is shown in Disney and they
suppose to approach me but they don’t and I don’t know why…”
11. I’m ﬁne
“No, I am not ﬁne. I am upset. Pissed. Why did you say that. Why didn’t
you ask me some more on how I feel? You don’t care about me? Yes, I am
angry, upset, dissappointed but I want you to ﬁgure it out. Can’t you tell?
Can’t you read my signals and hints? I am going on Quora to ask people
what they think and what I should do…” ;)
12. Do whatever you want
Translated - “I am testing to see if you know me well enough now on
what I like and don’t like, and what I mean when I say things. To see if
you know what I am alright about and what I am not ok about…”
13. This guy is so hot
Translated - “You are not giving me the attention I need. You’re taking
me for granted. You’re letting yourself go a bit too much now. I am
reminding you by stirring te pot, putting ﬁre up your ass, making you
wake up to what you got and what you can lose..”
14. I don’t see you in that way. I see you like a friend, like my brother.
Translated - “You will never, ever, ever, see me naked. Nor will you be
having sex with me. So now you know. Don’t complain when I take your
time, your resources, use you for emotional support and probably date
your friend and tell you all what I did with him in the bedroom or ﬂoor,
or table, or in the shower - and - all the bad times we had so I can feel
better.”

Also - “you was too slow, too nice, didn’t make your move fast enough
and found you lack conﬁdence. You’re boring and I just can’t see myself
having sex with a guy like you now. It’s gone. Pﬀf. Attraction now dead..”
15. Texting “hey I am going to see mum for a week. Talk to you erm,
soon.
Translated - “I am going to see my ex-boyfriend/boyfriend who I am
chasing as he doesn’t give me attention, time, and I like him but he
treates me like I am nothing. I am going to give him a blow job and have
sex, and see if I can get him to fall for me again.”
You know because who the hell gives a damn when it’s texting? The guy
she will be seeing, is who.
16. Texting - Hey I so missed texting you…
Translated “I have given the blow job to my ex-boyfriend/boyfriend and
nothing has changed. I am texting you to make sure you don’t get
suspicious…”
17. Phone - and me and MY BOYFRIEND…
Translated, “I’m not into you and so I got to make sure you know that..”
Or “I am going to see if you’ll still try it on with me and if you do,
Mmmm, I don’t know, I might…just might because I am bored of my
boyfriend. Do it so I don’t feel guilty it’s me making the move and you
don’t judge me….”
18. Phone - “And he did this and he won’t listen and I tried to get my
boyfriend to understand but…”
Translated “I want emotional support. I will still fuck him when I go
back. I just want some guy who has time in his hands to be my therapist.
I need emotional support so bad but just know, I will never date you,
ever. You know too much about me now and well…I see you like
my….brother..”
19. “I am so busy, busy with studying to complete the university
project. It’s going to take erm…sometime. So snowed over! So busy!
(dissappears for a week/month)
But you know you can see all her activity on social media, sharing,
liking, banging up some photo on facebook, reading and voting, And she
probably screwing some guy for sexual release.
20. Texting - Hey, I am so tired to come out tonight for date. Sorry I can’t
make it.
Translated, “I’m not that attracted to him. He was too nice so no point
really meeting him for date but I couldn’t say no immediately. So I
waited and then texted on the night…”
21. Does my ass look fat in this dress. Tell me the truth babe.
Translated “For pete sake tell me my ass looks good in this dress. Tell me
I am still attractive to you.”
22. Baby I had this problem, what do you think.
Translated “I just want to talk, vent and just want you to listen. Please
don’t give me solutions darling. I just want to talk and feel better.”

23. Hi, I really love your writing. Love your work and..
Translated….”I am being nice so I can get emotional support from you,
ask you questions on my ex and how to get him back.”
So damn predictable.
24. There’s this guy and he followed me on Facebook and Instagram. It
was really creepy.
Translated “Tell me if you’re still into me. I want to see if you’re jealous.”
25. I am not ready for a relationship at the moment.
Translated “But if some hot guy I am so into, I will drop my pants right
here and now, and ride him and everything I said goes out the window. I
am in with this guy the moment he asks me out.”
26. I don’t like guys approaching me in street
Translated “but if he is drop dead gorgeous, then OMG! I will deﬁnitely
have some of that. Yes. Mmmm, let me get a taste of him.”
27. Are you a player?
Translated, “I tried to date a guy who is a lover and it was so exciting and
sex was amazing. He lead and was conﬁdent BUT I tried to ﬁx him,
change him to be my only man, to have a long relationship and even
marriage but he wouldn’t change. I tried so hard to change him but he
wouldn’t. Yes I knew he’s a lover but I wanted him because he’s not some
nice boring guy but exciting, adventureous, made me feel alive always
but what would people say if I didn’t get married, with a house, a white
picket fence. I won’t be accepted and look normal. I tried to change him
but I couldn’t. I dated other lovers but later, when I wanted stability, I
went for some guy I knew no woman will try so hard to get him. Ooh how
I still remember the moments with the past lovers…such memories..”
28. He says he is not ready for relationship when I asked him out but he
wants to get to know me. How do I know he is a player or serious?
Translated, “I don’t want to be labeled as a slut, whore, too easy. I have
fallen for social norms, and I fear abandonment and I believe in Disney,
that love happens ﬁrst sight, and that relationship happens immediately,
where a guy who doesn’t know me, has never known me, has never been
intimate with me, hasn’t had sex, will jump desperately to be in
relationship, and if he doesn’t then he’s must be player. That no man
thinks about sex when he sees a woman except if he’s a player because
Cosmo Magazine, Mummy, Daddy, friends and Hollywood movies says
so. Disney says this is how it should be. So there..”
29. How do I know he won’t use me for sex
“I don’t own my sexuality and I am not responsible for my sexuality. So if
I have sex and if after he dissappears, I can blame him so I can cover my
guilt and shame that I have been conditioned with regarding sex,
modesty and body nakedness.”
30. Yeah, these guys think they can talk to me about fantasies when
they don’t know me. They think they can play me but I got this game
down.
Translated, “I have been dating a Psychpoth, a Narcissist who hurt me

and so I don’t trust men anymore. So if you even be fun with me, if you
joke, if you show humour sexually with me then I will judge you, project
my negative past experience on to you because I don’t want to get hurt. I
will rationalise my insecurities and my fears by thinking you are a player
because really, I don’t want to show vulnerability, aﬀection, because I am
scared of getting hurt..”
31. These bad girls always getting the guy because they easy, isn’t it?
They so loose, throwing themselves at guys and haven’t any respect.
They are sluts, whores.
Translated, “I wish that was me. I just can’t attract guys. I am so jealous
and I am scared if I go for what I want then everyone will label me as a
slut, whore too easy. I am not conﬁdent like they are. I masturabate, play
with myself at home using pillow and other sex toys, and hope a guy can
pleasure me. I am just too shy and wish I can attract guys like these girls
do but these toys, pillow and my ﬁngers will have to do for now.”
81.5k Views · View Upvoters

When and how did Adam Taha begin to change himself?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Thoughts.
Everyday I am coaching people and everyday it is the same problem over and
over again. Everytime I see myself in each person because I was there.
Thoughts.
“I CAN’T.”
“I am NOT READY.”
“I’m shy.”
“I have social anxiety.”
“I can’t do…”
“I’m not good at..”
“I can’t ﬁnd..”
“It won’t work..”
“It’s impossible..”
The amount of harm people do to themselves due to the replaying many negative
thoughts and yet, we would lock our cars. We would put alarms in our cards. We
would protect our home with locks and alarms.
We would have anti-virus on our laptops.
We would immediately see a warning if we get hit and ensure to clean it up. We’d
even have backup and external drivers and cloud.
Just in case we lose our work and yet - the most sophisticated, expensive tool we
got, our brain, we do not protect.
They speak and in their words they are programming themselves for failure. They
are doing it either intentionally to be comfortable, out of fear success or because
it has now become a habit and done out of ignorance.
People already face a challenge.
A person had heard “NO” more than 50,000–100,000.
They hear the word “NO” more than they heard “YES.” They hear more negatives
from those around them, whether it is some teacher, some friend, the news,

headlines on a newspaper and from when they grew up as a child than with
hearing positive.
They didn’t hear enough about how they are beautiful, they are amazing, they are
successful no matter what goals or whatever anyone says.
That they have potentail within them to achieve what they put their mind too
and they will receive support.
The amount of parents who say that their child is doing ballet, or some sports, or
some skill, and how they are not good in doing it, and whether they should stop
their child, happens a lot in the world we live in.
They reason they give is they are protecting the child from failure.
That they don’t want their son or daughter hurt.
That is their belief system. This is what negative thoughts does. This is what fear
does. It gets you rationalise their own fears.
What if we we educated people about “failure,” in a way that people understand it
as a person are learning, and there is no losing but growing, getting stronger, and
never quitting. That failure is when someone quits on their passion rather than
someone who makes mistakes, losing, falling?
We won’t need to protect.
And the child grows up seeing failure not as failing but rather a process in life to
learn, to ﬁgure out, to celebrate their journey of mistakes which they can learn
from.

Once a young man was in a race.
He was younger than everyone in this race. The adults in this race belittled him
and the crowd were mocking him.
But his eyes was straight ahead and as he saw the runners start ahead of him, he
ran. As he ran people were mocking him.
The runners were trying to psychological put him down.
However, he persisted and got to the top and turned to run down. Again, some
people in the crowd mocked him. The runners behind him did the same but he
ran and he won the race.
As he stood on stage, the speaker asked..
“We want to know, how did you keep calm when most people doubted you,
mocked you to still keep going and win the race? Was it courage?”
Another person got up on stage.
It was his mother and she explained to the boy using sign language. Her son
replied to the judges and speaker, and the people.
“The reason is because no one ever told me that I cannot win. I just thought the
crowd was cheering me on and that’s what pushed me even more.”
What if you got the support, the encouragement and the environment that helps
you to grow? That shapes your habit you need to win in life?
Where failure now is not failure, but rather a journey of amazing discoveries
about yourself, about other human beings and the world?
What if all you feared is removed and you knew, that when you fail, it’s alright?

That it’s just part of life and you’re going to do great. Just get up again because
that’s what a winner does. You was always a winner no matter what you achieve
or don’t achieve. That no one can take or give that to you.
It was in you from the beginning. From the day you was born. So, do, make
mistakes, approach and know whatever someone else thinks and says, that is
their belief not yours. You know that is 100% truth no one can deny. No one.

So we carry our ancestors thoughts, their thinking, and we think it is our belief
and most, not all but most of the belief holds us back.
The environment is also very important.
Some people, like myself and probably you too come from an evironment that
was toxic, ﬁlled with words, behaviour, programs that of course impacted how we
think.
How we think created our perception and our perception created our reality.
That is until we realise that whatever we believe in is not working for us.
That whatever we thought is not giving us the result in our lives.
That whatever we were taught is not helping us to really grow and become what
we need to become to achieve what we want in life.
Sometimes, people got to hurt real bad, when they had enough to want to change
and some, well, some will never change.
Some hide even deeper in the shadows and walk someone else’s shadows,
someone else’s thoughts, someone else’s ways for the rest of their life.
Some of us know the greatest discovery is the discovery of the self and it is path
that can open a world for us if we put the work in.

The ﬁrst step I ever took was diluting these thoughts.
I got rid of the Television and replaced it with a system that replays thoughts that
I created. So if you ever come and walk into my home, you will hear the stack CDs
playing. If you go into the kitchen, you’d hear there, if you go to the bathroom
you’d hear words there too.
When I am walking, I don’t have music. I have thoughts I have designed.
When I am doing my work, I have it running in the background.
You walk around my home and you will see goals, dreams, plans. You walk into
the bathroom and on the side of the mirror are my goals and dreams.
And you know what happens when people visit?
They get inspired!
They go home and they DO what I do nbecause they seen my life. They canot
deny what they see. They cannot deny the women around me. They cannot deny
my work they see all over the place.
It’s there. In front of their eyes.
That does something. That is the environment and when women come, they
don’t want to leave. When men come, haha, they don’t want to leave.
It’s that power.

You are in some dark place and you come here and hits you, and you feel great.
You feel like anything is possible and you want to stay.
Thoughts + Environments.
You cannot get rid of the thoughts but you can create an environment and you
can begin to dilute the negative that is loud in your mind.
You can have other thoughts to become louder by being consistent.
You have a choice on what thought to focus on the most.
Now isn’t that amazing? You have the choice on what thought to focus on the
most. You cannot think positive and negativity at then same time!
You are now the Master of your Fate.
You become the Master of your own mind.
You make sure you’re alert to try your best to not let it run on autopilot as it has
done so for years.
It is only diﬃcult because of habit but if we endure, if we persist, if we don’t give
up, we will see a change, a transformation.
In doing so, you alter your state of mind.
As an example…
Someone else thinks “she will reject me.”
But my frame of mind now is, “Let’s see if she has good taste in men.”
See how this now changes everything.
You’re going to see if she has good taste in in men.
You’re going to push her. You’re going to sexualise. You are going to be direct.
“But what if she gets oﬀended?”
But my state of frame is this, “let’s she if she is my equal or not.”
Now we see the world with diﬀerent eyes because the thought in my head is very
diﬀerent.
In work I hear people say..
“But I don’t know how to do this.”
My state of frame is, “let’s learn how to do it or ﬁnd someone who knows.”
When I went for jobs and I didn’t have any qualﬁcations
“But you haven’t qualiﬁcations Adam, how will you get that job?”
My state of frame was, “I’ll create results and show them.”
I did just that. I created results very fast. I just found out who their partners were,
went in there, found what help they needed, exchaged it with my skills, and now
when I sat in the interview, I just revealed what I did for their partners.
And one of them was on the interview panel.
Out of all who was sitting outside, with their degrees, I got the job.
That is what I call, “Learning the rules to break them, and apply your own.”
So I ﬁrst renewed my thoughts and made sure the environment works for me but
that wasn’t enough.

The third thing I did, is action.
Only by consistent action does the mind see you’re putting eﬀort in.
The formula is this.
A+C+E= brain creates or strengthens existing pathways
So it’s
1. Action
2. Being consistent
3. It Engages the brain
For example if a guy wants to be good at approaching women then the formula in
which I applied was the same..
1. Thought
2. Action
3. Being consistent
4. Engages the brain
5. The result = social instinct
I am simplifying it but by applying the action, you show this thought to be true to
you. You begin to engage the brain by being consistent in your actions, starting
small, doing it in diﬀerent environments without seeking approval.
As time goes by you step it up to make it a little more challenging and go through
the process again. Maybe this time you start a conversation.
Maybe you be a little more fun.
Maybe you show humour. Maybe you step it up even more and not give a fuck
and sexualise. Maybe it is something else.
Until what was new is now comfortable and becomes part of your nature.
It always it starts with thought.
That is the beginning in how I changed and transformed my life.
Thought.
I helped my mind with thoughts I desire in life.
I gave it knowledge and action.
I helped it even more by being persistent and trusting in the process that exists
within nature itself. That if you persist, learn, observe, assess, tweak, keep
moving forward then you will in time get results.
If you doesn’t work… change something. Always improve. Grow.
When the results came, the conﬁdence grew.
Conﬁdence didn’t come from reading books.
Conﬁdence didn’t come from brushing next to knowledgeable people.
Conﬁdence came from pain.
That is how I win against the many.
While other fear pain, fear rejection, I embrace it.

It doesn’t mean I don’t hurt. It does.
But I have seen the rewards.
I have experienced the results and when you now have real life examples in your
life due to your own doing, it is more real, it gives you 100% clarity, conﬁdence
that most ﬁnd hard to develop.
Because…they think conﬁdence is going to come by reading alone.
You don’t need to prove a damn thing to anyone.
Whether a person believes or not, doesn’t stop me doing what I do, approach,
date, have sex, eat pussy, relationship.
So I don’t need to convince anyone. Anyone who doesn’t believe, they to me, are
out of their mind because it’s common sense.
They don’t want to go through the pain.
You can’t expect the brain to believe if you are unwilling to go through the pain
instead of letting the pain go through you and behave like some victim.
So all the great men and the great women who came before us were right.
Thought is real.
It is as real as your own ﬂesh.
That’s where the change begins - thought.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Florin Iliescu and Gokul Sridhar

Can you give me insight into men's perspective on dating?
What does it mean when he says he’s not in a rush & tells me to
“relax & see what happens”? Is he just using me for sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course your brains jumps “does he just want to use me for sex”
You need that label to overcome the guilt and shame regarding sex. It’s an
unconscious conditioning swimming in your mind.
I mean, he said he is not in a rush and you still talk about sex. Men know the only
thing in your head when a man approaches is..
“Does he just want to use me for sex.”
You got sex in your mind more than men do.
He approachs (does he just want to use me for sex)
He converses (does he just want to use me for sex)
He asks for my number (does he just want to use me for sex)
He says he doesn’t want to step into a relationship fast (does he just want to use
me for sex)
He calls on phone, text (does he just want to use me for sex)
He messages me (does he just want to use me for sex)
He said hi (does he just want to use me for sex)
No, he doesn’t want to USE you for sex.
Because you are responsible for your own sexuality.
You can say “NO,” when that moment comes.
No man uses you.

You just don’t take responsibility for your own choices in life and then blame it on
the man by saying, “he used me for sex.”
Why do you think when women sends me messages or when I approach, I
sexualise from the very beginning?
Because they can bullshit themselves but I’m not going to do that with my life. I
know whatever I say, in their mind it is this…
“Does he want to use me for sex,”
So I might as well be open and direct, and if they run with their tails between
their legs, bye, bye. I am ﬁne with that.
I attract women who know this...
What are some ugly truths of life?
What do you expect after centuries of pounding women’s mind about how sex is
evil, bad, ashamed and if you’re not in “wedlock” or “relationship,” then you must
be ashamed of yourself for your private parts, nakedness are possessed by evil
spirits.
Even Modesty has got nothing whatsoever to do with clothes and nakedness but
look how they manipulated it to be so and everyone, mostly everyone, adopted it
and now follow it because their social peers follow it.
If they didn’t, it be like the days of Witch hunting but this time it’s not burning
women but rather it is psychological. They judge, ostracise, ridicule, humilate
women and men with what we know as..labels..
Slut, whore, too easy, player kicks in because that’s what societal programming is
all about. To control. It is a Social Control manipulation technique. Use the very
people on each other to put fear on each other.
Nasty piece of work.
Makes you insecure and lack sexual conﬁdence i.e. the conﬁdence in who you are
and in your body and sexuality. It even makes you insecure with going for what
you desire in life, your goals, ambitions, your dreams because everything now is
about doing everything to be..
1. Approved by your social peers
2. Accepted by your social peers
3. Validated by your social peers
4. To ﬁt in and look “normal.”
5. To avoid pain from others
6. To be comfortable but insecure, helpless
7. To avoid being pointed at
8. To avoid loneliness
You’d be terriﬁed of the world I am in.
In fact in our world, when we hear women say that, we roll our eyes at the naivity,
the inexperience and brain washing she’s had. Probably masturbating with
pillows, with sex toys under her bed, and pretending she is such a Nice girl, when
there is no such thing as a good girl and bad girl.
Always looking from the corner of her eyes, afraid to say she wants this man or
that man, and instead sends signals and hints because she so don’t want to be
seen as a…bad…girl. No, she got to ﬁt in with the rest so she seems “normal.”

What do you expect when mummy, daddy, friends, news, radio, music, romance
novels, fairytale stories, Cosmo magazine telling you to be a challenge, to not be
too easy because..
“oooh that’s what sluts, whores girls do, who are loose and too easy…”
Next you will be telling me you don’t have sexual fantasies and you’re an alien
from mars who never fantasies about sex.
I mean, you don’t ever see a hot gorgeous man and you feel this tingle feeling,
and the warmth starts spreading from your chest and hits your face, and you
imagine all the naughty things you wish he can do to you.
That warmth wraps around your body, sending an amazing rush of ﬁre to face,
making your cheeks go red and you can’t hide it. You just don’t know what to do,
say, as the ﬁre spreads down…down..through your belly for your legs to shudder
to feel the wetness he doesn’t know is happening.
He won’t notice all this is going on as the hot, gorgeous handsome guy walks
away into tube train or bus, or walks away into the crowded street to never be
seen again. The anxiety ﬂows through, the sorrow and helplessness as you wish,
just wish you let go of whatever it is and break through that wall
That invisble wall in your mind which has always been there and has always
prevented you to ﬁnd the courage to smile and ﬂirt.
Instead it is the same old story where you think…
“I wish I did something. I regret it now.”
That’s what social conditioning does. It makes you helpless.
It gets you to fall right back into the comfort zone.
Always saying, “when I am ready. When I am ready. When I am ready.”
But no one is ever ready.
You don’t miss opportunities.
You just never prepared for when they come because you are always living in your
head. That place ﬁlled with guilt and shame that came from years of social
conditioning.
No, that doesn’t ever happen to women, right?
Meh. 50 shades of grey was never sold. No. it was an illusions that women went
and bought this book, made it number 1 best seller. No, that didn’t happen at all.
Romance novels being sold more than porn is also an illusion.
All those movies with romance just didn’t sell millions of tickets.
I mean all these women on Quora who writes questions like..
“I’m married but I met this guy, he’s amazing…” is just an illusion. It’s not
happening at all. It’s just a ﬁgment of our imagination.
Of course, men want to have sex with you.
Some of us men are not going to apologise for being sexual human beings. You
can. Most of women do it all the time being ashamed about their sexualitiy.
Go ahead, knock yourself out but most of us men won’t.
Must be emotionally and mentally exhuasting.
Living as two people inside one body? It’s exhuasting.

As men, most of us embrace it.
We embraced it when when we were little boys, playing with our dicks,
masturbating, comfortable with our bodies while girls were feeling ashamed
about their bodies. They were giggling as they got naked with the rest of their
girlfriends to play and kept it all secret. Sssssh.
Most young girls experiment at a young age and some before they even get to 17
years old, have sex toys or using all kinds within their homes for masturbations.
They experiement also with other girls too and sometimes boys.
As young boys we talked about sex, girls, and all the other things that one day.
That is why it is natural for us to do so with women.
You as a woman, won’t be able to do so with the man your with.
1. You won’t know there are at least 74 techniques for goiving a man a blow
job.
2. You won’t know how to create tension with the 52 techniques of foreplay
without touching him.
3. You won’t know how to fuck his mind so that even with a slight touch,
you can make a man get so turned on, you can make his cum fast without
even sex, without a blow job. You don’t know the erogenous zones within
his body, face, etc that will do that.
4. You won’t know about phrases, words, that make to suddenly be
romantic, or to be sexual, or to be intimate. Man has been conditioned to
not show emotions but if you know how to phrase it in such a way and
the process exactly, he will open up like you have never imagined.
That these make a man orgasm to such height he will probably be obessed with
you.
You won’t know a man loves to be kissed in certain places, the erogenous zones
that blows his mind and turns him into a wild beast to do whatever you want
INSTEAD of nagging.
No, most of us men don’t take chances in these and blame other men, or someone
stealing their girlfriend/wife because of other men, but we take take pride in our
sexuality.
We own this shit.
We are prepared with the knowledge but most women, majority are not.
I mean, we could just approach women and say..
“Hey I am not attracted to you at all. I think you’re ugly. No, I don’t want to have
sex with you. I don’t think your body is sexy at all. Not interested. I just can’t
stand any memory in my mind of seeing me touching you, kissing you and
having sex. OMG! No way. Imagine, me having sex with you. DISGUSTING! It be
so awful, terrible, disgusting, shameful, THAT I MUST BE POSSESSED BY THE
DEVIL to even think of me having sex with you. No, I don’t want to rip your
clothes oﬀ, and pull your pants down and ravish your body, and for us to let go
and just ﬂow with it. No, we shouldn’t do that. I just want…to…know…your
personality..”
The reason why you ask this question is.
1. You have this idea that sex is bad
2. Sex without relationship is evil
3. Sex without relationship and showing your body is shameful.

When a woman says that, this tells me she believes she isn’t responsible for her
own sexuality. That she has fallen for this idea on how sex is bad, how the devil,
the spirits are all attacking her pussy. Yes this is where your understanding comes
from.
It is at an unconscious level.
You can’t make this up!
Read. Learn. Educate yourself on who you really are and why the world is what it
is today. Be ready because all you believed in will crumble at your feet.
If you dare to see, go and see, but be ready because the truth is ugly.
That part where you’re ashamed about sex, ashamed about being naked,
ashamed of a guy having sex with you comes from superstitions. It’s why they
burnt women on stakes, when they were witch hunting.
They had to control the woman.
They had to ensure to make her feel ashamed about her body, about seeking
knowledge, about her being powerful, about her sticking to the system and
saying..
“I will sleep with whoever, without wedlock and relationship, and your damn
certiﬁcates, and your approval and nothing you can do about it..”
They didn’t like that. No, they went for them and for the men too who sided with
them.
If you lived in that era you would be called a Witch Hunter.
“Ooh look, he’s a witch because he is possesed by evil demons who desire sex
from me. BURN HIM! HE IS POSSESSED!”
Centuries of brain washing to make women believe sex is something you give,
something you prize, something of a trophy, something to be ashamed about.
No, it is something to experience and nothing to be ashamed about.
So yes, as a Man, who sees an attracive women, damn right I want to have sex
with her.
If she has a problem with it, be responsible.
Don’t judge. Own your sexuality and say..
“I don’t want to. No.”
Then good. We know where we stand and whatever decision a man makes, that is
his own right and choice, and no woman has the right to call him anything.
The way no man has the right to call a woman slut, whore, too easy, or frown out
her if she desires a relationship.
Both own their decision without judgement and walk because your way is not the
ONLY way. There are many ways and everyone has right to choose them without
being judged.
He talks like that because he knows the ﬁrst thing in your mind is..
“Does he just want to use me for sex?”
In his mind you want a relationship ﬁrst because that is what most women do.
Trying to frame everything into a relationship to cover their guilt and shame
about sex.

They got to have that label.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

My Dad says it's wrong that I'm dating a girl a year younger
than me, and he makes fun of her and I. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh that. I had this happen before when I was a teenager. I was was 17 and I was
dating 16 year old.
Dad- blah blah she’s one year younger blah blah
Me - Hey mum, how old was you when you married dad?
Mum - I was 8 years younger than your dad
Dad never said anything after that.

Take it away from him. He wants to be smartass, no problem. You’re young, beat
the shit out of him with smartness.
Yes, he’s your dad and you probably get some drama but he will never say that
bullshit to you again. Turn it round on him and make him see HE is socially inept
and needs to grow the hell up himself.
Use the social norm back on him…
Talk calmly, never raise your voice at your dad even if he does. Show nerves of
steel. No grinning like you won a debate but calmly, like it’s nothing kind of thing
hahaha…
Your dad - Hahaha she’s one year younger hahaha
You - I didn’t know you was into young 15 year old girls Dad
Your Dad - WHAT? I’m not. What you on about. I’m not into 15 year old?
You - You keep going on about her age, like you are into 15 year old girls.
Use whatever he is saying right back at him. Just know there be drama but hey, it
will stop if you stop being the nice guy and show your dad you got balls.
He could have focused more on teaching you about sex, protecting, helping you
with knowledge but all he does is embrace social norms instead of educating his
son and bond with him.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it acceptable to block someone who has a diﬀerent opinion
on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Acceptable?
You mean, that it is acceptable/approved by society?
So we now don’t block or do block as a way to be accepted, approved, validated by
society?
I am the exception to the rule ;)
843 Views · View Upvoters

You’re in a room and in the middle is your enemy/bully
strapped in a chair. You can do whatever you want to him/her.
What would it be?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me- So from what I remember you hate shakespeare
Enemy - Erm, yeah, so?
Me - And it bores you like crazy
Enemy - Yeah, what you getting at
Me - Be right back. 2 minutes
2 minuites later, dressed in shakespear style clothes
Me - Right then. I am going to recite every work shakespeare did.
Enemy - NO! I will do anything!
Me - We’ll start with poems ﬁrst…
Let the bleeding bird of loudest bunch of sorry ass lay,
But do it on pay day, yeah hahaha that rhymes. Pay day!
On the sole erm…oh yeah! Arabian tree,…hmm…was it sea or tree?
Yes tree! On the sole of Arabian tree!
Enemy - WTF? You’re adding your own words
Me - Yeah, of course. I’m improvising!
Enemy - Please. I’ll give you all you want. My bank account, my….
Me - Nah sorry. Ok where was I..Oh yeah…
Enemy - SOMEBODY HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP!!!
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to date someone you can't have a ﬂuent
conversation with?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the things about compatibility which isn’t talked about much is this..
“Growing together and building memories together.”
When I met one of my lovers she came from Paris. She’s french and most french
who I know don’t see sex and many things as taboo. So we got along fast. She
loved the conﬁdence and I was sexualisation hardcore, escalation to the max to
diﬀerentiate myself from the guys around her who were just looking and boring
small talk.
I met her in a night club and she didn’t speak ﬂuent English. When its face to
face, I don’t really need words, but body language, action, conﬁdence.
We just danced.
Lots of physical touch and eye contact.
Later through days, weeks, months it was me talking alot and explaining when
she asked what I mean by this word and that word.
It was ﬁne.
17 years later we have grown together and she’s one of my lovers. There are other
lovers and some weren’t also ﬂuent English, but we grew together.
So compatibility isn’t about ﬂuent language, education, and all the stuﬀ most
look for. It’s an attitude. A process in which they believe in and willing to work
together, growing together, creating memories together and working towards
each other’s happiness.

If you got that, then awesome.
I won’t see the lack of ﬂuent language as a problem.
Have the attitude that this is an opportunity to grow together and help one
another. It becomes part of the story with each other.
If people just had this attitude instead of making language, culture, age, time and
even the distance an issue - they’d see all these challenges brings them closer
together. It becomes very powerful if people just stop letting their emotions of
fear and social norms get in the way.
The moment they meet…all of it brings meaning beyond what they could ever
imagined.
I ﬁnd the reason why I am still in relationship with my lovers for 12 years and
some 17 years is because of the meaning that came with this attitude we had
when we began. An attitude that is honest, open, no games whatsover, in how
whatever the challenge we may have, our attitude on how we are mature and
willing to work together for each other’s happiness will stand against time.
And it has.
Out of all my friends and relatives, I am now the only one who is in relationships
with women as a lover, for the longest and we are growing stronger everyday.
Mostly everyone around me are breaking up, divourced, unhappy and some just
gave up when it comes to dating.
That’s because I left all of which most follow, especially the social norms and
rules pushed by the mainstream that’s been adopted by majority in society today.
I ﬁnd what makes relationship works is when lovers have this attitude towards a
process in which they believe in. Together they work through it because even
when it’s a language or even distance, it’s just a matter of time the person will
learn it anyway. It’s just a matter of time they’ll meet.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys prefer women with make-up on or a complete natural
face?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t speak for every guy but for me…
When I’m attracted to a woman it doesn’t matter if she has make up on or oﬀ. I
don’t even see her in that way. I see something else.
1. Memories how she had backbone to smile or connect with me
2. How she became my equal and challenged my ﬂirting, sexualisation,
hardcore sexualisation like it doesn’t phase her and engaged. I
remember and I see her conﬁdence. Boldness and memories when it
happened. I see my equal.
3. I see the woman who didn’t judge me as a player. She was smart. She
knew what the fuck I was doing while others, meh, failed miserably, and
tails between their legs with their social mask on and disappeared. She
didn’t and so I see smartness.
4. The journey on what got us come together
5. Her personality
6. Her soul
7. Her smile

8. Her clumsiness
9. Sometimes the stuﬀ that annoys the shit out of me lol
10. Just her. Naked before me.
I don’t care if she has make up on or oﬀ.
I see her.
She doesn’t have to worry about whether she has to put some on when she wakes
up, after shower and all that. She can relax, she can chill, she can just be herself.
Even when walking outside.
I don’t care.
The infatuation is gone. We are now lovers. I am seeing into her spirit and the
memories that lead us to the moment we are together.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why can’t some people ﬁnd a friend?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends. You see if you’re like working in a job, married or got lovers, and on
top you got children it’s really diﬃcult to make friends. It’s really busy.
I am not married and I don’t have children. My son grown up as a man, so I have
that time but some folks, they get up in morning, then go to work, then
sometimes they ﬁnish like 6pm and some 7pm if craziness happens at work.
Then you either waiting for bus, train or driving through busy traﬃc.
By the time you get home it’s like 7pm and you hope to god, your love was loving
enough to have cooked something because he is superman or she is superwoman.
My loves for example work, and I too but I am so pumped with energy and have
always been so. Huge sexual drive too. So when I have ﬁnished I am buzzing still.
I can go on till late in morning working.
So I cook and food be ready and faces on my lovers are like..
“Holy shit, wow!”
Now I don’t go around each house cooking. It depends who I am with at that day
or time.
So life busy for a lot of people and well, there is also the internet, social media,
texting, and this I feel has brought good but I’m sorry but it has brought some
distraction. For some, a lot of distractions.
I feel though the sentence “ﬁnding friends,” doesn’t happen that way.
The friends I have happened because I wanted to do something in world. So it
wasn’t like I want a friend or ﬁnd a friend. It was more than I just did something
in my life where I met lots of people, and ﬁnd they need help and helped, and we
became great friends.
Like for example, a week ago two month ago, a couple called me 3 am and they
couldn’t get hold of anyone they knew. Even…their relatives. No one was
answering.
It happens. It wasn’t on purpose. Just happens.
I only saw the couple once at a party for a gallery where we talked for a coupe of
hours. So I picked up phone.

They got stuck and the service wasn’t going to help them over some dumb bloody
clause. So called some friends, got car, and we drive for 5 hours to get them and
brought them home.
That’s how I make friends.
You don’t ﬁnd them. You become valuable, you be there for people and
sometimes, just sometimes, they want to be part of your life.
I suppose I have a lot of friends because this my nature. I love giving out there. I
am sucker sometimes in helping people. Kind of surprises a lot of folks haha,
cause they see me as some player and all that.
But for most people, well, they got busy lives, it can be diﬃcult and it can be
extremely diﬃcult if you are not conﬁdent, sociable, and approachable.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My friend likes a girl but is getting obsessive. What do I do?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Updated Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you forgotten what it is like when your parents tell you they know more
than you? Tell you who to choose as friends and who to hang with?
They always giving logic. Parents giving rational advice.
That’s your parents.
You are not his parent. You’re his friend so behave as a friend who understand
this is emotions and so with emotoins, people behave irrationally. They’ll see you
as the enemy not the friend kind of thing. Like we were with parents until we
grew, learn, maybe some had their own children and realised,
“Dayum, this is what it’s about!”
And so a word is like knife cutting through you as a parent when you hear you
child speak back at you.
Your friend feels that way when you say whatever you are saying to him. It can
create a wall between you and him. Triggering his memory and also resentment
because he’s irrational at moment.
He doesn’t see nothing but the girl.
He’s not going to like you telling him what you keep telling him.
Everyone is up someone’s ass telling them they know better. No one gives a damn
who knows better. This isn’t logic. This is emotions and you are approaching like
a bloody man. Got to solve the problem.
Some problems you don’t solve. Have wisdom. You leave it alone and let the
person work it out themselves and just be there when they need to talk.
The last thing a friend needs is some pal of his telling him he’s not good enough
to attract a girl like her which by the way you’re doing from where he stands. That
girl doesn’t see him in that way or she’s playing him.
That he’s not good enough.
That’s how he’s going to see it. His defence mechanism will kick oﬀ and he will
get pissed everytime you say those words.
Instead of saying, “Dude, whatever happens man, I’m here.”
Of course he’s going to be pissed with you if you say she’s playing him, she’s doing
this because it all intreprets that you’re saying he isn’t good enough. That no girl

really desires him.
Logic is you and he is emotion at moment.
Big massive clash.
No friend what’s to hear that shit.
Don’t interfere.
Friends suppose to just be there when the shit hits the fan and not to say “I told
you so,” but to be there, keep their mouths shut, and just be there as one grieves.
To just be there to say everything is going to be alright.
That’s a friend.
A friend who might, assume, that his friend gets hurt but he knows his friend got
to learn himself and only thing to do is be there when or IF it goes all crazy.
Stop being a parent and be a friend!
In other words, stop with your ego parent state and just be a friend.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I've never had a boyfriend or had anyone have a crush on me
and it's been making me feel like I'm not as good as other girls,
how do I deal with this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You remind of a friend I knew when I was at school.
Reason why I didn’t date is her is her dad was a very friend of my dad, and I knew
her brothers. So I saw her as a sister but…
She thought no guy was into her and weird thing is, she couldn’t see it. I could
though. I’m a guy so I know when a guy is into girl.
So we’d be walking through school, or street, or wherever, and I’d see guys looking
at her but she’s, well, like most girls, she is all in her head about her insecurities,
she couldn’t even see.
One day, she tells me same thing you are saying and so I said..
“Ok watch then. I am going to say, look here and there but don’t turn, just look
with the corner of your eyes…”
So we’d walk and I’d say, “on your left…on your right…straight ahead, the guy in
red cap..”
And she’s seeing it all now and when we got home she was like..
“WTF?! Why didn’t they at least approach?”
“Same reason you don’t.”
This time she was alert and she began to see the guys who were interested in her.
Two weeks later she’s with some guy.
Now here’s the thing with you…
You’re wanting to date some guy for the wrong reasons. You want to because of
your peers. That everyone else got some guy and you haven’t.
That’s not the way to go about it.
You will only ﬁnd yourself getting some guy who doesn’t give a damn about you.
The only reason you are with him because it makes you look cool. You’ll fear

losing him even if he treats you like crap because you don’t want people to see
you in a certain way. It doesn’t end well.
You’ll get hurt real bad when you do things to ﬁt in and look cool.
Relax. School is going to ﬁnish real fast. The world don’t end in school. The real
world is out there but if you want to date, then do it for the right reason.
That you are into the guy and not because you’re into following the crowd.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

I am a girl. I love my best guy friend and I told him. He is
attracted to me physically but he said he doesn't want a
relationship. We still kiss and hug. He touches me like I am his
girlfriend. I can't say "No" nor can I live with the fact that he
wants me only physically. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not using you. He’s not playing with you. He’s not doing anything wrong.
Like most here who like to not own their sexuality.
Don’t bullshit her that he’s using her. He said to her he’s physically attracted but
doesn’t want a relationship.
It is clear as day what he said to her and what he wants.
And she has accepted.
That’s the problem with many today.
You want equality but we got women here who cannot take responsibility for
their own sexuality. How the hell is he using her?
You’re young. You want a relationship. Is it going to lead to a white picket fence, a
house, 6 children and a mortgage, right?
Wrong.
Stop with all this relationship label. If you want love then go and ﬁnd some guy
who will do that but this guy was honest with you from day one.
So you decide to move on or not.
But one thing for sure.
He’s not using you.
He said what he wants and you accepted.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend calls other guys hot and it makes me jealous. How
do I deal with my jealousy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have fun with it..
Girl - He’s so hot
Me - You got good taste. I mean you’re dating me baby ;)
Girl - Haha. Yes I do have great taste :)

Girl - (staring at some guy)
Me - Yes and his girlfriend is the bomb too
Girl - OMG I wasnt..
Me - (roll eyes) now don’t spoil it. I got turned when you did that :)
Girl - You did!
Me - Yeah cause it gives me excuse to check his girlfriends ass or this girl right
now walking up. Holy shit, did you see her legs!
She never did it again and that wasn’t really my intention.
I was just having fun.

In other words don’t let it phase you out. You can have so much fun with this that
woman can be so turned on with your conﬁdence. That when you get home she’s
ripping your clothes oﬀ already.
Relax, have fun with it.
Show your conﬁdence. Have humour. Make it a day where it makes you both
laugh. In fact make it a day..
You and her go out and play some game..
I call it who will you fuck, marry or kill.
And we go around saying who and we’re laughing our heads oﬀ and turning each
other on. No one even knows. So lead man. Lead, have fun with this.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do looks matter when it comes to marketing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, looks doesn’t matter when it comes to marketing.
Know the diﬀerence between Marketing and Sales. Marketing and sales overlap
and close together. They depend on each other, but they are distinctly
diﬀerent.
You make what isn’t attractive…attractive with marketing.
Selling is the ﬁnal phase in which you then convert the targeted prospects into
clients. People who are drawn to you due to the marketing, strategy, the meaning,
message and the tactics of advertising to attract the audience.
Example…
Mr Bean. I’m sure most here have seen him around.

He kicked ass globally because the marketing, not selling, marketing worked it’s
magic to appeal to the audience hearts. Marketing is about ﬁnding what is going
to sell out there and then develop a strategy with a product to appeal to the
unconscious mind of the audience.
You see the story of the under dog.
He isn’t attractive as society is conditioned to perceive what attractive is.

However, the appeal is in the personality and heart warming message, the story,
of the character of how Mer Bean faces many situation. Situations that would
make most of us cringe.
He makes us laugh at so many things we take so seriously.
He is conﬁdent and yet he is clumsy at the same time.
It makes you feel good, makes you laugh, smile and you feel you are part of the
story as he reveals values that people do care about.
People can relate to him easily:
He also has this rare quality. He never give up
He has this conﬁdence where he isn’t ashamed when things go wrong
He solves problems brings in a bizarre fashion at times
He projects familiarity by revealing situations people can be in but he
does it in a way without making fun of the audience instead he makes
fun of then situation and even himself.
He always ﬁnds his way in the end
Finally the actor himself is very talented but he didn’t rely on talent on
alone. He relied on a team as well who got the marketing message out in
such a way that it was received and still is received warmly from the
audience.
Marketing is about perception.
It is when people are walking about and they carry this idea, this meaning, the
feeling, thoughts in their mind about the brand.
That’s when branding really happens.
When people talk about the experience with the product or service. The more
reach , the bigger the reputation, the bigger the brand.
You can have a person who is average looking with very smart marketing to
appeal and win over the mind of the audience.
If the person is good looking and marketing is shabby, the person is not going to
win over someone who is average looking but the marketing is emotioally
connects.
That’s how it was for Mr Bean.
Remember this guy. You think he’s good looking in mainstream media kind of
image and how society is conditioned regarding looks?
How many records he sold sold? Millions! He’s rich.

What about these two actors:

You don’t just loook at the appearance but many factors and that’s problem with
people when it comes to other areas in life - like dating.
They so hooked up just about their looks and yet everything else is not
developed. They don’t think about everything else.
If they put more time in making all they got shine, they’d be more than average. If
they got out there, built their social network, made connections, engaged with
others they’d have more resources, more reach and that means them attractive.

The buzz around them when people see them with friends, having fun, comﬁdent
with women and men. It’s very appealing.
When they date they walk about visiting this place and that place and the people
know this this. That increases one’s social status. It’s social proof.
They’d be attractive because they built everything else too.
But if a person is average looking and all he got is focusing on his looks, well,
come one now. That’s now atttractive.
So marketing is this…
1. Identify a need in the global marketing
2. Identify niche within this niche
3. Identify desires, fears, hopes, in this nice
4. Identity obstacles and solutions for this obstacles
5. Identify competitors
6. Communicate to create a perception of image and feeling in minds of
audience
7. Communicae diﬀerent appealing factors of company
8. Increase high level of customer service for better experience
9. Request customer feed back]
10. Anticipate and meet the needs of ever changing economy/culture
changes
This is Sales
Proactive seeking of prospects
Interacting to qualify prospects
Eﬀective acknowledgment of the prospect’s concerns
Closing the sale—getting hired
Following up and staying in contact when not hired
You think marketing is walking up to a business to sell something, handing out
ﬂyers, door to door selling or canvasing, convincing someone about something
product.
That’s Sales. It’s selling.
Don’t sell yourself short..
You can be average looking and yet have charisma, personality, some talent in
one thing and then connect it to have a story, which appeals to the survival
instinct/human nature of human beings.
Knowing how to use the world around you to create reach and reputation which
by the way, inﬂuences people to think you got something hot going down.
They perceieve you diferently.
In business, you can succeed even if you haven’t the hot looks.
For example, if you went to a shop to sell something and you got looks, it doesn’t
mean anything.
But what if you knew what the shop keepers desire AND what if you had some
busineses this shop keeper knows/trusts who have already bought from you?

And you walked up to the shop keeper and said..
“Hey George, a business associate of yours said I got to talk with you. Your friend
bought this and also your other friend too and also this friend. They said you’re
have similar problem you so want to solve. Here is the info. I’ll give you call in a few
days or week. Have a talk with your friends and they’ll tell you all about their own
experiences..”
Now who does he trust?
His friends.
You let the marketing do the talking for you and then when you are ready to
convert this prospect into a client, it be a lot easier.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with a guy who is playing hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t attract what you want. You attract who you are.
In your own words..
“He is being hard to get and so am I.”
You attracted someone who plays hard to get because this is what you do too. If
someone is insecure, desires validation, sees themselves as a trophy to get, a
prize, then you will attract the guy who thinks the same.
So ﬁrst forget the guy for a moment and sort yourself out.
You do that by the following. This is how I do it.
1. I show intent in beginning. I approach and I show my interest.
2. They either say yes or no. If yes, great, we move forward. If no, I move on.
If they play hard to get then I leave them to think whatever. I move on
and approach someone else. I don’t give them the time of day.
Nothing stopping you moving on. Nothing stopping you saying to the guy, to
either step up or you’re moving on.
But because you are playing hard to get and he does too, well, this is what you get.
A lot of drama.
Cut the drama out. Stop playing hard to get and show intent clearly. If the person
doesn’t step up, dump their ass where you left them and move on.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

I locked eyes with a guy on the subway, and the attraction was
mutual. But we didn't speak, and then I exited. How could I
have handled it better?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“You don’t overcome another person’s uncertainty by being uncertain
about yourself. You overcome it by being totally certain that being with you
is the best possible choice that they can make.”
I don’t know about mutual attraction. If it was mutual you would have had the
conﬁdence to approach.
You didn’t because you feared rejection.

You weren’t certain of you not the guy. You was uncertain that being with you is
the best possible choice that this guy can make.
Sounds arrogant but no, this is conﬁdence.
This is how I approach women and when you don’t approach, when you
rationalise your fears - it reveals to me that you are uncertain that being with you
is the best possible choice that a man can make.
Now this doesn’t mean it will happen but whenever you don’t, it hits your self
esteem. It creates more doubt about yourself. It hits your conﬁdenc and chips
away at your own self image.
You miss out on the personal growth.
You’re reasoning is similar to many women and men.
Next time you see a guy and you fear rejection, think this..
“I never get rejected. I just discover if the guy got good taste in women.”
Now you have altered your state of mind to something you can now work on. You
have shifted the thought about rejection and more about how you are
investigating if this person qualiﬁes to get more time with you.
That this step you’re taking is going to show if he has good taste in women.
You’re mind plays tricks on you. How about you play tricks on it and not let it run
on autopilot with telling you all kinds of things that can’t happen and shouldn’t
happen because…because…because…
You know what to do. You knew what to do then. It’s not going to be any
diﬀerent. There isn’t some secret.
Sure, there are techniques but forget all this if you are uncertain that about being
with you is the best possible choice that a man can make.
Do the opposite of what you did.
And why would it be weird if he came over?
Next time, stop that talk in your head and smile, and say hello. You can get
another train. It’s a subway for pete sake.
Be approachable. Majority of guys won’t just approach only if you show you’re
approachable. Step back, say something, do whatever or live in regret.
Why carry the burden of regret?
Practice at home..
Bend your legs a little, feel your feet in your shoes ﬁrm in ground, breathe in, and
stand tall, straight back. Feel the ﬁrmness of you rooted to the ground.
This is you living in the moment.
Practice this often in your head so when you see someone again, it be automatic,
and when you’re face to face with thisn person, 30% will be on feet feeling solid,
and rest on the person. You’ll feel more conﬁdent.
But you also need to sort out stuﬀ in your head.
You have a lot of rationalisation going on about why you shouldn’t, how it is
weird if this happened, and how you was near your stop.
It’s fear talking.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Adam Taha: How do I silence my doubt when approaching a
girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason you have doubts and they are loud is due to your own state of mind
and it needs to be an altered state.
We will look at 3 factors:
1. Your state of mind
2. How to alter this state
3. Changing how you see approaching women
Your state of mind..
You wrote you have no qualms with ﬁghting and all that because the meaning
attached to this is diﬀerent.
You are not looking for approval at all.
But when it’s a girl the meaning now is diﬀerent at an unconscious level. The
state has been altered to:
1. Seek approval
2. To be accepted
3. To get a yes
4. To be liked
Hence the meaning attached to this is the fear of rejection.
For example, a man who is a commando, fought in wars, faces bullets, explosions,
bullets kicking oﬀ and the possibility he will be killed and he goes and does it.
But when it is a woman in the city, women walking about, he is terriﬁed to walk
up to a woman. Even if she’s in a night club or cafe.
Because the meaning is diﬀerent.
In war he is not looking to be liked by the enemy. He’s not seeking approval from
the enemy. He’s not looking to be accepted by the enemy.
He doesn’t give a damn about being validated from the enemy.
But when he sees a woman he’s attracted to the noise starts because his state of
mind has been altered due to the…meaning…attached to the action towards the
woman:
1. Seeking approval
2. To be accepted
3. To get a yes
4. To be liked
How to alter your state
What you do to reduce the noise in your head is by altering the meaning behind
approaching women.
What is the meaning?
The ﬁrst thought is change how you see girls..
“I always come from compassion. She is a girl, someone’s daughter, someone’s best
friend, someone’s sister. Somewhere, she’s deeply loved. “

Now you see a girl diﬀerently.
You are not seeing her as a trophy to get. The view of her to be some girl you want
to get to get laid stops. You see her as a human being. You have imagined her in
your mind as it is the truth. Because she is someone’s girl, someone’s daughter,
someone’s best friend, someone’s siste, and somewhere she is deeply loved.
So any bitterness at girls for rejection is gone.
It is replaced with compassion and calmness.
Yes, I am seen as a player but I am compassionate in that I respect a woman’s
wishes. I don’t care if they say no, disappear, because we all have the gift of
choice.
Second thought to put in your mind is..
“I am not being rejected but loved.”
Why did I say that?
Because why would you want to be with someone who doesn’t want to be with
you? She’s not interested and so, at least she was honest even if she bullshits
about how she hasn’t got time, blah blah.
If it she doesn’t clearly say YES then see it as a no.
She has saved you a lot of time, hassle and frustrations due to her own behaviour.
So you see it as love. That life has giving you a tool in which you see as rejection
but really it is one of the most powerful ﬁltering system to not invest more.
Rather you always invest less and you do it by showing intent so she has to now
give a reply. Yes, no, maybe, whatever. If it’s not a clear YES. Move on. Do not
assume anything and ask “what does it mean?”
Be compassionate because she might feel awkward.
She might be afraid to say no due to past experience.
Whatever it is, take it as a “NO” if she doesn’t give 100% solid YES. See her as
someone’s sister, daughter, someone’s best friend, and somewhere she is deeply
loved.
It’s a very diﬀerent way of looking at it.
It’s like you let go of a huge mountain oﬀ your shoulders. It’s compassionate. It’s
respect and yes, even when I love having sex with women, dating many, I have
this in my mind always.
Everything now has changed in that moment.
Third thought to have…
“Nothing in life is certain. There is no guarantee for a yes or no. I give every woman
the personal permission, from the depth of my soul to be herself. If she says yes, great
and if she says no, or doesn’t give me clear answer which I will take it as a no, great.
Nothing is certain except self worth is certain. I will move on.”
This thought needs to be understood.
Just because you found your balls, your courage and boldness to approach a
woman, doesn’t mean you’re entitled for her to say yes.
It doesn’t mean she suppose to be nice to you, smile at you, say yes to you. You
cannot control her but you can behave as a man who knows his self worth. That
she hasn’t got what you need and she doesn’t owe you anything.

Most guys approach girls and they expect her to say yes. It’s ﬁne to assume she
will but when she doesn’t or when she is ambigous, have the courage to also walk
away, and move on.
Final thought to put in your mind..
“I don’t see a rejection. Instead I am going to ﬁnd out if she has good taste in
men.”
You know yourself worth. You know believe in yourself. You believe any woman
who says yes, has good taste in me. Any who says no, hasn’t good taste.
That sounds arrogant doesn’t it? It doesn’t matter. It’s you educating your mind
to see it in a diﬀerent way. You’re not actually going to say that to women but you
are going to educate your mind to think diﬀerently.
You will see approaching women diﬀerently:
1. You are approaching not to ask her out but to engage a girl and strike a
conversation.
2. You are approach not to get her phone number but to turn her on
3. You are bringing value to the table, therefore you’re playful, fun
4. You are approaching to ﬁnd out if she is someone you’d want to date
5. You’re going to see if she is right for you rather than seeking her approval
6. And if after you have been playful, fun and you ﬁnd her behaviour is not
to your liking, then you don’t ask her out. She failed to behave in a
manner for you to even consider asking her out. Have compassion. It’s
ﬁne.
7. When you do ask her out, you’re not asking for permission, you’re not
asking to be liked. You asking that if she has what you need and if she
says no, then this means ….she hasn’t got what you desire.
That she cannot deliver what you desire.
Because she doesn’t know you to even make an opinion of you.
She can only say “No,” translated for you, “I haven’t got what you need
but someone else might.”
Therefore you move on.
Now you have altered your state.
The meaning has been changed.
So remove rejection and replace it with “engaging women.”
For now, for the ﬁrst 6 months to a year - learn to just approach to have fun. Don’t
ask a woman out. Learn ﬁrst.
You’ll ﬁnd women will enjoy your approach, conversation and you’ll ﬁnd
humour, wit because your more conﬁdent.
That’s when it gets very interesting because women from my experience start
touching you when conversing and desiring badly for your validation.
Change your state by changing the meaning attached to approaching women.
Then practice for 6 month to a year just to engage, have fun and for your brain
gathers data to build path ways to develop your social instinct.

This is time for training your mind not to ask out women.
Women can wait. Your mind and emotional strength can’t.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl on a semi-date and she replied 'I'll come with you
if you like'. Is this a good or a bad thing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Resturants and movie are the worst when you want to go out on a date with a girl.
You misunderstand what a date is for. It is to make a girl feel alive with a romantic
adventure, excitement, fun and with conversation and physical soft escalation.
Instead, you’re going to be sitting on your ass and there will be no emotional
connection, no stimulation.
All she gets is what?
The movie and sitting on her ass.
This isn’t a date mate.
This is you playing it safe and with lack of knowledge and understanding on what
to do. This is a girl who is going out with you to watch movie, nothing else.
Don’t be surprise when it goes nowhere later on and says she just wants to be
friends later on in week or so.
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to answer when a girl asks you if you have a
girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Many of these including the “tryout position” have been ﬂoating around for
years. I use some of them. Do yourself a favour and don’t reply yes or no. Instead
bring value to the table and have fun with it.
If you’re in an exclusive relationship or married, you can of course immediately
reply, “Yes.”
This is for guys who are not in relationship or non-mongamous like myself and
we date several women. So I won’t reply yes or no, but will have fun if I am
attracted to the woman and escalate the hell out it.

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - If you're interested I can get you an application. You think you can pass the
background check?

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend?
Me - Tell me something, you like ice cream?
Girl - Erm, yeah
Me - What ﬂavour?
Girl - Chocolate

Me - On what part of your body :)

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Actually, I have three - you want one?

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend?
Me - Only on Tuesday, Wednesdays and Thursdays
Girl - What about friday?
Me - (Wink and Smile)

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me -I have friends that are girls :)

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - I don’t kiss and tell

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Only on Wednesdays :)

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Girlfriend? Naw. I got more like 7!

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Yes but my wife is so pissed about it

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend
Me - Yes I will date you and have sex with you. Love your conﬁdence. Now come
on, bar is closing in an hour.

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend?
Me - If I say yes, does it mean you won't have sex with me still?" (smiling and
wink)

Girl - Do you have a girlfriend?
Me - (silent, says nothing and stares at her like I’m bored)

8.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can I go the police if my ex-boyfriend won't return my house
key? I’ve tried contacting him but he won’t respond.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Come on now.
This is about you wanting closure, trying to talk to him and he doesn’t want
anything to do with you. You put in the keys part because you don’t want to
sound desperate.
So forget all the reasons about how it’s not your house, it’s parents house and
then it’s..they don’t live there but your siblings and you do.
How do you know he hasn’t cut a spare already and when he gives it to you, he
has a spare one with him?
Just change the locks and get the keys cut for all of them. Take responsibility and
stop trying to please everyone else or making it some excuse.
Just change the locks, cut the new keys and that’s it, done.
It’s not rocket science.
5k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend uses "I" instead of "we". As in, " I am going to the
store" or "I'll be back" even when we are both going. What does
that say about him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What does it say about him?
Nothing.
It does say something about you.
That you’re trying to assess the relationship on something insigniﬁcant and small
as this. That you’re passive aggressive.
That you don’t know how to communicate your feelings with him if it bothers you
so much to even try to label him as something.
If this bothers you forget asking strangers what that says about him and
communicate calmly with him.
That’s what you do in a relationship.
You communicate instead of being passive-aggressive.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I tried calling this girl that I was dating and she never
answered. What can be said about a girl who breaks up with me
without saying anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, she’s not a coward. This is how it is in dating, the dark side of it. Girls will fall
for a guy, date and move on very fast and continue until they ﬁnd the guy they
really feel something with.
Most of the time they don’t even say anything.

It’s called having options.
It’s something that happens a lot in dating.
Also calling her several times will have proven you’re not much of value or have
options, in which girls are pursuing you. You didn’t need to call several times.
Once will do and leave a message, and that’s really it.
So in a sense you kind of proved to her your needy and clingy, even if she ever
does want to see you again.
But also you need to have options yourself instead of falling for the social norms
on how to date and the Disney eﬀect of “she’s the one.”
She’s looking for something more in a guy of higher value and also some level of
conﬁdence, sexual experience and fun.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you tell a girl they're beautiful without being creepy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Hey here, I’ve only got a minute but I wanted to ask you something.
Girl - Yes?
Me - I just wanted to say you’re beautiful
Girl - Oh haha. Thanks
Me (counting)
5 seconds (look up at her) 15 seconds, 25 seconds, 35 seconds WOW, 45 seconds,
interesting, 55 seconds..
(keep looking up at her face everytime you say the seconds.
Girl - What you doing?
Me - Looking at my watch to see how long it takes for you to act all weirdo on me,
like most insecure girls who can’t take a compliment. Not bad. One minute and
you’re still conﬁdent. Now that is impressive :)
(Walks oﬀ)
In other words mate, I make sure they understand from day one, if they try that
on me then it’s them who are the creeps and weirdo’s.
If they can’t take a compliment…their problem not yours.
Give compliment because you mean it and not because you want something
back. Then walk away like it’s the most natural thing in the world.
I do it all the time just for fun and to feel good.
Now if you like the girl, don’t compliment. They get compliments all the time.
Instead approach, be playful, fun, forget the compliments.
You already complimented her for approaching her and being fun. You gave her
attention. That’s a subcommunication, an indirect way of complimenting the
girl. You don’t need to compliment. Just make her feel alive inside.
18.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys prefer tall girls over short girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Nov 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Best you focus on what you can and forget about what you cannot control, like
your height. Or you be asking do guys like red heads, do guys like blondes, do
guys like girls with glasses and do girls like girls with small breasts or big breast?
Do guys like white girls, black girls, Spainish, Chineese, Arab, Americans, aliens ;)
We like girls who are conﬁdent in themselves and run as far as we can from girls
who are insecure about their bodies, looks and anything else.
But just for good measure, let me open your mind…

Here’s some more…

And another…

Now let’s look at short women with tall men

Not enough? Ok then. Here’s some more..

And there we go.
There are guys into tall and short women but it doesn’t really matter. You focus
on what you got and make it shine.
29.6k Views · View Upvoters

I hid my birth date from my boyfriend to see if he remembered
it and he didn’t. What should I do? His birthday is only two
weeks before mine.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you want something for your birthday or want to celebrate, then say so.
Relationship isn’t about playing mind games but communication. I’m sure he
won’t mind to do so. What you’re doing isn’t healthy for a relationship.
This is what many men complain about.
The hints, the signals, the mind games and manipulation which is what insecure
women do. They lack conﬁdence, self esteem and don’t realise that they are self
sabotaging what they so wanted.
They lack the skills for relationship management.
Instead of doing these bullshit mind games and shit tests you need to
communicate with your boyfriend calmly about your needs, wants and desires.
Where you learnt that from?
Magazines?
Websites?
From your friends?
He’s not the problem. This is your own insecurities that hungers for validation
and you went as far as to test your boyfriend.

If you base your relationship on birthdays, I feel sorry for your boyfriend. You
base love on that? Birthdays?
You need to wake up and realise shit testing someone is manipulative, it is needy,
it is desperate and it is toxic if ever you wanted a man to respect and love you. If
you want a healthy relationship then avoid the shit tests.
You really didn’t give a damn about his birthday.
You talked about his birthday as a way to get some validation. That’s why you did
the shit test too. Seeking more validation.
It’s like “I scratch your back and you scratch mine.”
I mean, what do you expect to do when he doesn’t really take notice of these
things? You’re going to create drama? You’re going to start nit picking and
creating an argument over this and say..
“OOh see, you don’t care!”
Think for a moment.
Where are you going to lead this?
When you started doing this, what were you going to do if you didn’t get the
results you want? Look way ahead and you’ll see this is not going to end well.
It’s not healthy for your relationship.
Wherever you learnt that from or from whoever, close that door shut and start
commnicating with your boyfriend on what you want. Stay away from playing
games or you will get burnt.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What was the ﬁrst thing you did after a break-up? I am most
likely to be single again, and am looking for answers that can
help me do the ‘ﬁrst right thing’.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remembered something most men and women forget..
“If I can attract one extremely attractive woman, I can do so again?”
Think about it.
You didn’t know her. You attracted her to your life. That means you just do the
same thing again. You repeat what already words ;)
When you learned a lesson in life, never let it go.
So I had a shower, got my clothes on and went out.
In two weeks…
1. 2 fuckbuddies
2. and lots of parties where I met more girls who I had fun with and
collected lots of phone numbers.
Ever since then, I never looked back.
Oh and she wanted to come back and she did, knocked on my door to ﬁnd two
women NAKED, standing next to me with my shorts on.
She got her answer…

“Like to join us?”
She walked oﬀ in a huﬀ calling me a player. Meaning I’m someone she can’t
control and put in some socially construct box.
I sometimes wonder about people. What do women expect me to do? Cry about
them? Do what most guys do and wallow in self pity? Wait around for them to
change and live in hope?
Not going to happen.
I don’t believe in rebounds. I believe in keep moving forward. So I am not going to
fal for all this rebound stuﬀ. Life is life. You just move on and start again.
That’s what I did.
Always remember why a girl dated you in ﬁrst place. You did it once, you can do it
again. That’s one of the best mindset to be in.
Women love a strong emotional stable man.
She still keeps trying and it’s been 10 years. The same woman who called me
player but I’m not changing my mind. Why the hell would I with the amazing
lifestyle I’m living.
14.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why should I, as a man, always have to chase after women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why should men "chase" women and not the other way around? And why is
playing hard to get a good way to intensify the urge to chase?

Should?
This is nothing more than social conditioning where girls have been conditioned
to believe they are helpless, a damsel in distress and that she’s a product, a
property like it was known in victorian times.
You know, raised up to believe that a woman who even approaches a man doesn’t
know her place and she must be loose, must be a “bad girl,” like she comitted a
crime because she is sexually conﬁdent and conﬁdent to approach men.
It’s a social construct and the same way marriage is invented to keep girls in
“wed..lock.” To make them feel ashamed about having sex when not married. To
feel ashamed and guilty about the most natural thing in world….sex.
It’s the same with the chase.
I’m sorry to say most men today are bunch of pussy footing wankers who also
can’t take it when a conﬁdent woman even approaches them to ask them out.
That’s the type of woman I love and not the hint, signal and women who fell for
the trap of playing hard to get which says…
“I am a trophy. I am a propety. I am an object. I am a medal. A product to win!”
When a man chases and gets the “trophy,” don’t expect him to stop collecting
trophies. Also for men, don’t expect then woman to treat you right either because
if that’s how she is from day one, she’ll be like that with sex.
Because she fell for the Disney eﬀect and women who do, think sex is some prize
to dangle like a carrot but give them a few years, they’ll be complaining all day on
why their man doesn’t want to have sex because he only plays video games and
why can’t it be like before, where he used to chase her.
When the infatuation gone then watch how the reality hits hard.

There is nothing special about a man chasing woman.
It’s all bullshit designed through social cionditioning training, with Cinderalla
stories, a damsel in distress stuck in some ivory tower, for him to battle his way
like a knight against dragons, ogres and witches, wizards to make her feel special
and for him to feel he has got his prize!
It is nothing but social norms, traditions that has been conditioned in society
using fairytales books, cartoons, story telling nonsense, romance novels, movies
and yes, even today, women authors promoting such ridiculous ideas about how
to attract and keep a man.
The same way marriage was inventioned to “wed LOCK” women, to shame
women about their sexuality, and how they shouldn’t have sex until they get
married, and the way the invention of modesty and shame, which makes judging
a woman who is sexually conﬁdent to be labels with “naughty” and “bad girl,”
like she’s a criminal - is the same way this “chasing women,” was invented and
conditioned into society.
It has made so many women insecure, lack conﬁdence and cannot even stand up
and be equal to a man who speaks sexual with her. Then tries to judge him as
some player, as some bad boy.
There is no good in playing hard to get.
There is no good in chasing.
Imagine. You chase a person and the think what attracts you to them is you
chasing them. Then they stop and now they chase you. On and on it goes to
nowhere. Much of the time it gets so frustrating, one of them gives up.
Worse, you could be chasing someone who doesn’t give a damn and just likes the
attention which happens a lot. There’s a lot of women and men who love
attention and nothing else but that.
When a woman plays hard to get then this is what she’s saying:
“I am a Trophy.”
Guess what happens when the guy gets his…trophy?
He can’t get enough and now needs to chase someone else because the chase is
done. The excitement is over. The tension is gone.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I sort my life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t sort your life out.
You sort your thinking out. We are of our thoughts and it is our thoughts that
deternines our attitude, habits and behaviour.
Sow a thought you reap an action
Sow an action you reap a habit
Sow a habit you shape your character
Hence, the result in your life
So go to the source and invest time in renewing your thoughts with knowledge
and small actions that will help you to change the way you think, see life. That
then leads you to behave in a certain manner.

Other ways to add is associate with people who help you to grow and inspire you.
Fill your own room with things that inspire you. Be careful you squander your
time on on TV, social media and anything that brings information with your sight
and hearing, for these also impact your thoughts.
All of it will result in impacting thoughts and thoughts then will determine your
behaviour in life.
Ask yourself whenever you’re doing something..
“Will this acton help me get closer to achieving my goals in my life.”
If it’s not, then don’t do it.
Life is about making the right choices and you know which one’s are because
when you know what you want out of life - you focus on thoughts and actions that
only help you get closer to the life you want to experience and live.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that a young man would go for a more approachable
girl rather than her not so approachable friend even if she was
more attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. If he’s conﬁdent and like me, I am not intimidated with
attractive women but how many you know who are that conﬁdent to just
approach a woman immediately?
Men are like women - they fear rejection.
Yes we know, “shy, blah blah shy etc.”
I was shy years ago as a teen but I developed the skills, got out of the comfort
zone. I didn’t fall for the “be yourself,” nonsense. I believed in bettering myself
and bringing out the best version of myself.
The world we live in now is fast, moving and so people choose the least
resistence. They don’t want to feel the awkwardiness. They got use to easy and
fast, and so you’re going to go against the natural grain of human emotions in
which people always seem to take the safer options.
The brain is like that but only because people do not put time and eﬀort to invest
in themselves and fall for the rationalistion of “be yourself,” cop out when really,
they follow social norms, traditions and do as they told from school, college,
university and jobs. So for any to say “be yourself,” and yet they work had to
adapt to the environment to get what they want is ironic.
The second, being attractive is very diﬀerent to being extremely attractive. If a
woman is extremely attractive, turns men and women’s heads so to speak - then
most men will approach her.
However, that’s when she is extremely attractive.
If she isn’t and she’s not showing the vibe she is approachable, it will be very
diﬃcult for her.
Men also have this…
Tinder, other dating apps and dating websites.
Most men had enough of the bullshit where women just sit around and show
hints, signals instead of putting some eﬀort in. We are also sick and tired of
women complaining men hitting on them and so, we don’t give them attention.

Until a woman shows interest we will spend our time focusing on the one who is
approachable.
If I see a woman I like, I will approach but I know many men won’t because they
lack conﬁdence, self esteem and fear rejection big time.
So being attractive, having this qualiﬁcation, being a nice person, nice
personality, blah blah really means sod all when it comes to a man approaching.
If the guy isn’t conﬁdent, well, the chances can be zero. If the guy is conﬁdent
enough, yeah he’ll probably approach. I said…probably.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

My ex has a girlfriend but he still wants to have a sexual
relationship with me. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter on why because everyone will give their perception and much of
it follows the social norm, traditions, religions, what their parents, friends,
mainstream says about men. Some follow certain relationship models like
monogamy.
In fact for you it’s something new and for others it’s something that a guy does
because all he cares about is sex but for me and many I know, it’s natural where
many women and men desire that and they are in relationships already.
They have an understanding with each other.
I ask, “do I want to?” and “if their other partner knows as wells.”
That they have an understanding with each other and most of the time, they do
because they are type of people I associate with the most. I never ask society how
I live my life. People will only give you their opinion which is all based on what’s
in their head which creates their perception and reality.
What’s your reality?
How you want to live your life?
What do you want and what are your boundaries. There is no right or wrong if you
don’t hurt people. There is only being honest with yourself on what you want and
then communicating it or ﬁnding out what exactly the person means.
I mean, he’s your ex and you can’t even communicate to ﬁnd out to ask strangers
online what he means. Kind of fucked up but you’re not the only one. Many are
like this on here. They don’t communicate with the person and expect society to
decide for them.
So forget asking why.
Ask, “do you want to?” and second, “is he in an open relationship and this
partner, lover has an understanding with each other.”
So ﬁnd out, communicate with him because everyone else will give their own
opinion, and that is all it is, an opinion from their values, their world, their
reality.
Ask yourself what you’re reality is, what do you want and what the boundaries are
for you. Communicate with the person always not society.
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do white women get jealous when they see handsome white
men dating women of color?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I haven’t found white women, black women, Arab women, English women,
American women get jealous when they see a white handsome man dating a
women of colour. Nor do tall, short, curvy or slim women, religious or nonreligious, red head, blonde, brunette, white hair or shaved do that.
There is though a certain type of women who do?
They are the insecure, the jealous, the possessive, the low self esteem and low self
image women. Women also haven’t been exposed to seeing that and have some
perception.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my ex over a month ago. I asked him to
reconsider afterwards, but he said he didn’t want to be with
me. After graduating from college and getting a new job, he’s
come back around. Why is my ex trying to contact me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Best you watch the video…it has a message for you..

Your ex doesn’t complete you.
Like this video, if you don’t move on then what’s going to happen is you’re going
to push other suitors away because you’re still in your head about you ex. You’ll
have this vibe about you which I can feel too and when I feel such vibe, or keep
hearing the woman is still wondering why the ex does this or that…I know to stay
away because she hasn’t moved on.
Anytime someone askes this question its always about them looking for some
hope of them getting together. It’s a deep unconscious thing.
You have some expectations but really, it’s time to face the unknown, the
uncertainty and not take whatever he does seriously anymore.
Even if the ex is doing it for whatever reason, if you’ve moved on you’d be
stronger in knowing he is the past and there’s a big life ahead of you.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

My life is so fuckedup.what should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Come to the cliﬀ, he said
We are afraid, they said
Come to the cliﬀ, he said

They came. He pushed them.
And they ﬂew
Let me ask you a question..
Do you think if you continue to daydream, sit there, boozing, watching porn…it will
help you to come closer to the realisation of your goal?
When you live without discipline, you die without dignity.
This is about attitude and so we need to start with understanding what success is
so you align your thoughts to the fundamentals..
Success is…
“The continous realisation of the outcome or results you desire..”
It didn’t say get qualiﬁcations and if eveyone got jobs, you compare yourself with
them and quit on your life. It means you need to have the attitude to create the
atmosphere for success because….
“Success is the continous realisation of the outcome or results you desire..”
It means you see do not see it as a problem or obstacle but a situation. You then
see this situation in diﬀerent angles to come up with solutions to apply.
Do not let the appearance of obstacle create the atmosphere for failure.
You are at this moment in time creating the atmosphere for failure.
Instead you need to make plans and start executing them, situations often
develop in which appear to be an obstacle.
When they appear do not be discouraged or intimidated. Do not compare
yourself with the noise around you and what someone else is achieving.
When obstacles appears, do not see it as an obstruction to your progress.
See it as a….challenge.
You rise to the challenge because you now know..
“Success is the continous realisation of the outcome or results you desire..”
See it as a challenge to your resources.
Convert this obstacle, this stumbling block into steps of stones that propels
forward towards you achieving your results in life.
The challenges have come but now you must change your attitude towards
this situation.
Do not let your ﬁrst thoughts or reaction to the situation be a negative
one
Eliminate words obstacles and problem from your vacabulary and
thinking
Focus on your own horizon not other people’s horizons
Every experience you encounter now is seen as a…situation
Regardless of whether it is positive or negative one. It is a situation
It is a situation that…can….be…resolved.
You are not helpless. You are not without resources. You are not in a world
without access to knowledge and information to apply.
You are not without the ability to craft your CV to be better and apply.

You are not without a wealth of many companies out there to apply too.
With this change of attitude towards the situations you have encountered, you
are now better equipped to handle them by seeing the opportunities for growth
and completion, rather than creating an atmosphere of failure.
1. Write it down
Write down the situation you need to resolve. Describe the situation in a
simple manner. Clearly deﬁne it as a..sitiuation and once you do that, the
solution will appear for you easily.
2. Anaylze the situation
Look at this situation from all possible angles. Identify and pay attention
to which portion you can resolve immediately.
3. List the alternative solutions.
Write down each potential solutions as completely as possible:
Throw the bottles away
Go for a walk and see the world you are part of
Then come back to look at your CV and craft it. Get your focus back.
Hammer it and bang it online in diﬀerent websites
Look at websites of companies and see vacancies and apply
Go on Twitter and see if these companies there and connect and ask
questions on the job.
Connect with others who got jobs, don’t envy them, connect with
them, befriend them, don’t ask for help for now.
Just get to know them and if they ask..IF…don’t complain negativity.
Be upbeat and say you are still looking for a job and your passion is
ect cetre. Talke upbeat not down, negative.
Someone will have an opening and one of them will help because you
became their friend and they want to work with you. Don’t rely on
them. Keep applying and make connections.
4. Get advice but make your own decisions
Discuss the situation you are facing with people you trust and respect. Ask for
their experience, insight, wisdom and advice. Study and evaluate their advice
with your own understanding and observation of the industry you’re in. Then
make your ﬁnal decision.
and be committed to it until you realise the outcome or results you desire.
5. Stick to your decision.
Once you have made your decision, creatre the atmosphere of success by sticking
until you achieve the results/outcome you desire.
6. Put your decision into action immediately
Do not create atmosphere of failure and procrastinate with doom and gloom.
Instead get started straight away and give it your best.
Do not try.
Give it it ALL.
I do not believe in people who use this word “try.” I do not trust anyone who says
they will try. Trying is not good enough.
You do not try with your goals and dreams. You give it ALL. Doing your best you
can with 100% committment.

One day in an interview they will ask you a question..
“Did you ever face a an obstacle and if so, how did you resolve it”
NOW you got a REAL story that’s all yours…
“Yes, I felt I failed because I studied, got the qualiﬁcations and applied. Everyone
was getting a job but I didn’t. At ﬁrst I was parylzed but then I remembered that
success is a continous realisation of the outcome or results you desire. And when
you’re working in a team you don’t give up because you give up on the team who
relies on you and the company that hired you.
So I got to work, imagining the team I want to work with, the company I want to
work with and wrote my goal down, the tasks I need to do and focused right back to
apply for jobs. As I sit with you here, I am a diﬀerent person than I was then.
I can honestly say back then I saw it as obstacle but for me obstacles now are
situations in which you rise to the challenge. I didn’t achieve it alone. I asked people
who had knowledge as I believe working as a team but then made my own decision
to be sitting with you right now. I feel I will be of great an asset to your company and
the team because whatever obstacle face, I will see it as a situation for the whole
team as well as myself to rise to the challenge to achieve the goals your company
desires us to achieve…”
This what you got, the curve ball from life is what will give you powerful meaning
and attractive quality when you apply for jobs.
“That which you cannot grow through, you will go through again and again,
and again, and again UNTIL you grow through it!”
Do not let it go through you.
You get up and go through it.
Change your attitude, stop speaking to yourself in that way and creating an
atmosphere for failure. Instead, create an atmosphere for success…
This is what your attitude needs to be from this day forward..
Do not waste your time on thoughts, comparing to other people, or
actions which are not worthy of your goals and result you desire.
Do not waste your thoughts on ideas thay are not worthy
Do not waste your energies on activities which are not worthy
Do not waste your noney on that which is not worthy
Always ask yourself..
“Is this thought, these actions, this behaviour, this atmosphere I am creating will
help towards the continous realisation of the outcome or results I desire in life?”
Without struggle there is no growth. Without growth, there is no victory.
Here’s to your victory!
809 Views · View Upvoters

What is your reason to be thankful today?
Adam Taha, Grateful for the simplest things in life
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I am thankful for waking up to a new day.
2. Thankful for the knowledge I learnt from England and USA with all the
books I could access and still can access. I will forever be grateful for all
the authors and learned people who kept on writing and sharing.

3. Thankful that I can approach any woman no matter how attractive she is
with conﬁdence, boldness and be able to converse like human beings
who don’t take life, sex and much most people take so damn seriously.
4. Thankful that I can choose from billions of women and so I don’t wait for
a woman to make her decision and can approach many more to get a yes,
very fast because I am thankful to have developed courage through life
hard knocks.
5. Thankful I didn’t take the easy road but the one less traveled by and it is
this that made the diﬀerence. Thankful I took that quote and applied it
to my life at a very young age.
6. Thankful for all the talents I have, from painting, drawing, sketching,
designing, creating anything I desire.
7. Thankful I don’t need to know everything and hire experts who know
what I need to know.
8. Thankful to be able to give and empower men and women around the
world
9. Thankful that even when I am in my 40s, I look like I’m 30 years old and
thankful I had sense to look after my health at a young age.
10. Thankful that there are fuckers on this planet who told me I can’t
achieve because they propelled me forward to prove to myself I CAN.
11. Thankful for the hard times because they revealed my true self and got
me to ﬁght and learn so much more
12. Thankful of the good I ﬁnd in this world everyday
13. Thankful even when I came from a unstable family home I turned out
alright, conﬁdent, secure, knowledgeable, wise and experienced
14. Thankful to see young people can still have fun and not take life too
seriously. That they are become less inclined to follow the social norms
and traditions. So there is hope for the future.
15. Thankful for awesome Yorkshire tea. Haha. Love my Yorkshire tea.
16. MOST OF ALL, thankful to be born in a race I grew to love and
sometimes hate, but also admire the courage, the love, the kindness, the
compassion and this spirit of never giving up and that they continue to
keep rising up even when dark times fall.
17. And one day I will also be thankful that our religion will be love and our
purpose that no man, woman and child shall ever go hungry, want for
anything and feel alone. It may not happen in my life time but I hope for
it everyday that it happen for the next generation.
964 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Antonius Ferdinand

Have you ever dated a girl and then discovered that her mom is
much hotter than her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. That happened when I was 22 years old.
I met the girl at an art Museum. I was staring at an awesome painting of Van
Gogh. Love his work. I see him as a genius. I was so drawn by one of his paintings
and she stood next to me and told me she was seeing me stare at it for 10 minutes
and wondered why.
Anyway we got chatting and we clicked, went for a drink. Started dating later.

One day, I was picking her up from her house and her mum opened door
with..just..her nighty robe on. It was 8pm.
She was very attractive and I could see her daughter got her looks from her.
I walked into house and weird thing happened, a good weird. Her daughter
looked at her mum, and her mum looked her, and then they looked at me, and I
knew what was going to go down.
I found out they both had a fantasy to date the same guy and have sex with him
and I had no problems with that either. They both also believed in open
relationships and so I dated both, had sex with both and they also dated others
too as I did.
Wonderful time, amazing relationship and lasted for 4 years.
I moved to another city and so it was diﬃcult for us to meet often but I am still in
touch after all those years and I always get hints..
“You know you can visit us. Like all times.”
So I might just do that before the year ends.
The stories I could write in a book. Man the stories I could write.
13.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys think of girls with a little chubby belly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on guy. Personally, I don’t care. If I am into girl I don’t care if she had a
little chubby belly. All I care about is how she makes me feel.
What will put me oﬀ is if she makes it a big deal due her own insecurities because
then she be so insecure she be so self conscious it will do my head in.
I’m focusing on her and she’s rattling on about her belly and it does my head in
when girls get all self conscious.
Then she be insecure about sleeping with me naked, then it lead to other stuﬀ
and on and on it goes. It’s not attractive.
What is attractive is she walks away with just her nickers on in apartment and she
don’t give a damn, loves herself. Now that is conﬁdence and loving yourself.
That to me is very attractive and sexy.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Raven Keohane

What can you do to get a guy’s attention on Facebook?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll show you what got my attention and I dated these women later on:
1. Hey Adam, I was looking at your sketches. I love them and I admire a
man who has talents. Love to talk to you to ﬁnd out more on who you are.
I live in London too.
2. Hi Adam, I was reading your work on Quora and I am so facinated by
you, and would love to ﬁnd out more about you.
3. OMG Adam, I found you. I so love your articles. I have been reading them
for the last 6 months. You’re so conﬁdent and open minded. I like that
alot.

These girls also did the following ﬁrst:
Like many of my photos
Commented positive
Complimented (men are ego self centred. It’s simple. Compliment the
man)
These are the women I ignore..
1. Hey Adam, I need your help. Found you on quora. Can you help, my exboyfriend blah blah blah blah
2. Hi Adam, I wondered if you can help. I was dating this guy and he
then..blah blah lah
So men are simple.
You ﬁnd out what to acknowledge and use it to connect with them. First build
some history showing you like their status, photos, and then there is a history at
least and connect by sending a message.
Also the women who I added, sent me awesome messages and didn’t just ﬂoat on
facebook. Something so many don’t do. You add them and they do nothing else.
Don’t say message to say hello and connect.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

How much does intelligence matter in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As long you understand what is really important. It doesn’t matter much how
smart your partner is or how smart you are.
What matters is how close you both are intellectually.
That you are both are able to communicate and understand one another fully. If
he doesn’t understand you fully and you don’t understand him fully, then you got
a problem.
So go for whatever but ensure that you both understand each other fully.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lorenz Duremdes

My friend tried to kiss me, but I got scared and pushed him
away. Now we're not talking anymore. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just go back to him and say..
1. Before you say anything, I just want to say I really like you.
2. I was just nervous when you went for the kiss
3. I haven’t kissed a guy before and that’s why I pushed you out of the way
4. I look back now and I wish I didn’t push you away because I like you, and
I want to kiss you (that’s if this part is true and you feel that way)
You can also text him if you just can’t get to him to talk with him. The above
explains it well enough that you are still interested and explains why and what.
If response is good then you can lead to meeting again. Just ask him out to meet
again.
32k Views · View Upvoters

How should I provide new information to my girlfriend, when
she thinks she is smarter than me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dating/relationships isn’t about keeping scores who is clever, smarter or who is
right and wrong. You’re focusing on the wrong things.
You’re focusing on proving and making your girlfriend to say she’s wrong so you
can be right.
You are then going against someone else’s ego.
Do you realise how destructive this is to your relationship?
She’s your girlfriend not your student trying to prove something to her to be right.
If you want to prove something then make something of yourself. Focus on you
bettering your position in life and let your results speak for you.
That’s the diﬀerence between a Man and a Boy.
Man let’s his results speak for himself and boy is trying to prove someone to get
validation, approval, acceptance he is smart.
Focus on the right things not your ego and she will probably do the same when
she realises she can’t rattle your ego.
And only share knowledge that is about sharing knowledge such as platforms like
this or when someone asks you for your knowledge.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so hard to ﬁnd a girlfriend in today's world? I’m 33
years old, good looking, with a high income. Women want
casual sex with me but they never return my calls. I just want a
21 year old girlfriend.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see what you put in the details?
That’s why….
1. 33 years old and more like 23
2. I am good looking.
3. Nice apartment
4. High income
5. In great shape
These are called Absolute Value.
Absolute Value does not matter until the dating grows into a relationship. When a
girl dates a guy gradually seeing more of him then these matter later on not for
attraction phase for dating.
These there are all about the conscious but you need to focus on the unconscious
when it comes to women and you are not.
They are details and details don’t do much to make a girl feel excited, lustful,
ferciously desiring you and imagines exciting experiences with you.
Details get you asking the wrong questions:
How can I get the girls to give me her number?

How can I get the girls to respond to my text?
How can I get the girls to meet me for a date?
How can I get this girl to kiss me?
How can I get this girl to sleep with me?
How can I…?
If you read some questions on here that ask women what do they feel when they
see a man they are attracted to, you will read all kinds of irrational words.
You will read about how they feel…
Electricity runs through my body.
My legs weaken and shudder.
The tingling feeling ﬂowing through my spin.
The warm feeling rush to my face to make be blush.
My heart racing and pounding.
I feel all hot and ﬂustered.
The warmth swimming down through my belly.
My pussy dripping wet..OMG!
And of course they got no backbone to approach the guy and give all kinds of
excuses to rationalise their fear of rejection.
Like the family was there. The friends were there. They had no time and..
“OOoh I can’t let him know!”
They fear rejection. Again “feeling..emotions..” which brings us to…
The Perceived Value
This is where where you are messing up in:
1. The approach. It’s logical.
2. The ﬂirting is boring.
3. The sexual appeal isn’t conﬁdent.
4. Too many questions like a job interview.
5. There is no fun, excitement but playing safe.
6. The girls get bored with you even if they don’t show it.
7. They give you their number to get rid of you.
8. Or they give you their number to forget about you easily because they
feel and imagine the experience with you will be worth it.
9. They had already decided to say no to you in their mind due to the
interaction they had with you.
10. Or when you text it’s the same old logical ﬂuﬀ. Small talk.
It has nothing to do with most girls here, who tell you how they don’t go for older
men because there is nothing in common and how they busy blah blah.
Bullshit. I’m in my 40s and I’m dating 19 year olds, 20 year olds and 25s.
Plenty of young women dating older guys, plenty. So just because girls say that,
doesn’t mean it’s not happening.

Or that you got too many criteria on your list. That too, is really not the case. It’s
much deeper than that.
Believe me, you can have lots of criteria and if the girl is so hot for you, she won’t
give a damn. She’ll desire you, lust over you and meet and do whatever. Then
later on the logic kicks in after sex and more sex.
Then maybe the criteria in her mind kicks in.
We are not talking about relationships but rather which most missed the point
on. That this is about the attraction phase and to date, meet up, face to face.
Listen to the Feed Back:
They never return my calls.
When I get numbers in nightclubs they always ﬂake.
That tells me, the approach is where you’re messing up in. I’m going to explain to
you what I mean but also appreciate, women ﬂake a lot.
Yes, sorry ladies. You are the biggest ﬂakes of all time. It rains, and you will ﬂake.
You’re eyes tired and you will ﬂake.
So women naturally ﬂake a lot on dates. They come up with all kinds of excuses
but you see you can sort this out way in the beginning to decrease the number of
ﬂakey girls if learn to sort out the approach part.
You’ll never get rid of the ﬂakes but the results will be much better.
You need to step back and ask yourself..
1. What state of mind do I want the girl to be in?
2. How do I do it to feel this way?
Let’s look at it for a moment..
What state of mind do I want the girls to be in?
In other words, how do you want her to feel when with you?
Desiring you
Lustful
Heart racing
Feeling of excitement
Her pussy pulsating
Dripping wet
Electric exciting vibe running through her body
Now is the time to see what you didn’t see…
Look back at your approach, the way you ﬁrst make contact with the girl, the way
she ﬁrst sees you, the way you stand, the way you look, the way you approach, the
ﬂirting, the conversation…the interaction…the eyes contact….body language.
Did you qualify her for her to put some work to feel she earned your interest?
This too can arouse a woman and even make her feel you’re not just seeing her as
in body and sex. So when she earns your attention, the feeling she has for you is
very diﬀerent. It has attraction.
Do you really think what you’re doing makes a girl feel the feelings in which
you felt she…

Desires you
Lustful
Heart racing
Feeling of excitement
Her pussy pulsating
Dripping wet
Electric exciting vibe running through her body
Be honest and look back in your memory.
Replay each step like a movie or go out again but this time pay attention how you
do things so you see as an observer.
Do you think a girl would feel all these emotions inside of her, where her
emotions are captured and her imagination is on ﬁre, she has got to meet you?
Now you know why.
But we are not done yet.
Let me push away the cobwebs of social conditining and the social norms,
traditions that has blinded you and so many men and women.
The next question is..
How do I get her to feel this way?
Aha! Now you are seeing your job, your income, your car, your looks, and all you
have mentioned…cannot help you.
Why?
It is Knowledge and Skill:
1. Conﬁdence is a skill
2. Conversation/communication
3. Emotionally engaging
4. Emotionally connecting.
5. Intellectually engaging
6. Flirting skills
7. Humour skills
8. Social dynamics
9. Experience
It was never about the girls. They are not the problem.
Girls will behave as girls.
They always have been.
That’s not going to change.
You are not prepared. You prepare for your 9–5 job but this..no. You are not
prepared for this. Most of you guys are not prepared.
You see, when you ask the right questions you realise you was so focused on
getting and wanting, and you lost the amazing opportunity to connect with these
girls at a emotional level.

You didn’t engage emotionally and connect to make a girl FEEL something about
you. When you really care about bringing value to a girl, you focus on not getting
her or wanting her but making her feel alive.
In doing so she will feel:
Fascinated
Excited
Captivated
Aroused
It makes sense to her to want to ﬁnd out more about you.
She can imagine experiencing more with you.
Putting It All Together.
When you do everything else like texting to build on the attraction then you know
what to avoid doing. You avoid the mentality of getting and wanting and focus on
her feeling the vibe.
You’ll focus on the feelings - emotionally connecting with her to increase the
desire to meet. For her to feel aroused and desire you more.
You build on the attraction again to remind her of the feeling she felt with you in
the night club because the mood will have changed.
It’s not high energy anymore.
She’s not in the night club with the atmosphere of high energy, excitement, fun
but rather she is now isolated out of that.
That’s why you need knowledge and skill to do this.
You’ll know how to spike attraction by using what you got from her when
conversing in a playful fun manner when asking her out.
You’d know how to do it creatively.
1. First get the vibe going again.
2. Emotionally connect again.
3. When this kicks oﬀ then lead to the phone.
4. Qualify her. She needs to show eﬀort that she’s interested in you.
5. Build some more attraction but also tiny touch of comfort.
Comfort is ﬁnding out a little more who she is and who you are.
1. You can weave storytelling about your experiences and for her to expand.
2. Using techniques like time bridging with your conversation.
3. Humour shows conﬁdence. Don’t play safe.
Don’t build too much comfort. Keep it focused on attraction, being playful and
not serious to lead to meet up.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

What things can a woman whisper to man to turn him on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

These are what women said to me that turned me on and it is these women I
dated and been in relationship with.

1. I want you so bad I can feel my heart racing
2. I’ve got nothing underneath and I’m saying to you in hope you’re not like
most gutless men but from how you behave, that this is really who you
are.
3. I know some men get scared of a woman who knows what she wants but
my god, I want you.
4. I’ve never, ever said this to a man but you fascinate me. To stand up to
my dad like that, tells me I will be safe with you when world around us is
going crazy.
5. Baby, if we were alone, I’d want you to do whatever you want with me.
6. Master, baby, I am all yours
7. Master, I’ll be whatever you want me to be.
Anything less and the woman will bore me. I can’t stand women who play safe.
PS…Master is my nick name.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do I hold onto this guy I met on tinder?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“We have been talking for 2 weeks and we kind of had sex on the ﬁrst date,
yes very bad.”
Here it is again. The shame. The guilt. The social brain wash conditioning.
Why is it bad?
You are both are adults. You both agreed to have sex.
So why you are feeling bad?
I mean, if I heard a girl say that about the sex we had because I didn’t ask her out
again then I’d be like..
“WTF? It didn’t mean anything? So she didnt desire me at all? Is that it? Is that
what it fucking was then? Nothing. Shame, guilt. Well ok then. She can piss oﬀ
then if she thinks sex with me on ﬁrst date is so wrong…”
I can’t stand women like that. Meek, timid, socially conditioned so bad she would
feel guilty, shame and disgust over something so natural because she got brain
washed like most women about sex.
Nothing bad about it. It’s a beautiful thing that happened. You and the guy
shared a moment, an experience, you were honest with each other than playing
some pathetic game most do in society.
Second, this is the natural process of dating.
A guy dates other women. He keeps his options open. That is until he dates you
some more, which is what texting is about. You don’t text back and forth everyday
for nothing.
You need to move it forward.
He’s probably waiting to hear you say you want to see him again.
Maybe he has had experiences before when he slept with a girl and when he
asked her out again to ﬁnd she wasn’t bothered.
It happens.

So spike attraction up with texting and suggest to go out again. If you haven’t
tried that then I don’t know where you’re head is.
If later when you date some more, it develops into a a relationship and you both
agree to become exclusive…then…he will let go of tinder.
Then you ask why he’s still on there.
But for now, it’s all assumptions.
You’re both not exclusive.
It’s only been a few weeks.
You had an amazing experience, sex and that’s how you need to see it. Don’t be
hard on yourself regarding sex because you fell for the bullshit society has been
fell for regarding sex. That’s a trap to make you feel guilty, shame and insecure.
It’s there to control you.
So stop with the back and forth with the small talk texting and suggest
something. Like going out again and checking some places.
19.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should his love for you override the fact that you are not his
preferred body type?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me ask you a question..
Do you prefer the life you are living in or do you prefer more money, great job, an
awesome package bonus every month and a company car, AND they pay your
mortgage for you?
We all prefer a lot of things but preferring, fantasizing is a diﬀerent thing to
getting.
You feel me?
Women prefer this tall dark handsome guy but they end up with what?
Opposite!
Men prefer this tall and whatever woman, what they end up with?
Opposite.
It is ok to prefer whatever but you need to realise something. People have
fantasies.
Fantasies doesn’t mean his love for you fades away. That’s your insecurities. In
fact it has nothing to do with what he prefers.
That problem has been with you before you ever met your boyfriend.
We prefer a cruise. We prefer travelling around the world and not work. We prefer
a lot of things. Does that mean we don’t love the work we do now? No.
Does that mean we don’t love the life we live now? I don’t know about other
people but for me, no. I love what I do.
Does that mean we don’t love the lovers we are with? No.
We all prefer, fantasize, desire and that’s our gift that gives us pleasure.
It’s not anyone’s right to take away from us.

We all have them and that includes you too.
If it’s you who is feeling this then it is your insecurities. You who don’t love
yourself. You’re looking for excuses to self sabotage the relationship. This is your
fear of abandonment.
Maybe you’re getting a guy now who is falling for you and you’re fearing all kinds
of stuﬀ in your head because you’re scared to be vulnerable.
The insecurities have been there long before he ever appeared in your life.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I blame my parents for the way they raised me (Dad remarried,
real mom left, and they let me do anything I wanted. I was a
rebellious drop-out.). It has resulted in my having a hard time
in the present. Am I right to think this way?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Answered Nov 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s understandable you feel crushed and looking at someone to blame but let me
share with you what I found…
My parents didn’t have a clue about the education system and process.
Now imagine, just imagine you don’t know about exams, A levels or any of that
shit. You don’t know what an exam is!
You was just thrown in school with little English because your parents had this
idea they’d ﬂy oﬀ to England, leave you behind, then get a ticket when you’re
much older to ﬂy to England. So you miss a lot and you get to be lost in the
Jungle.
You don’t know that you’re suppose to study to revise, to do exam, get grades and
enter college, etc cetre. You don’t even know the proces of life like qualiﬁcations.
job and so on.
That was me.
I felt like I was an accident.
My parents were oblivious to all this and any letters sent, well, they didn’t read
them. My dad only knew how to speak English to work in Steel works and mum
looking after 6 children and busy with that.
Now granted, I blamed them for a bit but how long can I blame someone?
How long can I blame teachers who couldn’t see I was struggling big?
So I took responsibility for my life and went to work.
I did so much that by the age of 17 years old, I was hired by college under
supervision, to teach students Graphic Design. I became a fucking prodigy.
How about that?!
The guy who failed in every exam at school kicked ass!
You know why?
I went to a library one day and I saw this book the librarian was putting away. The
image caught my eye.
I went to get it and cover as I can recall was..
“You Can Do It.”

Now that got me because everyone says I can’t do this or that. That was the only
reason why I went for this book.
So I read the book and it taught about the brain, how it works, the thoughts and
how thoughts shape you.
I thought to myself..
“Ok then. I am going to do this because I can.”
I followed the book, chapter by chapter.
This book lead me to other books and more books. I know I read more than any
student who went to that school. I literally smashed it.
By the time I knew it, aged 18 a huge transformation happened. People began to
call me for my expertise advise. I ﬁgured out I am a smart guy after all.
That I am not deﬁned by my parents or what teachers thought.
I deﬁne who I am.
I also could help other students too, which I did.
I spent most of my time even in holidays, going from house to another, helping
others with all kinds of subjects. These students got the highest of scores because
I was able to explain in their language so they can learn.
I was able to identify the wall because I have been there. That wall was preventing
them to do even the basics of maths, english, history and more. I knew what was
happening in their mind.
I developed the process for students to learn to memorise but with understanding
what they are memorising.
So imagine, I went to learn all the subjects because each person was learning a
diﬀerent subject. If was history then I devoured history books. If it was literature I
did the same. If it was science and onwards.
I was so busy seeking knowledge and doing my own thing, just going for it that I
didn’t really notice the transformation until one day, I was standing on a stage in
front of thousands of people, explaining the psychology of selling.
As I was turned away from the board to see an ocean of people in Birmingham
NEC stadium, I wondered..
“How the hell did I get here?”
My life ﬂew by me so fast that I forgot about blaming anyone.
I was so busy on knowledge, shaping and moulding myself, excited as well to
share knowledge, travel the world, doing my own thing…I forgot that I failed in
exams in school. I forgot I came from a broken angry, choatic and abusive family
home. I forgot I was lost and didn’t have guidance as a teenager.
It just dawned on me on that stage.
I saw it all replaying in front of me and I thought…
“Was that really me back then?”
I just stood on stage for a bit that even the other speaker had to walk up from back
of stage to ask if I was alright. I went to microphone and said..
“Sorry about that folks. I was wondering how on earth I got here.”

They all cracked up laughing and I began to share more of my story to explain
which made the talk much more enjoyable and meaningful.
You are overthinking a lot.
You may see all that you went through is breaking you but really, if you look more
closely, you will see it becomes part of your story that will be a source of
inspiration.
The past you went though can be your enemy or your greatest friend. It can be a
source of strength or your weakness. It can be a creation of an idea to be the best
in something which has a story of courage with it.
It can give your story meaning that’s deep and courageous if you get up. It can be
a curse or an inspiration to build a brighter future for yourself.
Whatever it’s going to be, one thing is for certain.
If you always living in the past then you’re not living in the moment. If you
are not living in the moment - you sacriﬁce your future.
You decide where you allocate more time, energy and resources.
That’s a choice. A choice you now make.
Hopefully you live more in the moment.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I sent a girl a text saying “Hey” and she saw it but didn’t reply.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hey?
I would not respond either if a girl sent that and I’m sure many girls won’t
respond either.
Some girls text me..
1. Hey
2. Hi
3. Hey what’s up
4. Hello
Or even replies
1. Yeah
2. Nop
3. Ok
I don’t reply or I say to them put some more eﬀort. I have no problems saying to
someone to put some eﬀort in.
No wonder she didn’t respond.
Texting is to grab attention. It is to emotionally connect. You bring value and
spark attraction again.
When you text words like “Hey,” you don’t spike attraction. It doesn’t emotionally
connect. It gives no reason for someone to take time to reply.

Such words shows laziness, it shows lack of eﬀort and lack of interest. It’s like you
just did it because you was bored or to kill some time.
I don’t know how many times I say to people don’t text small talk. You want to
engage someone then learn the art of connecting emotionally.
Me - Hey (name) do you have a sister, I just saw someone looks exactly like you
and her name is also (name)
Girl - Hahah. My name is very popular you know
Me - Nah, not as popular as jihihoiwgewwiehw
Girl -That’s not a name
Me - No, it was my mum pratting about again.
Girl - Haha. OMG! She read my text
Me - He’s getting weird on you, isn’t he darling?
Girl - Is that your MUM?
Me - Yeah, you know what mum’s like ;)
Girl - You’re crazy you know
Me - Yeah, well you know what they say about crazy
Girl - What?
Me - I don’t know. I was asking you :)
Girl - OMG! So glad you text me. You cheered me up
Me - See told you he’d make you go all weird
Me - Sorry my mum bust door down like Rambo and text that
Girl - call me.
Me - Give me 5 mins.

Get creative. Put some eﬀort in. Millions of dollars banged into your education
and you come out with..
“Hey.”
When you use these words “hey” and “yeah” they really just an insult. You expect
a person to take time out to reply to that. It’s lazy. It shows as well you haven’t
much balls and like most average guys playing safe.
She gets “hey” from many guys.
Guys also get “hey” from many girls.
Girl - Yeah
Me - (nothing)
Girl - :(
Me - Try harder.
Girl - Oh haha. Yes baby. I agree but what about checking the other place out

I say to women who text like that I want eﬀort. I give eﬀort and so they need to as
well or I won’t bother replying.

So don’t use these words and get creative and lead the conversation instead of
ending it with “huh” and “yeah” and “ok.”
Get her engaged by being more creative. Put some eﬀort in.
42.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁnd a boyfriend if I work from 7am to 10pm?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget boyfriend.
Work on yourself so you can ﬁnd a job that gives you ﬂexibility to have time for
yourself. Focus on that ﬁrst and then when you have that sorted, got a nice
balance of income, a job that gives you ﬂexibility then think about the boyfriend.
It’s what I say to women and men…
It is not a check list of what man or woman you want. It is a check list of self
development of your own life. Get your life sorted out ﬁrst.
Get rid of what you don’t want gradually to make room for what you do want.
That takes ﬁrst investing in one self and having the lifestyle for whatever one
desires.
So forget about boyfriend for now.
Focus on bettering your position in life.
That’s the priority I feel right now, not a boyfriend.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy says I just want to love you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he just wants to love you.
If you want to know more then go and ask him what he means by loving you. It’s
not easy for a man to show such aﬀection.
Ask him because no one here knows and it’s all assumptions.
If you’re a girl you’re supposed to be good at communication but we ﬁnd the last
thing most are good at is that…communication.
Communicate to him and ﬁnd out from him.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys say they like you then stop talking to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Anytime a guy shares his feeling to a girl whether he says he likes her or loves her,
and she goes oﬀ replying…
1. Really!
2. Ooooh
3. Wow
4. I see
And doesn’t say to him how she feels the same and love to know more, then she
didn’t show much back to him. So, he moved on. He stops texts. So would I.

Guys do that.
That’s how we see, if she’s diﬀerent to other girls who are attention seekers. We
want to see where she stands.
If she is into us, the guy. We show aﬀection, see where she stand. We see if she is
no diﬀerent to most girls, just seeking attention or just wants to be a pal.
Guys sometimes say something big like “Girl, I LOVE you.” I do that too. I want to
see where you stand. Then sees your reaction.
Or “I really like you” and sees what you say.
Or “I miss you and I am attracted to you.”
If the girls response is negative, if she doesn’t show emotion, if she doesn’t do
damn anything but..
1. Really!
2. Oh wow
3. I see
Whats the point of texting. It just cold and we just move on.
So we see where you stand and if the response is negative, shows no emotion, well
we don’t even bother with her.
It takes balls to show some aﬀection.
We men have been conditioned not to show emotions and so when we do show,
better believe it’s a big deal when a guy does.
It’s not easy. We are taught and conditioned early on to not show emotions and
only strong men, strong, show emotions.
Best thing is text him and spike attraction but don’t lead him on. Show emotions
or leave it alone if the girl isn’t interested in him.
20.5k Views · View Upvoters

I asked out a girl and she said she wants to be friends. She
smiled during the whole conversation. What does this mean
and what should I do next?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. It means you are desperately hoping her smile means something when it
means nothing what you think it is.
2. It means she has said no and it is a rejection but she knew, if she said no
to you, you’ll be doing what you’re doing now. That you haven’t got the
common sense to see this is a rejection and to stop looking into matter
like there is some mysterious meaning.
3. It means you have low self respect for yourself because when a girl says
no in any shape of form, like she likes to just be friends, you are still
wondering if her “smile,” means something.
What you should do about it?
Don’t waste your time being friends with her if you like most desperate, needy,
pathetic nice guys who spend their time on ONE WOMAN, in being friends with
her, spending days, weeks and years in hope one day she will say yes.
Move on and approach other women or she will do what most women do, use you
for emotional support and she will KNOW for real she is doing so.

Psychologically seducing you to waste your time and resources. Then one day
you will ask her out again and put you in your place to remind you how you are
just a friend and she is not obligated to open her legs for you.
Then you will feel pissed oﬀ because you wasted all that time trying to pretend to
be a nice guy and that is what a nice guy is.
He isn’t nice at all.
Just move on and approach other women.
Whether she smiled, winked, whatever. It means nothing if she said she isn’t
interested and just wants to be friends.
Take it for her word. She’s not interested.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you respond to a girl who never stops texting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t text for hours with a girl who you have not shown intent. Why are you
investing so much time on a girl who you have yet to show you are attracted to
her by saying to?
You’re stepping about 10 paces forward before you even got the ﬁrst base done.
1. First approach and show intent. If it’s online you met then make it clear
to her you desire her. Then she has now got to show her true colours. If
she doesn’t show interest back then let her go man.
If it’s oﬄine, approach her face to face and show intent. Get this step
done ﬁrst. Or why you texting for? To be a friend? Texting conversation
as a friend is boring. You need to pick up the phone for conversation.
Also if your text is lame ass small talk then of course it’s not going to get
much of a response but even then, don’t use text for long hours
conversation. It’s to be used to…Spike Attraction.
2. Then you use textig to build attraction. You be playful and fun.
3. Then you lead the texting with role playing fun to lead to meeting.
4. You lead from text to phone call to talk to build a little comfort and now
suggest something to meet up face to face by picturing something
exciting for her to want to come with you on..a…date.
But what you are doing is building comfort, doing hours of texting when you
haven’t got base one sorted out.
Looks like you like this girl but you didn’t show intent in the beging when you
approached her face to face. Just got her number and texting back and forth.
There’s no clear goal here and she be wondering when you’re gong to take action
or show why you are texting her for real.
There are girls who just want attention.
She can be one of them, stringing you along and only way to ﬁlter out such girls is
show intent early on and not be passive-aggressive about it.
Does she know you are attracted to her?
If not, sort that out ﬁrst.

If she is interested in you and you are pratting about texting for hours, back and
forth for days, then she’ll get bored of you.
Texting is suppose to excite not for conversation. It’s used to build attraction but
only when you ﬁrst identiﬁed there is attraction. Then you use it to lead to the
goal which is to date.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are speciﬁc common reasons for a man to get rejected
when they ask out a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about this…
Let’s say you’re a guy. If a girl you’re not attracted to you asked out. You want to
say you’re not interest because you know she’s not attractive to you. You know
she’s not your type of girl. You know there’s no way in hell you can date her.
You’re just not attracted to her.
Do you think she’s entitled to date you?
That she has some right for you to date her when you’re not interested?
It’s not rocket science.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why are college girls always asking boys to buy them food as if
they don't have their own money?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The real question is..
“Why boys don’t stop giving them money?”
The girls do it because they know they can. They know some guys will say yes.
Because there are far too many guys who kiss their asses. If guys don’t give them
money, don’t let girls do that shit on them, believe women who are attractive will
learn they can’t use their looks anymore to get shit from anyone.
They do it because we got boys and men who think being nice is going to get
them between these girls/women’s legs.
I do have women who ask for drinks when I am at the bar and I just reply
“Sure, WHEN you buy me one ﬁrst.”
It’s not just school. It’s out there. Guys buying women drinks, jewellery, holiday,
and even cars like chumps. Doing mostly everything for them.
771 Views · View Upvoters

I asked a woman out and she didn't reply until the next day.
Should I decline?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait! I don’t get this. Did you ask her out face to face or text? This sounds to me
like it was done by texting.
If I asked her face to face, and she didn’t give me answer there and then, we’re
done. I’m moving on.

I never ask a woman out using text.
Have the balls and decency to go up to her face to face and ask her out. Make your
intent clear before you take her number.
There is a proces for this and the way this was done, I promise you, the
awkwardiness it will create when you do meet, if you do, will be huge that
nothing is going to move forward.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is there something wrong with me if guys always call me pretty
but never ask me out? I've had 4 guys who called me pretty but
none of them made a move
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok. I’ll show you why. This is how it goes…
Guy - Hey you’re pretty
Girl - Oh thank you
Guy - ………………….. (?)
Girl - ……………………
Guy - Oh got to go. See yah
Now you know.
You want to change that, do you?
Then get to work.
Put some eﬀort in and stop behaving like a princess, standing there pretty.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys become less aﬀectionate after you enter a
relationship with them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you’re in a relationship the infatuation that was there is gone. The
attraction has died down and what most women and men do, they don’t build on
it. They get lazy and that’s a dangerous point.
You’re in a relationship now and so, you both need to use texting in a diﬀerent
way. If you want to communicate talk on phone but now texting needs to be used
as an desire intensiﬁer…
1. Arouse him using words
2. Be sexual and playful
3. If you can attach sound which you can using Whatsapp then use your
voice, use tonality, practice to make your voice sexy, and record yourself
speaking and groaning, hahah, saying sexual words for him.
4. Use imagery of you (not your face) just body parts with added words that
arouses him further.
Then what happens he starts having fun with you too and doing similar,
Don’t use text for conversation because it gets boring. The infatuation has died
down now and this is diﬀerent dynamics of the relationship.
Use text now for spiking attraction and have fun with it.

Then watch how what you had in the beginning comes back again, and even with
such passion, you won’t believe.
15k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like to know we chose them or prefer girl with options?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, here is the problem. Every guy is going to be diﬀerent.
1. You got a guy who has this perception of girls dating tons of guys and so,
if he hears she got options, he will thinks a certain way.
2. Then you got a guy who is brought up in a certain way, so when a girl
says she got options, he’s going to think in a certain way
3. Then you got a guy who doesn’t give a damn and so, when a girl says
she’s got options, he’s going to think in a certain way.
You feel me?
Every guy is diﬀerent.
Personally, I don’t give a damn if she has 10 guys, dating them, fucking them,
whatever. That doesn’t deﬁne her to me.
What will?
How she behaves with me? How she makes me feel? How she respects me or not?
How she going to make me feel alive or not?
That’s what I look for.
The other parts on options, well, none of my business what she does. I am a
sexual guy anyway and it is no big deal to me. I am also the type of man who
doesn’t give a damn what a girl thinks either if I am dating other women.
For some women “OOoh blah blah.”
For others, “Oh yeah I want this guy.”
So you know what I do and what I advise guys and girls do?
Don’t give a fuck. If a woman judges me because of who I am, then that doesn’t
mean she is a bitch. It means her perception is her reality.
It’s ﬁne. It’s ok.
It’s her truth but she needs to now get the hell out of my damn face and go back to
where she came from because we are done. I’m moving on because her truth is
not my reality. That’s her reality.
I’m not going to change for her or any woman or society.
I know many women desire men like me and there are women who don’t. That’s
ﬁne. I focus on being myself and be direct, escalate the hell out of it and see who
she is for real and who she isn’t.
That’s me. I am willing to go all the way with who I am. I know the risks. I know
what is out there. I know the crap I might get.
I know the world I live in.
Does she?
If so, she can then say without giving a damn…

“I’m still dating, having fun because I am not so desperate to jump into a
relationship just like that with someone I don’t even know.”
If the guy judges her, then hey, he too can take a ﬂying leap back to where he
came. There will be guys who won’t give a damn if she has options.
So she says whatever she wants instead of living in fear some guys are going to
judge her and see her in a certain way.
You can’t keep living that way.
Forget it or you be changing for people and suddenly you ﬁnd out you don’t even
know who you are anymore.
I personally don’t care if she has options.
It only means she likes to date, get experience, have fun, and that’s awesome to
me. For others, well, I don’t care what others might think. That’s how she needs to
think and then embrace whatever comes and face up to it as I do in my life.
Everything has it’s consequences.
I am willing to live with these consequences. Small minds judging with their
skewed perception. World ﬁlled with labels and she knows that.
She knows the consequences.
Is she willing to live with these consquences.
I am.
Is she?
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do men ever give women second chances after a breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some men do. Some like myself, dont.
A breakup happened for a reason and I am a rational man. I do feel. I do love. I do
forgive but I am also a rational man. I am a knowledgeable man who understands
what happens in one’s mind in regards to feelings, love, lust etc.
That means I know myself very well.
So I am not blinded by ignorance and nor do I suddenly forget because I so desire
the woman because I have no options.
Instead I remember why we broke up and that alone will tell me “Hell no.”
When I am giving time for a woman, when I am dating, when and if I am in a
relationship, women will tell you I give it all. I don’t hold back. I give it all. I don’t
let my past negative experience project to the relationship I am in.
So if a breakup happens, I give the person a chance, I communicate, I keep the
door open, I say to them make sure you know what you’re deciding here as there
is no going back.
When we break up or when I break up and do so with 100% clarity, I don’t go
back. I move on. I did all I could and I am not going to go back.
I have options. I have other women I can approach. I have plenty of women who
contact me online, on diﬀerent websites and also due to approaching women.
I don’t need to go back into the past.

Those that do are so emotionally attached, fear abandonment and have this
exccessive reliant on their ex partner which is psychological and emotional .
Personally, I give time to heal, focus on my life, build myself up again and move
forward because I remember clearly why the break up happened.
I forgive but I don’t forget.
So some men do and some me like myself don’t.
We are not the same. We are all diﬀerent, like women. Women are not all same.
They are all diﬀerent.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best thing your teacher ever told you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best thing the teacher at college ever told me, is…
“Look, forget about girls, you’re not going to get any here because guys like you,
just not that smart going for girls. They are smarter here.”
So I went for his daughter who is a teacher and dated and had sex with her.
Coming to xmas dinner, I was sitting at his table and his jaw dropped. She of
course told him she met a guy but she didn’t tell him the guy was me.
I smuggly eat there, with his family and his wife smiling, laughing with him and I
knew, it was burning him big time.
And when going out of the house and he was at the door, I slapped his daughters
ass she giggled. She knew I wasn’t a “nice guy,” and said as I closed the gate..
“You was right. I stopped going for girls and went for women. Thanks for your
advice. It worked.”
And drove oﬀ in car with her.
Yes, that’s the best thing a teacher ever said to me.
934 Views · View Upvoters

What tweak has made all the diﬀerence in your life?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Nov 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The tweaks that made a diﬀerence to my life..
1. While others played hard to get trying to impress some girl and while
girls tried to play hard to get to impress some guy - I focused on my
purpose in life, my goals, building a large amazing life. That way I don’t
have to play hard to get to impress any woman. It’s there for her to see
when we meet.
2. I invested a lot of time in knowledge regarding the mind like the laws of
success, psychology, the fundamentals and stayed away from fast ﬁxes
and “the easier.” It has done me wonders because the fundamentals will
always be there no matter what.
I am able to implement them for all areas of my life.
3. I resigned from my job to focus on what I love to do. In the beginning it
was diﬃcult but I believed no one is ever ready. People always wait when
they are ready. You never really ready. So I put money away from the

salary I got every month with this plan and resigned to follow my own
path. I have never looked back since.
4. I took risks. I take risks in approaching women. I take risk in opening the
door in my life with younger women in hope they behave maturely and
they also appreciate I am a busy man. That they do not play the games
and rather focus on the relationship in a mature manner.
I take risks in building businesses.
I take risks in believing in someone and invest in them.
I take risks and in doing so, I may have failed or people have failed me,
but I know I have grown much more than being in the comfort zone and
a lot stronger. I have a lot to oﬀer in knowledge, expertise, insights and
experience because I took risks. I can see the blindspots in people’s life. I
can rationalise while others lead by emotions too much.
I can plan way ahead and use all the experience I have gained and pull all
the skills together to propel myself and anyone else towards what they
desire to achieve. I don’t need to know everything. The world is ﬁlled
with other experts I can connect to with the right price and respect a
persons gives me.
I take risks in seeing if the person is trusting and I will ﬁnd out in due
time. I take risks because it makes me grow much more. It makes me see
more of my ﬂaws and imperfection so I can tweak them. It makes me see
my own true self and humbles me. It makes me at awe of the gift of life
and being within a world ﬁlled with other human beings. It makes me
appreciate life and what I have even more.
5. Because I didn’t give a fuck about women. I saw them as full of bullshit.
Seriously, bullshit. However, I began to change my mind gradually as I
met amazing women, great thinkers in our time, smart women,
independant women and women who don’t play games and all the stuﬀ
most immature and insecure women do.
I found there are women who do love, who are compassionate, who are
are courageous, who desire what I desire, have similar attitude to life and
sex, and relationships. There are women who are direct in what they
desire and don’t give hints.
Therefore I began to grow with empathy and so empathy has helped a
great deal in seeing the world not as I want to see it but as it is. To have
empathy when people mess up and let you down.
6. I changed from pursuing passion that is an illusion to pursuing what
made me feel alive. In doing so, the passion came. In doing so, all I
desired in resources, connection, ﬁnances came because I did what
made me feel alive and it is why I don’t feel tired at the end of the day but
full of energy still.
7. I stopped giving a fuck what people thought about who I am and what I
do in my life, and how many women I date and what I desire. That
doesn’t mean I don’t care about people.
It means I am MORE serious about my life.
It means I am more serious about my goals, my purpose in life than
debating with people to convince them.

I don’t waste time. I am achieving more and my eyes is focused towards
the vision in my mind. I don’t have time for debates. Follow or stay.
Learn or not. Believe or don’t believe is not my concern. I know where I
am going. The train is moving, get on or don’t. It’s ﬁne by me and I hope
all the good for them but I got to keep moving forward.
8. I have learnt to forgive. Though I won’t forget but I have forgiven all in
the past and in doing so, I do not project past insecurities and
experiences onto other people or beliefs, or commnunities, countries
and even relationships. Instead I forgive and accept responsibilities for
my actions and for my own mistakes.
9. I have become more direct on what I want. Whether in social life,
whether in business and whether with women. I will sexualise in the
beginning. I believe in directness when it comes to these things.
I just got to be clear in what I desire.
Women can judge whatever they like but I am not a woman.
I am a man and I behave as a man - direct not passive aggressive.
Saying what I desire without signals, hints, shame of my sexuality and
without guilt. I am not ashamed of what I desire and nor am I apologetic
about it.
This has helped me greately to screen out women so fast but also like a
huge signal to women who look for men like me.
I made it easier for them.
It also made me respect women who say no. That’s ﬁne. I don’t see it as a
rejectio but that she hasn’t what I need and I haven’t what she desires
either. It’s not personal. If I don’t get a yes or a no, but lack of clarity, then
I will take it as a no. I don’t like people who are dubious, who have no
conﬁdence to say what they want or what they don’t want.
I also make it easier in business what I want and know what someone
else wants. clearly on paper. This has changed my life in a huge way.
Many people are not direct, giving out hints, signals and waste too much
time. I don’t like to assume but have clarity.
10. I give a lot. I believe in giving and I believe when someone gives of their
knowledge or of wealth, it will help lives. Even though it may not seem
so. I feel we need to give even if we feel we have nothing.
We can smile. We can give time to talk to someone who hasn’t much
companionship. We can give in many ways. In giving, I am really taking.
It helps me to grow inside as a human being in a world ﬁlled with
technology, misunderstanding, divisions and wars.
It helps me to believe there is good in this world.
I have given much of what I have which is why my home is sometimes
simple but I am not materialistic. I like to travel light and just give more.
The more I make, the more I will give. If I could, I would like to have my
life end where everything I have is given to whoever is in need, to lovers,
relatives, friends and whoever is left to take.
Travel light. We can’t take it with us anyway but why not give now while

we are alive and well, fore there are so many who desire even a smile, a
hello and “Hey I was thinking of you, missed you a lot!”
It doesn’t need money to give.
14k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

What did you do as a child that you hid from your parents?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Answered Nov 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was lucky. My mum made tons of the arabic sweets and left them in fridge. She
then went to visit someone and said she be back really late.
My friends came by that day and I thought…
It’s just a few to eat and give to my friends.
Well, the few became more and soon we have eaten all the arabian sweets. I
realised as my friends, one by one left for Halloween, I was in trouble,
Now, I didn’t know much about all these traditions but I learnt about Trick or
Treat. So I went with my friends with an idea in my mind.

I got real busy. I took my mums Shopping Trolley and went trick or treating. Like
my life depended it.
If I can get tons of sweets then my story would be ok.
I could say…
“Well mum, I thought I let these British people get a taste of our culture, eat some
sweet but they eat it all. But…they gave us all these sweets back.”
I got to work.
Going to lots of houses and where I used to live. It isn’t called hilly city for
nothing. Up and down the hills of houses.
I got back home with the Shopping Trolly full of sweets and felt like I was badass.
I banged them in a big bowl. Lots of diﬀerent sweets.
Mum comes back and she sees these sweets and asks where they are from.
So I said…
Me -I thought I let these British people get a taste of our culture, eat some of our
sweets but they eat it all. But…They gave me all these sweets back.
Mum - Oh I cooked them for you. Your friends would have enjoyed them too.
Then she walks oﬀ into the living room.
If only she knew the hills I had to climb to get all these sweets. This was one of the
many I had to walk up to get Trolley ﬁlled with sweets. She probably knew I was
lying through my teeth…

2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best compliment you have ever received?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best compliment…

I was talking to a woman for a year using skype. The attraction was there and so
we talked back and forth. Sometimes I was really busy due to the work I was
doing and there was also the time diﬀerence.
Then she was busy and so it was a juggle at times but we got there. Distance was
never an excuse. We were mature and we knew what anything takes to make it
work whether it is meeting each other or for relationship.
One day, after a year of talking she smiled and then she put something on the
screen.
“I’m not joking. It’s real. I booked a ﬂight. I’m coming to see you.”
We met, we walked to check out the sights, we talked, we did all we said we would
and we made love.
Week later she left and she went on to live her life, got married a few years later
and once in a while, I do hear from her, and it always starts..
“Do you remember..”
And we go over the memories…like we are experiencing it all over again.
7.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

Why do I keep liking guys that are out of my league?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Same old story. Girls rationalising the decisions to make us guys believe they fall
for guys because of what they say…smart…cute etc..
1. It’s not that they are cute. They are a challenge
2. It’s not that they are smart. They are popular
3. It’s not because they are etc…but because other pretty girls dating them.
So you are pre-selecting them.
Every other guy around you is invisible.
You know, values, that makes you think you’re so valuable, you got status and
makes you look so cool in front of others.
Let’s face it….there are tons of other guys who are not..
1. A challenge
2. Popular
3. And don’t seem to have options of pretty girls dating them.
And they are saying the same thing about you.
“How come all you notice is these guys and not the them who desire you?”
Because you are no diﬀerent to these cute guys you complain about. These guys
are not a challenge for you.
They are not good looking “cute.”
They don’t have status and popularity.
Moment they do - your perception will change.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

What can non-religious people do to help religious minorities
like Muslims who are facing bigotry in the West?

Adam Taha, See a human being instead of a label.
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t have to be a non-religious or religious. If we see something no matter
what, just don’t let it be. Do something about it because it can make a diﬀerence
not just to that person but everyone around who is looking.
I know it can be diﬃcult, with social pressure and fear of getting hurt.
Even if it means, making the person who got hurt, feel someone else cares.
There’s too much pain, anger, divisions in world as it is. The last thing we need is
to see another human being as a religion, or gender or anything else.
I’m not saying it’s easy. Just saying there is always something good we can do to
make a diﬀerence to how someone feels.
836 Views · View Upvoters

What extremely simple things can make someone more or less
attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

More attractive:
1. Conﬁdence
2. Humour
3. Positive attitude about yourself
4. Positive attitude about your body
5. Positive attitude about your sexuality
6. Positive attitude about expectations in life, goals and achievements
7. Observational skills: taking interest in the person and listen carefully
what they share including any sexual conversation as this shows you are
into the person.
8. Conversaional skills: respond in kind when connecting emotionally and
learn to take what they said and increase emotional and sexual tension.
9. Smile more and have a positive attitude about life
10. Hit the gym, look after your health
11. Dress smart or at least dress in what makes you comfortable/cleanliness
Less Attractive:
1. Complaining why XYZ doesn’t happen for you
2. Speaking doom and gloom about life often
3. Speaking about past relationship negatively and also when you haven’t
yet become intimate, have history together, had sex, relationship etc.
Sort that out ﬁrst and leave who you was into, like and usual stuﬀ until
then.
In other words, focus on what’s in the person front of you. Get that build
ﬁrst if you really are attracted to the person.
4. Speaking negative about yourself
5. Being insecure about your appearances
6. Being insecure about your body
7. Being insecure about your sexuality

8. Haven’t a positive attitude and high expectations of life
9. Playing mind games and hard to get
10. Not keeping your word. If you promised something, deliver. Don’t let the
person keep guessing.
11. Not responding in kind when someone spends time conversing with you
12. Not listening to person who you spend face to face with and glossing
over what they said when they spend sharing how they feel about you.
They will respond like wise if that’s how it is. You’re not special to the
person until you behave they are special to you too.
13. Having frown on your face and not smiling enough
14. Following social norms and peers too much and not blazing your own
path
15. Lack of direction and goals in life or at least interested, hobbies, passion.
16. Too inﬂuenced and worried what society or friends think
17. Too shy and too tmid to say how you feel and speak your feelings
18. Passive aggressive - and not showing you got an opinion
19. Unhealthy habits and not looking after your body/cleanliness
Work on a few or even one to start oﬀ and I’m sure it would beneﬁt one’s life.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

Does It make a girl less attractive if she has bad skin or
blemishes or acne on her face? Would that matter to guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the guy. The way it depends on a girl.
We see most girls look for the look and then complain how most guys go for looks.
So you need to appreciate how it is in the real world.
That some guys will not care and some will.
To believe all guys will not care is ridicolous. It is how it is. So don’t worry about
those guys who see your blemishes and care more about the guy who sees you,
who likes you for who you are and not some bad skin.
You are more than skin.
You are more than what you look like.
You can use all that is within you if you learn to be conﬁdent and embrace all you
are, and not give a shit what most guys who see blemishes think.
At the same time, you then need to see guys for who they are.
You need to look beyond the look.
You need to also look deep inside a guy and not play some silly games, teasing
him on what you got to oﬀer and holding things back - playing hard to get which
insecure people do, telling him stories about someone you like, some guy out
there, and ignoring when he speaks emotionally to you because he hasn’t the look
or because you want to be a challenge.
You want to be a challenge?
You want to be attractive?

Forget your blemishes and bad skin and focus on your passion. Look after your
health. Dress good like you’re making things happen. Get busy with your life in
pursuing whatever you want to achieve.
Have goals and these will stand out much more than bad skin and blemish for the
guys who look for substance, depth instead of just the look.
There’s more to you than bad skin and blemish.
If I hear that from a woman when she talks to me and other insecurities, it will
turn me oﬀ but if she stands strong, smiles, excited about life, believe, I will want
to know more about what is going on in her life.
Some guys will not care.
Some guys will.
Focus on the guys who doesn’t give a shit and who look for more than bad skin
and blemishes. There’s more to you than this.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

How do I have to behave with a girl that plays hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t see in your details that..
1. You approached
2. You was playful and fun
3. And striked a conversation
All I see here is a girl looking and you are all in your heard assuming lots of
things. If you haven’t approach, then do so. Stop looking too much and don’t
worry about her friends.
Be conﬁdent.
Focus on girl and start talking but work fast as girls hate someone getting all the
attention and they are there twiddling their hair.
766 Views · View Upvoters

Girls seem to act weird when I talked to them, what could I be
doing wrong?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re reality is bigger than their reality, they can’t help but be in your reality
but you’re reality is tiny, tiny mate.
They feel awkwardiness and they are already awkward so that make their reality
huge. Then you become awkward. Before you even seen these girls you are in
your head instead of just letting go and have fun.
Get out of your head and this time, focus on the…girls not your insecurities. Make
your reality HUGE. Like you are meant to talk to girls and stuﬀ the social pressure
you’re feeling. Forget all these social norms about not talking to girls and all the
stuﬀ that has been conditioned into your head.
No one cares mate.
No one is busy looking at you wondering anything. They are ALL scared. Every
person around you are scared. Think like that.

They too got insecurities.
Even the extremely attractive girls got insecurities so big you won’t believe. I date
them. Women extremely attractive and they are so insecure about their their
body, their ass, face and what other people think about them.
I keep saying they are gorgeous but still, they still think their ass is this, or face is
that, or hair this, or thighs are that. I stopped even bothering complimenting
because I can’t be assed hearing the same thing.
You’d expect them to be conﬁdent but no.
Most are worried about what someone else thinks of them.
Like the way you are. Always in your head. So much so you forget to focus on
bringing fun, the vibe and just let go.
So you’re not the only one.
They all have it and all you got to do is realise that and walk in like you own the
place because you ﬁgured out a secret,
They are probably more insecure and scared of social pressure than you are. They
are more worried about what their social peers think than you.
They are more worried what you think of them and what their friends think of
them, and what society thinks of them.
Seriously mate. I’m in my 40s and when you get to my age and experience, you
don’t give a shit anymore with all these worries.
You realise that no one gives a shit what you say or do. That everyone has got
problems, everyone is worried about some insecurity about themselves and
scared. They are just wearing social masks, hiding it all, pretending they this or
that but really, when you get down to it, they are no diﬀerent to you.
Human beings with ﬂaws and imperfections.
Like all of us.
Now when you look at it this way does it make you think..
“Holy shit! I’m awesome! I can bring so much value in people’s life.”
Yes, you can bring the good vibe, the strong state of mind, the excitment, the guy
who brings value and can take any hit.
He can stand up for himself if some girls acts all that without worry of losing her.
He’s not an ass kisser.
Make your reality BIG by assuming you know these girls, you know this
environment and what you’re doing is the most natural thing in world.
And if any act all whatever, don’t fall for their reality.
Lead. Educate. Rise above their poor mentality and educate them..
“Hey listen, I’m being sociable, hoping you’re not social inept like most girls but
conﬁdent, fun and great to talk to. I think you all are from looks of it. So who’s the
shy, the mysterious and the adventureous amongst you guys?”
Get out of your head and focus the cameras out there not at you.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I best deal with a girl who's playing games and being
hot and cold?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let her think she’s got something going on and you just approach lots of women,
and have fun out there. Let her pretend she got something going on.
I have women like that who try that shit and well, it gets boring and I lose
interest. Also I have options. I don’t reward this behaviour with instant contact
and spending time with them.
I’m a busy guy and so if women do that and if all I hear is nothing about me, no
emotional connection, how they are into someone or they get cold, it’s ﬁne.
They will know because I will spend my time elsewhere with women who spend
more time in talking to me, being emotional connected with me, who sexualise
deeply with me and who arouses me.
This isn’t play hard to get.
I am busy..
1. Coaching on dating and marketing for life
2. Producing my album which takes me to travel to other countries
3. Working with DJ’s to produce vocal loops they can use for their mixing.
4. Writing my books that take a lot of my time testing things out ﬁrst.
5. Getting work for my website ready
6. Booking travel plans for Paris, Italy and other countries before year ends.
7. Preparing other future business i.e. fashion clothing line and meeting
manufacturers in future and talking to them at the moment
8. Getting my own magazine produced and ready
9. And also meeting other women, dating, relationships
You see. I am not playing hard to get. I got an awesome life and so, when a woman
gets my attention she better realise, if she bores the shit out of me with hot and
cold, or anything that’s not really helping, she won’t get much of my time.
I’m going to put my time elsewhere, with other women.
This is what you do. Focus on your life and create also options in having lots of
girls you connect with and leave standing.
So relax.
1. Just go out there, make it happen for your life.
2. Create options in approaching lots of women.
3. Let her think she’s making you jealous or whatever she is doing with her
hot and cold bullshit
4. Let her tease by holding back whatever. Laugh it oﬀ. You got exciting life.
You won’t care because you got a busy life and have options.
You care about what she’s doing because you are not busy and haven’t any
options. One girl. Some girl who pretends her life is exciting but probably, which
is mostly much of the time…boring shit, medicore, repetitional life.
That’s what I do.
It makes me laugh when they do all that bullshit. I’m in my 40s so I know why,
what and I just ignore and keep my state of frame.
I ignore everything else they are doing.

Sometimes I roll my eyes at things girls do like we haven’t seen this hundred
times over. So laugh it oﬀ mate. Let her pretend whatever .
I got 4 sisters man.
They think I haven’t seen that bullshit before?
I am dating multiple women, and grow. They think I haven’t seen that insecurity
kicking oﬀ before?
You just have options and you’ll ﬁnd you’re world is more exciting, bigger, with
lots of girls who do show intent and who do respond in a manner that shows they
are into you. You won’t believe how having options changes everything.
How it also changes how girls see you.
Yes it works. This is better than playing hard to get.
Insecure, low self esteem and low value people play hard to get. Conﬁdence and
high self esteem create an amazing life, are busy with it and they have options.
Don’t fall for girls or guys saying this and that.
Create the options and no girl, I mean no girl can shake your state of frame. They
can go back to their boring shit life while you have your fun.
Just know, girls they always want attention.
They exaggerate their life for you to make them seem high value.
My age mate, I have done all the shit they tell me. It’s ﬁne I hear it but when they
start thinking this is suppose to be high value, it’s not.
High value for me is someone who shows their feelings to me, love, kindness,
puts time in who I am, share their emotional and sexual feelings to me in detail.
That’s high value for me.
Not what person they are into, what they hold back like it’s something I haven’t
got tons of and much of what most do.
1. Take the attention away from her.
2. Put your attention and time elsewhere where it is respected and
meningful
3. Limit it because you have a busy life and not because it’s some tactic.
Until she behaves in a consistent respectable manner then she gets low interest.
Maybe not even that. Zero.
You don’t need to deal with their shit.
27.3k Views · View Upvoters

If I sing in a Boltonesque style, can I get girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know why you got to complicate things. Thinking you need to do that to
impress girls. You know what really gets their heart racing?
Someone who has conﬁdence and approaches.
That is best song to their ears with so many guys who think they need this, that,
and this to impress them.

Stop impressing and just approach because for all you know, it maybe she ain’t
attracted to you in the ﬁrst place.
So invest less by stop overthinking you need something special when you don’t,
and just approach and be conﬁdent, have humour, be fun, converse.
That is a song that will do more good than anything else.
Don’t complicate what’s already complicated due to people playing dumb games,
signals, hints and thinking they got to do something special.
You don’t need to do anything big.
Approach, don’t impress and have fun.
854 Views · View Upvoters

This guy doesn't initiate anything. Is it because he isn't
attracted enough to me? I have to throw myself at him or give
him clear signals to make a move, which he actually responds
to very quickly.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, you have what is known as a guy who doesn’t know how to lead.
He’s very inexperienced because when you’re experienced, you don’t look for
signs at all. In fact just to let you know experienced men do..
This was from a few days ago from a woman I met last week. I screened out quite
a few women and felt she’s someone to focus on most…
1. I use text for fun, remove awkwardiness
2. I increase later through back and forth, sexualisation indirectly
(subcommunication)
3. I later increase to direct sexualisation and women do back to me.
4. It becomes hardcore, sexualisation. I totally escalate the shit out of it and
I aim to screen out women who are oﬀended.
5. I now move to phone and we laugh what happened on text and we talk
about what we want to happen i.e. meeting embrace, kiss.
6. We play sexual game, and we go from light to hardcore. I won’t go into
detail. Use your imagination.
7. Now I lead to meet face to face.
Meeting Face to Face..
1. Immediately, due to removing awkardiness and have been direct,
leading and being timid, we embrace, kiss.
2. I take her hand and we laugh, talk about the texting, phone and we have
fun. Bye, bye social norm awkardiness.
3. As we go and drink, I am playful and she is too.
4. Physical touch while conversation.
5. We go out and walk and checking places out, and we also kiss.
There we go.
I don’t follow rules or social norm rules and any who do, gets screened out
immediately.
Why?

To avoid what you are going through.
What to do now?
1. You need to lead with the guy you’re with.
2. Be open with him. It will be ﬁne.
3. Pick up the phone, be open with him, direct, playful way before you
meet. Just say what you like to happen and you’ll like to know how…
he….feels about it?
You can even start with a story on how people make dating so awkward
and list them with him and laugh about it, and say how it’s not the 1950’s
anymore and ask him what he thinks.
By doing this it lowers the psychological wall and fears that you are
someone who might judge him but since you talked about it, since you
was not bothered about these social norms, he now can be.
He probably slap his hands on his forehead without you knowing and
think to himself..
“What am I doing? I need to lead!”
And let him know you like men who do lead, who do take risk and even
explain how they do it. Again, use some examples, stories, make it fun,
lively so you both laugh about it. Bring those walls down and remove the
awkwardiness to zero.
4. You’ll hear him give a sigh of relief because he just heard what he feels
too. It will remove the awkwardiness.
5. Communicate. Open, honest, direct and escalate the heck out of. Let go
of the social norms. It’s killing the good you got going.
This is called Early Frame attitude in dating and we use in in business, in
marketing. It is in a way to prepare someone else to be ready for the message and
what is going to happen.
It is also a way to screen out and ﬁlter targeted prospects or in dating “screening,
ﬁltering and ﬁltering in people..”
This is why it’s best to behave honestly and direct in the beginning stages of
communication before you meet for dating.
I do it all the time. I teach men and women to do this and it has helped them
greately to screen out people who have some perconceived social norms, beliefs
that are old, come from supersititious times and are social norms that do nothing
but make dating and relationship building diﬃcult. It kills attraction and even
the romance.
It’s being too serious.
You need to let go and be fun with each other. Dating suppose to be fun, you both
enjoy each other, open and honest.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it considered rude not to update an answer with a “thank
you” if it receives a lot of upvotes?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Please for the love of all that is good..

Do not write thank you for votes. Or..
“Yeah thanks you. For the 4,000 votes. Wow.”
Honestly, I read a good answer and then they bang that at end. Really mashes it
up. So no, don’t thank for votes.
Thank them by writing more valuable answers. Pay back in that way for
community and your followers.
Oh wow. Thanks everyone for your £1,000 each you’ll send me for reading this
answer ;)
Yeah right. That be the day :)
855 Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with mean comments on your answers?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see how world out there is like? Tripple that for online because they haven’t
the balls to meet you face to face and say it. Hiding behind a screen.
You think I debate with everyone out there or even bother, like I need them to be
convinced about anything because I need to be right and get approval?
No, I don’t.
How I deal with it?
I removed the comment. Done.
I’m not here to debate. I’m here to share knowledge and busy out there to focus
on my purpose in life. I got a life. People follow and apply or don’t.
That’s their life.
People believe or not, it’s not an issue for me.
People got issue of disable or not disable comments, let them debate all night
long. It’s their time not mine.
People think they know better?
Awesome. Knock themselves out and write their own answers.
Honestly, I am done debating, done with the negativity, spam, and labeling, and
comments that has no relevance to the answer.
So I removed the comment.
That’s how I dealt with it.
Calm and peace at last.
812 Views · View Upvoters

Why do some teenage girls like rude and arrogant boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The girls like conﬁdence because..
1. They know what they are going to get. It’s honest
2. They know what the guy is. Certainty.

3. They don’t make nice, polite as their agenda but says what they want.
Direct
4. They know the guy isn’t some pussy footing apologetic guy. Identity
5. They don’t put girls on pedestals. They have options.
6. They know if they fuck with this guy, he will walk. He has balls.
7. They don’t follow the crowd. Unique
8. The girls only see courage, strength. They are not weak
9. They don’t turn oﬀ their sexuality for fear of losing the girl or being
judged. They don’t give a damn if some girls comes out with the crap “oh
boys just wants sex,” and “they just won’t comitt..”
These guys will dump their asses there and then.
Girls think every guy is desperate for a relationship and have sex dangled
like a carrot. Not with these guys. So girls KNOW and they made their
choice and if they bitch about “oh he used me,” they are full of crap.
They are the same girls who do down on a guy and give a blow job. The
same guys who chase a girl who lives in a diﬀerent city and ride him. The
same who have sex toys under their bed. The same girls who fantasize
and who text diﬀerent guys ﬂirting and doing all sorts.
They same girls who experiment with other girls. The same who watch
porn movies on how to have sex. They know what I am talking about.
So don’t feel sorry for them when they crying over some bad boy. They
knew what they going for. They are not fragile and princesses like
Hollywood and Disney loves to sell to society.
They know what the deal is and probably grow into older women like
most, bitching about how these guys did this and that.
Giving you some stories on how bad boys and lovers end up lonely.
Bullshit. They end up ﬁne and have an exciting life.
Yes, they bitch because they had their fun now, had their sex now and
want to look innocent to everyone, be part of the “sensible” crowd, like
they never did this, to attract stability value from men they ignored and
won’t take a second look at them if they were still 16, 19, 15 or even 30
years old.
The biological clock is now ticking.
Their resources of men have dwindled.
They get vex when the older guy is dating younger women but they had
their chance when these older guys were young guys.
Tables has turned.
By the age of 50 most women will pretending and rationalising how good
it is to be single, and they are not botherd if they ﬁnd a man. That “we
got standards..” (roll eyes).
You don’t need to look far. Just go to lot of topics on Quora and you’ll
easily identify such women. Then remember what you read here.

Now let’s go on the ﬂip side of the coin…
1. The other folks hide their desire and sexuality. Dishonest
2. They don’t say what they want. Lack of uncertainty.
3. They are timd, passive-aggressive. Lack of conﬁdence.
4. They are apologetic about what they want. A pleaser.
5. They hesitate and put girls on pedestals. Low self esteem.
6. They fear taking action. Fear of rejection. They take too long. Low self
worth mentality.
7. They fear the crowd, fear of rejection, wanting to be validated, approved
and to ﬁt in. They whine and bitch all day about how the bad boy, the
rude guy, the arrogant gets the girls. As always not unique and orginal.
8. The girls see timid, passive, weak who is intimidated by girls. If he hasn’t
the balls to do that then how can he even at a psychological at least make
her feel safe against the tough world? He’s weak.
9. He always turns oﬀ his sexuality because he fears he’ll being judged as a
man with a dick. He’s going to pretend he isn’t like OTHER men. He’s
going to tell girls he’s a nice boy, a good boy, a potential for boyfriend
and she can wait as long as she wants to decide.
That he’s diﬀerent, than THOSE rude, bad boys, lovers type, and her ass,
tits and sex never crossed his mind. No. Never.
Same old story being said again and again
While others see arrogant and rude, girls see conﬁdence, attractive and there’s
more…
The girls have the right to date whoever they want. No guy is entitled and ask why
girls do that.
These girls do because they can. They want to. They choose to. If they want to
date conﬁdence, arrogance, rude, that’s their business and no one elses.
14.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad thing to want to have "relationship goals"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with asking what you want as long it wasn’t in ﬁrst week of dating.
But…if I was with woman and she wasn’t intimate in ﬁrst week, never mind two
months, I won’t even bother.
You make emotional connection, intimacy and sexuality as if it’s some cold
business process.
“relationship goal?”
It’s like friend pal, platonic kind of relationship not a boyfriend, girlfriend
relationship that I see going on.
You might as well just be friends.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sadie Rooney

Is it worth to get closure 6 months after break-up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People say they want closure. No, you want and looking for hope. If they really
honest with themselves they know they have an excessive emotional and
psychological reliance on their ex.
There is no such things as closure.
I don’t know how many people I know who went through this, back and forth,
and rationalising..
“I want to meet and know why they did this and that. What did i do wrong. I didn’t
talk and discuss.”
It’s neediness. It’s desperate. It doesn’t do anything to bring closure and it won’t
bring an ex back or get someone to treat you right or in ways you desire.
She comes to your mind a lot because you have a set of beliefs that is pounding
your mind. Internal personal issues that is deep inside of you. You don’t need a
deep conversation with your ex.
You need a therapist to sort out the issues within you.
The other person won’t want to talk about it. They don’t want to linger in past as
you do. They have moved on and you need to move on.
You want a discussion. Talk to a therapist or get writing on paper and bang all you
want to say and burn it. Then move on.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What's the secret of a happy relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no secret. Most people look for secrets like it’s going to make life easier
for them. That it means they don’t have to go through making the tough decisions
that will propel them forward to be in a healthy relationship.
Communication is where many fail in and either they are reading each others
mind, or ﬁghting instead of focusing on building a healthy relationship.
But there is a bigger problem and it starts way in the beginning. The place where
most just don’t take care of.

In the beginning, before even meeting anyone they let their insecurities decide
for them. They ﬁnd themselves in abusive relationships, in relationships where
the other person doesn’t care much and doesn’t give much eﬀort.
It goes on for years, like we got forever when we haven’t.
The day we are born, we are not young anymore.
Time is ﬂeeting.
Life is short.
But they keep put, keep going back to that same person which avoids them to ﬁnd
happiness. They keep going back because fear of abandonment, codependancy
can act like a drug. They call that love.
The amount of people I know who have seen the warning ﬂags, again and again,
but they still won’t learn from their mistakes because of this…
“Codepdency - excessive emotional or psychological reliance on a partner.”

They get treated like crap and still they want the person back. Still they are asking
why does this person do this to me.
Because they KNOW they can and until one learns to stop being a doormat and
wake the hell up,and focus on their life, nothing is going to change. They put the
whole life on whole for people who don’t give a damn.
Then rationalise they are saving them and all kinds of reasons when it is the fear
of being alone. They don’t think..
“Hang on! If I attracted this person so I can do it again and attract someone else
who is better at treating me with love, respect, compassion and who will help me
to grow as well..”
These people get help but their friends or even experts had enough of them to not
bother helping them because they don’t comitt to a decision to move on with
their lives. They become selﬁsh, use people to get emotional support and they
continue to waste their years away.
Thinking they will live forever. Like they got all the time in the world to go back
and forth, back and forth to some guy or woman who doesn’t give a damn only
when they see the person WILL ﬂy away.
Then it’s diﬀerent, more promises, more tricks and more manipulation.
1. So the ﬁrst step is know what you want in a relationship.
Forget society. Forget what mummy and daddy said what a relationship
is. Forget what your friends or the Disney and Hollywood nonsense.
Get real with it.
Figure out what do you want in a relationship before approaching
anyone you are attracted to.
2. Know what you don’t want.
You don’t want someone abusive. You dont’ want someone who is jealous
and possessive. You don’t want someone who tries to control your life
and making you feel shit.
You don’t want someone who brings you down with on and on
negativity. You don’t want someone always trying to tell you what you
are not and what you can’t achieve in life and what you are not capable
of.
You don’t want someone who is still wondering about their ex or some
guy who they been seeing for years and haven’t moved on. They need to
heal. They need time. Leave them be to heal or make a solid decision in
their life. Be tough on yourself or life will be tough on you.
Know you can do better than this.
3. Compatibility.
It is an attitude. A process in which you ﬁnd the person who is willing to
work together, for each other’s happiness. That doesn’t mean you leave
your goals and dreams like love is about you sacriﬁcing your life.
You have your goals, your dreams, your career, your individuality,
network of friends, interest but you both work together towards building
a healthy loving relatonship.
Example, I won’t be with someone who wants monogamy and I make it
clear from day one. I won’t be with someone who doesn’t want sex. I am a

sexual man and high sexual.
That tells me there is no compatibility.
So be honest in knowing what you want and to not get involved with this
idea you can change this person to what you want them to be.
4. Be prepared.
Invest in knowledge in building your own conﬁdence, self esteem, social
skills, communication skills, relationship managment skills and yes,
seduction, sex knowledge and skills.
This is something most do when it comes to relationship. They don’t prepare,
gain knowledge and skills because they think love is enough.
Love is never enough.
3k Views · View Upvoters

He loved me when he was in my city and he moved to other
country.I kept texting him for four years.Will he come back to
me and realize my value?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Seriously?
Let me ask you a question. Where is your standards?
Is this your standards? Someone doesn’t give a shit, and you keep sending
messages and never replied, and you keep doing so for 4 years?
That’s your standard of a man you want to go out with and be with?
Seriously?
When someone I send a message to, doesn’t answer, you won’t see me chasing for
4 years. I’ll not send another one but have moved on.
They don’t deserve my time. They don’t deserve my attention.
They get a chance but after that, if they don’t show some respect and show me
interest, and just dissappear, you won’t see me waiting around.
You won’t see me trying to send more messages.
One week is enough to tell you…you need to move on. Let’s even stretch it further
- one month. If you don’t get a reply, move on.
It’s called self respect.
You have 4 years and you still didn’t get it.
592 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

Do girls and women like if boys kiss their belly and suck their
navel?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not from my personal experience. The women I’ve dated all were diﬀerent.
Some don’t like kissing on their belly and sucking their navel. Some will.
Some women don’t like kissing on earlobe and some go wet when you do it. Some
don’t like your ﬁngers running through their hair but other women do. You’d
meet some women hate you push their hair behind their ears and some love it.

Some don’t like their pussy eating.
Then you ﬁnd women who love you to go down on them and eat them out,
wetting the bed sheets. Some don’t like you using ﬁngers and some like you to.
Some want more and others just once on that night.
Some women very sensitive in certain areas while other women are not.
Some women I’ve met love sex everyday, some just twice a week, others just once
and you’ll meet some, who don’t even desire sex at all. Some women hate doggy
style and others love it, some like this or that.
Some are inexperienced and some are reserved, while others are experienced,
open minded, conﬁdent and want a man who is the same.
How will you know?
You communicate, talk and don’t be timid about it.
I talk about sex early.
After rapport I talk sex and some show they are oﬀended and some…love it.
Those who feel oﬀended I don’t bother meeting them. I found out what I need to
know. I like a woman who is open about discussing about sex.
They love a conﬁdent man who isn’t apologetic about his sexuality and doesn’t
make it awkward, fearing to speak about what they desire. They feel they can be
open and talk exactly what they want in amazing detail. They will also share what
they don’t want.
Women will also share what they haven’t experienced and would like to try and
others, well, they like to keep it as a fantasy in their mind..
Make sure to communicate, don’t be timid, passive-aggressive.
Even in the bedroom or wherever, communication is happening. I’m listening to
her rhythm, her body rhythm, her groans, and I even communicate with her
verbally. I know before we even get there what she desires and what she doesn’t,
what the boundaries are etc.
And I don’t stop listening to ﬁnd out much more.
14.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do the majority of guys automatically judge fat girls and
write them oﬀ without a second look?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Probably because…
1. Social conditioning
2. Magazines covers
3. Billboards
4. TV
5. Commercials
6. Movies
7. Children books about princess
8. Romance novels with women
9. Commercials with women

10. Celebrities who done plastic surgery and most people thinks they look
like that because well…they just like that. No consideration of money,
coaches, teams they got, and can aﬀord certain food consistently.
All of this = Perception.
Second, you probably going for guys who are looking for a woman who looks
like…

11.2k Views · View Upvoters

I ﬁnd it extremely diﬃcult to converse with a girl due to my shy
nature. How do I get over it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re going to go against a lot of social conditioning and you’ll feel the social
pressure big time. The way to get over it is don’t get over it.
Go through it and don’t let it go through you..
The steps below as you continue reading.
You do this gradually because you’re own mind at the moment is not used to take
one massive leap to apprach girls you are attracted to.
You’ll shut down immediately because the pathways are not built in your mind to
have such social instinct.
For social instinct you need to develop, it has to go through a process gradually..
1. Take action on speciﬁc actions that you want to be good at. Focus on one
action i.e. approaching. Nothing else. You only ever move to other
actions when you got really good with the ﬁrst one.
2. Consistency. Each time you do it it sends messages to your brain.
3. The consistency builds up in your memory to now engage the brain
4. The brain begins to help you develop your social instinct because you
gave your mind real life examples. You gave it lots of data to work with.
This is why you have this anxiety but now it will get easier for you.
The fear will always be there but you will be emotionally strong. You’d actually
feel like me. Loving the feeling, the adrenaline and using it to your beneﬁt. It will
still be there but you’ll gave mental toughness and this comes from doing the
steps I have said, over and over again.
You have to be consistent or it’s not going to work for you.
If there as ever an easier way I would have found it. There isn’t mate and I would
hav shared it with you. I could just write to make you feel good but it won’t
change your life. It won’t help you feel growth and conﬁdent.
You will ﬁnd yourself happier when you do this and I know it’s not going to be
easy for you in the begining but that time will pass too.
You’ll appreciate what you are reading here one day when you have done these
steps and you will wish you did them way back because you’ll feel stronger, much
more conﬁdent and girls will be at awe of you due to your conﬁdence.
Right now the pattern is not there and we as human beings are pattern
recognition machines. It’s how you remember how to do skills, how to go to
school and back home, how to go to work and back home etc.

You consistently put the work in starting and doing small steps consistently and
build up, the brain will create new pathways or ones already existing to be
strengthen,
Hence, the pattern = social instinct.
You need to do a lot of it before the pattern is set within your mind and also your
habits. The importance is in consistency.
1. Approach girls you’re not intimidated by and ask for directions. Do that a
lot until you a comfortable. Comfortable?
Always use the Time framing so it shows you’re not going to be talking
long..
“Hey there, I only got a minute but do you know where the HSBC Bank
is?”
Make anything up. Make sure that place isn’t in front of you ;)
2. Approach girls you’re not intimidated by and be more conﬁdent by
looking at what they wear and say something about it. Don’t give a fuck
about whether she acts this way or that. Detache from then outcome. Do
lots of these. Comfortable?
3. Approach girls you’re not intimidated by and this time use humour.
Humour is where you will see you don’t give a fuck anymore what some
girl thinks of you.
Example, you see a girl with glass in a shop or cafe, or school, then..
“Hey there, I only got a minute but I just wanted to ask, do you wear
those glasses because you’re smart or you’re just pretending to be
smart?” (give a smile, a cheeky grin)
Or you know the place is right in front of you or few steps away and you
ask a girl for diections…
Me - Hey there, I only got a minute. Do you know where Kasbah Cafe is
around her?
Her - It’s here in front of you
Me - I know. I had to make some excuse to talk to say hi (smile), hi my
name is (your name), so you like latte or cappuccino?”
Look it doesn’t matter if she is no and all that.
The Key is when you’re comfortable, start pushing it further. Don’t stay
comfortable because look where comfortable got you?
You did all these and you feel “DAYUM! I can do this.”
4. Approach girls who don’t intimidate you but this time try and start a
conversation. Learn to expand it a bit more without being boring.
Do a lot of this.
Comfortable?
Then you would have talked to tons of girls and it’s become a habit and it
be easier now to approach the girls you REALLY attracted to.

It is time to use all your experience and knowledge to achieve that one
goal. All of it has helped you to do just that….
5. Approach the girls you are attracted to and do the same steps with these
girls, one by one, wherever you see them. Like you don’t give a damn
what society thinks and who is watching.
That got you nowhere. You know that didn’t work for you and it will
never work for you or anyone else, if they want to do this.
Keep approaching diﬀerent girls you are attracted to. Forget about
dating, forget about relationships and sex, and just do this.
Get yourself ready by doing these steps ﬁrst because there’s one thing I
don’t do. I don’t teach any guy to attract women for dating until they do
these steps and even more.
First focus on your mind and growth.
Dating can wait.
Enjoy seeing and experience girls as human beings. Love being around
them. Make them laugh. Don’t worry about this shit called friendzone.
You don’t give a damn. You are not trying to date them.
The priority is building you from the inside and showing you that they
are like you, human beings, with own insecurities and sometimes have
much more insecurities than you.
I know, I date extremely attractive gorgeous women. They are human
beings. They have lots of fears. They have desires, hopes, aspirations and
even sadness too. Human beings.
Get rid of the idea of the “one” girl.
That wil tear you apart as it has for many guys who put girls on pedestals
because of their neediness. Also, you will ﬁnd you can’t really connect
and get to know girls at a deeper emotional and rational level when you
see girls in that way.
You miss out a lot and you only get used by girls who love attention and
who will use guys like that. Yes, there are girls like that, the way there are
guys like that too.
All the best and be patient. It will take some time.
Enjoy the process of growth and knowing girls, conversing and having
fun. Let it go mate. Just ﬂow with it and you will have changed your life
for the better by these steps.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is making out with a guy wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love has no blame on this.
This is about you living in a society that is socially conditioned, with perceptions,
religions, cultures, social norms and tradiitons.

You know this very well.
Don’t see the world for what you want it to be. See it for what it is and then be
smarter in managing the logistics by not putting yourselves in the position when
you know what majority of people are like.
They have their heads up their asses with social rules.
Even if you you had sex right there, the sex isn’t wrong.
What is - you both needed to be mature and smart about this.
You don’t put yourself in the position by being in that environment which gets
people to assume something. People will always be up their asses judging.
Thinking they are better than someone else with their righteous social norm
bullshit.
So do whatever. Kiss, blow job, he eats you out or fuck.
Just be smart. Be mature about things.
You know the bullshit we got to go through. You know this. Your boyfriend know
this and yeah, we’re sick of it but that is the world as it is.
So we be smarter about things. Think way ahead.
Find places that people can’t just walk in and assume shit about you.
This world we live in is still young. Nothing really we can do about it but to live
your life, in the way you want but do it, with maturity and smartness.
Love has nothing to do with this.
Love gets blame for nearly everything when really, it always the immaturity of
people.
Nothing wrong with love but understand you, me, and the few of us who sick and
tired of social norms rules and their bullshit, need to be smart in protecting our
lovers, being good at logistics and ensuring we are 10 steps ahead.
The ﬁrst thing to do is always make sure to try your best to never put your lovers
in a position that they can avoid.
My dick and me wanting to kiss don’t come ﬁrst.
Making sure the lovers I am with are comfortable and they don’t get put in a
position that makes their life harder. Life is already hard.
It will take centuries for people to change.
Don’t wait for them to change.
Be smart. Be mature. Protect each other from harshness of this world as much as
you can.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Does a long distance relationship work if you have never met
the person?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, they work. It’s the people who don’t make it work and that’s where the
problem lies. From experience this is what I feel:
1. Maturity.
Long distance relationship works but it’s not for everyone. First, distance

should never be a sole reason breaking up because many couples made it
work. Yes, many. I am one of the men who has made it work and I know
many friends who have too.
One of my relationships is 17 years and she now is in the same city as me.
Long distance wasn’t an issue when it was started so why be immature
about it by making it an issue for breaking up. So people know that if you
met someone on facebook or anywhere online then the person would
have already known they’d be seperated by 890 miles or more. What
made it work for us and other lovers is this…~
“We both want it and so distance is irrelevant to us.”
2. Know what you want. Openess.
What do you want from this relatonship and does the other person is in
mutual agreement? This is where both have to be open in sharing exactly
what they desire from each other.
Some want a relationship. Others just want sex. Some actually want to
experience all their sexual desires and do it far away from home and
judgmental eyes. Others just want to be friends.
Whatever it is, there is no right or wrong.
There is only knowing what both want and they both agreed on it.
Being open, honest is going to make communication amazing. It will
make the meeting face to face amazing. It will remove awkwardiness.
That means no lying and no painting something one is not. Keep it real
because you will meet and trust is a very fragile thing.
3. There will always be Insecurities
What really gets in the way, is the maturity and next is the insecurities.
You will always have insecurities. You can receive a text or an email and
take it in the wrong way. So issues like jealousy, possessiveness kicks in
then your words or their words become misconstructed and feelings get
hurt. Mistrust starts to happen and lots of assumptions.
How do you then deal with such things?
4. Communication
If people don’t have the time for communication then leave long
distance alone. The distance is not then problem it’s maturity,
insecurities and a lack of communication. Communiction is needed for
long distance to work. That’s where a lot of it’s success came from. If you
don’t have and money, ﬁgure out with using technology. You can now
send emails, send private messages and text..
5. Trust
The core of the long distance relationship is fragile and it’s called trust.
At some point there has to be trust. You need to trust someone and yes, it
is easier said than done when we got insecure people, carrying a lot of
baggage who ghost on people.
The worse you can do is play games and also, not focusing on your lover.
Leave all talk about ex boyfriends/girlfriends, relationships with other
guys or girls alone. Focus on nurturing your relationship not ego, tricks,
manipulation and jealousy. Make every communication you do count.
It’s not easy to trust but there comes a point that if you want it to grow,
then trust is the next factor that needs to happen.

6. Conversation/Seduction
If I followed the mainstream and if I followed so many authors about
dating, I’d have miserably failed because they all say talk to women like
you do with everyone else. Because they all the same..
I certainly never talked to my mum the way I talked to women I am
approaching, messaging and texting/dating. I didn’t with my sisters and
nor did I do so with women co-workers and business women.
There is a language. You can call it whatever you will. Code, this or that.
It exists and those who say it doesn’’t exist leave people to be frustrated
becausse that’s how people rely on these folks. You’re stuck and buying
shit month after month, racking your head on why this doesn’t work.
This was the most powerful because it sandwhiched everything. It made
the conversation amazing, exciting and always.
The art of conversation has truly been lost. Mainstream and many
authors have watered it down to appeal to perceptions that is favoured
by their social peers. It does a diservice to many couples and lovers
around the world because they struggle with conversation.
It’s a skill to not be taken lightly.
12.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of introvert and shy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They are the calm before the storm.
The lightning before the thunder
The night before the sunrise horizon giving birth to a thousand colours
The devilish hidden in their eyes before the orgasmic pleasure
The secrets before the experiencing their fantasies
But one thing you cannot really say….
That introvert has anything to do with being shy
Some introverts will make extroverts look extremely shy. Introverts can be
conﬁdent, leaders, and skilled with socialising. They can be masters of seduction
and the life of the party.
They just, like myself, value solitude once in a while and can work for hours and
days on end, alone. Far away from the crowd and the world can be in choas and
well, we won’t give a shit because we’re concentrating on doing our work.
Maybe it’s a painting. Maybe it’s a new books. Maybe it is pleasuring every inch of
our lovers body to multiple orgasmic events and what you hear isn’t ﬁreworks,
but our lovers pleasure satisﬁed ;)
Just don’t mix introvert with being shy.
They are very diﬀerent to each other.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would a guy want to date a trashy or classy girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Trashy Vs Classy.

You fell for that one too…
Adam Taha's answer to What are some ugly truths of life?
Modesty was never about body, sex and clothes. That was brain washing that was
trained into the minds of people. That’s what we call…social conditioning which
created the social norms.
Modesty was never about revealing nakedness.
Modesty was about avoidance and protection.
From what?
1. From the Jealousy of other women…big hint ;)
2. Jealousy of other men against men, who desires women
3. From conﬂict within the tribe due to superstitions about how body parts
were possessed by the evil spirits. Came from old acient religions and
later developed in future religions that we have in 21st century.
4. Protection weather, hard labouring and insects.
It’s really about social control.
I mean what better to control society than having other people pulling each other
down to such, people get scared to live a life they want, wear what they want and
date and have sex with whoever they want?
You use society. The people themselves to guilt trip, to make someone feel
ashamed and you give them something to use to do that.
You know, what you using right now = Modesty.
The tribal leaders began to spread superstitions that women’s and mens private
parts was haunted by evil spirits.
Women would cover these parts of their body using their hands because they
feared…the evil spirits and did not want to be possessessed. That’s the case for
men in those times.
Many tabboos started this way, with regards to sex, masturabation and having
more than one partners.
The clothes were to protect from the weather, the brute living conditions, insects
but they were also used to condition tribes to shame others who didn’t follow
their rules. They did that someone wearing the clothes to hide their shame.
Think of…Adam and Eve.
The evil spirit the serpent…

Only after, when ships that came from Europe and they stole, raped, made war,
that they came back not just with wealth…but also….the supersitions.
That’s when clerics, religious leaders began to do the same, using the same
superstitions but went even further. They invented the lie that modesty was
about woman and man’s body and sex.
That the devil has possessed them if they have sex outside marriage. That women
who wear revealing clothes are shameful, that they are possessed by the demons
and servants of the devil, and even devil himself.
You know…trashy….and everyone else who didn’t do that had…class.

So they got people spying on each other, pointing at each other, to then burn
women, saying they are witches, when really these were learned wise women,
knowledgeable in science and medicine. They were women who were free, wild,
natural women who desired men as men desired them. They didn’t want
marriage.
They called them trashy.
They called them sluts. They called them whores. They called the men all kinds
of name too.
That they must be covered up with clothes and not reveal their skin. They must
caste these women and men out, for they are possessed by the devil, by evil
spirit…
So if you look at that little piece of history and then you look at where you got this
idea that clothes is about modesty, and how the girls who reveal skin are trashy,
you’ll see a connection.
The connection is called ignorance.
You did the same..
Trashy as revealing skin and classy as all clothed up revealing none.
History repeats itself and people fall for it without even knowing. Doing the same
thing, like the tribal leaders and religious leaders and States.
You are concerned.
You’re just worried about the competition and it’s all coming from your
insecurities.
I’ll date the woman who makes me feel alive and knows how to turn my mind on
and gets on with it.
You can have a woman with nothing on and she be “classy.”
You can have a woman with just a skirt and blouse, revealing all, and she be
“class.”
Trashy for me, is when a woman looks down at other women and using labels like
trashy and classy, sluts, whores, too easy and even players.
That for me is trashy and it doesn’t have any class.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I become conﬁdent enough to feel worthy in front of
someone else?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Nov 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your thoughts.
You are saying things in your mind that is self sabotaging you. Thoughts are very
real. If you are thinking in a certain way that is downing you, then of course, it
will lower your self esteem greately.
Let me give you an example…
All my lovers are young women, they had some growth to do. They felt the same
as you do. When women me and when they spoke, because of my knowledge,
experience in his speciﬁc area, I could hear their words destroying them from the
inside. I know a person by the way they speak and moreso, by the way they
behave because..

1. Sow a thought you sow an action
2. Sow an action you so a habit
3. Sow a habit you create your character
4. Hence then your results in your life
You are then creating the perception on how you see yourself and also, how you
perceive on how the world sees you.
So when you go out in the world the camera of your mind is not pointing
outwards in a way of observing with understanding but rather, the cameras are all
pointing at you, and so you strive to seek validation, thinking..
1. Your self worth is deﬁned by someone else’s acceptance of you
2. Your self worth is deﬁned by how someone approves of you
3. Your self worth is deﬁned by how someone validates you
This is because you was brought up within society like everone else, to believe
that your self worth is based and deﬁned by external objects:
1. The validations from your social peers
2. The job and positioning role of that job
3. Your income level
4. Your looks/appearance
5. You’re height
6. Your colour
7. Your house
8. Your living location
9. Your credit score
10. How many folloiw you
11. How many likes your status
12. How many vote for you
But really, if you step back and see, all of these didn’t exist and come to you
because of approval. They appeared because of your self worth, the value in you
and the value you bring to the table and in people’s life.
So instead of seeking validation, you learn social skills to bring value in people’s
lives. Instead of comparing yourself to others, you invest in yourself to be the best
you can be for yourself.
The beginning starts with your thoughts.
With helping my lovers with knowledge, they exceeding their own expectations
as well as the expectations other people had about them.
That was because the enironment they were in, my home, my lifestyle, and the
encouragement, education in a loving way, helped them to get started to move
forward in their life. They realised they were self sabotaging their own mind and
their own life.
Right now, these thoughts of insecurities, fears, are running on autopilot in your
mind. You are not doing anything to help your mind so it can help you to achieve
success or whatever success means to you.
You need to speak well of yourself.

You need to speak the good about yourself.
You need to speak it like it is has already happened for you.
Read books on how to increase your self esteem
Read books on how to speak to yourself in a way that enriches you
Plenty of books on this subject but it needs you to read and apply.
As for guys not looking favourably at you, you are mistaking intellect with
feelings.
You don’t need to have qualifcations and all that to attract a guy or anyone else. It
needs social skills and being able to be conﬁdent to make someone feel this
feeling that they love to get to know you.
It’s not logical intellectual stuﬀ. Yes, the science is regarding this matter but for
connecting with people, it is more emotional rather than rational.
So don’t be hard on yourself.
We all try to be hard on ourselves and forget the amazing potential and ability we
have within us.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you ﬁnd your identity?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Nov 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Identity.
In the begining you don’t ﬁnd it. You don’t even build it. You don’t even nurture
it. You don’t go looking for it either.
You feel it.
Without the feeling…you are just wearing another mask for validation from other
people.
I have my own quote..
“I do it for the feeling.”
I’ve always been true to my feelings because way back I found out what it’s like to
not be true to my feelings. That’s why whenever I desire a woman, I speak it. I
sexualise to the hilt. I don’t give a damn what she thinks and judges.
If she gets scared, judges me, it’s cool. She can piss oﬀ back where she came from.
Many do but many grow to desire what I have to oﬀer because they feel the same
way too. They too are sick of being two people, wearing lots of social masks and
their desires and pleasures are not being satisﬁed.
This is so with everything in life.
When your blue print in your mind is not lived in the real world, with behavior,
actions and verbalisation too, you ﬁnd a lack of harmony.
You ﬁnd yourself feeling the conﬂict within yourself.
So what I did is simply this…
I asked myself what do I want to feel.
I want to feel happy, content, peace and doing the things I love to do.

The second is I knew what comes with this decision. I’m going to push some
people away, and also push some women away by the way I live my life, the way I
behave and the way I speak. Even by what I write.
That’s ﬁne. I can deal with that too.
When I followed what makes me feel alive, it lead me back to my passion in
seeking knowledge, arts, music and of course, women. Lots of women. I put all
my time in learning how to do all these and more.
In one hand it pushed people/women away but in the other it attracted people of
similar values and women who desire what I desire.
I found happiness. I am content and my directon in life and the purpose is clearer
than it has ever been.
You don’t look for it. You don’t try and built it yet.
You…FEEL it ﬁrst and then nurture all around this feeling.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a beautiful and intelligent girl. Why can't I ﬁnd a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You maybe beautiful but you forgot one thing. You’re not the only woman on this
planet who is beautiful. So sitting or standing pretty and not being approachable,
isn’t going to help.
You can be..
1. Beautiful
2. Intelligent
3. Top high kick ass IQ
4. With 4 degrees
5. Can play six musical instruments
6. Knows 5 languages
But if you’re unapproachable and like most women just unwilling to put
themselves out there then you’ll get the same results as you have now.
You probably have been approached by men but what you don’t tell us is you
reject them because they are not the men with the…..hot looks.
You know, so good looking with wavy hair and six packs, and tall, 6ft2, blue eyes
and blonde hair or whatever it is in your map of your unconscious mind that
preselects a guy.
For women, attracting men can be so damn easy but you either just not willing to
smile, show interest with guys and expect them to land on your lap or just
seriously taking the piss when guys do see you.
Like you expect them to do all the hard work and they’re just like..
“Meh. I’m going to use Tinder. Can’t be assed with the hassle. She doesn’t look
friendly at all.”
But when it’s some hot guy, well, very diﬀerent.
Now then smiles come out.
It’s funny you see because I see women on here and see them talking diﬀerently
to some guys. For a good looking guy who they see their photo, they are all about

“Oooh how are you, so missed you” and thats in the comment section, “how you
been? Gone on a trip, so missed you, we should get together..for a drink.”
Then I see a diﬀerent guy and same women blasting away at him like he’s a
nobody with “you’re not entitled blah blah blah.”
Funny how a photo changes a woman’s behaviour.
Same out in world. Funny how behaviour changes the guy is good looking and
then smiles are out, the hips sway, then tone of voice down, and all that ﬂirting
kicking oﬀ with heavy subcommunication sexualisation.
Thing is, lots of guys are not bothering and using Tinder and many websites.
They are creating options and that means, most of time, they don’t have to
approach women in streets or anywhere else.
19.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why would this guy abruptly stop texting me after two dates?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can never know. It can be anything. I doubt it be that he thinks you’re easy,
desperate or whatever the social norm bullshit like to condition us with.
I see you as conﬁdent and wish more girls were like you, conﬁdent, high self
image and secure about your sexuality.
So don’t let this and anyone try to say anything else.
This is not your problem. It’s his.
If he has dissappeared then it can be he got guilty due to maybe dating someone
else. Maybe he didn’t tell you the full story and didn’t realise it can happen for
him. Or he just shy as hell and doesn’t know what the hell to do because from the
looks of it, you was leading and he was not.
That’s what I am seeing here - that you’re the conﬁdent one, you’re the one with
high self image, you’re the one who initiates and leads while he hasn’t.
Avoid seeing it as something to do with you.
It’s not.
It’s something to do with him.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend just landed a great job while I can't even ﬁnd
internship, what are the odds that we will remain together?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget what you cannot control. Do this man..
1. Focus all your attention on applying to get internship
2. Don’t do anything else like going out, drinking and all that.
3. Keep focused on doing that.
You know why?
No, not impress your girlfriend but for your own future.
This isn’t about “not good enough for HER..”

Has nothing to do with her. Don’t point your insecurities because someone is
doing something. These insecurities of yours have been there long before you
met your girlfriend.
Now they are resurfacing because that’s what fear does.
This all comes from your own ego.
To control.
Control is fear based. It’s the fear of loss.
It parylzes you and takes you away from the real focus which is to celebrate her
success and to then get to work. If you need help then ﬁnd someone to help with
your CV or whatever it is you use to appy for internship.
Use social media well by connecting with recruiters on twitters.
Go to network event for your type of industry and work.
Invest in interview skills and social skills
Align your focus away from fear and towards your growth
If it wasn’t your girlfriend, it be some guy who has bigger wage, or bigger car, or
bigger house and on and on it goes. Comparing yourself because you think your
self worth is about external objects.
You attach what your self worth is to someone, a girlfriend, a job, a wage, the
looks when really, you need to focus on the actions at hand which is..
1. Congratulate your girlfriend
2. Be happy for her
3. Read knowledge, books to help with your own self esteem
4. Get to work in applying, in your future because worrying does nothing.
Now shake yourself out of it man and get back on track.
Don’t let your state of frame and mind get shaken by then illusions of this world.
Align your focus back into the work that moves you closer to your goals.
Is this what you’re doing, worrying, trying to control, helping you to get closer to
your goal?
Ok then. Stop doing it and focus on the right thoughts and action that helps you
to achieve your goals.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

If I was dropped in Antarctica, naked and in the middle of its
coldest winter blizzard, how much would I suﬀer, and how
quickly would I die?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your ability to think will go and I haven’t even mentioned the pain in your chest,
frost bites and the heat from your body. You’ll suﬀer from serious Hypothermia,
where the body loses temperature and be at a dangerous level.
You won’t even know it early enough for you to move your ass to somewhere safe
and warmer.
Your body needs that heat and if it doesn’t create it then your body won’t
function to protect you. Clothes as an example perserves the heat your body
gives, so imagine you standing naked.

You will have minimal movement to get to safety. it will wind you due to the
extreme cold air and low pressure. It be like someone running around you and
throwing a punch in your gut, once every few minutes and you’ll be winded.
It will bring you to your knees and your eyes will go, you won’t be able to see
where the camp is. You’ll try to move but your body feels heavy, like it is being
weighed down by tons of heavy lifting weight.
Few years will feel like you are walking up steps covered in ice. Extremely slow
and exhuasting. You’ll try to scream for help but you can’t even get a sentence
out. Never mind a word.
You will only hear help..in your head.
It be like the worst nightmare you ever had but this won’t be a dream. It be real
and you will ﬁnd yourself preparing to die. You’ll start to shiver and then tremble
violently as your mind starts to wander oﬀ to some happy thought because your
brain is trying to protect you.
You’ll see yourself probably having a laugh. and riding your bike, playing football
and seeing yourself in a cozy home as you see all the faces of your loved ones.
You’ll begin to see your regrets and all you wished you should have done and said.
Your shivering slows down and you are now numb, cannot move at all because
your muscles have tightened.
You then see squirrels and you’re like “WTF.”
Then you’ll see sheeps jumping up and down, and like it’s a sunny day.
Then you see some sexy model walking about in a bikini and if you’re into men,
well, imagine the one you fantasize about. Yeah, the fantasie you pretend you
don’t have. That’s the one.
Your pulse and your breathing slows down.
You can’t hear anything now.
You’re reﬂexes are totally gone and your heart is kicking oﬀ like it’s a punching
bag..
Boom! Boom! Boom!………
Boom………..Boom……………………………………………..boom.
Your heart stops beating.
The brain centre stops working.
I don’t know how fast. I have never done it before and I won’t.
Just using my imagination with some science.
615 Views · View Upvoters

My guy friend has been sending me a lot of kisses recently but
now it has been three weeks and he barely starts the
conversation. Shall I worry?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You saw him as a guy friend? Bullshit.
You loved the attention. When he realised, you was nothing more than seeking
attention and emotional support…he dissappeared.
He was waiting for you to make the move, show him you’re interested in him.

You didn’t and so he categorised you as nothing more than a girl who just wants
attention. He didn’t want to waste his time and moved on.
In other words, ﬁnd some other chump to send you lots of kisses ;)
Or if you want more…ok then. Contact him and say it. Say you’re interested in
him and like to meet, for a drink to know each other.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

After 2nd dates, I regularly hear "blah, blah, blah…I'm not
ready to date yet.” How do I ﬁgure out the real reason girls don't
like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From reading it sounds like…
1. You’re playing safe
2. Before meeting you didn’t create early frame attitude but platonic
- Conﬁdence. Detached from the outcome.
- Humour. Playful, fun, relaxed, calm. Making her smile, laugh,
experiencing exciting.
- Sexually aggresive in your tonality of speech and words instead of
hiding your intent and your sexuality.
3. You didn’t use text and phone to arouse her mind and turn her on
4. You didn’t build on the attraction by being playful, fun and lead
5. You couldn’t do physical touch and kissing, holding hands, embracing
and closeness because you started way back in beginning too serious
6. It was boring for them and they weren’t excited due to logical approach
Now all you got to do is learn exactly what I mean and learn how to do all that in a
manner that this time, you be bolder from the very beginning.
Let me put it this way..
Before I met the girl, she already knows I am playful, fun, sexual guy. I screen out
girls who up their asses with insecurity regarding sex, being fun, and yes, I do
look for relationship but not until I have had sex, and that there will tell me a
whole lot and more afterwards too.
When I meet the girl, she already knows in a sense what’s going to happen.
Immediately we kiss, embrace and hold hands. I lead. This was covered already
that it will happen with fun, role playing on phone and any woman, any doesn’t, I
don’t bother meeting her. I’m not wasting my damn time living like it’s the 1950s.
As we walk I am talking in a way to capture her emotions, arousing her and I
know she’s getting turned on, as I also use physical touch.
I talk sexual and get her to talk about sex too, and know how to make her
comfortable to do so.
I bet you right now, most guys don’t even do that.
Why?
“Oh she’s a fucking princess. So innocent. Never masturbates, never thinks about
sex, no, she’s an angel.”

Or “what will she think of me. She won’t see me as a nice guy, gentleman.”
Putting her on a pedestal. Scared of losing the girl. Attached to the outcome like
there no other women on this planet.
Why do guys let women assess them when they also need to push it and assess
the women too! But they don’t.
I only spend 90 minutes on a date, no longer.
Many guys spend way too long and talk far too much, and lots of logical talking.
They don’t connect to women at a deep emotional sexual level and rationale
level.
I don’t go to resturants on dates. I take my lovers to resturants.
I don’’t take women to cinema. I take my lovers to the cinema.
I don’t spend lots of money on women. I spend it on my lovers.
So your problem will be from the very beginning which sets the behaviour of
yourself and the girl categorises you as the nice guy, the platonic guy, the guy she
can’t see herself having her brains fucked and being in a relationship with.
Try write down from start, write to then end, what you do, and see if you played it
safe.
What was your mindset from the begining? Was to impress the girls or to connect
emotionally?
Do you know how to connect emotionally with women with behaviour and
conversations?
Did you build too much comfort in the beginning by asking or letting her ask
questions about you, your job, blah blah blah?
That’s comfort but small talk. Bores the shit out of people but all pretend all is
going great. Instead change it to more of story form, more fun, playfun as well,
don’t ask dead questions but rather more interesting questions that isn’t about
job, and usual stuﬀ..
Do you know how to dive in converstions, moving from one topic to another, and
build bridges with conversations to arouse, to ﬁre her up to talk about
what..excites…her and gets her eyes light up?
Do you see any blind spots that shows you were focusing on the fear of losing the
girl instead of just doing whatever you want, being fun, playful?
Did you approach it logical?
Did you really know how to capture her emotions and ignite her imaginations?
Do you see areas in which you need to gain more knowledge and skill in?
So step back and see the blindspots and slowly tweak, reﬁne until you get it
working for you, with your personality.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girl agree for coﬀee or walk even if she has a
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Have you ever noticed girls date one guy and later on break up and date
another?

2. And usually it’s some guy she just met who was more fun, more
experienced but won’t let her treat him like some chump?
3. Have you also noticed some girls have friends who are guys?
4. That they have drinks together, go to bars together, drink tea together?
Hell I have had women invite me to their homes, by grabbing my arm and saying..
“Come to my place. I need to help me remove some spiders. I am SO SCARED of
spiders.”
Oh wait. Sorry man. These women who were scared of spiders, their creaky
BEDROOM door, the squeaking BED, were women I had sex with. So scratch that
part oﬀ.
But others from 1–4 you get the idea.
I do have women I am friends with but I am not attracted to them at all. You
know, we have drinks, coﬀee, visit bars and all that. Just friends.
I’d never date them and made it clear from day one..
“I only see you as a friend. You know that don’t you?
“Oh yeah. I’d never date you, anyway”
“Thank god for that.”
“WTF! What did you say?”
“I said, did you see that massive bat??”
“Hmmm. “ (giving me the evil eye).
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend keeps saying he is an alpha male and insists I
obey him. It’s his way or no way. I feel like I have no self-esteem
left. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re both not compatible with each other.
His language is saying..
“I am a Dominant Man” but he takes it too far in being dominant as either it is my
way or no way. You either follow, do as he says, or it isn’t going to happen.
So understand the man you’re with and the language he’s speaking.
He’s into very submissive women and I mean, women who are extremely
submissive and want that in their life. There are women who desire this kind of
man. No need for labeling the guy and all that “run” talk.
Or you’ll never learn from this.
He’s a dominant man, very aggressive type with you. Maybe outside with other
people he isn’t but with you he’s like that because he knows he can be. He only
wants his way or nothing else.
This from what I am reading is not for you. It is conﬂicting with your own values,
your emotional needs and it’s harming your self esteem.
Ask yourself what do you want in a man then ﬁnd that type of man. You went for
this man and he’s dominant type but extreme.
Learn from it and then make sure you take time to get to know the man you want
to have a relationship with. Know what you want in a man and be good at
selecting such men into your life.

Not everyone needs therapy.
Some people, this is their personality, who they are.
It’s not about changing him, but you seeing yourself grow. He’s already said what
type of man he is. If you can sit down and get help together then ﬁne, but if he’s
not agreeing and he sees it this is who he is, then no one really should say he
needs therapy and trying to change and ﬁx him.
Instead, you focus on you, on what you want and ﬁnd a man that has the traites,
qualities you desire, and not someone hammering at you, and toxic for your own
self esteem.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know that you're in love with a boy or that you just
simply like him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remember when I was doing many of my anime drawings, and before I began to
move towards doing more real life kind of art, I was stuck with this same question
for a female young warrior I was developing.
She asked the same question in the story.
I could have got her to know the answer.
I could have got her to share some amazing insights about love, how it feels but
like always it wouldn’t be true. I wanted it to have meaning, saying the real deal.
So I paced up and down to then picked up my guitar to play.
At that time I had a piano. I am so shit at playing it but I banged away. I’m more of
a guitar person but then I stopped because the answer came to me. I went back to
my drawing board and scribble the dialogue fast…
As Kazi was walking with her master towards the 5th battle..
Master - What’s on your mind?
Kazi - It’s going to sound stupid
Master - Go on
Master - How do you know that you’re in love or you just not into the person in
that way?
(Master nearly chokes on his apple)
Master - I see.
Kazi - I mean, I never fallen in love before
Master - Before the ﬁrst battle, did you know what courage is?
Kazi - No master
Master - How did you know you had courage?
Kazi - I never knew until I did what scared me the most, many times
Master - That’s how you will know.
Master - If you haven’t loved, you will never know until you show vulnerability,
love someone, feel the joy, and even the pain. It be diﬀerent to just liking
someone.

Kazi - It’s just..
Master…you’re just..scared of getting hurt?
Kazi - Yes master
Master - Same with the boy we left at the town
Kazi- WHAAAAAAAAAAAT? You knew! I mean I wasn’t…
Master - Whatever
Kazi - It wasn’t like that. I was just..
Master - Looking?
Kazi - Yeah
Master - That’s what all the students say until they come bitching to me, crying,
and saying thet will never love again
Kazi - But do you, you know, love again?
Master - Do you stop being a Ninja after many battles lost in the beginning?
Kazi - No Master
Master - Same with love. You’ll love again, if you stay couragous.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How would a wise person, an intelligent person, and a
knowledgeable person react diﬀerently in the same scenario?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Knowledgeable - will provide a collection of information on the problem and the
diﬀerent solutions to apply for this scenario
Intelligent - will know how to practically implement the knowledge and each
solution.
Wisdom - has the experience to know how to lead and manage each others egos
so they focus on the solution that’s best suited for the scenario.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mehran Jalali

I’m in a long distance relationship and bf is not very talkative.
He also doesn't discuss plan about the future. Should I hold
onto it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He isn’t certain about you. Man who is certain about a woman, long distance will
talk about the future with her. He is not talking a lot because he probably doesn’t
want to say anything that gives any sign of future expectations.
That means, he is not sure about the direction with the relationship.
When a man is truly into you, has fallen in love with you:
1. He will speak with certainty. He will project conﬁdence in that he will
meet, there will be a future and he desires it so with you.
2. He will speak of the things he desires to do with you, experience with
you, in romantic and even in sexual terms, to such you can feel his desire
and it will turn you on.

3. He will also share his thoughts with you, he will converse, and he wil
have a lot to say. Long distance needs communication and if he’s not
saying much then he is uncertain by saying “he needs to ﬁgure things
out.”
I would be open with him, say what you said here, regarding his communication
and what it is he is trying to ﬁgure out because there isn’t one person in this
relationship but two; so ﬁgure it out together.
Say to him directly what it is you want.
He probably needs to hear it from you.
So be honest with him about your feelings and communicate them to him and see
how it goes from there.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe in love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do you still believe in love?

Yes, very much so. I believe it and nothing will ever stop me to believe in love. I’m
a big romantic but I also believe, love is not enough. It ﬁrst needs the other
person to also show intent of interest with me and it’s not one sided.
And there were other things too.
I invested a lot of time in gaining knowledge and experience in the following:
1. Social skills
2. Communication/Conversation skills to sexual arousing skills with
speech
3. Flirting techniques
4. Sexual experience
5. Relationship management
6. Psychology
7. Development of my self esteem/self image
8. Knowing how to approach and identify the type of woman I am looking
for and avoid the women I don’t want. I don’t just go for looks. I look for
compatibility etc.
The knowledge in them and more has helped me to give love the help it needs.
The women I date also beneﬁt greately from the knowledge and experience.
These skills allow me to help the relationship to such a level, that it has enriched
the relationships I am in with the women I date.
So I believe in love, will always believe in it but I am mature about it. I know it
needs help and I know I got the knowledge, experiene and conviction to make it
work.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

I've met a girl and we spoke a bit about each other. I invited her
for coﬀee but she said she has a boyfriend.But I dont
believe.Wht should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if you believe or not.

She has said to you what the boundaries are. Don’t step over them. The only thing
you need to know is she has shown her intent by what she said.
That she is not interested.
Girls say a lot of things instead of saying no because how you now behave. If she
said no, you’d behave the same.
This is why girls don’t sometimes speak openly by saying NO.
Because needy and desperate guys who when girls say no, they still assuming,
still pester her, still chase, or call her bitch, slut, whore or she is lying…and all the
crap under the sun.
So instead of saying no, they say…
“I got a boyfriend.”
“I am too busy to date.”
“I’m not looking for a relationship right now.”
It doesn’t matter if she said these or she says “no, not interested.
Take it as a no and move on, and that’s good for you.
You can move on and approach other girls. Don’t chase and orbit around her and
pester her. Just use your time wisely in approaching more girls.
772 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a guy jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I received an apology. It took her 2 years to do so.
Why she apologised?
One night at a party, a young woman saw me there. I’m in my 40s. I saw her
looking and so I approached immediately, smiled, ﬂirted, playfully.
We exchanged numbers afterwards and I had to leave. I had a prior engagement
to go to and it was important to go.
Then in that week, the games started. She was doing things to try to get me
jealous. At ﬁrst I just saw that she was immature and let it go once.
But then she did other things and so, I backed oﬀ.
I never text or called her again.
2 years later, I saw her again at a large shopping store. She came over and after a
few small talk and while walking to the cafe shop upstairs, she apologised.
“Is there any chance, we can start all over?”
I said to her what I am saying to you…
I like a person who admits their mistake. It takes a lot of courage and I admire
such qualities in people. I just wish she got to know me but because of what
happened, it created a wall between us and 2 years, without communication, has
in a sense killed attraction for me and any interest I had back then.
She apologised again, she was sincere and we parted ways.

It never ends well when you do these things with conﬁdent people. It also attracts
the needy men, the men who have low self esteem, and who will not have the
stomach, or the state of frame to be with you.
He will be possessive himself and jealous type as well.
Like does attract like.
In other words, you don’t attract what you want.
You attract who you are.
If you want to attract men who are secure in themselves, who have experience in
life, knowledge, and more sexual experience you can even dream of…best you be
authentic, conﬁdent in your own skin, focus your energy in your buiding your
own self esteem, and get to know the guy.
Because you might meet a man you really like but he won’t be able to get past that
wall you put up. You’ll frustrate him that in itself kills attraction. You don’t make
a man jealous, you arouse him, you captivate him by you using the tools you
already got.
Your smile. Your eye contact. Your lips. The way you sway your hips. The
approach. The tonality of your voice and physical touch conversation.
Your….personality. Your intent from the beginning.
That you desire him and he then needs to show the same.
You don’t need social construct things to do what you desire to do. You just need
to use what you…already...got, which is within you.
20.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with the regret not of approaching a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

With Massive Action.
This was way back and I was in the same position as you. It is for this reason why I
always approach.
One time, very young, as a teen, I saw a girl but I did not approach. She was
looking at me a lot. I mean staring. The problem I had at that time, is I haven’t yet
transitioned into the belief system I have now in my mind.
I was still at a cross roads.
A place where I was in a community with religion, cultures, very strict and also
was steeped in superstitions. So though I desired the girl I had big decision to
make. Making this decision would make me stand out so big later on because in
the world I came from, you are prohibited to date girls, touch girls, speak to girls
alone, even music such as guitars, and singing, painting women and all kinds of
erotica which I now do.
So when she later walked away, the regret kicked in.
But it got me to realise, I have to decide how I am going to live my life. Either
follow the world I was brought up in and didn’t believe in, which was rigid, which
just wasn’t for me, or make the transition, leave the community, go out there and
do what I got to do.
So I decided to live how I wanted to.
I overcame the regret by MASSIVE action.

I got so busy, I had no time thinking about some girl I didn’t approach. What
I created in the future was much more fun, dating girls, sex, relationship
that reduced regret to nothing.
This is the same with looking back in your past too.
If you regret your past, if you feel pain in past then focus in the present or you
sacriﬁce your future. You do that by massive action in the present and the
moment you do, you create a momemtumn that creates your future.
Focus just on one action. One. Approaching girls to engage a conversation. That is
it. Just do that and forget everything else.
Your goal - Approaching 10 girls a month and converse with them. Overcoming
your anxiety of social pressure.
You want to approach more girls? Ok then! Do more! The more you do, the bigger
you become inside of yourself. The more experience, the more blind spots you
see, the more you learn and the more you battle with yourself to ﬁgure how to get
stronger.
Notice I didn’t say date a girl.
I said approach girls and engage and converse.
Just get good at that. One goal and hammer it.
Not going to be easy for you. I understand but the more you do that as you detach
from getting a yes or no, the experience gives you conﬁdence. You walk away
feeling awesome because you did something for the future.
So let go of the pressure of getting some validation.
Forget whether then girls will be interested in you.
Forget whether they will like you.
Forget the big picture of dating, relationship blah blah blah. Forget all that. Just
focus in going out and talking to girls. Ask for direction, comment on their shoes,
comment on their trend, comment on way they walk in a positive way.
Just don’t give a fuck and approach, engage and talk, laugh, have, leave them
better than you found them.
Then do this again and again, and again.
One goal. Massive action.
You are at this moment in time not focusing the right actions and so, you’re
thinking too much about her.
I put MASSIVE action in approaching girls. I approached when I started 10–
15/20/30 girls a week/month.
I banged up these numbers later on and I did it not to have a girlfriend but to
learn.
You are not learning.
You are not growing but looking at one girl, and waiting…waiting..over thinking
about it when you need to learn from this lesson.
You don’t invest a lot on a girl who isn’t interested in you. You don’t know her.
You don’t know if she was available. If she looked and stared. You don’t know if
she be interested in you.
So you don’t think “she is out of my league.” and “she might not like me.”

There is no need to seek approval, validation and acceptance. You approach with
the mindset to talk and as you talk to see if you want to invest time with her, if
you’d want to date her, if she’s sociable, if she’s fun or up her ass with insecurties.
You’re approaching to asses her as she assess you.
So you don’t even think about asking her out until you make that assessement
when conversing and only then, if you think “yes, I think I’ll ask for her number,”
then you do so.
Many a times I don’t even ask a girl out. I found that her personality, what she
said, how she behaved, or something that said to me..
“Nah. I could better. Not for me..” And after conversation I walked away.
Forget looking at girls with this social norm mentality and ways..
“Oh she’s THE ONE.”
Instead “I’m going to see if she ﬁts with what I want and if she hasn’t got what I
want, I am walking away.”
And when girls say no, I see it as this..
“She hasn’t got what I want. Awesome. Next.”
I don’t see it “Oooh she rejected me.”
She knows fuck all to reject anything. She is saying she hasn’t got what I want and
that’s how I see a no. That she hasn’t got what I want and that’s ﬁne.
That’s a diﬀerent state of mind to “she rejected me.”
The other lesson is, you need to snap out of his social norm bullshit, where you
focus on one girl like you’re going to have a relationship, marry and have 4
children, with a house and white picket fence.
You are not ready for any of this.
You need to grow, approach lots of girls to get good at overcoming your
insecurities, and get good at ﬁrst approaching to strike a conversation, while
having fun. Learning to do just that for the ﬁrst 6–1 year.
You can forget dating.
You can forget sex.
You can forget relationship.
You’re ﬁrst role is get good at approaching, good at conversing, good at being fun
and playful when doing so, and detaching…from…the outcome.
So put massive action.
You’re over thinking.
Spending way too much time thinking about this one girl.
Get out there and approach and be so busy, you have no damn time thinking
about this girl. You’d have a lot of fun, she be a distant memory you will laugh at.
You might even meet her again but you be ready, you’d have the conﬁdence,
knowledge, skill and experience to just approach and do whatever.
Now pick yourself up mate. Wipe away the dust and hammer it.
That was life giving you a lesson. Pick the lesson up and ﬂy with it.
10.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are some ugly truths of life?
Adam Taha, Life is a one way ticket. Make it a amazing ride.
Updated Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People say and even parents say, even teachers say, even your friends say, and the
whole damn world says….”be yourself. You’re unique.”
Then when you do be yourself..
“Oooh did you see what she was wearing, so revealing!”
“I know, what a slut.”
“I hear she slept with 10 guys at the same time.”
“What you on about? You did it with 15!”
“OMG! Shhhh. Don’t say it so loud. People might think we’re diﬀerent.”
“He’s such a player. Just want sex.”
“Yeah he is.”
“ What are you saying? Didn’t you date him for 6 months?”
“Shhh. I don’t want my other friends to know..”
Yes, be yourself but in a way that makes them comfortable, validated, accepted,
approved to ﬁt in their world.
The world we live in is ﬁlled with people with their own perception and they will
like you to know, well, shove it down you, that their perception is right, it is the
truth and being “yourself,” doesn’t really mean being yourself.
Being yourself to them will mean…
1. Please don’t be some rebel and turn out totally diﬀerent to how I want
you to be.
2. Whatever you do, don’t mess with my social reputation
3. Whatever you do, don’t go oﬀ dating so, so, because it makes me, we and
us, look bad.
4. What will the neighbours say
5. What will my co-workers say
6. What will random people in street say
7. What will the boss say
8. You will lose friends if you try dressing up like that
9. You’re hairstyle will intimidate other people
10. You won’t be able to ﬁt in
11. Women don’t approach men. Don’t be daft
12. What? You’re dating a 40 year guy? You’re only 18! You can’t. I said be
yourself but with MY RULES.
13. What? You’re dating an 18 year old but what will the other family and
cousins will think of us.
14. The social standards do not accept this. You need to change this and this
and this, Oh and this too.
15. No, it’s impossible and anyway, it’s not you, is it? (roll eyes)
People tell you all sorts but really, they want you to do it in a way that makes
THEM feel comfortable.
Much of what we follow is steeped with superstition, and that is what social
norms is and comes from. All designed to social control the masses.

The word Decent.
The word Modesty
These word have been corrupted and designed to nothing more but to make us
feel ashamed, guilty and follow the social norms favoured by one’s social peers.
These were created for Capitalism and States.
These words, burned women as witches. These words, got tribes to believe that
their body, their private parts were haunted by spirits, evil, demons, and to have
sex without following tribal rules, is seen as a woman and man possessed.
That they must be cast out from the village.
When someone gets isolated and cast out of the village, it is suicide. You’re on
your own and you got predators of animals but also other tribes too who can hunt
you down. You got the weather too.
So they would turn their back on them.
They judged them as shame, unclean, untouched, possessed by the spirits. They
must put on some cloth to hide their shame, so they avoid the spread the power of
the evil spirits on them.
They must cast them out from the village as a warning to all. Their nakedness
stands for shame and are guilty of an act punishment by being removed from the
tribe.
They are the fallen ones.
Familiar?
How about a reminder..

So now you are ﬁghting to make sure you get validated by the tribal leader and
their followers. You better not slip up. You better watch it or you too will be
shamed and your nakedness covered up. If you show skin, you are inviting the
evil spirits…the devil.
If you have sex here and there, you are possessed by the evil spirits in which they
believed they haunt the private parts of women and men. So if you even step out
of line, well, you are done.
You lose everything and seperated from the woman you’re with.
You’ll be thrown out and she, well, she be shunned for a long time. She be seen as
unclean. The untouchable, a dark spirit has over taken her.
Even…burnt alive or hung, or cast out from the village. Or if she conforms, then
maybe, just maybe they’d arrange her to be the tribe leaders servant.

How about the ships that came to these countries, visited these tribes, stole,
killed, raped, ravaged, and then came back with the old acient superstitions and
knowledge.
It worked within these cultures then why not use them as a means for social
control throughout Europe and everywhere else?
Hey, not one nation can say they didn’t do this, so I’m not bashing but getting you
to see the ugly truth.

You go to the west and you see people bitching about how an 50 year old women
dating an 18 year old. Then you see people bitcing about 40 year old dating an 18
year old girl.
But if you go to Asia, you see it is the norm that young women are marrying older
men. You go there and say that shit and they will tell anyone who say it to shut up
and don’t attack their culture.
You see that the west is social conditioned and Asia is socially conditioning, and
the East is socially conditioned, in a diﬀerent way!
So anyone tells me about how an 18 year old dates a 40 year is so far fetched has
their head up their ass because they are not talking from their own program.
They are speaking perception that was PUT IN THERE from the system.
This is then darkness of social conditioning.
You think you know, you think your way is right but really, you’re just talking
perception. You’re just saying what you was TRAINED to say.
You have become a…Witch Hunter!
You’re doing the job the system designed to do. To label others, judge others,
point, isolate, bully and I won’t be surprised if we lived in those times, you’d
follow the crowd shouting, with ﬁre torches and watch people get burnt.
You will cheer as they do.
How about Bonﬁre night because that is exactly what you do. Celebrating some
guy getting burnt for trying to overthrow the system.
You can’t make this shit up.
We got a history full of this.
They shipped it to us and suddenly we got the same poison that happened way
back, in acient superstition times in our homes, in our childrens minds, in our
sons and daughters minds, and in front of us all…the TV!
They started hunting women and burning them, calling them witches. Anyone
having sex outside marriage was seen as possessed and a devil worshipper.
And if you went against them…you was cast out, a rebel, a regenage and your land
was taken by the state. Everything you worked for was gone and your daughters
taken and your sons put to work as products of the state…soliders for the Barons,
Kings or Monastery.
If you knew science, if you practised it, they’d come for you and say it is witch
craft. These women were learned. They had knowledge!
They didn’t fall for this nonsense.
They saw it for what it is. They didn’t want to follow the social norms. They didn’t
ant to follow superstitions. They wanted to march into the future.
So they started educating others. There were men was also learned but they were
forced, tortured to say they were seduced by the witches and their devil. When
done, they killed the men as well and burnt the women.
Those who also sided with them got similar punishment.
They took the lands of so many people, taxed others up to the hilt and suddenly
we got the same thing that controlled the men and women in acient times.
It’s called…fear.
Another word for it is social conditioning.

Social Control…
So now people began to adopt, follow, change, until it became acceptable and
everyone had to be careful because you could be next.
You might be judged, burnt or hanged.
So you had to work to seek approval, acceptance, hang around the same usual
crowd and be careful who you talk to. Making sure the leaders, the preachers, the
clerics, the witch hunters was on your side.
The way you must have lots of likes, votes, tweets because that means what you’re
saying is…true.
That you are valuable.
If you had millions of followers on Instagram, you will see Capitalism at work.
You see the corporations start chasing you and throwing money at you for you to
advertisse their products and services.
You see how this works now?
You see how society has been built with this shit?
How we all now chase being accepted, validated, approved and then more people
do it, then more you get voted, people will BELIEVE you’re so valuable. That you
must be true.
That you must have talent!
This is how messed up it is. Call it for what it is. Bullshit is what it is and we took
it all in and we embraced it and we shoved it down our children brains.
Now your children see themselves as failures.
If they don’t get approved = failure.
If they don’t get accepted = failure.
If they don’t have friends = failure.
If they don’t have a girl/boyfriend = failure.
If they don’t have a degree = failure.
If they don’t have mortgage, credit card = failure
If they are talented but alone = failure.
If they are average looking = failure
If they are good looking but no friends = failure
If they had only 5 followers on here =failure
If they had no friends on facebook = failure
If they have lower followers on instagram = failure
If no one is buying their work = failure
If they come third in the race = failure
If she can’t dance but enjoys dancing =failure
If he can’t draw that good yet but loves doing it = failure
If he/she is not famous = failure
If he/she doesn’t succeed in business yet = failure

You can’t get away from it.
It’s everwhere!
The printing press kicked in and the fear increased..
Monks began writing about modesty is about sex, about your body. This was
happening in other worlds too. In Arabia. In China. In USA. Everywhere! The
machine working on overtime.
Modesty was never about sex, and the function of body. Nor was it about clothes.
It was about avoidance and protection.
Avoidance from jealous women and men. Avoidance from tribal feud. Also
insects and weather.
But they attached modesty to sex, sexual body function to…clothes.
“See how many girls wearing revealing clothes!”
“OMG! Look at how she is dressed. No shame!”
So began then slut shaming and manwhoring labels and distributed the materials
that talk about those who have no shame, who are possessed by evil. The devil is
getting them to have SEX!
The devil is with them when they have sex without marriage!
The evil spirits has possessed them”
“Find them. Tell us who they are or they will plague your harvest, your children,
your wealth and…we’ll tax you even more until you give them up to us! We’ll help
you raise in stature. We’ll remove poverty from you. We’ll make you known and
popular! We’ll make you feel and look…..NORMAL!”
They went to war with people, print lots of stories, scare people and even get
them to feel ashamed about their their body, about sex, and put labels like loose,
unclean, slut, whore, too easy, player etc.
Do that often enough, circulate that lie enough time and people begin to believe
in the lie. They adopt because if they didn’t then their..PEERS will get very upset,
and call you a slut, whore, too easy, evil, possessed by the devil too, a player.
You could lose your land, your name, your reputation, your job.
You’d be seen abnormal
Insane
Possessed
Untouchable
And you ﬁnd yourself alone, isolated for all your resource to dissappear.
You won’t have all these men wanting to marry your daughter, or your son won’t
be able to marry someon else’s daughter.
What you have here is the birth of social conditioning…
Training society to behave in a manner to get a certain type of response from
their social peers. If you don’t adopt and follow….you are judged, isolated, labeled
and humilated.
How does this impact your life?
You are born into this world.

For the rest of your life you are going to seek approval, validation, doing all for
acceptance and to ﬁt in. So much so, you will ﬁnd yourself not knowing who the
hell you are.
Now don’t get me wrong.
Healthy validation is ok.
You want to get paid for your work. You want to be rewarded for doing more for a
company. You want to hear your loved one say they love you and feel all fuzzy
and awesome.
You want to get credit for your ideas, talent and any work.
You want your friend to smile and shake your hand.
You want mutual respect as you work as a team.
You want your mum/dad say they care and love you.
You want to know you did well in whatever you want to achieve
But we have to have balance because…
Validation can also…stop you getting what you want.
You might have a passion for something but it is prohibited within the culture
and religion you have born in. You might love to draw, paint, design and it is
prohibited to do so.
You might want to be a enviromentalist but your peers want you to be a doctor, a
lawyer or an accountant.
If you do it then you will lose any support, you will get your peers angry or
whatever they try to guilt trip you with.
You are attracted to a woman and you’re older man but she’s 18 or 20, or 24 and so
you start thinking about what others might think, what you’re friends, relative
and people you don’t even know might think if they saw you together.
You want everyone to know but you can’t, not just yet. You want your relatives to
know, friends to know but you’re forgetting something.
You’re in a diﬀerent religion but the other person is of diﬀerent race, culture and
might not believe in religions. Or does but a diﬀerent ones. You wonder about
how you will “shame” them and what it be like if the community knew.
What if the man/woman can’t handle his/own own shit and leaves you. How can
you face them now? You’ll be alone.
You’ll lose everything.
What is important here?
An amazing relationship, real love, a rich experience, a long life amazing
relationship or validation?
You start doing things on how it looks for other people.
You even compromise what you desire.
It dictates your whole life, your relationships, your job, your profession and now
you do all for the sake of being validated, approved and accepted by someone or
society.
Then one day, you look back and realise, the thing you hated the most and what
you said you’d never become….you became exactly that.

You also do what hurt you.
You do the same thing, inﬂict the same hurt, you judge and label, and do the
same thing you hated people doing to you.
You said you’d never be like them.
You said you never turn out like them.
What happened?
You became the very thing you hated the most.
You judge. You label. You call women sluts, whores, too easy. You call men who
have sex with diﬀerent women as guys who only care about sex. You start being
insecure about sex and connecting sex like it’s some trophy to give away.
You begin to worry showing skin.
Because if you’re wearing “revealing” clothes….you will be seen as possessed by
evil spirits.
For pete sake. You masturbate behind closed doors, you watch porn, you
fantasize about all the sexual things you so want to do, and read all these sexual
fantasies, and even wonder about how you wish it happen to you AND yet….yes,
and yet…you judge others for doing these.
You think of the most down right hardcore fantasies to such level you wish,
DESIRE, DREAM OF doing but you don’t.
You start calling guys who don’t give a fuck about this bullshit as players, as guys
who just want sex and on and on it goes.
You talk about “objectifying” but you, yes you, objectify men to the hilt and
bullshit men. You know deep inside if a man, a hot good looking man was in front
of you, your pussy will be wet, you will DIE to just have him touch you.
You will lick your lips, your hear races, you feel your pussy throbbing, you’re so
excited and yet scared to get rejected, you fantasize all the ways you want him to
ride you and then bullshit everyone else you don’t think this way.
You even make your daughter ashamed of her body and talk about equality,
freedom, conﬁdence when your own daughter is ashamed of body.
Same for men too who say they don’t objectify and who pretend they don’t see
sex, they don’t see ass, they don’t see tits but personality.
Selling themselves the lie time and time again, and passing this lie to their
children like a recycled garbage, pretending they are saving someone’s soul, like
they pretend to save planet earth.
You have seen nothing yet on the devastation we have wreaked havoc on this
earth but we don’t want truth.
No, we want comfort. We want a lie because the reality is too harsh. That mean
and woman do want to fuck but they got to pretty it up with Disney eﬀect to avoid
feeling ashamed about what is so natural to us.
You will discover the love we are conditioned with is built all aroundd fear. That’s
the kind of love you’ll learn.
It is the ego kind of love. It is the fear of loss kind of love.
It’s the love that uses each other. It’s the love that only gives a shit about oneself.
It’s then love of control and making someone a propety to own.
It will cause havoc in your life to come.

You will ﬁnd women believe you cannot love other men. You will ﬁnd men who
believe you cannot love other women. You will ﬁnd most people believe in what is
known as love.
But this type of love is a prison.
It chokes you with fear. It rips you to shreds. It turns you inside out that you feel
sick and tired of being sick and tired of love that doesn’t nothing but makes you
scared of loss, of pain, of being alone.
It’s is not what it seems.
It is fear. It is ﬁlled with jealousy and possessiveness. It’s childish, immature,
choking and deep inside you know this.
But you are afraid to wake up to it’s ugly truth.
You call me a player? You call me the asshole?
You call me the hypocrite?
You all me the scum?
Better look at what YOU follow and tell me in all honesty you believe in this shit
because this is the ugly truth of it all.
All you believed in when I put what I am and you put what you are, then tell me
who is the plaer, who is the asshole, who is the hypocrite?
Here it is. It all it’s ugliness…
You ﬁnd how much of what you have grown to believe in is complete bollocks and
you will even question your own existence too.
Oh there be some good in it. Sure. There will be something good that came from
all this but you will also see the ugliness of it too.
In all this mess you will also have a choice.
The choice to either leave that diamond of you inside you, or begin to dig, get that
dirt out of the way, forge and shape the diamond within you. Until you become
what you desired to become.
But I warn you…
If you want to live the way you want to, speak your mind, pursue your own path,
and to avoid following much of the social norms, then be prepared for the world
to try to use fear of loss against you.
They will always say what you might lose
How you will not be trusted
How you will lose your reputation
How you will be on your own
How you will lose resources
How you won’t get the job/promotion
How you will never get a date
How no one will ever love you
How your content won’t have lots of votes
How you will lose friends
How your parents will get upset

How you will never see heaven
How you will only see hell
They will lable you as a player
They will label you as an asshole
They will lavel you as a slut
They will label you as a whore
They will label you as a manwhore
All of it is fear so they break you and get you to believe that with that them,
without their approval, acceptance…you are nothing. You will be alone. No one
will like you. No one will accept you. No one.
You get the idea. Fear. Validation.
You’re going to need to question everything and you’re not going to ﬁnd this
knowledge from someone who follow the social norms, and who is afraid of living
the life they want.
You’ll hear them advise, talk all wisdom but really, you will ﬁnd they don’t follow
the words they write and say to you.
So question everything, learn yourself, as I did and be ready for whatever you
believed to be challenged by the path that leads you to knowledge.
Be prepared for people to judge you and be prepared to stand up for what you
believe in.
Most fear change.
Most fear the unknown.
Most fear uncertainty.
Most want happiness, freedom, living the life they want and YES sex, in every
way but in all their wanting, the comfort zone is too strong.
The closest people will probably be the ones who will try to bring you down ﬁrst
or someone you thought will stand by you..will… fail you.
Your own friend will backstab and fuck your wife.
Your wife will cheat on you with guy she met online.
Your husband will sleep with your sister.
Your friend who is a business partner will rip you oﬀ.
Your community will see you as an outcast.
Be ready for that day. It will be an eye opener.
Everyone doesn’t really wants to know the truth.
Truth doesn’t and has never set anyone free.
Living it will, if you detach from the need for validation, impressing others,
seeking approval and much of what so many of us used to seek until we opened
our minds.
Most people will like you to obey like a good dog and follow the social norm rules
and not rock the boat.
Have empathy.

Don’t see any who shout and who lead with emotional bias as bad. Have empathy,
be forgiving, understand they are scared. For all you know, it’s someone pissed oﬀ
with their life or they had a bad day.
You just never know.
It won’t hit you as hard if you don’t seek validation.
Have understanding even as you blaze your own path, when writing, doing,
creating, launching and battling against the bullshit to raise awareness for those
who truly want to grow.
Stand on your own two feet.
Avoid trying to debate with them.
Avoid debating period.
You have no time to debate.
Be focused on doing what you want.
If you give a damn and more serious about your life and your greater purpose,
you have no time to debate. World is full of opinions.
They love to give you their opinion and think they are entitled too.
Don’t debate.
Instead…do your work. Focus on the job at hand.
Blaze your own path and be humble, in that you do not see yourself better than
anyone else, even if they do not know what you know.
In the end, what matters is not even the destination but rather you look back on
the people you have impacted, loved, forgiven and inspired.
The rest, well, you won’t be able to take it with you.
Enjoy the most magniﬁcient ride of your life because when it’s over, it is over.
Make this one life count. Live it by your own code of behaviour.
35.9k Views · View Upvoters

What would you say if your child was gay?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Son - Dad..
Me - Yes?
Son - I..erm…gay
Me - I know
Son - WTF?
Me - What did you just say?
Son - Sorry, I mean, you knew?
Me - Yeah, of course I knew
Son - But how?
Me - I’m your dad
Son - You’re not like, you know, feel angry, or…
Me - No. I actually feel so proud of you. I mean look how you grown. Telling me,
being honest, saying how you feel and what you want in life. I’d say any father
would be so damn proud. Now, you know what we got to do?
Son - No, Dad
Me - Stuﬀ Pizzas. Meh. We’re going to go for Fish and Chips, with mushy peas,
with awesome warm spicey gravy. Your favorite. Get your jacket!
Son - YES!

5.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is sending a song you wrote about a girl too much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can but not yet.
Let me explain why not yet…
You’ve been watching far too much hollywood and bollywood movies and falling
for their bullshit. Find your balls and ﬁrst approach the girl and..TALK. Have the
decency to ﬁrst approach, ﬂirt, make a connection with her.
Find out ﬁrst if she is interested in you and you go out, date for a while.
She will feel awkward. She has not earnt that and she has not shown you her
intent. Don’t put girls on a pedestal.
The key is always invest less.
You don’t invest lots when the girl has yet shown interest in you and there has
been no romantic communication between you both. She is not emotionally
invested to suddenly take this as serious.
Even her friends will think it’s creepy and believe, girls do sometimes share what
happened to their friends; which is why you don’t behave like most guys do but
rather with conﬁdence and maturity.
You got to approach ﬁrst, make a connection by talking, show interest in her and
she shows interest in you, and then you ask her out, and AFTER you have dated,
for a while….you can do all that.
Then she’ll appreciate it. She values it. She knows it’s not about her body, ass and
tits you saw but because you dated, got to know each other AND so, she be used to
your romantic whatever ways.
She’ll believe in what you gave more than she would ever when she has not dated
you, and you haven’t dated her, and got to know her both.
That’s how you give such things meaning.
There is putting your heart on a sleeve like an immature boy or as a man who
understands what value means, when to give it and why you do so.
You know when a girl composed music for me?
When we showed intent, and after many weeks, after we knew we are into each
other, when we both said confessed to each other.
When we had talked back and forth for a long while, when we got to know each
other, when she said she loves me, and how she fallen for me and when I said the
same with her. I opened as well with her and it was now mutual attraction and
further, mutual love too which took time.
That’s when I do something for her, a painting and that’s when she composed a
gorgeous musical piece for me.
I knew it was real because we already got to know each other, said how we felt for
each other. She knows it’s real and I’m not some immature guy thinking.
That’s…what gives it meaning.
That tells her you didn’t fall for her body and looks, but for her mind, for her
personality, for who she is.

What is your meaning?
You saw her looks and thought..
“Oh she’s so out of my league. I will need to IMPRESS her.”
That’s what this is. You putting her on a pedestal. You saw her looks and want to
impress her with some gift. Like buying her aﬀection with a gift you made. Like
what most chumps do.
In other words…
You don’t BUY aﬀection. You don’t bribe it. You ﬁrst approach and talk face to
face, without gifts, without anything but you.
If you is not enough, she isn’t worth it.
The girl who did that for me, I am in love with her.
That grew ﬁrst before we did that. That’s why I love her, respect her a lot, admire
her maturity, and how she knew how to approach a man with courage. That’s our
story and it is an amazing story.
It was her courage, that attracted me to her.
Her smartness of her mind.
Her character and her courage in sharing her feelings to me before doing the
music composition for me.
When I got it, it was wonderful feeling because she didn’t buy my aﬀection, nor
bribed it with gifts. She believed in herself and that’s what I saw as attractive.
Sure she’s attractive in looks and all that but it was her conﬁdence, her maturity,
the way she surprised me by contacting me.
Most women can’t even do that and that’s why she stands out from the rest who
sends hints or contact me for emotional support, and wonder why I don’t bother
for to lose interest. Or they’d come with gifts or showing oﬀ by bragging how good
they are at something and talk about who they slept with, who they had sex with.
She came on her own to me and that tells me a lot about a person.
It told me alot about her mindset, how she sees the world, how she knows about
human nature and how she didn’t fall for the social norms, bollywood and
hollywood movies with giving ﬂowers, love letters, gifts in the beginning.
When she did that, I was like “Wow. I need to ﬁnd out more about her.”
The more I found out about her, the more I fell in love with her. The more I could
see a future with her. The more I knew with her, it be amazing and we can do this
and we can make it happen.
You approach face to face and talk to her, and be playful, fun and then ask her
out. Show her you got the balls.
Leave all that writing music for her and love letters, ﬂowers for another time.
That way these will add greater meaning to her. Or any other girl if she’s not
interested because the other person has to ﬁrst show mutual respect to you, their
interest in you and willing to invest as well.
If not, move on. Don’t waste time orbiting around her and pining over her like
some nice guy in a Hollywood/Bollywood movie where she will suddenly
transform because she realised.
No, that happens in movies and such girls don’t deserve your time if they don’t
show interest in beginning when you approach.

Sort out base one ﬁrst.
Be mature about this.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

How would you react if your ex called you all of a sudden and
said that they miss you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If any of ex-girlfriends called and said that it would probably go like this and yes,
I am not kidding you. It will go like this..
Ex- - I miss you
Me - Come on over because we got a party going on!
Ex- - Party?
Me - Yes. I have two women and we were about to start but I want one more
foursome.
Ex- - You’re not serious?!
Me - Of course I am. You have an amazing ass, so come on over
Ex- You haven’t changed, have you?
Me - You learnt the hard way that you don’t try to change and ﬁx a man
Ex - Are they, you know….attractive?
Me - Oh yes and they’ll love you for real
Ex - Ummm.
Ex-It take me a hour and a half to get there?
Me - I’m sure you know I can go longer than that.
Ex -Haha. I know. OMG. I know. OK. I’m coming
Me - Oh you will be coming a lot. I promise you that
Ex - Wait for me
Me - No but you can jump in when you’re here. It’s going to be a long night.

Yes, I would have serious fun with that call. I won’t get all serious
30.2k Views · View Upvoters

Did you lose friends when you gained self esteem?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Nov 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Many. You see with self esteem came something I could not control and
didn’t want to. I came from a strict religious community, parents were too but
they were more cultural than religious. Then there was my friends.
Now imagine, with me questioning a lot in my young days. I saw the world, the
crowd, and I didn’t want to follow what many followed. I grew in knowledge and
as I grew, my self direction became crystal clear.
Many of my friends that I cared about weren’t growing as I was. They weren’t
reading tons, going to training, doing all I can to get answers and to get ready to
spread my wings.
I was still having fun but my eyes was on the greater purpose.
Many blamed others, did not trust other people, and a lot of things that were just
toxic for me. I had goals, purpose and they tried it with their opinion of what
certain things won’t work I stood up and said no..
I just saw it, that I couldn’t live my life like that and realised, even when you make
friends, sometimes you got to ﬂy and live your life.

Many are afraid to ﬂy. Leave dad, mum, friends, but I had to. Everyone I knew
had dreams, none went for those dreams. They always talked about these dreams,
these magniﬁcient dreams but they just didn’t do anything about it.
And I knew why but I faced the fear. I had to make a strong decision because
there was no turning back when you come from my world. The day you are
known to walk away from the cultural beliefs, is the day you are an outcast.
I had to let go of so many beliefs, social norms and traditions.
I had to upset parents and people I cared about but I couldn’t tell them why or
where I was going, or what I was doing. It was enough pain for parents that I was
going to ﬁnd my own path somehow. If they knew I was not following the
customs, cultural superstition beliefs, dating multiple women, arts, music, all
that is prohibited in our community, it would have been a lot more strain for
them.
Do I regret?
There is only one regret.
I came back too late for my mum, who past away.
I later visited my old friends.
They were same, still talking of dreams and though it was nice to sit, listen to
them, and even when they asked, I’d say nothing happened.
There was no point in sharing anything.
Our lives were so diﬀerent. There was nothing that I could say but I would just ask
them about their life, listen and everytime they asked about myself, I’d not say
much. Just down play it so down as I knew, deep down, there is no point. It
wouldn’t help them but probably make them feel down.
I knew them and I knew how they are and so our world, values, beliefs, our
passions, everything really was just diﬀerent and so far apart.
The old steel works gone. The city changed.
The people I once knew have grown with marriage, children, many divourced,
many left to other cities. The older generation were nearly gone, and there was
only the next generation.
The things most people worried about, they didn’t anymore.
They have grown older, they grew more in courage but it was too late for them.
Their habits was strong. Their way of life stuck in same way. They were tired and
they didn’t have the energy they once had years ago.
But I, well, I have this desire, fueled by a dream so big that it keeps me young, it
keeps me going for things and it keeps me stronger than I have ever been.
They strange thing is, many changed when with me in other cities and countries.
They learnt of the knowledge I learnt, the things I shared, but I sadly couldn’t do
the same with friends and relatives.
Yes, you will lose friends when you gain self esteem.
Your values will change. Your perception will change and sometimes, there will
feel like a wall is between you. A wall which you don’t feel like you’re friends
anymore. Though you care about them but there is nothing there to hold on
together.
It just feels likes there’s nothing to talk about. There isn’t anything really similar
in values or anything anymore. The ones who do get you will also ﬂy and that’s

even if you see similar values because they got a purpose too.
They got got their own path too.
So with that…
I visited my mums grave and for the very last time I said my thanks, my
apologies, asking for forgiveness for anything I did as a child, the hurt I may have
caused and left to never look back.
Sometimes, you lose much more than your friends.
But you also gain the insight that your parents saw which you didn’t, and a
realisation that they knew, deep inside, you’re going to be ok.
8k Views · View Upvoters

What should new Quora users know about you before
commenting on your content?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What comment?
That there is no comment box to comment ;)
Now you can try if you’re some amazing magician, to comment on there but it be
very hard commenting when the comment box isn’t there.
You’d be the next David blane or what’s her name, oh yeah…Magic Babe Ning. I
deﬁnitely like to see her using her magic to bang a comment when it’s disabled.
I’d even vouch for you to be on Britain Got Talent or the XFactor if you can do
that.
759 Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal for my girlfriend to tell me which of her coworkers
she thinks is cute? And which ones are hot?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Testing your frame to see what you will do.
You know, go Gorrilla Mode in front her.
Girl - I think he’s cute
Me - Yeah, but you haven’t see the girl I saw in oﬃce.
Girl - What you mean?
Me - Dayuuuum her ass was so ﬁne
Girl - WTF?
Me - Yes, I was thinking same. DAYUUM her as was so ﬁne ;)
Girl - You like her?
Me - I think me and you should walk through city centre and decide who can see
the best ass.
Girl - You !?%£?!
Me - Tea anyone? :)
Never lose your cool mate because let’s face it, if she can talk like that in front of
you, she probably tested your frame way back.
Chill. Relax. Don’t let your state of frame get all messed up by your girlfriend
playing silly games. Hey, if she cheats, you know that if you can attract her, you
can also attract other girls too.
Never forget that because far too many guys do.

Relax. Have fun with it.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

Can a girl reject me just because we don’t like the same kind of
music?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She isn’t going to say she’s not attracted to you. She won’t say no. Most don’t for
fear of conﬂict and awkardiness. Like now, she said no on something and you’re
still not letting go.
Her language, wearing a social mask to survive.
She isn’t really talking about the music. She is saying..
“I’m not attracted to you.”
Best just don’t look into it and move on.
Don’t waste your time ﬁguring out. It’s a rejection like..
“I’m not ready for relationship.”
“I’m too busy studying to date.”
“I don’t know.”
“I don’t like your friends.”
“I don’t like your music.”
“My friends said..”
It’s a rejection. That’s all you need to know and move on.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do the wrong guys pursue me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you don’t attract what you want.
You attract who you are.
That means, if you stay in comfort xone like a princess and hoping guys of
whatever you are looking for to come, then it will take longer.
Just because you’re attractuve and smart, isn’t going to help if you don’t socialise,
say hi and put some eﬀort in.
You need to be approachable and so you need to be more resourceful, go to places
where such men are than staying in your comfort zone..
The ones that make a move have more balls that the ones you desire, or you need
to expand more, go to places that have lots of these guys with “goals.”
Better ask Apple or Google to invent a gadget that detects guys from a far who has
similar goals as you.
You know like “I want a relationship..”which is what that screams.
It will then ﬂash whenever a guy is walking by who wants a relationship.
673 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sweetie Green

How can I be more patient with my mum?
Adam Taha, See with diﬀerent eyes
Answered Nov 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like to share with you something that may shine a light to guide your way with
your mum. To not see this as me trying to judge you as I know it’s not easy being a
daughter or son with our parents.
Rather see it as something in which I don’t want you to go through something
and ﬁnd it be far too late.
My mum past away not long ago and only when she did, that I saw something I
didn’t see. I saw my reﬂection.
You see, when you are with your boyfriends and a few selected friends, you are
coming from a diﬀerent perception. You are not carrying some bitterness, prejudgment, anger or dissappointments.
You’re carrying something and that something is creating a wall between you and
your mum. It is coming from you as it did with me.
We bring it with us when we are with our parents and all we see, is sometimes
bad, all we see is mum or dad are complaining always, comparing always and we
easily raise our voice because we carry this script.
Before we even see our parents, before we step into the house, the script begins to
replay and our perception changes in which our ego steps in to be the Parent Ego
State and behave as parents to our mum and dad.
There is a saying in our way of life which I did not know the heaviness of..
“Do not say uﬀ to your parents.”
I didn’t know how heavy this was until my son came into the world.
For every uﬀ, for every complaint back it is like a dagger to your own ﬂesh and
blood, your own child is speaking back at you harshly.
The one you cradled, the one you got up tiresly to feed, to change, to keep an eye
on always fore as children at that age, they stumble, fall, can hurt themselves at
any second, so your exhuasted at the end of the day, and even when you go to
sleep, they wake you up and you get up, rush to see if all is well, to rock, to calm,
to sing, to feed, or to sleep.
He’s now grown man living his own life.
You are not carrying this idea when but when you visiti your boyfriend and
friends, it seems….perfect.
You are not carrying this wall to your boyfriend or friends.
You do not carry and replay that same script in your mind with them but you do
when you meet your mum.
It is not patience you need but wisdom.
It is to step back for a moment and ask the question on why it bothers you so,
when your mum complains and compares.
Deep down, when you approach, your mind is already replaying a script on
autopilot. The tone changes. Your image of your mum changes.
You emotions change, Your attitude towards her changes. Everything changes
and since these change in your mind, so will your behaviour.
When my mum past away, I realised this lesson and though sadly I cannot ﬁx
anything with my mum….I can with the present and future.
In fact, this wisdom has helped me a great deal to be compassionate, have
empathy for everyone I meet.

Even people I don’t like and the people who send me bitter, abusive, messages,
men and women with their pre-concieved ideas, emotional bias about me. They
have no clue who I am. I have empathy because they are doing what I did to my
mum.
I was emotionally bias.
The script was playing. My script. My designs and so I was blinded by my own
arroagnce and lack of humility towards my mum.
We think we know our mum, but we really don’t.
We only know what we see and what we see a lot of the time is data going into our
mind that already has some memories, feelings. Then it gets juggled up, ﬁltered,
organised, categorised to see a skewed representation of what we think we saw.
So I wanted to share this with you even if its very hard for me to do because I am
still grieving and have yet got over her death.
That your parents are not perfect.
Your parents were young like you. They were children. We forget that. They grew
up and so they probably didn’t know much of what we know but they still love
their children. They just sometimes don’t know how to talk to us, they don’t know
sometimes how to reach us in ways that is our emotional language, and our
personality.
The same it is with us with our parents.
We don’t know sometimes how to reach to them, talk to them, communicate in
their emotional language and personality. We either think they talk too much or
none at all. We either think they are boring.
We either think they don’t know as much or they should have spent more time
with us.
But here is the thing…
When my mum was alive, I couldn’t talk to her much.
I just couldn’t ﬁnd the way.
It be hello, a bit small talk and nothing. She’d make me some food and we’d not
talk much at all.
But one day, when she past away, I saw photos of her, as a young woman.
She was gorgeous as a young woman. This is my mum…

She had a life. She did things.
She did more than any politician I know on this planet for people and no one…
knew until she past away. Many people came to her funeral. People crowds of
them, marching from each corner like an army.
I wondered how did she know them to hear stories of a woman who is brave, kind
and who went to help people when no one cared.

That is what she did and I suppose, that part of her, this gift in helping people is
now in ingrained in me too. I got the gift of giving from her and the balls to stand
up to people and society from my dad.
I saw many photos and it hit me hard.

I came to her house and saw many large suitcases. These were things she got to
send to diﬀerent countries for children and families in diﬀerent countries. She
was trying to save the world in her own way.
None of us knew. She kept it all a secret which is again, part of what I have done
for most of my life.
I wish I saw these photos when she was alive because now, I have so much to say. I
could talk to her for years in end but I can’t now. We could have had an amazing
discussion.
I won’t care how long she talked or what she said.
I wish I was in your shoes right now where my mum was still here. I won’t care
about what she said. I would this nod, smile and laugh inside at her ways, and just
think to myself..
“She’s awesome.”
But she’s now gone.
I lost that opportunity and it wasn’t like I didn’t know this wisdom.
We all do.
We all know the answers to our problems. We all know what it takes to succeed.
We all know what we must do but we don’t.
We all seem to be busy tryinng to ﬁnd a short cut, a secret, a magic bullet to avoid
doing what is necesssary.
But we never appreciate sometimes, until it is gone.
It is true. We don’t appreciate when something easy comes our way.
We don’t appreciate when someone gives us value so easily. We still, even now,
people think they are entitled for my knowledghe which took me years and
expect me to prove to them before they believe.
I am like, “Whatever. Get lost. You’re last person I’d every want to help with that
stinking attitude. Go away.” and I block them.
We don’t FEEL that pain. We don’t feel how precious the time is when someone
gives it to us. Until it is gone.
I can’t bring her back.
I’m then eldest of all my sisters and brothers, it now feels like world is empty, like
glow has gone, like a connection has been severed, like I am alone in this world.
Even with all my friends, tons of them, large family, lovers too, all love me, I feel
this way because when your mum passes away and you are the ﬁrst born, it hits
you so hard, that it is like every day your heart is breaking, and memories come
ﬂooding in about your mum.
You’re always wondering, “but how? How can she go? Is she gone? She has? But
how? It can’t be.”
There are days which spring on me and again I see her face and I get a choking
feeling, tightening around my chest, swimming to my gut and hits me hard. I just
stand there staring at a wall seeing memories play like a movie.
Wondering, how come I didn’t remember these moments? How come I forgot
these times I had with her? How come?
It was the script in my head and this blinds us.

And no one knows you feel this way because you’re the eldest. You’re the man.
The badass who can say whatever and take on the world if it comes at you.
You’re the baddest mentor.
You’re the player who roars at society with no apology.
You’re the one who doesn’t cower with social pressure.
You’re the person who marched head on in front of gangs tough as nails.
The sexual lover.
You’re the bad boy.
But bad boys also have mums and they also miss their mum.
So if you want to be patient with your mum, look at your thoughts. Look at how
you see your mum and ask yourself why you seem to see her this way.
Look at your perception and ask where it came from.
Are you seeing her and wish she is perfect when parents are not.
Do you hold some bitterness towards her?
Do you have some grudges?
Are you repeating someone else’s script?
This time, look at your mum with diﬀerent eyes.
You will ﬁnd a young girl, once long ago, who had dreams. Just like you. Who also
wanted friends, just like you. Who also wanted to achieve things but didn’t, and
would feel sad at times, just like you.
Who wished someone listens to her even if she has nothing to say, just like you.
Who sometimes cries alone when no one is around, just like you.
Who sometimes wish she felt smart, felt people cared, felt that maybe she can
ﬁnd some happiness, meaning, purpose in life, just like you.
When the world seemed too dark and cold, just like you.
Your mum, is scared, sometimes wondering if she did right, just like the way you
will feel one day.
All she has is what people do, what she heard someone said and that is all she
now can share because you’re all grown up now.
Like you might not need her anymore and that’s another worry for her.
Even though it bugs you, that’s her life, that’s her story and that’s her…wanting
to…feel important again.
Like her words, her complaints about other people, and what happened might
not be for you. Maybe she is not saying that but really what she is trying to do in
her own way is to feel needed again, important again, be part of your life again,
by sharing hers even if it’s full of complaints and comparing etc.
I can’t build that bridge with my mum, but you can with your mum.
I can’t say anything to my mum but you can with your mum.
I can say “stuﬀ it, she’s my mum. So what. Let her. I love her anyway.”
But you can with your mum.

I hope what I have said, will help you to walk into the house, look at your mum
with new eyes and change the script playing in your mind.
You don’t want to ever carry that burden of regret and wonder what you could
have done, said and just let go of.
When they are gone, all this, will be small, nothing.
You’d wish you had that chance to see these were just nothing, just so she can
complain, compare and do whatever.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is Adam Taha's favorite book Fifty Shades Of Grey?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

These are my favorite books….
1. The Life Changing Magic Of Not Giving A Fuck by Sarah Knight
2. How To Be Fucking Awesome by Dan Meridith
3. The Psychology Of Religion and Spirituality by James M. Nelson
4. BURNING WOMEN - The European Witch Hunts, Enclosure, and the
Rise of Capitalism.
5. The Manipulated Mind: Brainwashing, Conditioning, and Indoctrination
by Denise Winn
6. From Conditioning to Conscious Recollection: Memory Systems of the
Brain by Howard Eichenbaum, Neal J. Cohen
7. Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 1 The Evolution of Modesty;
The Phenomena of Sexual Periodicity; Auto-Erotism by Havelock Ellis
8. Studies in the Psychology of Sex, Volume 2 Sexual Inversion by Havelock
Ellis
9. My Secret Garden by Nancy Friday
10. Beyond Control by Nancy Friday
11. Women On Top by Nancy Friday
12. The Magic Of Believing By Nido Quben
13. Twelve Universal Laws of Succcess by Harris Herbert
14. The Serving Leader by Ken Jennins and John Stahl
15. Developing The Leaders Around You by John. C. Maxell
16. Strategy. Management by Drucker
17. The Rules Of Life and Rules Of Wealth By Richard Templar
18. The Super Coach to help transform anyone’s life by Michael Neil
19. The Diamond Rule: The secrets of A Master Cutter to build positive value
in your loving relationships
20. The Love Languages - how to express heartful commitment to your lover
by Gary Chapman
21. The Anatomy of Story: 22 Steps to Becoming a Master Storyteller by John
Truby
22. The Art of Dramatic Writing by Lajos Egri
23. Write To Sell by Andy Maslen
696 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thamanna Fathima.e.k

Does love happens by chance or choice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do we choose the person we love?

Attraction is not a choice.
Love is.
Love needs investment of time, knowledge, skill, committment, nurturing and a
language that renders your lover to love you even more. By just word alone, you
can render your lover to feel the amazing energy and rush throughout their body,
repeatedly to even orgasmic state.
Love is endless but it has it’s limits in that it needs help.
Far too many blamed love when it is they who erred, who were not prepared with
experience, knowledge, skill and wisdom. The type of communication it needs is
not taught as much and to learn it will take you years to fathom it’s ways if you
are not dating a learned man or woman that knows this realm.
Many blame love but love never had a chance.
Love needs help. It takes time, consistent communication, knowledge that’s wide
it will take a person to learn and that is why there is no excuses about distance,
money, and all the things most make.
It needs compatibility, honesty, authenticity, and an attitude from lovers to
believe 100% it will work and together they follow a process towards each others
happiness. Together investing in the knowledge most do not strive to learn
except some specialist when they come to a crossroad. Why wait for that to
happen when you can learn together?
Just because you love someone, doesn’t mean you won’t feel that feeling for
someone else. It is natural but…it’s what you do with it that now counts.
Attraction… is not a choice.
It is KABOOM!
Sparks ﬁring away but these sparks die out. It doesn’t mean when it dies out
because there is no love. It has died out because it needs help, work to grow into
love. It needs specialised knowledge and skill, and the communication in how
man and woman talk to dive into one another at such a deep emotional and
rational level.
That is when you now have a choice.
That’s why we say, attraction is not a choice.
You can say you like this or that type of person but ﬁnd yourself fall for someone
completely diﬀerent.
Love is a choice.
You choose to work together as lovers to make it happen when sparks are gone
and replaced with something much deeper, more amazing, richer than a crush.
But it needs your help to make it grow.
It needs both to nurture love to grow.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you block so many people on Quora instead of actually
answering their questions?

Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I block..
1. People who think they are entitled to my knowledge, expertise and think
I got to prove something to them when I don’t need to prove a damn
thing.
2. I block people who send me questions trying to do that as well with..
“Show us your text from beginning to end of dating process”
They get blocked.
3. Women who want attention. I get tons of them trying to get some
attention, knowing by my writing I am a sexual lover, and my views. So
they send me messages trying it on. You know who are! Then dissappear
because they thought they could change the guy. They get blocked.
4. Women who send messages in a condescending or patronizing manner.
They get blocked.
5. Women and men sending me messages about what I write to try and
start a debate. I’m not interested. See that I disabled the comment. That’s
a sign to say I am not inerested in a debate on what I have written.
6. People who send mean, abusive comments. They get reported and
blocked.
If I also see comments of people who are abusive, who label others, who are
argumentative, who think they are entitled for something, hate on men, hate on
women who date multiple men and women, then I know I won’t enjoy reading
their answers and any discussion if they send me a private message…I block
them.
These are the reasons why I block.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you guys feel when your girlfriend has many friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she has many friends, including guy friends, awesome. I will feel she is
awesome at making ton of friends with other girls and guys.
If the lovers I date don’t like going out much and like their quiet time, that’s
awesome too.
Who am I say to say they can or can’t make friends, and go out and hang with tons
of friends?
One of the women I date, she is a coder, manager for company for websites. They
very big company and she works with lots of men not many women. So she made
lots of friends with guys.
It’s not me who is worried.
It’s always her.
Her - You’re ok if I go out with them?
Me - Of course love
Her - But I might come late, really late
Me - Love, it’s ok but get a taxi or stay at a friends house. I don’t want you on tube
train real late. I get worried. If you need me to pick you up, no matter how late,
just call me and I’ll be there.

She goes out a lot with friends and we also go out together too.
Other women I date love to just stay at home to read, watch movies,
documentaries. So they don’t have many friends but a few. They like their
solitude.
I have best of both worlds. Lovers who like making ton of friends, partying,
socialising and lovers who just want to stay at home, cozy and read or watch some
movies/documentaries, or paint, or write music.
They all had a life before me. They had friends before me and so they are living
the life they live before I knew them.
It doesn’t bother me in the least they have lots of friends or few friends.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys like to mess around with a girl's mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why girls do the same to guys.
1. Because the girls let them do it
2. Because they are having fun
3. Because they are bored
4. Because they want attention
5. Because they want to show others they got status
You know, the same reasons why most girls/women do it.
It’s no diﬀerent.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best thing to do if you like a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You would..
1. Approach in a fun, playful manner. Don’t be serious.
2. Then converse and observe if she’s type of girl you’d really want to date.
3. Paint a picture of what can happen. Be playful
4. Ask her one question so she shows interest…
“Look, beauty is quite common. I really like to know a girl for more than
her looks. So what are some things about you that would interest a guy to
get to get to know you?”
5. If she doesn’t spend time sharing about herself, attraction might not be
there. You’ll know soon enough…
6. Then exchange numbers.
7. Talk a little more then walk.
What you don’t want to do is put her on a pedestal, hesitate, spend time staring at
her. Instead approach immediately because that’s where the power is.
The surprise = conﬁdence.
And if she’s not interested, don’t pine over her.

You move on to approach someone else and again, and again, and again until you
have a girl that really into you as you are into her.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl says to you she isn't interested in
anyone right now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter about signals and hints.
It doesn’t matter whether she might be or not.
It doesn’t matter if it just friend or this or that.
She asked you about your love life. You needed to let her know you’re interested
in her. Might as well be direct about it or were you scared of losing a friend? Then
make tons more friends.
Now you say you’re confused?!
That she sends signals?
If you are attracted to her, say it.
Woman - So how’s your love life
Me - Depends how it goes tonight with me and you ;)
Whether she rejects or don’t, the key is be honest about your feelings so you can
move on. Then behave as adults if she isn’t interested and move on.
Personally, approach lots of women.
If you are spending way too much time sitting around women looking for signals,
then you’re not approaching women out there. Far too many guys give women
attention in orbiting around them.
That’s your life. You’re time. You’re resources. They don’t care if they use your
time and so you need to care for your self when sitting around friends who are
women.
Also they are not entitled either if they want you to be friends after you asked
them out. Don’t feel guilty in saying no.
Prioritise your life.
You need the experience because you probably steeped with fear of rejections if
you’re looking for hints and signals.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

If my partner doesn't follow up in a text conversation does it
mean I annoyed or bored him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re in a relationship already then the last you want to do is use text for small
talk. It is not really good for small talk. It makes it very awkward for both of you.
It’s diﬃcult when it’s small talk.
The key with texting when in a relationship is this..
1. To spice things up without needing a response
2. To increase sexual tension

3. For emergency like “Love I forgot my keys!” or “I’ll be 10 mins behind
time. I am stuck in traﬃc. Can you wait for me inside starbucks please!”
You see what I’m getting at?
If for example my lovers or even me, don’t reply sometimes, we don’t see it as
anything. We don’t take it seriously. We don’t let technology create assumptions
for us but rather we become the masters of technology.
We own it rather technology owns our life.
So if you feel you don’t like texting or don’t feel like it. don’t use it. Women I am
love with and dating are not that savvy with text.
I am because I used it a lot and like using it for fun with my lovers.
I just send ﬂirty fun and sometimes very sexual text and it makes them laugh. It
makes their day. I don’t need a response. It’s ﬁne.
Sometimes we might be in a simple conversation and it stops from their end or
mine. We don’t let technology assume anything for us.
If we have a thought, we call and that’s when we know whatever we need to know.
But text itself is very cold. It can create many assumptions and your partner isn’t
even thinking that at all.
It’s not easy to sometimes show your feelings on text.
You can assume a lot and get so many things wrong.
Best to just wait until you meet together and converse if you’re a face to face
conversation type of person. If someone really wants to get in touch they’ll call.
If you want to send a hot sexy ﬂirt text, go ahead but just don’t do it for response.
Do it because you love your partner and you. It’s fun. It’s daring,
It’s spices things up.
Technology, you be it’s master than it controlling you.
4k Views · View Upvoters

Do most women prefer to be asked out directly or indirectly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 2, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Mate, when I approach, women know what my intent is. Not one woman ever
heard me ask her out on a date. Never labeled it as a date.
Worrying too much about rejection.
You’re going to change every time a woman says she wants this way, that way, this
way? How about just being yourself and just show your intent.
They will always think this..
“Oh he wants sex.”
That’s their perception and that reveals their own insecurities. I’m a man. Sexual
man,. Most of women who question, haven’t been in relationships longer than I
have or even been in one.
They will always assume even when I write this is a guy who just want sex. So let
them think whatever. That’s their perception. I get many women sending me
messages saying..
“Oh God, thank you for saying it as it is.”

And I also get “Looks like you just want sex and validation.”
They have no damn clue. Validation? The last thing, a man who wants validation
will write what I write and come from a STRICT RELIGIOUS community, with so
much culture, traditions and superstitions that makes the west social norms look
like child play.
You write what I write, you are an outcast, you’re done. So much for validation.
If I wanted validation, I would never write about sex, never say on my proﬁle I am
Lover, HIGH SEXUAL. That’s like a big MASSIVE ﬂag for women who complain
all day on how guys want sex.
The ﬁrst thing in women’s mind, the ﬁrst when he approaches..
“Ooh he just wants sex not a relationship.”
How the hell do I know I want a relationship with a woman I don’t even know?
I am going to have a relationship with someone who I haven’t had sex with and
who doesn’t show trust with sex with me?
Who I haven’t dating for 4–6 months to see who she really is?
Then people complain, “oh they changed when we moved in together.”
There are so many things I yet to know about a wonan before I even consider a
relationship. First thing most women want is..a relationship. I’m not that
desperate to jump into one fear of being abandoned.
Things people hide so easily behind a social mask and you never know until time
goes by. While desperate men and women jump in for relationships, to later
complain how they didn’t know the person well.
I don’t. People so easy to promise relationship and then 6months down line, all
the drama they created to be in one, doesn’t matter anymore. I like to get to know
the woman, all of her before that.
They are now in a diﬀerent relationship with someone else. Serial
Monogamous.
For all I know she has issues about sex and she isn’t that great with sex. Yes, it is
important because I am approaching women not just they are attractive but also,
in mind that if it goes well, we got a relationship on horizon.
Sex is one of the things that is about compatibility for me. So is her attitude
towards MEN and towards life mean a lot to me.
I know about relationship than most people. Those who complain, show me if
you been in same relationship with 4 women for the last 16 years.
If some guys who are high sexual or not, approach women, have sex, and dump
their asses, that’s not my problem.
It’s not your problem either.
We know many women do that too.
We know women dangle sex like a carrot to attract a provider, for stability. We
know women who are gold diggers. We know women who are Narcissists. We
know women who are Psycopaths. We know women play games to get a provider
type of guy after they…had their fun.
Yes some women do that….dangling carrot like it’s some trophy…

That’s the type of women I so want to ﬁlter out immediately. Thinks she’s entitled
for a relationship. Thinks she’s entitled and yet tell men they are not entitled for
anything.
That’s the type of woman whose children will grow up fearing to ever ask her
questions about sex. Their children by the age of 12 will be experimenting on sex
and they’ll never know because their children see their parents who judge. So
they will ask strangers for advice on….dating…sex.
They all be here on Quora asking questions because they fear mummy and daddy
will label them as sluts, whores, too easy and…letches.
The damage social norms done and has never solved the dating process and
made it easier is huge.
There are women who also date guys, have sex and move on.
There are many women who just want a fuckbuddy.
Granted, some men when they have sex, disappear but if women think because I
approach them in sexual playful way and I just see them as sex, then thank the
stars I don’t date them. They be headache anyway.
Just approach and be yourself.
You have to have a mind to just do what you want.
People will always have perceptions.
People will always judge.
I don’t know how many damn times I have written the way I approach and why
but still, women and men just want to read and see what THEY want to see
because of the insecurities that’s in their head already.
Don’t keep altering until you have approached many women and gained
experience on what works for you. Before you alter anything, you approach tons
of women for 6 months and then assess.
Have a journal, write down what you’re doing, look back and see what needs to be
ﬁxed in your behaviour, in your attitude and vibe you bring.
But I never change my approach that is connected to my personality. I stay real
with this as always.
Be comfortable in how you want to do it in your way.
My early frame attitude, approaching in a fun, playful, sexual way and my
verbalisation gets her to know what my intent is.
This does two things..
1. Filters women out you don’t want and who are not compatible with me
2. Screens women in who desire a man like myself.

A guy who is upfront on what he wants without the manipulation games. Without
the rigidness of social norms society follows.
Let me make it clear.
I don’t think society are stupid and that I am better than people. I think the social
norms, the traditions, the manipulation is stupid. I think the rules are stupid. I
think the many things we are socially conditioned with are stupid. I thnk the
superstitons and myths about dating, romance, sex is stupid.
Not the people.
None could challenge me, none when I bring science and historical facts
regarding the bullshit around modesty, sex. They always come with some
nomsense that is just an opinion. It’s not rational but emotional bias pumped up
with superstitions and social norms that go way back into the worshipping of
spirits and all kind of nonsense that most people don’t even realise.
They don’t even realise they are following old acient religious superstitions that
has been woven in social norms and traditions!
People are people. I am not better than anyone of them. I don’t look down and
think..
“I am better than all of them.”
I think like this..
“I do not believe in these ways, these rules, these manipulative ways and these lies,
superstitions that we have been fed with,and it is these that are stupid. I don’t see
women as just sex. I see woman and I have to be attracted to her and I behave in this
manner so she knows I am high sexual, to avoid complications later that she is not
sexual, that she doesn’t like sex, that she is insecure about sex, that she is an
asexual, that she has some hang ups regarding sex….and screen out women who
have this fairytale idea of what a relationship is and how it starts, and who follow
these superstitions.
That she has some social norm traditional perception favoured by her peers, that
all came from superstitions. This will cause problems because when we have a
relationship, social construct factors like Jealousy, Possessiveness, Modesty that has
no connection to sex and clothes, that is acient as the people who believed in demons
and spirits, and these and more…will cause problems for us. That is why I approach
the way I approach. I aim to screen, ﬁlter, and if we are compatible, awesome!
Relationship ahead..”
But they don’t see that.
They see their perception, their experience with other men, their own fears and
their own baggage. Their responsibility to sort out their emotions not mine. They
come with emotional bias.
The rules and all that makes it so damn hard to just say what you want to say
without looking for hints and subtle meanings, all day long.
You can cut to the chase real fast by just showing your intent.
You know you’re going to meet women who just not worth your time. So approach
fast, hard, ﬁlter quick and move on until you get a yes and ﬁnd compatibility.
You reveal your intent clear in behaviour and verbalisation.
Before we even met she has recieved playful sexual text which she roled played
with me and yes that includes..

“Baby, I want you so bad, I am naked in bed right now thinking all the naughty
things we’d do together..”
That’s a woman texting me before we even dated!
When we meet, she knows what it is or I haven’t done my job early on. I played it
safe. The moment we meet, immediately kiss and embrace, hold hand while most
pussy footing about consent.
She already gave the consent. See below. This is part of the role play I did, so
there was much more but still it leads to result..
Me text - Paiging Secret agent (her name) make sure we got the cover sorted.
Immediately we meet, we kiss, embrace and hold hands. Agents are watching.
Her text - I don’t know what to wear? Sexy or just you know..?
Me tex - Sexy and nothing underneath. Nickers in my hand when we meet as a
code that operation eagle is going ahead :P
Her text - OMG! I’ll freeze but I love it. It’s exciting. Diﬀerent.
Me text - You can have it back when we kiss and we go somewhere for a drink.
Remember the code ;)
Then we meet, kiss immediately and it’s fun. Daring, bold, exciting and we have
fun. Laugh at the text we did and the awkwardiness is gone!
People are up their asses about “ooh this is just sex..”
Grow up. We’re not children anymore.
We’re not reading Cinderlla and sleeping beauty anymore.
I can’t believe in 21st century we’re still lying to ourselves. We’re still ashamed
about the most natural thing in world.
Dating suppose to be fun. Approaching suppose to be fun. Stop being boring by
following social norms and traditions that has made dating so damn boring and
rigid. It hasn’t solve the dating problems has it?
It hasn’t made it clear for women and men when it comes to dating, has it?
So why bother with it if it’s causing problems in clarity?
If a woman cannot be fun, playful, and doesn’t get it then she’s shown what her
mentality is and her own insecurities.
Dating was never meant to be like some boring process. It was never meant to be
diﬃcult process. It suppose to be fun, exciting, bold, sweep oﬀ her feet.
The same women who complain are the same who buy 50 shades of grey that
made it to number one best seller, to Hollywood/Bollywood movies and crying
over some dark handsome guy who is playful and daring in movies.
They are the same who are hiding lots of sex toys under their bed.
That’s why romance movies and novels sell big.
Someone is buying.
Someone is buying the sex toys for women, the romance novels for women, the
sexy lingerias and all the BSDM gear, from basic to advanced.
They say one thing but then they buy all that nonsense. Why can’t we have it in
real life? Because society says you can’t. It’s not the way?
As you can see, this is what I mean about early frame and I don’t turn it oﬀ.

If someone wonders, “but won’t women be oﬀended..”
That’s guys worried about rejection,. They got to be nice, polite, apologetic men.
Playing safe. Hearing women bitch on here and everywhere on how guys just care
about sex.
I screen such women out early on.
In the beginning I am behaving as a lover.
I wasn’t apologetic about my intent. I wasn’t hiding it and I use the tools and so, if
she meets me, she knows exactly what’s going down.
Those who I have compatibility with, we have long term relationships. That’s
what the ﬁrst date is for. Finding out compatibility and sexual is done, the
insecurities out of the way. So now, when we do get to know each other further
and compatibility is there, then it be smooth.
We can lead to a amazing relationship as time goes by.
Far too many asking the wrong questions..
“direct and indirect.”
Just know what you want and approach without fear of losing the woman. If she
don’t like whatever, let her walk. Or you walk away.
Plenty of women on this planet who get it. Some never do.
This question shows one is attached to outcome.
Fear of rejection.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

Did you cheat again after being caught?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst is, I don’t cheat because it will change me. In all the years I have focused
on is developing myself as a man, building my character. Years of investing in
myself, in becoming what I want to be.
I believe, one should take responsibility for their desires than making excuses
about the relationship.
You know, blaming it on how they didn’t get intimacy, how they didn’t get
emotional support, how they didn’t get attention from their partner and speak
up, and walk from relationship than blaming on someone else.
They always look to blame someone else for the fear of conﬂict and awkward, for
doing the right thing in either talking about how they feel or breaking up. They
were selﬁsh. All they care about themselves and nothing else.
It’s not easy to do, to speak up, to be honest, to face it and just break up if one
needs to and start again fresh. It’s not easy to also admit the type of relationship
one is in does not work for the lifestyle one desires.
If I did that then all that I wanted to be, all the hard work I did to become the man
I wanted to be is gone. I cannot go back to that person again no matter what I do, I
have crossed the line.
I am responsible for my actions.
That is why I made a decision.
A tough one.

I am never going to be monogamous.
It is unnatural for me. Doesn’t work and I’m not interested in it.
If I desire another woman, then the woman I am with will know and also, she be a
woman who knows already I am non-monogamous.
So if any women cannot accept that they shouldn’t be in relationship with me
anyway. I rather be judged by society, than live in some model relationship that
doesn’t work for me.
That’s the second reason I won’t cheat.
Never cheated and never will.
I don’t ever need to.
24 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alec Davidson

How do you get a girl’s number?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I never, go for the girl’s number in the beginning. Far too many guys make this
mistake and even girls too. You’re asking the wrong question.
A number isn’t a date.
Girls give their number here and there, and ﬂake. Some give you their number to
get rid of you because they can’t say no due to worry about conﬂict and
awkwardiness. They said no before and got hit with slut shaming, calling them
whores and bitches. So now they got another way.
Give them fake numbers or real number but play them along, waste their time,
talk like bored house wives who have been married for 30 years and wish
something exciting happening, and so probaby bore you with them making you
an emotional tampon.
Don’t go for the number ﬁrst.
Instead give her an experience right there and then. Be playful, be fun, excite her,
turn her wet between her legs, with conﬁdence and making her laugh. You want
to grab her attention by being diﬀerent than so many guys.
Paint an exciting image in her mind what can happen and be sincere about it.
Don’t like and make things up. Find out what she likes because you’re attracted to
her and so, if she dates you, you want to make the exprience happen.
So paint an experience in her mind ﬁrst, ﬁre up her emotions and imagine, be
sincere, be real, be fun, playful and then tone it down, a bit serious, in asking her..
“Look. You know how it is. Beauty is so common and I like to know for real, what
3 things about you that would interest a guy than just your looks,”
Now watch her, see if she shows interest. Listen to what she says because she will
say if she desires you, revealing what she wants. Listen to what she wants, she is
telling you and if she doesn’t, then know attraction might not be there.
You can exchange numbers after that and now she will at least remember you
because you approached diﬀerently, than just going for the number.
If I could, sometimes I even ask the girl, “look I am meeting some friends in about
20 minutes, let’s go for a drink and I’ll bring right back or wherever you are
meeting your friends.”
And if she says yes, then make it an awesome experience.

This decreases the number of ﬂakes. Now, when after a drink, you can exchange
numbers and she has experienced something more with you.
Be fun. Be playful. Don’t focus on the number yet.
Focus on engaging her, create an experience, turn her own, make her laugh, fun,
ﬂirt, and she will want to see you again. IF she is attracted to you.
13.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it diﬃcult for men to love and be commited to decent
ladies in relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Decent?
Decent - conforming with generally accepted standards of respectable or moral
behaviour.
I don’t want a woman who conforms to the generally accepted standards of
“respectable or moral behaviour.”
I want her to go down on me. I want to go down on her. I want her turning me on
and same me doing with her. I want want unbelievable, exciting, sex and a
relationship that doesn’t follow some social norm bullshit, that bores the living
daylights out of me. I don’t date decent women.
I date women who are conﬁdence in themselves and their abilities, and who are
far away with following what is generally accepted by social conditioning
fairytales, myths and fallacies of dating and relationships.
I date women who takes risks rather than seeking and comforming, and yearning
to be accepted, approved by society and their “respectable standards.”
Why would I want a woman who is…decent?
I don’t want a woman who conforms, cares too much about other people’s
opinions and scared to lead her life in way she desires. And judges other women
as not decent. That’s the type of woman I stay well away from.
That’s why most men don’t look for…decent woman because she looks down at
other women and thinks they are not decent. That they are sluts, whores, too easy
and need to conform to the societal programming that has took women right into
the dark ages of invention of modesty, shame about sex, when modesty was never
about sex and functions of body.
That’s superstitions and old religions talking.
Decent women are not educated in these matters but fell for the social
conditioning and look down on other women and men and call them…not
decent.
Maybe that’s why most men don’t want…decent.
That decent is insecure. They judge other women and men. They don’t take
responsibilty in creating the circumstances they want but always got to blame
someone, other women and men.
I don’t get comitted to a woman who is decent. I get committed to a woman who
shows she desires me, knows how to pleasure me, knows how to turn me on, and
she is compatible with me as I am with her. That she is conﬁdent and puts herself
ﬁrst ﬁrst before the opinions of social peers, and standards and what they think is
acceptable.
It’s same old story, isn’t it?

Why women date bad guys and not nice men and it’s always the guys who say
they are nice while every other guy is a jerk, that asks that question.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do I need to approach girls to ﬁnd a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why? Has something you have done worked for you?
Like not approaching girls and you just sit there, staring, and hoping they’ll
magnetically be pulled by your conﬁdence in not approaching?
Or they came rushing in the hundreds, knocking on your door?
That’s why you’re here asking the question and so really, you have answered your
own question.
You got your answer from your own life experience.
Or you can wait for another 10 years like some guys do and they haven’t learnt to
grow, gained any social skills, conversation skills and skills to really engage
women in a fun, playful conversation.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How should I comfort a girl in a bad mood?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends how well you know her and also what happened. I don’t personally
tolerate negativity pointing at me or verbal abuse.
But if it’s just that you see her in a mood, something is up then you need to have
already know her well.
For example some girls..
1. Like to just be left alone and no solution talk. Logical.
2. Some don’t want you to do anything and they will then talk in their own
time. Just don’t go oﬀ giving solutions. Instead listen and when girl is
done, hug her and say how awesome she is for being so strong, and
taking it all so well ;)
3. Some will have a smile on their face when you cook their favourite dish
and they smell the food, their mood changes and hugs kicking oﬀ.
4. Some will see the ice cream you just banged on table and they grab it, eat
it and even walk up to you and say, “I’m sorry. Just a bad day for me.”
5. Some will want you to just sit next to them and say nothing for them to
nuzzle up to you.
6. Some will want you to say nothing and you just stroke and cuddle.
The only way I ever found out what, how, when, why, is I always learnt all I can
about the woman. Even to how they want to have sex, foreplay, how, when,
where, and so forth to boundries etc.
I mean everything and there is so much to know. I get that but things like this I
would have known in ﬁrst few weeks of being with the woman.
Man of experience knows who he is dating and in relationship with.
Go to the source, get to know her more, I mean, really know her…when…she…
cools oﬀ.

11.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls sometimes say they dont like a guy even if they do, and
act like they do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Does it matter?
There’s nothing to be confused about.
When a girl says she’s not interested, whether she is pretending or not, don’t ever
give her a second change. Move on.
I like to date smart girls not a girls who cannot go for what they want. So if she
says no, not interested, no matter, to you…she has show her intent.
Door now shut slammed and you move on.
I’ll say it straight. Girls will psychologically mess your head up if you let them.
They LOVE attention and you gave her one year of attention. ONE year.
One year you could have approached tons of girls and one would have said yes to
you.
Now you’re confused?
There is no confusion about it.
If she ﬂirts and you don’t like it, do what EVERY woman seems to do when they
don’t like it from a man who….they are attracted to and drooling over.
“Listen, you can play your games with someone else but not me.”
Or “You are interested in me or not? If not, stop ﬂirting or I am done with you! We
are friends not lovers, and I got other girls looking at me and you’re messing it up.
So stop or we are DONE as friends.”
Don’t be afraid of losing girls. They’d do the same to you.
You are doing things to get validated, approval and you’re not telling her to shut
up and put up, and take her ass out of your life when she ﬂirts because you fear
losing her.
If you didn’t give a damn about dropping her pants, you’d have told her to stop
ﬂirting or you’re done being friends with her.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

I have been single for a year. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You really think what worked for you when you met previous ex boyfriends is
going to work all time?
You know, it happened…unexpectedly.
You need to spread your wings to do hobbies that is packed with people that are
similar interest if you want your pool of resources big to have choices.
You’re resources have depleted to zero.
Sure, your story will be same as others. You had some hard time. You went
through XYZ and so forth. We all have hard times but it never stops us going to
school, college, university and work, does it?

It doesn’t stop us doing the…neccesary things that’s going to put food on table,
does it? It doesn’t stop us getting up and buying the food we need to ﬁll the fridge
and cupboards up to eat?
It doesn’t stop us going to bank and machines to draw out some money.
When we want to, we’ll do it. When we stop self sabotaging ourselves we’ll do it.
When stop labelling our minds, telling ourselves all sort to rationalise our…fear…
of…rejection, we’ll do it.
Solution:
1. Attitude.
Avoid giviing information to your mind that you’re an introvert and
making your brain kick your ass with telling you..
“Oh ok. You’re an introverts who doesn’t go out, they stay in house because
you’re an introvert and also shy.”
Speak diﬀerently to yourself. These labels weren’t meant to stop us
growing. They just there for understanding and then to grow, to build on,
to expand our skills, to balance it with life. People get these labels and
make these labels deﬁne themselves and all they do.
2. Action and Habits.
Do one thing daily to expand your pool of resources. Find a place that
has lots of people that’s geared to your interest. Then go there. Have
another, expand it but don’t spread yourself thin as you want guys to
grow on you to approach you and you have courage to mingle, engage
and participate with them. Doing one thing daily is going to take will
power but these daily actions create and form habits that propel you
forward even when you can’t be assed to do so.
3. Understand attraction.
Details…details like how you say you are smart, nice and how people say
your attractive. That is not how attraction works. These are details. You
need to know that looks are not the only thing.
You fear rejection but so does the guys.
You need to learn to be approachable and stop telling yourself you’re an
introvert. Throw that label away. I am same but I don’t go around telling
myself and to everyone else I am introvert. I’ll be frying my brain and
self sabotaging myself to even engage with people.
Smile. Make eye contact. Start a conversation.
It’s about feelings. Smile, show you are approachable, learn to mingle,
take interest in the people, be conﬁdent. Learn to ﬂirt, even if it’s looking
up with eyes smiling like a cute woman. Learn these these techniques.
You are what you want to be and not what the world label us to be.
4. Consistency.
Go out often, even if it’s one or twice a week that focuses on you going
out there to participate with people where guys are. Go to places that is
part of your idenity, what you’re interested in and keep going because
that helps you to get to know the environment, make you feel much
more comfortable and gradually you get familiar by people and so you
begin to engage and they begin to engage with you because you are
familiar. But smile, don’t hide in some corner.

In other words, stop thinking about “getting a boyfriend” and focus ﬁrst in
getting your pool of resources bigger.
That means go out, meet the world and do the work.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I take my boyfriend's breath away when I initiate a
kiss?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not in the kiss.
It’s in the sexual tension you create, before the kiss. You need to ﬁrst build the
tension, with words, what you’d do to him, capture his emotions and lead his
imagination ﬁrst with physical touch and verbalisation.
Use text to start building in his imagination. Be bold. Build it from beginning.
You want him imagining and thinking before you meet him.
When you’re outside, ﬂirt with him.
When in house…lead to…
Whisper bold words, ﬁre up his imagination, pin him to the wall, let your lips
glide down his neck and bite his earlobe, but don’t kiss yet. Whisper in his ears
about how you feel about him. Get his heart racing. Breathe seductively.
Tonality of voice, get it sexy.
Tease him, stroke him in his erogenous zones, build up the tension, let him see
you lick your lips…use your voice, groan like your feel yourself turned on…let him
feel your chest rise up and down pressed on him…breath like your rising to
orgasm, increase the tension and then……kiss.
A kiss is nothing but a kiss but with his mind imagining all you said to him, all the
things you will do together, will make the kiss take his breath away.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do you bullet-proof your self-esteem?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Nov 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take a look at two words you’ve used.
“Bullet-Proof.”
The irony of these two words is to get that bullet-proof you got to do what most
men and women are unwilling to.
Yes, you’re going to have to be vulnerable.
To do that, you got to let go of how you deﬁne your self worth with things out
there and look inside within yourself.
This was one of the most diﬃcult things for me to do.
Why?
Because while you do it, your ego will tell you to save your pretty little image and
keep it intact by making you delusional that you can’t take the pain, the rejection
and you need to protect your…image.
“Protect what little you have..”

This is from wanting to control. It’s ego. Fear based.
The fear of loss.
Remove this mask and show vulnerability.
As an example, one of the fears of people is approaching someone they are
attracted to to ask them out because they fear…rejection. They will do everything
else except showing intent.
They fear it due to one of the masks they wear which is they feel their self worth is
deﬁned by someone else’s opinion. That someone else’s opinion is far greater
than their own opinion of their own self worth.
Another example is connected with someone else and both are attracted to each
other, however one is scared to care, to show emotions of love, to say what they
feel and desire someone due to the fear of loss.
They fear the other person might dissappear and so they will get hurt. Their ego
is getting in the way. Their ego is focusing on the fear of loss.
Pain is part of life.
Sometimes we will get hurt by people who we love but what happens is the
person thinks their self worth and what completes them is due to someone else
coming into their life.
As you can see, there is a consistent pattern.
That a person of low self esteem is attaching their self worth on external objects
instead of looking within themselves.
External objects like:
1. Approval from others
2. Validation from others
3. Acceptance from others
4. Income
5. Job
6. External beauty
7. House
8. Car
9. Reputation
Now imagine if you’re self worth is attached to these with an understanding that
these in that list can dissappear at anytime and some through a longer period of
time.
But let’s say you lose all these.
Then what’s you’re worth?
What are you worth when you have external beauty and you go ill and age?
What are you worth when you are young now but you get older, and ﬁnd your
resources of men/women has depleted?
What are you worth when you got the mainstream perception of good looks and
you have an accident that takes it away?
What are you when you are ﬁred from the job for whatever reason and every week
companies reject?

Now what is your self worth?
What if your house and all the things you base your self worth, your value is all
gone.
You’d be depressed.
You’ll feel helpless.
You’ll feel lost.
You will live in fear and always trying to seek strength externally and love
externally than from within.
You see, the bullet-proof you speak of is called…control.
Control is fear based.
It is the fear of loss.
Until you remove the social masks and look from within yourself, you will always
self sabotage the good that comes.
You see people trying to control their girlfriends or boyfriends with jealousy and
possessivenes. They ﬁnd themselves out of a relationship later on because who
wants all that drama and headache?
You see people spying on their girlfriend and boyfriends phone, social media
platforms and laptops due to fear of loss and abandoment. If one doesn’t trust
someone why even bother be with this person?
You see people connecting with each other because one is still living in fear of
loss, of fear of being hurt, they dissppear. They ghost the very person who gave
them time, emotional time, intimacy, love without a care in the world. They just
dissappear just like that. All because of their own insecurities and their own lack
of self worth.
I mean, who would do such an awful thing?
Someone of low self esteem or a Psychopath. All parading as some nice spiritual
or caring person and hurt people.
People who seek nothing but approval, attention and when they get it, when it
gets serious…they dissappear.
When someone who desires you and wants to give love, you will believe they are
too good for you, you’re not ready when really no one is ever ready, you will get
them to emotionally invest and hurt them by doing the dissappearing act.
Or you will lead them on and when it gets serious you’ll say you love them but not
in love with them. The usual cop out for people who live in fear of being
abandoned. Or who were never honest on what they wanted anyway because they
feared of not getting what they want.
You will see a job and you won’t apply because you feel unworthy to do so.
Or you do apply, and behave in a supplicating manner instead of speaking your
mind when asked what you feel your worth is.
You will see someone you’re attracted to and not even approach because you fear
rejection due to you being societally programmed to believe the opinion of
someone else about you is far greater than you’re own opinion.
When you want to achieve a goal you will not be honest, you will deceive yourself
with getting busy on other things because at deep unconscious level, the thought
is….

“What’s the use anyway. I’ll never be a scientist/artist/doctor/entrepreneur.”
You will rationalise it with being busy, saying you got other things you got to do
and deceive yourself.
You don’t believe in yourself and will do things for approval from your social
peers which doesn’t really help you to nurture your potential abilities within you
but imprison you with medicority.
Let me ask you a question..
How do people deﬁne success?
Many deﬁne success with how they fail, or how they accumulate labels of
recognition, money, wealth, job and so on.
We are always taught this is failure and this is success. We are taught it from a
young age in school with marks we get from assignment, tests and exams.
But success is really this…
The continuous, a progressive realisation of a worth while purpose.
You don’t see me saying the end, failure, success. You see “continous” and
“progressive” and “purpose.”
A human being purpose never ends. It is ever growing. You continue to grow in all
aspects of your life. On a spiritual level, success is the continous unfolding
purpose of…your…identity.
And your identity is the pursuit that will never end except when you meet the
grave. For the rest of your life you will battle to remove many masks.
Now think about that for a moment.
I didn’t say the purpose is a house, a car, success in a job, a promotion, thing or
what someone else thinks of you.
It is your identity which you must forge from within.
It is…your…lost property, hidden inside of you and covered with years of societal
conditioning. That battle is never ending..
Therefore, success is really to know…your…self and that’s why…you don’t need
the bullet - proof.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some men ﬂirt with women that they are not interested
in? Are they just doing it for fun?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why some women ﬂirt with men they are not interested in:
1. Because they are bored
2. Because they want to see if they can still get a woman’s attention
3. Because they want to see if they still got it
4. Because they want to feel they have social status
5. Because they feel shit and so they are trying to raise their self esteem
6. Because they just want some excitement before going home
7. Because they want to increase sexual tension to have sex with their
girlfriends/wifes who is crap at turning them on.

8. Because they just want to have a bit of fun
9. Because they want to remember how good it…feels to be desired
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is being "unromantic" in a long distance relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you talk about details, logic, small talk. This is called comfort and it isn’t
arousing. It’s…comfortable.
That’s why it’s called comfort phase.
You’re talking about family, friends, future together but you’re not arousing her,
she’s not feeling her emotions and her imagination isn’t on ﬁre.
There is no sexual tension.
It’s usual stuﬀ that also turns me oﬀ women because they are not putting eﬀort in
being playful sexually to arouse each other’s emotions and imagination.
Romantic talk?
Depends on the woman because it is about listening to her, hearing who she is,
her desires, and using what she shares to show you listen. It’s a skill where you
connect with her at an emotional, rational AND sexual deep level in an indirect
way and later in a more direct way.
One of the ways is role play, it becomes hard core, sexual. It’s about creating
tension, good, exciting, sexual romantic tension and it’s a diﬀerent kind of talk
that experienced men know how to do. If you don’t know then learn, read, ﬁnd
out.
Last thing you want to do is play safe.
If you ask her, she might not open up and say what romantic to her really means
because she might fear of being judged if her romantic means sexual talk, ﬂirting
talk etc.
What I do is I am bold, I don’t fear losing the woman and go for it and assess from
then on.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do you love to do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Sex
2. Hot steamy romance
3. 1–1 and threesome with women only
4. Sexual conversations. Small talk bore me.
5. Having a woman tell me how she feels, letting go, showing her feelings,
emotions, passion for me.
6. Emotional conversation that connects at a deeper level. Not small talk.
7. Food
Then there’s…
1. Reading
2. Seeking knowledge

3. Focusing on my greater purpose
4. Writing about dating/relationship/seduction..sex
5. Creating drawing/painting of women erotic, sexual illustrations
6. Travelling seeing architecture, cultures, music, food
7. My work which is coaching men on dating and developing one’s own
purpose (direction, goals, strategy)
8. Watching movies sciﬁ, time machine stuﬀ, space movies, comic hero
movies
9. Watching documentaries about space and nature, wild animals and not
so wild animals
36.9k Views · View Upvoters

If you could teach the world one thing based on your life
experiences, what would it be?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It would be this..
“Time is ﬂeeting. Do it now.”
Time. It will move past you so fast you won’t even see the years ﬂying by you until
either wake up or you ﬁnd it is too late.
Your youthful years will speed past you. You would wonder where did all these
years go, your youth go and how can it go so fast.
1. Have the knowledge. The experience and skill. Don’t leave things to
when it happens. When you see someone you’re attracted you, you are
prepared with the tools already. When challenges come, you know the
solution or know someone who has then solution. Don’t wait for things
to happen and then ask “what do I do.” Be ready. Be prepared as best as
you can.
2. If you are with someone, know someone, and you feel atttraction. Say it
to them. Be prepared. Be prepared but also know you don’t always get
the girl or guy for a reason. It’s called moving on to be with girl or guy
who is into you.
3. If you are with someone, a relationship and you love this person, say it.
Let them know how you feel because you may think you got all the time
in the world or you want to wait whenever….maybe what you say now
will strengthen the relationship to a level you won’t believe. Say it.
4. If you are walking and you see someone you’re attracted to. Approach
immediately and say it. It doesn’t matter if they reject. Just do it now. Say
it, be playful, fun, and say it.
5. If you have an idea, go and do it.
6. If you want to be a writer, an artist, a designer, an athelete, whatever…
don’t ask anyone about you want to be one. Go and do it. Write! Paint!
Draw! Train as an athelete. Do it.
7. If you love your mum and dad, say it to them.
8. If you know you need to call your loved ones, don’t wait. Pick up the
phone and talk. Do it and say whatever you want to say.
9. If you don’t know how someone else feels about you…communicate. Ask
them and the one who loves you will smile at the opportunity to now
lavish you with words that makes your heart ﬂy, and when they do, don’t

just say you feel the same…do the same. Let them know how you feel,
express, use everything you got to let them feel what you feel for the one
you love.
Time is ﬂeeting.
You was never young when you was born. You was born old. Time moves so fast
and you think you got all the time in the world.
You haven’t got all the time in the world.
You never know when your time comes.
Go and see the graves and you will see ages from days, weeks, months to years. It
comes whenever it comes. You and I have no control over it when it comes to
meet us all.
Time is ﬂeeting. Do it now.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

How often do you come across a woman who is exceptionally
hot and also has a great personality?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t attract what you want but what you are.
If your activity is in comfort zone, that’s what you get. If you get out of the
comfort zone and go further you will meet many attractive and interesting
women.
I meet many extremely attractive or “hot” women who have great personality.
Not that diﬃcult at all. Many interesting women who are hot, who look sexy and
who got great personality. Met a lot of them at Halloween party. Met many at a
business conference, museum, cafe when deciding what Mocha taste like and
had a great conversation and we met later on.
Many attractive women with personality but as I mentioned in the beginning…
You don’t attract what you want. You attract what you are.
If you think it’s rare, well, it be rare.
If you think there are many, you’ll behave in a manner to suddenly see they were
always all around you. You just didn’t notice which is why they are quite rare for
you.
Go out. Go to places where they are out and out of your comfort zone.
Massive world. Massive and you’ll start to meet many of them.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

I am 30, don't have friends, never had a relationship and have
no interests. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you do when you want jobs calling you? You apply. You get to work.
What do you do when you need some skills for some jobs? You get to work and get
the skills.
What do you do if you want to make friends? You go out and socialise and meet
people.

What do you do when you are not good at socialising and conversations? You get
to work, invest in knowledge and practise.
What do you do when you have no interest? You take interest in what facinates
you, what makes you turn on and be part of the world, or stay where you are
talking about your age, and what you haven’t got.
30 years old and only now you’re thinking about friends, relationships. Forget
about dating. You got work to do ﬁrst about yourself and get real in meeting the
world than hiding in the comfort zone..
It starts by stepping out of your comfort zone and caring about other people and
their interest, and it may open your mind to what you might be interested in.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I draw a boy's attention through social network
chatting?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what to avoid…and it includes forums, and sites like Quora…
1. Getting him to read your mind with hints
You know the one thing that attract a lot of guys? It’s not the girl that
plays safe. It’s not hints and signals. Many of us hate that crap. It’s
frustrating. It’s too much work on something we don’t know exist. So if
we don’t know you’re really interested in us, we’re not going to put the
work in.
You got to show certainty the way guys like us with balls do.
That is very attractive. It tells me, you are fun, you’re not too serious,
you’re going to be so damn hot to know, and you’re going to be amazing
when it comes to conversation, romance and sex. No hints. Let the guy
know you are into him and it he doesn’t show he’s into you, move on.
He’s not worth the time and eﬀort.
2. Avoid talking negative about past relationships.
Don’t vomit guys with your bad life experience, past relationships. We
get bored with such talk very fast. Everyone has a hard time in life, and
last thing we need to remember is past memories of break ups or
someone telling us about their breakup and relationship.
You do that and then what it tells me you’re not really interested in me
but for attention. It tells us guys you’re coming to us for emotional
support and believe me, I have said to many women to fuck oﬀ when
they do that. I’m not their dad, mum, sister, friend. I’m a lover. So leave
all that behind and focus on the guy to arouse him. Moment you start
talking about ex boyfriend, sex with someone else, bad times, we just get
turned oﬀ and get bored.
3. Focus on the guy.
Keep all about how you won this or how you got awesome grades, or how
you got a new job, how you got a new phone, later on. Focus on the guy.
That’s your goal. Grabbing his attention and in a positive way that
reveals the conclusion you want. You want him. You desire him and so,
your approach needs to show that from day one.
The key is to grab his attention and arouse, captivate.
You can do all that about your life later.

This is the time to ﬁrst get his attention and get him aroused, desiring
you and desiring to meet you. Be diﬀerent to all women who talk about
themselves, their past negative relationships or we’ll categorise you and
lump you with the rest who just want attention and we will get bored fast
and we’ll move on. We’ll shake our heads and realise you’re no diﬀerent
than the rest who want to waste out time for attention only.
4. Be Direct.
I don’t know how many times women contact me with messages and
expect me to be direct all the time. They contacted me and so be direct.
When you contact him, tell him what you like about him, you want to get
to know him, and meet over a drink. Be direct.
If long distance, then you cannot aﬀord to do small talk. You need to
ramp it up and arouse him, get him to desire you and you do that by
focusing on him, being sexual, ﬂirty. That’s how you get most of us guys
who are not brain washed, attention. We don’t apologise for being men
who desire women.
5. Certainty.
Don’t say words like “I hope” and “hopefully” and “maybe” and also
“probably.”
Be certain.
As a man I like certainty and so, if a woman doesn’t show certainty, it is
very diﬃcult to really see she is certain about me. So you need to show
certainty as time goes by and not send mixed signals. Be certain that you
will meet him.
Be certain that you like him. Be certain you desire him as time goes by
with saying it and avoiding “if” and “I hope” and “maybe” and
“Probably.” Be certain. If you want 100% from a guy then give 100%.
6. Don’t play games.
Look. Don’t send messages to a guy, he replies, and you dissappear to not
say anything back to him for days and weeks. Then you come back and
say something else, and he replies and again…you don’t reply to ﬁnish
what has been started. Don’t hint, no signals. We can’t read your mind.
If you desire a guy for romantic sexual engagement in future, then no
games. Be direct. Be certain Avoid talking about past relationships and
focus on him. No signals, no hints. Might as well get it over with or you
waste too much time. Online it is fast, we get distracted easily. If you
don’t say what you want then we can’t be assed ﬁguring it out.
We’ll move to the next woman and believe, we do have many who
contact us. Depending how valuable a guy is online, he’ll attract a lot of
attention from women. I get tons of messages on here and most I can’t be
assed with because they don’t tell me what they want or what they want I
don’t need.
7. Be Diﬀerent
Embrace that you are diﬀerent. If a guy doesn’t like your quirky ways
then fuck him. Let him go.
If you are fun, sexual, happy, be that. Don’t worry what other guy thinks
because there are plenty of guys who love girls who are fun, sexual and
happy. If you’re an arty woman, creative, talking, love sharing your

feelings to a guy you like..be that woman.
Be diﬀerent means being yourself and just let it rip. Embrace your
uniquiness because many guys love it.
We get bored with girls trying to be someone else, holding back,
reserved, not willing to be vulnerable. Be diﬀerent. Let go and if the guy
doesn’t like it…hey..stuﬀ him. Plenty who will embrace your uniquiness.
We understand at ﬁrst you’re nervous, shy or whatever but as time gets
long you got to now open up. Or we’ll just see it like you don’t care, and
really this is just you wanting attention from a guy due to boredom.
8. Give the Call Of Action
Lead the conversation always to number exchange so you meet.
Move it to the next phase.
Don’t wait to look looking for hints and signals. If a guy does’t bite, you
can now stop wasting time on a guy who isn’t interested to move to a guy
who will be.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Facebook is earning its revenues in billions. What is the real
source of income for this social networking site?
Adam Taha, I use social media
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Facebook makes money from the following:
Advertising.
Companies can target buyers who visited websites outside facebook and
if they change or add status, it ﬁlters and again targets audience
changing behaviours.
Advertisers paying more to sell products on social networks, and social
networks working out more ways to show you adverts.
The more information Facebook has on a speciﬁc user, the more valuable
the ad space is for companies.
New and innovative styles of adverts also encourage advertisers to spend
more money with Facebook.
Commissions.
Facebook also takes comissions. Examplem it takes a 30% cut of Zynga's
revenue, and similar cut from other companies.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is very insecure (she looked through my whole
phone when I left it at her house) and expects me to be
completely open to her about everything in my life. But when it
comes to her phone, she's secretive about the people she texts.
What should be my next move?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The one thing I ﬁnd about people who say someone else is insecure and this is
what they do to them- is they themselves don’t see their own insecurities either.
You’re passive-aggressive. You haven’t set boundaries.

Why?
1. You don’t set boundaries and be passive-aggressive because you fear
losing her.
2. You let her do whatever she wants on her rules, her boundaries while you
have none because you fear loss. She doesn’t fear losing you and she
knows you fear losing her, and so she can walk all over you.
3. In the beginning, she has tested your frame and you didn’t stand up for
yourself due to fear…of…losing her. So bit by bit, she does more and you
just let her do it. She does it because she is projecting her past
experiences and perception onto the relationship and you as a man,
need to lead and sort it out by putting boundaries in place.
People blame other people, other circumstances like they are controled by other
people. Reality is, you LET HER do this because you are seeking her approval, her
validation, her acceptance instead of having self respect and set boundaries.
Boundaries by the way you stick with no matter what.
One way of doing it is..
1. Stay calm
2. Put a lock on your phone
3. And then stand up to your boundaries with calmness
She can do this to you but if she was with a man of self worth, believe she won’t be
able to shake his state of frame. He’ll communicate and let her know, that under
no circumstances she invades his privacy and even asks for his phone to check.
Not one woman does that with me and you know why?
Early frame attitude.
From day one, I know the woman’s boundaries and she knows mine, and we don’t
step over them. We don’t cross the line and if we do, we sit down and talk.
Second I put things in place. I lock my phone.
If it happens again consistently, if boundaries are stepped over… it’s time to
assess the relationship and if that means we part ways…so be it.
9.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the history or origin of the concept of a soulmate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Soul mates comes from the process of societal conditioning, a social construct
where society is being trained to behave in a manner for a certain response that is
favourable to their social peers.
For centuries society was been conditioned with all kinds of myths, legend
stories, religion about love. Much of it is based on nothing more than
myths/stories.
The history of soul from what I have learnt over the years goes like this.
1. Plato in a story where human beings orginally had four legs and four
arms, and a single head with…two faces. There were 3 types. The man,
the woman and a third called the Andrognyniys.
Each creature had two sets of genitalisa and the Androgynous had both
male and female genitala. The men were children of the sun, the women

were children of the earth and the Androgynou were children of the
moon.
The story goes the humans had such power of strength that the god felt
threatened by them. The gods decided to ﬁnd a way to destroy the
human beings with lightening as they had down with the Titans.
However, if they did that then they’ll lose all these sacriﬁces and tributes
the human’s were giving to the guys.
Zeus, the Greek god had an idea.
How about he split the human’s in half as a way to punish human pride.
Zeus is some piece of work talking about pride, because he also had
another motive. By splitting human beings in half he can more human
beings giving tribute to him and other gods.
So it happened but these humans who were split felt hopeless, felt
helpless, were in such misery to the point they starved themselves. They
didn’t feel like eating and so they would die.
Appollo steps up and he begins sewing them up and creating bodies and
tries to put them all back into their original form.
Each human had two arms, two legs, one head, one face, one set of
genitalia and forever long for….the….other his/her of her/his soul.
The story reveals that when two ﬁnd each other, there is an unspoken
feeling, a power between them, that they feel uniﬁed. They would be so
conected, so into each other, lie with eac other in oneness, in unity and
would know no greater joy than that.
2. There are other acient beliefs with diﬀerent gods that also tell similar
stories in their own way. You can also look at tribes who also promoted
and indoctrinated such stories within their tribe.
3. There is also religions that also spread this story which is where the
socially construct of marriage comes in.
4. Now imagine these myths, legends and stories being replayed over and
over again, in diﬀerent ways, right stories of sleeping beauty, cinderalla,
shakespear plays, movies from diﬀerent countries and cultures.
All kinds of tools to condition people’s perception regarding the..soul
mate.
If we look at just some of the movies
Its a wonderful life
Somewhere in Time
Defending Your Life
Zobra the Greek
Only You
Don’t Die Without Telling Me Where You’re Going
Serendipity
Hedwig and the Angry Itch
What Dreams May Come

Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind
Mermaaid television ﬁm. Not Mermaid Cher Film that has same name.
The Fountain
The Lake House
Hancock
Time Travellers Wife
Cafe De Flore
Cloud Atlas
Soul Mates
Love Jones
I haven’t even included many movies from diﬀerent countries like Bollywood
Movies, Arab Movies, Chineese and Japanese Movies and on and on it goes.
I haven’t included songs, comics and cartoons etc.
All these and more were used as tools to condition society about soul mates.
I have given but a brief or tip of the iceberg regarding the history of soul mates. If
you dig even more you’ll ﬁnd it goes way back but it is based on mythology,
poerty, songs, religion and superstitions.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I still feel love towards an old boyfriend that I was
involved with 30 years ago?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are in love with the idea of him.
You like..the…emotions, the feeling and think it is love.
You see your life now and because you’re not satisﬁed or bored, you start to
imagine, and suddenly you go into your memory for something you crave. The
feeling, the arousal, and the chemicals begin to kick in.
The more you do it, the brighter the memory, the more you yearn for it to happen
to create stories in your mind of what can happen, what should have happened,
and “if only..”
You’re in love with the idea of him, the feelings when you think of him…not in
love with him.
You don’t know him but only the perception that you got of him, and all the
emotions you create around this memory, and much of it will be skewed because
it is just an idea fore he would have changed in many ways as I did.
So women who knew me 20 years ago, who didn’t even give a shit, now desire me
because I have changed and because of one powerful thing…
Their biological clock is now ticking.
They are not young anymore. Their resources of men have depleted and so a
person wonders about past romance, past love, if they are available.
But I am dating younger women. I am living life big. They see my life is exciting.
The places I go like Paris, Rome, Italy, Venice, and all over and when they hear me
talk, well, their so want to ﬁx me, change me, desire me but I don’t desire them
now. That time for them has gone and I’m not interested.

They had their fun and now their biological clock is ticking and now, they are
panicking and wondering, and emotions now kicking in and the man of resources
today, who is conﬁdent, with purpose, sexual experience is gold to women in this
day and age but I don’t desire them. I’ve moved on. Changed as a diﬀerent man.
The table in a sense how now turned.
You don’t feel love for your ex- boyfriend.
You’re in love with the idea of him. It is the emotions you feel which is connected
to your ex and not you seeing your ex for who he is.
That’s what you’re in love with….the emotions, the feelings..the arousal and so,
you like those feelings and keep thinking, doing it, as the same routine of life,
then boring, the not so exciting, the monotoneous of it all is forgotten for a while.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What will you do when you hit one million views on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t be waiting for my views to hit one million. Instead before it ever hit that or
even 10,000 I’d have already…
1. Got my website and system designed and built
2. Got my products sorted
3. Build a customer base
4. And focused more on other avenues that has more reach for my targeted
audience
5. Used other social media that my target audience uses
6. Tested, measured, optimised, etc.
The way I see Quora, as a place for answering questions and I like writing, helping
folks out with…answers, not private messages.
It’s an awesome platform but you need to know where you’re going and why.
Is your goal just ramping up lots of votes and followers?
If so, then what?
How does it impact your goals in the real world?
I love the platform, it’s awesome, well designed, and brill functions but I have to
be realistic in what it can do for the real world I am in and for the greater purpose
I’m working towards.
I’ll still be using it but I’ll focus more on priorities.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What were you doing before writing this answer?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Updated Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I answered a question and started working on one of the illustrations….

I’ve stared to add more details and colour to it..

If you like to see more then I created a blog on Quora to sketches, paintings and
digital designs like magazine, website layouts I am designing…
My Sketches, Paintings And Digital Designs

377 Views

Would you go above and beyond for the woman of your dreams?
Adam Taha, Sleeping in the streets experiences
Answered Oct 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you mean by go above and beyond?
If you mean..
1. Wait for her for 20 years? No.
2. Wait for her to make her mind up? No.
3. Go without sex if she doesn’t like sex? No.
4. Have her shouting, swearing, verbal abuse at me? No
5. She cheats and..wait a minute. No woman can cheat with me anyway
because I am non-monogamous and she knows she can still be with me
and date and have sex with whoever. Cheating ain’t a problem.
6. Jealousy and possessiveness? No.
7. Her parents said no and she agreed? No.
Now if you said, that if you loved a woman and she loved you, and you both
agreed to meet in a year or two. Yes, sure but then again, she’d know that I am
non-monogamous who dates women locally too and she be same with her life
too, so there won’t be frustrations like most go through, and banging our heads
on wall why one or other is not online or in touch for days and all that.
So the social norms will not apply to me.
It may do so with you but even then, don’t wait. Move on.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Whenever someone shows a lot of love towards me, my ﬁrst
reaction is get repulsed and recoil. This pushes the person
away. Then I feel very bad and yearn for their love again. By
then, things have changed and the person is not able to express
himself/herself that way. Why am I like this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ve already covered similar question here:
Adam Taha's answer to Why do I never fall in love with a guy?
You went through past experience, which has made you afraid, scared to fall for
someone because you are trying to avoid pain. You’re scared of getting hurt.
Fearing you’ll care and fall in love with someone and ﬁnding out they later leave
you, and you lose that connection. So it triggers deep emotional wounds that
about all kinds of losses you have experienced stemming back to your childhood
years.
There is no one size ﬁt for the solution as everyone is an individual and we’re not
therapists. Consult a therapist to sort this out or stop doing the things that push

people away. It’s not easy to look back in childhood years and face whatever is
triggering your behaviour but it can be done.
I’ve done it myself through lots of reading and that’s why I am very direct now,
show vulnerability and don’t pull back when someone shows aﬀection, care, love.
What you’re doing ﬁlling in the addiction, a craving for attention but when you
get it and it gets serious, your behaviour results in you pushing the person away.
Either by distancing yourself, testing people, doing all kinds of stuﬀ, not showing
emotions, care, feelings in words and intimacy to the person.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Long distance relationship. Is a break no reason for worry?
What should I do? I think there are misunderstandings.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I believe in breaks but you’re not even meeting this guy. It’s long distance and so,
I feel he’s psychologically getting you ready for a breakup.
I cannot understand people in long distance who want a break. Sure,
communicate less if need to but break? You don’t even meet every week or every
month.
So something is up and saying “as friends,” no that’s deﬁnitely something going
on.
There’s more to this story.
Have you two been arguing a lot lately?
If so, then this maybe the reason and so he is now unsure about you and being
with you in the future.
If there is a misunderstanding, communicate with him and be open to ﬁnd out
more from him.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How long did it take you to get over someone you truly love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The orginal question before it was moved to the above was…
“How long does it take to truly love someone?”
You can fall in love real fast. Yes, you can fall so fast you won’t believe it or you
can fall in love slower where it takes time. None of that makes it wrong.
I’m not going to go into chemicals and infatuation and love process. You can look
up diﬀerence between infatuation and love to learn more.
But it depends on the person. Everyone’s diﬀerent.
The thing is, even if you love someone, they may not feel the same way and at the
same intense love you have for them.
I personally won’t stay long with such a woman.
I like the passion, the intense words, feelings, emotions, desires a woman says to
me and she shows it in physical action, tenderness, physical touch as well, hot
ravishing sex too and kindness.

I was once diﬀerent where I didn’t show it and it’s not a great place to be because
due to fear of caring because you might get hurt.
But I rather feel that feeling by giving 100% than half.
And so, if the women I date and be in relationship do not show this intense
feeling, then it won’t go any further. I’d know anyway before we even dating
seriously or meet because we’d have communicated and I’d sense their love
language. If it’s not compatible to my desires and needs, it won’t happen.
So you can love real fast or it takes time.
But you may ﬁnd the other person takes either longer or they just stone cold
dead, or they don’t show feelings the way you do, and you want more than this. If
so, make sure you be with someone who does and can show it.
Last thing you need is be with someone who just scared to show their love,
feelings, desire in words, verbally and in action.
25k Views · View Upvoters

What are the key traits of mentally strong people?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are many but I will only share two because if you can get these two sorted,
then you will for sure, be able to sort all the rest.
Conﬁdence and Mental Toughness.
It is not easy to do but as time you will grow to have a consistent state of frame of
mind that is stronger than a massive crowd shouting at you.
It doesn’t mean you won’t fail and falter.
It means you are humble in that you embrace growth to keep moving forward. No
one is invincible. We are human beings and so we will fail, fall to rise up due to
these two.
In doing so you will grow in empathy in the struggle of others.
So much so many will trust you because you are consistent when you are in a
time of excitement and when excitement runs out. You are consistent when you
are infatuated and when you are not. You are consistent whether good times or
hard times.
Women will desire you more in greater numbers and they will even wonder what
is it you got that attracts them. They cannot ﬁgure it out. It’s strong, powerful,
magnetic but they just cannot put it in words.
You are conﬁdent and comfortable in your own skin. You have mental toughness
and consistent when you get trolls in life:

You are consistent when people come at you seeking knowledge, expertise, your
time but you are willing to say no, no matter what because you choose wisely who
to give your time and expertise to.
You’ll be glad you did as you see their true face and character stand out to say you
was right to say no…

You have a purpose. You don’t do things to seek approval, validation and
acceptance but you keep doing what you do. In doing so, you are calm, collected
and the result is you begin to change lives even with silence…

I get many messages. I disabled the comment for many reasons but the number
one reason I do so is this - for a healthy mind. That mind took a lot to nurture and
therefore, no one is going to tell you or me, what they are entitled to.
They can shout, scream like little children for not getting what they want and
create lots of questions why authors disable the comment. They can assume
many things but let them. Your mind needs to be protected and let your ego die
for you all care. You have nothing to prove but to do your work to the best you
can.
I have forged these traits like a black smith pounding away with steel hammer to
build within the furnace inside me.
Ripping every social norm, tradition and belief I can from societal conditioning
to be the man I desire to become.
It is not easy.
I sometimes fail. I sometimes lose track. I sometimes falter but the conﬁdence
tells me it’s part of my growth. To get back up and keep moving forward.
It tells me I need to keep growing.

The mental toughness keeps me bouncing back up fast to keep moving forward.
Nothing we desire to last and build is ever easy but it will last us longer than what
we can buy today and what illusions of this world so loves to promise.
It will stand strong against mediocrity and the noise that tries to distract you
from your own purpose and vision in life.
Hold these in your hand like burning coal for it will feel like that but nothing you
want so great comes easy and without some pain.
They are…
Conﬁdence and Mental Toughness.
You will change lives with these two even in…silence.
13.3k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend does’nt accept me for who I am, what do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this young boy who returned home and he was chased by a wolf.
Seeing how he could not escape from the world, he turned round and said..
“I know, that I must be your prey but before I die I only ask one favour. That you will
play me a tune so I can dance.”
The Wolf agreed to play a tune and as he was piping away the Kid danced.
But some hounds hearing the sound ran up and began chasing the Wolf. He
turned to the kid and said…
“It is just what I deserve; for I, a Wolf, who am only a butcher, should not have
turned to be a piper to….please…you.”
And with that he ran away as he was chased by the hounds to ﬁnd himself facing
no escape but death.

I have learnt early on in my young years to never change for anyone. It only
brings a fate worse than you can imagine especially if you are trying to please
someone else. It never ends well.
I have walked away from many women who try to change and ﬁx me.
To get to the women I desire and who desire men like me, without trying to ﬁx me
takes a man to have self respect.
I had to approach many women and ﬁlter and screen out. I have boundaries.
They knew the boundaries well.
She is testing your frame and she has probably tested your frame before and you
let her. Step by step she will try more and more until when she has done all she
desires, she will say to you she is not in love with you.
Give you all kinds of bullshit and then be with men like me, who she knows she
cannot do a damn thing with her controlling ways. She’ll be happy too because
she knows no matter what she does…she knows she can’t do the same to this
man, like she did to other men.
I am not broken and never have been.

Nor are you.
You don’t need to change and be ﬁxed.
People know from day one who they are dating and getting into, and yet, they just
want to control, manipulate and change you. They are manipulative and
controlling. They will ever be happy with who you are.
You know what to do.
You show her the door and for her to realise, her manipulative and controlling
ways are over.
972 Views · View Upvoters

What are the top hobbies that make you smarter?
Adam Taha, Developing the mind with hobbies
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Reading.
I read a lot on history, culture, funamentals of the laws of success,
psychology, marketing, science ﬁction. All kinds of books which helps
open my mind and helped to increase a lot of value in many
conversations.
2. Writing
I write daily and it’s a habit that I have developed from a very young age.
Writing down my ideas, thoughts, stories and knowledge helps me to
retain information but also helps me to understand what I have learnt.
3. Imagination
I spend time meditation and take my mind wherever I want it to go. I
have now come to a level in which I can imagine places, ﬂy wherever,
whether planets and universe or even landscapes, ﬁelds and I can sense
the smell, the touch, the feeling. Yes, I can even have sex and feel it using
my imagination and this also allows me to converse with women at a
deeper emotional way that many have said no man has ever done, and
well, let’s say, sex happens a lot.
4. Traveling
I travel the world and I am excited about the future. The more I travel to
experience the cultures, way of life of others, the more my mind opens
even more. The more I am excited to learn new languages so I
communicate in the language of the countries I am visiting.
5. Weight Training
I hit the gym weekly and I ﬁnd it has helped me get stronger mentally
and physically. I am not tired as much with lots of energy. It has helped
to organise and form a good eating habit and diet which is also good for
then mind too.
6. Rich Conversation
I have many conversations with women as I meet a lot oﬄine and online,
but mostly oﬄine. Conversations are very sexual abd that alone needs
knowledge, and it is not like talking to woman like you do with everyone
else.
I don’t agree on such ridicolous notion most men and women advise on
how you talk to everyone the same. Instead the conversation is very
diﬀerent and it arouses, captures emotions and leads imaginations to
which builds a very deep connection and also a lot of dates with women.
It has also helped with conversation for social with anyone, and
businesses. You use your mind a lot when you are truly conversing,

listening and engaging others to the conversation. I ﬁnd conversation is
a lost skill and art these days.
21.6k Views · View Upvoters

Could you date someone who's not as good looking as you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t have some rating system on how good looking I am. I don’t base my
success with women because of looks. I base it on my knowledge, experience and
skill.
Woman can be very attractive or average but if she doesn’t make me FEEL, if she
doesn’t show interest, if I ﬁnd she just not connecting with me the vibe that turns
me on, it doesn’t matter if she is a godess. I will lose interest.
I’m sick and tired of that and left that way behind.
Yes, I do date attractive women, multiple women but they make me feel. I have
also dated women who are average looking because they make me feel. They turn
me on, they arouse, they are consistent in communication, they accept who I am,
they sexual and they are good at ﬂirting.
If an average looking woman and an attractive woman where now standing in
front of me, and the average looking woman makes me feel alive, turns me on,
arouses me, respects me, does not label me, doesn’t do half of the damn things
most women do, who do you think I’ll be dating and probably if all turns out well,
be in relationship with?
The average looking girl.
I don’t have this score thing like 1–10. All I have is this..
I see a girl that’s attractive to me but if a girl walks up to me, says hi, and is fun,
playful, funny, makes me laugh, arouses me, ﬂirts, well guess what. I’ll not even
give the attractive girl a second look.
I’m going with this girl right here who made me feel alive.
That to me is at the top of the list!
Feeling.
It’s not a good feeling being with any woman who is not sexual, who can’t arouse
you, who is insecure about her sexuality, who has no sex drive or low sex drive,
who can’t talk and ﬂirt, be fun, instead of serious. It’s not that great and I don’t
want to spend my time with such women, whether they are attractive or not.
It makes intimacy really crap and conversation dead, and sex rubbish. No passion
whatsoever.
It’s about feeling that closes the deal for me.
They are sensitive, they show emotion, they touchy physical women, they are
highs sexual woman, they tell me how they desire me, they speak with hardcore
sex words and make it sound like poetry, and they talk dirty, all time with me and
I LOVE it. They are romantics in their words and behaviour.
You see what I mean? They make me feel alive.
So it’s not just about her look. I can have BOTH, the look and for women to make
me feel a certain way. If I just have the look it won’t do much good for me. It be
shit. It be like dating a zombie. It be like having sex with a robot.
No feeling.

That’s the thing.
Most people always focus on one speciﬁc thing and forget the rest.
No wonder so many relationships get messed up. No wonder people date
someone who isn’t compatible to them.
No wonder some guy sees a piece of juicy ass and face and ﬁnds nothing. Just no
feeling. Nothing and then complains how to change her.
Forget changing anyone.
Go with the looks that is attractive to you and the feeling.
There are plenty of people who date others who are not as good looking as they
are, but these people had high value. They had something much more on oﬀer.
They have this quality you can’t ﬁnd in many people.
Most people don’t have much more to oﬀer because they don’t invest in
themselves and focus on the wrong things.
They either got a lot of baggage. They either do things for nothing more than
attention or for ego. It’s never really connecting at a deeper level.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

If you have a lot of views and upvotes on Quora, does that make
you a good writer?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I have a lot of views it’s because..
1. I am pissing oﬀ alot of women and men
2. A lot of women who desire sex, are building up the courage to hit send.
They are making their mind up back and forth wondering ;)
3. They get a good laugh and feel good about themselves how they are not
as messed up as they thought they were.
4. They realise assholes and jerks and players are not ﬁgment of their
imagination but they do exist and I am one of them. Hello everyone :)
5. Because I have a large crowd of haters or someone says I do…
Why do some people hate Adam Taha?
6. They are wondering how many violations I will break before I get
banned. Yes, there is a bet at the moment from what I hear. Men are
betting it might take about another 2 months. Women are betting t won’t
last that long. So we’ll see. Bets still going.
(Oh, I got another one today when I ﬁnished writing this answer)
7. I write topics that’s a bit controversial at times regarding dating. Not
your mainstream social norm bullshit kind of stuﬀ.
8. They are observing for details and hoping it will show up so they can ﬁnd
me, kidnap me throw me into the next episode of Games Of Thrones and
hope, that I will be hunted down by vicious animals who will rip me into
shreds.
But it would never be because I am a good writer.
Because how do you measure a good writer?
With strong marketing you can sell books with poor writing like 50 shades of grey
in the millions; which by the way….women who say they don’t like men looking at

their asses, will buy and secretly fantasize about being swept oﬀ their feet by a
psycopath narcissistic rich guy who doesn’t know much about BSDM.
There are youtube channels getting millions of views and most of it is shit,
usually high energy nonsense which grabs attention and tons of trolls but you
make good money and it’s not way I want to go.
If I want to be popular, trust me, I won’t even be on here. There are far better, far
outreaching platforms with more global traﬃc and presence than Quora.
And if you move traﬃc here for votes and views, what is your return of
investment? You’re ego being pat on back?
You’re only helping Quora and their shareholders not you.
I’d have my own platform, with own strategy, marketing and budget for paid
traﬃc if what I was doing it for is lots of views.
So I am here for more bigger reasons than writing for views.
I am here to answer questions for those who had enough of the social norm
dating advise bullshit that gets you nowhere. Who know to not comment on my
posts because someone they know is watching…(don’t worry, the comment is
disabled so read, go out there and apply)
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ﬁnd women over six feet tall attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Height? That’s it? If all I am going by is height, then of course she won’t. Yes, I
love women who are tall and if taller than me, no problem.
But not all six feet tall women are going to be attractive to men.
On a personal note…
1. What if she’s a woman who is so socially awkward and socially inept?
2. What if her personality is something that turns me oﬀ?
3. What if she treats me and others around her like shit?
4. What if is very insecure about her own body and sex?
5. What if she’s asexual? Nothing wrong with it but not compatible for me.
6. What if follows social norms and traditions, and has this attitude most
have to put labels, slut shaming women and have negative vibe about
men?
7. What if she just a fucking bitch who thinks bitch is some word to claim to
show “YEAH, I am a bitch, which means I am a woman with equality”
crap.
8. What if I can’t stand her attitude?
9. What if she is just…a pain…in the ass? I mean, she just someone you
cannot date, even have sex with with her personality.
10. What if she cannot show feelings, cold, doesn’t show much loving and
emotion? I am a guy who desires women to show these emotions, and
yeahm even if she’s clingy, I don’t give a shit. I want to see her showing
her feelings to me than holding it but she can’t, won’t, doesn’t know how
etc. Then what?
Then the answer for me will be no.

Yes, I love dating six feet tall women and even taller than me. I have no problems
with that. I love those long legs…
But if she’s someone who doesn’t have the qualities I look for, then no.
What’s the point?
Even sex will be shit.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when someone you love lead you on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what I do..
1. Have a talk with them about my boundaries
2. I want to know where they stand
3. I let them know what I want for us to move on
4. If they don’t change then good bye
5. I block their number
6. Block them on social media
7. And move on.
I can understand why some people can’t even see these steps and common sense.
One is due to fear of loss, fear of abandonment, loneliness and how they can’t
ﬁnd someone else out there who will be better and treat them better. Someone
direct and keeps their word.
But if the person sees someone is leading them on and they don’t do these steps,
well nothing will change for this person. They will get hurt even more and then
blame men or women, and so on goes the victim mentality mode.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with my moody girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t deal with it.
I tell her to pack her stuﬀ and leave. I have no time for immaturity, where
someone want to bring their crap in my world, being moody and talk like that.
She be gone, out of the door.
I don’t deal with crap. I leave any crap attitude like that out of my life. I can’t
stand drama. Drama is when one points negative at you. It is also this bullshit
silent treatment and any bad mouths, deﬁnitely won’t be tolerated.
And love isn’t enough.
If there is no respect then she’s gone. Bye, bye.
Only reason men put up with that crap is they fear losing the woman and only
reason women think they can do that is the man adopted this “I am a push over
and you are my godessess,” pedestal early on.
Sort your boundaries out and stick with them no matter if the woman walks away.
You’ll never get respect like that.

Let her walk. Out of your life. Life has enough bullshit and drama to deal with for
you to have more from someone who suppose to love you, care for you and
respect their lover.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I never fall in love with a guy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In your own words..
“…it scares me knowing you can like someone but they wont like you back..”
But it we need to narrow it down and you do here..
“I dont want to expect anything from a guy knowing that he can leave me later.”
Here’s some reason why most scared of falling in love…
1. They don’t want to show vulnerability.
Real love is about being vulnerable. A new relationship is a new place,
it’s unfamiliar and new territory. You’re going to feel the most natural
fear of the unknown. Uncertainty.
Your core defences are now being challenged and you tend to believe
that if you care more, if you show feelings, if you show then man the
love, you will get hurt more. It also doesn’t help if you have other friends
who got hurt and they don’t take risks, and so their perception also
impacts your perception if you meet a new guy.
You then rationalise to yourself with all these labels and then make them
as your reality. Telling yourself always you don’t feel as much as others,
you don’t feel love, you don’t feel this and that so easily but all this is you
programming your own mind.
It is your core defences, the walls raised up high so you don’t open up
and show vulnerability.
2. It Triggers Past Memories
The new relatonship triggers past memories of fears, of being
abandoned, of being rejected, of someone you loved before and got
rejected. All kinds of memories that are connected to pain regarding
people resurfaces.
You are aware what it is like to get hurt.
The primary function of your brain is to detect what will hurt and give
you all kinds of reasons, and lies, and bullshit that it is better not to show
you care BUT…when you do that….the person sees you don’t care, sees
you don’t show feelings, sees you ignore his sexual words, his teasing, his
ﬂirting, his physical touch, his closeness, and he realises that it is best to
move on.
You can’t expect a guy to stay around because you got a body. You’re not
the only girl on this planet. Plenty of them and so why would a guy even
bother staying around if you don’t open up, turn him on, show him how
you feel, show tenderness and love.
In relationship you need to step out of the comfort zone and so, there is a
diﬀerence between you knowing you care about someone, love someone
to saying it often, letting the person know in every interaction you have

that you desire him, that you want him, that he turns you on and so
forth. I’m that type of guy that if I don’t hear enough of it and all I get is
talk and talk, with no sense of emotions of arousal, of love, of feelings
from a woman…attraction starts to fade. I begin to question and so,
thinking it and saying it is very diﬀerent.
You have to be vulnerable to do it and let go to show that person you feel
the same way and do so constantly. You don’t leave it to chances when it
comes to these things.
3. You question yourself.
You believe you’re not worthy of being loved. Like the young woman I
dated. She was 18 years old and her parents divourced, she had some
relationship that didn’t go too well.
Her self worth is low even when she says it isn’t because her behaviour
was contradicting what she was saying to me.
She was questioning why an older man, who travels the world, a man
who she has seen other men and women of inﬂuence, and see the world I
am in, would ever want to be with her.
She believed she lacks self worth.
She believed I am too good for her and well, sorry, that is not true.
Everything she saw took me years to build. Years, hard work and anyone
can do it if they put a mind to it even her and anyone else. She could
have learnt how from me. She could in time, after I feel I can trust her,
after we dated a lot, been intimate, got to know her, had sex many a
times, done things together….I’d show her how. I’ll open the door of
knowledge and access to how. I would have done for her. No problem. I
do that for people I care about and love.
Also, I was dating her and I was showing the feelings and constantly
sharing my feelings but wasn’t, and that should have been enough.
However, she seemed cold, reserved and that turns me oﬀ as time goes
by.
Her inner voice harmed her and made her feel insecure. It is tiring,
emotional draining and exhuasting being with a woman who just
believes in her own insecurities to be true.
It is very comfortable being in this place.
I don’t want comfortable. I want tension, a woman who shows sexuality,
passion and desire, caring, love. If a woman cannot show me this every
day, when I sexualise, when I show these feelings then in time, I will
move on.
And you probably seen that with guys. They’d notice that about you and
so you will always attract guys who don’t also show feelings. You will
attract guys who just wants a sex and if you just want a sex, nothing
wrong with that at all.
But if you want love, you cannot expect it when you don’t give it. If you
don’t show vulernability and do your best to show to man everytime you
meet or talk that you desire him, and all it is just talk, well don’t expect
love back. Some guys will just move on and you will only be with needy,

desperate and low self esteem guys.
Like attract like.
You don’t attract what you want but what you are.
4. Happines also comes with pain
When you experience happiness it ﬁlls you up and you forget sadness.
Same with sadness. You ﬁll yourself up with sadness, negativity, that you
are scared and someone will leave, makes you sad. You don’t think of
happiness but sadness.
Makes you closed up. Makes you to create the result as she did. Her self
prophecy came true. I did break up with her. What’s use being with
someone who is sad about something good, and worrying about it and
being possessive? She needed to focus on us two not what’s happening
outside or past or something else.
What’s the use of sex in physical and no sexual in words, showing
intimacy, showing emotions, letting go and show vulnerability? That’s
what makes sex amazing! It makes it passionate and exciting.
5. You can love someone more they love you.
Yes, I get it. You can love someone more than they love you. You show
feelings, you show care, you give it all even with sexual words, and sex,
and all kinds of stuﬀ and they…well…they behave cold.
They don’t even show it and just brush it oﬀ like it never happened. That
hurts. I understand but what if the other person does feel and you close
up, and they then close up and move on?
I like taking risks.
I like to give love a chance and I always will because the other way is just
self destructive. It’s sad. It’s just empty.
If I get hurt, so be it but I am not going to live my life feeling scared about
loving someone and let the past or anything deﬁne me to not love
someone I am attracted to.
As you can see there are few reasons and probably more if I continue but you get
what I am saying.
So back to the simplicity of the anwer..
You are scared that if you do care, if you do open up, if you do let go to fall in love
with a guy..it will hurt you.
That’s why you don’t fall in love.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

If there was an alternative to Quora, would you switch?
Adam Taha, The best alternative is your own
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If there was an alternative and it lets someone be 100% to write without the
moderation, and all those bots, and no more rules about being nice and joke
rules, then yes, deﬁnitely.
But I’m not waiting.

Focusing on building my own site and then my focus will be there more than
here. I’m designing the story concept for now for next step to build.
That way I have my own policy. Write what I want, be myself. You can’t be totally
yourself on here. And just answer questions on here when I feel like it.
842 Views · View Upvoters

My long distance boyfriend doesn't show me enough love and
doesn't understand that it's something I really need. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to be communicate with what you said in the details. You need to open
up and just talk with him calmly about your needs.
You just pick up the phone and have a talk with him instead of email or text, as
message can get distorted sometimes when one reads, for only see what they
think they see. That’s why it’s important to talk verbally.
Use skype or call him to talk.
Then open up and calmly say what you desire from him and why.
Or he won’t know what your needs are. Until you speak up and be vulnerable in
that to communicate, then he won’t know what you’re feeling.
He can’t read your mind.
I can understand your frustrations. It can be if the other person is not satisfying
your needs and so, communicate as that’s what you do in relationships.
Take the step to share what you feel with him and take it from there.
745 Views · View Upvoters

What is life like for men older than 35 who choose not to marry?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t speak for anyone else and also stats. Just myself.
1. I am over 35 and I am not married. Done it. Not interested in it. It’s me
who get proposed by women and I say no.
2. I date multiple attractive women
3. I attract younger women eﬀortlessly. It’s they who approach me
4. I am more fun, more sex, more adventures than I was younger, than most
young men and many married men from what I hear and they wish they
had my life. Wishing and deciding and making a choice is a diﬀerent
matter.
5. I have tons of friends oﬄine.
6. I have a huge social network oﬄine
7. I am content, happy, satisﬁed with myself and my life.
8. I am exciting of the future
9. I cook 4 times and sometimes 5 a day, 7 days a week
10. I coach and mentor men who are all over the world
11. I am healthy and I hit the gym 3–5 times a week….and look damn good
for my age

12. I am busy with my writing, developing of a business, creationg of my
products.
13. I spend time also to travel around world
14. I do not regret the past although I do regret not spending more time with
my parents, one who past away. My mum but anything else, no, regrets.
15. I don’t regret for choices I made. I think I made good choices and due to
them, my lifestyle and life is good.
That’s from a man older tha 35, and was married when I was younger, not
anymore. And life is amazing.
718 Views · View Upvoters

Do you think the hookup culture is destroying the dynamics
between men and women that lead to long term relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s all mainstream shoving it in people’s face like everyone is hooking up and
having sex…and…it’s harming relationships.
What harms and has always harmed long-term relationship isn’t the hook up.
That has been going for centuries. Sex isn’t something new.
What harms and has harmed long-term relationship is social construct factors
like:
1. The fallacies/myths regarding love
2. Lack of communication skills
3. Lack of relationship management skills
4. Socially construct factors such as Jealousy and Possessiveness
5. Laws that impact the relationships
Don’t also believe that men who date a lot of women don’t have strong
relationship that last years. I am one of those men and I know many, many nonmongamous who have amazing relationships that lasted 20 years and more.
I am in relationship with diﬀerent women - 16 years as I seen around me getting
divourced, breaking up, cheating, aﬀairs etc.
People have this idea that has no supportive data regarding hook up.
Check stats on sex women have with men. It’s not as the mainstream media likes
one to believe.
There isn’t tons of people as example in USA and England having sex here and
there.
I have sex 4–5 times a week, and that to an average person seems bizaar, because
the average person IF lucky will have sex once a week, and usually, dangled carrot
by the women they date or masturabating every week.
If you start with reading all kinds of blogs, websites, articles, Tinder, dating
website content shit about how girls are whores, sluts, and guys are assholes
sleeping here and there with women, and how people getting hooked up here and
there, and even on here where women and men slut shaming on women and
men…your own perception gets messed up.
You begin to believe in your own bullshit and the bullshit mainstream media and
some people try to sell to you.

Example - take a look at instagram and you see people showing hot photos, and
lavish lifestyle and you’re going to get depressed, insecure, and even believe some
of the shit that’s on there. Same with Facebook.
You got to be really carefully on the information because now, with the internet it
is so easily to believe in such things due to the speed and easy access to have your
mind manipulated. Yes, you can change by just reading all that kind of content
and seeing all these things on the social media platforms.
Much of the information are powered by forces that isn’t about your beneﬁt. It is
about THEIR beneﬁt. Money. Proﬁt. Many corporations own every type of
content platform out there that churns information and even weak data and you
need to be real good to diﬀerentiate truth from societal conditioning that is there
to only train people to continue believing the myths and bullshit out there.
In USA not many people are having sex. In Britain same thing.
If there was a big “hookup” culture, people can take their phone out, swipe or call
and walla! Sex! It would be so easy.
Talk to any average guy and even in UK when using Tinder or any of these dating
websites and he’ll tell you how hard that is. Even women will say to you how hard
that really is and it doesn’t happen that way.
Before, in early stages of these apps and websites, you could say things like that
can happen but now you got these apps and websites packed with…
1. Attention seeking women
2. Women who just want to show their faces and get some response
3. Men who ﬁll those sites to feed these women’s egos
4. If you haven’t the look, you’re done. It be very diﬃcult.
5. Dominating now with young hot men and young hot women.
So this hook up culture that’s suppose to be so big is really tiny.
The older women are not having as much sex as you think.
The average older man doesn’t either.
The younger women have more sex than the young men.
The average young guy is not having much chance of sex.

The guys who are good looking have a lot of sex. They get the girls.
The skilled older man gets to have lots of sex with younger women due to his
experience, skills and knowledge. He is in an era where he’s attracting the
younger women easily and eﬀortlessly due to his experience, knowledge, skill
and resources.
The bad boy will attract girls and have lots of sex while everyone is bitching how
he cock blocks, is loud, has no skill, is ugly but if he’s all this…what does that
make those who are not? Incompentent?! Worse.
This here will always be and no woman or man can stop this.
These guys will always attract the women and have more sex than any other guy.
It has always been this way for centuries and it will continue.
They don’t care about “Oooh hard for relationship.”

Some who talk like that don’t even get laid, never mind relationship. Nothing
lasts these days and relationship even monogamous is not easy. People cheat,
aﬀairs, break up.
They are moving from one person to another BEFORE they ﬁnally meet someone,
the 20th girl or 20th guy, or even more.
So people are….serial monogamous ;)
Don’t believe the hype mainstream media and all these websites and apps
promote. They got a reason for people to believe in what they say.
It’s called..MONEY….PROFITS.
The people at the top don’t give a damn except how they can make more money.
Making the hook up culture as something massive is money for them in the bank.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would he tell me he loves me, that I make him happy and
two hours later break up with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Reminds me of when I was asked what my favourite quote is…
“As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they
do.” - Andrew Carnegie.
I have this quote in my wallet and when I make time, I’ll print it, frame it and
hang it on my wall. It has a lot of wisdom in it.
People say a lot of things out of excitement or to avoid conﬂict in saying what
they want to say. They sometimes say what you like to hear to keep you hooked
but never really deliver.
So you’re like wondering what’s holding them back?
What happened to all the promises on how they will do whatever you want?
Like it didn’t happen.
You have to see if their words match their behaviour later on.
If their words don’t then they are either insecure, they either holding back for
some reasons or it is just immaturity.
Whatever the case maybe….you need to assess now if you want to invest anymore
time with someone who isn’t reliable.
I’m sorry to hear you got messed around. I think people who do that are just toxic
and just sad people. People with lots of bad habits and you don’t see it all until
you meet them.
Such confessions are serious but lots of people taken them likely.
This is guy who unfortunately you can’t really trust, immature and can’t control
his emotions. He’ll say whatever in the heat of the moment to keep you hooked
and then like you experienced, doesn’t really follow through.
He’s immature and whose words you can’t trust and rely on.
Best you be with a man who is mature, responsible in his words and follows
through in his actions. Someone who doesn’t so easily go with emotions but a
man who when he says something he means it.

Trust is something to not take so likely and you need to see his behaviour now
and not his words. You want certainty but you’re going to ﬁnd it diﬃcult getting it
from such a guy.
Best you move on to someone emotionally stable, experienced, mature and keeps
their word. He doesn’t look like he can.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever felt an insanely strong attraction for someone at
ﬁrst sight? What did you do about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. A few times.
The ﬁrst time was when I just ﬁnished college and when I did, I approached one
the teachers. I won’t mention her name but she was teaching science and also she
was a teacher for the graphic design.
So I saw her at the cafe, walked up to her and said..
“Hi, can I have a word with you in private.”
Then when we went out and I asked her..
Me - If you had to choose from going into class to teach or going out check out the
science museum, which one would you choose?”
Her - Oh, I see. Don’t tell anyone but I’d choose the science museum. Haha.”
Me - Good choice. I’ll see you friday then, and you won’t need to skip teaching.
Here’s the ticket, my number is on back.
And she called same day in evening, said she was taken by surprise, but liked it
and we went on a date and dated for 8 months before she left to America.
Second time..
when I saw a woman at a conference, and I couldn’t do anything until it was over,
but time I did she dissappeared. Like just…dissappeared.
So I later tried to ﬁnd her in other ways, and later it lead me to one guy, then to a
phone call that they know who she is and…she liked to meet me.
I met her at a large super maul shops with food area and later got married…
and..years later got divourced.
The third time…
I was walking into the nightclub owned by university and so I walked in, I am
older guy now, and was there to meet some friends. I know about engineering,
you know, music, desk and I had technical knowledge. I walked in the busy night
club, saw a woman dancing in middle of ﬂoor while most guys starting. It was a
full house, many dancing but my eyes were on her
So like I always do, a philosophy I always follow, in that if I see what I want then I
go and get what I want, and that’s what I did. I have early frame attitude in
showing my intent, ﬂirt, sexualize early to seperate myself from other guys and to
send her a message the type of man I am and that I’m attracted to her.
The message is always clear. Intent always shown in beginning. I don’t play
games. I don’t send hints and signals.
I saw her on dance ﬂoor, I immediately approached, danced in front of her.
She said she wasn’t here for anything but studying.

I ignored and still danced.
She again said she was only here for a year. I shrugged my shoulders and kept
dance. Third tme she said she was not looking for anything serious.
I shrugged my shoulders and kept dance.
Then after 10 minutes were dancing closely, my hands on her ass, grinding her,
and an hour or so later, we walked out and she became one of the women I date
and have been in relationship for 16 years.
Fourth time…
I was at a music festival. Thousands came to it in London.
Saw a blonde woman, same height, ﬂowing curl hairs, and well dressed in a place
where it was kind of crazy. I saw her walk into crowd with her friend.
I had another woman I was dating and I said to my girlfriend..
Me - Come on. I see a girl and I am approaching her and she has a friend
Girlfriend - OK. Get to her and I’ll talk to her friend so you can have time with her.
That’s what I did.
I went into large crowd, deeper until I saw her and her friend. Nudged her, started
to talk with her and my girlfriend talked with her friend, and dancing with her.
That gave me time to build on attraction, get her phone number and she gave me
hers. I found out she is living in a diﬀerent city and just came to visit.
All good but…
As I began the qualifying process, she failed.
She wasn’t showing enough interest. I knew, from years of experience, a girl who
fails the qualifying process is a girl to drop.
The attraction is not there. It’s going to be diﬃcult. Best to move on.
She also kept saying she is shy.
But…my ego was in way. She’s attractive, she has this white smooth skin, quiet
type and I thought a girl to cozy with, chill and not night club every week will be
awesome.
So I began later texting this girl and she was not biting.
I knew why. She failed the qualifting process. It is always the same. Every woman
who fails this steps, tells you to forget it. Move on.
But I kept going. My ego was in way.
Until one month of this not everyday texting, I suggested to go out and she gave
excuses. When she did that, it’s done.
I give a chance but if women don’t t say yes after I suggest, it’s done. I’m, moving
the hell on.
You don’t always get the girl no matter how good your knowledge, experience and
your skill is.
Because I did that, I met another attractive woman and dated her instead.
I learnt my lesson from then on, if a woman does not show intent, I won’t take her
number and move on.
But always immediataly take action and you won’t be burdened with regrets.

17.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says she values my friendship
too much to date me? Should I just continue being her friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is what it means in two parts…
Part 1 of the reason why…
You are too nice of a guy and behaved as such
You’re early frame attitude was of a guy who hesitates and lacks courage
You did not sweep her oﬀ her feet by taking risk
Her emotions weren’t captured, aroused and she could not see in her
imagination you have any value of romance and sexual experience for
her
The map of what a guy she’d be attracted to in behaviour did not ﬁt with
your behaviour you demonstrated
You spent too much time building comfort rather than attraction
You feared rejection and so you behaved as a friend to get close to her
You was too available and needy by doing things to see her response
You looked for signals and hints rather taking immediate action
You took took long and behaved like most of the guys she knows who do
the same thing. So she categorised you early on as a…platonic friend for
nothing more but to use your resources, time for emotional support like
an emotional tampon.
Sound familiar?
Part 2 of the reason why..
She has been getting emotional support from you so now she doesn’t
want to lose it. Why would she do that when she can get your time for
nothing? Then she can date someone else for just sex and then talk to
you of how her boyfriend treats her so, so bad.
She didn’t want to say no, but to pat you on the back, give you validation
to lessen the rejection blow. Many guys couldn’t take a no and so they
call girls sluts, bitches, whores and therefore, girls learn early on to say
something else to avoid such experiences.
She said it to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
It means…it is a rejection and do not ask her out again and to respect her
wishes. Know your boundaries.
If you want to be a friend, continue but do not do so like most guys, with
this hope she will fall for you because it will end in disaster.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Eric Mylos

If you were to write a letter to your narcissist ex, what would
you say?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why would you take the time to write to such a person who feeds on attention?
Why would you want to make them feel so damn important?

They don’t care! The more you put eﬀort explaining, the more they see it as you
giving them attention. The more they think they matter to you.
I won’t write any letter.
I’d move on.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

I been dating with guy for 5 year in a distance relationship
recently he ignores my call and texts, when I suggested a break
he agreed to it help?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no attraction. It’s gone. He’s not that bothered. When someone is not
even communicating with you then you know the cracks are shown.
I personally believe, communication is important. Being open with someone is
open and from what I say, he is not being honest.
He’s letting you lead to the break up because he likes to avoid conﬂict.
That’s why I never look at what people say as much as their behaviour. Their
behaviour will tell me all I need to know. I observe their actions.
Look at his behaviour..
1. He ignores your calls
2. He ignores your text
3. When you suggest break up, he laps it up and says it will help.
There you see the action. Forget his words. There is the answer.
To break up with this guy and move on. Don’t give him another chance. 5 years is
a lot and it is why I say to people..
1. Long distance is for a certain type of person. A person who has their life
sorted on solid ground. That you are dating someone locally ﬁrst. They
got to understand that you cannot just give years and ﬁnd out later
nothing. You gave 5 years and now, you haven’t got someone you dated
locally.
2. If they dissappear, then you have made sure you got yourself covered.
You are building locally as well and got yourself busy with your life.
3. That both are mature, conﬁdent and behave as mature adults where
communication is important. That you don’t just stop communication
and dissappear. That if you want to move on, say so.
Best you distance yourself from this guy and follow these steps and if in future
you do the long distance relationship, you have experience why what I am saying
works better. As long everyone knows, you, the person who is long distance and
the person locally.
There is nothing you can do with this guy. End it and move on.
He wants you to do it because he hasn’t the balls to say how he feels - that he was
already losing interest way back. Probably many months back.
660 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sweetie Green

What is your favorite painting and why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was in Barcelona and some friends asked me what is one of my favourite
paintings. If I had to choose and it has meaning for me, which would it be?
I saw many of Van Gogh paintings and also other artists but one stood out for me.
It became favourite painting.
My friends and the woman I was with thought I was going to choose a painting
with young woman with amazing curves, body that so gobsmacking gorgeous.
Understandably, she assumed what I’m like. I mean the way I approached her
before we dated and being in relationship, was all sexual.
The things I talk and write about and the business system I developing makes one
assume they know him but that’s the thing isn’t it. People think they know you so
well. Assume and don’t really know the deeper you.
Sure, there were some fantastic paintings and sexual ones, nudes, erotic and
some with gorgeous women and the usual I am into.
But their jaws dropped when I said...
THIS right here!

They were like, “WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!”
Vincent could have hired a young attractive woman but he chose to paint her. He
could have done what many painters were doing but he painted the old woman
from Arles. Many artists would comment how beautiful the women were in arles,
with their curves, their features and even the way they dressed and moved.
There was all this appearances which we see in our lives too.
But Vincent wanted truth.
In a letter to his brother Theo he wrote..
“I believe that there are real opportunities for portraiture here. While people here
are enormously ignorant of painting in general, when it comes to their own
appearance and their own lives, they are much more artistic than in the North..”
He didn’t want just the appearance. He always seemed to look for truth. Beyond
the glitter of the places her was at.
He did a lot of that with his paintings. People working in mills. People working
hard in the ﬁelds than beautiful women. You can see if you look at his paintings
he focused more on what our eyes seem to always ignore.
I feel like he was saying to me…
“In the end, we all grow old but Adam, as you are attracted to a woman….look
further for what’s inside of her. You can have both but make sure you look for her,
her inner self, her values, her thinking, her compassion, the way she sees the world,
her attitude to life and how she treats you and other people. Look for character.
Beyond the artistic appearances in a woman to see truth…”
That’s why this is now my favourite painting.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I mentally handle the fact that many guys pursue my
girlfriend? I do trust her, and she tells me that I’m the one she
wants to marry, but I still get jealous when other guys hit on
her. What can I do to avoid this jealousy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me share something to help you.
1. Guy infatuated by a girl.
2. Guy knows she’s attracted to him.
3. Girl is attracted to him too.
4. They date and have sex.
5. Guy forgets why she was attracted to him in ﬁrst place and begins to
change his behaviour into scarceity mode and to other unattractive
behaviour.
6. Guy has ego. He must put a label. The way Girls got to put a label but it is
mostly the guys who do this ﬁrst not always the girls. Girls always fear
“what are we?” and don’t say it and if a guy LEADS they’d be no label for
a long time but not so for most guys because…
7. Guy does the “exclusive girlfriend boyfriend” talk to send message to
other guys “she’s mine. Hands oﬀ” mentality. This is why girls do it too.
Got to have a label. Like it’s going to stop anyone being infatuated with
someone else and moving on. Scarecity mode.
“I want to know where we stand.”
But man, if you look for real, how many move from one relationship to
another? Look on Quora. Even married people breaking up. So even
marriage can’t keep a person with you and stop them falling for someone
else. Marriage is now mostly for legalities. Who gets what. Protection of
assets and stability, money etc.
8. Label is now sorted and message in his mind “hands oﬀ. She’s mine! ALL
MINE!”
9. Guy sees girlfriend getting guys looking at her. Like it never happened
before. She’s been getting these looks long before she met the guy and he
can’t think “but she’s with me. She chose to be with me thought.”
10. Guy goes on a averge chump mode and starts behaving weird. He gets
suspicious. Probably worrying who text her and who she’s talking on
phone and why she is using her laptop so often.
11. Girls slowly begins to see the attraction dying because she can’t
remember why she fell for him because he has changed to chump mode.
She just doesn’t understand why he changed like this or maybe this is
who is is from day one. That he’s insecure. That he isn’t conﬁdent as she
thought he was when he was playful, fun in the beginning.
He isn’t focused on building on attraction…comfort…but insecurities.
His state of frame has cracked and weak.
12. Guy gets increasingly insecure because he feels she’s pulling away
instead of correcting his behaviour to focus on building on attraction,
sexual tension and comfort. He doesn’t realise it and instead of
correcting his behaviour he increases the unattractive behaviour. He gets
pissed oﬀ when guys look at her. He asks her weird privacy questions
about her phone. He behaves irrational.
13. His lack of conﬁdence turns her oﬀ and she questions if she made a right
decision to be with him even more.
14. Girl wants the guy she fell for but he’s dissappeared somewhere and now
looks for that which she fell for in…….someone else.
Familiar?

Jealousy is a social construct.
You’re focusing on your own insecurities. You’re focusing on things you cannot
control but you can focus on the relationship.
You can do the following….
1. Be conﬁdent in your self worth. Remember she is dating you.
2. You can focus on having a great time with your girlfriend
3. You can focus to turn on the sexual tension by using the attention she
gets to your advantage in a fun creative way.
4. You can pin her to the wall, spread her legs, go down on her, as you grab
her ass cheeks and eat her out
5. You can visit sex shops and get excited and ﬁnd something to have a go
with together, and turn on the heat.
6. You can learn how to make her orgasm EVERY damn time you have sex
with her. Learn how to do this.
7. You can ﬁnd out what else turns her on and she opens to you in ways she
has never opened herself with ANY guy. Why do you think women
always come back to me. Always? The options out their is so poor she has
to come back to the conﬁdent sexually aggressive guy. The guy where she
cannot do what she does to other guys. She knows she cannot get away
with 90% she does with other guys with him. She knows, he has options
if she does.
8. You can get real kinky shit and make her feel so damn hot, that every
time she sees you, her pussy will be dripping wet just the thought of you.
She won’t help talking to her friends about you and even her friends
want to have a piece of you and ride you.
9. You can be creative with text with funny sexy stuﬀ and role play and get
her running back to you when she ﬁnished work or studies to ravish each
others minds and body
10. You can talk and create rich conversations with each other.
11. You can plan things together and make it a goal with one another to
build memories together.
Focus on the relationship,.
Don’t focus on being possessive.
Focus on you being a better man. Focus on hitting the gym. Focus on lightening
up and have some fun. Focus on detaching from outcome.
Because let’s face - in the end, if someone wants to leave, you can’t stop them.
People go in and out of relationship.
So why not let it go and focus on the present. The now. Enjoy whatever it is you
got with her and make everytime you meet an amazing experience for both of
you.
Focus on the relationship by building on attraction and comfort AND seduction
in ways no man can ever do for her.
You don’t need to be a push over, a chump to do that.
You do need to be man who has strong frame of mind.
63.6k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

I don't trust my mum, my brothers, my ex boyfriend, my
friends and anyone I meet. Is this normal? I used to trust
everyone but now seems to be no one?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You must have been hurt, got dissappointed real badly, let down and feel lack of
support. Something must have happened to maybe break your heart and to also
lose trust in people around you and to trust in someone.
I’m not going to say it is low self esteem.
I am going to say it is natural, for any human being who got hurt by the ones they
felt would not do so. That you found each person letting you down in some way,
or giving remarks which it hurt you.
Maybe your ex boyfriend too who you thought of all the people who would not let
you down…he did.
So when you ﬁnd yourself being hit by these experiences, it is diﬃicult to trust
others. It is diﬃcult to be vulnerable. It is diﬃcult to trust people you don’t know
and it’s understandable.
I would not see this if I was you as normal or not normal.
Instead see it as human beings can let you down.
Human beings are not perfect.
I’m not perfect and even unintentionally I found I can hurt others and without
realising it, and only when they tell me, do I realise and try to amend.
All I can say and hope for, is you don’t lose hope in humanity, in people because
there are so many good people I have met. There has been so many amazing
people who will respect you, who will be there when you need them or even stand
up for you when then time comes.
I don’t know what happened and I am sorry you found yourself losing hope in
humanity, in people. But I also hope you do not see it that there is something
wrong with you.
Rather such experiences will carry through and you will project such things in
future relationships. Sometimes you’ll meet someone who truly want to love you,
care, and be with you but maybe, the bitterness, maybe the dissappointments
and all you have carried with you will be projected on this person for them to feel
what is then use. To feel then to walk away.
I would talk to a therapist and not with this idea this is normal or not.
Rather to identify the pain, what triggered it and to then ﬁnd solutions to help
you. You need some help, knowledge, expertise and the tools to help you.
All the best
650 Views · View Upvoters

Is taking action the most important aspect for entrepreneurs?
Adam Taha, I observe people's actions more than what they say
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s right up there.
Deﬁnitely action is a strong factor when it comes to entrepreneurship and even in
other aspects of life, like relationships, as it shows conviction, integrity and
someone who isn’t just words.

In business though, I ﬁnd measuring is important but you can’t measure until
you take action. That’s why I like action in business.
I like to take action, see the result, tweak, and more action and measure, and so
on.
If I wanted as an example to start a business but I don’t know what to sell, I’d take
action on the research I did and test, move traﬃc and test, measure.
Without action nothing is going to happen but also, if one doesn’t prepare, do his
research, then one can waste time and resources.
I ﬁnd if one has an accountability way like maybe a mentor, it can help with some
accountability or it can be tough for a lot of people who get easily distracted, and
who plan…plan…plan and don’t really move forward.
704 Views

How did you start your own startup? How did you choose the
idea?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about pursuing and building a legacy

Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Now come on. What’s all this talk about dying?
Dying to start a business?
I don’t know mate. I mean if you’re going to die for starting a business, forget it. I
mean what’s the point, you DYING to start a business.
No wonder you can’t keep focused.
You’re all worried about dying.
Adam - So what you’re up to?
You - I am dying
Adam - Oh sorry man. You ill
You - No but I am DYING to start a business!
Adam - You don’t need to die to start one
You - I do. I must. I will be famous like Romeo and Juliet
Adam - WTF?
You see, you need to stop trying to die for a business.
Then take a deep breath.
Then talk to lots of people who have started a business. Call some expertise.
Locally. Go and visit some business events.
Find a mentor who can help you map out your talents, skills, and even get you
connected to meet diﬀerent expertise to open your mind.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Are you the best writer you know of?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories

Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t need to be the best writer to piss you oﬀ and anyone else. I don’t need to be
the best writer to compel people to tell me I am a player, douche, asshole, jerk and
ﬁnd their reality weak for them to do that.
I don’t need to be the best writer to have a ton of women sending me messages
when to meet for a fuck. I don’t need to be the best writer, best looking, best
artistst, best anything to approach women, get a yes and date, have an orgy,

I don’t even need to be the best artist, designer to make tons of money.
I don’t need to be the best at anything.
In fact, I know plenty of people who are better writers, better artists, better
musicians, singers, songwriter than I’d ever be even if I had two life times.
Compared to some of these folks, I am like a child, splashing in an ocean
trying to swim, drowning as they cruise like it was so easy to do.
But I am the BEST, yes the BEST, than ANYONE in this world, I mean anyone, and
let any BEST come and say I am not…on knowing what I want to do with my life.
The best motivator of my own dreams.
The best in knowing who I am.
The best in knowing what choices to make in my life.
The best in blazing the path for my own goals.
However, best artist, writing, dancer, this and that, hell, there are so many people
who will run circles round me.
And I like that a lot.
I like it because it tells me no matter what I learn, no matter how hard I train, no
matter how many books I read, there is always….always room for improvement.
That I will always be growing and that for me is a very exciting thing.
In fact, never in my life have I ever got bored. I knew there is so much more to
learn and time will never be on my side.
I love it when someone is better at me on certain skills.
It makes me smile. It makes me wonder of possibilities not insecurities.
It makes me want to do better. It makes me want to shake that person’s hand for
their conviction and even get to know them for their talent, hard work, passion
and discipline.
It makes me happy to know I will never know everything and so I can keep
learning, keep growing and keep embracing that I will never be the best at many
things but I can be the best at being…myself.
That I have to say I am very proud of.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you have any poems you wrote you’d like to share?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Here’s one…
They look for happiness at the end of the earth
They seek it in the dollar sign
They seek it in their wallets and purse
They seek it when they look back in time
But they do not look in this one place
Until it is the last place they remember and ﬁnd
It is in their lover’s face
Where everything stands still, yes…even Time
1k Views · View Upvoters

If you had to be stuck in an elevator with three celebrities, who
would you pick, and why?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah come one. Let’s have some fun here. Why so serious :)
1. Taylor Swift…

2. Her ex boyfriend…Harry

3. Kanye West who went on stage and took away her moment…

Then I’d have pop corn ready and bathe myself in the awkwardiness they’d feel
and be ready for an epic drama.
;)
74.6k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever loved the right person at the wrong time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. When I was monogamous. You can say this was one of those things that
really told me, monogamy sucks for me and I don’t want it in my life. Not only
that, even when I did the right thing, the right thing, I saw again how monogamy
is deﬁnitely not for me and never want to date anyone who is monogamous ever
again.
I walked up to a girl and if you read my answers before, you’d see that I am direct.
You know, the girl would know immediately I am not being a friend, I don’t want
to be her pal and I am attracted to her.
She said yes and all was well but then a few days later I was walking in the fair
and I saw a girl. I really liked what I saw. It was a very strong intense feeling and
not like I had with the other girl. This was really intense.
Her friend came over and asked me out for her friend, I approached and we
talked and I said to her…
Me - listen. I don’t want to hurt you. I am dating someone else but we only started
a few days ago and well, feeling not there as much I can feel here with you. I’d like
to not mess her around and be honest with her and I like to be honest with you,
by breaking up with her and then you and I can date.
Her - Ok. blah blah blah blah blah
As I walked away, I thought…
“DAMN IT! Why did I ask the other girl out. I am going to hurt someone. I wish I
didn’t ask her out and then I’d have met this girl and all will be well and not some
mess. I hate this.”
I later found the other girl I ﬁrst asked out and she seemed ok about it and said..
Her- but don’t tell anyone. Give me a week so I can tell my brothers in school and
my friends.
Me - Ok. I can do that.

One week later I see the girl I really liked at the fair and well, we kissed
immediately. I was good way back at ensuring to always behave as a lover.
It’s called the Early frame attitude.
So I never, ever had problems guys did in or asked such questions like when to
kiss and when to touch. Every girl and every woman later on, immediately kissed,
immediately on date we met or second day we had sex.
So we kissed passionately and were all over each other.
As we were about to walk away from fair, the other girl I broke up, well, her
brothers and some friends saw me holding hands and kissing this girl and…
Them - Hey what you doing? You’re going out with so, so.
Well hell broke lose and I couldn’t get a word in.
The girl I am with runs oﬀ crying and her friend blazing away asking me
questions and shouting, and I was not having it. I got guys behing me ready to
start something and I need to sort these guys out.
Then I can ﬁnd the girl and talk.
I found out the girl I broke up didn’t say anything to her brothers or friends. She
never told anyone we broke up. She was really pissed I broke up with her.
I tried to ﬁnd other girl but she was gone.
Later, weeks later I saw her at a community youth club but before I could say
anything, she hurled all kinds of verbal abuse. The place was packed with people.
I couldn’t even say a word. She just kept coming with those words.
I walked away. If you can’t speak civil, I won’t lower myself to that screaming and
you can’t talk to anyone who just screams anyway.
But I was hurt. I really liked this girl.
I did the right thing and still it fucks up. This is in a way why I just dislike
immaturity and people not willing to talk and just assume anything. If you don’t
give time to communicate you never really know what is REALLY going on.
She was young. I was young and well, I knew from then on I had to ﬁnd a better
way that works for me when it comes to dating and women. The way of social
norms, traditions was just not for me.
I grew to love her from a far and we never dated again.
I wished back then I could date more than one girl. Why do I have to fucking
choose? Fucking society and all their dumb shit rules. This would later propel me
to non-monagamy.
That was one of some events in my life I experienced that got me to think that the
rules of society that they follow, the social norms was not for me.
It can go and fuck itself and anyone who follows it and expects me to follow.
Later I ensured to live by my own rules and began dating multiple girls and that
worked for me. Freedom at last.
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you had just one question to ask to save you before getting
killed, what would it be?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Updated Dec 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Bloody hell mate, that’s the coolest gun ever!
Killer - It is?
Me - Yeah man, It’s like Clint Eastwood shit.
Killer - Hahaha. You’re not scared of getting killed?
Me - Why would I be. Would you if you know 5 of your mates are standing behind
the killer, point a gun at his head?
Killer turns round.
I bop him on head.
Takes the gun. Ties him up. Killer wakes up.
Put steel can on the killer’s head
Killer - What are you doing?
Me - I want to see how good this gun is.
Killer - Have you used a gun before?
Me - There’s always a ﬁrst time :)
33.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it worth it to wait around for something that you're not sure
is going to happen?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti
Picture freedom on the other side.
If you can get the attention of one man, who is hiding in that big fancy building
and inﬂuence him to give you the papers to get your passpoirt - you are free. You
can leave and ﬂy to England.
My parents could not enter back into the country.
They had no power to do much. It was down to me being resourceful and a pain
in the ass for one man how has power.
If they ﬂy from England to where I was, they won’t let them out. Things was
kicking oﬀ where I was. Revolution was about to happen.
You could feel the tension.
War is coming and I was running out of time.
So every week, I’d walk for hours on end and arrive in front of this big gold gate.
Behind that gate is my ticket to freedom.
Everytime the soliders would shout at me to go away.
Everyday they’d point a gun to my head.
Back and forth, back and forth, back and forth I went.
One soldier had to stop another who was getting real angry..
“Don’t. You crazy? The whole country will come at us.”
They could feel the tension too.
They couldn’t just shoot me because now the country just needed one snap and
everything will go to hell.
Back and forth. Back and forth I went.

I started throwing stones at the Jeeps. Until I was called in and I got my papers to
later get my passort and ﬂy out of the country.
A week later, the country was blazing with war.
“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti

I had an idea. People said I needed a team. People said I needed money. People
said it would take a degree.
People said it was just impossible.
People said it can’t be done and what do I know about writing and creating a
magazine.
“A magazine?! You know how much it costs? Let alone the printing and
distribution.”
But you see, I remember once there was a young boy, ﬁre in his eyes, blazing with
freedom, clenched ﬁst and ready to take on the soldiers.
With that same attitude and being in England, I began to to learn the skills in 3
months instead of years.
Photoshop.
Indesign
Copywriting
Marketing
And got to work writing and designing it all.
I found a place, a community centre full of computers and empty. This place was
funded, thousand was spent on it and no one was using it.
So everyday I went there and from 9am till 7pm I did the work. I went take some
break for food and come back. I interviewed businesses. I interviewed artists. I
interviewd organisation.
I kept getting the same noise.
“…but it cost money for printing! The distribution too!”
I didn’t listen. They louder the noise, the harder I worked.
I ﬁnished the magazine and I was so tired that I just had to rest for a week.
I had a good sleep to wake up with an idea! An idea where I can get this magazine
funded, no one pays for it and so the city will be burning with energy and again.
Everyone would know who does what and where.
No more confusion.
I remembered someone who was running a huge project. I went back to the
computer place again and changed the name.
I put the name of his organisation on it.
With just a gloss rough copy of the magazine I headed to his oﬃce, made an
appointment and just when I was walking out, he walks in. I had a talk and he
asked me to come in.
He saw the magazine.

He looks up at at from his chair and says…
“How much?”
I show him all the costs.
He agrees.
The city gets his magazine and for 4 years it runs and then I sold it to someone
else who burnt it to the ground with their lack of discipline.
But still, I grew inside and learnt a valuable lesson…
“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti

I was at a large conference. I saw a white tall blonde woman sitting in a crowd of a
massive conference. I couldn’t get to her but I remembered her face and what she
wore.
But an hour later when all was done, she was gone and I couldn’t ﬁnd her.
“I’m going to marry this woman!” I said.
My friends laugh.
But when I went back to city I talked to head of the conference. He couldn’t help. I
later bumped into a lawyer and we became friends. I told him about the woman
and he said she sounds familiar.
Suddenly word got round through community and after 4 months, I get a call.
“Adam! We found her. She lives in so so city and we know her friends.”
One week later I am sitting in massive shopping and food centre, eating in front
of her. Using what I know as a young lad we have fun talking, ﬂirting and I do a
touch of sexual subcommunication.
If she said no, no problem. I would have walked but she said yes.
She bites and is turned on. I can see it in her eyes. Her tongue licking her lips and
she didn’t even know it.
We get married.
Sex was amazing but relationship later went down hill.
We divource 4 years later.
But I learnt a great deal and it again reaﬃrmed to me..
“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti

It was one of those days. 20 plus years of ﬁghting to get my british citizenship.
Long story short, my parents lost my papers when I came to England and so I was
stuck in a country. Everyone wants to come in and I wanted to leave to see the
world.
Everyone said, it was impossible.
The lawyers said it was impossible.
Relatives said it was impossible.
The embassy said it was impossible.

The Home Oﬃce said, “don’t make us laugh.”
So we had to track information.
We go to the school. Just my luck. It got burnt down!
Any information on me and other students at that time was lost.
On and on it went, back and forth, back and forth with the system, back and
forth. Until one day, one letter suddenly changed their mind.
Maybe someone had a good day and thought..
“Yes, why not.”
Who knows.
I get an appointment to swear an oath and get the British Citzenship. Not long I
get my passport and I ﬂy all over the world.

Life. There is no certainty. There is no certainty someone would say yes. There is
no certainty you’ll get that job.
There is no certainty you’re dream will ever come true.
There is no certainty that the promises of a woman or a man, who says they desire
you, want to see you, will ever happen for them to take action when the moment
comes.
They and all their words and promises might fail you.
There is no certainty with anything except this….
“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti
You must take action. You must be prepared. You must equip yourself with the
attitude, the knowledge and skill.
You then clench your ﬁst, grit your teeth and go for it.
And if it doesn’t happen then it…wasn’t because you waited.
It wasn’t because someone wasn’t there.
It wasn’t because you relied on anyone to do it for you.
It wasn’t because you feared rejection and behaved in an unattractive manner.
It wasn’t because you are so attached to the outcome.
It wasn’t because you didn’t show you’re intent fast enough.
It wasn’t because you didn’t have the belief and action in you.
It didn’t happen because sometimes in life things don’t turn out the way you
expected it to be. That’s people. That’s life.
But desire will never burn out.
It only changes direction.
You will be infatuated again but with someone else.
You will fall in love but with someone else.
You will ﬁnd another job but it will be with a diﬀerent and better company.
You will build another business and this time it will succeed.

You will build another website and this time you’ll be better prepared.
You will make new friends and this time you’ll have boundaries.
That doesn’t mean I never had doubts.
I am human.
Everyone has doubts.
It doesn’t mean that there were times I wish it was easy.
We all sometimes wish it is easiar.
It doesn’t mean I sometimes lost my way.
We all lose our way at one point in our life to get back on track.
It just means..
“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti
We all going to get older but some of us will get old with a smile with less regret,
less burden on our shoulder and the one who falls in love with you will be at awe
at the magniﬁcient human being you have become.
Because you never waited for something to happen.
You just knew..
“If you wait, all that happens is that you get older.” - Mario Andretti
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I desperately need some relationship advice? I don't know what
to do anymore?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What I am going to say will sound harsh.
It will probably hurt.
But if you hold on, just grit your teeth you will see what I am saying here. You will
probably see all the signs kicking oﬀ. Many things you didn’t see will soon
resurface. You’ll probably hate my guts for a while.
It’s ok. I’m used to it.
People want to hear what they like to hear. I cannot aﬀord doing so because if I
am going to answer, I want to make sure you come with an understanding to then
move on and forward with your life.
I have to say what…needs..to be said.
Most of all, try to see this as an experience you can take for the future. Yes, there
is a lot of positive in this lesson but it is things regarding growth, regarding
understanding and such things is going to hurt.
Rarely growths ever feels good in the beginning but in time, you will see what I
mean and when you date many women as I have, and I am dating multiple
women right now, you’re insight to things will grow.
You will see things before they happen.
You’re experience in approaching, in arousing, in sexual experience and in
maintain relationship will grow to amazing heights. I am not saying to you what I
haven’t achieved.

This is the voice of rationality and experience though I know you are going
through much emotional feelings right now.
In time, your instinct will be very sharp and I promise you, you won’t grow bitter
but you will attract so many women, if you can learn to let this help you grow, and
move on faster than most average men and women can.
Thing is - you need to be willing to take this lesson as part of your growth.
Yes, you might think there is nothing to learn from this but I can see many
lessons that will make you stronger, experienced and happier in time to come.
First, she wasn’t telling you the complete truth.
She didn’t delete his number and this was going on for a while, and the break was
all about her moving on to date this guy. The time she had this break and even
before, she was already seeing this guy.
So this relationship was over and she wasn’t completely honest about it.
You see, all this - she would have already planned it all in her head. I mean
everything - from beginning, middle and the end.
Most people aren’t honest when they faced with such situations. They ﬁnd it
diﬃcult to face conﬂict.
Especially when they know……the person they are with is going to create conﬂict.
They plan, do things way ahead, make sure all is out, ready, and by time they tell
you the complete story…which.. isn’t really a complete story…, they have already
moved out, spent time away, seeing the next guy or girl and have probably
already had sex together.
When they know the person is nice, overbearing, needy, desperate, has no
options and who is going to be emotionally unstable.
They know such a person will ﬁnd it diﬃcult to move on…fast.
I wish people are but sometimes, when people are in this situations, things can go
crazy. Things people do can really go way over the line.
Like in one question, one woman, a lesbian saw her lover talking to a woman. In
public, she went right over her, asked who she was talking with. Her girlfriend
said..
“Let’s talk later.”
And that’s when she slapped her on face and in front of everyone.
Then asks how can she get her to come back.
So she wasn’t honest with you because she felt there would be conﬂict.
She wanted to avoid the conﬂict and awkwardiness.
People will want to say the truth but sometimes it’s really hard. Sometimes,
they’ve experienced things or they heard, or they have seen the person they are
with behave in a certain manner. They know this person as an emotional person.
That they are not emotionally stable and so, they know this person won’t move on
so easily. Instead they’ll try to ask lots of questions and try to inﬂuence some way
to work together and on and on it goes.
If she said the truth, that she was seeing this guy and you realised they are dating
now, and sleeping with each other - you’d probably get all jealous, possessive and
drama will hit the room.
You’re probably start behaving in a manner that makes her uncomfortable.

But also, there are people who just don’t care.
Narcissists. They just pretend, no emotions, and easily move from one to another
leaving a trail of weckage behind them.
Funny thing, I was talking how people are when feeling uncomfortable. They will
not say the truth. They will tell you..what you want to hear.
Though we see it as a lie, sometimes, if you really look at it, you see it was said for
reasons that..
1. She knew you were needy and desperate
2. She knew that if she told you she’s moving on you won’t let go so easily.
You proved that here already
3. She knew that she will have to do what most do. Not say the full truth
about the guy she is and has been attracted to when she met him; and
how she wasn’t fed up with him at all. But she couldn’t tell you that and
realised you’re someone she has to be careful with on these matters
4. So she Psychologically tried to now prepare you for the break up but also,
for her. It was mostly for herself, to detach, and get you to see it’s going to
happen. When time went by she was already seeing him, dating him
secretly, having sex and so on.
5. Then she told you.
6. Or she was someone who didn’t really care. It was all pretend. Fake.
Narcissist.
You seem to want closure but there is no such thing. You want explanation but
how come you don’t realise that if she didn’t tell you the full truth, she would
anyway?
She knew what you’re like.
I mean looking at you right now.
You say.,
“..he stole from me.”
What are you on about?
No one steals a woman from anyone. She wasn’t yours. She’s not his. She’s owned
by no one. She’s not a product. She’s not some doll you purchase from a shelf and
then some guy walks in and takes your doll away.
She’s a woman, a human being.
She decided to move on. Why you blaming the other guy for?
She wanted it. She wanted the guy. She didn’t want to be with you. The problem
existed before he even appeared.
He’s just another guy that appeared and so she was attracted to him and she done
so because it was well over with you and her.
The cracks were there before this guy ever appeared.
You haven’t even moved on. You’re still pining over her. So she was right to not
tell you that she was seeing this guy, dating him and now she’s with him.
This isn’t about him being better than you.
That’s your own insecurities and it’s insecurities that may have also played a part
in this too as well as her insecurities.

This isn’t love.
If you love yourself, you won’t want to be with someone who wants to be with
someone else. I’m not non-monogamous but even I don’t want to be with a
woman who doesn’t want to be with me.
Best she leaves and be with whoever.
That’s love.
The love you have in your mind is a perception from Disney. It is that if you love
someone so much then it be enough. That the other person would love you the
same but that’s not love.
Love in the beginning will always be about loving yourself.
People will come and go in your life. Some for a few noment, some for a little
longer, some for some years and some for the rest of your life. When people go
they don’t lower your value.
It’s not like someone takes anything away from you.
It feels like this because of society has been conditioned to believe that someone
else completes them. That someone else can ﬁll the empty void inside them. So
they emotionally invest time, ever and energy but for the wrong reasons and with
an attitude that is skewed.
That’s why it feels like some value has left you and someone else took that value
from you but it’s not so.
If you see life where everything is moving, that people can love others, that when
someone comes into your life; then you will live in the moment with them
without fear of loss - you ﬁnd peace. You ﬁnd tranquility.
This is what loving yourself means.
For every woman who left me, they all came back. Sometimes in a week.
Sometimes in a month. Sometimes a year and some get married, have children,
and come back wanting to feel what they felt when they were with me.
And sometimes, which is most of the time, I say…no.
Not in a spiteful way but no.
If she desired you, if she loved you and if she had the attitude i.e. compatibility
and you too, in working together towards each other’s happiness, nothing will get
in the way. You’d both know love is not enough and both will put in the work to
learn what needs to be learnt to make it work.
Distance. Education. Job. Money. These are just excuses man.
I’ve been there and women didn’t leave when I didn’t have these. They stayed
because we had compatibility, maturity and understanding that we want this to
work and so we gave it all the help it needed.
Those who left, always came back.
Sometimes as I said, I would decline politely.
So the woman you was with didn’t have that attitude.
Seed was sown long before you met, long before she met the guy. It is part of her
mindset and probably won’t grow to understand this until she’s ready.
Most don’t until they realise, the grass isn’t greener on the other side.
It’s where you water it the most.

But you need to move on and learn how to move on.
Delete her from phone.
Block.
Move on.
Clean it up, no more looking at anything and move on.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Are there many people who regard Star Wars as childish and
trivial?
Adam Taha, I like watching star wars
Updated Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Probably but I don’t bother wondering what many regard stars wars as. I
personally see it as fun, has meaning in then messages but also, I like watching it
because it reminds me of my friends, when we watched the ﬁrst Star Wars movie.
It was fun for us, something refreshing, something we didn’t want to see it as
serious but an experience, to just escape from world we are in. A world were so
many are serious, have to win, have to be this and have to be that. But also we saw
it has a meaning about the system, about the bullishness of school, college,
university, the way it is run, the system itself and a lot more.
Yes, it’s not real with spaceships ﬂying everywhere, creatures and lazers, but
that’s not what I saw as the movie. I saw me and my friends chilling, enjoying to
forget world we are in for a moment and just enjoying an entertaining movie.
Before we are screamed at to wash the dishness or who went and screwed some
girl, because he father is at the door step.
That was my cue to shoot out of the window and to meet her again at the fair.
Starwars as many movies, bring back memories and it’s probably why I will watch
another one too. Reminding me of my friends, the time we had fun, we didn’t
take things seriously.
704 Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys pretend and say they like good girls but in reality
they only like the bad ones and don't care about good girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no good girl. There is no bad girl. There is are no sluts, whores and too
easy. That’s social conditoning.
I hear this also from nice guys..
“All the girls go for the bad guy,”
No. They go for the stronger guy who approaches and keep approaching, diﬀerent
girls, doesn’t wait on one girl until he gets a yes. Then he messes it up because
he’s needy and then loses girl, to bitch all day, until he wakes up to approach
some more.
He approaches more, and gets more rejections and another and another, and
another, and another until he gets a yes. He takes his little tiny experience he got
from past relationships to…mess it up again!
Then they break up and then he cries, then he gets depressed, and then he wakes
up and approaches more girls, to get rejected again but he begins to ﬁgure it out,

he invests in knowledge, skills, he learns from guys who knows how to do this and
practised, ﬁgures it out and soon he has FIVE GIRLS saying yes!
Then he dates all 5 but makes a mistake which I keep saying to guys to not do.
They lie to each of these girls!
He now learns a big lesson.
Player isn’t about not getting caught.
Player, Bad boy is about a guy who attracts women who are into what he is into,
what he desires and everyone else, does not matter.
That way he doesn’t ever need to lie and detaches from the outcome.
One of the most powerful steps is Independance Outcome.
He detaches from the outcome of losing girls. He makes sure they know who he is
by his behaviour earlier on.
Guess who does that too?
The girl everyone calls bad girl but she’s not bad.
She knows how the world works and she is sick and tired of all the bullshit. No
more. She now wants to attract this guy because the rest are as judgmental, and
sick in then head with social norms as rest of guys she knows.
But this guy she desires.
This is the guy she knows she can learn from, experience it all and he’d never,
ever judge her, be jealous or possessive.
He doesn’t need the label of girlfriend and boyfriend for his ego. He and her have
had enough of the labels. Those days are gone.
This bad boy people call, learns from his mistakes, and realises honesty is best
policy so he is going to date FIVE GIRLS, he behaves in a manner that they know
he dates other girls……and…if any of these girls give him any bullshit, out they go
and ﬁnds other girls who desire a guy like him.
Girls who are conﬁdent.
Girls who don’t give a damn about social norms.
Girls who are not insecure about sex and fallen for the invention of shame.
Girls who want the man of experience to show them all the ways they can ever
dream of which a nice guy who calls himself good has no experience in.
What do you girls do?
NOTHING!
You sit there acting all pretty, and do nothing.
The guys approach you but the girls who are conﬁdent, approach the guys. They
come to to the guys smiling, non-judgemental. They don’t judge and call the
guys…bad boys but experieneced guys.
They don’t see them as bad boys but guys who they can have fun with.
They don’t see them as assholes but guys who say what they want and say what
what they desire, and if they desire to fuck…they SAY IT!
And if you hide, run, come up with labels…there’s the door.

Back you go to medicority and boring life which many pretend to be so amazing
on instagram and selﬁes on facebok.
The planet is full of girls for diﬀerent type of guy, nice guy, not nice, brutish, not
so brutish, loner, not alone, fun, not fun, unemployed, a business, an arist, the
jack of all trades, or someone who doesn’t know what the hell he wants from his
life.
But they all got to ﬁnd a way to meet each other.
Bad boys…bad girls….don’t wait for these people to ﬁnd a way.
They charge! They approach! They turn on the sexual appeal! They say what they
want knowing very well, some will eject themselves and that is good for these
girls and boys.
They keep going until…they get a YES!
The ones who say these are bad girls and these are bad boys are:
1. People who like to label others to deﬁne their own insecurities. They are
showing their frustrations, or their perception, their fears and their lack
of ability to do what they need to do to get what they want.
2. Who don’t know how to attract guys
3. Who don’t know how to attract girls.
4. Who think they are entitled.
I know women who sit at home, watching movies and drink tea, and they are the
beast when it comes to sex. They are so on when it comes to sex you won’t believe
and will give a blow job to the guy who knows how to turn them on.
She probably got 4 sex toys and ass plug, a pussy remote vibrator and massive
vibrator and pumping away on pillow to then say to everyone..
“Oooh I don’t like gong to night clubs and love to just have a nice quiet day watching
some documentaries about lions and pandas.”
Is she a bad girl? Of course not. Is she a good girl? No, she isn’t.
She’s a girl who likes quiet time and she will meet someone one day, conﬁdent,
experiences, sexual man, who will know how to lead and attract her to say to this
guy..
“Hi, I just saw you and wanted to ﬁnd out more about you…”
All because he has it going on. She saw something in me.
Or she will have to wait for some nice guy taking his time, waiting…waiting…
waiting like so many girls and wondering why no one approaches her.
Oh sure, it will one day happen for her but she fell for the trap, believing what
other women before he said. That you don’t show interest. That you must not
behave as a bad girl or a slut, or too easy.
That you need to play hard to get to attract the guy who is so serious about you.
How’s that working for you then?
Not good is it?
Those women who came before you, those girls who said that, said it for a reason.
To make sure you put you away, so less competition for them to get the guys.
There is no bad girl.

There is no good girl.
There is only this…
Girls who know how to attract a guy and girls who don’t know how.
Girl that lacks the resources due to her own behaviour and girls who have
plenty of resources.
Girl who doesn’t know anyone to a girl who took time to socialise.
Girl who fears what others say to a girl who puts a middle ﬁnger at social
norms and connects with whoever.
Girl who doesn’t know how to show sexual appeal to girl knows how to
make her personality shine through.
Girl who doesn’t have the ﬂirting down and jdudges other girls who do…
to a girl that ﬂirts, attracts and dates guys.
I know many quiet girls dating lots of guys.
I know introverts dating guys.
I know even the average looking girl dating guys.
I know girls who stay at home a lot but they date a guy
I know a girl who is in a wheel chair dating a guy and they are getting
married
I know a know a girl who studies real hard and she’s dating a guy.
Are they bad girls?
They are the girls who know…how.
If girls and guys stop complaining about bad boys and bad girls, we can teach you
how to do it if you get your heads out of your asses, and stop worrying what other
people will think about you.
AND…stop telling everyone about bad boys and players.
We now claim these names - Bad Boy and Players because you have helped is
greately in ways you won’t believe.
Because of the free million of dollars of promotion, word of mouths we didn’t pay
for such popularity on how bad boys and bad girls have all the fun.
Girls know we are fun and they know……if they want sexual experience and no
one ﬁnds out…and in all the positions and all the ways they desire…they know
we’re not so nice to decline and pretend we don’t want to.
They know, they will never be judged, ostracised, ridiculed, pointed at and feel
ashamed as others tried to do them.
See how that works?
It is so easy to diﬀerentiate us from the rest.
That’s because everyone else helped!
Yes, that’s right!
Millions of people, millions saying bad boy is this, bad girl is that and so the girls
get to wonder, about all the things they can do with the bad boy.
Millions of women saying this about bad boy and player and don’t realise, their
daughter is listening and she’s thinking..

“OOooh. I won’t say it but I want to date a BAD BOY! A PLAYER. Mmmmm. I
want to know!”
Yes we know. You say you don’t.
You claim you don’t but have you ever wondered why girls who say they don’t,
ALWAYS do?
Have you ever wondered why girls say they like a nice, gentleman, who respect
them and then come to bad boys who pins them to the wall, spread their legs, eat
them out and has sex, while hand on their poney tail, and has sex?
Have you ever wondered how come what so many say they won’t ever and yet,
you will ﬁnd every woman, saying the story of how thet dated, met and had sex,
with the bad boy EVEN walked away from a good boy.
A good boy, a nice boy, a gentleman who they were in relationship with for years?
I mean if a good girl wants a nice guy, holy shit, look around you.
Don’t believe me?
Ask some women who she dated before she got settled down. Ask and watch her
eyes light up. Oh she’ll complain how he was such an asshole. How he was just so
diﬃcult. How he wouldn’t stop having sex with other girls but….
“OH MY GOD! He was so exciting! His experience in sex, knowledge of the world and
well, EXCITING! I still think about him. I do…”
People think they are entitled and have no clue about dating, and so blame their
insecurities and misery on others and circumstances.
Create your own circumstances if you don’t like what is happening to you.
Being good is not good enough.
I don’t care if a girl is good. How can I ever measure good? I won’t know anything
about her being good.
In fact if a girl says she’s nice girl I probably run so far from her because you don’t
say you’re good or nice except you’re hiding something.
What has that got to do with attraction. Nothing.
I don’t care if a girl is good.
Men don’t care if a girl is good.
We can’t measure good. We don’t know her as good. We can’t see good because we
don’t know her, spent time with her, got to know her and if we did, good isn’t
good enough for dating.
We care about a girl who is smart to take action.
A smart girl who doesn’t follow the crowd.
That’s what is attractive to bad boys.
You see good looks in a girl, we see smart girl with backbone. The heart of a rebel.
The girl who isn’t inﬂuenced by the masses.
This girl has courage. She is facing ovewhelming odds and you don’t even see that
because she is smiling away, like the odds don’t exist. She is not even
complaining how so many bitching about her.
That’s an amazing attitude.

The girl who can turn us on with such qualities, isn’t a bad girl. She’s smart girl
who blazes her own path and knows who she is.
The girl who arouses.
The girl who can communicate her desires.
The girl who steps out of the comfort zone and shows interests to the guy,.
Most girls, when they like a guy are ﬂipping their hair, ﬂashing their eye lashings
and thinks that’s how you show interest. Or pretending to be a friend and then
complains why he still talks to other girls!
The only girls that know how are leading the way and approaching guys, or
sending messages by text or private messages, or getting even their friends to
help to meet the guy.
It’s like a strategy. It’s not second guessing. They got this down so good you won’t
believe.
The girls people call bad girls are girls who know how.
The girls who haven’t fallen for the social norm in waiting for love to happen. The
way Hollywood movies or Bollywood wants us to believe how girls and guys fall
in love. They so love us to believe in such myths.
You hear the music, ﬂowers all over the place and suddenly someone bursts out
into a song, as a cupid ﬂies with arrows shooting everywhere. Or they see each
other, sending hints, messages and one day, months late they meet on a dance
ﬂoor as the nerdy guy beats then bully and now looks so handsome, and she falls
for him just…like…that.
The girls who are conﬁdent don’t believe in such myths.
The girls who don’t blame “I’m so shy, introvert, cannot talk to people” and
bullshit everyone that’s why.
I don’t want a good girl. It’s about a girl, a human being, with feelings who has a
desire and she shows it to the guy.
There is no good girl.
The only girl I want is conﬁdent, who shows interest and any girl who hides in
some closet, any girl who sits on her ass and doesn’t show interest, any girl who
sits home all day and thinks a guy will fall through the window, any girl who
hangs around guys she likes but doesn’t show interest, to complain about why
guys go for bad girls is a girl who thinks she’s entitled to be treated like some
princess.
That’s Disney.
That’s Hollywood.
You want to attract a guy?
Be approachable.
Show your interested.
Show your sexual appeal…(personality, social intuition, conﬁdence)
If you don’t know how…learn.
This is the reason why we don’t date some girls. They think they are entitled and
blame it on other girls, calling them bad girls, sluts, whores and calling guys
players, assholes and jerks.

That type of girl is not a good girl but a girl who thinks she is entitled.
Good is not good enough.
Being kind is not good enough,
Being polite is not good enough.
Being smart is not good enough.
These you need already for your own life. These are important. These suppose to
be in there anyway but they do not attracted guys you want.
There is no good and bad girls.
There is only the girls who know how and the girls who…don’t.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What are your thoughts on living with an ex after the breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m a man who has his own resources and so, I don’t need to do that and also, I
don’t want to live with an ex. I like to move on and that isn’t going to help with
moving for me or for her either.
So no.
I won’t do that. I’m not desperate and I have my own life, own means and own
resources to even put myself in that position or even the ex.
I don’t want them prying into my business.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I love this guy so much so much but he is not so handsome. Can
I ask him to try some cosmetics?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman came to me and said for me to use cosmetic because I am not
handsome enough for her, my reply will be this..
“Please go and fuck yourself and leave, don’t come back.”
You know, in a nice way ;)
Do I think you’re shallow? No.
I think you have the right to be happy and be with a man who is attractive to you
but not to manipulate, make someone self esteem low, projecting your
insecurities, you’re needs and make it like he’s the problem because he isn’t the
problem.
I think you need to leave this guy and ﬁnd someone you are attracted to because
there is one thing many mess up in when it comes to relationships.
They go for someone and try and change him instead of just ﬁnding the person
that has all they want. You want to be with a man who is attractive to you as he is
and not try to ﬁx, change and mould as that’s manipulation.
It’s why I ask a lot of questions with women I get to know for compatibilty
reasons. If I am not spending time with a woman, back and forth commuicating
then it’s because I am not attracted to the woman and I am not going to change
that with makeup, with her doing this and that.

Because all this, will surely probably slack, later on and quit doing it when
infatuation is gone.
I’ll give you an example. I am dating a woman right now, known her for 16 years
or so, and other women too, and they have grown with me. The ﬁrst thing is I
have to be attracted to these women I am with and I am. Now, they have grown
and so I have, they have changed, but in that change, all I see is women I love. All
I see is memories we have had together.
All I see is this amazing rich experience we have had together.
Sure, I will be walking and I see lots of very attractive women.
But here’s the thing.
1. They don’t have a history with me.
2. They are not special and unique to me
3. All they are is tits, ass and pussy and face to me
4. Nothing else, nothing more.
The only way for women to be special for me, is they do with me they won’t with
their friends or some pal guy. The only reason is they spend time with me, they
kiss me, we fuck all night like, they send me all kinds of hot sexy photos..naked
and all, and they do it gladly and we spend more time, and we grow together, we
go on holidays together. We see sights together. We grow together and experience
things together as……lovers.
Even a woman who is a friend cannot come close to these women. Friend woman,
is nowhere going to get my time, my eﬀort, emotionally intimacy, physical
intimacy than the woman I am dating and in love with.
These are the behaviours that makes the diﬀerence and the looks part happened
a long time ago. Looks fades and what is replaced is not infatuation, but a deeper
connecton.
However, you need to ﬁrst be attracted to the person and I’m sorry to say, LOVE
is…NOT enough. It will never be enough.
So if atraction isn’t there, well, you’re going to cause problems in the relationship
already. You are going to bring a whole heap of whop ass storm of negativity
which will in the end destroy the relationship and…push him far away from you.
He will probably grow to resent you.
Life is already hard. It doesn’t need you to make it harder for yourself.
This will make it so hard and you will ﬁnd yourself hurting this guy and even his
perception of women will change.
Find a man you’re attracted to ﬁrst. Nothing wrong with that.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

I had a bitter ﬁght with my ex boyfriend a week back. He has
not replied to any of my messages of apology. Should I wish
him on Diwali?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You need to back oﬀ. This is your ex-boyfriend not your boyfriend. Back oﬀ
because arguments are toxic and he will also still feel the negativity.
Don’t contact him.

You’ve apologised but also, stop arguing. Apologies are all good but if you sent an
apology just saying sorry then you’re not apologising.
1. You say you’re sorry
2. You say what you did
3. You say you regret what you did
4. You say how you hurt him and how you feel so bad in doing so, and wish
you didn’t do so. You’re sorry.
5. You say it won’t happen again and what you will do to ensure it doesn’t.
A woman once said to me sorry.
That means nothing to me. She never got the chance, ever to contact me again
and she was blocked on every channel and phone.
If he wants to contact you, he will but leave it alone.
He will be pissed with you and there will be negativity.
Keep your distance until and if he contacts you.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What advice would you give a 15 year old boy who is too shy to
start a relationship with a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will give you steps with regards to approaching her but there is something you
need to take care of ﬁrst.
Right now you have no experience whatsoever with approaching girls. Right now,
you see a girl and you have this needy attitude that she is “the one.”
You put her on a pedestal because you have real life self references and example
to mature that you’ll date one girl and another and another. Each one you will
think she’s then one due to the infatuation and the infatuation is blinding and
will get you to behave in a needy manner.
You won’t be yourself with a girl.
You will always do things to get a response than to know her.
You will fear losing a girl and so whenever she does something you don’t like, you
will for sure keep quiet instead of saying what you don’t like WITHOUT bringing
this person down, trying to tell them their ﬂaws like some manipulating person.
So if I were you, I’d not even think so much about this girl or any girl. You would
just spend time approaching lots of girls, get use to approaching, get used to be
fun, get use to being playful and get used to not give a fuck.
This is called Outcome Independance.
You detach from the outcome. You don’t care if a woman ejects, leaves, not
interested because you know your self worth anyway.
Now that doesn’t mean hurt the girl.
That doesn’t mean talk down to a girl.
That doesn’t mean walk all over a girl and shout, and do drama.
That means you know who you are, you know your self worth, you have high self
esteem and so, you’re not approaching to kiss…her…ass!

You are approaching to ﬁnd out who she is.
You are approaching to see if she’s got what you want in a girl.
You are approaching to see if she shows interest in you.
If she is going to work it to show interest in you or she’s some immature girl, who
likes to play games OR she’s not interest.
So you would not invest lots with thinking, what if and all the assumptions in
your head due to fear of rejection and your own insecurities.
Which needs you to avoid thinking like this…
“…which to me suggests she wouldn't be into a white boy?”
Perception is a powerful thing. This has nothing to do with her being with asians
and so she wouldn’t be into a white boy.
When you understand people and you grow in experience, you will know how this
thought is nothing more than fear talking because it is all assumptions.
You want facts but you don’t get facts like that. You will only see your fears,
your insecurities because all you see goes into your mind, and then it juggles
it up to represent what you THINK you see.
But really, it’s just assumptions. It’s a perception until you approach, talk,
converse, have fun and see for yourself.
The way someone dresses will give you an assumption.
The way someone frowns while walking might make you think they are angry all
the time.
The way a woman is dressed so ﬁne but really she could be broke!
The way someone not dressed ﬁne may make you think they are poor but really
they are not but talented, skillful, busy with creating. They feel comfortable in
what they wear.
The way a girl is hanging around lots of asians but really, it could be that makes
her feel part of the world and doesn’t feel so much alone.
You never know what you see.
You see whatever is in your thoughts and what you want to see due to the
thoughts roaming your mind.
First, make sure you don’t assume anything because this is your own perception,
own insecurities, own fears of rejection that’s talking now.
Also, she won’t be the ﬁrst girl.
You will probably have infatuation for other girls in time to come. You’ll date and
you will break up and date someone else, break up as that’s what happens a lot
when you’re young.
As we get older, we become, well most of us get really picky, very selective and we
are very experienced as well.
That doesn’t mean we won’t fall in love fast.
It just means even if we do, we know the reality of life now. For some of us, it
won’t surprise us a bit what most people do and for some of us, we have a lot of
options to worry about the fear of loss.
As an example, you don’t see a girl and start building some image, movie in your
head with a life with her.

You don’t know her.
Repeat this to yourself..
“I don’t know her. I will not give time to thinking, building stories about her or
assume anything. I will ﬁnd out. I want facts and I will NOT DECIDE a yes until I
get the facts and if she fucks me around, or if she is not interested in me…I will smile
and walk away from her and approach someone else because the planet is full of
girls.”
Always put that in the front of your mind because I do that all the time.
Women can feel it.
They know, I have options without even saying it.
They can due to your behaviour. You’re relaxed, your playful, your not needy,
you’re fun, and you can talk and say whatever, without fear of losing the girl.
She can ﬂirt with 10 guys and it won’t matter to you as it doesn’t to me.
She can talk about some guy and all that, it won’t matter to you. You know when
she grows up, she will stop doing that shit.
So avoid creating stories in your mind of what it be like with her. She hasn’t earnt
a damn thing for you to do that.
1. You don’t know her.
2. You haven’t yet found out her personality.
3. You don’t know if she’s compatible with you.
4. You don’t know if she’s a drama queen
5. You don’t know she might be some bitch of all bitches
6. You don’t know a thing about her.
For all you know, when you talk to her, you be turned oﬀ by many things about
her or one thing and you be smart to listen to those red ﬂags and walk away.
If you do feel something is up. If she treats you bad, if she behaves in a manner
you don’t like. If she tells you who you are. If she even squeaks about something
where it tells you this is a red ﬂag…you smile…say goodbye and walk away.
Never put anyone before your integrity or you get walked over. People need to
learn what they cannot do with you and say in front of you.
So you want to still approach her?
Then let’s move forward…
Behave in an Attraction Manner
What does that mean?
Don’t worry if she has friends with her but also appreciate when you approach, be
conﬁdent, move fast because her friends will try and step in due to them being
jealous, or because the attention is not on them.
Focus on her when you approach and be conﬁdent.
Detach from the outcome. (Outcome Independance)
Don’t kiss her friends asses but also be polite
Her friends might not like you but they are not important, she is important to
approach and do so immmediately.

She would have already noticed you.
They do notice and if you hesitate even more you are sending a message that you
are like rest like the guys. You are weak. You are some nce guy who has no
experience whatsoever.
You have no balls and who have put her up in the sky on a pedestal.
You’re a guy she can just be friends with and use his resources
You’re a guy who seems like a push over.
You’re a guy, a nice guy, like the rest who stare at her and do nothing
Approach immediately, no matter what and show you don’t give a fuck. Show
that you’re not intimidated by her because if you are, how can she ever feel safe in
world, with a guy who is intimidated by another person, a girl.
So behave in the attractive way. Your behaviour is your real status not how
many friends you got, your colour, your race, height, looks and all that.
Don’t ask her out yet.
This is not the priority. Yes, that’s right. No, it’s got nothing to do with
you being young. You don’t approach a girl to ask her out. You approach
a girl with a mind you know what you look for in a girl.
When you approach be playful, fun and get talking and observe, listen to
ﬁnd out who she is, how she behaves with you and how she behaves with
you with people around you and how she treats others around her.
Make sure she knows you won’t take too much time..
“Hey, I only got a minute but I had to come over and…”
You made sure she knows you’re not going to be spending too much
time. You got places to go and she can breathe, knowing you’re just
coming and you will go.
Let’s imagine the girl you desire is..
A) Fun
B) You can get along with her
C) She treats people nice
D) She is social and not very awkward
E) She doesn’t judge guys as sexual predators
Ok then. Now this is your criteria. You now know what to discuss about.
You know what to ask. I always ask and I don’t care what woman assume
when I do. That’s THEIR problem not mine.
I will imagine I am you. I like a girl who isn’t serious, fun.
So I know what to ask..
“So tell me, are you shy or adventureous type?”
If with friends I even include them..
“OK then, how did you all meet?”
I now included the gang of girls. I go further..

“So which one of you is the fun, the shy, the mysterious, and the sciﬁ star
wars?”
I get to ﬁnd out if she’s fun, I observe, I see how she interacts and I also
engage her friends without kissing their asses.
If she doesn’t ﬁll these in, if she doesn’t show to me she’s fun, if I ﬁnd she
is serious and all that….I will walk away. I smile and great meeting her
and them and walk.
Do not even try to compromise what you’re looking for because if you do
ever date a girl and you compromised, you got to maintain this pattern
and if she doesn’t, well, she can’t even bitch about why you dump her
ass. Fun, non serious, playful means a lot to me.
What means a lot to you? Let that then be something you look for
without apologising for it.
When you socialise with her observe and ask yourself…
Does she treat you right?
Did you ﬁnd things you look for in a girl than just her looks?
Get past her look and really see for real if she has what you want in a girl.
Is she annoying?
Is she the type that you can see will be drama?
Do you feel from how she talks she will treat you like shit and play
around with your time?
Is she putting eﬀort in to get to know you and show she’s interested in
you?
Is she someone to really ask out?
1. All good?
You have interacted with her and you found the answers. That she has
the qualities you look for in a girl. Ok then….now ﬁnd out ﬁrst if she is
interested in getting to know you, date you.
Get her to show she’s interested in you..
“Listen. You know beauty, it’s so common. So I like to know more about
you. What 3 things about you will interest someone to know you?”
If she doesn’t answer. If she doesn’t speak up. WALK. If she does engage
and answers, then..
“I think me and you going to have fun. Listen I got to see my friends but
there’s a place I want to check out and be great to go out, together.”
Is she showing interest?
Give her your phone to add her digits. You give yours.
Then talk for a minute and walk away.
Now when you see her at school, it be easier for you to approach and talk some
more but do not leave it too long to use phone to text her to go out.

Next day or same night, text something and engage her, build on the attraction,
show her your personality in few words and lead in a few days to going out.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Natalie Fitzsimmons

What should I do if my girlfriend doesn’t have any feelings
about my sentiments?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah no. Just because she isn’t sentimental if you mean she doesn’t show much
emotions or happiness in your romance feelings, doesn’t mean she’s an idoit.
It means she has her own way of showing love and her own way of showing
intimacy. There is a lot of love inside of her. There is a universe inside of her. You
can learn so much from he and she from you, and 5 life times won’t be enough.
As an example, when I say - lovers need to show emotional intimacy, I mean, both
need to communicate, communicate, communicate, keep doing so to ﬁnd out as
much each other so they know each others love languages.
Sometimes I just cannot explain everything in an answer but I am hoping this
answer can shed some light from her perspective as well as yours.
You might be commnunicating in a way that just isn’t speaking her love language.
We all have diﬀerent personalities. We all have diﬀerent ways of showing love and
we all have diﬀerent things that wakes us up to feel something amazing inside of
us.
For example - you want to romance her, you want to share your feelings inside to
show you love her. You thought going out together dancing is your way of
showing your love for her, romancing her and maybe it’s some resturant meal.
Or some meal at some cafe.
But maybe this is not something that really turns her on. Maybe when you say
this to her, it feels boring. It’s just not her. It’s not something she always wanted to
do and she probably stayed away from doing these things before she ever knew
you.
Maybe what she really sees as romance is her dancing naked for you and it’s fun
for her, it’s exciting for her and she loves doing it and this is her way of romance.
I’m just giving an example.
Maybe, her way is you show a box of chocolates she so likes and she goes nuts,
loves it and appreciates it because that’s what turns then lights for her.
Maybe it’s a plate of mash potatoes with gray and that lights up her eyes and face
for her to ﬂing her arms around you.
Maybe what’s sentimental for her is just laying in bed, snuggled with you…
watching some sciﬁ movies.
So you are a romantic guy, with feelings and she is too but in her own way. You
have your own way and she has her own way. Unfortunately, people date without
getting to know each other to the level I am explaining.
You communicate with her that you want to put eﬀort in but you want to do so
that she enjoys it too and vy she enjoying it, so will you too.
And if she cares about you, she will ﬁnd out what you like as well.
Now, when you do that, communicate that and not to manipulate, not to change
her but to really embrace who she is, you will ﬁnd she opens up, let’s you know

what she is into, what turns her on, what makes her smile, what she appreciates
and most of all….. you get the joy of romancing her and feeling good about it.
She feels good about it because her boyfriend took the time to communicate, ﬁnd
out about her and loved her in her emotional language.
So communicate, sit down with her but don’t judge her.
Don’t talk with her with attitude that she is an idoit.
Instead acknowledge we are all diﬀerent, we all have our own love languages and
in ﬁnding out you gain a wonderful skill, a calmness in which you get to learn to
build an amazing bridge that ﬂows right to her heart and mind.
Instead of judging her…understand her. Instead of thinking how do you get her to
behave in a certain way; you ﬁnd out what she desires, and she will say what she
desires. All you got to do is communicate maturely.
You do that by communicating sincerely…
You like putting a lot of eﬀort into things and you want to know what she ﬁnds
really romantic.
And she will say what she ﬁnds romantic.
620 Views · View Upvoters

How does a person get over a broken heart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying I use often and it suits this question to the tea.
“Go through the pain instead of - letting the pain go through you.”
It’s sometimes diﬃcult for people to get their heads round this. It did for me for a
while but through experience, I’ve found when it is pain regarding the heart; you
don’t try to forget it.
You don’t try to erase it.
You don’t try to run away from it.
You embrace it.
You see, the more you try to forget this experience, the more you are putting a lot
of eﬀort into it and the stronger it gets.
So what you do is this..
1. Acknowledge that it exists.
It happened. You experienced something beautiful but also you
experienced something emotionally painful. It is real. Acknowledge that
this pain is not a lie. It is not an illusion. It’s real and it is ok to feel this
pain. You’re a human being and so, have empathy for yourself.
2. Embrace it
Sit down somewhere quiet. Switch everyone oﬀ and ﬁnd yourself a quiet
place in your home. You don’t have to close your eyes. Just switch oﬀ the
lights and invite this memory in. See it all, go through it from the
beginning you met this person and right to the day you broke up. This is
courage. This is strength. This memory is now released instead of you
trying so hard to forget it.
3. Go through it
Now that you have experienced it in your mind as real as day, see
yourself still standing. See what the worse that can happen. See yourself

standing and moving on. See yourself starting fresh. See yourself
walking towards a door ﬁlled with lots of people. See these people
smiling at you as they greet you. See the happiness and the journey of a
new life. See, smell, feel that you are standing strong and this is but the
begining, a transition of knowledge which you have attained to be
stronger and wiser.
4. Start a new song
When you try to hide the pain, push it away then it only keeps going
through you instead of you going through it. Instead see this like you are
shedding a new skin and moving forward into the future. Live, go and
meet people, do the things you love to do, do not stay stagnat but start
again. Start fresh. Move forward and one day, this lesson you learnt,
whatever it maybe will reveal itself as you meet someone new. A broken
heart is not the end but a song to the universe that welcomes a new
begining.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you wish that you hadn't found out?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Expectations.
We all have them.
You expect a lot of things in life.
You expect your parents to be gods and perfect.
You expect the stories you hear as a child are all true.
I got my plane ticket as a young boy to ﬂy to England and to never return. I have
ﬁnally escaped. I will see the road paved with golds.
I will see castles and knights in shining fucking armour.
I will see how easy life is there and the harder you work, oh yeah, the more you
make. Yes, you’re dreams will come true because the adults said..
Study > Finish school > Get into college > Get a degree and you be set up for life
I sat on the plane and dreamed of all the stories I heard. I smiled at the clouds and
imagined all the things I was told. I was so excited.
The plan landed in London and I followed the people who followed other people.
As I got to the entrance to walk towards the exit…. I saw the road wasn’t paved
with gold.
I later saw the school wasn’t what is suppose to be.
Nor was college and well, university, forget it.
I wish I didn’t ﬁnd out the stories were just nothing more than fairytales.
But at least one thing was true…

They didn’t lie about the ice cream van!
It was true!
There was a van that drives around the block of houses every saturday afternoon
with a high pitch tune. The moment we heard the tune every child on the block
ran home to motivate their parents to give them some money.

Me - Mum?
Mum - Ok here and get some for your brothers and sisters!
It wasn’t much but it was something I looked forward to in a new world that
wasn’t paved with gold….called…England.
You can still hear the echo of the ice cream van blasting away and the thunder of
children’s feet charging into an unknown future.
Ice cream anyone?
;)
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do to make my girlfriend forgive me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Crossed the line?
You didn’t cross the line. You behaved like there was no line there in the ﬁrst
place.
The last thing you want for her to do is to come back.
You’d want to let her go.
You want her to stay far away from you until you to go and see a therapist, get
some counselling to sort your anger issues, your own insecurities, your jealousy
and possessiveness.
For all we know she must have gone through other experiences such as
manipulation, and felt like she was walking on eggshells with you because these
things don’t just happen. Rather a growth in which you kept doing something,
maybe verbal abuse, suspicioun growing, arguments, checking her and may
spying on her emails to more verbal abuse.
Now this.
She isn’t safe with you. She saw what you can do in front of people and so what
else will do you in private, when no one is around?
She won’t feel safe. She will feel so hurt, confused and probably even wondering
how come she didn’t see this in you. How come she couldn’t see this coming?
How come someone so close to her would do that?
You betrayed her and broke the trust.
That you would never physically, mentally, emotionally harm her. That she can
feel safe with you for always. That you would not bring the darkness of the world
into your lives and within your relationship.
Instead you brought the the darkness of that world, the manipulation, the fear,
the insecurities, the social construct of jealousy, possessiveness and slapped it on
her face, in front of people she knows.
How can she ever be safe with you now?
Out there is tough enough and to now get that from someone so close?
It’s like tue vicious beasts of the world has arrived at the door step, snapping at
her ankles and even within the closed four walls.
Apologise by phone, stay away from her and focus on ﬁrst seeking help with your
angry issues, your jealousy and possessiveness.

You got a lot of work to do ﬁrst from within.
2k Views · View Upvoters

A nice guy I met on a dating site said he likes me and thinks I
am special. Should I believe him even if he says he also talks to
other girls online?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s wrong with talking to other girls?
That’s the point of a dating website.
You’re not even his girlfriend. You are not even exclusive. You haven’t earned that
right to even think he cannot talk and date other girls.
Until you are dating and until both desire exclusivity, then maybe have a chat
about that but right now, you don’t bring this into equation.
Many guys have been messed around by girls and so have girls been messed
around by guy. They spend time and then it goes nowhere.
First date also happens and goes nowhere.
Guys will talk with other girls. We will have options. We will have numbers of
other girls and we will ﬁlter and screen.
Until you become exclusive then you can talk about such things but at this time,
in this early stage, don’t try to think this is some kind of problem.
It’s natural.
Only inexperienced girls and girls who believe in the bullshit fallacy and myths of
dating fall for that nonsense.
You too need to talk to other guys because you don’t know which one is going to
even turn up for the date, and which one you’re going to meet again and again.
So you can do what most girls who don’t live in the real world and think just
because we are dating you, on ﬁrst date, and we shouldn’t talk to other girls as
some criteria, or you can wake up to the real world..
That you’re not his girlfriend yet.
So I don’t know why you and any other women think it is a problem?
What you expect him to do? Wait for you?
What if a guy spends his time with you, and then a week or so, you’re not
interested and you dissappear.
What if he ﬁnds you are someone who is drama in second week?
What if he ﬁnds out you keep talking about some boyfriend or guy you’re fucking
when you need to focus on him?
What if he ﬁnds there isn’t any compatibility between you and him?
He has to start all over again when he could have met other girls until he decides
or both decides, “Yeah let’s be exclusive.”
He is assessing you as you are asessing him.
Until you date and become exclusive there is no need for that kind of thinking on
how him talking to other girls is such a bad thing. It’s how it goes with dating.
That’s the proces in the real world.

You’re not entitled for that exclusivity and nor is he at this point.
Even he can’t go oﬀ saying “hey don’t talk to other guys.”
It’s a dating website and so it’s natural guys attract, ﬁlter and see who is going to
be reliable and who they can get along with and who they’ll date, and who will
become exclusive.
That same goes for you.
You’re not his girlfriend at this point.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most diﬃcult thing you have ever done?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Oct 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the most diﬃcult thing you've ever had to do?

The most diﬃcult was for me to be vulnernable and show aﬀection. The reason
beings is many but here are the top ones;
1. As a man I was taught from early age within the society I lived in that a
man must not show his weakness.
2. To avoid showing emotions because it is like an armour that is
unprotected.
3. I also used to show lot of aﬀection with women and found most were
cold even if they loved me, but they just didn’t show feelings, tenderness
and even ignored when I communicated to arouse. They’d at ﬁrst get all
excited and aroused but later as time goes by they’d play avoid showing
such feelings which by the way is the biggest mistake for any woman or
man to do because that rises attraction to other levels. It bonds you
together, stronger.
So because of these I didn’t show aﬀection as much.
I found women who so claim to be tender, aﬀection and all that, didn’t show it
often enough when I did. Also by being vulnerable you attach more and you get
hurt.
Therefore, I would stop showing any aﬀection.
I didn’t like getting hurt. I didn’t like showing vulnerability and get hurt but then
things started to change. The shoe was on other foot.
I became cold and when a woman showed any aﬀection when I began to meet
such women, I didn’t show it back. When they tried to arouse me with sweet
words, with capturing my emotions with loving, with arousing me sexual words,
with sending me tons of nude photos, though I was turned on, loved it, I didn’t
show it.
I kept that wall up real hard and strong for a while.
But in time I realised, if I wanted to succeed in relationship and also I did yearn to
show these feelings, to be vulnerable, to show aﬀection consistently I needed to
grow. I needed to be open and show my feelings.
So I read a lot. I studied and I grew and understand why, what, where and how to
be vulnerable and to show aﬀection. I show it always and I am consistent with it.
Even though I know you can get hurt for approaching women, get rejection
because you are showing your are vulernable, saying to someone you desire
them, I ﬁnd this is my quality of strength amongst people who fear rejection.

I even become a man who has conﬁdence to sexualise, arouse, show aﬀection,
emotional intimacy and physical intimacy.
That’s what the diﬃcult thing for me to do.
I don’t think most women who I date know this.
They think I have always been this way but not so.
I had to learn, grow, invest in myself a lot, date many women, gain many
experiences and knowledge to be who I am today.
What I am trying to say, don’t make excuses you can’t show your feelings. Don’t
make excuses to not show aﬀection because when you have someone you truly
like and desires you, and shows feelings in words and physical, and you do not do
so yourself…in time the person will feel that you do not really feel the same way.
They will then look for it elsewhere.
Love does not conquer all.
You do need to open up, ﬁgure the thing out, don’t make excuses about how you
can’t be vulnerable and ﬂagging some label.
You need to open up, show aﬀection, learn the other person’s love languages,
come together and work it out, say the sexy, hardcore, to aﬀectional words
consistency, and physical intimacy.
Don’t wait until it gets real bad and you lose the person to then ask.
“Oh I made a mistake. The one I loved/liked has gone. How do I get them back?”
It might be far too late because to show aﬀection, to show love, to arouse your
lover consistently, to keep saying sweet words, and you are not doing so, is
emotionally draining for anyone.
It takes its toll and well, they change and the attraction then goes and dies, and
it’s very diﬃcult to then try to build attraction.
When it goes it is very hard and all there is left will be emotional attachement and
so the person, if they do come back usually due to emotional attachment, fear of
abandonment and not really because they so desire you.
It is but the craving they seek now and that too will go away and then when they
disappear again and come back, and repeated, it becomes emotionally draining
now for you and you get confused as well.
So show vulnerability.
Don’t shut a person out who is opening up and if you desire someone, don’t look
for signals and hints. Approach and show your intent.
Better to show. Better to love. Better to open up than to regret.
You don’t want to carry that burden through your life.
3k Views · View Upvoters

If you had Quora in your teens/early 20s, how would your life be
diﬀerent today?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So, you’re saying if I had Quora, the internet, this right here, with facebook,
twitter, instagram and blogs, and websites?
You must be kidding me mate.

No, I am relieved we didn’t have all that back then.
Yes, it brought beneﬁts, access, ﬁddling with our ﬁngers, being able to google and
look for things but no way in hell would I ever wanted all this, back then. Sure,
you can buy stuﬀ online, upload CV’s and many beneﬁts. Like communication by
words on internet.
But I ﬁnd it cold.
Even now, private messages, I don’t feel much aﬀection. It can be cold.
I remember, we didn’t have much distractions like we have today.
We went out everyday, we met tons of our friends, we hanged in corners of streets
having a laugh. We made things from what we found and we were creative about
it. We’d visit our mates on foot and see if they are in.
We’d meet diﬀerent people along way.
This is why my social skills are deadly. This is why I can interact in real world,
face to face without anxiety.
You can write online like some hot shot but when it comes to real world, face to
face, crowds of people, it’s a diﬀerent ball game.
We had dates, we had to walk, approach, talk, coverse, inﬂuence…we had sex, we
dressed up and there was punk music events, rock events, and all kinds of gangs
and it was just amazing teenage years even though it was some tough times.
There was no..
“What does it mean?
We found out what it means by asking the person than being passive-aggressive.
No, I wouldn’t ever want all this right now back when I was a lad.
I credit all the things I didn’t have that has made me who I am and because of
that, I am superb in communication skills, socialising skills and the
resourcefulness I have right now is gold.
We didn’t really have time for selﬁes, for typing, for sending text and we didn’t
use the phone we’d walk down road and.
“Hi, is Gemma in?”
“Is Dave in?”
“Is Rich in?”
We’d walk and visit each other and we’d grab our jackets and just walk, check
some places out and most of all..I enjoyed walking into the library, seeing real
books, thousands of them and walking through touching the covers, feeling the
real deal, and exploring, choosing a book and feeling it in my hands.
I’d see familiar faces too.
So no. I am so glad none of this existed back then.
Relieved.
Especially when I see the level of communication these days.
Sure, in regardings to “writing, a person can improve their writing using Quora,
but writing and socialising is a huge diﬀerence. Big diﬀerence altogether.
You can’t hide in the real world. You can when you type words and you think
you’re growing but step outside, and one’s social skills face to face is so low, they
probably come up with a new label for it.

What we have today, YES, it is more access to knowledge, information but here’s
the thing I have found…and this by no means, I am bashing any era…
1. In all the access to knowledge we have become a world that has become
ignorant and steeped in fallacies, myths, superstitions, emotional rather
than rational thought.
2. Too many read things on internet whether videos, instagram phones of
ones lives, articles on “how to” and lots of opinions and think it is…true.
You’d be surprised how many people fall for these photos of lifestyles,
believe it to be the true representation of someone’s life, someone’s
beauty, someone’s wealth, someone’s REAL life and feel their self esteem
hit the ground. You have beyonce and many others, to people who are
not famous manipulating their photos!
3. We have lost touch in showing emotional intimacy, in communicating
often to someone we desire and care, and love that we love them, that we
desire them, that we want to hold them, that we want to fuck all night
with them. Even the art of ﬂirting is lost with most folks, women and
men. You have the press of a button right now and still the person won’t
have the skill to arouse, turn on, connect and communicate. So we got
communication tools that are really fast and most can’t even do that.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I become charismatic?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Charisma is an attitude.
There are two primary components to attitude.
1. Projection
2. Perception
Your attitude is a form of transmission which projects outwards to give other
people a perception and understanding of who you are, what you’re about and
where you are going.
For all the many things I had to go through, this was one of the most toughest
journey I went on. I called it in my journal..
Walking Into The Eye Of The Storm
It wasn’t easy. It wasn’t just simply…
“Yeah, let’s be true to myself.”
Mostly everyone tells you…it’s easy. It’s just step by step and walla! Just follow the
steps and in no time you will have Charisma.
They don’t know who you are and nor do I. So we don’t know where you are, what
your life is and what storm you’re going to walk into.
The contrast for example my life and where I came from was very diﬀerent to a
typical white british teenager.
I’m not going to show you steps.
I am going to share how to prepare yourself to walk into the eye of the storm.
This is not “How To Inﬂuence and Win Friends!”
This is the real deal and shit will hit the fan when you begin this path. Think
carefully because if you come close to the world I came from then it’s not going to

be some simple 10 steps to success.
You need to know what’s coming your way.
There was a force I had to reckon with and it is a force so strong right now in
society which is steeped with:
1. Religion
2. Traditions
3. Culture
4. Superstitions
5. Myths
6. Social norms
So imagine you’re stuck between two worlds.
One world is the community you come from where your own relatives and
community follow religion and it is strict. Your parents worry what other people
will say and you got the culture, the traditions, the invention of shame and
invention of modesty with it all.
Now imagine another world…the west.
You thought you stepped out of frying pan but now found yourself into another
frying pan.
The west with religion, social norms, traditions which people follow that’s
favourable to their social peers. Trained from the day a child is born and right to
adults..and..it never stops.
You thought invention of shame and modesty was bad in your world but now you
see it’s worst in this one.
Why worse?
Here you ﬁnd people want it but they so worried of saying it. You’re wondering
what the hell is going on.
You thought freedom at last but no.
You found it’s a bit relaxed but it’s still judgmental.
It’s all hidden, behind social masks, behind subtle hints and now you don’t know
who is who, what someone wants and every can’t even say..
“Hey I like you. I want to date you. I want to have sex.”
Nooo. It’s even worse.
Now it’s all like some cryptic shit and everyone else is saying there’s no code, but
you know there is a code but everyone else is saying no one is playing games but
you’re seeing people do play some game.
You got people pretending they don’t get attracted by someone’s look in the
beginning but got a devise no one shows you and it’s suppose to detect someone’s
personality from a far.
Me - So how do you get attracted to a guys’ looks?
Woman - Oh I don’t get attracted to his look at all.
Me - Erm, so how did you notice the guy from 10 steps away?
Woman - Well, I erm…you see
Me - Ok forget it.

I can’t be assed with the bullshit. I had bullshit where I came from and now I got
bullshit where I thought we can at least be open about our sexual desires but no.
It’s the same old shit no matter what world you are in.
Except you are stuck between the two of them.
You’re now in a world of body lanuage, politeness, bullshit, subtle hints, sending
messages like you can read somone else’s mind.
I mean, wouldn’t it be so damn great you can just level up with each other? No,
you can’t. You have to go through the bullshit.
So you got two worlds and both societally conditioned.
Both worlds are following some myths, fallacies and indoctrines.
Both worlds are bat shit crazy.
And you are stuck right in the middle of it all.
Now what?
You are now a human being with two people inside of you. One wants freedom, to
live it’s desires, passion, dreams and goals while the other is choking you and
pulling you down with fear.
One feels guilty and other feels lost.
You have two voices, one voice is being silenced. The real voice. The voice that
wants to live by it’s own terms.
The voice of creativity, desires, sexual desires, freedom, arts, music, dreams,
goals, to see the world and to experience what most only can dream within the
four corners of the walls.
How can one ever have Charisma, if what we project isn’t what we really
are?
How can we ever have Charisma if we know, deep inside the life we are
living isn’t our own but someone else’s idea, someone else’s voice,
someone else’s path, someone else’s belief and we’re always walking in
someone else’s shadows?
Attitude - the instrument of communication. A moment to moment transmission
or projection of our thoughts, feelings, opinions onto the world.
It is a manner of feeling, acting, thinking that shows our true frame of mind, our
personality, individualism…our…nature.
But what if our nature is but a social mask?
What if our nature is not living up to the life we yearn for, the life hidden deep
inside ourselves and locked like a treasure?
The desires we hide deep within ourselves which we so fantasize but we dare not
speak of. Locked deep…deep down inside us.
It means our inner thoughts and inner feelings are not in harmony with our self
image. Our self image is not intact.
Instead deep down we feel we are not really true to ourselves.
Deep down we are frauds.
Why would anyone be someone else and be fearful to live their fantasy and make
it fucking real? Why would they even consider having two voices instead of one
that they want to live by?

How can anyone who does that have the audacity to say to their children, “live
your dreams, be yourself,”and keep a straight face?
The obstacles of developing Charisma…
1. Fear of Criticism
I decided, never again I’ll be robbed of my initiative to have power of
imagination and live what is in my imagination. I was willing and I did
step out of the shadows and if that meant getting criticisms from my own
community and society itself, so be it. The fear of criticism is fatal to
your own personal achievement.
It paralyzes you.
It makes you passive-aggressive, timid, insecure and it is so slow for
anyone to ever have an opinion or express.
It makes a person an imposter. It makes the person wear many social
masks. It makes the person into an imitator rather than an innovator.
2. The Fear of Loss Of Love
I could have fallen for this one and thought, mum, dad, will not love me
anymore if I become what I am meant to be….myself. Being myself
meant I date women, sex with women, music, singing, painting naked
women and other arts which is “prohibited.” Instead I went and did it.
This fear is probably one of the most powerful because it hits hard on the
basic fears of human beings. The fear of loss of love will cause many to
believe you can buy love. That love is one way. That love conquers all.
That love can buy someone like me to not do the things I was born to do
and passionate about. People fear the loss of love due to myths and
fallacies regarding soul mate, the one to such they will waste their life on
waiting for. Someone who doesn’t even give a shit about them.
People will buy gifts to get someone’s love. Men will throw roses, be
passive-aggressive and get walked all over, while women also do the
same to ﬁnd out, you cannot buy love. They then remind you of all the
good things, nice things they have done for you when you say..”I am not
interested.” The fear of loss of love makes people do irrational things.
3. The Fear Of Poverty
I could have also fallen for this one. I mean I was living in my parents
home. I could have believed that if I go against my parents, I’d not have a
place to stay. I’d be lost but I did exactly that, and left and stood on my
own two feet. So did some of my sisters. The fear of poverty and loss gets
you to feel you have no choice. That you lose shelter, cozy bed, nice
carpeted room, and if you don’t be a good boy or girl….you end up in the
street and broke.
The fear of poverty will keep you broke, will make you even stingy to give
and broke will make you conscious about what you go in your bank
account. It eats up and destroys ambition, persistence and discipline. It
invites poverty at every corner you turn.
How then, when one is attached to these things can they ever really have
Charisma?
It’d be great if we all had support from family and the community because we
won’t need to worry trying to belong in any world.
The reality is very diﬀerent to novels, movies and motivational articles.

Sometimes we live in a religious family that sees you as the devil incarnate if you
ever go for what you desire.
Sometimes we have support from one parent but they will do so silently because
the other parent doesn’t agree.
We have now come back to the beginning..
Our attitude….projects who we are, what we are about and where we are going.
What if who we are is just the voice of our peers and not our own?
What if what we are about is….someone else’s dreams and goals, and not
our own?
What if where we are going is not our story, not our journey but someone
else’s?
How can we ever have Charisma if we cannot be ourself for real?
When we develop our attitude ﬁrst then we build the foundation for Charisma.
We give ourself the chance to be strong mindset wise and also prepare ourselves
for the long haul.
We can look ahead and see the obstacles because everyone can say it is easy and
here are the steps but no one can know the storm you are going to face.
My storm was huge but it is something I do not regret.
It brought me a wealth of knowledge that I could sit for years on end to share with
loved ones to learn and grow. It made me who I am and I am proud of the
decisions of walking into the eye of the storm.
It brought me so many experiences you cannot come close from reading books. It
has given me conﬁdence and forged my character with discipline.
It has attracted women to me from around the world.
It has shown me the truth of who I am, my ﬂaws, my weakness, my fears but also
my strengths and power that I’d never would have seen in the comfort zone. I
have value you cannot buy from a shelf by walking into the eye of the storm.
Attitude is going to be a huge part in your life if you desire to attract the right
people to what you desire to do and achieve.
You don’t need many people.
The few will attract the many but we ﬁrst must get ourselves sorted.
We ﬁrst got to be true to ourselves.
If we don’t believe in what we say, if we are half hearted in what we desire to
accomplish….how can expect anyone else to believe and work with us with the
same passion and conviction?
So we got to start with asking this tough question…
Are we who we say we are?
Or is there a voice inside of us that we are scared to let out because we fear the
criticism of others and the fear of loss?
5.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Farida Youssef

What is the best piece of advice for a teenage boy?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Oct 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will ﬁnd yourself afraid in this world.
You will ﬁnd yourself thinking about all the insecurities you have. You will
wonder how can you ever impress this girl, or that boy, this woman or that man.
Always wondering how you will ever rise yourself to their expectations.
Always wondering if you’re good enough.
You will feel weak.
You will feel small in this big wide world.
You will feel everything is larger, stronger and bigger than you.
You will feel you have nothing much to oﬀer.
You will feel they have more.
You will feel they are out of your league.
It won’t help when people say there is no such thing as leagues or friendzones. It
won’t help if people say that it doesn’t exist.
They won’t help you because they forgot what it is like to be where you are right
now because if they remembered, they will understand that what you are going
through, what you feel and that the emotions you feel are real for you.
I remember where you are right now.
I remember it as clear as the day and night, as the moon shines and as the
sunrises to break the sky into a thousand colours. I remember it to such that I can
still taste when the heart raced and the beat of the drum began.
I remember it as though fear is still sitting next to me, laughing, mocking,
nudging, poking with emotions that feel like a gigantic Dam is about to crack
open to unlesh mayhem. I can still remember what loneliness feels like.
I remember it so well but I also remember what helped me.
So I won’t say what you feel or going through isn’t real.
I won’t say these do not exist because they DO exist due to the world you live in
and people’s perception who live by these beliefs.
Yes, there are girls, boys, men and women who believe in out of league,
friendzone, appearances, status, popularity and who will behave as such to you.
That is why I am giving you the solution to not ignore your plight, not ignore your
struggle and nor to ignore your fears.
Rather to embrace them, claim them and make them your strengths with this
following understanding no adult could ever explain to me….

The ones you look up to, the ones you desire, the ones you want to be part of, the
ones who intimidate you and the ones who make you feel less..
Are…..also….afraid.
They are terriﬁed.
They are also insecure.
They look in the mirror and only see their ﬂaws.
They are also unhappy.

They are also human beings.
Who also have fears.
Who also have hopes.
Who also have aspirations.
Who also doubt themselves.
Who also worry what others think about them.
Now I like you to think about what I just said.
That the very person you look at is someone like you, who fears, who has
insecurities, who doubts themselves and who wonders if they are good enough
for someone else, for a girl, a boy, a man, a woman, a job or even an opportunity.
All you got to decide is this…
Is your reality BIGGER, STRONGER, than theirs or not?
I don’t mean you looking down at them.
I mean is your belief, your story, your movie in your mind stronger, mightier,
bigger than theirs?
Do you really believe it so and does your behaviour shows it?
If your reality says you’re amazing, every part of your body is gorgeous, that you
are smart, that you are going places, that any who says no to you isn’t saying you
are not good enough but they are not ready……then it just means they are not
ready to be part of your wonderful life.
It means you won’t wait but to move on fast because you are not waiting to be
accepted, approved and validated.
You know who you are and who you are is good enough for you and it will be for
someone who desires to be with you.
So you will move on faster and before they even give a reason.
You do not want a reason.
You want a Yes or a No.
You want conviction.
You want true intent.
If they cannot give that then you you move on fast because you know you’re
reality is saying to you, “it is not good enough. You know who you are. Move on.”
Always moving forward knowing you have a stronger reality in your mind.
That they cannot see what you see in your mind and in who you are and the value
you got to oﬀer.
IF this reality of yours is BIGGER, STRONGER, BRIGHTER in your mind then no
one can ever make you feel small.
It doesn’t matter who they are.
It doesn’t matter what status they have.
It doesn’t matter what looks, money, car, house, wealth or qualiﬁcations they got.
It doesn’t matter how good looking they are or how well dressed.

It doesn’t matter how many follow, vote, tweet or like.
It doesn’t matter what some crowd says this person is.
1. It is…irrelevant to your reality.
2. It is not good enough for your reality.
3. It is not going to conquer your reality.
No matter who said you are too tall, too small and not good enough. Whatever
they say….you know it is not your belief.
That it does not deﬁne you but deﬁnes who they are, what they belief level is
about themselves, their negativity, their experience in life, who they were
brought up by, the stuﬀ they swam in, the people they associated with and it is
their perception.
It reveals their mirror, their reﬂection not yours.
It is their reality.
So now, whose reality is bigger?
The only person who can decide that is you.
The only reason you will feel small, incomplete, insecure is when you begin to
believe in their reality.
Embrace who you are and make your reality stronger, bigger, brighter and wear it
all with pride but without you looking down on anyone.
You are who you think you are.
Be responsible for your thoughts because if there were any treasures that are
more precious in this world than anything, it is your thoughts.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Are you willing to give up love for freedom?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why, do we need to choose?
Why, when we can have both?
I don’t need to give up any of them. So why would I even think like that. I am now
rambling on because Quora might collapse the answer.
Yes, why would I not want both?
I can have both.
Love, hot sex, pussy, ass, tits, women who love a man and into a man like me,
yearn for men like me AND…freedom.
So I will have both because we can have both.
953 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says she sometimes misses you,
but she doesn't think she loves you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I notice you used the word “girl” not girlfriend, not lover, not a girl you’re
romantically and sexually with.

So I am going to assume you are not dating her, she hasn’t emotionally invested
and you are spending way too much time with being available for you.
If my assumptions are bang on then…
1. You need to stop spending too much time with her
2. She is framing you as some platonic dude
3. So distance yourself and get busy
4. Let her realise what it feels like when you’re not around. Some girls don’t
realise a good thing. Like chocolate. They eat too much of it and now it’s
boring.
Distance yourself and correct your behaviour.
Stop being her emotional tampon support.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What is your most epic last line on Tinder chat?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated May 13, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Star Wars?
Me - I am not your father
Girl - Hahaha. Everyone is looking and I’m laughing out loud
Me - May the force be with you, you’ll need it with social norm bullshit
Girl - Yeah I read your work
Me - STALKER ALERT!
Girl - No, no. I am not stalking :P
Me - Relax, just joking but I need to know something
Girl - sex?
Me - Women these days. What about my mind, Forget my body for a moment.
Dayum girl. You all got dirty minds ;)
Girl - :P So what you want to know
Me - You’re not a psycho
Girl - I’m not
Me - You’re not one of those “OOooh sex, what is it, something new. Never heard
of it?”
Girl - Hahaha. No. I am on Tinder
Me - You’re also not “Oooooh not ready for a relationship right now,” crap
Girl -That’s sooooooooo not me. Can’t stand girls like that.
Me - Then we’ll get along. But I am shy
Girl - You’re not shy.
Me - I like to go slow,
Girl - ;P I know you’re a bad boy
Me - No, I’m a nice boy, polite, gentle (LYING) and you know , just nice ;)
Girl - I think I am going to like you
Me - Whatever. You’re already in love. Keep your nickers on.
Girl - I haven’t got any on ;)
Me - Neither have I ;)
Girl - You’re diﬀerent
Me - You mean I say what everyone else are thinking but don’t say
Girl - Yes. I like that. I’m so bored with guys I met lately
Me - Ok well let’s keep this upbeat and change that
Me - Ok here’s my number XXXXXX for other phone. I am free wednesday or
thursday 8pm at Kasbah.
Girl - XXXXXXXXXXXX I can do thursday. Can we make it 9?
Me - Yes sure but if you’re late, an ass slap for you.
Girl - I thought you are not my father?
Me - Holy shit! Your father is kinky with you?

Girl - NOOOO! I mean
Me - I’m joking :)
Girl - You’re trouble!
Me -Exactly how you like it ;)
Girl - This is going to be fun
Me - May the force be with you. See you then.
149.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so hard to ﬂirt with other men after a long term
relationship breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want to talk about your fears?
You’re not ready for dating and relationship. You need to overload. You need time
for yourself, go and see a therapist to talk until your heart content.
You want emotional support not some guy to date.
You want to talk about your fears and and thoughts, ﬁne, talk to a therapist OR
what you can do is the following..
1. First focus on the guy.
2. Get to know the guy by dating
3. Be intimidate with the guy
4. Get sexual with the guy
5. Keep negativity, fears out of it
6. Get to know HIM ﬁrst as he gets to know you and what you got to oﬀer.
Right now you’re still in this “relationship” mode and so you want to dive in
talking about these when this is not time to do so when in beginning stages of
ﬂirting and dating.
I would advise, talk to friends, you must have many close or few friends and talk.
Let it out. Or see a therapist until you have got it out of your chest.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is the friend zone for guys who a girl likes, but doesn’t think is
physically attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It is this…
1. Guy is attracted to girl in a romantic sexual way
2. Girl says she is not interested but like to be friend because let’s face it, he
has fucked up so bad, spending far too much time, being platonic that
she can never, ever, ever see him in that way. He’s now like a brother. A
friend.
3. Guy still hangs around this girl hoping she will say yes and she will open
her legs, so he can have sex with her all night long.
4. He zoned himself.
5. It doesn’t matter why she feels this way and she might have some
interest but says no. That’s a guy who is desperate and looking for hope.
Same for girl..

1. Girl is attracted to guy in a romantic sexual way.
2. Guy says he’s not interested but like to be friends and let’s face it…she
spent tons of time being one and now he sees her as a sister and friend.
3. Girl still hangs around him hoping he will say yes and she can now enjoy
then ride all night long.
4. She zoned herself.
5. It doesn’t matter why he feels this way or he might be interested but says
no. That’s a girl desperate and looking for hope.
If you like a person approach immediately and ask them out.
If they say no, move on. The girl or guy isn’t entitled for you to be their friend and
so you can say not interested to be a friend and walk away.
9.1k Views · View Upvoters

If you asked a woman out, but she said she has a boyfriend,
what would you do: a) politely leave and forget the woman, b)
try to be friends with her, or c) try approaching her in a
diﬀerent way later?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I have a boyfriend
Me - You both monogamous?
Girl - Oh no, not into that shit. I like to date others too
Me - And your guy knows yes?
Girl - Yeah he knows
Me - Ok then, heres my phone, add your number and we’ll meet up to ﬁnd out
more about each other
Girl - And here’s mine.

Girl - I have a boyfriend
Me - You both monogamous?
Her - Yes
Girl - Awesome. Have a cool day. Bye.

Girl - I have a boyfriend
Me - You both Monogamous
Her - Yes….. Actually I’m kidding. I’m not dating anyone
Me - Ok bye
Her - Wait, I said I’m not dating anyone!
Me - Yeah but I don’t like women who play games. You sound like someone who
like to test and do all that. Not into that. Sorry. Bye.

Girl - I have a boyfriend but I’m still looking
Me - Great then..
Her - But I want a relationship not someone who don’t take me serious, playing
me
Me - Awesome. Have a cool day, bye.
Her - Wait, don’t you, you know
Me - You sound so desperate for a relationship. I mean how the heck can you
anyone promise a relationship when they haven’t dated, got to know each other.
That’s just don’t make any sense. Sorry but I’m looking for maturity.

Her - Excuse me?
Me - You’re excused! Bye.
42.5k Views · View Upvoters

If I (a girl) were to approach you (a guy) to ask you out, what
would you like me to say?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy.
Some guys like a girl to be direct and ﬂirty.
Some guys like a girl who is extremely sexual and ﬂirty when she
approaches.
Some guys like a girl to be not ﬂirty and just saying it like a casual
conversation.
So you’re like most girls and guys, asking the wrong question. You can’t
go oﬀ asking what guys would like you to say if you was girl.
Every guy is diﬀerent.
So your question needs to be..
“What do I look for in a guy.”
“What are your boundaries?”
“What is compatible for you?”
Answer these questions ﬁrst and then you’re ready for the next step.
1. You want some nice guy.
Who probably never dated a girl before. Then approach him casual and
be ready to know he knows shit what to do next and so you may need to
lead. He probably won’t kiss, hold hands and all that for a while because
he be worried on what you think.
He will be inexperienced, passive-aggressive and dependent on the
outcome which means, every decision he makes will be based on fear of
whether he will lose you rather being himself. Like the way you’re asking
right now due to fear of rejecton. You’d just get to know him ﬁrst and
then ask him out.
2. You want a guy who has some experience.
But has anxiety, then again, you’d approach in a casual manner. Do same
thing.
3. You want a guy who is conﬁdent you probably need to be a little ﬂirty
especially if he has a lot of experience and is bored with girls who keep
looking for relationship ﬁrst. Then you’d ask him out there and then after
you had a chat.
If you want a conﬁdent, sexual lover and who has vast experience and
who is older, you need to step up even more. I am this guy and so if you
approach doing like what you would with the guys, I maybe attracted to
you but I would know in an instant, you’re up to your eye balls with
social norms, traditions and expectations on relationship, and usual
stuﬀ.
So I’d know you don’t have experience, or you’re not sexual or try to hide
your sexual, or got this idea about no sex until 10 meetings, and all the
stuﬀ I would avoid like the plague. I just can’t be assed with the bullshit.

You can’t approach this guy behaving like some woman with baggage.
You can’t start blazing away about how you won’t do sex or any of that.
You cannot do what you did with young boys. This is a man of wealthy
experience, years of knowledge and he does not like social norms,
traditions and people who cannot think for themselves.
I’m this type who desires a girl who says hey but is very ﬂirty, sexual but
also kind, compassionate too. So her language will have lots of sexual
words, ﬂirty with her behaviour, and physical touch as she ﬂirts. If I don’t
have that on approach, I won’t be interested.
I will ﬁnd out compatibility - she is conﬁdent, high sexual, desires sex
like I do, mature and she desires a man who leads, who is knowledeable.
Who she wants a romantic sexual relationship but also desires to learn
from him. I cna go on with what I want in a woman. I don’t care what
other women think and nor follow the rules of society. I don’t need to ask
women for advice on this or society.
So what you’re looking in a guy?
What is are your boundaries.
What does compatibility mean to you.
Then approach with knowing what you’re looking for in a guy.
6 Views · View Upvoters

Why do men care more for physical intimacy, while woman
more for emotional intimacy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some of it is due to social conditioning and some of it is due to the way we are
wired but with anything wired.
From an early age, boys grow up socially conditioned to not show emotions. They
are conditioned to believe that men should appear weak at all times and show no
emotions. They should avoid being perceived as weak which includes
complaining, divulging in negativity…fears…concerns….insecurities,
complaining and expressing self doubt and worry.
You probably heard this phrase…
“Men don’t cry.”
As a young boy I always found myself to hide my emotions. There are two reasons
why. One is wasn’t in touch with what many women are in beginining. The
feelings, the communication, the empathy, the willingness to bond with each
other. With men I found myself having that bond but there was still aggression
and competition.
So I was brought up as a man who has to watch it with my emotions and amongst
men who will try it on with their power trip ego and I have to then ensure they
don’t think they can.
We are also taught, to not expose our weakness, the cracks, the armour, or he
won’t be a man of anything but weak,
So since man learns this, he focuses on physical as that is all he knows. He
focuses on getting what he wants in life by work of his mind and hands,
competition, goal orientated and aggression towards his goals.

Most think in a more detailed, logical, rational manner than more of
communication way which women are very good at.
For example, most men seem to think sex is about physical and to arouse a
woman they use physical foreplay. That to get a woman in the mood it is about
foreplay.
But that is not so.
Sex is psychological too and can start ﬁrst with the mind of the woman. He can
arouse her without the physical touch.
That’s a skill. That needs a man to has a wealth of knowledge, skill and
experience you just cannot get from books alone. I have read tons of books and
psychology and even then much of what I know came from real life experience to
make sense of what I read and know. It gave me more understanding of what I
know and do better. Many do not have the patient for this but for me, women,
dating, romance, sex is not part of my life. It is my whole lifestyle, and my
sexuality encompasses all I do, from everything and women realise that early on.
But most men do not have that understanding and do not understand what
emotional intimacy is and do not know how to communicate at such a deep level.
It’s not easy. Men say to other men talk to women like you do with all women.
Fuck that. I never do that. Ever,. I don’t talk to my sister the way I talk to women I
am attracted to. I don’t talk to an interview panel the way I talk to a friend, I don’t
to a woman who is a client in same way as I do with a woman at a bar or night
club and even diﬀerent situations, has diﬀerent moods, diﬀerent way of
communication, and EVEN diﬀerent words and phrases.
Many have robbed men with such ill advise and they love to sell books and ride
on the good feel factor but it doesn’t help men to do what they want whether it is
talking to women at a deep emotional level, intimacy, deep connection or even
conversation wise. Most is small talk and I don’t do small talk.
It bores me and I ﬁnd it just tedious and empty.
This is the same as well with emotional intimacy. Most men don’t know how.
Most men are afraid if they open up, if they seem to show weakness, crying,
talking about their insecurities then it be over.
Also men are wary and with women.
Many women complain men do this and rightly so. There are men who do not
respect boundaries in which a woman isn’t interested and so he walks away but
there are women who play hard to get,
So some men do not know what to do but they do not know not because of most
women that will take advantage of men who are attracted to them, who do show
intimacy and use them for emotional support. So men now are very wary for
women wanting to be friends and all that when he is attracted to her.
There are women who do that but that’s not the problem. The problem is some
men themselves need to step up in regards to have boundaries themselves, To not
give time to such women they are attracted to and who just wants friendship.
Instead, he needs to be clear what he wanted in ﬁrst place and if that’s not there
then he walks away and moves on.
But most men have become timid, passive-aggressive and needy.
Moment that happens, when a woman says she isn’t interested but wants to be
friends…. I’m not interested. I didn’t approach for this reason and my time is
valuable. I have women who are friends already.

If I ﬁnd a woman I am attracted to and she just wants friendship, I’m not
interested. I don’t spend time giving them emotional support as I am far too busy
with business, coaching, mentoring, doing my own thing and going out with the
guys. Can’t be assed with it.
But most men who are attracted to a woman, she says she is but then says she’s
not ready but like to just be friends, and uses his time, his resources, uses his
vulnerability for nothing more as a resource for emotional support when he could
have walked away. She becomes close with and he with her BUT she then says to
him, she feels like he’s like her brother…friend.
People by nature sometimes are selﬁsh.
People will not give a damn of using your time for their needs for attention, for
emotional support and so a man needs to really decide what is important to him
and not be a push over.
Now men are wary if they are attracted to a woman to show emotional intimacy,
they feel she might just see him as a friend.
Me, I just go full on and want an answer, yes or no. If no, bye. If yes, ok we move
forward. No intimacy and all that until ﬁrst step is done and we move forward..
So now, some men’s walls are up.
So there is not just wired, not just socially conditioned but also his experiences he
had in life with some women. Some of the experience is due to his lack of
maturity, his lack of self respect and his lack of boundaries and some is due to
women and men, who do use people for status and for using their resources to get
what they want without the consideration of the person.
Let’s say Narcissts, social Psychopaths, Psychopaths and one doesn’t need to be
either to even do such things but experiences some negative experiences in past
to project on to some guy, and then this guy’s perception gets impacted too if he
lets it.
So it’s not just one thing and I’m speaking from my own personal experience as a
man. I don’t know about other men. This is just from my personal view and from
my personal expriences and observation.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hakan Şentürk

Why did these two older men assume they had a chance with
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How did he contact you by text?
Why would you give him, an older guy you’re text number.
Why are you even in the environment alone talking to older men when really, it’s
best to meet the daughter in a church, or community centre or your house.
You’re Christain. Your mum is a pastor.
I’m sure they taught you something about not being alone with men even if he
has a daughter that needs help ;) You know, the devil and all that. I’m not
religious by the way in that sense, but I know about diﬀerent religions and their
code of conduct.
That to me is creepy because if you’re not into older men, the only person who
should have your number is the daughter of that man, not him.
So stop giving out your number to older men.

You’re helping the daughter not the dad. She has your number. That’s all it needs.

As for older men dating youger women as creepy? No. That’s societal
conditioning. Creepy is his behaviour and others for not respecting your
boundaries but creepy as men interested in younger women, no. That’s you’re
own perception and other people’s perception if you think so that comes from
social conditioning.
Nothing wrong with older men desiring a young women.
It is only new to people who haven’t lived outside their comfort zone and live in
some world where all they see is what they call “normal.”
But the moment you start dating older me, you will see what was ALWAYS been
there but you don’t see it and nor do many because that is not your interest.
The mind..
So you see what you desire, what interestes you and your brain ﬁlters out
anything that is not important for you.
But it’s all around you and you don’t see it and nor do many see it because it’s not
your interest. It’s not important for you. It’s not something you desire and it is
hidden from mainstream media.
However, the moment you desire something and you engage, participate in it,
you suddenly start to see the world you didn’t notice.
You think it’s new but really, it’s not. It’s just you and most people are way
behind, in your closet, in your perception, in a frame of mind in which your brain
only makes clear to what is important to you in that period of time in your life.
Has fuck all to do with creepy. Creepy is a behaviour and an image that is a
representation put there by societal conditioning. That includes religion and
social norms that is favoured by your….peers.
Many young girls date older men and they will say why but you’re coming into a
place, like here as an example, asking where it’s not a dating website…a forum….a
place in which yong girls date older men.
If you go to a forum, a place where they do, you will see plenty of young girls reply
back to you and they’d say same.
Creepy is some old guy, a father, shifty eyed who doesn’t respect your boundaries
but you don’t see and nor do you…attract such men. You never will with your
mindset and the world you live in.
Do they look creepy? No they don’t..

Such men will never chase you. They don’t have to.
Every young woman aged from 18, 19 years old came to me. They contacted me
and even thought I would never reply to them.
So men of class, men of value won’t even give you a second look if you don’t
approach them because we got many who come to us.
And if we ﬁnd your religious…or follow some set social norm, forget it. You’re
done. We won’t even bother.
You haven’t men older men who have class.

Ask yourself why you don’t meet older men like that and I don’t mean famous
because there are men that look like that and who are not famous.
Look where you live. Look what they eat. Look at their mindset. Look at your
friends. Look where they are going.
You think such men will be there or ﬂying oﬀ all over the world like I do, doing
amazing things in life?
You don’t attract what you want…you attract who you are, therefore look at who
you’re friends are, who you associate with and you see why you attract such older
men with creepy behaviour.
I mean, you cannot even control the guy texting you.
How did he get your mobile number? What level of mindset have you and your
friends have for him to access your mobile phone number to text you?
That’s what you need to sort out.
As well as stop going to houses of older men and being with them on your own
when you know what you’re own religion says regarding such issues.
You’re visiting your friend or their dad?
Action speaks louder. Let such meetings happen at church or somewhere where
you are not alone with these older guys.
Oh and this is an older women who many young men will love to date and have
sex with…

1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I took him for granted and he broke up with me. What can I do
to show him I am truly sorry and maybe, get back with him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got sound advise from John Roy. Deﬁnitely move on and just focus on you. If
you spend lots of time checking him out and pursuing, and trying to get him
back, it be worse.
The negativity that exists is not going to help and he won’t value what you do
anyway. But if you dissappear and get to work doing your own thing and one day,
he sees you looking damn good even after breakup…he will think twice.
Also if you dissappear it gives him time to think of the……good about you.
Second which is already mentioned, you don’t bank on hope.
He may never forgive and forget but if you move forward, you’ll meet someone
else. You can take this new found knowledge to do better and it becomes growth
for you as you date another lover.
We all make mistakes. Don’t be hard on yourself.
We all make them and some of us unintentionally and some intentionally. Either
way, the best option is always to move forward.
This is how we sometimes grow.
All the best
5.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Gamze bamse

What do you say if a guy online says he would like to bang me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Interesting because this happened..
Me - Yes, we’ll fuck tonight, but make sure you got your ass plug on because we’re
going to have long night…
Her - What would you like me to wear?
Me - Wear? Nothing :)
Her - Here’s my number xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

It depends doesn’t it. I can say that because we ﬂirted, we teased, we gradually up
the tension and we could also speak that way.
I don’t see it as a problem except this one..
You having to ask people, what they think.
If I knew a woman I am attracted to did that, that would be the biggest turn oﬀ
because I expect her to think for herself, be sexually secure, conﬁdent and
doesn’t need the world to tell her how to behave.
I have had women…say much more and loved it.
But that’s because I don’t have any societal conditioning thoughts regarding my
sexuality, and sex, and didn’t fall for the invention of shame and modesty.
25.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know when someone really loves you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you know if someone really loves you for who you are and not just
for sex?

You see, here is the problem of this question.
If you can’t recognise it then that means, no matter what anyone says in an
answer, you will only see your perception.
I know what love looks like because I know I got it.
I know the process on how to behave.
I know how to recognise it too.
I know it so well and know when someone loses that feeling and can tell by their
behaviour too. In fact, I know it so well, I have written books on it only for myself,
showing each step diﬀerent people of diﬀerent love languages will behave, step
by step, by step by step!
However, the real question is always this…
What would you do if you love someone?
You don’t know what you would do?
You don’t have any boundaries?
You don’t know how it looks like, for real?

Then I’d be very cautious of a woman who says that to me because if she don’t
know what love looks like and how it behaves, then how will she behave with me?
The answer is not here or out there.
The answer is this..
1. How do you want to be treated when it’s love?
2. What does compatibility mean to you and how to communicate it.
3. What is your boundaries the othe person needs to respect?
Why ask these questions?
Because a person who knows what love is knows the ﬁrst law of love is…love
yourself. That’s how you know how you need to be treated and that’s when you
know what you’re boundaries are.
And sex is not someone else’s responsbility but your own.
So don’t pass it oﬀ like it’s someone else’s responsibility,
You can say no to sex, can’t you?
There we go. It’s solved. Done!
Take responsibility of your own sexuality and don’t mix it and complicated it
with love or you’re saying you’re not responsible for your own sexuality, and can’t
say no.
Love yourself ﬁrst,
Set boundaries.
Because whether one loves or don’t, you will never really know. Sometimes you
can be with someone for years and they change and you see a stranger. You have
been with a person for 5 years and who said they loved you and now they seem
completely diﬀerent and behave in a disgusting manner, cheat, like, have aﬀairs.
What happened?
People change, that’s what happened.
That doesn’t mean they didn’t love you.
It means people change and so, you got no control over someone dating you one
day and leaving you the week after.
That’s life. That’s love for you.
No one can control that and your question is about controlling things rather
making decision for you.
But you can love yourself and appreciate that love, with all it’s promises, is never
really enough. It needs help.
You need to give it help and do so with knowledge, skill and expertise.
Many answers are all well and good, making it all so romantic but I have loved
many times and I know love is not enough.
11k Views · View Upvoters

I'm an 18 year old girl but I only like older men around 30-40 I
just don't ﬁnd guys my age appealing as I feel less safe and
protected what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's normal but not so in society as in large as in on TV, as in the magazine they
read, as in what their parent says and as in what society follows as "normal."
You do what’s right for you and forget what anyone else thinks.
If dating and being in relationship with older men is for you, then that’s for you.
Of course be of legal consent age and then put your middle ﬁnger at the world.
There are many strong rational reasons why young woman want to date older
men.
Most people like to believe that older men chase and pursue women. Let me
share some facts from my experience as an older male…
1. Every young women came looking for me and older male friends.
2. Every young women approached me and also older male friends
3. Every young woman had a longer lasting deep connection with older
men than they have had with young boys at school.
4. Every young woman who did approach, whether long distance or locally,
was in relationship, and still is, longer than she has ever been with a
young guy.
5. One young woman I met when she was 19 years old and has been dating
me for years. Never looked back and never wanted to date young men
again. There is a reason for this. Many reasons.
It’s not hard to understand why younger girls desire older men and why you feel
safe and comfortable with older men than younger men.
But lets for now, put away the socitetal conditioning and see with rational mind.
Rational not bias mainstream, societal programming but rational than
emotionally bias.
Typical Young Man
Picture for a moment a typical young lad and in fact let’s even go beyond school.
Let’s say 22 years old typical guy these days.
Remember to stick to your rationale not your fears on what others think, and that
this is a typical 22 year old young man.
Now here’s the questions..
1. What has he learnt in life?
2. Can he even string a conversation for a month never mind an hour.
3. Can you sit with him without him thinking about his dick and talk with
him in an emotional and rationale deep conversation that turns you on,
intellectually and emotionally without even sex?
4. Is he responsible with his future, his goals in life, his view of the world,
and how he will focus on achieving his greater purpose? Has he or does
he even have a clue what greater purpose is or is all he is what society
told him about grades and jobs?
5. Is he a man with his own resources, money, jobs, and not living in his
mummy’s and daddy’s basement, where you can be free to just relax and
be yourself? Where you can walk naked if you desire without feeling
insecure about your body and space. That it is his home. It’s his world
and it’s where no one can walk in like they do in mummy, daddy’s house.
6. How nice does he treat the women?
7. How honest is he?

8. Any smoking or drinking or pot drugs?
9. How EMOTIONALLY controlled is he?
10. How….stable…..is….he…in…his…life?
Ok now forget about this 16–22 typical young guy for a moment…
Now, picture in your mind the typical 45 year-old guy. Again be sure to picture
the 45 year old guy not what others think, and societal conditioning tells you.
The 45 year old guy….
1. What has he learnt in life?
2. Can he even string a conversation for a month never mind an hour?
3. Can you sit with him without him thinking about his dick and talk with
him in an emotional and rationale deep conversation that turns you on,
intellectually and emotionally without even sex?
4. Is he responsible with his future, his goals in life, his view of the world,
and how he will focus on achieving his greater purpose? Has he or does
he even have a clue what greater purpose is or is all he is what society
told him about grades and jobs?
5. Is he a man with his own resources, money, jobs, and not living in his
mummy’s and daddy’ss basement, where you can be free to just relax
and be yourself? Where you can walk naked if you desire without feeling
insecure about your body and space. That it is his home. It’s his world
and it’s where no one can walk in like they do in mummy, daddy’s house.
6. How nice does he treat the women?
7. How honest is he?
8. Any smoking or drinking or pot drugs?
9. How EMOTIONALLY controlled is he?
10. How….stable…..is….he…in…his…life?
Now here’s a question. Remember to think rationale and no brain washing
bullshit society has been force fed people with.
Given these two men, and thinking rationally, which man would you rather have
your 19 year old daughter date?
Which of these two men are going to treat her better?
Which can guide with understanding of life, with knowledge, with direction and
more importantly will WANT to take care of her?
Here’s the big question….
Which of these men are going to be physically safer for her?
If people immediately choose the young 16–22 year old and they tell me they will
feel safe for their daughter based on the questions I have said, THEN they are
being just as immature as the young boys are.
They are being emotional, irrational and if they live in western world then they
have fallen COMPLETELY to the prey to the societal programming since
mummy and dady of Asians would choose the 45 year old guy for their…
daughter!
If you don’t believe me, talk to some asian girls.
The parents choose the 45 year old guy for their daughter. They want their
daughter safe.

Now that doesn’t mean I agree such parents do that. I feel every girl should make
her mind up, have the freedom to choose who to date, be with as a lover, a partner
etc.
But see the contrast, the diﬀerence in this matter in western world and with
many Asians with their daughters. They don’t give a fuck about what other
people think. This is their daughter.
In the last 6 months the amount of Asian girls contacting me on how they fall for
some guy, every bloody week and month is crazy. I don’t bother giving them
advise. I’m not a nice guy who gives emotional support. I know how it is with
some girls fucking about with men’s time.
But a huge number just fall for a guy once a week or a month and guys who are
not bothered or guys who they date and a few months, pﬀf…gone. New
relationship with new infatuation starts with other guys again and again, and
over again.
And the parent sees that.
They see their daughter infatuated with one guy, after another and another, and
it leads nowhere. Same for guys too. They fall for girls, one after another, dating,
relationship, pﬀf…gone. New infatuation, date, relationship…pﬀf..gone. On and
on it goes and parents see this week in, month out, year in and year out.
Then the Asian girls wonder why parents are sorting it out to date and be with
older 45 year old man.
Now if she can get a young man who just bloody sticks with the damn program,
walla but she knows…as all young girls do…for that to happen…it’s so damn hard.
You cannot trust it to happen.
She knows as all western girls know that just because a guy says he loves you,
wants you, doesn’t mean it will last.
He has time on his side.
He is young.
He will say whatever he can to get her to open her legs and time is on..his..side.
He can date, fuck and a day or week, or month or even 3 years he dissappears.
Time is on his side and so he can do this, no problem.
One girl after another.
You know it. I know it and everyone else knows it.
He doesn’t want to settle down even if he had 5 girls in his life.
He still cannot promise stability. Even if all 5 girls said they love him and they
will be with him even if he is with other girls. Just promise that he will always be
their lover and friend.
He cannot even promise that.
The older man CAN! You bet he can!
His time is not like young men’s. He has lived. He knows the real deal and how
precious relationships are.
But the young 22 year old man will probably be already thinking with his dick to
date someone else.
Her parents want her safe, secure, in a stable relationship and not some young
guy still trying to ﬁgure himself out.

But people see these questions and have this skewed perception due to societal
programming and become emotional and irrational, never realising this has been
going on for centuries.
Young dating OLDER men and marrying.
You just don’t see it in then mainstream media because the mainstream media
isn’t about educating anyone but MAKING A PROFIT!
So they will sell whatever makes them more money and if that means screwing
up society for their own ends, so be it.
The big guys and girls at the top only care about…proﬁts!
They don’t give a damn who dates who, who has sex with who and who gets
married or not. They want to make MORE MONEY!
So they will promote what makes them more money and follow and still apply the
societal condition thinking to ﬁt their own emotional bias opinion.
Same with most people today instead of being rational when answering,
They compare the examples I have given here with a nice, smart, put-together,
clean-cut, employed, straight-A, responsible 22 year-old guy with a fat, ugly,
creepy, pedophile-looking, shifty-eyed, possessive, jealous, manipulating,
psychopath 45 year-old guy.
Most people are doing just that.
We know that the modern world of a typical young guy isn’t always so nice, can be
irresponsible, very emotional and can’t control emotions at best of times, lazy,
lacks direction, has little resources, and is just a normal….boring…typical….young
man…who if he opens his mouth has nothing…whatsoever to say.
Many young men I mentor and coach have no idea what they want out of life,
can’t control their emotions, overly emotional, depressed, ﬁnancially unstable,
unhappy, have no greater purpose, lack resources and lucky if they can even
aﬀord my expertise never mind getting the knowledge and experience.
That is why I write on platforms like this.
At least they can read and not hire my time, and those who do have the ﬁnancial
stability and mindset ready, they know where to ﬁnd me.
One ﬁnal time, I am talking about the typical young guy. Typical, 16 year old,
typical 22 year old. Typical.
I would be happy that my daughter is in a relationship with an older, mature,
responsible guy but I would be fucking pissed if he’s a creepy, going nowhere
older guy. Anyone would!
But what I want for a daughter is diﬀerent to what she wants and what she would
want will always…always…always…come ﬁrst.
Society can go fuck themselves. My daughter comes ﬁrst. Her happiness comes
ﬁrst, not anyone else’s. Not next door neighbour, what my friends think or
anyone else is not my concern. She comes ﬁrst.
It’s her life not mine. I would only be the guidance not some dictator telling her I
know better than her when she is over the legal consent age.
That’s called being rationale not overly emotional and ﬁlled with societal
conditioning. That’s called being responsible and loving to one’s daughter. That’s
called….when she is over the legal age, no one has a say anyway.
We can only now guide, support, give love and be there to advise if she desires to.

As a father, I’d be concerned, worried, suspicious she be dated some typical
young guy who is overly emotional, doesn’t know what he wants out of his life,
has no experience, knowledge, self awareness and lack of resources.
These days young men are not doing so good in these matters, including income,
including direction and including resources.
Most are now waiting longer to move out of mummy and daddy’s home.
I moved out when I was 16 years old and by 18 years old I was already going for my
own home, own place, own greater purpose in life.
Those days now, very diﬃcult to ﬁnd in typical young men.
It is not common in this day and age, where you ﬁnd out the guys as old as even
27 spending a lot of time playing computer games, absorbed in their own world
and using internet a lot, and going nowhere than getting out into the real world to
build a future and a life.
They are ill equipped with social skills and pumped up with anxiety.
I have for the last four weeks met some young men of 22 years old age and talking
with them, was like talking to some 16 year old.
I was like “WHAAT?! This is the future?”
Every sentence is cool, dude, what’s up and within the front of their mind it is
about party, clubs, drinking, getting pissed, drunk with their mates and who they
are going to fuck next and talk about it to their mates.
You know “got to score tonight. Yeah!”
And people wonder why young girls seek older men?
People are having a laugh.
If my daughter said “I am dating a 19 year old guy” I’ll be a bit suspsicious or I
know it ain’t going to go anywhere.
But if she said “I am dating a 30 year old,” then I’ll be happy with that. I’m not
societally conditioned and I am thinking like a rational human being.
And if any think I am bashing young men, don’t even go there. I mentor and
coach many of them. Hundreds of them. I spend much of my time with them
helping them out in their life and there are many strong, very conﬁdent,
emotionally strong, and going places in their life.
Young men I am very glad I met and I am impressed with their smartness, their
ideas, the businesses they run, the passion in which they live their lives with as
they go for their goals and greater purpose in life.
There will always be exceptions.
I am talking about two people getting the best deal out of a relationship, win win
situation.
Many older men, like myself have evolved from the societal condtioning on what
a relationship is. Therefore, a young woman dating men and in a relatinship with
me, can still have the stability, resources, the emotionally connection and
intellectual connection, and sex, AND she can go out and have fun and…have sex
with other guys. Knowing her world is safe.
And if she does ﬁnd one day someone young and she wants to date and even
marry him, so be it. I’m the modern fucking older man, who isn’t possessive and
jealous, and my eyes are on the greater purpose ahead, way before I even met the
young woman.

That is why…young women…date older men..
The world is evolving.
I travel the world, once every few months and everytime I come back, I see the
changes happening.
More young women dating older guys is happening more than ever before and it’s
going to grow more than most like to.
It’s evolution.
It’s biology.
We can discuss, we can agree or disagree.
But no matter what:
It’s happening even if they don’t like it.
You decide what you want and forget what anyone else thinks.
14k Views · View Upvoters

How do you keep trying, if no one is ever interested in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t fall in love and haven’t ever fallen in love with unavailable women except
years ago as a teen but even then I didn’t waste much time to move on.
I may have been attracted to women but found immediately it’s not going to
happen, or they are not available or ﬁnd she’s insecure, or many things to walk
away.
So to do what you want to do:
1. You approach.
2. You immediately after some playful conversation, ﬂirting you show your
intent, to ﬁnd out where they are at. If they don’t show interest or if they
are unavailable, or there no compatibility, you…don’t…don’t put any
more time which gets you to emotionally invest. Move on and don’t look
back. That’s what I do.
3. That way I now move on without emotionally getting attached by
investing time and all that. Not worth it. Move on.
So the key is to invest less.
I ﬁnd out about a woman availability fast.
In fact, I push it so fucking hard with my sexual words, on purpse o push any
woman who can’t take a man like me, who is insecure sexually, or up her ass with
preception.
I don’t care if woman don’t like and walks away. Whatever.
Yes I get all kinds bitching, complaining and up their assed. I don’t fucking care. I
found out what I need to know. They are history. Done. Moved on.
The reason I do it this way is I am a high sexual guy and so, damned if I ever
attract some uptight, social norm, traditional woman who has this idea of this
gentle, nice, polite, scared man who is apolgising for his sexuality.
When it works, the results AMAZING because they open up with me sexually,
emotionally and rationally. I don’t have no problems like so many people have
like when to kiss, when to touch, when to fuck. The women I attract are wanting

it, desiring this type of man and pussy wet as hell. We think alot, see the world in
a similar way and we left all the bullshit behhind.
It’s amazing.
Pushes all women I don’t want so fast for me to not invest with any woman who
don’t get who I am and who isn’t interested.
So decide what you want in a woman because that will determine in way you
approach as well. I can’t be assed with playing safe and dancing on eggshells. Just
not me. I am a fun, sexual, love ﬂirting and not the nonsense of prending if we are
into each other or not.
You need to learn to quickly diﬀerentiate who is interested in you and who isn’t.
Then move away from who isn’t fast and focus on who is.
Don’t fall for the halo eﬀect and admiration of who they are in profession. Focus
on you quickly screening out who is not available and not compatible with you, to
move on quick to get to who you ﬁnd attractive and who will say yes.
756 Views · View Upvoters

Should Quora ban users from using curse words in its posts?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What the fuck for?
When there’s much more important things to sort out like..
“A boy looked at me for 2.4 seconds. What does it mean?”
“The girl was walking and twirled her hair. Does it mean she likes me?”
Lots of annoying and reptitive questions. Same old shit.
:)
801 Views · View Upvoters

My ex bf abandoned me and cut oﬀ ties as soon as I got
pregnant. How can I explain to my baby when she grows up and
asks about her father?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can say what I wouldn’t do.
Talk bad about the father.
When my parents divorced as a child, that was one of the things that happened.
In doing so, what parent doesn’t realise is they are not attacking the other parent
who isn’t there but really, they are doing damage to their child.
“You’re just like your father.”
“You’re father blah blah blah.”
“He’s such a blah blah blah.”
Everytime the parent does not realise what they are really doing is breaking the
child, lowering their self esteem, creating negativity in mind of the children
because we come from the person one is talking bad about.
That means, we have their name, their blood and so if one says negativity about
the other, it means you’re talking to the child too and saying that’s who this child
is too. It makes us feel we are a mistake too. It did for me.
Hated it.

Worst fucking feeling ever and for a long time, I never forgave my mum for it or
my dad either. In time I did, but it still left something in me and betwen us, a
wall.
Be careful you don’t do that.
Let the child grow to ﬁnd for her/himself. Let the child grow just knowing the
good and what happened but in a way that is wise. The child will grow to see the
character of the other in good time.
You don’t want the child to grow and feel there is no point even bothering with
both, because there is so much that was said, so much, as I felt, that it is best to
leave them both to their hate and misery.
Just love the child, talk of the good and speak of truth without the drama, hate.
Child can know but it is way you say it without the child feeling it’s their fault,
and that you’re saying they are like that and that.
Really hurts the child when they hear such stuﬀ and hearing it constantly.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do I seem like either a sociopath or a psychopath to you?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because a sociopath or a psychopath won’t give a shit to even ask others
whether he/she is one or not.
Sociopath/psychopath won’t draw attention to oneself asking such questions but
work under radar, pretending to everyone’s, kissing their asses, to get votes, to
stir the good feeling with tons of compliments and all, like some nice sweet sage
dude/gal and draw a person in to create havoc in the person’s life when they got
them like a ﬂy in a net.
And you won’t know you’re in their web of deciet until it’s probably too late due to
one’s ego to not see it.
So they won’t ask that question because it goes against all they bullshit
themselves to believe. That they so perfect, so amazing, so whatever and
everyone else is just lesser, and just lower than them etc.
778 Views · View Upvoters

I'm nervous about talking to a girl I like. What should I do about
it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There reason why you are ok with other girls is not that you’re not attracted to
them but because of this:
1. You fear loss. Fear of rejection. Needy for validation.
You are attracted to her and so your perception of her is very diﬀerent.
You have her on a pedestal. You fear of losing her and so you try to be
careful what you say and do with her. You want to be validated, approved
and accepted so much by her.
With other girls you won’t give a shit if you never saw them again but
with her you got her on a pedestal.
2. You are runnning on scarecity mode.
If you had 5 attractive girls right now, pursuing you, who you are very
attracted to you, you won’t give a shit as I don’t if a girl walks away
because I have options. You haven’t.

And I won’t give a fuck if some girls see this as ﬂirty because I am
approaching other girls. Then they need to step the fuck up when I
approach them or shut up. You see what I am saying. You can’t live your
life seeking approval of others and fearing loss.
You’d never go far with women and you’d be like some guy who they can
easily manipulate, psychology fuck up and make him timid to make him
their bitch.
3. You have no options.
Imagine it like long distance relationship. The guy becomes so needy, so
desperate, and being safe with this one girl, and he’s so scared he will
lose this girl because he has no other girls locally he is dating, that he is
into. Therefore, he tries so much with this one girl and he fears loss. He
will never do what I do, be open sexually but play it so safe and have her
on a pedestal.
4. With Options
When you have other girls who you’re attracted to locally, your
perception is diﬀerent, your fear of loss is less. It goes down to zero when
you just ﬁnd out if she’s interested, if she isn’t, you don’t invest anymore
and move on.
In fact I advise all men never do long distance except if they got options
locally and honest with the long distance girl and she can’t go nuts
because she knows they are at other end of world and haven’t met. She
can just disappear and so can he.
Personally, as an example - I know I will never do that but I can never be
sure about other women. I can’t control that or rely on that as they
change their mood. They say they’d do something but later in week
change and so I know things can change and they’d dissappear. So you
have options locally with other girls. I am dating women locally and so, I
am not fearing loss. I am honest. I am open with all girls. If they
dissappear, no problem. I got options!
With you, man you ain’t even dating her and you’re already being safe.
You’re not even exclusive, fucked in a relationship and you’re all up in
your head worried. You need to have lots of girls you are dating right now
as none you know is yet going to be exclusive until things kick oﬀ with
one of them.
Create options and forget what any girls thinks how you approaching lots
of girls and ﬂirting. None of their damn business anyway. You just do
your own thing and be out of this scarecity mode.
So your perception is skewed with this one girl.
You are playing safe and you need to man up and be fun, playful when you meet
face to face. Remember she is doing MMA and so, you can’t be some wuss,
intimidated by girl you’re into. She’d want a guy who is conﬁdent, knows what he
wants and goes for what he wants.
You in other hand is looking for signals, hints, seeing if she’s interested.
Stop doing that. Girls know when you do that and when they know, you’re status
goes down. It shows you’re some nice guy who has no balls.
Approach, be playful, and then suggest something to go out and ask her out,
exchange numbers. You can even use facebook too with messaging not hours

chatting. Remember the goal and always move forward towards it.
You later lead to texting, lead to phone and to date.
If you drag this on and don’t approach to show you’re interested in her then she
will get bored of you. She will see you as a platonic friend because you’ll frame it
as such due to your inaction, your behaviour, your lack of knowledge and skill to
know what to do.
Your behaviour is you real status and at the moment it is lacking.
This is one girl.
ONE.
It’s not like if she said yes you will have babies, marry and get a house and walla.
Family. You’ll be dating others through time, in and out of relationships until you
grow in conﬁdence, skill, experience, knowledge for the one that you really want
to be with, if you’re monogamous.
I’m not monogamous so I date multiple women.
Why show intent fast and invest less
You need to be good at identifying girl who will say yes and move fast and this
helps you to invest less. You don’t get in trap of emotionally investing on a girl
who plays you, seeking just attention and just wants emotional support.
Some girls do that and so you need for your own sanity, own good to not wait but
be brave to ﬁnd out if she is interested as well. Don’t fall for some girl when she
has not earned to show interest, dating you, got intimate physically and sexually
when it is local.
There are plenty of girls out there and so you need to appreciate a girl can say no.
If you invest so much time looking for signals, hints, like guys who fear rejection,
creating some movie in your head and months later you approach and she says
no..the rejection will hit you hard.
You’ll be like most average guys, pining over one girl.
The key is to learn how to quickly identify who is interested in you and
move it foward by investing less. If she isn’t interested you haven’t spent
so much time and haven’t emotionally invested too much. You can move
on faster and approach others. She isn’t special and unique, until she
says yes and she invests in you, and she dates you and she gets intimate,
and she has sex, and she gets later into a relationship down the line.
As for how other girls see a guy ﬂirty because he approaches other girls, dates
girls, well sorry but then the guy who is worried about that is too worried what
others think of him and so he will always play safe in life.
These are the type of girls to not even bother with anyway if they live in some
fantasy world. Not like they don’t fucking ﬂirt with guys. They pretend they are
innocent but believe me, they got numbers on phone chatting to guys, ﬂirting
and all sorts.
You’re talking about a girl who does MMA not some girl who sits at home
fantasizing what to do with her life,
Take action man or you will demonstrate you haven’t got the qualities she looks
for in a guy.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I be unique in the ﬁtness industry?

Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Uniquiness isn’t something you ﬁnd.
You know, it’s not something you polish on a frame or bang on your resume, or
look the part kind of things. Yes, qualiﬁcation etc matter but..
Everyone else can do that and it doesn’t make you unique.
But you know what they can’t do so easily?
What you DO for your clients. The personality, the vibe they get when
learning from you.
Now I don’t mean break your back, be a push over. I don’t mean that at all. I
charge a lot of money for my expertise.
I charge more than many in the industry. So there are many who will pay me but
it isn’t just because of my experiene, or expertise and deep knowledge. Sure these
matter but I know that isn’t the magic.
It is what you DO with the clients.
It gets them keep coming back, again and again, and again.
So ask yourself..
What can you do do diﬀerent that provides greater value that others cannot copy.
They cannot copy your personality. They cannot copy how you make clients feel.
They cannot copy how you do things in your way that brings much more value to
your clients.
Take time to know your targeted ideal clients.
Observe them, see what they are struggling with and see what it is you can do
which is appealing to them, which can impact their lives and which gets them
excited to come to you because they FEEL something about you that they don’t
with others.
It’s not about lowering prices.
While many were lowering, I was increasing in the industry I am in.
So uniqueness isn’t something you ﬁnd.
It’s something you do with your clients that makes them feel they get a lot more
value from you. It can be how you inspire. It can be how you help plan better and
they see you care. It can be the way you create a positive atmosphere when they
come.
It can be how they believe you give them all undivided attention when you train
10 people at once rather them feeling you’re just there to get training done and
get paid. It can be how you get them all logged on a system where they can
monitor their program and you leave a personal message..
“You’re awesome Sharon! You did great not eating the ice cream like you did last
week. That’s an amazing achievement. See you next week!”
You see what I mean?
Sometimes we think it is the big things but really, it can be the small things that
really means a lot to your clients.
That they feel you care. They feel your positive vibe. They FEEL this is an
instructor who really does care about their well being, goals, and they get really
excited when they train with you.

So much so, they tell others about your personality, how you make them feel, the
training was so tough but they felt so good hearing you encouraging them to keep
going and how you believe in their ability to make it happen.
It is a feeling while adding value to their life in ﬁtness and general.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop being someone else?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Updated Oct 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this guy who lived in Africa and his home was close to the wild nature
of animals. One day, while driving in his Jeep he saw a Heyna.
The Hyena whimpering back and forth, seemed hungry.
The man thought of getting some food for the starving Hyena from the back of
his large Jeep but as he did, he heard this massive thundering roar.
In seconds, lion appeared and caught a Gazelle. He pounced on it and killed it.
He didn’t even bother to see the man or the Hyena. He took his ﬁll and only then
did the lion turn look at the Hyena.
The Lion took some meat from the fresh kill and left the remaining freshly
carcass behind.
The Hyena went to ﬁnish on the remains of the prey.
The man seeing this was so overwhelmed by the example he saw of abundance
that came to the Hyena. He was envious on the way the Heyan was able to get
food just like that and in a nick of time.
The man decided he wil never return home or his job and instead live and breathe
like the Hyena. After all, what a superb tactic the Hyena got. To be able to live
from the abundance of life and the universe, that when it is hungry, it gets fed.
The man decided to live from the example of the Hyena and allow life to give him
what whenever he is hungry.
The days turned to weeks and the man was struggling. He was losing weight and
was near starvation. He was becoming weak and death was soon approaching.
His faith shattered from the idea he had in following the Hyena.
How come the universe did not provide him the way it did for the Hyena
Desperate to live and desperate for an answer, an inner voice spoke.
Deep within the unconsciousness of man, his inner voice spoke to him with
wisdom advise…
“ Hey dude. Listen mate. What the hell man. Why on earth would you try to
compare yourself emulate the Hyena instead of a lion?”
With hearing his own inner voice, the man returned back home to eat his ﬁll and
to never, ever compare himself to any animal and human beings again.

You know how you believe a lie?
Hear it long enough, say it long enough it will one day seem so true to you, that
you begin to believe it and live it.
I want you to take a piece of paper and you ﬁll in the gap…
Life is about….

I am….
Money is…
People are…
Women are…
Men are….
Now ask yourself if you really feel this is what you believe.
Do you really believe life is about….?
I am….?
Money is…?
People are…?
Women are…?
Men are…?
You will ﬁnd, if you are sincere, truly honest with yourself you’ll listen to the
feeling inside you.
Do these answers you wrote really feel right to…you.
Forget everyone else.
Do they feel it’s right for you?
It’s tiring is it?
It’s emotionally draining you.
You might sometimes feel like crying or feel numb.
You’re there, sitting around people to realise if ever something happen to you,
would any of these people ever have your back?
If the woman or man you’re dating, will they really miss you if you’re gone?
Does your job really ﬁll you with satisfaction?
Or is it, you have followed the a path that isn’t even the one you wanted in the
ﬁrst place?
Whatever you feel, this is how you see the world today.
And it makes you unhappy.
You ﬁnd yourself looking in the mirror with sadness because you know this isn’t
you. This is but a social mask you are wearing.
You do things and fear saying the words to a woman, or a guy, or someone else.
You fear just letting go and do, say whatever within reason.
It is the masks you wear.
The mask that hides who you really are.
A mask when you meet relatives.
A mask when you meet friends.
A mask when you’re online writing or using other social media platform
A mask when you meet women/men
A mask to ﬁt in.

A mask to be accepted.
A social mask to be approved.
To never really be vulnerable because you fear the pain of being rejected.
The mask of fearing loss.
Fear.
The answer is that all of us live in our own seperate reality.
All of us have a perception and this perception is seen as our truth.
Our brain ﬁlters the information you see, hear, smell and touch. It creates a
picture or representation through the ﬁve senses and sends it all into our brain.
We then experience these representations, ﬁrst as thoughts and then emotions.
The information in our mind is organised, ﬁltered, some decay, some stored,
distorted and generalised in a certain way. So we will see a distorted
representation and we will then have a perception of the world that is diﬀerent to
what is really happening around us.
We think and so we are. It determines what we see.
The world is what we….think.
You want to stop being yourself?
It is simple but it is not easy.
Sow a thought..reap an action;
Sow an action…reap a habit
Sow a habit…reap a character
Sow a character… reap a destiny.
There it is.
Sow a thought. What thought you sow will determine what you see, how you
behave, what actions you do, the habit you create, the character you develop and
hence the result in your life.
But that is not enough.
You need to set goals in your life that’s about what you want and not what others
want. You need to now build from the ground up and be consistent in your eﬀort
to do so. You need to pay attention to your thoughts and feelings.
You will face what I did years ago and that is many people around you
and everywhere you go will try to tell you who you are.
They will label you with all kinds of names and personality traites.
They will tell you what is impossible, what you can’t achieve, what you is
unrealistic and on and on it goes.
I didn’t say it is easy but the rewards!
Ah the rewards is beyond what I can say and if I say them, you won’t believe
because you got to see sometimes to believe! You got to see my life to really
believe and talk to everyone around me to know the full story.
You got to experience what I did.
You got to go where I went.

You got to go through the journey of growth and battle and ﬁght two people
inside you until one is victorious.
And even if you win….the battle is never over but you’ll be stronger, wiser and
you will know how to swiftly be victorious again.
In other words..
Change the move in your mind and keep doing.
See who you are and want to really be.
Start from within your mind not out there. The movie is replaying the thoughts,
so change it and if you don’t know how to, you can learn.
The world is inﬁnite in such knowledge but you know, as well as I do, if it was
easy, everyone else will be doing it.
You have to be consistent and you have to really have the conviction and
dedictation to follow through.
Change…the movie in your mind if you’re tired of being somebody else.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is he playing with me or did I oﬀended him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Both of you are playing. You’re not innocent yourself. You said for him to grow
up. You need to as well. Both fucking with each other’s head.
You KNOW this guy is into you. You know but you like the attention. You crave for
it. Even though you’re not interested in him, you crave for the attention, teasing
each other back and forth.
Then you play some fucked up game, telling him what girls he’s into and then
want him to send photos of guys, WHEN YOU KNOW he’s attracted to you.
Of course he won’t like it. He’s..into you. He’s attracted to you. You know that. He
has pursued you. You told him you’re not interested and yet, you are still in
touch, and teasing each other?
It’s not rocket science!
He is…into you and you are not into him, but you like the attention. You keep the
door open. After all he does you keep the door open. And you know he wants
more but you won’t give more.
Therefore when you know this, why did you even start with the photo thing about
girls and guys. It ain’t going to go down too well is it? You know that so don’t be
surprised about it like you don’t know.
Drama is what it is. You want drama? You’re bored shit with your life or
something? It gives you a bit of an excitement?
No? Then…
1. Block him.
2. And move on.
Done.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I told him I'm still not ready to talk to him but he texted me
anyway. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what to do. Stop following your friends advise or that voice that tells
you to be so nice. He’s stepped over the boundaries. Now show him how
important your boundaries are.
1. Block his number
2. Block from all social media
3. Block his email
Now grab a coﬀee, smile and put your legs up.
How does it feel?
Like you’re riding Harley Davison with your hair blowing in the wind. Of course,
with Helmet on :)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend hasn't texted me the last two weeks, but he
answered my friend. We haven't gotten in a ﬁght, so I don't
know why this happened. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

School. Yes, that tells me a lot then.
The guy is young and so are you. Now that doesn’t reﬂect anything on you. Maybe
you are more mature on him. Age doesn’t really say much about maturity. Many
young are very mature.
Still, young boys I’m sorry to say, many are not mature. Much of the time, at this
age, all they think about is their dick. Their hormones are dancing around, their
aggression and sexual driving is at it’s peak. All they think is how to get a fuck.
You see him only when he wants a fuck.
There is no deep consistent communication. There is no deep intimate
connection. It is more of a guy moving from one girl, to another, ﬂirting with
another girls, get some more sex, moving to same girl and fuck. Also at this time,
majority won’t have any direction in life and any way of being a man, in which to
communicate consistently, and to communicate he’s not interested anymore.
Usually they just do not communicate and you’re left wondering what is going on.
You want the communication, the ongoing talks, the intimacy and he just
wants..Bang…Bang…Bang and bye until next time.
You probably won’t even string a one hour conversation after the infatuation is
gone, and sex is done, and so they begin to fade away, like you didn’t even exist.
Then you begin to think something is wrong with you. That you did something
wrong. That you was needy. That you was this or that. That it was due to your
depression, anxiety and so on.
Now I don’t know about both of you but I doubt very much it was what you think
it is. Thing is, it’s just at this age, you’re going to ﬁnd guys do that a lot. Same with
many girls.
It’s not about relationship and settling down.
You’re going to see how crushes goes away fast when dating. Infatuation. Boom,
fast. Then Pﬀf. It’s gone.

It’s not that he’s a bad boy. It’s not that he’s a player. No such thing. Same with
girls. It’s not they are bad girls, sluts or whores. No such thing. Those are just
pathetic labels people shout out due to ignorance.
There is only someone who has desire, needs, wants, time of growth, maturity
and so forth. No one is wrong even if a man goes and fucks 100 women or a
woman does the same.
They are following their nature. We all are but most pretend they are not. Nothing
is wrong.
For you though, see it he has moved on.
The wrong is he wasn’t clear in his communication. He just dissappeared or
didn’t communicate but also, we only know one side of the story.
If someone doesn’t even communicate with you for two weeks, and he’s suppose
to be your boyfriend, and you cannot even bring yourself to talk to him - then
why is he seen as your boyfriend in your mind?
Why do you still see him as one?
Why would you even wait around for someone who does that?
A guy who is into a girl will love communicating with her.
You only have to look and you see the man who cares will be communicating and
making time. He will spend time with you.
You’re not a priority to him and two weeks, means it’s done.
He probably likes another girl, and then he’ll like another, and then another, and
then another, and another and this…will continue. At that age, well, you’ll see
that the maturity for most guys is not there.
You can always pick up the phone and talk.
Just be ready because it is very likely he has moved on.
Don’t be hard on yourself. Nothing wrong with you. It happens. It is the natural
course of teenage years with guys and girls.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true in our life that if the things should happen, they
happen and if they should not they do not?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People are always blaming life, love, bad boys, players, assholes, jerks, women
and the lack of opportunities. They continue to blame circumstances for what
they are, what they haven’t got and what they seem to can’t get.
The people who get on this world of ours, are the people who don’t live in the
world of fairytales, myths and legends.
If they can’t get what they want then they learn from someone who can. If they
fail a lot then they get smart to ﬁnd someone who has succeeded in what they
keep failing at and learn from them.
If they look for the circumstances and can’t ﬁnd them, they go and create the
circumstances.
Have a healthy attitude and focus more on reality than fate, destiny mindset. If
you can’t get what you want then either ﬁnd out why it’s not working or ﬁnd
someone who knows and learn from them.

I found this to be one of the powerful tools in life.
Mentorship from people who are where you desire to be. They’ve already done it.
They have made the mistakes. They’ve learnt from them and they’ve also learnt
so much from other people and their own experiences.
Sometimes I ﬁnd people are limited in how they see things.
The same mind, with same thinking, can’t help the person. They need a diﬀerent
kind of knowledge, new insights and when you get that then your whole thinking
changes. Your approach will probably change too.
So I have failed in many things but my purpose in life has always been the same.
What I did is even though one way didn’t work, I’d ﬁnd another way that did. I’d
ﬁnd the knowledge, I’d seek it wherever it is.
The greater purpose, the vision is the same.
But I am ﬂexible to change the strategy/plans.
If I can’t get to where I am going one way, I’ll ﬁnd another way. It may mean I
have to go round a lot more rocks. It may mean I have to climb higher and with
better skills and tools.
It may mean I need to be humble enough and respect someone else’s expertise,
pay them for it to get what I need to move forward.
It may mean I need to get my goals to work by reﬁning my successful plan, by
letting go, getting rid of what I don’t want to make room for what I do want in my
life.
Sometimes we need to get out of the way of success and let success happen
instead of self sabotaging it with our thinking and poor habits.
523 Views · View Upvoters

I have a wonderful girlfriend, yet I have lust for other girls. Why
is that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you go into your brain, there is a switch and it has a big massive label on it. It
will say “switch it oﬀ.”
Can’t ﬁnd it?
Yes, because it doesn’t exist.
What you are feeling is the most natural feeling in world mate.
It’s what you do with what you feel that really is a kicker. What matters is how
strong is your integrity, character and maturity.
How strong can you control your ego, your dick when it comes to such situations.
Can you be trusted?
You can feel whatever you want to feel. Nothing wrong with that.
But then it is a matter of what you’re going to do about it now?
You can still be with someone you are attracted to. You can still be with someone
you love dearly and be attracted to other women too.
We don’t have some chip in our brain or a switch that automatically follows some
set programs like a mechanical half cyborg and run like machines.
So it’s natural for you to feel this way.

There’s….nothing wrong with you.
It’s natural for your dick to go hard. It’s natural for your heart to go nuts
sometimes and natural to wonder what it be like for her to ride you all night long
and more. It’s natural to lick your lips and to feel the sensation all over your body.
But just because it is natural, doesn’t mean you don’t have a choice either.
That’s where you know who you are for real.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are the life lessons you have learned from the movies?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the movies is called the Life Of Pi, released on December 20, 2012 is and I
relate to it because if ever there was an image of me, and the meaning of my life to
the lessons that came…it’d be this image right here…

When I saw the movie, it had a startling similarity to my life. When it ﬁnished the
women I am dating looked to me and realised suddenly who they were dating,
and it felt really good.
More on that later…
About the movie…
After deciding to sell their zoo in India and move to Canada, Santosh and
Gita Patel board a freighter with their sons and a few remaining animals.
Tragedy strikes when a terrible storm sinks the ship, leaving the Patels'
teenage son, Pi (Suraj Sharma), as the only human survivor.
However, Pi is not alone; a fearsome Bengal tiger has also found refuge
aboard the lifeboat. As days turn into weeks and weeks drag into months,
Pi and the tiger must learn to trust each other if both are to survive.
Though I didn’t have a Tiger and I saw it as a symbolism of the courage to survive,
I saw life of Pi movie like I was watching my own life on replay but in a diﬀerent
way.
He was on a ship. I was on a Plane.
The ship crashed. My world crashed when I came to England to having to
rebuild it all over again as a teenager.
And I felt the same as Pi did and it’s why I never shared my experiences
face to face with people, until I knew them for years..
I shared the story to my lovers only years later after knowing me which was hard
for them to believe. I don’t blame them. It is still diﬃcult for me to believe I
survived and still alive and achieving much in my life.
Which brings me to the life lesson I learnt from the movie..
When the writer interviewing Pi Patel in the movie, Patel was asked..
Writer: So your story does have a happy ending.
Pi Patel: Well, that's up to you. The story's yours now.
In that moment, in hearing his words, it in a sense gave me an amazing profound
wisdom to carry with me for always.
That it is really up to me how I want my life to be.

When I share I don’t care if anyone believes or not because I haven’t got control of
that and never will have. People come with their perception.
I have lived my story and continue to do so. Whether people believe or not,
embrace, change their lives or not.
It is really up to them.
It is their story now.
I am moving on to the next chapter of my life.
If you look at the illustration of my book below as the beginning of a series I’ve
been working on for over 20+ years, you see it is similar. This is the cover that was
done years before I watched the Life Of Pi movie.

Remarkable isn’t it?
So similar.
His was a boat and a tiger. Mine is the plane and the ocean. It is the beginning
before ﬂying cross the ocean to meet such world and what follows.
The Life of Pi resonated with me deeply.
So I do not write for people to believe, accept, approve or to ﬁt in. I write to
express what I have lived and learnt.
I share my story.
What people do then is up to them.
They can make a happy ending or they don’t.
It is their story now.
I have already moved on to live the next part of my story.
I aim to make a happy ending or as close to what I envisioned in my mind as a
young boy, as close as possible.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why are "bad boys" so attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s a good girl? There is none.
What’s a bad girl? There is none.
If the so called “good girl” got her shit together, how come she didn’t ﬁgure this
out?
This right here…..
The context of a bad girl is a lot of women and men falling for invention of shame
regarding sex, invention of modesty, the many stories from religion, the many
paid artists with ﬁg leaf pictur of Adam and Eve and the story of how they are
naked now…so ashamed blah blah blah.
It’s called being societally conditioning
The reason why girls go for bad boys is not a mystery,.
It’s very simple really.

There are Weak men and Strong men.
But strong doesn’t mean aggressive, chest beating and shouting, throwing
barbels and weights on the ﬂoor.
The most slut shaming come from women who try get women to fear getting the
men, and men slut shaming because they cannot get the girls. They slut shame
women and men - calling them sluts, whores, too easy, player, bad boy.
These labels are…societally conditioned in people as they grow older believing
such fallacies because they don’t want to take responsibility for their own
sexuality and failures.
The blame game. Victim mentality. Low self esteem.
Reason I use that label “bad boy and player” is I’m taking the mick out of societal
conditioning. It’s me putting a middle ﬁnger at social conditioning.
It is when you think people are suppose to be smart and educated and can’t see
they got hoodwinked by the system from when we were babies, about good girl,
bad girl, bad boys and good boys?
Do we even hear and see the bad boy bitching about good guys, nice guys,
life and women?
Who does that?
The so called good boys and good girls?
So where then is their so called grateful attitude and all that they suppose to have
learnt from the education system?
Hasn’t done much good has it when it didn’t teach about how there is no such
thing as bad boy, bad girl, good boy and bad boy, except what has been promoted
in romance novels, hollywood movies, and decades of social condiitoning.
Take a look at cinderalla.
Beauty and the beast. Sleeping beauty. The good girl, who who waits always for
some white knight to come and save her.
Take a look at the weak men. Intimidated by women, cannot even approach,
fearing rejection, insecure about their looks, ass, chest, height and so on. Always
talk about how they got a job, money, looks, qualiﬁcations but cannot attract a
girl!
If a woman and man talk like this, what does it say?
It says they have no clue about how attraction works, lack of knowledge about
communication, lack of understanding regarding whoever they want to attract
but they’d learn everything what a company wants, what a company desires, and
go oﬀ doing degrees, learning interview techiques, pimping their CV’s with the
emotional and rational languge of what the companies look for.
You say bad boy is not discipline.
He has mastered the emotional and ratonal language of women.
He has disciplined himself to know what turns her on. He has invested and failed
many a times to ﬁgure it out. He has pushed beyond medicority and his own
fears. He has gone against the social norms, traditions, religions and fairy tales.
He has understood her needs, wants, desires to talk in a manner that she desires
and wants.
And he has no time for some girl who thinks bad boy is just about a girls fantasy.
Such girls have no clue and probably sitting at home givin advise here and has

never lived to even do what she desires but has all the words and ideas, probably
from guys like ourselves, “the bad boys” and writing quotes and bullet point
answers on courage when she has no idea what courage is.
How come the “bad boy” attracts women even when he has no money and job?
I mean, if the “bad boy” was so bad, has no skills, shouts, cockblocks, has no
social skills, no communication skills WHICH all the Nice Guys and Good Girls
keep saying….. then the options out there of “good” should be so appealing.
The option out there, if the bad boy is shit at what he does, is annoying, a jerk, an
asshole, all what most say will make what’s out there so attractive that the bad
boy has no chance in hell ever attracting a girl and women.
If it is so good, if what is out there is so amazing, so right, well then, shouldn’t
girls/women be ﬂocking to the good men and women?
They are being dumped by millions of women and men to go with lovers, the bad
boy and so there must be a reason.
Here’s why…
So she is waiting for this courageous, good knight she has been reading about,
watching, listening since she was a little girl. The knight who is brave, who ﬁghts
dragons, lions, and all sorts.
The knight who is knowledgeable, strong, and who knows the ways of the world.
The knight who can make her feel safe, secure, open to be whatever she desires to
be and what she is SO AFRAID of being because she has been hammered by
mummy, daddy, brother, sister, friend, education, religion, culture, traditions
that playing with her pussy, being with a guy, owning her sexuality is what bad…
bad…bad girl.
She is waitin and waiting….giving signals…hints…to the Knight. The man who
has massive balls.
Sounds familiar?
He sees her and immediately approaches. I seriously mean, immediately and he
is so direct in his desires that if she is a insecure, ﬁlled up with indoctrines, still
hasn’t grown out of her living room and laptop, still worried what mummy,
daddy, society will say, she will hide under her bed with her masturabting sex
toys she hides from everyone.
He says what he wants.
He has certainty.
He is clear who wants. He says it.
He has discipline in social skills, communication skills, can arouse, can
commnicate for years while the “good boy” has no clarity. The good guy can’t
even string a whole sentence before he feels stuck because he has her up on a
pedestal.
The bad boy (the knight) can walk away from a woman if she unwilling to show
her interest. If she says no. He doesn’t pine over her and if she sends him a
message after she didn’t show interest, he will shut her down hard and tell her to
stay where she is. He’s now not interested.
She can’t play and use all those dumb tricks on him and use him for emotional
support and nor is she entitled for anything.
The good guy….

He’s always, always bitching about the bad boy, the lovers. He’s always saying the
same old thing - that bad boys have no skills, they are UGLY, they are rubbish at
social skills instead of focusing in getting better at what he needs to get good at.
All these thoughts in his head makes him bitter.
He has so much anxiety you won’t believe!
He cares about what others thinks of him and does everything for approval. He’s
so worried about ONE girl that might walk away and lacks the abundamce
mindset.
He cannot discipline himself to approach women, fears rejection like it is the
plague, bores the shit out of women about his income, job, small talk, lacks
commnication skills AND no lies that he likes her for her personality due to
seeing her from 10 yards! No conﬁdence. Low self esteem.
He is so insecure, he’s always asking if his body is alright, if she still likes him, if
she still wants him and pines over and over again about that one girl.
If ever he approached, it be some cowards way of love secret letters, handing her
notes and run with his tail between his legs. Of waits for months on end, being
her friend and hope when he asks her she says yes.
What do most “good women” do today?
Hints. Signals. Waiting. Waiting but for what?
What do the guy who gets the girl do?
Approaches the woman.
That’s what she waits for. Courage. Man who believes in himself.
Hang on a minute!
Doesn’t the knight in the stories, the little books all the girls reads about…a….guy
who approaches women? The guy who takes action? Who is direct? Tells the girl
he desires her? Tells a girl what he’d do if he has his hands on her and when they
are alone together?
The same guy who is truthful with his desires and lets her know in detail, without
fear of losing her?
You’re seeing how girls know how to select the guy?
The 4 Musketeers!
Remember them. I can use many modern persona’s but let’s use them for fun. I
used to watch these guys when I was a kid before I got into the Marvel stuﬀ.
They are fun, dangerous, going to battle against the…STATUS QUO!
They don’t wait.
They go against the army of the king, and anyone else. They go against…society!
They ﬁght against the status quo who bitch, complain and judge about these 4
brave men who live by their own rules!
Bad, bad, bad boys!
They come to save the day. They sweep women oﬀ their feet with fun, bravery,
courage and they can teach about love more than most ever could.
While the “good girl” who will always pretend, always cry, always wish she could
be free from the shackes of social norms, traditions and well, gives advise about
freedom and be yourself. The irony.

Probably can list all the amazing sage advice on how to change your life but stuck
in some bubble no one can see behind her laptop screen.
The women choose the “bad boys” because…..they got MASSIVE BALLS and
make knights of medicority look like a bunch of wussies.
Are we connecting the dots yet?
Whoever puts the labels and calls anyone bad boy, bad girl, slut, whore, too easy
are the status quo. The status quo who bully, judge, ostracise others and think
they are better than others.
The same people who didn’t like the status quo when they were young, wild and
free, and hated it all.
But now…they are the status quo.
They are the ones who are part of the hate, part of the judging, part of the
ignorance, part of creating making others feel insecure about their looks, about
who they date, about all kinds of things.
The very thing they hated and said they’d never become…they became!
Remember the day you said you’d never turn out like mummy, daddy, or whoever
you saw as the status quo.
But what happened?
By the time one gets to 25, had their fun, or by the time they got to this and
realised what they know cannot help them to attract, date, have sex, be in
relationship…. they began to slowly became what they hated, what the despised,
what they were frustrated with, what they said they’d never become.
They became the status quo and doing what they hated, got hurt with to their
own children, own friends, own people around them and in their own world they
so wanted to change and challenge the status quo.
Instead they now became the fuel for the engine, the system, the status quo..
“You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be
unplugged. And many of them are so injured, so hopelessly dependent on the
system, that they will ﬁght to protect it…..” Matrix.
I say what so many afraid to say.
I say it as it is. I’m the bad boy. The player. I’m unplugged from all this. I see life
for what it is, the world for what it is, how it was socially constructed but I’d never
label anyone and say they are..NOT GOOD ENOUGH to be loved.
No matter what.
But the status quo loves to divide because the status quo loves to feel better than
they are better than the bad boy and bad girl.
The status quo are so insecure they cannot even take responsibility for their own
sexuality, their leadership, their own results and blame why they can’t and what
they have become, on the bad boy and bad girl.
The bad boys are human and they fear as well but in that fear they ﬁnd who they
are by going against the status quo.
I ask many women what they are and always, they tell me there are two inside of
them. Always living in fear and always stuck and wish they were unstuck but it is
the same women who then call guys bad boys. They admire but they judge at the
same time and become part of the status quo.

Bad boys….are not afraid to say who he is but he knows, the status quo are
terriﬁed. Oh he knows they got two people inside of them.
The one who so want to be like the bad boy and enjoy all the sexy pleasures, all
the amazing adventures, all these forbidden fruits BUT can’t..won’t…ooooh
shouldnt.
They are the ones who make the world go round buying all that shit, trend
clothes, cars, houses, brand logo stuﬀ. Without them the corporations, the brand,
the commericials would have stopped.
They complain and bitch but they keep on buying.
They made 50 shades of grew sell millions and made it a best seller.
That book. That book full of abuse of some rich, good look dude and then
everyone thinks that’s a bad boy. That is not a bad boy. That’s not a lover. That is
abuse and has nothing to do with being a bad boy lover.
So here is the good girl wanting it all but can’t.
What will mummy say, daddy say, friend say, co-workers say?
The “Bad boy” doesn’t worry about that.
Now when you look at it this way, and we ask ourselves..
“Who would we trust?”
Someone who is afraid of society and who lies about their sexuality, who tells
women he NEVER desires them, NEVER sees their beauty when walking the
street, NEVER thinks about wanting to hold, kiss, be intimate, sex…
OR someone who knows the price of being true, direct about who he is, what he
desires but says it anyway, approaches the woman and says he desires her, he
wants her, he wants to know her, fuck her, be part of her life and he cannot
promise what will happen next because no one can, no one.
Who do you think the girls will believe in then most and admire?
The so called bad boy, player, guys …don’t need to lie.
They don’t need to pretend.
Everyone around them are pretending.
Everyone around them are wearing the social mask. Everyone around them are
manipulating each other because they got a lot to lose. Everyone around the bad
boy is trying to bring each other down.
Bad boy has nothing to lose. He has options anyway because he doesn’t fear being
direct and what others say about him.
Women come to them because what other options are out there anyway?
Let’s see these options that’s out there:
1. Good girl waits
2. Good girl sends signals
3. Good boy fears rejections
4. Good girls sends more signals
5. Good girl gets frustrated.
6. Good girl can’t understand why the Good boy won’t come like a white
night and sweep her oﬀ her feet!

7. Good boy pretends he is a friend
8. Good boy hides his intention
9. Good boy lies on how he doesn’t want to fuck her brains out but he’s
such a nice boy who only saw her personality. Never her ass and tits.
10. Good girl believes the bullshit that he has a devise which detects a girls
personality from 100 yards and girl believes she has one too.
11. Good girl dates him but then after he got sex, she cries on why when this
is love, he dumps her and leaves her?
12. Good girl meets bad boy, he is direct. OOoh he wants sex. Ooh he’s to
fun, OOh fantasy.
13. Good girl says no but dates other good boys, gets bored, goes back to bad
boy and says YES FOR THE LOVE OF GOD YES! The options out here are
just terrifying.
Now let’s again..
1. Bad girl smiles
2. Bad girl says hello
3. Bad boy approaches and is direct
4. Bad boy says he cannot promise forever, he is who he is. He likes women,
likes fun and if she is like him, great, if not, he walks away.
5. Bad girl say yes! She desires him too
6. Bad boy ﬂirts
7. Bad boy gets her number
8. Bad boy dates
9. Bad boy fucks
10. Bad boy in relationship ( 16 years with the same women)
11. Or if ever bad boy leaves she is never going to say, “why, why.” She knew
the truth of him from day one.
Sorry to burst some people’s bubble but too many watch too much Hollywood
movies regarding bad boys.
Bad boy doesn’t end up sad and alone.
Bad boy ends up as an entrepreneur and a strong relationship with multiple
women because social norms and traditions failed these women and will always
fail them.
Women, from young age will go with bad boy but when their biological clock
starts ticking….will look for a diﬀerent value such as stability value because she’s
had her fun, and then talks about how bad boys just want fun, not disciplined,
not this, not that.
And some will go back to the bad boy when they taste the options with “good
boy” isn’t so good. It’s ﬁlled with lies and bullshit. The good boy is a manipulator,
an abuser, a liar and a cheat.
With the bad boy she knows where she stands but the good boy, she can never,
ever, ever be certain.
Strong men who are direct and who approach with conﬁdence will always have
more options and they will be judged by it, hated for it because you can’t control,
manipulate a strong man with pussy.

Has nothing to do with bad boy or bad girl, or good and nice guy.
Time people start educating their children on the real world or they will repeat
the same myths and fallacies.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I take action on my goals and sustain the action?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Do not sacriﬁce the future to satisfy the Present.”
I would like to be brief with this but I can’t because its a subject close to my heart.
It need structured details that can allow you to plan better with examples which I
will add as images here.
The Root Of The Inaction
It is your unconscious belief system which you need to be very wary of. When you
do not put eﬀort in the law of action then you are self sabotaging because you fear
success, that you feel unworthy of it and you are probably doing a lot of what you
are doing for external self gratiﬁcation.
In other words, there is some insecurities which is about attaching your self
worth on external objects such as:
Validation from others. Doing things to get a response from others to feel
good about yourself.
Approval. Doing things to look good or seen to be busy so you are
approved by your social peers.
Acceptance. Doing things to be accepted by your social peers.
This is a social condition in which you are doing things on autopilot to feed your
ego instead of truly ensuring you do things for the right reasons. Many write,
many advise and many have not lived what they say.
Many do for the sake of ego but if you look into their life you will ﬁnd much is not
applicable in their life. You will see they haven’t applied what they say. They
waste their time doing things to look important and to feel good.
Be careful of your ego. It is fear based.
You and you alone know truth of where you are in life.
If you need help on self image then below is a detailed answer for you to read but
do stay away doig things to look good, to feed your ego, to do for nothing but to be
accepted. Remove the social mask…..
Adam Taha's answer to How do you improve your self image?
The Law Of Action
In all the things most fail in is they haste in their life without building their own
system and think an artist, an ideas person, a pioneer, or someone who desires to
achieve whatever they want must suﬀer, endure, be poor, starve like an artist, be
busy, tire oneself when really they need to have a system in place.
The law of action is about how you conduct yourself, your thoughts, emotions,
habits, the method of your operation as well as…knowing how to put it together
as a well oiled systematic organised machine.
Systems ae not just for business but for anyone who wish to achieve success in
their life and whatever they are doing. I have a system in place. It’s why I can
achieve my goals, lifestyle and travel the world.

It is the operating process which your thoughts and feelings become one to
achieve the things in your life and experience whatever you desire in your life.
1. It Must Be The Work Right For You
It cannot be work where you’re trying to satisfy someone else’s
expectations,. So if you’re studying or in a job, make it so that you are
studying what you’re passionate about orin a job you love doing. Make
the work right for you.
There is also another part to this. If you are studying that you must for
your future and it’s not exciting, or you’re in a job which you feel at
present time not really what you want then change your attitude.
Develop a positibe wholesome attitude towards the work you are doing
right now. You might not care for the studying or work, you might not
care for people around you, you might not care for a lot of things - but - at
this present time you are in that moment and environment.
Change your attitude because we all start somewhere. Sometimes you
might not start at the top but work your way up and to reach to the place
you desire you need to do work you sometimes do not care about but it’s
work and so have a healthy positive attitude to it.
2. Evaluate Where You Are Now
Don’t beat yourself up. It’s ok to start all over again. This time, look at
where you are and now picture why you want to achieve your goals.
What is the reason why. Make it clear in your mind. Get some images,
bang them on a board and ﬁll that board up to show why. Always know
why you are doing these goals and where it will lead crystal clear.
a. What will your life become when you achieve your goal?
b. How will it change your circumstances ﬁnancially, health wise,
lifestyle wise and more.? See it. Imagine it. Make it crystal clear.
c. Sort your environment out. Have everything in it’s place. If you’re an
artist then have a corner with all things ready. If you’re a writer, have
all tools ready. Make your environment workable, inspiring, get
things in order so when you need to do the work all the things you
need is there and ready.
3. Create Your Own Blue Print For Productivity
In anything, whether you are building a house, writing a successful
novel, a skyscraper, a car, whatever, it needs a Blue Print that helps you
to monitor your productivity.
You need to plan this all out in front of you like a blue print. From the
begining and right to how it will look like when it’s completed.
a. If your plan sucks for you, change it. You know your reason why, you
know where you’re going, it’s clear but maybe you need to change
your plan to get there. If it doesn’t work, change it. Don’t keep
working on a plan that doesn’t work for you.
b. If the new plan isn’t working either, change it. Until you ﬁgure it out.
Or ﬁnd someone of expertise to see your blind spots and help you
with your goals and plan to get to achieve your vision in life.
c. If your plan works, then pile on more towards it. Put more eﬀort,
focus and do not be distracted by the world. If it works then you can
now hammer it, put the pedal to the metal and get to work. You will
ﬁnd the passion coming from it and you will feel excited due to
knowing you have now got it right to charge forward.

d. When you’re committment is full force on the plan that is now
working for you, you will get to where you want to go faster. Listen,
the night clubs, the women, the sex, the fun will always be there but
your time is ﬂeeting. Do not lose focus. The world will always scream
at you for your attention whether it is someone needing help, whether
it is friends and all kinds of things but you need to understand
something right here and now….your time..is ﬂeeting.
You can always sign post your friends or whoever to where the
knowledge, information and resources are if they so want help but
your life right now, is ﬂeeting. You can give more, do more when you
have achieved a level of success. Choose your friends wisely. Choose
who to help wisely and choose who to give knowledge wisely. You’re
life on this planet is ﬂeeting. It’s moving fast. Do not sacriﬁce the
future for the present!
4. How To Make Your Successful Plan
People knew I am an artist but for many who didn’t know me, they were
puzzled when they looked over to see what I am writing in my journal
diary. It seemed like an accountant doing his work. They thought I was a
profesional accountant.
They didn’t know this was my Daily Planner but they also don’t know
that I just didn’t go oﬀ achieving. I had a plan. A blueprint if you will that
helped me to stay on track.
It’s called a Successful Plan Of Statement
a. Buy or Create Your Own Planner. Here is an example of one of my
successful plan of statement you can copy. I look at this everyday and
I don’t and it helps me to stay on track.

Let’s go through your successful planner:
a. Live and breathe by your Daily Successful Statement Planner. Look at
it everyday. Moment you get up check it and head down to get to
work. Ensure you got all tools and material ready.
b. Your Successful Planner shows you the journey of your actions. It
shows your behaviour. It shows you the truth. You can lie to everyone
else but your daily planner is going to show you the truth.
The amazing thing I found is when I achieve one goal, small or big, it
energises me, it fuels me, it pumps chemicals inside me and shapes a
habit that propels me forward into the future.
c. Write down your why you do all this
d. Write down your goals
e. Put target dates
f. Write out your own brief with how you intend to achieve the ﬁrst goal
and others.
g. Study your successful statement planner, memorize it and keep it in
one place. Don’t take it out of your home and misplace it.
h. Start immediately with the most important tasks ﬁrst. Do not skip to
something else until the task has been done.
i. Proceed downwards to the less important tasks to achieve your goal

j. Develop a Time Table showing all the actions you are going to
perform and the dates they must be done.
k. Plan….all..actions that you must perform for each day.
The Mindset To Achieving Your Goals
You have to detach from external objects. Instead of doing thing to seek the
approval, validation and acceptance of others, you do it because you know what
you want and the vision you want for your life.
Then you just go and get the job done.
Once you are crystal clear on what you want your life to look like and why, and
you see the vision clearly then you can create the long big goals.
You can break anything down into daily, weekly, monthly daily goals to lead you
to big massive goals.
1. Set just one goal for one year.
Write this big goal down and have it everywhere. You get up, you see it.
You go to living room, you see it. You go to the bathroom, you see it when
brushing your teeth. You see it on the door and on your refridgerator.
The amount of time people came to my home and one day I’d visit them
to see them copy what I did on my home, is a proof that people want to
achieve, want to get to where they want to go but don’t know how to get
there.
Read it over and over again.
2. Prioritise Your Goals In the Order Of ImPortance
Know what you goal is and know why. Write down each goal and
everything that must be done. Be very speciﬁc and detailed but brief.
List all the things that has to be done but in the order that is most
imporant. Put a date for each tasks, when it must start and when you
need to complete it.
3. Break The One Big Goal into Weekly/Monthly Goals
Make a list of things that you must do to achieve the full year goal.
Arrange them in order of importance, with date of completion. Make
sure you got all then monthly goals down to make it into twelve months
of the year. Let it be all in front of you to see clearly.
4. Determine what you must do to achieve each monthly goal.
Fous ﬁrst on the ﬁrst month goals. Organise everything, your time, your
eﬀorts, your resources and all that is necessary to achieve your ﬁrst
monthly goal, with dates to complete and the priority order.
5. Set Weekly Goals and follow the same process above
6. Set the daily goals and follow the same process above.
7. Monitor and create a record of your achievements.
When you have achieved a task and a goal, cross it oﬀ. Stay focused in
trying to complete the tasks you need to achieve the goal. When you
cross them out you will grow in conﬁdence, self image will rise sky high
but keep your feet on solid ground. If you don’t complete, don’t beat
yourself up. Carry the tasks to the next day and stay focused.
8. Learn From Your Past Mistakes And…
Do not let these mistakes discourag you. You will learn from them and
they come with much insights and wisdom. See what is going wrong and
create a plan to improve yourself. There’s nothing wrong with asking
help. Find out what you need to improve and apply it immediately.

9. Avoid Wasting Your Time On Worry
Nothing will change if you sit and worry and procrastinate. Time cannot
be stopped. It is ﬂeeting. The main challenges or obstacle for you will be
organising your time to be well spent.
Ask “is this time I am spending helping me to achieve my one year goal?”
I don’t mean you can’t rest, be with family and friends but do ensure you
organise your time so you don’t rush to complete your tasks. You don’t
put pressure due to procrastination.
10. Repeat The above process, day in and out.
It’s about being committed to the vision you want to create. One year is
not a lot. It will go fast. Two years may seem a lot too or three but you
will ﬁnd time is ﬂeeting. Any who makes excuses on time, that it is so
long or distance, will ﬁnd that those years will pass you by anyway. How
committed are you to whatever you desire and want to happen is the
question? Repeat the process and constantly revise weekly/monthly. Let
the world shout. You have a goal to achieve.
Handling Obstacles - Tink Like A Commander In Chief
Think way ahead of the obstacles and ﬁgure out how would you solve them.
Knowing far ahead and mapping it out with the expertise and resources you can
later access can help you to resolve the situation quicker.
Maybe a situation in which you feel a lack of motivation.
Ask yourself what will help to remove these obstacles?
Maybe a mentor to be accountable.
Maybe it is your lover who can help you be accountable or a friend.
Maybe you have other friends who need help with goals and together you
can encourage other using the tools we now have for communication or
face to face.
Whatever situation you may feel you’ll face in the future, write it down and write
down then solution. Talk to others and ﬁnd out what situations they faced and
this will give you more information from other people’s experience.
If you don’t know the solution for it…ﬁnd someone who knows and is where they
are already where you want to be.
They have already made the mistakes and will gain a lot more insights,
experiences and can reveal even your blind sports.
We have come full circle…
“Do not sacriﬁce the future to satisfy the Present.”
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Girl I'm seeing doesn't want to be in a relationship because she
may not be in the country in a couple of years, should I keep
chasing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girls say a lot of things but if he was someone she’s really attracted to, logistics,
distance, busy means sod all and she’d go for him.
Girls will reject some guys but some will do it in away to avoid conﬂict and
awkwardiness like this..

1. I’m not really looking for a relationship because blah blah blah blah
2. I’m too busy to date
3. I’m not looking to date anyone at moment
4. I don’t know
5. The cat said no ;)
All these tells you one thing.
That she has shown intent and so, you move on.
Man of self worth doesn’t chase woman especially someone giving reasons like
that or any reason for that matter.
If a girl is into a guy, believe me, she’ll fucking do all her best to be with him, no
matter how far she is, and drop her pants and ride his dick all night night, and
make love to him in a way he will be so deep into her.
If it was someone else, she is into, she won’t ever say that shit to him and if she
does, and desires him, she is oﬀ her rocker, and needs therapy. Girls by the way I
hope I never meet and do not want to be part of in my life.
I like girls who have certainty.
Who know what they want.
Go for what they want.
Give it all to show the man they desire him.
You don’t need to chase a girl who is into you and desire you.
There is pursuing and chasing. You pursued, gave her the chance and her answer
was not good enough. And so I won’t even think twice about it.
I’d have moved on.
Second, I’d also respect her decison. I’ll know as a man of experience that most
girls/women will say these things due to past experiences with guys, who when
they said no to them, they acted like jackasses, calling the girls/women sluts,
whores and so on. Imagine this then happening to girl a lot.
It gets emotionally draining and it hurts.
So what the girls do if they want to say no, most of the time, is they don’t directly
say no. Instead they’d give the reasons she gave to you. That way she can avoid
the awkwardiness and conﬂict.
Also, if the guy didn’t show conﬁdence in the ﬁrst place, was behaving all
platonic, like a friend then that too can play a part in which a girl is not excited
about him in a sexual way. She just sees him as a friend and gives those reasons so
she can still be friends with him to receive all the free resources from him like his
time and emotional support.
Something what most call the friendzone.
But it is he who zones himself by being with her because she says no in essence to
date and have sex with him - and - hopes if he orbits around her it..might..just…
happen.
All he has to do is leave. Move on. Zone is gone but he doesn’t and thinks with his
dick to rationalise on how he so there to help her. That her boyfriend is a bad man
and he is the knight or some other kind of crap he tries to make himself believe
in.

Chasing is neediness, desperation and shows you have no options.
Let her go and approach someone else.
A girl who is really attracted to you would have dated you, got to know you, rode
your dick, blow job, in every damn position, experienced those two years with
you and then left.
And if anything of intimacy that is deep and connected is there, then she’d ﬁnd a
way for you both to stay touch with understanding of whatever you come to an
agreement. They help to make it easier not harder.
Move on.
622 Views · View Upvoters

Could a man really be faithful, to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men and Women can be faithful, we all have that ability. That is not an issue
regarding just you but it can also be someone else’s self steem issues, character
wise and morals.
One thing can really damage a relationship is one’s own perception own past
experiences, own insecurities, jealousy, possessiveness, lack of social skills, lack
of communication skills, lack of seduction skills, compatibility issues.
But even with compatibility one’s own insecurities can push a man desires her far
away.
Just asking this question reveals the mindset and where such a thought comes
from. It reveals some issues why you’d even ask this question.
Maybe you had negative experiences in the past.
Maybe someone said they’d be faithful and didn’t
Maybe none of these and it’s a perception of oneself.
First be faithful to yourself, love yourself because if you don’t believe you’re own
self worth then why would someone else?
Focus on ﬁrst building yourself up. Take time to invest in yourself, gain skills in
relationships and seduction as it will help the relationship you are in.
Love is never enough. It needs help.
846 Views · View Upvoters

Why can't my boyfriend see my good side?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you will meet people who have lots of insecurities and feels intimidated
by another woman’s success rather than being proud of her achievements.
It is easy to feel that the problem, the fault is you but really, the people you meet
in your life, those also close to you and those you meet and don’t know will bring
a lot of experiences, insecurities, baggages, fears and all this accumulates
towards their own perception they project on you.
So he is projecting his own insecurities
He is projecting his own low self esteem
He is projecting his own lack of conﬁdence

He is projecting his own fears
He is project the doubts about himself
The fear that if he can knock you do as much as he can, he will feel no one else
will want you. That you will one day believe you cannot make it without him.
It is called….abuse.
He’s being abusive to you. Slowly but surely, piece by piece, breaking you down,
thought by thought, one brick at a time until you believe it is your fault and that
without him you can never achieve a thing.
I for one, want my lover to spread her wings and never fear to ﬂy as far as she
desires. I want her to raise her head so high without any fear that I am
intimidated by her own amazing success.
I want her to know I am proud of her.
I want her to know that she inspires me.
I want her to know that she amazes me.
I want her to know that she has achieved so much
I want her to know she will achieve much more
I want her to know that she never fears to go for all her goals, dreams and
that no matter what, I will be the best cheerleader for her.
I want her to know, I love her for her goals, dreams, passion, what she has
achieved and even her ﬂaws as she does so with me.
He could be a…
A social Psychopath
He has no empathy
He feels no empathy
He wants control
He feeds on making you small
He shows no love for you. He shows not an ounce of intimacy. He doesn’t care
and he breaks you down, slowly and he will confuse you because he be nice one
day and then again….he does the same routine, over and over again.
You cannot change him.
You cannot ﬁx him.
But you can say..
“Enough is enough. I know my self worth. This is not how you treat someone you
love. I am done with him. Done.”
Communicate if you can with him what the boundaries are and if he doesn’t
shape up then he can get the fuck out of your life.
979 Views · View Upvoters

What do guys think about intelligent girls?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think of this..
1. That for her to be smart, didn’t just happen. That she spent time on
learning, growing and prioritised her life in those areas. That’s a thinking

I admire.
2. That she is curious about many things in life and desires answers. That
she is smart enough to know, you can have the look as well as the brains,
or the sexual appeal as well as the brains. That’s a girl I can have an
amazing discussion with we both can learn from each other.
3. That if ever children or we adopt happens, I know, our children will grow
up to have a mother who can enrich their minds, inspire them, and
becomes an example in which they will believe anything is possible, that
knowledge is the key expanding one’s mind and being always curious
will humble them to see the beauty of life even in hard times.
4. That with her, she will be challenging me in conversation, in thinking, in
how she sees the world as I would with her. We will be able to talk for
years, about so much more and while others struggle with conversation,
in getting closer, we won’t. She’s not afraid of smart, conﬁdence, secure,
high sexual men who are also do not apologise for their sexual
experience and having a purpose in their life.
5. And whether she uses her rationality or emotional more, it won’t matter
to me. I am a man of experience, with wealth of knowledge of diﬀerent
logical and emotional languages, and she needs to be intelligent and
smart because I will be then most fucking challenging person because I
have achieved a lot in life and learnt a lot. So I know this won’t make her
feel intimidated, or insecure as I won’t be intimidated or insecure about
her. Instead it will help to us to grow together, and enables us to expand
our minds together.
However, all of these I do value but these are just one part of what I desire.
If she isn’t compatible, with me, forget it.
1. She is high sexual driven. Yes, she is a woman who is high sexual like me
with very strong sexual drive.
2. She is conﬁdent and secure in herself to talk openly sexually when I do.
3. She is conﬁdent and secure enough to ﬂirt with me as I will do so. If this
intimidates her, I won’t need to do much. I know she will disappear and
go back to the same old, same old world. Fine by me.
4. She doesn’t follow the crowd, social norms and traditions. Instead she
has her own thinking and she is not seeking validation, approval and
acceptance from society.
5. She is not monogamous and therefore, she knows I date multiple women
and she can do so with whoever.
So being intelligent is just one thing. I don’t look for that alone. She can be smart
and all that but if she is shit at sexual, if she has doesn’t know how to turn me on,
if she is insecure with jealousy and possessiveness then we do not have
compatibility.
Better she be with someone else.
I’d move on so fast.
Her degree, her qualiﬁcation, her jobs means fuck all to me because if she cannot
make me feel, well, no point me even bothering with her.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend will not let me look at his phone, especially when
he gets texts. I know he watches porn and masturbates to other

girls; that isn’t a problem with me. I welcome him to browse
through my stuﬀ. Why is he so protective of his phone?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You rationalising with logic by saying..
"Oh but I don't mind. I welcome him to browse my stuﬀ"
No, it doesn't work that way. You have an agenda. You're accusing him of
cheating. It is easy then to make some logic excuse to justify how it's not a
problem, it's not a big deal but it is a big deal to him.
You come with your own experiences, own baggage, you are projecting into this
relationship.
Think about that for a moment.
Whenever you see a text on his phone, a photo of some girl, whatever, you
will automatically assume the worse!
You’re own insecurities, your own mind can play tricks on you.
Suddenly you see some text and think it means what it is or a photo and oﬀ you
go, not realising that it his sister, or friend, or co-worker, whatever,
I have seen that happen so many times but moment you do all you do, it’s too
late. You cannot take it back. You have just shown someone the future on how you
will behave and it’s a sneak preview, that if I was him, I would have serious
concerns about even thinking there is a future with you.
If you cannot trust someone then pack your bags and leave.
Take your insecurities that was created way back before you met him because it
will for sure destroy the relationship you are in.
Or get some help in communicating honestly your insecurities with him but
don’t expect your entitled to look at his text messages.
He wants his privacy as I do.
It could be his mum nagging him. It could be his dad. It could be his brothers or
sisters. It could be his mates. It could be anyone but no matter what, when you
see something you will assume automatically something is going on anyway
because you desire to check his phone for no other reason due to your own
insecurities.
You are not entitled to do so.
You are not entitled to ask to look at his phone.
You are not entitled to check his pockets.
You are not entitled to check his laptop.
You are entitled to pack your gear, your clothes, your bags, get your jacket on and
walk out that door and to not come back again and to not date, be in a
relationship until you sort your own insecurities out in your head.
Because it always comes down to this..
You either be with someone and trust or not at all.
If you keep doing this he'll get fed up of walking on eggshells and won't bother
anymore. He'll just leave.
8.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do you improve your self image?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I cannot do justice to the question by being brief. This is going to be a detailed
answer because the question is needs a detailed structured answer.
The key to improving our self image is to work from within in changing the way
we think at rationale and also an emotional level
First let’s look at what we need to avoid and with an understanding it is not easy
but the rewards are great when we can do this.
Again, please appreciate there is no quick ﬁx. It takes time and habits are very
tenacious so consistency is needed in reading, learning and applying.
1. Putting Blame On Others
When we put blame on someone else for our situation and
circumstances, we are giving our power away. By that I mean, we are
taking responsibility for our own thoughts, actions, habits and results.
If we don’t stop blaming others for our situations we won’t grow.
“If you cannot go through what you need to go through,
You will go through it again and again until you pick up the lesson.”
If you’re not having much fun with dating and it’s not happening for you,
if you’re struggling with ﬁnances, if your studies going down the drain, if
you haven’t got many friends, if no one is taking you seriously, whatever
it is focus on the solution. Don’t blame others for your situations and
circumstances. It is easy to do.
2. Hiding From Your Problems
When most people have a problem they shelve it. They don’t face it.
Some just get busy with the fancy stuﬀ, the easy stuﬀ, the stuﬀ that gets
them busy but the big problem is being ignored. Face the problem and
get it sorted. There is no get rich and fast ﬁxes. Face it head on.
If you are scared when you get close to someone, if you feel jealousy and
posessessiveness, if you feel insecure, if you feel your overloading
yourself with work, if you’re leaving things far too late to start them, if
you’re cheating and hurting others, if you have problems with health
issues, whatever it is, face your problem instead of hiding from them.
3. Critizing Other People
How many times we found it easy to critize others and label them as lazy,
as poor, as rich, as predators, sluts, whores and players? Does these solve
anything? Does it make someone’s heart open to listen when we we want
to share our own opinion, insight and knowledge?
How many times we criticize someone’s belief, political views and on
and on we go, and do it with such hateful remarks?
Is it due to envy? Are we Jealouy? Are we scared? Are we insecure to pull
down someone else’s opinions, beliefs and answers?
If it is not helping to improve someone’s life and for wisdom, so we may
learn from one another, best stay quiet. Cool down. Hearts do not open
when we come ﬂying with ﬁngers pointing.
4. Passing The Buck. Someone else will solve our problem
When we wait for someone else to solve our challeges and various

problems in our lives, we are preventing our own learning and growth.
We don’t experience the path that can help us grow. Someone else is.
So we ask ourselves what is really preventing me to take these actions?
What am I trying to really avoid? What am I scared oﬀ? Is it failure? Do I
desire someone’s approval so much to not do these actions? Or is it the
fear of success and we don’t feel worthy of success?
Whatever the answer is, it doesn’t matter because the result is the same.
We procrastinate, we avoid taking action, we get busy doing something
else than what we need to really focus on and we then fail.
5. Pretending Everthing Is Cool
It’s ﬁne being positive but it’s not when we know everything is not
alright. When we ignore our challenges, when we ignore we are failling
again and again to not ask the tough questions, then we are at an
unconscious level decieving ourself. We are thinking there is no need to
improve, to change ourselves and expect the whole world to change for
us.
We develop this sense of false reality and not realise the nature of life is if
we continue the way we are in pretending everything is alright then
these problems won’t go away. They won’t get resolves.
They will continue to get bigger and it will impact our lives later on. By
that time we are so poor in time, rsources, and facing the same problems
we have ignored but now it’s not just one challenge but a huge
mountaint.
Solving them way back would let us relax in the future and making our
life much easier with ﬁnancial, resources and time.
We looked at what to avoid but now here’s how to improve self image:
Improving Our Self Image
If our self image is developed in our early years of lives, let’s say teen years then
can we still develop our self image if we are in our 20s, or in our 30s, or 40s?
Yes we can because if we can change the thinking on both fronts such as our
emotional and rational then we can change the outcome of our lives because:
Sow a thought you sow an action.
Sow an action you sow a habit
Habit then shapes your character
Hence your outcome and result in life
Now the thing with thoughts is you can never really get rid of the negativity.
Those thoughts, the programs running on autopilot within the unconscious will
always be there. However, we can dilute these thoughts with NEW thoughts.
This takes consistent diliberate eﬀort.
Consistency is the key here but also emotions. If for example I came to your
house and we get rid of your old furniture which symbolizes your thoughts and
we took it downstairs in to the garage. Then I said I will be back with new
furnityre (new thoughts), we have a problem.
The moment I leave, you’ll start to feel the place is empty.
You feel you want a table and so you go downstairs and get the table but then you
want a sette and so you get some help to bring that up.

A couple of days later I come back and you got all the OLD furniture (old
thoughts) back in the house and so…you are back to square one.
This is how habits are. They are tenacious and so you must be consistent in your
eﬀort to keep renewing and building on your new thoughts.
You have to be aware who you associate with, listen to, read, what you say to
yourself and what you say to others. If you say I am not worthy of love, I am not
good enough for her, I am not good at computers and on it goes, then you self
sabotaging yourself and as well hurting someone else who is listening to you.
Imagine then you have children and you speak and ﬁll their head with this.
Imagine a bully saying this to someone, imagine a teacher, imagine anyone
talking shit to you and this becomes part of your mind, running on autopilot
which leads to actions, the actions become habit, habit shape character and there
we have the outcome!
That is why success in anything is not easy.
To be with someone you desire is not easy.
To want to make things work with someone else is not easy.
IF you ﬁll your head with these thoughts.
If we want it then we start with our thoughts. We don’t speak from our lips for
your ears to hear the words of low self worth. We don’t speak about what we don’t
want but what we do want.
Back to the furniture story..
I take the furniture out again from your home but this time we bang it a big truck
it gets driven away for a new truck with new furniture to put in your house. New
thoughts and you need to build on these new thoughts.
Another brief example is a wall with writing and some art. You get some paint on
that wall and now you can create your own painting.
But you got to go back the next or week because someone has tagged it or has
painted over that wall with a diﬀerent thought…a diﬀerent painting…and this
painting is someone else’s belief system not yours.
Here then are to Improve Your Self Image:
1. We have to be honest with ourselves.
Instead of deceiving ourselves. We know everything is not already.We
need to sort our problems out. We need to dig, get the weeds out, the
stones and sow new seeds.
2. We use our imagination
Our mind is powerful. We need to live in there for a while. We need to
picture and deﬁne what success means to us. Where our imagination
leads, so does our reality in our life.
3. Take time to chill
It’s not all work. You need to play. Go where nature is and relax. Far from
technology and the busy hustle and bustle of life. It will do you some
good. I love walking through the lands and ﬁelds and nature resorts. It
will help to lower your stress. Relax.
4. Have A Winning Vibe
When you have a winning vibe people can feel it and people will want to
be part of what you do or want to help. Or know someone who will help
but if you bitch, complain everyday and tell people how no one wants to
know you, be your friend, be your lover then who wants to be apart of
that feeling?

5. Invest and Nuture Good Habits
We know what habits have got us to where we are or got us stuck. If we
are honest then we know. So we got to sort out good health, good rest,
good sleep pattern, excercise, diet, thinking and what we say to ourselves
and to other people.
6. Happines Is A Choice
I don’t know about you but being miserable doesn’t feel good. Being
miserable and making someone else miserable also don’t make someone
else feel good.
Sure, loved ones will take it but in time, who can take it everytime.
Expect happiness. Expect it in a way you give than waiting for someone
to give it because we already got it inside us. Focus on the good, positive
but also go out and meet the world and say hello.
7. Remove Your Social Mask
Your mask is really to ﬁt in with the world. It is to hide who you are. It is a
mask, a wall, a facade to impress, to please, to be approved and ﬁt it. I
know it’s not easy. I know it’s scarey for us all. I know the world will
judge.
You know this as well as I do but how long will you wear the mask of
someone else’s expectations when you can live by what you expect of
yourself? The moment you remove all these masks is the moment you
will be vulnerable, you will feel a little scared but you will feel the heavy
weight you have been carrying for so long on your shoulders to fade
away.
8. Care. Have Empathy. Have Compassion. Have Mercy
Yes be a warrior in your battle for whatever cause or dream you believe
in. Teach, educate, create, do with boldness but also be humble. When
you succeed, remember the other person is human.
Be not a person of success but value in that you never look down on
someone no matter who they are, what they believe in, where they are in
life. Have compassion. I didn’t say pity. I said compassion. Observe the
plight, the struggles, and sorrow of others with kindness. Do so for all
things. Men, women, children, animals and nature. Have compassion,
empathy and mercy.
9. Make Mistakes. Grow Through Them.
We don’t grow in the easy times. We do not grow waiting for things to
happen. We don’t grow through our mistakes. We are never ready. There
is no one on earth who hasn’t made mistakes and failed. There are times
we will learn so much more from our mistakes and our failures than we
could ever learn from our success. Character is not forged in the easy
road but in the path in which we make mistakes.
10. Acknowleding Our Weakness
When we refuse to acknowledge we got a problem, we got a weakness
and we need help - then we can never move forward. The same problem
will keep cropping up in our lives. It’s ﬁne when we are teens but as we
move on these problems will become part of our lives.
They will become habits. They will play a role in our future causing
havoc. We will look back and wished we sorted them out. Acknowledge
our weaknesses is a strength and facing them head on we grow to move
forward to our greater purpose in life.

11. Be Ourselves
This doesn’t mean we don’t invest in knowledge, skill, expertise and
understanding the way the world is. It means, we can still be ourselves
and we can be better in health, in skill, in knowledge and in experience.
No one said change yourself. It means be who we are but know we need
to invest in the knowledge, skill, expertise to help us live the way we
want to live, and associate whoever we want to associate and work with
who we love to work with.
12. Continue To Always Grow
Learning never stops. Seeking the knowledge continues for always. Life
is but a process and an orchestration in which we are working towards
growth. To maintain our well being, our healthy minds, our qualities, our
attributes; we must continue to grow with knowledge and understanding
what we learn, and from it comes wisdom.
When it is all built on honesty, on truth, courage instead of seeking
approval, validation and fulﬁlling someone else’s expectation, then we
are bulding the a strong, solid foundation for our self image.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What makes you fall in love with someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally for me..
1. Conﬁdence
She won’t analyze if I like her. There is no signals and hints. It’s direct
and connects with me when she sees me as I won’t know. So her
conﬁdence gets her to take action to say hi and connects.
She will assume immediately I like her. She believes she has self worth
and that a man like me, of value, knowledge, expertise can fall in love
with her. So she has high self esteem.
She knows we are good together, compatible together and won’t let
insecurities or outside inﬂuence get in the way. So she won’t feel stressed
about whether I am into her or not. Sure, we are not perfect and have our
ﬂaws but she will assume as I would….we are into each other, compatible
and we make it happen. Conﬁdence.
2. She knows how to sexually ﬂirt
This is important to me and it shows she’s into me. A woman who can
arouse me until we meet, ﬂirting really does help to show she desires me
as I desire her.
She shows me she has smartness when doing so.
Not everyone can ﬂirt conﬁdently but when she does, I know she has a
good smart head on her shoulders. I know we can have fun. She seduces
verbally and uses all the tools to arouse me, as I will do the same. It is
both ways as you can see.
3. Physical Flirting
When we meet she is loves to have physical conversation wth me. It’s ok
if she doesn’t lead. That’s ﬁne by me. I understand as a lot is going on in
mind. However, when I physically touch she engages with me too and
she will. If you are not meeting each other then use other means until
you do, like texting, emails and lots of photographs. If a woman sends

me lots of photographs teasing me, she is showing she desires me but
also showing she is conﬁdent within her skin.
4. She’s High Sexual
I know she is like me, high sexual drive and she doesn’t apologise for it
and has embraced it. We love sex. We desire each other and it’s
something magical for us and not something to be ashamed about. It’s
the most natural thing in the world. She’s high sexual.
5. Patience
She knows that there is sex and there’s being a man with sexual
experience, and who is a man of value in her eyes. She will be patient to
meet me if some challenges come in the way or long distance, or
whatever. This shows maturity for me. It shows character. She’s patient.
This builds a lot of trust and when we meet it is meaningful.
Anyone can build local and I’m sure you have seen how easy to do so
when you know how but it’s not deep. It doesn’t really prove much.
There is no challenges in distance and logistics when it comes to long
distance. Long distance shows maturity, it shows who the person really is
and it shows their aﬀection is real or nothing more than infatuation.
So there is no excuse most make but we are both patient with each other
and that is how trust, understanding and love grows.
6. Caring.
She loves to help people. Like me, she sometimes want to so help people
and worries if her friends, or other people around her are struggling. She
cares about people and when we’re out she isn’t looking down on other
people such as waiters etc cetre.
She is caring to me, shows her aﬀection to me, tells me all the words I
desire to hear. She cares.
7. Supportive
She understands when I share my ideas, thoughts and engages with me
on what I have said, showing her support. She also understands when I
share my downs and not just my ups. Rarely though I share my downs
but if I do, well, I’d hope she is caring and supportive to have empathy as
I will with her too.
8. Quiet Time
Yes, a woman who likes her solitude, to just chill at home and not
someone who wants to go out night clubbing every day or week. Or tons
of parties. I have done all that already. I still do it but when it’s being with
someone, a lover then she’d also be someone who has a passion for
something in life.
We have our quiet time, staying at home, relaxing watching movies and
documentaries. Snuggling together, just being with each other away
from the world.
9. Smart
A woman can be attractive and smart. I always attract smart and
attractive women, who also have a creative mind, artists mind, a spiritual
universe kind of mind. A mind that’s at peace with nature and the things
most people don’t think about.
10. Inspires
It’s something not talked about. I seek knowledge, always pursing it to
the ends of the earth but there are times, like all human beings I feel
something is missing with my art, writing, painting, and so I am looking

for many ways to be inspired. I sometimes don’t need any help at all but
there are times when I am trying to ﬁgure out how to do something with
more feeling.
My lover’s in their own way, sometimes without even knowing it inspires
me. Something they say to me, something in their caring ways,
something in their courage, something they do inspires me and
suddenly I am inspired, I feel it and it’s like this amazing energy in which
I now full of excitement to paint and the style comes, the ideas ﬂow,
everything just comes like it was all there but it just needed someone
close to me to do something out of love, out of just giving, out of just
saying or doing something.
Suddenly I have ﬁnished a full piece and series of art work or writing and
I’m like…
“Wow, we did this together. You inspired me to do all this.”
She can be walking naked in the living room, she can be humming away,
she can be just reading, she might send me a message and something she
does and says, when she didn’t need to but she did inspires me to
paining more, write more, create music and even inspire me to write
songs.
11. Communication
I know someone cares when they communicate. I know my lovers have
read what I wrote or heard what I said and respond back with showing
me I wasn’t speaking to just a ghost. It doesn’t have to be everyday, I am
ﬁne by that. We all have our lives but when we comunicate, share our
feelings and everything about ourselves and also responsible in doing so
in sharing positive to encourage, inspire, to be open with each other, it
builds a bond.
12. Consistency
This is by far one of the factors so many fail in. People fall in and of love
like it is the most easiest thing and it’s just nothing. It is easy to just ﬂow
with the emotions and do what we do when we feel good or when we got
what we want and disappear.
But I ﬁnd the one who consistenly communicates, who I can trust who
after some days, or weeks, months or years are still consistently showing
their love for me and meet - are the ones who truly desire to know me,
love me and who have proven without a shadow of doubt, they are
unique and special, diﬀerent than all people in world.
It’s not up and down drama. It’s ﬂowing consistently and even if it was
one year, two or three, or four, the feeling is still there. The sexual desires
for each other is still there. The hunger to know more and meet is still
there and we meet.
19.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do any men out there see household chores (cooking, cleaning,
laundry, clearing clutter) as things that everyone in the
household should be doing, and not just as a woman's job?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t speak for other men but this is how it goes for me when I am with my
lovers and how it will. I’ll show two diﬀerent scenerios as I have been in both of
these.

When I didn’t have a job..
1. I cooked
2. Food ready when she came home on cooker
3. The clothes when done and dryed, folded and put in the rightful place
4. Made sure home was tidy and clean
5. Dishes all cleaned
6. Sometimes when she wasn’t knocked out, she also cleaned, and so forth
but it was easier due to me helping out
7. I made sure my lover came home knowing she can relax.
8. When she did come home she wanted to help and she did.
When I worked and my lover was not in a job:
1. She cooked
2. She got food ready when she came home on cooker
3. She got clothes done and dryed, folded and put in the rightful place. If I
was there, I’d help as she would too.
4. Made sure home was tidy and clean and if I was there early, and she
needed help, no problem. I just helped.
5. Dishes all cleaned. Same.
6. Made sure my lover came home knowing she can relax.
7. If I came early, I helped her as well.
When both working which we are:
1. If I came early than my lover, I cooked. If I didn’t, she will be starting or
cooking, and I want to help.
2. We helped each other to get food ready.
3. The clothes and we helped each other. Much faster. Sometimes I would
see her tired or upset about something. So with any of my lovers, I know
what’s going on and I try to do my best to ease things. I say to chill as I
get things sorted.
4. We made sure home is tidy.
5. We played music as we got the dishes cleaned, dried and put away.
As you can see, for me it wasn’t about who does this and that. I really don’t give a
shit about all that crap.
I’m a man who loves the women I date and so, I am Masculine and loving. I am a
giver type. I love to give and do things and make life easier. It’s how I show my
love to lovers I am dating or living with.
I’m not a push over. I have my boundaris but I’m also always wondering how I can
make my lover happy.
That is my priority.
I don’t see it as competition. I don’t see this is half and this is half. I don’t see you
is woman and I am a man. I see this is my lover, I want to make her happy, and so
I am going to, no matter what anyone thinks.
That’s me as a man. As a lover.

That’s how I behave with women who are in love with me and I with them, and
when I am either living in same place, or on holiday.
It’s peace.
It’s tranquil.
It’s happiness.
It’s love.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend always tell me that I'm beautiful even when
sometimes I feel I’m not. Is it truly what he means?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait until when no one tells you that, then you’ll back here again complaining
why your lover just doesn’t appreciate you, loves you, say it when you’re tired,
messy hair and all that.
This isn’t about him.
It’s about your own insecurities.
If I say to women I love,
“You look amazing” and her hair is messy, I mean she looks amazing. You see
your hair messy but what a man sees, is someone he loves.
You see you got to put make up and do all that shit, while a man who is in love
with his lover sees her and everything about her is gorgeous.
If I say to my lover she is gorgeous even if her hair is messy, even if she is wearing
nothing much, just some ordinary clothes…. I mean she’s fucking gorgeous. If I
say her curves are amazing, her ass is just..
“GOD DAYUM GIRL! YOU LOOK AMAZING” I mean it.
There is no normal.
It all depends how you’re own self esteem is.
If you truly believe you are beautiful with messy or not messy hair, you will
believe you’re beautiful. If you don’t then it is easy for someone else to bring you
down with a comment and feel you’re not.
Nothing to do with normal or not, when he compliments.
He’s just a guy who is into you. He wants to show his aﬀection. It’s his way of
showing he loves you.
I’m same. If I love a woman, I am going to say it every damn day and when I say it,
i mean it. Hell, I’m an artist.
I will paint her on canvases and it be all over the house and sketch books.
That’s me.
You think your man’s out of his head
You ain’t seen nothing yet. Imagine him painting you in many canvases. Each
one shows his love in his own way. That you inspire him to paint and write his
songs and his on cloud nine.
When you have this kind of guy, don’t be a fool to let him go or complain. Women
grow to wish they had such men.

They so wish, dream, fantasize they had such men and they become men better
than some fucked up Hollywood actor who has to spend tons of money to look
good with their plastic surgery, botox, have lots of money eating healthy rich food
and even have money for hair…real hair inplanted in them for hair to grow on
their head, eyes too, and all that.
His love language is him saying it to you everytime he sees you.
You’re love language might not be so verbally aﬀectionate but you can learn to be.
It’s not something you can’t learn.
So lap it up. Take it all. Own it.
6k Views · View Upvoters

My friend's mom is on a "diet" and has no food in the house for
my friend to eat. How do I help her (both friend and her mom)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wow. You’re amazing. You have one amazing big heart to help your friend. Most
people would just ignore or talk about getting system involved, and not know the
full story. But you, wow.
Ok. Let’s get rocking!
I scowered the internet to ﬁnd these below:
Here’s the places…
1. There are all sorts of Kitcne Pantrices, Churches, Organisations in your
area who provide free groceries and other care. Call them and see when
their kitchen pantries open.
See which one to bang in your plan to go and check out…
Lupton Drive Baptist Church
Main address is 859 Lupton Drive
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37415
Dial 877-7798
They have an onsite food pantry.
Grace Episcopal Church - Food Pantry
20 Belvoir Ave
Chattanooga, TN 37411
Main phone number - 698-2433
Food pantry and utility bill assistance.
Metropolitan Tabernacle
Location - 2101 West Shepherd Rd.
Chattanooga, TN 37421
Call 894-3377
Has a food pantry and clothing closet. Free food and meals, as well as
clothes for work or school, may be available.
HACOBA Care Center
Main address - 4501 Virginia Avenue
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37409
821-4724
Services include free food, clothing, free school supplies, computer and
related technology classes, Thanksgiving and Christmas baskets, and
glasses.

Red Bank | White Oak United Methodist
2232 Lyndon Ave
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37415
877-6042
Snacks are for children and some volunteers may deliver a meal to a
senior in the local parish as well.
Northside Neighborhood House
Address - 211 Minor Street
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37405
Main phone number is 267-2217
Emergency groceries as well as applications to SNAP food stamps can be
provided by social workers from this Hamilton County non-proﬁt.
Spring Creek Road Baptist Church
Address is 1312 Spring Creek Rd.
Chattanooga, TN 37412
894-0700
There is a shelter and soup kitchen for the homeless. Other support
includes groceries, infant formula, and groceries for the poor in
Hamilton County.
Northminister Presbyterian-58 Hwy
Location is 4791 Hal Drive
Chattanooga, TN 37416
894-3773
Programs include VITA tax preparations, FEMA Emergency
Food/Shelter Administrative Agencies, and food.
Salvation Army Chattanooga
800 McCallie Avenue
Chattanooga, TN 37403
Dial 756-1023
Services include Transitional Housing/Shelter, Emergency Food, rent
and utility assistance, meals, and other public aid and social services.
For example, get help in applying for WIC or food stamps. Or apply for
LIHEAP.
Oakwood Baptist Church
Location is 4501 Bonny Oaks Drive
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37416
Dial 892-6414
Salvation Army Chattanooga/Social Services
Main address is 2140 East 28th St.
Chattanooga, TN 37407
305-6200
Another local Salvation Army center. Oﬀers many of the same services as
the location above. A clothing closet, food pantry, and social services are
provided, as well as limited ﬁnancial and cash assistance for bills, if the
applicant is qualiﬁed.
St. Elmo Presbyterian Church
Location is 4400 St. Elmo Avenue
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37409
Main number is 821-1424

St. John United Methodist Church/Food Vouchers
Address is 3921 Murray Hills Dr.
Chattanooga, TN 37416
Phone number is 892-2257
Thanksgiving meals, clothing (such as for school) and a pantry are all
oﬀered
HOPE for the Inner City
Main address is 1800 Roanoke Avenue
Chattanooga, TN 37401
Food bank number is 698-3178
Stop by for referrals and/or one or more of the following. Life Skills
Education, Summer School Programs, Job Search/Placement,
Thanksgiving Baskets, Holiday Gifts/Toys, Dental Care, Legal
Ladies of Charity
2821 Rossville Blvd
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37404
(423) 698-2846
Oﬀers ﬁnancial aid and food vouchers~
New City Fellowship Presbyterian - Food Voucher Program
Address - 2412 E. 4th Street
Chattanooga, TN 37404
Call 629-1421
Warren Chapel AME Church
Address is 503 N Market St
Chattanooga, TN
Main phone number is (423) 267-4992
Emergency Assistance Program - HCSS
317 Oak St, Suite 103
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37403
Dial 209-6855 for help and information on the food pantry.
Catholic Charities - Family Support Services
Address is 859 McCallie Avenue
Chattanooga, Tennessee 37403
Main number - 266-1891
Oﬀers help for paying for basic needs, like housing, medications, and
rent. This is in addition to free food, meals, and groceries.
2. 168 Food Pantries
168 Food Pantries In The Chattanooga, TN Area
This website tells you more and people writing down like testimonials
and stuﬀ what you will get from these food pantries.
3. See this link of pages other resources
Hope you and your friend are alright.
If you need anymore info or help let me know.
:)
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend can do better than me. Is it my moral obligation
to let him go? I can’t help but feel like I’m holding him back

from his true potential.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“The greatest good you can do for one another is not just to share your
riches, but to reveal to him his own.” - Benjamic Disreli
We are socially conditioned to believe that out self worth, our beauty is external.
That better is out there. That the grass is greener on the other side.
We don’t hear enough that the grass is greener
where we water it the most.
I get about having self worth. I get about ensuring you’re with someone who loves
back and treats their love with the same admiration and love.
I get that but this is not what I’m writing here about..
You probably heard it a thousand times from people, your relatives, your
brothers, your sisters, your mother, your dad, maybe some friend making some
sarcastic comment about you, your ﬁgure, your features and your clothes. To
even co-workers and someone you don’t even know.
This then makes you feel insecure and you let it deﬁne you.
You let it control your state of mind.
We do not give chances to feeling. For example, when someone sends me a
bullshit message calling me a douche or woman stuck up her ass calling me an
sexiest blah blah, I don’t let them pull me in their reality.
I can control my reality because my state of mind is strong.
Solid and yes, I am human, I can feel hurt but…I can be calm and unshaken by
someone else’s perception, manipulation, games, bully behaviour and the usual
crap you get in society when you stand out from the crowd.
So we don’t have to give chances to our feelings.
This how the world gets you.
Emotions. Feelings.
It tries to pull you into it’s reality and if it’s reality is stronger than yours in your
mind, you lose. It is a constant battle until you ﬁgure how to make your own
reality bigger, stronger, and brighter.
The moment you are born you are now in a world of perceptions. You are in a
world of someone else’s belief system, someone else’s attitudes, ideas, opinions,
what is beauty, ugly, success ans failure.
At a very early stage you are hammered with..
1. Children story books ﬁlled with pretty princesses and princes
2. Dolls that look so perfect
3. Cartoons with girls that look so perfect
4. Girly magazines with girls that look so perfect
5. Hollywood movies and romance movies
6. Bilboards to commericials
If that’s not all, then you got decades of social conditioning that your beauty is
about the external and I don’t just mean looks..
Your qualiﬁcation

Your credit score
You’re house/mortgage
The car you drive
The neighbhourhood you live and came from
The country you came from
The clothes you wear
The job you have
The position in your job
The types of credit cards you have
You’ll also hear it from people around you, who are insecure about who they are
but they say it because they are scared, they are envious, they feel alone, they feel
left out and they want to feel better about themselves.
They follow the social norms and the traditions of ﬁtting in.
From the invention of shame regarding your body and sex, to the invention of
modesty, to the ongoing streams of slut shaming consistently from women/men.
Throw in the religions, the cultures and people following what is favourable to
their social peers.
It is societal programming to train society to do so.
You’ll be lucky if you haven’t been fucked in the head by the time you are 10 years
old, never mind when you’re 20 years old.
In a world that is damned in looking for perfection, I yearn for the ﬂaws. I
celebrate them in the women I love and I hope they celebrate mine too.
I yearn for the woman who is conﬁdent in that she has let go of the shackles that
her self worth deﬁne her by something external, her looks and not within herself.
I yearn for the woman who can walk naked in front of me with nothing but her
ass, her pussy and tits revealed as she walks through the living room or just with
her panties on, whistling away, winking at me, and I’m like..
“Wow. She is conﬁdent in her own skin.”
When she takes her make oﬀ or put it on, I don’t see anything but love for her.
When she with love, courage picks up her phone and snaps away and sends me
many photos of her body, and all, I am inspired by her conﬁdence and growth.
Everytime she does that, I see her reveal more and growing in conﬁdence.
I also get inspired.
When her hair is messy and all she wants to do is snuggle to watch some movies
or documentaries, I feel her glow, her energy and a deep connection.
When she talks and communicates, it hits a home run everytime and the ball is
gone way, way over.
Perfection, I get bored of.
Natural beauty I can grow with.
Sincerity I can be commited too.
Conﬁdence I can be inspired with.
Her sharing her ﬂaws, but I see humility which I admire.

Lovin physical touches I can feel I am the most important man in the
world.
Sexual openess and I can feel I can take on the world.
Telling me she loves me. I can only see her and everything in the world
fades.
Perfection decays and it is an illusion.
It is a perception.
In all the lessons over the years, it be this..
Lovers are like diamond cutters, helping each other to bring out the inner beauty.
Like diamonds, we all have our grains and tendencies but we celebrate them, we
embrace them without fear and it is this that makes each other stronger.
Diamonds are expensive but…..Relationships are…Priceless.
If ever anything deserves to be handled with care and with the diamond touch,
it’s our relationships we have between our lovers.
In life, when we hear the Diamond touch, what it means is this..
“You needed to be ready, have experience, specialized knowleged, skillset OR at
least be with a man who has these already due to vast experiences in which he has
the Diamond touch.”
Your self esteem is very low but you already know that.
Here’s what you probably don’t know…
Instead of focusing on who you’re not good enough for….. work together in
cutting, shaping, smothing and bring ing out the diamond within you both
You are working to bring out the…better inside of each other.
That’s the point you are missing about relationships.
The Diamond, the better is already here.
Inside you.
We have come full circle.
So I leave you with the beginning quote
“The greatest good you can do for one another is not just to share your
riches, but to reveal to him his own.” - Benjamic Disreli
I would also suggest to read a book by Dr Nate Booth, with Dr Steven Price. It’s
called the Diamond Rules: Secrets Of a Master Diamond Cutter
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Interpersonal Interaction: Have you ever changed your opinion
of someone after seeing naked pictures of them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends. If it’s someone who I am not attracted to and they just send then
maybe I be curious on why they send and ﬁnd it suspicous.
BUT…if it is a woman who I am attracted to and she is attracted to me, and
we have made this known clearly…..and we have exchanged deep feelings for
each other, sexual too; and she says she’ll send nude naked photos of herself, and
she does….then it will only make me attracted to her even more.

I understand all this “beauty is skin deep” but I’m not going to bullshit myself
either. I’m not going to be attracted to sleeping with a woman I am not physically
attracted to but woman who sends me such photos, I am very physically attracted
to and also, they are very, very smart women which even increases my attraction
towards her.
They must be
1. Physically attractive to me and that will relate to my perception of what
is attractive.
2. Smart. Got passion. Know what they want out of their life
3. Can communicate with me at a deep emotional and intellectual level.
So equally - if she is physically attractive but I haven’t the rest…then it’s not really
going to happen.
The attraction I found would hit zero fast because I know, when sex is over, I
won’t be able to communicate, engage, we won’t have compatibility and we can’t
talk about things in a more intellectal way.
But to the question…no, if I am attracted to her and we have communicated, and
we have shown interested in one another. We’d have also already arranged to
meet in near future. So no, in this context it won’t change my opinion but rather
be more attracted to her and I’d love it.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend broke up with me through text. What does that
mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means it’s done, over.
Now the longer version.
When she replied, she doesn’t give a fuck. She’s had enough of the bullshit. She’s
had enough of the games. She’s had enough of young immature boys. She doesn’t
want all this drama anymore.
She replied to you in a “fuck you” kind of way. It was sarcasm. She wasn’t
apologising but really telling you to get lost. It was a fuck you kind of reply.
Here it is..
“I’m so sorry I’ve been so awful (here it comes >>) I hope you ﬁnd someone
better, that’s not bad as me. I’m obviously irritating you…..I think you
deserve a better person than me…”
That’s not an apology,
That’s a - bye, bye, fuck you then. Go and ﬁnd someone better. I am done with you!
What did you expect?
1. When you tell someone you care about what is wrong with them, what is
the state of mind you moved them to?
2. When you tell someone they make you feel shit what state of mind do
you move them to?
3. When you tell someone in words, texting for crying out loud, that you
cannot handle her…. what state of mind do you move someone to?
4. When you continue to say nothing but negativity after negativity, after
negativity…what state of mind you move them to?

5. When you behave immature, telling someone you’re not going to be
there because you not wanted, knowing full well what you are REALLY
saying, what state of mind do you move someone to?
You move her to your state of mind that felts helpless, frustrated, negative,
low self esteem, shit and she’s had enough of it all. This has probably been
going on for a while..
Every word on there you sent is like you pulling down every brick, pebble and
mortar of any attaction and feeling that she had left for you.
It’s done. Over. Move on.
That’s what it means.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Scott

What do guys have in their mind when they're checking out a
hot girl as she walks pass?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally…
1. She looks amazing
2. She has a great ass
3. The type of ass I like, yes!
4. Look at those tits
5. Love her thin waiste line
6. I would love to go down on her
7. I wonder if she can put her legs behind her head :)
8. Does she have a boyfriend? Must be? I’ll ﬁnd out right now
9. I love the way her hair ﬂows and those golden blonde hair. Love that
10. Love the message on back of her jacket. I like her mind.
11. She’s tall. Wow she’s sexy
12. She’s short. Wow she looks sexy
13. She’s super cute. I like cute.
14. She’s diﬀerent. I like diﬀerent. I bet she’s kinky in bed!
15. Oooh. No makeup. Conﬁdent. I like.
16. Oooh make up. She’s looks damn good
17. Short skit. Girl you know you look good.
18. The way she moves. Dayuum girl you’re good
;)
19.9k Views · View Upvoters

When I go out with her and brother, can I ask personal
questions in the presence of her brother,will she/he feel
awkward?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Trust is a big thing.

You should be mature and understand her world and it seems to me you don’t. If
you are going to ask personal questions to her then ask them when her brother is
not there. Maybe it’s some cultural, religious thing where you got someone else
walking with you, with a woman you’re attracted to or it’s leading to arrange
marriage.
Nevertheless, a woman needs to know she can rely on you to have social intuition
and maturity to not ask personal questions that will make her feel
uncomfortable.
Now I’ll give you an example how it is when there is none of this cultural
traditions.
1. I build rapport with the woman
2. We are alone
3. As I have already built attraction then I have also built comfort, so we
can talk in deeper detail, about everything. I lead in doing so, by ﬁrst
coversing, showing my values about many things she may fear to talk
about to show her I am not judging these, I am open for these, and she
sees she can be be who she desires to be without fear of me judging her.
4. I care about her. I love her and I want to know everything about her BUT
I must make sure, she is comfortable. This is how I show my experience,
my maturity, my conﬁdence but also my caring for her. I lead, I show
myself, I reveal my desires and all for her to see, there is NOTHING she
can top this or say that will ever make her feel she can be judged. I know
from experience when I do this right and with a woman who desires me,
we talk about everything, even sex positions, and all the secrets she will
never share to anyone in world, not even her closest friends or relatives.
5. So I lead in sharing something personal and I also make it fun for her to
do so. I ensure it is fun, playful but also emotionally connected like a
conversation and if she says something, I do not down her but admire
the traite, her views but doing so sincerely and from the heart. I am not
doing it to impress. I am doing it because I love the woman and I am
showing her I believe in these values, desires and direction in life too.
6. All of this is done in discretion, no one else knows, just me and her. No
one will ever know. Trust to me is sacred. It is one of the most important
thing to me even if someone does bad to me. I keep that trust high up
because it deﬁnes my character and integrity. So she will always know,
and any woman who desires me, that her words, her secrets, her personal
expression to me will always be locked deep inside of me, always,
between her and me.
7. If I ﬁnd she feels awkward about something, it’s ﬁne, I back oﬀ and I say
it’s ok. We’ll step back and talk about something else. I want to respect
her boundaries too. I want her to see that though I say I desire a certain
type of woman, I am also a man who will never step over her boundaries
but here to make her feel comfortable, safe and will always be so with
me.
This is when there is no religion, no culture, social norms and all kinds of stuﬀ
most go through. I am now downing your ways or culture, or religion. I am saying,
understand women and understand human nature.
Find a way that you never ask questions about personal stuﬀ until you are alone
with her, have built rapport and she is willing to share. You lead with conﬁdence
but you also respect her space, her boundaries and her feelings.
So it is always between me and her, and she can feel comfortable knowing what
she says to me, goes nowhere.

I would advise to ﬁnd another way because asking personal questions in front of
other people can make her feel awkward. You also do not give room to ﬁrst build
rapport and to get slowly personal with her and know how far you can go in what
to ask. You will know but you must know it when both are alone, not with
someone there or a brother or anyone else.
Even if you’re brother sits somewhere far and can see you both. You both need
your privacy and she needs to feel you can be trusted and feels comfortable.
I’m not bothered about someone else, if I am attracted to a woman. I want HER to
feel comfortable. I never want her to feel hurt and I never want to break the trust
she has in me.
So I would ﬁgure out what will make her comfortable.
404 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think of someone who deletes your thoughtful
responses to their question, yet claims to be open-minded?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean a comment on their answer, then I will see it as, they are open
minded but that doesn’t mean you can shit on their ansswer. It doesn’t mean you
or anyone is entitled to not have your answer deleted.
It means, they are open..minded not naive, social proof hunting, willing for
people to say whateve they want, being rude, arrogant, cursing or even agreeing
what you got to say.
Open minded doesn’t mean the person won’t delete your comment.
It means they are open minded to see what you got to say and if you piss them oﬀ
they will delete.
Thank yourself lucky.
At least you can comment.
With me, no one can.
;)
662 Views · View Upvoters

What kind of conversations only happen in high school?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Did you see that?
Student - Yeah. She’s hot
Me - And those, (using hands) hahaha.
Student - Hey you think she be outside in break?
Me - Yeah, she’s all over Mr (name)
Stude - Yeah seen her too doing all the moves. So would yah?
Me - What?
Student - If she fancied yah, would you?
Me - Yeah, man.
Student - Dare yah
Me - To do what?
Student - Ask her out
Me - Shit man. I’m already in trouble. One more and I am on detention.
Student - Look she’s there.
Me - Dayuum. She’s so ﬁne.

Student - You think she got it going with Mr (his name)
Me - Probably. You know they all pretend aint it but behind doors, all oﬀ.
Student - Hey Kelly is coming round to our house.
Me - Is she bringing her sister?
Student - Yeah
Me - I’m coming
Student - Only if you lend me the game man
Me - Done, whatever. I’m coming. When?
Student - later about 6.
On went the same old conversation in school about the new teacher. The only
exciting part of school was her.
Until a new teacher came along and it was the same conversation.
9.8k Views · View Upvoters

What dream did you have as a teenager which you had to bury
because they said it wasn't realistic?
Adam Taha, Sleeping in the streets experiences
Updated Nov 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Teacher - so what do you want to be?
Me - (grinning)
Teacher - Don’t be nervous. Tell us what you want to be.
Me - A…Porn…Star
(everyone lauging)
Teacher - EXCUSE ME?!
Me - A Porn Star
Teacher - Go and Principal’s oﬃce! I will be right there in a moment.
At The Principal's Oﬃce
Principal - So what have you done this time?
Me - Nothing sir.
Principal - No ﬁghting?
Me - No sir. No ﬁghting
Principal - Kissing girls in the girls toilets and..
Me - No Sir. Honest. I don’t do that anymore except..
Principal - Ok. Ok. I’ll wait and ﬁnd out.
Teacher arrives Principal - Ah Mrs (her name)
Teacher - I asked him what he wanted to be
Principal - I see. He said he wanted to be an artist or..
Teacher - Go on, say what you wanted to be
Me - (Grinning)
Principal - Well?
Me - A..Porn..Star
Principal - What you mean you want to be a Porn Star?!
Me - I want to do what they do. Who wouldn’t?
Principal - Young man, do you know what you’re saying?
Me - Yes. Is my English still not good?
Principal - No, it’s ﬁne Adam, you did good this year but…
Principal - You can’t say such things in class. It’s not proper.
Me - But they can have all the…
Principal - Now, now. I said no more talking about such things.
Me - But sir, and they can also..
Principal - Enough. Now go to your class so we can decide what to do with you. I
will have to call your parents.

Yes, I never became a Porn Star but when it went all over school what I said…the
smiles I got from some of the girls and the stories I could tell, man the stories I
could tell.
123.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ﬁnd shy people attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t ﬁnd shy, not shy, introvert, extrovert etc cetre as attractive.
1. I ﬁnd conﬁdence as attractive
2. I ﬁnd a woman who can make me feel good attractive
3. I ﬁnd woman who can engage with me in conversation as attractive, and
it is ﬁne if she needs help with the talking when together.
4. I ﬁnd a woman who takes interest in me attractive
5. I ﬁnd a woman who tells me she desires me attractive
6. I ﬁnd a high sexual drive woman attractive and she can express her
sexuality conﬁdently and openely with me. And if she gets real down
and dirty, the better.
7. I ﬁnd woman who don’t…ask..for my photo and get to know me as
attractive.
8. I ﬁnd a woman who desires me and sends me tons of photos, nude, semi
nude, in every damn position, and goes for it, as attractive, arousing and
tells me she is conﬁdent enough when we meet, it will be an amazing
time.
9. It’s how she makes me feel. That’s what will keep…my…attention.
Sure, if I see a woman and she has the look, yeah my eyes will see but if I
approach and none of the above I mentioned happens, she can be a godess for all
I care, but I won’t want to know her.
If she behaves like in a certain manner also online, if I see she is projecting
negative experiences and seen to be someone who will do so in relationships…I
won’t be attracted to her. I will stay the well away from her.
If she is too serious. If I ﬂirt, if I have fun, if I am playful, if I am creative sexually
with words and she is timid, she is up her ass with whatever, and cannot engage
with me in this…she isn’t going to be attractive to me. I don’t care of her
standards. I don’t care about her past experiences with guys.
I don’t care what she knows about players and all that. If she cannot show she is
fun and get with it, and believes love happens like nice, gentle, polite, she is oﬀ
her rocker, follows disney and for sure, I won’t be attracted to her.
If she hides her feelings, if she unwilling to show her interest, if she behaves like
she judgemental, if she has perception that all men are players and good for
nothing sex ﬁends and manwhores…she is not attractive to me.
Shy or not shy - if the woman does not show her interest to me, well….no point of
me even bothering with her.
I get a person likes quiet time.
I get person likes solitude.
That is ﬁne but if someone is interested in someone and is approached and they
don’t show interest back or projects past negative relationships or perception on
me……forget it.

It just shows it be one helluva hassle later on.
It’s cool. Such women dissappear anyway or fade somewhere, far from me.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can you love someone forever even If you know that they won't
love you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There were these two guys, monks. Travelling. One monk was the student
walking beside his teacher.
They came to a river bank and saw a woman on the other side.
The teacher crosses over, helps the woman, carries her. Piggy back to the other
side. The student shocked on on how he carried the woman. He’s a monk. He’s
the teacher. How can he touch a woman!
As the teacher said goodbye to the woman, the student and he carried on and for
two hours the young student was fuming, shocked and felt dissappointed at what
he saw his teacher do.
The teacher asked..
“What’s up? You haven’t talked for two hours?”
“Teacher,” exclaimed the student, “you carried this woman!”
“I carried this woman for only a few minutes but you carried her in your mind for
two hours.”

The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in
having new eyes - Marcel Proust
You decide how long you want to carry this man.
You decide when you are ready to learn, grow with new eyes.
Many carry a lot in their lives for years to come and do not realise they project
their past experiences into their present life and relationships to come. Or onto
other people that appear in their life.
Many men and women contradict what they say.
They say all the good things on what they want but when it comes, well, they
can’t recognise love because if you don’t know what love is, how the hell can you
reocgnise it and even give it?
You can’t.
It’s just all chemicals kicking oﬀ.
Someone who knows what love is will take to know someone without any
prejudging, due to them knowing how their perception, past experiences, belief
system can betray them. We all have these voices in our heads and pre-judging
how someone talks and behaves and that’s why you get to know someone.
You’d be surprise the guy who is behaving fun and all, can be a very deep
intellectual knowledeable person but you won’t know due being too quick to
judge.
If they also like the person they are smart enough to immediately show interested
so they don’t waste time too. They got to know NOW if the person is interested in

them…so they don’t invest lots of emotions and time on someone who isn’t
feeling the same way.
If you don’t love yourself then you’ll invest in someone and love and all that…
when they haven’t even shown they are interested in you. You would ﬁnd out
early enough.
If you don’t love yourself then how can you ever really talk about love in this
context?
It’s just immature. You know it’s…
“I want. I want. I want.”
“You don’t fall in love to be happy.
You fall in love to make each other happy.”
This is when you know you love someone and they love you.
There is no distance. There is no valley high enough when this for real is in place
which many do not have…
That it isn’t about what you want and what he wants.
It is about both wanting to make each other happy so there is no cat and
mouse game. Games hurt. It’s all ego.
These games do not make anyone happy but frustrated, manipulated, at loss and
wondering where do they stand.
And people call me a player!
The lover brings out the best in you.
The lover who loves you will show interest immediately and they will do so with
fun, creativity, imagination. How you perceive it then is your own perception.
Love is fun. Love is courageous. It is imagination. It is creative.
Love has a spark of wanting to make you laugh, bring the good and make you
happy because they want you to feel the joy.
But did you feel that?
You felt frustrated. You felt it was a cat and mouse game. You felt confused. You
felt lost. How can you not know this wasn’t love?
This is a “PLAYER” saying this to you. How can you not know this is love? If you
don’t know it then how can you recognise it?
Because you have yet to learn to love…………yourself.
Giving, whether it be of time, labour, aﬀection, advice, gifts or whatever, is
one of life’s greatest pleasures. - Rebecca Russell
Loving yourself isn’t about being some tough nut or trying to tell everyone you’re
standard. No one really gives a shit.
It’s this ……It is showing your interest immediately and they must show theirs. If
they are judging or silent, or do not show immediately their interest….you know
you cannot make this person happy!
You also won’t be happy!
Therefore it is not love because love is not about what “I” want.
The “I want” comes from a place that’s desperate and needy because it is not
about what “WE” want.

Is the person feeling the same as you? Is the feeling mutual? Is then person
attracted to you too?
This is the “WE” that must be sorted out from the beginning.
In fact the moment you see the person or communicate a few times, you now
need them to show they are interested in you too.
That it is mutual attraction.
Love is about letting the person go so you can move on because you want to make
someone happy and theywant to make you happy too even if the person they
want to make happy….isn’t you.
Yes a mouthful but I hope you get this simple and yet power factor regarding love.
It must be mutual.
So what’s the point even spending a second with a person who isn’t interested in
you? What’s the point in trying to force attraction? What is the use in investing
more for attraction to later grow into love?
I am glad when someone doesn’t feel the way I feel for them.
They don’t respond.
They dissappear.
They reject.
Maybe I get dissappointed but happy because I found out what I need to know.
That they won’t make me happy and so I cannot do so with them.
They are not suppose to be in my life.
You cannot force someone to be happy in loving you and you cannot be forced
either.
It is not compatibile.
Compatibility is about how lovers mutually agree this is what they want and they
can work together as one, towards each other’s happiness without losing their
own individuality and freedom.
They have discussed all challenges, desires, needs, concerns and come to an
amazing understanding that they want to make each other happy.
It is an attitude.
It is a process they embrace together.
You have a choice…..
“It often happens that I wake up at night and begin to think about a serious
problem and decide I must tell the President about it. Then I wake up
completely and remember that….I am the President.”
- Harry Truman. 33rd President
Yes, you can carry someone for a long time.
Yes, you can keep building movies in your mind about someone who doesn’t give
a shit about you for a very long time.
You can be in some cat and mouse game pretending all you want.
You can believe you can’t move on.
You can stay as long as you want in the Casino.

The Casino won’t give a damn how much time you lose. You can spend all the
money, time and your youth that you want.
The longer you stay in the Casino, the more it takes everything from you.
When that happens, you won’t be even bothering about some lost love or even
being so picky on who to date and love.
You won’t give a shit if he’s tall, short, fat. Those days will be gone. I promise you.
Those days will be gone and you cannot get them back.
You know time is ticking and your biological clock isn’t so forgiving.
Tick…tock…tick…tock…tock…tock…tick..tock.
Whooooooooosh! You’re now 30 years old.
Whoooooooooosh. 10 years more have gone by. You are 40!
Where did the time go?
Do you really think you have a second time round with life? When we are dead
and buired, we are dead and buried.
It’s over. This is all we got. This one life span.
We won’t be passing through again.
If you don’t know what I mean…here is is…the Casino…
Adam Taha's answer to I broke up with my boyfriend, but I miss him. However,
every time I'm with him, it's like I just want to leave. What do I do?
You decide how long you want to a carry someone.
Hopefully you are smarter than the student.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend wants me to change, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman knows who I am from day one, and then thinks she can change me
after some years and thinks I will, it isn’t going to happen.
I expect the same too.
That if I treat any woman I am in love with like that, when I embraced her for all
she is in the begining and now I want to change her, then she is right, 100% to tell
me to get out of her life too.
I don’t know about you, but when someone tells me to change, then it is time to
depart, move on, bye, bye.
If she wanted religious then she needed to be with a man who is religious and
mature and whatever she thinks these are, from day one.
From the beginning. That was her compatibility she needed to see is there and
not years later.
Now after years later, she is trying ﬁx and change you.
If you do that, then it be something else, then something else and next it be sex
dangled like a carrot, then she wants you to never hang around your friends, then
it be you go out too much, then it be why you talk to some girl, and on and on it
goes.

That’s how abusive relationship, unhealthy relationship starts.
What you should do?
Tell her “when hell freezes over.”
Then move on. She can ﬁnd someone else who ﬁts in her tick box.
But hey, that’s me. A man with my own values, self respect and belief system.
Who are you, well, you ﬁgure that out. It looks like you don’t know yourself yet to
ask others what they think.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do cute and beautiful girls like fat boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Fat. Tall. Short.
They attract beautiful girls for a reason.
Because they make her….feel alive, unique, special and yes, aroused.
It is the feeling.
Doing that is not easy. Some just stumble trying to do it and sometimes,
sometimes it happens but there are those, who know how to really connect and
make a girl feel alive, unique, special and…her pussy dripping wet while she
pretends nothing it happening.
Not many know how to do that which is why such a guy, whether fat, tall, short,
whatever, is unique individual.
He ﬁgured it out.
1. Don’t ask how to get a girl.
2. Ask what do I want?
3. How does it feel for her?
4. How do I lead her to feel this state of mind?
Now all you got to do is ﬁgure out how to do that and that, is an entirely diﬀerent
story altogether.
;)
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Does it bother you that you are past your prime?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A man, a rich man who has a ship. You know those old steam ships? He owned a
ﬂeet of them but he could not get all these so called experts to ﬁx it.
They told him of a guy who is older, more experienced can do this but he charges
more. So they called him.
He arrives and the rich man tells him about his ship and so, the guy walks up the
steps and into the ship. He goes down to the belly of the ship to the engine room
and he walks around, observing.
Putting his tool box down, he takes a hammer.
Then taps here and there and here.

“Ok try now.”
The guys at the engine room pull some levers and walla!
It is now working ﬁne.
The rich man asked, “how much?”
The man who everyone thought he is past his prime wrote on paper and past to
him.
“$1000?! Why? When you only tapped it with a hammer?”
The man took the paper back and wrote some more and gave it back to the rich
man.
The rich man laughed, slapped the man gently on the shoulder. He understood
and he was a fool to suddenly question what has built his empire.
He paid him without any more complaints.
What did he write?
$1 for using a hammer. $999 to know where to tap.
Let me give you some awesome, amazing examples who didn’t follow the societal
conditioning about “past your prime” belief…
1. Vera Wang, was a ﬁgure skater and a Journalist before entering the
fashion industry at…wait for it now…..aged 40. Today she’s one of the
world’s premier women’s designers.
2. Writer Harry Bernstein, who authored countless rejected books before
getting his ﬁrst hit at age 96.
3. Stan Lee. The Fantstic Four, just shy of his 39th birthday in 1969. In the
next few years, he created the legendary Marvel Universe…Spider-Man
and Xmen which became American Cultural Icon.
4. Donald Fisher was 40 and he had no experience in retail when he and his
wife Doris, opened the ﬁrst Gap Store in San Francisco in 1969.
5. Robin Chase cofounded Zipcar at age 42 in 2000. She left the company in
2011 and continues to do other amazing things in the world.
6. Jack Weil founded what became the most popular cowboy-wear brand,
Rockmount Ranch Wear at the age of was 45. He remained its CEO until
he died at the ripe old age of 107 in 2008.
7. Henry Ford was 45 when he created the revolutionary Model T car in
1908
Let me add one more probably some have forgotten about….
Charles Darwin spent most of his life as a naturalist who kept to himself, but
in 1859 at age 50 his "On the Origin of Species" changed the scientiﬁc
community forever.
So to your question…
If you want it to be part of your identity and belief system, you go and do that.
But for me, sometimes, you have to put your crown on and remind people who
they are dealing with. That’s how these people did it.
That is why I am excited about the future and my life.
The examples are there on why such phrase is really a state of mind.

What you see and believe is entirely up to you but always question where did that
belief really came from?
I know what I see.
I know what I believe.
I believe many years of succces and I am in my 40s, and I am blazing my own
path. I hope you do too, no matter of your age.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the happiest moment in your week?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Waking a through large forest ﬁlled with nothing but trees, planets and river
ﬂowing. All accepting me for who I am.
No labels and judgment.
Each step was like walking towards the heart of the universe.
Hearing the calmness and the birds singing, the trees whisper as their leaves
dance to new notes carried by the cool breeze.
To be able to just sit and watch the river stream ﬂow, unstoppable by the stones
and hearing nature create music. To be able to hear the pattern made on the
surface of the river by dragon ﬂies, the wind talking to the trees. Like a conductor
is waiting for the musician to get ready to play.
I could hear it all, like an organised symphony in harmony with everything
around me and without human control.
I saw a leaf ﬂoat down and I smiled as I watch it get carried away around the
rocks, under the bridge to dissappear wherever the river leads.
I gave a sigh because I wished someone I know was with me to experience it all.
To see the wonder hidden in the forest from the hustle and bustle of the modern
world that seems to decay slowly and yet, I see life, growing, expanding and doing
it’s own thing without our help.
I wish I could have stayed always there. Far away from everything. Far from
society, the noise, technology, the rules and just stay.
I was humbled and felt grateful.
I wished the person was here to experience it with me. I knew they’d love it too
and understand what I felt without me saying a word.
Because we know we are the same in many ways. Though distant apart in ages,
we’d feel the same.
Next time. Yes. Next time.
730 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend just wants to chat with me. She doesn't do any
girlfriend stuﬀ. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re mindset is this…
“How do I get her to do this and this, and this.”
You’re asking the wrong question.

I don’t need to be with a woman to make her heart race, her nipples erect and her
pussy dripping wet. The reason being is this..
When a man loves a woman, when he desires he, when he truly wants her, he
doesn’t ask how to get her to do something.
He knows she has a mind.
He knows she is a woman of intellect and emotions.
He knows how to converse in a manner that isn’t small talk but value that dances
with her intellect, her thoughts, her imagination, and he elevates her to feel
herself rise up in the sky, as the wind teases her hair, and runs around her thighs
and penetrates her deepest fantasies to come alive.
He cuts through the bullshit which amazes her, she is at awe of his courage and
she will also, if she is attracted to you - appreciate how conﬁdent you are, how
courageous you and and she can never, really, compare you to any man out there
and she…will 100% certainly know, experienced that no man she has ever met or
will ever meet can do that with her.
To such a state she is overwhelmed by the man she is sitting with or talking with,
or sending emails too.
She won’t know how he does what he does but whatever he is doing, she wants
more because no man on earth and all she has met…makes her feel this way. This
is when a woman knows that a man is a man, and a man who knows her, has too
the time to be honest to ask the questions he needed to.
She then knows, this is the man who cared enough, who took the time, who cut
through the bullshit, who shows what real love is and who helped love by doing
more than most men ever do.
He knows the most important thing is for him to make her feel unique, special,
and to show her this with sincerity, with conviction, that he has learned, he has
invested in knowing how to arouse her with just his words.
He cannot do that if he doesn’t know her.
He cannot do that if he doesn’t spend time asking the right questions with her.
He cannot do that if he is faking it, pretending, holding back.
He cannot do that if all the conversation is not real.
He knows how to connect with her at a deeper level, emotionally and
intellectually, in ways that she cannot help but to open up to him. He respects
her, he admires and loves her but not like putting her on a pedestal.
He isn’t afraid to say what he feels and doesn’t worry of loss. He knows when she
is out there, she ain’t going to ﬁnd what she has with him.
When he communicates, it is like a breath of fresh air. Like a build up of warm
energy caressing her kneck, teasing her earlobes to feel the amazing rush go from
her neck down her spine, up to her chest, down her belly, swirls around her thighs
and between her legs for her to close her eyes as she groans.
She longs for his ﬁrst touch willingly and she will even wrap her arms around
him.
So much so, he has to say “no, not yet…” and continues to increase the tension to
such a level, her heart is racing, her nipples are erect, her breathing gets deeper,
her body begins shudder, her legs open wide, her chest begins to expand to feel
the warm bright energy inside pounding her again and again.

She cannot control herself and she has to quench and satisfy her desire to touch
him, hold, him, kiss him, embrace him and ride him until she makes the bet sheet
wet…to do it all over again.
The man knew how to do this once…so he can can do it again and again…and she
will bathe it all without any shame because there’s nothing to be shamed about.
All that bullshit out is gone.
I disagree it is due to inexperienced alone. Maybe she is but that’s not here and
there if the woman is into her man.
It is not the woman who will lead in these matters.
They can talk big. They can talk like they do but when you dated many women
like me, you will see the truth of this matter.
That she has to be one helluva woman to lead when it comes to romance, physical
intimacy, sexual etc. That she is in a world where she is two women, wearing a
social mask all the time.
Cannot breathe and let go of showing her natural state but rather always afraid of
what others may think of her, what her relatives will think of her, what other
women and men will think of her, what society will think of her, what the coworkers will think of her.
And so, all the desires she so wants to happen and all those secrets are locked
within her for no one to know until she meets the person who she knows, she can
be the natural woman, the woman she always wanted to be without fear of being
judges, name called, pointed at, humilated and ostracised.
I have dated judges, police oﬃcers, doctors, fashion designers, models, coders
who can rip a code and build it up again with speed, and still, yes still, it is the
same consistent worry of these women. They can pretend, they can roar, they can
do whatever but the moment most step into society or moment with a man, well,
the roaring is like a squeak and it takes a man who knows to ﬁnd her roar, for her
to know..
“You are my equal. I fear not you are lioness. Roar. It does not intimidate me and
nor will your darkest secrets and deepest desires worry me.”
But still, everso cautiously most women live until behind closed doors, the sex
toys are out, the vibrators are out, the inihitions are gone, the fantasies ﬂying sky
high and yet….behind closed doors, far away, in secret from out there because out
there is a world that judges.
Even the most conﬁdent women I have met, who will make most women blush
and think “Holy Shit,” desire a man who knows what he wants and knows how to
get what wants with discretion…and…by making her….FEEL…AROUSED…..feel
her pussy dripping wet and she will then behave in a manner without him
wanting her to do this and that, and this.
So then, what FEELING, what state of mind you want her in?
She’s not a robot.
She’s not someone to poke and she suddenly opens her legs and says..
“COME ON BABY! GIVE ME NOW! I WANT IT!”
She’s a human being, with a mind, a heart, emotions, feelings, thoughts. She’s a
woman with feelings. She’s a woman with desires but if a man doesn’t have the
experience, the knowledge, the skill and understanding who he is dating, he
won’t know how to do what I am saying.
If I said to you what state of mind you desire her to be in….

What would you say?
If I asked any man right with a dick and sex drive, what state of mind he desires
his girlfriend, his lover, his wife to be in, they’d say..
“She’s aroused - turned on, desiring me, her nipples erect, her tongue licking her
lips, lusting for me, her pussy dripping wet. She want it. She is turned on. She’s so
aroused she is unzipping you already, right there and then. She is on the phone.
She is calling. She is texting, shaing all her dreams, her passion, her goals and she
is saying…I WANT YOU…INSIDE ME!”
If a woman was feeling these emotions and it’s in her mind…do you think you
need to even tell her how to behave?
Of course not.
You want her when you meet her she is all over you.
You want her to smile, embracing you.
You want her to do this and that.
But it’s not like that when it comes to relationships.
You got to rekindle the ﬁre, always stir, always build up attraction, always build
up comfort, always make her feel unique, special as she does same with you.
It’s not one way but when you do it right, holy shit mate, they run to you, embrace
you, want to talk with you, want to hold you, want to be naked sitting next to you,
snuggling as you both watch something on TV.
You’d even wake up one morning and she’s already giving you blow job and riding
you, because she cannot have enough of you.
That’s when you ﬁgure this out
Your question must always be..
How can I get her to the state of mind ﬁrst.
She has to FEEL the lust, FEEL the desire, FEEL and IMAGINE it in her mind.
I mean she is becomes the natural woman, the woman who removes the shackles
of fear, of being terriﬁed due to being judged, pointed at for her sexuality and
becomes the natural woman who is over ﬂowing with lust and she is comfortable,
knowing she can be whatever she desires, down right dirty, down right sexy,
down right hot for her man to rip her clothes oﬀ, and unzip you while you wonder
what the hell has just happened, and KNOWING you won’t judge her.
But she can’t.
She can’t because you don’t know how to do it.
You probably showed example already of being judgmental with your passiveaggressive behaviour and lack of conﬁdence in such matters.
You don’t know how to capture her emotions, lead her imaginations because you
never, given enough time to know learn how to.
To do so, a man must be like a lion. Conﬁdent in who he is. Certain of who he is
and has done so from day one, from the moment she connected with the man.
This will repeat itself time and time again, not just with her but with every
girlfriend you have until you learn it.
Don’t ask how to get her to do this or that.

If you ask such a question then there is no doubt in my mind that you are creating
a dull and boring state.
Ask yourself how can you move her state of mind to feel alive, aroused, excited
that she is so over ﬂowing with lusty desire. For her to feel so comfortable and
aroused to text you or talk to you on the phone to say..
“I am naked in bed and thinking of all the naughty things I want to do with you…
when we meet again..”
When you get this from your girlfriend…THEN you have asked the right question
and you have focused on her and not on…how do I get her to do this and that.
You know how do to make her feel alive, aroused, excited, lustful, pussy dripping
wet. You have engaged her emotionally and intellectually. You have challenged
her to grow with you. You haven’t played safe.
You have excited her and some of it will also be admiration about.
AND..
She will love you for being the man who knows what he wants and knows how to
get what he wants while..she can be herself, whenever she wants…with you.
If you really love a woman, you’d learn how to do what I said because what
woman doesn’t want her man to make her feel special, unique, amazing, sexy,
excited instead of bored?
And please don’t fall for this crap it is not our job to make anyone happy.
I didn’t talk about happy.
I didn’t say make someone happy.
If someone don’t want to learn then please, stop bitching and leave it alone. Some
of us men learnt and didn’t see the world for what we want it to be but for what is
really is.
I am talking about attraction.
I am talking about excitement.
I am talking about feeling aroused.
I am talking about she feels her man desires her, knows how to show it in…her…
emotional…language and her intellectual language too.
I am talking about a deep emotional and intellectual connection with a woman
one loves and dates, and is in relationship with.
3k Views · View Upvoters

My new fwb gave me herpes, but he did not know he had it
because he is asymptomatic. How should I have told him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re doing the right thing with distancing yourself for a while with him. It
happens when you have feelings with someone even a fuckbuddy.
It’s natural and it’s emotional.
You probably like myself, who like to avoid social norm, traditional relationships
but still desire to be in a sexual loving relationship, embracing the emotions,
feelings and desire the intimacy.
Maybe he didn’t know or did know, you’ll never know yourself.

All you know is you got it and need to go and sort that out. He also needs to sort
himself out and be more responsible.
For now, keep distance, back oﬀ as you are and then focus on yourself. You don’t
have to have one fuckbuddy and it’s best to have options but making sure the
lovers are tested, have sorted themselves out and responsible.
There is nothing in what you did or said. You needed to say it and if he is not
phased by it or is, it’s neither here and there now.
Just distance yourself. I know it won’t be easy, especially when you desire your
lover’s aﬀection and want to be intimacy etc.
It’s understandable but yes, back oﬀ and then zone in on your life, expand your
relationships further with other lovers. It helps to have options and I always have
options because while one lover is sorting themselves out, or busy, whatever the
reason maybe…I have other lovers to be with.
All the best.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I stop being a loner at school?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not a slut. You’re not a whore. You’re not too easy. These are labels. These
are inventions. These were invented to make people scared to be who they ware,
do whatever they desire to do.
These such as shame regarding sex, modesty is an invention to make you feel
ashamed about the most natural thing in the world.
All socially constructed to make you feel fear, ashamed, insecure and hiding from
who you naturally are. To control society and so people adopt these beliefs to try
and control others due to their own insecurities.
You are not deﬁned by these labels and the perception of other people and by
their own behaviour, ignorance, insecurities and fears.
You are a girl and with your own mind, and the other girls who call you that and
anyone else, are ONLY fearing you, jealous of you, because you do what they
haven’t the backbone to do.
Being themselves.
Not easy to do you know and you are doing it so well.
That is something to be proud of and you’re going to need it more than ever when
you meet the world because you don’t want to do suddenly make friends, to ﬁt in,
to be accepted but to attract people to you by being who you are.
They are so scared to even talk to guys and so by belittling you, they make you
self conscious and then you start thinking you’re this and that, and this.
The reason why women and girls use this word is to get rid you so they have a
BETTER chance of getting these guys.
Get it now?
These are type of women you’ll see also in the world when you meet it. A world
ﬁlled with guys who call you slut, whore, too easy because they couldn’t get into
your pants while a guy like me will walk away, not judge you for saying no and
more on to another girl.

The women who you will meet who call other women sluts, whores, too easy are
the one’s who also desire such men, and also live a bitter life, and also come with
their own perception but behind closed doors, believe me, they’d be doing all
kinds of kinky stuﬀ to make hardcore movies look like a pathetic lame ass video.
They’d be the women who buy 50 shades of grey.
They’d be the women who fantasize and wish a man did all that to them but they
know they will never come close to doing so, because they fear ALSO being called
a slut, whore, too easy due to them wanting to ﬁt in, being approved, and fall for
the same old cycle manipulation, social conditioning that makes people feel
ashamed on the most natural thing in world called sex.
And yet, they use it as a trophy.
They use it like some sacriﬁcial oﬀering.
They use it like it’s all who they are.
They even say “he used me” when they got what they wanted, sex and all the rest
because he left to do same to another girl, another woman.
There is so much you need to know, so much you need to learn and I cannot share
it all here unfortunately. But read all my answers. Read, learn, open your mind
and see the world you are about to meet and be ready.
Be stronger. Be smarter. Be who you desire to be.
Own your shit. Own who you are and let no one say who you are and do whatever
you desire to do. Never mind these girls but know you will meet many like them
in this world and you will be ready for them.
You are the girl who I will have my eyes on if I was still studying in school.
You will be the girl who I’d like to know. You’ll be the girl I’d get turned on by due
to your intellect, your smartness and sexiness, and conﬁdence in being able to
approach and talk to guys.
You are the girl, I would approach because I know you.
Yes, I know you because I have dated many who think they are loners, from
young to older, from 18 to 40.
You may behave as some loner but I know, deep inside there are two women
inside you. The woman who feels she has to hide herself, her sexuality, her
desires, her fantaizes and she cannot just go oﬀ telling anyone even her parents,
even her closest friends what she would love to do with a guy, and all those things
she hides in her head and pretends.
The woman who has dreams, goals and ambitions but knows she faces a world
that speaks about equality and yet, women have to work hard to get promoted, to
get recognised, to get even to the top, clawing their way up and if she does get
there, they’d still think it was because she slept around, got pussy, ass, tits and
not because of her brains, he knowledge and skills to do the job better than most
around her. So you hide, you believe the lie you are loner, that the world is not for
you, that you don’t ﬁt in when really..it is the world who has yet to grow and ﬁt in
with you!
The other woman inside you, is the NATURAL woman. The natural, the wild, the
smart, the fury, the girl who can take the world on. The woman who wants all you
desire, all you dream about, all that your heart yearns for.
She whispers, she speaks, she screams and tells you to let her out. That she wants
freedom. That she has had enough holding back and she wants to feel all and
experience all, and doesn’t care about these inventions, these labels, these

insecurities, these opinions because they don’t matter. What matters is her
desires, and she wants to live them NOW, embrace them NOW and be a warrior
NOW and to ensure no one deﬁnes her with any labels.
That you desire to communicate, to be respected, to be acknowledge, to be seen,
to be heard, to be noticed, to feel special, unique and that’s what you are.
You’re not a loner.
You’re an individual with you’re own values and who has her own way, own path,
own thinking and own way of doing things.
Greater men and women have walked your path. They didn’t need lots of friends.
They didn’t need all most worry about to be great inventors, scientists, artists to
even make the world go on it’s knees to acknowledge them.
They but believed in themselves and deﬁnes themselves as what they thought
they are and not by what the world thinks.
It takes attitude and the charisma to put your middle ﬁnger at the world and
embrace who you are and as you do, they will do to you as they do to me.
Like dark beats, snarling and snapping at your feet but you will stand tall and you
will laugh, and you will be calm to see these beast turn into cowards, and puppies
that yelp and run away with their tails behind their legs.
That includes men and women who try that with you but you must own who you
are, embrace who you aren and be ready for that world to come.
Because school is but a small tiny reﬂection of the world out there and if you
cannot take it in school, you won’t out there.
You know you can. You know you got it in you.
You’re like me years ago.
1. I value who I am and those arounds me. So they better get their shit
together or fuck oﬀ and hang around somewhere else, with people who
want labels and do things for labels.
2. I value conﬁdence and high self esteem, high sexual, so if someone going
to call me a player they can crawl back to their hole they came from.
3. I value someone who just wants to be themselves, but if you’re so
bothered about what others think, you will never be yourself with me, so
go and join the meat chain of social norm and traditions, and believe all
the lies they tell you about yourself. Maybe open an instagram account
and show the world your life is so hot, when it is crumbling down.
Maybe why I attract lots of younger women as an older guy because even when I
am older guy, I am the symbol of freedom, the courage most dream of, the liver of
life most only fantasize about, the one who says what I desire openly, directly,
and most wish they could - and I didn’t need a hundred people being in my gang
either to be who I am.
I just needed me, my brains and my vision.
They ignore you because they cannot understand why you won’t change to be in
their little pincy world because everyone else does it.
They ignore you because they want everyone to be like them, follow the crowd,
ring a ring a roses, full of poses, attishoo, attishoo and they all fall down.
They ignore you because they come from a world in which they got to pull
someone down to feel good.

They ignore. They point. They label. They isolae. They judge. They are scared and
immature.
Is this what you really want to be part of? That crap?
Lift your head up high.
You got a lot to be proud of and a lot to raise your head up for.
You go and talk to the guys and put a middle ﬁnger in your mind at whoever
thinks whatever about you. Fuck them!
They are not important and won’t be when school ﬁnishes as they realise they
were in a tiny…tiny..pound and now…there are prettier girls than them, sexier,
hotter, cleverar and more manipulative than they ever would be.
It is a OCEAN than the pond they came from.
The school is this small little bubble world.
It is so tiny and you think that all your life is shaped there but really, when you go
out in the world, then you can ﬁnd many events, many meetups, many things
around your passion to meet so many people just like…yourself.
Smart
Intelligent
Thinks alot
Has a lot to say if people will get to know you
Exciting if people just get to know you
Fantasizes. Yes you do. Don’t bullshit me.
Creative in your own ways
Longing to be loved, recognised and for people to just say HELLO!
For a guy to see you from inside and “hey, I saw you and wanted to say
hi.”
So do whatever you want.
Make the decision. Take the good and bad. Own it all.
You see, if you even dress up, look hot and all that, and you haven’t this attitude,
you will always ﬁnd yourself not being liked.
You need to embrace who you are.
Have that attitude, the charisma that you believe in yourself and no one deﬁnes
who you are. Or you will always FEEL as loner because you’re trying to ﬁt in this
box of someone else’s expectations.
Self improvement, self development is ﬁne but you need to do it for the right
reasons. To achieve your goals in life, what YOU want to be and not what others
expect you to be to be liked, approved and accepted.
So don’t call yourself a loner because of other people’s expectations and
behaviour. There are enough labels as it is in society.
You don’t need to add one more on yourself.
Just go and say hi to whoever you want.
You want to hang around guys, hang around them and don’t take on the labels
people throw at you.

Find what you’re into and go there, where many do the same and get good at what
you love doing.
It be same thing, same attitude, same approach when you meet the big wide
world and school becomes a faded memory.
So you’re not a loner.
You’re someone who has better taste than most.
Someone who likes to take her time knowing who is who.
Very good traite and quality in a world that loves to follow each other and fall for
then perception they see.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should I continue our marriage for the sake of our son?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I didn’t want to answer this question.
I didn’t because it was going to hurt. It’s going to bring up a lot of memories but I
had to because of your son.
In a way, by replying I see also I’ve come a long way.
I was that son.
I was this young boy in same situation.
You think children don’t know? You really think even when I was a young boy I
didn’t know what was going on?
I felt it. You don’t have to say anything and pretend. We feel the vibe. We feel the
energy. We feel it all but we don’t say anything. We don’t say anything because
when we are that young we are so wishing it’s not true.
I felt it and so did my 4 sisters and brother.
The environment was toxic.
Always something to argue about. Always something to shout about. Or it is this
eery silence and we never see mum and dad hug, smile, loving each other. There
was never a time when I was asked about my report card from school.
They were so busy with all the arguments, winning arguments and trying to hide
it all from us that they didn’t see I was going through hell in school. They didn’t
even notice the bruises I had from ﬁghts I was going through with bullies and
some ﬁghts I won, some I lose to protect my brothers and sisters, and myself.
I sometimes wonder even now, how on earth did I survive it all and many other
things way back home before I came to England to meet my parents. I thought I’d
come to a safe home, a family, parents loving to meet their lost son.
I can’t remember a time when they hugged, kissed and laughter together. There is
not one memory I can muster in my mind. Not once did I see that.
Kind of throws that stuﬀ about how people from broken families grow up to be
messed up. Not always. I grow up to be wiser than most men and women,
knowledgeable and probably it is why I can answer and solve many issues when it
comes to dating, relationship, sex and life in general.
But it was there. That part where I could have lost my way so easily. It was so easy
for me at such a young age to be lost in the crowd.

Thing is, all I could think of is my sisters and brothers. That if I lose it, then who
they got. My parents already kind of lost it and so if I lose it too, then who is going
to run the family, manage everything and make sure they are ok?
You think it doesn’t do something to a child?
I’ll share with you what it does.
It made me unhappy. It made me afraid. It made me as a young boy lose hope. It
made me back then wanted to spit on love for what it is. I believed then, love was
a bitch, a monster, cruel in all it’s ways.
A fucking monster, is what I thought it was.
I thought back then love was controlling, cowardice, lies, possessive, jealous,
controlling, manipulating. I thought love was nothing but lies, pretending, fears
and nothing else but that.
That’s what I saw from two who I admired and loved.
Maybe because I held parents as human beings who were perfect. Maybe it was
because I thought they could do no wrong.
If love was real I would have choked it to death, stamped on it a million times,
took it by the forelock and burnt it to the ground and not even once, would I feel
any compassion as it screamed to live.
You now how long it took for me to realise, what I saw called love wasn’t love?
A long time of self development, hundreds after hundreds of books, travelling the
world and having to see it for what it is in loving families, loving people and that
these two people didn’t know what it was?
I didn’t even know therapy existed. I had to ﬁgure out everything myself. I had to
be my own doctor, the therapist and then patiant at the same time. It had to be
hush, hush, for me to keep it all inside like everything is ok when I meet the
world.
But my studies was suﬀering and no one could help.
Teachers didn’t give a damn. They didn’t care if letters weren’t replied when they
sent home and my parents were too busy battling it out between themselves.
I used to wonder if they knew what love is or that somehow, down the road they
forgotten that it needs help.
No. I wish they divourced long ago.
I wished they just split up, divourced, and just did what they thought we as
children weren’t strong enough for.
We were strong, we can take anything but it’s adults that use to think we can’t.
Adults always trying to tell us what we can’t do. Adults telling us who we can’t
date. Adults tellus we are too young but look at adults today!
Look at the wars they create. Look at the devastation they create. Look at the dark
and evilness they create. That’s not children.
That’s adults and that’s our example of maturity?
Look at political campaigns. Adults. Look at how they down each other and lie to
us and expect is to grow up like that?
We weren’t stupid. Sure, maybe there was so much yet to learn but we knew what
was going on. We felt it and we always seem to be seen as children, weak, cannot
take this or that.

We’re strong!
You throw us around at the mercy and whims of strangers called teachers.
You throw us in there, all alone, in a jungle, ﬁlled with bullies, and all kinds of
social pressures and no one tells us how the hell to survive from that lot of crap.
We are being shoved with someone else’s stories, someone else’s expectations,
someone else’s goals, someone else’s way of what success if and what failure is.
No one tell us if there is a way out of this craziness and hell?
But we do ﬁnd a way out.
We do plan in our mind for the future
We do say, “when I grow up I will leave this nest and not come back again and no
one is going to tell me how I should live. Not one adult. No one!”
We leave school and we move on and sure, some get scarred for a lot longer but
we still standing. We still strong. We still make it from that shit hole everyone
calls school. Filled with judging, squeezing the life out of us, killing our dreams,
indentities, and we walk away sometimes not knowing who we are, where we are
going or what the hell do we do next.
And much of what we learn means fuck all in real life.
We didn’t learn how to socialise, build connections, conversation skills and the
many things we needed to succeed out there.
Parents could have helped us because school wasn’t going to do that but they
were too busy pretending, lying and doing all sorts.
So we expect when we get back home, parents got their shit together.
We expected the place we go home to is safe. The place we know we can feel safe
is home. That this place made sense than anything out there in the world.
That at home we can get what we can’t out there.
But…we didn’t.
I didn’t.
That’s the point isn’t it?
Parents?
You protect us. You’d make us feel safe. That the environment is a place where
can grow, we can be who we are, we can believe in ourselves, we can do what we
get drained out of us in school and wherever we go in society.
When I was young, I didn’t see courage when needed.
Oh sure, they were courageous on all kinds of things. Takes guts leaving your
country so young, coming to a new country, facing racism and all sorts, and
ﬁnding work, and building a home and family. Takes guts having to pay bill after
bills, making things stay a ﬂoat. Sure we understood this.
But that’s not what I’m talking about.
I’m talking about two adults who got to understand something.
The moment you had kids, the moment my dad and mum had us, it wasn’t about
them anymore.
It was about us.
But we were never in the picture until it was too late.

If it wasn’t for me, the eldest, who got blamed for everything, but took it upon
himself to be the dark horse, so I can shelter the rest, my sisters and brothers
won’t be tall, ﬁne, strong, and making things happen in their life.
I made sure they knew the world.
I made sure they had the answers to all they wanted.
I made sure to be the master, the man who knew all or as much as possible. That
is why people today, come to me for knowledge on a lot of things even sex, even
dating, even women because I HAD TO KNOW for real for my brothers and
sisters.
I had to be the dad and the mother, and the brother, and the teacher, and more.
But I was the one who got fucked up for a while because I lost my childhood.
I didn’t have time to play football! I didn’t have time to be a boy. I didn’t have time
to do what all the children did. I didn’t even have time to be with friends, go out,
meet friends at their house.
I was so mature and if you saw me at age 15, you’d think I was a man already, and I
was talking, walking, doing what men do and what some weren’t eve capable of
doing because I had to learn fast.
I had to for my sisters and brothers.
Someone had to be the adult in family and someone I suppose had to be the one
who got blamed for everything that went wrong.
It only needed two people, mum and dad to see that when they got children, it’s
not about them anymore.
Because of that, there was always this thing, like a wall between me and my
parents. It was always diﬃcult to know them. Always trying my best to break that
wall down but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t.
I solved many problems. I solved the most complicated relationship problens. I
can approach women and make their pussy wet. I can get women to tell me they
want me to fuck them in many ways. I can do this and more!
I can handle then most diﬃcult scum bag with calmness.
You can put me in a company that is going down and I will built it up to sky high.
You can put me on a stage ﬁlled with thousands of people and I will talke to
inspire the lot of them. I can run circles with people who got degress in business
managemnent, marketing and sales.
But this, this… I couldn’t solve this between my mum, dad and me.
I couldn’t bring this wall wall they put in the middle, down.
I devourced so many books on psychology and personalities, and would stay up
for hours on end till my eyes felt heavy. Till the birds began to sing.
I still couldn’t ﬁnd the way and I was running out of time.
I couldn’t because you can’t help people who don’t want to be helped and parents
sometimes, like us who grow up as adults, can be stubborn. We think we know
best. We think children are wrong, not wise and parents know it all.
I only found out how amazing my parents were when they were gone.
Only when I saw their old photos resurfaced that I saw them. I wish I was part of
what I saw. I wish I was part of those days of smiles, laughter, fun and when they

were young. But they showed us love in their own way and I wish I knew a lot of
things but I learnt it all far too late.
If they just split up, divourced, if they just thought of us, if they just did that…
maybe, it would have been diﬀerent.
Maybe their bitterness would be so great.
But it was too late.
Mum died this year.
I only knew this year in all the time I knew her how she was helping people
around the world, saving people, being there for people. I saw only then, the good
in her, the love she had in her and then I began to see how she showed it to us.
Much of the things I thought I didn’t see, began to appear but it was too late.
I can’t now go to my mum and just talk, hug her, smile, laugh. She is gone.
Dad is going too. He’s old, tired, getting ill even faster.
And him, well, I ﬁgured him out at last but it’s just not the same. Now I am
burdened with loss of my own mother and carry that with me and all the
memories.
I can’t show her what I succeeded in. I hid it all because much of my life was
about doing things against the belief they believe in, relion, cultures. So I had to
hide it all but if I knew which I found out much later, mum didn’t care about
people anyway, social norms, and she looked up to me, I would have shown her
what I did.
But I found out far too late.
On the positive side, I grew strong, wild, adventerous, a man, disciplined,
because I had to be as a young child and so I grew up as such.
But always, there was just that part, if I could just get this working with me, my
dad and mum, get that rift away, break that wall down….I could get along with
both of them instead of being in the middle.
No matter how hard I tried, it didn’t happen. No matter how understanding I
tried to be, no matter what I achieved, it wasn’t enough.
Their bitterness between each other, just won’t let it happen.
If they but knew, when you have children, it’s not about them anymore.
When you’re mum dies, it is like a connection gone. It’s very diﬀerent with a
father. You was born in her womb and I am the ﬁrst, the eldest.
When a mother dies, it hits the eldest so deep, you would not believe and while
others may have healed, he or she carries that feeling and does not know what to
do with it.
In all the knowledge I have learnt, in knowing what I can do, this is the pain now I
cannot resolve and no therapist is going to solve it.
I will solve it one day, somehow.
Don’t let your son experience that.
Now it is about his safety, his mind, his spirit, his soul, his intelligence, his life.
It’s about never letting the bitterness if there is any, talk bad about each other, to
create the wall he cannot bring down.
Don’t let it be too late for him to see the love from you and always talk good about
his dad. That was something that I hated the most. Hearing them bickering about

each other because in doing so, it is also digging into me.
I am them. I am their son and from their blood and if they dig at each other, they
also do so with me. Like I am a mistake because they saw each other as one.
That they were arrange married very young and a mistake, and so every word on
mistake, this and that hits the child they are one too.
I was fortunate in that I grew with wisdom, knowledge up to my eyeballs, and
read tons of books. I became known and nick named as the Master.
Today, men and women who know me out there call me the Master. It’s not Adam
Taha but Master. Due to knowledge and because my house is ﬁlled with people
asking question. Everywhere I go it is now like this but none can see me seeing
my mum and dad standing before me in the crowd.
Seeing one thing I could not solve and was too late to do so.
I read tons, lived my life, travelled, did things most can only dream of doing but I
will always feel I failed at this one thing,
I ran out of time.
Don’t let your son go through that.
It is most toughest, painful heartwrenching road to be on. I was strong, mighty
strong or I would have been like most who grow up. Lost. Yes, I went through
hostels, moving from one place to another but I was strong.
You’re son might not be that strong because where I came from, was no paradise
but a fucking war zone, everyday so I had to be tough. I had to ﬁgure it out or I
would have been at the mercy of drugs, and all sorts most fall for.
I didn’t. I was strong.
That’s the world waiting for your son but it doesn’t have to be that way.
He can see a father and mother make the right decision and still be loving, show
no bitterness between each other.
When one has a child, it’s not about mum and dad anymore.
It’s about the son too and his welfare, and his future, and his mind.
He is strong enough to take it if you break up and divource. All he needs is love
and and to not be used as a pawn.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What are some examples of how a couple sabotages their
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Possessiveness. It has many faces. It comes with controlling every
aspect of a lovers life to also jealousy. It is unhealthy which leads to the
following….
2. Physical Abuse. You’re always walking on eggshells because you know
the one you’re with is physically abusive. They will lose their temper on
anything like being late etc. It can also lead to being marked by physical
abuse such as shoving, punching or slapping, bitiing, yelling, cursing
and other forms of verbal abuse. See point 3…
3. Verbally Abusive. Negative comments which can lower your self esteem
and conﬁdence. These can range from consistent saracam, questioning
your career choices and ability, very critical remarks; to make you feel

worthless, and to such you think you’ll even believe no one else will love
you. So damaging your self esteem real bad.
4. Jealousy. The person is socialising or talking to a woman/man or even
ﬂirting, and suddenly the jealousy kicks in. Or you’re with relatives and
family, or some co-worker is being a close friend, or texts from friends at
late night or whenever, and it sparks the partner to get jealous with how
you spend time with so, so etc cetre. Creating drama.
5. Being Disrespectful. Making negative comments, being rude, making
joke remarks that hurt, commenting on their past relationship and
choices in a negative light. Making fun in bad taste in front of their
friends and relatives about them.
6. Manipulation. Saying you’ll leave them to scare them. Talking about
other ex’s and lovers to create fear of loss. Self injury and suicide threats.
Hounding the person, creating drama, and trying to isolate them from
friends, relatives and social circles so their partner spends more time
with them.
7. Controlling. Trying to control their phone, their life, their social life,
their ﬁnances, and managing all aspects or some aspects of their life.
Choking the freedom out of the person.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Monica Rogers

What diﬀerent kinds of PMs do you get on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Oct 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First the positive..I get a lot of theses.
Far too many to put here but I have messages from people got their relationship
sorted, to guys getting back with ex girlfriends, to guys having attracted their
girlfriends and knowing what to do next, to someone having their ﬁrst sex but
didn’t know what but found out to guys who go to night clubs but felt something
was missing and found out why, ﬁxed it due to the answers they have read.
Here are some out of so many. I have blocked their photo and names:

And these

Now the negative dark side of the internet.
When you step put out of the crowd, when you do your own thing, live by your
own terms, you will always also attract lots of negativity too. I see them as folks
with low self esteem, low self image. So it is not for me to hit back at them.
Maybe they had a bad day. Maybe they fucking hate people anyway. Maybe they
came from some hard time family or they got a disorder. Maybe Jealous. Maybe
they don’t believe because you can’t if you’re life as no self reference.

So I reply to educate instead of lowering myself to their level, bitterness and envy,
or whatever is going in their lives like this..

Can you control your own emotional state – is that even possible?
Yes you can. You cannot leave your feelings to chance. When you want to succeed
anywhere, especially when it comes to dating, you must know how to control
your state of mind. This guy does not know how to control his state of mind and
yet…he is giving advise on dating.
You know a person not in easy times but when conﬂict kicks oﬀ and that is when
the true character of a person is revealed. Most guys fail due to this when girls
start doing all sorts of shit and get needy.
They cannot control their state of mind. You cannot leave your emotions to
chance, your feels to easily control you.
People will always try to pull you into their state of frame, their reality but if
you’re state of frame is solid, you’re reality stands. Theirs crumbles.
That’s why I also disable my comments. I do not have time with endless debates.
Here’s another one…

I also explain I can’t help him get a girlfriend but to follow the path I followed,
with knowledge, understanding, practice, and realising it will take time for him
due learning and growth.
Many promise the world but I need people to know they will need to put the work
in, learn or forget it. There is no secret bullet..and if he wants my time, pay up. Or
read the answers on quora’s and leave it at that.
I have written tons of detailed answers on dating and relationship subjects. One
can just read instead of hiring me for my time. It’s ﬁne. I’m cool with that.
His reply..

I have tons of these but I can’t be assed doing screenshots of such negative
messages.
So I get lots of positive messages, far too many to put here - people also who
appreciate what it takes to know what I know and to gain the experience.
The key I ﬁnd is live by your rules and..
“it's not what happens to you but how you react to it that matters..”
Like you would in the real world.
Internet just a reﬂection, a mirror of the world we live in.
You’ll get it all and faster when it’s online and no one has your back. That’s why I
disable the comment.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My bf broke up with me last week. We work in the same oﬃce.
How can I pretend like the break up did not aﬀect me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t pretend. You are at this moment because you’re trying too hard on
someone who isn’t interested in you.
Your feelings are real.
Embrace them and then don’t bother with him for a while with sending him stuﬀ
he might be interested and all that.
Instead, focus on yourself. Yes, on you. You focus on the job at hand, if he’s
around say hello but then focus on your work.
Then when you have ﬁnished, go home, get something to eat, hit the shower and
when it’s days like friday, saturday…let your hair down and go and have fun.
Spend the time on you and not on him.
It’s called moving on.
It’s not awkward. It’s real life.
Embrace your feelings, you broke up and smile. Relax at work, do your thing and
also to never date someone at work.
The saying goes..
Don’t shit so close to home. This is why you don’t.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it really mean if your girlfriend is letting you know
on how other guys are trying so hard to get her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is testing your frame to see if she has made good on her decision. And you are
being passive-aggressive to let her do that due to fear of losing her.

It’s ok to say you don’t like it.
Communicate talk.
Many guys suddenly start acting all needy when shit like that happens because
some guy, or because they might lose her.
If it’s bothering you, you let her know her behaviour is something that doesn’t
phase you and you don’t like it.
You don’t have to be cruel in doing it. Growth is something we all need if we
desire to grow. You just be calm and just say in a light hearted manner..
Girl - and he calls me and blah bla
You - That happened to you too? Wow. I thought I was the only one getting girls
doing this to me. My God! What is the world coming to these days. Huh? (then
grin and wink)
She’ll get the message and it be fun if you make it fun, don’t make it serious like
you’re attacking her.
Like I said, we all make mistakes. We all have some habits that really can self
sabotage us in many ways. We all come with some thinking in how to get what we
want but we cannot read minds.
What we can do is say how we feel and let go of the fear of loss. We got to be true
to ourselves or we will lose ourselves because we are not being genuine in who we
are. Why? Due to fear of loss.
If she keeps doing it then she doesn’t really care about your feelings.
I only have to say this once and the women most of time don’t realise it, maybe
not experienced enough, maybe young, maybe older but not wiser, maybe a lot of
things but I make sure I say what I feel.
I do it calmly, with wisdom and with fun too.
I’m not doing it to attack. I do it so we can grow and learn together. I do it so I
show I have self love and I also respect myself and I do want to know her. That
this conversation is between two people…not 3.
I know someone cares about my feels when I say it light heartedly and they stop
doing it. I observe and see, when I say it calmly and in a fun way. If she does care
about the guy she is dating she will realise and she will stop doing it.
She will even say she won’t do it anymore.
There, this woman who says that is gold.
This woman is someone who shows she cares. This woman has seen it’s not
beneﬁcial for both of you and relationship she is in with you. She shows maturity
and shows she really cares to get closer with you.
I admire a woman who desires to grow and it is such women I learn a lot from too.
One, which is humility.
So hold your frame,
Be calm. Like a strong oak, rooted, even if wind come to blow and storms, the oak
tree stands strong against autumn, winter, summer and spring. It knows many
will pass by not just one person. Many.
So don’t be like some men who fear loss and not live in plane of abundance. You
sound young or inexperience in years and have haven’t dated many girls.

Don’t let her push your state of mind and frame due to fear of losing her. We all
make mistakes in relationships. We all do somethings stupid for many reasons
like insecurities and so forth.
But you never lose a woman you never had.
Women are not properties.
They are not objects.
They are not animals you cage and control.
They are free like Eagles soaring the sky. They are free as men are.
You can also say what you’re boundaries are calmly and let them know this is
something you don’t appreciate and like when they are with you, dating you,
communicating with you.
That’s not insecure and don’t let anyone say it is.
It’s your values. It’s your boundaries and so she respects it and you also ﬁnd out
hers and respect her boundaries too.
So don’t get your state of frame rattled like some scared boy who fears of losing a
girl and thinks it’s a message she is falling for some guy.
Probably guy doesn’t even exist and if he did but whatever the reason, if she
leaves then…
So what?
Let’s get real here shall we?
It’s not like you two going to walk the aile, get married, have 4 children, and end
up with a white picket fence?
If you’re worried about one girl walking away because of some other guy, then the
problem isn’t the other guy or even the girl. The problem is you got her on a
pedestal to say how you feel.
The problem is long before she ever came into you life.
All of which makes you scared of losing her.
You’re going to see girls walk away from you all the time mate.
It happens.
If you don’t like something, speak up.
Don’t be passive-aggressive.
She leave or don’t leave, you always speak up. Being passive-aggressive, timid,
fearing losing girls doesn’t get you to grow nor her.
You got no control over one leaving.
The other guy if he exist will have no control over that either.
Guess what?
This girl you’re with has also no control over you leaving her too! So if you know
you can do better, do better.
Now let her know. Communicate. Talk.
21 Views · View Upvoters

How do you raise a boy to be an Alpha male?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You would do the following:
1. Love him for the way he is
2. Set an example yourself in being a natural leader as a natural leader
would not ask these questions. He’d already know the answer.
3. You read lots of books about leadership
4. You read lots of books about self conﬁdence
5. You empathise with your son and be a good listener
6. You lead in your own life and let him see how you impact then lives of
others with positivity, value, compassion and investing back into the
community
7. You raise yourself from the ashes of medicority and yet with
understanding the world as it is and not what you desire it to see or be,
and get to work to make yourself not a person of success but of value.
8. You spend time in enjoying his activities he likes
9. You spend time in enjoying his ﬂaws and encouraging him with love,
understanding that he is an amazing son, bright, intelligent, and
whatever he does you will always be proud of him
10. You show love to the lovers you are with and he sees it. He learns what
true love is and not the usual fake kind of love.
11. You show patience when all are losing their heads
12. You show empathy to others while others scorn them, and reach out your
hand to help them back up.
13. You be the rising example in his life and you leave the door open, for
whenever he is inspired by you, or anything, to come and ask questions
about all kinds of things.
14. That he can approach you on all kinds of questions without fear of being
shouted and judged, and belittled because he’s young.
15. Walk with him, take him to places, let him see you socialise,
communicate, converse, obsering how you do. let him shadow you in
ways it is fun and let him absorb it all but also…let him have his freedom
to grow.
16. Find out what he is into and participate and be part of his world. It may
not be as big and ﬁlled with lots of responsibilities. Nevertheless is it his
world, it is important to him and for him to want you to be part of it and
seeing you engage in it is a lesson of a leader.
Then not you shall be the highest of Alpha’s in which..
He doesn’t see an Alpha.
He sees someone he admires and loves.
For the Alpha is one who makes those around them feel they are special, unique,
loved and one, as family, comrads, friends and uniﬁed even if each one has a
purpose of their own.
The Alpha creates an environment and that is all he or she does. So much so, the
word itself is not heard, not spoken of but seen in one’s traite. It is forgotten and
fades aways for all to see a caring, strong, loving, servant leader.

A leader who creates an environment in which if one desires to be a painter, a
writer, a singer, a leader, whatever, they can be because here in this place is
someone who believes in them with all their hards.
And if he fails, IF he fails, he knows without the shadow of doubt, the one closest
to him will not see him as a failure.
But he sees a son he/she is proud of and will always be proud of, and will always
love no matter what happens.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

I caught my ex boyfriend staring at me. Does he want me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re asking because you are looking for something, hoping for something. It’s
you who hopes he wants you. It’s you who wants him.
He is looking at you because you are familiar.
He dated you. He knows you.
There are emotions still there but it doesn’t neccessarily mean the attraction
type. It can mean emotions of past, memories, regret or something else.
He saw you and of course his brain is going to pull him over to look at you and
even stare at you.
You had a history together.
Now if you want him then forget all the signals. You need to start a conversation.
You needed to get oﬀ your ass, smile, walk over and talk.
Maybe then you’d ﬁnd out if he will say yes to your hoping….wanting…
desiring..him.
Talk to him.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

I know I’m the best husband, mate, and lover out there. I'm not
the best in other people's eyes, but I feel like the best. Why can't
I ﬁnd a girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How’s it working for you?
It’s not.
Let me give you an example. Picture a sales rep and he’s selling a product. He
walks up to you and says he has the best product.
Would you even believe him?
If it’s the best then the sales rep won’t need to say such things because we know,
don’t we, the one who claims such things hasn’t got much to oﬀer. It shows lack of
belief, low self esteem and low self image.
It’s one of the oldest things in marketing and sales. It is so in psychology.
That if you have to say what you’re best at to someone, face to face, then they are
looking at the evidence..
1. Lots of customers
2. Lots of people desiring your products and service

3. Lots of recommendations from others who used your…products.
4. Because people do talk about what THEY think is the best and customer
won’t believe a company commericial more than lots of customers who
have used it.
That means you have no sense of maturity, life experiences, understanding
human behaviour, what they fear, hope, trust and so…you won’t have a damn
clue about women either.
So if you are the best then you contradict yourself in saying..
“But I can’t ﬁnd a girl.”
No evidence. No results. No women being attracted to you. Nothing. Nada.
Probably masturabating all day everyday on porn or instagram photos of girls.
Forget claiming being the best.
Be engaging.
Be interesting.
Be captivating.
Be someone who is seriously interested in learning about women, understanding,
get interested in them and learning how to capture their attention, then keep
their attention and using words to make their pussy wet to desire you.
The best doesn’t arouse and fuck the mind of a woman for her to be dripping wet,
her tongue wagging and kissing her lips, her heart racing and imagining how
you’re going to penetrate and pound her.
You know “best” and claiming it doesn’t work.
You know because “I can’t ﬁnd a girl.”
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is richer than me and I am feeling low what
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem isn’t your girlfriend.
The problem is you are deﬁning yourself worth with external objects that comes
from societal programming.
I am dating right now women, who earn a lot more than me. Not all the women I
am dating do but there are some who do.
They are not with me because I have money. They can go and get more money.
They can go and get a fancy car and all that.
If she wanted more money she’d drop you and get a guy who has more money.
She’s with you for a bigger reason.
That you have absolute value and that in this day and age, whether some women
or men believe status is money, wealth and all that which fucks their head over, is
not really what gets women of substance to be with a man.
You’re self esteem is low.
You have been tricked, hoodwinked, like all of us to believe that our self worth is
deﬁned by this status bullshit, called money, called cars, called popularity, called

how many people vote for you, and on and on it goes.
But these will go.
All we try and hold on to will go.
1. Job. It’s not permanent. It can go. Pﬀf! gone!
2. Money. It can go. You can ﬁnd yourself ill or something crashes. Pﬀﬀ.
Gone!
3. Your looks can go. We are not celebrities with millions who can go oﬀ
doing plastic surgery, or go on lots of holidays in year, relax, have best
food and all the stuﬀ they don’t tell us about. Looks will go. Gone!
4. Women. Men, friends can go. No control over this. Pﬀf. gone!
5. Popularity. One minute everyone loves you. Next minute they are like
vultures, ready for you to die to eat your carcass! Gone!
6. Connections. You got them but suddenly. Gone.
All these we attach ourselves with can just dissappear in an instant and some will
take time to go like your age. Or quick, an accident!
We forget what attracted these to us.
We did. Our behaviour did. This is our real status. We forget so easily when we get
all that and then we self sabotage it all with our own insecurities.
If you attach yourself worth, who you are by these, then these will dissappear and
you will have nothing.
These can dissappear with a ﬂick of ﬁnger and when they do, then what?
What are you going to blame your misery on?
You’re true status is not the dollar. Your status is your behaviour, and it is this
reason why she is with you and you…are going to screw it up, due to your own self
esteem.
You wanted a woman. Right?
You wanted a girlfriend. Like most guys, right?
Then when she arrives what do you do?
You question why?! You question your self worth?
Think man! Think!
A woman of money saw you and now she is your girlfriend. She didn’t see money.
She didn’t see a rich guy ﬂoating money around.
So what was it then that attracted her.
You did.
Now you’re stepping out of YOU and into the realm of insecurity because your
fearing loss but what you do, is what many insecure men do.
You then self sabotage it because in your head you’re thinking..
“Well, I’m going to lose her anyway, because she is wealthy and I am now. Might as
well mess it up and do this and that, and push her away.”
Woman do not want to be with a man who is not certain of himself.
They want a man who knows who he is.

When she met you, you KNEW who you are and now when you have such a
woman, you question who you are.
So here’s what you do.
Stop putting her on a pedestal.
You do not see your self worth by comparing yourself to someone else. You do not
attach external objects like material status, dollar, as your self worth.
You’re real status is…..behaviour.
Now behave as a man.
Communicate with her as a man and make her feel alive.
Put a price on how you make a woman feel special and unique.
Throw money at women. Try it with most women and they’ll laugh at your face.
Especially if she is a woman of her own and who loves herself and who loves a
man of character.
She met you before money.
Nothing changed but you are, because of your own insecurities.
Start investing in your mind, learn about increasing your self esteem.
Don’t forget the lesson
1. She was attracted to you before money
2. Now she is dating you
3. And it is you now questioning the good that comes
Why?
It is self esteem issue. You’re falling trap in believing that your self worth, what
makes a man attractive is the dollar. No. What makes a man attractive to women
is how you make them feel.
You made her feel.
She got drawn to you.
She got attracted to you.
And she became your girlfriend.
Before she knew anything about you regarding money.
So the next time you see her, ask her about her work, ask her about her life,
celebrate her success. Let her see you’re not intimidated by her wealth.
Laugh, make her smile.
Tell her how you feel about her with words that arouse her, captures her
emotions, leads her imagination that no money can do.
If you don’t know how to make a woman’s mind ﬂy and her body tingle, her heart
race, and her pussy wet with words, then learn.
You don’t need money for that.
You need a mind of a man, who is brimming with knowledge on how to do it and
the conﬁdence, and balls to dare, and challenge her with his wit, his speech and
his conﬁdence.
No money can buy that.

I know. People, men and women pay me a lot of money to know how to do just
that because they love someone, they want to know how to connect and all that
they so learnt from school, college, university, mummy, daddy, social norms have
failed hem to know how to do..just that.
Be bold. Be unpredictable. Be a man of words who can speak to the natural
woman inside her. The real beauty that yearns for a man who is not intimidated
and insecure by her success but a man who can smile, celebrate her success,
encourage, inspire and make her feel like special and unique, like she is the only
woman on this planet - and do it because it means it too.
Do it until money, car, status of material fades and she see the man who has just
made her feel what no man and money has ever made her feel.
Focus on her not the halo eﬀect. Her. The natural woman inside her.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I walk away from a girl who has changed the terms of
our relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you don’t see and which some like to paint it into some rosey picture:
1. She moved out
2. Went had a good shag, you know fucking the ex
3. Now she’s back and feeling guilty and don’t know what to do
4. And using you as some emotional tampon support
Me, I won’t even let her back in.
Bye, bye, is what I would have done. No use being with me sleeping on coach
pretending she’s a pal. What’s use being with someone you’re not even sure you
want to be with?
My mates sleep on the coach.
So lover or pal?
Pal >>>>>>>>> good bye.
Let’s call it for what it is shall we.
We got enough men behaving passive-aggressive with all this emotional support
bullshit. Man up and get real.
Comfortable?
No she came back because she had her fun and now it’s rattling her head on what
the fuck to do now!
Hey, nothing wrong with that mate, I’m not monogamous and I have no problems
woman going to have sex and come back but she better also treat me right as a
lover. It’s a problen when someone’s hiding behind the bush and not saying it for
what it is.
That she isn’t even behaving as your girlfriend but a pal.
Afterall, don’t you want to know where you stand or you going to be like most
guys, passive-aggressive, getting walked over, because if this was a guy doing to a
woman, believe he will be called a player, a jerk who wants his cake and eat it.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I tell my husband that he is bpd?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s for the doctors to say.
If someone suﬀers from a disorder, you won’t know what it is.
People love to put labels, reading online and now they think it’s something. Or
they see something on TV and start assuming things about people they know and
even someone they are in relationship with.
They see a name and think person is all that when maybe they haven’t got such
disorder and it might be diet issue or nothing at all but our perception. Or it
might be a disorder but which is it, one will not know until they consult a
qualiﬁed expert.
If he feels something is up then best he goes to someone qualiﬁed to give such
diagnosis. If you’re concerned maybe communicate calmly and go together and
see someone qualiﬁed.
5 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my boyfriend asks me if the person
that text me or the person I'm hanging with someone is a boy or
a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Set boundaries with your boyfriend to not invade your privacy anyway.
2. It doesn’t matter what happened or not happened. Make your
boundaries known to him. Calmly. Sit down lovingly, communicate.
Last thing you need is walking on eggshells because someone is texting you.
This is your privacy and no one should walk all over it. He has no excuses,
whether jealous or 100 text hit you that night, or that it is reasonable he’s asking.
Sit down with him, talk calmly to resolve this issue.
Because if he is like this with such things then imagine later on when you’re
dancing away and some guys come talk to you.
Then what?
He’ll start questioning again and again, who you talked to, who was on phone,
where was you, how come blah blah blah.
It gets too much and it becomes emotionally draining.
It’s gone beyond curiousity. It’s not healthy. He’s abusing your trust.
He’s becoming jealous and possessive. This is how it starts but you can
communicate calmly with him on your boundaries.
The women I date get tons of texts and I don’t go around checking on their phone
or asking who it is. I got no problems. I know my self worth and value.
There is nothing wrong people texting you whenever. That’s your life. That’s the
life you had before you met him.
Have a talk with him, set boundaries so it doesn’t go any further.
829 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Natalie Fitzsimmons

Do guys like girls with freckles?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We like girls who have conﬁdence and don’t ask what guys like and have the
maturity, experience, and have gone out of their box to see many girls dating all
kinds of guys including girls with freckles.
We get turned oﬀ by girls who are insecure, who think the guy is too good for her,
who thinks like also the nice guy who puts girls on pedestals, the way some girls
put guys on pedestals.
Look around. Get out of your comfort zone and what you see?
Guys dating girls of all kinds and that includes freckles but if you think freckles,
or your tits, or your ass, or the ﬂowing of your curls is going to a fat lot of good to
KEEP a guy’s attention and be your man, for longer than a week, you got another
thing coming.
Because there are pretty girls than you.
Much pretty. With freckles.
Now what?
Now what you’re going to do?
Now what you’re going to ask?
You’re going to ask like most insecure girls with..
Do guys like short/tall girls?
Do guys like girls with red hair?
Then when these run out, what you’re going to ask next when you ﬁnd there are
more prettier girls than you who are short, tall, with red hair?
There are girls I know, they are not so attractive but I tell you something….they
get the guys and these are the girls most call sluts, whore. They are not sluts and
whores or too easy.
They are girls who got guts, who learnt to ask the right questions, who own their
body, and all their ﬂaws and make their ﬂaws ﬂow like perfection to arouse a guy.
They know how to look at a guy, smile, approach, ﬂirt.
You’re asking the wrong questions.
So forget what we see, because we see ass and tits, but when we come to you, if
you’re attitude stinks, if you’re too shy to even talk, if you’re up your neck with
religion and social norms, if you even ﬂinch to show us some attitude…guess
what?
This ain’t 1950s anymore where we can’t approach out of our social circle. We got
all kinds of tools and resources, and events, and gatherings, bars, night clubs,
meet ups, dating websites, internet forums, tinder and on and on it goes.
This is the 21st century and guys have tons of options.
Enough to not even notice you got freckles but focus on the girl who got his
attention by the way she moves, talks and holds herself.
She does because she loves herself. Owns it, freckles, height, colour, whatever, all
of it and that’s a girl in the 21st century who attracts the guys.
And yes, she has freckles but she isn’t naive to think that’s what it takes to attract
a guy. She knows the bigger picture.
8 Views · View Upvoters

Am I being a jerk by ghosting on this guy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It tells me you have low self image and self esteem to waste your precious time on
bullshit. It doesn’t deﬁne him but deﬁnes who you are and how you think your
time means nothing. How you’re naive trying to be some white knight because
people saying he did this and that.
I don’t care what he did. None of your business what he did with other women or
what you heard from other people. There are two sides to a story and you’ll never
know that story.
You actually lower yourself real low, doing things like that and doing so because
you heard what others say on what someone does, as some reason is worse.
The end doesn’t justify the means.
Be honest and just move on from this bullshit. You got time to kill, really? On shit
like this?
499 Views · View Upvoters

Why does the guy I'm seeing text and then take hours and hours
to answer back every time? Why bother texting me if it's over
ﬁve hours everytime?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it mean if the guy I'm newly dating always takes hours and hours
to answer every text of mine, no matter the time or day?

Communicate with him.
He is probably busy or whatever, but you’ll never know until you communicate
with him. Also, some people not great at texting and really if you’re local, just
pick up the phone and talk.
If you’re already dating, time to move from texting and start talking on the phone,
if you want someone’s immediate attention.
That way you’re not waiting for a text for a response.
Texting is but a tool. It has achieved it’s goal.
Now move it to talking on phone.
Communicate with the man. He isn’t going to know what you’re feeling and what
is upsetting you.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are some things that women have said to men to make
them feel incredibly attracted to her when they previously
didn't think of her in that way?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men will be attracted to diﬀerent things on what they see or heard. I have never
been attracted by a woman by what she said alone.
A woman can say she loves a man who is conﬁdent but then behaves without
conﬁdence.
A woman can say she likes to be free, do the things she desires but then when a
man speaks openly, she does not behave in a manner of such.

A woman can say a lot of things but if her behaviour, her actions are not aligned
by what she said, a fat lot of good it will do.
Men, learned men, men of the world, men of experience, men who have loved
before won’t fall for mere words.
They will align her words to her actions if these two are not consistent, whatever
she said means sod all.
A woman can say she is attracted to a man but it is her actions that make her
words have value.
I’m sure you heard women and men say a lot of things like..
“I love you.”
But then you don’t see the action.
“I so love your conﬁdence, I so desire a man like you, I so want to learn so much
about you, let me know who you really are…”
But then when a man does drop his mask, women’s behaviour can alter the way
he sees her due to her inaction, or action that does not communicate she means
what she says.
The combination is…
Words + Behaviour + Consistency = is what men of substance looks for.
As women assess man, so does man assess woman and we do so not just by her
words, but her behaviour and her consistency.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I want to be a writer? Is this a self important aspiration
or do I genuinely want to write?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why do birds sing?
Do you think I want to draw, paint, write? Do you really think I like waking up in
the night because of words coming to my head or an inspiration?
Do you really think I like getting up and 4am having to type words until my eyes
feel like they can’t stay open?
It’s who I am.
It’s in me.
This is who I am.
It is my nature.
It is in my blood.
It is in my DNA.
It is the thing I cannot stop and pretend, and lie.
It is why birds sing,
Why eagles ﬂy.
I have to write because I am willed by something deep inside of me. The way I am
willed by saying to a woman, any woman, from day one..

“Yes, I am into you and yes, I desire to fuck you. So are you my EQUAL or you not.
If not, good. If you are, then great. We found each other. Finally, in this world of
bullshit and pretending, we can be honest about what we desire. Life is too short.”
This then is how it is when I write.
I seek directness. Truth. No bullshit.
Like fury, like blazing balls of ﬁre, overwhelmed, energy ﬂowing through me and
I must get the word down, the strokes on paper, the lines, then form, the colours,
the light, the contrast, the characters, the whole lot needs to out and with honesty
that will scare the shit out of some people because I want truth.
I don’t want bullshit but truth and so I have to embrace that my truth, my ways,
my words may not be accepted in a societal conditioned world but does it stop
me.
No. It does not stop me.
I have go on and not because I want to do.
I do it because it is my nature. It’s who I am.
Why do birds sings?
Why do eagles ﬂy?
Why do horses want to run free?
There then is your answer.
Self impiortance?
If any desires that, they shouldn’t be a writer because it can take you years and
you may never be found or noticed.
Forget it.
Better to get a 9–5 job in a cubicle or something else than be in the world I am in.
I write, I paint, I sing, I fuck and I do not apologise for it because it doesn’t
apologise when it wakes up me, when it stirs my soul, when it awakens me from
sleep to write and sometimes, I am so tired, so damn tired, so fucking tired but I
got to get up, write those words, the chapter, the lyrics, paint those strokes on that
canvas for the storm to settle, for me to sleep and be at peace.
That is why I write.
Because I was born to do so with every ﬁbre in me and sure, if some people wake
up reading my words, awesome. But that is a bonus.
I have to let it out or I will never be at peace.
It will only stop when I hit the grave and then I hope, I ﬁnd peace and sleep to
never wake up again, in this socially conditioned world. Peace at last.
854 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is feeling guilty over her ex because her ex keeps
texting her bout how badly he wants to get back, what should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She feels guilty.
Interesting.

So guilty she doesn’t block his number?
She’s playing you. She’s preframing the situation ready to fuck you over.
Now I am not into monogamy. I cannot be assed with jealousy and possessivness
and all the games so many do to hurt each other.
I date multiple women and I like to be honest, direct and so women cannot do
that shit to me anyway. They want to go and fuck a guy, go and fuck. They want to
give their ex a blow job, go and give him one.
They want to eat another woman out, by all means do.
Just let me know where you stand and if this is how it is, awesome. Just know, I
can do that too and awesome it would be.
Why the dumb games?
Why the manipulation?
Why the “oh it makes me feel so guilty and..”
No. She just need to block his number and the melodrama, the so called guilt in
her desiring him, and that’s why she is keeping that DOOR on STANDBY…..
pushing you away, hoping you break up for her, because she is gutless to break up
with you.
And when she does, and the ex gets her pussy, the infatuation is gone, he’ll throw
her out or probably do same with someone else.
And she be running back to you.
When that happens, make sure you got your balls in check, and when you open
the door, a tall, gorgeous blonde woman you’re into is standing right beside you
and she’ll get the message.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

This girl is always rude to me even though I haven't done
anything to her. Why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Dec 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you probably want to be accepted, approved and validated by her for
whatever reason. If you’re a girl then maybe you feel insecure and think by being
accepted by her and taking all that shit it makes you look good to others.
If you’re a guy, you probably a nice guy, wanting to get into her pants. Think
you’re entitled. Think that you got to have her talk with you.
Think that you need a reason why she hates your guts and dislikes needy,
desperate people who hang around her like some leech.
I know, sounds harsh but mate, I just cannot stand nice girls and nice guys. I
cannot stand them and I never have and I never will.
If it was me..
I won’t even bother associating myself with people who are rude to me because I
love myself, have self worth and I would tell her..
“Go and fuck yourself..”
I didn’t tell her to sit with me anyway and therefore, she needs to piss oﬀ.
But I am sure you’re the one approaching her, sitting around her, trying to get her
attention and think you’re entitled for her attention.

So you are someone very needy, desperate for having someone who tells you to
look away and all that - and you still want to talk to her.
Have some self respect for yourself and move the hell on and just leave her alone,
and go and be with someone for…the…right…reasons.
949 Views · View Upvoters

How do I not care about all the unfair stuﬀ happening all
around the world?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t see the world for what you desire to see it but as it is.
Then you focus on you changing yourself, you becoming stronger, you becoming
educated, you letting go of the societal conditioning and becoming ﬁnancially
strong to give, help, instead thinking your are helpless to change the world.
You stop with the looking at the news and newspapers, and all the noise and
focus on the real deal issues.
On bettering your future so you can give more and do things that impacts
people’s lives because this, has always been there.
It’s bigger than you and me.
Dark and Light existed long before we were born.
The sun and the moon.
Evil and Good
Ying and Yang
See then, the world and life for what it is and not how you want to see it is and
that way, you get real with your shit in focusing on you, the present, the now.
Spend your time wisely on what you can change and make better - yourself and
that alone will help.
972 Views · View Upvoters

I really like my friend but after some consideration, it occurred
to me that we're not gonna get together. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has nothing to do with the girl. It has a lot to do with you’re own insecurities,
you’re own fear of rejection, your own comparing your life to others.
All these you gave come from your own insecurities and never looked at how she
is a human being.
You have put her on a pedestal. So up there and that isn’t due to her, that is due to
your own infatuation, and own insecurities.
Take another look, she’s a human being.
So stop stressing and putting her on a pedestal and get on with getting to know
her. Have the conﬁdence on who you are, you’re self worth than putting people
on pedestals.
It’s called the Halo Eﬀect.
Go and read and this is where you are right now.
Here’s some resources:

Why We Think Good Looking People Are Also Smart, Funny, and Kind
Halo eﬀect - Wikipedia
You see this halo around them and do not even see who the person is for real. You
don’t give time to know the girl, know who she is, deep down.
It’s all based on assumptions and nothing else but that.
You just look from a far, admiring somehing superﬁcial because all you have
named is nothing but that, and part of the societal conditioning.
Finally, since you have this religion and so on, you know then far in advance the
challenges ahead. So then decide not to bother taking it further if it happens and
just be friends.
Don’t complicate the issue if you see lack of compatibility.
918 Views · View Upvoters

Do atheists congregate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We all do.
We just don’t realise it.
1. At work
2. Night club
3. Bar
4. With relatives
You don’t have to be religious or athiest to congregate.
You just need to exist and we all do it without realising it.
;)
2 Views · View Upvoters

Is science a form of art, or is art a form of science?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I an at awe, very moved by science. I am amazed by how it allows me to see reality
and to also help me see what sometimes I don’t see, but it is there. It’s just my
mind needs help. Science has inspired me a lot to study it more to be a better
artist because I didn’t want to draw and paint like I am throwing around lines and
painting.
It has also expanded my imaginations further and this allowed me to be more
creative as an artist.
I needed to know what I am doing. I needed to not be creative when I am doing
but rather the creativity for me is concept, it’s vision, it’s where I am going but
then when I draw, paint, science is leading me with facts, knowledge and it
inspires me to be a better artist who needs to get better at the functions of what I
am seeing, whether it is a woman’s naked body, material, the environment, the
light from ground to skin.
When I paint or draw a human being, I see more. I see psychology. I see culture. I
see a story of belief system. I see all kinds of what I missed when I was just
scribbling away as a child. I see much more now when I draw, paint, design and
even when I write due to science.

Science has diﬀerent areas and all these impacted me in my work no matter if I
am sketching, painting, designing, and even writing.
It has done something nothing really has.
It has given me humility and that for me is what I needed the most to express in
the best of my ability as an artist and a human being.
724 Views · View Upvoters

Do distance relationships work? How can you make it work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes they work. How can you make it work?
1. Compatibility - it is an attitude. It’s a process. It’s not about education,
job, colour, religion but the attitude that the lovers embrace each other’s
world and say yes to the desires, needs and wants, and willing to work
together towards a common goal called happiness. For example, I date
multiple women and so if the woman at the other end of the world sees
this as a way of judging me, believes in monogamy, and that a guy who
dates other women is this and that; we’re not compatible. It’s ﬁne. I
understand and so no use starting anything and be on our own way.
2. Honesty - so since compatibility is important, the ﬁrst thing I did is let
women know who I am, what I desire, what I believe in, and so they
know I am a very sexual romantic adventureous man, very experienced,
and who dates other women too. When I ﬁnd she is similar and she is
ﬁne by it, and she has had enough will moving from one dude to another,
and desires a lover who is honest and knows where she stands with him,
then the connection is even stronger.
There is no expectations but truth. There are no secrets but revealing
one’s own desires fully. There is no hidden agenda because I just said
who I am and she said who she is, and we both agree that it’s time to just
be happy and say goodbye to the social norms, traditions that are ﬁlled
with expectations that are ﬁlled with empty promises.
3. Insecurities - it is unfortunate so many have had bad experiences with
dating, relationships but also negative experiences in the past which
now projects onto future relationships. The social construct external
objects such as jealousy, possessiveness comes into play. However, this
can be sorted out way in the begining which I address and question
compatibility. Woman knows I am dating other women, and I know she’s
dating other men. We are lovers of a diﬀerent model. So the socially
construct of jealousy and possessiveness doesn’t play a part. We left that
behind. We don’t assume anything in our head and we have no need for
games either.
It avoids arguments and egos pushed aside because both are working
towards each other happiness and not happiness for society, social
norms and traditions.
4. Communication - this here is where so many fail in. I love to
communicate, write, talk, phone, whatever but I also invested time and
money in learning to communicate in a manner to build relationships.
There is talking and there is also building connection with the one you
want to meet.
It is a whole new level in which the communication is not logical but
mostly, 95% of time emotional, sexual, arousing, exciting, building

bridges together, helping each other to feel connected, being open about
all kinds of desires, even kinky festishness. If you cannot even talk about
these things, well, I’m sorry, but this is not openess.
You got so much to talk aboiut, you have a responsibility to know each
others desires, how you both like to behave with each other, how to turn
each other on, how to fuck each other, how to do this and that, all kinds
of things tio even logical questions on preferences in life, goals, purpose,
values and traites, That alone will take you two to three life time to
communicate withe ach other aboiut and it be fun.
5. Trust - the mind can ﬁll gaps but with the tools above, with
communication, you can avoid such things. However, you need to trust
each other and not second guess. If one is away for a few days or a week,
or gets busy, then trust the person that when they sort their life out they
will resume to contact you. Be busy with your life. This is the beauty of
long distance. There are time diﬀerences and there is a life one is living
which we cannot see. Have trust. Let go of the neediness and fear.
6. No Drama - be consistent in how you feel. Don’t be up and down. One
minute you’re into the person and next week you’re not. The person will
just walk away because it is too much drama. Drama is a poison for any
relationship but when it’s long distance, it is ampliﬁed 100 times. It hurts
big. It creates resentment and bitterness. It shows you don’t care. It
shows you’re selﬁsh trying to create games, manipulation to get
attention because that is what drama is. Pointing negativity at someone
you want to meet. Instead, be consistent in your message, your feeling,
the consistency in our behaviour with one another will go a long way to
enrich the connection between both.
7. Encourage - bathe in your lovers achievement. Rejoice in their goals.
When they share what they have done, be proud of how they have done
it. Speak to them, say to them how you admire the traite of disipline or
whatever traite and skill they have. Do it sincerely and lovingly.
Encourage one another. Be the cheerleaders for each other.
8. Make a Date - talk about when you’ll meet. Come to a decision when
roughly you’ll meet and when it comes closer, make the date crystal
clear. Have a goal and together work to make it happen. Be excited about
it and talk often about it, paint what you will both do. Inspire one
another of what will happen. Make it REAL! You need to meet face to
face. Whether in months or a couple of years. Don’t go 5 years and don’t
meet. You need to meet as soon as you can but if due to whatever
reasons, you can’t until a couple of years then great. But do meet face to
face and make it real.
9. Lead - the world doesn’t make the rules on whether it works for you both
or not. Forget what anyone else expects out there. You both lead. You
both make the rules and boundaries. This is your relationship not the
worlds and someone else’s failures doesn’t mean you will too. You both
lead and make it happen and stop asking if long distance works or
doesn’t. It works when both want it to work and they help it to work.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is a romantic event necessary to kiss?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is not the event, the place, the resturant, the awesome city, the night, the day,
the whatever. It is how you fuck her mind, to create the sexual tension.
You went logic approach..

“Please, pretty please, can I kiss you?”
You do not change a woman’s mind, you create the mood. You turn her on ﬁrst.
You fuck her mind. I do so that she is all over me, legs apart, arms around me and
it’s her who has her ﬁngers running through me, all over and slamming a kiss on
me.
It is her mood.
I can be at a parking lot and we’ll be kissing and that’s because of the mood, her
feelings not the parking lot. We could be walking about and into shops and we
kiss. It has nothing to do with the shops but the adventure, the romance, the way
I talked to her, creating the feelings inside her, the mood, and she feels unique,
special because she is unique and she is special, and KABAAM! You kiss!
And she pulls you in again and kisses some more.
So create the tension, the sexual tension and if you don’t know how, learn.
She’s saying to you..
“I am a woman not a robot. Make me feel desired, make me feel my body tingle,
make my pussy wet with your conversation skills and physical touch. I’m not
some robot. Make me feel special, unique, gradually get me worked up to such I
want to throw myself at you and can’t help to do so..”
This is how you lead.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I really like him even after his rejection and unfriending me on
. What do I do ? He doesn't care about anything to be honest.
But I care a lot! :(
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how guys hear this..
“You men are not entitled to anything from us women.”
Same here.
You are not entitled either.
See how that works? Both ways.
So he has blocked you on Facebook. That’s like me, slamming the door on your
face and saying, literally
“Oi, you’re getting on my fucking nerves., I’m not interested in you. I don’t care.
I’m not attracted to you.”
Whatever the reason, the message is clear.
It doesn’t matter if you care, like him a lot, etc.
He blocked you for a reason.
The message is clear.
Stay away and move on.
838 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think about Selena Gomez reaching 100 million
Instagram followers?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not my kind of artists and music, but hey, whether it’s her or someone else, good
for them. Not really a big deal. I know how the industry works.
1. She has the outer look.
2. She’s marketable
3. She has support and backing of record labels $$$
4. She has backing of marketing companies $$$
5. She has backing of corporations and brands $$$
6. She has support of music industry connections $$$
7. She has other people who do work behind the scenes $$$
8. She has the product which is promoted by the mainsteam $$$
9. She also associated with well known artists
10. And anything really can go viral easily because of corporations with their
ﬁngers with all channels, money etc to pump whatever they want
regarding Selena Gomez.
11. With that kind of backing and money, advertising, 100 million followers
is achievable. It’s not much of surprise.
So why would we be surprised?
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best thing to do when you feel stuck in a rut with
your life?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is your horizon?
When I was a child, I was on bed and my grandma was talking to the doctor. I
heard these words..
“He hasn’t got long. I am sorry.”
I have worked the streets selling. Parents have ﬂown to England in hope they’d
make a better future but I haven’t heard from them for some years.
So I was the bread winner.
A young boy not even 9 years old, going out, trying to sell the sweets my grandma
made from sugar, milk and water, and selling bread. They didn’t bring enough
and so I had to do other work, selling drinks, sometimes stealing and running
from cops, and shop keepers.
It was a dangerous time as tribe feuds was always happening and wars here and
there was kicking oﬀ. No one knew who to trust and no one knew if they’d survive
another day as politicians ﬂying in jets, in fancy cars and countries sending
money with which we never saw a dime.
When water was needed, I’d walk for full day to walk and come back in the night
with two steel cans of water as the wood on my shoulders, making sure I don’t
spill too much water.
All of which took it’s toll for me to be in bed, couldn’t move and breathing was
diﬃcult. No one knew what was wrong.
I looked towards the window, it was cool night, the night was about to be
enveloped with a new day, as I heard the doctor speaking to grandma..

The Doctor left and my grandma was about to close the window…
Me - Grandma, can you keep the window ooeb ok
Her - But it will get cold for you
Me - I just want to see the sun come up before I sleep.
She gave out a sigh, smiled and left the window tied open as I watched for the sky
slowly change colour for the new sun to rise.
I saw the horizon.
My horizon.
The dreams I had.
The reason why.
What I wanted to do and all the fantasies to achieve.
My eyes tired but I kept looking until I saw the sun begin to burn the sky with a
million shades of colours.
I could hear two dogs running by.
The sound of people getting ready to go and open their market stalls. The sound
of braying of a donkey and the wheels of the cart being pulled.
My eyes tired but at least I saw my horizon even if I felt ir was for the last time.
I woke up two days later.
I have lived through the fever and the doctor was wrong. Maybe it was because
my horizon was forged in my mind and I remembered why there is still some
living to do. My attitude was shaped there and then.
Forged out of the steel of hard life and grew grateful of another chance.
I went back to doing work but this time I knew what I wanted to do.
I stole some excercise books and pencils to draw minature drawings of the
buildings and places tourists visit. Though they weren’t master pieces, they were
seen as cute and memory for the tourists who bought them.
I found my niche and began selling them and brought in more food home, as
some people told me I’d never leave this place, no ticket would come to take me
away to a new life.
Years later, aged 40 I am traveling the world, still drawing, still sketching, still
writing, still writing new songs for albums I had envisioned of doing. Combining
many talents into a strategy.
Yes, the ticket did come and I did leave to live a new life and I see my horizon
every day, no matter where I am.
I still hear the dogs running. I still hear the donkey braying as taxis, cars, tube
trains, planes ﬂying above me when drinking coﬀee at a villa somewhere in the
world or in London at the back in the garden.
I still hear people getting to work early in the morning.
I wake up and head to the train station and sit to watch the world move and
knowing I’m part of a special world, a unique world, a planet ﬁlled with a special
species who can change the world and a world ﬁlled with nature and animals we
need to protect and look after as they play a role most yet do not appreciate.
I still hear the naysayers and I do shut them down immediately, for them to be
quiet, mumble under their breath and walk away to never be seen again.

I know the path.
I know what I love doing.
I know where I am going.
I know….the reason….why.
I know my horizon, each colour, cloud as clear as day, everyday and night. I go to
sleep knowing it in my mind.
What is your horizon?
If the problems and what you see is bigger than your desire to become whatever
you desire to become, then you’re horizon is not clear.
You are but looking at someone else’s horizon and you are inﬂuenced by someone
else’s clouds and you are working with someone else’s colours.
Know your horizon and be grateful that you live another day to cultivate it,
nuture it, make it bright. Create your own colours on your palette and paint your
horizon and go and get it done.
This life will test your metal.
It will test your character.
It will test you in every possible way and it will, if it can, bring you to your knees
like you are nothing to it.
Or you can let it know, you are it’s equal and you are the master of your fate, the
captain of your soul, the leader of your life and life will yeild to you.
Live with a mind of abundance.
You have the mind, the hands, the ﬁngers, the legs, the sight and mouth. You
have a world ﬁlled with free tools and paid ones.
You have the internet to empower minds and inﬂuence.
Learn to master them because you don’t need anything else when you know how
to inﬂuence life and people to be inspired and to make way for you.
But no one will make way until you know you’re horizon.
Fore if you don’t, everyone else will sell their horizon, their words, their
perception, their reality, their clouds and colours to you.
You either live in their reality or make yours stronger, brighter and with clear
intent, that makes you feel alive. Your reality must be stronger than any
naysayers or your reality will be overshadowed by their small thinking.
Know your horizon and you will see life in a way that is ﬁlled with opportunities
and abundance that you will wonder, where it was all hiding.
It was always there.
You just a diﬀerent way of thinking and in doing so…. you see with diﬀerent eyes.
So what’s your horizon?
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is asking him for help with a subject a good way to approach
the guy I am attracted in a soft way?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t do that. It sends mixed signal. Even if you need help.
Early framing is important.
This here is what pisses us guys oﬀ. It used to piss us oﬀ in school and college.
Girls coming up to get some knowledge from us and fuck oﬀ when they do.
So it’s known, that pretty girls uses guy and friendzones him.
This is a diﬀerent social dynamics. This is school and school, college have their
own culture and this is known, wildely known.
Funny thing, last week I was taking to some guys at college and they said no to
girls for this reason. If the girl just conversed and ﬂirted, then it would have
worked but the girls went with “ask a guy for help” approach.
If you go to a guy and ask him that, he will immediately think you’re friendzoning
him and that, whether one believes it exist or not, it is known in school and
known in college, and the guy will go to his mates and his mates will say..
“Oh shit mate. She friendzoned you immediately?!”
Instead change it to this..
1. You’re friend walks over and chats to the guy and just talks to him. This is
called Pivoting. She is helping to create the gateway for you to step in like
it’s normal because you know…her.
2. Then you step in and engage in the conversation. She instroduces you to
the guy and bigs you up a little. Not too much. You’re friend is helping
you out and she won’t feel anything because she isn’t into the guy.
3. Now you say after the conversation…
“It was great talking to you, listen, would you like to meet up again
because you sound really interesting and diﬀerent to ALL GUYS I MEET
and not into really going out with them, and dating any of them.”
You now dropped it in and you’re not asking him out but sending him a
very strong signal and he knows it.
Smile, use face, body lanuage.
He knows you are into him and now - give him your mobile phone so he
adds his digits and you add his.
Don’t approach guys with help on topics because it be very diﬃcult for you to
transition to the next stage.
It’s also known to guys to stay well away from.
I used to say no all time because I wasn’t going to be that guy helping and giving
emotional support, listening to a girl talking about ex and guys, and all that crap.
That’s how it is known.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do to become an expert in social media?
Adam Taha, I use social media

Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Look at companies and see what they say you need to be good at with
social media.
2. Write it all down.

3. Then go and do it to get results.
4. Log those results.
5. Then ﬁnd someone who runs a small business.
6. Help them increase their results by huge margins and I mean real
results. Results these companies look for.
7. If you need to learn some new skills then invest in these skills to get the
results you need.
8. Now apply for the jobs and wow them with your results because result
matter in the real world.
9. That’s how graduates and anyone else with paper showing what they can
do had no chance when I did apply. I showed results and they showed
degree. Which one would you choose if you want results? Now if you got
both, well, awesome! But if not, results matter.
10. Remember this word - results. Now what results do these company want?
Go and make it happen and slam bang them on a website to show these
results. That’s your digital global CV :)
These steps will beneﬁt you to increase your chances in whatever market you
desire to enter.
All the best.
643 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend stays with me from Friday night through Tuesday
morning. Is it fair that he only treats me out to eat once a week?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have been doing things for him and now you’re expecting something back? I
get that but you’re not entitled for starters for anything. I don’t get people who do
things and then expect something back.
That’s not a healthy relationship anyway.
Second, it looks to me you don’t even communicate your feelings to him but hold
it in, and then tell everyone here about it.
You had 4 years with this guy and you didn’t see any of that?
4 years?
There must have been plenty of opportunities even when he didn’t have a job to
see his character but you didn’t want to see it. You wanted to see nothing else but
the fear of losing him.
You knew what you was looking at early on.
In the ﬁrst month and year but you thought he’d change. You thought maybe he
become a better guy when he gets a job and responsibilities.
Maybe if he leaves school and gets a job he’s start treating you with once a week
resturant.
Even when I didn’t have a job, when I wasn’t travelling the way I am now, hiring
villas, and doing my thing, I still took the woman out. I still made her feel she is
loved. I was still there if the car broke down and left everything because she is my
girlfriend.
That’s like a lot of guys too who love the women they are with.

I never needed money to show that.
Your man didn’t show that even when he didn’t have money. He didn’t show
much consideration for you and it happened long before he ever got a job.
I remember, a time when I wasn’t working - I would cook so when the women I
dated came home, they were tired but the food was ready. There was times when I
surprised them by delivering sandwhich I made at their work.
Therefore, you was in the comfort zone.
Now the comfort zone is not enough.
You’re feeling it and realising this guy will never change. He’s the same guy who
treated you shit early on. It hasn’t changed because he got a job.
It only highlighted it even further.
If you don’t like something then you don’t go oﬀ changing the man with the
thinking you can ﬁx him. Thinking he will change.
Instead leave and be with a man who treates you right even when he has no
money because that traite will be there when he does have a job.
Look for the character in a man not the future, but present character in how he
treats you and you’ll ﬁnd if he treats you right early on, he will do so in future.
It’s not about money.
It’s not about resturant meals.
It’s really about him showing you love, consideration, time, that you are someone
he loves, someone he cares about, someone where you feel he puts you ﬁrst.
He hasn’t and he probably never will.
He didn’t from day one.
You know that. You knew it in the ﬁrst week or so.
You know I don’t need to say to you what to do. You know what you need to do.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend loves me a lot, he displays love, care, concern,
encouragement, aﬀection, freedom but there is no sexual
chemistry& no sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is the question that you want sex, you desire it but he is not satisfying your
needs?
That you have spoken to him and nothing changed?
Or have you spoken with him your feelings?
We need details.
If you desire sex and he is not into sex, or he has a very low sexual drive, no sexual
chemistry whatsover - then you’re not compatible. Don’t believe the bullshit
either that love, care will do it.
16 year plus in relationships and I am high sexual and it hasn’t slowed me down. I
would never date a woman who is asexual or a woman with very low sexual drive.
Nothing wrong with being asexual or low sex drive but I will not start a
relationship.

If I am in a relationship, well, I am not monogamous so I can date other women
and have sex, without the need to lie and cheat.
I believe in love but I’m not naive to believe it’s enough. You need to be with
someone who is compatible with you.
583 Views · View Upvoters

Why do people get stuck in a rut of wearing all black clothing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In a rut?
1. I wear black because I just want to chill in life. I can’t be assed following
trends and though I have all kinds of clothes, most of time, black is all I
wear except if I am in a hot country then white with some light jeans.
2. I can save money and use that money and invest in knowledge. Black
does that for me. I can get just a few black clothes and wear those with
anything. Jeans, troursers, jacket, trainers or shoes. No problem
3. I like to be hidden. I’m a mysterious type of guy. I can go and do my thing
and no one will notice and give a shit. I can also observe and collect intel
data at the world around me and no one will ever know.
4. You see me and you won’t think much about me and who I am but that’s
the surprise. That’s my edge. You don’t know what skills I have within
me.
5. And I like the way I look when I wear black. Just suits me.
For you it is a rut because it deﬁnes what a rut is to you due to your
perceptions and societal conditiong.
For me, it is a blessing to hide all my skills, experiences and knowledge
from people like yourself who are looking at people due to what they
wear. Who see ruts as sime clothes someone wear.
I love wearing black.
And I love a woman who wear sexy lingerie in black too :)
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend says she can't talk to me, but she doesn't know
why. How can I correct this situation?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way you commnicate lacks certainty, you’re not leading, you provide her
solutions like “see a therapist.” Your are focusing on logic. Stop focusing on
solving her problems and focus on arousing her, capturing her emotions and
imagination to see you is the man who can give her the romance and sexual
experience.
Your communication does not arouse her.
Instead she now sees you as someone platonic, and not exciting, and so she feels
it may not go anywhere as she imagine. You’re nice guy, so apologetic, trying too
hard and playing safe due to fear of losing her.
Logic. Logic. Logic.

Long distance needs a man who can arouse with words and has conﬁdence,
strong communication skills. It needs a man who is conﬁdent in himself and his
knowledge in women.
The attraction has withered away, and is coming to an end. She only sees you as
some emotional support to talk and nothing else but that, and it’s getting boring
for her.
It’s not romantic, it’s not exciting, it doesn’t make her heart race, her body tingle
and her pussy throbbing. To such she has got to plan a way to meet you and
experience all she reads and hears from you.
She cannot feel you can give her the adventure, the romance and the sexual
experience. Therefore she cannot be the woman, the natural woman that is
yearning to get out because she feels she’s not speaking with a lover but a guy
who has become like her brother, a friend.
She already lives as two women, the societally programmed women where she
cannot be who she desires to be. She isn’t looking for that but you are giving her
that and it’s boring, it’s logic, and it’s becoming this Patient and Therapist
relationship with focusing on logic than her imagination, than her feelings, than
her desires and what the natural woman inside, the other woman; the woman
who will rip your clothes oﬀ, tell you all her sexual desires and more because she
knows she has found a MAN not a passive-aggressive man.
But a man who knows and a man who can help her grow, and a man who can
make her feel she can let go and be the natural woman she hides within herself.
So she feels she cannot be so with you.
That’s when attraction now begins to slowly or with speed, die and so logic is now
pouncing on her. Logic of doom, gloom, and boredom, and fatigue not exitement,
heart racing, yearning for your next message, hoping to hear from you, desiring
to swim and bath in every phrase you write and speak; and willing to hear the
plans if future dancing in her imagination.
So much so, the natural woman in her cannot be stopped and swims up and takes
over desiring you and all the experience, adventure, growth, intimacy she sees
you can oﬀer her than no man around her can.
Stop apologising.
Stop giving her solution.
Stop asking what she wants i.e platonic or romance. You need to be certain and it
is here that needs to see this.
Distance yourself for a while.
Then change the way you communicate so it focuses on her. Not her problems
but on her. Not on your neediness but on her. Let go of the free and be a man
when communicating with her.
Right now, it is boring. It’s not making her feel she desires to communicate
anymore.
You’re being too much of a guy who is behaving platonic.
Like a…brother. Brothers, friend advise.
You are a lover, so behave as one.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over a guy friend who led me on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You both lead each other on.
One of the things for low self image is a person waits for someone else to do
something and not be direct. They always waiting for someone else to say and do.
They wait and wait and wait when they too have a choice to be direct.
Then when nothing happens they behave as victims, blaming someone else on
how the person used them and how they were lead on.
You lead him on as well.
You weren’t honest either.
You weren’t direct and so that’s why time went by and let someone else, fuck your
head up. If you don’t have boundaries and if you wait for things to happen then
you waste time.
If you be direct then you polarise the person to quickly show their intent and if
it’s not good enough….you immediately walk away.
So you are also responsible for showing vulnerability and being direct.
You weren’t because you fear rejection and so, embrace the part that he didn’t
lead you on. You liked the attention. You craved for it.
But you feared losing it too and that is why you weren’t direct with him for you to
be lead on.
Both of you then lead each other on.
Both used each other for some craving and emotional stimulation.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Am I asking too much of my LDR boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t look like he’s that interested if he has time to post on Facebook and
Snapchat and yet not communicate with you.
If he’s not communicating once a week with you then something is up.
I communicate consistently with a woman long distance and it’s not just some
text. It’s detailed, lengthy, asking lots of questions and getting to know each other
in many ways. Even talking on when to meet, plans and so on.
We are very mature and we are not hiding our feelings and we don’t complicate
things but letting one or other assuming anything. We’re very good at saying what
we desire and there is a lot to talk about.
That’s what people who are attracted to each other do.
I don’t see much details in how you meet online and anything else. I don’t know
how many times you communicate in the week. I ﬁnd there is no much details
and so I am assuming a lot.
If he isn’t even comunincating once a week with you then his priorities are
elsewhere. He might not be as serious as you are.
880 Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you’re confused about your relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If there is confusion there is lack of openeness, honesty and direct
communication with each other.
Therefore, one of you or both are not communicating in an honest fashion about
how you feel for each other.
So communicate with the person you’re in relationship with and let them know
how you feel and you desire how they feel too.
Only then will you know know where you stand and both stand when it comes to
the relationship.
Passive-aggressiveness doesn’t solve any problems but only creates frustrations
because you fear of losing someone.
In other words, speak up with the person you are in relationship with.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should our connection be like after 5 dates? Should his
eﬀorts get stronger to pursue me or is it too early still?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If a man is attracted to a woman and isn’t just ﬂirting just for his ego, he
would have instantly showed his intent.
2. He would have already painted in your mind what can happen.
3. He would have already got you and him to exchange details i.e. phone
number, or if long distance, phone number and email address.
4. He would have sexualised directly or indirectly, and also build deep
connection within you to qualify if you are insecure, or someone who is
similar in values as him and lead through moments in texting which lead
to phone.
5. Communication between you two would be consistent and solid.
6. He would have lead to meeting face to face if local but if long distance
would have said how serious he is/and suggest future dates to later be
crystal clear when it gets to that stage.
7. He would have met you face to face if local within…a week/month,
depending on both of your logistics and aﬀair with social life, job, time
etc.
8. He would have done so in one week and met face to face. If long distance
depending on both ﬁnancial status etc, you’d have met face to face, in
months or couple of years.
If not, he is not interested in you or you’re standards is so low, or you have not
made it clear as well to him when he showed interest…that.you’re into him and
have this idea you let a man chase.
That both of you are sending hints and signals instead of being direct and honest
about your feelings.
In the ﬁrst week/month not 5 years.
Sometimes I meet a woman in days (if local) and she would know my intent.
Not in years but days or week.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I followed a famous writer. Why hasn't he followed me back?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media

Answered Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because while you do things to be accepted, approved, validated or you think
you’re entitled to anything back by following…the writers do not write for this
reason.
This isn’t like xmas, where you give a xmas card and want one back.
It’s not the immature way of living in where you vote for someone’s content and
expect them to now vote for you. Scratch your back and you scratch mine, kind of
mentality.
It’s not “I love you,” and then cry and bitch why the man/woman doesn’t say it
back. Like he doesn’t care, boo hoo.
So best you stop following for sake of getting someone’s attention and do so
because you like to see more of the writers work not their attention.
You’ll get their attention when you write some amazing content.
Also, it is time consuming to follow lots of people. It’s not some social status. I
don’t follow because someone followed me. It’s too much as I can’t follow
everyone to read everything.
There is no point.
I left such crowd long ago and so I do things for more deep meaningful reasons.
842 Views · View Upvoters

If I'm a shy guy, can I just walk into a night club if I've never
been to one? Would people not like me because I’m too boring
and quiet?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are things you can do:
1. Go early, when you know there’s not a lot of people.
2. This helps lower your anxiety
3. Like a build up. So you don’t feel the social conditioning of social
pressure as much.
4. When you get there, get a drink.
5. Walk around the while night club just once as it will help you relax.
6. Then ﬁnd a place to relax as the people start walking in.
7. When it gets packed you won’t feel the anxiety as much.
8. Don’t go to lots of night clubs. Choose a few for a now. A couple so you
get familiar with the place, the vibe, the people who work there as well.
This helps too.
Why did I say go early?
Your mind won’t be playing up too much about who is watching you and you
won’t care about being validated as much if you went there when it is packed.
Like boiling a frog.
If you throw a frog in to a hot boiling pot, it will jump out quick.
However if you put the frog in a pot of cool water with leaves, it won’t notice as
the water starts to heat up gradually to cook the frog.

So you’re brain doesn’t feel threatened as much as it would when you jump in to a
crowded night club. Night club are designed to create intense feelings but you
also come with societal programming which gets you already rattled up with
seeking validation, approval and worrying what the world thinks of you.
You need to ﬂip the cameras in your mind outwards to the world and be someone
who observes other rather camers pointing at you to feel intimidated by the
world. No one gives a shit mate.
Yes there are some people who act like fucking idoits but they only do it to
impress some pussy or ass, or dick.
But then again, why value their opinion?
I personally don’t go to night club to be liked. I go to have fun. I assume I know
everyone when I don’t and just get in there and have fun.
So don’t worry. Just go out. Have fun.
Do those steps as I did them when I was yonger and just stepping into night clubs.
Later, as you get to have friends it be easier for you and as you live, you’ll wonder
what you was so hung up about.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does one need to know when visiting an ultra-upscale
restaurant for the ﬁrst time? What do I need to know to not
stand out? Reservations, valet, etiquette, expectations,
tipping?
Adam Taha, I like to eat out but when I do it's upscale and not all the time
Answered Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you’re going on a date:
1. The person taking your keys to take your car is not stealing it. He’s going
to park your car for you and give you a ticket or something for them to
know which car it is, so you don’t come in a Ferrari and drive away in a
mini :)
2. Make sure you visit the place and don’t look at websites. Go and see the
place and check it out. The dress attire, the atmosphere and menu.
Reason being is when you take your date you don’t want her to feel
uncomfortable wearing some shorts or Jeans when you’re walking in and
everyone is dressed up like they are about to shoot a block buster movie.
So take note of that.
3. Find out when it is really busy for when you desire to book and they
don’t always say “it can’t be on this day, this, and this hour.” So make
sure you do that.
4. I have always been the guy of social dynamics. I go to places and get to
know the person who does the booking. I talk to the person and I give
them a nice tip. Thank the prson, give my card, and he knows if he helps
me he will get another big tip.
5. Before you book make sure whoever you are bringing is reliable. Do not
take women on ﬁrst dates, women/men who have yet emotionally
invested in you to resturants and these high scale resturants. Wait until
you have gone through process of being sexually physical and so forth.
Then go to resturants. Let her/him know you’re booking reservations and
that it’s at a high class place and so missing it has some charges to it. Yes,
I do say that. They need to know.

6. Etiquetee - it’s not eating at your house and so make sure you know the
process. Inside out. Don’t start until you’re date starts. You won’t need to
pour drinks as it be poured for you. Well, places I go do that. Or you can
pour if you like but ﬁrst your date or guest and then you.
That big white material that look like a heavy hankerchief? Put it on top
of your legs so if you spill food it don’t stain your nice dress or suit.
7. Tipping - I tip about 30% but I also ﬁnd who the chef is if I really like the
food and give him an envelope full of cash. Also some tickets to Opera. I
have friends who perform and so, I get tickets and sometimes if I have
enough I give to waiters too as well they get the tips.
Oh yeah. Make sure you tip the person who got your car sorted. They
stand there and well, it’s work. They are also part of the resturant team.
8. I thank the waiters and I thank the person who booked the reservation
and I also keep in touch with this person. Social Dynamics. They get lots
of people but if you are consistent, you will build strong relationship
with them and to such, they know other resturants too their relatives
own - and so you get treated like a king when you visit.
Also when you book again at the same place, it’s much easier.
Apart from that, focus all your attention on your date or whoever you invited with
you to eat. Don’t mind the other people.
If you drop fork or knife, don’t panic.
New one will be brought to you or if you’re like me, I can’t be assed, I get up, and
nick one from the other table as the waiters, look at me, ready to jump and
murder me for their carefully planned table.
23.9k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend of 2 years (who I live with) broke up with me on
the phone after I left to care of my father- he has aggressive
terminal cancer.Thoughts?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only, you’re an amazing woman who loves her father and who stood by his side
when he needed you. I’m sure in your fathers eyes he knows he’s so blessed and
fortunate to have a daughter like you who when he found out he has aggressiver
terminal cancer, you just came running to be at his side.
You’re a warrior and someone I’d be so proud, honoured in fact to meet and drink
tea together (yes not much of a beer kind of guy) and just chill with you. You have
an amazing heart, your priorities spot on and though the man you was with
didn’t see the wisdom of it all, I’m sure you you see life’s wisdom…
That if there is a qualiﬁer in a man who wouldn’t or would stand by your side at a
time of need, this was it and now you see he isn’t for you.
I cannot speak for the boyfriend who walked away as I don’t know him but I can
say something about you. There isn’t any details and also, what can anyone say?
It’s easy for us to say anything about someone. We don’t know if there was a
relationship that was already damaged, there wasn’t much love or understanding.
Also people can make their own choices to stay or go. No one knows what they’d
do when such a time comes. We always think we do.
But it’s neither here or there. This is about you..

You’re a daughter to be so proud of and a woman that a man would also be proud
of to be with, to love and just be part of your life.
So you don’t worry about a thing, women like you are gold in this world because if
any man who has character, decency hears of your journey and how you stayed
by your fathers sides, well, let’s say it says a lot about your integrity, character and
the amazing great love you have inside.
I know it’s not much when I say condolences to your father and I hope you both
get all the support you need. That you get the help you need as you spend time
being there with your dad.
If you ever come to London, let me know. Me and my mates, will buy you a drink
and we’ll paint the town, and you’ll know no matter what guy leaves, the world is
ﬁlled with men more deserving to be with someone as amazing as you are.
You did right to help you’re father.
You did right to be by his side.
You did right.
All the best and remember, if you’re in London, let us know and me and the lads
will party with you to can’t stand anymore. Or even just chill as you tell us all the
story and journey on how you looked after your dad.
533 Views · View Upvoters

How do you kiss someone for the ﬁrst time to make it romantic?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop

Updated Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me ask you something. What gets you when you see a rollercoaster ride and
you’re gong to go on it?
Is it the ride itself?
No.
It is the feeling you build up before you get into the ride. It is adventure and the
anticipation, the build up, the fear, the happiness, the heart racing, the
expectations, the ever growing need to feel special and unique.
The kiss?
The kiss is but a kiss when all you focus on is the kiss.
But not anyone, no, not anyone can capture the emotions of the person, ﬁre up
their imagination, feel their body going nuts, the amazing rush going through
their body because you’re creating the…sexual….tension that makes the kiss
amazing.
You are creating the romance ﬁrst, the experience ﬁrst, the memories ﬁrst, the
juicy conversation ﬁrst, the capturing of the person’s emotions and their desires,
ﬂying through their mind as you pain vividly with word and physical touch ﬁrst.
You can learn the “technique” how to kiss with your lips because there are
thousands of Youtube Videos. I don’t know why people even come here
sometimes when their answer can be found to show practically how something
like this is done on Youtube Videos.
You’re missing the point so many miss.
It’s the feeling, the heart pounding, the experience that leads to the kiss that
makes the kiss, even if it’s a shit technque, amazing!

A kiss is but a kiss without these.
These are what makes it romantic it. When you make the person feel unique,
special and excited.
Focus and learn how to arouse someone, create an experience with them, with
words, conversation that makes a woman’s breasts dance, her nipples erect, her
body tremor from excitement, her legs shudder and her pussy wet by just your
words and physical touch before you even kiss.
I’m saying woman because I am a man into women.
A kiss is a kiss without knowing how to do what I am explaining here.
Any person can kiss but….not everyone can make the person feel special, unique,
arlused, feeling the romantic adventure, the excitement, the anticipation for
when the kiss happens.
That’s what makes a kiss amazing >>>>> sexual tension.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are you grateful for at this moment?
Adam Taha, Grateful for the simplest things in life
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am grateful for the knowledge and skill to illustrate my own books. I love doing
everything that has my personal touch and when I draw, it feels great.
All I need is paper and pencil/pen to do work like this..

And this..

And this..

And this..

So I am grateful to be able to use minimal stuﬀ, wherever I am, and draw. It’s an
amazing feeling. I feel free when drawing.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend relied his decision to be with me by asking me if
my goal was to have babies, what does that mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very sensible and mature guy.
He’s looking way ahead into the future and that means, he wants children or he
doesn’t want children - and he’s seeing what it is you want in the future.
In other words, he is looking for compatibility issues.
I don’t see it as a problem but rather, an important question to ask at the early
stages. So if he wants children in the future and you don’t, you’re going to have
problems .
If he doesn’t want children and you do, then you’re going to have problems.
So he’s looking long-term.

If a man is looking long-term with you, he must surely be into you and he likes to
spend his life with you. He’s just being open and honest about it so you both don’t
waste time.
I think he did well to ask such a question early on.
I ask tons of questions if I am serious about a woman. If I am not, and I don’t see
her for long-term, you won’t hear me asking such questions or many.
Only when I am really serious about a woman do I ask tons of questions early on
about everything but not in a robotic, interview fashion and instead playful, here
and there as we get to know each other.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is the meaning of the poem "When, Dearest, I but think of
Thee" by Sir John Suckling?
Adam Taha, When everyone is asleep I spend time writing rhymes, poems and
lyrics
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

John is describing the love he has for someone special. Probably a woman that
works for him, a maiden or a woman who is has grown to know.
He writes in diﬀerent ways on how he sees her love for her and how it will never
fade away and die. The word “suckling” is used in a more diety way, which means
divine or gods.
So he uses some metaphor as you can see here:
The waving sea can with each ﬂood
Bathe some high promont that hath stood
Far from the main up in the river:
O think not then but love can do
As much! for that’s an ocean too,
Which ﬂows not every day, but ever!
“Till the nights wings over take me,” is how he darkness overcomes him and so
when we describe of some darkness overcoming us, we would use something that
envelop us but in a metaphorical way like..
1. The eclipse
2. The shadow
3. Or demons shadows
4. Or black wings
5. The Ocean
6. Or sky
And so he describes the “till the night wings over take me,” he is talking about the
a dark night.
The whole theme of this poem is about ‘love’ for someone special and close to
him.
673 Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl tell me she likes me only as a friend, but she still
gets mad if I start going after other girls? She is Muslim, and I'm
not, so it's like she has to make a choice between either her
religion, her country, or me.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not complicated.
It’s simple. Look how simple it is…
1. She tells you she only sees you as a friend
2. You STILL have hope in getting into her pants
3. So you let her talk shit to you, behave shit to you while I’m a guy who will
say..
“Listen woman. I gave you the amazing opportunity to know me and date
me, and be my lover. You said no. So whatever I do now, smile at girls, kiss,
fuck, eat them out, whatever shouldn’t bother you. Unless it’s because you
desire to date me and be my lover. So which one is it?”
Girl - just friend
Me - Good. Then behave like one or stay the fuck away.
I can say that because I don’t fear losing her. You do because you still have hope
that she might change her mind.
Forget it.
Talk straight to her. Set boundaries and let her know, she pisses you oﬀ again, you
ain’t no nice guy who will let her do that..
Say it in your own way, no problem.
I’m more of a direct guy and can’t be assed with any complications.
Stop letting girls walk all over you and psychologically seduce you to be passiveaggressive.
46.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when the person who friendzoned you
continues to ﬂirt with you?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not confusing.
It’s really simple.
Stop hanging around with him and tell him to piss oﬀ. That’s it. Done. Just stop
hanging around him. Move away and go and hang around with someone else.
Put the boundaries on hard with this guy for real.
Make it 100% clear you’re not interested in him.
Also, other guys will see you both together and so, it doesn’t do you any good as it
says you’re not available. When really you are but you’re not seen as though you
are because you’re with this guy.
Set the boundaris but not calling him out but saying to him..
“I’m done with you. I’m not interested in you. I’m moving the fuck on so leave me
alone and don’t waste my damn time with your shit.”
There we go.
Just move on, ignore him.

You girls know how to do that. You do enough of it with guys you’re not interested
in. Now do it with him.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl and I only chat her almost everyday .She share me
all about her and she said she trust me .How can I kno she love
me or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This her words she said to you from your own comment..
“…And i am one of her bestfriends .The hurtest thing is She call me brother.”
Yes, you fell for it didn’t you?
She tells you about all the stories about her ex boyfriends and her ex is this and
that and you are there, thinking this will get you closer to her?
Man have you got this upside down.
You are what we know as the emotional tampon support for the girl. You are there
whenever she wants to talk about her ex and pretending you are not into her. So
she tells you her sad stories and you think she will then fall in love with you?
Your behaviour is like where you behave as a relatives or platonic friend.
You see the chemicals that kicks oﬀ in her brain isn’t the attraction chemicals. It
is the chemicals of the relative, of the friend. Like women who long ago in caves
with cave men but when these women desire a man, they don’t go and date their
brother, their relative or that nice, good friend who was always there to listen, and
is infatuated by them.
They go outside of that circle, far away to see this dude who is a lover type and he
is so direct in his intention, he makes her pussy wet.
He makes it known he is into her, he is attracted to her and doesn’t talk about love
until she emotionally invest, shows interest and does stuﬀ with him.
But when you get the opportunity, oh man do you screw it up big time. You show
lack of conﬁdence. You show passive-aggressive. You show neediness and fearing
she will say no to you…
“I tell her that there is a girl i love.and i just cant tell her. She always suggest that
just tell her.Whenever that topic come, i always tell her that i cant stand the answer
nooo......Then she said u r negative she always tell be positive”
She means you’re not conﬁdent and uncertain about who you are and what you
want and don’t go for what you want. You’re scared! Is what she means. She is
telling you what she values and you dont…listen!
She is telling you, “ﬁnd your balls man and tell me what you want from me? Tell me
where you really stand with me.”
She repeatedly asked you to tell her. You didn’t.
You tell her. You be direct. You is the…man! Lead and if she says no, good. Move
on. That’s what a man does.
Yes, many will say “good man, listening to her problems.”
But you are listening to get in with her and that’s not honest. That’s not
authentic. That’s why so many girls dislike the nice guy. He’s not honest.
Think about it.

Girls grow up learning the guy makes that makes her feel alive is conﬁdent type,
who is bold, brave and fearless. He has certainty. He is MAN. He doesn’t need to
jump through windows and ﬁre.
He doesn’t get intimidated by girls because if he does, how the hell can he even
make her feel safe, secure with such a weak man who is intimidated about a girl
saying no to him?
If you so scared of her saying no, fearful of rejection to even say it, then that tells
the girl something. That you are also afraid of the world to ever make her feel
safe, secure and a woman who is walking with a man.
What kind of girl will desire such a man?
A man who knows what he wants and has guts doesn’t hesitate to approach and
she imagines him sweeping…her…of her feet with his conﬁdence.
He’s the surprise.
He’s the guy who is direct.
He says it with certainty and he challenges her when he does. She has only one
chance, ONE. If she fucks up and says no, when she means yes, bye, bye. He’s
moving on because he has no time for girls who can’t make their mind up. He has
a greater purpose.
He’s the guy diﬀerent to all the guys she knows, who are orbiting around her like
little lost puppies. All intimidated by her looks but the lover isn’t. He just
approaches and says it and if she isn’t into him, no problem….he moves on.
Move on.
She sees you nothing but a friend, a brother.
She doesn’t love you as a lover, boyfriend. You’re her friend. That’s all because
you behaved like one from the beginning and all the way through.
You probably made it so awkward now that when you even say it, she will say no
due to your previous nice guy platonic, passive-aggressive behaviour.
603 Views · View Upvoters

I went out last night with a friend to take pictures. One picture
was very good and she excitedly grabbed my arm. Is this ﬂirty
or friendly gesture?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You mean..
1. You want something to be there when it isn’t
2. You feel something for her and hope she feels same with you
3. So everything seems like she’s doing it because she MIGHT be attracted
to you.
4. You hope there is.
If you are attracted to someone just say it and be direct or just stop it or it will
become some game in your head. Waste of time and emotions.
Very passive-aggressive people do that. Looking for signs and hints. Then wonder
they are deep in the zone.
She’s just having fun and nothing else.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Met a new girl and we dated for weeks then she started ignoring
me and told me she loves me but she is HIV positive, what
should I do coz i love her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only she knows but if we want to assume - maybe she felt you’re taking it too
seriously too early and she doesn’t want serious.
Maybe because she feels deep inside it won’t go any further anyway. Maybe
judging herself hard and so she didn’t want to get too attached.
Dates a few weeks with a guy, it’s going great but then she feels down due to HIV
and feels what’s the use and dissappears; to go for next guy for the New
Relationship Feeling until she feels she’s getting attached.
So she’s not into relationship and moves on quick when any seriousness or
feelings for guy grows. It’s assumptions and well, only she knows.
It’s her you need to ask.
468 Views · View Upvoters

Jack London said, “Life is not always a matter of holding good
cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.” What might
you relate to this quote?

 https://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/1240.Jack_London
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Oct 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I agree. In other words..
“It is not the cards life has given you but how you deal them in your life.”
This is very true in my life.
1. I wasn’t born in rich or even moderate wealthy family. We didn’t know
where our next meal came from. These were the cards that I was deal
with. I could complain or learn how to use them to my advantage.
2. I didn’t have the education most had and access to what so many I knew
had when I was a young lad.
3. I didn’t have the money for the clothes to look ok
4. I wasn’t born with supportive community but instead in a very strict,
religious and cultural community, most of whom speak of such things
but their life was a mess and their behaviour contradicted what they say
they believed.
5. I was born in a world in which everything I desired such as writing songs,
singing, painting naked women and drawing any type of ﬁgure drawing,
dating girls was prohibited.
These were the cards I dealt with but these did not deﬁne me.
I deﬁned who I am by knowing how to use these deck of cards to my advantage:
1. Since I was born with less resources, I knew how to use what I had to
make more resources.
2. Learnt to think outside the box more than most people. I became
resourceful
3. Disciplined and knowledgeable to break down structures with
comunicaton, socialising skills, social dynamics, dating, marketing,
sales, to the smallest details and build it back up into simple step by step

structure and techniques that work in the real world.
At the same time, raising my middle ﬁnger at the social norms, and
getting the results social norms said you can’t. It blows all most said
won’t happen to happen consistently.
4. Life toughened me mentally and emotionally - but also it helped me to
empathise with the struggles in other peoples lives and to care.
5. I didn’t squander my time. I invested in learning, in studying, in
mastering the skills I needed with amazing focus, passion; and with
goals aligned to a greater purpose in my life.
I didn’t take life likely. I didn’t take anything likely even when I am
known to be playful and fun.
6. Became bolder, stronger, direct with people, outspoken and no matter
how high the challenge was - I took it on like it was my own and claimed
it to forge me as the man I am today.
7. My imagination and creativity became my power. Ideas ﬂowed without
ever been stuck. But also imagination and creativity to solve problems.
8. Adapting. I can adapt very fast to the changes around me and use it all to
attract more resources.
9. The insight to see the blind spots for clients faster and highlight it to
them within their world and especially in dating and relationship…with
accuracy and with steps to apply for the future is my edge.
So I took the deck of cards, that seemed poor and useless and learnt how to deal
in a way that opened the doors of abundance for me and clients.
After all, much of a person’s success when sitting around the table of life is to do
with how others cannot see the cards you hold. It’s nothing more than perception
and the balls to carry that perception all the way through.
Some just fold when I do just that to realise, I didn’t have better cards than they
had. I just knew how to deal to get what I want in life without harming another
human being in the process.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe women post beautiful pictures on social media
deliberatly to make other women feel bad about themselves
and jealous?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Oct 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every woman going to be diﬀerent with diﬀerent experiences, what happen on
day and week. So yes there will be some who do that and there will be some who
don’t, because they all bang up those photos for diﬀerent reasons.
Some to feel good
Some to get validation
Some because they are bored
Some for support and encouraging to feel they are not alone
Some because they are want to feel part of something and belong
Some because they want to get some guy jealous
Some to get some girl jealous
Some to hit back at ex

Some to get the attention of an ex
Some to get attention of guys or girls
Some to dig at someone
Lots of diﬀerent reasons as all women will be diﬀerent in their lifes,
situations, experiences, feelings and what happened in day or week etc.
You just won’t know except if you see some comment kicking oﬀ and even then,
you still might know because someone took it the wrong way,
It’s why I don’t really see instagram and facebook to deﬁne anyone. I know I don’t
know anything until we converse privately and get to know at a deeper level, to
also be part of one’s life to see the real deal.
988 Views · View Upvoters

Do men prefer blondes?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, her look will grab my attention. Yes, woman with blonde hair will do it, to red
head but so does a screaming dog in the street or a police car with siren on or an
ambulance whizzing past with siren blasting away.
Or a man singing in the street.
Or footsteps behind me.
Anything and everything can get your attention.
However, the key is - can she keep my attention?
Before I prefer blondes and all that but now I so prefer a woman who is my equal
and if she doesn’t behave as such, I don’t give a damn if she’s blonde, brunette,
white, black, whatever.
If she gets oﬀended about my sexuality then I walk away and leave her to the
societal programming world she lives in and all the social norms she’s grasping
on, and wishing she can be the natural woman but…can’t due to whatever.
We all prefer a lot of things but something what we prefer doesn’t live up to our
expectations, which is why I look far and wide, travel the world and I ﬁnd my
expectations are met.
Women who put middle ﬁnger up at social norms, traditions and smiling when
they see me being myself. They can hold a conversation, sexual and playful and
smart, intelligent and similar to myself….adventureous.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do introverts social relationships does not last long?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Just no. Please remove introverts label.
Has nothing to do with introvert.
I’m what you label as “introvert” and people mistake me as an extrovert.
I have lots of friends and my social relationship work great. I don’t use this label
in my life and brain wash myself to believe and associate whatever people like to
with it.
I don’t keep saying to myself “I’m an introvert and shy.”

Yeah, go on and say that and of course your brain won’t help and bother
providing the solutions and tools because if you keep saying that, then you
become it.
I have great social relationships and they have lasted me for years.
How come?
I don’t have some messed up attitude that the world owes me anything. I don’t
make my past of being bullied at school to hide away from world. I don’t make my
upbringing as some reason to hide away.
I don’t stop learning and have invested tons of knowledge in my mind and also
training. I even went to drama classes to be taught privately in regards to
projecting what I feel. It was taught how to be engaging and science/art of body
language to breathing techniques. I put a lot of work in developing myself from
the inside and unfortunately, people don’t do that.
So anyone tells me they shy, I see they haven’t got out of their comfort zone and
moved on to grow. Shy, shy, shy. You can grow if one wants to. I was shy when I
was kid but I changed inside to grow emotionally strong.
We can’t keep using labels all time and suddenly our mind believes in this lie we
create. Our mind can help us if we invest in ourselves, which is why I am a seeker
of knowledge and continue to do so.
I keep learning, never stop and I keep growing.
I don’t make “introvert” label as some reason for anything.
I invested in social skills, conversation skills, knowledge up to my eyeballs, and
went out and applied. I kept doing so until I now have tons of great friends and
business associates too.
There were times I made tons of mistakes in how I spoke with diﬀerent people,
who had diﬀerent personalities and looking back, I saw I hurt them too; which is
why when I found them - I apologised to each and everyone of them and let them
know I was still growing and if they can forgive me for my ways and if no, it’s ok. I
understand.
So I learnt about humility too and saw how being humble allows me to be open to
the real deal in life and see other people’s perspective.
But this “introvert” has been the bane in people’s lives. Labels, labels and more
labels. There’s more labels created every damn week for everything.
Media shoving labels and people then take on these labels like they own it and
become these labels.
Remove “introvert” and you have someone inept at socialising, hasn’t the
knowledge, skills and emotional toughness because the world isn’t as nice as we
think. No problem. We don’t cower.
We rise up and become tougher inside ourselves and learn the skills we need to
engage people. We face it head on and grow.
You also might not be good at selecting people to associate with and basing your
choices on superiﬁcial decisions. You probably haven’t made your boundaries
clear or know what they are, or have courage to stand by them.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What are some mistakes in a long distance relationship you
made and regret?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Oct 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only one long-distance relationship didn’t work out from many due to some
mistakes I made. I broke my rules which I won’t ever again:
1. Not screening out insecure women. So asking the tough questions early
on so I can identify who she is from day on.
2. Not sexualisation from beginning to ensure she is sexually compatible
and she isn’t insecure about sexuality, and insecure to talk about it and
engage with together.
3. To not tolerate drama queens and let them know you don’t tolerate it,
and to either sort it out or I move on.
4. To not tolerate jealousy and possessiveness.
These are some rules I broke but not anymore and so all existing long-distance
relationship are ﬁne as well as local women I am dating.
You need to set boundaries early on and without fear of showing your values for
fear of loss. When I sorted this one out, wonderful!
So 100% honesty on who you are, what you desire and your values. No hiding.
Just be upfront and have courage to walk away if someone isn’t compatible no
matter how beautiful one is in looks.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the proudest moment of your life?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Updated Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the proudest moment of your life so far?

The ﬁrst was my son was born and now he’s a grown man living his life.
But I like to go further as I am wating for meeting behind a certain door to ﬁnish
regarding a book called Sid, The incredible.
It’s been going for an hour but hey I got Wiﬁ and the view where I am is amazing.
It starts with a question and it’s actually in the ﬁrst chapter of the book.
“If you was stripped naked of everything that people rely on to live their life; from
your name, credit score, your passport, your birth certiﬁcate, status, everything;
how would you survive in this world of ours?”
Have you seen this movie right here..

Now imagine this happened to you twice but not in a Terminal but in two
countries. Where you are there but invisible. Where the system does not
recognise you.
The ﬁrst time it happen is when the government in my country won’t let me leave
as a child because they wanted me to grow up, serve in the army before I left to
meet my parents in England.
So I would walk for miles on end, every day to hound these bastards, and get on
their nerves as they pointed a gun in my face, kicked, shouted, threw stones at me
until they got sick of me camping outside and throwing stones at their Jeeps and
cars.
The big dude in the big massive mansion asked for me to come in.
And he agreed to give me my papers because…

“You are dangerous. If you grow up you probably start something”
“Yes. I’d come and kill you.” (I meant it too).
“Hahahaha. See this son of a dog. Why you men are not like him. Get him the
fuck out of here, the brat. He’s trouble. Go you son of a dog. You got your papers
and you will get your passport.”
So I left and I got my passport and a few weeks later, I was saying goodbye to
friends and grandma.
I travelled to the aiport and got on my plane.
Arriving in UK I saw my parents and well, later on….they lost the papers I took so
long to get. The the time came to get my British Citzenship, all hell broke loose.
All my brothers and sisters got their British Citzenship but..I didn’t.
They needed certain type of documents.
The ones that were carelessly lost.
1. England didn’t recognise me even when I went through the education
system, school, some college, doctors visits over the years and a whole
lot of evidence, as well as me paying my taxes. No, I was invisible.
2. The country I came from, well, full of corruption and didn’t give a shit.
They didn’t recognise me. So now, I was back to square one.
Now imagine, you can’t open a bank account. You can’t do shit without these
papers. So what do you do?
How the hell do you make money?
Everyone is asking for some identiﬁcation.
I had nothing.
I lost even my home when I was older with my own place because things got
tight. Jobs needed identiﬁcation as wars kicked oﬀ and then 911 happened. So
everything was getting tight.
Whatever happened at the other end of the world impacted my life and made
things even more demanding.
I kept on writing to the government but they wanted the….papers
So I was like the Terminal Movie but in a country.
I couldn’t get out even if I wanted to and man did I want to.
Everyone wanted to get into England and me, I wanted to leave.
Some guy - You immigrants come to our country for our jobs.”
Me - Listen man. I WANT TO GET OUT. Get me out and you have one less so
called immigrant taking your job, your women, wife, huh? Come on then! I want
out of this country. Can you do it? I’ll EVEN ﬁnd the money to pay you!
For all the shouting, they couldn’t even help me get out of the country. I would
have even helped to ﬁnd the money but nothing.
I wanted to see France.
I wanted to check Abraham Lincoln Statue because I read about him. I wanted to
go and check out the Ranches and do what Cowboys do for a day because I loved
the western movies.
I wanted to see New York! Check out all the scenes I saw in the movies. I loved the
old Moves with Bogart. I wanted to experience USA!

I wanted to visit and see Rome, Venice, Barcelona, everywhere and see the
amazing works of Van Gogh, Picasso, Leonardo Di Vinci, Rembrandt and many
more artists.
I wanted to walk through the street of Paris with a woman like I saw in the movies
and do all that falling in love scene.
But I was stuck and I saw everyone going on holiday and I was…well…stuck.
Now you may think, I’d become angry, bitter and use it as some reason to
burn the world, right?
Maybe bitch how England and the western world and the country I came from
were a bunch of wankers, right?
Well I could have but I began to think of something…
I was watching a documentary about a man called Winston Churchill and he said
something. It was like he was speaking to me.
I was in some Arab cafe and the small TV was on top and everyone talking but I
got up and walked towards the TV.
There was something about this man.
I don’t know what it was but there was something about it.
He said..
“A pessimist sees the diﬃculty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the
opportunity in every diﬃculty.”
And then it changed in which he is in some other place where he is speaking to
the nation for me to hear..
“Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small,
large or petty—never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense”
I stood there and for the ﬁrst time, one man inspired me to think diﬀerently. I
didn’t know this guy is but it got me thinking.
I felt like he was speaking to people like me.
I walked out of the cafe and from then on I decided to not see world like a
pessissmist but see the good, the opportunities and I turned every diﬃculty into
an opportunity.
I knew how it felt to be stuck and without much of what you supposely need to
achieve in life.
I learnt how to get unstuck with making money, getting into jobs without a CV,
without identiﬁcation and inﬂuenced the top to wave the part of needing
document. I learnt how to attract women, fucking women, even when I did not
have wealth, money, job and all that most worried about.
I saw others needed help and I went in.
I saw corrupt organisations and I fought them with people and knew how they
worked, knew where they were taking the monies and created magazines to show
exactly where they stealing the money from.
I found students, young people, old people with talents and begining using my
money to get them into recording studios, into arts school, into whatever they
wanted to learn and some….just wanted someone to listen and so I listened.
Through time, I became bolder, braver, fearless and most of all vocal against
social bullshit norms, traditions and all the petty stuﬀ people get hung up on.

Everytime I heard Winston Churchil saying in my mind…
“A pessimist sees the diﬃculty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the
opportunity in every diﬃculty.”
And…
Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small,
large or petty—never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense.”
I began to write the journal, documenting it all and changed the name to Sid, the
Incredible. Solving the problems one by one, logging it all and shelving onr
journal and another and another.
Each one solving a particular problem in life.
Even…”how do you get a police oﬃce who is pissed with you to laugh.”
I achieved that one too and..
“How do you get a woman to literally want to fuck your brains out even if you’re
an ugly twat..”
I ﬁgured that one too.
My life became an exciting adventure and I began to make tons of friends and I
saw how amazing England is. I saw the amazing people I could have missed if I
was angry. I learnt the history of England and America and other countries as I
spent hours after hours in the library.
So much so, the woman there named me “the master.”
I was treating the library like my own, hence the name - the master.
I could recite shakespear and loved his work.
I began to appreciate all the things around me and people wondered on how
come I can still smile with all that shit going on.
I began to be grateful for whatever life gave me.
But there were days as the years past where I wondered, if I will ever see France. If
I will ever see America. If I will be able to walk into Van Gogh Museum.
I wondered if I will ever see all the friends I connected with on the internet when
technology kicked in.
I wondered if I will ever take my mum to where she always wanted to go, even
though I don’t believe in what she does - she always wanted to go to pilgrimage
with her eldest on.
By that time I was dating multiple women and they surprised me in tracking my
history, my journey, collecting all the details of schools, colleges, medical records,
everything you can imagine into a big massive library of information.
Then one day, a man walks into room as my girlfriends grinning.
“Hi Adam, I am a lawyer, I’m here to help and all is paid for.”
“By whom?”
I looked and the women I’m dating grinning and blushing.
One month and letter comes from Home oﬃce. It’s moving forward.
Two months and I get appointment.

The speed in which it went, which usually takes 6–9 months happens in weeks. I
get to swear oath and get my British Citizenship.
I then get my British Passport.

I ﬂy to diﬀerent countries and think..
“I just need to do this, go to France, go here and there and then take my mum.”
As I come back I get a call…
“You’re mum..”
“Yes?” I say
“I’m sorry Adam, you’re mum died today, sitting on a bench, outside, a little away
from home but she was at peace.”
I was too late.
In all my excitement and that choking feeling to just ﬂy, I left it far too late to take
my mum on the one journey she wanted to do with me.
1. My proudest moment was my son was born and he grew as a man.
2. My second, is I never gave up and saw good in life and people.
3. But my not so proudest moment is I didn’t do one thing, just one that
wasn’t all about me but about my mum.
Taking my mum to pilgrimage she always wanted to do with her eldest
ﬁrst born son.
Wheverever I go they always say..
“You’re mum always talked about you. Always good.”
I always thought she thought of me in worst possible way. That I was a player, a
guy who just loves women and traveling, following his own rules and just doesn’t
care about the what she believed in.

I thought she’d probably say I was the bad apple. The one who went wild.
The son who she caught fucking young girls when he was a teenager. The son who
she probably thought would never be the doctor, then lawyer, the judge or
someone she so dreamed him to be.
But I was wrong.
I found far too late that I held the highest regard in my family for being the
toughest baddest bastard in our community for following his own path and
blazing his own path - and - she was proud I did.
That’s when it hit me.
All the memories began to pop into my mind. You know all those memories you
never thought existed because you’re so ﬁlled with seeing what you want?
Well those amazing positive memories, the ones you forget starts to appear and
then you see more of your mum. Memories like these…

I suppose, mums always love their children no matter what you become or do.
They forgive and though we so want them to be perfect, no one is and you forget
all the good until they are gone.

It’s just I wish I took her on that pilgrimage she always wanted instead of ﬂying
oﬀ around the world ﬁrst.
That would then be one of the proudest moments for me.
Here by the way is my mum…working with others people. Always smiling and yet
still tough in her own way but people naturally gravitated towards her.

Very well known in comunity as someone who cares about people and the ﬁrst to
come to help when she found someone was in trouble, no matter if you was black,
white, gay, straight, religious or not, whatever.
She was always there ﬁrst, ready to help.
I got her empathy and love for people from he
r and my toughness and masculinity, boldness, dominant nature from my dad.
I can say this is another of my proudest moment.
Letting the world know I’m proud of you and I love you. There’s nothing weak
about it. I am proud of my mum and her achievements.
She was as all said, one of the most attractive women most knew in the
community but what inspired people were her heart for everyone. She came into
this world, brought light, fun, love and toughness and left it with it being a better
place for many I know.

It wasn’t easy bringing up 4 daughters and 3 sons, especially a son like me who
was just a storm, a rebel and wild.
This. right here….is your pilgrimage, mum!
Not as you expect it but look…you’re still changing lives beyond the grave.
That’s a legacy anyone would be proud of.
Here’s to you mum :)
4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a man says, " I can't give you what you
want" ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He isn’t willing to commit to the woman on terms she has projected to him. She
probably wants relationship, exclusivity and marriage and he doesn’t want that.
Or he realises she’s wants a man of job, money, income and he doesn’t feel he can
satisfy her in that way and so he says that.
It can mean anything.
Depends on the context and there’s none in the details.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it illegal for a 16 year old girl to have sex with a 20 year old
guy?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is the guy a teacher or authoritan ﬁgure? If he is an authoritarian ﬁgure it is 18
years old. If he isn’t then the consent legal age for sex is 16 years old.
You can also see here consent laws for diﬀerent ages within diﬀerent countries:
Age of Consent Laws By Country
Below is some details I got from certain pages regarding Michigan but please do
ask a professional on this because you know how it is on the internet these days…

In Michigan, the age of consent is 16, and people who engage in sexual activity
with children who are underage may be convicted of statutory rape (also called
criminal sexual conduct). Michigan’s laws also prohibit teachers from engaging in
sex with students aged 16 or 17 years old.
Under Michigan’s laws a person commits criminal sexual conduct in the third
degree by engaging in sexual penetration (intercourse, oral or anal sex, or digital
penetration) with:
a child under the age of 16 but over the age of 13, or
a child age 16 or 17 if the defendant is a teacher or school employee.
Any sexual activity (including, but not limited to sexual penetration) with a child
under the age of 13 or with a child between the ages of 13 and 16 by an adult who
is in the child’s family or household or in a position of authority over the child is
punished more severely, as ﬁrst or second degree criminal sexual conduct.
(Mich. Comp. Laws Ann. §§ 750.520b, 750.520c, 750.520d.)
Source :Michigan Statutory Rape Laws & Criminal Penalties | Criminal Law

You can also look here for more reading;
Michigan Age of Consent & Statutory Rape Laws

which also says:

The Michigan Age of Consent is 16 years old. In the United States, the age of
consent is the minimum age at which an individual is considered legally old
enough to consent to participation in sexual activity.
Individuals aged 15 or younger in Michigan are not legally able to consent to
sexual activity, and such activity may result in prosecution for statory rape.
Michigan statutory rape law is violated when a person has consensual sexual
intercourse with an individual under age 16.
The age of consent is raised to 18 when the older party is an authority ﬁgure.
In addition, sexual relations between teachers and students of any age is illegal
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

What can I as a boyfriend do when my girlfriend is on her
period?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what I do..
Me - I know
Her - (not saying a word)
1. Cleans all dishes
2. Washes all clothes

3. Hangs clothes out to dry
4. Hoovers ﬂoor
5. Mops the wooden ﬂoors
6. Cleans windows
7. Goes out to make sure there are tampon supply in bathroom
8. None. Ok goes and buys and comes back.
9. She panics. She has no…Oh…look. There are tampons.
10. Doesn’t take anything said personally. I understand.
11. And I don’t say much or anything at all.
12. Goes out and gets some snacks for her and tub of favourite ice cream,
chocolates.
13. Cooks the food
14. Checks if she is ok
15. Checks the food and it’s cooked
16. Serves her food on bed
17. She likes ice cream, serves ice cream.
18. Strokes her, physical touch, kiss on forehead and lips
19. Listens. Nods. Listens. Nods. Listens. Nods and then…
20. She is tired and goes to sleep
21. Takes dishes, cleans, cooks some more
22. Goes back to laptop to work on his book
23. Keeps checking if she is ok without asking “you ok?”
That’s what I do as a lover.
23.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does a man want?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. That she is my equal. That she is a woman who is high sexual, isn’t
insecure about her sexuality and she challenges me in showing she isn’t
intimidated by my sexuality, my sexual personality and instead rises up
conﬁdently, playful to do the same and even outdoes me if she can. Very
rare. Very unique in a world where most women have fallen for societal
programming and investion of modesty/shame regarding sex.
If she isn’t my equal then I’ll know..
“Do you wear G-strings, thongs, granny panties or commando?
“How do you like your lover to ﬁnish you?”
“Have you gone down on a girl before?”
Yes I push it because I am desiring my equal not any woman.
If she is not my equal she will disappear and probably rant on some
social media platform on how guys are players blah blah. Probably hide
back to comfort zone of social norms, traditions and cultures and stay
there.

Or desires not to talk about such things. Or was only trying to get
knowledge from me and so…she dissappears because she knows she
cannot handle a man like me. I’m not there for emotional support.
2. She isn’t afraid to be open with her lover and will say to him how she
feels, how she loves him, how he turns her on, and explains in greater
detail to him on why she feels this way, and what she would do with him
when she is with him.
3. She is similar to him in that she’s a master seducer and so, she knows
how to turn him on, knows his secrets, his erogenous zones, and how to
fuck his mind ﬁrst to arouse him to such heights most women have no
knowledge, skill or even the backbone. She takes risks and he bathes in
her conﬁdence that she does so and that makes him more attracted to
her than seeing her insecurities.
4. When he shares his feelings she is unafraid to have a lover who can do so.
She does not see this as neediness but rather a man who is sharing how
he feels for her and she embraces his words, and replies with the same
tone and even greater so he can feels she does feel the same way too for
him.
5. She is brave, courageous and knows the world she lives in is always
judging but she will not hide and will ﬁnd a way to live her life according
to her goals, her passion and her desires.
6. She makes it easier for her lover who shows interested in her by showing
interest back instead of games. She is unafraid to show vulnerability and
she desires him to know to make his move now, as she does desire him.
7. She has a positive attitude and speaks positively about life, people, her
dreams and goals, and knowing she is going for them. She looks more
onto the light than darkness of life.
8. She loves to look after herself and I don’t mean extravagant clothes but
she looks after her body, mind and spirit. That her health is important
and so is her mind.
9. She isn’t materialistic and loves nature, kind to people around her.
10. Creative in she is a lover of arts, music, architecture. Lover of beauty and
yet appreciate what world calls ugly, as ugly has it’s beauty and it is but a
perception anyway conditioned within us.
11. She is not perfect and nor does he want perfection. He is not perfect
either. He but wants the natural woman who has let go of the shackles of
social norms, rules, traditions and so…with him she is naked as he is
naked with her on his thoughts, his goals, his purpose in life and she is
overjoyed that she has a man who lives a live of vision, of knowledge. In
this she can have comfort he is not insecure if she has dreams herself
and goes for him.
12. She is his equal and he is hers.
And I always attract such women. Yes, such amazing women do exist.
I could write more but Rome, Niece is calling and I haven’t much time.
13.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are your thoughts on Quora's new messaging policy?



http://qr.ae/RwxgDY

Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s the right move…let me give you examples of why…

This is from someone who sends me a message for help, not a hello, hi nothing
and think they are entitled for my time. The amount of people who send
messages without the courtesy of a hello shows me the mindset of such folks.
After explaining to him to learn how to connect ﬁrst with people and no one can
help him GET a girlfriend and I don’t give some magic wand secret; that I provide
knowledge of the path I walked on and it is for him to apply to get results…If he
want’s my divided attention, pay up. I do enough giving my time on here with
tons of answers. Or use the system to send a question like everyone else and wait,
and hopes I choose that answer.
He sends this message..

Oh that’s nothing. I got tons of these messages and more wild, batshit crazier
ones than you can even imagine.
How about this one here…and they wonder why I disable the comments (roll
eyes)…

So for me, it was the right move.
I was so compelled to share this when I was busy traveling, so time for me at the
moment was really short. This is how strong I feel about how it was the right
move. The world we live in is full of people like this.
People think they are entitled because they are on a platform that’s free to use,
that we answer for free and think because we answer questions they can just send
all kinds of crap and even expect help, when they don’t show any respect to the
author.
If they behaved this way in real world they’d ﬁnd themselves in trouble.
Deﬁnitely was the right move and works great for me.
This though is useless for me…
“Allow any person on Quora I follow to send me messages.”

It needed to be this…
“Only your followers On Quora can send messages.”
I don’t follow lots of people. I am following for votes or patting someone back to
follow. I don’t know how someone can follow 500 never mind 20 people. I don’t
have time following hundreds of people. I have lots of people following me and I
want only them who value what I share to be able to send me messages.
I can then block anyway if anyone slips through net and act like the examples I
have shown and report their message.
So I feel this is something of a mess up.
I have disabled comments but it may come soon, I may need to with private
messaging. Pity because I have a lot of people who do connect and we do have a
lot of knowledge and connectins going on when messaging back and forth. And
we do meet face to face too when we get to know each other.
Most people kicking oﬀ about censorship regarding comment section and haven’t
a clue what most authors go through..
Why should you trust Quora members who disable comments on their answers?
I will miss the rich conversation I have with followers on private messages and
other connections I have enjoyed and will always cherish. I miss the conversation
we use to have in comment section but it was getting too much. Most of
comments were just arguments, cursing and were taking focus away from the
answer people needed to focus on….so I disabled it.
Last thing I need is another job with deleting, blocking and managing. I’m far too
busy for that and I don’t want to read such stuﬀ. Not good for anyone’s mental
health and wellbeing at all.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't we ban the words sluts, whores, pervert , asshole etc?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn’t want such words bans or any word and here’s why.
Let’s say a rule comes and lots of articles and books on the subject and suddenly,
the law comes in that these words are banned. But there so many books, articles
on the web that educate on these and in a positive light such as societal
programming, gays, bisexual, feminism and all writing using these words to
explain things to educate other people.
That means all these positive knowledge, articles, content have to be taken down
or they all face legal implications. It’s a huge loss and a big task that will cost all of
us money. We got enough billions spent of ﬂying idea on a war plane and is
gathering dust somewhere and all kinds of stuﬀ.
Now we’re going to do ban words?
What if, we can educate instead?
What if anytime someone said “she’s a slut” we can educate and say that this
word is a label which does not deﬁne any woman, no matter if she slept withn 100
men, the way men sleep with 100 women and they get labelled as players,
manwhore.
What if we can turn that it around and add to the knowledge, books and contents
that already exist?

It be easier to lead people to positive knowledge on the back of so much amazing
work many in past have done.
That educations how this is societal programming and here is the process of it,
here’s how it was done, here’s why it doesn’t deﬁne women/man but rather the
one who is judging.
That it deﬁnes the one who calls women sluts, whores and too easy and judging
men as manwhores- and shows their ignorance, their low self esteem, their brain
washed mind, their insecurities because this word comes from this and this
That this is not FACT but a Perception.
Can you imagine hundreds and more of my articles and millions of authors who
write on this subject from diﬀerent angles using these words.
Where we wrote about societal programming and books we all writing, that has
words like slut, whore, player, manwhore, too easy, because we are showing
where these come from and we’re ﬁghting the fuckers who did this to all of us, is
removed, taken down?
Imagine the amount of girls, women who read the content amd guys realised
what was going on and woke up. The guys stopped calling women these labels
and realised what was going on and the women realised where the shame,
modesty bullshit about sex came from, from A-Z!
That don’t have to be two women, two men inside of us but one and we can live
the natural beings we want to have always lived without fear of someone labeling
us as anything.
What about others that come after them who haven’t read the content and can
surf to ﬁnd them to wake up too?
So no, I won’t want the banning of words but rather education, raising awareness
is the way forward.
I know your intent was based on the good but we have to be careful censoring and
we already got too much censoring as it is.
It’s getting far too much.
Some people don’t even know what they can say and not say that they don’t say a
damn thing anymore and dance on then issues.
It will increase the number of people who will be scared to speak, to air their
views and also we would not know how a person feels, or their mindset for us to
educate and raise awareness.
Sometimes a dipshit asshole doesn’t know he’s one but if we can raise awareness,
educate….he will realise what he is doing and wake up.
There are so many people doing things and think it’s ok but they are naive,
ignorant, socially conditioning, don’t know only what mainstream have said or
what their environment have shown them.
We then close the door to them when we provide the access to learn, grow,
develop one’s mindset. I think personally, this is the way foward.
Education. Raising awareness.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell guys/men that I'm a feminist without leading
them to assume that I'm crazy?
Adam Taha, I hear a lot about feminism when drinking tea at the cafe

Answered Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remember I was sitting at a cafe drinking my coﬀee and a discussion was
happening, about all sorts then about sexuality and on it went.
She turns to me…
Her - So yes, I’m feminist
Me - (sipping my tea, relaxing back, my head on my head)
Her - (looking at me)
Her - You don’t like feminist
Me - I think you’re feminnazi
Her - What?!
Me - I think you’re trouble and pain in ass
Her (leans back)
Me - I think you all get together talking about how to change men into pussies all
day long, and I think you are dangerous. Fucking barmy you lot.
Her - Blah blah blah, balh blah blah blah and balh blah blah blahbalh blah blah
blah and balh blah blah blahbalh blah blah blahbalh blah blah blah and balh blah
blah blahbalh blah blah blahbalh blah blah blahbalh blah blah blah and….
Me - (Grinning)
Her - And…wait a minute. You’re…
Me - Yes, I am
Her - You fucker Hahahaha. Is he always like this?
Friends - Yes, meet Adam.
Me - Look. I don’t care what you say you are, what label you choose. All I care
about is this. How you make me feel and if you make me feel shit, I won’t give
damn if you’re feminist, this or that. I’ll just see you as a fucking asshole like
everyone else who wants to shove their opinion down my throat. And I care how I
make you feel too.
Her - (smiles)
Me - Now, you want to play pool because I have been dying to play pool while you
lot debating about politics.
So we played pool, and I didn’t see feminist, gay, straight, just human beings who
I care about and who do a great job respecting each other, and can talk and say
whatever to each other, and still stay friends for a long time.
I don’t care what someone calls themselves.
I do care how I feel with someone and anyone.
That’s what matters to me, so why would you want to spend time with someone
who conjures you marching through the streets like nutters and not someone
who just respects what you got to say without looking down at you?
Why even bother trying when you know, they just got perceptions that took years
to develop in their minds.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a woman texts you constantly back
throughout the day but doesn't text me back when she's with
her boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a girl texts you and she has a boyfriend, and it is ﬂirty:
1. She is bored
2. Nothing more but for her to feed her ego
3. Nothing more but for her to feel better about herself

4. Nothing more but to feel she can still attract guys
5. Nothing more but to maybe lead to emotional support, crying,
complaining one day on how her boyfriend treats her so bad BUT she
still with him, giving him blow jobs as he rides her to ﬁnish her oﬀ on her
face.
6. Maybe, just maybe she will leave him but I sense you’re a nice guy, and
doubt this is going to happen and best you focus elsewhere to gain
experience in dating girls.
If you was with your girlfriend…..would you start texting ﬂirty messages to some
girl out there EVEN when your girlfriend knows you date multiple girls?
I date multiple women but I don’t go oﬀ texting women in front of the women I
am with, right there. They know I date other women but you don’t throw it in
their face.
She won’t because she knows he’ll ﬂip.
I’m not in a monogamous relationship but it looks like they are, so if he found out
she was doing that, he probably go nuts.
Maybe look for you or whatever happens.
She uses these text to turn herself on and then uses it for her relationship, to go
and fuck the guy, ride him as he ﬁnishes her with a blow job or whatever.
I’m not going to go into morality here. I can’t be assed with it.
I’m just saying, don’t spend time with her texting when you haven’t got options,
when you haven’t got girls you are dating yourself and having sex.
They all have it easy with guys texting them and all that.
Put you ﬁrst! This girls way back in life. She can wait.
That is your priority.
I never, ever, gave time to any girl until I got that sorted out. That I have girls I am
dating, having fun and sex with, and so forth.
So sort that out. Approach girls, get dating, have fun.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man feel loved?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. When she didn’t have to get anything but she thinks of him and buys the
sandwhich for him. He feels her love.
2. When he doesn’t look great at times, she walks up to him and hugs, and
compliments him. He feels her love.
3. When she texts she’s going to be late home even if she don’t have to. He
feels her love.
4. When she loves his ﬂaws and his imperfections to make him want to do
better. He feels her love.
5. When the world comes crumbling down on top of them both, she tells
him, it will be alright and they’ll get through this together. He feels her
love.
6. When one of his relatives or someone close has died, she griefs with him,
and talks with him, and listens. He feels her love.

7. When she can seek attention, create drama but instead is upbeat, to
bring value into his life, positivity. He feels her love.
8. When the world is telling her, he’s the not one, he’s a player, an asshole
and she tells the world to go and fuck themselves, and stands by his side.
He feels her love.
9. When she can take sexual, hardcore words, and images he paints, and
she laughs, she participates and challenges him and shows she is his
equal. He feels her love.
10. When she desires to do all the fantasies in her mind with him and isn’t
oﬀended about what he desires, and together they agree to explore and
agree what to avoid, and sees he can talk with her openly on these
matters. He feels her love.
11. When he knows he has become a better man due to her loving, her
wisdom and sometimes her worry. He feels her love.
12. When she lets him know how she appreciates him and what he does,
when she doesn’t even have to. He feels her love.
13. When she pins him to the wall and goes down on him, and can’t get
enough of him. He feels her love.
14. When she knows how to speak in words to paint images to arouse him
instead of worrying about her age, how she is now older, how he may like
other women and focuses on the relationship instead. He feels her love.
15. When she sends him teasing and sexual messages on her dinner break.
He feels her love.
16. When they are walking and she sees a sex shop, grabs his arms and walks
in proudly and without worry about what the world thinks, to buy sex
toys. He feels her love.
17. When she dresses up in the most sexiest kinkiest school girl type clothes
because it turns her on and him too. He feels her love.
18. When she doesn’t treat him like another guy but her lover in front of
other guys. He feels her love.
19. When she can be the second voice in his head to critic his every move but
doesn’t. He feels her love.
20. When she will ﬂy to the other end of the world to meet him. He feels her
love.
21. When she gives him the unexpected aﬀection. He feels her love.
22. When she doesn’t compare him to any ex-boyfriend or any guy. He feels
her love.
23. When she listens to him attentively without trying to win an argument
and realises, who gives a shit who is right or wrong, and hugs her. He
feels her love.
24. When she apologises for mistakes, explaining what she did, how she did
it and she won’t do it again. He feels her love.
25. When he makes a mistake and he apologises for mistakes he did, what he
did, how he did it and he won’t do it again. He feels her love.
26. When she stands up for her man while others bring him down. He feels
her love.
27. When she doesn’t project the negative experiences of past relationship
on him but to be vulnerable with him. He feels her love.

28. When she ﬂirts with him, holds him, positively having fun with him in
front of others. He feels her love.
29. When she communicates with her man rather than bottling things up
and asking strangers on internet “what does it mean?” He feels her love.
30. When she is physically intimate with him. He feels her love.
31. When together they invest in knowledge, skill and other support to
enrich their relationship. He feels her love.
32. When they both lock eyes and smile, as the world rushes by. He feels her
love.
33. When he knows when he looks at her without her realising it so, and he
sees in all the people, in all the things, she is certainty and knows in the
depths of his soul this is certainty until the end of their lives. He feels her
love.
34. And when he stands - wondering why, as the ﬁrst dust are thrown onto
her coﬃn for all the memories to ﬂow - to see all the happines and joy
she brought into his life. He feels her love, even then.
That’s what makes a man feel loved.
21.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be better to improve conﬁdence and security BEFORE
a relationship or during a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do what you feel like doing and when you feel comfortable.
For me, I see it this way - if I waited until I was ready, conﬁdent to do what I do, it
would never happen. I got conﬁdence not from books. I got the conﬁdence from
going out, doing it, falling ﬂat on my face to get back up, doing some more until I
got good at whatever I wanted to get good at.
My advise for you, do not look for relationship.
Instead, approach to date and do go for exlusivity yet. Be open and honest when a
girl asks what it is you want but I have never had a girl once ask me that question
EXCEPT when I was so shit at doing what I do.
It just naturally moved to dating a girl, and then if I felt and she felt we clicked
after months, we were in relationship.
I dated a lot to gain experience. Been in relationships. Not all turned out so good
but later in life, you come with lots of experiences, skills, knowledge to get it right
and even then, you cannot control whatever happens.
The earliar you start dating, the quicker you learn, the faster you make the
mistakes but you also need to have the right mindset.
Read as much as you can, learn now as much as you can, do as much as you can
while you are young because I warn you as I warned everyone - when you get
older, if you haven’t the experience, knowledge, skill, and you’re resources are
small, and you have no momentumn built up, you will be like so many guys who
struggle.
You will be like the guys who got to learn everything at age 40 and they will have
it hard because their habits are hard to break, they stayed in comfort zone far too
long, they have social network oﬄine, they know only 3 people, the women
around them are not really women they’d want to date and the fear of rejection
for them is so high, they will bitch all fucking day about women.

Then you will do what most men and women do.
Tell us yourself and everyone…
“Oh I am ok being single, happy clapping life and so many men/women so
shit..blah blah blah sad story blah blah, bitching some more blah blah…”
But really, really, you are rationalising and always wondering if only.
It’s never too late even if you’re 50 but it’s hard, tough to change habits, to move
from nothing to lots of approaching, from getting out of house when world has
changed and ﬂown past you. To having no resources to now building them up
again. It’s not easy but it’s do-able if you got the balls and discipline.
So don’t wait.
Forget relationships for now and just date and enjoy the process. Learn now
because no one is ever ready.
Being Ready, having conﬁdence ﬁrst… is an illusion.
You don’t get conﬁdence by not doing what you want to get good at. I wish I could
say you can but it doesn’t happen that way.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should guys eat out girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s no “should” when it comes to sex and relationships. There is a mutual
respect between you. If you’re not into eating a girl out, then don’t do it. Be with a
girl who doesn’t want to be eaten out, or she might not see it as important
anyway.
Only you and the girl you’re with know.
If you and your lover enjoys it, ﬁnd. If not, don’t.
I personally, love eating a girl out but you need to do other things before you just
dive in and fuck her mind ﬁrst, arouse her ﬁrst.
I’m sure you can surf net, get books or whatever as I’m not going to bang it all
down here and start going into details.
But just know, there is no “should” in sex.
You and your lover need to be comfortable doing whatever.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would you leave your lover if they are too jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends. I don’t tolerate jealousy and can’t stand it but there are times when you
need experience and wisdom. Sometimes a person can be jealous but they need
help with understanding, knowledge and patience.
For example, before I left the monogamous model I was with a woman and she
loved and still loves me a lot. Though she knew from way back in the beginning
that I’m a lover who likes to date other women and sex with more than one
woman.
That time came, years later in which we talked and there…her insecurities kicked
oﬀ and though it was choking for me, I have known her for 16 years and she has
always been the loving woman to me. She has taken my ﬂaws, my imperfections

and so much more and while others walked away, she stood by my side. Never
judging me as a player. If it wasnt for her, I think all women were fuckng idoits
and out of their minds but she showed me more about women that I didn’t see.
I admired women because of her. I became loving to my mum and let much of
what said slide than I’d use to do before. She died to see her son forgive her and
love her in his own way.
I saw woman as warriors, are amazing career professionals who can take anything
on. I saw strength and yet compassion. I saw empathy while others saw to hurt
others. I saw many qualities that revealed to me of my own hindsight and
ignorance about women.
So when she showed these sign of jealousy and possessiveness, I asked her if she
is willing to take time to share her feelngs in greater detail and we talk, and keep
talking. She said yes.
And talked we did and through it I guided her to knowledge for her in her own
time to read, for her to just take her time as I wasn’t just about to go and bang the
next woman I see. It takes time, I got things I have yet to prepare.
Through a short period of time she read tons, we spoke and it worked out. I am
not saying it will be same for you or anyone else.
In the end it worked out and so no more jealousy and possessiveness.
It was a phase of growth for both of us and with it came a lot of lessons that I
could later pass on to other poeple, and in the diferent relationships I am with
now. It made me stronger, it made us stronger and it equipped me with a lot of
knowledge for later on.
So, it depends.
On what?
That’s for you to ﬁgure out.
Everyone’s situation will be diﬀerent.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to get rid of my insecure feelings that my
husband will leave me for a younger woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The looks, appearance, even penis size for men and women has occuppied them
for most of their life. What many women don’t know is that men can feel just as
self-conscious about their bodies as women feel.
That men can also be self conscious about their age, look and a host of other
things that women feel. For some men it is more and for some it is less. Even
when men say they wish they had added 4 inch more on their dick to make it
bigger, for most women, it is not that important.
The average size for many women size 6 is enough and some, well, some dream of
a 9 inch dick.
When it comes for women to select long-term partners then it is other features
and behaviours which men sometimes do not really focus on.
Why am I sharing to you what you already know?
Because I so don’t want you to do the mistake so many women I have seen do and
men do too. I can feel your pain from here and I want to share practical process
for you if you’d read and try.

So let me begin in sharing about man and what you can do that will capture his
emotions to such a level, his dick will go hard everytime he sees you to make the
world around him fade.
If you can tolerate my directness then you’ll be able to do so.
The testosterone receptors that live on our nerve cells withtin our spinal cord,
testicles, penis, and brain are the very things that activitate our entire sexual
network.
So what does that say?
You need to stop thinking about your looks as the key and focus on your man’s
brain. This is where so many women fail and men have failed with women.
The reason a man can make a woman’s body go crazy, her legs shudder, her hair
at the back of her kneck stand for her pussy drip wet WITHOUT touching her, is
knows how to focus on her mind.
He is fucking her mind ﬁrst thenher body starts to feel arounsed. Then the signal
goes through her body and she gets to feel.
It is mind with body not body with mind.
Where does infatuation happen ﬁrst? In the mind.
Where does lust happen ﬁrst? In the mind ﬁrst.
Where does the dick rise ﬁrst? In the mind.
Where does a woman’s body feel ﬁrst? In the mind.
So his entire sexual network is connected to his…brain.
The dick of a man can erect autopilot and even the men don’t always know they
are getting an erection. They don’t see a woman and think..
“Oh an erection.”
It’s “man I feel…..” and “Holy shit, look at her.”
Women and men are not that diﬀerent. Of course there are other diﬀerences but
when it is this, it is about the mind that stimulates emotions.. feelings.
Women sometimes notice a guys penis erecting when with him before he even
does and he realises, “oh shit.” And she starts to laugh or feel awkward.
Can you see what you’re missing?
This is the blind spot.
That true arousal and beauty for man typically starts in the brain.
We have been conditioned from the day we were born with story books of
princesses, blondes with blue eyes, tall slim women, sexy tight ass and all that.
All this information in our mind but…
All these cannot compete with a wife, a girlfriend, a woman who knows how
to talk to his brain. The way you do it is you let the brain know of the man
know you are his equal.
You cannot be his equal if you worry about your age and look.
You approach your husband as your…equal.
If you do not approach your man as your equal then the attracton, the mating
pursuing mode will be toned down so far for him to not be aroused,
He will feel your sense of fear.

He will feel your insecurities choking him.
He will feel the possessivenessa and jealousy.
He won’t feel what you desire him to feel because you’re approaching with
insecurities. He will feel you are not his equal but afraid.
How do you do it?
Through erotic thoughts and images you paint with your words and you
behaviour. Through your conﬁdently behaving as a woman who is a big deal.
A woman who believes in herself.
All it takes for a man’s brain to send the signal down his back, the spinal chord, to
his dick and it be such a shift, you’d see the man you ﬁrst met, the man who fell in
love with you, the man who still loves you.
But if you focus on scarecity his brain is going to pick it up at unconscious level
and you will behave in a manner that tells his brain you’re not his equal.
If his testosterone level is ok then you got no problems doing this. You just need
to learn how to do it. You need to now grow, add more knowledge and apply.
People stop growing, they stop learning, they think they are in a relationship or
marriage and think they’ve learnt everything now but not so.
You got to give love help.
You got to give your relationship help.
This is how you do it.
Now if he’s older, let’s say in his 40’s. you use physical touch too. Your words and
physical touch as you talk, but if he’s a younger guy, you only have to talk, picture
the images in his mind and all eyes will be on you.
So this time, behave as his equal.
Get your clothes on, put those high heels on, and turn the heat up. When you see
him, approach conﬁdently and move those hips like you is the queen like a
woman on a mission.
Lick your lips, push him down on the setee and paint images in his mind. Tell
him all Everything. Open yourself up to him.
Dare to do other things with him, take it to the next level, he’s your husband and
you are his wife, and you are his equal. So behave like you are his equal by talking
like you are, speak the words, create the images in his mind and stay way from
worrying about you’re age.
His brain only cares about who makes him FEEL alive more than any woman and
you can do that if you focus more on the relationship, than on your insecurities.
You’re spending energy on something that doesn’t help you.
Focus it on having fun with your man. Take it to the next level.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why did she send me a photo like that?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, she is not a slut.

Anyone calling her a slut is only revealing their own societal programmed mind,
their own insecurities, ignorance, perception and their own reality. It doesn’t
deﬁne her but deﬁne who calls anyone such bullshit labels.
This is why women don’t open up easily to guys they date. They fear being called
all sorts and now you need a lot of knowledge, skill, experience and conﬁdence to
help a woman to know she can trust the man she’s with.
Even when dating for years with a man, she won’t open up sometimes due to fear
she might be judged by her lover. So stop calling women sluts, whores and too
easy. Even if men are called players and all that.
Be in your reality and not get pulled into other people’s reality.
To your question mate, she wasn’t into you at all.
Seriously, how could you not see the red ﬂags from day one?
You was someone she used as a guy for her ego to be tapped. Nothing else and
nothing more. One after another life showed you to walk way but you didn’t have
boundaries and just kept going.
When a girl sends photos like that with guys, she’s with guys, she is putting you
down psychologicaly. When a girl doesn’t show intent you walk away. If you don’t
walk way then they play you.
She was craving for nothing more but attention from you.
Take it as a lesson. You had many red ﬂags showing she is pulling your leg. You
just wouldn’t listen to those ﬂags and kept going on.
Now ignore her.
Don’t reply to anything she sends.
Block her and move on and this time, if a girl does not show interest, walk away.
Also delete those photos. Don’t be that vengeful, bitter guy as it would do you no
good with other girls in future and you’ll never be trusted.
Let it go and move on.
256.7k Views · View Upvoters

Can you describe the feeling of love? I've been thinking about
this girl the ﬁrst time I saw her picture online even though we
haven't spoken a word. I don't know what's going with me but I
can't stop thinking about her. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with you mate. You’re ﬁne.
You’ll go through this many a times in your life but you’ll grow in understanding,
maturity and you’ll smile about it too.
It is one of life’s amazing gifts, the feelings, the emotions, to see someone’s face, a
woman and it ﬁlls you up with adrenaline, chemicals kicking oﬀ and you feel
happy on one side but also a sickening feeling in other as you realise nothing
much you can do or if you did, it might mess up.
It’s called infatuation.
It’s ok to feel such feelings but also you need to keep your feet on the ground. You
need some help to understand your mind and some tips.

That this isn’t love because love needs the other person to also feel attracted to
you, and for lots of things to happen, growth between each other, getting to know
each other, meeting each other, dating, overcoming challenges together,
discovering each others values and knowing each other at a deeper level. The full
blown experience through a long time span or short one.
The feeling you’re getting is called the New Relationship feeling.
It’s emotions, lots of chemicals but it will dissappear or tone down - if as an
example you meet someone else, or you do meet her and things happen, and if
there is nothing else, like compatibility, it will impact the relationship for both to
depart.
You’re sight is connected to something in your brain which makes you think it
might be love at ﬁrst sight.
In your brain, the part of the sexual pursuing mating area is what is known as
Hypothalamus. When you see a girl that has certain features you like, it
automatically lights up like a slot machine.
It doesn’t have to be face but the waiste, her breasts, her legs etc.
The number one of the mate detection circuit for men was visual and it still is
because when we are born we open our eyes later to detect faces. We see with our
eyes to make sense of the world we are in - but we also have other senses such as
hearing, touch and smell.
Girls are same but learn very early on on know how to communicate in certain
ways and the face for them is very important. They do look for other things and
they use every sense they got to assess a man.
While so many focus on how women go for good looks alone, a man of charisma,
boldness can excite her senses to be attracted to him when she ﬁrst thought she’d
not be. It isn’t his look but his Masculine Traite.
It is the traite of status i.e. his behaviour which so many guys overlook. Courage,
being able to walk right up to her and even if she is with a group of women you’re
not intimidated and with social skills can grab her attention, engage her and
engage her friends to ﬁnd you now…attractive.
Happened to me many a times.
Woman look at my look and nothing but moment I approach and begin
something psychologically, biologically and physiologically happens. The mood
changes, she sees me diﬀerent and feels diﬀerent to what she FELT when she saw
me with her pre-judging mind that works on autopilot.
So when baby in womb becomes a girl, she is ﬂooded with the communication
chemicals allowing her to communicate, empathise, engage with other wome and
see man in a diﬀerent way men think she does. The boy communication
chemicals is reduced to ﬂood with aggression and competitive.
That means, not everyhing is socially conditioned. That are things we are wired
with already within us and we can adapt and gain these communication skills,
social skills as men.
Just because one has these doesn’t mean they’ll succeed because women like
men will come with social conditioning which brings lots of fears with social
pressure, labels and conformity.
Back to you seeing a woman’s features..
The visual cortex is already prewired to notice women of facial and body shape
like the woman you see in the photo.

It’s not true that guys have one-track mind because what’s happening in the
pursue mating mode part of our brain is it’s highlighted much more than all the
other circuits.
Your brain still regulates all the diﬀerent senses and a lot is still going on or be all
over the place. You won’t function and you’ll be in danger.
It’s this part of your brain that has kicked oﬀ.
This is the part of the male pursuit mating mode.
Suddenly, all you can think about is this girl AND… how on earth can you get her
attention. You’re follow the commands of your sexual mating part of the brain.
That is why it feels like you must pursue and you’re spending too much time just
looking at her, her photo and probably her online page for information.
So it’s natural.
However - you need to now keep your feet on solid ground. There is knowing,
understanding and how to behave in certain manner:
1. You saw a girls photographs.
2. You’re mind kicked oﬀ, chemicals ﬂying, the pursuing nating mode is
now in motion.
3. But you’re are self aware with some knowledge and you’re mature to
understand it is not love but infatuation. A crush.
4. You also know you can get hurt real bad online. You know how powerful
hormones are. You know how people crave for attenton. They can
communicate with you online, tell you all the stuﬀ you like to hear, you
fall for such a person AND they disappear.
That Leaves you hurt, not knowing why they did that, where did they go
and how can a person be so into you, talk to you in such depth to tell you
how they so into you….and dissappear?
You can also show intent to such a level, I mean fall for someone and
they have yet to show they feel the same way too. This can be so online
and oﬄine.
5. This will hurt you. Still be vulnerable by showing your interest but also
be smart and real in your life. Infatuation can hurt you real bad if you
don’t have your feet on solid ground for your own emotional protection
and sanity. Don’t emotionally invest until they have shown interest and
have emotionally invested, dated you and gone through all the process to
even physical intimacy.
There is the other part to appreciate:
We as men grow up and are socially conditioned to hide our softer emotions.
So when we do feel anything, we hide it and we think it’s not normal because we
have grown up to believe we as men do not cry, we men must hide our emotions
from other people, from girls and we never grow to understand why we feel what
we feel.
We never grow up for someone to educate us and let us now why we feel this way,
how do we feel this way but instead we grow up being shamed as Jerks, as Players,
as Predators and even girls fear this too.
We are shamed for our sexual mode pursuit.
We are labelled.

We are judged.
Same with women.
It’s not a gender issue. Women get it too. It’s sad but that’s how it is in the world
that is societally conditioned.
Women also fear showing their feelings, their sexual desires to men because they
beling judge, label girls as sluts, whores, too easy when these words mean
nothing. They fear being isolated and many other fears.
The labels doesn’t deﬁne her or him.
It deﬁnes who says these labels. It deﬁnes their thoughts, perceptions, belief
system, ignorance, upbringing, fears and insecurities, the reality of whoever is
saying these words.
There is no such thing as player really, there is no such thing as slut, whore, too
easy. There is personality, traites, maturity, upbring, the environment we have
been brought up in, our desires and needs.
There is less boundaries and strong ones.
There is diﬀerent types of connections like one night stands, friends with
beneﬁts, monogamous, open relationships, long term open relationships, poly,
marriage etc. Depend on one’s desire, needs and wants, they go for whatever.
So we behave towards what we desire and need - and - socal norms, traditions,
rules, religion, people’s own opinions and belief systems, their peers….will like to
tell us our desires and our needs are wrong BECAUSE their peers says so.
That it is wrong because their religion says so, their mummy and daddy said so,
their teacher said so, their friends and how many followers they got says so.
And we grow up never undersanding why we feel this way, why our bodies going
nuts and become scared to even ask the closes people, our parents for the
knowledge, or friends, or co-workers and so we ask…strangers online on
annoymous mode.
Now imagine, you know all this and you know the fears people have including
women. She is a woman who has lived in a world where she has experienced
certain things in life, got judged, maybe hurt, maybe she was told such and such a
guy is this and such and such a guy who behaves this way is that.
All of it is information coming from other people, books, internet, friends,
mainstream media as well as her own experience creates her perception. He brain
is ready to detect a threat and it will assume whatever.
It’s not wrong. It’s not right. It’s not truth. It’s not fact.
It’s just her perception of how she sees the world.
It’s not personal. She doesn’t know you and no woman you meet does know you
when they reject. It’s not personal even if they try to make it sound so.
Now, do you really think it is wise to to pursue and speak of the photograph you
saw of her?
Yes, the brain is now on pursuing mating mode but do you pursue and highlight
you saw her photograph or use the knowledge you now know to understand how
to do this and if she rejects, no problem.
It’s her perception not yours.
Knowing she is a hunan being with feelings, thoughts, probably tons of
insecurities, fears and her mind is ready to detect danger?

What then do you do if you like to ﬁnd out more about her?
You realise this is infatuation and it’s not love.
1. Go outside and protect yourself. Go and outside and look at all these
beautiful girls. Hit your circuit hard to realise there is no such thing as
the one. She isn’t unique yet to you. She isn’t special to you yet because
the only one who is, is the one who spends time nurturing time with you,
shows she’s interested and…desires you too. The one who follows up and
dates you, spends time with you, respects you as you respect her.
2. Then approach and date girls oﬄine and get some experience. More
experience you have with dating girls, the more mature and
understanding you become about your mind and body.
3. Because if you pursue and nothing happens, you might get hurt.
Especially if you fell for a girl just on her photo. It tells me you lack
experience and understanding about girls, dating and maybe not
experienced with girls, sex, relationship etc. It also shows you have no
options. You will become needy. So lessen the pain if it does happen. Be
wise, be smart for your own protection and sanity.
Now if you want to approach her:
Approach her, by sending her a message NOT about her looks, her appearance
but ﬁnd something about what she posted.
You ﬁrst look at what she is posting and engage on these things. Built some
history in the engagement ﬁrst. Be witty, fun or whatever.
You ensure information about you is there, with interests and all sorts.
So if her mind triggers threat it will grab her attention and she will pursue to
gather information about you. That information needs to be there for her if you
want to make it easier for yourself to show who you are to her.
Just know what you feel is natural and it will happen again and again.
It’s not because she is the “one” but that your mind kicked oﬀ with chemicals
You’ll go through this again and again, and grow to be mature about it.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you have a favourite teacher?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my favourite teacher was an art teacher and she was also a science teacher.
This was when I was school years ago. I won’t say her name.
She knew I was into space, time travel, nature, art and every fortnight she’t have a
book for me. She would drink tea outside in yard and and her sandwhiches
outside whe dinner break came upon us.
I would sit with her and we’d talk about space, time travel and she’d tell me about
the diﬀerent countries, history and also of diﬀerent artists and their life story.
One of the best teachers that made a positive impact in my life.
It was one of the reasons I made a goal to travel to see the diﬀerent countries and
the places she told me about.
I recently traveled to Van Gogh museum and art gallery and I could still hear her
voice as she explained to me all the paintings I was looked at while walking
around. I wished she was with me because I was there due to her teachings and

inspirational stories. I learnt a great deal from her and I feel she was one of the
best teachers if not the best in the school I went to.
Here’s one of the paintings I liked which was showcased in the same gallery. Not
of Van Gogh but of an artist who took his style and used it for his paintings:

Our favourite discussion with her was about space. She loved to talk about the
universe and what could be out there. She helped me to use my imagination and
to paint from my imagination.
One of the teachers I really do miss and whom I visited once in a while before she
retired.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why did my long distance boyfriend suddenly ignore me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: My long distance boyfriend just stopped replying to me. Why?

No, you didn’t do anything wrong.
I hope you’re ok. You have to be pretty resilient, with long distance. You’re going
to meet all kinds of people.
It’s why I am patient with people when it comes to long distance because they
might be studying, exams, stress and so they’ll disappear for a while. Or some
dissappear and never appear again.
The thing to avoid is doing anything rash but also focus on a solution that works
best for you. For example:
My primar focus is I am dating locally. When you have options, believe
me, you’ll feel better. You’ll ﬁnd your focus and that attachement fades
away.
You let them know that you are dating locally and if they ok about it,
great. If not, dont start long distance relationship with them because
they cannot promise anything.
If long distance happens, then at least you got you feet on solid ground.
You can easily move on if they dissappear because you’re dating
someone locally. Its their loss if they don’t consistently communicate
because you know yourself worth and what’s on oﬀer. Plus, you have
seen now they weren’t that great of a person anyway. You also
experienced what happens if you don’t get local dating sorted out ﬁrst.
Long distance does work but it’s big risk especially if one person is not mature, is
irresponsible and doesn’t really realise this is someone’s heart they are messing
with. Feel lucky because imagine if they were in your life and they behave this
way due to stress. They just fade away.
Long distance is not the question here but rather people’s own true characters
shine through. Just because it’s long distance for me with some women, doesn’t
mean I am careless, heartless and do whatever I please so a person gets hurt. I
actiually step up communicates because I know assumptions in one’s mind
might run rioit.
But I cannot say that for anyone else. I only know myself and I only know I am
honourable in my interaction and my words. Most people you’ll ﬁnd online are
not and use the opportuunity to get a kick of emotions, craving for attention, or
they in a rocky relationship and need some emotional comfort but when

done,they are back with then person or their life - leaving the other person
hanging on and hurting.
That’s why I make sure I also date locally and they know. No one can promise me
a damn thing until we meet, until we get intimate, until we get physical, until
some years gone by and even then, some break up.
So you need to make sure you are protected emotionally while still being able to
be open with whoever you’re communicating with.
Hope you’re ok and I hope things go well with you.
All the best
9.4k Views · View Upvoters

What do outgoing guys think of shy girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m an outgoing guy and my answer is…nothing much.
You’re, well, in sight but nothing else.
Probably…
He showed interest with you before but found you don’t smile at him, you are not
showing any signs for him to see you’re approachable,
You seem nervous, hidden when he’s near you and therefore, the mind will think
you feel threatened, you feel you desire your space and so oﬀ he goes, talking to
other girls who do talk and who do engage.
He probably wishes you did show some interest.
He probably wished you weren’t shy and said hello and talked, laughed with him.
He probably was interested in you but he discovered it’s just too much hard work.
He doesn’t want to get humilated, rejected and you seem to be or perceive to be
someone who might scorn at him and refuse him outright.
You’re not showing interest, you’re not conversing and so he better put his time
elsewhere.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people go on dates if they're not looking for a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t have to desire a relationship to go on a date. Everyone doesn’t want a
relationship. There are diﬀerent types of models that doesn’t need the hassle, the
rules, the social norms and traditions that has been societally programmed in
society.
Everyone has a diﬀerent desire, needs and wants.
1. People want just sexual experience
2. People just wants intimacy
3. People just want emotional support
4. People just bored and want company
5. People want relationship with one person but no sex
6. People want relationship and everyting else including sex.

7. People go on dates for relationship with diﬀerent people/includes sex
None of these are wrong.
Everyone doesn’t date to be in a relationship and the label. Some do. Some want
committment and all that. Some don’t.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do men NEED conﬁdence to get dates?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It helps. With conﬁdence gives you the edge. If I can explain it, it be like this..
Let’s say you’re really good at something and so, you feel comfortable doing this
one thing and with it will be other skills too. So if you go to an environment doing
this one thing often enough, you get used to also the environment, the hustle and
bustle of the industry as well.
Through time you face diﬀerent challenges and you solve diﬀerent problems. You
ﬁnd much more about you and you wish you knew such things before. You keep
going and you ﬁnd out later in life that people recognise you know more than
they will know in a life time.
Why? Because when they got questions, you know the answer but more
importantly, you know their blind spots because you saw yours.
You know why, what, how it feels and what to do to ﬁx it.
You can talk about it, you can share experiences, you don’t give a shit like I do
when some low esteem person tells you, you are so boasting about your blah blah.
You don’t care because you know what you know and you keep doing it as you
block dipshits like that out of view.
You will have Charisma and this will be projected out onto world to atttract good
but also the assholes, the bullies, the envious. the ones who think sharing your
own experiences, successes and how to do thing is boasting, and ﬁnd yourself
being calm and collected when such people come out of their hole.
Like this..

So not only will conﬁdence help you but also your attitude and experience in
facing such people. You will calm, collected to not get sucked into their miserable
fucked up reality, but they got to live in your reality or piss oﬀ.
These are not 13 years.
These are ADULTS! They probably got children of their own and pretending on
here being nice and all that but behind scene, behind that real mask, they are not
who they say they are.

You’re going to meet these people when you step out of the comfort zone.
By the way, I get tons of these messages and I get so many guys when I am in
night clubs and here and there, trying to distract me from women I am with.
Same with women trying to act like a bitch and think being a bitch is strength.
You need to know how to handle these people and put them in their place
without aggression but wit, charisma and also as a person who shows them to the
world…..they are the socially inept.
They’ll walk back where they came from with their tails behind their legs or
usually when I nod my head, the security knows me or bouncers, and they’ll be
thrown them out.
Like how I report them to the moderators here on Quora.
This is why I don’t have my comment open anymore. No one is entitled for that
either. I don’t want approval, acceptance from community or anyone. I come here
and I share and I’m gone.
Similar then with dating.
If you’re conﬁdent, then you’d have high self worth, you’d want to go out and
approach people, socialise and it be like natural to you because you have been
doing for years. You are ready, know how to handle diﬀerent personalities and
ready for the ones trying to cause trouble with you.
Conﬁdence takes you to the places, it leads you to do more, it helps you to
overcome social pressure, it helps you to overcome anxiety and it gets you to just
do it without seeking approval.
You are bringiug value to the table and you’re looking at who is your equal and
who will see your oﬀer but at the same time, you are seeing if you are also
interested in what they have to oﬀer when approaching women.
It’s not like, woman just makes a choice of saying yes.
You’re not approaching to get a yes in beginning. You have self worth and you’re
approaching to ﬁrst out if she got what you want and you got what she wants. It’s
negotiate by showing intent ﬁrst:
1. Show intent imediately while convering to gather information.
2. Do you feel you can get along with her or not?
3. Is she someone you’d want to even spend more time with?
4. Does she treat people around her in a friendly manner?
5. Do you ﬁnd yourself attracted to the woman you got to know a little more
or has it put you oﬀ?
6. If you are attracted to her then you now qualify her for her to show
interest in you. If she doesn’t, bye, bye.
7. You can now exchange numbers to later meet to see more on
compatibility. Let’s say you’re very high sexual and you ﬁnd she is not
into sex at all ie. asexual. She then isn’t compatible with you. Nothing
wrong with her but let’s not bullshit ourselves.
You desire sex when you get intimate and so both are not compatible
with each other. You move on to do same thing again with other women
until you date many to ﬁnd someone you really into and compatible with
you.
So you also have that choice to walk away if she doesn’t behave in the manner
that you like. She’s or any woman is not entitled for you to suddenly say yes and

go with what she wants when compatibility isn’t there.
That includes if you are following rules like no sex until 3 days. She is not entitled
and so you move on to someone else who don’t follow these rules and gets on
with it.
You don’t need to take shit from women or when you ﬁnd there isn’t
compatibility you have this idea you can’t say no.
That’s neediness and it will lead you into a unhealthy relationship.
If you’re a man, she be waiting for guys to approach but you got hundreds to
thousands of women to approach. You’re not waiting. You’re going for it. You’re
an action taker, proactive instead of passive-aggressive.
You’re not waiting and sending signals.
You’re not out in the open approaching, socialising, connecting and building
more resources than someone who isn’t conﬁdent and is a bit intimidated by it
all. So if you want to increase the speed and results, it helps.
Now does it mean if you are quiet person you can’t get a date?
No. You can go to places where quiet people go. You can go to meetups, events
and all kinds of things and meet like minded women and men.
But you need to know how to handle yourself if some creep, some asshole, some
woman or man tries to pull you down.
You need to stand up for yourself.
So the world is ﬁlled with so many diﬀerent people and you decide which works
best for you. I am not much of a person for book clubs, meet ups and I do have my
quiet time at home, reading, writing, painting, watching a movie too.
But I like the party time, the excitement, lots of people, socialising in night clubs,
large events and so forth but I also love, really love being with a woman I am into
and chill with her watching movies, documentaries and doing all kinds of stuﬀ at
home, just relaxing together.
It’s a balance.
The key - you can’t sit at home reading a book, drinking coﬀee, watching movies
and then wonder why you haven’t a date.
It’s not going to happen this way except if you get really good with dating
websites, tinder and all that but I like the face to face approach.
Online takes too much time, too much hassle on who the person you are talking
to and you may never meet.
People easily dissappear and there is no face to face, it’s a bit diﬃcult to trust and
takes time. I do online but I know I must always do more oﬄine because I live in
the real world, it protects me from getting emotionally fucked up.
Balance is the key.
11 Views · View Upvoters

Does this girl like me? I know your asleep but I just wanted to
let you know that I love how you take the time to talk to me ❤
and how nice you are.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like is diﬀerent to attraction.

She’s playing safe if she is attracted to you. I would distance yourself with texting
and pick up the phone, talk with her and make the intent clear.
That way she then has to show intent too and she will let you know if she’s
interested in you in a sexual romantic attraction manner or she will say she only
sees you as friends.
For me, I don’t take phone numbers from women who I am attracted to until I
have shown intent, qualiﬁed so she shows intent and it is clear there is attraction
and then we exchange numbers. I would then only text a few times and lead to
phone to talk, build on attraction more, build some comfort and lead face to face.
So sort out step 1 fast so you don’t invest tons of time to ﬁnd she isn’t attracted to
you.
Now online it be diﬀerent due to a lot og things, like long distance if it is one. You
can’t very well meet then next day or week.
So please look at my advice with context.
592 Views · View Upvoters

Do you think a young man with wealth can ﬁnd a woman that
really loves him, for more than his money?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, if you do the following:
1. Don’t talk about your money, assets, business etc.
2. Tone this down low and lead conversaton to other things. They don’t
need to know what you do exactly and how much money you earn.
3. With myself, I also tone down what I wear. The watches, car and all
things that turn people’s heads. Low key.
4. Take time to know the woman and observe, look at how she interacts
with other people, waitress and her perception regarding the world and
life.
5. Don’t go to expensive places. When I am dating a woman ﬁrst time and
for sometimes, I do not take them to expensive places and I keep them
away from friends as they ridicolously rich and wealthy.
Now you can just enjoy her company and the conversation.
Let her get to know you and you get to know her values, her belief system, how
she interacts with waitresses, waiters, some friends as time goes by.
Listen carefully and take your time.
People have patterns and these patterns will resurface when relaxed. Especially
after sex when done many a times.
Not all women will go for money and status.
I know many amazing women I met they are not materialistic, love a man who is
intelligent and even if he isn’t making a lot of money, but he has drive, goals,
purpose and is striviving for them. It’s much more about him from within.
So take your time but ensure you don’t display the material wealth and that
includes verbally.Watch how you dress. Tone that down a little and remove hot
watches, rings and anything that triggers the image you are wealthy guy.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy stop contact after a romantic weekend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Give him more time. A guy who disappears won’t be interacting on your social
media page and saying to leave his stuﬀ.
Sometimes our mind will ﬁll the gaps.
Also, pick the phone up and call him. Have a talk with him. I think it would do
you both good to talk on the phone.
Make sure you talk to him on phone. Honesty sometimes our minds gets the
better of us and gets in the way.
You’ll know when you talk to him on phone.
EDIT
Thanks for update I got from edit.
Get your stuﬀ and move on. You have sent him messages, called and no reply.
He’s still active online and he isn’t give you feed back. At least get your stuﬀ back.
It’s really bad form.
People just shit at communication or doing things like that. They come into your
life and they they do that.
I would also approach others, keep your options open until you ﬁnd someone
who prioritises time for you. I don’t understand when guys online, and
interacting here and there and yet doesn’t even reply to your messages and phone
call.
5 Views · View Upvoters

I feel like it's time to end our relationship because I need to ﬁnd
myself. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You must have been under extreme pressure because your studies were piling up,
you needed to revise, you needed to stay focused and not spend lots of time with
the boyfriend.
Rather once or twice a week and even if it was everyday, a couple of hours is
enough so I don’t know what you was up to because you’d have had plenty of time
to do what you needed to do.
Has nothing to do with ﬁnding one self.
You need what you needed to do but avoided doing them. It piled up and so you
lost direction by your own inaction. You lost focus.
This is about your own self discipline, your own core values, your own focus in
following your path.
I’m dating multiple women you won’t us talking about ﬁnding ourselves. Why?
Because:
1. We knew what each of us are passionate about
2. We encouraged and inspired each other to go for it
3. We spent time on our own dreams than our insecurities
4. We focused in ensuring we are not needy and rather responsible
5. We made sure we had our own goals

6. We had our own plans
7. We executed these plans
If you are not into him anymore do not say..
“It’s not you, it’s me,” and “I need to ﬁnd myself.”
Just be honest. That you personally want to move on. Then take the lesson you’ve
learnt to grow. See it as a positive and a growth which will enable you to better
manage your life and any relationship in the future.
There is wisdom in these phrase…
“When you learnt a lesson, don’t let it go.”
This is how it is in life. We learn and grow if we are honest with ourselves.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over the fact that the girl I love is a slut?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you put labels on someone else:
1. It doesn’t deﬁne them but deﬁnes you
2. It deﬁnes your ignorance
3. It deﬁnes your lack of knowledge
4. It deﬁnes how deep you have been socially conditioned
5. It deﬁnes your immaturity
6. It deﬁnes your belief system
7. It deﬁnes your attitude towards yourself and world
8. It deﬁnes your perception
9. It deﬁnes your reality
Nothing else and nothing more.
Slut, whore, too easy, player and all the rest are labels that have been invented to
control tha mass with fear/insecurities. Invention of modesty. Invention of
shame. Invention to control the masses.
There is no slut.
There is no whore.
There is no too easy
There is only societal programming which has trained society to do things,
behave in a manner to get a response. You and like everyone else, as well as
myself, from the day we were born were trained to embrace, follow a set of beliefs
and thus you embrace social norms, traditionals within your life that is
favourable to your…peers.
This girl then is no slut.
This girl is no whore
This girl isn’t easy.
This girl is a human being.

And she may have many desires, sexual desires, diﬀerent personality as anyone
else, she is an individual with her own mind and does things for her to feel what
she desires.
Anyone else labels her, is someone that is showing their own insecurities and that
is why you ask this question.
It is not a fact. It is your perception.
This is your insecurity not hers.
This is you feeling uncomfortable not her.
This is your comfort zone not hers.
This is your perception not hers
This is your belief system not hers
This is about you not her.
You educate yourself.
Google social conditioning and educate yourself.
Books:
Brainwashing, Conditioning, and Indoctrination: Amazon.co.uk: Denise Winn:
9781883536220: Books
The Science of Thought Control: Amazon.co.uk: Kathleen Taylor: 9780199204786:
Books
Engineering Human Consciousness: Amazon.co.uk: Jim Keith: 9781931882217:
Books
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

When you like a girl should you always text back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I met her oﬄine and I liked a girl then before texting her..
1. I would have approached ﬁrst
2. Face to face I show my intent by ﬁrting, being playful
3. I transition to conversation to get to know her, still playful
4. I qualify by asking her about what qualities she has as beauty is too
common these days. If she answers then she is showing interest
5. I then paint a picture of what can happen, still playful, fun
6. I get a little serious but not too much to show I am interested in her
7. All good, I now give her my mobile to add her digits and I and mind to
hers (if I haven’t her number. I went through process to ensure intent is
clear. That we are attracted to each other)
8. Now it is clear I am interested in her and she has shown interested in me
I can now text her to build attraction and then lead to dating. I am fun, sexually
indirect and if I ﬁnd she is sexually conﬁdent then gradually intensifying the
sexual tention to now lead to phone, to then meeting face to face for the date.
Texting. The goal is leading to the date.
It’s not used to talk for weeks and months on end.

Use it to lead to the phone or you can lead to meet up for dating.
If she’s online:
1. Usually it is always gilr sending me messages because of my conﬁdence,
what I share etc.
2. They give me compliment and I reply.
3. I then see if she is going to continue the conversation.
4. If she does then I lead .
5. If she doesn’t, I will try later with a fun question and to see if she is
conﬁdent, sexually conﬁdent, fun and doesn’t take life so seriously.
6. Then I converse with her to get to know her and so we can connect at a
deeper level to lead through process I have already mentiioned.
7. Sometimes though if it’s long distance, it will take longer but I date
multiple women locally anyway and the girl will know. It’s reason why
she is connecting with me. She can be who she is with me without being
judged, and be sexually open in words and conversation too.
I won’t go into Tinder and dating sites as they are diﬀerent model and process.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Situtation: How would you react (see the details)?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If I lived with my parents
2. And girlfriend came over
3. I’d be responsible to not drink and get drunk
4. Drinks hidden if I did drink. I know how to sort logistics out
5. So sex won’t be shit
6. For memories to trigger shame, embrassement, when there’s nothing for
her to be ashamed about.
It’s called being responsible.
You’re job was to be responsible but you didn’t.
Now on reaction if I was in your place?
I won’t react.
I’d comfort her, get a taxi, take her home and make sure she is ok until she gets
sober. Then learn from the lesson.
986 Views · View Upvoters

Should I trust people that only tend to look at the positive side
of life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Trust, by what someone says, whether positive or not? You need to raise the bar a
little more than what someone says.
Words are ﬁne. I like people who speak positive. Love it.
However, I base the trust on the following.
1. Action

2. Consistency
3. Reliability
People can make all kinds of reasons for a lot of things but when it comes to trust,
well, it is fragile and so I look for much more than words.
I’ll give you an example from my world that can be irrelavant to your world but
it’s my world and it illustrates clearly what I meam.
Two girls.
The ﬁrst girl…
She knows I like mystery and also I don’t show my face until we truly meet, so
that she gets to know me not my looks or anything else.
1. Says she’s attracted to me.
2. Tells me in words and all the positive things about what can happen, the
way she sees the world and so on, all positive. Tells me she is daring,
bold, adventureous, very highs sexual and want to experience all we said
together.
3. Tells me in more words
4. No other action.
The second girl:
1. Says she’s attracted to me
2. Tells me in words and all the positive things about what can happen, the
way she sees the world and so on, all positive. Tells me she is daring,
bold, adventureous, very highs sexual and want to experience all we said
together.
3. Sends me a video of her dancing naked or doing whatever.
4. Sends me photos of her face and also naked ones
5. Tells me she desires to me and gives me her phone number, her email
address.
6. I now show my photo but it’s not relevant. She’s into me.
7. Buys a ticket and ﬂies over to meet
8. We meet and she is still exciting, positive in words and sexual as she said
she is. He behaviour consistent from the very begining and all the way
till we met and when she left, and even afterwards.
Now who do think I’ll trust more?
The one who took the action, aligned her actions towards who she said she is,
how she sees life and met me face to face.
So I don’t just look at words, whether it is positive, whether it is about what
someone says they are.
She was more reliable than the ﬁrst girl and she took action. She showed me she
lives the life she says she does and desires. She continued to be the very person
she says after we met and when she left.
I trust people who put their words in action consistently.
I look at behaviour not just words.
817 Views · View Upvoters

How do you have deeper conversations with people?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jul 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends. If you’re interested in someone and you want to show that, then don’t
just say hi or compliment but rather ask them some questions no one has asked.
As an example, a girl said
“Hey, I saw your painting, looks great.”
“Thanks. Yours look cool too.”
Dead, gone.
Yes, I did try once more to give her the opportunity to show herself but nothing.
Same thing I do with women on here with private messages..
“Hey love your writing!”
“Thanks blah blah blah.”
I ask a question as nothing is happening but doesn’t really go anywhere. No
problem. I am busy and doing my own thing.
But now look at the diﬀerence here by this girl who connected with me so
amazingly well. I smiled at her conﬁdence.
You don’t get this often but when you do, wow. Love it…

[suggested to include a picture of your painting.]
Me - I would but I will promise you, I will be ﬂagged, I will get warnings about 20
of them and probably banned. My paintings are very sexual and hardcore.

She said….
“Hey, I saw your painting, it tells me something about you and I ﬁnd I am similar.
Like this woman here, the way you painted her and very erotic, sexual, literally…
turned me on. I felt how it penetrates deep inside me like someone is making love to
me right now. I felt a connection with you. Am I right in saying you are open
minded, have travelled the world and still yearn to experience more?”
Kabooooooooom!
She gets me straight oﬀ .
She observed my work.
She highlighted obvious traites of mine.
She also connected her values with mind.
She showed sexual interest.
Then ended it with a question for mea to now lead.
So observe something about the person, expand it, connect it with your
experience and to the person, and add a question.
It doesn’t have to ﬂow sexual. Just lead it to wherever you want. I just love women
who speak like that and I attract women of such conﬁdence and who go for what
they desire.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I let my girlfriend have sex with her ex once?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let her?
Buddy, mate, pal, come here for a moment (arms on his shoulders)
Sssssh. She probably already went to his place, had sex, probably ﬁnished him on
her face, or on her ass, and she’s now wondering if it’s ok but on safe side, she is
letting you know so if word gets round you’ll hear her say:
“But I already said and you was like ok about it.”
Or she’s going to do it anyway if she hasn’t.
It’s called Early Frame. Get the person ready for the message because when it
happens, well, you can’t go oﬀ saying you didn’t know ;)
The second thing, she isn’t your property, a product, an item to take from the
shelf and say to line of lads..
“Alright lads, go ahead with the gang banging, she’s all yours now.”
Yes, I probably risking tons of girls right now, hammering on private message on
how I am a sexiest bastard or guys giving telling me “you jerk, you..”
But had to answer to open your mind to the reality of things.
There is no such thing as letting her to do anything because she’s her own person.
She’ll do it anyway or has already done it, and did all the Kama Sutra positions
with him. If you’re in a monogamous relationship, there will be boundaries and
she will know the deal about such things.
Hey nothing wrong if both of you are not monogamous as I am not monogamous
so I don’t have this challenge. Women I date can do whatever and there’s no
insecurities, jealousy or possessiveness. We have some rules we make up and
agree with but not much.
But from what I am reading this is a monogamous relationship.
Now if you desire to change the model of the relationship, if both of you into open
relationship or poly, maybe sit down and see if this works for you both.
But…
If you’re both in a monogamous relationship and she wants to cheat then she will
do it anyway, with or without your approval.
They key is what do you want from the relationship?
Do you want to be in a relationship where your girlfriend is having sex with her
ex?
If so, then the dynamics of the relationship changes.
52.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get ideas to write good lyrics?
Adam Taha, I writing lyrics and sing for Pop House Tracks
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ideas to come to me so fast, everyday, consistently, I needed to live my life. I
needed to give my mind as much help it needs. So you need to live, to experience
more, meet new people and you can even watch movies if you like which make
you feel and get inspired.

But I love connecting with the world and so I travel the world and I connect with
people and I also grow close to women, gradually feel something deep inside me,
fall in love for the words ﬂow. I carry note pad as words come to me and I am
constantly inspired by what I see and experience.
For example, these are lyrics of a song I am working on due to a real life
experience.
It’s called..
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Do you wanna feel alive again
Like you got wings to ﬂy
Like you got nothing to hide
Like your heart is open wide
As you’re breaking through the atmosphere
You’ll see planet earth from up here
The answer suddenly becomes clear
There is nothing else
Nothing else to fear
Like you’re swimming in the the Milky way
Constellations guiding you to me
You’ll be far away from home
You’ll never feel alone
Just close your eyes and hold tight
You’ll travel to me with the speed of light
And when we meet you’ll know
You’ll know
You’ll know
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Do you want feel alive again
Like energy growing from within you
You feel your heart is racing too
You know something gonna happen soon
As you ﬁnd yourself on Triton Moon
You’ll see diﬀerent worlds from up here
The answer becomes clear
There is nothing
Nothing else to fear
Like you’re swimming in the the Milky way
Constellations guiding you to me
You’ll be far away from home
You’ll never feel alone
Just close your eyes and hold tight
You’ll travel to me the speed of light
And when we meet you’ll know
You’ll know
You’ll know
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right

Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
Everything Gonna Be All-Right
As you rest your head on me
You’ll hear the words you always want to hear
Everything…gonna be…alright
Everything…gonna be…alright
Everything…gonna be…alright
Everything…gonna be…alright
1k Views · View Upvoters

What is normal for friends with beneﬁts?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friends with beneﬁts need boundaries. This is how I do it:
1. We agree on the boundaries
2. We meet for sex
3. We don’t go out on dates
4. We don’t interfere with other relationships
5. We can date and have sex with other people
6. No Jealousy and Possessiveness
7. And we don’t have to tell each other anything. It’s ﬁne.
8. When we desire sex, we call and if we feel cool about it, we meet and hot
ravishing amazing sex.
9. Then we shower, have a chat, chill with each other and then we go our
own way.
It gets complicated if..
1. You don’t ﬁrst sit down to say what the boundaries are
2. What you want from the relationship exactly
3. One or both are insecure; neediness, jealousy and Possessiveness
4. One thinking there’s much more when there isn’t
5. And when you ﬁnd this out you don’t communicate
6. And when you do and the person still doesn’t get it, you don’t call it quits
and move on.
I have never had problems with friends with beneﬁts because of the steps I have
mentined and I do remind women I date where we stand.
I need to because sometimes the other person will try to frame the relationship
into something that isn’t.
Now when and if I feel that things going really great and if, just if, we feel more
for each other, it moves to another level with woman understanding I date
multiple women. So no jealousy and possessiveness.
And again it has worked ﬁne.
It works for me due to years of experience, skill and I ensure to be careful who I
want to be a fuckbuddy with me.
59.1k Views · View Upvoters

How were you before and then after coming to Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was..
1. Conﬁdent
2. High self esteem
3. High self image
4. High sexual lover
5. Dating multiple women
6. Creative
7. Working with producers around the world
8. Travelling to around the world
9. Wrote tons every day
10. Making money
11. Excited about life
12. Making tons of friends
13. Having the time of my life
What changed?
1. I am more conﬁdent than before
2. My self esteem shot right oﬀ the roof
3. Self image stronger
4. Attracting more women
5. Dating more women
6. Sex life increased and is amazing
7. Attracting women on Quora without sending any messages. They
contacted me and met some, dating some, amazing women.
8. My writing now is digital and working on the designing of the website,
strategy and future plans
9. Working on my books
10. Busy with skype session from lots of people who hire me on here, who
are high income earners and want knowledge on dating, psychology with
dating and solving problems with dating/relationships
11. Travelling much more
12. Quora allows me to share more for many to read and beneﬁt
13. Life is just brilliant, awesome, sexy and more money
So thanks very much :)
15.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are some eﬀective ways to de-stress?
Adam Taha, Been to school and done that shit. It's history.
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are diﬀerent types of stress but we won’t go into this at moment because
last thing you need is tons of information. I use to be a teacher in school, college

and later university.
Here’s my advise which has helped students:
1. Get plenty of sleep. Sleep can ehance your performance. If you’re not
getting enough sleep then look where your time is being taken.
Watch it with youtube videos and all kinds of social media. They can
consume your time. Just allocate time to get adequate sleep.
2. Spend more time in studying and preparing. The more you do this, the
less worry you have in trying to memorise a ton of work. If you leave
things far too late it can pile up on you and create a lot of anxiety. The
more you give a lot of time ahead the more relaxed you’ll be. Don’t cramp
tons in one week. Allow plenty of time to gradually do your studies.
3. Learn to study eﬀectively. Have a process and plan to stick to and that
works best for you.
4. Study or have mimic tests in the classroom or building where you will be
taking the tests/exams in future. It will get your mind familiar with the
conditions and environment. You’ll be less nervous and stressed.
5. What calms you down? Is it a shower? Is it squeezing a plastic ball? Is it
walking outside? Hot steam sex? Ok if you’re 15 ignore that one but you
know what I mean. Find an outlet to get to calm dow. Is it running for a
bit. Or get some punching bag, or pillow and go for it until you sweat.
Whatever it is, do it for 15–25 minutes.
6. Have good died. Don’t skip your meals. It can impact you in so many
ways. Please try to eat reguarlary and consistently. Look after your health
above all else.
7. Again, make sure you have plenty of time to do things. I know, it’s easy
for me to say this and it’s not the same as you going through. I do
empathise with what you’re going through and I hope these steps help
you.
If you ﬁnd you’re still struggling then consult someone in school, a guidance
advisor that may help give more support.
All the best.
827 Views · View Upvoters

What is the point of having a girlfriend as a teenager?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That depends where you are because when I was 15:
1. I had sex with girls and in every damn position.
2. I even had two girls, so threesome.
3. Had lots of friends with girls so I could go out to parties with girls to have
fun. Also I had options to choose who to date and have sex with.
4. I attracted other girls because girls pursued me and mostly from what
they heard from other girls regarding the sex.
5. But I was in England and an Arab who didn’t care about social norms,
traditions and was always the wild one.
But what if you can’t have sex?
1. Get good at attracting them for now

2. Conﬁdence in approaching girls
3. Improvide social skills
4. Improve conversation skills
5. Improve with connecting with girls
6. Have someone to go out with and have fun
7. You got girls when party happens
8. You’ll know what friendzone means and how to get out of it ;) Joke.
Relax.
Beneﬁts From Dating at a young age and having sex, relationships:
1. I have options. If one woman dissappears, I am dating others and can
attract other women. Not needy. Not jealous and possessive.
2. Experience in attracting, dating and relationship
3. Know how to ﬁlter out the pain in the ass woman to get to the high sexual
women who are into what I am into. Peace of mind! No drama!
4. Healthy growing relationships with multiple women.
5. Know how to solve logistic and relationship problems
6. Relationships - I don’t follow social norm and I also don’t need to lie and
cheat. I date multiple women and they all know.
7. Conversational skills
8. Sexual experience
9. Know how to emotionally connect
10. Conﬁdence
11. High self esteem
32.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I constantly search for and look at pictures of my ex
and his new girlfriend? What is going on in my mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is so easy for many who have access to internet to stalk their ex because you
only have to google, and BANG! Their whole life is sometimes in your face.
The reason it happens:
1. Emotions. When you met the ﬁrst time the chemicals kicked oﬀ and
after a while it faded to be replaced by other emotions, other feelings and
these become cravings. When you are emotionally invested and
attached, and you break up, it doesn’t mean you stop loving someone.
The emotions are still there and so it is now an addiction until you know
how to sort it out.
2. Comparing. Another factor is you will do to compare yourself with who
they are dating and their life too. You’ll look for other lovers and try
comparing yourself to them and look at yourself and compare to these
lovers as well as your own outerlook/appearances. These are reasons as
an example while girls associate themselves with attractive girls and
don’t realise they are attractive themselves and just need to buuld their
self esteem.
3. Obsession. Grief becomes an obsession. Instead of spending time to
heal, live and move on to do many things in their life; this stalking

becomes an obsession that takes over their life for years.
If you have noticed on Quora or your friends - you ﬁnd they break up with this
person and still have these cravings about their ex. Instead of moving on with
their lives they are still orbiting and sadly hoping the ex changes, and comes back
into their lives.
They also do other things which can hurt someone else they just met. They might
meet someone in a night club, or party or whatever, and hook into this person
because this person satisﬁes their addiction, which is where rebound comes in.
They crave for the emotions, the feelings, the New relationship feelings.
But when the ex shows interest again…they leave to go back to the ex without
wondering why they broke up in ﬁrst place.
They just hurt someone, someone who spent time with them and just like that,
they dissappear and move on. I’ve seen this happen maby times to many people.
It’s sad and it is selﬁsh but when one isn’t mature and responsible, well, this is
what they do to themselves and others.
So it’s emotions. It’s cravings. Like an addict.
The person will do something, get reward for it but then feel shit about. Once the
reward has happened like looking at a photo, it spirals back down.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zane Stackhouse

Do you think my boyfriend will ever trust me when he has
never trusted me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hey, the problem isn’t you. This isn’t about him trusting you. Don’t put such
heavy burden and carry it on your shoulders because someone is insecure.
This isn’t your shit to handle, it’s his.
He has low self esteem. He’s got low self conﬁdent. He’s the one with the low self
image. He’s the one carrying the baggage and so, you dear have been carrying
such shit on your shoulders for 2 years!
There is no reason to be with someone who doesn’t trust you and then pass it oﬀ
as it’s about you. This is about him, his insecurities, his baggage and most of all,
projecting past experiences onto the relationship.
I have to say, I admire your persistence, the love you have for this guy because
you are gem in this world. You’re someone who keeps loving someone who
doesn’t trust you but love isn’t enough.
He has issues you cannot solve.
It’s unhealthy because he will become jealous and possessive. It will turn your life
upside down with drama.
So if you think he will change, forget.
You can’t change and ﬁx someone.
So don’t put so much on your shoulders, you did your best and well, he hasn’t
woken up from the dark place.
This is like girls who date girls and guys who dump them, and then they rush
back to these guys, forgetting why they broke up, and on and on it goes.
Love yourself.

Let go of changing anyone.
I know you love him and care about him a lot. I do understand but love is not
enough when someone is unwilling to work with you for each other’s happiness.
No use being with someone who doesn’t trust you.
I hope it works out for you whatever you decide.
All the best.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal to talk to yourself?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s normal?
Can you measure it?
When we were children, we learnt to talk to ourselves. We would also mimick the
sound and words we heard from others, including adults. When we played with
toys or when we were scribbling away on paper, we talked to ourselves.
As children, we’d talk to ourselves as we did tasks, like doing our laces, putting
our clothers are, ﬁguring our way out of things and into things.
We’d talk as we did the actions to help us later solve the same problems and other
challenges in the future.
Lots of things we did as children that will seem “abnormal” today..
But as we grew older the societal conditioning or what is known as societal
programing slowly got us to conform with social norms and customs. We began to
try and ﬁt in and become like everyone else….afraid.
We became careful to not talk to ourselves in front of people and we grow to
fearing being judged as crazy, or belittled, ostracised and even isolated.
There is a lot of immature people and people who don’t give a shit to use what
they see as funny to make themselves look important. The result scarring lives
just so they can feel powerful and in control.
Also talking to yourself even now, helps you to organise the man throughts
through your mind as you are doing things in your life.
Yes, you can write things down but sometimes it is best to talk out your goals with
yourself, until you feel assured to write them down in an organised fashion.
It helps you to out things into greater perspective and most of all, it relieves stress
too. You are able to bring it out in the open.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend and I are taking a break with our relationship
until we see each other in 3 months, what may happen with us,
what has happened to you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Communication is very important. It’s not the long distance which get people
messed up. It can be locally or long distance but it won’t be these that break
anyone up
You see, when it is local, it is easy to hide your insecurities and ﬂy through
meeting each other face to face. In fact, it’s so easy that most ﬁnd themselves

dating people who are immature, lack much substance in conversation value,
emotional connection even though sex is there.
But as time goes by, the infatuation is gone and so, people then blame it on how
they don’t feel like they used to and that must mean they are not in love.
Not, not really.
It’s chemicals. It’s gone. I don’t know how many people fall for the tricks iof their
mind, biology and myths about dating. It happens a lot.
It is because the New Relationship Feeling has gone and now it needs deeper
connection. It needs one to do what they needed to do from day one which is
compativility.
Compatibilty is an attitude - the attitude to work together on a process they
believe in and work together towards a goal they believe in, which is for each
other’s happiness; without them having to foreﬁt their personality and
individuality.
Long distance, is where your own insecurities are heighten. They are amplﬁed
100 times over, and that is not due to the long distance.
It is due to these..
1. Existing insecurities
2. Lack of cnﬁdence
3. Lack of self love
4. Lack of self image
These get your mind creating assumptions when the person isn’t contacting you
for 1–4 days and you think they are gone. These put pressure on the relationship
and not really the long distance.
The conﬁdent, the ones who have high self image, high self esteem will not let
these get in the way. Nor will they make long distance as some issue or to
question their relationship.
Instead they will work towards a solution in which communication is still there. If
you go without communication for a while, it might create awkwardiness later
on. I won’t advise people doing that for a long period of time.
So what can you both do right now?
1. If you love each other and truly want to make this work, don’t blame it on
the long distance and focus on strengthening your communication.
2. Make it certain when you’ll both be in touch with each other
3. Swop details, emails, facebook, phone, so if any of these mess up you can
still connect. No excuses to not contact each other.
4. Make an agreement in a sense when to connect at least once a week.
5. Focus on your lives and be busy and do not burden each other with
drama, possessiveness and jealousy.
6. If you have a question don’t assume and ﬁll in the gaps in your minds.
Connect and be patient. You’ll ﬁnd much is just in your mind.
So it’s a matter of communication.
Don’t let the communication go. Even if it’s once a week. Keep that going
whatever you do.
All the best with your long-term relationship

1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Ever been caught by your parents, while doing something
naughty with your girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was standing outside on bannister looking down.
My mum, sisters and brothers left to go shopping.
I saw a blonde girl walking on small ﬁeld of grass in front of maisonette buildings.
She looked up and I smiled and waves, and got talking for me to go down the
stairs to meet her face to face.
5 minutes and we’re already kissing, and then I asked..
Me - are you the shy type or adventureous
Her - Adventureous
She knew what I was on about and so we went up stairs, in my mums house, up in
bedroom and had sex, once, and then we rested and again, to ﬁnish eating her
out, and then she ﬁnished me with a blow job.
Moment that happened, my mum and rest of family are walking into house.
I’m Arab and well, the world I was in is steeped with religion, customs, traditions
and so we were stuck up stairs, in my bedroom. She was getting nervous and I was
like..
Me - chill. It’s cool.
Slolwy I opened door and took her hand and we sneaked down the steps and by
the time we reached the door, my mum was behind me and she saw the girl.
She looked up as if looking towards my bedroom, looked at me, and was about to
say something but turned to walk away.
In other words, she knew, that out of all brothers, and sisters, this one here is the
dark horse, the rebel kind and all her dreams of me getting married to some Arab
girl was out of the window.
Now I should have learnt my lesson.
No, not me.
Two days later, we were at it again and she likes bondage. Light bondage, so I tied
her hands on head of the bed, blind folded her, began the foreplay, feeling her
white creamy skin, her kneck, earlobes, all way down to her thighs, nipples,
breasts and eating her out. I took my time and the girl loved it.
I thought my mum would be out longer as she usually does when meeting her
friends at other side of city, and so I thought it be ok. I took longer and wanted
her to feel all the feelings I felt inside as well I wanted to fully satisfy her with
great pleasure.
Wee moved to riding each other, doing all kinds of moves, I didn’t hear the door,
and my mum opens the door.
She sees me fucking the girl, doggy style and slams the door shut back again.
We stopped, the girl panicks and I am like…
Me - Oh shit.
We got dressed.

Everyone was in living room as well as my mum. Me and the girl walked
downstairs and the she went home.
It ended with me leaving home the next day to ﬁnd my own place and my life as a
Arab young guy dating multiple girls started.
My mum knew the days of me following their custom was over. I still saw my
mum once in a while but each time it was short lived. I could only stomache 10–
15 minutes conversation, nothing much we talk about.
Much of what she said was to try to create guilt and shame, but I was never and
will never feel guilty or ashamed about sex, dating women, sleeping with two…
three women at a time, to many relationships.
My life was so diﬀerent and nothing I could say. I hid a lot of secrets and I
couldn’t really share them with her, my brothers and sisters. Much of it she
wouldn’t agree with anyway and so, the conversation died fast.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it appropriate to wear heels if you are taller than your
boyfriend or husband?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Appropriate for whom? Society? What it looks like for everyone?
I hope women I date don’t ever think that they cannot wear what they want
because they might look taller than me. I don’t care.
What I care about is she is comfortable, feels awesome to wear whatever she
pleases, for her comfort without ever worrying on whether it is appropriate for
society or even for me. And I don’t need to say it for her to think this either.
I hope every woman I date already think this in their mind.
Taller than me and if she high heels, good for her. She likes to wear them,
awesome. I am not deﬁned by my height and nor is she.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in a long distance relationship. We have been talking
everyday for the past month but his phone has been switched
oﬀ for a week. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you haven’t got any other contact details don’t let your mind ﬁll in the gap.
Sometimes it can play havoc. Yes, a week is a bit much but wait and see what
happens. Don’t contact his mum or anything.
Give it more time and see.
If he does show up, stay calm and ask what’s up. Communicate then but in a calm
manner.
All the best.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if your bf always checks your messages
although you've never cheated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he’s:

1. Insecure
2. Jealousy ahead
3. Possessiveness ahead
4. Doesn’t trust your privacy
5. Doesn’t trust you
6. Has some history that makes him insecure
It doesn’t matter how long you’ve been together. Whether months or years.
Insecurities like that rears it’s ugly head and isn’t healthy for relationships.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do students go quiet when a teacher asks a question in
class?
Adam Taha, I went to school and I won't do it it again...ever
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I say it in one sentence..
Social Peer Pressure.
The brain primary function is to detect threat. The moment the teacher is going
to ask someone in class a question to answer, the brian kicks in with tons of fear.
Suddenly the student feels nervous, anxious and uncomfortable.
A movie is replayed in the mind and some of it is wired and some of it is socially
conditioned with fears of being picked on, bullied, laughed at and all kinds of
social peer pressure shit.
It is now on survival mode.
It is now on ﬂight mode.
The eyes, the ears, the body and all senses are impacted with huge dose of
“Holy shit!”
Yes, you’re heart begins to race, your muscles tightens and you pray to the gods
and thor, and whoever that the teacher does not choose you.
The brain assumes many things and much of it is all fear based because we are
societally programmed to attach our value on what others think about us.
Therefore, the student thinks…
1. Oooh what wil everyone think of me?
2. Is anyone looking at me?
3. What if I mess up?
4. What if I don’t sound right and girls/guys laugh at me?
5. What if the girl I like thinks my accent is weird?
6. What if I don’t look so cool to everyone else?
7. What if I….get….picked on later because of this.
8. What if I fuck up on some sentences and everyone points and makes it
into a joke that goes viral on Youtube, facebook and Instagram?!
This is sent to your nervous system and you begin to feel the awkwardiness. You
begin to feel sick in your stomache. You start to look away and hope you are not
chosen to answer the question.
So it is all this..

Worried what someone else thinks of them, what someone else will say about
them rather being conﬁdent about their own opinion about themselves.
That’s why students hide, being passive and try to take the safe option. The
moment the teacher chooses you, man you’re brain goes on overdrive to assume
you’re under threat when you’re not.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Arab men: would you marry a nonvirgin?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m Arab and I can only answer from my personal view. There are diﬀerent Arabs,
and it is not a belief or religion. I am more of a Masculine look type of Arab and an
Arab who knows a lot about the world, travelled the world and my mind is very
open, not rigid and closed.
So while some Arabs follow some religion, traditions, social norms and societally
conditioned to follow set rules, beliefs, norms, I don’t.
If I am into marriage and she isn’t a virgin, yes I would.
I won’t care if she sexually conﬁdent as that is what I desire. I won’t care if she has
slept with other men and I won’t ask how many either. I don’t care. Of course we
do discuss about safety, protection and if one has had this or that. I am open to
answer these questions too and got nothing to hide.
She may not be experienced as me, which is ﬁne, but what matters to me is
compatibility. She similar to me in that she is sexually conﬁdent, can talk about
sex and all her fantasies to me open. She loves herself, she is conﬁdent, mature.
She has a positive attitude and an attitude in which she can show me certainty
that we can work together to make whatever we desire happen.
That it isn’t about age, education, nationality, belief and whether she is a virgin or
not. It is about compatibility and that’s an attitude, a process in which we can
work together.
I look for the following:
1. Is she sexually conﬁdent?
In other words, she isn’t insecure about talking with about sex as I need
to know what her needs are, what her desires are and what boundaries
she has and same with me communicating with her.
2. She’s secure and loves herself.
She embraces that I date multiple women and isn’t Jealous and
Possessive. That way if any women I date meet each other, they get along
and they do as well. They do get along, they do have fun with each other,
go shopping together and we don’t have any kind of problems most go
through.
I make sure to screen out women and ensure that the women I date are
not going to create problems with other women. I want women I date to
feel comfortable, safe and they can feel free to never worry about such
drama’s.
3. Is she open minded?
Women I date are also Bi. So they are attracted to women too. And I don’t
mind if she wants to date, have sex with other partners. As long we are
honest and open with each other and so, we don’t need to fall trap to the
social norms, traditions, pressures and lie, cheat when it is all there if
one desires too without any control, any jealousy and possessiviness.

4. Is she kind, compassionate, loving?
These are very important for me. I desire women who I date to be kind,
compassionate, loving, and can show this with me, in smiles, touch,
laughter, consideration of my life and hers. Is it there after sex or will she
change into someone else?
That she takes interest in what I am into as I do with her. That she treats
other people around us with kindness too, no matter what belief, colour,
nationality and job they are into.
5. Is she materialist?
I am not into materialistic women. I am into women who care about the
important things instead of trends, fashion, brands and worrying if she
ﬁts in the crowd. I rather spend my money on important things, like for
us to travel, to enjoy life, see the world, help with goals and dreams, and
give to people who is in need if I can.
6. Is she a woman of maturity and certainty?
In other words, does she know what she wants. Has she experienced
what is out there to realise that such things as a man who is conﬁdent,
with high self image, high sexual, loving, a dreamer, with a greater
purpose in life who isn’t possessive and controlling is very hard to ﬁnd.
That the grass isn’t greener on the other side because she now
understands the diﬀerence between infatuation and love, and how love
is not enough and it needs work. It is not work that is so hard but it feels
eﬀfortless, without drama and games.
The grass is greener where we water it the most.
Is she mature to let go of these games, insecurities and show certainty,
instead of always being insecure with fears it might not happen, it might
go wrong and so one holds back to show vulnerability.
7. Is She Consistent?
Or does she build a connection and suddenly dissappears for months on
end without even saying anything?
Consistency is something I observe through the span of time - days,
weeks, months and see the pattern. Is she emotionally strong and is able
to show vulnerability or does she ﬁnd herself scared to dissappear? Is she
consistent in her communication or does she one day happy and next
day drama?
8. Has she Humour or takes life so seriously?
I like to relax and be fun. I sometimes say the stupidest damn things. Is
she going to take it serious and judge me for it? Or is she going to laugh at
my lame ass jokes, not take it serious and just look deep into my soul? I
ﬁnd so many girls, women up their asses being judgmental and serious.
Like then world is against them and ever guy is playing some game. I
can’t stand such people and I know in the end, they’ll dissappear
anyway. It’s cool. They just won’t meet me ever and see much more of
me.
As you can see so far I am very diﬀerent than most Arabs AND Non-Arabs. I am
open minded, love myself, conﬁdent and have high self image. Women who date
and become lovers with me feel so relaxed and happy.
Most women I date have this perception about Arab men who are controlling but
this isn’t a nationality issue.
You see this in many communities and communities.

So you’d need to ask questions, get to know the man because every Arab is
diﬀerent. Some of us don’t follow set religious rules, social norms and traditions.
Some of us forged ourselves to be the men we are today and didn’t have the
luxury of being brought up by responsible parents but had hard time, had to
ﬁgure things ourselves.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Does he love me even though he has a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is he monogamous or does he and the girlfriend he is dating believe in open
relationships, poly etc?
If he’s monogamous and you are too….move on.
If however he’s like myself he believes in dating multiple women and these
women he dates also know this, and you are feel this way too - then explore with
him.
Yes, a man can love other women. He can date other women, be in open
relationships, poly, fuckbuddies and love these women. There are diﬀerent types
of relationships.
But this is not the issue here.
The issue here is what do you want.
Are you into dating guys who are already dating other women or not? If you are
the jealous and possessive type, if you believe in this “one” and “soul mate” can
only be one partner, then you won’t and it be diﬃcult for you.
2 Views · View Upvoters

Why do young women from Europe (18-20s) wear short shorts
above their butt cheeks and not feel shy about it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No mate. Here’s what you don’t get.
Why are you so concerned about why they show their asses?
Many girls I know do not wear short skirts and shorts because they want
attention. They do it because they want to feel free, feel the sun on their legs, and
don’t give a shit about what others think.
Also have you been shopping with girls before?
I have and it’s not easy ﬁnding exact ﬁt. I swear, I will never go shopping with
women again if I can get out of it. It’s a fucking nightmare. They enjoy it but when
I saw how it’s not so easy ﬁnding what you want, due to sizes, colours, all sorts, I
was like..
“Fuck me! I am so glad I don’t need to go through all that to ﬁnd what I want.”
I learnt so much about women when I went shopping with women I date. Man the
things they got to go through. You need to go shopping and see how they do it. It’s
like a science. It’s some mastery shit.
I was so interested that I started asking questions and it was amazing what they
were telling me. If companies even listen to women they’d make so much more
money.

I went shopping also last week, just once because one of my lovers lost her job
and I saw her really sad as she tried to ﬁnd clothes for a party. She hasn’t been out
much and many of girls I date are quiet and don’t go out much and some do go
out a lot.
So I asked her..
Me - what up love?
Her - Oh, nothing.
Me - It’s ok, tell me what’s up.
Her - Well, I got clothes for work and gym but I haven’t got one dress for the party
coming next week.
Me - Is that’s all that’s worrying you?
Her - Yes.
So I smiled and said
Me - YES! I always wanted to go shopping with you
Her - You did?
Me - Yes and what better time than now to check out some awesome clothes. I got
about £500 on me and so, let’s go!
Her - But…but..
Me - Love, look. I love you. I am not doing this for anything to get from you. Let
me do this. It makes me feel as a man ok?
Her - Ok.
And so we went shopping and I knew from experience what was going to happen.
I was ready for it in a sense but also not.
Many shops, going from one to another and I couldm’t believe how some shops
just shit at accommodating women. Many of dresses don’t ﬁt, colours not right,
this and that, and on it goes.
It took ALL DAY to buy 4 gorgeous dresses for her. ALL DAY!
And it was all about the colour, how it ﬂows, the sun on the legs, does it go with
the shoes, how long it will last, blah blah blah blah, and on it went.
I admire their passion, persistence, the way they are gathering information like a
super spy agent collecting intel on all the shops and store it in their minds.
Sometimes they’d see a dress but not buy it because they haven’t the shoes for it.
So they wait for price to drop, then buy the dress and the shoes and it be same
price total of the dress a month ago.
They got some strategies under their sleeve.
I could write a damn book on it if I spent time with all women I date and we’d
learn a great deal about the decision making, the reason for these dresses,
colours, make up, this and that, and it won’t be anything in a man’s mind or what
society really thinking.
“OOoh look. She wants to show their ass cheeks is why she wears these shorts. So
inappropriate!”
So most of them love shopping, like an adventure, like an experience. It’s so easy
for me to ﬁnd what I want but for women I am dating, jeesh, like a nightmare
sometimes just seeing how they shop.
I just know “Jeans, dark blue or light blue, waiste size, and length.”
And I can go into many shops and in 5 minutes…I am done!
It’s easier for guys. No problem but for women, nah, very diﬃcult. I admire the
way they shop. It’s fun, it’s exciting, they make a day out of it but man do they

have to go through so much shit to buy one dress or shoes, or shorts etc cetre.
Some wish they can just stop wearing bras to relax but no, someone has to stare at
their erected nipples and start doing what you’re doing, talking behind their back
and judging them.
Probably some guys will act like fucking idoits groping the girls too.
Slut, whore, and all that are socially constructed labels.
What’s a Slutty Type?
It’s nothing more than bullshit that is socially conditioned into society. It is
created to drum up insecurities, fear and it doesn’t deﬁne these girls.
Your “I don’t get it why they show private parts,” is a prime example of the negative
impact Societal Programming has on people, because they think it’s something
rare, something new, doesn’t go with the “Social Norms” and their peers.
That it isn’t favourable to their peers which you have grown up with, conditioned
to now ask such a question and to slide in the “slutty types.”
Has nothing to do with what these girls wear.
This is really…YES REALLY about YOU.
This shows who you are.
It deﬁnes you not the girls.
It deﬁnes where you are in your mindset, your upbringing, your perception, your
reality and has nothing whatsoever to do what these girls wear.
Everything has nothing to do with what they wear but really, your own socially
conditioned insecure mind has triggered a sense of insecurity within you to write
this question. It is a perception. Your perception.
There is no slutty types.
There is no slut.
There is no whores.
There are people who are sexually conﬁdent, and people who conﬁdent about
their body, have high self image and don’t give a shit what other people think.
There are girls who are attractive due to their conﬁdence in themselves and how
they so want to feel free to just be who they are, wear what they want, and to just
relax being women.
It’s none of anyone’s business what they want to wear.
There is only girls who wear clothes they want and that is it.
Nothing else. Nothing more and everthing else is in your head, put there,
conditioned over the years - and it makes you uncomfortable.
If girls want to show their buttt, they can and they are, and good for them. They
are conﬁdent and more mature about how they see themselves than most people
who are socially conditioned to ask questions about it like it’s a big deal.
67.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok to feel jealous?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s an emotion, a feeling. You can feel whatever you feel. We feel anger,
dissappointment, fearful, happy, joyful and jealous, possessiveness. If that’s how
you feel, then ﬁne…
But..
The person needs to take responsibility of their own behaviour, their own actions
and how they behave with their lover - when they feel this way.
So trying to control someone, because you’re jealous and becoming possessive is
not ok. If someone I’m dating is jealous, ﬁne but if it starts to cause problems,
behaving in a way where one is trying to be controlling, manipulative, creating
drama, doing the silent treatment and pointing negativity at me because of it…
then no, it’s not ok.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you learn from being in romantic relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Being in relationship has given me a lot of experience, insight within myself, with
my own insecurities, my own mindset to later develop them to be stronger.
As well as the diﬀerent types of people, the skills for relationship management
and so much more.
On other side in a sense of romantic, it has given me wonderful feeling, in which
we have amazing deep rich conversation that you can rarely if at all have with
strangers, associates, co-workers, closest of friends and relatives due to fear of
being judged. Also most people you meet are wearing social masks.
You’re not going to get that kind of intimacy from them and a deep sexual
intimacy that is much more than just sex. There is sex and there is intense
passion for each other that is combined with love. Though both are diﬀerent, they
can be together with someone compatible.
So with lovers I am with….we can communicate about anything, sexually, soft to
hardcore, and experience these as well. So I will know everything my lover
desires, and I mean everything she fantasizes about, desires to do and she hasn’t
told any of her friends, anyone but me because she knows as an example I won’t
judge her but desire to experience all these with her.
You can’t very well have such conversations with anyone, not these conversations
and can’t very well do it on your own, that is if you don’t want to masturbate and
using sex toys all your life :)
I enjoy as well the surprises, which amaze me when I get to know someone
deeply. Like, a girl who we talked, connected, answered my question on the music
she was into. She’s young and I’m a middle aged man who date young girls. Very
mature, smart, intellectual, not materialistic and I’m not materialistic either.
I love the outlook and perspective she has in life.
Everytime I talk with her, she brings so much value to the conversation and I do
cherish each interaction and conversation we have. Also her bravery, courage and
honesty which I admire. It’s a rare quality to ﬁnd such personality and character
in world we live in and people do not realise it so until you see what’s out there
and realise, such things are gems to experience in life.
I’m honest myself, very direct, sexual and conﬁdent in how I express myself. I
learnt that maturity isn’t about age, and she is evidence of this by her own
maturity, her own perspectve and way she converses. I don’t see her as young but

really an old soul, and someone who truly gets me. Not once did she judge me
and so, you cannot talk like this with everyone else out there.
You don’t get this deep emotionally connection and also openess on each others
deepest desires, and be able to talk freely.
What I didn’t realise until today is when I listened to the bands she said she was
into. It suddenly hit me. Again as you can see, we still grow and learn and I found
I needed to be more attentive to what she wrote. It happens and we are all human
beings with our own ﬂaws.
I have found someone who is into what I’m into but I know she is busy with her
studies and probably in deep shit with it too. So I cannot say much until we talk
again. It’s ﬁne. I’m busy myself. I’m a patient guy and a man who dates multiple
women. So it’s ﬁne.
But from what she shared withn me is only are we very compatibile but she’s into
what I am into. Many things and I just realised, in certain music.
For example, at home I put music/songs I am into but these are not music I work
when in night clubs, recording studio. You get tired of that shit and I got no
problem with commericial music but it doesn’t have soul and depths for me.
This here does…

I play this song a lot on my guitar and I also sang it in front of 8,000 people with
backing band of quartert.
This song here means a lot to me because a friend of mine was seriously ill and so
he wanted me to sing this song and I did. He later past away but his mum said he
was so happy to hear his favourite song played with a live band.
I hired a live band into living room while he was ill, with his machine, laying on
the settee and sang this song and other songs for him.
So when I knew she’s also into this type of music then it opened my mind even
more about her. It’s weird and yet at the same time marvelous how you meet
people; people you slowly fall in love with and who remind you of the good things
and the good people in your life.
But also how so diﬀerent, far away and yet so similar and close you are to each
other. Funny how years ago, I saw my dad and mum be in a time where black and
white didn’t get along and yet, here I am dating white blonde women, conversing
with them as lovers. The magic of life and romance.
Like there is no diﬀerence in colour and belief. Like we are so the same in many
ways and the diﬀerences are but things that brings us even closer.
For example…I wish and can’t wait to say to her, how I am appreciative I am for
her to share these songs because it brought back memories.

I was so tranced when I heard them on the youtube video, I totally forgot of the
conversation like I was in a diﬀerent world, a place I loved and experienced.
I wish I could say….I was walking today, through the busy streets of London and I
stopped because I heard a familiar sound.
It was this song on video, summer time.
I followed and it lead me to a cafe and on wall was the Beatle poster. The same
poster we talked about and I sat there, ordered my coﬀee, and it was like she was
with me, even if she was living at the other end of the world.
I remembered every conversation we have had and it was like we were talking
with each other, right there, in the cafe, as the music played, and the conversation
we had replayed like I was sitting opposite her, holding her hand, while we talked
back and forth. That there is so much more I want to ask, so much much I like to
know and so much more I want to share.
You get memories like this in a relationship.
You get to be vulnerable. You get to take the risk to know someone and to slowly
fall in love with them. You get to let it happen, knowing full well you might get
hurt if they don’t understand what has appeared in their life is not so easy to ﬁnd
but also….you get the day if the person does - then it’s happiness beyond
measure.
Nothing is without risk. Nothing is without putting yourself out there.
Nothing so rich and enriching, loving ever comes without showing vulnerability.
When you do ﬁnally meet and all hangs in balance, like a thin ﬁne thread for both
to realise, everything is going to be alright.
I’m a man of certainty with years of experience, knowledge, skill and if it wasn’t
for these, I doubt any of my relationships with women would ever ﬂourished,
grown to such happines and harmony as they have.
Which brings us to the question…
What can you lean from being in relationship?
More than from not being in a romantic and sexual relationship.
A lot more that will impact one’s life, enrich the experience and make me be
better at choosing who to date. It has deﬁnitely helped me to understand the
importance of conﬁdence, the damage insecurities does, the ugliness of jealousy
and possivess, the reason to ensure compatibility above all else and that love
needs help.
Love on it’s own cannot survive. It cannot ﬂourish.
So I made sure to learn all I could, experience much in life, invest in the
knowledge, experience to give love a ﬁghting chance because we are in a world
where so many are immature, unwise, inexperienced about love and ﬁlled with so
much myths and misconceptions about relationships.
That takes experience and it also means you need to be vulnerable, open, honest
and yes, you will get hurt but you will also grow. You will remember and it hurts
because it is real.
Don’t complain it hurts.
It hurts because you loved, and it is real but you will ﬁnd someone who has hurt
also many a times, and they will cherish what you have brought into their life
more than someone who has yet to even be in a relationship.

That is my personal opinion and that is all what Quora answers are. An opinion.
Our perception we share. Take it or leave it, your choice.
How you use that information of pain depends on your own thinking.
I know how to sort out problems when they come up and can identify them early
on and faster. I know how to solve logistic problems, conversation challenges,
emotional challenges and if any insecurities rise I know why and how to sort
them out.
Plenty of people out their who will fuck you over if you cannot see your blind
spots and you won’t see them because you’re not experienced in romantic
relationships. The insight and the social instinct came with lots of lessons and
you need to have experience, knowledge and skill.
I learnt how to attract women, how to lead, when to walk away, how to screen
women who are pain in the ass, the jealous and possessive; the manipulators and
drama queens.
I learnt how to identify who is really interested and who is not faster. I learnt how
to engage, arouse, make a woman heart race, her pussy wet, her imagination
going crazy and she is so comfortable that will tell me all her secrets and desires.
She will because she knows this is the man who won’t judge her and who desires
to experience it all and make her fantasies become a reality with him.
I kniow what questions to ask, what to avoid, how to escalate, how to turn the
heat on, how to increase sexual tension and how to do it again and again, and
again for for a woman to orgasm multiple times.
And she would have shared how to do so because she knows this is a man who
desires to satisfy her intellectuall, emotionally and physically.
I learnt how to love in a positive way.
I learnt what pain is but I also learnt how to forgive and let go, but will not forget
because I need to learn from these lessons too. It helps me to answer tougher
questions and be more vigilant but not judging.
To give one a chance if they show interest but with knowledge of my boundaries
and values. I too desire to know their boundaries and values. It’s how I show I
care about someone and someone I will grow to love deeply.
I learnt about myself, my weakness and my strengths. I can see far ahead than
most who haven’t been in a romantic relationships.
And if you one day have children, you can prepare them with teh REAL
knowledge and not the bullshit social norms, myths and fairy tales. Isn’t that
what most adults suppose to be ready for if they want children?
That is why so many teens grow with so many questions on this and the one who
suppose to have the answer, has failed to give them the knowledge. All they know
is myths, fairy tale, social conditioning nonsense, social norms and traditions
that will not help them in times when they are truly in need of answers.
So if you don’t know, they’ll go somwhere else to ﬁnd the answer.
So one day you might be in relationship but you will face greater learning curve
because relationships needsknowledge, experience, skills and they come with
challenges.
You’ll one day wonder..
“I wish I saw that coming!”
“I wish I knew what I know today.”

You can’t get these insights by watching and hearing what other people say. You
have to experience it all for real.
You have to be vulnerable and that’s not an easy thing to do for most people. They
fear being hurt and call it something else.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I’m 19, he’s 17. Is he interested? How do I ask him out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Will long distance and the age gap work?
You are over thinking far too much?
You’re overthinking this far too much. Step a few steps back. Don’t look far too
ahead but to ﬁrst focus on the task at hand.
1. Be honest and open that you are interested in him. Contact him.
2. If he shows interest and says so openly with you, move to step 3. If not,
don’t waste time.
3. Begin commnication openly and ask questions. Make it fun and remove
awkwardiness and gradually lead to more sexual questions, desires,
needs etc.
4. Look for compatibility. It is not age, income etc. It is an attitude that you
both believe together on a process to make it happen. It is an attitude
to….make…it happen for both your happiness. Even if you’re in other
relationships. Being honest and open will bring more happiness.
5. If you are far away from each other, in diﬀerent countries then
communicate. Be consistent and have empathy. You both have a life. It
may take months or some years depends on many factors. But these
should not really be a concern if you’re into each other.
One of the things you need to watch out for in long distance is, if any have
insecurity issues jealousy, possessiveness, neediness then it will amlify 100 times
fold.
I found people who have a lot of conﬁdence in themselves, self love, have dealt
with their insecurities succeed in long distance. They have matured. They have
seen what is out there. Maturity is not age, it seldom is about age.
They have understood what compatibility is and they see they have it.
So ensure when you do ask question to look for compatibility.
Here’s some more tips:
1. Don’t let your mind ﬁll the gaps. Be patient if you don’t get a message or
text, or call in a day or few days. Relax. Things can happen. People get ill,
overworked and busy. Also there’s the Time diﬀerence.
2. If you have any questions, be open and ask. You need to know where
each other stand and it’s ok to ask. If someone isn’t ok about it and cause
drama then there will be drama when you do meet.
3. You might not meet for a long while if you are so far apart in world. Be
patient and date people in your locality. Don’t let neediness get in the
way because insecurities will amplify a lot.
4. And what matters most is the moment. All that is done to come to the
moment you meet face to face. Remember this moment not insecurities,
jealousy, possessiveness and drama.

So will it work?
It depends on both of you but for not, focus on the basics.
Contact him and talk.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My gf is going to an event for 10 days. We are in a long distance
relationship. But she won't be at her home for 10 days. I miss
her, what to do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This has nothing to do with her not being home for 10 days.
This is your own insecurities and your own lifestyle as well.
When it’s long distance you can immediately tell how insecure people are. Their
insecurities kick oﬀ big time even if a day goes by and their lover hasn’t send a
message or connected in someway.
You need to get busy with your life and make things happen, celebrate she has
her own life, as that’s what you want her to do. To live her life, to be free with
worry of a needy guy and know she has a man who is conﬁdent and mature.
Avoid doing the following:
Don’t send tons of messages when she hasn’t replied. Send one or two
then be busy with your life.
Don’t text her every hour when she hasn’t sent a message or called you.
Don’t keep saying you miss her and how you wish you talk more. Relax.
Don’t pressure her and make her feel guilty.
Don’t create drama with Jealousy and Possessiveness
Do these steps:
Just send her a message once and leave it. If she does respond, you can
respond. Relax, she has a life.
If she calls don’t rattle on how you was so alone and missed her and blah
blah. Instead engage her with ﬁnding out how was her day, be excited
about the event she went to. Let her feel she is with a man who is
conﬁdent, mature and isn’t some needy guy.
Make time with making new friends in your life. Building meaningful
relationship and be busy with your goals and purpose. Build your
resources and that if you’re doing so will take a lot of your time anyway.
The last thing you need is making her feel guilty or down because she is living her
life. Be someone who is conﬁdent in himself and his self worth.
875 Views · View Upvoters

This guy I like cares about what his friends think and he likes
me but his friends keep telling him bad stuﬀ about me what do
I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“The reason why he cares cause he says he won’t have anyone to hang out
with?”
Seriously, why did you even consider dating this guy. You don’t date a guy
because he has no one to hang out with.

That alone tells you he’s needy, he’s desperate and really doesn’t give a damn
about you. He’s going to do things for popularity, to ﬁt in, afraid what other
people think which by the way is one thing that I stay well away from because it
tells me a lot about a person thinking.
You haven’t even got a boyfriend.
I don’t know why you call him a boyfriend if he sees you as nothing else but some
option where he has no one to hang out with.
You can do better than this.
He’s someone who can’t make his own decisions. He’s easily inﬂuenced by the
peers, and peers who are immature as well. He has no certainty which you’ll get a
lot from young guy and it’s no wonder girls date older guys, for maturity, and a
whole lot of reasons.
He doesn’t care except for being accepted by others.
Let him go and learn to choose a boyfriend who is into you and who is mature
enough to understand what it means to date a girl. Choose guys wisely and they
need to show their interest and let you know exactly why they want to date you.
Having no one to hanging out with is not good enough.
Raise the bar. Raise your standards.
987 Views · View Upvoters

We're in a long distance relationship. He doesn't get time to talk
to me. He always says he's busy at the oﬃce, with friends, etc.
He hardly talks to me but says he loves me. I don't understand.
Either I'm boring or he doesn't love me. What else could it be?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if it’s long distance, shorter, in the same city or next door. If the
person you are into is saying:
1. He’s too busy to talk with you
2. He hardly puts any eﬀort in doing so
3. Then he’s not that into you
It’s not that your boring. You need to appreciate that when someone is really into
someone, boring is not the big deal here. What is, is compatibility.
The attitude is what I am talking about.
If you look at his attitude you see he’s not that bothered about working together
on a process but rather says what he cannot do and why.
If it was someone else and there is compatibility, he will listen, provide solutions
because he truly does care and love you.
Long distance can be diﬃcult due to distance but I found the ones who are
conﬁdent in nature, who are conﬁdent inside, with lots of self love and who
connect with someone as such on other side of the planet….succeed big time.
The distance doesn’t aﬀect them.
It doesn’t make them feel there is a struggle but rather, a growth between them, a
longing of one day they’ll meet and they will. They they know they will because
both are not afraid to emotionally connect.

The insecurities they once had before they met are gone and replaced with
conﬁdence, high self image, high self esteem to such, it makes it much easier.
There isn’t this worry and fear but rather empathy, love for one another, and it is
much better than hope. It is certainty.
I have seen this with my own eyes.
I have seen a 17 year old have a long distance relationship with an older guy, and
two years later they met. Their relationship has blossomed over the years while
others struggle and break, and done.
Why? It wasn’t distance. It was compatibility. She was very mature, he was an
experienced man, and mature, and he understood a lot of things and she yearned
to learn from him, love him and he loves her. They have been with each other for
then last 12 years and I saw them leave a year ago, doing things all over the world.
So when there is compatibility both lovers are not afraid to share their feelings
whether intellectually, emotionally and sexually as well. There is no fear on that
side and the ones who do so, openly with each other, are the ones who truly
succeed with long distance.
The ones who are already ﬁlled with fear, lots of insecurities, immature will bring
these and more to the relationship and it makes it diﬃcult.
It isn’t about distance, age, time and all that.
It is compatibility.
Look. I have dated women who are quiet and who don’t talk much when with me.
It doesn’t make them boring. It makes me love them even more and it is my role
as an experience man to help women I date to feel comfortable to talk.
I don’t see boring. I don’t see quiet. I see a young woman I talk with, who lives at
other end of the world, who is mature, intellectual, creative, smart, has so much
inside her, and we can talk all day long and I know when we meet face to face, it
be exactly how it is. I know when I will meet someone. I’m experienced. It’s not
the ﬁrst time and that same special amazing connection is there again with her.
It’s not age. It’s not boring. It’s not about distance.
It is compatibility and we are compatibility in a big way.
So it is very easy for me to engage a woman, no matter of what age, whether she is
18 years old or 20, 25, 30 and onwards. I know how to due to experience,
knowledge and skill.
But also, even if a man doesn’t have the experience, knowledge and skills - the
woman who is into this guy will feel overwhelmed with happiness, joy that he is
at least trying his best to communicate.
I don’t see this here with this guy.
I don’t see it probably due to many things I feel you might have not included.
1. Drama. Have you both been unreasonable with each other?
2. Have you both been arguing heavily?
3. Or have you done something to create drama?
4. Have you been jealous and possessive and showing so in your talk?
5. Have you brought nothing much but complaints, arguments and has he?
So something has happened.

Something maybe where he feels it’s not worth it if you’re both arguing, shouting
and doing all that.
I don’t know your full story. I don’t want to know. I leave my comments closed
because of many reasons.
All I know there is a big picture missing from the story and also, if someone is
really into you, and you are both conﬁdent, both love yourself, both have let go of
lots of insecurities then the distance won’t be a problem
It won’t be because you’d both will know, have seen what is out there, have dated
someone before, have seen the immaturity and bullshit out there; and you know
what you have is special.
But it does ride on compatibility and this deep honesty within each other that
comes from conﬁdence inside of you both and most of all self love.
Insecurities create havoc when it comes to long distances and even local
relationships. If one of you dissappear for a day/week, the insecurities will create
so much havoc within you and it’s all assumptions and nothing else.
Long distance need people who are very conﬁdent, have self loverand experience
in life and more.
So has the insecurities played a part from either end to let it come to this?
Only both of you will know.
Just know, no one is ever too busy to make time to talk and connect with their
lover.
29.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you miss your freedom because of your relationship? Is it
worth sacriﬁcing for your relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have never did that. Like giving up whatever I want to do, act according to other
persons interest, lifestyle.
Jeesh. What relationship is that?
Sounds terrible.
Can you imagine the lovers I am in relationship with feel they can’t do whatever
they want, have to act according to my interest, my lifestyle.
I’d be heart broken if I felt that’s what I have done to someone I love.
I’d never do that. They don’t need to give up themselves to be with me, date me,
be in love with me and I in love with them,
I love the women I date andI want them to be happy, to be free to do what they are
so passionate about, whenever they want. Never worry about Jealousy and
Possessivness. To go out with friends whenever they want, to live, to explore, to
follow their passion, goals, ambitions.
To sit at home and do nothing if they wish, and just chill, have quiet time if they
wish, cuddle, snuggle, or be alone themselves. I want my lovers to feel free to do
whatever they feel in regards to their dreams, goals, and not only that, I even
push them, encourage them to meet new people, go out and have fun.
Yes, I lead but it is not leading in which it possesses, cages.

They are free, no cage and in doing so, the love I get is greater and the love I give
is greater, and always growing.
I’d never want my lovers feel a disconnect, walking on eggshells, thinking they
got to give themsleves up to be in relationship for me. I want that they can talk
openly with me and knowing there is calmness and wisdom. There is listening
and empathy. There is also leadership too.
I’m not a push over. That’s a diﬀerent thing altogether.
That’s not a healthy relationship if someone feels that way.
Just because I don’t get Jealous, posssessive, or say “no don’t go with friends,”
doesn’t mean I don’t care. Just because they ﬂy oﬀ to meet their mums and dads
on xmas, at the other end of the world, doesn’t mean I don’t care.
Just because they go out with friends, go shopping, or i don’t see them for a few
days and sometimes a week, doesn’t mean I don’t care and love them.
It means we have a healthy relationship.
It’s buzzing. It’s amazing. It’s freedom that most can only dream and fantasize
about. We have compatibility, which is the key most just don’t understand. When
that is there, when you got that connection, it is wonderful experience and an
amazing relationship without fears, insecurities, possessiveness and jealousy.
It is in harmony, like symphony working together for each other’s happiness
while everyone has their own individuality, personality, goals and dreams
If you feel you’re in a relationship you have described, then something is up. This
concept you got about what relationship is, is very telling. It reveals there’s not
much love there but fears and insecurties.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I open myself up to love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Casual sex didn’t eat at your soul but your your lack of self worth did. Has
nothing to do with sex and having casual sex. That belief comes from societal
programming which comes from guilt of sex, invention of shame, invention of
modesty and also the idea that this relationship is good and that is bad.
That’s your parents and social norm talking.
You cannot expect love from anyone when you don’t love yourself. So don’t say
casual sex was something that ate you away. You was already like that before sex.
You don’t get what you want.
You only attract who you are.
Who you are inside is what makes you feel that way.
It’s not sex, not casual sex and all the bullshit society, your environment, parents
put in your head that makes you feel this way.
It’s a perception and perception comes from somewhere.
Thoughts.
You have low self esteem and you carry a lot of baggage and it is this baggage,
someone else’s progams, social conditioning that is making you feel this way and
you haven’t done work to invest in developing new thoughts.
Let me put it this way.

We lock our homes. We put alarms in our homes. We put alarms with cars. We do
all the protection on material but our brain, we don’t protect it.
So go back to the source.
Start reading. Start investing in your mind,
Get some counselling, professional help.
Forget loving someone else and relationship. You’re not ready.
Sort these issues out ﬁrst and health
Casual sex, one night stands, whatever, does fuck all to eat your soul. You cannot
expect any richness coming from anything external if your intenal is fucked up.
So sort that out ﬁrst and you do that by investing in yourself.
Get help, professional help and invest in your mind.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Describe an incident when you failed and what did you learn
form it?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was a young, a teenager, I would collect lots of comics on Super Heroes.
From Super Man, Spider Man and so many more.
I decided, one day I am going to change the world.
Make lots of money, hire the best, make sure no more poor, famine, children with
no food, no shoes, families homes taken by banks when hard times came and
stop cutting of trees and hunting animals like Lions and Elephants.
So I had this plan.
One day something happened, my mum and dad were splitting up. divourcing
and I didn’t want them too. I saw our family will be divided, some of us might be
thrown into homes, some of us with dad, some of us with mum.
Drama after drama began to run roit in the family home.
So I got to work.
I even sketched a plan in my school text book.
But no matter what I did, no matter how hard I tried, nothing worked.
In the end, the arguments between them got louder.
They broke up and within the process they were trying to get us, the children to
decide who we loved more, who do we want to stay with and it was diﬃcult for me
and brothers, and sisters.
In the end, my brothers was thrown into a foster home. Sisters with mum, and
me, well, I didn’t know where I was. My head was spinning round and everything
what seemed so easy has become extremely complicated.
I’d sit down with the comics in my hand, wondering what these Super Heroes
would do. None came to help. None showed up. None gave a fuck.
Superman didn’t show up.
Spiderman didn’t appear to make me laugh.
Wonder woman didn’t save my sisters.

Hulk didn’t come to say “HULK SMASH” at child services who caused more
trouble than doing any good. They made it even worse with claims that were so
absurd and way oﬀ the mark on what was happening. Looks like someone needed
a fucking promotion is what happened.
No one came to tell them to mind their damn business with their bullshit social
norms, traditions, religions and I saw there how people can be judgmental, cruel
and society is ﬁlled with nothing more than perception.
I drifted from one friends house to another because I didn’t want my mum and
dad feel I didn’t love them and I choose one over the other.
They and children services and all their agencies couldn’t do shit. They think
they got some power but I soon learnt, no one really has if you cannot ﬁnd
someone, and when no one gives a shit.
One day, in a library I found a book and it was a strange one. I never really read
such books. It had principles of the laws of success.
I would go to the library and read it and the woman at the counter knew I liked
the book and so she always put it aside. I wasn’t going to take it out with me as I
didn’t really have much of a home.
The book was Think and Grow Rich.
That was in a sense the beginning of a boy forging himself as a man.
I took all my comics and gave it to someone else, all of them who liked reading
comics but didn’t have money to buy some. So I at least helped someone.
But I failed in keeping the family together.
I failed in stopping child support services to seperate brothers and sisters.
I failed in saving the world from wars, famine, banks, and lots of trees being cut
down and animals being hunted for game.
I failed in changing people’s mind.
What Did I Learn From It?
1. Super heroes are not those with ﬂying capes, with gadgets and fancy
ﬂying cars. They are not muscle huge ﬁgures with blonde hair and blue
eyes.
2. The real Super Heroes are are ordinary people, who become
extraordinary by doing the most simplest things at times with a kind
word, a smile, spending time with someone who feels alone, and letting
them know they are much more than they think they are and what the
world says they are.
3. Super Heroes are just human beings who hurt, cannot dodge bullets and
if they get killed, they don’t regenerate like Doctor Who. They are not
man and women of steel. And yet, they walk into ﬁre saving people from
burning homes, policing the street and at any time they can get shot and
someone loses a dad or a mum, or both.
They are the daughters and sons who are looking after their 80 year old
mum and they could have left, lived her life but she stayed to look after
her and her dad who is old and slowly dying.
They are the fathers who when the crash happened tried their best to
keep the family safe and everything ﬂoating, and worried as hell but
putting a face to their loved ones, all is ok.

They are sisters who help their little brothers and sisters, from bullies,
shouting, abuse and lonliness. They are brothers who still ﬁght each
other but forgive and try to play football forgetting what happened and
have fun.
4. Though the comic heroes are not real, I took the ideals of Superman and
the playfulness and fun of Spiderman, and the self esteem and
conﬁdence to instill in my sisters from Wonder Woman, and the Wisdom
of life…space…and time from Doctor Who. And the compassion and
understanding from Professor Charles.
I looked like him, and people would come to me for advise and most
would say..
“You know you look like that guy in Xmen.”
“Do I?”
“Yeah, says the 18 old girl, Professor X except you can walk. He’s
gorgeous.”
“I see.”
“You got a erm…girlfriend…”
“:)”
5. I learnt I cannot change the world because the world is ﬁlled with people
who complain about the system but many who do so, would die for this
very system that controls them because they fear of losing what they
have.
Though I could get angry about it, I empathise greatly and understand it
is not easy for people. I understand completely that even one wants to do
the right thing, they fear of what others thinks is real, it can hurt but I
can’t live that way.
I have to be true to what I feel but to also have empathy, understanding
why people will keep doing what they do - judging, pointing, looking
down, think they are right and someone else is wrong.
6. I learnt people’s perception are socially conditioned with social norms,
traditions, labels and much more including deﬁning one’s value with
their outer beauty, who approves them, how many followers someone
has, how much money someone has, what credit card someone has, what
clothes one wears, the fame, the popularity, the mortgage, the area one
lives in and much more.
7. I learnt people wear social masks and sometimes it is hard to be yourself
and to say the overwhelming feelings of aﬀection to someone especially
when you’re infatuated or love someone. You say something or give more
time and they either dissppear or whatever. You just don’t know who is
who sometimes no matter how hard you try but you also never give up;
and be content to have your own boundaries. Realising some people will
come into your life for a moment, for a time, for a longer time and sme
will watch you walk by never realising the value you have and how you
can change their live for always due to their own perception.
8. I learnt to grow up and put my time in real knowledge, science,
psychology, marketing, business development and learning to master
the word with conversations and written word for the work I do. This has
changed lives of people I meet, who read my work and who see my
paintings and who listen to songs I but share to people I feel who will
appreciate them.
9. I learnt to see the world not as I desire to see it but for what it is.

10. I learnt I can’t change the world but I can change me, and in doing so, I
change my life, and grow in conﬁdence, wealth, success and have the
resources to do more to help more and give more.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal for young guys to be attracted to older/mature
women ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 5, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How do you measure normal?
Has someone been selling some amazing devise that I don’t know about? I’m
usually ahead of science and trends. I haven’t heard of it.
It’s like people got some mechanical devise they put it in the air, shake it about,
then point it at someone and it says..
Brrrrz….sssssss…ﬀﬀﬀf…NORMAL!
Whhrrrr….Kabooosh…wrrr. ALERT! ABNORMAL!
See here on social conditioning…
Social conditioning - Wikipedia .
So let’s see then…
“Generally approved by society in general.”
I’m going to get advise from society in general about what’s normal? From society
that has been trained, socially conditioned, fucked inside out, literally, to tell me
and you what is normal?
Have you looked at history how how society changes to believe what is normal
and what isn’t? It’s a perception. That’s all it is. A perception, a thought, a belief, a
condition, that shapes one’s belief system to believe this is normal….this is not
normal.
If beliefs change like the fucking wind in society, you’re going to wonder and
worry what they think about you? One day they Ho Ha about something and
months later they all at it trying to bring the same person down they were
supporting.
One minute they see someone s the hero and next….they calling the person all
sorts of shit, and trying to paint the person is crazy and…not normal.
I am dating young girls. I’m an older guy and dating 18 year old, 20 year old, 23
year old. Society going to say what? It’s not normal me dating an 18 year old, or
she is dating me as not normal?
“But what do you mean, it’s not normal?”
“Well, it’s just normal you see, in society.”
“Society? Show me how society decides what normal is?”
How can they?
It’s socially conditioned to believe what is normal and what isn’t. The only thing
you have then are legalities, laws.
So I am not going to say it’s normal for a young guy dating an older woman of
whatever age because what is normal? What does that mean in the world we live
in today?
How do you measure normal?

What about asking the questions that matter?
Are you both into each other?
Are you compatible with each other in agreeing to work with each other towards
each others happiness, no matter age, distance and anything else?
Are you happy with each other?
That’s what matters.
Not what society thinks is normal.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you really mess up with a girl you liked
and now she won't even talk to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You were so deep in your own zone, you don’t even realise it. I mean deep, like
rabbit hole deep, like Alice and Wonderland deep.
You made your ﬁrst mistake long before all this happened.
1. You didn’t show your intent and approached her.
2. You let her talk about her problems, breakups
3. You cannot handle your own logistics. Opening your mouth like some
passive-aggressive guy tell others about how you like her.
You need to grow up.
Don’t talk to guys about who you like. Just approach and get it done. Second,
don’t be some white knight, listening to girls vomiting their problems at you.
That doesn’t create attraction.
Nothing you can do. It’s a mess. Drama.
Learn from the lesson. Take responsibility on looking at how you do things and
change the way you do so with other girls you will meet and like.
Nothing you can do with her.
Forget all this “I don’t want her.”
You never had her in ﬁrst place. She never would have dated you because of your
passive-aggressive behaviour. You’re too nice.
The nice guy.
Not let it go and move on because you’re still thinking like some nice guy. When
there is negativity like that, you nice guys need to dissappear.
Leave it alone. Nothing to solve. Move on and stop being white knights. This is
what it gets you. Drama.
12.7k Views · View Upvoters

A guy that I like told me he likes another girl, but I didn't feel
jealous. Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Good for you. You are a conﬁdent.
It can be the following:

1. You’re conﬁdent about your self worth.
2. You’re not insecure to be jealous and possessive.
3. You are very mature
4. You’re not emotionally invested in him
5. You haven’t yet done much with him and is invested
6. You’re not that into him
7. You haven’t seen him doing the moves with the girl in front of you
Or something else.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you truly ﬁgure someone out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We are a like an empty canvase of a painting, sketching, adding form, shadow,
colour and on it goes forever changing. Even when you have completed this
painting, you comtinue to create another and another to ﬁnd you as an artist of
your own life, is also changing in knowledge, skill, feelings and how you perceive
life.
I have seen so many places, travelledand I have come back to see the arrogant
become the humble, the humble because the wicked, the weak become the
strong, the strong become broken, the beauty of a woman becoming wretched in
her heart to reﬂect in all her being, to many a men who were good men become
also bitter, old and grumpy.
I have seen the world change, from the days of my father who worked as a Steel
worker, with thousands and more men. To ﬁnd those steps and times are nothing
but echoes in the wind. I have witnessed the industrial age dissappear, techology
step in to ﬁnd information age become the driving force to keep on socially
conditioning people with misinformation, hype, lies, myths, fallacies, increasing
slut shaming, fat shaming, slim shaming and on it goes.
But I have also see the good it has brought to many lives.
I have seen people work in supermarkets and who didn’t listen when I said, these
days are going to dissappear. The cheese is moving for them to ﬁnd as I come
from my travels, their job replaced by automated machine.
Things are always changing before you even ﬁgure it out.
People are always growing to become someone else when you thought you
ﬁgured them out.
No winter is the same. No summer with birds singing the same song. No rain
cloud is the same. No winter too. Nor autumn and the every falling leaves are the
same. Each time you leave, each time you ﬂy, each time you read, each time you
experience, you change.
Today you believe in God, 10 years will go by and you shall not believe.
You believe in nothing and years later you believe there is a God and more. Today
you believe all women are sluts, whores, too easy and later you grow to ﬁnd this
was your own ignorance and the mind which has been socially conditioned to
think small…and you did not deﬁne any of the women but your own mask and
bitterness.
Today you might be insecure about your sexuality, years later you are the
forefront, advanced in mind, spirit and conﬁdent to own your sexuality, to

approach, to be what you desire to be without fear what others around you say.
One tiny drop, one answer, one advise, one page, a sound and you will change.
You are constantly growing and changing. Information pounding your mind,
changing your perception, altering your chemicals, swimming with your DNA,
even with the food you eat, drink and the air you breathe.
Today you believe there is no hope, but in time you shall see hope was always a
curse and a folly of man, and pretty stories to sell and make money, and blame
someone or something for one’s own lack of belief in themselves.
That man and woman is forged by not hope but will power, going through pain
rather than pain going through him.
Today you will think you can ﬁgure someone out, but you can be with someone
and married for 50 years if you like, and learn you know nothing about them at
all.
You will never truly ﬁgure out someone. You can only be who you are,
communicate, connect and do the following things:
1. Blame no one and be compassionate by setting boundaries. So in
business, in money and in relationships.
2. Learn to say no and do not do anything to seek acceptance, approval and
to ﬁt in. It rarely ever does good for your mind and end up unhappy later
on. You only attract people you don’t want in your life.
3. You won’t not know what is in the heart of man or woman but you will
know your boundaries and your values. Cherish these two.
4. Sometimes, even with these necessary steps, you will ﬁnd you are a
human being with emotions, and people will slip through the net to
dissappoint you. Let it go. Forgive, ﬂip it that it is a lesson take on to
tighten how you live your life and how to select people in your life.
5. Forget reading women and men’s mind. You’re far too busy thinking for
yourself than trying to think for others who have yet matured to
communicate in a direct manner with you. Be direct and let the chips fall
where they may.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people think that women who wear revealing clothes
have no self-respect?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is because of Societal Programming.
The decades of battles, war with the mind of people. The invention of modesty,
the invention of shame, the ongoing bullshit we still hear today by women and
men.
You grow up being hammered, left, right and centre with movies, magazines,
stories, religion, music, myths, legends, images, and other people’s perceptions
like your grandma….mummy…daddy…the bitter teacher….the dickheads who
can’t get laid and the jealous girls….and organisations who think they can talk
and think for us like we are lab rats, the authors, the newspapers, magazines and
on it goes.
Let me give you an example.
The colour PINK.

You now have guys who think Pink is a girl colour. I wear pink. I’m Masculine hot
blooded sexual lover male.
Women wore pink but after a lot of social conditioning, using the mainstream,
advertising, some change here and then, kaboooooooom!
It’s now a colour for women and now a young guy thinks pink is woman colour.
See how social conditioning works?
All these create the perception in the mind of society that become entrenched
into social norms and traditions, and so you get people connecting something to
what is in their socially conditioned programmed mind and say..
“She’s such a slut.” or “attention seeker.”
Imagine it this way….
One day a girl is walking with mummy who sees a woman with revealing clothes
and she frowns at this girl and her daughter sees her mum frown.
The same mum who probably got fucked in ass 10 tens, and did blow jobs, and all
the stuﬀ and now, grown up, like it is all new to her, says..
“OMG! Girls these days.”
“Yes mum.”
“Such whores. Sluts. These are bad girls. Have no self respect.”
“Yes mum.”
Imagine now this repeating itself over and over again, with religion, stories, the
whrring of the machine, books, movies, etc.
Society has been socially conditioned with the inventions that controls society
but it doesn’t beneﬁt the individual.
The concept of the King with no Clothes!
Everyone knows they have been hoodwinked to believe in that bullshit but they
wear their social mask, pretending that they so righteous, so good, so not sexual,
so perfect while they are at home giving blow jobs, doing all the kinky stuﬀ,
getting fucked in ass, eating each other out, watching porn, reading 50 shades of
grey, bondage, and all sorts and no one will ever know.
Whike most fantasize.
While some wish they had legs like hers.
While some wished they can ﬁt in the skirt and dress like hers.
But outside, they act all that.
Now add this and decades of that. I mean add religion, add authors, mainstream
bullshit, organisations, mums, dad, generation after generaton, from story books,
myths, legends, artist hired to paint the ﬁg leaf on Adam and Eve, and how they
so ashamed now because now they are REVEALING parts of the body or the
whole of their body.
All that “this is a bad girl, this is a good girl, this is a slut, this is a good girl, this is
a bad boy, this is a good nice buy.
I am not surprised some people out there are like that.
I am surprised why you are so surprised and it’s doing your head in.
This is the world you live in. Has been for a very long time.

Shit, I only have to read some of that crap from women themselves and men, with
their sluit sharming, calling others predators, calling others players, calling
others too easy, calling others “oh he just wants a booty call.”
And you’re shocked, surprised?
I’m not.
The wheel has been oiled good and proper and it will go on for many years yet.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

"I don't want you to judge me." What does that means to you if
your partner said this quote to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why your partner is saying that to you is you didn’t do enough to show
that you’re not going to judge them for their sexuality, for their past, for whatever
you are going to ask or have asked.
So to remedy this…
You need to talk while walking or wherever you are with your partner, and in way
your partner understands they can be sexually open with you, in every way man.
They can open up, deep inside without worry of being looked down on, judged
and labeled.
Example…
Let’s say it is about sex and let’s assume you’re a guy. I can’t see ay details on here
and so I hve to assume alot.
You - You know, I love a woman who are conﬁdent. It is a traite I admire and love.
Especially when I can talk to her about all the sexual desires and fantasies, and
she opens up to me doing the same. I ﬁnd such women attractive, and if I ﬁnd
also she has experience too, dating other men before me, I ﬁnd her sexually
conﬁdent and a woman who I will get along so well with.
It is so diﬃcult in life to ﬁnd someone you can connect so deeply and loving with.
Isn’t it amazing how two people, lovers can express their desires, their kinky
festishes, their all to the one they love?
Now wait and let her talk.
So what you’re doing is letting the person know they are not going to be judged,
looked down on and personally, I don’t ask..
“How many people you’ve been with,” before I share what I am, what I do, and how
I am a lover. When I do, believe, women I date, my lovers won’t need to worry if I
will judge them.
Especially when I sexualise and talk in way I talk.
They know they can be open, natural woman, without any fear of being judged.
So you need ﬁrst build comfort before you ask such questions like how many
people they dated, been with because when you do that before you do what I said,
yes, their brain will see you as a person who judges, who is pointing at them,
looking down at them and attraction can go out of the window very fast due to
that mistake.
You speak as a man who is a sexual lover, a conﬁdent man, and who has
experienced all, and who admires women who are sexually conﬁdent too, and
experienced. What you say must be true. Every word you say must be true to who
you are for real.

Then you build comfort, sharing your values, and asking for her values, learning
about her passion and again, you share more about the sexuality, then pleasures,
the desires, how you admire a woman who is conﬁdent in sharing them.
That’s when she will know, she can be free, open with you, and you are not like
judgmental, societally programmed and conditioned fuckrs who ask to judge her,
to look down at her but rather you see her as your equal, lovingly.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is there anything wrong with posting status updates like
"Feeling hurt" or "Feeling broken" so your spouse will know to
ask, "Is something wrong?"
Adam Taha, I use facebook like I'm painting a story on a canvas
Answered Oct 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it is manipulative, needy and very desperate. You also prove a point why they
walked away from you. Also, that if ever they want to know you as anything, they
won’t because of this kind of drama.
Not only that, others are reading it and you’re giving headache to everyone else.
How can anyone trust someone like that, who spread such things for everyone to
read and knowing easily to connect 2–2 together?
People know you’ve been dating and so you’re trying to put some dark picture
about the person. You won’t do that to someone you cared about and loved.
Don’t make it hard for the person. Make it easier for them to move on and focus
on your life and better your life. I know it hurts you, you got lots of emotions in
you but if you want to say something then let them know discreetly.
Pick up the phone, keep it discreet and talk to the person or face to face. Be
mature about it.
Focus on your life, grow, this is a time to grow. You have a strength in you and
723 Views · View Upvoters

Are there any beneﬁts to long distance relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, there are many beneﬁts. Let me share some for you.
1. You can still date locally and date your long-distance partner.
By being honest with each other, no jealous, possessiveness; you come to
understanding that’s real. That no one knows what the future holds, and
so, both build your life, resources and experiences. All of which, when
and if you do meet -only enriches, brings the experience and resources to
make the journey easy of long distance relationship easier.
You come to an understanding there are logistic issues, distance issues,
missing family issues and so one may need to grow ﬁrst, may need to
understand there is a time when you will leave the nest, leave that world
but not to close the door on it, but to now live your life. That world, that
home, the relatives and the world will always be there but you got your
own life to live as well and experience.
2. The Attraction and Connection Is Deeper
You know how you meet many guys/girls where you live or in city. It’s a
look and it hits you, you get to know each other, have sex. All is well and
then it is gone over the slightest thing and you just don’t know why.
You will with long distance. You ﬁnd out why.

There has never really been that deep intimate connection,
conversation. You meet a lot who are immature, not lived and kind of
wish you can ﬁnd that someone who is a lover, experienced and who can
communicate at a deep level with you.
There has really never been this deep mutual respect and trust.
That’s what I ﬁnd in long distance.
The deep connection. That mutual trust.
We can talk more, go deeper than one can imagine; and when we meet,
well, it doesn’t stop. I’m real as I was when we chatted back and forth. If
the person cannot talk after a month, you know trouble is ahead but
when you are with a person of experience, of maturity, of skill,
knowledge, and they can engage you on and on, for months to even a
year, and no drama, you hit gold. You realise why attraction with others
faded so fast and why here it is bright, stronger, than you ever thought it
could be.
3. It’s Skin Deep
In your backyard, your city, you is the girl, the guy and put in a box, to
worry all time to not step out to be who you desire to be. Not so here.
Here you can for once in your life be that person who is really you,
without worrying about daddy, mummy, sisters, brothers, friend,
community and let the person see the real you.
The great thing is, if you can ﬁnd this one person out there who is
compatible to you, who will embrace all who you are and not the socially
conditioned you, then again…you hit gold.
There are women and men right now, that I know who are panicking.
They are realising it is not easy to ﬁnd these lovers. You can easily ﬁnd a
girlfriend, a boyfriend, a partner but a lover, forget it!
When lovers come, you need to be ready to identify them and stop
pratting about age, this and that and really get to know them. Make the
connection and be open with the lovers.
When you do, you got what most people will ﬁnd so diﬃcult to ﬁnd. A
person like this….
4. You ﬁnd someone who gets you.
The lover is not like so many, jealous, possessive but has grown, lived.
The look, the outside thing, is not a powerful factor anymore. You have
it. You’ve dated little boys. You’ve dated Jocks. You’ve dated girls who
just don’t get it, not conﬁdent about their sexuality.
You’ve dated the immature, the guy who knows you exist and yet doesn’t
spend time communicating, sharing his deepest thoughts with you but
instead someone else who isn’t even their lover.
You see it here now on Quora..
“Is it alright to cuddle, a friend”
Me - where’s your fucking boyfriend. Give him the bleedin cuddles.
Where’s your boyfriend, go and give him the cuddles.

Immaturity, lack of understanding of social dynamics because people
who do that are still seeking, not nurturing what they got. They are still
seeking, looking for the next best thing, the grass is greener.
The grass is greener where you water it then most.
Remember that when you give time to someone else when you got lovers
in your life, you are nurturing this connection and loving deeper.
You had enough with it all and so you converse, back and forth openly,
about ALL your sexual desires, goals, dreams, everything to ﬁnd the
person isn’t judging you but celebrating your conﬁdence.
Now is the time to see if this person is the ONE and I don’t mean soul
mate, I don’t mean the Disney that projects about the ONE. I mean the
person you can explore all your sexual fantasies in real world in time to
come.
This is a time to really home in the compatibility factor and you got the
TIME to do so. The great thing you can’t meet the next day and ravish
each others bodies to let then chemicals take over. This is where now
truth comes out when it comes to compatibility. This is the time to ask
these tough questions, these sexual questions, these secret stuﬀ you’d
never do on a date where you are at. You cannot sit with your date and
say..
““What’s your favorite position?
“Are you a moaner or a screamer?
“Have you ever had a squirting orgasm before?”
“Do you want children?”
“What if I want to date multiple partners?”
“Do you want to get married because I don’t believe in marriage?”
The shit gets real here.
Seriously, ask yourself, if you ever asked such questions like this to
people you date and most probably haven’t. They so focused on the
physical, the bang bang to not sort this one out.
And they call me a player. Ha!
I get these sorted out early on. Yes I look for attractive look, but I also
look for something else or it’s not going to happen.
My experience, is when you meet, all awkwardiness gone, When you
meet there is none of the traditional dating, face to face bullshit of “when
do I know to get physical, kiss, sex.”
Really? We are still at cave era? Seriously?
It is on. All the bullshit gone and you won’t believe the amazing feeling
when we do meet. It is like you know each other well and the
conversation, holy shit! It’s still goes. Even if you talked so much that
when you meet, it is still there and the moment you see each other, you
kiss, you embrace, you don’t give a fuck about what majority worry about
when they meet their date the ﬁrst time.

None of the bullshit anymore. Bye, bye.
When you meet, you have got compatibility down to a tea! You’re not
scared anymore to get this right.
You don’t give a shit if the person is younger or older. Compatibility is
not age, it is none of that nonsense. It is…
“This is what I want, this is what you want. Do we both agree we can
work together, for each other’s happiness to reach that
place….together?”
It is an attitude. That is what I look for. Attitude.
The attitude in which we say we like this process and we can work with
this process together, for each others happiness.
This is what compatibility is.
Not what society thinks. Not what daddy, mummy, sister, brother,
grandma, friend, co-workers and society thinks is compatible.
It is attitude.
Embracing a process together willingly, without losing one’s own
creativeity, identity, individuality, for each other’s happiness.
Is it there? Is compatibility there? Do we agree this is what we want? Can
we work together with what we have? For each others happiness?
If so, again…you found what most will have such a hard time ﬁnding and
you will see it so in other people and it is heartbreaking. You want to help
them, show them the way, the knowledge, the experience, the skill but
you can’t most of the time because they are so steeped with social
conditioning, myths, fallacies, and all kinds of shit it will be so hard.
It be like me trying to drag grown up men and women to knowledge that
works, and they just won’t let go of the beliefs that fucked them. They
just won’t let go of the social conditioning.
Like the Matrix Movie...
“You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be
unplugged. And many of them are so injured, so hopelessly dependent on
the system, that they will ﬁght to protect it.”
5. When you meet, you don’t take your lover for granted.
You’re every look, their every word, your every touch, their every kiss,
their every step, that moment isn’t taken for granted. You know, you got
only a short time together and you’ll back to the routine.
It’s not just bang, bang. It’s intense. It’s passionate. It’s romance. It’s a
very deep connection you never could get from dating someone near
you. It’s what you always wanted to feel but never could until now.
6. It Makes All The Time Apart Mean Something
You see it is worth it. You feel it is worth it. I had a woman I met and
when we met she started crying. She wasn’t crying because she was sad.
She was crying because she was happy. She never thought it be this good.

She never thought love is like this existed, free, without jealousy and
possessiveness.
She never thought it could ever come true for her. She never thought she
can be the natural woman she is from the inside. Many made her feel
guilty of her own sexuality. She was conﬁdent, secure in herself when
with me but out there, where she came from, she couldn’t be this
woman.
7. When has dating been an adventure and an amazing holiday?
It’s like an amazing holiday of wonder. That’s what Long-distance has to
oﬀer as well. You’re both busy, family, friends, keeping up your social
mask to society where you live at. Sure, you meet and date someone right
there, every week.
But long distance, it is an adventure, a new place, an escape from the
hustle of bustle of busy life. It is like an amazing holiday for just you two.
No one but you two. You know each others goals, dreams and places you
love to go and so, why not go there. Why not experience it together! Why
not take your lover where she or he always desired to go but haven’t yet.
You get good with your money, save up, organise, and manage. You have
this amazing experience that is going to happen and you work to ensure
you get the ﬁnances sorted out.
You grow as a person knowing now the value of what you have and to not
take it for granted.
When you’re on holiday, how does it feel?
Relaxed. No work. No hard time. Nothing but breathing in the fresh air,
soaking in the sun, experiencing all together. You come back revitalised,
re-energised, wonderful!
Screw Hollywood.
This is better that these movies because it is REAL!
What You Need To Know:
1. Be honest. Never lie.
It will catch up on you. You connect with someone and start lying to
impress but one day you realise, you really do like this person. You are
falling for this person and you have lied.
Trust is very fragile. It takes time to build and especially when you’re far
apart the gaps start to be ﬁlled by other things for the person to not trust
you. Be honest, be true to who you are because you will meet and if you
are not who you say you are, it will all come crumbling down fast.
2. Insecurities. Know yourself.
Come to an understanding that you have a lie and the person has a life
too. So don’t create drama when the person is busy sometimes. There is
far too many people who are insecure and this insecurity will burn bright
in long-distance relationships. Know yourself, stay calm, don’t be jealous
and possessive. This is why step 3 is important.
3. Create options
You are in a long distance relationship and so, date people in your
locality as well because you don’t know if you’ll meet your long distance.
Come together with honesty to this understanding. It will make it a lot

easier for both of you. You can bring all these experience and knowledge
to help with your long distance relationship but also be honest with
people you date locally too.
Look. I am dating multiple women and one day they want to come to my
world, my local world. If I wasn’t honest, then I fucked up.
That’s why I am up front and so, now when it happens, and she has
embraced all me, she sees my world, and she is ok about it because she
knew. It doesn’t mean I am going to throw it in her face. I will be
spending time with her and focused on her.
4. Communication is vital.
If you are not good at communication, start investing in knowledge,
skills because you will need it. You will run out of what to say and you
will not know how to carry on a deep, emotional, lively, fun, romantic,
sexual conversation with each other.
Experienced people know this and we know how such skills are vital for
anything in life. We didn’t wait until we dated to acquire the knowledge.
I acquired the knowledge, I practised it, I immersed it it, and swam in it
for a long period of time to get good at conversation skills.
There is talking to people like you do with everyone else, like you do with
women and men - but then there conversation at a deep emotional level
to capture emotions, arouse, lead the person’s fantasy to such a level,
they want more of you. There is conversing to uncover values, time
bridging techoques, deep diving techniques.
So if anyone tells you, you just talk to women like you do anyway, you’re
going to be fucked and they are illa fvising you.
I have to market and sell a lot. Do you think I talk the same way I do to
clients as I do to my parents, friends?
Do you think I approach and communicate and use same body language
with women I am attracted to, and women I work with?
Of course not.
It is easy to say we are all humans. This is lazy. One minute you hear just
talk to wimen and men like you do as human beings and next you hear
person telling you, you need social skills and this skill.
Which one is it?
Learn how to communicate, socialise, connect and these need skills of
their own. It is very diﬀerent. It is a world of it’s own. Equip yourself with
the knowledge and skill, and experience because every type of
relationship needs a diﬀerent type of knowledge and skill.
5. Be Patient
The person can be on other side of the world and so be patient. Don’t
assume anything even if they don’t connect for a couple of days or even a
week. Your mind can create lots of stories. This is why you need to create
options and date locally and be honest with people who you are and to
the person you’re in long-distance relationship.

If they cannot embrace this maturely and with understanding, then
there
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

What clothes do you usually like to wear?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What kind of clothes do you like to wear?

I had to go to diﬀerent shops to ﬁnd some of these type of clothes. So now I got all
these styles to wear and which I like:
These are type of clothes I wear and like to wear:

Yes, I aslo wear hats with my suits…sometimes…

I have all of these now but getting more clothes. Mostly leather jackets I need to
get more oﬀ.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Would you be comfortable if your girlfriend platonically
cuddled with another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As long she doesn’t bitch and complain - when I am cuddling other women as
well. Funny how some folks do it, it’s ok but moment tables are ﬂipped, well it is a
diﬀerent story altogether.
When a woman is with me, and she’s my lover, my focus is on her. It’s ok to shake
hands, hug when meeting but anything else, well, you’re pushing it now.
There’s knowing you can do it and there’s doing it in front of your lover.
Have some empathy and maturity is what I say.
I’m not talking about jealousy and possessiveness. I am saying, understand the
dynamics one is in.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Does high exposure to math everyday make you more able to
understand it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am exposed to music a lot. Everyday, but it didn’t make me know how to play a
guitar and compose music on paper and produced.
I had to..
1. Learn the fundementals, some theory
2. Learn how to play music
3. Learn how to compose
4. Learn the softwares like logic audio. protools etc.
5. Sit down with someone who know how to learn to practice in an eﬀecient
manner because you can practice but habits can slow you down.

6. Which gave me a deeper understanding about music to be able to now
take in what I am exposed to in a more practical learning I can use.
Another example - you can read a book on dating.
You can watch youtube videos all day.
Hundreds of them.
Put me and that guy out there, and he won’t stand a chance because I know the
fndamentals, the process, and have been doing for years.
I don’t just know.
I have the understanding, the know how and the wisdom.
773 Views · View Upvoters

I'm 32 and I'm dating a girl who is 26. Sometimes, I get a sense
that she is too young for me (just looking at the age). Is this age
gap a perfect one for a relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In your own words…
(Just looking at the age)
Well I am looking at your age and the gap I am concerned about is between your
ears. That’s sense you are talking about comes from Social conditioning to such,
you’re not even asking the important questions.
At unconsciously level you’re overlooking very important factors about her. This
is your blind spot. You’re being inﬂuenced by societal programming which
deﬁnes value by age, by look and not by the true beauty of a woman - her
intelligence, the way she sees the world, her passion, her goals in life and her
behaviour towards you.
Including her behaviour when she’s with you and when you’re with people you
know.
Ask yourself these imporant questions:
What about her behaviour?
What about her thinking/mindset?
What about how she sees the world?
What about her goals in life and how she sees the future?
What about the lessons she has learnt in her life, good/hard times?
What about her conﬁdence in herself?
What about her conﬁdence in her sexuality and her openess with it if
you’re a man who can communicate to such she knows she can open
with you in all her sexual desires without being judged like society does?
How does she make you feel?
Instead you focused on the age.
8k Views · View Upvoters

My ex-boyfriend was verbal abusing or just culture diﬀerence?
He's from Saudi Arabia, and I'm really confused.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he’s from Saudia Arabia then he won’t be like me, as I lived in England since I
was a child. You know how to choose them don’t you?
You need to get good at selecting men.
This man is abusive not because he’s Arab. He’s abusive by nature. Abuse is not a
gender or nationality issue. I’m not abusive and I have been exposed so much to
the life Muslims and Arabs culture, way of life, beliefs, norms and traditions.
Second, he is in a country where men cannot date and so, he will be very jealous,
very possessive, and very insecure. Not all are like that but he is and that’s what
matters here.
He is insecure because if he’s nagging you non-stop, and getting all angry, jeesh,
you need to let this guy go.
It’s not going to go anywhere.
He’s not even with you and look at the drama that’s being created. You are losing
sleep. Relationships should be enriching not drama. It should be amazing, loving,
have understanding and the man who is right for you is a man where you grow,
learn a lot from him and he understands you, wants to know so much about you,
your thinking, your dreams, goals, desires and fantasies.
All this arguments, all this needs to be focused on him knowing about you as
there is so much to know even if we lived two life span.
It is a myth when people say that couples who argue love each other. It’s not in
the real world. It’s toxic. It hurts. It’s emotionally draining. We can talk,
communicate like mature wise adults.
So, so much time, energy is wasted when he could have got to know you. Some
people have no fucking idea about relationships, love, what makes it grow and
work. So much could have been about enriching each others lives. It should be he
desires you to succeed, to help you have peace of mind not bring drama, hurt,
pain. I don’t mean a man be a pushover and that is not what I am.
Choose your men wisely. See the red ﬂags now.
This is a time to grow, to know one another, to come closer in mind, heart and
spirt. This isn’t relationship. This is abuse, controlling and a pain in ass for you.
Any person deserves better than this.
Honestly, let this man go and get better at selecting guys, ﬁltering them out and if
any abuse, it is time to let go. THere are so many guys out there, amazing guys,
who you will treat you right. Men who make you feel amazing, wonderful, and
they celebrate your mind and attitude towards life.
Oh and by the way, I saw your proﬁle
It says what you really would love to do. Put a little time away for it, step by step.
Don’t let that slip away as it will bring you lots of happiness.
Still do what you’re doing to pay bills etc, or whatever but don’t let that slip away.
You won’t be happy later in life. It will hit you hard. I don’t want to meet another
older person who complains about life, what they wish they did and be all
grumpy. We got enough of such people on this planet.
You don’t need to born again to do that.
You just need to make a decision, have a plan, don’t bite more than you can chew,
and slowly, move forward, step by step towards your dream.
I believe you can do it, you got it in you if you just believe in yourself.

Let this guy go for starters. You deserve much better.
All the best
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I love a girl who lives in another country?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I'm in love with a girl. She lives in another country. What should I do?

The things you to do, and I’m talking from experience:
1. First, approach women and date women. I don’t know about the culture,
social norms, traditions where you at, or how it can be diﬃcult due to
religion, rules and all that but if you can, best you focus there because
you then date, and you need to let her know this reality too. If she is
mature, not possessive type and jealous, she’ll understand because you
can’t just talk to someone from a far and not build relationships where
you are at.
That way if nothing happens, you have not wasted time to such you have
not connected with girls where you are at.
2. You can keep in touch with her as I do same and if we do meet, well
great. Most women I do contact are very mature, even when young and
we do meet but it maybe a year later or so. However, like I said in step
one, make sure you have a romantic life where you are at, in your life
right where you are living. Very important.
The main thing to do is never lie, be honest with her. Let’s say something
happens in which you do meet. If you have lied it be very diﬃcult for her
to trust you again.
So don’t lie to impress. Be true to who you are and so, if you do meet
there isn’t complications. Trust is a huge factor in any relationship no
matter what relationship model they are.
3. Don’t put pressure on her by putting her on a pedestal. You may have
some expectations about her but focus on real with her. Be open in
discussion and so when you do meet, she is meeting you as you and you
are meeting her as her. Don’t build images that isn’t her but either way, if
you’re both honest, open, then it will reduce this to zero.
4. Enjoy talking with her, don’t argue, don’t create drama and do not play
manipulation games. Learn to converse, know how to do so as it is an art,
it is a skill.
5. Most importantly. Focus on your purpose in life. Be busy on your goals,
studies and career. That is the key to your future and can make life much
easier for you in time to come if you know how to leverage it all.
14.9k Views · View Upvoters

If you could give me some advice about writing, what it would
be?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing

Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Read lots of books in the genre you desire to focus writing for. Read like
crazy. Read.
2. Write what you know. By that, I mean, there must be something you’re
into, like space, time, crime, romance, sex, whatever. Know what you are

into and be that person. Don’t go oﬀ following trends as they change but
learn to adapt to the world you’re in.
3. Write with meaning. You got an opinion. You got stand for something.
You want to change something in the world? Write with meaning,. Let it
come deep from within you.
4. Do not compare yourself to anyone. There will always be better writers
but it is not that which gets you out there. It is you writing, you
marketing, you connecting with others and you having large following,
for agents to desire to work with you and for publishers to realise you do
have a niche, and that your work can sell. Times have changed. Use the
tools around you online to build your own audience and do not compare
yourself with anyone as you do so.
5. Write a lot. Don’t start self critic your work. Just write lots. Keep writing
short stories. Small short stories. Loads of them. Write…write…write!
This is what you love doing? Ok then. Write and keep doing so. Don’t try
and perfect the ﬁrst page but keep on writing lots and you can later go
back to all that.
6. Invest in knowledge and skills regarding the structure when writing.
Learn to understand structure, from developing the theme, characters,
psychology of your characters and on and on it goes. Master your art.
Invest in knowledge on fundamentals is vital.
7. Associate with other writers and be open to take in criticisms and
suggestions. Don’t lose heart and don’t take it personal. Go where other
writers are and learn from them. Ask questions, listen, take note, learn.
8. Focus on ﬁnishing one book of your own work so you feel conﬁdent in
yourself in being able to ﬁnish something. Believe me, it does a lot for
your self esteem and conﬁdence when you do. Not many can ﬁnish
writing a book. They might start but some never ﬁnish and let life get in
the way.
All the best.
806 Views · View Upvoters

Is it romantic do you think for a director to fall in love with a
young actress on set?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Romance is not a place, a time.
It’s a feeling. So romance can happen anywhere. It’s a mood one can create
anywhere, even if it’s somewhere boring.
Romance: a feeling of excitement and mystery associated with love.
a quality or feeling of mystery, excitement, and remoteness from
everyday life.
So it doesn’t matter where it happens, it’s the feelings. One can approach boldly
and this creates a feeling. A person can smile approach, take a woman’s hand lead
her through shopping mauals and places and it be romantic.
It’s not the place but the feeling, tension, the mystery, that is associated with it. It
can be an idea sown in one’s mind on the adventure that can happen with
someone.
Even if you was in the place like Paris or Italy, if you’re with someone who you’re
not attracted to, it won’t feel romantic.

There’s no chemistry between you both.
The person has to feel something towards the other person - attraction, chemicals
kicking oﬀ.
636 Views · View Upvoters

Can you share some of your sketches (pencil works)?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art

Answered Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure and you can ﬁnd more of my work on my Quora blog too..
My Sketches, Paintings And Digital Designs
Here’s some sketches…

You can see what I mean although I still have pencil on this because I was just
doing studies from photo for the larger painting later on…

I sometimes use a cheap Biro pen to sketch. I was visiting my niece and she
wanted to know if Panda’s smile and I said, “let’s see..” and did this for her. It
made her giggle and laugh. We agreed. Panda’s do smile:

Then there is the more detailed ones from my imagination. I do illustrations for
my books I am working on. Here, I use pencil and then I go over in ink, and go
over it. I am going to make this one into watercolour. This one here is just a quick
study for me to now turn it into a watercolour paitning for my book.

Same here with this artwork. I’m more of a detailed person and so, many of my
work are very detailed, when they are done. You need patience with some of the
work I do but it’s worth it. I love drawing and painting…

Again, if you like to see more, just visit my Quora blog and hope you get inspired:
My Sketches, Paintings And Digital Designs
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are creative ways to describe the rain?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Rain? It is like a woman with an experienced lover than a boy; groaning from the
thousand tongues, a thousand lips and a thousand hands caressing her
erogenous zone.
Stimulating all her senses as her heart begins to race and the sound of lightening
whip roars of freedom. As he goes down on her to feel the rhythm of her spirit
gathering momentumn like an organised symphony.
The sweet warmth of her voice brings him the heavy dew that turns into ﬁre,
spreading through his chest and down through her body to make the electric pole
wires sing from the ﬁrst tears of release.
Her breathing increases, her legs shudder, body arches and bucks to the
intensifying gales pounding at her every ﬁbre of her body. She cannot contain
herself, she wants to scream and instead bites her lips.

The white creamy ﬁngers tighten on blankets of the dark sky. Heer petals open
naturally as she feels the ﬁrst touch of the tip of his tongue, the second stroke, the
third swirl, the ﬁfth ﬂowing drizzle. Her pelvise rises up and then….she pours like
a godess revealing herself to her lover.
Rain.
When nature is teasing you :)
938 Views · View Upvoters

Has anyone doubted your intelligence or education based on
how you behave?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences

Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh yes. Some women thinking because I am playful I can’t be a deep person who
can converse in all kinds of levels with any kind of person no matter of their
education. Also they think I don’t have much education until they get to know
me.
You know “he’s a player.”
They don’t think that when a guy knows psychology, science, and engage women
from all kinds of level that he must be smart, intelligent, knowledgeable and
skilled.
I cannot be assed tailoring to the socal norm perception.
It deﬁnitely is, “don’t judge a book by it’s cover,” but people mostly do and I am
ﬁne by that. It’s not my loss. Theirs as I know my self worth.
The ones who do get to know me, realise soon enough their perception tricked
them and wished they’d connected sooner and weren’t up their asses with
judgment. We get along so ﬁne it becomes a relationship that span years.
700 Views · View Upvoters

What would you say to a beautiful girl if she looks at you and
you'd like to go out with her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman looks at me and I am attracted to her, I’d do this..
Me - Hey there, you have been looking at me for then last 5 minutes and you can’t
be assed to walk over to say Hi? So I have come over to you. Now we are talking.
Don’t be intimidated by women, no matter how beautiful they look. They love a
man who knows what he wants and knows how to get it EVEN if she says no.
Approach and have fun.
Let go of the outcome.
Not all women will say yes, so you cannot aﬀord to wait, and attach to the
outcome.
You’re real status is your behaviour.
So act like a man who got status. Approach her and have fun.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

After few dates with a guy (met on Tinder), he has been sending
me less messages. Is he is not interested anymore? please read
details in comment

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d use Tinder wisely.
If he isn’t calling you on phone or text to lead to another date, then don’t waste
your time with this guy. Tell him straight.
“Hey, we had a great time the other day, let’s meet again.”
Then see how he behaves. If he is giving excuses or if he is ﬂaking out, or just not
leading then drop him.
Don’t focus on being exclusive to someone yet. You need to keep dating others
until you ﬁnd that one guy who really is into you and a guy who is, is going to be
consistent in commnicating and desiring to meet again.
He isn’t doing that.
Now he could be fearing you might say no.
Since he hasn’t the balls to lead, give him one nudge, and just sat..
“Hey, we had a great time (the day and place), I’m free this week, let’s meet.”
See what he says and does. Then take it from there.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that when I move on my ex suddenly wants me back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why when a man has the balls to walk away when he ﬁnds the
women is not putting eﬀort in to show interest.
Most women desire him even more.
Same with men.
The ﬁrst is the challenge.
The second is the scarecity where you might just meet someone else and you’ll be
gone forever.
Either way, why would anyone still wonder about an ex who is only interested
when you are not around?
Why even bother hoping?
Best you move on completely and shut that do.
Burn the bridge and just move one because some bridges need to be burnt or
you’d always waste time over something who can’t only when you’re gone.
353 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a guy confess his hidden feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can you get a guy to reveal his feelings for you?

What’s the context?
Is your boyfriend or a friend?
Is he attracted to you or not?

I’m not going to sit down with a woman I am not attracted to and open up,
sharing my feelings to. If I am attracted to a woman then sure, I’ll get to know her
ﬁrst and maturely, gradually share not only my feelings but I’ll escalate to such a
level, and articulate in a way she has some work to do to share her feelings to me
:)
Now if it’s a guy you are dating then you’d have ﬁgured out through a short period
of time, he isn’t the type to share his feelings easily.
So it be wise to be with someone who is conﬁdent in himself to do that or you’ll
gave an uphill struggle trying to change someone, when he isn’t broken. He might
not be a person to express himselves. He has a diﬀerent personality and
emotional language that what you desire.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should I get into a relationship if the girl loves me but I don’t
love her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The worst you can ever do to anyone is pity someone. Being with someone
because you feel obligated to do so.
Don’t do it.
She and anyone else deserve much better than someone being with them because
of pity. If you’re not attracted to this person and cannot see you love her,
don’tlead her on.
Love is not enough.
It will get really complicated and you have wasted her time and sometimes even
years. She could be with someone.
Rule 1# for great lovers is always be authentic, true to yourself and in doing so,
you are true to the woman. So don’t lead her on. You cannot determine the future
and try and force emotions, feelings of love. Many have tried and failed to
complicate someone’s life and their own.
I never meet and date women I am not attracted to and try ato force these feelings
of love either.
Be honest with her and do the right thing man.
Let her know the truth.
Don’t do this to her or any woman.
Just because you feel needy for love does not mean you go and pity someone and
waste their time. Let her go man. She’ll meet other men and be with someone
who will love her.
You move on.
Do the right thing.
Always do the right thing.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I really want to kiss him. He's not my type, but we're friends.
I'm not into him in a sense of gf/bf. Can I still do it just for fun,
or should I not?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No problem. As long as he feels the same. That’s the key here.
Just ﬁnd out from him if he feels the same and if he does, go for it. Life is too
short to try and label something. As long as you know where you stand and he
knows where he stands - that’s maturity
So see how it goes. You don’t need to label anything and fall for the socially
construction of what it needs to be.
All it is about is you know and he knows, everyone else, has no part in it.
So go and have fun.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my girlfriend to open up sexually and talk to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to lead and behave as lover. If it’s diﬃcult now then it is due to you
playing safe and wasn’t behaving as a lover way back in the beginning.
You was too serious and so, she’s not going to want to open up due to fear you will
judge her, you will label her, you will see her as a slut or whore, which is social
conditioning.
Therefore, due to you not doing this from day one and lack the knowledge,
experience and skill to do so, it be diﬃcult for her to open up in that way. For me
it is easy because I behave from day one as a lover, sexual man and so women will
know they can say whatever, because they know my stance when it comes to such
things in my behaviour, words, and all I do.
Being a sexual man, a lover is not one part of me but encompasses in all what I
do, how I behave, how I talk, how I dress, how I write. I ﬁnd it very easy and never
had any challenges for girls, women to talk sexually openly with me to even
hardcore level to tell me what they’d like to do with me or for me to say whatever I
desire to do with them.
This is called Early framing, in which you need to be authentic, true to your
desires from day one to the woman you’re with.
Women won’t open up because they do not have that trust there for them to do so
but if she is certain it is ok, it if is repeat pattern in your behaviour, in your life
and words, she will do so.
Since you didn’t do so from the beginning then begin the process.
1. Start slowly talking openly as you walk with her but in a private manner.
You - You know I was reading an article about how men and women can
talk so openly together about sex, and I ﬁnd women who do that are
conﬁdent. Very admiring traite. For example, I know I can with you speak
in this way because you’re conﬁdent, you’re not insecure about who you are
and your sexuality. And you know you can talk to me in that way too
anytime. What do you think?
Don’t be surprised she doesn’t open up or disagrees. Challenge her but
not in a mean way, but speak up, converse, communicate, laugh about it,
be fun, but don’t think she’d suddenly open up like that.
So this is talking. You talk openly and you let her know she can be
conﬁdent in being open with you. But you need to also behave more
towards it as words don’t mean much if it contradicts your behaviuour.

You are building rapport and connecting with her at a deeper level. So
many young and older men do not know how to do this. I have learnt this
and mastered it over the years to never fall for the nonsense teachings
that you talk to women like you do with everyone. You’ll bore her, you’ll
not excite her, and nor will you ever come close to building a meaningful
deep connection in which she can open up and be the natural woman
she so desires to be but afraid she be judged.
2. Texting. You can start texting gradually..
“Stop that! I am at work and you’re in my mind and thinking of all the
naughty things I will do with you :)”
Learn to text such things so she can play with you. Excite her, arouse her,
using text and let her feel she can do the same with you. Start gradual if
you like and slowly built up the tension.
And she will open up but be patient. Let her do so in her own time. Let
her choose to decide to do so with you for this is where it is means then a
lot to her when she chooses to do so, by her own will and choice.
3. When you see her, meet her, alone, use physical touch and kiss her
kneck, and whisper in her ears words that are sexual. Use lots of physical
touch when conversing. Let her feel and know you desire her and all of
us, and for her to let go. Be that guy who leads and surpasses her in this
and she will then feel nothing she does can be judged.
4. When you are comfortable with each other, pin her to the wall, again talk
sexual with her, real dirty and sexual, as you go down on her and eat her
out. Really learn how to make a woman wet by just words and touch, and
eat her out to orgasam.
Men think sex as physical but it is Psychological too. Enrich her mind,
spark her imagination, be a learned man, enjoy words, read a lot, learn to
use words that express her emotional language. Create the tension to
such she cannot help but to rip your clothes oﬀ, as she kisses you and
runs her ﬁngers all over you.
So you need to lead so she feels she can trust you, have certainty she can be open
with you in this manner.
You are the one who needs to open up ﬁrst and have the balls to do so.
You need to create the opening of trust, certainty that she can be the natural
woman, the sexual woman with you.
Start slow, gradual, be patient.
Women who meet me would have already known this and by the time we meet
face to face, we’re already talking sexual discreetly, and playing all kinds of games
before we met, and games when we walk about.
That is how I learn which women are bi and which women are sexually conﬁdent,
which women I am going to date, which I am going to be with long-term as we
date, etc.
For now, start slow with her but you are the one who needs to lead not her
because she will worry you might judge her and she needs to kow, anything she
says to you, you do not whatever hold it on her.
You keep it a secret.

If you got problems with drinking, do not drink! End of because if you speak and
say anything she said to you in conﬁdence, and you say it in front of people she
knows and people she don’t know - she will never trust you again and open up.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I betrayed her by speaking negatively about her out of anger. I
feel so bad I can't stand it, and I don't think she forgives me.
How despicable am I?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Certainty is a big factor with women, no matter what age. If you cannot be trusted
no matter what, you will be ﬁnished when it comes to women.
You cannot blame it on drinks or anything else.
They don’t care about that.
Certainty is vital for a woman to be able to open up to man, knowing she is safe,
secure, in her social world. So if you did anything to damage that, or anything to
show you cannot be trusted then you’re fucked.
From what I see in comment, it is a woman who you liked and she has moved on
and you with your mouth, said something in her social world, to which now she
doesn’t want to know you.
You need to be very careful with that because if women cannot trust you on their
secret, then they won’t open up to you again.
The only thing you need to understand is forgive yourself, move on and focus on
the present and future. Move on.
If you’re feeling remorse, bad about it, then you can’t be despicable but do learn
from the lesson, It happened for a reason. For growth.
See the positive side to this.
If we didn’t make mistakes, we won’t learn, we won’t grow and we won’t become
better human beings.
Just learn from it, use it to your advantage to be better at who you are and
become stronger as a man.
Do yourself a faviour though.
Cut it with the drinking. The amount of mistakes guys make and women too due
to alcohol is crazy.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

He hurt me like hell and it is breaking me apart.I feel so bad
that my sincere love made no diﬀerence to him (details in
comments)?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you met is a manipulator.
Either a Psychopath, Narcisstic fucktard who have damaged women and some
women do this too. It’s not a gender issue.
The sad part of it all, is when a good man, a lover of high value comes along, you
won’t know the diﬀerence so easily.

You will always be triggered by the past behaviour of Psychos, which will impact
your decisions if you do not seek professional help. Counselling, therapy.
Let me explain what they do without giving the technique names as it be detailed
already. I hope you’re on the way to ﬁnd help as you cut the guy out of life. Later
below this are steps to take:
1. The ﬁrst is the Psycopath chooses you.
They hunt you down. They ﬁrst observe you and come at you, knowing
enough to target your needs, desires, your personality traite. So they
choose you and then begin to move in to entrap you into their web.
Ever seen a ﬂy in a spiders web?
With lovers, you don’t feel trapped. You don’t feel like the ﬂy struggling
to get out of the web of lies and cannot breath. You don’t feel choas and
you’re going through trauma.
You actually feel freedom. You feel joy, peace and even your whole body
and senses tingle at the delight of their communication.
You actually grow and learn so much about your strengths, beauty and
who you are. They celebrate who you are and enrich you with
knowledge, experiences beyond most can ever comprehend.
2. It’s Not Genuine. They know it so.
They know the relationship with you won’t last so it’s not genuine. It’s all
about control, feeding their egos. They get oﬀ doing this to people. They
know it won’t last and become a sincere, genuine relationship.
Lovers desire genuine relationship and know a healthy relationship is
buuilt on mutual respect and trust.
They create positivity, they engage you intellectually, emotionally and in
a way you feel amazing. You know, deep inside you will oneday meet this
person even if they are on the other side of the planet.
There is not a time that you feel at loss and instead, you feel certainty.
You wish you sort your aﬀairs out to meet this person. You feel secure,
safe and comfortable with this person.
Not so with the Psychopaths because they is consistent drama later on,
when they hooked you in. They turn your world upside down even if
they are far away at corners of the world, munching away at the Doritos.
3. They Promise A Lot. They Promise everything.
They promise to do anything and everything for you. Yes, they promise
you the world and how they’ll make you so happy. That you will forever
be a woman who will never feel sadness with them but watch how drama
will suddenly happen, and all the true personality shining through as
they start with trying to control you’re every aspect of your life and I
mean, EVERY part of your life and social life.
Lovers don’t do that.
Lovers are free from jealousy and possessiveness. They do not care if you
have a man, a boyfriend, or you have a busy social life. They don’t not
intervene in your life and tell you what to do and what not to do. They do
not want to control you. Sure, they don’t want to hear what you did with
some guy so focus then on the lover and they will with you.

Lovers will role play with you but they do not promise and do not give
expectations of long lasting future. Yes, they will say they would like to
meet, walk, travel together, make love, remember I said lovers are direct
but they won’t promise you everything, and never ending relationship.
It would be a lie and it’s leading you on.
They cannot promise this to anyone as they haven’t met you face to face.
Manipulators will promise you fucking everything because they know
this is what you WANT to hear!
4. Controlling.
moment they got you to believe, the controlling begins. Lovers do not
get Jelous and possessive. So for example, if they knew you have a
boyfriend, knew you had work, knew you’re going out, they won’t try to
be possessive with you. They will skillfully just direct your conversation
about you and them not your boyfriend etc. They know, relationships
begin and many die. They are unafraid who you’re dating, who you’re
with, and so forth. They don’t ever try to dictate how you live your life,
tell you what you can’t do, who to hang around with. The Psychopath, is
diﬀerent. They start working controlling you.
5. Behaving Aloof.
They begin to be disinterested in you. They want to get you to chase.
They make you feel distraught because you had communication with the
fucker for sometimes AND then they dissappear, behaving disinterested
in you. This hits you so hard and you began to feel shit inside. You can’t
understand what you have done to deserve this. You’ve been loving, nice
and yet, this is what they do?
Lovers are consistent.
They understand pain.
They understand that it they servere the connection, and it is nont
consistent, it will hurt the other person. If they are going to be busy for a
bit, they will let you know and explain why. That they got some project
on, a book to write and they be back, and they’ll even send you
messages, detail, warmth so you know they do care and don’t want you
to feel hurt.
So they don’t behave aloof.
They are excited to meet you. They fantasize with you. They
communicate and you’ll ﬁnd they write a lot, say a lot to you because
they enjoy communicating with you and the interest in you is consistent
all the way through.
Not so with these manipulator. No, the Psycopath knows how to make
you feel anxious, make you feel anxiety, make you feel you want to kill
yourself, make you feel so stressed out you want to top yourself, make
you lose your mind in your social world AND sometimes - before you
even meet them!
6. The Next Phase - Drama.
They create drama. First it’s nice and then drama. Then it’s promising
you it won’t ever happen again and then it’s drama!
Each time, it is doing something to you silently, working within your

unconscious mind.
It is creating the CRAVING, the ADDICTION, in your mind. It creating
the pathways and so you become emotionally sucked in because it is
mental abuse. He is abusing you! Mentally, fucking with your head.
7. The Shame an Trauma.
They practically make it like it’s you to blame. You was at fault. Making
you feel guilty and ashamed. This is one helluve obstacle to sort out later
on.
But I promise you, you will heal and you will trust again. It will just take you to
get some help and go through a journey many before you had to go through.
A Healthy relationships are not build on drama, escalating of mind games
but rather on mutual respect and trust.
No, not with these bastards.
No, Psycopaths who come out doing this, will desire you to believe it is all your
fault. That all this is due to you and only you. That you brought this on yourself
and they so perfect and never wrong..
Everything is a lie, woven into a lie and isn’t about bonding with you. It is about
control. It is about power. It is their ego. It is a carefully made up tapestry of
woven plans and lies.
It is a MASK cleverly designed, custom made by the Psycopath. All of which is
tailored and targeted at your speciﬁc needs and desires. They fabricate and the
bond is nothing but lies. They know what they are doing and don’t give a fuck.
What To Do?
Realise you have experience such a high level of betrayal. You have been
betrayed! You have been mentally abused. This causes trauma.
Delete, block him, on every channel
Begin the healing process. The aﬀect it has on you can last for a very long
time. Seek professional help.
Again, I empathise what you’re going through. You’re not alone. There is help out
there. I’m not the guy to give emotional support but I can say there is help out
there, there is professional help to get you to move on.
Cut this guy out of your life. He’s fucking with your head.
I hope you’re ok. I hope you don’t do anything rash and harm yourself. I hope you
ﬁnd good friends and be around them.
But please, cut this guy out of your life now and get help.
All the Best.
398 Views · View Upvoters

What is a response for when you ask someone out and get
rejected?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Smile and walk away.
So don’t create a scene, don’t be melodramatic, don’t ask why. Smile and move
on, and show you got status which is your behaviour.

You’re someone who has options and you gave someone an opportunity and they
didn’t grab it. So you just smile and move on.
It’s not new. It’s not some new rule or some new system, model or whatever. It’s
been said a million times over in marketing, sales books, self development books
and repackaged into dating books.
Here’s one from the sales industry. I read this 25 years ago and wrote it in my note
pad and still remember today…
“You’re job is not to convince but to approach in seeing if this potential prospective
qualiﬁes for you time. They will qualify if they desire your oﬀer and if they do not
desire what you oﬀer, leave them better than you found them…”
Many clients came back, the way many women called me because most men will
try and convince. Man of status moves on very fast.
Here’s another. This I read 10 years ago..
“When you have options, a funnel ﬁlled with potential clients who desire what
you oﬀer, you don’t have time for one person who is unsure of what they want or
when they say no, to try and convince. So create options and you will behave as a
man who has status..”
Here’s another from a poem I translate in English..
“What fool desires to squander his youth on a womenn who desire him not. The
world is your kingdom ﬁlled with beautiful women. Laugh. Smile when they say no
fore the day shall come she will woo and cry when good men of valour, boldness to
approach have become a few. Lovers of amazing words to move her mind and
shudder her body with excitement dwindle to few men in her quickening of age. Not
for you. You are a man and no matter what age, women shall desire you. Young
women!”
See what I mean? It’s not new.
Know yourself worth.
You don’t need to react.
Instead respond with a smile and move on.
Done.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is that okay to talk sexual fantasies after just one week of
engagement in an arranged marriage?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You probably come from a country/culture full of social norms, traditions, rules
and have been arranged married. Probably haven’t got any experience in this
matter either because before I even met a woman, we’d already had such talks but
that’s me, being experienced for women to be able to open up without a guy
judging the woman, seeing it as abnormal.
That’s societal programming, where you think it needs to have some time frame,
and worse, you’re married, and ask “is it normal for her.”
It’s natural. Forget normal because “normal” is invented word in society to tell us
what we can’t and cannot do.
It’s natural for a woman to desire her man, to open up, to express, to role play and
fantasize with him even before marriage, and even before dating if you’re living

in the west and have lots of experience how to help a woman open up without
fear of being judged, ostracised and pointed at.
She desires you.
Or do you want her to do that with someone else?
So be a man, see a woman is communicating with you, desiring you and she is
opening up with you, comfortable with you, attracted to you to do so.
It’s natural. To hell with “normal.”
It’s natural for a woman to do so with the man she is attracted to, desire him
deeply and trusting him to do that.
That’s very positive for you mate because some women cannot be like that to
even their boyfriend/husband and yet, this is one of the fundamentals in
relationships that gels people together stronger than ever.
So don’t judge her. Don’t see it as “normal or not.”
See it as natural for her to do so and natural for you to do so. Go ahead,
experience it all with her, role play, learn how to do it, read about it, make it help
you and her to gel together even tighter.
It’s never too early. No rules so don’t listen to society and the programming
society has been force fed with.
She’s opening up to you and so open up to her.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

A married man who is a manager at the store that I work at
keeps looking at me. I'm a 20 y/o girl he's around his 30's. Why
does he do that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Remove “married” because now you’re forcing it to give it some romantic context
as well as the age. Now what do we have..
“Manager.”
What do managers do?
They manage employees.
They look if you’re doing your job and that be so, if I was a manager working
there. I’d be watching you also, making sure the job is getting done.
Yes, I will keep looking at you and it’s not that hard if you’re working at the same
store doing my job - managing. Not hard at all.
Whatever the case maybe, it’s a job, it pays, don’t screw it up by getting close with
the manager no matter why he looks.
Why?
You need that money because holidays will be coming soon and you can go, travel
and meet tons of new guys and if you’re into older men, awesome. You’ll meet
some but keep your job out of your dating life.
Believe me, you don’t want to go there.
It’s gets really complicated especially if it’s your boss or manager, and who can
ﬁre you and cause problems for you.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I told her that I like her and she said that she likes me. What is
the next step?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The steps..
1. Forget relationship for now.
2. Pick up phone
3. Suggest an adventure for you to go on, a walk etc
4. Meet face to face and assume she is your girlfriend. Don’t behave
platonic. You meet, embrace, etc and take her hand and lead
5. Converse and use physical touch as part of your conversation
6. Build more on attraction. Simmer down, be fun, light hearted fun while
building some comfort (share values, stories to give more on who you are
and for her to do so)
7. Don’t ask too many questions like an interview. It’s not about small talk
and looking for commonality but to build feeling, arousing her,
exitement. Have fun.
10.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I always feel anxiety or irritation before conversation?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s your brain.
The brain primary function is to detect a threat and so, when someone
approaches you or you approach them, it will be whrring away looking for any
detection of danger, threat, ready and alert.
However, when the conversation begins you will ﬁnd yourself feeling a little less
nervous, less anxiety and the brain realises there is no danger. That it is ok. That
this person is not there to harm you.
It is automatic. Autopilot.
It is always there, ready, alert for your own protection but it can also get in the
way and assume a lot of false things. Sends pulse signals to your nervous system
and you can feel it all over your body or gut.
That’s why when you engage, and other person engages, it simmers down and
you ﬂowing without much worry. It’s still looking for danger, it’s still
ﬁltering,segmenting, organising, categorising the type of person you’re talking
with and storing the information in your memory.
563 Views · View Upvoters

I can't seem to get over my ex boyfriend, and I believe I'm never
going to ﬁnd someone who likes me. How can I change my
thoughts or is it true?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can’t change these thoughts.
But you can add new ones and dilute these other thoughts to be low, while the
new ones become louder.
How do you do that?

1. You got to go out and live to meet new people
2. You need to socialise more
3. You need to be good at using dating websites
4. You got to be good at connecting with people
5. You got to do more of what creates options for you
6. You got to get out of the house and meet the world
7. Then when things start to happen, you meet someone
8. And you fuck it up
9. To do it all again and meet someone else
10. Then they fuck it up
11. Then you go out agane but you have tons of people now in your funnel
and so you start dating lots of people
12. You date again
13. And you both fuck it up
14. So you keep moving forward and date some more
15. One is crazy
16. The other is too obessessive
17. The other gets easily Jealous
18. Then you got one who is a Psychopath
19. One is so boring makes you go to sleep
20. Then there’s this guy who is so nice, afraid, he apologises for everything
21. Other is too slow you have to wait until xmas for him to have the bottle to
kiss you never mind holding your hand. You’d think something is wrong
with you when you’re with this guy
22. Another can’t stop crying and is an emotional wreckage
23. This one is so good looking but won’t talk much and acting all cool,
which is again, boring the hell out of you and…he ﬂirts with every
woman he sees, in front of you
24. The other doesn’t talk much
25. One talks far too much and on boring crap you’re not into
26. On and on it goes until….
27. You meet someone who is…well, he’s too good to be true, and you’d be
wrong because he isn’t too good to be true.
28. You date some more
29. You like each other more
30. You have sex more
31. You realise 10 month gone by and still together
32. Everyday feels like you just met and the feeling for both of you is still
there
33. He makes your heart go boom boom even after 2 years.
34. He knows how to take your mind wherever he desires, and you feel
amazing. You can’t help but tell the story of how you met to people you
meet at parties and with your friends.

You suddenly realise, there is no such thing as “the one.”
It’s was just you were so comfortable with some guy years back and now you’re
comfortable with this guy but he takes it to another level. He gets you and you get
him. You see the world in similar way.
You might be younger than him and he is older than you or vice versa but you
don’t give damn about that. This what you got is gold.
Maybe you met this guy at the other end of the world.
Maybe locally.
Maybe online
Maybe on Quora
Who knows but what is for sure is…
You do begin to say…
“I wish I moved my ass earliar. I could have met this guy sooner.”
No, not really.
You weren’t ready for such a guy and he probably wasn’t ready for you.
But now you both are.
It happened because you put eﬀort in to live your life.
Suddenly you’re thinking diﬀerently. These thoughts you once had are so quiet
and you can hear a more positive thoughts. You believe what you didn’t before.
You wonder why you was so worried.
All you needed was to just take action and love.
You went out and lived to realise…
You don’t change thoughts.
You dilute it with new, big, HUGE, BRIGHT, REAL new thoughts. You create your
own experiences, new journies, new thoughts which shifts the paridigm for you
to a level where the fuzzy cloud dissappears for you to see clearly.
You do it by going out of your comfort zone and….live.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you mean when a girl gives you a love letter and then
asks you to check it for any errors even though she is the best at
English ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t mean, read it and then hammer her about what errors you saw.
It means….
“Please do read it and tell me how you feel. Do you feel the same way as I do? I hope
you read my letter. Don’t just leave my letter around. I put my heart on this letter.
Treat it right. Read it and get back to me and tell me how you feel, and if I am
chasing a ghost or you feel the same with me, tell me. I hope I am right and you feel
the same way. Or I made a big mistake..”
Second, she probably let go of this guy because she’s into you and so for strategic
planning ;) she made sure, she got her back covered, so you know she has no one
now, and is waiting for you to say yes to her.

So if you’re into her, approach, be conﬁdent and go for it.
Don’t talk about errors.
Compliment her letter and…
“I feel the same way about you too.”
Now let the chips fall where they may and let’s see her true colours.
You’ll know exactly what’s is what….right there and then.
909 Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay if you've sacriﬁced your female friend's love just
because you're unemployed?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wish people add the damn details. Doesn’t have to be long but give us context or
we will assume and talk out of context.
So here’s what I think…
Why are you putting yourself down?
Because you are unemployed and so you want to push your girlfriend away? Is
that it?
That is not the problem.
You’re self esteem is the problem.
Mate, when I was unemployed, no woman can ever say to me I am nothing. I am
not deﬁned by job, money and all this material crap.
I am deﬁned by what I say, by what I believe, and not all these material stuﬀ that I
cannot take with me to the grave.
I believe in myself, whether job or no job, business or no business, money or no
money, even if I was broke ass in street - no woman can say she is better than me,
and no man can either.
It is not the materials that made me the man I am and it won’t be for you, and it
won’t be for any woman.
It is our thinking, our thoughts, our habits, our behaviour.
These are the real deal, right there.
That is why it is hard for any human being to succeed because it is not the proﬁt
as an example which makes a business a success.
Proﬁt, money, success is the result of our thinking, our strategy, our plans, our
goals, the choices we make, the mistakes we learn from.
This is so with a career.
Money, material, proﬁt, job, promotion are nothing more but feed back of the
right choices you made in your life.
The job does not come ﬁrst.
Your thoughts do. Your belief does. Your self esteem does. Your self image does.
Your plan of action and strategy on how to get from A-C.
The system and model you create in your life.

The knowledge, experience, and skills you invest in.
And if you do what most do, you get what most get. If you do better, more,
smarter than you get much more than most will ever get.
If you’re brave, bolder, you get even much more and you ﬁlter out anyone who is
going to waste your time and prioritise your time in an eﬀecient manner.
This is what makes you.
You don’t need anything else but these and the rest will come, when you can
prove to life you can use, adapt, get good at using what life has given you,
whether you feel it is little or a lot.
I am a master of doing that because I wasn’t born hot good looking, with rich
family, and everyone doing it for me. I had to forge myself into the man I am and
no one helped me, or lifted a ﬁnger.
I gladly gave whatever it took because I had a greater purpose.
And your greater purpose does not come before women. You’re greater purpose
must come ﬁrst before all because people come and go in our life. No one can
promise “for the rest of my life I will be with you..”
How many people made vows and look where they are now.
How many said the word “love you,” and look who they are dating now.
In return, it did not make me sacriﬁce anything. In return I never let anyone try
and deﬁne me and what I want out of life and relationships.
So if someone is telling you to change this and that, letting go of lots of things,
your greater purpose….THEN they’ll love you…move on man. They don’t get it.
They cannot promise what they say they can promise.
But if you’re saying that because you’re unemployed that you will leave her, well,
this is just a self esteem issue you need to sort out.
887 Views · View Upvoters

I haven't been on a second date in months and I have one
tonight. Why am I nervous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are nervous because you are attached to the outcome and second, you got no
options. You haven’t many people in your funnel for dating.
So you’re running on scarecity.
Lack of resources.
Putting all on one girl.
One contact
One phone number
One date
That’s why….
You got so much expectations for the one person to say yes, you’re going to fuck it
up by being all impressing, kiss assing and nervous.
Detach from the outcome.

Just go and have fun. Don’t expect anything because she/he has done shit for it.
That doesn’t mean act like a moron or bitch. It means, relax.
When you see the person assume they are your girlfriend/boyfriend, because
they are meeting you due to being interested in you.
That work is done.
Now relax, be a lover and not some person who is worried the person might not
bother seeing you again.
Let go of the attachement to the outcome.
You cannot control that.
No one can expect if you is me with 25 years of experience who has balls so
masisve he’d say to a woman “hey let’s fuck,” and not give a damn if she frowns,
walk away, whatever.
Can you do that?
No. Ok then. Let go of the outcome, and just have fun.
You’re putting far too much pressure on yourself and there is no need to. You’re
good enough for the right person.
Relax, enjoy, focus on the person, don’t ask too many questions, don’t talk about
past relationship, no negativity, make the person laugh with being yourself.
And don’t give a shit if they don’t want to meet again.
Use lots of physical touch in your conversation. Lots.
Removes awkwardess and tells the person, “I know what I am doing. I am into
you and I am not here to be a pal or friend.”
1k Views · View Upvoters

I realized my abusive ex had changed and treats his current
partner very well. Why did he treat me so badly in the past?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me ask you a simple question..
When your ex abused you, did you go oﬀ telling people what he is doing to you?
Did you let the world know?
You kept it to yourself.
In the beginning it was going ﬁne. It was fantastic. He was having good times
with you but then, months down the road, it all changes.
The abuse began and you felt like walking on eggshells.
The abusers use many techniques and many are Psychopaths. They are so good at
hiding it from world and even making the person to hide it too because they
make the person feel it’s their fault, their weakness when it’s not.
The abusers are weak. The abusers are cowards.
The abusers are needy and bunch of fucktards. The abuses who crave for
attention, for power, control and will humilate, and do whatever to be the source
of attention.
You kept going and never told anyone, like a stranger.

The woman he’s with right now isn’t going to shout it on facebook, twitter or call
you. You don’t know what is going on in that relationship.
You were smiling in front of people when this happened to you.
You was seen calm.
I had friends, who seemed calm, collected, but I still felt something was up. I have
good instincts. I can sense and feel something is up.
But they were smiling when they were amongsy people, laughing when with me
but later, years later I learn they left an abuser. They were mentally abused, some
physically and I didn’t even know.
People hide things like that.
You never know.
And she will be in early stages yet, if they just got together and dating.
Be glad you have moved on and he’s out of your life. Let it go. Move on.
By the way, I hope you’re alright. I hope you’re getting help. I hope you make great
things happen in your life. I hope you do move on and realise you deserve so
much better.
All the best
18k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok for a girl to confess her feelings to a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Is it wrong for a girl to confess her feeling towards a boy?

Is it ever wrong to share your feelings to the guy you’re into? If you mean you’re
attracted to him? The answer is no.
It is not wrong but you need to appreciate something and I want to help you to
see the bigger picture before you.
If you go to a guy you like and tell him the deep stuﬀ, like - you love him and the
ﬁrst time you saw him you liked him, then it can create awkwardiness. You’re
being too serious and when you do that, it makes a person uncomfortable.
Imagine, and I know this is very crude, but imagine you’re going to boil and cook
a frog. If you place the frog in a hot pot of water it will jump out fast. The heat is
so hot it knows and it will jump out.
But if you place the frog in a cool water, with some leaves, and gradually heat up
the water, it won’t even know and it be cooked.
Yes I know, bang a lid on it but I’m just giving you an example.
So like human beings, even though we can be direct we need to also see it from
the other person’s point of view. To jump in and say it, without some gradual
process without ﬁrst creating a slow nice feeling to desire you, you kill it before it
starts.
What I am saying is, don’t hold your feelings, but don’t talk about love but
approach the guy and still let him know clearly, that you like him, you like to get
to know him more and see if you both get along.
Later, if all things worked out, you’re together, and all that, let’s say a month or so,
then you can slowly say things like..

“At ﬁrst I liked you but as time went by and got to know you, I’ve fallen for you,
and in love with you, etc cetre.”
So do share your feelings. Do show interest but be smart.
Don’t put all on a plate when the guy hasn’t shown any interest back. Let him also
show interest, and take time to know each other.
But also don’t judge him if he’s like me, playful, fun, loud, outrageously
adventureous with his talk and life. Just get to know him.
Just don’t say because you want some feed back.
You’re saying what you feel, and if he doesn’t give feedback, doesn’t show
interest, that’s great for you. You found out what you need to know.
To not invest more time on him.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Has anyone been able to achieve something extraordinary in
life, after being dumped/cheated by his/her love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, years back…
1. I get a call and it’s a record label from USA and they are massive, all over
the world.
2. 3 months later one of my songs is played on radio in my home town and
one of my mates who knows the ex who walked out on me, said..
“Dude! I just heard your song on radio. It’s playing everywhere and…your
ex was sitting in kitchen with my girlfriend, and her jaw fucking dropped
man. She was like staring into space, looking at me, looking at my
girlfriend, and I’m looking at girlfriend. All she could say - It can’t be him.
Is it?”
I was more worried if my relatives, community ﬁgures it’s me. They
didn’t know back then. So my identity was kept hidden for over 25 years.
I had a double life. One normal and one none knew except close people.
I didn’t even tell my mum and dad, sisters, brothers. They just thought I
was doing nothing. Mysterious guy no one in a sense knew what I was up
to. Kept all close to my chest for a while.
Only close friends knew. This guy knew and my ex.
3. She called later at night. I packed things and being driven to the airport,
had some interviews to go to. I pick up and…
Her - Hey, how you doing, you ok?
Me - Yes, sure. But I got to go.
Her - Listen, I was thinking, maybe I was wrong.
Me - Maybe isn’t good enough. Bye.
I haven’t looked back ever since and life just gets better every damn day, week
and year. If I were to drop dead right now, I’d say I’d be happy.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend changed. He loves me to death, but he keeps
doing things just to get me mad. Then he says, "You look

beautiful when you're angry," and he laughs if I try to break up,
saying, "You're still a little girl, but I'm not giving up on you!"
Could this be love?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This isn’t role playing where it is consentual, because you don’t enjoy it. He’s
hurting you, fucking your mind up. He’s not role playing here, but manipulating
you, messing with your mind.
You need to walk away from this guy as fast as possible because this will turn
nasty later on if you’re still with him.
He likes to abuse you and that’s what it is, mental and emotional abuse. Better
you run as far as you can because this will lead to physical abuse.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl says it is complicated, what does she mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In what context? I wish people put details, brief ones to show context.
So I’ll put my own context to it.
That the pain is greater than the pleasure in doing jack shit to be with you. That
she cannot see the person in front of her asking all these questions is of high
value or equal to her to make it….uncomplicated.
It means, “I am not that into you to date you. I am not going to do whatever it
needs to date and be in relationship with you. I cannot be assed to do so.”
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

What did you do when the love of your life cheated on you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s exactly what I did.
1. I went and bought some new clothes
2. I had a shower
3. Called my mates if the Party Game still happening. It was
4. Called for Taxi
5. Arrived
6. Had sex because a party game is where it’s all about sex, drugs and
nothing else but that.
7. Then decided to travel the world, which I did and had sex in diﬀerent
countries, with diﬀerent women
8. Came back and felt good and realised, I’ll be fucking ok.
It’s so damn good being a man. So damn good.
:)
22.6k Views · View Upvoters

Girlfriend sent me a picture of her sticking her tongue out
through her two ﬁngers. Was she doing this to be silly or does
she seem to like girls?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Oct 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s ﬂirting with you. She’s tempting you to eat her out. Don’t believe girls in
school have no sexual experience. I was having sex with girls at a very young age.
Girls were also aed 14 and they were having sex with guys and knew all, from blow
jobs the works. Most adults have no clue and thought when I was a teen, we didn’t
know. Oh we knew alright. We are curious at that age and we ﬁnd a way.
So next time you meet her, escalate.
She’s saying “eat my pussy when you meet me.”
She’s a conﬁdent sexual girl not some insecure girl like most. She’s telling you she
ain’t some girl who is shy and she is playful, and she wants you to be too. Don’t
send any pictures of your dick by the way. Instead, when you meet her, be playful,
arouse her and lead to eating her out.
966 Views · View Upvoters

What does one do, when the internal critic in your head,
constantly tells you that you should go back to the abusive man
that you broke up with?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You really need to go and see a thearpist because if you have been with an abusive
person, man you have probably been hit by all sorts of Psychological
manipulation techniques these Psychopaths and abusers use.
That internal critic in your head isn’t some voice. It’s the craving, the addiction
these fuckers do to you. So if you have left an abusive relationship, the pathways
are still there, due to lots of psychological games the man did on you, because
when the abuse happened, it triggered the following:
1. Attention
2. Senses
3. Emotions
4. Long Term Memory
So these are now replaying in your head, over and over again.
Don’t push it away. Come face to face with it, acknowledge it exists. Like it is the
abuser and in your mind, imagine standing up taller, bigger, more powerful as the
image of that voice gets smaller, cowardly, and runs oﬀ.
Change the images in your head because what you’re feeling is addiction
cravings, emotions. See a professional to help you work it out if you need to but
don’t think this is your internal voice. It’s long-term memory kicking in and so all
those controlling manipulationg crap comes at you.
All the best
690 Views · View Upvoters

How do guys feel when they play mind games on someone they
were madly in love with and the person called them out on it
and it backﬁred big time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He probably doesn’t give a damn and showed nothing to you, and that is why
you’re here asking questions about it.
Go and ask the guy and stop making it a gender issue.

Amount of times women do this is huge. It’s not a gender issue. Has never been a
gender issue. Men and Women play mind games. Not all but some do.
So ask him how it feels.
I don’t know how it feels because I don’t play mind games.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

There's a guy I like & I've outright told him. But I’m getting
mixed signals from him. Is he interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What did you really say to him?
Did you say you like him and want to go out on a date?
Or did you just did what teens do, and say “I like you,” but did nothing else, no
follow up, no number exchange, no leading to something?
If he hasn’t lead and you was direct in telling him you desire him which I have a
feeling it was ﬁlled with subtle messages than direct - then he is just ﬂirting with
you and nothing else but that.
Probably using you as a preselection, to show to other girls that other girls are
interested in him, and hims going in to the one he is really interested in.
Whatever the case maybe, if you was direct with him in showing interest and he
hasn’t made any move, instantly, right there, then move on.
Interested or not, he hasn’t done jack shit to ask you out.
That’s all you need to know.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I just want a quick relationship with no commitments or
strings. How do I approach a guy for that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t need to do much. Just dress the part and the men will ﬂock to you.
Well, that would be ideal but you might ﬁnd many fear rejection. If you’re not
extremely attractive and dressed in a certain way to say you’re available, and
behave in a manner, then more will walk by.
What you can do if that happens:
1. Dress up. Look great
2. Do your hair
3. Bang some makeup if you wear some
4. Hit the night club
5. Dance like a hot sexy woman
6. A guy will approach
7. And if his name is Adam Taha who writes on Quora, you won’t have to do
a damn thing. He’ll lead and turn you on, you’re legs will tremor from
excitement
8. But if you don’t, don’t wait for the guys to approach because trust me
when I say this - many guys haven’t balls to do what he does. So smile,
ﬂirt, don’t just move near the guy expecting he has years of experience to
know you want him to talk with you

9. Then drag him to the dance ﬂoor, get the awkwardiness out of the and
away we go
If he still hasn’t balls, then there are no place in world that sells my balls and
adventure spirit. You’ll have to lead some more.
After the dance go outside. Isolate, talk, ﬂirt, physical touch, kiss, and then go
back to drink, dance and leave together.
Do the same anywhere. It doesn’t have to be night clubs.
Just be approachable.
Don’t be serious. Have a sense of humour. Please, for pete sake, so many women
got their heads up their asses. Be fun. Don’t take what we say seriously. We want
fun with women we like. We are MEN not women. MEN!
Remeber the bratty kid you knew who didn’t give a shit and said whatever?
That is us when we are not brain washed, societally programmed. So don’t tell us
to not be MEN. We are men, we joke a lot, we ﬂirt heavily, we sexualise. We
masterubated and talk about sex while you women were told not to. Sexuality is
natural to us, not hidden, and so, if we talk, we fantasize with you, get with the
program please. Don’t take it seriously.
We do that to remove awkwardiness so don’t judge us for it. Go with it. Laugh at
our lame ass jokes. Just ﬂow with it.
Smile. Say hi, ask for direction, make any excuse to speak to a guy. Laugh with
him. Compliment him. Tell him he’s interesting blah blah.
If he hasn’t balls, then you ask for his number.
But if you approach guys with this crap…
“Hey, I want a relationship, get married, have 4 kids..”
They will walk away. It is creepy as hell and most men are not desperate to say yes
to this so fast.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are the best ways to respond to a woman saying, "I have a
boyfriend?" This is meant to be interpreted in a way in which a
woman might automatically assume she is being hit on by a
man.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy: Do you want to study the chapter for a chemistry class?
Girl: Sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Guy - Congratulations. I never thought you had it in you. Now back to the topic
about studying for the chemistry class…..

Guy: Do you want to study the chapter for a chemistry class?
Girl: Sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Guy: Are you suggesting we experiment the dangerous chemical formula on him?
I never took you for a Psycopath but what an idea. We’ll get A+!

Guy: Do you want to study the chapter for a chemistry class?
Girl: Sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Guy: Awesome. He can make the drinks then. Can he cook too?

Guy: Do you want to study the chapter for a chemistry class?
Girl: Sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Guy: Sssssh. It’ll be a secret between you, me and the whole class. Now about
studying for chemistry class…..

Guy: Do you want to study the chapter for a chemistry class?
Girl: Sorry, I have a boyfriend.
Guy; Yeah? Is he better than you at chemistry
Girl - Yes
Guy - Ok we need him to help with the chemistry class! Bring him along!

In other words, knock her oﬀ her pedestal and let’s get down to business.
108.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be insulting if I ask my ex to hook me up with one of
the engineers on his job?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First..
1. Hook him up
2. Make him happy he has a new girlfriend
3. Now turn it around and say you know a guy you like who works with him
4. And if he can help you
So ﬁrst ﬁnd out someone else’s desire and lead them to get it. Now maybe more
helpful to get what you want.
People don’t care about what you want until you care about they want. I’m sure
he will help out because you hooked him up with a very attractive woman. Make
sure she is more attractive than you and he will be smiling his head oﬀ.
That’s if you want his help.
:)
604 Views · View Upvoters

How do I not lose myself when in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you do is this.
1. Write down the stuﬀ you were into before you met the person

2. Write down your passion or stuﬀ you’re into that you did before you met
the person
3. Write down your hobbies too that you have before you met the person
4. Write down the list of friends you got before you met the person
5. Write down what you’re gong to do to keep buulding your social network
of friends oﬄine or did do before you met this person. I mean REAL
friends, not facebook, twitter. Face to face.
6. Write down your goals you had in your mind before you met the person
7. Write down what you wanted to achieve, a dream, a career, or business
before you met this person.
8. Write down what you did or do for leisure before you met the person.
Have it all written down.
That’s your life. You don’t fuck with your life. You don’t make anyone the centre,
the ﬁlling of emptiness but rather, they share this world with you.
That’s what I do and have done and most people worrying about one relationship.
I’m dating 6 women now, multiple relationships and no it’s not hard, and I don’t
have the problem in losing myself.
I don’t because I am not passive-aggressive, needy but goal orientated, purpose
driving and my purpose comes before women, sex even though I love sex, fucking
love it but even though I am seen as a player - I work hard.
I have a purpose in life.
Hard, talented up to my eyeballs and achieving big things, travelling around the
world but I still have time for women I date because they are not needy, they are
independant and they got a life too.
Just be good at communicating, prioritize and don’t be passive-aggressive.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe in true love or is it a myth?
Adam Taha, Life is a one way ticket. Make it a amazing ride.
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I believe in this..
1. First it is infatuation. Chemicals
2. Then after months it is a deeper connection
3. Then after sometime it is love
4. But love is not enough
5. You need experience, skill, knowledge and balls
6. And no matter what, you have no control of people. Some come in your
life and leave as fast as they came into your life. Some come for a little
longer. Others don’t come at all and walk by. But some stay in your life
for a long time, and some…stay till the end of your life or the end of their
life.
And like me, I don’t need to worry about all that because I date multiple
women, and so, we know what the real deal is. I don’t fear who leaves. I
have options because…love is ﬁrst about loving yourself and when you
do, you don’t fear being alone and you live by your own rules.

That is why I believe in love but love is never enough.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl broke up with me but she still likes me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what you do…
1. You approach other women
2. You keep doing so until you ﬁnd a woman that says Yes
3. You date these women until you ﬁnd one to be in relationship with. This
stage takes time. It takes longer if you have no balls approaching lots of
women and in a country steeped in religion, culture and hard to
approach women due to the customs there.
4. You don’t give the other girl who messaged you the time of day. You tell
her you have moved on and not interested in being friends. We call this,
having the balls to move on and not letting women use you for emotional
support. She can do that with some other needy, desperate guy.
That’s what you need to do…..create options.
Let her be in the zone alone.
The zone don’t exist for you = hanging around her hoping she will date you, have
sex etc cetre. (Just keeping it real).
You got better things to do than be a therapist for a girl who has her head up her
ass, telling you she’ll accept your proposal like she knows 100% you will desire to
give her one.
Your proposal..
“Hey, listen. I have moved on. Not interested. Have a good life.”
Done!
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

My ex called me and told that she wants me to be a major part of
her life. Is this suggesting that she still has feelings for me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She didn’t share what she meant because she didn’t want to be IN your life. Years
of conversing with women mate gets you to know their bullshit.
A woman who desires you isn’t going to say she wants to be a major part of your
life. She will say she wants you to be IN your life.
That she has missed you and wants you IN her life, as her man. It’s just her
playing with words, giving you hope and hoping you fall for that kind of bullshit.
That you’d call and run into her arms to be her therapist.
Here’s what she means…
1. I am saying I want your time
2. I want your resources
3. I want your emotional suport
4. I want to use you
5. If nothing works out, I got you and other guys in the stable

6. So I can choose you or others to be my next bitch, platonic boyfriend
who I will dangle sex because I know you is needy, you haven’t moved on
and haven’t women pursuing you/you’re not dating women.
7. So I am not saying I want to date you, be my boyfriend. I am attached to
you, and I want to cry a river to you on phone, on text, on our meetings,
whenever my boyfriend slaps my ass, or is so hurtful to me but I will still
not date you, never have sex with you and go back and ride him instead.
8. And just so you know, that if you do say yes, you will know I have no
comittment whatsoever to have sex with you, make out with you, or be
romantic with you. So if you try it with me and ask me out…..I will
psychologically put you down and tell you that you already know. That I
am not into you in that way and “we are just friends.”
What some will call aﬀection.
What some will call “she still cares for you.”
What some chump will ra ra about how they still in touch with their ex, and so
good friends and because they are not insecure blah blah.
I call it for what it is.
Using you and you wasting time on a woman who isn’t going to date you, and you
can be busy dating someone else, spending time with another woman, going out
with her, getting intimidate, physically, sexually and put the rest of your time on
your goals, dreams, and building your social network to always….have…options…
so you can move on so fast, she be history.
People got too much time to kill pratting about with ex.
But when you got big dreams, big life, believe you won’t have time to kill and prat
about sitting talking with ex girlfriends who can’t communicate without being
straight with you on exactly what they want
And when they do that, that’s called manipulation.
That’s called “throwing the feelers out there and let’s see if we catch a needy,
desperate chump who got me on a pedestal.”
In other words…
Move on.
Hope is the greatest bitch of all.
She’s called hope for a reason.
It hooks desperate people in.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does the fact that another man saying he's completely in
love with my partner, really anger me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You angry about that? I think you need to not look at who texted but how
immature the girlfriend you are dating for telling you this.
Man, so many guys here are dating immature women.
Jeesh.
I never had girls do that with me, ever. Telling me so, so texted and wanted to
date her blah blah. It’s immature. Looks like she don’t have much respect for you

to say shit like that.
Don’t be angry at the guy who you don’t know and who will do what’s natural for
guys to do, which is hitting on women.
Be angry you’re dating an immature girl and who needed to focus on making her
man feel good, and on him, and the relationship than bullshit talk.
You’re angry because you’re scared of losing the girl. Jealousy.
Who knows.
But I won’t be pissed oﬀ with that.
I’d be dissappointed I chose a girl who is immature.
In fact she is very needy talking that shit. She’s starved for attention from you or
she trying to raise her social value in front of you?
The games some play. Immature.
Find yourself a woman who has more sense mate. Don’t get upset about some
guy. Get upset on the choice you make with who you’re dating.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I am very good at writing music my parents say I should record
it but I don't think I should because I never get feed what
should I do?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t believe parents or friends. Believe when you get on stage and then see for
yourself. If you don’t believe me, look at many who go on these Xfactors and they
believe they can sing, and many can’t.
All because someone told them they can.
So no, don’t believe what others say but go to professionals and they’ll let you
know for real if you can. Or walk in stage, with your guitar or whatever and do so,
and you’ll see for real if you can.
Secondly, don’t do anything for validation.
For example I don’t writing songs, sing, do art for validation, feedback. I do it
because it is in me, it’s what I love to do.
So if you’re doing it for some validation, a pat on the back or feedback, and if you
don’t get that you won’t do it - then best not to do it all.
You’re doing it for the wrong reasons.
But if you do it because you love what you do, go ahead, record, produce but
appreciate that nothing in life is easy. If you want to make it into anything, the
last you focus on is getting some feed back.
You need to do what you do because you believe in it and that drives you no
matter if you get feed back from people or not.
705 Views · View Upvoters

What moves can I do to turn on my boyfriend? Both over texts
and in person?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are capturing their emotions and leading their fanatasy that connects with
you. With men you need to let go of the fear of not being sexual.
It is best if the guy himself is a conﬁdent lover type because he’ll lead, he will
actually turn you on and that will unleash so much desire in you to do whatever
you desire without worry of him judging you.
Now if he isn’t leading then I’ll give steps and also what to avoid whether he’s
your boyfriend or a guy you just met who is a lovertype.
Some Understanding..
Lover type..
1. The lover will lead. These guys are conﬁdent. They are masters in
regards to psychology of women in many ways. They know women are
fearful of being sexual physically and with words men. So he will use
stories immediately where he introduces women in his stories.
But understand the second point here very carefully…..
2. It doesn’t mean you go oﬀ talking about some ex, or some boyfriend, or
another guy. This is your CUE to now tease him, tempt him with words
and direct it on him having the experience with you.
This is what is called Role Play. He is easing the woman into role playing
but he needs to use something without ﬁrst involving you; to see if you
will join in or be oﬀended. He doesn’t fear you being oﬀended but he is
careful in easing you in.
So when he mentions other women, it is not a cue for you to later role
play to mention another guy, a boyfriend, an ex, etc but this is your
opportunity now to strike while the iron is hot by role playing in a sexual
way but…INCLUDE HIM in the story not anyone else.
3. Don’t put a third party in this. Focus on the guy you are communicating
with. The key is he needs to imagine the experience with you not you
telling stories of what happened with someone else.
So bear this in mind. It needs to be personal to him, you and him, in this
sexual world, in his mind. If you sow seeds of another man in his mind,
slowly he will distance himself from you and you’ll notice his sexual role
play will simmer and he will dissappear.
So no playing hard to get and don’t include other characters that isn’t
you and him in the ﬂirting and teasing words.
Boyfriend types
1. They are not conﬁdent in this area. They will not lead. They lack
experience in capturing a woman’s emotiions, imagination and fantasy.
That is why she will spend time with lover who gives her that but if she
doesn’t give him the sexual part too….or at least let him know it will
happen…he moves on.
If you have a boyfriend who doesn’t lead in teasing and ﬂirting with
words; yo will need to do then leading ﬁrst.
2. Focus on the boyfriend, use role play, texting, stories that is about you
and him. So same, like lovers.
Understand what you’re really trying to do:

1. You are teasing sexually to tempt him to imagine you in his mind.
2. You are creating story in his mind on how you desire this sexual
exprience with him.
3. You are painting his mind the experience, the emotions, the images of
your body, every detail in a manner that is sometimes indirect at ﬁrst but
later very direct, vivid with hardcore words. To such you even say what
you want him to do with you etc.
4. Start oﬀ slow
5. Never, use another man in the teasing, story, because if you do, you’re
going to ﬁnd he slowly lose interest because it is not about him and you.
You’re creating a deeper sexual connection here so be personal with him.
What To Text:
Start slow because sexual tension is created gradual as he cannot see you but he
can read the words. If he could see you, all dolled up, he will be aroused fast
especially if you touch him but this is about words/imagination..so gradual.
First text teasing and temptation messages..
I can’t stop thinking how strong you are and how you can eﬀortlessly
take control of me, and make me yours. It’s so sexy.
I’m in bed and I am daydreaming about your skin and body against mine
OMG! Stop distracting me. I’m at work, trying to do my job and I can’t
help thinking about all the naughty things you’ll do to me.
I never met a man who can make me feel so sexy and safe…when naked.
I really love those naughty eyes of yours, and what you’ll do when we’re
alone. I bet you have that same devilish smile and look right now.
When he starts responding, which he will then escalate the images his mind
to a heighten level of seduction. Be bolder…
Guess what I am thinking? How you’re going to xxxxx so hard tonight
I’m in bed and guess what I’m thinking. How you are going to make xxx
in so many ways.
Describe yourself stripping and playing with yourself
Describe what you’ll do with him when you are alone
Role play back and forth
Paint the picture in his mind, turn the heat on and he will do the same too and go
hardcore with the texting.
Turn the heat on even more as you go along.
For Private Messaging
Don’t email or work systems. Do this at home because at work everything is
backlogged into the system.
With private messages you can go into more detail, sharing a story, of what can
happen by sharing your fantasies but here’s where it gets powerful.
Let him know you never experienced this and you like to, but with him. That you
imagine doing all this with him.
Again, gradual and slowly turn the heat on.
Just don’t break this rule - don’t mention someone else when you text and send
orivate messages, even if he did in the beginning.

He only did that to let you know it’s ok to be sexual with him and then bring it
home, by sparking attraction to a higher level by creating a story that is sexual
between….you and him. No one else.
I can go into greater detail but I can’t here and that’s why I am writing books on
these for women to turn on men using text messages, phone etc, and also writing
one for men when attracting and dating women using the same tools.
But that will take time.
For now you got something to work with that won’t get get some voilation notice
or banned :)
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with a spouse who is an introvert, likes
playing online games, staying at home, talking less but
listening more, and avoiding society?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait. You knew the person is like that anyway when you met them. So if it was a
problem, you’d not bother dating them and getting into a serious relationship.
You’d look for compatibility.
If you desired someone to go out a lot with you, be with society, do things outside,
walk about, all sorts, you’d ﬁnd someone else.
Yeah, I get guys and girls, they see someone attractive and think…
“Well, I can deal with that. I can change this person..”
But you have sex on bed, on ﬂoor, on table…
After a while, she don’t look so fantastic, gorgeous and “LOOK HER ASS!”
Or, “DAAAYUM! Was I drunk 10 months ago. Jeesh he’s a boring twat. But ahem…
I like his friend.”
Next, you do all sorts to change the person, ﬁx the person but they were never
broken in the ﬁrst place.
But wait, It gets worse.
They suddenly say…
1. I like playing on video games
2. I don’t like going out being social
3. I don’t like people
4. I don’t like crowds
5. Oh…erm…I AM NOW…ASEXUAL!
“WTF? When did you become asexual?!
“When I bought these games. It will get me busy for 6 months.”
Then you might become some chump or a girl who got the the guy on such a
pedestal and you got such low self esteem to make yourself believe..
“Hey, sex is nothing. Yeah, it’s nothing. I can wait for 6 months. After all, love
conquers all. Love is love, is love.”
But 6 months comes along and the person says..
“I can’t. I have BOUGHT NEW VIDEO GAMES! These will take me 3 years!”

Can you see the madness?
You’ll feel like you’re sucked into the Matrix and can’t get out. Probably end up
having therapy and curse the day you ever met this person.
All you can do now is have a chat with the person and see why and what. Then
take it from there.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I get bored of guys easily, how can I keep a relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very simply this…
Don’t date boring guys who so nice, not challenging, don’t get their freak on with
you and probably are a bunch of chumps who are afraid to lose you.
Instead go with guys who are bold, will challenge you mentally in a positive way,
emotionally, sexually and life wise.
1. Hint, they don’t kiss your ass.
2. They expect you to show interest properly, not with one words or some
emoticon.
3. They sexualise verbally to make hardcore movies like like nothing
4. They do so to ensure you’re not a little kid anymore and you’re a grown
ass woman, who understands you’re talking to a man not a boy
intimidated by women, or societies social norms, traditions, AND to
screen our boring women who get too serious, pretending they are not
sexual, that it is too low for them to get their freak on.
5. They already dating women who are boring and if you’re good looking
but you’re boring, they’d rather fuck a salad or talk the the phone to
some nut case, that date such a girl. Honestly, we rather date an average
girl who has backbone, and is up for a good time, and adventure than
attractive girls who bore the hell out of us with their nonsense and
indirect behaviour.
Would you be bored if you dated a guy who one day ﬂying oﬀ to Paris, a week later
ﬂying oﬀ to Rome, a month after ﬂying oﬀ to Switzerland and he’s like..
“Let’s go and see the world together or do you like living a fucking medicore life
pretending you got it, with these bullshit selﬁes like some girls do, pretending you’re
life is happening? Ok then, let’s go and…don’t wear anything underneath ;)”
So be with guys who are not predictable, always moving, living life to then max
because you’re probably type who gets bored easily being in one spot, one place,
doing the same repetitive thing.
You’re probably dating guys who are not doing much in their life, who are not
challenging you, who are not going anywhere, and you don’t see a future with
them.
So raise the bar and forget looking for the good looks and start looking for good
time, the badass guy, the guy living it up, the guy who if you ﬂirt with one word,
he won’t fall all over you but because he desires you and because he is your
equal…he will say..
“Woman, you can do better than this.”
So raise your bar, get past then bullshit look most girls look for. You know what I
mean. You want to impress friends with dating some boring shit hot guy or do

you want your heart going Boom Boom, your hair on the back of your neck raised,
your legs shudder and you get wet by just hearing his voice, knowing you can
open up as a Natural woman and he’ll blow your mind with the sexual experience
and most of all the adventure of a life time.
If not, keep dating the boring shits who will romance you with words of love, and
scared to even mention “pussy, ass,” like they so scared you cannot handle it
because we so serious aren;’t we in this world, pretending to be so innocent, and
righteous.
Raise the bar and date guys who got dreams, ambition, even if he is living in a one
bedroom house. If he got a dream, if he is burning inside, if he painting, writing,
battling it out and using whatever he got to travel the world…you’d have a better
exciting time such fucker than the boring shits who follow social norms and who
got to frame you into a relationship like you are product or prize to win.
You know what I mean.
I bet you’re already giggling and smirking away at the screen, nodding your head.
There we go.
Now attract such guys and leave boring, sensible dim wits alone. Life is too short
for being boring with anything. Too short.
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

I am ashamed to admit that I feel uncomfortable if I see gay
people kissing. How do I combat this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Natasha. I know how you feel in some way. I felt that too. I couldn’t understand it
at ﬁrst. I just didn’t know what it was about.
Worse part no one could explain so I understand these feelings. All I got was
“accept this” and “accept that” and on and on with some advise. None of it helped
but one day, years later, it was like everything was clear to me.
And I got up and thought..
“Hang on a minute! What the fuck! I am ok about sex and all the diﬀerent
communities. This isn’t about that!”
I wish you was there in the room when it suddenly came together. I felt so
awesome because I realised something…
Years of social conditioning hit me as it hit you. All these stuﬀ in our head and
these battle our emotions. They have become part of me now.
That’s when I thought..
“Yeah, that’s right! If someone don’t understand how see what I see, and feel waht I
feel, gay or not, they can go and fuck oﬀ. It’s ok to feel this way. It’s part of me. It’s ok
to feel uncomfortable about what I see. What the hell am I doing? I don’t need to
combat this. It’s part of me!”
You and I have been hammered for years, since we were born and so, when we see
something we are not used to it. Of course you’re going to feel those feelings.
It’s a perception, that has been developed from the day you were born until now.
It’s huge factor. It is part of you. It’s like saying…
“I need to cut this part out of me and throw it away…” to combat it.

It’s part of you Natasha. It’s not something to combat but to embrace. It’s ﬁne. It’s
ok. It’s not wrong.
If people want me to accept them, then accept me my feelings.
I’m not going to apologise shit to anyone about my feelings.
Instead, I respect people’s choices in life.
So if I feel weird about something, ashamed about something I see…. I am not
going to beat myself about it. This is part of me. This is who I am.
So if someone wants me to accept all of who they are, then they need to accept all
of me, and that includes if I feel uneasay, uncomfortable about something. I know
they’ll understand and I’ll know they won’t judge me for it
I don’t,need to combat it.
You don’t need to combat it and beat yourself to the ground about it. Years it
took, decades of socially conditioning society.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Natasha Yates

How do you stop talking to a person on whom you have a crush
on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s how I do it..
1. Approach other women more attractive than her
2. Date them
3. Have sex with them
4. You’ll ﬁnd someone you really get along with and be in relationship with.
This one here takes time.
5. and WALLA!
You then ﬁnd you can do much better than pursuing a married women. I won’t be
friends with her if I am interested in her because that would be one dumb move.
You’ll be needy, desperate and she will know you like her and fuck you over by
using your time in telling you how her man fucked her, how he is such a bad guy,
how he won’t do this and that BUT….she still with him.
Then when you hit on her even slightly she’ll do what most women do..
“I like you as a…friend. I’m married.”
You know how it is with girls who love to use you to get their pussy wet, and then
go back to ride their boyfriend, or husband, because you gave them the emotional
support but now they so turned on, they want sex, but never with you.
So such girls will be dropping words like..
“Oh you’re so sweet.” or “And the other day me and MY BOYFRIEND were walking
one day…”
So move on. Say..
“Thanks, great knowing you but I’m moving on. I got better things to do than be an
emotional support and crutch for a woman, hoping one day she fall for me. Not
going to happen as you’re now married and I don’t like complications.”
Just say it in your own words so she doesn’t hide her head up her ass because you
sussed her out.

Or you don’t need to say shit as you owe her nothing.
Move on or you can learn the hard way.
Choice is yours.
25 Views · View Upvoters

He told me he doesn't love me and asked to make him fall in
love with me. What does that mean, & how do I do that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called - Playing hard to get.
The worst kind of people to meet and date. The worst kind. You don’t want to do
anything with him. I’d never tell a woman that kind of nonsense. Sounds like you
must met a Naracisst who if you try to do such a thing, will just walk all over you
later on and mess your head up.
Believe me, you don’t want to go there but I know how tough it is when it comes
to chemicals and emotions. Sometimes people know they are looking at bad news
but still can’t help themselves until they get hurt.
I hope you’re wiser.
The unfortunate part though is you had to ask “how do I do that,” which tells me
you got a long way when it comes to self esteem, conﬁdence and knowing you can
do better than guys like that.
Hope you don’t need to get hurt by this guy for you to see what I am getting at.
295 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

What are topics you consider yourself knowledgeable in but
don’t discuss often on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sex. I am very knowledgeable in sex, and all aspects of sex. But I won’t discuss it
here because I cannot be assed with moderating system and getting warnings. In
time though I’ll have my website and go as hardcore as I want and no one can say
“OOooh” and all that.
So yes, sex and designing my own sex toys which are getting manufactured as we
speak. I won’t discuss it here as it’s detailed, step by step. Also imagine the images
I’ll use as well and words I use.
Won’t go down too well here ;)
Second, strategy, marketing, sales, advertising and copywriting.
Third, art, graphic design for print and digital/web. I don’t answer lots of
questions on these topics. I like to do the work than write about them when it
comes to these.
895 Views · View Upvoters

I asked him to get together this week and he said he was busy.
He didn't follow up. Should I just move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on. He’s the type of guy who has other agendas. He’s not interested in you
but just gets a kick out of ﬂirting with you. Probably already in a relationship or
has a date and not telling you.

Move on…fast.
Don’t give this guy another chance either.
You directly asked and you even said “I thought you was interested,” and he
didn’t make his move. Stay way from guys who do that. Either playing hard to get
which is deﬁnitely the type to stay away from or just not interested and was
fucking with your head.
So just move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I have this friend, she has no feelings for me but texts me when
I'm on a date to ask if I've talked about her? Does she have
feelings for me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s an attention seeker. She’s not much of a friend either, and you have some
problems knowing what a friend is.
What friend text you on a date and ask if you talked about her.
A Narcisst who don’t give a shit about you but herself. Don’t waste your time with
her. Sort your priorities out.
That kind of girl I’d keep her far away from me.
You got some warped standards of a girl who you ask “has she feelings for me.”
Why would you even desire that or want to know from a girl like that? She’s an
attention seeker. Into herself.
They call them Narcissts.
Stay away from her man. They love playing fucking games. They are drama
queens. Girls who fuck with your head.
So wake up man. Approach other girls, and do not give her time,. If she text,
ignore. Especially when you’re on a date.
Delete her damn number, block her number. She knows you are into her and she
isn’t into you, so she is playing with you.
12 Views · View Upvoters

Is he asking me out on a date or are we just hanging out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want a date?
Then behave as a woman who is on a date, ﬂirt, physical touch etc. If you don’t
speak up when you meet - you’ll ﬁnd yourself a friend.
His mistake is his behaviour, if it was him interested in you, didn’t behave as a
lover so you know he is attracted to you from day one. Lovers will ensure you
know by their behaviour, they ﬂirt, use physical touch when conversation and
even sexualise indirectly or directly depending on the environment.
One thing to not do, is when you do ﬂirt, sexualise indirectly or directly,
depending level of rapport you’ve both built, is use any role play that speaks of ex
boyfriends, other men, no matter who they are.
If you do that, you’re sending a message you’re not really into the guy and it
doesn’t come oﬀ as playing hard, it comes oﬀ as annoying.

It turns oﬀ a guy especially the conﬁdent ones.
The lover type will also follow up in text sexualising, role playing so you know
he’s into you but also, we do thatto screen out girls who are just not sexual, and
who are insecure.
Many girls say they are conﬁdent but we don’t take their word for it. We sexualise
hard sometimes to make sure and if she dissappears, no problem. We found out
what we need to do and not give her another chance nor bother time with her.
So…
Just make sure if you desire him, attracted to him - then this is no time to play
safe when you with him. Girls that do that, I make them as friends, so deep they
never become a date with me.
So behave as a woman who is into the guy.
However, if you’re not interested in him, then behave diﬀerently, have fun, etc,
and then make it clear you desire him only as a friend.
His problem if he wasn’t clear from day one - if he wanted it to be a…date.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ellie Lysel

Do guys secretly want to be dominated by their girlfriend/wife?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. Not this guy here. I like submissive women and that’s doesn’t mean the
women are not conﬁdent. They just desire a man who can lead. Including the
bedroom. So no, I am not into being dominated but I do attract women who are
submissive and they see it sexy.
Balance in the key and there is an understanding.
Can’t stay women who try to dominate, loud and all that. Nor am I into women
behaving like masculine, men. Nop, not for me. I like femine, submissive but that
doesn’t mean they are not conﬁdent in life, job etc.
Just when with me, the masculine is gone and I’m the Masculine and they love it.
So whatever ﬂoats your boat. Every guy is diﬀerently but no way in hell do I
secretly desire to be dominated in anyway.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

I fell in love with a girl, cared a lot about her and tried my best
to prove it, but she rejected me when I confessed my love. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Jan 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Tried my best to prove it…”
Yes, the usual mistake so many guys make.
Let me ask you a question.
When did you ever get her to prove it to you? Never. This is the problem. Trying to
prove to her, when she needs to also show eﬀort that she is into you.
I do this all the time.
Whether it is oﬄine or online. I ensure for girls to tell me what they’d do if with
me, or I’d ask, why should I be interested in them. Or I’d role play, sexualise and
ask them to share how it would go. I sexualise to such a level, I EXPECT the girl
who is not into me, who is insecure about sex, who is afraid to be true to her

sexuality and who is not into to judge me, by dissappearing. The girl who does
role play is the one who is conﬁdent, sexually secure, and she desires me.
She shows interest. It tells me she has left the old cave age of not talking about sex
and so forth, back in the dark ages.
That’s called qualifying for her to show eﬀort she is into me so we are clear, I am
not a friend, I am not looking for platonic relationship and I am interested in her.
So she needs to eﬀort or I move on.
When I do this, then here’s what will happen.
1. She disappears if she’s online. Good. She has be screened out, ﬁltered out
and so now I move on.
2. She might just show some emoticon, and that means again, she is not
interested. I even tell such girls that won’t do, try harder. I am not afraid
to push it. That’s me being a man and not needy. She also knows I am not
interested in being an emotional support for her either, talking about her
problems.
3. She works it to show interest. I am a sexual man, so she would role play
same as I did and tell me how she want me to fuck yes. Yes, women do
that to men not boys but men who know how to ﬁlter women out, atract
the woman who is sexual like himself, conﬁdent and secure in herself.
But she also knows she can trust the guy and that’s done through
conversation. That’s a skill that took me years to develop.
What I won’t do…
1. Be an emotional support, listening to women’s problems. Women who
contact me for help, advise are told they pay up for my time. So if they
looking for me to kiss their ass, fall for their emotional expressions and
words to listen, be there and not pay up…don’t get my help. I don’t waste
time with them.
2. I don not spend time on phone and text with them listening to their
problems. I don’t give a fuck until they have shown interest, dated me,
we got intimate, physically and sexually, and even then….they know I am
not thee for them to talk about some guy, and all that. They are with me
and I am with them so we focus each other. I’m not some nice guy
chump.
3. I do not hang out for hours on end listening to girls problems. They got
lots of chumps, guys, wanting to kiss their ass, pretending to be nice but
really want to get into their pants for such girls to do that. Or their
friends. Or their parents or relatives.
You’re behaviour is diﬀerent to mine.
I have no problems to say to a woman what I want immediately and ﬂirt
immediately, and expect them to show who they are or bye, bye.
You in the other hand did the opposite and wasted so much time, invested time,
emotions, thinking to such you built comfort.
So it was natural for what was about to happen….
She was like most girls, using you for emotional support and then when a guy like
me comes along, a lover, it is over. You went ahead and built comfort while you
needed to build attraction.
I build attraction, I qualify ﬁrst and comfort etc cetre.

Rule #1 in attraction you need to:
Have the balls to show intent that you’re into a woman immediately. You don’t
confess love. You approach behaving in a playful manner, because the last thing
you need to do is get serious when she hasn’t shown she’s interested in you too. If
you’re serious, being all confessing - you create awkwardiness.
Rule #2 You got the balls to walk away
If she don’t show eﬀorr in beginning stages you walk away. If after you shown
intent and she isn’t showing she’s interested in you, you walk away. You do so
because you are of high value than her or an equal.
Those who put girls on pedestals are not equals and behave in a submissive
manner for girls to psychological seduce a guy to be timid and passive to spend
resources, times, emotions on her and they get nothing back.
Rule #3
Never forget 1 and 2 or girls will use your time, resources, and not give a shit
about you. They will be with you, get aroused and go and ride her boyfriend or
she will be with guys like me and we have sex and lots of fun.
I know in 5 minutes if a woman is into me and if she doesn’t show she’s
interested, I walk away. If she acts like a bitch, bye bye. If she’s judgemental, calls
me a player, or whatever, bye, bye. If she doesn’t work it while I am there, showing
she desires me, I walk and I move on to someone else.
And to be on the safe side, I will escalate to such a level, if the woman is up her
ass with unsecurity when I sexualise, to make even hardcore porn look like some
sad pathetic movie, she would run away. Good riddance.
I attract women I desire who are into what I desire, who desire what I got, yearn
for it, had enough of the bullshit so fast, I would have forgotten the woman who
dissappeared or said no.
Those who cannot take me, those who get oﬀended, those who got boyfriends
and know I don’t give a shit, will ﬁnd they have only two choices. Go away or
embrace what I have to oﬀer and get with it.
No talk about problems they got.
No talk about their boyfriends.
No talk about any of the shit women do to nice guys.
No “you’re sweet.”
No “you are cute.”
I even say to girls to not use these words with me. That I am man and she is a
woman, so behave as a woman who is into the man she’s talking with.
That’s when girls know they cannot treat you like they do with other guys. They
either behave in a manner to show attraction for real or they dissappear.
If they dissappear…good, You move on faster. You have ﬁltered them out and they
can go back to their world and you move forward.
Nothing of the sort happens when it comes to me because if I hear those I will
escalate to such a level, with every hard core sexual word, painting what we
would do so vividly, women will either get oﬀended and leave which is awesome
for me, or realise the sexual experience is on the table and run with it.
Either way, I am not changing for any woman and no am I going to apologise for
being a sexual man. So women like that, will dissappear very fast, in minutes,
never mind weeks and months and that tells me…

“Yes, she is just want to screw around with my time, want attention, emotional
support and now I found out..good riddance.”
Being up front early on, in the beginning stops you wasting time with women
who are not into you and who are looking for some chump to vomit their
problems on.
You was all into hiding, pretending while I have already mentioned pussy, ass,
fuck, eating her out, the whole lot to a woman in on phone and she’s sayimg..
“Yes, I want it now,. When shall we meet.”
And she would have told the story to me herself, not me. I would have got the
woman to tell me how she’d like me to do so with her.
That takes balls.
I seriously mean that. It does take balls. Some guys in my shoes will feel sick,
tremble, worry, and all that. You try do what I do. You try to behave the way I
behave and you’ll see how MASSIVE my balls are.
You will feel terror when you do what I do but that’s only because of neediness, of
your own insecurities and fear of losing the girl.
I know my self worth. I know what I got. I know their life is boring, medicore
while my life isn’t. I know what I got to oﬀer.
I don’t need to pretend and I don’t need to be some nice guy, worried if I say to
her to show me right now how she’s interested in me. Not proof, but for her to tell
me she’s interested in words and behaviour and I’ll put my hands up, and I’ll say
ok. Let’s move forward toghether.
I don’t play hard to get and run a girl down to hurt her. I want her to show me
she’s interested right there and then as I have too.
I’m sure a lot of women right now appreciate that kind of man but also, a lot of
womem will be disgusted by such a man. That’s ok.
I understand. No problem. It’s ﬁne.
But you was all hiding.
You’re were so worried you’d lose the girl.
I challenge the girl to leave if she can’t remember what a man and woman do
when they are sexually attracted to each other. I don’t hide my desire for a
woman, I don’t apologise for it.
I don’t need weeks, months like most guys do and waste my time.
I don’t prove shit. Here’s the process.
1. Approach.
2. Be playful, fun, and ﬂirt
3. Converse
4. Now qualify her. Qualifying means that she needs to show eﬀort on why
the hell should you even consider spending one more minute with her.
Yes, you can do this and if she doesn’t show the reason, if she doesn’t
explain, if she doesn’t answerr your question….she’s not interested.
5. Now you walk away. If the girl shows interest, sorted. You can move to
the next step in painting an adventure in her mind what can happen,
and then exchange number.

In 2–5 minutes I can do this. I can add more minutes to build rapport and if she’s
willing, we walk and get a drink, so add 30–45 minutes - but usually, we both
busy. Usually due to logistics and timing it won’t happen.
So I won’t even bother after 5 minutes are up if she doesn’t show eﬀort.
The showing interest, is both ways.
It’s not you kissing her ass. It’s not you working hard trying to convince her. She
has to also show eﬀort and if she doesn’t, guess what?
The attraction isn’t there.
So you smile, you say bye, and you walk to someone else.
5 minutes. Not weeks. Not months. Not years.
Learn now.
Learn to be faster on which woman is showing eﬀort and is showing she desires
you and which ones to ﬁlter them out.
The faster you do this, the faster you get to the woman who says yes. The woman
who is into you, will make it so much easier and she will not hesitate.
Yes, some are shy but with skill you can help make her comfortable but even
then, if she doesn’t show eﬀort, show intent she is into you, her chance is over.
That’s the lesson you need to take with you.
Has sod all to do with love.
It’s called being a man of self respect.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend never says I love you ﬁrst and it hurts, am I
overreacting?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to look at his behaviour:
1. Does he spends time with you?
2. Does he take you out?
3. Does he give you comfort physically?
4. Does he take interest in what you’re into?
Or do you see him ﬂirting with girls and only meets you for a fuck?
Look at his actions in behaviour not on how he says love ﬁrst. You know how
that’s easy for some guys to say and you girls believe in that shit so easily because
you desire validation so much in…words!
Look at the real deal not words.
We guys know what you want to hear. We can say we love you, you’re so hot, so
sexy, blah blah blah, but does the guy call you to see how you’re doing?
Does the guy visit you and spend time with you?
Does the guy encourage you about your goals and dreams when you speak about
them?
Does he when you email him or send a message, it’s not one word but he blasts
away sharing so many things with you, you can make a book out of it? Thats how

you know a guy is into you for real.
Does the guy listens to you and communicates in such way, he shares his inner
secrets with you, his desires, his fantasies and you doing same with him?
That’s how you know a guy is into you and he trusts you very deeply.
Does he project future adventures with you, holidays, a life with you?
That’s when you know you got one helluva a man who is trying to say to you, “I
want you, be part of my life, and we’ll see the world together, you and me.”
Does he caress you, physically give you comfort?
Does he take you to meet his friends and relatives? That’s when you know he’s
thinking of you in long-term basis relationship.
We behave in action. Most of us have been brought up to not say such words so
easily but we behave in our actions to show our love.
Look at the list above, does he do some of these?
Start looking at the real deal, the concrete stuﬀ that makes a relationship strong.
Don’t make this a big deal because if you do, you’ll push him out of the way.
And you might ﬁnd yourself with a guy who doesn’t just not say a damn thing but
doesn’t even see you except once a week, and you’re not part of his life.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Can a marriage last long without enough sex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the lovers themselves.
We call this compatibility.
Compatibility is not about education, sex, love, religion, culture, age, income, job.
It is an attitude. This is what most don’t get it but you cannot force this attitude
on other people and say..
“Oh we can have no sex and be in a relationship so why can’t other people.”
Compatibility is an attitude in which lovers embrace a process, and believe in it,
and follow it for both their happiness,without losing their identity and
individuality. So it’s lovers who desire, have an attitude that they CAN together.
So if one says no I cannot because I desire sex and have high sexual drive, and I
just cannot be like you desire me to be - and other says, I cannot because I am not
that into sex, then it’s not going to work.
It’s an attitude. A process in which lovers work towards to achieve happiness for
each other and happiness for some is very diﬀerent to everyone else.
Yes, without sex, marriage can work but for many it cannot.
Example, I am not willing to be with lovers, if they are low in sexual drive. I’m not
going to do it and therefore, I will not embrace the process as this is my attitude.
It depends on the ones who are married to each other and their attitude.
496 Views · View Upvoters

Ive been in love with a certain girl since the 5th grade iam 19 but
ive moved away we still talk tho what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would approach many women right now, get rid of your fear of rejection and
putting women on a pedestal. You didn’t tell this girl a thing which means you got
some issues to sort out with your own insecurities.
One of them is you fear rejection to not even have approached any girl, never
mind her. You wasted so much time over thinking this.
As for love, sorry, you have no idea because you cannot love someone who you do
not know and you don’t know her, no matter how long you saw and talked to her.
You are in love with the idea of her and the emotions connected to her, and the
movie in your head.
Start approaching other girls and get a grip to be emotionally strong. You have a
lot to learn. As for this girl - you have blown it anyway. Girls like guys who are
conﬁdent, who have certainty and who are not intimidated by a…girl.
Try but I doubt it will work out because it has always been in your head, not hers.
When she knows you didn’t make a move when you could have, it will
demonstrate you didn’t even like her enough to overcome your own fears.
Therefore, her unconscious mind will label you as a passive-aggressive guy, who
is a nice guy, and not the image in her mind of what a conﬁdent guy is.
You had your chance and you blew it.
She will probably be dating some guy, in a relationship and didn’t know you exist.
The logistics as well are now against you.
You had it all there, easier but now it’s harder.
You can try but no matter if you do or don’t, better start approching tons of guys
or you’ll be like most, never being able to approach due to fearing rejection.
It be a lesson that will be the thorn of your life.
She isn’t important but this, sorting the insecurities out, getting experience is
because she’s one girl, she will say no, what you are going to do. Wait for 10 years
for a girl to pop up or to make a move?
551 Views · View Upvoters

What is important to you in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Trust. When you can trust each other. You know, when you look at each other
while you’re in a crowd, you trust each other, no jealousy, possessiveness.
She can open up and all the secrets, fantasies, deep down, locked and she only
tells you and she knows she can without being judged as a slut, whore, and all
that and you can do the same, and she won’t judge you as a player etc cetre.
The natural woman, not the woman socially conditioned, fearing what parents,
other relatives, friends, co-workers going to say if she even hints she loves sex.
No, the natural woman who woken up to realise all was designed to be insecure
about her desires, about her sexuality but not with her man who she can trust.
She can open up with him, with all her nakedness, and she won’t feel ashamed,
nor fall for modesty invention. Both ravish each other, mentally, emotionally,
intellectually and sexually - in all the ways she so wanted and desired, and
without a moment thought if he will judge her.
She knows she can be the woman she so wanted to be with him but cannot do so
out in the world, in jobs, even…with other women and close friends. She has to be

careful what she reveals, what she says about herself because with emotions,
some people will just blurt out or for status, some people will speak.
But with him, he is free from such need.
She can live her fantasies knowing it is kept between you and her. Whatever she
desires, it’s there for her. To hell with romance novels, porn and 50 shades of grey.
She’s with a man who can do much more and she can let go in all the ways she has
dreamed of doing and fear nothing.
She can desire whatever and you will help her to enjoy the experience with her,
and while others see it dirty, down right whatever, you both work it, and like it’s
the most natural thing in the world because…it is the most natural thing in the
world.
So you can be who you are with each other and everyone can tell, something you
got they wish they had and can feel it too. I get it all time, when I am dating the
women I am with - people can tell. They in a sense wish they could live a life in
which a man can be with diﬀerent women and each women secure in themselves.
They don’t know how it works, what is it you got that these women will be with
you without jealousy, possesiveness even when you’re with other women. They
won’t know and most will never know.
To get to this stage, you need to be ready to see your own insecurities and battle
them. I did and so did these women. We are so far away now from the way world
is, social norms, traditions and we never need to fantasize about what we desire.
We live it and do it.
So a woman can be the natural woman and some will fear being so, because they
so worried what someone else says, what that guy or woman might think of them.
It’s not easy but imagine, if you could. Imagine if you could open up yourself, all
of you to do all that and more. Every sexual desire, intimacy, the lot.
That’s why these women I am dating and me, been with each other for over 16
years and some 12 years because they know, they can’t get that from the guys out
there. It’s funny because we do say to each other..
“What we go, is so rare, if people knew they’d kill us for it.”
Imagine, no need to cheat. No need to lie. No need to pretend. No need for all the
stuﬀ most people do. That kind of trust.
It’s priceless. Cannot be bought and it’s the most wonderful feeling.
I can sit at a bar and not give a shit, and the women I am dating, sometimes come
together and they’ll be dancing. There’s no bitterness, jealousy amongst them.
The women I date know how how to dance, very atractive and all eyes on them,
guys hitting on them, and I’m munching away and drinking at bar enjoying the
show as they face palm them.
Trust.
You can be free, light, no baggage on shoulders to carry, not worrying about
someone needy, desperate, insecure and be happy, knowing the person trusts you
and gets you; while the world just keeps on judging.
You and the lovers don’t give a damn about the social norms and traditions but
also, you know you live in this world, and so you help each other to be at times
discreet in a world that puts labels on people and fear what’s new and don’t
understand.
The trust they gave me is locked. Never will be broken no matter what. Trust for
vital and the key to an amazing relationship in which it opens the heart to

communicate openly to one another.
Trust is also….fragile.
Nothing just happens.
I have no excuse for me saying to any woman, “it just happens.” It is very fragile.
Like a vase or a glass.
Break it, it will never be the same.
You will alway see the cracks. Always.
It’s called trust for a reason.
People who got hurt, people who once were promised, people who got their
hearts broken, people who thought they knew someone so well, people who did
business with others, people who shared secret with someone, and they were let
down, got so hurt, dissappointed….know the value of this word.
You’ll know how valuable it is, when you get cheated, when you get hurt. You
know and you’ll value and cherish the person who you see can be trusted no
matter what.
Yes. Trust is important in a relationship for me.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is being in a good relationship better than being happily single?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s irrelevant. It’s like saying, is it better to have friends or no friends. It’s
irrelevant. It’s about what you want and not what world thinks.
I like women, like being with them, dating and being in relationships. I ﬁnd most
of time people who rationalise about being single are shit at approaching
women/men, haven’t emotional strength, social skills and personally, all they
care about is what they are scared of and fear pilots their life.
They don’t mingle, socialise, play safe and when it comes to dating, they don’t do
enough, play safe, haven’t got much experience, up their heads with insecurities
and then wait for years on end, until they are 35 or 40 and then ask similar
question as yous..
“I am 40 years old, virgin, what should I do?”
Some people want to be single, awesome. Their life but some rationalise about
being single for a diﬀerent reason.
Now if you don’t give a shit, you don’t want to date anyone, you’re not into all
that, happy being single, not a care in the world - you won’t ask this question.
You’d be so certain to just live the life you are living but you’re not.
You’re asking the question which means to me, something is up and you know
something is up, but you are unwilling to face the pain to make things happen. So
you rationalise with a question, looking for people to give you the answer you
want to slip right back into the shadows of comfort.
999 Views · View Upvoters

Do you think a friends with beneﬁts relationship can be
something long lasting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the lovers themselves. Yes you can if you know what you’re getting
into and the other lovers are feeling same too.
Looking at your comment, I sense you are smart, mature, and knows what she’s
going into and you’re delusional at all. You’re not living in a fantasy and
understand what it is all about. Good one.
Nice to see woman like yourself who got your head screwed right on your
shoulders regarding friends with beneﬁts.
It can develop into a long-term relationship, it can be romantic and go on for
years. It depends on you and the person you’re with.
I know I have a fuckbuddy and it’s been about 10 years now. It has been romantic,
amazing experience but we know where we both stand as well.
Oh and by the way - there diﬀerent type of relationships and not even monogamy
is safe from the relationship breaking up. So don’t fall for this fear that one day it
ends. It ends in every kind of relationship.
Just know what you are into and it looks like you do, and he knows as well. Just
enjoy the moment.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

My father said that if I ever married a Muslim, he'd give me up,
and I really think he's serious. Does that mean my father
doesn't love me enough?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. He loves you but he’s stating his own views regarding Muslims. I come from
same community but I’m westernised. Have been living in UK for years. For him
Muslim probably some guy with a beard, and all that.
I’m total opposite you see on TV. Surprises a lot of people when we do meet.
But I do understand why he would say that.
If I didn’t know Muslims and knew all I knew from what I saw on mainstream and
probably some shit examples in community. If I was living in my country I’d
think west are fucking nutters and all that but I don’t. I educated myself, travelled
the world, experienced much more and I don’t care if ever I had a daughter she
marry christain, muslim, white, black, whatever.
As long as she is happy, is all that would matter to me but it’s easier said as I don’t
have children daughters. I am not married. I don’t embrace monagamy and so it
be easier for me to say that but I have helped my 4 sisters from a controlling dad
and mum, for them to make their own decisions who to date and marry, and
when they grew, I ﬂew, and left as they are now grown women, and can do
whatever and left home.
So even though I don’t have children, I’ve at least educated my sisters in all I
know, and helped them to not be ignorant, to have an open mind, not judge
communities abd beliefs.
So don’t take it that you’re father doesn’t love you.
He loves you, he’s being protective but he’s also being manipulative. When you
grow older, it’s not his decision but your own and instead of being manipulative,
he needs to focus on just building relationship with you and get along knowing
other cultures than having a narrow view of any community.
I don’t blame him by the way on his view on Muslims or anything else. He knows
what he is fed with, maybe also from experience, or from friends experience,

maybe a lot of things I don’t know about.
Just know, if you do marry a Muslim, it can be hard going when it comes to your
father and he may not accept it.
But he loves you. He’s your dad, he cares, he worries about you, your his
daughter/son, and so he probably thinks about all kinds of stuﬀ and
communicates sometimes in a frutrating and well, the wrong way.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Does most viewed writer get some reward from Quora like tshirt or something else?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You won’t get any reward. People get Quora wrong and I won’t us Quora for
superiﬁcial votes, and getting some T-shirt.
My reward is I do make money due to my writing. I attract a lot of clients who I
ﬁlter out to focus on paid serious clients. I have skype sesions. Clients are
professonals earning $40,000+ in their jobs and have the means to aﬀord for my
time.
I don’t give my time for free using private messages. That’s for clients and so
that’s my reward for putting in the work I do but fromm Quora, the reward is they
provide an amazing platform, moderation that’s goes sometimes too far, easy to
use platform and I like it very much. It’s a very well done idea.
Also the community here are awesome too. Met so many amazing people, women
who I meet for coﬀee, drinks and men too. Awesome people.
But I designing my own website on paper for it to get built as Quora isn’t mine but
owned by someone else. So I can’t write exactly the way I want as it gets
callopsed.
You’d be better using your time wisely if you want ﬁnancial reward. I am not into
superiﬁcial rewards. It doesn’t pay the food on table or bills, or for me travelling
the world, which I am doing.
1 View

I recently had my ﬁrst kiss (ever). But I just didn't feel anything.
No rush of emotion or passion. Just the feeling of ﬂesh on ﬂesh.
Should I stop seeing her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can only decide that and no, I don’t agree with some. There is no chemistry
between you two. Every kiss I had and ﬁrst kiss was amazing. It was electrifying,
hot, and just blows your mind.
I still remember the ﬁrst kiss and that means a lot. It was amazing feeling but you
see, I made sure the girls was into me and I was into her in a big way.
Big diﬀerence.
It wasn’t “Oh I just want to kiss someone.” and “oh she looks cute.”
16 plus years and don’t let anyone tell you any diﬀerent, but 16 plus years I have
been dating and being in relationship with my lovers and each time, the kiss is
fucking fantastic. We can’t keep our hands oﬀ each other and that’s with all
women I am dating right now.

So either I know something most don’t or I am very damn good at choosing who
to date, be with in relationship.
My ﬁrst kiss, was awesome and still remember the girl.
Daaayum it was awesome kiss.
I don’t know how the hell we knew how to kiss like that but when we kissed, wow.
Still the same and hasn’t gone.
Give it time. It be diﬀerent for diﬀerent people.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ever ﬁnd yourself hoping that your high school
sweetheart will reenter your life in your latter years?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because I was never the guy who lived much in the past. Don’t get me wrong. I
cared for the girls I dated in school but I was and still is a guy of high value.
Meaning I approach tons of women and I make something of my life.
High school and all that was small for me.
Many girls will also be dating some guys there but realise, later on what they fuck
they were doing dating them when they meet men, and see the world. Especially
if they let go, open up, spread their wings and not stay in same place like there
isn’t a world out there.
There is so many women in this world you’ll meet but if a guy is not doing much
in approaching and all he has is his past then he is going to always think about
that one girl, or the ex.
I know there are more extremely attractive women in world, intelligent, smart,
deep in the the way they talk and excitement. I’ travelled the world, and I still got
more to do and I keep meeting gorgeous women who are smart, bad ass at sex,
amazing conversation, and just amazing to be with.
So when you live, when you step out of the comfort zone, you build such an
adventureous and exciting life it blows the sky and lid oﬀ the past. You hardly
look back because your present life is amazing and the future is going to be a
blast.
Yes, I sometimes think about somethings but I don’t wonder so much about past
sweet hearts and all that. Not with the life I am living. Not with the women who
are I am surrounded with and the lifestyle I got.
Look ahead, move forward as there’s much more yet to see, more people to
connect with and experience.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you hadn't had a girlfriend by age 35, how would you go about
getting one?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not you or whoever is asking the question.
I’m smart enough to not wait until I am 35 to go and build my social network,
approach women, date, learn, gain experience. I started early, aged 14. I didn’t
make job, career, background, this or that as the reason not to.
So now the person got a whole lot of work to do and starting from scratch.

That means the person better move their ass and stop making excuses,
rationalising all the stuﬀ in their head for not doing so.
If they got a problem with anxiety or whatever, sort it out.
Women won’t just plonk themselves on your lap. You need to do the work, go out,
socialise, learn to converse, attract etc.
848 Views · View Upvoters

Are "I am not ready" and "I am scared of hurting you" only
excuses?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter.
When someone says these words to you it shows their intent. It shows where they
stand and that means, for me, “I am moving on. Have a nice life.”
Therefore, I won’t care why.
I won’t care if that is love because love is not enough. I wish people get with it and
grow up and stop making love as the saviour.
It doesn’t do shit on it’s own.
Love is not enough.
People have challenges, fears, insecurities, and a whole lot of issues and
therefore, if they are unwilling to overcome these, love isn’t going to do jack. That
means, the person may love someone but they are unwilling to go through a
certain pain, or challenge, or whatever to be with the person.
If the pain, discomfort is greater than the pleasure, the desire to be with the
person then they will say anything to avoid being with the person. They won’t say
no because they are avoiding conﬂict and awkwardiness.
So they come out with all these “busy, not sure, I don’t know, not ready, don’t
want to get you hurt.”
Which is all a load of bollocks because they are the ones who don’t want to get
hurt, scared and really not into the person to be with them.
They have shown their true intent no matter what it means.
So you move on.
If it’s not a FUCK YES then it’s a no.
There is then no need to look for why, how come, what if, but..this and that. They
have shown their intent.
It should be then you have boundaries and standards.
If I hear no, but, I can’t, I am not ready, I’m scared of hurting you, blah blah, and
it is not a YES 100%, then I don’t care why.
I found out what I need to know and say bye, bye and move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I love a Muslim guy and want to marry him but I'm an atheist
and he wants me to convert to his religion. I love him a lot.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters, if he believes in the religion he’s following, then from what I know
from the religion he folows Islam, you’re not allowed to date girls, meet girls, be
alone with girls who are not your relative i.e. your sister, mum, aunties etc.
So how come he’s saying to you to convert when he’s not following his own
religion, for starters? Because he’s worried about what society in his community
thinks and the family unit and what religion to bring them up, which will only be
cliche name, and nothing else.
Second, love is not enough.
You have there a very high friction.
Friction meaning, before you even started with this guy, you needed to look at the
logistics, the problems i.e. friction.
1. He comes from a religious order and you don’t.
2. He comes from a very strict community and culture.
3. He focuses on what his relatives, community says
4. He follows what the religion says even if he breaks a lot of the rules
5. His relatives will pressure him not to
6. They may not accept you and so you’re alone i.e. no association with
parents, grand parents etc. Think of the children and their life
7. The religion follows a rule, that a Muslim male cannot date a woman, but
if he desires her, then she needs to be people of the book. Muslim. Jewish
or Christain. No atheist.
So as you can see a HUGE friction and logistic problems already.
The lack of compatibility is huge, major and screaming out in saying..
“Forget it. Move on!”
You didn’t look into these?
What am I saying? I know Psychology and human nature. Infatuation, emotions
and so logic goes out of the window. The chemicals in people’s brain make them
decisions such as this illogical. Logic out of the window.
There is a lot going against you and this is where maturity and experience comes
into place. That you see the major friction and you then you see that it will only
complicate matters.
You see that the future it brings not just for you, but your own children if you
desire children. Look far ahead.
Forget all that bullshit that if he loves you then that’s all that matters.
This is the REAL world not Hollywood, Disney or Bollywood. This is not romance
novels. This is real life situation with real problems, with politics, religions and
all kinds of prejudices and social norms, traditions, religions. This is about desire,
fear. pain and pleasures.
Love is not enough,
Love does shit on it’s own.
Love does not conquer all.
Be smart and wise to not believe in such fallacies and bullshit we have grown up
with from fairy tales stories and myths.
Step back and appreciate the logic question of..

“If you love him, then why can’t he love you much to LEAVE all the rules,
religion, commandments of God he follows, the community that will scorn him,
judge him, ostracise him, make his relatives shame.”
That’s logic. It’s not like that in the real world.
So you stepped into a world where a lot is going against you and love, is not going
to be strong enough to do that because you might get married but later, he will
miss his relatives, his culture, community and things can get diﬃcult for you.
Think carefully.
Are you sure you want this?
You’re life as all of us, is short.
It be a lie for you to convert to Islam and he knows this and this is what he is
asking you to do because you don’t believe in what he believes, and in God.
If I am right in saying this is what an atheist is.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Girl I'm dating won't look me in the eyes. She says I make her
nervous. Does she like me, or the opposite?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to have the experience and skill to help her feel comfortable. I have had
nervous shy girls and in 5 minutes had them cracking up laughing to talk for
hours on end. This is your role as a man to have the expertise, experience, skill,
knowledge to lead to get her to talk.
So you need to stop being nervous yourself and being awkward, and focus on just
knowing how to communicate, talk and making her feel comfortable.
Tell stories, make her laugh, use physical conversation as you talk, help her to
feel at ease. It’s not easy of you haven’t dated a lot of girls and having the
fundamentals. So don’t think she’s not into you.
She’s with you, dating you and so she’s interested.
Forget looking at hints if she’s into you and focus on you doing the work in
talking, helping her feel comfortable.
337 Views

I told her she is ugly. Did I hurt her? I thought she had already
basically rejected me, but after I said this, her face got really sad
and she kept staring at me for the rest of the night.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you probably did and……this is why most women don’t say no, don’t reject
but smile, give their phone numbers to dissappear.
Because most guys haven’t the balls to take a rejection and still have character.
The women know if they say no, some guys will call them bitches, whores, sluts,
ugly and so forth.
You have now proved this point to her and she will tell her friends too, which will
now circulate and on goes the bullshit where some women won’t say no just in
case the guys hurt her with comments like that.
Too late to take it back now if you did that.
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my girlfriend mention other guys a lot?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on what context.
You haven’t given much information. You need to give some context to your
question. Is she saying..
“I was working at the oﬃce and the guy, who suppose to sort the tech support just
messed things up.”
Or is she saying…
“And I saw him, and he is so hot, so amazing, so…”
If it is the second one…
Don’t get insecure about it and just say…
“You got good taste which is why you are with me. Hopefully he has an ass like
mine too and talking about asses, there was this tall blonde girl and…”
Get me?
Have a laugh with it.
Relax.
Girls sometimes test your frame. The last thing you need to do is argue about it.
Instead be creative, innovative, spin it to your advantage.
I know I do all the time and it always ends up me pinning girls I date on wall,
going down on them, on table, on sette, on washing machine, in bedroom.
Be a master in conversation.
Let them say whatever and ﬂip everything to your advantage.
You’ll be glad you did because for every, “and this guy…”
Is another banging on settee, ﬂoor, table, bed, and fun for both of you.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I date and have experiences with girls more before I get
married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget about the fantasy regarding lots of women, other women, aﬀairs.
First ﬁgure out how to attact one girl because from the question you’re asking, it
looks to me you haven’t got much experience at all.
Yes it does reveal you have no girlfriend but it also reveals you are putting the cart
before the horse. Forget all that dreaming and move your ass in gear to ﬁrst know
how to attract a girl.
In other words…
You’re overthinking too much.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I was dumped by someone 5 years ago. I loved her truly. But she
dumped me. Now after 5 yrs she is calling me again. What does

this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter what she wants.
It’s about what do you want and really, you should have moved on, approached
tons of women and by now having a great life, to such if an ex turns up, you’re not
bothered. You’re not even going to bother replying and just delete her number,
everywhere online and moved on.
You got experience dating her, do you really want to go through the same shit
again? You really want someone who dumped your ass?
But apart from that, no one knows why.
All you know is she didn’t treat you right.
That’s enough to not bother and shut that door for good.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if you ﬁnd out about a lie your ex-girlfriend told
you after you've broken up? When we were together, she denied
that nothing had happened with a guy but I recently found out
that it wasn’t true.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t care if she has slept with some guys before me, her breasts got touched,
get her breasts suckled and got pounded by her previous boyfriend. It doesn’t
make a woman less in my eyes.
Also, this is reason why most people just don’t want to speak about their past or
when you broke up and got back together they don’t say anything happening if it
didn’t.
It doesn’t matter.
Let her be and just move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Are long distance relationships healthy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It really depends on the lovers themselves.
You see, long distance is diﬃcult and due to that people got their own resources
where they are at, communication can be slow, and even it can stop. There needs
to be maturity, openess, trust and for sure, most people ﬁnd doing these locally
diﬃcult, never mind doing so long distance.
A person can dissappear just like that and all that time you have invested is gone.
I know I’d never do that but most people would.
It’s so easy to stop communicating, ﬁnding someone in your locality and they just
stop connecting and gone.
What makes it diﬃcult is the distance for sure, but if two people are not jealous,
possession, love themselves, conﬁdent then it can work. It can work if they
communicate consistently even if it’s once in a while a week communication.
I am not monogamous so it’s not a big deal for me, if the girl at the other end of
the world is dating someone, and all that.

I know my value. I know what I have to oﬀer and I’d never put pressure on any girl
I am communicating long distance with by being poessessive and jealous,
demanding but I’d have patiance and it also helps she knows I am a lover type,
non-monoganous, and therefore, one other aspect is truthfulness.
I’m truthful of who I am.
I also have fun and women know they can be open, be fun, be the natural woman
to share what they’d never share to their friends, relatives and even their
boyfriends at their end. But they know they can trust me.
I have had women travel from the other ends of the planet to meet me and
become lovers and they loved the experience.
Have I met one woman who desires to stay?
Only one and it was easier for her due to seeing the young guys she dated, and
realising the deep connection we had and value that is with me. She’s also bi.
But for some it’s diﬃcult and that’s ﬁne.
I understand completely.
They got their own dreams, goals, they got home, they have relative, probably
have boyfriends too, friends as well and just want the experience, the romance,
the sexual experience and adventure in seeing what I expressed and what she
desires to see as well.
It really depends on the lovers themselves.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I ﬁnd it mission impossible to approach women? Why
do I think like that and how can I change it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason is social conditioning and so, due to this and also lack of education (I
don’t mean school, college and university) you ﬁnd yourself struggling big time
with social pressure.
There is no path way, no map, nothing that really exist to educate you on why,
what and how to overcome this until you meet men like myself and also women
too, who can help you to move forward.
So let’s focus ﬁrst on education and also later at the end some steps to take
without judging you, labelling you as some guy who is pursuing sex objects and
all that because it is bullshit.
You’re going to see why as you read on..
The day you was born, the social conditioning began in which the training
process began to condition you in a subtle unconscious way in regards to your
own…self worth.
This came in tools such as stories, myths, legends, fairy tales, religion, and lots of
social norms that gets you to follow that which is favourable to one’s peers in
society.
That means, you are conditioned to believe that your self worth, your value is
determined by the response you get from society.
Therefore, the society you live in and all of us are conditioned to seek approval,
validation, acceptance and with that…certain social norms were invented. Much
of it is socially constructed to control the masses.

It works ok for society but it works against individuals in many ways.
Not all is bad. We need laws. We need some rules, some process, an organised
system but we also need truth.
So if you don’t follow these social norms, the fear is you will get punished,
ostracised, isolated, humilated, invisible etc.
You learnt this from early on as a child within your own environment at home. If
you don’t eat your vegies you don’t get the deserts or play outside.
If you date and not comitt you’re a player.
If you date many women, you’re an asshole, jerk and a player.
If a girl owns her sexuality, dates other guys, not just one, she’s a slut, whore, and
all the usual nonsense labels.
People are scared, wearing social mask and worried what their parents, mum,
dad, friends, will say. It’s understandable and I do have empathy and I know how
hard it can be.
So all this plays a part when you desire to approach women because deep down, it
is about this perception, that your self worth is dependant on someone else’s
approval, acceptance and validation.
Whether it is going for a job, wanting to get into a university, joining a football
team or a volley ball team, and approaching to date women you are attracted to.
You’ll be familiar with the list below:
1. If you don’t dress in a certain way you don’t attend the school because it
has a policy. If you don’t dress up in a certain way, people perceive you in
a certain way due to their own perception, images in their mind, news,
commericials and the ongoing weaving tapestry of rules that such a such
dress code says this and that about a person.
2. If you don’t wear certain brand logos
3. If you don’t follow the bell to go to the next class
4. If you don’t be with the cool guys and girls
5. If the popular guys or girls don’t like you
6. If you don’t get the grades you will get C, G, F
7. If you don’t get the grades you are punished in society to not go to
college
8. If you don’t do well in college, you don’t go to university
9. If you don’t go to university, you don’t get a better job
10. If you don’t have a good credit score. No bank account for you
11. If you don’t live in a certain city or area, or country
12. If you don’t have mortgage
13. If you don’t have a fancy car
14. If you don’t have a certain look
15. If you’re fat, tall, skinny etc cetre
The social conditioning started when you was young and so your brain learnt that
if you don’t follow the crowd, follow the social norms, traditions you will be
punished, cast out, REJECTED.
We haven’t really evolved that much

Way back before technology, nice houses, cars, planes, internet, phones etc human beings had to survive and one of the ways is they needed to be part of the
tribe.
If any one of the member gets rejected, it was like they have been sentenced to
death. The reason is due the person not only having to face animal predators, not
only lack of knowledge and resources, not only the weather but also the predators
can be other tribes who won’t take kindly to a stranger.
You are now vulnerable for attack easily.
You’re in trouble. You’re in great danger.
Though we have evolved - the brain still sees this as a vital component to survival.
The primary function of our brain is help the owner to survive, detect threat,
avoid pain and to gain pleasure.
Therefore, the whole infratructure of society is built with this fear.
Now imagine a child saying…
“I am afraid, I need help. I want to make friends but everytime I try to, I feel
something is preventing me.”
And imagine they get this advice…
“Oh you are seeing people as sexual objects. Oh you see it as winning and blah blah.”
The child, the son, the daughter, the teenager, the adult is now screwed.
They need help understanding why they feel social pressure. Why they feel
anxiety instead of stuﬃng them with pills or telling them..
“BECAUSE something is wrong with you?”
So what happens is when you want to approach a woman, or apply for this
awesome job, or you see lots of people in a night club, or event - you want to say
hello, but the problem is your brain suddenly slams the brakes hard on you!
It does so because you fear rejection.
Why?
You base your self worth on the validation of others. It’s that survival thing again!
If she says no, it hits you hard! It feels like a death sentence. It feels you’re
nothing. If feels like you’re helpless. If feels like you are worthless.
All because everything you were trained to do is seek…….validation!
All you are trained to do is seek acceptance, approval from others to get a yes and
if you get a no, the result is emotional pain.
You fear people won’t accept you. You fear being judged. You fear being frowned
at. You FEEL the social pressure.
You can stand right now in a city centre, see a woman you like, and immediately,
you will feel your heart race, a sick feeling in your gut, nerves kicking oﬀ, and the
only way you can calm it at that time is….you walk away.
Your mind will give you solutions but it sometimes gives you the wrong ones.
It sends signal to all around your body and suddenly, you behave in a manner and
that manner is you rationalise not to approach today because..
What’s the point because she is out of my league.
But what if I am not good enough. I am not good looking

What if she gets upset with me
People are looking and I will be judged and labelled
Maybe another time as this is not the right time
Oh she’s talking to someone
Maybe it’s her boyfriend or brother
On and on it goes and this happens so fast you don’t even notice it and so, you
walk away. Your self conﬁdence and self esteem gets hit so bad, everytime this
happens and it continues throughout your life.
But if you knew what you can do to overcome this, you can move forward in life
and not only achieve goals, not only apply for that job you think you are not
worthy of, not only can you make tons of friends but you can approach a woman
and take rejection as a sign, that it is a ﬁlter system that says..
“Great! This tells me she hasn’t got what I want and so I will move on. Awesome!”
Now what can you do to help you to move forward?
1. The ﬁrst is forget about dating women, relationship and sex. You’re not
ready for this as yet. You need to dilute some of the social conditioning.
You need to start with the fundamentals.
2. First see woman not as a prize, not as a mission, not as a trophy but a
woman you like to just say hello, converse, and get to know. A human
being who also has fears, insecurities like yourself and maybe more.
3. Approach lots of women to just converse. Get used to talking to women
and removing any attachment to the outcome. This will now let go of so
much pressure to seek a response, a validation, an outcome.
4. Talk to women at work for nothing else but to talk. Talk to women who
works at the bar to just say hello, take interest and walk away. Talk to
women at the bus stop and do not engage for dating. Talk to women at
many events. Talk to women as much as you can.
5. First talk to women who don’t intimidate you and then progress to
women who do. Just talk and begin to invest time, knowledge, in
conversation skills. Learn how to build rapport, what comes ﬁrst, what
comes second, what to eliminate, what to add, what excites, what bores,
what heightens their emotions, what doesn’t and on and on it goes. I did
this for years and I can comminicate to a woman openly and she will tell
me all her secrets, her desires, her sexual desires in time and knows it
stays with me 100%. That’s not easy mate. That’s skill, knowledge, to be
able to have women sit and tell you all their sexual desires and
suddenly…want to with you.
6. But ﬁrst approach without desiring ANYTHING from women. Detach
from the outcome.
7. When you get good at this, push it. Be cocky, fun, light hearted, playful
and do not worry who thinks what. You don’t care. You are not looking
for a response. You are giving value. If one is oﬀended, let it go and move
on. Plenty of women on this planet and many who will like your
conﬁdence. This takes time but it is vital to detach from then outcome.
Now why would you do that?
Because it is trainning your mind, to create new pathways or strengthens what is
already there.
1. You are putting lots of eﬀort consistently in doing this

2. The eﬀort through time engages the brain at an unconscious level
3. It creates tools for you, and that’s when you have social instinct.
Through time, you will see many a mistakes you do and because you’re not
looking for an outcome, it won’t hurt as much. It hurts a little as you are human
being like all of us but this is how you grow.
If you don’t make that mistake and if you don’t hurt, you don’t remember the
lesson. When the brain is grabbed due to pain (attention), the emotions kick in
but so does your memory. Your long-term memory if it’s so important for your
survival.
So this time, don’t think about approaching women for dating.
For 6 months to a year just do that.
Watch how you grow fast and begin to enjoy the process.
So much so, women begin to FEEL you’re a man who brings value to their life and
a man who will walk away and not ask anything oﬀ them.
They will be puzzled.
Believe me. It happened to me a lot.
But you keep going because this is about you training yourself to be emotionally
strong and that parlyzing moment will be so little you’ll immediately approach to
have fun.
All the best!
962 Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy express his feelings without risk of rejection?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Bring on the rejection.
It is called truth.
Go through the pain instead of pain going through you.
It is your gift.
One of the best gifts in life to help you naturally express your feelings, not love
and confessing love, but playfully, light hearted and for them to say yes or no. If
no, amazing! You got it easy because they helped you to avoid wasting time!
You can now nod your head and move on to approach someone else.
Rejection tells you real fast who you spend time with for romance and sexual, and
who to not even bother with without any spite and bitterness.
So let it work for you.
Let it help you.
The faster you learn how to identify the one who is interested and one who isn’t,
the faster you move forward to get a YES from someone who you like and who is
also attracted to you.
Or you will go through a slow, painful death, like most guys and women, who
pretend, hide, send subtle messages, and complain about mixed singles.
Embrace rejection.

It’s your tool to save time and avoid a lot of frustrations from people who are
attention seekers, playing hard to get, the insecure, the needy, the ones who just
do your head in with their bullshit.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How long do you wait for someone you love before you decide
to move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

About one minute and 33 seconds and that is slow too. That be for me to listen,
smile and then say bye, and move on.
I don’t wait for someone who I love to decide to move on. If someone isn’t
interested to be part of my life as a lover, I move on.
Love is not enough.
Why bother waiting for anyone who cannot say immediately, YES to loving you
and being part of your love life, romantic and sexually?
Life is short.
You’re not going to get another chance with life.
One life. Once it is done, we are not coming back.
8k Views · View Upvoters

She still wants to be friends, but I still have feelings after we
broke up. How do I manage this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, most want to be friends, get the emotional support but it is only this:
1. She can get the emotional support from you
2. She can get your time
3. She can bitch about how you don’t see her as much as she wants to
4. She can call you to vomit her troubles about some ex
5. She can tell you problems about her boyfriend
6. Because…
“I can get all that and you know, there is no comittment from me, ever to be
comitted to you and when you complain like a bitch, I’ll remind you of it too. No
pussy, no ass, nothing from me. Remember that. Remember it well…”
So say, “have a good life but I am moving on.”
Then move your ass and focus on your life.
Do not be friends with her if you got feelings for her. She will fuck you over
because women will always say….
“Hey, it’s not my fault you spend time with me. I told you it’s over.”
That’s the open clause there.
She can still have ALL THAT and comitt to nothing with you.
So she said what she wants.
Now tell her what you want. It’s not about what she wants anymore. Now you’re
free to run and do whatever.

Approach more women, create options and leave ex’s alone until you get your shit
together, and if she bitches when you are making out with women; she too has no
business to say sod all to you.
You’re “friends.”
Do not spend time with her until you get your shit together. Until you date others,
more attractive than her, more social value than her, so you know you can do
much better.
And mate….you can do much better in puting your time, energy to better yourself
FIRST. She is now way…way…way back in the que with the rest of them.
15.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I compromise my goals and dreams for a girl who
proved to me the real meaning of love which I used to neglect?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One day, one of my girlfriends was at work.
She’s manages her own team and most of people at her work are guys. So most of
time she is hanging around guys and at party for her company, the guys were
surprised about something.
Mostly because of how they’ve seen me with other attractive women and can’t
understand it, and also this….
The guys - Is it true, your boyfriend wasn’t earning, working for sometime but
you stayed with him?
Her - yes.
Guys - But why? I mean…
Her - He was the ONLY guy, who wouldn’t give up on his passion. Even when I left
to Paris, even when I thought I’d never see him again because I just came to study
in England. Even when I said I’ll be leaving, even when he knew I love him, and
he loves me, he wouldn’t ever give up on his goals and dreams or women. Yes, I
know, he’s into women and dates other women. I knew he was like that and even
my sisters warned me he won’t change. That for a woman is sexy, it is atractive
because too many guys put me on a pedestal. He didn’t.
When I was with her, in beginning and even some of the women I am still dating
today, as I date multiple women, not Monagamous, I was struggling ﬁnancially,
sometimes not even having my own place back then.
Much of my money I did make, and call me whatever, I invested in people. I saw
talents, I so students broke, I saw other people in great diﬃculty and worse oﬀ
than even more. I can’t see that and do nothing.
So most of the money I did make, I helped people. I wanted t change the world
but maybe, I probably didn’t make a dent the way it is today, but at least these
folks believed in someway someone cared, world isn’t shit as they thought it is.
So it wasn’t because I was broke, but rather, my purpose in life is I always just
wanted to make lots of money to help people. to do my own thing too but to also
help others if I could.
No, don’t send messages for request or donations. I do my own searching and
observing who to help. That’s the best part for me :)
Life tested me in every possible way you can imagine but it all paid oﬀ. I travel the
world. I have women, extremely attractive, some not extremely attractive but I
love them for other things about them, and I am happy. They are happy and

surpassed all my expectations but there is so much yet to achieve and life is damn
short.
So life tested me out but I’m tougher than life.
Throughout my journey, I have seen people give up their goals, dreams dor pussy,
for tits, for love, for job, for the basic things, for people and then bitch all day long
when a woman leaves or a man, on how they did this and that for them.
That’s not love.
Love is ﬁrst loving yourself and I love myself. I like who I am. I love everything
about me even my ﬂaws as these are what also makes me who I am. Diﬀerent.
Unique. Strong. Wiser. Attractive not just in looks but in knowledge, skills, social
intuition and much more. I am happy with myself and still growing, and growing,
learning never stops.
The more I know, the more I ﬁnd I don’t know much. The more I am running
against time to learn about everything. Knowledge is my pursuit always and my
greater purpose is the map that drives me through pain than pain going through
me.
I can be alone, and still be happy but I am no fool to say, I don’t want a woman. I
do desire women. I do want to converse with women. I do want to love women
with all my being but…
You don’t give up your goals, your dreams for anyone.
I don’t trust a woman or a man who does!
So why did she still stay and why did the other women did too?
Because of this one powerful word.
Certainty!
Women love certainty. They know the man doesn’t change like the wind. They
can count on him to stick to his greater purpose, his goals.
It is like a man ready to step out to battle and the woman says..
Her - Please don’t go. You’ll get hurt, die.
Him - I have to. This is something I got to do. It’s me. It’s what I do. It’s who I am
Her - Please don’t leave me. What if something happens and I am alone
Him - I got to go love. I’m a soldier. It’s what I do.
And so he leaves and though she is crying for him to go to work, to go and battle,
as she also goes to battle in her world and work, she knows one thing.
This is a man who will never give up on his greater purpose for no one. Not for
her, not for her love, not for anyone.
That is attractive.
A Masculine man who has a greater purpose. A man who doesn’t put any woman
on a pedestal and believes in himself and his place in this world.
You don’t ever give up your goals and dreams for anyone because the moment
you do, the question on your character is now struck. The question regarding
what else would you compromise has begun.
The doubt about your strength has been sown.
The man she believed in who is a knight who will always ride into the sunset and
will never give up on his journey, is gone.

Certainty. A man of greater purpose who when she bears children with, he is not
going to teach them to leave their dreams and goals for a girl.
You don’t give up anything but you create an ANSWER so appealing, for her to
desire to be with you, wherever and whatever you’re doing.
When my girlfriend, ﬁnished her studies in Paris, she ﬂew back. Said to her
family..
“He’s the one. I accept how he is and I want him.”
16+ years later we’re together, and everyday like the other women I am dating too,
seems like we just met.
I compromised a little but in other ways but not on my goals and dreams. No, not
on these. Nor did she. She is working doing what she always wanted.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I respond to a cocky person?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - you’re an arrogant blah blah blah
Me - It’s a bit too early to ﬂirt with me, don’t you think but still, I like your style
(30 minutes with her and she was done, blow job outside night club in alley.)

Girl - And this,the way you’re fucking dressed (touching my jacket)
Me - Oh yes. The ﬂirting and teasing has begun. Fuck me girl, your so damn good.
I’m impressed by your social intutition
(became fuckbuddies)

Big guy cause I’m talking to a girl he likes - You such a loser
Me - A loser who is going to do this.
(I lift girl up, onto my shoulders, walk oﬀ with her while she’s laughing
screaming, take to other side of the night club, where another bar is and we get
drinks and talk. Then smiled 2 hours later at him as we walked together out of the
night club slapping her ass)
Now who’s the loser

Girl with group of frinds - Go away, I am not talking to you
Me -Thanks for wanting to talk to me. I love your conﬁdence. Not like most girls
here who are insecure and forget this is a bar where people come to socialise and
talk. Now, what drink will you buy me? Oh, buy me some….”
Girl - He’s full of himself
Me - No girl, I’m here to ﬁll you up…..I mean your glass. You got a dirty mind, now
what drink you’re going to buy me and I’ll buy next ones for you and your friends
here.
(Became such great friends and dated her red head friend who was dynamite in
bed)

Girl - (Frowns at me in judgment at the bar)
Me - OMG! I’m in love with you. Give me your number (doing the romantic
pathetic chump move by putting my hands on my chest like a romantic wuss)
Girl - What? You’re crazy!
Me - Why? I mean look at who you are, look at you. Just like a master piece
painting, a coordinated symphony, an organised crime, ready to do the most
baddest move than most girls have no backbone to do. The rare eclipse that only
happens once in 100 years. It should be a crime walking with you in public
(touching her and doing the hot hiss gesture and sound, like she’s burning up and
hot)
Girl - (laughs.)Hahahaha Where you from?
Me - Forget the small talk. It doesn’t matter. What’s your number
Girl - Not until you tell me where you’re from
Me - Ok guess
Girl - Jamaica (Grinning)
Me - Pretty close (not really. I’m Arabian. This is no time for small talk)
Me - Listen I’m a shy guy, I’m really nervous. Look, feel my hand trembling.
Girl - (Takes my hand, touching, ﬁngers locked and take her outside to talk.
Isolation step)
Yes, ended to be an awesome night at her place

Reply to cockiness with fun, wittiness and not hitting back insecurities. The
person being cocky due to their own fears, low self image, low self esteem and
also it is done to take attention away from what you’re focusing on.
It’s an illusion to see if they can shake your frame.
Your frame needs to be stronger without trying to make them look like fools (if
you can). Be the cool person who has stronger frame, and bring the positive social
vibe that tells them you are working from your reality not theirs…if you can.
Not easy sometimes but keep doing it. Don’t let it bring you down. It’s not easy, I
know and you can’t always have a strong state of mind. We are human beings.
But try, to bring the positive social vibe and let them look socially inept. Just
remember they are scared, they are insecure, they are afraid of being vulnerable
and afraid of the world.
It’ll make it easier to avoid being bitter and makes it much more fun.
If not, ignore and don’t give attention, change subject or leave them standing.
Most of time you might need to do just that.
12k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make her regret saying no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, Don’t learn to do that. That is insecure, needy and desperate.
Look,I want to share something with you and I learnt this by accident, although it
should have been common sense to me.
I know I am not perfect. Even with the success in my life, travelling all over world,
and working with some of the best producers in music in the world, I know I can
be outrageous, full on with women, sexualise to such craziness, that to some, they
will immediately judge me as something.
I can mess up big time too. I’m human.

But that is their perception, some heartache they had in past, some insecurity,
something I have no control of if they judge me.
It only deﬁnes themselves not me. No is not saying what I am but deﬁnes who
they are and their values, and what they are looking for.
Sometimes I will converse with a woman whether online or oﬄine, and we won’t
click. Sometimes they dissappear and that’s ﬁne.
Sometimes I will meet a woman oﬄine and she can’t see any attraction, as I
sometimes can’t see and feel with some women.
One day there was this woman I was attracted to. I immediatley approached, and
she liked who I was but the way I am, it can seem like I’m just one of those guys
who don’t give a fuck about women, but just sex. I don’t apologise for being a
sexual man but there is a lot, a great deal such women will never know, and that is
something I just cannot control.
She didn’t want to date me.
I could have made her feel bad but I didn’t.
Instead, I left her in a way she never felt bad about her decision. I didn’t contact
her again. I didn’t text her. I say a bad word to her or to her friends.
I moved on.
I always believed, always leave a woman better than they were before they met
you.
Not long after, I met another woman, and she was in same industry as me, she
heard about my work, and we clicked. She understood me and knew there was
more to me than how I am behaving with her, in a playful, loud, outrageous fun
way. She didn’t judge me at all. She was one of those mature women, who
believed that you never know someone until you date.
And so we did and for a year we dated and later she left to do same as me - to
travel all around the globe.
I didn’t know she was the friend of the woman who said no. The woman who said
no to me, regretted doing so after hearing the experience of her friend, and she
called me later. That wasn’t because I treated her bad or tried to make her feel
regret. I didn’t know this woman I dated knew her.
The problem is, when I get rejected by a woman, it is very diﬃcult for me to feel
attraction for this woman. The ﬁrst time, I get all these feelings but if it doesn’t
happen, well, it’s really hard to feel that way again for her.
It’s easy for me to keep being attracted to a woman who says YES immediately.
It’s like a feeling for me in which she has done what other women haven’t, and so
there’s more to my feelings for her and more of respect too, of admiration than
just attraction. She gets it and she got me the ﬁst time, and that’s the diﬀerence
that adds more to the attraction. That she got me the ﬁrst time. That she took the
time to get to know me and date me instead of saying no immediately.
So when she called, we talked but I changed. The attraction for her wasn’t there
anymore. It happens. We did become friends but even now, the attraction for her
is never there.
The reason I share this with you is not to wait for anyone, not to hold on to hope
but rather, celebrate the choice, the will power, the freedom for someone to say
no to dating you.
In all honesty, I feel that is a man and a woman who is strong and independant.
For me, strength isn’t someone hurting someone else, getting them to regret for

saying no to dating someone. It is someone who celebrates that every human
being is giving the chance if you’re attracted to them, to say yes or no.
To not be humilated for making such a decision.
If they say no, be thankful.
Rejection isn’t a bad thing. It is a NATURAL ﬁlter system that says who to spend
time with sexually and romantically and the ones you don’t.
Embrace it. Let it be your guide. Let people fuck themselves over,. Let them
remove themselves from your path. Let them dissappear, back chat about you,
slag you oﬀ, call you whatever, do whatever than saying YES to you.
Let them choose - as you move on because you deserve better.
It’s not like their opinion count anyway. They think it does but it doesn’t because
they decided not to be important to you. So they can say whatever, thir opinion
holds no value or important with you.
It only deﬁnes the world they come from and where they are at in their head.
You deserve someone who sees you for who you are and can say YES to you
immediately, and even if you fuck up, they won’t give a damn.
They desire you. They want you. They are attracted to you. They like your
quirkiness or that your diﬀerent. They want to eagerly know more about you,
speak with you, be with you, date you etc cetre.
The faster you move on, the faster you arrive to a woman/man who says YES to
you.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I be guilty if the girlfriend says she wants to do drugs to
forget me after deciding to break up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Don’t fall for the guilt manipulation.
That’s her choice, her problem and her decision. Don’t try being the white knight
either to save her from the Wicked Witch or the Ogre. You can of course suggest
she sees a therapist but that is it.
You’re not her dad or mum, and nor are you at anytime responsible for whatever
she takes. That’s her responsibility.
She’s manipulative and pulling the guilt crap on you.
853 Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like smokers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girls like..
1. Smokers
2. None smokers
3. Weed smokers
4. Non weed smokers
5. Guys who are very sexual
6. Guys who are not

7. Guys who will say to a girl “I want to want you right now baby.”
8. Guys who pretend they don’t want them
9. Guys who are tall
10. Guys who are short
11. Guys who are intelligent, smart, techie
12. Guys who are creative and artists
13. Guys who are lazy ass
14. Guys who are busy and making things happen
15. Guys who break the social rules like me and travel the world
16. Guys who work so hard to kiss ass, ﬁt in, and go nowhere
17. Guys who have no dreams but happy
18. Guys who got big dreams but not happy
19. Guys who are shy
20. Guys who are socially awkward
21. Guys who are amazing with social skills
22. Guys who are master seducers
23. Guys who pretend they don’t want to seduce
24. Guys who are a pussies with no balls
25. Guys who got big balls and will say to a girl whatever and she can piss oﬀ
if she gets oﬀended so easily and take her insecurities where they
belong, back to her yard
26. Guys!
They are diﬀerent type of guys.
Whoever makes her feel, what she wants to feel, she will go with that guy. The guy
who arouses her, makes her wet, makes her feel she can be open in all the sexual
ways that she can’t even with her boyfriend, and all guys she sees around him.
If a girl realises this guy is some guy who will give her the experience, the
adventure, and for her to be so open naturally, making her FEEL like no guy can,
well, let’s just say, she won’t give a damn if he smokes or not.
Feelings, emotions are powerful and can overide logic so hard, like it has been
greased with super oil. She will go for this guy, and even travel to ends of earth to
meet him JUST TO EXPERIENCE what it is like with him, ﬂy back and no one,
will ever know and knowing he will never say.
You have much to learn about girls but it’s cool, we all had to and some of us went
further so we don’t get imprisoned by the cliches of social norms, traditions and
ask questions like “what does girl like.”
We knew that’s irrelevant. It’s what makes the girl feel aroused, captures her
emotions, leads her fatasy wherever you desire to lead.
Forget asking what girls like and instead ask..
1. What do I want in a girl
2. And then approach lots of girls until you ﬁnd the one or many who can
see who you are to say YES and take it from there.
3. Learn now and gather the experience.

If you don’t approach you never get anywhere.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do if my boyfriend is every day hanging out with a
new girl and dismisses me when I tell him I am jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s your insecurities. So you sort your insecurities out because it is you who is
Jealous due to fear of loss. You want to control him who to see. You cannot
control and change people.
This isn’t love, this is about fearing that when he talks to other girls, hanging out
with same girl or whatever, he might prefer her or one of these girls over you. This
is your insecurities not his.
The social norm, the social conditioning can be seen here by many answers,
calling a guy who does that as womanizer, player etc.
If this was a guy saying a girl is doing this, he’d have so many telling him he
cannot control her, she isn’t his property and either he sort out his own
insecurities or ﬁnd someone else because he cannot control her. She’s not his
puppet on a string who controls her social life, where she spends time, who she
socialises with and she can have male friends, and close male friends. And how of
course, people grow, meet new people and so change in how they go out more,
hang out with certain more will happen..
Like the question where a guy asked..
“My girlfriend is going on holiday with her guy friend.”
“My girlfriend said her friend guy will be sleeping in same bed but nothing will
happen”
And all said “well, she isn’t your property, they just friends, if you can’t trust her
blah blah blah.”
But it’s diﬀerent isn’t it when tables are turned.
So this isn’t about him, it’s about your insecurities and you’re acknowledging
you’re being jealous and I see possessiveness too.
This is what’s unhealthy for any relationship.
So it won’t be the girls stealing him from you. It be him fed up with constantly
hearing about your insecurities that he will just think “fuck it. I had enough of
this shit.”
He’s only saying whatever to you because he just can’t be assed with your
constant complaints about him hanging around girls. That’s his social circle.
That’s his association, his friends and he can do whatever he likes on who to hang
around with and how much time he gives.
So if you’re not happy, then forget trying to control him, and instead maybe ﬁnd
someone else. Preferrable some ugly fucker, a provider you know who no girls be
interested to socialise with him, a guy inept of being social. That way maybe you
feel safe no girl will steal him from you.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend gets furious when I say his feelings for me have
changed, why would he do that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If this feel rushed I apologise, going clubbing. Saturday!
You’re not ﬂirting anymore to attract a guy, sending hints and wanting a man to
decode what it is you’re saying. You’re in a relationship and that means you need
communicate clearly from your perspective about your feelings not his.
You say to a man, your boyfriend how you feel and that’s how you communicate.
If you said to me you know how I feel, I’ll say to you, you don’t know how I feel
because you are not me. You can only say how you feel.
I will say it because I will see you are trying to blame me for something or ﬁshing
for information. My brain will go on ﬁght mode.
It’s like some manager in a job who says to a guy he is managing..
“There is something wrong?”
“What you mean? What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know but I think something is wrong within the team.”
That a manager trying to ﬁsh for information. Manipulation. Trying to get the
guy to say what is wrong when a manager needs to lead, speak his mind how he
feels about something and clearly communicate what is wrong and what he feels
need to be done so the whole team moves forward.
Same then in relationship when it comes to dating.
The words you’re looking for is…
“I feel (not he feels), I feel we need to spend more time doing (XYZ) because I feel….”
Be clear what you want from him.
He’s frustrated because you’re not saying to him what it is you want but talking in
a way by blaming him and of course, his brain will go on ﬁght mode. Take away
the direct targeting blame and take responsibility for your own feelings.
So you ﬁgure out what it is you feel and what you need and you say it but don’t
tell a man how you think he feels because this is about your feelings.
So how do you feel?
You feel you need more time with him because…?
You feel he doesn’t listen when you speak about XYZ?
You feel invisible because….?
What do YOU feel and why, and what do you feel can help to bring your closer?
Communicate your feelings not his.
770 Views · View Upvoters

How should I react to ﬁnding out my boyfriend is bisexual?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

All the women I am dating are…bi. Except one and yes, we have threesomes too,
me and two women :)
One of things to watch out for, is people talking. Including friends. People gossip
and with gossip they can lie. If his friend has said shared this for real, well, he’s
hasn’t got much of a friend in that case. Breaking the trust of a friend and not
letting the person themselves say it to whoever is in my books not much of a
friend.

He’ll probably ask who the friend is so you need to be ready to share that with
him too.
I would approach him and just have a talk because he probably worried in not
trying to say anyting about it because he is socially conditioned to fear saying
anything of such thoughts to a girl, believing it screw him over.
You know how it is.
People have seen society judging each other. You need balls to stand for what you
believe in and it’s something I learnt early on about being proud and own my
sexuality as a man who is sexual, loves women, sex and many other things in life
which society considers not normal, and frown on like they know shit.
Just have a talk, say you heard it from the great vine, someone said this and you
like to know if it’s true, and it won’t cause any problems. You just like him to
know he can talk to you because let’s face it, with friends he’s got if it’s true they
spoke, who needs enemies.
Trust is a big deal for me but then again, the shit that happens with some people
in school, talking behind each others back, jealousy, all sorts, I won’t be
surprised. Only years later does one realise what a true friend is and what a true
lover is.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What are your favorite pictures that you’ve saved on your
phone?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I travel a lot around the world and I look for arts, statues, buildings. Have far too
many but here are just a few photos I took with my phone..

Then I travelled some more and found these beauties…

Found a painting in a cafe I liked..

And smiled at this…(middle ﬁnger)

Then I travel to Scotland and saw this Painting in a Hotel…

I later got a call to ﬂy again to Switzerland, Geneva to write and produce a full
album of songs with a producer. I visited on my free relax time a very large art
gallery and took these photos. Check the seris of photos…

I walked around to ﬁnd other photos..

These ink brushes came from the same art gallery. Reminds me of the technique
for creating form without too much detail and the Ipod Silhoute adverts with
people dancing with the Ipod in just black and white minimalist style…

I also found this as I turned a corner in the gallery…

These photos are from the Tate Gallery in London.
This tower is of radios from history till present day, and all playing at the same
time, so you hear history talking to you.

Around the corner in the same Tate Gallery..

Photo from Tata Gallery

I also ﬁnd lots of arts on walls on my travels..

Some more travel, sun, sun, sun and I like taking photographs of buildings,
streets, and some composition for future painting and watercolour sketches….

The architectt Antoni Gaudi is a very unique artist:

People taking photos using their phones of Gaudi’s work. Probably some
members on Quora taking snap shopts to share their photos on this thread :)

I come from a history of advertising and marketing, and so I like taking photos of
adverts and also magazines I ﬁnd on my travels on fashion…

Before I forget. An old woman thought she’d cover the mannequin up. I asked her
why and she replied, “I don’t want to get my husband too excited, do I? His heart
can’t handle it?”

3k Views · View Upvoters

How should I, a male, write a female supersoldier as
realistically as possible?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Sep 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The world is at your ﬁnger tips. You don’t need to be female to write about female
solider in a realistic manner. Like a CEO who runs a business but hires others
with their specialised skills to build his system, run his system, do his or her
accounts.
So use the internet ﬁrst.
1. Find the forums with female soliders.
2. Connect with them.
3. Find out places like meetup for women soliders and contact the owner of
the meetup and explain you’re writing a book around a female
supersolider but you need help from them.
4. You can use skype to interview them. You can also ﬁnd skype plugins for
around $20-$40 which will record the interviews for you. That way you
don’t forget important details. Also it helps you get more information
from women soliders globally and may even give you some more insight.

5. You can even go further, interview husbands of female soldiers. Men
who are not soliders but they are the husbands or boyfriends of the
female soliders. It can help to give your character and the opponents an
edge with physchological weakness etc.
There’s so many resources out there, events, meetups, facebook groups, online
forums, instagrams, run by female soliders and ex-soliders.
654 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy calls a girl a scrub?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Jeeesh, that’s so old, they might as well call themselves scrubs for using it. That’s
way back in the 1990’s. It’s old and embarrassing to say that. Make one look
stupid saying something like that in these times.
Comes from the TLC song, scrubs. OLD!
It’s so old TLC took it from something else. The original of this word doesn’t even
come from the game in regards to attracting a guy or a girl. It comes from the
Video Game Playing.
It’s when a person who makes mistakes a video game, but this person persist it in
making this game. Term is coined from Street Fighter II, describing some players
that are so shit, I mean so damn crap at the game, they would mash their hands
across the control pad, known as….”scrubbing.” So they then named as
“scrubbers” or “scrubs.”
This then expanded from Video games to the real world, such as dating, such as
attracting girls or guy.
Hence the word that is about gaming a girl, a guy, which is why TLC used it
So whoever uses that today, then what are they? Some immigrant who just saw an
old TLC song and they thought they are smart using that and think they got
game?! Or they trying to project to world they so bad, they got game.
In terms of the context here, the scrub is an outdated bullshit about someone who
is dead beat, broke, loud, got no game. If they think they got game using that
word, they got their head up their asses.
Secondly….you don’t attract what you want.
You attract who you are.
Therefore, if a person calls anyone a scrub, that says a lot about who they are
themselves.
In other words, if a person is shit themselves, then what does shit attract?
Exactly. Flies! Dead beats, Broke.
Checkmate ;)
Scrubs. So damn old. They must be some teenager or way behind their times to
use that kind of word.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can a woman love a man with nothing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re looking too far ahead.

Step back a few steps.
You’re talking about love but a woman cannot love a man who doesn’t exist.
Meaning you are focusing on a topic that doesn’t exist until you attract the
woman.
You are putting the cart before the horse.
Example…
1. Attract woman
2. Date woman
3. Intimacy
4. Love
5. Other factors to build with love as love is not enough
You are putting the cart before the horse and approaching it this way
1. Love
2. Intimacy
3. Other factors
4. Attract woman
5. Date woman
It doesn’t make sense in the world we live. It’s like me in business and I am
saying…
“Can my products sell.”
Well, I haven’t done my research. I haven’t gone and marketed my information
and the value of my oﬀer for the right targeted customers to see.
I haven’t yet attracted prospects. I haven’t yet ﬁltered them out to potential
clients. I haven’t done shit to attract clients.
So of course my product won’t sell beause no one knows it exists!.
So ﬁrst forget making excuses that money or anything else is the issue here. It’s
not. The issue here is your real status is your behaviour.
It is perceived value ﬁrst.
Then absolute value.
Perceieved value is your behaviour, when you approach women, your sexual
appeal that is your conﬁdence, the clothes you wear, how you converse with
women, how to make them feel alive when you talk and socialise with them, your
skills, knowledge about women.
Perceived value attracts women and gets you laid not absolute value. It is what a
woman sees visually ﬁrst to determine you as a man of conﬁdence, sexual
experience and ability.
Then when you attract her, you don’t need to take her to a resturant. I don’t take
no woman to a resturant like most chumps do and all bitch about who pays what.
We walk, we can have a drink at the bar, we can drink tea. we build on attraction
and I share not my job, not my income, but my values, my thoughts about life, my
passion for arts, music, etc.
Later, when we have gone to many dates, we have become intimate, sexually too
and so it’s ﬂowing now, THEN resturant.

I don’t take women to resturants. I take Girlfriends to resturants and all that.
So imagine, you are missing a lot that you already got.
1. Attitude
2. Personality
3. Conﬁdence. The balls to walk away from women who play hard to get,
don’t show intent and who got some insecurity when you ﬂirt
4. Behaviour
5. Arousing a woman to feel
6. For her to FEEL you got the balls
7. Feel you got the sexual experience and ability to lead
8. Leading her fantasy to feel alive and connect it with you
There’s that and much more.
That’s Perceived Value.
Absolute value is about your career, income, car, house, lifestyle, your character,
if you want to marry, have children, or like me not monagmous, the things she
later ﬁnds out. And if she your values similar to hers, and if feels same that she
desires same as you do, then there is compatibility which is very important for
long-term relationship, love and all factors around love.
So forget Absolute value.
Focus on Perceived value.
You don’t need money to be conﬁdent to approach women and be a man. That’s
how you diﬀerentiate yourself from many guys…
Your Real Status is = your behaviour.
That isn’t nothing.
That is power.
It is sexual appeal.
It is conﬁdence.
It is a man who knows himself and he behaves in a manner of high self worth. He
approaches women and isn’t intimidated by them.
You got what you need to approach people, make friends, socialise, because the
key here is this.
How you make a woman feel.
That’s what you need to learn. Knowing how to approach, talk, converse, turn her
mind on, make her feel alive and if any woman doesn’t like it, well, the way I see,
she can go and fuck oﬀ back to where she was standing or I walk away.
You don’t need anything.
You already got what you need.
The rest comes in time because you are behaving in a manner that attracts the
rest.
Your Real Status = Behaviour.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do some girls get more attracted to guys that don't ﬂirt?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nah man. Keep away from playing hard to get. You’re going to make it diﬃcult for
yourself and most of all, you’ll atttact needy girls too.
If you play hard to get you will send mixed signals.
You will start chasing and then when you stop, she will start chasing you. On and
on because you’re sending a message that if she doesn’t walk away you won’t be
interested in her. It just manipulative and it’s waste of time.
You can attract many girls much more without that.
So don’t play hard to get. Let that social norm and traditional stuﬀ go. You’re next
generation and so you need forget the old cave ways that has made dating so hard
and just damn frustrating for a lot of people.
Yes, ﬂirting will help you, it increases your chances, you are showing the girl
you’re interested. Yes, you be open vulnerability but hey man, it’s part of life
when rejections happens but don’t take it personally.
I ﬂirt, sexualise, escalate the heck out of it and even role play fantasy stories,
because this isn’t just ﬂirting.
This is me qualifying her. I am a sexual and I am saying to her this is me, diﬀerent
to all these guys, and you’ll get an adventure, an experience, romance that is
exciting and I am into you.
That means, if the girl doesn’t show interest, if she judes me, if she even tries that,
I’m moving on. Or she automatically dissappears, which is ok by me.
I found out what I need to know.
She is not my type, she doesn’t get me, and I don’t get her. Awesome. Bye, bye.
I found by being honest in my ﬂirting, by being open, I attract girls who desire
guys like me. So the girl sees clearly…
“OK. He’s made it clear, he is really into me.”
I will have shown my intent. I won’t ﬂirt all time, but just enough and then I
converse and let her know clearly I am into her. If response good, we exchange
numbers and I’ll take it from there to lead to dating.
Now there is something very important you need to know when you ﬂirt.
This is vital that you avoid doing this….
When I ﬂirt heavily, I do so, without hindering, hurting her reputation. You must
observe carefully, who is around her. If she is with friends, do not ﬂirt in a way to
hinder her reputation, or how others see her.
I cut my sexualisation to zero when I see she’s with people. I make sure to protect
her reputation and name no matter what.
Why?
The dynamics have changed.
She is with people she knows, and people she don’t know. They may know her
friends, her relatives etc. I don’t want the woman I am approaching to feel she
cannot trust me and I will hurt her self image and reputation.
People are judemental. There is still stigma in society.

Her friends will judge, guys around her will judge, relatives will judge and the last
thing you need is the girl you’re attracted to gets hurt because you went and
ﬂirted in a way that hurts her.
So take this into consideration.
She needs to know she can be safe 100%, secure, comfortable with you and that
you do not hinder her image, her reputation. So if you do ﬂirt heavy, like I do,
make it private. Make sure, you do not do that in front of her friends or anyone
close to her.
Do it subtly when she’s around people, smile, do something but not to hurt her.
Very important mate.
I ﬂirt heavy, sexualise when on Text, direct messages and Privately because the
number one fundemantal principle in ﬂirting is you do not want to break is
TRUST. That you was immature, irresponsible to not not take her environement,
her social life, her reputation into account.
So take this into account.
Be that guy she knows got his head screwed right.
Now if I ﬂirt, escalate and sexualise privately and she is doesn’t respond and acts
like guys not suppose do that to her. That tells me she’s not for me. That tells me
she has some fantasy bullshit idea how guys approach women. That tells me she
is insecure and has some bad wrap happen to her in past.
That tells me she thinks she has game but she hasn’t game, she has fears, because
a woman into a guy needs to ﬂirt back, and even do so better than him, because
that is what ﬂirting and teasing is, escalating the sexual tension not killing with
bullshit social norm and insecurities.
Believe me, you will meet girls like that and these girls, you ﬁlter them out.
They’ll dissappear anyway. They got no backbone to say it to your face anyway.
Don’t worry if you don’t know how to ﬂirt.
Even smile. Just smile at a girl to show you’re interested. Walk up to her and take
interested in her. Watch other guys who are good at it do it and take note.
Everything can be learnt.
But no matter what — make sure you do not put the girl in a situation where
others start judging her. You know how it is in school and how people can be.
All the best
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask a girl on a date via text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re already a few steps ahead but you don’t wait. You need to now move it to
the next phase or she will get board.
See it like a empty glass.
There are diﬀerent phases and one of them is Attraction.
If you ﬁll the cup with attraction it will overspill and she will get bored because
she’s waiting for you to take action. If you build too much comfort in doing the
small talk then she you as platonic.
So you need to balance.

You’ve got the attraction but now move it to meet up.
1. On conversation on facebook, if you haven’t yet, say as an example@
“Hey, listen, I found this place, great to go out and just relax with a drink.
Let’s me and you go out and take a visit. Let’s talk on phone before we do.
Here’s my number XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX < your number.
2. She will then respond in dropping her number as well if you haven’t got
it already.
3. Then lead it to phone.
“Call you in 5 mins?”
4. If she says an hour or tomorrow, it is ﬁne. Relax. People are doing things
even if they are texting or typing on facebook.
5. When you get on phone, be light hearted, fun, as you are doing, build a
little comfort, and then lead it to you going out.
Don’t wait and leave it too long. Take action.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell if a player likes you more than other girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t.
Here’s what you do know and I am assuming you are woman because there’s no
details with the question.
1. The guy you once dated who messed you around
2. The controlling, manipulating Psychopath who you ﬁnally left
3. The negative experience with another guy and another
4. The stuﬀ your mummy says about guys
5. The stuﬀ your friends says about guys
6. On and on it goes.
Then you see a guy and he says something and your memory triggers, your brain
primary function is to detect threat so it connects your past to what you see. It
replays past memories.
You project all that >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> onto this guy
And make the mistake so many make.
You create assumptions about someone you haven’t even got to know. You put
your perception, your experiences on past and that’s when:
1. You ﬁlter
2. You label
3. Categorise
4. Objectify
5. Then assume he might be a player, this and that
Also, in your memory is a pattern called social norms and traditions. So if social
norms and traditions conditioned you to believe guys who are into you, guys who
respect you don’t talk about sex, don’t ﬂirt, don’t sexualize….you will also believe

this and see him in a negative light and project all that to create a negative image
if him.
Let’s say he is a fun guy and is a storyteller like me.
I love telling crazy stories, fantasies, because I am a writer, I write novels, so I use
stories a lot in my conversations because it’s fun.
I do this as well, because I love women who are fun and intellectuals. They so
amazing with stories and so they join in, and in doing so, I can see her ﬂowing
with words, her eloquence in the detail descriptions, her storytelling, how she
can create from her imagination the fantasy and connect it with me and her.
I fall for women like this because I love smart women, women of imagination,
literature and I know, I know her social value is higher/equal and she’s
demonstrating it right there and then. She’s showing she got a great mind and I
am into minds like this.
I am not into women who talk about “I got game.”
Such women are damaaged to me. They think they are on some war. I’m a lover,
I’m creative, I’m an artist and I am using my creativity not for way but to attract,
the right women into my life. I don’t see that as war. I see that as the most natural
thing in thing in the world to do.
So if any say “I got game and I won’t be fooled.”
Sorry but you have been fooling yourself. You have been gamed by the system,
social conditioning and fell for the trap to believe in such things.
Back to the story..
So I do the creative, and fantasy stories as we talk, having fun, laughing, ﬂirting
etc.
But the guy you had bad experience years ago did that too!
Just because someone is creative doesn’t mean he has a heart of gold. Just
because someone is so charming and nice doesn’t mean he is nice.
Some are manipulators.
Some are Psychopaths seeing you as a prey.
I am creative because I am a lover of arts, music, I write, paint, draw and have a
wild imagination which is fun. It’s in me, I desire to share, to bring value and I use
it also to seperate women who not imaginative to women I know who are, and
who are creative, who look beyond the stars.
Here, take a look on Quora
My Sketches, Paintings And Digital Designs
I’ve got so much excitement ready to explode, ﬁlled with passion and drive.
But the guy you probably dated way back did the same, or similar with his words.
So now you connect the bad experience, and think…
“Oooooh! Wait a minute! This guy is doing same as the guy who screwed me
over, who hurt me, manipulated me, who controlled me. So he is the same!”
See how that works?
We are our own enemies.
I could do one thing, say one word, behave in a certain way and I will probably get
judged and not because it has anything to do with me.

We let our past negative experiences, the dark memories, the experiences of long
ago determine sometimes who we say yes to. We even let social conditioning
dictate, control and decide for us.
So you then do the biggest mistake.
You learn from other women and mainstream that if you play hard to get, then
you can see if he’s a player or not
You fall for the myth that if you dissappear, if you unfollow, if you don’t call, if
you don’t text for a week, if you walk away for a week, he will then chase you
because that’s what players do, right?
That this is how the RIGHT man who truly wants you. This is how he will
demonstrate to you.
That’s what players known for.
To hunt. To chase. To chase you until they get you if they can.
But what happens is he is dissappointed in your behaviour.
He thought you was diﬀerent.
He meant what he said.
He observed something about you most didn’t. He doesn’t chase.
He walks away wondering what happened, why she behaved this way and let’s go.
Why she was so upset? What the hell is wrong with her?
His experience he had with you also becomes part of his memories and who
knows, it might impact his decision with another woman along the way.
He walks away, he doesn’t contact you or messages you again because he doesn’t
see you as a Prize. A trophy. If he saw you as one, then when he does get you - he
will lose interest and move on.
You need to meet the guy, converse, date, get to see for yourself or your mind will
play tricks on you.
Go with feelings and have sensible boundaries.
1. Does he not tell you what he wants when you ask?
2. Does he appear and dissappear for weeks on end?
3. Does he not call you/text you for weeks on end when dating?
4. Does he not take you to places he knows?
5. Does he not show you his friends after a few months of dating, where you
have become sexual and intimate with each other?
6. Does he not project future possibilities, holidays, travels even if he does
it in a fun crazy way? Does he not show he desires you and him to see the
world together?
That’s what you need to focus on.
How does he make you feel and how does he treat you when he’s with you and
other people too.
3k Views · View Upvoters

How can you say hey to a guy you haven't seen in years so that
he just can't ignore you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very simple..
1. You see him.
2. You shout “HEY THERE!”
3. You approach “I only got a minute but I wanted to..”
Now transition to the conversation.
Don’t squeak.
Breathe in, be conﬁdent and project your voice..
“Hey there! I only got a minute but I was…”
Now what do you want to say to this person, add it,.
“Hey there! I only got a minute but….)<< The open
I was walking to shop and I saw you, thought, I know this guy from
somewhere but don’t know where. I was curious to ﬁnd out. I remember you.
You’re Dave from…” < Ready to transition to a new conversation
When you give time constraint, it says you won’t take long and you don’t need to.
You want to just connect.
All the best!
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I think I'm in love with someone but I'm too scared to message
him because I haven't talked to him for years?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you have is a picture, emotions attached to the guy and not that love you
him. It’s chemicals and it’s all about the feeling.
I’m not saying your feelings are not real.
What you can do is contact him but take it easy. Find out information ﬁrst where
he is in his life and slowly take it from there. Don’t say you love him. Don’t say
you have been thinking about him all these times etc.
Relax.
First know where then person is in their life as you haven’t talked to him for years
and so you don’t know what is happening in his life.
Start by contacting him and say hello and talk casually.
Just say you had his contact number and was wondering how he was and sorted.
Take it nice and easy, because he might be married. He might already be dating.
Or he might not be monagamous.
This is a time to just say hello and make a connection ﬁrst and see where he is in
your life for you to take a stock of things.
All the best.
1k Views · View Upvoters

There is a girl I like, but I can't date yet. I would like to wait till
I'm older; how should I handle it so I don't lose her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will lose her anyway because you fear loss.
You say you go to Bible studies.
I’m not religious but don’t you believe in that if your God meant it to happen,
there is no such thing as losing and that it will happen?
I know you’re young mate, 15 but if you believe in something, then you believe in
something. I’m not religious and yet I don’t believe in fear of loss, nor that a girl is
my property and that if she is into me, she be into me anyway.
If she is judgmental, if she had bad experience in past, if she judges someone who
she don’t know by just his words, and interaction and she hasn’t met the guy,
then she is her own enemy. She’ll ﬁlter and screen herself out. No problem.
I didn’t lose a thing. She will never know me and that’s so for any other woman.
That’s why I behave in way I behave, outrageous, ﬂirt, fun, playful, tell stories of
role play and if girls like got insecurity problems, or she has some idea of judging
a guy for that’s ﬁne. We all have baggages, we all have this perception and we all
ruled by them in some way or another.
So you and I cannot control anyone.
Attraction is not a choice.
If a girl is into you, she be into you.
You don’t need to fear loss because if she isn’t into you, you didn’t lose anything
because she isn’t someone to keep anyway.
Fear of loss is attachment to the worldy things, attaching the material, attaching
to object, that what deﬁnes you is who loves you, what job you have, what income
you have, your social status, your popularity, your looks.
And if you attach your faith to these, or yourself on who you are, then when these
dissappear - then what do you have left?
Nothing but fear.
That’s how this world gets you.
Grooms you from a very young age, from baby, nursery, school, college,
universities, telling you, what you are is by what certiﬁcate you have, what job
you get, who validations you, who approves you, who accepts you, what car you
have, what mortgate you have.
And so you live in the fear that if you did this or that, said this or that, wore this or
that, joined this or that - you lose the job, the car, the house, the status….the girl.
Let go of the girl as being your property and just enjoy her company.
Let her know how you feel but also say “you’re not ready, and you don’t want
things to now be awkward because you’re sure she’s mature enough to take that a
guy is into her. It’s not a big deal.”
Again, note I am not religious so I don’t kow what your religion says but I do know
something about what many believe when it comes to God.
And one of them is detache and have faith in him.
Right?
Ok then. This is your lesson this of faith.
Have faith in yourself, in the abilities you have and in that whoever walks or
stays, is part of life and the one who stays, one who embraces you, and waits, is

the one who is really into you.
I call it another word.
Conﬁdence. Self image. Self esteem. Self worth.
Detaching from the outcome because fearing loss for something that we have no
control over is a waste of our sweet time on this short life.
All the best
868 Views · View Upvoters

I'm in a struggle right now. I like this guy, but he keeps on
sending me mixed signals. How do ik if he likes me back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The mixed signals are happening for you because you’re doing the same with
him. Look, I’m going to blunt here.
Mixed signals happen in two ways.
1. He is sending feelers, hints and looking for a response back
2. And you are sending feelers, hintd and looking for a response back
Reason?
He is not 100% sure you are into him and you aren’t sure he is into you. You are
both playing cool. I rather be right out there, be playful, fun, let the girl know I am
into her, and even tell stories, and if she got shit in her head, she’ll dissappear but
if she sees the guy is into her, she’ll say YES and we move on.
But both of you are like playing hot and cold shit on each other. Not just him. You
both are because GAME needs two people. So if girls bullshit that someone is
gaming them, hey, two people must be in a game for a game to happen!
Hence the phrase, “sending me mixed signals.”
Because both treating it as a game.
You’re both playing some game. Players don’t play the game. They tell you
straight what they desire, and reveal it in stories, because most women fucked in
head for a guy to say, “Hey I am into you, I like you, lets get together.”
If he or any guy said that to a girl, jeesh. You’ll start calling him player, asshole,
jerk, and all the names under the sun thinking you’re better.
Leave the game and get real with this.
Bang it on table and now he has to show his trueself.
If he’s into you for real, he’ll lead.
If he isn’t, you will know. How? He doesn’t take action to move it to the next leve
in meeting you and making it all clear.
Foirget looking for signals. This is how Manipulators fuck you over. They know
you are looking for a response.
So you move in fast like an eagle, so you can see who the person real is. You bring
them to the table before you emotionally invest and you show your intent and
now the person got to show if they are into you or not.
That stops the game if the person is not really interested and just trying to mess
your head up.

219 Views

My husband abandoned us 3 months ago. Why did he send a
text complimenting me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, he could be feeling guilt.
But on the other hand I sense something in my gut as I have seen this before but
please do, talk to a therapist as I am just sharing an opinon.
This is technique to manipulate.
One of the things Psychopaths do is they can abandon someone like they never
loved the person. I mean they just walk out and gone. In the beginning it is the
love of that feeling, because they do feel those chemicals but later on is a
diﬀerent story.
This is one of acts of betrayal and it is one of a very powerful technique you need
to be very watchful of.
So ﬁrst they do this..
1. Get your trust
2. Reel the person into a relationship
3. Become controlling
4. Abandon.
5. They do not engage for months
6. Then they contact you but it’s not any contacting. It’s not an apology. It’s
lots of ﬂattery, compliments out of the blue.
So they are not really engaged in the relationship but rather, they are engaged in
victimizing and it will lead to this. They are predators and it isn’t the betrayal of
trust that really hits you but the betrayal in whch they got you to love them, got
you to believe they love you, then they just like that….abandon you.
Then later on, when you don’t even expect it…you get a text message or an email,
or a phone call out of the blue, with compliments, ﬂattery.
There is no empathy. There is no revealing how they are so sorry they hurt the
person. They don’t explain why they are sorry and what they did.
They are so fucked up they believe they are “good” because a psychopaths, likes
to believe that they did what they did for the good of whatever, and cover that
with giving you a message of compliments, ﬂattery instead.
The damage they do is far worse.
You lost your belief in trust and so if someone does come along, well, guess who
reminds you of what can happen?
That’s right. The predator who walked.
He hasn’t got you but no one else will because the moment you hear his
compliments, you remember what happened when you believed in loving a guy,
and so you re-live the story and he wins because you will probably push someone
if you….meet someone in the future.
And he…can’t have that.
Worse. He demonstrated traits of good, of charming, of storytelling, of all kinds
good and now, NOW, when such a REAL person who is really is into you, who is

creative, who is an artist, who does it for a profession as an author, who is
passionate about such things for work, your memory will trigger and assume….he
is like the guy who abandon you.
The memories kick in and it will because then primary function of the brain is to
protect and sometimes, most of the time, the deciions are based on nothing more
but our experiences in the past and our own own perception.
So the amazing guy you meet has no alternative but to see that you’re not
interested in him because you don’t show emotions anymore, you don’t text, call,
or you hold back or you judge all men, and he fades away and dissppears.
That is why he probably sent those compliments. 3 months has gone..
“Maybe she has found someone…”
I’d deﬁnitely see a therapist fast as you can, if you haven’t. Tell them also what
has happened. That he contacted you.
Again, it’s just an opinion and best to consult a professonal therapist.
You know him better than I do and so maybe something will click and it makes
sense when you look at his behaviour when he was with you.
All the best
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Would you stay with a girl that yells at you when she's wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I won’t stay with any woman that is abusive.
Love is not enough.
If we can be civil, talk and she’s shouting her head oﬀ at me, it’s abuse. I’m not
going to be in a relationship where we are shouting at each other. I left drama
already when I was a teenager. I don’t need more drama in my life and verbal
abuse.
No thanks.
I won’t stay.
781 Views · View Upvoters

Do men play it cool if women they like contact them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Play it cool?
You mean behave like nice guys, nice and polite, no ﬂirting? Maybe some do. I
don’t. I be myself and myself, is fun, playful, ﬂirting, fun and sexual.
So if a woman cannot take me when I am like that when she contacts me, then it
be a waste of time for both of us when we do meet.
No, I don’t play it cool.
It’s never smooth.
I am outrageous when women contact me. I am ﬂirty, just open, with all on my
sleeve. I like it this way for a very good reason.

If I play cool, that means I am now behaving in a manner that is not me. I am
being afraid she would not like me and I am not afraid if a woman who contacts
me doesn’t like me, gets oﬀended, thinks I am a player, thinks whatever.
I can’t help the pre-judgement in someone else’s mind.
That’s their perception. That’s their reality not mine. I am not going to carry that
on my shoulders.
I can just be authentic to who I am and here and oﬄine too, if I am talking to
someone personally, I am lively, fun, joker, and sometimes I can be serious. I’m
just me and skills have made me conﬁdent to be me.
If I act diﬀerently when when a woman contacts me and one day we meet, then it
be like the photos you see on dating websites.
You see the person on the website but then meet a complete diﬀerent person.
He’s not 5″7 and he’s 5″4. The way he talks on phone or text, is now totally
diﬀerent when you meet him face to face.
Can you imagine?
I’m fun, ﬂirty, outrageous at times and then I meet and I am quiet, scared to
oﬀend, and she gets puzzled..
“Wait! The bastard! What the hell happened to him? I didn’t fall for this
personality? I fell for the fun guy, the adventure guy, the daring bold guy, the sexual
outrageous guy and now I got me THIS?! What hell? Why is he behaving this way?!”
If you ever seen me approach women, it’s not cool, it’s not smooth. If anyone
ﬁlms it you’d think..
“Jeeeeeeeeeeesh. This is awkward.”
But on Hollywood, movies, romance novels it looks so cool. The guy is so smooth.
Like James Dean huh? But really, in real life it is all over the place man.
You see me rejected here and there and some more. You know, the stuﬀ they cut
out of the Youtube videos and you don’t see the 50 women who said “piss oﬀ,”
You just see the one that says YES and it ﬂows and you think..
“Man, I wish I could do that!”
No you don’t. If you do, go through 50 rejects the way I do. Go through 100 more. I
got balls mate and still it isn’t smooth. Been doing it for years and still it’s not
smooth. I can go on for 10 more years and still it won’t be smooth except if I get it
record and edit it, and walla! Cut out all the 50 rejections get.
Sure, you’ll see me so smooth I’ll make James Bond look like a second rate clown.
By the time you play cool, some average guy like me comes along, just walks up
and just sweeps her from you because while the guy is acting cool, I’m just being
real to want to know her.
But it works for me. It does push some women away but it also attracts women
I’m into and who gets me. If I be cool and smooth just because I might lose a
woman, might as well just not bother. I won’t enjoy it at all.
Forget cool. Show vunerability.
Show your personality. Let it rip and let the chips fall wherever maybe.
Let go of the controlling the outcome.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

This guy used to like me but now he is acting hot and cold, why
is he acting so strange, is he still into me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I know what you mean.
They are so impredicatable it reminds me of the weather in England.
Rain one day, hail storm the next. Sunny for 10 minutes and hell with winter in
bleeding July. You take the umbrella and it never rains the whole damn day. Then
you don’t take the umbrella and it pisses it down.
You want consistency and if a guy doesn’t give you consistency, what’s the point?
Like me know England. I might as well ﬂy to some place in USA where is blazing
hot and for once, I can have one straight weather I can rely on.
But I went to spain and walla. Sun all the time. Consistency.
There was this girl I called Auto-tune because she was hot and cold.
She was like the songs that are auto-tune .
Gets annoying after a while and you just want one songs without the singer being
auto-tuned to death. Just one time, a song for crying out loud.
Annoying.
She was was annoying just like that. Hot and cold. You just want her, just once to
be consistent but no. Hot and cold. Annoying.
Honestly, I have gone past caring when people do that. I can’t be assed with
people like that. You don’t even want a person like that to be into you.
Don’t give him any attention.
Have boundaries and ﬁnd someone who isn’t as annoying.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What attracts guys to girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do guys ﬁnd attractive in girls?

I can’t answer for all guys but for me personally..
1. Conﬁdent. Yes, she is conﬁdent and isn’t insecure about herself, her
body and her sexuality. She owns it.
2. She has a sense of humour
3. She can have a laugh and don’t take things seriously
4. She smiles.
5. She laughs at my crappy jokes and crappy ﬂirting, and outrageous crazy
stories.
6. She likes role playing, sexual in conversation, indirect and direct. She
shows me she isn’t insecure about her sexuality when she does this.
7. She isn’t jealous and possessive. Turns me oﬀ immediately.
8. She’s likes to travel. I travel around world so we got places to see, like
Italy Rome, Paris/France, and a ton of other countries.
9. She’s high sexual and we can talk about it openly.

10. She dress great, street wise clothes, urban, Leather Jacket, Jeans, or
whatever, Street. Or business style. Just you know, she likes to dress with
style.
11. She shows vulnerability. If she likes the guy she’ll say it. “Oh you sexy
fucker, I want you.” And yes, I know, pigs will ﬂy if a girl has backbone to
say that. It’s usually me who says it to girls ;). One day one girl is going to
be so conﬁdent and say things like that to me.
12. She doesn’t try to change and ﬁx me when she learns I am not
Monagamous.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can guys get mad at girls even though they're not into them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It keeps Psychopaths out of my damn life. Anyone telling me that it is
insecure to stand up for boundaries needs to be out of my life. Psychopaths love
to have people feeling guilty and bullshit..
“Oh it was only joke. It’s just you’re taking it so seriously.”
“But it’s nothing. It’s only…”
No. This is my boundaries and so if a women I am into or not into pisses me oﬀ, of
course I’m going to be angry. I am like anyone else, a human being. It’s not a
gender issue.
I don’t know why most want to make this a gender issue.
Why? So I become passive for anyone to walk all over me?
No thanks.
Hey, I am fun, polite, I’ll have a laugh, I’ll make you laugh and even cry from
laughter. I’m a friendly guy, conﬁdent, got great social skills but I keep my eyes
open on who steps over my boundaries. They are there for a reason.
To keep out manipulating women and men.
There’s a lot of them around on this planet.
And I’ll make my boundaries clear in beginning anyway. So why would anyone
try and step over the line? To test me out? To see how far you can go?
That to me is manipulative.
So yes, I will get angry at a woman who I am not into and she steps over the line.
If I don’t she’ll think she can do it again.
689 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lynn M Ho

How can I physically attract very world class, successful and
wealthy women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She must feel that your social value is equal to or greater than hers.
That’s really it.
Therefore, you want any woman, then learm how to create the perception that
your social value is equal or greater than the women you desire.
Example…

Woman working in a job. Let’s say she is a P.A or Manager. Who is higher in her in
perceived value?
The boss.
That’s why some women sleep with the boss.
But there is another perceived value. The guy who who isn’t the boss but he has
social intuition. All the top guys in that company rally around him. He’s the man.
He might not be hot good looking but he’s the one who has high social value.
There is also another perceived value.
The good looking guy who attracts the attractive women in that company and
who all kiss his ass and then bitch how no guy should aproach them but if he did,
they’ll kiss ass and lick their lips, and want him.
Another?
He is ﬁt, looks after himself. Dresses well.
So what am I saying here?
Wherever this woman is, she will have a set of beliefs that tell her this man is of
higher social value or equal to hers.
1. Dress the part
2. Associate with those who also in that world
3. Behave in a manner that is of such world
4. Conﬁdence
So attraction is about the women FEELS your social value is higher than hers or
equal to hers.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl, but when I messaged her the other month, I got
no reply. Yet she talked about me beforehand and says to her
friends that's she's dumb for not replying and regrets it. What
does this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because your text is awkward. You need to be fun, playful face to face not by
texting. You already know she’s shy and nervous.
So cut out the texting. You’re not on that phase yet.
Do these steps ﬁrst:
You need to ﬁrst approach her and create on the attraction face to face
Then be playful and build rapport
Now you can lead with text. Be platful, fun
Then lead from text to phone
Be playful still but add now some seriousness but not too much. Build
comfort, ﬁnd out about her and you share..
“Hey Emily, John here. I was just reading this book about blah blah. I
found it really interesting how you can blah blah (humour). By the way,
what is the one thing you love to do in your spare time?”
KABOOM! No messing man. This is called building on attraction and

then I built on comfort.
If you ﬁnd the conversation doesn’t ﬂow naturally, then step back and
build on attraction more. Be playful more. Make her laugh more. Remove
the awkwardiness.
Sort the ﬁrst thing us show intent face to face.
Don’t text ﬁrst but frame it face to face, where she knows you’re into her and you
got that sorted out. It removes awkwardiness.
Now when you text after that, it’s easier for her and you.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I never had a boyfriend. I'm 24. what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do the opposite of what you’re doing now.
1. Instead of thinking some guy is going fall on your lap, learn to be
approachable. I’m a guy and if a girl got her head on her phone, looks like
she is going to kill someone, not smiling, forget it. Be approachable.
2. Instead of thinking the world evolves around some selected few people,
get out of your comfort zone and socialise with guys! Not just girls! Start
hammering it and socialise.
3. Instead of sitting in house drinking coca, get oﬀ your ass and do some
activities where lots of guys do, and have fun. Whether it is volleyball,
whatever. Do something your into and that’s got tons of guys there.
4. Instead of “no, not interested in parties, I am an introver (roll eyes)” go to
the parties, get to know people.
5. Instead of “I don’t know what to say, “ invest in social skills, practice and
talk more.
6. Instead of pretending you’re not interested, show interest on guys you
see. Smile, say hello, ask for directions and transition to a conversation.
Do the opposite of what you’re doing.
So start socialising and let go of insecurities.
It’s called the Fundamentals for a reason.
Without them you haven’t got a chance. Not your car, pretty looks, average looks,
tall, short, IQ, whatever is going to help. Do these basics and get good at them.
26 Views · View Upvoters

How can I stand out from the crowd when talking to a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The crowd:
1. They hesitate
2. They look for hints and signals
3. They wait and wait for the right time
4. They fear rejection to approach immediately
Stepping Out of The Crowd

1. Your status is your behaviour. Take immediate action
2. Approach her and show intent
3. Be fun, light hearted
4. Converse
5. Sow seed on what can happen but be playful
6. Response good?
7. Exchange numbers
:)
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

He texted me twice after our 1st date but dropped oﬀ + waited a
week to ask me out again and claims "sorry, I'm bad at
texting."Is he full of crap?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He could be bad at texting or whatever.
This is how I roll when in such situations..
1. How do I want to be treated?
2. What’s my standards?
3. What’s my boundaries.
Then I look at someone’s behaviour and not give a damn about excuses, reasons,
whatever. Then I decide..
“Is it alignt to what I desire from someone?”
“Is it good enough for me how this person behaves with me?”
I say no
Then I move on.
I can never know the truth about someone. I can never know if they for real or not
but what I do know is this…
I knnow what my standards are. I know I will do my utmost if I am into someone.
I may not contact them in a day or two, but when I do, whether it is by text or
phone, or by email or private message - one thing the person I am into will know.
I when reply, it shows I am really into them and if they do the same for me, if they
just don’t fuck up, they’ll ﬁnd we’ll have an awesome time, we’ll connect deeper,
we’ll have most can only dream of, we’ll be free of games and we can be ourselves.
So you ask yourself this question, and forget he is busy, ior not, whatever the
reason anyone gives you who goes on dates with you..
“Is the way this person treats me good enoug”
No?
Move on.
Find someone who is good at the communication you’re into. So if you desire
texting, phone, be with someone who is good at that.
Make it easier on yourself.

No one is fucking busy for a week to reply except if they busy dating, fucking
someone else. Either way, their problem.
You just sort out what is good enough for you and move towards that.
That’s how I deal with this. That’s how I roll. Busy or not, if it’s not good enough
for me, I move on and not even bother.
All the best.
246 Views · Answer requested by Natalie Fitzsimmons

Why did my ex move on, the day after, when we loved eachother
so much and still do and had an amazing relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t say why for someone else but for me. I move on fast. You see, loving
someone and moving on is a diﬀerent thing altogether. I can do that because I
can seperate relaity from fantasy.
It makes things less complicated.
It keeps things very simple.
Why am I going to complicate things by going back and forth for?
That doesn’t mean I don’t feel something, I don’t feel pain, I don’t feel hurt when
moving on. I’m human after all. It just means that I’m a mature man, who has
broken up with someone or she has with me, so I am not going to then attach to
some hope of getting back together.
I stop investing time, emotions and disconnect and distance myself.
I move on and that way I do not feed anymore to my memories and build
anymore emotions for that person. I removed them immediately from my social
media and delete and block from phone,
Makes life much easier to move on.
Then was the time if a woman wanted to really be with me to sort her shit out and
that was the time for me, if I wanted it to work, to sort myself out.
Now is not about wishing anything of the past.
It’s not about whether one loves someone and has had amazing time with the
person.
That’s the past.
I look forward into the future by making sure I live in the present.
It just complicates life and I like to keep mine as simple as possible by moving on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does he acts like he likes me one day but not the next?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A guy who likes you will put time in getting to know you. He’ll be consistent. The
only reason he may not be consistent is
1. He hasn’t courage to say he’s into you and nor his behaviour has
escalated to sexual behaviour to say so. So he is probably some chump
who doesn’t know what to do and you don’t know also what to do.

2. Nudge him, tell him you’re into him, you are attracted to him and if he
doesn’t show he’s interested then you’re moving on. Polarize him to
show what his intent is if he is not showing it and that will either stop
him on his track or he will realise he’s been an idoit, hurting you and he
likes you and so he will take action.
But just know, guys who are into girls, are consistent.
Look. It’s like this.
If I am into a girl, I will sexualise, I will communicate consistently. I maybe a bit
late for example in not replying with text and messages but not because I am
playing a game. But I might be busy with something but I am thinking about her
and so I will reply and she will see I put eﬀort in my replies.
I don’t play games and manipulate someone’s head.
I am actually very blatant in showing I am into a girl by sexualising, by
communicating and I ﬁnd girls who are into me will do the same, and become
comfortable to do so, and we communicate well.
So if he is doing that, maybe he has no balls to say he is into you and frustated by
his lack of being a man. If you want to stop him doing that, let him know how you
feel and let him know to show his interest right now, do it in a calm manner.
Then you’ll see what his intent is.
If he is playing with your head or into you, you are going to know.
11.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think about a very good Looking man who says he
wishes he were average looking because he hates the attention?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s the haves and have nots.
The one who have bitch all fucking day on how they wish they didn’t have so
much and didn’t have hot looks blah blah.
Then you got the ones who haven’t got it, and bitch all day about what they
haven’t got and wish they were good looking, taller.
He ain’t special.
He’s like most medicore guys who complain about shit like that and just can’t be
grateful about what he is blessed with. I know a lot of women like that too. I
usually tell them to shut the fuck up as there are worser places to be than being
good looking and getting attention. One of them is no attention at all and no one
will give a shit about them and then, we’ll probably hear…
“No one cares. No one loves me. I wish I was blah blah.”
Human beings, Never satisﬁed. Got to complain about what they got or haven’t
got. Gets very boring and medicore.
So personally, people like that for me are medicore, as they do the same as
someone who hasn’t got, rather beinge grateful that they blessed.
Now that’s a quality I admire.
230 Views · View Upvoters

48 and have never had a date, should I be worried?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You waited 48 years to think about this?
Yes, you should be worried because you probably had this concept that the right
person shows up. 48 years and you didn’t spend time cultivating the skills, and
approach tons of people?
Yes be worried because you’re here asking a question like this which means,
you’re not certain about something. You have some insecurities.
You wanted to date but you created lots of logic to rationalise your own
insecurities.
It will be diﬃcult for you but it’s not because there isn’t any good men or women.
Plenty around but we don’t attract what we want.
We attract what we are.
So anyone bitching about men and women, how they all no good, and there isn’t
many, or how it’s unfair, or how it will happen one day, will ﬁnd themselves
rationalising how they so don’t need a man or woman anyway; or the opportunity
is scace and walla..
“Hey I am ﬁne though. Happy though.”
Awesome is someone is but if they are not deep down, well that’s a diﬀerent thing
altogether.
I’m not going to paint for you a nice story for the feel good factor.
Far too many do that these days and it sure will get votes if I did but I’m not into
that and I rather write how it is.
48 years and you never had experience in dating, in relationship is going to cause
problems in the future because you won’t be prepared for such a world. Start
socialising, get to know people, and approach, and stop looking for the right
person. It doesn’t happen like Disney.
Date and learn to solve problems with all kinds of stuﬀ like approaching,
transitioning to converstion, building atttraction, comfort building, seduction,
sexual experience, sustaining and relationship management. There’s a lot to
learn about dating and relationship and all these years could have been used to
learn, experience, gain more understanding about yourself, and know how to
handle situations that come with dating and relationships.
So you got a lot to learn.
48 fucking years.
Each to their own.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

My friend says this girl I like is crazy and to not associate with
her. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are times you’re friend could be telling the truth but they just don’t explain
it well. I know there were times I didn’t listen, cost me years of pain because I
didn’t see the ﬂags and investigated myself.
Then there were times friends were just being jealous and saw I was dating lots of
girls and they just wanted time with me, as I’m the fun guy, party guy, and so
when the guys with me we have fun.

So who do you trust?
No one but yourself in these matters.
You’re best bet is to investigate yourself, and see for yourself. Keep an open mind,
and look beyond your dick if you’re a guy and if you’re a woman, your emotions
and fantasies.
Then assess.
Observe carefully, listen to your gut instincts.
816 Views · View Upvoters

How true is this: “The prettier the girl, the lonelier she is
because most guys are too scared to talk to her”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hahaha. Nah. I know many pretty girls with amazing piercing eyes, ﬂowing hair,
gorgeous ﬁgure, and they are not lonely.
They have tons of friends.
They have a good dating life.
They are popular.
And lots of guys will even overcome their fears to approach and talk to her.
So no, it’s bullshit when you hear women and guys saying the prettier the girl, the
lonely she is. I have never found this from the attractive girls I know and girls I
date.
Why is this so?
Because you cannot mix pretty with lonely.
It’s dumb to do so.
It’s like this bullshit here..
“Players, bad boys don’t ﬁnd love and so they end up alone and hard life.”
This here is the biggest bullshit I have heard many say. That doesn’t describe me
and nor does it describe many guys I know who are known as bad boys.
Some are in love and in an open long term relationship with one woman who is
extremely attractive, and have been for years, while she also knows the guy dates
many other women, has sex etc. She is in deep love with him as he is with her.
Yes, you can love and still date and have sex with others.
I have seen this many a times with players/badboys but we don’t hear such
stories, do we? We hear what mainstream says, and how we die drunk or in car
accident like James Dean - and what people love for such to end up with but
reality is far from what happens. That bad boys, lover types will always be the
cream of the crop, will ﬁnd love, and the succeed in life.
They have the drive, skill and personality, conversation skills, people skills etc.
You won’t ﬁnd these guys lonely and most are good looking and some aren’t. We
are very creative and passionate about life.
Some of us sing, write songs, powerful with our words, paint, and living a very
good life. A life mainstream doesn’t show.

The truth is, many of these players, bad boys will never be alone. They are
successful in business, in money, in career, with women, social life and they do
not grow old aged 80’s feeling sorry for themselves.
So just don’t mix good looking with lonely, nor bad boy with not being able to ﬁnd
love. It’s bullshit. Stories to make someone bitter feel better about themselves.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I dump my girlfriend if we are sexually incompatible?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know, I hear some say, “but we are diﬀerent because I am with a man he’s been
with me for donkey years and we have no sex.”
Good for you but he’s sex drive would probably fucking zero, tired, exhuasted,
working his butt oﬀ and his testosterone is very low.
Personally, I will never be with a woman if sex is an issue. The thing is, you need
to talk with her ﬁrst and see what’s going on. It might not be the sex. It might be
something else.
But for me, sex is a biggie for me.
I’m a lover, very experienced in sex and I desire it so with all women I date. So if
it’s a problem then it’s going to be a deal breaker for me. If she isn’t sexual herself
and doesn’t want sex, the relationship will be over.
Yes, harsh but love is not enough and I’m not going to be that guy who is with a
woman for years, without sex. It is just not me and it will never be so.
If a woman is awkward in bed, awkward with sex, inexperienced to such a level
she cannot open up and enjoy it, then we will have a problem.
So have a talk with her ﬁrst before you make such decisions and see what is up
and take it then from there.
Communicate ﬁrst as that’s what you do in relationship.
Maybe you’re missing the comfort part. Maybe she isn’t comfortable and you
need to make her feel comfortable, maybe she needs more time for foreplay etc.
You won’t know until there is an open communication where both of you can
speak with each other about it.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why does money play such a big part if someone will fall in love
with you or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Kind, handsome, charming, nice, did fuck all for me, for women to fall in love
with me. These four never got women to fall for me.
When I was struggling with money years ago not now, years ago; I had an
abundance of women dating me. These women were already dating some rich
guy, or some guy who had a well paid job but they left them to be with me.
I wasn’t some nice guy, push over either. Nor was I some hot hunk of a looking
guy. I am a man who takes risk, lover type, sexualise in words and behaviour, and
don’t follow social norms and traditional rules.
Didn’t take money, hot looking, nice. Maybe charming in a bad boy way but that’s
natural for me, not put on. I speak my mind and sexualise hardcore in

conversation. Women don’t meet guys like that often but others, very common.
Provider types chosen for the traditional set up but boring.
764 Views · View Upvoters

Can you continue dating someone (that you've been dating for 3
months) who just found out she's 3 months and some days
pregnant with her ex's baby?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That for me would be a deal breaker. Love for me is not enough and so, if a baby is
on the way and it’s the ex’s as well, it be over.
Sounds harsh but hey, there is less things people break up for. This one right here
would be a deal breaker for me. A BIG ONE!
I’m not a chump or a fool to be around when I found out this.
Not my baby, not my family, I am gone.
You have been dating for 3 months not years. Get out now man. Move on. It’s
already getting complicated.
759 Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl if she wanted to meet my parents. Me and her are
not currently dating is this a good or bad idea?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

DAYUUUUUUUM!
You is going right to the marriage already?
Yes, bad idea.
You needed to get her acceptance so bad, for her to feel you is an ok nice guy to
say yes and went chump mode so fast, you will probably creep her out.
You have a lot to learn Luke Sky Walker.
The force is strong on this one ;)
The idea is to not make it serious. You don’t even know her and by that, you
haven’t dated for a while (6months to a year), you haven’t been intimate physical
and sexually. Nothing happened for you to go so serious.
You needed to step back, way back and approached light hearted, playful, fun,
show your personality, converse, ﬂirt and suggest to go and chill for a drink or
something.
You skipped about 6 steps and went right to the ending of a movie.
Like you already dated for some years, been in relationship, got to know each
other so well, and gone into marriage mode!
Seriously, slow down.
Control your emotions and be mature about such things.
718 Views · View Upvoters

Why don't boys like me? I'm hotter than all of their girlfriends
combined.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want to know?
I don’t even need to see what you look like and as a guy, I know already.
It’s in what you say yourself:
“I’m hotter than all of their girlfriends combined.”
That’s not conﬁdence.
That’s arrogance and arrogance is where you think you are better than someone
else and looking down at others.
So yes, 100%, I’d avoid you like the plague because you’re words will deﬁnitely
project itself with so much insecurities, you won’t even need to say anything. I
will know to stay away.
That is why boys don’t approach you. You are scared to show vulnerability. You
are in a competive plane which comes from fear.
The other girls are not your enemy.
They will one day be your support. You need friends who are girls too and if you
behave in a way that you are better than them, then you’ll push a lot of good
people away from you.
But if a guy sees you not in a competive plane, being friendly, honest, helpful,
kind, it says how you will treat him too. If he sees you getting along with others,
and being authentic and not pretending, he will see how you will treat him and
his friends who are girls too, and his guy friends as well.
This is social dynamics.
We guys observe this more than girls think.
If we see girls making fun of others, if they treat waiters or waitress in a bad rude
way, if they treat workers in a rude way, if they treat others around them in a rude
way and if they isolate themselves - the perception it gives is a really bad vibe.
We’ll stay away from such a girl no matter how attractive she is.
Looks can get someone’s attention but it won’t get a guy to date you if you are
behaving with jealousy, and posessiveness and you look down at others. We do
look at how girls behave with each other. It tells us a lot about her. We also look
for consistency.
You’ll end up so needy and desperate for attention - you’ll attract the wrong type
of guy. Stay real. There’s much more to you than your looks and ﬁgure.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do feminists tend to avoid dating males with Type-A
personality?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have never met an Alpha who proclaims he is one to people in society. He
doesn’t need to and he doesn’t give a fuck if a ferminist avoids or desires him.
Maybe the word to look for is Masculine, Leadership. A man of inﬂuence and
even then you’re not going to say you’re a man of inﬂuence and leader.
Also the myth that there are so many of them is untrue.
There are only a few of such men in this world. You won’t ﬁnd another Bill Gates.
You won’t ﬁnd another Warrent buﬀet.
Also, people rise to the top and also fall.

Women are the same. They rise to the top but they also fall.
Like most empires. They rise and for a while they are ok but then they fall.
You won’t hear such men saying they are Alpha’s to people at work, business and
even to women out there.
I have never met any man or woman that says they are Alpha’s when mingling
with people. Maybe they think it in their mind.
Think about it for a moment.
I am approaching women, she hasn’t got some label on her forehead saying..
“I’m a Feminist.”
I don’t give a shit. All I would care about is how she makes me feel and if she
makes me feel shit, then of course, I’d avoid her. Of course I won’t want to be
associated with her and I won’t want to date her.
That is so for many people who have conﬁdence, self worth and self esteem.
So it won’t be because shes’s feminist.
It be because she’s a woman with a stinking attitude.
Same with a guy. If he is acting like a jackass, having a stinking attitude, then
woman will avoid him too.
983 Views · View Upvoters

If I've never been able to get a date does it mean I deserve to be
alone?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it doesn’t mean that and it shows in your question you have a lot to learn,
because you stay in the comfort zone.
No, in the evolutionary perspective, if a guy is needy and opens his big mouth,
telling a woman his life story to impress her or get pity, then yes.
But evolutionary also hangs a lot on Perceived Value and that by far, is something
you do not have because,
1. Conﬁdence. A man of conﬁdence isn’t some guy who stays in shadows.
He approaches women because he knows his self worth and has self
esteem as well. He takes action. His status is his behaviour foremost.
2. Self worth. Such a man won’t even ask this question and he won’t even
speak about himself in the details you have provided.
3. He doesn’t put women on pedestals. In other words, he ﬂirts, he is
playful, he sexualises and escalates, while most guys would fear doing so
because they oﬀend her and she leaves. So he doesn’t dance around
kissing her ass, he behaves as a lover.
4. He is exciting. He takes risks. He pushes it. He makes her speechless
even at times as to how dare he even speak in such a sexual way, and yet
women still come back for more. He knows how to arouse, how to
capture her emotions, he’s a master of words, a master of weaving words
in conversation and his poetry is sexual, she’ll love it too, as it’s not the
romantic crap you read and hear nowadays.
5. He’s romantic and that doesn’t mean ﬂowers, lover letters and singing
under her window. Romance meaning, adventure, making the

experience exciting, ﬁlled with feelings that not only captures her
emotions but also leads her fantasy to higher level of arousal.
6. He has sexual appeal, so adding 1–2, you also add his unique way of
dressing, he looks sharp, he embraces his personality and uniqueness.
He isn’t intimidated by social pressure and can approach a woman or a
group of women, and even women with guys.
None of these are absolute value where one knows how many women he dated
and it’s none of her fucking business either. It’s guys who are needy, opening
their big mouth, falling for the dumb pathetic shit tests most women do but when
meeting a Masculine man, he ignores these tests and just does what he…likes.
It is Perceived Value.
And in evolutionary perspective, it attracts and gets you laid
Absolute value is something else, it gels relationship together. Such as his
purpose in life, his consistency, his goals in life, his behaviour after she had sex
with him, career, job, lifestyle, meeting his relatives, friends etc. These cannot be
faked.
I am now saying Perceived Value is faked but it can easily be faked by just
wearing good clothes, and people can perceive you diﬀerently.
So it’s got nothing to do with what you are saying.
It is due to you not having the knowledge, skills and haven’t gone out of your
comfort zone enough to approach many women but in a learning mode ﬁrst, and
learn to get better at it.
847 Views · View Upvoters

I asked my bf if we should end it, as things haven't been going
well. It's been a week and no reply. What's going on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You messaged him?
Something as important as that isn’t something you message. You pick up the
phone and talk with him. That’s what you do.
So pick up the phone and talk.
No, text is not only way. Just because you both haven’t seen each other for
sometime or talked to each other for sometime, doesn’t mean the only way is text.
Pick up the phone and talk.
That’s why you’re now wondering
You text to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
The rest is just rationalising the only way was texting.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I hug a guy after rejecting him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Don’t send mixed signals. Pity is disgusting. So let it go. Go and save a cat or
something but do not go oﬀ hugging him after you rejected him.
Last thing a guy needs is a girl confusing him in sending mixed signals.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the easiest way to approach a girl without fear?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will always have fear. I approach many girls and have been doing so for years.
The fear doesn’t go away. What happens is it doesn’t stop you and you are able to
calm your nerves down and enjoy the process.
You cannot remove fear because your brain primary function is to detect threat,
danger and so depending on your experience the fear will be big or it will be
small. It is hype that you’re state of mind will always be high.
We are human beings and we’ll feel some fear.
Fear has it’s good part in that it helps us to remember danger and detect a threat.
It alerts us to be ready but there is also a side to it in which much of what we fear
is due to social conditioning.
Social conditioning or what is also known as societal programming is a process in
which society is trained through myths, legends, stories, books, magazines, TV,
doctrines, religions, social peers and even law in responding to certain social
favourable knowns to one’s peers.
If you don’t follow them then the fear is you’re judged, pointed at, ostracised and
that is why labels are created as well.
Labels like asshole, jerks, player, slut and whore, too easy.
For example women fear approaching men due to the invention of modesty,
invention of shame and this the shame on sexuality. Women do not approach
men because they believe in the social myths and traditions that men are
suppose to chase and woo women.
And that women need to play hard to get to be valued man. This is where the
pathetic rules most women come up with like no kiss on ﬁrst date, no sex on ﬁrst
date, etc cetre.
You even see women peacocking their egos on here too with how they will never
give numbers to strangers like it’s a fact but the amount of women I know met
strangers, gave them their number and who are dating, engaged, married, had
sex with someone is very high.
But you’d never, ever hear a woman blatantly say that in full view of society
exceot if she not socially conditioned as much, is under from 18–23, not yet
fucked in head by these social norms. As she gets older, well, she gets more
cautious and worries about her reputation even more.
This is why men themselves are the way they are except some have freed
themselves from such poor poverty mindset.
However, if you haven’t ﬁgured it out and still like most average guys then you
will ﬁnd yourself…
1. Wondering if she’s way out of your league.
2. What if you mess up
3. What if people are looking and what they might think
4. What if she is busy.
5. What if she says no
6. What if she gets oﬀended
7. What if you are not good looking

8. But you haven’t much money
9. You haven’t good clothes
10. What if she judges you
These are fear based. So fear can also work against you.
Going out there and doing it consistently will help you a great deal.
Even with my conﬁdence and years of experience, doing consistently, I don’t
always have a high state of mind. I’m human and have my own ﬂaws but not as
much as average guys who haven’t done enough.
The more you get out of you comfort zone, the more you feel it until you get used
to it. I see fear as given a message to me..
“It’s time to grow.”
Then if you keep doing it, you will get used to it and have fun but you then feel it
again. It is telling you again to step up to grow. So I step up and it is why I
approach extremely attractive girls because I am pushing myself and go into
situations and doing what most fear doing/saying because they worry if they
oﬀend girl etc.
There will come a time when you won’t give a shit anymore. There will be a time
you have dated so many extremely attractive girls and even get sick of them. You
will ﬁnd they are predictable, boring and scared, insecure than you can even
imagine with all their facade and put on conﬁdence.
You will be able to smell them out from a far. You’re social instinct and killer
instinct which helps you to cut through social pressure crap, will attract them.
I don’t even need to try hard anymore but that took sometime, years. Max it took
me 2 years consistent everyday, with investing in knowledge and skill.
So you’ll always have this fear but you will have experience for it to help you.
There is none of “approaching without fear.”
There is no such thing.
I like to say there is but I have been doing this for a while now and it is still there.
It’s what makes us….human. To be vulnerable.
It’s a rare quality because most fear showing it.
I don’t mean approaching and confessing love. I don’t do such things. I mean
showing you’re attracted to someone by approaching immediately, being playful,
fun, and converse to build attraction.
Many hide it and sit back at home wishing they had the balls to do it and
remembering that girl or girls they didn’t even try with.
That’s due to social conditioning and that’s why social pressure is hard for most
people to handle.
Go through the pain instead of letting pain go through you.
Embrace this quality that makes us stand out from the rest - showing
vulnerability and you will ﬁnd yourself growing so fast and learn so much more.
You’ll also get a date. Not with ﬁrst, second, third, fourth, or even 20th person but
it wll happen as you get good at what you do to realise most of your worries are in
your head because everyone else you meet is as scared and maybe even more
insecure.

If you are asking this question for yourself, you got a long way to go. Start now or
it be more diﬃcult as you get older.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my crush said, "hit me up, beautiful
baby girl"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy says…
“Girl your so ﬁne, hit me up sometime.”
“Don’t be shy girl, hit me up?”
“"You got a bag you can hit me up with?"
"Hit me up with that shit." As he looks you up and down.
"Hit me up later tonite."
It means to connect with him, call him..
1. He is saying you’re attractive
2. He’s ﬂirting with you
3. He’s now ending with connection.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Steph Huynh

Would you be turned oﬀ by a girl who was 5'1", but otherwise
fairly cute?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, all this stuﬀ about height, tall, long, short, skinny, curvy and so on,
and on, is really not my style.
It’s not about her being tall or 5″1.
It is about if I am attracted to her. It’s a FEELING.
This is what most don’t get. It’s a feeling. Some will be bothered about it, I’m sure
but even then, if the feeling is not there, well, it ain’t going to happen.
I’ll give you an example.
I met his girl yeats back, and she was 5″5 and the way she dressed, the way she
smiled, the way she was like most women I don;’t meet often in that she knows
how to ﬂiry, how to turn me on.
It didn’t take long to be attracted to her.
She didn’t give a damn about her height. She went for the guys. I never seen a
woman so damn gutys and fun than her.
You’re so focused on being liked, accepted, approved that you forget just having
fun, turning on the guy, show your interested, have a blast.
So you feel insecure about your height and this vibes oﬀ on the guys, and so now
it becomes an issue.
You want guys to look at your height or look at you?
Then stop making your height a big deal and show yourself, smile, talk, be fun,
playful and most would forget all that about height because they looking at you
and your personality in general.
882 Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl but I feel she deserves a better guy than me even
though I cannot forget her. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason you’re saying this has nothing to do she deserves better. The reason
are as follows..
1. You are so terriﬁed of rejection to rationalise it with this belief…
“I won’t apply for this job because I am not good enough, haven’t got this
and that”
Instead of, “I am good enough for this job and I have applied and the
experience in doing so will enable me to grow.”
2. You seek her validation, acceptance and opinion of you rather than
realising your opinion of you is above hers and anyone else’s regarding
you.
3. You are insecure about yourself you rationalise it with this belief
You’re right.
You ain’t good enough for her or any girl because no girl wants to be with
someone who puts her on a pedestal except if she’s a Narcisst bitch, who will see
your weaknesses and use it to manipulate, control, chew you and spit you out, as
she walks over you without even a speck of regret.
You are not ready to date anyone.
Spend time investing in yourself and stop putting women on pedestals.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How would women react to a guy who works out or gets a hobby
just to impress women? My drive to hit the gym is to be more
attractive to the ladies I encounter, and I’ve been getting more
into cooking as well as salsa and hip-hop dance lessons.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why would you even give a shit what women think?
It’s your body, your life, do whatever you want.
Just go and build your body for whatever reason. Don’t make this complicated,
asking women what they think and if you should be proud you have this
motivation.
Very needy.
Mate, women put make up on, dress, nail varnish, the hair done, high fuck shoes,
oh sorry, high heels and they tell you..
“We’re not doing for men but for ourselves.”
They are half telling truth. They do it to stand out from the other women,
competing with other women to attract the men or to get attention.
So let’s avoid putting women and anyone else really on a pedestal.
Even with a good body you’ll screw up with approach due to neediness and
seeking their acceptance and approval.
Don’t ask what they think.

Go and do it and if it’s impressing girls, who gives a shit. You’ll ﬁnd some women
love it and some don’t, and some don’t know what to think about it.
Many women go to these clubs where they see men stripping. Yes, there are
women who like a good body. Those that don’t, removing them from your list and
approach others. There are women who watch movies of hot looking guys and..
“OOoooh wow.”
Who do you think the majority of buyers are for plastic surgery?
Who do you think majority of buyers are for ass surgery?
Who do you think bought the book called 50 shades of grey?
You think I’m going to believe what most women say about anything regarding
this?
Shit man. Of course not.
Women say one thing to survive and do something complete bloody diﬀerent.
They say they want a nice, gentle, guy, and go and dump his ass a month or year
later for a lover boy who can turn her on.
So for heavens sake, be a man.
Stop asking women what they think and just do it, stop talking about it, stop
asking others about it. Too many insecure guys asking same questions.
What do women think if…
Just do it.
Better than being a guy who os unhealthy. It will help you’re health, your skin,
your mindset and help with your conﬁdence in yourself. You’ll feel good about
yourself. Who cares what women think about such things.
You really think they are going to say..
“Ooh I love a man with a body, nice sexy ass who will turn me on and pound me
every night. Oooh.”
Come on man.
Be a man. Don’t ask women or men what they think on what you desire to do with
your life and body.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can an introvert have a successful dating life in his 30s, if he's
never had a long term relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know I’m not into in these labels “introvert” and “extrovert.” Has sod all to do
with it and I say so because if we need some label, I’m an introvert who deﬁes all
the odds and having an awesome time.
So I am a guy who likes to write, paint, draw, sing, writing songs etc, and I can
happily do these things without company but I socialise a lot. Also I invested in
knowledge, skills and have now alot of experience in dating.
I am going to be honest about online.
Most women, girls online just attention seekers.

The ﬁrst thing that also hits is the photos and biog. It can stop right there and
they’d never know much about you and most importantly they “feel,” and “vibe”
is not felt about you.
Second, if one is an average guy who isn’t hot looking, he needs fantastic skills
regarding how he attracts them online. Most unfortunately haven’t even got the
average knowledge, skills in how regarding increasing their perceived value and
even when they get contacted, they are not great at keeping womens attention,
creating arousal and leading to date.
You’re best chance is oﬄine.
1. Oﬄine you can cut to the chase.
2. You can approach immediately and even though women see you, if you
got the skill you can make things happen.
3. You can move on faster. You either get a Fuck Yes or Fuck No. Move on
and be done with.
4. You can eliminate emotional bullshit support type women faster. Listen
to words like “I like you as a person.”
Moment she says that, move on. She’s not attracted to you and looking
for some pal to ﬁll her time. She probably got a man already or just not
into you. Words CAN say a lot about her.
I am good at words but the one thing you look at then their behaviour.
Don’t look at words as hints but rather as a qualiﬁer that if she cannot
comunicate interest back or plays hard to get or trying to play you down,
then she is a waste of your time.
5. If the woman doesn’t show intent when you do, best you move on. You
can do this faster oﬄine. Online you’re waiting and you might not even
get a reply because women are hammered with attention from guys
when it’s dating websites and anywhere online.
Oﬄine, most guys haven’t the balls to approach women. Also when you
approach she acts all that, you can instantly shut her down and move on/
6. Plan. Do some research where the women you desire, your target
audience, and go there. Familiarize yourself with these places.
7. Approach as many as you can. Do not focus on one woman when she
hasn’t emotionally invested, been intimate, physical, sexually, and
you’re not even dating or just dated a few times. No woman is entitled to
ask why I am seeing others because we are not exclusive yet and anyway,
I am not monagmous. If you are into monagamy then still make it clear
you are still dating and looking to yet ﬁnd one you really like to spend
more time with. Maybe she can she be the one, who knows :)
On the Process:
1. Do not look go for phone numbers immediately. Approach and use time
constraint as you’re in your space. “Hey there, only got a minute,
meeting some friends later on and…..” then say whatever you need.
Don’t be serious. Be playful, fun but not too much.
2. First build attraction. Spend sometime creating the attraction with her.
Be fun, playful, then simmer down and time bridge, ﬁnd out something
about her. Not too many questions. Paint in her mind what can happen
when you ﬁnd out what or who she is. You’re going to use it later for

when you text for later. I purposely role play some crazy shit stuﬀ and
use that as a call text back humour later on.
3. Use physical touch in conversation. This is an art. You can converse
using touch as you explain things, in a fun playful and natural way.
4. Then qualify her. She has to show eﬀort she is interested in you. So have
one qualiﬁer question, or you have a need. Seed it into conversation and
see her response and if she is umming, arring, and she isn’t answering
your question, listen to your gut instinct. If you see she is hard work,
move on. If she does show eﬀort, get her number. If Qualifying doesn’t
happen, it means there is no attraction. Move on.
Qualifying shows you are into the woman for more than her looks. So
know how to do this. I cannot go into this here too much detail here but
think of a question that reveals what you desire in a woman. Or
insecurities issues you do not want her to have and do so in a non serious
manner. Light hearted manner.
5. You got her number. Talk a little and use the time constraint you
mentioned early as reason to leave.
You need to get good at:
1. How to identify who is interested in you and lead them into process.
2. Who isn’t and ﬁlter these out <<<<< immediatley. Have standards. So if
acts bitchy, if she isn’t showing eﬀort, if she’s playing hard to get, if she is
looking for emotional support friend, if she talks negative about past
relationship, shut her down politely and move on.
The rest is your skill in building attraction on phone, leading to phone to build
some more and add tiny comfort - and - lead to dating her. No resturants. No
movies at the cinema. These create awkwardiness and you need to converse, be
playful but build comfort too. You need physical touch in conversation and know
how and when to escalate physical touch but don’t go overboard.
Leave that for seduction phase when you’re both alone.
That’s why you will date many until you get good at it and the more you do, you’ll
ﬁnd the “good looks” factor or you height and whatever some guys bitch about
isn’t really much of the problem. It’s your self conﬁdence, your lack of skills and
experience.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is polyamory just being selﬁsh?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You mean, the way someone loves you and they bitch, cry all day, tell you
something is wrong with you, that you’re a player for being poly or any model of
relationships where you date others? That why can’t you just be monogamous
because must be a player?
That’s societal programming right there.
1. Making you feel guilty
2. Making you feel shame
3. Telling you, you’re not normal
4. That you got to ﬁt with the rest of the crowd
I don’t know about you but have you seen the crowd?

Cheating. Aﬀairs. Lying. Hiding and pretending, walking on eggshells, jealousy
and posessiveness, controlling = selﬁsh.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Girlfriend always raises her voice at me. Is that a red ﬂag?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason she continues to do it is because..
1. She tested your frame. You became passive
2. She tested your frame again and now seen she can do it all time
3. You got her on a pedestal
4. You fear losing her. Sad fact of the nice guy life. Insecure. Fear of
abandonment. Fears of being alone.
You will get tested by women. They will do it consciously and sometimes
unconsciously. Those who do it unconsciously don’t know they are doing
anything wrong and those who do it consciously are abusers.
This is so with men with women.
This is so at work and even clients will try it on.
This is so in all aspects of life.
If you don’t have self respect, out boundaries in place and take your boundaries
and values seriously, then people won’t respect you.
They’ll walk all over you.
So she will test you once. If you do not ﬁnd your balls and stand up for yourself,
well, you just showed her she can do it.
If she does it again, then she will now gain conﬁdence in that she treat you as a
push over. She will walk all over you.
If she does it again, then she will rationalise in her head she can do so all the
time.
Now, the problem isn’t her.
The problem is you being passive-aggressive, got her on a pedestal, probably got
some weird shit concept about love, and need to man up.
I have had women try, just try that and immediately I shut them down.
Never do they try again.
That’s how it’s done.
Once a person does it to you, stand up for yourself.
Do not tolerate it but also be calm. If they don’t change, bye, bye.
So correct your behaviour.
Or life will correct it for you the hard way.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Dating: would you date a woman 20 years younger?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
I already do. I date a few in their 20’s.
I don’t see it as a problem as most I date are very mature and also see world the
way I see it too. I don’t see the number as a problem unless it is not legal age of
consent. So if a girl is 20 years old then yes, I would.
If she makes me feel good at about me, if I get along with her, if I am attracted to
her and she is sexually conﬁdent, and insecure secure about her sexuality, and if
she can handle travelling world with me time to time, as I do travel, then yes.
It’s not a problem for me.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are some tips for starting a website for somebody for the
ﬁrst time?
Adam Taha, I observe people's actions more than what they say
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Make sure you know what they want
2. Ask them questions about their target audience
3. Then let them know how much it’s going to cost
4. Put it all down on paper. Contract. Don’t do anything until you get this
done and it is oﬃcially agreed.
5. Keep all communication recorded
6. They pay up ﬁrst. Deposit or all. If it’s a big project I spread it. I don’t give
them anything, until they pay up everything.
7. If they haggle, they are going to be headache. Let them go.
Don’t fall for them paying later.
Don’t fall for “we can’t pay yet due to balh blah blah.”
Don’t rush it to impress and they haven’t paid.
Or you will be screwed.
Remember, they PAY ﬁrst.
416 Views · View Upvoters

You are alone with a psychopath who has picked you at random
to murder, and you know pleading with them will not help.
What do you say to put them oﬀ, or hesitate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - So, who are we going to kill today? I have a few people on my list
Psycho- You kill too?
Me - Of course. Why you think I am sitting right now with you. I know you is the
BEST in the business!
Psycho - You mean?
Me - That’s right. You mate are the ideal partner in crime but not just partner…the
Leader of the gang I have built for 8 years. We have been watching you from a far.
We are impressed by you. I got 5 more like me and you. I choose you to be the
leader of us all. We need a leader. You are the one!
Psyco- Bleeding hell mate and here I was about to kill you
Me - Where’s the fun in that when you can tell us what to do, follow your every
instruction, be the leader.

Psyco - So what now?
Me - Let’s go and meet the gang!
Take him to the hood where I used to live and see always 5–6 big massive guys
hanging in corner and sometimes door step.
Me - wait right there.
Me - Hey guys, you see this guy there
Guys - Yeah, what about it?
Me - He told me your mama is a bitch, and he did this and that to your mum and
he’d do it your mums too soon. He said all of you haven’t the balls to do jack (me
turning to psycho who is standing way back and smiling at him)
Guys - YOU WHAT?
Me - Yep. He said that I can even tell you and you’d do nothing because you’re a
spinless piece of blah blah blah
Guys - COME. We got some business to deal with this guy.
Then I’d sit down, take out my phone and call some girl to talk - while they do the
job on him for me because he maybe a Psycopath but I come from the street and
learnt one thing about them.
They got MASSIVE egos :)
348 Views · View Upvoters

What is the one thing you did/started doing in life which
changed everything for the better?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I didn’t wait until I was conﬁdent.
I just went and did it and yes, I fell ﬂat on my face many a times but the more I
did it, the better I became at what I wanted to do.
The better I became, then more I saw the blind spots to tweak and reﬁne.
The more I tweaked and reﬁnesd the better results I got.
The more results I got, the more options I had.
The more options I got, the more I felt so good just talking to women because I
can walk away and still have sex with women I am already dating.
The more I didn’t worry about whether she did or not, the more dates I got, more
sex I got, the more fun I had.
I approached life always this way.
I didn’t look for conﬁdence but became good at the skill.
I didn’t go to college but learnt the skill from others by helping them out, diving
in, and learning from them to become proﬁcient and masterful at graphic design,
copywriting, painting, website design layout, ﬁlming, writing lyrics, producing
music track, singing, dancing and became proﬁcient in psychology, women.
I didn’t look for passion.
I just did what made me feel great and passion came on it’s own.
Conﬁdence?
I went through the pain instead of letting pain go through me.
I did many a things instead of looking for conﬁdence, I built emotional and
mental strength by just facing my fears and making my fears, my best friends.

I didn’t look for conﬁdence.
I didn’t read about conﬁdence.
I didn’t go to seminars about conﬁdence.
I just did what what I need to do to overcome certain insecurities the hard knocks
way because I knew, many also wouldn’t go through such a path. It made me
valuable in what I do.
That is what changed everything for the better.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a guy who's never been in a relationship in
his life, likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“….in his life?”
You mean 16 years old guy or 40? Big diﬀerence.
If a guy who has never, ever, been in a relationship in his life, is 16 years
old….then I’d expect that’s because he’s still young and haven’t yet approached
any girl.
But if it’s someone aged 25, 50, then it’s diﬀerent. Then I can say, he will be so
scared of rejecton, has no clue how to approach girls and you can probably forget
him saying anything even if he did like you.
The thing is, contrary to belief most people have about human beings - we do not
have some special powers that can read the signals, hints and all the crazy stuﬀ
most do when they can just make it easy to say..
“Hey there!..” and let it roll, tell him you’re into him.
You’re not going to say you love him.
You’re going tell him you’re interested him and want to go out together for a
drink. You want to know more about him.
I found conﬁdence is attractive.
When a girl approaches me, whether oﬄine or sends me a message and honest to
tell me she’s into me, makes it clear, I admire such quality.
It’s rare and that’s why it makes her stand out from the rest.
So ask him.
Or he will never know.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I told a friend I liked her, and she said she enjoyed our
friendship and doesnt feel that way. A year later my feelings are
resurfacing. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t be surprised that when that happened a year ago, you’re life hasn’t
changed much since then. The same habits. The same old thing.
You’re in the same place, same mindset, without any options, haven’t approached
ton of girls and even getting strong with your skills with regarding girls.

The reason why it is resurfacing because your life is empty, you’re focus is
nowhere else and you are not being busy approaching many girls who are more
attractive than her, smarter, going places etc cetre.
Then you’ll see you can do much better.
That isn’t me slamming your friend.
That’s me stating just the reality of why you feel this way.
Stop with hanging around her. Stop with putting eﬀort being with her like you are
always available for her because let’s put it this way….
No girl is going to change her mind when the guy himself hasn’t changed into a
high social value and making it happen in his life.
If you are always visible and doing the same shit she won’t see no diﬀerent in you.
Probably thinks you’re some guy who still can’t move on and hasn’t got much of a
life to attract girls.
Also, it is very diﬃcult when a girl sees you as nothing more than a friend for it to
change. She’s not into you in that way. She doesn’t lust for you. The chemicals
don’t go Boom Boom when she sees you.
So move on.
Distance from her.
Start building your own resources like the party is where you go. You need to
approach tons of girls and get with life.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls ﬁnd guys more attractive if they drive a luxury car?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you got lots of money will it attract girls and get you laid? Yes.
If you got a luxury car will it attract girls and get you laid? Yes.
If you became famous? Yes it will.
If you had some super mansion with swimming pool and popular guys
hired your home for a big Party-Game? Yes it will.
If you was the popular guy in any cool party with cool guys? Yes it will.
If you knew someone popular? Yes it will.
If you got extremely hot looks? Yes it will.
If you can get women into places most guys can’t? Yes it will.
It will for many girls at a deep unconscious level and these girls will say, no it
doesn’t. Most do things without even themselves knowing.
I remember I saw this work so many times in my life and so, any girls now tell me
no it doesn’t happen, I know it does.
I can have extremely attractive women who I am talking to, and other women
now see me very diﬀerent. My social value gone up.
It’s called Preselection.
When high social value and extremely attractive girls pursue you, not any girls
but girls others see as high value then they wonder what value you have. They
become intrigued and want what you got.

Therefore, sexual appeal is perceived value.
Perceived value gets you laid.
Absolute value builds relationship but not all relationships can span the time you
desire but some do. However, there are many factors and techniques, I won’t
speak about. So lets stay on track on the question….
There is a website where young girls enrol and it is the men who choose. The girls
date these rich older men and have sex with them. In return these men who are
very rich buys them plastic surgery or cars, or house, whatever.
So will it attract girls and get you laid? Sure, it will.
Now will it get you ALL, ANY girl?
No. That is now where the biological, the Psychological and Physiological of the
girl. Not all girls will go for this but it does increase your chances by a huge
margin with a lot of extremely attractive girls.
As an example. There are three types of girls.
1. 50%. These are the girls from (18–24) who desire to date older guys. They
want to but they are forced to hide their desires. But it still out of her
comfort zone. So the older men must be good at leading and make it
comfortable for her.
2. 20%. (18–24)These girls strongly desire older men. They so want an older
man. They are turned on by older men. Problem? They fear what their
relatives, friends, co-workers will. You already know girls got no
backbone when it comes to approaching guys but put this on top of it as
well, and it’s very hard for them but they do desire older men. They hide
this secret and fantasise about it until a time comes when they just do it.
3. 30% and these girls don’t want to date guys who are 4–10 years older. For
them it is disgusting. So an older man can forget these girls.
See what I mean about how it’s psychological too. When girls are heavily
societally programmed, it impacts their perception, which creates their reality. So
not all girls are as well going to date a guy because of car, popularity etc. Some
hate that, disgusted by it and have a lot of fears about it too.
Will it sustain relationship if girls for the luxury or status inﬂuence?
You’d be hard pressed but it can happen.
But it’s not easy.
Nothing worthwhile is but never think love is enough.
It never is.
Take a look on Quora on how women cheating on their husbands, boyfriends, and
that goes for men too. When chemicals kick in, love goes out of the window for
most people.
26.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I learn to accept the fact that life is much more
exciting and fun when you are good looking?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah?
Let me ask you some questions. I am not here to judge you but I like to open your
mind for a moment.

1. Does it take you to be good looking to be good at business?
2. Does it take you to be good looking to attract customers using websites?
3. Does it take you to be good looking to invest in social skills, conversation
skills and learning the language of inﬂuence?
4. Does it take you to be good looking to then travel the world?
5. Does it take you to be good looking to see the wonders of the world?
6. Does it take you to be good looking to learn to be a great dance and walk
into a night club and kick ass?
7. Does it take you to be good looking to ride a rally car for a day for £500
dollars. I drove a Ferraris and came second but on my other race I came
ﬁrst and I beat the coach by just an inch!
8. Does it take you to be good looking to rid a horse with sexy attractive
women? I went on these horse riding trip, and because I got the woman
lauging her head oﬀ, ended up in bed with her. I later learnt she’s a
millionnaire who runs her own kinky sex shops and horse stables.
9. Does it take you to be good looking to bring the good vibe and approach
girls or guys like you don’t give a shit but in a good way? I went to a few
parties not long ago and got girls drinking from my stomache and then
drank from there’s and they stripped. The rest I leave to your
imagination.
10. Does it take you to be good looking to just go and do what you desire?
Here’s what it takes.
Invest in yourself.
Make money whether from a good high paid job or business.
Now do whatever you want.
You want to learn to ﬂy a helicopter?
You want to learn to jump from a plane and sky dive?
You want got women or men?
There we go. Money!
You didn’t need to be good looking.
You need to get oﬀ your ass, get hthe knowledge, skill and money to then pay for
all the resources you need, which is out there to have a great exciting time.
I know because I do it and it wasn’t because of my looks.
It’s because I have high self worth inside me.
Mate, I got so much conﬁdence that even the extremely attractive girls will either
love it or think I am an arrogant bastard.
Either way, I don’t give a damn.
If ME is good enough for ME, it is good enough for everyone else, and if it’s not,
they can go screw themselves and that goes, for any attractive women who desire
to date and any guys who want to be my friend.
Believe in yourself and use what you got.
You don’t need to be good looking to achieve a lot in life, make the monies to
make your life a party. You need more important things you are missing right
now due to focusing on the wrong things.

All the best.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How did you accept the fact that you will never be with the one
you love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Fact?
It’s not a fact.
It’s an insecurity someone is going through and it is their concept that love is
enough. It is their own perception and that perception created their reality.
It can’t be fact because it happens in his or her life. I know it isn’t fact for me
because I won’t assume such state of mind in my life as I see my self worth is
high. I won’t ever be so foolish and naive and immature to think love is enough.
That I love someone and they are the only one I will ever love.
This is Disney. Hollywood. Romance novels. Plato and many stories of legends
which are myths.
I will never assume this about me for dating, for relationships, friendships,
business and other opportunities.
I don’t think if this client doesn’t say yes, I am done. I ensure I have plenty of
customers coming to me. I don’t assume every woman will desire me and feel the
way I feel. I ensure to qualify and then if nothing, move on to someone else. I
have many other women who I met and ﬁlter, screen.
I don’t think of “the one.” I don’t fall for the concepts of “soul mate.”
I don’t trap myself the way so many have and this is why I am happier than most
and this is why I date multiple women who have been dating me for 16 plus years
while those who talk about love are divourcing, cheating, having aﬀairs, players
are this and that - are dancing with this word called “love.”
No, I won’t do anything for someone who doesn’t love me back. I won’t travel the
seven seas like the song says. I won’t die for her. I won’t quit anything. I won’t
leave my dreams. I won’t do jack.
I don’t need to give up anything for someone who loves me. Nor do they need to
give up anything either. If anything, they gain much more and I gain much more
in their wisdom, in their compassion, kindness, loving, compatibility, seeing
them achieve their goals and dreams.
Such a person comes from this idea, concept that love is enough.
I don’t believe in this nonsense of behaving and acting like a victim. I am better
than that and of high self worth and high self image. I know people also when
they see what I mean realise their great potential in life.
They realise and see how they were societally programmed to believe in such
things which makes their hearts heavy with sorrow and pain.
All because they believe love is a property, ownership and that it is enough. They
ﬁnd themselves walking into the storm blindly. A storm ﬁlled with chemistry,
emotions and craving, desire, and attraction that can dissappear as fast as it
appeared if the person does not know how to build on it and nurture it.
Even then, people change, people grow, people experience and may fall out of
love and so if love is what a person thinks is enough - they are in trouble. They
will ﬁnd their hearts broken many a times and become bitter.

You won’t see me wasting any time on a woman if she doesn’t feel the same way
as I do. I’d move on and approach someone else because love is never enough.
There is more to do, more to learn and more both must appreciate regarding what
makes a relationship work.
Love is not all. It is part of it but there is a great deal more for a relationship to
work and love won’t be enough for it to make it work. It needs other ingredrient to
be in place.
There is a lot that needs to cover, from the other person must show intent as well,
must put eﬀort in, must be compatible, skills, knowledge, relationship
management, on and on.
But it starts with intent. Desire. Compatibilty.
Yes or No.
If no. Bye. Move on.
No sweet wallowing poetry of how life is over and how it is a fact.
I don’t throw the word love so easily to the wind to every woman I see or even one
woman. I go through a process and the ﬁrst puts eﬀort in and show me she is
interested in me when I have done so or we don’t move forward.
I walk. End of story and approach someone else.
Any who do throw love like it’s easy will ﬁnd it has it’s thorns. It has it’s treachery.
It has it’s jaws and claws to teach such people that it is not enough. If one makes it
so, love will turn into a monster that will bring so much pain you’d curse her for
all she suppose to be.
But love will say…
“You put too much on me! Like an animal. Pushing me so far when I needed other
things too. But you hurt me and so I will hurt you in ways you cannot imagine for
your foolishness and ignorance to treat me in that way. You didn’t even give me a
chance. I am not enough! I need more to help me grow and even then, who knows
what may happen.”
It might take many months for me to fall in love with a woman but I will, in time,
if she lets go of her own insecurities and the fallacies that has been socially
conditioned on society. If she lets go of her fears. If she let go of what cannot
happen no matter how far we are or the number of our ages within the consenting
legal laws, I will love her with all my heart and being, but I will have help. I have
knowledge, skill, mastery of relationship management and more, ready to help
me.
I do not believe this question as fact.
I create my own facts.
No woman will ever create it, not society and nor someone else’s failures and
perception about what love and dating is about. I will create my fact and my fact
says if a woman doesn’t show her intent to me, as I do to her, it’s over. I will
approach other women as I do not believe in the one.
I believe in the woman who says YES because she took the action to show she
believes in me and what can happen.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are the text messages a guy would text/say if they like
you? Would asking how you are be one?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait. They show if they like you by text?
Never did that.
If it was like online, and I connected with someone because they contacted me
then it be diﬀerent as there be a process, conversation and I’d put time in getting
to know her. Then I’ll be fun, ﬂirty, ask questions about her and lead it to one
helluva fantasy journey storytelling that makes the conversation fun.
If I am not into her, I’ll be the most boring guy she’d ever know and probably
leave with “why are men so damn boring like my boyfriend and ex boyfriend
and..”
So she will know but it be mostly because due to her contacting me in that way, it
is a deep connection, something about her at a deeper level I like about her, not
just physical attraction but her insight of who she is, what she’s into, what she
likes to achieve in life and if I ﬁnd this intriguing for me, I will fall for her because
let me say to you now - there are so many who don’t know what they want out of
life.
When you ﬁnd someone like that, well, it’s very refreshing, attractive and I am
very genuinely interested in such a person.
But text is diﬀerent as I gave my number to someone and they gave theirs to me.
Therefore, it be always be physical attraction.
It will always be me showing intent, very the start in me ﬂirting, behaving as a
lover not some platonic friend, which means..
I ﬁrst make my intention clear before I even get her number.
The text then is to build attraction that has already been created, and exists and
she knows it so, because she too as shown eﬀort in showing she’s into me, when I
approached.
Can’t be assed being a chump, taking girls numbers and text…text without the
intent is there because I’d be wasting my time.
I need to know from day one and so I will text, build attraction, be ﬂirty, and then
lead to phone and to dating her.
But hey, back in the day, guys had balls.
Looks like many today haven’t.
So since the intent wasn’t shown in begining, it’s all that looking for signs
bullshit and that is tough.
That means, one of you got to ﬁnd your backbone and lead, and say they are
interested, or ﬂirt, or be sexual etc.
But most won’t because they fear girls be oﬀended. You know how some up their
asses pretending not to be sexual human beings.
“OMG! He said this word to me. OMG!” Yawn.
One of you got to make the move or you emotional invest time and ﬁnd yourself
wasting a whole lot of emotions on nothing.
Or zoned so deep you cannot get out of that hole ever with the person ;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why does dating in 21st century America seem very ﬂawed?
Almost every girl that I date is very damaged and has no issue
lying and deceiving.

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be…
1. You attract who you are not what you want. So are you befriending
women who are in trouble? Are you trying to rescue women from some
past bad event they are talking to you about?
Are you being the emotional support guy and then when they are done,
you get pissed oﬀ because they don’t want anything else like dating you,
long-term comittment?
If so, stop doing that. Don’t emotionally invest in girls who complain,
bitch about their ex, use your time and then they leave you to go back to
them. So ﬁgure yourself out. Sort your mindset, your emotions out and
don’t fall for this white knight trap.
2. When dating, observe and ﬁnd out more about her. Look for how she
behaves with people, with staﬀ, with you etc. Listen to the red ﬂags. They
do appear and this is your gut instinct.
3. Most of all, don’t think all women are damaged because you are pushing
energy out there and drawing it in as well. You’ll attract such women but
also push women that are suited for you.
I have to admit, when reading many answers on Quora by some women, they
seem bitter, lost hope, lots of “these men are fuckboys,” and “my ex blah blah and
he was an arrogant bastard” and “not many good men around but hey, I am not
need of one and happy as I am BUT…..
So yes, there will be a lot of women I suppose you’ll meet like that but then again,
I know there are many I am talking right now, and they are great, wonderful to
chat to, and just, well, fun to know. I think we all have problems, we all have scars
and we all have something in us messed up, we all hid something but I feel you’re
attracting the wrong ones.
The better you get at ﬁltering early on, the better you’ll get to one who will be
compatible with you.
675 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sam Doyle

My husband truly shows he loves me but he lasts very little and
is not very passionate in bed, he says he knows he has a
problem and is working on it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to take him to a doctor or some clinic that specializes in testosterone
levels. Please take him there. It’s very important.
You may need to pay for this and once in a while, pay somethings to help his
testosterone level, that’s if it’s to do with testosterone.
But you won’t know until a check up is done.
So, ﬁrst, take him to a doctor, get him checked up and see if there’s anything up.
I’m sure your man won’t mind at all.
I have a feeling, his testosterone is very low.
But I am not a doctor, so best to take him to one. Also there is help for sexual
therapy but I so do feel this is something to do with his testosterone.
Have a talk with your man and if he’s ok about it, great. Book straight away and
you then can ﬁnd out what he can do.

All the best.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What percentage of young women like to date older guys (10-15
years older)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are diﬀerent types of young women. I’ll explain below but ﬁrst just a note,
that younger women where they legal age can date and have sex, (18–24) have the
lowest in being societally programmed.
That doesn’t mean all girls will desire to date older men. We have to take into
consideration their upbringing, the environment they were brought up, what
they learnt, who they associated with, their perception, where such perception
came from and many…many other factors.
As women get older, the social conditioning is much more, and so their
perception is now ﬁlled with lots of labels, social norms, traditions, religions,
myths, insecurities regarding their own sexuality, invention of modesty is forced
into their lives etc.
Lots of fears what their relatives, co-workers, friends and society will think.
All of which creates their belief systems, attitude, perception and perception then
becomes their reality until one day it is crushed, if they experience more out of
their comfort zone. That’s not easy to do for anyone, whether woman or man.
18–24 year old women will still have fears regarding these matters but not so
much they give a shit what others think and so they will do whatever, either
discreetly or openly.
Now on to the diﬀerent types of women.
I cannot give you detail statistics but I can give you from my vast experiences and
many older men I know who date younger women. We do not rely on mainstream
stats or news because it is full of shit and most of it is paid to continue to add to
societal programming.
Everything we once knew, we ﬁnd is very diﬀerent in our lives.
I can openly say, much of what many said, what I read, told when I travelled the
world, experienced much more than the average man and woman - I ﬁnd myself
utterly disgusted how society has been societally programmed.
Second, it is not about maturity and nor is it about some midlife crisis for men.
Something mainstream media and some women, and some men like to promote.
It is biological, psychological and psychological.
These three play a very important part as you will discover in your own personal
life if you’re willing to observe, without prejudice and judgment. Something
which at ﬁrst is diﬃcult to do due to how we have been socially conditioned.
Societal programms happens from the day we are born and never stops. It is a
constant battle. It continues until the end of our lives.
Now on to the percentages:
1. 50% young women type.
The ﬁrst type is younger women wouldn’t mind if they date older men if
he would ﬁrst show he desired her to a level she can tell. That means, the
man must have conﬁdence and put his middle ﬁnger up at society that
try to force feed their reality, with their screwed up faces and opinions
that no one asked for anyway. So he must take care of that problem by

being strong enough to show his interest and stand up for himself with
certainty.
She likes to date older men but it is still out of her comfort area or
comfort zone. That needs to be remembered. Percentage from
experience and from other older men (who date younger women and not
just write about the topic) is around 50%.
2. 20% young women
The next type of younger women are women strongly desire, and are
attracted to the older man. However, because of social conditioning,
much of the time she is forced to hide her desires as a secret from her
close friends, other friends, co-workers if she’s working and her family.
How many? 20% of young women or little less.
3. 30% young women
The next is the young women are do not want to date older men and are
also disgusted to date older men who are 4–10 years older than her. For
older men, it is a waste of his time and to not even try pursuing,
convincing anything.
It is not true that you need to be wealthy. It is not true that you shouldn’t have
your own children. I know men who are not wealthy (they have children from
previous marriage/relationships) and they date attractive young women and
some are 18 year olds and some are 23 year olds. This isn’t text book or coming
from my head. I live in this world and know these men.
In regards to being a bit chubby in the belly, again, not true.
Remember what I said. There is also a Psychological part about this. Some girls
date father ﬁgure types at unconscious level. I know guys who have bellies and
they are not wealthy and dating young women.
They don’t wear suits.
Some just wear clothes like shirt and Jeans and shoes, and nothing special.
However, dressing even more increases the chances for older men.
So contrary to what society and mainstream like most to believe, there is much
more to it than the biological and physiological. There is also the psychological
most don’t take into consideration.
As you can see above, not all young women want to or desire to date older men.
This is why some who experience something, they make it their perception and
then say you have to be this and that - or - no girl want to date older men because
“I didn’t feel like doing so.”
Not all women are the same.
Best bet is talk to men who date younger women and they can give you much
more details than most people can. Stay away from mainstream information too.
It’s full of nothing more than information paid to push and keep oiling the
societal programming most of the time machine.
Hope this helps for you to maybe look for more information from men who date
younger women.
6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some girls in their young 20s care so much about
strictly dating older guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Usually the excuse most girls and women give is because he’s rich and mid life
crisis which by the way, is a bullshit. I know plenty of girls aged 20 dating men
who are in their 40s and they are not in mid life crisis or own Ferraris.
Such thoughts comes from Societal Programming.
The reason why most not all girls, most young girls go for older men is due to the
Biological, Psychological and Phsyiological regarding this matter.
Has nothing to do with whether girls see older men as mature. I know many
women aged 40 and they are less mature than girls aged 18 years old. Same with
guys. Some guys aged 18 are more mature than 40 year old because of their
upbrining, being in hard times, having to look after all family, work in shops, look
after mum, sisters, brothers etc.
Any girl woman says that is saying it due to social conditioning. It is societal
programming. Perceptions from their own upbringing.
It doesn’t matter. It won’t change and it has been going on for decades. It’s not
new. It didn’t just happen. This has always happened but it’s not promoted in
mainstream except if someone’s a celebrity.
The only time mainstream would televise, report is when they want to grab
people’s attention by drama.
So why young girls are dating them?
This is why..and it’s a real post on a facebook and she even walks over and drops
something in front of him for him to make his move:

Very easy to understand..
1. Masculine. They are men who lead.
They are not teenage boys or men who fear and intimidated by rejection
or women. Nor do they follow the social norms, traditions. They are
Masculine men who live by their own rules while not breaking the law.
MASCULINE. Men. Who leads. Who shows perception he is of high value
than the girls because he leads, he does not wait, he doesn’t ask for
approval. He leads.
2. He knows how to dress. Sexual appeal.
He knows how to project his sexual appeal. It’s not this myth that all
young girls will only date older men. It’s not true. Some desire older men
but some don’t. But plenty that do desire him because he’s Masculine, he
leads, he is seen as high value as her and most of all he knows how to
dress in a way to show he has sexual appeal. He’s got class!
3. Certainty.
They got a life of their own, passion, purpose, opinions. They don’t hide
these to get into a girls pants like young lads who put girls on a pedestal
do. Many young guys haven’t even ﬁgured themselves and their life out,
never mind having purpose and passion. Older men of this level have
certainty, direction and clarity. This is attraction and hits at the girls
unconscious level in desiring certainty. Women love certainty. It’s
attractive.
4. They are rich in experience/feels safe.
Sit with such men and you can talk for hours on end with them and girl
won’t get bored. He can converse, time bridge conversations, banter and
challenge her while most guys will work to impress her and kiss her ass.
So he can make her feel secure and safe. He makes her feel that he won’t
judge her like society does. He makes her feel she can open uo sexually

with him, experience all and she won’t be judged.
Additionally, one of the fears young guys got is they fear talking to girls.
They fear she STOPS talking because the one thing guys always ask and I
know, because I am coach who gets this a lot..
“What do I say to girls? I get stuck so fast and don’t know what to say!”
Not so with older men who are naturals now in conversation, have
gained experience. Man, I can talk for hours on end, no problem. Weave
from one conversation to another because of experience, skill but also I
am interested in knowing the girl. I do want to know all about her. I
really like to ﬁnd what she is into, passionate about, what excites her,
what she doesn’t like, what she aspires to be. There so much to talk about
but younger guys just fear girls will stop talking and they got nothing to
say.
But also, older men know, it’s not really what you say but how you say it.
It’s about emotions, feelings and really deeply connecting with the girl.
It’s about listening and she knows the older men listen. She can feel his
wisdom, his experience, his thinking out of the box to even make he
wonder of things she never even thought of.
That is very attractive not just to young women but older too.
5. They have resources.
No, I don’t mean Ferraris. I mean they have lived, huge social network,
travelled the world, made connections and so, you won’t hear such men
of experience, not any man, but men of such calibre asking “where shall I
take a young girl.” They know where. They know how to give a good time.
They have the resources, connection and more than most young guys
have yet to acquire through living life.
6. They have experience in women.
They are very good at builing attraction, comfort phase and seduction.
Young lads haven’t got a clue on this. They focus on pick up lines, while
older men focus on building attraction, know hwo to build phase and
lead to seduction. It comes with lots of experience.
I haven’t even mentioned money or Ferraris as the reason why ;)
So it has nothing to do with mature or not. Chemistry doesn’t give a damn about
that. It’s biological, psychological and physiological.
355 Views · View Upvoters

Where should you take a teen girl on a date if you're an older
guy or should you skip the date and watch Netﬂix at your place
together?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You needed to have had some good conversations with her and ﬁnd out what
she’s into. I’m an older guy and I date younger women. So for me I ﬁnd out a lot
about the girl, get to know her even as in beginning stage if attraction and
comfort.
You don’t need to spend money and all that.
Even a walk and to check some places out is enough becasue it’s not the places
but really the experience of adventure, and the mood you create.
Places I took my dates to and they were young..

1. I found out one girl liked horse ride, traveling, likes sciﬁ and really big
into sciﬁ. So I got her to not wear anything fancy cause we are going
somewhere that needs walking. I took her to a Sciﬁ Museum and one of
them as had Doctor Who and some Star wars. She went nuts in a good
way. One of my friends works there so I got free tickets.
2. Then another she liked nature. Loved animals, nature, and so, even on
the ﬁrst date I took her to check some awesome walks, amazing park,
with lots of weird exotic animals. I couldn’t stop her kissing me, she was
happy.
This is when we have already built intimacy, dating for sometimes etc
cetre:
3. I discovered from this girl never traveled anywhere in world. It was
always in same country she is in. Her parents were so busy and wealthy
but they’d never took time to take her with them on travels. 18 year old
and she moved on. So after we dated, got intimate and all, I got her to
write in calendar for some travels. Took her to places around the world
within 2 weeks. 3 countries. Opened her eyes and it helped her to also
decide what she wanted to do. Be a writer on tourism and travel herself,
while doing the paintings. She ditched being a lawyer as she was only
doing that for her parents and now living doing what she loves to do.
Travels and paints, writes.
Netﬂix I’d leave for another time. You can if you wish make it for ﬁrst date but it
always has sexual connected to it. I only do that if I want sex as well. Hey, being
honest and I’m not known for bullshitting girls or anyone else.
First I like them to experience fun, adventure and get to check their world out as
well as mine. It doesn’t need much money. No resturants or movies in cinema in
ﬁrst dates because it kills the communication, mood, too many people around
and just creates awkwardiness.
There are fundamentals to remember:
1. Attraction phase will still be there when you go on ﬁrst date but it is also
a time to build comfort. How much comfort you build depends on what
has happened throughout interaction. I cannot say for you and girls you
date personally. It takes experience. Not enough comfort though and you
will ﬁnd it very diﬃcult to move to next phase, label you as a player
when you shift to seduction. Too much comfort and you’re a pussy, a
timid, passive guy where she will frame in her mind to not be sexual
with.
2. You cannot just focus comfort. If you just put so much eﬀort and all of it
in making her feel safe, comfortable without creating sexual tension to
make her desire you in that way, and the way in which you created when
in the attraction phase, she will get bored. She will smile, talk and all that
but really she is bored and you’ll loser her. However, if you create too
much tension, raising it’s far too high when you haven’t built enough
comfort then you create the awkwardiness. It makes the dating so out of
place, awkward and ruins any attraction and comfort you have built up.
3. This one is where so many guys and girls mess up in. You’re dating. It’s
not a friend going out together. It is dating and so, you need to escalate
with using touch (Physical conversation).
Why?
It prepares for the seduction phase.

Imagine if you both didn’t touch, didn’t hold hands, didn’t kiss, then
when you do try to be sexual it is very awkward. It feels so out of place.
There wasn’t any gradual process. The emotions wasn’t heighten and nor
where there any eﬀort to move away from being platonic.
You cannot create build on attraction and comfort in this way. You ﬁnd
moving from non-sexual to sexual comes with lots of resistence and it
just doesn’t make sense to her and you. It is harder to shift from comfort
to seduction if there hasn’t been any physical intimacy. It sets you and
her up for collosul failure. You want her to feel comfortable as well she
desires to be sexual with you because you want her to enjoy too. You
want to also feel it’s natural and enjoy such sexual intimacy too.
So make sure, in beginning you’re playful, fun when you approached. You also
don’t let it go but also build comfort when you do date, while walking, checking
places out as you use Physical conversation like stroking her back, converse as
you massage her kneck, lead her through busy crowds with your hand, use your
hands to shift her to areas when holding her waiste (when opening door and
walking in a place). Assume she is your girlfriend and behave as a lover not
friend.
The places are not as important as knowing the process of attraction,
qualiﬁcation where she works to show eﬀort she’s into you, comfort where she is
so comfortable to be sexual with you, which will make seduction feel natural and
ﬂows with her desiring it so as well as yourself.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I've been seeing a guy for 3 months, things are great between us
but now he's talking to another girls. Do I have right to ask him
about it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“He’s talking to multiple girls.”
And?
What’s the problem? So he can’t talk to girls?
Planet is full of guys and girls, so of course he’s going to talk to lots of girls. It’s
called socialising, having fun, making friends, probably ﬂrting for fun too but
that’s ﬁne.
Nothing wrong with it.
He’s not like ﬂirting with girls in front of you and ignoring you, is he? Hes hasn’t
hooked up with a girl and made out?
He’s having fun, talking to girls. He’s a….guy. We all do it.
Diﬀerent if he is like going for them for romance, sex, dating and all that. So
probably you need to be clear in the details you’re giving with the question.
I thought you was going to say he was dating this other girl behind your back. Or
he cheated on you or something like that. Or he made out with some girls and you
found out and saw it with your own eyes.
If it’s not that then let go of the fears of abandonment.
Don’t bottle things inside and have a talk with him.
It’s normal for him to talk to multiple girls and it’s normal to have a chat with
them and share your feelings but dont start setting some ultimatumns and

making it some big deal out of it.
It is also normal for you to talk to lots of guys, mingle, socialise and be friends
with them. You also need to build your own social network.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you, or have you, contacted an ex from many years ago
just to get closure? If there is a better way around this, I'm open
to suggestions.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can share what I did years ago. I was in my 20’s.
I walked into the house, sat down and took a deep breath.
Then I let her have it. Yes, I told her everything. I went for the jugglar. I digged so
deep, that if it was you, and with way I know how to talk, you’d be on your ﬂoor
wishing the earth swallowed you up.
So much so you wish you was burning in hell if such a thing exist. I used every
damn thing to make each word burn.
Then I stopped just to think if there is anything else.
There was!
I went full on.
No mercy, whatsover. I bloody laid into her with all I could muster. Told her
straight. That’s right. Banged my ﬁst on table I did.
Then when I was done.
Got up, walked outside to my garden and…
Burnt the letters in a steel trash can.
Fuck closure
All you be giving is the satisfaction to that person you carried it with you all that
time and inﬂate their ego.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is your favorite Greek myth?
Adam Taha, I read a lot about diﬀerent Mythologies, Universe and stars
Answered Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me, it is Prometheus. He is also called Promitheas.
Bad ass dude.
One of the Titans. The one who cared about humanity. He tricked Zeus by asking
him to choose between two oﬀerings.
1. Beef hidden inside ox stomach
2. Or bones wrapped in glistening fast
And so the methology story goes when humans had to sacriﬁce to the gods; the
humans kept the meat for themselves and gave the bones to the gods.
But this got Zeus angry.
Zeus decide to hide ﬁre from humans as punishment. Prometheus didn’t give up
on the humans. He stole the ﬁre and gave it back to humanity.

The shit got real!
Zeus punished Prometheus by having having him locked down, chained to a rock
for an Eagle to eat his liver during the day. The liver would regenerate in a Doctor
Who fasion during the night for Prometheous go through it again and again.
He was later saved by the Hercules.
922 Views · View Upvoters

Is it unfair that most guys don't date older women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most guys who are older will attract younger women because the value of an
older guy is high. In his knowledge, his experience, maturity, resources and even
the conversation skills it’s much fun, has depth.
They have lived. They can relate easily to younger or older women. That’s
experience for you and they won’t be worried what to say or run out of what to
say.
I’m talking about men who got their shit together.
You can’t stop young women desiring older men. It happens. I have seen it a lot
and I date young women too.
It’s not about fair or what’s not fair.
People want to date who they want. It’s their choice and some girls wait until they
got the freedom to do so, and date such men.
Fair has nothing to do with it.
839 Views · View Upvoters

Me and my girl have been in a relationship for the past 7 years.
Though the relationship was good and strong she cheated on
me twice and got hurt herself. She is back with me again and I
still love her more than anyone in this world. Should I get over
this and act normal with her as before?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once, ok. Maybe you can forgive
Twice. Shame on you.
Thrice. You’re so asking for it and need to sort out your own insecurities.
You know what this tells her?
“I can fuck this guy over, time and time again. He’s so a push over. A nice guy. He
will take me back again and again, because he got my pussy up on a pedestal.”
This is why Nice Guys get hammered.
They do not learn from life. They so slow to get it. Life gives them a red ﬂag and
still, they don’t wake up.
Normal? Act normal?
You are kidding me?
This is then least of your worries.
Taking a girl back who cheated on you twice times is asking for it. It’s insecurities
where you fear being alone. When you feel your self worth is so low, you let girls
do that to you.

You need to wake up.
She knows she can psychologically seduce you to be very passive, timid, and just
let her back in again and again.
You really think this is going to go anywhere?
You will always wonder when she will cheat on you again. You will always lose
with this relationship in the end and because you don’t know your own self
worth. You don’t build your resources and approach more girls, you don’t have
standards, boundaries and a thing called self respect.
Forgive if you like but let her go.
No more relationships for you until you ﬁgure out how to be emotionally strong.
From now on, you’re goal is focusing on you, your social skills, your dating skills
to date girls who are of high value, who are more attractive so you can see you can
do so, and realise, you can do much better.
Because the only reason you let her back in is due to your neediness.
You got no options. You feel you can’t attract other girls and do better. End it,
start all over again and get real with yourself.
20 Views · View Upvoters

Can someone explain the logic behind a girl telling me that she
can’t be with me because I ‘know more about her than most and
she has a lot to hide’?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It goes like this:
1. You become the knight
2. She becomes the fragile princess
3. You date her for a few months and become this passive guy not a lover
type. The nice guy but she in other hand is a melodramtic drama queen
and she shows that later on with you for ﬁnal scene.
4. Month or so later, a big drama scene happens. It’s for the breakup. So the
scene is acted and she dissappears and you end up confused.
5. After a month or so of her dissappearing she contacts you again. It’s not
for show of interest. It is a show for attention. The pleading, victim
princess who must wallow in her lonliness. A ﬁnal cry and she will now
reverse the characters in which she is the hero and she is saving you from
her. That you must miove on, save other princess because she is gone,
taken by the Ogre to never return again. The magic spell of the Evil
Wizard is too strong and so you must come to save her. She tells you to
move on, let go and she will suﬀer the plight of her never ending fairy
tale story.
6. In other words, she got bored of you and her. Too much comfort. Too
much of a platonic friend boyfriend type. She’s not into serious
relationship and more into something else (see point 7)
7. She has met some guy, a badboy and he is banging her every night and
he isn’t falling for the princess crap. He isn’t always available for her and
this is the guy she gets hooked with because he’s more drama than her,
more exciting, gets her chemicals going and dissappears when she acts
some melodramatic scenes and she ﬁnds she can’t control him and make
him passive like she did with other guys. That excites her. This gets her

hooked with this guy. He isn’t going to save her. He’s not going to be the
Therapist. This guy ﬁgured out girls like this.
So move on because the story and chapter of the Therapist and Patiant is over.
The fairy tale in her mind with you is closed.
She’s on another trip, another story and seeking attention elsewhere.
She’ll try it on once in a while, sending some attention seeking message but don’t
take it seriously. Ignore her. Show the “princess” or the “patiant” you’re playing
doctor with someone else by ignoring her. That her game is up.
So ignore her completely. That’s what you do with drama queens who desire to be
patiants to get attention.
When you know the diﬀerent types of girls and the psychological and biological
why they do things, you will never take time with them and run as far as you can
because they are emotionally draining.
Many of them have abandonement issues and so, they never last in relatonships.
Last sometimes a few months, maybe 6 months and they dissappear with a
orgasmic, collusul of a break down scene.
Leaving the average guy perplex.
Stay away from her. She’s an attention seeker.
What we call the Drama Queen.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend has cheated on me with another guy, but now she
said she wants me, but she can't give any eﬀort. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight..
1. For 4 years she had feelings for another guy
2. She cheated once.
3. You broke up
4. She looks for him
5. She can’t give any eﬀort
6. And you ask what should I do?
Tell me something.
What is it you don’t get?
You can’t see all that and know to run as far as you can from her?
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is not perverted but I am what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you like sex and she doesn’t, and she’s not much into ﬂirting etc, well, she’s not
compatbile. Love is not enough. You’re going to ﬁnd yourself unhappy in time to
come and such things will lead to complications later.
If love was enough she be ok about sex and go with it. She isn’t because love
isn’t enough. Compatibility is an attitude and she hasn’t similar attitude to

work with you to be sexual and sexual ﬂirt/tease/banter.
So love isn’t enough. You’re not compatible.
Best to be with someone who is same, sexual, into ﬂirting etc.
I personally won’t be with a woman if she is not sexual and if she takes jokes as
pervasion. It isn’t to me. So if it is for woman I am attracted to, I won’t date her. If
I am dating her and she behaves as such, we’re not compatible.
I move on. Life is too short.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it right to love a younger guy and plan to marry him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is nothing wrong with younger dating older woman, Older dating a
younger woman. Same goes for romance, love etc. Of course, legal age and all
that.
Just don’t be too hasty.
Take time to know each other and see compatibility.
Marriage is a serious thing and it has lots of legal attached to it too. If you’re into
each other, happy, got to know each other, sorted.
That is a decision for both of you anyway.
Asking others tells me there’s lack of maturity because no way in hell will I ask if
it’s alright to date, have sex or marry someone from strangers.
I can make my own decisions.
If you have to ask, you’re not ready.
893 Views · View Upvoters

Everytime we go out we make out, but she won't leave her
boyfriend for me. What does she really want?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dude, you seriously don’t get what’s going on?
You have been psychological seduced to be passive-timid. Being the romantic
therapist nice guy.
1. You are the emotional support.
He is the sex and he is the one who she complains about but then goes to
him and rides him, all time. But you, she will never, ever have sex with
you. You are the platonic side boyfriend. The emotional support dude.
The platonic boyfriend who never gets laid.
2. You fell for the white knight trap
This by far is one of the things Nice Guys are known for. They fall victim
to this idea they are saving the fragile princess. You are following the
Disney, Hollywood script.
The white knight who must save her from the evil king, who locks her up
to let her wander the forest to come back to him, due to his evil spell
powers. One hand she is with the evil king who pounds her every night in
the tower then juggles the white knight for emotional support, sympathy,
a shoulder to cry out. It’s attention seeking. The only time a girl ever goes

with the white knight is in the movies and children cartoon animated
movies.
Yes she knows it.
She isn’t going to leave her boyfriend for you.
Why would she do that?
He is the Masculine, the man, and you is the nice guy, the romantic guy, who
whispers sweet words, kiss..kiss….kiss…and hold hands but that is it. She will get
bored of you soon when you get real serious with her.
Moment you do that, she will dissappear from you.
She will always go back to him because the nice guy cannot give her what she
wants.
Drama. Excitement. Masculinity. Pounding sex.
You’re still on kiss..kiss phase for two months. So she knows, she cannot be a
sexual woman with you. You give her the emotional support as you fall for her
crying, about the evil king boyfriend but that’s it.
It’s not going to go anywhere else.
Moment you get serious and push it, it will all change.
She’ll go right back to him OR she will meet some guy similar to him, and date
him, and ride him too.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do birds laugh?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most of the sounds bird make is either for territorial. For example the laughing
kookaburras is known to give such a sound. Though when I hear such birds, I
sometimes wonder why they call them laughing kookaburras because it doesn’t
sound at all like human’s laughing. But there we go.
When the bird laughs, other birds join.
If such birds hear a reply from other tribes, then they ﬂock together to give a
laughing sound which is again, it’s function is territorial
Video below gives more details on these birds..

761 Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so diﬃcult to win womens heart?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t win a woman’s heart.
You learn how to make her feel, you arouse her, you capture her emotions, you
ignite her fantasy and lead her fantasy. You don’t win her heart. You set it on ﬁre!
The excitement, the feelings of certainty, the boldness, the pulsating of her
chemicals kicking oﬀ as she feels her legs tremors while pretending she isn’t. If
you look closly, her pupiles widens, her tongue licks her lips and she opens like a
ﬂower, willingly because her desires cannot be contained anymore as you bring
her closer.
You don’t win a woman’s heart. It’s not a trophy.
She’s a living, breathing, biological, pyschological and physiological life. A billion
pathways, chemicals, values, passion, memories, and emotions that if a man
knows how to, she will open up willingly for such a man.
You don’t win her heart. You set it on ﬁre.
;)
310 Views · View Upvoters

A guy told me that he had a crush on me, but when I asked him
if he wanted to be my boyfriend, he said he needed time to
think about it. What now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People do all sorts due to emotions. Feeling good is one of then. Having others
see him talk to a girl is another i.e. social status. Showing oﬀ to others who are
looking to show girls are interested in them.
This is something done in night clubs and I have seen it done in high school
when I was a teenager.
But don’t assume anything.
If he is not making a move, don’t assume he’s into you. Don’t build some story in
your head. He doesn’t deserve that as he hasn’t really put any eﬀort for that type
of a connection. So guard your feelings until he shows intent. Until he verbally
says he is attracted to you and he does something about it.
Don’t wait.
Keep socialising, mingling with guys and if one appears and you are attracted to
him, go for it. The other guy is entitled to nothing. He didn’t follow through and
he said he doesn’t know, so it’s not worth even bothering with.
You want certainty not a guy who doesn’t know what he wants and is not
Masculine enough to decide now, if he is attracted to you in that way - and - is
proactive in taking the actions necessary.
So don’t waste your time with guys who say, “I don’t know.”
See it as it’s not good enough of answer for you. You got better things to do than
wait for guys who don’t know what they want.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people say they don't want to date a person who is
insecure? We are all insecure to some degree.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We all have some insecurity at some level. Yes.
But….when you’re dating someone who is making their insecurity a pain in the
ass, doing it all the time. It’s really emotionally draining.
I’ll give you an example from real life experiences.
I dated this girl, white British. I invited her once to my relatives house. So here we
are at my mums house and I’m the eldest. Guests have come and they come with
5 very attractive Arab girls. Me, I’m not into Arab girls. It’s why I date outside my
culture because there is too much drama. I seriously mean drama.
So since my sisters weren’t in house, I made sure they are welcome. Made some
food for all, as I can cook and said for my mum to just sit with them. No worries.
I’ll sort everything. So I did food, did the drinks tea etc. The girls are sitting
kitchen talking with me and this girl I am dating starts it. I am down understairs
and she’s having a go, Jealousy. I tell her, this is not the time and place for this.
Wait till we get home we can talk. This was not the ﬁrst time either.
Now she done this in my mums house.
Next day, I broke up with her. Enough was enough.
I really was into this girl but she she was very insecure and let her own
insecurities control her life.
Same with another girl. This time she is living out of country. Long distance but
she knows I do date multiple women. I am not Monogamous.
All is well but then drama happens. Every time she is creating drama. She
thought I was going to put up with it. She’d create scenes like a immature child.
Always wanting attention. If I don’t text for one day or two, she’s at it again.
So she’ll create a scene and..
“You don’t care”
And she’d create the event, the scene to say these kind of things. I explained to
her a few times already I don’t like drama. I don’t like games.
But no. She kept doing it.
Not only that. Her thoughts much of the time was negative. Always questioning if
we ever will meet. I mean, we were going to meet sooner. It was only a few
months or so. Not years. Always talking about her doubts regarding us.
I felt she was insecure about being in a relationship, insecure about her sexuality,
and it was emotionally draining. If she is like that now, then what happens later if
I emotionally invest anymore?
She does another scene and now I want an apology.
I get “sorry” and no explaination until…
She writes me this long message and admits she’s a drama queen and expects me
to take it. I needed a proper, straight up sincere apology from her but instead I get
“sorry.” She wasn’t sorry. She knew my mum just died as well. And knew I was at
funeral and she’s texting me how she is having a party, getting drunk blah blah.
It was all about herself.
Now I knew, she was an attention seeker, a Narcissts who only cares about herself.
Enough is enough. Blocked her on every social media channel and also on my
phone.

So when it keeps happening, when they continue to let their own emotions take
control, Jealousy and Posessives, attention seeking, their sexuali insecurities as
well; I am not going to handle it. They need to handle their shit not me.
I move on.
I have some insecurities, we all do but I know how to control them. I know how to
balance things out. I am always working on myself. I am trying to always get
better at a lot of things and it’s not easy.
I know about my insecurities but I don’t let it become a problem. I am self aware
about it. I put a lot of time, eﬀort, money, training my mind and to be that way.
That is why I avoid such people who have displayed such insecurities so often. I
don’t want them near me or people I know.
I don’t want them in my life.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zane Stackhouse

How can writers fall in love with ordinary people?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I write and I do so because I love it and for a living, with also arts, graphic design,
marketing combined. I don’t date women because they are writers or because of
what they do as a career or passion.
I am attracted to women on their looks ﬁrst and then compatibility, and other
things which doesn’t include if she reads tons of books or writes.
I don’t also date women who are trying to ﬁt in with everyone, who are worried
about what society thinks of them and who is up her ass with insecurities
regarding sex, and her sexuality. I am far too gone and older, to even bother with
that crap. I’m not patient about such things anymore.
So there are more important factors I look for. Yes, I love sex but I need to date
someone who has some special quality about her, unique, and has this kindness
quality, compassion, loving, sexual and yet feminine, caring. Someone who I see
and she’s smiling big, and makes me feel great when with her.
I’m not that bothered about if she writes, if she reads lots of books, paints and all
that. More about how she makes me feel when she’s with me.
Chemicals don’t go razy for me because “Oh she writes books.”
:)
5 Views · View Upvoters

What do you guys think about tall guys having short
girlfriends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think girls attracted to guys who are taller than them and guys atttracted to girls
shorter than them - are dating. I don’t think anything else about it.
Not odd or weird at all.
One of my girlfriends is shorter than me but I also got girlfriends taller than me. I
don’t care if people think it’s odd.
Not my problem what society thinks or what someone thinks.

If I did feel that then girl better be walking away from me, because I won’t have
the balls to stand up to what I want due to worry what society thinks. She’d ﬁnd
herself with a very insecure, social conditioning, seeking acceptance from
society, type of guy. That kind of guy isn’t much to trust if that’s his bench mark
to life.
My bench mark is do whatever I want and not worry or think much on what
society thinks. I am attracted also to tall and short.
Many guys like short girls. Many girls like tall guys.
If they both into each other, good for them. All the best to them :)
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Men who get around and have dated various women OR men
who dated 1 of these - is it hard to date a girl who thinks she’s
priceless?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - I am Priceless
Me - Oh you can be bought?
Woman - No I mean Priceless
Me - Yeah, I know. You’re price is less. So how much for a….
Woman - OMG! No, I meant Priceless
Me - Everything has it’s price. You keep saying yours is less. I don’t do less. I pay
escorts about $900 when I want to just have sex. I’m sure you’re not here right
now, talking to me for sex, are you?
Woman - No!
Me - Glad to hear it. It’s quite common but please, understand I am shy guy
(grinning)
Woman - Hahaa. You’re not shy
Me - Ok semi shy
Woman - Not even that
Me - Ok you got me. I am a conﬁdent man like you is a conﬁdent woman but
there’s conﬁdent and there’s stupidity. Which one are you. Conﬁdent or Price
Less ;)
In other words mate, don’t take women serious when they say that. They have so
much insecurities as men do too. Maybe even more. Who knows ;)
Be Masculine. Meaning, don’t let it bother you. Have fun with it. Tease the hell
out it. Be that guy who shows he is way more up in value and doesn’t need to say
he’s priceless.
You don’t say your value.
You behave it.
She has a lot to learn.
Be the teacher by being fun. Tease the heck out of it to show you’re not like most
guys who is going to kiss her ass ;)
In other words, slam her shit test hard and let it crumble on the ﬂoor. Then smile,
walk away and leave her happy, knowing she didn’t meet a chump.
She met someone who makes James Bond look like a wet salad on a bad day. No, I
do not know what a wet salad on a bad day looks like. I was just show…ah forget it.
You know what I mean :)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Does it make me look bad if I've been single for ﬁve years?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not at all.
It does look bad when you ask other people, because you’ve been single for ﬁve
years. That shows you have insecurities and seeking validation from society
because it might look bad due to some mystical rules.
It shows you don’t know yourself, lack certainty and seem to have done it because
you had no choice or something.
Make a decision. Own it.
Fuck what anyone else thinks.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I slept with my personal trainer but he's interested in someone
else, should I pursue this or move on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe that’s why he is interested in someone else. He is looking for maturity and
leadership, where one understands if someone is interested in someone else, they
know the answer is very clear - to move on.
You seem to not know this in your life at this moment to ask others what to do.
Not like you’ve got a choice.
Or you can sit on him until he says, “Ok! Ok! I want you.”
Just in case….move on.
959 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend just told me that she thinks I only want her for
sex. How do I show her that I love her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Build comfort for deeper connection.
1. Here’s how…
- Take her out in week. Instead of meeting in house and sex, call her and
tell her you’re taking her out. If she asks where, don’t tell her. Just tell her
to dress up. Let her know the dress code. Like,
“Just dress up because we’re going to a night club.”
“Just dress up, we’re going to a resturant,.” You’re not saying where but
you giving her ample time to feel comfortable in what she wants to wear.
She knows in advance what the scence and vibe going to be.
“We’re going to see some friends at a party.” She doesn’t know which
friends and where the party is. You will lead her. No need to give lots of
details. Be unpredictable.
- Take her out on activities like cinema and then later to some hot quick
meal. Then a walk and talk with each other. Get to know each other.
- Take her out in saturday or whatever, to go through shops. You don’t

have to buy anything. It’s you and her having fun, checking places out
and sharing what you’re into and what she is into.
- Take her out to meet your friends. So get some activities with friends or
if you hear friends going to bar or whatever, take her with you and
introduce her to your friends.
- Take her to meet you’re relative ONLY if you’re very serious about her.
And if they not around, no problem. Just do things outside with her.
- Even watching a moving with a hot drink, no sex but cuddles. So she
feels you desire her not just sext.
- Talk with her about your passion. Tell her stories of experiences, fun
ones too and ask her questions if she had such experiences, or if what
happened to you has happened to her. Find our more about her as she
ﬁnds out more about you.
In other words, comfort is building a deeper connection between each
other. Let her not hear you talk about it but experience it with you.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I date Justin Bieber?



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOk-2R1lO3s

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is a diﬀerent social dynamics.
Justin Bieber has options so anyone who says he pursues women is ignorant how
it works in this social dynamics. If you got fame then the rules have changed.
You’re “normal” in the society image and so a girl who isn’t famous, with tons of
money, with parents is going to be on here asking how to date Justin Bieber.
You’d already know the routine on how it goes. You’re not in the IN CROWD of
that level and therefore the game is up for you.
It’s over before you even started.
It’s nothing more than fantasy.
Girls also have psychological process in which if they see values they desire, they
go for it. This guy has options, lots of options so he doesn’t need to chase anyone.
The girls come to him. You are not going to get guys like him chasing you.
Dream on.
Example and this is from real life experience. I’m in the music industry and work
with promoters, djs, producers, recording studios.
1. If a girl goes to a normal night club, then guys will pursue her. That’s the
dynamics on how it goes there. Usual crap and even then, if a guy is
smart he’d know promoters, dj’s, have some social circle inﬂuence
because most girls who are attractive don’t go alone, so it’s diﬃcult to
take a girl from her friends. He needs to use the Pre-selection attraction
concept to a level or he will have to do what most guys do. Approach her.
2. If a girl goes to a high VIP night club, it is still the same but it is much
easier for the guys to attract these girls because the message here is these
girls are here to get caught by these guys. They dress very sexy, I mean
real deal cleavage out, and showing the ﬁgures, and near the guys. Even

if they are with friends, they are going for it. If the guy is a promoter
himself then it even easier for him and he’ll have 4 girls or so around him
because the girls get invited by…him to these VIP night clubs while the
guys pay more which isn’t some $5 piece entry fee. It’s much more.
That goes for girls too who arrive late. Pretty or not, they will have to pay
for coming in late but if they have about 10 attractive girls with them,
then maybe, the promoter will let them in as it’s good for business, the
vibe and to attract the guys. Word spreads there’s lot of extremely
attractive girls and so guys hear about it and visit to check it out.
3. If a girl goes to the Party Game, then the rules change. Party Game is
where you ﬁnd pop singers, promoters, top DJs, also people who are
Popular, in that crowd. There will be rich folks there. So Justin as an
example will already be brushing with some dad who is famous and a
dad who has a daughter. This is how these guys and girls meet.
It’s not like these guys approach the girls or girls approach the guys, and
you got some pathetic game, subtle hints. This is full on, on your face
behaviour. They know the stakes are high here and so trying to make
someone guess is only going to make some rich guy or famous guy pissed
oﬀ. He’s not going to bother with her.
When a girl goes there, they go for sex. The guys knows this too. They
ﬁrst meet at a large house, with swimming pool, not a night club. They
eye up each other, they know who is going to go with who and who is
going to sleep with who.
Then they all get in their cars to go to a much bigger house with a bigger
swimming pool where the drinking, music, drugs, are happening. The
girls are all over these guys. It’s all on. No inhibitions and guys like
Justin, and others will be there. It’s a close tight nit community and not
easy to get in except if you know someone in there. I have experienced all
these 3 worlds. Very diﬀerent rules and so, if a girl ain’t rich, isn’t
famous, isn’t a brand, isn’t EXTREMELY attractive…. forget it.
You won’t get close to dating this guy. They don’t date down. They date
upwards and same with girls. They don’t date down but upwards. Even
their songs sings all the stuﬀ about love, sincerity blah blah - it’s all to
make money. They know as the record labels know girls believe in the
fantasy, the fallacies/myth regarding love and they know many break up,
and they know their pain and what makes them happy. That is why you
see many songs on the themes about guy met girl, girl meets guy, girl
breaks up with guy, guy breaks up with girl, and so on sells big.
There will be some ﬂirting but the game, the who is going with who is
already sorted way ahead. Very diﬀerent rules. They don’t play by the
social norm rules and traditions where girls get chased. Very diﬀerent
social dynamics altogether.
8 Views · View Upvoters

What does liking your own Facebook status updates say about
you?
Adam Taha, I use facebook like I'm painting a story on a canvas
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It says I am risk taker, creative, lover type and I own my sexuality, without
worrying what society or anyone thinks. Rebel/Outlaw personality and
consistent.

This as a screen shot of my latest facebook status…

If you look at topics I focus on Quora you’ll see it shares same values. 99% it is
about dating, relationships and other it be about some other interest I have i.e.
arts, business, marketing.
Also if you look at the header of my Time Line Cover, you see the same values.
The illustration done by me (creative), the image shows I am a lover and it is in a
sense saying, I own my sexuality and really don’t worry about social pressure or
what social norms/tradtions say.
I am me. Rebel….who does it for the feeling.

When I have my website done as well, it will be consistent, and so will later on
other social media platforms in time. Gradually tighten things up.
Makes it also a lot easier for women into guys like me to ﬁnd me and they know
exactly what I am and what’s on oﬀer. Same for people looking for my expertise
skills too. Has made it a lot easier.
Consistency.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you determine whether to go for a kiss on a date?
Should it be on the 1st or 2nd date, or later? Especially, if you
are going out with someone you don't know well. What clues do
you look for? What are the acceptable norms?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Understandable, that there is a lot of confusion regarding this matter. Mostly
because of the socially conditioning, social norms, traditions and lack of
experience.
I like to share a diﬀerent perspective from real life experiences. I want to explain
why before I answer the “how to.”
Because wouldn’t you like to remove this awkardiness?
Wouldn’t you like the woman to put eﬀort in and show clearly she desires
you?
Wouldn’t you like to remove the part of looking for signals and know
100% so you can just focus on her?
Wouldn’t you like to go for the kiss and anything really, with 100%
knowing she desires it?
If yes, then continue reading…
You are focusing on the wrong thing and in doing so, you are doing the mistake
most men do. You ask the wrong questions.
You do not focus on how to get to kiss her.
You do not focus on how to get to hold her hand.
You do not focus on how to even get have sex with her.
You focus on this process…
1. What state of mind do you need her to be in?
2. How do you get her to this state of mind?

3. What is the step by step process?
4. Put it place and get good at it, tweak it, until it works for you
Don’t guess. There is a process.
The key is about her feelings. How do you help her to become comfortable within
the intial stages, physical touch as well later on the sexual stages.
The reason the awkwardiness is there is because the intial approach is
focusing how to get some instead of how to make her FEEL aroused, more
attracted to you, increasingly desiring you and engaging with you all the
way from beginning and right to seduction, and onwards.
Look at the root cause.
The issue is you are playing safe and when you play safe from the beginning then
it is creating awkwardness.
You are putting obstacles in her way and your way. You are making it diﬃcult for
her to be open and be a Natural Woman and for you as well to be yourself. You’re
not letting go due to fear of losing her.
Some understanding why you lead…
Women by nature do not lead when it comes to dating. Only women who do that
are either know how to tap into the masculine or have had experience, which gave
them insight, conﬁdence to go for what they desire.
They are not worried about being judged as too easy, sluts or whores which are
labels vomited on society and which society has took it upon themselves to use
on women and men. So there’s a lot social pressure for women to let go due to
wondering if the guy will judge her.
So you need to lead with certainty.
If you dilly dally then you are not certain of you and women love certainty.
Certainty is very powerful because women desire certainty in much of what they
do. The communication, the work, the shopping, the caring and who to date has
an unconsciousness pointing towards certainty.
The way they ask.
“What are we?”
The way they want to know if this is a relationship or causal sex. Even if a woman
desires casual sex, nothing wrong with that - she desires certainty. She needs to
know this is a man who is not going to judge her, talk about things that tells her
he’s not a lover but a serious relationship type.
Same when a woman wants a relationship and she is observing man’s behaviour
and how he says it, to assess if he’s a relationship type of guy.
Certainty. If you don’t show it, she will be uncertain about you. This is why girls
say to the guys..
“You date me for sex and nothing else, isn’t it?”
That’s because his behaviour told her that. He didn’t build comfort. He always
meets her once/twice a week and they stay in house to have sex. He doesn’t ask
about her life, her passion, her goals, communicate together to get to know her.
He doesn’t take her out, she hasn’t met his friends and so forth.
So girls start ﬁlling the gap with a million thoughts, trying to look for certainty
and discover there isn’t any and question the guy like that.

So don’t focus on what determines the kiss and all that.
Focus on creating the emotions inside her and behave as a man who is into her.
Assume early frame. Escalate in behaviour, conversation on text, phone before
you meet to remove awkwardiness and for her to be certain you’re a guy who has
sexual experience and ability to lead.
Focus on getting her excited, be fun, playful, from day one and escalate in your
conversatin by leading with fun type Future Projections. You are at the attraction
stage so you don’t be serious but be fun and yet sexual in an indirect
way/sometimes direct way.
You are missing this..
Early Framing.
You need to frame way back.
1. From the approach in showing your intent. Playful, fun, physical touch
conversation like it’s part of the conversation.
2. On transition conversation, you again frame it not as platonic, but
attraction, by early future projection on what will happen but not in a
serious way but fun, playful way. Women know when you do that you are
showing sexual interest but in a indirect way and without making it
awkward for her. She then can engage in the role play with you. Role play
is an art, a skill and don’t worry if you need practice. If she gets oﬀended
keep your frame strong and say..
“Whoa! Why are you so serious?”
“I’m not.”
“Look. Are you having fun?”
“Yes.” She says
“Then let’s go with that.”
This is called Re-Framing.
Don’t be apologetic about being a man who desires her. It’s not you who
has then insecurities. She has it because of her reaction. So your frame
must be strong and it shows certainty. You know yourself. You’re not
apologetic of desring her and she needs to chill, get with it.
This is her logic.
Women will always try and self sabotage because of insecurities. You ReFrame it right back with positive and strong frame. Never let her take
control in a sense to lead to negativity. Re-frame it back.
3. Now you got something to use for Call Back humour. Use it for texting
and escalate the attraction. Build on it. Don’t be texting for weeks. You
need to lead it to the phone.
You can after a few texts when building atrraction with fun, you can add
in some text “how was your day” but ﬁrst add the fun and add “how was
your day. I bet mine beat your week ;).” This is comfort. The fun is
attraction, playful, lover being conﬁdent.
4. Then build on it again on phone, be playful a little but also build some
comfort. Not job interiew questions but share some values and end it
with a question. Then be playful, fun again. Like a rollercoaster, up and
down, up and down.

5. When you meet her, assume she is your girlfriend. When I meet them on
ﬁrst date, I have already done the work using text and phone. Even the
approach when I ﬁrst saw the girls, I was playful, fun and lover type.
They expect me to be this way.
We even laugh about the teasing, ﬂirting we did on text/phone and we
immediately embrace, kiss and I take her hand and lead.
That’s because I focused on escalating her feelings, her emotions, her desires for
her to know this is a man of sexual experience and ability from the beginning. I
knew how to manage the process, re-frame whenever she tried to use logic.
So correct your behaviour.
You shouldn’t be with a woman on ﬁrst date if you are still determining when to
kiss and hold hands. That’s childish and immature. You needed to frame it early
on and her emotions are heighten before she meets you.
She expects you to know how to do this. She expects you to follow the behaviour
she saw from day one, from texting as well and phone.
If you’re approach was like most guys, using logic, well, you cannot then ﬂip it to
be a lover. That is why you don’t be serious in the beginning. Flirt, be playful in
then approaches and then you can add a little comfort/rapport building but not
too much. This allows to see you are serious about her.
So don’t focus on the kiss and holding hands.
Focus on creating the feeling inside her that’s ALREADY inside you. Meaning she
is with you because she is attracted to you already. So behave in this manner from
day one. Assume early frame from the approach and escalate gradually before
you meet for the date and when on the date.
When you know how to do this, you’ll ﬁnd you will screen out/ﬁlter out women
who just going out for you to pay resturant meals. You’ll ﬁlter man who are rigid,
still into the social norms and following foolish dating rules like “no kiss until 5
dates” nonsense. They will be headache for you. So screen them out.
Just another tip….
On ﬁrst date, no resturants. No watching movies at the cinema. Walk. Go to a
cafe/bar and sit beside each other. You don’t need a lot of money for this.
You need to communicate together, physical touch and be fun.
The resturant and watching movies at cinema is killer for attraction. It makes it
awkward and diﬃcult to build on attraction.
Leave these when you have both become imtimate, when comfort later has been
built and when you both have become sexually active with each other.
Then take her to resturant.
I don’t take women to resurants. I take Girlfriends to resurants who are now
emotionally invested in me and I’m also invested with them.
This is a time to ﬁrst build connection, attraction and comfort but you can’t do
that in resturants and watching movies at the cinema full of people.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been surprised when a girl said yes to be your
girlfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Sep 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It was when I was a teenager.
I was just learning in approaching girls and nothing was working. I was
hammered with rejection. Then I saw this red head girl. Taller than me, legs up to
inﬁnity, standing with books next to the school fence.
She had the ﬂowing curly wavy her. Love those kinds of hair styles. Creamy white
skin and blue eyes. Which meant both her parents must be red heads. She had a
style of clothes that make you think she comes from posh upbringing but she
didn’t. It was just her style of clothes. Amazing ﬁgure even from a far.
I walked up to her and saw her cute gorgeous face
And…
Me - Hi
Her - Hi
Me - Like to go out on with me this week? It be fun!
Her - (pause…..looks down at her books, looks up) Ok, yes. When?
Me (I was taken oﬀ guard but quickly like it was meant to be) Wednesday, down
ﬁrthpark where Sainsburys is. At 5, after school?
Her - Ok.
Me - See you then
The day came and there she was standing waiting for me.
I couldn’t believe it!
I was like, DAYUUUMN! She turned up!
We dated for a while and it was absolutely great.
It’s a pity I don’t meet many red heads in London. I’m sure there are many. Wish I
could see more of them when I’m in London. I’m not into women dyeing hair red.
I like natural red heads with long ﬂowing curls.
39 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Javarus Smith

My girlfriend is always mean to me but whenever I voice my
opinion or act rude (jokingly) to her, she gets upset. What do I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is in a sense testing your frame to see how much she get awa withn. In other
words, she craves the emotions that come from abusing you. That’s her own
insecurity and it can even get worse.
I agree, it is a good thing you found out now than much later.
I personally would never tolerate such behaviour and she be already out of my
life, no matter if I am into her. This will get worse mate because she is an abuser
and she has a history of abuse. Your best bet is to move on from her because you
cannot ﬁx her, you cannot try to reason with her and you’ll be wasting your time.
You don’t stay and date someone who treats you like shit.
If you want to be treated like shit, stay.
If you don’t, then you made that choice and it tells her, you want this and that you
won’t have the balls to walk away.
It’s your choice.
Make whatever decision and own it.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Scott

I love exercising and I want to do it with girlfriend, but she
turns me down all the time. This really turns me oﬀ. Should I
stop asking her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have never asked any of my girlfriends to go to the gym with me or excercise
with me. I never tried to convince them.
You know why?
Contrary to what some women and men say, that you talk about it - this is a
diﬀerent kind of communication.
It is a subcommunication, visual and feelings.
So when you go and do what you do, without trying to control her, change her,
and she sees the results in you….man, you don’t need to say shit.
When she saw extremely attractive women looking at me when we are walking, at
resturant, at bars and night club, that is all she needed to get her ass in gear. The
girl now enjoys it and so does my other girlfriends I am dating. They wish they
did it long ago because they feel good and they look great.
You’re a guy like most guys who are do not project certainty. No woman wants to
be lead by a man who is uncertain. Certainty is when you do what you want to do
without waiting for someone to join you. You do it because you got a purpose and
goals, and you are determined to do it.
So you’re an action take, a doer, a person who gets it done anyway.
You are a…leader. Man of certianty.
I didn’t care if she wanted to or not because I am doing it for me. So I went and
did it, kept doing it, results happened and this showed certainty. She knew I
would keep doing it, keep looking good and even better, and get more attention
from girls.
You are going about it complete oppposite.
You are doing too much talking. You are focusing on the logic. Focus on the
emotional. Hit the gym, forget all this “communicate with her” about it because
not all communication methods are equal.e
Bang your ﬁtness magazines on table.
Cook your health meals. Behave with passion. Smile. Be upbeat. Take her out. Be
positive and don’t argue about it or push her on this.
She needs certainty and certainty in this - it’s not talk, it’s not telling her you
want her to do it because blah blah. Nor is it convincing her with you talking.
That’s logic for you. Go with feeling, excitement, badass results.
It’s you leading the way by example and she sees the results for her to get her ass
in gear.
So stop talking and get working.
Focus on your goals because when other girls see you look damn good and she
sees it, a whole diﬀerent chemicals are going to kick in and you didn’t need to say
a damn word.
I can’t stop these girls I am dating now even if I tried. They are more into than I
am and it’s great to see they enjoyed themselves and even found new friends at
the gym.

So not all methods of communication are equal.
In these matters, avoid telling a girl what to do about her body, her ﬁgure, her
health and to do these kind of with you because you need some support. Even if
it’s you wanting her to do it with you.
Just go and do it because you’re a guy with certainty.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I love a guy I don't even know?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t love the guy. You are craving for the feeling, the emotions, when you
see or think about the guy. It’s chemicals.
Like I said to one girl who only saw me once and said she loved me.
“No, you love the idea of me.”
The brain becomes “illogical” with the idea of new romance. You become literally
blind to the shortcomings and do not see the red ﬂags or the craziness of
investing so much time on thinking about someone who hasn’t verbally and
action wise shown intent that he is attracted to you.
You are in an an involuntary state.
When you’re infatuated the logical path is shut down.
The brain circuits states kick in which are circuits of obsession, mania,
intoxication, thirst, and hunger. It is not an emotion, but it does intensify or
decreases other emotions. The being-in-love circuits are what is known as a
motivation system. It’s diﬀerent to the sex drive area but it does cross over it.
The activity runs on hormones and neurochemicals such as dopamine, estrogen,
oxytocin and testosteron.
The brain circuits that get activated are very powerful. Like those of a drug addict
desperately craving the next high ﬂying up in the sky ﬁx. The fear part and the
critical thinking part of your system is turned down when the love infatuation
ﬂoods in like a damn that has just been struck by mighty thunder bolt for you to
feel all these emotions gushing through.
If I was to give another illustrative example, it would be like you took some
Ecstacy. You can’t sleep. You can’t sometimes eat.
The circuits for the caution part of your brain is turned down.
So when you are infatuated it is like you’re on a natural Escstay tripping high,
going higher and higher and higher. It is similar to the eﬀect of other hardcore
drugs like cocain, heroin, morphine and OxyContin.
OXYTOCIN makes you feel like you’re a nuturing, like a mother. You become
gello, soft, purring like a cute kitty with big eyes, and you got to go to that guy and
give him lots of cuddles like he’s so ﬂuﬀy as you purr like a kitty. You want to
bond with this guy (dophamime, a feel good factor chemical of the brain)
Why you think many guys Jaw drop when they see me, an average guy making
out with an extremely attractive girls? Because I know how to create, capture the
emotions that is already inside and lead the woman’s fantasy.
I don’t think it’s about my looks. I’m an average looking guy so it isn’t much about
my looks. Sure I am well groomed but that isn’t what really gets the girls to go all
emotional bat crazy and so open, we can have sex in the alley if we needed to -

and - she’ll do it too. Any who say “I won’t because…” is estimating the power of
emotions. When it’s with men who are children, teenagers and they know much
more than most men, women will open up and go for it.
Attraction is not a choice, yes but it is chemicals and chemicals can be triggered
when you create then mood and know the woman’s value system. Chemicals can
be triggered by even smell, taste and the environement.
That is why night clubs know about how to design the place in a way that it
heightens the emotions of girls and the sexual drive of guys.
For more you can Read The Female Brain by Louann Brizendine.
You’d learn a great deal more and she explains it amazingly simple for anyone to
understand. Very good book and well worth an investment if you like to know
more. She did a brillaint job on this book.
You are in love of the idea, the emotions, the feelings when you think and see the
guy. It has nothing to do with you being in love with him.
That’s fairy tale, Disney, romance novel bullshit and fantasy on how love just
happens. That it’s meant to be. Nop. It’s chemicals. Infatuation. You’re wired that
way and with added social conditioning, well, you can see how one’s perception
can get them to fall for all kinds of fallacies especially about soul mates and “the
one.”
Any girl who says she loves me and hasn’t even dated me, got intimate, had sex
many a times, gone on an adventure together, got to know each other is not a girl
who is in love with me. She’s in love with the feelings it gives and she’s being
immature, is inexperienced and is someone I can’t trust.
If she can fall in love that fast and say it, she can fall out of love with the same
speed. It happens a lot and then when they don’t get exactly the fantasy they
want; and when the chemicals die down, we have the victim nonsense:
“Oh I loved him, we had sex, he used me.”
So keep your emotions in check and be mature about it. We guys don’t want
anymore women throwing the ..
“He used me.”
Own your decisions and sexuality. Learn about it. Read about it. It will help you a
lot when it comes to these matters and you’ll own your sexuality too. You’ll be
stronger for it and even more kinder, compassionate and have empathy towards
women and men. I do empathise with how you feel and I do understand these
feelings but I assure you, love doesn’t work like that and love also is never
enough.
Last thing you need is emotionally investing time, energy and lots of eﬀort
building a story in your movie in your mind, to ﬁnd out later when you say how
you feel, that he doesn’t feel the same way.
That is why it hurts real bad.
When an addict goes down, they feel really down. It hits them hard. They got to
get the ﬁx and so, if you don’t understand what’s happening inside of you - you’ll
try to get the ﬁx again and again.
Meaning, you will never know what love is and what it takes to build a
relationship when you want to. I am not against sex. I love it. I date multiple
women but I know the diﬀerence between love and infatuation. I know what it
takes to build relationships and I know the reason why many fail.

If you don’t want to get hurt then make sure you make your intent to the guy
quicker. Yes, we know the typical female brain does not like to admit she is
infatuated with a guy and nor does the brain likes conﬂict.
It is why she’d rather fantasies because it’s comforting than be in the real world to
see if he is into her or not at a faster rate. Even immediately.
Rejection is not easy but emotionally investing time and emotions on someone
you don’t even have a clue if he’s into you is how you inﬂict a lot of emotional
pain on yourself. That pain can go on for a long time because story is now in the
mind took time to build and it takes ages for it to be diluted later on.
When attention + emotions are involved, so is your memory.
That story will be in your long-term memory and that’s why it takes a while to get
over the infatuation of some guy.
That is why brands focus on getting the attention of women, connect with them
emotional and even touch on her rational side too, to be remembered. They know
when these two kick in, the deep unconsciousness opens up for them to home in
their message eﬀectively.
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

My ex said she still loves me she just doesn't want a
relationship and the commitment that comes with it. Is there
any way to keep her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She wants to have fun not serious relationship. She is bored with it and she feels it
limits her to have fun and do the things she desires to do with other guys. There is
nothing wrong with that.
She’s wants to live more without committments rather than dating guys who are
looking to be in a serious relationship.
You can’t keep her because she’s not a product to keep.
She’s a human being with desires and her own person. It happens a lot especially
if the guy is playing safe, predictable, boring and just focused to get too much
time from a girl instead of him focusing on being a challenge.
This is chemicles for you too.
When infatuation is gone, then they feel the so called attraction is gone and it is
over. Really it isn’t over but a next step in growing in the relationship but she
doesn’t want that. She doesn’t want the next step.
She doesm’t want exclusivity.
She doesn’t want to be caged in a serious relatonship far too early.
She is telling you she wants to date others, go out with friends, have fun, live
more than settle down with one guy.
So there is nothing you can do and if you pursue, chase, be needy, desperate then
you have proven to her why she doesn’t want a relationship with you. That you
don’t respect her decision and you are a hassle in these matters.
Have a strong frame even if it hurts. Focus on yourself and be strong to move on
so she sees you’re diﬀerent to most needy guys she will meet along the way. Make
the breaking up pleasant not needy, drama and “but I miss you.”
Move on and approach other girls.

Nothing else you can do.
5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell my new girlfriend, that I'm not paying for her
friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s testing your frame to see how much she can get away with. If you are a man
who has an opinion or if you got her on a pedestal.
Forget what you sound like. Detach from the outcome and the seeking of
approval . Dating is to assess if this is the girl you’d like to see more oﬀ. If she is
treating you this way already, and hasn’t the maturity and attitude in knowing
she is stepping over the line, then see this as a red ﬂag.
So speak up.
Let her know that you won’t be paying for her friend and how you expected much
more more mauturity from her than this.
And if she pushes it, get up and say it’s over.
Have the balls to speak up and communicate. Don’t let girls frame the way
relationship going especially to take advantage of you.
She isn’t entitled for you to be her bank.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl say you're too nice?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you cannot give her what she wants because you do not even know how
to behave and communicate what you want immediately.
1. Girls like certainty. So a nice guy who helps girls when really he is
attracted to them, then he is uncertain about his own self worth.
Therefore his behaviour demonstrates uncertainty.
2. To even even say he helps girls and yet he doesn’t shows he is not homest
about his intentions is not certainty. Instead he is uncertain about
himself. Such a guy cannot give girls certainty when he doesn’t
demonstrate it himself with action by showing he doesn’t need to do
anuything for girls because he knows he is enough.
3. Girls likes conﬁdence. It shows certainty. When a guy sees a girl he is
attracted to and immediately approaches to show his intent, he is
showing certainty. He believes in his self worth. He is a risk taker. He
takes action instead of being hesitant.
4. Girls - is about feelings when it comes to dating a guy. It’s emotional but
nice guys approach girls in a logical manner. They become far too
available. They are not communicating in a language that arouses her
and also his behaviour is too needy to spark attraction.
5. Girls are very good at communicating their feelings. The nice guy
doesn’t know how to express his feelings in a manner that captures her
emotions. Instead he hides his intent and communicates in a manner
that increases the uncertainty about him.
6. Girls date a guy who is higher in social value or her equal. If he is too
available and if he has low social intuition to such that he doesn’t
demonstrate he can attract other girls, when she is has observed him;

then his value at an unconscious level is lower than hers. She dates up
not down.
7. Girls like romance. Not the love letters and ﬂower, with singing under
her window. It is his boldness, his daring and risk taking, his honesty
while at the same time, it is also his playfulness to capture her emotions
and leads her fantasy.
You want to change that then stop helping girls as some agenda to attract them
Instead show certainty in your behavour to approach immediately, be playful,
fun, a challenge and ask them out.
If you are rejected, show certainty that you know your self worth and walk away
with conﬁdence to approach others.
28.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like cars?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not the car.
If you know about girls, it is about feelings.
For example, you might see the sports ﬂashy car as a sport ﬂashy car and the
feeling it gives you is status.
For some girls it be that it shows the guy is doing great in his life, has stability, has
certainty in the direction of his career, has social status, has power, etc. You’re a
go getter, a man of action, making things happen. It looks good for her to date
such a guy. It impreses her friends. It deﬁnes something in her world.
It’s about feelings.
So it’s not the object but the feeling that comes with it and how it plays and
impacts her life within her world.
A girl goes into a shop and another, and another and another, until she buys a bag
she likes. She likes the experience, because this experience gives her certainty.
She is taking a lot of information assessing everything. Most guys just walk in a
shop, buy their stuﬀ and walk out.
You won’t see that with your girls. They like to walk away for hours sometimes,
looking at shops, in and out, checking things out, colour, size, what it looks like
for them when their friends see their new bags and the experience of talking
about it with their friends. It gives them a feeling.
Most guys think women are indecisive.
They are not indecive. They want certainty. They observe more, they collect more
data, they try things on, they check things out, they want certainty.
Yes, some will tap into their masculinity but it’s rare except if you look in job
environments. Communication is their mastery skill. They develop observation
and communication skills early on at birth than guys do.
I’ll give you another example.
Some guys will ask..
“Why do girls go with bad boys and not nice guys?”
As answered in a previous question…

Bad boys show certainty. They take action. They take risks. They go for what they
want. They don’t sit on heir ass, or leaning on a wall of a night club, or school, and
stare at girls as they crave for them. They approach. They show they have
conﬁdence and they don’t hide their sexuality.
So girls have very strong skills like observation, emotional communication and
connecting skills. Therefore when girls see all this and experience it, their senses
creates a perception in their mind that triggers emotions. Feelings of excitement,
of adventure, of romance, daring and danger.
Also the social status, how it looks with her walking with a stronger man. How it
feels to be envied by others. How it is all perceived by others and how it deﬁnes
her self worth in an external way too. All these create feelings.
Nice guys don’t project certainty. They approach very logical. They hesitate, they
stare, they play safe, they hope but do not take action. The perception when a girl
observes is of not strength, conﬁdence but weakness, uncertainty, and she will
feel a lack of reassurance of who he really is. The perceived value for her doesn’t
impact her world to such a stage to be excited about some nice guy.
So it’s not the car but the feeling, the values and how it deﬁnes for her in the
world she lives in. Much more than about the car.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do women like jerks/bad boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why do girls like bad boys rather than to have friendship with good and
sincere one?

When you understand girls then you understand the deep unconscious of their
desires and needs.
Girls go for bad boys because of certainty.
Nice guys do not have certainty because they sit on their ass or stand, staring at
girls, craving for them but do not take the daring, bold, actions. They don’t take
risks. They bitch and complain why girls can’t be friend with them.
What girls want some weak ass guy complaining about stuﬀ like that? She can get
that as well as friendship from plenty of people. It’s common!
Bad boys lovers are always taking actions, they are always moving forward,
always doing something regarding their sexuality, approaching girls, ﬁrting,
taking risks.
Nice guys don’t own their sexuality but hide it.
Girls don’t want friendship from a bad boy. She wants action, conﬁdence,
excitement, a guy who is on the moves. A lover who has the sexual experience
and the ability to lead. He’s the guy of action.
And if he looks like some big guy with Tattoos then he projects another
unconscious value which is power, strength, protection.
Who do you think a girl who wants a sexual experience?
A guy who is not conﬁdent to approach, who is hesitant, doesn’t take action and a
skinny with chicken legs?
OR a guy who is conﬁdent, action taker, isn’t afraid or intimidated by girls or
competition, or social presure and looks strong?
The stronger not weaker.

That’s why girls go for bad boys.
500 Views · View Upvoters

I love a guy really badly, but he doesn't love me back. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I see someone mentioned horse on here. I will put it in a diﬀerent perspective.
You put the cart before the horse :)
You invested far too much time, emotions before you found out where he stood.
In doing so, you created a fantastic story in your mind, looking at hints and
signals to mean love, and you found comfort in the fantasy story in your head.
The secret is never about trying your best.
Nor is it working hard in anything.
It is being eﬃcient because you do not want to waste your time and nor build
some expectations that has yet to show any proof on the other person desiring the
same. You put the cart before the horse due to fear of rejection.
You now need to slowly and painfully, take the fantasy down from the clouds,
brick and by brick, and learn from this lesson.
Show intent from day one and this limits the investment.
Invest less next time by being swift in letting the person know and ﬁnd out where
you stand.
“what should you do?”
You want to get hurt some more?
Do you want to be ridiculed because you keep chasing?
Do you want the guy get really angry with you?
No. Then move on.
Direct your focus, mind, eﬀort to someone else or something in your life. You
move on is what you do.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why would any self respecting attractive girl with things going
on in her life want to be with an ugly dunce with nothing going
on like myself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hmm, let’s say…
1. You’re awesome to be around with
2. You make her feel alive
3. She feels excited with you
4. You make her feel safe
5. You make her feel aroused
6. You make her feel special
7. You make her feel unique

8. You are good at listening
9. You are good at communicating
10. You’re reliable and not a douche
11. She trusts you to be open sexually
12. She likes your personality
13. She thinks you’re attractive to her
There probably be much more on her list if you ask her.
You see, when girls have done the with surface searching like appearances,
status, what others think - it gets a bit boring.
I have dated many extremely attractive girls and so, when you do, you kind of get
immune by it and look for something deeper.
They look for feeling.
So when they ﬁnd a man who makes them FEEL special, unique, has personality,
has a self worth that they seek, something much more important than looks and
perceived value stuﬀ - then they know what they have found is very valuable.
They know they have found Absolute Value which is much more powerful than
Perceived Value when it comes to long-term relationship.
Perceived value attracts and gets you laid.
Absolute Value holds and gels the relationship together. It is the bigger picture of
who you are.
Just be careful.
You’re insecurities will project in a behaviour that might push her away because
playing the victim is toxic and emotionally draining. Behaving pitiful, self sorrow
and all that when right in front of you is woman who is into you, can damage the
relationship.
Love is not enough and never will be.
People bitch and complain abiout how they can’t get the girl/guy they want
because of their look but when they do attract such girls/uys, their own
insecurties, neediness and fears pushes them away.
So just be careful what you wish for.
Because it might just happen where you are focused far too much in your
insecurities, fear of loss than focusing on buikding attraction, comfort and the
relationship itself.
Attracting girl you like is diﬃcult as it is but the magic is knowing how to manage
your own insecurities and the relationship.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do men ever love the mistress?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When people mention this word “love” it means a diﬀerent thing to what
someone else means. Mistress or any woman who asks such questions are not
even asking this question. It’s just framed diﬀerent.
You know how women are attracted to guys but they don’t say it directly. They do
hints, subtle messages and hope the guy gets it :)

The real question without subcommunication language is this…
1. How can I frame this dating into a certain type of relationship?
2. How can I get him to be my long-term boyfriend?
3. How can I get him be comitt only to me?
4. How can I get the white picket fence dream?
It’s really..
“What are we?”
Women who ask about love usually isn’t about love.
It’s about their guilt regarding their sexuality, what others say about them, how
they deﬁne themselves in this world, the fairy tale they are socially conditioned
with. It’s about Cinderalla lost her shoe and her prince ﬁnds her, puts her shoe
on, wedding bells going and her jealous sisters, the step mother and everyone else
now sees she got the status.
It’s about sleeping beauty who is saved by the Prince. The soul mate.
It’s about gods who search each other to ﬁnd their soul mate as they complete
and become victories over some obstacles that promotes “true love is…”
Or “it just happens.” Or “it’s meant to be.”
Now she is married and now…ﬁts in with the Jonesies and everyone else who
uploads the calculated, cropped, ﬁltered photos on instagram and facebook can
see it.
It’s really the invention of shame, sexuality, modesty and a whole heap of social
conditioning that sex means love, love means sex, and if a guy just wants sex,
OOOOOh what a bad boy he is but really, it’s not even about that.
It’s about making love a property.
It’s about ownership.
It’s about “what are we?”
That a man cannot love more women and there is one size ﬁts for everyone, and if
you don’t ﬁt that size, well, you’re not normal. You’re a player. You’re this and
that, and on it goes.
For it all to make people believe in the fairy tale.
Do men ever love the Mistress?
Are you sure you are asking the right question?
Are you sure it’s not..
“What does it need for him to leave his wife for me?”
“Why wouldn’t he be committed to a relationship with me?”
“Why can’t he spend more time with me?”
“Why won’t he call and text more?”
And asking regarding “men” like we are all the same, as if there is one answer to
all men. Man can love anyone but that doesn’t mean they are the property or
posession of anyone. Like how most women shout about..
“It’s my body and I do what I want.”

But we are not talking about love but really labels that suppose to deﬁne who we
are, where we are and what we end up with.
Yes, men can love mistresses, fuckbuddies, women in open long term marriage
that isn’t traditional with no asset shared (signed), open long term relationship
without marriage, to Poly and on it goes with the labels and diﬀerent models of
relationships.
But I sometimes wonder if when someone ever asks about love, if it really is about
love or desiring to make man or woman a posession. A property.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when a guy won't stop pursuing a relationship
with me, even after I say no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then you need for good measure..
1. Get someone to record it on mobile phone. You might not be able to use
it as evidence in court but you can nail the shit hard to show to teacher,
principle of the school and your parents, AND police if it comes to it.
2. Get a friend or snap your phone on recording, and you shout at him. “Let
me go. STOP TOUCHING ME (mention his name). This is sexual
harrassment. You have been doing this for weeks and you still don’t
listen. STOP TOUCHING ME OR I’LL CALL POLICE. - (this will then be
recorded on your mobile phone or your friends phone if you got mates to
record it)
3. Talk to a teacher you trust. Talk to your parents too. You need to TALK.
Let someone you know who can take it further to principle of the school.
4. If teachers do do shit, call the police, right there and then while you’re at
school. THEN the teachers will move their ass and get real with it.
So show this guy you mean business or he will think he can keep doing it. You
cannot aﬀord to be passive-aggressive about this.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Natalie Fitzsimmons

How am I supposed to react when my girlfriend tells me that a
guy she met once and chats to oﬀered to pay for a trip for her to
visit him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dude. Holds your frame. Don’t let that rattle you. You really bloody think a girl
who is going to cheat on you is going to show you it all in your face.
Come on man.
She is playing you.
Relax.
From what I see this was her doing the usual bullshit of testing you. Most women
not all do this because they want certainty. Such women are insecure due to lack
of attention from her man or just have abandoment issues. If you have been
conﬁdent, communicated and shown you do care about etc, then she might still
test anyway, to see how you handle yourself.
If you stay calm, collected, the same self then she will experience and feel MORE
certainty about the relationhip and you.

That doesn’t excuse anyone to do this and nor cheat, nor does it excuse doing all
kinds of drama because a man of certainty is a very strong man. He will move on
so very fast, won’t pine for her and be dating someone else in no time.
So don’t fall for the drama. It’s her trying to reassure herself.
It’s good you told her what you thought calmly but behave like it doesn’t get to
you. You already know if she steps over line, she’s done, over, out of your life.
Right? Then behave with that certainty by just being calm.
This is just a signal, she desires attention from you. Creating drama because she’s
insecure. She knows what you are like. She knows you’re the type who gets all
crazy about stuﬀ like that and you go oﬀ going nuts, she starts probably banging
stuﬀ on Instragram with messages, twitter and facebook because she knows
you’re WATCHING! She knows you’re jealous type of guy.
It’s like she lit a ﬂame under your ass.
Chill.
I understand you’ll get upset but she’s playing you to get your emotions rattled.
It’s very obvious. Letting you know, letting you see.
Sort your insecurities out and just know what the deal is if she does it, and stick
with it too. Don’t let her rattle your emotions.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is 20 years younger than me, is that a problem?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just enjoy what you have. I’m in my 40’s and dating young women. I don’t worry
about the future but live in the present. Whatever happens later I’m sure you’re
experience, well learned in life and mature that if you both part ways even
though you might not want, it be a happy and satisfying one in which you’ll still
be in touch.
I know the young women I have dated were very mature, even if they were 19,
some 20, 22, 25. So we were mature to know what, why and whatever happens in
future, happens.
So no, don’t worry about the age diﬀerence.
Just focus on what you have, enjoy what you both have and whatever happens in
future, I’m sure you both already prepared for it anyway.
Everything in life ends.
Nothing lasts forever,
Create amazing memories together and just let go and focus on the present. I’m
sure she knows she can walk away if she desires too and you’re wise enough to
already be prepared if that happens.
As long you’re both happy, she’s happy, you’re happy and that’s it.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

When a woman says NO to a man or a woman, should he or she
take it as a challenge and continue to pursue her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you showed intent and she is not interested then best to move on.

The steps to brieﬂy show process:
1. Approach
2. Show intent
3. Be playful, fun
4. Qualify. If she doesn’t work to show eﬀort in being interested then I don’t
bother even asking her out. That’s what qualifying for. It tells you if she is
attracted to you but most of all, you’re not just into her body because
beauty is quite common.
5. If qualifying is done, she shows eﬀort and engaging then time to seed,
and time bridge, to let her imagine what might happen. Be fun and
playful here. The content is not imporant as the emotions you create.
6. Exchange numbers, talk a little and then move on.
7. Text to build attraction.
8. Response good. Increased frequency? Lead to phone
9. Phone build attraction, some comfort. Lead to date.
No use going all way down if qualifying is dead. She’s not interested and also you
got standard. No use going further with a woman who doesn’t put eﬀort in to
show she’s interested. What’s the point?
Yes, I know, playing hard and all that but this just attracts insecure needy woman
and you really don’t want to go there.
706 Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁnd a job in London if I'm not there now? I want to
live there for a while all by myself. Asking for advises, thanks
Adam Taha, marketing
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my girlfriends found a job in London without being there.
1. She had the skills, experience and qualiﬁcations
2. Instead of relying on recruiters she looked at companies websites
3. Found vacancies
4. Sent her CV and covering letters to these companies
5. Did a phone interview
6. Then went to London for ﬁnal interview
7. Got the job and moved to London.
I would save up monies and get all interviews on certain days. So let’s say you got
3 interviews lined up, and then book a hotel somewhere or ﬁnd a hostel. Then go
for these interviews.
Maybe even save for a week so you can spread the interviews. Just let them know
you got interviews in London on certain days and time, and best you come on
then and sorted. If some are not going to make it easier, they are not really a
company who will take you seriously anyway.
That’s what she did.
678 Views · View Upvoters

Should I be worried that he doesn't text me everyday?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How can he use you for sex? You said that in your comment. Take responsibility
for your sexuality for starters.
1. You can say no to sex.
2. You can own your sexuality
3. No one put a gun to your head to have sex with a guy
4. You desired sex as much as he did.
This is about your own insecurities. Either from abandoment issues or some past
experience that didn’t go to well and you are projecting onto this relationship.
If a girl expects me to text her and talk to her every day, it be over and if she even
says “use me for sex” It will deﬁnitely be done with her.
You don’t need a guy texting you and talking to to you everyday. You’re going to
ﬁnd you push guys away with such demands.
It means he’s busy and got a life.
13.9k Views · View Upvoters

I texted my boyfriend while drunk, then deleted all the
messages but somehow he managed to read them. Now i'm
freaking out a bit. What to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Adorable :)
You complimented your man. But once is enough with drinking to get drunk. You
opened up because of the drink, he liked it, enjoyed your adorable ways of
sharing and so don’t take it bad.
I had the same thing happen to me and I didn’t see her in any way. I found it
adorable, cute, and made me laugh, and smile.
Just remember, once is ok but then you keep getting drunk and all, it doesn’t look
good. So don’t drink to get drunk and be open without the drink.
Relax. He handled it really cool and he’s chilled about it.
Nothing to worry about :)
It shows you care about your man and relationship when you worry like that but
no worries. I’m sure he got some laughs and was amused.
All the best
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I be less afraid to develop intimate relationships with
people?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There will be some insecurities within you, such as maybe you have
abandonment issues, trust issues, and so forth. So bear in mind when I give this
advice, to read a lot of books to help understand yourself.
From the aspect of building intimate relationships, if you mean friendship not
attraction as dates. The approach and process is very diﬀerent in that you swop
certain components.
Let me give you an example.

In dating, the mistakes most make due to their own fears of rejection is they don’t
make their intent clear and so they start with comfort phase.
They do not assume rapport. They do not assume attraction.
Assuming rapport in practical sense is when you walk into a place, and you see
people, your would usually think..
“OMG! WHO! Lots of people here and they are all strangers! I don’t know anyone
here. I’ll just get a drink and stand/sit in the corner to wait when someone isn’t busy
to talk to them.”
But Assuming Rapport is when you assume this place is designed for you and all
these people have accepted you as their friend, an ally, a comrad, a person to get
to know because you can bring value, excitement, rich conversation and even
enrich someone’s life.
You think….
“Awesome place and lots of people to get know! Right say hi to everyone here, one by
one.”
Assuming Atraction is the same. You assume the woman is already attracted to
you and you go right in there just ﬂow with it, like it’s meant to be.
I do it all the time. Love it!
Attraction comes ﬁrst when it comes to dating not comfort as it creates a diﬀerent
feeling and it can lead to platonic, friendship. Because comfort is about in the
science of attraction is about both feel comfortable to be sexually intimate with
each other which leads to seduction i.e. sex.
If the attraction isn’t sorted ﬁrst then it can take a long time, it can turn into
friendship, one of the two people will see they don’t want to risk it due to it
causing awkwardiness, and loss of friendship - as well as loss of the emotional
support they have been getting.
That is why I never lead with comfort, ever when it comes to attraction. Many of
my friends failed due to this mistake and continue to do so because the fear of
rejection, their insecurities is a lot and they don’t get out of the comfort zone.
So all you got to do is swop the component.
You’re going to replace attraction with building rapport for comfort. You’re going
to change the type of conversations too. So instead of seduction conversation that
capturds emotions of sexual desires, it’s more about building deeper connection.
You focus on the comfort part which leads to friendship. That’s if this is what you
desire - friends. Close friends.
Example if it was for attraction.
I see a a guy approach a woman at bar, and he later walks away. I approach and I
ask her with a grin..
Me - So, tell me, how did he do? :)
Her - Ok. Not bad.
Me - Jeeesh, Looking at him I thought he’d do a great job, and here I was waiting
to do the same :)
Her - Hahahaa. So what’s your line then
Me - Oh no, I was here to ask what’s yours. Well? Come on. I’m waiting. Make it a
good one ;)
And rapport kicks oﬀ with attraction. I just assume rapport was already there and
she’s into. It’s not really what you say but how you say it.

If I was to do this for example to build friendship…and it’s a group of people
Me - Hey there everyone! I just walked in and I thought I get to know you all,
cause you look like people gong somewhere. Hi, my name is Adam! (start shaking
hands.
Me - Show how do you all know each other?
And away we go, and you already for them engaging with you and helped them to
say a bit about themselves.
Assume rapport. Like you are meant to be here talk to these people who you
assume they all want to get to know you.
The most important is know what type of friendship you want and what you don’t
want. Don’t build friendship for seeking validation or approval or these friends
become nothing more than a source of energy to take like a parasite and they do
the same as well with you.
When the time comes you need a good friend, they are never around.
So comfort…
1. Start slow. Don’t make things serious. Relax. Get to know someone.
2. Assume Rapport and Comfort. Just go in there and introduce yourself.
3. Identity if the other person has similar values as yourself and interest.
4. Slowly connect once a week with a few of these friends.
5. Gradually do things together, so you might meet twice a week.
6. Don’t be needy. If they say they are busy, then expand your social
network more. Meet more people. Be valuable in your personality, your
vibe because people are drawn to what makes them feel alive. Be that
person.
7. Use the tools such i.e. phone to talk. Throw that into the equation. Get to
know each other more.
8. The more you meet, the more you go out together, the more you do
activities together that walking through city centre, going to cafe for a
drink and talk,participate in sports or smething else you are both into…
etc, the more comfort gets built. The more you both ﬁnd the comfort to
be open.
9. When you know you got friends you trust, build more comfort by
inviting the friend to meet other friends you know. Bring them together
and you’ll see things going great.
10. Also meet other people close to you. Like I take friends to my home, to
meet my relatives, to eat and drink with us. We go out to bar together etc.
It is very important to know the type of friends you want and the type of friends
you don’t want.
Know your boundaries and your friends boundaries because people can be
selﬁsh. We are all selﬁsh in our own way and so you need to know when to say no
and not fear loss.
If the people are good friends they’ll respect that.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

The love of my life will leave me because he wants to travel
alone for some years how can I deal with losing him ?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You won’t need to deal with it.
It’s happening. You cannot control it.
So now you know, what to do then?
Feel happy for the person and also for yourself, that you found out now than 30
years later, when married, got children etc. Then focus on your life.
He wants to travel.
What do you want that isn’t about making someone….your life.
When you centre everything around a person, and they leave, it is like an empty
voice and not because of anything else. It’s attaching someone, as a property, as a
source of existence, seeking validation, acceptance, a response which then you
see as your self worth. Or “the love of my life.”
If the love of your life on a person that making a great life well, you’ll always fear
someone leaving. That itself will push someone away when you meet someone
else. It will perform and project in your next relationship.
So go and create your own love of life. You deal with what you want out of life
than making someone you’re whole life.
701 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do with my ex girlfriend under these
circumstances?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Going to be straight with you mate.
Girls are not attracted to guys who are needy and who keep saying “I miss you.”
You are being passive - timid and you get psychologically put down.
You can see it. It’s not attractive.
It’s needy. It’s making her feel awkward. You’re making her feel guilty.
Let it go.
You tell her you miss her and this gets her to put you down, telling you she’s busy,
got her own life. You need to speak like that about you!
Here’s some Tips/steps
1. Prioritise your life. You number one not her.
2. Distance yourself and be busy
3. Focus on your life, go out and approach other girls. It’s over. Move on.
4. Just because she says she misses you, see it as nothing., Do not wait
around. Show you got balls to move on and do it not to impress her or to
get her back. She has had her chance and now move on. People do not
appreciate what is easy and that’s so easily available. You’re easy
available for her.
5. So hit the gym, focus on your passion, go out with friends and if you
haven’t got any - well, you got work to do. Then hit the night clubs or
whatever to approach girls.
It’s time to move on.
Don’t keep telling her you miss her, you need her and all that.

Behave strong.
Behave like you moved on.
Behave like you got high social value.
Behave like you got options but don’t say it. Behave. Go out and live, approach. If
you are so hooked up on a girl then you haven’t much experience in dating lots of
girls. You need to get emotionally strong, learn, grow.
You’re young to do that right now.
So go out, have fun, don’t get attached and see girls “as the one.”
You need to get good with having strong frame, getting rid of the neediness and
learn skills for approaching, socialising, engaging and leading to dates. You need
skills for texting and phone. Lots of things you need to learn and in learning
never forget what attracted the girl in the ﬁrst place.
It wasn’t neediness. It was attraction and attraction isn’t victim behaviour,
neediness and fear of losing a girl. Nor is it a weak frame. Many guys forget what
attracted the girl in the ﬁrst place and become passive-aggressive, lose the
excitement part of themselves, the fun part, the unpredictability, daring part and
become safe, boring, predictable and insecure due to fear of losing her.
That fear that if she leaves then he will be alone and there’s no girl like her.
Let go of such poverty thinking.
You will go from one relationship to another, until you ﬁnd someone and even
then, it doesn’t guarantee anything. So you need to invest in you always and keep
growing, keep building yourself up, keep increasing the momentumn in
developing knowledge and skills.
You will never feel alone if you know yourself worth, focusing on your passion,
buiding yourself from the inside and bring value to the world.
Now go out, have fun. Plenty of girls out there.
This one is done, over, ﬁnished. It’s time to move on.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by J C

What if i found out a girl likes me, but I am too careful to tell her
not to like me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s like..
What if there is a job Vacancy and I like the job but I don’t apply for it
because they might reject me
What if I just want to go and talk to someone but everyone is looking, and
I trip and fall, and earth gobbles me up
Don’t make sense except you fear rejection.
You don’t get anything if you don’t try except that is you stay single, bitch about it
to us 20 years later and ask..
“I am 30 years old, single and haven’t dating a girl, kissed and had sex. Is it
normal?”
So you’d do us all a favour including me — take action, get rejected, get up,
approach other girls, rejected, until you get good at it and until a girl sees you and
says “Yes!”

324 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Javarus Smith

Why do some people prefer to spend time on Quora rather than
Facebook?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Facebook and Quora are two diﬀerent models. They are social media platforms
but I use them diﬀerent. On Facebook it’s more about sharing my values with
small snippets, staying connecting with close friends, relatives etc.
I don’t want friends being shoved with content they didn’t ask for. On facebook it
is short and sweet, outrageous ;). Goes with my personality and what I do…..
Is there seriously any girl out there that can keep up with me?
———————————————————————————————I’m doing the nice guy approach tonight for fun. Using my amazing Psychic
Powers to make her like me. It’s not working but give it another 30 minutes

Celebrating 40 years or Excellence :)

But on Quora is more of detailed answers and some short ones. It’s for me to let it
rip and share knowledge. Plus policy on Quora is diﬀerent on Facebook. I bang a
babes ass and all that on Facebook it’s not a problem.
But if I talk sexually and “dirty” on Quora, it gets reported. A violation.
387 Views · View Upvoters

I really like this girl. I thought she might like me, then she just
went on a date with someone else. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Sep 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I thought…”
Big mistake. You was in your head all the time instead of ﬁrst getting facts. How
should the girl know you are into her. You could be just being friendly or some
guy who just looks at girls and does nothing.
You need to change your attitude and make your move. You’re behaviour was
focused on neediness than showing intent.
1. You see a girl you like, immediately approach. Don’t slam the brakes.
100% intent. Walk immediately towards her calmly.
2. Be playful, fun, not serious
3. You converse
4. You qualify - giving her the opportunity to show eﬀort she is into you.
5. Then you suggest what might happen. This is called seeding the mind,
and time-bridging. Be fun, not serious because it is not really about
dating yet. It’s about building attraction, showing your personality,
making her feel exciting moods, feeling.
6. Now if response good, exchange numbers
7. Text to build attraction. Be fun, humour.

8. Lead from text to phone as soon as you can. Don’t take weeks. If she is
not responding, let her go and focus on someone else.
9. You build on attraction on phone, be playful, fun but also share
something of who you are and she does too. Role play and this is diﬃcult
for most people as they have no experience in doing it. Takes practise.
10. Lead to date.
Did you do any of that?
Highly unlikely.
You was in your head more than taking action immediately.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

So what do you tell a girl who is not ready to be in a relationship
to give you a try?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Too late for that. It’s a rejection to move on.
There are some questions though to think about.
It seems you don’t qualify girls in beginning to ﬁrst ﬁnd if she shows eﬀort she is
interested in you before you even ask her out.
If this was said when you approached her then your approach needs work. The
only reason a girl said that to you, is you are not good at approaching and
qualifying girls, instead them trying to qualify you.
Second, she’d say that because there is no attraction. It’s a rejection.
Your role was to identify if there is attraction ﬁrst before asking her. If she isn’t
putting eﬀort in the interaction, then I see it as not good enough for me to ask her
out. There is a process and you have skipped some because for a girl to say that,
then you missed some steps.
Therefore you’re not a good listener, conversationalist, much good at being
playful, ﬂirt and qualify to see if there is attraction ﬁrst.
So either it’s your approach which by the way you don’t go oﬀ still pursuing her as
she showed her intent. Or it’s a plain rejection.
Both of these anyway, you move on from the girl.
Near beginning of interaction I always say:
“I’m not looking for anything serious at the moment.
I’m just having fun, getting to know, dating but if it’s the right girl,
who knows.”
Right now, take what she said as a rejection and move on.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think college will help me to be less shy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if it’s school, college or university.
What will help you to be less shy is being proactive in socialising with people. You
got to do the work, say hi, engage, converse.

It’s even worse in college because you will feel the social conditioning even more.
You’ll feel the social pressure if you haven’t trained yourself to go out more, say
hello to lots of people, get to know people, show interest etc.
The bigger the environment, the higher frequency of social pressure. There are
more people and therefore, more people you don’t even know. That doesn’t mean
anything on making you less shy.
It will be reverse because the social pressure will feel huge.
It is your actions, your behaviour, you investing time to be proactive, the eﬀort,
that engages your unconscious mind to start helping you develop social instinct.
You need to step out of the comfort zone and you probably might get forced to do
so because you will need to engage people, students etc.
Do what is uncomfortable for the brain to feel you are putting in the consistent
eﬀort to create the pattern for you to have social skills, social instinct. That’s what
shakes the brain to attention and takes notice you need this skill to survive and
succeed.
1. Eﬀort
2. Consistency
3. Engages the brain
4. = Social instinct.
Start small.
Join some activity and get used to saying hi to people you don’t know and engage
in conversation. Invest in social skills and conversation skills.
813 Views · View Upvoters

Why is my ex boyfriend lying to me about having a new
girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how girls throw in the “and my boyfriend” in a conversation to some
new guy who talks to her? Like guys don’t know what’s going on.
Same thing.
He is sending you a message that he is not interested in you and whatever it is
you feel, it is all in your head. He’s not interested.
Yes, that one, a defensive mechanism.
Like these here..
“I am too busy.”
“I’m not ready for a relationship.”
“I am not looking for anything serious, so no.”
It’s a rejection from him.
He’s telling you he’s not interested.
You should know because so many girls do that a lot, telling guys they got a
boyfriend in a conversation, when they haven’t, or even when they do have, they
say it because it all comes down to one thing, doesn’t it.
The girl isn’t attracted to the guy to make that step.

So even if he is lying or not. It’s a message to you to stay away. He is not interested
in you and that’s why he says he has a girlfriend.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can you lose the right guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
If a girl doesn’t open up to the guy and bottles things, and he keeps coming back
and forth, and she keeps pushing him away - then he gets tired of it. It’s
emotionally draining for starters and he will feel the woman isn’t the one he
loved or knew. It is over and so he moves on.
Take it as a lesson of wisdom.
I’m sure you went through growth and realised a lot about yourself and life too.
There will be many other lovers you will meet.
If you don’t close yourself oﬀ and keep moving forward as you participate and
engage with the world. I know it can be hard and sometimes things like this
happens but also growth happens this way too. Yes, I know it’s not something that
might make you feel better but I hope you do, and I hope you don’t lose yourself
looking always back punishing yourself. It’s wisdom, a lesson and it makes us
stronger as well we see more about relationships and ourselves.
All the best.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Marie Smith

What kinds of conversation happen only in the UK?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Where I am, they so polite they don’t say they don’t want to talk about politics. So
they do the long way round. It drive me nuts. Not everyone does this but some do
it and I have seen it ﬁrst hand that I sometimes cut in and say they don’t want to
talk about this topic. Politely of course.
Forgot to mention, my dad’s friend used to do this all time. I used to walk with
them from work, as a kid, steel industry and he be at it with my dad and I think
sometimes he would do it to wind my dad up cause he’d give like a sneak wink at
me when my dad would go nuts with him.
Now I won’t do this wbut just to give an example, it would go like this:
At the bar…
Guy - so you think stuﬀ will change with the Brexit
Me - What has Biscuits got to do with anything
Guy - No, I said Brexit
Me - I heard you man. Yo, this guy talking about biscuits. Where you get him
from?
Guy - I SAID BREXIT NOT BISCUITS! BREXIT
Me - Oh that thingy stuﬀ on TV where everyone ra ra about it?
Guy - Yes, that’s the one
Me - I don’t know mate. I never was really into that game
Guy - Game? What you on about. It’s not a game
Me - Of course it is. You stand there, with bat and they throw ball to hit the wicket
Guy - Oh for bleeding sake. I’m not talking about Cricket. BREXIT!
Me - Oh BREXIT! Why didn’t you say so
Guy - ???? (walks oﬀ mumbling something)

2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does Quora let you do anything?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No Quora doesn’t.
I answered a question regarding what you would do if you was with your
girlfriend and there was a last slice of Pizza. So I answered it honesty, and it was
sexual. As that’s my world and lifstyle.
They collaspsed it because volation, it didn’t answer question.
I answered it from my personal experience and they said it didn’t answer the
question.
So it doesn’t let you be yourself, speak your mind, share 100% complete you. It
censors and so I didn’t correct it and deleted it instead.
Nor am I going to appeal either. Appeal.
So there are mods who have diﬀerent lifestyle, following some policy and they’ll
collapse it. No use appealing it.
See what I mean? They don’t let you do anything.
477 Views · View Upvoters

Why do people love writing?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It helps me learn more. I have to go out and do it. I don’t just write because I can’t
with the topics I answer and write.
So all the things I share now, took me years and I am still going out, approaching
women, applying, growing, and pushing myself to limits I know most guys won’t.
So in one hand I do it because I want to change lives as I saw how it has helped me
to change my life but in other hand, I have to keep growing, keep dong, putting
myself out here in sometimes positions and saying things most terriﬁed to see.
It’s like the expanding universe.
You know it took 13,7billion years for us to see what we see.
The thing is it never stops. It is always consistently expanding.
So imagine for a moment you think you are mastery level. Well, there is mastery…
mastery level. Then there is more levels after that.
Like this..
Planet earth. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Object/light
Imagine this object is 10 million light years away. It says to itself..
“Hmm. Ok. It will take me 10 million light years to get to planet earth for people
to see me.”
But as it travels the universe is expanding and so the mount it has already
traversed. Also the distance between planet earth and where it is now is 50
million light years away!
It’s like..
“Wait a minute! What happened to 10 million light years?!”

Universe is expanding.
It thinks..
“Ok then, 50 million light years.”
But the universe is expanding! It later ﬁnds out the distance it has travesed is
longer and the distance between planet earth and it, has stretched again!
“This is crazy man! I want people on earth to see me?! I want to be at the
obserable reach man! Come on! Give me a break here! I need to get noticed!”
So I write and in writing I am learning. I go out and I will learn more about
myself, about human beings, about women, about what works, what doesn’t,
what has changed, what can be accelerated, how to handle this new situation and
that one, and this one. On and on and on.
Then I come back and share.
Thing is, some questions on here don’t challenge me much.
So I am writing lots in books too as there’s a lot I’ve learnt over the years and I
need to get it all out of my head now and into paper.
Process…
1. Go out and solve a problem in dating and life.
2. Do it again and again, and again from every angle, in diﬀerent situations,
environment, at diﬀerent women, etc..
3. Solve it and thoroughly tested. Ok sorted..
4. Come back and write
5. Whoever reads and applys, wingreat. Good for them.
Those who don’t and erm, aaah, but what if…I need convincing blah
blah, morality…morality, blah blah asshole, jerk, blah blah…..I don’t
write for them. Can’t be assed with it.
6. Then I repeat the process.
There we go.
That’s why I write.
814 Views · View Upvoters

What goes through a shy guy's mind when he sees the girl he
likes?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No matter how conﬁdent you get, social conditioning such as social pressure, is
huge for everyone. I am not saying I am perfect it doesn’t bother me as much as
before. There are times I have to ﬁght within myself.
Even the conﬁdent of us are human beings can feel the noise of social
conditioning.
It sometimes creeps on you.
Here’s how you feel it.
See a woman or guy you like, and stand there and now you’re going to feel all the
stuﬀ and it goes crazy. You’re wondering why you are like that. You’re whole body
behaves diﬀerently.

When you walk away and she or he is out of your sight, it simmers down.
So for a shy guy, well, can be very tough.
It’s like this..
He has cells in his body. The biological and psychological, all the images,
information, date, his upbringing, fears, insecurities kick in fast.
There is the..
“Hey dude, let’s have fun, talk to people, yeah! Look girls. Yeah! Let’s give
value, let’s just converse, ﬂirt, naturally get to know her.”
But then you got survival mode kicking in and all those years of social
conditioning that taught your self worth is deﬁned by how someone accepting
you, what you look like, how many approve of you, who is following you, who
says yes to you, you’ll be burnt, judged, ostracise, no you can’t do this and you
can’t do that because…well….social norms says so……and all kind of fears kicks
in.
So that part will say…
“Hey listen! I AM HUNGRY! FEED ME! I AM HUNGRY! FEEEEEED ME!”
“But let me talk to the girl. Help me out here!
“First Feed me! I want validation! I want acceptance! I want approval! Feed me
with your fears, insecurities, doubts. I am hungry!”
“But can’t we work together”
“I AM HUNGRY! NO! FEED ME NOW! NOW! NOW! FEED ME!”
So then this takes over because the guy didn’t know how to balance these two
together in a way it works for him. He hasn’t gone out of his comfort zone before.
He hasn’t done this many a time. This is a diﬀerent routine for him.
The noise of social conditioning is too loud and strong. He hasn’t learnt to do
what is necessary to tame it and so, it is loud, stronger than him and controls his
thoughts, emotions, biological, psychologically and physiology.
He’s beein hiding in shadows all that time and kept there by social conditioning
and by telling himself, he’s shy, he’s this, he hasn’t got that, and hasn’t got this in
his mind for years. Lots of things that’s in his system, mind, programming going
round and round. He hasn’t done the work to be stronger. He made his
personality, his shyness and all kinds of this as an excuse, an anchor, a comfort in
which he now feels and hears the ever strong bellowing voice calling from the
deep pit of his insecuries.
“I AM HUNGRY! FEED ME WITH YOUR INSECURITIES! FEARS! FEED ME!”
It’s like he knows what he wants but he has slammed the brakes. OnE foot is on
the intent to show he is attracted to her but one foot is on the brakes.
Immediately he is hesistent. Too late! It got him!
The conﬁdent guy doesn’t put brakes on. He slams the accelerate down and he
moves forward, leading towards the girl and shows his intent in a fun and playful
way.
But not for the shy guy because one foot is on the intent and one foot is on the
brakes. the girl can easily sense that negative, awkward and awful vibe. It can
make some girls get turned oﬀ immediately and make them feel creeped out.
The lack of conﬁdence unsettles the girls.
Girls, will see you instantly and can sense you lack conﬁdence. They look at your
behaviour. They are watching and have already noticed the shy guy and any guy.

They just seem like they didn’t notice.
But man, do they notice because the brain is always working for us to detect
threat, any slight noise, shape, movement and light shimmering to protect us. So
the girls will have noticed the guy looking, watching, pretending and hesitent.
This is the same thing that happens to average guys who see a girl and they just
freeze. They want to go and talk to her, say hi, converse but there feet is also on
the brake and too late.
Social conditioning hits them hard without them even realising it.
This is why when I see a girl, I move instantly, fast before the brain starts
shouting FEED ME!” I move, no brakes, just metal on the peddal,
But the shy guy, he’s made the mistake to be undecisive always. He’s a prisoner of
social conditioning but a prison where the door is wide open to leave. Many do
not leave that prison.
Why?
It’s far too comfortable. Safe from pain, Safe and quiet from rejections. Safe and
hidden and away from then noise.
So any time a shy guys sees a girl..
It happebns again, “FEED ME!” and this takes over.
It makes the guy behave irrational, nervous, focusing on his insecurities.
“FEEEEEEEEEEED ME!” Gets louder, louder and louder.
You’re heart feels like it’s in your throat. You’re legs start to wobble. You can feel
your ﬁngers or lips tremble. You imagine the worse and it’s not a nice feeling. It
makes you feel sick. You can feel it climbing your chest.
“FEEEEEEEEEEEED ME!” It keeps shouting louder and louder.
Thoughts in your mind will be...
1. Will she like me?
2. But what if I get humiliated?
3. Her friends will know
4. My friends will know
5. The whole school will know
6. What if she’s busy
7. What if I get her upset
8. What if I lose her
9. Wait! What if the other guy gets her
10. I need to compete! Compete!
11. I haven’t dated before
12. What do I say
13. If she does this, what do I do?
14. Oh man, this is so hard. I am stressed out!
15. No. I need to walk away!
16. I can approach later. Yes, she looks busy
17. I got tomorrow. Plenty of time.

18. Hmm, maybe best just be her friend before I do something like that
Then he can’t take it anymore and so he feeds the social conditioning by reducing
anxiety with walking away to the comfort zone.
He fantasizes instead because it’s safe.
He creates stories in his head that he’s a super hero and one day, she will notice
him. He imagines all kinds of scenerio and these make him feel better. He feels
safer, he feels comfort, all those nice feelings and he sees himself brave in the
fantasy world.
One day he will save her.
He will talk to her tomorrow….tomorrow….tomorrow never never comes.
He goes right back to the comfort zone and the voice goes quiet again until he
sees another girl he’s attracted to hear the noise again..
“FEED ME! I AM HUNGRY! FEED ME!”
15.1k Views · View Upvoters

Does divorce screw up kids or does living with parents that do
not love each other screw up kids?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not the divource that screws up children it’s this:
1. Talking negative about the father/mother
2. Using the children against each other
3. Playing mind games with children to get back at father/mother
4. Staying together, faking they like each other when I know they didn’t.
5. Arguments that are so crazy and being in the middle
6. And all kinds of shit
That’s what screws up children not divource.
Adults who don’t give a shit about anything but winning against each other. I use
to get sick of hearing from both, mother and father talking shit about each other
to me. I go there and I hear the shit. I go here I hear it.
Both sides behaving like immature sick adults.
The day I could leave, I left them both.
I still kept in touch sometimes but man, I stayed away from the drama. It’s toxic
and it’s just emotionally draining.
I used to watch Peter Pan a lot when I was a child and wished I could fuck oﬀ from
place of adults and be there. It got that bad.
Shit childhood.
Drama always in house
Bat crazy when divource happened
So it’s not the divource that screws up children. It’s the emotional games,
manipulation and all kinds of behaviour divource parents do that impact you. It
can scar you for a long time.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

He just used me for sex and hurt my feelings. I can't get over it.
He further depleted my self esteem. How do I come out of this
sadness?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So what you’re saying is..
1. You couldn’t open your mouth to say “No, I don’t want sex.”
2. You are not responsible for your sexuality
3. You don’t own your sexuality but men do?
Look. I understand you’re hurt, dissappointed it didn’t work out. You’re angry,
emotions kicking oﬀ. That’s understandable.
But watch it with you starting blaming.
It’s a deep rabbit hole and it takes a very long time to get out of. In fact, if you say
that to yourself, one day you will meet a guy who is really into you and push him
away for not owning your sexuality and being responsible for your sexuality.
He’ll just walk away just by hearing one sentence from you that is negative and
that he has heard before and will think..
“No, I can’t be bothered with this drama.”
No guy of conﬁdence and self worth and anyone else for that matter want to be
near someone behaving as a victim.
Take your time to cry and ﬁlled with emotions.
Take your time to recollect yourself.
Take your time to heal and seeing things objectively
Then go out and live
And take responsibility for decisions you make including sex.
Men are sick and tired of the “he used me for sex.”
It’s the oldest cliches to date with hearing women who say they are not
responsible for their own sexuality.
15.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do women like intelligent men but with an average body?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, intelligent woman, not so intelligent woman like:
1. Man who lead
2. Capture their emotions
3. Validation from man when they realise “OMG! I Feel…..”
Get it?
Feeling.
You are focusing on your insecurities instead of focusing what state of mind do I
need woman to be in and how to get her there.
You also focusing details, content, age, height, usual stuﬀ.

When you and many of the guys on here and women by the way, talk about their
average look, height, colour, education, income, no job or has a job, intelligent,
knows 4 languages or not - it’s not about the women.
It’s all about the ego. The self.
It’s all about..
“How can I get some.”
You can’t ask this question if you are uncomfortable to give without seeking
validation. You need to be at a comfortable level when you’re talking attractive
woman - it’s not a big deal. She can sense your value is high.
It’s a feel.
Women feel and they can lean and kiss because of the vibe you give.
Plenty of women have all that and even prettier. It’s not a big deal.
It’s the same reason why people ask..
“It’s just I can’t convince myself such things can happen.”
Like they expect me to convince them. If I did it in front of them they still won’t
be convinced. They will give me all kinds of excuse. When I try to highlight their
blindspots they call me arrogant and ignorant.
Reason why comments are closed.
So I won’t even bother convincing anyone but saying it as it is and one who really
wants to ﬁgure it it, will do so.
You’re question is asked due to lack of experience and no clue about women.
Women will say all sorts and they means sod all at best of times when it comes to
dating.
The amount of time I said a lot of shit and created emotions in women, has still
this day perplexed many women themselves.
You’re role isn’t..
“Do I look good enough for a woman?”
“Do I have a height ok for a woman?”
“I’m average looking. Will attractive women like me, and be interested in me?”
“I got a big belly and beard, will they like me?”
That’s not your role.
Leave that for women who check their eyes in the mirror in the rest room and
pouting their lips, and seeing if their hair is ok. Leave that for guys who don’t
have value to bring to table and make details as some excuse.
You’re role is bringing the vibe, the emotions, the feelings and making the woman
feel she desires you instead of bringing your insecurities.
So..
1. LEAD! Far too many guys don’t lead and don’t know how to.
2. Learn to capture their emotions.
3. Make them feel.
4. Then they will work hard to try to get validation from you because;
5. “OMG! I sense it with this guy…..”

Women do not know who the right guy is.
They just know how it feels like.
That means you’re not good at making them feel in a certain way. You’re very,
very good at focusing on your own insecurities and being this guy who behaves
like some nice guy who desires so much validation from women…that you’re
afraid to…just…let go.
In fact you know what you need to do.
Go to lots of women and say something complete playful, fun, and shit too. Like
you don’t care. Forget even getting a number, a date, relationship and sex.
You’re too much in your head and seeking validation.
That’s what this question is.
“Can I impress a woman if I am this height this, have no hair, or got some hair?”
“Can I impress..”
Women get enough of these guys. They can pick dozens of them right now with a
sna[ of their ﬁngers and it be easy.
Those that can’t are unapproachable and don’t know how to behave in a manner
to get any guy’s attention.
So get out of your head and focus on your true role.
Bring the vibe. Make a woman feel. Let go, move the cameras away from you and
out onto the world.
Bring the…
1. Excitement
2. Arousal
3. Captivating
4. Danger
5. Leads
6. Challenging
7. etc.
Be yourself and I mean not the nonsense people talk about.
You got a piece in you that’s fun.
You got a part of you that’s brave.
You got a part of you that’s cocky and playful
You got a part of you that takes risk
You got a part of you inside right now that leads.
See what the woman you like and the enviroment too?
Is she a money making big type business woman and at a party.
Then behave like a man who leads and don’t give a damn but in a playful way.
Don’t supplicate her. Don’t seek her validation but work it that she seeks yours.
See a woman you like? Is she adventureous. Then dig into your adventure part of
you. You got it inside of you. Bring that to the forefront and project some crazy

fun adventure role play and plant a seed a future [projects and seed in her mind.
Be playful.
Is she shy? Is she intelligent? Same thing. Suss out what woman she is and then
bring out that ﬁts. You will never be able to do this if you don’t focus on the
woman to gather intelligence as you ﬂirt to use it then to arouse her in a way it
connects to her values, her world and personality.
You adapt as you always have in life and in many situations.
Then do so with women but focus on them not your insecurities.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Guys: how do I stop being put in the "friendzone"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can only share from my personal experience. It’s like I just know. They behave in
a certain way:
1. She follows social norms, traditions and delusioned dating rules she
seems to think work. They don’t.
2. She behaves like she wants a relationship after the ﬁrst date
3. She uses sex like it’s the prize. Doesn’t realise even in relationships a
man can walk away. Even in marriage a man can walk away. So he knows
it is social programming..
4. She builds comfort too soon instead of ﬁrst building attraction and
sexual intimacy
5. She ﬁts well for nice guys who will wait for her for months but I’m a
lover, and she needs to show me why I should stick around. She hasn’t.
6. Conversation too logical and no emotional connection
7. Has no clue on how to ﬂirt and gets too serious and kills the mood
8. She’s behaves like a friend, platontic and nothing sexual in behaviour
towards me
9. Therefore my sexuality for her is turned oﬀ and I just categorise her as
nothing more than a friend. What’s the point because that’s how friend
behaves. I’m not there to date a friend but someone who desires to be a
lover and is attracted in me in a certain way.
10. So she behaves like a sister and guys do not want to date their sister.
They want to date an attractive, conﬁdence, sexually conﬁdent woman
who is in the know and has matured from the “all guys give a shit about
sex.” You’re a woman. I’m a man. It’s not rocking science. If that bothers
you then date an asexual. Yes, go and date a guy who wants to be friends,
no sex, no romance, no physical touch whatever.
Win-win situation right there.
So if she wants to behave as a friend, I’ll treat her as a friend not as lover. Then I
just move on approaching other women even if she’s with me and a circle of
friends.
Her problem if she is still attracted and sticks around.
I’m not putting a gun to her head to orbit around me. I did say I am not interested
anymore and feel it’s not going to work for us.
Sounds familiar?

Take a look behind you. I’m sure you and many women who are your friends,
have a long line of guys who you also walked away from because they just didn’t
seem to do it for you too.
Same then for men with women.
;)
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it evil to reject someone that's in love with you on the
background of looks?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I do it all the time.
You know why?
That person deserves much better treatment than pity, feeling sorry for the
person. I won’t do that. No one deserves that.
I am not cruel either.
I say to the woman I am very ﬂatterd but I’m not interested. I admire how she did
that as I don’t see many women as conﬁdent as her.
Or if it’s a friend, I say the same and I mention I’ll always see them as a friend.
I reject but I do so in a polite manner because it took courage for someone to do
that. It took them stepping out of the comfort zone.
So I won’t make them feel bad about it but rather, respectfully and politely say no.
6 Views · View Upvoters

Most guys believe girls love bad guys. Is it true? Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s your deﬁnition of bad boy?
Is the stuﬀ most women and men feed you with, the Hollywood abusive guy, the
guy who shits on women, treats them like nothing?
Oooh disaster for relationship. We’ll come to that later.
There are other types of bad boys a lot of girls go for.
The reason girls go for these bad boys is due to this..
“Feelings.”
He knows how to make her feel.
They are….
1. Conﬁdent
2. Honest is saying what they want from a girl
3. Honest in their sexuality
4. They own their sexuality rather than hide it
5. They approach immediately instead of orbiting and staring at girls
6. They have mastered the art of arousing girls
7. They know how to build attraction

8. They know how to transition to conversation in a fun, playful nonawkward way
9. They know how to frame and re-frame a conversation.
10. They qualify and challenge girls opinions
11. They have options
12. They have resources
13. They are exciting
14. They are adventureous
15. They are daring
16. They have passion for life
Of course most girls go for these guys and then grow up as woman, bullshitting
everyone else these guys are not good, waste of time for relationships blah blah
blah.
Easy to say that when they had got what they wanted, had their fun, slept, had
sex, done that many a times to now want stability.
Bad boys = Lovers
Whether people like it are not, they do one thing that most guys don’t do?
You guessed it!
They are honest on what they want from the girl.
A girl knows immediately this guy is a bad boy lover. She knows what’s on oﬀer.
She knows what’s coming but what she doesn’t know is if he’s the one.
When he sees a girl, he doesn’t wait, circle around her or waits for weeks. He
doesn’t try to befriend ﬁrst and instead grabs her attention with:
1. Fun approach. He keeps it down to earth, fun, not serious to remove
awkardiness and to diﬀerentiate from all the guys who do the reverse.
Let me put it this way. 90% of guys would not do what he does.
This is conversation for guys who have problem with girls..
Guy - Hi.
Girl - Hi
Guy - You around here? (or) what brought here to party?
Girl - Came with friends
Guy - Me too
Girl - Great. Listen got to go to my friends. Great taking with you.
Now let’s see bad boy lover at party and let’s say her mum is their and
woman is 30 years old with her mum
Bad boy - Hey you (picks her up) Time for a swim
Her - OMG! No please
Bad Boy - What you think MOM. I have to do it!
Mum - (amused)
Bad boy - Lowers her and arms around her walks to mum (Hey, I’m
Robin. I think your daughter is attractive and I see where she got her
genes from ;)
Mum - (mum giggles)
Bad boy - Anyway I got to rob a bank today. I am in the maﬁa, But I also
did a gang bang, and a shoot by and run and grab.

Mum - Oh you’re trouble
Bad Boy - Yes I am so much trouble but hey, you’re daughters will have
photos that will make your friends get jealous :)
See the diﬀerence.
Yes, he’s talking a load of bollocks. Nothing but stupid idoitic stuﬀ but
you see, he’s not using logic. He’s not kissing ass. He’s using attraction.
He’s showing social intiution! Conﬁdence. Sweeping her oﬀ her feet!
Unpredictable, taking risk, he doesn’t give a damn, fun, ﬂirty, and this is
exciting. This is now a guy who just took on every guy around her and he
has validated her.
You’d never in a thousand years see average guy do that in such a setting
but that is why he is diﬀerent. You never know what he would do or
where he be coming from. He won’t be looking at her for 10 minutes. He
just goes for her and grabs her attention like no guy nice guy who is
acttached t the outcome can.
He is showing his intent right in the face of her mum and also he has the
balls to detach from the outcome.
Most guys can’t even approach one girl never mind a woman with her
mother.
Here’s the best part. He knows how to treat diﬀerent girls diﬀerently. So
if he sees she’s the shy, he knows how to approach her and it be a very
diﬀerent way. He has experience to do so.
2. He seeds the idea. He paints a picture of what can happen and as he does
this he arouses her emotions.
3. He Time Bridges. He escalates her emotions to lead her fantasies but he
also engages her to talk on what makes her…feel…good.
4. He then qualiﬁes her and by that he wants to know if she’s his type and
not the other way round! He is qualifying her and he knows she is
assessing him anyway. If she doesn’t put eﬀort in then he knows she
probably be one of those girls who be hard work or she ﬂakes.
5. He uses physical touch like it’s part of the conversation and ensures he
doesn’t make her look like anything around people she knows. He knows
people judge and up their asses with judging people. So he doesn’t want
to make it awkward for her and make it hard for her in the world she lives
in.
6. He gets gets her number. Talks some more, about a minute and leaves.
Notice two things.
`1. He didn’t ask for the number in the beginning. He ﬁrst built attraction and
qualiﬁed her. He focused on creating the mood…the feelings not his insecurities.
2. He didn’t ask her for the date. We don’t ask there for the date. What we bad boy
lovers do is use the tools such as text and phone to build on attraction even more,
seduce on text, role play for her to be sexual and so, when she meets, then kissing,
embracing and holding hands have been dealt with. She knows this will happen
the moment they set eyes on each other.
If he ﬁnds she is not being sexual and she is being insecure about it, he won’t
meet her. There is no point. He is not dating a friend. He’s a lover and he expects
her to behave as a lover.

You don’t have to agree wih this or like it. You don’t even have to be convinced by
it. Just look at your life and ask yourself..
“Has what I did worked for me consistently?”
There is your answer. I’m not here to convince anyone. No one could convince me
and so I had to go and do and that’s how I get convinced. I do it, collect real life
self reference, tweak, reﬁne and go for it again.
It is how it is.
That’s how we bad boy lovers behave.
If we don’t seek validation from girls, why would we from guys who want us to
convince them? It don’t make sense asking guys like me to convince anyone. We
don’t because we cannot compete with socially conditioned mind.
If you live in a world you never seen this, you never believe it.
You got to see it, to believe it, right?
No, because you will still say he is better looking, he is this and that, and so on.
Same old bullshit all over again because that mind hasn’t changed. It will
continue to not believe and I’m not wasting my time trying to convince people.
I am answering a question.
So this is how it is for bad boy lovers.
Later, the next day we use the tools to help build attraction, and little comfort, to
lead to meet up. She knows it’s a date because what do lovers do when they meet?
1. They smile and embrace
2. They touch and kiss immediately
3. They hold hands
Majority of guys ask the girl out right there but what they don’t realise they miss
one fundamental steps. They have to build more on the attraction. They know if
they asked for date there and then, the attraction would have died down and she
would probably ﬂake out due to low energy mood feelings.
This is why the very beginning, if you don’t make her feel alive, and “OMG! WHO
IS THIS GUY! I LOVE HIM! HE’S EXCITING. I FEEL…..”
You are done. It’s very hard for her to remember you or feel much when you call.
She be very cold. Or never pick up and reply. However you make her feel like this
then you will get lots of numbers and more of these numbers will be success for
you.
You’ll have options.
When we do have the number and phone we use it to build on attraction. We use
call back humour. That is why the texting and phone is for.
It’s not for talking lots for talking to impres and validate and ask her permission if
she like to go out.
It’s used for the goal of leading to the date by getting the attraction built again.
Getting to feel the excitement again and building the trust.
So bad boys lovers know a great deal and they have the balls be diﬀerent and say
what they desire. They will go through many rejections.
But….they’ll attract plenty of girls too.
They got emotional and mind toughness.

They will walk away if she tries to be platonic or frame too early for relationship.
The bad boy lover doesn’t mind if she walks away either.
Most guys haven’t got either because they are always in their comfort zone.
Additionally…
You know this myth that relationship bad boys end up diaster?
Guess what?
Not all do.
Plenty of people who are not bad boys and their relationship ends up with
cheating, aﬀairs, and divource. Battling in court. Using children against each
other. Fighting over resources. Ending the relationship bitterly.
Treating each other like they are enemies.
I’m sure you know many people who are not bad boy lovers and were in a
relationship had hard break ups. It went from good to disaster.
I am a lover. Have been in wonderful relationships, with multiple women who
have been dating me for 16 plus years.
We have a wonderful relationships. It’s exciting, we travel the world and we’re all
lovers who desire one another. I love spending money taking them out and they
do same with me. I love their company and sex is amazing. We feel free from the
social norms and traditions. Shackles throw away long ago.
The so called label people like putting on me “bad boy” has been going on and on
in my life but then I see some people’s who call me that and wonder..
“Jeeesh. You got to be kidding me?”
So let’s not go there with that nonsense that people love to spread to make
themselves feel better. You can be in a relationship with some mummy boy, a
nice guy, a doctor, teacher, a guy who is in army, a artist, lawyer, professor,
whatever and you’re relationship will end in disaster.
Plenty of such relationships end up in disaster and it has nothing,
whatsover to do with dating a lover/bad boy.
These stories may make one feel better but the reality is the bad boy lover attracts
the cream of the crop. They have options. They demonstrate masculinity and
conﬁdence that girls/women desire.
No, the bad boy doesn’t end up alone.
The bad boy lover doesn’t ﬁnd himself crying to sleep on his own.
The bad boy lover doesn’t end up broke. He’s very smart and most of us are
entrepreneurs and very good at what we do.
You ﬁnd a lover with tons of resources, and women pursuing him even in his 50’s.
They got it even then and here’s why..
People don’t remember you for what you know and got.
They remember and are attracted to how…you make them…feel.
So a girl, a woman doesn’t know who is the RIGHT guy.
She will knows how she feels.
Bady boy, lovers, or whatever pepople like to call us, know how to make women
feel. That’s what most guys just don’t get because they so focused on how they

feel.
See the diﬀerence?
Bad boys, the lover focuses on how to make her feel. He focuses on how to take
her state of mind where he want it to be. He focuses on giving her an exciting
experience in minutes for her to fantasize about him.
He focuses on her not his insecurities.
But most guys who fail focus on how they themselves feel. They focus a lot on
their own insecurities. They focus on their looks, height, IQ, colour, race, degree,
and all the stuﬀ and say..
“Will she accept me.”
They fear of rejection.
They focus on getting some ﬁrst instead of bringing value.
They try to impress her, putting her on a pedestal, kissing her ass and listening to
her sad stories AND even getting advise to be her so good friend and give
emotional support because maybe,…just maybe she open her legs for them.
I love it when I walk into a party and my girlfriends are there - they know storm
has come. They know a party is now going to living up because everyone there is
up their ass with fear.
They know it’s going to rock because I focus on my role.
Bringing the good vibe, the excitement, the mood, the danger, the feelings.
It’s become cliche thing nowadays with bad boys, lovers are so bad, disaster for
relationship etc cetre.
Such guys can believe how it’s bad boy fault but really, they know what the deal
is. They just got a lot to learn when it comes to girls and dating.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is this girl saving me for later in life when timing is better?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The key words “Potential Boyfriend” and “to live.”
You are a standby. You’re not exciting for her for what she wants right now. She
wants a lover, a guy who has conﬁdence, sexual experience ability. She is letting
you down easily because she doesn’t want conﬂict and awkwardiness.
In other words….
“I need to live” meaning “I want to fuck, have fun, not get so romantic serious and
you’re a guy too serious, looks like someone who is needy, and just too much for what
I want right now. If when sometime I have had my fun, my biological clock ticking
and I need a…nice….guy….romantic…who so into relationships…..who so serious
and all that, then I probably call you but don’t bank on it…”
So not only is it timing but you’re traites, the way you behave, probably tried to
get serious, maybe texting her a lot, or calling her a lot, not enough physical
escalation touching, played it safe, waiting too late for sexual intimacy which
when put together compound to how she feels about you.
Move on and approach other girls.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

She told me she likes me but her boyfriend died 2 months ago. I
always have to text ﬁrst. Am I wasting my time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Best to back oﬀ. You know, distance yourself mate. Let her grieve, go and see a
therapist. Amount of guys who then try and save a girl and get messed up when
she dates someone else, is high. Far too many chumps.
Don’t follow through if you are doing so to create comfort to date her. You invest
emotions with her and think something coming from it, you will ﬁnd yourself in
such deep mess and you will have wasted so much time.
Focus on building your resources, approach more girls, go and live.
She’s not putting any eﬀort. That’s a sign for you. She’s not ready.
I do not have time being therapist for women. They got family, relatives,
professionals for that. Life is busy at it is and if you want to date someone, you got
your work cut out for you too.
Focus on the priorities.
895 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jay Dee

Why do boyfriends act like jerks sometimes? And why suddenly
they become sweet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, you haven’t given any context to this and details. Much like many the
questions. So we have to assume and say…
The same reason why women act melo-dramatic sometimes, moody, silent and
unwilling to talk and then happy clappying the next.
He’s like you.
Human being with emotions, feelings, ﬂaws, imperfections, worries and
insecurities all rolled up in one.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are the advantages of living outside the comfort zone?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Sep 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Blind spots
You get to see lots of your blind spots and be able to tweak, reﬁne for
every situation. Example, let’s say for dating.
By doing lots of approaching, with diﬀerent types of women, diﬀerent
environments, one to one, group of women, and women with guys, you
gets to really see where you are in state of frame, knowledge, skill and
experience. You’d experience many feelings, get into many situations
that are new, old and the blind spots most average guy who stays in
comfort doesn’t see for you ﬁx.
2. Social Instinct
When you get out of a routine and out into many situations like these,
you are putting eﬀort in. You are shaking the brain in a way that it needs
to now create new path ways or reﬁne the old ones. Consistency is
important and so, when you put eﬀort consistently the unconscious
engages. When that happens you have growth. You develop what we call
social instinct.

You can approach and talk to any woman. You can approach groups and
engage them. You can transition from one conversation to another. You
know how to build on attraction in diﬀerent ways, capture emotions,
make a deeper connection and lead their fantasizes. You know what state
of mind you want someone to be and know how to lead to this state of
mind ﬁrst before asking for anything. You know it’s about ﬁrst creating
the mood and you know how to do it well.
3. Killer Instinct
It isn’t what it sounds like. When you push yourself to levels most won’t
due to fear of social pressure, seeking validations and acceptance, you
begin to step out of the big shadow called social conditioning. You begin
to do things most are insecure to do. You become bold, courageous and
you don’t care about who is looking, what someone else’s opinion about
you when you approach women or anyone. You are not hesitent. It
becomes a habit and now you have what most won’t. The killer instinct.
You see and you immediately approach. You become aggressive in
pushing yourself and you enjoy it too. You are not a push over anymore.
4. Resources
Because of these above, you’re resources grows very fast. I didn’t need
money growing large network of friends and associates oﬄine. My social
network oﬄine is MASSIVE to what I have online because most of my life
is in the oﬄine world, interacting with people, meeting people, and I
only use online for either sharing knowledge, for clients and some
friends. However, most do a lot oﬄine as that’s where I feel the real deal
is and online is ok, it helps but if oﬄine is weak, so will online.
So resources like lots of talented friends and associates. To businesses
who we swop our talents and we make money from clients anyway. We
also pass clients to each other and we don’t have that competitive state of
mind in trying to beat each other but rather encourage each other. You
can call it Master Mind. Collective minds, knowledge, skills, expertise
that share with each other to grow together and the world then is ﬁlled
with consumers to attract.
Resources like inﬂuential people such as promoters of night clubs, DJ’s,
Bouncers, and many more than help me get into places easily while
everyone is queing and it increases my social status value as well.
Resources in more income, more money and assets.
5. More Options.
I have diverse talents and skills due to push myself out of the comfort
zone. These attracted magazine editors, authors who are known for
illustrations, for copywriting persuasive sales copies, jobs, opportunities
which attracts wealth of income and assets.
Options also in that I don’t wait for one woman if she gives me hard time
or headache, or drama. I have many attractive women on my oﬄine
social network. I have the momentumn there and so I am not needy for a
woman to chase a woman for weeks on end like some guys who will even
chase a woman for years and wait if she says she isn’t sure and wants
time to make her mind up.
She can make her mind up by dating and seeing who I am. So I am not
going to wait. I have options if women play hard to get, do not respond
for weeks when I call or text. Most are surprised I can move on very fast

and some women here on Quora realised that the hard way. I have no
scarecity feeling like most people due to have built lots of options.
6. Wisdom
You see far more than most don’t. You know what most won’t. You have
experienced what most just read. You have lived many fantasies which
became real while many just read romance novels, watch porn movies,
and fantasize their life away.
You have wisdom and when you talk and when people see, they can see a
wealth of knowledge, expertise, insights, and talent in one human being
that makes them have hope. Especially if you’re someone like me, who
came from a poor background and hard life as a young lad. So it gives
hope as well but you can advise, you can see someone’s blind spots and
explain in detail why, what and how.
I have doctors, engineers, atheletes, coders, and people from so many
walks of life who come to me for knowledge on diﬀerent ﬁelds.
7. The Greatest Teacher
You become your own great teacher, learning from pushing yourself out
of the comfort zone. You have the whole world as your library to learn
from. Everywhere is an experience and a time to grow, to teach ourselves
about a lot more than what staying in the comfort zone can do.
8. Self Worth
You know how some people are afraid to say no? They get the worse
clients, the worse kind of friends, the worse type of people to be in
relationship with and on even the jobs they just cannot stand with
people they don’t like working with?
The process in the steps above makes a person who doesn’t say yes
because of seeking approval, acceptance and even to be loved or
appreciated. The person doesn’t say yes due to scarecity, lack of
resources, clients, taking jobs because “got to pay the bills, debts” when
you can still do that if you got the resourves, options and enjoy it.
You will get people testing you everywhere and even on here. Even on
your website and everywhere else. All thinking they can get some free
time from you but when you got high self worth and got the backup too
due to your behaviour that’s built what you now - you got balls to ﬁlter
out.
You got backbone to screen out people who try to dodge your system,
your process and don’t bother reading your proﬁle. You will notice the
moment you put boundaries in - the ones who want to take advantage
will dissappear very fast. The ones who are unwilling to pay for your time
will talk about trusying yu and you tell them to go and ﬁnd someone
then who they trust because this is your policy and they’ll dissappear. If
someone wants what you oﬀer but don’t ask politely you don’t have to do
business with them.
You will have more time to focus on people who respect your time, value
your expertise and what you have to oﬀer.
In other words, you know what you want and don’t want, and set the
boundaries. You’d educate people of these boundaries and your process.
Getting out of the comfort zone allows us to have more leverage, more
resourves, more options, connections to never sell ourself short in
business, social life, dating and jobs.

9. And Finally - Empathy
I have a lot of empathy. I really feel for the men and women when it
comes to dating and many other things in life. Thats because I have been
there, seen it, experienced it myself many a times and I have solved the
problem for me and many other people.
I understand the psychology behind their insecurities and the obstacles
they put in front of them. I understand their fears. I understand why
they focus on their looks and judge themselves harsly.
I understand many things they face and I empathise and feel for them
not in a pity way but in a way of understanding. In way how I can do
more to help them see what I see the amazing wonder in them.
I worry about clients and wonder how they are going. I want them to
succeed and enjoy life. I want them to solve their problems and I am
always hoping, they ﬁnd the courage to follow the process. So there are
times, when I am at the bar or home, wondering if so, so, is ok. How they
are doing.
If they followed through and if they found the courage to apply, and if
they don’t take rejection personally. If there is other ways I can help
more to help them realise the potential they have within them and the
ability for them to step out of the comfort zone to see the wonders I have
experienced and seen.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why all my boyfriends team up with my parents? How could I
avoid it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They sound immature to me but hey, you just have to appreciate that’s what it’s
like for many young guys. They just not men of experience.
Choose carefully and in the beginning say to the guys,
“I’m not looking to adopt a parent or date someone immature who kisses my
parents ass, and behaves like a parent. I date guys who behave as
boyfriends. So I don’t like this and that. You aren’t like that are you? Tell me
more about yourself?”
You can say it much nicer but you see what I’m getting at. This is just rought from
the top of my head.
So let the guy know what’s important to you in the very beginning, before you
date them, before you bring them home. Educate them in advance on how you
like guys to treat you when you are your parents and when you’re both alone too.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I am only attracted to extremely attractive girls but I'm quite
ugly. I just do not feel any attraction to anyone else at all—what
do I do about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I went to get some noodles. An attractive girl was standing there. Caught my eye,
kept eye contact and said..
Me - So while we are waiting for our order, where you from? (yes just like that)
Her - Russian And you?

Me - Russia too.! My parents are both white Russian (grinning)
Now if you know me, I’m a light brown arabian guy. Yorkshire lad from England.
So of course, she looked perplexed and burst out laughing.
Her - You’re not russian
Me - What you mean? Look at me. I’m Russian.
Her - I bet you don’t speak Russian
Me - Try me
Her - (she ﬂows with her lingo and I mean a lot and stops)
Me - I said try me. I didn’t say I know how to speak Russian
Her - OMG! Hahaha. You’re crazy
Me - I’m exciting. Look you’re still talking to me. Connection (wink)
So what am I getting at?
You’re talking about one thing. Looks.
But here’s what also attracts and is extremely attractive to women:
1. Excitement
2. Fantasy
3. He is willing to walk away
4. He has abundance mentality
5. Dominance in that he’s unfraid to have an opinion
6. He is Danger because he takes risks
7. He is Unpredictable because he appears like a suprise
8. He projects sexual experience and ability by his behaviour
9. He is driven with passion with or without a woman
That tells a woman you have the sexual experience and ability.
You lost the war in your mind already.
You called yourself ugly. This is the biggest crime you can ever deliver to yourself,
to your mind and your self image.
The worse kind!
When that happens, you have lost the girls already because they are so good at
assessing a man who has no conﬁdence, a man who puts them on a pedestal. It is
so easy to notice guys like that.
Just in their behaviour the guys of low self image does this:
1. They check out girls. Looking at them too long before they make a move.
2. They circle around the night clubs and around girls without making a
move.
3. They wait and wait and wait but do nothing to interact
4. They have a very fast jerky movements.
5. They ﬁdget a lot
6. They take little space and look closed in themselves
7. They stay in one spot of the bar and night clubs and look like predators
8. They give full body interaction to girls who haven’t yet shown any eﬀort
to show interest in the guy

9. They reward girls who behave bad with them, so these guys try even
more to be nice with them to be accepted and approved.
10. They play safe always and to please
11. They are afraid to escalate to create sexual tension
12. They hide their sexuality due to fear what girls might think
13. They complain and yet, haven’t put the eﬀort in investing in themselves,
and doing the work to ﬁrst learn to engage, interact, get to know women,
and be comfortable with talking to extremely attractuve women
They break every fundamental core steps you can imagine and women know how
to assess guys like that in seconds.
They never know he’s the right one.
They only know what’s in their map of their mind:
How a conﬁdent man behaves
How a lover behaves
How a platonic nice guy friend behaves
How a man who is intimidated by attractive women behaves
How a man with value behaves
How a man with social status behaves
How a man of life, woman and sexual experience behaves
How a man with social intuition behaves with women and men
How he behaves in diﬀerent social environments
How he behaves when she challenges him. He challenges her back
How he behaves with her friends
How he behaves if a cocky guy approaches and says something to him
They don’t know who is the right one.
They don’t know and you won’t know who is the right woman.
What women do know is what they FEEL.
They know how you make them…feel.
You don’t know it yet, but if you did what I did, you’re whole belief system will
change and you will realise, the extremely attractive women are insecure
themselves and probably more insecure than you can even imagine.
When you know what they desire, one thing, or two, it’s over.
They open up but the moment you try to tell them you feel you’re worthless, your
hair isn’t right, you feel down….they will dissappear from you so fast, you won’t
believe.
Yes, I have tried this. Tested it out thoroughly.
I can take attraction high and then kill it with one insecure sentence. It’s not so
hard to do. Women mate, though they are diﬀerent, with diﬀerent values, opinion
etc - they are very predictable.
I show you right now,.
Woman - I so love you. I want you

Now I do the insecure shit and I have done this many a times, with diﬀerent
women, and even women who say they ARE NOT SHALLOW, and women who
say they are not into looks but personality, done it all!
Woman - I want you. I want you to (expliﬁct hardcore words) :)
Me - Thing is I haven’t got good teeths.
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOSH!
Her attitude changes so fast you won’t believe!
I did this in front of guys to see. I did many of these, from insecurities about
height, looks, hair, job, this and that.
The moment you mention these BEFORE a woman has emotionally invested in
you heavily, and has had sex many a times, had dated you, got to know you for
real, then you are done.
She is gone!
Same goes for women as well.
If you do that with guys. Whoooooooooooooosh! They are gone.
You’re killing their fantasy. You’re ruining their illusion. You’re working agains
decades of social conditioning.
The problem is your own self belief and because of this, you haven’t put the
action in of a man who never quits, never gives up on himself to learn, to grow, to
get good at being conﬁdent for real to then have a real…life….experience as
reference that extremely attractive girls date you and have sex with you.
I cannot convince you or anyone here.
I don’t ever want to. It’s too hard and it’s a waste of my time. I got better things to
do like sharing knowledge and going out having fun, doing my own thing.
So you want to be convinced, you do what I did.
Get out of your comfort zone and do it.
Go in middle of crowd at some night club or even a cafe and you see a woman,
extremely attraction and I promise you - if you stay quiet, close yourself oﬀ for a
moment and listen.
You’ll hear social conditioning hitting on you very fast.
You’ll know because you’ll feel the fear. You’ll feel your heart race. You’ll feel the
seeking of validation and you’ll feel needy. You’ll feel like you got nothing to oﬀer.
You’ll focus on your insecurities.
You’ll worry what other people might think if she rejects you and even to say hello
to her you’re worried if anyone is looking.
You’ll feel yourself trembling a little and trying to hide it.
You got to quiten it down and you do so to ﬁnd comfort by walking away.
But if you go for it time and time again, something happens.
If you just have one or two of these experiences in your life, you’ll re-wired the
perception in your head and like me, an average looking guy, will never believe
the negative words you thought of yourself and you won’t believe society usual
nonsense they like to shove down you, either.
So let me give you a big massive hints.

1. Forget approaching these girls to get a date.
2. Instead ask yourself what state of mind do you want her to be in
3. Then get good at doing that ﬁrst and have fun doing it
4. Have fun turning her on so hard then smile, wink and do what I did for a
whitle. Walk away. It is the best feeling in world when you know how you
got them right in your hand but can walk away. You do this to remove the
neediness and anxiety you have. Forget goals on dating, sex and
relationships. It’s powerful when your mindset is just about bringing
value as you detach from the outcome.
Do that for two years, the way I did and watch how women now behave with you.
They won’t know what it is but they’ll know the FEELING of a conﬁdent man.
They’ll know because he’s bold, he’s got an opinion, he challenges them and he
has the guts to walk away just…like…that.
He is calm.
When you detach from getting a date and all that, it gives you room to do things
without pressure and to learn to be a strong man.
There are Weak Men and Strong Men.
You decide what you desire to be but I’m sure you’re smart enough to know what
extremely attractive women desire.
When they have tasted strong men, do you really think they will lower the bar to
reach DOWN to weak mean?
Only if they want to use them.
Only if they want to use them for emotional support.
Only if they want to use them to access other resources
Only if they want to use them to go shopping.
Only to show oﬀ to other women how she can seduce a man to be timid.
Only to show she has social status to other guys and other women.
Only to use him because she got bored.
Only if they want to use them to vomit their sad stories.
All this while they leave such weak men baﬄed on why she tell him all these
secrets and yet she doesn’t want to date, sleep with him and be in a relationship
with him.
Hint - they don’t desire a man who lacks self belief, behaves like he has
nothing to oﬀer. That is how high their self worth is.
They don’t want a brother!
They want a lover.
Looks are important but you are forgeting your most powerful tool.
Your real status.
It is in your behaviour.
Every girl will be diﬀerent in regards to what her values are, the opinions she has
of the world and herself, the things she desires but one thing is for sure.
It is FEELINGS.

They don’t want bad feelings. You got to bring the vibe, create the positive sexual
mood and you do that by your behaviour and your words. You got to change your
attitude because this attitude only makes you seem like an inexperience guy. Like
a teenager who is yet to understand life, girls and women.
You got to show you can handle yourself in their world without feeling
intimidated
You got to show you are a man of emotional strength and your mind is tough. You
got to be the man who makes even the good looking feel he’s messing with ﬁre
when you walk into the room like you own it.
So stop with “I’m ugly” and start with..
“How do I get her to feel this way?”
Learn how to. Figure it out.
Because she is already going to try to get into your head to do see who you really
are. Let go and get into her head to show her, by making her feel something she
can’t get from guys who get easily intimidated by extremely attractive women.
49k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend doesn’t believe in marriage but I do. Should I
leave him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know…
1. He doesn’t believe in marriage
2. You believe it’s important.
So you are both not compatible.
“Might.”
Yeah, and he might do a whole lot of things and you might too but it means
nothing.
In business, as an example I don’t do “might.”
I do “pay up right now if you want a skype session from me.”
I am even to the point that I choose who my clients will be and so, if someone
sends a message with a polite,”Hey Adam, I just want to know the information
regarding your skype session.” I can tell a person on how they ask for service or
help and I do let some who do not introduce themselves properly walk away
because I want respect too not just money.
You see? Boundaries. Self respect.
Know what I want and know my value to even turn clients away because money
and empy promises are not above my values.
In dating I don’t do “I don’t know, maybe, let me think about it.” I move on.
I don’t do “I want marriage ﬁrst before sex.” I move on.
I don’t do, “wait for me for a year until my parents say it’s ok.”
I don’t do “Yo give me info on your skype session.”
I don’t do, “I might..”

I know what I want and I say it. If the other person doesn’t want then we are not
compatible and they can keep their “might” where it belongs.
Very far from me because shame on me if I let someone take me for a ride when I
am experienced, mature enough and wise enough to know.
So if you cannot work it out where marriage is important to you, and he doesn’t
want marriage, then best you break up and be with someone who believes in
marriage in the ﬁrst place.
1. If you stay put. Don’t blame him if marriage doesn’t happen. He said how
it is. You heard it loud and clear from his mouth.
2. Or move on and ﬁnd someone compatible with you.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if suddenly you were the most popular
person on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I get 200k followers or more, then that means my income increased as well and
there be many people who want knowledge or skills, or something I can deliver or
cannot deliver.
So I would do the following:
1. Do a competition. Winner gets a cruise holiday or ticket to ﬂy to some
place like Italy/Rome or somewhere else. If they got a partner, lover. I’ll
send two so they can go enjoy themselves. Date be sorted, hotel for them
already booked and ready, or it be the cruise where it also stops in places
for them. I will then get someone else who like to be part of this giving to
each provide $500 to make $5,000 so the get pocket money on their
travels and let people know who gave what and how much etc.
2. The ones who didn’t get the cruise will still get something. Maybe a book
I am writing at the moment for free. Maybe “How To Have Women and
Men Desire you through conversation.” I am working on many books but
they take long because they are tested for more than a year. I don’t just
write. I have to test thoroughly.
3. For people who want services or skills, or knowledge I haven’t got, then I
made connections here who I trust. I will refer them to these businesses
or talents who they pay and who will solve their problem, look after them
4. I will also have good connections in who have techi skills and so, I’d
build a website that is organised, fun, and they can get knowledge on
dating, approaching, developing on social skills, examples what to say
and what not to. Also make it all into an app so if they got phone or
tablet, they can surf wherever they are too.
Plus templates to download on their phone to use when they get stuck
until they get real good, and start making their own stuﬀ, from their own
life and that’s when the fun really begins and their personality shows
through. That’s what scripts on approaching and conversations, to
seduction are for. A starter, based on what works but to then leave them
to have conﬁdence, experience now to do your own and ﬂow with it.
5. If I ﬁnd suggestions from my followers that will increase the value for
them and clients, etc, I will take it on board and implement.
So it be more about me giving back more to followers and those I trust and
strongly connected with here. It be easy to make it about myself but really, I like

to show appreciation and build more support, methods, ways to increase the
value into people’s daily lives in regards to dating, relationships.
That’s what I would do.
:)
624 Views · View Upvoters

My Tinder date ditched me mid-way through our date, then
proceeded to text me numerous times. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like you to step back for a moment and ask yourself - what type of guy pursues
one year?
I know the fallacies, myth in society that man woos woman but the ones who do
that for a year, tells you a lot about the guy..
1. He lacks options
2. He lacks social experience
3. He’s needy
4. He’s insecure
5. He lacks conﬁdence
6. He lacks self worth
7. He lacks belief
Now don’t get me wrong. I’m not saying you are not attractive and how guys will
never wait for you. I am not saying this.
I am saying to understrand the traites of a guy who would chase for a year.
If it was me, moment you said no, I am gone, I move on.
Now let’s say we met and dated, and some guys hit on you. I won’t feel
uncomfortable about it. You’re an attractive woman, and a woman anyway, so
men will hit on you.
I’m not insecure. It doesn’t say anything about you but it will on how you handle
the situation. Did you lap it up?
Did you give these guys more attention?
Did you take the opportunity to show this guy, and use it to your advantage that
you are into him, or you like the attention when others ﬂirt with you?
Did you tell the guys to fuck oﬀ because you’re with a “boyfriend?”
Did you walk away with the guy you was with?
You know the excuse girls give a lot to push guys away and we do walk away,
whether it is true or not. Most of us with self esteem will do anyway and so, if a
woman said that and she was interested - tough. Her fault for playing hard to get.
Either way, I will be assessing you on how you behave as you and every woman
assess a man on how behaves on these dates.
That’s why some women do not meet the guy on second date. Same for guys who
don’t meet woman for a second date.
However, see it that he felt insecure and whatever happened that is not included
in the details or he didn’t let on - then this made him back oﬀ. That it was out of

your control and that if he did date you, and you do have guys approaching you
often, it will just be arguments and trying to reassure him all the time.
It would be emotionally draining for you.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it bad to want to have a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is nothing bad about having a boyfriend or a girlfriend. There is also
nothing bad about not wanting a boyfriend or girlfriend.
It’s natural for you to want to bang some makeup, look good, feel good, so guys
Notice you. Nothing wrong with it.
So look.
Forget what society is saying to you.
If you want to look good, make up, get noticed by guys, go for it but just make
sure you’re safe. If you don’t want to and just want to focus on studies and all that,
and you got some passion about something to focus on, hey, cool, do that.
You can even do both if you like.
Don’t let anyone tell you you’re a bad girl, blah blah blah.
Relax.
You’re going to hear and see a lot of this as you step into world a bit more. So just
do what I did when I was 17 years old.
1. I nodded whatever one said
2. Walked away
3. And didn’t give a damn
4. I still went and did my thing
So you go and dress up. You go and put makeup. You go and get guys noticed. You
do so and don’t feel bad about it, guilty about it.
Nothing wrong with it and nothing whatsoever is wrong with you either.
So chin up, be proud of yourself, conﬁdent and in your head, put your middle
ﬁnger at the world :)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why would he say he has strong feelings for me, but wants to
reassess the relationship in a few months before starting right
away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He knows he made mistakes like this before due to infatuation and he was
immature for saying such things in just a few dates. So now, he’s reﬂected and
realised he needs to ensure he doesn’t make the same mistake.
It’s not an excuse.
The guy is saying to you what he feels and if you see this as an excuse then you’re
not ready for a relationship. Relationships takes time and cannot be assessed in a
matter of a few dates.

Why are you wanting to rush this?
Yes, we know women try and frame relationship already in their mind and got to
have that label to feel safe.
Listen to the guy. He’s telling you straight forward how he feels and you need to
take it for what he is saying.
He is saying to you, in other words, he has made such mistakes before, he doesn’t
want to lead you on and so he wants to make sure, he feels that way with you and
it’s not infatuation, chemicals only.
It’s very common for guys to do this. Being infatuated early, say:
“I love you,” and then realise if they are sensible, “damn I made a mistake. I need
to correct my behaviour because I really like her. I want to do this right for once in
my life.”
That is a good thing by the way.
He has manned up to his mistake in not controlling his emotions.
Don’t push it. It’s too early framing this into a relationship. You don’t know this
guy and he doesn’t know you.
So take it as good news and keep dating without pushing for a relationship, for a
couple of months. That’s what dating is about.
For people to see more of someone, to assess their feelings too and to then decide
if they like to be with this person in a relationship.
If that’s not for you and you want fast relationship now, then say so and walk
away. He is saying what he wants and if what he wants is not compatible to what
you want, fair enough. Call it quits and move on.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I tell my crush that "I've been your prisoner since the
day you found me"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’ve been watching far too many Hollywood or Bollywood movies. You do that
in the real world and I promise you, you be zoned so deep, you will never ﬁnd
your way to get out of the hole you dug yourself in.
Stop being serious and romantic.
Nothing has happened for you to claim such things to the person. You will create
awkwardiness and uneasiness and creep the person out.
Leave all the lovey, dovey for much later when they have dated you, got intimate
with you for at least some months.
This is the real world not some movie.
You will creep the person out.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

When will I stop feeling nervous around girls? Will it ever stop?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Remember the ﬁrst day you knew you’re going to school. It’s new. It’s change and
it can be scary. So you go to school with nerves kicking oﬀ. You’re emotions on
overdrive. You expect the worse.

You want to be liked so much it makes you nervous.
You want to be accepted, approved and validated so much you are in your head
and not focusing on having fun.
It’s all due to fearful of being rejected even for a talk.
Worried what someone else thinks of you.
You don’t know anyone there and you’re not use to the environment.
You’re not used to brain washing drills of moving one class to another. Stuﬀ that
gets you ready for the corporate world if you behave in a manner the corporate
world looks for. You know, do as you’re told, get A’s, good grades and have good
attendance.
But after a few months you are now ok. Settled in.
The nerves you gradually disssappear and there will be some other things you
will need to get used to and you do through time.
Years later, you are 35 years old and you’re back from your travels or job which
took you away from mum, dad, other relatives, friends and the streets you hanged
around and the places you was very familiar with.
After you unpacked, you say to your relatives you’re going out for a walk. You are
going to visit some old friends. As you walk through many familiar places, you
see the school that made you nervous and all the stuﬀ that got to you.
You have lots of regrets.
How you wish you socalised more. How you wish you knew what you know now
to not give a damn aboout who thinks about you.
You wish you asked this girl and that girl out.
You wish you just took more chances.
You wish you just let it go and did more living.
You see so many opportunities you missed due to lack of belief and this need to
want to be accepted, approved to ﬁt in let you live far too long in the comfort
zone.
All this has now become so small.
1. The school don’t look as big as you saw it when you was a teen.
2. The yard isn’t so big as you saw it as a teen.
3. The place deserted, old and it ain’t as intimidating as before.
4. The bully you knew is not much of a threat.
5. The girls you feared have grown to girls that you wonder why you was so
nervous about - and - why were you into them anyway!
Did the school shrink?
Why do somethings now seem so small and not that scary?
Because you have grown.
1. You stepped out of your comfort zone
2. You went to bigger places like college, university or straight to job
3. You had to be social with others or you cannot get along with the team

4. You also realised you were lacking in other skills and so the learning
doesn’t stop, because being yourself is utter nonsense in world because it
doesn’t mean quit. It means ﬁgure out how to get better.
You realised and went ahead and invested in training, knowledge, gain
more experience beacuse no one cares if you be yourself.
People care about themselves and only care about you if you take
interest in them, if you put eﬀort in, if you break the ice, if you be
courageous enough to say hello, if you ﬂirt, if you converse, if you make
them feel alive, if you can solve problems for them, if they want
something from you, if they are attracted to your values, traites,
resources or even your looks.
So when you came back, you came with new knowledge, skills, experiences and
many a things you believed in….don’t believe in anymore.
You grew.
You grew from within you and that is why you are where you are right now,
nervous. Life is telling people like you that it is time to grow.
To get out of your comfort zone and move forward.
I am not telling anything you don’t know. I can sit with a 12 year old and say this
and he and she will know.
Don’t pretend you don’t know what you need to do.
You do that and you are belittling the greatness in you. You know what you need
to do. You have always solved this problem.
When you was nervous about riding a bike, what did you do?
You went ahead and rode that bike, fell many a times, got hurt but you got up
again and again, and again until your mind and body was in sync to ride that bike
eﬀeciently like you always rode that bike.
So you know what to do if you’re nervous with girls.
You will get rejected. You will fall but you will always get up and do again, and
again, and again because you know these girls who reject know nothing about
you.
Life is telling you, if they cannot see your value, the inside qualities, then they
don’t deserve your time. You are just going there to engage and if they do not
behave in a way you feel ﬁt, you can scratch them out of your mind and not give a
damn, and move on to talk to some other girls.
You do the same thing you always did.
You do more of what makes you nervous UNTIL you grow.
Until you learn how to do it without being so nervous. Until many AHA! moments
come to you to do it better.
It is not rocket science.
Sure, if you want me to explain the psychology and science of it, it be no problem
but I am not going to. There’s no need to.
You know the answer to your question.
Just come from a powerful place that you are bring value and don’t do it to seek to
be accepted and to ﬁt in.

3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kali Mena

I showed a girl a video of me working out does that do anything
to change the girls mind about liking or disliking me as a crush?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very rarely, because you are missing the point with girls.
Girls….
1. Feelings
2. Excitement/Danger
3. Arousal
4. Surprise/Unpredicability
5. The lover type adventurous
6. Good with conversation to engage her emotionally
7. A sense where she FEELS you’re diﬀerent than insecure chumps who
talk about their income, job, status, physique
You went the logical way and well, you see the result now.
You showed neediness.
Desperation
Like a clown perfoming for her
Content/details/facts about your look
These do not connect emotionally EXCEPT of logistics where the mood is already
there. So night club, music pumping, drinks, atmosphere fun/sexual/dance,
lights/ and you’re dressed and look good.
She sees you, and you approach, you ﬂirt, show your status in your behaviour and
you do not ﬁll the gap like you did with the video.
You let her fantasize about what is inside the package by capturing her emotions,
leading her fantasy, getting her to work and show eﬀort she’s into you.
Escalating with touch, humour, excitement by leading her and a little, tiny
comfort in beginning because if you do too much comfort - it ruins the sexual
tension and she assumes in her mind at an unconscious level your is going to be
a……friend.
You know, the nice guy approach who plays safe and lacks
knowledge/skill/experience in making connectioning with girls.
Yes, show intent in the beginning but do so in an attractive manner that appeals
to girls emotional language. I am not saying girls are not logical but their logic is
for something else. If logic kicks in, well you see now the result.
Plus, if she is not interested in you, it’s even worse.
She’ll psychologically seduce you to be submissive, passive and ask questions like
what you did wrong like she’s only girl on the planet. Her behaviour controlled
you to behave in this manner to go further to ask this question here.
If you had high status inside you, you won’t care.
She’s one girl and you’ll continue testing out this approach on many diﬀerent
girls to see what works. Maybe you don’t do that in the beginning but later on as a

fun way, making it a bit fun and has context in prevuous conversation. Maybe you
ﬁnd it doesn’t work in this way and so you change your approach.
In other words - you lack the fundamentals.
Fundamentals is how you behave. Girls/women are great assess of men. They
always assess guys by their behaviour in seconds. Sure, she be grabbed by man’s
look but she assess many other things too which is why, so many guys who focus
on their looks alone, become insecure, say to themselves they ugly miss the point.
There are other things to project if you have wanting in certain genetics. You can
project traites that convey:
Excitement/Danger
Fantasy
Willingness to walk away
Abundance mentality
Dominance as in leading, not a push over
Unpredictability
Sexual (experience/ability
Driven by passion with or without her
Mystery
Spontaneity
So many things you could have projected and so many characteristics, traites
guys who make excuses about their looks can convey but don’t.
Which by the way reveals your inexperience and immaturity in this matters when
it comes to attracting and dating girls.
Attraction must be there ﬁrst and you don’t build attraction like that exept if she’s
a woman on craiglist who is just wants to get down, and usually she’s an escort
putting such adverts or spamming trying to make money to lead guys to some
dumb video cam sites.
Or she’s some lonely girl/woman who is married/boyfriend, bored and gets oﬀ
sending back naked images of herself or someone else, pretending it’s her and
then disaappears because she craves attention even more to do same to other
guys.
Or there is some context to it all.
I don’t see fundamentals here but neediness and immaturity.
Take it as a lesson. Take what I am saying not to heart but as wisdom to ﬁnd out
what I mean. Read, learn, ﬁgure it out and get better at conveying attractive
qualities but most of all - make sure she has worked, put eﬀort to show she’s
interested in you.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I wait for this girl until she's ready?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have a rule..
1. I will wait for Pizza delivery
2. I will wait for a resturant meal

3. I will wait for the bus
4. I will wait for the tube train
5. I will wait for the plane to land and board it
But…
There is one thing I will never do and it is this one thing = I will never wait for a
woman who doesn’t know whether she is interested or not.
So I won’t wait,
When a man waits for a girl, he is conveying to her at an unconscious level that he
has no options. He has no standards. He has no self respect.
And so, if the she is really interested then show it or I will take hesitancy as a no
and move on.
Here’s another reason why,.
When you wait for someone, you are putting your life on hold. For what? For
someone who doesn’t know if she’s interested or not?
While she goes oﬀ doing whatever she wants, and you wait.
So no. I won’t wait.
I won’t wait if she is going through divorce. I won’t wait if she’s other end of world
and says she won’t be here for years. I won’t wait for her to make her fucking
mind up. I won’t wait if I am older and I ﬁnd she is younger, with logistic
problems, family strict and religious, waiting to dump her boyfriend….and all
that. I won’t wait until she ﬁnished studies.
I won’t wait because I know my value and if she can’t see that, she is not entitled
for me to wait for her.
In fact, she is entitled to nothing and so, until she puts eﬀort showing interest in
me and be proactive about it, I won’t be waiting.
You don’t want to be like most guys waiting to ﬁnd out she is with someone else
when you could have invested time approaching others.
Can she give your time back, if she suddenly said, 5 years later…
“I didn’t say I am into you. I said I will think about it. Anyway I am now
dating/engaged/married, (whatever) to a guy I love.”
She doesn’t give a damn and she cannot give you these years back.
If it was some hot hunk she fantasises about, she won’t wait a second. She be
excited and want to meet and date, and kiss, and even have sex. All the things she
did and does to other guys she cannot do to him because he knows he is of high
social value or an equal.
It’s your life.
You do what you will with whatever context it is in.
But I sure won’t be waiting for any woman who can’t make her mind up that she
wants to be me. I am a man of options. Man of resources and in a world ﬁlled with
women who will say YES now.
To me, when a woman shows hesitancy and tells me to wait for her to think about
it, is not good enough. She hasn’t even invested.
She hasn’t emotionally invested. She hasn’t dated, romanced, had intimacy, had
sex which changes the value now about him even higher because when women

have sex with men, they bond and so now there is more stronger bond.
Not always but the value, the attitude towards this man is now very diﬀerent.
Higher than seeing him as platonic or a chump but rather a potential suitor for
her. In other words, she has now emotionally invested physically and sexually.
But here, we don’t see this and there is no details showing she has done so.
Man who has value, self worth knows when to walk away.
I would walk way and move on.
She needs to know you’re not so available and when scarcity is there, when one
realises a man has balls to walk away, she don’t have the option to dilly dally
deciding yes or no, or maybe for weeks, months or years.
Either she grabs him now or he’s gone.
That’s me.
I’d never be in that position anyway.
I show my intent early one, from beginning and if it’s not a clear 100% Yes, I move
on. I live in the present as no one can promise me the future.
42.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is your stand on long distance relationship, especially if
it's already 5 years of dating, but you haven't seen each other in
person?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I see it as nothing more than fantasy. That two people just connected to the
emotional rollercoaster, fantasy, sexual fantasy and connection.
I don’t see long distance for 5 years and haven’t met as dating. You’re missing the
concept when it comes to dating.
You approach, connect and you meet.
5 years and they haven’t met.
Seriously, I won’t be assed with it. That be 5 years of my life organising,
emotionally investing and comitting to fuck all.
For me I want to meet the woman face to face.
If it doesn’t happen fast, forget it. I don’t bother now with long distance especially
when I can approach women who are all around me. Plenty women in city I am in
and even online dating locally. Tinder locally.
I feel these things are folks who just struggle being social in world, fear rejection a
lot, are not proactive enough in the real world.
Can you imagine, that person after 5 years just dissappears and goes oﬀ with
someone else, and says bye? Some will even not give you a reason. You could have
invested all that time building your resources locally.
5 years! That’s a lot of time out of your life.
Lot of emotional investment and someone will suﬀer big if nothing happens. I
personally won’t do it.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Which is better: an arranged marriage or a love marriage?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What would you prefer: a "love" marriage or an arranged marriage?

None.
I’m the exception to the rule :)
I don’t need to do any of them.
Why?
Because I am not into traditional marriage. Open marriage maybe with our own
terms and sex with whoever, and same for partner. Equal. Open Long term
relationship and also having other lovers, Yes..
Fuckbuddies, yes.
I have choices and so social condition can keep their boxed choices.
I’m the exception to the rule.
If there are labels and ways, I’ll create them for my beneﬁt. Not the beneﬁt of
religion, society or what world thinks I should choose.
Why when there are other options that ﬁt to what I desire and many people desire
the same too.
So, I don’t need to choose marriage or arrange marriage.
I can date, be in relationship, sex and if breakup does happen, without the legal
fees and all the drama that comes with it.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

My ex blocked me. Will he come back?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If for example, you’re my lover, just an example, and I stand inside with my front
door open. You are standing outside.
I look at you and slam the door shut on your face…
Will you even bother to come back?
When someone blocks me, I don’t want to know them again. When I block
someone, I don’t ever want to know them.
If I keep going back and forth, you be sure, to never trust me because now I am
playing with your emotions. Or I’m a fucking idoit who got his head up his ass
and doesn’t know what the hell I am doing.
I’d be a guy to stay away from.
When I block someone, I am that guy you don’t get a second chance. I am saying,
I do not want to know you, you are someone I do not want in my life, you are
someone who is emotionally draining, drama. Or we have broken up and you
have behaved in such a manner I cannot tolerate such a person in my life. Or I
just don’t want you in my life for other reasons I cannot be bothered to explain.
But if I go back and forth, well, you be smart by staying well away from me.
Life. It gives you messages.
Try and listen before it’s too late.
28.2k Views · View Upvoters

Wouldn't you like to ask your ex, "Are you at least a little
ashamed of how you broke up with me?"
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how when a rustling of paper is heard you suddenly turn to see what is
it? Or you hear foot steps in the dark and very careful, ready for anything to
happen?
How about when a woman says..
“So do I look fat in this dress?”
And if it’s a guy..
“Do you think this suits me?”
And you smile and talk a load of bullshit.
Why?
Because the brain primary function is to detect threat, avoid it, avoid discomfort
and conﬂict. You want to say it but you know if you say it, you’re just going to
make things awkward. So they either dissappear, don’t say shit, move on fast and
you’re left wondering..
“Huh? WTF happened?”
So you can go and ask but I won’t because you will only hear a lot more bullshit.
Do you feel you deserve more bullshit?
Go ahead.
It does fuck all for closure.
So no, I wouldn’t like to know why.
I’d be moving on dating and fucking, and living and having fun with someone
else. All I need to know if someone wants to be with me and if they don’t, I found
out what I need to know. Anything else is bullshit.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I’m going through a separation/divorce. It’s been three years.
Why is he willing to wait for me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The Reality…
1. He has no options
2. He lacks resources
3. He emotionally invested too much
4. He’s not good at approaching women
5. He hasn’t got lots of women pursuing him
6. He fears rejection
The Disney Fantasy
1. He’s in love
2. It’s true love
3. Love waits forever

4. The soul mate
5. The one
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

I didn't respond to a girl for about 10 hours because I didn't
have data. She went really cold afterwards. Did I do something
wrong / can I ﬁx it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst don’t worry about it. You’re focusing one girl, Have options.
The second is learn from this.
Nothing much wrong you did because you’re not dating her and if she’s like that
then she be worse when you do date, and get to know her. You need to see this as
a red ﬂag.
She’s posessive already.
When it’s a women says what you said, most up their assess telling guys that she
has a life, busy etc.
But there is a blind spot you don’t see and need to take care of it in future.
Here they are:
1. You need to be good at sorting logistic problems out
2. You knew you’re going to be abroad so you could have said this in your
ﬁrst interaction with words. That way she knows. This is logistics,
timing, problem of location, problem of time, problem of no internet,
problem of phone lost, whatever, be good at logistic. It shows you’re not a
kid, irresponsible and immature.
3. Have options. I don’t know where guys learn this shit from, focusing on
one girl when you need to have at least 5–10 girls, you’re checking out
because one can dissappear, other doesn’t reply, another up her ass with
insecurities, the other is a ﬂake etc but one is not drama, is patiant and
gets it. That you got a life.
So have options and plan better with logistics.
368 Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people date more than one person?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like to give a diﬀerent perspective.
We are the make up of the environment we are brought in. The social
conditioning, the enviroment of where we are born, the family we were born in,
the many things that happens that impact our perception in life.
I was born in a family ﬁlled with noise, drama, much was abusive, controlling and
one of things that was unsettling for me, is how a man can work his butt oﬀ, like
my dad, do all the right things, and some wrong things too but he always brought
the bread, food, paid everything, tried, in his own way - for his wife to mess about
with someone else. She also didn’t have it easy, bringing up 7 children. The
romance gone, the love gone, I didn’t see it anymore in both of them.
He wasn’t perfect nor was my mum.

It ended in divource. She had an aﬀair behind his back and he found out. He
moved on to marry and she, well, never found the one and died with me burying
her. But she wasn’t alone, nor was my dad.
We tried to not judge both and we tried to be there for both but my dad was a bit
resentful, so I stayed very far away from him and only many years I see him and
slowly he calmed down from the hurt and anger.
I got it from both sides, stuck in then middle, house ﬁlled with shouting. Noise,
ﬁghts, drama, and so on. I never had it easy. I was the eldest, had to juggle a lot,
keep sisters ok, protect them, protect my brothers too, but we also be in ﬁghts as
well because there was no leadership and lots of egos ﬂying about.
I’m sure someone who come from abusive family or background can see their life
in what I am saying. I don’t mean to bring it up to bring back memories for
anyone. I’m just trying to show the full picture for some guys like myself.
Many think we can’t love but we didn’t have love, and learnt to love ourselves. So
we are the biggest of romantics, the biggest believers of love but not in the way
society is socially conditioned with.
I am romantic when I know the girl, have been intimate with her, had sex many a
times and there is a history. I am not sociatally programmed to think relationship
immediately because I want trust ﬁrst, I want to see if she is compatible, if she
has high sexual drive, if she also not some needy narcissitic psycho. So for any
girl asking for a relationship and “what are we” in ﬁrst few weeks and even a few
months has no clue what it takes and thinks love is enough,
Well it’s not. Do you’re research in your life, around you and see for yourself.
People confessing love and months later and even weeks, or years drift apart, or
cheat, have aﬀairs etc.
Even in beginning I am romantic in the way that I show who I am, ﬂirt and bring
excitement, physical touch and not in the quiet, writing poems and sending
secret letters and ﬂowers or being a friend ﬁrst that you see in Hollywood moves
and romance novels.
I am physical as I converse.
When I left the family, I thought..
“Never will I let anyone control me and I will live the way I want. Making a rule to
never do what most I have seen do to others.”
That doesn’t mean I am aggressive. I have a lot of empathy but it just means I
know who I am, got my terms, rules, boundaries and very mature.
I stand up for myself. I’m not a push over. I will walk away if a woman does not
behave in a certain manner. I don’t like voilence, anger, jealousy, possessiveness
and bullying.
I certainly get turned oﬀ by these and drama queens. I cannot stand it because
my mum and sisters, and other people I knew where drama queen/men too.
I’m not in a sense a Nice Guy who overlooks these things because I fear losing the
girl. A woman can’t dangle sex like a carrot with me. I’ll move on. She can’t go of
saying, “Oh I lost sexual drive but we can have a relationship still.”
Not going to happen. Like I said, love is not enough.
But I also had a question.
Why?

Why when people ﬁnd each other, do all that work to attract each other, and mess
it all up?
“What the hell is wrong with people?” I thought
Why = Chemicals.
Romance will fade out soon enough. Love is not enough either.
No money, car, wealth, good looks, being nice, being good, being gentle,
marriage, ring, promise to the one, man or woman can compete with biological,
psychological and the physiological in human beings.
You can have all these and someone else will too, or more. All it takes is
infatuation from a woman about a man and it goes ballistic.
And one can say that there is an exception to the rule.
That mummy and daddy or “me and my wife” been married for 30 years, happy,
don’t desire anyone etc. You’re an except to the rule.
There is always exception to the rule but there is a MASSIVE fucking evidence in
front of my eyes, everywhere we look - that for most of us, monogamy just doesn’t
work for us.
So I had to make sense of all this mess and no one could explain it to me without
them shoving their perception, their religion, their ideas, and so on and I
realised, we are all made up of what we say is truth and much of it is socially
conditioned.
Traditional and social norms, does not provide a solution, an answer. We then
have to ﬁnd it ourselves, be courageous to follow our own path in a society that
loves to judge and a society that has more skeletons in closset than most of us
have.
I decide on three things.
1. I know what I want and why. I am not monogamous.
2. I’m going not going to make chemicals an excuse. Yes, it is my damn
fucking fault if I cheat, lie, hurt someone.
3. I know the world is big and there will always be girls/woman who desire
what I have to oﬀer and I have proved this in my life, time and time
again. The only thing I needed to do is go out in the world and be
proactive more than most people will ever be and equip myself with
deep understanding, knowledge, experience and skills.
I can be who I am without lying. I can say what I want, show my intent from day
one to a woman and she can take it or leave it. She can call me player, asshole,
jerk. It is ﬁne by me.
But one thing I will not do, because of chemicals, is do what most do from what I
saw as a teenager and still see people do it.
Lie. Cheat. Be someone else.
I won’t hide who I am, what I am, what I desire and I can reduce the hurt, the
expectations, so the other person can know, what is on oﬀer.
To keep my promises so don’t make promises I can’t keep. Don’t make these
chemicals, infatution lead my emotions and words but to be self aware,
disciplined.
When I see a woman and yes, I like what I see, I want to fuck her and eat her out,
but I also I have empathy. I wonder about her, her feelings, her history, her family,

and all the other stuﬀ.
It is why when I approach she must know my intent and how it’s going to be. I
don’t need to hide that I am into her, love to fuck her but I say it a way that is fun
and explilict words in the beginning. I let her know this is lover type not a “right
now relationship, let’s get married, kids etc..”
That is why, I have lots of women as friends and men too.
They know, 100% who I am.
They know if their wife or girlfriend sitting next to me or I see her at a bar, I’ll be
the last person to ever step over that line, if both of them are not consented to
each other that they can date, be in relationship and have sex with someone else.
I also attract women because of my attitude and my message is clear cut. Women
by the way who desire such men, who desire sex, who desire to have the
adventure but fear being judged but have been yearning for a long time.
Trust is my most valuable asset.
That goes for business and anything else.
I give more than I take.
I don’t mess with anyone’s money, ego, time and their wives, girlfriends.
I encourage others to ﬁnd a way than use it as an opportunity to get in there
because I want to be that man I see in my mind and strive to become him as
much and as close as possible.
I want everyone around me feel safe.
Yes, I am a lover but it doesn’t mean I am going to try with your wife and
girlfriend. I have also what we call self respect and a lot of options out in the
world.
So I’m a man who cannot be bought with money, greed, popularity, fear and
pussy.
For other women they see a man moving from one woman to another. For some,
they see me as a man who cannot give stability but would love to have sex
discreetly. For others they want to travel with me around world and tons of sex,
and fun. The adventiure and then some go back to their reality.
For others, they see a man who is straight up and want what I have to oﬀer and
later, be in relationship with knowledge and self awareness that I’m not
monogamous.
For me personally - I am doing the most natural thing in the world.
And I am not going to apologse for it either or convince anyone about it.
So the reason is like the reason why many are serial mongamous ;), until they had
their fun, experienced it for years and now want to settle down. But even for
some, that isn’t enough and have aﬀairs and cheat.
Look on Quora. The list is endless with stories like that.
Chemicals. Biology. Psychological, Physiological.
It is not in my nature to be mongomous.
It’s unnatural to me but I am not going to make this as some excuse to pretend to
women that I am someone else, and then get what I want and leave them
bewildered to why.

They know why.
They are not confused and that’s why, though I am too busy to stay in touch with
ex’s, they have a lot of respect for me and love we had.
They will always remember how a guy treated them right from day one and was
up front from day one, and it just sometimes we move on. Move on we did but
without drama and the escalating of pain that comes from deception and lies.
Intent comes ﬁrst for me.
She must know from day one who this guy is and what is on oﬀer and so she can
use her free will to make her choice. Whatever choice a woman makes, I am glad.
I move on or we move forward.
But she has to be decisive instantly or I walk away.
Abundance mindset.
We can decide, take responsibility for our decision and say “YES” or “NO.”
But because of this deep desire, lust, chemicals, people can lie, people can
promise the world, people wearing social masks, people on survival mode due to
these chemicals - it’s diﬃcult.
So what do you do?
You know yourself and you live by your rules and have character.
I know from experience, whetever I go, there will always be women who say YES. I
only have to approach more women and be straight down the line, and with the
added knowledge, exprience and skill, I’ll click with a woman, and another and
another, and another who will say, “YES.”
Because I won’t be the only one who thinks like this.
Many out there who do and feel this way.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What are some things you appreciate about the opposite
gender?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The sweet soothing voice like a thousand lips, thousand ﬁngers stroking, a
thousand hands caressing by just her voice as you pin her to the wall like a wild
beast uncovering every petal gently.
The eyes that dance like the diamonds in the sky as she tries her best to not groan
while sitting in the resturant, and you pressing the sex toy that no one knows is
between her legs.
The way I can ingite her senses with a touch in certain part of her body and make
every curve and crevice pulsate with desire to be inside of her, and become like
the moon and the sun, eclipsing closer to be one for short orgasmic time. For the
light to come again as she gasps for air to moan ever so loudly with her arched
back, her hair ﬂown back and her ﬁngers tight silken sheets.
The way she kisses passionately as she whispers….
“It’s your time to clean the dishes.” :)
And how her jaws drop when you knock on your ﬂat mates door and bang the
dishes in their dishwasher, pay him some dollars and he delivers them back shiny
clean.

The way she knows, she’s dating a clever, talented fucker and not arrogant about
it to put other girls down.
The way she says…
“Adam, see her ass?”
And participates when I reply, “Yes but check her out. Come on, let’s approach
and talk to her :)”
And we know, we are free from what so many are insecure and worried about.
929 Views · View Upvoters

I'm abused by my parents every day, how do I stay conﬁdent
and mentally healthy through it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are things I did way back when that happened. These helped me alot.
1. I read a lot of books and I was very mature for my age because many of
these books were about the mind, self development,, self image,
diﬀerent personalities and so forth. It equipped me to see the problem is
not me but they had their own issues.
2. I would have a box and in that box would be diﬀerent positive phrases. I
would read them to myself.
3. Then one day I got a player, so I recorded myself saying these words and
so, I would have these words play round and round in my head. I think or
shall I say, I know, that these early habits is the reason why I am upbeat,
lively guy and have had girls say I am contagious, got to be with because
I feel good. I have high self image about myself and an understanding of
why things happen, and how it’s not because of who I am. That it’s other
people’s insecurities.
4. I would also try to be away from home as much as possible and be
around positive people. The girlfriends I dated back then and even now,
are very positive personality but also thinkers. They love mythology,
history, astronomy and some were also techie - and I ﬁnd such women
attractive because we can talk deep about things and connect at a deeper
level. Also they’re romantics. So I would spend more time outside of
home or away even in bedroom and just focus on my own thing. Trying
to be in a positive environment.
5. When I got to a certain age, I moved out. Was diﬃcult at ﬁrst but I did. I
knew both, my parents just won’t get help, counselling and so, I decided
to make sure I am out of the toxic and drama situation I was in. I focused
on myself, helped myself and in doing so, I was able to equip myself with
stronger mindset, high self image and a positive outlook on life. It
doesn’t mean I don’t sometimes think about those moments and it
doesn’t hurt because they do.
However, I had to focus on me and help myself.
Hope these are helpful, give you some ideas, maybe to explore others too.
All the best.
482 Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your girlfriend says that she does not ﬁnd
you handsome?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - I don’t ﬁnd you handsome
Me - And what are you waiting for?
Girlfriend - Huh? What do you mean?
Me - Well you don’t ﬁnd me handsome, so go and ﬁnd someone else who you
think is handsome for you because we are done, it’s over.
8k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your girlfriend wanted to be a man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - I want to be a man
Me - I see. How long you felt this way?
Girlfriend - For about a few years now
Me - Well if that’s what you want but I’m into women, so me and you, isn’t going
to work out
Girlfriend - But…but…don’t you love me
Me - Love isn’t enough. I have to be attracted and I am attracted to you as a
woman, not you as a man. But I am happy for you to want to be a man. Hope you
have a good life but it cannot be with me if you’re going to look like a man.
——————————————————————————————————————
———
In other words - it is not my role to tell someone what they desire to be or force
them, or do whatever. I just know what I want and now the dynamics have
changed, so I would now change too, to date someone else.
423 Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your girlfriend asks for money?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she’s one of my girlfriends I am dating then we have dated for sometime, been
intimate, sexual intimacy, close…then..
Me - Yeah sure, wallet on table
Her - But I need £100
Me - Yeah, the wallet, is on the table
Her - OMG! How do you make this much money?
Me - It’s my extra job
Her - what job is that?
Me - I found a new job working for an agency to test and stimulate women’s
orgasm. Pays good :)
Her - OMG. You always joking about
Me - Who said I was joking (grinning)
Her - You’re such player
Me - Thank you for the compliment ;)

10.6k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your girlfriend breaks up with you for no
reason?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would..
1. Bang on some music
2. Have a shower
3. Get dressed
4. Bang some cologne
5. Call my gang of friends
6. Go out, have fun
7. Approach tons of attractive girls
8. Have tons of sex
9. And continue to live it up as I always do
That’s what I’d do
:)
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do, if your girlfriend says that her ex is also her
best friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - my ex boyfriend is my best friend
Me - Good for you. Now where did we put the remote control pussy vibrator
Girlfriend - OMG!
Me - There it is! Now, what were you saying? :)
;)
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people write 2,000 answers or more on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. I love writing.
2. I can also choose to write detailed answer
3. I love expressing myself, values, way I see things
4. It connects me with other people
5. It actually attracted women too ;) who see life, dating, romance, sex in
same way as I do and has been great meeting them for coﬀee/drink at the
bar :)
6. It gives me ideas as I get a lot of response in my inbox
7. It makes me tons of money (I won’t say how. I just know how to do it ;)

8. It gets me a lot of contacts who we work with a mutual beneﬁt. I got the
talent, they got resources and we swop, and share the rewards of our
adventure
9. But most of all, I just love sharing, writing and connecting with like
minded, sexually open people and entrepreneurs. Also talents. I met
many on here who are artists, designers, coders, dancers and
songwriters.
So if one is honest and shows his/her true personality, and is consistent, you’ll
enjoy it. Just don’t mind people if they don’t agree with your views. It’s cool. Or
do what I do. Close the comment section ;)
412 Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if your girl is angry about things you’ve done
and won’t speak to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would..
1. Grab my jacket
2. Bang some aftershave on
3. Call my mates
4. And go out night clubbing or meet mates and have fun.
She can then do it all on her own.
Then after a few days, appear like nothing has happened.
And it always end with us banging on settee, wall, and travels to the bedroom to
maybe buy a new bed.
:)
Relax. Have strong frame.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is a guy being serious if he texts you after two years and tells
you he still loves you and can't forget you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Are you serious?
You see, it is easy to ask about what someone does but this is never about what
someone else is doing.
Like the way most women and men say..
“Is she/he interested in me? The person ﬂirts with me, touches me physically, but
doesn’t say if he/she is into me. I am confused. Is he/she a player or interested in
me?”
No, they are not confused.
They just passive-aggressive.
Fear rejection and got a whole lot of insecurities going on.
Such people who ask this question are saying they are not going to take full
responsibility with their sexuaity, behaviour and just ask the person. Instead, the
bank on what the other person might do, thinks, behaves.

They are not going to say what they want due to their own insecurities.
So turn this question round to ask these..
What is your standards?
What is it you want if you wanted a guy to treat you right?
How do you base your decision on yes or no to someone?
How do want a guy behave with you?
So forget what he’s doing, what he might be doing it for, if he’s bored or not.
How do you expect a guy to treat you?
Then take responsibility for your decision.
Own it.
You don’t even have to do what most women do. Keep texting, seeing what
happens, if he’s going to go sexual and all that.
Men are sexual anyway except if they asexual.
So we will be sexual either way, no matter what and I don’t apologise for it either.
Yes, we are attracted to women, we want to touch, kiss and fuck women. Yes, we
might even think..
“Hmm let’s see if she’s available.”
Because all leads to sex anyway, so let’s cut the crap out.
Yes, we want relationship too but we can’t promise until we know we get along
real well and trust is there, and she ain’t some drama queen, isn’t like some
women with this white picket fence idea already planned in their head, has some
dumb rules about being intimate, touch, kiss and sex. To know she’s a woman
who can fuck a man too and is good with sex and has let go much of the
insecurities.
The real deal is, how do you want to be treated?
Is your standards that a guy who doesn’t contact you except once a year or so, or
is it you desire a man who shows interest, consistent, follows up?
What’s your bench mark?
What’s your model that tells you, “yes, he showing it all. I want him.”
Or “Nah, not him. Jeeesh, what a pathetic excuse of a man. He got a woman
interested, I’m doing the moves and that’s all he does. Fair enough. I want a real
man not some chump. Strike him out of my head. Phone blocked. Deleted etc.”
There is no wrong or right.
There is no guarantees with dating and relationship.
If you feel your values that a guy needed to show his interest, follow up, date you,
get with you, be intimate, fuck you in every position, be in a relationship, shows
he cares and desires for you - then you will not even bother with the guy. You
won’t even bother being childish, immature, texting some guy to see if he’s a
player.
Got news.
We are players.
Everyone usually moves from one relationship to another. Confessing love and
months or years down line, they already eyeing up someone else. Moving from

one person to another.
Everyone is making snap judgement.
They see a person and already made a decision for yes and no.
We can’t even be honest about these because it might make us look like sluts,
whores, too easy, player and jerks.
We design labels or are force fed with labels of diﬀerent relationship so we can
pretend we are better than someone else, righteous, pious, got high moral bullshit
and that we ﬁt in to the crowd or not.
Until we wake up and realse we all been conned to then live by our own terms and
we become honest, so we just attract the ones who are similar to us without the
bullshit drama, testing, manipulating and so forth.
And we wish we did that long ago.
So the story of this guy might be…
He didn’t feel much with you before, he went looking elsewhere as we do, and we
found someone, or more, we dated, we fucked, we eat pussy, and we went into
relationship. it went down, we moved on to someone else, and on and on it goes,
and then we ﬁnd a number.
“Oh let’s call her then. Let’s see.”
If you want it cut and dry, there we go.
We are men. We are not complicated.
You is a woman.
You have tits and pussy and ass.
You is someone we are attracted too.
Great. We want sex.
But before and in between and before it leads to it, we do all the shit, all the crap,
all the techniques we had to learn, so you don’t ask the question you are asking
here because most of us men, know, women are up to their eyeballs with shame
on sex, and got to frame everything into a relationship. Indoctrinated with what a
“relationship is.”
So all that “talk to women like human beings, like everyone else..” forget it. Not
going to happen. We have done that shit so long and it hasn’t worked.
But what has worked is talking in a diﬀerent way and what do you know, it works,
all the damn time. If we talked the way we did, you be already judging the guy for
having a dick.
Already, a woman is framing, categorising, judging and seeing where the guy ﬁts
in her box. The box is called relationship, moving in together blah blah blah,
while the guy is not even thinking that far.
He hasn’t even drank his coﬀee and she be picturing relationships ;)
I don’t blame most women because social conditioning, religion, invention of
marriage is very strong, as well, your friends getting popped, left right and centre,
with wedding bells and photos on facebook and so, most got to have that.
“I don’t want to be left out. I don’t want to be alone.”
It makes them look “normal”, whatever that word means.

And it all makes women ask questions that removes them from being responsible
for their sexuality when all a woman needs to understand is this..
What is your standards?
What is your boundaries?
What is it you want?
Draw the line, clear as day.
Right, that’s how a guy must behave with you or they can piss oﬀ!
That’s how I see it with women too.
I have standards.
I have boundaries.
I know what I want.
I have drawn the line.
Woman behaves in a manner I do not like, out she goes.
Now say it! Stand by it and don’t wait on how some guy behaves. Own it.
I know I don’t wait on how a woman behaves.
If I did, she be fucking taking years just to ask me out and that’s why I lead.
Majority of women got no backbone but very good at telling others how it goes
when they don’t approach men. Majority of them anyway. Some very good advise
and wish their answers hitting major votes and more people read their answers.
So forget what he’s doing.
Ask yourself..
“Is this the way I want to be treated?”
“Is this how I want a man to show me how interested he is in me? Waiting all that
time?”
“Is this the story I tell one day on how we met to people I care about and people who
ask me?”
If no, don’t even bother.
Block the number. Delete. Whatever and move on.
The beauty of EQUALITY.
You don’t need a man to behave in anyway for you to know how you desire to be
treated, or text if he is this and that.
He doesn’t deﬁne you and what is going to happen.
You deﬁne. You decide right now if it’s not good enough and slam the door shut.
If you feel diﬀerent and want him, go for it.
Nothing wrong with that.
Just don’t do what most do.
“He used me.”
If that happens, go back to the beginning and read this answer again.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a guy is leading you on or if he's genuinely
interested in you? It's confusing if he's shy.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not confusing because he’s shy.
It’s confusing because you let it be by your own choice. You don’t show intent and
instead look for signals. You don’t ask him out.
That’s why it’s confusing.
You fear rejection too. Same goes for the guy if he’s interested. He fears rejection.
You want to stop confusion?
Ask him or stay confused by your own choice.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy who likes you, tells you he feels
emotionally connected to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he’s not very good at communicating what he means about emotionally
connected to you - and - that’s why you’re here asking the question.
For all you know, he might mean he’s the plug and you’re the socket to connect
himself and you probably lose a fuse or two if you get too excited.
But one thing we do know…
You are not comfortable enough to ask him what he means.
So log oﬀ, pick up phone or meet him and ask..
“You know when you said you feel you’re emotionally connected to me?”
“Yes.”
“Well, do you mean you’re the plug and I’m the socket?”
“Oh shit, you knew what I meant?”
“OMG! Did you really mean that?!”
:)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Will I ﬁnd someone if I'm about to graduate from college but
am still single?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter what your age is, after or before graduating, single or not
because you can put time to attract a boyfriend but here’s the thing.
Right now, I’m sorry to say, this is where most mess up.
They approach in this mindset that the ﬁrst guy they get with, like, attracted to,
and frame it into some collosul relationship, fantasy of marriage, white picket
fence and a whole lot of stuﬀ to then after a week or two ask..
“So erm, what are we?”
If you want to increase your success not just attracting a boyfriend but someone
who will last longer, yes I did say LAST longer, you will need to get some
experience. You will need to date guys, get experience from all angles because the
last thing you need is be in a relationship, and cannot solve many of problems
that come with it.

I’ve succeed for a reason.
No, not marriage. I won’t go there but in relationship for over 16 years + and with
diﬀerent women. Most can’t hack one relationship never mind 6. I can due to lots
of knowledge, skills and experience. These has helped me greately and helped me
to choose lovers in a way that eliminates much of the mess people put themselves
into.
The amount of women I have said no to is a lot and that’s not boasting. Anyone
can do this if they got the balls but I say no because I have standards. There are
things women I desire need to have and one of them is not monagamy and being
a drama queen, narcissts and attention seeking due to one’s own insecurities.
So forget college, hunting future husband.
College and university, most of time it’s all dating, hooking up, romance, sex and
one moves on. Of course there are exceptions but you don’t focus there alone but
be proactive, go out, mingle, socialise etc.
Right now, I sense a lot of neediness and fear of losing this and that. Nothing to
lose. You can be any age, even 40 and you cna attract a boyfriend. You just need
to be proactive because if you do what you’re doing now, it ain’t going to happen.
But please do, don’t go looking for a husband.
Look ﬁrst for connection, get some experience, date guys and don’t make work an
excuse for not having time.
It’s simple, make time or ﬁnd a less demanding job, or ﬁnd a solution because we
hear a lot who say they want this and that but they don’t manage their life well for
that to happen.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

He is the one guy I think of, atleast 10 times in an hour. All he
does is keep teasing me about liking other guys, whom I don't
even have a liking for. Why does he do this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, set boundaries.
Don’t giggle and all that, or ignore, and ﬂow with it. You need to take him to side
and set boundaries and tell him how it makes you feel. Then when you did that,
smile and calmly let him know you’re into him and stop being a complete twat if
he is into you or nothing is going to happen because you don’t like being teased
in that way.
Of course nicely because he could be a timid, passive aggressive type who gets
hurt so easily when tables ﬂipped on him.
Whatever you do, don’t play games, to ﬁnd out if he’s into you.
If you are into him, deal with it. Take him to side and talk with him and let him
know you’re into him. Most guys who do that are terriﬁed of rejection.
So don’t test, don’t do anything like that.
Be more mature then he is.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

When people close to you often say they love you but their
actions speak otherwise. Why is that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. Love for the uncle who is 50 years old showing tough love like he’s a
Commado and on a mission.
2. Love for Johnny ﬁve, your cousin thinks love is telling you what to do,
when to do it, and why because…well, that’s how he sees love.
3. Love for Gemma who lives far away sees love as telling you what you are
not good at what you do and you should better forget being a
millionnaire, an artist, singer etc.
4. Love for Sharon is baking you a cake and taking a photo, showing on
Facebook and saying “Look what I am eating. I’ll leave some for you. See
you this evening!”
5. Love for Pete is walking and nudging you and laughing as you fall ﬂat on
your face.
6. Love for grandma is saying you can do it if you just try.
7. Love from grandad is not saying anything because that’s how he shows
he loves you. He observes, watches and watches some more with a
hidden smile in his eyes of how amazing you are.
8. Love for mum is telling you to watch it from guys like Adam because he’s
a player, an evil Warlock, with magic words to make you say….“OMG!
YEEESSS! YES! YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS!”
9. Love from Bob is telling you to never question religion or God, or hellﬁre
for you and…can you give him $30.00. He’s skint but he’ll give you back,
as well as the other money he hasn’t given you back in the last 2 years.
10. Love for Mick is controlling everyone because he believes he is always
right, and everyone is complete utter useless. So why not manipulate
everyone for the fun of it. The Narcissist.
11. But Love for the dog you got is just loving you unconditionally and when
you’re sad, your dog strolls over to you, and lays it’s head on your lap
because no matter what you achieve, don’t achieve, and how sometimes
you fuck things up - your dog just loves you the way you are and is happy
for those walks that makes him or her feel on top of the world.
12. Love?
Everyone got their own way but if you’re similar to way Adam Taha does
things - you’ll set boundaries or you listen, smile, walk away and say to
yourself, “This old geezer is fucking nuts. Hahaha. But hey, at least he
cares, No problem.”
Because the greatest love is self love and where you have empathy for
others and realise, we’re all human who pretend we are perfect but are as
fucked up as the planet we sadly keep fucking up.
And that’s the miracle no one sees.
That we still exist after all the shit we do in the name of democracy and
freedom and….love.
:)
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

She is a great person and I love being around her, but we don't
have much in common. Should I pursue her? Or is it a waste of

time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re young and may have some misunderstanding about compatibility. That’s
due to so much bullshit in society that’s been socially conditioned. If you is a
nurse then you date a nurse is not what compatible is. Or she’s an artist and you
are an artist and so on.
Compatibility isn’t about someone has same interest as you, or education, or job,
or hobbies. It is an attitude. A process where the guy and girl know they have
diﬀerences but they don’t care and are willing to experience these diﬀerences
because they are into each other. Because they desire each other to be happy.
So let’s look at some examples of women I am dating.
1. She’s a red head, tall, very smart and she’s a doctor. She’s into all kinds of
things I have no clue about but when we met, we dated, we clicked and
so, she’s become one of my girlfriends.
2. She’s from USA, blonde, into horse racing. I have no damn clue about
horses. Her life is all horses and other things I never did. However, when
I approached, we talked, ﬂirted, we clicked. Dating again, awesome, and
always brilliaint experience. I am dating her too.
3. She’s from England. White british born woman and she works as a
teacher. She teachs history, and though I like history, she has other
things I have nothing in common with but again - when I approached, we
clicked, dated and the same story. I am dating her as well.
Just a few examples and as you can see even with nothing much in common or
nothing at all, we have a blast.
The only way you know is not to assume that because she is into something and
you’re not, that it won’t be good to date.
Find out, go out, date and see from facts not assumption.
For all you know you will click together or not. You won’t know until you both try,
if she is also into you too.
Finally, take all that “she’s the one” out of your head.
You’re young. Don’t get too attached and get hurt. Be realistic. People moving in
and out of diﬀerent relationships to one day be with someone they like to be with.
So just don’t get too serious, thinking long term relationships and wedding bells.
Relax, have fun and relax to get experience under your belt.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I kiss?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re focusing on the wrong thing. When you say “how do I kiss” you are
focusing on the wrong thing when it comes to the woman/man.
I’ll explain later but if you want technique, well….You can see lots of videos on
how to kiss. Like this one..

The problem is it doesn’t cover the important part you really need to focus on.
You don’t nail the kiss.
You nail the feeling you create, the mood with the person you are with. This is
what you need to learn because it’s not the kissing that bothers you.
What bothers you is when to kiss and if you get it wrong, then you lose the
person. It’s the rejection.
My ﬁrst kiss wasn’t perfect but I knew how to create emotions, make a girl feel.
Focus on the following:
1. On the person
2. On getting their attention
3. On the person must show they are attracted to you
4. On conversing to arouse
5. On physical touch while conversing
6. On increasing the sexual tension, kissing not the lips yet but neck and
work your way down.
7. On capturing the person’s emotions
8. On removing awkwardiness by being playful in the beginning with intent
that you desire the person
9. On making the person comfortable for physical touch with you i.e.
kissing.
You’re focusing on techniques, and how the lips move, and if you tilt your head
and worried if they turn cheek and miss etc.
Focus on the person because it is not the KISS that makes it, it is the sexual
tension you create between you.
In other words.
1. The person is attracted to you. Get this right ﬁrst.
2. The person has qualiﬁed and has shown interest that they are. They
are putting eﬀort in showing he/she is attracted to you.
3. The person is comfortable with wanting to be physical with you.
4. The person feelings/emotions are aroused and escalated to engage
with you in a physical way i.e. hands touch, kissing.
Because it isn’t the kiss, it’s what LEADS to the kiss that matters.
It is the feeling, emotions, you create between you and the person.
But anyway, you got video up there, not mine but found it online to watch for how
to kiss but just take into consideration what I am saying.
7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Steven Mello

For what reasons would a girl ﬂirt with someone out of her
league?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I get it but you’re missing the point here.
You need to take action, lead and stop looking for signals and questioning it. You
are far too much in your head and not enough just getting on with it.
You’re a young lad, probably in school, using a popular slang word, which is part
of social conditioning, coined in romantic novels and other social conditiong
tools which was vomited onto society - and - still is.
From poety, songs, movies, romance novels, etc cetre.
The slang word you’re using means:
A very popular attractive girl
And since you’ll be in school, we add the “in school.”
It’s a very popular phrase used a lot in school and even some adults.
In terms of dating it means that the guy himself has insecurities. Or the girl but
we’ll focus just on you as a guy.
So your brain will go like this..
You - Holy shit. She’s gorgeous
Your brain - Don’t even bother.
You - What you mean don’t bother?
Your Brain - She is way out of your fucking league. She’s so popular in school that
no way in hell she be seriously into you for you. Probably after you for something.
Why else she is ﬂirting with you for? She got an agenda!
More on why this is happening with you soon but ﬁrst, let me show other words
taking from others and used to explain things in a slang way.
Let’s say Beef.
Now a teacher will say to me Beef is a piece of Beef Meat. He is speaking from his
narrow view of things because Beef also means = Conﬂict.
Example…
Beef - Conﬂict “you got beef with me? You think you can take me? Come on then!”
Bird -a kilo of a drugs packed in a bri ck
Milkshake - The female body and the way she moves
Shorty - A female or young person.
Bread - Money
Grind - Working hard to make money.
Grind - Dancing close sexually
You use them as an expression.
For example:
He’s out of your depth and Always punch your weight
You can see that one of them comes from boxing. They both mean - don’t date
people out of your league

So I understand where you’re coming from.
But you now need to learn why you are saying this and how this is making you
lose the point of your interaction with the girl who is ﬂriting with you - and - it
will with many girls to come if you don’t snap out of it.
You are expressing the world you are in.
Expression of what?
Of how you see the world through your mind and that means, the phrase you are
using is expressing the fears, your doubts about you and the insecurities you feel.
Granted, she be teenager too and so she be in this world and she maybe doing it
for nothing more but to grab your attention, psychologically seducing you, get
you passive and you become like many of the chumps orbit around her, kissing
her ass and for her to show oﬀ to everyone else she can do it.
However - it could also mean she really does like you, and she is sending you a
message that she is into you by her behaviour, but she will also make snap
judgement due to your behaviour. That maybe, she was wrong about you.
That you’re no diﬀerent than other guys who only see her looks, her popularity
and you will behave as such.
The lesson is this…
You have a choice to either think she’s out of your depth, out of your league, or
whatever words you desire to express yourself. That you are not good enough for
her or you do what conﬁdent guys…..behave in a manner that is attractive.
You behave in a manner in which you believe “of course she be attracted to me and
I will connect with her and if it doesn’t work out, if it doesn’t happen then at least I
found out the truth without letting my mind get the better of me.”
You then take action, connect with her, be fun and ask her out.
Lead the way and let her show her true colours because that’s how I ensure any
women who ﬂirt with me, show who they really fucking are.
I don’t ﬂirt too much.
I show intent quick and now I know who she is.
An attention seeker, a woman who is maybe married and just wants excitement to
go back and fuck her man, a woman who is lonely and just wants to talk, maybe
she’s ﬂirting for fun and nothing else. Or she is attracted to me and she shows it.
Or she has too many frictions on her side even if she is into me.
It’s ﬁne. The idea is to be honest from day one and let whatever happens,
happens. Let go of all that pressure, worry and just embrace whatever happens.
I will know right there and then as you would, if she is interested and putting
eﬀort to ﬂow with it.
You are unfortunately not doing that.
You’re all over the place and in your head.
You need to behave in a manner of knowing how to demonstrate your attractive
qualities rather than projecting back your own insecurities.
Here’s the best part of it all…
If you ﬁnd out she wasn’t really interested in you then her behaviour hasn’t
inﬂuenced you. You behaved in a manner that you believe in yourself and that

there are plenty more girls that be interested in you - and - it is but a matter of
you seizing life by the horns and approaching many and learn how to do it.
There is no denying people, young and old are drawn to what is valuable to them.
People do decide on what is valuable to them and avoid what isn’t.
It doesn’t really matter what words we use.
The problem is you are expressing your insecurities and you need a way out and
I’m showing you a way out to grow.
People will make snap judgement even on appearances, one’s income and even if
you got some bad teeth as this will signify health issues and even drugs.
So yes, some will go for good looking always and sometimes, they grow out of this
phase because they realised looks is ﬁne but they need more now.
They want stability, someone who really does feel the same way about them. Also
they have been hurting many a times and need to evaluate how they choose who
to date and who be in relationship with - and - type of relationships to be in.
Some will only go to the high VIP night clubs because it makes them look good,
feel good, better service, and they know someone who hasn’t $1,000 won’t be in
this place but someone who has money, wealth will be.
I know because I see many women go to these places where rich men or business
guys are and they got their tits out, cleavage showing like crazy and tight dresses
showing their curves, as they dance sexy in front of the guys and sometimes in
their faces, while I sit and enjoy the show and drama.
Some will not marry a man who has no job and desire a man who has more value,
income, stability. Some will go for fun ﬁrst, sleep with guys who got the looks and
then later look for the stability in a relationshi.
And some will be able to attract such men and mess it up so bad with their own
insecurities/neediness because they feel..
“Why would a guy like that be into me?” and make this an issue until the guy just
had enough and walks away.
These insecurities are real and they exist for one reason.
The word is survival.
Many people are in survival mode.
It’s gone beyond basic needs like food, shelter, water, sleep for some. It’s more
about social status, power, keeping up with the Jonesies, worried what others
think of them, worried if they be called slut, whore, too easy for going for the men
they desire, and guys worried being called players.
So fear is real.
The system knows people fear.
Powerful men and women have for years trained society to behave in a manner
they wanted but it works ok for society but worse for individuals who want to
express who they are, step out of the social norms and traditions many follow
because in society you get punished by being judged, isolated, labelled or
rewarded for following the peers.
They are people who haven’t got a map and rules, but they learn to ﬁgure out
what works for them and build their own support process and knowledge base for
others too.
It’s human nature.

No one can deny that people are drawn to what they believe is high value to them.
No one can deny that people do not make quick judgement. It’s in our face
everyday and it is in the behaviour of people we thought we knew well but
surprise us with their behaviour in time to come.
All this is also heightened by society being socially conditioned to believe that
their value is attached to what’s outside, the way you are doing right now:
That no one gives a shit about you except if you got the…
1. Look/Appearance
2. The job
3. Income
4. Assets
5. What credit card one has
6. How many women/men pursuing the person
7. The area one lives in
8. The size of the house
9. The size of the mortgage
10. Who knows you
11. How many talking about you
12. How many voting for you
13. How many tweeting your tweet
14. How many liked your photo
15. How many follow you
And so, you grow up to believe what makes you valuable.
When you attach your survival on these and not from within, the world will
always ﬁnd a way to make you scared.
You will be scared because you will worry of losing the above.
You will always be hesistent.
You will always feel worry and fall for social pressure.
You will be needy and so excited a woman ﬂirted with you.
You will even be scared to challenge the girl.
You become passive-aggressive.
You say what you say here but not to the face of the girl. You do not take action to
lead to a date because you worry you will get rejected or used.
That she cannot be so into you because she’s so attractive, pretty and popular.
When you live like this, you will always live a life whether you’re a teenager or
adult, to seeking validation, acceptance and approval of others.
You will lose the most important gift you got.
Real status = your behaviour to take action and coming from a place of
abundance.
There is nothing wrong with wanting validation because if we didn’t have such a
thing then we would be killing each other right now in greater numbers.

Neediness and Validation help us to feel, to have empathy, to love others and
have compassion.
But it must be healthy and with an attractive mindset way.
So now what do you do?
Give life a chance. Give someone the opportunity to show who they are without
hasty snap judgment. For all you know she is really interested in you.
You will never know until you step out of your shell and communicate back
rather than hide and assume things.
Behave in an attractive way rather than from your insecurities. Lead the way.
If she then behaves from her own insecurities, it doesn’t take away anything from
you. It does not deﬁne you at all.
It deﬁnes her to herself.
You found out what you wanted to know and you move on. You also gain more
experience and lessons to take with you.
You just focus on you and come from a strong, powerful attractive place than
from your insecurities.
Don’t ﬂirt too much. Don’t dance around it or you meet girls who do things for
nothing more but attention and showing oﬀ to others.
Lead. Ask her out.
That is how you see truth in the other person.
Suggest a place and go out together and if she says no, if she promises and doesn’t
show up, if she plays a game…THEN you know the truth.
Then it doesn’t come from your insecurites.
It’s comes from her own insecurities.
You’ll never know if you don’t take action to the next phase. Only then you’re
going to really know who she is and…who you are too.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I train myself to be more social?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to go to the root problem. End iof the day you and I, and everyone else
can talk and talk all day long. It won’t be a problem but when it comes to meeting
new people, you get stuck in transitioning with everything.
Including conversation.
So ﬁrst understand why…
1. Neediness due to social conditioning
2. Seeking validation
3. Fears what others think
4. Fears of rejection
5. Fears of thinking they are not interesting enough
6. Fear with social pressure
7. Lack of investing in one self and practice correctly.

All these come from social conditioning and also what you are saying to yourself
for a long time.
Also, you’re brain is not used to the “social” and you can’t really be social if you
haven’t used the tools in your mind.
“If you don’t use it, you lose it.”
So you don’t just go oﬀ trying to be social, the way guys don’t go oﬀ approaching
girls for dates when they never have ever done so. It be very hard. It be so diﬃcult
and frustration because the pathways in your mind is not strong.
They haven’t been used.
So forget “being social” for now.
Time to ﬁrst solve the root problem.
It’s Training Time ﬁrst. Drills.
1. Detach from the outcome whether it is getting a yes for a number, a date,
or whatever. You are not going to do anything to get a response. You are
going to bring value. So pressure is oﬀ but it is easy to say that when you
haven’t done the steps to get yourself out of sync from the social
conditioning. You need to -recondition yourself and create those
pathways in your mind.
2. Approach random people and ask for directions. Do as many of these
every week. Tons of them. Like you’re looking for a bank, a street, a shop,
a trendy clothes shop, whatever.
“Hi, I only got a second but do you know where..”
Done tons of that? Comfortable? Next..
3. Approach more attractive people, people that looks like they got status
too and ask them something. Do tons of these. Comfortable? Next.
4. Go into shops and walk around and ask for help from the assistants
there. Take interest in them a little and then say bye, you’ll be back. Do
same in other shops. Comfortable? Next.
5. Ramp it up. You’re getting conﬁdent. Go to bars. Observe which ones you
like and start going there often. Don’t worry about “alone?” Yes, alone.
Go and show your face. The workers, bouncers will be familiar with you.
6. Now when you don’t that approach bouncers and talk.
“Hey, I always wanted to know if bouncers ever go on some training.
How did you become one?”
Then ask some questions like..
“Have you had any crazy nights or funny stories happened when you’re
working?”
Get the idea?
You are not being social because most of time, people who socialise do so
much shit just to ﬁt in, seek validation but you’re not doing that. You’re
coming to bring value and training your mind at the same time,
gradually.
7. See the waitress. Approach and ask her..

“Hey there, I have been coming here often and I had a feeling you major
in something. You an artist type or a science type?”
Yes, it’s shit but we’re not doing any humour as yet. You’re just doing all
kinds of shit to get you to talk, converse, engage. Create the pathways in
your mind. Get the tools that’s already there to work.
8. Now ramp it up with humour. You see a girl you like, walking towards
you or a guy. Girl ﬁrst…
“Hey there! I only got a second but I was walking and saw you walking with
these high heels. I had to come over and ask, how on earth do you do it? I
have seen girls wearing these and they are all over the place. (pause) Did
you go to drama classes?” (SMILE)
Don’t worry if no response. If they walk away. Approach others.
If you’re into guys, you can do the same thing for something else. Be
creative.
Listen to what the person says, and take something they said and
expand. Tell you’re story about something, brieﬂy and ask a question at
end to expand conversation.
As you do many of these drills, and things that out of your comfort zone, you
begin to go through the pain instead of the pain going through you.
You are shocking your mind with a diﬀerent way of living and it has no choice but
to now see this is something you want to get good at.
It realises you need this to survive in life.
Therefore..
1. When you put eﬀort in that’s out of your comfort zone.
2. You engage the brain
3. Which now helps to develop your social instinct.
Now, that you feel comfortable, stronger, you can learn conversation patterns,
skills, and use them. You make them unique with practice and putting your own
personality and story into other peoples stories.
There are certain things to consider that most people don’t:
1. Your tone of voice.
If you talk softly and quietly you come oﬀ insecure. If you shout when
talking you come oﬀ as arrogant. If you’re nervouse and voice breaks, it’s
evident you’re not sure about yourself. You need to practice and see what
triggers what. Ramp it up and then gradually tweak until you get our
own style that works for every situation.
To be sure, speak loudly and gradually tone it down to a base in which
works for you. If you speak too fast it shows you’re nervous and hiding
something. Relax. Remember the training. You’re not seeking validation.
Detach from the outcome.
2. Awarkardiness. You linger. You stare. You do not approach immediately
and introduce yourself. You are too serious.
You laugh at your own jokes or before anyone laughs.
You don’t use humour and you’re talking on topics that are touchy to

people like religion and politics. Observe, see what works for you
through practice.
3. You don’t set the tone.
People immediately, judge. The brain does it. It’s the job of the brain to
judge, categorise, ﬁlter and label. So you need to set the pace and tone
when you approach…
“Hey there. Only got minute and I wanted to know/ask…”
Or “I can only stay for a minute…”
“My friends are here so only got a minute and I wanted to ask..”
“I’m glad I’m not the only one who dances like a rock star!”
You can use these for anything i.e.
“I’m glad I’m not the only one who loves drinking….”
“I’m glad I’m not the only one who can smile on a rainy day.”
“I’m glad (ﬁll in the gap and add many funny ones)
So practice these drills and later, you can learn conversation skills.
You need to ﬁlter out the emotions you have and the perception you’ve gathered.
Then later you can add conversation skills, practice the skills and be in diﬀerent
environments and logistic challenges to solve.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell my boyfriend that he's gaining weight at an
unhealthy rate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m going to share what I did and I’m guy. My friends did this too and a few were
women who saw their boyfriend gaining weight and I mean a lot of weight.
1. Got me some gym stuﬀ.
2. Joined a gym
3. She’s wondering what’s going on ;
4. Got me magazines and slammed them on table
5. Getting up real early, 5am, going to the gym before work
6. Her later on “you got up early?”
Me - Yeah, I don’t want to look shit and letting go of myself. Hitting the
gym. Bloody fantastic.”
7. She sees me cooking the healthy dishes and she tastes..
“OMG! That taste amaziing.”
“Yeah it’s all vegetables but we got some protein too, ﬁsh I am doing on
here.”
Now I am cooking and she’s eating and suddenly, she’s buying healthy
stuﬀ and not buying junk food. We decide me cook and she eats :)
She takes ready packed food to work as I have mine sorted too.

Comes home and a healthy cusine slapped right on middle of table and
she’s OOohing and Awwwwing as she eats, like she’s having orgasms.
8. 3 month later, she sees a diﬀerence in me. I got supplements as well and
eating real good. Doing sit ups in house, a bit of cardio and in gym I hit
the weights hard.
9. 3 months and one week later she’s asking about the gym
10. 5 months and 2 weeks shes joined the gym and gets herself a coach and
tells me how her coach, is a woman and so hot, sexy she wants to eat her
pussy. She likes women too. I tell her no worries, I have a woman for her
already, met her when approaching in cafe, and she is into women too :)
11. She’s excited. She wants to get in shape for a threesome with me, her and
the women. Her desire now up in the sky and I found out more about
what makes her go for things and I use it :)
12. Two weeks later I say to her “Girl your ass is so ﬁne I want to eat you out
all night. I better train harder because you is catching up so fast my dick
gets hard every time I just look at you.”
She laughs, she smiles, and she has a skip as she goes into shower and I
grin, take my clothes and walk into shower and Hoo Haaa!
13. Every evening she keeps telling me about her training, what happened,
the coach said this, she said that, and squats this and ooh it burns but it
feels so good. I ask her questions on it and get her talking more and
more, and ask for details and she shows me what she does as I just stare
at her tits bounce and her ass jerk up and down, side to side, up and
down, delicious!
14. Mission accomplished without a saying a damn word and now. I even
have a ﬁne ass woman, both with so much energy, and high sexual drive
we could go on and on, and on.
Oh yes, forgot to add - the threesome happened. What an amazing night that was
and it’s not over yet.
Now I’d stop there but here’s what happened next.
I date multiple women and so these women suddenly saw her photo of her on
facebook and now they are at it too.
This is how you create a fucking revolution.
You don’t tell. You show.
People don’t believe much when we talk and even when we tell someone what to
do, it usually just backﬁres because they see it as someone judging them.
However, when we behave in the values we love and when we become the
example, when we create a positive environment and point not the ﬂaws but the
sexiness in someone, the good in someone, surprising thing happens.
They begin to believe.
They begin to imagine what they can become.
And they feel they did it on their own, by their own choice and feel they
accomplished it due to their own decision.
I didn’t go to gym for women I date. I just see people look so fucking old at age 40,
back arched, walking head down, aching and all that.
I decided it ain’t going to be or I can slow that shit down as much as I can and in
doing so, it inspires people around you and I look younger. Travelling world,

feeling good, and taking women with me and having awesome sexy nights.
Show. Don’t tell :)
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

How could my ex-boyfriend be so cold-hearted & mean to me
when our 3 year relationship ended? He knew how much I loved
him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not going to focus on his anger issues but on the question because he isn’t
here to say his side of the story.
“He knew how much I love him.”
Probably did but the moment you walked out was manipulation. If you did that to
get him to change and get him back, well, wrong move.
That kind of move, gets some men to not want anything to do with a woman
again. Especally if the guy is a dominant type. You do that and you’re completely
out of the relationship and probably for good.
He be angry for a long while yet and you needed to now distance yourself for at
least a year to even contact him.
He has the right to do whatever he wants. Love is not enough. I know why people
always think and dangle love like it’s enough. It needs other things to make it
work.
So has said to you, have a nice life and don’t contact him again.
Respect his wishes and move on.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Does ignoring a girl who rejected you cause her to rethink
things?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it does.
The problem?
It attracts the needy, the insecure, the ones who have a lot of baggage, the play
hard to get and you then waste time being with someone where everything is a
game. So any saying it doesn’t work, it does.
There is no denying it that ignoring does work but she has to be so interested in
the guy and even then, you’ll have a girl on your hands that will emotionally
fucking drain you. She be great at ﬁrst but the insecurity kicks in, the jealousy,
the possessiveness, the control type of mindset and a whole lot of issues.
I’m not going to give some morality speech and how she be oﬀended. Most will be
but most will feel so needy for the approval they begin to chase. The problem is
when you chase, they stop and it’s a cycle that makes dating frustrating.
So best if you sort your own emotions out, your self image and don’t do things to
get a response from needy girls.
For all you know,she was just being polite and saying hi.
Maybe she has also thought diﬀerently because people do grow, they do
sometimes change, they do realise and they do feel they fucked up.

Nevertheless, avoiding wondering why she does this and that to move on.
Avoid doing things like that to get a response.
Be the better version of yourself. Don’t let rejection mess your own frame up and
have composture, high value status and just be yourself. Be the guy who didn’t
know her and she said hi to you, and you would behave in a fashion you’d always
do.
If it is beaving polite, fun, then behave that way.
Don’t feel resentment, bitter over a rejection but also don’t chase the girl. She had
her chance but it doesn’t mean we also act like dickheads too.
The amount of times I got rejected but due to my behaviour, the girl realised I’m
tougher, stronger and wiser than she thought and much more fun too. Then she
be wanting to date.
Now that doesn’t happen all the time but it shows one’s behaviour can either
leave a lasting impression of positivity or not. Also I don’t look for that either. I
don’t ever have hope a girl changes her mind but put my eﬀort someone else and
move on.
The guys who does things like that with ignoring to get a positive validation are
themselves needy. Doing things to get a girl change her mind is needy. It’s also
soul destroying for them too.
It’s insecure and guys who do this also haven’t got options.
Guys like this are not ready for dating.
They need to do drills in approaching tons of girls to ﬁrst get good at approaching
while detaching from the outcome of getting a yes. They need to do a lot of this to
remove neediness for approval, validation and acceptance.
That gets you ready to create options to never wait on one girl.
No girl is special.
Only one is the one who says yes and she don’t play games, treats her guy right, as
he treates her right too.
Until then, they are just girls, no diﬀerent to thousands that are all over your city
and who you see walking by.
Best to avoid doing moves like that.
It shows you’re lack value and you’re making her important.
Say hi, be courteous but don’t wait around. Move on because you’re busy
approaching other girls and she had her chance.
Nothing wrong being polite. Just don’t be a chump.
22k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bill Xykis

What does one do when she knows she's going to be successful
(not just in wealth but with good company/family/friends) but
doesn't have any passion?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I once sat watching this guy doing the same thing, over and over again. He made
good money too. Everyone thought he was successful but I knew, looking into his
eyes, looking into how he worked, his complaints - he wasn’t happy.

I’ve seen people move from one job to another, one career to another, one idea to
another, one novel writing to be unﬁnished to another, and none seemed happy
at all.
And yet, I have stayed in the same thing since I knew what I wanted to do from a
very young age but unfortunately, I didn’t have the support of friends, family, and
much I had to keep what I did as a secret due to many reasons. One of them I
came from a strict religious, traditional, cultural community.
Probably why I put my middle ﬁnger at most of the social norms, traditions today
and break every damn rule possible. Doesn’t win you any favours but it gets me
laid a lot, with attractive woman, and just doing my thing and I am happy.
So I do not envy anyone who seeks passion.
I do not envy someone who does something that pays well, and have all the
backing their need but they don’t have much passion for it.
I believe, and I have always believed, if you can succeed at one thing, and you got
the resources and family backing too, why not do what makes you FEEL alive.
Everyone use to question me about what I am doing.
Every friends, woman, man, degree dudes and degree gals, about what I am
doing. All doing so, because they wanted to see money, mansion, fancy car, and
all the glitter. They knew that I was doing what I was doing for some years and I
did for 5, 10, 20 years.
But one day, as I ﬁgured out long ago, the door of abundance opened. I cannot
stop it. No one can. All I wanted coming like a ﬂood from somewhere. Eﬀortlessly
and suddenly all who question shut the fuck up.
Now asking “how do you ﬁnd this passion to do what you do for years, without
acknowledgement, without credits. How?”
So I sat back with my cigar and my cup of tea, handed to me by the tall Russian
blonde woman wearing only an apron and stark naked, and my eyes smiled
because I am breaking another social rule ;)
I said, “Passion? PASSION? Are you kidding me? PASSION? Passion did fuck all
for me. This is not passion. This is FEELING. I do what makes me feel alive.”
If she knows she can be successful, she has then mindest then to be successful in
that what makes her ﬁlled with job. That belief is not easy to have and so, well
done to her for having this belief in herself.
She can work many hours and right through the night, to wake up with a jump
every morning because of…the..feeling, if she does what makes her feel because
you don’t ﬁnd passion, nor seek it, you just love what you do.
Knowing you can be successful is one of the most amazing gifts of life.
Having also loved ones, encouraging you is a treasure.
It is never too late to change course and run, with open arms to what makes her
feel alive. Only thing holding her back will probably be what people think and
say. To what she might think about whether she can succeed in something else
she is really into and what makes her feel alive.
Make the whole journey ﬁlled with rich feeling and she will if she does what
makes her feel alive because putting all those hours on work that isn’t going to
give her that feeling, especially in this modern times with all the tools and
resources available, will not bring much satisfaction.
Hey, I get it.

Pay the bills and all that.
But one can always ﬁnd a way to still do that with what makes them feel alive.
Especially if they got the success attitude already and support.
So ﬁnd someone who is an expertise in this matters and while doing what pays
the bills, build that what makes her feel alive. When it makes more than what
pays her bills, she can then change course and in a direction ﬁlled with
excitement, and passion then will be there anyway.
991 Views · View Upvoters

How do women act if they ﬁnd a guy attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the woman. I say depends because some are far more secure and
experienced than others. Some just crumble and fuck it up.
There has many a times when the woman just doesn’t know what to do and so I
do not focus on her response but more leading because some haven’t got a damn
clue what to do. It’s easy when they talk about it when it happens, Jeeesh, they
lose it sometimes. They do everything completely wrong and show disinterest.
These women I know are either insecure, inexperienced, not mature and believe
me, it’s not the age because I have experienced women who are teachers, doctors,
designers, and women in high income, behave irrational and then wonder why I
cannot be assed to be continue.
I dated 19 year olds who are more mature than most of them. They showed
interested. They took charge in doing so. They didn’t make the process diﬃcult
but easier. They didn’t question about sex this or that. They went with the ﬂow
and it is much more fun, enjoyable and enriching.
So as you can see, sometimes it’s not age but rather a combination of things. The
19 year old I dated came from hard life, her father worked hard, mother too and
they believed in an attitude that whatever you want be clear, go for it, don’t give
mixed signals and so of course, she behaved in this manner and hey, worked. It
always does with me if I am attracted to the woman.
So there are women, who are mature, experienced, and show interest,
compassionate, want to know you, tell you how they feel without being too lovey
dovey and awkward, and they do say they want to meet.
Some women you meet and click, and you’re having sex on settee immediately.
None of the worries who makes the moves. She goes for it and so do you. Then
like me, you date her for over 16 years. Then there are some who dangle sex like a
carrot and think the sex is love and sex is the prize but it’s not. So I get bored with
the insecurity and move on.
But some…
They make it easier, they understand ﬂirting, they are not repulsed by it because
you’re showing interest back in a positive way and helping to remove more
awkwardiness. They say yes very fast or give alternatives if they busy on that time
and day. It’s not ambigious as most women do.
It depends as I have said with who the woman is.
But man have I seen some just can’t get their act together and just don’t do it for
me and so, I lose interest and move on. They act so dumb, immature, all over the
place, sending mixed signals and do the most stupidest things that tells you,..
“Ok. I had enough of her. I’m moving on.”

Then they wonder why don’t respond anymore.
:)
851 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mela Claude Ake

I am 21 years old, mature enough, I have had 15 relationships
but never have been able to get a serious one. What could be the
reason?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I have a quite a lot of guys on skype sessions with the same problem. I’m
going to share some fundementals with you which will help.
What you’re doing is you’re going for girls based only on perceived value.
Perceived value is just sexual, sex. Ut is the sexual appeal that you see visually
that grabs your attention. That’s the ﬁrst.
The seconds is you’re making your decision far too quick and intially framing
them as your girlfriends. That’s not good mate if you want a relationship.
Relationship needs time and it needs other components which can help you
identify very quickly that the girl hasn’t got what you want for long-term.
You need approach many, go on dates, and look deeper than just the sexual
physical part. If by then it’s not there, move on fast and to the next.
Keep doing that because youre being too hasty in choosing girls to be girlfriends
for a relationship. I’m talking about relationship terms not just girl for sex.
Not only are you moving too fast with the girls due to physical and sexual,
without digging deeper into who she is - you are also missing some crucial.
I’ll explain them and even though this is a detailed there is a lot I am not
including because it be far too much. I am trying hard to condense but I also
don’t want you to ﬁll in the gaps either.
So here goes…
She must also have Absolute Value.
1. Percieved value.
You’re very attracted to her and she is to you. The attraction is there
visually. There is a spark of chemistry.
2. Absolute value.
Compatibilty, depth, attitude, that connection, which last long after the
infatuation on step 1 is gone. Chemicals in infatuation phase is powerful
but it doesn’t last long. The chemicals can also get you to not see the
blind spots. You’re just concerned at what you see in beauty but Absolute
value is what’s missing. The everything about the girl. It’s missing
because you’re avoiding to build most important step to allow you to see
her absolute value which is where the qualifying and comfort phase
comes in.
3. Qualifying Phase
This is where you ensure to show the girl you’re not just interested in her
beauty from outside but that you’re interested to ﬁnd out about her. To
do that, you must know what is important for you when it comes to
relationship because this creates the questions. If you do not know what
you want in a girl for long-term relationship then you’re questions will be
vague.
It looks like you don’t have problems to have girls comitting to dating

you and sex but still, this is a step if you avoid missing because if you
want higher quality women who are not just looks but more, they will be
wanting to see if you are taking interest in them at a deeper level and not
just sex. This is where the qualifying process helps and they see you ask
meaningful and yet making it light hearted question or questions.
4. Comfort phase.
This is the time when you converse more at a deeper level to ﬁnd out
more about her and she about you. It is here where your assumptions
will show as false or you ﬁnd she is compatible with you, she does see the
world similar as you, she is very interesting even without the sex. You see
her absolute value shine through which is about….
The girls personality, culture, background, interest, education, values, her
purpose in life, what she loves to do in life, what she’s really passionate about.
The friends she’s with and relatives etc.
This part is important for relationship because relationship isn’t something you
build but a connection you nurture.
Most of all you are looking at her attitude.
If you do not like the connection and all it is, is sexual connection then no way
you are going to get her engaged into your world.
The comfort phase needs you to introduce her to your world, the places you go,
the people you know, the stuﬀ you do, the things you’re into and she does the
same with you. You also need to show some vulnerability. This process takes
time. You don’t overload so much comfort at the same time. You add attraction to
it too or it becomes stale like a job interview.
So sparingly, use humour to break things about, change subjects to storytelling,
engage her, expand what she said, including your experiences and use bridging
techniques within the conversations. Like a rollercoaster your conversation goes,
up and down. Light serious and then some fun, deep conversatin and then break
to humour. Attraction is still there and so is physical touch conversation.
You sparingly reveal future and you see what she sees in the future. This doesn’t
happen immediate but gradual in the dating process.
If that doesn’t happen, it becomes empty. Though attraction will be there for
sexual, the stability for the long-term won’t be if these components are missed
out.
She will feel it too as you will.
She will question in her mind as you will.
You will get bored because you’re emotions are not invested in her. You are
holding back because the Absolute Value is not there for you and you didn’t
pursue it. Both of your attitude won’t compatible with each other or at least you
never really ﬁnd out.
It’s like sailing on a ocean without a rudder.
It goes nowhere and everywhere until it crashes on the rocks.
If the captian of that Yatch cannot ﬁnd the wheel, cannot steer with the rudder,
he will hit those rocks and crash. Now you got to get another Yatch. They are
expensive but so is dating.
It is your time you’re squandering.
It is your emotions you’re holding back which can be very tiring. You are hiding a
lot which creates a lot of tension in you.

It’s mentally draining if you are trying for connecting for relationship.
If not, it won’t bother you but you are wanting a relationship.
If it’s just sex, you won’t spend time with her in front of your friends, relatives,
going out with her, letting people see who you are with. You’ll just focus on sex
and the moment you do for a little while…..you will get bored of even a goddess
body of a woman and her face will make a man bored after a while.
I date attractive women. I do go for ass, tits, and all that but in the approach, I am
also qualifying her. In the begining dating steps I am building comfort and within
this phase I am gathering more about her.
When you skip this phase, all you got is perceived value.
So of course you’re going to get bored fast.
Of course you want to move on.
Of course you won’t want to take her to all places you love, people you have built
relationship with. Of course you won’t take her memory places and share stories
as you show her these places. Of course, you won’t travel the world, see things
and do so with maybe some people you know too.
Take your time in assessing the girls to see if the absolute value is compatible to
yours. If sex is not on table, do you see it lasting with her?
Are you feeling you can talk with her forever? Is the conversation enriching with
each other. Is her personality, her passion, her perception of the world
compatible to yours. Does she seem like a girl who has similar attitude as yours,
and you can see both as lovers can work together to make things happen in the
future?
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal to be 19 (male) and never have been in a romantic
relationship, how do I start?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it is “normal” whatever the words means. Like you’re worried what society
thinks, as if society knows shit because much of what they know is “normal” is
socially constructed.
Now, if you haven’t approached tons of girls, if girls is what you’re into, and just
looked, hoping they notice you, doing all that hints, signales, like you’re trying to
ﬂy a jumbo jet into the line of the street, well now, it’s not about normal.
You know, the stuﬀ women do, all day long and bitch about..
“Doesn’t he like me?”
“I am so pretty, intelligent, fun but guys don’t approach me.”
It’s down right insane to think girls will approach or anything will happen.
The ones that do approach are rare and girls I know are conﬁdent, secure about
themselves, do not follow social norms nonsense, traditions and have gone way
past the bullshit most girls still ﬁguring out and playing around with.
When I meet girls like that, it’s awesome. I know we’re going to get along
amazingly ﬁne and it always does. No insecurity about sex. No drama. None of
the stuﬀ you’d get from most girls.
Because you know, as well as everyone here knows, and I know, girls ain’t going to
be like Wonder Woman with backbone, walk up to a guy and say..

“I am so attracted to you. Let’s talk and get to know each other. I like to know more
about you. What you say?”
Never going to happen.
Except, if you are really, really, really hot good looking.
Or if the girls themselves have gone full circle and had enough of waiting, and
their pussy is dripping, they are tired of mastubating with their pillows and in the
shower, and whatever they use, and this time they are approaching, and don’t
give a damn what anyone else who is watching thinks anymore.
You meet girls like that, grab them. They are diamonds. Fun too and easy to get
along with and they don’t make it awkward because they said what they want and
you said yes too because you want it too.
Wouldn’t be amazing if it was that fucking simple?
It would but people complicate the shit out of it and it’s all down to the socially
constructed poison that everyone goes through from the day they are born and
until they die, or until they wake up and put a middle ﬁnger at it all.
Don’t worry about the good looking guys.
Majority always mess it up.
Majority of them haven’t a clue, nor the experience to know what to do next.
So yes.
It is “normal” to never be in a relationship at 19, 20, 30, 50, 60
1. If you did nothing.
2. If you saw girls and didn’t approach
3. If you didn’t walk up and ﬂirted, conversed
4. If you just sat on your laurel, ass, and wished you could
5. If you did that and nothing else but that
Yes, of course, that’s the result you’ll get
Want to change that?
Good.
Here’s how to start.
This is what I teach every guy to do and have done so for the last 20 plus years
and it works. Trust the process and detacte from the outcome. You’re not going to
approach to get a yes, no, date, sex, relationship, whatever.
So you should be in the mindset in which there is no pressure.
And you don’t give a damn about what response you get.
1. Start with the average girls who don’t intimidate you and say hi, and ask
for direction. Do a ton of that until you’re comfortable.
2. Then when you get good at that, do same with girls that make you feel
you’re about to die with intimidation. Do tons of that. Comfortable?
3. Next go approach and ask for other things, like time, where so so shop is,
where a particular bank is, whatever. Make the shit up and approach.
Always use..

“Hey there, I only got a second but do you know where the…..”
This tells the girls you won’t be standing talking with them for ages,
you’re busy, you’re going to go any second.
4. Comfortable? Ok great. Next…be cheeky. Fun. Approach and talk about
their high heel.
“Hey, I only got a second but I just saw you walking and had to come over to
ask - how on earth do you walk with these high heels with such class? I have
seen girls wobblying about to fall ﬂat on their face but you, you’re walking
about conﬁdently..”
End it with, “do you go to drama acting classes?” SMILE
Yes, she knows you’re on to her but at least you didn’t say..
“Hey there, you look so sexy and hot baby!”
Let her talk and expand it and be fun. Then say…
“Great talking to you. Hope to see you again. Bye.”
Do that to tons of girls. Obeserve. Notice things. Let’s say she got glasses
on. I love a woman with glasses. I really do. ~
You see one walking your way then you smile and do the Time
Constraint again..
“Hey there, I only got a second. I just wanted to ask, do you wear these
glasses because you are smart or (smile and pause) because you’re faking
it?”
Remember, you don’t give a shit.
That doesn’t mean insult people. It means you’re detached from the
outcome.
All pressure to get a date, sex, relationship, and getting a yes is gone.
This is training.
This you do for one year, hardcore, out there, get your brain to realise
what you need help in and it will start creating pathways in your brain to
allow you to develop social skills, social instinct and yes, killer instinct.~
You see, you got to do diﬀerent than routine.
Diﬀerent, new, shakes your mind to wake the hell up. It totally takes it
out of the comfort zone. This is what’s needed for it to see you mean
business. If you do the same, being in comfort zone, it won’t happen to
engage your brain for it to help you.
Killer instinct is deep to write about for now but it means you have
overcome the need for social approval. You are above social pressure.
You don’t give a fuck about what people think but at same time, you have
empathy, understanding and it’s not about making someone feel small.

It just means you are well equiped to stand up to social pressure and it
doesn’t bother you as much as most guy.
When you’re comfortable with the above, go to bars, and immediately approach
and talk. Be creative not sleazy. Be conﬁdent, not timid. Be status not needy.
Don’t orbit around her all day.
One minute or two, and move on.
Talk to guys, talk to everyone, at the shop, at the supermarket, even the cashier,
as they put your food through, TALK, be fun, have charm, conﬁdent. I do it all the
time and leave them smiling and laughing but really, I am always, always training
myself because social conditioning is always in your mind now.
You cannot delete it but you can dilute the noise.
This is what you’re doing.
Diluting all the shit you have said to yourself for years. All the can’t, shouldn’t,
what if, she’s out of my league, but I don’t know anyone, blah blah blah. To all the
the garbage social conditioning, society, association, media has vomited into
your brain.
When you put action in consistently you’ll grow with social instinct because it
goes like this and this is science..
1. Eﬀort.
2. Consistency
3. Brain engages
4. Develops your emotional strength, social skills and social instinct.
Social instinct is where you can approach larger groups, gatherings, lots of
people, small crowd of people and engage them all. You’ll knowing how to solve
problems with dickheads and bitches who think you will cower when they try it
on with you. You’ll know how to put them in their place without saying a damn
word.
One back turn and asking the girl, “Sorry about that. Where were we?” And doing
it LOUD as you move the girl to another place because you know they are only
doing this to get you to lose your attention on the girl, lose your status by barking
back like a Gorrilla.
Social skills enables you to approach, grab the attention, transition fast to a
conversation, lead the conversation to wherever you want and still engage the
person or groups of people.
This is training so you never, ever ask..
“Wat do I say to a girl? What do we talk about?”
This training gives you the data, experience, knowledge and creativity. You also
become relax, fun, detached from the outcome and girls will wonder what is it
about you. You will also make tons of friends all over the city the way I have.
So forget about dating, relationships, sex, and focus ﬁrst on the fundamentals.
Have fun, relax, there is no pressure.
You’re not going for a yes.
You are approaching the world to bring value, fun, excitement, your personality
and positivity.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Can I ask my boyfriend to stay away from speciﬁc girl? I used to
know her (we were never friends) but stopped contact since I
realized she liked him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, sure you can but I won’t if I was you.
That’s borderline abuse, controlling someone.
First it be..
1. Stay away from this speciﬁc girl
2. Next it be stay way from these friends
3. Then it be stay away from this night club
4. Then it be, I don’t want you going out without me
5. Then it be, I don’t want you going out for too long
6. Then you will increase the manipulation due to your own insecurities
with, no sex if you don’t do this and that
7. Then you will be on here writing how to get your ex-boyfriend back.
You need to focus on your own insecurities instead of trying to control your
boyfriend. The moment you do that is then moment you’re heading for trouble.
Especially if he’s like me, not passive-aggressive and whose not a push over.
Moment anyone tells me what I can’t do, they ﬁnd out they got no power at all to
do that and I will distance myself from such people.
Sort the socially constructed poison called jealousy and possessiveness out. This
is about your own fears and insecurities not his.
He’s not a product, an item, an object but a man who has choices, will power, his
own life and social circle.
Moment most guys start giving up on things like that, most women will never be
satisﬁed and start doing all kinds of shit.
Then when a man does it all, they fuck oﬀ and ride someone else’s dick.
So focus on yourself and your own issues.
That’s his social network and his resources, his friends, and his life.
794 Views · View Upvoters

How do I handle girlfriend that thinks I act silly and like a
clown?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what ﬂirting is about, being funny really is about for guys?
Yes it is to build attraction, to arouse but also…
It is to screen out, ﬁlter out, women who are up their asses, being all serious, and
who will be fucking headache later on.
She did that to try to psychologically seduce you to be a chump, so then she can
dangle sex like a carrot, for months to come, and treat you like a push over.
Dump her ass where she stands and move on.
Any girl who thinks that they can criticize a guy and think it’s some turn on, or
even entitled to do so, shouldn’t be given a chance. There are far too many girls

like that on Tinder, acting all bitchy then complain on forums and on here, why
guys don’t even bother with them.
I have seen some on here too.
Check on the Tinder conversations on here and you see how some girls reply to
guys like they on some acid ego trip. Acting all bitchy like they don’t give a fuck.
Good. Guys won’t give a fuck with them either.
No one will date girls who got that kind of attitude, so don’t reward her by
carrying on with her.
Let her go and approach someone who got the inteligence to get with the humour
and knows what ﬂirting, positive teasing means.
In other words, keep approaching and ﬁnd someone who loves the witty, fun guy
and stay away. Use that as your ﬁlter, screening. She isn’t compatible with you
and so, forget even trying with her. Not worth your eﬀort and time.
You know what you want and you know what you don’t want.
What you don’t want is women like her.
Move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get him to love me like he did before?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is always a chance but it might also never happen too.
So what do you do?
You focus on you because he will be focusing on himself. I know because what
you did to him, a girl did to me and she later said it was a mistake.
It was too late.
You see when anyone does that, mistake or whatever, it tells me a great deal about
her. It tells me she cannot be trusted. She is immature. She is easily inﬂuenced by
her own emotions and probably by her fears, insecurities and even her friends.
Sometimes friends play a part and girls unfortunately have the tendency to listen
to the bullshit of their friends to seek approval.
So moment this girl did that to me, I said ﬁne, and walked away and two days
later, she came to my house without calling, because I didn’t answer phone. It
was switched oﬀ. She came to tell me it was a mistake but it was too late.
Her behaviour left negativity and an uneasy feeling in ,me.
I couldn’t trust her anymore.
The comfort I had with her was gone.
The certainty I had with her was gone.
So I said I have moved on and I’m also not interested in being friends. I said that
so she can easily move on. I knew she was into me, I knew she wanted me back
and so it be torture for her to be friends with me.
I was also thinking about myself 99%.
I am a player, a lover which society labels me with but I have strong terms.
That is, I do not want to hurt anyone intentionally.

It’s why I am honest, no bullshit, I say what I desire, I am upfront with girls in
saying I am not into serious relationship, but sex. Hey it might happen with
relationship but I cannot promise this and no one really can. I don’t plan
relationships. I don’t frame things like many people into a relationship.
I’m not needy and insecure to do that in beginning.
And so girl is in with it or not. Fine by me. Leave, go back to your world and date
nice guys and guys who are in similar mindset as themselves.
So I could have, used her. I could have took my revenge on her and used her,
fucked her many more night and then dumped her ass.
But I didn’t and I wouldn’t.
It’s not me.
I can approach many women, have options, and yes, women who love sex, they
are not full of baggage, tired of the social norms shit, tired of mummy advice,
tired of being insecure, tired of playing with their pillow and want a man, and no
more bullshit. No more fear. No more hiding.
Plenty of girls, women like that for men with balls.
So when she did that to me, what do you think I did?
I said ﬁne, walked away and because I have options. I thought maybe she began
judging me like most people who got more skeleton in their fucking life than I
ever will have, or that she got scared about something, or whatever.
So you’re fortunate.
You got a guy there who won’t use you. He just now wants to be friends because
like me, we don’t want drama. We don’t want back and forth. It’s emotionally
draining. It confusing and we don’t know if the girl will do it again.
Once is enough.
Twice, shame on me.
So you need to do these steps..
1. Distance yourself from him for a long while
2. Don’t spend time with him on text, phone and in person
3. You need to heal. You need time for yourself. You need to recollect your
thoughts and ask why you did that in the ﬁrst place
4. And you need to work it out in your head and ﬁgure yourself out or you
will push someone else you date in future away from you
5. Focus on you for now. This is a time for you and get your mind, emotions
and stuﬀ in order.
6. Build attraction on you. Look after your body, hit the gym, go all the way
for you only. 6 months to a year, you will look so damn diﬀerent,
stronger, and you will feel it too.
Distance from him and focus on you. The negativity is still there and will be for a
long while. You’re not doing any favours for yourself meeting him so soon
because he won’t see you have changed.
Dissappear and go and focus on yourself.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ask to have sleepovers with my boyfriend?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t focus on the sleep over yet.
Here’s what you do.
1. Get your boyfriend visiting you at grandparents
2. Give time. He visits a lot so they get to know him
3. That means also, going out with grandparents, with you and him
together
4. He builds connection with them and show both are sensible
5. Let them both see you are both mature, and can be trusted to not fuck up
their place and most of all, be more understanding about you and him
6. Do not make out in front of them and do not try it when hidden in their
home. Be sensible and courteous if you want them to trust you.
7. Advise him to not kiss their ass but be real and polite
8. Together, you and your boyfriend get to know your grandparents. Very
important you do this together and sometimes your boyfriend spends
time with the grandfather doing whatever. Maybe the grandfather likes
gardening, so help out. Maybe the grandmother goes shopping, help out
both of you. Show them this generation is maturer than they think. Not
by words but your behaviour.
So ﬁrst do these and it will take time but if you’re boyfriend is into you, he will
wait and be patiant to accomplish these and then whenever you want a sleep
over…they already know him so well, the trust is there.
Or ﬁnd other ways away from home and use protection.
Be responsible.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get motivated to write every day?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Greater purpose and a whole lot of loving what you do.
I never needed motivation. I know some people want that push, inspired by
someone’s words but it becomes external and it will go away.
So you need to ﬁnd it within yourself.
I don’t do things for money or because it’s a job, or study. I do things that make
me feel great. It’s not rocket science.
When you do something that makes you so pumped up with excitement, you
never really need that motivation. That’s why I do what makes me feel amazing.
I don’t look for passion. I do what makes me FEEL what I want to FEEL.
That’s why you never see me bored or worried what to write, design, paint, do.
Seems to me you either not into writing or it’s just not part of something bigger in
your life you wish to achieve.
For me, I cannot help but write, because it is who I am.
Words are my obessession but not so with writing some winded words to sound
clever. Rather, writing to get a message across with my own personality and
fearless in doing so.

It burns bright inside of me to always write.
It becomes a habit.
Give me a keyboard and I will write an essay in no time, or a story, or a concept, or
an idea and expand the idea into a full blown novel within a week, for me to then
work on it more to give to editors to do the rest.
Everywhere I go, I’m a man of words. Words going round my head. Concepts,
stories, characters, meanings, and on and on it goes. I never get bored. I never get
tired of writing and only time I’d stop if my eyes are telling me to sleep.
Like now, it is 4.14 am and I am writing my book that I feel will cut through the
crap regarding dating and it’s not easy, because it is crafted into a story with
psychological weakness and psychological morals in the characters, desires,
needs, and other components weaved in.
But if you are writing for school etc, well, you will need to ﬁnd some people who
are into writing and get inspired writing with them.
I for once, don’t see much with external motivation.
It has to be something I love doing and I have been loving writing since I was a
child and now I’m in my 40s, and the ﬁre has only grown stronger, and brighter.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to tell a girl that you love her because she's pretty?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget just a girl.
If a girl even went up to a guy and said.
“I love you because I think you…you….have a dick.”
That’s what you are saying to girl…
“I love you because you got tits baby, pussy, and that ass, OMG that ass, I want to
slam into it like a runaway train.”
And you think she’s going to say…
“Oh thank you. Yes, I shave it, smoooth and this ass comes from lots of squat. Go
on, slap it on, you….you….lover boy.”
In your dreams.
Don’t you get it yet?
You must be a teen or some guy with no experience or understanding about girls.
Moment you even approach and say hello, her social conditioning mind that’s
pumped up with so much guilt about sex, shame and invention with modesty,
and mummy…daddy….friends hammering in her ears about how only bad
girls..BAD GIRLS…very bad girls attract guys with their body and real gentleman
are born with radar vision, that can read personality of women from 100 yards.
She’d think…
“He only cares about sex and not me.”
Just saying hello gets her mind going like she’s on acid trip or on some mad
rollercoaster, dodging metorites that scream
“ALERT! ALERT! DAYUM GIRL! WAKE UP! ALERT! HE’S AFTER YOUR BODY!
SEX…SEX…SEX…!

And you won’t know because she will do something else.
Giggle or be so suprised she has tits, pussy and ass.
How she is so pretty, so, so pretty, and pretends it is a revelation just dawned on
her from the heavens above.
Like she never looked in mirror, turned to see if she has a great ass and didn’t do
any of those awkward stupid annoying photos with weird angles showing her
cleavage with pouting lips.
Man I hate the pouting lips crap. It’s everywhere.
No, she’d say “OOoh thanks” or nothing, blush and walk away.
As her brain says..
“See you are good…good…girl. God will love thee and you are saved from hell ﬁre,
and slut shaming, and whore shaming, and too easy shaming from the organisation
and fraternities of Zod.”
So do yourself a favour because girls got enough shit in their head. You don’t
want her feeling anymore insecure as she already is.
Instead forget saying anything about her body and looks.
Yes, keep body, pretty, out of it because it says..
“I have a dick. Want some.”
And this has nothing to do with love.
;)
6k Views · View Upvoters

I want someone to do something for me but I have nothing to
oﬀer. I don't want to threaten him because I can't risk him
telling anyone. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what I do, no threats..
1. Find out what they desire, value the most. I did this for some businesses.
Also I did this with relatives and even strangers.
2. Then I now got the link to what they want
3. We converse and drop it in the conversation
4. Now we do a mutual beneﬁt swop. I get this sorted and they sort
something for me out. If they don’t deliver, they don’t get it.
Or another way
1. Build deep connection friendship
2. Build the trust
3. Now I do the above and it becomes more powerful.
4. The person will recipocrate because we’re friends.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Does she like me or is she playing games?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are both playing games.
You talking like a chump and killing attraction by telling her you like some girl,
and not just focus on her.
And she pretending she is not interested and telling you to move on.
Hey, she told you then because she probably sick of guys still attached to their ex
or some girl out there when they need to focus conversation on her.
So you shot yourself in the foot.
Stop playing games, focus on the girl and forget putting labels on it. Just get on
with it and avoid interfering with the process by talking about some girl, EVEN if
it’s her you are subtley trying to say.
In other words, you are ﬂirting far too much, playing hard to get and so she is now
doing the same thing with you.
Be direct but don’t confess lovy dovy feelings. Keep it light hearted.
Use text to build attraction not some boring stuﬀ. Arouse her. Be fun, Excite her
and when you do meet again, focus on building on attraction and stay away from
talking about some girl, even if you’re saying in a way it’s her.
That will push a girl away and confuse her to not know what to do.
Should she invest more? Should she go 100%?
Now correct this behaviour and see how it goes.
If she still doesn’t show interest by being proactive, move on.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

I am a Muslim woman and I am in love with an atheist. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You knew what to do from day one.
You knew as an example..
1. You’re Muslim or Christain, or religious
2. You come from strict cultural, traditional family religious background
3. You knew that if it went any further then logistics are problems
4. You knew that if you’re parents knew, you could get into deep shit
You knew from day one but you decided to..
1. Entertain the thought
2. Take action towards it
3. Put more time into it
Because you was infatuated, desiring and chemicals kicking and your pussy
tingling and all those fantasies kicking oﬀ.
So you got busy and he did too ;)
So here’s the news…
You can do anything.
You can take responsibility for your sexuality.

You can say “Oi dickhead! Fuckoﬀ out of my face.”
You can frown
You can wave your hand like a princess and say “sorry not good enough. Piss oﬀ.”
You could have avoided being alone with him
You could have done a hundreds things and ONE just one thing to make a guy so
hurt, and he’d walk away crying like a bitch because planet these days is full of
chumps with no balls
Now, after all that hard work, you ask..
“What should I do?”
Come on!
What do you expect us to say?
It’s easy for some folks to talk about how you love him, he loves you. and you get
together and sorted but you and I know, we know what our community is like. We
know don’t we what parents can be like.
They’d rather put their image, reputation, what others might say as more
important than our own happiness. You know this and that’s why you were
dating the guy like it’s a covert spy operation.
Hiding it all from them and doing all the Ninja moves.
Look. This is not me saying slut, whore, too easy. I don’t believe in this bullshit
and I see these labels as bollocks but you can’t say you didn’t know the logistics of
things. You were immature, you were infatuated, you knew the risks, you knew
what consequences and you went ahead and did it.
I’m being real with you as I have been with many Arab girls who I said to fuck oﬀ
back to their religious, cultural, hard nut tradition strict families because I don’t
need the headache, of girls who want to and then all of a sudden, panicking, back
and forth and talking about family this and how family that, and how she will not
be accepted by family blah blah blah.
I have been where you are and I know how shit it can be for you. I know how it’s
scarey as hell but I didn’t take action, dating, having sex, and say to then world..
I tried to avoid, but I couldn’t and now…NOW…what shal I do?
I won’t be accepted.
I knew what I was doing and still do.
I know when I see an attractive woman and my dick goes hard, yes ladies, our
dick goes hard, like it’s some new thing to you that guys got dicks, and want to
have sex with you, touch all your body, but when I see a woman I am into..I
KNOW 100% what I am doing.
I also know the challenges, obstacles, logistics and all the bullshit most women
bring to the table due to the insecurities.
So I know, you know, every woman and man knows, what is going on but when
that NEW RELATIONSHIP FEELING is gone, when reality sinks in, then we know
who is really who and if the girl is up her ass with insecurities, indoctrines,
feeling guilty about sex, shame due to brain washing, social conditioning, and all
the years that tell her she isn’t a woman with pussy, tits, and ass and so don’t
behave as a woman, a NATURAL woman, a sexual woman. No. it’s bad…bad…evil
blah blah bla

I was diﬀerent to you.
I said to myself. This is what I want. This is my life and I know I might go through
hell with this and family disown and all that.
I was honest with myself.
You need to also appreciate, people come in and out of relationships. You think
he’s the one, well, there isn’t “the one.”
You might ﬁnd after some years he fucks oﬀ.
Hey, it happens. He didn’t use you. You wanted it and he wanted it. Take
responsibility for it.
Now…face the music.
Yes, I have no solution for you.
You went ahead and did whatever before you asked me and anyone here. Now
that you went ahead, and you did so without our consent :), then had sex, and
now you say what should you do.
Face the music is what you should do.
Or didn’t you believe in what you was doing and all it was infatuation?
You’re going to ﬁnd out won’t you and you’ll also ﬁnd out if this guy is for real
when the shit hits the fan because as you and I know, coming from such cultural
and religious background, traditions, and the way we know how parents can be
and fear their reputation, image - the shit will hit the fan.
Depends what your parents are like.
If they wise or they get you packing, sent back home, arrange marriage and all the
shit I have seen happen before.
I was strong and took it and living my life and told them, it ain’t going to happen
the way they think but you, I don’t know.
For you, it’s real hard because we know what it’s like for a girl in our
communities. It’s a bit diﬀerent but even then, you’ll see most guys are not like
me either. They haven’t the balls to date and walk about with a white attractive
girl in front of everyone. I am because I am proud of the women I date. I got no
shame about that and I am into the women I date.
People don’t like it, their problem but for you, the price is higher, the logistic
problem is bigger, the loss is trippled but only by the fact you fear the loss of some
illusional respect, reputation and the reputation of your relatives/parents when
everyone knows.
Sounds like you is afraid, not determined, was just going with the ﬂow without
thinking and comitted to your decision.
So my advice..
You didn’t make love. You had sex.
You’re going to ﬁnd out soon enough if this is love because when the storm
comes, his true face will reveal itself and so will yours.
If you meant it or it was just infatuation will show itself now.
Face the music.
And see who this guy you so dated really is.

You will also see who you are to and how you deﬁne yourself.
You will also see your parents faces and what they REALLY believe in. God or
their reputation. Their daughters happiness or their social reputation and image.
Character isn’t built on easy roads but on a whole heap of crap coming at you
from all kinds of direction. Then you shall know who is who and who you are for
real.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

As a parent, would you have a problem if your daughter’s exboyfriend dated your other daughter a year later if previous
breakup was not ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What makes you think the mother/dad has a choice? :)
You’re asking like parents can say “no” and the girl will say “Oh ok” and nothing
else is going to happen.
The amount of time girls and guys do things their parents don’t even know is
huge. Parents can say “no” but the girl is going to do it anyway.
Instead, I won’t say no.
I’d educate about sex, about all the stuﬀ I know and so, she can make a decision
based on a lot of knowledge.
Parents think they got control but when I was a teen, the amount of girls were
secretly dating, having sex, giving blow jobs and their parents know nothing, was
a lot.
So what makes you think parents can control that?
They can lock her up, say no and do whatever but in the end, let me put it tyhis
way..
My parents said no to dating, you think I fucking listened?
I smiled, said ok and I went ahead anyway, without them ever knowing.
Don’t wait building very close relationship with sons and daughters. Do it early
on but even then, you probably can’t stop much of what is going on behind your
back.
So you can say yes, no, whatever.
If the daughter wanted to, really into the guy, she’d ﬁnd a way and you’d probably
never know.
791 Views · View Upvoters

My wife is pregnant with another man's child and the father
wishes to be a part of the child's life. How do I deal with this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t tell you how you deal with it but I can say how I will.
I would divorce her immediately.
The reason is because even though I love her, the child is not going to be my
child, and the father will always be in the picture.

The child also will be in conﬂict and no matter what I do, I cannot bring the child
up in a way without interference, and also ﬁnd the child grow to say I am not the
father and it’s none of my business yada yada.
Second, we are married, and there was no child I knew of, so I would see it as she
cannot be trusted, and have the balls to take her to court, get it sorted, and
divorce, done, and out of my fucking life so I can move on and leave her to it.
She will not get my emotional support.
She will not get ﬁnancial assistance.
She will have no more communication with me.
Call me a bastard, a Jerk, whatever. Join the massive queue. It’s very long so you
got a long, long walk ahead of you.
She made her bed, now she fucking lie on it and deal with the responsibilities,
and maybe even fuck oﬀ to the man she opened her legs for, while we were
married.
The contract is now broken.
Therefore the promise is broken.
The situations and relationship dynamics has changed.
And I won’t trust her, what she says at all from that day forward.
So yes, I will divorce her and make sure feelings do not get in the way I have for
her, because I am not going to be a doormat for anyone and I am not going to
bring up a child in which someone outside interferes.
So fuck to fake empathy and all that white knight shit.
I don’t care what society thinks.
I’d be done with this relationship, packed my bags the ﬁrst time I heard this and
left her to it.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

Would you quit Quora for 100 dollars? If not, for how much
money? If so, how little would you take?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

$100?
You must think I’m nuts.
I make $500 an hour at times due to Quora.
I am fully booked this week with skype sessions.
Now to the answer…
No. Even if you gave me $50,000 because I do things bigger than money, bigger
than a lot of things people do things for.
It’s called making tons of connections.
I made connection with some folks near beginning I started here and these
connections has paid me back more than you can imagine and we are still reaping
the rewards.
I mean over $100,000 from one connection and I won’t go any further on how. It
got me to travel to diﬀerent countries to do things that are amazing.

There are those who use social media to write.
There are those who make connections and make things happen.
You can’t put a price on that. Sorry. Not going to happen.
Even if Quora is sold to someone else, shuts down, the connection and the trust I
built will be with me for always. I’ll make more money than you can put on table
right now.
Forget $1bn. You haven’t got that kind of money anyway, so I’m not going to be
silly about it.
But if you provide a team of designers, coders, for a year, now that I can use and
increase the value of the connections I make.
I don’t want money.
I thrive, grow and feel amazing when I make money from my own imagination
and with people. I feel growth in me and I earned the money.
That means a lot for me and a principle I believe in.
I remember I found a wallet and in it was £250. I found whose wallets it is and
found the person and gave it to them. Had to travel for a few hours and did some
calls. I like to earn the money than be given to me.
37k Views · View Upvoters

Should I change who I am in order to get a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, it’s not about changing who you are.
It’s about bettering yourself and this is where most don’t get and think they need
to change who they are. They don’t know who they are.
Second, I am dating women who are not into arts, music, etc because that’s not
compatibility. The amount of time women bore the shit with me thinking
compatibility is interest, education, what they are into is crazy.
It’s not about that.
It’s about feeling.
He can be a bleeding mechanic for all we care, and he still arouse you, make you
feel alive more than any guy who into what you mentioned.
Forget what the guy is into and what you’re into for a moment or your
conversation will be logical not emotional and won’t connect with the guy. You’ll
be doing what most women do and do small talk.
I met a woman who is into astronomy and I met her in a Night club. I met a
woman who is into science and testing of bacteria, in a night club. I met a woman
who is into making planes, an engineer in a night club.
The amount of time people label stuﬀ is bewildering.
Some of the people you say are not into what you’re into, have friends, relatives,
associates who are into these things. Don’t cut oﬀ that world but connect with
people because that’s part of your resources that can open doors to others who
are similar in values and interests, if you’re into meeting folks like that.
I am an artist. I draw. I sing, I write books and I am into stars, history, arts. I travel
and see the arts in diﬀerent worlds and my life is packed with famous and non
famous artists.

Where do you ﬁnd me
Night club is where you see me.
I also love my quiet time. In fact, I’m a bit of a geek on psychology, computers,
history, and love reading about history a great deal. It’s facinating, it opens my
eyes to the world. You’d see me reading for hours on end, quietly in a corner
sometimes in a cafe but you women, would walk right past because you’d also see
me dressed as a bad boy, and not be any wiser.
Why?
Labels. Perception.
So people have preconceieved ideas of environments.
You seem to think, people who go to night club are just people who go drink and
who take drugs.
Well, I don’t drink and I don’t take drugs. I don’t mind others drinking but I am
just not into it and nor do half of the people I know drink. They come from
families who do and don’t like it drinking and drugs. Neither do I.
I spend hours painting, drawing, studying master arts works, travel to
exhibitions, meeting producers and yes, I also look at the stars and know most of
their names, and mythology.
You won’t know if you came to a nigh club and judged me by my look and by what
environment I go to.
I don’t just go night clubs.
I go to musuems, galleries, book stores, exhibitions and meet lots of artists. I meet
a lot of other people who love reading and so forth but when it’s about attracting
women, I never talk about these and focus on attraction, until she emotionally
invested in me, dated, got to know me, we got physical, sex and I can see I can
trust her on how she is for real.
Change your perception because it isn’t about changing you but changing your
perception of the world you are in and how you interact with it.
Go to night clubs for fun, not for date then. Go out and relax and see these
environments as a place where you can meet people who are more
knowledgeable, experience in your ﬁeld than you think.
Now let’s go over what you do need to do.
1. You don’t need to change yourself but please appreciate the world you
are in and not judge it and put labels on it. Many environments attract all
sorts of people. Not all drink and not all take drugs.
2. If you’re a person who is loner, then go to environments that makes you
feel comfortable because that’s really what the problem is not the night
clubs and it’s scene. You’re not comfortable in such environments. It’s
not about interest but rather your personality and comfort zone. You are
probably someone who is very detailed, cautious type and not much of a
social creature.
3. So go to environments you are comfortables but just know, content,
details, your interest isn’t what attracts men and creates desire in men.
That comes later for relationship. First attract, get a date and later do all
that small talk. I am a man of arts, science, but you won’t think it when
you see me or read my work. I don’t get turned on by women of
knowledge. I get turned on by their feminity, by their ﬂirtness, by their
conﬁdence in knowing how to arouse me. Woman cannot arouse me with

knowledge but by her sexuality, the way she uses her body language, her
smile, her eyes, her touch, taking interest in me, and not label or judge
me because I am very conﬁdent with women and I ﬂirt hard, fast and I
touch. I’m a lover.
4. Add social skills. Skills that then help you to connect to people, men,
ﬂirt, build on attraction, seduce in that environment where you are more
comfortable with and with people, men who are similar.
5. Don’t stay quiet, in a corner. You will need to talk to men, connect with
them, approach, just connect. The rest if he is conﬁdent he will make his
move but don’t give signals and hints. Instead make sure you let him
know you’re interested in him. Men are wary these days with women
who give hints, ﬂirts and do not say they are interested. So speak your
intent.
992 Views · View Upvoters

How can a guy/man choose the right girl/woman to be with in
terms of a long-term/serious relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want the fairy tale or you want the reality?
Ok then the reality :)
Let’s ﬂip it and have some fun.
Give it the Twilight Zone feel but with some cool ending..
1. She ﬁgure out what she wants.
2. But also know what she doesn’t want
3. She doesn’t compromise these two no matter if the person is good
looking, sexy, rich, whatever. Or she is ﬁnished and she ﬁnd herself
being passive aggressive and bitch about how she was used. Takes
responsibility.
4. Now she dates many and doesn’t promise a damn thing but say what it is
you look for. Date, get experience, be in relatonships, learn, overcome,
increased her knowledge, social instinct, solve problems, uncover your
own insecurities, read tons of books, ﬁgure things out as she dates guys.
You are not in the picture yet. Keep reading because these are what you
are doing from your side too.
5. Now she learnt a lot and got hurt, found some love, lost love, got hurt
some more, did some mistakes on way, wish she didn’t do them,
corrected her behaviour and suddenly, she meets someone.
No. not you. You’re not there yet ;)
6. All the experience, knowledge, understanding, and how she has also
grown helps her to identify the man, see red ﬂags faster, do things
diﬀerent, and so she thinks, “no.”
7. She move on after dating him and then someone else, then someone else
but one day, she meets a man.
She meets you and you have gone through the same process instead of
beig like a chump, waiting for it to happen or chasing one woman is
headache.
You ﬁnd a connection with and she does so with you.

She feels something about you.
Same chemicals, same lust, same infatuation but she feels you have
sense, like it’s meant to be and you’re not doing small talk but rather
talking which arouses her emotions, captivates her and leads her fantasy
to believe the sexual experience and journey with you will be better than
any guy she will meet.
Se sees you for who you are and sex is fucking good, you can have sex
with each other for 40 years and more and never get bored. You can sit
with each other and talk for years and not get bored. There would be new
things to learn from each other and not get bored.
8. Finally, all she have learnt, all the sadness, the fucking pain, the let
downs, dissappointments, the “all men are bastards,” turns into
calmness, and realisation, an understanding of the universal law..
“You do not get a relationship. You connect with lots of people. You choose which
connection to nurture and which ones you don’t. You don’t get what you want. You
attract what you are. You get what you are.”
And there, in that moment, as she smiles, touches your hands, you take her
home, pins her to the wall, rips her clothes oﬀ and fucks her, and her tears ﬂow, as
you ask her.
“Why you crying” puzzled.
“I’m happy.” She says as she groans louder.
But the truth is, this time she feel she can let go and not be two women at the
same time. The woman who is enslaved with social conditioning, shame about
sex, guilt about her modesty, but with openess and as her pussy gets eaten out,
she relaxes to be the NATURAL woman.
You both know love is never enough and know what it takes to build, nurture a
connection, a relationship and both of you will not make the mistakes most
make.
That’s how this woman ﬁnds you, and that’s how you ﬁnd her.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend wants to make plans for the future with me,
should I break up with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Focus on yourself.”
Bollocks.
Load of crappy excuse. I do more than you mate. Run businesses, coach people,
write 6 books, and all sorts. It doesn’t stop me with relationships.
Stop rationalising your bullshit.
You needed to say such things about what you want, want to marry when you’re
in your late thirties earlier on not now. That talk needed to be done on ﬁrst few
dates you had with her. Not ﬁrst but like 3rd date where you share your goals,
values and what you want out of life. Not 6 years later.
I met one of my girlfriends when I was 29 years old, and she was 20 years old. I
think 19 actually. Can’t remember.

I said to her from day one what I’m like and even her sisters warned her that I am
a lover, who likes women and if she is sure to be with me because she cannot go
oﬀ trying to change the guy.
She was ok about it.
We have been with each other since then and I am in my 40’s, and dating
multiple women. We are still together. I didn’t need to take time oﬀ to “focus on
myself.”
Next time, be honest with girls you’re approaching. Don’t fear loss. Don’t fear if
girl doesn’t validate and don’t fear of losing pussy.
This now, is going to damage you too.
When you hurt someone and you knew you could have said things very early on,
it hits your self esteem. It becomes part of your thoughts, emotions and identity.
This will be so for her too.
It becomes part of your unconsciousness and it will always be there on how you
wasn’t honest to a girl once upon a time.
Anyone who wants to build conﬁdence and high self image, must be careful how
they treat others. They need to avoid going on survival mode and ensure they are
transparent early on.
Now if you did let her know early on what you want - and she was with you to try
to ﬁx and change you, well then it was her choice and it’s on her head then.
Respect to you. You did right and you was honest with her.
My hats oﬀ to you. Yes I have many hats. Love my hats :)
But if you weren’t honest early on, letting her know what you’re saying now, then
man, what a mess.
Let her know fast.
Tell her, move on and next time, be honest with whoever you want to date on
what you want earlier on not years.
11 Views · View Upvoters

Why am I hopeless when it comes to dating and relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not fair. Right? I mean I hear this a lot..
“Not fair.”
But you see, life never said anything is fair. You make things fair by bettering
yourself and unfortunately, you need a lot of help understanding girls.
These here are what we call details, content:
1. Extremely polite, caring
2. Understanding
3. Sort of person that girls are always keen to talk when they are not OK
Can you see the problem.
Hint.
They only give a damn when they are not ok which tells me, you have no
standards whatsoever. You give yourself like you have no value.

You see, the above 3 points you mentiond mean fuck all when it comes to
attraction. You are like most typical guys, working things backwards.
Instead of approaching to build attraction, you work backwards and start with
comfort. Instead of approaching and be challenging, you are easily accessible.
Instead of realising that polite, caring, understanding and keen to talk when they
are not ok is not attraction, you use these as though it’s suppose to attract girls.
How’s it going for you?
It’s not, because you’re seeing it doesn’t work that way.
But hey, at least you didn’t ﬁnish a degree, work in a job and realise none of that
shit up there works because it doesn’t.
Here’s why.
First comes perceived value and so, if you’re behaviour doesn’t excite, arouse,
grab attention then you’re like most guys they know and orbit around them.
What you’re talking about is absolute value.
This comes after. It helps to build relationships whe dating.
It’s when you start dating, and then slowly you show your personality, you show
you care, you listen, but you do not not to impress and not to seek validation.
You have boundaries and you’re not going to exist just when these girls don’t feel
ok and vomit all sorts on you, just use you for emotional support and then goes
oﬀ dating an fucking some guy she just met.
You have standards.
So you got some learning to do but hey, relax.
I envy you.
The stuﬀ you will learn, those aha moments, the amazing feeling when you have
your ﬁrst date, then feel shit when it doesn’t go right, to ﬁnd someone after
dating many girls who will see you for who you are.
That is, after she is infatuated with you because perceived value comes ﬁrst.
Just remember this…
First attraction and comfort is way down the line. It doesn’t come ﬁrst. Contrary
to what most in this world like you to believe.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I recondition my self to have better self image and
good beliefs? I'm trying to improve and take on new ideas but
I'm ﬁnding it diﬃcult due to the conditioned ideas within me
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Good self image comes from one who has high self worth. If a person self image is
small then they are not true to their nature of themselves.
Example…
“What you recognize (in your thinking), you energise (in your emotions).
What you energize (in your feeling and emotions) you realise (in your life
experience)”
You see, the thoughts about yourself - is your self image.

1. If you know you cannot be trusted, if you know you are not true to
people, if you know you are faking who you are, if you know you treated
others with malice or broke their trust, if you know you lie, if you know
you betray, if you know….then these are in your thoughts.
This is why if someone does something to me in the above I stay away. If
someone speaks negative, I stay from them. My thoughts create my
emotions and my behaviour re-aﬃrms again to make these behaviours
stronger as my brain creates pathways. This is why I am very careful on
who I associate with and who to avoid, what to read, watch and listen.
Pay attention here because this is one step you don’t ever want to miss
due to how it totally messes your life up later on…
2. The Thoughts you have of yourself - and others - is your attitude.
See that? It is also about others and how you treat others.
So if your natural self is saying you are not true, you are not good for your
word, you see the world as dog eat dog, if you’re not grateful for what you
have, if you backstab someone and feel no remorse, if you think taking is
what you do to get success without payment due, then this is your
attitude.
This is why, this right here, I try my utmost to be understanding to
people. I try to be patient. I try to treat them well. I do as much good as
possible and not for seeking validation. Fuck that. I do it because I know
it shapes my mind and enriches it. It’s like an aﬃrmation to myself.
But also, if I ﬁnd someone taking me for granted or their association is
poison I stay away, I forgive and then I ban them from all my social
online platforms because they can be toxic to my mind and
environment.
It’s like saying to myself…
“I’m a good man. A man who cares for human beings. A man who has
integrity and who will never break his word to someone he gaves, lets them
down and if I do, shame on me. Shame on me for doing that because I am
hurting myself, my self worth, putting thoughts in there that are counterproductive to what I desire and aspire to be. I must take responsibility for
my thoughts, choices and who I do work with and associate with.“
When I live like this, the feeling I feel is out of this world. It’s contagious.
I go everywhere and people feel it. People can’t help but giving me
resources, contacts and they want to work with me because how they feel
around me. That feeling is done due to a lot of work from the inside and
from the way I behave to other people.
People come on skype and they feel the power in me. The feel the
positivity. They are uplifted to such a level they can’t help but be happy
but the moment they are gone, they feel the doom, gloom, hardness of
their own hearts, of their own thoughts and I cannot bottle what I am
inside and give it to them.
But I can show them the way and not my way, but the way of all the great
men and women, and all from diﬀerent cultures, communities,
countries, from every nation, who left us this wisdom. None of it is mine.
I am greater in who I am because of all of these men and women, and I’ll
never forget them. I got their names on my wall and when people walk
into my home they ask, who is these people.

And I say with pride, “this man is American, he did this. This woman is
from China, I learnt this. This man here is from Arabia and he achieved
this. This woman is from Brazil. This man is from Germany and I learnt
from him, her, and him and her, this and this. These are my mentors and
coaches who I stand on their shoulders to see further than I could ever see.”
When I say this, it is not to boast but I am saying it to myself, to be
grateful, to appreciate the wonders many left us.
This is then my attitude.
What use to be hard years ago now happens so eﬀortlessly. Whether it is
achieving goals, attracting women, attracting wealth, contacts and
wealth. I ﬁgured it out ﬁnally and now I do things with clear thoughts,
emotions, and I get a lot more done and I do it like it seems eﬀortlessly.
Man and woman think it is all about hard work and labouring away but
thoughts, when they are clear and still, a thought to achieve something
can be heard so loud it is like a mighty storm, a magnet that pulls you to
do what is necessary and you do it with joy and excitement.
But when you’re mind is ﬁlled with thoughts of injustice one has done to
others, guilt, shame, then nothing can help this person because their
ocean is not still, it is not silent, far too much noise and the unconscious
of this person doesn’t believe this person is ready for what they say they
want.
People these days do not realise their own behaviour to others impacts
their own minds and they are not grateful, unappreciative, take from
others, without giving respect to them to then wonder why they feel shit.
Why their self image is low.
One of the conditioning is lying, is pretending, is wearing a social mask
and therefore, how can one ever be honest with themselves to help
increase their self image if who they are to others is not true. They have a
line of people qued up they have mistreated, broken trust with and did
not take care of treating others as how they’d like to be treated.
Now they ask - why can’t they achieve their goals and even ﬁnish them.
Because you cannot seperate thoughts about yourself from how you
behave with others. These make your attitude.
You got to make amends.
You got to correct this behaviour.
You got to apologise sincerely. You got to do whatever it takes because
your own unconscious is looking from your eyes what you do.
It is why I try my utmost to be careful how I treat people because in
mistreating them, I do so to myself. That doesn’t mean I am a push over.
I make a stand but I also let go, forgive and move on. It is their loss and
they did damage to themselves more than they did to me.
I never ask from people knowing full well they will have to give their
time. I ensure, I got the money and pay them because I don’t want to

burden them, their families and hinder anything from their life.
This is how big my self image. This is how big my attitude and how
ethical and positive it is to the world I live in.
Is it any wonder, when I think of an idea I can with speed excute and
succeed? Is it any wonder how I can be open minded about everything
around me so I can come to an understanding of the world I live in with
humility, even when I got a cocky attitude, that most online might take
for granted and see it as me being arrogant?
And yet, abundance ﬂows ever so greately in my life and in the life of
others around me because of great men and women, who left knowledge
which I applied. To them I acknowledge and appreciate and grateful for
not giving up to share their knowledge.
3. Then there is Thoughts about the world in general perspective . This
is your outlook in life and how you treat the world and the people in it.
So how do you treat the world and people in it?
This is your frame, or reference and this become part of your thoughts,
inner core and this gets you to behave in a certain way.
So of course, we will have low self image.
Of course a person like that can use someone’s time, dissappear and not pay them
and not even bother to think they just fucked someone over. Of course someone
like that is going to be possessive and jelous.
Of course they will struggle to not realise their greater goals and dreams and
make them become a reality.
They can work in a job.
They can get a degree.
They can easily and with some hard work get it sorted but to improve beyond
medicore, to take on new ideas is a very diﬀerent matter altogether.
Especially when one’s identity is saying something totally diﬀerent and making
the person feel limited, lacking, small, close minded, does things that goes
against what self image is.
You see, self image is how a person sees themselves in their own eyes and this
determines what they get out of life. If their emotions and mental images of
themselves is reminding them…
“Hey, remember the time you said to someone you’ll be there but you didn’t and lied
to them about why?”
“Remember the time you gave your word and didn’t keep it?”
“Remember?”
Then these are in their unconsciousness and these are now telling the person
who they really are. The image a person holds of themselves is the captain of the
ship, the vessel, your own human form body, heart and mind.
You can’t lie to it. This becomes our identity.
When the captian has high self image, the whole ship and his crew trust that
man. So much so, when the storm comes, they instantly follow the line of
command to change the sails and ride the storm to achieve the goal.

What if the self image is small?
If your self image is small, if it is limited concept about yourself, if it is based on
taking and not giving, if it is about lying, cheating others, if it is about fear,
ignorance, hatred, doubt, and insecurities; then all experiences will be ﬁltered
through….these….negative emotions.
Then you wll behave in a manner that will burn bridges and in burning them, you
create more turbulence in your own unconsciousness. You create and put more
impressions of thoughts that are negative about you.
A person can upload all sorts of so called superiﬁcial status photos but in the end,
these only get likes, shares and do not better the person’s life. It doesn’t increase
their self image because self image is deeper than this.
It is based on authenticity and you can fake it but in the end, it will catch up with
you. Even beautiful, extremely attractive women will see through such a person
and will not want to be with such a person.
The attraction will dissappear so fast even when there was any because the
behaviour of the guy is not congruent to who he really is.
Congruency is one of the major pillars why most guys fail in things like dating.
They are not true to who they saw they are.
They have perceived value but absolute value is empty.
Non existent.
On the other hand…
If your self image is based on building trust with others, honouring your word,
knowledge, courage, honesty, love, respect for other people and their time and
expertise, respect, faith in one self and human beings, conﬁdence; then your life
experiences will ﬁltered towards these very emotions and you will behave in a
way that will astound not only you but those around you.
This then is becomes more than behaviour.
It becomes part of your identity. It becomes who you are.
I ﬁgured it out early on.
We don’t attract what we want in life.
We attract who we are.
That part in people, the goodness in them, the positive attracts the help, the
knowledge but then they go and fuck it up by behaving in a manner that totally
screws it up and not for anyone more than themselves.
So we can get good coming to us but deep down the small is bigger and darker. So
we behave in a manner that destroys the good that came to us.
We lie to it. We burden it with excuses.
We manipulate and by own hand we lose what we hoped to have like trust can be
easily ﬁxed….but it can’t.
We become jealous and possessive.
There is no man and woman on earth who doesn’t understand what I am saying,
that hasn’t achieved amazing success in life.
They probably could say it more eloquently.

For example, how can a dishonest man ever be honest with himself if he cannot
be honest to others?
Imagine, this…
The law of Thoughts are at play here.
“For as a man think in their hearts so are they.”
When you look in the mirror, what do you see?
You’re heart is the true centre of feelings and emotions. There lies a universe in
which everything comes from.
It reveals how you feel about yourself.
Do you believe you’re honest?
Do you believe you’re trust worthy?
Do you believe you have character?
Can someone trust you with their assets?
Do you see good in people?
Do you feel empathy for them?
Do you strive to give more than what you have been given?
If you are feeling small, if you are feeling you cannot open to new ideas, if you feel
that you are conditioned, you don’t need to look elsewhere for the answer.
Look in the mirror.
Seriously, look!
There is your answer.
I started by being honest with myself and with everyone else.
I made sure ﬁrst, to check my thoughts, my attitude on how I see myself and the
world. I then made sure to never break the trust of anyone and try my best to
come from a place of abundance rather than survival, anger, hatred, stealing,
lying, breaking trust, and pretending to others.
It’s not easy but I forged a boy into a man with my own hands and from the
knowledge of great men and women, who came before me.
Sadly, I cannot show my parents the man I have become.
The journey took longer than I thought it would.
I hope it doesn’t take that long for you but faster.
997 Views · View Upvoters

Why do people, close friends, & loved ones break your trust?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why do people break the trust? What did they get?

1. They lack self esteem. Have Shame.
On Facebook they are smiling and everyone is falling for their innocent
look but they really have low self esteem. They see their self worth as
very low and their worth is in dollars and what they can take from others
and not pay rather than give value. In the end, they will realise this is a
small world especially with social media and they’ll bite the dust.

Such folks don’t have clairty in life. No direction much of the time. Lack
character and integrity with themselves never mind someone else. They
are not to be trusted.
2. They lack morals.
They have crappy ethics and morals from upbringing, probably
abandonment issues, neglect as a child and brought up in an evironment
where they only learnt to take and nothing else but that.
3. They are selﬁsh.
Get them to pay ﬁrst. In fact, get everyone no matter who to pay ﬁrst
before you do any work for them. I don’t give a damn if they religious,
from my community, relatives etc. They pay ﬁrst before I do work for
them.
Give you hint. The moment someone asks for discount early on, talks
about trust, they are the ones to not trust. Don’t need their validation.
They must pay ﬁrst or go somewhere else if they don’t trust you. You
cannot convince them to trust so they can leave and do business
somewhere else. Listen carefully, because you will from experience know
and feel red ﬂags kicking oﬀ.
4. Some Are Narcissists/Social Psychopaths
They don’t care about anyone else but themselves. Ready to use those
around them and manipulate to their own ends and means. They have
egos as big as everest but really, deep down they have shame but
rationalise it with their own bullshit.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend broke up with me, but she still likes me. I like her,
but she doesn't want to be my girlfriend. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The process is..
1. Celebrate
2. Have a shower
3. Get some clothes on
4. Bang some cologne
5. Go out
6. Approach tons of women
7. Get laid
Focus on the present not on then past, to live for the future, or you will lose all.
She wants that emotional support.
Tell you all those lovely stories about the new guy she fucked a week ago. How
she had such a bad day so make her feel so good again.
You got time for that?
I sure haven’t. I leave that to someone else.
I got a future to build, places to see, women to date and fuck, and a helluva an
exciting life to live.
I hope you do too or you’ll have a woman who psychologically seduces you to
fuck your head up.

Who cares why.
The real question is this..
What do you want?
Repeat again and all guys who keep asking this question.
“What do I want?”
Now that’s power. That’s conﬁdence. That’s a guy who asks the right question.
What do you want?
You don’t want it?
Awesome, say “nah, not interested but hey, great knowing you and have an
awesome great life.”
But if you want to but for the right reasons and not for hope to get her back, then
say..
“Yeah sure but busy. I’ll let you know when I got time. Great to hear from you by the
way. Talk to you later.”
Now…what do you want?
Nail that question on the wall. Ok no nails as it’s the landlord’s property :) but
remember, THINK about you ﬁrst not her.
What do you want?
Take it from there.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I just broke up with my Boyfriend of 4 years. Now I am ﬁnding
more and more lies. Should I call him and confront him one last
time?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will probably go like this if he’s like me
Ex - Adam, you didn’t tell me you liked tea
Me - And?
Ex - And you didn’t tell me blah blah
Me - And you think I fucking give a shit?
Ex - But why didn’t you tell me this and that before?
Me - (Brrrrrr. Phone down, blocked, peace at last)
In other words
Move on.
There is no such thing as closure.
320 Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys struggle with saying 'I love you' back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. From past experience and he found his ex fucking someone else in a
shed after she said, “I love you” two days ago. Now he’s careful to say it or
doesn’t believe that easy when his existing girlfriend says it

2. Maybe because they know, women say shit for response, validation and
when a guy says it, they start hearing wedding bells and he don’t want
that shit too soon
3. Or they know if they said it the word “commitment” starts blazing in the
girl’s head and suddenly behaves diﬀerent, like she’s going to move into
his ﬂat and want a ring, and children, and mortgage, and on it goes
4. Probably, he shows his “I love you” with action and that’s his love
language
5. Maybe he has been socially conditioned like most men to believe men
don’t cry, and to say lovey soppy stuﬀ is not manly
6. Maybe he’s a Narcissts and so he will only say it to manipulate and get
his way
7. Maybe he doesn’t know how to show his emotions
8. Maybe a lot of reasons
It’s like..
“why do girls need to hear that and avoid seeing all the actions a guy has done?”
We need to visit the Wizard, the Wizard of Oz to ﬁnd out because every guy is
diﬀerent.
6 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my girlfriend make me tie her shoes?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she’s not ill, has problem with major arthritis..
Then probably it’s because..
1. You let her tell you what to do
2. She knew you was that nice guy push over
3. So she knew she got it made to get you to these things and anything else
4. She psychologically seduced you by testing your frame from day one
5. And moment she saw she can get one thing which a conﬁdent man will
laugh and tell her to get oﬀ her ass and do it herself - she knew she can
ask for more absurb fucking things
6. Because you got her pussy on a pedestal
7. Because you probably was brought up by mummy and taught women are
fragile, princess and you suppose to be a knight in shining submissive
armour and you didn’t have a man to teach how to be one
8. Because you fear losing her and so you now do it
9. Because you are timid and submissive
10. Because you lack self worth and low self esteem
11. And you won’t even squeak but ask everyone on here “Why Oh Why.”
But if she is ill, seriously ill, had major problems with her back and ﬁngers, then
from me, hat oﬀ to you,.
You’re a man who earns my respect.
But if it’s the other way round, well, probably it turns you on to be submissive to a
woman.

Totally opposite to what I’m like.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way you've moved on from rejection?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way I do things will be diﬀerent but this helped me to move on very fast.
Understand that when you date someone in early stages it’s not exclusive and
they’ll still be deciding and looking too.
1. I make sure I got options. That means, I’ll still be looking and dating
others.
2. Then, the one who behaves in a manner that shows interest, emotional
investment, not playing hard to get, being dubious, I focus more on this
girl.
3. When I ﬁnd the one girl who I am not intimate with, which includes
seeing each other more, being intimate, sexually too, we are going out
together then I let go of others and focus on her.
So I don’t at early stages think this person is the one.
Also, I am not monogamous but even when I was years ago, this is how I did it
and I ensured all knew that I am still looking and haven’t yet found the person, so
maybe it be them but I won’t be sure until we date etc. After all, that’s how it
works and I’m not lying. If they are mature they’d see sense in this.
If not, then we’re not really going to meet again, ﬁne.
Found it very eﬀective for me when one dissappears, I have others I am dating
and seeing.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

Why do more Arab men seem to like White women than Black
women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. News on TV is white woman presentor even if she is Arab.
2. Billboards of women with light skinned
3. Many commericals are same
4. Movies from west with white women
5. Music with light skinned women and western white women
6. Lots and lots of social conditioning which projects millions of images of
western white women.
Now put this together with a young Arab boy growing up to see all this, with his
hero actor with a white or light skinned woman, with blonde hair and blue or
green eyes. Then magazine covers with same imagines.
Then fashion advertisement with similar images.
Are you then surprised why we are more going for white women?
I’m not and I’m Arab, who lived through this process.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I convince my crush that I am not gay?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t convince anyone.
When they say anything that looks like a rejection then you move on, and you do
what I do. I date someone else and lo and behold, the girl sees me walking with
attractive women, kissing and all that.
Guess what happens?
Now my value has increased by ten folds.
I am going to use a word often - Pre-selection.
I’ll explain this later but let me show you how it works.
It’s weird and it’s how human beings a wired. No matter what any man and
woman tries to sell you the usual bullshit - people don’t believe what you say but
believe much more what you do.
The amount of time people talk about manipulation and yet manipulate their
own children to believe in santa clause, in tooth fairy and Halloween, and many
other things and then tell me it’s manipulation.
Manipulation is when you only think about yourself and not the other person
needs. I then know the needs of woman and so desire is in the woman, desire is in
the company I apply to, the desire is in the clients I attract.
I just use the universal law corporates use, government uses, organisations uses
that everyone pays but you don’t see them bitching about themselves being
manipulated.
So I use science in practically anything.
It’s facts.
It goes with human nature.
It gets me what I want without the need to be pushed around by some women
and people who like to fuck with my time and life.
Let me give you examples in dating, in business and inﬂuencing even to get a
job,.
1. Dating - A few women gave me the usual stuﬀ about being busy, about
not ready for a relationship. This was way back when I didn’t have
options. About 15 years ago or bit more, give and take. The moment they
saw me dancing with a very attractive salsa dancer, in a night club that
turned men’s head and women, and we were kissing in corner
afterwards, is the moment preselection kicked oﬀ. Now these very
women got interested but I lost interest because this was the curve in
which I knew I can do better and I didn’t need to bother with such
women who can’t say YES faster.
2. Dating 0 On Christmas last year year I met a tall red head, with creamy
white skin, delicious tight ass and tits and all natural. I was ﬂirting with
her and she took it on herself to be rude and so I walked away, and as she
turned round she saw me making out with someone else. A model,
someone she knew who she admired. I walked out with model, we made
out outside, came back in and the red head was not hot on the heels
giving me all the attention but brushed her oﬀ to date the model.
Preselection.

3. Business - A client wanted some knowledge but wouldn’t go any further
but what happened next is he learn from a friend, who got my
knowledge, expertise, time on skype session and his life changed for
better. He saw his success and so this client came to be a year later, ready
to pay but now, he had to pay three times as much because my value
skyrocketed. He paid. No arguments. Pre-selection.
4. Job - There was a job going at the college. I had no qualiﬁcations for the
job the way all the guys and women who were lined up for the interview.
However, I got the job in the end. How?
I knew who was going to be on the interview and got to know them way
in advance and shared what can happen, the results but also, I gave them
direction of people they know, I have worked with, to which they
enquired and got blown away by the projects I did in the city that is
targeted to the work they do in college. So I got the job while those with
degrees and probably loans up to their eyeballs didn’t. Pre-selection.
So what is Pre-selection.
It is one of the most powerful elements in attraction.
In dating, when women see you being pursued by women, not just any woman,
but women more attractive and have more social value than them, they wonder
what value you must have for women like these to desire you.
Now they want to know.
I use this in night clubs and in every part of my life but there are fundamentals,
psychology, science to be understood and work to be done before you even try
doing this because if you do it without such knowledge, it won’t be eﬀective for
you.
In jobs, if a company sees you are being chased by other companies, and see why,
they now want to know.
I never used a CV to get a job. It was always used for protocol, human resources
data information for their system. I used Pre-selection to get the jobs.
The same it is with banks.
If you want to get money from them or buy a car that costs a lot of money, you
need to show proof. Track record.
All you’re talk means nothing.
They will check and they will see.
Pre-selection is then a non-verbal status not something you say. It is seen and not
something you tell some girl or guy, or company.
You just direct them to it or you perform like a high value man and they see it
right before their eyes. The proof is then in the pudding.
Therefore, if you try to convince someone, verbally, it probably backﬁre.
But if the customer sees, gathers info, evidence than you got what they need and
can deliver, you don’t need to convince but market in a way that information is
easily accessible to them.
So don’t convince verbally.
Perform.
Do the ground work.

Approach someone else and what you will ﬁnd is you will create options as I did,
to never, ever wait on anyone.
I even laugh to myself when woman give me some rejection. It’s no problem
because I have options. I’ve already moved on fast.
You need to do the same and have that mindset not just with dating but life in
general. You will still make mistakes, we are all human beings but these mistakes
bring wisdom, makes you tougher and most of all, gets you to understand that if
you don’t value yourself, no one else will.
The day someone gives a damn is the day you show visually..
“What’s in it for them to be interested in you”
That’s what you got to build and you do it by your behaviour. That is your real
status and so, if you try to convince someone you’re interested in, then what do
you think their survival mind is saying?
The same thing the mind of a women who send me messages and who I ignore
because moment I reply, they think they got me, and they are so important when
they are not so to me because they havent yet behaved in a manner for me to feel
they are anyway.
Plus they always bore me with small fucking talk and I’m not interested
interested. They know I’m a “player” so forget bothering with small talk.
The mind of the person you are trying to convince will get this person to believe
the following medicore bullshit in their head:
“OOoh, I he/she needs me more than I need him/her.”
See how it is with human nature?
They don’t think about anything else but their ego.
The person will think of you in that way because you’re there, working hard,
cionvincing this person.
So don’t convince verbally.
Go and live, approach others, date others and you will ﬁnd what I did later on.
“what the fuck did I see in that person anyway?”
Have you noticed you fell for someone in school and thought they were
gorgeous,m and 10 years later you see them and think..
“Huh? What the hell did I see in this person anyway?”
Move on, focus on the priorities and get your shit in order. Don’t verbally
convince but let your real value attract the person OR not, because why you want
to even be dating anyone who isn’t interested and gives bullshit excuses anyway?
753 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Khaled Gamed

How much does getting into a relationship elevate a girl's
status in the social circles?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it can and depends on who the person is but..
1. It works in high school
2. Probably in college
3. Yes maybe in university

4. Job wise
5. Business wise
6. Social media too
But when you step out in the real, oh man, you will be invisible because where
you was is a pond. A tiny, little, puddle.
Now you’re in a big massive ocean and lots of players who are better player than
yourself when it comes to these bullshit, manipulative games.
Oh wait. Is that Amber? Yes it is and she knows all the famous people?
Be right back. I got to have a talk with her ;)
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you were told you had to commit one crime what would it be?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would…
1. Kidnap all the Techno, RNB, Hip Hop, Punk, Heavy Metal and Rock
lovers
2. Then lock them in room to listen to this..for a whole day, blasting
through large speakers and laugh myself to sleep:

:)
707 Views · View Upvoters

Why am I worried to become intimate with my boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Talk.
You’re bottling it all in and he won’t know what’s up.
But if you talk you’ll be very relieved, it feels like you let go of a huge mountain on
your shoulders. So have a talk with him and say how you feel.
Let him know how he can help you if you know and if you don’t, don’t worry
about it. Just take your time but don’t whatever you do, block him out. You need
to talk with him, communicate with him, be open and let him know the reason.
That it’s your ﬁrst time, you feel nervous, you feel not ready or whatever. That
way he knows it’s not about you not being into him but rather, it’s a comfort stage
issue.

Communication is very important.
It clears the air.
It brings lovers closer to each other.
It opens the other person to see your world, your life and where you are coming
from.
It prevents and avoids any other assumptions.
Don’t let him ﬁll the gaps.
You ﬁll the gap by letting him know what’s up and it be ok.
You just need to talk with him. Go out for a walk and talk. Or somewhere private,
and talk with each other. Let him know how you feel.
1k Views · View Upvoters

She's ignoring me after one ﬁne day. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got to be kidding me.
Please don’t tell me you have texted her for 3 months, chatted almost whole day,
and you haven’t yet met, nor dated, nor met face-to -face, for her to be
emotionally or physically invested.
If you haven’t then you’re done.
You have missed the escalation window.
You had 3 months to ask her out.
Who on earth texting, and chatting for 3 month and a whole day except someone
who is either a teenager, or desperately needy and doesn’t know the process of
dating.
You needed to invest less by leading to the date.
Texting is only a tool and you don’t use it for conversation but building attraction
to lead to the phone and to lead to face to face meeting for the date.
So if you didn’t do that, I’m not surprised because this is a rookie mistake.
1. First show intent.
2. Build attraction on text
3. Lead to phone
4. From phone to date
This takes me either two days or if logistic obstacles, a week.
Never 3 months.
Edit - I do long distance relationship but when it’s local, you won’t see me texting
for months. For local dating I need answers, physical and that helps when I have
long distance relationships too.
It makes it easier for me and my lover who is long distance because I don’t bitch
about why they don’t text and message etc. It’s ﬁne. It’s life and we’re all busy wit
it but local I move much faster to move things along.
So with this girl..

1. She got bored.
2. She waited for you to ask her out
3. You haven’t
4. Someone else probably is now chatting to her
And if he is experienced she will meet him and date him.
11.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get a player to like me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very, very diﬃcult.
If you have been playing hard to get, not showing interest and didn’t open up
with him or her, sexually and emotionally, it be diﬃcult. If the person noticed
drama then another thing we don’t like.
We avoid melodramatic drama queens like the plague.
We move on very fast.
We have options.
We don’t need the headache.
Best and easiest if you just move along to many who stare at you but don’t make a
move. At least they be so passive, put you on a pedestal and chase you and beg,
and do things for you and even date you.
But a player, if you mess with such folks, you blew it.
The only time you can do is escalate so high, and I mean, sexually, physical but
even then, the individual will think you’re trying to trick, pull away when he/she
does appear to take action.
Not easy to do when such a person has many choices and options.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you date a girl who doesn't drink?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t drink. I am stone cold sober all the damn time. I have no problems with
dating women who don’t drink either. In fact, all my girlfriends do not drink.
They come from families who do and they are not into it.
No, everyone doesn’t need alchohol to get looser. I drink water and it’s good for
me or some juice but it has sugar, so water for me is good.
I don’t need it and any stimulants to get looser, relax and be myself. Instead I
invested in myself and I attract women of the same.
1. You can go dancing without drinking alchohol.
2. I am not apoloegtic about not drinking alcohol. I am proud of who I am.
3. You can go go for walks
4. You can do other activities
5. You can check out some unsual places, arts, galleries
6. You can walk into a sex shop which I do with my girlfriends and buy sex
toys or check which ones to buy in future :)

7. You can go for a drink of coﬀee or tea at the cafe and discuss who has
great ass, tits and she does same on guys. Yes, I do that with girlfriends I
date and we have a lot of fun and no one knows ;)
8. We can do a hundreds of diﬀerent things that don’t need alcohol.
I never needed a drink to approach a woman, attract a woman, and have amazing
sex with me.
If you think you do, you haven’t much experience and knowledge about women.
I am always stone cold sober but I am a great to be with, kick ass personality and
woman can be pissing herself laughing and turned on, at the same time and she
didn’t take one sip of alchohol.
Don’t do what most guys do.
Compensate for a small dick by buying a ﬂashy car on ﬁnance.
Invest in knowledge, social skills and practice a lot by approaching a lot. Push
yourself out of the comfort zone.
;)
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend says he has a bond with his ex, should I worry?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let him go.
Look, in all honesty, I doubt he’s playing any game but is emotionally connected
with his ex because he has lack of experience in dating many women. He’s
attached to her due to past emotional investment.
You don’t want to be with someone who says that to you.
Date someone with less baggage and who is mature. You are probably dating
some young guy or a guy older but who isn’t mature, has low self esteem, lacks
purpose in life, and has got life upside down, he doesn’t know his head from his
ass.
You really don’t want to hear someone you’re into saying that to you.
Can you imagine walking about with a guy who just said that to you and you sleep
with him, knowing he said he is emotionally attached to his ex, he has a bond
with her?
Let him go because if opportunity arises, and he meets his ex or something
happens like a connection between them - something is going to happen.
I don’t believe when people say this something to not worry about.
It’s not about worry but really, do you want to be with someone, invest more time
with someone, who says that to you?
You’re choice.
But me, if a woman has the audacity and immaturity to say that to me, and thinks
it’s not going to aﬀect our relationship, she got no clue who she is dating.
It be over and I’d move on.
But hey, it’s your choice.
I really do feel for you. It’s not nice when someone you’re into says that. It is a
horrible feeling and you feel like in a limbo.

Wondering to let go or not.
But here’s my take.
If you’re confused then don’t you agree, deep inside of yourself that cracks are
now already showing and damage is done.
That your faith, belief in the relationship with him is crumbling.
That you cannot really trust this guy because for all you know, his mind is
somewhere else, while with you.
The cracks are beginning to show and I think you can feel that too.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Can a man be taught to be a good boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m what you call a player, a bad boy labelled by society.
If a woman tried to teach me how to be a good boyfriend I would tell her to go and
fuck herself and ﬁnd someone else.
That’s the thing I discovered with so many women and I am saying women not
due to generalising but because I am into women. Men do this too.
They behave like parents.
What is good for one person is bad for someone else. Society has been socially
conditiong to believe what is good and what is bad, what is beautiful and what
isn’t, and on and on it goes.
People try to change the bad boy, the player.
They bloody know already I am a lover type.
They know by my behaviour.
They see it all in how I dress, how I walk, talk, behave and I even explicitly,
blatantly say what I want and desire instead of doing what most chumps do,
pretend to be friends or hide their desires from the girls they like.
I don’t because I want to avoid girls who are not into guys like me like the damn
plague. I want such girls far, far away from me.
I say it, “I’m not looking for a relationship but sex, great, I am in.”
Because relationship isn’t something you get. It is about connection. You can’t go
and force it and frame it, manipulate it like most women and guys do.
Guys play for sex.
Girls play for relationship.
Then say they don’t play ;)
No matter how hard I try, I ﬁnd some women just can’t help themselves trying to
ﬁx someone who isn’t broken, trying to change him to be like her fucking father,
trying to make him like what’s in her mind.
In the end, I get bored of thats shit, dump her ass and go my way because I got
options. I don’t pine over it, cry over it but move on to someone else.
So forget trying to change someone, ﬁx someone.
It is far easier to date someone you’re compatible with.

So like this..
Me - Guy society labels as a player, horny bastard, loves sex, loves women,
freedom, not into shy girls, non-experience or insecure girls.
Girl - shy girl, wants a relationship and frames it as one immediately, isn’t high
sexual, got lots of insecuritues, no experience, follows social norms, traditions
and worried about being labelled by society as slut, whore and too easy.
She is not compatible for me and I will know instantly when I approach.
What do I do?
Manipulate her?
That’s so damn easy but I can’t be assed with it.
I desire women similar in nature, in mindset, in attitude because I don’t just want
sex, but someone to talk with, travel the world with, do things together that we
are so having fun, and connection with each other is amazing.
That we can’t get our hands oﬀ each other.
I like that to be natural not me manipulating her.
Yes, you can. It’s not so hard. Girls, women are so predictable.
But I won’t do it.
I like her to make her own choice and decisions to embrace who I am and what I
am about naturally, sincerely and she loves that type of guy.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I leave my girlfriend because I do not see her as pretty as
other women? I am very judgmental about her looks. But we are
perfect together. She is my best friend. If I did break up with
her, it would only be because of her looks.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction is very important and it’s best you be honest with yourself about it
than be on some morality trip.
Love is not enough.
Never will be enough.
And if she felt the same, believe, she won’t think twice for dumping you for
someone else who can make her pussy wet, her ass tingle, her nipples erected by
just looking at him.
Yes, when infatuation is gone, the real deal sinks in.
That is why I don’t fall for the social norm, traditions bullshit. I have to be honest
with myself and that way I don’t lead someone on. I try to minimize hurting
anyone. I hate hurting people. It’s not me.
So I am honest to the core what I desire.
The ﬁrst and foremost..
1. I desire she turns me fucking on. She has to be visually attraction. I love a
woman who looks after herself, her body, has great juicy ass and tits.
“OBJECTIFYING ARE YOU ADAM?”
I don’t give fuck. Women and men do enough of that shit on Facebook,

Instagram and on here when questions like “so show us your
photographs if you’re pretty, oooh so pretty, yes so pretty!” :)
So ﬁrst I know what I want and I don’t compromise what I want nor be
apologetic about it. I’m dating the women not anyone else dating for me.
I’m living my life and no one lives it for me. I got my own desire, my
needs and I am going to be honest about them.
2. Then when I got this sorted out, time to ﬁnd out if she has personality,
she don’t take life seriously, she loves sex, she’s a horny as hell like me,
she loves beautiful things like clothes, art, music, dancing, night life,
hitting the gym, knows I need lots of time alone for my own work,
traveling seeing the world cause I be travelling seeing the world and she
be with me, and we might even get another woman and so we have a
threesome.
“OMG! Adam. You’re such a player!”
Probably but while guys play for sex, girls play for reationship. And what
do I care who labels me what?
Doesn’t stop me living it up and getting what I want.
Now, you may need to approach more women as some are like some
guys. Thick as a plank. Insecure. Up their asses with worry about being
judged for their sexuality and just you know, insecure!
But you will ﬁnd someone or more if you are proactive.
It doesn’t happen like Disney and you don’t need to save a damsel in
distress. Leave her to the wolves. She can beat the hell out of them if you
let her. So don’t fall for sleeping beauty, Cinderella and Beauty and the
Beast stories. Nor be a Therapist and she is a patient.
Social conditioning can make you believe you need to impress and save
someone. You don’t. Anyone needs saving needs to go and check a
therapist and you go and be with girls who are less insecure and
conﬁdent to be with a person who is conﬁdent, knows what he wants and
horny.
3. Now when that’s sorted, walla! I got myself compatibility. Done! And
straight middle ﬁnger is always up if society thinks it’s brave enough to
say squat about how I live my life. Believe, society will tell you all kinds
of bullshit to make you feel guilty.
So don’t mind them and don’t lead the girl on.
Let her go and date someone that you’re compatible with in look and in other
aspects I mentioned which we call absolute value.
You can have both!
Perceived value and Absolute value.
Don’t mind the people. Go for it because if the shoe was on someone else’s foot,
she’d do the same. At least you don’t lead her on and be done with.
Love is not enough.
Just know, beauty from outside will go but hey, nothing last forever anyway. So
don’t feel guilty about what you want.

Society loves doing that shit so don’t mind them.
Just do what is best for you and do it in the right way. No leading on.
11.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do you want in life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From life?
Nothing.
1. I am creating what I want. Life has no fucking choice.
2. I am turning my ideas into money. Life can bitch about it.
3. I am building my social capital. Life can just be a spectator.
4. I am attracting sexy women and have lots of sex. Middle ﬁnger to life.
5. I am taking charge of my life not life taking charge of me.
I don’t want anything from life. It’s going to yeild as my hands on it’s horns and
I’m dragging the bitch to wherever I want to go.
And it’s working real good.
953 Views · View Upvoters

How do I manage a girl who compares me with her past
boyfriends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t manage her.
1. I tell her I am not like any of the ex’s who will sit here listening to her
bullshit about them. Then I tell her to not tell me shit about them. I’m
not interested in hearing that crap and comparisons.
2. If she still thinks she can psychologically seduce me to be passive and
timid, by doing it again, it be over so fast, she won’t know the diﬀerence
between her head or her ass. I’d be gone, done and dating someone else.
I don’t handle immature women.
Can’t stand them for not knowing the basics regarding relationships, trust and
talking shit like that.
She can go and do that to some chump who has her pussy on a pedestal but not
with me. So follow these steps.
1. Say to her how it makes you feel and that she doesn’t say shit like that to
you anymore. You’re not interested in hearing it.
2. If she continues., Dump her. Move on. You got no obligations to her.
3. Block her on phone, social media and seriously move on, and this time,
date girls who got their head screwed right and mature.
That’s not handling.
That’s you knowing you deserve much better.
670 Views · View Upvoters

When I asked about having an exclusive relationship, the girl I
am dating for two months says she does not know, do I still

have a chance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are doing what most people do.
Focusing on how to get a relationship rather than showing why to be in
relationship with you without talking about it.
I have never, asked a woman to be in relationship with me.
It happens naturally, gradually and it takes over many months not two months.
You are rushing things for her and second, you are probably passive and not good
at emotionally, sexually and physically arousing her.
So you are a guy probably for nothing more than emotional support, to talk to,
fun talk - while the other guys are for physical and sexual need.
Avoid doing what you have been doing because it is going to push her around.
Start being attractive by behaving attractive. Learn to arouse her, turn her on,
make her pussy wet, sex got to be amazing, make her feel so much desire for you,
she got to see you fucking everyday, desiring you, wanting you for her to then
take you to meet her friends, her relatives and when things like that happen, she
is saying..
“I’m taking this seriously with you. I want a relationship.”
You don’t get a relationship.
You make a connection. You build on it.
You create more attraction on top of it. You increase the ﬁre. You fuel it slowly to
such, when she sees you, her pussy is wet, her ass is pulsating, and she wants
both rip clothes oﬀ and she cannot help but to be with you more than anyone
else.
You are then focusing on the wrong things.
You’re also pushing for someone on a girl who is not ready for relationship.
You haven’t shown her any reason to because you are talking…talking…talking
instead of building attraction.
Stop talking about relationship with her and start building on attraction.
Correct your behaviour. It’s very needy and desperate.
Two month is nothing.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that high self-esteem is more important than looks for
attracting women?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Updated Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why not both?
I attract conﬁdent women, who have self-esteem and they are attractive. Nothing
wrong with attractive women and self esteem too. That’s how I like it. I need to be
sexually attracted to the woman ﬁrst (perceived value) and then we deal with the
absolute value as we converse and see if we’re compatible.
If someone isn’t attractive to me, they can all be conﬁdent they want, amazing
self esteem but I won’t be attracted to the woman.

But if I have an attractive woman and she isn’t conﬁdent, her attitude stinks, her
self esteem very low, it’s an emotional drain and just makes things very diﬃcult.
Life is diﬃcult enough to be dating and be in relationship with someone who just
goes on and on about what they are not, what they can’t achieve and the usual
negativity.
Self esteem is important but one needs to be honest in what they desire and you
can have both.
846 Views · View Upvoters

How can I keep going when I have no one to love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“My parents abandoned me”
You have abandonment issues because you seek so much validation, acceptance,
approval, looking for love.
You’re priorities are screwed up and life is passing you by when you need to focus
on your goals, on your talent, or skills, ambitions and career.
These won’t happen if you don’t sort yourself out.
Because right now, all you’re purpose is getting attention, getting love, fear of
being alone due to past experiences whether it is neglect, abandonment or abuse.
I don’t need someone to love me.
I don’t need friends.
I dont need anything to feel love.
I got it in me and so, for me, it isn’t about what I want to get. I bring value to the
table. I kick ass in life.
You won’t believe how I wish there was more time than 24 hours.
The stuﬀ I want to do. I got so much love mate, if I was single, I won’t even give a
shit. Being alone is not a curse. It’s a time of self development for me and a time
to focus on my work and it is the work, that vibe I put out there that attracts the
people to me.
Because of this attitude I have, I am dating multiple women, and I am attracting
them left, right and centre and I am not even trying that hard anymore. I have
people wanting to do business and ready to pay handsomely and on my terms.
I don’t need to prove a damn thing as it’s all out there now.
I even got brothers, relatives and women who are sick of the frustration of dating
and life, and who never listened to me asking me for help.
I even got friends from school many years ago ﬁnding me and calling me because
their friends have told them how they saw me making out with women and blow
jobs outside clubs, and sex in hotels, and they are like, “jeeesh, what the hell.”
Most of all, I got this and this is a beauty…
I sit and paint and I feel the power in me. I feel amazing. I can sketch, paint for
hours on end. I write my own books and trying to ﬁnish them. I just come from
spain and got a call..
“Universal wants to meet you. What the hell did you do man to get that?”
I can create and sell anything I make. It’s bloody brilliant! I know how to turn
mostly anything now into cash.

There is so much love everywhere I go because I carry it inside of me. Many
people to say thank you. Many talents to congratulate and so many I am inspired
by.
Only slight problem, is my mum is gone.
She past away. All I ever wanted to do is make her life and my dad’s life, and my
sisters life, and my brothers life, and all the line of my family in UK and in other
countries, including my friends….have an easier life.
Yes, this player got a mum and though I was seen even by her as a guy no one can
control and even stop women coming to him, she knew I’d make good.
I did but far too late for me to make her life a little more comfortable.
I don’t do it for getting love or for getting money, though I get a lot of love even
from strangers when they meet me, and money due to my work. I bring the
positive vibe but practical vibe, that solves problems.
World full of problems and it is my kingdom ﬁlled with treasures. I have come
from places lately ﬁlled with so much wealth, sexy gorgeous women and women
who are not insecure about sex. I mean beautiful, look like godesses and it is so
damn easy in these wealthy places as they are not hung about on most things
most people are.
Even when I never got along with relatives, I want to make their life easy.
But I can’t help my mum as she is gone.
However, I can help everyone around me but people who don’t fuck with my time
and talent. Yes, I got self love. I love myself ﬁrst. I got self respect. I got
boundaries amd so, any mess with my time and money is out of my life.
So now it’s like this…
The doors of abundance slammed wide open and it’s coming hard, fast and I’m
like..
“Yeah, well, of course.”
People around me running like headless chickens, excited, I am calm, as I knew
what in a sense would happen. Even my ex-girlfriends have suddenly taken
notice but I’m like..
“Not interested. Too busy fucking other women. Travelling the world and got better
things to do like moving forward all the time. Bye.”
This is what you get when you love yourself.
You create. You go and do your own thing. You give to the world. Go and look at
how many answers I’ve written and some are very detailed. I’m not saying to
boast but I’m showing you the gems of life I’ve learnt.
All around you are causes.
So ﬁnd your cause.
The one you are experienced in. The one that impacted your life. The one that
gets you real mad and the one you solve and that way, you can solve it for others
too.
If a person is always just thinking what he hasn’t got then this person never really
got out in the world and gave to other.
And if they gave, they only gave in a needy fashion.
They gave for a response.

They gave to get acknowledgement.
They gave for seeking attention.
They gave to impress.
I give for one reason.
It is…who I am.
I don’t need to try hard to do that. It’s in me. It’s my nature.
I am happy. I am conﬁdent in what I do. I feel awesome and I felt awesome before
I even dated women. Any woman no matter what she reads in my words got it
made when with me.
I know my value and women can’t say shit about this and that.
They either with me or out of my life.
Plenty of women on planet look for guys like myself who knows what he wants,
positive vibe, loves sex, loves hardcore fucking, loves having fun, travel the world,
see the beauties of buildings, paintings, arts, oceans that look like moving
watercolour painting as the sun burns in the sky, the salty fresh cool water
dancing on every crevice of your body, the cool breeze run through your hair like
a lovers ﬁngers showing aﬀection, like a thousand hands…a thousand ﬁngers, a
thousand hands caressing your wet naked body, as the sand tinkling and
soothing ever crevice of your curves.
I feel like the top of the world every day and no one is going to make me feel shit. I
decided this years ago. I’m going to give to the world and whether the world likes
it or not, I don’t care because I don’t aim for everyone.
Just people who feel the same way.
Someone will always want what I got.
How do I know?
I am here, on this planet. I exist. That’s how.
My bank balance is how.
My lifestyle is how.
My work and people calling everyday and emails is how. Funny how it is was so
hard way back and now, it’s like you touch anything and opportunities, money,
women just come at you.
That took a lot of love from within me. It didn’t come from asking love or looking
who to love. It is the natural law of the universe.
See the earth, the trees, nature itself.
It doesn’t say, “I don’t have anyone to love!”
It gives. It continues to give and it attracts people, businesses, women, men from
all around the world.
If I didn’t make money from what I do, I will keep doing it.
I don’t need to ﬁnd passion. Fuck passion. I do what I FEEL and what I FEEL is I
create, and by creating, sharing, I put so much love out there, no one can stop it.
Not even the corporations can stop it.
Now that doesn’t mean everyone will agree with my words, my work, my
cockiness, my ways of being a sexual guy, my approach. Some women will be
intimidated by. Some will be digusted by it.

But you know what?
I don’t care. I am making a stand for something I care about. I will continue until I
meet the grave.
I don’t write for them. I don’t want to work for them. I don’t want to associate
with them. I write for people who want it and lots want it to say..
“About time someone said what everyone thinks but afraid to say it and doing it in a
creative with writing, music, arts and the touch of digital. Political correctness is
dead. No more bullshit..”
You don’t focus on keep going.
You live! You learn to live a great life with or without woman.
You love yourself ﬁrst and when you do, you behave in a manner and this attracts.
You and I don’t attract what we want.
We attract who we are.
First follow these steps..
1. Get help. See a therapist
2. Go and help charities and plenty of them out there
3. Smile at people and don’t worry if they don’t smile back.
4. Say hi to the shop keeper and have a chat in a positive manner. Take
interest.
5. Let some businesses you walk by everyday, know they doing great job.
6. Tip more to the waiter/waitress who everyone sometimes takes for
granted.
7. Speak good of those around you and not to get anything but because
what you say is true, and no one is saying it to them.
8. Make people feel that they are doing something important. They are a
somebody. They are important and you thank them.
9. Give. You don’t need money to do that.
10. Write tons of answers sharing your experience but only do so, if this is
one thing you like doing. I do it as I see it as me giving love to world.
11. Invest in yourself. Read tons of books. Love yourself ﬁrst.
You don’t keep going.
You learn to live big with whatever means you got.
You do so by you keep giving to the right people because it is who you are.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Some girls called me ugly and now I feel like being single for the
rest of my life. how can I prove them wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know why they call you ugly?
Because they know you think their opinion matters. That means, they see you
passive-aggressive, a guy who is a push over, probably spent tons of time with
these types and made them THINK they can say shit like that to you.
Do yourself a favour.

When a girl/woman says that to you, you hear “ugly” but really, what she is saying
is..
“I see a guy I can fuck his head up so I can feel better about myself. Well, he’s got
no respect for himself anyway and he won’t bite me back.”
Or..
“I feel shit today so I am going to take it on you so I can feel better because I
KNOW I CAN.”
So if you put yourself in a position for one second, just one, for some girls, some
women to think they can talk shit to you, they will.
Let me give you an example of testing frame. Let’s say you’re dating a girl. She’s
jelous and possive type. It will go like this.
1. I don’t want you going out with these friends. I don’t like them.
You do it too. You listen to her due to fear of losing her. Now she knows
you have no self respect for yourself and got her up a pedestal. She can
control you but wait. She does more.
2. I don’t want you going out without me to night clubs.
So you do that too. See the pattern now?
3. Now she got you doing these things, or treated you shit on some small
things, she now tells you to do bigger things, and also belittles you, and
gets you to lose your social network.
4. Next she withholds sex and that is the ultimate one right there. Guys stay
around like they are obligated to and talk about love this and love that.
Meh. I can’t be assed with such nonsense. The dynamics have changed
and she will know I’m moving on.
When you do that she will say…
“Oh this isn’t working because blah blah blah..”
You did all that and she now says she doesn’t want the relationship.
This is so with people too. Some people have a terrible mindset and they feel
down, low self esteem and if some chump comes along they got themselves
someone they can make feel worse than them by psychologically seducing him to
be passive.
They’ll tell him he has no chance of this and that.
Fuck them! Move on. Learn to identify people of character. You don’t attract what
you want but who you are.
So what are you doing hanging around with such people who don’t give a fuck
about you and think they can talk like that to you?
Always have a strong frame.
Make it a message in how you behave, that no girl, woman, anyone tells you who
you are. You do that by your behaviour, have boundaries, don’t spend time with
girls and behave passive-aggressive.
Don’t spend lots of time with girls who are not emotionally invested in you i.e.
who are not your girlfriends. Get a life. Be busy building your purpose and be
busy building your own resources.
Or you will building someone else’s.
You can joke but…

Don’t even let a small thing get by because they are testing your frame, and
slowly but surely, they’ll think they can say anything to you, put you down,
psychologically seduce you to believe in their bullshit.
Not all but some who think they can talk to people to make them feel shit for their
own self esteem and yes, they do have shit self esteem when they say that to you,
will try it on with you.
Look around, travel the world as I do. Open your eyes.
There are guys who are not that good looking and dating attractive women. No,
they are not rich. They are not famous. They are just conﬁdent, have certainty
and know no one can tell them who they are.
Don’t seek validation.
You don’t need any girl, any woman telling you anything about your look.
You need to do some work with yourself to develop your own self image, self
esteem from the inside. Get a mentor or coach to guide you if you can or read
books. Read, invest in yourself, ﬁgure things out but don’t ever take that shit
seriously.
Or you will believe the lie they say to you.
Only you deﬁne your self worth not girls, not any woman, no one does but you.
Do no give permission for anyone to tell you who you are.
Do not be passive-aggressive about such things.
Stand up for yourself but most of all, behave in a manner of a guy who girls know
to better keep their mouth shut on such things.
976 Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to ensure clients pay on time?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t do work until they pay and that’s how I get clients to pay on time. Those
who don’t, and it doesn’t matter if they are in USA, India, UK or in Arab
countries, I have good strong connections, friends who are lawyers in these
countries. They have contacts with debt collectors agencies there.
So if someone let’s say in India, or any Arab countries and client thought they be
passive, not sending me money, thinking they can hide, well, they get a surprise.
I call with lawyers and deal is….they get the money and I get the satisfaction
these people don’t think they can fuck someone else over.
But to ensure you get paid, get clients to pay ﬁrst and if the trust isn’t there, build
that trust in some way, and attract only clients who got the money. Be ﬁrm in
your policy to not do work until you get paid.
Keep good records and all corresponce.
I get clients paying before I do the work. They book for skype session and trust is
there because I am known for my work, lots of content, lots of people reading my
work, other organisations referring to my knowledge.
You don’t need to attract people who don’t respect for your time and who promise
to pay later and don’t. So if you don’t want the headache, pay now is best option
but you need to build something so the trust is there,.
So learn from my past lessons and some future ones, as I got two more who didn’t
pay in past, and I’m calling lawyers in 3 days. Though money I lose, I get the

satisfaction, they learn a hard lesson soon enough.
You can’t trust people nowdays by verbal. Got to be sorted way ahead before you
do the work. Plan everything and get a system in order so you are not out of
pocket. Get clients to pay in advance. It can be done.
411 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when my online friend is not letting me leave
him?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I want to let go of someone online…
1. I don’t discuss about it like there is an option the way you do
2. I don’t make fucking excuses
3. I show I mean business
4. Like last week I….
A) Blocked her on every channel
B) Blocked from my phone
Sorted.
656 Views · View Upvoters

Should a woman quit a relationship to check its depth?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The last woman who did thought she’d test our relationship probably because her
friends said they do it too or read it in some stupid magazine.
I was surprised, as everything was going great but hey, I thought no problem.
Moving on. I got options. If she don’t want to be with me, nothing I can do.
One week later, after the break up she called and..
“Hello.” Says the voice on the other end of the land line.
Her - “Erm, hi. Whose this?”
“Actually, who are you?” Replied the voice back
Her - I’m his…ex-girlfriend.”
“I’m his girlfriend. ADAM! It’s your ex girlfriend!”
Me - Yes?
Her - That was fast? We only broke up a week ago
Me - Not fast at all. Usually takes a day. Got to go, got some amazing fucking to
do. Sorry you can’t join us.
Don’t test relationships.
You’ll might one day be with someone who does love you but isn’t going to pine
over you and bitch about it. Instead, they be already moving on and dating
someone else.
That’s what men of self respect and of value do.
That’s exactly what one ex-girlfriend found out.

For two years she tried to get me back but I wasn’t interested. She killed the vibe
and confused things when she did that. Never be the same again and so there was
no point for me to say yes.
What a way to fuck things up.
Testing relationships.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

My husband and I agreed to try to get sex outside of our
marriage. A man said he wouldn't sleep with me if I told my
husband. I did, & he was disappointed and said he would never
sleep with me again. Why? He knew I was married and not
cheating.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not going to go into the moral of things.
It’s really simple.
You can’t be trusted and he found out you can’t keep your mouth shut. Therfore,
you cannot be trusted ever, for anything else. Sex, relationship or anything else.
So he best not sleep with you again.
He said to you what the terms are.
I don’t care about why, what, justiﬁcation, husband asked and the old age...
“I didn’t plan it.”
You knew the condition and you knew the position you was in, and you didn’t
agree with your husband, to not share the name.
Therefore, you’re someone this guy cannot trust.
You cannot even manage your own logistics when they arise and mentioned his
name, and so, no point of sleeping with you again.
So forget all this..
“I didn’t plan it.”
That doesn’t matter to him.
It’s like women who say, “I was drunk, I didn’t plan sleeping with the guy.”
It doesn’t matter. The deed was done, whether one planned it or not.
Of course your husband is going to ask who it is.
So he sees it that you’re just not good at handling such situations. You could
suddenly do same again and say it to someone else. Plus, the tension is not there
where you be afraid to tell your husband or anyone else.
The moment you did that…it was over.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I like a guy who likes me too but he has a GF and they've been
together for 6 years. What should I do? Should I continue
talking with him or just be friends or not talk at all?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I know a woman has a boyfriend, and she and her man is not into poly, or
they don’t have an agreement to date and have sex with others - I am done. I don’t

invest time, emotions and resources.
I know when one does that they become emotionally invested.
So I nib that in the bud early on.
Dating is diﬃcult enough, people are diﬃcult enough and so is life. Why the fuck
am I going to make even more diﬃcult?
No thanks.
Move on and approach someone else.
9k Views · View Upvoters

How good is Platonic love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, can’t be assed with it.
Not my thing.
I’m more a guy who is physical and sexual, and so, I’m not into all that with
meeting face to face, love love love and no intimacy physically.
Might work for someone else but it doesn’t wash with me.
I’m not into this type of relationship, period and never will be.
I like truth and truth is shown in deeper intimacy and not just talk, holding
hands. It is not superior than physical intimacy. Anyone tries to make me believe
in that is either asexual or insecure, and doesn’t want to get hurt.
So I won’t be wasting my time, energy, emotions and resources with someone
who can’t give ALL. I won’t be compatible with the woman and she won’t be
compatible with me.
I don’t need to understand it.
I know what it is and I don’t need it.
840 Views · View Upvoters

If no one loves you, are you worthless?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Interesting question. I like it. Gets my brain going.
Right brain, get to work and let’s rock and roll.
Deﬁne worth?
Now ask yourself where did this deﬁntion came from?
I was sitting down and a teenager said…
“How come you wear a pink shirt because pink is for girls?”
Social conditioning has trained this boy to believe that is so. Pink before all the
conditioning was a colour for guys. Then it was marketed later on for girls, and
now girls and guys think the colour pink is for girls.
If I said to someone “show me blue if I said to paint the sky with one blue colour.”
99% of artist got it wrong.

They chose the blue they were socially conditioned with and because of this, they
lose a lot of potential for their painting because instead of studying from real life
they studied what social conditioning has shown them what the colour blue is.
Social conditioning is a process to train society to believe in a set of rules, social
norms, traditions and yes, they are socially constructed the way marriage is, the
way Jealousy is. The way many of what we believe is, like religion. So people will
follow what their peers follow and if they do not follow what masses follow, they
get punished and if they follow….they get rewarded.
We can see, self worth has been socially conditioned in society to become an
external thing. So if you have self worth then:
1. You got big income
2. Job
3. Lifestyle
4. Lots of gorgeous women pursuing
5. Lots of guys pursuing
6. What others say about you. Their opinions.
7. House
8. Mortgage
9. Credit cards
10. Degrees and other certiﬁcates
11. Lots of followers
12. Lots of votes
13. Lots of re-tweets
14. Lots of likes
15. Large social network
16. Who dates you
17. Your look/appearance
18. The stuﬀ you buy, brand expensive stuﬀ
19. The type of car
These are called objects or referral objects.
You self refer who you are and your belief regarding your self worth by attachijg
to these external objects.
Including someone loving you.
Now here is where it fucks you up…
If you base you’re self worth on these external objects, then how much are you
worth when you lose all these?
You will lose your outer beauty.
You you will lose your health easily these days. Even sitting on a chair
typing away, not stretching, not walking, not excercising can impact
your spine, your muscles, and even your…kidneys because you might eat
fast food, and mix it with sugar drinks. When inner organs get aﬀected
this also punishes your posture too. But also knots all over your body
happens and you think the pain on your back is due to that spot but it

can be due to your legs, a shoulder or even your internals getting
poisoned by your diet.
You will lose your job. How many have moved from one job to another.
Times have changed. Our parents worked in one job for 20 years but now,
most people today have to move from their city, out into a bigger city,
some even ﬂy to another country. You might think your job is secure but
think back when you thought that was so and you see no company these
days are safe. If it’s not your company it can be sold, it can downsize,
technology can take over your job and someone else who is far more
skilfulls will work with less pay. Now you’re out of a job….again,
impacting your lifestyle, income and a lot more you can imagine.
You will lose money. The real power is not how much you make but how
much you keep. That’s where most go wrong. Then there is bad
investment choices or good investment choices but something happens
like market gets hit. You’re wages might get cut. Once you were paid $50k
and now you get paid less. You’re renting, your paying out and in paying
out, you have nothing really. The house is not yours. The furniture
probably not yours. The only thing is yours is some items, clothes,
cutlery, books, your laptop and maybe a settee you got cheap.
You probably lose friends too as we all change our values, how we see
thing in life and friends also ﬂy away. Maybe a disagreement happens or
people just change to now have less friends or none at all.
You might ﬁnd yourself without a lover. The amount of time women and
men try to label a relationship, is beyond words. What the fuck for? Isn’t
it you want to be happy? Do you think just because someone said “you’re
my girlfriend” means you’re going to be together forever? Fantasy!
People change. People grow. People ﬁnd themselves not attracted to who
they were and ﬁnd themselves liking someone else. You cannot control
how someone else feels about you but you can focus on now, the present,
building on the attraction that exist than worrying and framing the
future. You don’t control the future. No one does. One person can
promise all they want to you or to make you feel better or to tell friends
“we are oﬃcial.” Yeah, how many times have you been there to ﬁnd they
fall for someone else?
People might say you are too fat, tall or ugly. You believe because you put
their optionion higher than yours. But let’s go further. The person who
THINKS they can say shit like that to you, I don’t give a fuck if it’s a
woman or man, is due you showing in behavuour they can do so. You
either a chump, a woman who put them on pedestal, behaving passive
and timid when they test your frame bit by bit.
When you spend lots of time with someone and they know you’re into
them, they know they can say shit to you and so they disrespect you by
psychologically seducing you to think their opinion is truth. You then
say you’re ugly. You then believe it but if you really lived, you will see bad
boys uglier than you dating very attractive girls and don’t say it’s because
they are bad boy.
No, it’s because they are conﬁdent, certain who they are and girls know
to not fuck with them and give them opinions of what they think they
look like. The bad boy don’t give a damn about her opinion and the girl
of self worth also don’t give a shit about how some guy is not attracted to
her. She’d attract someone else. You need to live, see the world, open
your eyes and you’ll see “ugly” dating women and attractive women, and
men. You won’t see it if you continue to believe in your own shit shoved
and vomited by people and society around you.

Imagine then, all you attached to that suppose to give you self worth is gone!
Now what?
It’s all gone. What you got now?
Nothing.
You now begin to do what so many do and they burn every fucking bridge that
they so wanted in their life because they behaved with fear. They believe they got
nothing if they do what is right.
Your behaviour becomes needy.
You’re behaviour with other people becomes unprofessional. You hire someone’s
expertise, you get it, don’t pay because you think if you let go now of that money,
that money is yourself worth.
Guess what happens now?
You’re brain can feel your lies. It knows you. It knows you cheated someone else.
It knows you fucked up. It knows you’re not much of a man or woman. It knows
your status is nothing but zero!
You cannot even keep your word. You have betrayed someone’s trust. You know
it’s wrong and it begins to eat you up because when you know this for real, you’re
self esteem goes way down.
Everything now, your goals, your plans, your ideas, is a lie. You cannot even do
the basic things except medicore, 9–5 job, because great goals, dreams, greater
purpose means you got to sort your shit out and be real.
You cannot live and achieve such a life by betraying.
Sure, you might make some but in the end, those around you are worse than you.
You cannot trust them either because you have attracted such friends, such
people because you don’t attract what you want. You attract who you are and who
you are is easily shown by your behaviour.
Now you determine your self worth by that momey which you didn’t pay. So if
you owe someone $5 dollars and you fuck about not paying it, and you used their
work, time, knowledge or product, in your mind…you are with FIVE DOLLARS!
Now determine the self worth by the trust you broke.
Now determine the level of your character which says what you’re self worth is.
What do you see?
What do you REALLY feel now?
That you are a complete shit hole, crap, useless fucker who cannot even do the
basic dencent thing and you think all these stuﬀ we have matters?
Go and get the house, car, big income and the hot attractive woman. You’re self
esteem will be low and you will fuck up in many things. You will work real hard to
keep all this to ﬁnd it slowly slipping through your ﬁngers.
Back to the question….
Are you worthless if no one loves you?
No. It is you who deﬁne how much you’re worth by your behaviour.
Can I trust you when money is involved?
Can I trust you when woman is involved?

Can I trust you when I am in need of your help and I paid for it?
Can I trust you when work needs to be done and you gave your word?
Can I trust you? Are you good for your word? Are you secure in yourself or you’re
someone I have to babysit and remind how to behave as a responsible adult.
Your behaviour is your self worth.
You being good for your word is self worth
That which comes from within you is self worth
Excuses mean nothing. They are just that. Excuses. A reﬂection of your level of
integrity and character. All of which comes from fear based because one is
attaching their self worth on nothing more but external objects.
So when you behave out of scarcity, fear, and become jealous, possessive,
thinking if someone loves someone else then you believe love and it’s resources
gets smaller when it is shared.
No. It doesn’t.
That person or yourself has love to give to everyone they meet if they consent
from both side, but giving someone love does not increase their value, and you
getting love doesn’t increase yours.
You’re self worth does not diminish, decrease because someone who loved you,
walks away and loves someone else.
Your self worth is based on your own actions.
Your own behaviour
Your own thinking.
You’re value is determined by you not anyone else.
Because everyone else sees perception.
Perceieved value!
Perceived value gets you laid.
It gets me lots of pussy, tits and ass but if I don’t have ABSOLUTE value, i.e. my
behaviour then with all the relationships will fuck up. Absolute value retains
relationships or retains them longer than the illusions of love.
If you got perceived value, you may attract someone or attract guidance.
But if you don’t have absolute value like character, integrity, purpose in life, and
you cheat, lie, fuck about with someone’s woman/man/money/time/talent/skill you’re going to burn a lot of bridges and so, you have deﬁned your self worth.
You think achieving goals is about technique?
Fuck that.
If a person cannot maintain focus on achieving a goal, is all about reading and
not applying then it is not technique they need but a wake up fucking call, to
realise they have low self worth due to their own way they treat themselves.
Since they behave this way with themselves, treat themselves like shit, do not
respect themselves then I promise you, such a person is not good for his word
when time comes to how they treat others including how they treat you.
Especially when it comes down to money, women and other things that gets them
to neglect integrity and focus on self gratiﬁcation.

They need self gratiﬁcation to feel good when they should feel good anyway
because they are doing the right thing.
It is part of who one is.
So the person is…
Untrustworthy!
Lack integrity.
Lack self respect.
They are not good for their word.
They make excuses for all kinds of things.
The bus is late. The car ran out of petrol. There was no internet connection isn’t
working, the cat died, the economy is shit and they make these excuses for weeks
on end to avoid taking action they have been trusted with.
You determine your value.
Now this is who you are by your own mind and actions.
And so, when someone says to me, their value is due to who loves them, or how
many love them, or they got this or haven’t got this - they are telling me that to be
a person of integrity, kind, to be compassionate, truthful, have integrity, honesty,
pay on time, be on time, keep their word - this changes whenever things don’t go
right for them.
They become people who blame others for their failures.
They become people who don’t give a shit about other people’s time, skill, talent,
expertise and feelings.
They become bitter and lack empathy.
When you realise that self worth does not come from what the mainstream and
society loves to tell you what it is - you begin to remove the shackles that held you
down. You detach from the illusions we have grown to believe.
You realise you deﬁne what is your worth by your behaviour.
Not what someone else or society says your worth is.
Now, look at your behaviour.
In fact, look in then mirror and you will see yourself worth. You will know how
many lies, people you cheated on, the lack of integrity and believe me, if you truly
want self worth….what you see will probably put you to shame.
But if you treated people right, if you don’t owe anyone anything, if you have
honoured your word, if you are true to the goals you set, if you have character,
and you are not wanting when measured by your own mirror….you’ll smile. You
will feel amazing.
You deﬁne your self worth by your thinking and how you behave.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Two old ladies approached me and asked me to buy them lunch
because they hadn't any money. They ordered more than they
should have (like ordering a medium instead of a small drink). I
feel conned. How do I know when I should and should not help?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Sep 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s your mindset?
When I give a beggar money, I am actually not giving him anything. Instead, it is
he or she is giving me more than they can imagine.
I am doing myself good.
I am saying, I believe I am a good man.
I believe I do care about the world and people in it.
I believe in the universal law that is bigger than any man and woman on this
planet.
I give because I got plenty to give and none of it will run out, because I can create
much more and that’s what I do.
So when I give, I feel good.
I don’t think about how the beggar is exploiting me, or lying. Instead, I let that go
and give because giving is not about you helping the other person.
It’s helping you to see there is hope, there is someone who cares, and you are
human even in a world full of bullshit.
Sure, he might be hiding some mansion or fast sports car.
But what do I care.
I give because it makes me feel good and who knows, maybe, one of my
generations gets stuck someone in the future Time Line of life - and this guy or
woman generation might be walking and bump into my futur generation.
Or even me, but in another Time line.
I might be hard up and so they help, give me something.
All because, way, way back, a guy once gave to their great great grandmother and
that story went from one generation to another.
We are all beggers.
On planet earth and Earth has given us more than we can imagine and we walk
on it like we fucking own it, like we is it.
It never asked why.
It never said “you got everything.”
It never said jack shit to us but it gives and continues to give and we continue to
take, and take and some of us, don’t give back to the earth either.
I give because I want to believe, I make a diﬀerence and if I don’t, at least I know I
did better than the fucking presidents and politicians. I don’t need some big
chain model saying I’m a Mayor or drive in a limo as I cut some red ribbon.
I give not because I get paid for doing so, but because I choose to do so while no
mainstream media is looking.
I am my own president wherever I am :)
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl rejects you, how do you ask for feedback?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t ask feed back from girls because rarely they want to tell you the truth.
Girls have two languages. The social and survival. You will only hear the social
language which is connected to them wanting to survive.
So the social is they’ll say it’s not you but that they are busy or they are not seeing
chemistry, whatever.
Really, it is about them not being attracted to you for a reason but they don’t want
to say that because the social mask they way, and they want to survive. They don’t
want to feel awkward, cause conﬂict and fear say it for real.
Think about it for a moment.
They have been socially conditioned to fear saying:
1. They do go for looks.
2. They do go for what is attractive to them
3. They do go for a guy who can give them the full sexual experience
They won’t say that because to do so makes them look like “bad girls.” Mummy
still whispering in their ears, on how bad girls go for looks, sex and not a nice guy
who treates them like a princess.
Their social mask says:
“He’s such a nice guy, gentleman but I don’t sense we can be in relationship
together.”
Their hidden language, the survival says..
“He doesn’t make my heart go boom boom. I am not physically attracted to him.
He doesn’t make me FEEL like we’d have a great sexual experience. I don’t think
my friends will think I made a choice. What would my friends say, relatives say,
the other girls who see me with this guy. I won’t look cool with him. My value
won’t be high with him. He doesn’t excite me…”
She isn’t going to say that to you.
So the best if you want to really move on faster, you need to know how to quickly
identify the girls who are interested from who are not. So you invest less in the
beginning,
Faster you learn to do that, faster you can move to approach others to attract a
girl who says yes.
Keep away from social circle because friends and it takes a long time and only
guys I know who do that, lack options. They approach in such a needy way and
they cannot get rid of then neediness because they know they got know options.
They know they lack resources.
Plus the fear in girls in that social enviroment is worse.
1. They are every so cautious on what other people they know says about
them.
2. Their close friends, co-workers are around them
3. The social mask is stronger in this enviroment
4. It will take much longer and you could be conversing with a woman and I
guarantee you, if you’re not good with social dynamics, her friends will
come to rescue he and not because of rescuing but because they are not
getting the attention.
5. Most of the girls there are either shy, reserved, just want attention and
emotional support to string you along with texts, long conversation and

all they look for is friends.
Even if you have 2 hours a day or 8 hours a week, you can approach women face
to face, and plan it logistically, it is in an area and time that’s busy to hammer it.
But then you got to learn mate the process, and unfortunately guys mess up
because there is a lot of bad advise.
Most of the advise and knowledge in mainstream is the feel good factor. It doesn’t
teach the psychology of girls. It doesn’t reveal the emotional process on why this
won’t work and why this will.
You get lots of people telling you there are no rules BUT you ﬁnd there are. It’s
like no one knows or no one wants you to know, or no one wants to just say the
fucking truth as how it is so you can learn it and succeed.
But in my experience, call them whatever you want, there are rules, there is a
process and if you mix one step with another, you’re screwed.
If you approach with comfort ﬁrst, you’re screwed.
If you approach with attraction ﬁrst but do not qualify the girl, you’re wasting
time. You’re screwed again.
If you ﬂirt too much and do not know how to transition to a conversation, you’re
screwed. If you don’t know how to ﬂirt, the type of ﬂirting, for a certain
environment and the type of conversation to do and not do, you’re screwed.
All the things I had to unravel through the years to now make it work for me and
for guys on my skype session which is only for people who got their life in order
and ﬁnancially strong to hire guys like myself.
One thing I can share as an example from a diﬀerent part of my life is this..
I come from a creative background. So women who I meet me and come to my
place, and world I am in, see lots of naked gorgeous as I draw them, paint them
for many of my hidden works I sell only to very wealth people. I don’t need online
much. I like the face to face interaction more.
But before I ever got good, I used to take my sketch books to conventions, to
friends and get feed back but I never get feed back that helped me.
That’s because these folks had probably some artist they knew and when they
gave feed back to such artists, the artist took it personally.
So I never got the feedback I need except in these follow steps.
1. I sketched a lot and my answers were in the sketch books. There, in the
work were my answers to how to get better at my work.
2. But I had a problem. I have blind spots like everyone else and so even if I
look hard enough, I will still have problems.
3. So I hired someone who I knew his work, knew his track record, and sat
down with him. He isn’t cheap. I stay away from cheap, youtube videos. I
want real face to face skype conversation as we went through my work.
4. INSTANTLY the man knew where I needed to improve. If I did this on my
own, it would have took me at least 5 years and maybe more. I cut
through that time to get answers now. That $2,500 for that day was worth
more than any degree can even give me. It helped me sell tons of
painting.
So you either going to go the easier way or hard way, but just note, if you’re trying
to get feedback from some people, you might ﬁnd you don’t ever improve. Except

when you got to fork out money, to someone who knows his stuﬀ, but you need to
be ready for hard cold truth.
You’ll learn of your blindspots faster and improve quicker.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why have I never had a relationship? (I'm a girl )
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can smoke or not smoke.
You can have make up or no make up. Degree. Job. Income. Have a nice
personality. These are facts, ﬁgures, details and these do not get a guys attention.
Here’s what it’s about….
Are you approachable?
For any relationship to happen there has to be a start. So if someone is
unapproachable, doesn’t do anything but thinks being kind, fun with only your
friend, well, your friends going to say what you like to hear.
But if they knew or if they said what really matters, it be:
1. Smile at the guy you like
2. Flirt. Get his attention
3. Draw him and hit him with your personality
4. Ask him some questions to know him
5. If he has balls and is attracted to you, he’ll ask you on a date
6. If he doesn’t - suggest something to him and see what he says
7. Be fun, light hearted and don’t be needy for a relationship. You don’t
know him yet.
8. Date, get to know each other, be intimate and yes, sexually too in time,
do things together in life.
Because you don’t get a relationship.
Nor do you plan it and frame it like some game.
You make a connection and build trust ﬁrst.
Like business with me..
Some become people who just read on my answers on Quora. That’s ﬁne but don’t
expect my private time, thinking I will take time away from my life, my family,
the multiple women I date, the travelling around the world, the fun I am having
due to life I have built, meeting producers, artists, entrepreneurs etc.
Plus, the dreams, goals I am working on.
Then there are those who pay for my time for an hour.
Then there are those who pay much more for more hours.
Then there are those pay more for deeper knowledge, more time, resources and
tools.
Then there are those who pay me a helluva lot more to guide, coach from the
ground up - goals, lifestyle, career, market, development of concepts and right
through to dating and relationship, as a package.

And so on.
The number one reason people pay is not just pay because I dared to know what
most didn’t, got the experience, invested and did than most did, but also, this
teaches the person a real life lesson.
Respect your time, your life, your talent, love yourself, value your experience
because no one else will until you do. Value your time and have boundaries in
your life because if you don’t, no one else will, no matter how genuine they are in
saying they like to learn from you.
You determine what your self worth is.
It teaches those who hire me from day one, action speaks louder.
And if someone hasn’t got the money to do so, then they shouldn’t be thinking
about girls but sorting their own life out ﬁrst.
Getting their shit together and that’s something I truly believe in. To ﬁrst ensure
we get our own house in order.
I got my house in order, took a lot of work, changing habits, mindset change,
discipline, focus, lots of money to learn many things, training, and applying what
I learnt to ﬁrst get my own house in order. My own life sorted. Bills are paid.
Everything out of the way, so family is ok and now I can focus on my big dreams,
without burdening anyone else.
It all started with what?
Making that ﬁrst step. The connection.
Going out to the world.
Putting myself out there with my personality and knowing, some will dislike
what I write, dislike my personality and that is ﬁne. I don’t care about them im a
sense that I don’t write for them.
I write for those who are drawn to what I am about.
I write for those who are sick of the bullshit dating advise.
I write for those who want to learn from someone who does what he writes and
can help them get results, if they are humble, coachable, honest with themselves
to answer my questions so I can identify the real blind spots and they can then
apply to get results.
The ones who got their shit together and can pay.
That’s who I attract.
I put myself out there. I was consistent.
Look how long I have been writing and how many detailed answers I have
written. It is consistent from the beginning.
Including the personality in which I write because that is me in real life too. Fun,
cocky, relaxed and just outgoing but also, conﬁdent in myself. I am conﬁdent in
where I am going and what I am going to achieve.
No one deﬁnes my self worth and I like that to be in many guys I meet along the
way because it will change their lives and the people they connect with too.
This is the same with dating.
If you want to do what most girls do, sit, wait and hope for a guy to come over,
well, you got a long…long wait. You get the same that most people get.

Frustrations. Lack of results and more frustrations.
Even if you’re very attractive because most men fear rejection the way you do too.
The only ones who will approach are guys like myself, and we don’t do
relationships on the ﬁrst date, nor second, or third. We don’t promise which by
the way girls cannot promise either.
They can say - “I will never leave you.”
Bollocks.
How many questions you see on here where girls say they found someone, but
now likes someone else and cheated on him?
Some are even married women who cheated on their husband.
Same with guys doing same.
Relationship isn’t something you get.
It’s something you nurture and even then, nothing is absolute. Nothing is certain.
No relationship is certain and that goes for marriages too.
What is certain is this…
You got to ﬁrst make a connection.
Second…
If you keep doing what you’re doing and think it’s about content, details, facts
like being funny, or you’re fun, kind, amazing personality, then you will continue
to get the same results. Zero.
That’s ok when you got the guy and dating.
That’s called absolute value. We don’t give a fuck about absolute value when we
don’t know the girl. You can say you’re this and that, don’t expect me or any guy
to believe a damn thing.
We only believe what we see ﬁrst and then for absolute value…..we experience
time with you. That’s when all this, fun, kind, not smoking or whatever means
something.
It’s like you saying to me as a musician..
“I am the best artist, I am cool. I am kind, fun, and great at making music,”
Then I ask, “so how many are buying your music?”
“Well, erm, no one bought any or hired me. I don’t know why. I don’t wear any
make up, wear some crazy clothes and I don’t smoke.”
I ask “Did you even bang your stuﬀ out there, approached venues for gigs?”
“Oh, well, no because I’m shy. I fear rejection.”
You’d think this guy or girl is out of their head. How can this person expect the
world to know what they got to oﬀer if they don’t be proactive?
If they are not approachable but invisible?
If they don’t market themselves like they believe in themselves?
Men are not complicated.
You show you’re interested and we will come at you.

But if you are unapproachable, got a frown on your face, smile only to your
friends, do not initiate anything, you’re making it very diﬃcult for guys to know
you desire them to approach.
You’re friends just tell you what you need to hear.
They don’t know shit about how this works or they really do, but if they told you,
they fear that you might judge them for being sluts, whores, too easy, the way
girls judge each other girls who get guys, and way society judges guys and call
them players.
They won’t tell you the truth and probably they don’t want to rock the boat. So
they say what makes you feel good and you then return it with validation. You
know, still being their friend/approval.
You begin to believe in what they say.
But the results speaks for itself.
Want to change that?
Learn to be approachable.
Don’t want to change that?
No problem. It’s your choice.
Just know you don’t get a relationship. You build connection ﬁrst and many of
them to attract someone. That someone may not be that guy. So you move on and
make another connection and another until you gained experience, dated some
guys and what do you know…you meet a guy who wants to be in relationship with
you.
Then it goes down hill!
So you try again and again, and throughout you get better, more experienced and
suddenly….a guy that’s is so similar to you but also opposite to you. The
relationship happens and it’s not so hard, it’s easy, it’s relaxed, it’s fun, you get
along, you’re so open you want him to fuck you in ass and in every way and he
loves it too.
Like there are nothing to hide from each other.
Years go by and everyone wonders what is it you both know.
Like me in a relationships, with diﬀerent women and all been with over 16 years
and people like “WTF? How do you guys do it?”
He doesn’t say “You want to be in relationship with me” like he needs a fucking
permission. Like it’s all about talk. Like it’s planned and framed in mind. Like
he’s been looking for signals when to say it.
He does what I do.
After sometime, I got to know you, all is ﬁne and I trust you, got intimate, I’ve
seen you behave ok with me. We’ve become intimate, and sexually too. There’s no
jealousy and possessiveness.
When honey moon feeling is over, and you’re still got that feeling with me and
haven’t got all bitch with me when honeymoon is over:
1. I take you to see my friends
2. I introduce you to my relatives
3. I take interested in your life

4. I introduce you to other women I date and you’re ﬁne with it because I
never hid it from you. You wanted all me, the full package and this is part
of who I am and knew it from day one. And you get aliong with them like
you were best friends.
I am observing how you behave in my world and you will also observe
me in your world. This is where many women fuck up. I see a diﬀerent
personality, their guard is down and kaboom. They do something that I
don’t like at all and it’s not something small but big in my eyes.
But if all is well….
5. I want to know your goals, passions or how you see life
6. I want to be part of that world of yours and not for anything but to part of
it as you would like to do with my world. You’ll travel the world and see
things that sometimes makes you wonder, “holy shit. Life is amazing!”
7. I’ll say what it is I want out of us two and where I’d like it go go and listen
if you feel the same. I listen to what it is you want and see if we are
seriously compatible.
8. I’ll show you the orgins of what you’re into and we’ll do it together, and
come back with a deeper meaning of what a relationship is.
9. You will see who I am in a bigger picture with hope, you don’t become
insecure like most do and try to compare yourself with me or whoever
you see me associated with. Instead, be happy you attracted a man like
me, who is a dreamer, who has an exciting life, who even at his age 40′s
can smile, laugh, and do things most dream of doing.
That’s there is some work and so, I don’t know why people ask if one wants to be
in relationship with them when they have not done these steps.
A person doesn’t need to say,..
“I want a relationship.”
He/she just shows it by action and each time a person does, the connection gets
deeper.
You don’t get relationship.
You make connections and nurture them.
So ﬁrst…learn to connect with guys to attract them.
Be approachable.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

Long time female friend says she can't hang out with me
anymore because her new boyfriend says so, what do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her priorities is with her boyfriend but most of all what makes her feel
comfortable. So if making her boyfriend feel comfortable is a priority to her, then
that’s how it is. You need to expand your social network for starters if one friend
says they can’t.
Respect her wishes and move on, live your life.
That is all you can do.
It’s not a big deal.

It’s only a big deal if you’re into her, secretly attracted to her or your social circle
is so small, you got no options of asking other friends.
Move on and ﬁnd other friends.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a guy, who stays miles away from where I live,
fall in love with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can make someone fall in love with you but you can create very strong
intense attraction which gets a man to take action IF….and I mean IF…he is
attracted to you.
I’m going to share from experience what not to do and what many women have
done, for me to distance myself from them and even block them. Even to not
bother with long distance relationship.
I used to and still do, get a lot of private messages from women and yes, even on
Quora. Most look for a guy who is a man that they know isn’t timid, can lead, has
a purpose in life and is very sexual, has lots of experience and is doing something
with his life.
So of course, when women do ﬁnd out more about me, the smart ones, the ones
not socially conditioned and got lots of baggages, they see I have a lot to oﬀer. I
also travel a lot and so they know the experience with me is going to be very
diﬀerent to a guy in their city because I am seeing places, going places, romantic
places, exciting places, arts, music, and right now I am where Picasso is, in south
of france, near Cannes, checking out many famous artists and living with one at
moment for my holiday as it’s inspiring to be with fellow artists, with sexual
statues everywhere, painting, music, etc.
1. Never create drama. Women I have distance from are drama queen. They
are young and some older. Some aged 39 and behave like children,
seeking attention with their little manipulation games and call it ﬂirting.
2. They have no experience in ﬂirting. They do not know the diﬀerence
between ﬂirting and teasing. Teasing should not be negative and nor
should ﬂirting. It’s fun, it’s sexual, it’s suppose to arouse and so, if you
know a guy is a lovertype and you don’t know how to, you shouldn’t even
try. Focus then on being positive, build on attraction, show interest, be
sexual because this is distance. You need to show hy a guy for example
like me should leave his world, his exciting life, to even spend time
talking or sending messages. If a woman is like most women, medicore, I
don’t have time with them. If they are inexperienced with being a sexual
woman and don’t show it, I really haven’t time to babysit. Best focus on
some nice guy who is shy. Works for him but not for guys like me.
3. You must focus on always being up beat with the guy, showing why he
should invest time without causing drama. Women are drama, no doubt
about it. Their emotionally up and fucking down. But you can’t make
this excuse because I know women who ﬁgured themselves out and
developed themselves to project attractive behaviour and leave the
melodramatic.
4. You’re messages need to be uplifting, shows interest in him, reveals
about him and not bullshit talk about your life, who did what, and drama
stories that are negative. So cut out the talk about you being ill, you had a
bad day at work and focus on creating a positive impression.
5. Be open sexually in words when he is. Don’t judge him for that. Some of
us men are mature, experienced and we are not fucking around. We

expect you to know how to behave as a woman, and a sexual woman.
Learn how if you don’t and leave opinions about sex, player, this and that
far away from the discussion. You can do that with other women and
here to look good, and innocent but now you’re talking to a man you
want him to feel a pulsating desire for you. So focus on building on that
and leave the insecurities alone.
6. Finally, don’t get all entitled if he doesn’t send messages back in a few
days. Don’t do what most women do and make it an issue. Your
behaviour right now, is the representation in his mind on what you be
like with him in the future. So if you behave with drama, if you become
self absorbing, attention seeking, posessessivem, jealous, then it is a
strong indicator you will be like that with him in the future. If you are
holding back verbal intimacy, sexual verbal intimacy, avoiding to talk on
phone, then it’s a strong indicator, a red ﬂag that you’re either not real,
you are either not serious or it is an indicator you probably dangle sex as
a carrot like most women as though that is the prize. The prize is not you
or him. The prize is the intimacy you build, the trust you build, the open
strong communication that ﬂows so open, you guys can talk about
anything. These are very rare in even marriages never mind dating.
7. The most important
You both got to meet. There is nothing stronger than real live face to face
physical interaction, physical touch, the real deal. Only then, when you
do meet that things get pretty real but if you don’t meet then he will lose
interest and if he doesn’t desire to meet for a long time, consider you’re
life and mine is short on this planet.
Just to keep it simple..
1. No negatiity
2. Keep drama away. It’s toxic
3. Be open to show your feelings for him
4. Be open to show positivity to him
5. Don’t be afraid to show sexual appeal and sexual interest in him
6. And work to lead to meet as soon as you can.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girlfriends jealousy about all the platonic (close
chick friends) around him constantly make a man so mad to
break up with his girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…
1. He doesn’t tolerate having someone who suppose to trust him to behave
in such manner. So he probably thinks why the hell she is even with him?
2. Everytime she does that she is judging him, blaming him for something
and so that undermines him further. Its toxic. It always destroys the
atmosphere of the relationship. He doesn’t want that feeling anymore.
3. She can cause problems when he is with such friends and do something
that is undermining him in front of others. He doesn’t want that to
happen. He feels he cannot trust her when she’s with him.
4. He’s been there before with past relationship and he’s not have it
anymore. It’s emotionally draining and makes relationship toxic.

5. He can’t be assed with the fucking drama that comes with it all time and
so, he’s not going to be living his life walking on eggshells due to her own
insecurities.
6. Like most mature people, he doesn’t like other people controlling him
and that goes for the girlfriends who dates him.
That’s why.
597 Views · View Upvoters

How can I grow the balls to approach a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what you need to do and it’s what I did way back. You need to ﬁrst get the
social conditioning a major shock.
You’re brain needs some work and it needs you to shock it with…simple steps.
Gradual simple steps and doing things diﬀerently than what you have been doing
or you’re not going to grow the…balls.
Only then will your unconscious get engaged to then see you are serious about
this. It will then work as you continue to build new path ways, patterns which will
later develop into a social instinct skill.
So what you’re doing is putting..
Eﬀort + Consistency which gets the brain engaged = reward. Social instinct.
Start with…
1. Forget dating, sex and all that. Detach from the outcome. See this as
learning and forget all the pressure of a Yes or No. First training.
2. Approach girls who do not intimidate you and ask for direction in street.
3. Got comfortable with that? Ok. Now do it with girls who intimidate you.
4. Now approach girls and ask something else. Say anything. Don’t give a
shit if it’s anything like compliment or what they are wearing, or
whatever. You’re detached from the outcome.
5. Got comfortable with that? Now walk into a bar and say hi to average
looking girls and walk oﬀ. You’re detaching from the outcome. Keep
doing that in diﬀerent bars.
6. Comfortable with that? Step it up and approach girls who intimidate you.
Do this in diﬀerent bars.
7. Now approach average looking girls and strike a conversation.
“Hey there, just got a second but wanted to ask you (ﬁll in the gap).”
Then thank them and walk away.
8. Comfortable? Do this with very attractive girls that intimidate you.
9. Comfortable? Approach groups of girls.
10. Comfortable? You will be because now you realised the problem is your
own anxiety. Now up the stakes, learn to approach, ﬂirt, have fun,
converse and number. Don’t call them. You are detaching for outcome.
11. Comfortable? Now do the 10 step again, approach, show intent, ﬂirt,
converse, lead to phone call if she’s positive with response, and build
attraction by text and lead to date.
You will fail in the ﬁrst few steps.

You’re suppose to because you have been hammered with social conditioning.
You’ll be worried about social pressure, what others around might think and
usual bullshit. Don’t worry. Keep going.
So ﬁrst, forget dating, sex and relationship.
First get yourself sorted so you can approach by detaching from the outcome. Get
good at this ﬁrst so you don’t give a fuck.
You need to do this for 6 months - 1 year.
If you approach one girl a week it will be very slow progress but if you hammer it
and give no excuses, even on a bad day, even when you’re mood doesn’t feel like
it, you’ll ﬁnd yourself getting strong, social instinct getting sharp and you will
have a lot of fun because…you’re detached from the outcome.
Start there ﬁrst.
No use me giving you any approach to date.
You need to ﬁrst get rid of the neediness.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do people go from just dating to actually being in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is how I’ve always done it.
1. I approach
2. Flirt
3. Converse and qualify
4. Ask for number after I ﬁnd positive response
5. Use text to build up attraction. If there isn’t attraction then the
qualifying won’t go well. It shows she’s not interested. Attraction is
where she has earned your interest. She feels your value is equal or
greater than hers. You do that
In the beginning of your approach it’s not about attraction. It’s about
ﬁrst getting her attention. Then you transition the beginning of the
attention to a conversation. Even then you do not know if there is she is
attracted to you as you are to her. So the next then is when you transition
to conversation but problem here is guys are experienced in transition to
conversation which leads to attraction, that they get stuck.
They don’t know what they are doing and instead of transition to
conversation to build attraction, by using humour, by using positive
teasing, they lose it.
The other problem is when the guy knows how to approach, transition to
conversation, tries to build attraction he messes up to not qualify her for
her to show interest in him. Qualifying shows to a woman you got
standards and most of all, you’re not about just her looks but her. You
want her to reveal she is interested by engaging in answering your
question. If she engages she is showing interest and it’s easy to know
because the questions is tailored to show intent from your side and for
her now to show intent from her side.
If the attraction part is ignored, the qualifying and everything else

becomes dead. This is when you know she is not worth your time.
Now there are moments when a girl is shy, nervous, or full of emotions,
excitement but doesn’t show it and she self sabotages to see you walk
away, and later, maybe a few days later or week tries to contact you to
apologise, shows interest to back to this phase. It’s not rare, it happens
but most just are so insecure they don’t follow through their desire.
Worried they messed up already and look desperate.
When she shows interest, when she has qualiﬁed herself to you then you
can either ask her to go for a walk now, a coﬀee, drink, or see the sights
which is diﬃcult due to logistics or suggest what can happen, then get
her number and lead to again, building on attraction using text.
6. Texting. You do not use texting to build comfort immediately.
Remember, emotions go up and down. So while she was excited when
you saw her, the attraction can die down because chemicals can fade if
you don’t build on the atttraction. So you got to follow through and if you
do it in a needy way, if you it like most guys do, you ﬁnd she loses
interest in you. You was playing safe.
Many text for too long, lots of text, or every text back and forth texting
when the texting needs to focus on the goal. The dating! That’s what all
this is about and guys just fuck it up and forget why they doing it
because they fear loss.
Texting is powerful tool if you know how to do it.
I have used it to build on attraction and used role play, fun role playing,
getting her into the mood, creating the emotions for her to know being
with me is going to be an exciting sexual and romantic experience.
7. Lead to phone. When you see she is getting engaged then you lead to the
phone. On phone you, mention time constraint. That you only got a
minute and continue building on attraction, role play, fun, have a laugh,
and just add a little comfort. Comfort is showing more about yourself
“yeah I was playing tennis and I love it because (share some value) but
now don’t be too serious. Add some humour. Tease her in a positive
manner. That’s how you now add comfort and attraction.
8. Lead from phone to meet. Don’t be long on the phone. You needed to
build the attraction, add some comfort, and now lead to meeting her.
Add another a qualiﬁer for her to show her interest again.
9. Dating face to face. Assume she is your girlfriend and not behave
platonic like a friend amd focus on comfort but still build on attraction
but this time also add comfort. Tell stories not question interview
fucking bullshit small talk about job, income. Learn to speak like a man
who knows life and tell stories and engage her, as you use physical
conversation touch. Involve her mind, her emotions and touch.
10. We date for a while, let’s say a few months that includes intimacy,
physical intimacy, sex etc.
11. I share my values through out these months like, not wanting children,
my purpose, my goals, what I want out of relationships, what I don’t. I
don’t label what we have as relationship. She knows I’m not
monagamous and sexual guy. These were sorted as it does come up and I
am not apologetic about it and nor do I hide my sexuality and values.
12. She also shares what she desires and here’s comes compatibilty.
Compatibility is an attitude. A process. Not about education, job, culture,

income or religion but about lovers willing to work together towards each
others happiness while being being individuals in their own right.
13. If we are not compatible and either of us unwilling to work together and
she wants kids and I don’t, as an example, or I am high sexual and she
isn’t, she wants marriage but I never will….it’s not going to work. I am
not naive, Mature. We break up and move on. I also look for other things
like she’s sexually conﬁdent, isn’t still in the social norm/tradition
mindset on how one sees sex and dating.
14. If we are compatible, we continue dating and we don’t label it as
anything. Have been dating girlfriends for over 16 years and all is
fantastic. Sure, some stuﬀ needed ironed out but as we grew together, we
learnt from each other, we hardly argue or when we do, it’s funny and we
crack up laughing about it right there and then. We’re very mature and
very open with each other.
So it’s best early on, not immediately but early on to let the person know where
you stand on things. Don’t be silent through early process as how you want things
to happen and where it will lead and of course, she will do so as well. But don’t
wait for the person to do so because they might not.
If the person brings it up early, then speak up and do not fear losing them. Let
them know where you stand and that way they know where they stand.
Best for both of you to be with someone you are compatible with.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is one thing you will never do in your life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What would be the one thing or things which you would never, never do?

If woman says no to me when we’re going for sex, I do not take it as a yes. I will
back oﬀ and take it as a no.
And if she is a fucking idoit, holding my dick while saying it and playing some
game and really meant YES, too late. She can let go of my dick right there and
now, put her clothes back on because sex isn’t going to happen.
So no pounding her pussy.
No pounding her ass.
No eating her pussy.
It is a NO.
No means NO to me. I don’t care what it means to other guys or other girls.
Not YES. Not “I was testing you out.”
I don’t give a shit. If a woman says no, it means 100% without any doubts from
my side, a NO. So this is the thing I won’t ever do.
See “NO” as a YES.
A no to me means no. Period.
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when you ask someone out on a date and
they say they are busy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They don’t tell you any other day because they are saying no in a polite manner.
They don’t want to say, “no I’m not interested in you.”
They probably had bad experience and guys won’t take no. So now, they have
come up with their own strategy.
So any of these..
1. I am busy (doesn’t give any alternative suggestions of date and time)
2. I am not ready for a relationship.
3. I am not looking to date anyone at the moment
4. I can’t because my mum and dad won’t let me
5. I am just getting out of a relationship blah blah blah
(don’t be a white knight thinking you can save her to impress her, to get
into her pants and rationalise you don’t want to hurt her by saying no to
friendship)
6. I can’t because I am watching mars attack for the 10th time
Take it as a no and move on.
If it’s not a fuck yes then see it as a fuck no.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do all women love bad boys, or is it just a phase associated with
younger women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is your deﬁnition of bad boy?
1. Is it a guy who slaps a woman, abuses her, beats the shit out of her,
doesn’t give a shit and then tries to pretend he’s weak and focuses on
appealing to her emotions to do it all over again?
2. Or the bad boy you mean who is good with women, has sexual appeal,
conﬁdence, knowledge and skill with women, and women try to ﬁx and
change him to realise they can’t?
I see bad boy as 2.
The number 2 is me because mainstream media, invention of shame, invention of
sex, romance novels like to create labels and label me as player, bad boy, jerk blah
blah.
If a guy is a bad boy because he is judged for playing for sex then what is a woman
who is playing, framing, plotting, planning, asking questions to play for
relationship?
Like for example…
“How do I know he just wants sex and not me?”
This question is always about how does she know he won’t leave when he has sex
with her?
She’s playing for relationship.
You see it all the time.
“I am not here for fuckbuddy, not here for one night stand, not here for sex but
want to get to know a guy, want it slow, and hopefully if it works out, a
relationship.”

Playing for relationship.
While women see guys like me as bad boys, players for sex, I see women as
players for relationships. They are not so innocent. They play and pretend to be
innocent but really they play the game to get a relationship, frame it into a
relationship from day one and the number one question is and always will be..
“Does he want me for sex or is into me?”
Going to give you some news.
Bad boys don’t date ALL women.
So that pedestal is now gone.
Abusive kind will attract the needy, insecure, the one who seeks validation and
the fallacy and myths of love.
But for lover types who are seen as bad boys, will avoid such women.
They date a certain type of women and will repell other types of women like the
plague no matter how attractive she is. Women who are insecure about their
sexuality, the Jealous and Possessive type don’t last long, the drama queens to a
certain extent, and women trying to ﬁx the guy also don’t last long and fuck oﬀ to
guys who can give them the “stability” but then ﬁnd themselves bored to come
back again.
Look up on Quora on how many married women cheat or leave this guy:
“He’s so perfect, such a gentleman, I can talk to him about anything but….I
like this other guy. What should I do?”
Therefore, women even age 40 go for the badboys and not just young women.
I’ll explain the process and take it in any way one wishes. I don’t write to get an
opinion and I am far too busy to be answering comments, and deleting some who
think they got a licence to give me their opinion when I didn’t ask for it.
I really don’t care if people accept this or not.
I experience this a lot and if women are honest, so do they or know someone that
has gone through these exact steps:
1. First the girls will date lover type.
Not because we are skilled at approaching but really because most men
around them are fucking chumps. Yes we have experience, knowledge,
skill but most of the time which is a helluva lot, women have had too
much attention from men who are chumps.
So we don’t give that attention to women like most men do. We
approach, we show intent immediately and if she behaves in a manner
that is not to our liking, does not show intent back on how she is into the
guy, we walk away. We don’t wait and she isn’t entitled to shit. The same
way a guy isn’t entitled and women love saying it - same here with bad
boys. She is not entitled for a reason, friendship and anymore time.
2. Most guys behaviour just doesn’t resonate with the social conditioning
women have been pounded with and so that nice guy they all talk about,
the one they say they so want doesn’t get a chance when lovers are
around. Girls won’t say that because if they did, they’d fear being judged
as sluts, whores, too easy and worried what their friends, relatives might
think. So they got to say they never go for bad boys. They got to say
they’d never have sex on ﬁrst date. They got to make things complicated.

3. They go for the lover type and try to ﬁx him but when they realise, time
and time again, the bad boy lover cannot give them the promise of
stability because we don’t promise relationship in beginning, and
because they know they cannot stop him ﬂirting and fucking other
women, and because they get hurt a lot due to their own
expectations….they now leave the lover. They know we are
independant, with our own lifestyle, own money, own business and own
rules. Since men keep hearing they are not entitled then now that is true
for women. They are not fucking entitled for relationship either and so,
to even approach dating with this idea of wanting a relationship is an
entitlement in itself because when the guy is not wanting it, she is
calling him a player, a jerk, a no good bad boy.
4. We are not the bad boy depicted in movies. We are learned in women
ways and we know the psychology but most of all, our purpose is bigger
than a woman’s pussy, ass and tits. Yes we love pussy. We love women.
We love being around attractive women but she won’t ever be put on a
pedestal and we won’t worry if she runs oﬀ with someone else or ﬂirts
with 1o guys in front of us. We’d just enjoy the show while her boyfriend
probably be going nuts and asking why she is doing this to him.
5. Our passion is not women. Our passion is our dreams, goals, and loving
what we do but because we also desire women as part of our lives not
“she is all our life chump mode.” we learned the knowledge, skill and we
hammered it to know what works. We didn’t take chances in our dreams,
goals and so we don’t with women. We don’t learn this from average
medicore men and men of low lifestyle and men who haven’t dated
attractive women and I really fucking mean attractive in looks not the
bullshit most talk about to look like gentlemans on her.
We learn everything we can and from our own experience. We dare to do
what most don’t and that’s why we get most of the women. The
knowledge and skill is just there if we need to overcome some issues but
really, if I approached 20 women, one will say yes and sex is going to
happen. If women had more men who weren’t chumps, we probably
have to step up our actions but we don’t need to with way most men are
today.
Back to the story.
Women leaves the bad boy lover type…
6. They now date the potential boyfriend but this guy is like a platonic
friend type but boyfriend label. They believe if they don’t have sex with
him, like they did with the lover type, so called bad boy, they can keep
him longer. He will stay longer because he wants her pussy real bad.
They dangle the sex carrot with this guy.
7. This guy is very passive-aggressive. For a while it’s all ok but then it
becomes predictable. He plays safe. He’s all serious. He’s needy. He’s
Jealous and Possessive. Not all but most are. He’s not a man but really
behaves like an insecure boy. He’s afraid to upset her, lose her and
doesn’t know what to do. He’s afraid to challenge her. He’s afraid he loses
her to someone else.
8. The girl gets bored of the predictability and fantasizes about the physical
and sexual pounding, the feelings connected to the badboy she dated,
the pussy eating he did with her, the sex, the all wide open fuck in ass,
the way she can be a sexual woman with him without worry of being
judged.

9. She remembers the adventures and the unpredictability. Like for me, I
travel a lot and so girls I date travel world with me. They see the world
they have only seen on TV, Movies and Magazines. They see mansions,
villas and sailing on Yatchs. They see art.
We see Picasso’s real work and Van Gogh’s. We meet artist, musician and
she is serenadeds with food and music in the cool breeze and sun blazing
of Spain. No worries about money. No worries about anything. All is
taken care oﬀ. She experiences and see all kinds of shit and that makes
her relationship with her platonic boyfriend look like wet salad on a bad
day.
10. So she is back and forth with lover badboy. It doesn’t have to be the same
lover either. The pull is to strong. He’s a challenge. He has options. His
life and the FEELINGS she gets with him is a very diﬀerent contrasts to
what she gets with the platonic boyfriends.
11. But as she gets older, as her biological clock is ticking, as she sees her
friends getting serious in relationships, as she sees others getting
married, as she sees she has no stability, the tick tock biological process
and the psychological kicks in. She seeks a relationship that is stable. So
now she dates a boyfriend but someone she doesn’t dangle sex with as
much as she does with the platonic boyfriend.
12. The thing is, she will always remember the bad boy lover. She will
fantasize about him and sometimes, even when she is married, she
desires the FEELINGS she got from such guys. These are guys who know
about women, know how to talk to make their pussy wet, know how to
make a w comes the lifestyle he lives. oman feel alive, know how to make
life unpredicatable, exciting but with it
This is where most women struggle with the two women inside of
them. It’s sad when I see this time and time again.
13. The woman that is socially conditioned, the “good girl”, the voice of
mummy telling her what life is, what relationship is, the years of
pounding of social conditioning regarding sex, the invention of shame
and invention of modesty and if she comes from religious family then
religion/cultural traditions. The fears on how others see her.
Then there is the 2nd woman inside of her.
The woman who is tired of being a woman society says she got to be.
14. The other women - a woman inprisoned to social norms, traditions,
white picket fence, bells and a lot of guilt. Worried how the world sees
her. Worried how her mum and dad sees her. Worried how her social
facebook friends see her.
Worried about how her co-workers see her.
Everywhere she goes and sees, someone is telling her what she must be
while the lover says, “be whatever you desire, stay or go, I’m ﬁne
whatever you choose. Just be happy.”
Very diﬀerent to badboy image you get from mainstream that he’s a
beater, he’s a liar, hides, pretends and they don’t show other badboys like
these types. This badboy has options, he don’t need to be frustrated, lie
and nor do what the psychopaths do and hurt people with control and
abuse.

He says it to the woman, “I am not into Monagmay. Do you accept the
way I am because you and no one can change that.”
If she doesn’t, she must move on. He doesn’t need to hide shit. He
doesn’t need to lie. He doesn’t need to pretend. What for when he has
options up to his eye balls and lives by his own rules?
He is upfront of what is on oﬀer.
Take it or walk away but don’t bullshit him she had no choice. She must take
responsibility for her own sexuality.
She’s not a little girl anymore but a woman who is mature enough and
experienced enough to know this.
So most women even past their teen years,. past the 20 years, past 40 years, yearn
for the bad boy. For some it is a phase, for some it is an ongoing yearning but
imprisonment but for some a memory they’ll remember for the rest of their
fucking life and see it as an experience and that’s all.
And while some say they got over it, they themselves move from one relationship
to another for that New Relationship Feeling.
What does that mean?
Has fuck all to do with bad boy.
We exist not because women like bad boys.
We exist because this is our nature and will always will be, and women will always
desire the FEELING, and if she doesn’t get it from a bad boy….she will get it from
a…New…Relationship.
Think I’m bullshitting?
Take a look at thousands of questions on Quora that are like this..
I am deeply in love with my boyfriend, but I have cheated on him twice with this
other guy and haven't told him. We are all friends. What should I do?
I cheated on my husband. I had an aﬀair with a guy who does not know I am
married. I want to end this aﬀair but am afraid that my bf might tell my husband
everything and I don't want to spoil my marriage. What should I do?
More here
https://www.quora.com/search?q=I...
Don’t think it is due to the bad boy.
This is woman nature and it’s high time girls/women take responsibility for their
own sexuality.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl. She is my classmate. I want her number. What is the
easiest way so that I can get her number? How should I ask her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love?
What you on? Crack? Weed? Or too much sugar?
You don’t even know her and she doesn’t know you. You’re not that easy to fall in
love with someone like that?

Come on man, get real.
You’re better than this and you know you are.
Chill, relax and get oﬀ that rollercoaster. You don’t want to be on that kind of rid.
It will do you in before you reach 20 years old.
Have some standards but hey, I understand.
The chemicals make you feel high. Don’t they?
Like you’re on some crazy trip, ready to do Gorilla, pounding your chest as you
stand in front of her, and you expect her to say…
“My Tarzan!”
“You Jane! You pussy. You ass. You tits. You’re mine. Aaaaahhaaaaahhaaaa!”
She falls in love with your Tarzan call as everyone in the Class stand to attention
because you….are….Tarzan!
That’s Hollywood mate. Hollywood! Movies. Romance novels.
Now let’s get real here.
Forget her number. Now hold on. I am giving you knowledge that you wish your
dad and mum told you, and the teacher who won’t know this shit.
Forget the number and focus on ﬁrst show your personality. Approach, ﬂirt, be
fun, converse because the ﬁrst is not the number or you be like many chumps
who get her number and do all our heads in here with another question..
“I text her but how do I know the girl likes me.”
Think about it.
She doesn’t know you at all.
Sure, she might have seen you around and might have looked, nodded or not. You
got to build what we call a bridge.
But not any kind of bridge.
A bridge which removes awkwardiness and discomfort because when in the
environment you are in, everyone is worried aboout everything. Including a guy
who she hasn’t talk much too and there hasn’t been any rapport building for you
to ask for her number.
You don’t want her number.
You want to make that attraction connection.
Number can wait for a few minutes.
So ﬁrst approach, show you are attracted to her instantly, ﬂirt, converse, don’t be
serious with love and romance crap. This is not the type for this. They may see
that in movies but if it happened to these girls in real life, they’ll cringe.
It will creep them out.
They are so full of insecurities that if I can bottle it up and sell it, I’d be a
billionnaire in no time.
It makes them feel awkward.
Approach like this..
You - Tell me something. Are you friendly or not?

Her - Yes, I think so.
You - Great. Hold this for a minute. (Give her your jacket or bag like you a boss.
Stand there smiling for a few second. Do like you’re timing it)
You - I just wanted to be sure you are friendly (now take your bag back). Ok, you
are friendly. I think me and you will have a lot of fun at the party.
Her - Party?
Me - Yes, what’s your number (give her your phone) like to come with me? I’ll let
you know because I like to go with a girl I am into, who I like and who is friendly :)
You see what I mean?
First make a connection and be diﬀerent not boring, Be conﬁdent.
When you ﬂirt, do so for 1 minute, not too long then tone it down to a
conversation, and suggest later of things that can happen. Talk about whatever it
is you’re going to do with her in an exciting way.
Now see her response.
Is it all good? Positive or she is acting like she doesn’t want to know?
Not positive? Then just say, “right got to see my mates. Bye.”
If positive response, exchange numbers.
Your goal with texting is not to see if she text back but to say fun and lead to the
date. Not long back and forth conversation like a chump.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Byron Devene

A girl I know is going through a hard time right now, she
rejected me in the past and I moved on, now she is asking to be
my friend. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to let her know you’re not that nice guy where girls can vomit their
problems on you and get emotional support. They can get that from their parents,
all their girl…friends, the many guys who orbit arond them, or best…a therapist.
And forget the rationalising “should I hurt her.” The white knight attitude. She
ain’t fragile and she isn’t sleeping beauty.
You’re not hurting her.
She is hurting herself if she gets hurt.
Let her know the truth.
That you’re sorry to hear about her having a hard time but you’re not looking for
anything less. And wish her well.
You’re not going to be a therapist.
This relationship is called…
“The patiant.”
Don’t get psychologically seduced and become passive, timid to run to her aid.
You know why you’re really doing it. Hoping to get into her pants.
That’s a rabbit hole you will regret stepping into.

That’s the mistake so many guys make and then bitch about how they did this
and that for her, and she went oﬀ with some other guy.
Move on.
Let her go and approach someone else.
You have no obligation to save sleeping beauty from the witch, or orgre, or Riding
Good from the big bad wolf. She’s hurting herself.
She can stop walking into the forest at night and walla, solves her own damn
problems. Don’t be that knight.
They don’t get the girl in the real world.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do all women want me only as a friend?

 https://www.quora.com/Why-do-all-men-want-me-only-as-a-girlfriend
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You never had a girlfriend. That explains a lot already. You have no experience
whatsoever and stayed in the comfort zone. This is going to impact you because
you will be ﬁlled with neediness when you approach.
You’re own experience is valuable but also knowledge and skill. That’s the good
news. That you can learn to correct your behaviour because it is in your
behaviour that projects status.
You mentioned “fun, kind and good,” but these are what is known as details, facts
and if you mentioned job, income, height, interest then these are known as
ﬁgures.
If you mentioned you talk and most of it is small talk, content with common
interest, usual stuﬀ then this is known as “content.”
None of these by the way focus on the unconsciousness within a woman and one,
contrary to what most women and men say captures a woman’s exciting,
passionate, lust, desires and fantasies.
In other words…
When you approach she sees you as no diﬀerent to many guys she knows and she
can get what you provide from these guys.
So you’re shooting yourself in the foot.
I like to give deeper science explaining but I am travelling at the moment around
the world, so I am going to focus more on your behaviour rather than the detail
science, and not much in the Psychology.
You will be like most guys..
1. Playing it safe. You don’t show intent you’re attracted to the woman in
the ﬁrst seconds but drag it on. Understand that it is your behaviour that
will diﬀerentiate you from the rest. Your behaviour is your true status. If
you strip away money, car, job, and all that most say matters, the most
powerful is your behaviour. This is your real status.
2. This is why I could and still can attract very attractive women when I
didn’t have money or a high income job. My life is diﬀerent now but if I
did have all these, it would help a little because of my behaviour. Also it’s
not how I want to attract women but to do so based on the attraction I
wanted.

I coach people right now who got money, loads of it and even they have
probem with dating so they hire escorts. That’s because their behaviour
triggers insecurities, fears and all kinds of patterns in a woman for them
to see them as emotional support not sexual and romantic attraction.
Their heads if ﬁlled with assumptions about women, fears and what
can’t and won’t happen because they are in a diﬀerent country/culture
and so process needs to be diﬀerent but not so. That’s fear.
So it is due to my behaviour, knowledge and skill to do what I did without
money and now…with added resources, I increased the perceived value
by ten folds.
3. Percieved value will always come ﬁrst. This is your behaviour, your
sexual appeal, the way you’re conﬁdent in ways with women. That’s
status in a perceived way but Absolute Value is more powerful for…
relationships. Stuﬀ like your job, income, stability, talent, career,
profession, purpose, goals, personality, people you associate with and
your activities in life. You’re attitude long term.
That’s what we call Absolute Value which you cannot fake, cannot
pretend with and which she will ﬁnd out soon in time when she gets to
know you.
However, you need to ﬁrst get the ball rolling to attract, date, build
attraction and this is where preceived value comes in. Understand it’s
just about your look but behaviour too. The behaviour is the
fundamentals which is missing.
Percieved value - isn’t jusy clothes, alone, with grooming alone but
behaviour, your social status, other girls pursing you……..gets her pussy
wet, her tits dancing, her nipples erected, her mouth water, her tongue
rolling around her luscious lips. She sees people know you. She sees and
experiences you gave social intiuition. You’re not intimidated by
showing your intent and nor by what she looks like and who she is.
Chemicals kick oﬀ. Her mind and body aroused. Her pussy throbbing
wet and she now imagines the sexual experience with you.
Hopefully she does that without the boring crappy pouting lips pose. It
looks great but with pouty lip pose, she looks try hard and annoying as
hell. Can’t stand girls with their expression pouting selﬁes that look like
they sucking into a vacum cleaner.
Absolute value such as you’re friends, your social network, your job, your
income, your purpose in life, passion, consistency keeps the girl.
This is for relationships. You don’t talk about these and nor lead with
Absolute value when approaching. It’s about attention, arousal,
emotions kicking oﬀ and tension that makes her heart race.
Absolute value doesn’t attract or get you laid.
Perceived Value does.
When you lead with content like that, you are compensating a lot and
you are trying too hard to please, impress and validate to her. You’re also
making it far too serious in the beginning when she hasn’t shown true
eﬀort that she’s interest in you.

You haven’t dated, been intimate with you, sexually intimate i.e. sex
many a times.
This is what we call mystery but not mystery as in hiding but mystery as
in stop putting everything on a plate for her. Don’t reveal all so fast and
especially when she hasn’t dated you for a while and you both haven’t
become sexually intimate too.
4. Focus on behaviour and correct it. Target a woman’s emotions and you
do that by ensuring you behave as a lover. Lovers don’t play safe. They
bring excitement. They dare to be sexual in words and indirect
behaviour. In the ﬁrst second of interaction the woman knows he’s a
lover or will be a friend. Now she must decide who she is because the
lover knows who he is and won’t apologise for who he is. He will void
framing his approach as platonic friend.
When I answer in this tone what do you think I’m doing?
I wish I could let the women who send me tons of private messages but
that be asshole move.
I am framing, announcing early on but with words here of an overall
message to women non-verbally that I am a lover and when I date the
woman, let’s say for a few months, then I lower the sexual tone, we got
now the deep connection for her to experience the absolute value.
I never hide my sexuality and that I am lover in the world outside and
here. I behave in this manner EARLY on. The body language, the way I
behave, how I say what I say 0 is projecting the strong message that if
you’re not into lover type, stay away. If you conﬁdent, sexually positive
and conﬁdent, open minded in how you see the world, then this is who I
attract. If you’re not this woman, stay away. Makes it alot easier and
faster to get to where yu want to go and with whom.
That is what you need to do without fear of loss. Show the intent. Make it
cleare, keep it fun, light hearted and get down with it.
5. Lovers dare to show a woman they are not intimidated by her and by her
opinion. He shows her he got his own opinios too. Lovers challenge the
woman. I challenge them all the fucking time.
They even squeak about sexuality and I’ll use it to my advantage and let
her know, she isn’t with mummy anymore behaving like a school girl.
Either show her intent and be a sexual woman, show she is available or
keep shut about her opinions because I will challenge her perception. So
don’t always agree and be nice to be nice.
6. If she is intimidated by the lovers sexual lover prowness, bye, bye. She is
not ready for such men. They drop her so fast and move on and
unapologetic about it as I am unapologetic about it. She can choose from
the many who will woo her with platonic small talk.
7. You don’t show your sexuality but hide it and be that guy who focuses on
building comfort ﬁrst. That’s like hours, days, weeks, months and now
you’re totally screwed because you behaved as a platonic friend than a
lover type who is conﬁdent to show he knows what he wants. That’s
comfort.
8. Comfort is not the thing that attracts. Yes, it plays it’s part but ﬁrst
WHAM, BAM, tornedo attractions must come ﬁrst. It is attraction ﬁrst so
challenge her, approach, ﬂirt, show you are a lover and let her be

insecure if she wants, you stand your ground.
You’re going to immediately show intent and she must show who she is.
If she isn’t interested she will show it. If she is shy and insecure, but
interested she will say no, then later yes, but by that time you have
moved on while she’s debating to herself why you didn’t try again
because she would have opened her legs and pound her pussy.
Yes, she will get a bit upset but hey, her problem. She’s not a little girl
anymore behaving all shy and think cute will do it to get dates. I like cute
but shy, does my head in and so I can’t be assed with it. I leave her to
guys who try to impress women with…
“Oooh no. I LOVE shy girls blah blah.”
9. You probably also focused on talk about commonalities, talking for
hours on interest, job, what she does, what you do, yada yada yada.
Content about job, income, interest are really for later on.
This is the ﬁrst interaction you have with the woman and so you must
create desire, you must get her pussy wet, you need to be a man of
certainty. Content is not as important than how you say. It’s not what you
say but how you say, what words you use, the metaphors you reveal that
captures her emotions and leads her fantasies far beyond any man who
orbits around her can.
10. Depending where you are, you don’t even need to say a word, like when
you’re in a night clubs. It’s noisy, loud and so it is your behaviour,
conﬁdence, the stature of your posture and swiftness that shows you’re a
lover. Observe men who stand in corners. Observe men who walk around
night clubs looking.
They are hindering their own results when they need to interact always
with other people even if not with the women. Women are always
watching.
They have seen you the moment you step in a venue and already judging
who you are, what your percieved value is, if you’re conﬁdent, meek, a
leader or a follower. They are looking at your perceived value and yes,
wondering how big your dick is and pretend they don’t.
11. You ask the woman out far too late. You didn’t escalate fast in the
beginning and so it becomes far too comfortable and so she doesn’t want
to lose the emotional support. Gets awkward and tells you she’s ﬂattered
BUT…(here it comes) we’re just friends and nothing else but that. Make
sure step one is applied. Scroll up if you need to.
12. You probaby text tons or on phone with these women, giving advice, or
listening to their stories about life, worries, concerns like you are a
therapist. Maybe she texts you one day…
“I erm…got problems. My shelf fell on my head and the cat won’t meow
anymore, and my ex boyfriend did this and the guys keep giving me
numbers, and my boyfriend is an Ogre, and the big bad wolf is chasing me.
Please be my friend.”
And your dick will go hard but pretend to yourself you’re really
interested to help her and don’t want to reject her because you don’t
want to hurt her. Usual bullshit I hear from guys who maked me feel like
slapping my forehead and bang my head on the wall.

You’re digging yourself a hole you cannot get out of.
Always invest less if you want to attract a woman.
That doesn’t mean play hard to get.
I mean, make sure your text is focused on attraction. When you phone it
is focused on building attraction. Lead to date. Don’t focus on lots of
comfort. That comes much later. You can still talk about something your
passionate about but don’t get serious. Be fun, light hearted.
This is the behaviour which I keep saying to guys to avoid doing time and time
again. So much for “there is no rules in dating.”
It’s time to correct this behaviour:
1. Show your intent immediately for pete sake. No more playing. You want
more, then show you want more by behaving as a lover from day one.
You will know how far and how little to behave as a lover. It comes from
lots of experience. Stretch to even oﬀend to see what happens. Tweak it,
reﬁne, and build into your own personality so it’s true to who you are.
2. You approach, ﬂirt and do not ﬂirt too long. 1–2 minutes and she should
know 100% you are attracted to her. Practice with every woman you can
without attaching to the outcome. Let this be your training. Go nuts with
it and you will have lots of fun.
3. Now escalate the shit out of so she must work to show her interest, right
there, right now or you will walk away. Behaviour is your status. Ask her
why you should be interested in her in a way that doesn’t look like you
are interrogating her but light hearted, and smile, with eyes you will eat
her pussy right there and then :)
4. Done? Ok. Positive response? Awesome. Now tell her you’re busy, you got
people to see, so hand her your phone like it’s meant to be. She adds her
digits and you add yours to hers.
5. Talk for a min so she knows you are seriously interested in her then say
your goodbyes. No fucking hugs and kiss..kiss on cheek. Stop that
nonsense. You’re a lover not a friend,. She will get her kiss and her pussy
pounded when she has shown behaviour she is interested, followed
through, gone on some dates with you, without any drama and bullshit.
6. Next day send a text, call back humour. You should have gathered some
info to use as humour, fun. None of that boring crap “hey it’s me, the guy
who saw you at blah blah.” Text like it is meant to be that she knows very
well who you are. End it with your name. Use role play.
Please, for heaven sake, raise men’s head high and stop doing that shit
that most guys do.” Be fun, not serious because this is attraction phase
still. No comfort yet.
7. Don’t go all serious.
Yes, I have tested this out from women who send naked photos of their
asses and tits, to women who send me private messages to me, to women
I meet on other social media sites and women I approach online. I have
tested it to death, hundreds of times.
I had too and I do for evreything because I DON’T TRUST ANYONE
when it comes to this kind of thing. I must know 100% what works for
real. If that means I make a fool of myself, so fucking be it. I stretch
things to the most outrageous conversations, approaches, you can even
imagine to know what the deal is, know what works, know how any guy

can apply even if he’s broke, skint, got no job. No man got any excuse. I
attracted women when I was down and out, broke, unemployed years
ago.
I know the deal but I had to do what most guys will piss their pants to do
and it’s ok, I understand but I had to do this way for a reason. To know
100% and to never rely on anyone again on this knowledge.
I intentionally did the wrong things to see what happens with women
who are VERY attracted to you.
I can kill attraction with one message.
Here’s how..
“when will you like to meet met” after she says “I want you.”
Gone, dissappeared.
Then I changed it again and thought I’d be like most guys to show to
other guys LIVE how this shit works..
“I love you too.” Gone, dissappeared.
I even got women coming to my home with…
“I like you to cum :) (LONG PAUSE) to my house because I am working on
a song and you said you can sing. I am looking for a singer.”
They come and exactly as I thought! I built comfort on purpose and you
know what she did? Fuck me! Predictable you women are! Talking shit
about other guys, and how guys give her their phone numbers. Trying to
friendzone me deep into antartic hahaha. Yes it don’t exist but for guys
getting that crap, it does.
I did everything upside down, every move a nice guy does just to see and
I saw what is going on. I wasn’t worried about rejection, losing women
and pussy. I wanted to know.
I had so much fun that if I wrote a book on this shit you’d crack up
laughing and then cry because you did all these stuﬀ and still probably
d0 :)
But now I can increase attraction too. Like this…
“Paiging Jane. Kssssh. This is special agent Adam paiging Jane. The
zombies are raiding the Ice cream shop.”
I did this because on approach I learnt she’s a nurse, we had found
talking how she’ll save lives. I said “does that include zombies?”
So I used this as a call back text humour. That’s what attraction is. Have
humour, use something familiar about her, tease her in a positive way
not negative to build more attraction.
And ongoing text from her, back and forth, lead to the date.
I did same for 12 guys this week, and they got the date but…

unfortunately, they fuck it up, really fuck it up, I mean SO BAD, you
won’t believe. You know how?
For fuck sake! I even let go of an attractive woman just to show what not
to do! I showed them LIVE how to turn oﬀ attractive in under 3 seconds
ﬂat and they saw the response.
Before she was..
“I want you baby.”
“I want to fuck you to fuck me in the ass (sends photo of her ass)”
“I want you to pound me”
“I will give you a blow job until my lips hurt.”
Then I showed the guys by doing what they do. Man she had amazing
ass, but I had to show to guys how predictable women fucking are and
how so many full of shit. I wanted to show for real how it is a pattern no
matter what woman it is.
So I cringed insided and said what Nice Guys, the chumps say and
moment I did that with her, INSTANTLY, her behaviour towards me
changed.
I mean in seconds!
Immediately, like I just switched something in her head and she said…
“I’m so busy.”
One week goes by no text.
Dissappears to never return again hahaha. Predictable. So damn
predictable.
Even after I showed the guys this on diﬀerent girls, from diﬀerent
countries, diﬀerent cultures, diﬀerent ages……LIVE…the guys still go
back doing the same old shit because the social conditioning in their
head too years.
They questioned my knowledge and expertise, and reverted right back to
chump mode. Yes, they become like the white knight, so gentleman, so
serious, so romantic on ﬁrst date.
They kill it with one sweep.
The moment they do what they do, awkwardiness sets in like they just
farted so loud in front of the woman and she heard it too. Silence as they
pretend nothing happened. Boredom sets in and she don’t know who she
is dating. She thought he was a lover.
Well she would because I coached them through the process just this
once to show that it is their own neediness that’s fucking them up.
After all that hard work man, all that work, they revert back to the same
old ways and screw it all up. It’s ok. I know why. It’s expected but I
sometimes wish, just one guy, one does it ﬁrst time with belief.
I haven’t found that one guy yet.

Not ONE GUY to just trust the process.
If I do ﬁnd one guy who just does what I do without question, I will
celebrate like it’s Christmas.
That’s social conditioning for you.
Men and women hammered by it and it be a miracle if I get one guy to
just do it because I screwed up too, way back in my younger days. I know
what guys go through and I know why girls do what they do. They are
predictable. I roll my eyes at the shit they say and do.
They are predictable even on here, on Quora.
The amount of times I rolled my eyes on what they say here, feels like my
eyes about to drop out of the sockets.
So texting be light hearted, fun, no serious shit. Use role play and
information you gathered from past conversation. Lead it to the date and
make sure you’re being sexual but not so freaking crazy.
Except if you got skills like mine.
I love to show you the text messages I got.
From “Adam, you better fuck me good in ass and pussy. I want you!”
To “You such a cocky bastard. I love it.”
To “Can’t I see you tonight. Come to my place, please. Here’s what’s
waiting for you.” Photo of her shaved pussy and another of her ass.
Now here’s the amazing good news!
All can be learnt. All can be knowledge and skill to learn. So it doesn’t matter if
you’re 30, 40, or 50. It can be learnt.
The second good news. This is a whopper!
You know how you fear rejection and feel insecure sometimes?
Well, guess what?
The same women you’re approaching got a whole bag of insecurities you would
not believe! You approach even the most attractive woman you see, and I promise
you, she will have a whole load of insecurities hidden inside of her.
Don’t fall for that snotty straight face looked.
She’s just like you.
Skin and bones, and tons of worry. Probably more insecurities than you’re own
and enough make up to scrape oﬀ to create a painting!
Don’t get me started with the fuck shoes they wear.
How about that then?
Here you are approaching women, your heart pouncing, worried and right in
front of you is a woman scared shit about approaching men herself.
Why would I be fucking intimidated by her?

I’m the one with the balls and backbone. Doesn’t make her lesser than me but it
puts things into perspective.
Now chin up, shoulders back, smile, grin like a cheeky bastard.
Like when we were kids and they didn’t intimidate us when we threw their
fucking girl toys and told them to fuck oﬀ out of our space, we’re playing here,
and we didn’t worry if she went oﬀ crying to mummy, daddy or her friends.
Behave like that.
MAN. You are approaching. She hasn’t the backbone too and ﬁlled with all sorts
on why she wouldn’t to rationalise all kinds of insecurities.
Women are that terriﬁed too.
You’re no diﬀerent.
Now isn’t that amazing news?
It’s fantastic news.
The sad news?
Most guys going to take a long time to let go of the social conditioning. You need
some guidance, doing small steps ﬁrst until you get rid of the neediness and also
the habits and misconceptions you have with you in regards to dating.
It’s not going to be easy and not because of women.
It be because of your own mindset and set of beliefs. If you’re willing to learn then
you’ll learn but just don’t get pissed oﬀ when you ﬁnd mostly everything you
learnt about women, dating, is a load of bollocks.
Don’t worry about it.
We all been there. It happens.
Chin up. I envy you. You will be like “ah!” and “Oooh” and “Holy shit that works.”
I’ll be like, “Yes, I know. I know.”
“But ADAM! I said the most craziest shit and it worked!”
Yawn. “I know, I know.”
“ADAM! I am sending this text. I’m with her right now, kissing.”
“For fuck sake man, focus on the girl.”
Yes, that’s my life and it’s amazing life because I get these Whatsapp text
messages all around the world.
Oh and this one..
“DUDE! We had sex! Holy shit! And we’re going to resturant now!”
“Will you just focus on the girl. You can tell me this later! It’s 4am in England!”
“Oh sorry. hahaha.”
Yes, I do envy the journey you’re going to go on.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

My ex-girlfriend has not blocked me on any forms of social
media, or deleted any pictures of us. Does this mean anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Blocking or not blocking means nothing.
I blocked plenty of ex because I don’t want to give them hope and I spend time
building myself. So it isn’t immature, it is a very positive strategy if you don’t give
a fuck what someone thinks or have hope to date them again.
I never date an ex again and got too many friends to bitch about how I will lose a
friend. I’m not bothered about such things.
In fact, give me a keyboard and I’ll happily focus on writing and not give a shit
about ex’s. My life is packed and amazing, full of adventure.
Wonderful life for you to waste on why and what if.
It’s not malice or immaturity or desiring them to feel anything.
I like peace, silence, moving on and I move on very fast. The peace that comes
from blocking is awesome because you can focus on your life and someone else.
Plus, I don’t want them invading my space and privacy even though much online
is not that private but it avoids interferance.
I also don’t see social media as a sign for anything except if you’re in the business
to pump up your perceived value.
Best thing is stop looking for hope about getting together because that is the
reason why you’re probably asking this question.
Move on because life is too short on an ex.
Far too short.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I let my bf move in with me after 1 month of dating. Does
anyone have any stories moving this fast with a
boyfriend/husband?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have known girlfriend for about a week and we moved in with each other.
Now 16 years and going strong.
We also realised we’re similar and not interested in following social norms,
traditions and you can know someone for years and they’ll fuck you over.
They will either now or later.
So we don’t fear and we just go for it.
I also date multiple women.
Brill life.
Brill relationships.
Fucking fantastic sex.
Fantastic conversations
And we put the middle ﬁnger to social conditioning nonsense. Yes, there are
women who had enough living to people’s expectation and in fear.
And all that..
“OOooh, all men going for nothing but blah blah blah.”

Imagine what they are passing to their daughters. Fear, insecurities and a whole
lot of baggage. There is wisdom and there is fear.
Much of what I read is fear, from their own experience but here I am, a MAN,
didn’t drop her did I? Didn’t fuck her life up, did I? Didn’t fuck her in pussy, ass
and walked away. Didn’t screw her up ﬁnancially, nop.
Instead her life has become better, enriching and successful due to my
knowledge, experience and her ﬁghting spirit to achieve her own success.
You really think life will always be good and that no one takes you for a ride? Sure,
they be people like that. Life is full of that.
But the question now is…
Will this work for you i.e. you moved in fast?
I don’t know.
It all depends on you both.
Last thing you need is what, why, how from someone else because someone else
could just probably pass on their own insecurities, program, social conditioning,
shit experience of past relationships like it’s the truth.
It’s not.
We make our own truths and we make our choices, we make our decisions.
Some are shit and some are good.
How you will know is through TIME and your quick thinking when red ﬂags kick
oﬀ and you are not bribed by your emotions to prevent making tough decisions.
Either way, you will always have a choice.
That’s what most women here forget.
You always have a choice. So if it goes a bit nuts, you have a choice because you
can know someone for years, and it means sod all. He can be a great pretender for
all you know. Same with women. Met many women who are also pretenders.
It’s not a gender issue.
Many women who are Narcissist and don’t give a shit about anything but
themselves. They are good at manipulating and hiding who they are but time will
tell.
Now, if it’s marriage, well, fuck that.
I won’t jump the gun on that one but then again, I’m not into that kind of thing.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to ask random stranger girls for a kiss?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst step if she is a random girl is to ﬁrst make a connection. You don’t go
around asking random girls for a kiss. Even in a night club scene.
There is a process.
1. You approach
2. You make connection, be fun, light hearted, ﬂirt
3. You converse

4. You qualify. This is where you ask her..
“Beauty is very common. You know how it is, where guys just likes a girl
because of her looks but I like to know about the girl herself. So what 3
best things about you that would make a guy interested in you?”
If she doesn’t answer, don’t bother anymore. Smile, say by and walk
away. You got standards and if she cannot communicate her interest, fair
enough. You’re moving on. If she’s shy, then you got lots of work and be it
really slow. I am not into shy girls so I’d politely walk away.
If she does answer, you can expand to show you have listened and lead
to…
5. Suggesting what can happen by mentioning about places to go etc.
6. You see her response. Positive? Great. You exchange numbers
7. You talk more and walk away
Understand a number is not a date.
You need to build on the attraction and if you suck at that with texting and
phone, well, it might not go down to well.
Also…
Most girls give their number out of politeness and do not like saying no because it
might be awkward for them and fear of guys who can’t take a no. See that from
past experiences from needy, desperate and guys who have no knowledge on
process and self respect.
But also see it as some girls have a bad habit to play hard to get and some say no,
and no, and then yes. Guys do that to. I avoid such girls.
So understand there is a process.
You are skipping lots of them due to maybe immaturity, lack of knowledge and
inexperience. Read, learn and grow.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach a girl in the gym while she has headphones
on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re in a diﬀerent social dynamics. Yes, you can approach but you got to take
into consideration ﬁrst of the social dyanmics within this particular social
environment. I’d love to leave you one word answer but I can’t.
I rarely can and so I have to be detailed about it.
I will give you real live example how I approach the gym but ﬁrst this is very
important to understand what you face.
Every environment has a diﬀerent mood, a diﬀerent rule, a diﬀerent dynamics of
interaction and also diﬀerent logistic problems.
1. If you was in a night club as an example, the social dynamics are
diﬀerent. That doesn’t mean every girl is going to say yes. You just know
you can approach because the social interaction is a bit more open.
2. You also behave diﬀerently in this environment than you would for
example in a place where it’s a social gathering of friends, and a social
gathering with relatives with friends and at a job environment. People do

behave diﬀerently due to diﬀerent environments. The psychology
changes big time and so your approach might need to be instant, or a
little slower, or faster.
3. You take consideration on observing the environment, the purpose of
this environment and even the psychology within this environment.
Example, a night club is designed to up the emotions for interaction, for
sexual attraction, for drinking etc.
4. Night clubs are designed this way and I know it is designed this way
because I worked for years in these settings. The goal of night clubs is
hightening emotions to such a level people let go of inhibitions, drink
more, interact more, dance etc.
Same with the Gym.
It’s no diﬀerent.
The gym will be diﬀerent to a night club and the street, cafe, resturant and you
need to step back a moment to understand you cannot approach the same way
you would in street or night club.
There are things at play and you may not see it but everyone is observing
everyone either consciously or unconsciously.
Second, there are policies at play here too.
The logistics issues in which you’re at a place that you have signed up for
membership, so you don’t want to create problems for yourself to get banned.
This is one of the training I get guys to do.
To choose places they’d go most often, stick to them, to observe and familiarize
themselves on the obstacles and think about the solutions. To observe the
environment at a diﬀerent level and to build more perceived value ﬁrst.
THE GYM
Is a slow pace approach. This is going to be diﬃcult for an average guy who has
low perceiced value. It is the reason why guys bitch about how being single might
be the option. They have no perceived value.
They lack social status value.
By that - their own behaviour has been lacking which will build the resources that
increases the perceieved value to others.
Since they don’t have any, it is much harder.
They have very low perceived value.
They were selﬁsh in only giving a shit about their life to get jobs, money,
whatever and not enough ﬁrst building and connecting with other people.
For years they have done fuck all and when they get to 20–30–40 years all, they
now got to do so much work and they see such work as rules, and bitch about how
hard it is, and question is it worth it.
The rules have always been there.
The dynamics have always been there.
The psychology has always been there.
So what the hell have they been doing in not learning all this?
They have to now learn a LOT of stuﬀ, gain LOTS of experience and it is
frustrating because while most of us got the idea at a young age and built our

perceived value and our resources which made dating in any environment
easier…many guys have to do this when they are in their 30s, 40s.
For them it’s like climbing the Mount Everest.
They got to learn a lot, curse their predessors and anyone who foolishly advised
them there are no rules, cram a whole lot of work, get rid of a whole lot of baggage
and insecurities…at…the…same…time!
That’s one helluva learning curve.
I won’t want that for my enemies never mind a friend.
It is hell for a lot of men and women too who haven’t got this ﬁgured out. I am not
shocked by the vast number on my skype sessions that didn’t get this sorted long
ago in their younger years.
They fell trap to the nonsense that you be yourself and all will be ﬁne. Yes, fuck
the rules that exist in every crevise of this world.
Well, if you say “fuck social norm rules” that’s ﬁne but if you say “fuck you” to the
psychological going on in these social environments then people will behave with
you like this….
“Fuck you then if you don’t care about my fears and insecurities. If you don’t
know what’s important to me in world and how it aﬀects me then fuck you!”
So anyone telling you there are no psychological rules at play, you’re being ill
advised. Try. Go to the top night clubs and try, you will be blown out in every
interaction and seen as someone with no social intuition.
Try at high social events.
Try in the streets.
Try even in small social settings with friends and their friends.
Try at the gym and you’ll see what I mean.
You will waste your time and lots of people will avoid you because you didn’t
know the psychological rules that kill the social vibe and interaction
immediately.
The Gym is a place where the psychology is diﬀerent and your approach must not
be about focusing on the girls ﬁrst.
Instead, ﬁrst become valuable to this social environment.
You demonstrate your leadership.
You demonstrate you’re not some guy who comes to pick up girls but a guy who
takes his training seriously. You’re eyes forward, focused, training and be
consistent in going to the gym.
Next, develop trust and you do that ﬁrst by consistently going to the gym and
build rapport not with the girls but the Gym Instructors.
The next you need to build rapport with other guys who consistently go to the
gym because all these interaction reveals….
A) You have social value here
B) People in the know, know you
C) You’re trusted
D) You’re safe
E) You stand out from the rest of the guys
This is your ﬁrst role in the gym after focusing on your own training.

Get to know the gym instructors.
Be seen talking with them all. Be known by them all and be that guy who is
respected by the instructors/coaches.
Next, be helpful to the community.
Be that guy who helps people without looking at their gender. You see someone
lost, confused, needs help, be helpful. Just don’t be too helpful
Do it once and just say if you’re around, need help, ask away. Just let them know
you be training and wait when you ﬁnished a set. They’ll respect you for letting
them know and it makes it less awkward for them to ask for help.
Never do what I have seen few do on Quora and other forums.
Downing someone’s answer like they know shit. No one likes that guy who thinks
he is above the community and who tries to belittle others answers.
Plus, you might ﬁnd one person who got balls to tell you to shut the fuck up.
There are those who are willing to stand up for themselves.
Same in the Gym.
Dont mock other people because they are beginners or for any reason. Just focus
on bringing value to the table.
One who isn’t yearning for validation doesn’t need to negatively comment about
authors when giving answers. Go and create your own answer.
That’s the same in the gym.
If you got nothing good to say in gym, say nothing.
Next, be helpful to the coaches.
Don’t leave weights around which you have used. Always clean up. Take also a
towel with you and wipe. You wont believe how coaches watch for this and some,
not all, but some do appreciate you taking the time to do it.
If you got time and weights around and even if you haven’t used them, help to put
these away. I do that too.
You won’t believe how this alone diﬀerentiates you from all rest who don’t give a
shit. Banging weights down, walking away and out they go.
Increase your perceived value ﬁrst.
Show not tell, to project leadership behaviour. Help people who like to be helped
and be sociable with people. Create positive social vibe.
Be that guy who everyone looks forward to seeing and when they see you, you’re
bring value, positive vibe and encouragement.
Your Mindset Regarding Girls
Don’t be like most guys who always believe the “one.”
You are in a Gym and so you must have grown, learnt this mindset and got rid of
most of neediness and fantasy that there is this “one” girl.
In doing so, you’re not focused on one girl.
You’re not worried another guy is going for her.
Let that neediness and desperation go. It’s fucked your life up with dating enough
times. It’s now time to grow.

You know plenty of girls will come who are as attractive as her.
Next, observe logistics.
They are training
Most girls got headphones on
Policy of gym
You go to this gym every week
Timing
Her routine
Observe, collect your thought and strategise
Now we got over these important parts I can share what I did personally but do
take all the above into consideration.
If I didn’t add the above you won’t know why I approached the Gym diﬀerently to
a Night Club, Cafes, Supermarkets and the Streets. It was important to ﬁrst get
that out of the way.
Here’s the process that lead to the date:
1. I joined gym.
2. I started training and after two weeks I saw a woman there.
3. She had headphones on. This is a big hint for you to not approach. Don’t
approach her. This is not the time to do so.
4. I didn’t stare at her but focused on my training.
5. I focused more on getting known in the gym and I didn’t worry about
someone guy who were approaching her. I just focused on the training.
6. In the 5th month all the gym instructor knew me well and she would see
me talking with them, we’d laugh together, we’d talk a lot. I knew this
one girl goes here consistently but she wasn’t the only one.
7. Then one day she got coached by one of the gym instructors and after
they did that, I walked over, smiled and said, “how did it go. He’s tough
one isn’t he but you did well?” Had a laugh with the coach too and all
three talked and…
8. This sparked a conversation and I asked “you stretching to warm down
as I am going there too.” So we headed over to the mat area and stretched
as we talked. That’s where I ﬂirted a little, was fun, we had a laugh and…I
suggested something and got her number.
9. From there it was the same process I use for building on attraction,
texting, leading to the phone, leading to the date.
So the key is don’t disturb when she’s training with headphones. Don’t disturb
when she’s in middle of her sets.
Instead, ﬁrst focus in building your resources inside the Gym.
This is not a night club fast pace, street etc but if you do the same way with Night
Clubs, you will ﬁnd your success will increase.
I have done same with Night Clubs and other environments. All if it helps
you because a lot of it is about social skills, connecting with other people
and in doing so, you build your own perceived and absolute value.
This is a Gym, slow pace and so you will see her again and again. You might not in
a gym. I have seen many quit a few months of going to the gym.

This is the same approach you would use at your Job.
You’re job environment is slow pace.
If you beling to some religious like church, then again, slow pace.
If business, again slow pace but can be fast if it’s a conference. Conference and
you won’t see her again and so, you need to act fast.
See what I mean?
Understand the environment, logistics, timing, etc.
One thing that has helped no matter what social environment.
I always have options.
I do most of my approaches outside work and gyms. That gives me options to take
it slow and easy when it comes to such places as Gym as it’s a diﬀerent type of
social dynamics.
I am not talking to one girl or texting one girl. I have many. I am dating multiple
women. Options.
I am not concerned as most guys why a girl hasn’t responded with text. I have a
lot of text coming anyway from other girls.
Trust me, when you got 5 girls texting you, you won’t be needy.
We dating for a year before she left to ﬂy to Switzerland.
S0 it’s not about don’t it.
It’s about understanding the environment you’re in. Appreciate the other
person’s space. Don’t make it awkward for them.
They may worry other’s are watching.
They also may not have time and want to train and get out.
Be patient more in these environment, focus on your training, don’t do what
other guys do by staring much with girls.
Yes, they got amazing asses, tits and pussy.
Not a big deal.
Plenty outside the Gym if you’re in a hurry.
This is a diﬀerent environment with diﬀerent logistic and psychological
challenges. Appreciate all these and make it easier for the other person not
diﬃcult but most of all:
Make it easier for yourself.
You’ll be more conﬁdent
You’ll have a better interaction.
You’ll build rapport eﬀectively
You’ll be respected by coaches.
You’ll make ton of friends in the gym.
Girls will be more open to want to get know you
I know the ahove may seem a lot of work but appreciate it is a lot of work because
the person didn’t get this done when younger. They have to now start fresh in
building their perceived value, resources and credibility from scratch.

Additionally - they got to learn dating this, dating that, sort their own
insecurities, fears, perception, know their blind spots and on top.
Imagine - all this at the same time!
That’s why it seems a lot to do but it’s not.
It’s work, lessons that weren’t done ages ago but now the person needs to do them
to make it easier for themselves.
They have avoided doing them or didn’t know they need to.
Ignorance unfortunately is no excuse.
It’s bliss but only for someone wanting to blame society, world, women, men and
whatever to rationalise whatever they want.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do Arab men prefer skinny women or curvy women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m Arab and it will depend on the guy as I see Arabs prefer diﬀerent. Personally, I
like a woman who is slim but has ass and tits, so she curvey with ass and breasts,
has cute face, and long ﬂowing hair.
Into tall red heads and blondes.
But I also date curveous women too, who are not tall but not fat.
What will get my attention is slim, tall, white red head and blondes with what I
said above.
But all Arabs are diﬀerent and I’m more westernised as I have lived in England
mostly all my life and I travel world.
Now that’s visual but I also got to have..
1. She isn’t sexually insecure
2. She is high sexual driven as I am
3. Likes to travel as I do travel world, like now I travelled to Spain, Paris and
next time I want to go to Italy/Rome/Florence, Brazil etc. That’s the
diﬃcult part. Finding someone very high sexual, adventureous, likes to
travel, and has a personality that’s kind, compassionate. I can’t stand
loud arrogant types of girls. Just not for me. I like femininty a lot.
So it’s not just the look.
Look will get me the attention but most of the the time, the three points above I
mentioned don’t happen and so I just walk away. It be a waste of my time and so I
move on.
14.4k Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy know a girl is out of his league without
knowing much about her or talking to her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I used to know this girl. Loved her accent but most of all her personality. She
always tells it as it is and made me laugh too. She would say…
“Yes, yes, I know people say that there is no leagues but that doesn’t mean shit in
real world with people pounded with images of women with tits and ass, and

conditioned to think someone is out of their league. It is there, it exists and so,
saying it don’t exist is like saying men and women don’t have insecurities, fears,
expectations…”
So it’s not going to solve anything when saying it don’t exist when it does because
for one person it’s not real but for majority, it’s as real as 10 inch dick or a smooth
shaved pussy.
So I like to keep this real and not some motivational speech..
1. Because she’s very attractive, with the amazing ass, tits and attractive
face
2. Because she is dressed in a way that shows her curves
3. Because she hangs around with other attractive people
4. Because she comes from a wealthy and inﬂuential background
5. Because she’s one of the top cheerleaders
6. Because she’s a champion sports player
7. Because she is perceived smarter
8. Because she is perceived to have higher social status
It is always visual.
So a guy sees a girl, tall, curveous, looking hot, sexy, with the rest of the package
and that would do it.
But we all know it is due to a guy’s own self esteem issues, his own insecurities
but we cannot just say..
“it don’t exist.”
Since it is visual, it is due to social conditioning.
Lots of stories, books, what other people say on how average guys or most guys
will never date good looking girls like them, because blah blah. On top, you got
the movies, you got peers, you got who you associate with and most of all, and
this is BIGGIE…..they lack real life reference examples.
So she was in a way spot on.
It don’t exist but it doesn’t mean it’s not real for a lot of guys and girls. The
insecurities are real. The fear and social programming will always play a part
until the guy experiences more and has real life references where he dates such
girls.
Unfortunately, most will never get out of the comfort zone.
They’ll always believe their own lies and the myths to fears that come from social
conditioning.
8.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Valeryie Seeth

What is the real reason girls want to stay friends after they
dump you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be many things and I’ll name a few:
1. Girls will be attracted to what is in their mind. So in her mind, you do not
ﬁt what she perceived as a lover romantic type but more of a platonic
friend. That which is in her mind which creates the chemistry.
Chemistry isn’t something that’s magically happens. There is already

existing map in her mind what she is sexually attracted to. You do not ﬁt
the map.
2. It can be you’re behaviour. She may at ﬁrst be curious, but due to your
own behaviour which does not excite her, which is nothing more than
comfort - she has framed it in her mind that it’s best to be friend and
beneﬁt from the emotional support. Also her own perception on what
she thinks a lover will make her feel like and if she doesn’t get that
feeling, then her needs are not satisﬁed to want to move on.
3. Third, compatibility. This isn’t about education, job , career etc. It is
about her attitude that she desires you and she can work with you to
make it work. Unfortunately, she doesn’t.
4. There could be other reasons - she may have found someone else she is
interested in and so she is pursuing him. She will get the physical and
sexual, and you give her the emotional support as a friend.
5. Or she sees relationship in a diﬀerent way than you and with diﬀerent
needs, goals, path which she cannot see can be done with you.
Now what do you do?
Dont spend time thinking why and move on.
I personally don’t spend time wondering why and what if. Instead best to move
on and keep going until you ﬁnd someone who is compatible with you.
It happens a lot. It’s not new.
It won’t be the ﬁrst. People go in and out of relationship for many reasons but the
top one is chemistry. It’s all in her unconscious mind. All those chemicals. If
these don’t happen and happen often enough, forget it.
She will desire the New Relationship Feeling.
You have a choice to say no to friendship if you like.
After all, you need to think about yourself the way she has done the same, in
thinking about herself and what she wants. She didn’t give a fuck about
what you wanted and so, why give a shit what she wanted.
What she wants isn’t as important now to what you want.
If you don’t want to be friends with her, don’t feel obligated to say yes and say no
to move on.
Nothing wrong with that at all.
72.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sujan Shakya

There's a girl I like so much, but she had a jerk boyfriend who's
ruined their relationship 3 times. She still went back to him.
How do I get her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Someone mentioned you’re a serious lover.
They got some fucked up idea what a lover is. You’re not a lover to this girl. You’re
a needy guy who has no options and due to that, has to wait for a girl who has left
the guy and gone back to him 3 times.
You’re story isn’t new.
We know so many guys like this as if it’s sad Christmas everyday.

You are the guy who..
1. She tells you all these sad stories while she goes back secretly to have
him fuck her and she rides him
2. She comes to you because you give her attention, the emotional support
while this guy gives her the excitement, the rush, the pussy pounding
and throbbing.
3. She comes to you because you are not a challenge while this guy is a
challenge, and so she goes back hoping she can ﬁx him, while you tell
her how perfect you are, and doing all the perfect things which goes
against the wiring of girls that want lovers not stability.
4. She comes to you because you are stability, a standby, she will never
touch but you are there anyway if the worse happens. That means, when
she has had enough of him, she will deviate from dating you, keep you as
an emotional support because she doesn’t want to lose all the FREE
attention, and ﬁnd another lover who will do same to her, and another
and another, until she has been fucked so many times, got hurt many
times, her biological clock ticking, panic sets in and so…”got to ﬁnd
stability as I am not young anymore,” and if….if….IF….you’re lucky…she
might invite you as the best man of the guy she will marry :)
So messages to all the White Knights…
Cinderalla, Beauty, Beauty and the Beast and Sleeping Beauty where you save the
princess from the awful witch/evil wizard or ogre is a myth.
It sells.
Makes money.
Many like to hope it happens this way but it rarely does.
She won’t be clapping her red shoes toegther 3 times and leave The land of Oz to
run into your arms and say, “I want you! You! My saviour.”
Nor a kiss is going to wake her up from the deep sleep.
It’s not real.
Talk to your dicks lads, tell it to stop getting you into trouble with wasting time on
girls who got a whole load of crap to clean up.
Dating ain’t easy. Life ain’t easy.
But working it with a girl who is emotionally hooked on some guy, and saying he’s
such a bad man, and yet she goes back for his dick is not just hard but dumb.
She craves and addicted to the feeling this guy gives her. It’s dramatic. It’s up and
down like a rollerocaster. It’s thrilling.
You’re the comfort.
He’s the attraction.
You’re the emotional support.
He’s the thrill of the chase and bang bang, and the climatic as they both have sex,
and whoooosh. Up and down, round and round it goes.
You have what we call Oneitis.
Follow the sign post and wake up…

I really love this girl and I want to spend a lot of time with her. Her schedule is too
full for us to hang out. What should I do?
You either going to learn the easy way or hard way.
Most guys always learn the hard way.
I hope you’re diﬀerent but I’m not putting much on that because I hear it all time.
It’s like a disease. Guys rationalise it’s all about her, the girl, and the ogre is out to
get her, and he must save her from the evil witch and wizard, after he slain the
Ogre.
He is doing it to save her.
But really “I want to get into her pants.”
No matter how I explain it I will get the usual reply:
“But…but…it’s not like that. You see blah blah blah.”
You’re life.
Fuck it up if you like with Oneitis.
I don’t save people nor make decisions for them.
They can do that all on their own.
She has 3 times and you still don’t listen to life giving you the red ﬂags. She made
her decision but it seems you’re not listening except to your ego.
Thats oneitis for you.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do the girls like the calm and sober-minded boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t drink. I’m sober all the fucking time but let’s get down to it because I
personally, going to answer questions like this, one last time.
You’re going to ﬁnd…
1. Girls like quiet types.
2. Girls like loud types
3. Girls like sober types
4. Girls like calm types
5. Girls like assholes types
6. Girls like jerk types
7. Girls like guys who are abusive
8. Girls like guys who are not abusive
9. Girls like tall
10. Girls like short
11. Girls like bald
12. Girls like average looking
13. Girls like a guy with 10 inch dick
14. Girls like a guy with 3 inch dick
15. Girls like religious

16. Girls like guys who just want sex
17. Girls like guys who want relationship
You see what I am getting at here?
Girls go for FEELINGS.
Not details.
Not speciﬁc.
Not ﬁgures.
Not even content.
They can say they like tall but I met girls taller than me, and we still dated. There
were girls who into guys who drink and party, but when I wasn’t that, I dated
these girls. There are girls like some on Quora who act like bitches but I conversed
with them and they become passive, easy to get along and we have fun. Uzually
they like that for attention in front of crowd or to act all that. You’d ﬁnd most of
these girls on Tinder giving guys headache with bullshit ego replies. Like they
don’t give a shit but really, if the guy knows how to handle himself, turn them on,
they ﬁnd themselves become jellies and can’t help to desire the guy.
Girls would say they like good looking but when I talked and made their pussy
wet with skill, knowledge using conversation and behaviour - they dated me.
Girls said they are not into Arabs but they dated me and I am Arab. They got a
shock of their life how it is so diﬀerent to what media shows. It’s funny. They
expect me to be religious and all that “women shouldn’t do this. You must do
that.” But there are Arabs who do not follow social norms, cultures, traditions,
and some of us are more westernized and open than even the western folks. They
get a surprise when they hear out accent. It’s spot on British and we are masters at
building sexual rapport and cocky as hell, fun to be with but not passive
aggressive.
So what is it I found?
I discovered, guys who ask this question don’t really approach girls much, if ever.
They haven’t a wealth of reference at all from real life of dating girls and much of
their life have been living in the comfort zone.
Probably teenage guy or 40 year old virgin who never did much with being
proactive and invested in knowledge in this matter.
Like most teens and men, who believe if you’re not attractive it won’t happen and
even these guys, advise girls/women that if they are not good looking…guys won’t
approach.
And yet, you’re telling me average girls are not dating?
I see tons of them dating guys
I see average looking guys dating girls.
When I asked these girls who approached who, I ﬁnd it is the girls because they
dress in a manner that makes an average girl look sexy, attractive, conﬁdent and
with positve attitude, it attracts.
You won’t believe what clothes can do to a girl.
Even the magic of socialising and she, an average looking girl can win hands
down amongst pretty girls because pretty girls are mostly insecure, waiting for
guys to approach and worried what other guys thinks.

So you get advised by guys who really haven’t got much self reference
themselves and that includes women advising too.
When I was 14 and if I put every type of guy on wall, I knew, there are guys who
would date them.
Why?
Because girls go for….looks ﬁrst.
But….feelings wins hands down.
They will judge you in the beginning but moment you let it rip and you’re got the
skills, things suddenly change. You’re chances in increases and it’s the girls who
are qualifying for your attention.
You need to embrace reality that everyone sees the look ﬁrst. You can’t fall for the
bullshit people say about how they see personality ﬁrst.
Since you know this, then you get better at the social skills and conﬁdent to build
attraction rapport.
So attitude plays a huge part and it is attitude most mess up in with girls. That’s
same with girls. Most of them have a stinking attitude. Like they don’t care about
being polite to guys even on Tinder conversation.
Their attitude about themselves stinks.
If you have seen average guys or girls get dates then you learn:
1. They approached over 500 girls/and girls approached less guys but still
more than most girls ever world.
2. They have invested knowledge on psychology
3. They’ve invested in social skills
4. They’ve invested in conversation skills
5. They’ve invested in building rapport skills
6. They invested in a coach to go out with them or skype sessions but from
guys who do this every week and I do this every damn week, it’s a
lifestyle I love, and it’s part of who I am. But go and ﬁnd someone in your
locality or ﬁnd a good friend whose real good at this and learn from him.
If you’re average looking, invest in the skills.
If you’re average looking, look after your health and overall appearances better
than many guys out there.
If you’re average looking, do things that build conﬁdence; like socialising alot in
the passion you like, where tons of people similar into what you’re into will be
there. Put yourself out there and leave the internet alone. Do more of that which
gets you out there to meet new people all the time.
If you’re average looking, build a strong positive attitude and outlook in life.
If you’re average looking, or whatever, the way to achieve success in anything, is
do what most guys won’t do. Invest in knowledge and skills to help you, and learn
from someone in your area who knows what they are doing.
You will then ﬁnd, all is in your head and the question you asl are reveals you do
not have examples or references from real live experience.
You just need a few references to see much of what society tells you and yourself
is all in the mind.

I have lots of references from real life experience and I know, all type of guys can
attract girls.
If I wasn’t average looking and dating attractive women, and who doesn’t drink, is
always, calm type but storm when I need to be, I won’t believe what I am saying to
you right now but I do because I am living this life.
I came from poor background.
I came from low class background.
I came from a diﬀerent country and in a western country.
I was skinny, slim and had awful dress sense.
Much of the battle was my own mind.
Half of the battle, 95% is the guys does not believe in themselves and cannot
believe, that girls will be interested in them.
You know the deal..
“Oh she is out of my league,” whispering in your mind.
Sadly, that is due to their own upbringing, the environment they are in, not good
parenting, no role model in life to show their potential, not enough reading the
right stuﬀ, reading and watching the wrong stuﬀ, manu habits that makes one
hidden and invisible. Add on top, social conditioning.
Fortunately, you can learn the skill and gain the experience, but it will be tough at
ﬁrst. I am not kidding you.
It will be tough but you get tougher, better, smarter.
First start with this..
“There is a woman for any type of guy and I know 100% that is so. So I am going to
build myself from the inside and go and approach just for fun. Approach, let go of
the outcome and just have fun.”
Instead of approaching to get some - approach to engage and bring value to girls.
Instead of approaching to ask for a date - approach to bring excitement.
Instead of approaching to ask for a number - walk away leaving the person with a
better feeling than they had before meeting you.
Build the value inside of you.
Realise you matter on this fucking earth when much of it seemed to say you
don’t.
The moment you think like that, you let go of all the pressure.
Forget even about dating.
Forget sex.
Forget about relationship.
Forget all these 3 for one year.
Let go of the pressure and approach everything as learning to build you from the
inside and the inside will take care of the outside.
If you avoid doing it with such mindset:

You will be too needy, doing things to seek validation and always afraid to say
what you need to say and be a push over due to pussy on a pedestal.
It’s not going to happen if you’re asking this question.
You need one year of doing just that to sharpen your social instinct, conﬁdence
because no book can give you that. None.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I increase my crush's comfort when I'm around her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not much high value.
You have very low conﬁdence to want to build comfort without ﬁrst attraction. I’ll
give you a hint..
1. Ask her out
2. Ask her out
3. Ask her out
Value, real value is behaviour.
You are found wanting in this area because you haven’t even built on attraction in
minutes and asked her out.
Men of value know their status comes from conﬁdent behaviour and you, are
focusing on comfort.
Men of value do this..
Attraction, Qualifying, Comfort built on dating with sprinkle of attraction
This is men who lack value
Comfort > comfort > comfort > comfort = platonic friendship. Playing safe.
Why?
Fear of rejection
Men of great value embrace rejection as a sign to move on faster and approach
someone else.
Your mistake is typical of an average guy who fears rejection.
No high value because value or high status is in his behaviour. You’re behaviour is
passive-aggresive.
That translated to women as a man who believes he’s not worth being loved, has
low self worth and low self esteem.
That’s why I say..
“I don’t believe in what people say but what they do or don’t do. Their actions or
lack of, with consistenct will reveal who they really are.”
You just revealed who you are.
Man who feels low in value and got her on a pedestal to want to build comfort
rather than approaching head on and asking her out.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

My ex gf left me to focus on herself and I overreacted and yelled
at her and now she doesn't want to talk to me. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing.
You want to do things to have hope for her to come back?
She don’t want the relationship and probably will be dating some guy later on, or
already found someone.
Just move on and learn to control your frame.
Invest time on yourself and also approaching someone else because guys who
orbit around ex’s, hoping they’d get back together are emotionally draining. Plus
there is negativity so distance yourself.
Go and better yourself in your life.
No use spending time investing on someone who doesn’t understand that
breaking up is upsetting. Yes it was best to keep composture but hey, she ditched
you with some lame ass excuse that it’s about investing in herself that being
honest about it. That she’s not into you anymore.
Rarely people tell truth and look for some lame ass excuse to sound legit about it.
Like people don’t fdate ore in a relationship and running business, dreams etc.
Get the message?
Move on.
She found her excuse to nail it in and that shows, there wasn’t much there
anyway for her to not talk to you over this.
It would have been something else if not this.
Move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell a girl is using me only when she needs me?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know because..
1. She calls for you to meet her but it’s always doing her shit then 10 mins or
so later, she has to go home.
2. She always asks you for money
3. She complains you’re not making much money because blah blah blah
4. She puts you down in front of people
5. She doesn’t show aﬀection to you when around people, including her
friends, co-workers or relatives.
6. She keeps you’re relationship with her a secret.
7. You don’t ever meet her friends and relatives
8. Treats you like you’re a bank
9. You never kiss
10. You never have sex

11. She makes the smallest things into a dramatic argument.
12. Because your guts is screaming “LEAVE HER!” But you don’t because
you like her ass, and waiting to taste her pussy. You got oneitis. Got her
high up on a pedestal.
13. Always telling you their thoughts without taking yours into
consideration. Talk a lot of shit in a condensing way
14. They are unhelpful and don’t bother thinking about how to help you. I
don’t mean ﬁnance.
Now the real question is..
How do you feel?
Does she makes you feel shit?
Does she make you feel down?
Let her fucking go and ﬁnd someone who makes you feel awesome. You know
when someone is using you but due to neediness, seeking validation and
approval, you don’t stand up for yourself.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

I saw a guy twice and I can't stop thinking about him. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget should. You want to because should is saying to me, what you should do in
regards to what social norms and tradition says.
I say fuck social norms and traditions.
It is the bane when it comes to attraction and dating. Instead, ask yourself what
do you want. Since you are attracted to this guy then…
1. Pick up the phone
2. Call him
3. Don’t confess shit like love and all that
4. Instead say “Hey, I was walking and saw this place and thought of you. I
thought I’d call and we can go together because I like to get to know you,
cause I like you but don’t know enough about you. So what you like on
wednesday or thursday 7pm to check this place out? It be fun.”
Now listen.
If he gives some “ooh busy” and “erms, buts, you know he isn’t interested. You
didn’t spill your guts. You only told him you like him, and you want to go out and
get to know him.
So go and do that.
Make sure he knows you like him and you want to ﬁnd out more.
That way you don’t waste time and he doesn’t see it as some hang out friend kind
of thing.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl wears a backless dress on the
ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Aug 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Man oh man. How you missed a great opportunity to make a woman feel
amazing. The shit I could have done that night if that was me.
And yes, I love it when women show their back. Sexy. Shows she got conﬁdence in
her own self image.
l be more concerned about more important issues like capturing her emotions,
arousing her until her pussy gets wet from the conversation and physical touch.
I’ll stay away from doing what inexperienced guys do, small talk and random
crappy questions about job, work, interest.
I’d ﬁsh for information what turns her on and ﬁgure out other things to use for
humour to make each other laugh, have fun.
I won’t give a shit about her back but more about making the night one helluva,
sexy night and yes…I’d touch her sexy back and whisper..
“Do you know what they say about women who show their back?”
“What do they say?”
“They are conﬁdent, secure, got passion and if I touch right here (moving my
ﬁngers down her back), can you feel that electricity?”
“Yes.”
“And do you feel this too.”
“Yes.”
“Now close your eyes, relax. Can you feel your whole body pulsating with energy.”
“OMG! Yes.”
“That’s called a connection which you don’t feel with any guy except one your
whole body resonates with. (pointing to yourself without being so obvious). You
know what that means?”
“No, what does it mean?”
“The night is young. Let’s ﬁnd out.” Wink. Smile. Take her hand and lead.
And as we walk I will escalate her feelings with..
“Do you remember the ﬁrst time you ever fell in love with a guy?”
“Yes”
“Remember the feeling you had?”
“Yes.”
“Explain to me the feeling.”
“(she explains)”
“As you said, you felt it in your stomache (touch her lightly as we walk), swirling
around like this. Then that feeling went from your kneck (stroke her kneck as we
sit down on a bench) it later traveled down your back, then your waiste. You could
feel it even in your throat. Like you’re sucking at a rasberry in your mouth,
swishing and swirling around your tongue, until the enthralling and exciting
pulsating….throbbbing…. feeling was so much that like the rasperry….you sucked
the juice out of it because you just had to get a taste of the juice right now. The
feeling is like this (and my ﬁngers will run through her arm slowly.) Is this what
you felt?”
“YES!”
“And you wished the guy to stop playing safe, to just hold you closer (me bringing
her closer slowly) and you’re mind is like ‘Yes! I want this!” and you’re
anticipating and desiring to want him to bring you even closer. Like this. You got
to touch his lips and you know he (pointing to myself) won’t judge you (pointing
to her by stroking her hair or cheek gently), and you let go, the way you are…
right….now, because you feel the connection between you (pointing to her) and
the guy (pointing to me without making it so obvious). Then like a dream, like
magic, the way it suppose to be…..meant to be….you kiss…like this..”
Yes, I’ll be milking that shit like Zeus.

You focused more on her back and small talk, and not enough I bet on connecting
with her and being a lover.
Next time, do that.
Focus on her. Demonstrate you’re a man who is conﬁdent than the usual small
talk. Use everything around you and even what she wears. She is with you for the
experience so give her an experience that she won’t forget. So much so, she be
pounding her pillow up and down while calling out your name.
Forget why she bares her back and focus more on capturing her emotions.
Let her walk away with her pussy wet and.,
“Holy shit. What just happened. He turned me on!”
22.9k Views · View Upvoters

How often should I text a girl who I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Who is the girl? I need context.
You see if you approached like most guys, playing safe by asking a girl for her
phone number without showing intent you’re attracted to her, then this changes
everything.
Yes it matters.
So how did you get her phone number.
If you didn’t approach to show intent ﬁrst
If you didn’t ﬂirt ﬁrst and behave as a lover
If you didn’t converse to ﬁnd out more about her
If you didn’t qualify her, (more on that below) then…
Correct this behaviour.
1. Approach to show intent. Flirt. 1–2 mins. Be light hearted, fun.
2. Qualify. This tells a girl you’re not just interested in her body, looks, sex
but in her. She must show interest in you. Like this…
“Beauty is very common which is why I like to go out, date girls who have
much more to oﬀer than their looks. After all, it’s just genes. You know
how guys just go for the look but I want to know, what would make a guy
(point to yourself without making it so obvious) in you. So what 3 best
things about you that would make a guy take interest in you.”
If she doesn’t answer, if she plays hard to get, if she doesn’t work to show
why you invest time on her, walk the fuck away. Girl knows why you’re
asking. They can play dumb or whatever all they like. They KNOW why
you ask and so, if she don’t answer, show excitement, passion, she isn’t
interested in you. And if she is shy, you’re not her therapist. Walk away
from her and approach someone else later on.
If she does answer…
3. Picture in her mind what can happen.
“You look like someone who enjoy seeing the sights, I know a party
happening next week, but I also know this place (explain it brieﬂy), how
that sound?”

She’ll tell you yes or give suggesstions what she’s into. Use it for later.
4. Get her number. Give her your phone to add it and you add yours to hers.
Add “I hope you’re fun with text as you are face to face.” Smile.
5. Now talk for a min and walk away.
6. Text to build attraction. Be fun, light hearted. Take something from what
she said to you and use it as a call back humour using text.
7. She responds. Text her back again, a few hours later.
8. Don’t go crazy texting for response. Bring value, fun. Be busy with your
life. Give distance. Not every day and not for hours. Use few words.
9. If she doesn’t respond. Give two days to 3 days and send.
10. If she doesn’t respond. Wait a week and send.
11. If she doesn’t respond, move on.
12. But if she responds and frequency of her text increases then…time to
escalate to next phase. You must always move to the phases to achieve
the goal.
A) To build rapport/attraction~
B) Lead to the date.
Know the goal and don’t be afraid to lead.
“Hey, let’s talk on phone because texting is so lame. Call you in 5 mins?”
She might say in an hour or in evening etc. It’s no problem.
Make the call convienient for both of you.
When you do call immediately share value, be fun. Share something exciting you
did, even if it’s reading a book and what you learnt, make it fun. Just don’t call
like boring guys with interview questions.
Additional advise to be sure…
A) Make sure that the approach is sorted by showing intent.
Many don’t do that and mess up because everyone now sending hints and mixed
signals. You can waste a lot of time on girls who just want attention.
That is why you show intent quickly and in the beginning of your approach.
B) Know from the beginning she’s interested and if not - then be smart.
There is no use investing time texting a girl when you can approach other girls to
attract one who is interested to date you.
C) The faster you learn to move on from someone who isn’t going to show
vulnerability or who isn’t interested in you, the faster you get a date.
D) Get real good at identifying in the beginning who isn’t interested, who is to
focus on and who has her head up her ass trying to be some bitch. Don’t stand for
that crap from any girl.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

My crush is a player who goes after very attractive women.
Should I accept that he is out of my league?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, don’t accept but recognise this.
Most see me as a player because I say no to relationship with most women. I have
fuckbuddies, I have long term relationships and I have women for sex and I’m
gone. That doesn’t mean the girl is not attractive.
It means I don’t want a relationship with her.
At ﬁrst I date girls, we go out and yes, have sex. Now if any cause me drama,
knowing I don’t want relationship and they keep wanting that, I drop them.
Those who are still with me and I enjoy myself with them, they go one up. They
become regurlar girls I meet and fuck.
If any of them don’t give me shit and drama, like most do who I drop, they
become long-term partners.
So always, I say to women I am not looking for anything serious and I do so,
because I’m not. I don’t know the girl and I’m not going to promise shit as I know,
the one thing in a woman’s mind is….framing it into a relationship.
Plenty of needy guys who promise that on ﬁrst date.
I don’t.
So, the guy might not want a relationship with the girl right now but maybe if
there is a deep connection, positive experience, sex is fucking amazing, he can do
whatever with her and even go and fuck other women, and he’s back….he
realises,
“Looks like she’s someone who can take who I am.”
That for a player is HUGE.
So he will then lead it to a relationship. You will know because what I do is..
1. You meet my friends
2. You meet my relatives
3. You stay at my home
4. You move in together
With an understanding you know he’s a player in the perception way society is
trained to know what a player is.
The world says I am a player.
I don’t call myself as one.
I see myself as a man with sexual desires, with values of my own, with lifestyle
and rules I live by, and if some don’t like it….it’s ﬁne.
I won’t change for anyone.
That’s even if I am in a long-term relationship. The diﬀerence is I am far from
most people who are in monagamy relationship.
I don’t need to lie.
I don’t need to cheat.
I don’t need to pretend.
If I want to date someone else, and fuck a woman, planet is full of women who
will say yes, and the women I am with don’t care about that. As long I am not
lying, cheating which I am not.

There are players, who do look for relationship too but with a certain type of girl.
So it might not be him and it might not be the next guy, or the guy after that but
you will later be able to see there are players, who do want relationship.
I am in relationship right now. 16 years +.
She knows I see other women, have sex with other women and sometimes, she
will also have sex with them…with me.
She knows who I am, understands my values, similar to my values and knows, I
fucking hate jealousy and posessiveness. These two put me right oﬀ women and
I’m not type to tolerate that shit and drama that comes with it.
So she and other women do not try to change me.
Many women left but they always come back and some even get married,
divource and come back. They want a lover not a passive - aggressive and boring
type of guy. Or the man just lets her do whatever and she got sick of being with a
push over. Plenty of men like that.
Don’t date a player with a mindset to frame it into a relationship.
Instead, know who he is, know the ﬂirting with other women won’t stop, and
know even if you’re attractive he will still be attracted to other women and have
sex with them. Know jealousy and possessiveness will get him immediately
turned oﬀ and push him away.
Know sex and love are diﬀerent.
I do not see sex as love and I do not see love is enough.
That doesn’t mean I don’t love.
It doesn’t mean I am not kind.
It doesn’t mean I treat women like shit.
It doesn’t mean I am abusive. I’m not.
It means I upfront with who I am and in doing so, it makes it much easier for
other women who desire men like me, to ﬁnd me and accept who I am fast. it
makes my life easier too.
Any try to frame into relationship from the beginning or at anytime, or be
insecure about sex or insecure that I am talking to other women and ﬂirting with
them, I move on. It turns my stomach. I just can’t be assed with that nonsense. I
have dealt with it and I have sorted it with myself. Now others need to sort that
with their mind.
So it’s not that he is out of your league.
It’s not that you’re not attractive.
It means he’s not promising you a relationship and best you step with him with
this mindset. Maybe it will happen but it’s best for all to know from day one what
it is and not promise some future result.
If relationship does happen, it happens but don’t assume it will happen.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How formal should I be on a ﬁrst date at the movies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stay away from the following on ﬁrst date:

1. Resturants
2. Movies, cinema
3. House watching movies
The reason is, you need to focus on building on the attraction and some comfort,
while still being light hearted. This is not the time hiding away in movies and
resturants which by the way is the plague for attraction.
You are going to create awkwardiness.
Instead, no money is needed and you approach with focus in mind to capture the
person’s emotions, leading their fantasy to desire you more…and…to want to
meet you again.
Don’t pretend you’re not interestd in each other.
Assume you’re lovers and behave as such.
So walk through park, walk where you can talk, see the sights in the city, then sit
down for a bit on bench and talk. Go and get a drink but dont stay there for too
long and walk again. You don’t even have to go to bar and just walk, talk, be fun,
get to know each other.
I have met women who dressed in Jeans and some coloured top. Some dresss
with high heels. Just make sure you dress to make you feel comfortable.
You’re not going to resturant or movies but walking.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm married to the most perfect guy but I feel guilty when I miss
my ex especially the during intimacy who I broke up with 6
years ago. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Heard this phrase:
“The grass is greener on the other side?”
Let’s phrase to the real world…
“The grass is greener on the side you water the most and you have been watering
the fantasy side.”
In your own words…
“how his touch made me feel.”
The word to look for is “feel.”
You are not in love with the ex but in love with the feelings. You are like most
women, who forget the bullshit, the drama, the pain and created this fantasy
movie in your mind about the ex. Much of it is conjured up by your own
imagination.
You’re not in love with the ex but the feelings connected to this guy.
And because you’re so far from reality and in your fantasy world, you are
nuturing the fantasy, building on the emotions regarding the ex not the ex
himself. If you for real remembered and focused on the shit you went through
rather than your fantasy you’d see you’re must be fucking crazy to even want him
to touch you.
It is easy to forget the bad times.

Easy to forget the abuse.
Easy to forget the hurt you went through when infatuation is gone but now is the
time to ask the real question.
What do I need to do to build on what I have.
Because you are not rationaly looking at this but rather by emotions.
So it’s not the ex you’re thinking about but the “feelings” connected to him, the
“if it was diﬀerent,” and “if only it worked,” and “it can work,” and “if things were
diﬀerent and we met in a diﬀerent time,” bullshit you say to yourself.
This creates the craving.
Remember what I wrote in the beginning…
““The grass is greener on the side you water the most…”
You haven’t been watering on the side of the relationship you are in already. You
are watering the fantasy of the feelings connected to your ex.
Time to wake up from the fantasy and start watering the side that is much more
important ie. the relationship you are already in.
That “most perfect” partner.
Stop bullshitting yourself and get real.
Invest in knowledge, skills, go counselling with your man, learn about each other
to create these feelings, the REAL ones not fantasy. It takes work, so sit down with
your man, don’t tell him about your ex because it has nothing to do with him.
It’s between you and your partner, so start experiementing together, put some
romance back in, be daring with each other, get that sexual and physical
attraction built. Get out of the routine. Travel to exotic places together.
There are romantic places that don’t cost thousands of dollars.
Fly together and go on adventure together, far away from people you know and do
what you desire together without the insecurities and inhibitions. There is a lot
you can do together.
This is why I am in relationship with women who I have dated for 16 years +. I
know what it takes and they know too. We have grown, matured, understand
psychology, and all the games people play and even ourselves.
So we’re honest with our feelings and we invest time to build on what we have. It
takes work but it’s enjoyable, exciting, loving and it’s so damn sexy, romantic,
hardcore to blow any porn hard core movie out of the window.
We do all we desire with each other and that is why we don’t need fantasy and
connecting them to someone else but with each other.
What you have right now with your man is hard to ﬁnd.
Believe me when I say this..
The grass is not greener on the other side.
This is just New Relationship feeling that dies away and then you are back to
square one again to do the work. If all it is…is feelings, it won’t last. You need to
work to unlock each other.
You need to stop saying he’s perfect because you ignore there is work to do be
done with each other. It’s the old excuse..

“It’s not him but me.”
No, it is about him and you together and you embrace that and go head on to
make it happen for each other.
It needs you and him to work on building on attraction, physical touch, seduction
to a level where you crave for each other and…yes…it can be done. Open up with
each other. Be daring. Do what you desire in fantasies with each other. Let go of
social norms and traditions and focus on you and your present lover to go for it in
ways you always wanted.
If that includes fucking you in the ass as he pins you to the bed and that’s what
you like, to eat your pussy, so be it.
Speak your desire with them.
Open up with the lover you are with and get rid of the boredom. There is work to
do and if you do it, you will feel your pussy throbbing, body feeling it as he
touches you, for your pussy to drip and your nipples erect.
No more hiding these desires from the partner you’re with. Let all inhibitions go.
Talk to him about these stuﬀ and how you want to do all these with him.
The point is, stop looking elsewhere and start building on what you have.
You’re just addicted to feelings connected with ex not the ex himself.
Build on what you have.
That takes work.
Get help for it from specialists if you need to.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Anirban De

When is it time to give up pursuing a guy you like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A guy who is attracted to you will…
1. Approach
2. Flirt
3. Converse and ﬁnd out why should he be interested in you than just your
looks. So let your personality shine and don’t hide yourself but keep
negative past, ex relationships far away from discussion.
4. Then ask for your number
5. And lead to date you in a matter of a week or less.
Anything else, whether it is a guy interested in a girl or a girl interested in a guy, is
a waste of fucking time.
It’s not called giving up.
It’s called having self respect.
So approach someone else.
Because what is the option?
You might have guys who fear rejections and so these guys will give
hints, send mixed singles. You know how long that shit takes. Too long.
You never know and so you’re waiting for some guy to man up.

You ﬁnd some guy who isn’t really interested but loves the attention
from girls pursuing him. So if you don’t show intent so you at least see
where he stands, then again, you’re going to get hurt because you
invested so much time with some guy who when you seek….he pulls
away.
Then you got the shy guy. Jeeesh. He will take so damn long. You got to
be slow. I mean slooooooooooooooow. So damn slow, you can ﬂy around
the world before he gets going. Again, you be sending hints and
wondering if you did this and that, it…might scare him away.
So what do you do if a guy then doesn’t approach you and if you had enough of
these guys who can’t man the fuck up?
You got to invest in social skills, communication skills, develop your conﬁdence
and get out there and do it yourself. The amount of girls who are not attractive
but dating guys are mostly girls who just don’t give a fuck anymore with waiting.
They take risks.
They go for it.
So you know the real deal.
1. Either wait for some guy to man up.
2. Either wait for guys who fear rejection to give signals and who play safe,
never getting out of their comfort zone.
3. Either you ﬁnd yourself wasting time withn play hard to get.
You know the deal and you don’t need me or anyone telling you who is right and
who is wrong. You know how it is and every woman say to you, they have
experienced all three of these guys.
It’s frustrating.
So only way to not make it frustrating and self esteem demotivating is you invest
in knowledge, in skills, social skills, communication skills and learn how to be
better at attracting guys by you going out there more than most women ever
would. Do what most women dare not do and learn what most women do not
learn.
Now if a woman interested in a guy and he is playing hints, then put him in spot
and do the same.
And if he doesn’t bite, move on.
Again, it’s not called giving up.
It’s called valuing your time, having self respect, having boundaries and sending
a message you got value.
Any play hard to get are attention seekers, needy and they may use playing hard
as some excuse that it ﬁlters serious people who truly desires them.
They can be deluded to believe that to rationalise their own insecurities. I’d be
moving on to someone who knows what she wants and says YES when I call and
ask her out on a date AFTER I have approached her.
16.5k Views · View Upvoters

I’m into a guy that is not into me and that guy is into girls that
are not into him. Im wondering, why we fall for people who will
never love us back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why there are plenty of guys into you but you are not into them.
They are all around you but you’re not even interested in them.
In your mind is a map which comes from social conditioning and this map tells
you at an unconscious level….
What beautiful is
What is ugly
What guys to go for
Which guys to not go for
Which guys good to date and fuck
Which guys to be in relationship with and not to be in relationship with
Which people to associate with
Who to avoid
Many things in your head which creates the blue print map which you, other girls
and guys follow, to decide in under 3 seconds….
YES or NO.
Yes or No for dating
Yes or No for relationship
So you and that guy will ignore other guys/girls who do not have the look, the
sexual appeal, the value you seek to deﬁne you, the things that makes you look
cool in front of others, and avoid those who give that feeling for you.
You’re own perception leads you.
You’re reality leads you.
In fact, if you knew yourself well, you won’t need to ask this question but that is
something most don’t do enough of - study and understand themselves.
Plenty of fat guys, plenty of skinny guys, plenty of guys not good looking to your
perception and these guys you ignore to be in relationship with.
Like they don’t exist.
Relationship is also something in which when someone desires it.
So timing also part of this too.
So is experience and maturity but also people of immaturity get into relationship
too. It doesn’t mean people are mature or know shit if they are in relationship and
nor does it mean it will last either.
Just because someone says they see you as attractive and date you, doesn’t mean
they are ready for a relationship.
They will say something else but really, it is not the right time, they want to live
more, there are other frictions in place. They are just not ready and not really
about you but they won’t say that.
Such people always blame someone else but really, if one does want a
relationship, plenty of people around you that will want it but you and that guy
won’t want to be in a relationship with them.
Finally….
You don’t ask for a relationship.

You nurture it. You know how to build a deeper connection. It ﬂows naturally into
a relationship. I’ve never asked for it and I’ve never said if someone wants to be in
a relationship.
Instead, I knew how to behave for me to lead the dating into a relationship and
the person saw my world, connected at a deeper level and well, relationships
happened. You both talked about it. I never did with any girl.
I knew how to LEAD towards a relationship.
Why?
Because words mean nothing.
Anyone can say yes to a relationship and even get married, but look on Quora
how many girlfriends, boyfriends, married couples cheat on each other, mess
around. Plenty.
So I don’t look for labels.
I focus on the now, the present and give it all I got and if that ain’t enough, then I
am glad I have met the person. I hope they ﬁnd what they want.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

She is nice and pretty but not very smart. How can I tell her
without hurting her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She was smart enough to get your attention and reel you in for you to date her.
Smart men know one thing…
They know how to talk in such a way that a kid can understand them and if they
can’t get a kid understand them, they ain’t that smart. In other words, they ﬁgure
the level of a person and speak in the most loving approach.
They talk…in the person’s level and emotional language.
Think about this one.
That’s what is called…smart.
If you talk and the other person can’t understand you, then maybe you need to
stop focusing on how smart you sound and focus more on getting your message
through because that’s where the real art of conversation is.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

She doesn't respond back. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do what any smart guy does.
You don’t focus on one girl on Tinder. You need to have lined up a lot of girls, and
started conversing and that way you got options.
None are exclusive are they?
So why you focusing on girl and rather have others too, so if one goes belly up,
you got other conversation going.
You do what you’re doing, you will of course be asking..
“what shall I do.”

If you had 10 girls conversing with you, who you’re attracted to and they are with
you - you think you even bother who doesn’t respond?
No.
I don’t.
I have her back in the que and focus on my priority on someone else.
So forget waiting for her.
Move on.
If she contacts back, great.
If not. Great.
You got other girls because dating and ﬁnding someone compatible takes time. If
I did this in busines, focusing on one prospect, I’ll fuck my business up. Imagine,
me waiting for one customer.
Worse strategy to have in anything.
Applying for one job and waiting.
Having one friend and waiting they’d change.
Having to focus on one girl…and…waiting.
Not a smart strategic approach.
So what you do is learn the lesson to avoid frustration and create options. Until
you ﬁnd one girl who you date often with, be intimate with, get exclusive with.
Until then, don’t focus on one girl.
It’s ok to be upfront..
“I’m still looking and dating others until I ﬁnd someone I like to be in
relationship with.”
It’s honest and it sends a message, she isn’t the only one.
Make sure she isn’t until you do ﬁnd someone to be exclusive with, if that’s your
thing. Not my thing. I like dating multiple women but if monagamy your thing
then be smart.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What happens to players (meaning the guys that just move
from one girl to another without any consideration for each girl
they meet)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not gender issue.
Seen women fuck guys on holidays and go back to their boyfriend. I was with one
women not while back, red head and we fucked like crazy for a week before she
ﬂew back.
Didn’t know she had a boyfriend until later on.
Her problem for not telling me. He found out because her so called friend posted
a photo of her and me, kissing. They are not friends anymore looking at the
comments and she closed her account.
Plenty of girls do the same, with cheating and all sorts.

Not a gender issue at all.
The usual story is he gets hurt yada yada yada….
The story you don’t hear which happens alot is they ﬁnd the most attractive
women, and live a great life. Yes, not the story you’d like to hear but life is not
Disney, Hollywood and oooh the “bad guy” gets it.
Sorry to burst anyone’s bubbles.
I know many and they have a great lifestyle. Some married to beautiful women
and they are no way passive -aggressive guys. Some also in multiple relationship
and they do not hide it from any of the women they date.
Some become successful in life because they got the conﬁdence, social skills and
the entrepreneur drive.
There are women who like these type of guys.
Planet full of them. So it’s no big deal if a girl walks away.
So the story of how he gets burnt, sure, he might get by one woman he really
loved but he has balls. He has emotional toughness. He gets up and approaches
more because he has the skill, experience and mindset too.
They got choices.
They have options.
No, they don’t end up alone. They can get girls and grow up conﬁdent to attract
women. Not your “karma is a bitch” story but there we go.
I know plenty of such guys.
They are living it up and never alone.
If you’re looking for some satisfaction of karma, give up. It ain’t going to happen
and he probably doesn’t give a fuck.
He can attract another and another without problem.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Omayma AF

Why would a girl sleep with me if she doesn't want me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She just wants a fuck without the drama and comittment
2. She wants pleasure and not a relationship
3. She wanted to feel wanted and have some guy pound her
4. She was so pissed oﬀ and wanted a relief…pounding ongoing amazing
sex
5. She got tired being this girl everyone wanted her to be, always on guard,
when there is another women inside of her that isn’t trained, socially
conditioned, culturally trained, following social norms/traditions like a
lab rat….. and wanted to open her legs and enjoy pleasure, sex, touch
without all the bullshit she has to ﬁll her head with; which makes her feel
guilty for enjoying the natural pleasures of sex.
To be the woman she feared to be because society judges, ostracised and
think their fucking gods to point ﬁngers and label her as a slut, whore,
too easy. To be a strong woman who puts a middle ﬁnger at how women

and men should behave and so she behaved in a way that lets her be that
woman once and for all, even for a short while.
6. Maybe you’re a nice guy with money and or something
7. Maybe she likes another guy and make’s him jealous
8. Maybe she realised you was shit at sex and made her feel awkward
9. Maybe she realised you’re too passive and timid which doesn’t turn her
on
10. Maybe you is boring and she realised you’re good for a fuck but anything
else, not a chance.
11. Maybe you want too much too soon and not focus on now, the present
12. Maybe you tried framing it into a relationship like most women and men
do in the beginning, and not realising such things takes time.
13. Maybe a lot of maybe’s entwined in a tapestry of many maybe’s that
would get any of us lost in her maze and beautiful mind.
Who knows?
No one does but her.
17.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe in long distance relationships? Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I believe in it but I won’t try it. I can’t be assed with it and not desperate anyway
to bother looking so far.
I’m a city full of women, so I rather approach, go some rejection, get a yes and it’s
a lot easier in the long run. The ﬁrst you can meet face to face. The second is
physical touch. The third you’re not wasting time with some drama queen who
wants attention and has tons of insecurities to be scared of a 9 inch dick.
Seriously, I can’t be assed wasting time waiting…waiting and I would have
already sorted date out locally.
Even, if I was average at dating skills which I’m not, very advanced, but even if I
was, I’ll still get better results face to face approaching on local online dating.
I haven’t the patience with all the fucking drama, emailing back and forth, skype,
trying to keep communication to keep it burning.
It is a lot less hassle, less diﬃcult face to face locally.
Yes, women do ﬂy over to meet me from India, Spain, Italy, America for a week for
going out and pounding sex, but we know that is all it’s about because they know
they can’t do that shit where they are locally.
In another country, far from all they know and with someone they can trust and
is discreet, they can do whatever, sex in all kinds of ways and let go.
But then they go home back to the usual, mundane, social mask wearing and
probably some borihing shit of a nice guy or boyfriend who is wooing them every
damn week with confession of love ;)
I’ll stick to local any day but it doesn’t mean I don’t believe it works. It does but
man, you got to have a woman who is right in the fucking head, not a drama
queen, and packed with insecurities and the guy needs to be patient.
I’m not patient.

Like alone, these past week I have had 15 women on Quora and they can’t be
assed to communicate in a sexual way. Like they still playing “I’m so innocent.”
Therefore I say to them, I can’t be assed so by. Block, bye, done.
I’m a direct, fast mover, and can’t be assed even with social norm and traditional
ways, so never mind long-distance relationship. I like the real face to face
interaction and touch. I need to know now not 4 months down line or years.
I use to but with so many women locally, I’ll take local anyday.
London is is a big city with amazing conﬁdent secure women who are sexual too,
and not insecure about it. Fast to meet and we’re already rocking.
Not so for long-distance.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to ask your boyfriend to describe your character to
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, if you’re not doing it for seeking validation, acceptance and approval. If you’re
not playing some manipulative game where he tells you and you’re like..
“See! You don’t love me.”
Me, I’d say, “ok. 2 minutes.”
Then get an A4 paper and pen and say, “you ﬁrst tell me all the positive things
about what your character.”
And you’d write some positive stuﬀ.
I’d smile and say, “There we go. No need for me to say shit. You already know. I
agree. You’re all these! Amazing aren’t you? Yeah amazing.”
Then walk oﬀ out of the house for a drink.
As a crowd of guys outside applaud like I just won the Football world cup because
I just side stepped some manipulative insecure game to create future drama.
608 Views · View Upvoters

What are the rules of keeping a woman happy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my girlfriends wasn’t happy and so she thought I’d make her happy. I went
to my library and I have a huge library of books.
Left this on table….with a note…

And added..
“Now you know why I’m always happy, smiling. I take full responsibility for my own
happiness.”
This happened 16 years ago. We have been dating for 16 years ago and going
strong. I also date multiple women and we’ve been dating for years.
Being happy?
That’s her responsibility.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad sign to not be sexually attracted to your date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not at all.
If I can’t see a woman attractive, and feel like I want to rip her clothes oﬀ, eat her
out, you can forget it. I won’t even bother. I have to feel the stomach going, the
heart racing and feel like I’m on a rollercoaster, going up and down, up and down
;)
Sexual attracton is important to me.
If it’s not for someone else, good for them but I don’t roll that way. I know if I was
in a relationship with a woman who I am not sexually attracted, we’ll be nothing
more than friends. Not worth even trying.
I have tried it before and it just didn’t work.
But I also got to have the other parts too, like values, personality and yes, you can
ﬁnd people who have all these and there is also sexual attraction.
Attraction bothers you because it is important but also, you are feeling guilty due
to social conditioning that you don’t look for the look.
Well, all who say that can go and fuck themselves. This is not their life but yours,
and your experience too. You can’t live according to someone else’s rules, social
norms and traditions because it will always make you unhappy.
So don’t hide from it.
Be honest with yourself will help you and help to avoid as much as you can in
hurting others. Let the person know fast and move on.
See it as a lesson to grow and take with you.
You found something of a gem for you and who you are. Cherish it. Most try to
deny and lie to themselves.
Embrace what you desire.
40 Views · View Upvoters

Should I follow my dream, get my own horse and risk my
relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Aug 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If following your dreams is a risk to any relationship when it comes to dating, it’s
not a healthy relationship.
So the problem isn’t the dream getting, horse riding and risking.
It’s you in an unhealthy and uncompatible relationship with a guy who is very
insecure.
It starts with one thing and then it follows with…
1. Don’t go for promotion because it will take lots of your time. You won’t
have time for is.
2. Don’t buy a house. You will have no time and work like a donkey, only
care for money. You won’t have time for us.
3. No, forget going out with friends, you don’t spend much time with us
being together.

This is about compatibilty and compatibility isn’t about education, job, income,
time, religion, culture etc.
It’s an attitude.
A process in which lovers are willing to work towards each others happiness.
He hasn’t this attitude and you’re looking for reasons to also not have the attitude
too because you’re not reassuring him but saying he is right. To me, you really
also don’t want this relationship and even if you talk, you’ll probably state what
you know will make him more insecure because you really want to break up.
So don’t make him an excuse.
You’re already done with this relationship and you know it and he’s also done
with the relationship too due to his own insecurities.
The attitude and embracing a process together isn’t there from either side.
719 Views · View Upvoters

I gave up on dating almost 5 years ago. What do I say when my
friends ask about my dating life/relationship status?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friend - so how’s the dating/relationship going on
Me - (nothing, smile as I don’t need to explain shit and walk away)
When you get past needing validation, acceptance and proving shit to anyone, it
won’t be a problem.
Nor will dating.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What is a life coach?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because one day a guy comes up to, slams money on table and says..
“I need help. You see the problem is XYZ.”
“Is it now?”
“Yes, it is XYZ.”
But I see he has a gun to his head. He has already shot his foot and now he’s
pointing the gun to his head.
“Ok but ﬁrst take the gun away from your head.” I say.
“What gun? I don’t have a gun.”
And I slowly walk over, calmly, and slowly move the gun away from his head.
“This gun righ here.”
“WTF?”
Blind spots, that’s why and second…
If you want someone to say what you like to hear, do not hire a coach. This isn’t
for someone who doesn’t want to hear what they need to hear.
662 Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when clients don't pay?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about pursuing and building a legacy
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is something I had to face and I’ll share what to do.
Take it as a hard lesson and let them walk away. Then don’t ever do any service
with them or sell them anything anymore.
Some have tried that with me and they later learnt they shot themselves in the
foot because now they are stuck with needing more dating advise. Only time they
value is when they get stuck, ﬁnd many coaches out there are text book and not
from real experience.
Three people did this. It’s ok. I have more value and I have plenty of clients but
from now on, I follow this rule here…
1. They must pay or nothing is going to happen from my side.
2. Only when they have paid can clients book time for skype sessions. So
booking happens after one has paid, not before.
3. Those who haven’t paid are now banned from using my service. They
cannot send me messages, on any platform. Done. My focus are on
clients who respect my time and knowledge. These are the clients I am
going to overdeliver to.
So money upfront and no exceptions from now on.
Lesson learnt the hard way but hey, it’s ﬁne.
Sometimes you have to have tough skin, learn from it and move on. Make the
same mistake again and again, well you’re now asking for it.
973 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my boyfriend like to turn me on at family gatherings,
away from the family, then treat me like dirt when we are in
front of the family?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question needs some editing because there are two issues here.
1. His sexual behaviour which you say you like.
2. Then there’s the way he treats you like dirt in front of his family.
So it can be confusing.
That’s why I broke this answer in two parts.
1. His sexual behaviour…
Nothing wrong with what he’s doing and you know why, nothing is wrong with it?
Because you like it too!
In your own words…
“You guys are taking this wrong, I love that he does this...it makes later so
much better but I dont understand how I like it so much.. We are both 22”
First understand there is nothing wrong with it and there’s nothing immature
about it. He’s into you and he is expressing it and in a way that turns you on.
Now why you like it is because he is showing you attention, pleasuring you and
you know you’re man is into you. It’s exciting, makes your heart beat faster, the
thought of being caught, the little danger, doing things like rebels together.
But what’s going on as well is you’re feeling guilty.

That is due to years of social conditioning about sex and also about how things
suppose to be. Call it social norms and traditions. That you don’t do that in a
family and public setting.
For example take a look at some of the answers and you’ll get the idea what I
mean. I do agree though on the abusive part they mention which I’ll come to.
Now, if you didn’t like it, if it is hurting you, that’s a diﬀerent story but it’s not.
So enjoy it.
The main thing is you like it and so does he.
2. The Abuse.
On the part of him treating you like dirt when in front of your family, that’s
something else.
You need to set boundaries.
You need to talk to him and tell him how you feel.
If he doesn’t stop doing it then you need decide why you are even with him
because if he is treating you like dirt in front of the family, no point being with
him.
So he’s not the problem. He’s always been this way and time has only shown who
he really is, as well how he treats you in front of others.
You might not like what I am going to say but either you have come from a
background of abuse or abandonment and the abuse is triggering emotions
which you seem to like because it reminds you of feelings you desired long ago
but what’s happining is you need to diﬀerentiate love from abuse.
Emotions can be addictive and so you can crave for them as stimulants.
So you’re liking it because you yearn for the emotions of the past and getting a
kick out of it and that can lead onto a spiralling dangerous path. It already is from
the way he is abusing you in front of families, treating you like dirt.
You are choosing to stay with him.
So decide what’s important to you.
You getting high by having some guy treat you like dirt or you walking away and
ﬁnding a man who doesn’t abuse you and treats you like dirt.
It’s a choice.
Your choice.
No one is putting a gun to your head to stay with him to take any shit.
If you throw the card regarding love on table, well, love isn’t enough and never
will be. It’s a cop out. You still made you decision to be treated like shit in front of
the family.
464 Views · View Upvoters

How can you desexualize your boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about you leave the manipulation, controlling and abuse alone and move
on?

You are not compatible with each other if he is high sexual and you are not, and it
is important for him.
That’s what you need to know and since you are not compatible, then stop trying
to ﬁgure a way to change him and leave him.
Men had enough of system, mainstream and most women trying thats shit on
men to make them feel guilty about sex.
Leave him and ﬁnd someone else who isn’t high sexual because there is nothing,
whatsoever wrong with him being high sexual.
And there is nothing with you wanting diﬀerent needs.
Just don’t try and ﬁx someone when he isn’t broken. Find someone else who is
compatible for you as your question is unhealthy for relationships.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should women do when a boy asks them "mam you are
beautiful, can I have sex with you"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget the word “should” because it is looking at seeking validation, approval and
acceptance from society in asking what is the social norm to doing things.
Now, if this is a guy who asked you then the questions is..
“Do you ﬁnd yourself attracted to the guy?”
“If so, what are you afraid of?”
Or do you like some passive timid guy who blatantly lies that he sees your
personality, how your dress ﬂows, and how you’re so intellectual and after 4th8th date you have sex?
You know, the guys who play mind games, and pretend to not be interested in
your looks because let’s face it - that is what gets a man’s attention from the
beginning. He doesn’t know your personality, who you are and you won’t either
by seeing him from a far.
The guy was being honest.
It is very rare to ﬁnd a guy who will say exactly what he thinks but try to tell you a
lot of bullshit because he knows, women have been socially conditioned since
they were girls on the big bad wolf, and how he will huﬀ, and puﬀ, and blow your
skirt or panties down.
That the right guy approaches without mentioning sex, and woos you for a while,
approaches, ﬂirts, tells you what you want to hear. Yes, it’s that fucking easy
because I do it and you won’t believe how even the..
“I would never fall for that…”
Are the ﬁrst to do so.
Why would I make my life diﬃcult when I know women up their asses about sex,
about players, about this and that?
If I did what I do, you won’t even ask a question here but you are because you
have been approached in a way that is cutting right through the bullshit. You’re
brain went nuts, cannot understand it, and gets involved by saying danger ahead.
Danger?
The guy said the honest damn truth.

See how our brain is fucked up? We say we want honesty. We say we don’t want
games but I’m saying right now, you women, you want the games. You want it
because if a man said the truth….you’d RUN to the hills.
You don’t want a man saying..
1. I ﬁnd you attractive
2. You’re absolutely stunning
3. You’re so sexy and look amazing
Actually you do, IF…yes…IF…the guy was extremely attractive.
You see when women say they don’t get approached, they are really saying, they
don’t get approached by guys they are very attracted to.
The average number an attractive women gets approched in her life time is
probably way over 5,000 but majority of the guys are not who she fantasizes
about and has been socially conditioned with from all those movies, romance
novels, magazines, the gorgeous tall dark handsome knight who saves the day.
He saw you’re gorgeous and so he said it and also said what he desires.
Now granted, he isn’t as knowledgable and experienced as myself, because I’d
know, women are up their asses about how a guy should see them for more than
their looks, and yet spend money, time, investment on their looks.
So if I say “you’re UGLY but I like your mind” would you be ok about that?
Would you even believe me?
Of course not.
It’s not about “should.”
For one man, she’d jump at his honesty and she’s sick and bloody tired of pussy,
timid and passive men who do not state what they want. She would want a man
who gets down with it, bold, brave and says it.
For another woman, she be disgusted by it and not because he was wrong, but
because of her own level of perception, what she thinks is right, wrong, i.e. her
reality, her upbringing, her social conditioning, and her map of how she like a
man to approach her.
But this isn’t about this woman and that woman.
This is about the woman who asked the question and so she’d need to ask..
“What type of man I want” without judging this guy because this guy did nothing
wrong. He just stated in all honesty what his desire is.
Maybe crude for some, maybe rude or digusting and needed to say it in a diﬀerent
way so it goes with the romance novels, Disney eﬀect, and what mummy told
them about who is a bad…bad…boy to keep away from and who is a good nice
gentleman to go for. End of the day, fuck to “should” and “must” and what others
think.
What do you want?
Is this the type of guy you want?
If not, ignore him move on. I’m sure with his conﬁdent and positive attitude, and
he’s lack of fear to say that to women, he’ll be busy with women soon enough.
If yes, you like this type of guy and you feel attracted to him, then you’re lucky.
You’re not socially conditioned as much as most women are. You are proud of

your sexuality and not insecure about it.
Probably ﬁgured out a lot than most women have yet to do so.
That is until they hit 50 and then “Oh if only…”
Forget what anyone else thinks you should do.
They dont’ give a shit anyway if you can’t pay your bills. Your life choices and
decisions needs to be made soley by your own mind rather asking society what
you should do.
But then again, a mature conﬁdent sexual woman knows that.
640 Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell if a guy wants to date you seriously or just
wants to hook up/be casual?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same way, how a guy can tell when a girl tries to frame the guy into a
relationship, when he knows fuck all about her, hasn’t dated her for a year or
two… hasn’t been intimate and sexually intimate with her due to her own
insecurities and socialy conditioned regarding sex.
He can’t.
He has to date her for a while and time will tell.
That’s how the girl will know as well.
By dating the guy and stop trying to frame in her head some agenda for a
relationship. It works in Disney, Hollywood and Bollywood movies but in real life,
if a girl said on ﬁrst date..
“I want a relationship with you, move in together, in our own apartment with a
white picket fence and bells ringing..”
He’d think she’s out of her fucking head.
I would too.
Sure, you can think it and even say it but doesn’t mean guys going to say “YES,
me too.” He be one helluva needy and desperate guy as he doesn’t know you that
well enough to even agree to such a thing.
That’s what dating is about.
You date to get to know and no one, you and anyone else can skip this process.
You will never know until you date for sometime.
Time will tell because you can’t believe what someone says.
People will say whatever they want to say but it doesn’t mean much. Time will
show who this person really is and for some, it doesn’t take much time.
911 Views · View Upvoters

I have asked a girl I like if I can kiss her. She told me that she is
not the type of a kisser. Is that normal?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Aug 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“After spending so much time together,”
Yes, that would probably do it. Spending tons of time, orbiting around a girl like a
lost puppy and putting her on a pedestal.

Personally, you fucked up big because you don’t ask a girl for a kiss until she
shows intent. That means you needed to ﬁrst make sure she qualiﬁes because if
you miss this step then..
1. You’re no diﬀerent to the other guy with shit experience
2. You are lowering your value big time
3. And she hasn’t worked to even show her interest to you which means,
you have made it very awkward. I don’t mean playing hard to get either
but she MUST show she is interested in you or it’s a waste of time. She
can lead you on for nothing more than attention and for seeking
validation.
There is a process.
You don’t ask a girl to kiss you and you did because the intent from her side was
unclear that she is into you.
That means, you missed some steps.
Let me give you an example and yes, it’s crude but it demonstrates the science of
it all…
If you want to boil a frog, and you put that frog in a pot of boiling water, it would
jump out immediately. The way you went for a kiss immediately without any
process before it and thought spending tons of time together would do any good.
It doesn’t.
It only builds comfort and when comfort starts ﬁrst BEFORE attraction then you
have already killed attraction. Most of all, most girls/women are packed with
emotions, insecure, some shy, lack conﬁdent and so they will self sabotage
themselves. Additonally most have no clue what to do if what happens in
romance novels and movies happened right in their face.
They would 99% fuck it all up.
I’m serious.
They would mess it up so bad and even like you read in some answers from girls
who a guy approached them, confessed feelings, went for a kiss….they moved
away even when they liked the guy.
Back to the frog story….
Now, if you place the frog in a cool water, and gradually boil the water, it won’t
even notice. Slowly and surely, the gradual build up works to boil the frog.
There is a process.
It can happen really fast, in a matter of minutes but if you skip the process, one
step, do it wrong due to ignorance, then you will ﬁnd a lot of resistence from girls
even if they like you. You will ﬁnd yourself always failing with girls and you won’t
know why and unfortunately, most guys are impatient to learn the process.
I’m not going into how to do so as there is other things to learn and even when
you know the process, you still need knowledge to understand why.
I can give it right now, step by step like I do with guys on skype sessions and most
think they smart. Many up their eyes with degrees, PHD on all sorts and some
fucked up real bad by not paying for a session.
Ah but guess what happens?
Man, does this always happens. They shot themselves in the foot because even
with the process diagram in front of them, they screw up. You see, knowing and

understanding what you know are two complete diﬀerent things.
The contrast between these two are huge.
So they come back but the door is slam shut. I cannot work with people who do
not honour their word and now, I make sure no one gets my private help until
paid.
See? Everything has a process. If you don’t know it, ask and learn. Ignorance is no
excuse for knowing how to behave as an honourable man and ignorance is no
excuse for not knowing the process when it also comes to…..dating.
When you don’t know the process, you don’t just lose out.
You lose big.
One because you never know how to get better. Two, even if one day you do get
results…..it is so hard for you, you lose self esteem, you hurt yourself so bad…you
become depressed about the whole damn process.
So much so, you even fuck up the new relationship.
For now understand there is a process to everything.
Including dating.
You’re young and watched far too much movies and music videos, and probably
listen to some old fool or woman who said..
“Always ask a girl if you want to kiss.”
Yes I get consent but some people just don’t get it.
I never asked a girl for a kiss or sex because…..there was a gradual process. This
process can take days, weeks or if you’re a chump of all chumps, months.
When I say this, you’ll always get some idoit saying..
“oooooOOOh. He did it without her consent.”
So let me fucking clarify to these idoits.
The girl consent on text, on phone because I don’t play safe. I rather lose the girl
than ever play safe. I want to make sure, a girl qualiﬁes and so, when we meet, it is
not like some chump, debating who pays the bills, asking when to kiss and what
moment to hug or any of that.
She knows 100% way before we meet what is going to happen. We have had fun
role playing it time and time again, by text and on phone, to hardocore level.
“But she’s shy.”
Not my problem. I don’t go for shy. If you do, hey, live with it or ﬁgure it out. I just
can’t be assed with all that and make dating diﬃcult.
I’m not here to save girls. I’m attracting girls I want and shy, whether she’s
awesome or whatever, doesn’t do it for me.
The process allows her to ﬁrst make the statement clear she is into you and what
she desires by words and behaviour. You don’t do that hanging around her for a
lot of time like it means something.
You need to know the process and lead the girl through each phase without
creating awkwardiness. You must also know how to handle every situation of
friction without breaking one rule.
Never, ever, step over that line when she says no.

No, means no. Yes means Yes and even then, she got to rip your fucking clothes
oﬀ and suck your dick to be clear about sex.
If you think that just can’t happen because women look so innocent, gentle, blah
blah blah….then you’re naive about how it is in the world. Women behave
diﬀerently with a man who knows how to lead and most unfortunately are afraid,
timid and passive to lead.
They rather play safe, orbiting around a woman and let her lead but she won’t
lead. She won’t do a damn thing until she shows interest and second, she knows
she can behave as sexual, hardcore, to make porn movies look like nothing
because she realised she can be this way with you with 100% trust, it is safe to do
so. That she can open up, relax, be a sexual woman and never fear or think of
sexual social conditioned insecurities with you.
My last date, we walked to my place on second date, she went down on me so fast,
condomn in her mouth, and did it all her self and started riding me.
When a woman trusts you, feels secure, safe with you, 100%, she will know she
can be a woman and do all she desires to do.
That’s a skill and you cannot learn that shit from an answer on Quora.
But before that happens, you must, without any shadow of doubt, KNOW she is
interested in you in a romantic way from day one or she and any girl will
psychological fuck you up, embrass you, humilate you, reject you and won’t care
a damn about how you spend lots of time with her.
I even had girls say..
“Yes, I do know guys orbit around me and it’s not my fault if they stick around. I
don’t care if they waste their time. Their fault for being with me in ﬁrst place.”
They don’t give a shit. Understand this now. They don’t care if you waste your
sweet time.
Orbiting around a girl is not a sign of interest.
Never look for a sign.
Always focus on 100% crystal clear interest from her and she must say it, and
behave in a manner with you.
You need to be careful orbiting around a girl because it doesn’t look good on you
when she hasn’t shown she is into you for real.
When there is a process, a build up, an emotional progression happens that
arouses her and increases the attraction towards you.
So you must start with her showing she is interested in you big time by you
making sure you show your intent as clear as day to her from day one. Qualify her
not like a job interview but make it fun, relaxed, humourous but still showing you
are serious about what you’re asking.
This is how you eliminate any girl who isn’t interested or she has baggage.
Then by the time you meet her on a date, kissing is no damn problem.
It’s like automatic.
Even if I say the process steps you’ll still mess up because there is a lot to learn in
between and that is why, when guys read the process steps I share, get one skype
session….think they got it ﬁgured out….they always….always come back.
I guarantee you, they always come back and realised they ran before they walked.
They still fuck up big and got way ahead of themselves.

And it’s not a small thing.
You got a guy who has been doing this for years and successful in multiple
relationships with women, for over 16 years, and yet, you go and do things
without ﬁrst gaining extra knowledge?
And thinking one skype session and you arrived too?
It’s right there!
Knowledge, experience and you mess up by not accessing it.
If only I had this years ago, I won’t let that guy to go away. I’d never fuck up and
respect his knowledge and experience. I would learn everything from him and
know, if I do, he will give me much more.
But I didn’t ﬁnd such a guy so I BECAME that guy.
Most of you guys haven’t even done the ﬁrst step, learning from someone who
knows. You just go oﬀ second guessing.
It’s a pity because you can avoid so much pain, frustrations and remove so many
obstacles that changes your life not just in dating but in career, in goals in life
because the knowledge/skills can be applied to everything in life.
Just know, there is a process.
Your approach goes against their emotional progression and how they see life,
romance, dating and relationship. You’re going against years of social
conditioning and all of it has created their perception.
They actually do believe, that “it meant to happen,” like Disney. Like Hollywood
movies. Like…magic.
Most are very insecure, their world is ﬁlled with fear about their sexuality, about
men, about sex, about even a kiss, about players, jerks, guys who don’t want
relationship to how it looks to their friends.
And so……if you move to fast without doing the steps before such things, you’ll
make her feel awkward. She’ll also reject you in the way she has.
BUT ….if you move too slow you also ﬁll her mind with how you’re not the one to
date. Being passive-time doesn’t work in your favour.
I rather lose the girl than be passive and timid.
From what I am reading, she wasn’t into you. You assumed she was because you
hanged together for a certain span of time.
That is not her showing intent she is into you.
So correct this behaviour.
Make sure the girl qualiﬁes ﬁrst by showing she is interested in you. Ask her and
don’t be afraid to do so..
“Look, beauty is very common. Why would a guy like me interested in you? I like to
know what you’re best 3 things about you that will make someone interested in
you?”
If she doesn’t answer, walk.
She can go back to where she was standing. You walk away.
And if she acts oﬀended by the question, her damn problem. You’re asking a legit
question. Why should you spend another minute with her? You’re asking her
straight forward and at an unconscious level..

“Don’t play me. Show me you’re interested because I’m checking you out.”
And if she doesn’t…..walk away.
Plenty of girls out there who will answer the question and girls you’ll be into and
they be into you.
This is called “Qualifying.”
Always qualify.
Do not give girls anymore time and attention until they answer. Show you got
status by behaving like a guy who believes in himself and who respects his time.
16 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl keeps asking me for help on simple things I know she
can do, does that mean she likes me? What are some signs she
does?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got it bad huh?
You know, the…
“If I help her out it will impress her and she will fall for me. She’s asking for help
because she is probably interested in me…”
Nop.
It can also mean..
1. She’s using her feminity to make you passive and timid to use you
2. She only wants help and you are the guy who is sucker enough to jump to
her calling like a knight everytime she asks for it. She only needs to smile
and you fall head over heels to want to hep.
3. She found a guy who cannot say no.
You’re going about it completely upside down but don’t blame her if you one day
ask her out after all the investment for her to say…
“I am ﬂattered but I…don’t….see you this way. I like you as a….friend.”
So wise up and do it fast.
No more doing shit for her.
No more investing time to impress her.
No more fucking about looking for hints and signals like some chump
Just ask her out.
That way you know for real where she is coming from in her mind about you.
Probably, you already did too much comfort building and won’t want to date you
because if she did, she will lose the emotional and techi support :)
Do yourself a favour..
Whenever you like a girl, approach, ﬂirt, be fun, ask her out.
If Yes, awesome. Get to know her, be intimate, date, be sexual, sex and all that.
Then, after when she wants help, go for it.
If no, move on.

Don’t try to impress her with anything and don’t wait around hoping.
Girls know this, know it well, that NICE GUYS love to be the knight and no balls to
ask a girl out, and use it to get whatever they want.
You want her to know you ain’t that guy?
Then what you haven’t the balls to do. Ask her out.
You see, right now the window of escalation is closing….closing….closing very
fast.
Do it now before you invest anymore.
26.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a guy stare at a girl from a distance annoyingly while
she's sitting with other guys and suddenly looks away when she
notices his stare?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same reason why a girl from a distance annoyingly stares at a guy who is
sitting with other girls…and…suddenly looks away when she notices his stare.
He’s looking because you’re a…girl with tits, ass and cute face.
It’s natural.
But that’s really it.
Don’t worry if it’s annoying you.
It will stop when you get older and then, you will be asking why guys don’t look at
you at all, and only checking out younger girls.
:)
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

At what point do you ask "is this a date date"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I personally never asked this question and the woman I have dated, and still date
never asked this question. Usually, this question is due to a lot of social
conditioning which gets one to behave in way to show no intent regarding how
they are attracted to each other in the beginning.
In other words, shit ﬂirting, none existent intent, dancing with words with lots of
superﬁcial interaction ﬁlled with ambigiouity, which is ﬁne for some women and
men; but not for me.
I personally escalate the fuck out of things way in beginning, and that happens in
beginning of interaction, then the texting and phone call. These two tools blast
any awkwardiness out of the window and any thought it’s platonic to ensure this
is sexual, romantic and hard core attraction.
When we instantly meet again for date, we’re kissing immediately because the
tension has been created and we said this is exactly what we’re going to do. If you
can’t get a woman and a man open up on text and phone, you’re making it hard
on yourself by fearing loss.
So I don’t need to ask “what are we?” and “is this a date?” or label it as such. It is
as clear as day due to honest, authentic and straight forward crystal clear lover
type behaviour from day one.

3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would you ‘add’ someone on Facebook who you have a very
loose connection with? For example, a shop attendant who
served you once.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s not the problem.
The real problem is your own insecurities and being in a relationship with a
boyfriend who you don’t trust.
It’s unhealthy for a relationship.
Let me put it this way for you. If it takes him adding a girl you knew as a best
friend on his facebook to get you all worried, well, you got bigger problems.
735 Views · View Upvoters

I got dumped by text and I dont know why. can someone
decode?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t need to decode it.
Why would anyone waste time decoding it because to do so, is like someone
desperately trying to ﬁnd some meaning.
It’s very simple.
It’s a rejection. Done. No more. Period. The end of the days, if you like. Just know
it’s a rejection and all you need to know is to move on.
Someone has shown their intent.
It’s not “YES BABY, let’s go for it, date, get to know, and rip our clothes oﬀ one
night and fuck each other because let’s face it - it will lead to that anyway, so why
the bullshit social norm…traditional games.”
It is a “No.” A rejection.
Anything after that is bollocks.
Just to let you down easily to validate your eﬀort and to make himself enjoy the
less hassle girls he knows he can get.
In other words..
Move on and do it fast.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make people fall in love with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I make a guy fall in love with me?

You see, this is where women and men of little experience understand. They
always, I mean always ask the wrong questions.
This question has nothing whatsoever to do with love.
It has a lot to do with insecurities, neediness, desperation and seeking for
approval, validation, to be liked and loved.

So I’m going to cut through the bullshit and crappy motivational and seriously
crappy advise you always hear.
None of this crap..
“Be yourself and he will love you for who you are.”
That’s why these people did a degree, dressed in suits, or smart dress, learned
interview techiques, learnt copywriting to make their CV’s compelling. See what I
mean about “being yourself.”
It’s a lot of crap when it’s said that way.
You need to be a better version of yourself and that takes investing in knowledge,
skills, social skills, inﬂuencing skills, knowing how to develop your core inner
sexual appeal and outer appeal, ﬂirting, to conversation and socialising skills.
Because you need to…
Stop thinking about what you want to get from a man and start thinking how to
get the man in a mood, to FEEL alive and spark imagination that connects all this
with you. That takes knowledge and skill.
Same if you’re a man who is asking a question regarding women.
Stop thinking how do I get her to like me, love me and focus on learning, yes
LEARNING, because it is a knowledge and skill, to take her mind to that level of
state of emotions.
The questions always are..
1. What I want her /him to feel?
2. How do I get their state of mind to this place?
3. And gradually escalate such emotions
4. For the woman/man fantasize the sexual romantic experience with me
As you can see, it’s not about what “I want to get” but how I do bring value,
valuable sexual and romantic experience to make the man/woman FEEL.
And all this takes knowledge and skill.
So I don’t worry about what I want. I focused on knowledge and skill, and that got
me what I want. Being myself, didn’t get me what I want but being a better
version of myself did.
One thing I made sure to learn fast…
I don’t have to fucking worry about what I want.
I know what I want.
I’m not bullshitting myself. I want to rip her clothes oﬀ and bang her senselness
until she has multiple orgasms. I want to give her the amazing sexual experience
and that doesn’t just mean sex. I mean the whole journey.
From the approach and right to seduction and relationship.
I know what I want but there is knowing what you want AND having the other
person desiring the same thing and with more intense feeling than you.
See what I did there?
It’s now focused more on the person and not on what you want to get. You know
what you want to get. You know how you feel.

It means FUCK ALL and this is why confessing it means shit too because people
who do that are missing the point.
It is about the other person and how they feel, and they need to feel the
excitment, the arousal, imaginate it too and connect it with you.
So forget about how to make a guy love you.
1. Start with how to make him feel alive when with you.
2. How to make his heart go boom boom without mind games.
3. How to make his dick hard by you just being with him.
4. How to make his emotions go wild and fantasize about you, and connect
these positive feelings he has with you.
Think of it this way…
People don’t care about what you want until you show how much you care
about what they want. They don’t care about what you know but they will
remember…how…you..make them..FEEL!”
The key words is..
The other person’s feelings, emotions, excitement and experience they have
when with you whether it is on text, phone or when face to face.
Now focus on that.
Making him feel awesome when with you and stay away from negativity, bullshit
play hard to get games, anything that confuses a guy and talk about love,
relationship. Focus on the guy and how to make him feel amazing with you to
want to be excited to be with you even more.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to maintain a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the best way, to maintain a successful relationship?

I cannot answer this question in speciﬁcs because everyone is at a diﬀerent level
when it comes to experience. Unfortunately, I ﬁnd most people have a lack of
experience, skill, maturity and knowledge in these matters.
It’s not just one thing.
There are diﬀerent knowledge and skills when it comes to relationship
management but I will say this…
Compatibility is a big issue in dating and relationships.
I ﬁnd most people either focus on the wrong things or they are too eager to let go
what’s important to them because of fear of being alone, and end up with
women/men who are really don’t give a shit, got too much baggage, and feeling
guilty for what they really desire.
Compatibility isn’t about looks, appearances, income, job, status, education,
culture abd religion.
It is an attitude.
A process in which lovers are willing to work towards each others happiness,
without letting go of their own individuality.
When you have this, then relationship isn’t that hard because both want each
other to be happy and will do whatever it takes to make it happen.

I ﬁnd most people are in fucked up relationships, where one of them is not
bothered and the other is still in the relationship due to their own insecurities,
when really, they’d walk away.
Plenty you see on here.
Like the guy whose wife cheated on him with his friend and she also now says
they just friends, and wants to hang out with the guy. And husband is passive,
timid, insecure and asking everyone what to do when really, a MAN of self respect
will divource her and drop her instantly.
But there we go.
Look for compatibility, or what we call the amazing click. Then you got to add the
knowledge and skills that lovers need to learn to help each other.
Compatibility, the mutual respect is needed.
Love is not enough.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Timmy Millark

Do guys appreciate a woman who's forthright about her
feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t think this question is about a woman who is already in a relationship. This
is a question I feel about someone you just met due to how you phrased the
question. Someone in a relationship with someone for years won’t ask this
question and if they do, their relationship is already in trouble.
For me personally, and I say personally because you’re asking people from their
own experience - I would like she doesn’t if we just met.
There is a diﬀerence to showing interest and sharing feelings.
Feelings like talking about love and how she ﬁrst saw me yada yada….to be left for
later. First ﬁnd out if I am interested and there is some history between each
other i.e. we have dated, kissed and have become sexually intimate many a times.
Show interest but don’t confess some feelings, devotions. Keep it light, fun, and
this removes awkwardiness.
Why?
1. You don’t know the guy that well if you just met him. It also means, if he
is not interested in you in that way….you haven’t spilt your gut. Keep that
kind of talk for someone who ﬁrst initiates through steps I mention
below.
2. It doesn’t mean she is desperate if she does share the feeling in begining
but remember, if he’s like me, experienced, we have met women who do
that and fuck oﬀ a month later. It’s just words and I don’t take words
seriously like that because action and consistency speaks louder.
He may have the same vast experience too. So be smart. You can still
show interest by doing it the smart way….
3. First ﬂirt, keep it fun, light hearted, not serious romantic, confessing
feelings. Smile, talk, sensual and….
4. Use physical touch when you converse, like it’s obvious you’re into him.
This isn’t about you telling the guy how you feel. That goes for guys who
are reading this. This is about how to make the OTHER person feel! It’s

about how you make them feel aroused, excited, captivated to want to
know you more and…date you.
5. Ask for my number and add you’d like to go out together for a drink
because you’d like to get to know me more than just friends. And be
cheeky about it, ﬂirt.
6. Use text to show attraction, be ﬂity and fun. Please don’t be like most
boring shit women, who cannot tell a guy is ﬂirting and acting all
innocent. The man is ﬂirting, ﬂirt and stop with the bullshit of being
oﬀended.
7. Then lead to the phone and again, show attraction, be ﬂirty with each
other as you get to know each other a little. 5–10 mins on phone, not too
long. Don’t mention ex, past relationship and negativity.
8. Now on phone suggest to go out or he will if he is experience. I know I
lead a lot but most men today, are just wussies, and play it safe. So if he
doesn’t lead, you lead, sugguest a place to meet, drink.
9. When you do meet assume you’re dating, be ﬂirty with each other, frame
it into a sexual lover meeting each other not platonic. You know what I
mean. Don’t play safe.
10. After dating a month or so, then you can confess some feelings. You can
do so in a couple of weeks.
There we go.
I went into more detail.
Keep the feeling talk for later and focus on ﬁrst getting through the ﬁrst, second,
third and right to the 9th step.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Girlfriend kissing another guy on a pic, then sending to me.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I know she loves me.”
For a 28 year old you sure have a skewed, weird and immature concept of love.
More like you’re needy, desperate for her pussy and overlooking tons of red ﬂags.
I’ll give you a hint…
1. She’s hanging out with her ex and letting you know too
2. She’s sending you photos of all that shit
3. More like a girl saying “I’m testing you out on if you got the balls to tell
me to fuck oﬀ but I know you haven’t. Yeah you want this young pussy,
tits and ass so bad, don’t you. I am manipulating you to be passive and
timid. Be jealous and give me some attention..”
It it is irrelevant why she sends that shit.
What you need to know is your boundaries and my boundaries are high. I’d have
already approached someone else and fucked all week.
Move on and get a grip of reality.
This isn’t love.
It’s a waste of your time.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

I'm currently working on an animation for a girl I like. I should
be done by September. Should I ask her out after I show it to
her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, like most inexperienced guys, you made a fatal error and you’re
going to ﬁnd out soon enough. One of these errors is you’re doing things to
impress a girl and biding your time by investing a lot in the beginning when you
needed to invest little ﬁrst.
By that I mean, you needed to avoid doing all that jazz nd just approached,
showed your intent, and she needed to show hers.
She must show hers by action.
Not words “I like you too.”
Instead you went up and played it safe by telling the girl you like her but what
you didn’t do is what most guys who are insecure do.
You didn’t…..ask her out.
Instead you made it all so serious. Doing hours of stuﬀ, making some game while
another guy can approach her with conﬁdence because he knows….he…is
enough. Girls don’t date because what you did for them but..
How…You…Made Them….FEEL!
You’re doing things out of insecurity not conﬁdence.
So now she is enjoying the attention and it can be that is ALL she wants and when
that attention is gone, you’re screwed.
You have started with..comfort ﬁrst instead of attraction.
The process is..
Attraction > qualify > comfort.
Attraction is when you approach and be playfun, light hearted and not serious,
like some romantic chump in a Hollywood movie, that does things for girls to
impress and win them over. Like that guy you see who buys a rose, or does her
homework or creates something to ﬁnd some other guy with balls didn’t need any
of that and conﬁdently approaches, with fun, light hearted and asks her out.
Qualify is when you show the girl that she knows you got standards but most of
all, she knows it’s not about her looks, body, sex you’re into only but her. So you
got to do what most guys scared to do…qualify her by asking her questions for her
to reply, so she MUST show her interest back to you.
If she doesn’t show interest back right there and then, bullshits about being busy
etc, it’s not good enough for you.
Comfort is when qualify has ended and so you mix attraction with a sprinkle of
attraction. That means, you get to know each other at a deeper level but still be
fun, not serious, and this happens when dating.
You need to know, YOU is enough!
If you isn’t enough for her, without all that jazz, well, in my simple, polite way, I
would think in my head, “she can fuck oﬀ back where she came from.”
Of course you don’t say that to her but you know where you now stand.
You’re not even on phase 1.

You skipped all 3.
The ﬁrst 2 steps can take around 5–10 minutes and it doesn’t take much
investment but you have now invested time, emotionally, time wise, and there is
no certainty she likes you…in a romantic way.
For all you know, when game is done, she will say thanks, she got her attention
but now she will say..
“oOoh I am so busy you know, so busy.”
Always invest less in the beginning or you ﬁnd yourself like most guys bitching
on her, talking about how you did this and that for a girl, and she’s lost interest.
Because she will lose interest.
Like doesn’t mean attraction.
You know when attraction is then when she qualiﬁes and goes on a date with you.
You messed up in the ﬁrst steps.
But you’re going to rationlise all kings of shit to me as most guys do.
Therefore, it’s best you learn the hard way and see then what I mean.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jacob Timon

What do you do when you've lost your girlfriend and you have
no friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My girlfriends are not my property, so I don’t lose them.
They have a choice to leave. They are not items I own the way we are socially
conditioned to believe, what deﬁnes us and what value we are by attaching
ourselves to someone else to see them as ours.
The second is you need to focus on a problem long before the girlfriend appeared:
1. Your own lack of resources
2. Your own mindset which has made girls as a centre of attention of your
world
3. Your own lack of purpose and goals that are not attached to the material
world, but rather the connections you make in this world, bringing value
to others rather than isolating yourself
4. Your choices which you made to not engage, participate, socialise and
get to know people in this world
5. Your own insecurities that prevents you socialising, mingling with
people.
6. Your own lack of self conﬁdence.
7. Your own lack of social skills, conversation skills and understanding
process on how to do connect with people at diﬀerent levels.
You got bigger problems than “losing a girlfriend and not having friends” because
these are feedback, the results of the mindset you have and the choices you made
in your life.
Start by ﬁrst going out in the world and socialise. Build your social network, your
resources, by investing in a set of social skills.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Pearson

My sister is always alone and never talks to anyone about
anything not necessary and spends most time online or on
games. What can we do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is not your sisters problem.
It’s your problem and most people’s problem who do not understand themselves.
You think she has a problem.
Why do you think so?
Here’s why.
Every human being has an ego state. Women as an example, when they date a guy
and know he’s got some ﬂaws that can impact them big time, do what so many do
today.
Their Ego Parent State kicks in.
They start applying the traite of their parents and the traite in which they said to
themselves they’d never do, never become but here they are, trying to ﬁx the
man, trying to change the man because he’s a bad boy, with 9 inch dick, excited
and not some fucking wuss and can stand up for himself BUT…he has other ﬂaws
and if she can ﬁx those ﬂaws…walla!
She’d have the man of her dreams, a relationship and the picket white fence but
she later realises, it won’t happen.
And so she blames him and..
“OOoh he’s a player.”
“He used me for sex.”
“Ooh he’s not serious yada yada yada.”
What happens is, the way it happens with me is I get pissed oﬀ, and I don’t give a
shit if she has amazing ass, cream sweet shaved smooth pussy, tits and cute
gorgeous face. I’d dump her ass and move on cause I can’t stand women like that.
Trying to change someone to one’s own requirement like a human being is some
label, a product, a thing to…..ﬁx.
You are doing the same to your sister.
You’re not only having this Parent Ego State but also the Professor Ego state. The
Professor tries to identify the problem due to their own insecurities, own fears
and what it looks like to for them to everyone else. The Professor will consult
other so called experts to rationalise their actions.
That they got a weird sister and it might look bad or whatever to society.
Then the Parent Ego State kicks in to try to ﬁx the problem, change the sister after
the problem has been identiﬁed but really….the problem is yourself.
The problem is…you’re own insecurities.
The problem is you think you’re normal and she’s abnormal.
The problem is your perception, you’re reality on how one lives and how one
shouldn’t live - instead of - engaging with her…..on…the stuﬀ…she likes doing.
Stop judging her.
Stop seeing she has a problem.

And start spending time with her in her world too and not just yours.
Your world for her sucks. Your world for her is boring,. Your world for her is
meaningless. Your world for her is probably scarey too because she sees everyone
playing games to FIT IN!
And so, she doesn’t want to ﬁt in.
She enjoys silence, playing online games, doing whatever,
How about being part of her world and she will probably want to be part of yours.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Can you sleep with other people if you're dating someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can do whatever I want. My rules and there will be women with same rules too
i.e. we don’t believe in monagamy.
So it’s not about can’t or can, should or shouldn’t.
I’m not that socially conditioned due to training myself to not fall for the guilt
regarding sex and the socially constructed social norm, traditions and inventions
regarding relationships, marriage, invention of shame, invention of modesty and
rules regarding sex.
The women I date know from day one due to my behaviour, how I approach and
what I say from day one, what I am looking for.
Like now, I am in Spain, Barcelona.
Lots of women, gorgeous women on holiday and they are not looking for
relationship but fun, pleasure, sex, no ties, and that’s ﬁne by me because I am the
same.
It has been amazing this week that gone by since being in Spain.
As long one is honest with the person, no problem and if by being honest from
day one, women are not interested….good! They go away fast from me which is
what I want. It’s good also they take responsibility for their sexuality, know what
they want and don’t want instead of saying..
“He used me for sex.”
Nop. Never had that problem because I’m up front and that way we know where
we stand. Got no problem having a women walk way because of it either.
I don’t see anything wrong about having having sex with women, while seeing
other women. Gone past the socially constructed bullshit. As long you’re upfront
about it, you save plenty of time with women playing that “I want a relationship
only with one man.” Good. Go and ﬁnd that man but not with me.
12.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

Is a guy right who uses girls only for his sexual desires?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I could ask the same but in a diﬀerent way.
Is it right for girls to not take responsibility for their own sexuality, and just say
no?
Since they know they want relationship and guy doesn’t, and by the way, they do
fucking know, let’s get that right…..then why doesn’t the girl walk away?

Yes I use girls a lot and they use me a lot and we enjoy it, love it, it’s pleasure,
enthralling, and we take responsibility for our sexulity.
It’s not ethical to use anyone but if it is mutual, where people are honest about
what the want, awesome.
But most are not.
Like girls who dont take responsibility for their sexuality.
Just say no and walk away. Just say you want a relationship and unwilling to put
more time if it’s only sex.
That simple.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if today’s dating rituals really infuriate me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What modern world?
You think anything changed because you got the internet, cars, ipads, mobile
phones? This has been going way before you and I was born.
It’s not new.
It’s been going on for decades.
There’s a word.
Just say no.
Read your words. The ﬁrst two words..
“I hate..”
Hate?
What do you know about love when you start with the word hate?
What do you know about love when you do not appreciate you live in a world
where everyone deﬁnes love as something else than what you do?
What do you know about love when you do not appreciate that every human
being has a need, a desire?
What do you know about love when you cannot say no to sex when you’re not
ready?
If people deﬁne relationship as a good fuck and then leave, so be it.
If some people deﬁne relatinship as a fuckbuddy everyweek so be it.
If some people deﬁne relationship as one to one relationship without marriage, so
be it.
If some people deﬁne relationship as having multiple relationship without
marriage so be it.
If some want marriage, so be it.
The who loves has an open mind, knowledge way beyond your understanding
and embraces that all human beings will be attracted and drawn to what they
desire….and…it is ok.
If you don’t want any of that, great.

No one forced you to.
All you’re doing is projecting nothing more but your own anger, insecurities,
failures and bad experience regarding dating - and- not taking responsibility for
your own choices. Pointing it at the modern world.
Right now, this has nothing to do with anyone or the human race.
You do whatever you want.
How about saying no to sex and take responsibility for your own sexuality
because that is all this is about.
It’s about choices, that….you made.
Not what the world did to you.
Look in the mirror.
Talk to that person for real. That’s the person who is getting you into such spots.
Fuck the modern world.
Talk to that person in the mirror.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I told him i want to marry him and he told me i am way better
without him.What does he mean by that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is not enough information but I’ll take it as you know this guy. First, you’re
not ready to marry this guy even if he said yes.
You know why?
If you cannot even ask this guy what it means and asking strangers here, then
why are you asking him to marry you?
You need to be at such a level of closness and connection, as well as openess, if
you want to marry this guy to be able to ask him what he means.
So in a way I am glad you’re not marrying this guy because you’re not ready. You
have some growing up to do especially when you’re asking the wrong question.
Instead of what of asking what it means, you needed to ask yourself…
“What do I want?”
When you’re mature and have self respect you’re going to know this guy is
someone you don’t want in your life anyway. You want better. You CAN do better.
He didn’t say yes.
He didn’t even have the balls to tell you the truth.
That he’s not interested in you to marry you because he is like most people. Full
of shit. They hate conﬂict. They hate awkwardiness and so, you never really see
who they really are.
They are all smiles in your face.
They all, nodding, yes, yes but when it comes to the real deal, they dissappear.
They don’t reply, text back, phone, or meet up.
He’s that guy.
The guy who avoids conﬂict and awkwardiness to say he’s not interested in you.

In other words, he’s letting you down easily.
If that’s not clear enough. He said no and you don’t look at what it means and
take it as a no because it’s not a good answer for you.
Therefore, move on.
293 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

What does that mean if a guy says he loves you but doesn't want
to marry you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he doesn’t want to marry you.
A man can love a woman, be in relationship but doesn’t want to marry for many
reasons. One of them is he’s not into the social norm, socially constructed,
invention made for society called…marriage.
Maybe he already has been or maybe he has seen others married and didn’t work
out for them. Whatever the reason and what it means, is irrelevant. If you wanted
to marry him then you would be close enough to communicate and ask him what
that means than strangers on Quora.
Because no one here can read his mind and everyone here will only share their
opinions, ﬁlled with their perceptions, their experience, their fears and
insecurities, and hopes, which might bear nothing to what it means to the guy.
You need to ask the right questions.
What do you want?
If you want marriage then go and be with a man who wants marriage too.
And if you want to know why and what it means, ask him.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dianna Park

What should I do if the guy I just met ask me if I would like to
marry him soon? He's 37 and I'm 23
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget him.
Forget any guy asking you for marriage.
You are not ready.
No, not because of him but because any woman, and even a man, goes online,
asking strangers about marriage for a decision which spells out..
“What you should I do?”
You better do some living, growing up and have some sense, and maturity to
make your own mind up on such important matters.
He should run from you for asking people on here about such decisions.
And you should run from him, for him not being mature to ﬁrst get to know you,
for at least a damn year or two. To me he’s needy, desperate, the type “looking for
love,” and probably such a nice guy, gullible.
Trying to cover some insecurities and pain from past. He needs to grow up too
and work on himself.
You’re asking strangers, about marriage.

1. This is a long term comittment
2. This impacts you’re life
3. This impacts children to come if you have them/and both want them
4. This has legal implications too
Now, forget the guy and go a livesome more.
You’re not ready.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if my brothers friend is just nice to me or ﬂirting
with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Same with what Alison said. You only know when you talk to him, get a feel of
whether you…like him and then ask him out for a drink.
Just note one thing…
Friction.
He’s your brother’s friend, so he might be worried about your brother, even if he
is interested. So make it easier on him, don’t embarrass him, don’t ask your
brother something like hints and he with his bullshit fucks it up for you, by
saying something stupid to him.
I like a girl who can keep things to herself and that’s one thing most can’t do. It’s a
value I admire.
First sort it with guy and see if he’s interested and take it from there. For all you
know, he’s not interested but he might be too. Just make it easy not diﬃcult for
him by talking to him because situation can’t be easy even if he was interested in
you.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Chrissy Ann

If a guy quickly looks at my breasts and then into my eyes while
talking to me, does it mean he's attracted to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means nothing. Stop even bothering about what men look at and that goes for
men who say “she looked at me for 3 seconds and turns away, is she interested in
me.”
It’s natural for men to look at your cleavage, breasts and ass.
I could see you and your breasts and cleveage and look. It doesn’t mean shit. It
just means you’re a woman with breasts, nothing unique, nothing special and
only time you are, if I approach or you approach, and we ﬂirt, and you put time
into the interaction as I am.
I am in Spain, Barcelona at the moment and as you can imagine, it is sunny, sexy
women everywhere, bouncing tits, tight short with ass shaped delicious. They get
my attention but that is all.
You think when I see these women, I am interested in them to date them?
Of course not. I am just enjoying looking at gorgeous women in Spain. Nothing
else and nothing more.
Looking doesn’t means I am interested.

It means she got my attention but so does a billboard with a woman’s ass. So does
a career woman with tight waiste and short skirt and high heels.
Only time it means something is when a guy approaches and he probably won’t
because most women are unapproachable, wondering..
“Does he like me?”
Instead of showing interest and doing what most women forget to do. Flirt.
So when a man sees your breasts or ass, or face. He just noticed you but it means
shit. Nothing whatsoever, if nothing proactive happens.
You become…history.
And his eyes will look at someone else and she be history. On and on it goes until
either he approaches or the woman does something for him to do so.
45.3k Views · View Upvoters

How long does love last if the lovers don't see each other for a
long time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love isn’t enough and it depends on the two people.
Personally, I won’t even bother. I see as much never mind love if I am not seeing
someone, not even talk, nor text for a year. This is the 21st century. You can even
send a damn letter through the post if both are so hard up in shit.
So for me, it won’t last more than a month and really, I got a smart head on me. I
won’t even bother if the logistics in the beginning, shows me a lot of problems
like to things like communication. This is important to me so I won’t bother with
her if I know that’s what’s going to happen with a woman who says she’s
interested in me.
Not going to even bother because I am not following Hollywood, Bollywood,
Disney, romance on what love is.
So I won’t even have such a relationship.
People have dumped their partners for a lot less. Yes, love is that ﬁckle and that is
why it is not enough. You need other things involved.
Communication is very important.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Usman Ghani

If a guy texts "great to meet you," the morning after a date, is he
not really interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he doesn’t know what to say, inexperienced and shit at communicating
what he really means. So he plays it safe “great to meet you.”
I know, not much to go on but…he took action to say “he’s great to meet you.”
Now what planet you live on if you cannot see this a guy who is interested in you?
Because what you want him to say?
“You got amazing cute face, so hot, amazing ass and those tits, I want to hammer
you tonight baby!”
You probaby do what most insecure women do.

“OOooh he wants sex.”
So he’s doing what is necessary to keep connection with you because let’s face it.
He is playing safe, he is just toning it down, he is not ﬂirting, and probably shit at
ﬂirting too but most won’t…because just in case you judge the guy as a player.
And most of women do exactly that.
So take it he’s interested and show vulnerability. If you want him to ﬂirt, you ﬂirt.
He won’t dare. He’s a nice guy. Nice guys text that shit.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I still fat if I am ﬁt?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe, talk to someone who is a specialist in regarding body types kind of things,
you know, genetics, and you might ﬁnd a lot of amazing stuﬀ about yourself.
Maybe…
1. What type of body you are. Genetics. Learn more about your body by
consulting a professional. For example:
Edomorphs - Fat retainers
Mesmorphs - Atheletic
Ectomorphis - Skinny
2. Are you sleeping enough?
3. Are you recovering enough?
4. Are you drinking sugar or Caﬀeine too much? Read up about cortisol.”
Please do talk to a coach in your gym or locally.
You might get more help, questions will be asked, looking at your diet, your
training and recovery. You’ll get a more tailored specialist and more precise
advice but most of all, you’ll learn about your body type, the genetics and you
probably need a diﬀerent type of training and diet.
Just know, genetics does play a part when it comes to your ﬁgure and all you see
in magazine is photoshopped. Some women have surgeries and all that.
Plus, we can’t know without speciﬁc data and it is a specialising question that
needs a specialists to talk to and work with you.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should guys ask out girls or do girls ask out guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know there were two people I knew who had that delima.
You know what happened to them?
Life taught them one helluva lesson.
First the girl. She waited for this guy to ask her out and waited, and waited until
one day, another girl saw the same guy. Immediately she and her friends
approached him and started talking to him.
Her friends left, she stayed and she ﬂirted with him.
Man, she was good at it too. I was watching from the cafeteria and the same day,
after work, they met and well, they started dating.

I see this often in my life and I hear and that is why there is a thing called ‘missed
connection.’ The name is kind if ironic because you don’t miss anything. It’s more
like “I missed my chance because I made a decision to not make an eﬀort due to
fear, lack of balls/backbone.’
Go ahead, look at so many as an example on craiglist. I use it and other websites
as a source for a book I’m writing for ideas.
You see on these website the many women who aaw a guy she liked but does
nothing. This the same with guys too. It’s not a gender issue.
It happens with guys and girls.
Now what happened to these two, when the girl did take action?
They are now married and my friend, that one girl who waited, she’s gutted.
He didn’t know she liked him.
How could he with her hints and signals. The other girl didn’t do any of that. She
knew why it’s best to approach when she liked a guy because it happened to her.
So she made sure, no more waiting and doing what most girls do.
Now my other friend, a guy liked a girl.
I didn’t know he liked this girl. Me and him were smart about one thing. If we
liked a girl, we didn’ say it. Like some guys who can’t keep their mouth shut.
He didn’t do anything and waited….waited….waited….looking for signals, looking
for hints and all that kind of bullshit.
The things that piss me oﬀ when a girl does it.
I can’t stand that shit.
But here I was one day, walking through college and I saw a gorgeous, tall, red
head woman. A teacher. That’s right. The same girl he liked and yes, he was and
still is a teacher.
I wasn’t even studying but came to see my friend near the end of the time he’d
ﬁnish work.
I immediately approached her and started ﬂirting. She asked if I was a student
and I just said, no and….she can’t make that excuse :)
Yes, I am cheeky bastard.
Not into playing safe and cannot stand dancing around what I wanted to say. She
laughed and after sometime, back and forth ﬂirting then serious talk, I got her
number.
The same week my friend came to meet me at the bar.
Guess who walks in 10 minutes later and kisses me on the lips?
The girl he liked for 3 fucking years and did nothing,
He later told me on phone..
“But she’s the one I like!”
“Tough. You had 3 years and did shit. I had one minute and done.”
I dated her for 3 years.
That’s why it doesn’t matter who approaches who.

Yes we know about social conditioning and bullshit women fed with regarding
man approaching ﬁrst and same guys for guys too.
Most men fearing rejection, which is the bases of this question.
Fear.
But if you don’t approach, just know, someone else will.
So if you like someone, don’t assume they know. Approach. No more signals. No
more hints. You do that and the world will pass you by.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like it when a guy notices small changes in her hair?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m not interested if a girls likes because like doesn’t mean attraction. There is
like and there is “wanting to date you.”
Best you focus on the action you’re fearful of than compliment girls.
Like asking her out.
Because compliment a girl who isn’t your girlfriend, is a sure way if saying you
like her but you are scared and intimidated to ask her out..
So one one hand she may like your compliment but on other, it shows you have
no status i.e. your behaviour doesn’t demonstrate you have balls.
Instead you’re playing safe.
Second, you think girls don’t get enough compliments?
Most nice guys do all those compliments to get validated and you will but it
doesn’t mean she will date you.
There is like and there is attracton.
Like doesn’t mean attraction.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a woman licks her lips while looking
at your body when you look?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you need to say to her..
1. You’re lips are dry. Here, let me wet it for you.
2. No, I meant, do you want a drink not a blow job
Then you qualify and see if she up her ass with political correctness and how men
shouldn’t be rude or she laughs and says you’re a cocky bastard, and so let the
ﬂirting begins if she’s interested to ﬂirt.
On a serious note..
Have some balls or if you’re a woman, have backbone.
Stop looking for signals.
Just relax. Have some fun. Approach because hesitency kills attraction if there is
any. It’s so boring when people do that.
It doesn’t sell the “it meant to be.”

When does a heart go Boom Boom?
Not when it knows you’re approaching but when you approach instantly, like a
surprise. Looking for signals you kill that and it is all about fear of rejection.
It’s called control.
You cannot control who likes you and who doesn’t.
It’s in their mind.
Attraction is not a choice.
But love is and love takes time, but attraction is KABOOOOOM! Instant! You can’t
control it. It’s chemicals kicking oﬀ from whatever is in the map of the mind of
this person.
So forget looking for hints because people are very good at pretending, lying,
doing things for nothing more than attention and you could be wasting so much
time on a woman or a man who is needy for nothing more than……attention.
Or the person is doing it because they are nervous and so their whole body
system is trying to calm the body down from anxiety.
I lick my lips but that doesn’t mean “I want to eat your pussy right now baby!” Or
“I want to swim in those luscious lips.”
No. It means I need a damn drink and how come when I am thirsty there’s no
shops around to buy some water. Why do I keep forgetting my bottle of water at
home.
It could mean that and a hundred of other things.
So approach fast and screen in or out.
You’ll know where the person stands and you’ll know either you are wasting time
or you got someone who is interested in you.
Let go of the control.
It is fear based.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Does ignoring a girl make her like you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if the girls are very interested in you and very, very, very, very needy. Believe
me, these girls will do your head in.
You also don’t do much favours if a girl is interested in you and you ignore.
You see, the playing hard to get tells a girl this..
1. You don’t show interest
2. But when she doesn’t show it back….
3. You then show interest
4. Then she stops and you got to chase
5. It’s like a vicious circle
6. And for all you know, that is all she likes. Attention
7. Now you got yourself in a Jam
8. And wasting time

By that time, I would have already ﬂirted with her, conversed, gone on dates with
her, we had fun, got to know each other, kissed, held hands, fucked in every
position you can imagine and eat her out and she did same to me.
Life is good. Believe, when a man approaches and gets rejected, you can move on
fast to someone else.
The faster you learn to move on, the faster you attract a girl that desires you.
But you will still be on step 1.
Not showing interest. Ignoring the girl.
So keep doing that because you make it easier for guys like me with a ton of
experience to step in and sweep her oﬀ her feet with our conﬁdence, our social
skills and knowledge on how to truly build on attraction.
Remember, you are not the only guy who has seen this girl and if I knew you was
chasing, I don’t care, I’m going to step in. You should have made your move. Not
my problem. So don’t wait!
That goes for girls too.
If girls play hard to get then then the message is…
1. You only show interest…
2. When he ignores
3. When he ignores then you chase
4. Then when he chase…
5. You stop
6. Now it’s his turn
7. WTF?!?!
Then one of the girls who read my stuﬀ and got coached, steps in, and doesn’t
play hard to get and turns him on so much, you have lost the guy. She has stepped
in and kaboooooom!
He’s now got a girlfriend and you’re stuck doing same bullshit to someone else.
Not a great strategy.
Yes, we know, “it’s about ﬁltering out guys because serious ones will chase, invest
and blah blah.”
Pull the other one.
It’s social conditioning and neediness..
Lots of people now are getting the idea and so if they ﬁnd someone doing that
game, they will ignore and move on.
Except if they so needy for validation.
This might help as well..
Should guys ask out girls or do girls ask out guys?
24.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why does the girl who rejected me like my instagram posts?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you told her you don’t want to be friends which from comments you left that is
what you said, then it’s because..
1. She is psychologically seducing you to be passive, timid
2. She knows you like her now
3. Now it’s a game for her to get validation. Thinking you’re you’re like most
nice guys who got her on a pedestal
4. To chase her
5. And give her attention
6. So ignore her and do not fall for that bullshit
She got her chance to date you.
You told her you do not want to keep in touch to be friends.
So let her like whatever, you don’t respond.
In time, she will see what she’s doing doesn’t work and bugger oﬀ doing same to
another guy, who fall for that crap.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Are men attracted to loud women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Are men attracted to loud women?

Maybe. I won’t know about any man who would but for me, personally, not a
damn chance. No way in hell will I be dating a loud woman of the description
you’re talking about. I’ll be fucking stay miles away from such women.
I like women who are feminine, they are conﬁdent, don’t need to shout, act all
aggressive and I won’t tolerate that shit. It be over and I’ll be gone.
So I don’t know about other men but I know some will be desperate, some don’t
care, some will date and fuck anything with pussy but for me, no.
I know what I want and don’t want and that’s one woman I don’t ever want in my
life.
636 Views · View Upvoters

I want a girlfriend. How can I get one?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s how….
1. Go online
2. Search girlfriend dolls
3. Choose the one with amazing plastic eyes and tits, and cute face
4. Then order it
You have now got a girlfriend :)
And she comes with 100% guarantee. Gives you lip, send her back!
Step two…
1. Go online
2. Find a website for escorts

3. Look for the one with gorgeous curves, face, tits and the amazing ass. If
she shows pussy as well, awesome. In details it will say..
“For $3,000 for a full night I will be your gurlfriend. Go out, treat you
right, sleep and fuck you, and in morning I will leave without any
headaches most girlfriends come with.
You now found an expensive girlfriend for the one day/night without any
insecurities coming from her about sex, and how all men want sex and “what are
we?”
Step Three
1. Move your fucking ass
2. Go outside
3. Socialise, mingle
4. Approach lots of women
5. Get rejected many a times
6. Keep going
7. Invest in knowledge regarding women psychology, social skills,
communication skills
8. Keep getting rejected
9. But suddenly you get better and realise everything you learnt about
women, what your mummy, daddy, friends, society said was a load of
crap. Now you are wiser, smarter but you still got some work to do inside
of yourself.
10. You start to get a YES but fuck it up with your neediness and you get
dumped many a times by girls
11. You later learn the hard way about being a man
12. And you attract a girl who you’re attracted to, who is attracted to you,
and you put all you learnt from your mistakes, and now…you got a
girlfriend.
How long it will take you?
Depends how deep in shit with insecurities, fear of rejection you are in and how
much you got to learn in regards to knowledge/skills.
If you don’t approach it be slower, painful and if you do many approaches in
week, the learning gets faster.
How long does the relationship last?
Fuck knows.
But hey….you asked how do you get a girlfriend.
You didn’t say how to keep the relationship ﬂying high for many years.
That’s a diﬀerent story altogether :)
54.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ravin Patel

My ex has blocked me on social media, but not on the phone. Is
he trying to keep a window open?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. He has closed that window in which everyone else doesn’t see you as
boyfriend and girlfriend. Phone is not an issue because no one knows you’re on
his phone except you and him, and spies of broadcast companies :)
But on social media, you’re in a diﬀerent social dynamic rule.
You are now an ex.
So since you are, he wants to make sure as I would, everyone knows you and him,
are not in a relationship. Now the windows opened for others to see he is
available.
It’s not rocket science.
Communication on phone or text is between you and him.
Social media, just having you on his friend list is communication to the world, to
everyone who knows him on facebook, and that probably also means his friends,
relatives but also…other…girls.
So now all the girls, all his friends, anyone else on there sees him as…..single.
You are a standby.
You’re like the ex who is looking for hope.
You is the ex girlfriend, when all doesn’t work for him and he can’t get a fuck, and
he lacks resources, and gets lonley….he will call you to step in as his…girlfriend.
And you will be wasting time while many guys want to date you but you are too
busy asking questions on what the ex does and why he does it because you’re
curious.
Move on.
1. Block on social media
2. Delete or block on your phone
3. Then get your sexy tight body in your dress
4. And celebrate with your friends, dance, drink, have fun and…Ooooh
there is a guy approaching you. What do you know.
See how awesome it is when you move on?
It’s fantastic.
22.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if a guy only wants me sexually?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

All men want sex except if they asexual or whatever else.
The diﬀerence between you and a guy who is a man, sexual human being, with
desires and who sees a woman and attracted to her is….he isn’t insecure about
sex.
He doesn’t see every woman as “the one” and no one can ever promise that to a
man. He doesn’t see sex as love.
He can separate these while most women cannot. He can desire many women
while most women ﬁnd it diﬃcult to believe it can be so. That if he fucks another
woman, dates another woman, then he cannot love her too.

It just impossible. How can it be he has SEX with another woman and still be able
to love her? The Hollywood movies, romance movels, Plato, society said it cannot
happen. Her friends said guys like that are…players (roll eyes)
She thinks that because of her own insecurities.
The fantasy of Disney, that you can only love one person at a time. The soul mate.
The marriage. The one and only. Plato and his shit soul mate stories :
So if a woman doesn’t want sex with me, she is telling me she doesn’t trust me…
So if you want a guy who sees you more than sex, no problem.
Say no.
This is a bad habit that is taught in society.
From looking for hints and meaning in beginining and now looking for signals if
a guy wants a girl only for sex.
You think we men haven’t evolved to know you fear this?
You think guys don’t access the internet to know what concerns women
these days when it comes to dating?
You think for a moment we don’t know you fear being seen as a slut,
whore, too easy and you’re worried about being dumped after a guy has
had sex?
You think we haven’t the skills to run circles around you? Give over.
Some of us have become masters of dating and women psychology. Most
won’t know their head from their ass by time we’re done.
So the best way is just say no because for a woman who thinks she knows shit,
another man will be smarter, more experience and knowledgeable than her. Very
skilled and she won’t even know he’s a player.
Of course we know your fears.
We know exactly what you think when men approach and what you ask your
friends, and what you ask online, like right now, on Quora.
See how easy it is for man to know what you fear?
All he got to do is demonstate a traite that brings wall down and you will have
your pussy pounded and begging for it too.
You be smart then and say…NO.
We can pretend in ways you cannot even imagine and you will be naked, ready,
banging away and you won’t know a damn thing what we know about women.
We PRETEND we don’t know.
And you BELIEVE we don’t understand you.
We know you like the “it meant to be.”
We know the ﬁrst thing you’d do is frame every date into a relationship model.
You hope for it so bad because you have been conditioned to do so.
Like it happens in movies and romance novel.
The ones who really dont understand are kids, little boys still looking for hints,
like little girls who also look for subtle hints.
Still at “crushing stage” and haven’t approached hundreds of girls, and faced
hundreds of rejections and more, to learn what to do and how.

But for some of us who have, we know more than most will ever know. That path
most haven’t the courage to try. The fear of rejection is too much for them but for
some of us, it is just part of how it is.
It’s become natural and it doesn’t bother us as much. We see it as part of the
process to ﬁlter, screen out and to move very fast to the next woman.
Real women, WOMEN do not give hints.
They are as strong, as powerful, as purposeful as men are when it comes to
attracting men and they are masters of ﬂirting, and attracting men.
And when they do not want sex, they say no.
So make it easy on yourself…
Take responsibility for your sexuality and don’t blame any man for being a man
who wants sex. None of this…. “he used me.”
You got a choice. Excercise that choice.
Women have fought for you to have that right, that choice. Men have fought wars
to establish that right for women and men to be able to choose YES or NO.
In other countries, many do not have that choice.
Many are arranged married by force. Many marry out of fear and obligation.
Many live a life of so many lives before them.
You have this amazing power right now called choice.
1. You don’t take a man home.
2. You don’t be alone at his home
3. And third, if he pushes for sex and you don’t want to, say no, you’re not
ready and like to get to know him more.
That is it.
The world is ﬁlled with people who are good at manipulation but when you
know…yourself and you know what you want then it is easy as..
NO.
No one can manipulate you and make you feel guilty or anything. You know
yourself. You don’t need signals and hints.
You can’t read someone’s mind.
I am versed in body language and it took me 25 years and still I miss sometimes
but I know when to say NO and this has saved me many a times.
You take responsibility for your choices and he can take responsibility for his.
When you do, you will feel this amazing pride in yourself.
That pride is the spirit of the women who came before you, standing beside you
and the many men and women who fought in wars, battles for you and me, to
have that choice.
Forget signals.
Forget looking for hints.
Instead, be conﬁdent, enjoy yourself with the guy, do not test him and instead, be
someone when something like that comes up and you are not ready, use your
given right choice and say…NO.

More powerful, more conﬁdence, than looking for signals on whether a guy is this
or a guy is that.
This is the 21st century and the age of the internet.
Guys can surf the internet and know all the worries of girls and use it. It isn’t that
hard when most of you yearn for validation, acceptance and approval.
Take a look at all these selﬁes on Facebook and Instagram. It literally screams of,
“look at me. Give me attention. Aren’t I…good looking?”
So forget him. Forget the guy.
Know….your….self.
If you do not want to say so and stand by it. Don’t take him home to test him out.
Don’t sit with him trying to test him out. Don’t do any tests.
Let it go because you have that power called CHOICE.
Say no when it happens.
One word. Two letters.
NO.
The right guy who even if he is a player but has decency to respect your choice,
will back oﬀ and respect it.
The social psychopath, Narcissits won’t give a shit.
16k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I still single? I would like to be in a relationship, but
they never work out. I have a great personality, I’m kind,
optimistic, smart (I’m always in AP or honors classes), I have a
really nice body, and I’m pretty. What am I doing wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re thinking far too much and you got it way upside down. It is interesting
how so many people just never took the time to learn about themselves, because
if they did, truly, if they did, they’d know the above traites mean sod all to
attraction phase with dating.
They’d be honest what gets them attracted to someone instantly when they see a
person. For real, it’s not personality.
Yes, Honesty.
Do you really think that the knowledge I got…. women…give a shit about that?
No they don’t!
You don’t approach because of all that.
It’s all visual.
I have attracted, dated women and sex, and they didn’t even know 99% about
what I know because it’s never about what you know.
It’s about how….you…make a woman feel.
That goes for you too. How do you make these guys feel when they see you?
These traites you added in the detail only matter later on, after attraction, in the
comfort stage, in relationship stage. So right now, you’re not even in base one.

You’re not even close.
You’re miles away.
You’re like hidden from the masses.
The busy career women who complain how guys don’t approach but they busy,
they behave unavailable and do not get involved to show they are available.
You are like so many women and men, who think your degree, your personality,
your optimism, smartness (not smart really if you don’t know what I am saying
here already) and you got a nice body, nice tits, erected nipples and ass is what
does the job for…..compelling a guy to walk over.
But Wait!
Let’s throw that end part of your details too….
Like it matters..
“I am not cocky/stuck up.”
And
“I don’t care about looks.”
Where have you been all my life, eh girl? Where?
Jeeesh! Because I hear tons of your girls on here talking that shit but nowhere to
be seen in world we live in.
I see you walking about. I see you in night clubs. I see you everywhere and
everywhere is where guys are. I don’t see you showing interest to that average guy
who got no clothes sense.
Or the guy who looks big on top but got chicken legs for not training them at the
gym.
Or the artist who you don’t know is an artist because what does an artist looks
like, but….he’ll ﬂoor you and many in drawing, paining, singing, songwriting,
poery and has read hundreds after hundreds of books.
You didn’t see him did you and he’s probably standing beside you right now, at
the bus stop, or train station, and he saw you but you are not smiling at him at all.
You are are bothered about the……look.
Yes the look.
You’re better than Catwoman.
Mastered the art of being gorgeous but invisible :)
Not much use then, is it?
I mean you work so hard putting the make up on, brushing those eye lashes,
cleaning your hair, getting it ﬂowing and shiny, and do what?
Nothing.
Like a….Lamp Posts.
Yes, advertising Lamp posts that no one reads. Everyone walking by, busy, busy
with their life because everywhere around you is glittering.
Probably 20 women right now with gorgeous ﬁgure, face, ﬂowing hair, tits, ass,
and fuck shoes. Oh sorry. High Heels.
Seriously though….

Give over love. You’re bullshitting yourself like everyone does who says they don’t
care about looks. Of course you fucking care about looks.
We all do to a certain extent.
I wish I could meet one honest person who just says it.
“YES, I do care about looks in the beginning but when I get to know someone, if they
really got kick ass personality, that turns me so on, then YES, personality matters!”
When will we ever hear someone say that?
When? I mean, what harm does it do to say the damn truth?
Why lie, right?
If only people just honest but hey, we all lie.
We all wear the social mask. We all afraid. Yes, we are afraid in society. Women
have two languages.
One the survival.
The social mask..
“I do not wear the dress, make up for men.”
But then the other language is hidden…
“I do not wear the dress and makeup for men but to compete with women, to GET
THE ATTENTION OF MEN!”
You hear it all time.
“Do I look fat in this babes?”
You are not asking that at all. You’re asking…
“Show me attention. Tell me I look gorgeous. You haven’t been giving me attention.”
See what you did there?
Interesting isn’t it?
If truth was attractive, really, women would unzip me right now and give me a
blow job all day and night.
But we know, don’t we?
Truth in attraction is bullshit.
What women want is FEELING. The exciting. Boom boom goes the heart.
Infatuation. Chemicals ticking.
“I don’t care about looks!” you say.
So if some ugly fuck, I mean, really ugly, guy with all teeth rotten, dressed like
shit, you think you won’t care about looks. If he is OBESE, BIG, MASSIVE, you
won’t care about the looks?
You will follow the map you have been socially conditioned with. That is why you
do not take action.
You’re following the mainstream..
“The LOOK!”
You’re following what is favourable to your peers, society and those around you.
That is why you want the guy to approach you.

Because if you do - it might make you LOOK like you’re too easy, a slut, a whore
which by the way is complete bollocks and these labels exist to train girls, women
like yourself to believe in that crap.
Social conditioning! Or societal programming.
Call it what you will but this is why….
Like Cinderalla, being saved! Like Sleeping Beauty. The Prince come to save the
day, ﬁnd her, kiss her and walla!
Good girls never approach guys.
They are princesses. They are good girls.
No, don’t be a naught girl. Be a good girl or what it be like to everyone else and the
guy you want, huh?
Don’t have sex on ﬁrst date. Oooh no. Bad girl.
You fear what others think of you. The look. You worry what other girls think of
you if you approached guys. The look. You worry and concerned what the guys
think of you if you approached. The…Look!
You are not proactive because how it LOOKS to everyone around you, when you
approach a guy and how it looks to the guy if you did! And how it looks on you if
you got rejected in front of people.
You are more worried about the look than you can even possibly imagine.
So what you got to do now?
Like most women do?
Dress up and wear the fuck shoes. Oh sorry, High Heels and compete with other
women to STAND OUT, for a man to notice you.
“No I don’t do it for me,” most women will say.
One of my girlfriends went to a sex shop to buy one of these pussy remote control
toys and her friend said..
“I never use such toys.”
My girlfriend looked at her and replied,
“Girl, stop fucking bullshitting me. You masturabate in shower, probably worse
than me, with the pillow.You see men you like and do nothing. I SEE YOU. Don’t
bullshit another woman. I am WOMAN so are you. I’m not a man to lie to about
your sexuality! Don’t be silly woman!”
Her friend shut up and…went to buy a toy,.
The guilt gone out of the window and now her friend knows she can be free to be
sexual and be able to talk about these things.
So yes, you wear to compete.
You do it to compete with women, because the other option is having the
backbone to approach guys..literally and most women won’t even do that.
So you bang the make up on! The look. The tight short dress on! The cute eye
lashes on! The fuck shoes on! The ass out. The shoulders back and tits forward.
And let the battle amongst women begin to get the attention of men.
Remember what I wrote in the beginning?

“Honesty..”
Yes, you are bothered about the “look.”
That is why you are not succeeding in dating.
Lack of honesty on your situation.
Let me guess how it is with your life..
1. You’re behaving busy
2. You’re head down when you walk
3. You don’t look at guys and smile
4. You’re not proactive in approaching guys to talk
5. You don’t ever ﬂirt
6. You don’t know how to
7. And you expect your body, your looks, your personality shine in the sky
like BATMAN?
The reason why you are not dating is you are unapproachable.
You’re probably like most women who walk into shops. You’re not smiling and a
cute guy is next to you. You like what you see but do fuck all about it.
You believe in this fantasy, disney it will happen because it meant to be. You are
worried what it LOOKS like to the guy if you did intiate.
But you forget,.
You fear rejection but so do all these guys you see as well. They are sick and tired
of rejection. So all that info about rejection is past down from one guy to another
and now, they are very wary in approaching because they are insecure like you
are.
You only need one question.
Are you being approachable, being proactive or standing there like a doll, hoping
guys will approach?
The answer is no….
You don’t behave like you want guys to approach you.
You don’t smile at them
You look disinterest
You don’t take interest
You don’t ask for the guy’s number
You don’t do anything of the sort
That’s why…..you’re single.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys always moan?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. They are young and immature

2. They are inexperienced with social skills
3. They are inexperienced about sex
4. They are inexperienced about life in general
5. They lack understanding what true Masculinity is and no, I don’t mean
letting woman walk all over you and being a wuss, passive aggressive
fool. Or shouting loudly like a cave man and making someone feel shit.
I mean he doesn’t have to get attention by humiliating woman in front of
his friends.
6. They are attention seekers
7. They are brain washed, socially conditioned to try to seek approval from
their peers and anyone else around them.
8. They have no social status
9. They got to do things louder
10. So they think it’s the social norm and so they do it to be validated,
accepted, ﬁt in with their peers who probably more of idoits than they
are.
That’s why some guys do that.
Now if you also mean, does guys don’t like women who sexually moan, no, not
true. I like a woman who moans, who let’s go, shows she’s loving it. I don’t like her
lying there like a fucking star ﬁsh and not enjoying it.
46 Views · View Upvoters

What questions should you ask on a ﬁrst date to test someone's
empathy?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Testing?
This is not a time for facts, ﬁgures, details like some job interview for someone to
past some test to get a job.
This is about building rapport, being fun, light hearted, bringing value to the
table so both have a rich experience. This is about making a connection.
I never ask questions on dates to test and before I even date the girl, I have
already talked on phone and see if we got good attraction rapport going.
These process of test must come either from inexperience, lack of conﬁdence, or
some marriage expectations, or cultural, or fear - when it needs to focus on just
building rapport, getting to know each other.
So here’s what you do instead…
1. Tell a story and the end it with a question. Reveal your values in each
story. When you’re done with one story, ask her question if she ever had
that kind of experience
2. When she shares something then expand it more. This is how you listen.
Ask questions regard how she felt, what she learnt and so forth. Make it
fun.
3. Don’t be too serious and doing it like some job interview.
So forget testing someone and focus on the woman for real. Focus on bringing
value to the table and remove awkwardiness by being light hearted, fun but also
take interest in the person.

869 Views · View Upvoters

Is it really worth it to confess my feelings to a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman is interested in me, the ﬁrst thing I’d like her to do is be mature about
things and not do it like it’s a romance novel.
1. First approach and smile, talk, ﬂirt ie. smile, don’t be socially awkward.
Be fun and not too serious.
2. Then when talking for 5 minutes or so, say you are interested in me,
attracted to be and hold back all that talk about love, and how you always
liked me, and always wanted me etc. That’s not time for that because we
guys hear that shit all time, and we know they just words because the
woman hasn’t yet dated me, hasn’t yet got to know me intimately, there
hasn’t been a time span of intimacy and sexual intimacy.
3. Then after sometime, when that is done, woman can confess all she likes.
First behaviour, not confessing feelings of devotion. Action ﬁrst, no
games, we date, we get close and THEN after a time span, confess all one
likes.
4. No negativity, with stories of past ex and past pain relationships. Focus
on the guy, the now and present.
That goes for guys too.
Be mature about things. First ﬁnd out the girl/guy is interested before doing all
that and build some history together for a bit.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in a relationship with a married woman and we have been
dating for a while. She is now pregnant with my child. Should
we keep it or abort it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how may men fathered children who they thought it was thier child
until years later? Plenty.
If she can cheat on her husband with you, she can cheat on you with someone
else and you don’t know who the child is until a DNA test has been done.
Get it done before asking such questions.
Second, it is not your decision to keep or abort the child. That’s her body and so,
it be her who will be here, asking what and why. So if she decides to keep the
child, you have no say whatsoever, if you don’t want to.
Do yourself a favour…… ﬁrst go together to get a DNA test because it can be her
husband child, it can be someone else’s and not yours.
Get your head out of your ass because if the husband ﬁnds out and if he’s a nut
case, you’re going to ﬁnd yourself in heaps of problems.
Plus, if it’s not your child and you ﬁnd out much later, think of the child, when
the child got to know you and… you suddenly walk away because of that.
The trauma it causes is heavy.
You got to think ahead man. You can’t just go oﬀ dating women who are married
and don’t think of the consequences. You’re messing your life up and a child’s life
because you both made things so complicated and messed up.

Stop thinking with your dick and start using your head.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my bf said he's been here for me but
hasn't provided for me yet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. He meant emotional support not ﬁnancial support. He is saying he is there
for you whenever you feel down, whenever you want to talk and whenever you
feel alone, he’s there for you.
Not ﬁnancial support.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My wife is crying. It breaks my heart and I want to comfort her
but I also totally disagree with the reason why she is crying.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not the right time to talk mate.
Men have a tendancy to want to solve the problem and talk because they don’t
know what else to do. Man a problem solver.
So all you do is let her cry and you just hug her and don’t say anything.
That’s all you need to do.
When she is ready to talk she will talk. Don’t push it for her to talk. Just listen and
this is how you listen. Not by trying to get her to talk but emotional support by
just being there, hold her, stroke her arms and head, and let her cry.
When she is ready she will conﬁned in you more, talk and you again, just listen.
Then ask her when she does conﬁne in you - what help she thinks she needs. Let
her talk. Let her unravel it.
Don’t go oﬀ trying to give suggestions, solutions. She knows what needs to be
done. She just wants to unload, cry, someone to listen and so that be you.
She will later ask you what you think and that’s the time to suggest and then add
it with, “what do you think?”
Always let her talk, let her unravel it all in her mind and you lead by this way.
Leading for most people think it’s about solving it themselves but really, it’s
about letting the other person talk, think, reﬂect and share and feel it’s they who
in a sense with you’re help know what to do.
It’s a very powerful listening technique and I use it often. That’s how people can
learn to grow and it increases their own self awareness and self esteem. They also
appreciate it too because everyone else will start giving solutions when all the
person wants is to talk, cry, ﬁgure it out themselves with a little bit of help.
Let it simmer down. until she’s calm and watch.
She won’t stop talking to you, sharing what, how and why.
Just be good at listening.
This is the time for…listening and this is how you do it.
“This is how you do it.” I’m sure there’s a song named like that :)
993 Views · View Upvoters

If you know that a girl is very much attracted to you but is
usually occupied at work behind the front desk, is it ok to slide
her your number?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop looking for signs!
When you do you’re showing you lack status. You’re hesitating. That means you’re
slowly killing any attraction that is fast.
Women like a man who is conﬁdent. Take action.
Stop trying to control things because you can’t.
You don’t slip a note to a woman. You be a man and approach her and don’t give
me excuse about busy. Find a way because that’s what’s attractive about a MAN.
He solves the logistic problems , he doesn’t hesitate, he shows he has conﬁdence
and he has balls to speak face to face.
That’s attractive because your real status is your….behaviour.
You’re behaviour right now is not showing that status. So use it. Behave like a
man who knows he has high self worth. Don’t look at her for her to see you
looking but instantly approach. Do something to move it on fast.
Cause right now you’re just scared of messing it up, fearful of the rejection, fearful
it might go wrong.
Well that’s how it is in life. Nothing like this happens smooth.
Approach her. She has dinner break doesn’t she? Of course she does. She takes
breaks doesn’t she and so do you. Then get it sorted that you both talk then.
But don’t slip a note or you’re not diﬀerent than most men who have no balls.
Now drop all this bullshit about signs and body language crap and get real.
Approach and talk.
And if it don’t happen, it don’t happen.
She isn’t the only woman on the planet.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My ex-boyfriend and I slept together and afterwards I found
out he has a girlfriend. Do I have an ethical obligation to tell her
if he won't?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You don’t. This isn’t about ethics.
This is about you trying to get some sweet revenge to feel better. You don’t know
her. You’re not in relationship with her and you didn’t give a damn anyway about
whether he is dating someone or not.
If you did, you would have spent more time getting to know the guy, meet his
friends, learn more about him and so forth.
You didn’t.
You just let all that go because you was infatuated by him and you wanted to have
sex with him, which by the way, isn’t bad. It does not make you anything bad or
anything really. That’s just society bullshit.

But it does when you go and hurt someone after the validation you desired didn’t
happen. So leave it alone.
All it will do is the girlfriend if he has one, if he is in a relationship with her, will
see you as a girl who is causing trouble. She will believe him more than you. They
might be in some rift, they might get into some ﬁght, they might get angry with
each other but they got a history with each other. They be able to get back
together but you, you don’t know this girl and this guy just got to know you.
If he could decieve you, he is smarter in this than you and be able to convince her.
Let her ﬁnd out her own way.
You just move on.
748 Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with a boyfriend who is threatened by my
success?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to date guys who are secure, conﬁdent in themselves.
I know a few guys who are unemployed and they are dating women who are
earning lots of money, successful in their careers. These guys are not some guys
sitting at home doing nothing. They got goals, dreams and follow a diﬀerent path
that isn’t taditional 9–5 job but it takes time for them to achieve a level of success
in the area and very hard workers.
But none of them, are insecure about their girlfriends.
They are guys who are the ﬁrst to encourage their girlfriends and a few of the
girlfriends self esteem increased big because of a couple of these guys, their
boyfriends helped their girlfriends.
One of them kicked the door down of a place so she can get her graduation gown
and then he helped her to get the job of her dreams. He coached her and she was
like his ﬁrst client but his girlfriend :)
So there are men out there, guys who are very conﬁdent and who will see your
dreams, your goals and success as something to be admired, encouraged and it
encourages them too to see how their girlfriend is making it happen.
You just attracting the wrong type of guys who haven’t got conﬁdence.
Choose men of conﬁdence not profession. Men of conﬁdence. Men secure about
who they are. Men who do not fear another woman’s success but love it.
I’m like that.
I love it when girlfriends I am dating are kicking ass with their dreams, goals,
career and making it happen. It’s amazing to see the transformation and the
excitement when I sit and they tell me about what they did, the challenges they
faced, how they overcome this and that.
So ﬁnd guys who are very conﬁdent in their own skin.
You can see them. They got ﬁre blazing through their eyes, talking passionately
and dream getters and ﬁre starters of other people’s dreams, whether it’s a guy or
woman. They love seeing their partners succeeding in life and career or business.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My gf & I split, she posted this on , "if you could love the
wrong person that much, imagine how much you can love the

right one" What does she mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t look at what she means.
It means bullshit.
She’s playing with your emotions. So ignore what she posts on Facebook. It’s all a
load of bollocks. Don’t worry. She’ll post some more to sound intelligent and
HOPES you read it.
She knows you’re going to read this.
That’s what it means.
You don’t post anything so she looks like the one blazing away on there for
everyone else to read. She doesn’t realise damage she’s doing.
If a woman post that and I am a guy, and she wants another relationship, she be
the woman I’d stay far fucking away from because that there smells of baggage.
That tells me she just broke up with someone just a few minutes ago, so I will stay
far away.
Don’t over think and look into things too much about what it means. She
probably nicked that from some instagram quote to get your attention. Also to get
sympathy and attention from her friends who will now give her some emotional
support and..
“Yeah all guys are just…”
And it worked because you’re here asking “what does it mean?”
Move on.
Seriously. Really move on.
Don’t hope “to get back together.”
Get that blocked, no messages and show you’re moving on. Then focus on your
life and approach other girls. That there is more power kick ass message that
you’re a man with balls and integrity who can move on while others cannot but
they post crap quotes for all to know.
Don’t be that chump wondering what the ex means.
It’s a rabbit hole you don’t want to go into.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is so great about Kim Kardashian? Is she good at
anything?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Is Kim Kardashian good at anything?

Yes she’s good at..
1. Strategy. She looks way ahead and knows how to stand out from the rest.
She knows what her unique value proposition is and milks it for all her
worth. Smart woman.
2. She’s excellent at marketing
3. She kickass “literally” at social media

4. She knows how to leverage the attention she attracts to generate proﬁts
and create multiple streams of income
5. She knows how to build an empire and legacy of her own
6. She knows how to develop a very strong brand
7. She knows how to create sexual appeal
8. She knows how to stay ahead of the times and in time
9. She knows how to become ﬁnanciallyindependant
10. She knows how to use the mainstream media to her advantage and
though they think they are in control….they are not. She has them doing
what she expected them to do which helps her to increase her reach and
reputation.
But most of all..
She she has very strong social instinct and social freedom.
In other words, she doesn’t give a fuck about what someone thinks of her but
when someone thinks of her, KACHING! She makes money.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

I love my girl, but I can't control thinking about how many guys
she slept with. How can I stop this thought?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Education is the way mate.
Understanding why you are thinking this thought and it is understandable but
deﬁnitely need to work on educating yourself. Get some help as well with
understanding it all.
I like you to step back for a moment and think about all things we believe or grew
up to believe, and ask yourself..
“Where did these came from.”
You see, we are socially conditioned.
We are brought up that girls are good girls, nice girls, awww, so sweet, fragile, and
they wait for the one and the one who is sleeping with guys is a BAD GIRL, Bad
bad…girl.
Think about all the social conditioning regarding virginity, then the stories of one
love, soul mate. From plato stories of soul mate which seeped into society and
into movies, romance novels and even society as a while. Then we got the labels,
like too easy, whore, slut, player, jerk etc cetre.
All of which created a perception and this perception becomes our reality.
We use this reality to deﬁne who were are in this world but also, the person we are
with and in relationship with.
It really does fuck you’re thinking up.
It goes so far that we believe a person cannot love someone else and then move
on. That a guy also cannot go and love 10 other women because social norm,
traditions and what is favourable to society says so.
This reality now deﬁnes another person as an object, as a material gain, as an
asset, as her virginity, her sexuality and so, when you learn a woman has slept

with lots of guys you believe at an unconscious level, that this deﬁnes….your
value.
Because what we grow up to perceieve as real is by the external objects we attach
ourselves with. Including how many guys a woman slept with.
So we deﬁne who we are, what we are, our value by the external objects like
woman, like income, like job, like status, how many follow us, how many vote,
how many likes we got, what credit score we have, what type oc credit card we
got, what gorgeous woman we are dating….and this includes……the activity of the
person we are dating.
So if a woman slept with 10 men, then at an unconscious level the guy thinks..
“Oh I am valuable then.”
But if she dated and slept with 100 men, he thinks..
“I’m nothing then. How can she sleep with so many men! This is sick.”
But not so because it does not change who she is. It does not make her a less of a
woman. It does not make her bad. It does not mean she is a slut, a whore, too
easy. What is happening is not about her but rather what is bouncing oﬀ is your
own mirror, your own thoughts, own social conditioning, own time line, own
perception and reality.
And when that happens the socially constructed poison called jealousy kicks in
and so does possessiveness.
The key is to appreciate is..
1. Who she is with now?
2. Who she is sleeping with now?
3. Who she is spending time with now?
4. Who she is giving love to now?
Out of billions of people, billions, you two have met but now, what you do with
what you have is down to you and her.
You can make her past hurt you or you can make it a reason on how you met and
how fantastic it is you found each other and you are now the one with her.
But do take time, read lots of books.
Fill your mind with knowledge, try to get an understanding of what I am saying
with regards to how society regarding sex, relationships and more has been
socially conditioned and how it impacts the way we see ourselves and others.
It’s a journey I went on and because of it, it changed my life and others too.
I’m sure it will do the same for you as well.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if no guys ask you out but you want them to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Welcome to the 21st century of dating :)
Please follow me as I take you on a tour of the magniﬁcient creature called
Human Beings. I am Adam Taha but the universe knows me as Doctor Who.
Step right this way, out of my Tardis phone box and there you see…

1. Human beings.
2. Known to fear rejection because they are socially conditioned to seek
validation, approval and acceptance.
3. Also in 1970s, women marched the streets with bras and nakedness to
celebrate their sexuality and put a middle ﬁnger at social rules and
traditions which made them feel guilty about sex, about their sexuality.
Yes, they marched naked, with tits, ass and pussy out. But it died out so
fast, faster than you downing this Pizza right there. Mainstream got
worried and so did some powerful people.
4. On my right are what we know as women.
See the diﬀerence between the Male, known as a man. She has tits, ass,
curves, pussy. The male has the contour line of cheekbone, chest and
dick and ass. These are things women fear the most because she’s
worried if she was too easy, she be called a slut, a whore, too easy. You
know, blame mummy and daddy with those Cinderalla, Beauty and the
Beast stories of how a handsome man saves her, and woos her for a year
and that’s how he shows he’s serious, Plus, decades of social
conditioning, movies, romance novels, religion, myths, legend stories of
“the one” and “soul mates,” which brought the invention of shame about
sex and modesty too.
5. Now if you take a look at this presentation board. Oh hold on. My gadget
isn’t working. Ah, there we go. Let me shine it on this Billboard. As you
can see, women fear rejection as men do. So what women do is, well,
kind of pathetic really but understandable.
They follow what animals do, with ﬂuttering their feathers, wearing
bright colours, like lip sticks, brushing their hair aside, giving subtle
hints and messages. The dress they wear and all they do seems it’s for
men. Not so. They are competing against women.
Yes it is still the same thing as you cut through their lingo bullshit.
Tourist - Compete with other women Doctor?
Doctor - Yes, to stand out from other women to attract attention from the
men. They are competing with each other and wearing the fuck shoes.
Oh sorry, High Heels. Can’t be sexiest now and objectify. Something that
you hear a lot in this century. Objectify! Objectify!
By the way, it was in this century a woman wrote a book called the 50
shades of grey. It sold millions. It surpassed the sales of even the most
popular books and authors like Harry Potter.
Now do you know who bought these books in the millions?
Tourist - No doctor. Who
Doctor - That’s a very clever reply (laughs). The same women who shout
“He’s objectﬁying.” It doesn’t stop them buying shitty books that
objectify women to the hilt. If you notice the book cover it is done in a
subtle way to help women reading about control, bondage, sex. More on
why women fear people knowing they are into sex and theiur pussy drip
wet when a hot good looking man is walkng by.
Better we move on.

I might cause a rift in Time Line and create a march against the Doctor!
Now where were we? Oh yes….
Women competing with other women, so that man will see her, and like
a caveman, drag her to the cave for a good romp.
A romp by the way is sex which for most of her life she is in self denail in
believing she seen a man 10 yards away and it was his personality she fell
for when really, I am a Doctor so I know our eyes are in the front our
head. These senses (sight…seeing) work to collect data.
But there is already information in your unconscious mind.
So the ﬁrst that you see is VISUAL not what the personality of the man is.
A map is in the mind of the woman and the map that tells women who is
attractive and who is not.
That’s right. She is objectifying. What else is it if you are looking at
appearances?
This map is wired to the natural biological and psychological survival
mechanism. It also feeds on the information she has been socially
conditioned with like every human being on this planet.
For example, Jealousy is socially constructed.
Fear of sex is socially constructed by inventing many myths, stories, lies,
to create the invention of…shame.
Possessiveness is socially constructed for women to believe if a man has
sex with another woman, he cannot love her too.
Which brings us to Marriage which is again an invention.
All these and more become the data in that map of hers and only by
educating herself and being self aware does she free herself from such
invention.
But back to what gets her body tingling….which is all in her map that
tells her who is attractive to her and who isn’t. Has nothing to do with
personality because personality is about longetivity.
This is about Percieved value and so, appearances does matter even if
she denies it and even if some men deny it to impress women that they
got such a gentle spot, and romantic, and so sensible and not…players.
This gets the chemicals kicking and unfortunately, and foolishly think
it’s love but when it does fade away, women and men, believe they fell
out of love. Genuis. That’s what chemicals are. Just genuis!
When she has gone through his phase many a time and has been hurt
many a times, she then realises she better not believe with her eyes
anymore. That basing what she desires by the look is just immature.
Plus her biological clock is ticking, she’s not getting any younger, she has
had her fun, fucked a lot of men, pretends she hasn’t and now she wants
stability and ﬁnds man who gives her that stability.

Then becomes a woman who forgot ALL that and starts telling others
that men only give a damn about sex. You know, like you’re mum who
told you how men are evil, bad,…very bad…many are players and women
are never players, never. They just…get used but never players.
And with all this “objectify” when a woman wants to have sex for money,
and it’s her job….she’s a slut, she’s a whore.
BUT it’s HER BODY!
Isn’t that the point of standing up for women, all women, in all
professions and ALL men too? Equality for all except…if they sell their
bodies. Except who approaches who.
Now it’s diﬀerent. One chooses one thing but disregards everything else.
Human beings. You got to give it to them. They are very good at this
game but we aliens left all these behind. Now, for us aliens we got it
made! We can walk up to someone we see and say..
“Hello, you look so attractive. You know what I want and you know what
you want but do you want to with me? Yes? Let’s have sex because it’s
going to lead there anyway. No one can promise anything and if we feel
something with each other, alright then! We’ll carry on!”
Yes, we aliens are light years ahead now but we learnt the basics from
human beings. They are amazing! Incredible and we evolved from them
but some of you still got that bad habit :)
More on the biological clock and all this later on.
Follow me…
The reason why most women don’t approach men, and it is very rare
they do is because they don’t just fear rejection.
They are also worried what it looks like to the men, to society, to
mummy, daddy, the co-workers, what her friends say, if she be judged,
labelled, ostracised by the community and social network she has built.
Unconsciously, at a deeper level, she believes in the fantasy, myths,
legend stories of how it “just happens.”
You know. like it’s “meant to be.”
That romance, happens like magic.
The way it does in the movies, romance novels of a tall handsome man
sweeping her oﬀ her feet.
That if she doesn’t FEEL this boom boom, and her nipples start to erect,
her emotions kick oﬀ and her fantasies start ﬂying all around her head…
she actually believes, I am serious…she believes that he can’t be the guy
to date. She HAS to feel that for it to be…true.
That “Oooh I sense he’s that guy I want to romp but I better not say that
beacause he might think I’m a slut. So I will let him wait for a week. No

sex on ﬁrst date but ok, after 5 days later. At least he won’t see me as too
easy..”
She is going by the map in her mind, the chemicals to decide yes or no.
In fact, her unconscious has decided for her but she thinks she has. A
million thoughts going through her head, fears, insecurities, stories,
what if and if she has forgotten to call her friend or switch oﬀ the cooker
before she left to go to work.
Aren’t human beings marvelous!
Their mind is so sophisticated.
It is why I ﬁght so hard to help them live on against so many battles we
Time Lords have face. They are just amazing! Amazing!
So women believe that if she doesn’t feel the butterﬂies, the heart going
boom boom, then she’s not attracted to him. Not realising this is
infatuation, this is just a map in her mind, this is just chemicals and she
might not see this man is really going to be great for her because she sees
visual ﬁrst and that visual combined with fantasy gets her to decide.
She also wants him to be brave, approach like a hero, like a gallant knight
in shining armour to say the right words, to stare into her eyes with his
deep eyes and thick brow, and resonating deep voice. Brushing her face
and her breasts just touch his shirt button :)
Oh my! Let’s not get carried away!
But here’s the thing about it all…
She wants what she…FEARS. It is drama. It is exciting. It is Boom Boom.
It is emotional.
Yes. I did say human beings are amazing! Marvelous! Just incredible at
how they work things out.
In reality…. if a man did approach then the ﬁrst thing in a woman’s mind
is always, always…
“Does he want me for sex, my body or personality.”
Immediately the woman starts to think about whether he is a player,
whether he is this and that. So if you are skilled, conﬁdent and a true
sexual human being, a man who isn’t apologetic…well…she might see
you as a player.
Of course she will deny this ever happens and feed us with bullshit as
most always do because they don’t really want man to know all this.
I don’t know about you but in this century you couldn’t read anyone’s
minds, and so you won’t know his personality by the way he looks from
10 yards. We did invent the gadget centuries later but human beings in
this century have a lot of catching up to do,.
6. Now we will step into the next century where women had enough and
instead of waiting for a man to show ineterest, they realised they needed
to move their backside, approach men and say hi because they weren’t
getting much interest in men. They were….unapproachable.

But can you blame the males because for years they have been
bombarded that they are assholes, sexiest, players, only want sex and so
men began to fear approaching women lest they be judged for doing so.
That you can’t approach her in cafes, streets, supermarkets, supermauls
but in social events. Like man doesn’t have a job to do, busy paying his
debts, bills and so he’s in a rush and social settings takes a very long time
because the social dynamics for these creatures is worse in such events!
Everyone wearing social masks.
Everyone playing safe. All worried who is looking, watching and
observing. Fearful of being judged and don’t want to be seen as a player,
when really, all human beings ARE PLAYERS. They just don’t know it
yet.
It makes some feel a good fuzzy feeling to believe they don’t play
because they are so truthful when really, put a woman or man they are
attracted to, and they be bullshiting each other for a while before they go
for a romp!
Some even can’t be assed with women and dating, and focused more on
making money, living it up and hiring escorts. Well, why bother being
judged and seen like all you desire is sex when you can buy sex anyway.
Step right this way and we will enter another Time where women believe,
really believe in EQUALITY and approach men.
Tourist - Doctor, what happens to women in this time if they don’t approach?
Doctor - Oh don’t worry. Their bilological clock starts ticking, lines showing and
all their bullshit about sex goes out of the window, and they panic, begin to do
desperate things like not be picky, not saying no to guys who do approach them.
Men do approach them but they say no to them because they want a man that
looks like the man they see in the cover of the magazine.
Tourist - So they do get approached?
Doctor - Yes but when a woman says guys doesn’t approach her, she means a
good looking man, tall and handsome, attractive to her. For example, have you
heard of Silurians?
Tourist - No Doctor
Doctor - They are a Reptiles like humanoids race. Prehistoric and scientiﬁcally
advanced sentient humanoids who predate the dawn of man; in their backstory,
the Silurians went into self-induced hibernation to survive what they predicted to
be a large atmospheric upheaval caused by the Earth capturing the Moon.
If you see their face and you’re looking for appearances, then you see them wear
veils to hid their face whenever they land on earth. They walk with humans
because human beings see their their face and say it’s disﬁgured.
Tourist - But what has this got to do with human beings and dating?
Doctor - One of the Reptiles was on earth and she married a human woman. The
woman she married said..
“When did you remove your veil?”

The reptile humanoid replied to her wife - When you stopped seeing the veil and
saw me instead.
Tourist - Oooooh. I see. The map in woman’s mind!
Doctor - Exactly! Ok step back into the Tardis! We have so many planets to see!
We’re going into the future and ladies….if you like one of the male aliens, please,
do approach and say Hi. They do not take kindly to signals and hints. In the time
we are going, these hints cause war. You might think you’re hinting peace but
really you’re hinting anger, war, battle cry or even that you want to be left alone.
So no subtle hints. Be very direct and clear. Don’t do what human beings do. We
are aliens. Have gone past all that and repeating these mistake is a bit dumb.
Especially when it doesn’t work for you and shows disinterest :)
Just smile, walk and say hi and show you’re interested.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do you ignore someone who ignores you or do you say hi to the
person who ignores you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m someone who feels, if someone is uncomfortable knowing me, if they are
ignoring me, then I’ll ignore them. If they are in my area, like face to face I’ll say
hi. I don’t give a shit.
I say hi to everyone but I do it because I believe saying hi to people keeps me
human in a world that’s becoming like a zombie Cyborg with texting, mobile
phone, internet and people forgot how to even be social.
So though I will say Hi if they are very close by, I won’t make an eﬀort to get to
know them and it’s no loss to me.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁnd a dating coach?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Find a friend who is good at it.
2. Observe if he’s good at it.
3. Tag a long and learn from him.
That’s one of the best ways you can learn.
You learn from someone who has done it and he will be local. You’re best friend
or someone you know nearby and you can see he’s good at it.
Just get to know him, be a friend of his, and I’m sure he’ll help you.
Same if you’re a woman wanting to date a guy or a woman. Look at who is good at
it where you are, a friend and befriend them. Take interest, get to know her.
Lots of people around you good at women, good at socialising, good at other
skills. Just take your time to get to know them and enrich your life with more
friends
You’ll build your social circle bigger, you’ll get to know more people, you’ll learn
by observing and…you’ll have fun too.
So ﬁrst try the most obvious route that is close to you, easier to contact and you
can see for yourself.

Or go to google and happy hunting on ﬁnding someone you like to coach you.
Just note, don’t fall for the hype that it suddenly happens. You’re going to go
through many rejections for sometime. You will habe a steep learning curve
because it is social skills, it is about conﬁdence and other things you need to
learn.
But take your time.
Enjoy the process and detach from the outcome for a long while as you will face
rejections. So don’t be disheartened. Have a good strong positive attitude about
yourself and the world you live in.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should be the reply of your girlfriend when you tell her
you love her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand society has been socially conditioned to believe that we are
supposed to be deﬁned by how much validation, acceptance and approval we get
from the world.
It’s like giving someone a Christmas card and now, they expects a card back. Or
valentine card and now one expects a card back.
It’s very manipulative.
You do something to expect people to recipocrate back.
You like my photo. I like yours.
You vote for me. I vote for you.
You scratch my back. I scratch your back.
Then one day the girlfriend or boyfriend leaves and…
“I did ALL for her/him and look what he/she does to me.”
No, people date for their own desires, own needs, not because they are doing a
favour. No one uses anyone but people do things for themselves and say..
“Oh we fucked and he used me.”
No, she fucked and guy fucked and she got the validation but it wasn’t the one
she wanted.
Like the guy who got rejected and feels it because he didn’t get the approval,
acceptance and validation he thought he’d get or desired.
Same here.
Someone who said to the girlfriend “I love you” didn’t get back the validation one
wanted.
So now the question is like a blame…
“should.”
See how that plays now?
Now it’s saying something that suppose to be genuine, sincere but instead it has
turned out to have a hidden motive, an agenda, a subtle hidden meaning or
message that one expects some validation..

“shouldn’t we judge and ostricise the girlfriend for not reply back with….I love
you too?”
It is now “Should” and “Must” and “Have to.”
Better you say whatever you want to say because you want to and not because the
person owes you, or has to say it back so you get validated.
We already live in a society screwed up.
Last thing we need is to distort what love means.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

She likes me "a lot", but has an "irrational fear" of relationships
and doesnt want to make it oﬃcial "yet". Do I bolt?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My kind of girl. I would actually think “well done! You escaped the fucking
craziness of societal programing.”
You’re asking because really, you’re not even that into her.
You think I’d ask anyone about what to do if I am really into a girl? No. You’re not
into her. You’re probably looking for all sorts of reasons not to.
If you want some grand promise, and if it’s not for you, then walk. Be honest with
her and walk. She’ll ﬁnd someone else who is similar to her views about life.
I personally don’t give a fuck about labels and all that. So for me it’s cool but if it’s
not for you, and if you’re asking people, strangers what to do…best you move on
anyway.
271 Views · View Upvoters

In polyamory, how do you deal when your partner is ﬂirting
with someone else when he/she is right by your side?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I order a packet of crisps and another drink, relax and watch it all happen with a
smile. Got no problem with lovers I’m with ﬂirting.
It’s cool.
I actually encourage it. I say “Ooh look. You’ll like her? Go on, have fun.”
Women I am in relationship with are also into women too, so I have a lot of fun
seeing the women I am with ﬂirting, getting close with women, and even kissing.
And sometimes, we have a threesome :)
891 Views · View Upvoters

How long should I wait to ask a woman out after meeting her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t worry.
This happens a lot but what I can advise is how to reduce it. No one can give you
knowledge how to eliminate it altogether.
There is no rule on time. You can call the next day if you like.
But it seems there’s more to the question…

You’ll always ﬁnd some women who will give you their details but really, they
weren’t interested. Sometimes also, not just in the approach but somewhere in
the process, like the phone call, something happened.
There are things one does that can put walls up. Sometimes it is in the approach.
Sometimes it is in the phone call, texting.
And sometimes, it is nothing at all but it’s just they are unavailable, too much
friction in their lives and a lot of things you cannot control.
Only way you will know if you have the knowledge I have which takes years and
being able to ask many questions to see what’s going on.
However, at this moment in time, I can only go by what you’ve written. Please do
not take what I am sharing as harsh but I’m trying to help you to reﬂect in each
steps you take and see what is going on.
I’m going to focus on the approach because I don’t know what you’re saying to the
women on the phone. Yes, a woman can be interested but sometimes you could
be doing something, that projects neediness.
Sometimes without kmowing you are but you’re following emotions or a process
that can be counter productive to your eﬀorts.
But for now, I am just focusing on the approach and as I do, reﬂect, think back if
you miss something like this, if you need to be tighter in here or there.
Here’s what you can do with the approach to tighten..
1. Show clear intent from the beginning.
You do not show intent in regarding to you being attracted to the women.
Instead, you probably have approached in the usual playing safe manner.
Like formal, like it’s just you being friendly and not as a lover type of guy.
Then you ask for their number and of course, many will give you their
details but many will do so to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness. So even
when you do get a number it doesn’t mean a YES.
Now remember, you need to know I’m a ballsy guy. I do not have time for
timid, shy, socially awarkward, sexually inhibited women and women
who like me to be apologetic about being a man who is a sexual lover.
Sometimes I make my intent clear and ballsy like this..
“If you’re standing there, looking at me all that time, at least say hi.”
“If you’re going to look at me then at least say hi and talk with me.”
“Are you shy or something?”
In a night club..
“Open up one more button.”
If with others..
“Are you all shy or something?”
You ﬁgure out your personality and what you want in a woman and be
conﬁdent to show your intent.
I’m giving you examples. I’m not saying do what I do. Find your own

voice but make sure you show intent early in the beginning without
worrying you lose the woman.
2. Screen Out. Filter.
You needed to get a YES or NO before you get the woman’s number. That
will ﬁrst save you a lot of time talking to women on the phone, who just
want attention or just want friendship, or just wanted to talk and nothing
more. By getting a YES or a NO from the beginning, you get the woman
to show her true colours i.e. her intent. If she doesn’t show intent right
there and then, do not waste time asking her for her number and move
on.
Now, I will say that there are times when a woman wants to say yes, but
her emotions goes wacko. You cannot take responsibility for this. If she
says NO there, then you take it as a NO. That’s her problem. Her
insecurity and you’re not going to chase, try and convince. You can
exchange numbers and you never know, she might call and say she is
sorry, she was just nervous etc etc.
But don’t wait for her and move on, like it is a rejection. Many guys make
the mistake of waiting for a woman. I do not wait. If she does change her
mind while I am approaching others, no problem. I might consider and
we will meet but I never hope, and wait. I move on fast.
Example of screening..
Is there more to you than meets the eye?
I saw you from over there and wanted to see what you were like. What are
your three best qualities? (can be used for approach and screen
immediately)
Why would I want to get to know you? (ballsy move)
3. Have standards. Qualify right there and then.
Qualifying is your way of showing her, as a woman, that you’re a man
who isn’t putting her on a pedestal because she has tits, ass and pussy.
You know what I mean and so do women.
In the beginning most women think “oh he just wants my body. He just
wants sex…”
And that is why you are asking questions where she needs to show
interest. She needs to do some work in showing….interest in you!
DO NOT MISS THIS STEP.
This is very important because she is giving reasons why she is attracted
to you by answering the questions. It feels counter-productive, because
you are with her, talking, she seems interested so why make it diﬃcult
for yourself.
You might lose her, right?
Poor mindset.
If you do not do this then 90% and more of numbers you collect will be
ﬂakes and when you call, they won’t be that interested.

Think of it this way..
If you showed interest and and you don’t qualify then she is thinking,
you just want her for sex, her body and if a more attractive woman comes
along, you’ll disssappear.
So when she works for it by answering questions that are serious, she
feels she earned it. She feels this interactive is more valuable than with
other guys who are needy and who approach her for just her looks.
She feels…..you really do like her for who she is.
If you don’t qualify her, then most of the time if not immediately, she’ll
think you’re not really interested in her but her body, her pussy, her ass,
her tits, her cute face, the SEX!
The key is she needs to state her interest in you and she does it by
answering your question. Don’t ask lots of questions because this is not a
job interview but needs to be an enjoyable rich experience.
Far too many guys trying to impress women and not getting women to
do some work to show their interest. I’m not talking about them begging
to give their phone number but showing interest by answering questions.
I am not talking about playing hard either.
Playing hard is for immature people who lack skills and understanding
that when they do that - they attract needy people. They are insecure.
They have fallen for the social conditioning ways that playing hard is a
way of screening to attract serious men/women.
It’s really insecurities, the neediness for validation, acceptance, fear the
guy/women might run oﬀ after sex. Well, this is not gender issue.
Women fuck guys and dissappear next day. Men fuck women and
dissappear next day. Some date for a while, have sex, be in relationship,
get married and then cheat on each other to fuck someone else. It
happens in every kind of relationship.
It’s fear based. It’s about controlling the outcome.
Let go of the control and focus on the person.
The understanding of qualifying is not to interrogate her but to show
sincere interest that you do like her for her, and you want to know her,
and being beautiful looking is ﬁne but it’s common, it’s not unique, it’s
something you can see wherever you go.
You want her to know you…like…her for who she is.
It is a show of sincere understanding that you have standards. That you
don’t just ask any woman out and date any woman, and sleep with any
woman. You got standards.
It is a show that you ARE a challenge and you WILL walk away if she
doesn’t state her interest in you.
Qualifying questions can be like this..

“You know at ﬁrst I wasn’t sure but as I got to know you in this short
time, I ﬁnd you very attract. But good looks are so common these days
and so, what are the 3 reasons why I want to…get to know you….better.”
You can use this oﬄine face to face and online too.
Now she must state her intent.
She must clearly say why you should get to know her better and she
knows, 100%, the reason why. The whole interaction from beginning of
the approach to right here frames it so.
That is why the beginning of the approach must not be like some friend
approaching or some needy guy scared to show he’s a lover type. You got
to let go of being worried about women seeing you as this and that.
You cannot please everyone.
Some women will even scorn because man has approached and some
will never be pleased by whayever you do.
This is the time to qualify to show you are looking for something much
deeper. Tits, ass, cute face, pussy isn’t unique, it’s special, and it’s in her
gene. Big deal. You are asking her to share why should you go any further
to get to know her.
You saying “I like you, this the cherry on the cake, the real prize, where I
am a man who wants to get to know who….you are not wjay your ass
looks like.”
That’s what qualifying does.
If she doesn’t show eﬀort it means she is not interested. Even if she is shy
and timid, and all that. Don’t give excuses for people. Shy go for jobs.,
Shy people apply for jobs and go to interviews.
They know how to talk and show interest.
The problem is not that qualifying doesn’t work. It’s because the
attraction in the beginning wasn’t there or wasn’t strong enough for her
to be that interested in the guy.
If ATTRACTION isn’t happening….qualifying will not happen.
So focus in getting the ﬁrst step sorted.
Don’t be intimidated or fear loss to not qualify but understanding if
attraction is not there from day one, it’s not the qualifying that’s
messed up. It’s that she’s not that into you.
Women who are into men will show their intent.
You got nothing to lose. Planet is full of women. It’s her time to show
and if she doesn’t, it’s ﬁne. You will move on.
You don’t have to say “I am moving on.”

You smile, you say it was great talking with her and you walk away
like a man who has the balls to.
So if that doesn’t happen, there is no use asking for her number.
This avoids the “play hard to get.” It screens out lots of ﬂakey women. It
shows you have self respect and standard. It also reveals you are wanting
to know more about her than her looks and sex.
So you need to look at your approach and ensure you show your intent from the
beginning so you don’t waste your time. Qualify.
Most women will give their details but if you haven’t framed it in the beginning
by showing your intent then you lead yourself to wasting time and believe me,
most women will waste your time.
A phone number is not a date. It’s just a number.
Now this doesn’t mean every woman due to what I am sharing is going to say yes.
What it means is you understand your ﬁrst goal is to quickly know who is
interested and screen out who is not faster.
The faster you learn to do that, the better for you and even the women
themselves, You want to walk away from women who are not interested and even
not call them. You’ll feel when doing it this way a sense of pride, in a good way, a
heavy chain has been lifted oﬀ your shoulders and you will enjoy approaching
women.
You will because you’re not approaching to convince. Instead your’e showing
your intent from the beginning, approaching in a fun, light hearted manner and
you’re showing you got standards and you have the balls to walk away too.
If the woman is not behaving in a manner you desire, walk away.
That’s a man of integrity.
So don’t worry, don’t let it burden your mind. Take it as an experience, go out
there and keep going. Keep learning. There is lots to learn and with this mindset
you’ll enjoy the process too.
51.7k Views · View Upvoters

Are there women who would date bitter guys who have chips on
their shoulders?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Through travelling cities and diﬀerent countries around world..
1. Crackheads with girlfriends
2. Guys unemployed with added fucked up view of world got girlfriends
3. Yes, I met a beggar who also got a girlfriend and she was actually
attractive but messed up with drugs and very low self esteem
4. Guy who is a wanker, has a girlfriend
5. Guy who is a control freak has a girlfriend
6. Guy who is a Narcissist, with all the above got girlfriend
7. The guy I once met in scotland, worked in post oﬃce 6 days a week, no
life, and lives in basement at his grandma’s house…has a girlfriend
8. The solo entrepreneur who has yet to make his ﬁrst dime, got a very
attractive girlfriend. Met him and his girlfriend at a cafe in Nottingham

9. Then there is the millionnaires and billionnaires I met along the way.
They too and some have chip on their shoulders and ego as big as mount
everest…have girlfriends.
You suddenly see a pattern.
And if one is smart they will realise..
“I ain’t that unique. Damn.”
People. They love wanting to be unique by naming a problem they got. Meh. Not
unique. There are people with bigger problems who attract women.
So yes. You can have a chip on your shoulder and even be the biggest wanker in
your city. If you go out much, mingle much, talk. No problem.
Smile. Relax. The world is waiting for you.
There’s a woman for everyone but the thing is…
They just don’t fall from sky and on your lap. You got to go out and talk.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a guy asks for permission to kiss me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he’s..
1. Inexperienced
2. Lacks any knowledge of the process
3. And has skipped certain phases
For example….
I do not ask permission to kiss and even have sex.
Now hang on a minute and read the next part why…
There is a reason why I don’t ask for consent…it has already been given.
Before we meet, we have already communicated on text and then lead to phone. I
won’t go into the details on what is said but…
When we meet, the woman knows what’s happening, it has been said on what’s
going to happen, and she is meeting with knowing this is going to happen. She
and I have been so blatant about it and we joked about it, talked about it, and
removed the awkwardiness about it.
She knows she’s meeting a lover, a conﬁdent guy and who knows what he wants
and how it’s going to happen on the day we meet. We have agreed on phone, we
have blasted it out on text and we have put the middle ﬁnger to social norms and
all that creates awkwardiness.
She has even initiated it so in the conversation, in the text and on phone.
So we are mature, conﬁdent, do not follow social norms and open.
We are comfortable with each other, and we even talked in a role play sexual way,
had a laugh on phone about it etc.
So when we do meet, it is automatically embrace, we are laughing, we kissed
immediately, and I take her hand and we walk.

This is due to experience, conﬁdence and most of all, I only attract women who
are similar in way we see the world, life, dating etc.
So why doesn’t it happen?
Two people playing safe.
Lack of experience.
Two people haven’t communicated, conversed by text, phone, being open with
each other because they fear loss and fear of being judged.
And it happens. Awkwardiness sets in.
It’s not enjoyable. Dating becomes stressful and each one is waiting on who is
going to say what and who is going to do what ﬁrst.
All that could have been sorted way back in the beginning before they met on the
ﬁrst date.
But hey….
It’s ok.
It takes time to grow, be experience and know exactly what to do.
It’s not bad he asked and it’s good he did because the conversation regarding how
to behave with each other….hasn’t….happened far in the beginning.
So since it hasn’t, it is common sense and respectful that he asked.
If the converse did happen way before, like the way I have done for years, we
don’t ask permisson. It’s known. We’ve already know, talked and conversed in a
manner that isn’t awkward.
So it’s all good.
And if you want to know law regarding it…
“The key here, which is missing from the states’ statutory deﬁnitions of consent
and the deﬁnition in most university policies, is that consent is both a willing
state of mind and the act of “clearly communicating one’s willingness
through words or conduct”.
So by getting it clear on phone, talking and she is saying she is willing through
words, helps a great deal. There is a process in knowing how to do this without
killing the mood.
I’ve never had any problems but that’s because I am very open with women on
what is going to happen and they need to say yes way back before we meet. Why?
I’m not going out as a hang out with a friend. It’s a date, a romantic date.
55.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can people love someone they never even met?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They can’t. Let me explain…
I was sitting at an Aiport. I travel a lot doing talks on dating and this time, the
plane was very late. It was cancelled for me to ﬂy on another but I have to wait for
4 hours.
There were lots of people sitting around me too.

Anyway, I started talking to a woman next to me and I told her a story about the
character called Doctor Who.
In the 10 minutes of talking, people around me started listening as I shared the
adventures of Doctor Who. I painted a picture of him, the adventurer, the man
who saves the world, he sweeps women oﬀ through many universes, planets, time
and space, and on and on I went.
The children were laughing as I got up acting the diﬀerent parts.
By the time I ﬁnished, some women said..
“My god, how the hell did you do that?”
“What?” I said.
“I’m in love with Doctor Who. I can’t believe it! It’s like I know him, and want to
be with him. How did you do that?”
Facinating, isn’t it?
The stories we can build in our mind about someone, and we think we love the
person but really, we love the emotions that comes with thinking about the
person. Everytime we replay the same emotions, the memories become alive,
clearer and even though you never met, it’s like it is REAL!
People who have never met someone are falling in love with the idea of the
person and moreso, with the feelings, the emotions, when thinking of the person.
It’s very addictive. It becomes a craving.
Even when you meet the person. That’s what infatuation really is.
The feelings, emotions connected with this person not really the person.
Chemicals kicking oﬀ but these chemicals later on fade away.
That’s why you hear so many say “I am not IN love with you anymore.”
What they really saying is “I want this New Relationship Feeling.”
Those feelings, those emotions, the heart beating, the blood racing, the
excitement, the feelings connecting to this person but unfortunately, these do
fade away and now is the time to know the person for real.
But most stop before going any further and do not realise, it’s not love they felt in
the ﬁrst place. It was chemicals, emotions, feelings, a story built from a mirage
that reﬂected from their own perception of who they THINK they know and love.
But if you both have compatibility - the attitude….the process, the willingness to
walk together to focus on the purpose, of each other’s happiness, then you will
grow. Of course, it is not easy but nothing worthwhile is.
You suddenly ﬁnd that beauty you fell for is now normal.
You suddenly ﬁnd that what you crave for, after lots of sex, is now normal BUT if
you also get to know the person, for real, if you connect at a deeper level, I tell you
now, the feeling that come are superior, more powerful you can imagine. It rises
sex to a higher level, you suddenly ﬁnd both of you desiring each other everyday.
I have been dating the same women for 16 years, and it is still like we ﬁrst met,
every day. It’s not about “don’t have sex on ﬁrst day because blah blah.”
Meh. You can wait for months and have sex, it doesn’t change that.
It is about letting go of the fantasy, the look about someone, the traites you see
visually and go deeper into the person.
You ﬁnd qualities that you love within the person but moreso, you spend time
investing in building a REAL story with each other, by going out together like it is

you against the world.
Together you battle the demons, the diﬀerent aliens i.e. your own insecurties,
jealousy, possessiveness, lack of self esteem, lack of self image and together you
grow to save worlds.
And in each of these worlds, you become heroes for each other.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a man wants space?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it mean if the guy I'm dating says he wants some space from our
relationship?

Go back to the source, the guy you are dating and ask him…
1. What do you want space for?
2. For how long?
3. How do we communicate and when?
And if the answers are not satisfactory then decide whether you want to continue
to relationship.
Wanting time oﬀ, space is ok but…it also needs some communication, reasons,
and not just “I want space.” He’s not in a relationship on his own and it’s alright to
ask these questions because that’s what lovers do in a relationship.
You’d like to know why, how long, and how to communicate and when. That way
you know where you stand.
Communication is important.
So ask him what he means.
Because for all we know it could mean…
1. I want space because I want to take time for myself for a bit
2. I am saying it to avoid awkwardiness and conﬂict because I want to break
up
3. I am giving a bit time to psychologically get you ready for the break up
4. I have found someone else
So we won’t ever know and thats why it’s best to ask him.
1k Views · View Upvoters

There's this girl I talk to often but when we start talking about
crushes she'll just change the subject. Is this supposed to mean
anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You might not realise it but it’s immature what you’re doing.
You still in school?
Don’t talk about personal stuﬀ like that.
That’s what girls and guys do, who are pain in the fucking neck. Taking about exs
and past relationship or who they like, to ﬁnd if the person likes them. I walk
back up, roll my eyes and walk away when that shit happens.

If you like the girl, then ﬁnd your balls to ask her out and don’t play mind games.
If you are not into her then still, don’t bring that subject up. It makes her feel
uncomfortable and makes it very awkward for her.
8 Views · View Upvoters

Will deleting my ex boyfriend oﬀ social media make him come
back? He was the one who dumped me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. If he has dumped you, he’s not going to care and even if he didn’t, it’s waste of
time trying to do things to get his attention. That’s what he’s going to see
anything you’re doing.
You getting his attention and bigging up his ego even more.
Best you just focus on healing, focus on your life and move on.
The faster you do that, the faster you have a positive attitude and you don’t do
what most girls do my fucking head in, and urn me oﬀ by stories about some lost
love or ex. That’s when I roll my eyes and I never call them ever again :)
And when they do it online, on Facebook with their bullshit sad quotes which
makes me cringe because I know exactly why women do that shit, I take them oﬀ
my friends list and block up.
It is obvious to everyone what is going on.
Honestly, I see a lot of women do so much stuﬀ online that self sabotage them in
a big way and for what. For a guy who isn’t interested anymore? Stuﬀ like that
stays online for a very long time. Another guy who a girl might be interested in
can scroll and see it all and gives him a diﬀerent picture of who one is.
You’ll have less stress and you move on from ever building new thoughts and
ideas, as well as hope about him and you.
It’s just a waste of time.
Sure, delete, block whatever but do it for you, that you want to move on.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard a teacher say?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The teacher said..
“It is best to not raise your expectations, you won’t be able to draw, paint. Why
not learn something else, because…….folks like yourself (meaning my dad is a
steel worker) are NOT made to be creative..”
He was wrong…

1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the hardest thing you have ever done?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This one thing was the hardest I’ve ever done.

Yes, even when I have ran through blazing war zones, while bullets ﬂying
everywhere, homes going into ﬂames when I was a kid.
Even harder than losing my home, and wealth, years ago.
Harder than living homeless in cold and no one gave a shit and rising up from the
ashes to succeed all over again.
That one thing…
I buried my mum.
I’m the eldest of the 7, so my brothers and sisters were with me.
That was the hardest thing I ever done.
The rest. Meh, means nothing compared to this. Wierd, don’t know why, but I
always thought she be around for a lot longer. You know how it is.
You think your parents will live forever, even though you know they won’t but it
feels like it. You take it for granted until it hits you between the eyes.
When you’re mum is gone, she’s gone.
But also all the stuﬀ you didn’t like and realised, what were so stupid for over
somethings you can just forgive and let go.
You begin to wonder how you could have done more.
How you could have called more.
How you could have visited more.
How you could have let the world burn and help her out more with shopping and
all sorts of stuﬀ.
How you could have been kinder.
How you could have been more patient and let her rattle on.
You also realise what you thought you knew, you really didn’t when you see
thousands turn up at her grave to ﬁnd out she’s been saving the world, secretly,
on her own. Then you hear the stories after stories and you…
“I didn’t know that?”
Well, you don’t because you don’t ask your mum, you don’t really talk and I mean
really talk, converse.
So you’re lumbered with many regrets and you never be the same again. You see
photos of her and you see she was gorgeous woman, adventuerous, a woman who
knew men well and knew the world well.
Then it dawns on you, your mum isn’t who you thought she was. Not the anger,
bitterness in your head but really, she was a champion, kind, compassionate and
if you could have gone past your own challenges, knew her for who she really was,
then you would ﬁnd you are truly the same in many ways.
You could have been great pals.
You could have been great as a song to her and a friend to her, and champion for
her. Suddenly all those pursuit means fuck all.
And if you could have her back again, you’d leave all, so you can take care of your
mum better, spend more time with her and be calm in a world full of bullshit.
In the end, you realise, time goes so fast and all that we chase becomes
meaningless.

That job way out there.
That business way out there.
The stuﬀ way out there.
All of which got you to say “I’ll call tomorrow…tomorrow…tomorrow. I’ll visit next
week, next month, next year.”
To one day get a call.
“Adam, mum…she past away outside, sitting on a settee and like always, she got
all the world going crazy, hundreds of people around her, and no one knew she
was dead. Peaceful, sitting there, smiling, right close to her house. The Police and
Criminal investigators had to close oﬀ the whole street. The inspector says…”even
when she’s dead, she still is a roit because they heard a guy hit her with a car but
when they saw the CCTV, the guy just bumped her trolly and she went looking for
him, gave him what for, and it was all on ﬁlm! Mum, even in death she causes a
roit.”
She’s gone but she is still there but like a choking hand around your chest
whenever you think of her.
Like now, when I am writing this.
Money and all that you can’t get your mum and dad back.
When you’re parents gone, you can’t bring them back and you cannot undo some
things either. Like a link has been cut and you’re now everyone is looking to you
on what is next and what to do, and how to move on.
So yes, this is the hardest and the saddest thing I’ve ever done.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Shouldn't the intent of going into a relationship be marriage?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the person.
If the person wants to be in a relationship because he loves to have sex and the
woman do too, great. Awesome. Fantastic.
That’s why they are in a relationship.
If the person wants to be in a multiple relationship with diﬀerent women/men
and others are consented….awesome, brillaint, that’s why they are in relationship
with each other.
If the person wants to date because they like being with someone but don’t want
marriage, and other person knows it and they ok, great, fantastic. that’s why they
are in a relationship.
If the person wants to date to be in a relationship for leading to marriage and
other person is same, great, fantastic. That’s why they are in a relatinship.
And if the person doesn’t want to date anyone, stay single for the rest of their
life…awesome, brillaint, that’s the relationship he/she wants.
And if social norms says, “no.” tough. It doesn’t have a say. Only ones have a say is
whoever is in the relationship.
The point of relationship isn’t marriage.
The point is whatever the people in that relationship desires and needs.

That’s the point. That intent is not designed by social norms, traditions and what
social conditioning has constructed for society to believe what intent one MUST
have for a relationship.
Because social conditioning is designed for the beneﬁt of society not
indivdiduals, and that has failed time and time again.
Now individuals are standing up for what they want in a relationship and not
what social norms and fairy tales dictates. People are free to desire and cater for
whatever they want with consent of whoever is in the relationship with them.
663 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend gets jealous when I talk to other girls, but she
talks and texts other guys endlessly. Why is she being unfair?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Life isn’t fair.
Who told you it is fair?
You want to make it fair for you then stand up for yourself and stop being passive,
timid and blaming her for it.
People will get away with whatever because you let them.
She’s being controlling, manipulative and abusive.
So either stand up for yourself and stop being passive-aggressive because you fear
losing her, or it continues.
No one can treat you like crap without your consent.
Life isn’t fair.
You make it fair, balanced, even if you have to let go of someone.
10k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't I want to look pretty and draw attention towards
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s the thing.
Even if you look pretty, you just turn your head and you will see other people who
are prettier. If you want attention then someone else will be better at getting the
attention than you do. If you want to be rich then someone else will be richer
than you are. If you want to be singer, someone else will be better at singing than
you are.
So maybe, wanting to look pretty and draw attention towards yourself may not
give you much satisfaction but probably helping others, or achieving some
worthwhile goal might.
Whatever you want, do it because it is meaningful to you.
Everyone has desires, fears, hopes.
They won’t be the same as everyone else but everyone else might deﬁnitely say..
“People don’t remember what you know, look or what you got…. as much as how
you made them feel.”
That’s universal, wherever you go.

No matter what mainstream media tries to shove and vomit in our lives.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you handle a situation where a girl backed out of a date
because she found out you asked her friend out 5 weeks prior.?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t apologise shit mate.
You asked out her friend, ﬁve weeks ago, so fucking what?
If that’s what she is like now, what you think she be like later on? If this was a guy
it be like..
“She’s not your product. Your body. You’re not entitled.”
No diﬀerent for girls. Your not her product and she’s not entitled. You can go and
ask anyone for a date.
Plenty of girls on this planet. Just move on man. She’s only thinking about her
social status and how she wasn’t the ﬁrst to be chosen.
It happens, it’s not a big deal and if she wants to make a big deal, don’t go oﬀ
being passive and timid for some insecure girl.
Appologise my ass. Don’t apologise anything.
You didn’t do anything wrong.
What you do need to learn is how social dynamics work. Most people are insecure
as fuck and so, if you try it with a close social circle and then they ﬁnd out you did
so with a friend, they all up their asses on how you played them because they
were second, or third, and not ﬁrst.
It’s mixed with jealousy, possessiveness and entitlement.
If for example, you saw a girl in a crowd of friends and you approach and just talk
to her, then believe, the other girls will get jealous, feel like she is getting all the
attention.
So you know what they do?
They fuck it up is what they do. They drag her away as if they are protecting her
but really, they didn’t the attention.
Try it and see for yourself lol.
You’ll see what I mean in real life situations and it’s how I know if she’s her own
mind or she’s easily inﬂuenced by the crowd of friends. If she is, I don’t bother. I
know she’s not someone I want to date.
You can see that in my list here, on point 17..
Adam Taha's answer to Why are guys intimidated by “cute” girls?
So….
Do you really want to date someone insecure and into that nonsense?
Move on man.
I bet you, if you don’t focus on her and just approach others out of that social
circle, and start dating, she be history.
She ain’t special. She isn’t unique and she sure isn’t the only girl on this planet.

The one who is special and unique is the one who puts things like that aside, and
doesn’t think they are entitld to be ﬁrst or second, and focuses on you.
She isn’t because she is thinking what her friends think now if she did date you.
It’s reputation image stuﬀ. How she is seen to others.
You gave her a chance and now she refused, so move on.
Don’t apologise to win her over.
You ain’t going to win her over but make her think she’s so right and will give you
headache all time about it when you are with her and…her friends.
Move on. It’s not a big deal.
Approach someone else. It is lot easier and you don’t need the headache.
9 Views · View Upvoters

Will I ever ﬁnd someone that'll love me as an introvert?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There’s a guy I know very well, and he’s dating multiple women. He’s life of the
party. He’s an artist, singer, songwriter, a writer and many around world seek his
expertise in dating and expertise in other industries like business strategy,
marketing, sales etc.
There is one thing that is similar to yourself.
He’s an introvert.
This guy is me.
For starters, I don’t look for love.
Instead, I go out and mingle, socialise, have fun, converse, get to know people. I
don’t seek validation and approval. People can feel it and so they feel
comfortable.
I’m not asking and looking for love.
Instead I bring value to table and see how I can make someone else’s experience
richer and so my focus is always on other people than myself. That doesn’t mean
I’m passive, timid and let people walk all over me.
I’m a high energy, you can’t but help be full of adrenaline when with me and you
cannot, no matter what excuse you got or how hard it is, to utter words in my
prence such as “can’t” or “impossible.
You won’t have a chance.
I’m like Doctor who. I’m ﬂying, gone, with or without whoever, on another
adventure with the mindset of giving but on my own terms. I don’t need someone
to be comvinced of who I am and what I am going to do.
When you do that, you let go of so much pressure you put on yourself. The
camera is now pointing outwards rather than at you.
You begin to observe more, listen more, focus on engaging others, participate,
help people have a good time, fun and suddenly you ﬁnd a crowd of people can’t
help but be around you.
And though I mention “introvert” here, I don’t use it as a label to fuck me over
and put me in a box. I deﬁne who I am and not some label or some books, or
psychologists or society on what an introvert is, does, can do, and can’t.

I exceeded all these expectations because..I CAN.
I don’t see myself as introvert.
I see myself as a human who has desires and the world is a planet, full of
wonders, full of amazing…intelligent…smart….sexy….women…to meet…..people
to get to know….and so I invested in social skills, pushed out of my comfort zone
and because of it, my life has changed dramatically.
Not just my life but other people’s lives have changed.
From the woman who came from africa with nothing to now ﬁnished a degree
and runs her salon and own fashion shows. To the guy who lost his home, his
girlfriend and relatives said he is a loser to now working as a manager for a digital
company and just got promoted.
He found his talent in something he never thought he had.
To the guy who was feeling depressed and his ex fucking him about to now dating
gorgeous women who treat him with the respect and he does same. And his sex
life is what most can only dream of.
To the little girl whose mother wanted to help but didn’t know how and now the
girl is working with professional expertise through my contact to harness her
amazing science and mathmatical mind.
An “introvert” achieved all this and more, and I have only begun.
That’s because I don’t seek love.
It’s in me already and so I give it to those who respect my time, and people then
get drawn to you without you forcing it. As you get into relationships….one after
another, after another, after another, you realise love cannot be found but
nurtured.
But it must be inside you ﬁrst.
So I am out in the world doing a lot.
Yes, there is a time I need to re-charge my batteries, my time alone but hey, so
does everyone else.
So it has nothing to do whether you are this or that.
It’s you putting yourself out there. If you stay at home, if you don’t talk to people,
if you stay there quiet, well, let me say, the world will pass you by.
People can sugar coat it all they want to make you feel better but I’m not going to.
You need to be proactive because how did introverts get jobs?
They go out and get them. They are proactive. They have to apply, go to
interviews, meet people face top face, talk, know how to sell themselves.
Nothing diﬀerent when it comes to dating.
Just know your target group.
If you desire similar people who are “introvert” then ﬁnd such events, places
where they hang about and go.
I personally do not want that.
One of me is enough. I like going where there is ﬁre, excitement and where I can
grow much more. Lifestyle that challenges me and so I stretch myself with social
skills, social instinct and conversation skills.

But love, I don’t look for.
It’s not something you control and ﬁnd. You be it and it attracts to you participate
with the world you like to participate with.
You love yourself and go out in world to bring value to the table.
Plenty of places out there for people for all levels, personalities. Go and ﬁnd them
and mingle, socialise. You’ll meet tons of people.
But don’t look for love.
Just go and meet people, socialise, get to know people and learn to show the best
of you. Don’t force love. Give love and you need to then have it inside you, believe
in yourself and bring value to world you’re in.
You got it in you so don’t look for it.
One step at a time.
Just go and ﬁnd your own village and go for it.
5k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my crush act like he likes me but then ﬂirts with a
diﬀerent girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You’re not his girlfriend
2. You’re not exclusive
3. You haven’t shown your interest by asking him out
4. And he hasn’t shown interest by asking you out
5. Like does not mean he will date a girl
6. So he’ll ﬂirt with other girls until he either ﬁnd his balls to ask a girl out
or a girl makes it easy for him to do so. A guy and girl can be attracted to
many girls and so they be checking out diﬀerent girls.
As for a guy liking a girl…..it doesn’t mean he will date the girl. It’s like a
girl….giving a phone number to a guy….means nothing until something happens
i.e. dating etc.
If you like him, then show interest which means you need to show vulnerability
or another girl will be dating him -and - if that happens, don’t worry. When
young, guys and girls move from one guy to another like rabbits :)
Yes, rejection can happen but that’s life.
You’ll learn early enough if you don’t go for what you want, whether it happens or
not, you’ll just be an….observer.
20k Views · View Upvoters

I am in love with a guy I met on Facebook. He says he loves me
AS A FRIEND because relationship often ends in physical
intimacy. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on. Don’t suddenly think this is something positive when it comes to dating
relationships because it’s not.
That’s a red ﬂag for you when it comes to dating.

He has insecurities that can impact for the future but also, you need to slow down
with your emotions. Don’t fall head over heals with someone when you haven’t
met, dated face to face. So step back and be mature about your approach.
It’s easy to fall for an idea and it is an idea because you haven’t met face to face.
Believe, when you meet someone face to face, it’s very diﬀerent.
But for me, I would stay away from someone who shows insecurities like this
already, in the beginning about dating because they will fucking drag you down.
You’ll be like some mother trying to get them to believe in themselves.
You don’t want to date a child do you but a guy who believes in himself and is
emotionally stong.
Best you just keep this guy as a friend you don’t meet and focus on someone else
who is much more secure and isn’t going to bring some baggage.
When I hear a women say somethings like that, regarding relationships, it’s a turn
oﬀ for me. I’m not into babysitting women and rather date women who have
conﬁdence, belief in themselves and come with a positive mind.
So slow down, take stock of things and don’t think he is showing some
vulnerability as a good sign. This is him showing insecurity that can impact you
later on, if ever you do date and be in a relationship.
304 Views

Why are guys intimidated by “cute” girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be many but understand something. Cute is not enough for a guy to pursue:
1. She’s not engaging to show him/me she’s interested in after I
approached.
2. She’s playing hard to get which is a turn oﬀ
3. She tells me some guys are into her instead of focusing on the guy who
she is with…. me.
4. She tells me she has a boyfriend
5. She’s lesbian
6. She’s sexually insecure
7. She doesn’t talk much and engage
8. She shy, timid and..
9. She’s socially awkward
10. She believes all men just wants her for sex (roll eyes)
11. She has poor social skills and communication skills
12. The vibe with her is negative and her face frowning
13. She’s not honest and I know because I’ve seen she’s not honest. Not once
but quite a few times.
14. She treats other people like shit
15. Her views about the world and life is not something I like.
16. She craves for social traditions, social norms, and validation from society
17. She is easily inﬂuenced by society, friends on who to date
18. She seems uncompatible for me to date

19. She’s sexually inhibited and calls women who aren’t ..sluts, whore, too
easy
20. She tells me she only dates for marriage
21. She has no experience in sex which is ﬁne but then makes it as some
obstacle
22. She’s boring
23. She exhibits drama queen behaviour
24. I can’t be assed with dating her because it’s too much work and hassle
25. She doesn’t make it easy to get to know her in a romantic way
As you can see, it can be anything but deﬁnitely, “cute” is not enough. Even if she
has amazing face, tits, ass, it won’t be enough.
If I cannot get a positive vibe from her, if she doesn’t take intiative, if any of the
list impacts my feelings towards her in a negative way, I’m not going to bother.
I got standards.
Being pretty and cute, is not good enough.
It’s not rare and it’s not unique.
Look around. There will always be a woman who is cuter, good looking and
prettier. Not unique. Very common these days.
It might get my attention but dating, is a very diﬀerent matter altogether.
See here for more on what I mean in greater detail..
Adam Taha's answer to Do you guys (men) choose your girl in terms of
appearance - body weight and looks - or by psychological attraction rather than
physical?
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Grace Wagner

I've been texting this guy for a month and we've been out on
study dates 3 times but recently I feel like he's losing interest.
Should I cut contact?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok. Look. Stop mixing studying with dating.
That’s the ﬁrst. Stop playing safe. Irritating when people do that.
There is no study “date.”
There is hanging out to just study and there is dating. You’re both not dating and
you’ve been doing the signal, hinting, stuﬀ most women and guys do. If you like a
guy in a romantic way then don’t mix study with it and call it a date. It needs to be
clear, direct and the reason why he is losing interest because it is going nowhere
due to both of you pretending nothing is happening.
Or thinks, ‘what’s the point’ because only time he sees you is for “studying.”
Second, decide what it is you want.
Because one part you’re saying you don’t want distraction and next you don’t
want to lose contact. Ok then. Don’t lose contact but understand if you don’t
make a move, someone else will and when he does start dating, you cannot
expect him giving time to you. He probably be spending more time with his
girlfriend.

Don’t cut oﬀ contact but do re-frame this something else that isn’t “study” and
move it to really “dating” and to do that….you need to show vulernability.
So ask him out and cut out this “study” talk.
Don’t frame things around some event like study or you’re being a pal, a friend,
and he will not make his move because he probably thinks you’re not into him for
anything else but study.
Ask….him….out. Make it clear you’re interested in him.
Then see what he says.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I went on a Tinder date with a girl. We kissed in the ﬁrst date
however she seems like she lost her interest now. What did I do
wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She kissed on the ﬁrst date which means she’s conﬁdent. sexually conﬁdent and
expects the guy to realise, she isn’t looking for some guy who so easily falls for a
girl due to a kiss.
You already have feelings for her and probably texting some boring stuﬀ, showing
your feelings and all that. You only met once. You only kissed and even if you had
sex as an example, you cannot do what most women and men do, thinking sex is
love.
You’re mistake is you get emotionally invested far too soon.
Step back.
Don’t have high expectations in beginning to start building ideas in your head
about a girl. Slow down, lighten up, don’t start texting lots of things, pushing it
for relationship.
You probably try to frame it into a relationship far too soon at an unconscious
level due to fear of losing the girl, and so, you thought if you do more texting,
showing feeling, you won’t lose the girl.
That actually works against you.
Now, don’t see this as negative but as a lesson for growth. A man is sharing his
experience here. I’m not a man like most who hasn’t dating experience. So I’m
sharing some insight that might be the problem so you can ﬁx it yourself.
I would advise, to prevent yourself focusing on one girl for a long while. Just
focus on attracting girls, dating them, and date many to get rid of neediness and
this thing where you fall for a girl and have feelings for her so early on.
It’s ok. It’s natural.
Human nature and due to way society has been socially conditioned, we fear loss,
we desire acceptance, we yearn for approval and validation.
But from a man to man. control your emotions.
Don’t emotionally invest too much so early with your feelings.
The ﬁrst girl won’t be that girl. Maybe not the second one, third, fourth, ﬁfth,
sixth, 10th, but along the lines, you will grow in experience, knowledge, skill to
one day meet a girl where the click seems so natural, you’re not trying hard
anymore, and you both very comfortable with yourself in attracttion phase and
on wards.

This what most guys do wrong.
You’re going to lose a lot of girls. That is how it is.
Don’t lose heart and just keep going. You at least done what most guys haven’t got
the balls to do.
Attracted a girl, dated, kissed and did some follow up for it to die out. So you’re
good at atracting the girls and going on a date. You just need work then in follow
up, meeting again, etc.
Observe, remember where it is going wrong and ﬁx it but just know, even if you
get it right, there will always be girls who will walk away for reasons out of your
control. That doesn’t me to not learn, grow, be a better version of yourself, invest
in skills for building attraction etc.
No problem. Move on again and again.
Always move forward mate. Always. That is all you can control and your
behaviour. Takes time to know yourself and world around you.
It will be ok. Just keep moving forward and don’t let it get you down.
5k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't obese women ﬁnd love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes..
1. Fat
2. Obese
3. Curvy
4. Tall
5. Short
6. Thin
7. sporty
8. Not sporty
9. Red head
10. Blonde
11. Brunette
12. Black hair
13. Grey hair
14. White hair
15. Diﬀerent colour hair
16. Bald
17. Skin head style hair
18. Punk style hair
19. etc cetre etc.
Any woman can attract love.
Why.
Because I says so :P

And what I say goes on planet earth. Remember that :)
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do you kiss a girl not knowing if she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why are you with a girl who hasn’t shown interest back to you?
Forget the kiss. You’re jumping the gun here.
Why are you with a girl when you she hasn’t 100% shown she is into you, wanting
you, besotted by you?
Because you haven’t and skipped major steps.
This isn’t Disney. This is real life.
You would never see me be with a woman romantically until she shows she’s
inrerested in me.
That is called “qiualifying process.”
1. You approach
2. You ﬂirt, converse,
3. You ask her out
4. She says yes
5. You build on attraction as you meet, and date
There is a process and so, if you skip the process because you’re plating safe,
being a nice guy, hoping it JUST HAPPENS, then you ask questions like this.
Before I even meet a girl, I have approached, I have ﬂirted, teased, she knows I am
attracted to her. We have exchanged phone numbers, I have created sexual
tension on text and lead to phone.
By the time we meet face to face for ﬁrst time as a date, we’re kissing.
It’s not rocket science.
It’s just most people either playing Disney or Bollywood.
You don’t go oﬀ just kissing any random girl you meet because you like her. There
is a process to be applied ﬁrst.
975 Views · View Upvoters

Why should you not leave the one you love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Should?”
Let’s say I am in a relationship with a woman and she’s abusive, manipulating
and causing drama, or cheating, having an aﬀair, then love won’t be enough. No
such thing as “should.”
If we change, if we are not compatible then no matter how much I love someone,
it’s going to end.
I can still have feelings for her but it doesn’t mean I’m going to be treated like
shit. I’m going to move on.
So I don’t believe love is enough.

It takes other things for it to work.
One of them is self respect. Love starts with the person themselves not doing
things to harm themselves. To love themselves, have boundaries and not be naive
to think the Hollywood, Bollywood, and romance novels concept that love
conquers all.
Love doesn’t conquer all.
It needs some help.
883 Views · View Upvoters

Do you guys (men) choose your girl in terms of appearance body weight and looks - or by psychological attraction rather
than physical?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can’t speak for many guys but the way I choose is this..
1. The Physical. That’s what I see ﬁrst and that’s what’s going to draw me
in. So imagine a woman about 10 steps away. I don’t know her. I don’t
know her personality. I can only see her ﬁgure, her body, her face, her
ﬂowing her, her tall or short slim body. Her being approachable by
looking at me, smiling, turning her body towards me and walking a few
steps. Maybe even wave which sometimes happen as well.
In all honesty, this is what captures my attention. Visual ﬁrst. It’s like
anything. You’re attentioned is grabbed but when you approach you’re
brain is on high alert, looking for other things as well….
2. Next it is Psychological. I need to know if I can get along with her. I need
to know her personality, if she is social like me, has social instinct, see
things way I do, can take humour, is fun like me and don’t take life, sex
and all that so seriously. If I feel safe with her because I might introduce
to friends later on. I might in future share personal stuﬀ. I value my
social circle etc cetre. So I am looking for more deeper meaning than the
outer in this phase.
3. Now I determine if she is reliable, if she is honest, if she respects my
time, if she doesn’t play hard to get, if she starts showing insecurities. I
watch for habits and major red ﬂags. Does she talk about past
relationship? Has she got lots of baggages?
Does she treat others around her well?
Does she treat me well after sex or starts being insecure?
Or she going to act like some bitch?
Is she going to change and I ﬁnd she isn’t who she says she is?
I am on high alert and watching very carefully.
If I ﬁnd something she says, something she does, and it turns me oﬀ, I
will say so and that means, I am going to see how she reacts to my
honesty which isn’t brutish, but polite. I am going to watch for drama.
She will probably be doing the same with me too but maybe look at
diﬀerent speciﬁcs stuﬀ as we’re all diﬀerent.

So perceived value ﬁrst and then absolute value follows. If the visual appealing is
there but the other part is not there, then forget it.
It’s not going to happen for me. It won’t work.
No, it doesn’t mean I am disregarding visual appeal. I can still attract women with
both. They are out there and I do attract them in my life.
I want to enjoy each others company as well.
I can’t be intimate with someone just for their look.
Yes, they be appealing in my eyes but I need also the other part, the personality,
the rich values, her opinion on how she sees world, life, people, sex, and the way
she makes me feel alive, where she’s kind, compassionate, mature etc.
That we click together, where we are sexually attracted to each other and
comfortable. Like it was meant to be. We click.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What will you do if a woman that you really love rejected you
and you are unable to move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The person is unable because they made that choice. Has fuck all it to do with
love. Love is not one sided and love never said it was enough.
I move on is what I’ll do.
No wants to be sitting around with someone mopiing about lost love or even date
such a person. I person stay far away from wiomen who pine over ex’s and lost
love. I rather date someone with experience and maturity,
We’re not living in the dark ages anymore. A person can get therapy, they can get
expertise advise and do something about it.
So it’s not about unable.
It’s about the person willing to move on and if they are unwilling, well, the other
person is moving on, whether one likes it or not.
The other person will move on, they will love someone else, they will be in other
relationships, they will probably have children or not etc.
So it’s up to the person.
If the person doesn’t give a shit about their life, then they cannot expect someone
else to gives a shit about them.
And yes, the world also doesn’t give a shit.
So one can wallow in self pity or go in depression.
The world will still move on.
Harsh but that is reality. That’s how it is in life.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Can a guy ﬂirt so much with a girl that she will go crazy over
him and have to ask him out herself?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Actually, if you ﬂirt too much, like most guys who have no balls do, and do not
ask the girl out……it works against you.

You see ﬂirting has a goal.
If you ﬂirt too much, it does get fucking boring.
It also sends a signal that you’re not that interested.
It also creates confusion, then it moves to pissed oﬀ and then to disinterest.
So if you are ﬂirting with a girl and you’re assuming things because you fear
rejection and don’t ask her out right there and then..….then you are using ﬂirting
upside down. You’re missing the point.
Same with texting.
Far too many guys text for weeks on end. That’s not ﬂirting.
That’s self sabotage.
I only ﬂirt with a girl for 5 mins just to remove awkwardiness, we laugh, have fun
and then I get serious with conversing to get to know her a little.
Then I ask her out right there and then by suggesting some adventure, in city
with a hint of sexual experience :) so she knows this is romantic not platonic. It
doesn’t mean I am going to jump on her and have sex on ﬁrst date.
It means I am unafraid to behave indiﬀerent from other guys and showing I’m not
here to be friends, platonic but it is romantic, sexual, going out on a date without
labelling it as a date.
If she says yes, we exchange numbers and I follow up.
If no, I move on and approach someone else later on.
Texting is same.
I don’t text tons, but sparingingly to build on attraction and by the end of week or
so, sometimes even quicker, I lead to meet face to face for dating. I will know very
fast if she’s just not interested.
Sometimes, just sometimes, due to logistic problems like timing it can take
longer but that’s ok. I have other girls that I approach, so I am not waiting around.
I put my focus on the one who is a priority. The one who gives back when I give to
her. So if she responds, if she takes action, if she is pushing forward as I am too then she is the one I focus on the most.
It’s why I don’t get frustrated about who doesn’t text back, who isn’t going to turn
up, who is slow, who is a drama queen and so on.
I move fast and I don’t spend time convincing and winning girls over. I don’t have
time for play hard. I am busy, writing books, coaching people in diﬀerent
industries due to my wide range of skills and expertise.
So it’s not that I am playing hard.
I just honestly, cannot wait and I found by ﬂirting not too much, just so I make
the experience rich for the girls I approach, it moves faster. It also frames
everything else later on and it makes it much quicker if the girls are not into guys
like me.
I know right there and then, and it’s ﬁne.
I have no hard feelings. I understand rejection happens and nothing much I can
control when it comes to some things.
So don’t ﬂirt too much because attraction needs to move to next phase. It doesn’t
stay in one place. It’s a process like any other.

1. Approach
2. Flirt, be light hearted.
3. Qualify. Meaning you are showing it’s not about sex, her body but you
got standards and interested other important things about her. She
needs to also do some work in showing interest. If she doesn’t, it’s not
going to happen. I move on.
4. Yes/No. If I get past qualify then I get her number. Just because I got her
nnumber and she said yes, doesn’t mean it is a date. A phone number
means nothing. It’s just a number. Many girls give phone numbers out
just to avoid saying no. Understand we all lie and we do it sometimes out
of fear, avoiding conﬂict and awkwardiness. So be a good listener. If you
ﬁnd she isn’t responding, don’t chase. Let her go. Learn to move on
faster!
These can happen real fast or sometimes slower. Depends on many
factors but I make sure to go through certain stages.
5. Next phase…etc cetre.
And deeper phase is..
1. Attraction
2. Qualify
3. Comfort
4. seduction
And in within all these are steps.
So you’re wasting time staying in one phase and putting far too much investment
in beginning when you need to invest less.
By investing less you get a girl to show her intent faster.
If she doesn’t show intent, no point ﬂirting anymore. You move on and that’s how
you don’t get girls wasting your time and giving mixed signals.
You’re conﬁdent.
You believe in yourself
You believe a girl who says no, has nothing to do with you personally but either
you’re approach and second, she has speciﬁc things she’s attracted to. That’s ﬁne,
you found out and move on.
Be polite. Move on. Let her go.
Many a times I have done this and I found some girls realise they should have
said yes. I don’t know why it happens but sometimes a week later or two,
sometimes even longer, they contact me and we resume. It works out great.
That doesn’t mean I put hope on this. I still move on.
So there are two key ponts here.
1. Learn to use ﬂirting to create excitement, passion, be fun, light hearted
and not series. Get her talking.
2. Ask out out by painting a picture of what might happen, then if all well,
get her number.
The key is you learn to move on faster and get to the girl who really wants to date
you sooner than later.

You may need to approach many girls to reach such girls but the more you learn
to move faster in these phases by being conﬁdent to ask a girl out, the faster you
move forward or moving on to someone else.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys with girlfriends ﬂirt with other girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why does a guy with a girlfriend ﬂirt with so many other girls?

Because..
1. He’s conﬁdent
2. He is calm and comfortable with his sexuality
3. He gets along with everyone of the girls he meet
4. He’s ﬂirting for fun
5. The girls also ﬂirting back for fun
6. They sense he’s conﬁdent and welcome the attention
7. Probably know…. he’s not some niche guy shmuck who is pretending to
be a nice guy, to get into their pants. He doesn’t need to when he can
build rapport fast with girls and easily.
8. His girlfriend trusts him. knows him and likes him for who he is.
9. His girlfriend isn’t insecure and has what is socially constructed in
society, called Jealousy
I’m speaking from my own personal experience.
I’m very relaxed, conﬁdent with women and we behave this way when we see
each other, and the girlfriends I date have no problem with it.
Plus, I don’t give a fuck what society or anyone looking thinks. If someone judges
me, I’m open in letting them do it because I know myself. I’m open for others to
criticize because I am detached from the need to be right.
If it makes them feel better, go ahead.
He’s probably thinking the same too :)
You can read more on why people enjoy judging others, putting them down and
belittling them…..
Why do people enjoy judging and putting down or belittling other people?
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is physical appearance the number one reason for rejection at
ﬁrst sight?

 https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-approach-new-people-who-immediately-turn-away-from-…
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s human nature.
The unconscious runs on autopilot and so, imagine all the years of social
conditioning regarding what is good looking and what isn’t, what is valuable for
the person in society and what isn’t, what people will see you as and so on.
So you have all this at a deep unconscious level.

One of the process of the brain is it ﬁlters, categorises and labels. It does that in
under 3 seconds and bases it on the data inside our mind.
It doesn’t just look at appearances of clothes, cheekbones, ﬁgure body shape but
also it looks at the behaviour, status, health, illness, behaviour, association and
how does this person deﬁne the owner of the brain in their world.
It’s alright saying “don’t judge by it’s cover” but society does judge it’s book by it’s
cover. First impressions do matter, appearances do matter.
For example, from children story books, adult books, romance novels, movies,
the heroes are portrayed as good looking. Covers of magazine of men and
women…good looking. Billboards of women and men…good looking. Music
videos to comics. Then add social media, instagram facebook, millions of selﬁes
etc,
On and on we can go with how social conditioining played a major role in
inﬂuencing the subconscious mind to judge people by appearances.
So people associate features, appearances and behaviour with certain qualities.
When does this become less?
When people grow older, with less resources, lines showing, tits and ass sagging,
age, lines growing, or when they get hurt enough times to realise…,good looks
and appearances of someone doesn’t really equate trust worthiness and
kindness, and not so good looking doesn’t mean they won’t cheat.
None of the above I’ve written mentions personality because no matter how
people say, they don’t see personality ﬁrst, the whole society structure is built on
what you look like in appearance, track records, credit score, job you’re in,
income, your health, area, if you got a missing tooth or some rotten ones.
No one gave a shit about my personality but moment I hit the gym, and a year
went by, and I worn damn good clothes AND behaved in a certain manner…
women started noticing and things changed dramatically.
Talk about “don’t objectify.”
Women didn’t give a shit until my appearance changed and more results meant
increase in conﬁdence etc.
So now there is far less rejection and much more dates.
So yes, appearances does matter and it can play a part in rejection because after
all, a person is saying no and they don’t even know the person.
Appearance in diﬀerent forms, is the number one reason why people reject.
Human nature.
It is what it is = Perceived value.
But it is the absolute value that takes a person to invest time to know the person
and go beyond the look, the clothes and the halo eﬀect.
People don’t do that until they ﬁnd themselves in some situations where they
wake up to realise….perceived value isn’t much good for longer lasting
relationships.
I said longer. I didn’t say till the end of our lives.
That’s a diﬀerent story altogether.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

A woman on my tinder agreed to go on a date with me, but I
found out that she is in a relationship. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is one thing I don’t do. Listen to friends telling me or showing me who the
girl is. I decide that by going out with her.
You don’t know her full story.
For all you know, the relationship isn’t going too well, she’s breaking up with guy
and whatever the case maybe.
I won’t assume anything.
She’s in Tinder for a reason and she wants to date.
Go and meet her and ﬁnd out the full story from her, not facebook, not your
friend or anyone else.
You’ll be glad you did because sometimes, what you see and what you hear from
others, and what you see online isn’t what it seems to be.
You’re over thinking and self sabotaging yourself. Next time, keep this kind of
information to yourself than telling people you’re lucky to go out with someone.
People can mess things up for you and it already has by sowing seeds in your
mind.
People are easy to judge others when they don’t know full stroy.
Like this here..
Why does a guy with a girlfriend ﬂirt with so many other girls?
Take action and meet her. Don’t assume when you see things because what you
see might be something entirely diﬀerent. You never know until you talk to that
very person yourself, face to face.
This is not July.
It’s August and a lot can happen since then.
You don’t know her and you’re already judging her.
The way most would like this…
Why does a guy with a girlfriend ﬂirt with so many other girls?
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Girl texted she misses me. Should I text her back saying I miss
her? Would it make me less manly to do that? Is it good for a
man to show his emotional side?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t over think this.
Do you miss her?
If Yes, then…..
Lead the way….and here’s an example of one of my text which lead me to call,
meet her and we started dating….
Girl - I miss you
Me - We’ll have to do something about that :)

Girl - Like?
Me - Texting is lame. Call you in 5 mins and I’ll tell you all about it.
Her - Can you make it 15 mins please
Me - Ok
There we go. Lead it to more interaction, be fun but don’t be on phone for hour.
Instead, be fun, light hearted and lead to meeting up face to face.
10 min on phone, tops and lead to the goal…to meet. Talk about some event,
place, activity and ask her out.
Use these tools, the texting and phone wisely.
Oh and the manliness part?
It’s ok to show vulnerability but don’t start spilling your guts, telling her negative
life stories, and crying, and blah blah.
Be up beat, positive and build on the attraction.
None of this “I love you” shit and romantic stuﬀ in beginning.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why does the girl I like get mad when my friend teases her
about me liking her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re doing it all wrong if you’re looking for things like this to mean she’s
interested in you. That’s why you asked that question.
So no point me answering the question when the question is totally diﬀerent
like..
“Does it mean she likes me?”
Ask her out and ﬁnd that way and stop looking at signals and hints.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad that I lied to my boyfriend about how many cookies I
ate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not bad at all.
It’s just unhealthy for the relationship when you’re afraid to be open with your
boyfriend or it’s getting you to feel that way.
It be easy for me to say to telling to get the fuck out of here but I would suggest to
sit down with him, have a talk. I’m sure he loves you and he has some bad habits
or doing things he doesn’t know or needs you to say to him.
So ﬁrst try that.
Because I am same. I might do something, and I don’t realise it is hurting
someone else and I won’t mind, if the person tells me.
I’m always open to grow, and who better than the girlfriends I date, who are open
enough to sit down with me, and calmly, with a smile, talk with me about it. I’m a
reasonable man, I like truth and I want to grow stronger, wiser as a man.
So have a talk with your boyfriend. Maybe communication is needed.

Maybe he needs to know something many didn’t tell him. Maybe he doesn’t even
know this is doing this to you.
Have a talk with him and that way you set boundaries. If he’s a reasonable guy,
mature and not some narcisstic prick, he will understand and he’ll stop doing it.
523 Views · View Upvoters

A girl asked me whether I like her, but she has a boyfriend. How
should I diplomatically answer her so that I either date her if it
works and maintain the friendship if it doesn't?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Any woman who asks me such question I return it back..
“What do you ask?”
If she wants to know, then at least ask from the frame and position she is at. So I
want to know what position and frame she is at by asking her..
“why do you ask?”
Or I will go like this..
“I think you’re attractive, smart, you have this adventureous streak about you
which is great, and I know we’d both have fun but pity, you got a boyfriend and
even if I’m poly, I like things with any woman to start on right footing. Right, let’s
get a drink, there’s a bar down the road…”
:)
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What will you do if a creepy dude hit on your girlfriend and
constantly disturb her at public area although you are there?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ll record on phone, just enough for evidence because I know people can be
fucking wankers and might turn on me. Then, he’ll be on ﬂoor and she’ll call the
cops. I won’t punch him. I’ll nail him on ﬂoor as she continues to ﬁlm.
That way, he gets the message to not harrass woman I’m with and any OTHER
women.
But then again, it has never happened.
470 Views · View Upvoters

Why does she message me after telling me she's not interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
1. She knows she can
2. Because you let her
3. Because you reply back
4. And you’re like those nice guys, push over, who keep saying you’re
supportive and sympathetic, and so you keep giving her time.
She’s not the problem.

You are. You’re passive aggressive. Ra rah on here but to her face you’re like a
mouse, not saying shit to her.
Why haven’t you?
You know, ask her..
“Why are you texting me if you’re not interested?”
Is it because you might lose pussy? Or you will oﬀend her? Or she will get upset.
Let her get upset.
You want to know, ask her because it’s a good question and she has the answer.
Just do yourself a favour.
Don’t be like most guys who hang around her in hope she changes her mind and
become an emotional tampon. Trying to save her like some fairy tale knight.
Most women fucking love that shit.
You know, want loads of guy friends to spend hours texting, talking, for attention,
and probably…and believe me…it will get to that….vomiting her sad stories of ex
boyfriends, guys, yada yad yada.
So if you’re going to be a friend…set boundaries from day one.
When she does try that on, tell her to shut the fuck up in a polite manner and use
her relatives and girlfriends as that’s what they are there for. Or the chumps that
orbit around her in hope they get into her pants because you’re not one of them.
And spend more time in approaching other girls if you want to date.
Sounds harsh, but hey, you either learn the easy way or hard way.
Your choice
:)
13.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I manage to become best friend with a guy I just met?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As long you do not mean like as in crush, as in infatuation but “like” as in
friendship, then appreciate that for any type of relationship, for one to be special,
they have to be unique than most in world.
You are on woman out of millions. Thousands of women walk by us men. None
are special and none unique because they are like all the many women who walk
by.
Like a rose.
Many roses in the garden but what makes one rose out of all these roses special?
The time you give. The time you invest. The nurturing, the being there and
treating this rose diﬀerent to others. The way you treat a man when he
approaches, the way you make him feel wanted and so, it blossoms because of
that.
Read the Little Prince and the Fox or watch this..

So ﬁrst start establishing ties by saying hi and slowly, get to know the person but
appreciate….you can’t make anyone a best friend.
But you can start investing time with the person, spend time later on when you
got know him to go out, check some places out, practice the language etc.
What makes someone see you as special, unique to the hundreds and thousands
who walk by, sit, do whatever, is the time you put into knowing someone. It’s how
you treat this person. It’s how you’re diﬀerent in not bringing drama, pain, hurt
but you bring positive.
Because people don’t care about how much we know and what want until they
know how you make them feel.
There are other things but this is small step to a positive understanding and
approach to start with.
Start by saying hi.
Just make it clear in someway that it’s platonic not romantic interest.
738 Views · View Upvoters

When dating online, when should I expect someone to stop
dating other people after we met?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you’re both have talked and agreed to be exclusive to each other. So it’s
more about both of you communicating clearly when you feel you really do want
to comitt to each other.
So in other words..
1. You have dated for sometime
2. You feel you really like this person and want to be exclusive
3. You talk, communicate, face to face about it. Bring it up without subtle
hints. Best to not do that as that creates confusion and also, it’s
immature.
4. Then if you both agreed, that’s when you both stop dating others.
So it’s about both of you communicating with each other and take it from there. If
the person is not into monagamy like myself, I will say not into that. Or he might
not want to have exclusivity for whatever reason and nothing wrong with that
either.
You just decide what you want, talk together and then you know where you stand.
It maybe if the person doesn’t want to, then you have to decide if that’s what you
want or not.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl out and she said yes. This is the farthest I've ever
gone with a girl. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Stop with the oneitis. She won’t be the only girl you fall for and date. So
thinking “I don’t want to loser her” is not the right mindset. That’s where
you will fuck up by putting her on a pedestal. Let it go. Don’t behave in a
manner from fear and enjoy yourself.
2. Behave as a lover not a friend. You see her, take her hand and walk. Be
conﬁdent.
3. Don’t go to cinema/movies or anywhere expensive. You don’t need to do
that shit. You can walk, talk, as this is a time to get to know each other.
Be fun, light hearted and at same time, a lover type. No negativity, no
crying about past, none of that. Keep it upbeat, focused on both having a
fun rich experience. Positive attitude.
4. Use this time if you really think both of you are compatible. If she is not
being friendly, if she’s bitching about, if she treats you like shit, if she
puts you down, if she starts talking about other guys and ex, stand up for
yourself politely. Let her know you got an opinion. So don’t be scared of
losing her. Have standards because the worse isn’t losing girls.
It is losing yourself!.
Now just relax and have fun. Take her out and enjoy yourself.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I assure my girlfriend that I'll never hurt her again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t reassure by words but by action.
It is in your consistent….behaviour.
So forget words.
That advise goes to women too. It is in the action not words that you show you
care and love someone.
Talk is just talk.
The sincerity is in the action.
Behave in such a manner and stop trying to reassure her with words but also,
don’t be a fucking push over either.
If you genuinely changed but she still doesn’t trust you or whatever, move on.
Just know, trust is very fragile.
It takes time to build, sometimes years but just one stupid action can get it
crumbling down for person to not trust again.
Think before you speak and act.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I’m in love with a man who is married. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, you’re not in love with man who is married.

You’re in love with the idea, the feelings it gives you, the emotions and all logic,
rationale goes out of the window.
You knew he was married and yet, you continued to invest time, eﬀort, more
thinking and so on. Because infatuation doesn’t grow into love just like that.
Attraction is not a choice.
Love is.
So you are saying, “I knew a man who is married, didn’t give a fuck about his wife,
or his relationship but I kept putting time in to fall in love with him. I don’t care
about other people. I only care for myself…”
Love has fuck all to do with it.
Love is always blamed or credited far too much for many things to avoid taking
responsibility for one’s own choices.
Since you knew how to start this, you also know how to quit.
How do you make an idea weaker?
You don’t put anymore time, eﬀort and energy into it and instead you re-direct
the energy, eﬀort into something or someone else who….isn’t….married.
22 Views · View Upvoters

Why do most men go out with ugly women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because….
1. They are not ugly to the guys who date them
2. They are amazing at sex and sexually conﬁdent.
3. They believe a guy who approaches them is due to them being attractive
and a have lot of value to oﬀ while most would say “Ooooh he just wants
me for sex.”
4. They’re smart
5. They are easy and amazing to talk with and conversation is just brill
6. They are fun to be with and witty
7. They know how to ﬂirt
8. They know how to turn their man on
9. They are much more comfortable with their girlfriend as she’s down to
earth and not awkward.
10. They are so smart they didn’t fall for bullshit called “play hard to get.”
And if I am not objectifying enough……
11. They have amazing ass and tits
I think that covers it.
:)
34 Views · View Upvoters

Why would some girl fall in love with me even though I did
nothing for them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t have to do much for a girl to be infatuated by a guy. In fact you could be
nowhere, and she sees a photo of you on facebook and…
And “OOoooh…”
It can even be as simple as his looks.
It’s chemicals. Infatuation. Yes, most will bullshit all day long how they like a guy
for his personality. Like they got some radar power tool wonder woman gave
them to read into the soul of guys.
They see a guy, and kabooooooooooom!
Infatuation. Halo eﬀect. Chemicles kicking oﬀ.
That’s called a crush, puppy love, infatuation, bada bing…bada boom ;)
That’s attraction.
Then it builds up, if she spends a little time, sees more.
That’s why Attraction is not a choice.
But love is.
And no. Love is not enough. Never is.
But that’s another story I won’t get into.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't I get any guys' attention?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Maybe because
1. You’re unapproachable because you look too serious
2. You’re unapproachable because you whole body language doesn’t show
you’re friendly
3. Maybe you’re whole body language screams of mistrust of men
4. Maybe because you send vibes that are negative, which is an already
existing fear, insecurities which projects from your face with some
serious scorn look or aloofness.
5. Maybe you expect guys to walk over and ask you out as you do fuck all
6. Maybe like most girls, you’re head is in your mobile phone,
texting..texting..texting. Or walking about with headphone and so guys
see that and don’t bother. I too can’t stand that shit.
7. Maybe a lot of things but we know one thing don’t we?
Whatever it is you’re doing…..doesn’t work.
So change it.
Relax, stop over thinking, and stop taking it seriously.
Just be friendly, smile.
Honestly the amount of women who don’t fucking smile, is ridicolous. Smile, be
friendly, say Hi, and get engaged with the guys.
Watch your body language and facial expression.

Be proactive.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do you support interfaith marriage? Why or why not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I believe any type of relationship will work if lovers love each other,
understanding it takes more than love to make it work and build on it.
Yes I support interfaith marriages although I am not into marriage myself.
However, if people want to do that, fair enough. That’s their way of doing things.
Compatibility isn’t the bullshit people use as an excuse for the New Relationship
Feeling. It’s not about commonalities, interest, religion, job, income that most
promote and we hear about.
It is an attitude.
It is a process in which lovers are willing to work together towards a common
purpose, each others happiness without losing their own individuality and own
purpose, goals in life.
That’s what compatibility is.
An attitude.
846 Views · View Upvoters

A girl is too busy for me. But I really like her. How can I go about
this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re giving her too much attention. I don’t talk to women for an hour on the
phone when they are unwilling shown intent to invest i.e. dating you to get to
know you in a romantic way.
You’re wasting your time on someone who sees you as nothing more than
someone to get attention from and will lead to emotional support bullshit talk.
Stop wasting time, talking for an hour with a girl who is unsure.
If a girl doesn’t say YES, move on.
Don’t be like most guys who spend lots of time on phone talking, texting the girl
when she hasn’t even shown interest in you to say she likes to date.
Girls say a lot of things but avoid saying no.
1. They don’t like saying no because it’s awkward, it avoids conﬂict. So they
say they are unsure, or will think about it, too busy, or not ready for
relationship blah blah. You need to have standards in seeing this is not
good enough for you and you move on because you want a clear YES.
2. Some like to lead you on and if you’re not careful, you’ll become like
those guys who become some pal, treated like a friend and will never
date you. Many are lonely, needy for attention and waste your time with
talk…talk…talk but it goes nowhere.
3. And some play hard to get because they learnt that dumb habit from
people they know, magazines, other girls/women and even hear that crap
advise from guys too. Believing that playing hard ﬁlters the non serious
and serious which is nonsense. Needy and insecure play that game.

By having standards, getting a clear Yes, it avoids you being stuck in such
experiences. You don’t get a yes? You know you don’t invest anymore time on
such girls.
Let her go and approach someone else.
Have standards where if a girl doesn’t give you 100% clear yes…move on. Don’t
assume anything, don’t look for hints, signals and meanings.
Just move on.
An hour on the phone with a girl who hasn’t yet invested in you shows you
haven’t much standards.
Distance yourself, don’t bother with her and spend your time approach other
girls. Limit contact with her and prioritise your time.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Can you name something you have too much of?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Lots of books. If I knew a woman who can read tons of books, I’ll be
attracted to her. I loved reading books. My home is ﬁlled with books.
Love knowledge.
2. High sexual drive. Yes, I can have sex 4 times a day no problem and I’ll
still want more Fortunately, I am dating multiple women who also have
high sexual drive and…they read lots of books.
3. Ideas. Lots of ideas for books, stories and I write tons and shelf them
while I work on one to the ﬁnish.
11 Views · View Upvoters

Getting EXTREMELY mixed signals from a girl. Any advice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will say it in 4 words.
You are being played.
She isn’t giving you mixed signals. She is playing you because she likes the
attention. She has said no to you many a times, and she has avoided answering
directly one an occassion to.
I give women one chance to show their intent.
One chance.
I don’t wait for any woman. I don’t go back to same woman. Many do and become
passive and timid.
If a woman does that to you and one day you do date, I tell you now, you are so
fucking screwed you won’t know your head from your ass.
You’ll be so up her ass and her pussy on a pedestal.
You’ll be like this young guy here…..who asks…
Would I have a chance with her in a few years?
Let her go man. You don’t want platonic relationship, friendship kind of thing.,
Most women will advise you to stick to it, it’s ok, you get to hang around her.
Load of bollocks.

You’ll be her emotional Tampon, giving her attention.
She’s not interested and you are not interested in her being a friend. Let her go
and stop wasting time with women who don’t want to date you.
Plenty of women on this planet.
Break oﬀ communication and move on and learn the lesson.
1. If a woman doesn’t give you a FUCK YES. Move on.
2. If a woman say no. Don’t ask her again. Move on.
3. If a woman doesn’t give you a clear Yes and avoids to answer, move on.
Most women, they fucking love collecting friends, building their network and
most won’t give a shit if you’re interested in them and you’re hanging with them.
They don’t care and they see it as your fault for hanging around.
Let her go, break communication and approach other women.
No more Oneitis.
If you don’t know what that is…
Do You Suﬀer From Oneitis?
304 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Aaron Dober

Will you accept someone that likes you but does not love you as
your girlfriend / boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t date immature women. That means women I date don’t go oﬀ saying
things like that because it does bring any value.
One doesn’t need to say that. They just date someone and see how it goes but to
say to someone, “I like you but I might not fall in love with you…” is something
just personally immature to say.
The same can be said for me. I might like the woman but don’t expect I fall for her
but I won’t say it because it’s fucking stupid to say. You don’t say thing to create
drama and friction. You say thing to bring value to a relationship and to someone
the person is dating.
I’m talking about girlfriend, a woman who is dating the person not some friend.
Fortunately, I never had a woman say things like that but that’s because I date
mature women.
630 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is a very sexual person. I am not. How do I make
this relationship work?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is very sexual and you’re not. It’s going to be very diﬃcult because if she is
sexual, and you cannot satisfy her, she will go somewhere else. It’s an important
part of the relationship and being with someone who is very sexual and you’re
not is going to cause some major frustrations down the road.
Now, if you’re not very sexual and she feels is deal breaker, and she is unwilling to
work with you to come some some agreement - then you are both not compatible.
I’m a very high sexual guy and so, I’m not going to be with women who are not.
One can give me all the morality crap day about love and all that but I’m not

going to make life hard for me but also for the whoever I am dating.
That’s her life too and so if I am in a relationship and knowing she isn’t sexual,
well, not only have I made it diﬃcult for myself but imagine years in a
relationship where I want to move on because of this. That’s years oﬀ her life too
and I could have avoided it and made life easier for her too.
Relationships already take work and I date multiple women, so I am not going to
make my life harder for me and the women I date.
I’d know from day one it’s not going to happen.
Even masturbation won’t do trick because I like intimacy to have a woman’s hot
blooded skin on mine, and real physical intimacy than fantasy. So for me,
personally, this isn’t going to get better for you but worse.
If both of you are monagmous and you don’t believe in seeing other people while
still being in relationship then best you and her be with someone suited for each
other.
Love is not enough.
If you cannot satisfy her, it’s going to be a case in which she will ﬁnd such
satisfaction from somewhere else.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I rejected a guy. He saw me pointing at him when I was talking
to my friends. What was he thinking when he saw this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends how you rejected him. If you were nice, sweet, polite and not with
some bitchy scorn attitude, then….
He’ll probably be thinking you’re talking about him in a negative way too. Which
means, he will never ask you again and move on fast.
But hey, that’s what you wanted, isn’t it.
Because if it wasn’t, then you sure slammed that door shut for good.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it fair to enter a relationship with someone if you know you
battle with depression and it could put an extra strain on
things?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Life isn’t about fair. Fair and thinking on these lines robs you and robs everyone
else around you, and people you meet of one of the most powerful thing human
beings have.
It is what we ﬁght for.
It is what we die for.
It is what we rage through time and it is what has helped human beings still exist,
after all the craziness.
It is this…
CHOICE.
You can worry about thing like that and never take intiative but then that’s your
choice to isolate yourself. Or let someone else have that choice and enjoy meeting

lots of people.
So yes, be honest but don’t say about it on ﬁrst date, but give it some time.
I say not on ﬁrst date because you don’t know the person.
You don’t know them to share such personal information. In the beginning it isn’t
about comfort but attraction. It’s also about getting to know the person a little. I
personally don’t share personal information to someone who I don’t know we will
meet again for second, third and fourth date.
Date some more, see how it goes and then let them person know when they have
earned that trust.
686 Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if your girlfriend left you for her ex
boyfriend? Would you ﬁght for your love or just let her be?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get it. It’s like those romance movies, hollywood, bollywood movies and books
in which the fairy tale tells of the lover wins the day in getting her back.
I can see it now.
The girlfriend leaves to some new guy and dude gets ready.
Rambo music kicks in..
He puts his head banner on and does maybe 20 press up as his belly hits the ﬂoor
and huﬀs and puﬀs.
Then he get out of the house and…
1. He ﬁghts bears
2. He wrestles crocodiles
3. He meets Doctor Who. He’s in Tardis, ﬂying from one time and planet to
another as he saves the world with him. Yes, he can impress her as he
saves planet earth as everyone is watching it all on TV.
4. He hoodwinks Maﬁa gangsters as he gets closer to where she is
5. Destiny, fate and whatever brings them back together.
But wait…
The director (Shyamalan) puts a twist to the ending because he realised..
“Hang on a minute. This is Adam Taha. This won’t do! This ain’t him. Jeesh. Got to
change the script…
1. He focuses on his life
2. He approaches more women
3. He has a laugh, dates other women and has and amazing sex and
lifestyle
4. And she wakes up to ﬁnd it’s all a dream and is in her coﬃn, buried alive
by her NEW Psychotic boyfriend
Yes, damn right I’ll let her be.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I like has a boyfriend and she asked me if I like her.
What do I say?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl I know has a boyfriend and she asks me…..
Then this is how I replied to some girls..
“Why…do…you…ask?”
And if she says “oh just saying..”
Then I will reply, “then it’s not that important, is it?”
And yes, I know what she’s playing at.
:)
And if she talks about boyfriend, ex, then sorry mate, but you’re becoming a
Tampon for her. For real, don’t let girls vomit that shit on you.
It’s ok to be nice but to get someone doing crappy shit like talking about other
guys, ex is one helluva way to become her side kick girlfriend lol.
Stop that.
When she does that set the boundaries.
And if you want something oﬀ her, fair enough, The say…
“Listen, I’m not that guy who listens to girls stories about boyfriends and guys
etc, to get into their pants. Now, I’m sure you got conﬁdence to sort your shit out.
When you do, and if you do break up, then we can talk and be lovers but no more
talk about your boyfriend, exs, boys. You got friends for that. You got girls-friends
for that. You got family for that.”
Set the boundaries because you’re on the bordeline of being a chump.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

I told a guy that I'm not sure when we can go for coﬀee together.
Will he take that as a rejection?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, he will take it that way.
I would too because you didn’t give an alternative timing. If you couldn’t do that,
then even a text in evening or next day saying something to at least not let him
assume it is a rejection.
If a woman says to me..
“I am not sure when we can go for coﬀee together.”
“I’m so busy to date.”
“I’m not ready for a relationship yet.”
“I don’t know.”
“I need more time.”
“I’ll think about it.”
Then I’ll smile, say ok but I’d be approching someone else. I’ll see it that she is
just being polite, stalling, playing hard to get or she is just not interested.
Either way, I don’t concern myself in wondering what it is.
I won’t be waiting and women aren’t entitled for me to wait either. Nor does that
mean I am a player, just want her pussy, tits and ass. Nor does it mean I’m a bad
boy or just some guy who don’t care.

It means…. it’s ok for her to wait or whatever, as long as she wants but don’t
expect me to wait around.
So I will assume it is a rejection as she isn’t showing interest, she isn’t giving me
any suggestiongs or alternative.
Until she says or calls to say she is interested, she like to meet, date, have coﬀee,
whatever, but she just need to sort her life out….then I’ll take it she’s not
interested.
Even if you already said it, do one more step to say, and that way he now sees you
are interested.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it hard to love yourself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because we have been socially conditioned to wear many social masks. Society
has been socially conditioned to deﬁne themselves by the outer appearances:
1. The look
2. The body
3. The clothes
4. The job
5. Income
6. What credit card you have
7. House
8. Car
9. Friends and type of friends
10. Who you associate with
11. Who you date
12. Social status
13. How many followers you have
14. How many likes you got
15. How many votes you got
So society has been socially conditioned to attach who they are, what deﬁnes
them by these and so one does things to seek:
Validation
Approval
Acceptance
Until fantasy is pounded out of them, when they realise time is going by, when
they got hurt many a times, when they had enough, when their biological ticking,
when they know they can’t get stability value from the fantasy, when they wake
up which by the way is very hard to do for most people……then they want what’s
real.
Then the average guy or girl becomes handsome to that person.
Now one fantasizes about such person and desires this person.

By that time, they have lost time, youth, wrinkled lines on their faces and lost
many suitors they ignored, rejected and pushed away.
Wondering of the men/women who came once a upon time to want to love them
but they did not care for them because they wanted the look, the social status,
not beauty from within.
They cared what friends thought, what relatives thought and what society
thought. They thought about their fears, insecurities, rules, social norms, who is
right, who is wrong than enjoying one another in happiness and pleasure.
When the outer goes, when resources become limited, when hair shows grey,
when tits sag, when ass sags, when a man’s resources become limited or when ill
health knocks on the door, when time says hello….
THEN….one begins to let go of fantasy….
And starts again….
“That ends this strange eventful history,
Is second childishness and mere oblivion,
Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything.”
- Shakespear
(Deﬁnition of Sans = without
When beauty is going, when biological clock ticking, when dating assholes is just
not an option anymore, when one realises you cannot control and change, and ﬁx
people, when the lines start showing, when teeth get old, when one loses some of
them, when one loses much of what they had in the young days…then…if lucky, they
wake up.
When most people realise the fundamental truth, that you don’t get what you
want dawns on them.
Because you attract who you are.
Unfortunately some wake up when so much has past and so much have been
done.
So then, after some time span and whatever one experiences and goes through
teaches them that - they now want real love.
But how can one get that when they ﬁnd it hard now to be vulnerable themselves.
They so attached to these social masks and worried how others will see their
imperfections, their ﬂaws, their ugliness they hide, their vulnerablity.
How can you love yourself when you have been wearing these social masks for
years that you don’t know who you really are.
Because who you have become is nothing more than labels, social norm,
traditions, society rules, man made beliefs, woman made beliefs, fallacies, myths,
stories made by others - indoctrinated to attach oneself to objects and all these to
deﬁne one self.
Taking each of these masks oﬀ means one needs to show vulnerability and to
show it, one needs to show who they really are.
How can one do that easily when they have lived with many faces, with many
lies, with many performances that are nothung more but that…performances.
As Shakespeare once wrote…
All the world's a stage,
And all the men and women merely players;

They have their exits and their entrances,
And one man in his time plays many parts,
His acts being seven ages. At ﬁrst the infant,
Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms.
Then, the whining school-boy with his satchel
And shining morning face, creeping like snail
Unwillingly to school. And then the lover,
Sighing like furnace, with a woeful ballad
Made to his mistress' eyebrow. Then, a soldier,
Full of strange oaths, and bearded like the pard,
Jealous in honour, sudden, and quick in quarrel,
Seeking the bubble reputation
Even in the cannon's mouth. And then, the justice,
In fair round belly, with a good capon lined,
With eyes severe, and beard of formal cut,
Full of wise saws, and modern instances,
And so he plays his part.
The sixth age shifts
Into the lean and slippered pantaloon,
With spectacles on nose and pouch on side,
His youthful hose, well saved, a world too wide
For his shrunk shank, and his big manly voice,
Turning again toward childish treble, pipes
And whistles in his sound.
Last scene of all,
That ends this strange eventful history,
Is second childishness and mere oblivion,
Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do while waiting for a crush to respond to me asking
her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, you’re not stuck waiting..
She hasn’t cemented you to the ﬂoor, has she?
You’re stuck because you haven’t got standards.
You want to wait for some girl who blatantly said in your face….
“I need time to think about it.”
Where is your standards?
When a girl says….
1. I’m too busy to date
2. I’ll think about it
3. I’m not ready for a relationship
4. I’m not ready for a serious relationship
5. I need time to think about
The ﬁrst is not only has she said no but you’d think..
“Cool but it’s fucking not good enough for me.”

You say that to yourself, in your mind and move on. You want a girl that wants to
be with you, that ﬁghts to be with you, that jumps at the chance to be with you.
Not “I need more time.” Or “I’ll think about it.”
It’s not good enough for you, is what you say to yourself.
Learn to move on faster.
Even if she does call one day, to date, that’s not the point. The point is don’t wait,
approach other girls, have that mindset always because sometimes dates can
happen fast and gone. You never know what will happen.
So there’s no use being exclusive to anyone really in the beginning of interaction
and even in early days and weeks of dating.
So don’t wait and…
Have standards.
It is either a Fuck Yes or Fuck No. If it isn’t a Yes, she can wait all she wants. You’re
moving on and approaching someone else.
Now, get unstuck from this neediness and approach someone else.
Move on.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend told me that he used to have feelings for a woman
that he still hangs out with?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He sounds like he’s immature and insecure himself to mention it. I personally,
have never said stuﬀ like that to women I date. Except if we have dated for years,
and we’re taking about past but even then we don’t say how I feel about the past
relationships and…we don’t bring up again and again.
So personally, he’s immature, inexperienced, has some growing to do and has no
clue when it comes to dating. He probably has fuck all to say, bringing it up far
too often also, is something where you need to set boundaries and not be passiveaggressive.
You need to speak to him and tell him, how it makes you feel when he talks about
other girls. Let him know the boundaries. It’s not insecure to say to the men you
date to politely shut the fuck up about ex’s especially telling you how they so
loved them, how they so liked them yada…yada..yada.
Just be calm and politely say that he has been bringing such things up often and
you don’t like it and really don’t want to know about such things. That there’s
much more and better things to focus on i.e. on you and him for starters.
He’s with you now and needs to focus on meaningful conversation than that crap.
So it’s in your hands to say to him what the boundaries are and if keeps doing it,
then you move it up a level. Find someone who is not looking back in past and
brining up about some ex time and time again.
He isn’t going to know it’s hurting you or upsetting you if you don’t communicate
with him. If you already have then maybe, date someone who is a bit more
mature and focusing on you.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay if your girlfriend dances with other guys?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Who said you got a choice to decide, if she does dances with other guys?
She will decide for herself and don’t need any of us to say it’s ok. Afterall, she is
her own woman and she will have her own values. So she maybe type who don’t
like dancing with others and there are women who do like to dance with other
guys.
So really, no fucker here can say it’s right or it’s wrong.
Only one who can decide that is herself.
If it bothers you, then be with a woman who doesn’t like dancing with other guys
because you can’t change anyone. You can’t control anyone and so, what’s the
point of asking if it’s right or wrong?
What’s right for one woman is wrong to another woman. What looks wrong to one
woman….is right for another.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is important to you in a relationship? What do you expect
and desire?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Truth.
When lovers know 100% that they can be open to one another in regards to their
feelings, desire, passion without fear. Communication is there and all the stuﬀ
most want but don’t develop and work towards.
When you have that, all the fucking jealousy, possessiveness and the bullshit so
many go through is over. Bye, bye to social conditioning and hello to freedom.
The myths dissappear and you are your own counsel and leader.
That’s something I have with the women I am dating right now.
All of us are leaders and conﬁdent in ourselves and in each other. Neither
prisoners of each others love or fears what society thinks.
Imagine being in relationship with lovers for 16 years and no drama, no games,
no hints, no subtle messages, our shoulders light, hearts forgiving,
compassionate and we’ve let go of seeing one another as “mine.”
It’s an amazing feeling to have but to have that, takes courage because the
moment you want to really live such a life, you must face your own insecurities.
The ﬂood gate opens and all that you’re insecure about and fear…..come at you
hard and fast.
Some crumble when that happens.
Some fear loss when that happens. Some compromise and some slump right back
to the comfort zone.
Fortunately, myself and the lovers I am with we’re stronger and faced such things
head on and triumphed.
So truth because it brings transparency, kindness and amazing life, relationhips,
open communication, and sex life most can only fantasize and read about.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does a girl do if she ﬁnds a stranger (boy) staring at her
and ﬁnds him attractive?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you don’t want to be like the women who bitch and complain why guys don’t
approach, and act like you got a chip on your shoulder, where you don’t talk to
guys because you don’t know them, then you’ll be unapproachable.
You’ll do nothing.
But if you like the guy and you want him to walk towards you, then you’ll smile,
you’ll brush your hair aside….look back him and smile, and become
approachable.
And he will come over.
If he isn’t inside his head wondering about all sorts of crap like rejection.
Because we know, don’t we, some women think it all happens like Disney, or they
got to know a guy before they talk to him, because mummy said “don’t talk to
strangers or you be seen as too easy….a whore…slut..” Yes it is bullshit.
Most guys you might know or experienced…how they got dicks but no balls, and
orbit around social gathering, pretending, avoiding eye contact and probably
take 5 years to even ask you out.
Bore the shit out of you.
Hint…they are probably 5 or so of your so called best guy friends :)
If that’s what you want, don’t smile, pretend you don’t give a shit, act socially
awkward……and stay put, as your bioloigical clock ticks.
To wonder why it doesn’t happen like Disney, Hollywood movies and Romance
novels - and - look back at how you ain’t got much memories of living it up, taking
chances, having fun, letting go of the social norm bullshit and chip on one’s
shoulder.
Cause let’s face it..
It’s not as if guys or myself want to approach a woman who can’t even fucking
smile, who thinks, “I don’t care, they can look at me, and my beauty, but I won’t
do nothing because I don’t talk to guys who I don’t know…”
Like we give a fuck. There are women who will care and who are very diﬀerent to
most women. It’s ﬁne. It saves a guy a lot of hassle.
We just move on and she becomes history.
It’s cool. It tells us she ain’t someone special to be with.
Meaning, “she is no diﬀerent to many women who walk by. The only special one
is the one who takes interest in the guy, who does smile, who is approachable and
willing to invest in getting to know that stranger….that guy.
Anyone else doesn’t really matter or what they think on why guys stare.
Read the book, the Prince and the Fox.
So next time a guy looks at you, staring, whatever, smile, be approachable or not.
If not, then you’re not unique, you’re no diﬀerent to all women he sees and you
won’t matter. If that’s what you want, no problem.
Just do nothing and…. he’ll walk away soon enough or you will dissappear soon
enough. Just make sure if that happens, you don’t do what millions of women do
online…

Writing bloody essays on a missed connection website about how they saw a guy,
and wish they said hello, and smiled, and it’s a long shot but hope he reads her
words and gets back to her.
Or post a question on Quora about some guy who you saw but you didn’t do
anything :) Because by that time…it’s too late. He’s gone.
What ifs…..they are a bitch when you have them in your life.
Don’t make life a “what if”
Be approachable. Smile if you like what you see.
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

Sombody is hitting on me on Quora even after I've told them
I'm not interested. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Aug 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Move your cursor to top left of one of the messages the person sent.
2. You see Hide/Report Messages
3. Click on Report, explain and if you still have the messages, paste.
4. Go to the person proﬁle, report and block.
That doesn’t mean you won’t see their answers etc but you took action. The
person can’t send anymore messages.
Now chill, relax and get on with whatever.
511 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my boyfriend humiliate and annoy me all the time
about my dressing, eating & walking style, my accent, my home
town, etc.? He doesn’t listen when I ask him to stop.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s an abuser. He’s abusing you.
It’s unhealthy for the relationship and most of all for you.
If it was another girl with high self esteem, she’d tell him to fuck oﬀ and walk out
of the relationship; and yet you’re still with him,
No one can do such things if you don’t give them the permission to do so and you
do that by dumping their asses and move on.
So the problem is not him anymore because you have repeatedly told him.
He’s always been that way and his true face is coming through. The problem is
you choosing guys like this who treat you like shit and then still stay put.
And STILL when you get an answer, you go on about how he does this and that
and it emotionally does this and that to you.
You got an answer, now leave him or stay put.
It’s that simple.
Do you like being treating like shit?
No. Then walk away.
And please don’t give me crap, “Oh but I love him” and explaining what else he
does because it doesn’t solve and change anything.

It’s enough someone is treating you like crap, putting you down, bringing you
down, killing your self esteem, bringing your conﬁdence down. It’s abuse.
And you still ask why he does it?
You shouldn’t care anymore about why he does it. Instead, walk away. Dump his
ass and move on, instantly, right now,this minute.
This is your life your talking about.
Every minute you’re in that kind of enviroment, you’re screwing your head,
killing yourself slowly inside.
You don’t need to know why, how, and all that.
You only need to know you’re being treated like shit, seduced psychologically,
manipulated and fucking with your head. That he’s being abusive to you and it’s
destroying you.
You already told him and now…take action!
Let him go and open the ﬂood gates for guys who will treat you right.
Please don’t leave comments also on my answer telling me what he does. You
need to think about the answer and take action out in your world and not
explaining to me what he is, what he does, and all that, the way you have in other
answers.
The only thing you need to do is walk, move on, dump his ass and focus on time
on your own, to ﬁgure yourself out and build yourself up from the inside.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I attract any girl easily?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Short answer, you can’t and will never, ever be able to attract (any) girl.
The long answer…
You need to ﬁrst overcome your anxiety, the social conditioning because let’s face
it, if girls and guys, didn’t care much about what someone thinks of them, they’d
not even be here asking these questions.
They’d go out there and approach girls because they are not trying to get
validation, putting girls/guys on pedestals and worrying if they get rejected.
Society has been socially conditioned to follow social norms, attaching one’s own
identity on who accepts them. Worrying if they bother girls or guys when they
approach, worrying what someone thinks of them, fearful if they make a mistake,
worried what onlookers might think.
If you didn’t care about these things you’d just go and do it.
But deep down you do.
All of us have this but at diﬀerent levels.
You fear rejection.
So if you want to attract girls, then go approach and just focus on that, until you
get rid of the worry. Until you can be yourself. Until you don’t give a fuck.
Because whether one is a teenage girl or women, they like a guy who has
conﬁdence, has good appearances and with it is his personality.

But you can’t show all these if you’re worried about being rejected.
So approach girls, forget about how to, just go and do to ﬁrst get over that hurdle.
Just know, you can’t attract ANY girl.
No one can except if you’re famous, hot good looking, conﬁdent, got money,
status etc and even then, some girls will say no, because some will even say no
when they want to say yes, due to their own insecurities, low self esteem and lack
of conﬁdence to believe how a guy wants really wants them.
Some will say no because they look for something else because they have a
diﬀerent type of values, needs and desires.
So these things are out of our control.
Look. I am very good at attracting women. I can get some women pussy wet by
talking but even I cannot get ANY woman.
It’s just impossible.
So all I think about is….what do I want in a woman and go for such values. I don’t
go for EVERY woman. Not every woman can give me the feeling I desire even
some can be gorgeous looking but shit personality, crap at conversation and some
are useless when it comes to sex and some are drama queens. Some are angry at
something and some opinionated about some battle I’m not interested in.
So I don’t want ANY woman.
I attract women but women that like men like me. The independant, the sexpositive attitude, the ones who don’t care about following the social norms, who
also don’t care for the chasing games and just want to get on with it. They don’t
care nor look for labels in relationship.
They are fun, kind, intelligent and like pleasure of sex like I do, and conﬁdent,
free from all most are caged with to say to me, “I want you to fuck, I’m so damn
horny..” They love a man of purpose, creative, artistic, with many talents and
dominante in his pursuit in his dream and isn’t apologetic in being a man and
speaking up when he needs to.
I only have to talk, smile, touch, and their pussy drip and they jump on me.
You see? I know exact what I want in a woman. The speciﬁcs.
Are there women like this? Yes, plenty and I date them and that makes it easy for
me and them because no one is trying to change and ﬁx anybody. We’ve lived,
gone past all the usual stuﬀ.
So as you can see I don’t want to attract any woman.
There’s no point and I don’t like wasting time.
Any woman isn’t good enough for me. I want a speciﬁc woman and that’s what
you need to think in the lines of. Makes it a lot easier
It means you don’t look for validation but compatibility.
Makes you know what to ask, who to approach, what to look for and who to avoid.
You are looking for who will invest, who says yes clearly on the spot, who to walk
away from fast - because these tell you who gets to spend time with you
romantically and who doesn’t.
Them saying no, or reasons about busy etc, make it easier for you to move on. No
woman gets a second chance with me. I move on fast.
I’m not a Time Lord and nor are you, so forget any woman and seeking validation.
Time is short.

Be very speciﬁc and….
Focus on what is in your control.
1. Your health
2. Your social skills
3. Your increase in conﬁdence about yourself and self awareness
4. Your appearances i.e. grooming
5. You being consistent in approaching girls to ﬁrst learn and overcome
anxiety
6. You’re learning,
7. And what it is you want in a woman. Be very clear about this.
8. Be ready to know what you’re boundaries are and do not compromise for
any woman, no matter how gorgeous she is. Never be apologetic on what
it is you want.
Those who reject are really saying, “I haven’t got what you want.”
Awesome. Moving on fast. Next.
These you have control with and even an average guy can be better than average
if he just get oﬀ his ass, hit the gym for his own health, mingle with lots of people,
push himself out of the comfort zone and take interest in people.
But any girl?
No one can.
People are complicated creatures. They can want something but many things can
stop them i.e. fear, insecurities.
I have had women who wanted to say YES but said no.
Only months later they text me or I bump into them in city centre or party, and
they tell me they were just nervous, but wanted to say yes.
That’s ﬁne but it’s their loss because I move on fast.
There will always be women who will say no.
1. They are not attracted to such a guy
2. They want other things in a guy
3. They have a lot of baggage, friction, so even if they want to say yes, the
logistic, their life, where they are, gets them to avoid saying yes
4. They are insecure
You cannot control these.
So forget any girl. Just know what you want in a girl, go and socialise, mingle, get
good at approaching without putting girls on a pedestal, and avoid being that guy
who can’t get over ONE girl.
Learn to move on faster when girls don’t show eﬀort.
That’s something most guys do not learn to do.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ditch a guy who tells me he loves me but has a problem
with my face?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Aug 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It wasn’t a problem when he saw you, and wanted to date you.
It’s best to move on from a guy who says shit like this.
He’s immature and I guarantee he will make his bullshit as an issue. Let him go.
You deserve much better than this. You’re not the problem. He is.
“problem with the face” WTF.
This world gone nuts.
It gets crazier by the day.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My bestfriend and I made out. A few months ago he said we
could date. And now he's with someome else. What does this
mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s a few months ago. Attraction fades out very quick if you don’t build on it.
So if you or him didn’t follow up, then it’s not going to happen.
It open ways for someone else to step in.
That’s what it means.
He has moved on.
690 Views · View Upvoters

How do you decide whether to pursue someone relentlessly, or
to let it go, when you're crazy about them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Crazy about them?
Maybe if I was teenager but I’m not a teenager. I’m an experienced guy with a
wealth of experience, knowledge and maturity.
So even if I like a woman and I have done this a few times now, if she doesn’t
show interest when I approach the pursuing stops.
As an example, these are the steps I go through…
1. I invest less time, eﬀort by immediately approaching.
2. I’ll ﬂirt, be fun and converse.
3. Right there, I’ll paint a picture of what can happen, places, while
building rapport.
4. All good? Then We’ll exchange numbers. If she is not responsive, if she
doesn’t show interest then I’m not going to go any further. I have
standards. A woman needs to show she’s interested in me.
This can take 5 minutes or 10 mins.
If I don’t get a clear yes, then it is a no.
So I move on.
That’s saved me a lot of time, eﬀort and I don’t need to chase. I pursue and the
pursing stops right there because she has shown her intent, whether she’s
nervous, or whatever, not my problem.

Also in doing it this way, I don’t ﬁll my head about a woman who is unwilling to
invest time to go out to get to know me.
So the pursuing stops very fast which allows me to approach someone else. I
know the diﬀerence between infatuation and love. I know it’s infatuation in the
beginning so I am not going to delude myself investing too much time when the
woman is not going to meet me half way.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible for a man who claims to have moved on from an ex
to be "not ready for a relationship"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you should do is move on. It doesn’t matter if it’s an excuse or not. It’s like
women who say..
“I’m so busy working to date.”
“I’m not looking for anything serious.”
“I’m not looking for a serious relationship right now.”
“Blah blah blah…”
Which means it is a rejection.
The person has shown their intent, whether it is true or not. Most people don’t
say no because they are being polite, letting one down easily. They don’t like
conﬂict and so, they say the usual stuﬀ like the above.
The key is, you don’t bother wondering why, what if, etc. You take it at face value
and move on. If it’s not a clear yes, I won’t be assed being Sherlock Holnes,
wondering why, how come and so forth.
I move on.
511 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl asks you who are you what can you tell her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl asks me who I am, I am not going to suddenly answer. I’m going to ﬁrst
ﬁnd out from what frame she is asking.
So I will ask her..
“Why do you ask?”
If it was someone else who is trying to impress her then he’ll tell her his life story.
I want to know why she is asking ﬁrst.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Could this be a clue of a possible soulmate?



http://Pastebin.com

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means there is better rapport between you and the person. There is chemistry
and that is all. And since you didn’t act on it, you probably sent mixed signals to
the person and the person thinks you’re not that interested.
Soul mate is a myth, a legendary story, a fallacy, a Disney eﬀect, a social
conditioning that has been hammered into people’s mind for decades, through
stories and mainstream media.

I know many women so well, and I mean, really well for years, and we’re so
relaxed, we can talk about anything, but it doesn’t mean we be in a relationship.
Friends but I don’t want to date or be in relationship with them.
What you’re feeling is infatuation, and it is growing because you feed it with
meeting this person again and again, ﬁlling your mind with grandeur ideas and
fantasies of what it be like to be lovers.
So the feeling grows because you feed it.
It is accumulation of chemicals that kick oﬀ your thoughts, images, desire, and
repeatedly sttimulating you. That’s why I say to people who cannot understand
the diﬀerence between love and infatuation, that..
“You’re not in love with this person but the idea of this person, the feelings that is
associated with this person.”
The very ﬁrst time you saw him…..is infatuation.
It is chemicals kicking oﬀ.
That’s how attraction starts and you can feel this for lots of other people to. The
next is comfort.
So you are now at comfort stage and probably too comfortable to do anything
about it and can be very awkward to make a move to date.
478 Views

I like this girl and she likes me but she constantly compares me
to other people and it hurts. Why does she do this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to stop being passive and timid, sitting there, as she psychologically
puts you down again and again.
Set boundaries and stand up for yourself.
She does it because you let her do it.
So speak up and let her know the boundaries and if she persists then walk away,
distance yourself to show you mean business.
You don’t sit there and letting anyone bullshit you, comparing you, putting you
down.
No one does anything to you without your consent.
You are letting her do this.
The reason why she does that to you is because she thinks she can.
Now what gave her that idea?
You did.
She probably talked lots of bollocks about guys, her problems, about ex this and
ex that while you sit their like a TAMPON absorbing it all. You behaved passive
from day one and she tested your frame and you didn’t stand up for yourself.
She knows you got her pussy high above you.
Why would a girl date a guy who cannot stand up for himself? Letting her vomit
and psychologically seduce him to be passive and timid.
Stop being passive-aggressive and speak up.

What are you afraid of?
Losing her?
If you want respect then behave as a man who has self respect because if you
don’t, then this is what you get.
So if you don’t like what she’s doing and saying, speak up.
You be the one who has maturity and if she can’t stop doing it then don’t sit
around. Just get up and walk. You don’t have to give her reason why you’re
walking away and not listen to that crap.
She knows why because you already talked to her about it.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How soon after getting a woman's number can I ask her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you try to start with comfort stage you’ll ﬁnd you kill attraction dead. Women
want conﬁdent men not someone playing safe. They want the experience of
someone leading the way and done in a way that excites and arouses her.
Being passive and timid won’t do.
So don’t wait too long. 24 hours is ok. Also don’t start from comfort.
See here..
Attraction > Qualifying > Comfort > Seduction
See where comfort is?
This where most men and women getting it messed up. Playing safe because they
following some social norm rules that goes against human nature and it’s science.
They start with comfort.
So when you get the phone number appreciate that attraction doesn’t last long
if…you don’t build on it fast enough.
You need to move fast and there’s nothing wrong with texting her next day with
some fun, and lead to phone call. You can even call her the next day.
Don’t make excuses to yourself that she needs money or you need money, and
waiting for wages and all that.
You start immediately building on attraction. Even if you don’t meet until a week
or two. You continue conversation and build on the attraction.
This is why I say to guys “escalate” don’t wait.
Comfort starts when you meet face to face or on phone but you still have
attraction. Meaning, you don’t be serious but light hearted. Be fun, remove
awkwardiness, don’t get all romantic and uptight. Let her know by the way you do
things that she can be herself with you and you do that by you behaving as a
lover.
So when you get the number, text her the next day and begin the ﬂow of
conversation. Make texting fun, role play, work it to remove awkwardiness and
when the frequency kicks oﬀ that she is investing, lead it to phone call.
So it’s like a build up. Gradual process where communicatio has begun.
Then from phone call, lead to meeting face to face.

Don’t do resturants. Don’t do movies. They are awkward. Leave these things for
much later when you have dated a few time.
Meeting face to face is about conversation, physical conversation while you build
on comfort as you sprinkle attraction. Still keep light hearted, fun, exciting and a
rich experience where she feels great as you will too.
So don’t wait too long.
It does matter if you wait.
Attraction needs action for you to build on it. You can text the next day
something fun, using what she shared with you to begin the process.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it rude if a girl you're currently dating admits to you that
when you ﬁrst met, she didn't initially ﬁnd you attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nah. One of my girlfriend’s said that but it depends on context. We were having a
laugh teasing and bantering each other, for fun.
She said…
“I didn’t fall in love with you instantly. In fact, I wanted you to go away. I came to
England to just study, had enough of guys, getting hurt and all that. But you
ignored what I said like you didn’t give a damn and just danced, and danced and
10 minutes we’re all over each other. Next day we’re having sex and here we are,
16 years later, still…
Me - Having lots of sex hahaha
Her - Yes, haha.
Then she added..
Her - So, erm, did you like me instantly when you saw me?
Me - Oh yeah, deﬁnitely. The moment I saw you I said to myself..
“I am going to fuck her.”
Her - OMG! You….
Me - Oh I see. You wanted Disney stuﬀ, like “I saw you, fell for your personality,
and it was like it was meant to be. Yes?
Her - No, I prefer the ﬁrst one. I can’t stand guys like that.
Me - :)
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a good idea to do a social experiment which I tell "I love
you" to my friends at school?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One thing you never mess with.
Your social inner circle….you’re friends. You want to do an experiment, then do it
with the intention of proper work, research, a purpose and not some feeble
attempts like you see on Youtube to get validation, votes and all that.
Do things like that outside your social circle. Friends gave you trust and last thing
you want to mess around with is their emotions.

As well as your reputation.
Trust takes time to build but it only needs one step and it all crumbles down. If
you want to be taken seriously, don’t play with people’s emotions.
If there is no reason of passion, like you’re into science, psychology and you’re
just doing it to get attention, validation - then leave it well alone.
471 Views · View Upvoters

What are a few signs that an introverted girl likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got to have to be better than James Bond, better than Sherlock Holmes and a
steel of nerves that is pumped with patience.
There are two types I just run far away from and if any get oﬀended by that, relax.
Not everyone is going to like you :)
1. People who give hints. I am introvert but man, come on! When I am
interested in a woman I approach, I speak up, I let the person know so
blaming it on being introvert is bullshit. One can gain skills, increase
conﬁdence. Introvert is great because you can observe, listen more but
that doesn’t mean using sign language that people can’t see or hints.
So forget waiting for a girl to show anything. Many just won’t approach.
It’s rare that girls show their interest so openly for many reasons. Read
many of my questions and you’ll see some wealth of knowledge on this.
2. Shy girls. Look. It’s ok to be shy if you want to be but if you want
something, you got to speak up, you got to show interest, you got to show
to the guy you want him, into him and if you don’t…well…I can’t read
anyone’s mind. I could take that as you ain’t interested. It’s exhuasting,
tiring and it’s not much fun. You’re killing what dating is about…being
spontaneous, going for it, because you’re into someone.
If you know someone is shy…and you like her, forget even waiting for
hints of interest. Just go over and be ready for slooooooooooooow
progress :)
So introvert or not, if a girl doesn’t bloody well show me she’s interested in me,
and just does signals, hints then I will never know. The world is fast, so many
distractions, so many women, and you think I will even notice someone who does
subtle hints.
You got a better chance just approaching the person than wasting time being
Inspector Gadget or the Pink Panther :)
So I don’t wait. I see a woman I like, I approach, have fun, ﬂirt, converse and then
I ask her.
And same goes for women.
You like a guy then ask him or another woman with backbone will.
That’s how you show to someone you really do like them by overcoming your
fears.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do I say if my boyfriend asks why do I like him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Originally Answered: What do I tell my man when he asks me why I love him?

Man, some of the answers here, lol…
Here are some ideas but be more observant about him as you will know more
than me about his traites and qualities:
1. Mention his power strength traites.~
“When I’m with you, I feel anything is possible. I feel safe, secure,
conﬁdent because of your manliness, strength of a man.”
2. Mention his uniquiness…
“You’re the only man who makes my heart race. The only man who
makes me feel like a woman and a woman where my whole body just
tremours with excitement when I am with you. Even your voice just
sends me wild as I listen to you talk to me.”
3. Mention his purpose
“I love how you know what you want in life and you just go for it. It’s so
attractive and the more I learn about you, the more I can’t help but be
mesmerised by your eyes, the smile and your voice as you tell me what I
mean to you…”
4. Tell story to trigger memory.
Think how you ﬁrst met, how did it feel, what he aroused in you, the
qualities of strength, conﬁdence and knowledge you saw in him.
Mention touch, feeling, masculinity. Mention the place, get that memory
of his going. When memory starts, so does emotions and he re-lives
those moments again and that New Relationship Feeling kicks in again
and takes you both to a higher level.
So it depends on the man and to be more observant
Saying, “I love how you cuddle me is not about him.”
You need to focus on his traite as a man, his uniquiness, his strength, his qualities
and combine these to say how he makes you feel.
That shows you are talking more about his qualities, about him and the result in
does with your life.
One ﬁnal note…
When someone asks why you love them, it is a sign at times, that you didn’t
communicate your feelings enough to him.
I don’t mean “I love you, I love etc.”
Instead it is more of saying things that many do not notice about the person such
as their knowledge, their ambition, their skills, their intellect, their sexiness, their
beauty, their inner beauty, which can be done through each week.
It doesn’t have to be done everyday but when you do them sparingly, in each
week, like a surprise, like you walk up and caress their cheek, smile, say the words
genuinely, then the person won’t need to ask why you love them.
I never had a woman ask why I love her as I always in a sense said why and not
because of anything but to let a woman know, how I feel for her.
Also my actions showed how I love the women I am dating and in relationship
with.

You’re like a source of love, a place of motivation, an inspiration, an uplift, a
thrust of fresh air from coming from hard work days when you both meet each
other again.
Your words should fall like gems, valuable pearls, soothing, welcoming, inspiring,
uplifting, and encouraging to such it opens their minds and hearts to the best
qualities about themselves they have yet to even discover or have doubts on such
qualities.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

How should I react to a girl demanding high level of physical
ﬁtness to date me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine, if it was a man, and he says to the woman..
“You need to lose weight, hit the gym for us to go on a second date.”
You’ll have this said to the girl….
“Leave him! You’re beautiful as you are. He’s objectifying! The sexiest
bastard. You can do better. These men only think about the look and sex.
Fucking bastards. Men!”
:)
Has nothing to do with her values. She is psychlogically seducing you with her
pussy and seeing how she can get you to become passive.
Will he change the way he is for me?
Trying to FIX you.
One of the biggest mistake most people make. The Ego Parent trying to ﬁx,
change and control the child to ﬁt in her image of what the son/daughter needs to
be.
If a woman cannot take you for who you are right now, she doesn’t deserve a
second date. Focus on your business and if you want to hit the gym do so for
yourself not for any woman, not for her or anyone.
Thor like body takes years to build. It takes dedication, committment. It’s not
easy to do. So you never do such things for no one, but for yourself. Not for
women or anyone else.
Don’t believe all these magazines and blogs mate, with photos of superstars
training for Thor. They had help, steriods. They have tons of time, they get paid
for that shit. They got the time, money, to dedicate building a body like Thor.
It will take some years.
I go to gym mate and it’s not easy. I have to plan a lot, diet, the training, and be
very disciplined. It’s not easy man especially the pain in the ﬁrst two weeks.
Jeesh. Then you got to do it again and again, every week. You got to carry your
food, pack them, prepare them, like you’re in the army! Hahaha.
Bodybuilding or ﬁtness is not some part time thing. It’s like a job of it’s own! Yes,
it is worth it but you cannot do this for anyone else but for yourself. The sheer
motivation you got to pull in to do this every week isn’t easy but it will make you a
better man, wiser in your health, in attitude, in respect for your but don’t do it for
woman or anyone.
If you do it for a woman, that feeling goes away. It’s like infatuation. It’s wow in
the beginning but then this feeling dies away and so you need a GREATER

purpose, BIGGER THAN WOMEN to do this.
It will take discipline diet program, it will take probably coach if you lose
motivation easily, it will take comittment. It will take more than months of work
and consistency. If you do it for women that feeling will go away and then what is
going to replace it?
If you do it for a woman, then what happens when you go ill?
What happens when hard time comes?
She couldn’t even handle infatuation for another guy, never mind you getting ill
or hard times, or money gone out of the window.
She be running away by the time you know it. She won’t handle real, serious
relationship. Narcissist only give a damn about themselves and expect everyone
to follow their rules but they’ll break rules, hurt someone else and DEMAND you
to change without a thought of how they messed up.
She isn’t about who you are.
She’s about how she is seen by others.
You got to have a greater purpose in life and be a man who doesn’t not bend for
pussy. If a woman cannot take you for who you are now, she probably won’t later
on. It’s not rocket science mate.
Get in shape for your own health if you want to do it as it will help you with more
energy and you want to enjoy what you build in life - but do not do it with the
basis this is a condition, a term to date again.
I’ll laugh my fucking head oﬀ if a woman asked me to do that.
Plenty of woman on this planet and I don’t give a damn if 99% we are ok and how
she just needs this one ﬁx.
It’s not about that. You need to understand what is going on here.
She’s manipulative. She cannot promise you shit mate. She cannot promise to be
with you, love you as you are, and when hard time comes, be beside you.
Even many married couples can’t even keep that promise. Divources happening
here and then afer they swore “for better or worse, till sicking/health, death do we
part” or whatever it is they say. You know what I mean.
A woman who stands by you now, sees you for who you are now and doesn’t
waver because someone better came along.
That’s a woman mate to be proud of dating and being with.
The moment you do this, you are fucked.
Next it be dangling sex.
“When you earn $10,000 a month then we can have sex.”
Don’t think with your dick because she is thinking nothing else but how to
control you. How to change you. How to ﬁx you.
It will be a disaster because she will see someone else who is bigger in muscles
and all that, and go oﬀ again to someone else.
You need to learn from her past behaviour.
It is an indication of what can happen again to you. Nothing is enough for people
who want to change and control people.

She’s the one who left, for someone else.
That is enough for you as a red ﬂag.
Think man. Think with your head and not your dick.
You don’t react. People who react are people who are needy for validation. You
respond by saying, “No. Have a nice life.”
Personally, it doesn’t deserve a response.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do with the presents from my ex?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You could….
1. Do a video titled “what to do with gifts you got for your Ex-girlfriend”
and make it into some funny shit, that racks up the number of views.
Then make money from youtube when it hits the million mark. Just set
it that you make money from ads immediately :)
2. You can sell them on Ebay
3. You save them for xmas gifts. Saves you money to buy new gifts for
people you know. Just don’t let anyone know they were for the ex.
4. You could do whatever you want. Just don’t give it to your ex because
you’ve moved on.
738 Views · View Upvoters

How do I become less nervous asking a girl out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how you see in those videos or movies, where the guy smoothely walks
up to a girl, and SMOOTHLY talks with her and smoothly gets her number, to text
her to turn her so on, to smoothly lead her to meet and kiss her right there and
then….smoothly takes her hand and walks with her, conﬁdently?
Well, it doesn’t happen smoothly….at the best of times.
I have been approaching women for years, and now dating multiple women. I’m
saying to you right now, it never happens smoothly.
It happens with lots of fuck ups at the best of times.
Even those moments where it just clicked with men and a woman. There will be
somethings that I just cannot control.
But here’s the thing.
If the girl digs you. If the girl is interested in you. If the girl can sense you’re
conﬁdent fucker, cheeky, diﬀerent than the rest of the guys who play safe, and
just don’t give a fuck about being smooth….you’re going to have fun.
Let me share with you the most powerful secret of all.
If you were to forget all I said and just take this two things right now it be these..
1. The girls you approach are also terriﬁed, scared and insecure.
2. It is the TENSION, that surprise, that moment they do not expect, that
boldness, that DARE, which is “sweeping the girl oﬀ her feet!”
So can you imagine all the guys who hesitate?

Can you imagine what they lose when they play safe? When they do not make a
move until a month or not at all?
You’re scared?
So are the girls you approach.
Now we got it cooking. Now it becomes fun :)
Dating is suppose to be fun and a lot of people forgot about that part. Dating is
suppose to be exciting, exhilirating and romantic in a way that it is fun and not
ﬂowers, love letters and all that. Rather your bravery in approaching, the way
you’re conﬁdent and you lead which makes the girl feel she’s being swept oﬀ her
feet.
Not the kind you see in movies and read in romance novels. No, not the knight
saving her from her problems or some guy. Nah, that will only zone your ass deep
into the antartic.
Sometimes it gets really weird.
You ﬁnd you don’t need to do do much. speak less and she’s into you. That’s
because you met someone who gets what dating is all about. They are not
bothered about games, manipulation but to dive in right now.
So I’m going to share the ﬁrst lesson.
Right now, forget asking the girls out on a date.
You’re not ready for that.
You are at this moment in time ﬁlled with so much social conditioning, so much
chatter in your head that even if I say how to, you’ll fuck it up.
YES YOU WILL!
I know because I have done this with guys from all walks of life. You always fuck it
up in the end because you’re so full of fear.
I have lead guys from approaching, texting, follow up to meet face to face…and
they disregard all I have said when the girl appears, meets up, face to face
to….mess it all up.
They always say..
“Adam, I don’t know what happened. I just went right back to the same damn
thing and it just turned out into a mess!”
You see, I can lead a man right to meeting the girl. Yes, I can battle it out from my
home, with direct messages, whatsapp, guiding the guy, from one step to another
to atract the girl, to get the girl to text back, to call and to meet the guy….. BUT the
problem is…..I cannot be there when he and the girl meets.
Every damn time it is the same.
It doesn’t matter if a guy has lots of money, got a degree, is a doctor, lawyer,
engineer, I.T programmer, artist, designer…..they always revert back to that place
of fear and fuck it all up.
He hasn’t got my conﬁdence, my experience and my attitude. He hasn’t spent his
life doing the drills, going against social norms, solving problems with dating. I
have and that’s why I am comfortable with it.
So the guys always fuck up the ﬁrst time, second, third, fourth and until they just
trust the damn process.
But many don’t and lose it, and fuck it all up again!

Why?
They still seeking validation. They still playing safe because they want to
impress. They still got woman’s pussy on a pedestal. They still got a lot of work to
do with themselves.
You want to play it safe, afraid of rejections, fearful of oﬀending, scared of losing
the girl. Worried about the…outcome.
You shouldn’t be thinking about ANY outcome when you ask questions like..
“How do I become less nervous to ask a girl out?”
You need to focus on the basics to not get a date but to ﬁrst sort your head out.
You need to do small drills.
1. Approaching average looking girls for direction. Keep doing that.
2. When you are comfortable with that, do it with very attractive girls who
intimidate you.
3. When you get comfortable with that, add a more drills that intimidate
you by just saying, “hey, you look great. Have a great day.” Or “how was
your day?” to a complete stranger.
4. When you’re comfortable with that, add more. Go to bars and see a girl,
walk up to her and say “Hiiiiii!” Smile and walk away. Do that without
worrying about what else to say. Don’t give a fuck. They don’t care. No
one gives a shit. So don’t worry about it.
5. When you’re comfortable with that, approach a group of girls in a night
club and start a conversation. Say any damn shit and don’t worry if they
blow you out or they don’t talk.
6. When you are confortable with these….believe me, you ain’t going to feel
as nervous as you did before. But don’t stop now.
7. When comfortable with these, do more, keep doing, go against the social
norms, do not give a shit what people think. Just do. Approach in street,
cafes, supermarket and do NOT listen to anyone who say you are not
suppose to do that because you will bother women. Let me repeat…do
not give a shit about social norms. Just do. This is training for your mind.
8. Don’t take anything personal, like someone stared, or someone laughed,
someone didn’t reply or woman rejected. Remember…you’re not going
for the date. You’re training, learning, developing yourself to be
emotionally stronger and diluting ALL THE CRAP society has been
socially conditoned with.
What you’re doing is developing your social instinct.
You cannot develop these doing the same social norm bullshit. You need to really
rattle your unconscious. You got to do what is uncomnfortable for you
consistently. You got to shake it because it’s not going to believe you want this.
Only when you feel discomfort and keep going that you grow, that you rattle your
unconscious brain, and jump start the engine hard!
When you haven’t done anything regards dating and played it safe for so long,
you’re system is rusty, it’s slow, it only sees fear and it will continue to pull you
back to your old habits and comfort until you take control of the engine.
You do it by throwing yourself into discomfort situations consistently and the
discomfort will later become…comfortable.
When you do that..

1. You engage the brain
2. The brain begins to see a pattern
3. It helps to develop your social instinct
So…
Consistent Eﬀort + Energy + Engage the brain = social instinct!
Now you will be ready to approach girls and just blast away and you’ll see, you
won’t be smooth no matter how long you do it.
You’ll realise, it’s not what you say but how you say it.
The fear will always be there but this time, you’re self aware on why. You’re more
educated than most. You won’t try to control it but embrace it. It becomes your
friend, the adrenalin and now you’re the pilot of your fate.
Just take care of these..
1. Your sexual appeal. This is very important. Apperances do matter. Make
sure you hit the gym and dress good. Learn about trends, fashion, choose
your clothes wisely.
2. Make your average better. You can strive to look better in ﬁtness, in
health, in clothes etc. Do more than average.
So smooth happens in movies, in romance novels not in real life.
In real life there are lots of things that can go wrong and you need to just do, to
get good at how to manage these things quicker.
10.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my girlfriend is losing interest in me and
she seems not care about me anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not compatible. It’s time to stop being passive-aggressive. If she’s
unwilling to talk then you got to make the tough decisions as she won’t.
If you stay as you are, orbiting around her, being passive, waiting for her to make
her mind up to talk, then you’re showing you got no boundaries, no standards
and no self respect.
If she is unwilling to talk then there is no relationship.
And YES, I have been in this situation and I am advising you what I did.
I said it’s over, I’m not staying in a relationship where you are unwilling to talk.
I’m moving on.
That’s what I did and moment I did that, a week later she was texting and all that
but I fucking knew what was going on.
The guy she was into, dumped her ass and she came running back. I wasn’t going
to let her back into my life. Forget that.
I moved on. I’m not the type of guy who thinks love is enough and nor do I pine
over a girl. No use being in a relationship where there isn’t compatibility.
Compatibility is when lovers are willing to work together towards each other’s
happiness and she wasn’t willing. She thought I’d just sit there, day by day
beggging her and pleading for her to talk because I got her pussy up high.
Not a chance.

Therefore, if I was in your position, it be over.
The logistics i.e. if you are living together can be a problem but you need to sort it
out. You break up, one of you leave the place or whatever.
But the relationship now is done.
She is prolonging the envitable and she is unwilling to say it because she is
leading you on. You need to then stand up, and do what she hasn’t the backbone
to do because she’s avoiding conﬂict.
That’s someone who is hiding something.
That’s someone who is unwilling to tell you what’s going on.
You can’t control people but you can say to yourself, “fuck this! Enough is
enough!” And make the tough decision or stay there being walked all over.
Please don’;t tell me “But I love her blah blah.”
Love ain’t enough. I loved the girl but I wasn’t taking this crap from anyone. This
needs one of you to have the courage to say what needs to be said without asking
for permisson “can we talk?”
You say it, “enough is enough. I’m moving on.”
Pack your things and walk.
You don’t even need to give a reason. Did she give a reason to not talk? No. Ok
then. She gets the same medicine and understanding, her pussy isn’t higher than
a man’s self respect.
You cannot talk, you cannot communicate with someone who is unwilling to and
therefore, there is no use even calling this a relationship.
Make the tough decision she can’t make. Find your backbone, your courage, and
end it. Then walk the away and do not play back and forth.
This relationship is done. Over, ﬁnished.
Don’t call her. Don’t text her after you have done that. Don’t open any contact for
a while. You need to heal and give time for yourself.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

How should you ask out a girl without actually asking her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is it really happening?
This seems like a simple question but it seems there’s more to what’s going on.
1. Is she working in the same company as you are?
2. Is she a team leader or manager?
3. Is she some close friend and “I don’t want to ruin relationship” reason.
Every environment has it’s own social dynamics rules you need to take into
consideration.
If it is a job, then best you do not do this inside the job. Try the ﬁrst step is getting
the gang of workers together to a bar. Be known for the guy who leads and takes
charge.
Then use the enviroment there to get to know her and be direct in your intent.
Don’t be subtle to gauge interest. You’re role is not to win a woman over or

impress. You show your intent and it’s then her time to show she’s interested in
you.
Don’t do things though at your job oﬃce environment.
Also appreciate that that if you’re not emotionally strong, cannot take rejections,
or drama, then don’t try it and date someone who works in the same company as
you. It can cause problems.
Understand the social dyamics because it does depend in the enviroment you’re
in.
Example. If you was at a bar place where her friends are there and you just talk to
her, the social dynamics social norm rules kicks in. Know the rules for pete sake.
Don’t just talk to her.
Talk to others, her friends because it is her friends who will always fucking
interfere due to protecting their gang, their friend or jealousy. Yes, women do
listen to their friends and sometimes, they won’t take action due to their friends
there.
Maybe because she has a boyfriend already. Maybe she’s reluctant due to her
friends being around her and she likes things to happen privately.
When you do that then you don’t spend too much time with her but isolate her
outside for a few minutes or at a bar where her friends can see her to get her
number, or do it outside.
If it’s the social dynamics of you working in a company then the rules are not
diﬀerent. She has other fears, other obstacles and so do you. Her job is on the line
if she is higher rank that you and so is yours.
Be careful if it’s at work.
I personally stay away from inner social circle and job environment as I don’t
need to do anything there because I approach plenty of women outside my social
circle.
The main thing is do not be subtle. Use the dynamics of the enviroment and be
direct with your intent. I understand you got fears of rejection but there’s more to
it than you are telling.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Did you ever break a girl’s heart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes and it wasn’t even intentional. It was one of those things where I learnt a
thing or two on how human beings can be nasty piece of shits due to jealousy.
I was at school and I decided to approach one girl and she said yes. There weren’t
much chemistry between us and I was young at that time, to not know much of
things I know today.
The next day I went to a fair which was empty as it was near closing time, but as I
walked a girl approached me and told me her friend likes me.
I saw the girl and I liked her.
I said, “Look I can’t do anything now because I am dating someone else but I don’t
have much chemistry with her anyway, so I need to break up with her and then we’ll
meet.”

I wanted to do this right as I felt chemistry with this girl and she was attractive,
cute and I felt I can get along with her too. I also have a thing for blondes and red
heads; and she was blonde.
She was ﬁne by that and saw I was diﬀerent than most guys.
So I found the girl, broke up with her but she then said to not say anything to
anyone because she told all her friends, her brother, the lot she was dating me,
and if she can have one week to tell them.
I said, “fair enough,”
One week later I was at the fair again but this time it move to Hillsborough. I saw
the friend of the girl who asked..
“Did you, break up with the other girl.”
“Yes.”
“It’s just I don’t want my friend hurt again. She’s gone through a lot.”
I was honest from day one and the girl appeared and immediately we went to the
Waltz ride but just stood there and kissed each other. We then decided to leave as
it was pretty cold standing there.
But as I did some guys, shouted..
“Hey Adam! You’re not suppose to go out with her, you go out with so, so.”
Honestly, guys who do that are biggest dickheads of all time.
These were suppose to be friends and one of them was the brother of the girl I
broke up with. He didn’t know I broke up with her yet and nor did they but still,
fucking idoits.
Anyway, her friend said, “You SAID YOU BROKE UP WITH THE GIRL!”
I was naive. I believed in keeping promises back then no matter what and thought
of the other girl who I broke up with. Her reputation and so I just stood there and
thought I can ﬁx this later but I need to go back to other girl I broke up with and
ﬁnd out what the hell is going on.
A week has already past so she has time to tell everyone she wanted to tell.
I thought of talking to girl I am with right now ﬁrst but she already ran oﬀ crying
her heart out and I couldn’t ﬁnd her.
I later found out, the girl I broke up with had no intention in saying anything to
her friends and brother, but to stir things up, telling everyone she’s still dating me
and I am taking her on a holiday soon.
Jealousy and spitefulness. She was pissed I broke with her.
I couldn’t ﬁnd the other girl. We didn’t have mobile phones back then and I didn’t
have her landline number.
Like I said I was still fresh with dating and was a little clumsy with stuﬀ like that.
Later on though, about a couple of weeks later, she walked into a Youth club
where I was and I thought, “YES! I can now explain to her.”
But she was with many of her friends and they probably knew about what
happened at the fair, so she went for it. Shouting, swearing, shouting some more.
She was hurt, I really hurt her and she thought I cheated on her.
I was turned oﬀ by her shouting and it hurt me too.

I just walked away and never saw her again. It took me a while to try to forget her
as I really liked her.
I could have done lots of things diﬀerent.
You know, not cared about waiting for girl to tell her friends. To speaking out
right there and then. To not giving up when I she was shouting, swearing, at the
Youth club but I was young, naive, immature at that time and emotional guy back
then. I was clumsy too. I mean, I didn’t even know her home number or address
so I can explain when she cooled down.
I wasn’t fast with my thinking back then as I am today.
Very diﬀerent to the guy I am today.
So yes, I hurt a girl real bad and felt shit too. She probably thought I was an
asshole who cheated on her.
I still remember what he friend said..
“I thought you was diﬀerent to all the other guys.”
Nothing I can do about that.
It’s the past though and I never saw her again but it’s a pity. The chemistry was
fantastic from the start but there we go. Sometimes, no matter how good your
intentions are, it can fuck up.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

A younger guy texted me even though he knows I have a
boyfriend. His words showed he likes me but he does not say it
out. What is his true intention?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget what his true intention.
What’s yours?
Have you made that clear to this guy?
If not, then do so.
Because no one here can read his mind and nor can you. You can make it clear to
him and if you haven’t, why haven’t you?
You show you care about your boyfriend and it ain’t going to happen if you don’t
send a strong message that you’re not looking.
How?
1. You don’t spend time texting back and forth.
2. You limit texting or ignore completely.
3. Making it clear to the guy you are not looking.
So it’s not about what his intention is. He can have any intention he wants. It’s
about you setting the boundaries, and making these boundaries clear.
975 Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to feel hurt for ﬁnding out my girlfriend was
cuddling with her gay best friend whom she has a crush on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A crush is natural. It’s infatuation. So it’s a natural thing. Even in a relationship,
yourself will also one day be attracted to others too.
But there is a crush and there is doing things out of the boundaries. It doesn’t
matter if he is gay or not. What matters is what you feel and she considers these
feelings and if she doesn’t, then you have a choice.
Stay put with a girl who does such things with whoever, gay or not gay, or break
up and ﬁnd someone who has similar values as you, who doesn’t make excuses
that he’s a friend, gay, and that’s why they cuddle, when really, she hopes
someting can happen.
Now, here’s what you need to know…
You can’t control people. You can only know what you want in a relationship and
if the person is unwilling to take your feelings into account then you’re not
compatible. So “he’s a friend” is nothing more than someone saying “I don’t give
a shit.”
Forget her for a moment…
1. What is your boundaries? It reveals the type of relationship
committment you desire.
2. Now have you talked with her on how it makes you feel?
3. Is she willing to stop cuddling other guys or not.
4. If no and you can’t have that because it goes beyond boundaries you
believe a committed relationships needs - then let her go because you
cannot control people.
You can only set boundaries and date girls who are compatible with you.
Compatibility isn’t interest, job, income, religion or culture. It is an
attitude, a process where lovers willing to work towards each other’s
happiness. So they don’t do things to hurt each other’s feelings.
5. If you’re ok with it, no problem. But if not, you need to decide what’s best
for you because she…is deciding what’s best for her.
Don’t disregard your own emotions and happiness.
Time is very short.
Time, cannot be bought back with money.
When it’s gone it is gone.
Let’s face it, if you was sleeping with a friend who is a lesbian in same bed and
nothing is happening OR cuddling together - you think your girlfriend will think,
“Oh, ok, it’s cool?”
I doubt that very much.
You know what I am talking about :)
If you started hugging attractive women who she knows you have a crush on and
they are “friends” doing it in front of her, she won’t be saying “oh cool.”
There are hugs and cuddling. There’s platonic and there is intimacy. There are
things you do with friends and things you do with boyfriends.
If this is something of a behaviour that bothers you and you don’t like in a woman
then have a talk and listen. If she says he’s just a friend, and you’re not satisﬁed
with the answer, it’s time to move on.

Yes, I know, you might think you will never ﬁnd someone else but believe, plenty
of women who don’t do thats shit mate.
I’m dating multiple women and none of them do that except with other women.
With guys they shake hands or hug very quickly and done.
You’re talking about something else that’s going a bit too far.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I friendzone a guy I have feelings for?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You friendzoned yourself. You didn’t friendzone him.
He didn’t reject you. You rejected yourself.
You fear rejection.
That’s why you do not take the extra step because we guys know most girls
haven’t got backbone, when it comes to asking a guy out. You send hints, subtle
messages and even….when you desire a guy, you fuck it up as well by thinking all
sorts of things that can go wrong.
You’re afraid to get hurt.
You rationalise to not go further with…
“But what if I lose a friend?”
“But what if he says no?”
“But what if it gets awkward?”
“But…what will he think of me?”
“But what if he thinks I’m too easy?”
“But what if he rejects and it hurts?”
“But…what will my friends think?”
“But what if he just wants me for sex?”
“But if I approach him, I might be seen as a slut, isn’t it?”
Social conditioning.
Lots of fear.
Self sabotage is the name.
You do not take the action needed to ﬁnd out YES or NO because like most guys
and girls, you fear rejection.
So you stay in that corner, in the comfort zone, in the least resistence and watch
the world pass you by.
That’s why.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy starts exercising, working and making money, taking
better care of himself, etc, will a certain girl like him even if he
doesn't look great?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“certain girl.” Now that’s where the problem is because if you said would most
girls, then I’d say yes. After all, who isn’t attracted to someone who sees life in a
positive way, is bettering themselves in career, health and future.
Plenty of girls would and some won’t for whatever reasons.

The certain girl is diﬃcult to say because she will be wired to perceieve what is
attractive to her. The map in her mind, her perception, her thoughts, her reality
in her mind will see things diﬀerently than most women.
Every woman is an individual and so is every man. Though the same process
works in attraction, the way the chemicals behave are similar, it still means,
everyone is drawn to what is attractive to them.
What you need to concern yourself with, is to never do anything for a certain girl
in regards to your life because no certain girl is worth that. You do what you do,
for your own future, for your own purpose because no matter if a certain girl does
fall for you, does date you…..much of the time, people break up, move on and so
forth.
So all that for the “certain girl” is a waste of time.
The last thing anyone wants to hear is the childish victim speech…
“Oh I left the job, this and that for YOU! I saciﬁced this and that for you.”
There are men who have less than you have in income, career, and yet they are
dating attractive women and they do so because they have tons of experience.
They understand these two values.
But you also need to understand one thing before I go into these two values.
A woman can like you but it doesn’t mean she will date you. It doesn’t mean she
will see you romantically. So forget about trying to impress her to like you.
Because it ends like this…
“I really like you but I don’t see you in a romantic way. Let’s just be friends.”
You don’t want a woman to like you but to be attracted to you and that’s a
diﬀerent thing altogether and I haven’t time to go into much detail. Just note,
liking you doesn’t mean shit.
These two do mean something big…
Perceived value and Absolute value.
1. Perceieved Value is the sexual appeal.
It is visual. It is a language of it’s own and this attracts women. Sexual
appeal isn’t just about how you dress, the appearances but also how you
project yourself in behaviour. It is also your conﬁdence with regarding to
social freedom in which you don’t give a fuck about social norms and
social pressure. It is knowing how to capture her emotions and lead her
imagination to fantasize, and believe you are that guy.
Your status in the modern world won’t be money, income, job. It is in
poor countries but in the modern world, your real status is your
behaviour. The man who has courage because let’s face it mate, put you
with all your facts, ﬁgures…money etc and put another guy who hasn’t
these but status….he will run circles around you when it comes to
women.
He doesn’t even have to be that good looks.
Your questions focuses on facts, ﬁgures, details when these do not
attract women at a deep emotional level. It is FEELINGS that captivates a
woman to desire you. It is chemicals kicking oﬀ.
A man of sexual appeal and this knowledge regarding this matter can
dress up and without even revealing or hint his income or lack of, and be

able to attract and seduce.He will be able to send her wild, her body
pulsating, her nipples erect and her pussy wet by nothing more than his
behaviour.
He doesn’t even have to say much either. His behaviour will be attractive
and appealing to her. That’s his status.
That’s how a woman will diﬀerentiate who is the real deal. Yes, she will
try it on, psychological seduce him to be passive but she be playing with
ﬁre when doing so to this guy. He will walk and has the balls to while
other men won’t. That’s very attractive to a woman surrounded by guys
kissing her ass and trying to impress her with money, care, job, income
talk and details.
Perceived value attracts and gets you laid.
Yes, being crude here but I don’t have time prettying it up like Disney
does. Nor am I apologetic about it. It is what it is.
2. Absolute Value is very diﬀerent.
Perceive value attracts….and yes, you can also sleep with women but
absolute value is where women stays with the man. It is about your
personality, your social status, your career, income, career, ambitions,
purpose in life, goals, long-term compatibility etc.
So absolute value is where relationship phase kicks in. It helps, makes
things easier but notice…when sexual appeal goes, so does this. So you
don’t stop looking after yourself and nor do you make a woman a centre
of attention. You still need to keep on building on the attraction, the
comfort and seduction. That’s where most men and women make their
ﬁrst mistake. They get lazy. When infatuation is gone they slow down
and even forget to do what attracted the woman/man in the ﬁrst place.
You’re questions reveals immaturity, lack of experience in regards to dating, and
you’re own insecurities to seek validation and approval of a certain girl.
You best approach other girls too and not focus on “a certain girl” to get some
experience on your belt because let’s face it…
Not every girl is going to say yes.
You’ll face rejections and if you focus on one girl for months and she says no, then
you start all….over…..again and that is diﬃcult when you have an ineﬃcient
approach to dating and life in general.
If you’re already asking this question, you’re on borderline of neediness and
walking straight into a place called Onetis and these two are one of the biggest
fuck ups to a guy’s mind and in dating.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

This girl I like keeps texting me for some time but after a while,
she starts ignoring me. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You was too slow with escalating it to the next level. That’s the mistake most do.
You played safe, texting back and forth. You really needed to move it forward in
ﬁrst week not texting back and forth for a long period of time.
So she probably got bored and go someone else now texting her.
Hoping the next guy will make a move.

Or she just wanted attention and really wasn’t interested, and so when she got
bored, she moved on,
Nothing much you can do. You might have already lost the window for being too
slow. Maybe try to sort out time to meet up face to face.
Thing is I don’t know the full story, how you got her number. How did you frame
it when you got her number.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I talk with myself like I have some sort of audience?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You talked to yourself when you was a child but it’s only because of social
conditioning that you don’t do it openly anymore. As a child people around you
thought it was cute but as you grow older, people become less encouraging and
so, due to social conditioning, social pressure, avoiding conﬂict and
awkwardnesd….you talk to yourself when alone.
So as a child, you already learnt to talk to yourself. It’s a skill that is pounded by
the world we live in to leave behind but you still do it. Thats positive.
But why do you do it now?
1. Reasoning
Talking to yourself is a process in which you can reason with yourself on
the decisions you desire to make, whether they are dreams, goals and
achievements. It helps you to crystalize things. So like some who do it on
paper, you are more creative in doing it by speaking to yourself, outloud,
as though you’re speaking to an audience.
2. Organising
When you do that, you also help yourself to organise whatever you desire
to achieve. You do that because it makes you feel better to know what it
is for real you which to achieve but in an organised fashion. It also helps
you to feel these goals or whatever you want to achieve seems do-able.
Making it easier for you to embrace them.
3. Clarity
By speaking out-loud to yourself, it crystalizes your goals, your plans and
the strategy. It releases all the information out in the open which relieves
you from stress.
4. Focus
It makes focus a lot easier. It’s like you are your own cheerleader, who is
trying to brush stroke the painting of your future so you know exactly
what it is you’re aiming at.
5. Memory
You’re stimulating your memory. The more you do it, the easier it is to
visualise your goals and to remember them too.
6. Just one more I forgot to add….
Have you noticed that whatever chaos, pain, hurt, lossness people go
through - human civilisation seem to keep doing their studies, job,
living, dancing, dating, relationships, hoping, asking questions etc cetre?
Because that’s what’s special about the human race.
The human race tries to ﬁnd meaning within choas. Trying to make
sense of it all and that’s why you talk to yourself. Like the times when

you was a child playing withn toys or talking in a language of your own.
You would talk to make sense of the world around you.
And that’s why you talk to yourself.
So keep talking to yourself.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I realised in every relationship, the more I distance myself and
show less care, the closer she's drawn to me, and the more I
show love and care, she starts to show less love. Am I doing
something wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. You’re not that good at choosing women who don’t have so much need for
validation. It be one helluva unhealthy relationship.
Are you somewhat consciously dating women with this idea in your head that
you can’t do better, so you just don’t raise your standards?
Get it sorted because you can do better.
You don’t need to do all that when a woman is really into yoou and she is
conﬁdent, secure in herself and independant.
Step back and think about why you really chose the women you date and you’ll
ﬁnd much of it is due to fear of being alone, low self esteem on your part too.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

My crush is mad because she saw me talking to other girls.
What should I do next?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You didn’t do anything wrong. You did’t make any mistakes. That’s her
insecurities and probably her immaturity.
She’s going to cause problems if you date her. Jealousy and Possessiveness can
seriously make relationship ﬁlled with drama you don’t want.
She can get mad all she wants. You’re dating her for starters and most of all, even
if you were, that’s a red ﬂag right there for you.
Probably start telling you, “I don’t want you talking to any girls.”
Then later on it be, “I don’t want you hanging around with these friends you
have.”
You’ll be with someone who is abusive, manipulative and emotionally draining.
Take it as a sign to go and date someone else.
Once you set your thoughts to move on and put action as well, and start dating
other girls, the crush part will dissappear. You don’t miss her. You miss the
feelings about her. The IDEA about her. The way the thoughts about her makes
you feel.
So don’t worry about you not meeting many other girls. You will if you move
forward. Always move forward.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is approaching an eﬀective way of meeting and connecting
with woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You approach because majority of women won’t.
It’s rare when women do. Very rare.
There is nothing about desperate, when approaching women wherever. That’s
social conditioning and preferences of individuality.
Give you some examples but please appreciate I have years under my belt in
experience, social skills and I invested a lot of time in learrning, testing what
works rather than listen to anyone else because everyone else will say whatever
due to their own reality…perception.
1. I approached a woman in a supermarket. She said….
“Glad to see some guys got balls. My friend met her boyfriend that way
but never believed it happen to me.”
Did I get rejection from some women? Sure. Part of life. Do I care? No. I
don’t give a fuck. It is harrassment when a woman says no and you keep
going.
So learn this…
Don’t come from the back but move ahead of her or get to side. These
two work as I have done so for years.
Does she want to move forward?
If you see it’s a no. You move on.
That is all you need to know. Moving forward.
We ldated a few days later and went great for 7 months.
2. Was walking to get some Coﬀee. Had a long days work in recording
studio. My head was banging. Had a late night the other day, so I stepped
into cafe and saw a woman standing. I liked her style of clothes. I’m am
artist so when I see someone taking care of themselves and has style, it
gets me going and she’s attractive.
So I asked her, “have you tried the Mocha one?”
Her - Yes, but I like latte.
Me - Hmm. I haven’t tried any. Usually straight coﬀee.
And from there, conversation kicked in and we had a laugh, talked and
we sat down together, for 20 mins.
And yes, lead to a date.
3. This was diﬃcult. She was already walking and so I did too and got to
her side, and our eyes locked…..and started with my usual cheeky talk.
I was heading to tube station and she told she was too and we just walked
and talked.

Ended with a number and later dated. Amazing woman. Smart and killer
graphic designer and amazing sex.
So as you can see, these are just a few examples. I do not follow the social norm,
rules, and all that fear most women and men promote out there.
As long as you ﬁgure out how to approach conﬁdently and know to move on if she
isn’t willing to move forward.
You will get lots of rejection. Daytime approaching is not easy. I have done it for
years and don’t fall for the Youtube bloody videos.
It’s not easy. It takes a lot of practice and if you haven’t done it,. you shouldn’t be
approaching women to get numbers or dates.
You need to ﬁrst overcome social conditioning.
So approach to just say hi, or ask for directions from women who don’t
initimidate you ﬁrst for a while. When you get comfortable, start adding other
things and be a bit bolder. Go into bars and mingle, approach, say hi, start a
conversation.
Get over yourself ﬁrst, all those brain washing social conditioning thoughts that
cause anxiety and fear regarding approaching anywhere.
Don’t take yourself seriously and don’t take anything else like rejection seriously.
It will hurt no matter what but keep going.
After a year of doing it and adding other things you will become less inhibited,
less reserved and less in giving a fuck what society thinks. You’ll discover much
of what society says is not true because you’ll get women who will say yes.
Takes times but it’s not that it’s real hard.
It’s because you need to catch up with what you didn’t do often enough and the
amount of social conditioning in your mind to dilute. That’s what takes time. The
chatter box and insecurities, fears and what someone else might think.
When you get comfortable, understand a lot more, then approach women for
dating.
You got to ﬁrst do the fundamentals which isn’t about the women but yourself.
The stuﬀ many guys will not do.
Thing is, if you are unwilling to go through the pain, you will be where you are,
over and over again, until you do.
You can do it now or wait and wait to ﬁnd nothing changes, and your fear and
anxiety gets worse.
275 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl refuses to give you her number but will give you her
facebook, does this mean she doesn't like you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not every girl does this.
I’ve had girls give me their number and I never knew them. I approached them at
night clubs, parties, events, cafes, etc.
And when I called, connection happened.
So not all girls does that.

It’s probably she’s not interested or she’s a little nervous, scared, and you didn’t
build enough on the attraction when you was talking to her.
It happens. No one’s fault mate. It happens.
Sometimes chemistry is there, compatibility and timing, and kaboom. You
connect so fast but sometimes, many a times it doesn’t happen that way.
Also, when a girl gives you a phone number, it doesn’t mean it’s a date. So don’t
see that as a yes either.
Sometimes, girls just being polite and they give their number and they later don’t
bother, or give bullshit about how busy they are and so on.
Which is ﬁne. It happens because most people don’t like saying no because they
want to avoid conﬂict, awkwardiness.
The key is to not waste time with girls who won’t move forward. Think always like
that…
1. Moving forward. Is she willing to invest time to know me and move
forward.
2. If no, ok. Bye. Moving on.
Now, when she gave you her facebook there was a reason…
1. She’s not sure about you.
2. She’s scared. Maybe your approach made he feel uncomfortabe
3. Maybe she is insecure herself
4. Maybe she’s unavailable.
5. She wants to ﬁrst talk through chat.
6. She wants to see who you are on your facebook
No problem. Give her that one chance and no more.
One chance.
If she doesn’t reply, she has had her chance to get to know you. Move on.
When you do contact, make sure to stay fun, not serious. Light hearted always.
If she does reply but you ﬁnd that she is unwilling after some a couple of chats to
move forward then move on. She’s not interested. If she unwilling to give her
number after a couple of chats, it’s time to move on.
You need to anyway, approach plenty of other girls instead of focusing on one. If
you focus on one, it will frustrate you and you’ll act due to scarecity i.e. needy,
wondering about her and ﬁlling your head with imaginary stories like most
chumps do.
It’s called Oneitis. Google “oneitis dating” and read up on it.
Don’t be like those guys spending tons of time chatting because some girls just
want attention. You’re not there to give her emotional support. She can get that
from her relatives/friends and all the guys who orbit around her for that.
You want to diﬀerentiate yourself from the rest.
Send a message or add her, and see what happens but make sure you approach
other girls, be honest that you are still dating, you haven’t found someone you
really like to be with as exclusive and that’s why you’re dating other girls.
If girls don’t like that, they can walk.

Mature ones know that this is how it really goes.
That helps you to move on faster, you’re being honest and you’re not waiting
around for one girl who is not interested or unsure. You have no obligation to any
of the girls until exlusivity is there but that takes time.
So keep approaching other girls.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend has been away for three months and she is
coming back in a month, but she says she doesn't feel sexual
anymore. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love is not enough. Don’t be like most guys where they say..
“OOooh I love her like she’s my world, and I want her for always, forever..”
If she is not sexually attracted to you then do not even bother being with her
because you’re not compatible. Sex is important and I don’t give a shit what most
women and most guys say. Sex is important to you and it’s one of your needs.
Love is never enough.
You know you desire sexually intimacy, so don’t bother being with her. The
relationship dymanics have changed and therefore, you do too. If she can change
for whatever reason, so can you and don’t have to put up with anything.
Nothing bad about that mate and don’t let anyone tell you it is.
Love is not enough. You need compatability, chemistry and so if you like sex and
she ain’t into it, forget it. Forget being with her and expect romance and sexual
intimacy because it will only frustrate you and her if you continue being in a
relationship.
So if she is not sexually attracted to you then don’t see her as a girlfriend
anymore, and move on. Don’t be in a relationship having sex dangled like a
carrot, hoping she will change her mind.
Start going out, approaching other women because believe… she would have
done so herself with guys. Go and approach other women, and move on and let
her know you’re moving on.
You don’t have to give her any reason.
Be a man, don’t say it’s not you, it’s me. Say you’re moving on, we’re not
compatible for each other and show you got balls to move on.
You’re frame has been tested and if you say “Oooh it’s ok,” then you are fucked. Be
a man and walk away. Give her space but don’t wait for her.
Break up and be done with, and move on.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I attract this girl in my class if I dont know her well
enough to ask her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok you don’t know her well.
No problem.
Get to know her and follow these steps..

1. Approach and say hi
2. Lead it to a question if you like, on something that ain’t about school,
job, like and all that but something like…
“Listen, I wanted to ask you a question. There’s this guy I know, and he
screwed up bad. (now come up with a story for her to give an opinion.
Make it funny and make her smile, laugh. Something diﬀerent than
small talk)
3. Then when she does, then you can lead with, “Hmmm, smart thinking. I
didn’t think of that. I like to ﬁnd out more about you cause I like how you
THINK. There’s a party (or whatever)”…..then ask her out
So ﬁrst you approached, ﬂirted, conversed, had fun and then the awkwardiness is
out of the way to now ask her out.
Of you can say you’ll speak to her soon because she’s in your class anyway.
When you see her again at cafe or yard, approach and talk again. Now you can ask
her out.
So either way works to ﬁnd out..
1. Do you and her have chemistry
2. Are you compatible i.e. she’s willing to invest to know you and you and
now willing to invest in asking her out
3. If no, and you ﬁnd out she has terrible personality, don’t ask her out, just
say bye and walk away. If on other hand, you like the vibe, ask her out.
She isnt the only ine making decisions of yes or no. You are too.
245 Views · View Upvoters

Girl ive known for awhile is being ﬂirty with me and other
guys?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem here is she likes attention and you like her but you’re too serious
man. You see her ﬂirting with other guys, which means, she likes attention, she
likes playfulness, she likes fun not arguments, drama.
It doesn’t matter who started it.
You don’t argue with girls because when you show you’re weak, you can
intimidated by their bullshit, and get sucked into their drama, you show weak
frame.
Understand this - that most girls will always try be negative at best of times. Their
mood is up and fucking down, up and down.
You need to be a man, consistent, so when they behave in that manner, you move
the conversation to be playful, and away from negativity.
Stay light hearted and fun BECAUSE that’s who she is and I haven’t even met
either.
She saw you too serious, drama with arguments, you cannot handle her and so
she now telling you….she doesn’t want a serious relationship.
Meaning, she changed her mind to date you.
What you need to do now, is back oﬀ for a while and stop bloody arguing with her.
If she causes drama, DON’T ARGUE, but be playful, tease in a nice way, be

playful, and show girls you got a strong frame.
That’s ﬁrst.
Now, if you ﬁnd she is a drama queen, then fuck it.
Don’t bother with her and don’t give me lip “oh but she’s a friend blah blah, and I
might lose a good friend…”
People move on. People ﬂy away. Friends go for degrees, get jobs, in other cities
and countries, get into relationships and so on. They move on. So if you’re
worried about that then go and expand your social circle and don’t keep sticking
to same people because that will hinder you in the future when it comes to dating
and life in general.
You know girls are drama queen if they manipulate, if they say one thing and
then create stuﬀ like, “Oh see, you don’t care about me, see, I knew it.”
These girls, drop them. Move on.
They are drama queens, insecure as hell. Most have tons of guys around them but
they don’t date anyone. They love the attention but no one wants to be in
relationship with drama queens.
For now, back oﬀ, give it time and get busy with your life.
When she chills, calm and sees you, make your frame strong. Don’t get pulled
into arguments and drama.
Stay playful, fun, light hearted not serious.
219 Views · View Upvoters

My best friend is a tall, good looking guy and all the girls go for
him, yet none of them even talk to me. Do I have to limit my
friendship with him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Aug 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to go on your own way to approach other women. Stop comparing
yourself with this guy and relax, and go on your own to approach other women.
First things ﬁrst, read this…
How can I get a girl way out of my league?
No use me giving you examples because such examples don’t mean much.
Especially if they are celebrities because they have status, celebrity status,
income and many other factors women who want a relationship look for.
Right now, you shouldn’t be looking at relationships and forget results in dating.
Instead your main focus is to approach women, tons of them but with the right
frame of mindset. That’s it. Don’t expect much in the ﬁrst 6 months but
rejections. You need to go through this for a reason. To overcome anxiety with
approaching.
In fact, don’t even start there.
Start doing small drills by just approaching to say hi and small talk. Nothing else
but that. Remember, you’re not about getting dates. It’s about you ﬁrst going out
and learning to overcome your own insecurities, own inhibitions and own chatter
in your head.
Do lots of small drills everyday.

Do lots of approaching girls asking for directions. Then do more asking
something else. It may not make sense now but believe, it all helps for later on.
Whe you get use doing things like that then you can raise the bar slightly every
month. Until you get real comfortable to approach girls to ﬂirt, converse and even
asking them out.
You’re spending way too much time with this guy and you need your own self
reference, doing your own thing, and approaching women yourself.
There’s a lot of questions I’ve answered if you need to see more.
But for now, read this and go on your own journey. Your friend is not the problem.
It’s your own insecurities and also you cannot expect dating anyone when you
haven’t really approached many girls and got started…
How can I get a girl way out of my league?
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get a girl way out of my league?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Aug 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can’t.
Let me explain because, yes there are times I have said no girl is out of your
league but this is for guys who are way out in the advance level when it comes to
dating.
Heres what it means when girls ARE out of your league because there will be girls
out of you league for a reason.
1. You haven’t approached many girls. You’re at a stage in your life when
you haven’t got the experience and understandiing of what you need to
know about girls and about yourself.
2. You’re too much in your head. You’re in head because you haven’t got
any self reference, real live examples from your life on
approaching….attracting….dating attractive girls you’re into. So you are
basically running on autopolite mode. You’re always in your head space
and you know you are when you ask…
“How to get a girl out of my league?”
“How do I win a girl over?”
“How do I talk to a girl?”
“How do I get out a friendzone?”
“When do I know when to kiss?”
“Girls think I’m cute, nice guy, what should I do?”
3. The question you’re asking shows how you think it’s ALL about girls
judging you. This is social conditioning and girls love to believe they are
the only ones who make the decision.
She’s not the only one judging you, checking you out, deciding, will say
yes or no. So will you!
See how that’s now changed?
You are approaching her not to date but to ﬁrst see if you want to even
date her, if there is chemistry between you both. If her mannerism is
good enough for you If she makes you feel great, alive or she’s got some
fucked up idea that she’s entitled to something because she’s a woman.

You’re seeing if there is compatibility, if she gets you, if she is your equal
or instead she’s ﬁlled with insecurities behind her appearances. If she is
mature enough, emotionally stable or up her ass with “all guys just want
sex,” and rest of labels most carry in their head..this is the time to ﬁnd
out. Forget winning her over.
You’re appproaching to ﬁnd out if she is at your equal level -meaning,
you know what you want and she is a girl that wants the same thing.
4. Timing. You can be compatible with a girl and she with you but timing
can come in between. Sometimes there is just too much friction and if
there is, you do not try to be a therapist but be mature.
Friction can mean she likes you but like is not enough. There is
something in the way. Maybe logistic problems. Maybe she comes from a
religious strict family and she will feel guilty, back and forth bullshit.
Maybe you met her and she has a friend and her friend is inﬂuencing
her.
Maybe her fears, maybe your fears, maybe she has had bad experience in
past with guys, maybe she’s too shy and needs to grow, maybe a lot of
things like she’s leaving the country or studying a lot, work
committment etc. Timing is very important and it is out of our control.
So when you look at all the above, you realise that you can approach even
a fat girl and timing will be out. Yes, you can get rejections from girls who
are not attractive to how you see attractive in your mind because there
are many things out of your control.
Of course, you can learn about getting good at appearances, at
psychology, social dynamics, language of inﬂuence, hit the gym, do all
sorts of things to increase your chances but for now, you need to
understand this fundamental principle.
That you don’t see a rejection as a defeat.
You embrace it. It will never, ever, go away. You cannot ask people “don’t
fear rejection.” You hear lots of women trying to coach and guys too with
advice like..
“Don’t fear rejection.”
You need fear because fear has helped us survive. It is a protection
mechanism but also it can come in between of your success. You don’t
kill it, you embrace it, understanding and make it your friend.
Courage is not without the absent of fear.
The more you go through the pain instead of letting it go through you,
the more you become self aware, relaxed and enjoy how it is now
feedback that you got some growing up to do. That now is the time to
move up to the next level in your life.
You see it as a source of knowledge, feedback and a time for you to move
on to another girl, and another, and another, and another until you meet
the one who is EQUAL with you.
Equal meaning…..time is right, you’re both have chemistry, you’re both

compatible, you’re all over each other.
You both don’t need to…perform any fucking games because you want
her and she wants you, and that’s what equal means. You’re in the
same….league, place, frame of mind, understanding and desire level.
Since these have yet to gain ground with you, then YES, every girl you desire will
be out of your league. Not just her but all girls.
You will be in you’re in your head a lot. Too much in your head. You’ll view
rejections as defeat and lack the understanding above.
When is a girl is in your league?
1. When you realise you cannot live your life trying to control people. This
question is about control, it’s fear based. You need to understand the
only thing you can control is you approaching many girls to ﬁnd out if
the chemistry…compatibility and timing with you and the girl is on
target.
I have never tried much when this happens.
Believe me, when these are spot on, we will kiss right there, she won’t
have no fucking insecurities about sex, this and all the crap society talks
about. We’ll talk, laugh, caress, kiss and even take each other’s hand, go
and fuck each other, eat each other out and whatever at some place, hers
or mine.
It won’t be a big deal.
She is my equal and I am her equal.
You understand you can have chemistry but the timing might be oﬀ and
so nothing in world you can do but move on. You’re not there to
PERFORM. You’re not there to win her over but to screen and ﬁlter.
Screen and ﬁlter, Screen and ﬁlter until you meet your equal.
2. When you approach any girl, there a things that will be out of your
control. Emotions, perception, inexperience, insecurities such as shame
about sex, fear about losing her social network, fear of what other guys
think of her, what other friends think of her, what relatibes will say AND
the experiences or someone else’s experiences regarding dating guys.
Her comparing herself to other girls and friends.
There will also be your own lack of experience and so, many things will
fuck up and you’ll look back and wish you knew what you know today.
I have these too.
If I knew what I know today, I would have told the social norms,
traditional view about dating and relationship to go and fuck
themselves. These hindered my success in the past as a teen but now I
am a man with self references, tons of them, experience and knowledge.
From the tinest challenge that will appear to the large ones, and practical
knowledge how to overcome them.
So you won’t have this mentality or thinking if you’re always wondering..
“I MUST PERFORM on this date to impress her.”

Fuck that shit.
She isn’t the only one there judging and deciding. You are too. You’re not
the only one scared, she is. You’re not the only one who isn’t perfect, she
is also not perfect. She’s not the only one who can say no.
You can too and you will if she doesn’t qualify, if she doesn’t step up, if
she doesn’t show interest back, if she plays some game, if she behaves in
a manner you do not desire, if timing is oﬀ, if compatibility is not there
and you feel something is a miss and you know it can cause problems in
the future.
3. When you understand that, you can approach a woman with empathy,
understanding, wisdom, and to such a level you don’t even bother
performing. Instead you are going to see if there is chemistry, if you’re
both compatible and if the timing is spot on.
Isnt that wonderful?
Imagine, you don’t have to lie, pretending, fake anything. You don’t have to hide
who you are because you really want to attract someone who is similar in values.
Yes, you can improve your mind, body, health, income, career and yes it will help
but don’t ever think without these, you won’t date.
No. The problem is not these.
I dated very attractive women when I hit rock bottom years ago. I was homeless. I
took risks in business and life and sometimes I win big. Sometimes I also lose big
and when I lose, it hits hard.
So even then, I dated attractive women, I kissed them, I danced with them, I slept
with them, we fucked, we had threesomes, me and two women together, we had
foursome, 3 women and me together.
When I ﬁgured this out, man, my life changed. I discovered much of what we
think we know, what people tell us, what people advise as well, what mainstream
promotes is full of shit! It’s Bollocks!
You can attract, date and fuck women, and they don’t need to know shit.
But for relationship value, long-term then yes, things like purpose in your life,
job, career, going somewhere, where she is not the centre of attention, but she
feels safe, secure and proud to be with such a man…..these need to be in place.
But attracting women, dating, having fun, sex…NO, you don’t need all that.
Sexual appeal attracts, gets dates, gets you laid, but relationship wise…you need a
diﬀerent value called absolute value.
The ﬁrst was perceieved valued.
For long-term you need Absolute Value.
Combine both, you’re going to go somewhere in life and not just with women but
life in general.
The challenge is all in your head and also in someone else’s head. It is your
mindset but also you cannot control much of what is happening out there.
You won’t get all the girls you like.
I can walk into a night club and walk out with many numbers and out of them, I’d
have 8 dates lined up, ready in a week.

BUT…even with this experience, knowledge and conﬁdence, I will also have
women where we don’t click. That’s real life.
That’s what the glossy world of dating doesn’t show.
The girl is not out of your league.
It is because you, right now, is out of your depth.
And that is a place I so envy you for.
You’re going to go through much of what I went through.
Those “Aha!” moments will be amazing moments. You’ll also ﬁnd sadness too
because you will see the good, the bad and the ugly of humanity.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

If your girlfriend breaks up with you and treats you like crap
after and then tells everyone you treat her like crap what do you
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Aug 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t worry. She will be part of those people who don’t matter and you’ll move on
in life. Those who fall for what she says don’t matter either.
1. Ignore her because you know anything she says is full of crap anyway
and not going to be true.
2. Don’t talk bad about her to anyone
3. Don’t also talk good about her. Meaning, say nothing about her if
someone asks. Silence is power. Yes. you can compliment her but that is
really a mistake and makes you look like you’re kissing her ass. Just say
nothing if someone asks or talks about her in front of you.
4. Move on and approach other girls out of this social circle.
5. Become successful in your life and that alone blows anything she says to
dust. No one likes to keep hearing about someone’s crap for too long, and
she don’t realise it but she’s fucking herself over.
If a girl starts talking bad about her past relationship, it’s a turn oﬀ for
me. It is for a lot of conﬁdent guys who got value.
That’s same with guys talking about ex to other girls. Don’t do it. Stay
upbeat and move on.
816 Views · View Upvoters

How can I improve my dating skills If I only have 4 days a
month available for meeting women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is it logistics problem?
You must either be far away from city. You in army or something or somewhere
really far so it’s not eﬃcient for you to kind of drive or travel.
That said, the best thing to do then is..:
1. Optimize your appearance. Get real good photos of yourself. Really do
your home work on this. Don’t take short cuts on photos. Do some
research of photo poses and do not listen to women advising on this.

Some will say “don’t wear no shirt.”
Bullshit. There are women on sites wearing fucking bikinis.
It all depends the type of woman you want. If you want a woman who
wants a conﬁdent guy, a bold guy, a guy who wants sex, then be that guy.
If you want serious, don’t say serious but still be light hearted and fun.
You don’t want to say you are alone, depressed, looking for the one. No
woman wants to date a guy who is so available.
2. Then use the dating websites but don’t do like most guys do with shit
photos and crappy proﬁle. Really work it that your proﬁle is done in a
way that is compelling. The photos must sure a connect with your proﬁle
biog.
3. Then contact women on these sites but get real good at knowing how to
do it in a compelling way to get results. Don’t focus on one woman and
don’t spend too much time talking because some women on these sites
just do it for emotional support and attention. Filter them out fast.
So dating website will be a best options for you and Tinder if it’s got good
matches in your area. Tinder is dominantely known for hookups no matter how
many fucking women complain that guys on their just want sex.
Maybe try OK Cupid but try Tinder as well and see how it goes.
That’s if logistics for you is real diﬃcult.
Now, if you can approach women, then it be best if it’s on a day where lots of
people are out in city.
Like saturday. Or see if any events happening that’s a big like the fair, or
something where people go and that way, you can approach many women to say
hi. So use your time wisely. Be prepared.
960 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ionut Serban

How should I respond to a man who stood me up for a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s a really a shit fucking thing to do to someone but you know how it is with
people. They hate saying no and will say yes, and then waste your sweet time.
Happens a lot in dating, girls and guys do this.
I won’t call, text, do anything.
He don’t deserve you putting eﬀort in calling him and going nuts on him.
Just move on because you know you can do better.
19.3k Views · View Upvoters

As a man when is it the right time to tell her you love her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. If you have approached her and ﬂirted, conversed, asked her out AND….
2. She said yes to dating you and you’ve dated for sometimes, like months,
maybe a year. You’ve become intimate, physically intimate as well.
If these have been done, go for it.
If not, don’t bother because you’ll creep her out, it’s not the time to do that and
you won’t be diﬀerent to the many guys who behave like chumps, telling a

woman who hasn’t emotionally invested, hasn’t stepped up herself to date, give
time to know you to then believe the words are not said because of her looks.
No love letters.
No ﬂowers.
First be a man and do step 1 and 2 and if these two don’t happen, you didn’t spill
your guts to a woman who don’t see you that way.
That’s how it is in the real world.
Bollywood, Hollywood, Romance novels shows you to confess your love and all
will be well. Not so in the real world.
In the real world there are fears, desires, hopes….emotions. There needs to be a
build up process, and the person needs to be interested and has shown through
time.
So ﬁrst build history with her, not as a friend but you’ve dated her as I mentioned
on the steps above.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

My ex still talks to me as if we were still together. Why is this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you ever heard or met someone who can’t be alone?
They break up with you but they just can’t be alone and so they start doing things
like calling, texting, talking as if nothing happened. Talking about the future.
When that happens, don’t try to ﬁx the person.
Instead set your boundaries because you’re going to ﬁnd yourself emotionally
investing time, eﬀort on someone who isn’t emotionally stable, who is immature
and just unreliable when it comes to relationship.
One week they are in and next couple of months they are out.
In…out…in…out and you both fall down.
One of you have to be the mature one, the one who doesn’t let their emotions
string them along. One of you has to say..
“Enough is enough.”
He is doing it because you let him. You have not set boundaries with him because
he will keep trying until you slam that door shut. I mean truly slam it shut and
move on. It sounds harsh but hey, you think we live forever?
You think anyone can give us our time back?
So don’t waste your time on someone who made a decision to break up and then
rolls you back again like nothing ever happened. They do so because they are not
emotionally strong. They feel alone and miss what they had but the moment they
get that back, it’s same all over again.
Whether he can’t think of a girl or does, he made his decision. He’s saying the
words you want to hear. Yes, even..
“You’re the one. The only one. I can’t think of any girl but…you.”
A man worth his salt is decisive.

He doesn’t make such decisions so easily and immaturely. Breaking up is a
serious action. It hurts if someone is into the person. It’s not a joke. It’s not
something to triﬁle with. It breaks hearts. It’s an emotional rollercoaster.
You show him how you’re serious too.
How you’re not a joke. How you’re not a product you drop and then come, pick yo
where on left oﬀ like to…buy. Someone for convienence. Someone when the
thought of the….grass is greener on the other side.
When someone leaves there is still this emotional attachement. It’s hard, tough
and but what kicks it’s ass when someone on the other side says..
“NO!” and shows it by action.
They now have to move on and be uncertain with someone else or grow up to
learn a valuable lesson. That when you break up with someone…make sure…you
are 100% certain because if not, you cause conﬂict, awkwardiness, worry and
confusion. It’s someone’s life.
He calls you because he knows you will pick up. He texts you because he knows
you will reply. The door is open because he knows you kept it open.
That’s really it.
Set your boundaries because you…have…a choice.
Use it and look ahead into the future.
18k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zane Stackhouse

I recently told a special girl that I like her and she really likes
me too. The thing is, she is occasionally busy so we can't hang
out.What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Jacob, I am going to be blunt with you mate so to save time. I’m known to do so
on here because it saves you time and also, I cut through the crap too.
I knew a girl, aged 24, and there was this guy who really liked her but she kept
saying she was busy and just didn’t make much time.
Then I come into the scene. I didn’t know about this guy at that time. I didn’t
know he existed and really liked her.
However I met him later on and he was surprised because she said to him she’s
always busy to meet etc.
But with me, she didn’t say she was busy. She didn’t say she was occassionally
busy or that she even tried to behave that way.
It was seeing her, kaboom, next day we’re meeting, dating and having sex, and
dating for about 6 months.
She wanted a relationship, like moving in together. I wasn’t interested at that
time.
You see what I’m getting at.
People are busy but when it’s something they really want, the heart going
kaboom, their dick hard, pussy wet, they can’t stop thinking about the
person….busy or not…they are going to make the time.
And if they don’t, you move on….FAST!
That’s what you do if you’re trying to date her because you’re attracted to her.

If someone is unwilling to make you a priority to meet and date, they ain’t worth
your time to be thinking about, waiting for them and so on for dating.
Instead, you need to move on fast and approach other women. Never wait for a
woman, until she’s not busy. I don’t because I have options. The men who wait on
one women don’t have much resources. They don’t because they don’t learn fast
enough in making sure who to focus on and who not to.
The one who doesn’t show intent, doesn’t show interest, doesn’t make time…
doesn’t give a clear YES and puts action towards the YES…is the one to leave
behind.
You need to learn to do this faster.
The faster you learn to do it, the less emotional investment and time you spend
on someone who doesn’t behave in a manner you desire…and…the faster you
approach other women until you meet someone who says yes.
32 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jacob Timon

How much do people appreciate you supporting their current
relationship, even if you have feelings for them?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jul 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why you do what you do is out of the pretence that you want to help.
Really, you’re not nice at all.
This is why I don’t like “nice girls” and why girls don’t like “nice guys.”
I am not talking about being polite.
If another person says “what’s wrong with being nice” please go and bang your
head on a wall because you’re just nit picking.
A lot of guys tell me I attract women because I’m a player, an asshole, jerk.
It’s because I am honest about my intentions.
I’m a lover, sexual guy and so I am always upfront with this in ny ﬂirty ways
which it pushes some women away which is what I WANT and attracts who are
similar values and desires as me.
And I move on if I ﬁnd a no.
There are so many women who have diﬀerent needs and I don’t have to be with,
chase a woman, try to convince when there are so many women who desire what I
desire. I just got to do the work and I do, do the work and it happens.
I don’t lie, I don’t cheat, I don’t need to and I don’t need to be exclusive and still, I
will have dates with multiple women and all know where I stand and they stand.
Honesty is part of conﬁdence.
So I know what’s going on here with you and whoever you’re trying to
“positioning” yourself with by doing things for nothing more but to get into
someone’s pants.
It’s not honest.
I rather be rejected, called a fucking asshole, a jerk, a player than do that. I rather
push lots of women away than do that. I rather be honest with every woman I
meet and that way I have a clear conscious.
Most of all, no woman or man is worth doing things for in pretence to get into
their pants. Really, that’s what GAME IS.

So those who say “oh people play games,” not really.
People who do deception are cowards in my books and that goes for women and
men too, who use subtle hints or got crushes, and do nothing about it or just do
not move on. It’s needy. It’s clingy and it’s desperate.
It’s not nice at all.
I’m talking about people who pretend to be nice but really they do it for an
agenda in hope the person falls for them. Desperate and needy.
It’s disgusting.
You have an agenda…
“an opportunity to further my own position.”
You’re not honest and you make it bad for so many guys who ARE nice. You make
it real bad for yourself too. You’re wasting your life, time, doing things like that.
It’s easier to be honest and approach other people and go through the pain, learn
the social skills and be with someone who is interested in wanting to date you.
You best is to stop interfering and move on with your life instead of orbiting
around someone like a leech.
Stop doing things to get into someone’s pants because no matter how you put it
or how anyone else likes to pretty it….that’s what it is.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that attitude has no impact on relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Compatibility is an attitude. It isn’t about interest, education, culture, religion.
It’s an attitude, a process where lovers willing to work together towards each
others happiness. So having a positive attitude that helps to nurture
understanding, intimacy, trust companionionship and love is a must.
For example, I know a couple who met. They found out they might not be able to
have a child. They struggled with having a child and this could have caused
problems because the woman wanted children.
However, together they decided, child or no child, they love each other, they want
to be with each other and they can adopt. They felt what they have together is so
important and precious.
A few years later she got pregnant and after the check up, the baby is healthy.
They were both willing to work together no matter what happens. They just
wanted to be happy together.
That’s compatibility. An attitude.
So let’s look then at some real life factors.
We are socially conditioned and so we are wired to seek validation, approval and
acceptance. Only when one is educated do they see what most take years to wake
up to and some never do.
I don’t mean the school…college and university education system, but education
about themselves…that they see how attaching to objects such as being liked,
approved, accepted, job title, social status, appearances; makes one live in fear
and ﬁlled with inscurities.
So a person can bring that crap into a relationship.

We are socially conditioned regarding love and sex.
Many do not know the diﬀerence and assume that sex deﬁnes them. That sex is
some trophy. That when someone sleeps with someone, it is love. That someone
else is their property, object and so we got inventions like marriage with a fairy
tale story about oneness, witness to each other. So a person can bring this into the
relationship and become possessive, clingy, needy but most of all ignorant that
everyone has diﬀerent needs. It becomes to such a level that if someone wants
sex with someone else, then how can he love who he or she is with?
That there are many types of relationships than monagamy.
We then have people who are Narccists and don’t give a fuck about anyone else
and see relationship as nothing more but to feel power, to get what they want, to
manipulate for their own agenda.
They will even use people to date and when they ﬁnd someone else, drop that
person and move up for nothing more but to increase their assets or appearances
in this world. So a person can bring this into the relationship and you won’t know
it because thet good at hiding and manipulating until you ﬁgure out they are
Narcissists.
Imagine then, if you don’t know yourself, if you don’t have knowledge on what
social conditioning is, the invention of shame regarding sex and invention of
modesty, and invention of religion, and invention that so many follow because
it’s favourable to their peers and because they…want..to…ﬁt in….you will ﬁnd
yourself in trouble. You not only need the attitude but a wealth of knowledge and
skill set.
You have to be very careful on what you really know because what you think you
know, is probably a load of crap. That’s what I found out when I studied and
researched on my own on a lot of things regarding how society became what it is
today, especially regarding dating, inventions made by human beings like
modesty and shame about sex.
These two cause havoc in society even now.
A person can bring all this into a relationship and you’d think it’s you but really,
it’s they who haven’t woken up, matured, fear society, follow social norms and
traditions. It’s they who are insecure, have this idea what relationship is and have
religion, stuﬀ what their mummy said about what is a good girl and bad girl, good
boy and bad boy and so many things they pick up from mainstream media and
their environment.
If you want to live by your rules then you need a very strong attitude because the
moment you want to live by your rules, every fucker is going to try and tell you to
not do so and give you their opinion about relationships and what one is, and sex
and who to date, and what age etc etc..
So let’s not forget, it’s just women who get turned oﬀ but also men get turned oﬀ
by women who bring all these stuﬀ in their head, their past experiences, their
perception, what they think is truth, and project it to the next guy and try and
fuck him over because she wants revenge on me or she’s pissed oﬀ.
You and I know there’s men and women like this in this world.
So yes, attitude is important and it isn’t developed in the easy road but the hard
road, because most people don’t want the truth.
They want fantasy until reality slaps them in the face and then the blame
everyone, men, women and whoever but do not take account that they had a
choice. They had a choice to be in a toxic relationship when they saw some red

ﬂags because they were needy, desperate for pussy, tits, ass, dick to be approved,
for status or whatever is they NEED in their life.
It’s why, the moment I sense a person is toxic, the moment I know a woman is
drama queen, the moment I ﬁnd I am with someone who believes sex is some
prize, a trophy and dangles it like a carrot…they are out of my life.
Even if someone talks negative beside me, they are out if they don’t stop it. I
didn’t invest in my mind to listen to how one cannot achieve this, can’t make this,
it’s impossible or drama attitude that is nothing more but for attention.
It can turn your bright day into a gloomy day.
No thanks.
Having a positive attitude and healthy attitude will go a long way in a
relationship but also, you got to have the balls to say enough is enough.
919 Views · View Upvoters

Does she want me to make a move on her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t be like some of my friends. Yes, you might risk friendship but listen….if a
friend starts acting all up because you asked her out, she’s not much of a friend.
Friends not going to go all ape shit but mature about these things.
If the people you associate are mature and intelligent.
Many of my friends didn’t take the risks and you know what?
That is so with life too. They don’t take risk even with women they don’t even
know. If you’re so worried losing one friend, no matter how long you knew the
person then you need to get out more and expand your social cirlce.
Only people of scarcity and fear of rejections think like this.
Now don’t get me wrong. I don’t date people in my inner close social circle but
that’s because I love approaching women from outside my social circle. I just like
to keep friendship and dating seperate.
I rarely spent time sitting with women chatting. Far too busy and got things going
on in my life to get close to women in a friend way anyway.
But if you fell for her then make your move now!
First establish the frame. Ask her out and date her ﬁrst and on the date don’t be
platonic. Get physical immediately by holding hands when you meet, remove the
awkwardiness with physical conversation and take it from there.
Don’t play safe. Be a lover.
If she rejects for the date, no problem. Don’t act weird and just move on.
So just do it or someone else is going to ask her out and it be too late.
437 Views · View Upvoters

Is it a red ﬂag when someone you've known less than a year
asks to borrow a large sum of money?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes.
I have two simple rules.

1. Do not give money to friends and expect it to have it back.
2. Do not give money to relatives and expect it to have it back.
If you break these rules, it’s on your head mate. When money is involved people
behave weird.
Do not give money to someone you hardly know, friends and relatives with the
hope of getting it back.
And if ever you do loan money make it legal, on paper, with law so they can’t say
shit and you can take them to the cleaners.
But even then it will cost you much more money to do so later on, and you will
wish you never, ever loaned money to anyone. It also will take you through so
much emotional hassle, you’ll curse the day you loaned anyone money and
expected it back.
The thing you can do is ﬁnd out what the money is for and get that which it is for.
Do not hand the money in hand and if they don’t like that, bye, bye.
Give money without expectations.
I have seen people change due to money. From closest ﬁrst, relatives and even
lovers. Money is not the source of evil.
It only brings out and shows who the person really is.
$25,000 is a lot if you haven’t much money. So if you give it, don’t expect it to be
given back. Write it oﬀ as collateral damage for mixing money with friendship.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask a girl out even if I know she'll be leaving in six
months?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m going to be blunt with you. Take every chance you can right now to not take
things seriously and just date girls. Forget all this big picture about marriage and
all that. You need to have as much experience as possible because when you do
meet someone, you will be able to know how to handle yourself in every aspect of
dating and relationship.
That’s problem with most guys
They wait far too long, being too serious and when they do get into a relationship,
they fuck up bad or the girl fucks their head up bad.
So start now, get experience, build amazing memories, make mistakes now, learn
now, get to be a man now, be ready for the future.
Every girl is not going to be the one except she will be if you never dated, if you
never gained much experience and ﬁnd yourself falling for each one like “she’s
the one.”
There is no, “the one” and “soul mate.”
There is only what you make out of a relationship and if it prospers, due to your
own experience and hers, your own mistakes you’ve learnt from, and from
ﬁnding your balls and learning to not be timid, passive and fear of losing girls.
But you need to start now and date and not take it seriously. I don’t care what
other girls think of what I am saying. That’s real life.

I dated many and it is because of all those experiences that I am conﬁdent in the
present, with knowledge, skills, conversation skill, relationship management
skill.
Don’t take shit seriously man.
Go and approach and date her if she likes you too and if she doesn’t walk away.
She’s not the only girl on this planet.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Last year this woman kept on smiling at me in a ﬂirty way but
she had a boyfriend. How do I react to this in the future?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is why you don’t look at signals. Signals can be made out of nervousness, for
social purposes and nothing else but that. Even ﬂirting doesn’t mean a woman is
interested.
People ﬂirt for fun, for increasing their self esteem, to get attention, boredom and
even to remove awkwardiness or stress.
It is easy to fall prey to thinking a smile is ﬂirting because it is part of the family
of ﬂirting that is promoted in mainstream and by some dating experts.
You will have heard…
1. Make strong eye contact
2. Smile
But here’s the problem….
People smile to keep up with society.
The facial expression that occurs naturally on the face can also be produced
artiﬁcially for nothing more but to avoid threat and for social purpose.
So smiles can be spontaneous of happiness and that’s the same with frowning
(anger), or just smiling because it’s just for social purpose.
Smiles and frowning can be manufatured as a deliberate signal to indicate fear,
uneasiness, doubt, displeasure, awkwardiness, nervousness, signal of approval or
an agreement and so forth.
Real feelings can be hidden.
No expression on face, just blank expression or a artiﬁcial smile because someone
wants something, or feeling uneasy and they smile to feel better.
This is why you don’t look for smiles, eye contact etc as a sign of ﬂirting.
The stuﬀ you hear will waste you a lot of time.
Trying to read body language and all that is just frustratING and most people get
it wrong anyway.
So what do you now do?
You learn and move on.
Just stop building this idea of some woman who smiled at you and move on.
Approach other women. No more looking for signals. If you’re attracted to
someone, approach and you’ll ﬁnd out soon enough if it’s a yes or a no.
930 Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to make a million dollars?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jul 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I make a million dollars as a hairdresser?

Stop seeing yourself as a hairdress and start seeing yourself as a
storyteller/marketer with the most craziest shit happening in your hair salon
place.
I swear, if I had a place like that, I would create some amazing fun script and
share in few second clips of hilirious stuﬀ, stories. Then bang up vine, youtube
and be consistent with it, which will then create advertising revenue for you.
But also put you ahead of other hair dressers because you’re creating your own
personal brand story that engages, entertains. around your personality.
From there you can sell your own stuﬀ, or buy hair salon stuﬀ or whatever it is
that is connected to hair and fashion because a million from hairdressing will
need some diversifying.
Create some character, with yourself.
Entertain the shit out of it because the harder way is investment, advertising,
having lots of customers and all that. You only got 24 hours and there is only one
you right now or a few working with you.
So don’t just be a hairdress. Be a storyteller/marketer which engages audiences.
You don’t anything special. You got all you need, a mobile phone that ﬁlms and a
laptop to edit if need to.
Keep an eye on all the stories you hear from your customers to give you ideas to
make people smile, laugh and want to ﬁnd out where this hairdresser is at.
Think of ways how to optmize the attention into revenue streams.
825 Views · View Upvoters

Do girls or women prefer to cuddle after sex? If so, why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Women.” Is generalising. Like questions on “do men.”
Here’s why…
1. I dated a woman from Scotland. When we had sex, she immediately went
to sleep. She didn’t like cuddles and anything else after sex. Like she was
gone, far away after sex. Only afterwards, maybe hours later, when she
got up or next day, sure no probs.
2. Then there’s the woman I dated from Germany. She loved cuddles all the
times, before and after sex, and would wrap her arms around me after
sex.
3. Then there’s the woman who loved arts and was from USA. Amazing
artist, not just painting but also music. She didn’t like cuddles at all. She
wasn’t much of a person to show emotions although when sex kicked oﬀ,
well, that is a diﬀerent story. But after sex, no cuddles and even when we
met, no cuddles. It’s just how she was and it was a deciding factor to
never date women who cannot show emotions, feelings.
As you can see, women are diﬀerent, the way men are. Some love that shit, the
cuddles. Others don’t but like it sparingly and some not at all.
The key is, to ask the right questions with ourselves.

“What do I want in a woman/man”
Then make this as your guide no matter what.
I ﬁnd I reject women who I know cannot show feelings, emotions, empathy and
tenderness. It’s cool. The faster I move on….the faster I always attract the woman
who does show such physical conversations and emotions.
I never tailor myself to all women but to what I want in a woman, and take it from
there. There are women for whatever a man desires and man for whatever a
woman desires.
The next key is go out there and do the work. The more one does, the more one
learns and the more a person gets better with social instinct to converse, attract
and even reject no matter how gorgeous a woman or man is.
Why?
Because you know, life is already full of bullshit, hard work, and the last thing you
need is be with someone who is not compatible.
I don’t care how beautiful the women I meet when it comes to this. I am not
picky, but I am ﬁrm in that I want emotions, feelings. physical touch and most of
all, I like a woman who has left beind much of the social norms and traditions we
have conditioned with.
So know what you want in a woman/man.
Everyone is diﬀerent. You will ﬁnd people who don’t show feelings, emotions and
even, some don’t want sex or make sex as some big deal. I stay well away from
women who like so. Life is hard enough to bother with being with someone who I
cannot click with intellectually, emotionally and sexually.
12.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would my ex girlfriend agree to go out for a romantic
dinner with me if she has a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because…..
1. You think it’s a romantic dinner. She thinks it’s just some guy she dated,
an ex, who has the time and money to kill to take her out for a meal.
Saves her cooking and she gets wined and dined.
2. She knows that when she wants something, you’ll say how high because
you’re hoping she gets back with you.
3. Then when she had her meal, she’ll go back giving her boyfriend a blow
job, and sex, riding him all night while you go home alone.
People can go out with friends, with guys, even if they are dating someone else.
It’s not a big deal. It’s only a big deal when the guy who the girl is with and who
suppose to be a friend, or an ex who has moved on….hasn’t….moved on.
If you saw her as a friend only, why you so bothered about it? :)
Because you don’t see her that way. If you’re doing this to get her back, best not
to. Move on because most guys who are available, not a challenge, being nice to
impress don’t get anywhere but get used.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date an attractive but apathetic woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jul 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean a woman who doesn’t show feelings, interests, emotions that she
desires me?
No, I won’t.
I date women who can show vulnerability, feelings and sexuality too. So if women
can’t show that, I’m not going to bother dating them or want to be in a
relationship with them.
Might be ok for someone else but not for me.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I like this guy but he likes someone else. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter who likes who. All you need to do and know is this..
1. Have you approached him instead of assuming something. If not,
approach and ask him out. If he says, or he hasn’t got time, whatever the
reply, if it’s not a YES, move on. Don’t waste time.
2. Anything else…waste of your time. Also, which is a mistake so many do is
they pursue someone who isn’t interested, and disregarding their own
happiness, boundaries for that one guy/girl. That’s “oneitis.” Google
“oneitis dating.” You can read more about.
3. That’s really it. It’s not rocket science. Ask the person out, don’t assume
anything and if they don’t give a clear YES….move on.
Anything else on why he and her are not dating can mean a lot of things. One he
might not have balls to ask her out and she is playing hard to get.
Who knows.
All you need to focus on yourself and see if you can get a yes. If not, move on.
22.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Meg Pearson

Why do I attract guys that I am not attracted to and then guys
that I am attracted to aren't attracted to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because attraction isn’t a choice.
You are attracted to whatever is in your mind, perception, you’re reality, the same
way guys are attracted to whatever is in their mind.
You’re wired as everyone else is to be drawn to what they see as attractive and it’s
not something you can control. It’s not something you can change except when
you do date many guys and realise that there’s more to a guy than his looks.
It is what it is.
Love however is a choice because you’re deciding on something much more
important, much deeper, comes with committment issues, investing of time,
emotions etc. You are deciding literally to spend time with this person and you
have much more information than someone’s look.
Attraction is about the map in your mind of what is attractive to you, which
comes from your upbringing, your environment, and everything else. You’re
looking for men on bases of look as other guys who are drawn to you are basing
what’s attractive by what their perceieve i.e the apperance of a woman.

So you’re doing the same as many people are on this planet. They are
approaching you and you are saying no to them, and these guys are probably
thinking and experiencing the same thing too.
If you want whatever you want then waiting for guys to approach is not the way.
You need to go where such guys you want and go through rejection, until you
meet such men of attractive level you seek and who desire you.
You need to put yourself out there more often and the chance then increases. If
you don’t you’ll get the same results.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy really loves you will he commit regardless of being
ready or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because love is not enough.
Attraction is not a choice. It’s kaboom, instant infatuation.
Love is a choice but it’s not enough and you’ll ﬁnd sometimes…
1. He doesn’t want a relationship.
2. He doesn’t want a relationship yet.
3. He comes from a cultural background in which if he does then he gets
friction that he feels he cannot handle. So the pain is far greater than
pleasuure.
4. He has insecurities that prevent him to say yes to relationship. Maybe
he’s been hurt before or many a times. Maybe he was in an abusive
relationship. So he is afraid of getting hurt again.
5. It could be you have become too comfortable in being friends. Though he
loves you he doesn’t want to ruin the friendship and create
awkwardiness. So he rather just focus on friendship.
6. He has something that he won’t give up and you have something you
won’t give up. He might not believe in monagamy and you do and
unwilling to be with someone who will date other lovers, sleep with other
lovers. He might be already married or in a relationship and not
available.
It’s the compatibilty issue.
Compatibility isn’t interest, culture, religion, income or job. It is an
attitude, a process in which lovers work together words achieving the
purpose….being together, happiness together, However if one of you or
both are unwilling for whatever reason…then you’re not compatible.
As you can see, love is not enough.
Sometimes the friction included is bigger and even if someone loves you he will
not commit.
Love is not enough. To say love is enough, is a fallacy, a myth and it is one of the
reasons where many get into trouble when the challenges come ﬂying in. In
fairytale, romance novels, love conquers all.
If that is so, there won’t be divources, cheaters, there won’t be so many breakups
and heartaches. Love does not conquer on it’s own.
It needs other important elements.

1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be stupid of me to visit Canada and meet a guy even
though we aren't anything oﬃcial?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Canada, India, Swizerland, wherever you want.
Get that ticket, get your luggage sorted and get out there. Travel. You’ll have fun
and your mind will open up. Nothing wrong with ﬂying over to visit a friend or
someone you have got to know.
It’s not crazy, ridicolous just because you met online.
You never know, you might have an kick ass adventure, ﬁlled with memories and
more stories to share. Plus you can one day answer this question below with
experience and conviction..
“I met a guy online and he’s living in Canda. Is it stupid if I ﬂy over and meet
the guy, when we’re not anything oﬃcial?”
Hopefully we’ll see your answer when you come back from Canada with some
cool photos :)
763 Views · View Upvoters

How would you deﬁne your relationship with music?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Freedom. I seriously mean it. I am free when I’m writing my own songs and
singing, I feel free. Like I have something no one can take away even if all the
materialistic stuﬀ went away, I can sing.
I feel like blessed, lucky, or whatever you can call it. To be able to do something
and feel complete joy, peace, freedom is something I think is a remarkable gift.
The only challenge I have, is ﬁnding a quick way to get oﬀ the stage and disappear
before the women gather round me. It can get crazy.
But apart from that, I feel free.
It’s not what I do. It’s who I am.
The beauty of it all is I combine it with all I do too. So it’s not that everything ﬁts
with my singing, music but rather everything comes naturally in harmony with
it. So even my songs is about dating, challenges with love, life.
It’s a feeling I ﬁnd hard to sometimes describe but if I can put it in one word then
it be this word right here…
“Freedom.”
I only have to pick up a guitar and sing and I’m happy, content and just free. Like
I’m high on something.
Freedom. You don’t look for it. You don’t chase it. You don’t ﬁnd it.
You become it :)
576 Views · View Upvoters

We have told each other in the past we liked each other but
recently I told him I still like him and he didn't respond. Why is
that?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not interested in what you’re interested in.
You’re interested in probably serious long-term relationship like marriage and
he’s not going to go there. He’s not interested in marriage at this point of time/or
not with you and doesn’t want to date with these conditions either since he
probably knows that’s what you want out of dating.
You probably hinted it by sharing some deep feelings when you should have ﬁrst
got to date him, gradually he emotionally invests, sees how it is with dating you
instead of putting it all on a plate. I don’t know the full story but this is something
a lot of women do and don’t realise they need to be light hearted in the beginning
and get dating ﬁrst.
Second, you are now friends and if you get in a situation where comfort has been
built, then most of the time, the person will not risk the friendship by dating the
person. They will rationalise if it goes wrong then it creates awkwardiness and
ruins the friendship.
So from what I am seeing, he is interested in just being a friend and likes your
company but not for dating. Too much time has been built into comfort phase
and attraction has diminished and other concerns have come to light.
If that is, attraction between you both existed.
Also did you say it by text or face to face.
You don’t say these things by text if you did. It needs to be done face to face or
you create awkwardiness and the guy doesn’t know how to reply to such a text.
You also can’t say much when a man is not in front of you but when he is, you can
get an answer right there and then.
Either way, he has not replied which shows his intent.
And if he’s playing hard to get though, don’t waste your time with him for dating.
If he’s not playing hard to get, then it’s due to him not wanting to date you. He
just wants to be platonic friends.
1k Views · View Upvoters

If someone keeps appearing on your top on Instagram can they
be searching you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Or you have been looking at their photos and now that’s in your history.
So instagram might have got a function to highlight certain people on top of your
Instagram because of your own search actions :)
So if you searched for these people or found their page then they’ll show up. This
also goes for Tags, Places etc.
It will also probably give you others who you haven’t looked at but they come
from connections of people/tags/places etc you did look at.
22.3k Views · View Upvoters

If you had one last chance to get back with your ex what would
you tell her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Tell her to wear the leather jacket she took from my house by saying “it
looks good on you.”

2. When she arrives, get her to give me the jacket.
3. And “ok cool. I got my leather Jacket back. Bye.”
4. Close the door.
5. Grab the girlfriends who is with me onto my shoulder, throw her on the
bed as she laughs and have amazing sex.
:)
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a guy I like avoid me when I told him that I used to
like him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait. Did you say “used to like him?” Use to?
Come on now. If you want a guy to take interest, don’t play safe. You need to be
careful with what you say.
“Use to” if that’s what you said to him, means..
“There is a chance of rejection if you make your move on me because it’s too late.”
You needed to say to him, if you are still attracted to him the present tense not
subtle messages that send mixed signals.
“I have ALWAYS liked you and I STILL do…”
Then close it with an action to get his phone number and if you already have it,
suggest going out for a drink or something.
Of course he’s going to avoid you.
You told him it’s too late or he’s probably thinking you’re playing games with him.
If you’re interested say it clearly without any negativity. Present tense always :)
It could also be, he’s not interested in you. So if it’s not the above I’ve mentioned
then he’s not interested.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to get my girlfriend's engagement ring size
without asking her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I ﬁgure out my girlfriend’s ring size without asking her?

That one is easy and I did this before but not for a wedding ring. Just a ring as a
gift for one of my girlfriends.
1. We walk through the city centre as we usually do, like weekend, a busy
saturday afternoon.
2. Make sure to go to diﬀerent places and not head to the shop where the
rings are. Use them as decoy.
3. Then steer it as you walk past the shop and stop, look and..”Hmmm, I
wonder if they sell mens watches :) Then walk in and she follows.
4. Try some rings on or watches and tell her to tries some too.
5. As she does, you say to person behind counter, “is it true that women
ring sizes are size blah blah.” They will speak like some expert. And you
add..”Interesting and is this size she’s got on is blah blah?

6. The person will say, “Erm, no. Her size is…let me see…oh yes, size blah
blah.”
You got the size and then give out a yawn or bored expression to your girlfriend
and say, “ok l am hungry. Let’s get something to eat.”
Then say something when you’re outside the shop, like, “man these rings were
SOOOOO EXPENSIVE. Honestly, I don’t know why people even buy them.” :)
Her heart will sink LOL. She’ll give a speech about romance blah blah blah. Just
roll your eyes and make it worse. Let her think you’re a bastard for a day.
Just play along.
The next day….go and get that ring.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I want to draw, but I am not able to ﬁnd the time to draw. What
can I do about this?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok, let’s solve some problems and at the same time get you excited….
1. First, forget about having money to purchase expensive materials and
deﬁnitely forget the art books and courses. You can get some paper
cheap, pencil and turn it into a sketch pad. Nothing fancy. Start drawing
forms i.e. shapes.
Here’s a video on that and how drawing shapes, forms is going to help
you big time to draw anything….and all you need is paper and pencil…

2. Forget about high fee courses. You can get free videos on Youtube and many
teach the basics and even advance level. The amount of knowledge I learnt from
there is huge. You can get the basic fundamentals down ﬁrst and it is these
fundamentals that will help you become an artist who can draw and paint
anything.
The basics will help you to draw and paint in a way to give your work realism too
if that’s your style. Learn the basics and any style will be easier for you because
you know the fundamentals….

3. You can tailor time to learn more by having someone to look at your work.
These are coaches who are really good at what they do.
They critique your work as videos.
So you just pay, send and they critique and provide you knowledge, expertise
techniques on what to amend. That to me is better than any book but reserve this
for later on in the future.
If you haven’t got monies, then maybe try Isterbrak. People on who learn from
her, a fantastic teacher upload their sketches on her facebook page or send it by
email, and she will critique your work, in a video.
I ﬁnd her excellent, just brillaint at what she does and you will see what I mean
when you check the video below and other videos of her…

4. TIME….whenever you are on a bus, sketch. Whenever you’re waiting for
something, sketch. Whenever you’re in que, sketch. Whenever you’re having a
drink of coﬀee sketch. It took 4–5 hours for me to get to where I am today with
what I am doing with my art work.
Now you may not have these kind of hours but…if you even put 5 mins here and 5
mins there, and then you see the results….you might get inspired to ﬁnd ways to
make time :)
As you can see, today we have access to so much more than many artists back in
the day ever have. The key is get started, even if it’s small steps…
As Pablo Piccaso once said..
"Inspiration exists but it has to ﬁnd you working"
980 Views · View Upvoters

Dating Etiquette: My girlfriend left me for another guy when
she found out that I'm poor. Now I have won a big lottery (no
joke) and she wants to come back. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Sort a meeting with her outside your house.
2. When she arrives she sees your new car. Lambourgini or ferrari.
3. You get into the driving seat and when she is in, drive.

4. Press play to play this song on REPLAY mode…volume up!

5. Drop her oﬀ at her place and drive oﬀ with a smile. That’s if she’s still in the car
after hearing this song replaying :)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What's the longest crush you've ever had? What can it be called
when it lasts over a year?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My longest crush was around 30 seconds. Too long :)
I approached afterwards when I realised I was being a fucking idoit and a guy
with no balls.
I snapped myself out of that bullshit timid, passive and weak place and did what
a guy does when he wants to make things happen.
I walked right up to her and I had a laugh talking with her, didn’t make it serious,
ﬂirted, made it fun, and then I asked her out.
And she ﬁrst said no but immediately…..
“Oh shit.I mean, OMG, I wanted to say yes.”
“Relax. I know. You’re nervous huh.”
“Yes (blushes)
Then we dated.
So 30 seconds.
Since then I made sure, when I see a woman I am attracted to, I approach
immediately so I don’t reject myself. I realised rejection is part of life and it tells
me who to spend time with in a romantic sense and who to not bother with.
You would never see me chase a woman, try to convince her, impress her and
most of all, do nothing if I am attracted to her.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do men like (and/or prefer) to be asked out by a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy is diﬀerent but here’s the thing from me…
It’s not that I prefer or want a woman to ask me out. Sure, she can, awesome. I’d
love it, be very impressed by her conﬁdence. I prefer women make it easier by
forget sending hints, subtle messages and get on with it.

I don’t know how many times women told me years later they were so interested
and I didn’t pick up the cues. I was like..
“Listen, you may have been advised by other women, guys, mum, dad,magazines,
read books and bullshit about how it works in dating but in real life, we’re in a
world full of noise, everything is getting our attention. Our brian is on alert for
danger. Our brain has fears, perceptions and we survive by being alert to danger.
It’s how we survived as human beings. So while it works in romance novels,
hollywood and bullshit dating advise from women and men, on what signs to look
for…in real life you got to be direct with a guy. I can’t read your mind and you can’t
read mine.”
That’s why I always approach.
I know people have fears, insecurities, perception. So I cannot rely on women to
have the backbone to put middle ﬁnger at societies social norms, traditions. Most
won’t approach and I don’t know who are these “most” women. I don’t see them
often in the world I live in.
Much of the dating advise is not practical and ﬁlled with holes.
Books, videos, and all that is all well and good but in real life, from personal
experiences and I approach lots of women, it is a diﬀerent story.
One of the stories to show how some women approached me and I got the
message, and acting upon the directness is this one, right here…
1. I was walking in the city centre and a woman with ﬂowing red head, who
kind of new who I was, been to the same recording studio said hi. It was
in the evening, about 9pm.
We talked for a bit and…she said..
“You’re not busy right now are you? I thought we’d have a drink together
before I…go…home.” as she bit her lips.
Now watch the body language. She KNEW what she was doing, I lnow a
woman thay knows men when she does this. Forget all the bullshit we
read and hear..
She smiles and conﬁdently put her arms around me and I didn’t move
them. I smiled and we walked.
When we sat down to drink, she put all focus on me, complimented on
my music and as we talked…she put her hand on mine which was on
table, smiled, bit her lips and said..
“Adam, I wish I talked you when I saw you are the recording studio. You
facinate me, diﬀerent. You got balls, you speak your mind cause I heard
you talking to a few women and they were kind of stunned by your cockin-ness (saying that word slowly lol).”
And came closer to my face and….kissed me.
From there we went to her house and had the most amazing sex. No
drama. NO “oh guys want sex and care only for our bodies,” None of thay
crap and bullshit. A woman, no insecurities, knew what she wants and
went for it.
So yes, very damn impressed when a woman approaches and knows how
to turn on a man and get him.

This is very rare. Doesn’t happen often.
But for now, I just approach. I don’t wait for women to approach but when it does
happen with women approaching me… it’s appreciated.
I don’t give a fuck who leads and who doesn’t.
I lead anyway but if a woman approaches, awesome. I’m not going to make
excuses for not going for what I want and rationalise it. I approach anyway but if
women approach, splendid. Cheers. You just helped to cut a lot of crap out of the
way and we can get down to knowing each other.
I know we’re going to have fun and enjoy each other’s company because all those
so called social norms stuﬀ, games have gone out of the window.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't my boyfriend commit to texting me throughout the
day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t need to read anymore of the story..just this..
“I have always wanted this relationship where we would text throughout the day
(ideally every couple hrs NOT every 20 mins) and talk/skype at the end of the
night.”
You wanted. If you wanted this and in your story you found out it ain’t going to be
this way in the beginning of the relationship, why are you with him and forcing
what you want? Why didn’t you realise the compatibility issue not committment
issue isn’t going to happen the way you ideally desire it so?
Just because someone is unwilling doesn’t mean they don’t want committment.
Example, just because I have sex on the ﬁrst date doesn’t mean I’m a player. It
means I am conﬁdent, dating women who are conﬁdent and I do not follow the
fallacies, myths and perception which comes from social conditioning. I don’t
follow the social norms that most follow because it looks favourable to their
peers.
Just because I approach women in a ﬂirty, fun, sexual way doesn’t mean I only
see women as sex and that is it. Just because I am not going to promise seeing a
woman who I date every day, means I am not committed. Just because I don’t call
everyday doesn’t mean I don’t care about the women I date.
And just because I don’t marry doesn’t mean I’m going to suddenly one day break
up when I see a hot woman with tits and ass.
I don’t need to as I am not into Monagamy but the fundamentals and thinking is
the same in any type of relationship. It’s just that poly doesn’t have a guide book,
rules and we just make up our own that is compatible for us not for society or to
seek validation from society.
The ones who do think this do so because of their own upbringing what dating is,
their own or someone else’s experience they know about, their own values on
what relationship is, what love is, what committment is andall of it has nothing to
do with me.
Compatibility is a process, an attitude in which lovers are willing to work together
towards each other’s happiness. There has to be maturity, reasonable desire for
something to happen and also giving someone the space they need.
Instead what I read from what you shared is neediness/clingyness.

What it does mean is this…
It means you’re expectations is diﬀerent to his expectation on what a relationship
really is and how one behaves in a relationship. He didn’t expect to call every
couple of hours and talk on skype at end of the night.
Maybe ﬁnd someone else who is like that because this guy isn’t. That’s not his
love language. That’s your love language and it’s not compatible. That’s your idea
of what is important to you in a relationship not his. So it will always cause
friction and it will lead to an unhealthy relationship and probably he or you will
walk away.
You’re mixing control with committment.
Anyone with an understanding will see this is overbearing, unreasonable and
that is coming from your own insecurities.
It’s unhealthy for a relationship.
You also can’t change someone and then when they are not going to change you
say he’s not committed.
You don’t want comittment.
Let’s get this clear. You want control.
That’s a diﬀerent thing altogether.
You have this idea that relationship is about getting calls, or text every 2 hours,
reassurance every 2 hour and skype call at end of every night.
Control is fear based and it’s about your own insecurities to then try to direct
blame that it’s him who doesn’t want committment.
Every 2 hours to text or call you?
The question is…
What are you scared of?
That he might be seeing someon else? That if he doesn’t keep in touch he might
stray away? That you got to get reassurance from him every 2 hours that he cares
about you?
Maybe take a look at the list here…
20 Signs Your Partner Is Controlling
He’s being patient with you but most guys including myself would have walked
away because we are not looking for a mother, but a woman to be romantic with.
A woman who is conﬁdent in herself to not want her man calling or texting every
2 hours and then a skype call every end of the night.
This isn’t about committment.
This is about control.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I blend colors in Photoshop?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jul 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I use diﬀerent techniques. I never use smudge tool as it makes the painting
muddy at the best of times.

Here’s a process, fast though. I could have done much more and better but I’m
just showing quickly how I blend colours.
First the image to show process.

1. I don’t use any special brushes. You need to know colour theory and
form. If you don’t know then you’ll struggle anyway when painting. So
knowledge about what makes the form or object as it is and you’ll see it is
due to the light source. So have basic understanding or you’ll struggle no
matter what brush you ﬁnd for Photoshop. The above was done using
Photoshop existing brushes. I just used one hard brush.
2. I am always bouncing with opacity and ﬂow.
3. To put colour down and blend using picker to get the edge of the colour
to then brush and blend to next cllour. You can see a very rough process
with the colour cyan, magenta and yellow.
4. I don’t bother using lots of layers. I’m use to painting on one layer but
best use layers if you’re starting oﬀ when doing some work. Takes time
learning to do all on one layer.
By the way, I learn lots of techniques from books and deviant art, youtube and
any resources I can get my hands on and practice for hours on end. This
technique I found on deviant art.
The problem is you got to read the tutorials. They’re not videos. I prefer videos as
you can see how it’s done. You’ll ﬁnd plenty videos in blending using photoshop
on Youtube. Surprised you didn’t look there.
624 Views · View Upvoters

Would a man stare and smile at a girl who is interested in him
even if he is not interested in her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. We’re all diﬀerent.
I do not agree that women deserve to be smiled at blah blah, from some answers I
read below. I don’t give a shit about that.
I am polite anyway not because one is a women but because I like being polite to
people, and have compassion, and I like people a lot.
It’s just in me and my attitude.
Now…
If a woman is staring at me and not smiling, I won’t. It would creep me out. I
would see it that she is judging me or doesn’t know what she wants.
If she is staring at me, bites her lips in a ﬂirty way and smiles at me, keeps eye
contact…..I will smile back. If I am attracted to her, I will approach and say hi and
converse, ﬂirt and get her number.
It depends on the guy and it depends how she behaves.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I like a guy that I have never spoken to. Is it alright?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re in love with the feelings when imagining what it be like with him and not
the guy himself. It’s called the Halo eﬀect.
You admire the person because of his appearances and if you met him, you will
not see any red ﬂags if there were any because you will be soley focused on the
fantasy about him, the emotions you feel about him than knowing who he is.
“feel that he actually looks cute and handsome..”
Nothing there about his values, his personality, how you got to know him, his
character etc. Just about his looks.
You are objectifying. Funny thing no one mentioned it but when a guy says he
saw a woman who is..
“So gorgeous, amazing ass and cute face,” we get screams “OBJECTIFYING! She’s
not a product. She’s not a property. Blah blah yada…yada.
You’re seeing an object not the whole of a person. You’re seeing his appearance,
his look…”cute and handsome.”
That’s chemicals for you. Infatuation.
The more you build on the fantasy, the more sexual tension, the more anxiety, the
more stress and the more you got to release these emotion somehow.
This is how society has been conditioned.
You see someone you like but because women and men are socially conditioned
to believe in the social norm way, the way that is favourable by society, the way
that avoids you getting judged, ostracised by onlookers you…do nothing.
Fear.
You’re doing that by seeking his proﬁle and looking at his photos instead because
it is much easier to fantasize.
It’s not like reading 50 shades of grey and no one knows you’re reading it. It’s not
like romance novels where a woman is pinned onto a wall he rips the shirt oﬀ her
to see her breasts and suckles her erected nipples, as she then proceeds to go
down on him, WHILE ON THE TRAIN lol.
You can experience all this in romance novels, movies and know you can get
exciting, feel the enthralling exciting pulsating ﬂow throughout your body as
your legs quiver and no one….will…ever know your dripping wet and this is what
you so want to happen in your mind and body.
You can experience it all, feel horny, bite your lips and feel the pulsating tingle
between your legs…without…anyone knowing.
Yes, we men know, most women do not take risks with dating. They haven’t the
backbone to do so because they feel they will lose much more if they did and
expect men to approach.
Like we’re still in cave era where men are the hunters and women sit around
waiting for the meat to be delivered.
The solution is take action with an understanding and maturity that you don’t
know this guy. You’re not in love with him. You’re in love with an idea. You’re in
love with the feelings it all creates.
So you just simply say hello and have a chat.
“Hi.”
Start there and sit next to him.

Next time, when you see him, smile and say hi. If you’re brave enough, talk.
The next time you see him, wave and smile and say hi. Do the same thing again.
The next time you see him again, sit next to him and talk.
“Hey there. I see you often but I never really had a chance to introduce myself.
My name is……” and put your sexy hand forward and smile, as you bite your lips
and ﬂutter your eyebrows. Compliment him on whatever.
Most of us men won’t compliment because we cannot be assed with the bullshit
anymore. You know, compliment women and..
“OOoooh he’s a player. He just wants my body.”
So say hi…
And let the ﬂirting session begin, lead it to exhange numbers and you will talk to
go out for a drink together. Be upbeat. Talk positive. Say nothing about ex
relationships and past relationships, and negativity about sex, men, romance etc.
Be fun, light hearted. Leave a good impression and don’t forget to get his number
and he gets yours. Tell him, “call me.” Some guys are thick about these things and
so are some women too. They get the phone number and still ask questions like….
“Do I call him? Shall I wait?”
Well, what message you want to give? You’re a play hard, not interested in the guy
and just did it to feel good or to show you’re interested, which you will then call
him.
I am sharing this with you because….one woman did that with me. I was very
impresssed by her conﬁdence. She was very attractive so when she told me she
seen me a month ago and everyday she saw me on same tube train. I didn’t
wonder why she waited that long because I know why.
I know how it is in this world we live in.
I knew women who liked me and didn’t tell me until 20 years later. It was too late.
I am not the man they think I am. They fell for the idea not the man.
I live in London so imagine, big city, of 8 million+ people and I decide to one day
move to a new area.
I’ll be catching a diﬀerent train now.
She won’t see me again.
When you see someone you are attracted to, take action immediately. If you don’t
it adds more stress. It deﬂates you. It haunts you. You will always wonder what if.
I kmow how that feels because years ago, I was like that and the memories still
haunt me. That I didn’t have the balls to approach. It was all there in front of me
but I did nothing. But I am a diﬀerent man now. I am a “I don’t give a fuck” type
of man and I do approach.
For me, the most amazing thing human beings can do and which so many have
stopped doing due to having their mobile phones in their face is saying, “Hi.”
World has become this scary thing and it doesn’t help when most of us project the
fear in telling people don’t approach in street, tube train, bus, blah blah. It
becomes part of the problem.
These opportunities come and they go, and you probably never see the person
ever again. Staring at the person, fantasizing about the person is only going to
increase your own anxiety, own stress just makes you feel down.

The real deal is much better than fantasy.
When you approach and even if one rejects, you’ll be hit for a bit but remind
yourself, that you did what most unwilling to do.
That you took charge of your life and you smile because you did with a skip. You
have now set yourself apart from the crowd who are intimidated, scared and
insecure about what they desire in life.
We don’t always get what we want.
Attraction is not a choice. Love is.
Attraction is chemicles kicking oﬀ and it is instant, kabooooom!
Love however is a choice in which we chose to be with the person, overlooking
their ﬂaws, celebrating the good we see in the person, wanting them to have
happiness but also if we don’t get respected…we decide to also move on.
Love is a choice.
It is not enough because we need other things like experience, wisdom,
knowledge, relationship management understanding, maturity, social skills,
forgiveness, compassion and also self respect in setting our own boundaries.
You’ll never know until you step out of the crowd and take charge of what you
want..and…go for it.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my boyfriend refuse to stop ﬂirting with other girls?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jul 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you cannot change people. This is the thing with dating. You see a guy
who does that and you probably already know he’s like that but what happens is,
some women want to play mummy.
Fixing the guy to be the guy they so want.
In Disney movies, Hollywood, Bollywood, romance novels, it will work but in real
life it doesn’t.
So what do you do in real life?
We take self responsibility for who we date and decide what our boundaries are,
what line is to not cross and forget blaming others for our situation. He is who he
is and he has been this way before he met you.
Maybe you didn’t see that because of the Halo eﬀect.
You know, the traites women go for, the good looks, the conﬁdence, or whatever.
You see these things and infatuation kicks in. So when a person doesn’t look deep
enough, they put someone on a pedestal and then wonder why someone is who
they are.
Also when a person doesn’t have a lot of experiences the red ﬂags just don’t pop
out as much. They are there but one has other inﬂuences kicking in.
Or they so into the person they don’t have boundaries and continue to be with
such people because they probably feel fear loss. Probably worried of losing the
guy or girl. It happens a lot and that’s why you see on Quora many times..
“He/she cheated on me 3 TIMES…what should I do?”
Like once isn’t enough. Twice isn’t enough. THREE TIME and still the person is
asking what to do.

Now you see who he is.
What is your boundaries?
That’s what you need to ask. Not why he does it. He does it for whatever reason.
I’m not going to judge him for it. I don’t know who the fuck he is. I don’t know
how he approached, what mannerism he projected, what he framed in the
approach and the rest of the picture.
I’m not saying to know because the real issue is lack of boundaries.
If we don’t like something, we DO have a choice.
Either set boundaries, talk with the person and if they are unwilling or keeps
doing it, well, they can then fuck oﬀ out of our lives.
So know your own boundaries.
Communicate these boundaries in a calm and polite manner.
That it hurts you to know and see him ﬂirting with other women and you don’t
want him to do that.
And if he says no and if he still does it, then show you’re serious about what you
stand for, what you believe and who you are.
If he walks, then hey…plenty of guys who will love, I mean, love to date you, be
with you, and are compatible with you in regards they got similar attitude as you,
and who know it hurts you if they they ﬂirt and so they won’t do it.
Know your boundaries and communicate with him. It is irrelevant why he does it.
You have boundaries and so, the question is will he respect them or not. If not
then now you decide.
To either live with it or move on.
It is a lot easier than trying to ﬁgure someone out or hope they change, or trying
to change them.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

In a relationship, is compatibility more important than love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love and Compatibility are diﬀerent but very close together.
Love is about feelings.
Compability is an attitude. It is a process where lovers are willing to work towards
each other’s happiness. They agree there are some diﬀerences like common
interest, culture, even sexual desires.
One may be very sexual while the other is not as much but they come to a
common purpose where they can overcome these diﬀerences which brings them
closer because their feelings for each other is deeper than these diﬀerences.
This comes with a lot of maturity, understanding, knowledge and experiences.
This doesn’t mean the person loses themselves. They are still the same person
but together they work with a positive attitude towards each other’s happiness.
They become one and yet they are individuals with their own desires, fears,
hopes, goals and aspirations.
So compatibility isn’t about interest, education, wealth, assets, culture, religion.
Much of these are social constructs like culture, religion, social norms, customs
and even the misunderstanding about compatibility.

If lovers feel they cannot work together i.e. they haven’t the attitude and believe
in the process then best to seperate, move on.
For example, I’m not monogamous and so if I meet a woman who is, I won’t date
her. It just brings a lot of drama for me and I am not going to explain who I am
and why, what and how. That is for the person to go and educate themselves.
I like dating multiple woman and so if a woman believes in the fairy tale, religion
and much of the traditional social norm stuﬀ….I walk away. We are not
compatible and I am unwilling to have the attitude to embrace the process of
working it out together. There is nothing to work out. I am going to try and
impress, win her over and try to change mind. Instead I move on.
It doesn’t matter how attractive she is. I just know from experience it’s going to be
far too much work and far too much drama.
Love is not enough.
It never will be.
There can be many frictions like I meet a woman and ﬁnd she’s religious, comes
from cultural background where you can’t be with a man on her own, cannot date
and believes waiting to get married ﬁrst before sex. It’s not going to happen with
me. I am going to move on.
Or she is insecure about her sexuality. The moment we meet she is already
questioning about why would I date her, how can a man like me like someone like
her. Or she is negative about my sexuality and she dangles sex like a carrot, or
plays hard to get, or talks about her ex and she’s not over him. Or she believes in
monogamy and does not want me dating other women.
It’s not going to happen with me. I will move on.
Too much friction and I’m not going to apologise for what I believe in. Nothing
wrong with how I live and nothing wrong with how she lives. It’s just not for me.
I’m not a teen anymore kissing ass to impress a girl.
There’s more to life than women. Lots more. Contrary to belief and assumptions
of those who read my answers - I have a greater purpose, goals, dreams and these
satisfy me, to be so focused. So I don’t NEED women in my life but want to enjoy
company of women in a more romantic, sexual and intellectual too.
So love is not enough.
If there’s friction like this then we are not compatible.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in love with a Muslim girl but she can't have a boyfriend
because of her religion. Should I hope that it may someday
change?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Walk away.
She is not hurting you with her decision. You are hurting yourself. No one is
doing anything to you. You are doing it to yourself.
This is coming from a guy who comes from the Muslim community. I’m Arab and
I know a lot about the community I come from and I have been living in England
for years. Since I was a teen. I am in my 40s.
I would NEVER date a Muslim girl because it just not worth the amount of hassle.
I’ve seen this far too often.

They are not allowed to date, to stare at a guy, to touch, kiss, be in the same room
of a guy who is not the husband or relative.
She knew that from day one but then the logic kicked in. The years of
conditioning. The years of belief, customs, traditions, religions and GUILT kicks
in. The rituals, the ongoing conditioning about bad girls and good girls is all
around her at home, within community, and so she will always be scared to take
that step further.
Suddenly she realised what if family ﬁnds out, friends ﬁnd out, and the shame on
the family. Oh shit, they will think she’s this and that.
She just wanted to taste some and nothing else but that.
You walk away because…the amount of fucking drama that comes with it is just
too much. This is a community that’s steeped in religion, cultures and yes, girls
who do date guys and guys who do date girls secretly….. BUT when it comes to
marriage, when it comes to other people knowing….forget it!
Yes, racism also exists, even when the religion says it shouldn’t. So you got that
too if you ain’t Arab or whatever race she is from.
She has a lot to lose in her mind.
1. You can promise her whatever but we know don’t we, from experience
that so many profess love. But when all is done, that feeling goes away
and then the real work is done. So a guy can walk away and back to his
life, his family but she, can’t.
2. She will face hardship from her parents. She will probably fear hurting
her mum and dad which will cause roit with her conscious and make her
feel guilty. She will worry about what if you leave her and then she’s
totally screwed. She will worry about what the community will say. She
will be worried about getting ﬂown to some country to get married if her
parents found out.
3. Then you got the secret meetings with her. You can’t walk with her hand
in hand in front of people. It’s like a secret covert operation! Like secret
spy agent working undercover on mission she doesn’t believe is going to
go any further than a kiss. You can forget her pussy and ass, and tits. It
ain’t going to happen EXCEPT if she’s a girl who has her own mind, who
is strong in her love for the guy. Strong enough to leave home, the city,
far away and so you will need too. Strong enough that even if a guy leaves
her….she is doing it for herself and social freedom kind of thing.
4. Imagine if she is stronger than all this but now consider this….what if
things did kick oﬀ with you and her? You moved away, far away from the
city her relatives are at and community. Hidden, gone and you one day
hav your own family together. What then? I know what it is like. I have
seen what it can do. Even with people who are very strong, they feel a
loss of connection, a feeling of something they wish they could have, to
see their mum…dad…sisters…brothers and letting their own children see
a long line of history ﬁlled with other neices and nephews.
See how this now impacts not just you, not just her, but children. It’s sad
but it happens and believe me, not many men or women, are as strong as
I am. I went through all that and I am still standing strong. You have to
be a bad ass fucker to do that and so does the woman. You have to believe
in yourself way more than most ever will, You have to let go of your
children seeing the rest of her family. That’s what will haunt her later on
and so it be with you.
As an Arab, from personal experience, I had to face the social

conditioning in western society, the labels, the games, the social norms
crap, the traditions, labels, the ongoing hints…signals and battle of the
damn sexes and you’re like in middle wondering what the hell is going
on.
Then you got the arab world which is very cultural, steeped in
superstition. Then you got the Muslim world ﬁlled with religion,
traditions, customs and rules of it’s own.
Three worlds with own belief systems, own traditions, own social norms,
own fallacies, myths and rules. You got to stronger than an average man.
You got to be one son of a bitch who can take all on like you don’t give a
fuck while being loving, compassionate and forging on how some human
beings are. You can’t get angry at the world, at her and at then sitiuation.
You jusy got to know what you’re getting yourself into and realise it’s a
rollercoaster ﬁlled with drama.
Some succeed but many crumble and go back home or are alone because
they are now isolated. The world can be unforgiving due to all these
rules.
If you cannot handle this…walk away
When you want to date someone, you must evaluate the following..
A) The frictions. Compatibility issues but not as most know it. If there’s too much
friction then forget logistics. Walk away.
B) Logistics i.e. solving problems with meeting, dating, seduction etc.
What you got is a lot of friction. It’s not something small but huge. You look at the
friction level and think, “forget it.”
That’s what I do.
Frictions can be anything, like she’s religious, which by the way she isn’t. She
knew from day one and she wanted a taste but what happened is logic kicked in.
The insecurities, the fear, guilt and worrying of the repercussions.
She don’t know you to suddenly screw her reputation for a guy who for all she
knows, might get what he wants…and…then dump her when hard time comes.
She has a lot to lose.
Friction can also be age diﬀerence.
Let’s say I met a woman, she looked like she is 25 years old but I ﬁnd out she is 15.
I have to walk away. I love women, love sex, horny as hell but I’m not stupid. You
got to look out for the frictions.
You will ﬁnd yourself to rationalise why she is doing this and that but his has to
do with emotions. It’s fear and tons of insecurities that can pull her back and
leaving you also back where you started…with…nothing.
Friction can also mean a whole lot of insecurities, her mindset, her thinking.
Example is when I was talking to an Arab girl online but what she shared, put me
right oﬀ. I just cannot stand women who talk like victims and women who talk
about other guys, and lots of fear talk.
So from her being sexy, attractive, it went downhill for me. I suddenly saw
ugliness. I saw unattractiveness. Attraction went from 100% to zero in a matter of
a few conversations. and when it does, I am gone. It’s done. Bye, bye.

Frictions can also mean the woman is mongamous but I don’t believe in
monagamy. It’s not for me. It feels unatural for me and she cannot stand me
dating someone else. Therefore, I walk away.
You have tons of friction and so, you can forget the future like dating,
relationship etc. Forget logistics. Friction has shown that it ain’t going to happen
and if it does, a whole lot of drama is coming your way which not only impacts
you, but her family, and your family too!
You can’t go out in open to date. You can’t walk around city centre like couples. It
will be like a secret agent covert operation and even if together for the long haul
she has to move far away from the community.
I know, I have been there and I couldn’t last a week never mind a relationship
with all that crap going on.
Don’t shoot the messenger.
I’m known to say it as it is without sugar coat things up. It is what it is. See the
world not how you want to see it but how it really is.
Yes, it’s a fuck up. That fuck up was there long before you and I was born with
decades of social conditioning.
Walk the hell away.
You don’t realise the shit storm that’s about to come. I do. I have seen it. I have
seen what it can do. I have seen people marry and break up because of this. The
pressure is huge that in the end, it breaks the relationship.
I have seen families from both sides hate each other and ﬁghts break out. I have
seen how it puts pressure on the relationship in ways you can’t imagine. Women
ﬂow with mood and so she be up and down, because these events will happen
consistently and always reminded by everything around her.
It’s worse when the one you’re into is unwilling to risk or they go oﬀ to changes
their mind. So, the other friction is..she…can’t make her mind up.
Hell no. You don’t even bother because if she is like this right now, what do you
think she be like when the shit hits the fan?
I have met women just like that and because I have years of experience, been
there, it doesn’t take much for me to walk away right there and then. I know the
pattern. It’s the same over and over again.
One minute she’s into you and a week later, she be talking full of shit about how
she must practise her faith, how she is religious, how she follows the Quran. Yeah,
whatever. I know the real deal. It’s guilt, fear of losing respect from mummy and
daddy. Social pressure in a huge scale.
One day I am kissing the girl, eating her out, banging away and few days later..
“I can’t meet, I am following the religious blah blah.”
“Ok” I say, as I am about to walk out to meet my next date.
Don’t be surprised. Experience has taught me a thing and two.
It’s like you see it coming already and so you create options while the sad fucks
who chase one girl, putting her on a pedestal, have already created a movie in
their minds about marriage, children, house with a picket fence to ﬁnd life isn’t
Disney or some Bollywood Movie.
She be back and forth and the drama would do your head in, you might hate
women for the rest of your damn life and it has nothing to do with how women
are. This is social construct and it has been with us before you and I was born.

You don’t embrace any religion because of a girl.
You do it because you believe in whatever you are embracing. No woman is worth
that. No man either. Islam is a way of life and it’s far too good for me. I love
women, want to date, love music and so everything I do, is against the laws and
beliefs of Islam.
Mostly everything I like to do, the religion is against it. It is prohibited.
That’s how it is and I am not going to give up on what I’m doing and that doesn’t
mean someone coming to me advising me either about Islam. So be warned, any
who do…. keep your opinions to yourself regarding what I believe. Including how
I love sex, date multiple women. I faced bigger challenges than some individual
telling me what I am. Small ﬁsh compared to what most of us had to face to live
the life we wanted to live.
So she got to face two worlds.
The world she is in it that is religion, culture, traditions and then she got to also
face the social construct western world of social norms favoured because
“everyone says so”. Where girls fear being ostracised, judged, labelled as sluts, too
easy and whores.
Then people wonder why women don’t approach men and why men fear
rejection.
Take it as a lesson, know the friction, respect her wishes and move on.
If she is already giving some reasons, if she already showing signs of walking
away, you can forget it. There is too much at stake for her.
Move on. Let her go.
34.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl ask for a break up will she ever come back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, I hope not because I would have moved the hell on than pining over her.
Probably already dating someone else.
But to your question..and I’m going to assume you’re guy.
It happens but it is based on many factors:
1. She dates some people, realises “Oh shit I left a guy for all this crap?” So
after getting hurt a few more times here and there, she might realise
what she lost but…she might not either.
2. She stays in touch but makes you like some standby, desperate chump
and she knows you’re into her, so she will play you. As you put your life
on hold which by the way no guy with self conﬁdence would do. He’d be
out there already aproaching and dating someone else.
3. Her biological clock is ticking and now she has had her fun and wants
stability value instead of lover fun exciting value. Then she probably
become like most women, pretending she was so diﬀerent, so wise, so
innocent, never fucked a guy after guy and gave a blow job. Probably
complain why guys go for younger girls, when really she didn’t give a shit
about such guys until now, when she’s getting to be 35 years old.
Probably advise, not to approach women in streets, supermarkets, blah
blah because it’s not something you do (roll eyes)
So it depends on many factors

One of the biggest is her own resources is diminishing or you have become
atttactive, challenging and women are pursuing you. You’re making things
happen and she is hearing it from someone else.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

In the opinion of those who use microphones in their careers,
what do you think of the Blue Yeti USB microphone?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was very dissappointed at ﬁrst.
It greats on video reviews but everyone is going to be diﬀerent because the
quality will also depend on some factors which I found out..
1. Is your room bouncing lots of noise? Forget getting a pop ﬁlter over the
Blue Yeti micropone. Instead you need to ﬁnd a way to reduce
background noise. You need to get some kind of cheap booth around the
microphone to reduce sound bouncing back to then microphone from
walls, other furniture etc.
2. If you are in a big room which means big space and more echo sound,
frequence and background sound being picked up - then - move into a
smaller room. That’s if you have a smaller room. Try to remove as many
stuﬀ you can out of the room like tables, cupboards.
3. Get an arm stand which you can connect to the table so you can attach
the blue yeti microphone, so you can now lift the microphone oﬀ the
table to not pick up computer noise background fromthe table.
Other Options..
Instead of getting the Blue Yeti with USB, get the Yeti that has open socket under
it that you can plug a lead into. That way you can use a external devise called a
mixer.
The reason is, you want to really avoid getting the computer and mic to do that
heavy work. Instead you want a seperate devise like a sound card or a mixer and
control the sound coming into the computer when using the upgraded Yeti
microphone version.
So I would prefer to use the Yeti that isn’t USB and increase quality of sound
coming from the microphone even more.
That way, you can move the microphone away from the table, put it on a mic
stand, then have some kind of sound proof booth you to going around the
microphone.
Having a good mic is not enough. You need to take care to control the sound
background noise, the bouncing sound oﬀ the walls, ceiling and walls. As well as
sound from your computer. Make sure you increase quality going into whatever
computer and software you are using.
Blue Yeti looks great but sound was dissappointing until I made those changes.
That’s when it really shined through.
503 Views

How can I restore the desktop icons on Windows 10?
Adam Taha, I use windows 10
Answered Jul 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has the desktop dissappeared too and you get lots of apps on your screen?
You need to turn of the tablet mode.

1. Go to the bottom of your screen, where the speaker icon is. You see right
at the end an image that looks like a keyboard.
2. Click it and boxes will come up. Click on tablet mode and you get your
screen back and desktop.
Here’s video how to…

7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my ex-boyfriend still willing to hug and kiss me on the
lips whenever we part after meeting up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you haven’t set boundaries.
He broke up with you and you’re still kissing, like lovers.
1. He thinks he can
2. You let him continue doing it
3. Because you are still hung up on this hope you’ll get back together.
The word is “WE…… always end up kissing.”
By your own choice, you didn’t sort out the boundaries.
Look. If you still want to meet him, ﬁne. Nothing wrong with that. I personally
don’t bother with ex-girlfriend. I cannot be assed with it, there will never be “I
hope” with ex-girlfriends because I move on.
It’s not about insecurities. I just cannot be assed with it.
However, if you want to still meet, then do so without this hope of getting back
together. If you’re meeting for that then best not to meet at all and hang out
anymore. This is your life, life is short and when you hang around guys then you
do not leave room for someone who wants to date you.
You’re putting your life on hold.
If you see him as just a friend then set boundaries if you truly know you’re just
friends.
No more intimacy like kissing for starters.
Don’t spend too much time hanging out with him. No more lots of texting, phone
calls and kissing, so you let him know, it is over. It is not going anywhere and you
got a life of your own.
You educate him where the line is.

I always educate people where then line is. I don’t expect or assume they know
and that is how people cannot fuck about with you .
This then is not just with your ex but can work wonders for your whole life in
general. Set boundaries. Have standards in you life. Let people know where you
stand, where the line is or they’ll just do whatever they fuck they want.
Human nature. People, not all, but most people, give them the chance and they
will take whatever they can. Some of us care, mature, responsible but some don’t
give damn about you. They will take…take…take.
Most guys who ﬁnd out woman is still bothering with ex and kissing to back oﬀ
from you. They will not even bother with taking interest, approach or date her.
Too much baggage. You’re still emotionally attached to the guy. It’s going to be
too much work and there’ll be back and forth.
Even if you’re walking with a guy, most guys will assume the guy is your
boyfriend and won’t approach you. Few will who are very conﬁdent,
So set boundaries with him and be ﬁrm with these boundaries. Or they are just
words.
Personally, I’d move on. He’s fucking about, with meeting and kissing. Next it be
sex and then what? You’re in a situation and you don’t know what you both are
and end up being a fuckbuddy. It then gets complicated because there are no
terms, boundaries, an understanding due to fear…of…loss.
Nothing wrong with friends with beneﬁts. Nothing wrong with sex. Nothing. I
like it. Love it and I don’t apologise to no one about sex and being sexual.
But….I like a clear cut understanding between me and the women I am with.
Whatever the relationship, I want every woman to know where we stand.
Even if a woman ﬂirts, I will want to know where I stand.
Yes I put women on the spot and that is how I know if she is ﬂirting for just fun, or
ﬁucking with my head for her own ego, or for status, or showing oﬀ, or to feel she
can get a man’s dick hard to attract and do nothing OR…she truly desires me.
It’s such a simple principle and yet, people don’t do it because they have an
agenda. They fear loss. They fear losing the girl/guy. They fear the person might
not like them anymore. They fear that connection they had will dissappear.
They want that feeling they had with the person, those heighten feelings, that
boom boom feelings not really the person they are back and forth with.
Time to set the record straight.
Draw the line and let him know this is the line and politely, to not fucking step
over it or your both done in being friends.
Put him on spot, “Do you want to get back together? I like to know where we
stand because we kiss etc etc. So tell me what are we?”
Don’t be afraid. Challenge him because you ain’t fucking around anymore. You
want to know where you both stand.
30k Views · View Upvoters

Are guys less likely to approach a girl if she's with another guy
who's not her boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, most guys won’t approach a girl if she’s with a guy. He doesn’t even have to
be some big guy either. The reason why is this..

1. Most guys already fear rejection.
2. So on top they don’t want to also feel an increase in feeling awkward.
3. They’ll assume he is your boyfriend, even if he is just a friend or brother.
Much of it comes from social conditioning, social norms and rules.
It’s pretty impressive for a guy to approach when a girl is with someone. It shows
he’s very conﬁdent and he is very interested in the girl, and most of all he isn’t
afraid to overcome some challenge to say so.
So yes, most guys will assume the guy is her boyfriend and will less likely to
approach. They might look, stare, even stand near by but they won’t approach the
girl.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do all my dates become frustrated after a few weeks? My
mates say I never “take action.”
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re too slow with escalating. Way too slow. Stop looking for cues like you’re
still seeking acceptance and validation.
Women like to be desired and yet you didn’t show this within 2–3 weeks. Instead
you’re staying in your comfort zone which is triggered by socially conditioning. It
that comes from your upbringing, environment and perception regarding dating.
You’re lucky it went for 2–3 weeks. Attraction doesn’t last long and most women
are hoping you get a move on and show you desire them.
Most women haven’t the backbone when it comes to dating. I don’t care if they
shout and all that here. It is what it is.
Most don’t approach men and lead the process of dating because of social
conditioning, the fairy tales, myths, the movies, magazines, upbringing,
enviroment and their own insecurities…
“Oh does he just want my body, just for sex?”
“Is it into me or my personality?”
“Will he think I’m too easy, slut, whore if I go for the kiss?”
“How does he deﬁne me with people I know and in my world.”
You know, the shit most women don’t want to admit but it’s there and years of
experience, psychology, science, and lots of approaching over years helps me to
cut through the bullshit.
Women, don’t take much risk when it comes to dating except if she’s had enough
of the crap with social norms, traditions and feeling guilty about her sexuality
because mummy/socieity, mainstream media/environment has told her….good
girls don’t do this and that. Only bad, bad girls do that.
Then it’s about how they are seen by their social world, other people and that
includes the guys.
Sad part, most don’t know the diﬀerence between love and sex. That you can
enjoy having sex with someone else without love. Something society are not
taught but conditioned to believe that if there is no love, if there is no
relationship and even marriage, then it’s something bad, and only for bad people,
players, assholes, sluts, whores, blah blah fucking blah.
It’s become more relaxed over the years but the conditioning is loud, hidden, can
be seen and heard, with people vomiting out what they THINK is their truth, but

really it is a perception that has been socially conditioned in them over the years.
From childhood and it never stops.
It is very rare to meet women who had enough of the bullshit and take action.
Most still hint, send signals, doing things in a save way and then expect man to
know their cues.
I don’t bother looking for cues and do what I want, and make sure the woman I
am with is in same level of mindset. Can’t be assed with the bullshit anymore and
I don’t tolerate it either.
So I attract women who see life, dating, social dyamics and other perspectives in
the same way I see. Or close enough. I date the conﬁdent, the secure, social
freedom mindset, sexual and behaves sexual and with a middle ﬁnger at social
norms.
Before we’ve even dated….we already escalated on the phone and if it doesn’t
happen on the phone, I won’t be meeting. First I qualify and know for sure what
man she is going to be dating and I want to make sure in the approach ﬁrst, then
text and then on the phone.
I am doing so for her to show she’s interested in me because I’m no way in hell
going to meet like most do
By that time I have escalated by capturing her emotions, lead her imagination,
where she is excited, aroused and knows I’m not going to be fucking twiddling my
thumb, sitting at some resturant talking boring small talk crap. It’s going to be an
experience of fun, laughter, and physical touch.
So when we do meet we got that clear and we meet, embrace, kiss, hold hands
and the awkwardiness and all the bullshit most still have is gone.
It is rare for a woman to lead, to do the process I do because most will be worried
how it looks for them. So I take then lead, the responsibility, the risks and if one
doesn’t like it, bye, bye. Go and date someone else. It’s ﬁne by me but no way in
hell I am going to meet face to face with dating like it’s platonic.
You’re taking way too long, in getting intimate with the women you date. It’s too
serious. There is no sexual tension. It’s like platonic!
If they wanted platonic they got tons of guys orbiting around them to be friends
with and guys who hope, the woman dates them.
But the women are with you because they are attracted to you and you need to…
escalate…faster.
The problem is escalation. You’re too slow.
9.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Varun Sharma

I like the guy my friend is going out with, what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can feel whatever you want….
But don’t step over the line.
If you had a friend who liked the guy you are going out with and they started
manipulating, and doing things, what would you think of your friend?
They won’t be friends anymore.
That tells me there is a lack of maturity and rationale thinking. Be aware of your
emotions and make sure you don’t let them steer you to do things that you don’t

want other people do to you.
Don’t get known for interferring in other people’s relationships because you lack
the resources i.e. approaching other guys, due to fear of rejections and like
people, hinder their social inner circle.
You’re inner social circle is something you don’t mess with.
It’s there to nurture.
So you feel whatever, no problem but don’t step over the line. Find someone else
because it be unlikely they are polygamous. If they are then hey ﬁne, then you
can talk but if not, leave it alone.
I ﬁnd people who chase someone else’s boyfriend as desperate, lonely, have a lot
of insecurities with the social world and do not do enough themselves to get their
own life to mingle with many people so opportunity reveals itself to them.
Better you focus on your life, go and mingle with people, attract someone out of
your inner social circle because when you mess with your inner social circle,
you’re done. It be very diﬃcult to gain trust aagain and with social media today,
someone hurt and you done wrong to can easily let everyone know.
Leave it alone.
There are billions of other men on this planet.
874 Views · View Upvoters

I told him a while ago how I felt about him. He said "I'm
ﬂattered but with that been said I'm also substantially older
then you so I couldn't say the same about you. Seems fair."
What is he trying to say?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s not interested.
It’s like these statements:
I’m not ready for a relationship
I’m so busy at the moment
I have a girlfriend/boyfriend
You’re too young
You’re too old
I am ﬂattered but blah blah blah
It means the same thing.
The person is not interested. Rejection but done in a polite way.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to want to start a relationship with someone if you
are not ready for marriage?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dating and being in relationship doesn’t need to lead to marriage. Not everyone
wants to date to marry. I don’t for starters.
I never thought “I will date to get married.”
Even if you think of marrying long in the future but not now, then it’s ok to date.
You just don’t make empty promises due to fear of losing a woman.

I am glad I dated women, been in relationship because I learnt a great deal about
women, a great deal about me, a great deal about how to solve many challenges
which by the way helped me to have years of relationships with multiple women.
One of whom I’ve been with for 16 years and others less.
Many people get married and unprepared. Or they don’t but are in a relationship.
Then they start asking questions.
Then they going nuts and wondering “WTF!”
I dated from a young age and I’m glad I did.
It has helped me a great deal because it provided me deep knowledge and insight
to relationship management with all kinds of situations.
It’s not wrong to date even if you are not looking to get married.
It is immature to even think of dating someone with this idea you’ll marry them.
No one knows what will happen in a week, month, a couple of years.
But deﬁnitely start dating.
You can date and you do not give promises. No one can. You need to get to know
someone ﬁrst and they may not be the one. You may date one woman, and it be
over, then another and it be over, and another and it be over.
Sometimes it is due to lack of compatibility, sometimes you meet some people
who are fuck ups, some very insecure and then on top, the guy himself will have
problems with his own mindset, own lack of experience, lack of skills and insight.
Same goes for most women too.
So date, learn, grow because the ﬁrst woman you date might not be someone you
will grow with and marry. It could be someone else.
If you’re not ready for marriage while dating, then no worries.
It is ﬁne.
Just date. You got a lot to learn. I know I did and I’m glad I started at a young age.
The collective knowledge has enriched relationships I am in but it also enriched
other people who needed real life knowledge.

EDIT..
I assumed when answering that the OP is a man.
Maud…
I’m not going to prat about with he/she, him/her. Reason why I deleted your
comment as it doesn’t bring any value. Got no time for people who get oﬀended
on why I assume one is a man, woman.
Please use the comment section to bring value.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I have a high proﬁle public job and I am 27 years old, why am I
getting hit on by older women who are between 30 and 45? I do
not ﬂirt with them.
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s normal. You’re younger than them, in a job which has social status too,
independant etc cetre. Women will ﬂirt and do so men. Also women ﬂirt for

diﬀerent reasons.
Sometimes men take ﬂirting from women as women taking interest in the guys
but for all one knows, they can do it for a diﬀerent reason.
1. They ﬂirt to feel aroused, excited especially if there’s some risk
2. They ﬂirt to get attention
3. They ﬂirt to see if they still got it to attract men
4. They ﬂirt due to boredom
5. They ﬂirt because they feel intimidated so it reduces anxiety
6. And of course…women ﬂirt because they are interested in the guy
It’s natural. Men ﬂirt too. Not all but some do.
If you don’t like it or feel its in an environment you don’t want it to go further then just set boundaries.
769 Views · View Upvoters

Basically if a random girl came up to you what would you want
her to say to you for you to give her your number or something
like that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Hi” won’t work for me.
“Hey there.” won’t either.
“Yo” deﬁnitely not.
“Hey sexy, I was walking to blah blah and I had to come over to ﬁnd out who you
are. I think you’re cute, hot, fucking dynamite. What’s you’re number.”
Or…
“Hey there, I only got a minute. I know this is a bit forward but I was walking to
bank/shop[/whatever and saw you. I’d kick myself if I didn’t say hi.
And after some intro talk done, you can add…
”Would you like like go out for a drink sometime this week because I really like to
get to know you?”
But that’s me.
I have no time for boring, prudish, blah blah small talk.
Just get to the point because thats what I do, but then again, I also get rejections
but I get some laugh, and some “WTF!” and some “You’re a player aren’t you.”
They don’t matter to me.
The one’s who smile, and say hi back and talk, and give me their number and I
give mine, do.
Here’s the thing…
Every guy is diﬀerent.
Some guys will judge you if you approached like that. Some will be intimidated,
some will not know what the fuck to do and there are some like me, who will
think..
“Now that’s what I’m fucking talking about!”

Every guy is diﬀerent.
So assess what he’s like ﬁrst. Talk, get a feel of who he is in the few minutes of
conversation and then go for it.
261 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a female friend with beneﬁts fall in love with
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way to do that is involve her in your life more and slowly. Don’t push it. There
is a reason why fuckbuddy exists. No more games and all that dating drama,
following social norms nonsense and to just live on one’s own terms i.e. sex
without committment, without drama, without lots of investment and promises.
So don’t expect too much.
Best thing to do is go out dating together, visit places together, do things together
and show that experiencing life with you is something of value she may desire.
You can even talk with her, communicate but listen if she is hesitent, if she pulls
away because she may not want more. So when you see and feel this, back oﬀ and
don’t push it.
You can’t really change anyone.
You can only be who you are and share your world while having the wisdom,
understanding that sometimes people come in our lives for brief moments, some
even shorter and some want to be part of our lives because they want more.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I break up with him, even if we love each other very
much? I can’t be happy without him, and that’s quite a
problem. Should I break up with him to avoid being so
dependent on him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My thoughts is, you’re afraid. You’re afraid that if you let go…you’ll get seriously
hurt. I had many girlfriends like that by the way and it became so frustrating,
because they would later slowly not open up, get cynical, negative, doubting,
questioning to such it became emotionally draining.
Much of what could have been sorted if they didn’t bottle it up and
communicated but also, one needs to understand why they feel insecure.
I like you for a moment to imagine the whole relationship.
So sit somewhere in your home, switch everything oﬀ, even the lights. You don’t
need to close your eyes but you can if you wish.
Then imagine how you met, the process of the events, activities that brought you
to grow together.
Now, I want you to imagine the worst scenerio that can happen,
I mean the worst. The one that you fear the most. Maybe it’s him leaving you.
Maybe it’s him dating someone else. Maybe, whatever it is.
I want you to confront that fear head on and look for the trigger. So play it like a
movie until you suddenly feel that feeling of fear. That’s when you know you have
found the trigger.

So as an example…
Is it that you fear being alone?
Is it that you fear that if he dissappears, he was the best you can do?
Whatever the trigger is, listen, observe and ﬁnd it.
When you do ﬁnd it, then imagine you can handle it. Imagine yourself still
standing. That you feel ok. That you know you have gone through many
challenges in your life already and lived.
You will do so again.
That no one makes you complete and makes you whole.
That you have a life of your own too.
Because let’s face it…..if we think someone else deﬁnes our self worth, our value
then when they dissappear (I’m not saying they will) but just imagine they do,
then you will feel loss. You will feel alone.
You will feel low in self worth because you thought your self worth, your value in
life, that love is about having someone when really, love is about loving one self
and it is this that makes a relationship grow.
And whether this and that happens, one might get hurt but…you can handle it.
You can move on. You have your own life, you know your self worth and it is not
deﬁned by someone else, or job, or status, what other people think, someone’s
approval/acceptance or income.
Why? Because if all these go, then you are left with nothing.
Now, when you ﬁnd out what it is that’s triggering your insecurity, communicate
with your boyfriend. Talk, without drama, crying, shouting, hinting, signals, and
passing judgement on him but to talk, share your feelings so that he knows the
reason WHY not just WHAT but WHY you feel this way.
Next, you come up with a solution that will help you but also not some crazy shit
of texting every hour.
Maybe you just need to talk to him on phone when he’s a way. So call in evening
or so. Maybe some texting. Something in between to help communicate, build on
what you have.
Nothing like going out with friends, hobby’s is going to solve this although this is
something you do anyway in your life for the reason I gave above.
What will is taking the time to ﬁgure out what is triggering your insecurities and
then sit with your boyfriend and communicate. Work together.
Yes, it takes work. That’s what relationships are about - transparency,
communication, never fearing to share one’s own feelings openly with one
another. It also takes work for one to develop themselves, know who they are,
their fears and do their home work.
There are far too many people here on Quora asking questions on what to do,
what it means, does he like me, does she like me, why did she/did say that. That
shows insecurities, fear of rejection or abandonment etc.
One doesn’t need to ask anyone else when they need to talk to the person, when
they need to go to the source of who to with i.e. the person they like or in
relationship with.
Most just don’t have the right attitude, the maturity, experience and wisdom.

Relationship is about attitude.
It is a process but for your boyfriend to know there is a process…he needs to hear
what you feel and what is the challenge. Then both of you, if both are willing, can
design a process towards a common purpose.
It doesn’t have to be something big.
It can just mean in between communications like talking on the phone twice a
week or so. It could mean when together to talk more, go out more together,
enjoying quality time together. It can mean something else.
That’s for you both to ﬁgure out.
Such a process can fuel more excitement, intimacy, trust and most of all, take
your relationship to another level.
For now…
Figure out what triggers your insecurities and then communicate with your
boyfriend. Don’t bottle it up inside and also don’t create drama, like hinting,
sending signals snd thinking he should know how you feel.
It’s best to communicate openly because we cannot read minds.
Now if he cannot handle it, well, now you know he’s not the one to invest more
time with and you need to prioritise more. If he believes he can….then he is
serious about you and wants to work with you together on the process.
Trust yourself, know you can handle whatever comes.
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ﬁnd if a guy is interested in you?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jul 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You go up to him and you let go of all the bullshit subtle hints, signals and smile,
followed by..
“Hey there, I only got a minute but I just wanted to ask if you’d like go out for a
drink sometime this week?”
And if he says, “Yes,” he’s interested.
If he says…
Thanks I’m ﬂattered but I already got a girlfriend
Oh I am so busy, working and blah blah
I’m not ready for serious relationship
Then he is not interested in you.
So…

:)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lizzy, Julien Gabuya, and 3 more

I asked this girl if she still wanted to go out and she said "yea".
When I asked for her number she said she'll text me but didn't.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on
She said yeah because she doesn’t want to say no. Girl either doesn’t want to say
no because she doesn’t want to be in an awkward position or face conﬂict.
Or she is playing hard to get.
No matter which one, move on and don’t waste your time with a girl who can’t tell
you her phone number right there and then.
If someone is half assed to just say yeah and not give you their number, then
don’t orbit or wait.
Instead keep approaching other girls because last thing you need is trying to
invest lots of time, eﬀort on one girl anyway who isn’t invested in you and isn’t
exclusive in dating you.
So make sure you approach other girls and don’t be exclusive with anyone of
them nor promise exclusivity until you know she is really into you.
Let her go and approach someone else.
Don’t wait for her.
997 Views · View Upvoters

I'm good at drawing people. How can I make myself draw other
things?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Jul 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everything has form. So study form…shapes.

Best thing to do, is get lots of references and begin understanding their forms.
Not just the shapes but also observe where the light source is coming from, form
the shape with shadows after you do the lines.
My lines a bit messy at moment but I am trying to limit them.

Lots of practising form…shapes and when you do, you’ll be able to draw anything.
So have a sketch book and draw the diﬀerent shapes you see.
The video will help to give more information on why, what and how.
Because of shapes I could draw the drawing you see below very fast. I do a lot of
these. You can see the gesture lines too. It’s all shapes which I cleaned up later on
but you can just see the shapes…

577 Views · View Upvoters

What advice can I give a girl who is starting out in the gym?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For girlfriends..
Girlfriends - I’m going to gym but what you think I should do ﬁrst?
Me - Talk to a coach at the gym. He/she is more qualiﬁed and knowledgable than I
am to help you by asking questions, get to know what your goals and set a diet,
and workout plan for you. :)
Women I know as friends…
—- I have been going to gym and don’t know what I’m doing. Got any advise as
you train at the gym.
Me - Talk to a coach at the gym. He/she is more qualiﬁed and knowledgable than I
am to help you by asking questions, get to know what your goals and set a diet,
and workout plan for you. :)
876 Views · View Upvoters

Should I reject a girl only because she is short?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Since it has got you to type a question out then it bothers you a lot. It will bother
you later on. Let her go. Move on. Don’t feel sorry, pity etc. You will destroy her
life if you marry her and then make this an issue years later.
You know what you got to do. You just don’t have the courage to do so. Find the
courage.
Say no and move on and next time, no matter how nice a woman is, if she lies
aboout her height or something else that is important to you, then stop it right
there and move on.
Men of courage are decisive.
You need to be decisive because since this bugs you, it will always do so later on,
when infatuation gone, when lust is gone…..and this is her life too. You marry and
2 years down line you’re still talking about her height.
You must be from a certain culture in which if a woman marries and divources,
then it be very diﬃcult for her later on. Also years of her life has past. Second,
from what I think, you’re culture is conditioned in a way about marriage in which
divource is frowned on and you only marry once in a sense.
You’re going to make her height a major issue in the future. So do the diﬃcult
part now so you don’t destroy her life. She’ll start emotionally investing a lot and
get attached, which makes it harder.

She’s already going to have a hard time due to her height but she’ll be able to ﬁnd
someone else who sees for who she is from the inside, her personality,
intelligence and smartness.
You are not that guy. That guy won’t post a question on her about her height.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

If I was very successful at dating and making friends in the
past, why is it that 4 years later, I'm ﬁnding myself alone
without love and friends?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jul 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I knew this guy, he loves drawing. He would draw and draw, and people loved his
work. He would share and share his work and he got lots of contracts.
Then one day he got a job as a digital artist and everything now became about
him. Just doing the work for the job he was in.
So his job was his girlfriend.
He knew some friends who are artists too but they were getting busy. Some got
their own girlfriends, others getting married, some got jobs outside the country
etc.
He made his job the centre of attention and he got too comfortable. Thinking his
friends will always be there like his job would.
I kept saying to him..
“Dude. Get your shit out there.Keep building your social network. Make sure
you keep in touch with others. Look, there’s a new convention for digital
artists in your home town. Go and meet new people, make new friends etc..”
But no.
He was so in love with his girlfriend (the job), that as time went by, his resources
got smaller and smaller. He never went out. From job and back home. Maybe
some drinking in the weekend at some bar or pub, or night club.
One day, his job went and he suddenly realised, he was back to where he was from
day one except he did have skills in drawing, digital etc but so did many people.
Many who had resources, kept making contact with others, kept sharing their
work, had lots of backlog of companies who wanted them if they left their other
jobs.
So this is what you did too.
You thought your girlfriend was LIFE, the centre of attention of your life - and you forget the lesson that got you the friends, the women, the fun etc.
It’s why I say..
“When you learn something, never let it go. Keep at it.”
Also..
“Don’t make life just about you. Take interest in people, go and ﬁnd your
community, engage, be part of the world..”
Most guys stop seeing friends and other girls as friends because their girlfriend
feels insecure. That their girlfriend doesn’t like their friends, doesn’t like the girls
their boyfriend talks with.
She’s controlling. She’s possessive.

She’s doing what she thinks she can and she knows she can with whoever the guy
she feels is timid, passive and puts her pussy on a pedestal. A guy who fears
losing her. We like to say this person is this and that.
This person was like that before they met us and we are like this before we met
them, and so whatever social masks, fears, insecurities, perception we have will
play in our life and put us in the position we dislike or like.
The guys became passive, fucking timid and let their insecurities and controlling
of their girlfriend dominate their social life.
The result?
Limiting their resources to zero.
Then they wonder why, when I was having all this in past and now I don’t.
Or it be that their friends got busy, got girlfriends, got married, got families, ﬂown
away and so, again…you need to build on your social network, keep doing so.
Keep being proactive than staying in the comfort zone.
Things don’t just dissappear.
They don’t also appear just like that.
Like money. Like job. These are not the secrets. These are the feedback of our own
mindset, our behaviour and our consistency in doing the right actions in our
social life.
You’re resources have gone because of that.
So now start doing what you used to do and this time, never let the lesson go.
Find your community, get engaged, participate, focus on what you’re into and
reach out to people, get to know people all over again.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do most guys talk ﬂirty to other girls even if they have a
girlfriend or they are married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes most men do. So do most women. Married, in a relationship or not in a
relationship.
Most men and women ﬂirt for many reasons and nothing wrong with it either.
You just don’t step over the line. Don’t blame other person. Set your own
boundaries and follow them.
1. People ﬂirt because it’s fun.
2. People ﬂirt because they bored
3. People ﬂirt because they feel threatened and so to reduce awkwardiness
and hostilitity in the air, they ﬂirt, tease, banter.
4. People ﬂirt for attention. They may want some attention from someone
instead of standing in a corner like they so shy, so “I am alone! so alone!”
It’s like psyching themselves up lol. So they ﬂirt and they ﬁnd
themselves having fun and well, they just ﬂirt to FEEL better and not
alone.
5. And now we got one more…people ﬂirt because they are interested in
someone they are talking too.
So best not look for signals, hints because signals can also mean the person is
nervous and anxiety.

To make sure, you need to be direct if you like the person and if it at work and you
don’t like it…speak up to person.
Or you be like most people, writing questions like “the guy/girl stared at me and
she smiled, but what does it mean.
If you ﬂirt or someone ﬂirting with you, make sure you set boundaries and follow
them.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a man loves you but doesn't want to marry you, what does
that mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means he doesn’t want to be ﬁxed. He’s not a toy. He knows what he wants ad
marriage is not on the cards.
“Oh if he doesn’t marry then that means he will ditch you.”
Bullshit.
It means he is not to be ﬁxed and changed, and for the woman to move on and
ﬁnd someone else who desires marriage.
Many men like myself did not come from a family like most have. Most men grew
up on their own EVEN with being part of a family but the family was toxic. They
have seen mother and father divourced. They have seen parents cheat on each
other. They have seen all their sisters divourced. They have seen their brothers
too.
Some of us have already got married, heard all the “I so love you and will be with
you through thick and thin,” to ﬁnd she drops her pants for some younger guy,
then he dumps her years later and tries coming back when we slammed door
shut.
So some of us men, our perception changes about how the fairy picket white
fence story goes. Some of us have brought ourselves up from a very young age
and within our minds we don’t want to get married
We have tried it and found it’s not for us.
When some women say “Oh it’s because he doesn’t really love you.”
It means we love you but don’t expect a fairy tale story of white expensive
wedding dress and wedding, and all that. It means I love you but I can date others
too, as love is not something you can enslave, force, capture and control.
But it’s also not easy to give. Therefore we know the diﬀerence between lust and
love, infatuation and love.
It can mean we are not monogamous.
I am not monogamous. Monogamy is unnatural for me. It feels very unnatural.
All women I date know this and so they know not to ask for marriage and also for
one partnership kind of relationship.
It doesn’t mean I don’t love the woman. It doesn’t mean I will one day dump her.
It doesn’t mean I will walk away.
Plenty of men who are with women and have not married and they’ve grown old
together. We just do not follow the social norms, traditions and all that
commercialized love and system of marriage, religious rituals and so forth.

So if one desires marriage and other doesn’t, then best you move on. Best you
communicate but without blame, without judgement, without labelling the
person with all sorts of labels and see it as you’re both not compatible.
First have a talk with the guy if this is you asking why the guy you’re with who
says he loves you but don’t want to marry you.
Then take it from there.
I have been dating a woman for 16 years and we’ll be with each other for rest of
our lives. If she does, that’s life. I am wise enough to know people come and go in
our lives and they are not a property, an object or soul mates.
I won’t be walking away from her no matter what other women I am dating says
ut if any do walk away, ﬁne. I will still love them. I have no malice. I have gone
through a lot and learnt, and I am a stronger man for it.
I am very careful who to have relationship with and so it is not an easy decision as
most like to think due to what they read from my answers.
She’s ok with it and so are other women and therefore, there is compatibility.
This took communication, understanding, honesty but most of all wisdom to not
listen and do things because it is the social norm, or worry what friend or
relatives think.
However, if you disagree with him and if you got to get married for the
relationship to go further, and if he says no, then you’re both incompatible.
Don’t try to ﬁx and change him.
It never ends well.
7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it really obligatory for a boy to help a girl by all means?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not. They can go and help themselves. Watch it with such advise because
it will get you in a place you don’t want to be. Putting girls o a pedestal, and being
taken advantage of because you got to help when you don’t need to do a damn
thing.
So no, it is not obligatory for a boy to help a girl by all means.
So whoever is telling you this, don’t take them seriously regarding this advise. If a
girl is saying this to you, she is psychologically seducing you to be a push over,
timid, passive to take advantage of you.
If it is a girl reply, “whatever..” and walk away.
778 Views · View Upvoters

Am I greedy for wanting to be beautiful when I'm already
considered pretty?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jul 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s great you admire your mum and see her as attractive. She is attractive and I’m
sure there’s more to her than her outer beauty.
In regards to what you’re relatives are saying. I would advise to ﬁrst avoid talking
to them about trying to be beautiful like your mum and anything else regarding
dreams, goals and any other aspirations.

People who are insecure love to bring others down to sound authoritarian, to
impress others and to feel powerful by making someone feel small. So this is the
ﬁrst lesson in life - keep things like this close to your chest and just do. Don’t talk
about what you’re doing, why you’re doing it. Just do.
There is nothing greedy about bettering yourself in health, appearances, and
anything else. Like I said, do not talk to people about your desires, your dreams,
goals because as you have experienced - people will advise in a way sometimes
and make it sound it’s wisdom when really it is their own insecurities.
I never told anyone about my goals and dreams until….I achieved them.
The second, if you are doing things to be accepted by others, trying to compare
yourself with someone else including your mum, then yes, it is needy.
Instead, better yourself for you. Don’t compare because such a road leads you
into depression, many fears and you rob yourself of so much more.
I am not saying don’t love your mum. I am not saying don’t admire her. I am
saying, don’t focus just on your appearance. Make sure you learn the
fundamentals in life. Acquire…
1. Social skills
2. Conversation skills
3. And ensure you be disciplined in achieving rather than talking about
what it is you are comparing yourself to, what you’re dreams are…to
other people including your relatives.
So don’t take what you’re relatives say to heart.
Some just jealous. Others plain envy. Others probably don’t have much social
skills. Some just feel shit and want you to feels shit too.
Ignore them but also don’t speak such things to them.
Just do your own thing and do it for the right reasons. You don’t need to say to
anyone and relatives anything.
261 Views · View Upvoters

If the love of your life cheated on you, left you, broke your
heart, and got a divorce would you consider taking her back if
she later wanted to ﬁx things?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight.
1. She cheated
2. Left
3. We divourced
4. And she wanted to ﬁx things to come back?
Oh wait!
That happened. She then came to want to ﬁx things and I said..no.
I do not believe someone else makes me complete. I do not believe someone else
makes my life whole. I don’t believe in the “right one” and “the one.
Grown out of the bullshit Disney eﬀect long long ago.

Sure, I’ll have some feelings which I will see as emotional investment because I
invested a lot but it will still be…no.
I said no to her when she tried. Her friends tried to help her and told them all to
fuck oﬀ out of my life. Others tried but again…no.
Cheating, is number one in my book to never give this person a second chance
with me. I don’t care the reason why, how, what, and all the rest.
Personally, when it’s over, it is over. I move on.
I can love again and I am with other women.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok to talk to other girls while in a relationship? I went on a
date with a girl; she went through my phone and saw texts from
a good friend. She said, "If we get serious, I don’t want you
chatting up other girls," so I paid the bill and left.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You just saved yourself a lot of headache in the future by walking away. Yes, it is
ﬁnd having tons of friends who are women whether you’re in a relationship
already or not. Nothing wrong with that at all.
Forget trying to ﬁx, change someone and all that.
It’s hard enough as it is with life than having to also date someone who is so
insecure, projects past experiences on to someone else and starts showing
controlling behaviour. It’s just not worth it.
First it be about how you’re talking to other girls and how doing so is what
cheaters and players do. It’s all bullshit.
Second, when you be passive, timid, fearing losing her then she will know and
say…”I don’t want you talking to these friends because it leads to cheating,” or ,
“but I thought you love me. Don’t you care about me?”
Third, when you do that, then it be something else and on and on it goes.
So no, it’s not bad to talk to other women when you’re in a relationship with
someone else. Fortunately for you, you cut out a lot of future drama. You also left
quick after paying the bill. Good. Don’t look back.
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a guy changes/avoids topic when talking about my
feelings towards him (almost confessing but not directly, just
casually asking him out etc)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no “almost” when asking a guy out. You don’t “almost” ask a guy out. You
also don’t ask a guy out by asking questions about feelings.
Why?
It doesn’t tell him you’re interested. Instead it makes him uncomfortable because
in his mind it probably go like this…
1. I am not 100% sure if she means feelings as friend or as romantic/dating.
I can’t tell if she’s interested in me in that way.
2. If I say something towards romantic she could reject me. It be awkward.
If I say something else that isn’t romantic, I probably missed chance with

her.
3. Or….he’s not that interested and he’s just avoiding questions regarding
feelings. It’s making him awkward and he doesn’t see you that way.
Guys know women give hints and we also know, that sometimes and most of the
times, we are just conjuring stuﬀ in our heads. That the signals weren’t there at
all. Yes, somethings the so called signals are true but we’ll not know.
So most guys would rather not chance it because they might get rejected and be
in an awkward position with a friend or someone they got to know.
We’ve been there.
“Almost” for most guys in asking them out is not good enough.
Almost is not…direct.
This is direct when asking a man out..
“Before, I wasn’t sure but now I really like to go out with you, get to know you
more. I’m interested in you and like to know if…you..feel the same way.”
It’s honest. It’s authentic. It’s sincere and also there are no mind games of testing,
giving hints and playing safe.
It shows vulnerability.
Forget asking..
“How do you fel about me?”
Insteads rephrase it..
““Before, I wasn’t sure but now I really like to go out with you, get to know you
more. I’m interested in you and like to know if…you..feel the same way.”
You are now being fully honest, telling him how you feel for him. You’re not
playing safe. You’re not trying to prod, asking questions to him so he makes a
move. You’re saying to him, you’re interested.
Now if he is into you and he doesn’t reply with certainty, then it’s his loss.
If he is not interested, he will say. “I don’t see you this way but as a friend.” Then
you have to decide to stay as friends and back oﬀ, or not.
Yes, we know, most women also fear rejection.
So do most men.
Just ask him out. No more questions on feelings but letting him know without be
so serious that you’re interest.
Almost…doesn’t cut it if you want to communicate interest.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get out of the friendzone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Should I continue trying to get out of the friendzone?

Don’t send ﬂowers!
Don’t send anything. You’re spending way too much time with her talking, long
talks and all that. She has insecurity problems. She fears you’ll see her as some
slut, whore, too easy. She doesn’t know what she wants but it will help if you man

up and not be passive, timid and easily pulled in whenever you see her or when
she calls.
You were probably too serious in the beginning, did too much conversation with
each other, looking for commonalities and playing safe.
Investing too much time like platonic.
Afraid of losing the girl. Oneitis. Google “oneitis dating” and you can read more
on it and avoid it. I dont throw out links from reddit or anywhere but this one
explains Oneitis very well for diﬀerent types of guys…
A psychological tip for dealing with oneitis. • /r/seduction
Tell her straight, “Listen. What do you want. I don’t want to be friends. So I’m not
wasting my time with you pretending. You said you don’t want to, it’s not a good
idea, fair enough. Make your mind up!”
Then walk away and approach other girls.
That’s what I do with girls who fuck around with me. They with me and I’m
ﬂirting with other girls and making out, and then they all…
“But..but..”
“What? You said you don’t want to date me. Look it’s ok if you want to hang
around but remember, you said it was not a good idea so chill. What do you want?
Make your mind up.”
And I keep doing my thing. I’m not going to chase girls, win them over but do my
thing. So man up.
Don’t be afraid to lose girls.
Girls need to see you are not going to be some muppet, waiting around for them,
being their emotional support, like a tampon and can be pulled into their drama.
One minute they are into you and next they are not.
Be a challenge. Stop investing in her and no ﬂowers. Instead, show status. Walk
away and approach other girls. Make out with other girls.
Spend MORE time with other girls you date than her. Go and live, be busy and
don’t wait around for her. You’re not her boyfriend and you don’t want to be a
friend. Awesome. Nothing wrong with that man.
So move on and let her go and don’t fall for any of that bullshit talk she probably
do with other guys as well for attention.
She’s psychologically seducing you to be passive, timid, fucking your head up to
be some chump who will chase her, but you don’t chase. You don’t try to win a
girl over with ﬂowers, rings, wine and dine bullshit that most guys do.
You walk away and approach other girls.
Show you got self respect. Show you got options and if she does change her mind,
don’t run to her. You set the pace but don’t play hard to get either. You set the
pace by saying to her to meet you and when she does, assume she is your
girlfriend, pull her towards you, embrace her, kiss her, take her hand and lead.
If she ﬂakes, it’s over for her. Done. No more chances.
You put too much time on her, was too slow and so she is now thinking you’re too
serious and if she takes action quick you might judge her as a slut, a whore, too
easy. So don’t make it serious by sending her ﬂowers.

Instead, when you see her again, say what I said and then walk away. Have some
balls to walk away and do not invest time with her.
And approach other girls.
8.3k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl, but I am afraid of telling her how I feel. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I have feelings for a girl and I want to tell her I love her but I'm afraid I'm
going to get friendzoned. What should I do?

Do yourself a favour. Don’t confess love. Don’t go oﬀ from base 10 when you need
to ﬁrst establish base 1. If you approach in a manner of confessing love, being all
serious then you will make it very awkward for her..and..for you.
Mostly for her because putting all that on a plate in one go works in fantasy land
of most people’s minds, romance novels, hollywood movies but in real life….yes…
in real life…it creeps a person out.
So the ﬁrst thing you need to do is stop putting her on a pedestal.
She won’t be the ﬁrst and nor the last you fall for. It’s part of life. The faster you
learn this and don’t get so hung up on someone you like, and realise you need to
take action fast before you invest so much…the quicker you can move forward or
move on. Never invesr so much time on someone who has yet to show interest
back.
Including talking about love, confessing love and all then bullshit romance
novels, hollywood movies, magazines, romance novels vomit on society with.
You don’t do it because she has not earned it and you haven’t either.
But when you have approached, when she accepts if she does, when you have
dated for months on end, got intimate and physically intimate, and THEN talked
about you loving her, she will have the evidence that it is real.
She will already feel it to be true.
She will see it as it was meant to be.
She will have experienced a process with you.
Don’t slam everything down on someone who has yet shown interest back and
invested into you emotionally and in a romantic way.
Be a man.
Mature.
One step at a time.
And if she rejects….don’t go all mad, and weird. Smile and move the conversation
to something else.
But do not wait for her.
Move on to approach someone else.
21.9k Views · View Upvoters

Are most guys turned oﬀ by short girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, if she’s…
1. Drama queen
2. Plays hard to get
3. Doesn’t know how to smile
4. Can’t ﬂirt
5. Bores the shit out of me with, “all guys think about sex blah blah…”
6. Isn’t fun to be with
So don’t be worried about you being too short.
Be worried if you’re a drama queen, don’t smile, make it hard for a guy to talk
with you. zombie when it comes to ﬂirting and bringing some insecurities into
the equation and assumptions about guys.
So forget worrying about being short.
Focus on having a positive attitude and go out there, smile, have fun, talk, wave,
and be a better…version of yourself. Just go and talk, say hello.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if my boyfriend says we don't have anything
in common?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Did he say it in a joking way or serious way?
If serious then he’s going to be moving on soon. He’s not that into you anymore.
The problem with “in common” or “compatibility” is it’s used as a way to get out
of a relationship.
Compatibility isn’t about interest, education, income, job. It’s an attitude. A
process. It is about lovers willingness to work towards a common purpose. Each
others happiness.
So if one is really serious about someone, mature about what love really is and
what it takes to have a relationship…and…is really into you in a big way, the
person will want to ﬁnd a work to work together.
That’s if the other person also feels the same way.
It doesn’t look like this is going to be so.
The best thing to do is have a talk with him. No one here will really know what he
meant. You need to communicate, not assume anything and talk with each other
calmly.
That’s really the only way and its what mature people do when in a relationship.
They communicate with each other…rather than wondering, thinking and
assuming what someone meant.
Best you know where you stand now rather than later.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

I've been rejected by every guy I liked and it makes me sad to
never experience mutual love. What could be wrong with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You weren’t rejected. You haven’t done anything to show interest in them.
Probably sit there hoping some guy walks over and asks you out.
In your own words..
“By rejecting me I mean they never approach me, never show romantic interest,
never talk to me even though we are colleagues etc. They will only stare or look at
me, but keep away from me.”
Until someone says…
No
Not interest
I’m not looking for a relationship
I’m too busy
etc cetre
Then a guy has rejected you but from what I’m reading in your details…. they
haven’t approached you and you haven’t been proactive either. You haven’t
approached them and being proactive.
Right now, no guy has rejected you.
You have rejected yourself.
Most guys fear rejection. Lots of them do and so you got a choice. You can sit on
your ass being pretty and like most girls, hoping guys approach or be
approachable. Walk up to them, start a conversation, smile, wave.
You’re 28 years old and so you have had years of doing it the same way and it
doesn’t work for you. So change something.
You fear rejection and so do most guys.
So you can wait and wait in the hope the guys will approach or you make a move.
Smile, wave, get up, walk up and say hello.
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why did she block me after our date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you….lied.
In your own words from a comment in one of the answers…
“I kind of lied about my height saying i was a 5″8 when i was shorter. And i
uploaded an old pic of me when i was bigger and i am now skinny. I also lied about
my shoe size saying i was a 7 but really a 5 1/2. Maybe this was it…”
Kind of?
There is no kind of.
You lied. A lie is a lie. There is no kind of lying.
One of things that pisses me oﬀ with dating websites is people don’t just be
honest. They do all this dumb angle photos, upload old photos, and lie about
their height. Sometimes taking photo with other people and I don’t know who is
who.
So you already know why.
You lied.

When she saw you, she had a negative expression on her face for a reason. She
expected to meet the guy in that photo and the description you gave.
She didn’t.
You wasted her time/eﬀort and become part of the problem with dating websites
and apps. Not being up front, real and honest about yourself.
The ﬁrst step and it starts with a lie. It’s important. It’s a big ﬂag for a lot of people
and including me. If someone lies about themselves then they very insecure and I
wonder what else they will be lying about.
Not only that - they don’t take consideration that one takes eﬀort, time from their
life to meet to ﬁnd dishonesty. Not a great start.
I’m not surprised she blocked you.
I’m surprised you’re here asking… here why she blocked you.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do people love body building?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know about other people but I really do respect and admire people who
take care of their health, ﬁtness and physique. I can sit with anyone who does
bodybuilding and we can’t help but talk about it a lot.
I got into body building from being an artist. To be able to draw human form I
needed to be really good at the fundamentals regarding the body of women and
men. So the skeleton, the way they impact the muscle, each part of the body and
to also know how to draw from imagination in diﬀerent posers.
It lead me to body building and since then, I fell in love with it.
The other is the mindset it has helped me to develop and I have become more
humble too. The ﬁrst week I trained I felt pain afterwards and even thought we
know we’re human beings….I humbled me.
It made me think how fragile life is, how you can hurt something tiny and it can
eﬀect your balance. If you don’t take care of your posture it can impact you later
on in life in ways most don’t even know.
It helped me to push myself past the comfort zone.
It’s made me feel and look younger.
It’s a fantastic feeling.
I am not training to be huge and to do so takes a lot of money, committment,
planning, steriods and dedication.
I just want to have good frame, posture, atheletic, lean and look good in a suit.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if the girl you're waiting for isn't worth it?
She says she's not ready to be in a relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2016 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know by this..
1. She says YES after I approached, ﬂirted, conversed, had fun and then
asked, got her number, lead to texting and asked her out. If she doesn’t

say yes immediately when I ask her out…bye, bye. I am moving on.
2. So has shown intent that she is willing to invest time in knowing me in a
romantic not platonic way. If she doesn’t, I’m moving on.
I am not going to work to win her over.
I am not going to spend days, weeks and months in fucking about being pals,
friends, and pretending I am not interested in her.
I’m not going to be her emotional support, a tampon, when she got relatives,
friends, other girls to talk to and probably a dozen guys orbiting around her but
guys with no balls to ask her out because they fear rejection.
So I know if she is worth it when she shows me she is interested and takes action.
Or I am going to walk. I’ll move on to approach someone else.
So any of this..
“I am so busy.”
“I don’t know.”
“I am hard to get and please.”
“I am not ready for a relationship.”
Means no. Means I am not going to waste my sweet time investing in someone
who is unwilling to take time out to know me.
Nor am I going to wait for her like some chump, who fell for the Hollywood,
Bollywood and romance myths, fallacies, legend stories about…the one, the soul
mate. I live in the present.
That’s how I know who is worth my time and who is not worth the eﬀort.
The girl must give a FUCK YES or anything else she says is a FUCK NO.
If FUCK NO, if unclear, if no clarity, if I get ambigious answer that doesn’t clearly
says YES….I am moving on.
She shown her intent and her intent is……she isn’t that interested.
If some hot guy or guy she so into and attracted to walked right up to her, she will
be ﬂoored, drooling inside of her, pussy wet and she will say..YES.
She won’t say yes immediately. Probably stutter before she can say the words
because she’s ﬁlled with emotions.
Take it for face value.
Move on.
In doing so, you won’t get hurt as much as some guys who put girls on pedestals,
waiting…waiting…chasing..trying to win her over to get psychologically seduced,
put down, used, and manipulated to be doormats.
Approach someone else. It is much easier to do so.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you make people love you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

By stop doing things and behaving in a way to “make” people love you or it won’t
be love. Love is choice. Attraction isn’t.
Attraction is what gets your dick hard and pussy’s wet.
It’s like KABOOOOOOOM!

The person have no clue who this person really is but due to what they perceive
in front of them, they are attracted to the person.
But what about love?
Love is what comes after when all that desire is sucked dry, and all you got left is
your ﬂaws showing and the imperfections shines through, and so does the other
person; and now…..you realise..
“Shit, walking on egshells, pretending to be someone I’m not and not speaking
my mind is hard work!”
Then all that glitter, seeing the same face, same body, same ass, same tits, and
having sex, tons of it is now not new. It’s not so “OMG look at her.”
Now you got to dig deep because the beauty on outside has become normal to
you. Seeing it every day.
Like when you eat sweets, ice cream. Stuﬀ that inside you enough time and you
won’t have the same yearning, appetite anymore.
That’s when, “the honeymoon is over..”
And if one is not careful and focusing on the right things, everything even the
texting you so wanted to get from the person becomes a drag. You’re not worried
about what to say, what to write and even whether to reply.
Because you’re going to see this person…ANYWAY when you ﬁnish work. When
you come home. Or when you meet.
Now it’s..work.
Instead most say, “Oooh I don’t feel the way I used to with you.”
Of course you don’t. That was attraction. That was infatuation. That was dick
going hard and pussy going wet. Don’t let any man or woman say that don’t
happen. Full of shit of they do.
“I see personality” yawn. From 100 yards? Give me this gadget you got that can
read someone’s personality from a far. I’ll patent it and get rich.
You got to realise what most do later on in life and if you realise it early in your
life, you will live a good life with less pain or pain you wilkl understand. Pain you
won’t question and..
“I loved this person. Why did they leave me for someone else.”
It happens. It’s life. Not everyone who comes into our life will stay with us until
the end of our life. That’s how it is. It’s part of growing up in the real world.
This is how I can date women I date today, and have sex with them for years and
it feels like I am falling in love with them everyday. Everyday seems like I just met
these women. I’m not monagmous, which is why I say women. I can see these
women every week and not get bored.
I know what love is. I know what it takes to love a woman too. I know what it takes
to develop relationships to highest level and it goes on and on. I know because I
invested in myself the knowledge, the self development, and acquired the
experience on what it means to be a man who loves himself.
So much so, I can talk to women I date about anything, even tits, ass, pussy, hard
core, to romance, whatever, and they’ll not be oﬀended and I won’t when they
talk to me that way too because we have gone past…the…bullshit.
So yes, it will take work…

Well, not the work most say but you know what I mean. Every relationship takes
work, knowledge, skill, wisdom….
It needs committment.
It can’t be forced but rather the other person willingly wants to do so.
Compatibility is the willingess of each person wanting to work towards a
common purpose. Each others happiness.
It’s not about who is right and who is wrong.
It’s about how can we, together win in life and be happy together.
Not the shit you hear in mainstream or what some folks talk about when it comes
to compatibility, like “job, interest, passion, commonality, culture, religion blah
blah.”
So you need to forget doing things to get someone to behave in a certain way. You
need to stop with seeking validation, acceptance, attaching your self worth, and
love itself on objects like…
“Other people liking you. Other people want you. Other people accepting you.
Other people loving you. Cars, Job, status, money, women, men…”
Instead focus on the real things. The thing that stays with you forever. The things
no one can take you away from. The things that make you grow wise, educated,
smart, charming, exciting, and couragous.
Why?
Because to attach to objects coms from fear based.
We have been taught since the children on how these objects like status, the
appearances, women, men, the crowd, the qualiﬁcation, being liked by others,
being accepted by others are what suppose to deﬁne us.
If that is so, which it is bullshit but if that is so….what happens when you lose all
these. You get ill, you’re beauty gone! You lose your job…money gone. You’re in a
relationship and somehow it ends. You are liked by others one week and next
they all backstabbing in the back.
Then you got nothing if all these goes.
It’s you wearing a social mask for people to behave in a certain way with you.
Imagine one day, all this goes.
Imagine woman walks away or guy from relationship. Some people feel they lost
love because they believed that someone else completes them. That someone else
makes them whole. That if someone loves them, they now got love.
You suddenly feel empty.
You feel some great asset has left you. Some big investment has gone. Like
someone emptied your bank account and you want it all back.
Blame all this soul mate, the “one” to years of social conditiong from myths,
legend stories, books, poetry, romance novels, songs, movies, magazines and the
ongoing bullshit that still bombards our unconscous mind.
Love starts by one loving themselves.
It is being true to who they are and being authentic, and so when someone falls in
love with this person…they do so because of who this person is. He doesn’t have
to change and keep playing some act.

That’s why when I approach women, I don’t hide my intent. I don’t hide I am
sexual guy, I don’t hide what I want. It’s suppose to push some women away and
attract others who desire this type of man.
I don’t give a fuck if women think I’m a player, an asshole, a jerk, a this or that. I
KNOW who I am and they know shit about me. The only ones will ever know, is
the one who takes the time to know me instead of assuming, judging and
bringing their own insecurities into the equasion.
Which by the way, happens a lot when it comes to dating and meeting people in
general. I don’t care who the person is, but in 3 second ﬂat, they have already
decided if you’re a threat or someone to know.
They have already decided if she will fuck you or not.
They have already decided, if he will be your friend or not.
They are now looking for nothing more than to be right.
So what do you do?
Try and be someone to everyone?
Try to shape, mould to everyone to accept you.
You can’t. It’s hard work. It will destroy you in the end. It will make you live in
fear. A woman can dangle her pussy and you’ll fear to be a man, because you fear
losing her, got to have her love, got to be liked, got to be accepted…be…
a..doormat.
Same with guy too. If a woman doesn’t love herself, if she is insecure, she will be
an emotional drain. She’ll be drama. Always jealous. Possessivess and fearful if
the guy will be snatched by someone younger.
So detaching from these objects helps to make our life simple. It becomes like a
ﬁltering system.
It is suppose to make some women run away, hide, ignore, dissappear and attract
the ones who get who I am. Who get who you are.
Anyone else, does not matter. They can keep their opinions about this or that. I
won’t have time for them or give them time. Nor will you.
Being who you are, behaving without seeking validation but also not
disrespecting others like an asshole - is your greatest tool to ﬁlter out people who
you don’t want in your life.
You can say “FUCK YOU!” to the world without saying it. You can say to society,
“GO AND FUCK YOURSELVES YOU HYPOCRITES!” without hurting someone.
You can smile and just be nice to people, polite but have boundaries and live by
your terms.
So don’t take what I am saying in a certain way.
I don’t mean go oﬀ with some badass vibe attitude. You care but you also follow
your own rules, own terms and you can say no to the world without even
shouting. You just build your lifestyle to how it ﬁts to your ideals.
You attract people who see the world and life the way you do.
So forget how to “make” someone do anything.
You go and love people because you want to. You give because it is you. You
mingle, socialise, talk because it’s who you are. You go and share because that’s
what makes you happy and in time, putting yourself out there by being the better
version of yourself, will attract people who desire to be with you.

Educating everyone in a polite way of your boundaries, having an opinion and
respect other people’s boundaries too.
You can fake things for a moment but in time, you will go back to your usual
pattern and when you do - the other person will see who you are for real.
So love yourself, develop yourself to be the better version of who you are. Build on
who you are, make it more attractive and real, learn conversation skills, go and
hit the gym, do things that enrich and beneﬁt you..ﬁrst.
Meet people, say hello, take interest in them because you want to and not because
you have to do it to make anyone like you or love you. Be proactive in the things
you’re passionate about. Live it up.
And along the way people will feel how genuine and sincere you are. They will
want what you got but don’t know what it is but you will.
It’s called…
Loving…your…self.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I speak to my boyfriend about his family?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your values are diﬀerent to his. It’s why when I give I don’t expect anything back.
It’s not really giving if we have expectations of some return. That’s when it comes
down to doing favours.
You can give to people but their values won’t be same as you so best remove these
expectations that you give and they’ll want to help back because isn’t that what
people suppose to do, when they are helped. They realise someone cares about
them and they want best for the person too.
It’s very diﬃcult when giving to family if you expect them to behave like you do.
Everyone is diﬀerent and you have to really detache when doing things for
anyone to help them.
Lots of ungrateful people on this planet. You give and give, and then when you
want their help, they will want payment.
I don’t ﬁnd it surprising he asked for payment but what I do ﬁnd surprising is he
didn’t say about being paid from the get go before doing the work. That’s after all
what someone does if they are doing work for money. So there must be some
interference, someone said someting or heart was changed. Or the struggles got
the better of him.
In either case, don’t take this to heart.
You gave and having people like yourself on this forsaken planet is awesome. It
does make a diﬀerence. I hope people who you give to appreciate what you and
your mom do for others. I hope your boyfriend is also appreciative too.
Meeting people like yourselves in this world is a wonderful experience. It’s not
wasted. just hearing what you and mom did, inspires me to do more for people I
kmow but by detaching as well from expecting anything back. It’s best that way
so you don’t get dissappointed and feel sad.
Best thing to do is pay the man and let it go and next time, if someone does
anything for you, no matter who it is, ask them if they want payment?
Everyone is not like you and your mom, wanting to help and hoping people will
help each other. Some people’s values are diﬀerent even if you’re dating their son.

Just pay the guy, let it go and don’t help them again.
Maybe then they’d appreciate it more.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How are people really good at drawing naturally?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Jul 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get good at drawing by practising the fundamentals and did so for 4–5 hours a
day for years. If you learn the fundementals and solidly focus on practising 4–5
hours a day on speciﬁc artform you will get really good at it.
So if you wanted to as an example do concepts like background and people, then
you need to practise the fundamenals for anatomy, not just the body, but also
gestures of body, and also colours, etc etc.
Or if you want to do animation, then you need to get good at the fundamentals
regarding that.
So depending what your goal is - you learn it’s fundamentals and practise.
Doing 4–5 hours a day takes a person to have a great desire for a goal. If you’re
goal isn’t to be an artist in a certain industry, then it’s not going to happen. If it
doesn’t mean much to you and all it means is showing oﬀ to someone, it won’t be
propel you to put these hours in.
It’s like anything else. Practice.
Some started at early age and some just doodled but later realised they needed to
learn properly and put lots of time in consistenly.
Yes, some have some talent already but even then, they put a lot of hours of
studying everyday.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl told me that she does not have any feelings for me, is
that really what she feels or is it something else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter and no one here knows what’s in her mind.
It doesn’t matter because whether one feels this way or it’s something else, I
won’t be wasting a second with a woman who says it anyway.
If someone says it, then whether they mean it or don’t mean it, or trying to say
something else, or it’s due to something else……I don’t take kindly being with
someone who says it.
Instead, I will move the fuck on.
And if a woman says it but doesn’t mean it, that’s her tough luck.
People, whether women or men, sometimes do not want to say what they mean
because it will cause conﬂict and awkwardiness. They rather say something a bit
toned down instead of..
“I like someone else.”
“I am not attracted to you anymore.”
“I don’t love you.”
“I can’t stand being with you any longer.”
So they will say something else like….

“It’s not you but me.”
“I want space.” Not always about breaking up but it’s known to be used for it.
“I don’t have any feelings for you.”
Same when approaching someone for dating..
“I’m so busy.”
“I’m not ready for a serious relationship.”
“I don’t know.”
“I’ll think about it.”
And if any say that, don’t wonder what it means like so many do. Instead, take it
as a no and move on. No one is worth your time who doesn’t give clarity and in
saying they do want to be part of your life in a romantic way.
So, what I am saying, respect yourself.
Don’t waste time wondering what a woman means or if she means someting else
when she says this. It’s not that you need to respect her as the reason why I am
saying this.
More like, you respect yourself and in doing so, you’re moving on because
anything else she says from now on is irrelevant. That’s how I see it when a
woman says such things, or anything else… am not interested.
Moment such words comes out of any woman’s mouth, I don’t ask why, I don’t
ask what it’s all about, I don’t ask if it’s another guy or woman.
It really doesn’t matter to me.
It’s been said and that now is for me to move on and the moment I do, I won’t be
looking back. I won’t be wondering. Life is too short ﬁguring something out about
someone who doesn’t feel love for me.
I rather spend that time on myself, on my passion and on women I date, and who
do feel love for me.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Do guys like it when girls approach them ﬁrst especially when
they are strangers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on guy but for me personally, I won’t mind at all. I doubt it much of it
happens. Rare due to still this stigma in society.
Most guys fear rejection and so, if you wait for them to approach, you probably be
waiting for a long time.
So it’s up to you.
If you want things to happen in your life then you take action. You don’t wait. If
you want then you choose to wait for a very long way for things to happen. It’s
much faster to take risks.
If a woman approaches me, I’ll be ﬂattered and if I feel attracted to her then I’d
ﬂow with it to lead somewhere. I’d ﬁnd her conﬁdence awesome. I’d realise she’s
very diﬀerent to most women who fear what people think, worry what guys think
and so, she be easily inﬂuenced by much of what medicore folks will be.
So I’d admire such a move when a woman does this. It tells me a lot about her.
She’s conﬁdent, she’s not following the social norm and usual bullshit. She is her
own mind and thinking, and so I’d be very interested to learn more about her.

If I’m not attracted to her, I’ll still be polite about it. No need to be an asshole
about it but she would have made my day for sure.
If you want to approach you don’t need to say anything clever.
Just walk up, smile, say Hi conﬁdently, so he can hear you and…
“Hi, I know this is a bit forward but I’ve seen you before, and wanted to say hi but
was always in a rush. Hi. My name is..”
That’s really it and then take it from there.
You don’t have to say anything fancy, or something amazing.
Just relax, smile, and walk over and say it. See how it goes. If you don’t want to
say what I said, then by all means say something else.
Just don’t forget, if he’s interested to ask for his number and he gets yours too.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I like a guy. We've been chatting for days and I feel he likes me
too. Yesterday, he told me that he has a girlfriend in a playing
way. What to do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just ask him.
Asking him shows interest. So ask him..
“So, when you said you got a girlfriend, were you just playing or you really got a
girlfriend..”
I won’t assume that he is playing or because he never mentioned a girlfriend
beforeand you never seen her, that he hasn’t got a girlfriend.
So just ask him. That’s the only way you will really know.
And if he hasn’t a girlfriend, don’t wait.
You’ve shown interest so follow it up right there. Or you be like most women,
sending hints, or wondering if he is playing. Attraction fades away. Desire
changes. So don’t wait if you ﬁnd he hasn’t got a girlfriend and just see what
happens.
Yes I know, fear of rejection and all that.
But I always ﬁnd it’s best for me to ask a woman out and get rejected than
wondering about it. You just don’t move on that way and you just invest too much
time in thinking, wondering, playing, teasing without any resolution to it all. It’s
just too much investment for it to go nowhere.
Less investment is best because if someone rejects at least you didn’t invest far
too much eﬀort, time and thinking.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Boyfriend says me texting him is "stiﬂing". I text him quite a
lot, mainly to show what reminded me of him. Why's that
considered so clingy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Right then!

Take this number down 1010101010101010101 and send me your texts messages.
You can stiﬂe all bleeding day and night for all I care. :)
It depends. If you’re sending as an example….20 text message a day, and up till
late hours, and also expecting replies back, then I’d probably tone it down.
Personally I get text from women I date but these are so turn on, sexy text
messages, I love them. Like..
“Adam, hey baby. I am naked, on my bed, thinking about you. Guess what I’m
doing?”
Not “hey, how are you? How’s work?” Bleh.
The best thing to do is….stop texting for a few days. Then text him one. Leave it
for a days, text him another.
Text him something to arouse him, make him feel excited. I can’t tell you what
because I don’t know the history of your relationship.
But whatever you do, if you do text a lot…tone it right down. I mean 99%.
Let him appreciate it when you do text.
688 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my date answer his people on Twitter sooner than he
answers me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

2 hours? Women I date are lucky if I reply to twitter or messages in 2 days, never
mind 2 hours. If your guy is answering you in 2 hours then blimey, you got a good
one there. He must like you.
Believe me, if I was dating a woman who feels same as you, I’d drive her fucking
crazy with how long I reply to text messages or email, or twitter, or facebook
messages.
I personally just like a woman to call me on the phone if she seriously wants to
chat and if I am busy, or whatever, to relax. Not only that, I don’t always have my
phone on or it be on silent because I am busy doing something.
Two hours is not long.
Don’t take these things like texting, twitter, etc seriously. Even if he replies 5
hours later. The main thing is he replies. Doesn’t matter if he replies to other
people ﬁrst. Don’t make it a big deal and just be busy with your life, work, with
friends or what you’re passionate about.
993 Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to ask someone you're interested in out on a date
right oﬀ the bat, or get to know them as a friend before
pursuing anything romantic?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Never really said to any girl..
“Hey, let’s go out on a date.”
If I like a girl then I’d show my intention straight oﬀ the bat but I do it in a certain
way. I just can’t be assed with being friends, coﬀee and the intent isn’t there.

So I ﬁnd out fast who she is, what she is like and use the tools available to ﬁnd out
more. I use these tools to build on attraction, build some comfort, qualify and
when we meet we’re already know what’s going to happen.
Qualifying means she must show interest in you. If she doesn’t show it then
believe me she won’y really value you later on. Most miss out this part because
they fear losing the girls.
Qualifying, shows you got standards but most of all it is really to show to her she
has earned the attraction you have on her, without thinking it’s just her look
you’re after.
When a she doesn’t feel she earned it then you got problems.
For example, a question on Quora is where a girl wanted to meet this guy she was
in touch with but he lived 5 hours a way.
She talked to him on phone and said she’d will ﬁrst need to see if she can ﬁnd a
friend she knows to stay there as she meets him. The guy replied, his parents is
away in weeked and if she likes she can stay with him.
What happened?
It wasn’t earned. She took it on herself to ask people here, “is he a player.” She
didn’t earn to meet him in this way and so, she thought..
“But he doesn’t know me yet. How can he invite me to his house like that? All he
wants is probably sex.”
That’s why you qualify.
I don’t mean play hard but to let her know, that you are interested in her for more
than her looks. Don’t blame the girl for this.
This is all social conditioning from children stories, books, magazines, music,
education, parents, religion, other women, her mum telling her..
“OOoh all guys are snakes. All they care about is sex.”
Then the fear of being judges, ostracised, by other girls and guys, relatives,
society for “being a slut, whore, to easy,” which are all bullshit labels to create fear
and insecurities about one’s own sexuality.
Attraction, qualifying, building comfort doesn’t stop.
You just need to know when to do it, why, how and when not to. That comes from
experience or learning from someone who has the knowledge and experience.
This is the process outlined below but please appreciate there’s more going on. So
there things you won’t see here but I am just showing process….
1. I approach and show my intent by ﬂirting, being fun, light hearted. 2–5
mins. I am seeing what she is like, her personality. If she’s fun because
the one thing I look for is fun, adventureous etc.
2. I lead to conversation so I ﬁnd out abiout her but in a fun way for future.
I paint what can happen. I talk about place, event, things to do and see
her response. 2 -5 mins. I qualify ere
3. From there ask for her number while adding, I’ll sort something out for
us to go out for a drink, and check the places out.
4. Through the week I text. The ﬁrst text is call back humour. From step 2…I
found out something about her and use it in a fun way. Nick name to fun
role play.

Keep it fun, light hearted, fun.
No boring “hey, how are you” nonsense. I build in attraction. I sexually
indirectly ﬂirt and we start role playing.
I don’t ever switch oﬀ my sexuality. I behave as a lover not a friend.
(This can happen fast, depending on how your approach. If you was
boring, playing safe, and she didn’t feel anything, nothing much going to
happen)
5. The frequence of text increases and I lead to phone..(one week and
sometimes this can happen faster):
“Hey texting is lame. Let’s talk on phone. Call you in 5 mins?”
6. On phone I still focus on fun but then add comfort, to get to know her,
and she gets to know me. Nothing boring, no compliments. 5–10 mins
and lead to sorting out where to go out.
7. Everytime when I meet woman for date, even though I did not label it as
one, I have created frame from beginning. She knows what’s going to
happen. She knows it’s sexual attraction. She knows because we also role
played what we might do in a fun adventureous ways i.e…
Me - Remember, enemies are watching. This is a covert operation. Dress
sexy as I will, so we are lovers, to throw them oﬀ.”
Girl - So kissing :) ?
Me - We have to make it look real. The works :)
Girl - I’m so excited!
This was a role play I started by texting and used it to lead to meeting
face to face.
So when we meet, guess what?
That’s right. I assume she is my girlfriend. I embrace, kiss, take her hand
and we walk. Now that spy role play is gone, and we move onto
something else. The role playing depends on the girl, what you know
about her.
I like to show intent from the beginning.
Saves me wasting time and I can build on the rapport by texting and phone. I
don’t label it as a date and just ﬂow with it with conﬁdence.
I know this is a bit more details but you should know by reading my answers,
that’s how I roll.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

I have a girlfriend. She told me I don't need friends anymore, all
I need is her. But I think I still need friends, what do you think?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t be passive and timid due to fear of losing her.
She’s being asbusive, trying to control your social life and life in general. You’re
own social network is very important. No woman should be centre of your life.

Imagine if you break up and then you’d be like most guys who behave like
victims, bitching about ..
“I left everything for her.”
No, these guys were insecure themselves, doing things to get validation,
acceptance, fearful of losing a girl by having no boundaries.
First it be your friends.
Second it be, “don’t talk to girls.”
Third it be, “you should only go out with me.”
Then it be something else.
One thing leads to another, psychologically seducing you to be timid, passive,
and when she is done with you, she will leave you broken because you let her.
She’s insecure and she needs to get professional help.
Stand up for yourself. Have an opinion.
This is your social life Someting you need to always keep building or you will
isolate yourself, from many opportunities…. which is what she wants because
then you will feel alone, helpless and disconnected from the world.
Limiting your resources.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it weird that me and my boyfriend dont live together?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not weird. A year is really nothing. Of course it depends, sometimes
people do moving in together fast but they make a hasty decision due to some
circumstances. Sometimes it works out and sometimes it goes terribly wrong.
Focus on just dating, getting to know each other and not look for things like as a
sign of anything.
You’re both doing ﬁne.
Don’t rush it due to some insecurities.
Now if you said, “6 years” well that’s diﬀerent altogether. You’d kind of know by
then what you both want to do in future.
But it’s only been a year.
Relax and enjoy the process. Looks like you’re both doing great.
603 Views · View Upvoters

My online girlfriend on a Chinese dating website doesn't want
to meet me because her parents ﬁght. Should I break up with
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a person is not into you, they will make any details, facts, obstacles to come
between meeting you, dating you and have relationship with you..”
Move on.
Take it as a no and approach other girls.
She’s shown her intent.

Most women won’t say outright no to men to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness. If
she hasn’t met you yet, dated you not just once, she isn’t you’re girlfriend. She’s a
girl on a dating website still looking for that guy.
You’re not that guy. The attraction is not there for her to take action. She’s on a
dating website. Think! She’s looking for other guys to date.
So take it as a no and don’t waste time with her.
434 Views

I just turned 15 years old and aspiring to be a Formula 1 racer. Is
it too late for me? If not what paths can I take?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers

Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you truly wish to be an F1 driver then ask yourself right now, what you’re doing
to make it happen?
F1 needs you to not only competitive but has tp spend every dollar that they can
access to persuade other inﬂuential people to spend money on you. So if you
haven’t got family into Formula 1 racing, if you haven’t reached to someone who
knows their stuﬀ, the you need to re-think. It will take a lot of your time,
hundreds thjousands of dollars of debt which can put a lot of pressure, on you
and for the rest of your life.
It’s an expensive hobby if all it is, is that.
So think carefully.
When I wanted to be a singer, songwriter, I was spending tons of time by the age
of 15 year old doing gigs. I was practising, doing odd jobs that paid for my guitars,
amps, microphones. I wrote songs everyday and even that wasn’t enough because
you needed to know marketing. You need to know how to build an audience and
on and on it goes. Some make it and some get their break.
So step back and look at what it is you want to be.
Read up on specialised websites/bloggers regarding F1.
Find out through reading who you can write to for advise, mentorship or
inspiration. You never know, a door will open for you.
697 Views · View Upvoters

Do people make money on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Are there people making money on Quora?

Yes, I do and I don’t paste any links on Quora either. You’ll see I don’t paste any
links to website or books on my answers. People do contact me to pay me for
consultation using skype or answering using private messages.
However, it’s not automated and so I have to ﬁlter out people and focus on the
paying customers. That’s why I am working on a website but for now, I’m focusing
on sharing knowledge and getting my own brand products together.
It took time to do this but after consistent work in sharing answers regarding
dating and relationships, I get people contacting me to pay for my expertise. So I
get people wanting an hour of my time to answer their question and some want
coaching.
Others want to hire me for writing such as large websites hiring and in process of
coming to an agreement.

The key steps are:
1. Give consistent eﬀort
2. Focus on what you know. Target it to a niche
3. Don’t cater for everyone. Have terms, boundaries and don’t apologise for
charging or how much you charge for your time when clients do contact
you.
4. Have a strategy. An overall vision where all you do leads to and how will
you stand out from the rest
5. How will you lead to sales.
6. What’s the…bigger picture.
Right now, I am building the infrastructure…website, system, process, products
etc but even without products and website…I am still making good money.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why does she complain to me about her boyfriend every time
we're alone?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why she does it is because you….let….her.
The reason why you let her is because you have created this IDEA in your mind,
that she is doing this because she is in AGONY due to having…feelings..for you.
In you’re own words..
“You don't think it's possible she has feelings for me and is facing inner
turmoil because of it?”
While we’re at it, let’s add the other part…
“Maybe she just can't bring herself to actually say it and is trying to see if I
reciprocate those feelings”
You see, when we truly know who we are, really honest with ourselves, we will
know why things in life happen to us. We know why we get fucked by people. We
know why we let things happen.
And most of the time, not all the time but most of the time, it is due to neediness.
The need for validation from someone else.
So most will compromise everything to seek validation.
Much of what happens to us is due to our own bad decisions due to fearing loss.
The reason why she does it, is because she knows she can with you. You don’t set
boundaries. She has seen his time and time again.
You don’t set them because you fear….losing….the girl.
That hope…that idea…you might have a chance with her.
You let her because you like her and you think she’s into you. You probably spent
tons texting, on phone, hanging out too like platonic friends/girlfriends and she
treats you as a girlfriend, or one of her pals.
Always available and all in the hope she will like you in a romantic way.
Nip this in the bud fast.

Let her know, you’re not interested in listening to her talking about her boyfriend
or any other guys.
No one does anything to you in regards to relationships without your permission.
Set boundaries and move on in approaching other girls.
This girl is taken, with a boyfriend, who she complains about and goes back to
ride him while you sit alone building pictures in your mind that she is into you.
It’s best to not put any ideas too on girls to cheat because if they do it to one guy,
they can do it to you. It doesn’t work in your favour in the long run.
Now if both of you and her boyfriend are not monogamous, well that’s a diﬀerent
story but even then, if you like a girl….come clean.
Don’t assume anything. Say it and be done with, or you’ll ﬁnd yourself becoming
that guy the girls vomit their crap on you but never date you.
53 Views · View Upvoters

Why should men try to be inaccessible in a relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That kind of dating advise has messed up a lot of people in society today.
Something so simple has to be so damn complicated.
Play hard myth, that it’s supposed to ﬁlter out non-serious men/women is
actually nothing more than letting someon else believe this is a game. That the
only way to get the other person’s attention is to ignore them.
Have you ever heard people say..
“How come he/she chased me and then when I showed interested, he/she
stopped?”
The reason why is the person who play hard to get has told them that this is the
way to get their interest for dating.
No, not by saying it to the person but by the behaviour..
Let’s imagine some women play hard to get….
1. She ﬁnds a guy is interested in her..
2. She doesn’t respond by showing interest back
3. Instead she plays hard to get.
4. The guy chases for a while and then when he sees no interest, he begins to slow
down, and…stops.
5. When he stops, she might think “Hmmm, maybe he does like me. Ok, I’ll show
interest.”
However, in doing so, she has demonstrated that this is how to get her attention.
To ignore her. To avoid showing interest because the only time she does show
interest is…. when he stops chasing.
So how does one ﬁx this?
When person shows interest…respond back to this person. Show positive interest
instead of playing hard to get.
Playing hard to get is one of the worse advise anyone can give to someone who
wants to date and also be in a relationship.
It’s immature and insecure, and I do stay away from women who try to use this
when it comes to dating. If I show interest and I don’t get a positive
response/interest; showing me she is willing to invest…I move on.

I don’t care if it’s a shit test, it’s this or for that.
I just move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I become a copywriter?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jul 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I become a great copywriter?

1. Keep building on your General Knowledge.
Don’t limit yourself. Instead read books that’s not in your interest. Read all kinds
of stuﬀ because your mind will be like a library that will help you to create
concepts, an angle, a hook that will engage the targeted audience, enrich their
experience and educate in a more appealing way.
The more you can acquire general knowledge, you will be able to write sales copy
for anything else. You need to be ﬂexible, be able to adapt as you won’t be
marketing and selling one type of products.
2. Another type of knowledge is your trade.
Learn the structure but don’t be rigid. You don’t have to follow the exact structure
of copywriting but there are fundamentals to follow because it makes sense.
So invest in the knowledge about copywriting, sales and marketing. The
fundamentals will always be the same even when we’re in the digital information
age.
3. Third type is Practical Copwriting Skills
I don’t just mean to practice writing. You only know how good you get by
achieving results. Copywriting is about that - results. Inﬂuencing not just the
targeted potential customers to read more and buy.
You will also need to get good at presenting and inﬂuencing the team, the
manager, the director, the shareholders on your ideas.
Invest in learning human psychology, consumer psychology, the process of the
language of inﬂience inﬂuence language to be able to communicate your ideas
eﬀectively across the board.
4. Test and Measure. Get Results.
You will need to learn how to gather information i.e. research the market niche,
the desires…fears…wants…needs…hopes of your target audience. Including the
competitors to ﬁnd their weakness and strength.
You will need to learn how to test and measure your ﬁndings to get results. That’s
how you will know what is working, what isn’t and what to change.
So you will also need to invest time in using analytics tools if it’s web paced.
511 Views · View Upvoters

What would a guy think if he sees a girl looking at him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I was one of my friends and a girl is looking but no smiling. She kept looking
back again and then after a while again, but no smiling, no waving…nothing…
Me - I know
Friend - So you noticed
Me - Yes. Maybe she’s pretending to be a statue
Friend - Hahaha. So you think she’s doing those signals crap?

Me - The look and then pretend not to look, back and forth?
Friend - Yeah
Me - Nah. I think she’s enticing me with the robotic moves
Me - Look she’s doing the moon walk
Friend - She’s looking again
Me - Probably just nerves.
Friend - Yeah, probably
You can look at a guy, stare at him, make signals, trying to think it is obvious but
in these day and age, no guy is going to take a girl serious who does that.
Why?
Because of rejection.
Most guys have already been there, where girls do this and that and when
approached, the guys get rejected. It’s well known to not take girls looking
seriously. So until the guy likes a girl and is willing to take the risk or the girl
approaches the guy and asks him out…..it’s not going to happen
Personally, when I was at school and girls stare the way they do, they don’t do it
with a smile. I bet that’s how you are doing it too and so, it be creeping him out
than thinking you’re into him.
Looking does nothing.
You got to smile, you got to show interest more or he won’t make his move. Walk
over and say…”Hi.”
Get yourself in his radar.
12k Views · View Upvoters

How rare are people who start dating in their 20s?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why? Are you 20 years old and wondering about it?
It’s not rare at all.
I know guys as well as myself who dated from age of 15 years old. Many of us have
been dating when young. There are many right now that are 20 years old and
dating.
It’s only rare if someone is living in a culture that makes it too rigid or they are in
the comfort zone, don’t know anything much by what they see in their own little
world. However, if one ventures out they’ll see it’s not rare at all.
It is happening but they can’t see it because they only see what they want to see
or what is more important for them to see.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Does a "fake it till you make it" attitude toward life actually
work?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Jul 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The great migration began.
Many people in the country I came from decided to ﬂy to diﬀerent countries.
Some would leave their children behind and I was one of those children.
My grandma listened about the last arrangements regarding me from my parents
before they left.

A few days later my grandma got ill and so I had to ﬁnd ways to bring in the food.
I had to venture out in the busy country torn by tribal wars and corruption. Her
illness lasted longer than most thought it would.
I was shy and shy for me means nothing else than being a young lad who has
been hiding within myself from the social world. I didn’t know how to interact
with people and stayed in my comfort zone.
I am also introvert but that’s my personality.
It’s not something that prevents me to be sociable. It’s an advantage because I am
a goodlistener, strong observer of life, rationale thinker and deadly when I take
action. I can approach people, socialise and engage.
I don’t see it as a crutch as most try to make themselves believe it to be within
their lives. So I didn’t have this victim mindset. I couldn’t aﬀord too.
The action part is where I had problem.
However, when you are faced with death everyday, you have no choice. It’s like
your brain steps in. It’s like, when you’re really hungry and won’t eat a certain
food like insides of ﬁsh but because you’re so hungry, starving, your brain needs
nutrition. It will change something with your taste to like what you..don’t like.
It will make it like a delicacy.
Something I discovered the hard way back then.
One day I climbed high, climbing upto one roof after another, until I could look
down to see everything. The people, each alley, path, businesses, the favourite
places the tourists like to go.
I took a deep breath to begin living in what seemed a new world.
For weeks and months I walked through new alleys, new pathways, doing new
things, forcing myself to talk to everyone I can and even singing in the streets. I
made toys from anything I had to sell.
I stole from markets to sell and make money.
Imagine you’re doing all these things, using your senses such as eyes, ears, hands,
mouth to collect new data for your mind. Imagine new path ways are being
created in your mind.
Picture a deserted land and each action when done consistenly creates the
foundation for new roads, new alleyways, new buildings.
All of which becomes a…….pattern.
Patterns…
You cannot ﬁnd your home without them.
You cannot learn without them.
You cannot play guitar ﬂuently without them and you cannot be an artist who
draws ﬂuently as other people try to ﬁnd some quick easy answer on..
“How do you draw like that?”
You become conﬁdent in how to deal with people as the months ﬂy by. The speed
in which you do things and with conﬁdence escalates.
It has to get worse ﬁrst to get better.
So you need to endure and be patient to get past the learning curve.

The reward….
You can engage tourists, they laugh, they smile, they talk with you. You can be
ﬁrm with adults, you know how to twist and turn a conversation with police
oﬃcers. You know every alley and secret places to run if needed to when danger
appears.
You know how to get what….you…want to…win in life.
Finally the new paths in your brain become stronger and your don’t need to
worry about putting the same amount of eﬀort and energy as you did in the
beginning.
It’s like, you already got this gift.
You just needed your brain to create new pathways and make them strong and
ready for whenever you need this skill/or skills.
We just need to give the unconscious brain lots of information to create the
patterns. That way it believes we want this to happen.
Years of social conditioning impacts you to hesistate, to look outwards for
validation, seeking acceptance instead of doing while letting go of the outcome.
So you got to dilute all that shit and make what you want louder.
All of this developed my social instinct and knowledge on how to leverage
diﬀerent social dynamics. It also opened my mind to realise how I can use for
other things in my life such as….dating, approaching women, job hunting,
attracting clients and learning new skills.
In conclusion…
1. Put eﬀort in consistently by doing the basics.
2. Push yourself from the comfort zone.
3. The eﬀort creates the energy
4. The unconscious mind realises it is a necessary for your survival/
5. It creates the patterns so you become ﬂuent at this skill.
6. Your unconscious regulates and coordinates…as you….socialise, or sit at an
interview or…whatever it is you want to be good at.
So faking it until you make it, really means…
“Do enough of the work for your mind to create the pattern. How long depends
on what it is you need to learn, how you practice and eﬀort you put
in….consistency.”
You know will fail, be clumsy and will need to put more eﬀort and energy in the
beginning but….you know the basic fundamentals to be true.
That it’s just a matter of knowing how to practice the RIGHT way and soon you
will be skillful at whatever you want to do.
You just believe you got this already because…
Eﬀort + Energy + Brain Engages + Patterns created = whatever the skill to
achieve the result.
In the end, this young boy survived wars, tribal feuds, corruption, dictatorship to
step oﬀ a plane in a country called England.
With a smile on his face and a thirst for achieving someting….he dissappeared
into the diverse and colourful crowd of people - and - into the future.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do older people still feel crushes?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it still happens.
What changes is you have experience, maturity, wisdom and so you become more
rationale in your thinking. You know the diﬀerence between a crush and love.
You also know love isn’t enough.
That’s what changes. Maturity. Insight. Understanding what will happen, why,
what and how.
When it happens to me, I enjoy it but I’m not going to be besotted, deep
infatuated, believing she is the one, the soul mate, together and forever.
Jeesh, no.
I’m have less patience now and desire direct rather than thinking about things so
much. So I’d cut to the chase and approach. I quickly ﬁnd out…yes or no. If no, I’d
move on and it’s done. I can now leave it to rest.
You get wiser and know the diﬀerence between your own bullshit, your own
fantasy and the reality. So while someone else head is up their ass or in a cloud,
due to some crush….you know the real deal. You probably chuckle about past
experiences too but hey, we all been there :)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

It's been exactly one year since my ex and I split up. I can't stop
thinking about him should I call him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No.
Seriously, if you haven’t yet done it….don’t do it.
I get that you have this idea about love, the questions on how you love him so
much and how can it be, that he just doesn’t feel same way anymore. How can
love just switch oﬀ like that and many other questions.
Love is not enough and hoping the person to be back won’t be enough.
I have had many people I know tried this and got rejected a second and some
even a third time, because they didn’t get it. Hurt them even more.
Maturity is needed here and yes I know, it’s all emotional bottling up inside but
there are people around you, all over and probably some guys talking to you now,
and you’re pushing them away because of this hope.
Forget what if, why, how come. It’s over.
He went further by cutting all contact and moved on, which is a big sign that he
has moved on. This was his ﬁrst experience and so he wants to move on, and
probably one day date someone else in the future.
If you haven’t contacted him, don’t. Move on or you will get hurt. It’s over, it has
had its time and now it’s time to move on.
All the best.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is he ignoring me when he made the ﬁrst move?
Communication gaps leading to misunderstandings, which
happen when the guy makes a vague move and then vanishes,
leaving the girl wondering where she stands.

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because of the following and it’s something I do too when I hear women start
talking about stuﬀ like this. It just tells me they got a lot a mess and best to stay
away..
1. You told him you had no plans of dating or being in relationship
2. You revealed negativity i.e. you had a very bad breakup up 7 months ago.
Why do that? Why shine negativity and stories about bad breakups
which won’t help you if you wanted to see this guy again.
3. You went further by saying you’re very busy because its your last year
before going to med school so you wasn't planning to date him. He’s
getting mixed messages. It’s not very ﬂattering for him is it? It’s like you
just told him you didn’t have anything better to do so you went out with
him.
So he sees it that you’re not that interested and it probably won’t go
anywhere anyway. Maybe moved on and probably found someone else.
Other things can happen like this - turning the conversation about a past
boyfriend, a past relationship, asking questions about it. When such beginings
need to be upbeat, and focused on each other in a positive way.
If you want to date him again and more, then best message him and let him know,
but keep any negativity stuﬀ and anything regarding past relationship, stories of
pain, heart ache and questions regarding it…aside.
It puts some guys oﬀ and it will put me oﬀ even if it’s a casual conversation
because I know such conversations leads on and on, and on about some guy. The
conversation isn’t about three people but two, me and whomever I am conversing
with.
There were too many reasons for him to stay away and not enough for him to
continue.
17k Views · View Upvoters

How do I hold her hand when sitting with her at my house
talking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

While drinking do this..
1. Look at her for a moment.
2. Keep looking as you lower the cup.
3. Now move your face closer to hers as you put your hand on hers.
4. She will move towards you, showing she desires it too. That’s when you
know she desires it.
5. Get close to her lips, right close and she be close too.
6. That’s why you don’t ask for permission “can I kiss you.”
7. She is now so close to your lips, her face near yours. That’s called “sub
communication.” Body language. You show you desire her and her
coming close to you, your face, near your lips is the consent.
It’s like your lips just brushing hers.
8. Now KISS HER.

You’ve done three things.
1. You shown you’re a fucking man with balls and removed the
awkwardiness from her.
2. You took the responsibility from her for kissing because most women, up
their asses with worry on how a guy sees them. You took the action, you
took charge and you showed you wanted to kiss her. She only moved in
close because you did.
3. You wasn’t a chump asking “can I kiss you.” and “can I hold your hand.”
Don’t apologise.
Move away a little, look at her again, brush her hair aside, smile. You don’t need
to say a word. Keep the tension going.
Now..Kiss her again…passionately.
Then move back and continue conversation :)
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should you do if a boy tells someone that we date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’d look pretty stupid as well as the rest who believe him, all of whom seek
validation from each other - when….they see you walking about with some other
guy kissing each other like crazy ;)
Don’t worry about it.
Anything happens at school, college like this, ain’t that important.
Nor are the folks there who like gossip.
It be insigniﬁcant when you don’t give a shit.
681 Views · View Upvoters

He's 45, I'm 25, we've been FWBs for the past 6 years, why won't
he commit and how can I change his mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know it might sound harsh but..
You’re in a fuck buddy relationship and these rarely about romance, serious
relationship and comittment.
It’s more about sex, physical and sexual intimacy. More about having someone
you know and can call and meet to have sex. Two people who have a mutual
understanding, similar values, not following social norms and…don’t have to go
through all the bullshit games most do with dating and all that.
So when you started, it started with an understanding that you both like to have
sex with each other.
However, now you want more but he doesn’t.
He probably likes the batchelor lifestyle, to be alone most of his life, without the
rest of what comes with relationship. So he’ll be living his life and then one day
you meet have sex, and you both go your way until you meet again.
Nothing wrong with it. It doesn’t make him a bad guy. That is the dynamics of
this relationship and two consenting adults know this when it began.

Just talk with him about your feelings but be ready.
He will probably say no, and he likes to keep the dynamics as it is. If so, then you
may need to ﬁnd someone who wants romance, a serious relationship.
The key is seeing someone who is compatible.
Compatible doesn’t mean education, interest, etc but that lovers are willing to
work together towards a common goal. Each others happiness. So if you want
romance, relationship then he would too, and together you work towards it.
So ﬁnd someone like that if you want romance and committment, if the guy
you’re seeing right now doesn’t want to change the dynamics of the relationship.
Nothing wrong with that. It happens and so you now see what’s what.
Just be ready for the answer. You might not like it but hey, who knows. I don’t
know him. Best to talk.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I really like this girl but I'm pretty sure I have no chance with
her. Can someone help me ﬁgure this out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“she’s not like any other girl I’ve know..”
Yeah, you’re right. Light shines out of her ass. Her personality is like no other
personality you have ever experienced. It’s like she’s a godess. Even Aphrodite
doesn’t come close to her.
So unique, so special, so diﬀerent. So, amazing.
Settle that shit down mate and by that I mean, stop putting girls on pedestal
because that’s the real problem right there.
Putting her on some pedestal like she’s unreachable.
Next you be saying “She…is out of my league.”
This is one girl. You’re going to ﬁnd this feeling is same with other girls. I know,
you might believe she is the one. The only one. The one and only.
Meh. You’re going to ﬁnd out, desire moves in many directions.
Get rid of this fantastic story from your head…(video subtitled). It never ends this
way :D

You’re doing what most guys do, putting her on some pedestal and not making a
move. Building a fantasy in your head about this…one…girl.

Then when rejection happens it will hit real hard because you build such a
fantastic movie in your mind, making her opinion about you…more important
than your own opinion about yourself.
The eﬀects of rejection will last longer because of that.
You need to go out more, approach more girls and get rid of this oneitis.
Just approach her, don’t be serious, don’t be a chump trying to impress her. Just
be fun, light hearted, ﬂirt and ask her out.
And if she doesn’t give you a clear answer YES or she plays hard to get..OR…she
says no then….smile and walk the fuck away to remember this..
“She isn’t the only girl on this planet.”
You don’t approach to impress her and win her over. You approach to see if she is
willing to invest time date you.
That is really it.
Because right now, you are falling for the IDEA of her and all the emotions that
get you kicking oﬀ when you think of her.
Cut that out fast by approaching.
Don’t hesitate.
Get it over with, fast then move on.
71 Views · View Upvoters

Would you date someone you used to like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t really matter if I liked someone weeks ago, months ago or years ago. If I
still like them, I am interested, and I ﬁnd they are, then yes, I would approach.
But if I’m not that remotely like/interested then I won’t.
I personally lose interest fast and I’m a guy who doesn’t build stuﬀ in my mind
about women anyway. More of a logical thinker so it’s good. I don’t live in some
fantasy, fallacy dating world. Helps me to move on real quick if woman don’t
show desire for me. Saves me a lot of headaches too that most people go through.
But if you still like the person, don’t leave it too long.
Approach and see what happens.
762 Views · View Upvoters

What should you say when a girl says no when you ask her on a
date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - No
You - (smile walk away)
Girl - I am so busy with work. I just don’t have the time.
You - (Smile walk away)
Girl - I am not ready for a serious relationship
You - (smile and walk)

Girl - I can’t because I think all you fucking guys just want sex
You - (Smile walk away)
Girl - I can’t because today it is the end of the world
You - (smile and…RUN)
Girl - You’ll have to try real hard to get me
You - Hahahahahaha. (walk away)
Girl - No cause you’re ugly
You - You just made me realise, how lucky I am to walk away. (walk away)
Girl - I already got a boyfriend
You - Here’s my number when you haven’t got a boyfriend ;) (then walk away)
You can smile for any situation and walk away.
Now…if you want to say no to the girl. You can say no or…
Do the Casablanca style :)

18 Views · View Upvoters

Do men enjoy "the chase" when dating? Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No.
If I pursue and then ﬁnd she
1. Isn’t showing interest back
2. She’s not being open about he desires towards me
3. She’s playing hard to get by being ambigious and usual stuﬀ
I am moving on fast.
I like honesty. I like courage. I like a woman who shows vulnerablity. I’m a guy
who likes women who show they desire me.
So I will..
1. Approach.
2. Show my intent
3. Flirt, be fun and converse
4. And then ask her out
And if it’s a no, I’m moving on. If the answer is ambigious I’m moving on. If she
ﬂakes I give one more chance but then if it happens again….I am moving on. I
also won’t be contacting her again.

2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why is just about every girl on Instagram so cute?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You neeed to get laid more ;)
But apart from that….
1. Make up
2. Eye lashes
3. Bra uplifts ;)
4. Ass pads
5. Angle shots
6. Then….Photoshop
7. Filters
8. Blur eﬀect
9. The healing brush
10. The Hue saturation
11. The Levels and Curves tools
12. The patch tool
13. The red eye removal tool
14. The Liquify tool
:)
28 Views · View Upvoters

How often should you text a guy you found on online dating
website?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Texting needs to have a goal. What’s a dating website for?
To lead to dating.
So texting almost have next day and nothing to lead to dating is going to be
boring. So texting needs to lead to the phone, and then on phone you lead to meet
up face to face.
Looks like when you’re both on phone, neither of you took intiative for the next
step, which is going out together, meeting face to face, dating.
Attraction hits hard fast but it can also, fade away fast if the next stage is not
done. The next phase is building on the attraction.
How?
You lead to meeting face to face.
If this hasn’t happen, it’s going to be diﬃcult to build on the attraction.
One week has gone by, but there was some contact after, and both of you really
didn’t lead to dating. You’re both playing safe.
Text him but this time..

“Hey…there is a great place I found, has awesome reviews. Let’s go out for a drink
together, this week..”
Move it to the next level because this guy, is playing safe too and doesn’t know
how to lead. Or he is talking with other women online.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is the best way to attract women just to move on with your life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you go about your life and do not approach, nothing really is going to happen.
Most people fear rejection so you won’t suddenly get girls ﬂocking to you to ask
you out. You need to do that if you see a girl you like.
But you also need to look at your approach.
One of things to change is this…
You approach girls to impress them, please them and this is not the way. Instead,
you need to ﬁrst sort your mindset out.
Let’s keep it simple so you see what I mean..
The Mindset…
1. You see a girl you like
2. You approach but not to impress her or win her over.
3. You are going to approach to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest time to
know you to date you
4. You’re not going to approach with this attitude “she’s the one” and put
her on a pedestal. You’re not going to push aside your happiness, your
freedom and your boundaries for a girl or anyone else.
5. She must show she is interested in you and you’re going to lead and give
her the opportunity to show she is.
6. If she doesn’t show then you will move on fast. You have boundaries. You
have standards and by that, it means you’re not going to waste time
ﬁlling your head, with stories to assume anything. You found out the
facts and now you move on.
That is the mindset you need to have.
Now the approach in the way you do it..
1. You see a girl. You immediately approach. Don’t hesitate
2. You’re going to stay light hearted, fun and don’t be serious, don’t confess
love or anything serious. Don’t think you need to do something like
doing her work, or anything. Or do lots of small talk and compliments.
3. You ﬂirt, you converse, and give her an idea of your personality while
you are checking her personality too. You like what you feel, hear and
see. Ok then, next step.
4. You suggest what can happen, like going out and having fun. So paint
something in her mind to make her feel excited. Even if it’s crazy story
telling of you and her are spy agent dominating the world, with party,
this and that. Be fun about it. The details don’t matter. It is about making
her feel alive and excited. Don’t play safe. Have fun.
5. If you see she’s getting into the groove, ask her ask. Exchange numbers
and then say you hope she’s fun with texting as she is when talking with

her.
If you don’t get past the asking her out, and she says no…move on.
So learn to self correct yourself. See what is not working and change it. Learn
from your approaches and get better at it.
At least you know where you’ve gone wrong and know you need to change
something. That’s very good attitude to have.
Most guys just keep doing the same thing that doesn’t work.
4k Views · View Upvoters

Did I do the right thing by letting the girl I loved go when I
know she doesn't like me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you did the right thing.
You liked a girl but she didn’t see you in that way and so, you just moved on. So
yes, you did the right thing.
Good.
That way you can move on and approach someone else. Keep doing that because
this is the right mindset to have.
Let a girl know immediately you are attracted to her without confessing love,
romantic serious stuﬀ. Just be fun, ﬂirt, converse and ask her out for a drink. If
she’s not interested….move on.
Don’t invest time thinking, creating fantasy in your mind, falling deep for a girl
when she hasn’t been asked by you and hasn’t shown she is willing to invest in
knowing you in that way.
I do give chances but not much.
If I don’t get a girl showing me interest…I move on.
It helps because you stop creating stories in your mind to create some emotions,
when really nothing is happening.
So good you have moved on.
900 Views · View Upvoters

Can the guy who likes me sense that I feel no chemistry
between us?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s best to not assume and let someone ﬁll in the gaps.
As human beings we like to create our own story in our minds and so if we want
something to happen - we create a diﬀerent story.
A story with emotions that we desire to feel. Pleasant feelings. We like to
romantize things because sometimes, we want something to happen when really,
there is nothing there to say something is going to happen.
So the best thing to do when it comes to such matters is to never let someone else
ﬁll in the gap. The way to do that is getting the facts to so everything is clear. To
not be afraid also to walk away if it’s not clear enough or if the person is playing
hard to get, expect you to wait for week, weeks, months.

If they are into you, now is the time. The present.
We don’t know what the future holds.
And also to say to someone with clarity where you and they stand.
Leaving no room for hope because you’re trying to let down someone easily.
Instead of “I’m not ready for a relationship yet because I just got out of one..”
Being more clear, “I don’t see you in this way. So thanks, I’m ﬂatered but I just
don’t see you in that way.”
You make it clear by saying you don’t see this person in this way, you’re not
interested in this person in a romantic way.
It sounds harsh but that’s not your problem if the rejection hits hard.
As a man experienced in dating I do not look for a woman to say ambigious stuﬀ.
If I don’t get a clear direct yes or clear interest by her saying so, I will move on.
But some men won’t.
Some men have a diﬀerent way of seeing dating, women, life.
Some men haven’t much experience. Some men are needy, clingy and far too
much in romantizing an event, a connection and not saying anything.
Some, if you say to them no, they will still rationalise the person does like them
but is afraid to take risks. So no clearly is best. Saying yes also clearly helps to
build on the attraction exists.
I say and I make it clear so I can know where we stand.
Best you then say to this guy clearly you are not interested without leaving any
room for hope. Or some people just ﬁll in the gaps.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do we miss people in our lives who don't love us?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We don’t miss the person. We miss the idea of this person….

The idea is our own creation. Our own intrepretation. We have altered it to give us
the emotions we miss when we was with these people.
You miss the feelings when….you were with this person
The memories you created together
Or the memories you wish you could have created together.

The experience you had together
Or the experience that could have been and fantasized about. A story
built brick by brick in the mind for pleasant emotional stimulation.
People will change many things in their memory.
They’ll intrepret it slightly diﬀerent in their memory. They’ll changing the story
to suit themselves so that they can feel certain emotions.
We like to romantize by seeing the person for how they…made us…feel rather
than how they treated us, ignored us and behaved with us.
It’s like some love aﬀair when someone is with an abusive person.
They avoid seeing how they are being treated and invent a story in their mind to
feel a diﬀerent kind of emotions. The pleasant experiences.
Then rationalise it with all kinds of explainations.
These emotions are like thick curtain drapes or a fog we have created in our
minds. It clouds the memory of how these people treat us.
That’s why.
We don’t miss the person.
We miss the feelings we had when we were with this person.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I react when a guy quickly gets interested in me within
a few weeks of interaction through text?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction can happen very fast.
So a guy can see a woman and he is attracted to her but he also likes to ﬁnd out
more. It can lead with only a few days or a week texting to talk on phone and meet
up.
Most guys don’t like playing hard to get.
We like to show our interest fast, show we desire a woman but if she is too slow to
show interest back, if she doesn’t show interest back then most of us move on
pretty fast.
Attraction can happen fast but it can also fade away fast too.
That’s why both need to build on it, talk on phone, meet up face to face etc.
Most just take too long texting and then wonder why everything stops. It stops
because ﬂirting and texting can get boring, if it doesn’t lead anywhere in future.
If you want it to keep going, you’re into the guy then show you’re interest….show
you desire him.
704 Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy ignore a girl after messing around?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Flirting is ok but if that’s all it is, then a guy loses interest.
If nothing is happening, not moving to next step, well, it does get boring. He
probably felt it’s not going to go anywhere and so he’s lost interest.

I don’t know what you mean by everything has happened.
But if nothing is clear…no clear communication which I feel hasn’t happened
here on where it’s going, then it just leaves to assumptions it’s not going
anywhere.
I personally, don’t ignore, if I have been ﬂirting with a woman, we went out,
kissed, held hands, had fun together.
So something is up.
Don’t assume anything.
Have a talk with him. Communicate.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do men actually like it when a woman withholds their feelings
and desires from them?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, as a guy, if a woman withholds her feelings and desires for me, I lose
interest real fast.
I like women who are more adventureous. They’ve lived, they have been in boring
relationships, had enough being shy…waiting..waiting, dating slow and all that,
and well, they had enough.
Whether she does it because..
1. She has some feelings for someone else. You know, you can read some
women here talking about how they so like someone, love someone, wish
they can be with this someone etc etc. So she is living in the past and
isn’t moving on.
2. She is shy and doesn’t know how to show her feelings in a way for the guy
to know she’s interested in him.
3. She learnt that paying hard to get is the way. Usually from mum,
relatives, friends and social conditioning from society that this is how
you screen out guys who are not serious and guys who are, which is
really bullshit. That don’t work on me and many guys I know. I like
honesty not games.
4. She’s type who just sends signals, hints in the hope you can ﬁgure it out
because she fears rejection.
In any case, it doesn’t really matter because I will just move on. I am not a
therapist, I don’t have time and I am not looking for patients to care. I like women
to show her desires and interest in me.
Some guys will spend their whole life trying to suss out all the 4 points. I don’t
because I can’t be assed with it. I know there are women who do show their
desires, who have moved on and that’s where my time will be.
If I am not interested in a woman, I won’t care anyway. She’d know because I’d
talk the small boring talk, nothing about adventure, fun stuﬀ. I’ll probably be like
most guys talking more in a comfort building than attraction.
Like…
Just boring conversation like job, interest, hobbies and probably let her talk about
her problems, so it becomes so platonic, she cannot see me as attractive :D

But if I am interested or curious, I’ll talk about adventure, fun, ﬂirt, kind of thing.
I’ll ﬂirt, won’t be holding back.
If she doesn’t show interest…..I will move on.
If it’s one word replies, if it’s two word replies, if I feel she ain’t putting much
eﬀort then I don’t care if she is shy, inexperienced, not moved on from past
relationship, playing hard to get or sending signals.
I will move on.
I don’t know about what other guys feels. Whenever I answer, I answer from my
personal point of view and experiences.
I’m talking from my personal preference if women are interested in me.
Show feelings. Show desire, Turn me the fuck on. Talk, ﬂirt, touch, lick your lips,
stroke your hand on my body, tell me you desire me, say it, reveal your true self,
in all your glory because hints, suble messages I do not value.
I like courage, not loud and arrogance but courage, showing vulnerability. Stick
your neck out, kind of thing because it’s what I do, and it’s a traite I admire.
908 Views · View Upvoters

Many users are very active on Quora. It's like they're jobless and
doing charity by answering other users’ queries all day. Could
they be earning?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know man.
I mean, since I have used Quora, in last couple of weeks.
I got this through my post…(awesome drawing tablet)

I got this also through the post….microphone, mic holder, pop sheild, multiple
USB holder, a new mouse…

And I am just waiting now for the audio interface, the large mixer and other stuﬀ
to create my own home recording studio, with arts and animation/video software
How I did that on Quora is a diﬀerent thing but if you like to know how, then you
probably need to ask the right question.
Like..
Adam Taha's answer to How can I use Quora to make money?
Nothing is what it seems.
People see what they focus on the most.
;)
854 Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl whom another guy likes being around with. Should
I quickly tell her my feelings?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If confessing means you’re going to tell her you love her and all those romantic
stuﬀ you see on Hollywood, Bollywood movies and romance novels?
Then no.
Instead, you need to capture her emotions to get her to FEEL excited about what
it be like to date you - to then lead her imagination.
So do yourself a favour…
Don’t ﬁll in…the gap.
Let HER ﬁll in the gap by herself for her to fantasize and you do that by making
her feel excited, aroused and desiring you more.
Don’t take that away for her to do some work.
When you confess all these feelings to her when she hasn’t emotionally invested,
took action to say yes, dated you, got intimate with you, then you will make her
feel awkward.
Don’t make her feel awkward but rather feel excited, aroused, desiring you and
you do that by not putting everything on a plate in one go.
1. You approach light heartedly. Don’t make it serious. Light hearted.
2. You ﬂirt, you arouse her, be fun, let her see what it be like to be with you,
and date you.
3. You be a challenge. No, not playing hard. Don’t invest tons of time being
around her until she is dating you. You want to ﬁnd out if she is willing to
invest in you, so don’t play safe. Approach and…
4. Flirt, you be fun, you converse.
5. When you get a yes, and exchange numbers - keep your texting fun, light
hearted. Don’t pound texting with lots of essays, but simple, fun, text,
role playing.
6. Lead texting to going out together. Remember the goal is not to impress
her. It is to go out on a date together.
7. When you do meet, assume she is your girlfriend. Don’t behave platonic,
like a friend but a lover. Playing safe, isn’t going to create tension.
Smiling, embracing her immediately, kissing her and taking her hand to
lead, does. It shows you’re conﬁdent and dating isn’t new to you. Lead.
You need to forget that guy and focus more on building yourself to be more
attraction by doing the steps I mention. Stay away from being jealous, needy and
clingy. Don’t orbit around her because you’re afraid of losing the girl.
There’s plenty of girls on this planet.
So don’t be like most guys, putting your happiness and freedom aside, as well as
your boundaries because you fear “losing the one girl.”
If she says no, move on. No questions on here again on how she said no and “what
should I do.” Or “what does it mean?”
That’s oneitis. Read up on what it is.
You move on and approach other girls because you’re not putting any girl on a
pedestal. There isn’t “the one” and “she’s so diﬀerent and special.” We all
diﬀerent and we all special. No pedestals pumping!
Control your emotions.
In other words…

Keep your feet on the ground and away from fantasy, myths and behaving like a
chump. Show you got balls to walk away if she doesn’t move her ass to show
interest back at you, but do so politely.
This attitude, this type of mindset will serve you well when it comes to dating. It
prevents you being played, wasting time, being a chump in chasing girls, and
being played by girls who just want attention, who use you for status, who do
things out of boredom and who get a kick by playing hard to get.
It eliminates so many frustrations.
You’re purpose when approaching is not to win any girl over.
It is to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest in you.
If she isn’t, you move on politely, like you don’t give a shit, smile and behave
diﬀerent to many guys who pine over girls. Don’t act weird and wounded. Be a
man who knows himself and that the world is ﬁlled with options.
The last thing you need is to live in a scarecity mode. Have a mindset of
abundance and detache from the outcome.
So keep your feet on the ground and mindset tough.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How does one gain wisdom?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jul 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“A fool think himself to be wise but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.” Shakespeare
Your cup will forever be half full no matter how much you know. It is the
realisation that one self is always lacking and there is so much more to learn.
So we will always be seeking knowledge and in our seeking, we shall discover
there is so much yet to know in this short life we have. Even if you and I were to
live ten lives, we won’t know everything. On and on it goes.
So stay humble and appreciate that no matter how much you know, you will
never know everything but that is what’s amazing about it all.
Learning and growing never stops.
As Shakespeare once wrote…
“A fool think himself to be wise but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.”
954 Views · View Upvoters

The girl I have a crush on is dating a jerk. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“He’s an asshole.”
He is only an asshole because he is dating the girl you like. In fact, if you didn’t
even like this girl you won’t give a damn about who she is dating.
You know who does this too?
Girls.
“I like this guy but he’s dating this slut, a bitch. She don’t treat him right but I
could.”

Yes there is something you can do.
Move on.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

As a guy, what's the best way to deal with a girl who thinks
you're not worth talking to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That’s easy man.
Go and buy a strong crisps that also makes loud crunches. I’d go for maybe cheese
and onion. Man they can be strong or something else.
Then sit back to the same place where you left her.
Then ﬁght with your packet of crisps…CRUNCH..SHHHHH CRYNSHHHHHH.
Open it up and..
Munch….Munch…Munch….MUNCH…MUNCH…MUNCH.
When done. If she’s still there. Put some air in it and burst it.
Then walk away as you dunk the empty burst packet in the trash.
OR…just don’t give her any attention.
;)
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if you just found out your ex cheated on you
during the relationship but had never told you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would be like, “Meh. Ok what’s on Netﬂix” and turn to the new girl I am dating,
who is already working to unzip me.
In other words, she is the past and it is just proof that I am one lucky guy for
moving on but anything else like “OMG! I will now tell her that she’s to blame…”
not going to waste my breath.
Especially when I got a lot of living and fun to do. Not going to give her the
attention. That’s a currency I don’t give out so easily.
I also would have blocked her number and moved on 100%. I won’t be answering
any text and I won’t be blaming anyone.
It’s the past. Move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

A girl that likes me won't date me because she claims it won't
work out in the long run. Is this a valid reason? She talked about
how easily she could fall in love with some other guy. They
went on a date and the guy tried to molest her.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn’t matter if it’s a valid reason. She showed her intent. That’s all that
matters. She’s not interested and she hasn’t shown any eﬀort that she is willing to
invest time to date and knowing you.
I follow this rule here….

It is either a Fuck Yes or Fuck No.
Anything else, I’m not there to be her therapist decoding what is in her head, if
it’s valid reason or not. It’s a waste of my sweet time wondering anything else. It is
either a yes or no. If I don’t get a yes, anything else, is not my problem and I’ll take
it as a no. I’m moving on.
Take it s a no, don’t give her anymore attention and move on to a diﬀerent girl
whenever a diﬀerent girl you like comes along.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What do you think is the ﬁrst requirement to be an author?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered Jul 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Don’t over think.
Don’t become your ﬁrst critic. First create. Instead of thinking what cannot
happen, who won’t like your work and just go and create. Get your head down
and write, write, write and share your writing.
Far too many fear showing other people’s their work and become critics instead
of just creating ﬁrst. Don’t be afraid to show to others who you respect, admire,
better than you at writing to look at your work.
Which leads us to..
2. Let go. If you want other people to give you feed back then let go of your ego.
Give room to ask questions when you get feed back..
“Hmm. Do I really need to improve in this?”
Then don’t take it person and try. Take all advise you get, don’t take it personal,
try and see if it improves your write. If not, there we go. That way people want to
give help, people won’t be afraid to share their thoughts but in the end of the day,
you will need to make that decision what is best for you.
3. Forget writing big stuﬀ.
If you are an author who likes writing stories, start with writing lots of stories. If
you want to write for a magazine, write lots of short columns. If you want to be a
journalist, investigate and write short investigative stories, news. You’d be
surprised how doing short stuﬀ…crafts you to use less words, have less space to
get rid of the ﬂuﬀ and focus on your talent and skill as a writer, and storyteller.
Start small, short and get good at that.
4. Learn structure.
There is structure for everything. Learn the structure of writing stories. Have an
understanding about development of the story with the characters. There is
desire, their is moral weakness, their is phsychological weakness, there is
opponent, to all kinds of components, to even the type of metaphor within these
stories, the type of environment etc.
5. Stand for something
Don’t just write a story. Write what you’re passionate about. This is your time,
where you write to share how you see the world, how you see a certain issue, your
opinion about things and letting your story have meaning. Live in these
characters but also don’t let your ego get in the way. For example if you protrayed
a character which is of you, you’re not perfect, you got ﬂaws, you got messed up
things in you life, and so, show these in that character because it is these that
make the story real fore we all are not perfect, we all have a mess we hide, we all
desire things we do not like anyone to know because we fear being judged as
sexual, as obessivess, as weak, as uncool, or diﬀerent etc.

Be an author who doesn’t just write but writes with meaning, purpose, where it
connects with your audience deep inside of them. That when you write, you’re
whole being is in these stories. It doesn’t have to be big but it means a great deal
to you. So…stand for something.
6. Be Patient
It will take time. Believe in yourself and in that you will get better at writing. If
you are humble to learn from others, you read a lot and write a lot, you will get
better at what you do. Find a mentor who you admire and whose work you like
and learn from them. It doesn’t even have to be someone alive. They have their
work on those shelves., Go and buy their books and read their work and learn.
738 Views · View Upvoters

Why don't men seem to be interested in me when everyone tells
me I am pretty and would make an excellent girlfriend? I try to
be approachable. I’m totally embarrassed and frustrated about
the entire thing. I have no idea why I'm so unlikable.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, most women think being approachable is smiling, being presentable, or
even talking to someone. I don’t know where they get this idea that’s
approachable.
Approachable means..
Be proactive in conveying your interest to someone you see.
I don’t see any of that in the details.
I don’t see..
“When I see a guy I like, I smile, wave, walk over and say hi, and then talk, ﬂirt and
even go far as physical touch conversation. Then I ask him out for a cup of coﬀee.”
That’s approachable in my book.
Not “I look presentable, I smile, I am pretty.”
I understand about rejection. It works both ways. Guys also fear rejection.
It is the same reason why many guys are unapproachable.
They do nothing in the context of what they desire. They do opposite. Most play
hard, or be secretive, being friends with a woman for a long time, and don’t really
show the interest by being proactive in asking women out.
Just looking for signals and come on here with shit questions like..
“We talked for hours, we have so much in common, she looked into my eyes for
more than 4 seconds. What does it mean?”
It means, you got no balls to ask her out! Like we can read her mind and got
superpowers no one else got.
They just sit there, staring, or talking with girl, but deep down they wish they can
just say to girl..
“Hey, beauty is so damn common. I like to ﬁnd out more about you. Let’s go for a
drink this week.”
And if she says yes, they exchange numbers and sort it out.
I feel women need to do that if guys are not approaching themselves then you get
same results. Sure, friends/people will say all sorts..

“Oh you’re so pretty.”
But sitting pretty, talking and not intiating it into the context one needs is not
going to show to other person you desire them.
Men also like women to show they desire them.
Maybe that’s what you’re not doing. You’re not showing you desire them but
smiling, maybe talking and that doesn’t say much to guys.
37.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you want to become in your life?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Jul 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you want to spend your life?

The way I am doing right now.
1. Creating my own stuﬀ to build a business based on what I am passionate
about
2. Making money by making a diﬀerence in people’s lives
3. Dating women
4. Having tons of sex
5. Having fun and not take life so seriously
6. Travelling the world doing music and seeing lots of things around the
world
It’s a pretty cool life being a wild free, adventureous spirit.
832 Views · View Upvoters

How can I use Quora to make money?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok, Here’s how I do it.
1. Focus on a topic area you’re really into and you’re good at.
Something that makes you feel alive. Something you’re going to take further later
on with your strategy and plan.
I chose…DATING.
There is much more to this. Like business name for the future, product name, lots
of things, which I won’t go into. I am not doing justice to the amount of thinking,
acquiring knowledge, skills and experience over the years to planning..strategy
etc.
I’m just outlining in a basic way.
2. It’s got to be part of something bigger.
Quora must only be like a small step of a strategy and marketing plan, not the all
of everything. Think of it this way. If Quora suddenly got sold and gone, what
happens now for you? So make sure no matter what, it is just part of a small
strategy and yet it is important.
For example, there was a platform called Squidoo.
People use to share content and got paid from products they added from amazon.
This went on for years until Squidoo was sold.
It was sold to Hubpages.

Imagine all that work you put in to now move to another platform.
And all that traﬃc gone! Just like that!
So think about your own assets. Invest in your grand plan that’s about your
legacy.
Example, I am building a website, products, but in my own style. I have a strategy
in mixing music about dating, animation, illustration books, all sorts and all of
these are done by combining my talents into a unique combination.
It’s in a story way but with all the skills I have learnt put together.
So invest in your own platform in the future, your own asset that no one can take
away from you and tell you how to do things.
3. Focus on answering questions regading dating.
You can do other questions too but the key is, that more of your answers, huge
chunk of them are targeting questions all about dating. You want to see a pattern
and type of questions that keeps coming up.
People will then contact you by private messages.
You need to be patient. This takes time. Forget chasing votes and all that. Focus
on being creative with your answers.
4. Decide who you are. Own your personality.
If you’re a sexual lover badboy, be that person. Be true to who you are and be
consistent to it. If you’re personality pisses oﬀ a lot of people who don’t agree
with your values…that’s life.
My personality is sexual lover. Loves women, sex, ﬂirty AND…if women start
blazing away or white knights who tell me all men aren’t like that….,I really don’t
give a fuckl. They are not my audience!
I’m not apologetic about who I am.
I focus in attracting people like me who love women, want to date women, love
sex, and live their life on their own terms.
That’s me and that’s the personality it comes with. You cannot please everyone
and being all safe won’t get you far in life either.
5. Educate your audience who contact you
You need to educate them to use only the Quora system to answer questions
while adding, that you don’t answer questions on private messages. If they want
more of your time, hire you.
This also allows you to see and learn what system to put in place, type of website,
all sorts in future like email list, type of products to create.
I am doing this not just on Quora but other platforms.
I am even testing landing pages with speciﬁc ads and will combine all I learnt for
the future. I am not rushing things.
6. Paypal. How people will pay for your private time.
Have yourself hooked up on to paypal. Everything ready.
7. Invest right back.
When you make money don’t go oﬀ spending it. You need to put monies away for
registration biz, taxes etc, and also equipment, tools.
Due to how I want to do things in future, I invested in the following from monies
from clients. Here’s what I got in the last two weeks from having clients…

1. Microphone, Mic stand and grip, Pop sheild to put over microphone,
foam to put over the mic head. I am going to do audios to sell and use
sound for other things like videos, animation, music production all
around dating. Combining my other talents….

2. Drawing Tablet….

I’m writing books but in a diﬀerent way than most. I illustrate mine and tell as a
story. Illustrating on paper takes time.
Like this book I am working on. You see illustration and it took time doing one
because I sketched on paper, scanned to computer and used digital software. But
with tablet I can start immediately on my computer software Photoshop..

Then I use a design software called Indesign to put the text and design together to
convert in future as PDF and Physical books..

Other things coming like a large music Mixer, audio interface, professional music
softwares and a digital camera, lights, etc.
I’m going to do my shit in a creative way and other talents/skills together.
So my clients in future going to have fun. I’ll be creating app too for dating in
future. An App where they imagine they see girls and they approach. So the app
teaches, helps them to correct their behaviour and more.
So it all focuses on one thing….Dating.
There we go.
This is how use Quora to make money without breaking any policy. You won’t see
me putting links on here.
Or selling products on here. Quora is but a tiny part of my strategy as I am doing
other things outside Quora.
I don’t rely on one source but working towards others, and building my own
platform as part of ownership. I will still be here sharing content but I will have
my own platform too in the future.
Oh and by the way, my clients are awesome!
They Rock! They have changed my life too. I have met some of my clients as well
as some are from London too. Some though far away like India. USA, Brazil,
Germany, Egypy, Turkey, Italy, France etc.
They so amazing to talk with and things I learn about their life is great.
They are serious about what they want to achieve, they are fun to talk with, they
are very passionate about their life and solving the dating problems. They respect
my time. They appreciate the extra time I give and documents I do for them
personally so all is recorded to look back on.
They understand time is valuable and they don’t grunt and complain about
paying. They have a great mindset to life which I appreciate.
It’s a great feeling when you they come back with feed back sharing what
happened when they applied the steps on skype session. You can actually feel
their life changing, and they now see how to make it happen.

They come from diﬀerent countries, cultures and it’s exciting to hear about how
they’re life is changing for best.
So I thank them for trusting me because it’s not easy trusting someone online.
Most of all, letting me in their lives.
One day, we’ll have a large meetup for us all to meet together, face to face. Like a
massive party kind of thing somewhere in world.
So that’s something I will invest in the future too.
I’m very excited :D
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach a girl without making my heart beat a
billion times a second?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“Cowards die many times before their deaths;
The valiant never taste of death but once…”
- William Shakespeare
Cowards will experience the fear of rejection, over and over, and over again. They
fall in love so easy to the fantasy of life because they know not what love is.
They speak of love, of dying love, of desiring what they want, masturbating
everyday in their mind about someone….and yet…do not even approach a
girl/guy with honesty, integrity, self respect and showing vulnerability.
To approach, ﬂirt, converse, be fun and whether she says yes or no, it’s cool. At
least you didn’t die time and time again.
When you hesitate you die many a times but when you take action, when you
approach, do what you need to do and even if she says no…the end has come fast.
Now you can move forward to one day like another girl and another, and another
until one says…YES.
And even when she says yes…it might end fast or one day, to start all over again.
Same with anything else in life.
Courage does not exist without fear. That is why men and women who are seen as
courageous are admired.
They are ordinary people like you, like all of us, and because they take action they
become extraordinary. They achieve what we seem to think is unreachable. They
go for what they desire.
They do so instantly because they know…
“Cowards die many times before their deaths;
The valiant never taste of death but once.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard,
It seems to me most strange that men should fear;
Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.”
Take action. Focus eyes on her and forget the beat. Move faster. Don’t over think
and hesitate.
Or you’ll keep dying time and time again.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it rude to block someone on Quora without telling them why?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Sep 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it’s not rude.
If someone is rude on my answer, acting like an ass, I won’t send a message and
then block. I don’t play games.
I do block often too because I get some people who are on Anonymous and think
they can start a ﬁght, or point ﬁngers, insulting etc. Or they are not Anon but still,
pain in the ass. I didn’t come here arguing and debating who is right.
My answer is my opinion.
If someone don’t like my answer, they can go and write their own. If I see
someone insulting another author, I will block them too. I will even report.
No need for people coming on here insulting, lashing out and all that. Leave that
at home and back where the toxic attitude came from.
When I’m blocking someone, I don’t owe them anything. Also when I block
them….I don’t get some report from Mods. They do and they see exactly the
comments the person has left and behaviour.
Steps I take are….
1. Report them.
2. Report their comment.
3. Block them.
And I happily move on to a diﬀerent question.
765 Views · View Upvoters

A lady friend of mine told me that she was glad she met me.
what does she mean by that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, you’re not curious why she said that.
Be honest.
You want to know if she is infatuated by you, into you, like you…attracted to you.
This is due to you not manning up and just say so to her.
I know, I know. I get this all time from guys and girls.
So I am going to say it ﬁrst before you do… :)
“But she’s/he’s a friend and I don’t want to lose a friend and…blah blah
blah..”
Ok then. Forget thinking about it and leave your inner social circle alone. Don’t
entertain the thought and just take what the person says at face value.
Signals…what someone said and does are ambigious.
The only way a person ever knows is by clarity.
Only way clarity can ever happens is when the person is direct about their
feelings to that person. If you feel something for this person and you are willing
to risk it, then be direct with the person.
If not, forget doing your head in on what it means, why, what, etc.

No one knows.
Her touches can mean anything. Women, some like touching. Men too. I hug
women but it doesn’t mean I want to date them. I kiss women on cheek when we
meet. It doesn’t mean I want to date them.
I stroke women on back, on arm, laugh, and all that.
It means nothing than just me being friendly and a friend. That is it.
I dance with women on the dance ﬂoor. 4 women at a time and sometimes even
more, and my arms all around them.
It doesn’t mean I want to date them, romance with them, have sex with them. I
am just having fun because if I do want to with a woman……I will say it to her,
clearly, in her face, no problem at all. Friends or no friend.
I just don’t touch inner social circle. I like to keep them as friends. It helps to keep
my sanity and away from all the bullshit so many put themselves in.
You can of course hire a psychic.
I can direct you to one if you like. They will love to take your money and tell you
all you LIKE to hear but not really the truth :D
Let it go. Forget thinking about what anything means.
You like? Ask her out.
You don’t want to risk? Leave it alone.
7k Views · View Upvoters

My family told me that making the ﬁrst move (like starting a
conversation) without any knowledge of each other is
desperate and cheap. Is it true?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People, including relatives, family and friends, will lie sometimes to protect you
from getting hurt. It is their fear, their insecurities, their perception.
Here’s what leading can do…
This girl I know, she liked this guy. He worked in supermarket in Paris. She’s been
going in and out, buying milk. Just to see this guy.
You know what stopped her?
“But won’t it seem desperate if I say hi ﬁrst to someone who doesn’t know me, and I
don’t know him?”
One day, she realised something, “what the hell was I thinking?!”
Because how did she know all her friends? How did she know the many people in
her life? How did she get someone to refer a great job to her? How did many of the
opportunities in life she beneﬁts from, happened?
Of course! She approached and said, “Hey there, my name is..”
That was it.
She realised she was making excuses for herself to not get rejected. She feared
rejection. She feared getting hurt but we all do. She feared what other people
think of her. It was her fears and fears of people she once knew that has been
swimming in her head and somehow she forgotten what really worked for her!

That’s part of life. We take risks and sometimes we get what we desire and
sometimes we don’t. At least we don’t say, “what if?”
She marches in, walks up to guy and some of the workers are looking. They have
been telling this guy this girl likes him but he didn’t believe them.
She walks right up to him and says..
“Hey there! I just wanted to ask if you like to have a cup of coﬀee with me this
week?”
He smiled and replied, “Yes, I would.”
Years later, they now run a beautitil accommadation business together in Paris,
south of France. I’ve been there and it’s awesome place.
Much of their success is based on approaching, starting a conversation without
letting ego….fear…get in the way.
They have wonderful children.
Her sister, same thing….
One day she saw this guy in a Night Club. Now her sister is diﬀerent. Dominant,
likes to lead, take charge and doesn’t fall for this dating nonsense about being
desperate for talking ﬁrst and waiting…waiting…pretending to not be interested.
She sees this tall guy and girls are around him.
She walks right over to him and says..
“Hey. Are any of these girls you’re girlfriend?”
“No” he replies.
“Great! Let’s go and dance.”
Years later, they are together and have children.
Almost all the dates I have had was due to me approaching ﬁrst and starting the
conversation. In fact many opportunities in my life happened this way.
I became one of the successful sales rep in a company because I lead the
conversation. I called ﬁrst. I approached people ﬁrst. I talked to people ﬁrst. I said
“hey there,” to people ﬁrst.
The success I have had in my life is credited to doing so.
Even getting the jobs I wanted in the past, the clients, the many friends I have
made…to…the women I desire.
It’s not desperate.
It’s what leaders do.
They go for what they want and they do not care what the other person might
think in regards to how they take charge and lead.
Saying….leading a conversation with someone you don’t know is desperate…is in
fact neediness. It is neediness because one is putting someone else’s opinion over
one’s own opinion of themselves.
If someone knows who they are, what does it matter if the other person thinks
one is desperate or not?
Neediness comes from….Fear.
It is a social mask seeking validation from someone else. Why else would anyone
say is desperate to start ﬁrst? Because they are concerned and worried how it

looks to someone else, to society etc.
You’re not seeking for validation or approval.
You’re looking if the person is worthwhile investing in and if the person is willing
to invest in getting to know you too.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My ex-girlfriend who dumped me for another guy still contacts
me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jul 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why she does that to you is because you let her.
Right now, you’re on here when you could have made a decision on your own to
not take this shit from any girl.
You do what?
You Block.
You want to forget her? Block her. No more contact on phone, on social media.
That is really it.
That’s how you move on.
And don’t even get me started about being friends. Screw that crap. I won’t want a
friend like that in my life because friends take your feelings into consideration.
So the problem is not her. She by nature has been doing that crap, testing your
frame long ago, before you both broke up.
You need to change your behaviour.
No more nice guy.
Block her and be done with.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell the diﬀerence between if a girl is playing hard
to get or if she just isn't interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, that’s something I don’t do.
I don’t look for signals and wonder what it means, or if they playing this or that.
Hell no. What I do is I give the girls a chance.
Like this..
1. I approach
2. I show my intent. Flirt, converse, we exchange numbers. I have shown I
am interested and even said so.
3. Now, I take action to lead to date. If she doesn’t show interest by saying
YES, I move on. I don’t need to think for her, wondering why she did this,
if she’s playing hard to get or not interest. I took control. I lead and I
expect her to take control and show clarity. She got a chance and so, I
move on.
Either it is a FUCK YES or FUCK NO.

If girl don’t understand that, she ain’t worth my sweet damn time to date. Play all
games one wants, be hesitent. No problem.
She is ONE girl on this planet.
Millions on this planet to approach. The faster you move on, the faster you get to
a girl who says yes and she too is sick of the games.
She will want….what you want = clarity not games.
Move on.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I give up on a guy I never talk to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s what I advise you do..
1. Write this on your JOURNAL..
“I AM GOING TO TALK TO HIM TODAY! BRB!”
2. Then throw Taylor Swift songs away because you haven’t even started
with him and you’re already talking about breaking up :D
3. Call him or text him, “Hey, you hot stuﬀ, you sexy bastard. I want
you….so meet me at the blah blah place.”
4. Then when you see him… “Hey you sexy fucking beast! Come here. I got
something to tell you. You and Me, right now.
THEN….rip your clothes oﬀ and rip his shirt oﬀ, and press his head onto
your chest and make hot sex all night, as music kicks oﬀ, with credits…
MOVIE MADE BY YOU.
You now have a date. In fantasy land ;)
You’re taking it too seriously. Far too seriously. Talking about love and all that.
Come on! Step back a bit..
You created such a big picture, a movie in your head about him, put him on a
pedestal that you got yourself so choked up and emotionally charged.
Relax. Just go and talk to him. Don’t make it serious because it is this that’s
creating the awkwardiness.
Relax, be fun, and just let go of the outcome.
You cannot give up on what you haven’t even started.
Start. Go and talk to him, suggest a place to go and drink, chill. The moment you
take the action, all the nerves will simmer down.
Life is giving you a message….make your move.
Take action.
Have fun!
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl. We went out couple of times. She says she likes
me, but she is not emotionally available for a relationship.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jul 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take it as a no. The attraction is not there or wasn’t there in the ﬁrst place. So this
is a rejection but she just lightened it for you.
Don’t look at what it means i.e. “does emotionally blah blah means she’s not
interested in me anymore…”
It means a no. It means move on. It means what it says. Take it as a no. You
cannot rationalise anything that happened in past with her.
This is the present and the present is no and so you don’t waste time trying to
ﬁgure out what she means. All you need to know is she is not available, whatever
she said, emotionally, this or that. She’s not into you.
She didn’t want to say, “no, not interested in you.”
You’ll hear lots of these..
“I just broken up so not ready.”
“I’m not emotionally ready for a relationship.”
“I’m too busy,”
“I’m not looking for a relationship.”
It’s not a Yes. It’s a no but she doesn’t want conﬂict, drama, and so she said it
politely to you and hopes you take the hint to move on.
So move on and approach other girls and don’t look into it that much. Take it for
face value that she’s not available.
Plenty of girls out there who are available.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My brother hates me. He has stopped loving me. Did I do
something wrong? I feel unwanted.?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nah. Many brothers are like that. Like myself.
I got brothers, we don’t talk to each other much, we don’t call, we don’t really do
much togeher. We live our lives but also cold in showing emotions.
When young, we would ﬁght each other, proper ﬁst ﬁght, and I mean huge ﬁghts.
And we ignored each other too. We sometimes looked at each other evil way,
pissed oﬀ way, got on each others nerves.
Sometimes, we got Jealous and somertimes we’re battling for authority, for
domination and all stuﬀ you probably going through now.
And sometimes, you don’t know why you do it. You just do. You know, we’re men.
We’re guys. We boys. We ﬁght, we cuss, we say “fuck oﬀ” we do all sorts man.
But as years went by and as we grew as men, and when something happened, we
came together. I’d see his daughters, they cute, we have fun, I run and laugh with
them and well with him it be..
“Hi”
“Hi”
Then nothing. Like a nod, as a sign of respect and nothing else. Then back to just
living our lives.
Let’s say, when anyone fucks around with one brother, you better be ready
because we all be coming. Or family in trouble, ﬁnancially, or something, we
come together and help out.

We’re just guys, brothers.
When time we need each other, we’re there.
That’s how it will be for you and your brother. So don’t think he doesn’t love you.
Sometimes, that’s way it is with brothers.
Each of us got our own shit, facing world, ﬁnding our own place and much of the
time, it ain’t even about each other.
Such things will change as you all get older and though not a lot of change, but
enough, if one of you needed help or you, you’ll see your bro beside you.
He probably just pissed oﬀ with world, or something.
Relax. Brothers will be brothers.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do most Indian girls says they don't want to be in a
relationship and then suddenly get in a relationship with a
random guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jul 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The girls who say to a guy they don’t want to be in a relationship, are saying it to
THAT one guy or guys they are not into. It’s a rejection.
It’s very common to hear such phrase but what isn’t common is a guy who has a
thorough understanding of dating, the process, has knowledge in woman
psychology with dating, conﬁdent, not needy and can easily walk away.
That attitude took some time for me to develop although I developed it very fast
because I learnt a great deal about women. Knowledge and experience is power
and when young, I made many approaches, learnt a lot to know how to help
myself and guys on solving such problems.
However, if a guy has this problem and it is consistent then it is because of his
approach he did way back, in the very beginning and the rejection is just feed
back. It cannot be resolved by going back to her.
I won’t go into for now.
Other reason is she’s not into him anyway.
Many women no matter where you are, won’t say “no” sometimes because they
probably did that before.
They probably said no before and guy they are not interested in, who they feel is
just not attractive for them, is like platonic type, keeps chasing. Such guys won’t
take a no and so they orbit around girl pretending to be friends when they like the
girl.
Also, some women have experienced that if they say no, the Nice Guy gets
aggressive, weird, starts cussing her or trying to push it with her. They show they
are not so nice.
So past experiences from herself or from other women, plays a part to…say things
in a way to soften the blow with the guy.
That way they can avoid any conﬂict.
So most women will say to this guy..
“I’m so busy, I can’t.”
“I’m not looking for a relationship right now.”

“I don’t want to be in a relationship.”
“I’ll think about it.”
“Etc cetre.”
It’s a rejection. She has shown her intent. She is saying she is not attracted to this
guy in that way. It hurts a guy more if he invested too much in the beginning and
if he continues to invest more.
What it doesn’t mean is - if a guy comes along who behaves in an attractive
manner and who she feels attraction to, that she won’t date and be in a
relationship with him. She will date that new guy and be in relationship with
him.
The question is focused on logic.
But this isn’t logic. Dating isn’t logical. Far from it.
This is emotional.
That she is not attracted to some guys, but she cannot say no because she feels it
will create conﬂict, awkwardiness because she knows the guy. Or she just don’t
want awkwardiness if it’s a new guy. She doesn’t know the guy and she is afraid to
say no and so from experience, memories, she says something else…
So she says, “I don’t want to be in a relationship.”
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

She cheated on her last boyfriend a few times but she says she
won't cheat on me. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, here’s the thing.
What you need to be concerned about is not that she cheated on her last
boyfriend a few times. Oh no, not that part.
It is the part on why is she is telling you?
It could be…
“This is who I am. I am pre-framing you to know this is me. I will then do the
same to you because I cannot help it. So if it does happen….you cannot say
you didn’t know. You cannot say I didn’t warn you.”
In marketing and psychology, this is called Pre-framing.
Look guys do this too..
Guy - I am still dating and having fun.”
What does that say?
That says, “I am not looking for a relationship. I want to date, have fun, and sex.
That’s it. I am…not…looking for a serious long-term relationship..”
So she is saying to you, what might happen and if it does, don’t blame her. She
has already told you, warned you, that this is her. She will probably make excuses
it was the drink, then party, whatever.
Second…..you might know the guys she dated and her friends too.
So she might be telling you this before they do.
So that could be another reason why she’s telling you. She is afraid you might
judge her like we are right here ;)

Whatever it means, take it for face value.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to make a girl feel less nervous when I know she
likes me and I like her too?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you need to do is remove the awkwardiness a bit more. You cannot do this if
you are playing safe and not leading.
Here’s what I do..
1. Before I meet girls, we commnicate by text and I make it fun, light
hearted. This helps to remove awkwardiness. So don’t be serious,
romantic but fun.
2. I engage her with text using role play and slowly draw her in to just have
fun, and we’re laughing. Role playing is important, as it hits in
unconscious mind of girls and it helps them to be open, fun and you can
use it later. If you know she is a nurse, a student, or into horses, or
whatever…use it to role play, some adventure and you both engage each
other.
3. When the frequency of text increase I lead to the phone..
“Hey texting is lame. Talk to you on phone in 5 mins?”
Doesn’t matter if she says in an hour or tomorrow. Lead to the phone and
talk, be fun, use what you did on text as call back humour.
But also create some comfort, bridge the gap, tell stories, ﬁnd out her
passion, you share your passion but don’t speak facts, ﬁgures, details etc.
Instead, tell stories that paint images, sceneries, feelings, values.
4. When you meet, stop playing safe. Assume she is your girlfriend, and
embrace, kiss, and take her hand, and lead.
You will ﬁnd awkwardiness is gone down, and all this “shall I kiss him? Will he
kiss me? What will think of me if I hold him?” out of the way.
So lead, take charge, remove these obstacles that’s causing friction, awkwardiness
and show her you’re a man, she can feel safe, secure cause she’s with a guy who is
conﬁdent and makes her feel relaxed.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the closest thing you have to a superpower?
Adam Taha, Superhero without the cape
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Giving More.
I know, may not sound like a super power but it is when I explain a little more. I
even surprised myself many a times.
The dream for me, was always to be able to write cheques or be like this super
hero, where I hear someone needs help, and I help them.
You know become a billionnaire and change world :D
But I didn’t get close to be one, Not close even to a millionnaire but what I found,
is the power in giving even when I needed the help for myself.
That’s the thing.

This super power can hurt too, a little. Hey, I’m human.
There was a guy looking at a guitar shop. He was staring at it for a while and he
seemed a bit sad. I have seen this guy a few times.
I one day walked into shop and he was standing out side again, staring at this one
guitar. I walked outside and I asked..
“Hey man, good guitar isn’t it?”
“Yeah but I’ll never be able to aﬀord it now.”
“Hmm. How come?”
“I lost my job and money I wanted to get this guitar, a mixer, went into being on
my feet until I get a job. I had to move to. But what got me, is my dad got really ill,
and so I am helping him too.”
I heard two voices in my head.
One voice saying, “don’t you do it. You saved for a guitar for ages. You got to do
those gigs. Don’t do it.”
And another voice, saying, “You will be ok. You’re a super hero.”
I walked into shop, bought the guitar and saw the sadness as the guy went to get
the guitar from the window.
I walked out and gave him the guitar with..
“Now you can sing to your dad and everyone else. have a nice day” and walked
away.
One voice saying “are you nuts! Crazy! Stop doing this shit.”
And other voice said, “feels good, doesn’t it?”
The other time, is when I was at a record studio and a group of guys and girls were
there, asking how much to book studio.
The guy said “£560 for a full day.”
Their heart sank. They looked to each other and then asked a guy..
“Is there a studio where we can do a demo for £100? That’s all we got?”
But no. The city is ﬁlled with recording studios and long gone are the studios that
use to help communities to do that due to cutting taxes etc. Lots of organisations
gone for these young guys and girls.
As they walked out, and girls saying “I knew it be more. Shit!”
The other guys feeling down as their coolness hit rock bottom, I talked to the
engineer, and he went down the steps and…
“Hey, wait a minute.”
They stopped…
“We just had a cancellation and we’ll lose money, so you can get 6 hours for £100
and…you’ll get very good engineer.”
I saw smiles on their faces when they walked back up and into the reception.
They couldn’t believe it. I can feel their excitement. The girls jumping a bit and
smiling, and the guys we’re like - ‘Yeah man, we’re cool. We got this!’
I don’t know. I just felt like they were my bros and sisters. Sure, diﬀerent race,
colour, white british but I saw them like my family, which is what the human race
is. Family.

He took them to studio room and it’s massive. He introduced them to the
engineer, came back and I paid the man for the full day studio discreetly.
One voice in my head. “you’re fucking crazy!
The other, “it feels good, doesn’t it?”
So my life has been like that. I am not rich. I am not poor. I am just an ordinary
guy, with a super power to give more.
Sometimes, to even letting my dream down a little, so I can see others get a
chance.
My girl friends I date see me do this too and they always say, “you give to much,
what about you?”
I know, time is running short, my dreams need somethings I need to do but I
realised, my dream was always to inspire with my art, music, knowledge,
expertise, and say “be brave, just go for it, do it for the feeling.”
So in a sense, I got my dream.
Not in way I imagines, you know, me being a billionnaire, signing checks, ﬂying
all over to help, without anyone kind of knowing, but hey, it’s something.
I know it might not change anything in world.
I might not even make a dent.
But I sometimes wonder about the guy who got the guitar, the girl who got her
violin, the guy who got the job due to some crazy moves I did, the artists who
wanted to record a demo, and many more…and think…maybe..they don’t see the
world as bad as they thought it be.
I don’t know and I suppose I will never know.
All I know is I have an awesome super power where I can give in the most
desperate times of my life, when I am in need, and feel good about it because it
comes from a real place. It doesn’t come when I got everything sorted.
It is giving when sometimes it’s all I got to give.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

We have been texting for 4 months daily now but have never
met. Should we continue?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

4 months is a long time with texting. You need to make a move or attraction will
die out. Make your move, and meet each other or awkwardiness will increase.
Move the texting to phone call.
Then move the phone call to lead to meeting face to face. Get that comfort going
on phone a little but not too much, still keep it light hearted…. and leave rest
when meeting face to face.
Don’t leave it too long.
If the person is not leading, you lead. It’s not awkward except if you don’t do this
steps. This will help the process.
Make your move and say by text…
“Hey, you won’t believe what happened today,. so funny. Let’s talk on phone…”

Make that step. Move it to next base.
And then be honest and say..
“I just had to get you on phone so I can hear your voice and talk.”
Or, “I was thinking, we’ve been texting for 4 months and I never even asked to
talk on phone. What was I thinking hahaha,” when your on phone with him.
Just do anything to get him on phone and the awkwardiness will go. Just keep it
fun, light hearted, laugh with each other on phone, no details, facts, no talk about
the army but fun, light hearted, relax.
Talk about what you both can do when you meet, role play.
The awkwardiness will then go.
Then talk about meeting up face to face.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

My ex girlfriend talks to me about her sexual relationships,
what should I do about it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Answer changed. She knows she is doing this to you. Don’t give her the attention.
You just need to set boundaries.
Here’s what you do.
1. Set boundaries.
2. Tell her you’re not interested in her stories about her sexy life.
3. If she keeps doing it again…lose contact, block her.
4. Done.
That’s all you need to do.
She knows you’re into her still. She knows mate, so don’t give her the attention,
don’t let her rattle you and just go and approach some girls and start dating.
Don’t wait around for her.
People will only do what you give permission for them to do and if they don’t stay
in boundaries, best to close all contact.
She knows she has you by the balls.
Psychologically playing games with you, telling you all these stories, pre-framing
and if you date her, she knows, she can do this because..
1. You know what she is like
2. She has told you what she is like
3. And you then cannot blame her for doing this if she ever dates you again
So take it from face value, that if ever you dated her, she will walk all over you,
because you’re a NICE GUY, passive, timid, waiting around for her to like you,
because you have no options.
You need to go out, approach other girls, and create options.
Move on with your life bruv because you’re going to get hurt real bad, if you date
this girl. You’re not emotionally strong for this girl, she likes games and
manipulate and she is telling you this is who she is.

So forget going back with her if her losing control, (excuses) to drink, have sex
with other guys is going to do your head in, if ever you date your ex-girlfriend
again.
She knows what she is doing.
She knows this ticks you oﬀ.
She knows it’s rattling you.
She knows you’re still into her and she knows, that if you let her in your life, she
can do what she has been telling you and you cannot say to her anything.
Why?
She will say, “but you already knew this is what I’m like. That I can’t control this
blah blah blah.”
So now ask yourself this question.
What is your boundaries?
Set them right now and move on.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is Quora's single greatest strength?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m going to keep it simple..
1. It’s easy to use
You don’t have to have buy a domain name
You don’t have to design a website
You don’t have to be a techie hot shot
It’s easy as write and click post
Even notiﬁciations sorted for yah.
It’s free
So for me it is the….simplicity that anyone can use right now.
472 Views · View Upvoters

What are some examples of your own artwork?
Adam Taha, Developing the mind with hobbies
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I work with diﬀerent mediums, have diﬀerent styles…
Characters…

Cartoon sketches that makes me look at the funny side of life to things about
social life. Helps me to just doodle and chill…

Watercolour sketches and paintings, with touch of digital…

620 Views · View Upvoters

If you were given a choice between saving the world or
everyone you know and love, which one do you choose?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hang on a minute.
You crafty, you, aren’t yah? Hahaha.
Clever.
If this was done on purpose, I am buying you a drink.
Here’s why…
If I am saving the world, the WORLD, then wouldn’t EVERYONE I know be part of
this world anyway?
They live on the same planet…Earth.
So if I save planet earth, the world…I will save everyone else in it by default…
which includes the people I know.
;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

Can a girl ask a guy out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Can girls ask guys out?

Yes, it be a lot faster to approach than doing all those crazy subtle hints and then
asking like most..
“He looks at me once and stares, and turns away. What does it mean?”
So yes, just approach the guy and ask him out.
If he’s acting all weird, then he’s not really a conﬁdent guy to want to date anyway
and if he’s not into you, you’ll get to know faster. That way you can move on to
someone else.
Edit…
I remember a girl approached me. I never seen her before. This only happened twice
in my life. That a girl approaching me, a guy.
She approached me, and started just talking to me by saying I look diﬀerent, that I
must be an artist. It was easy. I was sketching stuﬀ before hand. I liked her
conﬁdence. I liked her sweet warmth voice.
She was attractive to me but most of all….I felt amazing. She did the physical touch
too, and knew what she was doing. That there, the conﬁdence, for me, was just very
attractive.
She suggested to have a coﬀee and we did and later on we dated for 7 months. Great
experience from beginning and right to when she had to leave to another country.
When a girl approaches a guy, and if he sees he’s attracted to her, the feeling is
amazing. I might not show it but deep down, I’m like, “wow, this is awesome.”
Most of all, you remember this story and this is why you approach as well. You
become the story that stands out from all that he knows. A story that a girl had the
courage, conﬁdence, and even if she messes up, it becomes part of the story, and it’s
something you can never forget. It is what makes her stand out.
Few girls understand this except when guys approach them.

Few girls I know bypassed all the social norms, traditions stuﬀ and they got dates
much faster than one’s waiting around, sending hints.
These are the girls I ﬁnd facinating, exciting, refreshing, intelligent, smart in that
they’re going for what they desire without the permission of society. That takes
courage and well, I love courage.
Go got it and ask guys out.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a girl out on a date when it's just the 3rd day from
talking to her on WhatsApp?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is what I do..
1. Text on WhatsApp needs to be fun, light hearted.
2. Then I role play in a fun way, to build a picture of what can happen but
it’s so ridicolous. Like we’re both super agents and we’re going to blah
blah. Just be fun not romantic serious.
This is great because you want to remove awkwardiness. If you be serious
it be awkward. So stay away from talking about jobs, facts, ﬁgures, details
and focus on emotional language…fun….role play. You can use this later
for phone to keep conversation up beat.
3. Then lead to the Telephone. Suggest like this..
“Hey texting is lame. Talk to you in 5 mins on phone?”
Notice I am not asking permission but rather leading. It’s ok if she says in
an hour or tomorrow to talk on phone. Don’t make it a big deal.
You need to talk on phone as it will help.
4. On Phone - don’t get all serious and interview mode. Be fun but also
build comfort. Get to know her and she knows you but don’t bore her
with facts, details. Tell story, be fun.
Use whatever you did in beginning for fun, as a call back humour kind of
thing to get her back into the attracion phase. Then build a little comfort.
Comfort is her getting to you know and you get to know her by sharing
one or so stories about your passion, but keep it a little fun. No
negativity, sorrow and serious stuﬀ.
Then suggest going out and check a place out. Nothing heavy. No
resturants, movies. Just meet up, walk, check some places out (as this is
a time to build on attraction and comfort)
5. When I meet I assume she is my girlfriend, smile, embrace, kiss and take
her hand. That way awkwardiness is now gone and we’re not focusing
and thinking who will kiss, who will not, nonsense.
That’s what I’ve done always.
I do stay away from long distance. Tried it, too much drama and I focus only on
local.
Follow up is important. So when you have dated, she’s gone, later on text her, say
you had fun, hope she arrived ok and be great to do this again.
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alex Lan

Why would a handsome guy love an ugly girl like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the reason why your man is with you.
FEELINGS.
It is the reason why I dated a girl who thought she was “UGLY.”
She was with a friend who was dead drop gorgeous. I remember it still. I was at a
party and she was standing there with her friend and her friend walked over. She
followed.
But something was oﬀ.
Her gorgeous hot sexy tall blonde tight ﬁgure friend seem to turn me oﬀ by the
way she talked, her mannerism and her idea of what a man is.
But when the girl who thought she was Ugly talked…I was drawn to her. I even
waited for her friend to leave to washroom and talk to her, get her number fast
and left.
I texted her later on and we met alone and dated her.
She made me FEEL alive. She made me FEEL wanted, important, like I’m the only
one. When I saw her she ran to me. When I called she was very excited to talk to
me. When I was with her it was calm, not drama.
She took interest in my work, my art, my music, my singing and sex…WOW. Just
wow. When I was with her, I just felt damn good about myself, about life, about
everything.
FEELINGS.
This is why your man is with you.
Now here’s the sad part….
She was so insecure about herself that it sneaked up into the relationship and I
just had enough of drama already in life and from past relationships. Not having
it anymore. So I ended it and moved on.
He is with you because you make him feel alive.
You make him feel wanted. You make him feel and believe there is good in this
world. You make him feel like he’s the one, the only one and every guy can fuck
themselves for all you care.
With you, when you speak he believes, and when you say you love him, be
believes it to be true. He’s with you because you make him…FEEL…ALIVE.
You cannot put a price on this.
I can date a gorgeous woman and if she cannot make me feel good, forget it. I
won’t date her anymore, I won’t even sleep with her, have sex with her, touch her,
kiss her. That’s how powerful feelings are.
That is why, he is with you.
You make him feel alive.
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

If there was one thing you could learn that would change your
life forever, just one thing... what would it be and why?

Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Jun 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“It is not what you need but what you already got that will take you as far as
you want to go…”
This is my philosphy that has changed my life and the life of people around the
world. I know it may seem diﬃcult because…
You might have no money
You might have no tools
AND you might be in a situation no one believes in you. Not even you’re
cat or dog that looks up to you and thinks, “you’re a loser.”
When you don’t worry about what what you got and use what you need, then you
learn to become resourceful.
You can adapt fast and become very creative to solve problems.
The challenge is a lot of people won’t have the patience for this because they want
money now, they want results now and sometimes, that one thing can take you a
long time to get done because…..you’re starting from what you got.
And what you got can be a challenge as you don’t have money and other
resources.
But what if when you just take action and persist, with clear mind what you are
going to achieve, that other things will come your way?
Here’s some examples, a blast from the past…
1. Use What You Already Got…
I do things because they make me feel alive. I don’t look for passion but love what
I do. Passion then comes anyway.
So with this thought….I had an idea for a Magazine.
But what will it do?
I saw a problem in community and so I investigated and found in the city, many
organisations, funders, and talents but no one is talking to each other. Confusion,
lack of communication, no channel for all to look to.
People didn’t know where to go for help, information, advise and no one really
knew what or who was doing what.
But I got no computer?
I knew some places like centres and colleges.
I went to them one by one until one said, “ok, come and use ours.”
You’ll ﬁnd people who value what you value if you just keep looking and put time
into. Made pals with some folks there and they let me use the computer if I will
share techie skills. I would walk for 2 hours there to do my work and 2 hours back
to design layout, ready for the content..

I rummaged through some stuﬀ and found relatives had a camera. So..I nicked it!
Hahaha. No one was using it. I thought if I use it fast to do work and bring it back
all will be well.
I began going to go all over city, talking photos, talking to businesses,
interviewing them and talents, and funders.

Word was getting round that some guy is creating a magazine but you know how
it is with talk. No one believes you until it’s done.
I wrote the magazine, designing and printed copies from a shit printer, stapled it
together and went to these business and pitched how funders will give them
more money, if they show they investing in community and…it be seen THEY
lead the way not me. So they will look good.

They were in!
I got money for printing and distribution.
Magazine was giving out free so each business who advertised got copies to give
to people, funders too and I put some in diﬀerent shops for people to take. I paid
the printers.

Printed 8,000 copies and got it distributed and this attracted funders to pay for
more issues until I gave the project to someone else to do.
I did wanted and in return…a business man bought me the lastest Laptop and
other gear. So I was oﬀ to doing another idea I picked from my list.
2. When You Want A Job and Change Of Career…
So on the line of giving, there was this guy who bought a franchise business. It
wasn’t going well at all. His heart wasn’t in it. He always wanted to be this guy
who creates his own stuﬀ and be a marketer.
He liked digital.
His business going bankcrupt. His girlfriend leaving him. He’s losing the house.
He’s seriously in trouble.
I didn’t know how to build websites and all that stuﬀ. All I knew is marketing and
the knowledge in my head that works in the real world..
He took my advise to move into his parents house and take the headache they
give for a while. In 6 months he’ll get the job he wants and wage he wants. He also
has let go of his cat but promised his cat, he will come back for him.
Research started in the industry and narrowing it down to a speciﬁc job
title….digital marketing manager. We now knew their lingo, what they look for,
what they didn’t look for, what turns them on. Great for lazer targeting for later.
We had back and forth skype conversation, providing him direction for
knowledge on marketing, sales, social media marketing, and he learnt Facebook
Advertising/PPC.
He got an idea now of a strategy and a marketing plan…

I transfered lots of my knowledge and skill to him regarding copywriting and
design, science of storytelling, psychology etc cetre.
The guy was one brave guy. He put the hard work in, the belief and just went on to
do what is necessary. He proved to me he was deadly serious.
He wasn’t talk.
He got his website built….

I know it’s not some fancy website.

It’s not amazing design but hey, just forget about that for now.
The idea was to show his intiative, his skills, his knowledge by building his own
website, showing copywriting skills and all the skills companies he wants to work
with…look for. To create a track record.
I even got him some clients to do work for so he can show the work on his website
and his CV. Even though it was attracting the companies, we made sure not to be
afraid in the protocol on contacting him…i.e. what he is looking for and what he
is not clearly on the website.
No ass kissing. Nothing like trying to lower his standards. None of that.

When all was done…he did the facebook advertising and used Twitter too. Some
people were like “but this is an old retro design..”
However, the result…...he got the interviews and the job.
He’s now a Digital Marketing Manager for a blue chip company that specialises
marketing with mobile phones and other digital devises.
He’s doing what he loves to do and ﬁnd his own place, a home to move into. He
also bought his cat back :D
3. When You’re Degree Is Not Enough
The same process and philosphy I applied to a woman who needed help. She
ﬁnished her degree but she just couldn’t get a job in product design and any job.
She needed help because she was in debt with student loan, she was confused
where her future now is going.
So again, the same process I did with Johnny, I did with her too. This time, I now
had a team of web developer professionals willing to work with me to help people.
We got the money, she was willing to invest because she seen what can be done
and she was teachable, coachable and ready to go for it.
She is now working as well in a job and getting interest from companies to be a
product designer…
Here’s her video. Let her tell her own story how it happened…

4. When You Haven’t Got Money and Website
Right now, the world is telling you what you need. You need a website. You need
this and you need that. You need to be in facebook, twitter and all kinds of
platforms.
You haven’t then money for a website.
You haven’t money for stuﬀ like a microphone, pop ﬁlter, this and that.

What do you do?
It is the same…
“It is not what you need…but what you already got…….that will take you as
far as you want to go…”
So let me give you one ﬁnal example out of so many in my life.
You will have knowledge in something. Maybe you was a teacher. Maybe you
know how to write novels. Maybe you know about children.
Maybe…you’re like me….very good at dating and got the experience, knowledge
and the mindset to share such knowledge.
So what I did is I didn’t build a website. Not yet, anyway.
Instead I focused on one platform.
No, not Facebook. Not twitter but a platform where you can share knowledge to a
targeted audience that wants to solve this problem.
The social media platform must be knowledge base type where you can share
content. If you’re into videos, then use Youtube. If you like writing then see other
platforms.
Don’t just join and fall for the hype. Choose just ONE and be consistent. Get to
test, see what works, get good at doing your thing.
Be patient. It takes time. You haven’t got thousands of dollars to advertise so you
need to be patient and hammer it with focuse.
That’s what I did.
I’d focus on one platform and targeted topics. I’d see the results and test more.
Then I’d see more results and I’ll know how leverage such platforms.
I’d move on to other platforms and other mediums and do the same.
That’s when people wanted more than just reading my work. They wanted to hire
my expertise because when they applied what I shared, it worked but they had
tons of questions. Questions I won’t and really cannot answer on some platforms.
I started to get people who wanted privatre coaching, wanted to learn from me
and I made sure they qualiﬁed for it. They learnt I was too busy and if they want
my time, then pay for that time.
Now guess what I did with the money?
I started investing back into the work. I invested in tools…

I have other microphones coming, mixer, an audio interface and other
equipments because along the way, do to this mindset, I learnt to animate,
produce music, songs, lyrics, magazines, professional layout books like this..

Combining all my talents together for a vision I have.
EDIT…..
After I posted this answer, here’s what was delivered to my house; drawing
tablet…

As you can see, that one thing can change your whole life…

“It’s never about what you need but what you already got.”
Throughout our lives we are told the secret, the success, the whatever is out there
but really, it is INSIDE us.
Out there are just resources.
Out there is just lots of diﬀerent platforms.
Whatever you attract in your life, whether job, career, money, wealth, assets,
women, men, opportunities are the FEEDBACK of what you did inside of yourself
and the actions we take with what we go.
Life will give us more when we know how to use what we got already. We just
need to be resourceful.
If you don’t like the result….then look in the mirror. See the good you got, the
things you already have and make them work for you.
Instead of seeing things as a disadvantage, ﬂip it into an advantage.
The one thing that changed my life will change yours.
“It’s never about what you need but what you already got…”
Stop telling yourself you need….
You got the basics. Now make these basics work for you because everytime you
look for the quick answer, secret, to get a body ﬁt, to get this or that….you are
saying..
“I don’t want to learn the basics. I need a quick fast route”
Look at what you already got and use it.
Have fun with it.
You’ll surprise yourself.
You’ll inspire people around you and people around the world.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How would you respond if a girl says, "I am smarter than you"
and you know she is not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d ignore her, shake my head due to her lack of social skills and immaturity, and
talk with a diﬀerent girl.
I don’t care what someone knows, how smart they are but how they make me feel.
So I’d just walk away shaking my head and focus my attention and sweet precious
time on someone else.
It doesn’t deserve a response to validate oneself to her.
Making her so important to spend time wondering how to respond to her. Meh,
don’t bother wasting time. Just walk on. Walk on :D
That’s the only answer people like this deserve.
No need to respond to be validated, accepted because when you do, that is exactly
what she wants…..attention.
Don’t give her attention and walk on.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

If you could tell your ex one last thing, what would you say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing.
I’m the wrong person to request an answer for this. I’m a guy who will not pine
over an ex, wait for her, and have these romantic ideas of what I would say if we
ever met again or have a last say.
If something was to be done, that was that time to be done, when we were
together. If something was to be said, the time was when we were together.
If it was meant that we supposed to be good for each other, we would be willing
back then to have put each other’s happiness ﬁrst than anything else, like money,
someone else, challenges etc.
That’s when it matters for me not later on. I will have nothing to say. I give all
when I am dating and in relationships. I hide nothing.
Thanks for the request in answering your question but I’m not someone who has
any last thing to say to any ex.
But if any do, well, I am happy for them
I’m just not that type of guy.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Zane Stackhouse

The guy I am dating says he likes me and that I am too special to
him however he still doesn't know if he wants a commitment or
not. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take it as a no.
He is not looking for relationship. He doesn’t want exclusivity with you.
He’s a guy who feels he lacks self worth or he’s saying this as a way to say no in a
nice way.
Listen carefully to what he’s saying. He’s saying no to relationship. He heard what
you wanted and he can’t give what you want. So forget any idea of comittement
with him. Love isn’t enough and liking someone isn’t enough.
You’re both not compatible with each other. That means, an attitude, a process,
the willingness to work together for each other’s happiness.
He doesn’t want comittment and that makes him happy.
You want comittment and that makes you happy.
He is unwilling to give comittment and you are unwilling to to let go of the
comittment part and just enjoy the process of loving someone as he is.
So move on. Let him go. You’re not compatible.
634 Views · View Upvoters

Can horses swim?
Adam Taha, I like painting horses and other animals as a hobby
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, they can swim but you have to introduce them to swimming slowly. Like us
human beings, we have our fears, we’re anxious of new things and so we take
small steps ﬁrst to get use to things.

So it’s slowly getting the horse use to the water and feel of it.
Swmming with horses is fun but you need to take it slow and I would have other
people with you, if you were doing this, just in case something happens.
On a more bright positive side….
I found a video on Youtube. It’s close up of a horse swimming….

2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys reply to text messages very much?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can only share from my experience and I’m not a teen. I use to date a girl who
had her own horse stables, and all kinds of animals.
I thought we all was well and we exchanged numbers but…when it came to
texting, I didn’t reply much because….
1. She didn’t show any aﬀection and it was mostly small talk.
2. I felt she wasn’t really putting much eﬀort to really share feelings about
me. She ignored when I did try.
3. I sense she was holding back. She won’t ﬂirt, she won’t be fun.
4. I felt there was some game happening.
5. It wasn’t exciting or arousing me to reply much. I mean, hey I’m into
animals too though I live in the city. Love horses but she just kept talking
about animals, competition and ignoring showing feelings. I even said
this to her but nothing changed.
6. It’s wasn’t going anywhere when it came to leading to date, meeting up
face to face. So I lost interest and didn’t reply much. It later came to a
stop to not reply to her. I moved on.
If you like the guy, best show it all than holding back. Texting needs to be used in
a way to ignite emotions and show you desire him, and then lead to a goal to
meet, date and move forward.
If it’s texting…texting…texting and nothing is happening in real world….well…the
texting will die down from him and even stop in time.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you ever date someone outside of your own race?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I would and I do. I always preferred dating from outside my own race. I’m
more of a free spirit, wild and community I was born in is more rigid, religious,
and very cultural.
Picture this - you can’t date to know a girl. It’s more like some folks escorting you
all the time when you’re with the girl. No romance, no physical touch, no deep
romance talking, no going out together alone, being alone.
You can’t even say to girl anything indirect or direct that builds attraction. No
kissing, nothing like that. That would drive me nuts!
It’s all geared to getting married. It’s one of the most talked about in community
and in family.
Imagine, I was a teen and at school and I just come home..
Mum - Listen, do you remember so, so. Look here’s a photo of her.
Me - I don’t want to get married.
Dad - Why don’t you listen to who knows best for you
Me - (rolling my eyes)
Mum - Isn’t she pretty. She is going to be a doctor
Me - But I want to date white girls and…
Dad - SEE! SEE! THE DEVIL is speaking,
Me - (slapping my forehead and scrolling my hands down my face like it’s plastic)
Mum - We can talk to her family, bring her to England, and..
Me - Got to go. Erm…I got evening classes
(Whoooooooooosh out of the door)
You think this stops? Oh no.
You’re going to a wedding and everyone is like..
So when are you getting married?
Are you married yet?
It’s like an ongoing thing, over and over, and over again. Photos after photos,
someone has to ask..
“Are you married yet?”
I think I was the only one out of the 6 other siblings to bring a girl home, sneak up
to bedroom and fuck.
I had to be a Ninja. pulling all the moves.
Until that is, I moved on to get my own place.
My grandma was always snooping. My brothers always cockblocking. My sisters
causing ﬁghts with girls I’m dating. A date won’t survive a day, never mind a week
when I was living with relatives. We didn’t have mobile phones back then and so
when girl calls, all hell broke lose.
So it’s not like dating but it’s more a process to marrying
You can feel the pressure towards marriage, family, and somehow, they’ll sneak
in that new photo about some girl in another country.
Forget dating girls from the community I come from. You think lots of white girls
insecure about sex. Jeeesh, wait till you try and date an Arab girl.
It’s fucking crazy!
You have to be better than James Bond with your moves. Like proper, planning,
disguises, meeting at certain locations where no one can see you.

You had to be a master in covering your track.
The girl will be like…
“OMG! What if parents ﬁnds out? The whole community ﬁnds out. It be shame for
my mum and dad. I will lose my reputation! They’ll get hurt. But wait! I want my
own life. I want to be free. I want to live and taste everything. I want…”
Then she be back to same…..
“OMG! I can’t meet you. It be dangerous. They will know. But I do love you. I
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE YOU. But…BUT…what if…what if….what if.. GOD
PUNISHES ME! Hell ﬁre. You know..”
So you also got religion, god, culture, and a whole heap of stuﬀ. Most in my
community who do want to date got to do it like secret agents, Ninja’s, planning
strategies and ﬁnding ways to meet.
They have to delete any conversation. Probably have code name on phone lol.
The things most do to hide it’s crazy and they unhappy.
Some even go to other city to meet.
It’s like covert operation when you date girls from community I am from. I am not
joking you here. It’s scary for these girls and it is for guys too.
And then you got some guys who will date girls from other races BUT…they then
bullshit these girls after 2 years of secretly dating..
“I can’t see you anymore because family wants to marry me oﬀ. It’s not me. I can’t
go against them. I blah blah blah blah…”
He knew this from day one and waited for 2 years, stringing a girl along. Jeeesh.
I rather approach 100 women from a diﬀerent race, go through rejections than
going through that drama.
You think rejection is hard?
Believe, for me, it’s easy because the amount of drama I get from dating a girl
from my community, is huge!
My concerns isn’t..
“What if the girls reject me?”
That for me is so small, tiny, insigniﬁcant. It’s not a big deal. I see a white girl,
approach and she is like “Erm..no,” and I’ll be like, “Ok bye,” and approach a
diﬀerent girl.
I always get dates. It’s a numbers game. I don’t get hooked into all this drama
about what if she this, what if she that, Oh my god, I have been rejected, what
shall I do with my life.
Pﬀf. That’s small, tiny to the stuﬀ I had to face in my community.
When guys ask..
“I know this Arab girl and she’s dating an Indian guy though.”
They don’t see the crap that goes with it. They don’t see the drama. I know some
girls the community I come from, are gorgeous but it’s just not worth it.
Moment I got out….I was so damn relieved. I was like..
“YES! I AM FREE. NO MORE DRAMA!”
Anytime a girl says, “I’m arab” no oﬀence, I’m arab myself and I be like…

“Oh shit. Listen great meeting you but it’s not going to happen.”
“But why?” she asks as she looks around her shoulder like a secret agent.
“Look” I show her my hand and ﬁngers, There is an Arabic joke. See this ﬁnger.
This is a guy outside of culture. You date his sister, he will come after you. That’s
one guy. I can handle him and his family. No problem.”
“OK? And?” She asks.
“But if I am dating an arab girl, the whole Arab nation will be hunting me down.
like this….” (moving ALL my ﬁngers in front of my face)
“Hahahaha” she laughs, “you’re right BUT….”
“No buts. You probably ﬁnd some guy who would but it ain’t going to me.”
Not for me. No more dating secret agents :D
And no more dating like some Ninja, pulling all the moves. It’s exhuasting.
By the time you’re alone with the girl, all the excitement is gone and you don’t
feel like being with the girl. You don’t even want to kiss.
The feeling is gone.
So I left the community and decided to live the life that I want to live. I date girls
out of my race and the drama is reduced by 90%.
The rest of it I can handle.
I haven’t look back since and I am happy.
4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Valeryie Seeth

Is it natural for a man to start looking for a new girl right after
(1 month) breaking up regardless of how long the relationship
was?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the guy and other factors.
For example:
There are guys who immediately move on, approaching other girls and
will not wondering “will she be back.”
He’ll still feel hurt but he is mature, experienced, mindset strong and
will approach other girls and be dating fast. That’s me. I can start again…
the…next day. I’m this type of guy. I won’t also be staying in touch.
Moving on. Just way I am.
There will be guys who will take long time, still emotionally attached.
They can go on for years. Mostly also because of their own state of mind,
emotional investment and still investing by keeping in touch…and doing
so…in the hope something might happen again with the same girl.
Then there’s guys who can go on a little shorter than that and who don’t
or do stay in touch but move on in a few months to date someone else.
So it depends on the guy and also what happened in the relationship. I know for
example, with some relationships I never want to see the women face ever again.
The experience, the drama, the toxic and other things will always be remembered
and so I won’t even bother being friends or anything else.
Some relationships were amazing but again, I’m a guy who moves on very fast
and see life big, exciting, believe in myself and I’ll be living life to date others.
As you can see it depends on the guy and other factors.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be impressive or shameful for an Arabic man to be
seen with a Scandinavian female among his friends/family?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will depend on the man. Not every Arab man is worried what relatives, friends
and society thinks of his choices in life. I’m Arab and I live in UK and I don’t
worry what relatives, friend or community think if I am dating whoever.
Now don’t get me wrong, people will kind of look, judge, because I know as I am
Arab and dated women who are white but I am my own man. I don’t follow much
of the customs, traditions, social norms of the Arab community or society.
In fact, I would say I’d never date and marry an Arab woman. Just not for me and
prefer to date women of other races.
So it depends on the guy and you’re both willing to work together towards each
others happiness. That’s after all what compatibility means - an attitude, a
process, were both work in harmony together for each others happiness.
529 Views · View Upvoters

What is the biggest life lesson you have ever learned?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is your biggest life lesson?

Don’t try ﬁguring out what your passion is.
Instead ﬁgure out what makes you feel good and then go and invent that life, and
in doing so you will invent the opportunities, the audience, the clients, the
business, the money ﬂowing through and yes, even dates.
The world is yours today and it is smaller now with the internet.
If you love food and going out eating, then go out doing that shit. Film it. Write it.
Illustrate it and put your own twist on that shit.
If you love movies, then go and write about movies, in your own way. Give it the
extra mile. Do it in your own way.
If you like night clubbing, going out at night and can’t get enough of it and you
love drawing too. Then mix that together to illustrate it as you talk on a video. Use
your personality, your unique combination.
Then one day, when you got all that shit together like a consistent track recording
and look up for a job, you’ll ﬁnd what my friend did. A friend who followed my
advise and nearly blew my ears oﬀ talking on phone with excitement.
He saw jobs and the job needed someone passionate about going out, loves food,
the city he was in, and must create content for it.
Everyone who went for this job had a degree.
This friend of mine didn’t but when he showed them what he was doing, the job…
was his. He got the job.
You might ﬁnd, you’re getting clients asking if you got this and that due to your
work. There we go. Now you’re in business.
Look at what makes you feel alive, invent the life for it and it will invent the
opportunities when you utilise the tools you have today in a manner that shines
your personality onto the world.
There is a market for it, companies hiring for it, clients for it.

You throw away hours doing work but what if you did hours for something you
love to do? That makes you feel alive? Something that’s you? Something that you
enjoy doing anyway?
Now…when you do that shit….passion kicks in!
So if you’re looking for passion, don’t. You got it upside down! Look at, remember,
think back, write down what makes you feel alive.
You’re personality, the way you do it will make it unique.
So don’t ﬁgure out what your passionate is.
Remember what makes you feel amazing, excited and alive. So much so, that if
you worked it, you can go for hours on end, and you won’t feel tired doing it.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why is this very attractive woman being ignored at work?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be a lot of things and to name a few..
1. Most men fear rejection. So her looks might intimidate.
2. She doesn’t smile and doesn’t take intiative towards others
3. Other women probably insecure themselves and Jealous
4. Other guys might also harbour some other insecurities
5. Maybe even some, have some contempt about her due to their own
insecuirties.
Or it’s just she focuses on her work and that’s in, which is alright. For all you
know, that is what she wants.
But…..
You cannot really judge anything you see about a person’s appearances and
what’s going on. All you see is perception created by what you see, the
enviroment and information in your head which by the way is limited to knowing
a person.
Forget what others are not doing, her appearances and just say hi. You approach
and make an eﬀort if that what you want to get to know her.
You’ll know much better at ﬁrst hand experience by approaching the person
themselves without putting them on a pedestal.
658 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my boyfriend never turns me on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not compatible with each other.
Compatibility, is an attitude, a process, in which lovers work towards the
happiness of each other. I don’t see this with you and the man you’re with.
You can’t talk to him, arguing over it, and even saying, if it was up to you, you
wouldn’t even have sex.
You both be best moving on and being with lovers who you are both compatible
with.

You’re not happy. He’s not happy. You both see sex as something to sacriﬁce,
something to do as a way to shut each other up.
The huge part is also this..
You say, “it’s an emotional sacriﬁce.”
Sex is not a sacriﬁce because sacriﬁce means giving up something, surrendering a
possession, doing something that will hurt, pain you, reluctant to do but you do it
anyway to keep the peace etc cetre.
When I have sex and with women I date, we don’t see it as a sacriﬁce. It’s pleasure.
It’s a turn on. We so desire each other physically, and even our text is extremely
sex and hardcore.
We’re full on, ripping clothes oﬀ. Experiementing because it’s pleasure. It’s hot.
We desire each other. It doesn’t matter how many times we have sex.
That feeling isn’t there from what I have read in your details under your question.
You don’t gain pleasure from having sex with him. You haven’t any physical
chemistry with him and you thought time will change that but it’s not going to. It
hasn’t.
Love unfortunately isn’t enough.
Love doesn’t conquer all.
For you and his happiness, even though it seems drastic - for both of you to move
on. You’re both not compatibile and if sex is an emotional sacriﬁce and if you
both cannot speak to each other about this important matter…what’s the point?
Accept this even if he doesn’t and move on.
You’re only going to emotonally invest even more and so will he, to come back
full circle to the same problem.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are some extremely ﬂirtatious text to send to your
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you want extreme, then being subtle about it is not the way. Here’s some text I
have received. Loved each one.
1. Stop distracting me. I’m supposed to be studying (or whatever you’re
doing). Keep it all for later....tonight.
2. I’m going to wear my FUCK-ME heels when we go out tonight.
3. You’re going to love what I got planned tonight.
4. I know last night was our ﬁrst time. But I think I’m addicted to your dick
already.
5. What are you doing later? Mind if I cum over and blow you?
6. Tonight, I’m going kiss you and work my way down...the only question is
how far down will I go?
7. I can’t be at work and thinking about all the ﬁlthy dirty things I want to
do to you.
8. I’m in bed...thinking about you. Guess what I’m doing?
9. I found some sex positions we should try out (send him some photos
from the book)

10. I’m going to drain every drop out of you later tonight.
11. You’re not going to be able to move when I’m ﬁnished with you tonight.
12. Want to know something? You know how to make my body sing.
13. I never met a man who made me feel so sexy, alive and…who I want so
much right now.
14. Guess what I am thinking about? All the ways you going to make me
cum. I’m at work and you’re driving me crazy. See you tonight.
There we go.
Be brave ;)
27.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hninsat Hninsat

Why does this guy stop texting me all of a sudden after he took
me on a date and told me in person that he likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s because of the following:
1. You’re not compatible. This doesn’t mean interest, education and things
in common. It means there is too much friction in the way to be willing
to work towards a common goal i.e. each other’s happiness.
2. You want a relationship.
3. He doesn’t want relationship.
That’s why it’s not going to happen.
Nothing complicated, confusing or hidden meaning behind it. Its very obvious by
what he said to you and by how you responded in behaviour.
So I don’t know why you are wondering why he isn’t texting you anymore.
It’s obvious…
He doesn’t want a relationship and doesn’t want exclusivity.
You made it clear, you want a relationship and exclusivity.
So of course he’s not going to keep on texting you.
There’s no point.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should I give up on a girl who likes me, but doesn't seem to have
enough time for me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on. You will have better time, easier and less frustrating time approaching
other girls. Someone who is willing to invest time to know you.
If a girl shows she hasn’t much time to go out and date you, take it as a no. Move
on because the only thing a guy needs to know when approaching a girl is if she is
willing to invest in him.
Of course, you need to approach and ask a girl out instead of assuming anything
in your mind. So of this “it doesn’t seem” meaning you haven’t approached and
it’s all in your head…then best to do that ﬁrst. Approach.
Don’t assume anything by what you see. That is, if you haven’t approached and
you seem to think she’s busy.

Everyone is busy mate. Even the person who hasn’t a job.
It’s about how someone really wants to get to know you and so, they will make the
time. So if a girl says she’s busy, doesn’t matter if she won’t be in the future, no
one can promise anything…best you move on.
740 Views · View Upvoters

Have you really loved someone but suppressed your feelings
because you were afraid of what other people's opinion may be
about the relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’ve never surpressed my feelings if I am attracted to a woman I see. I am not
afraid of what other people’s opinions will be about the relationship.
Most are not that bothered anyway and got their own lives to live. Sure, maybe
some people got an opinion but they always seem to keep it to themselves.
I detached from the need of approval and acceptance from other people
regarding who I date and how I live my life.
I do take into consideration with feelings with women I date and I do have open
communication. That’s because I care about the women I am dating and I like an
open communication but in the end, I do decide without this fear about what
other people are going to think.
There are certain things I won’t do though which can cause a mess. Like dating
someone close within my social circle. I like to keep friends as friends, and I date
women way out of my inner social circle.
There are at times an except but it’s rarely happens when it comes to close inner
social circle.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Should my boyfriend tell me how to dress?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only time I do that, is when women I am dating ask me because they know I am
very good when it comes to fashion, trends etc.
I’m very up in these matters and they know too because they’ll see lots of
sketches of my designs for fashion. Now I am not a fashion designer by trade. It’s
just I have always loved fashion and so in my spare time I’d sketch, and women
who I date will see my sketches and go..
“Fucking hell! I want that dress!”
“Yeah, well, it’s not made. It’s just stuﬀ in my head.”
“But…erm…can I get someone to make it for me?”
“Yeah sure, here, take the sketch love. See who can make it for you.”
So women I date, want me to play a role in their dress sense because some are so
shit at it LOL. We even laugh about it.
So they do ask because they really want help.
I just don’t go oﬀ say such things like…
“You should wear this!”
“No, don’t wear this short skirt?”
“What the hell, your tits and cleavage showing too much.”
I don’t really care.

As long as the women I date feel good about themselves, and I don’t care if they
wear short, long, cleavage showing, ass looking tight, whatever.
There is no “wear this in house and wear this outside.”
It’s up to women I date and I’m there to enjoy time with women I date, and hope
they feel comfortable, great and sexy in themselves.
“Should” is a strong word.
It’s like there has to be some rule about it, a law, a social norm, a custom, a
tradition and these…I am a rebel with. I do not follow social norms, customs and
tradition. I mostly break them.
I’d say, it depends on what she wants.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know that I am on the right path? I am a Hindu
Brahman by birth, a keen devotee of Shiva. I've started
questioning my own religion. I feel that something is
restricting me. I don't feel like following any God, but I am
afraid of my family.
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers

Answered Jun 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you asked me this question 20 years ago, I’d probably give you a list of what to
look out for. Now, years later, my answer would be very diﬀerent.
It be this….
Take oﬀ the social mask so many wear, to show to others for nothing more but to
be accepted, validated and believed by others.
If what you do is done because you are afraid of others judging you, others not
respecting you, other people whether father, mother, relatives, wife, society, then
you will feel your life is not in harmony.
You feel unhappiness, restless.
You are wearing a social mask.
A mask worn for others to not see the real you.
I always teach this to all who want to learn whether to attract and date girls,
whether it is relationship challenges, communication problems, to getting a job,
or building a career, or to build their business, whether to achieve something else
in life.
Whatever it is, this is the start of so many unhappinesses and problems in one’s
own life. The social mask.
The life in your mind, the blueprint what you wish to do, the blueprint what you
see as success is not happening in real life but it’s not that which causes
unhappiness. It is not that which causes unsettling feeling.
It is wearing the social mask.
This mask is fear based.
It is a mask to seek approval from others. It seeks the peace by attaching to
external objects i.e. other people’s responses, other people’s reactions, seeking
acceptance….approval of others.
It is a mask to hide.

It is a mask where one cannot be free and be who they truly are due to what
others close to them might think.
Only when one takes oﬀ all the masks, then he will be at peace now to the next
phase in his life and will feel the harmony.
It won’t be easy but at least one knows the blueprint in his heart, spirit and mind
is being lived. Whether whatever one wants to and achieve, always he will be
content that at least he is on a path that is all his.
Therefore, the greatest battle and victory is ﬁrst within one self.
Take oﬀ the social masks.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most powerful thing to do to attract a woman to
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the most powerful in attraction is Pre-selection.
Pre-selection is when women see a man pursued and desired by other women.
Men are risk takers in regards to dating. So they will approach women. They take
the risk in getting rejected, and can move from one woman to another. They can
sleep with one woman after another.
Women are unlikely to take risks in approaching men. There is still stigma about
women approaching men due to social conditioning….
You have social norms, customs, traditions, myths, promotion of shame and
modesty regarding sex within mainstream.
Society will follow what is favourable by their peers but not all will do so, and
some women will approach men.
However, it’s rare because women fear being judged, pointed, ostracised by
society, relatives, friends and peers. Fear being seen as sluts, whores, too easy
which are labels to create insecurity/fear.
If women do sleep with a man, they at least want to know he is of value. Let’s say,
what one sees is social status, a traite that women value and they can perceive it
visually. For example, he’s safe…..seeing others women trusting him, feeling
comfortable with him.
So when women see a man is surrounded and pursued by other women, then the
biological and the psychological sees a perception that he must then be desirable
to some degree.
Therefore, he is attractive, he is a potential mate, women drawn to him, wether
many will disagree or not. We see it in the social world we live in. I see all the time
in night clubs, parties, jobs, and other environments.
People are drawn to what is valuable to their survival whether consciously or
unconsciously.
The key is that it is applied through subcommunication. The women see it for
themselves in front of their eyes or someone else they believe and trust has said
so.
Now here’s the paradox about this….
For a guy to even have women pursuing him or he has women around him, he
needs to have conﬁdence, knowledge, skill, social instinct. Fore all these build the

world, the lifestyle and when he exposes himself to the world he is in, he doesn’t
have say much. It is seen by his behaviour.
He will be good at whatever environment he is in and each social environment
will be diﬀerent. So he needs to be able to adapt and have the skills, knowledge,
experience to do so because each environment has diﬀerent social dynamics.
A man’s status in then modern world is his behaviour. This is the most powerful
and it is this behaviour that propels him forward to achieve.
If he was in a poor country, then status will be diﬀerent i.e. money, wealth, hot
clothes, symbols of status that such a world sees as value.
However, in the modern world, many men can look good with a small budget.
They can get good clothes. They can create style, sexual appeal as in the
perception. They can talk big. They can get a car by paying montly etc cetre.
But as you will see for yourself, even guys with degrees, phds, money lack
conﬁdence. You will see so many men play safe, are too slow in approaching
women and showing vulnerability and behave like chumps, confessing love,
romance in the beginning, to wining and dining expensive meals to impress or
even a promise of some holiday.
They slow to approach, fear rejection and even when they do date, they fear
escalating to the next level.
Of course, if a guy is very good looking it be easier.
If he’s average looking then it’s just a matter if him him learning the skills, being
better at the social skills, being bolder, taking more action than most ever world,
and being able to engage and connect with women he meets along the way.
So there’s no way out.
He has to learn. He has to gain the skills. He has to approach and gain conﬁdence
through rejection. There is no short cuts.
The guy needs to have a life. He needs to know who he is. He needs to have clear
cut identity and be conﬁdent in himself.
He needs to step out of medicority.
He needs to do it…. engage people, socialise with people, build his world.
He builds a lifestyle and this lifestyle is consistent to his passion, his goals, his
purpose, his ambition, his identity. All of this builds his conﬁdence, which builds
his sexual appeal.
The more experience he has, the better he becomes at it.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why does this girl answer my phone calls, but doesn't reply to
my text messages anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget that. Stop playing safe and ask her out. You know you like her but you’re
playing safe and talking about details, facts stuﬀ when you needed to lead
towards dating her.
You’re investing a lot of time and being too slow.
If you don’t take action now, you will ﬁnd yourself being seen as nothing more
than platonic OR ﬁnd out she wasn’t interested in you in that way. Probably got a
boyfriend already and if she hasn’t, you’re being passive aggressive.

Man up and make your move.
Stop talking on phone too much on things and get on with it. Ask her out and
then you at least ﬁnd out if she’s into you in that way.
What are you waiting for?
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my lady friend always correcting everything l say and
the way I ask her things, and thinks she knows and can do
anything?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you have an opinion? Then speak up. It’s not just women but men do this too.
If you are passive, timid and you believe one is out of line, speak up.
That’s how it is in life.
I know things most don’t know but I’m not going to tell someone they don’t know.
I’m not their parent and I’m not trying to psychological seduce them to be
passive. I expect them to have an opinion and voice it.
Now if someone asked me a question, sure I’ll share my opinion, my thoughts and
my expertise.
You feel this way probably because you know you need to say something, speak
up for yourself but you got her on a pedestal.
Probably because you like her or fear of losing her as a friend.
Detach from the need for validation and speak your mind if you feel one is
stepping over the line. Have boundaries.
Be bit more assertive.
People don’t know how to sometimes treat you if you don’t speak up. So they do
what they always do to other people. It’s a habit but if you speak up then the
person can learn how to communicate with you.
Having boundaries helped me a lot including with women.
For example, I would meet a lot of women, and still do, and some will try to force
some opinion, or views, or try it on to see if I am some weak guy. Those who test
like that, ﬁnd out I’m not passive and timid. Such women with such motive
dissappear. They cannot take a strong man. I don’t act mean and I do say it
politely but ﬁrm.
You won’t believe how many drama queens prevented being part of my life. They
realise I’m not a chump and won’t put their pussy before my integrity. I’ll speak
up and stand my ground, politely but ﬁrm.
So speak up, because if women are interested in you then they might try to see if
you’re a weak man, if you’re passive, if you can handle things…and some will do it
on purpose to see if they can manipulate you in the future.
Listen to your gut instinct. Speak up.
Don’t put woman on a pedestal because that frames the way you will be treated
later on in the future, if you ever do date, have a relationship with women.
Always be honest, speak up, politely and be ﬁrm.
That goes also when with men too. Some men will manipulate too. Some will test,
push it so learn to speak up. Stand up for yourself.

Be assertive.
979 Views · View Upvoters

Why does love fool us?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once upon a time, there was a princess and a knight…
See what I did there? :D
That’s the reason why people get fooled. It’s due to the fallacies, myths, legends,
stories, we all have been socially conditioned with for years.
Love does exist but not in the way most have been socially conditioned and by
that, constructed in society with myths that love is enough.
Even stories of Greek Gods like Eros is about soul mate concept. He was the Greek
God of love. The Roman’s is the Cupid, a symbol of desire.
The Cupid is portrayed as one of the winged love gods, which is why Eros is also
depicted in poems as a blinded child with wings.
The Myth that Love Conquers All
The story of Eros is a story of struggle for love and projects that love conquers all.
It is a struggle of love and trust between Eros and Psyche.
Aphrodite was jealous of the beauty of mortal princess Psyche. Gods are jealous
on who worships them and so, she saw Pysche getting a lot of votes, many men
were leaving Aprodite’s altar to worship a human being called Psyche.
Well, she was having none of that and so commanded her son Eros to cause
Psyche to fall in love with the most ugliest creature on earth.
Eros went down to Earth and the moment he saw Pysche he fell in love. Here’s
now the myth of…Love at First Sight. See the bigger picture now? Lots of bullshit,
social conditiong digging at the unconscious level of human mind.
Notice the word Psyche - unconscious mind, psychology, core, emotions, soul,
spirt, inner nature etc.
Eros falls in love with Psyche and takes her away to his home but deception
happens due to the Jealous sisters of Psyche. They get Psyche to betray Eros trust.
Eros leaves his wife Psyche because he feels betrayed and hurt.
He wanders the Earth looking for….lost love.
Later on, Psyche approaches Eros mother (Aphrodite) for help and Aphroditenow
takes the opportunity to plot a series of tasks that Psyche must overcome. If she
does these tasks and overcomes, she will have Eros.
So oﬀ goes Pysche to do the task but what happens is she gets some supernatural
help to overcome each obstacle.
Pysche becomes immortal and lives with the Gods…Godessess and her husband
Eros.
Love conquers all and everyone lives happily ever after.
This is just one of many stories being told over and over again in movies, romance
novels in diﬀerent ways.
We can even go way back before the Greeks to ﬁnd such stories exist.

These stories were changed through the ages to ﬁt the times for children and as
we grow older, we are conditioned to believe in myths about love.
Some of us wake up real fast to the fantasy that…
“When all else fails….love shall conquers all…”
For example….
The story that love will change someone and you will be that person to help this
person think, realise, ﬁgure out, ﬁx him/her. That they will grow one day to love
you or that they do love you but need help to see it lol. The person just need to
realise it and you will be that person to do it….(beauty and the beast)
That there is a soul mate out there and one day they will appear, and with one
kiss you will rid all evil and you will live happily ever after….(sleeping beauty)
One day, you will be walking and suddenly, just like that, you meet “the one.” It is
love at ﬁrst sight!……(the Note Book)
And your best friend…become your…..BEST girlfriend/boyfriend (When Harry
Met Sally)
That if you write love letters, poetry, confessing your love to a woman, she will
fall head over heals over you, and desire you like you desire her, even if you have
a BIG LONG NOSE because you’re such a hero, saving people with your Fire
Engine…(Roxanna)
But wait…
Let us not forget, that when you see someone you like or…someone you messed
up with…..you run to them, confess love, shower them with romantic gestures to
win them back. Yes, buy that diamond ring, hire the limou, splash on a resturant
meal to impress…. (Pretty Woman)
Don’t get me started with Bollywood Movies, romance novels and music.
Years of social conditioning, narrated in stories, magazines, music, mythologies
and on and on it goes. It’s become part of society to believe in fairytales.
Love never said it is enough.
Love promises nothing. It doesn’t guarantee anything.
A person can promise they will be with you till death, be with you through thick
and thin - and then take you to the cleaners. Losing your home, assets and a lot
more. Or cheat on you. Or become abusive. Or just walks way because their
feelings have changed.
I know, it puts a a dark spin to it but when we see love for what it is, we learn what
help it needs. We also have self respect and we owe it to ourselves to have see it
needs boundaries, a healthy and willingness to work towards each other’s
happiness. That this takes work and sometimes, you can do all you can and
people change.
Some make it happen. Some don’t.
Not because love doesn’t exist but because of desire and desire changes
sometimes. There is maturity, their in insight, their is wisdom and sometimes
people will have to go through experiences to recognise what is really important
in life.
Some though don’t wake up, be in relationships where it’s one sided because the
person will one day change but really, they fear of being alone.

People fool themselves in believing in the fallacies, myths, legend stories and
grandeur about love.
But the love most forget is the love of the self.
Yes, love exists but…
Love didn’t say….
“Love conquers all. It will succeed where all else fails. To disregard your own
mind, health, safety and self respect.”
The need for approval, acceptance, validation and the fear of loneliness is so
great for some people, they’ll disregard the red ﬂags, common sense for fantasy.
So why so many movies, music, books are still being made about love conquering
all?
Because…..it sells. Makes tons of money. That’s why Hollywood and Bollywood,
romance novels is big money.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a guy tells you to stop staring at him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“People thought he had a crush on me..”
Here’s the thing. People can be full of bullshit too and like to stir the pot. It
doesn’t matter if you knew them well.
People love talking about anything for the sake of attention.
If you like a guy you approach. Or look and smile, wave, do something than a
static stare kind of thing.
Now why would most guys who like a girl won’t approach?
Fear of rejection.
He must have felt uncomfortable for you to stare at him and it can be
uncomfortable, when a girl stares and doesn’t smile, wave, and does nothing but
stare.
It’s awkward and a guy doesn’t know if you’re judging him or something wrong
with what you see. Also, if this is school or college, then sometimes a guy won’t
know what to do and feel nervous, and does opposite with attracting a girl.
Whatever the case maybe….don’t give him anymore attention.
Since he said to not stare at him, just ignore him. Don’t give him any attention or
try chasing him. If you see a diﬀerent guy you do like, smile, show interest or it
will make a guy feel awkward, uncomfortable.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal to be single at 27 as I never had a girlfriend nor
dated any girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it is normal being single, 27 if you…
1. Haven’t approached girls you liked
2. Avoided approaching girls consistently until you get good at it to get a
yes because you feared rejection

3. Just saw girls you liked but did nothing about it or quit because you got a
few rejections
4. Didn’t invest in social skills to then go and apply to help you get better at
approaching girls
5. And well, didn’t do anything much but the same thing like most guys do.
Nothing much.
6. And all you ever wanted to do is just stay single, studying and not bother
going out approaching girls, socialising, going through the rejection.
So yes, it is normal being single at age 27 if you wasn’t proactive in this area.
After all, what does anyone expect if they don’t put the work in, going out,
approaching girls, ﬂirting, conversing, increasing their social skills and social
instinct?
Nothing much.
Now if you want to change that, then you know what you got to do.
Just look at the list above as a hint.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't some women or girls like or ﬁnd nice guys attractive?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because being nice to a girl when you want to get into her pants is dishonest.
Being nice, polite, considerate are qualities to have anyway. It’s not enough.
However, let’s look at what Nice Guy really means when it comes to dating
because it doesn’t mean what most people think it means…
By the way, the worst is girls think these guys are bad boys. They are not bad
boys. They are manipulators, using nice as an agenda and only the naive, the
inexperienced and one who loves to be validated by good looks or by attention
can’t see these guys manipulate to relate, build comfort to get into her pants
instead of being direct with their intent.
Here’s what nice guys really means…
1. Because Nice guys are not honest about their desire.
They are not honest in showing they desire the girl…immediately. What
they do is manipulate, act like a victim, sad stories to relate, build
comfort and most girls fall for them only because of the looks and think
they so nice, they relate so well.
They hide. They are secretive. They are unathentic.
They have no identity but rather sacriﬁce their identity to be accepted.
To seek validation. Fearful always of losing the girl and so that’s why the
manipulation is used.
It’s alright to show you desire someone.
There’s nothing wrong with it and let no one say so but there is a positive
way of doing so and one of them is showing true intent from day one.
It’s not nice being friends with a girl when really the intent is that a guy
likes her, ﬁnds her attractive and wants to date her. But nice guys are not
nice. They lie. They pretend. They get close to her with spending lots of

time, texting, calling, whatsapp and the intent is hidden, always trying to
relate to her rather than have fun ﬂirting, show sexual, show his desires
and he desires her.
2. Because Nice Guys turn oﬀ their sexuality always.
They hide their sexuality because they fear losing the girl. They try to be
friends ﬁrst and not saying to the girl that they desire her.
You don’t have to blatantly say it you desire her. Just approaching,
ﬂirting, conversing, asking her out says it. Use role playing in a fun way
too, stay away from being serious and showing romantic deep aﬀection
from day one or making it some bigdeal with love letters and ﬂowers.
They are supplicating when done like that and trying to buy aﬀection
through gifts is not the way to go.
You’re enough to approach and smile, be light hearted and fun when
approaching. Being serious creates awkwardiness. She doesn’t know you
so you wouldn’t do all that in the beginning.
Qualify her. Get her to show her interest so you know the interest is both
ways and not you alone doing the work. This shows you got standards
and you want her to show she is interested in you.
3. Because Nice Guys don’t show they like girls. Passive aggressive
They hide their desire and look for signals. Then get frustrated, angry
because she is now dating someone else. Or she isn’t showing interest
because she’s suppose to read their mind.
Conﬁdent guys have invested time knowing about girls and they put a lot
of time approaching them, learning about them, conversing,
socialisation. All this gives them experience and high level social
instinct.
They get good with the approach, ﬂirting, conversation skills the way
you would if you want to get a job, social network better to get results,
pump that CV with the emotional language the employers and recruiters
look for.
So this “you talk like you do with everyone,” is bullshit.
Then making fun of it by saying “women don’t have a secret code,
language.” They do. We all do. That’s why companies spend millions on
research, social physiologist and marketing.
It’s very misleading to say this and it’s immature when we know the
reality is, people do have fears, perceptions and knowing how to
communicate in a certain way lowers the walls. It’s not manipulation.
Manipulation is when you only got your own interest at heart but this is
about approach, attraction and communicating with girls who do want
to date you.
Those who say “we all got same lingo so no use learning how to
inﬂuence,” are trying to make you feel good but you don’t want the “feel
good factor.”
You want honesty, truth, results. So you do need to talk to girls in a
diﬀerent way than you talking to just anybody.

Flirting is a language of it’s own. Building rapport in a sexual attraction
manner is a language of it’s own. Texting to build on attraction is a
language of it’s own. Building comfort as well as seduction is an
emotional language of it’s own.
I know. I guide many guys on how to do this and many failed before
talking with me, coached by me. The moment they changed the way they
communicated, results happened.
The amount of fucking times I see people here telling others there is no
secret code, belittling the science of psychology, human behaviour and
dating process is unbelievable.
I like them to come to walk up to a woman in a night club and talk like
they do with everyone. I like them to go and talk to women earning 100K
and talk to them like they do with everyone.
They would be blown out and not because the women are idiots but
because you don’t even talk. It’s loud and so body language is an
emotional language of it’s own.
Isolating i.e. leading a woman outside to talk is a language of it’s own and
has a process.
Honestly when I read guys, so called experts and authors selling books
telling people you just talk like you do with everyone, I can see how so
many confused about dating.
Social dynamics has a language of it’s own.
You go to parties, you got to know about pre-selection.
You got to know the social rules, what works, what doesn’t and on and on
it goes. This takes time, experience, knowledge and someone reading a
book or not doing enough of approaching in these environments will be
lost.
You won’t talk to a girl that you like the way you would with your sister.
You won’t with your mum. You won’t with a girl you’re not interested in.
You won’t in environments of jobs and business.
Very diﬀerent process, diﬀerent emotional language and diﬀerent body
language.
Like dating…there is a process, there are words to use, there is sexual
indirect sub communication, there is physical conversation and in
diﬀerent levels, their is attraction…qualifying the girl….comfort…to
seduction.
There is solving problems from beginning to seduction and even after
seduction.
There is approaching, transition, time bridging conversation and deep
diving conversation and on it goes. It’s knowledge and skill.
Dating girls leads to relationships, leads to a lot of important things in
life so why then, should this be any diﬀerent, lowered like it is nothing,
like you don’t need to learn, invest knowledge, time, skill?

It is a huge part in our life.
If you date someone and mindset is poor and lead to marriage etc…the
implications for future is big. If one doesn’t have good strong social
instinct but is needy, desperate for validation they can easily ignore red
ﬂags because they don’t want to see what is really happening. They got
the person on a pedestal.
So how come we never learn this as children, as adults, in schools,
colleges and even universities?
Because we are sold fantasies, it makes billions of dollars. Frustration
sells. Pain sells. Hope sells. The good feeling that you talk to girls like you
do with everyone….sells.
If it was that easy, many guys and girls won’t be so confused even when
they do approach immediately. They don’t know what the hell is going
on and suddenly think something is wrong with them.
Staying in the area of pain gets you to want to drink, desperate and
buying into some fallacies than seeing reality for what it is.
That it needs one to have self development but not the motivational
bullshit most teach, the knowledge and skill in building rapport,
conversation and so forth.
And people belittle that which plays a huge part in our social life with..
“Oh you don’t need to learn anything. Just approach and talk to girls like
you would with everyone because we’re all same.”
We are not the same. We are individuals, with our own fears, desires,
needs, wants, emotional language, personality diﬀerences, patterns,
habits, perception and all these create our reality.
As an example, marketing. If we create the same message to everyone,
we are trying to please everyone. We are wasting resources, time, money,
expertise, skill, knowledge and lose on out who is looking for what we
have to oﬀer.
This is why in dating, proﬁling is very important. You need to know the
type of girl you’re into and then focus on these type of girls, and
approach to observe, learn, gather information instead of pursuing one
girl.
There will be diﬀerences in personality but there will be many similar
things you will ﬁnd, such as a pattern for an adventureous girl. You’ll
know what she desires, needs, wants and appeals to such girls.
So it is in business and so it is in social life.
You need to know who you are communicating to and take into
consideration about who the girl you’re approaching is. Experience tells
me that by approaching, conversing, ﬂirting, dating…I can ﬁnd out
about her and speak in her emotional language.
That’s why when I approach I don’t approach with mindset to impress. I

approach to engage her to ﬁrst be willing to invest time to get to know
me. If she isn’t willing, no problem. I move on.
4. Because Nice Guys fear disagreeing with girls
You won’t see a conﬁdent guy getting walked all over. He has a view
point. If he doesn’t agree to a girls view point he will say so. He will be
polite but ﬁrm about it. He has an opinion and he will speak up.
You don’t have to shout, act all arrogant, angry, throwing things. You be
calm and calmness is strength and power. It is masculinity. You’re not
losing your shit. You’re calm in the storm. So say it politely but ﬁrm. Hve
an opinion. Speak up.
5. Because Nice Guys don’t stand up to their values and have
boundaries
He lets her know without fear and in a polite manner what his
boundaries are. If she gives him lip he will speak up. If she is late, he will
speak up. If she screws around with his time, if she plays hard to get….he
will speak up and he will also….have the balls to say enough is enough.
6. Because Nice Guys haven’t the balls to walk away
If a girl doesn’t show interest in him and give him respect,then the
conﬁdent guy will walk away. His behaviour isn’t needy, desperate and
nor does he supplicate to her.
If she doesn’t return his advances no problem.
He will appproach someone else who will. It’s a numbers game. Plenty of
girls who will say yes if he has the balls to approach. Keep approaching
and you will ﬁnd you’re going to get better, overcome some anxiety, and
you’ll get a yes.
7. Because Nice Guys put girls on pedestals
Nice guys always have this same pattern. They fall for this one girl, talk
about how they fallen in love with her when they know nothing of her.
Even if she’s a friend, he still hasn’t approached her and she hasn’t
shown the willingness to invest.
He becomes her emotional support, treated like a tampon and becomes
her therapist AND she is the patient. Vomiting all her problems and even
stories of guys who chase her. She now has someone who she can get
emotional support from like a…brother….a sister…a girl-friend. Very
hard now for her to maybe date this guy because she will feel she will
lose a friend. She doesn’t want to risk spoiling that.
It happens a lot.
Conﬁdent men do not waste time pretending they are there to help to get
into her pants. They don’t put their happiness, freedom and standards
aside for one girl. No matter who she is. That’s not going to happen. They
are upfront, honest, show they desire the girl, behave like lovers to
diﬀerentiate themselves from being platonic.
They understand the meaning of pre-framing. That ﬁrst impressions
count and even throughout the dating process they don’t switch oﬀ their
sexuality. They continue to behave as a lover.
8. They think being NICE entitles them to date girls
That because one is nice, polite, considerate…that the girl must date the
guy. Being nice is something one needs to be anyway but it is not what
attracts girls. It needs something else and you can see from the above a

list of unattractive behaviour that he needs to sort out. Also what he
needs to invest and learn.
So let’s not categorise the Nice Guy as being nice. He’s not nice. He’s pretends to
be nice to get closer to win her over. It’s lying.
Creepy. Dishonest. Weak.
Trading his boundaries, his standards because he fears rejection.
The Nice Guy isn’t so nice when you think about it.
Be nice. Be polite. Be considerate. Respect people and be honest about what one
wants. You got to be a man who has self respect and know how let the other
person know what you want.
Nice guy doesn’t say what he wants and instead does everything what a girl wants
to impress her. Always hiding his true intent.
Then he gets treated as a….doormat.
He can still be nice but he needs to approach in an attractive manner and say it in
an attractive appealing way. He has to say what he wants. He becomes bold,
decisive and isn’t apologetic on what you desire.
Sure, not all girls will say yes.
It’s part of life.
But for each girl who said no to me, I became stronger through each no and I am
glad they said no. Because where I am today, is not due to the YES.
It is due to many “NO’s,” because rejections helped me to see who is really into
me and who is not into me. Who is willing to see me for what I am from the inside
than assuming who I am by what I write, what I way, how I speak, what I wear,
what I look like and what they think other people think about me.
I see rejection as a gift.
Saves me a whole of of time. Puts things into a perspective called reality. It does it
very fast. In minutes! I don’t need days and weeks.
I can get a yes or a no……fast!
Far too much Hollywood, Bollywood movies and romance novels playing in their
head. Lots of the myths about the white knight saving the day and he must
sacriﬁce his life for her to say yes. Bullshit.
PS…any confusion….please read comments below or ask more questions
below about this topic. Cheers.
37.2k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

How do you start text conversation with your crush every day?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t. I instead approach and ﬂirt, converse and ask them out ﬁrst. Pre-framing
is very important. If you just text and hide that you are interested in the person
then you’re wasting time. You’re not being honest.
You’re hiding.
You’re not being conﬁdent.
You’re not being authentic and…it opens the door for other person to ﬂirt because
they bored, want attention, and might just text back because of that.

You needed to know from day one the person is willing to invest.
I want to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest time to know me not in a platonic way.
If no, I don’t bother investing time like Bollywood and Hollywood movies show.
You know, the guy is looking for signals and pretending he doesn’t like her that
way. He waits for ages and he thinks she doesn’t know.
She will know but he has become so familiar, comfortable, like a brother, like a
girl friend, she doesn’t want to date him. She doesn’t want to lose the friendship
or she just isn’t attracted to timid and passive guys.
They are not that exciting and boring.
No use texting someone if they are not interested.
So I ﬁrst approach face to face to get this ﬁrst step out of the way.
If yes, then I have now framed the beginning into an attraction, it is honest and
I’m not pratting about looking at signals and asking myself..”does she like me? Is
she interested in me? What does she mean when she says this and that?”
Texting is not serious. It will be fun, light hearted, none of the romantic crap. No
details, facts, ﬁgures, boring topics.
It be up beat, fun, role playing in building on the attraction. It will be sexual
indirect role playing, painting picture in a fun way what can happen and
sometimes make it crazy just for fun.
I don’t text back and forth everyday either. I got a life and busy.
I make sure that the goal is to move to a date, so, in one week after I got her
number I’d lead for us to meet up, to date. Sometimes it might take two weeks.
Depends on girl but I don’t text back and forth to impress.
I have a process, I know what I’m doing, and I follow through.
That way I don’t waste time investing on someone when they are unwilling to do
the same. If the woman I am texting is not showing eﬀort and it’s not good
enough for me, I’m moving on.
36k Views · View Upvoters

How can I show a girl that I could take care of her if we dated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone, say it together…. one…two…three…..

Use your wealthy and status to go and enjoy your life, have a party and live. You
can do better. You don’t need that crap. You even try with her and you’ll become a
doormat.

Move on, date lots of women, get some experience under your belt. Time to wise
up and wise up real fast.
Because right now, she’s talking shit to you and you’re still asking..
“How can I show her I can take care of her.”
The only thing I would show if a woman said that….is dust. I’d be long gone. Far
away from her. Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooosh! Gone!
You see, this is someone who is putting you down, psychologically seducing you
to be passive. So much so you’re trying to be compliant, trying to please her, and
when you do that, she knows….she can control you later.
So ﬁrst, she gets you ready, puts you down, gets you insecure about who you are
and what you have achieved, and where you came from.
That is a BIG RED FLAG.
The moment you do that, you’ve proven to her she can do it again and again. First
it one thing, then another, then sex and you’re done. She probably even cheat on
you and you’ll still be asking, “how can I get her back.”
You’ll be like some guys who know they are being treating like crap but saying
nothing because they got girl on a pedestal.
You show her nothing and move on.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I am in love with a codependent who has gone back to his
narcissistic ex-wife. He says he loves me and is trying to leave
her. Am I wasting my time trying to help a friend/lover or
should I just leave him in his misery?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying. It is not in the words but rather in the action that you determine
how someone feels about you.
He knows his EX-wife…..EX-wife, who he says is a Narcisst. He went back to her.
And yet he says he loves you and he’s trying to leave her. She’s an ex wife, he
already left her or she left him. It was done.
So his action tells you everything.
To leave him in his misery and close that door, burn it down, burn that bridge to
asunder, and move on to never look back.
Yes, I know, you might say, “but he loves me, he’s diﬀerent than the rest, he has
done his and that for me, I have known him for so long etc..cetre..”
It doesn’t matter.
His action speaks louder than….his words.
In other words..
“Action proves why words mean nothing..”
That’s why love is not enough. One needs to back love up with action,
committment and a lot more than, “I love you.”
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I scared of people's judgement?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two things that plays an major factor in your life and everyone else too.
It is these two:
1. Pleasure
2. Pain
Let’s take these two in a situation that impacts our lives and hopefully, you can
see this in all kinds of situations with this understanding…
You’re brain is always looking for threats.
It does so on autopilot.
Understanding how you work will help you greately to make better decisions. It
also gives you empathy on how it is for other people too.
You get to understand sometimes, why people will not stand up for someone who
is in trouble on a tube train, or they see someone getting beaten up and they just
sit there and do nothing if they are on their own and it’s a group doing the
damage.
Our brain is always alert and ready to detect danger.
You can be walking and you hear the rustling of paper and you immediately you
snap back, looking. Or you’re walking at night from a night club and you hear
sounds of footstep and your whole body feels stress.
You turn or you start walking faster.
You whole body is designed to be ready for threat.
The way your ears are situated and your eyes. Your hands like claws and can be
shaped into ﬁst. Your head to headbutt. Your legs to run or kick in the balls or any
part of body like on thighs with your shins.
The social instinct you have if you develop them will kick in.
This is why, if you interact with people a lot, get lots of experience you’ll have a
high level social instinct. I have a high level of social instinct and I can feel
things, like vibes.
For example…
I was walking through city centre in afternoon and I saw a man sitting like
everyone else but my instinct told me something is wrong.
I knew something was going to happen but I didn’t know what and when. My
brain told me danger is ahead.
As I walked further, along an alley I heard foot steps running behind me, towards
me. I knew it was coming and he grabbed me from behind with some steel sharp
tool.
Unfortunately for him, I did mixed martial arts for years and so he was on the
ﬂoor fast, in front of me, and locked his arm, ready to snap it if he didn’t drop it.
He did, I got up and he ran away.
Many incidents like these but also in business, where I could help friends,
relatives, to determine certain things that helped their life.
This is not mystical nor is it some magic. It is lots of experiences, strategic mind,
lots of things collected together to help me feel, see things way ahead. Not
prediction, just instinct and they’d happen too.

You can call it vibe. If you have lots of experiences in life, with people, within
diﬀerent situations - you’re vibe will be very strong. You can feel things around
you and detect what others people can’t.
When your brain detects danger it will try to give you solutions.
Wisdom is now needed because you can jump to assumptions. You can judge
people by the clothes they wear, their features, their colour, their looks,
appearances.
So your brain can give you solutions which sometimes not at your best interest.
They are not solution to help you learn, grow, mature, gain knowledge,
experience and wisdom.
All these solutions are to avoid discomfort.
For example you see a job for 50k but your brain says..
“Nah forget it. You won’t get this job. You’re not good enough.”
Or you see someone you like and it says..
“Hahahaha. Forget it. You’re out of your league.”
Or you see someone at work being bullied by a manager or another member of
staﬀ and even a CEO and you want to do something but..
“Don’t even bother or you’ll lose your job.”
These solutions come from stress….FEAR and so it assumes a lot of things and
that’s where the problem happens.
The problem?
I learnt what will help us succeed in life comes with discomfort.
It comes with facing our fears. It comes with being brave and courageous. It
comes with saying no to following medicority and making tough decisions while
everyone might disagree with you.
It comes with doing what most people are unwilling to do.
That’s why many procrastinate and it then becomes a habit. Comfort becomes a
habit which is rationalised over and over again.
That’s why some people don’t have strong creative conversation skills with men
and women, when dating or socialising.
That’s why someone might say something you don’t like and…you let it slide.
Same person says it again and you let it slide again. So much so, it becomes a
pattern in which you rationalise but really it is a deeper issue at play.
It is to avoid discomfort. It is to avoid conﬂict.
It is the fear of loss. It is the fear of pain.
Fear is good as well because it helps you to avoid certain dangers in life.
The way it helped me with that mugger.
The way it helped me in many life threatening situations and business.
Like ﬁre, like crossing a busy road, like a predator amongst a crowd, or an abusive
person, or a deal for a job that won’t beneﬁt you in then long run, like someone
using you and so forth. So it can be good too.

It is a powerful too if one can live a big life, experience a lot, engage the brain,
take lots of risks and give it the information it needs.
Now let’s look at situation in other parts of life…
Let’s say….dating.
Most men and women fear rejection.
Most fear approaching each other.
So they want pleasure, to know someone, to converse with this someone, to gain
comfort of a touch, a kiss, love and much more.
However, the emotional pain is bigger for most people to not act upon their
desire. They’ll avoid being truthful, honest in approaching someone they like and
saying to this person they like them and if they willing to invest time to date.
Instead, you will ﬁnd and even sometimes in your life, you’ll pretend you don’t
like this person, probably try sending signals, hints and all kinds of crazy stuﬀ
which will only put you in a passive and frustrating position.
Why would anyone do such a thing when they can just approach the person they
like, talk, converse, ﬂirt, be fun and ask them out?
Why would they worry about the person saying no to them, if they are not
interested and walk away as though it’s not a problem?
Why take someone else’s “no” such a big deal?
Why would they prolong the frusration, invest so much time in building a picture
about someone and calling it…love when it’s nothing more than an idea they are
falling in love with?
Because they so set in being liked, accepted, validation.
They become so needy.
They throw away all the standards because of someone’s look.
They are inﬂuenced by appearances.
Because the person bases who they are, on someone else’s opinion. They put
someone else’s opinion of themselves higher than their own.
So much so that some people will let others treat them like crap.
Someone who is a stranger! Someone who has never helped them. Someone who
hasn’t shown interest back. Someone who doesn’t give the time of day to them.
Someone who will not rush when he/she is ill to help.
Someone who talked down at them.
Some who says they have nothing to oﬀer.
Someone who mocks them and manipulate them.
The pain one can feel when they are rejected by someone else they so admire,
like…can be painful. Same when judged by their peers, groups of people or
society can be a painful one.
It is fear based.
It is socially conditioned in society from when we are children and conditioning
never stops. We are conditioned to place our identity, who we are on external
rather that inner power.
You can’t really get away from it or avoid it.

It’s all over the place and so, if someone is not educated in themselves, in being
self aware about what is really going on from within and why it is happening,
they fall for the trap that who they are is by who accepts them, likes them,
approves and accepts them.
And who they are is by how many friends they got, how many likes they go and
even how much they can lose.
So people will follow social norms, traditions, myths and fallacies even if deep
inside they desire not to because they fear being isolated, pointed at, alone, lose
something or someone. They are avoiding the emotional pain because they have
attached who they are, what they can achieve, by external objects i.e. seeking the
approval and validation of other people.
In conclusion…
You are scared of people’s judgement because you desire so much to be accepted,
validated, approved and you also fear the pain of ridicule, being alone, laughed at
and other factors too.
When really, all it is, is an opinion of someone else or a group, or society.
When you know who you are, when you believe in yourself and when you realise,
this is a game you cannot win…..you step out of it.
You step out of it and you now see what is truly important.
That you have an opinion and those who do care about your opinion, who do
believe in your skill, and who do desire your friendship, your knowledge, your
companionship, friendship, your love, will spend more time getting to know you
than judging you.
That doesn’t mean their brain won’t try and judge you. We are not perfect. It
sometimes happens with me and I have to be very aware of my thoughts.
This is where empathy, understanding and wisdom comes in. You understand
why people do it and you understand.
You’ll have empathy, understanding, wisdom that…none of us are perfect.
But it also mean you’re not going to let someone think you’re a push over and
walk all over you either.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Women love to receive ﬂowers. What would a man love to
receive, even from someone they hardly know?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If someone was to give me something, then I’d like them to know what my
passion is and maybe, ask what I really need.
For example, it be..
An new microphone for recording.
A new micrphone handstand to mic up other microphones
A Presonus Audio 22VSL Audio interface :D
A portable vocal booth
Protools ;)
Logic Audio
A digital video camera

A microphone for the camera
As you can see, it ain’t ﬂowers and some don’t come cheap.
I probably be getting these soon enough because of clients, I can invest right back
in to these tools to create a better experience and knowledge dating products.
Still, there might be something.
So every man is going to be diﬀerent.
Some are ﬂowers. Some food. Some gadgets and some tools like I mentioned
above. Depends on the guy.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in a distance relationship. She says we can't meet until we
are 18 (in 3 years). I'm willing to wait, but what if she leaves me
in the end?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Never put your life on hold for anyone. There are no guarantees in life. By waiting
you’re not showing anything but unattractive traites.
You’re not dating. You’re not meeting face to face. She has access to resources and
it be very diﬃcult and so it will be for you. Even if you wait you cannot blame her
if she ﬁnds someone else.
Go and get some experience and approach girls in your own city. Plenty of them
around. Get over your anxiety in approaching girls.
3 years is a long time to wait and to make such promises is a bit naive. She can’t
promise such a thing when none of you know the future.
You can keep in touch but approach other girls, date girls in your city. You’re
going to be missing a lot of living and meeting other wonderful girls you can
connect with if you don’t just go out and mingle.
700 Views · View Upvoters

I feel like a girl plays with my emotions. She knows I love her
and has joked about it. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No woman can play with your feelings except if you are passive, timid, desperate
for her validation…acceptance and approval.
It is enough she has blown you oﬀ.
It is enough she doesn’t put you as a priority.
But you keep going on, putting yourself in that position and that’s when people
will take the opportunity to psychologically put you down.
You let her treat you this way because you put yourself in this position.
I never give anyone the chance to look at my phone and see who I am texting. So
why are you doing even that?
To impress her?
How did she read your text?
You let her.

Mate, if anyone takes my phone and tries that, I’ll say “hey leave my phone
alone.” Then take it oﬀ them.
I won’t give a shit if they gets upset.
It’s my privacy being invaded. It’s my business.
I have standards.
I have boundaries.
I have women who said no, and they saw me in a night club talking to women,
making out with women, grinding, and they got upset.
I was outside and one got upset and I just said..
“What do you what you want? I gave you a chance to date me. You said no. I gave
you a chance to know me. You said no. So what the fuck you want? Stop wasting
my damn time. You’re either in or out. But no more drama or piss oﬀ…”
She thinks she can play you because you have put yourself in that position.
So don’t put yourself in that position. Stand up for yourself.
A man is to approach a woman to see if she is willing to invest time to date him, to
get to know him. If she’s unwilling then fair enough.
You walk away. That is it.
You persisted. You kept chasing.
You lowered your boundaries for her.
You just let her read your text message like she has some authority?
Why? You’re afraid of losing her.
Never put money, women, fame, anything above yourself respect. When you
cannot be bought with pussy, money, fame, seeking for validation, you’re KING in
this world that is ﬁlled with people hungry for kissing people’s asses.
Stop kissing her ass.
Move on.
Her playing you will stop. She won’t have a choice.
Man up and you’ll have a peace of mind.
9.3k Views · View Upvoters

Men, is it a good thing when your wife or girlfriend is open
minded and free in the bedroom? Or do you want them to be
more demure and conservative?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men. There are billions of us. We’re all diﬀerent.
For me, open minded.
It’s not just in the bedroom.
Personally….
I am the lover type, the down right diry type, free spirit type, the going down on
her type and who attract women who are the same.
The “yes baby you like that sex toy huh. But look what else I bought” type of guy.

The guy she walks into a sex shop together.
The sexual games of subcommunication while walking through the street,
shopping, with sexual discreet games.
Before the bedroom it’s fucking the mind ﬁrst :D
In bedroom, conservative and demure is dead. Gone! Dissappeared. Pﬀf.
It’s not just in the bedroom.
It’s pinning her to the wall.
It’s on the settee
It’s on the table
It’s in the shower
On the ﬂoor.
It’s even in resturant and when we walk….. as I press the small button and the toy
goes brrrrr and she has to not moan and groan loud or show expression with all
people in the resturant or…when walking through the city centre.
It’s that look in my eyes and a whisper into her ears to feel the enthralling,
exciting rush going through all her body, as her legs quiver, her body tingles,
and..
“Can we go home, I so want to..”
“I know” I say, “but not just yet ;)”
I also use text….teasing, ﬂirty, to hardore…dirt….. turning women I date on when
their work lol or with friends.
Their reply is also hardcore.
None of that “hey,…what you up to…blah blah.”
It’s unpredictable.
Adventureous
Daring
Bold
Exciting
Conservative. Demure….
Not in my vocabulary
And it doesn’t start and happens all in the bedroom.
She should be wet, ripping her clothes oﬀ and “OMG! I WANT YOU NOW!”
So yes, I like women that I date to be open minded ;)
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend wants to be my ﬁrst sexual partner. I don't really
want to lose my virginity this early since I'm 15. Some friends
are pressuring me to do it, others are telling me to dump him.
What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I assume you’re a virgin and you’re young too.

Here’s what you need to ask…
What do I want?
Answer
“I don’t want to have sex, I am 15 years old.”
There we go. You know what you want and what you don’t want. You made all the
decisions on your own!
In my book, you’re one smart girl.
Be that way all through your life, i.e. make your own decisions by asking..
“Hmmm, what do I want and what I don’t want?”
And I promise you, you won’t give a shit what friends want and what some guy
who sees you as a conquest wants and what anyone else wants.
That doesn’t mean be a bitch by the way and seeing every guy as some guy who
only cares about a girls for sex.
I’m sure you met girls like that who think..
“All guys think about is sex.”
Well, I’m a guy and yes, I LOVE SEX. Love it and will never apologise for being a
lover, a man who loves sex.
BUT….there is a line to never cross.
It’s mutual desire. It’s not what I want. It’s what we BOTH want and this isn’t
done by seeing a girl as a conquest, a prize, a trophy, the ﬁrst.
You know what you want.
Look here it is again….
“I don't really want to lose it this early since I'm 15.”
There we go. Follow your heart. This is you.
Be proud of you.
Own your decision.
Don’t let other people make the decision for you. Don’t get inﬂuenced by other
people’s decisions including your friends.
Real friends will ask, “what do you want?”
You know what you want..
“I don't really want to lose it this early since I'm 15.”
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like receiving love letters?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It would creep me out and frustrate me….if I received an anonymous love letter or
a letter from a girl who tells me she loves me, when we haven’t even dated yet. I
won’t know who is sending these letters.
It’s creepy if it happened that way.
I would appreciate it more if she showed courage and approached me and said..

“Hey, I know this is a bit forward, but youre so damn attractive and I want to get to
know you. Can we talk over a drink?”
Now that to me is impressive because she had to overcome her fears and societies
social bullshit pressures and social norms. I know most girls would never do that.
Most send signals, hints, love letters and hide.
These frustrate me and piss me oﬀ.
Direct courage I admire and respect.
Later she can send love letters after we have dated, got intimate. She can write as
much as she wants.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

I've seen a man a couple of times. He seemed to like me, talked
about the future with me. He told his family about me. But for
the entire week, I received no messages, nothing. I don't know
how to react. If he ever contacts me, should I say something or
act distant?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I personally, would not have done what he did, talking about how he told his
family about you when he only met you twice. Be too soon for that.
Also, he needed to man up and ask you out.
However, most men today are passive, timid, shy, whatever, things I am not.
Since he seems to be this way and behaving passive, sending signals and biding
time, and you’re not sure of his intentions…..
Make your move. He probably fears rejection or he probably don’t see you in that
way. You’re not going to know until you take action.
Because this guy might take a long time if he is into you. Long time :D
Send him a text and show your interest like this..
“Hey (his name), I saw this really great place for coﬀee, love to see you again,
7pm. I like to get to know you more. (add your name at end of the text)
Now you have taken action.
Then when he does text back, lead it to the phone and talk. Show you desire him,
show you’re into him, that he won’t get rejected.
Say you’re into him, say it. No subtle messages. No looking for signals. No games.
No hidden meaning. No waiting.
638 Views · View Upvoters

What can I do for my little sister who got her heart broken?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have four sisters so I’m going to share from my experience.
Don’t advise her about boys. Instead, you demonstrate what a awesome guy is by
being her brother, taking her out, walk with her, have fun with her, show her the
sights around the city.
In my life I have many role models and so my sisters met them. They learnt a lot
from them and they never were advised. It was just observation.

Find out what she’s into, her passion, and buy her things she can use for her
passion. Just be there for her and when the time is right, when she feels close to
you, when she feels open to you, she will naturally walk up to you and talk.
I never advised my sisters on boys, even though I have a lot of knowledge in
dating, life in general, business etc. They just see me as their cool older brother
and they can talk to me about anything on their mind.
Be that brother.
Trust me. I have 4 sisters, lots of drama but I never advised.
I was just there when they needed to talk, needed a hug, needed to vent while I
listened and inside my head, rolled my eyes, knowing what’s coming. Then
they’d look at me and break down crying and want a hug.
And each sister will have their own emotional languages, i.e. personality. One will
be dominant so telling her what to do will backﬁre. One will be supportive, other
inspiring…party loud want fun all time and always distracted and other very
cautious, and all of them have a mix of everyone in them.
Read up personality plus and read up love languages.
I read a lot because my father was not around, divourced and all that when young
but knowledge enabled me to see much more, and what to do..
One thing to not do..is advise but listen more, be there more, have fun with your
sisters, take them out, let them be themselves with you.
I wish I could have done more but my life wasn’t easy, had dreams, huge
responsibilities but I tried to at least be the brother who they can talk to.
This will take time mind you as all things that are meaningful, special, unique
desires such time for strong bond to build.
Just be there, be patient, be that brother who is cool to talk to whenever they
need to.
3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know when you are going into the friendzone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you want to get hurt? Do you really want to feel some heavy shit rejection that
hits you so hard, it will last for years?
If yes, keep doing what you’re doing, looking for signs.
But if you want to avoid being messed around and want to get to a girl that says
yes faster, without the frustrations of looking for ambigous signs…then stop
looking for signs. Take action immediately.
Don’t be passive and timid.
I want you to experience and feel what I am in this life today.
My life rocks because of what I am sharing with you now.
Your status is your behaviour.
It’s called leadership. Leaders take action. You take risks. You are a guy who has
no time for being ambigous games.
If you don’t behave in a manner where you go for what you want, you’re already
showing you’re lack belief in yourself. It sends a subcommunication message. A
body language message. A vibe that you’re intimidated and afraid.

It shows you’re medicore and not cut above the rest of guys who are medicore,
and who do not take action but play safe with life.
You’re telling the world and yourself you don’t believe your worthy of dating
anyone. You’re just an observer than a guy who believes in himself.
Just approach her, ﬂirt, be fun, converse and then paint a picture of what can
happen i.e. going out somewhere, and then get her to show she’s interested in you
to….then ask her out.
If she is not interested, awesome. Move on.
Rejection is good.
Here’s why Rejection is your best friend..
1. Girls ﬂirt to feel good about themselves
2. Girls ﬂirt to get attention
3. Girls ﬂirt out of boredom
4. Girls ﬂirt because they feel stress and want to relieve anxiety
5. Girls ﬂirt because they want to show oﬀ to other girls. Status
6. Girls ﬂirt to get attention from some other guy rather than you
7. Girls also ﬂirt because they want you
But how do you know which one is the girl doing?
You have to take action, make sure she is for real. That way you avoid wasting
time because the girl is doing 1–6.
But it does something very important.
Pay attention because this is gold and this is what women know immediately
about me when I am approaching them.
That I will WALK AWAY if she doesn’t show interest.
She knows it, she feels it and understands that I have options in my life. That I
can approach her but I can also…. approach other women too.
So if a woman doesn’t show me interest back in minutes, if she doesn’t engage, if
she doesn’t work to show me she’s interested…no problem. I have options in life. I
create the opportunity. I create the options.
But if you hesitate, if you work hard looking for signals, if you waste time talking
to her or just staring, she will know you don’t have options.
She knows you are not desired by other women or she knows you don’t approach
many women. So she will be on a pedestal, thinking she’s the ONLY one. When
someone thinks they are the only one, they don’t move fast enough.
But when they know 100% she can lose you IF she’s into you, she will take action.
That’s IF she’s interested in you and if she isn’t, no problem. You’re walking away
anyway to approach someone else later on.
Only way you know is to quickly…..immediately…..approach her and now she got
to show her true colours. She has the opportunity to say yes or no.
If yes, awesome, now move to next phase.
If no, walk away without looking back or phased about it. She has shown her
intent. It doesn’t matter what it means. If it is not 100% yes, walk away.

Sure, sometimes nerves get in the way and she might be interested but she didn’t
show it right there. Guess what? Tough!
I won’t wait around orbiting and she can now see how it’s not easy showing
vulnerability by approaching herself and asking you out.
But I won’t wait, hoping for that. I’d move on.
This helps you to avoid ﬁlling your head with the IDEA of her, painting her as
some special girl, the only one, the godesses, so nice, so amazing, so whatever!
The more you spend time building this hudge picture in your mind, the more you
emotionally invest, the more you invest time, emotions, fantasies about her that
if she does say no, it will hit you hard.
It be heavy for your emotions because…..the investment you put in, the
neediness for seeking validation instead of ﬁnding out immediately…if she is
willing to invest in you.
You’re not in the friend zone.
You’re in your HEAD!
That’s the zone.
Get out of your head and into the real world.
Take action always immediately. Leave the sign reading for guys who have no
balls to man up and ask a girl out.
7.2k Views · View Upvoters

Are there women who are attracted to thin skinny men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have seen women dating:
1. Fat guys
2. Obese guys
3. Skinny guys
4. Tall guys
5. Short guys
6. Guys with bald head
7. Guys with disability
8. Guys into the freaky shit
9. Guys into monagamy
10. Guys into threesome
11. Guys into polygamy
12. Guys into fuckbuddies relationship only
Every woman is diﬀerent but I’m going to share something with you that is
important when it comes to dating.
The ﬁrst is this…it’s about feelings.
When you can make a woman feel alive. Most guys just don’t get this part. They
always think about the look and yes, appearances are important but hey, I’m not
Brad Pitt either or a hot shot model.

But I know this.
I don’t need to say a damn word to make a woman feel alive, her body tingle, her
tongue licking her lips.
You only have to approach and not say a word, look at her and she feel the sub
communication kicking oﬀ.
I do that in night clubs because in night clubs you have blasting music, it’s loud
and no words you can say will do jack shit. So here’s where conﬁdence guys just
looks at her, smiles and takes her hand, and we’re on the dance ﬂoor.
Or I’d get her to lean forward for me to whisper, “it’s loud here, let’s go out so we
can talk..” like it meant to happen.
Yes, appearances matter, I’ll look good in clothes wise, I hit the gym, smell good,
and conﬁdent. Then I approach immediately I see a woman and not hesitate. I
have no 3 second rule. I move the moment I see a woman I like immediately.
It’s not just one thing.
It’s other things that come together as one.
The conﬁdence. The social skills. The way you know how to engage. The feelings
inside of you that is vibing out there and letting women know you’re secure about
yourself/conﬁdent.
That you live in your reality.
So don’t worry about skinny, tall, this and that.
Women are dating all kinds of guys and you’ll not see that if you don’t go out
often, mingle with tons of people or living in a cave playing XBOX.
Use what you got. Make what you have better.
17 Views · View Upvoters

I like a boy and I don't think he likes me. Should I be the one to
ask him out or wait to see if he asks me out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jun 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, it’s never about who should ask ﬁrst except that is, you want to do what
some women do and play psychological game.
You know..
“If he approaches me, he is so into me” etc cetre.
I know women today who bypassed so much of that, and happily dating, got
married, have children.
In fact, I know two women who approached a guy. Thankfully they didn’t listen to
their friends on how to wait for a guy.
Instead one of them walked right up to the guy at the chasier and asked him out
for coﬀee. He said yes and they are now married, with children and run a
business together.
The other walked up to a guy in a night club.
She saw women around him, walked right through them, and said..
“Are any of these women you’re girlfriends?”
“No.”

“Ok, come with me.” and moved to dance ﬂoor, danced close as she whispered
she’s into him and if he’d like to go out sometime this week.
CLASS!
You know the most powerful thing for a man?
When he knows a woman desires him.
If you like someone then you approach because if you don’t, then someone else
will. It’s that simple. You can play hard to get if you like but what good does it do?
You just leave it wide open….for…other women.
Now, don’t just approach and say “I like you.”
You can like a lot of things but if you want to know the intent of the other person,
then you need to lead them to make that decision now, right there, in front of
you. You need to show clearly you desire this person.
You want them to say they are into you to, they are attracted to you too and you
need to lead to the “what’s next.”
Or you will be standing there like most people, who say “I like you” and expecting
something and that something is not going to happen.
You can be at this place where you have decided, “enough of this crap. I’m too
mature, too gone, too ild for this shit and so I am approaching..”
Or just do nothing and he walks away.
So approach, keep it light hearted, ﬂirt, be fun, to remove awkwardiness and then
ask the person out.
If he don’t feel the same way, awesome…now you know not to invest anymore
time and move on to someone else.
Rejection is good.
It tells you who should be dating you and who shouldn’t be, and who you don’t
invest anymore time for any future romantic advances.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do with him? Write and ask for a meeting or just
let it go?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, you met a guy who was insecure about himself.
This happened to me by the way. I met a woman and we decided to go to my place
and we knew why. It was clear as day, we were hot for each other. There was none
of the bullshit games. We just clicked.
She came to my house, all was going great and sex was awesome. Then she had a
shower, got dressed and said..
“I have to go.”
Now here’s the diﬀerence. I’ve been dating for years, I’m experienced and also I
am secure about myself. So I’m not going to think this is about me.
I’m going to think which I did, it was her nerves, something going round her head
and so, she needs room, space to think what has just happened. I even thought
maybe she needs to meet someone fast, a friend and forgot.
No problem.

So I smiled and said, “Ok.”
I didn’t make her feel bad about it and I even sent a text later with some call back
humour and to say hope she arrived ok. Done.
When I did see her again, I didn’t ignore her but behaved as nothing happened,
and we smiled, talked and behaved as lovers.
She did open up and talked about it later on and I again, didn’t make it a big deal.
I said…
“Hey, it happens, it’s ﬁne. I didn’t think anything bad about you or the situation. I
just thought you needed to meet someone or work things out which is ﬁne. You did
nothing wrong..”
Unfortunately, you met guy who was insecure and he made it all about himself.
Yes, it could have been a great experience if he was mature.
That’s life.
Don’t let it get to you and just see it as part of lifes experience. Just don’t let that
suddenly make you judge other guys you date and also about yourself.
Best you move on and be with someone mature, experienced, and a wise head on
their shoulders. Might take time meeting such guys but when you do, you’ll see
what I am talking about.
It’s very diﬀerent. It’s not drama.
He’s drama. Yes, guys can also be drama queens too.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

I have lost my interest in a guy who is just like my brother. I
don't feel romantic towards him either. What could be the
possible reason behind this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because of a lot of reason which I say to guys to avoid:
1. Too needy. In other words, he would be play so safe because he seeks
validation than be himself. He’s so nice, so sweet but really, he would pin
you to the wall and rip your clothes oﬀ but he won’t.
2. He’s far too scared to do so and very….very…..predictable. It be the same
bullshit talk when you meet, same actions, same behaviour, and treats
you like a friend, a relative than a lover.
3. There is no sexual tension whatsoever where you’re body be tingling,
your pussy wet just by him looking at you, and talking to you. You don’t
have this sensation to run up when you see him and hands all over him.
Meh, it ain’t going to happen. He probably phones you every day, text
you everyday, with same shit everyday and every night “have a good
night sweetie” :D
4. He’s comfort and nothing more for you than comfort. You know comfort?
Where he’s so familiar in behaviour, like you’re with a relative or some
girl friend of yours. You’ll share EVERYTHING and he probably give you
advise, solutions too like he’s a therapist and you is the patient.
That kind of comfort and nothing of attraction, sexual attraction where
your heart go boom boom boom.
It happens.

Lots of boring shits in this world and playing safe, and have no clue about dating
a girl. You know, so nice, so sweet, so…well….nice.
He’s become this brother guy, like your sister, like your girlfriend.
In other words…he didn’t behave as a lover.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like girls who can dance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone is diﬀerent but for me, I love it when a girl can dance, and I mean,
dance real good, using all her body, sexy like. If two girls were dancing on the
dance ﬂoor or a group of them but one of them danced really well, I’ll be drawn to
her.
The thing is, I don’t ﬁnd many girls who can dance that well and express and
most just get too drunk, or not smiling which is a turn oﬀ.
It’s not just dancing but passion with smiling, ﬂirt, show interest in the guy, pull
him over, go close to him, dance close etc cetre.
So yes, I like girls who can express and go nuts on dance ﬂoor, but has rhythm,
ﬂow. I’m a good dancer myself so I appreciate when I see someone who can dance
and express without worry in world but she has rhythm, it makes sense, it’s sexy
and it’s ﬂowing to the beat.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I am 30 and single. Am I too old to date and get married?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I was right now 50 years old, 50, I won’t think it’s too late for dating nor would it
be too late for hitting the gym either, studying, doing whatever I want to do.
You’re salary isn’t the thing that will attract.
It’s how you make a woman feel. I keep saying it, I know, in many answers but
that is the truth right there. It’s how you make a woman feel.
This is the reason why most who talk about age, money, looks don’t get.
I know guys aged 40 and they still going out approaching women and dating.
Unemployed is dating women and attractive women.
Ugly in terms of how society perceives beauty are dating.
Tall, short, and on and on is the examples all around me.
It doesn’t matter, money, salary, and all that. Conﬁdence is king and so is having
the social skills and understanding about women, when wanting to date.
Don’t let anyone tell you, you talk to women like you talk to everyone else.
The amount of times I have heard that crap on here and everywhere else, is just
crazy when I know from experience, it is not so.
So forget about your age, your salary. This is a guy who dates women, has sex with
women, and never took them to resturants until they got physical with me.
I break all the rules most bullshit us about.

You can be 40 right now and still can go out and date. It’s never too late about
anything, if you really want to go and do it.
Achieving it is a diferent thing entirely because it takes conﬁdence, experience,
social skills and conversation skills.
So don’t worry about age, height, looks, salary, if you’re single with children, ill,
whatever. It’s all in our head.
Focus on job at hand…
Start approaching and get some experience.
Be prepared for tons of rejections, we all go through it., Rejections are there to say
who to invest more time with, who to walk away from, who is suppose to be
dating you and who is not.
I love rejections. It is truth.
Tells me it as it is rather than the fantasies in our head.
4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I become the girl all the guys want?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The real question needs to be..
“What do I look for in a guy?”
Being you is how you stand out from the rest.
Every guy is diﬀerent. Like every human being. We all have diﬀerent upbringing.
We have diﬀerent perceptions.
Our reality is diﬀerent.
We even change what we want as time goes on and as we mature in age,
knowledge and experience. So what we want now may change on what we want
later on when dating a woman.
We see beauty in very diﬀerent ways. We see life diﬀerently. Some come from
diﬀerent cultures.
Some like curvy girls.
Some like thin women
Some don’t want to date women
Some don’t like women at all
Some like white women
Some like black women
Some like women of other cultures
Some like religious women
Some like women who are not religious
Some guys like dating tall women
Some like dating short women
Some like women who are introvert

Some like extroverts
Some like women who party
Some like women who studies and quiet
Some of us like dating more women than being monagmous.
Can you see the problem here?
You can’t be a woman for every guy.
You gave to decide what you want and what you look for.
If you don’t then you won’t have any standards and boundaries because you be so
into trying to seek validation and acceptance from every guy. You’ll try to be a
woman for every man you meet.
So instead of thinking of being a girl for every guy, ask yourself..
“What do I want in a guy?”
“How do I want to be treated?”
“What do I want from dating a guy?”
“What are my boundaries?”
Then follow the basics like looking clean, dressing up in your style, feeling good
about yourself, get social skills, learn to ﬂirt, learn conversation skills, smile, say
hi, go and do something you’re very passionate about and meet lots of people.
Be approachable.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl who is a freelance dancer whereas I am an
engineering graduate.Will there be any comparability issues?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Compatibility isn’t about interests, values, education. It is an attitude, a process,
a willingness from each lover to work towards a common goal.
The goal - each others happiness.
That’s what compatibility is.
So it depends on her attitude and yours.
If both of you are into each other, nothing in world can stop you but if you’re not,
you’ll both make any detail, small or large as an obstacle.
You’ll learn relationship skills, communication skills, knowledge to help each
other. You’ll get to know each other at a deeper level because love is not enough,
so you would work together to make each other happy.
693 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make my parents support my dream of becoming a
singer?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jun 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be diﬃcult to get support from anyone when it comes to arts and music. In
fact, probably anything if you’re young and the people around you haven’t seen
such dreams happen.
Most couldn’t see past much in their life except a 9–5 job in something such as
teaching, accountancy, law and whatever else.

That’s ﬁne but it’s not for me. I’ve seen where that road leads to and it’s
something that doesn’t lead to where I want to be.
I’m talking from experience.
No one gives a shit until you make things happen and only then, most, not all,
but most people will believe only when you make it.
Even now, people coming from the damn wood works saying they knew I’d make
it when they knew nothing of what I was doing, striving for and so, all are talking
a lot of bullshit.
I came from a community that is religious and a culture rigid in regards to what I
wanted to do.
This included music, string instruments, singing, arts and writing.
Much of what I wanted to do was prohibited so you can imagine then as a young
lad of 9 years old, with all these dreams, how diﬃcult it be.
But I decided what I wanted to do.
The one thing I did is this..
I didn’t look for their support and detached from seeking validation.
Instead, I made a plan and got busy doing it. I kept my mouth shut about my
dreams for years. They only found out my success from others and believe me, I
got more talent in my little ﬁnger than most will ever have.
The gift was not the talent. I had to work hard for that. The gift is stubborness,
guts, a lot of balls and the tenacity to keep going. That’s a gift I had inside of me
but most of all the attitude that I am not doing it for anyone to get recognition.
Do it for reognition and your dream will die so fast you won’t believe. So if you’re
counting on people cheering you on, relative, friends or anyone else, forget it. You
need to believe in what you want to achieve.
Even now, I cannot help but write. I cannot help but create new songs. I can’t help
but sing. I can’t help but create my art work, the designs, the layout and step by
step strategy for what’s come.
I can go on till people sleep but that’s because it burns me inside. I really don’t
even give a fuck if I ever arrive to the big step I am trying to achieve. The vision. It
may never happen. I might drop dead tomorrow or now.
I really don’t give a damn because I am happy.
Happy doing what I do, and wake up every morning with a jump. Seriously! I
don’t need an alarm to wake me up.
How many need an alarm to wake up for their..job and whatever they do.
I don’t because I love what I do. It burns me with good feeling inside. In fact,
THIS is one of things that attract gorgeous women to me.
They know, everyone knows, they can say “either me or this dream” and I will tell
tjem all to take a hike. I won’t give it up for women, for money, for anything. I am
set, rock hard, in this journey.
And that is why companies I worked for were saddened for me to leave because
when I worked, I put my heart in it but it wasn’t for my dream but their empire.
Now I do it for my empire.
I probably never attain the status, the fame, then money, the big blue chip
company status, teh facebook, the tinder, whatever.

It doesn’t matter. It’s not like “what if.”
I’m sold to what I am doing. Sold. All in. 100%. I will never say how I can get
someone to support me, how can I get someone to believe, how I can get someone
to accept and even how can I get women to like me.
Screw all that.
I am sold to what I am doing.
Have this kind of attitude because a dream can take years or it can be faster. I
have no secret to making it happen fast for you but I do have this…
This is from my personal experience you need to do..
1. Make sure you focus in the studies at school to show you’re responsible, you’re
serious about education and you’re got your shit together.
2. In your spare time, get your act together. If you need to learn to play guitar or
singing… learn it. You want to be a singer then learn to train your voice and body
to help you do that. Learn music so you never rely on anyone to write your songs,
your beats, whatever.
These days you can do a lot at home and take your music and vocals and someone
will master it for you.
If you need to do whatever, learn it. Use that time for learning you’re art.
3. Focus more on doing than telling anyone what you’re dream is. The moment
you start telling your dreams to anyone, most will tell you why it won’t happen.
Most will try to bring you down for survival purposes.
You will remind them of the dreams they didn’t follow and they’ll probably tell
you to be realistic. Some people cannot see what you see and to try to explain is
useless. So talk less and do more for your goals in music.
4. If someone asks what you’re doing, just say you’re having fun playing the
guitar. Don’t get all serious telling them you got a dream, to be this or that.
Remember point three.
5. You have social media. Use one. Youtube and document your process. Make it
fun. Sing! SING YOUR OWN SONGS. Be diﬀerent than everyone else. Have maybe
a playlist for singing cover songs but make sure you get known for singing your
own songs. Be diﬀerent.
So really, be sold to your vision.
It is about you detaingch from seeking validation and acceptance from others.
Focus on learning the skills you need.
The results will speak for itself.
They will see your results time and time again. They will see your work grow and
succeed. They will hear it from others and one day, they will see you doing it in
front of a lot of people or in the newspapers.
Instead of asking for support, create and do, to such a level people cannot help
but want to support you without you asking for it.
Action and results speaks louder.
Some people got to see it ﬁrst before they want to support it.
713 Views · View Upvoters

Does it drive a guy nuts when a girl he likes ignores him?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It would drive some guy nuts if he’s desperate, still chasing even when the girl has
ignored him, once, twice.
I personally, don’t go nuts.
The reason being is I like my life to be simple and so, if a woman I am interested
in ignores me once, and I give a chance to ﬁnd she is doing it again, bye, bye. I’m
not even going to bother and move on.
If woman also says we’re not compatible just once by even saying “I THINK we’re
not compatible” I won’t be helping her to change the THINK into anything else. I
will have moved on. End of discussion with her and I am move on, blocked her in
every damn channel.
That way I focus only on women that KNOW they are into me and behave in a
manner when showing it too.
That’s why I won’t go nuts.
But someone else, if he has no self respect, keeps chasing, well, he will go nuts.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Am I cheating on my boyfriend if I am talking to boys on
tinder?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you do is get your boyfriend on Tinder and chat with him, spark up the
relationship with some adventure. Pretend you don’t know each other, and have
fun and increase the attraction and have fun with each other, and do all that
texting too with each other and lead to dating each other like it’s ﬁrst time.
You’d help your relationship and you’ll both see a diﬀerent side of each other.
Then laugh about it when you’re together.
Get all sexy, ranchy and hot about it to when doing this and ramp it up.
But on the question, you must be feeling something is up, wrong about it if you’re
asking us, strangers and not your boyfriend, and hiding it from him.
I don’t hide anything with women I date.
But also think about the people on there, the guys who think your monogamous
and not in a relationship.
Now if you’re poly like I am and have understanding with each other about it, and
he knows you’re doing this, then by all means, go for it.
But if not, isn’t it best to be open about things with your boyfriend as you’d like
him to be with you?
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a girl say "maybe," when she really means "no"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason can be:
1. Girls been approached many times and she doesn’t want to say no
because she once said no before, and the guys went ape shit. Start
behaving weird or slut shaming, and doing all kinds of bullshit.

2. The brain, even though we have evolved with technology etc, it still
behaves in a survival manner.
3. So the ﬁrst thing it will do is take the least resistence to protect the owner
of the brain. The girl will probably didn’t want to say a straight no to
overcome any anxiety that will come from conﬂict or awkwardiness.
4. Or she believes in the bullshit of playing hard to get, but it doesn’t
matter. You still move on.
You will also hear stuﬀ like..
“I’m not ready for a relationship” but see her date some guy a day later lol.
“I’m so busy with blah blah.”
“Let me think about it.”
“I don’t know.”
“Maybe.”
In either case, if it is not a 100% YES move on fast and you can then approach
someone else. It doesn’t matter she said it to avoid conﬂict, awkwardiness or
believe in the play hard to get game.
The key is she showed her intent.
For me, a maybe is…no.
I move on and don’t wait.
Rather invest time on someone who wants to be with me, date me than someone
who is unsure or isn’t giving a straight answer.
I have hard time focusing on my own thoughts than having to ﬁgure out someone
else’s thoughts too :D
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

How would you act around a girl who is interested in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I liked her I’d approach and say so.
I’m just that type of guy who isn’t passive and just can’t stand being passive too.
So I will approach, ﬂirt, be fun, light hearted, isolate somewhere so we can talk,
and ask her out.
If I didn’t like her, I won’t do anything but just be sitting down doing whatever it
is I am doing.
If she came to me and said she liked me and I didn’t like her, then I’ll say I am
ﬂattered but I’m just not interested, but still, thanks.
If I’m in a relationship which I am, the women I date know I date multuple
women, and so I will still ask her out but let her know, I am not into monogamy so
she at least knows where I stand, and for her to know where she needs to stand.
She might be ok about it or not, everyone’s diﬀerent.
But at least in all these I am honest and not hiding my feelings and honest in a
compassionate way to say I’m not interested than wasting someone’s time.
Everyone’s diﬀerent so this is how I behave.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I fell in love with a guy whose friend I rejected. He says he will
talk to me only when his friend approves our love . What should
I do now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok let’s get to the real story. I know this is going to sound harsh but it needs to be
said and in this tone too.
First…your EX-GIRLFRIEND needs to walk away from both of these guys.
After all this question is about your ex-girlfriend and not really about you.
Now to the real story.
You have to be honest with questions because it shows a diﬀerent dynamics and
while most don’t read other answers to see your comment, they will think THIS
question is about you when it’s not.
This question isn’t about you but your ex-girlfriend who is infatuated by a guy,
and he has a friend which she (your ex girlfriend) rejected, and the guy who
rejected her is only going to date her if his friend now approves.
So this question isn’t about you.
It’s about your ex-girlfriend.
Why didn’t you ask the question that you really wanted to ask, which is whether
you should wait for her?
Your own words in the comment of one of the answers..
“Actually the girl who is undergoing this is not me. Im her ex and i still love
her . She seeks out to me for help . Should i wait for her ? Distance separated
us and there was nothing like ﬁght . She feels sorry for me but she is more
concerned about her new love …”
Why did you ask this question, when really, the problem is you’re focused on
getting ex-girlfriend back. And question needed to focus on you.
I know, many will think this answer right here has nothing to do with what you
asked, but I read your comment under one of the answers.
This is only going to get her to see you as nothing more than some guy to be used
a a Tampon, telling you her problems about guys. Boosting her ego. She don’t give
a shit about these guys but the attention.
Any girl telling me these stories, ex-girlfriends, I tell them to go and talk to their
friends about it. I’m not their damn therapist.
Same thing you needed to do with your ex-girlfriend.
Let’s get real here.
You’re question should really be….
“Should I wait for my ex-girlfriend?”
That’s what this question needed to be to help you. Forget her. Think about
yourself. Move on and let her sort her own love triangle bullshit.
966 Views · View Upvoters

What is my problem if I’m 23, and I've never been with
someone?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A French novelist Alphonse Karr once said…
"If men knew all that women think, they'd be twenty times more daring."
Yes, I know you’re a woman but this advise is also to women too when it comes to
dating. People want something but they don’t go and grab it by the horns because
socialisation, social conditioning and following some custom, social norms,
traditions that does nothing but infuriate them.
The guy is not going to appear, pop up, show up or like Disney, you suddenly
bump into each other and Kabooooooom!
Drum roll the shit romance music.
“Shake your ass baby yeah yeah OOoh…”
No, not that one.
This one…
“And the moment we looked into each other eyes I knew you’re the one..”
You’re friends are telling you this to make you feel better. They are doing what
friends do, making you feel better.
Or they do believe in that crap, on how the guy you want to date shows up.
“Be patient, work on yourself, he will ONE DAY show up!
“If you want love then this takes time, you got to wait and when the TIME IS
RIGHT, it will………(wait for it now..ding dong) it will happen..”
Notice how those who say it wait a very long time or they are single, and probably
haven’t been in a relationship except one and that was like 10 years ago! Or they
met someone and stayed with this someone to old age etc cetre.
What you’re doing hasn’t worked for you.
You can be so great. You can be amazing. You can have awesome personality. You
an be smart and all these facts, details and ﬁgures most say with added…
“But why….haven’t I yet got a date,” or “be in a relationship.”
It doesn’t mean anything if you become more approachable.
These are details, facts about you but they don’t help you attract a guy if you’re
not being approachable. Being approachable isn’t talking to guys.
These do not turn me on and nor do they turn many guys I know. You can talk
about these to guys, you can laugh at their lame jokes, ﬂutter your eye lids but if
you don’t do that ONE thing it’s not going to happen.
What is this one thing?
The thing, the action, the behaviour so many women don’t do.
They don’t show interest in the guy.
You need to show you’re interested in a guy.
I was at a cafe one day and you know how a woman showed interested?
She saw me in city centre, she knew me from studio. We talked and said for us to
go for a drink and as we we’re drinking she put her hand on my hands, smiled,
leaned forward and…KISSED.
That is a woman who knew what she wanted.

You don’t have to do that but you need to show interest.
This is another level than the medicore ways most have been taught.
If what you’re doing isn’t working for you….
Change your approach.
Be proactive.
Go out and say hi to guys. Flirt, make eye contact, do whatever and forget
worrying about any crap that people will think you’re a slut, whore, too easy.
All that is social conditioning.
Make sure he knows you’re…interesed in him or another woman will. She won’t
be leaving it to chance either.
Here’s an example of what I mean…
One girl I know liked this guy. She walked right up to him, while he’s surrounded
by girls playing safe. She asked him in front of everyone of them..
“Are any of these women your girlfriends?”
“No” he said.
“Good, come with me.”
And she took his hand and walked and asked him out.
They dated for some years and got married.
Another saw a guy working at a supermarket as a cashier. She would walk to the
very same supermarket, buy a pint of milk to just to see him until enough was
enough.
She walked right to him and said, “would you like to go for a coﬀee together this
week?”
He said yes. They have been with each other for years, have children and run a
business together.
Yes, sending hints and all that is all ﬁne but most guys especially guys like me
don’t take these signals seriously.
If you don’t want to wait for a long time, in hope it just…happens..which it
won’t….then you need to do something else than the same things over and over
again.
Be a bit more aggressive.
Show you’re interested in the guys you’re into.
Be approachable and even, approach the guy yourself.
17.7k Views · View Upvoters

If guys don't pick up on hints, how do we discreetly tell them
what we want?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The girls most men guys stay away from are girls who do these hint games, trying
to be discreet and being indirect.
It doesn’t make you look good at all to a man you like.
Only creates suspicioun that the girl is playing games, not really into the guy.

One girl had the right idea.
I just moved into a new area and as I was standing outside, leaving my mum
arguing with my sisters on who broke what. I saw a blonde girl walking out onto
the grass ﬁeld outside our house and so I walked over too.
We locked eyes and I just walked right up to her and we talked.
After some small talk she said, “I like you. I’m so glad you moved here.”
She reached to my hand, held it and I pulled her towards me to kiss her for a
while.
Many girls I have dated were never subtle, discreet. In fact I have to say, I don’t
even bother when a woman is trying anything. If I like her I’d approach anyway
but if I don’t and she’s being discreet…well, tough luck.
1..2…3…4…I’m gone and the city I live at is big. You may never see this person
again and will probably haunt you for a while or ﬁll the gap with some fantastic
fantasy story on how it would have gone.
I can’t read minds and sure, I understand all this fear what some guy might think,
or what friends might think, or if you’re seen as a slut, whore too easy…
BUT…I ﬁnd it attractive, very attractive, a turn on when a girl is honest with her
feelings and does it without all the hints. I also see she has left the tribe, the social
norms, that place where people are so worried to uphold some image to society. I
ﬁnd she is very attractive because it took courage to do it.
Of course, it works both ways.
If I am interested in a girl I approach immediately. You won’t see me being
indirect and sending hints. I am a guy who goes against social norms, traditions,
customs. I’m not interested in ﬁtting in.
I really don’t give a shit about ﬁtting in.
Much of what I do isn’t about ﬁtting in and yes, I may limit myself on something
things but I gain much more than I would by ﬁtting in to the customs, norms and
what is favourable to society as a whole.
Yes, I know I will scare a lot of girls away, because of my direct approach, my ﬂiry
and sexual manner but that’s ﬁne.
The ones that do say Yes are worth the rejection I get along the way and a lot more
fun, sexual, amazing experience and the games don’t come into it.
We just know what we want, we don’t care what other people think. We’ve had
enough of all that bullshit and so we get down to doing what we desire. We talk it,
we say it, we dress it, we live it and that is freedom for me.
Makes life so much easier and fun when it comes to dating.
So yes, forget the hints.
It’s a waste of time and energy.
It’s also frustrating for guys and for me, I ﬁnd it annoying and I stay away from
girls who can’t be honest to show their feelings.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are girls thinking when they are in a nightclub with their
girlfriends and are looking for guys to come up and talk to
them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Jun 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have some friends and we’re sitting down. They are talking to some women and
asking them for advice.
I’m there drinking my coﬀee and just chilling.
They were advising guys all sorts and I know, women will never say things to guys
to make themselves look like in terms of what society frowns on.
So these women are saying to these guys to not do this, not do that, because of
this and because of that.
I see a group of women and I get up and I DO THE OPPOSITE these women
advised my mates.
I walk away with a phone number and in same week, I am dating one of the girls.
The same women who say don’t do this, blah blah, are at the same venue (night
club) and my mates suddenly realised what I’ve been trying to say to them.
To forget what women are thinking and just approach. Just approach. Keep doing
that and you’ll learn faster that way. If you just let go in being attached of the
outcome and just be fun, lighten up and just engage women rather than behaving
in a way to impress.
That’s what I did.
I approached and kept doing that but with the mindset to detach from the
outcome. I went against so much of what society favours…
“You must ask her if you want to kiss her.” I have never done this, ever.
“Ask her if you want to hold her hand.” WTF man! Never did this. Where do
people get this crap from.
“Take a girl on a date resturant.” Never did this only when we have dated, walked
about, got to know each other, got intimate for some weeks, month, sex etc.
And “don’t approach crowd of women, it’s harder.” It’s actually easier.
I don’t have 95% of problems most guys ask on questions on Quora but that’s
because I never followed advise of women, of pick up artist men, and went and
learnt myself in approaching, going through rejections until I got good at it.
Do yourself a favour..
Forget thinking about what woman might be thinking, what they think about this
and that. Just approach. Just do it.
In night clubs, I see who I like and I approach.
If she’s on danceﬂoor, I go over, dance in front of her and I don’t need to say a
word. It’s all body language and conﬁdence.
So approach. Don’t worry about what they like in a guy because it can mean 20
diﬀerent things lol.
Just approach and learn that way.
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you react when someone you used to date tells you that
you are the person they wish to be with?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d probably think, “Hmm. Ok.”

I’d think that the person already had their chance and I’m moving on. That’s
really it. If it was to work that was the time for us to work it.
I don’t forget the reason which most seem to do so, and always pining about their
ex girlfriends or ex-boyfriends.
So for me, deep inside it be “Meh, onwards! Not looking back!”
727 Views · View Upvoters

As a man, how can I tell if a woman ﬁnds me attractive? What
are some cues to look for?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I always approach instead of looking for signals.
There are reasons for this.
But ﬁrst on why most women won’t show interest so clearly and approaching
men…
1. Socialisation or another word for it is social conditioning, in which the
favourable thinking and social norms, customs, that a woman who
approaches man and shows her intent is showing herself to be easy
2. That men need to approach because if she does, it will seem she is a slut,
a whore, and it’s not ladylike. Yes bullshit.
3. What will her friends think. What will other people think. What will the
guy think. On and on goes the fear.
A woman can be sitting close to you or moving closer standing next to you. She
can be doing all the ﬂirting eye contact. She can be ﬂipping her hair.
There can be a long list how a woman shows interest.
It’s a waste of time. You could have just approached.
So I have a rule.
I see a woman, if I like, I approach and see if she is willing to chat, get to know,
invest and if she isn’t, moving on.
Yes, I will get rejection but out of all my friends, I’m the one who is dating. Most
haven’t been dating for years and some for 8 months because they’re looking for
signals from women.
Another reason is..
Most women will do all kinds of things out of..anxiety.
They will do certain things out of discomfort and that includes ﬂirting
unconsciously, to feel better about themselves due to an environment they are in.
They will behave in a manner like men too, to overcome some uneasiness,
discomfort and so they will ﬁdget and do all kinds of stuﬀ.
I’ll give you an example..
Have you seen the questions where a guy said..
“I approached a girl at his university and she said she weren’t interested but she
still looks at him. I have a feeling she’s interested, yes?”
He thinks that she must be interested in him still because she is looking at him
still.

Not really.
He is a memory.
An event of discomfort for her.
He is seen as a threat in her ,mind.
If you have any kind of memory about someone you was in an awkward position
or threat…you will look at that person. You’re attention will focus on this person
immediately. Your brain is now detecting a threat and warning you.
It’s not a sign of interest but a sign of, “It’s him again!”
So signs are very ambigious.
They can be signs for detecting threat. Signs for discomfort and anxiety and not
really signs of interest. People do a lot of things unconsciously and they don’t
even know they are doing it most of then time.
And yes, some ﬂirt on purpose but…
Women ﬂirt for many reasons..
1. For attention and nothing else.
2. To feel they still got the stuﬀ even if some fucking complain they get attention
3. Because they feel anxiety due to environment or feel there is a threat
4. Out of boredom
5. For fun
6. Because they like the guy
So you will never know until you approach and get her to show that she is
interested in you or she isn’t. If she doesn’t take action…if she doesn’t invest then
she’s playing with you and nothing else.
That’s what it prevents. The guy wasting time on someone who is just ﬂirting
either for attention, boredom, to get turned on to go back to her man to go nuts in
bed, or to just for fun. Far too many do that.
It’s like lots of women who bang up selﬁes. Nothing else but for attention or to
feel good about themselves.
Looking for signs, signals just wastes a lot of time. It’s passive and this is the
reason why such behaviour frustrates tons of guys.
They fear rejection than going through the pain, until they get a yes from a
woman they like. That is the only guarantee when you will know if she’s
interested or she’s not interested.
Any who are interested but pretend to not be after you asked or playing hard to
get, are not worth your time. You move on.
Be proactive than passive.
33k Views · View Upvoters

What does a girl mean when she says: "I feel that I misled you"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She was worried by what most girls worried about which by the way comes from
socialisation, or what is known social conditioning.
That..
1. What if he thinks I’m a slut
2. What if he thinks I’m a whore

3. What if he thinks I’m too easy. I better tell him I don’t do this often. It was the
drink.
You needed to be a lover guy and conﬁrm to her you’re not judging her for being
fun, ﬂirty and you don’t judge like most do ie.
“Hey, relax. I like girls who are sexually conﬁdent and know how to ﬂirt. Shows me
she isn’t boring and she’s fun.”
Then drop her oﬀ and let her go because you don’t want to do anything to any girl
who is drunk or had too many too drink, or said she’s drunk too much.
Now she knows, you’re not going to judge her and she can have fun with you, ﬂirt,
etc. cetre when she does see you again.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I have only met online is starting to scare me. She has
talked about killing herself and has become obsessed with me I
think. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Seriously, don’t even bother communicating with her. Manipulative, threatening
and all that. Stop also feeling guilty. You’re not her therapist and nothing you can
do if it wasn’t a scam. There are services, professional help for people who want
to kill themselves.
What you can only do.
1. Give her a number of help for suicides which has suggested before.
2. Block her everywhere
3. Stay away from ever communicating with her.
She continues to write because she knows you’re available.
So stop being available. Block her.
For all you know it’s a scam and even if it’s not, stay away from manipulative
people. For your own safety and sanity, end the communication.
You don’t even know her. This isn’t Disney where you go and save a woman in
damnsel in distress and you be a hero.
This is real life where you live in a world where people will manipulate, use you if
you’re needy, desperate and passive.
Learn to listen to red ﬂags. life is short. You don’t need that headache.
Block her and move on.
927 Views · View Upvoters

I love my friend "intensely" but she loves someone else. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love is not enough. Love doesn’t conquer all. That’s Disney,
Hollywood/Bollywood and romance novels that promotes love is all you need.
You’re in love with the idea because love isn’t one sided when it comes to dating
romance relationships. The other person needs to also be willing to want to invest
and feel the attraction.

If the friend doesn’t feel the same then approach someone else and leave this
friend alone. Respect this friends decision.
It’s not rocket science.
If someone is not interested in you, then you walk away. If you cannot be friends
with this person because of feelings then leave. Better not be friends to try and
get closer because it’s deception and manipulative.
Respect their decision and just be friends if you can but without the hope of them
changing. Distance yourself, focus on your life and approach others for dating.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when the girlfriend says I'm too busy for a
relationship, I don't have time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t need to look for the meaning. This is where most guys falter and waste
time. The one thing to look for is nothing else but this….
Her intent.
That she has shown she is unwilling to invest time to date you and get to know
you. That is all one looks for as a man and not winning a woman over. Or do what
most guys do by trying to ﬁgure out what she means.
It doesn’t really matter what she means.
Here’s why…
She could mean many things. It can mean she’s not interested in you. It can mean
she wants to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness because she knows you but she
cannot say “no” so she gives some excuses.
It can mean you’re approach makes women feel awkward.
That you lack conﬁdence, lack experience, social skills to build rapport and come
oﬀ too serious and romantic. Maybe you have low sexual appeal.
Maybe you’ve spent too much time with her and orbiting around her and got to
know her, then asked her out but too much time has made you familiar.
But even then…all these means nothing because really, a man of standards, a
man of self respect, a man who has self worth and values himself has boundaries.
He has values and so he will want a clear answer..
“Yes”
Anything else, he’s not going to bother his time wondering what it mean AND nor
is he going to wait for her either. Nor is he going to chase her.
He won’t put his life on hold for a woman who said she is too busy, showing lack
ogf interest and she will go on living her life like he doesn’t exist.
Instead, he will go and approach other women until he meets a woman who is
willing to invest time to get to know him.
Forget wondering what it means. You got an answer so take it for face value and
move on to someone else.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

A girl canceled on me last minute but sent a genuine apology.
Should I give her another chance?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Did she suggest another time, date and where to meet? That’s when I know it’s a
sincere one and she be interested in me.
However, give her another chance if she hasn’t but if it happens again, don’t
waste your time with her. She’s not interested if she does it again and even if she
is, you really don’t want to date someone who can’t organise their life.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I spent 5 years chasing a woman of my dreams. She ﬁnally gave
me an opportunity. I still don't think she's into me. What do I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not going to like what I’m going say but here goes.
You’re going to be seen by her AND her friends, as clingy, desperate, needy and
you’re like some trophy she will brag about to her friends. You’re like that story to
show oﬀ to friends and for her ego boost. Nothing else.
You chased a woman for 5 years which tells me, you’re passive, timid, desperate
and she has tested your frame so many times. In other words, the 5 years of
chasing her has done nothing but shown you haven’t got standards.
So you will for sure, always attract women who psychologically put you down.
They’ll waste your time, give you excuses, play with you like you’re a mouse, test
to see if you’ll buy them a car, a ring, and throw it on your face. Probably already
happened for sure….as it’s part of the process that desperate men go through.
She’s not into you and never will be.
When the lover type comes along, someone who won’t take such shit from any
woman, conﬁdent, a man of self worth, where if a woman doesn’t say YES
immediately and he immediately walk away…she will fall for him…head over
heels.
You’re instinct, your gut has been screaming at you to drop her. It has been telling
you to let her go and to wake up from the fantasy and into the reality.
There is no dream girl. There is only a woman who desires you and willing to
invest time to get to know you rather than this chase game.
You always approach by investing less.
You do that by approaching to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest in dating you,
getting to know you. It’s not about chasing a woman to win..her…over.
If a YES happens immediately, great but if no, and if any other reasons like busy,
blah blah, whatever….you walk away.
Forget looking for signals and meaning why she did this or said that.
She showed her intent and that’s all that matters.
However, you have invested far too much time in her and she knows you got her
on a pedestal and believe me, she be using you to look good to her friends. Telling
all kinds of stories about how some guy chasing her blah blah blah.
Stop giving her anymore attention and don’t do things to win her over.
Walk away and approach someone else, until you get a woman that is willing to
invest in getting to know you, respects you because that’s how you begin to build
a meaningful relationship that isn’t one sided.

This right now is one sided.
It will end up in you getting hurt but don’t blame women for it. Instead learn
from this lesson, that you invested too much in someone who doesn’t really give a
damn about you.
It’s just a game to her. Move on.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I was warned by someone that the girl I like doesn't want a
boyfriend, is there anything I can do to change that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m going to share with a lesson I learnt very quickly.
Don’t listen to friends, someone else, on what to do and even if that person knows
who it is you want to ask out. There is only you approaching the girl, ﬂirt, be
playful, not serious, converse and ask her out.
And no, it’s not complicated, unique, diﬀerent.
I get so many say that because they are looking for some way to ask a girl out
probably…a second time. They don’t want to see it for what it is and build some
idea in their head on what might change and happen.
If you asked the girl and she says she’s busy, blah blah, then she has shown her
intent. That’s it. Move on. Don’t be desperate, needy, putting your life on hold in
hope she might change her mind.
No girl is worth that.
It’s either a YES or move on.
Approach other girls and forget thinking she might change. A lot of things
“might” happen but these might not happen. Looking at life that way and waiting
around, orbiting around a girl is needy.
What is 100% certain is… there are plenty of girls out there to approach.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend left me because he thinks his parents would not
approve me. Should I try to get him back?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Answered Jun 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“When someone wants to be with someone, there are no details, that can
come in between. But if one of the lovers does not want to be with the
person, any detail like family, friends, society, location, job, whatever will
always prevent them to work together..”
That’s why love is not enough.
Love doesn’t conquer all.
Compatibility isn’t about what others thinks, what the world thinks, nor is it
about interests and values.
It is an attitude, a process, where lovers willingly….work towards a common
goal…for both their happiness.
You need to distance yourself from him right now.
If you continue contact with him, then he will keep you confused, you’ll be
hanging, you cannot move forward. He needs to see that you’re not someone who

will hang around and babysit him.
Do you want a man who is weak, who gives excuses like this, who cannot stand
for what he wants or a man who can stand up to what he wants?
Distance yourself and move on.
Think about what you want and your future. He has not included you in his
future and he rather focus on being accepting by his parents, and so it will be the
case in life too. A man seeking other people’s approval rather being himself.
Move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Can a creative person and a non-creative person succeed in a
romantic relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Compatibility isn’t interests and values. It is attitude, a process, lovers willingly
working towards a common purpose….the happiness for each other.
So the challenges is about comittment, communication, maturity, insecurities,
and many other relationship management.
People’s values change and evolve.
People’s interests changes.
Their perception to life changes through time as we grow. Some who are religions
can become non-religious later in life, some not religious might become religious,
some believe in this or that might change and so forth.
Even the feeling changes.
At ﬁrst it is this fast, boom boom new relationship feeling but then if one doesn’t
have understanding, maturity and experience about how love is not enough, and
think compatibility is feeling this new feeling all time, then problems occurs in
person saying..
“I am in love but not in love with you..”
Really saying, “I want this New Relationship feeling…”
They think the right one, will always make them feel this feeling, but such
things….chemicals fade, it’s not as strong but what is stronger is much deeper,
and a combination of many things.
If you bank on compatibility like most do, then what happens when someone
changes a career, their perception to life and how they see the world? What
happens if life challenges their ﬁnances?
Example - I am an artist, creative, author writing my new books, painter,
designer, strategist and problem solver in a creative way. I can create anything
such as websites, magazines, books, whatever and make a strategy into physical
world.
Anything like logic such maths, or computer programing bores me. The women I
date are more into computer programming, coding, analytics, data driven jobs,
more techie stuﬀ, law, tax jobs. They surpass me in these skills and I don’t want to
do these skills.
That’s why I hire people to do these so I focus on loving what I do.

I have been dating these women for years but it is the way we see the world,
willingness to work together for each other’s happiness, our maturity, how we
communicate to express, desiring to build e meaningful relationship, having fun,
that builds the relationship to grow stronger.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why he suddenly become distant when everything was going
so well?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re values will be diﬀerent to his. For you, connecting, staying in touch often
is important but he’s not going to know that.
Mind the gap because at this moment your mind is running on assumptions not
facts. You’re asking people here, strangers when you need to text him, contact
him and not in a way to say..
“what’s going on.”
Instead, touch base, say hi and say you know a place to go out and be great to see
him again. So just contact him, be positive, upbeat.
Talk on phone, stay upbeat.
You can later on when you do meet, talk and ask how he’s going, you missed him
and you’d like to hear from him. He will probably share what he’s been doing, lots
of projects, busy with friends etc cetre.
Make the call, don’t assume anything.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think a relationship will work if they have to know
everything about each other and be in contact 24/7?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not something you can generalise. People are diﬀerent. Some might like that
and some, like myself, won’t. I’m not into smothering and I am not type to tell
everything, and believe me, you won’t want to know.
My life wasn’t normal years ago as it’s ﬁlled with revolution, darkness, lots of shit
going on but that toughened me. Even then, I don’t want to talk about it, share
many secrets. Many things I’m going to take to the grave.
The contacting 24/7 will drive me nuts and will creep me out. If the women I date
do that and they needy for attention 24/7, well, forget it. They’ll surely feel
wanting and throw the towel in, thinking I just don’t care.
It’s not that I don’t care. It’s just not for me.
I’ll be be busy building my dreams, writing a new book, creating my own
magazine, creating a paintings, coaching people and travelling around the world.
My life will always be packed with goals, dreams and so the women I date will
have their own dreams too, and be busy.
As you can see, it won’t work for me and I know many people who are the same
but I’m sure, for some it will be wonderful.
Doesn’t mean I don’t know about love, don’t show aﬀection, romance and can’t
build a meaningful relationship. I date multiple women and relationship I am
still in has been going for 16 years, other women I am dating a little less.

I’m an adventurer, fast life, traveling the world, artist, musician, author,
entrepreneur and so I need to breathe. Need my space and I like alone time too.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why I always feel jealous of top students in my class?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Jun 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Insecurity
You see students achieving better grades or achieving better but you’re not.
You’re not conﬁdent in your own ability and so, instead of being happy others are
succeeding and knowing why they succeed, you envy them in a diﬀerent way.
You’re envy not out of admiration and wanting to learn from them but instead it
is an envy where you’re thinking, “if I can’t be a top student then nor should
they.”
Better you focus in putting the work in, looking for support to get better at your
studies, be patient to grow, mature and letting go of control. Control comes from
fear based and it’s about controlling what you cannot control…other people
achieving.
You will always meet people faster, better, more knowledgeable at what you do
but understand this most powerful wisdom.
People don’t give a shit what you know if you want to make friends, get along
with people but rather, how you make them…feel.
The world that we live in takes team work and so if you’re insecure about
someone else’s abilities, you will be a hindrance to the team instead of being part
of the solution in contributing to making a project successful.
2. You’re Overthinking.
You’re obesssessively thinking about worries of the future when you need to
focus on the present. In doing so, you create new worries and increasing your
own anxiety, which gets you to procrastinate instead of focusing on the job at
hand.
Yes, uncertainty, the unknown can be a scarey place.
Most people cannot handle uncertainty and so, they ﬁll in the blanks with
assumptions which leads to envy, jealousy.
What You Can Do
- Let go of control and focus on the present.
- Design a practical plan for eﬀective studying.
- Get to know the students achieving and study with them.
- Give to others. Help a fellow student who needs help.
1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend wants to break up with me, but I am not able to
let go of him. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You don’t know any better.
How can you know what a good relationship is, what it feels like to be really
loved, when you didn’t have positive role models. When you probably have been
in an abusive environment before you met him.
You saw only the Halo eﬀect, the charming, the admiration instead of listening to
the red ﬂags. The need for acceptance, validation was so strong that when the

abuse started, you still rationalised it was your fault, or that he loves you, that it’s
not his fault, that it will get better if you love him more, if you didn’t do this or
that. That he will change.
2. He scares you and knows how to manipulate you.
He’s told you, that if you leave, you’re done, you’re ﬁnished, he’ll ﬁnd you
wherever you are and beat the shit out of you. He might have already shown
without hints, without being subtle but with real knocks, real punches, on your
face screaming, and manipulation with how he will kill himself if you leave. Then
it moves to blaming you and making you believe you are more wrong than him
and even making you feel so guilty to ever leave him.
3. You think you can ﬁx and change him
Yes, in the beginning it was amazing, it was beautiful, it was like how you
expected, with all the amazing feelings and charming, to make you feel
important. You believe you can change him and have that relationship back. You
think there’s a chance you can ﬁx him.
Deep down, if you really think about it, you know no one can change anyone. The
person has to ﬁrst respect themselves, respect you, and is willing to change
themselves and do the work. It never happens. You might get some promise but it
can be anything tiny to make him explode and it’s back to the same darkness.
With knowing all this, with seeing it happen again and again, you still stay and
try to ﬁx and change him.
4. You’re afraid. Of what? Of being alone
You know how it feels to be alone. You know how it feels when the clock is
ticking. You wonder who will be there for you in the future when you got bills to
pay, debts to pay, keeping the household ﬂowing and looking after everyone else.
How can you cope being on your own?
Well you can when you ﬁrst love yourself and realise you can learn new skills,
make new contacts, attract better opportunities and be whoever you desire to be.
You can get help if you know where to look for it. It’s not him you need to change.
It’s the environment, to walk away from who walks all over and you seeing
loneliness is a gift in taking time for you, to love yourself, ﬁnd who you are and
rebuild your life.
5. Because you love him
It’s ok coming out with logic but this is about emotions. Love is far from being
rationale. It’s emotional and emotions are very powerful. But the fact is, love isn’t
one sided. Love isn’t where you get punched in face, throw about like a rag dall,
abused physically and mentally.
Love does not conquer all. Love is never enough to sustain a relationship.
Love needs much more. It needs compatibility and compatibility is when BOTH
are willing to work with an attitude, a process, for a common goal, for each
other’s happiness.
Start with getting therapy. Walk away from this guy.
Life is giving you a new fresh start. Take it and don’t fall for his manipulation
because HE BELIEVES you can’t walk away. He believes you will run back to him.
He will then use it against you to say he was right.
Forget trying to ﬁx and change him.
Focus on you, your own health, your own mind and your future.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if she loves me but is afraid of me? When I talk to
her, she says to leave her alone but then she stares at me and
gives signs. Last time I talked to her, she shouted to leave her
alone irritatingly.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I get it. I really do.
We want it to be real so bad, don’t we?
You continue building castles in the sky, brick by brick like those romance
adventure movies we have seen many a times.
Believing something is really going on.
We will even lie to ourselves that something is happening, that the other person
MUST feel the same way.
We will disregard our self respect, our boundaries because we’re so needy for
acceptance, validation, to be loved that it gives us comfort to live in this fantasy,
born from our minds.
When really, how can you ever say someone loves you or you love them when you
haven’t asked the person out, when you haven’t dated, when you haven’t real
solid evidence of intimacy, history of being together, loving each other, physical
intimacy, sexual intimacy, overcome challenges together as lovers?
Love?
Maybe you missed the part that it takes 2 people to feel this way. It takes two
people to respect each other, show they like each other and emotionally invested
in each other. Connected deeply after a process of life experiences and intimacy.
Very rational but this isn’t unfortunately isn’t about logic.
But emotions.
If it was logic then we will slap our hads in forehead because there is a part that
hasn’t really happened.
The part of how the person ﬁnds their balls, or courage to approache the person
to ﬁrst get a YES or a No.
Let’s call out the fallacy, the myth, that “love conquers all,” and “one will do
anything for it,” and see what’s going on?
You cannot even bring yourself to tell her you like her.
Instead you probably behaved like most guys….in a passive, timid manner and
unattractive manner. Projecting traites that creeps her out.
Orbiting around her and creeping her out.
She doesn’t love you and you don’t love her either. You haven’t earned that and
nor has she. It takes the other person to say they feel the same way and a lot of
emotional investment between each other as lovers.
And you will never hear it because you’re hear your own echo.
Damage is done. She might never have been interested in you and if she was, that
feeling is over. All she sees is discomfort, neediness and it’s creeping her out and
so, she is psychological putting you down.
Putting a wall between you and her to feel safe, comfortable.
She doesn’t like you, love you or interested in you. The only reason she is looking
is obvious. Her mind sees you as a threat.

Move on and stop looking for signals.
Next time, you see someone you like, don’t orbit, hesitate and show
vulnerabibility, say you like someone and if they don’t feel same way, if they don’t
give clear answer “YES” move on.
This is real life. That’s how it is in real life.
The girl told you to leave her alone and you still asking if you got a chance. What
guy wants to even consider anyone who tells to them: “Leave me alone”?
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

She said she doesn't know how she feels. What should I do now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“If two people want to date each other, they won’t let the details get in the
way. If one of them doesn’t want to, any detail will get in the way..”
The key when a guy approaches a girl, he doesn’t approach to win her over. It is to
see if she is willing to..invest time to go out on a date to get to know him more
intimately.
In other words, she says yes.
So you approach to show true intent, vulnerability right there and then.
You need to have a frame of mindset to see things at face value. Most guys just
ﬁnd themselves frustrated because they are needy, desperate by looking for
signals, and trying to conﬁrm their own theories that a girl likes them without
asking her out.
Some even go so far to not walk away when a girl says “leave me alone.”
AND they don’t ask questions for advise but to conﬁrm their own theories. You
can see this in the comment under one of the answers I gave, on the link below.
What do I do if she loves me but is afraid of me? When I talk to her, she says to
leave her alone but then she stares at me and gives signs. Last time I talked to her,
she shouted to leave her alone irritatingly.
See the neediness, the desperation and all rationality out of the window.
Approaching to show true intent, instead of looking for signals, helps guys to
avoid this unattractive, needy and desperate behaviour.
This helps you to make sure any girl who is just doing things like ﬂirting isn’t
doing so out of boredom, for fun, showing oﬀ, to just feel good but really is into
you. Desires you as you desire her.
You ﬁnd out by how?
You ask her out and that’s when you know the truth.
That’s when she shows her intent.
If she says…
“I’m so busy with studies.”
“I don’t know.”
“I don’t how I should feel.”
Then this is her intent right there, in the moment and you need to avoid looking
for any meaning. That’s neediness. You’re not there to win her over. She should
be interested in you to say yes.

Now some might say but she might be nervous.
You might say “but she does love me but scared.
I understand but such is life - and - such is people who want something to happen
badly. It’s a fantasy.
If someone is not ready to say yes, move on.
Ready or not, you don’t read anything into it. You move on.
Many miss the opportunity due to their own fears, insecurities, some want to but
say no, and some don’t really want to.
So what do you do?
Guess? Wait? Assume? Wonder?
Be their therapist?
You move on.
This is called having boundaries, standards. That doesn’t mean she hasn’t got
standards and boundaries of her own.
It just means you got your own values.
For example, one of my values is I am attracted to women who are decisive. So
when I approach a woman what gets me to invest is she knows who she is, what
she wants, and says yes immediately.
So if she has this culture, mindset, behaviour, perception that a guy who chases,
waits, is some guy who is showing he’s serious or shows he’s relationship
material…that’s her values but mine…will get me to move on.
I’m not interested. Good luck to her. I’m happy for her. If she ﬁnds someone
doing it that way, go ahead but I’m not interested in games, manipulation,
waiting, but rather seek maturity, living in the moment.
If she cannot be clear and shows she is indecisive then I’m not going to wait and
nor do I believe in “the one” and “she’s so special.”
Special and unique to me means, the person shown interest, willing to invest and
this diﬀerentiates her from all the rest of the girls.
That gives it meaning, that there is more to her than all the girls I know who are
just friends, or the hundreds that walk by me and treat me like everyone else they
know. That’s why I will invest more time, willing to nurture a meaningful
relationship and see her diﬀerent.
So if it has no meaning, if there is no clear yes, which creates this distinction
between her and all the girls I see…..I move on.
That’s my standards.
I want a Yes immediately when I ask. Nothing ambigious, no signs, no hints, no
playing hard to get. Yes or No.
My boundaries then is when I asked her out and she didn’t answer clearly, then
I’m not going wait around. My boundaries is I respect my time and I’m sure she
does to, but I’m not going to orbit and waiting around for her.
I’m sure plenty of guys will do that but I’m not one of them.
My boundaries is - when any girl plays hard to get because she learnt this from
other women, magazines, her mum or dad, on how this is how you know a guy is
serious…he chases you…then I move on. Mixed with standards…I want an

intelligent, educated woman, mature, see life the way I see it….who doesn’t fall
for that crap that comes from social conditioning.
My boundaries is when someone ﬂakes out twice, it’s over. Even once is enough
sometimess if I feel a girl is taking the piss.
My boundaries, is if she tries to belittle me, puts me down in front of people, her
friends and anyone else, I’ll will pull her aside and say I’m not having that crap.
Sure, we can be friends but don’t expect that entitles any woman my time. Don’t
expect I’m not going to ﬂirt and take interest in other girls. And if she thinks I’m a
player, wanting just sex, because of that, she’s entitled to think that. As I’m
entitled to think she’s an insecure and full of shit.
I don’t apologise for being a man who knows what he wants, has standards and
boundaries. Many will be passive. I won’t be.
I’m going to be busy approaching others, building my business, career and all
sorts. Also, the ﬂirting stops with her as I don’t want any mixed signals. I want to
know where we stand.
I’ll call it as it is.
That’s some of my boundaries and standards.
I’m not going to try and ﬁgure out what she means or what I should do. I am not
going to worry what world thinks of me. I’m not bothered what the social norm is
and the traditions.
I know what to do.
I got my answer and it wasn’t clear enough, so I move on.
What’s your standards? What’s your boundaries?
These will tell you what you should do.
Everyone will tell you diﬀerent. Some will try and break it down to share what it
all means. Some will say wait and others say move on.
Same like me. I’m saying how it goes but that’s how it is for me.
The question is…
What is your standards and boundaries?
Figure yourself out and forget ﬁguring the girl and anyone else out. It’s hard
enough to think for ourselves and having to also try and think what someone else
means and thinks. Life is too short.
There are far too many guys who wasted so much time waiting for this “one girl”
because “Oh she’s special, so unique, so perfect..”
Or fall into this pick up artist space with ﬁguring out what she means, and why
she does it and how to increase value to get her attention.
Meh, move on.
If she wasn’t sure now, after knowing you, after ﬂirting then take it that her
interest in you is not big enough to let details get in the way.
It is better to be with someone who really wants to be with you.
55.7k Views · View Upvoters

I started dating this guy for only 3 days, and found out we have
an incredible, emotional connection! Are we moving too fast?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends…
If you said “we’re moving into together after dating for 3 days,” then I’d say you’re
oﬀ your rocker. Both of you are :D
Or if you said, “We dating for a week and we’re getting married tomorrow,” then
I’d be yes, a bit too fast.
But if he is cuddling, kisses, having fun with you, thinks you’re best ever
happened since slice bread, and you’re thinking, “Awesome, I’m loving this” and
you’re not thinking of slapping a ring anytime soon……then enjoy it.
As for soul mate, I don’t believe in such things.
I had quite a few women who thought I was their soul mate. Now where are they,
huh? lol. So relax.
Just enjoy it and if he promises grandeur, moving in together, wedding, then
smile, and say..
“Hey, relax, let’s just ﬂow with this. Too soon for that big boy,” and kiss him. Just
tell him you like him a lot and let’s just ﬂow with it and be mature about it.
He’ll get the message.
So enjoy the journey.
After all, see it this way, “who wouldn’t fall crazy over you?”
If a woman was like that with me, I’d think same. “Yeah, who wouldn’t be so
crazy, besotted, all over me? Of course they would!”
;)
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is Personal branding?
Adam Taha, I mentor and develop strategies, marketing plan and website for
talents
Answered Jun 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In a nut shell, it’s what other people say about when you’re not around.
Years ago, it was mostly about your job, the company you belong to, or a logo if it’s
a company but times have changed.
Today, most people won’t stay in the same company their entire life, the way our
parents did years ago. Like my dad, he worked for over 30 years in a company. He
worked in that company, steel works from when he was 20 years old.
It’s rare in present day to hear people I know staying in a company for that long.
Some would stay in a company for a few years and move to another because of
better treatment, pay, team and even location.
In this present day, you cannot really make your job as your brand because to do
so, leaves you in a very vulnerable position.
You want to build a personal brand but even these two words are thrown all over
the place like it is easy to do when it is not.
It’s not easy because years ago we didn’t have much distractions.
We didn’t have the internet, social media, mobile phones, online adverts, lots of
diﬀerent channels of advertising, and noises.

People also travel a lot now for jobs and competitive in job market can be very
diﬃcult. Especially if the only people who know what you’re good at are just your
relatives, friends and co-workers in a job.
That job might not be there in time to come and you might need to move to a
diﬀerent city or country. So what proof other than your CV to say you got talent,
skill, you’re reliable and you get results?
So you need to keep your ﬁngers on the pulse in ensuring other people know
what you’re good at. You need to continue to build connections in a manner that
is healthy, professional and meaningful.
The currency today is grabbing attention but even that’s not enough in a world
where everyone is trying to get someone’s attention.
You need to be…memorable too.
You got to stand for something and the message needs to be consistent with
revealing track record, but it’s not just you who says it but rather other people
saying it, sharing it and can direct people to you.
The digital age can help speed this up but also need to keep your ﬁngers on the
pulse with the oﬄine world too.
You need to have meaning that connects with people.
It is this meaning people carry in their mind, which they share to people they
meet, talk to, socialise with, work with and even do business with.
So it’s people carry the meaning about you (Personal) and then they share to
other people. The more people (the more reach) the more people talk about you
(it increases your reputation).
= Personal Brand
Without other people and the right people, the right audience talking about you
then there is no brand.
You only have a meaning but no one knows about it…yet.
But what will say and share about you?
1. You’re level of expertise
2. Your level of knowledge
3. You’re quality of work
4. How is the interaction with you
5. The delivery and quality of delivery
6. How they feel about you
7. How you made them feel
The next question is….
How do you get all this together and to create reach and reputation?
Let’s say you’re not a big company and you haven’t got a lot of money?
You’re just one person with a skill, and you’re facing tough competition in the job
market.
What can you do to stand out more, bring all you got together in one place and
amplify it to attract attention from the right people, the right contacts, the right
industry so they support you?

That’s a question I’ll leave for you but here’s just one example, but with an
understanding that it’s about what other people say about you.
I’m not talking on this video but if you watch it, you’ll see someone else is talking
about me, on the work I’ve done with them…

685 Views · View Upvoters

Adam Taha: Was it a heartbreak that inspired you to study
about dating, or it is just out of curiosity or skill development?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was out of curiousity to learn and skills development.
As it’s part of our social life and like anything else, I don’t like doing things half
heartedly. I also don’t like second guessing and have always believed, with
anything in life it needs knowledge and skill.
However, it didn’t start with dating.
It started with music. I have always loved writing songs and being in the creative
world. I was always trying to ﬁgure things out for the future.

Also….Arts, writing my own books in the future and ﬁguring out how I would one
day bring all my skills together into a more engaging content of music,
storytelling, with illustrations and videos to solve problems..
Like getting a job, making money from your own home, getting gigs, attracting
women. All sorts that I have already solved and tell it in a creative way…

As you can see it was more about a legacy for the future.
I wanted to know, how I can combine all the creativity skills to become a
formidable brand within the home business. Bringing the real stuﬀ rather than
hype, get rich etc cetre.
Combining music, art, storytelling and all of it will sell my own products.

As I began working on my plan, other people heard of my work and wanted help
too. They wanted practical help to bring the diamonds inside themselves in way
that helps them to generate income.
Many just didn’t have the deeper understanding of sales, marketing and how to
connect it all together for their own work.
Some needed direction, clarity and the know how.

Others with degrees in diﬀerent professions wanted to use the Internet to attract
jobs instead of just Uploading their CV’s but didn’t know where to start. It seemed
complex and so I helped them from the ground up…
Here’s an example of my clients videos story:

So I had to learn how to market in diﬀerent platforms, oﬄine and online. How to
increase sales and that’s why I became passionate about sales and marketing.
Especially with the digital world later on.
It lead me to become a strategic thinker and looking at the bigger picture. That
my legacy isn’t about me but about helping other people to ﬁnd their purpose,
their direction, their purpose and show them how.
Whether it is overcoming that it is too late for them
Helping them to get back on track
Whether it is to ﬁnd their own passion
Whether it is building their own business
To creating their own products, digital or physical
How to attract interest
To even dating
The knowledge of business, marketing, sales, phsychology, laws of success
helped me to know how to do all these because I later achieved them in my life.
I had to learn many other concepts and skills.
I became passionate about life, history too in regards to sexuality…invention of
modesty…the impact it had and how it came to be to socially condition society.
I became passion about learning diﬀerent cultures, how things work in the world
we live in, how they worked before, about people….personality traites, why things
are the way they are.
I wanted concrete answers to why people say, do, avoid, buy, sell, and even put
themselves in a position where their own freedom and happiness are pushed
aside for acceptance, approval, validation etc cetre…

In doing so, I began to slowly and painfully invest a lot of time in documenting
the process in a creative way; using all my creative skills to show the problem and
and to reveal the answer in a practical rationalise structual way.
Part of the vision was to leave a legacy or a trail of knowledge for others who come
after me. Like cousins, nieces, nephews and anyone else who are not part of the
family too that wanted to seriously learn.

Doing so without me pushing them and like me, had to have the same desire,
passion and obessession to know the answers.
So my pursuit was and still is lead by the curiousity of how things work and as I
apply, as learn…make mistakes….fail…succeed…..others can see how it was done
too but in a creative way.
I wanted to do it in narrative way rather than just content and one day all will be
on a website to other digital platform. To also transform the knowledge into
digital games that’s exciting and fun to use - and - being able to use phone, ipads
etc. So all story becomes about other people than myself.
About their questions, goals, what they want to achieve, their dreams, challenges
and success. I travelled the world because of this journey to meet many people
who wanted to learn what I was learning.

The journey lead me to coach professionals, graduates, businesses, artists who all
wanted to attract results i.e. clients, sales or opportunities. They had similar
values and wondered about their legacy too.
I found I could adapt to any industry and be able to use the knowledge and skills
to direct people to the destination or road to go on. It also included connecting
them to the networks of experts I’ve built over the years.

People came to me because they knew I had the patience, the drive, passion,
obessession to break things down, ﬁnd out what works and what didn’t work, and
show it in a structural, practical and creative way.
They knew I will be detailed and they knew, they had to be people who love
knowledge and not complain like most do about length. They either want to
learn, appreciate the knowledge or leave it alone.
They knew, I wasn’t the type who quits but will always be on this path. I had the
staying emotional strength. I wasn’t doing it for acceptance. I was doing it
because this is my calling. Whether people accepted or not.

That’s something I feel most don’t have. They lose focus easily, lack direction,
focus and jumping from one idea to the next.
I could stay on something for years and right through completion. Some projects
needed that and people saw that as strength. I didn’t think I was 20 years old, or
30 or 40 years old and I lost so much time.
I lived in the moment and believed no one knows how long we live. I could have
another 50 years or one year. It doesn’t matter.
This is something powerful you can trust on and rely on in a world of shiny
objects and dead link websites and people jumping diﬀerent bandwagons. People
regretting the past and fearing the future to lose the present.
Then I’d come back to them to explain and even do the work with people to show
how it’s done with an understanding to document the process. With an
understanding to be humble to learn, listen and go for it.

Word spread for people across England and other countries. They had their ideas
and wanted me to be part of what they’re doing. They also had many questions I
already answered so I can help share the answers.

I travelled a lot.
City to city and country to country as I worked with talented people. My
knowledge and skills grew even more and my self awareness too.

It was obvious that my journey would lead me to the digital world.
The world was moving this way but doesn’t mean you neglect the oﬄine world.
Rather keep it all balanced.
Most people just go and build websites and their oﬄine world is weak. Their
knowledge and experience is just not there.
Their self awareness is wanting.
I have lived in the real world so I had the edge.
I brought all the experiences I had with me and the strong attitude to not give a
shit about social norms, customs, traditions in a way that it doesn’t stop me doing
what I do. I’m very vocal about this as you’ll see in many of my answers.
I focused in building things from scratch to test what works.
Then pull them down and build them back up, testing, measuring and seeing
what works. Never listening to what world says work, or experts, or coaches, or
mum, dad, friends etc.
That doesn’t mean I know better but I couldn’t aﬀord to do what most do.
Thinking that someone with a degree, or status, or fame knows the answer. I had
to ﬁgure it out myself or I let down many people who ask me questions.
I can’t give answers because I heard someone say that’s how it works.
I had to do the work, make the mistakes, fail, apply diﬀerent ways and see the
results before my very own eyes.
I knew the truth is in doing, measuring and testing because everyone has their
own reality and that is their perception. I had to detach from the perception most
have about life, people and success.
I wasn’t chasing the quick ﬁx but focused on building a more stable business
model that works with lifestyle and goals.
Same goes with getting jobs.
Many of my friends went and studied, got degrees but when it came to getting a
job in companies they also liked, it didn’t happen. When it came to the REAL
WORLD their knowledge to make things happen didn’t help them.
They believed in same value “do it all from scratch. From the ground up..”
So again, I saw this as something I’d be interested in because I could use my
design, sales and marketing skills to see how it can be done. Also this is how I do
things…from scratch, ground up.
I already developed a team of amazing web developers who would build what I
have designed, we’d test, see what works and tweak for maximum results.
It meant I had to learn other skills like online marketing which wasn’t diﬃcult
because when you learn the foundation of human psychology, sales, marketing,
advertising, copywriting…..you see it’s the same.
It’s just on a diﬀerent platform and I always build from scratch.
This is another client I worked with.

I helped develop his business from the ground up. His business has launched and
we became a great friend in process too….
Below is a real live example of his website blog.
You see the beginning stages of the design to the ﬁnished but before that there
was marketing. There was identifying what he wants to achieve and the market
niche. You won’t see me asking questions like “how to make money online.”
I know by measuring and testing…

As you can see, I love learning, I love working with people, I like people, I
have many expertise skills and focused in one day putting all I’ve learnt into
an engaging creative digital artistic material in the future.
I am very ﬂexible and can adapt to any type of business, organisation and social
world because everything is really about people.
It’s about attracting the right people, motivating, inﬂuencing engagement i.e.
reach and reputation. I don’t take short cuts and I know, the average person isn’t
going to do much of what I do to achieve what I want.
I didn’t go online asking questions.
I made sure to ﬁrst make sure I did enough to know the answer from my own
actions on what works and what doesn’t work.
I do believe in learning from mentors but you got to show you have done
something, fought for knowledge, tried to ﬁgure it out than saying you did
everthing when you didn’t.
Now how does this ﬁt with knowledge and skills in dating?
The foundation of the knowledge for dating didn’t come from pick up artists or
books on dating. I didn’t have such knowledge back then and nor did I know it
existed. I didn’t even know the word “pick up artist.”
It all came from the following…
1. Human psychology, including customer behaviour, men and women.
2. Marketing, branding, strategy.
3. Copywriting
4. Advertising
5. Sales
6. Laws and principles of success.
7. Lots of self development books

8. Lots of sales and marketing training
If you look at any dating book with diﬀerent phases you’ll see the same
knowledge is within psychology, language of inﬂuence, marketing, sales,
copywriting, self development, developing online sales process, systems,
branding, strategy and on and on it gos.
For example, the ﬁrst thing I ever learnt in sales is…
Invest less.
Identify targeted ideal prospective customers
Identify their desires, fears, hopes, needs and wants
Knowing how to harness it all into a targeted message
Segment diﬀerent buyers
Screen out and ﬁlter
Conversion = sales
This meant I can move faster and generate more sales. I don’t have this belief that
everyone is a buyer, a customer.
I don’t look at what prospects say but rather behaviour.
Notice this is the same as not looking for signals, messages but results.
I look at data where people take action i.e. subscribe, buy products, enquire etc. I
don’t look for ambigious signs.
I look at how to use this data to increase increase sales while providing richer
experience for clients. I don’t listen to what mainstream media says.
I don’t listen to what society says. I look at results and I’m going to know what
works and what doesn’t by doing the work myself.
That’s same with dating.
I don’t ask what it means when a woman ﬂirts, when she doesn’t call, she doesn’t
text. They are irrelevant to me. They do not take action so they are not important
to me. I look at women who show intent.
See how it’s not really any diﬀerent.
I approach women with a strong abundant mindset that no woman is “the one.” I
approach many, qualify, screen out, ﬁlter, invest less and this allows me to focus
on women who are willing to invest time to date.
Anything else, I don’t give a shit about.
I don’t care what it means, why, what but her intent. The action. The result right
now. I cut my time down with woman I feel are not qualiﬁed i.e. they are
unwilling to invest, too slow, play hard to get etc.
I don’t care about “oh but you could lose a great woman.”
Dating isn’t like Disney.
It doesn’t happen like the Hollywood/Bollywood movies. Don’t get me started
with ﬁrst love and soul mate stuﬀ promoted from decades of social conditioning.
I increased my standards and boundaries.
That doesn’t mean women I meet don’t have their standards and boundaries. It
just means I know what mine are and I am approaching this way.

Companies have their own policies.
They don’t go oﬀ changing because other companies run their business in a
certain way. That’s same here with dating.
I run my business my way and it’s not going to be accepted by some women.
That’s ﬁne but it hasn’t stopped me attracting women who understand,
appreciate why I approach this way and they are ﬁne about it.
You will probably see words in dating books like:
1. Qualiﬁcation process
2. Invest less
3. Have standards
4. Have boundaries
In sales and marketing it’s the same
1. Identify your customers
2. Qualify their interest
3. Filter, screen out.
4. Values of your business and policies
When you know the fundamentals you can see how nothing is new.
It’s just majority of people want it now, quick rather than being patient to stop,
observe, breathe and see the patterns are the same.
I would get a lot of people saying what I am saying sounds similar to diﬀerent
pick up artists or authors regarding dating.
That’s going to happen because the source of knowledge is the same and nothing
really is new when you understand about re-branding your knowledge towards a
targeted niche.
You will realise much of it is just re-packaging, with new names, new brand style,
new concepts to make it look new.
It’s marketing.
It’s just changing the language towards a particular audience.
The better I got in understanding about emotions, psychology, and doing the
work…the better my social instinct and conversation skills became.
With dating, I began to systematically outline a process, phases, structures for
each step such as the approach, the conversation, the seduction phase.
Then I went out, applied and as I did I reﬁned, tweaked, threw out what didn’t
work, enhanced what did work. This took me some years.
I hit the streets hard, the night clubs, cafes, supermauls, wherever and at ﬁrst it
wasn’t easy but as time went by, I was able to put the same process of sales…
marketing…and all I have learnt into dating.
I didn’t fear rejection as I have approach many people when it came to sales. I
already overcome that part of social anxiety, social peer pressure, much of the
myths and fallacies.
I have…lived and took many risks in life.
I went through tons of rejections but I was way past the frustrations. I approached
in a fun way and I always approach dating in fun, engaging way. I don’t see dating

as “approaching women” but engaging women.
I trusted the process.
What do I mean by trusting the process?
When I started years ago in sales, business, entrepreneurship…there were many
social norms, customs, fallacies, myths and as time went by I overcome them.
You have to be very careful when it comes to society.
People tell you their opinions and much of it is based on fears, their perception,
failures and more. Some give you opinion and they never even tried what you are
doing and tell you to not do it because “women don’t like to be approached.”
I don’t know how many times I heard this from women and men regarding how to
not approach women who are walking, ahead of you and yet…most women I have
dated happened this way.
The same myths, fallacies, misconception I found in sales, marketing, internet
marketing…I found similar when it came to dating.
The second thing - I got tons of rejections in sales before I succeeded.
So I was ready for it to happen with dating, and it didn’t bother me that much. I
knew it was just part of the process and need to tighten up somethings. I wasn’t
counting how many rejections I had but rather what I am learning.
It was only years later that I heard of pick up artist and the many books. By that
time I have begun using the internet a lot as well as social media to share what I
have learnt.
I saw the knowledge that is in dating books…. closely tied to the process of
human phsycology, principles of laws of success, sales, advertising and
marketing.
That is why, many leave some comment that I sound like a dating expert they
know, some ask if I learnt from a so, so book but the answer is no.
The source of knowledge came from sales, marketing, psychology.
So it was down to curiousity to get better at areas in my life and that also meant
relationships, approaching….dating women etc.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

A girl kept saying she loved me, but now she's not sure. What's
going on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A woman like to be desired. It takes a lot for a woman to say to a guy how she feels
for him. Same with guys too.
So this girl has said she desired you but you didn’t recipocrate fast enough.
You was…too…slow.
The attraction is not enough because it needs a guy to build onthe attraction that
exists, lead by being proactive instead of being passive. He leads for both to invest
in each other, and it grows to comfort stage etc cetre.
That didn’t happen.
The investment is very low so there is nothing for her to now hold onto. If there
isn’t emotional investment which comes from you leading rather than being
passive, then logic kicks in.

She showed she desired you and you didn’t make your move fast enough. She
realised you’re too much work because she said it to you, gave it all, right there
and you didn’t do anything.
It didn’t make her feel good.
The key word is….feelings.
No one wants to feel low and attraction is about high feeling, arousal, chemicals
kicking in. These chemicals ﬁre up but not for long. This is why it’s not really love
but infatuation but it can grow to love if both work together, investing in each
other and moving on to other phases.
However, the chemicals now are fading, the feeling positive about a decision isn’t
there. Chemicals don’t last that long when it comes to the beginning stages i.e.
attraction except if the guy leads, builds rapport, moves, takes actions rather than
being slow.
If he doesn’t then chemicals die down.
And when that happens, logic kicks in. She starts to imagine other things that can
go wrong which makes her feel worse.
Attraction…fades away.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I convince my bestfriend to leave his girlfriend, who is
obviously not into him anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a rule in relationship. Many break this rule. It’s easy to see why it’s so
easy to break because people think good intentions is the only thing that matters.
But they don’t foresee the future implications.
The rule is to never interfere in someone else’s relationships. That includes if
someone is cheating on someone else. Yes, good intentions and all but the future
implications is something most rarely see.
One is people don’t like taking responsibility for their own actions and blame it
on someone i.e. you.
The rule is or what I call my own boundaries is…
To not advise on relationships for friends but to listen, and ask them
what they would do, and when they answer, say, “well, looks like you
know what you’re doing. I’m here for you if you need to talk.”
To not meddle in other people’s aﬀairs, whether one is cheating or not,
because people can come back together and see you as a trouble maker,
someone who meddles in other people’s aﬀairs. One can easily believe
their partner more than you and you’re out of the friendship for good.
To not interfere if a friend has a girlfriend or boyfriend who doesn’t treat
them right. Rather distance yourself and don’t speak ill of someone else’s
girlfriend/boyfriend. Focus your relationship on building meaningful
friendship with this friend. When time comes in which the break up does
happen or needs to talk, just listen. Never advise.
I am not saying these are easy to do but I found them to be the reason why I don’t
get sucked into the drama of people’s lives.
If I don’t like someone, no matter if my friends dating them, I won’t be there
anyway. They will know that I am uncomfortable with the association.

I won’t say anything else.
Leave the guy to sort his own problems. If he is stubborn, cannot see, infatuated
with her, nothing you can do.
Let him learn his own way.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ail Shino

Is it normal for a girl your interested in to suddently act weird
and ignore you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes and No.
No, in that she might be interested in you but nervous to say. She fears she might
be wrong and behaves this way.
You never know until you’re honest with your intent, don’t wait, don’t look for
signals because that is where you’re frustrations is coming from.
Or it can be a YES.
The same way it happened to me but I was the guy who slowly withdrew.
A woman got to know me and got my number, and we later talked.I was attracted
to her but there are far too many frictions, cultural diﬀerences, her thinking
which will not make our relationship work because she will always try to change
who I am.
Compatibility is really about willing to make it work together for each other’s
happiness and I am unwilling for many reasons.
Also one of the reason is, I felt it in the conversation she want to change the man I
am because I found she was religious….. so I backed oﬀ. I withdrew my attention
from her.
I lessened phone calls to now zero and do not meet her.
I even said we’re just friends to which she thought we weren’t but I made sure to
emphasis this again.
My advise is to show true intent from the beginning, ﬂirt, converse, and ask her
out. This will solve a lot of your frustrations and push them out of the way. The
key then is being emotionally strong for rejections, when it happens.
If she says no, well, you now know why for real she is behaving this way. If you
don’t be honest and I don’t mean confessing love but be honest in way I said, (be
light hearted, fun, not serious then ask her out) then you’re behaving passive and
timid.
This leads you with far too much investment in thinking, emotions, looking for
signals. You become subservient than proactive.
Even asking questions here…when…you can be honest in your approach with
girls to ﬁnd out yes or no, is an investment.
You and I cannot read anyone’s minds.
She might say YES but she felt same way and was just nervous.
Or she might say No, and you found out you was looking into it too much. That
there wasn’t anything there but platonic.
If so, don’t chase, don’t try to ﬁx, chase because this only puts your happiness and
freedom aside for fear of losing a girl.

You can approach other girls.
So communicate with her and ﬁnd out.
Be proactive.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I address my girlfriend’s threat to no longer date me if I
keep playing video games?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She being controlling and this is a BIG red ﬂag for you right now. She knew from
day one you’re into games and didn’t bring this up in beginning of your
relationship because like most women, want to try and change you.
She knew you like playing these games. That you enjoy doing so from day one.
1. She gives you ultimatiums. Thinking that you’re going to be timid,
passive, and be psychologically seduced with fear in regards that if you
don’t stop you will lose her.
2. If you become passive, timid on what you enjoy then she can do this with
other things too in your life in near future.
3. She wants to control you and you’re ﬁnding that you are not compatible
with her. Compatible doesn’t mean interests, education, fact detail stuﬀ
in common with each other. It means two people willing to work
together towards each other’s happiness without telling the other person
to quit something they enjoy and giving the, ultimutiums.
4. She’s behaving manipulative and immature. You don’t give ultimatiums.
Instead you discuss, talk and communicate. She is giving threats. Making
you feel guilty and will try another manipulative way in saying if she
walks away it’s you’re fault.
You have now been warned by life before marrying her.
You cannot complain later on if you keep dating her and it leads to marriage.
Don’t fall for the same mindset that you can change her later on.
There is no use trying to do that. It will backﬁre and you’d have lost so much time
and could have been with someone who gets you.
What To Do?
Say to her calmly you’re not quitting the games.
If she walks and blames you for it, don’t let her. Let her know this is you
from day one and she knew that. That everyone mature takes
responsibility for their own decisions and choices and you’re taking
yours. If she walks that’s her decision and she lives with it not you.
Then date a girl and set boundaries early on. Let them know that this is
who you are and it cannot be changed.
I ﬁnd the last step is one of the most eﬀective steps when it comes to long-term
relationships.
I’m talking from experience here.
I come from a strict religious and cultural background. I attract many women
who are religious and cultural, as they come from my community.
They behave all sweet but then I see the red ﬂags early on.

They start using verses from the belief they learnt, from culture I come from and
they are so desperate to try and change me to the man they want. In my culture I
do the opposite. I date girls, I sleep with them, I have sex, and this is against the
religion and culture they follow.
BUT….most guys know this but are are passive, timid, too nice and I’m more of a
Masculine guy, got my own way, very diﬀerent in what I do with my life, looks
exciting though it takes a lot of work i.e. writing, an author, music, travel around
the world and so forth.
They expect I will feel guilty but I don’t.
Instead I set boundaries early one and I have a strong frame. I don’t mean
shouting and aggressive. I mean they know you can do what they do to passive
aggressive guys. Some women I walk away from immediately and stop talking to
them on phone, text, whatsapp, and I don’t meet them face to face.
I move on as I know it cannot happen between me and them. There’s far too
much friction.
You have what is known as friction and some friction are too big to push away.
That is not your friction but theirs.
It’s why I don’t date Arab and Muslim girls, even though I come from the same
community because I know what’s going to happen. Yes, the women are beautiful
but they come from religion, culture and way of life that is very diﬀerent to my
own. Far too much friction already for me to even talk to them.
Many, not all, but many people want to ﬁx, change someone to ﬁt their
perception. They don’t do it immediately sometimes but sometimes they try to
do so in beginning but the guy is passive and got girl on pedestal.
You got a woman who wants to ﬁx you, change you and when she’s done, she’ll
walk away after you did all that change.
Let her go and be with someone who isn’t controlling.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I'm close with kissed her ex right in front of me. How
should I handle this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing to handle because she is not your girlfriend. She’s not your partner is she
as you made this clear right here…
“I just needed to vent, I needed help because I'm confused and upset on the
situation, we are very close friends, but we get more sexually close when we go
out, like when we are dancing and she basically grinds on me. We've kissed
eachother on the cheek.…”
Just because you get close sexually, dance, grind close does not mean she is
exclusive with you and you with her.
So she can do whatever until both of you come to a mutual agreement which from
what I see, hasn’t happened.
Have a chat with her and sort that part out.
986 Views · View Upvoters

I am an Arab and I want to learn English. Where do I start?
Adam Taha, An Arab who loves writing and speaking in English
Answered Jun 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’m Arab, and I came to England not knowing a word of English. Here’s how I
learnt English…
1. I found some friends. They were amused by how I smiled a lot.
2. And hanged around them and got learning by communicating. It was
diﬃcult at ﬁrst but the more I hanged around English speaking people,
the faster I learnt.
3. I obessesed myself with the language. Listening to tapes in those days, a
walkman, walking around listening to English and yes, I must have
turned some heads because I’d repeat some words. Like I was talking to
myself. Imagine me talking to some invisible person who is walking with
me. You would see me and run as fast and as far as you can lol.
4. I joined football and everyone spoke English. It forced me to
communicate in English.
It’s ok to have this dream to learn a new language but you need to really commit,
be obessessed about it, lots of hours, go out and live and communicate with
english speaking people as much as possible.
The more I socialised, the more I learnt how to communicate as well as social
customs in England. I made a lot of friends this way.
It’s ok to sit down learning words and writing but if you want to communicate…
you need to get out there. You need to put yourself in situations where you use it.
You’d also have an advantage.
You’re social instinct will be very high. You’ve overcome what most have yet to
overcome which is approach new people, women and men, overcome social
anxiety and developed strong social interaction skill.
By the time I became ﬂuent in English, I became skilfull in approaching people,
including women, converse easily and it is why dating has become more eﬀective
for me as I don’t need scripts, routines and I don’t think far too much on what to
do or say. It comes natural to me.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I asked this girl out and she said she'd think about it. Can I
safely assume that I got rejected?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What’s your standards?
What’s your boundaries?
Mine, I’d walk away if a girl is not willing to invest time to date, to get to know me.
That’s really how you determine if you like to know someone more, for
relationship wise, and so forth.
So the time is in the dating. So if someone really wanted to know someone and is
interested, they’d say yes.
Most will tell you as, “but what if she wants more time.” She can have all the time
she wants through dating the guy. That’s what’s dating is for.
But if she is unwilling to say YES for that, well, she’s not really interested. So
personally I’d move on. I
Nothing wrong with that and nor do I fear loss.
Abundance mindset.

If there is no clear intent of YES I move on.
I see no intent of YES but no.
You want to be with someone and invest time in someone who wants to be with
you. Who wants to ﬁnd out more about you and this happens through dating.
You’re mindset is to not win a girl over.
It is not to supplicate her or for approval. You know your self worth. You’re asking
her to be honest to tell you if she is willing to invest time to date you and get to
know more abouot you.
For her to take time out to get to know you i.e..through dating.
If she doesn’t give you a straight answer, then you do not invest anymore. You got
standards. Always invest less.
Yes, some girls will bitch about this. Some will say “ooh he wants sex you see,
that’s why he won’t wait.”
That’s their own insecurities and projecting past stuﬀ onto this.
You asked, she said she’d think about it.
Not good enough. I won’t try to ﬁgure out what it means. If a girl cannot give a
straight answer YES, move on.
It’s known, it’s cultural, it’s the social norm that if you want to get to know
someone in regards to attraction, in regards to relationship…you date, you take
time to invest to ﬁnd out more about the person
She can think about it as long as she wants.
I’ll have already moved on in approaching other girls who can say YES to dating,
to get to know me, to ﬁnd out more about me.
Either it is a FUCK YES or FUCK NO. If I hear anything else, and it isn’t a YES, I
am moving on fast, approaching other girls.
So move on.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever felt your creativity is being ceased because you're
in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jun 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Relationship doesn’t determine my creativity and nor does it increase it. What
determines it is my purpose in life, my dream, goals and aspirations I have had
before dating women.
I’m a creative person not because of being in a relationship and by that, I mean, I
won’t let it happen. I have boundaries.
I will instantly do something about it.
I’m creative because that is who I am, it is the skill I have developed and it does
not rely on people but rather in the ﬁre inside me, burning ever so brightly. It
needs a positive environment and so this is most important for my work. It’s why
I stay away fromd drama queens.
Yes, I do get inspired by other people’s ideas and meeting people, but this is about
being in a relationship, and so…my creativity won’t stop because of a relationship
I am in. I have boundaries.

I won’t let that happen.
I’m an artist dedicated to my art form and knowledge area.
I don’t compromise my art, writing books I am releasing soon, my music, and
other creative works. If a relationship is toxic, I won’t compromise my work. The
relationship will be ﬁnished, I’ll move on.
793 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend says she loves me but she does not want to be
heart broken so she ignores me? Does that make any sense?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it makes sense that people who are scared like to rationalise that the reason
is they so don’t want to break someone else’s heart….BUT really, it is they who are
scared having their heart broken.
People love to act like some hero.
It’s bullshit mate.
It’s a cop out.
When you hear that, they are not saying the truth because they either want to let
someone down easy instead of saying, “I want to move on. I’m not interested
anymore..”
That they are not that attracted to the person.
Or there is someone else or they feel “the grass is greener.”
Or they are scared, insecure etc etc.
Really, they want to avoid awkwardiness, conﬂict, by saying, “I’m not into you
anymore, the way I was.”
Or “I met someone else.”
Or “I’m are scared of loving someone else etc.”
So let’s pretend I’m a hero and say, “It’s because I love you so much, and don’t
want you’re heart broken.”
Meh.
People love to blame someone else for their own fears or make it out it has to do
with “I love you too much.”
They’ve shown their intent.
What you take from this is this truth….
You know, to not invest anymore in her and move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do real-life drama queens act like?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have written in greater detail about drama queens:
Adam Taha's answer to What is it like to be in a relationship with a drama queen?
What are drama queens?
Brieﬂy, you know a drama queen when….

1. Narcissts. Seeks admiration, adoration, approval, applause, or, as a
minimum:attention. If none of these then it is to be…feared or hated.
2. They create their own imaginary space and this space whether at work,
or even here on social media, or wherever to be their comfort zone. Then
use it to pull in energy responses oﬀ people around them within this
space. Using drama.
3. They KNOW they cannot succeed in the real thing of loving others and
for others to love them i.e. relationships. They know this and they live in
the fantasy space.
4. They try to ﬁnd pleasure from being depressed. Unable to love and have
many personalities. The result is they are never truly loved. Probably has
tons of guys or girls around them but won’t be dating and cannot keep a
relationship going for long. Even this, they think it’s glorious and has
some profound meaning when it doesn’t.
5. The drama queens are always in pursuit of excitement and drama, to
elevate their own boredom.
6. The pursuit, this so called GRAND exploration of creating drama is all
about themselves and nothing else but themselves. In other words,
everything is all aboutt…entitlement.
They don’t think but BELIEVE 100% that they are entitled to your
attention cause they think they are so important when the importance is
not deserved at all. They don’t do shit for it but create drama. They
believe they are the CHOSEN ONE lol…..so amazing, unique, special but
really they are boring shits for the pattern is always same, with same
angle, same typical drama…over and over again.
7. They don’t think that what they are doing (the drama) is humilating,
trying to belittle others, uncommon, stupid, dumb, pathetic, ridicolous,
immature, childish..AND..they try to make you believe it is common
thing to do. That it’s not them but you because they think they are
special but really they are as ordinary.
8. They think anything they say to you is NEW, Unique, spectacular, never
done before, amazing, just..(yawn), amazing. The drama they create to
try to show this all about giving themselves a good feeling. That’s what
their dramatisation is about. The drama inside their head is seen as
meaninful to them. Got to be memorable, got to be special, got to be
unique, got to have this grand opening or closing ;)
9. Pathological liars and though they think they deceived others; they have
only deceieved themselves. End of the day, they are back to square one,
alone and no one to love them when it comes to sexual attraction
relationships.
10. They will say “Oooh you’re so too good for me.” Thats the cue for you to
know they will be attention seeking as much as possible to prove you are.
I walk away after any woman who says that. Can’t be assed with women
who just don’t believe in themselves.
11. They try to make something tiny a big problem to get attention
12. They create noise and blame it on you for attention.
13. They’ll create noise and then blame it on you. Then say it was a joke. Just
another way to get attention.
14. Trying to seek admiration in the wrong way.
15. They think their drama isn’t drama when it is.

16. They’ll write 3 pages explaining when you had enough of their bullshit
but nothing in there is an apology. I had a few women did that and they
attached the document on Facebook private message.
I didn’t bother reading them. Can’t be assed. I said “ok bye.” Then
blocked them.
17. They only cares about themselves. Always got to be important in your
life. So if you don’t text for a while, they use that to create more drama.
They don’t realise they are not the centre of the world in your life. That
they have yet done anything to build a nurturing relationship and
haven’t shown consistency.
18. Every discussion has to lead to some dramatic collosul problem.
19. Someone close to you has died…..AND they won’t show any empathy
and make it all about themselves.
20. You can block them on mostly all social media and devises, and they will
pop up on some you have forgotten to block. They’d appear and say Na
Na Na, you haven’t blocked me here.”
They are doing meme a favour, to completely block them. Reminding me
I was right to walk awa from them.
They just can’t help themselves to seek attention so yes, starve them.
Block them. They just want attention and suck you into their drama.
Childish and immature.
They will then complain why people don’t want to date them.
They’re self defeating and self destructive ways only pushes people away. People
become tired of it and see it repulsive.
They use people for their own ego until it all dries up and like a damn….the
cracks begin to show and reality at an older age, hits them hard. This creates
more fury, more bitterness, more sadness to increase the drama.
I don’t give them attention.
I block them and if I miss one, no worries. They are drama queens.
Again more on drama queen on links below…
Adam Taha's answer to What is it like to be in a relationship with a drama queen?
What are drama queens?
2k Views · View Upvoters

Could you date someone you are not physically attracted to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Because the ﬁrst thing my mind sees is what is attractive visually. I don’t see a
woman ahead of me and have some amazing devise aliens gave me. Or I have this
extraordinary gift where I know someone’s personality from a far.
Also I’m not on this planet to prove love conquers all, that marriage works or
ﬁghting against beauty industry, and philosophy that beauty fades.
I see visual ﬁrst and no one can say anything wrong with that to me, that’s what I
desire…..but then if I approach and I ﬁnd she has shit personality, being

awkward, up her ass about “all men wants sex” and “Why would a guy like you be
into me,” drama…drama…drama… meh….I’m moving on.
I move on until I meet someone I am attracted to who also…has personality,
believes in herself, doesn’t need drama and I feel she has other values I am into. If
I see we can get along then great.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend of ﬁve years has cheated on me more than six
times. Should I marry her? If not, how do I get over her? What's
confusing to me is that she cries her eyes out any time I catch
her cheating, but she keeps repeating the act.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jun 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re not confused mate.
It’s you thinking…
“Oh I know she’s cheating but the thing is, I don’t want to lose her.”
You got what we call ONE-ITIS.
Onetis is where a guy forsakes his happiness, his freedom, through actions and
behaviours, where he pursues this ONE woman. He puts her ﬁrst before his own
happiness, his own peace of mind because….“I don’t want to lose her.”
You know 100% whats going on so let’s not bullshit each other. You don’t bullshit
me and I won’t bullshit you with more crap to make you feel good, and where you
ﬁnd some secret wisdom.
There is no confusion here or secret.
She has a mechanism inside her, that psychological and biologically seduce a
man who thinks with his dick. Therefore, she has done this with you because she
knows it works with you.
You have proven to her time and time again that…
1. You’re a guy who thinks with your dick
2. That you are of low value to her
3. Because no man of value will ask “why” after she cheats 6 times.
4. Nor will he be here writing how it’s confusing when she cheated 6 times.
5. And so, everytime you stayed when she cheated, testing your frame, you
failed…again…and again to walk away.
She knows this.
She will continue to do so because she knows you put her pussy, her ass, her tits,
her curves, HIGHER than your own integrity.
Nothing confusing about it.
She cries because she knows you’re the type of guy who falls for this kind of
bullshit. You’re needy, desperate, passive, timid and thinks you cannot get
another woman if she walked away….or it be hard to do so.
As for “shall I marry her?”
Seriously? You’re asking this question.
YES of course you marry her, because you like marrying women who cheat, who
don’t give a shit about you, who will lie, deceive you because you feel you cannot

do better. Go ahead, marry her.
You like dating women who cheat because let’s face it….
People don’t attract what they want. They attract who they are.
So yes, marry her so you can have an excuse being a victim all your life, and
talking how life is shit, and how women do this and that to you, and how love is
bad, and how world is bad, and why oh why it is all happening to you.
As if there isn’t enough drama in life, we got to make room for more.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

I told this girl I like her, and gave her a gift. She said, "Thank
you." What does this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jul 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are far too many guys on here approaching girls in a manner for “what does
it mean.” Approaching for validation, acceptance and supplicating to the girls
when you need to approach with a stronger mindset.
Forget what it means and look at your approach and thinking.
When you like a girl, do not go and buy gifts. You need to invest less and you do
that by being honest with the girl in not buying gifts because right now, you’re
following some custom, tradition, based on fallacies.
Myths, promoted by Hollywood, Bollywood movie and romance novels.
When you do this kind of behaviour it creates awkwardness. Don’t ever buy gifts
for any girl. I never buy anything because when you do, you trigger the
unconscious mind of a human being to think..
“Ooh he is buying my aﬀection.
“Oooh, he wants something back now.”
In doing things like that it makes it too serious, it creates discomfort,
awkwardiness and also puts someone in a position where they will wonder if you
are genuine or not.
I mean you gave a gift and THEN said you like her.
You need to not do that for another reason…
You’re showing a certain type of aﬀection far too early. You need to hold your
emotions back like a man, and then approach her to not win her over. You’re
approaching to be accepted.
You’re approaching to ﬁnd out whether she is willing to invest in you. You also
make sure she shows interest in you. This is called qualifying. A woman must
above all else, show she is interested in you before you invest anymore.
Gifts and all that must wait later on, when you have had a history with her, have
dated, have grown with initimacy and then, lets say months later…you give a gift
and it now means something. It’s taken seriously.
It has impact. The girl knows you well, you’ve been dating each other, been
intimate with each other rather than buying gifts to buy her aﬀection because
that is what it will look like. It creates awkwardness.
So what you said you like her.
It’s not a good strategy. What do you want her to say than, “thank you?”

That’s all she can say.
So next time, forget the gift, approach to converse, ﬂirt, stop making it serious
because gifts and saying what you said make it too serious. You need to be fun,
light hearted, and then ask her out..without…any gifts.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

An introverted girl rejected my proposal, but she says we can
just be friends. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re very needy. You don’t approach girls to win them over and for acceptance.
You always invest less.
You approach a girl to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest.
You found out she isn’t and you kept approaching her. That is needy. Desperate
and very unattractive behaviour.
Take what she said at face value that she is not interested in you in a romantic
attraction sense and only wants friendship. You have also made it very clear to
her why she is RIGHT to reject you.
Because if you cannot even respect her decision of choosing a man she desires
and keep pestering her then you sure won’t respect her decisions in other things
in life, be very needy, desperate and a drama.
Respect her decision and move on.
If you want to be friends no problem but don’t if you think of doing so to get into
her pants, hoping she will change her mind. This isn’t Hollywood, Bollywood and
romance novels where a No means a Yes, and a man who persist is tough and
brave. In the real world he is needy, desperate and can’t move on.
Always invest less and you do that by the steps I’ve mentioned above.
Learn to manage yourself and your emotions.
There is no such thing as “the one” and “soul mate.” There are plenty of women
out there on the planet and the quicker you move on, the quicker you get to a
woman who will be willing to invest and say yes.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

I love a guy, but he doesn't love me in return. We have sex but
still he says we are friends. Should I leave him, which is diﬃcult
for me, or what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 29, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He doesn’t reply to “I love you” because he doesn’t want to lead you on thinking
he loves you because he doesn’t love you in that way.
I am not trying to be mean with you but you need to appreciate what you’re in.
It’s not going to change and he has said so.
This is a friends with beneﬁts.
What we know as Fuck Buddy.
There’s nothing wrong with having sex with a friend. It’s enjoyable, great feeling
but if you want love well, understand loving someone else who doesn’t feel same
way isn’t going to change anything.

Love doesn’t conquer all.
It does in Hollywood/Bollywood movies and romance novels. This however, is
real life and in real life love isn’t enough to do that. It needs the other person to
feel the same way too which is evident that’s not the case.
I would stop the sex and just be friends. For him he sees it as fun having sex with
his friend and nothing else. For you, it’s much more, and you’re only going to ﬁnd
yourself in greater turmoil if you continue because you’re seeing this as much
more than sex.
He stated the boundaries with you, he said he doesn’t love you in return.
Therefore, he is not the boyfriend type of material you desire.
So he said the truth to you.
He hasn’t lied. He has been honest.
You need to decide what you want and looks like you want love, the intimacy that
comes with it but he’s not going to give you that type of relationship. He sees you
as a fuck buddy.
A friend he’s comfortable with and to have sex with.
Anything else like him falling in love with you will not happen. It probably won’t
ever happen with you and him.
The more you try to push, the more you keep trying to change the dynamics of
the relationship, the more you’re going to get needy, desperate and hurt yourself.
He will get irritated, he will get fed up with it and probably just move on.
If you want love, ﬁnd someone else who wants what you want.
Invest your time, emotions on someone who will give you what you desire
because both of you want it so.
It’s not going to happen with this guy.
So just leave him.
You’re only going to emotionally invest more and be in a worse emotional state of
pain, hurt and stress.
63.9k Views · View Upvoters

This girl I've been dating has me confused on whether she is
still interested in me. My heart says to stay, my mind says to
leave. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no confusion here at all.
She said to you…
1. She’s taking a trip with her ex. That’s a red ﬂag no matter what anyone
like to bullshit on this. The context is clear.
2. If that’s not enough…they are almost deﬁnitely getting back together.
Forget almost. Mate they are talking to each other, chatting each other,
texting, the works. It happening.
3. And when they do they’ll be banging each other and probably already
are for all you know.
She has ALREADY broken up with you.

It’s done.
There is no “stay” or “leave.” It’s done. She’s gone.
It’s over.
If you want friendship, go ahead but personally, I won’t even bother. Best take a
clean break and move on. No more conversations, no more safe option for her
either. So if it don’t work out she thinks she can come back.
Move on or you’ll be pumped into her drama.
You’re the type of guy who put girls on pedestals.
Girl tells you she’s going with ex on trip and even going back with her ex and
you’re still asking “whether to stay or not,” which means you’re going to be needy,
hoping all sorts and won’t be able to be friends.
Move on. Its done.
There’s no confusion here. It’s clear.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I have ignored a girl who was playing hard to get games?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We have to set the scene here because I don’t know what you did…
If you appproached her, ﬂirted, conversed and asked her out…and she is like..
I don’t know
Maybe in the future
I’m not looking to date anyone
I will think about it
I am not wearing a certain colour for me to say yes or no
The stars are not aligned for me to answer
You’ll have to chase me to ﬁnd out
Oooh I might be hard to get
Then….you lucky guy!
Run as fast and as far as your legs can carry you.
Let her go. Move on.
But if you didn’t show intent, if you didn’t approach her and say to her… you’re
attracted to her, and you didn’t asked her out, but just gave hints and nothing
else…then you need to stop that and ask her out.
So which is your scenario?
2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the French dating culture?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends, like women anywhere and if you go further from your own comfort
you’ll see more. If however, you’re like living in a set form, all you see is French
socialising and get to know that way.
So don’t let anyone tell you it’s this way and that way, it’s diﬀerent, it’s this. That
is it so diﬀerent than anywhere and unique.
I have dated French women and all are diﬀerent.

1. I am dating french woman right now and there was no social blah blah. It
was seeing her in a night club, danced in front of her, grinding and all
that, next day saw her, and sex, dating now for years. I also date other
women and she knows, and other women know.
2. Other french women, was diﬀerent. Known from friends, socialising,
meeting, socialising, get to know, get to know, get to know her some
more, and then walla, we’re walking about through london, or paris, etc.
3. Other french women, I am walking in street and I approach, ﬂirt, have a
laugh with her and her friends, and next day we date.
Oh and “exclusivity” depends again on you and the woman.
You see what I am getting at?
Very diﬀerent to what most will tell you because most will share from their own
perception, own experience, own lifestyle, how they behave, from within the
social context they are in and that’s their… reality.
That’s all they’ve experienced and seen.
And if I go much further of my existing comfort, I bet I will see much more than
and experience totally diﬀerent.
I’ll share with you another example….
One woman I am dating is French.
Her sisters…one of them just approached a guy who worked as Cashier and just
plain and simple asking him out for a drink of coﬀee, and began dating.
But one french girl who is diﬀerent and worked there for years didn’t approach
him. She was the social blah blah, get to know…get to know…and so she waited far
too long.
I’m sure you have heard this happening in England too ;)
Another sister of hers saw a guy at a night club with women around him. She just
walked over and went through the women and said hi, and asked if any of these
girls are his girlfriend.
He said no and she asked him out for a dance.
They have their own family now and run a business together.
Then there’s friends I know, women who have met guy at a party and went home
together, sex and it lead them to dating for years.
I know many use dating websites too.
So it depends on the woman, where she is in life, her upbringing, her own
experiences, her lifestyle, who she is associating with and her perception in life.
So whether french, indian, english, wherever, take it with a pinch of salt when
someone explains how it goes because you’ll ﬁnd people talk from their life
experiences, where they are at in life and found much what most say contradicts
to what I ﬁnd especially when it comes to dating.
And I visit France often.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

How would you feel about your best friend dating your younger
sister?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re friend is 24 years old and she is 16 AND…nothing happened.
He’s not dating your sister.
Maybe include this your detail question to show the insecurities are coming from
you and so people know what’s really going on.
This is you trying to control your sister and believe me, the moment you do, she
will turn on you. The fear will blind you to control rather than building
relationship with your sister to such a level, she trust your wisdom.
But if you go oﬀ like this “I will protect her,” you got another thing coming. Guess
why? At that age she will rebel on because the education needed to be instilled,
needed to be done way before she was 16 years old.
So if you go in now trying all this “I will protect her,” it will trigger her child ego
state the way fear of yours has triggered the Parent ego state.
I have 4 sisters and all 4 are very attractive but I didn’t go oﬀ trying to control. I
built relationship with them so they trust my words. In fact, they look up to me so
much they come to me asking “I know this guy, what you think.”
All came to me when they wanted to marry a guy and that is because I didn’t
control but focused on building trusting relationship and with values. Sure, I had
these feelings but I didn’t project it in their life.
The worst thing you can ever do also, is like most adults, telling her she’s too
young to make her own decision, too young to know.
In your own words..
“They're not dating yet..”
And..
“…I don't know if I want it to come to that. My sister looks and thinks very
maturely for her age. I wouldn't be surprised if any of my friends would feel
something towards her. But I don't think I can tolerate any of them actually
making a move on her. It's okay to admire her just from a distance. My best friend
is a great guy but I can't even imagine them being together. It's too much for me.
It drives me mad but he has been my best friend for ten years man. I don't know
what to do. I don't want my sister to feel like I'm restricting her from
something that she badly wants. Am I wrong to feel this way?”
She’s 16 years old and soon she be 18 years old.
Most of all, she’s not even dating this guy and your best friend is not dating her.
Development isn’t where someone grows individually, it’s not about you.
It’s about people around you grow ie. your sister.
If you try restrict it is due to your own fears not hers. She’s done nothing but be a
girl and you and your friend has done nothing too.
So you’re going to restrict her for what?
Your own fears?
You’re not her dad or mum.
AND she will tell you that too.
This is your own insecurities. This is your own negativity in head. This is all your
drama playing around in your head.
Nothing has happened.

The guy hasn’t approached her has he?
He hasn’t done anything and it’s all in our head.
What’s going to happen is your controlliong behaviour is going to get her to turn
on you and she probably go and date guys older than 27 just to tell you to send
you a message that “you got no control over me!”
So stop it.
Just be there for your sister and don’t try and control things. Build relationship
with her. Take her out, go places together. Get that bond built so you don’t have to
say shit and she comes to you for advise when dating kicks oﬀ.
That’s what my sisters did.
What worked with 4 sistters is talking, conversing not controlling. It’s instilling
values through education not controlling.
That is why they trust me and what I say. That’s why your sister will tust you and
want your advise when it comes to it.
Control comes from fear and this fear is all coming from you. So don’t restrict but
trust her, be with her, converse with her, get to know her, go out together but
moment you behave like a parent her EGO STATE child will kick oﬀ.
And ego child state is a rebelling state.
You are projecting Parent Ego State.
Trying to control, restrict, to get her conforming, and it will backﬁre.
It’s called a self fulﬁlled prophecy.
You’re friend has done nothing. He is not dating her. Let everyone here be clear of
this. He is not dating a 16 year old.
He’s not dating your sister.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I've fallen for one of my friends and scared I'm going to ruin our
friendship what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see that group? You see this guy? You also see those friends?
Got some news from the future.
People grow, people change, people go to college, university and ﬂy away. So all
these friends might not be there in years to come.
You’ll look back and you will ﬁnd all gone, and you got new friends, new life, and
living a diﬀerent lifestyle. People change with new values and so, this friend
might also change and ﬂy away.
Do you want to look back and think..
“If only I did this..”
Then do it. Approach.
Yes, I know all this about awkwardiness. I’m in my 40s and I’m saying to you, it
will mean sod all to you in future. You’ll laugh about it or wonder why you just
didn’t give a shit and just approached and said it.
But if you’re not going to then move on.

Stop thinking about it and enjoy the friendship and let it go. Go and approach
some other guy if you’re that worried.
Justr know, friends you have today may fade away and you’ll be wondering, what
you was so worried about - and - wish you just did it.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I convince my girlfriend that a bikini is ﬁne?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t.
Just enjoy time she has with you and you go swimming. Just don’t push it with
her about this. It’s her body. You don’t need to know the reason why and there is
nothing to ﬁx.
Just leave her alone about this issue and just enjoy her company. You just have
fun with her, create a positive environment, focus on her mood not changing her
mind.If she wants to, she will in her own time.
Nothing to convince or ﬁx.
Rather create the moood, the excitement, the atmosphere and if she wants to, she
will do so on her own.
The more you try to convince, the more you make her insecure, and the more you
also create drama later on. So don’t make it an issue, a big deal and you just live
by example, have fun and in time if she feels the mood, if she feels she wants
to..she will and she’ll appreciate you didn’t push her on this.
Just enjoy her company.
520 Views · View Upvoters

When my girlfriend and I talk about marrige, she seems not to
like that conversation. What does that means?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you mean, when you bring up about marriage because she won’t bring
marriage up if she doesn’t like that conversation.
So it’s really looks like you want marriage but not her. For her it might be too
early if you only been with each other for a year or two years. Maybe she has
already had that or she doesn’t really want it.
If she doesn’t like the conversation then it means she doesn’t want to get married,
maybe not with you or not at all - or - it’s too early for such conversations.
You need to ask her why.
From what I feel, anyone who doesn’t like a certain type of conversation such as
marriage, is someone who doesn’t want to change what exists now, or for future,
or not yet.
So you might have other goals regarding the relationship than she does.
680 Views · View Upvoters

If a boy loves a girl but the girl loves another boy.What should
he do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me put it to you this way.
You walk into a cafe, all seats are taken and won’t be available for a long while yet.
Do you stand there like some chump?
Or do you be smart and move on to a diﬀerent cafe with seats available?
If you was applying for a job and the job is taken, what do you do?
Do you wait…and wait for years to come to see if a job comes up from this
company or are you smart enough to keep applying for jobs to other companies?
It’s like anything in life but the thing is, if a person is needy anyway, desperate, he
won’t know how to behave in other things in life.
Because he would know that if a woman likes and loves someone else, he’d do the
same here……he’d move on.
Why?
He doesn’t have Onetis. He doesn’t put do away with his happiness and
freedom because in doing so, he frames to other girls how to psychologically
put him down.
Waiting on a woman, pursing a woman who isn’t into him, and doing so while
forsaking his own happiness, his own freedom, his self respect and just…let her
go so he pursues other girls.
He keeps chasing her because he doesn’t want to “lose her.”
He doesn’t have standards in his life. Woman likes someone else and guy is still
chasing her like a chump.
So the boy better just move on.
Oneitis is very desperate, needy and girls do not fall for such guys except if they
are insecure themselves, or they want to play and fuck his head up, because all
they want is some attention but will never…date this guy.
Don’t be that guy.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do some girls choose to become friends with ugly girls so they
look pretty in comparison?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I see a lot of this in night clubs and personally everywhere too when girls
walking about, going shopping etc.
You’ll see one attractive and then rest are not so attractive, making her stand out
even more. And if you approach, do not approach the attractive one ﬁrst if if she’s
in group, don’t approach her ﬁrst but all the group.
Cause they’d get jealous and cockblock you lol.
Approach others ﬁrst and get them talking and then her ;)
Better, have some friends with you so if you want to isolate the girl you like, other
guys can be with other girls and you can talk to her for a while, exchange
numbers, ﬂirt, then let her go.
Or isolate to make out a little and then let her go.
Create sexual tension. Hold back and don’t give all like most guys do.

You can read more from Psychology Today:
Ugly Friends Make You Look Better, Studies Show
The Beguiling Truth About Beauty
The Psychology of Beauty
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

I just found out that a buddy and I matched with the same girl
on a dating site. He met her before I did. I like her a lot. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You like her alot? You don’t even know her and nor have you dated her. Plenty of
girls on Tinder or whatever it is you’re using.
Second she’s not his property or yours.
She can make her mind up herself.
The thing is, do you value his friendship and does he value yours?
Then it won’t be a big deal and you can both approach and she decides who
herself. No need to tell her you know each other either, so her ego gets big that
two guys now chasing her and they both know each other.
Tell your mate to move his ass to approach her or you will.
It’s only a big deal if both of you make it one.
Plenty of girls out there.
Just do yourself a favour. Stop talking about girls you like and sitting around
together with guys matching on your phones. Make it private thing with yourself
alone.
You’ll learn the hard way to keep such things to yourself until you date the girl.
Guys can see who you date later on.
That prevents situations and drama like this. If your mates tries to tell you who
they like tell them you don’t want to know. To keep it to themselves.
794 Views · View Upvoters

Is this a stupid reason to like a girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with that at all. It’s not stupid at all. Every man has a desires a
woman for his own reason. Let no one tell you that you’re shallow. You are honest
with yourself in why you desire the girl.
The key is to not be subservient just because a woman has beauty that you desire.
So don’t be passive, timid and putting her on a pedestal.
It’s ok to be attracted to someone because of their ﬁgure. Nothing wrong with it
and anyone tells me they can read someone’s mind from a far on their personality
is bullshit. Even with myself…the ﬁrst is visual I see. I am attracted to what I see
but later I need to know more because for all I know, a woman got the curves, the
look but if she’s some who pissing me oﬀ with games, or drama…forget it.
I won’t be interested. I’m going to be dating her so what’s point if we don’t get
along . The attractiveness just goes out of the window. Shit personality turns me
oﬀ and making things awkward also does.

Insecurity about sex too and negativity towards men and women, and life too.
Cannot stand such negativity. Emotionally draining.
So it’s not stupid but you might make one mistake.
Let’s say she has great ﬁgure, dresses way you like but you don’t like the face?
That may not get you now but later on, it will and you will have invested lots of
time. Plus she has invested in you too.
So don’t compromise what you really want.
Make sure you know exactly what you want right now instead of just thinking
with your dick. Many guys go for a woman’s body but they then bullshit about
how the face is this and that but they didn’t think much of that before.
Now they hurt someone and this someone, can carry that pain to someone else.
The impact we make in this world by own lack of self management is beyond
most can imagine. I think about these things alot.
I like to leave good on this world and this goes for dating too.
Always leave a woman better than you met her. Or always bring good more than
she ever had before she met you.
Our actions can hurt people and it can make impact in world we live in and hurt
others too. It may not be important to most people but for me, it’s very important.
Hate hurting anyone. I’m not soft by the way, but masculine but one thing I just
cannot do, is hurt someone. Even seeing someone in street crying, I feel it.
So do the right thing always.
Think very carefully what you really want and don’t compromise.
Because most guys when they had sex and infatuation gone, now they are
thinking about it all. That the face is not there kind of thing.
That’s the ﬁrst to reﬂect on and nothing wrong with it either. You want what you
want but make sure you are clear about it from day one.
Other factor is setting boundaries.
An example of this is she doesn’t show interest in you, so you begin to chase.
Rather you need to approach to not win her over and nor to be accepted, seeking
to supplicate to her and desiring her approval.
Instead you approach to see if she is willing to invest in you.
You approach fun, ﬂirt, converse and ask her out. If she gives some reasons like
she doesn’t know, or she’s busy, or she has a boyfriend, or “maybe in the future,”
and anything really that doesn’t say YES then do not invest anymore.
It doesn’t matter what she means.
All you know now is she has shown her intent that she’s not interested.
“What it means?” Is irrelevant.
Move on and show her you’re not here to convince, impress and chase. Nor you’re
like the other guys who are desperate.
She is either interested or she isn’t.
So have boundaries.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

I am 24 years old and have never been asked out. I am above
average looks wise and am not socially awkward. What is the
explanation for this? Could it be that a guy would judge me as
"boring" due to the company I keep?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not about your age, or you’re not bitchy, and all the stuﬀ you’re thinking
about. These are details, facts and ﬁgures which by the way focus on conscious.
This isn’t about logic as much about emotions.
You fear rejection as much as the guys do too.
So you got two choices. Keep doing what you’re doing which isn’t working or
overcome your fears and let go to get results.
You’re one woman when there are many women trying to get guys attention.
You’re competing with other women who dress up to compete with other women.
They are standing out more than most women to attract the guy. They do it by
being proactive.
Some women intimidate other women by telling them to play hard to get, to not
make a move, to sit pretty WHILE these very women, approach guys…ﬂirt…dance
real close and behave in a manner to get a guy to approach them. They don’t care
what other people think.
They are self aware and know what is going on in this world. They don’t fall for
the nonsense most promote in society.
They give strong eye contact.
They will approach a guy, being fun, not serious and ﬂirt.
They even tell their friend to approach the guy and give a good word. I have had
this done to me. They are being proactive while other women fell for the Disney,
the social norms, the customs that..
“I’ll wait for someone to sweep me oﬀ my feet.”
Very smart women conned a lot of women believing that to get a guy you just
stand there and not approach. To just wait and not be proactive.
Well these women do approach.
These women know how to get a man’s attention.
Have you ever been to a night club full of Lesbians/Bisexuals?
Go and see.
Watch them closely. They go for it. They just approach women immediatly, and
ﬂirt, tease, laugh, kiss, grind. They walk out with a date. They are fun, they calm,
they just go for it.
There is none of this bullshit of sending signals, hints because they know other
women are competing too.
Many want to walk away with someone and they don’t hide their sexuality. It’s
going down tonight.
They got to move fast but they also know, some are insecure, fell for the social
customs, the fairy tales and so they got the advantage.
That’s their advantage.

They are proactive, taking no chances while others wait. They take risks.
They will face rejection.
They move in, playing, being fun, numping into guys and even tapping a guy
on a shoulder and saying..
“Oooh you’re cute…”
They do all sorts rather than waiting.
That other women believed in playing hard, or waiting, or hoping a guy
approaches, so deep in being socially conditioned that they’ll wait for a prince
charming to approach - while other women go for it.
Funny thing is, when most women in night clubs are with men, they forget all
that. The wall is up. There is this waiting game lol.
Total opposite to what I have seen in venues where Lesbians and Bisexuals go. It
becomes passive, timid, fear of losing control, scared of being rejected.
They fell for the Disney eﬀect, the Hollywood Movies, the Romance novels. They
all worried who is in control and guys want sex, what others think if they
approached guys and on and on it goes
One of my girlfriends got sisters and they approached guys.
They saw a guy they liked, approached him, asked him out for a coﬀee and he
said yes. He was amazed by her conﬁdence.
They are now married with lovely children.
One woman was in that place for 4 years, working with him in that same place
and she liked him but didn’t approach. She gave all kind of hints and he didn’t
approach.
That’s what happens a lot of times for women who wait and so it is for guys too,
who are passive, timid and make it all so serious.
The other sister was at a night club and she saw a guy with other women around
him, and she walked right through, smiled, talked and asked out to dance.
They are now together and with children, and running a business together.
Be proactive.
Let go of the social norms, customs and don’t worry about what others think. If
you do what many do, you get what they get.
Wondering why no one approaches them.
You got to be proactive. Or keep doing the same thing that hasn’t worked for you.
Let go, have fun, go wild, don’t take it seriously and just go for it.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy rejects you because you are
innocent?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He’s saying he desires physical sexual relationship and he cannot promise what
he thinks you’re looking for in him.
I do that a lot when I feel the woman is looking for much more than I can give.
Like committment, promises of long-term relationship and all that. Or she keeps
saying she rather go slow. It’s not for me.

So I have to end it and move on.
He’s saying what his needs are but he’s not being entirely honest.
He probably noticed you want deep emotional committment and a serious
relationship. You want to go slow and maybe you said that or behaved in a
manner to show this.
You’re not wanting sexual intimacy and you are more long-term relationship type
of girlfriend which he doesn’t want.
He’s probably gone past that stage, already been in such relationships. doesn’t
want it anymore and is looking for something else.
So he’s not going to invest anymore and he’s moving on.
In the end, it doesn’t matter. What matters is he’s shown his intent. That he’s not
interested and moving on.
So you don’t look for some meaning but the intent.
The intent is he’s not interested.
Best to move on.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How would you spend your time if you didn't have to work for
money?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What I am doing right now. Though I made some tough decisions, had to ride it
through. Wasn’t easy but I believe if I really wanted to do something, I must
ﬁgure out a way even if I live in streets for a while.
Which by the way I did for a while…and invested the money in marketing
knowledge, strategy and all kinds of knowledge. Figured out resources in city that
are free and tapped into them, like a Nomad I lived lol.
I was humble too.
I believe the greatest resources on this planet is people. If one truly is humble,
shows eﬀort, respects someone else’s knowledge, is willing to show eagerness and
love for knowledge….people will share their expertise.
I then associated myself with learned people and stayed quiet, learnt from them,
asked questions but made sure to apply BEFORE I ask anymore, and showed
them the result which excited them to give more.
Then when I got the knowledge and skills, I began apply and now…
1. I have a team of website programms and I use them to help people who
have no sense of direction to build their own website to attract jobs
rather just than CV. These are professionals. I bring in the clients and the
developers build to my requirement. This is long length process as I
develop a person’s goals, strategy, direction, from ground up and train
them too.
2. I also coach people on developing their own strategy in life, professional
career, and also when it comes to dating/social dynamics.
3. I’m writing and producing my own songs. Came back recently from
Switzerland after ﬁnished recording album and now the producer is
mixing everything, mastering the album for the record labels.

4. Writing my own books on dating psychology, sex psychology, audio
products too and using my own illustrations skills so books has my
brand feel…and…building a website for lovers where they can get
speciﬁc books on certain knowledge on dating, seduction, other
products I will attach to my website like…DA DA DAAAAAAA sexy toys
and sexy clothes :D
5. Going to the Gym and also getting strong in body ﬁgure, not just
asthetics look but also strength where I can do things gynmasts do.
6. Oh I also got back into dancing, graﬁtti and I am in my 40s. Making
young ones jaw drop as I make my moves. They like “how the fuck he
does that?” Age is but a number ;)
7. Travelling to diﬀerent countries. I love travelling so I make monies, and
travel as well.
8. Taking photos when I travel using my mobile phone and sketching ideas
from them too.
9. I date women, multiple dates and having fun. I do have long-term
relationship but I also date other women, and all of the women know
upfront. So my life is awesome.
10. Right now, I am developing a business model that goes with my lifestyle.
I didn’t wait for money.
I had to make tough decisions that most will never make which took some years
to just grit my teeth but now I’m doing what I want to do. Life is short. There is no
right time or right money.
There is only tough decisions which I made.
That is a message to me by the way and not to anyone else, so I am not looking for
anyone to tell me “but…but..”
People do whatever they want. Their choice, their decision..their life.
I know what is important for me.
I’m not waiting for right time, moment, or money. life is too short.
7 Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl if she liked me and she replied: it's more
complicated then that. What does that mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget what it means. Look for intent.
You found her intent. She’s not interested. She gave some reason and whether it
is true or not, it does not matter. Her intent is clear.
All you need to know is she is unwilling to invest in you as a lover. So you don’t
look for what it means. Move on.
Far too many guys put too much time wondering what women mean. All you
need to know is you don’t invest anymore time with her if you’re interested in
dating her. So you move on.
Certain things to take into consideration…
You have behaved way too safe. This is a lesson you need to learn fast. Do not look
for signal and escalate fast.

You didn’t and played far too safe with hanging out and not escalating. The
escalation window is very short and if you demonstrate passiveness and being
timid, it’s over before you even know it.
You didn’t behave as a lover.
You behaved like a platonic friend. It is an easy mistake to make when guys are
inexperienced. It’s the same pattern I see over and over again.
Move on, don’t second guess anything and do not wait.
Move on with these following lessons..
1. Invest Less.
Your goal is always identify if a woman is interested in you by showing
intent. This helps you to invest less. So you do not hang out with her like
a friend. You don’t go and meet her parents.
2. Be True.
When you are attracted to a woman, be true to your desire. Show a
woman you desire her by telling her you are attracted to her. Truth is
very attractive. Many women meet guys who are dishonest and
pretending to be friends when they want more. You needed to show truth
immediately. Show that you desire her.
3. Boundaries.
You didn’t have boundaries and these show you got standards. Instead
you invested far too much, with visiting her parents twice, hanging out
before you made sure she is interested in you by her saying so.
Now there are other things to learn but that will take too long.
But understand there are times, when women you meet will have negative
obstacles. These are obstacles you cannot remove yourself.
For example, you’re a rock star and she’s a devote and very religious woman, who
believes music is the devils thing, and on and on. I’n giving you some crazy
example but this is what I mean by obstacles.
To even try to remove such obstacles will mean neediness because you’re
investing more in someone who isn’t sure of being with you. She will waste your
time and whether she means this or that, doesn’t matter.
You let go and move on.
Other obstacle example is the woman lives at the other end of the country but she
is insecure, you can hear it in her words and therefore she will self sabotage the
relationship. So you don’t waste time with such women and move on.
Another obstacle is she still in love with her ex-boyfriend and so again, you move
on. People of maturity and really into someone do not speak of such things and
so if they do…best to move on.
When you identify such obstacles, you need to appreciate that it is best to move
on. Even when a woman says..
I don’t know
I’m not sure
It’s more complicated
I am not ready for relationship
I am not looking to date at the moment
These are obstacles which are not there for you to remove and entertain. Instead,
you walk away from the woman.

You’re not her therapist. You’re a lover and lovers know their self worth and will
walk away from women who are unwilling to invest or have too much friction
(obstacles).
She has said she is not available.
You have found out what you need to know.
So you move on.
You’re aim is not to win a woman over. You’re not to seek validation and
acceptance. You are to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest in you.
If a woman isn’t willing to invest you move on. It is far better to ﬁnd that out way
in the beginning, than later on. It enables you to not waste time investing
emotions and time in her.
There’s no use.
She is unwilling for whatever reason to invest.
Don’t invest anymore. Move on.
2k Views · View Upvoters

A girl likes me but doesn't want to date anyone at the moment.
Should I be worried if she hangs out with other guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So she likes to play games
My advise, move on. Don’t invest anymore with her. She’s playing you. It’s not
that she doesn’t want to date anyone.
She doesn’t want to date you.
Move on.
Always invest less with girls.
You show vulnerability, stick your neck out by showing interest. You do not
confess love and all that but show interest.
If she is not available, move on. Don’t invest anymore.
Go and approach other girls, and date them.
She’s not available and if you invest more, wait for her, she will psychologically
fuck you up. Don’t get sucked into the drama.
Move on. She’s not available and she said so, and you have no obligations to her.
Let her hang out with guys. Let her date. So what?
You got Onetis.
You’re very needy.
It is when a guy behaves in way to get ONE particular girl to “not lose her” and
does so at the expense of not pursuing other girls. Also…..it is at the expense of
his own happiness and freedom.
When a girl ﬁnds out the guy is like that, she will play with him. It is
psychological and biological. The game start as she date other guys, ﬂirt with
other guys but she will never date him because he is too easy.
He is always available, he is orbiting around her.

In other words, he is needy for her validation, her approval and worried how
other guys will date her when he needs to show he doesn’t give a fuck.
He does not compromise his happiness and his freedom over one girl who isn’t
showing immediate interest to date him.
Instead, he has self respect and standards. He doesn’t damage his freedom and
happiness. He will approach other girls and and date them.
You should be more worried about how you got Oneitis and hovering around this
one girl, who dates other guys instead of you - and - doing so to punish you.
That’s not a girl to date.
That’s a girl to stay the hell away from.
Imagine being in a relationship. So if you have an argument she will cheat, fuck
some guy and then…blame it on you.
She’s telling you what she’s like in the future.
Red ﬂag! Stay away from her.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

I met a girl, spent an amazing 24 hours together, I know we had
an incredible connection, but she's chosen another man - what
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You met a girl. Ok, I get that.
But when you said this next sentence, I knew 100% it was over..
“…spent an amazing 24 hours together…”
Gone, over, done!
You focused on comfort and comfort before attraction…KILLS attraction. You
have no sexual tension when you spent that much time.
24 hours is way too long.
Especially when a girl is not invested in you and invested doesn’t mean she spent
lots of hours with you.
You needed to invest less, give it mystery, increase sexual tension but you went
and probably talked for hours on end together.
Comfort…comfort…comfort….
Like..friends do.
So she didn’t see you as a lover.
A Lover creates sexual tension. He challenges her. He gives a little, arouses her,
captures her emotions, leads her imaginations and then…dissappears.
He gives her the space for her to imagine.
You went and gave it all in 24 hours and there wasn’t any sexual attraction to it. It
was platonic.
For you it there was a connection.
For her it was platonic.
For you it was incredible.

For her you were safe….not exciting.
For you it was amazing.
For her her, she couldn’t imagine you as a lover in her mind. The feeling wasn’t
there. It was too comfortable.
Next time, don’t give all straight away. Hold back. Create tension. I am not saying
playing hard to get.
I’m saying there is a process…
Attraction > qualifying > comfort > seduction = Lover.
Your process was this…
Confort > Comfort > Comfort = Platonic not lover.
Yes, enjoy the memory but that’s not enough. You don’t learn much for the future
by enjoying then memory.
You need to know what can be tightened up. You need to know how to get better
at doing this. Start with attraction instead of comfort.
And one thing you don’t do for 24 hours is playing safe.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when a girl asks for time after proposing her
and friend-zone after saying she can't feel anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, it really does surprise me when guys say “what should I do?”
1. A woman doesn’t show interest
2. She asks for time after you propose to her
3. She says she can’t feel anything
And then the person says “what should I do?”
Read this for the future…
Adam Taha's answer to Once I get to like a girl, I have a really hard time to get her
out of my head, even after months of no interaction. How do I solve this?
Since you didn’t get the woman lingo, let me explain it for you…
She is saying…
“I don’t see you in that way. I am not into you in that way but I don’t want to
say….no….because I want to avoid conﬂict. I want to avoid awkwardiness. I don’t
see you as someone to be attracted to, sexually attracted etc. Please don’t ask me
again and change the subject. It’s making me feel awkward. I don’t see you in that
way…”
You probably invested way too much time with her, being platonic with her,
without realising the damage you are doing in making yourself unattractive to
her. So many guys do that.
You probably are friends and you got to know her, started feeling something for
her or you thought you’d be friends to get closer to her.
She KNOWS.
You know how she knows?
It’s so common and many guys do this approach.

Women talk to each other about guys like that. They know every approach of guys
who do that and when you do the same pattern, behave in the same manner,
suddenly the image of such guys kicks in.
It turns them oﬀ.
You probably approached confessing feelings, like it shows in Hollywood,
Bollywood movies, and songs.
This is the real world. It doesn’t work that way.
Always invest less and never invest more until the woman says she’s interested.
Don’t confess feelings of romance, do not propose until she is emotionally
invested in you i.e. she is attracted to you, she has said so and she has took action
to show it too.
Do you want her to continue to psychologically put you down?
That’s what women do when a woman is not interested in a man and if he
behaves passive, timid and continues to orbit around her, being available, not a
challenge, then she sees he hasn’t any self respect for himself.
So she will do more and ignore you. say something to put you down even more.
Make what you said irrelevant. Changes the subject to make you feel confused
and frustrated.
Move on.
That’s what you should do…..move on.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Been 3 months, she knows I like her. Told me not looking for a
boyfriend 2 months ago. She comes to my house, cook for her,
watch movie. Friendzoned?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friend zone? Don’t make me laugh.
She said to you, she is not looking for a boyfriend. She already dictated how it be
and if you wanted more, you needed to move on, as she didn’t want more.
You didn’t move on.
You instead did what most nice guys do and let’s be clear…nothing nice about it
either. The nice guy behaves like in a way to be treated like a doormat.
You invested more rather walking away.
Friendzone is an excuse for guys who are dishonest and anyone can make it
sound like something positive is going on.
And please, women saying “oh I won#t know” they know what’s going on. Of
course they know.
I remember I had this girl and this is what she said..
“Yes, I know these guys hang around me but it’s not my fault if they don’t move on.
It’s their problem not mine but I would never date them. They know that. I said I
don’t want a boyfriend but what I meant is…I won’t date them. But they still hang
around doing me favours. It’s their fault not mine…”
Guys need to know to stop behaving like doormats because no matter, girls or
guys…..if anyone doesn’t have respect for themselves, then people will use them.
This is the real world and it happens if people don’t respect themselves.

You’re in that place because you think with your dick. Let’s be honest here. That’s
what’s happening.
Because why would you even mention friendzone?
You wanted something else i.e. girlfriend, more than friend, sexual intimacy. You
thought a few months goes by and she will change her mind.
That’s dishonest and she would know as well but she is getting the attention, free
emotional support, a guy cooking for her, sitting down watching movies.
Of course she will be lapping it up but she would never date you.
She will fall for the lover type, the guy who is a challenge, the one who invest less
until the girl shows interest in him and invests.
If she doesn’t show she is willing to invest in him then he immediately
moves on.
You’re doing it the opposite way.
You invested much more and she isn’t invested in you at all.
Let’s look at what it is for real..
1. She said she doesn’t want a boyfriend.
2. She KNOWS you’re into her.
3. You didn’t walk away why? Hoping she open her legs for you.
4. You are passive, timid, available. Why? Hoping she opens her legs for
you.
5. You cook for her. Why? Hoping to impress her to open her legs for you.
6. You watch movies together, pretending to be friends. Why? For her
pussy.
So you behave all serious, instead like a lover. You do what provider does..COOK
for her, spend your valuable time with her when you needed to be out there,
approaching other girls and having a lifestyle.
Because you’re doing it only to get into her pants but you know she doesn’t want a
boyfriend, so why bother. You move on.
But you didn’t and then…call it…friendzone. Seriously?
Let’s be honest here.
Let’s call it for what it is.
You stayed like a friend in the hope she open her legs for you.
You did everything for what?
Be honest. You did it so you can impress her. You did it because you were biding
your time she changes her mind…so she open her legs for you.
Nice guys…doormat…
Needy
Spineless
Dishonest
Pretenders
Passive agressive

At beck and call
At one’s feet
At one’s mercy
Exploited by one’s own admission
In someone else’s power by one’s own admission
Helpless by their own addmission
For what?
For a woman to have sex with him.
Move on. You cannot be friends with her because you don’t want a friend. You
didn’t behave as a friend. You had an agenda.
Or you wouldn’t have mentioned the word “friendzoned.”
She didn’t friendzone you.
No girl has that power and no guy has either.
People put themselves in that position and can walk away too. No one has power
over anyone. It’s people’s own neediness and desperation that makes them
behave passive, timid and subservient.
HOW TO REMEDY IT
1. Talk to her and ask has her feelings changed with you
2. Now if she says no, move on, distance. No more cooking. None of that. Be
yourself and don’t do anyting to get anything oﬀ her.
3. Don’t worry losing friends. If you feel you cannot be with her as a friend,
no problem. At least you’re honest about it. Move on. Distance. People
grow, people ﬂy, people get jobs, people date other people, people move
on. Friends move on, friends study, friends leave city, friends graduate,
they ﬂy, some marry, some have kids, some ﬂy, some you never see
again, and few you do. Go and make new friends!
4. Then approach other girls and invest less. If girl says no, if girl says she
ain’t looking for boyfriend, if girl says not ready, not looking for serious
relationship….don’t invest anymore, don’t meet, don’t cook, don’t watch
movies, move on.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you like London?
Adam Taha, marketing
Answered May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I love London and here’s some of the reasons why…
1. It like going on adventures taking photos of arts on walls.
These walls get covered up afterwards for artists to do more. So it doesn’t stop. I’d
visit many places in London, and I’d go back to them to ﬁnd new graﬃtti and
arts…

2. Diverse in food, cultures.
Where I live there are plenty of resturants with diﬀerent foods from diﬀerent
cultures. Then there are many communities you can socialise with, music events,
workshops and things I really didn’t ﬁnd much where I came from.

Also the gym I go to is only 5 minutes away and for a month its £19 and it’s a 24
hour gym. Plus, I can easily get lost in london which is exciting for me as it’s an
adventure, for me to ﬁnd new places and even people to meet along the way.
The only thing with london is the rent is high. Lots of things in London cost
much more money.
Once in a while I ﬁnd my favourite dates…(no not women but these…;)

3. Markets for stuﬀ and clothes accessories
Where I use to live the options of ﬁnding stuﬀ I need were limited but here in
London, it is diﬀerent. I ﬁnd lots of mens accessories. I just have to hunt them
down. Also because of the many choices I can haggle prices :D
They become part of the conversation when dating women. I ﬁnd all sorts of stuﬀ
to wear.
So you will ﬁnd stuﬀ like these..

4. Festivals.
London is so big that there be workshops, activities and festivals of all kinds. If
you want to do photography, if you want to learn to do graﬃti, if you want to
dance Hip Hop, whatever you want.
Yes, there is even workshops and real life seminars, and going out with guys to
learn how to approach to date women. All sorts.
Here’s photos from a festival of colours…people throwing colours over each other
and dancing, having fun…

This is me…

That’s just some of the reasons why I love being in London. I have lots of fun and
I’m an adventureous guy anyway.
So I’m always exploring the city and taking photos.
Here’s some more arts on walls found in London. Enjoy!

1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible to have a relationship with someone that is only
based on sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it’s possible. I have relationships based on sex and relationships based on
much more. It depends on you and the person.
There are many types of relationships, because everyone is diﬀerent and
everyone desires something diﬀerent. World like to label them as wrong and
right. That’s socially conditioning, where it is dictated by social norms, customs,
traditions and what is favourable to society.
You decide what it is you want and in knowing, you then can attract people of
similar desires, wants and needs.

As long you and whoever you with come to an understanding of boundaries, so
there isn’t any false expectations, then no problem.
Like any relationship there are challenges. You just got to grow, learn how to
handle such challenges as you go along.
Knowing the boundaries though before hand is very important and it’s also
important to not step over that line you and other persons have agreed on. To also
not try and change and ﬁx other person.
That’s something I have faced before and it is why I walked away from some
women, because some tried to dictate a role that wasn’t there.
Many a times I have to walk away from women who do that. They say they accept
who I am, they too desire relationship based on sex and then when they get to
know me, see my world, know who I am, they want more.
So I have to say no, and walk away because drama happens and games happen,
and so I feel best to say bye.
The diﬃcult part isn’t attracting people who desire relationship based on sex. It is
the false expectations. Make your boundaries clear from day one. Know what you
want and say it clearly. Remind the person if they want more of the boundaries.
Sometimes you need to remind the other person.
As long you know what you want, you have boundaries, you make sure both know
these boundaries and you don’t have some false expectations…then it makes it
much easier.
It is also a myth relationship based on sex don’t last.
Not so. I have dated women where relationship went for 10 years and more. I date
multiple women and we have fun, we enjoy each other’s company and we know
what why, what and how.
Many people in such relationships. It’s just not publicised as much in the
mainstream and in society.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Guy I'm dating says he is going to rent an apt in my state. It
keeps not happening and he keeps traveling to one of his other
homes suddenly. Married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sounds like a guy who isn’t mature at all and very needy. He probably said those
things out of fear of losing you. Got you on a pedestal.
2 weeks is nothing when dating someone.
If it was like 2 years then understandable if a man said that to you but 2 weeks,
that’s a guy who is immature and not ready for relationship.
I won’t take anything he says seriously as yet.
Whether he is married and all that, is no something we will know. You’re with
him, dating him and you don’t know enough about him to know this. So how are
we, if we don’t even know him, met him, associated with him know he’s married
or not.
It can be anything but one thing is for sure, making big grand promises about
moving in to keep you hooked is immature. He’s doing this out of fear of loss.
People who promise such things so quick rarely do keep their promises.

Still, it’s way too soon even for you to think big grand things with him, like
moving in with him or seeing him getting a place where you’re at.
Take it slow. Nice and easy with this guy.
Don’t fall for his words. Take it slow. Real slow.
637 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend asked why I was being nice to her while I was on
the phone to her and she was with her friends, how should I
interpret this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t be passive and timid with her. Most guys are timid and passive when girls
act all up like that to test your frame. They also do it if they with friends and so,
you don’t let her think she can talk that way with you.
Detach from the fear of loss, validation and speak up.
There are plenty of girls out there who will not behave in this childish immature
manner. Maybe she’s insecure but that’s beside the point.
Speak up and tell her if she doesn’t like being with you, then why is she even
bloody with you then. Don’t fear loss.
Be a man and stand up for yourself. A lot of girls at school try to show oﬀ to their
friends because they desire validation, acceptance from others. It doesn’t stop
when you get older to meet women in world either.
So you need to stand up for yourself. Sure, you’ll get some women not liking you
because you stand up for yourself but so what. You’re not wanting to date them
anyway. They want a passive man they can be with them.
But you set the bar on how people treat you.
That’s called ‘setting boundaries.’
Most guys don’t have boundaries and put girls on a pedestal. If you’re going to set
boundaries then also appreciate you need to be true to your values.
You must believe in yourself and the boundaries you set. People will test you out
and see if you believe in yourself and your boundaries. When they see you do,
they will have two options.
1. Realise your not a chump and change how they treat you.
2. Or realise they cannot manipulate you to become passive and timid and
leave to do that to someone else.
You cannot please everyone and nor should you live life trying to seek approval
and acceptance.
Either way, you stand your ground because you know you’re self worth and you
know you’re not going to have anyone treat you with disrepect, or be with you if
they feel they are being mistreated.
If they feel so, they can leave.
That’s boundaries.
Most guys don’t have them because they put girls on a pedestal, they are needy
for validation, acceptance, approval, and worry they will lose their girl and that’s
when you become unhappy.

Girls with friends like to also demonstrate some social status, they are needy for
validation and acceptance from others. Showing oﬀ.
Let her know by speaking up she cannot treat you this way now and in the future.
If you don’t then she will keep doing it. She will think she can do this to you when
with you and when with people around her.
Being passive aggressive gets you nowhere. You will see this later in life too.
People will treat you like shit, walk all over you if you let them.
Speak up for yourself. Show you got boundaries.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do you have to ask a girl out if you want to date her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Romance novel for teens and adults, movies, are not written for reality. They are
written for fantasy. They are written in a way for people to escape the realities of
life, the responsibilities, the accountability, the brutish of life, where you can
imagine you sit on your ass or standing, whatever and magically someone sees
you.
Then sweeps you oﬀ your feet.
Millions of books as an example for adults…50 shades of grey were sold and it
focused on the fantasy.
Take a look at the cover of the book.
It is not of two naked bodies, of a man and woman having sex, but rather a tie.
That alone tells you something.
That the author and marketing team knows the fears of women. That women fear
being judged, ostracised, labeled, as women who into sex, into whip,…
whip….bondange sex etc, because god forbid, women be known as sexual beings
and sex..Ooooh bad..bad girl.
So people in real life fear rejection, fear being in an uncomfortable situation.
They fear being hurt, fear being judged, ostracised and this feeling for many for
acceptance, validation, approval is big in their lives.
It is psychological and when choosing mates it is biological too.
In dating, if a guy plays it safe he will be like most typical guys, who invest lots of
time on girls who really have no intention of dating him.
If he talks the way romance do he will ﬁnd it doesn’t work.
If he approaches with love letters, romance in the beginning he will be
unsuccessful because these books and movies are just fantasy. They do not show
the real world and many obstacles one faces.
Do you know how rare it is for a girl to ask a guy out?
Very rare.
They haven’t got the backbone to do so and now….even most guys haven’t.
They’ve become passive, timid and subserivient.
So if a guy desires a girl, he must frame it as so. He must behave in a manner that
shows he’s into her, he cannot play safe, he cannot give hints like frightened
women do. He must be direct.
And yes, he asks her out instead of waiting for it to happen.

In life, nothing happens by waiting for it.
You want anything in life go and get it, be direct, clear rather than living in some
fantasy world.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

I tell my boyfriend I love him constantly, I call him hourly just
to update him. Is it possible that he may get tired and lose
interest on me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The hourly calls would drive me insane. It would gradually push me away. You
need to tone down this quick and let go of this fear of loss, this neediness because
in short, it will slowly grind him down to a halt.
I don’t know about him but if that was me, I’d tell you myself to stop with the
hourly calls because it’s getting too much and your lack of trust in me.
It is painting a future I am not looking forward to having with you because this is
a red ﬂag of an deep insecurity issue that can cause a lot of drama later on. It’s
controlling and it’s emotionally draining.
Figure out why you’re doing it quick.
It usually something happened in past. Maybe childhoold or past experience
relationship. Maybe you have abandoment issues. You’re projecting your own
insecurities into the relationship and it never leads to much good.
Whatever it is, go and see a professional and sort it out.
This would deﬁnitely overwhelm me and think twice about being with you in the
future. Maybe he’s already questioning about the relationship.
Let your man ask you how you’re going.
Give that space. Some mystery. It’s a man thing. Guys like to have the choice to
show they care in asking how you are but you’re taking that away from him.
724 Views · View Upvoters

What do I do when a girl likes me and we constantly text but
says a relationship won't work out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Always invest less.
You’re not about winning a girls approval, acceptance and supplicating to her.
You can read more here on this..
Adam Taha's answer to Should you ask a girl if she likes you?
2. You are to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest in you.
She is unwilling. So now, she is not a priority. Limit your texting from now on. She
isn’t to blame if she strings you along. You are. Girls love attention, ﬂirt out of
boredom, for fun. A lover type doesn’t spend his time on a girl who isn’t willing to
invest in him if he desires her as a girlfriend/lover.
3. Behave As A Lover Not A Friend
She is psychologically seducing you to be passive, timid and you’re falling for it
too. Texting…texting..back and forth. You need to behave as a lover. Don’t be
always available, limit conversation with her or do you want to be seen as some
best friend? Then be diﬀerent to all the guys.

4. Be A Challenge.
Approach other girls, get yourself busy and if she wants you, she invest in you.
Don’t be texting everyday, hours on end, on phone but show you got a life and
you’re busy dating other girls without saying it.
Just don’t always be available for her.
Because right now, she is telling you, “No, I am not interested.”
Keep texting but limit it. For girls like her, maybe once or twice a week and not
long essays. I focus on girls who are willing to invest. I’m not their emotional
support to ve treated like some Tampon.
She is treating you like most guys, standby.
Girl - I’m not ready for a relationship
Me - Whoa, we haven’t even dated yet, you’re serious. Slow down. I’m not looking
for a serious relationship yet as we haven’t dated, and got to know you in that
way.
I am saying I got standards.
Personally, I be moving on and approaching other girls because I got standards.
Her reply is not good enough for me to invest time.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should you ask a girl if she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t ever ask a girl that if she likes me. I don’t need to supplicate to her, seek
approval from her or acceptance.
Doing so serves no purpose but someone’s own insecurities and also, it puts her
in an awkward position too.
Instead, years of experiences has taught me to be conﬁdent. I approach, be fun,
ﬂirt, converse, and then if I see she has a personality I like and not just good
looks; then I paint a picture on what can happen if we do go out.
Then from there I ask her out, exchange numbers.
I now build on attraction using text. I don’t converse using text back and forth for
weeks. It can take a few days or a little more to lead to meeting up to date.
I’ll know if she’s seriously interested by giving her a chance to follow through,
and if she ﬂakes once, twice, she’s out.
Action speaks louder. People say all sorts but if they don’t act towards what they
say then that will tell me all I need to know.
I’ll move on if she doesn’t take action to someone else.
You see, people have two languages.
A) The social mask language.
This is a mask people wear in society to avoding showing their true self. They
don’t say what they mean but say something totally diﬀerent to avoid conﬂict,
awkwardiness, avoid being uncomfortable.
So when a girl replies with her social mask it is due to the guy who has put her in
an awkward position. When someone is put in an awkward position they will try
anything to avoid saying what they mean.

B) The Primitive Language
This is true language hidden under the surface of the mask that people wear in
society. This language is speaking but you don’t hear it and you can look at a
person’s behaviour but even then, you won’t know.
The social mask will say
“I don’t know.”
“I’m not ready for a relationship.”
“I’ll think about it. Let’s see how it is in future.”
The Primitive Survival Language is really saying
“No. I don’t see you as a lover.”
“I only see you as a platonic friend.”
“I am not attracted to you.”
“You’re too passive, timid, not exciting.”
“You’re always available so girls are not pursing you. Needy and desperate.”
“I do not see much value in you as a lover but only as a friend.”
I don’t need to ask a girl if she likes me. I approach to ﬁnd out if she is going to
invest time in getting to know me, and I do it as I explained above.
I know the social mask language and then primitive but even then, I won’t need
to spend much time thinking about what it means.
All I need to know is “Yes or No.”
So I won’t approach asking a girl if she likes me but approaching to see if she will
invest in me as a lover and if not…I move on.
Mixed signals happens when a person:
1. Is hiding their intent and not being conﬁdent to do the above steps I’ve
mentioned. They fear rejection. They are insecure. They desire
everything to be right before they be honest to the person.
They desire to be accepted, validated and approved. Putting someone on
a pedestal and making their opinion higher than their own opinion of
themselves.
2. They play safe and so they will look for hints, signals and supplicating to
people which gets them nowhere. So what if someone says “Yes I like
you.” Means nothing.
It is desperate. Needy. Supplicating and it leads to nowhere. There is no
Yes or No to dating. It’s just ego “do you like me.”
14.8k Views · View Upvoters

After some time I asked her whether she would date me, and
she said "I don't know, it's matter of future". What does this
mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is the same old story. Same old story.
Over and over again. Let’s look at what you said after Dan Edina gave you sound
advise on what it means..
“Actually It’s a bit more complicated, because she’s a foreign girl, who lives in my
country since a few months. We can talk for hours, and never rejects my suggestion
when I invite her somewhere. She even participated in my hobbies. So, when I asked
her about dating me, I added something like if she doesn’t want to date me, simply

say no, I can handle a rejection. But she didn’t say no, she said she geniuinely
doesn’t know yet.”
No, it’s not a bit complicated.
It doesn’t matter if she’s a alien from mars, and you can chat the same language
for 10 hours a day, and you got same belly button shape. And she participated in
your hobbies and whatever you both did…LIKE…friends.
The girl has psychologically seduced you to be so passive, timid that you put her
on a pedestal to ask PERMISSION if she would date you.
You ask this with any woman after you spend hours with them, like a friend,
being platonic, and they will give you every excuse to not date you.
They won’t say no.
They will say they don’t know.
They will reply in a ambigious ways for a reason.
They feel awkward and they do not want to lose the friendship, the emotional
support and that is not her fault. It’s how it is.
If it is not a YES, then no matter what a woman says, she has shown intent and
her intent with you, is a 100% no.
You’re scenerio is not unique, not special, not new, not diﬀerent. It’s the same
thing over and over again.
1. You spent hours with her. You do realise a man who spents all those
hours talking about commonalities on end, pretending to be friends, is
building comfort not attraction. The moment comfort sets in BEFORE
attraction you’re done. She will never see you as a lover but a platonic
friend.
2. You was too available, playing hobbies together AND a lover never
behave this way. A lover has value. He will not invest so much time in a
woman until she clearly states she is interested in him. He does not do
things to win her approval by spending hours on end with her. His goal is
to ﬁnd out immediately if she is willing to invest and if no, NEXT!
Girls in this position will reply:
“I don’t know.”
“I’m not sure.”
“I have to think about it.”
“I don’t know. It matters in future.”
She isn’t going to tell you straight because this isn’t about whether you can take
rejection. This is about a girl.
This is about the girl who feels awkward, uncomfortable saying no to you.
That is why she isn’t saying a straight “no. I’m not interested.”
This is positive because you learn what doesn’t work and you don’t do it again.
You learn from it and you change your approach. Most men never learn this and
keep doing the same mistake and waste so much time.
Understand girls have a hard time saying no.
They don’t want to say no because they want to avoid conﬂict, awkwardiness.
They have said no to guys many times and it didn’t go down too well. The guys
persist or go crazy, or act really weird.

So this time they say things like..
“I don’t know.”
“I’m not ready for a serious relationship.”
“Let’s see what happens in the future.”
“I don’t know you yet.”
There are many ways they say no but it doesn’t matter.
You are looking at intent.
If it is not a clear YES then no matter what else she says, take it as a no. It is the
intent you need to listen to. She has shown the intent is..
“I’m not interested…”
Some girls do it on purpose to keep a man hooked and psychologically keep him
hanging on because they love the attention. However, they will never date this
guy and won’t be romantic and sexually involved with him.
Many guys behave desperate, waiting around, rationalising that because girls
didn’t say no, it means one day in the future it might happen.
Conﬁdent men and men of self worth don’t invest anymore when there is no
100% clarity.
Conﬁdent men live in the present not future.
No one knows what the future holds.
“Maybe” is a very big word and a clause that states.
“If you wait and I date someone else, it is YOUR FAULT for waiting. I didn’t tell you
to wait. I said maybe. I said maybe in the future. I said we’ll see in the future. I
didn’t say Yes. I said it matters of the future.”
I’m no fool putting my life on hold for any woman who cannot say YES. If I don’t
get a clear Yes, I take it as a no. She can do whatever in the future. It’s not going to
be with me and I am not going to wait around.
No woman is that special.
It is either a YES or a NO.
And if there isn’t a YES but something else, then a man worth his salt will take it
as NO because he has self respect, self worth to ever wait around for woman to
say it as it is. He moves on and approaches someone else.
She now sees you as a friend….
1. She has emotional support from you. So why would she date you, when
she gets everything, for free? She gets a guy hang around her, playing
hobbies, available when she needs you, spending tons of time,
conversation and all that. Why she needs to date you when she got all
this attention AND emotional support for free, no committment,
nothing, nada. zip!
2. A lover doesn’t ask permission for dating. He doesn’t even frame it as
date. He ﬂirts, he’s direct from day one and he sweeps her oﬀ her feet by
being fun, playful rather than being serious. He is bold, conﬁdent and
she be dating him without even realising she is; and kissing him etc. He
doesn’t ask for permission. He behaves as a lover, like she is MEANT to
date him. If she doesn’t behave in manner he needs, he walks away.
NEXT!

You have spent way too much time with her and so, psychologically, when a man
does that, the girl gets comfortable.
When a girl gets comfortable BEFORE attraction, you’re screwed. She can never
see you as a lover. You did not behave as a lover but a friend.
It is a classic mistake so many guys do.
It’s not new. It’s not unique.
It’s not complicated for a conﬁdent man who lives in the present.
Move on.
It is a no. So move on if you know what’s good for you.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 24 married with 1 son, I am falling in love with a 22 year old
guy, the feeling is mutual, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you’re feeling is natural. It’s called The “New Relationship Feeling.” Many
think this is falling in love but really, it is chemicals kicking oﬀ in then mind and
now in the body.
But what it needed is to manage yourself.
There is nothing wrong with having feelings for someone else. It’s natural to have
those feelings but we need to appreciate what it is for real. We need to ensure that
we don’t step over the line like it’s some ﬁx for something of a deeper issue.
Now you’re in a mess because you have invested time in some guy, a 22 year old
who knew you’re married and have a child.
Very telling about the guy himself to not be a man and manage himself to stay
away too. Instead he did same as you.
You both knew what to do from day one.
You had this feeling with your husband in the very beginning.
But it wore oﬀ.
This will happen to this 22 year old guy. it will happen with others too, on and on
it will happen. You feel the feeling, your lust is quenched and after a while it is
done for it to be renewed.
Such chemicals do not stay long but fade away.
We can call this many things..
I am not belittling your feelings by mentioning this but rather sharing the
diﬀerent names or faces it has…
New Relationship Feeling
Infatuation
Puppy love
Crush
LUST.
But what happens when this fades away?

Compatibility isn’t looking at someone who has the look, or similar interest or
how you both know how to talk to each other, and found something in common. I
can ﬁnd these in anyone in this world.
I meet many people like that.
And NONE are special and unique to me.
Each person is no diﬀerent to millions around the world. The distinguishing
thing isn’t there. There is no great diﬀerence to set them apart except maybe
familiarity.
So what makes one special and unique?
This 22 year old guy isn’t special either.
Special, unique is when one nurtures a relationship, focuses their time, and
energy with the willingness to work together for a common goal.
It is the investment one puts in and from this, comes love that surpasses the new
relationship feeling, the crush, the infatuation or puppy love…. lust.
The grass is greener where we water the most.
Look where you have been watering. Look where you’re time has been spent.
Look where you’re energy has been focused on.
What makes anyone special is not the halo eﬀect surrounding someone. It’s not
the infatuation and lust we have for someone.
It is the meaningful relationship we build with this someone and that takes one
thing which says this person is very special to us.
It is prioritising.
That’s the diﬀerence.
Prioritising what is more important.
It is overcoming together, the willingness to ﬁgure it out rather than looking for
this new relationship feelings.
Compatibility is a process.
It is an attitude of maturity.
It is the willingness to work together towards a common goal.
Happiness.
But if you invest time on the 22 year old, it is you who is making him special,
unique. You are saying he is more important than your marriage, than your
relationship with your husband and father of your child.
You’re feeding this feeling to get bigger.
See below what I mean..
Adam Taha's answer to What does The Little Prince learn from the fox?
What Should You Do?
You knew what you should do. You’re upbringing said what you needed to do.
You’re environment taught you what to do.
You hiding this from your husband reveals….how you knew what you needed to
do. Hiding and doing things behind your husband back revealed to you what is
wrong and what is right.

Focusing on someone else and emotionally cheating, being intimate with
another man if you and your husband did not agree to such things…is betraying
the trust he has in you.
You knew what you was doing. After all, you hid this from him.
Did you ask what you should do before you went ahead and invested time, energy
with the 22 year old guy?
Seek help with a relationship counsellor if you really want to sort your marriage
out and know what to do.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it OK to give up on a attractive girl I like that's incompatible
with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters, let’s look at the word “compatible.”
Society has been socially conditoned to believe that a person’s identity and
compatibility with others are determined by object values.
Things like these:
1. Interests
2. Income
3. Lifestyle
4. Looks
5. Social status
6. etc etc
So a person then tries to focus on these things or one of these things, to assume
their identity and assume that these are what makes relationships.
Well, it’s utter nonsense.
These give people excuses to one day say..
“I love you but now I am not in love with you.”
“I have changed. I am diﬀerent to who I was back then, and want diﬀerent and so
I love you but I’m not in love with you…”
What they are saying is..
“I want the NEW RELATIONSHIP FEELING. I want the lust feeling, the Boom
Boom feeling I had way back when we ﬁrst met.”
People change. Through time, people’s own opinion, values, beliefs and even
belief in god changes, to all kind of changes.
So if compatibility is based on these things society has been socially programmed
to believe, then a person will move from one person to another, to another, to
another because they think compatibility is FEELINGS.
That’s fucked up! People have been sold a lie from day they are born on what love
is, what sex is, what compatibility is.
Compatibility is….a process.
It is an attitude.

It is as an example, two people who are willing to follow a process, with an
attitude to work towards a common goal.
That goal is….happiness!
So now what is this compatibility you’re on about?
The “look.”
So it’s really then your own insecurities saying “she’s out of my league.”
I guarantee you this…
You don’t approach attractive girls because you believe you’re unattractive and
based attractive on the values society has been socially conditioned with you. So
you’re rejected yourself anyway.
In your own words..
“Well I rarely try to get attractive girls because I myself think I'm handsome but
also know I'm physically unattractive. So rarely I will try the pretty girl's I
think are cute. Even still that's 50% of girls I like that are extremely pretty. 25% I
have no chance with by careful analysis. And the other 15% I take a risk. The
last 10% I never ask…”
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I think if a guy is interested he would respond to a "favorite" or
"like" on a dating site. Are some men now so spoiled that they
require messages?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sending subtle hints, signals are not as eﬀective than putting eﬀort in by sending
messages.
1. Favourite
2. Likes
3. Votes
4. Commenting if it’s a forum or on Quora
If you like someone online, best to put eﬀort in by sending a message. For all a
guy knows, it’s a bot, someone just teasing or wanting attention.
Best to send a message stating your interest.
You’ll get better results that way.
Spoilt is clicking on favourite and think it entitles to get interest from men.
669 Views · View Upvoters

What's a guy’s biggest turn-on? What makes you like a girl a lot
even from the ﬁrst time you meet her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before the Honey Moon Is Over…
1. Her curves
2. Cute face, pretty
3. Clothes she wears
4. Isn’t shy. Friendly

5. Can talk. Hold a conversation
6. Personality
7. Gone past the drama
8. Very sexual
9. Feminine
10. Fun. Knows how to ﬂirt and don’t take things seriously.
11. Doesn’t play games like playing hard to get. It’s BORING.
AFTER the Honeymoon
Personality
Damn good at sex
Conﬁdence
Not jealous of other women (I date multiple women)
Can hold a conversation. I love talking
Has a passion i.e. art, or computer programming, etc
Fun to be with
Kind
Compassionate
No drama
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if you like a girl with a broken heart left by
another?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I’d not even bother and no, I won’t be her therapist either. She has parents, she
has relatives, she has friends, she has professionals like therapists, and a number
of guys orbiting around her who hope she be their girlfriend, to emotionally
support her like a tampon.
You can be the guy who “is like my brother, like my girlfriend, so nice. such a nice
guy.”
Me, I’d not even bother and moving ahead, fast.
All best to her but not even going to go there.
Yes, yes, I know. Some will say, “Awwww. Give her time, for her heart to heal.
Support her, be there for her, be the shoulder to cry on.”
But you know guys who do that are hoping she fall for them, date, open her legs
for them. So let’s get real here.
I’d move the hell on as fast as I could,
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

As a guy, how do you chase a girl who you've gone on two dates
with though she has been a bit distant?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This girl is not into you at all. Only when she probably bored is when she will
want to meet but her behaviour is evident that she’s not into you.

Of course most guys always rationalise…
“All I need is one more date and I can ﬁx things..”
Dating isn’t about winning a girl over and nor is it supplicating, and seeking
approval. It is to ﬁnd out if she is willing to invest.
You got your answer in her behavior.
That she isn’t willing to invest and so, you move on to other girls.
The mistake most guys make is focus on one girl and try to make this one girl,
into a relationship. Chasing…chasing when they need to invest less and not at all
if the girl is not willing to mutual invest.
Their are so blinded by their own desires they don’t see the red ﬂag because they
fear loss. Trying so hard to “ﬁx” what isn’t broken.
I have other girls I am dating, plenty of phone numbers, and focus on the girl that
gives me the mutual eﬀort to invest.
The ones who don’t, do not get my attention.
They are not a priority and I move on.
I suggest you do the same.
Don’t invest anymore and approach other girls.
Don’t focus on one girl because you then start all over again after investing much.
Rather have others you’re dating. Just be upfront you’re still dating others.
Nothing wrong with that. That’s dating until you have someone who sees eye to
eye, willing to mutually invests and you dated for sometime. It needs to be that
it’s not that hard, diﬃcult and eﬀort is both ways.
With this girl, the only want trying is you.
She’s not interested so move on.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

Girl who allegedly loves me wants me to kneel before her and
ask for forgiveness for breaking up. Is this normal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t know about some men these days. So many have become passive, timid
and putting pussy on a pedestal. You really have to ask people if this is normal.
Forget normal. What’s your self respect saying to you?
Mine will say “No. I’m not kneeling.” And I’d ﬁnish this and be over. I won’t date
her, marry her and I’d be done with her for good.
And I’m saying this here nicely.
She is trying to punish you and women punish passive timid men. Conﬁdent men
have self respect and will say no to this.
When you put ring on someone it is not based on revenge, guilt, or some
condition that is degrading.
It is done out of happiness, out of joy, out of this amazing hope one has. Now I am
not really into marriage.
But I know that when two people together, when one proposes, it’s not on some
pathetic, vindictive spitful condition.

Me. I’d be sick if I heard that. That would turn me oﬀ a woman instantly, and I’d
look at her and think,”Not in a million years. It is over, done.”
She is psychologically trying to put you down and making you even more passive
and timd, so she can fuck you over, through life, and will make your life a misery.
You think it be over after this?
She’d be bring it up over and over again.
She’d make it a reason to mess with your head again and again.
You’ll be like this guy here...
Whenever my girlfriend doesn't feel well and wants to sleep alone, she locks me
out of the bedroom. Is this selﬁsh of her?
Don’t explain. Don’t apologise. Don’t ask her what’s wrong. She is testing your
frame. Let her go. Walk away. It will never be the way it is back then.
You deserve better than this.
Any man and any woman deserves better than this.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Will a girl make a move on a shy boy if she knows that he likes
her but is too shy to make a move?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In the fantasy land, she will see the guy, and run to him and say to him..
“The ﬁrst time I saw you, I knew you’re the one.”
“Me too! Ooooh baby. Let us be Vampires together!”
“Yes Bite me!”
:D
The real world is far removed from the Hollywood/Bollywood movies, Romance
novels where a woman sees a guy and she will ﬁght through crowd in a night club,
or street or whatever.
In the real world girls be like..
1. What if he doesn’t like me?
2. What if he sees me as sex and nothing else? (roll eyes)
3. People are looking. What if he gets oﬀended LOUDLY?
4. What will my friends think?
5. Have I done my hair ?
6. Are aliens real?
7. Does my tits look ok in this?
8. Hope my ass doesn’t look too small/big in these. Do they?
9. Wait! What if he has a girlfriend already?
10. What if he…says…no?
11. How can I handle the rejection?
12. Oh shit, have I missed the sales season or have I got time?
13. What if the Matrix is real and I am…the one?
14. But won’t he think I’m a slut, a whore, too easy?
15. Oh god, what do I do?

16. Ohh look…she has amazing shoes. The bitch!
17. Wait! where did he go. Damn it! He’s Gooooooooooooooooone! Did he
like me?
Then she’ll cone Quora and ask..
“I saw him and he dissappeared like a Vampire. Just…gone! What does it all mean?
What should I do?”
She’ll have a million things going round her mind. She will pretend to not be
interested.
You know, like most guys who over think about girls and dating.
On top of this, she is shy!
Now do the numbers.
Add all the above and she is shy too!
If the guy is shy too…well…we got ourselves a check mate ;)
It’s why I just approach.
8k Views · View Upvoters

Guys, do you like a girls hair in a low bun?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every guy is going to diﬀerent and there’s billions of us on this planet. Asking this
question is only going to frustrate any girl who tries to change to ﬁt a certain type
of guy because all guys are just diﬀerent.
So it’s best a girl is just being confortable with how she wants to have her hair.
Just be yourself in such things. If you like your hair down, have it down. If you
like it in a low bun, then do so.
Just be your personality, rather than ﬁtting to a guy’s requirement.
You want to focus on something? Focus on..
1. Being Approachable. Smile at the guy you like.
2. Wave at him to come over. Be conﬁdent or approach him.
3. Dress up great always and let it ﬁt YOUR personality.
4. Smell nice and be good at socialising, conversing.
5. Hit the gym, get ﬁt. It increases conﬁdent and eat healthy.
Personally, I like a woman with her hair ﬂowing down.
Why?
When I am with a woman I like to brush her hair back a little, touch her face, and
kiss her. I like to run my ﬁngers through her hair when I pin her to wall, or when
sitting, or when we’re standing somewhere waiting for tube train, and just stare
into her eyes…then lips…eyes…lips and…kiss her.
But then again, we’re all diﬀerent.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

How come I pull in men so easily and quickly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s because…
1. You have great shaped tits and ass ;)
That’s really it. I’m just stating the reality here and how it is especially if the guys
are teenagers at school, parties, beach etc.
You have great shaped tits and ass. That’s really the reason why most guys will be
approaching in such numbers.
17.4k Views · View Upvoters

I told a boy that I like him, but he didn't say a word, why?
What's the meaning?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman comes up to me and says “I like you,” then ok but don’t expect
anything else if you can’t even follow through.
“I like you.”
Me in my mind “so what?”
I like ﬁsh and chips. I like the woman who works in a shop. I like food. I like
drinking. I like lots of people. I like weekends.
It doesn’t mean anything to a guy.
The “what does it mean?” is where you need to answer not the guy. You needed to
be more clear and follow through..
“Hey, I really like you, AND…I like to get to know you more, so we can go out
together. What’s your number.”
See now it is very clear to the guy?
In fact you could even ﬂirt, converse, touch his arm, like physical conversation,
laugh at his lame jokes, make him feel alive, show you’re personality and when
done, you can say something like..
“You know I wasn’t sure about approaching you, and talking with you but
since we have, I’m glad I did.
Now you can add the goal part..
I like to continue conversation another time. What’s you’re number so we
can go on out together.”
He got to see something about you, you’re fun, you’re not drama, you’re conﬁdent
and shown a reason why to say yes to dating you.
You could be talking to a young guy who has no experience whatsoever and isn’t
even going to lead. So if you say, “I like you,” and he hasn’t the experience or
conﬁdence, he’s just going to shrug his shoulders or say nothing at all.
So next time, be clear on what you want out of him instead of being afraid of
rejection, of being judged or accepted by saying..
“Hey, I really like you, AND…I like to get to know you more, so we can go out
together. What’s your number.”
Now we’re talking. Now you’re saying what it is you want.
Because saying “I like you” doesn’t say what you want. It’s just a statement.
Nothing in it to say what it is you want.

It’s sending mixed signals if you want more.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why does he want to get to know me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be the following…
He was seeing you from a far sometime but he never brought up the courage to
approach you since that year.
Probably has a crush on you and didn’t have balls to say it.
Since it was the last week of the senior year, he tried but it was one weak ass
approach. He is interested in you, hoping to date you.
If he left a number in book or if you got contact details send him a text. Not some
boring hi but something like..
“Hey there’s a place to check out, like to come out for a drink blah blah.”
Or he was attracted to you there and then. He was indirectly trying to say he like
to go out with you, date you, etc.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do good guys feel about bad girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Deﬁne what you mean bad girls?
Is it girls who steal, rob, cheat, date married men who are not in a polygamous
relationship, so they are having secret aﬀairs?
Or do you mean the bullshit that comes from societal programing where girls who
date guys, have sex on ﬁrst date, who are more sexual as other girls and conﬁdent
and not apologetic about their sexuality?
You know, girls who didn’t fall for the nonsense of labels like “sluts, whore, too
easy,” and realised these are nothing more but inventions to make them fear their
own sexuality and control them.
The so called “bad girl” projected by mainstream media, movies, hollywood,
romance novels?
Because these are not bad girls to me.
They are human being with own desires and conﬁdent, secure to live by their
own rules than the rules dictated by society, social norms, customs, traditions
and what is favourable in society.
So deﬁne “bad girl.”
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

On a ﬁrst date, is it OK to shake hands or just say 'Hi'?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

By the time I meet the woman face to face on a date, they know we’re going to
hug, kiss, and that’s because I didn’t play it safe.
See more step by step details on my quora blog:

Work Yourself Up Touching And Kissing A Woman? by Adam Taha on Dating And
Relationships Lyrics By Adam
That’s what approaching and screening is about.
That’s what texting and phone is used as well.
That’s what having a conversation before you meet suppose to solve.
If that isn’t known before hand then people playing safe and following some
social norm, traditions, or seeking acceptance and fear losing the woman/man.
If she isn’t into what’s going to happen, there is no use meeting up because I am
not into meeting for friendship. She can meet someone else who wants to behave
shake hands and act all serious and formal.
Every time I meet a woman for dating, we’re smiling, embracing and kissing.
Before we meet, it has been been sorted out.
I assume she is my girlfriend and haven’t had any woman who meets me go nuts
about it. More like, it was very refreshing and all awkwardiness is gone before we
meet. So the experience is fun, playful and we’re having a great romantic time.
Again, the process on how I do this is in link below:
Work Yourself Up Touching And Kissing A Woman? by Adam Taha on Dating And
Relationships Lyrics By Adam
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to tell a girl that you like her over text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will say no.
Let me explain why…
I was coming back from Night Club, sitting on Tube train and a ball went ﬂying
and hit me on my arm. You know these hard small plastic balls, like they use
when playing Squash?
It was one of those.
I turned to see 3 women giggling far back in corner.
Now I could have got up, took ball, walked over and ﬂirted. I didn’t. I was with
another attractive woman. I could have approached because the women I am
with know I date other women too.
Doing so would not been great feeling for woman I’m with. She wouldn’t have
mind but I know, deep inside it wouldn’t been right.
Now what has this got to do with your question?
Imagine, if i didn’t have an attractive woman with me, and I approachd the girl
who threw the ball, and who waved, smiled. I then ﬂirted, got her number, texted
later and we dated.
Picture the amazing story she will tell to her friends on how we met and the
feeling she has when her story beats theirs.
That’s what you rob her from experiencing.
Her story.

Millions of romance novels sold every year. A story of a man of conﬁdence
approaching a woman. He just walks right up to her and gives her strong eye
contact, a smile and calmly ﬂirts, arouses her, is playful and asks her out.
Songs are being sold in the millions of some guy who sweeps a girl oﬀ her feet by
approaching her face to face.
Music videos of a woman excitedly sits with her friend as she tells them how she
met this guy who stumbled his way to ﬂirt, converse, being playingful, conﬁdent
to then ask her out.
That’s what you rob her from experiencing.
Even in wedding, the groom will tell a story on how he just got married to as
people start laughing, amazed by the story as she blushes but deep inside, she
loves the story.
Even the best man tells a story about how groom and bride met.
That’s what you rob her from experiencing.
The story.
I never ask a girl who I like for a number until I have ﬂirted, being playful, created
tension, then asked her out. If all well, I then ask for her number. I ﬁrst create the
story and it is why I am creative when approaching.
And the way I do things is done with the knowledge of how important the story is.
Stories are remembered. You become memorable out of so many wussy guys who
cannot approach girls, and try to avoid this steos.
So I make sure, I approach and give her that story.
Once I approached a group of girls who were sitting at a cafe. I approached with a
pad and said,..
“Hold it right there, I just got to draw you.”
I started scribbling away, drawing, like I was concentrating big time. Then I
showed her the drawing. It was a draeing of a stick drawing of a woman. She burst
out laughing and hit me on my arm.
Her friends looked at me and laughed.
This girl would tell all her friends how we met.
She’d tell them this story.
Another time, I approached a women at a bar doing something, and I kept doing
this one thing until I got to one woman who was friendly, and..
“Hi, I’m writing a book about dating and I wondered if you can help.”
“Yes?”
“Which of these pick up lines are the worse?”
So I show her 3 of some crazy pick up lines and it made her smile. Then she told
me some she had before.
We talked some more, ﬂirted, physical touch, kissed, got her number and later on
in week we dated. So imagine, I had go through 20 rejections, going to 3 bars, and
then getting a yes from her.
Whenever people asked..
“So how did you both meet?”

I’d say “ask her she’ll tell you.” And her eyes would light up and she would tell the
story and her friends are like..
“How come I never get approached like that?!”
That’s what you rob her from experiencing and having.
The story. Her story.
So forget texting a girl and telling her you like her. That’s passive. That’s timid
and you just killed the romance.
Also, it is a weak ass strategy.
You need to be face to face, make her feel alive, be playfun, light hearted, show
her your personality and reason…to say…YES.
You can, right there and then follow up to ask her out.
So ﬁrst…
1. Go one step back and leave the texting for later. Approach her face to
face, ﬂirt, be playful, have fun with her.
2. Paint a picture of what can happen with you and her. Tell her of places
you know, and how she can have fun being at such places.
3. Now, ask her out. Don’t keep ﬂirting. You need to now ask her out and
suggest a place you’ll take her or something you’ll do together. No
resturants. No movies. This is about walking, connecting, talking,
ﬂirting, fun, not sitting watching movie or hours in resturant sitting
opposite each other. Walk, experience diﬀerent places, have fun. Give
her more stories!
4. You already got her number, so tell her, “I hope you’re fun with texting as
you are with talking face to face.” Now she knows you’re going to still ﬂirt
but you’re going to also lead to a date, time to meet.
Don’t text telling her you like her. It’s not going to do much for you as it would if
you ﬁrst approach with conﬁdence face to face.
Let her have her story.
23.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by James McPherson

When did you ﬁnd out that you were not young anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The sky was burning in the day. It was like someone lit a big massive paper over
the sky, poured gasoline and lit a match to it.
People running all over the place.
Bullets whizzing over my head.
Limbs on streets like they were torn oﬀ from manquinns.
A car jumps high into the car as it burst into ﬂames. Another scream ﬂoats
towards me. People throw in the air like ragged dolls. Homes dissapearing into
the swarms of ashe to suddenly see many have crumbled.
I’m looking at hell on earth, feeling numb and unafraid because I don’t know
what to feel anymore. This shit was happening a lot and so, when it happens a lot
and you’re ﬁghting just for a slice of bread, you become numb inside.
The revolution has began and no one knew what it stood for.

No one really gave a damn except the tribes and politicians who were ﬁghting for
something, that was far from the freedom the people wanted. Something they
themselves forgot exists a long time ago.
Strange how when you hate something and you say you’d never be such a thing
and you end up becoming the very image of what you said you’d never be.
Power corrupts.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
It was the same so called revolution that happened a year ago, and a year after
that, and years after that. Same old story, same old lies and same old results. More
wars. More guns from another country. More bullets from another country.
Someone is making a lot of money from these wars.
As I got as far as I could from the choas, I watched from the top of a mountain as
the city burned to create a new monster for the future. I knew then, a monster will
one day rise from the ashes and it will happen all over again.
I have made money singing in those same streets. I have survived making money
from tourists to live another day.
I have looked after some friends and families.
I have debated days and weeks, and months with oﬃcials to give me my papers.
Sometimes with threats of all kinds until they gave me them.
I found out I wasn’t young anymore at the age of….9 years old.
I felt old, tired, worn out. Like a 50 years gone through me and I’ve seen many a
things most adults shouldn’t see and feel.
If you asked same question to kids there, they’d same the same. They don’t see
old as time, but of the measure of experience they’ve been through.
It is tiring, exhuasting, you really do feel old.
I remember what I thought..
“Somethings never change.”
I was one of the lucky ones who got away.
Here’s the weirdest thing though.
Now I am much older in age…I feel so damn young.
I am in my 40’s and I feel very young, like I am in my 20’s, doing things like I am
20 year old do, feel like a 20 year old, full of energy, and vigour and hope. Each
day, each second, each breath is gold to me.
Even the turning of the tap of water ﬂowing which I would have travelled for
miles on end to get and even then it wouldn’t be clean. Here I am turning tap on
and I am still at awe of such things.
I am dating young women.
Dancing and doing moves most guys can’t fathom where does the energy come
from. The older I get, the younger I feel.
Maybe it’s all to do with the mind.
;)
32 Views · View Upvoters

My gf has no productive habits, lacks passion and seems
aimless, can you suggest any good book that I can gift her that
will address the said problems?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won’t do anything. Let her ﬁgure out everything herself.
But I will suggest a book for you…
The Rules Of Love by Richard Templer
Because you’re about to break one of the rules in love relationships and I’d
suggest getting this book and reading it yourself.
But for her, let her be.
You just take her out without saying anything, exposing her to many diﬀerent
activities, from art shows, cooking shows, martail arts, checking our writers
signing autographs, and many diﬀerent events.
Go out together and have fun. See the world.
Let her soak it all in without you saying a word and pointing, and suggesting
anything to her about her direction/life.
You just go out together and experience stuﬀ together.
Maybe even go on a holiday to spain, paris, Italy, see the world, check some places
out which will open your mind and hers.
Like you are both having fun time just going out.
But trying to solve a problem is something man got to do when he should do
nothing of such thing. Instead just live, enjoy her company instead of letting your
Parent Ego and Professor Ego state take over.
She will ﬁnd what she wants in her own time.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What will you do that most people won't?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I will approach very attractive women, ﬂirt, converse and ask them out.
Most men won’t do this and for sure, majority of women also won’t be
approaching men. If you don’t believe me, take a look on Quora ;)
You can advise many of them, and many of them will not take action. You can
answer all their questions and many of them will still ask more questions but
never, take action. They want everything to be perfect before they take action in
approaching..
“Adam, what shall I do. I see girls and I get stuck and not approach..”
Asked by many who receieved ton of answers from me but they don’t…take…
action. Most never will and it is why I now do not answer questions when
someone sends private messages. I know no matter how I answer, they will not
take action until they had enough.
2. I will also sexualise verbally and by text which most guys won’t. Most be
terriﬁed they’d lose the women because she be oﬀended. Apologetic about what
they want and desire.

And yet, what a surprise, most women and women I desire to attract ﬁnd it
refreshing and works ﬁne for me. And any women say, “if it was me I’d..” I don’t
care. So no use saying it.
3. I will ensure woman knows before we meet, we will kiss, hug, hold hands by
using role playing, with texting and phone.
4. I will not ask permission to kiss as it has already been sorted long before I meet
the women I date. So I will meet, immediately embrace, kiss and hold hands.
5. I also walk into night clubs and go to everyone saying “Hi, how you doing,
having fun? Awesome.”
6. If a woman says “all you men care about is sex,” I won’t behave apologetically.
I’d reply, “Is that all you women ever fucking think about? Sex, sex, sex. Get your
head out of the gutter. Are you having fun or what?”
Most guys will be passive and timid and let woman talk like that to them.
I don’t.
7. If there’s a job with big wage, and big project role, I apply for it without thinking
I’m not good enough. Even if I haven’t the qualiﬁcations. I will go for it.
8. I won’t have sex just because a woman is attractive. The appearance gets my
attention but….if I ﬁnd the personality is shit, if she doesn’t give me respect, if
she acts like drama queen, plays hard to get, we won’t be dating.
9. If I see a member of staﬀ, manager, a boss treat a team member with disrespect,
making them feel down, I will pull the manager or boss, and have a word with
them. It’s going to stop.
I have resigned twice for seeing CEOs and Managers treating others like shit and
faced them head on. I don’t care if I lose wages, money or end in street. I’ve been
there and when you hit rock bottom before, you don’t fear it.
I am easy to get along with but one thing I cannot stand, is bullies. Someone
hurting others. Something inside me just goes crazy. I can’t just watch idly seeing
it happen and do nothing. I got to do something.
10. I will never mess with my friends girlfriend or wife.
I have seen it happen, seen how much hurt it can cause. I do not like my friends
being hurt and sometimes, there are things I cannot do to help them. These
things are out of my control to help them and it’s their business.
But this, I can do.
To not mess with their girlfriend or wife. It is so easy to do but I always made sure
to not do so. My friends can always trust me in these matters.
11. Call my website I’m launching in future with an outrageous sexy name, and
has no relevance of keywords and instead a name that makes people blush, or
smile, or laugh, and that makes it all memorable.
Calling my future products in similar fashion but still has cohesion with website
and all I do….so expect some outrageous, hardcore XXX extra plus when my blog
is up when it comes to dating advise :D
38.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys choose beautiful girls over ugly but good-hearted
ones?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same way it is for men, it is for women too:

1. Just because a girl is nice doesn't entitle her to date a guy
2. Just because she's good hearted, which by the way no one really knows
as everyone wears social mask, doesn't entitle her to attract and date
guys.
3. Just because she has a great personality, doesn't entitle her to attract and
date guys.
4. Just because she has a degree doesn't entitle her to attract and date guys
5. Just because she comes from a good family, whatever that means,
doesn't entitle her to attract and date a guy
6. Just because she's ugly+good hearted + wonderful personality + degree +
comes from a good family + collects money for charity... doesn't entitle
her to attract and date guys.
We are wired to be attracted to women we …..ﬁnd attractive and there’s nothing
wrong with that either.
No one should be made to feel guilty dating women of their choice and who they
think is attractive to them.
Being good hearted isn’t enough for men to suddenly see a woman to be
attractive. She has to do something, she has to know how to attract a man. She
has to ﬁgure it out the way men have to ﬁgure it out.
8.6k Views · View Upvoters

Will my friend judge me if I told him that I liked him and
confessed to having a crush on him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

UPATE…has someone changed the question?
I’m sure it was diﬀerent last time. More like “will my friends judge me if I tell them
I have a crush on someone else?”
Maybe I was drinking too much last night ;)
let’s update the answer…
People judge anyway. People come with perceptions and all sorts in their head.
You’re friend probably knows you like him/her because you might have already
behaved in a certain manner.
Our body gives oﬀ a language we call subcommunication.
So we may think we hid our feelings but the way we behave around this person
can give oﬀ signals to the other person’s unconscious mind.
The thing that will get your friend is the deception idea that you made friends
with them because you wanted to date them kind of thing. You probably didn’t
make friends for such an agenda but it maybe your friend thinks that way.
I am not saying you did that by the way. I’m just throwing it out there, that you’re
friend might already know, he/she might assume something after you tell them
due to all sorts already in their mind.
Maybe from past experiences. Maybe they are judgemental anyway. Maybe they
are insecure anyway. Maybe he or she is a bitch anyway. You won’t know and nor
will we until you say it to them to see their behaviour.
Everyone is diﬀerent, with diﬀerent mindset and maturity.

I don’t know you’re friend so I won’t know.
Personally, I don’t like falling for people who are friends.
I have many women who are friends.
Even though they are attractive, there is something that prevents me to become
sexually physical and date them.
It’s for a good reason too.
It just attracts too much drama. It’s just gets too messy and it’s far too close to
home if something goes wrong. They be everywhere I go in my social circle and I
rather not have that.
I like to keep my social circle far away from dating relationships. It’s just far too
close to home and I enjoy friendship. I pride myself in being trusting to people
around me in the social circle.
So even if love to have physical sexual intimacy with women I know, there is
always something that will always hold me back.
A woman knows in my social circle, that if she invited me to her home, which has
happened often by diﬀerent women…I won’t think it’s sexual. Only if she says it
by her own word and even then…I’d will politely decline.
I will do it in a way not to create awkwardiness and drama. There is no need to
make someone else feel bad about asking one out or trying.
If you’re scared to lose a friend, if you feel you’re not emotionally strong and
mindset wise to face awkwardiness if it happens….then probably don’t tell your
friend.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

There is a girl on my Aikido training, how do I ask for her
number...or facebook?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re putting her on a pedestal. You’re in a place where you need to demonstrate
status and you do that by being a warior.
Warriors approach in a way they don’t be shy about it.
She’s in a place of Masculine, Martial arts so you need to show you’re not
intimidated. Approach and talk to her.
You can go and ask her a question.
1. Attraction. Open with a question.
Approach and show conﬁdence. Smile and say, “hey, I got a question for
you.” Then ask it. The question isn’t as important as you showing
conﬁdence and just being playful.
2. Transition to a Conversation
“You know I was talking to a friend of mine, and we were discussing the
type of girl he’d date. He said a girl who can cook. I said to him, a girl that
knows how to throw me on ﬂoor just once.”
3. Qualiﬁcation. She has to show interest.
Smile and then move it too..
“Now here’s the thing. Can you throw me once on ﬂoor. Just once Hmmm”

Then smile. Be conﬁdent man. Walk up to the middle of mat and use
your hands gesturing for her to step up.
If she’s interested, she will qualify to be the date by throwing you on ﬂoor and
when she does, don’t make it easy. You have given her an excuse without being so
blatant about it to say she’s interested in you.
When she achieves throwing you on ﬂoor, smile, laugh and say..
“Ok that was pure luck. If you do it again, drinks on me” (smile.)
There we go.
Now just approach and do that.
427 Views · View Upvoters

I've been dating and living with this girl for a couple of months.
Should I end this relationship if she really loves me but I love
this other girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You moved in with a girl at such a short time for the wrong reasons. Thinking love
conquers all.
You knew you wasn’t into her that much and yet, you moved in because you
thought her love will change you to love her the way she passionately loves you.
Being with someone and moving in with someone is a big decision.
You don’t take things like that likely.
Learn your lesson.
Love is never enough.
Love does not conquer all.
You now got to say to this girl who is passionate about you, it is over. Do the right
thing, and don’’t be passive, timid about it by waiting for more time because you
can’t face up to saying it to her.
It’s not fair on this girl. She is going to get hurt and that is part of life. So just let
her know fast, immediately. Don’t wait.
Next time, don’t do things because someone is pushing for it. Instead, do the
right thing. You need more than love to make a relationship work.
Don’t move in with a girl until you have dated for years and do it because you’re
into her, because you want to and not because the girl is pushing you.
709 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl ignores you one day and seems
suddenly interested the other day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl is playing.
How long you’ve been texting. You needed to lead to a date.
Did you approach her in beginning showing intent and she qualiﬁed in showing
she is interested in you?
Goal for texting is lead to the date
If not, you’re wasting your time.

What I do when they send such messages, I don’t continue. Until she sends
message that is my standard, she gets nothing.
Then if she does, no problem…I now send but texting shouldn’t be about
conversing back and forth for weeks and months. It’s about building attraction
fast to lead to the date.
Remember the goal.
None of this texting for weeks and months. That’s for chumps.
Also…
I never, focus on one girl. I approach many and that way you’re not needy, you’re
not wondering what is happening, what one girl is doing this or that.
You also have balls to say whatever you want which is what I do. It removes fear of
loss when you got lots of numbers and girls texting you, and you work to lead to a
date and not conversing by text.
Don’t waste time conversing by text. Push it so they meet and if the girl doesn’t,
she is not worth your time. She is playing.
If she ﬂakes she is playing.
So if you are all wondering why she does this and that, then you’re focusing on
one girl. Get approaching other girls and believe, when you got 10 girls texting
you, you won’t even give a shit what this one girl is doing.
You won’t have time to do so.
Text you’re receiving won’t get my time of day.
I’m not desperate. I won’t reply until she starts showing eﬀort. I’ll be focusing on
other girls than her.
19.8k Views · View Upvoters

I make girls feel attracted to me very fast, but their attraction
fades away as fast. What do I do wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re focusing far too much on just attraction and leaving other phases. There is
an emotional progression…
Attraction + qualiﬁcation + comfort +seduction.
Qualiﬁcation is when she works for your compliments, making sure you don’t
show you’re desperate and needy. Also you’re not falling for games some girls
play. She needs to show she is interested in you.
Qualiﬁcation can also be you saying a statement..
“When I ﬁrst met you I wasn’t sure because let’s face it, beauty is just far too
common. But when I got to know you, I began to see much more of you and you’re
quite interesting to speak with..”
It can be when she touches…
“Hey, we haven’t even dated, eloped, got married with 6 children and you’re already
touching the merchandise. Hands of (smile).”
I’m just giving an example, you ﬁgure out your way.
Make it fun, tease, ﬂirt.

Comfort begins at the end of the qualiﬁcation phase, and it should be where it’s
very clear both of you are interested in each other.
If I ﬁnd in qualifying phase she isn’t showing interest, I’m not going any further.
Most guys so desperate, they are orbiting around girl, supplicating to girls,
chasing but it’s not going to go anywhere.
Girls playing, psychologically putting guys down to be passive and timid. It’s not
going to happen with me. I qualify, I need to know she’s interested and if she
doesn’t show it, I’m not moving further. I’m moving on.
That’s what qualiﬁcation is for. For girls to show interest and if they doesn’t show
then it’s over. NEXT. Move on.
Comfort is the longest phase because you’re now working towards deeper
connection in knowing each other. If she is not comfortable then seduction phase
is not going to happen.
Comfort is when you’re out dating and also you can do some on text and phone
too. But not too much. More obviously is done when conversing face to face when
walking, sitting down close together etc.
Physical conversation will play a part of the process as well.
When comfort phase is done, then sexual behaviour happens, like the
escalation of touching, kissing while being in a private place i.e. apartment
to lead to sexual activity.
Oh and by the way, it doesn’t mean just cause seduction happens you don’t
continue to make a girl comfortable.
After comfort is sedution phase.
Within these phases is the knowledge and skill for the conversation
phases…
1. Focus conversation
2. Intrigue/Curiousity conversation (story telling, metaphors, fun games,
indirectly not too much sexual too. Physical conversation).
3. Connection conversation (again metaphors, storytelling, increased
indirect sexualisation)
4. Sexual desire; conversation (indirect, intensifying sexualisation with
metaphors, storytelling, physical conversation etc)
Focus for now in knowing how to qualify and build comfort and not just
attraction with girls. You’re focusing far too much on attraction and not enough
in the qualifying and comfort.
You might also playing safe, too slow, and not leading to dates.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Will my dream of living in London or any city in England ever
come true?
Adam Taha, marketing
Answered May 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it is but he must stop thinking if it’s possible and get the work necessary
done. So to stop worrying and get to work on the following.
He needs to show proof, a reason for a company in UK to invest in him. He must
show that investing in him is good value.
In other words…

1. Focus on ﬁrst ﬁnding work in the country he is in. Create a history, a
track record so when time comes he can get positive, impressive
references. He cannot mess up with this step.
2. Build a portfolio of work. Work hard with the company he is in and build
an impressive portfolio.
3. As that’s done, spend time using social media like Twitter to connect
with people who work in companies.
Build alliances, friends, get to know them and in doing so, they will
recipocrate to help you. It takes time building connections and for
people to trust him.
A CV can only take you far and so can a portofolio. Build connections
starting right now and when time comes, he’ll get help. People love
helping others if the trust is there. If it makes them also look good in the
company they are in.
4. Be patient as this takes time. Focus on the job at hand and keep doing so
with positive attitude.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Relationships: My girlfriend got very angry at me. What should
I text to impress her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t approach a girl to impress and win her over. You also don’t text a girl to
impress and win her over.
Now if you got her number because you approached and she has shown she’s
willing to invest in you, then here’s what I do.
This is a real live example of texting.
When I approached her ﬁrst time, I found out she is into movies, zombie movies.
Also I met her when she’s dressed as a nurse.
I use this to Role Play. I don’t say “Hey it’s me, met you at blah blah.”
Instead I start immediately with fun, by role playing..
Day 1
This is Adam Paiging Abby. Come in Abby. Zombies are on the move.
Her - LOL. How many are there?
Me - Too many. We need your Kunfu nursing moves. (she’s a nurse)
Few hours later..
Her I love Zombie movies (she told me when we talkd while back so use it for role
play)
Me - Bring your long black sexy boots and whip for battle
Her - So I’m your side kick? <<< texted me really late. I didn’t reply.
Day 2
Me - You can be anything you want just bring your ass over
Her - I will but only if you buy me a drink
Me - You have to work hard for that. Work it ;)
Her - Won’t I look stupid at my age Tweking. I’m 30!
3 Hours later…
Me - Meh. You’ll look young when with me
Her - Hahaha. Thanks! You so bad. Trouble.

Day 3
Me - Yes I am but I can leave you to those goofy nice guys :P
Her - NOO! Please no. I cannot stand nice guys.
Day 5…..
Me - Congratualtions
Her - For what?
Me - Congratulations. I was thinking about you. How was your day?
Her - LOL. You’re so full of it aren’t you
Me - If you want some of that as well, I will oblige
Her - Tell me more
Me - Showing is where it’s at
Her - :D I’m curious now
Day 6 - Texting frequence has increased from her side. It’s time to lead to
what texting is for….the goal…dating.
Me - I’m meeting friend at (name of club) 9pm. Invitation only and only sexy hot
dressed people are allowed. You’re in?
Her - Yes. I ﬁnish ay 8pm but I can be there at 10.30pm
Me - Text me. I’ll let you know where I’m at
As you can see I didn’t impress her. I don’t play safe and I’m not apologetic about
who I am. I know who I am and I don’t need woman’s approval, or acceptance.
The steps..
1. Don’t impress.
2. Be conﬁdent as this shows high value. Behaviour is your status.
3. Use role play
4. Be light hearted and fun
5. Keep text short not long winded text.
6. Build on attraction to lead to a date.
7. Non romance talk. Sexualise indirectly.
Don’t text to impress. Many will and you won’t stand out from the many guys
who are already texting her.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

A girl gave me her number but seemed like she didn't wanted
to. Should I text her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t listen to her friend because sometimes jelousy is involved. Second,
sometimes girls get nervous. I had that but when I text and we later talked, and
later dated, she later told me she was very nervous.
So best bet, to follow through.
Just go through the motion and if you ﬁnd no response then let it go. Always
follow through and that’s only way you’ll know. You’re not chasing. You’re just
following up to give her the chance.
You’re not going to invest a lot. You’re just going to text or call and if you ﬁnd she
isn’t interested, move on.
Just don’t assume and don’t listen to someone’s friend telling you. Take what
their friends say with a pinch of salt.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do so many guys believe that looks are an important factor
to women when it comes to dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The day we are born, we are screwed. The day we are born and we grow, we see
those story books of handsome knights and pretty princesses. We are hammered
left, right and centre about the look.
We are socially conditiond and someone making a lot of money:
1. Romance Novels
2. Hollywood Movies
3. Magazine covers
4. Fitness magazines
5. Comericials
6. Billboards
7. Magazines
8. Fashion
Then we get to school and we get hammered even more. Trends, who is popular,
who is not, who has sex more, who dated more, what is cool, what is not.
And if that’s not enough, we also got centuries of brain washing to make us feel
guilty about our sexuality, our bodies, our looks, about sex, with the invention of
modesty and shame.
With it comes the labels of sluts, whores, too easy, player, manwhore and usually
by those who don’t get some, or jelous, or got rejected, or they think their ideals is
better than someone else. Or by people insecure about their own sexuality and
think sex is intimacy when it’s not.
Everywhere we go, you see images about looks and competiting. If you go to night
clubs which cosy £50 to get in you’ll see many peackcocking their looks and
you’ll plenty of women doing it but they do it to get attention away from other
women so guys look at them.
So lots of it going on from day we are born to competing with Jonesies with cars,
house, social status, income, credit cards, followers on social media etc.
Until we got most men and women thinking looks are so important.
It’s socially conditioned. Years of it for most men and women thinking looks is so
important factor for dating.
;)
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I accept that no woman will ever be attracted to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I realize how amazing and accomplished with diverse interests.
You already put women you meet on a pedestal and here’s why. Society has been
socially conditioned to identify our value as accomplishments, jobs, income, car,
ﬂashy clothes and diverse interest to be the sum of who we are.
That these make our identity.

But from my life, woman I dated, who were lawyers, doctors, computer
programers, art curators, dated me when I was…unemployed. The reason they
did had nothing to do with diverse interest, accomplishments, jobs, income.
Sure, later on I achieved success in my life and I attracted more attractive women
and income only helped me to access more resources. I still didn’t talk about my
income, job, interests and in fact, when women asked, I made fun of it, and that
got them even more curiois.
In fact compatibility is also a load of bullshit.
People’s values change through living life and so their opinions change, their
values may diﬀer later on, their beliefs too.
So compatibility I learnt from early is not about ﬁnding someone of same interest
but rather it means, that people are willing to work together, towards a common
real goal called…happiness.
Compatibility is an attitude. A process.
So all this…
“I love you but not in love with you now” means “I want that new FEELING of the
New Relationship again.”
And when we dated, relationship, sex etc… they didn’t know about my interest,
my values, my passion, my job, my income. Men talk too much because they want
to be accepted and supplicate to women.
I don’t supplicate because I know it’s about feelings, making woman feel alive,
feel safe, feel secure, feel desired without being needy.
They just knew words I said to them but not all words are equal. I don’t talk like
many men when I talk to women.
Women just felt something by the words I used, the body language when we
interacted and expereinecs we had together.
They knew my attitude because my attitude towards life was in my behaviour and
it never is passive or timid.
What did these women know?
They knew how they…………felt.
Woman want a man who desires them not to need them. To make them feel
special and unique not supplicate them.
It’s about feelings.
2. How can I accept no woman will be attracted to me
Women, at a deep unconscious level, want a man who is likeness of a hero, and a
hero I’m talking about isn’t the one who saves the woman.
They want a man who knows himself, who knows his self worth. They have been
conditioned for years on man of Masculinity and wired to an unconscious level to
be drawn to a man who is strong, who is certain, who is secure. I don’t mean
muscles either.
And what ignites a woman’s emotions isn’t the real world.
They can get the real world, the job, the income, then money but the sexual
experience, meaning the emotions, the feelings, their heart racing, their
imagination ﬂying is something else.
That’s what most men cannot do.

They want the romance but not in way most men think.
It is a Hero, the Masculine, who is of dominance nature and I don’t mean
shouting like a gorrilla, but a man who knows his self worth. He’s conﬁdent and
he has the charisma when he walks into a place.
A man who doesn’t behave like a victim but of internal self power.
He knows he got value to oﬀer to the world and he never, ever says he doesn’t. He
knows he does. If he feels something wanting he doesn’t cry about it but he goes
and make something of it.
He learns and keeps investing himself.
No woman or man, or company is going to tell him otherwise.
When a man doesn’t give up on what he wants, he’s attractive. That doesn’t mean
chasing the same women when she rejects but he doesn’t give up in learning to
attract women and he doesn’t complain about it.
He gets better at it. He ﬁgures it out. He solves problems in his own life.
When women rejects and he is not swayed, that is attractive. When a man isn’t
swayed and his state of frame stays strong, he’s attractive.
3. It is not meant to be for me to be intimate with anyone romantically
You’re 23 years old and you’re talking like a 8o year old who supposed to have
lived the full life.
Women language isn’t about physical real world but emotional. Yes, they got
logic, of course they have but to connect…is very diﬀerent. It’s a language of it’s
own, and most men don’t know it.
You’re focusing on…
details
facts,
ﬁgures
Interests
She can get this everyday at work, when she goes shopping, when she buys, when
she’s at home organising…details…facts…ﬁgures. She can get this from an army
of men. I mean any man.
But not feelings.
She cannot get the experience that makes her feel unique and special. And don’t
ask me how because I cannot teach that in one answer or in an hour either.
People sending me messages think I’m going to belittle the knowledge and
experience I’ve learnt over the years with one answer. Lazy is what most people
are and expect free handed down to them.
You have what people 70 years ago didn’t have.
Knowledge, millions of books on conﬁdence, psychology of women, social
dynamics, conversation skills and much more online to read or buy. From
training to seminars and yet, with all this people say..
“I don’t know anything” or “how do I talk to women.”
Laziness. The fast world and far too lazy to go and learn, do the work as I did and
as many like me did. No one taught us shit. We had to do it ourselves approaching
women in diﬀerent environments.

There will always be someone with more money, more cars, more income, more
job status, more fame but if you know this language, you can approach a woman
and she will be captivated by you.
But then you got to solve the problem how to get in that social circle. The
psychology of each environment will be diﬀerent. Let no man or woman and
their ignorance try to to sell you some book on how you just talk to people like
you do with everyone else.
Do we talk then to our sisters the way we do to women we are attracted to?
Of course not.
Do we talk to interview panels when being interviewed for a job the way we do to
women we are attracted to?
Of course not.
People love to sell the good feeling because it sells.
It makes someone feel good.
Spend some money on shit or read some motivational stuﬀ, and away we go to
nothingness. Back to square one.
There are people of all types who are dating women…
Unemployed guys I know dating women
Disabled men are dating women
A crack head is dating women.
I know a guy who was sexually abused, got into depression, lost his limbs
in a car accident and he is dating women.
The guys who come to my street collecting trash are dating women.
The guys who just come into country, immigrants who got nothing but
their passports and living in hostels are dating women.
The blind guy who lost sight at a young age is dating women.
Even the drunk guy who stands outside the betting oﬃce, about 10
blocks away has a girlfriend.
4. I’ve realized I can't impress them?
You don’t approach women to impress. You approach to ﬁnd out if they will
invest in you.
You don’t approach for acceptance and nor to win a woman over.
That’s what is known as neediness.
We all need validation at some point and with it comes empathy. If we don’t have
some of it then we will all kill each other. We won’t desire to be helped or help, to
be cuddled, to be kissed, to make love, to love, to give love, to be friends.
We won’t have Quoroa wgere some of us bust our asses to write detailed answers.
We don’t get paid for it. We do it out of passion.
But there is a line to not crosss over.
That’s when it beomes needy.
It becomes burdening for others around you hearing the bitching, and whinging,
like a victim.

Neediness is seeking approval, validation, acceptance from women to such a level
to throw away one’s own standards. He puts himself down psychologically and so
the women will do the same too.
5. I'm not actually good at anything
Then start reading books. Figure out what you want to be good at and start
investing in yourself. Invest in skills. Nothing stopping you.
In fact, forget about women and focus ﬁrst in investing in your mind. Read books
to develop and nurture your mind.
6. how to get rid of the sickening empty feeling
Go and see a professional therapist because you got deep isssues to sort out.
42.7k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to approach you for a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you like a girl you need to..
1. Approach the girl Immediately. Don’t wait.
Girls know about conﬁdent guys. They like the romance not the
confessing of love but the conﬁdence of a guy approaching a girl face to
face. Only weak, passive, desperate and needy guys seel approval,
waiting for signs and for the girl to approach.
These are the guys who don’t get anywhere with girls because they are
waiting for signals. Avoid doing what the majority of these guys do…
waiting for signals. It’s a pathetic.
Take charge. Lead. Be aggressive by taking action. Approach her. Don’t
hesitate when you see her or she will see your like the rest of the guys
who are intimidated, passive and timid like most guys.
When you take action in approaching, you’re showing you have status.
You’re saying in your behaviour that..
“I know my self worth is high. I know who I am. This is who I am.
Take it or leave it…”
It shows you got conﬁdence in yourself and you go for what you want.
Yes, you might not get what you want but every time you take action you
are creating a pattern in your mind, to teach it…you’re a go getter. It will
help you to get stronger in your conﬁdence and you will ﬁnd in time it
gets easier to approach even when there’s rejection.
2. Be Fun. Flirt. Don’t Be Serious
Even though girls like romance you must not approach without the
neediness i.e. seeking her approval and remove the idea to win her over.
You don’t know her to confess anything like love and nor to win her
approval. It’s desperate to do so.
Approach ﬁrst to ﬁnd out if she will..invest in getting to know you.
You do that by approaching conﬁdently with as mile, ﬂirt, be fun,
converse to remove awkwardiness and get her talking.
3. Show True Intent. Ask Her Out
She might not be responsive because she’s nervous. Just stay fun, light

hearted and paint a picture in her mind what can happen together.
Suggest something fun or chill out, a drink somewhere, a party in
coming week and if she is in, exchange phone numbers.
4. If She Doesn’t Show Interest
If she doesn’t respond with a Yes, and says she’s busy and anything that
doesn’t say YES….walk away. Don’t invest anymore in her. She’ll waste
your time. Also when you walk away and don’t orbit like most guys do,
trying to be friends…she’ll see you’re diﬀerent.
Main thing, if rejection, do not invest anymore. Don’t fall for the Disney
eﬀect that there’s only one girl and she’s the one. Walk away calmly with
a smile and then later approach other girls.
Just don’t be passive, waiting around for girls to approach you.
Sadly, it is one of the biggest mistakes guys do.
Guys who do that are not respected by girls at all. Girls are not going to walk up to
you and show interest and ask you out.
You also don’t learn much and you always awaiting around for this one girl.
That’s putting girls on a pedestal.
If you ever want to succeed in relationship then you need to do more now,
approach more girls, date more because all this will become knowledge for that
one girl you will meet long in the future.
And you’ll be better prepared as a man for this one girl.
All these girls, all these experiences, all these lessons will lead you to know how
to better succeed in being a man and build a relationship with a woman.
But you got to learn now and not wait.
You got to prepare yourself now and approach and date girls. It will help remove
neediness and this timid, passive ways so many have.
Yes you’ll get hurt but go through the pain to grow and be a man.
That’s why guys need to lead.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make guy friends without them falling for me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You’re probably doing the following things:
1. You have no boundaries.
2. You’re not saying from the set go you’re not interested in having a
boyfriend and saying “look you and others, I only see as friends. Nothing
is going to happen. I need you to know this from start.”
3. You’re spending way too much time with these guys on text and phone.
4. You’re hanging out way too much time with these guys
5. You’re hugging, touching, ﬂirting unconsciously and don’t realise it
So it can be any of these.
As for the bullshit some here said on how men incapable of being friends. Not
really. I have many women who are friends. Women inviting me to their home,
and I don’t think sex. Usually it’s for doing music, cause I’m passionate about
music and playing guitar.

Sometimes it’s just being at their house and having a laugh talking.
Other times I am going to night club with them.
Men can be friends with women it’s just you haven’t met such men. If that is so,
then ask yourself why. Plenty of guys like us in this world.
So any woman says “guys just want sex with everyone woman” then you are
attracting fucking idoits and maybe, deep down.
Many of friends I know, guys…are friends with women they’d never want to have
sex with. Some are even married.
Some are not. Some are dating other women.
I have many women, very attractive women who are friends and I don’t desire
having sex with them. The world is full of women to date and the women who are
friends, I value as friends.
I don’t want relationship with them and I don’t want sex. That’s my social circle
and I don’t mess with my social circle.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my best friend likes the same girl as I do, but
don't know if she likes either of us?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t sit down discussing about it.
You go and make your move. She is no one’s object, property, and she’s not some
item for both of you discussing plans.
Just make your move.
You don’t wait. He make his move and so do you but the one who has more balls
is not going to wait for the right time. He’s going to make his move now.
Whoever has more balls, you or your friend?
Make your move but when you do, don’t be desperate.
You don’t approach to win her approval nor to win her over. You approach to ﬁrst
ﬁnd out if she’s got personality you like nd if so, that she’s interested in you too.
Approach, ﬂirt, converse and be fun not serious. Find out if she is interested in
you and then right there and then, ask her out. Exchange numbers.
Don’t tell her you’re friend is interested in her.
If she’s not interested, if she plays hard to get…don’t invest anymore time with
her. Walk away.
It’s not only her who will say yes or no. You will too if she isn’t putting eﬀort in
and showing interest.
646 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael Brown

She always used to hold my hand. Whenever we met she always
hugged me all the time.She said she need me but when I told
her that I love her . she said "she thinks me as a best friend ".
Whenever I tried to walk out, she never let me.I am confuse .I
don't know that she loves me or not?What is it?she is from
diﬀerent tribe.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You didn’t behave like a lover but a platonic guy who has no standards. You let
her get whatever she wanted.
1. Attention
2. Emotional support
3. Holding your hand
You didn’t have standards.
This is why Nice Guys get walked over.
They don’t set standards.
They don’t have boundaries.
They let girls seduce them psychologically and get put down. When a guy puts
himself in a humilating, passive, timid position then no way in hell a girl is going
to want to date such a guy.
There’s the platonic friend and there’s the lover type.
You haven’t behaved as a lover because you’re so easily accessible, you give her
time, you are there when she needs you and she isn’t even interested in you in
that way.
That’s a friend so treat her as one and set boundaries.
Be ﬁrm with your boundaries.
You should be busy approaching other girls if she isn’t interested and you could
have found out she isn’t interested in minutes, than spending all that time,
Whenever you tried to walk out she stops you.
No one stops you doing anything. Set boundaries and ﬁnd your balls. You’re
being passive and timid.
She is psychologically seducing you and putting you down and you’re letting her
do so because you got her pussy up on a pedestal.
I don’t care about whatever reasons you give on how you know her, she’s diﬀerent
and special. I heard all the nonsense from many guys and heard it a thousands
times. Find your balls and be a man,
No woman can stop you walking out and doing whatever.
You’re stopping yourself because you ….don’t want to lose her. It;’s that whinging
bitching words again..
“But….but….I don’t want to lose her as a friend..”
No, guys don’t want to lose the HOPE the girl might one day change. They don’t
want to lose the hope the girls opening their legs for them.
Let her go. Enough of this nonsense. Plenty of girls out there. Distance yourself
from her and set boundaries.
Girls ﬂirt for many reasons..
1. For attention
2. For fun
3. For seeing if they can attract guys
4. For social status
5. Boredom

You’re the guy she tells all. You’re the guy she hangs out with and use as
emotional support. Like a Tampon.
But she won’t date you, be sexually intimate with you. She will do so with
someone else who has standards.
If she wants to be friends then no more holding hands. No more intimate stuﬀ.
None of that.
Cut that “I love you” out of it.
You don’t say such things to girls who have yet to be intimate with you as lovers
and who have committed to you in that way for a while too.
You always invest less. You never say such words so easily until she has shown
interest and you both been lovers for a long while.
So stop being the nice guy and set boundaries.
41 Views · View Upvoters

I've done everything I can to make this girl like me, but nothing
works? We're good friends, but she wants to stay that way. What
do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I've done everything I can…..to make this girl like me..”
Why am I not surprised? Why are you not surprised?
“….to make this girl like me..”
That’s the problem right there.
You don’t approach girls to be liked.
You approach to get to know her and see…if she’s willing to invest. You don’t
approach to win her over or need her approval.
Think about it..
You met this girl. It doesn’t matter if you just met her or known her for a while.
But she barely knows you in a romantic sense. She hasn’t had a chance to invest
in you in time and emotions.
She hasn’t even said, “I am interested in you.”
When you do that it shows you got no standards. This is how you show you got
standards. The woman shows back her interest to you.
If she doesn’t, you immediately walk away.
She had her chance. You gave her the opportunity and it’s is not there anymore
because she didn’t step up.
If you don’t have standards then it shows to girls you’re desperate for any girls
attention. It shows she isn’t special and unique to you. It shows you haven’t self
respect for yourself and you’re obessessed about the IDEA of her.
It’s not honest. It’s not authentic.
Many guys do this with girls. Many have done so with her.
So she won’t see you any diﬀerent from the rest of the guys.
He social mask language will say..

“You’re such a nice guy. I really enjoyed time with you BUT…let’s be friends.”
Her survival language will be thinking this..
“He has done everything and I did nothing. He’s so desperate. I threw everything at
him and he has shown he hasn’t got standards. He’s so cheap with himself and I
don’t do cheap…”
Your real status is behaviour.
If you behave needy to a girl then she will pyschologically seduce you by putting
you down. She will get you chasing and all that time you’ve investing eﬀort, time
and she is just sitting there pretty.
When she’s done…you will be nothing more than a friend.
It’s not her fault.
You could have found out she’s into you in or not in minutes. It doesn’t take doing
everything. It just takess approaching her immediately, getting to know her,
being fun and asking her out.
If it’s a no, you just walk away.
Human nature…
When people know they can get attention they lap it up until you want something
oﬀ them…they dissappear. You will know when girls are interested by polarizing
them to say yes or no.
Saves you a lot of time.
That is all you needed to do and that’s how you invest less. You never invest
anymore if she doesn’t show interest or if she plays hard to get.
Move on and respect yourself and her decision.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I am not interested in physical contact but my boyfriend insists
on kissing and holding hands. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then why are you with him as a girlfriend. Dating is intimate, it comes with
physical touch, hugs, kissing, holding hands, cuddling and sex.
That’s what comes when you are dating a guy who is into physically intimacy.
If that’s not what you want then talk to him.
Are you asexual? Then let him know that you are.
Maybe you’re young and not into physical intimacy then don’t date. If you’re
asexual then be upfront with the guy and don’t lead him on.
He wants physical imtimacy and there’s nothing wrong with it.
I won’t be dating a girl if she’s not into being touched, holding hands, cuddles,
kisses and sexual experiences. I’m not asexual.
So there is no point dating a girl who doesn’t want to be physically intimate.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend told me she has a picture of a male model taped to
her closet door and looks at him every morning. Was I right to
be mad?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Women mate, let them dream. Let them have their fantasy. This is why romance
novels sell in the millions. Women made these romance novels sell all over the
world because they want to escape from reality.
So she told you about some fantasy, about this male model.
This happened to me and you know what I did?
Girl - I got him in my scrap book.
Me - Nah. Go on, show me.
She rushes to her bedroom and brings the scrap book down and shows me.
Me - That’s him?
Her - Yes.
Me - You got good taste
Her - I do?
Me - Yes. (hug her)
And I never heard her say about it again.
It’s cool. She shared something about her desires, something personal because
she trusted me. The guy was some hot shot model and I knew, nothing is going to
happen and even if it did, meh, life is such.
She wasn’t blabbing about ex boyfriend and past relationships. Even then, stay
calm and set boundaries if that happens.
However, here we have a girl talking about some guy, a model. Girls and guys
fantasise what they want.
But you will see what one wants, tall, dark and handsome or blonde and amazing
curves and all that (whatever they imagine) but… ends up with someone totally
diﬀerent :D
You’re frame was tested.
You showed her you’re insecure when you should have shown her, you live in
your reality, that you are proud of yourself and that no one can shake your
foundation. That you have 100% conviction in your own self worth and value.
She showed immaturity but you needed to show self conﬁdence, and maturity.
Who is dating her? You are.
Who is with her? You are.
Who is intimate with her and sexually? You are.
Who knows her secret? You do.
Let her have her fantasy and be rock solid in your reality.
;)
2k Views · View Upvoters

I’m unemployed and my parents help ﬁnancially. My father is
not very supportive of my freelance ventures and always end
up ﬁghting. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s your business, it’s your life. So why are you hoping for validation and approval
from him? He’s 64 years old and he’s not even supportive in your ideas and calls it
nothing more than a pipe dream.

Such people no matter if it is a relatives or friends shouldn’t be people you go and
convince. You just go and do and make it happen because the only thing you’re
going to get from such folks is a lot of..
“Can’t.”
“Won’t”
“Impossible.”
You’re 26 years old. An adult.
If he’s not a business partner then you just go and do your thing and make it a
success. You ﬁght over money because you’re the one talking about it and trying
to be approved, validated and accepted.
Just go and do your thing.
You cannot change people. He’s 64 years old. The patterns are ingrained in him
for years now. You’re wasting time talking to him about money and you know this
always brings out his other side of Parent Ego.
Your ego is the Professor Ego and Child Ego.
Professor got to ﬁx things, trying to prove to people something work. Child ego is
doing things to be accepted, validated and approved by one’s peers.
Let go of the egos and just focus in making it happen.
Don’t call your dad telling him your ideas, your dreams, your goals. Don’t call
anyone and say to anyone about your dreams and goals. Your dad will always
think he knows best.
He will advise due to his perception, his realities, his failures in his dreams or
success. Same goes for people out there.
Just go and make it happen.
With your dad….just call to say hi and talk about something totally diﬀerent.
Get to know him or just be there.
Let him talk about whatever. Ask questions about his life like you want to learn
but really you just want to him to talk. Memories.
Let him talk, boast…whatever. Let him share some life experience and forget
trying to convince him about anything.
Or you will trigger his ego.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I text the girl I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Should we text the girl we like?

Only if you have taken some steps where you’ve already shown interest face to
face when you approached her.
Let me explain..
You don’t want to invest too much until you know she’s qualiﬁed for your time.
That everything is framed towards her having already shown interest to you. If
you haven’t done these steps then do these ﬁrst before texting.
1. The ﬁrst thing you needed to have done is approached her face to face.

2. First show vulnerability, show interest…smile as you approach, ﬂirt,
converse, being fun and light hearted.
3. When you like her personality and not just her look, then you build a
picture in her mind what can happen. Make her curious by role playing.
Be fun.
4. If all is well, then exchange numbers. If you already have her number,
don’t worry. You just follow with the next step.
5. Tell her you hope she’s not like weirdos who play hard to get and doesn’t
reply to text message, and ﬂakes “are you?” She will qualify herself and
say she’s not like that.
If sh doesn’t then she isn’t that into you. When a girl shows interest at this stage
she will be compelled to prove her interest to you. She will show that she is up to
your standards.
If she doesn’t, she isn’t worth spending anymore time with. He inaction to do so
reveals to you she is not interested. Let her go.
Now if she does say she isn’t like these girls and she doesn’t ﬂake, then she is
interested in you. She’s putting eﬀort. The investment is balanced.
From now on, when you text there is meaning to it. There is context. She knows
what it really means and so do you.
You’re both working from then same place.
There is no confusion and you’re not looking for some signals and hints. Leave
such things for the nice guys, the guys who are insecure and who always
approach in an ambious safe way.
You’re diﬀerent.
You’re a conﬁdent guy and know who you are and you have self worth. You’re not
going to waste time on any girl who just wants attention, who ﬂirts because she’s
bored or she wants to get turned on to play with herself at home ;)
You’re not going to do what most typical guys do….investing time on a girl who
doesn’t know your intention and who hasn’t shown interest.
Follow up..
1. No compliments. No romance. Be fun, light hearted. The romance is how
you behaved already. That you approached conﬁdently and now she’s
replying to your text.
2. Texting should again keep qualifying her by doing role playing. The role
playing can be outrageous, but it has indirect sexual roles which
emphasises to her that when you do both meet you’re going to be lovers
rather than some platonic friends.
3. Under no circumstances do you meet her for platonic. Don’t play safe
like most guys do. That’s how you show romance. Not by love words but
behaviour in your conﬁdence. Behave as a lover not a friend.
4. You don’t text back and forth for weeks and months. The goal is to build
on attraction and when her response text increases, you lead to the goal
of meeting each other face face for a date…without…leading it to a date.
That can take a few days or a week.
Depends on timing, both busy etc but just be aware to not spend tons of
your time back and forth for sake of conversation. You got a goal and that
goal is to meet up to date.

Again qualify…
“Hey, let’s not make this awkward like it’s weirdos. Instead we embrace,
kiss, hold hands and have fun getting to know each other.”
Notice from the beginning I didn’t invest until I knew she was interested and I
didn’t play safe. I made sure, she knew I’m a lover type.
I don’t fear loss. I don’t fear her dissappearing.
I have other girls on my list too and believe, girls will have other guys they are
texting too.
I toned the romance down and made it fun as this removes awkwardiness. Being
serious makes things awkward. So no resturants and no movies when you meet.
Walk, talk, maybe a quick drink but sit together, close not opposite face to face.
I also lead for her to know what’s going to happen when we meet.
It’s not some friends meeting or hanging out. It’s lovers meeting face to face and
so we behave as lovers, our rules and not society bullshit rules.
This is how you lead.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would you date a former fat girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here’s who I won’t date as a man..
1. Insecure.
I don’t need to know the girl was fat in past. Instead I want to hear
positive, regarding now, the present. There is no need for this talk about
what was but rather what is. Talk about it excitedly, “just joined the gym,
love the new program blah blah blah.” You see what I mean. What is…
not….what was.
2. Don’t decide for me.
The amount of girls that self sabotage with “Oh what if you don’t like
me” and “Why would you date someone like me because you got a lot
going for you blah blah.”
Please, for pete sake, none of this.
So really, a man likes to see conﬁdence.
None of this talk about “I was fat.”
So what. I was poor years ago, you won’t see me talking myself down.
I was skinny years ago. You won’t see me talking about it.
None of anyone’s business what I was. You won’t see me walking into an
interview for a job and talking how crap I was at some skill.
I’ll be bigging myself up. Bringing out all the positive about myself instead of
trying to sell myself short.
The world does enough of that crap in bringing people down.
You want to help it?
Yes, there is a ﬁne line between conﬁdence and arrogance but I’m sure you know
the diﬀerence. The deal is you bring feeling, positive feeling, be fun, light hearted

and just focus on the guy and the moment you’re in.
It’s about feeling. It’s about arousing a man in his mind what it be like to date
you. Smile, be bubbly, be fun, be compassionate, kind and just bring it all on
because believe, if it was me…I’d bring it all on too.
You won’t see me talking about how I was skinny and unemployed. You won’t
even believe even if I said what my life was life back then. I did good and it shows
big time.
And that’s all I’ll let a woman see when I approach and date.
So really, bring positive. Forget you was fat. Forget any negative stuﬀ too about
past relationships, ex and all that.
Instead bring your smiley self.
In other words, bring the party with you and let’s have fun ;)
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬂirt better without saying much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can do the following…
1. Smile. You won’t believe how powerful a smile is.
2. Make eye contact. Practice in the mirror for your eyes to smile. You do
that by smiling genuinely and see how your eyes are and shape of lines.
Now do it without smiling.
3. When shaking her hand, hold it longer than you would. Like you enjoy
the person BUT don’t look at the hand while you’re doing it. Instead keep
eye contact. Then let go gently.
4. Like a lover, walk close to the person and let your body brush past ever so
gently. Not a hard knock but a brush.
5. When close, look at the eyes, then look down to the lips. Do again and
then smile like you desire the person. Look at the eyes again and down to
lips.
6. Conversation with touch. Learn the art of touching while conversing.
Must be done naturally, as part of the conversation as you convey a story,
a joke, or a game.
15.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is tagging a friend in love quote on Instagram called cheating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t tag love poems, love quotes to a friend.
You tag quotes about fun, about anything than is not intimate. Nothing about
love, romance and all that. You’re playing with ﬁre if your boyfriend ﬁnds out.
Especially if both agreed to be exclusive and monogamous.
That’s emotionally cheating.
You’re sending intimate signals to a guy and conneting it to some love quote.
Think about it this way….
If your boyfriend was sitting with you, and the other guy too, would you say
to the guy while your boyfriend is there, the same words on that love poem?

Who sends love poem to a guy who is a friend?
If a girl sends me a love poem and I’m her friend, I’m going to think she is
interested in me, and want something more.
518 Views · View Upvoters

Is it weird that I'm heartbroken over a guy I've never met?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s not weird at all. You invested emotions through time and so this is like you
depositing time. But now you deposited so much time, emotions, feelings that
you won’t get anything back from this guy.
You emotionally invested.
Just because of these words “I don’t want to talk to you anymore” pﬀﬀ. He’s gone.
Next time, do not tease in this way by saying such words.
Such words can be taken literally.
You see, it’s ok saying that face to face, sitting with the guy. He can see you’re just
having fun but using text, chat, not going to go down well.
In fact, just not long ago, girl did just that. She shouldn’t have done it because we
were going to talk but she started playing up and sometims, girls have no clue
about how to ﬂirt. You don’t use negative to ﬂirt or tease.
She said similar to what you said, so I thought, “ﬁne.” I cut her oﬀ and moved on.
If you talked a lot with the guy, you invested time, feelings, and it’s all stored in
your memory in your mind. You’re going to feel some emotional attachement.
I’d go out more, meet some people, don’t spend too much time talking to guys
who you’re not going to meet. It’s best to talk and meet fast, which is what I would
have done with her if she didn’t say such words.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to have crushes and semi-act on them while you're in
a serious relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you have agreement of exclusive and monogamous? If so, this is emotional
cheating. Emotional cheating is where you become intimate even if you don’t
meet face to face, and you two are being intimate.
Go to your boyfriend and say the exact words you said here…and I’m going to
highlight words which he will notice too…
“I MET THIS GUY… and we have been FLIRTING…TOUCHING… texting each
other ALL NIGHT, ALMOST EVERYDAY, have AMAZING conversation and
CHEMISTRY and get very PHYSICALLY CLOSE and INTIMATE (minus the
kissing) out at bars…”
Don’t miss out the…
“I AM 100% positive WE ARE ATTRACTED to each other..”
Then when you’re done…..
Call the other guy’s girlfriend and say the exact same words.
Then you’ll see if it’s ok.

;)
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do men think of women that play dating games?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, I have encountered women play these games. No, it doesn’t gain my
interest in the long run.
In fact, it turns me oﬀ.
I have met some women who did and when any started to play such games, with
all their rules, I lose interest immediately.
I move on very fast. So fast, it bewilders some women because they are very
attractive but I personally, can’t be assed.
Plenty of women who are attractive and who don’t play games, have conﬁdence
to get on with it. They are also similar in knowing how how society has been
programmed to fall for these cheap tricks.
So no matter how most women who do these games to rationalise that it is to ﬁnd
out if the man is serious about the woman…I really don’t give a damn.
I’m moving on.
If someone is needy, desperate, has low self worth, inexperienced…then he will
be passive, timid and fall for these games. He will be subserviant and
psychologically put down by women who use such games.
But for myself, instantly, it’s over. I move on.
435 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Tanya Kabuya

Why do some people choose to use Quora over writing a blog?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why most people will use Quora over wriing a blog:
1. People take the least resistence. Laziness.
2. It’s free to use. You don’t need to pay for domain and hosting services.
3. You don’t need to hire a web designers
4. You don’t need additional tools and softwares
5. There’s isn’ any high learning curve
6. You create an account and away you go
7. There’s a community already
8. Ego - the voting and notiﬁcation
Disadvantages
It’s not your website. All your content is on someone else’s platform
You don’t get paid for all eﬀort in writing content on someone else’s
platform
You are following someone else’s policies and these can be changed
You face sometimes annoying moderation editing suggestions, moving
your answers to somewhere in space or black hole ;)
You cannot optimize/monotize as you can with your own blog,

You cannot add sales letters, landing pages, email subscribers and sell
products here.
People’s frame of mind is not into “buying.” So if you are into selling
their frame of mind is free….free…free. So not much respect at times for
your own valuable time. Hence I do not answer questions when someone
sends me private messages.
You cannot design your own brand look and feel i.e. brand identity
You cannot promote content on using any of Quora’s features. They have
none. Now that’s something I thought they’d have sorted out long ago
and it works.
You can get banned.
Advantages:
1. You can start to writing now without any technie challenges
2. You can use it to learn to ﬁnd your own writing style and voice
3. Get good at writing and develop your writing techiques
4. Helps you identify what your real passion is when it comes to writing
5. Be known for something you’re passionate about
6. All done for free, without techie issues and withiut huge techie learning
curve
7. You’re answers can be read by existing community to gauge feedback
8. Impact lives right now by sharing awesome answers
9. Get to know people and even build future partnerships
Thoughts and Tips
If serious for business or passion to make money….have your own blog. I
am designing and building my own at this moment. You can still use
Quora but….
Invest more on your own blog/website, with a strategy, sales process and
own products or aﬃliate geared towards what you’re passionate about.
Use Quora to share answers and people will go looking for your own
website or ask if you have one. Just make sure to invest more on your
own home, i.e. your website/blog.
550 Views · View Upvoters

Why won't a guy talk to a girl after she freaks out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For the following reasons:
To avoid drama
To avoid conﬂict
To avoid awkwardiness
Because he wants to communicate not shout
He’s sick of the immature behaviour and had enough of it
There’s no reason to freak out. It’s just drama.
One can be calm and communicate.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl, but gaining her aﬀection has required me to be
manipulative. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“she doesn’t want to commit to anything long-term before we go out more, and her
schedule’s really crowded. I say “Sure thing, no pressure, see ya next week.”. Fastforward to yesterday.”
You’re both playing each other.
You are investing way too much time on a girl who isn’t interested in you. She’s
playing you as you playing her.
Not only that, you’re needy. Very needy because.
1. You do thing to get attention from her
2. You desire validation from her
3. You do thing to be accepted by her
4. You’re do things to be approved by her
She has dictated the role on what relationship is going to be with you and it’s not
attaction in a sense of dating you.
She won’t because the way you behaved by being needy for her attention and also
telling her you’re available and have no options.
You didn’t go on a date but rather a hangout.
So many guys, do this.
They go out with a girl and try and connect with commonalities, talking for hours
and talk about all this “connection.”
When I’m dating, I’m holding hands, kissing and I’m not talking about ideals,
values and all most say you do. That’s logic. That’s details, facts and ﬁgures.
Instead it is playing, fun, sexual, not serious, intimate, touching, stroking, kissing
etc. That’s a date for me. Not resturant meals and hours of talking or movie, or
talks she can get from any guy out there.
She can get safe, serious talk, all this ideal talk blah blah from many guys. She
can’t get a guy who makes her feel alive so easily.
Not only that, you did the most common mistake most average typical guys do.
You even make the same rational excuse..
“I didn’t go for the kiss because I didn’t want to rush.”
You played it safe. The consequence of that is a girl then wonders what on earth
are you doing. She then dictates the role in her mind that she sees you as nothing
more than a platonic friend.
When the guy plays it safe, who talk about ideals, facts, ﬁgures, detials and do not
connect emotionally….and do not arouse the girl emotionally, do not capture her
emotions and lead her imaginations…the girl says..
“I’m not looking for a serious relationship.”
Meaning she is not into you.
You had your chance.

You didn’t make a move. You have been subservient, passive, timid . She is saying
it this way to avoid awkwardiness, conﬂict and she now sees you as…platonic
friend. She likes to keep that platonic relationship going.
Nothing more than a friend for..emotional support not sexual romantic lover
kind of thing. Very diﬀerent.
You even try to all this talk with “excercise and it included physical contact.”
Manipulation?
Nop. She has seduced you psychologically to be timid, passive, to such a level,
you played it safe, behaved like a friend does instead of being a lover.
It’s the same pattern I see over and over again with most guys.
Move on and next time don’t play safe because when you go out with her again,
believe, nothing is going to happen with her.
She sees you as a friend and the ﬂirtting is all just but fun to her. You played it
safe way in beginning and you didn’t need to do any games.
And she now enjoys the game but when it’s done, she’ll dissappear.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if you think everything about a guy is
perfect?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It’s called the Halo Eﬀect..

It’s good you see positive than negative in a person.
Most people see someone and assume many a things due to their own
insecurities and projecting past negative experiences. However, you’re seeing this
person as perfect and with all positive traites.
The Disadvantage
You see his traites whether good or the ﬂaws as perfect. You admire everything
about the person and you feel there is nothing negative at all. Your perception is
skewed. You will avoid seeing red ﬂags when they appear.
Even if I explain this, it doesn’t really matter.
A Psychologist Edward Thorndike did a study with soldiers.
He found that, if one of the soldier's qualities was rated highly, the other qualities
tended to also be rated highly, and vice versa. Even if those qualities seemed
negative, ﬂawed. Someone else will see the ﬂaws as good qualities.

He called this “halo error,” and he was referring to how individuals perception are
distored because the person they are looking at has a halo around them, which
burs their individual characteristics.
It is best to not make quick decisions and to take time, when it comes to serious
committed relationship.
648 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Keevin Tamplin

How do you tell if a girl is interested in you over text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don’t.
It’s called…framing.
In anything there is a thing called context.
In one contect did you get her phone number?
If you got her phone number before showing intent, with ﬂirting, conversation,
and before she shown interest in you…face to face….don’t do anything with text.
Don’t waste time.
You’re out of frame.
So what do you do if you got a phone number AND…
You like her but you missed out this important step to ﬁrst show intent?
1. Screw the texting! Don’t fall for advise on looking for signals. Take some
steps back and try the following….
2. Approach her face to face again, converse, ﬂirt and show intent. Let her
know you’re attracted to her. Show vulnerability.
3. Be fun and light hearted when you do so. Don’t be romantic serious type.
Just keep it toned down, fun, ﬂirty.
4. Now you’ll ﬁnd if she’s interested because you’re going to ask her out.
5. If all is ok…now you have framed the context on why both of you are
keeping in touch. And you text to build on attraction that is there than
guessing whether is is interested or not.
6. Don’t text too long, like for months. Instead when there is a good
frequency, then suggest that you’re going out to check some cool place,
which has awesome reviews. You want to lead to dating her.
So what you’re doing is:
You’re stepping back a few steps
You’re framing the connectiong between you two as attraction
If she’s not into you, it saves you time from investing time in her when
she’s not interested. You know where you stand. You can then move on
to someone else if she isn’t.
If she is interesed then again, you know where you stand and can now
move forward without frustrations and trying to read into things.
The last thing you want to do is text a girl, spend tons of time and realise what
most guys learn the hard way due to poor advise……that she wasn’t interested.
She just wanted attention.
Or she was interested but you moved far too slow.

Remember girls give out numbers to most guys to avoid conﬂict. A phone
number is not a date.
Girls ﬂirt for diﬀerent reasons..
1. Fun
2. Bordom
3. Feel good
4. Show oﬀ to their friends.
That’s why you don’t look for signals.
The only way you know is approach her and get it sorted ﬁrst by face to face. Or
most girls who crave for attention and nothing more, will play you by
psychologically putting you down because you’re timid and passive.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad sign that my boyfriend doesn't get jealous at all? Does
he just not care enough?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don’t get jelous.
That doesn’t mean I don’t care and love the women I date and have dated. It just
means I am very secure about myself. I don’t see the women I date as my
property, as my object or someone I control.
I don’t fear if she sees some guys as hot. You won’t see me complaining why I
don’t get a text back for days. It’s because I trust who I’m dating.
Your boyfriend can love you, care about you a lot without the need for jealousy
and possessiveness. Jealousy and Possessiveness are fear based. They come from
EGO and ego is all about controlling.
All it does is create drama and damages relationship.
11.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay if I get jealous when my girlfriend hangs over her guy
friends and sits on their laps?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She’s been testing your frame and the more you do nothing about it, the more she
knows you got her pussy up a pedestal, to do other things too.
So the reason why she does it is because she knows, she can.
Now why is that?
She has probably been testing your frame long before this happened and you just
sat there and did nothing. So she’s escalating it even further.
You can’t control people but you can set boundaries and let her know, where the
line is. If she continues, it’s over.
But then you need to hold true to your words instead of doing what most guys
do….going back and forth.
You don’t need to put up with that crap.
Women have internal mechanism in which she tests your frame to see what kind
of man you are. They psychologically seduce men to become subservient, passive

and timid. The guys who fall for that crap gets humilated.
If you don’t have boundaries, if she sees your passive aggressive, timid and have
no code in self respect for yourself…then you’ve proved her right.
That you’re weak and not man enough to stand up for yourself. She will humilate
you even more.
Treat you like a doormat.
Talk to her and if she still at it, let her go. There are plenty of women out there
who won’t do such things. There’s ﬂirting and there’s going too far.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

She likes me but she dates other guys - How should I behave?
How to get her eventually?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to listen to the feedback.
She’s not ready for a relationship. Don’t start trying to get all serious as this will
push her away. She’s been out of a relationship for only a month. It wasn’t some
small time relationship but 3.5 years.
So listen to the feedback.
You’re too needy for a relationship.
If that’s what you want then she’s not the one.
But if you’re willing to enjoy what she wants which isn’t a relationship but fun,
nothing serious, sex etc, then no problem.
Just don’t start behaving like most guys do AND what most girls do with guys.
Trying to push, dictate, frame the role into a relationship.
Listen to the feed back. You got all information you need to know she’s not ready
but all you are thinking about is what you want.
Think about what she wants and that is…..she wants fun, she doesn’t want
anything serious, she’s had 3.5 years relationship and so, she’s not going on that
road anytime soon. Maybe for a long while yet.
What you need to do is stay fun, be a badass, give her good experience and be
relax. Don’t expect she will want a relationship in the future either or for a long
while yet. Maybe not with you. Who knows.
The main thing is, you got info, you know the deal so don’t push it.
If you want a relationship, serious one, want more now…best then date someone
else. Don’t try and change someone.
You don’t change her mind. You change the mood and you do that by staying fun,
showing her a good experience, letting her see that with you, it’s awesome. Don’t
get all romantic and all that either.
Tone it down and be fun, sexual, a lover type.
469 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when you know someone and they walk
past, smile, look you up & down and keep walking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two meanings.
The ﬁrst is, it means nothing. Just someone smiling.
The second is, it means you didn’t take any action to say hello and looking into
things far too much. Looking at signals and hints.
Something that a lot of guys and girls do.
Don’t look for meaning.
Create the meaning by taking action.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I want a girlfriend but I suck at talking to girls. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. I sucked at martial arts. Never done it before except once. What did I do? I went
more, learnt more, and kept doing it until I got good.
2. I wasn’t much good at writing English. I sucked at it. What did I do? I read
more, went to other classes, listen to audios, written more, forced myself to talk to
lots of people who spoke English…and got good at it.
3. I wasn’t much good at girls.
So I approached more, got rejected more, invested in books on psychology about
women. Realised 98% advise on dating was a load of crap and still is…a load of
crap. I mean literally a load of bollocks. I started to get dates.
4. I sucked also at with conversing with girls. So I approached lots of them,
socialised with them more, read many books, went even to drama classses,
practised in real life setting, and became killer at conversation plus humour.
So whenever you’re not good at something…just dive in and learn.
The more you do with the right mindset and guidance, you’ll get better at it.
I would focus more on social skills by socialising with lots of girls, get talking with
them without this need of a girlfriend.
First get good at social skills, conversation skills, ﬂirting etc.
8k Views · View Upvoters

I fell for him and he didn't. Where am I at fault?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Instead of looking for faults, look for lessons and improve your approach.
Looking for faults is looking to blame someone which is where someone doesn’t
face their own responsibilities for their own actions.
Invest less by…not looking for signals, spending too much time with him and
painting picture about him in your mind.
Until a person says I am interested in you too, then assume it to be so.
The lesson to take away for future could be…
1. Approach, ﬂirt and converse, build rapport = 5–10 mins
2. See if he is interested in you, show true intent = 30 seconds or less
3. You will know if the person is interested in you in under 15–20 mins. You
can socialise more but do not invest emotions in someone until they

show interest in you.
So don’t look for hints and assume anything.
Screen guys early on rather than investing so much to then fall for someone, who
isn’t remotely interested in you.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I called my ex girlfriend on the day we met a year ago, the time
of the call was 12:15 AM, and her phone was busy. She was busy
with someone else. I tried another 4 times after a 20 minute
interval and it was still busy. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Control your emotions and move on.
This is not Hollywood, Bollywood movie, or romance novels story where you
reminisce about the day you met and try rekindle what is not there.
This is neediness.
Neediness is when you seek approval, validation, acceptance from someone and
put their opinion of you higher than your own opinion about yourself.
Your behaviour is unattractive.
She is your ex-girlfriend and she doesn’t see you as important in her life but you
put too much time thinking about her, still emotionally investing.
It’s like you going to a bank, despositing money, time and time again and the
banks takes all you’re money out and you get nothing back.
It doesn’t make sense. These are emotions you got and they needed to be focused
on priority and she shouldn’t be a priority in your mind anymore.
It’s been one year and you’re still pining over her. What do you think that
demonstrates to any girl?
1. You’re desperate
2. You’re needy
3. You put her higher than yourself
4. You have no options of other women pursuing you
5. You’ve been putting her as someone important when she hasn’t with
you.
You need to control your emotions, and move on or girls will psychologically
seduce guys like yourself to put you down.
This is how nice guys get treated like doormats.
You called quite a few times which shows toi her your desperate.
What should you do?
Move on. You needed to have moved on long ago and focus on the important
things. Sort your life out because it seems no girls are pursuing you. Focus on you
not her. On your life and your resources.
Time to move on and leave then past alone.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend won't forgive me for not choosing her before,
what can I do? Two years ago I was in another relationship, but
she was madly in love with me. It's been a year and now she's
very angry and frustrated.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is a similar question I answered when girls say..
“But I think I’m too good for you.”
What you have is the same thing because what she is saying is nothing more than
her own insecurities and very low self esteem.
As well as this entitlement attitude you owe it to her.
Let her go.
Why?
It’s not worth being with someone who keeps psychologically putting you down
which is what she is doing. Drama queen. Pointing negative at you for the choices
you make in life.
Insecure people love to blame others. Makes them feel better. Like the world owes
them anything to feel sorry for them, as if the world owes them something.
Women say same to guys, well, here’s a guy saying to a guy.
You owe her nothing. Zero. Nada. Zip.
Don’t let her make you feel guilty.
She thinks…
1. She is entitled
2. She deserves
3. She has a right you should have chosen her ﬁrst
4. Thinking you’re obligated to her.
She needs to get oﬀ her pedestal.
Can you imagine the type of relationship you’d have with her, with dating and
even as friendship?
It will be a nightmare.
Emotionally draining.
Her insecurities will only bring lots of drama, emotionally draining and most of
all it will be so toxic, you’d probably not want to date again for a long time. She’ll
remind you of it constantly.
Don’t let her put you down psychologically.
She had a choice too and she could have upped her game, approached you,
ﬂirted, and shown her attractive qualities.
You owe her nothing.
Walk away and don’t bother even being friends because she will continue to
psychologically try to seduce you to make herself better, by putting you down.
She expects you to be passive because she thinks you got her pussy higher than
your integrity.
Putting you down, telling you she’s the princess, the queen, and only she is the on
you should have chosen.

She’s testing you’re frame. Now you ﬂip the frame so she knows she cannot do
this now and in the future.
It’s your choice but personally, I’d not even bother with her.
Break up with her, let her go because if that is how she feels, so be it then. Go and
date someone else who is secure and doesn’t think you owe them.
You have the right to choose who to date.
You owe her nothing.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

If you're attracted to someone and you're unsure if they feel the
same, do you pursue them anyway or wait until you ﬁnd out
how they feel about you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You never wait. If you’re waiting then you’re being needy.
It’s unattractive.
Why?
You just know her, or she’s a co-worker and even then, it is still, when it comes to
dating…you just know her. She hasn’t had the chance to even know you’re
interested in her and she hasn’t as yet, invested emotionally in you.
You want to ﬁrst get to know that she is and you do it without supplicating,
without trying to win her over and to work to get her approval.
What does that say about you when you approach with such mindset?
It’s unattractive. It’s needy.
A person who knows who they are does not wait for someone else to tell them…
who they are. They already know. They also not going to try and win someone
else’s approval. The idea is to see if the person is interested by asking them out.
Core conﬁdence is this..
You are self conﬁdent because you trust in yourself and your own worth. You
know you’re identity so you don’t need anyone telling you what you’re identity is.
Your giving the other person an opportunity to know you. You’re not seeking their
approval and nor to win them over.
You value you’re opinion over what others assume and perceive about you.
When you do seek their approval then of course, you’ll demonstrate unattractive
behaviour. You’ll be waiting for signals, hints and trying to read minds.
You’ll invest far too much thinking and building stuﬀ in your head when you
need to just approach, show vulnerability. Be light hearted, fun, converse, leave
the talk about love far behind for now….build rapport fast and then lead to asking
the person out.
That’s very attractive in a world where people scared to show vulnerability.
Rejection is good.
It screens out the people who shouldn’t be dating you anyway, for you to move on
faster to get to someone who says yes.
The right time is always…now. In the present.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy said, you are too good to be loved, what does it mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I hear that from some women sometimes. When I do, I stay well away from them.
Then they wonder why I don’t bother following up.
Reason why is this..
If a person is already trying to self sabotage themselves with that kind of talk,
then I don’t want to babysit them, trying to convince them, and have all kinds of
bullshit drama. It’s emotionally draining.
I know what’s going to come. I know the pattern.
I’ve seen it before many a times and it’s a pattern of an insecure, low self esteem
person who will be jealous, possessive and will need attention from you like the
air you breathe.
The person will always try and self sabotage.
They’ll constantly question your intentions and relationship.
Everything will be based in getting validation. Even the smallest conversation
will turn into some collosul tantrum and all of which is nothing more than
attention seeking.
Listen to the feed back. It’s a big red ﬂag.
He’s very insecure. He has low self esteem.
Let him go or you’ll just attract drama in your life.
And attract someone who has conﬁdence in themselves and shows true intent
that he is into you.
Last thing you need is someone who doesn’t believe in themselves and you start
investing time….emotions…in someone who doesn’t show positive intent.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do you say when someone says "I love you" but you feel
it's too soon?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don’t make it a big deal. It’s sexual tension talking. Infatuation. Those chemicals
kicking oﬀ.
So if a woman says “I love you…” by text or phone etc, at a very early stage then
just relax. Be in your reality. You know who you are and so nothing is going to
nerve you. Just stay calm.
Don’t go oﬀ saying you don’t love her. Instead, just relax, without need to feel you
got to validate for acceptance.
Just point out some positive about her.
Don’t make her feel bad for saying what she said and don’t take it so serious. It’s
emotions. You’ll have a lot of that with some women who will say..
I love you
I want you
I miss you
And yes, even hard core stuﬀ which I won’t mention.

I’ve had it all and I’m sure you’ll come to hear much more too.
Sometimes, it will go nowhere and sometimes it will. Sometimes after meeting
and sex, it all dies down. Sometimes after a few more sex it’s gone.
Sometimes it’s still there and she really feels something about you and the thing
to do is to not make it a big deal, worry and all that.
If time goes by and you’re still together, you’ll be glad you didn’t make it a big
deal. If nothing does happen in future you’ll have learnt a lesson in how to stay in
your reality and just smile at the emotional gifts women show.
Just don’t say it back if you don’t mean it.
No need to validate and instead, say things you do like about her. Real things.
Things you’ve noticed about her that makes her unique. Be kind. Be
compassionate, be posituve and lead it to a suggest to meet up.
Do yourself a favour. No resturants and movies in these ﬁrst time interactions. At
least when you have got deeper with some intimacy.
Focus on experiencing life together. Go for walks, check out some place, hold
hands, have fun that way and build an experiences/memories together.
Movies and resturants can wait for a while.
14.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if you are a author? What if your love of
writing is better left as a hobby?
Adam Taha, I love writing and passionate about creating stories
Answered May 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If for example, we had two people.
1. Is the person who just runs when they got time, and hasn’t a calling in
wanting to be a champion athelete, then it’s a hobby.
2. But then we got the second person, who has this burning desire, dreams
it, sleeps it, has own program, striving towards the purpose that he/she
must do it or they will regret it for the rest of their life. They will always
wonder about it and so they consistently, everyday, do what is
neccessary to be a champion. He/she is an athelete.
Similar then to being an author…
If you’re writing to just feel better, for fun, to relax, when you feel like it, and
you’re not investing in training, courses for a purpose that burns you inside to be
an author, then it is a hobby.
But if you’re writing because you feel deep inside it is your calling, and you’re
pulling all the stops to be a writer, that everyday you’re writing, devouring books
on how to be a better write, you’re just full on into it…..you got ideas for future
books… and you got to ﬁnd a way to get an agent too……it is a calling, it burns you
inside, you see it in your mind of being one…..you’re an author.
391 Views

Should I be worried if my boyfriend decreased the frequency to
reply my text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, you shouldn’t be worried. Look at what you’re saying in comments of other
answers..

“….he ignored me for 4–5 hours”
Why do you think he’s ignoring you?
That’s your perception right there. You think because he hasn’t replied for 3–4
hours that he is planning some manipulation, some game in ignoring you or that
he’s not really into you. That because it’s only beem two months?
That he’s doing it on purpose?
Or what he feels for you is…slipping away.
Where did that come from?
It’s natural for these things to die down with texting. Forget 2 months. They can
die down in two weeks. There is no time period.
The chase is over.
He now knows you trust him, he is dating you and he can focus on his business
and will reply when all done.
BECAUSE…you’re important to him and so, he like to give more time to you,
when he does text back. Instead of spurting out one word or phrases just validate
and make you feel at ease…which is a cop out and needy in itself.
He’s not needy and he’s seeing you as much more than texting words.
I do the same too. I don’t like just sending text to reply. I’d be busy but I’ll wait
when all is done, all is gone…and text and then lead to phone to talk, without any
outside interference…or distractions.
Focusing all on the woman I am dating than just sending some text.
See it that way because from what I am seeing, that’s what’s really happening.
You’re not someone to text.
He likes to spend time doing so, having a conversation, and that’s why you get
fast responses when he does connect with texting after work is done. He’s now
got nothing to distract him to focus all on you.
You’re important to him.
You’re texting to get validation. You’re not getting validated and so you now feel
insecure and your brain is coming out with ideas that he’s ignoring you. That’s
the ego right there getting hit. It didn’t get what it wanted.
Your mind is ﬁlling the gaps with assumptions.
Relax. He’s your partner not a child.
As long he has replied at end of the day or night, no problem. Even then, it’s not a
big deal. He’s your partner not to be controlled. He’s busy with life as you need to
be.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

What type of girl do you like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst thing I see is visual. That’s what gets my attention. So it’s her
attractiveness as visual, her curves, her hair, face etc.
I’m not going to lie to myself and no, I don’t see this is shallow.

I do see it shallow if I don’t approach and ﬁnd out more about her and see if we
can connect. If I don’t ﬁnd we can connect when talking…I’m moving on.
It doesn’t matter how gorgeous she is, I need to get along with her and know that
in future we have great conversation and no drama/hang ups. There has to be
compatibility.
The amount of time I have approached women and not asked them out after
talking with them, is a lot.
So the look is not enough for me but it’s the start on what grabs my attention ﬁrst.
Now I will approach and I’ll be looking for the following..
1. Personality. Is she friendly, a people’s person.
2. Is she fun or takes things seriously. I’ll be ﬂirting to see and if she can
handle it. I’m not going to go further if she can’t and politely say bye.
3. Does she engage, converse with me or doesn’t? Does she stay quiet,
doesn’t talk much, being all shy? Is she going to do the play hard to get
bullshit or is she going to make it easy for me so we can move forward?
4. Does she treat people around her good or she disrespecting them? Does
she disrespect me due to some assumptions in her head, due to societal
programming.
5. Is she sexually conﬁdent or she has sexual issues? Can she demonstrate
verbally or she hiding like a covert like most women I met and who I
have on from?
If all is well then I will suggest something, and if all is cool from then on, we’ll
exchange numbers.
But personality, it is visual ﬁrst.
To proceed later on to text and call, there has to be a likeable personality for me.
There has to be this energy about her.
I like to have good company, talk a lot, have fun, can get along with the person
and it’s not going to be awkward when we meet again.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay for a girl to reject a cancer patient when he asks her
out on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can reject anyone you want. Worse thing you can ever do is pity someone. So
yes, say no to anyone. That’s your choice to do.
You don’t mislead people and if you’re not attracted to someone for whatever
reason, say no. Be honest and just say you’re ﬂattered but you’re not interested in
a polite manner.
It’s not rude at all.
Say no, if you’re not interested and don’t say yes out of pity. If someone has
cancer knew the girl said yes out of pity, it would not go down to well. It will hurt
big time and you cannot hide it either. The vibe won’t be right.
707 Views · View Upvoters

How can I get back out into the dating world if I’m not very
good at it (AT ALL)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered May 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters, forget about going out looking for committed relationships. These
are guys you don’t know so trying to get someone to invest in a committed
relationship will hinder you.
Yes, know what you want and rest of details, facts and ﬁgures.
But in regards of committed relationship…
Woman as an example cannot expect me to be committed to her in a relationship
when I don’t even know her, when I haven’t even dated her, when I haven’t been
intimate with her, when we haven’t had sex, and for all I know she could be a
drama queen, a manipulator, awful at sex and have hang ups about it too. I won’t
know much of these things early on.
I don’t know her that well and we haven’t moved in together and all of sudden
woman wants a committed relationship.
Most men been there and we got burnt with deciding too fast.
Not anymore. Now we’re careful and take our time.
A person can wear a social mask but only when they are comfortable, live with
the person does the mask come oﬀ and we see….the…real person.
So step back for a moment and see point of view of most men who are mature,
conﬁdent, got life experience and who are not going to jump in and be committed
just like that.
They need to know, experience lots of things with the woman ﬁrst. That’s what
puts oﬀf lots of guys too on dating websites.
Lots of “I want a serious relationship.”
First let the person see your personality, who you are.
Second, forget about dating for now..
First get used to socialising with men a lot.
Get use to conversing with them, have fun ﬂirting, get yourself experienced in
that ﬁrst so your mind helps you with social instinct.
At this moment in your time, your unconscious mind hasn’t enough information
for you to be conﬁdent and shy, is really where one is cautious of other people’s
opinions, and worried what others think.
So ﬁrst get use to get out of your shell and socialise, mingle, let go and have fun.
Let your conﬁdence grow as you get used to mingling, socialising, getting to
know men, ﬂirting, being a bit bold, laugh with them, touch, ﬂirt whatever.
Hone in that skill.
Let go of the goal for now to…date and have a committed relationship as this is
what’s creating anxiety and fear of rejection. Adding social pressure and it gets
really diﬃcult for you to open up.
Your subcommunication will send vibes to push guys away.
So you need to relax, like it’s your own element and to do that, you need to puy
consistent..
1. EFFORT
Put consistent eﬀort in doing just the approach, socialising, ﬂirting
without any agenda of dating. Just do that for now. If a guy gives you his
number, ﬁne but don’t focus on this for now.

2. ENERGY
Put energy into doing the work, so don’t hold back. Just let go and be
friendly, and have fun. Energy, fun.
3. ENGAGE
Now, when you add Eﬀort and Energy your unconscious will realise this
is serious for your life. It realises this is a need for you and a must have.
So it now has proof this is what you want.
It will now help you by providing you social instinct. It will remove the
fear of worry of what others think of you and you’ll be able to command
attention in groups and individual men.
You become skilled at doing it.
You see, society has been socially conditioned to seek approval, validation,
acceptance and to believe such things deﬁne our identity.
So instead of seeing our own reality we are sucked into the reality of others.
We see our value by striving for acceptance, approval and validation, which of
course gets you to feel anxiety due to you looking outside when you need to look
inside.
People are always working hard to deﬁne their identity by outside attachements
with objects and approvals.
They are deﬁning themselves by the:
Income
Jobs
Looks
Material
Opinions other people
Acceptance and approval from their friends, social circle, society and
peers.
This is a game. A RIGGED GAME which you cannot win.
So what do you do?
Be in your own reality.
Detach from the superﬁcial to develop your identity and instead develop your
identity values none can take away from you.
Values that develop your Core Conﬁdence:
1. Your personality
2. Your own life experience
3. Your own life stories.
These make you authentic, unique, special because there is no one like you on
this planet. There is no one copy of you. There is only one you.
You know you got value to oﬀer and you are not going to worry what anyone else
says regarding what value you’re bringing. You don’t need their approval to say
you’re valuable. You know you are and you know you can being value to society,
to people, to any man.
This gives you the Core Conﬁdence.

Core Conﬁdence is when you have this unshakable conviction to be who you are
and this allows you to have an attitude that shines through with charisma to get
people to react to you regardless where you are in life.
You cannot be categorized.
You cannot be labelled.
You know you’re identity and it sure isn’t based on your look, your income, your
job, or other people’s opinion or situation.
That’s what society has been programmed to do. You’re not falling for it because
it’s all based from fear…ego. Ego is always looking to get a response i.e.
validation…acceptance…approval.
You now have an original, unique, special and charismatic identity and
personality that is dynamic, ﬂexible and very attractive.
You know who you are, you know what you’ve been through and you can trust
yourself to such - to be in any situation, any conversation, any environment
because you value your opnion of yourself….more highly than anyone else’s
opinion..or other people’s opinion…about you.
You determine who you are.
You determine your value.
You determine your criteria
And the mission is not to date yet…but to get good at socialising with men,
mingle, ﬂirt, converse, build rapport and just do that for now.
Of course, you can also bear in mind the type of guy you want.
But for now, focus on the ﬁrst step to get the experience, knowledge and to hone
in your skill sets to...
1. Socialise, mingle, ﬂirt and have fun.
2. Keep doing that until you feel comfortable.
One step at a time.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I let go of someone who I have to meet often?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you’re feeling is natural but you have to distinguish the diﬀerence between
infatuation and love.
When we understand the diﬀerence, believe me, the way it suddenly calms you
down and brings you to a realisation how we as a society been programmed to
believe love is blind, it happens like a thunderbolt.
You ﬁnd yourself leaving behind these beliefs and you ﬁnd maturity regarding
love.
Society has been socially conditioned to believe in the myths, fallacies, legend
stories that love happens in ﬁrst sight. That love conquers all.
What is happening are nothing more than chemicals and these chemicals don’t
last long when the person satisﬁes these emotions. It can get a person to do crazy
shit and even put themselves in awkward situations..
Read below and you see, all rationality has left most people…

Why does love make us crazy, in a bad way?
I wrote a poem for my air force recruiter and she told me it's not appropriate. The
poem I wrote was me expressing my feelings for her. Now I'm hurt. I really like
her, but I know I'm just an applicant. Why am I so hurt right now? What should I
do to move on?
How can I write persuasive love letter that will make any girl fall in love after
reading it?
Now, this doesn’t mean I am saying to you, you’re feelings are not real. I get so
many teenages and adults here telling me…
“But it’s REAL. It’s love….you don’t understand..”
That’s where conﬁrmation bias kicks in. Trying to ﬁnd anything and everything
to conﬁrm your theories and beliefs.
But if you want to let go, if you want to avoid putting yourself in such awkward
and uncomfortable positions - then you need to appreciate the diﬀerence.
You need to avoid ﬁlling your head with romantic stories, fantasies of what can
happen and instead rationalise….
1. He is in a relationship. Probably not Polygamy. Say to yourself this is a
professional environment and imagine the consequences. Imagine it
happen in your mind, like some whole lot of shit you don’t want in your
life to happen to rationalise it more with logic.
2. You don’t know him. You just see his social mask. You haven’t dated, you
haven’t got intimate, you haven’t experience intimate relationship and
sexual relationship for a year with him. You haven’t ovecome challenges
that test the relationship.
So you’re in love…with…the emotions, the feelings, you get from seeing
him and this builds the IDEA about him. There is no bases in making it
so serious to call it…fallen in love.
The Halo Eﬀect <<< google that. It’s dangerous. You only see what you
want with such admiration but you don’t see the other things. You can
become blind to rationality which is understandable because this is all
emotional.
3. This is what is called a New Feeling Relationship, even if it hasn’t
happened but it is the desire for lust. It is infatuation. To feel his lips on
your, to touch him and he touches you, etc cetre.
4. It’s a working professional environment. If anything did happen and it
didn’t work out…it can be very emotionally draining. It’s very close to
home and it is why I never dated anyone from work or close social circle.
I cannot be assed seeing their face time and time again, if we broke up.
So know the diﬀerence between infatuation and love.
And best to date someone outside of work.
Makes your life a lot easier and less messy. Many have left jobs because they
didn’t know the diﬀerence between infatuation and love.
Let’s say you break up and you then have to go through the emotional draining
process of seeing the person’s face everyday.
When someone says “I love you” when they have not been with me, been
intimate, we haven’t been sexually intimate many a times, overcome challenges

together, became part of my life….then I don’t believe her, I don’t trust her and I
think she lacks maturity when she says “I love you.”
I’d say no because if it’s so easy to feel that way and say it to me, then it be so easy
for her to piss oﬀ when times get hard, and make some excuses when challenges
come with..
“I love you but not I’m not in love.”
Meaning “I want that new feeling again…”
Sure, it’s ﬂattering to hear such words but you know how many women said such
words to me. Plenty. Where are they now?
Dissappeared because the infatuation is gone.
The women who don’t say these words so likely until we have gone through a
process, a time, are the ones who I am still dating today.
I personally, don’t fall in love so easily. I know how to calm the emotions.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I wrote a poem for my air force recruiter and she told me it's not
appropriate. The poem I wrote was me expressing my feelings
for her. Now I'm hurt. I really like her, but I know I'm just an
applicant. Why am I so hurt right now? What should I do to
move on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You never approach a woman with poems, love letters and any such thing as
confessing feelings. The reason being is it creates awkwardiness as she doesn’t
know you in that way.
This was your feelings and when it comes to dating, you have to consider what
mainstream and societal proramming promotes and avoids educating. They
won’t because there’s a lot of money at stake.
Read about women psychology regarding dating. It will give you more insight on
what I mean.
Keep your emotions controlled and you ﬁrst make a connection. A man keeps his
emotions controlled and invest less until she shows interest; and until she also
puts eﬀort in too. Keep it balanced.
You’re approach goes against the emotional process of a woman. Yes, I know
some say they like romance and all that…but really…what one says and what one
means is a diﬀerent story altogether.
You’ll get to know this often as you date diﬀerent women through your life.
You asked for too much investmen from her, far too early.
You need to pace yourself and be mature.
The other thing is your approach made it far too serious and far too romantic for
someone you hardly even know.
She’s a recruiter and so you put her in a position that she didn’t like. That’s
something always to consider.
Rather you could have waited to be out of this environment and when you was
out of training or job - and sorted an approach that doesn’t put her in an awkward
and uncomfortable position.

For the future, I advise the following..
1. Approach and be light hearted, fun,
2. Converse to connect ﬁrst. Get to know her.
3. Be more of adventureous than romantic i.e. humour, fun not serious.
4. Let her ﬁrst see why she should be more interested in you.
5. See if she is interested in you before investing so much.
6. Take into account logistics ie. if it’s a work place then best to wait when
you leave, or plan a better suited way i.e. suggest to go out for drink. Tone
down romance. Exchange numbers.
Leave poems and love letters alone.
That’s for later when you’re in a relationship and she has invested a lot in you as
you in her.
You’re hurt because you invested too much emotions and picture in your mind
about her. Built an idea of her.
You put too much into this when there was nothing there.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why does love make us crazy, in a bad way?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because society is socially conditioned to believe love is blind when really, it’s
not. One needs to diﬀerentiate what love really is.
You heard this phrase before…
“‘I love you but I’m not in love with you..”
How about this one..
“I have a great man. Amazing husband, so good to me, and listens to me. I trust him
with all my heart..BUT……I fell in love with his new friend..(or someone at work).
And this one too..
“I love this girl and have been dating for 4 years. She’s awesome. Loves me BUT….I
fell in love with someone else. What should I do?”
Or “I have a crush on someone else and I have a boyfriend.”
What they are saying is..
“I want to move on to feel the New Relationship Feeling, the chemicals, the erotic,
infatuation, sexual, pleasurable, that….boom…boom feeling..”
Society has been conditioned with all these ideas, myths, fallacies, about how
love hits you between the eyes, and love is about compatibility.
Because now you get this..
“Oh she rejected me but I will wait for until she says yes…”
That’s not love. That’s a person who has no idea what it is because you got to ﬁrst
love yourself. Love then will say..
“why love someone, be with someone who doesn’t even want to be with you?”
It is crazy for some people, because they head is ﬁlled with stories of grandeur
about love i.e. it is some BIG AROUSAL FEELING.

Got to feel it always because if it runs out…must be “I love you but not in love.”
Well, you can feel sad one moment and feel happy the next. Feel pissed oﬀ the
next day and feel horny then next. Feel crying one moment and burst out
laughing an hour later by just someone saying something.
Feelings, up and down, up and down.
When a person gets past the myths, legends, stories, fallacies, the “one” and “soul
mate” they then focus on what is real.
What is real?
Anyone who falls in love like the wind, thinks the other person completes them,
that the other person is their wholeness hasn’t ﬁgured out….how to love
themselves. If they learn that…they will realise..
1. No one can complete them
2. No one can make them whole
3. No one can ﬁll that void except themselves.
And what’s going is chemicals. The desire for the “good feeling.” The “New
Relationship Boom..Boom feeling. This will also fade with a new person and it
will happen again and again…and again.
Then most people will say..
“I love you but not in love with you.”
“I don’t think we’re compatible anymore.”
“I have grown you see and have diﬀerent needs now.”
What they are saying is I need that New Relationship Boom Boom feeling instead
of understand Boom…Boom is going to fade again with a new person. And if they
stay with a person it’s because they have matured and willing to work togeher,
have an attitude, believe in the process to achieve both their happiness.
That Boom..Boom doesn’t last forever and what is needed is committment.
So now we throw away the myth that loving someone else will complete and
make someone whole.
Realising real love starts with…loving one self.
This gives one calmness. This gives one maturity and focus.
Chemicals. When the ﬁrst new relationship feeling, the oneitis, the infatuation
comes…it takes away a person’s focus - and - you lose sight of rationality.
Since the individual loves one-self, they are not going to love blindly. They are
not going to give themselves to someone who treats them like shit.
They are not going to be a doormat for someone.
They are not going to stick around while someone cheats on them, disrespects
them, and manipulates, because they believe…..they cannot do better out there
and believe they are worthless.
Self love will not permit it.
Self love is calm, it is respect, it is boundaries, it is the water that calms the ﬁre. It
is rationale.
But when love is about myths, fallacies, soul mate, “the one” and “he completes
me” and “she is my life” then it is fear.

It is all about control.
It becomes obessession. Lonliness. Jelousy. Possessiveness.
AND these are all about taking…taking…taking.
Love isn’t about control but freedom.
It’s not about taking but giving.
It’s not about fear but trust.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Gitl rejected me a year ago but now seems to be interested. Is
she actually attracted or is it just in my head?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Show vulnerability by asking her out instead of looking for signals. That is it. If
you don’t due to fear of loss then you’re going to get hurt.
You’re already investing far too much when she hasn’t shown interest clearly by
her stating her intention.
The way that happens is…you lead…ask her out.
1. Show vulnerability. Say you’re attracted to her.
2. Suggest a place, i.e. you know a place to check out together.
3. If yes, if she hasn’t got your number, get it and give yours.
Now, if she doesn’t show interest back from beginning you showed interest then
you have found out the following:
1. She isn’t interested in you in that way
2. She is just ﬂirting for fun
3. She is ﬂirting for attention
4. She is ﬂirting for showing oﬀ her social status to others
This is how you get to the bottom of it. This politely forces girls to show what
their intention is to you. It can’t be done by guessing and no one here is going to
be able to read her mind.
Only way is you being proactive.
You don’t need to fear rejection.
Rejection is a ﬁlter that tells you who should be with you as a date and who will
not. It helps you to not invest too much. It allows you to invest less because when
you invest, then you invest emotions, thinking and building a picture in your
mind.
Anyone saying to you, a guy who forces women to say Yes or No because she will
say no….and shouldn’t do it because he’s is a guy just wants to get into her pants,
is misleading you.
Asking her to be clear, with YES or NO is self respect. You don’t want to waste
your time with any woman who says..
I am not ready for a relationship
I am very busy
You might have a chance <<< avoid at all cost. Manipulative.
I have a boyfriend

I am not sure
I don’t know
You get the idea. Don’t spend time over thinking what these means. All you need
to focus on is the intent. The intent in these answers is NO.
That is it. Do not wait. Do not convince. Move on fast.
The more you wait, the more emotional investment you put in.
The more emotional invest you give into building an idea of her, the harder the
rejection will hit you. This is why you always move fast with girls.
The key is invest less.
Like so..
1. Approach immediately
2. Be fun, light hearted, ﬂirt
3. Don’t ﬂirt too much but…
4. Converse
5. Then ask her out
Again…if she says..
“I don’t know.”
“I’m not ready for dating.”
“I’m not ready for a serious relationship.”
Etc cetre…
Then you know to avoid investing anymore time with her and approach other
girls. That’s the way you’re going to know if it’s all in your head or she’s into you.
Be proactive instead of passive.
320 Views · View Upvoters

She says I have a chance, how do I know if she's lying?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a man puts himself in a humilating position, women will use their internal
mechanism to psychologically seduce him by putting him down.
They will do so because they know he's passive, timid and isn't conﬁdent to show
he has boundaries. She is now playing a game with you.
You have Oneitis.
Oneitis is a behaviour where a man does things in order to get one particular
woman to “not lose” her, at the expence of him losing his self respect, his values,
his…happiness. It will restrict his freedom.
This is how guys who in a relationship get treated like doormats and when she’s
bored, she’ll leave for the lover type.
She’s toying with you.
Women are wired in a way with their instinct to decide on who to mate with. They
have a inner mechanism. This is psychological and biological instinct is to seduce
men to be in a a submissive stage.
She uses it to connect with men and attract men to be with her for a long time for
emotional support, for attention, for feeling she's valued but such men she will

never date.
But the one she desires to be with and mate, she won't be saying..
"You have a chance."
Why? Because she knows the diﬀerence between a subervient man and a man
who won't take her bullshit. He'll walk! He'd probably make fun of it and ﬂip her
and for her to now qualify for his attention.
When she gives some bullshit answer like..
"You have a chance.."
You don't come here asking what to do. You needed to be prepared as a man and
be forthright to tell her, "it is either a Yes or a No."
Because if man does, she will continue to psychologically put him down with...
"I'm not ready yet for a relationship."
"I've just broke up with ex...let's ﬁrst be friends."
"I don't know.."
All to get an emotional response because she's bloody bored, or wants attention,
or just doing it for fun, etc.
Then I get comments which I have deleted that are pathetic, like..
"But this will FORCE her to say NO. Doing that is a guy wanting to get in her
pants."
NO...it is you guys leaving comments like that who are desperate, needy, and
women will always seduce you to be subservient.
This is about a man needing to have standards.
Self respect. That's what this is.
A man who forces women to say yes or no is a man of self respect. Who values his
time. He is not passive, timid and subservient. That way he doesn't get played.
That way he doesn't invest more.
He is saying "I need to know where you stand or no use me investing anymore."
The man who says to a woman, "Yes or No!" is a man who has self respect. The
one who chases, the one who orbits, is the one desperate to get into her pants.
Let's get that out right now and into open.
If she was so interested in him, she wouldn't have said..
"You have a chance..."
This is subcommunication from a woman.
She knows that this is a guy who has become subservient. Has waited for TWO
MONTHS for her while she was riding some guy, a boyfriend he hoped to have
her. He still waited for her and that lowers his value in his eyes for her to be so
conﬁdent and treat him like shit to say...
"You have a chance."
That's like some kid in a playground that says..
"Hmm might be. MIGHT. Depends.."
So don't listen to guys who tell you to chase her, being subservient. You'll get hurt
real bad. You'll invest more and more, while she is seeing someone else.

You want to know...ask her...
"I want to know if it is a Yes or a No."
What are you afraid of?
That you'll lose her? Then so be it.
And if she doesn't give you straight answer, you walk away. Block her number.
Block on social media and move on.
Then approach someone else.
Don't put yourself in such positions where people fuck your mind for you to come
here asking whether she is lying.
You're asking the wrong question. It's either
"YES or NO."
That is it. Nothing else. Nothing more. That's how you lead. We call this
screening. You want the woman to qualify herself to show her interest in you,
clearly and without any ambigous replies.
Any ambigiouity, signals, hints is then on the borderling of manipulation, for
attention, for you to chase, while she has some fun.
You also had two months and you didn't go and date someone else.
Why? Waiting for her? So if she knew that too, you have shown her that your value
and your options are none.
Stop complicating a process that is simple and stop falling for the bullshit.
YES or NO!
Forget probability, possibility and playing safe. Get clarity. Be direct with her.
If she can't give you straight answer. NEXT!
Anything else, is attention seeking and wasting your time.
Move on.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why aren't women honest about what they want in a man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well for starters, I never ask a woman or any women what they want in a man.
The reason being, what people say they want and what they end up with, is a
diﬀerent thing entirely.
And why is that?
Because people don't get what they want.
They attract what they are.
How many good looking women date a Jerk who doesn't give them any loving,
attention, no matter how hard she tries?
Plenty.
How many women for example, try to change by associating with others, so they
can become a certain way, to attract attention from such guys?
Plenty.

And don't think they don't know this. They know far too well and they will admit
they attract guys who don't give a damn about them.
But they repeat this same mistake over and over again?
Why?
Feelings.
Maybe when they were younger, they were abandoned.
Maybe they didn't attract the guys in school or college and now they all grown up,
to ﬁnd themselves attracting guys. Guys who are assholes, jerks, arrogant ones
and the cycle continues.
Amd when I hear "blah blah. They use me. Jerk. Asshole, he didn't care."
I shrug my shoulders because nothing I say, nothing I advise going to siddenly
change women who attract Jerks for them to change.
You see....feelings.
Got nothing to do with logic and you are seeking this logical answer and women
will give you a logical answer but it means nothing.
What one says, and what one does in their social life is very diﬀerent.
What one says they want in life is far diﬀerent to what they get in life.
I don't know how many gorgeous women I have met and dated, and who said
their ideal man was someone completely diﬀerent. I didn't even ask them the
question but later on, months later they say this.
People say they want this and that but how many have the mindset, habit, action
and other factors such as their own internal dialogue to attract what they want?
It's not like they don't know what they are doing to attract what they got. It's not
like these attractive women don't know the solution.
Of course they know and know how to solve it.
Many don't because many want comfort not discomfort. Many feed from these
good feeling responses but its's short lived.
Standing out of the crowd, being someone else, not knowing your identity and
going for the "feel good factor" is easy.
Changing inside isn't.
So people don't get what they want.
They attract who they are.
If she's insecure, you get the Jerks.
If you're conﬁdent, wise, you'll see through things to attract ones who will care,
nurture, love, give attention etc.
But then women get what they want and..
"Oh he's so nice, so good to me, amazxing guy but......"
I don't know how many women I know who say they want such type of guy and
ﬁnd them settle for someone entirely diﬀerent.
I bet most here said tall, handome blah blah but they are not with tall handsome
blah blah but someone looking entirely diﬀerent with..

"But I love him."
I bet most women say, "I been with lots of Jerks, treating me shit.."
But they don't change.
Instead, they continue to do the same behaviour to attract the Jerks.
Then when they do get that guy, the good guy, well, as we know..good is not
enough. The amount of women who wrote questions on how they got such an
amazing boyfriend, who is nice, good, is there for them etc etc and then...
"But I am going to friendzone him because.."
"I met someone else at work..."
So we need to understand how it is in real world and not be bitter about it.
Instead we see the world for what it is rather than what we desire it to be. We
acknowledge then we live the way we desire to.
The second, having this resentment, this thing inside where one judges woman,
or where one is saying why woman won't say this or that is a demonstration of
your frustrating regarding women.
Next time, don't ask women what they want.
In fact don't ask anyone what they want and put them on the spot.
People not just women, are not going to be that forthright in who they really are.
They wear social masks and each mask to avoid conﬂict, awkwardness, judgment
and discomfort. Society is socially conditioned to wear social masks.
I don't ask what women they want no matter how gorgeous she is.
I was with a mix Scandavian and Arab woman.
She told her friend she's into a white guy, blah blah blah.
Then one day her and her friend met me. I don't look Arab. I have a brown skin
but I don't look Arab. I have shaved head. I am not into what most Arabs into, I
am not into Arab music except for mixing into western music.
I'm not strict religious as some Arabs in my community are.
I like dating diﬀerent women and high sexual. I sleep with diﬀerent women.
I don't socialise with Arabs at all.
Anyway, we talked, had fun, we went for a dance and then later they came to see
me sing at my gig. I didn't tell them I was singing that night. I just ﬂowed with it
and walked on stage.
Afterwards...the Scandavian who has Arab blood, told her friend she into me and
so her friend tried this to get us together.
She left us together.
She was surprised I was Arab and I can sing English, soul music, blues.
We dated for 2 years while knowing I date other women. I'm upfront about it.
Helps to keep drama out of my life.
When her brothers asked her why she dated me and not some white handsome
tall guy, she told them...
"I felt something with him. Has personality, charming, so diﬀerent to how I
perceived him. Very diﬀerent to Arab men I know.."

So totally diﬀerent to what she said to her friends on how she likes tall, white,
handsome guys.
It's about feeling.
So forget asking women what they want.
Figure out what you want and learn how to demonstrate your best qualities, and
be in your own reality.
510 Views · View Upvoters

Why is that girls like to date a "bad guy" and make friends with
a "good guy"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Good guy thinks being good, nice, considerate is the agenda to attracting
girls. He uses it to hide under the radar by being nice. He puts himself in
this frustrating situation. Putting his life on hold for this one girl. He's
watched too many Hollywood and Bollywood movies.
2. Good guy crushes instead of approaching girls immediately. When you
crush, the other person doesn't know you're interested in them. Imagine
that for a moment. You like someone but you're not going to tell them.
3. Good guy is not upfront. He's a passive. Timid. He's passive aggressive.
He avoids conﬂict. Under his breath he probably cursing the shit out of
the woman who isn't giving him the time of day. He says one thing but
means something else. He punishes the girl in a convert way, like an
agent spy but all he got to do is be upfront. He's secretly afraid of the
girls. Intimidated by them and is in panic if he ever wants to approach
and be upfront.
4. Good guy doesn't say what he wants. Only cares what girl wants.
Imagine, the girl wants ice cream and he hates ice cream but he's going
to say he loves ice cream. He wants this girl, he wants her bad but he
doesn't say he wants her and worse, he lets go of all his standards, so he
can please her.
5. Good guy doesn't sexualise and turns oﬀ his sexuality in order to not
oﬀend her...to be accepted and approved. Scared he might lose her.
Apologetic for being a sexual man. He doesn't have to be direct sexually.
He can be indirect but fun.
He can role play if he just let go of the fear of rejection. Role play
meaning like this. I approach women and I smile and with my cheeky
grin I say...
"We're going to get get engaged, then run away and get married. Hire an
Elvis Presley priest in Vegas. Have children because you've got the wasite
for it but..I can see we will argue and make up, argue and make up,
probably snort some crack to ease the drama, then argue some more and
make up, argue..sex...argue...sex...more sex...argue...sex."
Then I smile and if the woman caught on the subcommmunication and
she isn't thick, realising I am ﬂirting sexually indirectly, she'll ﬂow with
it too.
But no. He's afraid she will be oﬀended.
6. Good guy will ﬁrst start with friendship to get close, but really he framed
the relationship, and the girl got comfortable to see him as platonic.

7. Good guy feeds oﬀ girls energy. Thinks his value is based on her response
and society response. Believes his looks, clothes, friends, income, is his
identity and what attracts girls.
8. Good guy breaks under social pressure. His conﬁdence ﬂuctuates
because his identity is built on what response he gets oﬀ girls and the
environment. If he doesn't get a positive response he behaves
irritationally.
9. Good guy looks for signals and messages, and has to make sure
everything is ready before taking action.
10. Focusing one girl at a time. Has to start all over again if she dissappears
and go back to zero to approach again. No momentumn.
PROS FOR GOOD GUY..
You won't be seen as a player. Mostly because you're hesitent. Your life
though is focused a lot on studying, getting a job, income etc. So you will
bring stability in a girls life. You will have income, you will have a future,
you're kind, compassionate and probably you'll give a lot of time for the
girl. No doubt. But..look at the cons and don't hate me for it. This is the
real world and I know, most do not want to see how it is in real world.
You're approach won't be smooth and it won't look gamey. You won't
have scripts, routines, and do lots of jokes. You can use your own
authentic life experience, life stories as a way to role play, be fun, turn on
her mind ﬁrst which will turn on her body.
She won't judge you as "he only wants sex."
You can ﬂy under radar
You will be able to get close to a girl as a friend
She will tell you EVERYTHING, her problems, concerns, worries.
You be seen as a guy for long-term relationship
CONS FOR GOOD GUY..
Girls cannot be sexual with you. Fear you judge. A sexual man is a man
who is open to let the woman know what type of relationship he desires.
Of course, you're not going to say, "I want a relationsip where we have
sex."
You need to subtly know how to commuicate what you desire from her
but a good guy hasn't the experience to do this. You can tell a story of an
experience so she subtly knows the type of relationship you enjoy and
desire. Women will know, pick it up. They are not stupid. So don't be
scared to show sexuality. Commnicate subtly you're a sexual man, who
loves sexual woman that are not insecure about their sexuality due to
them being socially ciondituined by fallacies and myths. That she can
relax and be herself. No judging is going to happen.
You approach too seriously with romantism and seen boring. You may
not be seen as a player but you're approaching too seriously. You're head
is ﬁlled with this Disney, Bollywood that a man who attracts women is a
guy who approaches a woman with ﬂowers, love letters or confessing
your feelings. You're going to get massacred in the real world. Relax. Be
fun, light hearted.
You are perceived as timid.
You don't stand out and invisible
You are perceived as not exciting

You're perceived boring
You have no identity
You'll be treated like a Tampon and be her therapist.
You are needy for attention as you will always desire validation
You're investing too much time due to fear of loss when she isn't
investing much time with you. Not balanced.
You will do lots of action before she has invested in you
You will be used as a doormat because you won't have boundaries
You have no options and so you'll be focusing all on this one girl.
You won't have any experience with girls. You won't have experience in
approaching, conversation and leading to sexual intimacy.
You'll be afraid to escalate to kiss, touch, and sexual intimacy..sex. You
be seen as platonic and she will just want to be friends.
You're hesistent due to fear of loss
It is a very slow process in attracting girls
You miss so many opportunities because you don't take action.
Ok for long-term relationship but because you're so needy, she will walk
away to ﬁnd someone who is more conﬁdent, and where she can be the
woman she desires to be.
The diﬀerence with the Bad Guy..
1. Completely independent of everyone. He doesn't give a shit what others
think of him.
2. No need for validation or acceptance from anyone.
3. He doesn't attempt to ﬁt in and try hard to be like everyone else.
4. He focused from the inside and ﬁgured what his identity is instead of
trying to follow other people to be what he wants to be.
5. Doesn't attempt to pickup girls.
6. Instead ﬂirts with disregard but is never desperate.
7. Screens girls from the very beginning and if she hasn't got what he
wants, he's not going any further
8. If a girl is too nice, unwilling to be sexual, unwilling to be intimate he
will not give her attention. She can go and date a good guy, a nice guy.
9. If girl is to nice by just crushing on a guy and doesn't ﬂirt with him, tell
him she's into him, touches him...then she will be ignored. He wants
clarity not ambigious signals which she does to good guys. This is not a
good guy. This is a bad boy who desires sexual conﬁdent women who
shows their sexuality.
10. He doesn't apologise for being a sexual man
11. He doesn't switch oﬀ his sexuality. He doesn't apologise about being a
sexual man.
12. He get pointed at by women as being whatever but they so would love to
fuck him but he doesn't want to fuck them.
13. Natural leader and not intimidated in approaching groups of girls even if
they had guys with them because the guys could be friends, guys who are
also been friendzoned, orbiters or her brothers, or cousins. He takes the
risks in a fun way to ﬁnd out.

14. Cannot be strung along or manipulated.
15. Has a dark side that excites girls i.e. fearless, has his own opinion,
courageous, bold, daring. Pushing the limits beyond social pressure.
Putting the peddle to the mettle. That kind of dark side.
16. He's upfront in all he does. He shows true intent. She knows what's
coming her way with this guy. She decides NOW or he walks away.
17. He has options.
18. He's exciting and not boring. He's not looking for a platonic relationship
but a lover. He will behave as a lover
19. If she doesn't show interest back, no problem. NEXT!
20. If she creates drama, he's not going to be a doormat. NEXT.
21. He doesn't ﬁt in the reality of society but his own reality. He knows who
he is and people can take it or leave it.
22. He has core conﬁdence. He doesn't feed oﬀ energy from girls. He is the
energy, the fun and charisma.
23. He has more experience with girls. Girls know he has more sexual
experience.
24. He thrives under social pressure.
PROS FOR BAD GUY
You are perceived high in value and social status. Why? Because of your
behaviour. Your behaviour is your real status. Example, when I enter a
night club or I see a group of attractive women, I approach and
immediately converse. Other women, other people see this happening.
Yes, people do watch. I am moving from one group of women to another
like I own the damn place. Most people even think I own the night club
due to my behaviour not the way I dress. Although I dress quite good
when I go out.
You are preceieved as a challenge. Why? MOST women don't know a
good man if it hit them in the fucking face. The good is a visual map in
their mind from social conditioning. When the NEW RELATIONSHIP
feeling is gone, she will desire a new man. That is because the good man
makes her the centre of attention. He's so nice, gives lots of time,
company great and all but it gets boring. He's not a challenge.
So MOST women will friendzone this guy. They are not looking for the
boyfriend guy but a lover and until they get that out of their system, until
their mature, grow, they will continue to do that.
I date attractive women, and they only get to see me once or twice a
week. I'm busy, doing my own mission, which is why most date me for
years on end. Sex is explosive when we meet and the excitement stays.
In long-term relationship, man needs to focus on his mission and not
make woman the centre of his life.
You are perceived as mysterious. Why? Because diﬀerent to the good guy,
he doesn't tell all. He SHOWS instead of tells. He has a life he has built, a
world he has built and she will experience it rather him telling her
everything.
He unravels who he is later on, not in beginning and gradually, like a gift
from heaven. It is exciting to see him unravel who is slowly, gradually. He

is mysterious, he doesn't brag, boasts about what he is, what he does but
gradually shows this. He doesn't need her validation and approval.
You are perceived cooler and exciting. He doesn't take her seriously
when she argues. When she creates drama, he just laughs or takes his
jacket and walks away doing his stuﬀ. He has his own reality. He has a
life, a social life, and so she sees that. He isn't all work..work...work but
he is a social creature and knows how to have fun.
He's chilled, cool and calm.
But if she tries to piss him oﬀ, she is done. If she tries to manipulate, she
is done. If she steps boundaries in creating drama i.e. negative about
him...pointing negative to him...she's done.
He will warn her way in beginning to not be drama and be demanding.
But even then, he's chilled, he's emotionally controlled because he lives
in his reality not hers. He will walk away while she will explain, yes, has
to explain why, what, how. He doesn't give a shit. He doesn't need
explaination. It's done. Moving on.
You're are perceived as very sexual and girls who come to you desire it so.
When he approaches, he isn't serious. He smiles, laughs, ﬂirts, arouses
while the good guy focuses on picking her up...making it all serious and
labels it as a date from day one.
The bad guy doesn't do that. He instead uses his sexuality, he also
touches to see if she's sexually available and if she has insecurity
regarding it.
He sexualises with text and be fun. He does so on phone. He pre-frames
her to know of outcome when they meet...and when they do...she is not
surprised when he embraces her, kisses her and when sex happens. SHE
KNOWS sex is going to happen so any of this bullshit "I was used" is
nonsense. She knew this guy is a lover.
So what's with the "I was used."?
Unconscious. That mummy, daddy, society said, if you have sex, and no
marriage, you are bad...bad...guy. You're a slut, a whore, too easy.
Bad...Bad..Girl."
The guilt due to programming takes eﬀect and what do daddy girl and
mummy girl do when they feel..they were caught?
"It's not my fault! Mummy, Daddy, Honest! He told me to open my legs and
I did, and it was some super power, and so we had sex. It's HIS FAULT. The
player, bad boy fault. He used me for...sex."
So the bad guy makes sure he screens girls like that out by sexualisation.
He doesn't want any of that bullshit in his life. So she KNOWS to stay put
or ﬂirt with him.
All these steps are his way for girls to qualify themselves to be with him.
To also screen girls out. Those who dissappear...reveal...they are not
qualiﬁed to be with him and not sexually available. Yes, he does this on
purpose for the reason above and the girls know why.
You are chased (be careful to not let her chase too much. When she
shows interest, show interest back and date if you're interested in her).

Because he has options and because the girls know he does, she sees him
as valuable to her life. She chases, she text, she recipocrates and so he
pursues by leading her to phone...leading to dating...fun....and sex.
You invest less than the good guy until she invest. Keeping it balanced.
He doesn't build a picture about her in his mind by looking for hints,
signals and messages.
He immediately approaches so he ﬁnds out the truth. Yes or No. If Yes,
ok...then he screens her to see if she's sexually available and secure about
herself. If No, he moves on. He invest less than the good guys who orbit
around the girl, who stare, who make friends with her ﬁrst. He doesn't do
that. He values his time.
You have no fear of showing vulnerability.
You know if a girl is interested or not, faster
You get to girls who say YES faster
You're perceived as exciting and higher value
You are perceived as conﬁdent
Your speed on approaching gets you lots girls contacts
You stand out from many guys
You have an identity and doesn't follow social norm. Take risks and rise
against social pressures. You have more insight than most men regarding
society, social programing and women
Attractive girls will desire you even if you don't have the look. It is the
feeling you create, the vibe you bring, the daring and bold attitude they
haven't seen in many guys.
CONS FOR BAD GUY
You are perceived as a player to inexperienced girls because you show
intent immediately and sexualise by behaviour and words.
Bad guys are not bringing stability and girls will know this. So if you're a
girl and you want stability, forget it. The lover, the bad guy isn't going to
give you the family stability you desire. I don't need to say this. You know
this so please, none of this, "he used me for sex."
You are labeled as a bad guy when really there is no bad or good, just
guys with desires. One also is conﬁdent in his skin and the other isn't ;)
One is a leader who develops identity from within (the bad guy) and the
other follows the crowd...imitating others to develop their identity (the
good guy).
This is the way it is...you're going to be seen as a bad guy.
Nothing you can do about it.
Girls will continue to blame the bad guy for having sex. They will
continue to call the guy who doesn't give them attention as a Jerk. They
will continue to cuss because he said he's not into them and he doesn't
feel they are as attractive as others. That's a bad boy, he doesn't give a
shit. You can't use your looks on him to get some free help or play around
to pull some attention. If you haven't got what he wants...or...if you have
and girl is playing hard to get or being shy...he's not interested.
Most women will run when they hear you're bad buy but most women
will also desire you. You will have to approach many women because

you're not looking for a long-term relationship but that's still a lot of
women. Many in and out of relationship due to bored of the "good guy."
Don't believe me? Look on Quora and you'll read..
"I have dated my boyfriend for 8 months. He's amazing. Good to me. Nice.
Gentleman. Listens to everythign I say and I trust him 100% but...I met
this guy..."
You are judged immediately for only wanting sex because you are free
from the social programming and myths that sex has some 3 day rules, or
week and so forth. You know sex isn't intimacy but girls cannot seperate
love from sex. Most still think love is sex.
However, understand most women live in their mind in regards to the
fantasy of the soul mate, the one, the sweeping oﬀ their feet, the knight
in shining armour, the romance, the resturant dinner...the movie...the
long walks....and no sex until a week or a month...you know the story.
Girls will try hard to dictate the role for relationship and you will
probably be acccused later on, when she has got what she
wanted..."Oooh he used me."
Suck it up. That's life. Move on. If a woman cannot take responsibility for
her own choices, well, nothing you can do about it. Thank your lucky
stars because she probably blame you for other things too because..
"Mummy and daddy, and society said good girls don't do that.."
You will attract lots of insecure attractive girls. The bad boy will attract
lots of drama queens, lots of girls who desire validation, neediness. Some
probably were ugly and became good looking and now want attention.
Some have abandoment issues. Some just want excitement but when
excitement is over, they will go somewhere else.
Lots of girls wanting emotional response and seeking validation. I mean,
seriously, some are so damed depressed and needy for attention.
As you know the bad boy doesn't bring stability and he doesn't expect
stability from the girls he date.
So take time to screen out girls to get to the girls who are conﬁdent about
themselves and their sexuality.
Ignore the girls who do not be upfront with their sexuality due to being
self conscious. Who also play hard to get.
You can be perceived as a Jerk but you know that if you behaved like the
good guy, she will bullshit you in ways you cannot imagine. She will date
you, have fun, get bored, friend zone you, date someone else. If you don't
believe me, take a look on Quora on the amount of women who said they
have a good man, a nice man, a wonderful man..BUT..BUT..AND "I met
this other guy etc etc."
You can be perceived as sketchy. Because you don't share much about
yourself and you have this mysterious about you, due to you not opening
up immediately...it can work against you. It can be seen you're hiding
something.
You can be perceived as a guy who oﬀers little comfort to girls. Because
you don't spend 5-7 days a week with her, constantly replying to her text

messages, phone calls, staying with her sometimes, dating her everyday,
or at least times a day, she will feel you're pushing her away. You
probably as a bad boy date a girl once a week because you have other
girls too. You have multiple partners.
You can be perceived as pushing girls away. Add the above point with the
following....most girls will want more of a committment, a long-term
relationship but you won't give it and so they feel you're pushing them
away.
I will update more details on some of the bullet points later on. I have to
expand more on good guy, so you see more about his life so it's more
balanced...with added tips.
So bear with me as I get this done later.
NOTE....try not to see both in a perspective like this..
"Hmmm. I will take good from both, to change my life and not to be good or bad. But
to be a Man of character, fearless, boldness, who has standards, unapologetic of
being a sexual man AND also a man of compassion, character, integrity..."
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I attract women using body language?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In your behaviour.
Attracting women is not something that you do.
It is something that you are.
So that means you got to go out there and do damage. No way you're sub
communication can ever be developed by reading. You got to go out there and
approach many women, talk, converse, ﬂirt, ask out.
Do the whole lot again and again, and again, and again, with the mindset that you
are in your reality.
Because the one thing most guys don't do enough of is approaching women. They
wait, they look for signals and they focus on one woman, like she's the only one
on this planet.
So his sub commnication is going to be weak because he hasn't the experience.
This is how I got good with subcommunication.
Facing the challenges, going out there, approaching women and learning, feeling
what is working, what isn't, what am I doing wrong, what am I doing right.
You will know it's working because you're getting...results.
Most guys got it wrong.
It's not about trying to impress and to convince a woman to like him, supplicating
to her, doing things in a reactive way. Being reactive is less appealing than being
yourself.
But being yourself doesn't mean what society is programmed to believe. It is
being the better self and this means investing in knowledge, skill and being
proactive. He must be proactive not hesitent.
He must not over thinking but take action.
Therefore...a man's attractiveness...is his behaviour.

That is his real status.
This doesn't mean he doesn't learn the process as there is a process in how to
approach women from initial beginning, building on attraction, qualifying,
dating, comfort building, seduction etc - and - each component have their own
steps, own knowledge and skill set.
Each approach need to be ﬂexible because you don't do same you do in a cafe,
street, supermaul as you would in a night club.
You can go in a poor country, and you dress great, have wealth, assets and sure,
they will take interest in you but that is what real status is for that world.
In the modern western world, I found it is diﬀerent as I've come from a poor
country. I discovered it is the behaviour that is the real status of man.
He's a man who moves fast, takes action, sweeps the woman oﬀ her feet by his
certainty in approaching her.
He is a man who when he approaches and she rejects, he immediately walks
away. He values his time and has self worth. He is not pining over her. He's not
chasing her. He's already approaching other women.
His behaviour is his real status.
This is his sub communication to women. This is what is attractive to women
because it is in...
Your personality, conﬁdence, dominance in that you take action than being
passive, have social instinct and intelligence.
These are far more important to her because of the social double standards that is
dictated and socially conditioned in society.
You approach immediately by sticking your neck out, and you show vulnerability
and true intent.
You're not cowering behind doubts, uncertainty and waiting for the right time
and looking for signals. You instead behave diﬀerent to most men who start oﬀ
trying to be friends ﬁrst when their intent is diﬀerent.
That's not honest. It's not authentic.
He will always play safe and tries to supplicate to her. He's always focused on
leaving behind his standards to supplicate to her.
In the other hand, you are immediately approaching, you have no routines, you
have no script, you have gone past these now, and you are in your reality. You are
using your wealth of experience from your life - and you will say whatever
without worry because you are not supplicating to women.
This is her main deciding factor.
That you live in your reality and she cannot shake you out of your reality. That
you are who you say you are.
Solid as a rock.
Now, if a guy has the superiﬁcial stuﬀ like...
1. Wealth
2. The looks
3. Trendy clothes or ok clothes..

Then of course that's adds to him being attractive but he has to act, behave in the
manner he has these or else...he won't last long with attractive women.
I don't mean boasting about these but behaving conﬁdent, secure in himself, his
personality shines through, his dominance in that he isn't behaving passive.
What so many guys fall trap to is the superiﬁcial.
The reason being is we are conditioned to believe through advertising,
conmericials, movies, social customs, norms, tradition, centuries of societal
programming that we must ﬁrst meet societies ﬁckle and superiﬁcial standards.
We are programmed to ﬁrst get the look, the clothes, the jobs, the income, the
following of friends, the votes, the shares, the facebook likes, the credit card, the
car, the house, and on and on it goes...before we ourselves think we are attractive.
These are values which if you focus on them by thinking these are what you need
to be conﬁdent with women....you will lose.
It is..a RIGGED GAME!
That once we do, then we are entitled to act in...an...attractive way. That ONLY
THEN we can be attractive.
For example, let's say you was invited to a house party and you new no one there.
You arrive and walk in but you do not suddenly approach everyone, like you
would with ordinary friends.
You're over thinking, you're slowly moving, you are making
sure..you're...entitled....to be who you are.
As time goes by you got to know a few people, they got to know you, you're not
talking, they are talking to you and so your brain thinks..
"Ok! You are entitled to talk to everyone else."
This is why so many guys mess up in when it's about anything in life. We are
socially conditioned to believe we got to ﬁrst be accepted to be entitled. We got to
ﬁrst ﬁt in to be accepted.
This is due to society being socially conditioning.
We are wired and programmed within society to believe --- that only men with
good looks, with supericial stuﬀ, are attractive...when really it's about the deep
sub communication through a man's behaviour.
We are wired and programmed to believe that we can't suddenly approach a
group of women at a bar because we're not entitled too because we don't know
them, because we're not attractive, because we haven't certain values,
because...because...because...
So you over think and you hesitate and already, in that second, women have seen
your body language. That it is fearful. It lacks conﬁdence.
But a man who is in his own reality doesn't need these values to approach. He
doesn't need wait until he's slim, muscled, got a job, has income to approach a
woman. He knows something most guys don't...
His behaviour is what women respond to.
It is behaviour that is his real status.
The problem is, most men approach women with the neediness to supplicate to
women rather than approaching women in a way that sub-communicates
conﬁdence, individuality, uniqiness, passion, true intent and truth.

Or he does much worse...
He focuses on the superﬁcial, like income, job, assets and thinks when he has
these, the women...will...notice.
How many times have we had men and even women say on Quora or you head
someone you know say...
"I am attractive in looks, got a job, good income, a car, know 3 languages, can play 4
musical instruments, I'm a nice person, blah blah blah...BUT I cannot attract
women/men. Why is this? Or what should I do?"
But a man is has core conﬁdence understands this..
1. He doesn't to to meet the ﬁckle and superiﬁcial standards of society for
him to feel good, valued and conﬁdent.
2. He doesn't need women, people, friends to be nice to him to have any
conﬁdence.
3. He doesn't need anything that people think they need to feel conﬁdent.
4. He doesn't need to ﬁt in and be accepted to feel conﬁdent.
5. He doesn#t need people to give him, share with him or place him in a
high position in life or role, for him to feel conﬁdent.
6. He doesn't need a woman to feel conﬁdent.
These values are but when a man feeds oﬀ someone else or situation to feel
conﬁdent and such thigns don't happen all the time. He might be in a diﬀerent
situation and he might be with diﬀerent people he doesn't know.
These can attract women but temporialy because these are not authentic.
He might be in a diﬀerent environment but he will remain conﬁdent because he
has Core Conﬁdence because his coinﬁdend comes from his identity.
So, if you want to get good at subcommunication, you can forget...oh be
conﬁdent. You can forget do this and that.
You are going to need to do what I did.
To gain tons of experience by meeting many new women, practising so that
when you do...meet....the right...woman...it will be second nature to you.
As you do, look from within, ﬁnd your own identity.
Don't look to feed oﬀ people's energy, women's response, the environment but
instead you look at your own identity. You are unique. There is none like you.
You're have vast experiences and original materials with it's own contrast.
You bring the energy, the fun, the personality from your identity.
That is the only way you are going to really learn and know how to project natural
attractive subcommunication.
Why?
Conﬁdence needs real life references.
So you got to go out there and get these references, these experiences and feed
your unconscious mind.
The more you do and consistenly, the more you break through your own social
mask, the more you challenge yourself to go past the limited beliefs and social
conditioning...the more you ﬁnd your internal self power.
You are giving your mind the references it needs.

But remember...the more you do.....the more you stand out....and attract haters,
bigots, people who like to bring others down because they are part of the rigged
game. This is social pressure.
It's part of the process to succeed in life.
By avoiding in taking action and letting fear of rejection and social pressure get to
you, you'll always be stuck.
Your body language will always be weak. You're social instinct will be very low
and you'll ﬁnd yourself always falling for the limited beliefs.
Core conﬁdence always comes from the unshakable conviction that isn't about
material, wealth, assets societal programming desire us to believe.
It is who you are and what you think you deserve from life. It is consistent. It
doesn't go up and down. It grows and it cultivated, nurtured and lived.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do about hanging out with someone ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're making similar mistakes most guys make. You focus on one girl. Approach
other girls. Keep your options open and this will remove your neediness, waiting
around.
Plus, you really haven't shown true intent.
If you're interested in her, stop playing safe using "hang out" and ask a girl out
face to face, as it's more conﬁdent and has more impact.
Yes, yes, I know she's busy but so was this girl I knew, she was so busy when guys
were texting. Working 6 days a week.
Soooooo busy.
That is until I saw her and asked her out and she said "yes" and all this "so busy" is
out of the window.
You feel me?
When a girl is into a guy, she be into a guy, she be making time out for the guy.
Stop waiting around.
Approach other girls, keep your options open, learn, gain some experience and
don't be so easily focused in being exclusive for a bit.
You can text her again but you won't need to worry as you'll have got girls to date,
and you don't need to say squat to her about other girls.
Whenever you meet her you can be upfront as some girls will ask...and you can
reply...
"I am still dating, having fun and not looking for anything serious yet until...I ﬁnd
that one girl." Smile.
378 Views · View Upvoters

What odd thing attracts you to someone, and why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She wears glasses.

Maybe because deep down at an unconscious level, I think she wears glasses
because she loves reading and is smart. So I'm hoping she is great at
conversation, got a passion for something and we can talk and laugh about real
stuﬀ.
Women wearing glasses, with knowledge, has that amazing smile, eyes looking at
you in a sensual way and knowledge...is attractive for me.
I like smart women who understand the world beyond socialy conditioning,
labels and the Disney eﬀect. So she has this insight about such things and
passionate about not following social norms but breaking free from them.
She's way over those days where you create drama for attention.
She's can't stand drama the way I don't tolerate it. She's not into changing
anyone's perception or reality but herself.
She's very self aware.
She's mature and likes quiet, peace and cuddles with hot drink to read.
So she be wearing glasses, loves knowledge and she's free spirit, a wild rebel for
the right guy ;)
11.6k Views · View Upvoters

So i really like this guy and all i have is his email. I plan on
letting him know how i feel. What about this message? It is the
ﬁrst comment
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't send the email message.
Find an opportunity where you'll meet him face to face. I understand that you
may have diﬀerent schedules but try to see him face face to say hi, tone down
any...negativity like "you won't regret it."
No negativity. None of this..
If you gave me the chance...
I could be making a complete fool of myself....
Please say yes you won’t regret it....
Believe in yourself. Takes a lot of guts what you're doing and that's a very
amazing traite to have. So don't lower yourself like that.
Most guys won't even have balls to do that.
Change your reality in your mind about yourself.
That any guy who dates you is going is going to love it. See yourself in a positive
light as it's very attractive having a woman approach and she's positive, bubbly,
smiles and she isn't putting herself down or acting obnoxious either.
When you see him say hi, ﬂirt, converse, get a feel of who he is face to face even if
it's 5-1o mins. No negativity and more conﬁdent ﬂirting with eye contact, smiling,
laughing, soft tone voice and even a touch on his arm slightly.
Then take it from there, if alls well then... suggest something like a drink or you
know a get together for coﬀee. Exchange numbers.
So if there is a way to meet face to face, make it happen but do keep it positive. Be
conﬁdent in yourself.

1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I talk about other girls with my (friendzoned)crush?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

By asking this question that comes from many guys...it shows the neediness for a
response. You're wanting to do something for a response from her which is you
desiring validation, acceptance and approval.
There is no such thing with talking to her about girls or not.
That alone is being needy because you're trying to live in her reality and not your
own reality. You're concerned about what she might think if you do say, do this or
don't. Anyone who believes in himself, has self worth would not be doing
anything for a response to validate himself to a girl or for a response of any kind.
You're working to qualify yourself to her.
When a guy puts himself in a position in where he puts so much value in a girl
who has rejected him, throws away his standards by orbiting around her, when
she has shown no interest in him, she will psychologically put the guy down.
Example of psychologically putting a guy down...
"I recently broke up with a guy and so dating is not something I want to do
right now. I'm not ready."
"I'm not ready for a serious relationship."
"I'm too busy at the moment for dating."
"I'm not looking to date anyone at the moment."
These are rejections and she hopes you're smart enough to know women lingo,
because women don't like saying.."no" most of the time because they always want
to avoid conﬂict, awkwardiness and experienced negativity when they said no to
guys.
You probably spent some time, hanging out with her, drinking whatever, talking
like a platonic guy, in the hope she might like you and then you will ask her out.
Instead of what most conﬁdent guys do is when they like a girl they don't
approach in making friendship ﬁrst but show vulnerability in showing intent and
asking a girl out immediately.
This helps a guy to move on faster and not waste time on girls that might be
bored, just ﬂirting for fun, or want attention etc.
But what happened is.....the behaviour has built far too much comfort for her to
see you as a lover.
She doesn't see you as someone that she be attracted to.
She sees you as some platonic guy, a friend and so that is why she replied to you
in that manner.
She hasn't friendzoned you.
You friendzoned yourself by continually spending time with her with intention of
trying to get her attracted to you.
Her survival language is saying....
"I don't see you in that way. You're not someone I'd want to date but I got to
say something diﬀerent like I just broken up with someone else so I can still

get emotional support from you without committment...sexual intimacy.
When I want attention, I call on you. When I want to share some problems I
call on you. When I don't want sex but comfort I call on you. You're like my
brother, like the girlfriend...like a friend..BUT when I want a lover...it be a
diﬀerent guy.."
She knows you're into her and she's not into you.
Her biological process will continue to put you in a state of frame where she will
never respect you as a lover. Rather you're just a platonic guy.
And the reason for this is complex because the social structure is complex but I'll
explain it in simple way..
Women rely on subcommunication.
Women continually process mens behaviour to assess their own value, which is
why the feeling of attraction can change in seconds.
For women, their appearances is her main social value, but it won't change
drastically within seconds, minutes or weeks.
But a man's social value, his real status isn't his money, wealth, good clothes, but
his behaviour...and that can change...instantly!
How?
For a man to increase his value it is done in his behaviour.
It must not be needy. He must show he has options and he's of value.
He behaves cool, conﬁdent, dominant not passive. It is done visually. That's the
subcommunication non verbal way.
It is his behaviour, conﬁently approaches, strong cool personality, humour,
relaxed, calm, isn't intimidated by women and can communicate his desires
without putting her on a pedestal.
If she rejects he's cool about it. He walks away and he's already approaching other
women. His time is precious. He values his time.
It shows he has self worth and self respect.
So no matter any shit tests a woman does, anything she says...he is in his reality
and can reply and behave as such...
"I know who I am. I live in my reality.."
He can eject immediately, due to her behaviour and approach other women. He
has what most guys don't use...a choice to be treated with respect.
And he will do so with such skill, knowledge that he can walk away from her and
in a day he's got women ready to date him.
That's sub communication in behaviour.
It's visual not and it's not what he says but how he says it, and the underline
meaning behind his words.
He doesn't do things to get a response from her. He behaves in a way because this
is who he is anyway. He's in his own reality not hers.
At the same time, he can lose these attractive qualities fast beacause of his poor
needy behaviour.
So if a guy meets a girl who is physically attractive but insecure...she is still
attractive to him.

But if the girl meets a guy who she thought is attractive and she found out...he's
insecure...she will think of him as a good looking guy who has no substance. She
will move on to someone who has the personality she ﬁnds exciting, who isn't
needy and desperate.
Best to move on and approach other girls.
Forget all this over-thinking on what to say, how to say it because that's nothing
more than a guy doing things to get respond in a certain way.
You will only increase the negative views she has of you.
Move on and approach other girls.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do to get closer to my crush when we have
nothing in common?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This has nothing to do with commonalties but your own insecurities.
What are you really trying to avoid?
Being vulnerabile? Rejection?
It is the same fear talking, that has got you to crush on someone instead sticking
your neck out to approach the person, showing your true intent, by ﬂirting,
conversation, being fun and then ask them.
Picture this for a moment because this is how it is...in the real world than the
romance movies and what society is conditioned with....
You date someone because of commonalities like interest, values, opinion about
things in life. Then down the line, as we all know, people grow, change and in
doing so, their interest changes, the values changes, their opinions about things
in life changes.
Now what?
We're going to have the usual nonsense like..
"I love you but not in love with you.."
"We're just...not compatible..."
Because people believed love is enough. That commonality as well is the key.
That it's about ﬁnding a soulmate. The one.
That you ﬁnd someone with similar interest and love and all will be ok. That it is
meant to be. It's got to be so perfect.
This is the Disney eﬀect. The Hollywood and Bollywood jibberish which sells
tickets for movies and makes lots of money.
It's also social conditioning from years of fairytale stories, legends and myths
which is all about the good feeling.
So when someone doesn't feel good then what?
Instead of the reality that it's not about "meant to be" we acknowledge it takes
work, people willing to work together for a common goal called happiness
because...
Compatibility isn't about commonality.

It's a process, a positive attitude, a process of two people who are into each other,
willingly to work together for each other's happiness.
Right now, this has nothing to do with commonality but the same problems
thousands after thousand of people on here who are all living in...their...head are
going through.
Emotional state is very addictive.
If someone is used to looking for negativity then they will continue to do so. They
will continue to make this as their reality.
But someone whose emotional state is about growing, learning, taking risks, and
understands they're self worth is high anyway...they will see good in bad. They
will focus on changing the subject when someone talks negative.
You see this with people everyone even here.
Some shares knowledge and they got to be someone who tries to pull someone
down, putting lavels on someone, calling someone a play, a bad guy, a "oooh I am
so glad all the men are not like you."
Their reality is being shown. They don't realise they are showing who they really
are. If they were at some party, they'd say something to look better than someone
else or they'll be judging right now on how this person is a player, this girl is a
slut, this woman is a whore etc etc.
Why?
Because they are feeding their addiction. That's their reality.
Now here's yu're reality...
Always in your head, fearful, playing replaying same movie over and over again to
self sabotage because really, you're are scared to be vulnerable. You believe she or
her is out of your league.
This negativity has been in your mind for a long time, because somewhere, when
you was a child you have been wounded. You was born perfect but then the
hammering, the conditioning, the pain, the many things happening in your life
that has now created a reality in your mind.
This reality has been playing in your head over and over again.
You only attract you're reality and the strongest reality wins.
So if you're reality is it can't work, she/he is out of your league, they have more
value...status then this reality wins and you never take action.
Whenever you want something of success, you're unconscious immediately starts
telling yourself all sorts of why it won't wokr.
You mind starts telling you all kinds of negativity and blows it up to major
proportions.
It tells you that you're not going to be able to handle it psychologically because a
whole lot of shit is going to happen.
Even when you achieve something, your brain is always going to look at
something, even a tiny thing and blow it up into a big negative thing.
Why do you think this crush exists?
It exists because people are all in their head and not doing enough of just getting
to know someone, ﬁrting, conversating and asking the person out.
They are all in their head looking at what can go wrong.

That's what you're doing now...
"She/he's out of my league. What if this..what if that...what if this that..."
You're all in your head, over thinking and what you want slips through your
ﬁngers or...the lessons that will help you grow, even if you get rejected.
So forget about what your unconscious brain bullshits you with. People's
opinions, values, beliefs and interest changes.
You're over thinking to rationalise your own fears to take action.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do many men love cats?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like cats because...
1. I know what the cat wants and when it wants it. Cats very direct.
2. I know when the cat wants attention. Walks to you, meows, goes round
your legs, or jumps on your laptop. When it wants food it stands next to
it's bowl and meows.
3. I don't have to take the cat for a walk. It's independant. It walks out the
cat ﬂap and comes back when it's ready.
4. There is no...drama.
So when someone here said cats are like women....dream on.
Not even close.
;)
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I persuade my girlfriend that we human don't solely
live for pleasure?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't. This isn't about her but you.
What is it you fear?
The social mask you wear is saying..
"I want to convince her that we soley don't live for pleasure."
You're survival language is saying..
"I have to convince her so she doesn't fall for another guy, to satisfy her pleasure. . I
have seen her looking at other guys and ﬂirting. Or other guys ﬂirting with her.
She's going out clubbing and I am worried she fall for some guy while she's out with
her friends..I fear loss.
I fear abondonment. I fear she might fall for some other guy. I know she likes
pleasure, sex, etc etc...and if I can convince her about this, then I will control her
even more...and...she won't leave me for another guy."
Or probably you're not into sex and she is, and if you don't do so, she will go
somewhere else and ﬁnd what she desires.
Whatever is bugging you deep inside, ask yourself this question..

How do you think she will feel when you're telling her...her perception, her
reality is wrong?
How does anyone feel?
It's not a good feeling.
And if you keep going it will create arguments and all because of some fear.
Focus on building on the relationship.
Like making her feel good. Letting her know she's loved. Get to know her. Listen
to what she says about herself. You don't have to agree but you can listen and say
you understand where she's coming from.
Let her talk and you talk but without trying to win about an opinion. Let her feel
she has been listened and she will do same with you. Let her always walk away
from talking feeling great.
When she sees you, she feels great.
Taking her out and let her experience fun rich experience and memories with
you. Lots of other amazing things than trying to tell her that life isn't soley about
pleasure.
She knows that.
Do so by example than words.
She knows but she doesn't want you to tell her.
She got parents telling her that. She got probably some friends who telling her
and she's sick of it. She got society telling her. Everywhere people getting judged
and someone trying to change them.
She hates when someone treats her like a kid. She has had that already from
parents and teachers.
So forget trying to change her.
Accept her for who she is, her ideals, beliefs, perception and just give her an
amazing experience with you. Let go of the control.
You don't change people by being right.
You just focus on her heart and she will ﬁgure things out herself.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

I heard this guy has a crush on me but is it okay if I ask him if he
does?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you go in there like some detective then he's going to deny it because he will
think you're going to reject him. He will think you're asking because you heard
and you're going to humiliate him,
It's ego.
Personally a guy who tells others who he likes instead of him coming to you and
saying it..... won't have the balls to say he does when you ask him, face to face.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Do I have to have a nice body with muscles to attract women
and have a girlfriend? I'm a skinny guy in my 20s, and I like my

body. I don't want to have muscles. Can I stay skinny and
attract women if my personality were to be great?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The short answer is no. It's about making her feel. You're not seeing the big
picture. These guys make the girls feel something.
But if you want to learn more in what you can do, read on...
Scan this image and if you can copy it as a reminder...

See the grey area at the top. It's very small.
That's the conscious mind.
The conscious mind is only collecting data, facts, ﬁgures, details, content. It is in
the present and women in present can feel shit one minute and next minute
great. One minute ok and next minute not ok.
So if you're focusing on logic all time, facts, details and waiting for right time
thinking it's all about the right time...you're done.
It's not going to make her feel special, unique.
So guys who fail when approaching women do so because much of their focus is
the conscious...
Facts
Figures
Details
Content...small talk...thinking it's all about content. What to say when
really it's about how you say it by your subcommunication.
You can say whatever, but if your internal dialogue is fear, your body language,
your approach, your tonality will be picked up by women who have had years of
tuning the subcommnication language.
If you haven't done the work, approached many women, you're social instinct will
be very low, your social skills low, you're conﬁdence probably non existent when
it comes to approaching women.
You're personality isn't developed to a level where you can ﬂow with it with
comfort and ease. You can't adapt and it's diﬃcult to be real.
In other words, a man has all these great qualities inside of him but he just
doesn't know how to project them outwards in an attractive manner. He
never learnt to do so.
Why?
Because we are conditioned to believe about the outer appearances alone is value
but if you look at these guys with muscles, you don't take consideration of the
discipline, the work they did in the gym, the courage to approach girls.
They too got rejected and this is also not taken into consideration.
All you see is a result but not the journey at all.
You're focusing far too much from the outside to inside, rather than working from
the inside and outwards.

From day one, we are bombared with quick results, fast solutions, get rich ﬁxes,
and beauty from the outside.
We are also conditioned to believe we have to be rich, beautiful, good looking, got
a car, fancy job and all that to attract women. We see status, money, wealth,
clothes, good looks as value.
These are promoted in society through socially conditioning process. It is the
process of training people at an unconscious level to believe these are the values
that attract women but really, if you desire to succeed....you need to go beyond
the social norms and to the real deal.
That women are attracted to conﬁdent men, men who behave with mannerism
that the women's biological process sees as value. A man's conﬁdent behaviour,
the lack of neediness, the lack of insecurity, the lack of feeling intimidated by
groups of people and being able to walk in and socialise is attractive.
This is visual. this is sub communication.
The muscles.....if that is all one thinks makes a guy successful with women then
this is all what one sees. You only see attractive girls with guys with muscles.
The conscious mind can only focus on one thing at a time but the unconscious
can do a lot of multi-tasking.
The thing is - if you're so consumed with this one thing, them the unconscious
will ﬁlter out what you see, so you ONLY SEE what you believe.
That's...conﬁrmation bias.
You look for, you seek, you try to ﬁnd all that conﬁrms your belief that women are
only attracted to guys with muscles and will only be a girlfriend to guys with
muscles. That is all you will see.
Well, in a poor country that visual will be the most important of all because in a
poor country, ﬁnancial is important, money status is important. If you look
healthy, muscles, if you got great clothes, if you got hot watch, shoes, car, you
project power. You project stability. You project what is attractive there.
You'll get a lot of people's attention but a lot of the wrong type of attention.
That's what status is in that kind of world is.
But here in the west modern world the status is diﬀerent.
In the modern world, a man, wearing great clothes, got a job, income, looks good,
has curves or muscles isn't unique. Isn't special. Isn't rare.
It doesn't make you unique.
It's not a wonderful surprise to make someone go "Wow."
What is?
What one thing that gets a woman's attention the most and she remembers it?
It is behaviour.
The way you show vulnerability, willing to get hurt and yet, strong enough to take
it, as you approach women.
You show you know what you want and you're going for what you want.
That's your WOW FACTOR.
If you haven't realised yet, look around and you'll see many men are timid,
scared, insecure to approach women.

They may have great clothes, bodies, cars, job, income but when it comes to
approaching women......they hesitate. The logic kicks in and suddenly you ﬁnd
his guy who earns 40k....is passive. Is timid.
Is seduced by women's looks and so when she ﬁnds out he is weak, he has no self
respect, he thinks she's higher than him in value, she will psychological in a sub
communication way...put...him down.
When guys approach women with this state of mind they do not make women
FEEL comfortable. They become passive. They start to behave irrationally.
They are already messing up by hesitating and putting her on a pedestal.
They are already showing they are not unique because they hesitate like many
guys do, they just stare, they are scared of rejection.
They ask questions like..
How do I approach this amazing, wonderful, attractive woman?
She's so out of my league. What should I do to get her interested?
Where do I take her on a date to...IMPRESS.....HER?
Do I text ﬁrst or does she?
Since they are focused in all the noise in their head and hammering the
conscious mind of the woman.....they waste time.
They become needy...fearful of taking immediate action because they fear
rejection. They fear loss.
They put women on a pedestal.
They will also hesitate, over think...logic...logic = insecurties.
But look now at the Big White Space
This space is unconscious mind.
Do you see...
Facts?
Figures?
Details?
Content?
You see a man who understands the process of women. You see he knows it's not
about content. He knows that even if he met her for ﬁrst time...there is no
time...and she can feel she has known him for years in just a matter of minutes.
He knows it's about symbols by the way he behaves, by being fun, by immediately
taking action, but not taking it serious, by not taking oﬀence to her rejection.
He shows vulnerability by sticking his neck out and in doing so, he has already
stepped out of the crowd of many men.
He understands that it's about making a woman......FEEL.
He asks the right questions..
What emotional state of mind does she need to be in?
How do I get her to this emotional state of mind?
He invest less while other guys will invest much more time. He moves fast so he
doesn't build any images in his mind about her.

He welcomes rejections because he sees it as a ﬁlter system to move on to the
next women and next until...he gets to the woman he feels is worth his time. Until
he feels she shows interest the way he does.
You are so busy looking at these guys and you're not looking at yourself to do the
work. You're not doing enough of it to get to attract women.
Find who you are, your style, your trend, your personality and work on these.
Learn to project them from within to the outside in an attractive manner.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

After asking a college girl for her number, is it better to call or
text her ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can text ﬁrst but understand it's not really about that.
It is the other factors at play that will determine whether she returns your text or
your calls. It's the experience she had with you before she left.
It is going to be on how you approached her, how you interacted with her. If your
interacting with her wasn't emotionally high charged for her then she probably
won't return your text and message.
Don't worry about text or phone - because if you raised her emotional state high,
if you was a cool guy, if you wasn't pathetically romantically serious like most
guys, if you didn't play it safe, if you made her feel.."OMG! YES! I want this guy to
call me" then you'll be ok.
Even if you mess up on phone or text...she's going to call back.
So it is the approach, the way you made...her....feel in that moment when you was
with her, face to face, a few days ago.
What you don't do is like most guys..
Wait for days to call or text because emotional state goes down pretty quick. I
don't believe in chemistry. I believe in emotional state of mind.
I text end of the night something fun and I always get a reply on same night or
next day. Then I use texting not too much through week to build on attraction,
keep emotional state high and lead to the...phone.
From phone, I still be fun, build a little comfort to lead to dating her without
labelling it as a date. The moment she meets me, I behave she's my girlfriend and
that's how she knows it's really is a date.
That means I never have this problem about kissing, holding, touching nonsense.
It has been sorted, on phone, with playful role playing and she qualiﬁed herself to
me.
So whenever I meet women on ﬁrst date, I always..
I smile, upbeat
Kiss her on forehead
Embrace
Kiss her on lips
Take her hand and oﬀ we go.
And if any woman says "Ooh I won't do that," then understand you wouldn't have
come close to me even taking your phone number because I'd know instantly

your vibe. And if a woman gets past that, I will know in the texting or phone
process and it be over. I won't be meeting.
I believe....
A date isn't a resturant. A meal.
I never do resturants, movies and all that crap in begining stages of dating. Not
for a while. I don't need to impress. This is about connection, building on comfort
but still sprinkling attraction here and there.
Keeping the emotional state high.
What do I mean by emotional state?
It's like when she is in a night club her feelings high, positive, not logic but feeling
great because the night clubs are...designed that way.
They are designed to make girls hyper, let go, have fun, enjoy, feel horny due to
the fact her emotinal state is high.
But if you go into the same night club in day time, with lights on, it's cold, there is
no music then the atmosphere....that creates the mood is gone. She will behave
diﬀerently.
The only thing going for you is what she felt...when she was with you before she
left to go home.
So even if you got a girls attention on night, if she don't feel great about you then
she won't call back....
Attention + Feelings = long term memory.
So when you text or call, if her emotional state of mind was high with you before
she left then she will remember the feeling, and return the text or call.
Women don't need to be sexually aroused.
They need to feel high with positive emotions. It's not just one thing but feelings
from state of mind and emotions, throughout her body.
It is their emotional state of mind which most guys do not get, because they think
it is chemistry, think it's all about talking, touching...when really...it is emotional
state of mind, the psychology.
You fuck the mind ﬁrst and that creates the emotions in her body but
also...because her mind thinks its important...it stores this feeling connected with
you in her long term memory.
And by fucking her mind, I don't mean games. I mean she feels great, she feels
alive, she fantasises how it be like to be with you. She's curious and thinks being
with you is going to be awesome.
However, with all this, it is best you lead because when you leave it to the girl she
has control. Things can get in the way.
You're waiting for her to lead and her life like yours will be ﬁlled with many
distractions and also fears.
Just know, the phone and texting isn't the key nor getting the number is a date.
It's what happened when you was with her, the feeling she felt when she was with
you before she left.
If that didn't go well... it's not going to happen. That's what you need to work on
the most.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

What is a guy's opinion of a girl if the girl decides to sleep with
them on a ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As a guy, I'd see it she's conﬁdent, experienced and I know she isn't up her ass
about social norms, customs, tradition and insecurities.
Also, she won't judge me, assume like most girls do with labels "player." I know
she won't do what most girls do, play hard to get and become annoying, and
melodramatic over what is natural.
I see it attractive because she knows what she wants, and she goes for what she
wants. That's attractive for me because we live in a world ﬁlled with people who
are afraid to go for what they want especially when it comes to sex.
So if a girl ﬂows with it with sex on ﬁrst date, awesome.
I actually prefer that. It tells me she's matured from all the nonsense of dating
game and really just wants to get with it. That for me is great because there's no
drama. There's no pretending and no subtle messages.
I rather be in a relationship with her because she is honest about her feelings and
sexuality.
She's an adult, she knows what she wants, she's conﬁdent and she is secure about
herself and her life. That's attractive for me.
But I am talking about me, personally as a man.
I can't talk about other guys and there are millions of men on this planet who are
all diﬀerent in thought, experiences, beliefs and perception.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I stay friends with a girl that rejected me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You pursued her not to be a friend but to date her.
She rejected you.
When a guy orbits around a girl who rejected him with intention of getting closer
to her in hope she changes her mind....he is showing he is needy, desperate and
most of all, you demonstrate a very passive behaviour.
You're best bet is use your time wisely on your passion, on building your social
network of friends, in knowledge and skills with approaching and dating girls.
Time is precious.
When a guy puts himself in a humiliating position in which he lets the girl know
with his behaviour....that he cannot move on, that he puts her on a pedestal, that
he can't live without her and all due to to attain sex, then she won’t respect him.
When she sees your behaviour is desperate in attaining her attention and giving
her the possibility of putting you down psychologically, you are acting against
your own interest and so she will not respect you.
So be honest. Do you really want to be friends with her?
If so, limit your time with her if you want to be friends, make your intention clear
to yourself that this isn't about you wanting her. Don't be her emotional support
spend hours on end texting back and forth, on phone and hanging out with her
too much.

You want other girls to know you're available and you approach other girls.
If you can't do that, then block her number, delete from social media network,
don't give her anymore attention and move on.
35.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong not to date someone because they are sarcastic too
much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't be dating any woman if she makes me feel shit. So if someone is sarcastic
manner and makes me feel shit, if she brings drama and drama doesn't make me
feel good, then no way in hell we will be dating or going further.
That also includes friendship with people.
It's about feelings.
People don't remember what you say as much as how you make them feel.
So there's no point being with someone who doesn't make you feel positive. Now
that doesn't mean there are no downs in relationship but then again, if someone
is sarcastic a lot, which I don't like much, I won't be dating the person.
I like to feel good not shit when dating anyone. I don't like dating someone trying
to belittle me and trying to be sarcastic all time.
If it's done in good taste then maybe but rarely people do it in good taste.
But apart from that....there is no should, need to, got to, right or wrong. There is
no set rules in a sense.
There is only what you want.
How does the person...make you feel?
Do you feel great? Do you feel they care about you? Does the person take interest
in you? Does the person respect you and treats you with respect?
Are they loving with you?
You're having fun and excited being with the person?
Or not.
How does this person make you feel?
914 Views · View Upvoters

Today I spent a day with a girl and we kissed and walked with
our hands together but now we talk as nothing happened, what
does it mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can't wait for her to be in a high emotional state. There will be a lot going in
her mind and probably insecure. You need to lead.
She's not going to run up to you when she sees you and kiss.
You lead, you smile, you embrace, take her hand, kiss her on forehead and set the
frame, set the mood, be fun, laugh...don't make it a big deal.
None of this romantic serious stuﬀ either in beginning stages. Just be fun, but
also behave like a lover.

It is normal for her to be this way but only because you're not behaving like a
lover and expect her to do so.
It's normal for her to not lead and normal for her emotional state to be down. You
need to get that emotional state up high again.
That is done by your behaviour the moment she sees you.
She doesn't know what to do and how to show her feelings in that way because
right now, her emotional state of mind is low not high as it was when you ﬁrst
meet, walked about, kissed, held hand etc.
That means you need to now how to have the social instinct and skills to
converse, be fun, laid back, make her feel excited again.
It's only been a week so be fun, learn how to create the mood that helps her to
relax, feel comfortable and she sees you as a lover not a platonic guy friend.
Because that can happen if a guy is unsure of himself, doesn't lead and thinks it
takes time for it to happen. You need to lead and then you need to decide if she
isn't really someone you want to be with because she's not even putting eﬀort in.
So she is framing it like you're just friend?
Then you frame it that you're not and don't be afraid to either. Be bold, talk like a
lover, behave like one, be conﬁdent.
She's not going to lead because she probably thinks she'll be judged, labelled...so
make it easier for her. Behave like a lover, be fun, exciting, ﬂirt, and raise her
emotional state high.
When the mood is stagnating, when it's the same, when it's not emotionally high
and serious, then her unconscious will start thinking negative, worried about
stuﬀ but if the emotional state is high...it's easier for her to open up.
So next time you meet her...behave like a lover not platonic friend.
Lead, be a lover, be fun, not moody, not silent, talk...make her laugh, walk to
diﬀerent places, get her talking about things that make her feel alive.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Paul Oh Escobar

I am scared to be in a relationship because my partner is much
more attractive than me and I feel that he deserves better
should I break up with him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's a cop out.
What you're doing is what is called a pre-break up statement. It's self sabotage
and it is very insulting to him.
Why?
Because you assume to think you know better on what he wants....when you
don't. No one does. It has nothing really to do with him.
This is about you.
You had these insecurities long before you met him.
The truth is...
You got two languages.
The social mask language and the Survival Primitive Language.

If I didn't know these two, I'll be done for, never get a date and know to handle the
bullshit some people bring into the relationship, work, business and social life.
The social Mask language is where you avoid being honest with yourself and the
people around you.
In other words, you don't say what you really mean to avoid conﬂict,
awkwardiness, judgment from society or individuals, or friends, or other women
and men.
That is where all this subtle crappy hints, and signals from women comes from.
Survival.
Fear of being rejected, judged, ostracised by society because Ooooh a woman
approached a guy and not the other way round. Oooh bad bad girl. Must be a slut,
a whore, too easy. All of which are pathetic labels to control us all.
The social mask language says..
"I am scared to be in a relationship because my partner is much more
attractive than me and I feel that he deserves better should I break up with
him?
The Survival Primitive Language is REALLY saying this...
"I'm insecure. I am afraid of being intimate. I fear loss, abandonment. What
if I invest in the relationship and he meets someone else and I get really hurt.
I am scared. I don't like being vulernable.."
Take full responsibility for your own choice and say it..
"I'm afraid of being intimate. I am afraid of opening up to you because I have
come to my limit when it comes to intimacy. "
And then do something about it.
That's the truth right there.
The way you're saying it, is your making him the bad guy because he's so
attractive and you feel ge deserves better.
It's not true.
It's because you feel uncomfortable, you're scared of opening up, fearing loss and
abandonment. So you don't want to be intimate. Moment it gets serious you want
to blame it on something or someone else.
If you don't want to be in the relationship, ﬁne but don't say to him it's because of
him being so attractive and all that.
It's because you're scared of being intimate and getting too close.
It's a cop out.
It's a way for you to avoid being true to yourself and being honest to the person
you're relationship with.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if my new girlfriend talks a lot when I meet
her what does it mean? Is this a good thing? Also she talks a lot
of her problems
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's good she's talking a lot but not good she's talking about her problem. Most
women will say there's nothing wrong with it. But there is.

You need to make her feel comfortable because she's talking problems due to her
worried about something. Insecurities and this self sabotages. You're not her
friend, emotional support. You're her lover.
Behave like one. Politely move the conversation to positive or this ship will sink.
It will get real awkward later on.
Many women don't know they unconsciousl fuck it up when dating guys by
making their emotional state down.
When their emotional state is down it's not fun. The drama kicks, in, the fear
kicks in, the logic kicks in, the sexual insecurities kicks in and a million other
things going round their mind.
So you need to lead to raise emotions up and do not get sucked in talking about
negativity, and be her therapist. You'll only attract drama and you need to show
you're not a guy who wants drama.
You need to lead, and not let negativity dictate when she's with you.
When she talks negativity, she's getting her emotional state down, so she is
insecure about something, worried about something. Probably all that bullshit
most women are thinking about.
You need not solve her problems but also you need to lead by showing empathy
but moving the conversation to positive...
"Hey, it must be frusrating for you but I can tell you're strong person, and
can handle anything. By the way.."
Then move the conversation to positive, make her laugh, have fun, positive
experience. Raise her emotional state.
Keep doing that but if you ﬁnd she has this personality where she is going to keep
doing that, well, I don't know about you...but I didn't date to be a therapist to
listen to all her problems.
Don't get annoyed, stay calm and make your frame strong by leading the
conversation away from negativity politely.
There is a thing called Temperature, to describe emotional state...
Imagine you're in a night club. These are speciﬁcally designed to raise the
emotional state of women high. It's happy, happy, fun, and craziness. Everthing
goes and dancing like they are nutters.
They see their friends and SCREAM as they see their friends, hugging, laughing,
and going drinking, dancing.
It's all on.
Now if these same girls went to this same night club in the day time, lights on, no
music, no crowd...what do you think the emotional state be then?
Down!
Do you like walking into an empty night club?
Do you like walking into an empty party?
Or do you like walking into a packed, music thumping, bass kicking, girls and
guys dancing, and it's happening?
That's why you need to raise the emotional state.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I text this guy again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Relax. For guys, saturday and sunday are days we'll be busy with friends, getting
ready to go out and all sorts.
Sunday, we'll be trying to rest and if the guy drinks, then his head will be banging
for sure. So give it some time.
Give it till next week, monday.
Also it depends what you text. You see, when you text a guy you need to
appreciate that we're diﬀerent. Texting to just say hi or how you met isn't going to
much.
But I don't know what you texted him.
When you text, you need to lead it to a goal. For example, lead it to a suggestion to
meet. So something like..
"Hi, this is (your name) it was great talking to you at (name of venue). There is a
cafe that has awesome reviews on Yelp. Let;s ruin it's reputation, on tuesday or
thursday :D."
So now you said hi but you also lead it to a goal to meet. And when one meets
they make their intent clear. That way you're not looking for intent.
I personally make my intent clear from the get go. I won't ask a woman's number
until I show intent and she shows it too.
But wait until Monday and see what happens.
If he doesn't text back then best to let him go and move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I keep reading that you should be around people that love you
and get rid of those that bring you down. What should I do if no
one loves me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have a saying...
"If you see yourself as shit, then don't complain when you attract swarms of
ﬂies because that's what....shit...attracts."
If you don't love yourself then of course, that's the attitude you have right now.
We don't attract what we want. We attract who we are.
Most people have it upside down these days.
Most people think by having lots of people it will create love inside of them. It
doesn't. You ﬁrst sort yourself out, your values out, your integrity out, your
boundaries and then when you love yourself..you will behave in a manner that
attracts such people who will respect you...and your time.
I rather get rid of everyone if I was in your position and start again.
World is big.
Everyone isn't going to treat you like shit.
There are lots of good people around but understand, good people will see the
type of people you associate with and they'll not want to hang around you.

Now if you don't know about loving yourself, if you don't know about integrity, if
you don't know how having character behaves, then how are you going to be able
to identify a good friend anyway?
You won't be able to because you be so blinded due to your fear of loss, your
neediness...in seeking validation...approval...acceptance...that you won't see the
traites, behaviour and your social instinct will be upside down.
First...learn to be alone.
Nothing wrong with be alone.
I learnt to ﬁrst be alone and I love being alone but I got many...many friends.
Tons of them but I am not afraid of being alone.
I have no fear, whatsoever if they all disappeared, even if I love them and care
about them because I am not deﬁned by how many people I have around me.
I don't need a woman to be loved.
I don't need friends to be loved.
I don't need a crowd of people voting to be loved
I love myself anyway and now...I give out the love to all I meet but only the ones
who respect my time, my boundaries get close. Those who don't, they will not
have my time and time builds and nurtures meaningful relationships.
Why would I put time to make someone special, unique with me if they do not
treat me with the respect as well?
If you don't understand what I mean about special, unique, meaningful, read this
link below:
Adam Taha's answer to What does The Little Prince learn from the fox?
So back to how we started...
"If you see yourself as shit, then don't complain when you attract swarms of
ﬂies because that's what....shit...attracts."
Learn to be alone for a while and ﬁgure yourself out.
12 Views · View Upvoters

What does it means when your new girlfriend says to you "don't
attach too quickly or too much to me"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl says that, don't invest too much in her:
See her only once or twice a week
Don't text her everyday and don't phone everyday
Anytime you do meet her, be fun, not serious
Don't promise exclusivity to her. She doesn't want comittment.
Approach other girls and let her know you're not being excclusive, not
serious, having fun too.
And don't expect it will last either.
She's not looking for long-term boyfriend or she is not looking for a needy guy
who has tons of time, wanting to see her everyday, texting everyday.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

There is girl I really care for and like her from bottom of my
heart but I cant propose her as she receive such proposal every
single day, what to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn't matter how many men propose to her every single day.
It's irrelevant and here's why.
You may think that the status that stands out the most is the look, the money, the
wealth, the degree, and all most think about.
That is ok in a very poor country where they didn't see much of that. You can go
there just a suit, some shiny shoes you bought for $10 and a banged up car and
you'll get lots of heads turning. You'll be seen as more attractive to others.
That is status in that world.
But in the modern world, there are many guys who will show this and so you
won't stand out as much.
The real status in the modern world is your behaviour.
What type of behaviour?
Conﬁdence. Belief in himself. Approaches no matter how many suitors have
come to propose to some girl.
When a man approaches a woman but not in a way in that he confessing love,
trying to win her heart like Bollywood bullshit movies and the way most women
like you to know, but rather....by showing vulnerability.
He sticks his neck out, holds his emotions and just shows his interest. He doesn't
do it subtley but let's her know he is into her. He says to her he is attracted to her
and that he likes to get to know her better.
He doesn't do what most do, trying to tell her he loves her, she's the one and all
that nonsense. Don't be naive. This is not the way.
Instead have character and show vulnerability in a conﬁdent manner.
You just approach and let her know your interested in her. Show your
vulernability and in doing so you're saying non verbally...
"This is me. Take it or leave it."
This is REAL status.
You know who you are. You know what you want but if she does not show interest
back....you're not a fool to waste time. You're not naive but a man of the world
who knows...love is not enough.
Caring for someone is not enough.
That it must come both ways or forget it.
You're not a desperate, needy man who is immature but wised up.
That you will not invest anymore if she doesn't show interest back.
So if she plays hard to get.
If she plays drama
If she plays games
If she doesn't give you a YES and instead of lots of half answers....

If she doesn't show clearly her interest to you...
You walk away. That's how you show conﬁdence. That is how you show real
status. That is how you show belief in yourself.
Yes, she can also date other men, marry other men. So what?
You can also date other women, marry another woman. No big deal. The world is
big and ﬁlled with women.
So don't put any woman on a pedestal.
If you do, this dictates how you will be treated later on by her.
So if you want to be treated with respect and if she says yes, she knows she cannot
treat you as a doormat and create drama.
She knows you have a lot of respect for yourself. She knows she has a strong man
who can take the storm from the world when it comes. That you don't get sucked
in by everyone else's reality but they step into your reality.
So don't listen to all this talk from her or her friends, or anyone that lots of guys
have come to propose to her.
So what?
Don't put her on a pedestal and don't build some big picture about her in your
mind. She is one woman on this planet.
Just approach, show your intent, show vulnerability and do it fast.
That shows you're a man who doesn't cower when challenges appear. You're not
going to do that when going to study at a university, or getting a job or when you
want things to happen?
So why do it with when it comes to relationships with women?
This is your real status. Behaviour.
Women love a man who is conﬁdent and who knows about women, and women
who don't like that....who fear that...are insecure...you don't want to bother with
them anyway.
Hey, don't worry. Such women will self sabotage anyway if they insecure, Create
some drama to have an argument because they think your value is high than
theirs or she has some guy out there. So what? No problem.
She's one woman out of millions out there.
You're real status is..how you behave.
Don't hesistate because hesitation shows weakness.
Hesitation shows you are unsure of yourself, on what you want and you fear the
world when you want to get something. No woman desires a man who is weak to
such level.
So believe in yourself and do not put women on a pedestal.
Approach and behave like you got status and if she rejects, walk away. Do not
convince. Do not chase. Do not beg and don't do what so many guys do.
Rejection tells you, who to not be with and that she's not the one. It helps you to
screen out women who will waste your time.
This is the natural process of life.

It gets you to get to the woman who will one day say YES to you but you need to
learn to move on fast when rejections happen.
Whatever reason she gives, whatever excuses she gives, whatever....you say..
"Ok."
Then you move on like she never was in your life.
If you do not respect the natural process of life then you will suﬀer. You will go
through drama. You will ﬁnd yourself get hurt real bad. You will invest lots of
time in a woman who doesn't care about you.
You will waste time on women who are just insecure, want to ﬂirt for just fun,
boredom, trying to prove to themselves about something, or bitter at the world so
they use you.
Yes, there are women like that as there are men like that too.
This way, you screen them out immediately.
Approach, show vulnerability fast and if she rejects...walk away immediately.
Show you have the balls, self respect and options to walk away.
Have self respect and take the sign from life for you to move on fast so you
approach other women, so you get a YES fast.
A man who knows what he wants, goes for what he wants.
He doesn't let anything stop him but he will not spend any time with a woman
who doesn't recipocrate back to him and is packaged with drama.
He has high self worth in his mind and status in his heart.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

After how many dates should a couple progress to sex? Assume
a couple is in their mid-late 20s, pretty modern, live in a big city
(NYC), and both are looking for a serious relationship. What is
the etiquette for escalation from holding hands to sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are no rules. There isn't any of this "should" and "must."
It depends on you and the person you're with. Sometimes I meet a woman at a
night club and we later go home and have sex. Sometimes, I will date and we
won't have sex until two days later. Sometimes, it's a week later.
Sometimes, it's a month later.
I don't follow social norms, someone's rules, or what magazines say, or what
society says. Nor do I follow some standards in society.
So if you both want sex the moment you meet in a car, go for it. If you want sex
after a coﬀee and you go to her place or yours, go for it. If you both want sex two
days later, a week, whatever, go for it.
If you both feel the mood, the high emotional state, go for it.
You both decide .
Has nothing to do with what society thinks, rules and should and must, and
standards kind of thing.
It's between you and who you are in relationship with.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sunny Syracuse

What do I do if she says I'm too young?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - You're too young
Answer 1 - Yeah... I know...I stole my big brother's ID, and snuck into the night
club (start looking for my ID frantically, through all my pocket then grin)
Answer 2 - "Don't worry... I won't hold it against you... I'm not like that. So don't
worry about. It's cool."
So the deal here is don't take it seriously.
Just have fun with it and don't follow the logic most people tell you. This is about
vibe, emotions. So be fun, show social vibe, social strong instinct.
Like you don't give a shit and not to impress her, but to enjoy just having fun.
Don't do what most guys do and start proving yourself to her, getting all serious.
Just make these moments fun and it doesn't matter if she doesn't date you.
Plenty of women on this planet but don't get intimidated by such questions.
Just relax, have fun with it. Do these with a smile.
20 Views · View Upvoters

What am I supposed to do to make her know that I like her too
much?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to distance yourself from ever telling her how you feel. This is where
you are getting the wrong end of the stick.
This is a very strong rejection.
She is giving you a warning. To not text her anymore and approach her in such
manner again.
Second, you need to get some knowledge about the psychology in regards of
women. For example, you mentioned some details, facts, ﬁgures..
She's a Christian, I'm a Hindu.
*She speaks malayalam, I speak Kannada.
*She's 1year elder that me.
Take a look at the image below ﬁrst...

See the small grey area. That's the conscious mind and it's all about facts, ﬁgures,
details that you have mentioned. It is...irrelevant.
Look how small the grey area is.
The woman isn't going to care about such details until you care about how to
make her feel good. Feeling good isn't going to come from small talk and how
much money you're making, if your from this community, that community,
height, weight etc cetre.
What will matter is how she feels when you approach her and if she feels excited,
senses a rapport with you, thinks you're a cool guy and is curious to such she
thinks..

"DAAAAAAAAAAAMN! I so want to date this guy. I hope he gives asks for my
number and gives me his.."
For that to happen she needs to be in an emotional state.
This is about social dynamics too. Sometimes work place, study place or empty
night club...it be very diﬃcult for a woman to be on a high positive emotional
state.
And even if she is, women always self sabotage except if you look hot, good
looking and like a model god!
Yeah, yeah. Women going to say..,
"OOh I don't go for looks but..PERSONALITY." Yawn.
I don't know how many times I've tested this out to such a level it makes you
cringe when they say such bullshit and especially, when you got like 20 years of
psychology of human behaviour and women psychology under your belt.
When I hear that I just roll my eyes and say..
"Sure, sure."
Women will not say online or in anyone's face..
"YES. I so want to ride this guy so hard. YES! TAKE ME NOW!"
It be more like..
"What will he think if I was too easy?"
"What will my friends thinks?"
"What if he thinks I'm a slut, whore, too easy?"
"What will people think?"
"How does he deﬁne me in the real world?"
"How will I be seen to everyone else including my friends, parents etc."
All this is in that white area.
Up front is a social mask where people show what they want people to see and
hear but there is another language.
The primitive, survival language that shit tests a guy and even when some idoit
says this is invention by man due to his insecurities. Women shit test at an
unconscioius level.
It means, she is always self sabotaging herself to be..at the low emotional state.
If you don't believe me, talk to a woman and I gurantee you, in the ﬁrst minute
she already be self sabotaging, talking about negativity, about past relationships,
about how hard life is, about how guys just wants sex.
She be like..
"I want to say, that I'm not into casual relationship but serious relationship."
Now who the hell tells a guy this on ﬁrst date?
Only a desperate guy will agree to this.
You can't agree to something like this because the guy doesn't know her, he hasn't
even had a relationship with her, she probably a psycho for all we know, she
probably have tons of hang ups about sex, the guy hasn't even lived with her yet.

And as we know, we don't know a person for real, until you live with them for a
while, like 6 months-1 year.
You haven't even dated her past ﬁrst week, got to know her, become really
intimate, sexually imtimate too - and - most women are going to talk about
having a serious relationship.
When people feel comfortable with you, really comfortable, their masks suddenly
comes oﬀ and they show a little bit or more of their TRUE SELF. If you're too
needy and start saying YES because you fear loss then you're heading for trouble
because you do not know her yet.
It's immature to ask such committment at such an early stage.
She knows that!
So what's going on?
Her insecurities, of..
"But what if all he wants me is for sex?"
"What if he has sex with me and dissappears?"
"What if he thinks I'm far too easy?"
And lots of abanondonment issues. It's also a projection of her past experience
she is bringing into the relationship with you.
Rather than getting to know you, she's already judging, already dictating a role
for you, already trying to get committment because she thinks if she gets a
committment early one...you will stay with her.
This is a myth. A fallacy the mainstream and most women and some men
promote in society today.
That's all in that white area.
If you don't know about these things and don't know how to handle such
things...woman will self sabotage.
It be over before you even know it.
Some women have matured, understand this and have grown, self developed and
realise they are pushing good men away.
They understand the process of dating more and relationships.
This is where so many guys get wrong and I see this mistake repeated time and
time again. This grey area isn't about feeling but it's about data.
It's about feelings.
It's about how to make her feel alive but at the same time be able to minimize the
drama as well, and not see it as something against you..
When a woman feels amazing when she's with the guy who is fun, is a challenge
too, can't be treated like a doormat because she doesn't need to be horny, into sex
to be into a guy...she be aroused to know more about him.
If she her emotional state is not hight...and...instead it's low emotional state that
makes her feel down, or concerned, or feels her space is being invaded, or
uncomfortable...she will shut down.
It's about feeling rather than facts, ﬁgures and data.
Take a look at the big white space.

See how big it is. This is where you went wrong. This white space isn't about facts,
ﬁgures and details.
It's not about you approaching telling a woman about your feelings.
Nor is it about logic in trying to convince her and asking her the reason. That's
logic. This isn't about logic.
This is about emotional state of a woman not logic.
Her emotional state with you is very low.
Your approach, your sub communication, how you verbalise makes her feel
uncomfortable, awkward and also nervous.
Your internal subcommunication is giving oﬀ a vibe that shuts her oﬀ.
When she started to behave in a certain way you reponsed in a needy way. Instead
of getting sucked into her drama.
When a man knows how to communicate with women, he makes them smile,
laugh, he ﬂirts, he doesn't get serious confessing feelings.
He doesn't ask,
"How do I get her to like me?"
"How do I get her to date me?"
"How do I get her to fall for me?"
He asks..
"What emotional state of mind do I need her to be in?"
"How do I get her to this emotional state."
Because then, when a guy gets a woman to the high emotional state, she will
desire the guy because of the feeling he gives her.
Logic is when she rationalising against knowing him and against seeing him as a
sexual man. The man has put her in that position in making her feel
uncomfortable.
Now, this doesn't mean that every woman will desire you even if you know how to
do this but it does mean, if there is a likelihood of a woman does like you, does
desire you, then you will not self sabotage by making her feel uncomfortable.
You will make the process more comfortable for both of you, easier and the
conversation is much rich and fun.
Also, if you know the obstacles women go through you can help them to not take
things so damn seriously and for them to relax.
Of course, there are many women who have tons of insecurities and it's best to
walk away and not bother because you'll attract lots of drama.
If you look on Quora and online, you will see many women who wrote on how
guys approached them, and they lied to the guy but then wish they didn't, and
wish they said yes to the guy.
That happened due to emotions and it has a lot to do with social programming.
They have lots of things on their mind before the guys knew these women.
Women are emotionally present in that moment of time.
So if they feel shit, if they feel nervous, if they feel uncomfortable, if they fear
something, they will say no to the guy, even if they like the guy....in that moment,
that second she will give rejection.

That doesn't mean a no is a yes.
Always take a no as a no, and any such logic like her being busy, isn't ready for
relationship, blah blah...as a no.
It doesn't matter why they say it. The intent is she said no. That's it. Forget
overthinking and convincing. Walk away.
If their emotional state is high then they will be feeling comfortable with a guy, if
they feel great inside, if they feel safe, secure then....if the woman likes the
guy...she will say yes.
That is, if she isn't a woman who has some belief of playing hard to get, which
makes a simple process complicated.
An example of this, as follows..
Do you know why women protect their friends in night clubs?
When a guy approaches one of their friends, sometimes one of her friend will step
in to prevent the guy talking to the girl.
This is because they know the night club is designed to create high emotional
state, and when a woman is high emotional state, it is far easier to get close, to
kiss, to embrace, and yes, later take her out, and get her number.
Even leaving together.
Drinks are involved so their walls are down too.
What can happen due to high emotions state, is it makes many women receptive
to approaches. If the guy is conﬁdent. If he knows what he's doing.
It can easily get a woman to walk oﬀ with the guy but her friends, don't want to
get blamed for anything that happens. Then she will say..
"You knew I was drunk. Why didn't you stop me?"
They know they are all emotionally high in this club scene and they keep an eye
on each other better than guys do with each other. Women protect each other but
also, compete with each other. So intervening can also be due to jelousy. That
their friend is getting the attention than they are.
Now...go back to the same night club when it is day time, afternoon, with lights
on.
You will feel how cold it is. You will not get the same emotional high state vibe.
Even if the place is packed. It's a very diﬀerent vibe.
You're emotional state of mind will be low not high.
Many guys will share how they walked out with a woman in a night club but the
moment they got home, light switched on...the mood changed. Her emotional
stat changed and so, nothing happens. Not even a kiss.
She leaves.
So even the environment, the warmth, the music type, the lighting, and other
elements can immediately change because of this BIG white space.
Forget about this one woman.
Approach other women and do not invest anymore time with her. Don't inﬂate
her ego anymore. Don't invest anymore with her.
You need to expand your experience more. There is no such thing as "the one."
Plenty of women out there, smarter, who treat you right, who will be into you,

more attractive etc.
Believe me., when I look back years later on women I liked, I now think.
"WTF was I thinking?"
I'm sure women also look back at guys they were so infatuated with and today
they are like...
"WTF was I thinking of?"
Go to class. Don't show you're intimidated about her.
Or see if you can be moved to another group. Look for solutions but don't stop
going to classes because she's there.
You don't let anything, any woman or man prevent your future. Go into class,
head high. Find a solution than missing classes.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to date someone you're not attracted to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, is it ok? Is it normal? Is it abnormal?
These questions is all about what others thinks when you need to think about
what you want.
Personally, I'm going to be honest with myself and I won't be approaching or
dating someone who I don't ﬁnd attractive to me. It's not selﬁsh. It's what I desire
and I'm not going to waste my time and someone else's time either.
Life is hard enough as it is and so is dating, with much bullshit games most
people do, to then have to do the work, approach and all that, which us guys do,
for someone I'm not attracted to.
I have standards. I have a desire. I am going to be honest about it.
I don't care if the person is in love with me because love isn't enough. I need to
love the person too and that's the beginning..
Adam Taha's answer to Is love enough?
If you see on Quora, you'll see many women and men saying how they love
someone, they so nice, so honest, trusting, amazing BUT...they fell in love with
someone else. BUT they met someone else at work and on and on it goes.
Love isn't enough.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a man change?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it's a Man desiring to change himself:
1. He needs to renew his thoughts
2. Read books
3. Change his routine
4. Choose the the type of reward that ignites him to keep doing what he
does.

5. Associate with like minded people who inspire him about his passion. So
if he is wanting working towards a business then he needs people who
are not job mentality but people who believe in him, who inspire him,
who support his dream by words, encouragement.
6. Be bold enough to let anyone else who try to tell him anything else to
keep their opinions and their job mentality to themselves. Not everyone
is wanting a job. Some have a dream for something else and a positive
environment that isn't about "money...money" but more on helping him
develop himself to move it with his business is the key. Most of time, if
not all time, it's not money he wants but encouragement from his
enviroment.
If It's Some Else Trying To Change him.
If you met this man when he was..
1. Not in a job
2. He's shy
3. He's introvert
4. Or had a passion for something and it's a struggle for him but he's trying
to do it
5. He's this or thatIf the desire for the pleasure is greater than the pain, or
the pain is greater than the comfort zone, he will change.
Don't try and change him. Don't put your agenda on him. Find someone else if
you want a man who has other qualities.
But also, some consideration that he maybe a man of vision, dream and is
working on his what he likes to do while other people try to change him.
It be due to his thoughts, attitude towards life, who he associates with and the
people around him inspires rather than keep reminding and nagging him.
It is very frustrating when people try to do that.
It's why people don't ever ask help ever again because when a man asks for help,
people seem to think it's their permission to keep nagging him to do it. Not
realising he probably is doing it but in his own time and quietly. See comment
under this answer for more on this.
People see success diﬀerently and it maybe success for him is diﬀerent to
material, riches and jobs but rather achieving something like a business which
takes time or learning a skill. Like a legacy.
What won't change him is the ongoing nagging from a woman, man or friends.
That's something most just can't help themselves doing but they'll soon realise,
that it's best to leave the man alone to change.
Or encourage him by stop giving snidey comments or encouragements about
something else he's not into to fulﬁll some agenda.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a shortcut to wisdom?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"That which you cannot grow through you will go through again and again"
There is no short-cuts to wisdom.

Even if you had the best mentor, best coach, best teacher....you will ﬁnd there are
no short-cuts to wisdom.
One of the greatest obstacles every individual will realise is life is a constant
orchestration of growth through adversity and challenge. So go through pain
instead of letting it go through you.
The moment anyone doesn't accept the growth principles of life, they accept the
static principles of death.
That which you cannot grow through, you will go through again and again.
655 Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok to tell a man you like what you want in a relationship? I
told him that I want a committed relationship. He’snot sure he
wants to be with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends. Do you know him, dated him for some time?
If not, he doesn't know you yet to determine such an answer. He probably won't
answer if it was way too early.
Interesting though, I ﬁnd this question on Quora
Why does he text me back when I tell him not to if he's not interested in a long
term relationship?
For me, if a woman said that, it's ﬁne but I'm not going to be naive to comitt and
say yes to long term relationship for the following reason..
1. I don't know her that well.
2. I don't know her well enough. People don't show who they really are
instantly until later on, when they become comfortable and the social
mask comes oﬀ. Then you see much more, which brings me to next one...
3. I haven't even dated her for a span of time, like 3 months to a year.
4. I haven't lived with her. Dating someone and living with them is a
diﬀerent thing entirely. I remember years ago, I dated a woman for a year
but when we moved in a year and half late, total change.
5. I haven't had sex with her. She could be awful at it and got hangups,
insecurities that can eﬀect future initmacy.
Been there. Never again.
I'm talking from personal experience.
If a woman said to me she wants serious relationship I just met her, it's not going
to happen. I cannot give an answer to such questions when I don't know her.
It's like a woman on ﬁrst date or second date, or third day saying..
"I am looking to marry a guy and have babies."
It's not going to happen. I'll walk away.
So yes, you can say whatever you want but also understand from the other person
point of view. If he doesn't know you that well, there is a higher chance of him
saying no and walking.
That's what dating is about.

Getting to know someone, showing who you are, the other person also gets to
know you and showing who they are. The more they know what's appealing...why
they want to spend time with you in a serious relationship, the easier it is the
person can say yes.
It's not about whether a man is not serious about a monagmous relationship.
Many men who are monagamous are not going to say yes when they dont' know
the woman they are dating that well.
Many men have come with past experiences so they are not going to suddenly say
yes. They want to get to know the woman ﬁrst.
So the question is...have you been dating this guy for sometime or did you say
this in the ﬁrst date or so, when it was early, and when he doesn't know you
intimately that well?
367 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Barbie Saxon

I am a social butterﬂy but my boyfriend is not and it holds me
back, how do I handle this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am dating some women who are not social butterﬂy. They rarely go out except
one does but even then she is busy working for a large company, goes to gym in
the evenings, so you can see some are busy.
But I go out out, doing my own thing.
They are not holding me back at all.
They have their own friends, they go and meet their own friends, I meet my own
friends when I give time too.
I have met people who say they are social butterﬂy but ﬁnd most of them rude,
impatient and lack empathy. I ﬁnd them bring more drama than most.
I'm more concerned about their personality in that they are kind, compassionate,
no drama and willing to work together for each others happiness.
Let me put it this way...
This isn't about lack of compatibility because compatibility isn't about interest
most look for. Compatability is a process, an attitude, a willingness in which
lovers work together for each others happiness.
That's what compatibility is.
And with it comes...maturity and communication.
Communicate your feelings to him calmly and work together.
You can read more about this in answer..
What are some ways people sabotage their relationships?
So it's not about compatibility because people change, grow, opinions about life
changes. If compatibility was about other person's interest is similiar to ours,
then it means we always moving from one person to another looking for this
mystical compatibility because people change.
This is about something is up with the relationship that's deeper than the reason
he's not a social butterﬂy.
There's nothing wrong with him.

He's probably been this way and he just doesn't like socialising much. Even if he
changed...compatability as I said is about attitude, process, the willingness to
work together for each others happiness.
Instead of seeing this him not being a social butterﬂy as ﬂaw, see it as other
things you can do together because that's what lovers do who are into each other.
There is much more to him than being a social or not a social butterﬂy.
I'm sure when you met him you didn't think..
"He's attractive because he's a social butterﬂy."
If any of the women I date are not social butterﬂies, it's ﬁne. I have a big life, I go
out and socialise, I don't make it a big deal. I love the person anyway and I'm not
going to control them. It's ﬁne.
They don't need to be social butterﬂies.
If woman like to just chill with coﬀee at home, with a magazine, ﬁne by me. Or
stays at home with herself or with friends, cool by me. I'll go out and meet her
later and do things we can do together later.
Even if it means sitting down with a drink, playing chess or cards. I don't care, as
long she is kind, feminine, compassionate, no drama, has empathy.
We work together for each other's happiness.
Maybe infatuation is now gone.
The magic dust is dissappearing and what most do, instead of realising it takes
working together for each others happiness...most people look for ﬂaws in their
partner.
Below are some answers that might help..
Adam Taha's answer to What are some ways people sabotage their relationships?
Adam Taha's answer to Where have all the good guys gone? If there are any out
there, where are they and how do I meet one?
Adam Taha's answer to Is love enough?
Try and sit with your boyfriend, talk together, ﬁnd what he's into and ﬁgure out
ways to do things together. If not, well...it's up to you.
Maybe leave and ﬁnd some guy who is a social butterﬂy, as it seems important for
you to have a man who is.
But he isn't holding anyone back including you.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Keevin Tamplin

Reading: How can I become better at retaining information
that I read for the ﬁrst time?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing

Answered May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was a teacher, many students had diﬃculty retaining information and so
I designed an early morning class and evening class to help them.
I learnt an eﬀective method from a book called The Universal Laws Of Success by
Herbert Harris. So credit goes to Herbert.
There are other methods but I found this one to be the most eﬀective.
For you to retain information you need study skills.

Without this skill, you will become discouraged on the dedicated path you are
going on as a result of the diﬃculty you have in retaining information.
It is here where I introduce to you the....
The SQ3R METHOD
1. The ﬁrst step... Survey (S)
A) You need to ﬁrst survey the whole book/materials. Scan through it because this
is important for your unconscious mind. You don't see through your eyes but
with your unconscious mind.
Your eyes are but the window of your brain. They there to collect data for the
unconscious mind to create a pattern which you will rely on.
The Survey method needs to be done thoroughly and quickly,
Scan the whole book. You scan the way the information is organised and
the format it's in. Give the unconconscious mind the information it
needs regarding the format and how it is organised.
Pay special attention to the table of contents and the headings of each
chapter.
Look for any outlines or summaries of the material covered. Read these
outlines and summaries carefully.
Familiarize yourself with the style of writing and the way information is
organised in the book.
2. Question On What You Expect To Learn (Q)
This is a very important step so please don't skip. The students who didn't skip
this found themselves having more success than the students who did.
After you have scanned/surveyed the book you're read....write down
relevant QUESTONS (Q) you expect you will learn from the book to
answer.
The main purpose of surveying the book and writing the relevant questions is to
stimulate your unconscious mind.
Why?
It's to call forth the information you already know from what you've
studied...when you need to.
As you survey the book or any material...you instruct your unconscious mind,
silently, in your mind to recall all that you know about the subject by saying...
"Whatever I know about (this subject) comes to the forefront of my
thinking"
So if you got some insecurity issues, this is the time to sort them out as well as
your your self talk to avoid self sabotaging your eﬀorts.
So none of this...
"I cannot remember what I read."
"I'm not good at (subject or task)."
Like anything in life, whether studying, achieving something in sports,
relationship, dating or goals...if you let your own insecurities hinder you, then
you will reap what you sow.

That is in everything. It is easy to blame someone else for one's own mistakes,
own insecurities and fears. That's what sabotages much of people's eﬀort in life
whether it is success in studies, relationship, dating, goals and even business.
You're slowing your own progress and the results down.
Get yourself out of the way of your success.
Or your insecurities will become a self fulﬁlled prophecy.
3. Read the full book and take notes (R1)...
Read the book thoroughly.
As you read the book, think about the questions you once wrote. The
same questions you expect the book to answer.
Don't get side tracked from your reading as you do. Continue reading the
book until you complete it all from the beginning to the end.
Make brief notes of important information the book covered.
Once you're done, ask yourself if all your questions have been answered.
If they haven't, why not? If they have, write down the answers.
4. REVIEW (R2)...
Now that you've read the book and wrote down the questions the book supposed
to have answered...and...answers....you REVIEW the book a second time (R2)
Look at your notes and focus on them and the marks you've made or
notes/book.
Make additional notes if you need to.
Review the important points and focus on learning them.
5. FINAL STEP.....RECITE (R3)...
Make sure you're on our own and not in a library when you do this ﬁnal step.
You'll annoy a lot of people if you do this in front of them in the house ;)
RECITE (R3) orally what you have learned from your studies not from
the book. This is about understanding what you studied.
Anything you cannot recall when you do the recitation, you probably
won't remember and be able to recall later on.
Recite the important points over and over again until they are etched in
your mind. IUntil they are part of you, you are conﬁdent and you're not
stumbling. You understand what it is...you have studied.
Once you have recited the points without looking at your paper notes,
you have mastered....the material once and for all.
Even if you don't understand some of the book, you at least been able to recall the
information for the future when you need it.
The more you do it, then more you feed your unconscious on what it is
you're trying to achieve.
The unconscious has organised a pattern to easily ﬂow with it because of the
information you gave it by doing these steps.
It's like the way you learn to drive a car.
In the beginning you have to excert a lot more eﬀort at an conscious level. The
more you drive, one hour or two a week, you're unconscious begins to create a
pattern. You begin to excert less eﬀort in trying to focus on far too many things.

You're unconscious will multi-task and automate lots of things behind the scenes
as it runs through the pattern smoothly.
You'll drive with least focused eﬀort than you did in the beginning.
You'll be changing gears, changing peddal movements, looking in miror, steering
the car without you having to say it consciously.
It's like your whole body just does it automatically as you focus ahead. That's how
amazing you are and how big the law of potentiality is.
So tell yourself always and often - that the information you have studied and
recited will be stored in your mind...and....you can easily recall the information
whenever you need it in the future.
This mindset will go a long way in helping you to enjoy and retain the materials
and books you read.
"When you live without discipline, you die without dignity."
To your success!
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are some ways people sabotage their relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let's start oﬀ with what goes in the mind ﬁrst:
"Good men are taken."
"It's because of my looks."
"It's because of my height."
"It's because of my weight."
"Women so picky."
"Men just want sex."
"I'm too shy."
It's the inner self critic voice where you're already seeing red ﬂags before you
even proceed in dating someone seriously.
Words like:
"You're too good for me."
"I don't know why a guy like you be into a woman like me."
When I hear such words, I suddenly see a pattern. You know what I do when a
woman says these words to me before we date?
Or when they say it with private message or phone?
I call it oﬀ. It's over. It's done.
She's not ready for dating and nor for a future relationship.
You have been there before and not just once...and you know this person will
need constant attention. It will lead to many events that are nothing more than
drama. You've been there already.
You begin to imagine the every day occurrence of you trying to prove to the
person you do care for them. That she/he is good for you but no matter what, you
can't change a person.
It's their own securities that come from years of negative belief, their attitude,
perception and years of self negative talk.
You don't have years and you're not dating to be a therapist.

It comes from a deeper insecurity issues, whether it is fear of loss, fear of
abandonment which gets someone to behave in an irrational and emotional
manner later on.
You can invest lots of time and before anything starts it goes downhill. You will
see the following ways people self sabotage the relationship unfold before your
very own eyes....
1. Projecting Past Negative Experiences
We all come from an environment, upbringing, experiences and we carry them as
memories which impact how we behave.
Most people will hinder the relationships because they bring with them
assumptions, prejudices and fears.
They assume the person they meet will do the same to what they experienced in
the past with other people. Their unconscious mind is ﬁlled with memories and
so they will project their past negative experiences onto the person they are in
relationship with.
Instead of focusing on the present, they live in the past and fear the future.
Instead of building meaningful conversation, they manipulate and attention
seeking games for nothing more but to be reassured the other person does like
them, does care and does love them.
In the end, it exhuasts the good thing that they so desired to have in their life. A
good thing they have gone through many challenges, painful relationships in
past to lead to this one person who does care.
But no matter what this person says or does, it will never be enough and so, they
exhuast their lover.
2. They Have To Avoid Pain
Vulnerability....we have to stick our neck out and open ourselves to the person we
are dating and in relationship with. The problem is so many people fear being
hurt but love doesn't come without pain.
This is why most men and women send subtle messages, hints instead of being
direct. This is why they wait and wait as they rationalise it's not the right time,
the person is too busy, what will other people think, what will he/she thinks and
what if they lose this person.
This same attitude is brought into the relationship.
They avoid to communicate and instead send subtle messages. They avoid
speaking directly because they fear what the other person things of them. They
avoid investing when the other is because they fear loss.
Love sometimes comes with hurt, dissappointments, heartbreaks but it also
comes with being with someone who grows with you, understands you, sees the
real you than the social mask we wear.
If we want to love and be loved, we then need to be willing to take the risk that
pain is going to come our way. We're not perfect, the other person is not perfect
but if we can work together towards the goal for each other's happiness.
That's compatibility.
Anything else like interest, if someone's got an education, if someone likes
football or snooker, or pool, or sports are all excuses. People change. People will
change their opinion about religion, politics and all the details, facts, ﬁgures we
so try to ﬁnd out to discover...compatibility.

Compatibility is a process, an attitude where lovers are willing to communicate,
willing to work towards a common goal called....happiness.
So when someone says, "I don't think we are compatible," it means they are
unwilling to do the work. Unwilling to correct their belief system that is self
sabotaging the relationship.
And unwilling to let go of the past and the fear of the unknown.
3. They Don't Diﬀerentiate Reality From Fantasy
It's the fantasy that the other person makes us whole and can complete us. It
causes a lot of problems in a relationship.
It creates jelousy and possessiveness.
Instead of seeing our lover as an individual, we begin to think we are fused
together as one and they make us whole. This is the myth that came from
centuries of fairy tale stories, myths and legends about soul mates.
It is the fear that they are not enough.
At an unconscious level, they fear being abanondon. They fear their resources
will diminish and allocated elsewhere if they have children.
The fear is ingrained in society from centuries of societel programming from
religion, institutions, stories, mainstream, fairy tales and legends from the old
which geared towards the beneﬁt of society than for the individual.
We start to restrict our lover from their social world they had before we met them.
We try to restrict them to mingle, socialise with other women or men. We start to
stalk and spy.
We start to make demands to control.
Control is fear based and it comes from ego.
The ego desires to control because it fears loss. It desires validation, approval,
acceptance and it is always striving to control the other person.
People are individuals, with their own life and values. They cannot complete us.
They cannot make us whole.
Only we can do that.
4. Wearing Social Masks
Many people say they want to be loved but when they do get what they have been
seeking....they begin to do the opposite to what love is about.
The moment they start to let go of the social masks which protected them from
the world....they become closed in.
The other partner doesn't know what's going on.
Their lover gives but theother person isn't scared to let go of their social mask.
They hold back. They are unwilling to open up. They become insecure and create
drama to self sabotage the relationship.
This is the sympton from childhood.
The experiences in which they were probably abandon, rejected and hurt in the
past. They don't want to let go of their social mask because they fear the same
think that happened in the past will happen again in the existing relationship.
5. Controlling
Being in a Relationship challenges our defence mechanism. It challenges us to let

go of the desire to control. It challenges us to believe in ourselves and that we are
worthy of being loved.
If the trust isn't there then we become jelous and possessive.
Suddenly you got a ship sinking very fast. It pushes the partner away and
probably for good.
6. Feeling Unworthy. Low Self Esteem.
The inner monster (insecurities, fear of loss) will continue to feed and it will
never be satisifed. It creates drama and the continous drama will exhaust their
partner.
It is an ongoing behaviour of selﬁshnes.
It is an ongoing manipulation tactics to seek attention.
It is the drive that makes a person to feel....they are unworthy of being loved by
the person they have met.
They question and have doubts on why this person sees them atractive. They
believe success in relationship cannot be for them.
They will be insecure about their weight, their look, their body and on and on it
goes. It just doesn't stop.
Constantly wanting attention and reassurance.
In the end, their fear of loss becomes a self fulﬁlled prophecy.
Their partner throws the towel in and walks away because what's the point in
being with someone who keeps questioning why the person is attracted to them.
They didn't look for a job as a babysitter.
They wanted to love a person who is conﬁdent about themselves and the
relationship.
7. Need For Excitement
Relationships isn't like the adventure movies. They are not always exciting.
Reality isn't exciting. It can be repetitional and boring.
So the person creates some argument over nothing. They got to create some
excitement. They got to create some drama to make things exciting.
They pick a ﬁght to provoke the other person and suddenly you got awkwardiness
setting in.
They drag up unrelated issues from the past.
Suddenly the amazing day or morning has created a dark storm and it becomes a
battle ground.
The desire for excitement has injured the other person at a deep emotional level
and now we got an eery silence.
It leads to the break up.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

I have a pair of earrings I meant to give to my girlfriend, but we
broke up. What to do with them?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered May 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Keep them.

Don't go oﬀ sending or giving it to her.
It's over.
Keep them and when you date someone else, and do so for sometime, let's say 6
month....then give these earrings as a gift or maybe Valentines day kind of thing.
Just don't give such things in beginning stages.
The quicker you move on, focus on your life, socialise with lots of people, on your
mission, and start approaching other women...the faster you get ball rolling to
move on. You'll meet someone else.
But don't send or give these earrings to her to send mixed signals. Nor make her
feel guilty either.
Nor feel any obligation to give her the earrings.
Save them for someone else.
961 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys ﬁnd small petite girls attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the guy and it has got nothing, whatsoever to do with love.
That is Disney eﬀect, society programming, social conditioning.
It will depend on his biological and psychological unconscious map on what he is
attracted to.
When any man sees a woman and that includes a woman seeing a man, it has
nothing, whatsoever to do with love.
It is infatuation.
Triggered by what is attractive to the person in their biological and psychological
make up. That's why I don't believe in the "we had chemistry."
You can be 5,1 but if in his unconscious mind believes 5'1 is sexy, hot, attractive,
and he just got to date a 5'1 girl, then that is what it will be for him.
This is due to his upbringing, his environment, culture, experiences, what he
knows, his perception, his reality, and all the images and information he has been
conditioned within his make up.
So if he is wired to see a 5,1 as attractive then he will see you as attractive.
It might be he likes your cute face?
It might be you got blonde hair and cute face.
It might be your 5,1 with blonde hair, cute face and curves to die for.
It might be when you talk to him, he feels amazing because you're head isn't up
your ass. In other words, you don't play hard to get. There is no game. You are
showing your true intent towards him. It's clear.
And if he doesn't like it or judge you - that's his problem not yours.
You're showing vulnerability...which makes him feel comfortable. He knows he's
no wasting his time and knows you're interested.
So it makes it easier for him to ask you out.
It could be anything and you will never know and nor will he.

He may think he knows what attracts him and woman may think she knows what
she wants in a man, but really...they don't.
It's visual, it's chemicals, it's how they are both wired through years of social
conditioning. Yes, he may know some speciﬁcs but that's all there is.
One guy can be into you and another won't.
One can be infatuated with you and another won't even take a second look.
Every guy is diﬀerent.
It depends on what he desires, what his perception dictates. It's what turns him
on and his dick hard.
So don't worry if one guy doesn't notice you.
Plenty will but you got to get out there, mingle, do the opposite of what many
women do by playing dumb with their subtle messages.
Even if a guy knew you are interested with those subtle hints...most will never
approach because it's not good enough for them.
They want to know 100% clarity that you're into them because they fear rejection.
If most guys don't get a smile, if most guys don't get a woman giving good
positive sensual eye contact, a smile, a wave, and maybe even walking up to the
guy....he is gone. He's gets frustrated and walks away.
He probably believes you're like most women, doing it for fun or boredom.
They will approach the girl who is much more approachable.
You can be gorgeous, 5'1 but if you're not approachable, you got a frown on your
face, head down texting....while....another woman is smiling, eye contact,
walking up to guy....then guys today will take the least resistence.
They will socialise with her.
They will get to know her.
Rejection is tough for anyone.
Yes, we've so many women walking scared, with head down. We've seen them so
busy texting..texting and can't even make eye contact to hold the eye contact with
a smile.
Forget about your height and think about this...
You'd be far ahead than most girls/women will ever be if you invest in social skills
and getting yourself out there, than worry about whether guys into your look or
size.
That's something you...cannot control so why bother focusing on it.
You can't control your height.
You can't suddenly grow taller.
And you can't ask what guys into because we're all diﬀerent.
What are you going to do?
Tailor your look for diﬀerent guys?
Plenty will be interested in you but it's all about you letting them know you're
interested in them and ready to go through what we guys go through....a lot of
rejections.

To succeed in dating.....behave conﬁdently.
Be approachable.
Don't prejudge and assume the guy is a player because he's conﬁdent, talking to
lots of girls and is sexualising in words.
He's conﬁdent.
He's being honest with you.
He's saying he desires you.
It's not like the romance novel where a guy hides his intention and you go
through lots of adventures to be close to each other and walla.
That's the guy to be careful of.
That's the care who will be needy and can't move on if you ever wanted to move
on. That's the guy who can't manage his neediness.
Conﬁdent guys show their desire.
What woman doesn't want to be desired, seen as unique and beautiful?
Check your insecurities and take the compliment and leave the judging and
labels where they belong.
Far away from any dating process and relationship.
19.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some women need drama in their relationships?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

But who am I?
As an infant crying in the night?
An infant crying for the light?
And with no language but to cry!
- Alfred Tennyson
There are 12 things to know about Drama people and you'll also read what to do
when you are in a relationship with a drama people.
It's detailed as that's how I like to roll when writing.
1. The Source of Attracting Drama
You don't attract what you want in life.
You attract who you are.
In your own words..
"I admit I ﬁnd little mystery exciting...."
And of course, the result is..
"but Im drained..."
There lies the problem.
You attract who you are not what you want. If you think drama is exciting, well,
that's what you're going to attract...drama people.
I'm not here to convince you about anything so I don't want this back and forth
debate regarding what I answer.

I'm here to share knowledge not fantasy, myths and fallacies that you need ups
and down, drama for a successful relationship because you don't.
2. So let's look at why Drama happens..
Every child is born with an inherited charisteristic, born into a speciﬁc social,
emotional environment, economical, conditioned in a certain way by
parents...other adults....systems...cultures...traditions...or the environment.
Every child experiences and witnesses many events, such as upbringing,
arguments, ﬁghts in family, family death, family strictness, illness, pain,
accidents, economic crisis, moving from one city to another.
Even from one country to another.
All of these are inﬂuences.
All of this information and experiences, are carried within our brain, deep within
our unconsciousness...the nervous system and long term memory.
It becomes a permanent recordings of the way we experienced.
It is the way we experience our lives with being at home, outside with other
children, adults, in school, college etc and all that we experience in the world we
live in.
It is how we FELT about the world we experience..
AND...the way...we...adapted...to it.
The way we adapted to get a response that we want. When we see something
working, we keep doing it.
But here's the thing.....
If it doesn't work...
Most drama people don't try and ﬁx their behaviour. They don't get the
neccessary skills to cope and manage their insecurities.
They instead become rebellious like a child. Immature and selﬁsh.
And manipulative.
So they get blocked on every social media account and phone. They are ignored.
They are not seen or heard anymore.
In fact...you don't even need to do that sometimes.
You don't engage and they will dissappear. They will fade away because they are
not getting what they want. More on that later.
3. Set Boundaries And Stand Up For Your Boundaries
Drama people will always self sabotage the good that comes to them regarding
relationships.
Then......when the other person is unwilling to engage with them then something
happens quite fast...
They look for other people who can tolerate their behaviour and they move far
away from those who do not tolerate it.
The one's who tolerate it will ﬁnd these drama queen go to some extreme for
fresh new attention..like.....taking interest in someone else while in a
relationship....like....cheating.

They will do all sorts, to create jelousy and keep going for nothing more than
seeking a response from you. They will rationalise their behaviour on how you
don't really know them and you're not on the same page.
They will dramatise events and be melodramatic over the smallest of things to
self sabotage the relationship.
4. Why Drama People Self Sabotage Relationships
They fear abandonment.
They already believe they are not worthy of being in a positive relationship. They
already believe the person might one day leave them.
They even say it constantly.
So why not self sabotage it anyway.
Yes, I loved them. I tried to give time and chances.
Yes, life and sex would be amazing with them because some are open minded.
Life would be great with them if they manage their neediness. If they just go and
get some professional help to gain skills for the real world.
They are great when there is no drama.
Very aﬀectionate but alas, they are emotionally draining.
I know they cannot help themselves to create drama in the ﬁrst few days you
meet them or ﬁrst week.
When you don't tolerate it they get scared because now they fear what to say and
write. They hide and prefer to write a huge essay and dump it on the table or as an
email, text message than speak to you face to face or using then phone.
It's their self prophecy being fulﬁlled.
5. Why You Avoid Engaging With Drama People
When you engage you'll get sucked into their drama but when you don't, they
fade away by doing one more attention seeking action to pat their ego.
Probably send you long message, like a thesis with their tantrums, explaining
everything but also putting blame on you.
I never reading them.
I just say..
"I understand." Or "OK."
I then disengage because I know what's happening and I know I can't help them. I
also know no matter how much I love such a person it won't be enough.
I disengage because I care about the person and don't want to get angry at them
for their immature behaviour.
There's a history there and so I cherish the history I had with the person and I just
move on.
That's when they go silent and there is no use for me to hold on to their contact
details. So I block their number and on social media.
6. The Psychology Of Drama People.
People who create drama are projecting their Child Ego State.
What does a child always say regarding their behaviour?

"You don't understand me. You think you know better. You're judging me. I know
who I am. It's not my fault. You don't understand me. No one does. Everyone is
against me..."
The child ego state thinks everyone is wrong.
That they are right.
That it must be the case, that everyone else does not ﬁt into their life, their belief,
their values.
But a realisation also happens...
They cannot do drama with this person....the teacher....the school counsellor, the
boss at work...etc.
They will get suspended.
They will get ﬁred!
They will get kicked oﬀ their degree courses.
They will lose a lot more.
So sometimes they very good at not creating drama where it's needed.
They are very good at behaving in a mature manner because if they did that at
work, if they did it with some friends out there who are mature and conﬁdent, if
they did it out in world....the world will fuck them over ten times!
They'd be ﬁred.
They will mess up for future jobs.
But they don't do that at home do they?
They don't calm these emotions with their man when dating, do they?
Why?
7. Because They Know You Will Let Them Do It Again.
They KNOW they can get away with it.
They know they will get the guy who will try to solve the problem. Hoping she
will one day change.
At home the behaviour is diﬀerent.
With someone else they know the person they are with....will let them do it and
they will continue doing it too.
They will do drama on whoever they feel they can do it to and try to get away with
it as well.
But try it at work, try it with a CEO, try it with someone who isn't going to put up
with that, and they will get stuck.
They either change or they either walk.
They either sulk like a child to leave the job or do more drama with someone else
outside of the work environment.
Most of the time they cheat...or self sabatage the relationship...to then walk away.
They drain the people around them.
A child fears he/she cannot do drama, cannot lie, cannot manipulate with some
people because some people have a lot more experience, life, understanding, core

skills and knowledge.
They have bought the shirt and worn it and done it many a times.
In other words...they are not going to take this shit from drama people.
So what does the drama people do now?
They self sabotage the relationship. They create more drama to do so. They run.
They ﬂy away. They fade away.
That way the person like a child will go and...play with someone else...who is
new UNTIL they ﬁnd the person cannot tolerate the drama.
Or until they ﬁnd a man who will get emotionally drained but has her pussy up
on a pedestal to stay, to try to ﬁx and change her.
Not going to happen.
8. The Ego Of Drama People
The person who responds as a child is - in a curious, prodding, selﬁsh, mean,
playful, whining, gamey, manipulative way.
That's Child Ego State way.
And there are diﬀerent types of child ego states which we will explore a little in
this answer.
But ﬁrst...
Why do people create drama and screw a good thing up especially in the
relationships they are in?
A Child by nature is fearful.
Fearful of being dropped and abandon.
They behave in all kinds of irrational manner as an adult due to this fear. So the
self indulgent child wants everything their way.
They want to be the centre of the universe.
They want attention all the time.
They will create drama for attention. They are scared of being abandoned. They
are always questioning if so, so loves them?
If so, so cares for them?
So the child does tests to see if someone cares.
Instead of asking for something directly and speaking directly, they create drama.
Instead of doing the most simplistic thing....they do drama.
All because they are scared.
They need reassurance everytime but they do it like a Natural Child.
They got to have attention constantly.
Like the air you breathe.
9. Drama People Can Manage Drama If The Desire Is Strong
The Adapted Child is educated, has learnt core skills to manage neediness and
grown into an adult to understand the world they live in.
They have learnt the skills they need and still growing in knowledge.

They communicate directly. They want happiness for both. They work together,
on a process for each other's happiness.
There is an attitude and a willingness to work together.
This is what compatibility really means.
10. Drama People Provoke Your Own Ego To Respond
People who are in relationship with drama people will try to behave like parents.
Thire parent ego state will be triggered to try to control, change, ﬁx and get the
child to conform.
The Professor ego state child tries to ﬁx, solve the problem from what they have
learnt from their surroundings.
Not realising this is a problem they cannot solve.
The person who is creating the drama needs to look deep into themselves, and
get some books, read, learn or get professional help - therapy.
They need to understand compatibility isn't about anything else but the
willingness to work together towards a common goal...each other's happiness.
11. Drama Is A sympton of Childhood.
It is the person feeding a monster that always will grow hungy for more.
The person always feels trapped in the past and no matter if they climb many
mountains, travel the seven seas, work 3 jobs....they cannot escape from it until
they get professional help.
The monster they feed is determined to create drama and draws and sucks the
person into the monster's self esteem issues (drama) that will never be resolved.
It will continue on and on for many years to come.
Because the monster (self esteem issues, insecurities, fears, childhood issues) will
always be hungry.
It is an ego gone out of control, trying to right some wrong but unwise, immature,
lacks knowledge and understanding that you cannot solve such issues if you do
not face the root...the origin of the sympton.....i.e.....the past!
You cannot solve them if you run away from them.
12. What Drama People Thrive On?
Attention is what they hunger for.
Everything they do is for attention.
They create drama to get a response called Attention. They do it so because way
back they have been invisible.
They have been unimportant.
They have probably been abandon and got abandonment issues too.
They do drama because they want to convince the person and the world, that
they matter. They are selﬁsh, manipulative and blind to the feelings of others
when they start creating drama.
They become mean and spiteful.
They say hurtful words and behave in a manner that's toxic.
They become immature and sobbing like a child.

They have failed in learning the knowledge and the coping skills necessary for
the adult life.
The unfortunate thing is this...
If their behaviour weren't such a turn oﬀ then people will have empathy for them.
People will be more forgiving.
People will have compassion for them.
The irony?
That's what they really need but their ongoing manipulative, child like ways will
self sabotage and turns oﬀ oﬀ mostly every conﬁdent guy/woman they meet too.
They may get some interest.
They might get into a relationship but it's just a matter of time they will self
sabotage a good thing.
In the process - they emotionally drain and exhaust everyone by replaying the old
broken record story of the past, over and over again.
What To Do When You Attract Drama People?
They will involve you and there is nothing you can do to change them because
you are going against years of transformation that has been hinged from their
past. You can't ﬁx this. No use trying.
You will need to change them by trying to change their personal life history, the
old programs running through their mind and this is just impossible for you to
do. It is wired in them now.
It is done.
It needs professional specialist help and only the person willing to do it and be
fully committed to their self development.
The problem is, the Child Ego State thinks he/she is always right, that the world is
wrong, that nothing is wrong with them or that they are this way because of you.
They do not even apologise sincerely for the pain they cause.
Their apology is nothing more but for attention or to show contempt.
So forget trying to solve their problem.
Forget even asking for an apology. They don't know the meaning of this word.
It will emotionally drain you.
It will exhaust you.
The drama person must be willing and must decide for themselves to go on a
journey of self awareness and personal development growth.
Those who don't will remain stuck for the rest of their lives.
You can only manage your self and your own neediness.
Know where to draw the line with drama people.
When you do, then you will ﬁnd what I have discovered. They will disengage.
They will fade away. They will dissappear.
They will try to do so with a big bang for the last moment of attention.
Disengage.
Block them from my phone and social media sites.

They will go and ﬁnd someone else who wants to be the hero to save Cinderallla
or Sleeping Beauty or some lost Knight from Camelot.
They will dissappear and cease to engage with you - at least - because....they have
no other choice but to do so.
6 Views · View Upvoters

I have a boyfriend but I'm attracted to another man. Why is
this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't believe in chemistry. I come from rationale, science, facts.
Not the "feel good" answers.
Anytime I explain most who only want to read what they like to read to feel good
usually go berserk about what I share. Taking it personally too.
But if you really want to know, then here's why..
Infatuation as well as, falling in love are... (biological) psychosis.
It is neediness. The need to get validation from someone else but for a reason.
The brain has a system in which it rewards.
Let's say you got a goal, you do something about it and chemicals begin to release
in your brain and body, and it connected to your nervous system, which sends
messages all over your body.
Completing the task towards your goal make you feel good. So you keep doing the
other tasks, day after day, week after week and when you achieve the goal, you
again feel good.
It is this rewarding feeling that got you to keep going.
That sensation is now stored in your long term memory.
Why?
The attention of survival mechanism is triggered.
It triggers arousal and other emotions.
The nervous system is triggered sending the feeling from the brain right
through your whole body.
That's when the unconscious thinks it's important for your survival, so it
surpasses the sensory and short term memory...and logs this feeling and
why you feel this way as part of what you're attracted to in the..long term
memory.
When a brand company desires to become memorable they know what gets their
targeted audience attenton.
They know if they can get the attention of their potential customer, as well as
their emotions...then their brand, their message, their meaning will be stored
into the long term memory.
That's why newspapers use headlines in front cover about:
Danger
Other threats
Frauds
Sexual aﬀairs by politicians, sport ﬁgures etc

Other stuﬀ like fun, happy stories left later on.
Same for TV News.
The ﬁrst news is about danger, threat, some story about fraud, terrorism, and on
and on it goes because they know this will get the attention of your brain.
Then later on near the end they share good stories.
That's why gossip magazines sells.
Fear and pleasure sells.
People do things to avoid pain or to gain pleasure. The brain attention is grabbed
by these two.
Since your brain felt this sensation before in a New Relationship, your whole
body starts looking elsewhere to experience this new feeling.
You want that feeling again and so, if you do not manage the neediness....you will
continue to do tasks until you achieve the results these goals are made for but
ﬁnd later on...you will want this New Relationship Feeling again.
How many honeymoons do you need and new diﬀerent relationship to realise
compaibility isn't about ﬁnding interest, feelings etc.
Rather it is two people who are willing to work together, a process, an attitude to
make it work?
So the purpose of...falling in love is to keep two indivduals together to guarantee
the birth of a child to happen.
Long enough for the child to survive.
You're feelings for this man is biological and psychological. The way the
Halo Eﬀect is. The way Infatuation is.
The way love is.
It is...neediness and you need to know how to manage neediness.
Not all Neediness is bad.
We need neediness because if we didn't have empathy, if we didn't feel this desire
to care, the desire to be with someone, to hold this someone and to feel someone
else's pain...we as a speciﬁes would increase the wars...killings to such a level...we
will kill each other until....only...one survives.
Example..
"I understand how you feel, I felt the same way too, tell me how do you feel?"
But without neediness it be..
"I don't give a damn about what other person feels. I only care what I want."
The same brain and nervous system that releases chemicals can also punish.
When you know you need to learn social skills but you avoid doing it because you
might say you're shy, introvert and use these to rationalise the fear of being with
people, being vulnerable, and so you don't do it.
You get rewarded because you feel comfortable being in the comfort zone.
However, you also get punished because the brain does not equip you with the
necessary tools of conﬁdence and social instinct.

You didn't engage the brain because you didn't put eﬀort and energy by being
active in the social world.
So it doesn't have the consistent information it needs.
This impacts your life later on, where you fear rejection to a high level, where you
fear talking to people, you become timid, you only have a couple of friends, you
don't attract dates, you may even have trouble speaking your mind to which
someone can treat you like a doormat and you let them.
The brain convinced you that if you speak up, you will get punished by losing the
few friends you got or the girl.
That it will attract conﬂict when you meet or at work.
You become increasingly needy to such a level that you don't have boundaries.
You got to have that guy no matter of the cost.
It is easy to say that it's due to your relationship with your boyfriend but really, it
is the lack of Managing Skills to manage your neediness for validation,
acceptance, to be liked, to be held and to be touched by this new guy you see.
Like the example of people going crazy killing each other until there is only one
person on the planet........the lack of managing neediness gets you to easily feel
infatuated by someone else.
It is also easy to then feed your brain with more information about some guy
which increases the feeling to desire the guy.
Knowing by the way, you're already in a relationship.
Rationalising the deception, the hiding of information, the actions you take, the
plotting, the secret talking with that guy and the knowledge that your boyfriend
doesn't know.
So neediness also gets a person to lie, deceive, create drama for a break up so they
can go with some guy.
Or because they fear being in relationship with someone who they perceieve as
higher value than them.
It's a pleasant experience falling for someone and it is now a new fresh experience
that you had with your boyfriend.
It's rewarding your body and you feel excited. You feel aroused. You might even
fantasise about this new person.
That's the reward.
But if you don't manage it....it will destroy your life. If you don't manage it, you
will think the grass is greener on the other side.
If you don't manage it, you will on't be able to manage the challenges in
overcoming conﬂict in a relationship.
You won't be able come to an understanding, working together as a team, as
lovers to reduce drama, and work towards a desired goal that beneﬁts you both.
Instead, like most people you'd tout the horn about "lack of compatibility."
Or "I love him but not in love with him."
Which really means, I am unwilling to make it work.
I am unwilling to communicate, cut the drama, to learn to manage my neediness
and to work with the man I am already with because compatibility is that...a
process...an attitude to work together towards each other's happiness.

I want this new relationship feeling.
I want NEW...NEW...NEW. NOW..NOW...NOW.
You can see this wisdom in the story of Oddyssesus .
Yes, it's a Metaphor but an excellent demonstration of Managing Neediness.
We see his leadership demonstrated with the Sirens. The mermaids who sing to
attract and then kill the men.
Odysseus knew about the Sirens so he orders the sailors on his ship to tie him up
with rope. He wanted to see and hear them but ordered the sailors to cover their
eyes and ﬁll their ears with cotten.
These creatures have women and half ﬁsh body form.
They sang but they couldn't seduce Odysseus and nor could they seduce the
sailors.
The reward is they lived to tell the tale.
The punishment if he didn't manage his neediness and didn't work together with
the sailors with an attitude they are all in together...they'd hear the Sirens and
they'd be seduced.
They wouldn't be able to resist and jump into the sea to be eaten alive by these
creatures.
Falling for their infatuation....was dangerous for them.
Falling in love as well with these Sirens meant death.
So what you are feeling are chemicals in your brain and body, that is triggering
your own internal mechanism to spread your seed, because biologically you think
he is better looking or has more to give.
But really it is because of the New Feeling. It is the chemicals kicking oﬀ. It is this
new fresh skin, body, lips, hands and the new experience.
It is New.
But be careful, you think this is love the way mainstream wants us to believe in.
The way Disney, Hollywood, Bollywood, Romance Novels to magazines for
women and men like to stuﬀ our brains with.
Be careful because infatuation and love are a....biological psychosis.
The reason why I have achieved success in many areas of my life is due to
managing neediness.
To be able to be a man and who loves women, and be able to enjoy the pleasures
of falling in love but....at the same time....I know what's going on.
I can manage my neediness to avoid getting sucked into the drama.
I can say no and walk away even from the most attractive woman because I am
tied to my ship and it is tighed to core values, principles, fundamentals, advance
knowledge and skills, that has abled me to balance and ride with neediness.
Unfortunately many women and men have been robbed by believing that dating
and relationship doesn't need diﬀerent type of skills, knowledge and expertise.
They are ill equipped and will learn the hard way.
Most who will not scarr themselves and others too.

I can say, "OK" to a woman who wants to walk away without needing a damn
thesis report of her explaination about why this and that.
I can move on very fast.
It has allowed me to manage it and connect with it, nurture it but at a level it
serves me instead of my desires and whims to hurt myself and others in the
process.
Does that mean I never get hurt?
No, I'll be lying to you if I did say that.
Of course I still get hurt because I also have to say no to someone I really like, and
maybe even love but because they will bring drama, they will bring too many
problems in my life, and feel they don't see what I see.
It's best to move on.
In fact only yesterday, I blocked a woman from every social media channel and
other contacts and I reallu liked her.
I really did. I thought it was going well but I saw something that my experience,
social instinct and knowledge revealed to me.
She is immature, a drama queen and with all the amazing side of her....this
behaviour of hers is toxic.
I didn't want to see her likes, her conversations, or anything anymore. Since she is
unwilling to work together, communicate there is no use is being in contact with
each wither verbally or visually.
It's done. Over. Finished.
I may love someone who is insecure and I know their pattern. I know in time,
whether weeks or months they will create some game, a drama, to....self sabotage
what we have and want to walk away.
That is exactly what happened to her.
It's ﬁne. I understand. I move on.
However, in the other hand, I come out of it and I have won in life.
I can move on fast. I can detach fast.
I can love them but leave them.
If a woman falls easily for one guy to another, I can move on fast.
I can smile when they give me bullshit about how we dont' ﬁt but really it's
because they know they can't do to me what they can do other guys, who get
treated like doormats.
I can move on fast.
You will feel this same feeling again, with other guys.
It's natural but learn to see it for what it is.
If you do, you will be able to manage neediness.
Yes, it is very diﬀerent to what Hollywood, Bollywood, Romance novels and what
society at large will like you to believe about infatuation and love.
Such an answer enables anyone to prepare for the real world.
This is why you feel this way.

25.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is disappearing from your boyfriend after he broke up with you
still ghosting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, because you're not dating him. It's over. If both of you are not dating or if one
of you said....you're not willing to talk anymore, chat anymore, and feel strongly
you cannot see it go anywhere.....it's over....then you move on.
Why bother even being in touch or invest anymore time after that?
So, let's say you don't contact him at all or text...it's not ghosting.
It's called moving on.
Ghosting is when you are dating and the guy or girl just dissapears. You met, you
dated, and next day and following through weeks on end, no contact from the
person. That's ghosting.
And the frustrating part of it is you will never know why and get an answer.
But he broke up with you.
So move on, do whatever. Don't call, text etc, and it won't be ghosting. You can
see someone else and date someone else.
You're moving on is what you're doing.
4 Views · View Upvoters

Girl keeps texting me and calling everyday even after she said
she is not interested. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So you asked a girl out, she said no, and suddenly she is hammering you with
text.
That's a girl who is bored, wants attention, maybe does it for fun, to ﬂirt for fun,
will use you for emotional support. Use you like a Tampon. I'm sure she has many
other guys too, orbiting around her, to make her feel good.
Don't start acting like some typical needy guy looking for signals. Take her no as a
no, because if you don't.....it will create drama for you.
It will take your time and focus away from approaching other girls. You'll be
investing more in the wrong place. You will learn nothing. You will not grow and
you will give to one who will not appreciate because you will be giving in the hope
of attraction.
When someone does not show interest in you after you shown vulnerability and if
they themselves say they are not interest or unwilling to take it further; let them
go immediately.
I do it all the time.
I do not convince. I do not chase. I do not explain to change the women's mind. I
don't because what is the point in giving someone such feelings, such personal
feelings to someone who literally said they are not interested or interested
anymore?
I date attractive women while many of my friends don't for a reason.
I have self respect. I move on faster. I prioritise. I am direct.

The speed in which I move bewilders them and it's not done out of malice. It's not
done out of anger.
They may think so but only because of their own assumptions, own insecurities
and because of bad examples from typical average guys who behave in certain
ways.
Yes, when they text...I ignore.
When they like my photos....I ignore.
If they changed their mind, they should say it directly, then ﬁne, we can resume
but it wasn't me who said no.
I didn't say I'm not interested to chat, meet, talk anymore. I'm not type to fall in
love so easily and saying words of aﬀection so easily.
When I say them, I mean it and so, I know it always be other person who fucks up,
do drama, or who has insecurities, having doubts and messes it up.
When that happens....
Ok then. I moved on.
When a woman shows no interest verbally....she is history.
I will move on. I will approach other women. I will date, meet, be intimate, have
sex, do so with diﬀerent women........while some guy will be chasing, hoping for
weeks, months and years.
In doing so, he attracts drama.
Now some might say “but this is like approaching women like it’s a number
game.”
No. This is called self respect. A No is a No. I move fast not with this idea women
are numbers but that I’m not going to waste my fucking sweet time with
undecisive women who then want to use me for emotional support like a
Tampon.
I got enough friends. So I approach to date, and if no, I move on to someone else.
That’s life. That’s how it is. It’s not Disney. It’s not Hollywood and romance
novels…waiting….waiting and getting mixed signals.
The question is this…
Do you want to attract drama?
Are you a drama type of guy?
If not....ignore her.
She got her chance.
She said no, and now bye, bye.
1. Ignore her.
2. Ignore her.
3. Ignore her.
4. Ignore her.
Or if you like...for peace of mind...and you can't take seeing her face
wherever you go....
1. Block her number.

2. Block her on social media
Let her do that with guys who are desperate to kiss her ass and linger in the hope,
that one day, she will change her mind. Putting their life on hold for a girl who
doesn't have any attraction interest in them.
It's called Oneitis. Infatuated by this one girl.
Don't be that guy.
Don't be that guy where she sits with her friends boasting how she got a guy who
is hooked on her. Where she thinks she's being admired.
She made it clear she's not interested and since that is the case, there is no
confusion from your side.
You....move on.
She had her chance.
She's history.
44.1k Views · View Upvoters

I meet guys randomly on the street and hang out or go on a date
all the time. Is this abnormal and dangerous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's same as going to a night club meeting strangers, and dancing, kissing,
walking out and dating etc.
It is as normal being in a social circle of friends and meeting their friends,
because let's face it....you don't know them either. No one really does until they
get close, real close, dating, intimacy and all that.
Because people no matter where they are wear....social masks.
Many masks for the world and one mask for themselves.
What's normal and abnormal?
That which is dictated favourable by society.
So are you worried what others think of you?
Don't be. They don't matter if they judge you.
As long as you be safe and take precautions.
As long as you are safe and you feel comfortable. Just be safe, where lots of people
around, get to know the guy.
But normal and abnormal, meh. Don't worry your mind over such things. When
you get much older, let's say you get to 50, you won't give a damn what's normal
or abnormal.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know whether my girlfriend is mad at me or at
something else. She won't talk to me at all?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it is not you who needs to correct the behaviour but her. She's the drama,
doing things and sending mixed signals, so you ﬁgure it out.
Like you can read her mind.

She knows what she's doing. All girls know. They know what their drama does to
a guy but you don't fall for it like most typical guys.
That's her creating drama so you behave in a certain way and if you fall for this
crap, she will continue to do MORE of such things.
Instead you ignore. Distance yourself and be busy with your life.
Give it whatever. One week, two weeks, then send a text..
"There's a great place to check out, let's go and drink there."
Don't bring it up. Ignore the drama.
You get busy and if she sends you a hudge email or text explaining shit, don't read
it. It's more drama.
She wants to explain, talk face to face or on phone instead such drama. If she
don't talk calmly and she is shouting, again...give her 7 days. If still drama, extend
to two weeks.
Remember what I am saying can lose the girl but rather lose her than your self
respect, and for her to think she can behave like this all time. She can very well go
and behave that with someone who is willing.
My ex once said to me...
"You know why I can't do what I did to other guys? Because I know if I did
shouted, did what I do to them you'd kick me out of the house so fast. You'd not
speak to me. You'd not even bother."
Girls know what they are doing. Most guys try and respond, chase but no. Just
don't get sucked into their drama.
Drama is pointing negative directly at you by behaving the way she is, expecting
you to read her bloody mind.
It is her behaving this way to test your frame so you correct some behaviour. It is
she who needs to do so not you.
This is very common.
Drama is always gong to be there but what I am sharing is to lessen it. This is how
you lessen it.
When she knows she cannot do this to a guy like you, she will not do it often. But
she will do it always to a guy who falls for this.
Yes, she might walk away.
Good. Plenty of women who got some sense who know compatibility isn't
chemistry, isn't what most think it is.
It is two people willing to work together towards, each other's happines. It's about
attitude, willingness to communicate, letting go of the child ego state which is all
about manipulation, games, selﬁshness, and attention seeking to get what one
wants.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend asks me to write out my likes and dislikes about
her, and she writes hers too. Is this necessary, and will this help
our relationship in any way?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She KNOWS what she did. Yes she does. She knows and then ﬂipped it with
negavity to you. Drama mate has already started with you.
You need to lessen the drama.
She is testing your frame and you're falling for it. This is how it goes and you
probably won't like what I'm gong to say.
But I'm known to say what most don't want to hear. Honesty method is not cool
in society because most want to hear what they like to hear.
Which is why I don't get voted like I'm god here.
I am not aiming at everyone but those who are ready.
I hope you are...
To you she is saying with her social language...
"Write a list of what you like and dislike about me because we don't really
understand each other yet."
What she is thinking..and with her survival internal language....
"JEESH what a bloody pussy. OMG! He fell for that. So desperate to please. So
needy! If it was some guy with balls and self respect he'd look at me, laugh and walk
oﬀ. He'd know I am covering this shit up cause I got caught. PHEW! That was
close..."
She doesn't want a list.
She is looking for a reason, an excuse...
She is behaving this way for you to correct a behaviour when she needs to correct
her behaviour.
There is nothing wrong if she doesn't want to be exclusive. Nothing wrong with
that but what is wrong, is playing games. What is wrong, is not communicating
what SHE wants. What is wrong is drama.
This is drama because she ﬂipped it that you need to correct your mistakes, by
writing a list of what you like and don't like about her.
It's drama because she isn't being direct in saying what she needs to say.
Like every girl wants to know that nonsense. They don't.
She is looking for an excuse to create..MORE DRAMA.
"Ooooh so this is what you think of me. Blah blah blah blah. I don't think we should
see each other because if you think I'm blah blah, then best we have space, or break
up."
She will then say, "Oh we're not compatible."
Meaning, she isn't getting what she wants because if it was another guy, he will be
willing to let her treat him as a doormat.
Then you be like crying, begging for her to stay.
No problem. She can go and date these guys but she won't grow, she won't learn
anything about what a positive relationship is. She won't learn that a man who
truly loves her isn't going to be scared to say what's on his mind for fear she won't
share her feelings....and for fear she wants to breakup.
She will always hide her true self.

She will always feel unsatisﬁed because internally, it's all the insecurities from
her past life, upbringing, experiences, insecurities and you cannot sort these out
with more drama.
So the behaviour is a transactional....
"I want this but I can't say it. So I will behave like a child, moody, irrational, saying
all kinds of shit, nonsense, crying to get attention. Then I can get what I REALLY
want..."
She got busted and she's playing you.
So forget the list mate.
Throw that bullshit away and walk up to her, sit down, calmly and say...
"Listen. I don't want to be exclusive and so serious yet. I don't think you're ready for
it and nor am I after seeing that text. So let's not get too serious, we're not exclusive
and I still need to get to know you for that to happen. I'll be having fun
still..DATING OTHER girls..."
Now you have lead.
You said it and if she don't like it...bye.
Get ready for her to say, "we're not compatible."
Compatible, is the one of the most misunderstood word. People think compatible
is about ﬁnding likes in a person they like themselves, and all that but it's
bullshit. People change and so, you can easily say..when we do change..
"I love you but...but...I'm not in love with you."
The way many use the word "compatible" these days is..
"I know I can't et
Compatible is really about two people, putting aside drama, the Disney eﬀect, the
Hollywood and Romance novels.
They put aside the nonsense dictated by social norms that sell how people who
love each other have things in common, they ﬁnd things they like about each
other, that they have something of interest, even one or two.
It's bullshit. People change.
So if someone changes, gets ill, their values change, their interest changes...you
now not in love with the person?
You're now not attracted to the person? lol.
No, compatible in the real world means, two people willing to work together as
lovers, as a team. It means...the PROCESS in which two people are willing to work
together to.....make it happen.
It is an attitude in which one person realises their mistake, realises their
behahaviour is a construct of their past and insecurities.
And the other hears this person saying it and is willing to help, willing to work
together so both grow on the condition of no more drama. That it's time to
mature, grow and leave aside the games and manipulation.
That two people work together towards making each other happy, and that each
other's happiness comes ﬁrst.
Each striving to help one another to grow stronger together.

Understand that when you do what I am saying, there is a chance to lose the girl
and she will create more drama to get what she wants or walk away.
But better to lose the girl, than lose your self respect.
Better to be the man you desire to be than be a doormat.
Better to be the man where a woman is proud to be with such a man than be a
man where she may get what she wants but she will never respect you ever again.
Deep down she knows her man is weak.
His mission is not bigger than her. His sexual desire is not bigger than her. His
purpose in life is not bigger than the fear of losing her.
She needs to correct her behaviour not you.
You did better.
You knew what's going on and created the option.
Now it's for her to correct her behaviour or walk away.
13.7k Views · View Upvoters

What qualities should a boy have to attract a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a quality out of all qualities you need to have...
1. Take Action. Show Vulnerability.
You got to stick your neck out. Take the hits. It will hurt but go through
the pain instead of letting it go through.
Don't over think, pine over a girl, wonder but approach immediately. Go
through the pain instead of it going through you.
Do you know how this alone will make you stand out?
You are living in a world where many people are scared, wearing social
mask. They cannot even be honest with others, fearing of being judged.
Some even fear being loved because to do so, they got to open up and
show who...they...really...are. They got to face their fears of
abandonment and much more.
Even when dating or starting to know someone, they'll self sabotage it.
So don't focus on big picture, not until a year of dating someone or more
has gone by.
Go through the pain instead of letting pain go through you. Focus on the
present.
You move forward always instead of waiting for girls to come to you. You
now become the chooser.
2. Invest Less than More
No, I don't mean play games. I mean, avoid spending time painting some
big picture about her, what can happen, what will happen, like some
move in your mind.
If you do that, then a time span goes by and you will ﬁnd rejection if it

happens, will hit you hard.
The less you invest in time, building a picture of her, the less needy you
become, less desperate you become and you do not put her on a
pedestal.
Like "she's the one. So diﬀerent from any other girl. That if you can't
have her, you don't want any other girl..."
Shake it oﬀ now!
Oneitis is very common, aﬀecting millions of men and women. It is a
sympton that gives you feeling of hopepless, depression, anxiety and the
inability to take action for your....happiness.
It is a crush gone out of control. You fantasise about her and it becomes
an obessession. You're ﬁxated on this one girl and believe nobody else in
the entire world and universe could measure up to her.
You become obessessed by everything she does.
You can't help but stare at her when she isn't looking and looking for
signs. That the sun shines out of her ass and how she is so perfect. So
amazing. How you can hear music when you see her and her hair
glittering from the light from the window.
She's so...
Hey...wake up! Shake this oﬀ!
Which is why you need to....
3. Immediately approach. Don't over think it.
Never look for signs, meaning, messages because those who do, fear
rejection. They live in fear and desire everything to be right before they
tak action.
Many who live like that prevent the law of potentiality. They hinder their
success in life and in relationships too.
Always approach and show vulnerability instead of looking for signals
because signals makes you hesitate and at unconscious level tells a
woman you're not sure who you are.
Most guys can wear good clothes, have job, money, car but that works in
poor countries. In poor countries that's the status there.
In modern world, girls won't know who is really who by clothes, trainers,
hair cut, physique, smell etc. You got tons of guys peacocking, active
tough but you know this...
The moment an attractive girl is about, they become needy, desperate,
and most of all....they fear rejection. Most will not approach her. You will
ﬁnd probably all of them over thinking, wondering, what to do or say, or
whether to approach or not.
You in the other hand show attractive traite.
You in the other hand, make it easier for girls to see why you are so

unique, diﬀerent to all these guys.
Don't worry who is watching, who laughs, who says no.
In modern world, behaviour is your real status so approach immediately,
show intent, let her know you desire her by your behaviour. Don't send
signals. Have the balls to approach immediately.
When you see a girl you like and you approach her, ﬂirt, converse, be fun
and if you feel you can get along with her.... ask her out.
When you approach in this manner without hiding your intent you're
saying to her at a subcommunicate way..
"This is me. I don't care if you reject me. I am here to say, this is me, I
desire you. Now take it or leave it. Yes or No."
4. Be A Person Of Self Respect.
If rejected, you walk away like you don't really give a damn because you
know rejection tells you who to not be with, who to spend a little more
time with to date and who to not to, who to avoid, who to walk away
from.
It's all good.
It saves you time wasting on girls who ﬂirt for nothing more than
boredom, fun, attention seeking, showing oﬀ to other guys or
girls...status, to feel good.
The faster you move on....the faster you get to the girl who says yes. The
more you pine on some girl, waiting for her, holding on to her....the
longer you put everything on hold.
This is why I say, "have options."
Don't pine over any girl. Don't think any girl is the "one." Don't think "Oh
but she's diﬀerent, so special."
Let go of the Disney Eﬀect, The Hollywood and Bollywood myths. This is
real life and you'll get hurt big time if you fall for such fallacies.
If you lack such conﬁdence to know what you want, go for what you want, and
you fear what others thinks...then at her unconscious level it will say to
girls....you're a weak guy.
You will hestitate a lot. You will look for signals, hints and ratinalise that you
don't want it to be awkward. That you don't want to lose her.
Really, you put too much investment on someone who has yet to even show
interest in you.
You're a guy who let your fears and people's opinion stop you.
You're a guy who is emotionally, mentally weak and will probably run at the ﬁrst
sight of challenges when the world come barking at both of you.
In Conclusion...
If you look at all this one behaviour...it is necessary in every part of your life, in
pursuit of a dream, a goal, a job, and changing your own life.
Not just for attracting and dating girls.

First behave that no girl is out of your league because.... like every man, every
woman...we are all in a league of our own.
Moment we grow old...lots of lines, old...all that so called league means nothing.
Even the most attractive grow old.
What matters now is the real deal.
Most realise this when it's far too late.
You see a girl you like?
Behave like you know who you are, know what you want and be unapologetic
about what you want by immediately approaching.
Behaviour then is your real status.
I focused on just this alone because it is that important if you want to attract girl's
to you but also....anything in life like opportunities...job, career...an amazing
future.
If you apply this to all parts of your life...you'd never fear the future to such a high
level to regret so much about your past.
That in the end, when you're about to breathe your last breath, what will get you
is not what you expect.
No, not the things you did but all thing things you should have said and done, but
was afraid to do so. You will see your life.
Your life with ﬂash by you.
You will see it all.
Those memories.
So make sure the life you live is a courageous one.
Behaviour is....your real status.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters

Guys: If you're courting a woman and you happen to catch her
checking out another guy who happens to pass by, would that
be a concern for you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It wouldn't concern me.
I'd be approaching other women while she is approaching that guy, talking to
him. That's what I'll be doing.
Or if I was there, I'd smile, laugh, ﬂirt and have fun with both of them. I don't
believe in competitive.
I believe in happiness. If that's who she's interested in..great.
Happy for her. Plenty of women on this planet.
Be a man of abundance.
Approach a woman immediately and show you're intent. Don't court like most
do, sending hints but approach, converse and ask her out for a drink.
But if she's playing hard to get, you needed to leave her alone and approach
someone else immediately.

If she doesn't give you answer YES then it's a NO.
It doesn't matter how she says it i.e. she's too busy, she's not sure, not ready for
relationship etc etc.
It is a no. That's her intent and that is all you need to know.
Then move on if it's a no.
Don't waste time chasing women who play hard to get or some game. Don't waste
time waiting or sending signals, or orbiting.
Always approach immediately and ask a woman out.
So no. I won't be concerned. It's ﬁne.
Approach other women.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I so afraid to approach girls? Even when I know that
she is attracted to me and she will reply positevily.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"Everytime I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was
actually being re-directed to something better.." - Dr. Steve Maraboli
It's ok. It's natural because of social conditioning. Years of it and so you will fear
other people's opinion, over think and fear rejection.
You're so focused on this positive reply when you really need to appreciate that
every girl isn't going to say yes and nor every girl is going to say no.
And rejection is good as it prevents girls ﬂirting with you for nothing but
boredom, fun, showing oﬀ, to feel good and not really interested in you.
For now, forget asking girls out and dating.
Start with the basics. Social skills.
Here's what you do. Start small. Approach not just girls but anyone. Socialise.
Just walk up and say..
"Hows your day!"
Talk to shop keeper. To everyone. Get used to doing this.
Give. Just give without wanting anything back and this removes neediness for a
response. Don't worry about what response you get.
The key is just say hi to people. Give to people.
Second, ask people for direction. Ask girls for direction so you get used to
approaching. Even if you know where the street or place is.
This is called drills.
You're getting your mind used to you doing the action so the unconscious realises
you're putting eﬀort and energy. After a lot of this and other drills, through the
months, it will see you are serious about this.
It will realise social instinct and skill is vital for your survival and help you. Give it
the juice it needs, the information data by doing these steps consistently.
It's not about doing lots in a day.

It's doing small steps everyday. Even if it's approaching 10 people a day to ask for
direction. Approach average looking girls you're mind says are average looking.
Then approach very attractive girls for direction.
Smile while you're doing it.
Then add other drills, stretch yourself slowly.
Also socialise with lots of people and girls to give. Forget asking them out for now.
Just approach, and have fun.
When you see it as giving, when you are not looking for validation, acceptance,
response and you're aim is to give even with "how's your day" with a smile, you
will let go of need for such things.
Add other things to say but in giving way.
Then when you're conﬁdence grows, approach to ask for time. Approach to say
whatever you want with knowledge you're just having fun.
As time goes by, if you did it consistenly, you will get conﬁdent to ask more. To
such you'll be able to approach anyone.
But start ﬁrst with the basics, the social skills, meeting people, saying hi, asking
for direction.
Start there for now and build up slowly.
You need to get used to people, approaching people, while you're living and
having fun. Find what you like doing i.e. events, sports, whatever and go where
there's lots of people there.
Just go out more than computers, social media and internet.
Get used to ﬁrst socialising and conversing. Your unconscious mind cannot
engage to help you if you don't show it you need this skill.
Energy +Eﬀort = Engagement of the brain.
If you don't do the ﬁrst two...you stay where you are. So you got to go out, mingle,
socialise, one step by at a time.
Be patient as this will take time but by next year, watch how you will be ﬂying. I
know. I have been where you are years ago as a teen. This is what I did. I'm not
saying something you cannot do.
You can do this. You got this because....
"I woke up this morning and realised I don't have what it takes to be
average.."
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in love with a girl I just can't stop arguing and ﬁghting with.
Is it even possible to continue?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered May 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Anything is possible if both are willing to work it out, and stop with the drama. If
one is unwilling to do so, then move on. It's not worth being with someone when
you're both arguing, it's toxic.
Look. I have this rule..
Happiness comes ﬁrst.

If I don't get that, no use being with someone. Happiness comes ﬁrst not
anything else. I don't care if the person is gorgeous and all that.
Happiness.
What most do is they don't put their own happiness and tolerate all this arguing
and melodramtic events.
You want happiness then be with someone where you're not always arguing. But
if happiness is not important for you, then you'll compromise and not have
boundaries.
Plus the other person doesn't beneﬁt in learning from you because like most
guys, they will argue back, and more drama.
It is best to have happiness and it is best the person leaves, walks away learning
that arguing, games, drama doesn't win the heart of some.
Happiness ﬁrst.
Aim for happiness and be with someone who brings that out in the relationship,
who brings goodness, not pain, not confusion, not drama, not games, and you do
same for the one you love too because you both value...happiness.
You can't change people if you think talking is going to do it. It has to be from
within the person.
Just can't be bothered with it. No need for it. No need for confusion and arguing
when you can put time into loving one another, having fun, get to know each
other. No need for their long explaination. I don't listen to it and I don't read it. I
just know it's nothing else but more drama.
Like some game. Attention seeking for a response.
Time is precious.
If the other person unwilling to move on, and you are unwilling to, and both of
you are not going to put each other's happiness ﬁrst....then...there's no point
really.
I rather be with someone where it's peaceful, fun, happiness, no game, it's not
hard, it's no confusion, and we focus on our happiness than arguing and being all
melodramatic.
Life is short.
If you can't get along, let her go.
if you she wants to move on, trust me, she'll ﬁnd an excuse, maybe some drama,
maybe some long speech, whatever. If she wants to move on...let her go.
If you know it just can't be done, can't talk, she doesn't want to, no problen....if
you really care and love her...let her go.
No, I am not saying, if they love you they will come back.
Don't bother with that. Let her go and move on.
Personally, most people do things like this for fear of abandonment, fear of loss,
and soon enough they will self sabotage the relationship themselves anyway and
walk away.
With a lot of experience in relationship and hindsight you'll see it unfold before
your eyes and know what's coming. You'll even be amused by how people can't
see a good thing and self sabotage it with their bullshit.

It will end like this when people don't put each other's happiness ﬁrst and instead
put their own fears...and...insecurities ﬁrst.
See if you can talk with her to move forward, great.
Both learn from it. Both learn more about each other. Both realise we're complex,
we have ﬂaws. Help each other. Do away with the games, drama, nasty teasing
and all that.
It is very hard, ﬁnding someone who cherishes the good that comes their way. It's
not easy attracting someone who beings peace, happiness, calmness instead of
melodrama. It's not easy.
When you ﬁnd someone like that, who focuses on happiness, not bullshit...hold
on to them.
But if not...if it's argument, games, manipulation, drama...let her go and move on.
In fact, if she is drama and she wants to leave...let her go.
Happiness ﬁrst.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What lesson or fact you learned has helped you the most in life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered May 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not in the good times you know who cares and loves you.
In one month...
1. My mum died.
2. In same month, one of my best friend in leeds, a producer died.
3. In same month I get news my dad, who is in his 80s, is stuck in a war
zone, can't get out and all hell is breaking loose in Yemen.
I talk to him on phone in England, barely could hear what he's saying and there's
nothing I can do.
As you can see, life and world is throwing all sorts of curve balls from every
direction and I have only mentioned these. There is much more that happened in
the same month and the new month just started.
It's not in the good times you know who cares and loves you.
But it is in these times that you see who is beside you and even if they are far
away or close, they are with you.
It is in these times, the dark times, the hard times, the times when you're trying
to keep your shit together, and all around you is forgiving for whatever mood, for
whatever you say or do, or don't do.
They understand.
You won't see all you know on facebook coming to your aid.
You won't see all on Twitter coming to your aid.
You won't see all you think are friends, or lovers being patient, loving, when they
know of your loss and challenges.
It be the ones who truly love you, the lovers who truly do love you, the friends
who care about you.
It's in these dark and hard times when life and the world throws many curve balls
at you...all at the same time.

You will ﬁnd the truth in these dark and hard times.
Not when it is easy.
15k Views · View Upvoters

Is it weird if I walk up to guy who doesn't know me and tell him
he's cute?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman walked up to me and said that, it won't be a big deal. I'd expect her to
do more like,...converse, and then suggest going out together.
I won't lose sleep over it but I will appreciate the compliment but more so, on
maturity for her to follow through to do something about it.
If a guy makes it a big deal, behaves negative towards you then don't worry about
it.
It's his own insecurities. It's not yours.
You just go and say to guys they are cute and the one who is conﬁdent in himself,
got and if he is attracted to you too doesn't make it a big deal of it, doesn't behave
negative towards you....smiles and chats with you.......that's the guy to go for.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend told her friends about my bedwetting problem. Is
this really disrespectful of her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered May 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is she has diﬀerent values as you
Her values is..
"Tell all my friends everything, even my problem and my boyfriends problems
and show my laundry to the fucking world."
I don't date women like this. I date women who do not tell their friends on such a
personal level. They are very mature.
So best to ﬁgure out what you're values are ﬁrst.
Then date a woman who has similar values as these.
One of these values is..
"It's not of tell everyone my business on what happens in my personal life, at home,
and what I do with my girlfriend. That I keep close to home. That's my and her
privacy. That's the girlfriend I want to attract."
Then air these values when you do meet girls so they understand the boundaries.
If not, bye...bye.
But that is me.
Personally, I won't trust a woman who shares personal things about me to
anyone. Nor do I want to her man or friend either. Cannot trust people who
cannot keep their mouth shut.
If she shared that, what do you think she will also share?
Think about the future.
Do you want that in the future? Her opening her mouth about things that need to
be kept quiet and close, between you and her?

Communicate then to her how you feel but also decide, if she still does it, then
you decide either you walk away or you stay with a woman who can't keep silent
about privacy and personal things about you.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I like is liked by 2 other guys, I don't want to give up on
her and I know she dislikes the attention. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, yes. I'm sure she tries to huﬀ and puﬀ like she doesn't like attention. Don't
worry about how she doesn't like attention.
Don't start putting her on a pedestal.
Here's what you need to do.
1. You show vulnerability by approaching her, converse, be light hearted.
The reason you do that because behaviour is what will diﬀerentiate you
from others. It is your real status.
You walk up and it's like saying..
"This is me. Take it or leave it but decide right now."
This is how you stand out from the rest.
You see, in a poor country, all the guys and you can get the attention of
women there. You'll turn women's and even men's head to business
people with your clothes, shoes, watches, job, income and car.
That kind of status will work there but not in the modern world it's
diﬀerent.
In the modern world, the west, the status is behaviour because someone
boasting about money, job, income, degree, studies, is not only
unattractive it's not what arouses women.
Behaviour in the modern world is your real status.
That means, you cannot hesitate, worry about some guys are interested
but show courage, boldness, speed, vulnerability by approaching her.
This is conﬁdence even if you feel uncomfortable.
If you hesitate, women know. If you look at a woman and hesitate she
will know. If you look and do nothing, hover, orbit, she will know. You're
body language and you're hesitency will say..
A) You don't know what you want
B) You are unsure about who you are
C) You cannot even overcome your own fears
D) So how are you going to do so when you're with her to face the world?
These are unconscious things going in mind of women. You're behaviour
is your real status and you're not even using it.
In the west, you also have diﬀerent social dynamics. That behaviour is
diﬀerent. Let's say you're in a world ﬁlled with celebrities.
It won't be what you know and how you behave but who you know,

which places you can get in that other's can't.
So in the modern world, there are other worlds and each one needs you
to behave in a diﬀerent way.
But where you are at...the behaviour is you showing vulnerability.
Immediately approach the girl.
a. Truth.
Hiding your intention is very..common. Common is medicore. Lots of
people think the reason why bad boys get girls is because of
conﬁdence.
They got it wrong.
It is because they are unafraid to show their sexuality. They don't turn
it oﬀ ever. No matter what anyone or girl, or some guys, or society
thinks of them. They don't apologise for it.
They show truth by knowing what they want, by approaching
immediately and saying it, by sexualising indirectly with fun ﬂirting.
They behave in that manner and they do not hide it.
They go for what they want.
You just don't need to be an asshole about it.
You can smile, approach immediately, make it fun, light hearted,
converse and then if you like her personality....show her your intent.
Be honest and ask her out. That's truth.
3. Filter. Screen out or Screen In.
When you behave in this manner it does something for you that will
lessen the impact of rejection because;
A) You invest less than any guy does in her because you don't spend
time building a picture about her in your mind.
B) You invest less in any girl until she shows she is interested in you.
The investment is balanced. You got self respect and so, she must
show her intent to you too.
You're approaching immediately to get a YES...or a NO. You force the
girls to behave in a manner where they got to give you an answer.
C) Girls ﬂirt for many reasons and signals are ambigious. So girls can
be ﬂirting for attention, due to boredom, due to nothing more but for
fun, or to compete with other girls for status and not really interested
in the guy.
Some use it to get what they want i.e. social status, get some help with
their exam assignament preparation, to get into VIIP, whatever.
So you force them to not do that with you, and ﬁnd out the answer
immediately by approaching and getting a Yes or No.
Anything else, whether they are not ready, they are not sure, or they
want to get to know you ﬁrst.....or when any play hard to get is not
good enough for you. They can get to know you...by dating you.

When they say such things, don't wonder about what it means. The
intent is clear. That is all you want to know.
Yes or No.
Anything else, is a waste of your time. Walk away.
D) It also screens out any girl trying to play hard to get because they
believe, playing hard to get attract serious guys. Well you get serious
and show you're not playing that game.
It's either YES or NO.
They will ﬁnd someone they are happy with or not but it's not going
to be you waiting around, or chasing.
It saves you a lot of time, frustrations because you can move ahead faster or move
on faster. It's also shows you got character and integrity.
That you take a no as a no.
That you value your time.
You are clear on what you want.
You're not desperate to convince, chase and play about. She either gets you right
there in the present moment or she doesn't.
If she says no, honour your behaviour, your status and her privacy. Walk away and
do it in a polite manner.
You won't believe how many girls have said NO to me, and a week later and
sometimes the next day, they call or text to say yes.
It happens.
Emotions kick oﬀ. They get surprised and don't know what to do. Sometimes it's
fear. Sometimes it's some insecurity.
Whatever happens, if it is a no, smile, like you don't give a fuck. You don't
disrespect her. You just behave in a polite manner when walking away. Don't try
to ﬁgure out what anything means.
Why?
Because girls mate, anything like who said what to them before you even met the
girls, what he dad said, what her mum said, how someone stole he brush, or some
argument happened before you met her.
So she could say bloody anything out of being pissed oﬀ by what happened way
back before she say you. So don't take anything, whatsoever, personally. Even I,
after years of this sometimes fall for it.
So anything happens, said, I don't take it seriously now.
Few days later or a week she regrets saying no, and because you left in a polite
manner, gave space, didn't chase like most guys do, focused in moving forward in
approaching other girls....she said to you..
"Hey look, sorry about the other day. It was just blah blah blah. Can we start
again. Yes I like to go out with you..."
Now don't bank on this. You're not doing it for this. You're doing it because you
got self worth and it's ok if a girl says no or whatever. You are doing it to focus on

moving on faster.
Don't over think it and don't wait for any change cause it might not happen. Best
to not hang yourself on hope.
I'd move on fast.
So forget what's happening around you, what other guys doing. Most guys will
hover, orbit, wait, wonder, looking for signals, hints or worried about how some
guys interested in some girl.
You won't.
Approach her immediately when you see her even if she got friends around her.
Conﬁdence is knowing what you want and going for what you want.
This doesn't mean you'll always get a YES.
It is impossible to get a Yes from all women you meet.
It does mean you will get to one who will say YES to you, at a much faster rate if
you get good at seeing rejection is good.
That rejection is there to help you ﬁlter out girls and get to the one who does want
to be part of your life much faster.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys say it not you it's them when they don't want in a
relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's the same thing with what girls and guys say..
"I'm erm....not ready for a relationship right now.
"I don't know you" (That's what dating is for) *rolls eyes*
"I erm...so busy, busy, busy."
"I can't right now. I am supergirl, must save the world.
Translated...
"I am not atrracted to you but I don't want conﬂict, so I am saying it in a way to
avoid awkwardiness. Also I'm letting you down easily.
Same with...
"It's not you, it's me."
Translated....
"I don't want to see you crying, feel I hurt you bad, and want to avoid that. So I am
letting you down easily. Lessen the impact. Might make you feel better thinking
it's my fault."
851 Views · View Upvoters

Where have all the good guys gone? If there are any out there,
where are they and how do I meet one?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The good guys, the good women, the good people haven't gone anywhere.
It's just sometimes, we think good has a particular look, or feel, or sense of time
and....is dressed in gorgeous beauty, looks cool, looks exciting, cute face, those
muscles, how he deﬁnes you in the world, what friends will think when dating

him...we rationalise, we dive, we swim in our own perception, our reality and our
reality is truth.
Even...YES...even...how many followers this person has..how many
votes...shared...the high quality photo of a jaw line, great teeth, hair, body....the
curves, the lip, the hips, the legs..... You know the things most women and men say
doesn't matter but really, their behaviour says...it does ;)
Our unconscious mind categerises, ﬁlters, labels and Kaboom! Before we know it,
we've decided with a little..help.
So what is your deﬁnition of good guys?
And how much of the environment, parents, friends, associates, social circle,
disney, hollywood, bollywood, music, magazines, newspapers, billboard, social
norms, customs, traditions, what others think and all the stuﬀ in the unconscious
is interferring?
Sometimes what someone says regarding good guys means someone they are
attracted to in looks, in style, or in income, job, or feeling, an instinct, a
perception, this and that...and not really looking for a good guy.
Sometimes when someone says “good guys” they mean someone who they can
walk all over. Some guy who will take on the drama, pathetic mind games and
then say they are not compatible because the “good guy” said, “enough is fucking
enough.”
So what is your deﬁnitiion of good guys?
The social language says one thing but...
The primitive survival language says something else.
That..
"…when you do this, you get this, and this and this which protects you, spread your
genes to the best males, increases your status, makes you look good in front of
mummy...daddy...friends...community....you also get this and this and this.."
Plenty of good guys work voluntary for charity organisations, community work,
social work, work for disabilities, youth work and most do so for free because they
want to help.
No one stopped any woman visiting.
In fact, many good men in paid jobs too. Smart men. Intelligent men. Clever men.
Good men.
Lots of them are...single.
I will go even further to say, there are thousands after thousands of good men on
Quora right now and who give....give...give...with their knowledge.
Do you see a stampede of women running to them, sending the messages with
dating and marriage proposals because these good men giving their time to
answer questions, which they won't get paid for?
No. Instead they’ll message these guys with questions about some guy who treats
them like shit and how can they get this guy who treats them like shit to come
back into their life again!
Some guys here have answered thousands of questions.
Go and look on their proﬁe on how many lives they've impacted.

Do you see a stampede of women running to them because they know their
children will grow up smart? Nah.
When most people ask...
"Where are the good men?"
Translated..
"Where are the men that I'd be attracted to, turns me on, makes my heart go Boom!
Boom! Boom! He needs to look like this, dress like that, be like this, ACCEPT ALL my
ﬂaws and pathetic drama, and shit atitude or forget it. Friends need to accept him.
I don't want to be embarrassed when walking with him and for all to see. Oh
no....must be this and that."
Got nothing to do with heart, character etc cetre.
Many women on Quora saying this...
"I love my boyfriend, he's such a good guy, good man but....I met this guy at work.."
The grass isn't greener on the other side. It's on the side we water and
nurture the most.
But because people like to believe in the..
Hmmm...possibilities...fantasies....something better round the corner....the
new...the fresh....the new sensation...the on going pursuit or inteference....and
this nagging...prodding of the grass is greener.
For example another question I saw out of so many, which repeats itself...and not
just on Quora but we see it ourselves in society...
"I am married to a very good man. He's a great father. Very supportive but....I got to
know some guy online...and I am in love with him. What do I do?"
Many good men, good women all around us but it seems the good that people
look for isn't conscious. It's unconscious.
They cannot hold onto a good man because good for many women is not good
enough for them then bitch about where they are.
Here are examples below of what happens when women...ﬁnd good men..
Some even got what they wanted but..it's not enough..
I am married and have fallen in love with another married man. We can't be
together, but can't live without each other. What should we do?
It didn't take long for the next one. Two years...happily married...
What should I do if I am married, but I have feelings for someone else?
Her husband is the absolute best and she couldn't ask for a better husband
but she got eyes on her...best friend...
I am married but have fallen in love with my best friend. What should I do?
She cheated on a long distance relationship because the conversation got
boring.
How can I tell my boyfriend in a long distance relationship that I started cheating
when our conversation started getting boring?
Her boyfriends makes her happy, she trusts him. He listens to everything
she shares with him but...
I met someone; should I break up with my boyfriend?
And something diﬀerent...

She has a boyfriend...she goes on a course overseas, meets a guy, has a baby
and...her boyfriend doesn’t know…
While studying abroad for two years in Europe, I got pregnant. The baby is still
there with the dad. Should I tell my boyfriend?
So the question isn't where the good guys or good women have gone.
The question is...
Why aren't you or whoever asks this type of question ..attracting the....good
men?
Is being a good man....good enough?
Is a good woman....good enough?
Because the good is out there.
People get the good but the good isn't so exciting when they got it. The good isn't
like the fantasy Hollywood, Bollywood and Romance novels.
18.4k Views · View Upvoters

Does appearance, good ﬁgure, and dresses well, are the top
things most guys usually look at in choosing a partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In the begining, yes.
What grabs my attention ﬁrst is the woman's ﬁgure, curves, how she is dressed,
her cute face, the ﬂowing of her long hair curls and then her smile afterwards.
But you mentioned this word "partner."
Having a serious partner....that's something else.
I don't approach thinking, 'I'm going to have a serious relationship with her if we
date." That's a bit of a stretch and desperate too.
I don't think, "I'm going to settle down with her," when I'm approaching because I
don't know her, there are lots of things I have to know, experience with her and
you can't do that by looking at someone and dating them for few months.
I don't think like the comment I deleted from a guy..
"It seems your approach isn't about bettering women's life but add colour to your
own life."
I don't know her. I don't even know her personality, if we will get along, if we will
click together and if we will even date.
Ok. All this "bettering her life" is over-thinking and personally, desperate. How
can you better someone's life when you don't know you'll be in their life and they
will be in yours.
It's too much of a bigger picture to even comprehend.
The amount of time people say words so easily regarding...the future, love, I miss
you, I want you...to ﬁnd they dissappear in weeks or months, is huge. I live in the
present.
So I don't think of the bigger picture when I have yet to approach.
When you've been dating before and been in relationships, you're not that naive
and you're more mature, wise and experienced.

You don't think about the bigger picture and you know....though the appearances
grabbed your attention...there's a lot more...you don't know about the person.
So I'm being real here.
It may seem I don't care. I may seem it's not about bring value to someone's life
but you got to be real here.
If you want Disney, Hollywood, Romance Novels and what's favourably promoted
by social norms, customs, then stop reading my answer but if you really want to
know what happens in a man's mind...EVEN..when some like you to believe
something else, then read on..
I'm sure most women are sick and tired by now by guys pretending and not
showing their true intent. Woman knows why I approach her. I saw her attractive.
Yes, what grabs my attention is her physical appearance but then the "partner"
part is a very diﬀerent story because...
She also needs to have...
1. Fun bubbly personality
2. Not shy
3. Adventureous
4. Open minded
5. Loves sex and highly sexual. She doesn't need to be experience but
willing, and high sexual, horny etc.
6. Mature, no drama. I can't stand drama.
7. Has a passion for something in life
8. Has grown out of the Disney and Hollywood eﬀect regarding love
9. Treats other people with respect and doesn't look down on people
10. She's loving, compassionate, sensual
11. She's feminine
12. Values I like
13. Patience
14. Compatibility
So I may ﬁnd she's alright to date but through dating her a couple of times, we're
not compatible. A lot of things can go wrong.
She's playing hard to get.
She's melodramtic.
She's not open minded.
She's unreliable.
She has a lot of insecurities that can be emotionally draining.
There isn't much consistency.
So she's attractive but if she doesn't have these qualities I mentioned above then
it's not going to be a serious relationship.
I might not even be compatible for her too.
I might have a personality not compatible for her too.

I might not be the guy she imagined me to be and that's ﬁne.
I'll know soon enough.
If it's long distance I'll know soon enough and I will see her behaviour through
the weeks and months. People cannot hide their pattern for too long. These will
resurface.
In positive light, the goodness, their great personality, compatibility will also
shine through of the person, whether they are reserved, shy, fun, adventureous,
Narcisst etc.
If it's face to face approach, in same city, it doesn't take too long either.
After sex and a few more times, getting to know her....her pattern will resurface. I
am very in-tune with my instinct.
But in all honesty, what grabs my attention ﬁrst is the appearance. That's what
gets me to approach but what happens later is a diﬀerent story.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is your passion or your drive and how did you discover it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated May 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I write songs, design, have a strategic and marketing mind. I can write stories
from the top of my head. I can drawn, create magazines and books. I can say my
passion is creating.
But it's not.
My passion, is helping people to ﬁnd their answer and to see them make it
happen in their life...

My passion is giving. Inspiring people to go for what they want using my creative
skills. Even if it's audio...

That's what my passion is and I have always done so but in a way didn't realise it.
Throughout my life, I have used all my talents, skills, expertise knowledge to
solve problems in my life and then document, create, write, design, illustrate,
sing about it so others know the answers too.
The feeling I get is greater than what I get from money when I see someone
achieving what they want or solve a problem, or remove an obstacle and even
ﬁnding someone they now love and date.
My passion is giving.
That's what gets me to write, draw, sing, create.
The thought that someone will one day win in life whether it be to just know the
answer to knowing how to do it.
There are days I walk the street and I may see someone crying, and I feel it. There
are times I see the world in dissarray and I wish I could solve it all. There are
moments I sit at home wondering if only I had much more time to do much more,
and give much more while ﬁghting against the odds of lack of resources etc.
I sometimes wonder about friends, relatives, and even strangers....and hope one
day, my work will help them. Or a contact I shared with them or even some words
on the phone.
There are times, I wish I can give more tip to the waitress or waiter, who has a
student loan to pay, struggling with two jobs and doing a degree.
That's all I know. To give.
That doesn't mean I can't say no because you be so busy, and other things in life
gets hit like your health, like your own life but I try.
I am more tight now in time as time is precious for me right now than ever before.
So my passion is using my knowledge, skills, creative skills to give.
I know it's not a mansion, not about fast cars, not about exotic holidays or fame.
It's not some grand dream.
But it's what makes me feel alive.
It's what makes me feel happy. Giving.
Seeing people I know, those around me and those I meet, are ok. That my work,
the money, the knowledge, resources can be of some help to enrich their lives.
That's really it. That's my passion.
Giving.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are drama queens?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jun 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is someone who has the habit to make events, situations, circumstances into a
melodramtic scene. It's manipulation and it's all for seeking attention or she may
have found someone and so instead of breaking up...she creates a scene.
That way you walk away instead.
1. They ﬁrst do the postive. All is awesome,
2. Then they stirr it up begins. Starts manipulating.

3. It leads to making nothing and even something positive into a big deal.
So a tiny thing, tiny situation, tiny event goes way out of proportion and
you're like, "what the fuck is with this person?!"
4. Making your moment, the day, the event harder for you and probably for
everyone around.
5. Drama queens got to share their downs, and downs, and downs, some
ups but lots of downs..downs..downs. On and on negativity.
6. Then she will criticise you, pointing all this is cause of you, and how you
are this, don't care about that, and on it goes.
7. Drama queens is all about "look at me!" Attention seeking. They hunger
for validation. It's Got to be about them. Got to be. You can have your
world tumble, your loved one dying, and not a word to comfort you. It be
all about their day, their life, their downs, their ups. Making you feel the
person doesn't give a shit about you.
Everything is attention seeking.
They focus on drama than building meaningful relationship. Let's say you
blocked a drama queen but you didn't o. Facebook.
They are that needy they will send you a message like an immature person with
how you haven't blocked them insteadof seeing it as an opportunity to apologise,
start fresh. So drama queen got to get attention instead nurturing.
Like to know what's it like being in a relationship with a drama queen?
Read the answer below:
Adam Taha's answer to What is it like to be in a relationship with a drama queen?
600 Views · View Upvoters

Do all men cheat when they go to college? My boyfriend and I
got into separate colleges. His friends told him to break up with
me before college, but he wants to stay with me as long as he
can. All my friends say all guys cheat in college.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your friends are saying something to you about guys cheating.
You know why?
1. They chose a certain type of guys and they cheated on them.
2. They are telling you their perception
3. They are telling you their fears
4. They are telling you their realities.
5. AND they are judging the boyfriend like they know shit.

They know nothing but their own experiences and they are passing the negativity
they experienced from guys you don't even know well or at all, onto your
mind....which creates doubt.
No one knows who will do what and that includes your friends.
Make your own decision.
This is your relationship not your friends' relationship. It's not they who are going
to look back but you will.

No one knows what someone is going to do but let me put it this way..
I went to college in a diﬀerent city, far from the girlfriend I once dated. I didn't
cheat. I didn't play around.
Nor did my brothers either.
Nor did 5 of my friends who by the way got married to their girlfriends. They
didn't cheat either.
So your friends are telling you their experiences, their negativity or the message
they heard and inﬂuenced by/heard from other friends.
I could say the same with girls.
The amount of girls I knew in college cheating on their boyfriends was huge.
Especially....when I went on holiday with them. They didn't give a damn about
their boyfriends who were far away.
But I also saw girls who didn't cheat.
Everyone is diﬀerent, with diﬀerent upbringing, values and they are their own
individuals. We can't generalise on these matters.
This is the time when you ﬁnd out who your man is and who you are. No one else
will ever know. Not even your friends.
Make your own decisions.
Your friends will grow, ﬂy away one day, have their own paths. They won't be
asking you for your permission when they do.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

How
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Facts need to be proven. So let's put it to test shall we..
Let's see what exactly you have done so far because of all guys that tell me they
can't, they sure over think and do shit about it.
Tick these and let us know how many of these you did..
1. Invested in knowledge about women psychology regarding dating
2. Hired a coach in dating and ﬁlmed you doing it, and heped to see the
blinde spots.
3. Hit the gym for 6-1 year, 3 times a week doing nothing more than the
basics of squats, deadlifts, bench press etc.
4. Invested knowledge in social skills
5. Invested knowledge and training in communication skills
6. Socialised outside with tons of people, to apply social skills knowledge to
get your social instinct strong
7. Approach 10 girls a week by just saying "hi, hows your day!"
8. Then when you're doing doing that and got comfortable with it,
approach girls and said, "Hi, can you tell me where the bank blah blah

is."
9. Then when you got comfortable with that, "Hi, I had to come over or I
kick myself, to see you look great." Pause, "have a great day." Walk away.
10. Then when you got comfortable with that, approach 10 more girls a week
to say, "Hi, I know this is a bit forward but had to come over cause you
look like someone to know."
11. Then when you got comfortable with that, approach 10 more girls and
say any damn shit without you even giving a damn if they reject.
12. Then when you got real comfortable, and I don't care what women or
guys say here, this is training...approach 10 more girls and say, "Hey,
sexy." Knowing full well this is about you not giving a shit and just say it
with a smile, and walk away.
13. Then when you got comfortable with that, approach 10 more girls every
week, for 6 months and say..
"Excuse me. I know this is a bit forward but I was walking to shop (or
bank or whatever) and I saw you, and had to come over to say hi."
Then if she is positive then add later, "you know beauty is so common
because you don't work for it. It's in your genes. So what are the 3 things
that will make someone interested in you."
Then smile, say "that sounds awesome." Then walk away. But if all is
going well, maybe suggest..
"You know this week I'll busy doing blah blah and blah blah, but I will
have sometime to check cafe for a drink. Let's get together next week for
a drink."
And if all goes well, exchange numbers.
Make sure you got lots of numbers by doing this because some will ﬂake,
some will give number to avoid saying no, and some be interested.
But that's not the point. The point is doing what is necessary ﬁrst to get
the knowledge, skill and experience for your brain to engage to give you
the tools that helps you have strong social instinct.
14. Now do this for one year and learn how to turn these numbers into dates.
These I did in then past and I missed some out.
Now, if you did all these, ALL, then I will give my time right now, and help you
privately, step by step because you put yourself out there and I will now step in
and help.
But that is ONLY if you did all these and I will know, you haven't by talking for 5
minutes with you, when I ask questions. I've been doing these for years so I know
when a guy is bullshiting.
So be honest.
If you did all these, I will reach out and help.
If you haven't then you know what needs to be done.
So...
How many did you tick from the list?

One?
Two?
Three?
All of them?
Or none of them?
You know, the facts.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I love him, but he keeps cheating on me. I know he loves me. I
can feel it. But I don't know what to do. It's been a lot of times,
and he says he wants to stop to be with me but it's too tempting
for him. Then he thinks he has to lie to keep me happy. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love. Yes, that thing that we are shoved with by parents, disney, social norms,
myths, legends and fantasies.
On how love is enough.
That love will conquer all.
If you don't learn now you will later on and it be worse than what you're going
though because you'll be ill prepared. You won't ask the questions needed. You'll
rush things and you be blinded to not see any red ﬂags.
Dating and relationships needs knowledge, skill, experience and much of what
most of us took for granted. Only when we ﬁnd ourselves in some situation do we
realise there's more to it than we thought.
People come with insecurities, baggages, social masks and personalities. They
also come with their own love languages.
The way I will be with one woman will be totally diﬀerent to another woman. The
way I love one woman will be diﬀerent when with another woman. The way I
express in words, touch, feelings, emotional language will be diﬀerent from one
woman to another.
It took me years and if I was prepared early on, I probably would have avoided a
lot of things which I didn't see. You don't see when you're infatuated. You don't
see when you're inexperienced.
But when you are, believe me, it is like a sharp instinct where know the pattern,
know the behaviour of this pattern and know what this person going to do and
why.
Met them all. From the shy, to the extrovert, the Narcisst to the drama queen. To
other types you'll meet.
So if any think love is enough, well, wait until you get into a relationship and if
you're like me...diﬀerent relationship with diﬀerent women.
Love is never enough.
Love needs other things too.
1. It needs you to ﬁrst respect yourself. If you don't, no one else will. Set
boundaries.

2. If you're not serious about your values and boundaries, which you
communicate calmly, why would the other person believe you're serious?
If they can keep doing what they doing and you let them in again and
again, what do you think that tells them?
That you're a doormat. That they can continue to do it and they know
you'll let them back in, over and over again.
3. No drama. So if the person is always creating drama and they still can
come into your life again and again, then... you're giving permission for
the person to do it again to you.
Until this person knows for real they cannot create drama with you, they
will continue to do so.
If you show them they can't they will either dissappear, fade away, lose
interest, fall for someone else, because you don't feed their ego and get
sucked into their drama.
Or they care enough for you and love you to not create drama and stay in
touch.
4. Love also needs consistency. If the person is up and down, one minute ok
and next day drama, one day they loyal and next day they chatting about
some girl, or guy and past ex relationships, or they communicate and
next they don't...well...they are not consistent. You need consistency as
this builds meaningful relationship.
5. It also needs knowledge, skill, to develop oneself, read tons about human
behavuour, love languages, relationship management, personality
traites and more.
Most do not do enough for the relationship and yet call it love.
There are others things that love needs.
One thing for sure....love itself is not enough.
These sell songs. They sell romance novels.
They sell tickets.
They let a person linger in the shadows, with confusion as to why love doesn't
fulﬁll the promise so many through the centuries have wrote about.
Love on it's own isn't enough.
That's for fairytale stories, myths and legends.
Love doesn't conquer all.
A person needs to behave in a certain way because words "I love you," and "I miss
you," means nothing if their behaviour is opposite.
A person can text you for months on end and even talk to you on the phone with
these words. They can message you back and forth with these words.
They can even date you and say these words.
But as easy as these words are said.....it is also easy they dissappear from your life
because love is never enough.
So understand what love is and it doesn't mean being someone a guy or anyone
can take advantage of you.
Stop falling for his bullshit.

He has a choice.
You also have a choice.
If he is not willing to stop and giving some bullshit excuse about tempting then
he will continue if you don't get serious about your boundaries.
The ego he is projecting is the child ego.
You are projecting the Parent ego. To control. To make a child behave. To
conform. To control. To try to ﬁx the person.
It's emotionally draining.
He's not your child.
He's your boyfriend who is taking the piss out of you.
You don't attract what you want in life.
You attract who you are.
If who you are is someone who doesn't respect herself, hasn't got boundaries then
guess the type of guys you attract?
The one you're with right now.
The one who knows he can do whatever and you will still be with him.
That's not love.
That's fear of...loss.
That's a whole heap of fear. That's insecurities. That's you telling yourself you
can't do better..when you can.
44.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you ask a girl to hang out when she barely knows you?
If I ask her to hang out, she will think I’m a creep. How do I ask
her to hang out without seeming like a stalker?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You approach and..
Say, "Excuse me. I know this is a bit forward but I just had to come over, as you seem
someone I like to know. Who are you?"
Or if you're a teen, just walk up say hi and be fun, converse.
All the women I've dated and who I' presently dating, are women I never knew.
Made sense to say hi to women I liked.
That's social conditioning talking inside your head.
You know, something like this....
"OOooh don't talk to strangers. Bad bad to do that.."
Then social norms..
"No, women don't like guys approaching them you know. It's creepy."
"It's not what normal people do."
And yet, here I am, dating women I never knew, never met before. So sort out all
that stuﬀ in your head. Just approach, say hi, converse, say hello.

Forget the big picture about dating because you ﬁrst need to approach her, talk to
her, see if you like your personality, if she treats people alright, and later if she is
also interested in you...when you think..
"Hmm. Ok, I like her personality. I can get along with her. She's fun.."
Don't put her on a pedestal or her internal mechamism will kick in and moment
it knows you're passive, timid, you're done. You won't be respected at her deep
unconscious level because you are willing to lose your self respect, treat her like a
princess by not respecting yourself.
She won't be the ﬁrst girl you'll like and she won't be the ﬁrst you'd date. So keep
your feet on the ground and get real.
It's not Disney or Hollywood. It's real life.
One step at a time because building a BIG picture is what's creating lots of fear as
well. One step at a time.
One day you're going to apply to companies you never knew, never met for a job.
That's not going to stop you, is it?
And if the companies reject, you're not going to stop applying, are you?
Not everyone is going to say yes and not because of anything else but that
rejection is good as it ﬁlters out who isn't suppose to be with you anyway. The
ones who don't see you for who you are anyway.
That's a good thing because you sure don't want to be with someone or work in a
company that doesn't treat you right, that think that mess you around and who
doesn't give you respect.
Beauty is ok but make sure, beyiond this beauty or beyond the wages from a
company, they will treat you with respect.
There we go.
Practical advice not just for dating. If you apply this mindset to all you do, watch
how you change your life in a great way. You'll even attract friends who have class
too than getting friends who don't give a shit about you because you just wanted
to make friends to look good in world we live in.
All the best.
38.3k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 15, I like this girl and my friend told people, it spread and
now she knows, people are saying she will say no if I ask her
out, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Approach right now. Don't listen to anyone.
Never think for a girl. You're thinking for yourself and you're going to also think
for her too? Too much hard work lol.
Just think for yourself and approach.
Second, learn from your lesson. When you like a girl, don't tell anyone, not your
friends or anyone else.
It can backﬁre because the power is in the surprise, that courage she sees. That
status of you behaving conﬁdently and not timid, telling someone about it.
So approach now and don't wait..

1. Don't be serious. Just approach and be fun. Flirt, converse.
2. See ﬁrst her personality, if she is talking with you, opening up.
3. If all is well, if you feel she's not being awkward, then say to her..
"You know at ﬁrst I wasn't sure but now I got talking to you, and got to
see your personality, I feel I like you. I know this party (or place, venue,
or walk) we can check out. Let's make time this week."
4. See what her response is. If she says no, or maybe, or anything that isn't a
solid YES...smile...walk away.
5. If she says yes, hand her your mobile phone for her to add her number,
and you add yours on hers.
6. End it with "hope you're fun the way you are now, with texting" smile.
This tells her you're not boring and you're going to be fun when texting.
Keep it light hearted, fun when texting her and don't do lots of it. Use it to ﬁrst be
fun, and after some back and forth texting...lead to the date.
921 Views · View Upvoters

I am an extremely beautiful woman but also shy and an
introvert. How can I get a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

These are details, facts...
26 year old
Very beautiful
Feminine
Intelligent
Nice personality and been told this all your life
Look younger than my age
These are irrelevant and you know why they are irrelevant?
It's the same with guys who come out with the same details, facts and ﬁgures.
They over think everything but do not take action.
Because you can be all these but if you're stuck in a corner, in a house, or hiding,
listening to people laughing, talking, not making strong ﬂirty eye contact and
smiling...nothing...is..going to happen for you.
Or if it does...it be very...slow and frustrating.
No one is going to know you have a personality that they'd like.
No one is going to know you're not a snob, bitchy and craving nothing more than
attention because you got used to it. Yes, most will think that when they see
attractive women.
Attractive women are soaked, drenched with compliments from people around
them and probably strangers too.
It's simple as this...
If you don't walk over and say hi, it's going to be real slow because most guys fear
rejection. The more attractive you are, the more the fear of rejection it will be for
most guys.
They will only have assumptions in their head about attractive women.

Or what people have told them but none of it is really you. The only time they
know you for who you are...your personality...is them getting to know you, spend
time with you from just saying....hi.
The only time you probably open up is if you downed a few drinks and I won't
advise it. It's not a pretty sight or experience dating an attractive woman who
can't hold her liquor.
Tried it. Not attractive at all and not a great experience.
I know many women like yourself, attractive and with all these details you share.
They are insecure. They have had compliments all their life and expect some guy
to approach and give compliments, and do all the work.
Even when approached, most screw it up and guys walk away because it's boring.
The conversation is dry. The woman doesn't even try.
Shy...shy...shy.
You know the whole drill..
"'I'm shy, so shy, introvert, shy."
Well ﬁne...but then you need to be approachable..
Go to places guys you are into
Smile
Wave
Do something diﬀerent at least because what you are doing, hasn't worked.
You're 26 and all you did hasn't worked.
If you keep doing the same thing over and over again, you get the same results.
You probably also attract some guy who only seeing you to screw, and then pisses
oﬀ back to where he came from.
Hey, nothing wrong if that's what a woman wants.
But if you want some, you got to do because shy hasn't worked. Saying you're
insecure hasn't worked for you.
So change. I know, change is not easy. It's the unknown.
Change is uncomfortable.
Doing something most are socially conditioned not to do because if you did do
diﬀerent you might get punished by gossip, rejection, a label or get ostracised by
other women for doing so.
You see, nothing changes if you don't engage your brain.
You're shy because you haven't stepped out of your comfort zone. You had it easy
with compliments all your life.
Yes, compliments feed the ego but it doesn't get you the dates. You probably
haven't even the experience and skill to build meaningful relationships.
Most of your friends aren't really friends.
Just people hanging around you but if their boyfriend stepped in room, they be
up in arms, ready, hiding their boyfriend or afraid their man falls for you. All eyes
be on you in a suspicious way.
You don't need Quora when you got friends.

Friends know your needs, know your proble,. see you got a challenge with dating
and help you out.
Since you haven't got that then you need to appreciate the power is in your hands.
You need to step up to the plate..
Your brain needs you to put energy and eﬀort in...
The more you do that in social settings the more you're unconscious mind sees
you are serious about it. You have to appreciate the unconscious isn't going to
suddenly believe you need the social instinct skill.....because it hasn't any data of
you doing such actions.
So you need to go out, socialise, talk, mingle, say hi, forget dating guys for now
and just do that for a while to get use to put in energy and eﬀort.
Go out without any agenda of getting a boyfriend.
You need to do this to get your mind recording you just socialising. Let your
conscious mind gather as much data it can of you saying hi, socialising and
mingling with women and men.
Be ready, women are competitive and can be vicious with each other ;)
When you do that consistently, the unconscious mind will have enough data to
create a pattern. This is where...social instinct skills come from.
This is how you get your brain to provide you the conﬁdence and the social
instinct skill to talk to one person or a group.
You're conﬁdent in certain areas but not in what attracts boyfriends. I know, I
coached and trained many attractive women and guys.
It's always the same problem.
Repeats itself over and over again.
You need to change something and you know what to change. It's up to you if you
follow what I'm saying.
Hey, you're horny right? Nohing wrong with it. It's natural.
You want to date guys?
Then get out there, socialise, be approachable, smile, ﬂirt, wave, because hiding
in corner, sitting around not smiling, not engaging, telling yourself everyday that
you're shy and introvert hasn't worked.
It only pushes guys away.
35.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if I like more than one girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can date all 3 and see who you like most. You don't need to be exclusive to
any of them because you're dating, having fun and not looking yet for serious
relationship. You cannot have serious relationship until you know someone
anyway.
So just be upfront and say..
"I'm still dating, not looking for anything serious yet.."
They'll understand and if they don't, they are immature to understand you
cannot be exclusive with one girl so early on. That's what dating is about. You

date many girls, see who you get along with the most, the personality you like,
compatibility etc.
This will take time so don't suddenly think "oh she's the one."
Like some guys do.
Take your time, have fun, but be honest and up front without being apologetic
about it. No need to apologise for it. I don't and works ﬁne for me.
So date all three, don't be exclusive to any one of them, let them know you're not
looking for anything serious yet, and you're still dating and looking.
Just know, they too can reject you so be prepared for that and don't take it
personal. Maybe all 3 don't want to date you.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

If you have more than one major topic that you would like to
blog about should you use one blog or make diﬀerent blogs for
each major topic?
Adam Taha, I design strategies, marketing plans and website visuals for creative
people
Answered Apr 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I want you to imagine the reader who will be your potential customer. If you want
to generate income, please do not create a blog without some thorough thinking
and strategy.
The amount of time I read many questions that say..
"I got a blog but how I make money oﬀ it" is a mistake many make.
They are not thinking about what they want to achieve and who they really
writing to. If you want your blog to be successful, then bear in mind of the
following:
1. Context.
Context is about the focused event, problem, event, background, which
also helps creating a blog focused on attracted targeted potential readers
who want
2. It's about the circumstances the purpose in which gives your blog a
focus. When people land on it, they immediately know who it's for, who
it's not for, what it will solve or the beneﬁts they'll get from it.
So you need to know who is going to read your blog.
But ﬁrst...
Let's say you got an idea for a blog where you're passionate about writing books
and you're solving problems around that...i.e. writing stories, developing
characters, getting an agent because once upon a time you wanted to get a
publisher to publish and distribute your book.
However you found it diﬃcult.
You learnt there is a process but also you discovered your writing needs some
work, format, a style, etc etc. You had to go back and learn how write compelling
stories and how to get agents interested, and this helped you succeed. So you got
alot of knowledge, skill and experience that will help other writers.
And you also solved a way for writers to publish their own work and know how to
market it to. You may even have your educational system on how to write stories,
novels, ﬁction etc etc.

You will probably have other training programs and so the blog provides tips but
also diﬀerent means of paid subscriptions and training. Maybe even live
workshops in the future or online consultancy.
So it has context, there is a personal real story behind it, it has an event, there is
background to it, there was a circumstance in which your idea came for this blog
to happen. A story you will show over and over again.
It has purpose why you're passionate about doing this blog and it resonates with
your targeted audience, potential customers as well as your partners.
Then you got another idea..
You always had a passion for photography and the story goes your grandad gave
you a small camera. You always wanted to do wedding photography but as you
grew you didn't know how to get into the industry. But you found away.
It is less confusing, easier to measure to have two seperate blogs. They have their
own platform, own story, own strategy, own theme, image style, content stye,
products or services.
One for about writing and publishing books and other for photography wedding
blog service.
I am only giving very brief example but really, to make one blog work, you're
going to decide the following right now..
1. What is your passion
2. What are the skills/knowledge your passion solves
3. Is there a demand for it
4. How big is the market? Enough for you to generate income and some?
5. What are the challenges?
6. Who are the competitors?
7. Who is the target audience
8. What is the most urgent wants right now
9. What is their fears and will prevent them to buy if you're selling.
10. Where do they hang about i.e. which social media platform do they use.
Don't be everywhere. Don't fall for this myth.
11. How will you attract them to your website
12. What will they be doing i.e. your websites strategy and goals
There are other questions but for now just wanted to share these.
Why all these questions important?
It helps you to develop a consistent marketing message.
This one blog, if you're selling products will have each product having it's own
page. It's own sales process. All of it is around one theme. This one problem that
has other problems related to it.
It's going to take work.
Have this in mind as you focus on one blog.
Let it grow, give it the chance to grow your own audience.
Put your focus on this one blog because it will bring many lessons on how to
succeed or what to do diﬀerent to make it a succcess.

One blog will take a lot of energy, time, knowledge, skill and resources.
Make one idea work because that will be your credibility for future ideas, blogs,
products or services.
499 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn't answer my texts for a while sometimes.
Most times have been like over 2 hours. What could this be?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's two hours. What's going to happen when she doesn't text you for a week?
Relax.
This is neediness. Wanting validation, acceptance and approval.
Texting is low investment. I don't expect women I date to immediately reply. We
all got a life and we might be with a friend, or working.
Most of the time my phone is not in my hand but in my pocket. Sometimes I don't
even hear it. I'm not going to wear some ear devise either.
If you want to talk with her and it's urgent, pick up the phone and call her. If it's
not urgent, wait when you see her and talk.
Spend your time having an actual conversation.
I use texting for fun. I don't expect a reply. I use it to arouse women I date. To
make them laugh. To make them feel amazing and so when we do meet, they are
smiling, and laughing at what I text them.
So forget this need for a reply.
Use it to make her feel alive, amazing, instead of drama on why she isn't replying
because you seek attention.
If it's really important, call her or if you want to talk, call her.
But use texting to give.
Use it to enrich her life.
Use it to arouse her to want to speak to you.
People use these devises to create drama, or to think it's about taking. Use them
to give. Use them to build on the attraction without wanting anything back.
The only ones I stop texting to is the ones who create drama. I cannot be bothered
with such women. I tell them I don't do games. I'm for fun and so they usually
dissappear because they realise I'm not some guy they can test me and try to
make me subserviant, submissive and needy for them.
However, with other women who are mature I send fun text, arousing, and other
things that brightens their day.
I am dating women and when we meet they run to me. They can't help but meet
me also at home and desiring to pin me to the wall.
There is a reason why.
I use text to build on attraction. I use it for fun. I use it to arouse. I use to make a
woman feel alive. I use it to make them laugh. I use it to ignite their imagination
and make their pussy drip.
I don't use it to expect a response.

I don't care if I don't get a reply. I'm not needing validation, approval or
acceptance. I'm into making a woman feel awesome, amazing, and some even
say..
"ADAM! My pussy is wet and I'm at work. Stop it hahaha!"
"OMG! Adam! I had to go to the rest room. You're naughty! I want more LOL!"
This seperates me from majority of men who play safe, nice, boring and who
probably don't get the dates.
Then when we meet, it's explosive.
Sometimes I send seductive poem.
Sometimes a funny statement.
Sometimes I do role playing and we have fun with that. I take them on an
adventure in within their mind. You need to know what she's into, what
her job is, and create some story to play with. Spice it up.
Sometimes a photo of some crazy stuﬀ to make women laugh.
Sometimes a link to a video or article to make them go "Ooooh."
I mix things up and make it fun.
You can bring a lot of value with text when you know how.
Think of it that way....instead of wanting something back...give. Arouse her.
Capture her emotions. Ignite and lead her imagination
Make her feel amazing. Arouse her.
Make every crevise of her body tingle.
Make her mind go crazy.
Make her pussy wet.
Make her legs quiver.
Make her smile so big everyone wonders what the hell she's smiling about.
Make your text bold, daring but fun.
Slowly turn the heat up from indirect sexualisation....to direct sexualizing. Make
sure she lives in the same city because she be so horny, she wants to rip your
damn clothes oﬀ.
For conversation, face to face is better.
If long distance then use phone.
But use text for emergency only and for making her feel amazing. Trust me, the
fun I am having with women due to these steps spices up life.
Warning...not every woman is into such things I do but I'm not into every woman
but a particular, speciﬁc, adventureous, already mature, young or older, and had
enough of submissive and apologetic men.
Do it right and her friends will ask you..
"What are you doing to my friend? She's been smiling all day."
Yes, girls do talk to their friends about the guy they date.
So relax and think about giving when it comes to text. Don't do it to get a
response. That's fear based. Have an abundance mentality.

Try these out. Have fun with texting.
All the best!
31.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mark Barrameda

What do you do if someone texts you "I love you" after your ﬁrst
date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - I have been called to save the world. I will be going through harsh training at
the Antartic, diving through cold ice waters, jumping from planes, ﬁghting bears,
going through Commando Drills. I won't be back until 2o years later
Her - I will come with you
Me - damn girl! Don't you get it?
Her - You want me to be your side kick, right?

Just say truth..
"Hey, I'm ﬂattered. Thanks for being open about your feelings but let's ﬁrst get to
know each other."
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Men: how do you feel when a woman doesn't text you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It won't matter. I have options.
Many other women who are texting me on WhatsApp or texting sms on phone.
Even calling me to talk. I have options.
It's ﬁne by me. It's "MEH. NEXT."
Also, I got a life.
No, not busy. I don't believe in busy but productive. I'm never busy for any
woman who gives me respect and invest time in me.
Of course, within reason.
I have lots of things going on in my life and women is not the centre of attention.
Sure, I love dating women, enjoy their company, love conversing and sex but
that's not all my life, contrary to what most women like to believe,.
If any plays manipulation, games, do drama.... I let them know I don't play
games. If they don't apologise fully and show sincerity, I distance myself until
they do so.
If there is drama, I'm not interested. I got other women who are not drama to talk
with, date and have fun with.
All of these is due to her instinct mechanism to try and frame the man to be
subservient. Thinking a guy is going to be submissive, timid, chase, compliant,
accomodating, meek. Try some more, invest some more, wait for her.
You know she is doing this because the behaviour is negative.
1. She tells you, she wants to meet up tomorrow. You drop everything and
to meet her. Then she creates some drama before the meet up and so you

try to explain, get sucked into her drama. Really, she's trying to make you
chase her.
No problem. She doesn't realise I also added time for my friends, so if she
don't turn up, or creates drama...I am LIVING my life anyway, meeting
friends. I do not plan around women until she has dated me for 3
months! Then I know her. Even then I have a social life and got things
going anyway.
2. She tells you she's so sorry for not turning up and she will travel to see
you. She lives in another city. She said she booked her ticket or hired a
car. The day arrives, she doesn't turn up. I do not give ﬂakes a third
chance. It's done.
Nice guy will be on phone for an hour talking to her, convincing her, and
still believes her words. probably tells her she can't keep doing this or it's
over. She got what she wanted. His attention again and again, and again.
He is timid, submissive, passive and hungry for validation.
She will be probably dating some guy on side and sleeping with him, and
the nice guy doesn't realise she uses him for emotional stimulation.
3. She says she wants to talk with you. So you spare time to talk and before
it happens, she's creating some drama the next day. It's been agreed and
now you got drama.
She either has someone already so she's fucking about with one's head or
she's trying to get the man to be submissive. Train him to be a good little
boy for the future. I say to such drama queens I don't play games. That
they must have had a bad day or on their period. Stay away until they got
manners.
Watch. When the other guy gets bored of her, she be back. Drama queens
have a short span on relationships. Who the hell wants a long term
relationship withd drama queens? They have tons of guys as friends, lots
of them but relationship wise...nop. It doesn't last long because drama is
emotionally draining.
Especially if the women are Narcissts.
Needs attention by creating drama. Needs attention like you need air to
breathe! If you like drama, ok, she's for you. If you don't like drama, don't
get sucked into it. Let her do drama someone else.
Conﬁdent men can see them a mile away and know their pattern. They
don't take them seriously and they have options. She'll probably ﬁnd
some guy who likes drama.
I don't like drama. I have no time for it.
4. You text her, she doesn't reply. No problem. I am busy too. I have other
women to talk to and who are texting and calling me.
5. You ask her out, she says, "It be on weekend or weekdays, and I'll tell you
when." Passive guy will let her say that.
Conﬁdent men will reply...
"We'll see how our schedules go. I'm busy working and got a life, so it
depends on my days too."

He is letting her know world doesn't evolve around her.
That she cannot test his frame psychologically at an unconscious level.
That he is diﬀerent from most guys she tries to frame to be subservient.
She may not realise she's doing it at a conscious level, some do, but a
learned and conﬁdent man knows what's going on.
Yes, I know it's not like Disney, Hollywood, Romance novels. I understand this
sounds harsh and cold.
I am not cold. I am loving, compassionate with women I date and who give me
respect. I am very romantic guy.
It's ok to be nice and considerate but don't be a doormat. Don't let other people
think they can suddenly talk to you or behave in a certain way.
Just because she's a woman?
Just because she curves?
No. It's not worth it. Losing your self respect. It never is. If you behave this way in
the beginning then a person can think they can do this to you over and over
again. Imagine who you will attract.
Imagine how you cannot see the red ﬂags because you're blinded and you ﬁnd
out you waste so much time,. eﬀort and maybe even years!
Most think love is enough.
They are going to get a surprise one day that love doesn't conquer all.
This is how it is in real life.
People wear social masks.
They are really two people inside.
One for social world where they are showing they good girls. That's all their
parents talk, books, disney, social norms, customs, traditions, and if religious
then religion, roaming their mind.
Please pay attention now...
But for the right man, they would date the guy in seconds, kiss him, open their
legs, fuck, do blow jobs, the lot. Hey, nothing wrong with that either.
I do not believe in labels like sluts, whores, too easy, nor assholes, player, jerks.
These are just labels to make us feel we are better than someone else.
It's social conditioning.
I have met women who are so religous, all talking about scared due to parents but
I have seen these women, when a certain man appears...they throw ALL THAT to
the wind. Yes! They risk all!
So let's get real here.
And no, I don't care what anyone thinks of me. Asshole, Player, Sexist, Jerk,
whatever. I don't mind. Give me all the labels you can. It doesn't mean I don't
hurt and it doesn't mean I don't care about other people.
It just means...it doesn't change my attitude and results I am happy with in my
life. It's cool. It just means I know we live in a world where when someone says
the real deal...most people afraid to embrace it.
It's ﬁne. Most want to learn the hard way. That's ﬁne by me.

I completely understand.
I'm sure most sensible women and men will have experienced the above
already....and...woken up from the Disney and Hollywood eﬀect. I'm sure most
mature people will appreciate and understand what I am saying.
But also, we must have common sense in what I am saying too without me having
to answer every details.
I don't mind if a woman doesn't text me back, dissappears, talks about some guys,
gone back to ex, goes and fucks someone else, whatever.
She is not my property.
I don't own her.
I cannot control anyone.
I am also not her property, she doesn't own me and cannot control me.
So if a woman doesn't want to be part of my life, engage whether text, phone,
WhatApps, social media, date, go silent etc...ﬁne by me.
I feel "Meh. NEXT."
That is my philosophy...
"NEXT!"
This mindset though it be seem cold has helped to save me time, frustrations and
to not waste my energy looking at hints, shares, votes, likes, hidden meanings
and messages.
That's what options does for a guy.
It doesn't mean I don't care for women I date, give, love but it also means I can
diﬀerentiate reality from the fantasy, which mainstream like us to believe.
Women text or they don't text. No problem. Cool by me.
NEXT.
In fact, with texting, I see it as giving. I just text for fun, I use it for building on
attraction. I don't even expect an answer because the way I text is far beyond
what most men will ever text.
Hardcore, sexy, fun and meant to eliminate most women who are insecure about
their sexuality and who think I'm going to be apologetic about me being a sexual
man. Moment I do they…they dissappear. GOOD!
Might as well they dissappear now and the conﬁdent ones stays, and we can move
on without the insecure games and pretending we’re not sexual beings.
And how many women I got texting me and me texting them?
Far too many to wonder about one or two women who think I'm going to be
waiting or devastated by them not texting, back and forth with their drama or by
their dissappearance ;)
NEXT!
16.6k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best life lesson you've ever learned from a ﬁctional
character?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Apr 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁctional character is Ed Kennedy in the book called...

The story begins with an introduction to the character of Ed Kennedy, a downand-out underage taxi driver in Sydney , who is hopelessly in love with his best
friend Audrey, who, to his dismay, feels that she cares about him too much to date
him.
Ed is standing in a bank queue when a robbery takes place. He accidentally foils
the robbers' escape, and is proclaimed a hero. Shortly after, he receives an Ace of
Diamonds in the mail.
The ace is from an unknown source. On the ace is written a list of addresses and
times. These represent a series of tasks that Ed must complete
The Lesson...
Throughout our lives we are always looking for the opportunity but what we don't
see is we are the opportunity we have been waiting for.
We expect others around us to change but really, the answer is we need to change
ourselves and this behaviour can inspire others. Even if it doesn't, we have
changed our own lives to better our loves.
W have become more than the messenger.
We have become the message.
Whatever we think, whatever we say, it shall become like it was a self prophecy.
We search for the right person who can complete us and make us whole but no
one can except ourselves.
We make ourselves whole and complete by living a meaningful life, with our own
passion, goals, achievements and building our social networks.
Most desire companionship due to lonliness but really we live in a planet ﬁlled
with billions of people. It is not that we fear lonliness. It is the fear of the
unknown. It is the fear to love, to give and the lack of doing so without wanting to
control.
We look for a sign.
We loook for hints.
Rather than showing vulnerability, letting go of control, the neediness for
validation, acceptance and approval.
Instead it is "This is who I am. Take it or leave it. Yes or No."
We create drama to make things diﬃcult to get attention when it is so simple to
just approach and ﬁnd the answer while having boundaries.
We even self sabotage a good thing when it comes. When someone says these
words to me...
"But what if it doesn't last?"
"Do you really care about me?"
"Does long distance relationship work?"
"Does this work? That work?"
"But what if he/she doesn't like me?"

I always fucking know the poison is now in and they have started to self sabotage.
I know every pattern, what's going to happen and it's funny sometimes. It is.
It's funny because they think the guy at the other end of the screen doesn't know
and hasn't lived. I know the drama most bring, the games, the way they talk about
some guy or ex, or past relationship...trying to play games to self sabotage or to
control.
Haven't the the backbone themselves to say, "I don't want this."
Or "I feel this."
No, instead it's games, manipulation and this creates drama. Pushes the one you
want away. All that time, conversation, feeling, memories gone to waste because
of fear and insecurities.
They are the message.
I see the message clear as day and know the pattern that now comes.
When we grow and wake up, and see the mistakes we made, or when someone is
gone out of our life for it to be too late to remedy.....we suddenly see we have been
the message.
When we come to achieving something.....we realise, we have always been the
the...message.
If we see how many self help books there are....
There millions of them.
More are being published. We are at an era with access to free information online
and acces to diﬀerent ways to learn.
There are books and training, education for all kinds of things we desire to learn
and become. There are gyms everywhere.
There are diet programs everywhere.
There are women and men everywhere.
And yet we behave like everything is scarce and waiting for the right moment, the
right time because we think we have to be be extroadinary ﬁrst.... to do
extroadinary things.
In the ﬁctional story called I Am The Messenger, we see ordinary people become
extroadinary by doing the simplest of things which takes courage.
We make big deal about approaching women.
We make a big deal about how to talk to womem.
We see women do the same regarding men.
Questions after questions, after questions and all because one wants to make sure
everything is known. It doesn't happen that way.
For example, even if someone knows all they need to know about dating, they
haven't learnt anything.
Just because someone knows the answers from me, doesn't mean they have
learnt everything.
Just because someone reads thousands of answers, doesn't mean they know
anything because reading and learning are two diﬀerent things.
Each has it's own process.

People I know, who I shared knowledge with can go out in world and still screw
up because learning is 95% but to make the 95% make sense, you got to grab the
5% by doing things.
I have coached people live, as they follow my texting example, messaging, phone,
approach and when I am not there.,...they mess up because they didn't do enough
of the learning.
I cannot put my conﬁdence, my vibe, my social instincy which took me years and
pour it all in a bottle for them to suddenly be conﬁdent.
They got to do a lot of what I did ﬁrst and most unwilling.
All because they make things a big deal than just doing it.
We make everything a big damn deal because we got to make our medicore,
boring, unexciting life to be dramatic!
Yes, we got to make the most simplest of things into the most complicated things
to self sabotage because deep down, we really don't believe that we are worthy of
wharever we desire in life.
Deep down most people believe someone else is the answer than themselves.
Everyday, we are the opportunity.
Everyday, we are the chance we have been waiting for.
Everyday, we are the hope we look for.
Everyday, we are the answer to our problems.
Everyday, we are the message we seek.
We see the message in the morning, we see it before we sleep. It's in front of our
faces but it is so simple and that is why it's diﬃcult to believe.
We are not the messenger.
We are...the message.
Our own examples can inspire but sometimes, to do that we have to face
ourselves. That takes courage, consistency and doing what most just don't give
enough time to do.
Why?
Because to do so, we will need to step out of the crowd. Do and say things that
most fear to do. We need to also believe in good in people.
We need to also believe the good in ourselves.
I remember a quote that puts all this into perspective. I took an extract from the
full quote. It comes from the book the 'A Return To Love' (1992) by Marianne
Williamson...
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we
are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most
frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented,
fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be?"
The lesson?
Don't wait for the messenger, the right moment, right time and the right
someone. You are the message.
Go and make it happen.

2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I being ignored on WhatsApp?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't know because I don't know the story or history of you both. It can be any
of the reasons below...
1. The chat was boring
2. The chat was just usual small talk so it didn't arouse the person, make
them feel excited and desire to want to chat anymore
3. The person knows you like them but they are not interested in you
4. The person is distancing so not to send mixed signals that they are into
you
5. Playing Games. This is manipulation which is about creating drama to
get attention. Very emotionally draining, confuses the person. Create
doubts. Where their mind games in past conversation? If so, maybe that's
why.
6. You did something to upset the person and you didn't apologise fully.
Saying sorry isn't good enough if you really care for person, and so you
need to say you're sorry, explain what you did, why you did without
blaming the person and saying how it will never happen again.
7. Lack of consistency. First it is "I love you, miss you, love you," which the
other person heard but then a few days later or a week later they get
drama. It's a turn oﬀ.
It can be anything really.
You'll never know until you ask the person themselves.
2.1k Views

We met once, I asked her out by text and she said "we’ll see". Is
she saying no or yes?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Apr 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

SMILE you lucky man. Smile.
You just saved yourself from a lot of torture, hell, drama and time wasting. She's
playing that bullshit game, called Playing Hard To Get.
Smile.
Slam that door shut.
She has a lot of growing up to do and still into the Cosmo, mummy advice, friend
advice, society bullshit social customs on how playing hard ﬁlters out guys to
attract serious ones. Utter bullshit.
It's a rationalisation of their own neediness for validation, acceptance, approval
and a custom that has been going for decades.
Don't give her any attention, don't give her another chance. Her head is up her
ass. Let her play that game with someone desperate.
Run as far as you can and as fast as your legs can carry you.

Yes she will see. She will see you are not desperate, needy, haven't the time to
waste on games and drama.
Run as fast as you can.
You lucky man. You :)
On further advise..some tips...
Show vulnerability when you see a woman you like immediately. That
means, sticking your neck out to ﬁrst ﬂirt, converse, be fun to show
you're interested in her.
Now if you like what you hear, her personality, let her know she's
attractive so intent is very clear but don't go over board. Let her know
beauty is far too common and ask her.... what would make someone be
interested to get to know her. She needs to answer or you're not going to
invest anymore time on her.
If she doesn't reply, say bye and politely walk.
If she says "don't know" or "I have a boyfriend" or "I am busy" or "I am not
into relationship" or anything that doesn't say a fuck yeah to you, in that
she is engaging with you...say bye, politely.
If she replies, then build a picture in her mind of what can happen if you
meet. Suggest place to drink, or walk is what might happen in future.
Then exchange numbers.
Sometimes, just sometimes if I can take woman out right there and then,
for a coﬀee I will. If not, cool by me. I leave it for later on.
I do this by the way because it helps create desire in her, she gets a feel of
who you are, it's adventureous, spontanous, sweeping her oﬀ her feet
and reduces ﬂakes quite low.
But if she's busy and you are too, no problem.
Now you made your intent clear and you're not wasting time texting someone
who isn't interested in you.
Rejection is good.
It screens out women who like to play hard to get and up their ass in that
bullshit....women who are indecisive (neutral) which is not good enough for
you...and gets you to move on to women who will say yes.
Now you got her number, what do you do?
1. Don't ask her out yet.
2. First build on attraction. Be fun, light hearted still.
3. Don't go overboard texting. We're just building on attraction, removing
awkwardness and showing you're fun to be with, increasing desire to
meet you and she feels she can be herself with you later on. You can
move to talk on phone in a matter of days.
4. You can even lead from phone to text to talk, which will build little
comfort, removes awkwardiness but don't do too much small talk. This is
about making her feel aroused and can imagine the experience with you
is going to be great and exciting. Talk about one passion, tell a story by
asking about her, and weave it in. But that's it. Not too much.
10 mins tops and get oﬀ the phone.

5. Now bait her out. Text or phone. Tell her there's a place you know, or you
and you're frineds going to check out. It's called (name of place), has brill
revew on Yelp and let's meet after you're done with friends, to ruin the
place reputation ;)
6. Flirt and pre-frame in her mind that "let's not be like those awkward weird
people, who make meeting, kissing and holding hands awkward ;)"
Now she knows what's going to happen and you better man up and do it
too.
7. When you meet, assume she's your girlfriend.
NOTE...if you cannot get her on phone for whatever reasons, it's ok. Use text for
now.
Conclusion...
Always show intent in beginning so you know and she knows where you both
stand. Rejection is good.
It prevents you to invest far too much early on.
Always work to invest less and you do that by making sure you showed
vulnerability, intent and truth in the beginning stages.
Don't hide you're attracted to her. Make it clear in the beginning.
If she isn't interested right at the beginning...you don't need to invest more.
NEXT is what you're mind needs to think.
You don't want to waste hours and weeks to ﬁnd she wasn't interested.
13.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you feel when your boyfriend purposely ignores you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has
taken place." - George Bernard Shaw
Most of the questions on Quora can be solved if people in relationships
communicate their concerns with one another.
Some even communicate but do it in the most ineﬀecient way and expect the
other person to feel something and to do something.
That's why..
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has
taken place."
Your boyfriend probably doesn't know this is hurting you. Don't be afraid to
calmly voice your concern with him. It's not needy to do so. Then one starts
ﬁlling their head with assumptions.
He won't know and cannot read your mind.
Only time he will know that you're feeling this way is by you talking with him
calmly. Let him know how you feel.
Most people don't know that they are doing things but if only their partner speaks
up, this can be remedied. It can open way for conversation on the matter and
then you can both work at it.
It's better to avoid assume things.

I know some guys and women will try to ﬁll gap and then they'll do some game,
manipulate, test and that is the wrong way to go about it.
It really can mess things up and leave a bad feeling for the other person to not
want to talk for a long while.
So communicate, talk openly, without blame, without games, without
manipulation and get it out in the open. Let him know.
You probably ﬁnd he doesn't know you feel this way.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to ask a boy out because you like him and
your unsure if he likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Approach ﬁrst to socialise. Let him get a feel of who you are.
1. Smile
2. Be fun
3. Flirt. Don't be serious
4. Now he got a feel of who you are. Now make your intent clear. Don't
waste time. Show vulnerability because the biggest complaints is "is this
a hang out or is this me and her dating?"
So say..
"At ﬁrst I wasn't sure about you but I like what I see and hear... and like to know
you better...
Now you got intent sorted, throw in the going out part...
"There's a party at blah blah on Thursday, let's check it out together."
Or if....
"I know a place has awesome reviews on Yelp. Let's go together to ruin it's
reputation" smile.
All good?
Then don't forget to exchange numbers but don't stop there.
Text him, be fun, build on attraction before it happens. The party might be in a
few days but you don't want awkwardiness set in.
So be fun with text and ﬂirty. Keep building on the attraction.
When you meet assume he's your date. Behave like he is. Take his hand and walk
;) and throw in a kiss.
You don't want him wondering, if this is just friend or he is dating you.
Throughout all this...know who you are. Like you don't care if he rejects. He
probably might or might not. You won't know.
It's part of life but rejection is good as it screens out time wasters.
If he rejects, smiles, like it doesn't bother you and walk away.
16 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Laay Saavage

I am in a long distance relationship with an amazing man. How
can I be more understanding of his busy schedule?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the most important factors in long distance is avoid letting your mind
assume things, as you start to say things that can hinder the relationship.
These create drama, games, manipulation, and does nothing but create more
distance.
It's not like you're face to face together so when it happens....it's not so easy to
remedy these things. There's no facial expression and touch while you're both not
together.
Even if you do face to face skype calls.
A day or even 4 days may seem long but it's not. It's just is because the person is
not busy living a big life.
If you are to do this then here's some tips:
Get busy with your life. Identify your passion, goals and get busy with it.
You don't make anyone a centre of your like, nor can they complete you
or make you whole.
You're own self love and making something of your life will do that.
Goals and challenges to achieve your goals will always be with you but
people come in and out of our lives. What they say about how they so
love us, miss us can easily be just words and you ﬁnd their behaviour
isn't consistent.
Challenges are consistent.
Your dreams will be with you for the rest of your life.
Life will continue to throw lots of curve balls at you.
Be busy with your life and you'll appreciate talking with each other much
more without the neediness.
Always when you meet online or skype, to be positive. Prevent yourself
from pointing negativity at him by saying he doesn't care and by creating
some game to get attention from him.
Whenever you're talking to him be upbeat, talk positive..high loving
energy.
Don't say that "oh you're busy and I don't want to be a hassle." You don't
mean it because you'd love to have more time. This only makes him feel
guilty.
Instead, focus on saying something positive. Leave all that victim talk
alone and focus on you and him.
Be happy, be positive, be upbeat.
You want to leave your boyfriend after a chat with an amazing feeling. A
feeling in which he very eager talk to you again because you made him
feel great. You aroused him, you made him feel alive not upset. He's
emotionally drained but happy, excited, aroused and his imagination
going wild over you.
If you make a mistake, apologise but make sure you do it sincerely. You
do that by saying you're really sorry you hurt him, what you did, why you

did it and how you'll remedy it to never happen again. This shows
empathy, true love and he will feel it's genuine. If these are not included,
you'll ﬁnd he won't reply to your apology and distance himself.
The key is "feelings."
For him to feel amazing when he talks with you, aroused, excited and he leaves
feeling better than when he didn't talk to you.
Make sure it's not the reverse.
Stay away on what you haven't got and nurture what you do have in a positive
way. Work to have fun when you're together on phone. Make it enjoyable, no
games, no manipulation and no negativity.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I succeed in dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you mention the achievements in your details it deﬁnitely shows you are
compensating for your lack of understanding about women.
Imagine a woman reading what you wrote. All of these and more on your list
comes from a mindset that you think, these matter to get a date. Like there is
some entitlement to date women because you got all these achievements.
These matter later on. Much later.
Not in the beginning.
In the beginning stages it's about what state of mind you want a woman to be in
and how do you get her to this state of mind.
It's about emotions, her desires, capturing her emotions and leading her
imagination. I kmow most will ask how do you do it but I cannot answer like it's
some one magic bullet.
So imagine a woman reading your list...
1. Conﬁdent? So what?
2. Smart. So what?
3. Intelligent. So what?
4. I have a job. (Damn well paid but very few knows). So what?
5. Have a sense of what to wear when. So what?
6. Having good life. So what?
7. Professionally, socially. So what?
8. I have taken good care of my family and doing that. Wnat a meddle? So
what?
I could go on.
All you've mentioned are what we call..
Facts
Figures
Details
Content
Now take a look at the image below....

Look at the box of the Conscious mind and look at where it's pointing too.
That small grey area.
That's the conscious.
The things you do now, feel now, the smell, touch,hearing, when you for example
sit on a chair now or eat now, or smell now etc.
The present activity that is gathered by your senses.
The eyes, ears, smell, touch etc gathers data, details, facts and ﬁgures.
Now look at the Big Whit Space.
That's the unconscious and so, you are missing a HUGE important part which
unfortunately most men I talk who also got careers, businesses, and some are
very wealthy and still can't get dates with women they like.
They just useless at it because they are always trying to communicate to the
conscious mind of the woman.
They communicate to the grey area but the grey area will only see one thing. It
doesn't mult-task.
They give details, facts, ﬁgures that does nothing but make feel nothing much.
But the guy who knows about the White Space knows, it is about making a
woman FEEL alive. It's not about him.
The big white area he can role play, he can make her feel like this is meant to
happen and even they both didn't know each other....he makes her feel...like
they've known each other for years.
That the familiarity is not so far oﬀ but not too much to create comfort like he's
some platonic friend.
It's not about his job. It's not about his money. It's not about his bullshit status
and all that he speaks oﬀ as she listens or as he shows oﬀ.
It's about how he captures her emotions, arouses her, makes her body tingle,
her imagination go wild to connect it with him.
He...made....her..FEEL.
That this is the guy who made her feel special.
He made her feel...unique.
You see, I learnt something years ago as a child. I came from a very poor country.
There, you can go and wear your trendy clothes, watches, drive in your car, have
all that status and you'll of course get the attention of women.
Most by the way, are not the ones you want but also ones you'll want.
They will come to you. Guys will also come to you. Men with business ideas will
come to you. It's so damn easy in a poor country to stand out when you got all
this.
There, in the poor country, all this is status.
But in the modern world, I learnt you can have a car, job, good clothes, and all
that, but you won't stand out.
So what is then the Real Status for women in the western modern world?

Behaviour!
That's a man's real status in the west, not talk about his degree, age, money, job,
and he has this personality and all that.
It is his behaviour where he ﬁrst shows vulnerability because most men will
watch, stare, fearful of rejection and hope all their so called status gets them the
woman.
They ﬁnd themselves frustrated.
Puzzled on why, when the world taught them that if you get all this, you get the
women and whatever you want.
Of course the world will sell that.
They are not just selling, they are creating customs, cultures, social norms that
drives economy.
Money...money..money.
Buy this car! Buy this trendy shoes! Buy the latest gadget.
Buy this house!
That's not status.
It is Behaviour by ﬁrst showing vulnerability.
Vulnerability prevents women who are unsure, who play hard to get, who ﬂirt for
fun or boredom...out of the way...for you to get to women who say yes...faster.
The second, he knows to speak truth.
So he doesn't pretend but shows true intent that he is into her. In doing these two
steps ﬁrst he invests less because he will immediately know it's a YES or a NO.
Anything else, whether she says she's busy, or she's hard to get, or she's not ready
blah blah....is a NO to him. He moves on.
The third is this...
He knows when he approaches, when he communicates, when he is face to face
with her, when he is on texting, when on phone talking to her, it's about how he
makes her feel. How her aropuses her.
How he captures her emotions, leads her imagination to feel like it was meant to
be. That out of all the men she has met....this guy makes her FEEL.
He makes her FEEL...special.
He makes her FEEL...unique.
He makes her legs quiver. Her heart race faster.
He hasn't even said much about himself but focused on her to make her feel. So
much so, she will go home and think..
"OMG! I sense it with him. He doesn't work in job I like, nor does he have a ﬂashy job
from the looks of it but OMG....my heart is racing. He made me feel AMAZING! I
can't stop thinking about him. I hope he calls me. If he doesn't..I AM!"
When you make someone feel, it triggers their emotions which triggers positive
memory. You won't need to worry about all those guys she might meet.
Because you make her feel special, unique and amazing.

That doesn't mean kiss her ass, not have an opinion or being walked all over. I'm
hoping people who read what I write have commons sense.
You still have boundaries.
Take a look in the white space area again..
Do you see facts in the big grey area? No.
Do you see content? No.
Do you see jobs, money, how one looks after family blah blah? No.
Because that's the unconcious mind, the emotions, feelings and it's not about
details you're sharing. It's about how you make....her....feel.
So forget all those details and approach women to make them feel.
That's something you need to ﬁgure out but at least...you know what you need to
ﬁgure out and get good at.
And all that job, money, conﬁdent etc etc....behave it, don't talk it. Show instead
of tell by just living life. Let her see for herself without you saying so.
All these can wait.
First get her attention and keep her attention.
Remember...feelings, arouse, excite and lead her imagination.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend is mad at me. We had a big ﬁght and he's ignoring
me. Should I just wait for him to contact me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, it would have been best to make your apology just about the apology and
nothing else. Remember, you mentioned the break up and when anyone does
that, it's not so easy to ﬁx.
You needed to focus on that alone.
When you want to apologise...
1. "I am so sorry I've hurt you.." adding..
2. Exactly what you did
3. Why you did it. Don't blame. Take responsibility personally. Not
"because you said this, you didn't do this.."
4. You mention it's not going to happen again
5. And how you're going to ensure it doesn't.
That's an apology because it really does show all focus on the issue and nothing
else, it shows you really care, you're genuine, sincere.
It shows empathy and person is easier for a person to believe you mean it due to
these steps but also because the one doesn't do it again.
Yes, arguments happen but words can hurt someone.
Games as well can destroy a relationship because games create misrust. When a
person plays games ot threatens a break up, man does that mess a lot up. It means
a guy wonder the woman has been planning this.
That she has someone else in mind so she's self sabotaging.

Or that this is her REAL FACE and everything else was a lie.
It creates doubt.
It shows what might happen in future if the guy get serious with the relationship.
Saying you might as well break up creates doubt big time for the future. What if
he got serious and you said that again?
Then there's drama which points negativity at the one you date. So someone
plays the game, then ﬂips it like it's the other person's fault and all due to get
some attention. Nothing else but that.
Argumens, games, drama, testing relationships, threats i.e. saying you'll break
up, reminding the person then mistake they did way back...doesn't nurture a
relationship.
It can create distance, in which the guy doesn't want to talk anymore. He feels
shit as you would too if he did that to you.
What happens is....it gets to such a level....he now sees it awkward to even bother
talking due to the girl because of the awkwardiness/lack of communicating.
He doesn't feel good about the relationship anymore, he feels he doesn't deserve
all the drama and cannot trust her anymore.
Best thing to do is...
1. Leave it for a while, not too long.
2. Don't wait for him to contact you but after some days or a week,
apologise.
3. Use these steps I mentioned above. Each step is very important.
If he doesn't accept your apology after doing these steps, then best to move on. If
a guy cannot forgive cause we all make mnistakes, and his girlfriend gave him a
sincere apology, and she tried, she really tried....then maybe it's time to move on.
It is a hard lesson to learn and bounce back from.
Words, games, drama hurt a lot and saying to someone that you want to break up,
is a hard thing to forget and take back.
Give it sometime and apologise again using the steps I've mentioned.
See what happens then.
All the best.
36.6k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of man would a shy woman most likely attract?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The diﬀerence is...for most shy men:
Shy men lack social interaction. Come with anxiety issues, problems
dealing with social situations, etc. More concerned about the outcome in
social settings than who than going for it.
They don't have much experience in women. You know shy. Doubt
they'd make the ﬁrst move but over thinking far too much.
Can easily get attached and look for relationship too soon
They can be slow when it comes to dating, fearful to have opinion, easy
to please.

They have less options as they don't approach women often
They get infatuated easily and have this halo eﬀect lasting for a long time
Probably also needy and desperate. Get attached to superiﬁcial and
cannot see red ﬂags
Conﬁdent Men..
They approach lots of women
They have lots of options. They have choices. So even if one thing they
don't like or more, they move on. They are unwilling to compromise like
they probably used to in past.
Most conﬁdent men like to move fast, ﬂirt, like a woman to be engaged,
show interest and isn't slow on the taking. If she doesn't show interest
soon enough, if she doesn't interact, if she plays hard to get... they move
on fast. When you got options there's not use making things hard for
oneself. Might as well make life easier.
They desire a healthy conversation so any talk about negativity, past ex
relationships or they ﬁnd something in which one is carrying some
baggage, they rather move on to someone who has experience and got
their life together.
Most stay well away from any woman who tests relationships and plays
games. They have the experience to know when someone is doing that
and the lack of maturity and insecurity turns them oﬀ.
They have an opinion and will voice it. So if they don't like something,
they'll says so politely. They are not going to behave like doormat
because a woman is attractive.
Conﬁdent men have standards such as values, boundaries and if a
woman knows these boundaries, oversteps them, doesn't apologise
sincerely, saying how she is sorry for trying to hurt the person, mentions
what she did, why she did it and how she will ﬁx it to not happen
again...he sees she has no empathy, maturity, and gets turned oﬀ. This
can happen in initial steps of dating or communication which will push
most conﬁdent men away.
Most women have a habit with being melodramatic as needy guys have
to create drama to get attention. Most women and men who do that are
insecure, has high Narcissm, desire lots of attention like the air your
breathe. Conﬁdent men just have no time for it.
Conﬁdent men listen and see any red ﬂags like she's talking about past
relationships, or about some guy's achievements, or ex relationships, or
her conversation just ﬁlling space.... or....about how she want
children...marriage far too soon in dating intial steps.
They detached from the outcome and more focused on what the woman
has to oﬀer than trying to impress her.
They don't get attached so easily and probably dating other women, and
they will say so too without fear of loss.
They probably look for more wit, woman with humour, woman who is
self aware, mature, has passion, can converse well, isn't hung up with
social norms and isn't fearful of her sexuality. If she hasn't these qualities
including intelligence, it can be a turn oﬀ.
So conﬁdent men can be attracted by a woman's look but if her nature is not to
his liking, then he won't pursue any further. Especially, when he can approach
many women.

He has the conﬁdent, social skills and options to do that. He wants a rich sexual
experience which doesn't mean sex. It means a pleasant, arousing, enjoyable,
getting down with it, romantic social interactive experience, without the drama
and games.
As for the issue regarding the opposit attract....conﬁdent men don't look for that.
They look for compatibility and mostly look at how a woman makes him feel. If
she makes him feel shit...well, he's not going to stay long, no matter how
attractive she maybe.
23.6k Views · View Upvoters

If someone does not explicitly say no but shows reluctance and
lack of enthusiasm, should you keep trying to approach them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it's a..
I don't know
I'll think about it
I am busy
I'll get back to you
I am not ready for a relationship
I'm not looking for a serious relationship at moment
I got a boyfriend
I just broke up with someone and need to sort my head out
Then I don't even bother ever trying again
The above means....to me.....FUCK NO.
It's either a Yes or No, or I'm moving on.
I don't care if she's amazing, gorgeous, got a degree, she such a nice woman, got
great ass, tits, cute...whatever most get hang up on.
I move the hell on as fast as I can because I get to whoever says YES faster. No
drama. No headache. No games. No problem.
I do it politely. It's cool but I'm moving on.
Now if I get a reply like this..
Yes
Yes, I'd like to have a drink with you
Yes, here's my number too
When would you like to meet?
That's a FUCK YES to me. Now we're talking. Anything else, is a FUCK NO.
This had made my life sweeter, more fun, easier and I don't care if I lose out on
some amazing woman. She will make someone else's life amazing.
I'm happy for her. It doesn't bother me.
I live in the present.
Either Yes in this minute of asking or No.
Anything else, I'm moving...fast.

The best dates and best relationships I have had is when a woman is decisive
right there and then. Those who play hard to get, unsure, or insecure with telling
me to prove something or prove I care, are worst dates I had...and I won't repeat
such events again.
It's either Yes or No.
Anything else, it's history. Moving on.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Varun Sharma

Is love enough?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, love is never enough. People come with their own insecurities and while you
love someone, while you got knowledge, experience, skill, conﬁdence, wisdom,
they probably need to grow and so their fears will probably fuck it all up.
Most will work to self sabotage a good thing due to their own insecurities.
Love unfortunately isn't enough.
It needs work, compassion, honesty, and a lot more but most people are not
patient enough. They want it now. We live in a world that's fast, got to buy now,
now...now and it's all around fear too.
Love isn't some adventure where you get bored of life so you go oﬀ creating
drama. You don't test love. You don't play games with it. You nurture it. You build
on it. You make the other person feel amazing instead of shit.
The grass isn't greener on other side.
It's on the side where you nurture the most.
But if all one does is hammer it with their own insecurities, talk about someone
else achievements, talk about ex boyfriends and and all sorts of pathetic games,
testing the relationships....well...that side isn't going to grow much.
It's going to grow wild and probably want to be free from the bullshit.
And that pattern of insecurities will repeat again and again.
Then one day, aged 50 you look back and wonder of the good men or women you
met and how you fucked it all up.
For what? Excitement? Boredom? Fears? Ego?
Love is not enough as the lyrics below explains on how a person use to believe
love is enough. The song reveals how the person ﬁnds out it's not.
Why?
Because it takes two people.
If the other person lives in fear, has insecurities, doesn't believe in the person
who loves them, always questioning the love they get, creating lies in their mind,
assumptions, then..... love will never be enough.
I use to believe
Love is enough
That’s all you need
I use to believe
Love is enough
That’s all there is

If love is not enough
Tell me what I need
It takes one of you to be brave to say hello
It takes two people to do something about it
Don’t you know
Sometimes it takes pain, thunder and rain.
Until you ﬁnd someone who feels the same way
The same way as you do
I use to believe
Love is enough
That’s all you need
I use to believe
Love is enough
That’s all there is
If love is not enough
Tell me what I need
Sometimes, one of you is growing faster than the other.
Sometimes all you got isn’t enough to ﬁnd one another
Sometimes, it takes one of you to let it go.
Sometimes it takes you stand your ground to let the person know
Love is not enough
The lucky ones who know
Will work to let go
Of their past pains and sorrow
For love to grow
The fortune ones step out of the shadow
Leaving behind their fears
Letting go of those years
Leaving behind games no one wants to hear
Even if it all ends in tears
So you cn be with someone
Who makes you feel alive
Instead of making it like you got to survive
Making it hard work cause of the lies
Of all the petty games some play
To wonder why they do such games anyway
I use to believe
Love is enough
That’s all you ever need
But as time gone by
I've grown to know why
Why love is never enough
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

If you see a guy looking at you everyday does he like you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's some you know, someone told you he likes you... so you approach him and ask
him out. However, here's what you don't do..

1. You don't shift showing vulnerability by saying why he hasn't asked you
out. Instead you need to show intent to him.
2. You don't say you heard someone say he likes you and so, when he is
going to ask you out.
Yes I've seen your comment in other answers.
He maybe shy, he maybe whatever, but if you put a guy on spot in this manner he
will decline. Instead... you show vulnerability and saying you are attracted to
him. That you like to get to know, him, go out with him someday for coﬀee.
If all is well...then exchange numbers.
Because let's get real.
If a guy likes a woman and he stares everyday, looks everyday....don't even think
he has the balls to approach and ask you out.
You'll be waiting for a long time.
Only way to know is approach and ask him out by ﬁrst ﬂirt, converse, remove
awkwardiness, touch on his arm as you ﬂirt...then ask him out.
Just avoid trying to hide your vulnerability to make it like he should ask you out.
That's putting him on spot.
11.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy says he doesn't know what he wants right now does this
mean he is not into you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Does it really matter?
He has shown his intent.
So now you don't waste time with him.
He shown his intent that he's not interested. Why do you even want to waste time
with someone who doesn't know what they want?
Don't waste your time with such guys.
Move on and ﬁnd someone who wants to be with you, says so, knows what he
wants instead of being neutral.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

She randomly started regularly texting me, could she like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop texting with small talk.
Texting is a tool to lead to a date instead of texting back and forth. Show
vulnerability. Then you will know if she's into you.
That means be truthful. Show intent.
That you're interested in her and you want to ﬁnd out she is too.
This is how you stop wasting time with women, who just want attention, who are
bored, who also just want to be friends. You polorize them, force them to show
their intent by you showing yours.
Your behaviour is needy.

Neediness is about desiring validation, acceptance, approval from someone else.
Right now you're not demonstrating an unattractive behaviour, because you're
doing what most guys do.
Looking for signs, waiting for text, when you can lead.
You won't be the only one texting her.
If you like her then show real status.
Status is shown by behaviour.
It's done by sticking your neck out and doing what majority of guys haven't the
balls to do. Showing intent, truth, saying you like her and asking her out.
Yes I know....but...but...but.
No buts.
You like her? You want to know where she stands with you?
Ok then, take the action needed or you'll build this big idea in your head about
her. Right now you're investing without any knowledge she is into you or not.
That in dating is dangerous.
I never take phone from a woman I like until she knows why. My intent is clear
and so the texting is to lead to the date.
You probably got her number and approached her like some platonic guy. Far too
many guys would have done so with her.
It won't make you stand out from the rest because most guys hide their emotions
and try to be friends. That's not the way to excite, arouse a girl because right now
you're not building attraction.
You're building comfort and when a girl is comfortable...she is not aroused. She
sees you as some platonic friend.
You don't invest in girls who have yet to say they are into you. The investment
must be for girls who say, "yes," and they said it because you took action to ask
them out.
You got their number by showing intent. That this is about you attracted to her
and she knows it because of your behaviour from day one.
If this doesn't happen then it's because you played safe.
Best to stop looking for signs and meaning behind her texting.
It's not what women say or do but them showing intent. You force that intent by
removing yourself from fear of rejection.
Or you only bring drama into your life.
Rejection is a good thing.
It ﬁlters out girls not into you.
There are many girls who do things for nothing more but for attention, out of
boredom, to stroke their ego and probably dating some guy or have tons of guys
giving them attention.
You force the hand by showing vulnerability, going for what you want, knowing it
might hurt if there is a rejection but so what.
You are being truthful. You're showing intent immediately.
Then you know if she's into you or not.

Then you know what everything means.
It helps you to know the truth fast and you can then move on if she's not
interested. Or you'll ﬁnd yourself played by man girls who just do things for ego,
for attention, for ﬂirting for fun or boredom.
So forget asking anyone what it means.
No one knows what it means. You will if you ask her.
No more looking for signs. No more giving hints. No more dancing to her tune or
anyone else's tune. Lead to date. Let her know you're interested in her and you
ﬁnd her attractive.
If no, move on.
If yes, now you can invest to lead to date her. If she starts playing hard to get,
don't invest anymore. Move on.
Don't waste time. Time is precious and the longer you don't lead, the more the
girl will assume something else.
Don't let her assume and ﬁll the gaps in her head.
You tell her what the communication between her and you mean. Stick your neck
out. Be clear what this interaction means to you.
That's how you will know how she sees you.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people avoid eye contact when you talk with
them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why does a man avoid eye contact with me while talking to me?

Sounds like he is a guy who doesn't have much conﬁdence, hasn't much
experience in socialising with lots of people. Giving strong eye contact can nerve
him out. Make him feel awkward.
You probably have a diﬀerent way of talking to people. You might like looking at
people head on in face but he may not.
Whatever the case maybe, don't look for signs.
If you like someone, interested in someone... ﬁnd out by verbal
comuunication. Instead of looking for signs.
Reason you're not asking is because you fear rejection and you don't want to
cause awkwardiness. Women always do all this subtle hints or look for them. That
body language ﬂirting so they're custom to look for signs.
Most guys today do as well due to their own insecurities, fear of rejection, fear of
losing a friend if they asked, and so on.
He probably feels same but we don't know and nor do you.
If you want to know if a guy likes you...ask the guy you are talking with.
Yes I know, but...but...but.
Signs. They are ambigious and they just waste your time.
It needs one of you to show vulnerability by sticking your neck out and ask. Or
nothing is going to happen.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Judy Hoiland

What was your reaction when somebody shared their deepest
darkest secret with you, and you already knew it somehow?
Adam Taha, I could tell you a few stories about life dark secret mysteries
Answered Apr 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It happened once. It went like this...
Her - and blah blah blah dark secret
Me - (I already knew) No way! I didn't know you had that much adventure and
courage in you
Her - Really? You mean you don't think I'm a...
Me - No. I like a woman who is conﬁdent,. I so didn't know you're so open
minded, conﬁdent. I like you even more!
Her - OMG! I thought you was going to think blah blah
Me - Nah. Come on. This is Adam ;)
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

She has a boyfriend now. I told her I had feelings for her and she
signals me indirectly too. But whenever we talk about these,
she said that we're just best friends. She doesn't want me to
wait for her or let go of her. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She has shown her intent. That she is not interested in you. Whether she has a
boyfriend or not, or busy, whatever.
The intent is what's important not signals.
Intent = No.
What you should do?
Go and socialise with lots of people. Best.....ﬁnd out what you're passion is and go
and socialise, be busy building your own social network in the real world.
You see women, approach and keep doing so until you meet someone who you
like and shows intent i.e. she says yes.
Don't look for signals.
Don't look for hints.
Don't waste your time with girls who got a boyfriend already.
Don't waste time hanging about and orbiting around girls. You can be friends but
make sure your priorities is straight.
Don't sit about listening to crap about how she is having awesome time with her
new boyfriend. Who gives a shit. You don't. I don't and only ones who do...are
ones desperate to open her legs and get in there.
It ain't going happen by being a doormat.
So don't give time for her or any woman to tell you crap about their sad life, their
ex boyfriends, their relationships, blah blah blah. Don't spend hours on phone
with them either except if she's your girlfriend.
Time is precious. Yes, very.

Focus more on your life, you going out having fun, approaching other women.
building meaningful relationships and dating other women.
Let her go and move on.
She can ﬂirt, give signals to someone else.
You focus your time on your priorities. Going out, having fun, socialising,
meeting other women and getting to know them to ask them out.
You'll meet women anyway when you live your life and when doing something
around your passion. Just make sure it's not behind a computer.
You need to be out there, in the real world socialising.
That's what you need to be doing.
In other words.....move on.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do when I like ﬂirting with a guy but he wants to send
naked pictures to me and I don't feel comfortable with that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Set boundaries. Just learn to say no.
You need to also be careful because..
1. Some do this for attention.
2. They might be in relationship and just want to spice things up to be
aroused, and go hard in bed with their already existing partner.
3. Some will lead you on, you invest lots of time and suddenly dissapear.
They get turned on by that.
I know many people who had the third one happen to them. They invested so
much time with photos, texting back and forth, emailing...AND..when time to
meet up...the person just dissappears.
They didn't give a damn. Just dissappeared.
It starts of with texting getting shorter and suddenly fade away after you get to
stage of wanting to meet up with them.
You know then they was just playing fantasy.
So if I was you, set boundaries. Let him know it's uncomfortable for you.
Learn to say no. It's ok to say no. Trust yourself.
And if he's really interested in you, he won't suddenly fade into the universe of
the internet. If he does, he was just doing things for attention and arousal for
himself. Nothing more.
4 Views · View Upvoters

Why should I love myself before getting into a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like someone I knew before I left travelling world. His name is...Bill. Not his
real name but there we go.
Bill didn't love himself which meant he was totally screwed. I mean life was about
to give this guy what he wanted...

1. He didn't think he was worth it.
2. He didn't prepare for opportunities because "what's the use?"
3. He aimed at low bar jobs when I knew his guy got amazing skills. He just
didn't believe in himself.
4. He was at the mercy of mostly ever damn hype online.
5. He had no opinion and even when he did, he didn't voice his opinion.
6. He feared loss and so he compromised his values.
7. Couldn't say no which meant he gave tons to people who didn't respect
his time, his eﬀort and his skills, then complained he's broke.
In relationships...
1. He had no conﬁdence when approaching women
2. He thought every woman was out of his league
3. He attracted the worse because you don't get what you want in life but
who you are, and if who you are feels unworthy, well, that's that then!
4. Got treated like a doormat
5. Even when the woman he was with,...cheated on him 3 times, with the
same guy..... he still pined over her, chased her and she still messed him
about.
6. He didn't have much love so he did more hating, anger, self pity and
pushed a lot of good people....and...good women away.
Took Bill 10 years to change and realised that if he doesn't love himself then this
impacts all areas of his life.
He realised much of what happened to his life was his own doing, own thinking,
own emotions which lead him to behave in a certain way, create his fate which
nearly, utterly killed him because it lead to drinking.
That's why you love yourself because no one out there can complete you and
make you whole. Only you can and whoever comes or leaves doesn't empty the
ﬂowing love you got inside of you.
It's still there and ever ﬂowing.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to ﬁnd out if a girl is into me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You approach and show vulnerability.
This is how you stand out from many guys who got jobs, cars, looks, clothes,
physique but they got no balls to approach and stick their neck out.
You approach immediately.
This is status. Your real status.
If you was in a poor country, then ok....you're fancy clothes, shoes, watch, mobile
phone, car and job will get lots of attention but you're in the modern world.
You're in the west and in a world where many have these.
Even those who haven't can look good with some gym training and some good
clothes but you diﬀerentiate from all of them by.....behaviour.

Behaviour in that you approach immediately and show your know what you want
and you are willing to face any fear, any obstacle and even a no. You know who
you are and you know her saying no, is about her not you.
Why?
She doesn't know enough about you even if she was a friend for 10 years because
intimacy in really knowing you, REALLY knowing the man, isn't about how long
someone knows you.
It's what you share with this person at a deeper level. Secrets untold that only she
can see when being with you, living with you, eating with you, making love to you
and more.
She doesn't know you at that deep level.
What don't you do?
You don't wait for love and for the right one.
You don't play signals, you don't look for them but stick your neck out, approach,
ﬂirt, converse, be light hearted as you show true intent.
You can talk about some place for her and you to check out. If she's goes for it,
exchange numbers.
But if she doesn't, if she doesn't show interest, do not invest any more time with
her. Politely walk away.
The reason why you approach this way is you dont waste time. It forces women to
give you an answer and whatever they say, it is either a yes or not. Anything in
between, anything regarding future is not good enough.
You live in the present and so you must stay in the present.
The women will show their intention and whether they say they are busy, not into
relationship yet, they will think about, to call her and ask her again maybe in a
week is not good enough for you.
Have standards.
When I say standards most women think I am saying they are not good enough.
No. It means you as a man has self respect, you are living in the present, you
know what you want and if she doesn't show she got what you want right now,
here and then, it's moving on time.
This eliminates you to emotionally invest in time and resources on women who
just want to ﬂirt, who want to use you for emotional support, some women are
looking for men for nothing more but to trade their sexuality for friendship when
you don't want friendship...platonic...but sexual attraction.
Sexual attraction doesn't mean sex.
It includes it but you're going to look for much more, like personality, values,
she's open minded, she hasn't too much insecurities, she's outgoing, you get
along with her, she is into you, she makes it easier for you to get to know her, and
she isn't playing some hard to trying to test your frame.
You'll meet many women who are at these stages:
1. Yes, I am interested.
2. Not sure
3. No, not interested.
Always focus on number 1.

She has priority over the rest. I don't care how gorgeous she looks, how smart she
is, whatever.
You immediately screen out the girls who are not interested and girls who do not
give you a clear YES.
It prevents them trying to be ﬂirty for attention, bored, testing if she can get a
man's attention for nothing more than insecurities...ﬁlling her time up...wants to
see if she still got it to attract a man....rather than being interested in you when
you talk with them.
It forces those who are erm..argh...erm...to say yes or no.
If they say anything in between, like they busy, not ready for relationship, got a
boyfriend it is a no. I don't care if they do or don't have a boyfriend. I don't care if
she is gorgeous and looks like a godess.
It is the intention shown that matters and it is a no.
No means no. Yes means Yes.
The ones who are undecisive have to decide there and then. If not, NEXT.
The ones who talk back, smile but must show right then. If not....NEXT.
The ones who are interested....you focus on them.
It saves you a lot of time and hassle.
Don't wait and fall for that "love comes your way."
MEN go for what they want. They don't wait for anything. They grab life by the
horns and move forward. Waiting will only get you frustrated and you learn
nothing in gaining experience, skills and knowledge.
You must go out in the world to gain experience.
Oh yes, and the ones who play hard to get....let them believe that they are
screenning out guys and this myth that it's the way to get the serious one. No, you
be serious and leave them standing.
Don't pay any attention if any play hard to get.
You either want a YES or a NO.
Anything else will still mean you move on.
So to ﬁnd out a girl is interested in you....you approach and ﬁnd out. This is how
you stand out from the rest.
You don't look for any signals or hints. This is where you will mess up and
hesitate. You'll ﬁnd yourself being played.
Behave like you got status.
You do so by sticking your neck out. Show vulnerability.
Status doesn't wait and hesitate. It is a man who knows what he wants and isn't
intimidated by women or anything else. Yes, it hurts but that's how it is for
whatever you want in life.
That's what seperates you from the rest.
That's what will stop many guys but not you.
Imagine millions of men just stare and fear rejection.

They are unwilling to stick their neck out and yet, here you are being the chooser.
Approaching women.
Approach and show vulnerability.
You don't know how good you got it. Man, you don't know how good you got it in
this modern world full of people scare to show they are vulnerable.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

I'm with the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. She
loves me as well but doesn't believe she is good enough for me. I
never lie, would never cheat, always try to show her how much I
care. How do I show her that she is good enough for me and that
I don't want anyone else but her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You face two problems right now in your life.
The ﬁrst is this....
"I don't want anyone else but her."
The myth of the one that blinds so many people to avoid seeing the red ﬂags.
Instead, they want to try to change that person, ﬁx that person, and a lot of
women do this too and fail miserably.
Instead of being with someone who has doubts to then try to ﬁx and change....
you be with someone who is 100% in. Who believes and who hasn't got all kinds
of insecurities.
She is projecting her perception, her past experiences, her reality on to the
relationship. It may never change no matter how much you give.
That's her truth.
The Second is....
Love does not conquer all and nor does time.
This is a fallacy of "the one." and "soul mate."
Love takes much more than some "one." It takes two people with mutual respect
and care with added time to nurture. It takes knowledge, skill and experience. It
takes relationship management and sometimes much more.
When the honeymoon is over it's going to take much more.
It may turn out she will emotionally drain you and she will always believe she is
not good enough for you.
Why be with someone who is indecisive, unwilling to be 100% all in.
You lose out big than gaining because you put your life on hold. This is your life
too and you don't be in a position one day, if nothing happens to feel hurt for you
to say....
"Oooh but I did this for her, that for her, she was all my life. Why did she do
this to me when I gave everything."
People change. People grow. People will one day leave. You never know. The only
thing you know is the present.
The present?

She is not ready to be with you. The future owes us nothing. We don't know what
happens in the future.
We only know the present.
She believes she's not good enough for you and if that's so, well, you got a long
hard road ahead .
Think carefully.
Decide to be patient if you wish and keep doing whatever you're doing but it may
not be enough because no one really can change anyone. That power belongs to
the person themselves.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I wanna ask this girl out, but I don't know if I should ask incase
she feels too awkward and our friendship gets ruined, any help?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I personally, don't touch social circle when it comes to dating. So I rule out
friends as there are plenty of women out of my social circle.
However, there is something I like to share with you regarding friends...
One day you're going to learn this in life...
Friends, they will ﬂy. Friends will grow and live their life.
Friends won't stick around you all their lives. Friends will date someone, time
gets limited with being with you and some will even leave the city for a job.
Some will ﬂy to another country.
Your friends might not be there in 5 years time. They change. Your values, ideals
and how you see the world might one day be diﬀerent.
One day, you might ﬁnd you're just so diﬀerent that you both go your own way. It
happens and I have experienced it myself. So have many other people too. It is
part of life and something you cannot stop when it does happen.
This is how it is in life and so, you need to stop making friendship as some excuse.
People grow, people leave, people come and go.
That's life. The real world.
The key is, do things based on truth not on the insecurities you have. If it's fear of
rejection then this isn't about friendship.
It's about you fearing rejection and the neediness of validation, approval and
acceptance of someone else.
That's not what strong friendship is built on.
I don't date friends and from my social circle because it is too close to home. I like
to keep these two seperate. It's why I date out of my social circle but it's not
because of fear of rejection or need of validation.
It's just I have certain principles I follow.
Just make sure whatever you decide, it's not because of some insecurities or
you'll never get over such fears in the future.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Declan Abid

A girl said she likes me and I told her that I like her as well but
she's become distant suddenly. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're too slow.
A girl showed vulnerability and you didn't make your move. You just told her you
liked her and that is it.
You don't do that. You like a girl then forget talk. Forget..
"I like you too."
What is she going to do with that?
Instead, take action.
Stop with the internal dialogue that you're an introvert and shy. You're like that
because you don't do enough socialising. I'm an introvert but today I make the
extrovert feel like they are introverts.
I'm the party guy now and going for things in life and have ton of friends.
So stop with the internal dialogue that is self sabotaging you and have been doing
for a while....and talk the right way. That you got this, you can talk to any girl
whenever you want and go and do it.
There is no distance. It's all in your mind. You are creating this distance and it
can be sorted by saying hello, having a chat with her.
If you don't get with approaching people, how you going to get a job later on? How
you going to even make it in the interview process? How are you going to make
friends if you don't take action?
You're the one creating the distance not her. She took action.
Approach her face to face, talk with her, ﬂirt, converse before asking her out.
That's what will remove awkwardiness.
Then ask her out because right now, you're behaving like you're not interested. It
doesn't matter if she likes you. It can go away fast when another guy appears. If
you are slow then attraction can be gone as fast as it came.
Show vulnerability. That's status. Real status that girls like. That's what makes the
average guy stand out from the rest.
If you don't move fast she is going to dictate a role in her mind to make you
nothing more than a friend and when that happens...it's very hard to get out of.
So be diﬀerent.
Stop telling yourself you're an introvert and shy.
Go and talk to her like a human being. Just say hello, talk, converse, have fun and
this will remove awkwardiness from you and her, close the distance you created
and now you can smile and ask her out.
But move fast.
You haven't got time.
Escalation window in these matters is very short lived.
20.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend asks me to dump her. She told me that our
relationship will not work out. And she said she's just ''using''
me to forget about her past relationship. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn't matter if you're unwilling to break up with her.
She has given you a warning. It's her saying...
"In the future, you will see me with another guy and we will date, sleep with
another guy and it will happen..."
It's called Pre-framing.
What is Pre-framing?
Pre-framing is a psychological move used in marketing and sales. It allows the
businesses to let their potential customers know in advance what is going to
happen.
In business we know people come from diﬀerent enviroments, ideals and
perception and they can reject oﬀers but if the business gradually lets their
potential customers and existing customers know of changes in advance...it will
be better received.
It won't be some surprise and suddenly they complain.
Like when someone signs up to an email newsletter. They know what's coming in
advance.
By letting people know in advance what to look for in their message....the
business is paving the way for their message to be well received.
She has done the same with you.
She is..Pre-framing.
So whatever happens, you already knew it would happened. She has giving
you...the...message way in advance.
Whether you stop putting her on a pedestal and get on with it to have self respect
by breaking up with her or you don't.....
She is going to ﬁnd someone else anyway.
She's going to do whatever she wants anyway.
You got the message from her...in advance....and she will assume it's your fault if
you stay with her when things happen.
That she now removes all responsibility and blame from herself because she
showed you the ﬁne print on what has changed even if she hasn't explained why.
She might already got her eye on someone else and probably already making
plans or has already made her moves.
It's just a matter of time when you...ﬁnd out.
So her saying that to you is in advance is to avoid doing the break up herself. It's
her telling you she hasn't got the backbone to say she is moving on. She is trying
to minimize conﬂict and awkwardiness.
She hoped you break up with her right there and then....
But she realised one of the reasons why she is leaving you.

You're too nice guy, a doormat, which is what Nice Guys are. Doormats. They can
be treated like shit, told a load of crap, disrespected, cheated on and still...they
will say they so love the girl and want to want her.
They will stay with the girl.
They will still hope for the girl to change, stay, come back and be their princess ;)
You know, the myth, the legends, the fallacy of "the one" and "soul mate."
She now got her conﬁrmation.
She knows you haven't the balls to move on. You have no options yourself. You
shown you haven't got much self respect and now she will do what is necessary to
do whatever.
A scenerio, an event, something will happen.
It be so blatant, so obvious and if you still don't move on, she'll rub it more on
your face because she hasn't got the backbone to say..
"We're done. I'm breaking up with you."
If a woman asked me to dump her, I'd show her the door and say, "Leave. We're
done."
That's called having self respect.
And if someone says "but she might be testing.."
I don't test. I don't play games.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ail Shino

What should I do now that the guy I like, and have upset, is
ignoring me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Run. I seriously mean, run as far as you can from this guy.
This guy is someone who likes attention, on some power trip and really isn't
going to do a damn thing when it comes to dating you or even friendship.
By the time you know it, you won't know your head from your ass, your arms
from your feet because he sucked you into a multi-universe of bullshit. You'll be
so confused you'll lose self esteem, sleep and you get so damn hurt.
AND worse...you'll think it's all because of you.
He's on some planet called "I like girls chasing me and giving me attention."
This is what we call drama.
Drama....drama...pathetic whiny drama.
A guy pointing negative at you, on things you didn't do, or don't know what you
did. It's all some power trip game. It's manipulation.
It's like the Silent Treatment. Drama.
Stay away from such guys who give mixed signals. They love pressing buttons,
making you feel crap and you don't even know why, what and how.
Block him on every channel you got and from your phone.
Don't waste your time with such immature bullshit because it is bullshit. Sounds
like some immature teen or some older guy who wants to just feel his ego stroked.

Not worth your time.
Move on if you don't want to end up being despressed.
You got better things to do and better guys to talk to and even date. This is
nothing more than drama.
487 Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to say to men that you are looking for serious
relationship to be married? Would this scare men away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not in the beginning. I'd be concerned about the maturity of the woman I am
dating to says such things so early. I'd wonder why she is so fast saying it to me,
when she doesn't know me that well.
I'd expect a woman to say such things after she has dated me many a times, got to
know me and not before.
One of the things I always look for in a woman is maturity, understanding about
relationships and how it goes. She has experience, wisdom, open minded and
isn't so hasty to make such decisions so fast with a man.
So take your time to know the man, his values, experiences, what he wants in life,
his history etc. There's a lot to know ﬁrst before saying this to a man.
503 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Agnes Ng

I’m in high school and I've been rejected 7 times by girls. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was young, just got a job as a sales rep. The guy who was my upline in the
company always said..
"Maintain your conﬁdence."
So I did that. Guess what happened? Nothing. Zero. Same damn response. No
sales and if lucky, probably one sale from someone who I feel just wanted to get
rid of me.
Then I had this idea.
You know when you go to a doctor and he tells you nothing can be done and you
go to get a second opinion?
I did that.
I went and got a second opinion from one of the top sales reps in the company. He
asked me what I was told.
"Maintain conﬁdence."
"WTF?" He said, "you're being sent in the ﬁeld without prior training, knowledge
and skills. You'll get slaughtered out there. Come with me."
For the next 4 weeks this awesome guy, who was making tons of money, took the
time to teach me about consumer psychology, marketing, sales and the language
of inﬂuence.
The Result?
I went out in the ﬁeld and my sales rocketed.

Generated more sales than most on the phone and follow ups.
I was so excited that I used this experience of seeing the result to go full
steam ahead. I even showed others in my team how to as well.
You won't believe the relief but most of all....how they loved coming to
work due to knowing how to get results.
They can take it wherever they go in their life.
Transferrable knowledge and skill.
I'm not saying start making cold calls. Let's have some sense here. I'm
showing you need knowledge and skill. That conﬁdence alone is not
enough. You need diﬀerent set of knowledge, skills and then you got to go
out there and apply, see what works, reﬁne and get better.
This gives you real conﬁdence!
It's like online marketing.
If I designed a website and I don't know the target audience, their fears, desires,
hopes, resistence, and I don't know how to measure results....I'd fall ﬂat on my
face. I'd not know what works and what doesn't.
I'd think online marketing is a load of bollocks!
Same with social media. The amount of hype regarding social media is just crazy
and you get busy doing things without much results.
You ﬁnd yourself frustrated, emotionally drained and more confused than the
day you started.
Dare I say, most people who tell you to maintain conﬁdence are FULL OF
SHIT!
Listen friend.....
You can maintain all the conﬁdence you want but you are going to get the same
results and probably worse.
You need knowledge and skill. I am saying this to you because I was there years
ago and I know how it feels.
It's wrong for people to say that maintaining conﬁdence is the way. You need
knowledge and skill. Yes, believe in yourself but you need the knowledge and the
skill to help you get the results you desire.
Or you won't know why it doesn't work and why it does.
You won't be able to get results you desire.
You will ﬁnd yourself like some dog chasing your tail.
It's like "love conquers all."
It doesn't conquer all.
You need knowledge, skill and much more because love is not enough and never
will be. You need conversational skills, relationship management skills,
seduction skills and other skills too.
You need to know the love languages of the woman you're with and a whole heap
of other stuﬀ.
Now, just to be clear, the story of sales, cold calling is just an example regarding
skills. Of course you're not going to approach in a way where you're not pitching
and the skills set is going to be diﬀerent.

So is the knowledge for each component when it comes to dating.
With approaching girls you need to learn:
How to demonstrate attractive qualities
How to ﬂirt in a manner to make her feel alive
How to arouse her, capture her emotions and lead her imagination to
make her pussy drip and believe me, girls tell me when I talk on
phone...their pussy is wet and want to meet. I'm not shitting you here. I
don't need to worry when to kiss and have sex. Their pussy is wet before
we meet. Just one smile, one touch and she's already unbuckling your
Jeans. Yes, it happens but it takes...
Knowledge and skills.
How to converse to DESIRE you.
How to show you got standards
How to let her know...no play hard games or it's over in a polite manner
ALL THE ABOVE done before you ask a girl out and all the above can
happen real fast
How to get her number while showing true intent
How to lead to exchanging number and removing awkwardiness
How to use phone to build little comfort and making sure when you do
meet, she knows you're going to embrace, kiss and not be like most
chumps who ask "when do you gradually move to kiss." AND it is be her
who jumps on you with the kissing.
How to build on the attraction you have to lead meeting up face to face
How to converse to arouse on date so she desires you even more, to see
you again.
How to lead to seduction and seduction is another area of it's own. In
fact all these steps are components, with own knowledge and skill set.
Conﬁdence comes in knowing how to do these.
You cannot go out and fake it and make it.
It's like someone sending you to a battle ﬁeld ﬁlled with guns and tanks, and your
commanding leader says..
"Here. use this Bow and Arrow. Just maintain conﬁdence."
You'd be dead before you even know it.
Now you know and it's up to you to turn ever rock, every stone to learn all these
steps. If you don't, you will stay where you are and nothing is going to happen.
There is no short cuts.
You just weren't given the knowledge and skills you needed to do this.
Most guys don't and hear so much crap from young and adult on how you just
talk to women like anyone else.
If I talked to customers like anyone else, I'd not make a dime!
I'd be broke before I know it.
I didn't become one of the top sales rep years ago by talking to people like I talk to
my sisters and brothers, and friends.

It's a diﬀerent way of approaching and conversing.
You need diﬀerent type of knowledge and skill.
Rest now is up to you.
Take my advise and ﬁnd the knowledge or listen to the bullshit on how you
must...
"Maintain conﬁdence."
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

He broke up with his gf for me, should I be worried?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't think that because you will make him believe he broke up with his
girlfriend because of you. Then he will say that one day..
"Oooh I broke up with her. I left everything for you."
Like some women with their bullshit..
"Oh I LOST my virginity to him! He used him."
That's saying we are not responsible for our own decisions. It's a cop out.
No one breaks up with anyone because of someone. So don't let him think he
broke up because of you. He did so out of choice, his own desire to be with you
not because of you.
They break up because they desire someone else. It is their own choice. Their own
decisions. There is no blame and there is no idea of this..
"Will it last."
If you want hope for relationship to last, better not be in one in the ﬁrst place.
Might as well go celibate. Go to some mountain and enter temple and stay there.
You ain't going to marry him, have 6 kids, get a mortgage and land yourself in
debt in the thousands, are you?
Relax. Enjoy the moment. Don't make things serious so soon.
You don't know him well and he doesn't know you well. Also none of us here
know him either.
People leave relationships everyday for many reasons and most of it isn't about
someone else but about their own desires. Maybe problems were already there.
Whatever the reason, just enjoy it while...it...lasts.
If we judged people by what they did in relationships in past, believe me,
everyone will hide, lock themselves in a closet and stay alone
11.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some overlooked things whenever social media is
hyped?
Adam Taha, Passionate about Social Network Marketing

Answered Apr 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are quiet a few overlooked things and much of which, when you know how
to grow a brick and mortar business, as well as online businesses you can see
through most of the hype easily.

1. You Can Create Millions Of Followers In A Few Months
Most I have worked with didn't do it by free methods. They had years in building
their own community. They had a fat email list that they developed relationship
with. I'm talking years.
Then they sell books saying how they made it using Social Media
The real deal is social media is about the power to the consumer to be able to talk
about services they use, complain if they get mishandled and for ordinary people
to build their own communities.
2. You Can Go Viral With Social Media
Second Group, tried gaming the system, with all sorts of systems, black hat
tactics, which is about hacking into accounts, triggering system with tons of
votes, who by the way get banned and cry why they have been banned.
They know why. Then sell you books on how to do it and yet they have been
banned from many platforms. The way Google went heavy on marketers with
Google Ads regarding aﬃliation programs.
In some of the large business forums I moderate, I saw something in which votes
were kicking oﬀ rapidly but there were no comments. I started to investigate and
found many accounts being created.
In the beginning they were giving value but soon this would spiral as they started
ﬁlling the content with spammy links to landing pages, other websites, products
and ebooks.
Yes, it's the sock puppet accounts. It's where you have online identities used for
purpose of deception and there are many ways it was done. They also worked
with other people who had lots of followers and who also helped with voting.
They were warned but they kept doing it and so they were banned.
Third Group
Some authors were already in the Corporate world and some already in a business
who also lie on how they succeed due to social media. They already had huge
social status.
They also had lots of money to pump into their mortar business. They spent lots
of money on advertising and therefore, their business grew using paid
advertisement.
Then they used Social platforms and tout on how they made it using Social
Media. Not so.
Even with their books being sold on Amazon, you'll ﬁnd they bought bulks,
sending to major editors of magazines, newspapers and bloggers.
It is a major advantage when you already got huge following, status and money to
pump into paid advertising.
The ones I know right now spent money tp pump their facebook fan pages up
with huge numbers.
3. Brands Make Millions So Can You
Established brands already have a large audience. They have millions of them all
over the world. You only have to set up one facebook fan page and it will grow
very fast. The way Coca Cola did and which was started by two guys who didn't
realise it becoming one of the biggest fan pages. Coca Cola invited them not to
reprimand but reward their eﬀorts. They now work under leadership of Coca
Cola.

Brands have millions of dollars and they spend it on advertising. They can aﬀord
to do that and not faint if their money doesn't pay back. The amount of money
they spent on advertising is staggering.
4. You Got To Be On Every Social Media Platform
Heard this before. The truth is, you need to be where your consumers are, where
your audience are. You have lots of Gurus and authors touting the idea to be
everywhere.
Each social media platform has it's advantage but just because it exists, doesn't
mean you need to be on it. Look at your strategy, your brand, the beneﬁts for your
consumers and your business.
5. The More Likes and Votes You get...The More Money You Make
The idea if you got these you'll make tons of money. You're going to
ﬁnd...likes....votes...shares doesn't necessary mean engagement. Some don't even
read most of what they share. I know, crazy.
Votes...Likes...Shares doesn't translate as income.
With sales, there is a process. How do you get the prospect from A to B?
When you're on social media platforms like Quora, you'll ﬁnd you cannot start
pitching your product or book when you have been providing content.
It isn't consistent and suddenly you ﬁnd your audience is going to be pissed oﬀ
with you. The only way to know...is real engagement and measuring.
7. Social Media Is FREE!
If you're not spending money...you're investing time away from something else
and resources. Brands have a team to do that but if you're on you're own then
imagine your own website, content, products, sales process, conversions,
measuring and I haven't including social media engagement.
Facebook's ad revenue topped $11 billion in 2014. So you got brands paying
millions and small companies, marketers, authors, activists etc.
If you don't have the money, you're going to have to put time, eﬀort and other
resources in. There are jobs where social media marketer is a full time job! It has a
team These companies don't mess around. It's a lot of work, organising,
planning, measuring etc.
That's why the next LIE is obvious...
8. Social Media Is Easy
In no way it is easy. Brands have to answer lots of customer queries, complaints,
convince consumers to buy and the mindset of people on their pages are already
in a frame of buying. The trust is there. It's been established for years and their
pages is used as a voice for their consumers. Business as usual but just consumers
can talk, air their complaints or suggestions faster.
Try doing that as one person while running a business. It's not an easy job. If in
the hands of an inexperienced, they'd run roit with the business. They'd be
emotional wreck.
Even now, I get tons of messages where most are so excited about this gadget,
some new opportunity, or new disciovery which isn't new but been here for years
and they just got hammered by it. People seem to have this tenancity to stay
focused. Wanting things done fast, thing new things will come and it be the next
big thing.
I even get people every week "hey adam, quick, get your books out, your
magazines, your website out," like some big wave is coming. I ignore and reply
ﬁrmly. I've been online for years and seen too much nonsense.

Social media requires a deep understanding of the psychology, marketing,
branding and disciplines, with full time focus on mediums to develop it into a
marketing sophisicated tool.
It shouldn't be ONE thing but goes alongside a srategy, a marketing plan, part of a
small piece and yet very power and eﬀective marketing tool. Most tout it as the
only thing. Most even tell you to have a seperate social media strategy. No wonder
many just lose it and ﬁnd it complex to even convert.
It's not easy. Far from it.
9. Social Media Has Killed Email Marketing
It's big, alive and well. It's conversion rate is high. It works. It is still a big industry
and many businesses still use it. It is the tool to build one's own email list and
customer base if done right.
Many abuse it and many start without the proper foundation in place like
strategy, marketing concept, marketing plan, goals and objectives, sales process
and funnel...and an overall big picture on how it all comes together with Social
Media.
Whether it is SEO or Landing Pages, or Websites, to Email Marketing...they
compliment each other as well with Social Media when done right.
Social Media for the average bob and jane has become a distraction. You can lose
your life, time being involved in community and think a platform is the big thing
but really, it's only one small tiny village.
Far too many lost the plot.
That it's only suppose to be a small part of our life and to still talk with people,
engage, really converse with each other and not let...the outside real physical
world slip away.
Or we ﬁnd yourself broke in resources and real friends.
In this online world, it's busines is to DISTRACT. Noise after noise, pulling you
left, right and centre. Some get so hyped up they are creating platforms, books
but there is no substance.
You get people thinking about gaming a platform, a system, an alogorithm when
the future, the real wave if anyone wants one is people. It is being consistent with
the community we belong and build meaningful relationships.
For businesses they need to not make social media as the all thing solution but
part of an existing strategy, part of an existing marketing, part of an existing
culture and part of an already existing vision of the business.
Instead of creating a seperate strategy for social media.
One strategy for the whole business, one mission, one voice and it is now
ampliﬁed using...social media platforms.
We can then use it to help the consumer to talk with us, to have power to share
their concerns, to advocate and most of all to feel they belong.
3 Views · View Upvoters

How can I make an older girl fall for me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

These are facts, ﬁgures and details. The smart, funny, age, genuine etc etc, just
you putting her on a pedestal.

Let's be honest shall we...
You have no problem with opening your mouth to say "Hi."
You do have a problem in the following:
1. You put her on a pedestal.
2. You fear loss because you lack resources
3. You fear rejection because you think her opinion of you is much more
than your opinion about yourself. This is neediness. So in need of
validation, acceptance and approval from her.
Let me rephrase this for you..
You only have one thing right now that will help you and it's something you don't
even see. No, not skill. Not knowledge, Sorry but I cannot share what took me
years to learn in minutes.
That unfortunately is not an option.
You want to be more attractive in seconds?
Ok then. Here it is...
Vulnerability.
Stick your neck out and approach.
That's your Real Status
Right now you're demonstrating you have no status whatsoever.
How do you think this looks to any woman?
Real status is behaviour. Any man can look good with some clothes. He probably
have a job, care, income but real status....no.
Because it is about behaviour.
That you KNOW what you want.
That you go for what you want without hesitation.
You're going to do it right now. This second when you see her.
And if she says no, you are ok about it because you got the balls to walk away
without pining like most guys do because....you got REAL STATUS.
This is attractive.
You want attractive, the way you asked in some of the comments in answers here?
Well being attractive takes balls.
It don't take waiting for the right time.
The right time is now.
You have a very short escalation window. The surprise is the power. The guy who
approaches immediately has the real status.
He is attractive more than those who wait.
She may say no and it will hurt but it will go away.
However, what it will do for you will last a life time. It will have given you the
message to your brain that you CAN do this again and again, and agin. That it's
not so bad as your unconscious mind tried to tell you.

If you don't....the regret will last a life time.
So here's the deal.
Forget about her for a moment. This is about you. Knowing who you are. You
want to be where you are all your life?
You want to be someone with no resources?
You want to be afraid all your life doing this?
You want to be in this position again and again?
It's not a great place to be in....is it?
Then...Change!
This is your opportunity to change for the rest of your life.
Take that step and approach.
When you do, no matter what, you will grow. That is all the guarantee I will give
here with you and anyone else. There is no promises here but you going through
pain to see what kind of man you are.
When you do this once, you can do it again and again.
That's self power.
That's self respect.
That's you will never be in that place where you are afraid to show your
vulnerability. Show it because that's what men are made from.
Stick your neck out.
Show vulnerability.
That's your real status.
That's what will make you attractive in seconds.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I proposed a guy, he said he can't be in a relationship coz of his
personal problems & wants me to be as a friend. Should I avoid
him or continue?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From what I'm reading, he proposed to you ﬁrst and you rejected. Two years later,
you are madly in love with him and he is rejecting you.
People change. He has changed.
I know a woman who rejected me. We were in touch, long distance and we were
just about to meet. We were in touch for a while.
She was in Scotland
Just when we were about to meet she didn't want to anymore. I said ﬁne. She
started doing the fade technique. In fact she literally self sabotaged what we had.
It happened like this...
1. The few words on text and messaging.
2. The fading
3. Talking about other guys and ex's. She knew I don't like this. Knew 100%.

4. The silent treatment.
And so, it died.
Three years later, she appeared again and we talked, we got to know each other,
we became friends but...I lost the attraction.
I didn't feel the same way I felt for her like last time.
She wanted more but this time, I said no. I was honest. I just didn't feel it
anymore. Even though we became friends I was just not attracted to her anymore.
I've moved on with my life.
So it later died again after she learnt I wasn't interested.
That's how it is with attraction. When you got it, don't let it go. If it comes, at least
give it a chance, get to know the person instead of deciding straight away. Most
decide immediately and well, realise it was a mistake.
He has said no.
So you need to just let it go.
Move on.
He probably gets a lot of emotional support from talking with you. He probably
values your friendship and doesn't want to lose it.
He probably feels that it be too awkward now.
He probably found someone else and isn't telling you. Whatever the reason, you
can still be in touch and see it as nothing more than friends.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you think you have conﬁdence in speaking to the
public? How did you develop it?
Adam Taha, I've done many public speaking events large and small
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I learnt this sentence from a multi-millionnaire. A good friend who taught me a
lot about life, people and marketing....
"When you learn something, don't let it go."
Then they start asking what has this got to do with approaching women, talking
to strangers and even public speaking.
So I'm going to explain the same way.
You know the answer already because in your life you became conﬁdent with a
skill. You've been through it many a times.
Life examples...
1. You saw people walk. You learnt to crawl. You then began to stagger and
learnt your ﬁrst steps. Then you became conﬁdent and began to walk.
When you learnt to walk...you learnt how to run.
2. Same with a bycycle. You went on it and fell. You got up to do again. You
kept on doing it so your conscious mind gives more information to the
unconscious mind.
When you consistently put eﬀort..and...energy...you get engagement.
The unconscious has now enough information to know this is serious for
you and creates a pattern. Now you do it like it was second nature.

In the beginning it needed more eﬀort and focus.
Now it doesn't need the same exertion and focus as you did before.
The pattern is now running on autopilot because the conscious mind doesn't
multi-task but the unconscious does.
So you need, if you want to have great social instinct....talking and presenting to
groups of people....you need to give your unconsious mind more information. You
need to go and...do it often enough.
That's what I did.
I did it often enough but I also learnt some skills in story telling, marketing,
copywriting and knowing how to tell stories that keeps their attention.
That's what got my conﬁdence skyrocketing.
The ﬁrst crowd of applause from a few people, to a large group of people and then
to an even greater number of people.
"When you learn something, don't let it go."
Don't over think it.
Just go and do it but learn some skills as well like story telling and how to create
simple and yet eﬀective visual presentations.
Start even with a question to hook them me ;)
414 Views · View Upvoters

Is it a wise choice to give up in a situation such as this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I gave up because of the shots I took in life and missed, I'd not be where I am
today. And where I am today, no one knows but assume they know ;)
But also, it depends if the person is really into the game. You know when you're
really into it, your heart and spirt so into it...it be very hard to quit it.
Sometimes, a person is not mentally and emotionally strong.
It can impact them big time.
So it depends on the person but for me personally, I see it diﬀerently. I know it's
not football but if I was into soccer, I'd treat the game and it's failures as I do in
my life...
Because soccer is as much about leadership, teamwork, courage and much more.
1. Martial Arts.
I lost my ﬁrst ﬁght. It was one quick punch and kick to head. I was down. It was
over before it started. Worse! Everyone I knew was there. Yep, even my exgirlfriend who was probably hoping I'd get ﬂoored.
But I kept going, week after week, training and missing the shots.
Year after year until I fought again and won, and won again, and again until I
found something else I like doing.
I was one of the most worst ﬁghters in gang and I became the best in the team
because I got up again and again.
2. Jobs
I applied for jobs when I was aiming for them. I got rejected so bad it was

unbelievable. I mean, if it was someone else, they'd quit and I'd not blame them.
The amount of rejections was just ridicolous.
What did I do?
I went and created my own magazine which got me to talk to all businesses in
city I used to live. They paid up front.
By the time I was done, I got the magazine distrbuted to 4 cities. I got to know lots
of people. I build a strong foundation of contacts.
Then sold the magazine and heard it went downhill months later.
Yeah, it takes work and they found out what I was made of.
I was one man who interviewed, written, designed, delivered to printers and then
got it delivered to people's homes/businesses. I use to work through the day and
night. It was hard grafting. Tough.
I was doing what takes a team to do.
A full blown high quality colour magazine.
I also ﬁgured out that it's who you know and so I went to lots of meetings and by
time a job came up, the ones who ran the interview panel knew me well. Funny
how familiarity works...
I got the....job but I also had the experience and skill.
A CV was just protocol and it is the same today for me.
3. Women
At a young age, I got rejected many times. Guys called me the Iron man because
they saw me go from one girl to next, getting rejected. They thought I had a screw
loose but I knew what I was doing.
I believed and still do, you go through the pain. It hurt but I went through the
pain instead of letting it go through me. I took it on the chin and in doing so, I got
tougher, smarter, funnier, and faster.
I saw rejection as a ﬁlter system to get to the girls who desire me as I desire them
at a faster rate. I never looked back when I got a no and moved on. Any want to
play hard to get can do it with their own shadow.
I moved forward fast.
I learnt a process which I reﬁned and still use today. I own this knowledge and it's
system. No. I did not invent it but I own it because I earned the right to own it
from my years of work. So it's now ingrained in me.
I invested at a young age in books on psychology, marketing, strategy, the
psychology of inﬂuence. I devoured books than people called me the Professor.
Ilearnt as much as I could.
Increased my social skills and while others were bitching about shy, social
anxiety, and doing nothing about it...I went full on.
That's what helped me to date some of then most attractive girls and women. I
am not perfect. I still get rejected because it is impossible to get a yes from all
women. Every women has their desires, fears, hopes and what they want in a
man.
However, I'm conﬁdent and it's just natural now for me to talk to women.
4. Business.
My ﬁrst business was a resturant. I learnt in one month how to do my own doe,

cook pizza. The works and straight away opened my own resturant.
It went great until the city council knocked all the building around my business.
It hit me hard even with doing the deliveries.
Budget for marketing was low and so it was sold later to someone else who turned
it into something else.
The next was a graphic design business but as I began to churn in the money, the
digital age came and it impacted the business heavily. It was time to move on and
sadly I did.
5. The publshing books.
This is before the internet and I wrote my ﬁrst book and it sold out. I was
fortunate to know way ahead of a massive conference and I knew the ones
running it. They owed me a favour.
I had 5 months to write a new book.
I wrote it, proof read and sold lots of stuﬀ from my home. Including my furniture
and TV. Yes, I had only now a matress and some stuﬀ. It was a gamble I was
willing to take and it paid oﬀ.
8,000 books sold!
Without the internet!
The lesson I learnt?
In life, you're going to miss some shots. Sometimes more than you expect. Man,
some shots I took had big gamble on them and I missed.
Some made me even cry because I had to sell some of the most precious things to
me. Including a watch someone very close gave to me.
I even ended up homeless due to the shots I took and I'm not saying for anyone to
go to tha level. This is me.
It is either ALL in or nothing.
I have this passion, this thing inside me, which doesn't stop. This entrepreneurial
thing, this spirt, this die hard steel inside me that keeps telling me to take more
shots.
Even if you accidently miss...do it again!
Get up your ass and do it again!
From it came the resilence, the emotional toughness, the patience and the every
knowing thought that there's so much to learn. It brought with it a swift mind and
the ability to create anything from my head.
So no matter what...I'm going to take the shots.
Even if I accidently miss and get so frustrated by it.
I'll keep taking the shots.
But the most important lesson of all I learnt is this...
Other people rely on me too. It's a team eﬀort and it's not just about me missing
some shot by accident.
It's about the team too.
It's about people who have faith in me.

It's about others who need to know it can be done. There's something much
bigger than me and my failures. There's other people.
There are people I have yet to meet who need to know the answers to their
questions.
There is a team.
Maybe the bond of the player isn't so strong with the game and...the rest of the
players. Maybe the heart is not in the game which is also about people, the
message of what it means to win against adversity.
After all, soccer isn't just soccer.
It's also a way of thinking.
A Philosophy that's much bigger than one player and yet this one player can
inspire the whole team, and the crowd.
896 Views · View Upvoters

Why do nice girls get friend zoned?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because...
1. She hasn't told me she's interested. Being nice is not enough.
2. She's not direct in telling me she's interested. I can't read minds.
3. She tries games to get me jealous. Flirting with guys. Talking about guys.
Their achievements, their blah blah. I mean, this is a guy she's interested
in. So focus on the damn guy you're into lol.
4. Tells her friend she likes me and she doesn't tell me herself.
5. She plays hard to get when I approach. Then wonders why I didn't try
gain ;)
6. She ﬂakes and doesn't give counter oﬀer with time, day.
7. She ﬂakes second time. She's out.
8. She takes too long to call and text. 4 days and more. I've lost interest.
9. She doesn't take interest in my passion, values.
10. She starts acting aloof....distant. Yes, the DISTANCE trick, fading away
into the horizon. THEN...you hear "you never call me, you're so busy,
you're always working, you're.." I'm like "WTF!"
11. She thinks sexualization/role playing is for bad boy. I'm not apologetic in
being a sexual Man. If it intimidates then date some nice guy. He'll wine,
dine and recite shakespeare.
I like to be fun, not take things seriously. Life is serious enough. Chill,
relax and let's have fun.
12. She tells me "all guys just wants sex." Here I thought she has more to
oﬀer than sex. You know, like passion, purpose, personality, values,
humour.
13. Talks about her ex-boyfriends and other past relationships, crushes...on
and on..and on. And yet, all questions from guy is about her and she
fucks it up asking him questions about other guys/past relationship.
14. Tells me guys are chasing her, calling her. (roll eyes) Then go and date
them. Why the fuck you bother talking to me for?

15. Talks some more about other guys.
16. Tries to shit test. I mean, now, you're borderline pyscho/
17. Creates drama. I mean consistent drama, on and on and then silent
treatment.
18. Dissapears for days and limits contact, no response when you don't
agree. Like you got to agree on everything. Like we haven't got our own
opinion. I'm not argumentative. I'm the nicest lad around but pushover,
that's not me.
Now you know.
You see anything up there NICE. Not nice is it?
Not nice at all ;)
9.2k Views · View Upvoters

I want to live an adventurous life, but I am and have always
been fearful. How does a person become brave?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Find a place in your home. Switch oﬀ the lights. Just sit somewhere comfortable.
You don't need to do any Yoga positions or anything diﬃcult.
Even if you sit on a chair. Whatever is comfortable.
Now go through this following process.
1. Think about what you fear the most. Imagine it all from the begining to
the end. Go through each stage from when you wake up in the day to the
moment you are going to do what you fear the most..
2. Feel everything. Let all your senses feel, hear, touch and smell the event
you are doing and the leap you're about to take.
3. Now see yourself when you have done it.
4. See yourself being able to handle it
5. How do you feel now?
The key is visualising it all ﬁrst.
Picturing someone doing it. Now you're going to do this again but with slight
change.
See that person.
Feel the conﬁdence in this person. This person has done this before. They are still
nervous but they are not scared like before.
They have experienced it before.
This person is conﬁdent and is going to enjoy doing this again.
You can feel the conﬁdence in this person.
NOW...step into the body of this person.
See through the eyes of this person who is you.
Feel, hear, touch because this is you. This person is now the conﬁdent you. Look,
feel, smell, touch and see through this person eyes.
The courageous you.

The one who has done this activity before.
Feel the conﬁdence. The energy building inside you. Brighten the world around
you like you own it.
Now touch your wrist!
Anchor this feeling unconciously.
Do all this process, again and again.
When you are wanting to do something brave, touch your wrist and your
unconscious will bring up the amazing feeling inside you. To make that happen
you really got to do your home work.
The steps above again and again.
Morning and evening. One hour max if you can or start small and build up. Don't
rush it. Make it very clear in your mind.
Spend more time in your mind. Teach it. Educate it. Nurture it. This is an
investment that will pay you back again and again.
This is what I mean by..
"Change something in your life. If it is not working, change something."
You are changing the way you see fear and you gave grown to realise fear is only
feedback to say to you..
"Hey friend. It's time to grow. You can hear me because it is time to move on and
grow. Do this activity. Go and do it. You need to grow."
We are courageous not because of the absent of fear.
We are courageous because even in the face of all odds and fear, we go and do. In
doing so we grow faster. We may fail more than other people who stand at the
shores of life like passengers but you shall swim these great waves.
You shall know more than most will ever know.
While others think you're innocent they shall be at awe when the time comes to
ﬁnd a lion. Quietly you have been working, under the shadows like a Lion
studying life. Training your mind.
While others rushing and falling hype, buying this and that for quick ﬁxes, you
are doing the real work.
You know where you must focus on ﬁrst and you know it's going to take the
boring, tedious work I mentioned above.
But it needs to be done and you know most people won't do this step consistenly.
Then wonder why change doesn't happen.
The change won't happen until it becomes a pattern. So you must put the eﬀort
and energy in consistenly.
In time the unconscious realises this is serious for you. This is serious for your
survival and then it takes all the date to create the pattern. That's when this
becomes a habit.
This is one thing the most successful do.
Atheletes do it.
Boxers do it.
Martial Art experts do it.

Entrepreneurs of great succes do it.
Creative thinkers with impressive strategic mind do it.
Your mentors who gone far in life, do it.
The ones you admire and succeeding big in life, do it.
And so you know the path is there for you to also...do it.
This is your cutting edge:
Victory doesn't start out there.
Victory must be in your mind ﬁrst.
Inside you lies your fears, inside you lies your greatest battle and your victory.
Make whatever you desire to achieve happen in your mind ﬁrst and you will forge
yourself forward.
You'll be happy fear is accompanying you.
Fear makes you feel the excitement, the amazing rush, that feeling we call..living.
It is you living on the edge.
Come to the edge.
We might fall.
Come to the edge.
It's too high!
COME TO THE EDGE!
And they came,
and he pushed,
And they ﬂew.
Poem by Christopher Logue
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend talks about her ex every day. Do I have the right to
get angry, even if she talks about him in a negative light?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Set boundaries. I don't agree about talking about ex, she can go to some therapist
for that. She's in a relationship with you.
You have two choices..
1. Communicate calmly and let her know you don't want to hear about her
ex-boyfriend.
2. Leave the relationship if she is unwilling to see it hurts and annoys you.
But you cannot control the other person.
It's like even in life in general where some women have no damn clue. They talk
about some guy, some ex. Like you give a shit about hearing about some guy
when in relationship with you.
So I set boundaries on this way in the beginning and if one continues, well, they
can then be with these guys and leave me alone.
I walk and be with someone who is going to talk about something else than other
guys, ex-boyfriends and past relationships and who did what yada yada yada. You
know, a person into you than someone else.
That's all you can do.

Know what you want. Set boundaries and if they don't give a shit, and think
walking away is a solution. Then ok. Walk away then from all of it.
So you decide what you want. Stick with her talking about her ex everyday or
walk. That's a decision you can only make.
You're not her therapist. Either she gets help from a professional or you leave.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do people think about long-distance relationships?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like any type of relationship they work. Like any type of relationship...it's the
people involved who make it hard or easier.
The thing is - the person on the other end needs to feel same way as you do. They
need to have believe it's going to happen and not think it will fail. They also need
to behave sincerely with action.
Right now as an example, I am communication with a woman long distance.
Fortunately for the internet, Whatsapp and there are other tools so we can
communicate with each other.
The hardest part I feel in long distance are:
You can't meet physically like you could with someone locally. It can be
frustrating but I'm patient.
It's easy to assume any communication or lack of, as something is wrong
when it's not. Silence unfortunately doesn't solve a damn thing. Being
consistent in communication does. If you were communicating
everyday, then keep it consistent. Don't start backing oﬀ or agree to some
schedule to help one another.
I ﬁnd most women in other worlds have no clue how to ﬂirt due to
cultural reasons. They can easily get oﬀended and those that do, I don't
care about but those who don't, like the sexualisation and it's arouses
and makes woman feel great. We have fun too.
However, it is the ﬁrst two that can get you the most if you're not patient and I'm
very patient. I'm also busy living life too.
From personal experience:
1. Communication. This is so important. Don't let this one go. Always
communication because if you don't then both of you will try to assume
things and ﬁll gaps. Use whatever tools like WhatApp, Facebook private
messaging or Skype.
Communication needs to be done sincerely and not to ﬁll in some slot or
space. The person needs to hear how you feel about them not about
someone else, some guy or some girl, or someone else.
This is time for both you and the person.
Take interest in them but not advise in what they do in life. I mean
interest in who they are, show you care, get to know the person and not
communicate like it's to ﬁll space.
We call these...ﬁllers. Don't do it.
2. Honesty. Never lie about anything. Be honest, truthful from day one.
Wherever you are in life and whatever you want, and whoever you

are...make sure it is consistent and true. No lying about photos, about
anything. If you're in a relationship. If not, ﬁne. Just be honest. This is
someone's life, time and energy. Be honest. One lie and it can be the
beginning of something that breaks the relationship apart.
3. Be fun. Humorous and not always serious. I believe in making her
laugh. I love her laugh and so I like hearing her laugh. It's about giving
for me and not taking. So I talk, make her laugh, make her feel good,
listen and talk, communicate and have fun.
4. Sexualise and Role Play. I do this a lot and sexualise a lot too. I don't
follow the social norms in society and I think that's one of the things she
clicks with me. She has fun with me too. She's brave like I am, open
minded and we have fun role playing.
Just because I sexualiize, ﬂirt, role play doesn't mean I see the person I
talked with as an object. I do want to know her. I do care about her. I do
want to ﬁnd out much about her. If a woman can't see that then we're not
compatible. But with her, she roles plays with me sometimes. Not easy
for some to ﬂirt but she gets it. She really does and that's another thing
why she's amazing. She isn't bitter about the world, knows how to have
fun and just ﬂows with it.
5. Argument. There is nothing to gain from arguments. I always try to not
see too much into words. If a storm is coming and I see it then I adjust
the sail and we're back to what is really important. Talking with each
other calmly and having fun. Getting to know each other. Even with
years of experience and knowledge, I might slip up. I'm human but I
quickly realise and quickly bring it back to calmness.
You cannot agree on everything. We all have our own passions, values,
knowledge, expertise, experiences in life. It's ok to disagree. You're not a
doormat but try to not get into heated arguments.
6. Don't Test Each Other. By that, I mean, don't say something to test the
other person to see if they believe in something or not. That's mean, it's
cruel, it's very manipulative and hurtful. These are called Shit Test.
Trying test the person you love and care about to see if they really who
they say they are. Or to see if you can do this or that with them in the
future.
Stay away from talking about other guys and women. Don't test your
man/woman ego. It's immature. Stop that. This is time for both, not for
the world. The world can wait.
Don't do it because if he is a conﬁdent man and woman who are learned,
experienced, have really lived...then they can see what's going on. They
might ignore such things for a while but it will slowly be like poison and
they'll either say something or drift away.
7. Be Patient. She knows I have a life and I know she has a life too. Busy
life, with committment to work and time diﬀerence too can make it seem
the person doesn't want to talk. Things happen and we cannot see what
is happening. So it's best to not assume anything. Be patient, just say
hello, ask how your lover is and wait. Show you care.
Contact. Don't assume one is busy either. Until they say so,
communicate. Full steam ahead.
8. Trust. Without this, it's not going to happen. You need to trust each
other because the distance can create some space in which you can
easily assume things. I trust her. She's smart, attractive and I won't be

surprised men sending messages to her. I won't be surprised men see her
in street and approach her but I trust her. We are very open where we
stand in life.
9. Shared Committment. It's not going to happen on it's own. Both lovers
need to put sometime aside to communicate. Both need to help each
other to keep moving forward. There is no such thing as being too busy
to not talk in the week. Make time. Find a way. This is a two way
conversation and both need to be committed.
That's what I think about long distance relationship.
It's hard work if we let it be hard work. It doesn't have to be. For me, it is not hard
work. It's easy because we make it easy on ourselves.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rent James

Do you think any guy would ﬁnd me desirable having been
through physical abuse, being raped, I became promiscuous
and sexually exploited, and I left home to survive
independently?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Any guy, no. Most guys are like most women....scared as hell about their sexuality
and worried about all sorts in world.
So they will have their own insecurities, fears, experiences, perceptions, labels
and all that crap. Especially when they know about you being abused and raped.
It would frighten them.
They'll smile, talk, show like they are interested but really, they will dissappear.
This is the world we live in but...some guys, yes.
Personally, from me...I feel...
You've been through a lot and you're still standing. So for me, since you're still
standing, you're ready to live big, you don't mind travelling world, seeing place,
experiencing new cultures in these new countries, then great!
You'd appreciate a lot more in life than most and you'd probably have more
backbone to travel world than all that erm...arrh....erm..I don't know...erm..
You'd have this quality of strength, tenaciousity, this amazing power inside of
you.
So for me, you're amazing human being to go through all that and still wanting to
be in a relationship with a guy, got hope, compassion, wanting to give to
someone, care about someone else, love someone else.
Yes, amazing!
I can't speak for any guy, all guys but for myself, the answer would be yes.
All the best and I wish you well.
15.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Barbie Saxon

Is it true that girls don't take funny guys seriously and hence
they are more likely to be friendzoned?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not about the funny part. I'm funny but I have a serious part of me too.
However, it isn't really about funny or not being funny that's the problem.

It could be you are not showing clear intent.
You need to show clear intent with girl you like and not just be ﬂirting for too
long. Flirt, be funny but you need to pull back to make your intention clear to her.
She needs to know you're attracted to her.
But if you don't then you're playing safe.
You're doing what most typical guys do, which is hesitating in letting the girl
know you're sexually attracted to her.
You fear rejection if you're avoiding doing that.
Being ﬂirty, fun must have a goal. You need her to know what that is and not hide
it. You need to detach from this fear of rejection and loss.
I sexualise big time and one's who get oﬀended are the ones I don't want. The
ones who are conﬁdent, see a conﬁdent sexual man and like, I am interested in.
I'm not shy nor am I apologetic about it either.
Second, it's about making her FEEL alive. You don't just be funny. You need to
arouse her emotions which triggers her fantasies to see a connection between her
map in her mind with you.
It's about feeling, arousing her and leading her imagination to see how amazing it
be to be with you, date you and the sexual experience will be amazing.
So as you can see, it's not just about ﬂirting, being funny but knowing what you're
doing ;)
The break down...
1. Show vulnerability. Stick your neck out to let her know you're interested
in her. Be fun, ﬂirt but then you need to converse to...
2. Show her you desire her. This is very important. It seperates you from
many guys. You need to let her know your intent.
3. Make her feel amazing but don't kiss her ass.
4. Don't invest anymore if she does not desire you. Walk away and politely.
Like it doesn't matter if she rejected you. It's cool.
5. Don't give her anymore time if she is unwilling to show she desires you
too. Have standards. Move on and approach someone else.
So be fun, ﬂirt but also don't forget the reason why you're doing it. Don't hesitate
the part where you need to let her know you're attracted to her. Make her feel
alive.
If all is well, exchange phone numbers.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you were homeless where would you sleep?
Adam Taha, Sleeping in the streets experiences
Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can probably help as I have been there years ago. I decided to leave the city and
never come back. I visited an exhibtion in another city and when it ended I said
to my friend to drive back alone.
"What you mean?"
"I'm not going back." I said.
"But...what you're going to do?"

"I'll ﬁgure it out. You've been a great friend. You take care now."
And he drove oﬀ and then...it started pouring it down, and so, here's the steps I
took until 2 years later I got my own place to move again.
1. I slept in a Telephone Booth.
I didn't know the city well and it was pouring down with rain. It was late
night. I walked further from city to ﬁnd a Phone Booth. I slept there for
the night. I was so tired I couldn't feel the cold.
2. Sleeping Bag
The ﬁrst thing I bought was a Sleeping Bag. I made money singing in the
street. I said to a guy who was playing guitar if he let me use his guitar
and sing, I'll give him 50% of earnings. He gave the guitar after he heard
me sing a few words. He was shit at singing. I wasn't. I earned some
monies and gave him 50% of what was given and went and got me a
sleeping bag.
Make sure you put some cardboard box under your sleeping back. The
cold can be heavy if you sleep on pavement.
3. Park Benches
You have to be careful because you cannot sleep on any bench. Police
can move you. So you need to ﬁnd some hidden ones where Police won't
be bothering you and also not close to any corporate bullshit buildings.
Security comes out and wake you up to move on. So any benches away
from city and somewhere hidden.
4. Empty Market Stalls
You will ﬁnd places where Markets happen outside. The tables will be
left out. They be chained but...they will be good cover for you as you
sleep under them with your sleeping bag. The public don't go there and
nor do the Police either. I never saw any security there either.
5. Empty Old Buildings
I knew where all the old buildings were. You know the broken up ones
where no one will ﬁx? Well, when it got real bad I knew where to go and
sleep there.
I later moved from street a few years after to a hostel. Due to some skills, I met a
woman, a red head, gorgeous and who was a manager of the place. So I dated her
and she moved me out into a hostel with my own room and then later she helped
to have my own place.
Additional - FOOD. WARM DRINKS.
Talk to others who sleep around. They will tell you where the secret hidden cafes
are for you to go and get drinks of tea, coﬀee and toast for free.
You will also ﬁnd some buses that come in evening to give out free bread, food,
drinks at some designated area. They are around if you ﬁgure out where they park
and so you can get some food if you run out of monies.
Brings back memories ;)
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I met a guy on dating site. I've met him twice. How do I know if
he is interested in me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Apr 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah well. What we do, is we have this similar Batman light. When we know we're
interested, we pick up phone, text someone and then they ﬂash that Batman type
of lig t in the sky.

Only ones who can see it guys.
Or sometimes, when we do a dance. Like our own dance. No, not twerking
bullshit. I mean Senatora style, with dancing in the rain. Some guys would have
borrowed a hose pipe to make it look like rain and so I'll dance and walla!
The woman knows I'm interest.
He might open his jacket to show his all. Now you'll know he's interested, isn't it?
Or maybe like most girls shout..
"All you men think about sex!" Yawn.
Yes, sarcasm ;) Come on. I got to have some fun on here...
On a serious note...
If a guy meets you again and again, then he's interested. Or we won't even bother
meeting you the ﬁrst time.
Just kiss him already.
What do you want? A war to break out or some disease where everyone becomes
zombies and only a kiss can save you?
Kiss him. Show interest yourself. Why are you waiting for him to make a move?
He probably dropped his balls when you ﬁrst spoke one phone.
791 Views · View Upvoters

Do girls stare at boys?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes girls do stare at guys. Some do it secretely and some very visible for you to
see. Here's some example of stares...
1. OMG! I FOUND HIM!
She just stares at you. Let's say from further away and she doesn't smile at all. She
just stares....stares.....stares. No smiles, no waving, nothing. You don't know if she
wants to kill you or date you....or both.

2. I AM SO BORED
She's bored so don't think she's staring at you. She's probably wondering who to
text next, what shoes to buy and why is life so boring. Everything is boring to her.
She will tell you she's bored too.

3. DON'T FUCK WITH ME
If you see this stare, do yourself a favour. Avoid eye contact. It just takes a smile
and she will scream at you and say, "You men are all the same. Bastards! All you
care about is sex...sex...sex.." Whatever the reason she's pissed at the
world....avoid eye contact at all costs. RUN...as fast as your legs can carry you.
RUN!!!

4. LEAVE ME ALONE!
Sorry about the blurry image. You will see this stare when you approach her
friends. Hands will be folded. She will stare at you with head slightly tilted down
to look up at you with a frown brows and pupils upwards.

5. DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT
This is the stare of..."I will never be into you in a million years. If you was the last
man on this planet. Date? Relationship? Sex? Don't make me laugh. I am so
BETTER than you. YES! BETTER!"

6. I AM SO INTO YOU. ASK ME OUT!
She's sitting with you, leaning forward and giving you the cute look. This girl is
into you. She laughs at your lame jokes. Head little down and tiled. That gorgeous
smile to melt your steel heart. Ladies. learn from this woman. What the hell you're
waiting for guy? Stop playing safe. Ask her out or I will and then you be crying how
your crush is dating someone else ;)

7. IS HE LOOKING? WILL HE FOLLOW AND TALK TO ME?
The secret stares is the most pathetic stares of them all. She won't look at you
until you look somewhere else and then look back at you. Thinking you can read
her mind and you will notice her vibe. She's into you but she won't show it.

8. CAN YOU HANDLE ME?
She's interested but not sure. She wants you to show her you are fun,
adventureous, diﬀerent and doesn't play safe. Have you got balls? Yes? Then
approach, ﬂirt, have some fun, qualify her, show you got standards. Make her feel
alive and if all goes well....exchange numbers. And when you date her, get ready.
She'll rock your world. I mean look at her face. That look. Those eyes. The raising
of eyebrows and that smile that spells a whole heap of trouble lol.
She knows she's going to rock your world. Oh yeah. She knows.

There we go.
Some stares girls do ;)
47.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should a guy do when his ex-girlfriend is getting married
to some other guy and she is the prettiest girl he ever dated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let her go because...
"....to be a very pretty girl a beauty contest winner looks like an angel a fairy"
"I feel the loss that she will belong to someone else."
This isn't love which you already said so yourself. Leave her alone. She is getting
married to someone and you will hurt yourself and her too.
You feel loss like she's some property. Like you own her or she is someone to be
owned by someone. She's a human being.
You're not in love with her, it's not going to go anywhere with you because you
see her as some product, as beauty, superiﬁcial things and not really for who she
is inside of her.
Someone, something, to own.
If you really loved her or cared, you'd have approached long before she was deep
into this relationship and getting married. You'd not see her as something or
someone to own.

You won't see her as an item, a product or property to belong to anyone. She
belongs to no one. Just because she is getting married does not mean she is a
product or property of the other guy.
She's a human being who is in love with someone and is getting married not to be
owned but to be part of someone's life.
You don't care about her at all.
You only care about her being your Trophy.
Nothing else and nothing more.
Let it go and move on.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Are you limiting yourself by being attracted to only super
attractive people?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let's look at it in a diﬀerent way.
1. Imagine you want a good paying job in a certain industry. You get
rejections. Do you lower your expectations to go for jobs that don't pay
well and jobs you're not into or do you......invest in skills, learn from
marketing and know how to demonstrate attractive qualities companies
look for?
2. Imagine you walk into a gym and you are one skinny bloke. Do you say to
yourself to forget it and walk out or do you learn to eat the right food,
have discipline and get good program to train and look the best you can
be in future?
3. If you was an athelete, and there were better skilled and experienced
athelete....do you say to yourself you'd never be better than them or do
you learn from a coach, train hard and smart, and let these atheletes
become an inspiration to get better at being an athelete?
That's how I see dating. I don't lower my bar. I don't see something isn't easy and
quit, lower my standards.
Standards in what I want. What I am attracted to.
Instead I raised my skills level, gained the experience and go through the pain
instead of letting pain go through me.
So yes. I will lose out in experience, in knowledge, in skill and in not having big
MASSIVE BALLS, which I gained by following exactly what I am saying here.
Most people quit and say they did all they could.
I believe they haven't because saying "all they could" means they have invested in
hiring a dating coach, invested in psychology, marketing skills, social dynamic
skills, conversation skills and years of social skills and experience.
I go down that list with 98% of those who say they just don't get attractive women
or men, and I will cross mostly all on list that they haven't done.
So yes, I will limit myself in many ways.
It's a bad strategy personally for me, in life in general too.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend believes in Christ and I don't. It’s become an
argument between Christianity and atheism, and always ends
unhappily. How could one really believe in God, and that God
created the world in six days, after studying science? What can I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know the solution. You said it yourself. You said it in the ﬁrst line in the
headline of the question and in your details.
"My boyfriend believes in Christ and...I don't."
"Every time we talked about the religion.....it ends up unhappily."
So you know what makes you both unhappy. You know 100#% what you both
need to do. Start with you because you're asking the question here.
Stop doing it. Both of you.
Stop talking about religion!
Religion isn't something to talk about but lived. It's not something to debate on,
talk about and that includes politics.
These two, leave them oﬀ the table.
You want to believe or not believe...live it.
You want to change the world.....just go and do it.
Then keep the mouth shut about it. That is it. You know the answer. He knows the
answer but both of you want to be right!
Do you both want to be right or do you both care about each other and for the
relationship enough to respect each other?
Then stop talking about religion.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think a 20-year-old is honest when he tells a 17-year-old
he can't get into a relationship solely because of the age
diﬀerence?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I get it. You talked to each other, and you had this DEEP conversation. I
mean, so deep you felt there is something there.
You're 17 years old and you want it so bad to be real and like most I know today,
who are even older, in their 40's tell me..
"We talked for hours."
"We talked all day."
"We texted back and forth all night."
"We had so much in common. Such deep connection. There's something there."
"But this is diﬀerent you see."
"She's special because I know her so well."
All of these mean nothing, zip, nadda, zero because it doesn't matter if the 20
year old guy is telling truth or not.

Like how it doesn't matter if for example a woman told me she isn't ready for a
relationship or she has a boyfriend.
Or she is busy right now.
What matters is the...intention.
The intention means not interest and that goes for the 20 year old guy who is
saying no to you because of your age.
His intention says "no. I'm not interested."
He probably was nice about it too instead of saying "no I am not interested."
Forget principles. Forget your logic. Forget what you know. Forget what it might
mean or whether he's telling truth.
You need to only know one thing.
The intention.
The intention is...he's not interested in you in that way.
It doesn't matter why he gave such reasons, whether it is the truth and whatever
you think regarding principles.
It's not going to change a thing.
His intention is clear.
It's a no. That's all you need to move on.
So move on.
639 Views · View Upvoters

Has any couple met on Quora and fallen in love?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Have any romantic relationships started by people meeting each other on
Quora?

Yes. Won't go into anymore details regarding these relationships.
I will say, every place, such as colleges, universites, cafe, supermarket, street,
social media websites like facebook, twitter, instagram, online community
forums and yes, even Quora. It happens.
Many places where people have started romantic relationships.
Connection happens everywhere but it happens due to a reason in which
someone saw a certain value they admire, respect, like or desire in a person.
If you're on Quora, best bet is be a leader in knowledge that you are particular
passionate about.
Use your personality as you do.
Hammer it. Don't write to ﬁt in. Focus on valuable content that enriches people
with your personality as you share your values too.
If you get people interested in you, make sure to screen as many just want
attention, questions answered and best they use Quora system. Don't be their
Therapist as a way to be attractive. You're digging a hole for yourself.
For faster response though...use dating websites to apps like Tinder. That's where
you'll ﬁnd many are looking. It's much faster.

You still need to know how to demonstrate attractive qualities with text and have
high quality photos. You'll need some skills and knowledge on knowing how to
converse in an appealing manner when someone contacts you.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

If you were about to die, would you tell your crush you loved
them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I'd spend my time with family, relatives, nieces, nephews, very close friends
and existing lovers.
You see, my mum died last week. I know what is more important.
Thinking about it, I always had the balls to approach whoever I am attracted to
someone. So it won't be something on my mind anyway. No way I'm going to live
my life with "what if."
I don't believe on crushing on anyone but tell them immediately.
Life is too short to put anyone on a pedestal anyway.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

A guy liked me & I rejected him1 yr ago, now I love him & he
rejected me saying that he want me to be a friend.He texts me
everyday. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Set boundaries immediately.
He has moved on and you need to tell him clearly, that you want diﬀerent than
friend. Make it clear to him that if he just wants friends then that's ﬁne.
Second, you need to behave that you are serious about these boundaries.
Do not respond to all his text.
Behave diﬀerently.
You don't need to even reply immediately, caudse you're busy. He's not priority.
If it weeks, whatever. He's not your boyfriend. He made it clear he just wants to be
friends then ﬁne but he isn't priority and so don't behave like he's one.
Change your behaviour.
Don't send mixed signals that he is a priority. Behave in a manner so he learns the
diﬀerence now between friend and a girlfriend.
You showed vulnerability as he did but he now rejected you, as you did with him
in the beginning. Limit your conversations with him with texting. Approach
other guys and move on.
Let him feel the tension.
Now, if he shows by saying in words he wants you then ok....
Then go full steam ahead, don't wait but for now, let him go. Set boundaries,
focus on living your life and be with someone who wants you, says he wants you
and he says he desires you.
Time is short.

He said he just wants to be friends so take it as that. Treat like a friend but have
boundaries.
Set them and move on fast.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I really love this girl and I want to spend a lot of time with her.
Her schedule is too full for us to hang out. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

John Fidelio. This isn't Twilight Saga. This isn't some music song about love
when it's infatuation, and girls falls for you.
This is real life..
And if you say, "I didn't ask about my feelings," again in comment it be deleted
like I deleted your other comment.
And if you go further, you'll be blocked.
I'm an author here and I don't answer like robot.
You're here to get answers and learn. Your comment contradicts because you
cannot expect say "it's not about my feelings.,"
This is about feelings. Your feelings. Your emotions.
Your emotions dictate your behaviour.
Why do you think you rationalising all this simple move to approach her?
Feelings. FEAR. The fear of rejection.
I'm not here to give some magazine answer and to make you feel good.
You want feel good, go and watch a movie or play with your band. Go and read
some answer to tell you it's all going to be alright.
Truth doesn't make you feel good. It makes you feel shit because you like to read
what YOU WANT to read and hear. People don't look for answers most of time.
They look for what makes them feel good.
I want you to learn or pain will be your teacher. You want to learn the hard way,
be my guest or avoid the mistakes many have gone through.
Here's the ﬁrst mistake..about this girl....

This is INFATUATION...you like many Nice Guys are going to get hurt real bad.
Tone it down with this talk about love.
It's not love talking. It's your dick.
You're head is full of this big picture.
What if this, what if that, and looking what can't happen into the future. You will
even argue this is not infatuation but love.
You DID exactly, what I said you would and that is why I deleted your comment. I
am adult, 35 years experience and what you're saying is not new. Heard that from
so many Nice Guys who get butt hurt because they so into a girl, they don't want
to believe they...got...Oneitis.
Oneitis is what you go. Go and google what Oneitis is.

You got it bad.
We all know this shit mate. Seen it enough times. Learn from people who have
been there.
It's infatuation. Lust.
She knows nothing about you and you don't much about her to call it love. She
hasn't dated you, you haven't become intimate, you're not in a relationship and
you certainly haven't ben sexually intimate with her and overcome challenges as
lovers.
Love needs other person to feel same, and gradual relationship experiences,
sexual intimacy, the lot. She knows sod all about how you feel and she has yet to
say how she feels because she don't know you even exist in that way.
She doesn't know what you feel. You haven't even approached her!
This is not love. This is...a crush. Puppy eyes love.
Nothing more than infatuation. Filling your head with this big idea, the big
picture and falling in love with the idea of her.
The diﬀerence is this...

I bet you're even rationalising how she be moving to diﬀerent colleges and how
you're so afraid that if you are dating it might happen you never see her again.
You're looking way ahead into future.
Making excuses to not take action.
This is Fear..of...Rejection talking.
You fear being vulnerable. Sticking your neck out.
The pain of rejection if it happens. Yeah, we all been there and most of us
overcame it to not listen to our bullshit.
You're too full in your mind in putting her on some pedestal. I mean look at
what you said about her..
1. A+ student.
2. Ballerina.
3. Musician
4. Busy...busy.
You see these are facts, details, ﬁgures, content.
You're mind rationaling your own insecurities. Putting her right up in the sky and
you down eating dirt.
So forget about how busy she is and approach, ﬂirt, make her laugh, be light
hearted, fun and stop playing safe.

Then ask her out and if she says no, no problem.
It's only you who has a problem because you fear rejection. You don't assume
anything, no matter what you know about her.
Just approach, ﬂirt, be fun, ask her out.
Rejection is good.

It is a ﬁlter system to tell you who is into you and who is not, prevention from
wasting your time thinking about someone who won't take time to know you. It's
a ﬁlter system to help you move on faster to someone else.
So do it so you can move on faster or date her if she says yes.
If no, you move on faster to someone else. Don't pine over her. Don't waste
anymore time on her. Move on.
14k Views · View Upvoters

What would you give or pay to spend an evening and night with
a special girl/guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She won't be that special if I paid for her.
She'd be like most things I buy, a product of entertainment if I had to buy for her
time. She won't be special or unique at all.
Special for me is the free will for her to connect with me.
Her undivided attenion by her choice without any payment.
Something the Little Prince learnt on what makes such a relationship special
from a Fox....
Now that's what makes someone special to me.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad to give too much notice when you plan to leave your
job?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying.
"People don't leave companies. They leave weak leaders."
I have a feeling that's exactly what went on and why you wanted to hand in your
notice. Very common in jobs.
You have managers or someone you work with who is a pain in the ass, won't
listen, won't meet, mediate or even meet half way.
Instead, it's bully tactics, unreasonable deadlines or another kind of bullshit.
It shows because when you gave advance notice for them to make you feel guilty
about it. This is another way of seeing the type of company and the leadership the
company has. It is in these times you will see what their character and integrity
level is.
Will they still encourage and support you or stab you in the back.
So you did right to hand your notice in, with as much time as possible and when
you did...you saw again the reason why you are leaving them.
No, you didn't do anything wrong giving even 3 month notice.
You did good and in fact, you did better than the company's own leaders did.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

He didn't text me after our ﬁrst date that went pretty smoothly,
why?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Did you text him after your ﬁrst date or do you think it's some code, where a man
should do it ﬁrst?
Just text him, say thanks for a great night. I loved it (mention something about
him) and let's do it again.
See what happens.
If you already have, and he hasn't replied, then assume it may have gone
smoothly with you but it wasn't exciting, fun, and arousing for him.
Guys these days have options, the ﬁrst date isn't really about talking, meals etc,
but making sure you connect arouse each others emotions, desires, to such a level
the other person so much desires to meet again.
But if all it was was comfort talk, small talk, topics, no ﬂirting, playing safe and
making it smooth, well, smooth is overated.
I rather have kaboom than smooth, fun and exciting than smooth, arousing than
smooth, my heart beating as she bites her lips, strokes my legs, looks into my eyes
and gives me that look that says, "i want you" than...smooth.
So was it kaboom or smooth?
You will know if you text him and you meet him again.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

My friend is scared to go on date with me as she is scared of her
parents. How should I convince her that there is nothing bad in
dating a person?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because you talk about all sorts of topics and for hours, doesn't mean it's
sexual attraction. I get many guys say this but if some guy now appeared, who she
is so into, BELIEVE, she would meet the guy.
She would throw all that to the wind.
How do I know?
It happened to me.
An arab women, parents strict, cultural, traditional, you know...all that
reputation stuﬀ so imporant. All that "what people will think" to "religion" to
"customs."
You invested more than her.
Yes you did. You did the chasing. You put time from your life, phone, talking,
topics, chasing her when she hasn't proved anything to you to say she DESIRES
you more than her fears.
Example of one girl who I met with customs, religion, strict parents, feared to
meet because of her parents. I knew what the resistence is but I focused on
arousing her and she invested more.
She called. She chased and so since she did, I invested too because she showed to
me she will meet me.
That took only a couple of days....10 minute here, some texting here, talk here and
there.... not even that.
One guy she knew, talked for hours on end, about everything for 4 years with her.

Then I met her online.
Two days later, she met me.
The moment we met I embraced her immediately, kissed her, took her hand,
went to some places for walks, then to my place, sexual intimacy, sex, etc....
Then she told me afterwards on how we didn't talk much and yet we met and had
sex. I assured her to be proud of her sexuality and it is this reason of her
conﬁdence, her decisiveness that attracted me to her.
I said if she wasn't like that, I wouldn't be interested in talking anymore on phone
or texting but since she showed interest, willing to meet me half way, took
action....then this allowed me to also be vulnerable too.
That if she wasn't willing to take risks, I would have long gone but due to her
being strong and proud of her sexuality, that magical things happen...faster.
In all your talking, in all your hours of conversations, you didn't focus on
arousing her. You went for content...content...content.
This is from your own words..
We talk daily for at least 2+ hours...We talk on all sorts of topic.."
This is one of those mistakes most guys do. They listen to a woman's words when
her behaviour contradicts...
"I want to meet her badly, somewhat she also wants to meet me."
She doesn't.
Her behaviour does not show this. Her words may say it or her actions in
speaking to you on phone for hours assume it but her actions in doing it, meeting
you says..
"No..no...no...NO!"
Some men will tell you to do the most biggest damn mistake!
"Yes....Talk to her about how her parents are smart, know things, edudcated
so she sees it in a diﬀerent way..to convince her!"
You don't solve this problem with logic.
You don't solve it with MORE content...content..details...facts... ﬁgures.
You don't solve it AT ALL!
You wake up and leave the pack of fools who think talking does anything. It's not
talking, it's not words because when you do that you did a mistake.
You build comfort..
1. She is too comfortable now with you
2. She uses you as emotional support, telling you all she wants
3. She has someone who gives her so much attention from her boring life.
4. You probably give her lots of life experience advise, like you're her
brother or her dad. So she now sees you like some friend or....brother.
Life her dad! She see and feel herself being sexual with you. She just can't
be with you with you because you're too common, too confortable but
most of all..... "what would you think of her?"
5. You acted like some platonic guy, like a friend, like a brother and now
she cannot be this sexual woman. She is now thinking she got a good

thing, someone to talk to for hours on and also...if she met you she feels
up might judge her.
6. You know too much about her for her to ever be a sexual woman. That's
what content...details...hours...and months of talking hinders.
7. She gets your time, your attention, emotional support, hours of your
time for....FREE! Some women if they get the oppportunity will trade
their sexuality for some one they can talk to. You are that guy.
8. She gets to pour her heart out, her frustrations, and frame the role about
you as nothing but some guy to use as a Tampon! When she bleeds with
worry, frustrations, pain, lonliness and desires to talk...talk..then you is
that guy. You are always available, not a challenge and like a girl-friend,
like a brother, like a sister, like a dad.
9. You are not the man who she will risk meeting you. She won't think it is a
risk though if some guy who arouses her. Oh no. She won't even will
desire him and she will ﬁnd a way to meet him. She will HELP him to
make it happen!
Don't listen to what she is saying.
Listen to the action.
Her action is telling you a diﬀerent story. It's not telling you that "she somewhat
wants to meet me too."
It's saying she does not desire you so much to meet you.
It's not attraction. It's comfortable for her. If ever friendzone was real then you
have friendzoned yourself deep into the Antartic.
You are in love with the idea of her.
You gave too much time.
You're not a challenge.
You're always available
You talked about topics rather than igniting her emotions, her desire, her
imagination.
Talk to her parents?
Forget that. Most men are going to tell you to do that because most men still have
no experience in understanding women.
They focus on the conscous mind of women.
The way you do..
"I so badly want to meet her...."
Who the hell said it's about you in the ﬁrst place?
It is ﬁrst about desire on her part. It's ﬁrst about what state of mind do you want
her to be in? How do you get her to this state of mind?
What are the steps do you need to do gradually shift her to this state of mind?
You focused on the Conscious Mind and men here telling you to STILL focus on
this grey area when it has failed you.
Look at where it is...THE SMALL GREY AREA.

Now look at the white space.
This is where arousal happens.
This is where a woman licks her lips because she is getting aroused.
You see why you avoid focusing on what resistence she has and instead ignite her
emotions, ﬁre up her imagination, make her feel the amazing rush throughout
her body as she imagines what it be so like to be with you.
You are capturing her emotions ad leading her imagination to....DESIRE you.
Desire. Pulsating Desire not "somewhat wanting to meet me too."
Desire, "I got to meet you. When can I meet you? Let's meet!"
And for woman to desire a man, he must show he desires her by arousing her, by
avoiding playing safe with his words, by being more exciting and fun, than
talking for hours on end about details, content, topics etc.
That's what seperates him from the millions of men and relatives.
Screw topics.
Man of knowledge in how to arouse a woman's body, emotions, imagination for
her to fantasise what it be like about him to make her bite her lips, her legs quiver
out of excitement at the anticipation of his touch, to meet him....KNOWS....it's
not about topics...contents...details.
For her to long to meet him so much she is saying it on phone and by text.
It's about her emotions and her emotions isn't in the grey area.
It's in that HUGE white space!
Do you see content in there? No.
Do you see topics in there? No.
Do you see 2 hours daily talking? No.
Do you see Time in there? No.
Do you see logic in there to convince her about the parents issue? No.
A man can meet a woman and instantly she will feel she has known him for years.
This isn't about time and content.
This is about desire! Emotions.
You see a language that make a woman AROUSED, excited, wet, her whole mind
and emotions desiring you and...she will ﬁnd a way.
They will meet you somwhere in the city.
They will catch a train to meet you further away.
They will buy a ticket to travel to the ends of the world to meet you.
This is an insult to women......
When man doesn't know about women, about their emotions, about how they
feel, because this is about FEELING not content..topics...content..topics then it's
really an insult thinking logic convinces.
A man who desires a woman must know her and you don't really know her. You
know the content but you don't even know her.
Right now you are not arousing her.

You are instead thinking about..
1. What I want
2. What I want
3. What I want
4. What I want
5. What I want
You so want to meet her badly but what about what she wants?
What about giving her an experience, a sexual experience, making her mind,
body move to be excited, yearning and desiring you?
Forget the meeting.
First her feelings, her desire, arousing her with words.
This is what I mean when I say to men..
"You're not listening! You don't listen only to what you want from the woman. You
don't listen because you are always pushing to meet, when you ask about the dating,
where to go on dating, how to get her to date you then you don't understand. It's
about a woman's feelings for her to ﬁrst...desire....you...AND... if a woman does not
desire you in the beginning, if she doesn't invest then why are you investing so much
on a woman who is not even going to try to overcome her own resistence?"
You are by focusing on the grey area.
And anyone asks how do you do that and thinks I can answer like it has one thing
to do, is someone who likes things to be easy.
It's someone who likes to be given knowledge on a platter, like I bloody just
picked it oﬀ a tree for free, unwilling to work, pay for it, study, learn, be patient to
understand what he needs to know ﬁrst and wants it all now, everything now.
That area took knowledge, studying and practice.
I'm here to say..
Don't try to convince her about her parents and getting her to talk with her
parents. It's not about how educated they are.
It's about making her feel.
It's about her fears too.
Her parents fear on what other people think, will outweigh what their daughter
wants and what their daughter wants by the way....is not as big as her OWN fears
either.
She is not desiring you that much.
You INVESTED far too much on a woman who has yet to desire you in that way.
Believe me, you know a woman when she desires man.
She will say so.
She will yearn to meet the man.
She will plan and ﬁnd a way no matter what.
Evidence in life is plenty of women from every religion, customs, traditions, race,
cultures and countries that went against all to be with a man.
You probably invested a lot of time, many hours, topics after topics.

Learn from your mistake.
This is a woman who will not meet you.
You focused far too much on the wrong things and for sure, you might say like
most do..
"But she's diﬀerent. She's special. She's the one.
That's what I mean about falling in love with then idea...of...her.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

When friendzoned, should I ask the girl to set me up with
someone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is one of the reasons she doesn't feel attracted to you.
Other girls are not pursuing and attracted to you. I'm sure you have made that
obvious already. I won't be surprised you've spent lots of time with her, being
available, making her centre of attention and even told her your life story...sad
stories and she told you hers.
You was always available for her.
Giving her all time she desires.
Talked for hours on phone and on all kinds of topics.
You want to show her you're incompetent with girls too?
Just stop being friends with girls you are attracted to and approach with intent.
Intent means to be direct in your desire to them.
You show your intention clearly because if you don't, you will invest time, eﬀort,
all sorts when the girls probably won't.
Until the girl says yes and invests, meets you, dates you, shows her intention
physically as well.....forget ever giving too much time to girls you are into. Get
your priorities straight.
How many girls on planet?
Millions.
Let her be, her ego already inﬂated with all the attention you gave her and just
approach other girls yourself.
Be a man. Find your balls and approach other girls.
Yes I know, "but she's diﬀerent, she's special, she's unique and.."
I heard it a thousand times from guys who do not want to learn and they get
burnt bad later on to realise what I'm saying far too late.
Don't be like those guys.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if you ask a girl for her number and she says
to wait until after the weekend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me. I don't care what it means to her but what it means to me. NEXT is what it
will mean to me and I won't be asking her again.

I'd move on and already be approaching someone else.
832 Views · View Upvoters

When I am older, will I realize that my parents were right all
along?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son

Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, you will probably realise your parents were right about somethings and
wrong about other things.
But it's not this realization that will hit you hard.
My mum recently died, a few days ago.
You know what hit me the most is this...
"I didn't really know her. Now all makes sense to who she is. I wish I did more. I wish
I called her more. I wish I did more.."
You see my mum had me when she was very young. I think she was like 13, 14
years old. We didn't see eye to eye on many things.

But something I have got to know after her death that hit me hard. I am a man
who is tough as nails. I had to be living in this fucking judgment opinionate world
of ours that likes to tell us who is right, who is right.
A world that loves to tell us how we should live and how to behave. I also came
from hard knocks. Poor country and rough life.
I'm a man high sexual, and in this world there's so much shit around sex, around
sexuality, around so many things you better believe in what you live by or you
will live in fear to always conform for validation and fear.
I realised the following...
She never gave up on me. I learnt she called women I dated, again and
again to ask how I was. She never game up. She never disrespected the
woman I was with.
They were even surprised as they came from a diﬀerent culture and race.
They thought Arabs where his and that, and Muslims were this and that
but...she showed them what mainstream media and even most of my
communities didn't. She showed them we're all one community. She
talked with them with respect even if she had an opinion she didn't hurt
the women I dated.
I dated white women, black women, spanish, italians, frence, blacks, red
heads, blondes, brunettes, tall, short, chubby, slim and some ﬁtness
atheletic women. She made them smile and laugh.
She forgave and saw me as her son, and even if we had argued over and
over again, she kept trying. She never stopped trying.
Her love language is giving. I didn't understand that until it was far too
late. Throughout her life she gave to people. She'd ﬁlled many suit cases,
big ones with stuﬀ, clothes, trainers, shoes and travel to her country and
not only give to close relatives. She gave to neighours.
She heard someone getting married and gave them tghings to hekp make
life easier. She gave to the children in the street. When I needed a new
laptop, she bought one for me, and....this is what I am using right now to

share my answer. She gave, and kept on giving. That was her way. She
gave without judging someone's belief, sexuality, colour and even age.
When she dies, the house was half full of large suit cases with stuﬀ she
was going to send abroad and to people all over the world. We stood there
and stared at them, and wondered how we didn't know this part of her
life. She just never boasted about such things. She just gave and kept on
giving. No wonder many cried all over world for her. They feel something
big is missing now in their life.
When as children we argued with her, she never gave up. No matter
what. She kept the door open, she called, she asked, she wondered where
we were. She kept on trying. Even when some of us hurt her bad with
words.....she kept on trying.
Even before she was dying, like she knew it would happen soon...she
asked if all her sons and daughters know where they all are, and
connected to one another by phone number, facebook etc.
Then she travelled one ﬁnal time before coming back. She went on some
pilgrimage she always wanted to do but never had time or money.
Another thing I missed. She once told me about it and when I got my
citizenship which took me 25 years, I didn't take her there. She even said,
that when I get it done if I like to take her on a short pilgrimage to see a
country she always wanted to go to.
Instead I went to paris to record my album, then some more travelling
and some more. Thinking she always will be there. I even forgot about
what she asked for and she never asked again.
When one of us was ill.... she rushed and travelled. She stopped
everything. Never letting anything in way of her children's health. She
left everything to help her children.
When someone died in family of STRANGERS...and she found out, she
rushed to their home, walked in, cooked, cleaned, helped while most
people sat down, came, eat, said wharever. She was then ﬁrst to arrive
and the last to leave.
Here then is something else....when she died, she left a mansion, tall,
with more rooms, like a high rise ﬂat she paid in a poor country, the
country where we came from. She did that for us. So we have a home to
go back to if something happened. She learnt world can be forgiving and
easily inﬂuenced by mainstream media and people who do things in
names of beliefs.
So she made sure we had a home far away from England. In our country
so if anything happens, we got our own land and home with a business
too.
She let others live there if they lost their home. She rented it out and
money went to poor. She could have used the monthly money these
rooms made to help her life in England but instead it went to the people
who needed help, to the young, old, disabled the government forgotten
about. She kept on giving.
Finally, her dream was to buuld an orphangage. It didn't happen but it
will be realised. All of us, brorthers and sisters will ﬁnd a way to make it
happen. We don't know how but it's going to happen. Her legacy will live
on but nothing we can do can ever amount to the giving she gave us and
the people she impacted through her life.

When she died, she achieved what most couldn't. Bringing all her
daughters and son's together to forgive each other, move on and be there
for one another.
This was my mum. Tough. Strong, and always wanted us to be together. She was
funny too but not with me as much.
I didn't see this side of her but many did.
We learnt of her even more when we decided how to sort things out with bills
debts and other things. We saw more of her life and how she gave even when she
struggled with her life. How she kept everything a ﬂoat, we don't know. She was
one strong woman.
This is a woman with no education, no qualiﬁcation, no degrees, and yet look at
what she has achieved.
7 Children educated to the max.
Most run their own businesses and talented in high level in expertise skills.
Nurtured them, fed them, clothed them and gave more even when they ﬂew.
Keep giving to people she knew and those she didn't.
Gave away all she had to the poor and those who just needed a smile.
Though we didn't understand each other much, she tried to understand me and
all of us but I didn't see it. I only saw it when it was far too late.
So what I am saying to you here is very hard for me to do.
It is like being pulled through a barbwire, with nails. It's this hard for me to write
what I am sharing with you here.
Doing so in her name so she continues to impact many people no matter of age,
colour, culture, belief and race.
She only died a few days ago. I just come back from the funeral. Funeral
happened on Friday.
I am back home at my place, walking in the night, everyone having fun, coming
out of the night club.
It would have been the easiest time for me to take a woman home. I had a woman
smiling, asking questions, and she was very attractive. In fact, stunning but my
mind was thinking about my mum and...
The realisation that dawned on me...
"I should have done more. I wish I did more for her. I can't now. She's gone.
She's actually gone. I wish I did more. I'm so sorry mum. I wish I did more..."
We chase the world.
We chase many things that get us spinning around like dogs chasing their own
tails. We travel far, leave cities, and chase but when time comes, we realise we
should have gave to where we came from...home...our parents, brothers, sisters,
neices and nephews, neihbours and the city, and the country we live in.
And even the world out there.
One woman did just that.
This something my mum will never have to think about because when her mum
was old, she didn't put her in a home.

She looked after her mum, until her mum died at the age of 90.
My mum died aged 67.
We thought she'd live long.
We thought in a way she'd always be there.
You how how you take a lot in life for granted. We thought she'd be there long
enough for us to go back home, be with her and do things.
Well, we were wrong.
I was wrong.
She surpassed me at all levels in many things.
My regret is this..
"I helped everyone. I am a mentor and coach for a lot of people. I changed
lives all over the world but.....I didn't help her enough..."
I helped people realise their dreams, build from ground up but I didn't spend
time knowing hers and help her realise her dreams.
I'm not going to make this mistake twice.
When you learn a lesson, never let it go. This is one of them.
My sisters and brothers,, relatives ﬁrst and world can wait. It doesn't mean I
regret about the lives I've impacted but it does mean I must shift now my
priorities even more.
That is what I will live with for the rest of my life.
But it is her stories, the funny ones that many people tell me that also makes me
feel she didn't die alone. She had many people around her. She lived a great life
even when she had it hard.
The way she even died made you laugh because it even involved the criminal
investors and much more. They said..
"You're mother is one ﬁesty woman."
I will share this story one day but for now...
It makes it easier knowing these stories which I recorded on my phone. Calms me
down a little to see she was happy.
Parents will be wrong at times, and sometimes right.
They are like anyone else, human beings. That's how it is and the realisation that
will appear in your life is..
"I wish I did more for them..."
You might want to read this too...
How do guys move on so fast after a breakup?
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I help my girlfriend become less self-conscious about
her body?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget the words. It's in action..
Show her you DESIRE her in all your actions, consistently.

I found action rather than words just makes her feel her man desires her more
than ever, lusts over her, love her too, and everytime she meets her man, he is all
over her before she ever says such things.
So cut out all this talk where she says something and how you go and tell her she's
beautiful inside and out...WHEN...she tells you about her insecurities. Just listen
and take it as feedback.
Instead, behaviour is more powerful to a woman. These needs to be consistent,
and shows her man desires her.
The small things like..
1. Texting her..."I can't stop thinking of you." And arouse her and tell her
what you're going to do when you see her.
2. I send texts often to lovers I date with hardcore sexualisation to comfort
words about them. I have had many a lovers say, while they were at work,
they got so wet and smiling so big, people asked what the hell where are
they smiling about. When we meet, it is explosive! I mean women I date
would rip the damn clothes oﬀ me, or they'd walk over, embrace me,
smile and kiss me passionately.
Just because your lover isn't with you, doesn't mean you cannot surprise
them with words, some attention that makes their whole body quiver or
put a smile on their face. It means a lot.
Text..
"I was at this shop and it had the same name as you! I had to text you and
tell you, you're always on my mind. Love you!"
"Baby, I don't know if I said this to you, but you just make me feel so alive
and damn good. I keep seeing your face everywhere. You're driving me
crazy just thinking of you."
"You popped into my head again! I wanted to say you got an amazing ass
and those curves, wow. Now stay out of my head, you're driving me
insane."
3. Phone "Hey I was just on my way to get something blah blah and I just
got to tell you, I love you, and you're so damn sexy baby. You turn me on
ever damn time I see you and even when you're not with me. Love your
smile, the way you do this and that to me."
Phone "Hey love, I was just want to say you make me proud. I mean the
way you work so damn hard, and still smiling, what are you? Super
woman? I want what you got. I love you baby. Do you need anything
before I come home?"
Just telling her something about her personality and asking if she needs
something before you come home, makes her feel desired.
4. You see her, immediately embrace her and say she is beautiful, look her
deep in her eyes, smile, stroke her hair, etc etc. Kiss her passationately,
slowly, deep, grind closer to her, take her hands, lift them, run your
ﬁngers down her arms, to her sides, to her waiste, pull her in and bite her
lower lip..GENTLY....move to neck, breathe on it...kiss her kneck,
whisper seductive words in her ears, turn her on, arouse her, tell she is so
damn hot, sexy, gorgeous.

5. When you see her, pin to her wall and go for it. Be a little rough but too
much to hurt her. Show you desire her. Ravish her body. Go down on
her. I mean seriously eat her out, take your time, know every each of her
pussy, make her drip, stroke her thighs, turn her around and keepo doing
it, learn how to do this and make her feel she is the ONLY woman you
desire, and only one on this planet.
You want her screaming for you to pound her but tease her, keep going,
let her whole body dance, tremble, quiver, until she is pleading you to
take her. Know how to make her feel alive with touch, with your hands,
lips, without pentration. Know her body, know every inch, know what
makes her go wild. Take your time. Show you DESIRE her.
6. Be fun, cheeky, sexy in your approach, show you desire her. Flirt with
her, be like a damn animal. Go down on her some more, do the things
before she says anything. Show her you desire her. Show her she's
beautiful by action. I mean, do this every damn day, like she's a godess,
like she's only woman you desire, like you cannot get your hands oﬀ her.
7. Take her out, introduce her to people when you meet them "And this is
Sarah, my girlfriend."
You won't believe how important this is when you say things and not
when there's a problem or when she speaks of her insecurities. It shows
you're proud of being with her, loving her and you want worlkd to know
as you walk she's someone you really into.
These are just some of things but do them before she says about her insecurities.
Do them before she says about her body.
Consistently do them but understand you cannot solve her insecurities. Do them
because you love her anyway.
I don't have this problem and reason being, I show women I am with....I desire
them, consistently. I do not apologise for my sexuality. It's POWER for me. It
works. It turns them on. It brings excitement, love, passionate and it makes
women they are desired by their man.
I do not play safe in these matters.
I've never played safe even in my approach and when I am dating women. I'm a
lover, a sexual man and I want women I date know I desire them.
Most guys get too lazy after they got what they want.
So show it in your expressions when you see her, in your actions in your daily life.
Behaviour. Consistently.
However, note she has low self esteem, that took years to develop, it cannot be
ﬁxed in a day, week etc and she has the same choices most of us have to go and do
something about it herself.
One thing to stop doing is highlighting her ﬁgure every time she talks about her
insecurities. Start behaving you desire her.
That is all you can do and it's up to her to sort out her own insecurities.
Don't try and solve them with talk. You can't. It will get emotionally draining for
you and for her too. It won't change much.
But when you show you desire her with behaviour, just watch what happens next.
You won't believe the change in her.
21.8k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever loved someone so much that you will do
anything for them but you know he will never choose you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I will never do anything for love. I will never let someone disrespect me, use me
like a doormat, abuse me verbally or physically.
I will not..
Take any shit from them
Nor wait around until they love me
I won't hold on until they feel that love
Listen to their crap about other guys
Listen to their problems about other guys, crushes, etc like i'm some
dumping ground
Be their taxi, chauﬀer
Abused physically, mental and emotionally
Add others you like to the list :)
In fact, if I know someone doesn't feel the same way about me, doesn't love me,
that door will be so slam shut and I've moved on.
This ain't Bollywood. This isn't Hollywood.
This isn't romance novels.
This is real life.
They are living their life, so why stop living yours and live for someone, who
doesn't even love you back?
You don't get a replay when your years gone.
You don't get to pause it and rewind. When time is gone, it is gone for good. You
bring those precious moment back.
Also you need to appreciate:
1. When a person talks to other people, on and on about someone they love
and who doesn't love them back...you push people away
2. People who might be looking at you to date you
3. People who might want to love you but can't cause you're so stuck on
someone who don't love you back
4. People who cannot see, who give you more value than other person who
doesn't love you. Who are there for you for a while but ﬁnd you keep
talking about this someone, so they leave as it's toxic for them.
5. So you ruin your life, you stop living for someone who is continuing their
life loving someone else.
You think I'd even waste a minute with a woman who I know doesn't love me and
wait for her?
Hell no.
If I have one hint, just a slight hint, the person doesn't love me, it be bye, bye.
I don't care if she has the cutest gorgeous, has the most amazing ass and the most
amazing curves. In fact, only two days ago I blocked a woman who had all this
and most, and moved on.

I actually blocked 10 women in the last week who do this.
I cannot be bothered with it. It's not attractive. It's a right turn oﬀ. It's scary too
because what if I go into a relationship with one of these women, and something
happens and they can't move on?
That's why I like to attract women who know no one can complete them and no
one can make them whole. Women of maturity. Women who lived and women
who have wisdom.
I have found women aged 20 have maturity than some women who are older and
I have found older women who are far more mature than younger. Everyone is
diﬀerent
I said to these women and her, I'm not like some guys waiting for her. She can do
that to the many chumps but not to me. I'm diﬀeerent Her beauty hasn't some
spell over me. None of that has spell over me. I know what's real.
TIME is real.
Time! No one can give me this back.
No one can rewind and bring all hours, days, weeks, months and years back for
me and you. When it is gone, it is gone.
I got self respect to not waste my time with any woman who I know doesn't love
me. I am talking about dating, sexual attraction, dating relationships.
So if a woman doesn't desire me, awesome.
I am moving on.
Life is short. I will never give my time, wait for, hold on, for a woman who doesn't
feel the same way. Life is not a movie. I cannot rewind it. I cannot watch it again. I
cannot pause and go back to sometime.
My youth is going. My time is ticking.
Why should I spend the gift of life on someone who doesn't love me back? Yes,
this is logic and I know it's about emotions, and all that.
That's what diﬀerentiates me from many men.
I am a MAN who can control his emotions and rationalise, and move on. I know
the reality of life and most who don't are still living in some Disney, Hollywood,
Bollywood trap and cannot rationalise the diﬀerence.
The day they do is the day they wish they never waited for someone who didn't
love them, and who will never choose them.
Planet is ﬁlled with billions of people. Men and women.
You can love again.
Love needs two people to feel for each other, to love one another not one. That's
why love is not enough. That's why this is infatuation not love.
Love ﬁrst is about self love.
It's about not squandering it on someone who doesn't want it.
It's about self respect ﬁrst.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend talks about how hot other guys I know are all the
time and I've told her it hurts but she keeps doing it. Am I

insecure or is she not respecting me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two things could be happening.
1. You're not really saying to her directly that this is hurting you. Sitting
down and explaining calmly but meekly just talking about it while
walking by to get something from kitchen a drink etc. You know how it is.
Hints and suble hints don't do much when it comes to communicating
directly.
2. Or you don't take much action at all which means she knows, she can do
whatever, say whatever and you have her on a pedestal. She knows she
can walk all over you and you will still be with her. She probably tested
your frame way, way back and knew.
I have a feeling it is the second one.
Why?
Because women like any human being believe in action. Words without action
means nothing. Many guys who put women on pedestals do this.
The other days I blocked 5 women and all attractive because they started talking
about crushes and ex, blah blah. I told him already, they kept doing it a second
time and I blocked them.
I mean they were very attractive which tells me, I'm one badass guy. I have grown
a lot. If I was 15 and had no balls, I probably be listening to their crap all day just
to get into their pants.
Now, meh. Pussy is pussy but intellect, maturity, wisdom, personality,
compassion, kindness, valuing someone else's time, diﬀerentiating this guy
between the other guys means a big deal to me.
Then others I said directly I am not interested in discussing about this guy and
any guys they maybe interested.
Their drama stop. They immediately later said..
"Oh I am ﬁne now. I feel better. Thank you anyway."
See what I mean? People will use you for their emotions, like you're a Tampon.
They will then look for some Nice Guy to do that to and probably their be a guy
who will listen for years, thinking he'll get some.
If a woman cannot diﬀerentiate this and cannot behave in such manner, it's ok. I
understand. I do. All that infatuation, emotions, life but I don't have to live with
it. I don't have to take it on board.
They talk about their past relationships and so....I talked directly and calmly, they
kept doing it. They saw me walk away and not come back. Still after, they are
calling wanting me back but not a damn chance. I moved on. I blocked them on
phone and all social media.
Woman and man can't be unique that way.
They become like all the other women now when they do this. Unique. They like
most women who chat about some guy, or problems. Mostly everyone does that
and they don't know you.
They don't ask about you. They don't really care about you. They don't love you.
They have no romantic interest with you.

It doesn't make the person to you unique, as in special from all the rest of the
women, all the millions of people you meet. They like everyone else, not unique
to you, not special to you, not much to you.
Take a look in greater detail what I mean....
Adam Taha's answer to What does The Little Prince learn from the fox?
So my process is this..(calmly)
1. I say directly. I don't warn what will hapen. I say directly.
2. If ignored. I say again.
3. If done again. It's over. Moving on. I don't warn. I don't make a fuss about
it. I just break up, move on. Online I block everywhere. Moving on. I
mean what I say. Action.
And of course, most will call me asshole, jerk, player. It's ok. I don't need their
validation, approval and nor do I give a damn about their beauty. It went ugly
when they started talking like that and behave this way.
So it don't matter to me. I move on.
That's how I show I am serious about my boundaries.
What's your boundaries and do you follow through?
So from very beginning you need to not be needy. You need to have boundaries
and your words cannot be meaningless.
Neediness is when you desire so much for validation, acceptance, approval and
you're so scared you cannot do better. Thinking this is as good as it gets. You
disregard your self respect.
You throw away your standards for some pussy, tits and ass.
Instead of seeing a human being who need to respect you and you can't get
respect if you don't say what it means to the person.
You're insecurities is what let's this happen because if you did say to her directly
without threats, and set boundaries and she still did it....why are you even still
with her?
She knows you got no boundaries.
She knows she can push even further.
She knows you will stay, orbit around her like all the rest of the guys before you.
She is repeating a pattern and there hasn't be a guy yet to say no.
Or there has and he broke up because he has boundaries.
Boundaries are there for a reason and no one believes in your boundaries if you
cannot follow them yourself 100% to the core and show how serious you are. Not
to manipulate and come back but for your self respect and move on to someone
who is mature because she don't sound mature to me at all.
Any woman talking about how hot guys are or crushes to her boyfriend is
immature, inexperienced, has no damn clue about relationships.
Same for a boyfriend if he does the same to his girlfriend.
Yes, guys do this too.
If you don't respect yourself, no one is going to.
People will walk all over you...even the good ones. Human nature and you cannot
control that but you can set boundaries, and choose who to be with. You can

speak directly in a calm manner on what hurts you.
You have a choice.
No one does anything to you in relationships.
You do it to yourself.
If it keeps going, and you said directly and person keep doing it and you don't
have boundaries to follow through....of course they keep doing it.
Have boundaries not just in dating.
In all things in life.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

What would you do if someone loved you with all that they had
but you couldn't care less about them ?.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst is she be a great friend as she cares for you. The second, do not lead her
on and be honest with her that nothing is going to happen between you and her
romantically.
That you don't see her that way and you like to her to be your friend because
(mention the qualities, that it is diﬃcult to meet friends who they can get along
with, and who bring a lot of value, experiences, can see eye to eye, who care, to
their life.."
So be honest with her.
Don't lead her on.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do guys move on so fast after a breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like this..
1. There are guys who show their feelings.
2. There are guys who don't >>>>> this is me.
I'll give you an example.
My mum died yesterday. Everyone is crying. Others don't know what to do. Their
emotions are high.
They are expressing it in front of people.
Me, in other hand feel it all BUT....I don't show it.
The reason isn't that I don't care about my mum. The reason isn't that I don't
have feelings and emotions. The reason isn't because of many regrets inside of
me and wondering lots of things. I do have regrets with my mum. Lots and I wish
I called more and wished things were diﬀerent between us. I could have been
kinder, more compassionate but such is life.
The reason is I just don't show, express these feelings outright for many people to
see this....
Inside, it is like my whole being is being ripped through a barb wire but you ain't
going to know. You're not going to see me going nuts. My brothers won't, my
sisters won't, the many people won't as I attend funeral and see how people are.

They will only see a stone cold face, a smile maybe, an embrace to all of them. but
I will in end, be alone, sitting somewhere later, trying to keep my shit together.
No one will see tears or anything.
No one will see it's killing inside and a choking feeling in my chest that I'm trying
to push down, deep down so it doesn't resurface.
I'm travelling on coach instead of train so I can prepare myself even more. Coach
takes longer and I chose coach for purpose. It gives me time to toughen myself
even further.
Trying to not see memories of her in my mind and stuﬀ I said before she did, and
didn't apologise for. The stuﬀ you read, hear but take for granted to hit you like a
thunderbolt time and time again.
This then is why most guys seem to move on so fast after a break up...
You will only see a guy moving on.
You only see a guy with thick skin.
You only see a guy tough as nails.
You only see a guy strong.
You will only see a guy cut all contact, block and gone.
What you don't see is what's going on inside.
You won't see and hear his pain, like when my mum past I thought as you will too
in such things..
"I wish I did more for her. I could have visitied more. Called me. Told her I loved
her more. Sorted this out and that out so life was easier for her. I wish I did a lot
more."
This is the case in dating relationship too.
You won't feel and hear him says..
"I wish I did more. Maybe I did this, was stronger in that, more loving in this,
more ﬁrm in this and had more balls, things would have been alright. I wish I told
her I love her more, I wish I told that to stay fuck away from her, I wish I took her
more out and not worked all night on extra hours. I wish I told said this, I wish I
didn't let her bet her way on this and stood my ground, or let go of this as it wasn't
really that important. I was I was less jealous, less possessiveness. I wish I was
more protective. I wish...I wish...I wish I did more. said more, held her more,
aroused her more, shared more...I wish I did more...."
So, as for women, dating....a guy either going to show his emotions or he isn't. I
don't show my emotions, I don't call her, text her. It is not out of malice. It is not
out of hate. It's not some game.
It is that I gave all I got and it wasn't enough.
It is that I later probably knew more things could have been done but too late. It is
that I might love her a lot but I just know I cannot do anything now.
So, I'd delete her phone number, block on all social media.
I can move on.
She can too and it be easier for me in time to come as it is easier for me. Instead of
the back and forth. For hope to not be there.
And to just move on as I hate hurting someone even if they hate me. I cannot
standing making one feel a tiny pain from me.

I only look at someone hurting, no matter who they are and I can't help feel it too.
Not as much grieving, dissapppointment as the person but I can feel it and wish I
could do something.
Of course it depends on situation if we broke up amicably, then I might be in
touch but even then, I won't show emotions on how I feel regarding the matter.
Even then, I just don't want to speak to her.
Most of the time, I can't even bother to stay in touch. What's the use. I need to
move on and preventing myself to stay in touch helps me to do that.
So it's either..
1. Guy doesn't show
2. Guy that does
This is the side of me you didn't see on Quora.
I dedicate this to her. Yes that's me when I was born.

Thanks for all the things I never said thank you for and I wish I did more for you. I
really do and only now it has dawned on me on how you are a wonderﬁl woman
who helped thousand of people around world, and I didn't know.
You built your own mansions in other counties from working on little jobs. You
consistently did the small things that created bigger things. You were there for
other people when their mum or dad died. You went in there, while others sat,
you cooked for them, cleaned, helped out, organised.
That's why so many people who I didn't know came, in the hundreds to
thousands, paying their respect to you at the funeral.
It was packed.
We had to have houses later for many to grieve and who miss you. We had to see
many a faces with the ﬁesty and brave stories of how you helped them, and which
helped to ease people's hearts and mine, as we heard the funny stories about you.
Stories I'll write about, publish in your home.
I didn't know you're dream was building an orphanage for people, young and old.
In your name it will happen.
I wish I achieved my dreams sooner so I could have taken care of you. Giving back
for all the years you struggled through life of bringing 7 children and lots of grand
children.
I just didn't know it would take this long and take me far away.
And sorry for being that troublesome son, the dreamer, the one who was diﬀerent
and whose dreams and words won't let him sleep to stir him to forge forward.
And for not willing to conform to the cultural and traditionaal.
It just wasn't for me.
I think you knew I was diﬀerent even when I was just a kid.
So this is to you mum.
18.7k Views · View Upvoters

My ex keeps unblocking me from WhatsApp, then blocking me
again when I don't initiate conversation. Why does he keep
doing this?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why does he keep doing this?
Because you choose to let him do it.
If you blocked him, moved on and forget about telling him who you're going out
with because you want to maybe make him feel something, you'd not have all this
drama. You know that's what rattles him.
So you get drama because you let it happen.
You don't want drama?
Block him on Whatsapp.
Block his number too.
Block all social media he can contact you on.
And then >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> move on.
Or it will keep happening because both of you are doing this push and pull
nonsense. You both got feelings for each other.
But you both know it ain't going to happen.
Until one of you moves on for real.
14.9k Views · View Upvoters

I feel bad, because a popular guy wanted to date me and I am a
nerd and uneducated about the cool stuﬀ, every girl says they
would never? What can I do
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, every girl huh? Every girl said to you they would never. More like, most of
them will be the ﬁrst to stab you behind your back and go for him
Didn't you get the memo?
That girls compete with each other? Dress to compete with each other. What you
think they are doing now?
Doing you a favour?
You're going to see a lot of it when you step into the big wide world. You'll see
most who tell you not go for some guy and hoping you don't.
Jealousy.
And how did they know anyway?
First, this isn't about some popular guy or what all the girls said.
This is about you're own insecurities - neediness.
Neediness is doing things for approval, acceptance, validation from other people.
Neediness is also putting someone on a pedestal and think they are out of your
league.
Think for yourself and never mind the crowd.
Don't put anyone on a pedestal.
Also....

Never tell any girl about a guy who likes you. First get the guy. Or you'll ﬁnd
someone you told will be way ahead of you.
Happens a lot to girls who look for status and approval, rather than just going for
what they want quietly.
299 Views · View Upvoters

Why are we afraid to act?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

People do things for two reasons.
1. To avoid pain.
2. To gain pleasure.
So even if one desires in pursuing what they desire.....their own fears, added with
their habits, comfort zone will prevent them. Most people will self sabotage their
own success due way one things, their insecurities and the avoidance of
discomfort.
The fear the unknown what impacts a lot of people too.
It took a lot for me to be disciplines and much of it was about knowing myself, the
thought process, looking deep into my fears, one by one and kmowing how to reprogram myself.
Just speaking up, showing my face and writing without the need for acceptance,
validation takes a lot of strength from the inside.
Read my answers. It takes a lot to write these because you attract ever fucker who
wants to take you down. Men and women.
So when you put yourself out there...you better know who you are and you
better have the balls, backbone to stand up to what you say. You need to
detach from what most so hungry for.
You cannot aﬀord to seek validation, acceptance, approval if you have an opinion.
You have an opinion then you will get shit coming at you and you need to be able
to be ready for it.
World ain't as romantic as Disney shows.
It can be a brute.
You will need to make tough decisions.
So much so I even stopped associating with certain people due to their
negativity. We protect our homes, cars, laptops, but we don't see the most
amazing gift which is our minds.
In seeing where I am today, looking at what it took, I have to say, many will not
succeed in pursuing what they desire, speaking up and even dating.
So many over think and much of it is rationalising their own fears. Wanting to
know everything now before they get started. They need every question answered
before they start.
Hell, I even met women who self sabotage themselves and weeks later want to
date after they said no but too late. I've moved on. The friction in people is so
strong that their own emotions get in the way of what they want.
A woman will so like to date you but she will bullshit herself and then later
on....want to say yes. It happens a lot.

Just look on Quora.
Same with guys. Woman shows interest and he says no. Week later he now wants
to get back and date her.
Then we have the following:
The need for validation
Approval from others
Seeking Acceptance
To ﬁt in
When you have a gut feeling but don't forge forward, then it is your mind that is
narrating assumptions, fears and insecurities.
The twist is.....if you don't take action the unconscious will not assist you because
you didn't give it the information you need.
You do so by eﬀort and energy.
So consistent work on that what you fear the most and you keep doing so, until
your mind believes this is a need for your survival.
That's when the next step coming in - Engagement.
Eﬀort + Energy = Unconscious Engages
It now understands you are serious and the collective eﬀort and energy creates
the pattern which now gives you social instinct.
But most give up too soon.
They get rejected a few times and start doubting themselves.
Emotions are very powerful. They can be painful and it all starts with thought.
Work needs to be done where most don't do.
They don't because it's not easy to do. Habits are tenancious. The moment the
pattern is formed....is it hard to get out.
It is always a battle of the self.
I have my own battles I ﬁght everyday. That's what excites me. To get stronger,
better, faster and win against no one but...myself.
It's battle between me and me.
Not anyone else out there. The ﬁght in me makes competition and all that look
like wussies. It's a big ﬁght we all have inside. Better focus in ﬁrst winning the
ﬁght no one sees inside you.
No one is going to do it for anyone but themselves.
Again....
People do things for two reasons.
1. To avoid pain.
2. To gain pleasure.
If pain is greater than what you desire, nothing is going to help you. So ﬁgure out
what these insecurities are ﬁrst and deal with them head on.
Do the ground work. The foundation most don't do because it is your mind is the
universe.

People far too busy looking out there for answers and looking up at the stars to
not see the answer has always been in front of the face.....every morning they
wake up and before they sleep.
922 Views · View Upvoters

I can't understand if my crush likes me back. She shows some
signs of liking me somehow but I really want it to be clear
already. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is not the her. It's you.
You see, with girls you don't invest until you know for sure where she stands. You
don't keep ﬂirting, back and forth. You get an answer.
How?
Being vulnerable. Ask her out.
You're behaviour is of a guy fearing rejection.
You're unwilling to stick your neck out and show vulnerability. When you don't
take charge you will get messed around. Take charge, stick your neck out because
that ﬁlters out girls who do things for nothing more but attention, validation and
waste your time.
You fear rejection and so you want everything to be 100% clear. You're waiting for
her to step up. You're going to learn as you get to real world most women do not
step up when it comes to dating.
You got to lead fast, so you get a yes and if no, you can move on fast and not
invesr in any who don't invest with you.
She isn't going to step up and lead. You need to do it.
She and like many girls, women won't come up to you and say, "hey I want to date
you." So stop waiting around for her to be clear.
And stop investing too much when you don't know where you stand. Approach
her, converse, ask her out. If it's a no, or I don't know, or I got a boyfriend, or I'm
not ready blah blah...take it as a no.
It doesn't matter what she says when she says these.
So don't start racking your head what she means and if she means it. She showed
her intention by not saying clear YES.
If it is a yes, there we go, then she needs to invest and by that..
1. You both exchange numbers
2. You both text and arrange to meet up.
If she doesn't, she is not receptive and playing around. If she ﬂakes, move on.
Don't invest if a girl unwilling to show to say clear yes and meet up.
You do that by your behaviour. Action not reading signals.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when your boyfriend of two years says he
sometimes questions his relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sit down with him and communicate and ﬁnd out. You're in a relationship. That's
your cue to walk up to him, stroke him and ,say, let's talk.'
That's what's needed in a relationship.
Something most don't do.
We cannot know what he feels or what's in his head. No matter how many
collective experiences are on Quora.
The best is talk to him, sit down, communicate and together ﬁgure it out. That's
how you know what he means.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell my girlfriend that I don't like her perfume without
hurting her feelings?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You do the following. Walk about the city. Point to a store. You're going to check
some aftershave and....
1. Go to perfume part with her.
2. Get her to check some out like it's casual
3. Then go "Oh wow! This one smells amazing on you. wow."
4. Let her smile and try others, "but this...it is so you" because and do not
say it reminds you of some girl. Talk about her personality, tell a story
about her, make her feel alive.
5. Then buy it.
She be wearing it everytime you meet and the memory of both of you going to get
it, will even make it feel good to her.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get into backpacking (hiking) if I've never gone
before?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. You ﬁnd out where events and hiking are. Google.
2. You look for local ones near your area or city.
3. You contact when they do it
4. You go, socialise, mingle, learn
5. Then you sign up for activities they do.
You go where they do it and learn from those who do it.
499 Views · View Upvoters

Do you get attracted to a particular trait of people and only date
people of those kind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I like cute, adventureous, open minded, highly sexual even if they
inexperienced. They are also fun and great communicators.
They don't talk about negative things about their life and you feel inspired when
dating them. Energetic and upbeat.

They are decisive and not up and down.
Every woman I have dated were like that, conﬁdent not arrogant. Loving,
compassionate, sensual, feminine and high sexual. None apologetic about
sexually driven and when we meet.....we click.
It's like "I thought I was the only one like this. Oh wow. We found each other!"
It's raw, fast and we know what to do next. It's like we just know and there is no
awkwardiness about it either. Sometimes we feel we're aliens on a planet where
most people just make such things far too serious.
It's an amazing chemistry and all span years when dating. Puts middle ﬁnger to
all that "ooh if sex happens on ﬁrst date, kiss blah blah, it won't last."
Nonsense. It depends on the people themselves.
So yes, I like conﬁdent, cute, high sexual, adventureous and fun women.
I stay away from shy as far as possible. Done it before and won't date shy again.
It's ok for other guys but not for me, not interested.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

I recently found that my girlfriend has some missing teeth.
How should I react?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Teeth can be ﬁxed. Yes, takes some money. Character is a diﬀerent thing
altogether and can take years.
And people only change when ready.
It shouldn't matter if you're into her.
So ignore her teeth, what's important is what you like about her i.e. as a whole
person not her teeth. See her for who she is, and talk to her.
No need to react but rather behave the same.
For all you know, she's already thinking about ﬁxing her teeth but it takes time.
It's not cheap especially if it's teeth transplant.
Just behave same as you usually did. If you want to ask her then do so but listen,
comfort her, reassure her and don't give her solution. Just be there for her.
There's more to her than teeth.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I keep seeing this guys name everywhere?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Conﬁrmation Bias.
I have already written a detailed answer here:
Why do I keep seeing a guy I like name everywhere?
This quote gives a good idea what is happening..
“The human understanding when it has once adopted an opinion (either as being
the received opinion or as being agreeable to itself)......draws all things else to
support and agree with it." – Francis Bacon

In other words, you want it to happen so bad, that everything else is ﬁltered out,
and what you see is what you want to see. It already existed but you didn't see
that name here and there because it wasn't important to you in past.
Now it is, so now you see what is already there.
For more detailed answer, read..
Why do I keep seeing a guy I like name everywhere?
205 Views

My best friend wants to start a romantic relationship with me,
but she asked me if I'm a Christian and I'm not. What do I say
without oﬀending her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has nothing to do with her. Don't start talking about how she's going to be
oﬀended to shift it. This is about you.
This is neediness.
Neediness is when you seek approval, validation, acceptance from other people.
You are not self assured about who you are, and putting someone else on a
pedestal to be accepted. You don't trust yourself and own worth.
You're not being honest.
A man who is not willing to be vulnerable in saying who he is and stick his neck
out is sending message that he's a man not to be trusted.
Your subcommunication, your body and how you said it showed to her you're not
telling the truth. You're lying. "Sort of" is lying.
Trust, honesty in a relationship is important and here came an opportunity and
you was um, and arrgjing and "sort of."
What kind of answer is that?
Someone who is fear of lossing ass. That's what. I'm saying it as it is. Be a man.
When a woman or anyone asks your belief, say it 100% with conﬁdence.
This is your best friend and you couldn't even be honest?
You're not like telling her she's wrong or shouting at her.
You're saying who you are.
You're sharing your values.
The other person needs to know so they have proper information to decide. It's
dishonest when you hide, when you don't tell a person the full story on what you
believe.
So be honest about what you believe and also what you want in a relationship
with women. She gave you trust in sharing what she believes and you didn't. She
has courage to say what she believes and what she wants and you didn't when the
opportunity arised.
You got a belief, right?
Ok. What does your faith say about that?
Shouldn't what you believe, your values guide you?
Or is it just words?

Because that's your behaviour shows.
That you maybe don't believe so much, have so much belief in what you say you
believe and it's just words.
721 Views · View Upvoters

Should you hug a guy that you're meeting for the ﬁrst time?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. Let's turn it around. If it was a woman and a guy hugged a woman who he
thought was cute, world will up in arms.
If you don't believe me take a look here..
Is there a way I can get my girlfriend to let loose and stop being uptight?
You get people here on this question saying go for it and yet in the other question,
when IT'S A GUY with a girl who doesn't want t be touched, kissed, sod all, and
she thinks she's his girlfriend....people get up in arms when I say to him why the
hell he's even with her in the ﬁrst place..
"Oh No, don't touch her, Noo! You have no right too."
Same here. Don't go oﬀ hugging a guy because you know him and he's cute.
If you like a guy then after meeting...shake his hand, keep the hand hold on his
gently.
Ask him with a smile, eye contact...
" I was wondering if you like to go out for a drink with me, maybe this week, in
evening."
Now let go of his hand, slowly, keep smiling, eye contact, brush your hair behind
your ears etc.
Then listen and if all well, get his number and take this intimacy away from
meetings, jobs etc. That way you showed your intent you're into him and you
found out if he likes to get to know you.
Instead of the subtle and hint stuﬀ women do.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a way I can get my girlfriend to let loose and stop being
uptight?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're both not compatible. I'm high sexual, so never would I date a woman who
isn't either. You in the other hands went and dated a girl who by the way doesn't
want intimacy, but rather you went and dated a girl who just want company,
probably doesn't want any intimacy for all you know.
See the other side of the spectrum from girls...
I am in my birthday suit laying next to my boyfriend and he won't even touch me.
He is going to sleep. Is a low sex drive in a man common?
How can I hint my boyfriend I want him to touch me in places?
How do I let my boyfriend know that it is okay to hug me, kiss me, and hold hands
with me?
That's what happens when two people are not honest with each other, give hints,
cannot talk about sexual boundaries, sexual intimacy and just dance on eggshells

about it.
There are diﬀerent types of relationships and you needed to ﬁrst understand
what you want ﬁrst and the ﬁnd out what she wants. That's where the ﬁrst step of
dating is for. If you are both are not compatible, like she wants slow steady,
relationship and you want something else, then you get to know early on.
Nothing wrong with knowing what you want.
Don't fall trap with society guilty tripping you with labels. It's your life and it's
you will be in the relationships you get involved in.
But if you're dishonest, if you don't say what you want from day one due to fear of
being approved, accepted, liked and fear of loss...then you be in a relationship
where you try to manipulate to get what you want.
This is now where you are and why you are in this position.
There's nothing wrong with being sexual but there is, if you're with someone who
doesn't want to and you try to manipulate her, making her feel guilty to touch
and even have sex.
It's best to be with someone who is compatible with you and that takes honesty
from day one. That takes you to not be afraid what girls or women, or guys think
of you. Most of whom are fearful of speaking about their sexuality.
That means you needed to be honest in your behaviour from day one and most
guys are not, because like the comment I deleted below. People who think they
are right and not realise we are all diﬀerent, with diﬀerent desires, needs and
suddenly they act like they know you.
If you want sexual intimacy, don't date girls who are sexually unavailable. Be
honest. upfront on what you want instead of trying to manipulate a girl to
"loosen" because there is no such thing.
There are girls who do want intimacy and face same problem now as you. You've
seen the links I've placed above.
You have a choice, talk to her, see what she says or move on.
I personally won't date any woman who doesn't want intimacy with touch and
sexual because that's my values. I say that from the beginning. I can get sitting
down with someone, talk for hours with a friend.
In dating I don't look for a friend but much more. I want sexual intimacy as well
which you don't get from being with a friend.
So while she has the right to say no, you have the right to say, "ok, you know what.
This isn't for me. I'm moving on."
Nothing wrong with that.
Then date a girl who is compatible with you.
You have a choice to0.... as she has.
Always be honest what you want in your behaviour from day one and you attract
who you want. Like attract like but if you hide who you are, if you hide your
intentions, it's not honest.
Figure out what you want in relationships and look for that instead of trying to
change someone and manipulate.
She doesn't want sexual intimacy or intimacy - and - you want sexual intimacy
and intimacy. Therefore, you're not compatible.

That's why being honest from day one when approaching is important. That's
how you know someone. When you date, that's how you know if someone is
compatible to you. If they weren't touching, in beginning stages of dating, they
shown this, then you can decide early one.
Saves me a lot of time. I have been with relationship for 16 years and it's been
awesome with each woman because of honesty, being up front from day one and
no need to manipulate or change anyone.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I prove a guy that I am better than him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you try to prove to some guy you're better than him, then you are doing the
opposite. Why?
1. You are saying he is a worthy opponent for starters
2. You are seeking a response from him
3. You are seeking validation from him
4. You are seeking acceptance from him that you're better than him
5. That his acceptance of you being a victor is so important to you.
In other words, proving to someone means...they're opinion are so important to
you to do all that work, all that focus, all that to impress him.
You have lost already.
You win in life by not giving a fuck.
You do that by walking away like you don't give a shit.
Not so easy to do for insecure people who work so hard proving to someone about
something.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do you date a girl who's a higher social class than you?
How to avoid the inferiority feeling before trying to contact
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I knew this girl, came from a wealthy family. They had the mansions, the cars, hot
clothes, the works. She even dressed real good.
But you see I knew something most guys at college didn't.
1. Take away everyting she got, except her body and she's got feelings.
2. Take away the social class and she got insecurities like anyone else.
So do yourself favour.
Stop putting her on a pedestal and a pedestal she didn't earn squat to be on.
The inferiority then is not her but you're own insecurities attaching value to
things, objects, labels and all the stuﬀ we are being bombarded with.
So what status is more powerful than all these for a woman?
Behaviour.
Real status is behaviour.

What you are pointing out isn't really about her. It's your own neediness which
leads us to the subject of putting girls on a Pedestal.
The behaviour a person projects is as follows:
1. Neediness is where you are seeking approval.
Instead of approaching with the mindset that you will ﬁrst ﬁnd out if she
is going to invest you try to impress her to win her over. Working hard for
acceptance and validation from her and other people.
2. Becoming Desperate
You become obessessive about her and who you are fades in comparison
to her. You fall in love with the idea of her instead of who she is as a
person.
3. You Hide Who You Are
You're not honest and you don't show you got an opinion. You don't
approach immediately but hide you're intentions. Probably like the Nice
Guys, blaming it on the Jerks, Assholes, Players and even the girls
themselves when they get rejected by some girl.
They don't realise the diﬀerent between a Jerk and a Nice Guy isn't
conﬁdence. Everyone says this and make mistake in understanding
what's going on.
The Jerk tells it as it is. He sexualises from day one! He says, he behaves,
his intent is so clear and blatant in what he wears, how he talks, what he
says and how he behaves. If the girls don't like it, he doesn't care. He tells
it as it is. He's TRUTHFUL.
You got to give it for those who shout at how they players, assholes, jerks,
just want sex. Yes, they do and they are not apologetic about it. They tell
it as it is.
But a Nice guy, he is disgusting really. He is worse than them. He
pretends. He lies. He's not honest. You don't know who he is. You don't
know his agenda and it's scary because a girl is sitting with a guy who
says he's a friend but pltotting how to get into her pants.
He thinks his agenda of attractive is being polite, considerate, got a job
and even has the audaucity, no shame to even say why he cannot get
girls because he has these.
He thinks he's entitled to date a girl because he's polite, considerate and
how he gave so much time to her.
You can be nice, polite but just don't be a push over. Be honest. Show
intent. Show you desire her but don't invest much as she won't. Don't
invest until she shows she will.
The Implications...
Lack Of Showing Vulnerability.
Instead of being honest, showing true intrent and approach
immediately, he hesitates. Some guys rationalise to do the pathetic
disgusting move by being her friend ﬁrst to get into her pants. Better to
approach now, ﬁnd out and if no, move on. This helps you to get to the
girl who will say YES much faster than you can imagine.
No Standards
Instead of qualifying the girl by approaching to ﬁrst if she's more than

good looks and status...the guy has already decided she's the one. He is
blind of the red ﬂags that may appear. He has no standards and worries
that if he does, he will lose her.
No boundaries.
He becomes a doormat. She can treat him like shit and he will still stay.
She can cheat with his best mate and he'll come on here asking what he
should do instead of breaking up with her immediately. This is for girls
and guys. Both do this.
I even read on here of a girl who told a story of how a guy treated her like
shit. I mean told her she was nothing, she was just a sex toy and nothing
else AND THEN...she adds....
"Oh but I miss him. I love him. I.." Jeeesh.
Same for guys.
They get cheated on, walked all over, ﬂaked 10 times, lied to and she
probably gave their friend a blow job and STILL crying..
"Oh I am so alone without her. I need her. Want her. Love her. How can I
get my ex-girlfriend back."
He will be her Tampon, when she got some worries, problems about
some guy and he will sit thetre listening. Pretending to be a friend when
really his dick is so hard and he wants her bad.
He will be texting back and forth for weeks and months, on the phone.
He will always be available and she will take....take...and take. Of course,
it's human nature. If you have no self respect then people will take, no
matter how good they are. People can be selﬁsh and use you if you let
them.
She can say whatever she wants and even when she hurts him he doesn't
say a damn thing.
All because of...sex.
You check out her personality, see if she's not someone who is up her ass
with drama and demands. You can converse and see if you're both
compatible. You can see if she will invest as well and if not, NEXT!
Passive-Aggressive
She only gives him time when he begs for it. When she does the silent
treatment he chases. He supplicates, begs and bargains his time with his
friends, time from his social life, time from his passion to please her.
In fact, if she tells him.....
"Don't hang out with so so, don't see your friends, and don't talk to her," he
probably kiss her ass and be a good little boy, and do so.
He doesn't prioritize his time and surrounds everything around her
because if he doesn't, "But...but...I might upset her."
Let her get upset.
At least she shown some feelings. Let her get mad. Let her go and ﬁnd

someone else who will be her lap dog.
It's like he quits EVERYTHING for her and makes her the centre of his
life. Then bitches and cries why he has no friends and how he left
everything for her.
No he did that for pussy, sex, ass and lost his self respect.
Now you got somethings on what not to do, the thinking not to do and to realise,
she's just a human being like you.
Just approach and don't put her on a pedestal.
Be fun, light hearted, ﬂirt, be conﬁdent but don't ﬂirt too much. Lead it to asking
her out. Let her know it aint about the looks or status..
"You know, beauty is so common these days. So I was wondering, what are the 3
things about you that will get someone interested in you, apart from your looks,
money, wealth, status?"
Now if she doesn't answer....walk away, like...
"I don't have anything really."
"Ok. Thanks. I thought you were unique and diﬀerent to girls here but never
mind. Ok bye."
Show you got standards. Walk away.
Girls don't comply because they are not receptive to you. They know what you're
asking and why. If she doesn't answer, no need to ask her out.
Those who do, you take it further and ask them out.
Related...
Relationships: How to get a girlfriend if you're ugly?
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

Relationships: How to get a girlfriend if you're ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're asking the wrong question.
It's not how to get a girlfriend if you're ugly, or short, or tall, or whatever.
It's how do I make her....FEEL.
That question is about your own insecurities.
You're missing the point.,
What have you done before you asked this question?
Did you approach 100 girls and more?
What did you learn to make your approaches more eﬀective?
Did you go through 500 rejections before asking this question?
Did you sort out your grooming out, hit the gym
Did you invest and honed in your social skills?
Did you learn conversational skills and....
Socialised and built meaningful relationships?

Thing with most guys is they're always hooked up on their looks and don't get it.
They make looks as an excuse to not do the hard work necessary.
They haven't even done enough to ask such questions.
Imagine for a moment, everyone in west with looks, cars, look cool dressed.
Imagine they got money too.
That is all ok in poor world.
You'll get noticed for sure.
You walk around with awesome clothes, like suit, or trendy gear, trainers, watch
then you'll get noticed.
This symbolises status, wealth and power.
But in modern world, it's diﬀerent.
In modern world it's medicore.
In the modern world you ﬂaunt such things to women and they'll be
uncomfortable, frownd and you may attract women who desre you for nothing
but these things.
In modern world.....you can turn your head and you'll see good looking people
with great clothes, cars and busy texting on their mobile phones. You'll see
people wearing brand clothes too.
You'll see people look good due to hitting the gym as well.
Of course, appearances do matter but not in the way so many guys understand.
Men see a woman's curves, attractiveness and they get an erection.
They start fantasising what can happen.
Women are diﬀerent.
Sure, some go for the look.
Some go for money.
But there are millions of women who see ONE thing that diﬀerentiates from all
the other guys. It can be unconscious or at a conscious level. I prefer to see this as
something unconscious that makes that person stand out.
This one thing is the....status. Real status.
It is behaviour.
You can fake it a little but the moment the woman knows you, you will lose her.
She will have ﬁgured you out because you have beeen tested and you'll fail. You
can't keep up what is fake for too long.
She will see you haven't the balls after all.
It will also impact your life.
In the beginning status is shown by behaviour.
A behaviour so many guys fail to do.
You look on Quora right now and jeesh, the amount of guys asking what does this
mean, she looked at me and what does it mean, should I ask or not. They all ask
these questions because they are unwilling to be vulnerable.
These guys just lost the damn plot altogether.

While so many guys hooked up on their looks, hesitating, looking for signals,
waiting for the right time which never happens....fearful of rejections and
unwilling to show vulnerability...you in the other hand....stick your neck out.
You show vulnerability.
Vulnerability shows status.
You see a job you go for it.
You see an opportunity you go for it.
You see a challenge, you go for it.
You know you might not get the job, the opportunity but you know there are
other jobs and other opportunities.
Yes you get dissappointed but you learn much more. You learn to move forward
in your life. It gives you the conﬁdence you are doing something towards your
future and it will happen soon enough.
You know that if they cannot see you for what you are and the value you got to
oﬀer..THEIR LOSS! You will keep going until it happens.
You move on faster than most until you get the job.
But if you hesitate, you are no diﬀerent to many who live in fear, over think and
planning...plannning....but do nothing.
You are diﬀerent. You stick your neck out.
You show vulnerability and this is very attractive to many women.
If a man cannot show vulnerability then he is sending a subcommunication
message that if he cannot overcome a challenge like approaching women then
what else is going to stop him when they both face challenges?
If he is so worried about what others think then he's not going to be strong
enough when his friends give their opinions about her.
Behaviour tells a lot about who the man is.
It is your sexual appeal. It is your cutting edge.
Yes, rejection will be painful because we are conditioned to do things to get a
response. Hungry for acceptance, validation and approval from other people.
These are not the status I am talking about.
These can easily be lost because it is dependant out what others think of you. It is
attaching to external objects not inner growth.
That's neediness.
However, when a man isn't needy, he won't invest in a woman by staring at her,
wondering about her, and investing in how his looks might not do this and that.
The less he invest in women until they show interest.... the faster he can move to
other women who desire him.
He knows how to make her....feel.
In romance novels, in all their bullshit, they do show one thing right.
The Masculine man, does not show emotions in beginning, pining over a woman,
falling in love with her and fearful of taking action.
Instead he immediately takes action and shows he's vulnerable by his behaviour.
He approached immediately while other men stare.

Later, he gradually shows other side of himself while other men confess their love
immediately, with ﬂowers, rings, money, cars.
Flashing these stuﬀ around.
Not this guy.
This guy justy got his trousers and shirt on and walks in like he owns the world.
He sees a woman and walks right up to her.
He doesn'tr fear if she gets oﬀended if he ﬂirts with her.
He doesn't ask "what does it mean if she says this."
He shows vulnerability. He approaches and ﬂirts, be fun with her, converses and
sees her as his equal. He isn't intimidated by her and only a fool will see his look
as some equator of qualifying.
He makes sure she knows that too!
He's not afraid to say so.
And if she acts all up her ass, he will laugh and walks away to talk to someone
else, while some guys will stay to convince her.
He takes the attention away from her. He sees another woman in the crowd. She
is curious about this brave soul. He's diﬀerent to most men who orbit around her
and afraid to be honest.
Again he shows his vulnerability to this woman.
Vulnerability isn't weakness.
It is status and one must know how to project in a way that it arouses and creates
desire in women.
When approaches he does so without neediness. He is fun, light hearted, doesn't
take it seriously like most does.
He shows vulnerablity and in doing so he is saying..
"This is who I am. This is me. I don't care if someone doesn't like what they
see. I know who I am. So decide. Yes or no. Make sure it's a clear answer
because I won't be dancing around words like...I don't know, I'm busy, blah
blah. Yes or no."
If all you have going for is your good looks, then you're no diﬀerent to the 100
men who come to me, and who have good looks and they still cannot get a date.
They are self absorbs.
They lack courage.
They don't know how to show honest vulnerability.
They fear rejection.
They have been spoilt and now in the big world, their looks are common. Good
looking guys are seen easily as players.
The good looking guys are like pretty girls in schools, college and universites.
They are spoilt girls who had guys approaching them for their looks. They have
had guys in school and college approach them. They got egos as big as mount
everest. But they are also insecure.
Now they are in the big world and complainng why guys don't approach them
because now this is the ocean. They thought by sitting pretty, ﬂashing their eyes,

ﬂicking their hair, sending subtle messages will do it.
They just realised they are competing with millions of other young girls and
women. They are not that one girl who looks hot in school or college.
She is now in the big wide world and she is now common.
That's why I say to women when I approach..
"Beauty is so common these days and for a woman who wants a man to see her not
her looks, he needs to know her. So what 3 things can you tell me that will interest
anyone to WANT to get to know you?"
Imagine you stick your neck out every day, again and again and again. Imagine
how millions of men don't and just stare.
Moment a woman looks their heads down or they look the other way.
Now imagine you....
Imagine how you're life will change for the better not just with women but with
education, jobs, career and profession.
All because you show vulnerability.
Good looks?
There are plenty of friends I know who haven't got the looks but they are dating
very attractive women. No, they don't have a lot of money either.
They know how to.....make...a woman..FEEL.
How do you think a woman feels when a man approaches her, detached from
wanting approval, stares into her eyes, smiles, and introduces himself.
Now how does she feel when a man just stares and hesistent. Takes too long to
approach. Even a minute of hesitation and it is over.
How will she feel when a man is intimidated by a woman?
How will she feel when sees a man who cannot even control his emotions,
conquer his fears and so worried about what others thinks of him?
You think a woman will trust such a man?
Open up to such a man?
One woman night not even give a damn.
But....keep going and you will ﬁnd a woman who is ready, wanting a man like you.
Someone who shows vulnerability, made her feel alive, who noticed her and who
didn't let the world or his imperfections stop him.
Ask the right questions.
How do I make her feel:
Aroused
Excited
Desired
Any other questions are nothing but questions regarding his own insecurities.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Everyone around me is blase and they don't strive for learning.
They aﬀect me, how can I escape from this?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"I share my all information with my friends"
How about you don't and stop trying to change them. Focus on yourself because
the only time a person gets frustrated like this is someone wanting to change
others for some reason like validation.
You're the only one treating yourself like a victim.
Escape? There isn't a cage anywhere. No one is stopping you to walk away. No one
pushing or forcing you into anything.
You have legs don't you?
You don't like the discussion then get oﬀ your ass and stop fearing what others
say because you want to maybe to ﬁt in and walk.
Go and do something you're into.
Find new friends who are into what you're into. Or just go and study and be done
with. People are not going to change for you.
You have a choice like everyone else.
Stay and act like a victim or get oﬀ your ass and walk somewhere, go to library,
study, whatever. You have a choice like everyone else.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a girl on a date without asking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The type of woman I don't trust is one who doesn't show vulnerability. You in
other hand is doing same. Unwilling to show vulnerability when asking girls on
dates which sends a red ﬂag to her unconscious mind.
It's not what you say that really matters but how you behave when you say it. How
you behave is something most don't get.
Every guy can show he has a job, nice clothes, walk like he's a cool dude, hang
around lots of people. Show oﬀ with money and car.
That may work in poor countries but in west, well, it's not impressive. Even celebs
are not that impressive because it's seen everyday on TV.
So what can any man, even if he's not that attractive can do to stand out even
more than most guys?
He can demonstrate status. Real status.
How? In his behaviour.
You don't need car, money and anything else for that. I dated a woman, a lawyer
and I was broke years ago. That's because of real status.
Behaviour.
To approach women even if you feel the fear, calmly, with knowledege in his
mind that no woman is out of his league.
However when you don't approach... hide, afraid, fear to go for what you want
then it sends the following message...
1. He cannot even overcome his own fears
2. So how can he even stay with me if we face challenges

3. That means whenever it gets tough, he will give excuses to
dissappear.
4. He worries about what other people think of him. Their opinions
are more important than his opinions. He puts me and other people
on pedestals.
Rejection is painful, yes, but it is a ﬁlter.
Go through the pain because I won't trust a woman or anyone, who dissappears
when challenges come or who is intimidated by other people's opinions.
That's how you know a real friend.
That's how you know you found a lover who means what they say.
When hard time comes they are like a rock.
That is what you're saying at a unconscious level to girls when you approach:
"Here I am. This is who I am. I don't care who doesn't accept me or not. I am
showing you all I am. Now decide."
And if a person says no, great!
This is what I mean by showing vulnerability. It's not a weakness.
Rejection has told me this person hasn't got what I want and she won't be part of
my life and journey.
Showing vulnerability is strength. Inner self power. It is real status. It is you
showing to other person you know what you want and you are not intimidated by
anything when you go for what you want.
Doesn't mean you always get what you want.
There isn't any book that can teach any man to get ANY woman he wants.
However, you'll ﬁnd people who see you, who appreciate who you are, and who
will be part of your journey much faster if you just show vulnerability.
And they will give you what you want because you got what they want.
The faster you get over this fear of rejection and hanging on what to say and all
that, the faster you move forward. The faster you move from one girl to another
until you meet a girl that says...YES!
She won't give you a hard time.
It will feel so easy because she is secure in herself and she sees you. You got to
show honest intent by being vulnerable.
Stick your neck out. Show vulnerability.
Diﬀerentiate yourself from the many who don't.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does The Little Prince learn from the fox?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Updated Sep 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here's what I feel the lessons the little Prince learnt from the Fox. Everyone will
see the lessons diﬀerently but for me...
1. Establishing Meaningful Relationship
The fox teaches the prince, that if you don't build meaningful
relationship then person is like everyone else. They become no diﬀerent

than the hundreds to millions of people in this world.
How can you become special to this person when you treat them like the
people you work with, the people you see in street, the people you walk
past and anyone who you don't spend quality time with?
If you don't give time to nurture, communicate, be willing to believe in
the person and the relationship?
There is no diﬀerence then between this person and the hundreds you
walk past, work with and who will dissappear from your life after a pint
of drink or after work.
The fox is like many Fox's out there and there is no meaning that really
speaks to his heart.
If you don't build meaningful relationship with this person, take the time
to do so, keep in touch, and be forgiving...then....you're not easily
identiﬁed as a special person to them.
That bond of love, care and trust is not there.
You're not in this person's heart.
That's the key - that you are in their heart. The heart is fragile and like
bloody running through our veins, it needs constant connection of a
diﬀerent kind. It what makes you unique to the person.
The moment you're willing to invest time, nurture, be consistent and
treat this person with love, respect and without games, maniplation,
melodramatics....then they become unique and special to you.
They see you from their heart as you will see them from the heart.
2. You Cannot buy Meaningful Relationships
The Little Prince learnt that building meaningful relationship takes
patience. Relying on words alone creates misunderstanding. Meaningful
relationships go deeper than words.
They are behaviours and one of these behaviours is patience. You cannot
force friendship. Nor can you buy friendship nor can you buy love. If you
want to create the bond it needs time and time is patience. Time is
understanding.
Time that most don't give.
Today, we have technology, we want a reply fast, want this and that fast,
get upset so easily it we don't get a fast response. We assume lots of
things because we don't get the response we want./
We want to control and become insecure because we want to possess
than to nurture. In doing so, our impatience can damage the
relationships we are building.
People can buy mobile phones easily, tv easily, fast foot easily, internet
connection easily, votes easily and you can even buy likes. You can buy
space and sharing your content with currency.
But you cannot buy friendship.

You cannot buy into love.
You cannot buy meaningful relationship.
You cannot do what children do and stamp your feet, shout, cry, create
drama to buy love. You nurture. You be patient. You give and do so with
sincerity which opens the other person's heart.
One day, people ﬁnd themselves alone because they lack understanding
and patience. Most people want it fast, now, this instant instead of being
patient in cultivating the relationship with an open, forgiving, loving,
compassionate and understanding heart.
Most complain about how they haven't got friends.
Most complain the world doesn't give them friends and yet, they don't
understand what it takes to build such friendship.
Most complain no one loves them.
Most complain they haven't got lovers and yet, they have time to build
meaningful relationships. To give, socialise, be interested in other
people, learn and understand other people.
But most don't because it takes eﬀort, time, patience and you just cannot
buy meaninful relationships, true friendship and true love with money.
They got time for everything else but not time to connect with the one
they say they desire.
As the fox says..
"One only understands the things that one tames….Men have no more time
to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at the shops. But
there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and so men have
no friends any more."
It takes Time...Nurture..Patience.
3. Uniquiness In Love
You will see questions on Quora like "there are so many attractive women
and yet my boyfriend/girlfriend is with me. Why is he/she with me when
he/she can be with someone more attractive?"
To the person one is with, he/she is unique.
The beauty, the good, the ﬂaws, the imperfectins, the voice, the kindness
to sometimes even the times of misunderstanding are unique to the
person. He/she doesn't see all these attractive people as unique but
he/she does with who they are with.
The insecurity of some people do not realise, we are all unique to the one
who love us and build meaningful relationship with us. We can love
many people but each person we love is unique.
This is the realisation the Little Prince came upon as the rose tells him:
“To be sure, an ordinary passerby would think that my rose looked just like

you….But in herself alone she is more important than all the hundreds of
you other roses: because it is she that I have watered;…because it is she
that I have listened to when she grumbled, or boasted, or even sometimes
when she said nothing. Because she is my rose.”
There will also be diﬀerent people you meet and each need diﬀerent way
of nurturing. Like the diﬀerent way with the rose and diﬀerent way with
the fox.
Time, patience will reveal how to do so with whoever you meet along the
way for new friends and lovers.
We are all unique. We are all special.
But there is another part of uniquiness.
All the people are just a like in that they want something. They get it and
leave. They want sometthing and if they don't get it now, they leave.
They want something and if they don't get it the way the want it they
create drama and even hurt you with their games.
But if you want to be special to the person then you need to give time,
patience, nurturing and following the other steps below to be unique to
the person.
Or you'd just be like everyone else.
Like the millions and billions of people on this planet. Like the millions
on social media. Like the many women and men we meet. They come,
they take and they leave.
Unwilling to do these steps
4. Consistency
In relationships there is consistency. Do not give false hopes. Do not say
words of love and then do not follow through. Do not say you'll meet and
you don't not by giving excuses.
Remindes me of many people who ﬂake on dates.
If you want a certain type of relationship, say so from the beginning. If all
you desire is friendship, say so. If you desire to date someone, say so. If
you desire but sex, say so. If you desire more, say so.
Don't give false hope. Be consistent in our words and our behaviour or
then it is but manipulation and one giving false hope.
Relationship needs consistency so you can't behave one way and
suddenly behave so diﬀerent to frustate the friend or lover. This is not
love. This is not consistency.
This is seeing but with two eyes not the third eye.
Not the from the heart.
5. Being Responsible
Once you start something you're responsible for what you start and
build. If you want the relationship to grow then you don't neglect it.

Relationship takes time, patience, nurturing, consistency and being
responsible. That's what makes you unique than the the hundreds and
thousands to this person you want a relationship with.
Not just in friendship, but maybe lovers, maybe customers and maybe
your own audience too. This is the same with friends who want to be
friend with you to boyfriends and girlfriends.
Are they patient or drama and demanding?
Are they unique in their love with patience or impatient?
Are they consistent or just inconsistent and frustrating?
Are they responsible or behave like victims?
Are they how the Rose was with pretending to die. The Rose was once
vain. Very insecure. Trying to get attention by pretending to die.
Talking about drama.
Like some people who talk about how their world is ending, they life is
terrible and on and on to get attention.
Consistency...
Who are you for real?
I am a sexual man and I have values that reveal my sexuality. I am
consistent with sexualising in words and ﬂirting from the very beginning
and all way through.
Why is this important?
People who are fearful to show their sexuality waste time. They use
subtle hints, signals and live in fear. They will ﬂirt for attention, out of
boredom, to be playful for nothing but their ego.
Being up front in showing what you desire and who you are...screens
them out and also ﬁlters out people who judge regarding sex, sexuality,
with their perception they have been brought up with.
The best part is you screen them out very early on. I mean right in the
beginning stages.
They are inconsistent when meeting. They are ﬂaky. If you was ﬂaky in
business with clients or do not attend job interviews, you won't be taken
seriously. I don't waste time with ﬂakes.
They say "yes I'll be there" but don't appear, and cancel more than twice
beause whatever their reason are.
However if you're need, you will be putting them on a pedestal and they
will waste your time again and again. They go with their emotions, do
what they feel like without thinking about how you planned time for
them and they waste your time.
They may work real hard in life, maybe meaninful in somethings but
they inconsistent in their role with you and basic rituals like being on

time and keeping promises.
I work hard to make time, even when texting lovers. I am a busy man
with many projects and yet I make sure to try to keep my word when I
say I will meet lovers. I don't break my promise only if a death of family
or friend appears.
If I am seriously ill, I let them know why in advance and even ask if they
could come to see me anyway.
Are you a consistent in in the outside world?
I don't turn of my sexuality and it is a part of who I am that one cannot
control. It's not something I fear to show because I seeking validation,
acceptance, loved and liked. In this way I attract women who are the
same....seek the same...who are passionate about sexual intimacy, love
ﬂirting, some maybe inexperienced but willing to learn and desire such a
man. I don't switch it oﬀ and be afraid of it. I am passionate about love
making and romantism when a woman sees not with eyes that are
judging but with desire to know and be with such a man.
Here we ﬁnd more on the message from the story when the Prince is late. He
learns the lesson of consistency....
“It would have been better to come back at the same hour,” said the fox. “If, for
example, you come at four o'clock in the afternoon, then at three o'clock I shall
begin to be happy. I shall feel happier and happier as the hour advances. At
four o'clock, I shall already be worrying and jumping about. I shall show you
how happy I am! But if you come at just any time, I shall never know at what
hour my heart is to be ready to greet you … One must observe the proper rites
…”
“What is a rite?” asked the little prince.
“Those also are actions too often neglected,” said the fox. “They are what make
one day diﬀerent from other days, one hour from other hours. There is a rite,
for example, among my hunters. Every Thursday they dance with the village
girls. So Thursday is a wonderful day for me! I can take a walk as far as the
vineyards. But if the hunters danced at just any time, every day would be like
every other day, and I should never have any vacation at all.
In following the other wisdom too, the rose grows. It ﬂourishes. He tells the rose
how special the rose is and how unique the rose is.
The fox had to leave so the Little Prince understands the lessons more clearly.
Also the fox is unique in his own way with his own life and responsibilities.
The Little Prince understood he is reponsible for this rose. He built relationship
with this one Rose. In doing so, he has been enriched with friendship, memories
and experiences he cannot get from other roses.
If you like to watch the story then here's the video.
You may see with diﬀerent heart and share your own and lessons only you feel
and see because you're unique and special too...

They also made a movie too…

9k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys prefer directness over subtlety?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can't speak for other men but I know that showing vulnerability by sticking your
neck out makes a woman more attractive than a woman, sitting pretty, sending
subtle signals. It doesn't do it for me.
I am more direct. I approach. So I have no problems approaching and being direct
but when it comes to reading hints....I have no time for it.
It tells me she's insecure and fallen trap to much of the social constructs
regarding women approaching and labels.
I'm more into women who are leaders and who go for what they want.
When a woman is direct, when she approaches it shows me her real status. She
stands out more than any woman who are doing the subtle hints.
Same for a guy.
When he approaches women, he shows status, in his behaviour. After all, most
guys got jobs, cars, whatever but behaviour is a league of it's own.
Not every guy has the balls to approach a woman and be direct.
Not every woman has the backbone to approach a guy and be direct. For me this
is very attractive. It does a lot more than subtle hints.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says I don't know when you ask
them out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Explain what's going on. You need to lead and it seems to me either you're very
young and have no idea of process or this girl is not worth your time. And she also
don't have a clue or she's wasting your time playing about.
It's simple..
1. You approach a girl

2. You converse, ﬂirt, be light hearted
3. Then if you like her..YOU ask her out there and then.
4. If all is well... you exchange numbers.
So what is it are you doing because if a girl is saying "I don't know when you ask
me them," is either you have no clue with leading or she's messing you around.
You need to explain in details what's up.
Also who is "them."
You don't put a question and don't explain what you did, the process or we'll
assume all sorts.
So add some more details or leave comment below this answers on what did you
do, how you approached her.
It's like you and her have no clue.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is he settling for me because he can't get beautiful, perfect
women? Is it true men only go for women they think are “in
their league”?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From experience, as men we are bombarded with all sorts of images regarding
women. The curves, the ass, the tits, that shiny skin and face. On and on it goes
wherever we go.
So yes, we do go for women who are attractive and there is none, in my mind who
is out of my league. There is only women who say yes and those who say no.
But here's the thing you need to appreciate.....
This is a real live recent example...
I was at a Night club the other night, Saturday and it was packed. I was dancing
with diﬀerent women within a span of a few hours.
But ALL OF THEM, who were attractive, gorgeous in ﬁgure, face, ﬂowing hair, the
whole lot but...
They turned me oﬀ so fast you won't believe.
Why?
I didn't get much from them in feeling.
Something didn't click for me.
As I walked outside, I saw a red head girl and she smiled.
I approached and said hi and we got talking. The way this girl made me feel was
wonderful. She was bubbly, she had a great personality and she had those big
shiny light pinkish glasses.
Here we have a woman who is conﬁdent, secure and fun to be with. We even
joked about sex and she didn't make it a big deal the way the other women I was
dancing with did. It was fun being with her and I could be myself.
She wasn't as attractive as the other women but I didn't give a damn.
Her personality and the way she made me feel was hot for me. She didn't play
hard to get. She didn't speak negative about the world or her life. As we talked
she'd touch my arm as part of the conversation.

Very sensual, feminine and I liked that about her.
Her voice soothing and warm.
It was very upbeat conversation.
She even took out her mobile phone shown me some of her art work which by the
way I enjoyed looking at. I was very impressed by her talent. I'm an artist so we
clicked and we laughed about the teachers we once had.
We exchanged numbers, we kissed for 30 minutes, and I promised I'd text her.
I walked away feeling great.
I be honest. I felt inspired by her. That's what some women do to me. They inspire
me and I walk away with lots of value than bullshit.
I showed vulnerability and this time...she welcomed it. She wasn't insecure how a
man she didn't know approached her.
That has a major impact on a man about women. It can totally change his
perception and inspire him to see the world in a certain positive light.
She did just that. Not many women can do that to me. No, not many.
That's how she made me feel....ALIVE. AMAZING!
I wish every woman I meet oﬄine and online made me feel this way but
unfortunately, they don't.
Either there is some hard play game, it's too much work, she desires so much
validation by not giving value.
Either they send me messages ﬁlled with darkness, drama and "oh life is so bad...I
am losing it.." and I just switch oﬀ.
These are attractive looking women and well...I get turned oﬀ. So now I don't see
them attractive when they do that.
My interest in them vanished. Pﬀﬀ. Gone!
Funny how a woman can have all the looks, beautiful face, the curves, body and
all that....and just by words, her mindset, her vibe...turns you oﬀ completely.
Emotions. They are powerful.
Just by her expression on her face or some game she's playing turns me oﬀ.
AND I am a high sexual man and yet, I will walk away or ignore women who look
attractive in physical sense due to how I feel.
Feelings.
They are very powerful.
The other tall attractive women didn't make me feel that way. They bored me stiﬀ
with their bullshit talk.
I sent her text while I was going home on tube train and she replied fast in her fun
way. We texted back and forth.
We set a date to meet again right there and then.
So easy to do. Made the experience enjoyable. There wasn't any playing hard
game. It made the experience amazing.
Feelings.
This is why you're man is with you.

You make him feel alive. You make him feel he's wanted. You make him feel he is
loved. You make him feel he is the ONLY man for you.
That's why he's with you.
The rest is just your own insecurities and if you're not careful, it will bite you in
the ass to not see what's in front of you.
Best you forget all this about other women and focus on your man.
Don't understimate yourself and how you make your man feel. He is with you for
a reason and it's much bigger than you can imagine.
Looks fade away. Tits sag. Ass too. Curves gets bloated. Face grow lines. Some
might get plastic surgery but that doesn't stop aging.
We all get old and we like to be with someone who makes us feel amazing.
That's why he's with you. You make him feel alive.
9k Views · View Upvoters

What topics can I talk about to the boy I like? Do I need to
change myself for the boy I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can give you all the topics you need. I mean, I can throw a book at you with
topics. I'm that damn good at conversation.
But it wouldn't do you any good, whatsoever.
You don't need topics. You need to go and live. However, from what I am seeing
from your question...I see a diﬀerent problem..
It's Neediness..
1. You're trying to alter your personality for someone else
2. You're trying too hard to win someone else's approval rather than
showing who you are.
Neediness:
The desire for aﬃrmation, aﬀection or reassurance from others. It's fear based
that comes from trying to control objects outside of you like people and
situations. It comes from low self esteem and self limiting beliefs. It's about the
constant desire and need for approval from others.
I get that everyone has a diﬀerent personality and we like to get along, so we can
communicate in their emotional language.
But what the question implies is you're not trying to do that. No, this is
something diﬀerent called...neediness.
You're trying to change who you are and your personality for approval.
I promise you this, if you are with someone who is into you, you won't need to try
so hard to talk, converse and laugh your heads oﬀ because you're compatible with
each other.
The other person will even help too.
Right now I am dating women and I can do anything and it makes them laugh.
I'm a bit clumsy at times even with all the knowledge I share here.
They don't care.
That's what they like about me.

That when I approached, shown vulnerability, conﬁdent but I'd screw up a little
because I'm a human being. I'm not a robot.
I'm going to make mistakes along the way but these women didn't care. Their
gorgeous smile, big hearts, and them cracking up laughing because of my quirky
ways is what they embraced.
I can be boring as hell and it be interested to them.
It is so easy to talk with them and have long hours of conversation. We can kiss for
hours, we can touch for hours, we can talk for hours, we can walk and walk..and
walk and it still be enjoyable.
I didn't have to change my personality. I have this "Don't Give A Fuck" attitude
but not in a nasty way. I do it in my mind.
It's just I do things, knowing I'm not perfect and if a woman don't like....no
problem. I understand. Everyone isn't for everyone.
I respect that. I move on.
Now some things you do need to know
1. No Negative talk.
Meaning, no talk about how the world will end, how your life is shit and
all that. It's such a turn oﬀ. Stay upbeat. Positive. It's about being
attractive not showing person why they shouldn't get close to you.
2. Ask About The Person's Interest
It's ok to talk about ourselves but make it as part of the person your
talking with to. Engage them.
3. Use Story Telling
Brillaint way to share wisdom, experiences, values, what you're into and
you can end it with a question for other person to share their stories
about their life.
4. Relax. Be Fun. Flirt A Little
Don't be too serious. Be light hearted, fun, which by the way most girls
don't know how to do sometimes. Fearful of being judged. You can ﬂirt
but don't be nasty. It's more sexual ﬂirting to show guy you're attracted
to him. The smile, eye contact, touching his arm when talking, biting
your lower lip as he talks and leaning in as he talks.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do I do with my girl when she does not want to see anyone
close to me, especially of the opposite sex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is her own insecurities. It's her own friction, walls she built up in her life
from projecting past experiences. I don't believe that because she is your
girlfriend you stay away from meeting anyone until she trusts you.
I sense you're very uncomfortable about it and it's already choking you. This will
create a lot of problems for you if you don't nip it in the bud.
You communicate and talk but understand it's her controlling behaviour that
comes from her own insecurities. You need boundaries and one of them is she
doesn't tell you who to hang around with.
That's your life and your social network and to close you oﬀ is to close you oﬀ
from the world and opportunities in life, in friendship and happiness.
You cannot make anyone trust you.

This isn't about you. It's about her own insecurities and probably she had that
from beginning and you tried to do what most needy men do. I won't be surprised
she doesn't even want to go for therapy, counselling either.
Altering your personality and life around her insecurities when you needed to set
strict boundaries, and let her know of these boundaries. Or when it happened to
communicate, get to bottom of it and also....to...communicate what these
boundaries are from the start.
And if she is unwilling then you do not invest anymore in her and relationship.
It's neediness when a person just let's someone control them.
Neediess is altering one's personality, their social life to such an extent than you
she doesn't see anyone close to you especially opposite sex. All because you fear
loss. All because you desire validation from her.
You can communicate, talk but in the end you cannot start altering your
personality, your way of life, your social network because she is controlling.
People leave mate. She cannot promise you to be with you for the rest of your life.
You must keep building your social network and let no one interfere with it
because that's YOUR resources.
If one leaves you still have these resources.
So talk to her, ﬁnd out what her real concern, let her know she needs to get
professional help but then mention boundaries, and how she needs to sort her
own insecurities out.
She needs to know if she keeps doing so, it will push you away. Explain to her that
if she keeps doing so, it's not going to help the relationshi.
If she keeps at it, being jealous and possessive, then you need to decide.
1. Stay with a woman who is controlling and will take a long time to change
and may never change.
2. Or walk away.
It's up to you but I don't tolerate such behaviour. I have strict boundaries
regarding such matters.
745 Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if the girl is still interested in me if I screwed up
ﬂirting with her and she said she had a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop being needy. Have boundaries. You showed her interest and she didn't
recipocrate whether you screwed up with ﬂirting or not. If she can't take ﬂirting
then let her be up her ass about it.
If she is upset about that then think how she be upset about other things too. If
she cannot take ﬂirting and that was me, I am walking away.
Rejections are there for a reason.
It's feed back.
Listen to it. Embrace it. It's telling you something.
What if she don't like you smiling or jokes? You're going to change for her? This is
a red ﬂag for you. Rejection is telling you something.
Listen to the feed back.

Rejection helps you to move on fast to be with someone who likes you for who
you are. It makes sure the people who shouldn't be with each other to be apart
from one another.
If people just get with it and understand how rejection is good they can move on
much faster to meet the one who likes them for who they are.
Yes, it's painful but it's a ﬁltering system for us to embrace and respect.
Rejection Is Good
It hurts because you stuck your neck out.
You showed status, power by showing vulnerablility.
If she cannot see that...her problem. Move on.
Rejection is a good teacher too.
It tells you who is a hassle, who is undecisive, has issues, cannot see you for who
you are and for you to not waste anymore time with them. It ﬁlters out the drama
queens and guys who are drama. It screens out people who have too many
frictions in their life.
It ﬁlters women/men who play hard to get, who are needy for validation by
playing this game for attention, screens out needy women/men. Same people
who say playing hard is for screening out people.
I like to see them say that when their daughter gets is chased by guys who can't
take a no. Or when a guy is with their daughters alone and she says no and he
keeps pushing.
It's why men persist when a woman says no.
It's why guys persist when a woman has a boyfriend.
It's why guys persist and think it's a sign to continue pursuing women who don't
want to be pursued.
Any who play hard to get is part of this problem.
Women and Men who are not needy don't need to play games.
They will say yes and no. Some people have friction. These friction is either their
own insecurities or they come from strict family to religious background, or
whatever walls they got.
Lots of guilt and lots of resistence inside themseleves. It brings lots of logistic
problems for you in the future. However, their own insecurities prevents them to
enjoy life, to let go, to be with someone and therefore it will create drama for you
if you date.
Rejection helps you to screen these out naturally.
Sometimes it's not worth trying to remove these frictions that took years to build
in their lifes. Why even bother.
You have to set strict boundaries and the way to do that is early on in
knowing what you want and what you don't want.
Move on faster instead of putting women on pedestals.
If she said she has a boyfriend then you need to show you got boundaries and
show you got self respect by saying, "ok bye" and move on.
And if she hasn't a boyfriend because she's playing some stupid, pathetic, dumb
play hard to get game, which some people do under this bullshit pretence "it's
because we are screening guys/women" when really it's about dictating sex, and

fearful a guy/woman who dates and has sex with them might leave them...then
you don't play.
You make sure again you apply your strict boundaries.
Don't give her attention. Move fast because you're missing out, putting your life
on hold to meet someone who will say YES immediately in the future.
It is neediness.
"The desire for aﬃrmation, aﬀection or reassurance from others. It's about
controlling objects, people and outcomes you have no control over. It due to low selfesteem and self limiting vbeliefs that is always chasing this constant approval from
others. "
You put your self worth in the hands of others. Deﬁning yourself by the
relationship with other people.
It is needy.
If you don't have strict boundaries then you attract all sorts especially the people
who play hard to get, drama queens, helpless princesses, patient types, narcissts
type because you cannot see the red ﬂags.
Neediness is when a guy is more than willing to alter themselves in order to
receive validation from the women they meet.
Move on to other women because if you play such games, she will think she can
do this to you in the relation.
Like attract like.
Next you be so needy you won't give her attention, and and "reward" her for some
eﬀort to keep her hooked. It works but it's only temporary and it only attract
women who don't give a damn about you.
Neediness is altering yourself for validation.
Doing things to force some response.
Men and women who set strict boundaries are not needy. They value their own
time, peace of mind and happiness.
If a person doesn't give a FUCK YES, then it's a FUCK NO. He has strict
boundaries. He values his time. He moves on fast.
He's not desperate for her and starts playing into the game.
So what you screw up?
She's one woman on this planet. One.
If you move fast enough and approach many woman, EVEN if you screw up, one
woman will say yes because she likes you for whatever reason.
It's not what you say or do but your intent, vulnerability, truth. It could be you
remind her of someone. It could be she likes your quirky personality. It could be
anything.
Women and men are diﬀerent.
Men see an attractive woman and their dick goes hard.
Women see many other things than just looks. You can't pin point it no matter
what you try to do.
So what can you do?

You show social status by your behaviour. You approach immediately and if
rejection happens...you move on immediately. That's a man of social status.
That's how you show you got power and self worth.
I can give you words and you'll get women but you'll screw up anyway on date
because it's not your conﬁdence but mine. I'm coaching you through it. You'll
screw up the moment you meet her face to face.
I can easily do this. No problem but it won't help you.
I have had this happen many a times with guys to prove a point to them.
You cannot fake conﬁdence.
You cannot fake truth.
You cannot fake it even with pickup lines and routines.
Move on man and approach other women and don't worry about ﬂirting,
screwing up. It's not about that. For the right woman it doesn't matter if she's into
you. She'll just laugh, ﬂirt with you, smile and go for you.
If she's not into you or if she's so insecure and wants validation by playing hard to
get - then you will ﬁnd you attract needy women too.
You attract play hard to get gamey women because you're needy too. You will try
to alter your behaviour and personality for her.
You will waste a lot of time.
Non-Needy men and women don't need to play games. They are secure in
themselves. They will say yes or no.
Why would you want to be with a woman who don't want you or who is playing
hard to get? It's neediness.
Stop putting her on a pedestal and move on.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why won't he take me in?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's not ready for you to move. It's obvious. He is not ready and he's saying to you
that he's not ready by what he's saying.
When he's ready he will let you know.
If you keep pushing it, it's going to cause resentment. It will create argument and
unncessary conﬂict.
Right now, I see that it's you who don't trust him. You're implying in the details
that he's lying. You think he is pretending and personally you got insecuritity
issues like abandonment. One of them is looking for ﬂaws in your partner and
other, that the partner doesn't care about you because he is not willing you to
move in.
You see it as him not caring and abandoning you for his relatives.
Example below. See how this question been phrased. I have a feeling this is you
asking question again...
Why does he pretend to love and care about me? He says he does but is more
concerned about his family?
331 Views · Answer requested by Barbie Saxon

The guy I have a crush on put his arm around my shoulder but
everyone says he likes this other girl what does it mean? Am I
being used?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone? Everyone doesn't matter.
1. Don't listen to people about what you want.
2. Especially friends when it comes to you wanting dating someone
3. And that goes for "everyone."
4. People get jelous. People love to act smart and tell you they are 'in the
know.' They got agenda's.
5. Never, ever tell a friend you like someone. First take care of business
because if you don't...you might ﬁnd your so called best friend stabs you
in back and they go and ask that person you liked!
So forget what everyone, someone and any friend says.
You like someone?
Go and ask them out. Hey, he might say no.
But at least you didn't live like most people, being inﬂuenced by other people.
You went ahead and asked someone out.
Also, let's imagine it's a no....people change.
You're sowing the seeds in someone's mind that you're available. Granted, you're
not going to wait around for this person to change because you have more sense
than most to move on. You'll approach others.
However, you have sown the seed and maybe one day who knows.
So don't listen to friends, everyone, someone.
Just ask the person yourself because when it comes to people, you just never
know what their agenda is.
You just don't know.
261 Views · View Upvoters

What might be the reason a guys is playing hard to get even he
likes someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I personally don't like the playing hard to get. However, if a guy does this which
I'd advise not to do so, it be because..
1. She hasn't shown clear interest with him and he too hasn't either.
2. He's uncertain she is REALLY interested in him....
3. He probably got hurt before when he did approach women and got
rejected, got it wrong, so....
4. He fears rejection
5. He feels she probably isn't that into him and fears losing her friendship
6. He heard or saw she doesn't show interest back
7. He pulls back due to frustrations and probably start focusing on
someone else. And this cycle will probably continue with other women

too.
So it can be anything and none of the above. We will never know what's in his
mind so these are but assumptions.
Liking someone doesn't mean the person will take action.
You see people wants something or someone in their life but don't do anything
about it. Instead build fantasy in their mind about it.
It's easier to do and comforting.
It's why it's called the comfort zone. There's no risk involved.
If the pain seems bigger than the desire to approach her, bigger than pleasure,
then he will avoid her. Even if he likes her, the pain he feels is going to be too
much to handle if...he gets rejected.
If a woman does think this is so, maybe try to show she's really interested in. Let
him know she's interested but if he doesn't take action she's moving on.
Of course the guy can do that too.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I cannot bear the thought of my ex being with another guy. How
do I get over this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is like, "how to handle jealousy and possessiveness."
You need to establish what the trigger is that is getting you to feel this way. You
need to be honest with yourself when you do these steps.
Let me give you an example so we understand what we mean by trigger.
Imagine a woman is in a relationship and her man sleeps with other women.
They agreed to be in an open relationship but one of them is jelous.
The women is.
So she will close her eyes, visualise the full process of her man being with the
another woman.
From waking up
Having a shower
To breakfast
Going to work
Meeting the other woman
The intimacy
Sex etc.
Now as she visualises, she will ﬁnd something either in the beginning, the end, or
middle, somewhere in he progression pains her.
For example..
She might be ok for him to have sex with her but in her visualising, she sees the
intimacy part of them sitting together, talking, laughing, sharing deep thoughts
together,
Or....it could be the sex part but not the sex itself....but sex in the same bed she
sleeps in. So now she knows, where that trigger is.

She comes out of it all alright!
Now because it's her and her man, she can calmly sit down with him and
communicate her feelings without drama.
They come to an agreement to not have sex on the bed they both sleep in. That
bed is just for her and her man. He can go and have sex at the other woman's
house or hotel.
They both come out of it alright!
I know, I could have come up with a diﬀerent example but there we go. I can't
think of something else yet.
Now....here's what you do...
Find a place in your home. Switch oﬀ everything. Lights oﬀ. In the dark. Switch
oﬀ the phone. Let nothing disturb you.
But you're going to go much further. This is far much stronger and will help you
to free yourself from what is triggering you.
You cannot communicate with him to come to an understanding.
So you need to see it all visually and see yourself stronger.
That you can handle it all. Like it doesn't get you. That you are detached from
whatever you ﬁnd is the trigger.
So let's start visualising:
From him waking up
Having a shower
To breakfast
He's leaving you and house
He drives to work
After work he meets the other woman
Imagine the intimacy between them
Even the Sex etc cetre
Aha! There is the trigger.
You found it. It makes you very uncomfortable. Now amplify it. Make it the worse
thing that could happen.
I mean really go for it.
I know it will be uncomfortable for you and I'm sorry to take you there but believe
me, you need to face that fear head on.
Now see it all and see you can handle it.
It all happened and you have come out alright!
See how strong you are?
See how you can move on.
See yourself smiling.
See yourself letting go and that you're healing. See yourself being happy for
yourself. See how you shake your head on why you worried so much?
Come to the realisation now, you've come out of it alright.

Hear everything. Smell everything. Touch. Feel it all.
Step into this strong amazing person.
This person is you.
This is your inner self power that doesn't need to control. It doesn't need jelousy.
It doesn't need to attach to objects.
It doesn't need to attach to someone else's identity (you ex) to feel loved,
compelete and whole. You're already all thins.
It is self power.
Now continue the visualisation of anew.
You see yourself walking away into a new life. You hear the sound of people. You
hear the fun, the music and you see two glass doors.
You see lots of people through the glass door.
The door opens and you walk in and everyone turns to smile at you, nodding
their head at you and welcoming you warmly. You feel amazing. Make it all
bright. Let this visualising story be bright.
This is your new amazing life.
Where you have so much more to give and no one has taken away anything
from you. The cup is brimming and it is ever ﬂowing within you. It doesn't
need to control anything.
See this new life without him and your life is big, with meeting new people,
socialising with new people and meetomg someone else.
You are now with this someone else.
You are talking to this someone.
You can smell his aftershave, hear him talk. He takes your hand and you can feel
his skin on yours. You feel like you're walking on air.
You have moved on and you're excited of what's going to happen now between
you and this new life of yours.
Open your eyes and...
Breathe!
You have faced the worse and you're still standing.
You have come out alright!
You're also excited because you want to move into the future. You want to take
action in the present to make this picture in your mind real.
You see, you can just go out and live but this trigger, this part, this thing will
always be in your life. It will eﬀect your life and other relationships.
People are people.
They come and leave.
You acknowledged this but you now used the tools iniside of you to help you
identify the negative painful triggers in your life to eliminate them at an
unconscious level. To heal and grow bigger, brightrer and stronger.
This is just one tool you have within you.

Use it and move on in a happier, gentle and compassionate way.
9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I choose between 2 girls who you like and who both like
you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Date them both.
No, I didn't make a mistake writing that.
Just be upfront. Be honest from day one without fear of loss.
Say to girls that you're not looking for anything serious yet and you're still dating.
So don't promise exclusivity and you be crazy to do so at beginning stages. Both
don't need to know about each other.
That's your business. You said you're not exclusive and that is all they need to
know. That's you're personal life but at least you was upfront.
Now you can date both.
Then see who out of the two girls you would like to carry on with.
Go beyond the looks.
Think about what you want in a girl. See both personalities, their values, their
traites, he experience you have, who you feel comfortable with and have more fun
with. See who you're really compatible with.
Or whatever it is you are looking for in a girl.
That's really it.
Date both. Be upfront and see who you like to carry on with.
Just know they too have a choice. They may ﬁnd they don't want to date you a
second time and more.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

I felt like she's not interested in me. So I stopped keeping in
touch with her and after 25 days, she text me, and we kept
talking. Does she like me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Meh. Don't assume anything. For all you know, she isn't getting much attention
from guys or bored so she now wants to chat.
I don't see anything until girl says she's interested. If she cannot show her
feelings then tough luck because I'm not going to know.
The thing with texting is, I always make sure I approach with intent. So if I like a
girl and going to get her number to communicate...I'm going to let her know I'm
interested in her. If she doesn't show same, I don't take her number.
That saves me a lot of time assuming anything.
So maybe next time, sort the ﬁrst step out and don't play it safe, when getting a
girl's number.
For now, don't assume anything.
People do things for many reasons. Boredom. Fun. To ﬂirt for fun. To just talk and
it's up to you to decide if she's a priority. Best you start fresh...approach other

girl's and this time with intent. So you only text back and forth with girl's who
said they are interested and you lead to date.
No use texting back and forth with no goal in mind.
Or it's not going to go anywhere and it can be frustration.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy that messaged you on Instagram
hasn't messaged you in 3 days?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes it goes like this...
I am writing my books and busy with other things. So it's not intentional. Or I
assume from mixed messages that such women I have been in contact with are
not into me. So I distance myself.
I don't hassle women online. It is always them contacting me and I don't make it
hard either or play some hard to get games. If I'm interested after they said they
into me, I am direct and reply. No problen.
Oﬄine I approach women anyway and know for sure right there, yes or no.
In my mind...
I always think that if a woman is really interested and it's online, they will say so.
Ironically, from years of experience....I know most women won't say they are
interested in a guy. So I might not ever know.
So if you like the guy then send him a message. Be clear in your intent. Let him
know you're interested in him and don't put obstacles in his way by talking about
ex-relationships, challenges on how it be with dating you or any negativity. Just
show interest. Let him know....
Take that ﬁnal action and message him.
What have you to lose.
If he doesn't message back...then move on.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How useful is playing hard to get for a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I ignore when woman plays hard to get.
Not all women do this by the way. Most women do not do this. I understand
why most women do it and I understand why most men believe women do it
too.
It's culturally ingrained in society but it brings more negative than it does
positive. I don't get involved playing this game. I don't care why people do it i.e.
ﬁltering, screening when you can just say no.
It promotes NO as a YES.
You're part of this problem. If you are interested in a man. Say yes or No. Don't
play hard to get like immature girls. This is why some men persist when women
say NO and causes a lot of problems. I don't give a damn if this is for ﬁltering men
out. That is not way to do it.

You Have The Right Of Consent. Excercise it!
Sexual desire is your own. But you can excercist it from the start if you're not
interested by saying no.
Because you're are part of the problem for women and men if you play hard to
get. Mostly women who then get men who don't take no.
It Encourages No as a Yes
Playing hard encourages some men to believe a No is a Yes. That if a woman says
she has a boyfriend, she is lying. It encourages some men to persist when they see
resistence.
That's even in sex!
Can you imagine a woman saying no to sex and the guy still persists? Imagine the
terrifying consequences then.
Now you got guys persisting on women who say no.
You got guys persisting when a woman says she's got a boyfriend.
You got women getting hassled time and time again by same men
persisting.
Imagine this is being taught to guys all over the world doing the same.
That women play hard to get to ﬁlter men out and so they persist.
Imagine you say no, REALLY say no, and he keeps coming at you. This is
some scarey shit and it can lead to a lot of danger if the guy is not stable
mentally.
Imagine now, when it's your daughter.
And you get some women say they do it because it's "how we ﬁlter out
men."
No, they are promoting that when a woman says NO, it means YES.
That if she doesn't answer the phone she likes the guy
That if she doesn't turn up and ﬂakes then he must persist, hound her,
keep chasing.
I have seen women on here promoring this bullshit that couples stay together
beause they chased each other.
Are you kdding me?
You got daughters for heavens sake. Think about them. Think about the world
they are going out to. It's not a nice world out there. There are some crazy
bastards out there.
I truly mean guys who if they get played on they are going to get their revenge. It
is dangerous.
It's why I don't have any court charges on my head.
If I get a No, it means a No.
It does not mean a yes.
If a woman says she has a boyfriend, it means she has a boyfriend.
If she says she's not interested. She's not interested.
So if a girl plays hard to get then she is telling me..
She is an object
She is a trophy to be won

She is going to be drama in future
She cannot be decisive
She is not worth my time.
She is as insecure
Most women who play hard to get can try and convince people that it's to
screen out men but it leads to a lot of problems in society.
Most girls who do that do it have fallen trap for the nonsense that if she says yes
immediately, she is seen as too easy, a slut, a whore when all these labels are
inventions for women to compete against each other.
One can pretend and rationalise this is how you screen out men but women need
to know that they will have daughters one day.
The implications is guys persisting when a girl is 100% saying NO!
Just say NO if not interested or YES if you are.
You can read more on this here..
Why do many guys think girls play hard to get? I for one don't "play" hard to get. I
am hard to get. See the diﬀerence?
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can you know if a guy still likes you based on their actions?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction only lasts for a certain time. If you don't take action then he will
assume that you'e not interested in him.
IF IT'S ONLINE:
1. He will share thoughts with regarding connecting
2. He will paint a picture about the future with you subtley
3. He will use more words instead of one words. Believe, a lot of words.
4. He will ask personal questions about your life
5. He will ﬂirt with you
6. He might subtley paint sexual/romantic future on what might happen
7. He might increase sexual if you do it to and it be fun, arousing, sexy.
8. He will give you his mobile phone to text, whatsapp conversation for
phone conversation.
ONLINE MISTAKES
1. Talking about problems with the guy
2. Talking about ex-relationships with the guy
3. Talking about how other guys chase you, want you and call you.
4. Talking about insecurities/negativity
5. Asking far to many questions instead of ﬂirting in a positive sexual way
because it's about feelings, arousal, emotions not logic.
6. Taking too long to show interest in him
7. Giving one word replies
8. Ignoring his advances i.e. playing hard to get

9. Telling him how hard it be to be with you, date you.
10. Telling him you don't ever show interest in a guy you like.
NOTE.
Saying this will deﬁnitely prevent him to take anymore actions. He will
assume you said it because you're sending subtle nessage that you're not
interested in him so don't bother trying with you. He will back away
instantly. If you didn't mean it, clarify to him quick because when this is
done...attraction goes down real fast.
11. Avoid answering his questions or making answers vague. This shows
you're not interested in him and he will stop asking questions. Probably
lose interest and move on.
IF OFFLINE (Notice the actions)
He approaches you
He says you're attractive/says he's interested to know you
He asks for your phone number
He texts and ﬂirts
He sexualises in words
He increases sexualises if you play along
He leads to phone call so you can both talk
He paints a picture in your what might happen (fun role playing)
He asks you out
He asks personal questions about your life
He persists
He continues conversing with you when he sees you
He persists with getting to know you
He persists texting you
MISTAKES MADE
Playing hard to get
One word responses with texting
Not calling him
Not ﬂirting
Not sexualising with him
Hiding you are interested in him
Not smiling when he sees you when you make eye contact
Not waving and walking towards him to talk
Telling him about your problems
Telling him about past ex relationships
Negativity talk
Telling him you're so busy
Avoid talking to him <<<<biggie!
5.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Denise Murray-Rice

I am afraid of having a bf after being single for 7 years. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take a moment. Close your eyes. Imagine you're dating.
Now, imagine the worsed that can happen and you can handle it. You see yourself
laughing about it. You see yourself strong. You see you got enough love inside of
you to handle whatever comes at you.
You're not looking to be accepted.
You're not looking to be approved.
You're not seeking to be validated
You're going out to get to know people.
AND deciding who you like to mingle with
AND who you like to get to know more of
AND to enjoy just building meaningful relationships
See that person in your mind talking to some guy without the worry in the world.
Visualise clearly in your mind the actions a woman is doing.
This woman is you.
You're conﬁdent. You're not seeking a response. You can feel this amazing feeling
of getting to know someone. You feel you're great with conversation skills. The
guy is liking how you converse.
See all the actions happening.
You can feel all your senses.
You can feel the touch. You can smell. You can hear. You hear the words you're
speaking and what he's saying. You can see his expressions on his face and it's
warm, compassionate and sincere.
He's into you and he shows it too.
You're touching each others arm as you laugh together as part of the
conversation. You're getting to know each other.
NOW....you are feel this enthralling, exciting, amazing rush throughout your
body. Like the cool breeze embracing you. You're whole body is tingling with
positive energy.
You feel it?
Great. Now step into the woman's body because that's you.
You feel all those feelings I mentioned, You feel conﬁdent. You feel you can
handle anything. Feel how the woman you are now is someone who can take on
anything.
Now touch your wrist.
Do this often in your home, with lights oﬀ. Turn phone oﬀ. In the dark.
Somewhere in your house.
Visualise often, in the morning and evening. Get your mind use to the idea of
doing it ﬁrst visually in your mind.
Now when you go out and you feel nervous, touch your wrist to feel all that
feeling again.

Yes, you may have endless worries regarding dating.
It's not so terrible.
It's emotions.
Our unconscious minds will always narrate many a dark stories but really, much
of these assumptions won't happen.
Yes, I get that dating can be a little confusing.
Maybe the fear of not ﬁnding someone.
Maybe the fear of rejection. Maybe the fear someone else will know. You won't
believe how many women who are very attractive and yet haven't got this
admired quality of courage to tell a guy they like him.
These women are not the choosers.
They just think they are.
They get whatever comes their way and nothing else. Everything else takes
action. The best takes action. It needs them to approach, to show interest, to
speak up and most won't.
Fine. They stay there and they get whatever. They'll not get the best of men.
They'll get whatever comes to them.
Fear of rejection, the fear of messing it up, the fear of saying the wrong words and
the fear being hurt. There is a list of endless worries your mind will bring up.
Millions of them and they can dominate your life.
Or you can decide what you want is bigger than what you fear.
Life is short living in the shadow of fears and living for someone else. That
includes parents, relatives, friends and society.
For now, forget the dating and just socialise. Just get out there, Mingle, get to
know people and be in that element. Engage your mind to see, feel and be active
in the routine of just doing.
Take one step at a time and get yourself out there.
And no...it doesn't just happen.
The right one doesn't come along.
That's what most people say to rationalise their fears.
Life is not a Disney movie.
It's real and what's real takes action. To go out into the world. To meet the world.
To socialise with the world.
698 Views · View Upvoters

Do Arabic men tend to be more insecure or passionate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We are like any human race, community, human beings. Even the conﬁdent in
any race has some insecurities as no one is perfect.
Like all races, you will ﬁnd some mature and immature, some aggressive and
others not, some secure and some insecure.
Personally, I am very passionate.

I was independant at a very young age, moved from relatives very young age and
looked after myself. In other words, not a mummies boy. More of a guy who found
his own way.
Very passionate about life, art, music, writing, business, marketing and getting to
know people, food and including....women.
3 Views · View Upvoters

Should pork be banned in the UK to avoid oﬀending Muslims?

 http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2007/may/13/comment.communities
Adam Taha, See a human being instead of a label.

Updated Apr 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm Arab and I won't want the ban of Pork to happen. Just because we come in a
country and suddenly laws change to suit. No. We live in a country and we ﬁnd
the means to create options.
There's no need for such a ban to happen.
I visit friends they eat Pork and I don't eat it but they kindly cook vegetarian for
me. They come to my house, we have barbecue. I cooked mine already and we
work together, they use my barbecue machine, and we chill, eat together, get to
know each other and have fun.
They even bring their drinks too. I got relatives who are not Muslims and they eat
Pork. They married in our family.
They drink alcohol too.
There are diﬀerent cultures in England, it's why I like it. I like London and I see
lots of variations and I'd like choices.
People can create choices instead of banning.
So just because its religion, cultures and all that, it shouldn't be banned.
Nor should alcohol be banned. It was here before we came to country and so we
need to respect the culture, ways of the country, and live with people, get to know
people, mingle, and not start banning because of our beliefs etc.
This is not the way to do things.
We can have diﬀerent stores. Diﬀerent stalls in market instead of banning. I
would never ban things that I'm not into eating or drinking. Even activities. This
is why I came to England.
The freedom of all cultures can live together, know each other and respect one
another. I really don't want that to change. It's why I fell in love with England
when I ﬁrst came here as a kid.
I personally don't want such a ban to happen. It's absurd.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy act like he really likes me then drop me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be many things when a guy drops a girl and moves on.
1. She doesn't show interest. Playing hard to get. This is a big turn oﬀ.
There is no such thing as too easy, slut and whore. These are out there
eliminate competition i.e. women against women. It's used also by
insecure guys who get rejected. Don't fall for that nonsense to live in fear

in embracing your sexuality. If a woman plays hard to get, doesn't show
interest back....I'd personally walk away.
2. He knows she's interested in him but he also knows she won't make a
move. That's enough for him to see she doesn't like him enough to take
action. He moves on because he will assume she gets such attention a
lot. spoilt with choices. He moves on fast.
3. She thinks sex is love and intimacy. Therefore she probably made it a big
deal. Probably didn't even try to be intimate with the guy. No kissing, no
touching, nothing. Afraid it leads to sex. Breaking News! A resturant
meal is not dating. That's not the goal for dating. It's to make sure you
connect with the guy and arouse him to want to see you again. You don't
show feminity, intimacy, open up, he's not either.
4. She tried to dictate the role into a long-term relationship far too fast.
They haven't dated yet and he hears the world "relationship." Far too
soon and too fast for such talk.
5. He sees there are far too many obstacles. She's religious, comes from
strict family, or is working a lot and has no time. Maybe he thinks she
won't have time to date anyway. Maybe he hears she is still hooked on
her ex-boyfriend.
6. She is attractive but then she opened her mouth he got turned oﬀ. Yes,
guys can get turned oﬀ by what a woman says. No matter how attractive
she is. If she says something that goes against his values then it will turn
him oﬀ.
7. The escalation was too slow. Too much texting back and forth. Not fast
enough in moving to the next stage to meet up, date etc.
8. He wasn't the right one. Meaning no matter what you do, it still
wouldn't have worked out. So think like this.....even if things went
crazy...for whatever reason...the right guy will still be into you. IF you
show interest. If you show him you really are into him.
It can be many things.
No one will know except the guy himself.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay for a man to leave a female friend's life if he loves her
and the love is disregarded by her?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't personally give damn. I'd not wonder about the woman. I won't think
about if she feels this or that. I'd move the hell on. That's what I do.
So all this "is it ok."
Ok for whom. Her?
I won't care if it's ok for her. I'm sure she's got a lot of guys orbiting around her to
not even wonder. Some spoilt with choices and boast how lot of guys approach
them. Most by the way love the attention.
It's why I don't give women attention when they don't show interest. I move on.
Yes, many got the looks, spoilt and think all men are going to do the same,
waiting around. No, I won't care. I'd move on.
If a woman wants you, great but if she don't, it's now none of her damn business
what you do. I won't be concerned what she thinks, what anyone thinks and I
won't decide my life around someone.

She's not fragile and she's not a princess. Don't worry. There will be plenty of guys
giving her attention. You just make sure you're not one of those guys waiting
around for her. I'm sure she gets enough attention as it is.
She can take care of herself. She did so before you met her and she will do so
when you're gone.
So forget if it's ok.
It's a choice. You want to stay around her, you're choice but if you're waiting
around her, hoping she will change and fall for you...screw that crap.
Move on.
No one is worth waiting around for.
If someone you like doesn't show interest back, or if the person likes you but
doesn't show it, if the person makes some reasons about challenges to be with
you....then don't wait for them.
Life is too short waiting around for anyone.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl who knew I liked her told me that I deserved someone
who was ready to give me the attention I deserve. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

" the other day she was dared to go up in front of my class and talk about
someone who had a crush on her. She outed me in front of everyone..."
Why the hell you want to even try pursuing her after she did that?
She just rejected you in front of everyone on..purpose.
For what? A stupid dare? Immature.
Have you no standards and self respect?
That's someone you don't want to ever get to know. She has a big ego and what's
important to her is how everyone sees her. She's only interested in looking cool in
front of everyone.
All she's interested in is how other people see her and nothing else but that.
If she was genuine and caring, she would have done this discreetly. Teenagers at
school. Most only give a damn about some dumb social status. It's why some
pretty girls grow up loving some guys chase them. Wanting attention.
Spoilt. They won't approach a girl they like and just keep quiet. That's the type of
girl she is and one to stay away from.
She's not interested in you. All she is interested in is looking good in front of
people and feeding her ego.
Stay away from her.
Especially girls who know you're interested in them and try to play such stupid
immature games. She's an attention seeker.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do arab guys mind a girl asking them out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm only speaking personally as an Arab. I will respect her a lot for doing so.
Maybe because I like these values:
Decisiveness
Courage
Conﬁdence
Determination
Faces challenges head on
Go getting attitude
Ambitious
Leadership
High self esteem
Being vulnerable
Transparent
Unique
These are just some of the values I admire so when a woman does approach me
oﬄine or online, I see these values in my mind.
So yes, approach. I don't mind at all but I'm speaking for myself. I'd appreciate it
because it cuts through the nonsense, the games and mixed signals. It shows how
much she does like me by overcoming her own fears to do so.
It takes courage to approach any guy.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

If you're unsuccessful with girls as a teenager, will you be that
way forever?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, if you think it's all about the looks. You mentioned that in the ﬁrst few words
when you started your sentence..
"....quite good looking.."
Means sod all mate when you enter the big wide world.
Sure it might get you attention but it is no way close to having knowledge and
experience in making a woman feel alive. It's nowhere close to knowing how to
connect with her at an emotional level.
And yes again, if you don't learn to:
Approach lots of girls
Invest in social skills
Invest in conversational skills etc.
Develop sexual appeal
How to grab her attention
How to make a feel alive, aroused, ﬂirt, keep her attention
How to build attractive rapport
How to transition from approach to conversation
How to capture her emotions and lead her imagination

How to lead to exchange in phone numbers and eliminate ﬂakes
How to lead to build on attraction using text and phone
How to lead to dating etc etc etc
All the above has it's own set of knowledge and own set of skills.
It's like anything....
It's knowledge, skills and experience. Don't let anyone tell you that you just talk
like you're talking to anyone because we are all people.
We are people with our own personality language, emotions, desires, hopes and
fears. You don't talk to your parents or guardians the same way you talk to an
attractive woman. Try talking to an interview panel the way you talk to your
friends and see what happens.
Try and talk to your sister the way you talk to an attractive woman. You can't. You
need to know who your talking to, how to approach in a certain way and yes, how
to inﬂuence.
If someone tells me "Oh it's manipulation" this is not DISNEY!
This is the real world so wake up.
Saying “Oh you just need to be good at ﬁltering out women” is bullshit. There’s
more to it than one thinks.
Inﬂuencing is a skill. Used in every industry and even when writing your CV,
when going to interviews.
Manipulation is when it’s about a person’s own needs, a person who puts his selfinterest above that of others.
Inﬂuence takes into consideration others’ needs and desires.
Knowing how to communicate and inﬂuence is part of life. You don't like it then
go and be a hermit on some mountain or stay out.
There is knowledge and skills involved of a diﬀerent kind. So start learning now.
You will grow and get better results.
Don't lose hope. You do get better if you're willing to grow and learn.
If you keep using the limited knowledge you have and if you keep doing what
you're doing... you'll get the same results.
You want diﬀerent results?
Then turn every stone to learn.
5k Views · View Upvoters

Has a long time friend ever confessed that they had feelings for
you years later?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but it was too late. Why?
Because I got so used to them being a friend and they know a lot about me, that I
didn't see them in any other way like sexual attraction.
They become in a sense, comfortable in my mind.
I am not attracted to comfortable. I am attracted to what arouses me, what excites
me and comfort comes later on. If the friend approached me in beginning and

said she was attracted to me, then it probably be diﬀerent.
And she is attractive too, a red head, and many guys pursue her but for me, she
approached in a way that wasn't attractive. She approached in being interest in
my work and would come to see me due to the work.
Met her online and even her approach online was more of her approaching me
cause she has some problems and wanted advise. That too impacts the way I see
women and she did too much of that.
So I didn't see attractiveness.
She's one of a few friends who confessed but only like months later and some
years later. So it was very diﬃcult for me to now see her in a light where I'd be
attracted to her.
Doesn't mean I was harsh on them, acting like an idoit, ignoring them. They are
my friends so I was ﬂattered and it's ﬁne. It's ok. I didn't make them feel bad
about it.
Yes, I know some advocate that be friends ﬁrst but that doesn't work for everyone.
I am a direct type of guy, I am attracted to directness feminine sexual woman who
show their interest immediately.
I am attracted to women who say they are attracted to me from the very
beginning. They ﬂirt, sexualise in words geared towards me. They are conﬁdent
in their sexuality and conﬁdent that such man will be interested in them.
Instead of ﬁrst being my friend.
If that happens then comfort stage sets in and well, I'm not attracted to comfort
until attraction is there ﬁrst. So attraction ﬁrst before comfort than other way
wrong.
Something most Nice Guys mess up in with women.
They approach with comfort, being nice...polite, considerate, trying to be friends
with women to get close but it only gets most women to dictate in their mind a
role that they cannot really date such a guy. Happens a lot.
Doesn't mean ALL women will not date a friend by the way.
Some do but the ﬂip side does happen where a guy is a friend and approaches
months or years later to ﬁnd she's not interested.
So yes, I have had long time friends do that online and oﬄine from my social
circle. I just couldn't see myself dating them.
Nothing personal. They are wonderful people, and I do like them a lot and care
for them but...not in that way.
It's just too close, too awkward. Doesn't work for me.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a guy fall for me through just chatting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They key is what state of mind you want him to be in. Then you need to work it to
get him in that state if mind.
I'm going to share two examples, one turned me oﬀ and one got me to want to
really know more.

This is the ﬁrst one. Where most women who contact me or get to know me go
wrong....
1. Immediately talked about her problems.
I understand we all got problems, challenges but if you want a guy to fall
for you then this isn't the way. Sure, I might help out but it's doesn't
diﬀerentiate from many women who know me for my expertise,
knowledge and take...take...take.
You know, telling me about her problems, asking me questions how to
solve them. Suddenly woman becomes a patient and I'm some Therapist.
Not a good feeling by the way. It only gets my conscious mind ticking
and not my unconscious mind where arousal is.
That's if you want a guy to see you as a woman to date.
If not, go ahead, talk about problems. He will just see a woman like most
wanting some advise, take..take..take. Kind of thing. Women have
friends and relatives for that. Or see a therapist.
If a woman has done this mistake, you can still get back on track by
showing interest, by telling him he's attractive, by focusing on arousing
him emotionally. Flirt, be sexual. Focus on emotions. Or we will start
trying to solve a problem and we won't be attracted to such women.
2. Talking about some guys
Telling me about some guys who are into her. Maybe works on some teen
but for me it's a turn oﬀ. Woman is talking to a guy she likes and she's
telling him about some guys into her, blah blah, is a turn oﬀ.
Many women think if they can increase their status and attractiveness in
a guy by telling him how guys chase them, how guys call them, how guys
show interest. You'd be surprised how this is a big turn oﬀ for guys. It is
for me and many men I know.
3. Negativity
Telling me what can't happen. Telling a guy how hard it is to date her.
You won't believe how many women do this. It's ridicolous.
Thinking a guy likes a challenge lol.
If you tell a man how hard it is to date you, be with you...he's going to see
how hard it is to date you. He's going to take the least resistence and the
women who tells him it's hard isn't going to be the least resistence. She's
going to be seen as drama, headache, too much hassle and emotionally
draining. It's not attractive.
He won't see it as a challenge but a damn obstacle course and people
take the least resistence no matter how gorgeous a woman looks like. If
you tell a guy how you had a hard past relationship, cannot trust people,
you come from a strict family, dark news about life. cannot love a guy, or
evem.....you like someone but you're not the type to tell a guy...you might
have just killed attraction.
It doesn't arouse me, it doesn't make me want to know her and it doesn't
want me to chat with her eagerly. It only shows me how hard it be in
future.
My mind will assume many a things and one is....there is far too many
obstacles and she is telling me she isn't that strong to overcome them to

date and be with me anyway.
When a man asks questions, he asks to see what it be like with her in
future. Don't talk with him in present but see it as he's seeing how it be in
future with you. If you tell him you don't do a certain activity to look
good to him but really he sees it as he can't do such activity with you in
future.
4. Flirting and Teasing Needs To Arouse
Most women ﬂirt and tease in a nasty, hurtful, not really arousing, sexy
way. Most women don't know how to ﬂirt and tease because they held
back because they feared being judged.
They think it's about making bad jokes, making guy feel small instead of
making him feel aroused, feeling amazing and turned on is attractive. It's
not attractive. No name calling. Don't play with his ego.
If he sexualises, don't ignore. Play along. Don't make excuses you don't
know how to. Learn. Figure it out. And please...enough of the "all men
wants sex" already. It's old. It's like a damn broken record. Get with you
or leave the guy alone. Stop bitching about it.
If you're not good ﬂirting then even when you do, he will appreciate you
because you're at least trying. Don't ignore when he does and stay quiet.
He will assume you're not interested. He will ﬁll the gaps in his mind
when you need to ensure he doesn't.
5. Asking Negative Questions
Asking questions about his past relationships rather than focusing on
the present, his present life.
6. Emotional Roller Coaster
One of things you need to watch out for is your emotions. One minute
you're saying yes and next minute you're saying no, because you
probably fear some judgment, or assumption might have about you. Let
go of the fear and this idea a guy is going to judge you because you're a
high sexual, or you this and that. If he's judgmental, you at least ﬁnd out
he's not one for you.
Make sure to be so excited about something, or activity or expectations
and then suddenly you're all "Oh I am not into this." No ups and downs
due to emotions. Let go of fear of loss. This is not the time to hide away
what you desire and want to happen.
Trust is a big factor and so if you're up and down when conversing or if
you do agree to meet and ﬂake out...you be certain that if this a guy who
is conﬁdent...he'll not bother. He'll not take you seriously and probably
move on.
7. Being Demanding
Instead of saying he's busy, why he hasn't talked, texted, called, be more
appealing, show why he needs to keep in touch. We're all busy but if we
ﬁnd someone turns us on, makes us feel amazing, we all need that. But if
you're texting, writing, phone calls are like all of the above, well he won't
be eager to communicate.
8. Give More
By giving more I mean....don't just text, reply, call because you just ﬁlling
space. Keeping him on the hook. He will know. He will get bored and his
life will just overshadow to bother responding.

So give more by being interested in him, by being positive, exciting,
arousing him, turning him on, and showing him that if he meets
you....it's going to be amazing time.

Now Here's The Second Approach
This where women I found attractive did this approach.
They came from a diﬀerent angle and it's no surprise I talked with them much
more, eager to hear from them..
1. She's Genuinely Interested In Him
It was like a thunder bolt. She didn't talk about her problems. She knew
other women will be texting, writing, and calling. So she needed to do
diﬀerent to all these women.
She immediately mentioned traites about me she liked and started
sexually ﬂirting indirectly at ﬁrst. She was amart to know the type of
man I am and came from that angle. She did her home work on me. Most
don't.
If she came from angle of religion, or seriousness, it won't have had an
impact but because she knew about me, my sexual high drive, my
lifestyle, she focused on that. She'd be a good marketer if she ever
became one. She spoke my language.
She says she's into him and attracted to him.
2. She Focused On Us
She didn't talk about other guys. She didn't talk about crushes on other
guys. She didn't talk about how other guys chase her. She role played and
focused on what could happen if we meet. She turned me on, aroused me
and even.......sent me photos of her after weeks of texting, messaging and
talking on phone.
3. Positivity
She didn't share negativity about her life with me. None of the talk about
her insecurities, life problems, and all that. Nor what cannot happen. Or
how she doesn't trust people easily and all most say.
She knew if she did, it will only trigger things in my mind to assume she
is telling me she's not interested in wanting to be intimate. She knew
most women screw things up by telling man lots of negativity and think
it's attractive.
It's not attractive. Always Keep it upbeat.
She kept it positive, telling me the good stuﬀ about herself, about what
she likes in a man...positive. This is about attraction and seduction and
so negativity shouldn't be included. Finish what you started. Leave
negativity, insecurities out of the way.
4. Increase Flirting
As time went by she increased the ﬂirting, sexualisation further and I
played along too. In beginning it was not too much but she gradually
turned sexualisation on because she saw me playing along. She became
conﬁdent that it's ok to do so with me.
It was fun. She dmonstrated she had conﬁdence in her sexuality. She
wasn't insecure about it. Men of my type, who don't hide our sexuality or
apologetic about it are easy to detect.

You can see it in how we behave, in our words immediately. Not so with
Nice Guys who thinks being polite, considerate is way to attract women. I
don't hide my sexuality and up front, so it's easy to know who I am. I will
stop doing it if a woman is secure about her sexuality and get bored. I'll
move on kind of thing.
If she ignores when I do it, I know very well she has issues regarding her
sexuality and inexperience in such things. But that doesn't excuse to not
try. He will understand.
5. She Sprinkled Questions
She doesn't ask too much questions but when she does, it's to help us to
meet. It's to increase arousal, it is to show her interest in me. It's not
questions of my past relationships, of problems but of my passion, and of
us seeing each other, and possibilities of future to meet.
The questions are sprinkled instead of being an interview.
Also if I say something I did, she'll ask more about that and she might ask
to see something I did. Taking interest in me. She's listening.
6. Consistent
She's consistent in that you know when she says yes, she like that and
yes she will meet...you can bank on her word 100% that she means it. You
know 100% she isn't letting her emotions dictate things to a level where
one minute she's yes I am all in and no the next minute.
A guy knows she won't ﬂake when you take time to meet her. He also
knows when she says yes to something or is excited about something,
she isn't going to suddenly say she isn't so excited about it.
There is certainty and this makes a man secure in her if they do meet up
one day.
7. She's Secure
When a guy hasn't communicated for a while or seems busy, she doesn't
say why he hasn't communicated and made an issue of it. Instead she
send a positive message, that ﬂirts, arouses and it's fun. She's secure in
herself and she is conﬁdent he is into her.
8. Gives More
Communication is constant. Everytime she communicates, it's lively, it's
ﬂirty, it's sexy, it's arousing and fun. It's not her ﬁlling gaps in the day or
keeping me standby kind of thing.
She's not playing hard to get either.
I look forward to hearing from her and I will do more conversing with her
too and take intiative.
So when women do the second one with me.....it captures my emotions and
ignites my imagination. It gets me thinking about what it be like with her. So I am
compelled then to want to fall for such women, get to know.
That's what one needs to do.
Getting the man to imagine what it be like to be with her.
But moment women do the ﬁrst one I showed...He's not so eager to put much
eﬀort in and well, it starts to raise walls.

So don't hide your sexuality and afraid man will see you in a certain way. It's very
common women do so. Be more daring and bold.
109.3k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Should I tell the recruiter I got a new job?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. You need to tell them or you'll still get them calling you. That way they can
put in their records you got a new job and they can now get you oﬀ the list of
someone still seeking for a job.
You'll do them a favour and yourself too.
So call the recruiter so he can put it in their records. Also if you be helpful that
way then whenever you are looking for a new job they'll be helpful to you.
Congrats on your new job!
734 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl rarely initiates conversation with you, does it mean she
doesn't like you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're yearning, hungry, desiring for her validation, acceptance, because you so
into her. You want so much that it means a great deal for you to take interest in
you. You want her to recipocrate and you desire, really desire, big time, that she
be your lover and you hers.
That is why you are asking this question.
It's not that she dislikes you, that's the issue here.
It is you desire her a lot.
You don't know how long you can take this. It's driving you insane. You keep
thinking about her. You're nervous everytime you see her. You're heart pounding
BOOM KABAOOM BOOM << what you think to my special eﬀects. :)
You desire her so much that if she said...
(Cue The Music)
"Baby, the moment I set my eyes on you... I wanted you. I want you right now."
You'd probably spit the tea or coﬀee all over your keyboard and her too. As you
wipe down your keyboard, table and get turned on brushing tea you splattered all
over her blouse... you'll smile and calmly reply..
"I want you too.....baby."
Then walk oﬀ calmly, like nothing has happened, like it's the norm, like it's
natural and when you get to the rest room, you'll be be like..

You're heart pounding. You're imagination is going crazy at all the things you will
be doing together......and to her.
You'll feel this amazing enthtralling, exciting electrifying rush going through
your body. You're legs start to quiver. You're like..
"OMG! IT'S HAPPENING!"

You won't be able to stop licking your lips due to the excitement of what is going
to happen when you both meet.......alone.
Then you'll get yourself together, wipe the tears of joy, bang that lipstick on, walk
back into the oﬃce and smile at her.
You'll exchange numbers like it happens everyday to you.
Like it's very normal.
Like it was...meant to be ;)
Like society has evolved to this level in which dating is so easy, for everyone, that
they walk up to each other and ask each other. Like there is not one single tactic,
game, hidden walls.
Like people have now accepted and embraced their sexuality for the love of
Pizza's and whatever toppings you choose.
BUT...
You're in an awkward position because people have not evolved yet to this
amazing place. No, we still have to be alert, careful, aware and so you realise
something....
First....it's where you work.
Yes, the social dynamics are very diﬀerent. If you say something and she is not
bisexual or lesbian, awkwardiness might set in. Sure she might be ﬂattered but
then again, you might come to work and it be awkward.
What if it is a yes but you break up?
The drama. The pretending. The awkwardiness. The volcanic eruptions of
emotions, the tears, the "why, oh why" kicks in.
Second, dare I say that she isn't just a co-worker but probably a manager or
someone higher up than that in the job?
That means it can cause conﬂict.
What if you are an emotional wreck or she becomes an emotional wreck because
you argued over which side you sleep on?
So you need to be careful because you just don't know how things turn out.
1. You can either ﬁrst get to know her, go out together with others people,
have some drinks, get to know kind of thing and see what is what.
Thinking that..
"We're all adults here. We can at least talk about it.."
2. OR....you line up another job THEN get to know her. So when you do move out
to another job, if you do approach her....it doesn't impact you as much.
It doesn't become emotionally draining seeing her everyday at work if something
goes ape shit.
3. Or the third option....ﬁnd a place, a night club where all lesbians and bisexuals
go and you shall see many. You never know...she might be there or you might
meet someone and fall for someone else.
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the single insight that most changed your life?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Updated Sep 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That love...is never enough. Love doesn't conquer all.
It was years later we met again. An Arab woman. The very woman who
approached me once and who asked for my number and I liked her conﬁdence.
I thought she was diﬀerent to most Arab women. Unafraid what others think and
is now wanting to live the life she wanted.
But when it came time to make the decision...she lacked the courage to do so.
Now, years later we were standing face to face and somehow life brought us
together to say hello.
It wasn't planned. It just happened that I was walking from a meeting with a
record label for an album I was working on.
I remember she told me before I said goodbye...
I wish I could be with you but I can't because parents, religion,
community might talk.
I wish I could see you again but I can't...I'm getting married. Her parents
wanted to marry a certain guy.
I wish I could do this and that.....and on and on ﬂowed her reasons.
I just listened. I didn't pine over her. I didn't cry and bitch. I just listened. When
she had ﬁnished talking I said..
"Is there anything else you need to say to me?"
"No."
I embraced her and said, "I hope you have a wonderful life."
Then I walked away. I didn't look back and just kept walking on. I wanted to make
it easier on her. I knew it was hard enough on her and so if that's what she wanted
then so be it.
I realised then, love is not enough.
Love will never be enough.
This is coming from a man who is a romantic but not some chump, a Nice Guy
who put women on a pedestal. I am a singer, songwriter, I write much on the topic
of love, romance but now...I must add...love is not enough.
I thought to myself...
"Isn't it funny, how people talk about love, faith, and yet they cannot ﬁght for
the love they believe in. They live for others, community, people, parents, but
not for themselve. I don't believe in faith but experience and this now gave
me experience to know..."
Years later, we ﬁnd ourselves standing and staring at each other. After the small
talk she said...
"I got divourced. It's being ﬁnalised next week."
"I'm sorry to hear that." I said, "I hope you're ok."
"I'm not." she said, "I have been thinking about you alot lately. How can I be so
stupid. I messed up what we had."
I didn't say anything and just listened.
"Is there any chance that....?" She said.
"No, I'm not that guy anymore."
"But I still love you."

"It's diﬀerent now.."
"But tell me why, please?" She asked.
And so I said, and these aren't exact words but near enough..
"You're faith wasn't enough. Your belief in God wasn't enough. You're God wasn't
big enough, strong enough to see He could ﬁnd a way for us two. All you saw is
limitations, what couldn't happen and what is. You didn't believe enough that faith
can somehow ﬁx it. This wasn't infatuation. It was love but all you saw was fear,
rules, customs, traditions, what other people think, what you're relative thought,
bigger than the God you believed in when it came to me. Now you're talking about
love? Love is not enough either. It wasn't enough then and it won't be if we were to
face challenges later on..."
After we talked some more, we embraced, said our goodbyes and I never saw her
again.
The most single insight that changed my life is........love is never enough.
It needs real belief, courage, work, knowledge, skills, relationship management,
patience, a lot of loving, caring, and....maybe more. It needs the other person as
well to do the same.
Love is never enough.
Love doesn't conquer all.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the appeal of nightclubs?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, I go because I am into music and so I check out what is being played
on the dance ﬂoor.
I also go because I like to have fun, go with lots of friends, dance. I go to places
where the music is great. I go because I like to just have fun, dance, mingle, get to
know new people.
I have met a lot of new friends that way too, and I go to certain night clubs
regurlarly so I meet the regurlars. We know we'll ﬁnd each other there.
And if I do meet women, then great but it's not the purpose in a sense of why I go.
My ﬁrst is music and fun.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How is it to ﬁnd a girlfriend when you are over 40?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's no diﬀerent when you're younger. That's if the guy has been active in
approaching women, dating, gaing experience. He can have a job, car, whatever,
but it doesn't mean squat when it comes to attracting women.
Many I know at that age with all that and they still cannot get a date because they
didn't pick up the lessons when they are younger.
Then - blame it on age.
If a guy has been building on his experience when it comes to approaching
women, socialising, social skills, conversation skills then he's going to be ﬁnd he's
more successful when older.
Here's why..

He has gone past wanting validation, acceptance and does not fear
rejection
He can approach any women but does it while he's living his life.
Younger woman desire him because of he makes them feel alive, his wit,
maturity, experience, knowledge and when he talks he knows how to
connect at a deeper level.
He knows it's not about age but how he makes women feel, how to arouse
a woman, capture her emotions and lead her imagination
He has amazing sexual experience
Hes conversation skills is at a very high level
His social skills would run circle is also at a high level
His social instinct is very sharp and can easily engage groups too
He's choosy and he has boundaries which he won't compromise
He's gone past the fairy tales, myths of love. He's patient to screen out
young woman withn insecurities, and women with tons of baggages.
Time is valuable to him more than ever. He's not going to put up with
much of what he did when he was younger.
So if he's 40 years old, got his shit together like what you see above on the list
then he'll do just ﬁne.
However if he is 40 years old who has never approached women, or seldom did,
then he has a lot of work to do in this area.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think that a guy you like might assume you aren't into
him and that being the reason of him not initiating anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When in doubt, just take action.
If you like someone, don't start creating walls but communicate. Mixed signals
happens because two people are not communicating and saying it straight. They
both looking and waiting for the right time.
Feels like how it is when I lived in the community I was in.
Pain in ass. Girls likes a guy, or guy likes girl but they are...
Fearful if the guy/girl doesn't like her back
Fearful if someone in community ﬁnds out
Fearful of a relative sees some message between them
That God will strike some lightening
That mum and dad will be so upset that their nice son, or daughter has
rebelled into the dark side
That community will talk blah blah blah
Fearful...of...rejection
Believe me, where I come from, what you got right now, probably 100- times
easier than all that shit on that list.
That there is what I left far behind. Good riddance to it too.

You got no rules, no customs, traditions, guilt and all that I see many who still live
in community I live in have.
You have freedom.
Excercise this freedom.
You know, equality and all that.
Communicate with him. Talk. You're not going to know anything what the guy
thinks and the guy won't know anything what the woman thinks.
Only way is one of you has to take action.
Do this. Close your eyes for a moment. Imagine the WORSE. I mean the worse
than can happen.
Now see yourself seeing and feeling it's alright.
See that the world won't end. That you won't crumble. That you will feel just ﬁne
because...you love yourself. You know you're good enough for the right one. You
know it deep inside of you.
You see it now?
You see you're still standing, right?
AWESOME!
Now go for it. Throw whatever you fear to the wind.
You can handle whatever is going to come and happen.
You're stronger than you think. You have what many I know don't have. The
freedom to communicate, to date, to walk together, hold hands, kiss and all that.
To live for you, for your life, not other people, acceptance, validations, customs,
fairytales and parents repuation etc cetre.
Most I know, from community I come from, are prisoners of their own customs,
beliefs and traditions.
If it's not him it be someone else.
He probably won't be the last guy you get to know.
You probably don't have that from what I am reading.
So celebrate it by. Go and get what you want and if he isn't interested, you...can
handle it. You can move on. You can talk to other guys.
604 Views · View Upvoters

If you want a guy to call or text or just want to hang out with
him and he isn't taking any action what should you do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends. I do get women texting me and I have to be honest, some are so like
"Hey" and "How you doing" boring at texting. It doesn't get my attention. Also, it
doesn't tell me she's interested.
It doesn't tell me she wants to go out.
Plus, when they do reply to my text, I lose interest fast because some try this play
hard to get nonsense. One word or two. Some don't even reply so I delete these
women oﬀ my phone fast. And some, take a week to reply lol. They are oﬀ my
phone, done.

It's usually me who is direct with women and they ﬂow with it.
This got my attention..
"Hey Adam, It's so hot today. I need you to cool me down, call me ;)"
So maybe you need to be a bit more direct but not as much as the women I
attract who are very conﬁdent, know what they want, know what I
want....and they go for it..
Maybe like this..
"Hey Johnny, there's an upbeat venue called blah blah, got great reviews, and I'd
like to ruin it's reputation with you. What you doing wednesday or thursday 7pm?"
Now if he doesn't bother....move on.
Don't waste your time with him.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy feel when the girl that he likes teases him about
liking a certain girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. If he's a guy who is experienced, like me, I'll think she's
trying that misdirect nonsense, play hard to get dumb trick and I'll say, "Yeah,
you're right I would bang her."
Then walk oﬀ smiling.
If it's another guy who has no conﬁdence and needs her validation, he probably
think she's not interested in him. He'll probably say nothing or smile, but dying
inside as his insides is about to explode.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I ﬁnally told my crush that I liked her, but she said it was a bad
idea and that I should not like her because she is a bad person.
what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She's saying you're too much of a nice guy, not the type of guy she would date,
because she cannot be the woman she desires to with a serious, romantic nice
guy. That is why you don't approach and tell a girl you like her, getting all serious.
You ﬂirt, remove awkwardiness, and show her she can be the woman, a sexual
woman, not fearful of being judged as being too easy, a slut, a whore. But since
you're a nice guy, and seen maybe you is too serious, she knows she can't be the
fun, let it go kind of girl.
It's her letting you...down easy but...also keepoing you close for social status, for a
guy to hang around her and you probably will. Nice guys usually do...in
hope....the girl falls for them.
Don't bank on it. Move on.
UPDATE
See comment belows. From the comment below I see a closer detail of the
problem. Moved far too slow. It's one of the most common mistakes guys make.
Playing it safe, ﬂirting too much and not leading to the date. If it was faster, one
could have screened out the girl just in case all she wanted was attention,
validation rather than genuinely interested in the guy.

Also attraction doesn't last long. It's infatuation and so the escalation window is
very small. If a guy doesn't lead soon enough, she will lose interest.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys check out girls in the gym?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The real deal...
She has one of the most amazing ass I have ever seen, so does she and
her, and her, and oh shit, look at her ass too.
She has great tits. Mmmmmm.
I wonder if she knows how to do the splits for sex.
Yoga pants and ass. Oh yes please.
The curves on her.
But if interviewed for a job or magazine...
She has great technique when doing squats
See how she tightens her buttocks when doing leg curls. That's how you
do it to strengthen this and this part of the glutes. Don't just lift, focus in
tighten the areas to activitate the muscle parts.
She has great V Shape.
The way she runs on the running machine tells me she's a pro athelete.
Watch and...learn. See her posture. She could past as the the next Six
Million Dollar Woman if they do a remake.
She has her unique style when doing cable ﬂies for chest
Her gym clothes must be made from incredible sophisticated material
And "I wasn't looking. Seriously. I wasn't looking. I was daydreaming."
Before someone starts, let me make it easier...
Shallow, sexiest, jerk, asshole, player, pervert, have already been used in other
comments under my answers.
So be a bit more creative. Cheers.
Right... I'm heading to the......Gym ;)
30.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you cope with a girlfriend who keeps comparing you
with the richer boyfriends of her other friends even after you
have lost your job?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't cope because coping also suggests victim mentality that I don't have other
alternatives...other choices.
Here's what I would do:
If a woman I'm dating does anything I don't like, within reason.
1. IMMEDIATELY I have a conversation with her. I don't ignore it and
wonder what to do because I put a woman before my own self respect.
2. When I bring it up immediatley...I let her know how I feel and I want it to
stop. I communicate my feelings to her on why she needs to stop.

3. If she continues again. It's over.
Now she can go and date those so called rich guys to buy her all those rich things,
and stay out of my awesome life.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Could you cope with the price of fame?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I won't bitch about it at all and make it about myself. Instead, I have this
plan. That if ever I become famous, I am going to use it to help people I know and
meet. Like people who go business, got talent, and people who don't believe in
themselves but got some skills. Or people who think they nobody and no one
gives a shit.
And move media to stuﬀ mainstream avoid talking about. I don't know what but
I'm sure I'll ﬁnd a lot when I am focused on it.
If people say yes for wanting me to shine it on them.....then move all of to them
sorted! I'll move customers to them, move opportunities for them to get jobs, get
those talents discovered etc.
I won't cope. I won't need to because it won't be about myself.
I'd be able to do it because I'm older, had hard life, know what is real so my feet
will be on solid ground. I won't let it get to my head.
454 Views · View Upvoters

What are the good topics to talk to a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't need topics to boost conversation skills. You need to get some skills for
real. You don't look for some topic and think walla, you now going to boost your
conversational skills.
What are you going to do when you run out of it topics?
Conversational skills takes experience. Go and socialise with people because
people who don't have this skill only gave a damn about themselves.
So start socialising, start giving to people, take interest in people, and you will
learn conversational skills like....Bridging, deep diving and a host of others
techniques but these techniques needs you...to do something.
It's called get oﬀ your ass and go and live.
Topics. Meh. They ain't going to help you arouse a girl, trigger her emotions and
ﬁre up her imagination.
Get reading some books on social skills, conversation skills and do a lot more
giving in this world. Talk to people, mingle, give more. Listen, use what they
share, ﬂip it with your story but make it about them.
That's how I got good at conversational skills.
You don't need topics.
You need to socialise, take interest in people, listen more....and give more.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

If the most beautiful girl in the world came up to you and asked
you for a date, what would you say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would say...
"You know, beauty is very common. It's in their genes. Many guys just fall for a
woman's looks but I like to know more aboout you ﬁrst. So what are the three best
traites about you that would get a man interested in you? I like to know more about
you before I say yes."
Then if I like what she says, if I feel there's more than her good looks, we'll take it
from there.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Can a man tell if a girl is interested in him or likes him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can see it now. I am with my friend and a woman does the hints stuﬀ. It will
generally pan out like this....
Me - She's not even smiling man
Friend - Probably a staring contest
Me - Maybe a Psycho
Friend - Nah, she must be looking right past you
Me - Oh look she's ﬂicking her hair
Friend - Probably got dandruﬀ
Me - Or some skin complex, you know, diabetes can make you itch
Friend - You know my dad has diabetes. You're right, he does scratch his arm a lot
Me - There we go. Now we got the eye ﬂuttering going on
Friend - Do they think this is atrractive?
Me - Oh it is when done right. But way she's dong it, scares the shit out of me
Friend - why?
Me - She ain't even smiling.
Friend - You think we should walk over to help her
Me - With what? Her diabetes?
Friend - Hey that be a great pick up line you know?
Me - Hi, I just come over to ask if you got Diabetes and by the way you're
attractive
Friend - Hahahaha. That's tea talking. You drink too much tea man.
Me - Well, tea don't get me drunk
Friend - You don't even drink in Night Clubs
Me - Yeah but come on man. I'm hyper as it is
Friend - That's true. Oh...she's walked away. Do you think she was ﬂirting?
Me - Got no idea mate. She didn't walk over to say hi, so how should I know.

You now know the answer.
It goes way over our heads if it's hints, too subtle. Personally, I prefer woman just
walk over and say hi.
12.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is telling someone you have feelings for them worth it, even if
they tell you that they don't feel the same?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Apr 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean..
"I ...I....LOVE YOU! I have always thought of you and you make me go crazy just
thinking of you. And...my heart goes BOOM BOOM BOOM just seeing you. I am in
love with you. I need you in my life. You are the sun and I am the moon. You are
the tea pot and I am the tea in the tea pot. You are the pages in a book and I am
the words..You are the one....my soul mate....I...love you."
Then no. I know, its extreme but you get the idea.
Now if you said..
"When I ﬁrst met you, I wasn't sure but as time went by I have grown attracted to
you. I was thinking if you'd like to go out for a drink together, this week?"
Then yes.
Go for it and see how it goes. If yes, then make sure to sort out day and time. You
don't want to get too excited and forget to do that ;)
11.5k Views · View Upvoters

Imagine you are on a date. Suddenly the other person starts
acting like you normally act on a date. How do you feel about
that person?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Interesting. You mean, if I was on a date, and I meet her me face to face, smiles,
embraces me, kisses me, ﬂirts, holds my hand... sexualizes like I do with words,
we have fun playing games as we walk......and takes my hand.
Then we walk together as she grabs my arm, smiles and we have fun talking and
laughing...
Then we stop and we kiss again, and she puts her arms around my waiste and
tells me about herself, and I tell her about myself, and she says she's feel so damn
hot and aroused, and if I'd like to go to her place.
And we do, and immediately she pins me to the wall and it's full on sex, and when
done, we do more sex, and when that's over, we get some food, have shower and
have sex there too.
Then she says, she likes to meet again, and she knows this great place she hasn't
been too, and also the gallery she always wanted to see but was a little
embarassed to go on her own, and also there's a place where all these performers
are out on Wednedays, Friday and Saturday, and so we agree.
And we meet again, and we go to these places, and again...we kiss, hold hands, as
she stares at those paintings I have no damn clue what I'm looking
at...BUT...pretend I know and explain some dumb story.
Then she tells me the real story and we laugh.
As she lay her head on my shoulders and tells me she feels amazing and
wondered if I like to go to her place....and we do...and we have sex on settee,...on
the ﬂoor, in the shower.
And she has to order a new bed to replace the one we broke ;)
How would I feel?
I'd feel......Amazing
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a man asks you on a date, is it okay to say yes immediately?
Does this give the impression that you're easy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I understand. You're asking because you did just that, and said yes. Then this
guy later wasn't interested.
That doesn't mean you're desperate, needy or clingy to say yes immediately.
Don't change because of some guy who did that.
Everyone isn't the same. If a guy approaches you and you like the guy, say yes
immediately. If he messes up, that's not your fault. He has issues himself and has
nothing to do with you saying yes immediately.
Don't let this put you oﬀ.
There are many guys who will respect your conﬁdence, how you make it easier for
a man to get to date and know you. It makes a helluva lot of diﬀerence to the guy
who is seriously into you.
I have dated women who said YES immediately and believe me, I have a lot of
respect for them. Not once did they play hard to get. They made the experience
amazing because of this.
Those who did play hard to get or didn't answer immediately...., I didn't want to
date them because I like a woman who is decisive, secure about herself. I like
women don't project negative past outcomes and negative relationships
experiences onto me.
Unfortunately, it's something most men/women do.
So keep saying yes immediately.
Don't let such incidents put you oﬀ.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys start ignoring girls after showing all the signs he
likes her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It happens because....
1. The girl doesn't make the move on him.
2. She doesn't show clear intention back to him.
3. She's too slow in letting him know she likes him too. Many girls are like
that. They like a guy but won't say so. Big mistake. What's the point if you
like a guy.
4. Said some negative stuﬀ. Talked about past relationship. Hinted she has
lot of baggage, lot of challenges if ever he wants to see her and date her.
Yes, these do matter.
5. She keeps talking about some crush
6. She doesn't give a shit only when it's to do with talking about her crush.
So anytime she talks, text, messages...it's not to give value. It's to take by
talking about some ex or a crush.
7. She said she knows a guy are interested in her "to his face" or he heard
her say it. This in turn means this to a guy, "I know you like me but it
ain't going to happen." Even if she didn't mean it that way, it would
probaly hurt the guy or turn him oﬀ. He does and stops immediately.

8. He saw something he didn't like. That happened to me once. I liked a girl
but then she did something that turned me oﬀ. Playing hard to get is one
of them. Telling me she's hard to get. So I walked away and moved on. I
also block girls who talk about their ex and crushes. Can't be bothered
with all that talk. Honestly, life is too short.
9. He is doing what girls do themselves...ﬂirt because of boredom, for fun
and to show oﬀ to their mates ;)
10. He fears rejection
11. He gets frustrated to follow through and quits
It could be many things but...if the girl is seriously interested in the guy then she
can approach him too and ask him out.
Very rare but if it happens and it happens to me....I have a lot of respect for her
because I know how much courage it too. She pushed her own fears aside to tell
me she likes me. That's unique and attractive.
180.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell my crush I like him when his friend said he liked
someone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to share with you something to avoid doing.
Never listen to friends about who likes who. Don't ever do that. People are selﬁsh
at times and have their own agenda's.
Also never tell a friend you like someone to get some validation.
You might ﬁnd you're friend isn't a friend at all...and stabs you in the back...and
kaboom. Now you ﬁnd your friend chasing the same person you like.
So be smart when it comes to these things.
If you like someone, doesn't matter what someone else says, go and approach. Go
and hear it from the horses mouth not some friend of theirs.
Just be fun, light hearted, not serious with talk about love and all that. Just
approach, socialise, make them see what they'll miss if they don't go for it. When
you're done ﬂirting, conversing then ask the person out.
I remember this happened and it went like this...
Their friend - She likes someone else
Me - Whatever man.
I approached and asked her, and she said.."YES."
I found their friend was jelous of their OWN friend!
So much for her friend who said she like someone else. That was an experience
years ago. So don't listen to people, even their friends.
You just approach and ﬁnd out for yourself and even if it's true, it doesn't matter.
You didn't let it go because even if they like someone else, doesn't mean
something is going to happen.
And even if something does happen, it might not last.
This is about you...sowing the seeds in one's mind that you are available.

This is what most don't get. They worry so much about rejection and don't realise
things can change, people change, what they want in life can change.
So approach.
Forget what their friends said. None of their damn business anyway and should
have kept their mouth shut.
Charge forward. Just do it.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I drunk texted this girl " you are the only girl I care about." She
replied with "Thank you, remember to drink lots of water. What
does that mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because she knows what a hangover feels like.
That's why she replied...
"....drink lots of water.."
While food and water may ease some of the symptoms, they won't cure a
hangover.
The best way to avoid one is to moderate your drinking and have water between
alcoholic drinks. Remember, water won't make you any less drunk or protect your
liver though.
I don't drink alcohol, so I don't text women when...drunk or have hangovers ;)
11.9k Views · View Upvoters

I texted my ex 1 year after our breakup. I said that I had
completely forgotten our old things, wished him best success.
But he didn't reply, why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're asking this question because you did it to get some response. How do I
know? From your own words in the comment of one of the answers...
"I think a word such as " thank you" or " I wish you best things, too" can be
easily texted by him to reply me..."
You're not entitled to anything from him. He wasn't being rude.
If my ex text me a year later, I won't reply to her because I don't want her to get
any ideas I am still thinking about her and have hope.
So I won't answer.
I've moved on.
Don't text or do things because you have some expectations. To seek a response.
Like most women say to guys on here, we say same to women....
It doesn't entitle you to get a reply. Works both ways.
You do things because you want to and then you let it go.
That's called being sincere and genuine.
Look on Quora where this girl asked her boyfriend what he rate her and he told
her truth. He rated her as 7.

She got all upset because she was playing some game.
Trying to ask to get a response she wanted. She was wrong. She was insecure not
the guy. He just answered the question.
Now she wanted to control the response.
She played a game and it burnt her but also messed it up now for their
relationship.
You cannot control people and it's best to avoid doing things for the sake of
response you desire. You do things because you really do care and if a person
does, they won't think why the ex didn't text back.
12.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Huyen Trang Pham

I can't stop thinking about this guy and I have been dreaming
about him for 2 weeks straight. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, we can state the obvious, "you like this guy," but I like to share with
you a diﬀerent perspective...
I come from a community ﬁlled with rules, traditions, customs and religions.
Many live a life always daydreaming and will never live the life they want. They
are comfortable, scared but for me it wasn't enough.
So when I saw what I wanted, I went for it and sure, it came with challenges,
consequences, discomfort but I will never look back regretting what I didn't do.
Sometimes I didn't get the girl and sometimes I did.
Sometimes I got the clients and sometimes I didn't. Sometimes I got a no from
companies and sometimes I got a yes.
I failed many a times but believed in going....through....pain and in doing so I
grew to know a lot about myself and became happier. Yes, happier, peaceful and
my life became amazing. It still is.
It is here where I like to take you on a journey in the hope you take what I am
saying to use for ALL parts of your life and not just when it comes to guys.
Introducing one of many movies I liked.
A remake of.....

++++++++++++++++ SPOILER ALERT +++++++++++++++++++++++
The movie is of a man, who always daydreamed even when he was at work..

He daydreamed of all the things he desires to do and sees himself doing them but
he always let his fears get in the way.
He always seemed to stay hidden in a dark corner of life called the comfort zone
and he didn't realise life around him was about to change.
Walter would sometimes sit or stand for his mind to suddenly go oﬀ on many
great adventures but it was always just him daydreaming..

He even fantasised about a woman he likes who works in the same place. He was
so close to her, he worked with her but he didn't take action.
Like most of us, we meet some people who like to tell us who we are, what we
can't achieve or make jokes at our expense. Walter also had such people and they
will remind of someone in your life too.
He wanted to stand up to them. He really did but something always stopped him.
He didn't live life yet. He did see the things he needed to see and experience the
things he needed to experience to him what I found in my life.
He didn't have that spark of courage......yet.
But one day, life throws a curve ball and he has to go on a journey.
When his job along with that of his co-worker are threatened, Walter takes action
in the real world embarking on a global journey that turns into an adventure.
He had to ﬁnd the man who took the photograph so he can get the negative.

Throughout his journey he becomes the man he fantasised about, doing the
things he daydreamed about with courage, bravery and that spirit of going for
what he wants.
When hes came back from his journey, he ﬁnds the negative for the photo has
always been with him, in a wallet the photographer sent to him as a gift.

But there is more.
He was afraid of the unknown and wanted certainty. The thing is, nothing is
certain in life. Except death and taxes ;)
To want to be certain is fear based.
It is to want to..control and when you want to control you will ﬁnd yourself afraid
because in controlling you seek a response you can't...control.
I discovered you cannot control response from the world and people.
You can only see life having many peaks and valleys....

We can't even control our emotions but we can focus our minds on the peaks to
let our emotions follow us....right up there.
Instead of thinking how someone, something or opportunity is out of our league.
We believe that if someone, something or opportunity can see us for who we are
then great. If not....their loss not ours.
And we think this way with compassion. It's ok they don't see who are because we
don't rely on response to feel love.

We already love ourselves. We just want to share this love to others who feel the
same way as we do. No one can complete us.
No one can make us whole. We do that ourselves.
Walter realised you can't control people and world. You sometimes have to move
on and leave some people behind. You cannot change the whole system but you
can impact lives, one at a time.
He knew he can never be certain what will happen when he take the step.
But he learnt from Cheryl that...
"Life is about courage and going into the unknown."
Sometimes it won't happen the way you want it to and if doesn't...don't worry.
Life is ﬁlled with many other paths and destinations.
The faster we do, the quicker we ﬁnd out the answer orto move on. The faster
we're back on the path to wherever it may takes us.
Thus, have a choice in deciding which eyes do we see through...
Fear or Courage...

It's a journey with many paths and with people you'll meet along the way. It's up
to you to ﬁgure out what these people mean to you.
You'll never know if you stay in the comfort zone.
Take the leap...

So we ﬁnd out he came back from his adventure and discovered the negative was
always with him....in the wallet the photographer sent to him as a gift.
He meets the woman he liked, takes action and they get together as lovers. As
they walk together they stop at newsagent stall ﬁlled with magazines.
He sees the cover of the magazine.
He sees what as on the negative..
It's of Walter Mitty looking at contact sheet of photos, with a message that he is
one of the many that made the magazine a success...

He thought no one saw him.
He thought no one noticed him.
But they did. One person did. The Photographer.
When asked if he is going to buy a copy.
He doesn't want one because he has lived a big life. He doesn't need a copy. He's
grown that far in his life.
His daydreaming...stopped.
It has done so because he took action, lived in the real world. He put all his
energy and focus in taking action.
He didn't put anymore time in building on an idea about a woman. He didn't
daydream he's a hero to impress her.

He became the man he needed to be so lives in the real world.
A man where he can achieve whatever he wants if he just goes for it. He learnt he
will face many challenges and it might not go the way he want it's to.
But he will get to where he needs to be.....whether the girl says yes or no.
He will live a big life and that's something no one, not even a woman, a man, a job
or anyone can take from him.
This is the reason why you cannot stop thinking about this guy and dreaming about
him. You are not taking action.
It's comfortable to think from a far, see from a far and do it all in your make belief
worl. However, that doesn't improve our lives if we don't take action.....

All of it is focused on continually building on the IDEA of him because that's
what it all is going to be for you.
An idea.
It's easy to do because you don't take risks.
You don't become open and vulnerable.
It doesn't come from facing your fears, rejections and challenges in the real
world. You just look and daydream...

That's why it's called...the comfort zone.
Now this is Hollywood and in real life you don't always get the guy or girl. Just
because we feel for someone doesn't mean the other person feels the same way.
Just because we don't change doesn't mean the other person is wrong if they
grow and change.
Love is never enough and it will never be.
Nor is there destiny of "soul mate" and "the one," but let's not digress from what
we can really learn from Walter.
Life is about courage and going into the unknown.
Daydreaming is comfortable but that is all it will ever be. It's not
courageous. Anyone can do it...anywhere but everyone isn't willing to be
courageous.
Anyone can buil more on the IDEA of someone or something. Brick by brick,
screen by screen, until it's a block buster movie.
However, it's not love.
Love takes two people and even love isn't enough.
It needs two people to feel the same...

It takes two people to do something about it for love to later grow. It takes action,
knowledge and other skills. Sometimes it takes pain because one person is
growing faster than the other.
Sometimes it takes a lot of compassion, empathy and there are times it takes one
to be bold and decisive. Sometimes it takes one to stand their ground lovingly

and have the balls to say what needs to be said.
Sometimes even walking away.
Sometimes it takes more than you expect when it comes to love. It is not the fairy
tales, myths, legends and all we thought it be.
It can be messy and in that mess both will ﬁnd who they truly are.

But it will never even get to this stage because if it's just a daydream.
You just daydream instead of taking the action because the pain is bigger than
pleasure. The comfort is easier to do.
You're avoiding the pain that might come from him rejecting you. You avoid
doing the actions to get an answer.
You avoid stepping into the unknown.
People do things for two reasons..
Avoiding pain or gaining pleasure. If the pain seems too big then we ratonalise
too avoid doing what is needed.
In doing so we learn nothing much.
Sure, you may not get what you want. Yes, he might reject you but you will lose
much more than you think.
You lose the lesson.

The lesson which you don't pick up will impact your life in ways you cannot
imagine. You'll daydream of other things too and you won't take the neccessary
actions because it's comfortable that way.
And what the mind is use to....it turns it into a pattern.
It becomes a habit and...habits are tenacious.
In going for it, the real amazing gift isn't whether someone gets the girl or the guy.
It is this wisdom I've discovered at an early age of 15 years old.
It's why I always went for many things in my life even when I failed sometimes. I
did because....
"What you'll regret most isn't the things you did do. Rather it be all the
things you didn't do."
It's about those things you so wish you did do but didn't. He will be one of these
things in your life you didn't do.
It's why I really like this song and especially this part of the movie out of many.
Here is for real going on an adventure but he's still scared, still making excuses,
still wondering to go back home.
But he imagines the woman he likes singing a song which tells him to get oﬀ
damn ass and dare to keep going on his adventure....run and jump in that
helicopter, and keep moving forward..

And when he did I was like, "YES!"
When Walter dared to leave the capsule.....he experienced and learnt what most
people wouldn't in two life times.
There are people like him on his planet.
It's why some people you will one day meet will have this spark of uniquiness and
diﬀernce. They have courage.
They don't fear standing out from society. They don't face rejections and they
ﬁght with all their worth against social norms, customs and traditions.
They are free and they know what they know not because of faith.
They don't need faith. They have...experience.
They have greater insight to see beyond what most people see.
They can write things in ways to inspire and from angles most struggle with. They
can come up with ideas with a snap of their ﬁngers.
They have dared to leave their capsule.
They live life, do whatever needs to be done even if they might face rejections.
They know something other people don't. They have experience.
They don't daydream as much as most people do.
So now you know and it's up to you...
You can keep staying in the comfort zone...which means you'll keep daydreaming
about this one guy and most things in your life. You'll keep building on an idea to
be bigger and amazing.
But it will always just be a fantasy.
Or you can step out of the comfort zone as the song says....
"This is Ground Control
to Major Tom
You've really made the grade
And the papers want to know whose shirts you wear
Now it's time to leave the capsule
if you dare."
Get inspired in stepping out with this song..

5.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why wouldn't my man who is in his 40s want the title of
boyfriend/girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason could be...
1. He likes his freedom and doesn't want exclusivity. He probably feels
those things are not like fairy tales, myths, legends of a far. And hasn't
the remote interest in such things. He's see it, lived it, done it and
probably doesn't give a shit about it. If so, he's the type of guy who to stay
open in dating other women in time to come. However, take note....it's
only been 2 months.
2. Most guys probably look for this long-term partner for the rest of their
life. They so easily to fall for someone and start imagining life with them.
Weeks and months haven't gone by and they do that. He's probably not
that type of guy and is mature enough to understand what makes a
relationship. It's only been.....2 months.
3. People too quick in want to get serious, labelling a relationship. He's 40,
he's gone full circle. He probably think such labels are just childish. He's
not a boy. He's a MAN.
He's seen people in and out of relationship. He's been with controlling
women, jelous women, possessive women, women who don't give a shit,
women who do give a shit and love but crazy as hell, and some who loved
him but didn't know how to show it. Then women who wanted to change
him. It's only been...2 months.
4. He probably heard all the talk of "I love you, I want you,. I will be with
you for always" and then see them fuck oﬀ with some guy. So he's not in
a rush. It's only been.....2 months.
5. He probably don't want someone starting banging labels, dictating some
role on him because right now, it is too soon to even think of being
exclusive. That takes time. It's only been.....2 months.
And all of the above could mean nothing because we don't know the guy and you
don't either as it's only been....2 months.
I personally don't like anyone assigning me some title like I'm some prize, trophy
or some symbol of status for someone else.
Whatever the case maybe.....2 months is a very short time to say one is exclusive
or they are not to themselves and to everyone else.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Asked a girl who I've told I like "Do I ever have a chance" on
Twitter dm's and she said IDK?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You never ask such questions to a girl.
Of course she's going to say I don't know. Girls don't like taking damn
responsibility in saying yes to dating, kissing, holding hands and even sex.

You're like some guy who walks into a battle ground with bow and arrow when
you're facing tanks. When you do what you did it creates awkwardiness. You don't
want to create awkwardiness when it comes to these things.
This is what we mean by leading.
You just let her know you have no options, you're desperate for her and you have
no conﬁdence in yourself. You also made her feel awkward because she isn't
going to say yes to you just like that. You got to ﬁrst great some vibe with her,
connection, arouse her, make her feel...
"He's diﬀerent. Exciting and I can see I'll enjoy going out with him."
Asking a girl "do I have a chance" is not really going to make her feel over the
moon is it. It's not going to make her feel the pull towards you.
Come on man. Read up. Learn. Prepare yourself.
If you like a girl, ﬁrst ﬂirt, tease, be conﬁdent and build that rapport fast. Make
her feel alive. Show her ﬁrst you're conﬁdence, personality and have fun ﬁrst.
Flirt mate, ﬂirt with conﬁdence not like some chump asking her if you're good
enough.
When a sales rep sells something, he ﬁrst gets them to feel what it be like before
he sells them the product. Think that way. Before asking anything for anyone to
do something...let them get a taste and you do it by ﬂirting, teasing, having fun,
for a little while to let them see something about you.
Getting their taste buds going, getting their feelings ignited, getting their
imagination buzzing.
When you make a girl feel amazing, alive, aroused, you won't need to ask such
questions. You just build that rappport to lead to texting, phone and lead to meet
up face to face.
People do things for two reasoms..
To avoid pain or to gain pleasure.
So the ﬁrst thing is not getting some. It's ﬁrst asking..
1. What state I want her to be in? Fun, aroused, emotions kicking, excited to
want to meet me, seeing her and feeling her saying it.
2. How do I do that so when I do ask her, she jumps for it?
But approaching a girl so meekly and not knowing how to get her in this state
isn't attractive. It's also not going to help if she hasn't felt or imagined what it feel
like to be with you.
Step back and learn how to do this things in an appealing and attractive manner.
Read up, learn and build on your conﬁdence.
291 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Owen Meikle

Your girlfriend ended the relationship now what do you do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The 10 Moving On Steps...
1. Don't be that guy talking about it to friends
2. Don't be that guy talking about it to girls.
3. Delete her number
4. Block her number

5. Block from facebook
6. Blcok on Instagram
7. And any other places too
8. Go out and socialise
9. Hit the Gym
10. Approach tons of girls
BONUS
You're going to look good and in no time, dating someone in no time if you want
to. The ex will hear you're looking damn good and you moved on so fast.
Realising you got some balls.
Say no when it happens and move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl says "I am not ready for a relationships right now"
does she mean "I am not ready for a relationship with you".
Should Give up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Richard, the worse thing you can do when it comes to people is taking
responsibility of whether they mean this or that. It's one of the most common
mistakes most guys make.
If a woman said to you she's not ready for a relationship, don't bother thinking if
it's not ready for you or not. Just move on.
It is either a Fuck Yes or a Fuck No
There is nothing in between. That way you're not going to waste your time on
anyone. They are not that important to waste time wondering this and that. They
are not because they didn't make you important to them.
So move on and don't waste your eﬀort, energy and time on this.
Also don't look for signals either. That's another mistake most guys make. Asking
why she don't text, why she looks at him in this way, what does it mean. It's a
waste of time. Move on.
45.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Shatz

My friend says her brother likes me. Should I believe her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Apr 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The real question is this..
What's the point of being friends with someone you don't trust?
Think about it.
If you don't know what a friend is then how are you going to even make a decision
based on what's important when it comes boyfriend stuﬀ?
And if her brother likes you, then he needs to have the balls to tell you himself.
Anything else and what someone else says doesn't really matter.
906 Views · View Upvoters

Do boys like it when a girl bites her lower lip?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Apr 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but it's not just biting the lips. There are other things:
1. The body language
2. Gives you the sensual eye contact
3. Her expression on her face
4. Looking down slightly
5. Looks up and again eye contact/facial expression/body language/hands/
6. Then the bite of her lips
7. As she looks at you in a way to say, "I want you!"
As you can see it's not just biting lips. Most women don't really know how to do it
right and just seems like she's just biting her lops.
23.5k Views · View Upvoters

I invited this girl out with friends. At the end of dinner, she half
jokingly asked if I wanted to pay for her meal. Do you only pay
for a girl's meal on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Classic. I had that done to me and it went like this..
Her - Don't you only pay for women you date?
You - Agreed but the next time, we both chip in (touched her hand, smiled and
asked for the bill)
Nothing much. It was just a drink at the bar. Then I said bye to my friends and
took hold of her hand and oﬀ we went.
Here's what you do now to take advantage of this. Use what she said as a Text
back humour...
"Hey, I know this great place called blah blah, has awesome reviews. I think we need
to ruin it's reputation and...I'm paying. ;) I'm good wednesday or thursday 7pm.
How about you?"
Now you're going to know.
Be direct that way. I have a rule. I don't look at what women say. I behave I am
into the woman and take action. Saves me a lot of headaches and you can move
on faster if they are not interested.
Let us know how it goes. Curious :D
Good luck, not that you need it.
66.4k Views · View Upvoters

This guy likes me but there might be problems what should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're probably 17 or 18 year old. If so, just be up front, sit with him and have a
chat calmly. Second if you are of this age, relax because you can be in a
relationship and it will be done, ﬁnished in weeks, month or a year.
Maybe it you date for longer but then it ends.

You don't know each other enough and haven't even dated to know you want
children with him anyway. However, do make sure he knows that you do want
children in future. At least he knows,
Just date for fun, enjoy life, don't look at it with children and all that.
747 Views · View Upvoters

I like a guy who recently joined Quora. Should I question him
anonymously, and get some idea about his ideologies on love?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated May 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just send him a message and don't hide your identity when you do. Say it
straight, and say why you do like him. Don't be afraid. Go for what you want but
also be reasonable. Don't mention "I love you" but tone it down in ﬁrst
interactions until you get to know each other.
Mention the traites you saw in his writing and it attracted you to him and you like
to know more about him.
I personally like a woman who is straight up and say it because not all guys going
to see your comment, lead you to private message.
He won't know.
So no signals.
No mixed messages.
Be direct because we can't see one's face when talking or body language. So you
got to be 100% clear when you contact.
Yes, we know Quora is not a dating site and it's policies etc cetre, chill for pete
sake. A cafe is not one either, a supermaul, the street, college, university isn't
either and nor is social gathering.
People connect and that's how it goes.
Human nature.
Go for it and be direct. No subtle signals.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it cruel for a girl to ask a guy to stay friends with her after she
told him that she has no romantic feelings for him? The girl
knows that the guy is secretly madly in love with her.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is really not that if it's cruel for a guy who is interested in her, to be
her friend. Nothing cruel about it.
But here's what guys need to step up on..
Find your balls. Stop being this nice guy and by nice I mean...a doormat. People
only take advantage of you if you let them.
Here's some steps..
1. Set boundaries. You're not some chauﬀer driving her about. She can get a
taxi, bus or tube train.
2. She got problems with guys, she can go back and sort it with those guys.
3. You're not her Therapist. She got some problems she goes and sees a
professional. Don't give solutions and trying to help her to impress her so

you can get into her pants.
4. Learn to say no. Do you give a shit how many guys chasing her, giving
her numbers blah blah? Don't be afraid to let her know you're not her
dumping ground for such stories. Do it politely and if she doesn't
stop...time to move on. No more contact with you.
5. You're not her delivery boy or a meal ticket.
6. You're busy so no talk on phone for hours and texting back and forth.
Start approaching other girls and forget this HOPE she will like you.
Enough of this already!
So set boundaries.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can I argue with an emotional Christian girlfriend ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got two choices...
1. Argue to try to prove you're right and she isn't. Then ﬁnd you both hurt
each other, create drama, say things that both can't take back. It creates
such a toxic environment that it chokes you both to drift apart, break up
to later ask people on Quora....
"OOooh I was so controlling, so trying to convince her that we broke
up. I miss her. I want to her back. What should I do?"
2. Don't argue about such matters. That's her belief. If you believe what you
believe and conﬁdent about it, so what she believes the Bible. As long
she isn't controlling and asking you to convert...and withholding
untimacy....and sex...and making her beliefs as a reason.
See what's more important.
Making her feel awesome, that whatever she believes doesn't intimidate
you. How? Just converse, have fun getting to know each other. Go out
together, go on dates for pete sake. Let it go. Then she will feel amazing
and so will you....
So much so....you will have to buy new beds every week ;)
675 Views · View Upvoters

When a guy breaks up with a girl he makes up all kinds of
excuses, is it possible for a guy to break a girls heart even if
deep down he loves her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, they can because love is not enough.
In fairy tales, myths, legends, movies, romance novels you see it's enough but in
the real world people have emotions. People have desires, fears, hopes and some
times people are back and forth sometimes.
We are human beings with our own imperfections, ﬂaws and so we do things out
of emotions, rationalise it with logic, inﬂuenced by memories, insecurities, past
relationships and other environment inﬂuences.
We make mistakes, we regret, we rejoice, we move forward and sometimes
backwards. We are human and not perfect.

We...grow...we change and we can fall out of love.
People can also say the words "I love you, I want you" so easily to ﬁnd it was just
due to the height of emotions, desires and feelings. Then when action is needed
they dissappear.
We can love someone but we just want to move on for whatever reasons
Yes I understand some people think love is enough but there needs to be a deep
connection which takes work, real communication, skill, knowledge, social and
relationship management, seduction to all sorts of experiences.
For example, I date more than one woman. The knowledge, skill and experience I
have to date multiple women is a lot. We've been dating for years. It took a long
time acquiring the knowledge and skill, as well as the experience.
All kinds of challenges are going to come and I found love is not not enough.
There needs to be more and it will take work from both sides. Sometimes you can
do as much as you can but still it's not enough.
The other person has deep rooted insecurities that resurface again and again. It is
why I abhor possessiveness and jelousy. I have seen these two destroy many
amazing relationships. All gone because someone wants to control out of fear
that they are not going to be loved. That they will lose the person.
Then when it happens they bitch, cry, why oh why the person left them. They
legft because they were choking. They couldn't breathe and had enough of an
adult treating another another like a child.
If a person loves someone but wants to leave, then love cannot stop that. People
change and love is just not enough.
That's the reality Vs the myths that love conquers all.
So yes, a person can be love someone deep down in their hearts but still leave for
many reasons.
It can due to drama.
Other can be possessiveness and jelousy.
It can be they arguing too much.
It can be he or she desires someone else.
Or that they just changed and have diﬀerent values. They are growing a part and
desire diﬀerent in life.
And some do not give a shit.
Yes you will meet such people. Psychopaths...Narcissts that see relationship as
nothing more but a stepping stone or some goal that has nothing to do with love
at all. Just manipulation and control.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn't want me to play soccer with my friends.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't fall for the controlling and manipulation when you say to her....you're going
and next time, don't ask permission either.
She'd probably say...

"You would go even when I said for you to not go. You don't love me blah blah."
Bullshit.
Be a Man. You don't ask permission, calling your girlfriend if you can go. You had
a life before you met her.
The problem is you let her have her way from day one.
You let her set some role that she can tell you what to do and where to hang out.
She must have saw you coming a mile away. You probably behaved in this manner
to treat you like some doormat from the begining.
And she has tested your frame out, slowly and surely until you she saw she can do
it. Until she saw she can say and do anything for you to follow beause..
"I just want her happy."
You mean you're scared....fearing to lose her. Fear of loss. This is how people get
you. When they know they got you by the balls they will treat you like shit, tell
you what to do and know you will follow.
Yes, she has been testing your frame from the beginning.
It started like this....
I don't like you hanging around friends too late. You complied.
I don't like going talking to so, so. You complied.
I don't don't want you to do talk to her. You complied.
I don't want you to... blah blah. You complied.
This lead to the following..
"No you're not going to play football."
You screwed up not her.
She did what she always has done. Demanding and you gave into her demands.
When she doesn't get what she wants she creates drama/
Drama is when a girl points negativity at you...
"This is your fault. You don't love me enough and you're like all the guys. If you
loved me you'd not go."
Drama is also the silent treatment.
They are controlling manipulation tactics and most guys who have no balls, who
put women on pedestal fall for such nonsense.
She has been doing this way before she met you.
She testred your frame in past and you failed to stand up for yourself. You let her
think she has some authority over your life. You let her think she can treat you
that way by fearing loss. Fearing she will dissappear.
Well now...it's football.
This is what I say to women who behave this way from day one...
"It seems to me you have a diﬀerent expectations about this relationship
than I do. You can behave that way with your ex-boyfriends but not with me.
I'm going out with my friends (or play football, or whatever)."
And if she acts with manipulation I let her go.

She's going to know for real what I am made of calmly. She can walk. Leave. She
can do that drama with someone else.
Usually they do leave but come back later on because they got bored with nice
guys who let them have their own way all the time. Who let them create drama
and fear woman will walk away.
Don't be afraid to show you have the balls to walk away and let her go. She needs
to learn that you're not like the rest of the guys who behave like doormats.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why she with him if she says she love me and want to have a
family with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you never believe what a person says but the actions that show true
committment. So you look for nothing except the present at where you are. So
let's look at the present shall we..
She is not with you
She's not dating you
She's not sleeping with you
And if so....anything else she says doesn't matter.
You are then the following:
A nice guy who gives her emotional support
Who spends his precious time listening to her sad stories and bullshit
Who is a STANDBY....so if all goes wrong in the relationship she's in, she
will make you believe you are the one...and move in with you. Or if
someone better comes along...she will go with him.
Or a guy she just dated for a while, but was still looking for the lover type
and so when he turned up...walla! She went for him.
You are not the only one. Probably has a farm somewhere, with a stable
ﬁlled with Nice Guys, orbiting around her, waiting and hoping she opens
her legs for them. If ever it doesn't work well with the guy...she will
choose one of those guys. Probably you....who thinks she so loves you.
In other words mate, move on or you be that STANDBY guy, where when she has
her fun, IF something goes wrong...she knows she can pull that dangling carrot of
hers...you know her PUSSY.....and you will come running to her.
And believe she...loves you.
You give her the attention that she still can get other guys chasing her. Then
when she gets turned on, aroused...she will go back and unleash all her emotions
on that guy...AND...have amazing sex.
Yes, I know. Harsh. Life is harsh. People can be too if you let them fuck you over
and that includes women and men.
Human nature.
If a person needs to feel power, validation, response...and...someone naive to give
that to then then they will use you.
But they cannot touch a man of self respect. He'll have boundaries and he won't
waste his time because he knows...

Love is not enough.
Understand this fast. Love is never enough, will never be enough, and cannot be
enough in this world of ours.
I learnt fast from aged 15 years old that love is not enough. It needs to be there but
if all you bank on is you have love for a woman to be with you...you mate are
going to be totally screwed in future.
She's with him because he excites her, probably sex is good, he 's not a nice guy
by that...he's not a doormat...someone she can walk all over. He makes her blood
rush all through her body...and he has traites she is into.
Who knows. No one knows.
But what you know and we know is....the present.
That she is with him, dating, him fucking him, and not you. That's all you need to
know to move on as fast as you can and not ask..
"WHY, why not me."
Because LOVE is not enough.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Are girls more attracted to conﬁdence or the look of a guy? I've
seen some couples where the girl is very attractive and the guy
is just average, and I'm asking myself, how? Is it because of his
conﬁdence? Maybe he's funny or rich?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Conﬁdence but not in the way most think. My apologies for the capitals. I could
use bold but wanted in a way to really home in what it is...
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to inﬂuence her to FEEL
AROUSED
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to inﬂuence her to FEEL EXCITED
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to ignite her imagination and
lead her imagination to FEEL and BELIEVE he will give her the most
amazing sexual experience not just sex.
Women can get sex from any man but sexual experience, understanding
her, connecting at a deeper level, respecting her, conversation is rich,
really enjoying to know her and she with the man, feeling safe,
comfortable, seeing how she sees her than just her looks, for her to feel
she can let go and feel safe....the sexual experience journey.
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to FEEL there is a CONNECTION
with him and FEEL it's MEANT TO BE
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to inﬂuence her to FEEL SAFE
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to inﬂuence her to FEEL SECURE
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill to make her to FEEL
COMFORTABLE
Conﬁdence in the knowledge and skill for her to FEEL...YES!
17.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why we believe that love is a magic ingredient that will make us
complete?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once upon a time there was a baby Eagle.
The farmer found it and so he believed could not ﬂy. He wrapped up to stay warm
and took it to his farm - and - got it to stay with the chicken.
It lived with the chicken, it eat with the chicken, he grew with the chicken and it
believed it was a chicken. None of the Chickens told him he was an Eagle but told
him he was Chicken.
Then one day a friend came by and saw this massive Eagle eating like a Chicken.
He said to the farmer.
"Hey, how come there's an Eagle in Chicken Yard?"
"Oh I found it and well, it doesn't ﬂy away. It believes it's a Chicken."
"But didn't you try at least to help it learn to ﬂy?"
As they talked an Eagle soared through the sky and all the Chickens looked up
and so did the men. So did the Eagle who thought it was a Chicken.
It felt something but it didn't know what it mean.
It was a feeling inside telling him something but the Eagle just on shrugged it oﬀ
and eat like the Chicken, while making sounds close to a Chicken.
The friend was saddened to see the Eagle this way and he asked his friend if he
could take it to help it ﬂy.
"But it won't ﬂy. It's believe it's a Chicken."
"Just let me try will you."
"Ok but you owe me a crate of beer if you can't."
"Done."
They spit on the handshake and he took the Eagle away with him.
The next morning he took the Eagle far into the Landscape. With the Eagle on his
Eagle he said..
"You're an Eagle my friend. Born to ﬂy free. Fly."
The Eagle was thrown into the air but landed by down again to the ground and
acted like a Chicken, clucked like a Chicken, moved it's feathers like a Chicken.
The man kept doing the same thing over and over again for a month.
Nothing could get the Eagle to ﬂy.
But one day on top of a mountain, he said to the Eagle..
"You are an Eagle. All that time you was programmed, conditioned to believe you
are an Chicken. You're a magniﬁcient creature of the wild. Born to ﬂy free through
this amazing sky. There is no nothing wrong being a Chicken but to see you as you
are....pains me so because I believe in freedom, and you are the symbol of freedom. I
wish I could help you and inspire you to ﬂy."
Just in that moment two Eagles soared through the sky.
The Eagle looked up and it felt something so deep that his wings began to spread
wide open. Courage began to grow inside the Eagle as he turned his head to the
man to give a nod.

With one leap he ﬂew and kept ﬂying high up and up it towards the great sky to
feel what freedom feels like.
It circled with the other Eagles and then it dived back down and ﬂew back onto
the man's gloved hand.
It was like he was saying thank you.
He stood there, looking at the man and spread it's wings and lept again to ﬂy. The
man watched until the Eagle was out of his sight.
Finally, the Eagle learnt who he really is.
The king of the sky. An Eagle.
He made the sound of freedom as he circled one last time to dissappear far
behind the great mountain peaks.
There are times when the man would be walking through the landscape to hear
the call of freedom.
He'd look up and he'd wonder, if it's the same Eagle.

We are born and we are socially conditioned and it doesn't stop at some certain
age. It continues and only when an individual desires to educate themselves do
they see the bigger picture about love.
Or they are exposed to people of wisdom or knowledge and their willingness to be
opened minded helps them to see much more than they did before.
Sometimes it is due to pain and so they look for answers. Through their journey
they are lead to the path of self discovery and the truth about love.
It leads us to ask a question...
What is social conditioning?
It is a process in which a person is being trained in society to respond to what is
approved by society and peer groups. It is a process of a message that is told time
and time again. Messages that penetrate the foundation of society. It runs through
society, family structure, education structure, norms, culture, customers and
ideologies.
So it's not easy to really see what is myth and what isn't at times.
Even truth can be a lie because it has been repeated many a times.
It has been represented and lead by status, by qualiﬁcations, mainstream media,
books and other mass tools. So much so, when many believe on such
myths....they think it must be true.
Our minds are hammered with parents telling us what relationship and love is.
We are bombarded with fairy tales stories, of love will ﬁx everything when love is
never enough. The myth that someone else will complete someone else.
Repetition through the cenuries makes it so believable.
That the other person makes us whole.
The story of love with cupid "soul mate", has been written, promoted, song about
through centuries. All telling how there is a soul mate somewhere and love is all
you need. Love conquers all.
Even Beatles sang "All We Need Is Love" but it didn't help them stay together.

We have seen people break up to date someone else, divource to marry someone
else to diﬀerent types of relationship like polygamy and open relationships etc.
we have seen people cheat.
Then we got stories like beauty and the beast, cinderella, sleeping beauty....all
promoting love is all you need through movies, romance novels to cultural,
religions, songs about love...which which has now become part of the structure of
society. It's also become an industry.
When the infatuation is over or when the "honey moon is over - and one thinks
love is enough then they will ﬁnd themselves in trouble.
You hear them say..
"I did love you but now...I'm not in love with you."
It wasn't love. It was infatuation and if it grows into love...it's never enough. The
work needed in any kind of relationship takes much more.
It needs knowledge and skills in communication, social skills, personality
knowledge to relationship management etc. It needs maturity, experience and
wisdom.
It needs a lot more than the fariy tales and legends like us to believe.
One day, you ﬁnd love isn't enough and you stop following the crowd regarding
how someone completes you.
How someone else makes you whole.
How love conquers all.
You become like an Eagle, spreading your wings, soaring high and to see the
bigger picture that's being played on society today.
241 Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a polyamorous man what he would like with our
connection when it's still so early on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, when I see questions like this and I don't just mean asking a
polygamourous man, but simialr questions with all types of relationships...you
can tell what's going on.
It's not really about how to ask but really it's this issue here...
Fear of loss.
You fear that you might just mess things up or someone takes it wrong way. It's
same with many questions on quora on how to ask, how to approach, what to say
and on and on it goes.
The need to control.
Got to make sure the response you get is what you want or at least it doesn't hurt,
or cause something else.
Let go of the control. It's ego and comes from fear.
I'm a guy who dates women, not just one woman and they all know. So if a woman
asks me, no problem. As long it's in English.
So if you were to ask then ask without fear of loss. Stop worrying about you'll
mess this up. I do same. I ask women and I'm even like..

"So what you're looking for, friend... fun relationship or serious
relationship?"
I don't fear loss. If she like gets uptight what I just asked and that includes a
friend I've known for years...I'm not going to take responsibility for their state of
mind. It sure won't be the last time some folks get the wrong end of stick and take
things so seriously.
If that person acts all up and awkward then I found out what I need to know
about their state of mind.
Also when someone does ask, it reveals to me theyare similar to me. They have
left that social mask and fear of how society or individuals see them as. I may say
I don't want anything but friendship but I'd respect this person.
So just ask. Let go of the control part and fear.
301 Views · View Upvoters

What are things that I should have done before I asked a girl to
be my girlfriend? I waited too long and she said that she only
sees me as a friend.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Apr 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same mistake you're doing now. Thinking she's the 'ONE'. Putting her on a
pedestal like she's a princess.
Let's look at what you could've done but with an understanding that even if you
did, she still could have said no.
Rejections will happen even if you approach immediately.
Lots of factors are at play and even the most skilled will get rejected by some
women. So have your feet on solid ground, be realistic as you we go down this list
below:
Always approach immediately
Sexualise indirectly in behaviour. Show true intent of attraction.
First approach light hearted, fun, ﬂirt
Get to see who she is by conversation
Don't ﬂirt too much as you do need to converse. So ﬂirt but then get
down to know a little about her for real.
Don't be serious and label it as a date nor a hangout
Build the rapport fast
Qualify her to show you got standards. So what she got the looks? Who
gives a shit. It's not like she worked for it. It's in the genes so say
something like...
"You know, good looks are so common and it's just genes. So I like to
know someone for more than their looks. What are the 3 things that
would make someone so interested to be with you and learn more of
about you?
If she doesn't answer...BYE, BYE. NEXT. That's one way I qualify. If a girl
cannot be bothered telling me why I should spend my time, eﬀort to
know her, then I'm moving on. It shows to me she ain't that interested to
tell me. I move on.
I also qualify by sexualisation and if she acts all uptight then that tells

me she is unavailable, she is also not compatible so I move on.
But if she does respond in a way that shows interest, answers your
questions, is sexualising indirectly with you....then I lead to the next
stage.
I ask her out by saying I she's someone to know and I like to take her out
for a drink and chill.
If it's a FUCK YES, sorted. Exchange numbers. Give her your mobile
phone to add her digits and she takes your number too.
If it is FUCK NO. Then move on.
If she's play hard to get, or whatever. I don't give a damn! I don't. That is
it. A no is a no and anything else, not my problem. I'm moving on to
some else. She can be the princess, the popular girl, famous or gorgeous.
I don't care. I won't even care asking questions about her on here either.
I'd move on. NEXT!
When texting...do so on that same day in evening. Don't ask her out yet.
Just be fun to build on the attraction. Do some super spy agent texting
game to. Or if she's a nurse, do some role playing that you're paiging her
and..
"Paiging Sarah. Come in Sarah. Zombies are invading the hospital. Your
assistance is needed."
This is why when you conversed with her you found out who she and
used it for what is known as Call Back Humour.
Keep it light hearted with text. Be fun. Role play as you're going to use it
to lead to a bait her out to meet up for a drink.
Don't spend too much time texting back and forth. Like hours. Like
weeks. Screw that nonsense. Why? You're not her pal. You have a reason
you got her number....
The goal of texting is build on attraction to lead to the date fast. So
through week back and forth, here and there, spread it and be fun with it.
Role play, make it exciting and engaging.
Don't say "date" but say "Hey there's a place I know...." Keep role playing
this to keep it fun.
Lead it to phone so you can have fun talking, role play about kissing,
holding hands and again...qualify some more by saying...
"My friend told me a story how people make it so awkward when they
meet. Like weirdos, never been on a date before, and they don't smile,
embrace, kiss each other when they meet and holds hands. I mean, what
is that all about. Like we are in 1950's. Weirdos. I hope you're not a
weirdo?"
Her - "No way. I believe that needs to happen."
Don't be afraid to qualify her like this or other ways to make sure she
knows how it's going to go when you meet. Get this done man. Don't play
safe or what you meeting for. Talk?
No resturant. No wining and dining. Walk. Talk. Maybe get a drink or
cafe. Forget spending tons of money. She can do that with friends or with
any guy. You are going to make her feel alive, amazing, arouse her mind,

make her feel special by getting her to talk about herself, make her laugh,
make her feel amazing.
Oh yeah....don't ever wait for one girl.
Make sure you approach many girls so you screen them out to get to the
girl who sees you for who you are...AND she doesn't play hard to get
games....AND says...YES!
There we go.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Victor Sport

Once I get to like a girl, I have a really hard time to get her out of
my head, even after months of no interaction. How do I solve
this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before I go into answering, let's ﬁrst explore what you can do for the future. You
see, failure is doing the same thing over and over again, and not learning from it.
Let's sort this one out ﬁrst.
Let's look at what really hurts...and yes, we know it's rejection but we need to go
deeper into this...
Intent. Make it clear immediately.
When you see a woman and you interact what is your intent? If you're
intent that you like her then you don't invest time, eﬀort and emotions to
such a level where you must ﬁrst evaluate if she is interested in you too.
Approach immediately with this intent being light hearted, fun to see
what she's like ﬁrst.
Investment of time. Invest less.
When you don't do that then what happens is you miss the most
important step called "screening." I screen, ﬁlter many women. I even
sexualize in my approach and tonality, words I say to ensure any woman
who is sexually insecure, isn't fun, has some pattern in her head about
men...will be pushed away.
You’re goal is not win women over. It’s not to impress. It is to quickly
determine who is not responsive or unavailable to move on fast. To see
who might be interested and force their hand to not play games with you
by being true and show intent. If she’s not moving…you move on.
And ﬁnally to move on fast to get to the women who say “YES,” faster.
I know what I want. I’m not apologetic about it as most men are. In doing
so, it ﬁlters woman I don't want fast and attracts women who are
compatible with me. Compatible is about a woman willing to invest in
me and is going to ﬂow with it without bullshit.
When I feel I like her personality too and not just her looks...and she's
engaging with me and not being bitchy....I now qualify her one more
time..
"You know, beauty is far too common. It's in some people's genes. They
haven’t worked for it. So what are 3 things that you can share about
yourself that would be make someone interested in you?"
If she doesn't share, I'm moving on. If she does, she is showing interest.
Now, I will ask her by saying I know a place I haven't yet checked out and

if she'd like to drink and chill." ~
If yes, we exchange numbers. So intent was clear and now I know and
she knows why I am investing some time but it's not over yet...as a
number is not a date.
Notice I am investing less.
I am not going to spend time with women who don’t respond,
unavailable, and I feel I just can’t get along with them. There is “what
should I do” questions. I know my strategy is clear.
Yes or No. That is it.
Emotional Investment
This enables me to also not invest my emotions too much on a woman. I
get to know the truth fast. I don't give a damn if I meet women who think
all men want sex and blah blah.
I don’t care if women think I’m a jerk, asshole, player. They can think
whatever. We’re not going to be meeting again. They are not important to
me and I’m not going to bother ﬁlling my head with why they think this
or that. I am not bothered if she will be amazing in future nor fear loss.
I am screening. I am ﬁltering out such women. They can go and rant on
some blog or somwhere else for all I care.
When I got her number, I text in a fun exciting way.
I use role play and I lead later to meeting up. If she doesn't engage, I have
other girls numbers and focus on one who does invest back.
It prevents investing time, eﬀort and emotion if they are not willing to put some
back themselves.
But if you're not doing this then when you don't get validated, accepted, then it
hits you hard. You've spent way too much time and emotions in building the idea
and later, much later...you approach to get rejected.
That’s why most guys ask “what shall I do?” I don’t. I have invested less.
So you needed to get rejected faster!
Don't fear it.
You want it to happen to screen out the women who are not interested in you in a
fast way. Rejection is your tool to ﬁlter out.
Picture this...
You helped a woman but you're intent is you like her. You help her, give her
knowledge and she beneﬁts. She keeps coming back for more and she gets more
help. You're giving her lots of time and emotional support.
Then you say something and she acts weird, she disrespects you, she changes
subject, she doesn’t listen to you. She talks down to you.
She banters in a shit way with you.
You get hurt, upset because you helped her, being nice, polite, considerate, gave
her so much time and this is what she does?!
She didn't do wrong.

When a man approaches women with this entitlement and thinks being nice,
polite, considerate is a way to attract women.... he will get hurt because he
invested time and emotions to get something back.
So make your intent clear from the start and screen them out without fear of loss.
It's important I shared this before giving the answer to your question or the same
pattern will repeat itself.
Change the way you approach by letting go of fear of loss.
Always invest less. You’re strategy is not to win a woman over. You’re not to seek
approval, acceptance and supplicate her.
You are enough. If she cannot see that…NEXT.
Now in regards to your position in the present:
I am not going to say go and date someone else because that doesn't solve the
problem but I will say, change the way you see what has happened.
Read this here..
How do you let go of negative experiences?
Here's a story...
A woman once told me this story. She's bisexual who I have helped to train to
attract women. One of my clients.
She walked into a bar and it's full of women. Lesbians and bisexual. So she goes to
bar and gets a drink. Instantly, women approaching her.
Yes, when women together the walls are down. You see touching, you see ﬂiting
in a huge way, you see ass grinding, you see kissing immediately, tongues out, tits
been caresssed, the lot.
None of this "oh guys only think about sex.”
These are women are proud of their sexuality, they don't give a damn about
socety so called social norms, traditions and labels.
But it is in an environment where they can be this way without all the bullshit out
in the world.
So....
She gets to know one woman and near the end she agrees to go home with her,
they kiss, embrace, laugh. They are going to leave a fuck eat other.
That’s right. It’s that obvious. Even when driving or walking together they say to
each other..
“So what are you looking for? Fun or serious relationship.”
Back to the story..
They are about to walk out of the venue.
But just when they do....she sees another woman, and she wish she waited!
She wished she waited but she goes home with her.
She's gutted because there is a woman, cute, blonde, curly ﬂowing hair, curves
that made her heart pace but she agreed to go home with the woman she's with
now.
Anyway she leaves with this woman and moment they are in the house, they are
all over each other. The clothes are oﬀ, they are kissing and fucking.

Next morning she wakes up, has breakfast with this woman and she receives a
text from a woman she wasn't into.
This woman who text, tells her of the blonde woman, cute face, curveous body
and ﬂowing curl hair.
She asked what happened?
"Oh she was so drunk and nothing happened."
Suddenly the feeling for this woman and dissappointment dissappears. The
image she had of her just fades away.
What you see and fall for is the IDEA of the woman.
Even if you spent a life time with them, you probably won't see their ﬂaws. So you
think about all the amazing and wonderful things that could have happen.
The more you invest the more the idea grows.
So don't invest much before screening and take time to see it in a diﬀerent
positive perspective way. Realise, you lose nothing.
How do you let go of negative experiences?
Challenge the irrational thinking and the invisible emotions.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says you are like my brother?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means the following..
1. You focused far too much in facts, ﬁgures, details and commonality talk
2. That you spent so much time with her like a platonic friend
3. That you invested too much in her that you made her far too comfortable
4. So comfortable that she does not see any attraction with you
5. That the comfort is like being with a platonic friend,. like a brother, like
her girlfriends, who she will never date.
6. And she probably sensed that maybe you're falling for her so she repeats
it again and again, to make sure you don't see her in such a romantic
way. You know "just in case" you do.
And therefore, if she was a girl you liked, you screwed up because you did what
most typical guys do.
Didn't approach her in the beginning to say you're attracted to her
And if she's not interested, at least you found out earlier and walked
away instead of pining for her that she "is the one."
Invested far too much time, eﬀort and emotions
Probably text back and forth a lot...and hanged out together a lot
To get close to her in the hope she likes you
Let her talk about her problems to you like you're her therapist
Let her behave like she's some helpless princess for you to listen to and
solve
Until she was so comfortable for you, attraction if any there was, is dead.
She now doesn't want to lose the emotional support you gave

And felt that maybe you are falling for her so she had to make sure to tell
you where she stands and where you stand.
She said it even if you didn't bring it up. Call it women intuition. Call it a
pattern they saw in other guys who spend lots of time with women and
then fall for them and women don't want to date such guys. It's too
comfortable, not exciting and well...why would she date the guy when
she gets all the time...emotional support for..free from a guy? She can do
that and wait....until she's ready for maybe marriage and....ﬁnd someone
new...
When she wants to date a guy, she imagines it to be like Bollywood,
Hollywood, Romance novels...he approaches with conﬁdence, sweeps
her oﬀ her feet and not try to ﬁrst be her friend.
You know the heart pumping, the blood rushing, the emotions ﬁring and fantasy
imagination ﬂowing. The new exciting, free, diﬀerent and not the normal, usual
routine she has got use to with other guys.
Many, many girls hang around guys but none of these guys will ever date her and
come close. They just guys to her, friends..or brothers.
That's what it means when a girl says to you, you're like her brother if...you are
talking about a girl...you like AND...attracted too..AND...was trying to build up
conﬁdence ask her out.
So, if she has 2 brothers or 3.....you're her 4th.
61.7k Views · View Upvoters

Psychology: Why am I always attracted to relationships that
can't work and leave the good guys who try to take care of me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're demonstrating a type of ego state. The parent ego state. You know how
parent wants to get their son to grow up way they want him too, nurture,
comform and they see he got ﬂaws.
So you got to ﬁx him and the guys you was with didn't need ﬁxing.
You behave like a mother/parent.
This is then parent ego state.
Nurturing
Controlling
It's like there is no other purpose, no dreams. no goals, but this emptiness to ﬁll
and to do so....it needs drama.
The Ego Parent State is when you become controlling as a parent. It invites the
other person into a Child state.
As a parent you want to create truth for the "child" to conform with you're
demands. Your perception on how you see the world.
You approach like the man is a child. A child who you think isn't self aware. Oh
but he's very self aware what's going happening.
It's going to backﬁre.
Here comes the bad boy who women think is a child, who isn't self aware
and most women will try to act like a Parent...

Let's say I am that guy. The guy you see you want to ﬁx.
You see me, you see many ﬂaws, you see a challenge.
So you come to try and ﬁx me and I'm saying to you straight, I'm saying to you
from day one, from beginning, in way I behave, way I dress, way I sexualise in my
talk, approach etc...
"Hey girl, you cannot ﬁx me. Take your religious talk, social norms, your thinking
of how you can make me into a good man where it belongs. There is no good man
or bad man, but the MAN you trust, know 100% who he is and I KNOW who I am,
and know what I want and I am not apologetic of what I want. So if I say I love
pussy, tits, ass, life of adventure I don't care if you and world judge me. You can
all go and fuck yourself, and burn....
....like if you know a man out there who cheats and you embrace him....then know
he knows who he is and you know too. You decided to be with this guy and so,
don't complain and bitch when he cheats again. You knew who he is. Now, do you
still want to be with me, a guy who loves women, who dates diﬀerent women
because I won't change? Not for you or anyone else.."
And what you know?
You're still with me but for the wrong reasons.
You don't accept me for who I am. You have this plan to ﬁx me. Try to get me to
conform to your ideals regarding marriage, fear with STD talk, and work hard to
try to ﬁx me I'll be a good boy, a good husband, a nice man.
That ideal man.
You create drama with jelousy and posessivenes. You aim negativity at me with
your silent treatment. Yes, I know all the tricks, all the moves. I'm the bad boy
who knows women's minds and know what's going to happen if..she...tries to ﬁx
me. I've been there so many times.
I know the pattern. Know it so well.
You knew I am wild and free, and cannot be tamed.
You're not with me because you understand this man, embrace who he is, and
love him for who is.
No. You are with this man because your life is boring, the men you date are
boring compared to thn exciting, romantic, adventure in the DISNEY and
HOLLYWOOD and ROMANCE novels.
But the moment you stay with me, is the moment you realise you cannot ﬁx me,
cannot control me and so..... you create more drama.
However, I'm not some nice guy who will bend at your will due to fear of loss. You
say you will leave and he replies, as I will....
"LEAVE. There's the damn door. Leave. Bye!"
I won't have any problems dialing phone and call other women. I move on so
damn fast to wonder what kind of heartless bastard I am but I'm not heartless.
This is who I am. The bad boy and you knew it so.
You expect me to chance and try so hard to convince you to stay.
I don't.
While the other guys will pine, cry, bitch, text you tons, tell you how you are the
love of their life. The chase begins.

Drama. Making the medicore life exciting.
Like Disney. Like Hollywood movies. Like the gossip columns and the romance
novels that gets your blood pumping, emotions going, heart pounding and hair at
the back of your neck standing.
Oh yeah. Now we got something cooking here.
It's called a....challenge.
So when you see you cannot ﬁx this type of man...well...you go back to the other
type of guys. Then when you start wanting to be mummy again, you can't help it
but to start doing it all over again.
You go looking for such a guy like me and try to ﬁx.
I have met many women like that.
They think their intellectual debate, feminist talk, their overbearing stories and
logic is something I give a shit about. I don't. I don't care. It doesn't interest me in
the least. It bores the heck out of me.
They can go and march the street and rant all day in my comment box or write a
blog on how I'm a worthless shit. It doesn't stop me getting laid and doing what I
want in the way I want. I'm a bad boy! I follow my rules. My terms.
Then when they can't ﬁx a guy like me, when they failed, when they didn't get
what they want then they start saying...
"All men just want sex. All men are bastards. All men just use me. All men care is
about my ass, body, tits and not me. Why do I attract such men. How can I reduce
the size of my ass and tits. Why cannot attract the nice guy instead of these
players, their bad boys, their assholes...."
Because you don't attract what you want.
You attract....who...you...are.
A woman who desires a challenge but you need to focus this, harness it and
channel it somewhere else.
How about a purpose in life. A talent, a thing that will always need developing,
ﬁxing and that will continously challenge you to grow for...yourself.
So don't look at men to ﬁx them.
The grass is greener on the side you water the most.
So be with man who you accept for all he is and not because he's a challenge and
someone to ﬁx.
Think about it.
Look deep inside yourself.
Read books about this and you see more of yourself and you can then grow in
such an amazing way, you be with a man or men, who don't need ﬁxing
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should I confess my feeling for him because I know he can't
reciprocate atm and it will break my heart ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The moment someone isn't truly open to you and you found out he's dating
someone else, something he hid like that....it's time to move on. Look. I date
diﬀerent women and I always, always make sure the women I meet know this too,
if I want something more. That way all started in an honest way.
So he started with you by....cheating.
Now imagine if you was the other girl, that girlfriend and he did that to you? One
day you ﬁnd out he went on holiday, slept with a girl when there was no
agreement between you both about open relationships. That you can see other
people, date and have sex with other people.
It would hurt. The trust is gone.
There is a trust factor here and also he's now moved away from country you're in.
It's not going to suddenly blossom. You sure you want to put a lot of work in
someone who didn't even open up to tell you where he stands?
That he has a girlfriend already?
I think it be loss eﬀort and time when you can ﬁnd someone who is honest with
you from day one.
3 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Linh Linh

Why would a guy not want to meet a girl's parents?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There's not much details there. Is it the girl can't date until the guy goes to
parents to ask for permission? That he has to comit to long term relationship or
marriage before even dating the girl?
So something is not right because...
He's ONLY just expressed an interest in dating the woman.
The dating hasn't happened.
It sounds like the woman in question is already pre-framing him as some
potential long term relationship, marriage, kids etc in her head....when she hasn't
even dated him yet.
Even if she knows him as a good friend....it's too soon.
She needs to slow down. Take her time. Try to be bring a mature perspective in
life and how serious relationships happen.
It's far too soon for meeting parents.
He is saying that is what he's looking for in life and so he has shared that with you
but he doesn't know entirely who the girl is going to be.
Even if he dates the girl, it doesn't mean that this is a decision of a long term
relationship plan and marriage etc. There is a diﬀerence between starting and
planning a relationship together.
Think of it this way...
He doesn't know her that well enough and haven't dated.
There hasn't been a time span for him to see it be her.
They both haven't been intimate and sexually intimate.
They both haven't yet gone past a honymoon period.

He hasn't seen her as a whole, getting to know her at that level to know
she be the one he wants a relationship with.
If he met the parents right now it is him saying, yes to marriage, being
part of the family, saying he is really serious but you mentioned "clearly
expressed interest in dating.." so they both haven't even dated yet!
14.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some scientiﬁc facts about anything that you could
use to impress girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes it's good to share some common sense but the problem is...you need
to understand why. You mentioned one word "facts." Let's also include ﬁgures,
details and content.
Now take a look at the image below..

The grey area is the conscious mind. See how small it is. It only cares about
consuming facts, ﬁgures, details, content. It's single tasking and cannot focus on
two things at once.
Time as well is diﬀerent in the conscious mind of a woman.
I will explain soon.
Now look at the big white area. That is the unconscious mind.
Do you see facts, ﬁgures, details, content in that big white area?
This is what so many guys miss. This is about feeling not facts. This is about
arousal not ﬁgures. This is about imagination not details.
You're talking about impressing a woman.
Why do you want impress her instead of....connecting deeply with her to ﬁre up
her emotions, arouse her and get her imagination ignited?
Why do you want to impress her when you can make her feel alive, her whole
body feeling the vibe and connect all these feelings and imagination with...you.
That you made her feel this way.
When attenton + arousal kick in and the = memory kicks into. Not all information
gets past the ﬁrst step of memory.
You have..
1. Sensory memory
2. Short Term
3. Long term
So if you don't arouse her, her emotions don't feel great, imaginations go wild
then the experience with you will decay fast. It ether be like a post it note in the
sensory memory or be in then short term memory for the mind to decide if it
decays or moves to the long term memory.
I know facts. Boring but I thought I'd share that part with you.
To be memorable, you need to get her feeling positive, aroused, and this opens up
to ﬁnd the experiences are now stored in the long-term memory.

If not, well, it decays easily and that is why the beginning is so important.
Attraction is fast. Infatuation is fast but it can also fade away.
You want to be memorable or you want her to think you're some boring guy who
is like everyone else, trying to impress her with facts?
That's what a lot of guys going to do.
So if you want to be remembered and stand out...then take note on the image
above carefully.
When you do it right then when she walks away or even sitting with you, she be
feeling...
"OMG! I have never felt this way with any guy. I can sense it with him. Like
we've known each other for years. He makes me feel excited, aroused and my
whole body tinglying. I can still feel the hair back of my neck and goosebump.
I got to see him again!"
But when you talk facts, ﬁgures, details, then it be diﬀerent.
She'd probably feel..
"He was a gentleman, so nice, and we had a good time. He even got a job
but...I just didn't sense it with him. It just didn't click with him. He's such a
nice guy but I feel it's best I call him or text and say let's be friends..."
So then the question isn't how to impress her.
The question isn't how to approach and talk to her.
It's not what ideas to have for dates.
It's not who pays blah blah.
It is knowing....
1. What state of mind do you want her to be in.
2. How do you get her to this state of mind
3. And where are you going to lead when it happens
Yes, she isn't going to lead. Most don't. You will still need balls to lead no matter
what you do.
So from the very the beginning of approach you need to apply such steps and
right through to dating, conversing...and intmacy whether same day or weeks,
whatever....you need to ﬁgure out how to get her in that state of mind.
For what?
For her to feel alive.
How?
To get her...talking about what makes her feel amazing because in doing so, you
will have informatin that arouses her, excites her to use to make a more rich
conversation rich.
You will also share about you but in a stortyelling way. You will engage her even
more because you know she's a visual...or an audio...or a feeling person. You will
really lisen and this is how listem.
You will know how to let her see more of your attractive qualities she cannot
know by just looking at you.
But done in an appealing and attractive manner.

So much so, she sees similarities in a way that it is not too wide and not too close.
Or she will see you as some platonic friend or someone she feels unsafe to be
with. It comes with experience.
Same with women.
If they don't know how to, then the guy will see her as a platonic friend and
nothing else. So if woman don't know how to approach, arouse, excite a man then
its be same too.
You will need to approach many women and learn how to do this. Getting an
aswer and think one answer, one book, one course is going to help you succeed is
not going to happen.
That's why on the right hand side you see a big box with..
Energy + eﬀort + engages the brain of your.
This helps you to get good at what you do. If you don't put consistent eﬀort and
energy then the unconscious won't know this is important to you.
However, the more consisten you are in learning and doing the the unconscous
mind realises what you're trying to do and why. It realises why it is so important
for you and begins to ﬁlter out, organises, and creates tools for you to ready.
Including what to remember when time come
Through time you gain Social Instinct.
It means....being able to approach individuals to group of people. You're skills are
sharp and you got conﬁdence that is real. You'll have the insight of how to behave
in diﬀerent environments and social dynamics. You'll know how to converse at
diﬀerent levels.
This is the reason why it's not about facts, ﬁgures, details.
You're missing a big piece of the process.
The unconscious mind.....attention.... arousal, memory....imagination.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it safe for arabs to visit France nowadays?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm Arab and I visit France, back and forth because I know lots of people there.
When I go there, I am treated with smiles, respect and warmth.
Have a lot of fun as I get invited to parties, barbecues and just people invited me
to join them. I have a lot of french friends there.
Going back there again because I write songs and sing (english), so it's going to be
a busy near the end of this year. Looking forward to it.
I enjoy most South France, so I'll probably be going there as I know lot of french
artists and we have a lot of amazing conversations. Very inspiring when I meet
them and we learn from each other.
So yes, it's safe.
726 Views · View Upvoters

How do you let go of negative experiences?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To let go.

To cut. To ampitate. To get rid.
Emotional barriars are very strong. They are invisible to someone who is
unwilling to rationalise, to face their fears and challenge the way they think. To
reﬂect until they get their head round it.
The thing is, this experience is not like some gum you chew and it got stuck on
your jacket for you to be able to peel it all oﬀ.
It will always be there.
It's not that you can remove it but rather you see it all in a diﬀerent perspective to
help you build a better life.
Now isn't that a refreshing way to look at it?
You take it, repackage it and sell it to your brain that this is a good thing, a lessoin
to help you grow and help you learn much more about yourself and life too.
I call it "BrainSells"
Let me explain:
When attention, memory and emotions are working then the experience you
went through, a painful one will be stored.
Now if it wasn't important to your survival, the information be go to the sensory
memory and...decay.
But because all your emotions were involved..the brain moved it past the
diﬀerent levels of memory and into your...Long-Term Mermory.
It became much more.
It became a....pattern. A routine. An internal dialogue running on autopilot
behind the scenes and dictating your feelings and...behaviour.
Now you can ﬁght it all you want but it will always be there.
It is like an empty glass of water...
Bang just a drop of black ink and stir. Thats you thinking negative about it. Bang
some more ink and stir. That's you thinking about it even more and the water is
getting murkier.
Now imagine years of adding drops of ink and the water is pitch black. Try now
pouring water into that and see how much water you got to pour in. Probably
more than what was in the glass in the ﬁrst place.
So when you try to open up and try to let go...your mind will feel resistence.
Immediately due to the approach you ate taking, the mind will spring into action,
cause you're feeling uncomfortable and give resistence.
Probably get you to eat something.
Probably shout, cry, curse, hate, get angry with someone else but all this is
temporary and only harms you....and other people too.
You also have thoughts like..
"If I become famous it will help me to let go."
"If I date a more attractive person, than my ex, it will help me let go."
"If I make more money and travel far away....it will help me let go."
The patterns in your uncoonscious are very clever. They will ﬁght back and come
up with all sorts of rationalisations.

You need to ﬁrst deal with the scripts in your head and thes scripts come from
three areas that cause people a lot of problems..
1. Fear
2. Love
3. anger/rage
Now I am going to come from a positive side instead of negative. I know people
like to think of some dark things about partners or boss, etc. However, I feel it is
counter-productive and yhere most be a diﬀerent way.
And there is and it is these I learnt years ago to apply.
Rage
You realise there is no point in trying to get revenge. So the script of "I will show
her/her" by being successful, blah blah. Instead see it in a way that we don't
always win in life but also....in losing we learn to see much more of who we are.
We look at the positive.
The amazing experience that we can see clearly, our instinct is sharper and this
time....we will know our values, ask the right questions. The wisdom of what we
have gained can help others and help us make better choices if we learn.
Love.
It is this that rules the hear and your mind. Why? It is due to the internal dialogue
of attachement. The moment you lose the hope of ever getting the person back or
revenge, of anything that is attached to seek response....it loosens attachement.
You learn to...fall out of love to one day fall in love but with experience/insights.
To help you even more, you look at the endless possibilities that are now open to
you to explore new relationships, new friends, new career, more time for your
passion, goals and a new amazing life.
Now that's exciting.
To detach and move forward to explore new relationships and opportunities. So
see it again from a positive side and practical too.
Fear
Fear if the unknown, fear of the future makes us hold onto the regrets, what we
know but what we know hasn't fully been realised. We have to leave more but we
cannot grow if we cling to what we know. We fear the uncertainty of the future.
We fear of failure and the fear of whether we will ﬁnd love again.
People fear that this is as good as it gets.
Instead, ﬂip it and see there is yet more to learn, that the unknown is an exciting
place and a world of endless possibilities to meet new people, build new
relationships, bond with new friends and lovers.
If we live to regret the past and fear the future, we lose the present. But if we live
in the present and charge foeward, we will ﬁnd the future is in our hands.
Therefore, if you want to let go, realise that you will need to face your fears,
challenge irrational thoughts, insecurities and face them head on but with a
positive attitude. See it all as a way to be stronger to forge yourself forward to a
new amazing life. A life with endless possibilities.

1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I know I can really love or care for the true love of my life.
Should I just wait for her or go out and explore?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question is vague and it seems to be one side. That you think that because
you feel you can REALLY love or care for someone....it's enough. That's fairytale,
Disney, Hollywood kind myths.
The other person has to feel the same way and also shows in behavior. If they
don't feel the same way and show it in their behaviour, then you're wasting your
time. They also need to show in a way that tells you they will respect you and by
giving fully without drama.
And what I am already seeing in drama and a lot of questions poppping in my
mind when I read your questions.
A question of maturity, understanding and wisdom...
Do you have something we don't, like some secret power that can control the
person's emotions, heart and mind to not fall for someone else?
Do you have some power that will stop them changing their minds?
No one does..
You want a job. The right one. Do you wait for it? If a companys say, "if you wait
for 5 months then you will probably get a chance," would you wait?
I know I won't. I'll be applying somewhere else.
If a woman said to me, wait for me for 4 years or I'll think about it, would I wait?
No, I won't wait. She cannot promise me that in 4 years she will suddenly run into
my arms and walla. That's Disney, hollywood movies, bollywood. That to me is
called Oneitis.
What is Oneitis?
"A belief, and set of actions and behaviors where a man does things out of fear of loss
to get one particular woman/man. The man/woman wait...and wait in the hope
this one particular person will feel the same at the expense of living their own life,
exploring life, pursuing other suitors.....and at the expense of their own
own....freedom and happiness. This mindset and behaviour always restricts the
individual freedom and damages their own happiness..."
Self love comes ﬁrst and that means self respect. One values their life, their time
and so, if the other person doesn't pull their weight, that's enough for me to not
even bother with them..
I don't believe in the "one" that's socially conditioned in society. The Disney
eﬀect, the Hollywood and Romance Novels where a man or woman waits for this
one person to be ready and then they are, and they ﬁnd each other and fall in
love. Where they sacriﬁce their life waiting.
Focus on yourself, go and live, don't wait for anyone and if someone else comes
along, there we go. But if you wait you don't learn, you don't grow, you don't
experience and you live in fear of loss.
It takes two to tango. If the other person doesn't feel same way or more - then
what's the point?
To act like some Knight? Martydom? To be some hero?
That love is about some great major sacriﬁce and love is all you need?

Go and live.
Life is living not waiting on opportunities or people.
I'm advising on best I can because the question is vague and doesn't really have
much details because if someone is the love of one's life, then what's the
problem? That means the other persion either don't know, or they rejected, or
they gave some reason which by the way most give to avoid awkwardiness. They
do it to keep friendship or to avoid saying...no.
Instead they say, "I'm not ready for a relationship yet."
I won't wait.
910 Views · View Upvoters

Can you share some of your own written poems?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Mar 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Can you share in comments your personal poems?

It's easy to fall on the waste side
Become invisible and just hide
It's easy to let the rising of the tide
Chip away the pain just from the outside
It's a easier road to go down to from the start
Hide the words you want to say from your heart
No one can see and no one will ever know
From the inside - you are falling apart
It’s not easy for you to let yourself go
If its easy – how will you ever know
That it’s easy to live under someone else's shadow
It’s easy to follow....the status quo
How will you ever know what love is
How will you ever know what love feels like
How will you know love when it arrives
When you’re following the status quo
Adam Taha 2016
529 Views · View Upvoters

Are muslim girls the most beautiful?
Adam Taha, See a human being instead of a label.
Answered Mar 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction depends on the indivdual. Every race, culture, have beautiful women.
I've traveled all over the world and there's beautiful woman I see wherever I go.
There are pretty, beautiful girls wherever you go but if you're limited staying
where you are or you're not sociable then you'll not wander from your comfort
zone.
I travel to Geneva and I see beautiful girls there. I ﬂy to Paris and again beautiful
girls there. Then I travel let's say England, and beautiful girls there.
Beauty in looks alone is dangerous because you don't know the person. You just
kind of fall for the mystery, the new, the attractive visual and you don't really
know about the person themselves for real.

Most see looks and suddenly fall for someone but they don't really know the
person for real. Then people date, or marry, whatever.... live together and that is
when they see much more....all this "the look, pretty" starts to fade away.
You get used to it and if all a person fell for is the look, the mystery, then they ﬁnd
themselves in trouble. They realise that what they desired was due to their own
insecurities, their own lack of experience in life and to ﬁll some void.
They also ﬁnd the person has issues of their own and love is not enough to
conquer. Love is not enough to help with challenges. It needs other qualities that
and much more than a person admiring someone for looks or traites.
Muslim women who practice the religion cover up and not because they
beautiful. Most are not as beautiful as you think in the fantasy of movies,
magazines, billboard. They cover up because that's their religion, what they
follow.
They are like all huma beings on this planet, some are attractive in looks and
some are not, some great to get along with, some a pain in then ass, some are
gentle, compassionate and others are psychopaths.
Human beings.
One aspect of attractive is called the Halo Eﬀect.
"The halo eﬀect is a type of cognitive bias in which our overall impression of
a person inﬂuences how we feel and think about his or her character.
Essentially, your overall impression of a person ("He is nice!"...such a
sweet...says he/she loves me...so charming...nice) impacts your evaluations
of that person's speciﬁc traits ("He is also smart!").
One great example of the halo eﬀect in action is our overall impression of
celebrities. Since we perceive them as attractive, successful, and often
likeable, we also tend to see them as intelligent, kind, and funny."
10.6k Views · View Upvoters

I have all the qualities that a girl looks for in a guy. Any girl I
have spent good time with wants to date a guy like me, but not
me. Where am I going wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can imagine a woman hearing this right now, or reading it, and shaking her head
as she thinks......
1. I respect everyone.
So? That doesn't entitle you to date women. So what if you respect
everyone. That's something you're suppose to do anyway. My friend
respects me, and he walks with me, sits with me but doesn't mean that
attracts me to him. You respect everyone for what? To get something? No
you don't respect everyone if you're doing it to get something back, like
getting in my pants and my pussy.
2. I am simple. I don't like to wear ultra fashionable clothing.
And? Is that suppose to mean something to me? That you're a leader or
someone who doesn't conform? So I follow fashion, what does that make
me then? Huh? Brain washed? A slut? Whore, too easy? Show oﬀ? Why
are you saying that anyway? You think this entitles you for me to give
you attention, to have you date me, to be intimate with me and to have
sex with me?
3. I am sweet and have a good sense of humour.
So? You think that entitles you to get my time, my attention? I'm not

really into the sweet, nice guy as the thing which captivates me. Nice is
what you need to be anyway. I can turn my head and see many nice guys
and who are sweet with some sense of humour. I can go to a bar and the
guy behind the bar is sweet and has a good sense of humour, but I won't
date him.
4. Girls keep saying, I will be a perfect boyfriend or a husband.
Maybe you didn't get the memo. When I say that to guys like yourself, I
mean....."I don't see you in this way. You're PERFECT and I am not
looking for PERFECT. I am actually saying, you're boring, you're so
predictable. You don't excite me. I don't see you as a lover but a platonic
friend. I'm sure you'd be a good husband and some doormat boyfriend
but not with me. I'm not looking to babysit anyone. I am into MEN who
got conﬁdence, balls, who excite me, gets my emotions wild and my
imagination ﬁred up. You don't do that for me.
I am not looking for some nice, platonic boyfriend or a husband. I am
into a man who can arouse my emotions, leads my imagation, make me
feel all tingly, because he gets it. He really does get ut but you think
being nice, simple, and all rest you mentions as the way to attract a
woman. It's not.
5. I'm caring
OMG! He used that? You're suppose to be caring anyway. This is about
attraction. So you're caring. Is that suppose to mean something to me? I
don't care about how caring you are until you know what I CARE ABOUT
and you don't. You're all talking about yourself. I...I...I..Me..Me..Me.
Nothing you said tells me you now anything about women. It's all about
you. That's the problem here. It's all about what you want and who you
are. What about ﬁguring out what ignites me, as a woman, as an
individual? What about knowing how to arouse me with your approach,
conversation, ignite my emotions and lead my imagination? Do you
know how to do that? Have you even spent time udnerstanding women,
the psychology at all?
6. I have a very good job.
You got a job for yourself! It has nothing to do with me. That's your life,
your asset. This is about how I FEEL. Not one single word have you
mentioned about me, as a woman, on how I FEEL. What gets me talking
about me? What ignites my emotions? What ﬁres up my imagination? Do
you even know? Of course not because you think facts, ﬁgures, details is
what attracts women! I am a WOMAN. I FEEL. I GET AROUSED not by
how you got a job, how you are caring, how you're nice, how you got
sense of humour. But how....you...make...ME...FEEL.~
You talking and behaving like a friend not a lover. Lovers make a woman
feel aroused, excited, amazing rush through her senses.
The reason you get the results you're getting, is you haven't got any experience in
women. You're inexperience, lack knowledge in connecting with them. The
details, facts, content in your details that you shared hits the conscious mind.
Their unconscious doesn't give a damn about these until...later on.
Right now, how you approach, how you behave, doesn't stimulate them. You're
mingling, approaching, talking, like.....a....platonic friend.
Not as a lover type.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that you'll never be able to ﬁnd a girlfriend if you are
unable to ﬁnd one by the time you graduate from university?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes because the same lesson the person didn't learn will be taken with them and
applied to the world wherever they are.
So if the person just hid away, making introvert/shy/ as reasons to be anti-social,
and didn't understand the environment they are in and build...meaningful
relationship, made tons of friends then of course they;ll get the same result out
there.
If they always stayed in the comfort zone and let their own fears consume
them....yes...they doomed.
Until that is...
The person realises it has got nothing to do whether they were unable to get a
girlfriend but rather didn't bother to get out of their comfort zone, learn the
knowledge, the social skills and build meaninful relationships.
I mean the question itself shows the lesson STILL hasn't been learnt because if
the person really did learn......they'd be devouring books on social skills,
conﬁdence, hire a coach, mingle with lots of people, guys and women.....do all
they can to be better at knowing how to project the attractive qualities instead of
thinking it just happens.
Most guys and girls focus on studies, and get good at the skill. Well it is the same
when it comes to dating. It's knowledge, it's a skill and it doesn't happen like
Disney....that the one appears and it just happens.
Because let's face it....
If I say to people who ask this questions to list what they did over the last 4 years
when it comes to dating, we'll ﬁnd they didn't do much or did all the wrong
moves, with a poor mindset, poor knowledge and very poor social skills.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I love a handicapped girl and want to marry her. But my
parents are against it. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son
Updated Mar 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stay patient. Whatever you do, be patient and strong. This will need time with
your parents. If you really want this then it will take communication. Lots of
communication and giving time for your parents to grow with open mindness.
Don't lose it. Don't go angry and all that.
Instead, soften their hearts by communication.
Let them talk and talk, and talk and talk. You listen. Let them talk and talk some
more. You listen. Then when they have....
Say, "I understand completely what you say about this and this, and this."
Bring all what they said up but not to pick at all they said but show you have
listened. Then say why you like her, why you love her, explain.
Now, if they still at it, don't go nuts. You need to give their hearts time. There is a
lot of culture, superstition maybe, diﬀerent thinking, diﬀerent background and
how your parents see the world and life.

There is a lot of things you got to do to prove you can stand on your own two feet
and you're determined that no matter...it's going to happen.
Such things cannot be changed so far with anger, arguing but rather calmness.
Lots of patience to ﬁrst win ONE heart.
Find which one to win. The mother or your dad. Then when you won one
heart...this one heart will try to win the other heart...for you.
There is a saying in business...
"Find out who makes the buying decisions.."
So be patient.
If you love the her then communicate with your parents, day to day. Be
responsible in your life. Be Indespendant ﬁnancially. Show them your man
enough and can stand on your two feet. This is will be of advantage to you
because there maybe a time when you will need to stand up for yourself.
But be patient as you keep communicating.
It will take time.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like conﬁdent girls more than shy girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I do prefer conﬁdent women and here's why...
Experience with women are not conﬁdent:
They are too shy to engage
They are one word text and phone
They don't communicate their feelings as much
Most don't show their emotions
Seems like they play hard but not really. Just shy.
It's awkward no matter how hard I try to engage
Doesn't ﬂirt and has no experience in it
Conversation boring and dies very quick
Too quiet. You want to pull your hair out or bang your head on wall
I lose interest fast.
Experience with Conﬁdent women
Conﬁdent women engage. They don't hide or stay quiet.
I feel it's a two way conversation, face to face, on phone and text
I feel the aﬀection with conﬁdent women
They show emotion which is important for me
Unafraid to ﬂirt and sexualise with words << big deal for me.
It's much more fun
It's not awkward
They have a lot to say which is great

So I have experience both and I just can't take it when a woman is too shy and not
conﬁdent. It does my head in. I need to talk and need her to talk as well. If all she
does is stay quiet and not say anything or her conversation with text and phone
isn't there...what's the use?
Deﬁnitetly like conﬁdent women.
15k Views · View Upvoters

I just got played by a girl. Now I'm pissed. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine, a Hollywood movie or romance novels, where a guy meets girl. They
look into their eyes or use chat and they are like.
Girl - Love you
Guy - I love you too
Girl - I love you more
Guy - Love you much more
Girl - I love you as big as the moon
Guy - I love you as big as the universe
Girl - I love you erm...big as ALL the universes
Guy - Ok send me some photos
Girl - Oh ok...(sends)
So usual stuﬀ and on it goes and she might send you some naked photos of her
ass, tits and curves. the guy is like..
"YES! She's into me and wow, attractive."
And they move to phone, and meet and as they meet..
(cue the music)
They look into each other's eyes and mesmerized by each other and they slowly
kiss. The earth move under their feet.
They walk away into the busy crowd as they turn into Vampires or Wearwolves, or
superheroes to save the world.
They live happily ever after.
That's Hollywood. That's Disney. That's Romance novels.
The reality is very diﬀerent:
It's attraction and attraction is about emotions
If hasn't knowledge he won't know how to arouse her, get her
imagination going and will be focused on impressing her.
The quick start can also end very fast
People can "fall in love" with someone else fast
This happens a lot in dating world
The reality for the average guy is this..
He hasn't got the experience, skill to ignite her emotions and lead her
imagination.

His state of mind is to impress not to qualify girls to show he got
standards and is not much of a challenge.
He's so terriﬁed of losing this one girl....he doesn't take risks. He doesn't
move to meet her face to face and ge doesn't sexualise in words. Thinks
she's some princess. That's she's such a nice girl and so naive about sex
and life. There are no nice and bad girls. Just girls who get turned on by
the right guy who knows how to.
He's apologetic about being a sexual man and switches oﬀ his sexuality
immediately and creates awkwardiness.
He hasn't got options and focuses on one girl when she hasn't
emotionally invested in him.
She knows he hasn't got options. She knows no other girls are pursuing
him
He believes all she says about how she loves him. How she wants him. He
she thinks he's so amazing.
He emotionally invests a lot of time on this one girl.
He didn't build other steps and so she is emotionally invested
There's a lot of back and forth texting/phone.
Then when attraction is gone, she dissappears
He's gutted and now he's back to square one with no girls. Has to start
from beginning.
The reality for the guy who knows the real deal and...this what you do.
Change the way you approach dating...
He knows women can change like the wind in the beginning
He knows attraction is ﬁckle because that's all it is..infatuation
He has options. Other girls phone numbers. He approached many
Or he is messaging diﬀerent girls online
Due to him having options, he's not needy, desperate and very conﬁdent
He makes sure to communicate with more than one girl because most
girls do the same. They are texting and talking to other guys.
He knows what girls say and what they do is entirely diﬀerent
He knows when emotions high they'll say anything and change easily
He knows how to get a girl to emotionally invest and if she doesn't, he
moves on fast or she isn't a priority. He focuses on girls that emotionally
invest.
This guy doesn't switch of his sexuality. He sexualize from day one. If a
girl gets put oﬀ by that..GOOD! Bye, bye. Go and bitch about how men
are all into sex. He don't give a damn. This is why he sexualizes
indirectly from the beginning in his approach to qualify, screen out, ﬁlter
out girls. He knows what he wants and isn't apologetic about it.
He arouses girls, he turns them on, he makes their legs quiver just by the
words he uses by texting, by phone.
Their imagination goes wild. They see they can be free to do as they
please with this guy and have amazing sex. They just don't say it but they
know with this guy, they'll have amazing sexual experience and it is more
than sex. It is the experience, the journey from beginning to the
seduction and afterwards. It is the amazing feeling they get, the
emotions going wild, the way he knows them inside out. He knows. He

has the experience, the knowledge, the expertise and the girls LOVE that
about him.
He takes risks. he's unafraid of girls running away, dissappearing and
ﬂaking. He knows how to handle such situations. He will even let go of
girls who think they can ﬂake and play with his time.
When one girl dissappears, it doesn't matter. He's got other girls. He
doesn't go nuts but ok, bye. She's not worth his time, eﬀort or energy. He
moves on very fast without bitching about it. He's not emotionally
invested. He doesn't see world how it he wants it but sees it for what it is.
He uses text and phone like it's a strategy. He knows girls won't lead. He
must lead and he must reveal in clarity what is going to happen. He does
it to make sure he removes awkwardiness and when they do meet, she
won't feel awkward when he immediately embraces, kisses and holds her
had.
She is so turned on by this guy that she opens up to him sexually by text
and by phone. She realises she can be the woman she is, a
conﬁdence..sexual woman.
Gradually he ﬁnds out whose the real deal from the girls he is in
communication with deal and meets her.
They meet and he assumes she is girlfriend. He smiles, embraces her,
kisses her and holds her hand. He sets then pace and role. He has made
sure that is going to happen because he has already pre-framed it all and
she has conﬁrmed that is what she wants when they texted. If she didn't
due to her holding back in the texting and phone, or chat...he won't meet
her. He's not going on a date to win and dine. He is making sexual
attraction connection and if she can't understand that....she won't meet
him.
They date and he still keeps growing his social circle because anything
can change. They get intimate sexually fast because she knows she can
be sexual with this guy without being judged.
He is not exclusive to one girl until many months go by to see who is
really who. When he sees she's comitting, she's not drama, she's not
demanding then he changes pace. He ﬁnds out if she like to be
exclusive...if he's into monagamy.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell a girl I love her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I love a girl, how do I tell her?

Yes. I get it. I really do. You know, how it is. Our brains get screwed up with
Hollywood/Bollywood movies, romance novels, the myths, the legend stories of
confessing love.
Those children books about the knight sees a woman, dazzled by her beauty so he
goes and ﬁghts Dragons to impress her and tells her..
"My love, I have slain dragons for thee."
"Oh how wonderful, brave you are," she says.
"Be my woman."
"I will my love. Oh let us get married"
Ding dong, they get married and they live...happy ever after.

Then you get the modern twist with Vampires, Wearwolves, and where one
woman is always looking like the world will end. Yes, she faces a delima!
Two guys likes her. Oh what shall she do. How can she overcome this
overwhelming feelings of two guys kissing her ass?
Oh the drama. The pain. The frustration.
Should she be bitten? Should she become a Vampire.
Or a wearwolf?
But wait! The other clans don't like this. No. Oh the pain! The delima! What shall
she do now.
But in real life it's this..
"I love you."
"You do?"
" I LOVE YOU. I feel..blah blah blah"
"Oh...erm...I...erm....listen got to go. Friends waiting" whooooooooooosh!
Don't even get me started with soul mates and "the one!"
Then guys with all this in their heads and they believe this is how it goes. They
got to be the knight. Yes, they must confess their love.
They are in love with....the IDEA of the girl.
When nothing has been done, the basics and she hasn't shown interest back then
all a guy is in love with an...idea.
That's all she is at then moment....an idea.
But what they don't realise is what they feel for a girl is one sided. They don't
realise that having a feeling for a girl, loving some girl (infatuation...lust) isn't
enough. It is never enough because..
The girl also must have the same level of feelings or more for the guy.
So telling one self that "I love her" when she very well haven't done a damn thing
for such words in regards to emotionally investing, hasn't shown interest is the
worst any guy can do.
The guy walking about with ﬂowers and kneeling down to confess his love to a
woman he don't even know is the WORSE thing you can ever do.
Or walking up to her and saying..
"I...erm...I.....LOVE YOU. I blah blah feel this way and Blah blah blah."
Sounds brave doesn't it.
Not brave. It's naive. It's immature.
1. You haven't even approached her to to see if she's interested in you in a
fun light hearted manner.
2. She hasn't shown any interest yet.
3. You haven't converse, ﬂirted and dated.
4. There hasn't been any emotional investment from her side.
5. There hasn't been any intimacy
6. There hasn't been any sexual physical intimacy

7. There hasn't been a time span of months to a year and more.
This isn't Hollywood. This isn't romance novel.
This isn't 50 shades of grey.
It comes with real emotions, fears, insecurities, perceptions that women have.
You're not even taking these into consideration.
So anything you do can trigger her mind to not trust you. You think no one has
said these words to her?
Of course, she will love to have a guy say that to her BUT...
1. She lives in the present moment of her fears that;
2. If she says yes to some guy confessing love then she be seen as too easy
3. That she does that with all guys before and so she might be seen a slut
4. That if she even tries her friends might think she's a whore
5. What would everyone think of some guy telling her he loves her and she
just said yes, like that!
This is why you don't go full on but gradual.
Dating is a progression and it can be fast or slow but the basic structure is always
there. The fundamentals is what you need to get a grip with.
1. Attraction. Approah. Be light hearted and fun to grab her attention
2. Transition to converstion. To arouse her emotions, fantasy. Be curious.
She can see that being with you be something really exciting, fun and
awesome.
3. Asking her out. Picture in her mind what...might happen if she says yes.
Telling of place to see, go etc. No resturant or movies. That's too serious.
More like walking checking some places out, etc.
4. Exchanging numbers.
5. Texting to build on attraction. Create sexual tension.
6. Phone, some confort but keep addin sprinkle of attraction. Framming
her mind that when you do meet it won't be awkward. That they will be
fun. So do some role playing that when you meet you will embrace, kiss,
hold hands because you laughed about it using texting and phone. Keep
creating sexual tension.
7. You meet face to face. You embrace, kiss, hold hands. YES, this happens
everytime I meet date ﬁrst time. How is this possible? Read this..
How Do Work Yourself Up Touching And Kissing A Woman? by Adam
Taha on Dating And Relationships Lyrics By Adam
8. Building comfort as you walk, being fun still, arouse her emotions even
higher, igniting her imagination to make her feel alive, her legs quiver,
wanting you so bad. None of this talk "job...career...goals" forget all that
crap. That's lazy talk. That's facts...details and content that does not
arouse. It's too much comfort. Learn how to converse with women to
make them feel alive, arouse, ﬁre up their emotions.
9. Throughout the process the connecting gets higher, sexual tenstion
becomes intense and ﬁre, and leads to seduction i.e. sexual intimacy i.e.
sex.
Now these steps don't happen in a day. It can if you're in a night club dancing
with a woman and you hit oﬀ but it usually happens through a gradual process.

Days, weeks, maybe even a month.
It all depends on diﬀerent factors I won't get into.
The above steps are basic fundamentals and I haven't even gone into the state of
mind, the model progress and so forth.
This is real life and in real life, you don't go oﬀ declaring such feelings to a
woman when you still need to do the basic steps.
If you do approach and declare, confess, say you love her, you want her so bad,
you feel blah blah...you're being very selﬁsh.
You are because you will make her feel awkward.
She hasn't any evidence of experience with you to feel that way.
So ﬁrst, approach her, be light hearted, fun, don't be serious. Converse with her,
sociualise and see if you really want to date her. Let her get a glimpse of what she
can get if she says yes.
Then ask her out but keep the serious stuﬀ way back. Leave it alone until she has
emotionally invested, a time span has gone by and other things I have mentioned
anove has happened.
Now if she refuses, then guess what?
You have a sense of pride, self respect to walk away with the knowing you didn't
spill your guts telling her all those feelings.
And....it doesn't hurt that much.
It only hurts big time if you emotionally invest, spend time thinking about her,
building castles in the sky about her.
Then the idea is so big and when you approach her and she rejects...it's heavy. It
will now take time for you to get each brick of the fantasy down. It will take time
to let go of the idea you have built about her in your mind.
The less you do what typical guys do, the more you can easily walk away if
rejected. Take a look at many questions by guys on quora and even girls. You will
see where they fail and they do so by investing far too much and not learning to
screen out and screen in girls in.
If you invest so early, with emotions, time, eﬀort and wait....wait...to then
approach and she rejects...it will hit you hard.
Approach and just tell her...
"Hey there, I only got a minute but I was walking to (cafe, libray, whatever) when I
saw you...I had to come over to say you're attractive. (pause). Thing is, beauty is
so common and it's just genes. So, what 3 things that's about you, which would
make someone wanting interested to get to know you?"
If she doesn't answer, walk away. Show you got standards. That shows she isn't
interested, unavailable or trying to play hard to get. Whatever, walk away,
But if she talks....
Let her talk and when she's done, then use that to converse. Then ask her out if
you like who she is.
Keep the romantic stuﬀ, the love stuﬀ, far away.
It's not the time for it and it's immature. She won't believe you. Thinks you're a
player and probably like most nice guys, thinks you're putting her on a pedestal.
You'll make her feel real awkward.

Worse, she might think..
"Oooh. Now how can I use this guy. Hmmmm."
Yes, there are girls like that and you be eaten alive and be magnet for psychos,
gold diggers and girls who had a bad experience and now...want to take revenge
on some chump who has no clue.
Yes, there are some like that in the world.
This helps you to avoid such things as much as possible.
Be wise. Be smart. Live in the reality.
61 Views · View Upvoters

I am 22, still studying I feel I'm still a teenager and I have
achieved nothing. Can you tell me if I still time or it is to late for
me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once a boy got seriously ill. He didn't know what was wrong. His grandma called
the doctor. They came to check him over to see what's going on.
They found he hasn't much time to live.
The boy heard what the doctor was saying to his grandma. He sighed but didn't
cry. He was used to hard life and has seen it with his parents.
He appreciated the smallest things in life. He was 13 years old but he felt he had
lived a life time in a world ﬁlled with so much devastation, war and poverty.
He has walked streets in day and night to sell what his grandma made to make
money as his parents were somewehere far to build a future. They left him behind
in hope to ﬁnd a way to live a better life away from tribal wars.
They promised one day they will send for him.
As his grandma said her goodbye to the doctor and took the medicine to help
lessen this youn boy's pain; he turned his gaze towards the open window.
He smiled as he saw the sun beginning rise and for the sky to break into thousand
colours. There was his horizon.
In that moment he forgot his pain and just found himself appreciate the present,
the now, the gift life has to oﬀer.
His grandma walked in and she sat down next him to stroke his head. Maybe she
thought, she was too hard on him. Maybe if she didn't get him to go out and be a
man too soon he wouldn't be so ill.
If only there was someway she could just let him be a kid and run, play football
and do what other children do.
But what could she have done. She was old, tired and no one to help to make the
money but to cook stuﬀ.
She felt the cool breeze from the window and got up to close it.
"Grandma."
"Yes?"
"Keep the window and shutters open please."
"Ok. I'll leave it up until you sleep."

"Thanks grandma."
She kissed him on his forehead, hugged him and left him to stare at the horizon.
He didn't think about the future or regret anything in then past. He stared at the
presen, the now, this moment.
He stared at his...horizon until he felt asleep.

When you compare your life to others, you will miss out the amazing things that
happen before your very own eyes. We only see what we focus on the most. Our
mind ﬁlters out everything else.
So if all one thinks about is envy then this is all they shall see. The conscious
mind doesn't multi-task. It can only focus on one thing.
The unconscious mind can mult-task but even then, a person will only see what
thoughts, information they gave to the unconscious. If all it is, is jelousy, envy,
fear then that is all the person will focus on and see.
It is a self fulﬁlled prophecy.
You will regret the past, fear the future and lose then present.
It does nothing but parlyzes you.
You're focus on the most important things that can help enrich your life and
others is lost to the physical competitive plane.
When life is all about you, about how to compete, how to look better than
someone else, how to beat someone else, how to have MORE than anyone else...it
wears you down. There is nothing wrong with healthy competition.
But you need to know who you are really competing with.
If you don't then everything will become a distraction.
You lose sight of your horizon.
You lose sight of all the potential inside you. You will self refer your self worth on
objects, people, material when all these are the fruits of your own focus to
painting your horizon.
You're only competitor is...yourself
You're own eyes cannot see this because you're heart is ﬁlled with seeking
validation, acceptance, proving to others when you need to prove to yourself.
You lose sight of your horizon.
You're horizon is the present.
You begin to always focus on the past, fearing the future and the fog sets in to
create nothing more than envy, jelous and doubts.
All are fear based.
You and I are already dying. It is just a matter of time and when all is done, all
what everyone, you and I have achieved cannot be taken with us.
What we leave is how we made other people feel, the lives we have impacted and
the things we have built which other people can enjoy.
Thus your name will be forever remembed from one generation to another. So
live well and be not a person striving for success but a person of great value.
Success how ever you deﬁne it will follow.

Live in the present. That is you're horizon to never lose sight of.
How To Live In The Present (your horizon)
1. Be grateful and appreciate you're healthy, living and young. Think about
what you got instead of what you haven't got. Learn to use what you got
because if you don't learn how to do so...you won't get more. That is your
journey, the lesson you must learn. Focus on learning that than
comparing yourself with others.
2. When you see someone achieving and has more, SMILE. Say to
yourself..."may you get more. May you be happy and I am so happy
someone in our human race is achieving so much. May you and your
family get much more. I am so proud of how you done good."
I do this always when I see someone achieving. I feel like a sense of pride
that another human being, even someone I don't know is doing well. Let
go of the envy. Wish people well inside your mind. Celebrate their
success.
3. Spend some time giving to others who haven't got much of what you
have. It will put life in a diﬀerent perspective. One hour or half a day or a
full day out of your life a week to give. Not out of pity but out of being
grateful of what you already have in your life.
4. Mediate one hour a day to silence your doubts. Find a place in your place
in our home, switch the lights oﬀ and phone. Then relax, sit down on
chair or ﬂoor. Relax and ﬁnd silence. Learn to silence your mind which
will take time. You have a lot of noise and it will take time to silence it.
Only when you learn to do this then you visualising what you want
easier.
5. Visualise the life you want to live. Feel it. Touch it. Smell it. Hear it. It
will take to get your senses to work for you. Just visualise that you see a
guy living this life. Like it's in the present. Feel the joy, the giving, how
it's changed your life. See it all. Feel the amazing rush.
6. When you feel it then....STEP INTO the person's body and now see,
experience, feel through this person because that is you. Now you're not
just an observer but the one doing the actions. When you feel the
amazing feeling...touch your wrist.
That anchors the feeling. Do this meditation everyday. Remember to
anchor the feelings. Very important. Keep doing it often because this is
going to come to help you later on.
7. Now speak what you want because when your mind is silent then
whatever you speak you're unconscious will hear. If your mind is not
silent then you can have the London bridge thrown at it and it won't
create one small ripple. However, when you're mind is silent and you ask
for what you want...you can throw a pebble and it will create huge waves.
8. When you feel the doubt, envy, jelousy.... touch your wrist...the whole
feeling comes back. The feeling of joy, success, gratefulness and
happiness. Those feelings you felt when you visualised all those weeks
and months...and continue to do so. Don't stop doing this. There is no
limit to self developement. It is a journey for the rest of your life.
9. Write down what you want to achieve and what obstacles you will face.
10. Now ask yourself where is the knowledge, resources, skills, expertise to
help you achieve and overcome these obstacles. Write them down. Then
ﬁnd those who are already you want to be and learn from them. Go
where the resources are. Find those mentor but approach them with

respect. Learn how to do that. Read their stuﬀ, get to know their work,
send them a message how the knowledge changed your life. See if they
need help from you. Be a student ﬁrst and the teacher will appear.
11. Read more books. Invest in your mind and to be the master of what you
want to achieve than wasting time comparing yourself to others.
BECOME what you need to BE to achieve what you desire. Always live in
the present as much as possible. You cannot ﬁx the past but you can live
in the present to create an amazing future for you.
The present is your horizon. If you regret the past and fear the future, then your
heart isn't focusing on what it needs to.
You're state of mind is clogged up with too much over thinking. You're attaching
who you are to objects, people, validation instead of tapping into your Self Power.
Focus on your own horizon.
The Present.
The Now.
This Moment right here.
Everyone, no matter who they are have only....the present.
We could easily close our eyes and never wake up again. Or we be walking or
working and our heart stops. Be grateful and appreciate that you have all the
ability to achieve what you want.
Shift your paradigm.
Get back on track and focus on your.....horizon and smile. Remember the boy
who focused on his horizon until he went to sleep.
Do the same for one day, you and all of us will one day...sleep.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like mixed race girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dave may like a white tall woman with an tight ass. Richard might like a women
who is nerdy, geeky with computers and wears glasses, and wears those jeans and
long jumpers. That's a turn on for him.
Rocky might like a woman who is very conﬁdent to even approach men to date.
He will date black, white, mixed race. He has no preference in colour in culture.
However, he likes the woman who are highly sexual driven to even be so
conﬁdent and not give a damn to say, "Hey baby, let's fuck or are you a nice guy?"
Then there's Steve, likes women from India. He just loves them. He loves their
look, culture and he even learnt how to cook indian cusine. He loves bollywood
movies. This guy loves women who are india and he is mesrised when they speak
their language and speaks english with the strong india accent. He loves it.
There's Mark he loves black women. He thinks they are goddess from heaven. He
loves them. He even read up about black history, culture. Oh he loves Reggae,
RNB and Hip Hop. Has a huge collection of such much and got Bob Marley on his
wall. When he sees a black woman he thinks he's in heaven. But he wants also she
is into dancing, read books. he loves a conversation and loves dancing.
There's Keith, he will only date mixed race. But she got to also love adventure. He
likes climbing mountains, loves all kind sof sports but one thing he really likes. Is
a mixed girl who also plays volley ball. I don't know why, but that's his preference.

I can go on and on.
There are 3.5 billion men on planet earth.
All will have their own preferences.
Everyone is an individual even though we may have similar fears, simiar
experience, similiar walls but when it comes to dating, it will be very speciﬁc.
So do guys like mixed race girls?
Most guys will. Most guys won't and trying to change based on trying to attract all
guys will be in vain.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thomas Mart

Is it bad that my friend kissed me and knew that I have a
boyfriend and said he loves me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"..AND knew that I have a boyfriend..."
You knew because you have this guilty conscious right now talking. It is why you
ask this question and why you're subtly directing the blame somewhere else.
You knew you have a boyfriend.
You knew 100% you are in a relationship with a guy and so you had choice. You
could have said no. You could have moved away from him and you could have set
boundaries.
You know what trust means.
You know if your boyfriend knew about this...how you made a choice getting
close with someone....then BOTH kissed.
We know most people don't like taking responsibiliity for sex, for kissing, for
things like that and blame it on someone else or something. Then call us guys
jerks, assholes and players and..
"Oh he used me for sex."
"Oh, all guys just think about is sex."
And even calling women..
"Sluts, whores, too easy.."
Usually by insecure people and those who get rejected, and think they are
entitled.
You spend tons of time with this friend. You consistently got closer with each
other. You could have set boundaries.
Is it wrong?
Go up to your boyfriend and tell him..
"I was spending lots of time with this guy. We texted a lot. Taljed to each other a
lot and got so close, we met together, alone.... and well...and WE kissed. He also
said he loves me..."
Then you'll see if it's wrong or not.
Do have some agreement with boyfriend to date others, etc.

For example, if I kiss another woman, have sex with other woman and my heart
will be easy. My shoulders not weight by heavy burden or guilt and I'd never cross
the line if I was just exclusive to one woman.
Why?
Here's why...
Adam Taha's answer to What are some good reasons for why you won't cheat?
The understanding with other women I am dating is clear. That I have been
honest. Said I will date other women. It wasn't easy but nothing amazing, what
we want is sometimes easy....especially when society is conditioned to follow
what is suppose to be the norm.
What's important to me is...trust, truth, justice, understanding that is clear with
the dating with women I am with.
It will be ﬁne if I kissed another woman, have sex with another woman because I
have already made an understanding with other women I am dating. So they
know where we both stand. The trust and openess is so amazing that our love is
growing to such heights that most can only dream and fantasize about.
It brings happiness, joy, freedom to all.
For 16 years I was in relationship with one woman and I never let any woman
come close to kiss me, ever. Even when alone in my house. Always in my mind is..
"I cannot take this back. I will be a changed man forever. Never be that man of
truth, justice, trust and to look into a woman eyes with feeling that she knows me.
I will never break her trust. I..don't...need to. Truth is freedom."
Only afterwards when I grown and wanted diﬀerent did I make this
understanding and she is still with me, trust me, loves me more because I got
balls to be a man of truth with all I am with in these matters.
Is this so...with the boyfriend you're with?
Do you have an understanding you can let another person close to you to kiss?
Look into your own heart and you know the answer.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How would a man feel if a woman approached him ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Mar 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would feel...
1. Awesome. If I am attracted to her we'll exchange numbers and meet.
2. Appreciative because now we cut through the games so many play... we
can get to know each other, relax, and just ﬂow within.
3. She's unique. It is very rare for women to do this.
4. THE WOW FACTOR! Yes, I'm like "WOW. I love her conﬁdence!"
5. She's not a follower but a leader. I like!
6. Very impressed
7. Sex is going to be amazing because she's adventureous. doesn't fear or
worry about social taboo norms :)
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible taking things too slow is bad for dating?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Peter...ask yourself these questions
"Is what I am doing works for me?
"Is it getting me where I want to go?"
You're friends are not dating the girls you date so it's none of their business. It is
your business. Maybe to avoid sharing your personal life regarding girls to your
friends because you open the door for them to give you opinions.
However, if it is NOT working for you....
Then appreciate failure is doing the same thing, over and over again, and again
and not ﬁguring it out to change. It's insane to do the same thing over and over
again if it doesn't get you the results you want.
Regarding slow and fast.
The answer is Yes and No.
Let me explain...
Every woman, every situation, every event is going to be diﬀerent. How you
approached will impact what happens next. The level of your experience in
screening out women to atttract women who you feel are compatible with
you....will determine slow and fast.
If you play safe or don't, if you're state of mind is poor or string, if you fear
rejection or not, if you attach to response or you easily detach, if you have
boundaries or not, if you can walk away or not...will determine the slow and fasr.
I have discovered, when I know what I want it's faster for me but it works for me.
It will work for others but only if they got balls.
If what you're doing is working for you.....then slow and fast is really irrelevant.
What works for me is irrelevant to what works for you.
So if it's working, you're happy and girl you date is happy, and all going to how
you both want it to go...nothing really matters.
Not what you're friends say and not what I say.
744 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Peter Yung

What are the best ways to ﬂirt with a guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First what not to do...
1. Don't be negative when he teases and calls you a brat or his 3rd favourite
brat. Be fun. Banter back in saying he's a brat. Show him you're not easily
oﬀended. If you are then he'll block you online or he will not bother
spending time with you. No, he's not shit testing you. He's a guy, it's how
we talk. We like to be fun. It removes awkwardiness.
2. Don't tell him you're not interested in him. It doesn't make a guy like the
girl more. It lowers his interest. .
3. Don't compliment a guy and say..."but don't take it the wrong way. I
don't what any misunderstanding." Or "I like your clothes but..." Most
guys see it as a girl is insecure, player, manipulative and just wants
attention. Compliments suppose to make someone feel great instead of
making someone feel shit.

He probably tell you he's got standard which means in guy's language...
"Hey, I don't fall in love because a woman give me compliments. WTF!
Give a compliment properly or don't bother? Get oﬀ your pedestal or
stop being insecure."
It doesn't mean you're lower than him.
4. Don't tell a guy that he is not busy, because if he was he won't be chatting
to you. That he must see you as special, so important because he replies
to you with texting so fast. Many girls do this to try and show some social
status. If you do, then guess what's going to happen?
He will now not answer you for weeks and for hours. Maybe even block
your number and from his social media sites because you just told him,
that if he talks to you....he has no life. Well done cause now he won't give
you the time of day.
5. Don't talk to him about your ex boyfriend or any relationship.
6. Don't talk to him on how so many guys are chasing you (roll eyes)
7. Don't walk with friends, turn and laugh at him. Yes some think this is
ﬂirting. It's not ﬂirting. It's girls trying to look good in front of their
friends. He will assume you're making fun of him.
8. Don't stare at him without smiling. Smile, show him you're friendly.
When you look at a guy and don't smile he will take it like you're judging
him. It also makes him wonder if you're a complete psycho. SMILE, let
him know you like him!.
9. Don't...ignore him and play hard to get. A guy loses interest fast with that
approach. It's sends mix signals and frustrates guy to not bother. The guy
that chases doesn't mean he is...serious. It just means he's desperate and
hasn't got options.
When has has dated you and sex happened...he will look for another
trophy. You want to attract that guy...then play hard but be warned, you
will attract types who will fuck your head up.
But do try these...
1. Smile, brush your hair and look up smile, look down, then do it again.
Make eye contact as you do this. Then approach and say, "Hi, you look
like someone I need to get to know.."
2. Touch is very important. So when conversing touch his knee or hand
while eye contact. Bite you're lower lip for added touch.
3. Use the tip of your tongue to lick the cream of coﬀee or any drink from
your lips and then say, "So have you got anything planned this evening or
this week?"
4. Pull your hair if it's in a pony tail or tighed up and open it, let it ﬂow
down, smile at him and smile. Then lean forward, elbow on table, your
hand under your chin. Smile and..."what does it take for a guy to ask a
girl out these days?"
5. Rub your shoulders like it is hurting while..biting your bottom lips as you
look down, then up at him and smile.
6. Cross your legs and then move your legs in circle motion.
7. Grin or smile, and hold eye contact for 3-4 seconds.....hold it...then bite
your lower lips...and laugh a little.

8. Walk past him as you give him eye contact and bite your lower lip. As you
walk past him, turn your head, stop. Walk backwards just a little, smile
and turn to walk forward. Then turn your head again and smile.
9. If you're sitting at a cafe drinking cream coﬀee....put your ﬁnger on the
cream, swirl, slowly lift your ﬁnger into your mouth, keep your eyes on
him...and you slowwwwwly...pull your ﬁnger out of your mouth.
10. When he walks by you, say "Wow, you smell real good."#
11. Take interest in him and what he's into. Bring it up but be sincere and
use one of the above ﬂirt moves.
You may ﬁnd all this goes way over a guy's head.
So it's time to be a bit more direct...
"Excuse me, I know this may seem forward but I was wondering...(pause, smile,
give eye contact,) if you like to have coﬀee with me this week?"
15.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should you do if your girlfriend does not want to have sex
with you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is very easy if...
You're a guy who has self respect
You're a guy who has boundaries
You're a guy who has the balls to walk away
You are not going to let any girl dangle carrot regarding sex. It be over!
You're a guy who understand this isn't a friend nor a girlfriend, and so
she is not going to be chauﬀered and meals will not be bought. Bye,. bye.
NEXT!
You're a guy who doesn't put girls on pedestals
You're a guy who invests in himself and builds his own social network
You're the guy who knows if you don't respect yourself...no one else will.
You're a guy who doesn't fear loss and doesn't give pathetic reasons why
he doesn't move on to someone else.
If you're this guy then you would have walked away from her, dropped her to
friend level. You'd never pick her up in car again nor take her for meals. She can
go and get the god damn bus, tube train and buy her own meals because...she
right now isn't your girlfriend.
This guy knows, she will either go back to her ex to have lots of sex or meet some
other chump to try that on.
He's not going to be the...provider but a lover type of guy.
It's not easy if...
You are needy, desperate and have no self respect
You chase the dangling carrot she hangs over you called sex
You're an average frustrated chump who has no balls to walk away
You blame her for not having sex instead of dating someone else who is
compatible to you.

You're a guy who has no options and doesn't approach many girls
A guy who makes one girl his centre of his life
He has no social circle because he only gave a shit about himself and
probably pull the usual crap "I'm shy, introvert blah blah blah.."
This guy here is not a lover type. He is a platonic boyfriend, used by girls
for validation, to feel important, to fuck the guy's head to get revenge for
what some ex-boyfriend did or is pissed oﬀ at the world.
Now decide which guy you are. The ﬁrst guy or the guy 2, the chump who has no
clue what a girlfriend is and what a friend is.
She is neither of them.
If you didn't ﬁgure that one out, you got some serious problems in future when it
comes to dating girls.
56.2k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend said he likes me only because I'm pretty. Should I
dump him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Apr 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guys know girls don't like seeing them for just their body and all that. I mean,
come on. We hear it all the god damn time. Most can't help themselves saying it
over and over again.
It's like we wait for it to be said..
Wait for it now...1 second...2.....
"Oh guys just want sex."
"Guys just like me for my look."
"I am so pretty, sooooooooo attractive and guys ask me for that. I got big tits you
see. How can I get get a guy who sees me for what I am."
See! It didn't even take 3 seconds and you hear most say it
Then you have this Dejvu thoughts cause and you wonder...
"WHY? TELL ME WHY do people get looks and when they get a compliment they
feel like dying. Hey you up there, up in sky. Give me some of that. I PROMISE you,
I won't complain if a woman says my ass looks great, I am sexy and I dating you
cause youre...OOOOH so BIG... I'll say, "come on baby! If you think you handle a
guy like me."
Give me all the compliments you like. I don't care if a woman I am dating says..
"I date you because you're so damn hot baby. SO HOT!"
I be like, "Damn right girl. You better believe it!" :D
Then you hear this too...
"He likes me and ﬂirts. Does he just likes me for my body? Is he a player?" (roll
eyes)
Look on Quora, you see these questions and statements cropping up a lot.
That's why we say it.
Just having fun. Teasing. In fact, most women can't even give god damn
compliment just the guy might think she's interested in him. And guys also can't

give compliments because if we did all we get is more bullshit too.
We even banter.
Thing is, most girls can't even banter. They make it too damn personal and start
attacking you for real and they don't realise...they fucked up when the guy thinks
"Oh shit. SO THIS IS THE REAL YOU?! YOU IS A PSYCHO! No wonder the other
guys didn't want anything to do with you. You is drama!"
Even ﬂirting. A guy ﬂirts and woman is like "is he a player. Is he wanting me for
sex. He must be wanting for my body. Yes, I know these type of guys. They just
want me for my ass and tits nothing else."
I swear I have seen questions on Quora with details like this..
"A guy, someone I don't know approache me. He said I am attractive. I thought he
was sleazy, a player because he must want me for SEX."
Wait for it. I haven't even started. Just read what she says afterwards...
"I mean why would a guy approach a woman he don't know huh? Anyway, he
went I told him I got a boyfriend but..really I DIDN'T. Then he said if my
boyfriend treated me right. So I said yes. He then walked away. Why didn't her
persist? If he did I would have let him take me and have sex! I don't get it!
What does...it....MEAN?"
For the love of beers and Pizza's...
You can't even ﬂirt these days, tease, banter, compliment to have girls taking it so
seriously. It's like those Youtube Prank Videos. Guy does a prank on her and it
ain't that bad but when girl does it, holy shit!
They nasty. They go way overboard and think that's a prank.
So relax. Chill. He's probably just teasing, fun.
But the way I see it, you're here to rationalise the thought "already" at the back of
your mind. You're looking for some reason.
Because let's face it....
If a girl is mature, really into this guy, she'd talk to her boyfriend, she'd
communicate and work it out together. He doesn't know if that hurt you but you
go and tell strangers?
So go back to him, calmly talk and say how you feel. Communicate. That's what
people who are into each other do. They don't ask strangers about whether they
should break up.
But if you're really not into him, well, anything will be a reason to break up.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to be yourself and be alone or change yourself so you
can start dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"If we don't know how to use what we already got then why do we even
think life will give us more?"
Be yourself is a paradox. There is no such thing. We are all socially conditioned
and thus, being 'yourself' is like a hamster running in a wheel.
You don't get anywhere.
That's what "be yourself" advise gets you. Nowhere.

You want to be yourself?
Unlearn everything you know today.
Yes, unlearn which took me years to understand how society is socially
conditioned by the invention modesty regarding our sexuality and sex to control
society. Done by Psychopaths. Many have fallen for this bullshit to even think sex
is love and that sex is intimacy.
You will need to unlearn what you know and most are unwilling to do that
because it will mean mostly everything you believed in is in question. That
means tough decisions are going to come their way.
I mean really tough decisions that impact how people see you, the type of life you
will live and even the type of relationship you will be in because the fog has now
been cleared.
When that happens then you're going to ﬁnd majority cannot see. You're going to
be rolling eyes at all common fallacies most fell for. They won't be able to see it
because the maority are following what is favourable in society.
Why? Rewards.
Rewards like validated, accepted, get a job, promoted, liked, ﬁt it. Hence, the
system and isn't designed for the bemeﬁt ofthe individual.
It is good for society but not so for the individual.
For an individual it is a prison. It's a world that can choke him/her. It's a world
full of bullshit until they wake up and realise that prison is in their mind.
Changing yourself is also a rationalising in making it sound...manipulative, and
that we are giving up something. That we will lose something when really we're
not.
That "We are going to be so alone."
Where did you get that idea from? Where did you get such negative programming
from to even think that bettering yourself is going to make you alone?
Especially in a world where people yearn, hunger desire for someone to believe in
them, to listen to them, to talk in a way to inspire them, to converse, to get to
know, to show they exist, that they are not alone and they are loved.
Let me explain....
If a person grows, he's changing.
If he doesn't grow, he's STILL changing but he just doesn't realise he's being
inﬂuenced by the environment he's in.
The gap will get closer, whether the individual does something, learns or not, or
stays on their asses watching TV.
He and anyone else can sit on their asses all day and they will still change but not
in a way that helps their life. Their resources will get smaller. The skills needed or
they got might even die down.
If you don't use it...you lose it. Either we change to dig ourselves into the
ground or we better ourselves.
So no one can stop change.
One doesn't stay young. We get older. Taxes don't stop increasing. Food prices
risimg. Rents are getting higher. Economy doesn't stop changing.
The gap is getting wider.

We went through industry age, technology age to information age. I will move
into something else. Who knows what.
Change is inevitable.
It's not about being yourself but being a better version of yourself. You're asking a
question that reveals you have a lack of experience, knowledge and skill when it
comes to women psychology, social dynamics when it comes to inﬂuencing
groups and individuas in diﬀerent environments and dating process.
You also revealing this idea that cop out excuse most give regarding being alone.
That you got to sacriﬁce themselves.
I am saying this because I bet all of us have been there. I'm sure some people
reading will relate to what I am saying.
It comes down to this...
"If we don't know how to use what we already got then why do we even
think life will give us more?"
You don't know how to use what you already have so life can give you more. Many
people show this with their questions.
They want more, they wan to attract men, women, jobs, whatever...but they have
yet to learn to use what they already got. They haven't the guidance,
understanding and wisdom to do so.
So let's look shall we on how do you use what you already got so life can give
you so much more.
The tools you got inside of you is of abundance and when we know how to them
working for us we will see the diﬀerence. Life has given us this and it's always
been with us.
However, human beings must give life the respect it deserves.
And here is how we respect life....
1. Inner Resource Library. You ﬁll your mind with knowledge on women
psychology, psychology of human behaviour, Language of inﬂuence,
social dynamics, the dating process, and more. Be a lover of knowledge.
2. Emotions. You need to be in a high energy calm mode. State of mind is
how you feel in that moment. If you don't feel great then you will not
perform well when you're approaching women. They will feel your vibe,
your energy and so will other people.
It allows you to get the camera's that are pointing and judging you, to
point outside to the world to observe, to focus your attention on your
surroundings and people. It helps you to focus on the women and
detaching from needing a response, validation, acceptance and from
putting women on a pedestal.
3. Mouth/Words. All words are not equal. I do not talk to women I am
attracted to, the way I talk to friends. People have fears, insecurities,
walls and you need to know how to inﬂuence, how to bring those walls
down to connect so they see you for you not from their assumptions in
their minds and insecurities.
People are scared. They come with perceptions. So you need to invest in
learning conversational skills of a diﬀerent kind.
4. Your Body. From body language to tonality of voice. Just deepening
your voice makes a woman's legs quiver and can make a man soften his

his behaviour. It's not like most typical words or tone"Hi, how are you"
but words and ton that compells woman to listen, to connect to be
aroused, for her emotions be on ﬁre and her imagination go crazy.
I also took acting classes for a year.
This..skyrocketed success for my dating. You won't believe the shit we
show and think we so good at hiding and women's unconscious mind
picks it up so fast.
5. Your sexual appeal. You get make it healthy, appealing, hit the gym, it
will make your skin look better too, and give you a good strong frame.
One doesn't need to be a bodybuilder to do that. 6 months of consistent
training, good diet and a coach will show a massive diﬀerence.
Now you got clothes, the style, that ﬁts your personality and that attracts
a certain type of women. My clothes pushes certain women away and
attracts certain women. It's done on purpose and even my writing, what I
say does too.
6. Conﬁdence. From visualising techniques, meditation that helps you to
feel what you want to feel. You learn how to anchor those feeling fast
when you're feeling nervous.
The conﬁdence to not put any woman on a pedestal and have self
respect. The conﬁdence that you are enough and if a woman cannot see
that from day one, then walk away. No problem.
7. Social skills. Find your passion, what interest you, go and mingle with
tons of people into what you're into. You don't get a woman/man. You get
a life and the life attracts the woman/man. I don't approach woman like
it's some job. I am doing my work already, going out focusing on my
things and along the way I meet women.
Whether oﬄine doing what I love to do or online when I am writing and
doing my thing. It attracts women to me and we then socialise, converse
and all the skills and experience just come together as one. Some I
connect with and some, their personality stinks. They can't take a joke,
they too ruthless in their bantering and insecure as hell. So I get all sorts.
It doesn't always go smoothly but hey, life is too short. We move on and
forge ahead.
8. Dating process. It comes with it's own set of knowledge and skills. Learn
the fundamentals of dating, the process, the structure and each part.
From the approaching to transition, from building comfort to seduction.
Understanding the problems that will occur and being prepared to solve
them.
We do that when we want to get good at some skills to get a job, a career, a
promotion, a customer and for other things that are important in our lives.
Dating isn't any diﬀerent.
As I said in the beginning..
"If we don't know how to use what we already got then why do we even
think life will give us more?"
It is like you got your own garden. You're not going to replace the garden. You're
going to make it look better. You're going to get it to work for you. You're going to
use what you "already" got to make this garden better.
You gain the knowledge, the skill, the expertise of others to help you do that.

You remove the stones, the weed, and plant the seeds and nurture it to grow
because at the moment what most women and men see, when someone
approaches them is a garden ﬁlled with weeds, rocks and so the person thinks
maybe they need to ﬁnd a...new...garden.
They miss the wisdom life is teaching us..
"If we don't know how to use what we already got then why do we even
think life will give us more?"
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I started dating a guy but he never calls. Its all texting. Every
Time I oﬀer to call or ask him to he is busy. But online. What is
that about?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're missing the point and many do who ask.
"I only see her once a week. What should I do?"
"He never calls me until I do. What should I do?"
"He is always busy and just wants to use text. What is it about?"
"We don't even date more than once a week, and even then he cancels. What does
it mean?"
These are not the questions to ask because these are someone trying to read some
message, signals and asking other who don't even know the guy. Even if we did
know him, we still won't know the guy to read his mind.
Trying to wonder why someone does something is a waste of time.
So what do you do?
You ask this question right here
"What...do I want from a relationship?"
Get a piece of paper. Draw a line in then middle. On the left hand side write down
what YOU want out of a relationship. Forget what he wants for now. You think
about yourself because you're going to focus on what is a priority for you.
Let's imagine you wrote down..
1. To talk on the phone twice a week
2. To go out on a date at least twice a week
3. Add more until you got a list of what you want in a relationship.
Now...on the left, write down what you DON'T get. Look at your list and be
honest. Write down what you don't get from that list.
Done?
Look at it now. That's the truth right there.
Forget what it's about. Forget why. Forget what does it mean.
You got two options..
1. You can talk to him but I bet you he will start blaming you, telling you
this and that, and how if you want to still see each other to stop it.
2. You break if oﬀ and move on because this is not what you want when it
comes to dating. You know you can do much better. By the way, you can.

You just got to believe in yourself and say, "no. I want more than this!"
So its up to you. No one can tell you what's it about but we can advise you to ask
the right questions on what...do you want.
Then you see the truth of whether you're getting what you want and decide.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys avoid talking to a girl they are attracted to or like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, most guys do and that goes for even guys who are good at talking to girls.
There is a diﬀerence with talking to girls and then asking a girl out.
The diﬀerence is he can get rejected and his self esteem gets hit. His ego is now
on the ﬁring line and so the pressure is now bigger.
But talking with girls for some won't be a problem but it doesn't mean he's
conﬁdent with girls. It can be he feels better just ﬂirting and asking out is just too
much pressure for him to do.
Oh and by the way, I was an introvert, shy, quiet, but had ability to talk to girls
but now, I will intimidate even extroverts because I do approach and ask women
out. A party animal if I go to parties and ﬁrst to greet people.
I ﬂirt and sexualize so I'm very conﬁdent now to do what I didn't do years ago. It
took me years to develop the experience, conﬁdence and the skill.
But yes, some guys might like a girl but they won't ask her out.
I've been there myself years ago where even a girl woild stare at me. Literally stare
but the problem is they would stare and not bloody smile.
Nothing but stare.
But now, if I get this, I will smile, approach and I'm kind of a cocky funny guy in a
good way. I can make a woman laugh but not in a way I'm some dancing monkey
but to lower the awkwardiness so we can move forward easier.
If the guy is shy or whatever labels one puts in their head which I got rid of....then
that one girl needs to be approachable:
1. She needs to make it clear she's into him
2. No subtle hints because it will go over his head and he won't take any
action until it's 100%. Even then he might not take then risk.
3. Just approach, say hi and talk with him
4. In doing so, often, his conﬁdence will increase
5. You can then later, after a few tries of seeing him and tlaking, asking out
for a walk, drink etc cetre.
6. Make sure you exchange numbers because if he's shy he will probably
mess that up to. Be ready for a slooooooooooooow process.
7. That's when the girl will know he's interested. If he doesn't take action
then it's best for her to move on without doing what most girls do. Over
think, asking what if and looking for signals.
It's why I like to just attract conﬁdent, adventureous and high sexual driven
women. Women who haven't a lot of insecurities and we don't have to dance
about back with many of things most got hang ups on.

Nothing wrong with shy but I just get bored with slow pace. I'm a fast mover. I like
to get down with it and I'm a very direct type of guy.
17.3k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Should I wait for the right person or accumulate experience
ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no right person that just appears. It will take a person to be proactive.
That's what I've learnt over the years.
It doesn't just happen.
That's Disney, Hollywood movies and romance novels where someone just
appears and gaze into each others eyes and it clicks.
It clicks for a reason.
The action we take and then we ﬁnd that we do connect. So it starts with our own
initiative, whether we took action to reply to a comment and it lead to a
connection or an eye contact and smile.
Or an approach etc.
It takes some work and if you're not willing to put work in then it's not going to
happen. Yes, it also takes experience, other kind of social and conversation skills,
to relationship management skills.
I didn't learn these experiences by mingling with friends, relatives and family.
These are diﬀerent skill sets and diﬀerent kind of conversation skill to
experiences.
Don't let anyone tell you they the same as just talking to people.
Something far too many say to to bullshit me that everyone is just people and so
talk like you do with everyone. I had to learn diﬀerent knowledge and skills and
this including ﬂirting techniques, conversation techniques, bridging, mirroring
and much more. They've now become habit.
Ingrained in me that I just do them naturally.
Learning them has made a MASSIVE diﬀerence.
These come from experience and experience reveals what red ﬂags are which
sharpens your instinct. I didn't get the experience from reading a book or waiting
for the right person. All the collective years has enabled me with successful dates
because of the experience.
Yes, this includes getting hurt too and I have been hurt many a times but with it
came a lot of wisdom. It lead me to learn more and I read tons of books on
psychology, human behaviour, human patterns,
If I could step right in I'd probably become a therapist but it's not for me. I just
wanted to learn to understand myself, my feelings, thoughts, nature of people,
personality traites, behaviours, the why, the what and...the how.
I never regretted dating and being in relationships because y0u learn a great deal
than one can ever imagined by just waiting...waiting...and waiting. Many people
ﬁnd themselves ill equipped from the basics of approach, dating to relationship
management due to waiting...and waiting.
You won't be prepared for a lot of things when it comes to relationship. You will
wish you knew and you will wonder why you didn't see it coming. Experience
helped me to see a lot more of what is coming but even when I didn't...I am

emotionally and mentally strong. I don't hang onto pain much as most people do
due to what I've grown to learn.
You're friends...
You're friends are going to one day have their own relationships, own lives and
will one day move on. I know most women rely on social circle, their network for
emotional support. You know, trading oﬀ the sexual attraction for making friends
and all that.
The friends will one day have their own boyfriends/girlfriends and this cuts time
oﬀ because they will be living lives with them too. Some will ﬁnish studies and ﬂy
away. Some will travel to other cities to work in jobs.
I'm not saying lower your standards but appreciate the right one doesn't come
along. It takes one to be proactive and through experiencing you're instinct
sharpens, your mind opens and the more mature you become in how to handle
matters when they appear.
You'll be better prepared than most people.
The key is, don't date someone you're not really into.
It's either a Fuck yes or a Fuck no.
Not "hmm, seems alright."
It's more of a "HOLY SHIT! WE'RE SO COMPATIBLE!"
You want to spend time with this person. You can't help but think about his
person and even when time goes by, you're still going for it.
I'm a busy guy, I got a lot of friends but that doesn't stop me dating. I want to
experience much more, I don't let insecurities or pains of past stop me. I work
hard to not let negativity of past get projected into my present or people I meet.
So I go for things in life, I take more risks...meeting women...dating...etc.
I still see my friends although some....have moved on to diﬀerent countries and
cities. People grow, they change and many spead their wings to ﬂy.
I made sure when they did...I got a life of my own too.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

There is this girl I work with, she likes me I like her. I've asked
her out twice and both times I've gotten a yes but then after I'm
too busy. Why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you ask someone out you sort date and time. When they don't try and sort
it out with you or give some weak ass counter oﬀer like "Oh I am busy" then she
isn't interested. I don't care how busy one is, no one is too busy when they are
really into someone. They make time.
Here's what you do, although personally, I won't even give her another chance.
I'd have approached tons of women already. I like creating options..
1. Approach her and say, "Hi, listen. You have my number when your
schedule is looser, just give me a call and we'll schedule a time as I'm
busy too."
Done.

2. Distance yourself and don't spend time with her. Be busy yourself in
approaching other women but not in work oﬃce. Be busy. She needs to
feel the distance and no more hang outs with her.
3. Then if you meet a woman in your approaching outside...date her. The
woman at your work place does not get priority so don't make her one.
So approach other women. Create options.
783 Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl. She is unapproachable and I don't know how to
approach her. I rarely speak to her, how do I approach her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, she's a princess isn't she? The most amazing woman in world. The only
woman on this planet. Probably super woman with amazing super powers. The
light shines out of her ass. Radio active etc etcetera.
Mate. Stop putting her on a pedestal and grab your balls.
She won't be the ﬁrst nor will she be the last.
You're not ready to approach girls to ask them out. You need to do some social
anxiety therapy.
Leave this girl alone. She isn't important. What is important is this: Sort out your
conﬁdence. It won't happen by mantra, motivational stuﬀ or reading.
To develop your conﬁdence approach girls outside and say:
"Hey, how's your day." And smile.
Just do that for a week to tons of girls or until it doesn't bother you anymore. Not
just girls. Everyone. Then when you feel really brave...approach the really
attractive girls that you'd never walk up to and do the same.
Don't worry about what they say and respond. That's their attitude and problem
not yours.
Then do be a bit more by being creative.
Have a pad and pen. Write on pad..
A) Hey sexy.
B) Hey gorgeous whats cooking?
C) Worse pick up line you heard____________________________
Then walk up to girls and say..
"Excuse me......I'm doing a survey on the worst pick-up lines ever. You look like
someone who guys would approch to ask you out for sure. (smile). Are these two
the worst pickup line or does it get any worse?" Smile.
Just use anything man, to ﬁrst learn to stop putting girls on a pedestal and by
time you're done a month, you will have found your balls.
Then you can approach her and the fear will be a lot less. You can do same with
the pick up line..and later laugh and add..
"I had to ﬁnd a way to talk to you. My name is__________"
1. You made it fun. You're diﬀerent
2. You made it obvious now you're into her

3. It showed conﬁdence
4. Now just talk, get to know her and then exchange numbers if you ﬁnd
you like her personality. If you don't or if she isn't into you, no problem.
Like I said, she isn't the only woman on the planet or the last one you'll
approach to date.
So ﬁrst, sort your social anxiety issue with fear of rejection. Approach girls to get
some experiencee and to ﬁnd your balls.
Then when you've got it going....with that momentum...approach her.
She's not out of your league.
It's just you are out of your depth.

My thanks to Manfred Kramer for the editing of this answer. Made the answer
more valuable and ﬂowing nicely. Much appreciated.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bubbles Károly

How do you know for certain you won't cheat on anyone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because of one word.
There is one thing I have never liked. It's cowardice. Even when this tall guy at
school walked up to me and tried to push me around, I went for him. I got tons of
punches from him but by the time I ﬁnished, he would never take me on again.
Because of this one word.
Then there was a time, when I was married and this tall blonde white woman sat
next me at a business awards conference. She was one of then most attractive
women I have seen. In looks and body, personality she had it all. I won the award
for best startup business idea. After the cermony we talked with each other, she
came closer, I stepped back, she reached her arms around my waiste and I said,
"No. I'm married."
Because of this one word I held tight like burning coal in my hand.
There was a decision I was about to make.
It was one of the most diﬃcult decisions I made in my whole life. I have fought in
boxing rings. I have faced champions in the martial arts world who were tougher
and more skilled than me, and still I went in again and again. Got up again and
again to get hammered but kept going.
I have taken the cold, the rain when I was homeless in the streets of Yemen as a
kid. I have lived in the streets of England once, when all things went up shit creek
and took the rain, cold, snow lived in parks, on benches to hostels ﬁlled with
people losing their minds.
But this was tougher than all of these.
Felt like the whole world was on my shoulders and choking me.
I could have cheated. She'd never know. It was so easy to do but I despise
cowardice. I know people who have no balls even with women. I promised I'd
never be like them, ever. I promised to never be that guy who hides what he has to
say but trying in a way we can see eye to eye, or to disagree amicably.

Because of this one word that always rings loud and clear it helped me to stay true
to what I needed to become as a man I envisioned to be.
So I said to one I loved for 16 years, knowing it will break her heart that..I cannot
be that man who love one woman. I cannot change it. I have grown and I
understand if you desire to leave.
One person I never wanted to hurt, who stood by me all these years and yet, I was
about to do just that. It was the most toughest thing I ever went through,
emotionally and mentally.
I didn't make excuses. I didn't give reasons. I just said this is me, who I am now
and I have grown.
"Tell me what you feel. I'm listening."
She said, "This is why I love you. You got balls. Guts."
And so she is with me, and I am dating other women too, and they know as well. I
wanted to be that man who I envisioned.
I am him and I didn't know it was going to be this hard.
You see, the world can take my home, the material can dissappear. Money, home,
car, job, women, the clothes on my back, the status, can go but I can start all over
again real fast.
But....I cannot get back the man I am, if I step over the line.
The moment I step over that line, all the courage I had to say no, all the power in
me, all that strength, all the knowledge, the hundreds and thousand of books I
read, the challenges I overcame. the lessons I learnt, the years of building that
man inside of me would all be for....nothing.
I would never be that man again.
No matter how hard I tried. No matter how much I invested in me. No matter
what I get from the world. Not women with ﬁne ass, tits, body, good looks, sweet
talk, money, opportunity or promotion.
Nothing can take that away from me.
That's why.
Contrary to belief, there are men and women in this world who still believe in this
one word and don't think it's cliche .
One word.......Honour.
My word, my promise, is my honour.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would someone wants to live one's life again when one has
everything anyone could ever dreamt of?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Desire.
From latin word desiderare, which means ‘to long or wish for.'
It comes from the de sidere, ‘from the stars’, which suggest that the spiritual or
mysical elements or romantic, which ever one likes to see it as, meaning..
‘To await what the stars will bring’.

Certain cultures believe that the universe didn't start with a blast of light but
rather by...desire. A spirit that started from desire.
Whether that is true or not, is well, irrelevant but it does let us understand
something about desire.
That desire is ever ﬂowing, always rising, overspilling and no matter how much
ﬂows it won't stop. It will continue to ﬂow until the end of our lives.
One desires and when he/she satisﬁes their thirst then this desire will be
replaced. Either with the same thing but new, or with something else.
As you see in life, desire is complex and not as simple as I am explaining. Some
may desire something but don't do anything about it. Some get all they dreamed
of but it is still never enough. They want more.
They want more life. They want a new beginning. They want to return and start
all over again. They want...more.
We are born from desire.
Someone desired someone else and this lead to other desires - a relationship. a
need to be loved, accepted, validated or a child, a home, a family or to just satisfy
one's sexual desires and companionship.
Desire is connected to pleasure and pain.
Though a person desires someone else, the pain of the past, the experience of
mistrust, the cheating, the hurt, their insecurities will sometimes come in the
way to experience.
But there are those who desire someone and understand the wisdom of life. That
to live in fear, to live in the past and to project all these inseurities into the
future...can harm relationships, can create possessiveness and jelousy. It can also
prevent them from moving forward...experiencing new thigns in life even if they
don't last. Who knows what will happen.
They have grown, learnt and so they go and experience with new founded
knowledge. Maybe a desire for giving. Maybe a desire to share. Maybe a desire to
just belong and feel they have a place in this world.
And sure, maybe someone got all they dreamed but just because they have,
doesn't mean they have it all. Maybe all they ever wanted wasn't all these. Maybe,
when you have a lot, you ﬁnd you really have a little.
Maybe when you control so much, you have no control at all.
Maybe, when you get all you desire....you ﬁnd it doesn't amount to all you
thought it be. It isn't as you expected it to be. It isn't as grand as they show on the
TV and movies. It's not as spectacular as one perceived it to be.
I do not know what's in the heart of that person who has all they ever dreamed.
However, one thing I've see throuhout my life.
Human beings will always wants more. Maybe a diﬀerent outcome. Maybe a
diﬀerent way of doing things. Desire will always change direction and human
beings then will always feel there's more.
551 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is having too many male friends, what should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Mar 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no such thing as too many friends, women friends, males friend.

This is your own insecurities. You fear losing her.
So you want to...control her.
She's not your property. You don't own her. Nor are you her property and she
doesn't own you. This isn't love. This is jelousy and posessiveness. These two are
poison mate. They make you needy, desperate and lose focus on what is
important.
Instead of focusing on how many male friends she has, better yourself. Focus on
you're own self development, your attractive qualities, communicating with her,
make her feel alive, arouse her as you talk with her. It is a lost powerful art and a
skill most men do not have.
I don't talk to women like I talk to everyone.
I talk, communicate to such a way it arouses, ignite her emotions, ﬁre up her
imagination to such I get text from women that got to see me. They got to see me
after work! They go to...(ﬁll in the gaps :)
The men out there are not my competition.
She is not the enemy. She is a woman with emotions, desires, needs and she
needs to be free, to make all the friends she wants and you need to be that strong
masculine man who is never fearful for her to spread her wings.
The problem is not the guys out there.
The problem is not her.
You need to sort your own insecurities, get close with your gilfriend without
being needy and desperate. Show her there will be no drama for her to make
friends THEN you need to learn how to be attractive to her.
So much so, it dwarfs other guys out there when she is in the world.
So much so, she will do the same and I prmise you, if a woman loves you, her love
will astound you beyond belief. It's just man have forgotten to be men and lost
this amazing art of conversation that ignites her imagination..and connect
it....with you.
Ah, now that is something that took me years to learn.
It's not what most think it is and it you cannot talk with a woman in same way as
most tell you to. You don't talk to your mum and dad same way as you would a
woman you love when you're alone?
The language changes but it's deeper than that. So much so, when I talk, it is like
women are in a trance, bewildered, aroused, taken far beyond they thought their
minds could take them and beyond what their body could feel..WITHOUT...even
touching.
That's because I listen, I want to connect and I care about making a woman I am
talking to feel amazing. I want her to see the amazing stuﬀ about her without
kissing her ass but with words of a man in which she sees much more of herself
and of me. It's not lazy talk or small talk.
It's not details, facts and ﬁgures. It's enthralling, exciting, arousing, and most of
all you so connect with each other...she can't help but wake up and want to talk
with you and want to spoend time with.
Even when she's at work she's texting in dinner time cause she yearns to hear
from you and give to you.
If you focus on control you will also lose......yourself.

You will choke her and that feeling mate, I felt it before. It's horrible. It makes you
sad. It makes you depressed. It's makes you feel down and you don't want to feel
that everyday.
Instead learn how to communicate with her, arouse her, make her feel alive,
spend time knowing about her. Find out her dreams, her goals, her aspirations,
her fears and talk. Show her you have conﬁdence in her. Let her know, weave
those words like a magician, an artist.
Go out together. Let her see why she needs to spend more time with you without
telling her that. Read tons of books about this and about bettering yourself from
the inside.
Master yourself and you shall be teacher of men and women but if you aim for
control, you shall be the slave of your fears.
Be a Man who does not fear loss.
Be that Boyfriend where she can relax, knowing she has a strong man who isn't
insecure and who no matter what, is stronger than all the drama, and all that
world can throw at him.
Be that strong man/
Let go of fear of loss and focus on yourself to be stronger, knowledgable in ways of
women to such the comparison out there means shit to her when she knows what
she has with you.
It's not that diﬃcult these days. Believe me. It's not. So move your focus on
yourself and making her feel alive.
Start with never seeing a woman as your property, an object, a thing but a human
being, a person whom no one owns. That you detach from fear of loss and you
focus in bettering yourself in mindset and knowledge as well... ignite her from
the inside. Be the lover and the friend she knows she can be who she is....without
fear.
Encourage her to make loads of friends with guys.
Encourage her to spread her wings. Show you are strong and that you have no
fear and that she does not deﬁne your world nor can she take from your world if
she leaves. But she can grow being with you and enrich her life as you enrich hers
but it must be done without possessiveness.
Trust is very important in any relationship.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 20-year-old woman. I want to date a 35-year-old man. Why
are so many people against it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wherever you go, people will tell you what you can't do, what won't work, what
cannot happen, why it is wrong and on it goes. They will tell you they older and
how you ain't mature.
Everywhere you go, you will hear this about your dreams, your goals, what you
wear, who you date and even the god damn food you eat.
You can be young, legal age, 16 to 50 and someone, somewhere will tell you this is
wrong, this not right, don’t do this because…because….because.
You will hear people say this relationship is the deal, this one isn't. fuckbuddy is
bad, marriage is good, marriage is shit and hello to fuckbuddy, pologamy yes, to

what the hell is this.
If you wear some clothes, someone is going to tell you it's too short, too tight, too
long, to colourful, too sexy and on..and on.
Might as well throw in the fact, that if you give an answer to even a question
about a guy who is dating a girl that doens't want touch, hold hand, kiss, cuddle,
nothing, and I say what the hell is with her for anyway, and why she even calls
him a boyfriend, and how they are not compatible...you get women telling me
they are not compatible with me....like they even had a damn chance.
You get people scared to speak up because they will have to go against the
masses. They will lose followers. They will lose votes. They will lose their
reputation and they so got to ﬁt in to..
“What will people say about our daughter/son, who is dating someone older. My oh
my, what will people say ABOUT US!”
You're going to meet such people.
That's why you need to be strong.
You have to, so you live a life like you don't give a fuck what anyone thinks about
who you date and what you do with your life.
Yes, people will tell you a 16 year old married a 40, a 20 years old with a 38 years
old, 3o with a 18 year old…..is blah blah and will make it that they so care for you.
That you're not mature enough, don't know much about life, not old enough.
That it is advising blah blah.
Not really/
They care for themselves and how it looks on them.
They don’t give a damn about you. You can end up broke, living in the street and
they won’t bother you but judge you.
That is how society is.
Everyone just gives opinions.
That is all it is. Opinions.
If you knew, just knew, the shit that I had to go through coming from a tight
religious cultural community and my life story...your jaw would probably drop. I
thank them. I'm stronger and badass it for it.
Some think I am cocksure. Yes, I am. I have to be because if you don't stand for
something then you stand for everything and nothing.
Doesn't mean I don't listen to other people's opinions. It's just I know what I know
and what I know is....people just tell you their..perception...their reality...and
nothing else but that.
Everyone thinks they got the truth.
I dig that. No problem but it's not my truth and it's not yours. You have your own
but in following it you must own it. You must be accountable for it and you
cannot blame anyone if something happens but you can both take all the credit
for making it work.
It doesn't matter 20 or him even 45.
Relationships die even when they same age, same country, same beliefs, same
whatever. Nothing is deﬁnite except how you two are into each other and your
both absolutely determined nothing gets in your way.

Distance, this and that are all but excuses. If people want to make it work, they
will make it work. If they don’t then anything, and everything, from age,
distance, time, this feeling or that feeling will be an excuse to be used to not make
it work.
Opinions of what you cannot do, this and that is everywhere.
No matter where you go.
So you need to get used to it.
Have the DON'T GIVE A FUCK ATTITUDE in your mind.
Because LOVE is not enough.
That doesn't mean what you have is nothing.
You need to appreciate that love is not enough.
It needs more. It needs courage, communication, skills, knowledge, and lots of
things that both of you need to bring together. Then together, it is you and him,
and the world can...well..raise the middle ﬁnger in your mind.
You don't say it but you live like you OWN your life, CLAIM it and people can say
anything they want because you don't need their acceptance, validation and
approval.
Like I don't need anyone's acceptance and validation too.
So personally, from a guy who had to battle such things for years, who dates
younger women - I'd say don't worry about what others thinks.
It's been there for centuries.
It will be here even when you and I and most of people here are gone.
You and the guy just focus on each other.
If you both into each other, both want it to work...that's all that matters.
Give it all you got...and I hope you're both happy, and grow together, enjoying life
and having a blast.
Don't mind the people, don't try convince them and just live your life.
Let them look. Let them stare.
Let them say whatever they dare
I shall live the life I desire
The more they do...it...lifts me higher
45.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it OK to stay single forever?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If getting a job was hard, do I quit applying for jobs? If getting into some colleges
hard, do I quit trying. If getting clients hard to do I quit and say it is so hard,
process so hard?
I'd get better at it
I'd ﬁnd what is going wrong.
I'd consult a professional to see what's going on.
I'll ﬁx it.

Unfortunately, from many men I've advised, coached, they have no clue and the
men they associate with don't have a clue either. I am not advising to ﬁsh. I'm
fully booked for 3 months straight.
Step back and be honest with yourself.
Is this really about being single for....the right reasons?
Most people might tell you to focus on your passion. That's their excuse for not
knowing the answer either. They quit too because it was.....hard.
We like to rationalise things to avoid discomfort.
When pain looks greater that pleasure, we rationalise to ourselves that single is
good, maybe blame it on assholes, jerks, women and on it goes.
You know, how the comfort zone is.
We don't like discomfort and we come to a place where we are challenged and we
know, yes we do, that it's going to be a little painful but it will also be VERY
painful if we don't know how to do what we need to do for real.
And that's the problem.
Most do not know and have never really learnt what needs to be learnt. Nor gave
enough time to get good at each part of what they need to learn. They look for
half assed measures than really doing the tasks that needs them to work on
themselves, on their social skills and such skills of a diﬀerent kind.
It's a lesson most men and women don't pick up and a lesson that impacts their
life.
You see, you can approach anything, and fail miserably all the time. Failure is
when someone does the same mistake...over and over again. They don't learn
from their mistakes, to ﬁgure out what is going wrong.
So they say..
"Oh it's hard. The process is hard. Meh, forget it."
So its not about whether it's ok or not in regards to being single.
It's not about whether it's being acceptable.
It's not about whether society thinks this or that.
I bet you do a lot of things where you don't give a shit what others thinks. I bet
you do things no one even knows about and so you don't ask for permission for
them. You just go and do it.
But now...ah...now you do because you are probably looking for someone one to
tell you, "Yeah, give up because I AM SINGLE, I tried but didn't happen but
hey...there's more to life than this.."
That's their life and you won't be living their life. You want the same result as
their life based? How do you know what they learnt, what they invested in and
what they didn't do enough of?
You don't.
Society don't know about dating either.
Must clumsily plodding along and really don't know. Hoping it will happen by
chance or trying harder. Hoping by talking like they do with everyone else, it
happens. Hoping the right person will one day appear like magic.
Like Disney movie.

Like Cinderella.
Like the Knight come to rescue a damsel and he heard her from a far or some
advert on a Tavern billboard said a princess needs rescuing. Or she wishes upon a
star and one day the right person appears as they bump into each other without
any proactive action on her part.
Like it just happened.
It doesn't just happen like then movies. I wish it did but it doesn't.
It's knowledge and skill.
It's something one learns and you don't learn this by just doing it. You need to
learn from someone who knows how.
If I marketed and sold products in way I talk to people in general, you think I'd
make a god damn dime?
Of course not!
Yet all time we see men and women advise..
"Oh we're all people! Just talk like you're taking to people."
So there's no psychology then?
There's no science then?
There's no process?
There's no structure?
There's no unconscious mind and conscious mind?
There's no collective insecurities, fears people have?
There is no skill to know how to project ones quality in an attractive manner?
You do what? Talk to people because women and men are...just...people.
We're not just people. We're ﬁlled with lots of memories in our unconscious,
patterns, emotions, fears, doubts, insecurities, and what we do triggers such
things and can also trigger the positive side too.
Companies don't spend millions on marketing for nothing.
Be aware, very aware when people advise in this manner. They don't know what
they talking about and I do, because I am in the ﬁeld doing it. If I listen to such
advise as just talk to women like you talk to everyone, I'd not get anywhere.
That is why I failed years ago but when I faced reality, saw the world not the way I
wanted to but for what it is...success!
There is a process. There is a language. There is a pattern for everything and each
one will be diﬀerent depending what it is you desire to achieve.
You need to ﬁgure that and learn it.
No one is really going to hand it to you for free. No one did so for me.
That's what I did when I failed in past in my teens and fortunately, I found
someone who knew how and I read tons of books on psychology and mucn
more.... and realised, most people haven't a clue on such matters.
All the adults around me didn't have a clue.
The ones who are suppose to prepare me in life didn't have a clue.

Even some of the Dating Coaches didn't have a clue. They were just repeating
what many books and websites were saying.
I went so damn deep in knowledge to break it all down and see what went wrong.
I applied for years, tested, reﬁned, see what works in the real world and what
didn't work.
I learnt more about myself and women that I could ever imagine but I also learnt
people are giving the wrong rules, wrong tools and the wrong path when it comes
to dating.
And if anyone tells you there are no rules then they are saying there is no such
thing as sex selection. There is no such thing as pre-selecton. There is no such
thing as psychology. That there are no such thing as therapists and science.
That social status does not exist. That none of what truly inﬂuences people's
decisions really exist.
It becomes hard because one hasn't the knowledge, the experience to learn from
and the right tools. So of course dating process is going to be hard.
It's like someone advising you....
"Hey! Don't worry about the guns and tanks. Use these bows and arrows. Just
have a....positive mind. Just ﬁght the way you ﬁght anywhere else."
Like every strategy and every tool is ok for EVERYTHING. Like every tactic is ok
for everything. Like every model is suppose to be great for...everyone.
This is where so many fail and get lead with the blind following the blind.
Now, if you're saying "is it ok to be single" because it's hard process then sorry
mate, but that's a right cop out.
I don't think this is about "being single" because it makes you happy.
It's about you being single because you haven't ﬁgured out how to approach
women, ignite their emotions, lead their imaginations.
It's about you looking to rationalise to quit so you just go back to comfort zone. To
just be comfortable.
But for a moment reﬂect on this...
Imagine, if you got children?
They be where you are. They won't know either and it's one's role to make sure
they do are prepared, have the knowledge, the skills and the right tools to help
them.
Or they will be like most typical teens, adults, men and women, with no idea and
then say it's because they shy, they have social anxiety blah blah blah.
Imagine your nephews needed help but no one, not even adults know how to
approach and attract what they want.
You couldve been this person to show them the way.
If you don't ﬁgure this lesson out, you're going to have a harder time when you
get older. So it's your choice.
Either ﬁgure it out now so it gets easier but consult someone who knows. Read
about it. Learn about it but with expertise help. You ﬁght for it. You turn every
god damn stone until you ﬁnd how it's done for real, as I did.
Or wait for years to come and ﬁnd yourself stuck.

But in regards to whether it is ok to be single, acceptable...what do you care what
someone else thinks if it's ok or not?
Do whatever you want but don't choose something to walk away from a lesson
because it's hard. You'll start doing that for most things in your life.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a good idea to remain friends with ex-girlfriends or
boyfriends?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Mar 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends.
If you are being friends to try to win the ex-girlfriend or boyfriend back then I
would suggest no. It doesn't end well for you and it's just not worth it. It's also
manipulative and emotionally draining for both of you.
You'll start looking at things, trying to ﬁnd some meaning and all that from
whatever you see the ex is doing.
Best to move on.
I would ﬁrst focus on yourself, make sure you've moved, focus on your life,
passion and just give yourself sometime.
I'm personally busy guy, so I rather just move on. I get people want to stay in
touch but for me, it's time. Time on phone, meeting and all that when I got a life
to live, dating other women, and building my business model and spending time
with many friends, going out and such.
Just don't have time to linger in the past.
So it depends on you and that it's not about winning them back.
4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Daniel Koch

Why do guys think nice guys ﬁnish last?What is it with the
unbelievably irrational idea that all women love jerks? This
isn't true at all. Perhaps when we're teens we like people who
are emotionally unstable, but it’s because we don’t know better.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like to give a diﬀerent perspective...
The Nice Guy...doesn't ﬁnish last at all. That in a sense where most get it all
wrong.
The Nice Guy doesn't.......even....get started.
See the diﬀerence now?
Nice Guys are all about DOING what the woman wants all the time. He'll
approach to please her. He approaches to convince her with his politeness. He is
scared to oﬀend and get her angry.
He will do what the woman wants all the time!
So if I was a guy asking why nice guys don't even get started, to a woman, I'd say
simply this...
"All he cares about...is what YOU want. He will agree to everything you want. He
will not have his own voice. He will not have his own mind. He is not authentic. He
is SPINELESS. All he cares about is...what YOU want."

No woman wants that.
If she does, well, she's looking for a doormat.
You can buy these for a couple of dollars at Walmart or Sainsbury's :)
You can ﬁnd many questions on Quora to see how many guys have become
doormats. Latest question is a guy who has a girlfriend that cheated on him FIVE
TIMES and he is still fucking asking..
"What should I do?"
That's a Nice Guy! That's what Nice Guys get. That's why they get walked all over.
They have no self respect and will do anything, lower themselves so low, for
pussy, for some ass and do whatever THE WOMAN WANTS!
They never ask..."what do I want?"
Always, "what does she want?"
What kind of woman wants a man like that?
A woman who wants a doormat. A woman who wants to use him as a Tampon! A
woman who has no respect for him.
A woman pissed with the world and does him in for it.
A woman who is a gold digger.
A woman who know how, she can use her pussy to control him. Dictating when
he can kiss, when he can have sex, when he can go out, when he can do this and
that's because all he cares about is what...she..want....to get some ass!
Most women want a man who is conﬁdent.
They want a man who knows what he wants and will say what he wants.
AND...yet, he still has this sensitivity to know what the woman wants too and how
to give what she wants.
Without compromising his self respect.
Such a guy is bold, unafraid to sexualise from day one in a fun way and has the
balls to walk away if the woman doesn't qualify for him to spend more time on
her.
He has his purpose. He has his own values. He has his own boundaries. He has
his own desires. He has his journey.
He has...self respect.
If a woman ﬁnds his approach oﬀensive, he will reject her and if she rejects him,
that's ﬁne too. She isn't the only woman on this planet.
Women are not the choosers except if he's a nice guy because a Nice Guy will be
orbiting around her, chasing her, while a conﬁdent man is approaching many
women and will be dating someone fast.
He will move on very fast and that's what's also appealing with such a conﬁdent
guy. He knows that femininity is about in the moment.
So instead of convincing her by begging, chasing, he smiles and walks away. He
be bold in his approach and it may seem cocky/rude but when he leaves, and she
ﬁnds herself orbited with Nice Guys...it suddenly dawns on her...and...makes her
realise what walked away.

A conﬁdent man who said to her, "I WANT YOU!" and he wasn't apologetic about
it and he did it that way as I do, to screen out women who are insecure, who talk
about players, and how guys just want sex.
Who are apologetic about their feminity and sexuality.
What man wants such a woman?
Not the conﬁdent man.
The NICE GUY does though because he will do whatever, take whatever and
compromise everything...for some ass.
Not a conﬁdent man who has self respect.
So while women avoid Nice guys...Conﬁdent Men also avoid women who are
apologetic about their feminity and sexuality. Play hard to get and complain,
whinge about their sexuality to the conﬁdent man AND....and he will walk away
fast and approach other women.
Same for women!
They are not entitled for dating a man, having meals, resturants or anything else.
That's not dating.
Conﬁdent man have had enough of immaturity and insecure women.
He's not having it anymore and so, he knows what he knows and he will know
what she wants but if she isn't willing to see him as a MAN....if she is apologetic
about her sexuality, if she gives him drama.... bye, bye. NEXT!
Go and date some Nice Guy. Plenty of them. Woman only has to turn her head
and there is a crowd of Nice Guys ready to jump.
Conﬁdent men are rare breeds.
Go and date a guy who will wine and dine, and argue about who pays what. Go
and walk about for hours and weeks pretending you're not sexual beings. Then
complain why he didn't touch, kiss or did anything.
It's ﬁne for a conﬁdent man because there's plenty of women on this planet who
are not apologetic, insecure, about their feminity and sexuality. He knows what
he wants and he knows what he doesn't want.
Conﬁdent men are not apologetic about being a MAN.
When he sexualises he is seeing who is insecure. Who is seeing feminity and
sexuality as bad. He's being fun to see what's in her mind. He sees what
insecurities has she got? He is seeing what her mindset is. He is checking what
environment she comes from and what she is inﬂuenced by.
He is seeing if she is her own mind or follows the social norms. Can she make her
own mind up or lover for social status?
He is seeing if she can HANDLE a Conﬁdent man.
If she can't.....he EXPECTS her to say no.
He wants her to reject him.
Rejection for him is a blessing not some judgement of who he is. He KNOWS who
he is. He don't need any woman telling him who he is.
While a Nice Guy seeks validation, acceptance and to be liked.
The Nice Guy fears sexualisation in ﬂirting, in words, in teasing, in texting, on
phone call or private messages because he fears losing. He puts so much stock on

a woman's opinion over his own opinion about himself that he doesn't have then
balls to have standards.
Not the conﬁdent man! He KNOWS who he is.
He doesn't need validation and acceptance.
He wants to know who she is and if she is in state of mindset where she can
handle such a man or not.
He doesn't fear loss.
He expects a woman who cannot handle him to reject him so he can move on
fast to attract women who can appreciate who he is, that he is a man who
knows what he wants...AND sensitive to also know what she wants AND..will
give her what she wants!
So a woman can say all she likes, "Oh if he's so rude, I will never.."
She isn't the ONLY woman on this planet.
The amount of women who comment and I delete because of their damn rants
about..
"Oh you're screening out women but you might be screening out IMPRESSIVE
women and..."
Pull the other one. Nonsense!
The Conﬁdenct Man knows the grass is greener on the side he waters the
most, so he doesn'r give a damn about other women who might be so
impressive but he might have misssed out.
There is no such thing to him as having missed out.
He doesn't live in that poor state of mind.
He has an abundance mentality and that's what most men and women don't get
about the conﬁdent guy. He doesn't fear loss.
Like I give a shit
There are many women who want such a man and the faster her moves on,
screening them out....the faster he attracts such women who want such a man.
This behaviour is attractive for many women and so, if the woman sees that he
handle himself, then why not date him. Why not date a man who has options,
who can move on, who has self respect and who can handle the storm with a
smile, laugh and walk away!
Why not date a conﬁdent man who has a greater purpose and doesn't think the
light shines out of a woman's ass and she's some princess?
Why won't she date a man who will challenge her and who won't agree to
everything she has because..he has own opinions too?
Of course most women will be drawn to such a man.
Nice Guys are apologetic about their sexuality.
Apologetic about being a MAN.
All for what?
Impressing a woman. Giving her what she wants and that is all he cares about.
He lacks knowledge about himself. He thinks he's entitled to date a woman and
have sex because he's nice, considerate and polite.

He is afraid to make a stand when any woman tries it on with some bullshit. He's
afraid to make a stand for what he wants and what he believes in.
He's a PUSH OVER.
And when he doesn't get what he wants...
HE ISN'T SO NICE IS HE NOW?!
No, now he's calling every woman a slut, a whore, too easy and all women are
bitches, and how they date jerks and assholes and not him because he's...so
nice...so polite with a god damn degree and 4 languages, and his car.
He isn't nice now is he? Damn right he isn't.
This isn't about nice.
Let's remove "NICE" and replace it with "PUSH OVER" and a "DOORMAT" (ps had
to give props Maya Kathryn for this. Made sense to add what you said to make it
thedistinction much clear. Cheers! :)
He's not a nice guy in a sense most think he is.
No one has a problem with nice guys.
He's a guy who is a push over, a spinless guy who acts like a doormat.
A guy who complains, whinges, blames other guys for his own poor mindset, self
esteem, his poor experience, poor skills, poor knowledge on women and reeks of
cowardiness when it comes to women.
So when we say Nice Guy, we don't mean don't mean nice. We don't mean the
Nice guy as someone who respects people, who is smiles, makes you feel good.
We need to get an understanding of the..lingo.
The Nice Guy is a wuss, a spinless dude, a guy who thinks he is entitled to date,
sex and uses the nice, desperate needy, push over and doormat attitude to try to
get into a womans....pants.
When he doesn't get what he wants he doesn't move on.
Oh No! He is bitching, crying, begging, for months and sometimes years about
this one girl who didn't like him or and opened her legs for him! He'll blame the
world and call her everything under the sun.
Even when he does get the girl...he gets treated like shit and wonders why?
He should know why.
So yes...
Nice Guys don't ﬁnish last.
They never get started in the ﬁrst place.
6k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever had a friend who made you feel stupid every time
you talked to him or her?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Mar 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh yeah, sure. I had some like that. I just told them exactly how I felt and they
never did it again.
It's amazing you see when you have self respect.

You don't ever have to allow anyone to shit test you by them trying to prove some
status. I have no problems in making sure no one tries it on.
When you moved on from wanting validation, acceptance, to be liked and detach
from fear of loss...you now stand up for yourself. You also know what a good
friend is.
They are friends who respect you, make you feel amazing and encourage you.
They don't nit pick, they don't talk down at you and they don't try to act like some
smart ass with you to prove some status.
Know what your values are.
Have boundaries,
Stand up for them without fear of loss in a calm respectful manner. If they don't
like it they can, well, fuck oﬀ out of your life :)
930 Views · View Upvoters

What are some useful advice to heal after a breakup?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You may not like my answer but the following steps helps you to heal, move on
and they are very important steps for your own health. As well as for your on
future to help you to grow and move on.
1. If you don't make a clean break it will emotionally drain you. You got
move on, heal and focus on yourself. Yes, be selﬁsh for your own sanity
and emotions. Don't be friends with ex especially if you're still into the
person. By that I mean no more contact. It's done.
You can still do this amicably. Just say you cannot do it and you're
moving on. You need time for yourself. No debate about it. The ex has no
choice. It's over. You move on.
If you keep in touch then it feeds on your thoughts and you need a clean
break. Until you are very emtionally strong, healed, moved on, dating
someone else 6 month down then line or so. The focus must be on you
now.
2. Block phone number. No more texting back and forth. No more talking
on the phone. Clean break of moving on.
3. Unfollow everywhere on social media. No snooping to see what's going
on. This will only feed your thoughts even more. See 1.
4. Focus on you now. You need time to heal, time for yourself, time to ﬁnd
some comfort in your lonliness. Learn that being alone is your strength,
it is loving yourself. The conﬁdent men and women don't fear loneliness.
They see it as solitude, self love and it's their right.
5. Put some party clothes on and have some fun. Yes, go and live. Enjoy
time for you. Meet new people. Make new friends.
6. Don't date anyone for a while. Instead just focus on you. Heal.
These steps helped a lot of friends I know who needed my advise on such
matters. It will be diﬃcult at ﬁrst but I promise you, it will get better and you will
ﬁnd yourself so relieved you did these steps.
All the best :)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Balding has totally ruined my dating life. What are your
experiences?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Mar 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take a look at this photo..
I shave my head. My dating skyrocket. How come?

Because my conﬁdence is very high and it doesn't come with pretending I am
conﬁdent. It came with work I needed to do within myself but also work I did in
the outside world. Work most guys won't do.

Below..(sorry about blur image). I am the man who walks in night clubs with a
mindset that I own the place and just having fun. I go into groups of women and
even guys and get them talking and we have a laugh. I don't go in looking for girls
to date. I go to help to give a good time.

Making people feel good, making women even ﬂirt with each other, making them
laugh and to move them all to my circle. That draws the others in and guys too; by
the time I'm done...it's a massive crowd that other women notice. The vibe is
great and I get a lot of phone numbers.
People remember how you make them feel. Conﬁdence is also knowing you got a
lot to oﬀer and knowing how to demonstrate it wherever you are. Shaving my
head hasn't changed anything. It only made be stronger to not give a damn how
people see me. It gave me a thick skin.
Even when I lost some weight a while back I am still conﬁdent. I'm bigger now as
I hit the gym 4 -5 times a week but even losing weight doesn't stop women
wanting to connect with you. However, the moment you show insecurity, it is like
energy that pushes many women away as they want a man not a child.

Women want strong men. Conﬁdent men. A man who knows who he is no matter
if he loses weight or he doesn't look good physically. There is no comparison
between a man who has low self esteem to a man who has conﬁdence. He excites
them, he doesn't play safe, he arouses their emotionally and mentally.
Here's me again..having fun. Not care in the world...

Here's me in diﬀerent countries...Geneva, Paris. Monaco

Here's me wearing a cap and a hat. So if you're into wearing caps or hats you can
have fun with them too. I like wearing hats too:

Going bald?
Ok then.....shave your head..

However, it still won't solve the problem.
This is an internal problem you're going through. It has nothing to do with you
going bald. It's your own insecurities and most of all, you may need help in how

to build your conﬁdence up.
1. I want you to ﬁnd a place in your apartment
2. Switch the light oﬀ and phone etc oﬀ.
3. Then imagine yourself with a bald or shaved head and you're making it
happen. You're dressed in a certain way. It will take to make this image
clear but keep doing it everday, for one hour in morning and one hour in
evening.
4. Imagine you see that person who is you walking up to women, attractive
women, smiling and conversing, ﬂirting and they are enjoying your
company. Feel his energy. Really feel, smell, hear everything around this
person.
5. Now, step.... INTO....this person so you see through his eyes.
6. Now feel the energy, the conﬁdence that guy has but this time it is you.
You're looking through your eyes and doing the activiti. Touch your wrist
when you feel it all.....
This is called anchoring the feeling.
7. Do this again and again everyday and now when you feel the feeling of
doubt, insecurity.....touch that part of the wrist. You will feel the feeling
again rush through your body.
So use meditation in a more practical way to help you visualise so your
unconscious mind helps you later on.
When you put such eﬀort in, you also put energy and this engages the brain.
Eﬀort + Energy + Consistency = Unconscious Mind Gets Engaged.
You won't be able to engage your unconscious mind until you do this often and
consistently.
When you told your unconscious mind that this is who you are and not the
information that is soul breaking...then it will realise you are...serious!
That you're serious about this growth and change.
Then it will help you.
It will be diﬃcult in the beginning when learning to do something new. It takes a
lot more eﬀort, energy. Later it becomes a habit in which the unconscious mind
begings to help you.
Like you're learning to walk, riding a bycycle or driving a car.
You're unconscious will take over to do many tasks because it is a mult-tasker.
There will be less eﬀort from you to focus on many things.
The beauty is when you do a diﬀerent pattern, a routine, it grabs the attention of
the attention. This then what you're doing is new, diﬀerent routine and will get
the attention of the brain to observe why you're doing.
It will also hit that pattern negativity hard.
In Hypnosis, one of the techniques is doing something diﬀerent.
Like a patient won't stop talking about the same thing to avoid talking about the
real issue. However, the therapist walks in the room but this time he takes oﬀ his
jacket turns it inside out and hangs it and says to patient to do it too.
The patient does it and suddenly, there is a change in his routine. Now the patient
wants to talk about the real issue. The unconscious mind has been stimulated

and it's detected a diﬀerent pattern and it is now open to suggestions even more
for the patient to get more help.
To make the unconscious mind realise you are very serious, you need to do
diﬀerent routines as in your actions.
So on top of your visualising that is now showing to your unconscious you're
doing diﬀerent, you also do the following....
1. Read books about women psychology, self development, people social
skills and the psychology of social dynamics.
2. Go out and socialise with women/men, whoever you meet. Forget about
dating. Just mingle. Know your passion and go out there to talk with
people. Change your routine in doing these activities.
3. Consistently converse with them without the need to look for a date. So
instead of holding back and observing...interact. Be bold without need
for validation and acceptance.
4. Approach strangers and ask them for direction just to get over any
anxiety. This is a new routine.
5. Give to people. Approach women and say, "Hey, how was your day"
genuinely. This is a new routine.
6. Consistently focus the camera of your mind outwards instead of inside
and towards you. This prevents you beating yourself up and judging
yourself regarding your balding.
As you can see from the above, you're lifestyle will change because the routine
now in how you think and actions you're doing will be diﬀerent to what you
maybe doing for some years.
It gets the unconscius mind to take notice and it begins to wonder why you are
doing it. However, the more you use your conscious i.e. walk, approach, eyes,
ears, smell, mouth to talk, and touch...the more information you give to your
unconscious so it can help you.
I have many clients who are good looking and far more attractive than me. I have
relatives who are far more attractive looking than me. My other side of relatives
are white british married to our family.
Some of the guys are far better looking than me.
It's not them giving me advise on women and nor are they having much fun or
success with women. It's me who is.
It's not because my shaved head has given me some magic powers.
It's because I am conﬁdent, I invested in myself, gained knowledge, skills and
experience. All these helped to develop me from the inside. The unconscious
mind is now helping me.
Hope the answer gives you some practical steps and an example of someone who
shaves his head to inspire you to look at the bigger picture.
That there is much more to you than you can ever possibly imagine.
The stuﬀ women will love to know about if you know how to bring it out from way
deep within you. If you know how to captivate their emotions and lead their
imagination which arouses and so want to connect with you.
All the best :)
18.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I reply to a girl that says "We need to get to know each
other"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - We need to get to now each other
Reply - If you haven't noticed I don't know you that well either. So when you like to
meet, wednesday or thursday?

Girl - I'm not ready for a relationship
Reply - If you haven't noticed, neither am I and it's premature to think relationship
when we don't even know each other.
When you like to meet, wednesday or thursday?

Girl - I'm so busy you know
Reply - If you haven't noticed, everyone is busy and so am I. When do you like to
meet, wednesday or thursday?

Girl - I am still sorting out with ex - boyfriend
Reply - If you haven't noticed, a lot of people are in or out of relationships but they
still connect with people. It's fun, we get to know more people and enrich our lives.
We never know what might happen in the future. :)
When you like to meet, wednesday or thursday?

Question was sent asking what if it feels like you're pushy and she doesn't want to
now meet up.
Doesn't bother me in the least. She may not realise, I am a chooser. She's one
woman and I approach many. High number of women have no backbone to
approach men so she isn't the choose.
Women can say, "OOoh if a guy pushes me blah blah then I won't met him.."
This is how I qualify women. It ﬁlters them out fast and I move on. If this gets
them thinking "OOo...Ooooh my boundaries," then I know they'd be a pain in ass
later on. If a woman doesn't know how to show excitement and show she is
interested rather than "I don't know you," it is not good enough for me and I move
on.
So most women think they choose but most don't approach men. They have to
wait for men to approach them. They don't choose. I do because when I move on
women have to wait for some guy to now approach.
I don't need to wait. I'm moving on to the next women as I don't believe in "the
one" and "soul mate."
I have no fear of loss so I will appoach other women.
Now everyone can try it and just add your own spin. Whatever makes you
comfortable. The above is just me.

So depends what makes you comfortable and just add it. Or it might give you
ideas to open your mind to try something else.
:)
25.5k Views · View Upvoters

I asked this guy I brieﬂy met out for coﬀee and he said maybe,
so I took it as a sign that he's not interested and forgot about
him. Now whenever I see him, he avoids me. Is it too forward to
ask guys out for coﬀee?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Mar 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A friend told me a story of how they met. She and her sister walked into this big
supermarket shop. She liked this guy and so, she and her sister would go to this
supermarket to buy their stuﬀ.
One item a day to pluck the courage to ask this guy out.
She was intimidated because she saw him always working on the cash till and it
looked busy. You know how it is sometimes. We have this perception and the
pressure of social norms due to social conditioning.
Like guys, they see a woman they like but lots of people around or she's with a
group of friends or she's reading in a cafe...or she's texting.
Then you remember what people say or your own fears..
"You can't do this. They are busy."
"You don't do that. It's to forward.
"Oh no, women don't ask guys out."
"Oh men shouldn't approach women in street."
She'd go everyday, but seem to lose the courage to ask him out for coﬀfee the
moment she saw him. So much so, even the workers noticed what's going on and
they told him but he didn't believe them.
Then one day, she went to the supermarket without her sister and bought some
milk. The workers are whispering and one nudges him to tell him she's here again
and he needs to ask her out.
But he's also nervous and he cannot believe she be interested in him.
However, she walks right up to him and says..
"Hi, erm, would you like to go for coﬀee with me after work?" She looked away to
side...getting ready for the rejection but..
"YES! Ok."
"When do you ﬁnish work?" She asked.
"7pm."
"Great. I'll come over 7pm and we can go for coﬀee together?"
"See you then." He said smiling.
As she left....the workers waited...waited...and when she got into her car and
gone...they all said, "See, we told you! We told you! What if she didn't ask. You'd
have let her walk away!"
And he was like, "OK...Ok..you was right She was interested in me."

They have been with each other for years Beautiful people, they have children too
and they run a business together.
You see, it's not too forward to ask a guy for coﬀee, for a date, for whatever. These
are social norms dictated by how the masses who follow each other, what what is
favourable to the majority because if you follow..you get reward. So people get
scared doing what they want to...just in case they get punished by onlookers, or
rejected, or judgement...pointed at and humilated.
It's all in the head.
It's not too foward. No such thing.
You decide and don't worry about what someone else thinks when approaching.
That took courage and that's a quality most women don't have when it comes to
dating. They just send subtle messages which goes way over a guy's head.
If you ask a guy out for coﬀee but he isn't interested in you then he will say no. If
he's iunsecure he will ignore you too. and behave weird.
It's not you...it's him. Don't see someone acting all that and think it's you and you
did something too forward.
Don't let that stop you because you can ask many guys out for coﬀee and some
will say no but...the one who is interested in you....will say yes. Even if you act
shy, mess up in your words, your head is down cause you're shy or something...he
will say yes and he will follow through.
A woman did that with me.
She wasn't someone I'd really ask out but when she did that, boom! It made her
attractive to me because one of the values I really love is conﬁdence. It is a
woman who knows what she wants and goes for what she wants. I really like
women who have this quality.
She can be average looking compared to how society see looks but when she does
that to me.....I see a woman who is attractive. It gets my attention. I want to know
who she is now. She was shy too. She was head down a little. She was nervous but
she approached me and said it. I had to ﬁnd out more about her instantly!
We went out for coﬀee right there and then!
And I fell for her personality. She opened up after we had coﬀee and we walked
together, and I felt this amazing connection with her.
We dated for 2 years until she ﬁnished her studies to go back to Dubia.
So don't let one guy or 10 who act in that way, who say no and start to ignoring
you. It's about you. Just think,
"Would you be interested in a guy who treats a woman like that, a woman who
asked him out?"
There we go. You now see him for who he is. Insecure instead of being ﬂattered
someone gave him a compliment.
Keep doing what you're doing.
You did great.
12.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Monica Queensbury

If she doesn't want anything with me right now should I text
her and say something? Should I go after her and text her if I
know she still loves me?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course you should text her right now.
You go ahead and...
1. She will see that she was so right about you
2. That you're that guy who has no self respect for himself to move on
3. That if ever she was in a relationship with you it be drama and pathetic
4. That you don't get her, respect her wishes and you be like the average
frustrated chumps who are clngy, crying like some Romantic who can't
seem to diﬀerentiate between fantasy and reality
5. That youre the typical image of the frustrated chump she and her
friends, and all girls talk about and fed up with....in regards how they so
annoying, desperate, needy and no wonder girls zone them hard and
walk all over them
6. That you have no options - no other girls pursuing you and she'll think,
"Yeah, and these are the reason why. I tell him I don't want anything to do
with him AND STILL he calls me. I mean what kind of desperate, needy,
guy does that? I'm so damn right!"
7. That you think LOVE is enough and it's one sided. It is and will never,
ever, ever be enough. Love is never enouggh and if the otehr person does
not recipocrate the feelings too....then it's a fantasy and you're in loe with
the IDEA of her not her.
Her...is saying "respect my choice. I don't want anything to do with you."
Someone who really loves a person will do that...walk away but someone
infatuated, immature, the NICE GUY who isn't so NICE...is in love with
the IDEA of the girl. The guy who keeps building some fantasy in their
head.
So yes, of course, hammer that nail in the coﬃn so hard. Might as well show her
you are like most typical average frustrated chump who put women on a pedestal
instead of walking away and approaching other women.
Might as well prove to her why she doesn't want anything to do with you.
OR...do what's easier in the long run...
You can be more attractive by focusing on yourself
You detach from this neediness, desperation and love yourself.
You distance yourself from her, delete her number and show if a woman
can't see your value, you're a man who will never beg and chase. Instead
you got self respect, character and integrity to not act so desperate and
needy
You approach other women, and in doing so....you learn more, you grow
more and you show you can move on. That she ain't the only woman on
this planet and you prove to yourself she ain't either. This builds your
conﬁdence.
That your time is valuable so you're not going to ever bother wasting
time and spending time on anyone, who tells you they don't care about
you...and how they don't want you in their life.
You don't pause your life for anyone including a woman because she will
still live her life, have fun, date other guys while you put your life on hold
for her. A woman who don't give a shit...about...you.

But hey, what does Adam Taha know.
Go ahead, be my guest and learn...the harder way if you want or the easier way.
11.6k Views · View Upvoters

If you would summarize your own life wisdom in a quote, what
would it be?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences

Answered Mar 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"It's not what you need
but what you already have that will take you
as far as you want to go."
335 Views · View Upvoters

How can I meet singles on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Mar 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I ﬁnd a girlfriend on Quora?

Here's how I did it and without even the intention of doing it...
1. Know your topic. Focus on what you know about
2. Invest in knowledge and apply what you know
3. Then answer questions like a badass
4. Make your answers valuable
5. Have your own personality and voice
6. And don't be intimidated by someone who doens't agree. It's their
opinion, their reality not yours.
7. Stick to what you know and believe in.
That's what I did and do it with passion, burn inside of me to want people to
beneﬁt in what I read even if the whole god damn world doesn't agree with what I
share. I know my stuﬀ. I know it and done it.
Then one day...
You'll might just receive messages that I have from amazing, smart, attractive,
conﬁdent, women.
But even then, it's not enough.
You will need to know how to connect as you converse.
All in all, I came to Quora to just share knowledge, and intention is sharing
knowledge but knowledge does attract intelligent smart women....and I don't
mind at all when women contact me.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is it like to live in London?
Adam Taha, marketing
Answered Mar 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's awesome. For me, everything real close with shops, resturants,
shops..resturants...and more shops. The tube stations is close by so I have access
to a lot. It's very easy for me to walk out, get something and back home!
Plus...most people walk with their head down and I don't know what it is about
the pavement. Maybe they see something that I don't because I tried that and I
nearly banged my head on a lamp post.

Apart from that, lots of friends, I have met amazing people.
BONUS!
Russian women talk to me in russian and I don't know a damn thing about the
language, so I nod, smile. I think they just want to talk.
The british londoner women keep me standing as they discuss what accent I
have. This happens once every two weeks and it's fun when it does happen. It's
like you're observer of a chat tv show "Guess his accent and you got a date!"
The women at the corner shop thinks I'm mysterious, maybe from India,
probably arab, must be spanish, or "Hmmm something mysterious", whatever
that means.
She forgets and so it is repeated every week when I buy from her shop.
All in all..RENT is high, but city inspiring, sometimes really
gloomy..raining...cold and wish I was living in some exotic hot place but still...you
won't get bored.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when I am burdened by my girlfriend to help
her study?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're her boyfriend not her teacher.
You're her boyfriend not her therapist
You're her boyfriend not her student support worker
You're her boyfriend not her mum
You're her boyfriend not her dad
The reason why you are doing this has nothing to do with being nice. Nice guys
do these things and it's NOT NICE because they do it to...control.
They do it because they hungry for..
Validation
Liked
Loved
Accepted
Approved
All this is fear based.
You're fear..... is the fear of loss.
You wear this social mask, pretending to your girlfriend that you so want her to
succeed but deep down, you're doing it so she don't leave you. Trying to be the
tutor, the mummy, the daddy, the therapist and support worker.
She knows where the resources are for students.
She knows where the career advisors are. She knows where her tutors are. She
knows where there is support and she can go there to get that.
By you doing what you're doing, you're closing all this support from her and
making her lazy, and thinking she can get ALL SHE WANTS from you!
She doesn't learn and she doesn't become self aware and grow inside her because
she HASN'T A MAN. She has some NICE GUY who puts his fear of loss before

doing the right thing.
That is behaving as her boyfriend.
As her lover.
You made it a burden.
You made this relationship a burden.
When you needed to have boundaries and not treat her as a student but as your
girlfriend, as her man, as her boyfriend.
So now...when she ﬁnishes her studies...guess what's going to happen?
Bye, bye.
Because now, she doesn't want to be reminded that she's with some guy who acts
like a tutor and support worker.
She wants a man she's sexually attracted to.
She wants a man who is conﬁdent in himself.
A man who believes in her and that she can do the things herself.
You're not only creating doubt in her about herself but along the lines, you are
framing your relationship towards...disaster.
You are also creating doubts about the relationship!
Throughout this, she is ﬁlling the gaps in her mind about you, how she sees you.,
the role she sees you in. Women have millions of things in their head and
always...alaways..they are ﬁlling the gaps.
You are helping her to ﬁll those gaps in her imagination, in her mind and her
emotions on how she sees you IN..THE..FUTURE.
Do you want her to see you as some tutor, a history to forget or do you want her to
see you as a man who she is sexually attracted to...and...seperates you from all
this to you being her lover.
Then stop helping her and behave like a man who is sexually and romantically
attracted to her. Don't behave like a tutor and support worker
Let go of the fear of loss and focus on being her boyfriend.
Be conﬁdent. Show her you don't fear loss.
Learn to say, "no" and let her learn for herself.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

I started talking to a guy who was so much like me, but he had a
girlfriend. One day he suddenly texted not to call again. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Mar 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, something must have happened..
1. Girl friend sees text
2. Girl friend gets jelous
3. Drama kicks oﬀ
4. He fears loss
5. And so he probably said that to you.

I get lots of text from other women, messages, and have no problem. There is
trust between us, there is an understanding we are not each other's properties
and a lot of love that's diﬀerent to most.
It's very strong because I am very open, transparent, and do not yeild to demands
and drama. Instead there is a lot of communication, lot of understanding,
wisdom and sorted.
All relationships are diﬀerent and at diﬀeent levels of trust and understanding.
Just see it that way. All relationships don't have the same boundaries and so his
relationship will be of a certain kind where there are certain boundaries between
he and the girlfriend.
Instead of wondering why, what etc which will do your head in... just move on.
Focus your time on someone who likes to hear from you.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend won't stop being with a person who likes her.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't believe what a person says. Look at their actions.
Her action does not go with what she is saying to you. Now, you cannot control
her and tell her who to not hang around with.
But you can walk away and be with someone who isn't going to do that.
If you feel you're both not compatible with each other and it looks like she doesn't
give a damn about what you think...then maybe it's time to walk away because
nothing is going to change here.
She will continue to hang with the guy she is infatuated with because..SHE
WANTS TO and anything she says about how she is using him is bullshit.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when your signiﬁcant other doesn't believe in
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have values and one of them is I don't want to be with someone who tells me
what I can't achieve. It's very important for me that the person I am with has a
positive mind, is open minded and encourages.
I don't want ﬁnancial support but I sure don't want to hear someone I am dating
and in a relationship with to tell me what I can't achieve.
I don't care about why, they say it. It's not for them to say.
The world outside is tough enough already. People telling you what you can't
achieve. What you won't be able to do and on and on it goes.
So imagine then when you're battling it out there and the come home, or see your
boyfriend or girlfriend, and they're telling you.....the same thing.
I would not date someone like that.
That's my dream, that's my goals, and I expect the person I am dating to at least
encourage, to not pull me down, but to believe or to keep their god damn mouth
shut. I don't need their negativity, their opinion of what I can't and cannot
achieve. That's their insecurities not mine.

So for me, such a toxic attitude, I don't want in my life.
That's me. I know what it can do to one's mind. I know how it can later become
exhuastingly draining to such, you say something about your dream and they go
oﬀ telling you blah blah.
No. Not good enough for me.
I have standards. I don't want their ﬁnancial support but I do expect they respect
what I do and not tell me what I can't achieve. I'll get that from world outside
anyway and I usually do but I don't care. I'm not dating them, I'm not living with
them, I don't love them but I am with the person I am with.
So I expect they say good or don't bother.
So you need to know what you want from your signiﬁcant other. What is it you
look for in someone you want to be in a relationship with?
789 Views · View Upvoters

What life changing words of wisdom can you share with me?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Mar 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love isn't a thing we possess and own but rather it is freedom.
You like to save humanity from cruelty? Start being kind to yourself.
Two things I have found to destroy relationships. Their names are Jelousy and
Possessiveness.
One can love many. Love is over ﬂowing and it is only limited by our own
insecurities and the many faces of fear.
Today you will believe it is true. In years to come you will ask what ailed you to
believe in such a thing.
613 Views · View Upvoters

Should I approach a girl who my friend and I both likes? He said
to me is ok but I am afraid that the girl will think that I betray
my friend
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're over thinking far too much.
You don't even know she's interested in you and you're mind is already creating
all kinds of stories to tell you why you shouldn't.
So much so, you put her on a pedestal to make her opinion of you
more...important...than you're own.
If you know what you know about yourself, and you're conﬁdent about yourself,
then you won't be worried what someone else thinks.
If she is into you, she won't give a damn.
If she isn't interested....she will make any god damn excuse, on how busy she is,
how she's not really ready for a relationship and anything else for that matter. All
to not say, 'NO' because they said no to guys before and they kept pestering due to
all this nonsense chase of playing hard.
So most will give other reasons to avoid awkwardiness and conﬂict.
If you care about what others think about you then you're going to live your life
like most typical average guys.....over think and worry what everyone else thinks

of you.
Just approach and stop over thinking.
4 Views · View Upvoters

How often do people hit on you on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Nov 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

UPDATE…numbers have increased now to 12 to more every month.
Yes but not often like every week but like twice this months. Three times last
month. So not all the time. It doesn't bother me in the slightest.
I met amazing women that way, who enriched my life, who I got to know well and
it's been an amazing experience. Also met some awesome friends too. So it's been
a very awesome year for me.
Most of the messages I get though are questions which was too much so I used
the proﬁle for people to know to just use the A2A system. Or it just becomes real
heavy and my time is very limited as my answers on here can be detailed.
I enjoy writing, sharing and helping people that way…and..yes…sexually ﬂirting
too with women ;)
2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to be in 5 relationships at the same time to increase
the odds of ﬁnding the right match?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's only wrong if all 5 don't know that you are dating and in relationship with the
others. If you're honest about it, upfront then it will be ﬁne.
That's what hurts.
The betrayal, being lied to and for the other person didn't even know and have
the choice to decide for themselves because the information was witheld.
So as long as you are honest with everyone who is in relationship with you, you're
not withhold such information, concealing such information and being decietful
about it then nothing wrong with it.
Just be honest from day and believe you'll let go of a heavy weight on your
shoulders and also you avoid a lot of mess and hurting others.
556 Views · View Upvoters

I have fallen in love with a girl, but she says she can't date. She's
made it clear that she does love me, but still won't date me.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't wait around. You messed up way back in the beginning. I can tell by what
she is saying to you.
How can you fall in love with a girl, emotionally invested before you even ﬁnd out
she's into in that way? You must have spent lots of time with her. Lots and
become this guy who she is...comfortable with.
When you see a girl you like you immediately approach and show true intent. You
approach, ﬂirt, converse, in a light hearted manner. Then if you see you like her
personality and then you ask her out.

I think you went and did the opposite like most guys who fear rehecrions.
That's what a lot of typical guys do.
What you did is probably.....became friends with her, spending tons of time, back
and forth, hanging out with her and there has bee a long time span.
Now she is comfortable with you.
Girls date guys who are unpredicatable, who are a challenge, who are not so easily
available. Guys who excite their emotions, who arouse them not guys who make
them comfortable.
Comfortable comes later. Much later.
To her...you are ..comfortable.
You're now the friend, the pal,, who hangs about with her, who is so close with
her, who talked for hours on end with her, every week. So she don't and won't
probably ever see you that way.
You're the guy who she tells her problems to - like she does with the girl...friends.
Maybe tell you about guys who chase her or her ex problems or whatever she talks
about and you become this tampon.
That is the danger of getting too close.
Getting out of that is hard and probably never going to happen. Waiting around is
even worse because you put your life on hold for one girl.
She now got emotional support with you, she got used to it, you're some guy who
she can use his time to talk to when she feels upset or want to talk a lot to without
any sexual intentions.
She calls you, text you and you run to her. Always available. She sees you as a
friend. Why would she date you when....she can get all that anyway?
Girls, women don't want sex. They want a sexual...experience. The experience
which you cannot now give her because to her you're....comfortable. The
experiene of being surprised, of exciting hear thumping experience...the
conﬁdence and the stuﬀ that's all in her imagination.
You're comfortable too her not heart thumping, blood rushing, body tingling,
mysterious, fresh, new, exciting.....conﬁdence!
Learn from this lesson and move on.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it greedy for an aﬄuent person to not spend massive
amounts of my money on trips and expensive activities for self
and partner?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing to do with greedy. Your values are very diﬀerent to hers. I don't see
compatibility and this can cause problems later on in the future. If already talk
about money and all that is happening now, then bank on it it's going to be an
issue later on.
Think about it. if you get married and money is issue now, imagine what she'd do
when you're divourced. She'll ﬁght to rake as much as you can in.
Be careful about the future. Think real hard if you and her are compatible. If the
diﬀerence just too wide then maybe be with someoine who doesn't shoot her
mouth oﬀ calling you, her boyfriend greedy.

It's your money
You're entitled to do whatever you desire without feeling guilty about. She has no
basic understanding about relationships and on calling her man greedy is a
manipulative way to make you feel guilty so she can her way. Probably seeing her
friends spending massive money on trips and stuﬀ.
Let her go and sort some expensive trip and she pays for and see how she likes
spending her hard earn monies. Easy to say to someone else to splash out when
it's not their money.
No she isn't right.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

My dad tells me that I can't follow my dreams. This makes me
angry and depressed. What's the point when life isn't worth
living?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"My dad tells me that I can't follow my dream."
My dad did same, so did my mum, so did everyone and I was not even 12 years old
but I didn't get depressed about it. I put my head into it and they got proved
wrong. Everyone shuts up now.
It took years but that's how it is with some dreams.
Maybe you misunderstand something about following dreams and this needed to
happen. It needed to happen because you're missing the point about what
following your dream comes with..
It sometimes comes with....
Everyone you know, father,mother, friends, telling you you're dreams isn't going to
happen. It be great that they do but when they don't, which is most of the time, you
need to believe in it more.
That's why it's called a dream.
That it is your blueprint to success, deﬁned by you and so most people won't be
able to see through the same eyes as yours nor feel your passion.
It's for you to believe in it MORE than anyone else.
You can't go oﬀ talking about dreams if you're dad, mum, teacher, guy next door
tells you it's not going to happen to suddenly think...
"What's the point when life isn't worth living."
I understand it's disheartening to hear such words from your dad and anyone
close to you but see it as it is...
The point is - life is giving you it's ﬁrst lesson on dreams and making
anything happen in life.
That it doesn't come with a crowd cheering you on. That most of the time the
ones closest to you will be the ﬁrst to tell you it's not going to happen.
So, if it takes your dad, your friends, or a teacher, or whoever to get you to think...
"Ooh well, might as well quit then because if they don't believe then life is not
worth living.."
Then mauybe...you're dad is right.

Now, if he isn't right, that you haven't got what it takes then go out and show you
got what it takes. Learn, read, ﬁgure it out. Get some advise from those who
know. You want it then.....ﬁght for it.
Learn to communicate in a way that inspires. Learn to do. Learn to channel all
that in you to helping you achieve instead of talking like you're going to quit.
Always ﬁgure a way to get close to your goals.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
That world is full of people who will tell you it's not going to happen.
You got it from home and if you can't take it from home, how you going to take it
out there in world, when majority of people are going to tell you what works, what
doesn't, what is and what isn't.
I have never regretted my decision even when it took much of my life to achieve
what I wanted to achieve. It was slower, it took time, it was hard but it made be
the man I am today. Knowledgeable, valuable and even the naysayers now
humility come and pay me for the expertise.
With succces comes a heart to forgive and a great understanding that it is ok
people don't believe, and even if the close ones don't believe. You get an
understanding and wisdom as to why it was this way.
You get to forgive and you let it go.
Success for me wasn't even much of all I achieved - the material. It was just loving
what I do and creating information, knowledge to change lives using words, art,
music and design.
So take it from me...
The world out there is harsh.
Don't let anyone tell you it's easy out there. It is the bitch of all bitches. It is life.
No one can throw as many curve balls and punches, than life can but you are
strong enough to take what it gives.
When you get up and move forward, that is what you're saying. That you are
ready to move forward one more step towards your dream. Life will continue to
throw another curve ball. You will know what to do again.
So see this as life showing you some wisdom.
That you need to be ready, tough, have a thick skin....and understand the road
ahead won't be full of people who will cheer you on. It is a lonely road, and it will
test you and it's for you to dig deep to make it happen.
So wipe the dirt oﬀ, get back up, smile because you past the ﬁrst test life thrown
at you. Then remember that lesson and not let it pull you down again. A lesson
you may one day share to some else who is feeling down too because no one
believed him/her.
Cause how can you know how the other person really feels if you didn't go
through it too. That is for me, the most amazing gift about having a dream and
achieving the dream. The lives you impact along the way.
Be proud.
You have ﬁgured out your own path.
Your own blueprint to succeess.
But now you must ﬁght for it and ﬁnd a way to make it come true.

You are walking on a path and got to feel what many great pioneers, achievers,
champions felt. When they heard someone say they CAN'T achieve their dreams
too. Stand proud but also humble.
Forgive and just make it happen.
11 Views · View Upvoters

Should I text this girl ﬁrst or wait for her to text me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Are you supposed to text her ﬁrst?

How did you get her number?
Did you approach her with true intent where you said you're attracted to her,
have fun ﬂirting a little, conversed then got her number?
Or you just got her number?
If you approached her, and made your intent clear you're attracted to her, and she
shown interest back - and - she gave your number based in this....then you lead.
You text her and make it fun, light hearted.
Make sure to not do too much texting back and forth, like for weeks and all that.
Goal is to lead to a date.
1. Approaching
2. Showed true intent, fun, ﬂirted, conversed
3. She showed interest too
4. Swopped number
5. Texted fun, light hearted, ﬂirt, tease.
6. Lead to phone, keep it fun, and built some comfort, not too much
7. Lead to meet up.
22.7k Views · View Upvoters

Am I too jealous that she keeps adding guys, and old guy
friends?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Listen mate Don't fall for the bullshit games. She can add lots of guys and all that,
pretending. It's to rattle you and if she does something, that's her life and she can
deal with the mess she creates herself.
She's not over you means nothing.
You be over her.
1. Pack her stuﬀ.
2. Drop her stuﬀ at her door step. Making sure she's there
3. Then walk.
Keep it amicable, no drama as you got a child together but see it as it's time to
move the hell on. You need to ﬁnd your self respect and not fall for the attention
seeking nonsense.
Don't fall for words. Action speaks louder.
Don't wait.

She ain't moving her ass. You move yours into gear and drop her stuﬀ or sort it
that she moves her ass to do it but without the drama.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is my lifestyle boring or unatractive to women?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to share something with you that will open your mind and will get you
really excited because this is your edge.
It don't need all the things you think it needs. Take a look at the diagram below
and I'll explain...

Look at the great area. See how small it is compared to the big white area. That
grey area is the conscious mind. See how small it is. Limited.
All it cares about is..
Facts.
Figures.
details.
Things like these...
You're lifestyle, if you dance, if you play golf, if you know 4 languages, and can
play 5 musical instrument and you got income or no income.
Now look at the big white area.
This is where girls/women get really aroused, excited, because a guy knows how
to connect with them.
Do you really think men who can attract women talk about themselves, about
their jobs, and all these facts and details?
Unique?
Unique isn't what you do in your life. Unique isn't how you can dance Zumba or
earn more than someone else, or anything remotely what so many men and youn
guys think it is.
Unique is this..
How you make someone feel.
How you....capture the girls emotions, and lead her imagination which arouses
her from the inside to make her whole body tingle, feel excited, and thinks..
"OMG! He makes me feel alive. I can't get him out of my mind. I just....he makes
me feel amazing. My whole body goes nuts just hearing his voice!"
When you talk about facts and ﬁgures, you're doing what gets all the guys zoned
deep in the antartic. You make her...feel....comfortable.
This is when a girl feels..
"He was ok. You know he got the clothes. He looks great. Smells great. Nice guy.
Such a nice guy. I liked his company BUT....I didn't sense it with him. I
just....didn't...feel it with him."
That's when she says..

"Let's ne friends."
"I'm not ready for a serious relationship."
"Oooh, I'm so busy."
"I really enjoyed my time with you but..."
Facts. Figures, Details. Content...boring...boring. She can get that from so many
guys. Many guys who orbit around her and approach her.
She wants to feel aroused, excited, captivated, feel awesome, amazing. You do
that by making her...talk and talk about what makes her...feel alive.
So here's a thought....
Forget about you. Forget about your lifestyle. Forget about how you need a
lifestyle. These things are for you to do for you to build your life.
Instead...make her feel amazing.
Because that's what uique is?
You can have a lifesty, dance till you drop, and do many other activities but if you
cannot...make...her feel alive, arouse her, capture her emotions, make her
imagination go nuts and fantasies kick of and she connects it with you...BUT so
can other guys too.
Unique is doing something that other guys have a hard time doing.
I ﬁgured this out long ago. They shit at talking, They need pickup lines for it.
They don't know how to converse with women to make her eyes light up, her
whole body go crazy and I do...just by a few words...or a text mesage.
And even without saying a word....body language.
You don't need money for this.
You don't need a car. You don't need 5 languages. You don't need to dance zumba.
You don't need to take her to a resturant, a movie. You don't need to show some
lifestyle to attract a girl. These things are for your life and so you don't centre
these around girls to get girls.
I can do this standing up, walking throug street with her, through park or texting
because it's not what you say....it's how...you say it.
It's ﬁguring out what's inside her and brining it all out for her to talk about it. The
stuﬀ that makes her smile, laugh, feel amazing.
You do need to be able to approach and sit with a girl and make her feel amazing
inside, aroused, emotions kicking oﬀ, and her imagination sees you with her.
Now that....is unique.
Believe me, many guys don't know how to do it.
If you learn how to do so, ﬁgure it out, then you will ﬁnd your edge. You don't
need money, you don't need to buy meals, you don't need resturants or movies.
You don't even have to say what you do in life because it's about...her.
That's what so many guys miss.
That big white area and they focus far too much about their looks.
Their looks is that grey area. The big white area is ALSO what girls look for, what
connects to them, what arouses them and guys don't missing it all.
Can yuou omagine what this means?

That an average looking guy who knows this and knows what to do, can think.
"Holy shit! Even if I am average looking, if I know this, if I can connect with a girl
with conversation and arouse her, excite her, I will be far ahead of most guys who
think it's about just looks, job and all that. That means I can let go of all the stuﬀ
in my head I was worried about and get good...at this ONE thing."
If you're thinking that...you're way ahead already from most guys today who ask
the wrong questions over and over agaim.
Now for any wanting to know this more detailed, message me.
I'm doing something you can read freely but haven't yet compiled it. It's taking a
lot of work. Not easy to make it simple and practical for guys to apply.
When done, take it and go and have some fun using it and that way, it enriches
you're life and experiences as well as hers.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What are the things that a person can do to save humanity from
cruelty?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be kind....to yourself.
So many think about changing the world, doing something to save out there, do
out there, travel out there but forget one place so close to home.
It is the place so many leave to the last.
Ourselves.
Imagine for a moment...
1. You be kind to yourself
2. You enrich your mind
3. You gain knowledge
4. You gain experiences
5. You succeed in things in life
This is you but what happens is you also impact many a lives, from one's own
siblings, relatives, friends, people you meet as you live.
And each person has their own connection with other people to..
One word of kindiness.
One smile.
One comforting word
One thought.
And you can impact a life that will impact others.
Be kind to yourself. Be compassionate to yourself. Forgive yourself. Love yourself
and in doing so....not only you better your life but others around you.
And those you meet along the way.
Himanity is close to home too. The child, the brother, the sister, mum, dad,
neighbours, the people we work with.
We sometimes forget what is so close to us.

They will then see the beneﬁt of letting go of hate, anger, bitterness, revenge, and
some much more due to one's own example.
670 Views · View Upvoters

Is it odd to eat alone in a ﬁne dining restaurant?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it will be odd for others.
But then again, I'm odd myself and do a lot things diﬀerently. I have my many
quirky moments. I have like a list of resturants I want to go in London.
Like a week ago..
I was walking one evening and saw a resturant and the name sounded familiar.
Yep, it was one on my list.
Since I needed to taste some Indian food I walked in. I was on my own, ordered
for myself and eat on my own. Then had some Lassi drink....sat back with arms
behind my head and thought
"This is the life." :D
While some tables where looking at me, wondering whatever they maybe
wondering. Maybe how I am so alone. ALONE!
But I'm not.
I got tons of friends, dating women, and I just like to have time to myself once in a
while. Just time alone, eating alone, my own company.
I do this once a week/month.
Depends how I feel.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

If one cares about nothing else but to live their lives well, is it
acceptable?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Acceptable to whom?
I don't live my life to be accepted, validated, approved and ﬁt in. Why would I
even try and live a life wondering if it is acceptable to others?
As long you live your life, you don't harm anyone, everyone else can can mind
their own business. Even them, some will not do that either.
Living this way doesn't mean I treat other people like shit but the day anyone
steps over the line and think I give a damn about how they think I should live my
life, is the day they piss oﬀ out of my life.
Plenty of people in this world who will be oﬀended or won't see what you do or
how you live your life...is unacceptable to them. Well, that's their problem not
mine.
So raise your head high, don't worry about being accepted, validated, approved
by society. If you try to be accepted then you'll ﬁnd yourself unhappy, frustrated
and always fearful what to say and do.
You'll ﬁnd yourself not in harmony with your values, purpose in life.
It be like most guys who so afraid of loss when speaking tio a woman.

I'm more like, "if she cannot accept who I am, that's her problem. Next."
You'll ﬁnd if you live your life, and you don't go around hurting people, you don't
break the law, then you'll never wonder about, "what if." You'll never wonder
about how life could have been.
Yes, I understand it's not easy but it's also harder to one day look back and ﬁnd
you're old, tired, and...you didn't live the life you always wanted.
All because of wanting to be accepted.
Everyone is going to tell you something they don't ﬁnd acceptable. You'll always
ﬁnd someone saying that.
So you need to decide what it is you want and know there will be knock backs in
life, people thinking this or that - but...it's your life.
Live it because end of the day, when we are dead...no one will remember.
No one will give a damn.
No one except very closed love ones who keep coming back to say hello while
you're deep down in that dirt.
607 Views · View Upvoters

Why am I ignoring a girl I like?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you're putting her on a pedestal which triggers the fear of rejection. In
other words, you're coming from fear.
You're seeking response:
1. To be accepted
2. Validated
3. Approved
4. Like
You're going to meet many girls in future and date others, that is if you just
approach but when you do approach....
Avoid doing the following:
1. Being too serious confessing love, romance, feelings
2. Telling her you want her romantically, sexually etc.
She isn't emotionally invested in you for you to say those words.
You need to be conﬁdent, know yourself worth and don't give all on a plate to a
girl who has yet show any interest back, hasn't taken action, hasn't dated you yet
and hasn't become intimate with you.
Second, when a guy confessing such things, it creates awkwardiness and most
girls are insecure, so mentioning "sexually" will trigger the knee jerk reaction.
Suddenly she will back oﬀ because...
She will fear that if she said yes due to your confessing of sexually words, and also
romantism, that you will think she's..
Too easy
Slut
A whore

These labels are nothing but that, labels and false for any woman. No girl, woman
is ever easy even if she says yes immediately.
You only habe to look on Quora on to see girls wanted to say YES but said No
because they felt awkward and now wish they said yes.
So help her to make it easier, tone it down:
Approach but don't be serious.
Be fun, light hearted or she will feel awkward#
Tell her she's cute, so you show you're attracted to her.
Converse with her and ﬁnd out..if you really want to date her
See if you like her personality and she's not a drama or pain in the ass
This allows her to see a little of you as well and allows you to asses before
making a decision of either asking her out...or...walk away.
If all is well then ask her out.
But for now, forget the BIG picture.
First connect. Talk. Flirt. Have fun, socialise and then you ask her out if you feel
she's someone you'd like to date.
12.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to write a poem for someone you love knowing that
they don't love you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to assume you're a guy. Just an assumption.
Read this ﬁrst and you'll realise something most guys learn the hard way...
How can I write persuasive love letter that will make any girl fall in love after
reading it?
If...you're going to send it or give it to the person....and it is someone you're not
dating then don't do it. That is very selﬁsh thing to do. You will create
awkwardiness. If you like someone, you approach and ﬁrst converse, connect.
They need to show interest and time span of intimacy have been with you and the
person.
Don't confess feelings like it matters.
Because at this point it only matters to you.
It doesn't matter untill the person feels something too, and you found out by
approaching, and they recipocrated to want to know more about you AND dated
you for sometime, you're both very intimate, gone through challenges, at least
some time span has gone by....then don't confess feelings.
They need to show they are interested in you and a certain time of
communication and intimacy has gone by before that happens.
A person who does that exists in hollywood/ bollywood movies/romance novels.
In real life it is creepy and it creates awkwardiness. This is the real world and in
the real world you don't do that.
It's also show a lack of immaturity.
It shows a lack of emotional control.
Let's put it this way...

If you show such things to a person and they don't even know you that way, and
haven't got to know you, intimate with you in a deep way, and haven't shown
such feelings with you....in their mind it be this..
"He doesn't even know me in that way. He hasn't even got to know me in that way.
We haven't gone through a history together in that way. So I don't trust such words
when it comes so easy. He's made it so awkward for me. Immature."
But if you have got real intimate with other, communicate of feelings are both
ways, time gone by, then the person will think..
"It's real because he got to know me, he's seen what I'm like, he's saying all this
because of me, because he knows me, and not because of my body, my looks like most
guys do...".
If you're a woman, again....don't do it.
First do the basics steps and see if the person is interested, and if so, get to know
the person, and be intimate with the person and be mature about this.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is he attracted by me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No one can tell you the answer. No one here will know. Not even me with 35 years
experience and psychology when it comes to dating.
The key is, which deludes a lot of people, is trying to read signals is going to get
you hurt. Not only that, you make room for others to manipulate you, you ﬁnd
yourself frustrated and it hits your self esteem hard.
You also waste a lot of time because another girl who has conﬁdence will not wait.
She will go for the guy.
So look, forget about asking the guy out and having all these fears of rejection
going through your mind.
1. Approach and just say hi and talk.
2. Find out if he's the type of guy you'd really...want to date.
3. If so, get to know him, socialise and he will slowly open up if he's shy.
4. Then ask him out for a walk, just chill with him and make your intent
clear him to then.
That way you know where you stand and he knows it too. If he doesn't give a clear
answer then do yourself a favour. Move on.
But no one else will know he is or isn't attracted to you.
You got to make the move if you're interested in him. Yes, I know, fear of rejection
etc etc etc.
719 Views

How do you convince a girl before a ﬁrst date that you're not a
serial killer?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tinder...
Girl - How do I know you're not a killer, a nutter, etc etc
Adam - Funny you say that, I was thinking the same about you too.

Girl - LOL. But I'm a woman. I don't look like a murderar.
Adam - (sends her link of attractive female killers in prison) You think?
Girl - Ok you past test :P
Adam - How do you know you've past mine?
Girl - LOL
Adam - Ok let's stop the games and be real. Whats so diﬀerent about you and rest
of girls here?
Girl - Well, I'm attractive looking and..
Adam - Sorry but good looks too common. You need to do better than that.
Girl - I was going to say.....I have a positive attitude, I like fun, I'm adventureous
and I don't..
Adam - you don't play games ;)
Girl - Hahahaha. OK you got me there. I also like conﬁdent guys who don't take
me too seriously, and you intrigue me now.I'm curious.
Adam - How about we exchange Facebook links so you can see who I am and I see
who you are? Then we can talk on phone later on.
Girl - Yes, I'd like that.
Adam - Here's my facebook page XXXXXXXXXX
Girl -My facebook XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
After sometime, we exchanged telphone numbers on facebook and done.

1. Be conﬁdent. Don't try and impress them.
2. Be diﬀerent to other guys. Be fun and don't take it serious.
3. Be a challenge. Challenge them and if they don't like it. Their problem.
4. Detache from validation and acceptance.
5. Then when fun is over, move it a bit more serious to ﬁnd out about each
other but...still keep it fun. No boring small talk.
Just relax and have fun with it.
You'll open up and you'll ﬂow with it.
They are testing your frame and so, you show them you're conﬁdent, fun, cheeky
and ﬂip it round on them. You're not intimidated by it all.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know when to stop pursuing a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here's how I know using my core values and yours might be diﬀerent. However,
this is how it is for me. It helped me a lot to move on faster and most of all made it
so much enjoyable to date women who are mature...
1. If she plays hard to get..NEXT!
2. If she doesn't want to meet up very early on/deviating.....NEXT

3. If she doesn't put eﬀort and one word on texting. NEXT
4. If she ﬂakes and doesn't turn up twice. NEXT. I am being gracious here.
5. If she tells me she has a boyfriend. I don't care if it's true or not...NEXT!
6. If she keeps speaking about ex-boyfriend and past relationships...NEXT
7. If she is sexually insecure to tell me all men just care about sex. Not my
god damn problem if other guys only see sex. She is talking me, so have
self respect. I don't say women are all whores, sluts, too easy. Do I? No. I
don't. So.....NEXT!
Now that may seem like a tall order. It may seem harsh but believe me, if you
emotionally invest time, eﬀort and emotions without you having certain
qualifying means in your mind...you will be screwed.
This is not a gender issue. This is human nature. Man and woman will waste your
time. It's also the case in business too and life in general.
Have standards.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

I want to diversify my social circle with more girls, but no girl
ever approaches me. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're asking the wrong questions and you're already failing to understand the
basics when it comes to attracting new friends.
For starters your state needs to change a little because you're saying..
"But no girl ever approaches me."
Why would they? They don't see any beneﬁt of approaching you? They don't even
know you to approach you with an understanding that you got some value to
oﬀer them. You have to approach them if you want to expand your social circle
and know how to do it in an appealing manner.
Then there's this..
But the thing is all I can talk about is class work, homework and other
academic stuﬀs."
Of course these won't trigger emotions and imagination inside other girls because
that's conscious stuﬀ. That's all facts, ﬁgures, boring stuﬀ. That's what we call
small task and well, leads nowhere.
It doesn't get the girls to be facinated, curious and interested to know you more
when it's all just small talk.
You're a girl, so what do you think gets a girl going wild, wanting to know, be with
someone, associate with someone.
The question to ask is..
"How do I create emotions inside other girls when I approach, speak to them,
to be excited to be friends?"
You're role then is ﬁguring that out. Read books this. Figure it out if you really
want to know. Books about women, their language, what gets them to feel,
connect and you'll ﬁnd it makes sense as you'll learn a lot about yourself too.
Start by approaching girls and ﬁnding out what makes them feel alive, what they
really into, what excites them and then using that, create a story to connect with

what they told you. Use these as topics, be fun when you talk about them.
It's about connecting at an emotional level.
It's about 'experiencing.'
3k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a way I can “feel like writing” more often?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take a look at the image below..

If you want to feel then you need to give the AREA that is about feeling enough
information to arouse those emotions. The stuﬀ that gets you aroused, excited,
wanting to write, right now. Feelings.
At the moment you are working from the grey area which is the conscious mind.
You need to get the BIG white area to help you.
That's the unconscious mind.
In the unconscious is where you trigger emotions and imagination. It can multitask, create images, stories, fantasies, regulate many tasks and much more but
the conscious can't. The conscious is where you are self aware with touch of a
chair, paper, pen, keyboard, smell and hearing in that given moment.
The conscious mind sees one thing at that moment. It is about facts, ﬁgures, data,
content.
The unconscious is diﬀerent. It does a lot of things.
It works like a hardrive. Am operating system, which takes all the information
from your senses such as eyes, nose, hearing and touch. It has to sort out your
coordination, balance, the lots of data all at once including colours, light. It
organisings, ﬁltered, labels, decides what is important for your survival and ready
warn you immediately.
It will be running at a deep unconscious level on autopilot. It is here where your
emotions reside and where you must focus your attention to.
There lies the spirit of the writer because your eyes and other senses are only
windows to bring in information for the unconscious to organise.
It is single tasking way.
Now I don't know where the unconscious resides in the mind.
Some say it doesn't exist. Some say it exist in one area. Some say it doesn't and
some say it is only used as a metaphor.
However, what I share works because I write everyday non-stop and can't help
myself to do so because of EMOTIONS. I feel it. It's burning inside me and ideas
are ﬂying everywhere in me to just write.
I have done so since I was able to pick up a pen and write.
I have never lost the feeling and it has continually growing stronger that
wherever I go, I am this feeling to write.
I have to carry a pen and note pad always.
Or you'll see me scribbling on a sandwhich paper or a napkin. I am always
writing...writing...thinking of ideas and writing some more.

I can't even sleep sometimes because words are so loud and the imagination of
characters coming alive that I got to get up and write.
To live and be with a guy like me needs someone patient and someone who has to
accept that I am an artist with a diﬀerent lifestyle.
I also use the unconscious when communicating with other people to inﬂuence,
motivate, persuade their minds too. So from my part - I believe it exist but I don't
know in a sense what it really looks like and where in the brain it is.
That for me is not important but what is, is how I can engage it within me and
within other people I interact with.
Here then is how it happened and how I developed these very strong emotions
that don't stop ﬂowing....
The ﬁrst step is developing your state of mind.
1. Switch oﬀ everything. Phone and any noise.
2. Find a place in your home.
3. Switch the lights oﬀ.
Now, sit down comfortable and close your eyes.
Imagine you see yourself writing and you feel excited. Make this image clear. See
it all. See the expression on your face. See the smile. FEEL it.
Touch your wrist when you FEEL the emotions.
You are anchoring the emotions.
Keep watching and do this again and again, and again. Touch your wrist when
you feel the emotion of exciting, the thrill of writing.
Now, step INSIDE this person who is you and SEE through the eyes of this person.
You are now doing the action and seeing through this person's eyes. You are
doing it and FEELING the excitement. You are doing the expressions on your
face.#
Touch your wrist again.
Do this for an hour everyday when you wake up.
Be in that state of mind.
You're telling your unconscious mind this is what you want to be, feel and do but
it is not enough. You must now do the next step.
Step Two.
Make sure to always organise your stuﬀ way before hand. It has it's own place.
The laptop or whatever you need is...ready.
So when you walk to it...you get started.
Now...when you sit down, don't write yet.
Close your eyes, see that person, feel, and step inside that person. Touch your
wrist now. You will feel the feelings, the emotions and your imagation kicks oﬀ.
NOW...we begin...
This is the technique I also use to build...conﬁdence inside of me.
I touch my wrist and it triggers these emotions and my state of mind changes. I
can feel the emotions.

Step Three..WRITE!
In the diagram above you see 3 words in a box and it's pointing to the big white
space. The unconscious mind.
Let me explain....
1. Eﬀort
2. Engagement
3. Energy
When you put eﬀort and do so consistenly, you are putting a lot of energy to
engage your unconscious mind.
Doing this consistently will do the following...
You're unconscious mind will suddenly click when it sees you putting a lot of
eﬀort and energy and so it will get...engaged.
"AHA! I see now. So writing is very serious, important for you and your survival!
That this is a skill you desire to have and be good at it. I understand! I will now help
you and make it easier for you."
You see, practising in the WRONG way will not take you far. You need to train
your unconscious to feel, to be aroused, to ignite your imagination and in doing
so you feel so excited that you cannot help but write!
What is happening at the present is you're relying on your conscious mind. It's all
facts, details and content. That won't take you far.
You practice...practice...but practice doesn't come ﬁrst.
Feeling does. You can practice and practice but...you'll stop a week later and you
go back to that same old state.
You need both. Balance.
You need to feel, come alive, be excited and this ignites your imagination that
helps you with ideas, concepts, character developments and much more.
The beginning takes a lot of eﬀort and energy because your conscious is looking.
It is taking data to your unconscious. For you to engage your unconscious to help
you..you need to give it more information.
You need to be consistent.
Like when you learnt to ride a bycycle.
At ﬁrst it will need a lot of focus eﬀort. You will struggle and fall but you keep
getting up until the unconscious realises what you're doing. It now helps you
with the balance and coordination.
That's why you need to write...write...and write some more everyday.
The more you practice in...the RIGHT way...the faster you engage your
unconscious mind to help you.
Don't skip the ﬁrst step and continue to do it through your life. One hour in the
morning and one hour in the evening.
Step Four..GET INSPIRED!
Go and meet writers. Share your work. Get feedback. Don't be afraid to fail and in
getting criticism. Be open minded but go and meet people, ﬁrst check who they
are and see if you can get aliong with them.

If you can trust them to give you feedback then great.
Meet such people who are inspired, love what they do. It will help to feed your
unconscious mind. It will make you see examples. It will help you feel excited.
You will feel you're not alone and the world will open up for you in resources,
ideas and most of all companionship who can learn from too.
Step Five..REWARD YOURSELF!
Take time out for you. Go for walks through nature. Relax. Enjoy a cup of coﬀee at
a cafe. Take a note pad with you just in case but relax.
Breathe it all in.
Go and do some excercise. Run or walk.
It will help you to relax and it will help you with ideas too.
Maybe you like to reward yourself with something else. What is the choice of your
reward? Maybe it's a walk and visit to some old book shops. Maybe a visit to a
friend to say hello and have a good chat.
Whatever it is, do that. Just make sure you leave your house to just relax for a bit.
You'll ﬁnd you'll be so excited to want to go back home and write more. That's
when you now know you got that...feeling.
Do it for...the feeling ;)
800 Views · View Upvoters

What is it like to be in a relationship with a drama queen?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Drama queens from past experience can be fun, adventureous types, open
minded and they great to be with. They love to cuddle, love the intimate stuﬀ
which I love to give..... but they can also be emotionally draining if the guy has no
experience when it comes to drama queens.
If you haven't the conﬁdence and you're also a type who needs validation too,
then the drama will be ampliﬁed to huge heights.
Imagine two people needing validation.
Worse,. Imagine both don't understand each other. It becomes crazy and you're
both arguing over something that you both forgot about. Instead it is a full blown
argument and well, that is the intention of the drama queen.
Conﬂict, Drama to feed from.
Then lots of aaaaaw, kiss kiss, blah blah.
They are up and down and think relationship should be dramatic exciting
adventure. They got to have drama or they get bored.
One minute they are all happy clapping and moment you're busy they are telling
you how they feel sad, they feel upset, same old shit. On and on about how you're
always busy, you're nowhere to be seen and you might leave them behind.
I mean seriously, just one day and they'll make it like you didn't talk to them for
weeks or months.
How you know you got a Drama queen in the beginning:
In the very begining when you get to know her you will see little hints. Observe,
watch for them because it goes like this...

Oh you're too good for me
I feel you're amazing, so smart and too good for me
My life compared to yours is so small
I am afraid that I will lose you
I don't feel good today -(leading to what's about to come);
Oh you don't care, you are always busy, why oh why
They fear being abandon.
They fear being left alone by you. They fear that you will one day ﬂy away. They
fear that they are not good enough for you.
That women will take you away or you will achieve amazing things and well, you
will leave them behind forever.
Hungry, needy, obessessed for validation and that maybe ok for your ego but
believe me it gets tiring. Deeply depressed at times.
"Oh the misery of life. How dark it is. Such as life! SAVE ME! WHERE THE HELL
ARE YOU! I NEED YOU! OK THEN BE THAT WAY! BE BUSY WITH YOUR JOB,
BUSINESS, LIFE, FRIENDS, BLAH BLAH BLAH..."
Everything is always a Big Deal.
Big Massive Deal! Conﬂict is kicking oﬀ left, right and centre. It's always around
the corner. You can expect that a day will go by or a few days and all is ﬁne.
You will hear how you are loved, how she misses you, how you are amazing and
then a few days later..
"Where are you? I have been calling and texting but you're so busy living
your life without me. I am ILL. I am dying here!"
You only got oﬀ the phone or texted her a day ago and already she's thinking
you're drifting way, living the big ife and she will lose you.
Yes, conﬂict is always around the corner and the timing, the intensity, and the
causes, well, very unpredictable and so mysterious.
In the Mind of the Drama Queen
"Does he care?"
"Does he still love me?"
"Will he reject me one day?"
"Will he leave me?"
"Does he think about me?"
"There was thing guy years ago, I still remember him"
And so it begins...
"I fell down the stairs. My whole body hurts. "<<< she bumped herself on a chair.
"The doctor said I might have a serious disease" <<< She has a slight cold.
"You've haven't called and text me for weeks!" << You talked and text her aday ago
In other words...
She will need your attention...like she needs air!
You might ﬁnd yourself having lots of mixed signals and commnication going
nuts but if you understand whats going on and got the balls....you can seriously
be that fun guy who they just cannot rattle.

Then there's the GAMES
Everything is going ﬁne. I mean it's going so damn good and suddenly, she'd fuck
it up with some game. To TEST if you care.
Honestly, it's so damn immature and toxic, you just cannot be bothered
afterwards. You want to distance yourself for a week or more, not talk to her
because believe me, games are that....toxic.
For what?
1. She wants attention.
2. She feels you might not care about her.
3. Maybe she don't believe in herself so much she will self sabotage the
relationship with melodramatic scene that's so absurd, immature,
gamey, and it's so blatant, you kind of know what the shit she's doing.
Then she'll

ip it, say, "Oooh see! See! You don't care! You were playing with me

weren't you! Hmmm?"
You want to tell her to fycking grow up but then, you are probably at stage where
you don't give a shit anymore.
On the Positive Side
They are loving, caring, intimate and they will cuddle, kiss, love you and enjoy
the passion you have in whatever it is you're trying to achieve.
If you want attention, well, you got it. If you want her to be close to you, always
wanting you...you got it. If you want her to smoother you, then you got it.
They are loving, they are generous, kind and compassionate. They are tender
with big hearts and so much love to give and so much love they desire too.
They are not fragile but tough, wild, adventureous and fun to be with. Open
minded to try things and amazing when it comes to sex because they are willing
to learn new things, try new things, everything with the right guy.
They appreciate the running of ﬁngersd through her hair, the gazing into her
eyes, the stroking of her cheeks, the nuzzing of her ears, the stroking of her ear
lobes, the kiss on her neck, the sweet words, the words of magniﬁcient poetry
writting just for her when you are both deeply connected, the passionate kiss,
what may seem small to many but are amazing to her.
They can be spiritual, umaterialistic, hate working in corporate jobs and want to
be one with nature. They can be amazed by your wisdom, knowledge and want to
know more from you. They will give you all the attention and loving you desire.
But also...be prepared.
They will be hungry for a lot of attention, comfort, time, lots of communication
and patience to not amplify their drama.
I see the storm and I adjust the sail and we both enjoy the adventure. I have a
laugh, I am calm, sexualizing to the hilt, and romantic to the level that
makes her ﬂy so high to such, the drama is gone.
I change the state of mind to positive but it is diﬃcult with drama queens.
I shrug my shoulders and..
..I walk away.
I got boundaries and they will know about them too and reminded if one steps
over the line but for most part, I'm a chilled down guy. I know what's going on

and I have met some drama queens who have big hearts.
But a big heart for me is sometimes not enough.
It's not worth the drama at times that they create.
Life has enough drama to last you a life time.
So you might decide, like me, enough is enough....and want to just break up,
distance yourself and ﬁnd someone who is mature and has conﬁdence in herself.
Life is way too short.
Life has enough drama as it is.
9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I talk to a girl at a party that I know is interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here's what you do..
1. Go to all the guys and talk
2. Go to all or most girls and talk, smile, enjoy
3. Now....go to her, and say hi and believe me, she would have seen you
talking to others so she won't think you put her on some pedestal
Then ﬂirt, be fun, light hearted, make her feel alive.
Always remember this..
It is not about asking how to talk to her but rather..
"What state of mind do I want her to be in?"
"How do I create the emotions inside to be in that state of mind and lead her
imagination so wild, she be gobsmacked and want to know more about me.."
It's never about..
"How do ask her out on a date?"
"How do I get her to like me?"
"Why does she do this and that?"
"Why won't she behave in this way?"
"How do I determine when to kiss or touch?"
It's...always..
"How do I inﬂuence her emotions to be at that state that she cannot help to get her
to talk and feel alive, and get her imagination going wild."
Because any guy can talk to a woman but any guy can't make her FEEL alive, get
her body tingling, feeling excited, and her imagination fantasizing what it be like
to be with a guy like you.
Your ﬁrst step is to get over your anxiety with women.
Learn to socialise with people, get your conﬁdence going, be in state of mind and
conﬁdent frame.
Or nothing will work.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters

Friendship: My friend is in her twenties, and never grew out of
her teenage "boy crazy" phase. How do I convince her there's
more to life than having a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Picture this..
You're friend is at home and her parents giving it all the lectures about life, about
this and that. How she doesn't know better.
Then she walks out and bumps into someone else, who is judging her and telling
her how to live her life. Then she goes to school and someone else is telling her
how to live her life and how they know better than her.
Does this sound familiar?
Then she meets her friends and they all giving it some too and sooner or later,
she's going to decide two things..
1. Either they all shutthe fuck up and go away
2. Or she will distance herself from them
Number 2 is easier and believe me, that's what most teenager do when they just
sick and tired someone telling them what they can't and shouldn't do.
Now she can't do much if she's stll living at her parents house but she can...say
bye, bye to friends who try to tell her how to lve her life, and acting liuke they are
therapist.
Ffriends who make her feel bad.
Friends who keep telling her she's this and that.
Friends she soon grows to resent and doesn't want to see or call because they all
make her feel shit instead of alive.
As for her falling heads over heels..
That's like many people who do so. Including adults. So not only teenagers.
That's probably lack of low self image, self esteem and it's not something anyone
can solve but herself. That's best left to professionals such therapists who are
trained in that matter.
If you ant to be her friebd, just be there for her
Just listen.
Just be there when things go ballistic and she's feels hurt and just...listen and to
not tell her, "I told you so."
She will later see you as a friend who didn't do what many adults and what many
teens try to say to her. Telling her she don't know better, she's wrong, she's
immature, she's this and that, and shouldn't be doing this and that.
People don't remember what we say.
They remember how we made them....feel.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lindsey Hart

Would you date a girl that wears an eye patch?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would on the following conditions.

1. I'm attracted to her
2. She is adventureous
3. She has bubble, fun, very talkative personality
4. She has high sexual drive - as I do too.
5. AND she likes watching movies.
909 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend doesn't express himself and he doesn't tell me
that he likes me. But he compliments me sometimes/ acts like
he likes me. Should I worry?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To tell you the truth. 35 years backs I was very cold type of guy and didn't
communicate well and by that, I don't mean I was nasty to people. Or that I didn't
like people.
The challenge for me is, I didn't know how to communicate my feelings. I also
didn't know how to communicate that well anyway.
I also came from a very tough background and most of the guys I was with also
didn't communicate their feelings much.
What I did do is show it by actions more than words.
So I was there for the girlfriends I dated. I invested time, eﬀort and we did things
together but saying things like compliments, love you and all that back then was
very diﬃcult for me to do.
Mainly because I'm a guy and in a family with tons of men around me who didn't
show that. Many Masculine as hell and so I became that. A guy that came from a
certain environment.
But as I got older, I read much more, I read books about psychology, conversation
skills, and much more.
Now, you can't stop me complimenting women I have relationships with and I'm
very diﬀerent but it took years. It took time.
Now, I don't know your boyfriend Rebbecca.
However, I would question why you think he ACTS like he likes you. Why do you
think he ACTS like he is into you and not that he is into you.
Did something happen?
Did he do something that got you to lose trust in him?
Or is it due to your own insecurities that you feel a guy won't like you and so, it's
all pretending to get .....something?
As long as his behaviour in that he spends time with you, goes out with you, then
see those and not just compliments. Compliments, one relies them for seeking
validation and acceptance.
He probably doesn't ﬁnd it easy to compliment,
Maybe he doesn't know this is how you feel. Have you talked to him?
If not do so. That's what you do in relationship. You communicate with each
other and help each other.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rebecca Wallenstein

What do you like doing that other people just don't
understand?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This irrates people I know but I can't help it. I seriously can't help it. It's just one
of things I got to know.
When I am going to watch a movie, I HAVE TO know the ending before I watch
the full movie. I don't know if it's because I am into psychology, marketing and
storytelling or I am just impatient.
But I got to know the ending so I read up about i, go online, check what it's about
and maybe some reviews that tell you the whole story, scroll down and see the
ending.
Same with books too.
I buy lots of books but these are diﬀetent to marketingm, physcilogy and
photography books. These are novels, stories...and so...I have to ip right to the
back to ﬁnd out how it ends.
If it is a shit ending then I don't buy it.
I know, it may sound weird but this did my parents heads in when we went to
library and they buy like..
Dad - just get the book?
Mum - Yeah, just get it.
Me - But I got to ﬁrst see the ending, and see last chapter, see how it ends!
Mum - OMG! That's not how you read a book
Dad - You know he does that with movies too?
Mum - I know honey, he is our son you know.
Then I am in middle watching them both, back and forth debating and all I
wanted to do was read the god damn last few pages to see if the ending was good.
So yes, I like to know precisely how the story ends, the movie ends before I watch
the whole lot and if it don't end well, if it's a shit ending...you can forget it.
There must be people like me on this planet.
If there are....you're not alone, you're not crazy, you're not weird. Yes, you have
found you another on this planet who does that too.
No, doesn't mean we're soul mates except if you know arts, photography and
you're like travelling and you believe we can move into diﬀerent realms and
dimensions, our minds can travel through space and.... Ok now I am getting
weird :P
782 Views · View Upvoters

Every time I try to reassure my girlfriend, she seems to think
I'm trying to downplay her problems. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Try this..
Don't reassure her or give solutions. if you have been doing so.

Instead when she tells you her problems, just listen, and listen, and listen. Let her
say it all. Don't interrupt. Then when she stopped, ask her questions from what
she said and let her talk some more.
You are talking to her conscious mind when you need to talk to unconscous
mind. That is done by listening.
Just let her speak and when she's done
1. Smile
2. Tell she's brave and amazing
3. Embrace her and kiss her, stroke her back as you hold her.
Just listen because that might be all she wants.
We men like to ﬁx things. We like to become the knight. We like to give some
solutions and lots of reassurances in a way we think.
But this will be a good time to just listen to what she has to say and not ﬁx, solve
or reassure using your conscious approach.
Instead it's aboiut...feelings.
So how her feeling.
1. Smile
2. Tell her she's brave and amazing.
3. Embrace her and kiss her. And hold her tight while stroking her back,
shoulders.
Try it.
660 Views · View Upvoters

What do you say when your girlfriend says her thighs are too
fat/big?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Do you think my thighs are fat/big
Me - Let me see. (touching her legs) Hmmmm.
Girl - Hey, it's ticklish
Me - Wait. OMG!
Girl - what?
Me - You have awakened the beast (have a cheeky grin and raising my eyebrows)
Girl - Hahahaa. You're crazy, stop it!
Me - Mmmmmm. Come here you. (hugs kisses) You know, you're amazing. You so
damn hot but most of all....I'm crazy about you.
Me - you're thighs are sexy, gorgeous. (hug her)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hold her tight, make her feel good and tell her, you love her, she's attractive and
she's beautiful.
Sometimes, we guys forget to say such things. Sometimes she saw someone or she
feels down. So this is like an alarm saying..

"Hello. You still do love me, right? You still see me as attractive right?"
Let her know she's beautiful.

EDIT. I had a guy below in comment to say tell the truth. Like she can't see for
herself and she is asking because the mirror must be distorting the facts when
she isn't looking for facts.
But here is TRUTH then...when she isn't looking for truth...
Girl - Do you think my thighs are fat/big
Guy - Yes darling you got Fat Legs. They are FAT. BIG. Lose some weight.
Girl - Is this dress too small for me?
Guy - No. You're Fat. You need Extra Large
Girl - WHAT?
Guy - Oh sorry. I meant XTRA PLUS LARGE.
Yeah, go and tell truth and while you're at it, get your blankets ready. You're going
to be sleeping on the sofa for a month.
You want to live in the "real world" go ahead.
Be my guest.
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

How many people do you follow on Quora? How many people
do you subscribe to? Do you have any upper-limits or lowerlimits for these numbers?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm very careful with where my focus needs to be. The reason is because I am
travelling around world, building my own websites and have a lot going on in my
life. Plus...lots of fun and adventure.
I don't follow anyone and can't stand all this notiﬁcation kicking oﬀ.
So I just follow the feed.
I'm just here sharing knowledge and having fun talking to people using private
messaging. People are welcome to connect, send me messages if they are not
questions.
I hardly vote except if it's a valuable and insightful answer.
I don't downvote much.
Just chilling and sharing ;)
501 Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop thinking about a girl, who I really like?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I stop thinking so much about a girl I like?

"All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses
of their minds, wake in the day to ﬁnd that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the

day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make
them possible." - T.E. Lawrence
Yes, yes, this every growing idea in the head of her smiling, that cute smooth
voice, the smooth white or whatever colour skin, those delicious vulumptilous
lips, her curves and on and on.
To such you think...
"If I get her I will be so happy. I will be so content. I will feel complete!"
"I'd do anything for her!"
"I'd do anything to get her."
You start to imagine all kinds of images in your head. How she will see you, smile,
hold you, date, romance, sex, and even marriage with children. Yes, the whole
god damn fantasy gets played in your head...over...and over...again.
Ah! That one girl. That..
ONE SPECIAL NO ONE LIKE HER...GIRL
The quick version....focus your eﬀort on someone else, approach other girls and
other activities.
The Longer version...read on..
The guys don't only go through this. Nop girls too. Yes, grown up women too. All
pining over some guy and saying..
"Oooh why, why? I like him so. He so respects me. I so adore him. He made me feel so
special. He's so wise. So amazing. I don't know why I like him but he's sooooo..."
On and on it goes.
I'm going to let you in a secret...
What if I said to you, she isn't the one you really like and really, what you like is
the TENSION, that anticipation, that suspense, the unknown of the ﬁrst kiss, the
ﬁrst touch of her skin, the ﬁrst...you now what.
And that goes for you ladies if you're reading this.
You don't know why you like the guy even if he says no, and even if he says he
doesn't want any dating, no more friends, boo hoo, life is so hard for the guys you
like and you just don't know why...you STILL like him
You still like him because of DRAMA it creates.
There is tension, emotions, arousal.
Oh my. Your heart beating fast...Boom...Boom...Boom.
Yes, I'm sure you have an amazing life, sitting on your desk tapping away for 10
hours for a job or studies and it's so EXCITING, but not so exciting as the tension,
of the suspense, of the mystery of the every powerful thought of the unknown,
when you're heart is pounding for that ﬁrst kiss...touch...and kabooooooom!
You know, his dreamy eyes looking deep into yours, feeling his warm breath as he
breathing on your neck, resisting to kiss you, and you feel like you're on a
rollercoaster, UP...UP....DOWN...DOWN....to feel then wind caress your whole
body, and you FEEL you're whole body gravitating UP AND UP and round and
round, as his hands slide Up and DOWN, lifting your hands in the air....as the
wind taps plays with hair, the back of your neck, brushing down your spine,
spiraling to your stomache and....

You kiss.
When it happens and 7 months go by it's...
"Oh, erm, well, erm...we, yes, erm..."
You see guys...
Even that ﬁrst kiss you so desired that touch that it's not so surprising anymore.
It's doesn't have much drama to it. It doesn't have any suspense to it. The tension
gone. There is no electricity running through your body.
It is like it just dissappeared.
There is no heart pacing like a ferrari and going BOOM CHAKA BOOM! BOOM
BOOM!
It's more of a boom............boom.............erm..........boom....bleh.......
Excitement, infactuation is now gone.
This is called I WANT TO GET THESE TOYS!
You know you see something you really like. So excited. You got to have it. Yes,
you got to. You stay up all night and hoping daddy or mum gets you that awsome
toy. Then you wake up and run downstairs.
Of course, it's not snowing but there is a big package all wrapped up under a tree.
It even has a card on it with ribbon.
Your heart beating faster. The suspence, the excitment, the...
"Pleaaaaaaaaase be the one thing I got to have! It be so cool!"
You unwrap and what do you know! You got the amazing game toy! You are now
cool. You got what you wanted.
Fast Forward 6 Months
The game is put away somewhere. It's not that exciting anymore. You want the
latest NEW TRENDY WHATEVER TOY!
You can see it standing there on the window. You can hear the music in your
head. You can see cupids ﬂying.
You got to have this ONE toy because nothing like this toy.
And what do you know.
You get that toy and of course...6 months later, it's something else.
OK let's cut right to it shall we?
Usually this is the case of certain people who..
Liked someone but never took action.
Strange isn't it how a guy or girl does the following and does nothing to go for
what they want.
You have the ﬁrst type..
1. Thinkings about the person a lot
2. Imagines what they do when they are together
3. Looking up the person on facebook or taking a quick glance
4. Investing time, emotions and eﬀort about the idea of this person

5. Hoping this person will like them back
But there is no action.
Just dreaming a fantasy about this person.
Then get upset why their crush is crusing on someone else.
The second type is this..
1. Became friends with this person but really they are infatuated by this
person.
2. They spent more time with this one person
3. They called, texted, and hanged out with this person
4. Secretly liking this person even more
5. Never taking action sometimes for years
6. Maybe never and then acts really weird.
7. When they do, they so familiar, well...they wonder why the person who
knows them so well...doesn't feel the same way.
The third type is this..
1. They became friends with this one person
2. They grew to like this person
3. They now wondered how to tell this person
4. But they feared if they did take action...they'd lose their friendship
5. They don't tell this person outright
6. But send mixed signals like some secret Ninja and everyone supposed to
be can read these codes that go way over our heads!
7. When they do tell this person, the person don't want to know
8. But it doesn't stop them to be obessessed about this person.
9. The will wait for the person. Wait for what? Hope. Like pigs going to ﬂy in
the sky. Yes that kind of hope.
Solution# 1
Approach other girls it will give you a new ﬂow and direction
Approaching other girls will give you conﬁdence that other girls are
attracted to you
Approaching other girls will give you more knowledge and experience
Approaching other girls means you don't put your life on hold for
someone else and you'll create more options
Solution# 2
Going to the gym will increase your conﬁdence and it's investment in
yourself
Identify your passion and goals will better your own future
Participating and socialising with lots of people sharpens your social
skills
All of which makes you very attractive and emotionally strong
Learn to meditate and silence the noise

Invest in psychology about women, about people and utilise these skills
to help you connect with women in ways that enriches their experiences
and yours too.
Obessession can be healthy or unhealthy.
Depends on where you direct and channel your desires. Channel your emotions,
eﬀort and time towards bettering your life.
You'll be amazed what you're life be like 6-1 year from now.
And so we are back to the wisdom of ages...
"All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses
of their minds, wake in the day to ﬁnd that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the
day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make
them possible." - T.E. Lawrence
21 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like when girls ignore them and pay no attention to
them especially when the guy gets lots of attention from
everyone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nah. I won't even notice you. If I got a lot of people around me who give me
attention, especially women then no.
Why would I bother?
If a girl did that then I'd think
1. She's got social axienty
2. She has issues
3. She is very shy
4. She's not sociable
5. Probably a pain in the ass
That's what I'd think if I saw one girl doing that. You'd have to be one heck of a
stunner to do that and even then...it won't be worth it.
A guy who gets a lot of attention has social status and therefore, doing that with
him will backﬁre right back at the girl.
454 Views

Guy who liked me hung out and seemed super nervous- thus
made no moves on me. I don't know what to do or think? He
was so awkward and now I'm unsure?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand. I keep saying to guys to stop doing the old nonsense approach and
get with it, by removing the awkwardiness in being fun, light hearted.
Before I meet a woman for a date that's what I do.
I remove awkwardiness by my intial approach when I ﬁrst saw the woman. Then I
use texting making it fun, light hearted, ﬂirty too. Then I lead to the phone and
we talk, and again, fun, with some comfort talk.
By the time we meet....

We see each other, smiling, grinning, waving, and embracing, kissing, taking the
hand, hold ands and we're jammering away talking about all sorts. Like we known
each other for years.
It's fun, it's an amazing experience.
Unfortunately......
Many guys haven't learnt to do this. Some haven't much experience and trying to
impress and playing safe.
Most also don't know how to converse to ignite women's emotions and lead their
imagination. It becomes awkward and there is no rapport at all.
So here's what I suggest.....
1. Talk on phone. Be light hearted, fun. Do more of this before you meet.
Get rid of the awkwardiness. Even get ﬂirty together. Have a laugh. Don't
take it serious. It helps for later on when you meet.
2. Use texting for this too. Role play, have fun, hammer it so you remove
more awkwardiness.
3. Tell him how you feel in a light hearted manner and what you'd like to
happen and he'll do the same.
4. Don't fear loss. That will hold you back. Communicate.
5. Arrange to meet again.
6. When you meet, SMILE, and touch, immediately. Touching helps to
remove awkwardiness, smiling too. Even it's a hug.
Now watch what happens.
It be so diﬀerent. It be more exciting and both of you will help each other to make
it a great experience too.
578 Views · View Upvoters

How do you come to terms with the realization that you may
never achieve the life and experiences you want?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are yet many a experiences, many goals I have yet to achieve but if you look
at my life, you will see I have lived a good hard life. Through the journey I have
come to this realisation.
Man will always want more.
Even if you were to achieve ALL you have realised, you will desire more.
It never stops.
Look how we come so far and with technology and yet, lost this understanding
that we will always want more - and yet - we cannot solve the problems such as
poverty, famine, wars and bickering for lands and dominating each other?
Say, "Thank you" to life.
Start there.
The law of Gratefulness.
You're so worried about the future when you need to be happy about the present.
Looking into the future and fearing the dreams may not happen does not ﬁx

anything. You must plant your spirit in the present, the now, and work on the
now, to make whatever future you desire.
The next step is get practical.
Know what you need to become to achieve what you want
Know who can help you
Know what knowledge you need
Know what expertise you need
Then with all your belief and understanding how to inﬂuence people in an
attractive manner...go and get the resources you need to make things happen.
Life is about learning, ﬁguring out instead of fearing what might not happen.
Be excited of the challenge and opportunity to make it happen. Be excited about
the journey not the destination.
You may reach where you desire to be but if you lose yourself, then what's the
point?
Spend your time thanking what you have.
I am not saying you are ungrateful.
I am saying, shift the paradigm.
It will open your mind to see life diﬀerently and in a more magniﬁcient beautiful
way and focus you on the present.
You are here....................................................and................................here.
One foot in the past and the other in the future.
Let go and be in the..........present so you are.
................here...........,..
The present.
The now.
610 Views · View Upvoters

How do I text if a girl doesn't text me back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What should I talk about to get a girl to text me back?

I met a woman and through conversation I found out she's a nurse and likes
doing martial arts. I'm not using her real name but this is how it went..
DAY ONE after the approach and getting her number
Me - Kssssh..This is Agent Adam to Agent Kelly. The zombies are invading the
hospital...Kssssh....Need assistance. Bring your Ninja Moves...?
Girl - LOL. Ksssh.....how many are there?...Ksssh...do we need backup? Over?
Me - Kssssh....you're the back up Ksssh...must assume lover cover up..Kssssh....to
distract Zombies with our deadly kiss...Roger?
3 hours later
Girl - Just a kiss? Ksssssh.....LOL....
Next day

Me - Ksssh....slow down..Kssssh...I am a shy guy....a virgin :D....Kssssh.....
Girl - You a virgin LOL....you're trouble....Ksssh...
Me - Ksssh....trouble is much fun...Ksssh...Zombies are in the Parameter Ksssh.
Over?
Girl - I'm coming! Kssssh....
Me - Mmmmmm
Girl - OMG! You are trouble. I like ;)
Day 3
Me - Ksssssh.....The zombies are invading the drug store....and....Icre cream
Van...Ksssh...over?
30 minutes later
Girl - Nooooooooooooooo! Not the ice cream!
Me - Kssssh...I got some in fridge....Kssssh...what you like Kssssh....
Girl - Ksssh.....chocolate...
Me - I have XTRA LARGE...Kssssh....can you handle it ALL...Ksssh...
Girl - Mmmmmmmmmmm....yes ALL.
Day 4
Me - Kssss....the Zombies are left the hospital....Kssssh....we need to
meet...assume lover cover....meet with kiss....embrace...hold hands and
RUN...Ksssh....ROGER?
Girl - Kssssh....awesome plan.....when?
Me - Kssssh....lets talk over the phone...channels be open...Kssssh...so behave like
lovers...Ksss.....
Me - Call you in 5 mins?
Her - Ok.
I call, I sexual indirectly, we role play as lovers, remove awkwardiness. We were
on the phone for 15 mninutes.
Then we met two days later.
Immediately embrace, kiss and we had a laugh. I always kiss immediately and I
do so because I did the work way before.
So you can make the approach fun and you use role play because the unconscious
mind of women/girls love it. It's fun. It removes awkwardiness.
You don't have to do it like I did but come up with something else that's diﬀerent,
fun instead of boring chit chat.
When you approached, you should have found out something about her to use for
the texting and call back humour you see above.
It showed you listened, you ﬁred up her emotions and her imagination which is
the key to create arousal. Sexualise indirectly in fun way.
Remember the goal in using texting needs to lead to the date but make it fun,
solve the problem in removing awkwardiness, and all the kissing part. Use the
role playing for that.

I do this to qualify women and also, if they are not fun and up their asses, boring,
I won't be meeting them or bother carrying on texting.
I have standards and I like fun, adventureous and wild women and so this way
helps me to ﬁnd out if they have similar values as me.
If not, no use pursuing. I move on to the next phone number.
Have fun
;)
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why some boys prefer their dreams than the girl they like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't ever give up my dream for women and never did even when I was a
teenager because of the following reasons:
1. Women is not the centre of my life because women will never make me
complete and whole. A person makes himself complete and whole. She's
not an object to own. She's not a property to own and I have no power to
control her heart which leads to point two...
2. Women will come into my life and no matter if I hear - I love you, I want
you, I will be yours forever that people change. People come into our
lives with emotions and leave because of emotions. People change.
Hearts change. That doesn't mean I don't trust the person but it does
mean I'm going to think they are going to make me complete.

3. The dreams, the goals, the challenges will always be there. I know they
will. Life will not let me rest but throw curve balls at me. But when
people leave you and if I have just them, and I didn't do for myself...well,
I'm a fool.
Woman can promise she will be with me forever. Many have. Many
brokem that promise. So I'm not going to be naive and stupid, giving up
my dreams for any woman but I sure will gladly share them, she can
enjoy what I do, have fun, see my world as I see hers.
My dreams are part of me. My goals too. My ambition. They mean a great deal to
me. So if a woman asks for me to give them up instead of encouraging, being
supportive then I don't want her in my life.
I rather be alone and build my dreams than live like that.
I'm a dreamer and so every woman shall know I am, and that's a life I decided on
when I was young. One accepts it or best walk away.
Those who do, I have loved deeply.
I've been that way when I was a teenager too.
And I learnt even then how girls say "I love you" and then they are dating
someone else a year later or sometimes a week later.
Some much for "I love you, I want you, I'll be beside you forever."
I learnt at a young age to not make that mistake.
PS...this doesn't change whether in marriage or otherwise. Women know my
values and greater purpose from day one. That's what attracts them for us to
meet.

2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Can you kiss a girl on the ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's the wrong question to ask.
The question is how do you create the emotions in her and lead her imagination
in the ﬁrst place. It's about creating the desire, emotions in her. She's already got
it in her so it's for you to be able to converse in way for her to expect it.
This is called leading.
Most men think leading is a man who must approach a woman, make the call,
text etc. That's not the leading I speak of. That needs to happen anyway but it's
not what I mean.
A man should have already solved these obstacles, the fears, the expectations in
the beginning when he approched, then when he texted and when he conversed
on the phone.
That's what makes courting exciting.
That's actually what makes a woman passionate about the man she'll meet. Not
the dinner at some resturant, not the walk, the meeting face to face.
The sexual tension.
It's really very old...old...way to not sort this out way before you even meet.
If you don't sorted this out then your approach, texting and phone skill are not
being used to their full advantage.
I am already sexualising indirectly, having fun, and then on phone we're having
fun role playing, and so she knows what's going to happen when we meet.
I always kiss on the ﬁrst date and the woman themselves are jumping at it
because this was sorted way before we met on ﬁrst date.
It's like the old "resturant date," and "movie date" to be done on the ﬁrst date. It's
one of the mistakes most do because they don't realise, it's not about impressing
a woman. I never go to resturant and movie on the ﬁrst date.
Its about connecting and so I need to walk, converse, touch, hold hands, embrace
etc. Things to remove awkwardiness but also to arouse her emotions and
imagination on what it be like to see me again, to be dating me more etc.
It's about connecting with her.
It's not about the venue, it's about capturing her emotions and leading her
imagination for her to want it to happen.
This is what I mean when I said..leading.
Leading isn't just "Oh I lead to make the ﬁrst call, text etc cetre."
It is leading by capturing her emotions and leading her imagination from day
one. If you don't then you're going to ask questions typical guys ask and that's
what's going to cause awkwardness for her and for you.
If she down for it?
Well, she ain't going to say "Yes baby, please kiss me."
You're going to ask her and say "do you want...erm...erm..well...erm kiss."

It be awkward. It be you wondering when to kiss and she be wondering why you
don't see her attractive. She will also feel lack of sexual tension and won't be
aroused when is with the guy.
The question is never..
"When do you determine when to kiss."
"Where do you go for dates."
"Who pays."
"When do you text and what do you text her?"
"Why she isn't rrespondiong to text."
All this has got nothing to do with the woman you date. It's all questions about
having the woman to behave in a certain way when really, you don't look at that.
You look at what state of mind you want her to be in and when you know, then
you need to know how to help her be in that state.
That's what leading is.
And this is done by you're initial approach.
Then again, you have an opportunity with texting to do this. Again, you have
another opportunity to do this when talking on phone before you meet. Each
stage gives you the opportunity to capture her emotions and leading her
imagination.
Each stage is there for you to arouse her, for her to feel, imagine and for her to
commnciate with you and you with her what you want to happen. This is where
ﬂirting, teasing indirectly comes in.
Many don't know how to do this or know what teasing and ﬂirting is for. It's to
arouse and to remove awkwardiness. It's to show what you are expecting
conﬁdently with her. It's to qualify the woman and a man needs balls to also walk
away if she doesn't meet him eye to eye on these matters.
To such, you're both laughing on phone about it and both of you are now looking
forward for it...to...happen. It now becomes a natural process of what will happen
when you both meet.
It helps her and you out to make the experience amazing.
You are honest with each other, up front and she enjoys that conﬁdence and
appreciates you are leading.
She will even beat you hands down with teasing, indirect sexualisation on the
phone if you know how to do this. Women don't look for sex or kiss.
They look for...sexual experiences and so that experience of emotions, her
imagination ﬁred up needs to be from the beginning.
Like a gradual journey in which the intent is very clear.
I always assume she is my girl friend when I meet. I took care of everything before
we meet. I've lead. I've removed the awkwardiness.
She can now relax, chill and be the woman she desires to be and not worry of
being judged, labelled and feel all this awkwardiness.
The meeting then isn't some hang out, and wondering when to do this or that.
That's old news. That's like 1950's or like what most in society who have no idea
say how it goes.

This was already taken care of loing before you meet her face to face. If not, the
awkwardiness will for sure set in.
It is why every date I had starts with an embrace, a kiss and I take her hand. It's
expected. She expected it to happen. It's been sorted because you needed to solve
this problem way in the beginning. She isn't going to solve it and not because she
can't or vecause she isn't smart.
It's because of stigma, fear if she be judged.
So you then sort it out with your conﬁdence and skill in conversation from day
one, before you meet face to face.
That's called leading.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

What movie best represents your life and why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The Terminal..

About The Movie..
When Viktor Navorski (Tom Hanks), an Eastern European tourist, arrives at JFK
in New York, war breaks out in his country and he ﬁnds himself caught up in
international politics. Because of the war, the Department of Homeland Security
won't let him enter or exit the United States.
He's trapped at JFK -- indeﬁnitely. While living at the airport, Viktor falls for a
ﬂight attendant (Catherine Zeta-Jones). She may have feelings for him too. But
what good is love if Viktor can't leave the terminal?
When I Saw The Movie..
When I saw this movie I was like, "Yes, I understand completely."
Took me 25 years for me to ﬁnally have two countries realise I exist.
I took my British Citizenship oath, got my British Passport and immediately
started to travel the world.
The Other Movie is..Life Of PI

My life was similar without the tiger.
The tiger were many people I met along the way from being in the country I came
from and the characters I met along the way. What he said was the same way I felt
too except I left Yemen...
"I never thought a small piece of shade could bring me so much happiness. That a
pile of tools, a bucket, a knife, a pencil, might become my greatest treasures. Or that
knowing Richard Parker (the tigher's name) was here might ever bring me peace. In
times like these, I remember that he has as little experience of the real world as I do.
We were both raised in a zoo by the same master. Now we've been orphaned, left to
face our ultimate master together..."
One day I was interviewed and what was weird is - I saw this movie a week after
the journalist came to visit. He said similar to what the writer said at the end of
the movie.
I replied in the similar way...

Me: So which story do you prefer?
Journalist: The one with you being stuck in England and the adventures. The
people you met along the way and each one leaving you a lesson.
Me: Thank you.
Journalist: It's an amazing story.
Me: It is just the beginning. What happens next is going to be amazing
For The Full Story...
Adam Taha's answer to What is a true personal story that people have a hard time
believing?
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My friend is telling me to keep texting this girl even though she
doesn't respond. Is he right?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is much faster and far easier to approach other girls than act needy, desperate
and pathetic chasing a girl who doesn't respect you.
You're mate is biased because something worked once with him but believe me, if
he tried that shit with other girls, he be done for harrassment or blocked.
Think about what it says about you..
You've got no options i.e. other girls pursuing you.
You haven't got much of a social life to chase one girl
You're desperate
You're needy
You lack self respect
Just approach other girls.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Everytime I decide to talk to my crush, something stops me
from it, what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The 'something' that stops you is yourself. You're wearing a social mask. That's
your ego and your ego desires control.
You cannot control the other person's feeling and what they are going to do. You
cannot control shit mate.
This is your ego that does things to get a response.
What's the response?
To be liked
To be accepted
To be approved
To be validated.
You want this person so badly to accept you that your inner dialogue is full fear.
You're self sabotaging yourself..

"What if she rejects me?"
"What if I make a fool of myself?"
"She's out of my league."
Wake up mate. You cannot control the outcome and just have fun.
You're hesitence fpor example makes girls, women see you as weak. They are
wired to not want to date some guy who is intimidated by girls but someone who
is stronger, who is conﬁdent because they can get weak from a ton of guys around
them.
So diﬀerentiate yourself from the rest.
Think his way..
"Wait a minute! I am not asking her out! I have to ﬁrst approach to say hi. I can do
that with god damn anybody. I don't even know her to even ask her out. I am going
to just say hi, socialise and see what she's like. I'll be fun, ﬂirt, converse, relax
because I don't really know her enough to ask her out! I'm not some chump to build
some picture in my head about her. She don't deserve that.
FIRST I am going to ﬁnd out more about her, and if I ﬁnd she's alright, personality
is smashing, THEN ok. I'll ask her out. By then she seen what I am like, there's no
awkwardiness. I was fun and she is chilled out because I socialised for a few minutes
or so."
So relax. Be fun. Light hearted.
You need to ﬁrst talk, socialise, be fun, light hearted than making it all serious.
Walk up to her and if she wears glasses say..
"Hey, I just saw you and I had to come over, because you seem like a girl to know. Are
you a girl to know, great to talk to, fun or not?"
You qualify her mate.
This is what qualifying means - you got standards and so you're sating to her you
got standards and you're not kissing her ass.
Now if she says..
"No, I'm not great to talk to and fun."
"Ok. Not my type of girl then. Bye."
Walk the hell away.
Do it for your own self conﬁdence build up. Forget the "crush." Go around doing
that with girls and without this need for them to say yes,
Watch how you now have fun and suddenly you ramp up your conﬁdence to then
ﬁnd that girl you really liked and try it on her.
This is what I did in school while chumps were like dancing on egshells trying to
impress. Be conﬁdent.
Know what what you want and type of girl you want.
Then use that information to your advantage..
"Excuse me, I was walking to cafeteria and saw you, and had to come over to ask
you a question."
"Yeah?"

"You see good looks so damn common these days, so I want to know, are you the
friendly type, who likes fun, or you're the shy type?"
"I'm the shy type?"
"Great then. You've past the test (grin). Me and you will get along just ﬁne. But
look I got to go and see my friends but we'll talk."
You're going to see her anyway everyday. Just sow the seed.
Be conﬁdent.
So, what type of girl you want?
Shy?
Adventures?
Smart?
Into computer games?
Sports?
Reads a lot?
Ok then. Then use that as your approach and it be unique for you but the day a
girl says no I am not, blah blah, then you walk away. Like you got standards no
matter if you are into her.
Make it fun.
Forget being all so serious.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so diﬃcult to say "I love you" to my boyfriend even if I
strongly feel it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When something is diﬃcult like saying you "I love you" and you feel strongly
about it, then you're coming from fear.
It's your ego seeking a response. It's fear based.
Say it, and if he doesn't reply don't suddenly think he doesn't feel same way. Or
run. Just relax and be patient.
Here's why and this is a bit more detailed if you want more explaination
behind what I am saying...
It's a mask you wear. A social mask which is all about seeking a response. So our
actions isn't really about bonding but rather about doing and saying things for
our ego. Our ego desires a response.
What kind of response?
Acceptance
Validation
Liked
Approved
Loved
Now, when you remove that social mask, then you let go of the Ego.
What happens when you do?

You let go of...control.
You let go of controlling the response you get from someone else.
Much of it comes from social conditioning, cultural, your environment, your own
insecurities and fears.
So you detache from thinking someone else's response deﬁnes you. You do that
because a person, job, career, status, approval from others, validation can
dissappear. When they do, what have you left?
Nothing.
But when you don't self referr yourself to external objects like people, money,
status, followers, acceptance, validation, liked, then you will not fear saying what
you feel because it does not take away nor do you lose anything.
You're coming from a very powerful place.
Self power.
When you come from a place of self power, you now do things without the need of
a response. Instead, you do and say thing because it is you and you want to bond.
You don't do it to seek a response from who you love.
You say it because you feel it and whether someone replies back, or whether they
don't, or whether they run away....it's not something to fear.
You don't fear of loss.
There is nothing to lose because the person you love does not make you whole or
complete. Since that is so, you don't say anything to be accepted, validated, liked,
approved and loved because you already love yourself.
To do so, is game that comes from insecurity.
That's where playing hard comes from. Most will say it is to see if the other person
really likes someone and to see if they worth it. That's bullshit.
That's magazines, commericial stuﬀ, romance novels and brain washing.
It's because they are insecure.
So come from strength. Self power.
Say it because you mean it, you don't want anything back, you don't fear if he
doesn't say so and you don't fear loss.
It's sincere. It is not fear based and you're saying it because you feel it.
You cannot control what the other person says or going to do. To try to control is
to satisfy the ego and such a thing always backﬁres anyway.
But when you come from deeper strength - it doesn't matter what one says or
does, because you know you're complete, you make yourself whole - and - you're
saying it to bond closer not to get a response.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should a man give up if a girl almost never initiated the
conversation? Despite the fact that she always replied?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't see much in your details on what's happening but if she's trying to put
some eﬀort and you can tell she's having diﬃculty in commnunicating - then
there are things you can do to improve this.

The thing is, are you both dating?
Or are you spending time texting too much back and forth when you need to lead
to the goal of meeting up?
Have you made it clear from the beginning you're interested in her?
You see, I need to know details because most guys get these initial steps upside
down.
If she knows yuo're interested and you got her number then I won't give up.
Rather learn to help her communicate in a way to help her open up.
Like I said, I don't know the details and it's very diﬃcult answering questions
where there isn't enough information on how you met, what did you do to get her
number and other details.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

The love of my life left me. I still love him very much. The
thought of dating and touching new men makes me feel
uncomfortable and physically sick. How do I deal with the
painful idea that the man I love so much is now making love to
another woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"The love of your life.."
It was the afternoon and she sat on the side of the bed smiling and said the
following words...
"I want a divource."
Oh I knew why. I knew she was ﬂirting about with someone I knew. I even
confronted her about it too. So anything she says to me was going to be bullshit
but even when I knew, it still hit me hard.
The thing is, I came from a religous strict background of relatives, communities
and she was suppose to be this godly woman.
She plotted, planned, covered her track and told others this and that. The thing
is, she didn't realise that the people she talked to, knew me very well and called
me later to say, she's up to something and they don't trust her.
The divource happened and of course, as predicted, she did marry that guy....two
weeks later!
But you see, when things start by deception, lies, it is heavy on their shouldners.
It was a matter of time when both screw up and fuck up they did in a big way.
It didn't last long.
By that time, I had moved on, started to travel the world and my life was about to
become like something of amazing dream I never thought would happen.
I mean life just opened up so much abundance for me that I cannot help,
seriously cannot help but give more to people with whatever I do in my work.
Whatever I give from inside cannot run out. It's so full, it's brimming, ﬂowing and
I sometimes cannot contain myself to want to give more.
But what happened to her?
I hold no malice. I never did. It was all in her head and all probably from past
negative experiences. It was all her way of communication that got me to not
want anything to do with her afterwards.

All her communication was some plan, a plot, a game, a narcisst and psychopath
who didn't give a damn about other people.
It was all about people being that thing for one step further to achieving
something. The more I studied psychology the more I understood what was going
on.
I moved on but she...well...
She's married 4 more times, children from from each man and still no happiness.
It's always the same. It's the guy's fault.
I understand her mind and I understand it will not change for her until she
ﬁgures out what she did but she will do so without my help.
I've moved on because...
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
Though it hit me hard, I was hurt, dissappointed and confusion hit me on what
love really meant....and how can a person change so much instantly even when
we did get married...I was able to move on.
But it took time.
A lot of questions I had to answer and no one could really give me the answer.
All I got was - it was fate.
Destiny.
Written.
God has some works for me.
God works in mysterious ways.
Blah blah blah.
None of it could help. I needed concrete answers.
It was only some years later that I saw it as the best thing that ever happened to
my life. I understood what happened and the fog began to clear.
Seriously.... It was one of the best thing that happened because what it did is it
got me to question things, propel me forward to lots of knowledge and even a lot
of looking deep within myself.
I became not only a better man but a fearless one, and a compassionate one. I
grew to have insights most men cannot have because of what I did leater on. The
pursuit of knowledge that took me years to read, learn and apply.
I also began to question a lot about the way society is and my belief system. I
invested so much to understand, to learn and ﬁgure it all out.
If this didn't happen, I won't be living the amazing life I am living today..
I won't be dating amazing women and all accepted me for who I am, for
what I do, and all on board. I met women that are amazing, beautful,
intelligent, trusting and fun to be with from all over the world.
I've moved on, travelled the world, made new friends and opened my
mind.
I am more conﬁdent in approaching women and life in general
I have invested in knowledge and still hungry for more.

I am achieving my dreams, goals and aspirations.
I dived into women psychology, human behaviour, and love it.
I invested in marketiong, sales, knowledge.
I am doing what I love with people who love what I do.
I turned a disaster, pain and emptiness into a success.
Sometimes, what seems not good for us becomes a lesson that opens our eyes to
our own strengths and beauty.
We realise....
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
If I look at the man I was years ago and man I am today, I swear to you, I don't
even recognise that guy. I don't. I look at him in past and I can't believe that guy
was me. I just can't.
I am so diﬀerent.
Today, I am a guy who is conﬁdent.
Today I can walk up to ANY woman and converse.
I can talk to any guy and converse
I can socialise with anyone and if it's some group in a bar I will go in and
suddenly we are talking like we know each other.
I am a guy who sets boundaries, have purpose, values and core values.
I am a guy who immediately connects with women due to knowledge.
I am guy who don't give a shit what social norms dictate and nor do I
give a damn about what society thinks is normal.
I am a guy with diverse multi-talented skills because I love learning
more.
In fact, I look back now and I see we were so diﬀerent and not compatible in
many ways. She was materialistic, I wasn't. She didn't show emotions, I did. She
loved making ton of friends for status, I was into making friends to enjoy their
company and see how I can be of any help if they need it.
She was religious in words. I was spiritual and applied it to my life. I bonded with
people, appreciate their time and loved getting to know more. I didn't dissappear
like most do because I now got what I wanted out of them.
I wanted to know the people even more because I enjoyed their passion, their life
story. We had similar values and connected amazing well. I like people and so I
want to get to know and connect people to other people.
I don't think..
"I cannot have women touch me because it's disgusting."
I love women. I don't mean I put them on pedestals. I just love women and I am a
very sexual high driven, sensitive, romantic at times if I open up and passionate
in regards to conversing with women.
But also I know..
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
I could be bitter about it all and I could project on to other women.

That's a knee jerk reaction to protect one self in getting hurt. That's wanting
control. That's just rationalising on preventing to bond and love others without
this idea that the other person can complete us.
Instead, I am still loving, passionate and striving to be better with women and life
in general. That hasn't left me but grew even stronger.
I still believe there are amazing women in this world.
I am still excited in approaching, meeting, conversing, touching and having
adventures, and fun with women.
But always with this mindset..
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
I've become this guy understands that self referring and deﬁning himself on
external objects like women, status, money, house, a job position, and having
friends or tons of followers as nothing more but a need for control because...
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
To attach himself to these when all these can dissappear is blind leading the
blind. A thing we learn from children books, romance novels, hollywood and all
the myths about soul mates and the one.
Rather, I detach from such myths and illusions because..
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
I bet you're seeing things clearly after asking this question and realising you don't
see someone else as your whole life.
That no one can give you this wholeness.
That no one can be the love...of...your...life.
There are so many people out in this world, many men where you will love and
who will fall in love with you.
To such arises a question..
"Wait a minute? If I can love this guy, and this guy, and this guy, and many can love
me, then there is no such thing as love of your life. What was I thinking of?"
Because you realised..
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
There is a world out there.
A world full of exciting people, new adventures for you, with diﬀerent paths,
journies, where you can explore.
How about you ﬁrst love yourself.
How about you sit down and get a big MASSIVE MAP and see where you can go
and enjoy your life? Throw a dart and go for it!
How about sitting down and ask yourself what dreams and goals you got that
scare the living daylights out of you and go for them?
Such a thing will take you a life time to build and you do it with great love.

How about just living for yourself for a while?
Because when you do, when you just let go of the control and learn to love
yourself.....many great friends will appear to you.
People who will inspire you, engage with you. and who you will share wisdom of
the past and ages. You will discover your talents, or skills, or just that passion to
do things to live the good life because..
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
And one day, that feeling of disgust regarding men will fade.
That feeling of how you're alone will disappear because...
You can be with no one in the world, no friends, no one...and still feel full of love.
It doesn't need a man nor does it need lots of people to be friends with to feel
you're being loved.
It needs us to ﬁrst....love ourselves..
And learn to live with ourselves.
And what do you know...solitude becomes a friend and meeting someone isn't
about ﬁlling some hole or completing your life.
Rather it is about bonding.
People will desire to bond with you because you're not looking to control anyone.
You're not seeking them to make your life whole and complete.
Instead you're just bonding with an understanding...that...
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
It's like a Tavern.
Some people will walk past it.
Some don't even notice it exists.
Some will look from the window, judging and afraid to enter.
Other's will walk right through the door to walk back out.
Some will come as vistors for a drink, to belong and then oﬀ they go their merry
way. Some might become regurlars.
But....there are those who will come and they will enjoy your company,your
passion and zest for life and......they will stay.
How long, no one really knows but when they come or go....they cannot complete
you. They cannot make you and your life whole.
Only you can do that.
It's probably why they so eager to want to know you and stay.
Because you have ﬁgured out..
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
They can relax and in being themselves with you.

I am more passionate about life, have more compassion, more love than I ever did
back then. Women don't disgust me at all and nor did I carry the past to project
onto other women.
That moment somewhat become an asset, an experience that helped me to grow
and learn a lot more about myself, women and men too.
I learnt...
"No one else can complete you: you are whole. Any change must come from
you"
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it really possible to be able to be certain that someone likes
you without them telling you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Only if your a Jedi or someone with Psychic powers who can talk to their mind
without moving your lips and plant some story on how you like them. I haven't
yet met anyone who can do that.
But apart from that..
Please, for the love of all that is good......don't hint.
I'm a guy so I am going to speak from my point of view as man who dates women.
It pisses me oﬀ when a woman hints, or tries all those subtle messages. Honestly,
it's annoying and waste of my damn time.
Be direct because when you do all these subtle stuﬀ, that's now a game and
personally, I have no respect for any woman who tries that subtle crap on me, and
I say to my mates also to not do that nonsense but approach and ﬂirt, converse,
and let the woman know.
The people who do that fear rejection.
They want everything to be right, certain, before they take action.
Well, in dating, its going to be diﬃcult because nothing is certain, not even
someone says something until they take action and show consistency too. You
cannot aﬀord to be subtle in these matters.
So no subtle hints because the other person isn't going to know and it sends
mixed signals. It is frustrating and as a man, it goes way over my head.
When a woman sends mixed signals with me it frustrates me.
I will get bored. I will see she lacks maturity and social skills., I will see it as she's
afraid of her sexuality and puts other people's opinion above her own opinion. I
will not bother.
No hints. Be direct.
747 Views · View Upvoters

Girls fall for me when I treat them nicely. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you do need to do is set some boundaries.
That's really it. Set boundaries by letting the girls you interact with, know you're
not interested in dating and not looking for relationship.

Also limit your time with them too.
Make it clear and don't be subtle about it.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do some girls ﬂirt with guys to confuse them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girls ﬂirt for a number of reasons:
1. For attention and validation
2. For fun
3. Due to boredom
4. To see if they can get a guy's attention
5. To show oﬀ to their friends/people around her - social status
Then there are times the girls are interested in the guy.
She wasn't crazy. It's very common most girls will ﬂirt.
Most typical guys are hesistent, don't know what's going on and even when they
do know...the play it safe or act logical in calling a girl out when she's ﬂirting.
So just have fun, ﬂirt back and escalate later on too - if you like her.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

What could be one piece of advice when it comes to picking up a
girl from bar? What works and what doesn't?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your state of mind needs to be strong. That's the ﬁrst.
State of mind is how you feel at that moment. It's a choice. If you're thinking
women are out of your league, if you have some judgment on women and people,
if you feel insecure, if you feel certain insecurities, then you're state of mind
won't be as strong and you'll walk in there with a weak frame.
Instead, when you have a strong state of mind, you will walk into places like you
own it. Like you're meant to be there. You won't worry about much of what most
guys worry about with social norms or feel the social pressure.
Second, when you walk into bar don't look around.
Best thing to do is be a regurlar of certain bars. That way it gives you time to know
the people who work there. You get to know the bouncers at the door too, the
people working behind the bar, and even the owner.
So when you sit next to a woman and you call for a drink using the name of the
person working at the bar, and you're talking with them - it demonstrates some
socials status. It demonstrates people know you here.
That for a woman at a deep unconscious level is important because it shows
you're safer than guys there, securer than guys there and when you chat with
woman next to you, it feels diﬀerent for her because your vibe better too. You'll
feel you're in your own element and environment.
Third, learn how to connect not just with women but with other people.
Women do watch, see how you interact with people and it demonstrates you've
got social intuition, you're conﬁdent and likeable.

Fourt, when approching a woman, be fun but not a dancing monkey. Don't try
and impress her and don't buy her drinks to impress. Small talk is ﬁne for a mins
but then connect with her, learn how to dive in conversations so you lead the
topics that you ﬁnd is interest with her too.
This skill isnt easy. It's not like just talking. You need to know what you're doing.
When I learnt this, results skyrocketed due to such a skill.
I learnt psychology, woman psychology and other skills to be able to do this well.
It takes practice but most guys do too much small talk, and don't know how to
connect with a woman and far too pleasing with her and complimenting too
much.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy is mean to you does that mean he likes her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If for example, a woman acts mean to me, I'll tell her straight so she understands
being mean to me will only piss me oﬀ and get me to stay well away from her. I'm
dominant type, and though I'm polite, gentle, kind - doesn't mean I'm not a
badass either. I can stand up for myself if someone steps over the line.
I'd advise any girl to do same.
Some guys may do it due to immaturity or they abusive themselves.
Either way, she needs to step up and let that person know the boundaries and if
he likes her then treat her right than acting like a jackass :D
Now if the girl is pissing him oﬀ, well, she needs to stop also. If she likes him then
she needs to approach in a manner that's attractive not abusive and mean.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay, if I regularly check Facebook proﬁle pictures of a girl I
like? We are not friends (yet) and she gave me her phone
number recently.
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Mar 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She gave you her phone number recently.
How about calling her to walk, meet, hit some cafe, or walk through city centre,
and you can then see her for real, face to face.
It does also depend on how you approached her and context when you got her
phone number. Seeing the person face to face, communicating, connecting in
that way is much better. Get to know her for real that building ideas in your head.
Just don't stare at her like a zombie drooling when you do meet face to face.
9 Views · View Upvoters

I'm white and I feel weird that my girlfriend said the n word. Is
there any circumstance to which I shouldn't?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two things..
1. She's testing your frame. She is testing to see how much self respect you
got for yourself and if she does it as well in front of your relatives, she's
testing much more. You needed to speak up! If you don't speak up then
you are showing her she can do this and much more in the futre, and

walk all over you. Human nature mate. Speak up, set boundaries.

2. Or she was brought up in a way and due to environment she came from.
She might be naive but even so, you speak up. You make sure calmly to
let her know she can't say shit like that in front of you and so forth.
So from the get go, whether naive or whatever...if you don't educate people where
the line is, whether girlfriend or anyone else, then they'll walk all over you.
Let her know where that line is.
But then if she doesn't listen stick to your values. Show you're serious. Learn to
walk away because in the future, no matter how attractive a woman is - you'd
wish you did. Especially when children are involved.
It becomes a right mess and she will be thorn of your life for the rest of your life.
The choices we make today, impacts our future more than we can imagine. We
don't see it but from experience of many men and women - they'd say the same.
Know your values. Have self respect. Learn her know of your boundaries. Speak
calmly and if she still at it - well you now see who she is and best you move on
because it can lead to more than her saying the N word.
Much more than you'd ever bargain for.
Nip these things in the bud early on.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is my ex listening to his friends to stay away from me, but
after we broke up his friends are showing interest?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because he was inﬂuenced due to his need to be accepted, validated and wasn't
mature enough to not listen to them.
And they told him because they had an agenda. Not much of friends but then
again, someone mature, who doesn't need validation, acceptance from others
and to ﬁt in, to deﬁne themselves won't fall for such things.
So think about it.
If he is so easily inﬂuenced by friends then it will always be case on other things
too, in his life until he learns the hard way and matures.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Can I be kind and sweet to my boyfriend without him taking me
for granted and loving me less? I am naturally inclined to
devote myself and be kind but it seems people like to pursue
instead. Should I play and be distant and out of reach or be me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was woman, and I approached her one day. She worked at a bank just down
the road. It only takes 5 mins and as I walked in she was sitting at table. I was
opening a new account.
I sat, she told me the usual stuﬀ and I began ﬂirting with her, and well, one thing
lead to another. As I got up she gave me...her mobile number.
So I went through usual process, text, then lead to phone, we talked, we met and
as always, I embrace immediately, kiss and take her hand and lead the way. We

had fun, and she liked conﬁdent men. She also like romantic types and after a
while, a few weeks, I started to get romantic.
And what do you know...
She started doing some weird things.
Like not answering text after 4 days, sometimes a week. I thought she must be
busy and I was anyway but even when I was busy, I touched based.
She would cancel last minute.
So one day, she never heard from me. I never sent text anymore. I never called
anymore.
She did what you're thinking about - keeping distance.
She thought I'd chase. She thought I will follow. She thought wrong. I did call one
more time to say that from all things I've learnt in life, that good looks are so
damn common, and sometimes, you meet someone along way you like their
personality, you like their attitude, they have positive look in life and it's hard to
come by. And I'm sure BOTH see it that way too and if she does, to call me.
She didn't.
I was dissappointed. All those talks, the memories, having fun, telling me she
wants me blah blah blah.
You know even with my experience with women, I thought..
"Well Adam, it happens. Sometimes you'll get it wrong. Whatever it is, move on."
She called 3 weeks later mind you but too late.
In all her good looks, her being very atrractive and personality that I really liked,
she talked, she laughed, I got along with her so well....this...put me oﬀ.
Just this one thing. I really wished she was diﬀerent. I really wished she wouldn't
be the one to do such things.
I told her the feeling I had is gone.
She tried, she burst out crying, she said she's sorry but even then, I couldn't. I just
didn't feel it anymore. None of her reasons made sense. None felt enough for me.
She could have still called.
I just didn't trust her to go out with her again.
It left a bad taste and well, when that happens with me, it's over. I really liked her.
I really enjoyed being with her but there we go.
I moved on.
So don't play some game. Don't pretend. Don't do those play hard to get games or
the distance games because you'll meet a guy who probably experienced a lot in
life, mature, has lived than most men you have met, and he will do what I did.
He'd move on and I am type, who moves on very fast.
Be kind, be whatever you are. Be sweet, kind, and whatever you are.
There are men like myself, who admire these traites and qualities.
Those who like chasing, see the other person as a trophy. The one who does that
is saying he/she is a trophy.
But when they got their trophy, the buzz is gone.

Then what?
Looking for another...trophy. That pull. That adrenaline. That game. That load of
bullshit I stay well away from.
Be who you are cause that kind of thing is going to hurt someone and it be
someone you like so much but damage is done.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Should I keep pursuing this girl so that I can have a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two things that concern me here.
1. You're intent.
2. You need to raise standards.
1. Intent
When you approach a woman, you're intent needs to be clear. It needs to be
stronger than 'I want a girlfriend."
Not only you are attracted to her but you ﬁnd other the reasons afterwards to
follow through. You ﬁnd that reasons when you approach and converse, while
being fun, light hearted and conﬁdent.
I don't date women because I NEED a girlfriend or WANT one.
I date women because, I am attracted to the woman, second I ﬁnd I like her
personality, her mannerism, her passion for something, her ideals, the way she
dresses and looks after herself etc. I ﬁnd her facinating, energy is great, she's
seems kind, compassionate, considerate, caring.
When I talk to her, she's bubbly, open and loves talking, laughing. So there's a
click...a connection there.
So by conversing I ﬁnd out exactly why I want to ask her out and date her.
2. Standards
I have a certain standards that women I approach need to a deﬁnite answer like
YES or NO. If she doesn't give me a crsystal clear YES and she's telling me she's
busy, or she's going somewhere, blah blah, then she don't deserve my time.
I have standards.
If she doesn't say yes and doesn't put some eﬀort in then.....NEXT.
That way you don't emotionally invest your time, eﬀort, thinking on women and
building this idea on your head. You're giving her attention, you're patting her
ego, and you're probably making it awkward.
Because when a woman says she's busy, no one is god damn too busy when they
really into someone. They will make time.
Sure, I can do all the smart things I know how to do, years of marketing, years of
sales and years of psychology etc....but...
When a woman says, "I'm not looking for a relationship, I could say, "maybe you
haven't noticed, neither am I? When would you like to meet?"
When a woman says, "I'm busy," I could say, "maybe you haven't noticed but most
people are and so am I? When you like to meet?"

When a woman says, "I don't know you that well," I could say, "Maybe you haven't
noticed....I don't know you well either? When you like to meet?"
I could say a lot of things but here's what I really do...
If a woman says - I am busy then..NEXT
If a woman says - I am am not looking for a relationship..NEXT
If she says - I have a boyfriend and we're not into polygamy...NEXT
If she says she has to go somewhere...again and again...NEXT
If she says - I don't know.....NEXT
You need to have standards and most of all, have a strong intent on why you
really want to date and approach a woman.
This allows you to move on real fast. So you don't invest so much emotions, time
and eﬀort on a woman who isn't interested. Or if she is, then not enough to make
time to get to know you and date you.
It also helps you to move on faster to approach other women.
Anytime you wait for someone, keep ploughing and nothing....you hold your life
back. You waste your time which is valuable.
So next time you don't get a FUCK YES then take it as FUCK NO.
Just smile and in your head and think....NEXT.
429 Views · View Upvoters

Why does he admit he likes me, but stay away from me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to share something with you. This happened...
I met a woman online and we hit it oﬀ. So much so, she told me..
"I love you."
"I want you."
"I think you're fantastic."
She explained what she like to happen, what she want to happen, what she dream
of happening, on and on.
Seriously, it was on. She sent photos, the lot.
THEN....
It stopped.
Imagine that. All those words right, all the photos she sent. and even talking to
her on the phone. Stops. One week goes by nothing. Another week. Nothing. I
even give her a chance. I send message to her. Nothing.
So what did I do?
I did what I always do after I give a chance.
I deleted her number. I block her and moved the hell on. That's right. I moved on.
Life is short waiting around people who can't go for what they want, are
inconsistent and just all they say they are doesn't add up.
That their words and their action are not congruent. They contradict each other. I
don't give a damn if she has great ass, tits, and amazing body. Or something this
happened, or something that.

I can't control that part either.
Good looks are so damn common.
But meeting someone who shows interest, takes action, has respect for you to not
waste your time, doesn't play around disappearing, doesn't send mixed signals,
isn't afraid to take action, and waits, has positive attitude, caring.....is something I
feel must be included.
So I would say this...
1. Raise your standards
2. If the person cannot move their ass to show interest...NEXT!
3. If they don't keep in touch...NEXT.
4. If they play hard to get...NEXT
5. If they cannot accept you for who you are..NEXT
This has saved me a lot of time pratting about with women who just want
validation and want attention. Plenty of them around online looking for attention
but when it comes to the crunch, they gone. Probably married or something.
Life is too short waiting around for someone.
Move on fast. Real fast and this allows you to not emotionlly invest time, eﬀort,
thinking and making room for someone in your mind who don't deserve it.
I could say..
He's gaming you
He's shy
He's introvert
He fears rejection
Well, lets say I was in your position and woman was shy, blah blah, fears rejection.
Not...my....problem.
I'm moving on. NEXT.
I suggest you have that attitude. No guy or woman is worth your time, thinking,
eﬀort when they cannot go for what they want and ﬁnish it. If they cannot follow
through, if they cannot even do that....NEXT.
You move on to someone else.
13.2k Views · View Upvoters

What can you do if a girl may like you, but has trust issues and
also may not realize she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends. If she said..
"I like you. I love you BUT...I am just afraid etc etc."
Then you be patient, you don't argue over it. I learnt it's best to be patient,
communicate with her and continue the communication. Not making her issues
as the thing.
Now, if it's yourself who thinks she likes you and she didn't say anything then it
might be all in your head.

If that is so, then best you move on because it just means you're trying to
convince yourself she is interested in you.
Finally, if you like her but didn't approach in the right manner, and expect her to
say something - well, it's very rare for women to do so. Some do but it's very rare.
It takes a woman of self conﬁdence to do that.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Noah Loiselle

WhatsApp: Can I cancel a message sent on whatsapp?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can delete it.
1. Go to the chat you're on.
2. See the message you want to delete,
3. Press your ﬁnger on it for a while.
4. Icons come up. Press the trash icon and it will delete the message.
Done.
303 Views · View Upvoters

If you see 2 guys who are both very attractive, why would you
feel strongly about one and not the other?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take a look at the diagram below and imagine it is the mind of a woman. It
doesn't matter if she's a teen or adult...

GUY #1
The unconscious mind of women are not drawn to men who make them feel
comfortable. That's much later. If a guy approaches you, or gets to know you and
has no god damn clue about women then he will do things, say things, behave in
a way that triggers your unconscious mind to see him as a platonic, a friend.
You know, you feel too comfortable with this guy, he doesn't ignite your
emotions, and nor does he ﬁre up your imagination. The map in your mind at an
unconscioius level of what is attractive, what you desire, and what you like to
happen kicks in but not with this ﬁrst guy.
He doesn't make you FEEL....
A) Certain type of emotions
B) That ﬁres up your imagination and leads it to tell a story
C) You feel your whole body and arouses. Nervousness too. Butterﬂies.
D) Or you don't feel except calmness until he walks out of your view because your
conscious is looking, it's not but your unconscious is multi-tasking lots of things,
and only when he is out of your view...you then feel your hear and realise it's
pacing real fast ;)
But it's not happening with the GUY #1.
He doesn't make you feel excited.
You cannot imagine what you do with the second guy#1 because the map in your
unconscious mind says so.
The way you will then think is like this for him..

"“I mean he’s ok, such a nice guy, attractive but I just didn’t sense much with him.
He’s great to be with and hang out with but I didn’t have sense of connection with
him. He has a great job, money, has great clothes, well shaven, nice personality and
so easy to talk to but....I didn’t sense anything with him to take it any further...”
When you're with this guy the conversation probably is about details, facts,
ﬁgures, or content and behaviour which does not stimulate your emotions and
nor does it lead your imagination to see him that way.
The process in a simple way
Inside your unconscious mind is a process, it's perceptive, it doesn't need content
about details...facts...ﬁgures.
In there is a map, and with it are symbols of what is attracted to you, the roles, the
way a guy behaves, the sense of no time....that you feel emotionally attached to
one guy and not the other guy even he spends years with you.
This is the part of your brain that multi-tasks and so lots of images, fantasises,
thoughts, many kick oﬀ at the same time for you.
But the ﬁrst guy doesn't talk, behave and connect with the map in your
unconscious mind but your conscious.
The conscious has a sense of time.
That you self aware with what being said in the present, you touch things now,
you eat and can taste, you can feel the laptop or chair and when he walks away.t
When he speaks then he is speaking to your conscious mind.
Therefore, here is no feeling afterwards that makes you feel remotely attracted to
him. It is only a friendship because with him it's just conscious.
So there can be hours, months with this guy but...
It doesn't mean you'll be attracted to him.
That's where most guys get wrong and so do most women. Thinking being friends
ﬁrst, get to know someone and then...attraction will happen.
You know, you sit down with this guy or walk, or text, or talk on phone and the
content, it's details, facts, ﬁgures, blah blah content doesn't get your emotions
going. You can get that feeling easily from relatives, friends etc.
"Oh we ﬁnd so much in common. We texted and texted for hours.."
But the woman also adds..
"I just don't see him in that way. I don't sense it with him."
It's like guys who ask questions on Quora..
"I am good looking. Got a degree, can speak 4 languages, play 5 musical
instrument. I got good body, good job and income, and car BUT I can't
attract women! Why? What#s going on? Ooh I'm also a 'non player.'
This is what's going on.
He hasn't a clue how to connect with women.
It's all about him...him...him...but if he just learns this he can better his chances.
He can at least connect with women in an attractive manner than talking facts,
ﬁgures, details, like he is on that question. That questin shows details, facts,
ﬁgures..
1. Good looking. So what?!

2. Degree
3. 4 Languages
4. Plays 5 musical instrument
5. Good body
6. Good job
7. Good income
Think about it.
If a guy talks about all this or asks questions with a woman about these then
would you be aroused as a woman?
Hell no.
Only if she's a gold digger looking for that and only a fool of a man talks about
that in the beginning because the begining it's about attraction not comfort.
You can get any guy talking about facts, ﬁgures, details and such content.
However, what you cannot get from any guy is...the feeling of when your
emotions go wild and suddenly your imaginations starts to ﬁre up for you to see a
guy in a diﬀerent way. An attractive way. A way in which your imagation pictures
you and such guy together and doing things.
Which brings us to...
The GUY #2
The second guy does capture your emotions and does get your imagination
going. This second guy, may not realise it he did it. Some men don't. Other men
do and know how to do this again and again.
The content might not be details, facts, ﬁgures, but that's not important.
What is?
He makes you FEEL something diﬀerent. He lights up your emotions and also
leads your imagination in which you can see you and him together. It connects
with the symbols in your unconscious mind, the no sense of time (that it feels like
you've known him for ages, and it just feels so right to be with Guy 2).
In other words, whatever it is...it sexually arouses you.
The process in a basic understanding is this...
You will feel your heart race, a lump on your throat, the blood rushing throughout
your body, a tingle behind your neck, a ﬂush on your face, the licking or desire to
kiss him, it goes past your neck, to your breasts, even your nipples, travels down
your spine and and even your crotch.
You're whole body feels it with this guy and so you will feel this,..
“He didn’t have the look I usually go for and he isn’t someone I’d really go for. I
didn't have much time with him as I did with second guy....BUT....he’s fascinating,
mysterious, exciting, wonderful AND makes my heart beat faster. When I even get a
glimpse of him I feel nervous. I feel butterlies in my stomache. I want to look at him
but I look away. Sometimes though I don't feel anything until...he is gone and
suddenly I feel my heart beat fast. I want to tell him but I feel scared to do so. I
cannot help to let go and imagine doing things with him I never thought I’d say and
do.."
It's not that feeling of comfortable.
Attraction must come ﬁrst not comfort.

When it's comfort ﬁrst....you'd see Guy #2 as nothing more than a friend. Like Guy
#1.
It's a feeling of nervouness, your emotions kicking oﬀ and your inconscious is
connecting the map ion your mind to the second guy. He is the one who ignites
your emotions and your imagination.
The Time Sense?
There is no time sense.
You can know the guy for only a minute and if your map in your mind connects to
this guy, telling you, you're attracted to this guy...then you're attracted to him.
You can be walking and you see a guy and BAM!
You're infatuated by this guy. You're attracted to him but the guy who is walking
beside you, who makes you so safe, comfortable....meh....you don't feel that way.
I explained in simple way as I could.
It is complex.
Something inside you, the unconscious says..
"I can sense it with him. I can see it with him. My heart is moving so fast. I can
imagine doing things with this guy I never thought I would..."
That's why there's a connection. A sexual/romantic attraction type of connection
with the Guy #2.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters

What happens during meditation?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Throughout our lives we have been conditioned to attach our self to external
objects. Instead of looking from within - self power.
The social mask...self image which is fear based. The seeking of response from
people and other objects. All of which gets us to want to work so hard to control
and well, I cannot control the hearts of other people.
It's ego.
I can only look from within to tap into that which already exist..Self Power,
So when I am meditating, I am silencing and squeezing the connection closer,
and closer to what is already there.
I let go of of labels, judging others, letting go of controlling others, letting go of
relying on others for love, of their words, of what they will do, might do, profess
and detaching from referring the self by attaching on external objects.
Because if I self refer on external objects like validation of people, approval of
people, a social status, title then all these will one day cease to exist.
So let go of control and I sit there to clear my mind into silence.
Without judging anyone and I connect with my self power.
Now I can make my intention/ desires clear and in doing so, I ﬁnd I gain success
with least eﬀort than I did before.
I found I can bond with people easily, connect with them eﬀortessly because I
don't want to control. I give love and if it received then great. If it is not given,

great. It does not matter as I don't want validation, acceptance, approval.
I just want to give and the self power is of abundance as the universe is abundant.
Hence I have no fear of loss and nor do I yearn to control.
I don't seek some ending.
I just enjoy silence and connecting with my self power.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My ex says he doesn't want to be together right now because we
need to mature. Is he trying to keep me on a hook?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, when there's lots of arguments and you said yourself you started
many of them, then it will damage what you have. Most people don't realise the
destruction these arguments can do to a relationship.
It's very toxic. It really does strain relationships and take it's tool.
He is saying "I'm sick of the damn arguments and I don't want a relationship with
you. All these arguments just don't make me feel to be with you."
The negativity will still be with him and yourself.
He is saying that is due to lack of maturity for starting many and yes, you can say
that he's using that to break up to let you down easily.
Whether he is using it to keep you hooked - I won't know.
He'll be looking at other girls and is staying in touch with you because 4 years is a
long time. 4 years is not easy to just walk away from someone you've been with,
cared about and loved.
So he probably will see you once in a while, wish you happy birthday.
But no one is really keeping you on the hook but yourself. Nothing stopping you
dating someone else because now the relationship is done.
There is nothing keeping him dating someone else either. Maybe he's out with
friends doing just that.
I would also stop apologising because there is no need for it. If things were to
have made any diﬀerent it needed to be then. The arguments needed to not
happen and to talk calmly but that was then.
To him - this is now. Applogies don't make it better. It's done.
Don't wait and don't bank on hope. Life is too short for that. Just because he
wants to hang out does not mean any comittment. It doesn't mean he will be back
and you could be waiting a long time to ﬁnd out he's dating someone else.
It's you're life if you want to wait but really, move on.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are some of the best ways to start a conversation with a
girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How should I talk to the girl I like?

So this guy was working as a software developer at this big company. Then one
day he sees a woman..

The thing is, he puts her on a pedestal and starts creating stories.
He starts creating some fantastic stories in his mind. He's creating a
Hollywood/Bollywood block buster movie. He even creates story boards of this
girl who so amazing, so beautiful and....
"I hear music when I see her."
You're lucky then because I don't hear a god damn thing when I see a woman
except my heart moving like a ferrari. Probably that's what the music is but you're
mind is distorting the sound with it's own music sampling machine :D
Everytime he waits he is investing time, emotions and god damn eﬀort on an
IDEA. Yes, she is an...idea. If you haven't approached, then it's a one way
conversation between you and you're mind.
She don't even know. Like teenagers having crushes in school, "I am so upset, she
talked to a guy. Why?"
Well, she don't know you're interested in her but let's continue..
Suddenly she is tranformed in his mind....

Yes, he has put her on a pedestal. The oldest mind trick in the god damn history
when it comes to dating. It's like doing the Jedi trick on yourself.
But wait!
What is this?
He still doesn't approach.
Instead he starts ADDING to his fantastic movie. It's not enough he has invested
fantasy money of millions of dollars. He invests MORE fantasy money and
creates a HUGE Bollywood love story.
He gets workers to build new sets.
He hires other directors, producers, ﬁlm script writers, special eﬀect experts and
he is the hero....holding her close to him....

Days, weeks, months and sometimes ...YEARS go by and the fear of rejection
grows big with weak reasons like...
"My dick is too small. She might like small dicks."
"My hair hasn't this unique fonzie style."
"I cannot do the matrix moves."
"I am an introvert SHY.."
"I am too short."
"My ass looks too big in the Jeans, right. TELL ME!"
"She's too good for me?"
"She's out of my league."
"She can code and solve problems in minutes while singing in the rain. I can't."
"I have a square head and vampire teeth."

"She is 3 months and 2 weeks older than me. Is it a problem."
So what is going on?
What's going on is he's wearing a social mask which is about self image, which
comes from EGO and the ego is all about seeking...a....response.
What type of response?
To be liked
Validated
Approved
Accepted
It is fear based.
I imagine the guy thinking in this distorted way...
"Her opinion of who I am is more important than my opinion of myself. That she is
the ONE. The soul mate. There is no women like her one earth and the ligt shines
from her ass. I must make sure every word I say is perfect. I must not make a
mistake because if I do......I won't get accepted. I'll get rejected?"
Suddenly the idea of the woman he likes turns into....

Don't ask me why she's wearing some crap green beads and bikni that looks like
someone had a mid-life crisis and splattered some paint on.
Ask the guy who who is creating this fantasy idea.
So we got a guy who says he's introvert and shy...
And yet the dude was rejected probably from diﬀerent companies and didn't give
a shit and continued to apply until a company says..
"So you think you're good enough to work here?
"Give me a test and I'll kick your ass! YOU HEAR ME! I'LL KICK YOUR ASS!"
So they gave the guy a test and he kicked their asses. He walked in their like
Rambo. Rolled his sleeves and winked at the other coders, cracked his ﬁngers,
probably did some dancing moves too and made it happen.
It was so fast the company thought "HOLY SHIT! HE IS...THE..ONE!"
So much so they knew he didn't need their acceptance, validation, approval
because there are many companies who will snap this guy up any day.
He's a badass software developer.
Don't fuck with software developers!
They are vicious when it comes to coding.
They are like Ninja's who can focus and drink tons of tea, coﬀee, eat, with slippers
on and like shadows in the light...code with creative precision.
But when it came to a girl...he lost his mojo.
The touch.
The magic.
The MAGNAANCIHAK IEIUGAIG <<< I swear this words exist but in my head. Just
smoke some strong stuﬀ and you'll be able to see this word for real :D

It got to a stage where it is aﬀecting his work and so, he had no other alternative
to approach her. He didn't know how to solve the problem of getting choked but
he approached.
His heart beating faster, the blood is rushing through his body, his sweat dripping
from his forehead and his body felt like giving way. Just when he's about to turn
away and run....she turns and is both stare at each other face to face..
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
What does he do?
WHAT?
He's lost his touch.
The magic.
He is no more the Ninja who ﬁghts in the shadow.
He wishes the earth swallows him up.
What does he do now?!
He has lot the Rambo eﬀect
The MAGNAANCIHAK IEIUGAIG <<< there is it again ;)
Suddenly he talks as he accidenly splatters saliva all over her blouse. He stumbles
with each word. His brain is working on over drive.
It's saying "TALK DAMN YOU! TALK! JUST SAY ANYTHING!"
And he does and the moment he does and she starts speaking - something
happens. Yes something very strange indeed.
He has never experienced it before...
The idea he had of her went from this...

To this....

To her true self.

The moment he took action he found out she was just a human being. A woman
with intelligence, smartness, ideas and she was humorous.
She didn't pile some sticks and threw him on the wood to burn him alive. Nor did
she unsheath a big sword and start doing the Ninja moves on him.
She didn't scream and create some huge drama.
She didn't pick up the monitor.
(come on guys! I was too busy looking for a better image. Focus! Focus at the topic at
hand :D)
She doesn't change into Hulk and picks up that monitor and says..
"HULK SMASH! HULK LIKES TO SMASH YOUR HEAD IN!"
Instead she was ﬂattered but she wasn't interested.
He is still ALIVE!

The world didn't end.
The earth didn't swallow him up.
He...has lived...to tell the tale!
He walks away gutted but he realised something.
"That wasn't bad. I AM THE MAN! YEAH. I AM...the SHADOW NINJA!"
He starts walking with a skip as the other coders look at him and gives him a
thumbs up. They start to pat him on the back..
"You didn't it man! One for the software developers!"
As he sits down staring probably at a blank monitor, he learns a lesson. If he
wants to keep his Ninja conﬁdence high then....he needs to immediately
approach when he sees a woman.
He needs to approach immediately instead of creating some fantastic story about
her in his mind.
Why?
The more you invest emotions, time, eﬀort in creating an idea of who the woman
is....the rejection hits you like a ton of bricks.
It takes time to strip the idea one brick at a time.
You don't move on so easily.,
Like typical guys you're always asking..
"Is there HOPE she might like me. Is there? Is there HOPE."
So First Come From The Place Of Self Power
Shift your paradigm from..
I am so shy
I am an introvert
I will DIE if I talk to her
To this...
I am going to say hello
I am going to ﬁnd out who she is ﬁrst
I'm going to see if I really want to get to know her better
I am going to ﬁrst....connect
If I like what I hear and feel, I will ask her out for a drink, a walk.
No woman is out of my league
If she can't see me then she hasn't got what I want. That...she sees me!
He has come from a place of self power than fear based.
He has spent little time on idle dreaming, fantasy and moved fast.
He isn't deciding anything until he ﬁrst ﬁnds out more about her. He can connect
and bond with anyone.
Nothing wrong with that.
This throws all those fears about rejection because you're not going to confess
love or any of such thoughts when approching:

First connect
Second converse, be light hearted, fun. This is no time for seriousness,
Third decide if she's someone you like to know about and;
She respects you and doesn't talk shit to you
Ask her out for a drink, coﬀee, tea, walk.
Finally, build comfort but still be fun
We need to be careful with our minds.
If you install some shit software in a $5,000 computer, what you think will
happen?
It's like saying the bullshit in your head every day for years.
You don't even clean your mind, protect your mind from such negative self
destructive talk.
Funny how we will buy expensive alarms for our cars, homes and buy locks. Even
insure most things but our mind, the most amazing tool we have is diﬀerent. We
treat it like crap.
We don't make sure we protect it.
We let people tallk shit to us. We talk shit to ourselves. We hang out people who
don't believe in us and talk more shit and then we watch more shit, read more
shit, discover more shit and believe in bullshit.
So how can you expect to be conﬁdent if you have not prepared your brain to do
this?
How can you even be conﬁdent about approaching women if all you've been
focusing on is sitting on your ass coding - and talking shit about yourself?
How can you know how to communicate to capture a woman's emotion and lead
her imagination if you haven't the knowledge and experience?
Imagine if you did that with being a software developer.
You think you'll be conﬁdent to do your job?
She is not out of your league.
You....are....out...of your depth!
43.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thomas Shelby, Thomas Mart, and 2 more

Is it ok for your girlfriend to kiss their friend that is a girl on the
cheek plus hold hands and call them their love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It looks like it bothers you but you need to appreciate that's her body, and you're
really trying to control. The control comes from fear based. That need for
validation, acceptance, to be loved and only you be loved.
So when she kisses a girl on cheek, holds hands and even says she loves her, it
goes against your value system. You also fear.....loss. You feel something is going
to happen or already happen.
You want to control.
But you can't.

What you can do is communicate to her your feelings and if she still does it then
you have to decide...
1. Live with it
2. Or break up and be with a girl that doesn't do that.
That's really all you can do.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Xavier Greczyn

If I loved someone for what they were before and now they have
changed, should I adjust to the change or should I call oﬀ the
relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, long distance needs communication and without both - you and her
communicating it's going to be diﬃcult. I understand that people are busy, got a
life and I am commnicating with someone outside the country too and I can see
how it can be diﬃcult when communication is not there for even a day.
Mind kind of goes a bit weird.
But you have had 4 years now and if she's too busy, but not busy for the TV, and
when you call she's tired, wants to sleep - then something is up.
Talk to her, communicate how important it is for both of you to communicate
because in all honesty, if someone who suppose to love you says that, well, it
looks like she really isn't putting much eﬀort in.
I personally look only at one thing.
I don't look at words, on how someone says they so into me, want me and etc. I
hear that a lot from women. They love who I am, they want me, they want
me..they want me...YES...the want me...they got to have me...they want me.
But the moment I say, "Ok then. Let's meet."
Silence. That tells me everything. Lack of clarity, to even say "ok yes, let's meet in
future. Let's plan it out. Lets.."
No. Just silence and then it follows, with them not calling anymore. Then no
texting. Then it's me grinning, smiling because, well, I'm use to it.
But I got options in the city...I am living in too. BOOM!
So I get busy, live and I will nod, smile, love back, and I WILL mean it, but I know
I cannot really expect other person too until the person meets me. Until the
woman sees me face to face. I know then she really....really means it.
I look at action.
If the action is not there but the words are, well...I know that it's just not yet there.
I know what's coming. My heart sinks for a little, I lower my head for a little, I take
a deep breath and I sigh. I just know. I just...know.
It's not really that feeling deep inside that the person really cares not just in
words but in action.
But when they really do mean it....the person is texting, calling, so eager to know
you, looking at your facebok proﬁle too to get to know you, interested in what
you're doing etc. To some they might get scared "Oooh stalker."
Me "YEAH BABY! You ﬁnd out everything about me. I love it. Tell me all you
know about me. I love it cause you're showing you care!"

And one woman can be attractive, I mean stunning, great body, ﬁgure, and even
personality but she doesn't eﬀort, action.
Other isn't as attractive but has personality, and yet she is going for it. She is
hammering it with wanting to know me. She is asking questions about my
interest, my passion, wants to hear my music, and on and on. That's the one I
KNOW she means it because she's the one who will say..
"Hey, I want tio see you. When?"
"Really?"
"YES!"
"Alright! Let';s rock and rokll. How about in a month?"
"Yes I can. I can be there in that date and I stay for a week? Is that ok?"
"Yes, it is ok."
Kabooooooooom!
See the diﬀerence here?
Action.
That can happen in ﬁrst few days, weeks, and even months but if after 4 years
and no communication - well - you got a problem.
Only way is through communication.
So deﬁnitely communicate your feelings and if still she's same, well then no use
wasting time on something that's not really going to go anywhere. It's just going
to stay stuck and it needs one person to be brave enough to do what's necessary.
That means moving on.
It's sad, 4 years but it happens sometimes.
I hope things work out for you mate, I really do but if not, you tried, you did your
best, you communicated your feels and that is all you can do.
If that isn't enough....not worth spending time on someone and something that
isn't going to go anywhere.
All the best.
1k Views · View Upvoters

If I tell an unavailable woman that I love her will it help to ease
the pain of remaining silent?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course you become more attracted to her. What do you think happens when
you direct your thoughts to a woman and paint some idea in your head about
her? That's what she is...an idea.
What do you think when you spend more time with her and she's in your social
circle with this idea you got feelings for her?
How do you thinks desires increases?
By you putting time, eﬀort and emotions thinking about her, building castles in
the sky, brick by brick until now it's a block buster movie of how you think it can
be.
No, it won't defuse anything but here's what will:

1. Build on your social life and put your attention on that. Make new
friends
2. Get out of your comfort zone and approach other women
Because the only reason you are focusing on a woman who is already in a
relationship, and who might not even be into polygamy, is because you lack
resources.
To defuse you must direct your attention, your focus, your thoughts elsewhere.
Because telling her doesn't do much good to defuse anything.
It is still be like holding a magnifying glass in the same spot as the rays of the
blazing run shines on a paper. You keep it there, on that spot without moving
your hand and you will burn a hole in that paper.
You need to move the focus somewhere else.
Plenty of women on the planet.
You in other hand focused on a woman who is a friend, who is already in a
relationship. That means you're social life is....tiny. You're in your comfort zone
and you stayed there.
Go expand your social life, meet other people and talk to other women. You may
not be disrupting your life when you tell her but believe me, you will disrupt hers.
Telling her you love her is only going cause a lot of awkwardiness. If she isn't into
polygamy and you know so 100%.
Best you let it be and get out of your comfort zone to approch more women. Move
the focus somewhere else. Limit time with her. You're not emotionally strong
meeting lots of times in a week when you have feelings for her.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl never texts a guy ﬁrst does that mean that she's not
interested? After confessing to having a crush on her, she
replies everytime happily with simple closed texts that
challenge me to explore more about her. Is she interested in
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends. I have many who ﬁnd me online, add me, follow send messages, and
even lead to texting. These are conﬁdent women and I admire their conﬁdence. It
is very rare to have that but that's what I attract.
If I was you, I'd not wait. Lead.
I am not saying there is something happening. Anything could be happening.
She's busy, this is happening and that is happening. Nothing to do with you at all
and it's just part of life.
So don't see anything into things.
A phone number is not a date.
You need to follow through and lead.
If I was you right now - is text because she will have all sorts in her head. Lots of
hang ups, fears, million thing going through her head:
1. Nice girls don't call ﬁrst
2. If I do he might think I'm too easy

3. Might think I'm a whore
4. Might think I'm a slut
5. Oooh maybe if I don't show interest, wait and he text ﬁrst Ooooh :D
I would advise you to text her but text fun, light hearted ﬁrst until you get to
know her and then you can be a little romantic when you date, building comfort.
Don't text boring "hey," and "hi" and "how you doing."
Text something fun. Make her laugh, smile, feel alive.
Then after good responses, lead to phone and talk.
After a couple talk on phone say..
"Hey I know this great place in city centre and thought I'd also check other places
out. I'm going on wednesday or thursday. How about we go and check out
together. What you like on wednesday and thursday (suggest time)"
150.9k Views · View Upvoters

What would be some good ﬁrst steps in removing the bricks
from my wall of ego?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst is understanding what these bricks are and why they are there. Even
seeing if there is construct of a wall in your mind.
If you believe there is one....
You will in a sense ﬁgure out how the wall was designed, constructed and for
what purpose. If one for example does anything without understanding then
meditating or anything you do....doesn't come with the self awareness it needs.
The ﬁrst is the wall is not out there.
It's in you because when you tear down your wall, brick by brick you become from
a place of Self Power. This self power is about bonding with other people. If you
see walls than this is your fear.
It is the social mask you wear which comes from ego.
Self image which is fear based.
It is to seek a response:
Validation
Acceptance
Approval
To be liked
In other words, the foundation is ego and that wall is object referring.
You do that by trying so hard to attach your self to external objects such as
people's responses, and if the response is not what you want you you get
dishearted. You judge others. You also judge yourself so much you imprison
yourself. You fear getting hurt and this isolates you from humanity.
You think of controlling other people and the response they give might do some
good but really, that's just a sympton of something deeper inside you.
When you come from Self Power it is not about the external objects and their
response. It is not about control. It is not about judging others. It is not about

being alone but rather being part of a collective thought.....humanity.
The moment you remove yourself from collective thought where you can beneﬁt
humanity - you feel empty, alone and you create a wall around yourself.
It is about that which is within you and that which is within you is the natural
energy, the same universal energy that desires to bond. It inspires, ignites
people's imagination, they can feel your amazing vibe, it attracts and it helps you
bond with people. It is created from within you.
You don't need to control anyone.
You need to let go of the control.
When you have Self Power then people will feel you do not want their approval,
validation, acceptance but rather you are there because you are being of
your...true nature. You will do anyway no matter what.
To give. To enjoin. To celebrate life and people.
However, when you come from a place that is fear based...ego - self objecting then
you feel the power is outside of your self. You ﬁnd yourself wanting to do what
the ego desires you to do always.
To control by building a wall inside of yourself which impacts your social life.
We are all inﬂuenced by situations, circumstances, events and people. We have
this hunger, yearning and desire for external power. The approval of others,
validation from others, to be liked by others and to ﬁt in.
When we come from Self Power we have great potential. We don't need
validation. We don't need control. We are not coming from fear.
Your self power detaches from these things. It's spirit is in no need of these
things. There is no ﬁght and struggle within you for these things.
You do not fear obstacles in the world, challenges, circumstances and nor do you
fear in facing your own demons.
Rather you rise up to it all because Self Power will acknowledge your potential as
a human being that is connected withn all things but not attached to them.
1. The ﬁrst step is Silence.
You do this with meditation. The key is to silence the noise in your mind. With
silence comes great self awareness and self power.
Make a comittment that you will give 15 minutes in the morning and 15 minutes
in the evening for meditation.
You need to focus on silence.
When you're mind is silent then you can throw a tiny pebble in your universe and
it will create tidal waves to lift you up.
But if you're mind is cluttered with noise, you can throw London Bridge into your
universe and you will not even create a dent. Not one simple ripple.
Like it the bridge didn't even exist.
When you have took the time and it will depend on you - where you achieve
stillness in your mind then you can make intentions.
2. Intention - what is it you desire.
This is where so many make a mistake in the laws whether it is law of attraction
etc.

They want things to work but they do not do the basics beause the basics going to
take some work.
The ﬁrst step is...silence...stillness of the mind.
Meditation > Stillness > Intention > Next > Next >
People skip the ﬁrst three and wonder why they ask but don't receive.
So ﬁnd a quite place in your home and switch oﬀ the phone and anything that
might interrupt you. Be in the dark. Relax. Breathe and be still.
Or go where nature is and soak in the natural energy then meditate.
3. Practice Non Judgement Including Labelling People
People leave comments and call me all sorts. I just block them. Have no time for
such things and not because they bad people or whatever.
The reason is, I know where they are coming from.
When you judge other people, labelling them, anaylzing them, deﬁning them,
categeroising them, it creates a lot of bullshit in your own mind. It creates
negative internal dialogue. It creates turbulence that goes agains what you desire
to achieve in your life.
This includes labelling anyone, man or woman because labels come from social
condiutioning. People label others and judge others but what is really happening
is they are deﬁning who they are themselves not what other people are.
They are deﬁning their attitude, value system, beliefs, perception and their
reality.
Judging clouds your mind and you do not see the beauty in other person because
we are trying to be right and saying someone else is wrong.
Judging then is about what's wrong and what is right.
Who gives a shit.
People don't remember what we say but how we make them feel. We can be right,
we can be smarter, we can be more knowledgable but it doesn't really matter if
someone is and he's telling me all sorts.
I will only remember....how he or she made me feel.
I'm human being and so is everone else.
I won't gﬁve a damn how right someone is if they treat me shit and someone else
will also feel same way. Our egos will get in the way to be..right and some else is
wrong.
4. Mind The Gap
So what is it you're trying to do when you meditate?
You are trying to close the gap. Lowering the volum, closing that gap, smaller,
tighter until you becomeself aware you.
5. You have a strong connection.
You visualise the gap and literally tighten it, close it, squeeze so your connection
to your Self Power is stronger. So much so you will ﬁnd people feeling it when
they are around you and begin to bond with you.
You now have....the process.
Meditation > Stillness > No Judging > Tighten Gap > Intention/Desires

1k Views · View Upvoters

I am 26 and the girl I am going to date is 22. How could I make
sure that we don't feel odd about our age gap?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let go of your insecurities. Be conﬁdent in who you are and don't mention
anything negative regarding anything. I mean anything including age. You don't
need to speak about age and all that.
She isn't out of your league. No woman is. I always think that way. If a woman
cannot see who I am for real, well, she's not going to go far with me.
This is about one thing only - make her feel alive!
This is about you're role to:
1. Capture her emotions
2. Lead her imagination
If you really like her and you really want her to feel great then focus on her not
your insecurities. Focus on making her feel alive.
It doesn't matter about venue, resturant, cafe, movies.
I do neither.
I don't take women on these places but walk because the ﬁrst thing in these few
dates is about connection. I walk with her, talk with her, than sitting on opposite
each other on my ass.
Sure we might after go for a drink and chill later but it's never about the venue. It
is always about how you make her feel. If you can capture her emotions and lead
her imagination then you will make her feel alive.
In other words - get her talking about the things that make her feel alive. Get her
talking a lot. That's your purpose on that date.
It's about making her feel alive for her to open up and talk.
So you got to be bold in this. You cannot play safe or she won't remember you or
feel what she needs to feel. Her emotions will start tinglying and her imagination
will kick in and she will tell you everything about herself.
When she does...listen. Listen carefully on words she uses and the images she
paints as she talks. You will learn a great deal how to communicate if you truly
listen to the woman you're dating. That is if you get her talking on things that
make her feel.
When you know how to do this you know how to communicate back to any
women and in doing so, they remember you. They can leave and date someone
else but they just cannot shake you out of their mind.
Each man they date doesn't do it for them.
Even the moment she leaves her mind is thinking..
"What happened to me there? How did he make me feel this way? I feel so great. I feel
damn good. I never felt this good for so long!"
She remembers how one guy made her feel so damn good. His conﬁdent totally
up there. Composture calm. Made her laugh and also made her feel that ﬁnally,
one guy gets who she is. Finally!

And suddenly you get a call after a week..
"Can we meet again? I really want to talk to you."
That's because the magic has happened.
The click.
The connection.
She felt you knew her more than anyone by that one moment you both met while
walking on the ﬁrst date.
Sure, some guy might have been a great friend, wonderful, trusting, gentleman,
she got respect for him, blah blah blah blah blah but....you made her feel this
feeling. You gave instead of take. You recipocrated instead of doing things for a
response.
You did this not him or other guys.
That's why I don't ever worry if a million guys chasing the one woman I like. I
know one thing. I can make her...FEEL alive and when you can do that,
everything else even those guys...fades away.
All the excuses her mind will give will be silenced.
She will not let anything get in the way to get to see you again.
It's like you did something amazing You really, you didn't do much. You saw her
as a human being and connected with her emotionally. The things we are
supposed to do but most of us have never learnt even with people we know.
In doing so, she will think:
"How did he know me so well? How?! Not even the closest of people know this about
me. How did he know? By just seeing me? By me talking? It can't be. How?"
You knew because you truly cared and focused on her.
You cared enough to stay away from impressing her and instead focused on
making her feel alive. You wanted her to have a richer and amazing experience
even by just walking with you.
It's not the venue, it's not the activity, it's how you...make her feel alive.
There is saying..
"People will never forget...how you made them feel."
In fact she will be so stunned in a good way she will say it to you. She will smile
and ask how did you know all this about me. Some might even cry a little because
they felt so emotional. Just relax. Let it happen.
Some so happy they will jump on you and embrace you.
Some women won't say anything and even tell you there is nothing yet there but
they will be jumping inside. They will be excited and the next day or so, they
cannot help but call you and tell you how they really feel!
I have had this happen many a times.
There is no trick. There is no magic bullet. It's just you got to learn and know how
to communicate with the women you're approaching, speaking to and dating.
Believe me, most men cannot do this. They don't know how. They are not good at
listening visually and listening when women speak.

Yes some women get a bit insecure. Some get the good and lose the guy. Some just
self sabotage but you don't worry about these women who do.
If they cannot see you for who you are then it's their choice and they live with it.
You just move on connecting with other women and one woman will see what all
these women couldn't see.
Click! It has now happened.
So it's up to you to be a good listener.
Find out about her. Really focus on her. Listen good to the words she uses. She
will convery to you everything you need to know on what makes her move, what
she desires, what she looks for in life and much more.
She will even help you to overcome obstacles along the way because you focused
on her and made her feel alive.
Women no matter aged 16 and onwards do communicate all this but the problem
is that most men are in their head too much to listen.
They are too focused on their own insecurities. They are worried about
impressing the woman. They worried about their age, their clothes, their looks
and if they in a great job etc.
They are are looking for a response, validation, to be liked and accepted.
Thinking far too much about...
She's out of my league.
What about my age?
Where shall I take her for the date?
I haven't got much money but I need to impress her
What do I say?
Instead of....how do I make talk abiout what makes her feel alive?
They are too focused in getting validated, accepted by women when she already
shown interest. Now is the time to connect at an emotional level.
I don't mean you don't be a gentleman but you do need to focus on connecting
with her at an emotional level.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when I ﬁrst meet a guy who I've been texting
for months?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is going to be some awkwardiness and I would advise to seriously do the
following steps..
1. Talk on the phone. You need to talk to each other on the phone. Not just
once but as much as you can. Even if it's once a week.

2. Use skype so you can see each other when you talk. So after quite a few
phone calls, move it to skype face to face calls.

3. Before the meeting, for fun, together, "I was thinking if we can come up
with lots of things to talk about when we meet because I don't want to be
awkward and I know you don't. I'm kind of shy so it will help me too."

4. Now look. I understand holding hands, kissing, whatever can be a bit
awkward. This can be remedied by having fun, role play using text. I do

this and believe me, it's amazing when you meet each oher. There is no
awkwardiness. It's natural you embrace together, kiss and hold hands,
walk, etc. It has been talked about, in a fun way.
Help each other.
Also don't stop communication. No one is too busy to stop communication
ﬂowing. If communication stops from your side, the guy is going to think you're
not into him. He's going to think something is up.
He won't say it but you'll notice when he doesn't send anything because the
woman who was so excited suddenly stops and that throws spanners in the
works.
If he stops, then you'll also feel the same.
It's the last thing you need. We can be lazy and if one stops, one acts busy, well,
things start to go downhill because the other person "assumes" things. The brian
starts coming out with all sorts of stories.
I'm personally patient, busy anyway so if a woman stops, no problem. I
understand and I won't assume but most people will do so. It's easy for the brain
to kick in and you start wondering if the person lost interest.
It becomes cold, awkward to start it ﬂowing again.
So help each other to keep communication open.Keep it ﬂowing. If you're really
are into each other then show it.
Don't be too busy to communicate.
WHEN YOU MEET
1. Smile.
2. Embrace
3. Kiss
4. Hold hand
You would not believe how just these 4 steps removes a lot of awkwardiness. The
faster you do these 4, the fast you can go "PHEW. We can relax now."
You'll feel the tension of stress is gone.
Now, remember all those ideas you both discussed on what to talk about?
Now you can use them. They just there to help remove awkwardiness. A few
minutes go by and believe me, you won't need them. You might not need them
but because you both discussed and wrote them down...your mind will kick in
and help you anyway. It's there to remove awkwardiness.
I had many people use this simple technique and it worked great for them. Many
didn't have to use the list of things to talk about. It just let go of stress, anxiety,
worry which creates awkwardiness. Make it fun when you discuss on phone.
You'll both be laughing, smiling, talking about lots of things when you meet.
Texting is not the same as face to face,
Some people not great at texting or phone but moment you meet face to face, you
ﬁnd you click and it's awesome.
32.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I sing better some days than others?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're body is telling you something. I listen to it when it starts telling me
something is going down. Do you have a busy life? Working many more hours?
Stressed out? Something worrying you?
It aﬀects your mind, which aﬀects your body and your body is like an engine. If it
isn't looked after or if it's feeling the stress then you start to tighten up. Even your
essential instruments for your body and that means all your body, not just your
vocal chords and centre gets jammed up a little.
It gets tightened.
It's why I made a choice to not have a crazy busy life working my butt oﬀ for the
dollar. I made a choice. Either I live as a spiritual person and not 50% or I don't at
all. Either I live by my ideals or I don't.
So I decided long ago, no more.
No more working myself to death. No more making anything an excuse, bills or
whatever. I moved out of the place I lived, found place less pricy, reduced
somethings and found myself having more time, less stress and ﬁnally, more time
for relationships. Finally!
I ﬁnally I could say "kiss my ass" to the rat race and began working smart in
diversifying my talents, skills without even a website and it worked! Now I am
building the website so I can increase income eﬀeciently, which will allow me
MORE time, and reducing stress even more so I can do what I love the
most.....writing songs, singing, producing them and much more.
The things that don't cause me stress but joy. Peace of mind.
I don't get cold as much anymore. I don't get ill much either. Haven't for a long
time. My vocal chords don't get jamed up and tightened because of it.
I feel much better.
I have more time to write songs and other creative works.
I don't believe in being busy busy when it throws my health and my mind all over
the place. I need silence when it comes to medition. I even moved out of a city for
a while to somewhere more less dramatic, rat chasing life, and all that.
It worked.
My stress level went completely down and I sang better as well. It even helped
with blood levels. I wish I did it earliar but I'm glad I did it when I was young
anyway,
When I got to the level I wanted I had the income to go back but this time, enough
so I don't over work. I'm not going to kill myself for anyone's company and
lifestyle or for the dollar. My health comes ﬁrst. I made sure to ﬁnd away and not
keep saying I am so busy, life is this and bleh.
I wanted to breathe, live, enjoy life and I love singing, being creative but I use to
get tired so much, cold a lot and it was getting to me. I used to be home late and I
crashed out after I had something to it.
No time for relationships which I enjoy when dating women.
Sometimes it's the environment we are in, sometimes we're associating with
people who suck our energy dry. We give, give and they take and take. When
taken enough they get lazy and leave.

I made that choice and I've never looked back. I have more time also for
meditation and I observe who is really who when they come into my life. Time
always tells me who is who and if I done right in my decisions regarding work and
lifestyle, awesome.
Now, most all around me in a choatic busy life, and I hear it a lot from people and
it sometimes sadden me - because they ask.."how do you do it?"
They know how.
How I did it - I made a choice.
And it's ﬁne to live without somethings and get to them a little slower but
smarter. It has done a lot of good for my creativity and most of all....my voice.
Try to get sometime to relax, close everything oﬀ, ﬁnd a place with no phone,
nothing. Switch it oﬀ and sit in the dark and meditate.
I do this in then morning and I do this in the evening.
Start with 15 minutes.
I now do one hour in morning and one hour in evening.
I have seen the results that I now do it in the afternoon too. I silence the sound in
my head. It's not easy to do at ﬁrst but as you get used to meditation you can
switch of the noise in your head for silence.
If there is noise, you can throw the eiﬀel tower in the energy and you won't create
much ripples at all to attract what you want in life. But when the mind is silent,
just one pebble and the ripple eﬀect in your ocean of energy is huge.
I now feel relaxed, happy, my body is loosened and so that helps with the
instruments needed for singing and other creative work I do.
I warm up my vocals after meditation.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Should a girl keep a guy as her best friend if she loves him most
in the world and also want to marry him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“I am confused what to do because I have a feeling that I would never date
someone after him and if he will be my best friend then it is going to be
impossible for me to love someone again.”
I know, you might wants some magic, a trick, something to turn this around.
However, people ask me questions because I am upfront, blunt and I say how it is.
Sometimes saying it how it is - is what most people do not want to hear.
I'm going to be detailed here, so anyone complains it's long, don't have to read the
answer but I have to be detailed to understand what you do not see.
Personally, no one can keep anyone.
Waste of time waiting for someone because you think he's the soul mate.
And it is this I want to go into more detail because I can see from your words, in
the details you got up there (look at comment) that you believe in this myth,
legend, stories about "the soul mate."
This idea you have of love is fear based.
It doesn't come from Self- Power.

Nor does it come from a place of grace.
He is not taking the action and because of this "soul mate" you're going to ﬁnd
yourself stuck waiting for him to change.
You're going to waste time on someone who might not change his feelings for you
in such a way he takes action.
Why?
You're thinking is - no one else like him or better out there. There is nothing after
this. That he is such a good friend, you know him really well and there can't be
anyone like him. You GOT TO HAVE HIM!
You will feel that because you emotionally invested time, emotions, feelings,
thinking, phone calls, texting and on and on it goes.
Like you have invested in some asset.
Like if you don't get something back or him back....you...lose it all!
You have fallen for the trap most women and men fall for.
I want you to see where such thinking comes from and how it causes you
confusion instead of moving forward with the understanding no one completes
you.
Until you see what really caused this confusion and see it for what it is you'll not
move forward. What it is is a....a fantasy. A fantasy that does nothing more but to
rob you of years of living, self loving.
I am not saying your feelings are not real but we have to be mature about this.
You’re squandering your love, time, eﬀort into someone who doesn’t see you in
the way you see them.
The Fallacy Of Soul Mates - The One
Throughout centuries, people look for this “wholeness” and completeness in
someone. They see the other person like some asset and when this asset
dissappears they feel...they’ve lost a big part of their life.
What really happened is they attached who they are, deﬁned who they are onto
someone else - referral objects. When you do that then you will not look deep
within to realise that no one can make you complete.
No one can give you this wholeness.
Only you can by letting go of self referring your -self and deﬁning your -self by
attaching it to external objects like validation and acceptance from someone else.
When you focus on seeking response you don't take actions that are clear. So clear
the other person knows immediately and then you can ﬁnd out YES or NO.
If it's a "NO" you move on fast.
That's self respect.
That's self love.
That's self-power.
But why you can't move forward?
The problem is you can't move fast if you live with ideals that is ﬁlled about soul
mates, the one, and you can't love someone else out there except this person. So
you get stuck. Yes, stuck.

You're stuck waiting for this ONE guy.
Stuck in hope of waiting for him to change and take action.
Hoping he'd say..
"I love you. I want you. Let's date. Let's get to know each other because I love you. I
want you.."
He hasn't said this. He probably said the opposite...
"I want to be alone. I don't want anyone to see me. I just want to be busy blah
blah" (and some negativity...some pity..some whatever.)
If he said that to you, that's a message for you to move on. He has issues. He is
probably checking some other women out. He isn't so into you to take action.
When someone is into someone, they will take action.
Sure, some are shy and all that but seriously, that's not your problem. If you told a
person you're attracted to them and they throw it in your face with insecurity
issues, or busy busy, then move on.
You're young.
You're life span is ticking.
You're going to one day see lines on your face.
You're going to ﬁnd yourself older and not young anymore.
You got a whole life ahead of you and you're going to wait for one guy who doesn't
even acknowledge how you feel about him and move on?
You see, if you self referraling yourself on external objects such as people...you get
attached and you waiting for a response your whole life. You wait on what you
cannot really control.
That's what it's about here...
Control.
But the moment the man, the car, the friends, the house, money leaves you, then
you ﬁnd yourself empty. You ﬁnd yourself lost, distracted and confused.
You ﬁnd yourself...losing control.
That no matter how hard you try, the man you like, want to love cannot be
controlled. The more you try, speak, text, phone - he pushes away.
So where did this belief of yours come from to think the other person, that
one person is your soul mate?
This all comes down to social conditioning.
Social conditioning is a process to train people to behave in a certain way that
is...accepted by society or community you live in.
That this is right and this is wrong.
That this is how it works and not this way.
That some naked guy called a Cupid ﬂies around with an arrow and hits two
people and walla! They become soul mates.
That it happens when we just wait.
That if we are patient it will happen.

That the right...one...will one day come along. If you wait patiently.
Such a process was told repeately by story tellers, transcribes written on scrolls or
paper, minstrels who sing and later in modern times... Education system,
romance novels, poetry, movies, music, mgazines, laws and religion.
The stories that continue to project the theory of soul mate at an unconscious
level through using very powerful tools like.....myths, legends, fairy tales,
romantic ideas about the soul mate.
Social conditioning also impacts other areas of your life:
Love and Relationship - That there is only one kind of relationship that “normal
people do.”That there is no such thing as Non-Monagmous.
Dating - That you don’t approach women in street. That ALL women don’t like
that. That you don’t kiss on ﬁrst date, don’t make sex on ﬁrst date or even for a
month because nice girls, good boys don’t do that. Only sluts, whores, too easy
and players do that. That you should play hard to get and if a man is patient he
shows he’s serious about you. Not really. Men today have choices more than they
ever had. If a man is conﬁdent, he won’t be waiting but he’ll move on.
Health - being obsessed about the outer of our physical bodies and appearance
than the balance with our mindset and inner health. It can lead to take dangerous
risks like pills, extreme diets and steroids.
Money - which focuses a lot on spending, consumerism and a person can buy
stuﬀ that is out of their means to be validated, accepted, liked, loved and to ﬁt in.
Chasing the material to such a level it destroys their ﬁnancial life, career and even
their own sanity.
Career- most do jobs that makes them look good, to be accepted, instead of
entering a profession they feel they are really good at. Bringing them in a mid-life
crisis, exhausted to keep up the self image even if it bankcrupts them mentally,
socially and emotionally. Their life becomes so busy, chaotic that they are so tired
to even be in a relationship. Loneliness consumes them and a life of never-ending
sadness until they wake up.
Some never do.
It can lead tobeing lonely with having lots of friends because it was all about self
image, following the norm, wanting to be rewarding with acceptance, liked and to
ﬁt in.
Process Of Social Conditioning
The social conditioning doesn’t stop when someone becomes of a certain age.
Rather it continues through the entire life of our lives. It continues and repeated
through the mediums repeatedly.
The process starts as a child and lead by peers such as parents, teachers, the
education system, TV, Magazine, books, people within one’s own community and
throughout other communities.
It is addictive because the process also has rewards that creates a craving to seek
response...
That if you behave in this way you will get rewarded with people liking you,
accepting you, approving of you, letting you ﬁt it and even loving you. You'll get
promoted. You'll make more money. You'll ﬁnd happiness rather than pain.
If you continue to wait for this ONE person, he will one day change, love you like
you wanted him to and you have your picket white fence, house, marriage and all
the rest we see in romantic stories of the...soul mate.

If you don’t follow the behavior of the social norms then you lose out, you miss
out and even punished, ridiculed, ostracised, judged and labelled.
You will lose that one guy.
The process is likeness to rats being experimented in labs.
If they choose the path that has no reward then they stay hungry. However, they
learn through repeated process and seeing other rats getting rewarded that if they
want the same reward then follow this one path.
The rats change their habits and follow the path that has the reward. If they don’t
then they lose out and don’t get the food.
The repetition plays a major role because the same message is repeated over and
over again through a a long period of time.
That’s the same with the message about - the soul mate.
Therefore, when you come from a community, with cultural stories of the one,
the soul mate, and society follow it too - you believe it to be true. You’re
perception and reality is skewed.
You accept it because you want to believe.
You want to believe he...is...the one.
You want to believe it to such a level that even if he does not respond with love,
with dating you, with loving you....you STILL wait.
You got to believe that one day he will feel the same and show it.
I mean, mostly everyone you know believes it - so it must be right. It must be
right because lots of movies is about the soul mate, the one. That there are books
about it and romance novels, so it must be true.
That someone you know and many others have said...
“Oh I found my soul mate.”
People love to believe it happened like the movies or romance novels.
Well, tell a lie again and again, through centuries and you will ﬁnd most people
will believe it to be true. Tell a lie to yourself often enough and you will believe it
to be so. You will continue to wait....wait....wait...
And rationalise it is because of this and that, and this and when he is READY then
he might give you the love you always wanted.
That you ﬁnd completeness in someone else.
You ﬁnd wholeness in someone else.
When really you should very well run far away, your legs can carry you if the
person doesn't feel the same way as you do because you will be drowned in a pit
of sorrow, fear and misery.
You will ﬁnd yourself confused.
Instead, you will keep doing what you...was...trained....to...do!
You will conmtinue to believe he is the one.
You will continue to believe he is your soul mate because he was such a good
friend. You have talked for hours on end.
You have communicated, got to know each other etc..

"We have so much in common" bleh.
You will continue to believe that you cannot love someone else like you loved
him. You will never really love again.
You will not ﬁnd another man in the future.
Self Power by Adam Taha
Ooh why such calamity has befallen me?
I was intoxicated by myths, legends and fantasies
I have fallen from grace to cause my SELF misery
Believing completenness comes from somebody
The wholness comes without me
I could not experience my true being
By object self referring and believing;
That I am of whatever I am attaching myself to
Always externally self referring, I did so with you
My friends! Detache from this illusion
We have been tricked and socially conditioned
Instead self refer and you will experience your true being
You will be free from myths, legends and it’s seduction
Self referring has respect for all people
And you'll feel beneath no one
No more do you forsake your SELF to be loved by someone
SELF-POWER is therefore true power
Gone is the fallacy of soul mates and the one
SELF - POWER is freedom
People do many things to seek a response and rationalise they do so because they
love the person. They do it to seek response. A social mask, a self image and it is
fear based.
Hoping...yes...hoping to be accepted, validated, liked, loved, approved by society,
by peers, by that one person who doesn't recipocrate in the way you want them
to.
That our spirituality, our life, our happiness is attached to object referal which is
suppose to complete us.
The fear is that he is the one and you lose him, when really he can disappear.
Suddenly you to feel empty and confused. You live in regret of the Past and fear
the Future.....to lose the every growing beauty of the Present.
You cannot keep anyone.
You cannot keep a man or a woman.
You can only SELF LOVE ﬁrst.
Self love doesn't want you to give love to any man or woman who does not
recipocrate love back.
Self power doesn't believe there is no one else you can love in the world.
Self love believes you come from grace and in which you are a human being who
can bond with so many people and love many if you desire it so.
It doesn't believe one person...completes you.
It doesn't believe that there is no one else out there in the world you can love.

Self love embraces the wisdom that you are the wholeness. You are the tiger, the
lion, the king, the queen, the leader of your own life and you..complete you!
The Myth Love Conquers All - So Wait!
You see such story with the a Cupid holding an arrow and that love is enough.
That love will conquer all which is absurd because it needs much more. It needs
the other person to feel that same desire with you.
It sometimes needs compromises.
It needs courage. It needs understanding and communication. It needs two
people to meet half way. It needs clarity. It needs both to be direct with each
other. It truly does needs two people to work together.
What it doesn’t need is putting someone on a pedestal, thinking they are THE
ONE Because that blinds you. That you and you only must try while the other
person doesn't try at all.
It leads you to get walked all over.
It gets you to be blinded and you won't be able to see the red the red ﬂags.
It leads you to waste so much time and leads to greater pain you could have
avoided.
It gets you to continue to make you oblivious to see rationality on how investing
time, emotions and thinking on someone who doesn’t feel the same way as you
do is a waste of time.
It’s immature.
But we know why legends, myths, fantasies work.
Hope.
The reality is this - where you’re coming from is not power based. You’re coming
from ego. It is false power. False power is when you attach yourself onto other
people and objects.
It only lasts....as long as the person exist in your life. It only lasts when these
materials stay in your life.
But the moment that person leaves, the name on the job leave, your position as
CEO leaves, the girlfriend leaves, the boyfriend leaves, the friend leaves, the
money leaves, the youthful look leaves....you LOSE THE POWER!
Self Power is not termporary. It is permanent. It is based on your self awareness
and the knowledge about your - SELF.
It attracts and draw people to you.
It opens doors to you. It brings opportunities to you because of...you. Not the
other way round. It does so because of the knowledge you have of your -self. It
inspires, it attracts, it magniﬁes, magnetizes environments you’re in, people
you’re with and new people too.
All of which is like a ﬂowing energy that supports all your hearts desires.
When you fall for the illusion of “soul mate” and “the one” you fall from grace. So
you become blind, bitter, lonely, playing a role...of victim and the man who wants
to love you and who is in the midst of the crowds of people you bond with in the
future.....cannot be seen by you.
Instead you will even play tricks on him and hurt such a man due to bitterness,
pain, lonliness and probably to get some revenge. Some people do that and even

do so for nothing more than to feel power to pat their ego.
All because the illusion, the trick, the deception, the myths, legends and fantasies
about the soul mates.....disrupts you to make bonds with other men.
You’re so consumed in this myth that you will waste years on someone else
because you think they complete you. Probably stay in a relationship that is only
about take..take...take and you just give...give..give.
Fearful that if you leave.....there is no one else who will love you. That this is the
best it can ever be for you.
That there must be, has to be, got to be a future with this one person. That he will
one day change and that there MUST BE a reason you cannot see or he hasn't
said.
You will continue to live in the past and lose the future.
And say these things here...
It meant to happen
There is a connection
It happened like...we clicked
They are are real but only if the other person feels the same way, is connected
with you in a deep way as I am with women I date, love, admire, respect and
appreciate the love they give me.
You're stuck.
Get unstuck by not putting him on a pedestal and move on.
Or wait....wait....wait....and hope he will change.
If he doesn't change then do not project your pain that all men are the same. You
have a choice. Come from grace. Move on
6 Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to buy something so expensive?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think you feel guilty because it's your parents money and not really yours which
you have earned. Don't worry about friends. First, know what a friend is for
starters and don't make friends to supplicate, validation, to be accepted and to ﬁt
in. Choose your friends wisely.
Also don't take insecure people shoppoing with you or tell them what you're
buying. What for? To impress?
If you're making friends to look cool or think making friends is not going to make
you lonely - it will if you make friends with people for ego, for self image, wearing
social mask to seek a response to be liked, validated and accepted.
Now, if you want to not feel guilty, ﬁnd a part time job, for yourself, good
experience and one day buy something for your parents that way. You'll feel
proud of yourself and you earnd that money, and your parents know you did.
You'll feel wonderful. It will put a smile on your face and feel good inside.
But personally, it's no one's god damn business what you spend your money on.
Just do yourself a favour. Don't tell people what you do with money, don't take
people to buy expensive stuﬀ especially if they insecure, jelous, not well oﬀ
themselves and have this immature attitude on how someone spends tons of
money on a bag.

This is in a sense feedback of how the real world ﬁlled with people who are
insecure will start labelling you and judging you because it's not the "norm" to do
that. It's a lesson in life of what to come if you seek validating, acceptance, and
spending money by taking friends or telling them what you spend money on.
Especially friends who don't really support you and don't give a fuck about you.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

For women: Please think of the best lover you ever had. What
are the speciﬁc traits that made him (or her) the best lover you
ever had?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best sex were of women I met furst time, dated fast and on ﬁrst or second
date we had sex. Some though long distance but won't meet till much later but
were open and traites below when we did meet.
Long distance just had challenges of communication but I'm cool with that and
I'm patient anyway.
The traites:
They had no shame about sex, sexuality, body.
They didn't fall for the invention of shame and modesty
They didn't act like victims and projecting past negative relationship
experiences on me.
They didn't playing hard and conﬁdent to ﬂow with it
When we wanted each other...we said so and we had sex
Some were inexperienced
Some were very experienced
Went above and beyond pleasuring their lover
They were the best lovers and I am still dating them too. Amazing women, bright,
intelligent, highly sexual, romantics too and fun to be with.
5k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys really think about inexperienced women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not a problem. For me personally that is as a man. Every man is diﬀerent but for
me, it's not a problem.
It doesn't deﬁne her in anyway.
It just means we have fun to learn together, explore and just go for it. That's how I
see it and don't see it as anything to be scared about.
It also doesn't mean she's a nice girl or bad girl.
It just means she's someone who hasn't spent time in dating guys. Maybe she
didn't want to. Maybe she wanted to focus on her studies. Maybe she didn't know
how to. Maybe many things.
I'm not going to assume anything.
If she's willing to be with the guy, she's open, she's transparent and she willing to
ﬂow with it - and the guy too is open, transparent and willing to ﬂow with
it...without any judgement then awesome.

But I don't see inexperience as a big deal.
However, maybe other men will see it diﬀerent. I'm just saying what I think
personally.
6k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a quiet college girl. Why did this one girl whisper "no one
likes you" to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It's called....
"this girl is going to take attention from me. She has what I feel I haven't got. So
because I feel insecure, I will make her feel shit too. That way I don't feel shit on
my own"
Or..
"She is quiet so this means she is weak. Yeah. I got someone I can control, make
her feel like I am overpowering her. Yes. Such an easy prey for me,"
OR...
You did something, said something, she didn't like and well, she bit back.
Whatever it is, it's her own insecurities.
It can be any of these or something else - but it all boils down to her own
insecurities. Her fears going on autopilot.
26 Views · View Upvoters

What does it feel like to think you are going to die?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You get used to it. Yes, I did say - get use to it. Especially when it's in your face,
not once, not twice, not three times but...everyday until you ﬁnd a way out.
This is me as a child with my mum.

I want you to imagine, being born in a country torn by war, poverty, tribes kicking
oﬀ, bullets can easily whooooooooosh...and your'e next...
Picture this ﬁrst in your mind and you being born in that shit hole..I was born,
and I grew, and before I even got to know my parents they did what thousands of
yemeni's did. Immigrated in the 1970s to diﬀerent parts of the world. Some of the
children couldn't go and some could.
Some were born in those countries.
But those who weren't, were left hostage in Yemen and I was one of them.
So, I am now seriously screwed. Young kid, walking about, no education, food
had to be fought and found some how. Death in my face everyday. Selling sweets.
Selling stuﬀ I steal. Hustling. Learning how to inﬂuence, motivate every god
damn person I saw. Doing what I got to do.
You go there even now you see young children working the streets selling,
working with adults as mechanics, no safety, nothing. No one gives a shit.
I didn't know if I got a meal or some bullet is going to hit my head, or some tribes
man goes nuts and bang bang bang. Or I am seen as part of a tribe or a group, "you

south or north?"
And you like..
"Ok which do I answer. Either way I could get shot in head."
Then there's rapists, pedephiles, murderars and you can be next because they are
like shadows in the streets and I am working it from early morning until late
night.
Then there's the coppers, police who think they gods and when they see you
hanging about, they dont' think "aye, this kids need to make a living or he dies."
Nah. They come at you like they own the street with sticks, and these sticks if hit
on your head, you probably hit the ﬂoor fast.
Then you are minding your own business and suddenly on one side is a march
and other side is a march and you're stuck in the middle of it all. You don't give a
damn about revolution, politics, who wins and who loses. You don't give a damn
about presidents and who says what.
You just want to be left alone and get some bread, some food, something.
So imagine, everyday this is your life.
Death becomes just part of it all. Death becomes like a god damn hope. Like it be
freedom. Like it's no problem because you're living and you think..
"Yeah whatever Death. I'm already fucking dead anyway. Stop boring me."
That's what happens.
You get used to it. You don't even wonder about it. You become numb. You can't
even think about it because you got to survive. You're so tired, you don't have
time to think about dying.
But I got older, and parents years later bought my ticket, and I left to England.
The ﬂip side is, I don't fear what most fear where I am at.
You know, rejections, woman likes you, don't like you, company says no to giving
you a job, or friends says this and friends says that.
I became this guy who was like..
"Meh. Whatever. Next."
And I discovered the wonderful thing about "Meh. Whatever. Next.."
You move faster, do more, than most will because they're thinking..
"But if I......then....rejection...then...this and that...and this and that."
Over thinking.
When you feel you're going to die - you can't aﬀord to think all these things. What
if someone don't like you. What if someone says no. What if someone does this.
What if...she says that.
That's what it felt like.
You....get used to it. It's not a big deal anymore.
When it happens, well, it happens.
But one thing I can also say. I am so grateful what I have today. I really mean that.
Everyday now, I am grateful and I do appreciate how England gave me

opportunities, education and I work all I can to pay back to not just my
community I came from but everyone I meet along the way.
Even a no doesn't bother me. How can it?!
I'm in England, london and I'm seeing all this, life, buzzing and opporunities
everywhere for whoever wants to ﬁgure it out. So no for me means..."ok. Next."
I can write, read, speak English ﬂuent. I can recite shakespeare by heart. I can
turn the tap and water ﬂows! You believe that shit! WATER FLOWING from tap
and I don't have to walk miles and drink water that makes you sick.
I can design, I can paint, I can do anything I desire to do and become. No one
gives it to me but I can go and do it. I can learn and I wish I can live longer
because I can't learn everything.
I once walked in a library before the internet. The ﬁrst time in my life and I'm
staring at all those books and tears in my eyes, wondering...
"I hit gold! Books everywhere and on everything."
I read mythology, from greek to many others. I know the stories of each Greek
Gods and other gods. I can ﬂip them into archetypes for modern world. All this
under our noses. Right there and I got access to it.
And now the internet!!!
Knowledge everywhere and I can connect with someone in minutes, send a
message in seconds, upload images, change someone's life...with just a few words
or a lot of words. I hit gold!
Everyday I am happy. Everyday I am grateful and everyday I wish I could do so
much more for people around me, with the limited time and resources I have.
Not for anything else, but to say I am happy. I just want you to feel it too. That's
all. I just want you to see with my eyes how you got more than you think and how
I feel about it. Alive. Awesome. Free.
I am grateful for books I bought from world, from USA and England, from
diﬀerent authors and artists, the good and the bad.
I appreciate it all and I do realise, that I am fortunate, one lucky man, to be in
England and around amazing people. I learn everyday about new things and I
want to share what I learn to someone new.
So that is the other side of it too. The positive side of it.
It made me grateful for whatever I got, small or large, and even if I wasn't in a job.
at times or I got hit by hard time in past....I still felt like a lucky man, with
chances to keep ﬁnding a way. I still wanted to help whoever I met.
I still wanted to smile and knew, I don't need money to make someone else feel
good. So I am very grateful, appreciative to what England, it's people and people
around the world. Even using social media is amazing. Never gets boring. Always
grateful and amazed how I still get more.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like to be approached in the street?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I do it all the time mate. All the time and it is why I am dating women. The great
thing is this..
The women who say no in street, bye, bye.

The women who says, "yes, hello" we talk.
You cannot ask women and expect one answer,. Yes...No because all women are
diﬀerent. All women have their own way of living, value system, belief,
perception, insecurities.
All women are not the same.
So as an example, you think I'll take this as for all women when one woman says,
or four, or even 100 or 5,000 women say...
"No, DON'T DO IT because...."
The planet is full of women and I have approached many, and many smiled, said
hello, talked, and walked, and met, dated. Some relationship went for over 15
years.
It's a fallacy ind ating when you hear..
"No, don't do this."
Why? Because yous ay so? And you and yuou?
I'll ﬁnd out myself and I do. I ﬁnd much of the no's from what we learn from is a
common fallacy in dating. Of course you will generalised answers on many things
on dating.
Like..
"Do women like short me?"
"Do guys like tall me?"
The question you ask is the same. Some women will love it and some won't.
Those that don't doesn't mean your world will end and nor does it mean you get
so dissappointed about it.
But what you do ask..
"Ok. what's the way I want to do it. What's comfortable for me, my personality,
how I want to do it,."
Then you go and be good at the way you want to because it is your onw element.
Guess what?
You're going to ﬁnd women even in social circle, close, saying..
"No, don't."
"Yes, do."
"No, don't/"
"Yes, do."
Who you're going to listen to?
You're going to listen to experience. You're experience and experience of others
who have done it and living good with women they met in social circle, or in
street or in cafe. Whatever approach you want to do, that you feel is you...go and
do it.
You see what I mean mate?
You cannot ask people such questions on here or anywhere.

It's generalising. Chumps ask this question. Typical guys ask this question
because they fear rejection. They fear approching women, wanting everything to
be perfect before they take action.
How many time times (and guys do share) we asked women on a date, and they
were like..
Her - No, I got a boyfriend
Me - Ok. Thanks for being honest
Her - WTF? He didn't even try again?
Me - What are you on about? I asked you and you said you got a boyfriend?
It happens happens.
Now does this mean ALL WOMEN do it?
Do we now say, "Ooooh, all women, they bloody manipulating, game playing,
attention seeking blah blah?"
Of course not. It's dumb. It's generalising.
Some men do it too! Some men play the dumb hard to get and then wonder why
she got bored. Some men wait for a week to call and sone don't because they're
terriﬁed it might oﬀend her. Bleh.
Cold approaches work. I got friends, plenty of them who approached women in
street and dating. I have friends who have young lads who approached girls in
street and they are dating these girls.
I have friends who approached women in street and they are married and have
been for years. Some over 10 years. I have friends who approached in cafes,
supermauls and just walking and said hello.
They are dating and have been for years.
I have friends who approached women in their social circle and they are dating.
It's not what I advise but hey, if that's you, go for it. Just not for me.
Now if you don't like doing cold approaches in street, ok. Find a diﬀerent way. It's
not going to stop your fear of rejection. It will still be there.
You will meet girls who will rejection you.
You will meet some will tell you to fuck oﬀ.
You will meet some who will act their heads up their ass
You'll meet some who will say, "You men all think about sex."#
Some will even think you're weird. So what?
But you will also ﬁnd some who will smile.
Some will talk, caring, compassionate, ﬁne about it.
Some will welcome a guy with balls and charm
Some will want to know more about you
Some who will say yes give their number
Some who will answer and go on a date.
You decide whether you do cold approach in street or social circle, or night clubs,
etc. They all work for the guy who knows how. Who learns and ﬁgures it out.

You decide where what's best for you. But don't let anyone tell you women, girls
don't like to be approached in street. Or don't like to be approached in parties etc.
They dont't talk for ALL girls and women.
Like men don't talk for ALL men.
I am dating women, have dated many and I have approached them in the street.
My teenage dating was approaching girls at supermarkets and in street.
Thats when we had BALLS mate. Balls and we sitll have today and approaching
women, some will say "no" AND some will say "fuck yeah!"
So when any woman or man says , "NO" they are not speaking for every woman
and woman. They are not speaking for women I am dating. She isn't speaking for
ANY women I've dating. She isn't speaking for my four sisters.
Same with guys. They are not dpeaking for men who are dating women I know,
who met guys in streets, cages, library, supermarket and night clubs, and college
even, university.
They are not speaking for my broth, some of my friends.
People speak for themselves.
You got to be smart.
Yes, SOME women like a guy with balls, conﬁdence, to approach them in the
street. I bloody did that when I was teen and it's how I dated, and how I date
today.
And some women...don't.
Watch your perception.
It can be inﬂuenced and when it is, so is your reality. Don't seek validation,
acceptance, to be liked and response. That is why you fear rejection. Putting
women on a pedestal.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

I have a great body, a decent face, passion, ambition, and a
positive personality. I’ve worked hard for these traits, but I
can’t get a girlfriend. I should add that I’m humble, but I’ve no
idea how to have a genuine conversation on meeting someone.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because..
Having desired traite doesn't entitle you to date a woman
Having a great body doesn't entitle you to date a woman
Having a decent face doesn't entitle you to date a woman
Having a positive personality doesn't entitle you to date a woman
In fact all these mean nothing all to a woman. Yes, I do mean fuck all, nothing,
ziltch, zero, nothing UNTIL...
You know how to make her FEEL.
And you cannot make her feel alive, connect at a deep emotional level if all you
think is all these entitles you to attract and date a woman.
Now what I am saying will sound harsh but see it as I am passionate when I
answer. I really am smiling when I write. I enjoy sharing, trying my best to help

you see what I learnt, the mistakes I made years ago, so it enriches your life and
the women you want to date.
All these you mentioned doesn't mean anything until you make a woman feel.
You're looks might be awesome and it may get attention but the moment you
make the move, approach...it is all downhill.
And if you don't take action, don't approach, fear rejection...it's even...worse!
You see....
I can go down the supermarket and I know a guy there, and he by the way to
society standards, hasn't a decent face, has't some hot shot job, hasn't some
decent great body but I tell you, he'll run circles around men when it comes to
women.
Women go for this guy and other guys don't know why.
Yes the same guys who nbitch, complain about bad boys and think being nice is
soime entitlement for woman to be attracted to them, date them, open their legs
and so on.
He attracts women, he dates diﬀerent women and here's why...
He makes them feel alive.
They are human beings like you and me. They have dreams, goals, aspirations.
They have fantasies. They have their fears and insecurities. And they also want to
feel a connection with the guy who approaches and talks with them, or socialises.
You know how so many guys who bitch about bad boys blah blah
waaaah...waahaaa.
Because these guys know how to make a woman feel. They just do. They get it.
The so called nice guy doesn't get it. That "good boy" doesn't bloody get it. That "I
got the degrees, the physique and face, and yet.." doesn't get it.
Women will tell you, women...that they went with guys and compelled inside of
them to open up with such guys, date, fuck, and all sorts to later think..
"what the hell did I do that for?"
They were even wondering "how come?"
It's because the guy made them feel what other men just couldn't. People yearn
for a connection. People want someone to get them.
These guys get it.
I bloody get it. It took sometime but I get it. I understand it and no one can
bullshit me about it either when it happens again, and again, and it deﬁes all
logic, and it deﬁes all what society tries to tell us why it doesn't happen this way.
He ﬁgured it out and he's happy. He doesn't want tons of noney, and all that. He
doesn't give a damn about social status, looking hot. He knows how to talk to
women. He knows how to capture their emotions and lead their imagination to
make the women go "WOW. Holy shit. He made me FEEL like this and that, and
this."
Like a drug, addicted because wherever these women go, guys just cannot
connect with them. They just all about themselves. All about..
"I got the look, 3 degrees, a decent body, I am NICE, so NICE, my mum loves me
and I open doors for women. Ooh and I got a great positive personality.."

It's not about her. He feelings. He imagination. He aspirations. Her desires. Her
fears. her life. Her yearning. ABOUT HER. The woman.
It's always about the damn guy.
When I am talking with a woman, here's what I think.
I'm don't gibe a shit, I mean it, a damn about impressing her. I don't eben take her
to a resturant and think about what most typical chumps think about...
"Where do I take her on a date to impress her?"
"How do I know when to kiss her?"
"How do I know when to tell her this and that?"
Notice these questions?
It's all about ME...ME..I..I.
It's not about "how do I make her feel alive? How do I connect with her so we can
click, so we can talk, so we enjoy each other's company, and make her feel
wonderful"
No, not impressing her. Not putting her on a pedesta.
Making her feel a connection. That we listened. That we ask questions most men
dare not ask because their loss. To be bold, daring, to stare in her eyes like ﬁre
blazing and she sees we get it. She FEELS we get it now. She KNOWS...
"This guy. right hete. THIS GUY...He GETS ME! He does!"
And do you know how you know she feels this.
You won't need to ask for a fucking damn kiss. She will kiss. She will feel..
"To hell with these gfames. I feel this. He lets me be whatever I want to be and I
know I won't regret, feel guilty and judged..."
BAAAAAAAAAAM!
You just talk and she's tremoring inside because you get her. She's not tremoring
because she's scared or fragile. It's because for the ﬁrst time, in a long time, this
guy connects with her.
The key is....capture her emotions, lead her imagination.
Four words..
Get her to talk.
And I don't mean any talk. I mean the talk igites her imagination, makes her feel
alive, excited. That she thinks..
"This...is what I always wanted to happen when I date. Bloody hell., Where has
this man been hiding?"
And when you are with her, you will feel the same about her too.
CLICK.
The magic has happened.
And you know, and she knows. You just know, you both...clicked.
That's why we say..
"It's like it was meant to happen."

It feels like that. That's why.
It...FEELS.
We have become so dumb down we forget that it's not what we say, but how we
make the other person feels.
If we can for just a moment take our eyes oﬀ ourselves, and the stuﬀ we get shived
with every day in cover of magazines, TVs, movies, focus our attention on what is
real....feelings...we begin to learn what it means to...connect.
Connecting at a deep emotional level.
I promise you. If you learn to do that and woman feels alive, you will not only
enriched her mind, her state of mind, her whole perspective of the world and how
she sees men.....but you will have enriched your life too.
You will have learnt there is no secret.
There is only the lessons we forgot to learn because we so focused on imppressing
others with our looks, clothes, degrees that when we open our mouths, it is a
language that does not connect.
It dulls it all.
It is like you can only see the dark sky, but if you can look closer, if you can have
the tools to just look cloers, the tools inside of you.....you will see a universe,
galaxies, stars being born, and you're letting her...see all this are already...in her
mind.
How do you think she feels when she walks home and when you did that?
While majority of guys thinking about their looks, face, and clothes, personality
blah blah?
She won't see them.
They will fade away.
You won't need to worry if she will call, text and all that. Her imagination has
been lit up. As...yours have with her connection with you.
So it's nont just some men fucking up. It's also some women too.
Learn how to make a woman feel.
Get her talking because if you don't, nothing you have, done, achieved, got will
really matter UNTIL you know how to make her feel alive.
These things only matter for women looking assets, social value assets not
connection. So it's best you don't even speak of such things and really connect
with her at a level in which she feels.
;)
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend spit in my face last night and said I would never
ﬁnd a more loyal man, what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

RUN. RUN AS FAST your legs can carry you.
Man, that is so wrong at so many levels. Run. I mean it. Do it now. Next it be a
slap, a punch and more.

You already know this. Deep down you know. You really do.
Look. I know you may think there is nothing better out there for you. That the
unknown is some scarey shit place but believe me when I say this....where this is
leading to is deadly, scariar and way more painful you can ever imagine.
I've seen women who stayed and man, did it get worse. They just won't walk away
and there was nothing one can do. They just kept going back to these guys, back
and back and back.
Run. Walk away. Leave right now and don't look back.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever felt that a partner, boyfriend, girlfriend,
husband, was too good for you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No BUT...I have had women felt I was too good for them. Not bragging here. What
I mean is it's - their own insecurities, their perception kicking oﬀ in their head.
You ﬁnd you be honest, you communicate, all is going great and BAM!, They
disappear. Or they go all self sabotaging. You don't know what happened. All was
going great. Everything was awesome.
You're like "what happened? What on earth happened?"
You're confused. You thought all was well. You thought it was going great.
Fantastic. Like it you both clicked.
But then...BAAAAAAAAM! It goes all downhill.
They start doubting, start wondering about how too good it is and all sort.
I've seen it so many times mate, you won't believe. I have come to realise it has
got nothing to do with me at all.
It is the other person, the women I talk with, women I communicate who have a
lack of self esteem, lack of belief in themselves and there is nothing else I can do.
If someone cannot see me, if they cannot see you, if they want to make excuses
that you're too good and all that - it's them not you.
It's their own fears, own insecurities, own fears that's self sabotaging.
So if you feel this about someone else, that's your insecurities. That's your
perception and has got nothing to do with anyone being out of your league. It's
you getting in the way of what you want.
Making "they too good" as a bullshit excuse.
It's you are afraid to be loved. Afraid to let go and love someone else. Afraid
because you're wearing this social mask, ego for seeking validation, acceptance,
liked to be loved, when really, it's not about that.
It's about focusing on the person in front of you and give. It's about letting go and
giuve to the person because if you keep doing that, you push the people you want
away. Suddenly, this becomes a pattern.
Yes, it becomes a habit.
You're unconscious mind sees you do this again and again, and now you got some
pattern hidden deep down inside your mind, and being, and you don't even
realise it. You think it's because the other person is too good but really, what we
ﬁnd is we're afraid. We're living in fear.

We are afraid of getting hurt.
Afraid to love.
Afraid to give a part of ourselves.
Afraid for the person to look deep inside ourselves.
The amount of fucking times, I have wanted to give my love to a woman, the
amount of god damn times I wanted to make her feel alive, then amount of times
I wanted to really give, and then...to ﬁnd the other person throws it on my face,
seeing them self sabotage and I have seen this partern often - I just let go.
I just walk away. I know where it will lead to. I've been there so many times and I
don't want to feel shit again. I don't want to be there hearing the person doubting
us, and on and on and on.
Because it is exhuasting, emotionally draining to communicate and try to
connect with the other person is self sabotaging, still doubting. They are not
giving value. They are not connecting. They are being like a victim.
It's not great to give to someone, love someone who keeps belittling themselves.
No one wants to be part of that pity party. No one wants to babysit soneone they
want to date, be intimate with. No one wants to be a mother or a daddy for their
lover.
I know I don't.
So when it gets like that, well, I move on.
I am right now having a great time. Life is good. Dating women who are not
scared to be open and don't get scared when I get open or sexual, they go all
bloody silent. I know why most do it. They are scated, hard to believe, it's too
good to happen. No. just scared and repeating that same pattern over and over
again.
But now, because of this attitude of moving on faster, give only to who open,
meets me half way, doesn't dissapear and then wonders why I get cold... I ﬁnd I
meet very conﬁdent women sooner.
It's a great joy to talk with them, be with them, and to also see someone else is
conﬁdent more than me. I love that. really do.
If you see someone or you know someone who thinks their lover, partner etc, is
out of their league, is too good for them - that's the social mask they are wearing.
That's their own fears, own lack of self esteem and insecurities.
You can't really love someone else if you can't even love yourself. How can you
ever recognise love if you cannot even love yourself?
That's why it's diﬃcult when someone comes into your life, appears from
nowhere, you click but you suddenly start to feel scared, that....you might lose
them to someone else. Scared they might see you for who you are and leave.
Scared to let go and just embrace the journey that has come.
Scared that you are not tough as you think and that tough layer is a show for the
world, the social mask that hides who you really are. Vulnerable like all of us. Can
get hurt like all of us. Scared like most of us.
It's very diﬃcult if one doesn't know how to love themselves.
It's also tiring, exhuasting and draining for the other
partnert/lover/girlfriend/boyfriend.
I know I cannot be with someone who does that. It's too emotionally draining.

1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Men: If a single woman asks you for an extra marital aﬀair,
would you go for it? Without breaking up your current
relationship ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. Won't work for me because I believe, in being honest, upfront and being
transparent with myself and people. If that means women walk, reject, tell me to
fuck oﬀ, bye, bye, ﬁne.
It took me years becoming who I am today. The work I had to do to be at a place in
my mind and life took a lot. Years of developing myself as a man. Years of
stripping all the billshit social conditioning, labels, insecurities and not once
have I cheated.
So years of hard work, honesty, saying what I mean, even on social media,
wherever I go. If I do that, step over that line - I can never, ever, go back to be that
man again. I can never go back to be that man again!
Nothing can do it.
I can't reboot. I'm not a robot. I'm not a machine. I'm not some computer. I'm a
human being withn memories, live and breathing. I will kmow. Everydauy I look
in that mirror, I will know I have cheated on myself and I have hurt others.
There is nothing on this earth, not money, not gold, not fame, popularity, will get
me to go and cheat. IU have been there, I have been tested, I have been measured
in life and I owned that day which has made me proud to be the man I am right
now.
Contrary to what romance novels, movies, and whatever society says - there are
people on this planet, men and women, who have honour.
YES! This word does still exist.
Honour.
They will hold on to their honour like it was dark burning coal etching into their
hands, while holding it tight. Like the whole damn world is trying to rip it out of
them but they will tighten, they will stand their ground and they will have
honour not to cheat because when they do....they can never go back to the person
they were.
That's what my friends know 100% about me. That's what women know 100%
about me. That's what Men will know 100% about. That I won't cross that line no
matter what.
I may not achieve great things in life.
I may not be a billionnaire in this life time.
I may not be known for great inventions and designs.
I may not achieve the dreams my parents wanted me to do and which I didn't
want to do anyway.
But I know, this is one thing the world cannot take from me.
Not once in my life did I cheat even when all opportunities served it's way in front
of my eyes and in ways it was so easy to do. I can't do it to myself and I cannot live
hurting someone else either.
I just can't, no matter of any satisfaction or feeling.

I believe in doing it for the feeling but not in the expense of losing my honour and
hurting someone else.
I'm going to die knowing I did this ONE thing right.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl likes to know wherever I am going, does it mean she
loves me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's just her asking where you're going.
When you're close, these don't matter. If one gets all drama about it then they got
their pown problems in their head. I don't get women I date asking where I am
going as much. Very rare.
But if when they do say, I just say "out."
They don't go all suspicious and all that because of it. If they did, it was already in
their mind in ﬁrst place.
I don't think it is a sign of love.
You're looking at things about love in wrong way and you're asking also wrong
questions too. Like some typical guy looking for validation, acceptance, liked, to
be loved.
Right now, you're asking because it's not really there.
Believe me, when someone loves you. you'll know for real. It's not when they ask
you where you're going or when they cause drama because you didn't say.
You just know. The way person behaves with you. You just know.
714 Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁght for my 4 year long distance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you ask someone if you should ﬁght for something, then you are not sure
yourself and want people's approval to support your thoughts.
It's you're relationship, it's your future and it's your decision.
Own your life. Own your decision.
It's immature asking people on whether to decide to ﬁght for a relationship or
not.
1. Decide what it is YOU want.
2. Decide what are your boundaries
3. Be honest with yourself
4. Then decide and be honest with the person
5. And stick at your decision. Not back and forth.
It's about you deciding what you want and acting upon it.
447 Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to lose respect for people who pursue certain career
paths just because it pays well?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers

Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is wrong to look down on anybody anyway. If someone wants to pursue because
it pays well, good on them. That's their goals and what they desire.
If someone wants to do their business for whatever reason, fame, popularity,
money, sex, whatever, that is their desire, goals and needs.
Nothing wrong with money and making it as one's goal.
In society we always want to judge and we do so, becasue we let our mind interfer
how we see people and the world.
How we see other people does not deﬁne them.
It deﬁnes who we are ourselves. It deﬁnes our own own insecurities, fears, value
system, perception and our reality.
It doesn't deﬁne the other person one judges.
It deﬁnes who we are as a person.
416 Views · View Upvoters

I did not escalate with a ﬂirty girl from work and she ended up
with someone else at work. I chose not to get involved, so why
do I regret it now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because probably deep down, you knew you felt fear, you knew you was playing
safe and put her maybe on a pedestal. But also,. maybe, now she is with someone
is...your mind sees her attractive ;)
These are just assumptions by the way, as I don't know you but you did ask, and
so I am answering in best way I can, from perception and life I am living. It can all
be wrong, nothing even close to it.
Whatever it is, do not ponder on it so much.
It's ﬁne. It's natural. It's the way it is mate. Don't be hard on yourself.
Maybe you saved yourself a lot of trouble and no, I don't mean the woman is this
and that. I don't believe in such labels society shove down our throat.
What I mean, it was close to home, you know, your work, the job. There is a
phrase, "don't shit too close to home."
I'm not talking about destiny or fate.
I'm saying. I'm glad you didn't because man, have I seen so many men and
women, get so fucked up emotionally and mentally - some even resign from job
to go and work somewhere else, because of the drama it can bring into work.
Imagine, seeing your ex every damn day where you work.
Sure, it can all turn out ﬁne, but sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes, it's just too
close to work and outside are many women.
So don't be too hard on yourself mate.
Smile. Be happy also for someone ﬁnding some happiness and see if there is a
positive lesson in it to use for life, right now. Life is short mate. Too short to not
move on and approach other women but outside your work.
All the best
852 Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Is pizza for dinner date a bad idea?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not about the venue, the meal, it's about how you make her....feel. How you
captivate her emotions and lead her imagination to get her to...talk. So much so,
when she does, she feels that deep connection with you.
I'm not talking about ﬁnding commonalities like most guys do. That's not what
I'm talking about. I'm talking about her feeling she can be the woman she wants
and is with the guy she is with.
In ﬁrst date, I don't go for no meals, no pizza, no resturant, none of that.
Instead, we go on an adventure, we walk, and we talk to get to know each other.
Then, maybe we go and have something to drink and akwardiness is gone, she
feels like she knew me for years and she can talk...talk....talk..and I will listen and
learn so much about her, that I can expand on what she is saying, and learn more
of who she is.
I don't need to say anything about my income, job, nothing. It's about me getting
her to talk, to feel alive, to make her feel..
"WOW. I feel awesome with this guy. I'm so damn turned on with him."
So ask the right questions.
It's not "where do I take her on a date."
It's not "which places to go."
It's "what can I do to get her to talk, open up, FEEL alive."
When I learnt this and I did by sheer accident years ago I suddenly realised where
many guys go wrong. They make the beginning so dull thinking the date is about
going to a place, and talking about commonalties.
Meh. She can get that from her friends. She can get that from some guy anywhere
in world. She can get that from some pal.
But getting her to FEEL alive, getting her to connect with you at a deeper level
that you don't have to even ask about when to kiss and all that - and for her to go
home and she cannot get you out of her mind.
She is so excited, so alive, feels do damn good that she never felt this with guys
she has dated.
It's not the meal, it's not the venue, it's about higher intelligence....emotions and
imagination = to feel.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible that I am uglier than I see myself because, at 21, I
have never been hit on by a guy, and is there anyone else like me
in this regard?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Actually, no. There is nothing wrong with you. You won't believe how even
women who look average, can be so damn attractive. The thing is they don't even
know how. Honestly, I have met women of average looks and the way they give
you eye contact, and that smile, the way she dresses, her conﬁdence, is
refreshing.
I'd be standing in middle of city, lots of attractive women and then the woman
who thinks she's only average, smiles, gives my eye contact and I'm like..

"Holy shit. Who is she?"
There is nothing wrong with you. There millions of men on this planet. Millions.
Men of diﬀerent taste, like, desire, want. I am not going to lie to you and say, the
one is out there if you wait.
I'm saying learn what you need to..DO in behaviour.
You know, being proactive in your self development, how you project yourself
also out there in world. If you feel down, if you feel you're this and that then these
thoughts will dictate the vibe you give out there, the expression on your face, the
clothes you wear, everything.
Example, there was a mate of mine complaining about his sister. He said she
always complained she's average, no guys want her. I visited them one day and we
got talking and I said..
"OK. Listen. I bet you it's not what you think."
"But no guy approached me."
"Just do what I say for a week."
She did for a week. Became more proactive, dressed with clothes that brought out
her personality. Her brother paid for clothes, got her hair done just...to make he
feel great inside.
It didn't take a week. It took 3 days for her to start dating.
So there isn't anyything wrong with you. It's just you need to step out of the
comfort zone you're in, be proactive with dating. Just be pracive in your life, go
out have fun, meet tons of people, mingle, invest all inside of yourself.
The amount of women that tell me they are average looking and don't see the
"average" look they gave is gorgeous, is beyond me. It's all that TV, magazine
covers, hollywood movies making peopole feel right insecure, and selﬁes on
facbeook LOL, and instagram and you feel "shit is there something wrong with
me."
16.7k Views · View Upvoters

What ﬁres your passion for life? What makes you feel most
alive?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Updated Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have many obessions, but one of them is creating my own stuﬀ that bring
beneﬁt to people. It has to help people but with my knowledge and creative skills.
I combine diﬀerent skills like:
Sketching, Painting, Storytelling/Writing, Graphic Design.
Website Design, Songs/Music, Motion Graphic animation
For examples sketches and illustrations. I use them to combine with my writing
to tell stories to help people in a practical way to solve their problems.
So I sometimes use animals, diﬀerent characters that tell a story of a particular
problems but also, you get to fall in love and connect with characters as they
resemble our traites too.

Sometimes the illustration is a little more graphical (pen and digitally inked) with
human ﬁgure form and landscapes...

Designing, writing and illustrating my books

Writing and desiging my magazine

Designing Websites
I work with talents, graduates, and skilled people who want to attract jobs using
the internet. So I work with them from inception, beginning with their goals help
develop their strategy, marketing plan to design their website in a customized
way. This one is for a product designer.
She can they got to focus on is adding content, marketing...and results or they
won't even get to this stage. Too much work for one person:

And because I want community to beneﬁt I take all knowledge, how it was done
from scratch i.e. the identifying the market as well as the product designers
needs, all the design of the pages and why, who built it and the results she got..
This is an example on how inside book will look like. So I use software skills like
Indesign, Photoshop and Copywriting...

Video Motion Graphic
To animate my illustrations, to tell a story or to animate my magazine inside as it
opens the pages with music...

Designing for songs I'm writing/producing

Designing for my digital products

And now I'm working on my website to bring it all together which won't just be
about generating diverse income for me but beneﬁting community too to see how
the work evolves. Plus case studies of clients I have helped over the years.
As you can see, I have diﬀerent creative skills and I'm excited about where it's all
leading to. Being able to use my own skills to create my own stuﬀ and build an
audience around it all to help people.
So what makes me feel alive is helping people using my creative skills and
knowledge. Being able to bring it all together as one for beneﬁt of community I'll
be building it all for :D
My belief and message..... "Do it for the feeling."
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

I really like this guy but I am terriﬁed of being in a relationship.
What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Relationship?
Man, you really loaded up this with a MASSIVE picture What if it gets serious?
What if we start moving in same ﬂat together? What if..

Relax.
Relationships take work.
Dating is about ﬁrst ﬁnding out if your infatuation is correct by approaching him,
ﬂirt, converse - see of he is a guy you want to date. Then dating him without
getting all so serious about relationship.
He may not want a relationship. He maybe a guy like me, who dates other women
and is non-monagmous. Maybe he only wants to meet once a week or twice a
week than get so serious.
Maybe he doesn't want to date you and says, 'nah.'
So you're getting worried due to your own insecurities when nothing has really
happened yet. One step at a time. We know women have all these stuﬀ running in
their head to self sabotage. A million thoughts with block buster movie showing
everything.
Relax. One step at a time.
7 Views · View Upvoters

Where should I go with my girlfriend on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're asking the wrong question. You're missing the big picture. This is the big
picture that most guys miss all the time..
What can you get her to talk about as you both walk?
You dropping everything before you even walked through the door. This is a state
of mind, it's emotions. It's not about venue, place, resturant bullshit.
The moment you make this serious, her mind will pop up some bloody checklist
and now you get treated like every chump gets treated.
You can be walking through street, a supermaul, the park and it wouldn't matter.
It is a state of mind, emotions.
It is about you making her FEEL. The question isn't about where shall we go. The
date isn't about who pays and who doesn't. and yes, FUCK the damn resturant.
Sitting on ass for an hour or so boring the heck out of each other. Thinking it's all
about how to impress her when it's about getting her talking about the things that
captuares her emotions and ignites her imagation.
Women mate get meals anyway. They can get that all day from guys. They only
have to smile at some guy and he will pay her for a drink or some meal. Its never
about where to take and....spend.
It is about what you....can give her...that no other guy has done or can
It is this..
How do you talk with her, to captivate and lead...her imagination and emotions.
If she feels alive, turned on, emotionally connected with you, excited inside, and
thinks..
"Holy shit! This guy gets me. This guy turns me on just by talking. How the fuck does
he does this?"
You can be anywhere. You can be standing under a lamp. You can be on a bridge.
You can be walking the through park for all you care but if she is turned on,
emotionally ignited, you capture and lead her emotions and imagination, for her

to FEEL alive....then when a human being FEELS....their memories of positive
experiences are ignited.
And she connects the positive, what she values, what she likes, the makeup in her
mind of the guy she wants....is now connected with you.
So forget about where to spend money.
Walk.
Snu woman thinks I need to spend money to know her won't be dating me. She
can get that from any chump who wants to impress her.
Impressing her with meals, ﬂattery, or venue, ﬁnding commonalities.
Walk with her, capture her emotions and lead her imagination.
If you don't know how to - learn.
It's not about the place mate. The ﬁrst time you even see a woman, the moment
you approach, you better make sure you diﬀerentiate yourself from typical guys
because if you scared for her to say NO, then you will not act as a man who wants
to captivate and lead her imagination.
You will be that guy who asks the wrong questions..
"what do I say?"
"How do I ask her out."
"When do I kiss."
Meh. These are questions by guys who have put a woman on a pedestal. If a man
knows himself he will not ask these questions. He won't need pickup lines. He
won't give a shot about impressing a woman. She fets imoressed every god damn
day from guys trying to ﬂatter her with compliments and impressing her withr
esturant meals and conversation that "we ﬁnd so much in common with each
other.." Bleh.
The key word is "lead capture her.emotions and lead her imagination. Make her
FEEL alive."
Leading isn't acting cocky, arrogant. It's understanding a woman, knowing how
to make her feel alive. Knowing how to talk as a man to connect with her in such a
way that she feels
"I am so god damn turne on by him. He knows me. He SEES me. jHow come in all
guys I've dated they couldn't and yet this aveage looking guy does! Why am I
feeling such heightened desire for him?"
How do you do it?
It's about using your language, way you talk to get her...talking
What can you get her to talk about as you both walk?
This is the question you need to ask and ﬁgure out. Not where to take your
girlfriend on a date.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Been ﬂirting with a guy for a year, both liked each other I was
cold - nothing happened. It happens again but now he is not
single, wtf should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A guys can take so much. A year is long for ﬂirting. There is a proces to this and if
you stay stuck at one place, well, he gets bored, moves on. If he doesn't also stop
playing safe which is what happened too, then again...you get bored and stop.
Most people think attraction is this one thing, but it's not. It's like all things.
There's a process. There is structure, there are steps, there is moving from hello to
ﬂirting, to number exchange, to dating, and then comfort to seducation etc.
It ﬂows and if something stops the ﬂow, if it takes too long for some people, well,
it dies. The desire of a person will be channeled elsewhere.
Now he has a girlfriend. Nothing to do but to move on if he and his partner are
not non-mogonmous and you ain't either.
If that's so, nothing to do but to move on.
Maybe the relationship won't last long. Who knows. I personally don't wait for
anyone. I move on.
Ask yourself why you got cold. Is it insecurities? Did you play hard to get? Did you
not tell him you're interested and want to date? He he move to slow and played
safe? slow?
You can't control other people but you can challenge yourself to ask a guy out
instead of continuing ﬂirting for...a....year.
Maybe he got so fed up waiting he made sure that next time he ﬁnds his balls and
takes action, which he did but..with someone else.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I become the best among the bests in my team?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I discovered something by accident. I didn't know this from books or education. I
didn't know this from the environment I was brought up in. I have yet to read the
many books I now read.
One day, I walked into the room and I saw the team and they seemed happy
enough but something, just something was not right.
And in that moment, I don't know why but I just went up to each one, had a talk,
got to know them, and after work I even spent time with them. I didn't have a big
team when I was working. There was only 12 in a team of sales rep so it eas easy to
get to know each person.
And each one had a challenge, needed help and had diﬀerent fears and
expectations.
So I would ask, I would talk with them and not because I was then leader of the
team but because I am part of the team.
There were times we'd meet at the bar and they'd invite me. They could share
what is sometimes diﬃcult to do to managers and other people. We become very
close and we had fun working together.
As the time went by, their performance surpassed even theirs and my
expectations.
I was overjoyed by their achievements and so much so, I went to the managers,
and I mentioned who did what, how they did it, what they amazingly achieved. It
was menttioned in the evaluation report for each person in the team.

One day, something happened in my life. Major ﬁnancial challenges, illness in
someone I know very close to me, and it needed money. So I spent much of my
wages every month to help, moved out of my big home, to a smaller one.
And I knew that the month to come will be the most toughest of them all fore the
medical stuﬀ, needed more money.
I came to work, it was friday and the whole team was there bright and early, with
managers. The team decided to make me their team leader and I got a raise. It
was a very good raise that allowed me to breathe.
As the day ended, and as everyone went home and some invited me to the bar, I
sat there wondering about what had happened.
It suddenly dawned on me what it means to be the best in the team.
It's not that I become the best but rather, a leader helps his team members to be
the best they can be. That it's not just about "I" and "Me" and "how I can perform"
but we care enough to see how each team meber can achieve the goal they want,
to have the chance to strive to the potential they desire. To be heard, to feel their
ideas matter and to make the environment help them grow as a team.
I can say hand in heart, that it was each of the men and women in the team, that
really brought the best out of me.
It was how they trusted me, how they called me when they were worried about
targets, how they were worried if they didn't have the experience or drive. That
they let me part of their lives in those couple of years I got to know them before I
went on my own way.
As I sat at the bar arund table and they were laugh - I thanked them all with my
smile, with laughing with them, fore they did bring out the best in me. They did
teach me how love people, how to see there is no 'I' in a team and the best is not
about one man or one woman.
It is about helping each one become the best they desire to be.
I could become the best in skill, performance and for sure, I worked hard, smart
and I pulled my weight as an example but....I cannot take away how impiortant it
is to work as a team. How each one of thee women and men who worked with me
played huge part in achieving sometimes goals that seemed impossible due to
managers. Sometimes we failed but even in our failure, we said..
"We are going to do this"
and WE did.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why did an introverted guy who stopped replying to my text
suddenly text me Merry Christmas after a year? Is he interested
or just friendly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a guy is shy, introvert he will fear rejection like it's the god damn plague. Just
thinking of texting you he be in a panic...

So think of a typical guy who isn't shy and fears rejection. Tripple that by 20.
That's how bad it gets for him. He be so frustrated by his lack of actions that he
will lose interest.
If there was an image in his mind anytime he wanted to text a woman it be this...

So, if you are interested in someone who is shy, or introvert then forget asking
why he doe this and that. Forget asking if he's interested and looking for signals.
He will not tell you.
He'll try to ﬁnd some excuse to text you. Yes, wait for a whole year for Xmas.
That's if, he's interested in you.
If you're interested in him, you will need to lead.
Don't text back and forth for..hours! You need to have a goal when texting and
conversation with a guy. Or it will lose interest.
No small talk. Text..
"Hey, there is a great place, a bar I wanted to check out. How about me and you go
out. Meet face to face. How's wednesday or thursday, 8pm like for you?"
That's when you know. Now he must show initiative and if he doesn't, then forget
it.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I cheer up my girlfriend that did bad in a test?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't give her solutions on how to get better or any solutions. Just listen when
she talked and empathise with her. Take her out for a walk, spend sometime with
her to get her mind oﬀ it without mentioning why you're doing it.
Action not words.
Listen more.
Let her talk and talk about it when she does and just listen.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I leave my boyfriend after objectively realizing he is too
good for me? I feel like poor intellectual company.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I got no degree. Example women I am dating. She has two degrees, she is a
manager and is getting promoted again for one of leading companies for selling
all sorts of products and luxury products. Fantastic coder. Comes from a rich
family. I come from streets.
And I don't think, "shit she's out of my league."

Not even in the slightest.
This is your own insecurities you're projecting in which you are attached to some
social mask, ego. Attaching relationship onto external factors like age, culture,
social status to seek response....validation...acceptance.
If he didn't want to be with you, believe me...he would have said so and walked
away. This is self sabotage mode you're going through and it will push great
people, and the man who is into you far away.
If you don't focus on what is real, then when attraction is gone, there will be gap
and that gap is due to you holding back. It will of course get him to feel that
maybe you're not meant to be together because the comfort phase is not there.
That deep connection that goes beyond social status and other objects that comes
from seeking a response, a validation, acceptance and to be liked/loved.
On another level, you will feel lonliness at such a deep scale because this seeking
for validation, acceptance, to be liked, and attaching objects as some meaning
will attract certain type of people into your life. People who you think are friends.
You'll focus on quantity instead of quality. You'll ﬁnd, even with all these friends
you feel lonely. You have worn the same social mask.
This impacts everything in your life. Let go of the social mask. The ego. The fear.
The insecurities. The objects you try to deﬁne your relationship with.
I personally ﬁnd it refreshing, dating a woman who is going somewhere in life,
who is conﬁdent, sexually conﬁdent, wild, brave, courageous, bold.
It inspires me to kick ass in what I am doing. I have lots of amazing conversations
with her and other women I date.
You're intellect isn't what you think it is i.e. your degree, age, culture etc.
It is how you....make....someone...feel.
If a woman has a two degrees, rich, ﬂying high.. and she makes me feel shit, it is
over, I don't care how many degrees she has or how old she is.
So how does he make you feel?
How do you make him feel?
That's what needs be to focused on. The relationship, the deeper connection
instead of ego. Fear.
Oh and she is 8 years older than me.
14.2k Views · View Upvoters

I have a crush on someone on Quora, should I pursue it?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Quora is not a dating site???
WHAT? OMG! Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! :D
How can this be?
Do my eyes deceive me?
What manner of Sorcery is this.... ;)
Ok mate, here's some constructive advice...
It is far better for women to say hello by sending you a private message than you
doing so. Sure in bars, street, whatever I got balls to approach but here is where

you must be like the master who teaches Zorro in the movie...
It's ok to socialise. It's cool but you need to be like..ZORRO ;)
Now why not iron man? Well, I'm a sucker for wit and Zorro is very good at
replying with some charm with WOHOOOSH wit.
Here's what I learnt from Mask of Zorro Movie...
Don Diego de la Vega: This is called a training circle, a master's wheel. This circle
will be your world, your whole life. Until I tell you otherwise, there is nothing
outside of it.
Alejandro Murrieta: Capitan Love is...
Don Diego de la Vega: There is NOTHING outside of it. Captain Love does not
exist until I say she exists. As your skill with the sword improves, you will progress to
a smaller circle. With each new circle, your world contracts, (and attracts) bringing
you that much closer..."
Alejandro Murrieta: I like that part.
You do that by following these steps:
1. Focus on a topic niche
2. Be like the knowledgeable, badass dude on such topics
3. Have an opinion. You can't please everyone. You need an opinion and
don't let anyone frighten you. Believe in what you write.
4. If you get a lot of hate comment which I delete, block, to messages then
you're doing something right :D
5. Be consistent in giving valuable answers that help the community
6. Then something will happen. Yes.....women will send messages to..you!
Not just women. The whole god damn community from the looks of my
private messages and...I welcome them all. I may not have time to
answer all messages....but I do welcome them all. #
I salute them for their bravery :D
Remember..
As your skill with the sword improves, you will progress to a smaller circle. With
each new circle, your world contracts, (and attracts) bringing you that much
closer.."
Now forget women. Focus ﬁrst on leadership. Get some questions answered in
your own style. Have an opinion and stand by it. Comment on content you value
and appreciate. Build relationships and in time...abundance ﬂows to you as you
wonder..."why didn't I do this from the beginning?!"
Don't be deceieved that you have nothing to oﬀer and how you're alone.
Because...
Captain Harrison Love: After all, it's only one man...
Don Rafael: It isn't just one man, damn it. It's ZORRO
:D
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

My friend said I was the key to her depression and has now
taken my friends what do I do?

Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The ﬁrst is, people love to blame someone else or something instead of taking
responsibility for their own thinking, choices and decisions.
The second is, no one can take away you're friends because you don't own your
friends. They are not your property. They can associate whoever they want to
associate with.
Third, the reason why this impacts you is maybe you have very little friends, very
small circle and in this dat and age, I'm not surprised. Most young people today
don't go out, socialise, make new friends, build bigger social groups than
spending time on internet, on computer games, on facebook, instagram,
snapchat and all sorts of teche stuﬀ.
The challenge is to not seek a response - validation, acceptance, to ﬁt it, to be
liked. You won't have great friends if you do make friends based on these. You will
feel alone, there not be interested in what you do and loyalty becomes ﬁckle.
So go out and socialise more and make more friends but do it without seeking
validation, acceptance, to be liked and ﬁt in.
493 Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl, but she doesn't love me. Should I continue to keep
in touch with her and wait for her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait a minute! What is this? I have seen this movie before? Let me get that DVD
out and play it. YES! Here it is...
Ready everyone? Got your drinks and Pop corn sorted?
Ok! Press play and whrrrrrrr.....
Once upon a time there was a guy. He fell in love with this girl....

He wonders about her all day. He thought his feelings for her is enough. He
thought love is enough. He believed in the 'one' and the soul mates bullshit.
He creates this fantastic story in his head about both of them but he never tells
her. He instead approaches like a platonic friend and continues to build this
ﬁctional story that goes round and round in his mind...

He spends lots of time, eﬀort and emotions on the IDEA of her.
Yes, an idea. That with his amazing LOVE she will see it is enough for both of
them. Time passes and the story in his mind gets stronger....and stronger. It
suddenly becomes a blockbuster movie in the mind....

A year goes by and he can't take it anymore.
He has got to confess his love to her but the thing is,....you don't ever confess such
feelings because it makes the woman awkward.
You don't show aﬀection so early.
In fact to not get hurt so bad with rejections...you approach immediately and be
fun, talk, make her feel alive and see if she...is...interested in you. Why even
bother confessing such deep feelings to a woman when nothing has happened.

It makes it look creepy. It's awkward. It's desperate.
Alas! He spent so much time, days, weeks, a year in being friends that his feelings
are so strong now. He sees her and confessing his feelings...

She says no. That she doesn't see him this way and only sees him as friends. The
rejection hits him hard because he invested so much time, eﬀort and emotions it
hurts big time.
But wait!
What is this?
Instead of having self respect and walking away, he continues to stay in touch. He
decides to wait for. If only he just walks away but no. He continues to wait and it
is turning his world upside down.
Even though he is smiling, buying her drinks, carrying he bag like a chump, being
always available for her...it just doesn't seem enough..

3 years goes by and he thinks, maybe he can try again. Just maybe she has seen
he is awesome, gentleman, nice guy. Maybe things have changed. Maybe she
made a mistake.
But before he could, she calls him and says..
I met this amazing guy and we're getting MARRIED...

He wished he didn't wait.
He wasted 3 years of his life waiting for someone who doesn't see him that way.
He could have put his time approaching someone else. Three years he put his life
on hold for her. Three years and for who?
For a woman who will never love him back?
Now he feels much worse. He's been rejected twice and she's marrying someone
who didn't chase her, didn't spend time with her, didn't do jack shit.
And yet, here he was giving her attention, being always available, listening to her
damn bloody problems.
So yes...
If you don't want to end in this situation.....move on.
Don't wait.
40.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do, if my favorite person likes someone else over
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Incompetence? Ah no Lygia. You're putting your whole success on one rejection.
That's not incompetence. It's out of your control as it is with all of us.
Let me explain...
You wasn't there when the makeup of his biology was done. You wasn't there
when he was born. You wasn't there to create an environment, the things he

heard, watched, seen, read, taught, gathered through his life from the day he was
born until now.
All this creates the system of one's mind to want what one desires. You had no
control over what he likes, what he doesn't, what he believes, what he doesn't,
who he be attracted to and who he isn't attracted to.
This is his language, emotional and logic language.
And so, before you ever knew him, ever met him, the map was formed in his
mind. A perception, a reality of what he desires and what he doesn't.
You could as an example have all the knowledge in the world, all the most
masterful tools, all there at your ﬁnger tips - and - it won';t change anything.
It's not you Lygia. It's not personal. It is attraction.
And attraction isn't a choice.
There has been many a times I have been rejected. Many of us have before we
dated someone, had relationships, in relationships. It's part of life. It's not a
message to say you are incompetent.
There will be a time if you don't give up, if you forge ahead, if you keep meeting
people, socialise - be proactive - to one day meet someone. You immediately
click. You don't even have to try so hard. It just clicks.
The rest, the knowledge, experience is to make the process less awkward, faster,
to get to the next phase i.e. to talk, to socialise and to agree to date etc.
You get over it by recognising you haven't control over other human beings. They
have their own makeup in their system, their own desires, fears and hopes. That
it's not you being incompetent. How can it be? This is attraction.
Now of course, if someone is attracted to you and you do some crazy play hard to
get, some mess up here, you didn't know the basics - then yes....the person will be
turned oﬀ and walk away.
But this isn't the situation here.
He's just doesn't feel the same way with you as you with him.
The way you have for when you see a guy and you're not even remotely attracted
to. I won't be surprised some guys are attracted to you BUT you're not into them.
Let go of the control part and embrace the message, the feedback that he's not the
guy to be with. Then move forward.
It's not that you are incompetent.
This is the mystery of attraction.
One cannot force anyone to love someone, like someone, be attracted to
someone. It is a good thing because you want to be with someone who feels for
you as you feel for that person.
That's in their makeup. That's in there, their map...long before you ever set eyes
on him. Don't be too hard on yourself.
837 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lygia Sdr

My girlfriend told me that her ex is more physically attractive
in every way. How do I make peace with this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I never had such conversations mate. There's brutal honesty but then again, I still
have boundaries and one of them, is no comparing or talk about ex's. Can't be
assed with it.
But for now, you want a solution.
The ego.
It's not your physical insecurities you got a problem with. That's the surface. It is
validation, acceptance. How the opinion of others about you is more important
than your own opinion about yourself.
This is the Social Mask.
It comes from ego and you need to detache the illusion from reality. The reality is
you both lead to this discussion by your own demise. Your ego wanted validation.
You didn't get your validation. Or what we call..the response you desired because
that's why people wear social masks.
Seeking a response. It comes from fear.
You got a response and due to you desiring so much to be attached to this
response, well, the lack of validation kicked you in the teeth.
You can go and train, get ﬁt and all that but it won't do any good.
It won't because you still deﬁne yourself with external objects.
The seeking of external responses from other people i.e. you're girlfriend - instead
of detaching yourself from what others think of you.
People opinions of you or what you're girlfriend thinks and sees of you is
a,....perception.
It's not truth. It's a perception. Their perception.
She is with you because percieved value is not good enough. She is with you
because you show absolute value.
That's why....she's with you.
9k Views · View Upvoters

After I was rejected by a friend, one week later I've now got a
date with another girl. Is it to soon to play the ﬁeld again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no set time. It's down to you when you're ready.
I personally, never waited. I just moved on and approached someone else in the
same day ;)
It's never too soon to go out, socialise, meet and date someone else. Always move
forward. When you get rejected don't wait but move on fast and keep doing so,
until you meet someone you like and she's interested in you.
Rejection is part of life and it is from rejections that I learnt a great deal because I
approached a lot of women. It toughened me up and it also helped me to not take
things so seriously. I got tough mentally.
I got better as time went on although I started early with approaching. I started in
my teenage years.
When I get a rejection, I don't wait. I move on to next. This is very important to do
so because the ﬁrst thing you're saying is..

Meh. She's rejecting herself to get to know me
I've got high self worth so not going to think much of it
I am emotionally strong to move on fast
Plenty of women on this planet and one will say yes.
This gives you the edge on most guys. Even the good looking guys because many
of them fear rejection.
This will build your conﬁdence, experience and you will get to learn a lot. Just go
out and have fun, socialise and don't get rejection personal.
I know it's hard to not to but they don't know you for real to reject you for who
you are. They don't know enough about you to reject who you are.
398 Views · View Upvoters

Why do I have many friends, but still feel lonely?

 http://lonely.It
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you feel alone even when you have friends - then there is something going
on about the quality of not just your life but the friends you have. You may have
quantity but it's not the same.
I would look deep within yourself and ask yourself if you're wearing a social mask
which is where you're seeking response.
It comes from fear.
Imagine if your social life was based on these:
To seek validation
To ﬁt in
To be accepted
To be liked
To be loved
You ﬁnd yourself within a social environment and people you hardly even know.
Even the life you lead, the job you go for, everything is lead by the social mask
which comes from ego.
So you ﬁnd people won't hear much of what you say. They not really interested in
you and don't put much eﬀort to know you. They don't call, they don't want to
know how you are and some just don't bother at all.
They are just people that you know but not people who know you. They don't get
engaged with you at a deep connection level like a friend does.
And so, due to one's own lack of self love and seeking a response we ﬁnd
ourselves alone even if we have a crowd of friends. We do things, talk, associate,
live and still feel alone because nothing externally can really ﬁll the emptiness
inside except by one's own quality of life.
We then have to look back and deeper to see where does this fear come from,
where does this seeking of response comes from. When you ﬁnd the answer and
acknowledge you need to make some changes, you begin to make decisions on
quality than quantity.
It isn't just about choosing friends but everything in your life starts to change.
You start to cherish the core values that you may have not took seriously and

boundaries you did not put in place. As we make those changes we ﬁnd being
alone isn't a curse. We ﬁnd solitude in it. We ﬁnd it as a friend because...the ﬁrst
friend, the ﬁrst person we now love is....ourselves. Now, we are not alone
anymore. Instead we are our own best friend, our own best company.
We ﬁnd ourselves doing things with an attitude of 'loving what you do.' We start
to enrich our lives with activities and work that gives us joy. In doing so, we ﬁnd
ourselves with people of similar passion, quirkiness, ideas, philosphies and
suddenly you be sitting with a group of people talking for hours on end everyone
want to know what you think. They are engaged and you are engaged with them.
You begin to bring so much value in many people's lives and they will apreciate
you reaching out to them.
Start by removing the social mask. The need for response.
Ask yourself these questions:
Who would I really be if I don't deﬁne myself by how many friends I
have?
Who would I be if I don't deﬁne myself by how much I have
accomplished?
Who would I be if I don't deﬁne myself by how much (name the object
you are attaching your existence to)
That way you see what's really going on and what you may need to let go oﬀ to be
happier.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should be done when your close female friend ignores
you in public and later she feels sorry for it and pursues you to
continue friendship?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she walked up to you and apologised, sincerely, if she really regretted it - then
let it go. Let her know it hurt you, it was just not on and it just not what friends do
in a calm manner. So she knows the boundaries of your friendship but then let it
go. Don't remind her of it and smile, hug and move on.
Sometimesd people do many things out of fear and immaturity.
When such things happen then it needs a good friend to not walk away but to
share wisdom. In sharing the wisdom she has the chance to grow. She has a
chance to learn of new insights. She now has a chance to to look into herself and
that's because a friend of hers was brave and kind enough to not ignore. It would
be so easy to do. Instead you talked with her about it.
It can even make the friendship...stronger.
I believe, people can help each other to look past the shit to ﬁnd the gold in each
other. This could be that moment.
It's diﬀerent if the person keeps doing it and this is only an assumption - that this
is the ﬁrst time. So keep the door open and talk with your friend calmly.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl but she says, "I can't oﬀer more than friendship."
Along with that she states, "Her parents don't agree." Does she
really like me or doesn't she like me because of her parents?
Adam Taha, Experience with Parents as their Son

Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Always look at the behavior...
This is her words...
"I can only oﬀer friendly. Her parents don't agree."
Her behaviour..
1.If it was some guy she was interested in she'd fall all over him and say YES and
make every damn excuse to date him. That's not the behaviour she is showing
with you is she? Look at this behaviour not meaning in her words.
2. She behaves like she can't make her own decision. That she doesn't have a
choice. If it was a guy she really liked, she will ﬁnd away. Even if it's dating in
school or meeting each other in break.
She doesn't want to say no to make things awkward as you're close to her
environment.
So no, she isn't interested in you in that way.
Move on and approach other girls.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Do some boys like some short girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but she has to have more than her being short. I like tall, short, sometimes big
and she has cute face, sometimes really tall women.
In other words, you can't really generalise. You see tall and short guys with short
women.
But for me she needs other things like...
1. She likes to travel. As I travel. So we can check out Italy, and other countries
and have fun. So she isn't scared to be spontaneous, adventureous
2. She needs to be able to converse, can talk, sociable.
3. She has some querkiness about her. It can be colouring her hair, it can be her
big smile, it can be way she likes some interest that's diﬀerent. It can be the way
she sings in bathroom even if she's terrible at singing and it makes me laugh. It
can be the clothes she wears or she's really observant about somethings most
people aren't.
4. A BIGGIE. She has high sexual drive. None of that "OOoh I'm not into sex." Bye,
bye. I'm high sexual so if she isn't, we won't be compatible.
So cute is great but got to be more than her being short and cute.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Oak Autumn

What makes a girl beautiful at ﬁrst sight?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The truth:
When I see a woman and I'm like "wow" and I don't give a shit if this is
objectifying, liquidfying, bubblfying. You know, like this...

So...back to what gets me to go WOW...
Her tits
Her tight shaped ass
Her legs
He face. She's cute
The clothes she wears that compliment her curves
Her curls ﬂowing hair
That's what I see ﬁrst so that's what's gong to get me to say "wow."
Her curves, the way she looks. That's attraction. Not love,. Not me knowing her
personality. I haven't a James Boind devise telling me what her personality is or
history about her.
All I see, is her ass, tits, curves and cute face, legs in the beginning.
Now if I like what I see - I will approach.
But if she's a snotty drama queen, acting like she's it, has no social skills, acting
really playing hard to get then I WILL walk away. I won't be interested. I don't care
how attractive she is. It is all gone, blah. Gone. It turns me oﬀ.
That's the same online too.
If she doesn't answer my message, after she added me, after she followed, acts
like she's it, playing hard to get...bye, bye.
I'm not interested no matter if she's attractive.
What will get me to ask her out is...
1. She's conﬁdent
2. She's not intimated for me to approach
3. She smiles and converses
4. She ﬂirts and good at it
5. She's adventureous and I'll know by asking a question and she answers
6. She's decisive
7. Her personality is smiling, bubbly, kind, compassionate.
These, when I talk to her, if I ﬁnd these I'll ask her out. If I don't, I'll say it was
great talking with you and I move on.
It's not enough for me because when dating, these are important for me. These
are qualiﬁers for me. This is when I look deep inside the woman.
So ﬁrst attraction. If all is well when we talk. Then I ask her out.
But if you don't want the truth..

It is the way she brushes her hair away.
How she looks clean. How she looks so determined. How she looks smart and
elegant. Like she is going somewhere in life. Her ﬂowing curls and her cute face.
;)
15.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Poonam Yadav

What would you do if your girlfriend want to be with you again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean, you broken up and now after sometime, she wants to get back
together?
Then, if it's me..
Nah. It's not going to happen.
I'd have moved on fast. I don't pine over ex girlfriends. I don't bank on hope.
When a woman has dated me and we break up, we broke up for a reason. Whether
it is something like she messed up, broke my trust or we just didn't connect, click,
then it's over. I'm moving on and I'm no way going to go back.
I'm not going to forget that reason.
In fact, I move on very fast because I made sure I got options. I'm not going to piss
about going back and forth.
It either happens ﬁrst time with her or not. I'm not going to go back. I'm moving
forward. Sure, I might care about her but it's not going to persuade me to get back
with her and no, I won't want to be friends either.
So that's from me.
If she has betrayed your trust and this is just assumption, then you're asking for it
if you get back together.
By just asking this question you don't trust her and if you don't, why bother.
Meh. I'd have moved on. I'm very good at moving on fast. I just cannot be
bothered with the drama.
530 Views · View Upvoters

What are some common mistakes women make when texting a
man?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 27, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Boring text. Hey, hi, how you doing. Has no goal. Like "hey, I was thinking
about you. Let's go out tomorrow or wednesday. What you think?"
2. It's not fun. It's dry and serious.
3. Too slow to notice the guy is ﬂirting. Not great at ﬂirting on text. Far too
worried being judged and all that
4. Not opening up and trying to hold back. No emotion "I miss you, call me."
5. Playing hard to get, which bores the shit out of me, so I lose interest
6. Not conversing and instead "hahahaha." to everything you text. Lazy.
7. Think it's always the guy who starts a conversation. Common fallacy in dating
8. Takes too long to text because she thinks it's needy, desperate (roll eyes)

9. Not showing interest. Guy is sharing about himself and she is reserved. Not
sharing anything about herself.
10. Edit. Texting about someone else. Far too many make this mistake. I
personally don’t respond when women text about how they like someone, love
someone, or any of such nature. I ignore. It’s lack of social intuition and
personally you don’t do that if you are into someone. Some do it because if
wanting to create jealousy or immature, inexperienced and just haven’t much
clue on what to refrain from doing. I ignore as it’s a turn oﬀ for me. It doesn’t lead
me to text back anything after that.
11. Edit - this one too - projecting their past experiences on to the present guy
they are talkng too. I get this a lot but because I'm experienced I know what to do.
But for some guys, they will think "WTF. Why is she doing this where she's ok and
then doubtful, then ok...and then doubtful...and ok.." LOL
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

Would you be upset if you saw your ex blocked you on
lnstagram?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It be a god send. I will throw all sorts of gifts to thor and all the hot goddesses. I
will dance with fucking joy. In fact, I'll walk down the bar with a bit of skip and a
whistle and think..
"What a wonderful life this is. La La La"
If I was ﬁlthy rich, I'd buy everyone a drink at the bar and we'll have a party.
Seriously, I won't give a shit.
I move on so fast, I make the fastest ﬁctional comic hero The Flash slow. I won't
even notice. Probably blocked her myself on everything and moved on instead of
pining over her like some guy who lives a poor existing life.
"waaaaaah. waaaaaaaah. Oh how I love you so. Oh my Juliet. Why Oh Why?"
Meh.
I won't even notice.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some good reasons for why you won't cheat?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because.....
The moment I step over that line, the man I am is gone. I can never go back to
being that man again and it will forever stare in me in the face.
I know, hard to believe with the stuﬀ I write in here :D but this is the line I don't
step over for a very good reason.
There is no beauty, no curves, no ass, no tits, no money, no social status, no
promotion, nothing that can get me to cheat. It's unfortunate that some will see
me writing and using these words and assume the opposite.
If I step over the line, I can never go back to how it was. I can never be that man
which took me years to build and forge inside of me against all odds. Believe me,
it wasn't easy becoming the man I am today. The sheer magnitude of self
development, and the many situations I have been that would have made it so

easy and yet...I didn't step over the line. Many opportunities I had to cheat but I
didn't.
All this and much more lead to the man I am today. I would lose all this that no
mountain of gold, nor even the power to have the sun in my right hand and moon
on my left can ever restore when it's lost.
That is something no one can take away from me. If there is nothing in this world
I've achieved - I know I have achieved this. That I didn't cheat on anyone, any
man, any woman no matter what excuses I could give to myself.
I am my own enemy but I am also my own best friend.
Contrary to belief, there are men and women on this planet who have honour.
The world can change but there are some men and women, who will hold their
honour even if it feels like a burning coal in their hand.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girl and I broke up. She said she needed space and then I
tried getting her back, but she told me she had someone else.
Now she calls me and texts me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here is how it went. You ready?
Got your pop corn and snacks sorted?
Ok. Let the movie begin...Whhhrrrrrrrrr.....
One day she was walking and she saw this guy and thought..
"SHIT! I want to date this guy and ride him all night long.."
So she came up to you and said she needed a break. This is one of the ways MOST
women do to prepare you psychologically. They do it because they know you're a
nice guy, probably cry, probably say why oh why, which causes awkwardiness.
She didn't want conﬂict. So most give that bullshit excuse on them wanting
space.
She was right by the way because you went and started begging her to come back.
So she knows you very well.
Now that she is done with you - she goes oﬀ to the guy she met while she was
dating you, and got his number and called him.
The mating season began in which she fucked him, he fucked her, they tried all
kinds of sex positions, and maybe even bought Kama Sutra book to do all the
positions she and he can do.
She got what she wanted, the guy got what he wanted. No one got used.
She had her fun but also, the other guy might be someone who doesn't give a shit.
Maybe he is a guy who has options. Maybe she found out he was no diﬀerent to
the guy she was dating before.
So she calls you, BECAUSE...she knows you haven't got options. You wouldn't
have moved on. You cried, BEGGING HER...BEGGING her to come back. She
knows you are one of those guys who won't move on.
And she knows, all she got to do, is open her legs and you'll open the door and
she's back with you. She knows all she got to do is call and you be up your ass with
emotions and hope that she be back.

Then she be back with you and when she sees another guy she likes, she knows
she can do it again - and - come back because you will be BEGGING HER all over
again. This cycle will continue to go on until you ﬁnd yourself respect, your balls
to realise that being nice guy that has no boundaries will always be fucked about
left, right and centre.
But to another guy, she won't do that crap because she knows, such a guy will
have the balls to walk away and date someone else fast. He won't be waiting
around, looking for signals. He'd have deleted her number, blocked her and
moved on. He'd be ready dating someone else. He would never BEG her to come
back.
He would hve dissappeared. Like he has moved to the god damn Antartic and no
one will know where he is.
Now, does this make her..
A) A slut
B) A whore
C) Too easy
None of the above. She's a woman. Sexual being as men are.
It is what it is = Human Nature.
Now you decide the following..
1. Have self respect and move on.
2. Or continue with her in hope she comes back, to do it to you all over again.
Because that's what it means if you do continue with her. There is a high
possibility she will do this again.
That's the message you give to her.
Think but not with your dick.
19.2k Views · View Upvoters

If a man and a woman are dating, it's been a year, and he still
hasn't changed his proﬁle picture to a picture of him and her, is
it possible that he's embarrassed by her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I've been dating women for some for years and I don't add them to my proﬁle
picture. Even if I was let's say monogamous, I still won't. That doesn't mean I'm
embrassed by her. It means she ain't a trophy for me to stick on my photo.
These things like showing you're married, got a boyfriend, got a girlfriend on a
proﬁle photo is nothing more than someone trying to validate themselves to the
world. It is them projecting some story to the world.
You can read about this here..
Why are people using Facebook?
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys get turned on over unattractive girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can only talk about myself. I don't get turned on with any woman. I have
standards in that I have to be attracted to her. I am not attracted to most women.
It's not like any woman walking by, sitting next to me and I get turned on.

I have to be attracted to her.
Second - her looks isn't enough because I have to be comfortable with her too or I
can't be intimate with her. I can't be open with her.
Now I don't know about other guys but that's the way I am. I just can't date, be
intimate, kiss, hold hands and even sex with a woman I'm not attracted to. Many
women I knew, I socialise with and don't feel turned on at all.
So depends on guy I suppose but that's how it is for me.
PS...the question has changed from "turned on" to "erection."
Maybe whoever edited it wasn't turned on by the details so they added "erection"
to give it a 50 Shades Grey Feel ;)
19k Views · View Upvoters

I went on two dates with this girl from work but was uncertain
about taking it further. She is now with another guy and I miss
her, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a saying, "don't shit too close to home."
This is very close to your work, in your job and it can cause complications. It
causes awkwardiness. Also if you're not emotionally strong and drama ensues, it
will impact on your performance. I'm not saying some people don't date from
work but when it goes wrong it goes wrong in a big way.
It can be stressful, cause anxiety and be very awkward.
Second, you waited too long.
You dated her and didn't escalate. You didn't do anything after. So she moved on
and now dating someone else.
Therefore, you move on as well.
Approach someone else and don't interfere with her. She's now dating someone
else. Also make sure to avoid dating women from work. It can cause problems
latet on. Seen far too many leave work because they couldn't hack seeing the
person they dated in their face everyday.
Don't shit too close to home.
Keep your job out of your personal life in regards to dating.
930 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Harry Ray Field

I have been dating a girl from class, but all of a sudden she
wants to stay as friends, but she still wants to hang out
sometimes. Why?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're a nice guy and by that, you take it too serious in beginning by being
romantic and playing real safe. Like you're afraid you'd lose her.
Maybe you was too slow in escalating to seduction.
You was playing it so safe she got bored. When a woman feels she cannot be the
sexual woman with a guy, she knows it's best to just be friends. If she cannot
imagine to be with you in her mind in future because what she gets from you she
can get from anywhere else really. She can get it from her friends she has.

Probably dated for a few months and played it safe. You behaved like a platonic
boyfriend. In your mind you wanted to go further, be real intimate, have sex but
probably didn't.
The playing safe, the wining and dining, making it so serious in the beginning
made her feel she cannot be the woman with you. She cannot open up with you.
You did too much comfort and killed attraction.
She felt you're just too nice that you won't even touch her and anything she wants
to happen, won't happen until 2020 with a guy like yourself. Nice, nice...nice.
Safe..safe...safe.
She got bored mate and thought..
"Meh. This guy won't make a move so might as well just be friends."
You had a woman in your home, and there was no seduction. All that build up
and nothing happened and she thought..
"Shit. Does he not see me attractive? I can't be what I want to be with this guy.
He's too nice. He'll think I'm a slut, a whore, too easy if I try anything like that
with him. Damnit. I like him though, so best maybe to just be friends. Not see him
in a sexual attraction way..."
It can be something else.
Maybe you both did become sexually intimate but she still thought you as a
platonic type of guy. That you're ok to talk to and nothing else but that.
Approach other women, You need some experience under your belt because from
what I am reading, you need it.
586 Views · View Upvoters

Should I stop asking out pretty girls because they consistently
say no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The answer is no. There is something with your approach and other factors at
play. I cannot say way exactly as I don't know your mindset, level of social skills,
level of knowledge in woman psychology, your conﬁdence level and experience.
I don't even know how many women you approach and have approached.
It can be the way you approach, the vibe, the transition, the lack of qualifying, the
neediness, the pleasing, the lack of comfort. It can be the way you dress, hold
yourself, or even smell. It can be anything really.
You got to ﬁgure out what it is because if every woman you approach is rejected
you, then you need to ﬁgure what is going wrong.
However, it maybe also, you only approached 10 women in your life and think
this is huge problem. When really I got rejected by 45 women when I started.
Then I got real good but only with a coach, with knowledge, investing in myself
and that's where I saw where I was making some mistakes.
So, you don't stop approach women you are attracted to.
Instead you need to learn what is going wrong and ﬁx it. This will take you
learning from someone who has experience, knowledge, skill and can see your
blindspots as you do or explain. Or learn the longer way by learning yourself.
Example, let's say I apply for certain job I want and salary. I get lots of rejections.
Do I then go for jobs I don't want that of low pay, that I will not really like?

No. I will ﬁnd help, consult an expert, try and read more, invest in knowledge on
how to better project myself in the emotional language of the companies. I may
need to research better, understanding where they are coming from.
Or you won't grow.
If you do not learn the lessons and pick them up, you will not grow. You will be
unhappy and you will forever be uncertain rather than have clarity. No matter
what results you have in your life.
This is not just for dating but for everything in your life.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Den Taborno

How do I say no to hooking up with guys who know nothing
about my open relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm non-monogamous and I choose who I date and the women I date choose
themselves. Now, if a woman came to me and she's non-monogamous, I'd like her
to be open with this before any talk about sex.
If you want to reject just say - no.
That is it. When I hear that word - no - ...bye, bye. I'm gone. I don't want any
explanation on why, or how boyfriend blah blah. I don't give a shit.
No is a no for me and I walk away.
509 Views · View Upvoters

Is it important to be friends with your signiﬁcant other, before
you start dating them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, and I am speaking for myself - I won't approach a woman to be friends
when I know 100% I am attracted to her. I would be honest, approach her, say I
am attracted to her, ﬂirt, converse, ﬁnd out more and if I feel I like to date her
then I will ask her out.
If she isn't interested, awesome. I'm moving on.
If she is, awesome. We'll take it from there.
But I never approach a woman I am attracted to with pretence of being a friend
ﬁrst. That for me is just dishonest, not authentic and cowardiness. I rather take
the risk right there and then.
That helps me to not emotionallyl lots of time, eﬀort, feelings and build some
idea in my head about her.
I have always believed, if you like someone, just say it.
If you have an opinion, have the balls to speak up no matter if the whole world
hates you for it. Say it, stand by it and own it.
You'll see this to be so in all my answers I give.
Therefore, I do so with anything else including dating. Do the right thing. If you
like someone, you're attracted to the person....approach and say it. Be honest.
Take the risk and let wherever the chips may fall happen.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are you supposed to say when someone asks "How many
friends do you have?"
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Someone - how many friends do you have?
Me - I nearly thought you was serious then because you look like someone who is
intelligent and smart enough to not fall for such social status game.
Adam walks away whistling James bond tune
2k Views · View Upvoters

Would any guy date or reject a girl, depending on the amount of
friends she has?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't reject depending on how many friends she has but I'd question the type of
friends she has, if she has any. If she hasn't, no problem.
Exanple...
I dated a woman who studied at university and she didn't seem to have a lot of
friend friends as studied hard. She also wasn't type to want socialise much. She
was more of a reader, staying at home, with a warm blanket etc.
Now if she's walking with friends who are snorting cocain and meth, then I might
be inﬂuenced to not bother.
However, if it's that she hasn't many friends, then no, that won't get me to reject
or lose interest in a woman.
588 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when the guy gives you his number instead
of getting yours?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You mean to ask..
'Wouldn't it look like I am so desperate, needy, to call him because assuming he has
lots of women, crowds of them chasing the guy from every corner of the city.'
You know, thinking it's a game...when it's not.
He gave you his number because guys know, when most women exchange
number with a guy who is interested, they might not be interested. They rather
give it than be in an awkward position to say no.
So he gave you his number and if you're really interested....don't text. Pick up the
phone and call him. If you text because you think this is some power play, best
not to assume such things.
Pick up the phone and say hello, show you're interest back.
But if you think like most, he's a player, blah blah, then you'll see it as a game, and
think all sorts like..
- Who has power now
- Does it look desperate if I call
- Does it look needy if I make a move ﬁrst
So best you don't text but rather, pick up the phone and call him.

Start there. Don't assume anything yet. Follow through as that's when you will
only know.
30.9k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend called up last night and said that she had made a
mistake (we both had sex) because I am fat. I love her but can't
live with this statement said by her. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

OK mate. Listen. Calm down for a moment. Don't listen to what she SAYS. Rather
what she does. Her behaviour.
The reason she said that- has nothing to do with you being fat.
It's this..

I'll need to take you back into some history soon to understand what's going on.
This is the battle of the minds.
First, understand it's her worrying you see her as a slut, a whore, too easy. This is
where MOST not all but MOST.....women/girls try to not take responsibility for
their decisions because they HATE saying they wanted sex.
So they come out with....
"Oh so, so used me for sex."
"It was the drink that made me do it."
"Oh I had sex because you're fat."
It even goes so low to say..
"All guys just want my body and sex.."
Like a woman/girl hasn't got her own power, choice, to say no. That men got some
magical wand to inﬂuence, to make her turned on, to make her forget who she is
and she suddenly falls under a spell and has sex.
This is guilt.
This comes from fear. This is due to the invention shoved down societies throat
about "modesty" and "shame" regard "sexuality and sex."
So let me take you back but not far back...

Here's a quote from American Decades..
“The sexual revolution was considered by many to be the
most shocking social trend in the 1970s. It cast aside traditional
sexual restraints and began a decade of alternative eroticism,
experimentation, and promiscuity. In part facilitated by the development

of the birth-control pill and other contraceptives, Americans in the
1970s broke many sexual taboos. Interracial dating, open homosexuality,
communal living, casual nudity, and dirty language all seemed to
indicate a profound change in sexual behavior. Sexual activity among the
young especially increased. Surveys during the 1970s reported that by
age nineteen, four-ﬁfths of all males and two-thirds of all females had
had sex. Fashion designers promoted a new sensuality, producing
miniskirts, hot pants, halter tops, and formﬁtting clothes designed to
accentuate women’s sexuality.”
American Decades: 1970-1979: Vincent Tompkins, Judith Baughman, Victor
Bondi, Richard Layman (1995)
But it was short lived. The marketing maching went on overdrive with the same
message, over and over again...

The feeling of such guilt from society was so strong as well as the fear that the
marketing machine convinced the masses to go against themselves.
They went against their own freedom, own sexuality and hammered these
women with all sorts. The powers that be went on overdrive with their
propaganda, to clerks, religious, to laws and to hiring authors and psychologists,
historians, newspapers to push lots of fallacies....lies....myths....until this was
quashed!

All may seem great on the surface because that's what repression does. At ﬁrst
you get hit by the noise and you get agitated. You feel something is wrong so you
stand up to the bullshit.
However, when it continues again and again, society is subdued.
People starts to become inhibited and their sexuality hidden. They become afraid
to show their sexuality. They fear losing their reputation, materials, jobs, career,
money and social status.
Society went back into the dark ages again.
The pressure due to the marketing machine, the corporations and society for
believing in the messages hit hard. That anyone goes against the social norms is
shameful, a slut, a whore, too easy, a player and a......loser.
Society went back as if nothing ever happened. As if the 1970s didn't exist.
It went back to using labels. Many corporations made huge money and still
do with enforcing insecurities with their messages. It's huge to ﬁght because
you have the mainstream media and also broadcast companies enforcing
the same message to subdue society.
They knew if man and woman embraced their sexuality there is no tension. There
is no fear. There is no lock up of their desire.
There is no.....control over the masses.
They won't need romance novels, Hollywood movies, Porns videos and
environments that make billions out of drinks.
Many of the books on the shelves don't really help. Rather they just work like
ﬁllers that don't solve our problems.
How do we then become less inhibited?
Well, by getting us to consume more which leads to more problems...

Do you know, that the distillers who sell beer, whine, drinks....give the tax man
85% from each bottle? Can you imagine just that alone makes billions of dollars.
How many distillers are there in one city?
How many in one country?
How many all over the world?
That's just one type of business.
That's a lot of money.
Now imagine porn. Imagine movies. Romance novels. Imagine music and songs
about romance, about the so called "forbidden" love, about liking a woman or
man but can't approach etc.
Imagine the structure of society, the business of marriage, the lawyers, and in
between organisations. Imagine loneliness when Valentine Day comes and the
ongoing bullshit of "the one" and "the soul mate."
Yyou can really feel the sexual tension building up. On surface we all look ﬁne but
deep down we are so fucked up. We are scared.
We can't even approach each other for dating in an honest manner without being
fearful. That's how ridicolous this has become. If we even tease sexually it triggers
fears and "all guys want is sex.."
No. Men accepted their sexuality. They have been masturbating from young age
and have talked about sex openly. That is not so for most women today who don't
get the language of..MAN. It's not that man sees women as sex but rather it is
natural for man to talk openly about it.
It's not so for women to do that openly with man, a stranger, within their social
circle. Most men do so. There is no shame in it for many men. They have
embraced and accepted their sexuality.
I could go on but you need to see the bigger picture.....
All this makes money from the sexual tension that is created. This tension is
directed to activities that make a lot of money.
Fear >>> Control >>> Anxiety and Stress >>>> Spend...Spend...Spend!
Sex is so bad and yet who made 50 Shades of Grey a best book seller which sold
millions. Many women can read and fantasize without being judged, pointed at
and ostracised.
Even the cover of the book was designed without any sexual images or a title that
even hints about sex.
But what if people embraced their sexualities?
What if people embraced their sexuality and they don't need to drink to ﬁnd their
courage? They don't need nightclubs as a way to hunt like predators to approach
women? What if women don't need to have make up, cosmetic surgery to
compare and compete with...other women?
What freedom we can have when we can embrace our sexuality without all these
the fear of these labels? What impact will it have on us to decide we are
accountable for all our decisions and we are responsible for even having sex?
When will we be able to be proud of our sexuality without fear?
How long and how many have to suﬀer, hide, live in sorrow, fear until we we let
go of the shackles that resides in our minds?
It's not going to happen for a very long time.

Maybe not in yours and my life time.
The whole education system has to change.
We have to get rid of fake lies. We have to rip apart religion to see some more lies.
We have to go back in history to ﬁnd more lies. We have to do what scared us the
most. That maybe what we have believed is all lies.
We have to own up and say..
"All this, that we deﬁne ourselves with has imprisoned us all. We have to stop calling
women sluts, whores, too easy. We have to stop calling men players. We have to
stand up for anyone to be proud of their sexuality. We are part of the fucking
problem, Our own children cannot even talk to their parents about these issues and
they go online talking to strangers instead!"
Now you have teenagers sitting with therapist because they so confused, they feel
guilty about their own sexualiuty. They fear even getting social with people due
to all these labels. The social conditioning has hit society hard.
Society as whole is not ready to take responsibility for their sexuality.
People not ready to take responsibility for even their own lives and country.
That's why we got people we don't trust in some big building, making new laws,
new social norms, new rules to dictate our lives and how we see each other.
It's like this now....
"We don't need an enemy. We are our own enemy. Our own spies and we have
become dictators to each other. Following with fear and the blind follow the blind..."
All this comes shapes the mind of women and men.
And it results in this....
When someone doesn't think they are responsible for their action because that
means they have to admit they wanted sex...they try to make you feel shit, make
you think something is wrong with you.
They will blame someone else. Someone close. Someone naive who hasn't much
knowledge. Someone who will believe it's their fault.
It's one of the ﬁrst things most people do.
Remember when we were kids, we're told don' t touch the cookie Jar. The parents
go away and we climbed up and get it some.
They come back and say..
"You naughty bad boy/girl. You took the cookies."
"No, Honest. It was the dog/brother/sister/blah blah."
The brain goes on overdrive, we feel scared and instead of taking responsibility
for our actions we blame someone else or someone very close. It's like everything
we have and who we are is threatened.
The fear if beig judged, ostracised, pointed out by society and by those close to us
feels huge. So we blame someone we know, someone close to us, someone we had
sex with and say it is their fault for having sex.
Even when we know what we say will hurt or sabotage what we want in life.
Now we got double dose of guilt and shame but we rationalise it in our mind
that..

"It's true. I'm a nice, nice girl/boy. Look mummy, daddy! I'm beeing a nice girl/boy.
I'd never mean to do this on purpose. I was inﬂuenced by a player. I was inﬂuenced
by the loser. I am really a nice girl/boy. I was tricked and used..."
There is not a god damn thing wrong with you except you don't know this
knowledge I am sharing with you. You only see the surface without the
psychology and the history of years of social conditioning.
You might just go oﬀ panicking and trying to do some crazy stuﬀ. Instead of
seeing through the eyes of experience and seeing what is really happening so you
can grow, she can grow and understand more of what is going on.
Hey, if you feel like hitting gym, go ahead but don't think this is real reason. Go to
gym for the right reasons. That you feel you want to go because you like training,
you like to be healthy and you like to do it.
But never fall for this lie that it was you because you was fat or you'll carry this for
the rest of your life - and - that is why I have answered in more detail way.
I want you to know what is going on because you won't learn his from text book
and from most people. You won't learn this from school or college. You're parents
won't sit you down and talk about this.
You won't walk into cafes or anywhere of any social gathering to hear people talk
about this. Hell, I just ﬂirt sexually with most women and they fucking hide, run,
worried thay if they do talk, engage that I will see them as too easy, sluts and
whores.
This is something you ﬁgure out from experience, knowledge of a diﬀerent kind if
you are brave and willing to step out of the comfort zone.
This for me to share is not easy. You won't believe the shit that I have to go
through from women and men on private messages.
It's not easy stepping out of the crowd and saying what needs to be said. Like I
said, we are our own enemies.
I know this is crude way of explaining but here goes anyway....
I was with a woman - where we are BOTH NAKED....BOTH and she holds my dick,
looks up to me and say..
"Do you really want to?"
What the hell?
What is this?
Why more games? Why? We're adults. We're both naked for pete sake.
I could have got upset like some immature guy.
I could have made her feel guilty. I could have done many wrong things due to
immaturity, lack of empathy and lack of understanding what is going on.
I could have done what any guy does and be afraid.
I could have lied and even say no I didn't want to make love to her because I think
that's what she's really asking BUT she isn't.
Her behaviour is she's naked and I am naked.
We're on the bed.
If I lie due to fear of loss she will now feel she's not attractive, that I didn't really
want to and I saw her as something else. It will make her even more guilty and
ashamed.

Ah! I have been here before. I know what's going on. I understand.
I replied, "of course I want to."
What I did there is take the responsibility, that heavy thing in her mind by me
saying YES. I said YES and moment I said "of course I do" she was happy. We had
sex and she felt better.
She was worried that I'd see her as a slut, a whore, too easy. It's all the social
conditioning, society, mummy wagging her ﬁnghers that..
"No, no, no. Nice girls don't touch themselves. Nice girls don't have sex. Nice girls
don't do this and that."
On top you have men and women calling other women sluts, whores, too easy
and that goes for young girls using those labels.
That's in her brain right now..
The brainwashing in her mind kicked oﬀ and she is reacting due to this fear.
I learnt to take more time to get to know the woman I am with. To not go too fast
with sex. To build some comfort and make sure woman I am with feels
comfortable, safe and secure.
The mistake you shouldn't do now is start panicking and try and talk to her, and
blah blah blah explaining this and that.
Listen to her behaviour not her words.
1. She is dating you. << behaviour
2. You being fat hasn't stopped her dating you. <<< behaviour.
3. You being fat hasn't stopped her having sex with you <<<< behaviour
4. She is still dating you <<<< behaviour
Listen to her behaviour.
Look beyond the surface of what she is saying.
Now, here's what to do...
When you see her, do not bring it up. Instead, smile, tell her she's awesome, that
you missed her, and take her hand and walk. Reassure her you still like her, by
making sure to keep in touch with her. Converse, Talk, show interest more. Find
out about her. Build that comfort between each other.
Let her know this wasn't about sex and that you are not judging her for having sex
with you by........... seeing her again. Not words but by action.
By not playing guilty yourself for what she said or bitter. By not apologising for
being a man due to fear of loss. By not acting like some victim or sorry for
yourself.
Instead understand as a MAN what is happening.
If we do not learn, understand and keep dumping girls because of challenges,
then when will guys ever learn to be men? When?
See this for what it is. I am not saying be a walk over but here is an opportunity to
learn and see it for what it is. See it without judging her too with any labels. She is
scared of being judged, labelled and so because of this, she reacted in this way.
Now it's up to you if you don't want to date her anymore then that's your decision.
Nothing wrong with that. Just know, this isn't about you being fat. You need to

know this.
Next time, spend more time....with comfort. You probably went too fast and
skipped the comfort stage. That can cause a woman to feel guilty about having
sex too.
This is psychology. This is fear. This is a girl who feels guilt, ashamed about sex.
33k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend admitted to ﬂirting and talking to other girls on
Facebook, pretending he was single. Should I give up on this
relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have doubts which is why you are asking strangers here. That means you
don't trust him and relationship needs trust. Since you won't really trust him then
there is no point being in a relationship.
Trust is fragile.
When broken it plays on your mind and you have to decide to live that way,
thinking whether it he is still doing it or not. To keep asking the question with
him will lead him to maybe feel resentment for telling truth and envitably it
probably break the relationship anyway.
So if you can't live with it and if you feel you'll always wonder then maybe it's best
you move on with a fresh start. Preferrably with someone else or ﬁrst focus on
yourself and enjoy some time with yourself.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Su Kannie

I have trouble ﬁnding men who will date me because most ﬁnd
me too sensitive. How can I ﬁx this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about ﬁxing who you're dating.
I dated a woman who was very sensitive and she was wonderful. I like sensitive
women. It means one can feel what I feel easier and she can feel my emotion
easier than most people will.
You want to date someone who is understanding, who likes you for who you are
and who will not go nuts with you themselves. You know, someone mature,
experienced in life and will understand, who has lived and is calm.
Someone who brings the best out of you and who is patient to see you grow.
That happened with me when I was dating a woman who would do that. It needs
calmness, patience, loving, wisdom not someone going angry at you.
I remember when we dated we talked and she talked about it a lot. So, I became
more patient, more undestanding, giving her time, space, and by being more
supportive than making a drama about it. She herself grow stronger. She was still
sensitive but she was more emotionally strong in that she didn't lock herself away
or cry. Instead she would talk about what upset her at work or even with me. I'd
understand, smile, and not give solutions but listen.
So date a man who will also help you to increase your conﬁdence if you need help
by just being patient and listening. To work together in how to ﬁnd balance. This
is how people get to know each other. None of us are perfect. We all have our
ﬂaws. And sometimes our ﬂaws can be our strengths in certain times too.

Sensitive is good. I like sensitive woman and it needs a man who appreciates who
you are and if you need help, he is there to encourage, to listen too. I'm a mentor
so it is easier for women I've dated in past as I have tools.
You haven't yet found such men yet but they do exist.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why are people using Facebook?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It probably these two but Narcissm is at the top...
1. Narcissm.
From the Greek Mythology - it is the pursuit of gratiﬁcation from vanity, egositic
admiration of one's own attributes.
The story goes..a handsome greek youth called Narcissus rejected the advences of
the Nymth Echo. These were very desperate advances which eventually led the
young to fall in love with his...own self that reﬂected in a pool of water.
Unable to consumate his love, Narcissus stayed at the pool, staring into the pool
for many hours and ﬁnally he changed in a ﬂower. That ﬂower is named after
him..Narcissus.
Now if you look at Facebook with all this talk about how it's connecting people
blah blah....and then see the behaviour of people sharing selﬁes of themselves;
their lifestyle, parties, and adding anyone who isn't really their friends but
strangers....you get to see the connection here.
2. Security
Second part of Narcissm is having lots of people around you to project to them
your world. Projecting what you want them to see and holding back the stuﬀ you
don't want them to see. It is security, making you feel safe that you got your own
crowd to get pats on the back, likes, shares, to control but really there is no
security. It's an illusion.
So Facebook feeds on people's ego.
To want to project ourselves in the world is a Narcssitic impulse in itself.
The thing is, if a person is dissassociated from real life, if they have low self
esteem, if they feel shit, or whatever, then they can in a sense start using
facebook and other social networks to be in this fantasy dream like world.
Hours go by and the person has been doing this everyday and only spends small
time in real world. Their social skills become crap, their opportunities get
smaller, the resources smaller and their conversation skills drop big time.
It is so easy to log on Facebook and internet itself. So easy with the devises we
have. So easy to project the world we live in, our thoughts, whether they real or
not.
I use Facebook myself but I rarely use it. I only use it for the tools for private
messaging as it's easy to use for customers who want to be mentored, coached, or
skype. So depends on the person I'm working with.
I do have photos but it's not like everyday, every week kind of thing.
I think last time I updated was maybe a month ago. So not much of a Facebook
fan or against it. Just sharing what might be a probably motivation for people to
use it.
832 Views · View Upvoters

Is he interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sara, forget looking for signals. Ask him.
I learnt the hard way years ago as a teen and I never look for signals anymore. I'm
more direct so I can get closure. Looking for signals can really mess your head up
and waste your time because...
1. People ﬂirt for fun
2. People ﬂirt out of boredom
3. People ﬂirt to feel good
4. People ﬂirt for ego boost
5. People ﬂirt because they like the person.
You will never know which one if you look for signs, clues, signals until you take
the risk and ask him.
If you spend yourself emotionally investing time, thinking, creating some story
in your mind to later ﬁnd he isn't interested it will hurt you more.
To lower the pain, lower the hurt, you lower the investment by taking the risk
quicker, immediately to ﬁnd out where you stand.
Yes, rejection is scary.
I know most women don't like taking responsibility in taking the risk and even
when a guy is interested most will say no due to fear of being judged as too easy.
Some even have his idea "oh he wants me for sex.."
When this really says "I am not willing to take resposibility and be accountable to
my own choices, own decisions with my sexiuality and what I want in life.
Fear does a lot of strange things to people.
If you want to know, do it quick so you don't invest too much and that way you get
closure quick to either move on or know what to do next.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Uvi

What should I do if my best friend doesn't support my
boyfriend and I dating?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're friend won't support other things too. What you're going to do?
Friend - I don't like holidays.
You - Ooh
Friend - So forget holidays at some exotic beach. It's so..erm..wet. I do not
support you in this idea
You - ok. I won't
Friend - I don't like Pizza. No Pizza's
You - I..erm...ok
Friend - I don't like sex. No sex at all. NEVER, EVER
You - But..I...ok

Friend - I don't like working in a job. I do not support in this idea
You - Ok. I won't get a job,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now here's my life...
Friend - Yo bruv. I don't like this girl you're gong to date
Me - Did I ask your permission? Huh?
Friend - I...erm...well
Me - Listen. Don't cross that line man. Don't talk shit about someone I'm dating
and going to date. Ok?
Friend - Ok. Sorry.
Me - No worries. Come on. We're meeting so, so.
Friend - Ok
--------------------------------------------------It's called....setting boundaries. Yes, even with friends.
Friends are friends but one thing I don't ever let them do is step over the god
damn line on telling me how to live my life.
If they don't like it, that's their problem. I ain't got time for jelousy and I ain't got
time for friends who butt into my business.
That's a line I don't let any friend step over.
Own your decision. Own your life. Take responsibility for your own actions and
don't make friends as excuses for your failures, for decisions you don't make or do
make for that matter.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What if Aliens existence is just a hypothetical concept created
by NASA, to hide their secret projects?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can see it now. Somewhere, far away, in the another universe...
So what you think? Visit this small planet?
Nah. Let's keep watching
Why?
Because it's the best god damn show in the universe.
Hahahaha. You're right. Want some pop corn?
Aye. Give me some of this human funny food
By the way they are discussing about us on Quora
They are a funny bunch aren't they?
Hahaha. Yes they are
;)
619 Views · View Upvoters

If a man loves a woman then why in the world would he leave
her behind and marry someone else? Doesn't love conquer it
all?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The harsh trusth is....
1. Love Does Not Conquer All
It's bullshit when people say it does because it doesn't. There are many people in
and out of relationships. Some been in for years. Love....is not enough. There
needs to be much more than love.
If you depend on love then relationship will fall apart and love won't be there to
save the day. That's like sending some solider into a battle ﬁeld of guns, tanks,
missiles with a bow and arrow.
Love is never enough.
2. Love Is Having Boundaries
Not having boundaries works in romance novels, drama, Hollywood movies
because people love drama. People love to watch conﬂict, the heighten of tension
but not so in life. Welcome to reality.
If a person doesn't have boundaries and making themselves believe they are
doing it for some sad story about how the other partner has no one else then it
will bite them in the ass one day.
You'll hear such people crying, bitching, how they sacriﬁced their time, their life,
did this and that for someone. Have boundaries because if a person doesn't then
human nature will get them walked all over. Human beings are selﬁsh and if they
can get away from being responsible...they will.
The amount of times I have had women say "No" and then weeks later ﬁnd out
they are interested, complaining why I didn't ask them again is crazy. Most
people give me so much bullshit on why I didn't pursue and ask again.
Because I know why it happened. These women we unwilling to take
responsibility to say yes. They were unwilling to be accountable and responsible
for their own decision. This is where playing hard comes from.
So as you can see, human nature - people will avoid to do things due to pain, be
selﬁsh due to pain and do stupid things to avoid pain. Pain to be vulnerable as I
am as a man when I approach with honesty. Since I have strong core values and
since I know what is going on than the nonsense women and men are socially
conditioned with.....I don't get walked over. I gave boundaries that prevent such
games.
People who do ignore their core values and don't have boundaries and call it love
are people who are living in fear of loss. Putting someone on a pedestal and trying
to impress this person. Letting someone waste their time with mind games.
That's not love. That's fear. That's putting someone on a pedestal. Thats'
neediness and desperation.
The person is worried that who they are attracted to and claim to love might walk
away and meet someone else. Have boundaries and you have self respect. You are
educating people that this is the line to not cross no matter what bullshit they
believe and been brain washed with, or...unwilling to be honest.
3. Love isn't perfect
Because we as human beings are not perfect. The perfect person that people fall
in love with.....doesn't exist. So why even bother thinking that person's love or
our own is perfects. It's not. They are not. We are not.

There will be moments in which you can#t stand each other. There will be
moments both don't get each other. There will be crying. There will be hearts
broken. There will be lots of things you never expected love does.
See that we all have ﬂaws.
The peson you love has ﬂaws and so do you, so do we all. Look beyond the ﬂaws
and imperfections. Try to see the good. If a person can't and if they nit pick on
things and then bullshit "but he/she is such a nice person" it's not love.
4. Love Isn't Sex
This is a myth and unfortunately, most can hold sex like some deal, a term, a
transaction to only backﬁre. Falling trap to the social conditioning of "shame"
and invention of "modesty. There is no shame about sex. It is natural for man to
desire sex as it is for woman. To claim man or woman only wants sex is to be
ashamed of one's owns exuality and the course of nature that has been with us
long before the marketing machines that brain washed us to make sex as some
trophy and a deal of some sort.
Then blame it on how the person used them, they only wanted sex. How about
"sex is not enough to keep a relationship going and face up to responsibility no
one used anyone..."
Thinking sex itself is enough. It is never enough. So we shouldn't even have the
audacity to claim man and woman just wants sex. That we are used. That sex is
love when it is not. It never has been and it will never be so.
We all have a choice. We are accountable for our decisions in saying yes than
trying to say we are not responsible for our own decision by assuming..
"oooh I got used. Oh he ust wanted sex."
You hear this a lot from women and men too. Pathetic really. That is saying we are
not responsible for our own actions. No wonder we are in some nanny state when
people do no own the decisions we make in life including sex to then point, judge,
and blame that men or women used us for sex.
No. Sex and love is never enough to keep a relationship going.
Sex isn't love so to even think sex as "oh he used me" is dumb, Sex does not mean
it is love. It means the man and woman are attracted to each other. They are
conﬁdent in their sexuality, it is natural to have sex, no shame about it, they like
each other's body and having sex with each other but...it doesn't mean love.
If a person doesn't have anything else than sex, anything else that isn't about the
bedroom, the fucking on a sofa, the pinning each other on the wall and eating
each other out, the rocking on a table, on ﬂoor....the shower style sex, then it
won't be enough. There needs to be much more outside sex. Much more.
5. Love Is More Than 4 Letter Word.
Love is more than words. Just because someone says, "you mean the world to me,
I love you. I miss you, you're so special than the OTHER GUY/WOMAN" doesn't
mean it's love. These are words.
If the action does not go with the words, it is not love. Love is more than words.
You need to see the words and the action or it means nothing. Far too many fall
for the fancy words and still don't wake up..
"Oh he lied to me and I found out that he has a girlfriend BUT...he told me he did
it because he cared, he didn't want to hurt me, and I'm the one he really loves."
That's not love. That's called a MASSIVE RED FLAG not love.

It be diﬀerent if he said he's not monogamous and was open, honest that he's
dating someone else. But that's not so in this sentence, This is a guy lying, hiding
and then bullshitting some more when caught out.
6. Love Isn't Easy
Challenges will come. It won't be easy. It's not all full of roses, poems and kiss, sex
everyday, romance everyday, happy...happy. There is a need to talk,
communicate, get to know each other at a deeper level. You can be with someone
for 100 years and you will still have something to talk about and still ﬁnd more
about who the person is. There will be problems and both will need to ﬁnd a
solution.
I always see questions like..
"Oh, I don't know what else to talk about with my date."
Then you need to probably go and live ﬁrst, experience life because if you
struggle with such basic level of social skills and one mont you run out what to
say...then Houston..we got problem. It's why I just don't bother answering such
questions. Live ﬁrst. Live so you know how to at least communicatione, talk, and
really love someone. Really communicate at a deep level.
The princess and prince feeling, where they are smiling everyday is awesome is a
fantasy. You will have bad days and good. The love, forgiveness, understanding,
communicatiing helps both lovers see the good outweight the hard times.
When hard comes, love makes you both tough.
It makes both strong but it will not be enough because you will need to believe in
each other to make it work. You will need to believe together. You need to believe
in the love you have and ﬁght for it.
Love is not easy.
7. Love Isn't Forced
Love isn't a deal, it isn't some transaction, it isn't forced in that one things they
can hold back sex and the man/women will keep coming back. It isn't forced by
having a baby and the woman/man will stay together.
It isn't forced by letting someone walk all over you because you fear what you say
oﬀends. It isn't forced when you say..
"She/he is from a rich family, so sophisticated and I am from poor background.
How do I IMPRESS her."
This isn't love. This is fear. This is us forcing things to happen. This isn't honest.
This is us hiding who we are. For how long will you let anyone treat you like shit?
They will get bored treating you like shit and move on to someone who will not
take that crap from such a person.
Love is not forced. It's not a game. It's not manipulative. It's not a trick. It's not
some attraction game too. It's not forced.
Love either happens or it doesn't.
A woman and man can play all the god damn tricks from Hollywood, Romance
novels, magazines, books but it will do no good. It is either there or not. Love is
one of those wonders of the world, a mystery if you like.
Yes, you can have attraction, infatuation but love is diﬀerent.
Attraction/infatuation, the halo eﬀect where you think the light shines from a
man's dick or a woman's pussy will run out.

The beautiful face you fell for will become dull as you begin to learn about this
person. That beauty becomes boring because you will see that face and body
everyday. It becomes so familiar.
Yes, you will even get sick and fucking tired of the handsome man or beautiful
women talking shit about..
"Oooh I am so beautiful and I wish I wasn't. I wish someone sees me for what I am
from the inside. No one sees me."
Yes, you will get sick of it and you will get bored of all this because good looks are
not enough. You get tired of it and realise good looks are so damn common.
Character, being grateful for one has isn't so common.
If love isn't there when attraction is gone, and you don't feel that feeling to know
this person more, then trouble ahead. There is a diﬀerence between infatuation
and love. It cannot be forced. You can be a nice person, a gentlenan but many a
times a woman and man will say..
"I want to break up with someone, they so NICE, they so AMAZING but...I am not in
love with this person. How do I break up without hurting them."
They'll get hurt either way. No matter what.
Because....
8. Love Also Hurts
Yes, when someone you love says something mean to you, it hurts. When
someone you love cancels and gives some shitty excuse, it hurts. When someone
you love doesn't pull their weight, it hurts. When you love someone and they
don't love you back, it hurts.
Far too many people fall into this trap where someone will treat them like shit,
walk all over them, cheat on them, lie and STILL they will be with this person
because..."I love this person."
Having self respect, loving yourself, walking away also hurts. Walking into the
unknown and afraid of the unknown hurts. Yes, loving yourself can also be a
brave bold steps that can hurt because you are stepping out of your comfort zone
but in time, you will become stronger and it will become a feeling of
awesomeness. You deserve much better.
You deserve to be with someone who loves you than someone who treats you like
shit. Love also feels good. Love will make you believe all is possible. Love will
bind you together against the most toughest challenges when you have other
things come together to face the storms ahead.
But it is not enough. It needs other things as well.
9. Love Goes Beyond The Looks
In the beginning, you may see someone and he has crooked teeth. He may have a
rotten teeth here and there and you'll not want to even date the person. But when
you know someone for sometime, when you have loved together, when they
change in appearances, it won't matter as much.
Isn't that amazing?
That if they saw you for the ﬁrst time and you got fucked up teeth, they are like...
"NO WAY! That's a deal breaker blah blah blah."
But when something happens, something, whatever, illness, or whatever and you
got fucked up teeth but this person has loved you, known you, dated you, fucked
each otehr for long time, been through shit together....they are like this.,.

"Meh. It's just teeth. We can FIX THEM ANYWAY. I know this man, this woman. I
love this man, this woman. He/she has been with me, makes me laugh, has so
much passion, makes me feel wonderful, so kind, amazing, and ok...querky but
fuck the teeth. We can ﬁnd some money and ﬁx them!"
See the diﬀerence now.
Imagine if we were like that in an ideal world but...we it's like love. We don't live
in an ideal world and people will judge you, their brain will say something even if
they deny and even if they don't say it!
I don't mean they let themselves go but I mean, we grow old, we have ﬂaws, and
we have imperfections, we grow ill, we make dumb mistakes...and all you see is
that person you met way back.
You don't even see the rot, the ﬂaws, the imperfections because all the love they
have showed, the trust they gave honoured, the giving, those many memories,.
the being there when no one believed in you....gets you to see them from
the,,INSIDE.
You don't even see the damn rotten teeth, or how tall or short they are, or how
they losing hair, or got a bit of a belly.
Weird isn't it? But that's what happens when you know someone who you love, so
well. It just is what it is.
Love goes beyond looks for now there is comfort, trust, feeling safe with this one
person, and even if they got some belly, or lines on a face..this is someone you
love. All these don't matter much because of OTHER things.....the memories, the
character of the person, the other things outside the Disney kind of love.
That's why love doesn't conquer all
It's never enough.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I am 23. I have been rejected by 8 girls till now, all of whom I
liked. I am tired of rejections and feel like a loser all the time.
I've damaged my career signiﬁcantly in the pursuit of girls and
I feel terrible. What are some suggestions?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First 8 rejections is very small mate. Very small indeed. What you're on about? I
had 45 rejections before I dated a woman BUT I learnt as well, I got a dating coach
as well, and I didn't mess up my career or social circle.
Now I'm dating multiple women.
Second, there is no much detail in your approach from beginning to end but
already I can tell your mindset is not there and - what you've invested in in
regards to knowledge in woman psychology etc.
You need a dating coach or you're seriously going damage your reputation and
mess up your career.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why did he not tell me he had a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"He does it because he doesn't want to hurt my feelings.."

No, he is saying the words he knows you want to hear. Wake up. There is one thing
I follow with women when dating. It is the same with you and a man.
Please read this...and appreciae love does not conquer all...
Adam Taha's answer to If a man loves a woman then why in the world would he
leave her behind and marry someone else? Doesn't love conquer it all?
I do not put much stock on what people say. I look at people's behavaviour and I
also know love is not enough.
If a woman tells me, "I'll leave him you know, blah blah" then this means nothing
to me but manipulation. I want action not words. Action.
If a woman likes me but her actons doesn't show it then I know pain is greater for
her than pleasure. I know her own insecurities is greater than getting to know me.
I know that either she isn't interest or she things to deal with.
I'm not naive. I can see what's going on. So I move on.
Now I don't have this problem much because I'm not monagamous. However, he
lied. He continues to lie as he tells you sweet words.
He didn't tell you because he wanted his cake and eat it.
Now don't get me wrong. There is nothing wrong with sex. It's natural. I am not
falling for all this nonsense in society how someone uses someone for sex blah
blah. If two people are honest, if they want to date others but still see each other
and are honest...great. Awesome.
But this isn't the case.
You want to believe that he did this because he so cared for you. That you were so
close because you're afraid of loss. You're afraid of being alone. You think it
doesn't get better than this.
You might think love is enough but it's not. Even good looks, isn't enough. Even if
you do everything for someone...it won't be enough.
His behaviour contradradicts what he says. You're not seeing clearly. You're not
seeing the red ﬂags and red ﬂags of what's to come.
HINT..
He is still.............with..............her!
It's all talk.
Words he knows you like to hear.
You're the...STANDBY.
The girl he keeps hooked until he has had his fun and then when done, he knows
you are there, ready to forgive and walla.
Men do it and so do women. It's not a gender issue. It's a person who lies to you
and isn't being honest.
You can't see the forest for the trees. You're blinded by your own need to believe
in his words and how he does it because he cares.
Focus on his behavior. His action. He is with her. The pattern repeats. Look at the
patterns of behaviour not just his words.
17k Views · View Upvoters

What is something you are proud of about yourself?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Life Lessons: What is something about yourself you are really proud of?

I lived a life that is very hard for people to believe. .
Adam Taha's answer to What is a true personal story that people have a hard time
believing?
I believed and still believe, you got to take risks. You can't wait for someone to
approach you, waiting for opportunities, waiting for life to get better. Instead you
use whatever you got and make it happen.
We'd be surprised we don't really need a lot.
We don't need to know everything.
We have a planet of people who have resources and know more than we do.
One then learns to build connections, trust and doors will ﬂy open if we are
willing to just take the risk. If we are willing to show life we can use what we have
to get more of what we want ﬁrst.
If we are willing to learn and willing to lead to get the ball rolling. If we are also
willing to give value, share value but to those who show they respect the time,
eﬀort, knowledge and experience. Not giving to everyone because everyone won't
respect our time, skill, expertise and experience.
So we go for what we want, make it happen for the right reasons instead of
seeking validation, acceptance and ﬁt in etc cetre.
So I'm proud of to have lived a life people have a hard time believing.
When they say that, I know I have lived big.
883 Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl so I told her about it and how I could not control
it. why did she get mad when I did not text her for two days?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most women especially who say "I don't know" are saying, "I don't want to take
responsibility for saying yes. Because I don't want you to think I'm a slut, a whore,
too easy. I am saying I don't know as an open clause to not take responsibility for
my actions.."
In other words, one of the biggest mistake guys make is they....move....too.....fast.
That doesn't mean you don't approach and tell a woman she's attractive or cute,
and good looks are far too common so you like to more about her. Then you ﬂirt,
be fun, light hearted, tease fun way and converse. To later lead to other actions
like exchanging numbers.
However, I feel you moved too fast:
1. You went and confessed feelings instead of keeping it light hearted, fun.
2. She felt awkward when you did that.
3. Her knee jerk reaction kicked in
"I can't say YES to that. That's way too much for me and also, he doesn't know me in
that way to say that. If I say YES to that, then I will blamed and seen as a slut,
whore, too easy. I will say I don't know and see what happens. That was so damn
awkward."

The second...
You looked at what she said...and not what she DID.
She said I don't know and yet....you got her number. You didn't text and yet she
got upset. She's interested but you got to slow down with confessing, romantic
stuﬀ. and asking her out.
Don't do that early on.
You're triggering her knee jerk reaction of years of social conditioning.
You need to slow down. Build more attraction and comfort.
Personally, for me, if a woman says she doesn't know, I won't bother with her.
She's undecisive but it rarely happens.
It rarely happens because I don't confess feelings.
I know you got all these feelings and want to tell her but believe me, it does creep
a woman out. It would creep a guy out if a girl said that to him.
I make everything light hearted. I ﬂirt, be fun and converse. I see her response. I
paint picture what could happen with me..
"I hope you like going out to see blah blah."
"Yes I do like that. I wanted to go to blah blah but blah blah."
She is complying with me. She is showing she's interested. She isn't saying, "NO, I
don't like that. No, not into that but she's giving alternatives on what she does
like."
I listen and I think I will now invite her to a date without...labelling it as one so
she doesn't feel it's so serious.
"Listen then," I say, "I am going to meet some friends this week but I know this
great place to check out and like to get to know you better than just your good
looks. I can meet you after meeting my friends."
"Ok blah blah"
"Here," I give her my phone, "add your number and I'll get yours and leave it to
me.
It's not awkward. I haven't confessed feelings. I still showed I'm interested in her.
I made my intent clear to her without burdening her with too much confessing.
I've ﬂirted, conversed, be light hearted, fun and seen if she's interested in me and
want to go out.
Here's an idea if get such "I don't know blah blah.."
Next time, when you approach, don't confess feelings of romantics, how you so
into her and all that. |Pull back. She doesn't know you in that way even if she's a
good friend. This is attraction not comfort or seduction stage.
Keep it down a little, be more fun not seriious or she will feel awkward. Make it
easier for her to say yes. Slow it down a few notches.
Do not send questions. No more questions. No more about going out.
Keep it fun, light hearted and then later bait her out if you still want to try. No
questions. Be fun.
Make her feel fun.
Leading to the date using text/phone..

And when you do so through week, not hours on text. Just a text here, and next
day if she responds, a text there, and then a couple of days later a text here. Fun.
Make her feel alive.
Then when you see she's lighten up a bit say..
"I am going to meet some friends this week but I know this great place to check
out. Let's go and check it out. Wednesday 7pm or thursday?"
If she says "I don't know."
Move on. She's had her chance. It's over. No giving her attention and she cannot
make decisions. You found out what you need to know and you gave her the
chance. Now take it away from her and move on.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is highly proper and mannered because of th
environment she was raised in what are some things I can
make sure to do not to oﬀend her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she was brought up so reﬁned, she won't be pissed oﬀ over small things. Listen
mate, I dated a woman who her dad is a poltician and he's rich. They even have
their own god damn jets. It's one of his businesses building jets.
I didn't put her on a pedestal and when she tried to even make a drama, I made
sure to pull her up on them. Not everything as that's silly but somethings I did
and that's because no matter where she cames from, she's still human beings and
I have boundaries.
Rich or not, I have boundaries and self respect.
If someone ﬁnd who they date is some some wuss they can walk all over believe...they will walk all over. If they know the person they are with worships
the ﬂoor they walk on, they will deal with you harshly.
I don't mean be some wife beater. I don't mean be an asshole but mate, have some
self respect. You don't go oﬀ trying to looking up at a woman, worried she might
get so upset of some small things.
Pull her up on it and talk. Speak up. Let her know the boundaries and have the
balls to walk away if she thinks she can talk shit to you.
I'm from the streets. She was from a rich family background. It didn't mean a
thing to me. Take all her clothes oﬀ, her status, and all that most attach to and she
is a woman, a human being with a mind and body.
Don't see her as some princess. Don't see her as fragile. Respect her but don't lose
yourself respect in the process.
Do yourself a favour...
Don't put anyone on a pedestal and try to rise up to that pedestal. Instead have
make sure you know your core values and boundnaries. Don't be afraid to be
vocal in a polite way and if she's not having it...ok...walk away.
You need balls to show you are unwilling to compromise cerain values and you
are not going to let her know she can be this way in the FUTURE with you. This is
why then present, how you bvehave now is crucial.
Do not behave like some guy who she thinks she can walk all over but also don't
be that guy who hurts her with mind games. Just be a man. A man of self respect.
A man who is not ashamed where he came from and who he is.

You don't want to walk on broken glass in a relatonship.
Nip things in the bud earlier on.
That's where many make mistakes. In the beginning.
235 Views · View Upvoters

What is a true personal story that people have a hard time
believing?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Updated Oct 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She was staring at me. This woman with sexy red neck laced dress, ﬂowing red
curls and pale white skin with freckled cute nose.
"My friend told me and I had to meet you. Is the story true?"
"Which one do you want to hear?"I said, "there are far too many adventures I've
been on."
"The one about being stuck in England. The streets."
"Ok but only if you walk home with me and you don't interrupt. I'm not sharing it
for you to believe anything. It is what it is.."
"Ok."
I put my hand out, she grabbed it, said bye to her friends. We walked in the night
as I shared the story I am about to share.....with you right here.
The Man Without A Country
Our story starts where I am a young boy. I stepped on a plane on my own to meet
my parents in London Gatwick airport.
This photo is of me taking days after ...(I show her a photo in my wallet. This is
the one right here)

Coming To England
I'm in England and I have been thrown into school full of rules that didn't work
much for me. As I got older I needed to expand my wings. I didn't follow the path
most did and you'll learn why another time.
I left school and did my own thing. My parents were too busy. Dad working in
Steel works busting his ass and mum looking after 6 children.
As a young man I travelled to diﬀerent cities in England, living a double life none
of my parents would know about or anyone else. I came back for one ﬁnal time
when I was 18 year old to ﬁnd all brothers and sisters got British Citizenship
but...I didn't.
The papers I came with to England were lost.
Getting new passport and birth certiﬁcate from the country I came from was
going to take years. The country is steeped with corruption.
Worse!
The laws in England are changing very fast.
Wars breaking out, terrorism kicking oﬀ and suspicion is high. Lots of hate, lots of
anger and lots of mistrust. I am totally screwed. My dream to ﬂy to around the
world. take photographs, be this guy who writes about all the things I see,
running through battle zones, through amazon Jungle, through warriors lands,
through New York City and the Bornx came to an abrupt end.

The dreams of singing around the world and painting landscapes and women I
meet in diﬀerent world on canvas also came to a quick end.
I was stuck and the country I came from and the country I was now living in
wouldn't acknowledge my existence.
It can't get any worse than this, right?
Without these papers you cannot even open a bank account and no one will take
you on if you didn't show legitimate papers that you can work. They are too
scared that if they do they'll be sued or hit hard by the system.
So I was stuck.
In one hand I wanted to work hard and make ideas happen. In the other, no
company would take me on. I couldn't leave.
Stuck in world of credit scores, social pompus status and politics. I should be
literally screwed because without these papers you can't even plan ahead. What's
the use of planning anything now, right?
The very thing I walked away from and from the country I came from....is
happening all over again.
The funny thing is, I later watched a movie and even when it was ﬁnished I
couldn't get oﬀ my seat. It was as if it was telling my story except my terminal was
the fucking country itself...

The movie descripiton:
When Viktor Navorski (Tom Hanks), an Eastern European tourist, arrives at JFK
in New York, war breaks out in his country and he ﬁnds himself caught up in
international politics.
Because of the war, the Department of Homeland Security won't let him enter or
exit the United States. He's trapped in an airport-- indeﬁnitely.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm in a country where not one oﬃcial will recognise my existence. I've gone
through school, college and got history of medical record but it's not enough. The
doctors who knew me for years won't help and vouch for me either.
Everyone is scared. Everyone is looking after nunber one.
I had some strategies though...
#1 - Be a Superhero and save someone and have all TV crews there. This will get
the Prime Minister to give me a free pass and british citizenhship papers.
#2 - Stand in near the gates of Buckingham Palace and sing God Save The
Queen..in ARABIC.
They'd take notice of my dire situation then and since the country I came from
won't take me in; they'd probably give me a british passport and thank god I ﬂew
anywhere out of England.
#3 - Find an attractive rich woman, seduce her and she'll pay some hot shot
lawyers to sort the problem out.
None were feasible.
So what now?
I can't get a job. I can't enroll to do a course. They need some paper, an I.D. I can't
do shit.

Well, let's see how the story unravels...
I arm myself with knowledge ﬁrst...
I went to library and got stuck in. You know, those things where if you got
discipline, focus you'd ﬂy through the grades like it was pissing easy.
For hours on end I invested time in every kind of psychology book I could ﬁnd. I
devoured each page. I read marketing books, sales books, books on inﬂuence,
social dynamics, structure of society, social norms, law books, history etc cetre.
I was so familiar to the city centre library, that I had an orgy in the oﬃce. Two
women who worked there. Very smart women. Intelligent and attractive. They
got to know me very well.
You won't think they were bold, daring, brave and fearless.
Well..they were.
So brave, they got me in an oﬃce and well, you can imagine the sexual pleasures
we had. It was heaven that lasted for a year.
Leaving My Home Town
I wanted a fresh start until I ﬁgured out how to sort this problem out. An
opportunity came. from a friend who driving to visit an exhibition in another city
called Birmingham.
After the exhibition I said.
Me - I'm going to stay.
Friend - But you don't know anyone here. You crazy?
Me - I know but there is nothing back there for me. I got to move on.
I watched him drive away and I never saw him again. I hear from his mother and
friends that he went to university for ﬁlming and became a ﬁlm producer in
Hollywood.
I found myself in Birminham, with just the clothes on my back. It's 10pm, the
cold biting my hands and face. It's pouring down heavy with rain and hail stones.
I ran inside a Telephone Booth. I slept there until the morning...

Homeless, fresh new start, I turned my skills singing in the street. I had a
Harmonica so I did some blues songs.
As the days weeks went by I began to ﬁnd a small hidden world such as cafes that
give soup, bread, tea for free. I discovered buses that park 11.3opm at night giving
food. The night came alive when people went to sleep.
The People I met In The Street
I began to meet beggars who were once CEO's, managers, musicians who won
record deals and ended up broke. To people who lost their homes due to bad
decisions. I met a scientist who lost his credentials for doing something
fraudulent. I also met a lawyer who got caught doing backhand deals with gangs.
Then there was a guy who fought in wars and is up to his eyeballs in anger,
resentment and loneliness. Then the guy who sees people of diﬀerent species and
they tell him the world is coming to an end. He was let out of the mentally ill
place because government cuts.
There was also the student who was abused and lived his life in hiding from
relatives. I met others who had amazing skills but messed up by drugs and

alcohol. Each person had a story of their own and each one was too tired to ﬁnd a
way out.
I met another woman, who lived in the streets. We dated.
We dated, we loved, we pleasured ourselves without worrying about money or
what anyone thought. She knew I wanted to make something of myself.
She dissappeared for a while. I thought she was dead somewhere. She later
appeared with money. She worked to buy me a suit she knew I liked.
Then she dissappeared again. She left to go to her family.
I still have this suit ;). It's hanging with all my expensive suits. It is my favourite
suit from all the £300+ suit that's tailor made and the shiny shoes.
Finding Work
In a world of CV's, qualiﬁcations and working papers, I had to ﬁnd a diﬀerent way
to get work. I began to keep my ears on the ground and soon found out one guy
had this big massive property. He just didn't know how to ﬁll it and City Council
was acting like some bitch.
So I said to him..
Me - I'll solve you this problem.
Him - You can ﬁll my place and get the council to pay too?
Me - Yes but on 3 conditions
Him - Ok
Me - The ﬁrst it is health and safety. You need to put some money in man.
Second, don't ask me about qualiﬁcations bullshit and third, don't ask how I do
things. I'll ﬁll this place in and by beginning of next month and you will make
money from each tenant. DEAL?
Him - Deal.
Me - Sign this because word don't count for me and nor for you
He reads and signs.
I head oﬀ to ﬁnd diﬀerent organisations and I ﬁnd someone whose job is to help
others get accommodation. He gets bonuses from organisation he works for. He's
sitting outside smoking a cigeratte.
Me - Hey, I talked to reception and said I'd ﬁnd you here. You are (his name)?
Him - Yes.
I sit down next to him, take out a cigeratte and tell him I can get him at least 30
bonuses by end of next month if he helps me out in ﬁlling a place up that I have
access to.
His eyes light up.
He hasn't had bonus in months. His friend has and his friend has boasting all
these months. He's getting promoted. He wants to get his revenge.
Me - Well then, this is your chance to wipe his fucking smirk oﬀ his face and you
can put money on that new car.
He agrees and starts getting people ready. He tells me who to speak to someone
he knows at City Council. He can give me the go ahead if...the health and safety is
done.

In same week I head of to City Council and talk to a woman. She wants to see
place and she does, and health and safety is OK!
KABOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Place is ﬁlled. I get my money and everyone else gets there.
Landlord is happy and tells me he knows other landlords too - and I realise there
are two rules to this world with a lot of deals going on. Deals most people do not
know a god damn thing about.
I learnt a great deal who this city makes money from landlord and how landlords
do too but also the challenges. Amazing what you learn and the deals that go on
behind tax payers back.
I learnt how millions is being made from homeless, with hostels everywhere and
organisations in between. Money being moved, everyone making fucking money
and everyone complaining about homeless peope the bastards.
I learnt how government making money in the billions from immigration you
would not believe. You don't hear this shit in newspapers do you. All you hear is
diﬀerent umbers, how many come in, how many do this and how many do that.
Blame, blame, blame and yet SOMEONE is making MONEY! Lots of it!
The newspapers won't tell you this. The TV won't. Magazines won't. Hollywood
won't.
Hell, even this story is hard for you to believe because you live in a world so
closed oﬀ you don't know what's going on in your city and around world. All we
ever know is what they want us to know.
One rule for you and a hidden secret rule for those who rule the city and
countries.
I solved my accommodation problem for a while.
I tried living in this hostels but there are so many thieves, too many mentally ill
ands far too many things going on that I don't feel safe. I try. I really do but I just
ﬁnd myself lost in world of people unable to move, up to their eyeballs with
depression it makes you feel depressed.
I had to walk away from comfort because this comfort was far to deadly to your
mind, spirit and body.
This landlord gave me one of the rooms and someone, a lawyer comes to visit me.
"I need your help and I'll pay good."
"Depends what it is."
He later explains. I like the work. Gives me a good feeling but I don't know a god
damn thing bout graphic design or how to make prototype stuﬀ.
I ﬁnd a university of arts. I ﬁnd some students needing money and I tell them
they will get money to go out, drink and more. Cash no problem.
They get busy creating ideas from my sketches I did.
Two week later I meet the students, they give me the prototype models and
printed the marketing materials. I ask them to follow me so I can get the money
and then pay them. They agree.
I got paid. I ﬁnd the students and pay them more than I said. They are happy.
I learnt something new.

Always pay more than what you said you would. People will love to work for you
and appreciate it.
A new problem opened up.
I had to leave and ﬁnd a new accommodation.
The lawyer said he spoke to a woman and she said I can stay there.
Now I got a guitar, an amp and I am sleeping in plush studio. I'm sleeping and I
wake up to a sound. Door opens and it's a tall blonde woman dressed in a white
neckshort dress that squeezed her breast together to reveal the fullness of her
cleavage.
"So you're Adam?"
I get up and I only got shorts on. She's smiling. #
"Like a drink Adam?"
"Yes sure."
It was her place and...it end up to be an amazing night. 8 week later, she has to
sell the place. I move into a diﬀerent place to crash with her help. The romance
and sex, and fun continued for another 8 months.
It's All About The Music
I am singing in the streets. I am proud of my new guitar and amp and I'm giving it
some in the streets. A short woman walks up and gives me a ﬂyer and a business
card.
She tells me there is a music festival but I need a band.
Her - have you band?
Me - Of course. Yes.
Her - Give me a call so we see and we put you in for the line up.
Another principle I began to be conﬁdent with.
Just say yes and learn the shit and get it together. The books I once read about
leadership and being innnovative are working for me. I only begin to realise how
the brain can help if you give it the tools and thinking you need.
I start getting a band together and...I'm leading a band that has no god damn
name. We rehearse some songs I've written. I haven't done this before. I'm just
winging it and hope we get this right. I have no idea what the hell am doing.
Time passes, we are ready and we get to meet the woman and her team.
We play. They like. They think we're fucking crazy but they like. All songs about
sex, fucking, drinking and "screw the world."
We're in the line up.
We make some stupid band name..
"NoName."
Well we had no ideas. My marketing mind wasn't working well but it will do.
We perform. The people love it or they think we're so crazy they just went for it.
One of the guys who plays guitar got so exciting and breaks his guitar.
Then realised what he has just done. Now he has to go buy another one. That's
emotions for you. It's ok doig that when you got money but right now, well,
fucking dumb move. We're here trying to make money not lose it.

I give him my guitar for helping me out.
I like the festival and have an idea.
I'm now developing festivals for others. Well, if she and her friends can do it then
so can I. That's what I did and I included the band in the line up.
Again, I see where the money is. There IS MONEY FLOATING and you just don't
know it yet. MONEY. If this money don't get used it get burn. Don't believe there
is no money. There IS MONEY. You just got to know where to look and get in with
the people who know about his shit.
I ﬁnd out how organisations tap into millions of dollars of...TAX PAYERS MONEY.
Lots of funding. The big organisations meet and they get the big cut. They make
sure to squeeze anyone else out.
The small ones get some money and they try squeeze any individual out.
Believe me, you get 5 people, don't ﬁght over money and register it as some
organisation, bang someone who is a treasure and so forth, then get your foot in
to show you're face for some organisations to trust you...and you're in.
You might not get the millions but you will access the thousands!
MONEY. FUCKING MONEY! Floating everywhere and you hear every god damn
day you are broke, there is no money, debt, recession. If only my dad could see all
this. If all my friends could see all this.
They would be so pissed oﬀ but probably, like this story, won't believe until they
can see it all in front of their faces.
Yes, there are two rules. One for the common folks and one who know the game,
and know how to play it. My mind and eyes are beginning to open on how far the
rabbit hole goes.
We tour, sing, make money, have sex with lots of women, sing some more,
keeping away from drugs and even cannabis because for some reason - when I
smoke weed my whole body freezes.
It just doesn't go down to well for me. I just smoked cigarettes instead.
As everyone are having fun and woman on my lap, my mind is far away. I'm
wondering about how to ﬁx the British Naturalisation and Passport. I can feel the
hunger to travel.
It bugs me but then I am pulled up by some women and it's pushed to the back of
my mind for a while.
I never really understood what this quote really meant until I kept doing more of
what I was doing..
"Try not to be a man of success but rather be a man of value.."
Albert Einstein was a clever bastard. Way ahead of me.
I ﬁnd many talented people who are stuck. They got talent but no idea about
marketing and selling. I ﬁnd single mums, dads, unemployed and people working
in companies that treat them like shit.
They want to move on but don't know how. They are scared. Some have poor
credit score and track record that is on paper.
The doors seemed closed for them.
I understand their problem.
They are stuck. I know how it feels.

So I make some calls and we have our own seminar in a shit cafe. Every day, I talk
about marketing, psycology, branding, copywriting and on it goes.
Then we get to work revamping CVs, interview techniques with..
"Forget doing average. Do more than ANY average person does. You have no choice
but to do so and don't say yes to ﬁrst job or opportunity you get. This time, you got to
make sure you make the right decision.."
It takes work but they get their foot in the door in new jobs they like. The now
believe it works and...
They tell me about their young. That they not good at learning and not doing well
in school. I ﬁnd out they need hands on practical approach.
Everyone learns diﬀerently.
Some academic way and some practical. This is the language diﬀerence and no
one was listen.
I listen. I understand. They feel stuck. I know what it feels like.
I show them the practical hands approach. I use the contacts I've built and tap
into them to help these folks. I show them a world of record studios, music, arts,
video production, photoraphy, product design and I ﬁnd money to build
workshops that do that.
Some grow with conﬁdence to later do a course in college, others do a degree in
university and some become DJ's later on for night clubs. Some become video
producers and some love photography. Practical stuﬀ. Some become fashion
designers and others become mechanics.
Some become product designers.
I never see me again.
I have to move on.
Moving To Other Cities In England
I leave the band and go solo. I am singing, selling, meeting women, sex, dance,
crashing here and there. No home.
Just moving from one place.
I do things for the feeling. I don't do anything that doesn't make me feel alive. I
also ﬁgured, if I create something and put the name of someone else, I got their
damn attention.
I created magazines and banged the name of some guy who runs an organisation.
I get his attention. It make him look good to funders. I tell them I don't want to
work for him but consult - and he agrees.
I write for it, design for it, get it all ready - and he pays to print and distribute it. I
get paid for each issue and for fee of designing.
People like the no bullshit articles and interviews.
It runs for a year. I am feeling the need to keep marching forward. I move on.
What happened to magazine?
It dies. They try to write to please funders and not write from the heart for the
readers. Biggest mistake many organisations do.
Can You Do 3D?
I meet a man who is a friend of someone I've done work for. He asks if I know

anything about 3D design? He's designed a new type of Golf Sport equipment. I
ask what is he looking for and he opens his bag and shows me what he wants.
Shows me an example.
"Can you do it like this but better?
"It be done." I said.
What he doesn't know is - I don't know a god damn thing about 3D animation. I
have never, ever done it before.
He said he needs it in one week. I tell him it will cost much more. He doesn't care.
He'll pay. He gives deposit and leaves.
He leaves and I run downstairs, to a Telephone booth and call someone.
"Hey, I got a job for you. You'll love this."
"But...
"You know the rent you don't know how you're going to pay?"
"Yes?" he says.
"This will pay it and you'll have some left to go on two holidays and not some
cheap shit holiday either. You're in or what?"
"I'm in."
"I am coming right now. Where are you?" I ask.
I get a Taxi and head over to his place.
The Delivery...
One week later the man arrives and my 3D animator friend is with me. We have
printed visuals on big presentation boards and...the animation in diﬀerent ways
on a computer.
He loves it but then says..
"Didn't you say you know animation."
I smile and reply, "I said it will be done. I didn't say I know animation. Now pay
up the rest."
He laughs. pays up and says he has more work. He wants me to come to Scotland
for a month.
Me - I don't know
Him - I know some red head women who love to meet you?
Me - OK, deal. Let's go.
I go and work with some inventors and their 3D Animators. I also meet women in
Scotland. Beautiful, smart, intelligent inventors. I date one of them for a month
and what amazing time.
I get paid, My work is done and I head back....
Back in Birmingham
I am still having problems with a stable home. I'm still moving around. As I'm
walking the street smoking a cigar like an idoit, and nearly choking from it; a man
in a car stops beside me..
"Hey, are you that guy who blah blah blah."

"Yes."
"I need you're help."
"Is there money and a place to stay?."
"Yes, just tell me what you want and if you can do this, you get both."
He drives me to some place with other guys and women. They tell me young in
streets, they lost and need someone who get them stop doing the damage in the
area. They've tried and it's not working.
So I agree. I like the feel of it. I can talk all day long.
I go into the streets where the gangs suppose to hang out and get an empty milk
box crate...

And I ﬂip it and stand on it - and talk.
Anyone scared about rejections? Don't do this :P
I talk and do this everyday for an hour. No one cares but there is one thing I know
about this. People don't trust easily except what is familiar.
For now they just walk by. I was driven there and dropped. Then picked up later.
Back and forth and none listened for a while.
Then a remarkable thing happened....
One guy standing in front of me. Then another and another. One month goes by
and the street was full of people listening.
I remember everything I've been through. I see it all in my mind and I can feel the
burn inside my gut and chest. I let it rip....
"They let you down.Didn't they? They promised you but didn't deliver, didn't they?
Every one has let you down. Right? Parents, teachers, your girlfriend, boyfriend,
friend and your neighbour. Everyone. You cannot trust anyone today because
someone is going backstab, steal your girlfriend, boyfriend, your job and even take
your home from you. Even the organisations who used your name, took your money,
paid themselves a wage and left when it got real bad.
Everyone judging you from how you dress, the colour, what you do in life and
everything else. People judging but won't lift a fucking ﬁnger to help you. You're
either a no god damn loser, a slut, a whore, a too easy, a no good son, a player, an
asshole, a jerk, someone going nowhere. Everyone thinks they know who you are.
When they don't know SHIT ABOUT THEMSELVES. Never mind you.
But before you go use these as reasons to unleash your frustrations in your backyard
- let me tell you a story, of young person like you. A young person who had no
country, no home, nothing...and yet...here he stands talking to you..."
And so I share the story as I share with you....
They stood there for an hour, listening as some gangs started to appear. They
didn't do anything but stood at the back listening.
I ﬁnished with..
"Now..TELL ME...WHAT DO YOU WANT TO HAPPEN AND WE'LL DO THIS
TOGETHER."
(POLICE show up with their vans. The street is full of people. People in houses,
opening their windows watching)

I wait for their answer...
I get oﬀ the milk crate and the so called Hooligans, the gangs, the people who
suppose to be causing problems didn't do anything but said..hello.
They wanted to know what to do.
They said some came but always left and did nothing. It was all promises. They
didn't know where to start and their parents just too busy and don't understand.
Their community doesn't understand.
For the next two years I was back and forth...
We hire a big hall and 800 people coming in listening as I talk from every god
damn thing I can fathom. From why they scared, to social conditioning history, to
developing purpose, goals and on it goes, to breaking it up to workshops.
Two years of just doing that and it gets bigger that we have to move it to a bigger
place.
I didn't have to do much.
The organisation had all the stuﬀ to help them and people power. I just got on
stage and talked and designed materials so they have what I said on paper. .
The streets were cleaned.
No more graﬃtti on walls. No more broken glass. The area was buzzing with a
new park for the children to play in. New shops started to open and things
became better. Tighter relationship with colleges and parents realising they need
to get stuck in.
Some I hear went back to college.
Some become youth workers, teachers, doctors, designers and one woman
became an architect who opened her own business with...her dad.
And some...I couldn't help and who moved away doing the same old shit. Drugs,
stealing and more ﬁghts. Whatever. Same old story.
Throughout the journey, people began calling me by a name..
The One...Dark Angel...

The secret was out but by that time, I have grown to age of 40 years.
News travelled far and wide even to the country I came from. Newspapers there
and broadcast TV companies aired news under the name of the One Dark
Angel.....
One because I have many skills.
Dark - much of my work was done from day to late at night.
Angel because I gave like to give, help people, but only the serious ones with
commando style coaching and mentorship.
I began winning awards in UK too with a personal story that is hard for most
people to believe in...

Uncertain of The Future But Got A Permenant Home
I began to settle a little. I had my my own place and living in London. I am dating
multiple women and they all know where we all stand. I was busy doing lots of
things in the creative world and happy...

One of the women I am dating picked one book out of many I wrote but never
published. I got them made on a print demand service online.
Many of the books on shelves ﬁlled with stories and knowledge I've learnt over
the years. She picked the one about my life and read the other two books too that
continue the story.

She started to gather a historical journey of everything she could ﬁnd about me.
From medical, school, college, everything she could. Like a map, tracking every
move, the people I still have contact with....from beginning to the present. She
got signatures of many people. She went through my telephone diary. One after
another getting them to write letters of testimony.

She didn't believe the stories until she started to receive the letters one by one.
She also contacted the school I once went to as a teen.
You won't believe it.
"Sorry but the school got burnt down and all records went with it."
As she kept digging for more data - I kept doing what made me feel alive. I still
have far too much energy. I needed to do more...

We got the money, applied for british naturalisation and this time, sent the many
letters and letters from doctors, lawyers, inventors, mayors and on and on.
Then something happened....
It usually takes 6 months but I got a reply in 3 days. They said I will get the British
Naturalisation. It suppose to take more time, but I could book and have it done in
two days.
After 25 years, with convincing the oﬃcials from my country to give me a new
Birth Certiﬁcate, I was able to get the the Yemeni a passport.
In getting the Yemeni Passport...I was ﬁnally sworn in for my British
Naturalisation. I went to the Cermony this year of March 2016.
But no matter. I thanked them.
This is the photo of the day...

Here's the passport..

The moment my british passport arrived at my home.....I didn't wait. Instead,
tickets booked and I ﬁrst went to Paris.
Then travelled to Arles in in South of France, Spain Barcelona..

When I came back I had an idea to check out Monaco. So oﬀ I went on another
adventure and fell in love with the country, the lifestyle and women.

I also travelled to Geneva Switzerland and worked with producers to create an
album of my own songs. I had time to check the scenes out. (I don't know when
the album will be released).

And visited some art galleries...

I never let whatever came next in my life get to my head but kept on mentoring,
coaching and doing what I do. It didn't remove uncertainty and the unknown of
the future to come.
Instead my feet was on solid ground. I was as I am today, still that young little
boy. Happy, Fearless. cocky, scaed at times but does it anyway to feel alive.
I am still that kid who read books, likes stories of wizards, western movies of
brave cowboys, into sciﬁ, fantasy movies and who still draws, sketches and paints
women in nudes. Just an ordinary guy really.
Salvaged photos of my journey...

It is here where I understood what John Lennon meant..
"Life happens to you while you're busy making other plans."
So if you say “it’s hard to believe.”
Isn’t that the point of answering this question?
To share a personal story that is hard for people to believe?
There are times in my life I wish I could tell this story to everyone. I really do. But
how can you tell such a story to people around you.
How?
This just doesn't happen, right?
I couldn't tell this story to some people until they knew me for years. They had to
meet the women I dated and they told them the story. I had to let the lawyer tell
the story. I had to let the producers tell the story.
I had to let the DJ’s and other artists tell the story.
Sometimes, just sometimes, I ﬁnd myself staring far into the distance while in
night clubs. I see the faces of the beggars, the woman who I loved who bought me
a suit. The lawyer, the librarian women, the red head inventors, the ones who lost
hope and lived in the street and many more people to events I have not
mentioned.
I sometimes look at all this and even with the women, drinks, music I feel numb. I
feel I got to do something big. I feel I got to ﬂy somewhere. I feel none here who
are dancing or the women really want to know this man for real.
They won't even want to know my insecurities either.
I know if I just mention one insecurity, such women will dissappear.
I always have to look tough, feel tough, never let my guard down, and sometimes
to not let anyone in until a time has past.
It's why I don't take it easily when woman say..

I love you
I want you
I want to see you
I want you to do this and that to me
Because such words are easily said and until they meet me face to face, know me
for a while and life has tested us again together - and - they are still with me, then
I will know if their words hold weight.
I know mine does. I know I hold onto to words like burning coal in my hands. I
don't speak, write or say words like these or any, so likely.
I have been there so many times, sitting with a woman and we'd click together
but the moment I say something about my life...it all goes down hill.
It’s too hard to believe.
So I don't say much about who I am, my life, what I've overcome but keep
everything positive until we have some history and she's emotionally invested in
me.
That’s why there are times I feel I got to do something. Something that's more
than just about money but more on helping people.
It's why I still feel the restless again.
I can hear the streets calling me again.
Waiting to hear the words...
"Hey, are you that guy called Adam Taha?"
"Yes, and?
"I got a problem. Can you do this kind of work?"
"You got the money and place to stay?
"Yes. If you can do it you'll get whatever you want."
"Let's talk then."

8.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ask out a girl I like on instagram? Step by steps
please!
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me guess.
You saw some woman on Instagram...

You see her other photo too...

You were like "OMG! I am in love. I got to get to know her. I got to date her!"
And "she ain't doing any of this cropped looking down photos to hide anything.
YES! I want to date her!"
Well here's the thing.

You know how many guys do that and try? Tons.
You do diﬀerent.
Forget the woman and focus on ﬁrst making sure you live a kickass life and ﬁll
your instragram with kick ass life, interest.
Do you know how many women I get sending me private messages on Quora.
Tons of them. I didn't have to contact them and by the way, they got backbone to
do that too.
But if some don't participate here on Quora, answering questions, and proﬁle is
empty or if all they send is squeaky mouse..
"Hey, I like your answers, " and run and hide, well, it doesn't really make them
attractive to me.
Or they bang selﬁes on Facebook. That turns me right oﬀ.
Yes, I like attractive women, yes I love tits and ass but I love MORE...MUCH
MORE...Intelligence.
I am attracted much more.....with woman of knowledge, woman who can reel me
in with knowledge, women who are brave, women who are fearless in life and
sexuality, women who can show that in their conversation with me, women who
can converse and open up, who can tell me about the world, who got brains
smarter than me. Who can show me goals, purpose, and general knowledge.
Now that for me, is attractive.
Because the ass, the tits, the curves are going to go one day and then what?
Flip this up and imagine that girl...
Forget for a nmoment "oh she is some superstar" to "average girl."
Think about it's psychology. That she's a woman. It's about what makes her FEEL.
- Is it worth it for her to even bother?
- What value, social value, any value you bring into her life?
- Is your lifre boring or is it much more exciting than hers?
- Have you passion and can she associate this passion to hers that brings her
value?
- Can she see that if she dated you, she'd have the best time of her life?
- Or has he nothing to show, and no subtance on his instagram that shows
passion, goals, fun, parties he's been active in, something she cannot even do?
- How does it look to her if her friends found out she's following and talking and
wanting to date this guy?
Think about it mate..
People do things for selﬁsh reasons.
They take action for their own beneﬁt and this includes girls too.
Now....
Imagine you got nothing showing your lifestyle, your ambition, your life
on...Instagram. Imagine there is nothing much there. Imagine she doesn't see you
doing something you're passionate about. Imagine she cannot see that if she did
get to know you, it would be exciting, it will make her feel great, it will get her

talking about it to her friends because let's face it...girls do talk to their friends
about these things. It makes them look good.
Imagine all she sees is the same old stuﬀ most guys have.
Imagine there isn't much history?
What do you think she be thinking?
"Another dickhead after my tits and ass. He doesn't even know me and he hasn't
even got shit in his life to show me, he has something going down in his life. Meh.
Forget it.."
This isn't "but she isn't a supertar."
No she might not be but then again, what girl wants to date a guy who is boring?
Or a guy same like other guys?
Imagine girls got lots of guys texting them. How do you stand out if all you do and
say, and behave is like most of these guys?
If you haven't got that in order, forget me giving you step by step.
It ain't going to do much good.
So...
Forget the girl.
Get your shit together.
I don't mean lots of dumb quotes that I get so damn tired of seeing on instagram
and facebook.
I mean LIVE.,
Show passion. Be consistent in showing that oin Instragram that will peek
people's interest and want to share. Go nuts with. Have fun with it.
Show you got something going on in your life.
Get busy with that ﬁrst.
Because the moment you even contact her...THAT'S what she's going to check out
ﬁrst. She will even check out your facebook. She will do what any girl, woman
does. Investigate to see who you are and IF it's worth.....her...time.
Average so called girl or not. That's what's going to happen.
The beauty of online, you can create a story, image, etc and build on it. Just make
sure it is true because perceieved value can be faked but absolute value...when
she meets you...is very hard to fake.
She'll ﬁgure you out so fast and dissappear.
37.3k Views · View Upvoters

A lot of people ask me how to arrange a shoot but don't hire me,
I'm not angry they do but now I charge for teaching can you
read the comment below?
Adam Taha, I mentor and develop strategies, marketing plan and website for
talents
Updated Feb 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

These are not your customers. Just because they rich doesn't mean they are your
customers. If they complain, if they do not respect your time, they are not your
targeted ideal customers.

Don't waste your time with such people. Rich or not. They can have an opinion
but that is all it is. If people get to know you do things for free, word will spread
and ruin your reputation.
You got to stand up to your core values, your business values, or you will be
framing people's mind how you do business and ﬁnd yourself losing out big. You
need to focus on customers who appreciate your work. Identify who these type of
customers. Then build a platform that has a targeted message.
Imagine, rich person not paying.
Imagine you sell 500 books about your techniques and each one is $9.99.
Total = $4.995
I haven't included expenses and time, but as you can see, it's not about providing
for the rich who think they so rich to not pay.
Word of mouth is ok but you still need an eﬀecient way to build your audience,
attract, quality, ﬁlter and sell.
Think Long-term
You need build a platform with marketing message, content and a process that
attract, converts and ﬁlters prospects in becoming customers. This will allow you
to build an audience you can easily stay in touch with.
You can lead oﬄine workshops, people to your website.
Your blog website platform will have...
Information for prospets to read and get educated about what you do.
Information of your level of knowledge and skill
Information about the types of service you can do
Process to hiring you
Email newsletter to build your list to build your community
Your own ready to buy knowledge
Your own ready to hire services/consultant/speaker/trainer
Your own ready to buy prints
This will allow you to ensure you spend time only on customers who qualify for
your time and appreciate your knowledge and expertise. Those who just want to
read can read your own content on your blog.
So you build what we call a blog in a sense but it must do more, It must help you
to attract, qualify, ﬁlter, build trust and sell.
The ones who contact you and who still ask questions, lead them back to the
information. You keep educating people to follow your process. Some will try to
act smart ass but be perservere calmly to lead them back to the process of
education, building trust through information, to leading to hiring, buying etc.
Your blog website will have diﬀerent doors for diﬀerent type of customer.
1. The learner. Buys your ebook, or training videos.
2. The buyer of your prints.
3. Hiring you as a consultant.
The key is you need a creative strategy that utilises your talent/skill in a more
unique and valuable way. Something you do for your ideal targeted customers

other's won't do and yet proﬁtable for you and valuable to the customer.
Anyone else who tries to make you feel guilty or thinks things are free...is not
your customer. They don't get your attention or time.
250 Views · View Upvoters

I admit.I have gone over board with immaturity, laziness and
not held myself accountable. How can I rectify these bad habits
at the age of 31?
Adam Taha, Into developing leaders
Answered Feb 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Mentorship. Find someone that has a personality you like, the tools, the wide
general knowledge and access to resources. Someone who you can be open with
and know you can talk to about your goals in life.
Mentor is diﬀerent to coach.
Mentor is the self development part, identifying your values, goals, purpose etc.
This is a long-term. Takes time.
Coaching is immediate skill you desire to learn and will be short as you get to
learn a skill to move on.
Most confuse each other as same.
A mentor can help you when you over think. They will ask questions so you can
answer yourself as your converse to see you got the answers already within you. If
you're someone who thinks a lot, ﬁnd yourself going round circles, getting
agitated then a mentor can help a great deal.
They can help in giving clarity, strategy, direction but most of all, someone you
just want to talk to who will listen, who will understand and who help you see the
good in you, you're strength.
They can identify your obstacles, help you to know how to remove them but also
you have someone who you can be accountable with.
Even when you know what is wrong, it is not enough. There is a lot of habits,
emotions, thinking at play.
There are routines and other blindspots which a mentor can help you with.
I am a Mentor, who mentored diﬀerent talents but also professionals. Have done
so for 30 years now. I understand where you're coming from.
A mentor can be your most important step you ever take in these matters. They
have been used for decades for many a reasons. Lost sometimes in then modern
world but if you see many who succeed, they have someone who they can talk to
and who can has been where they are and can help them move forward.
Everything will be ﬁne. Just ﬁnd a mentor who you can get along with. Many gave
diﬀerent personality. I'm more of a tough type, football coach talking time, an
Commabo type so I won't be ideal for some people.
However, there are mentors with diﬀerent personalities and traites.
See what works for you,
All the best.
256 Views · View Upvoters

My crush won't respond to me when I tell him I like him,
because I once told him I don't. why is he now ignoring me?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Our brain loves patterns and the reason it loves patterns isn't just because it's
consistent but it is reliable. Reliability breeds familiarity.
Familiarity creates comfort.
Comfort creates trust.
Break this trust and it's diﬃcult to gain it back.
When approached it was him giving trust and expected you to be trustworthy too.
To be honest. Authentic. Responsible for your actions.
And yet, here you are saying "why is he ignoring me," shows you are not taking
responsibility.
The day you said "no" and later on said "I like you," his brain said "no, don't trust
this girl ger. You trusted her with your feelings and she said no. She's now playing
with you."
Guys know some women not all, SOME are unwilling to take responsibility to say
yes. Some women will always try to push responsibility away from deciding to say
yes, kiss, hold hands and sex even..when they want to.
Always, they leave this to the man.
Fearful of being judged, labelled as slute, whore, too easy. Coping probably what
their friends do as well. Or got so emotional they just self sabotage.
It takes a lot for a guy take one of these actions especially asking a woman out. It
takes a heck of lot of courage for a guy to approach and then get hit with a
rejection.
Rejection isn't easy. It hurts.
Most women would rather say "I don't know" or "no" even when they are
interested to shrug away from taking responsibility. They are not being honest
even when they like the guy.
This is why this bullshit of playing hard to get REALLY comes from.
It has got nothing to do with "I want to make sure the guy is worth it and really
wants me." That's magazine and romance stuﬀ explaining it.
Nop.
This is about removing responsibility in saying to a guy....
"I take full responsibility in saying YES to you. That it is my decision to say yes to
you. That it is my decision to kiss, to hold hands, to have sex. Mine and I am
willing to accept this responsibility too."
When a man approaches a woman, he is really saying..
"I am taking responsibility for my life. I am approaching, all on table, asking you
out. I am taking the responsibility in that I must show my interest to you clearly,
directly and with full honesty."
That deserves honesty back in the ideal world but we don't live in an ideal world.
When you said "no" and you was interested in him....you said to his brain, "I am
unwilling to take responsibiliy for my action to say yes. I was afraid. I was scared.
So I said no. I didn't want to say yes EVEN when I was interested in you."
That's not honesty. He now doesn't trust you.

That is why he is now ignoring you.
Best you move on and next time, be honest.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁgure out what I really want to do with my life after
college?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Feb 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was born in world of farmers, tribes, steel workers, grafters and who also worked
on farms and shops. Children aged 8 would be seen working the streets selling
water, juices and other products. I had other ideas.
My parents left me in Yemen, one of the poorest country so I worked the streets
selling stuﬀ.
This by the way is me as a kid. She's my mum. So she had me when she was very
young.

The problem is all siblings could leave the country to ﬂy to England except for
me. The government wanted young boys to stay so they join the army.
I got the papers and probably because the Ambassador got sick seeing me and
soliders were complaining on how I was throwing stones at their jeep. So they let
me go. They must have thought - that if a young boy can walk for two days and
camp outside, he's not going to away.
This is me in England. Taking few days later when I arrived. I travelled on my
own to England to meet my parents at the airport. I was independant at a very
young age. Very outspoken and life where I came from toughened me up a lot....

But how did I ﬁgure out what I wanted out of life?
I liked to do things out of feelings i.e. what made me feel good. Not the kind that
gets you to procrastinate but the feelings of when you do things and you feel
awesome.
If music made me feel alive, so be it.
If art made me feel alive so be it. If writing made me feel alive. So be it.
So, I did whatever made me feel alive.
It is why these words right here on my website I'm busy designing and building
means a great deal to me....

It wasn't easy because the community I came from has set rules. Break them and
you an outcast. Break them and all the doors to your community are closed and
you're on your own. The community is ﬁlled with religion, prophets, cultures,
beliefs and systems.
Three things I couldn't do and was prohibited:
1. Music. String music, guitar, all sorts and singing. They saw it as devil work.
2. Art. Painting human beings and animals.
3. Women.
I broke all these rules ;)

I had to keep all I did hidden. Like a secret.
I lived a double life. No one in community knew what I was doing. Nor my
parents and other relatives. I did what made me feel great but under diﬀerent
pseudo names for diﬀerent things I was doing.
I loved writing wrote for other people for books under a diﬀeerent name. I'm fast
at writing and typing right now is easy to do. Fast.
I loved sketching and painting. Made money from it. I became a graﬁtti artists too
and it took me all over the country making money doing what I enjoy...

I just loved drawing and I have always done so. It's something that gives me
peace, joy and makes me feel alive. I don't need much to do it and I can do the
work wherever I am. Just a pencil will do me ﬁne....

Drawing horses even got me to think what it feel like. So I ﬂew to South of France
and found out what it feels like...

I found music made me feel alive and so I dived in. Played guitar every day until I
got good at it. I went through the motion of learning to produce using Logic
Audio, Protools, Cubase VST and other softwares.
I even became a DJ for a while.
I got a band together and we rehearsed every night and toured. I worked with
diﬀerent musicians and made good money because I am ﬂexible with music. I
toured singing on stage for blues and soul ﬂava music, drum* Bass, Garage, Jazz
etc.
Made tons of friends wherever I went....

I liked working with people and people with greater skill, knowledge as me so I an
grow more, learn more, stretch more.
So I did that. Working with diﬀerent organisers, making it happen with creating
large festivals to producing music.
I would also dive into other people's projects....

This is me being hammered with coloured powder and paint at a music festival....

I wondered about how I can get others to experience what I experienced. I saw so
many young people wondering what to do in their lives. So, I got 300 artists and
specialists in other ﬁelds to let them get a taste.
From learning about 3D animation, Photography, music productio etc cetre
I knew how to access money i.e. funds from the system and used it to create
projects that exposes people to try things out. At least they can go through
diﬀerent skills and see what they enjoy the most.
Just a few examples:
From graﬃti....

To dancing.....

From writing songs and singing....

To producing, singing in recording studios and they see how all of it comes
together.

Yes, even this....

The list goes on and they performed to a large audience. They get to experience
the full eﬀect in hope it inspires them to ﬁnd something they love to do.
Anything I wanted to do, felt like doing...I went and did it. Life became this
journey of experimenting, learning, growing and connecting people together.
I also broke the third rule....women.

And made great friends long the way who were fun too...

I even met my ﬁctional characters I learnt about when I was kid. Alice took this
photo :D

The years and journey brought insights, wisdom and stories which I can bring
together as songs and books for the future to come...

My parents and community didn't know I painted nude women, dated women.
Nor did they ever know my studio is of naked women walking back and forth like
it was the natural thing in the world. Which to me it is.
Nor did they know about my passion in writing articles, designing and helping
others to ﬁgure out what it is they want and build it from the ground up.
By the time I was 40, my parents found out but by now they are old. They didn't
care about social reputation as much as they did. They didn't believe much of
what they used to believe. They realised something far too late and some earlier
on.
I saw people I used to know when I went back. Many tired and don't know what to
do with their lives. Some even bored. I could sit with them because we didn't
really have much to talk about. I didn't stay and went on my way to ﬂy to diﬀerent
countries doing my own thing.
I have only just begun.

I have more energy than I did when I was younger. I am ﬁtter, stronger, and
moving faster. I have more resources than before and experience.
What I didn't ask are these questions..
"What is the meaning of my life?
What is my purpose?"

"What do I become for the rest of my life?"
Instead I thought of these following questions..
What makes me feel alive?
What makes me feel happy?
And I went to ﬁgure how to do it without thinking words like can't and
impossible.
So ask yourself..
What makes me feel....alive? What's fun to you?
If you don't know, awesome. Go and ﬁnd out. Try diﬀerent things, experience life
and just go for it until you ﬁnd something you really enjoy doing.
It doesn't have to be something big. It's just something that gives you a lot of joy
to do. Then dive in and learn.
As for me, I am getting ready for another adventure.
Where to?
I really got no idea but I know when I get there, it's going to feel awesome...

3.8k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers · Answer requested by Varun Sharma

My girlfriend says she needs a break and want to focus on her
studies and parents. She said she doesn’t want to break up, and
does not know for how long.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When one partner says they want a break they need to be clear why.
Not just studies and parents. But why. Is her parents ill or something? Can't they
look after themselves?
Do they need her help or something and why?
What's with studying? Is she doing exams? Is she behind work? What?
Things lke these are not clear to understand from her side but if none of these
have answers, if she is unwilling to answer and its vague...then..
...she's breaking up with you and you shouldn't be waiting when a woman doesn't
give certain amount of time either. This is her not wanting conﬂict and feeling
awkward which is why the clause "I don't know how long."
Long enough for her to tell you she's breaking up when she's ready to do so.
Move on. You don't hang around waiting for a woman to make her mind up when
to come back. That's not really mature thing to do.
When you want a break from our partners we explain in detail:
Why
How long
How to communicate with each other
When to communicate to allow space
Instead, you are left hanging.

4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I attract the guys I don't like and can't seem to attract
the ones I DO like?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is how you ﬂowed with it..
Guy2: we had easy-ﬂowing conversations and laughed and I liked him
Result: he did not get in touch after the event
And repeat
How about this...
Guy 2: we had easy-ﬂowing conversations and laughed and I liked him. You both
exchanged phone numbers.
You - I contacted him and talked with him
Result - closure either way. You found out he is interested or not.
:)
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a man clearly likes a women and ﬁnds her attractive, why
would he have a hard time/be nervous of showing/creating
intimacy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine, we are born into the world but not just any kind of world. A world ﬁlled
with sterotype bullshit about life, social norms, structures, rules on how things
should be to how women and men "should" behave.
Bear with me as I have fun with this. I like to just say it as it is. Don't take it
seriously by throwing labels at me because we have many here in this answer
already ;)
So here we are - we grow up and we so screwed from the day we are
born...Literally! Totally! Screwed to meet a world full of complex stuﬀ because
our lives are boring. So boring we got to make what is easy diﬃcult to create
drama.
Like we're secret agents unravelling the mysteries of some code in dating.
You have to be a genius to gather all the labels and all these secret hidden rules
that no one really knows about in society today.
Lots of labels, rules, fallacies are added every year. So many it's hard to catch up.
You ﬁnd yourself lost and confused as each year passes.
You need a brain that has amazing memory capacity because we're so good at
creating labels. So much so, you're terriﬁed to say a god damn word or do
anything because.....
You're sexiest bastard
You pervert
OMG! You touched a woman
Women are princess

Women are sluts, whores, too easy, bitches
HE'S A PLAYER! A PLAYER! Asshole, jerk
Men! All they thinking about is sex...sex..sex
Watch it now, she's a gold digger
Objectify...objectify.......Objectifying
If he kisses you on ﬁrst date...he is after sex! He's a...
WHAT? She slept with how many? OMG! Run!
Then you got years of social conditioning that women are princess, knights kneel
down to kiss their hand, ask for permission. From bedtime stories to Hollywood
movies.
That you hear you can't approach women.
Then you can.
Then you can't except if you are a hunk.
Then you can because the moon is out but then you can't because it's not 1950s.
Then you can because we're in 21st century but suddenly you can't because of
XYZ rule in society. Then you can because some little rule in some book no one
knows about says so.
Then you can if you're a woman with red head but then you can't if you're red hair
has a tint of orange. Suddenly woman can except if they walk like Zombies and
chase the man while shouting, "I'm going to eat you."
Then you can and no one knows why and then you can't.
Then you got some folks telling you there's no such word as men or women but
we're people. We're ALL THE SAME. ONE LANGUAGE. Like they trying to be
some old sage that send you wise words from the ancient.
Now you are confused more than before. Like this guy..
Adam Taha's answer to My girlfriend called up last night and said that she had
made a mistake (we both had sex) because I am fat. I love her but can't live with
this statement said by her. What should I do?
You know...this is BOLLOCKS. You know we are not all the same. You've been in
so many situations whether you're a woman or man to know people are not the
same. It's bullshit and you know it is. It's advise that can't help you in the real
world.
All this "there is no such thing as men and women. We are all the same." They tell
you to be nice, yeah nice but I say nice don't cut it.
No, this is psychology and if you listen to the masses this is the result that you
will get in your life....
Adam Taha's answer to I date the most beautiful girl, she kissed me and then I
send her a card and now she doesn't want to see me anymore? I can't stop
thinking about her.
We're all the same but really you know that man and woman have their own
cryptic language. That we are not as simple as we may think.
You know 100% because you have been there but hey, since you haven't 500,0000
followers what the hell do you know, right?
"Yes, Adam Taha knows shit. He doesn't know a god damn thing. He's out of
his rocker this guy. Fucking sexiest bastard, objectifying women and men,

and aliens too. Who does he think he is huh?"
Ah but wait because we also got shitty advice like this..
"Be yourself."
You ﬁnd being yourself doesn't work at all because the other person isn't being
themselves. Think about it for a moment..
The other person if they are like you - IF - there was ONE thing that you as alike to
someone else it is FEAR.
So in their mind they be suspicious of you. In their mind they experiences in the
past that hurt them. In their brain they got stories about what could happen and
all the consequences you can imagine. By the time you even said hello, his mind
and her mind is running like a ferrari with all kinds of fear..
"She's out of my league."
"He just wants me for sex."
"What if she rejects me?"
"He's a player."
Now, for pete fucking sake, how can two people with all this fear and more be
themselves. You're so wired that even if you pretend to tell yourself that "I' AM
BEING MYSELF, unconscously you will behave in the manner your hidden brain
has been ﬁlled it with.
And do you know what it has been ﬁlled with since we were children and right to
the present day?
FEAR. Insecurities. Labels,. Social conditioning.
Be yourself my ass. You got to be kidding me. You need to be a master of
psychology, inﬂuence, motivation, and all kinds of shit. At least the basics.
And some men and women haven't even got the basics down.
Next we're going to hear most women and men don't give hints. That it never
happens. All the questions of "what does it mean" on Quora is all from Adam
Taha's wild imagination. Men and women do not investigate, plot, plan, use
social status, clothes and all they got to compete, to inﬂuence, to motivate and
seduce.
No, Adam is just out of his head. He don't know what he's on about. Throw this
guy in an institute of mentally ill! He's crazy!
Yes, the other person will have fears, obstacles, and it will play it's part whether
we like to acknowledge it happens or not.
The other person has their own cryptic language of..
"No, don't touch me."
Then you meet her again and she says...
"WHY? What's wrong with you! I was there with you, and you didn't even touch me,
hold my hand, kiss me. You don't think I'm attractive? Huh? HUH?"
And the guy replies, "BUT YOU SAID DON'T TOUCH YOU!"
Her "I didn't really mean it. Where is your balls man. WHERE?"
So do you touch? Not touch? Hold hands, not hold hands? When? How? But what
if you do it too early and she rejects you?

What if she does and he thinks she's too easy, a slut, a whore?
Is it done in 14 seconds you meet or after 15 seconds, or 50 seconds or week 2?
Wait! What about...DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAA....SEX?
Do you wait for months so guy shows you he's worth being with you?
But what if he does and then he fucks you and walks away next day?
Fat lot of good that did.
What if you're a guy and you wait for one year with no sex and.....she goes and
fucks someone else? Then what? Huh?
Yeah, you didn't plan that shit out did you ;)
How do you approach for sex? What do you say? Do you wear shades and act cool
as you say, "Hey baby, let's fuck each other?"
Or do you do it subtle, indirectly and guess?
Do you as a woman let your tits pop out like it was accident and bite your lips as
you look deep into his eyes?
What if you do have sex on ﬁrst date?
OMG! He will think you're a slut, a whore, too easy!
What if you're a guy and you kiss her on ﬁrst date?
You might get her to think you want sex and that is it! She will run oﬀ or you'll
never see her again.
WHY? WHY IS THIS SO COMPLICATED!
It wasn't years ago!
Now with all the technologies, dating websites, tinder, apps, thousands of books,
it's complicated to even meet, hold hands and kiss! Never mind sex.
When to approach, how to approach, what to do, say?
OMG! The world has gone crazy.
Then you got the...
Him - I think you're attractive and..
Her - I got a boyfriend
Him - Oh. Ok. Bye
Her - WTF? Why walk away so easily?
Him - But you said you got a boyfriend!
Her - I was TESTING YOU
Him - WTF is this!
Then you got guys too who...
Her - Hey gorgeous
Him - Hi, how you doing
Her - Listen I like you.
Him - Me too. I mean I like you as well

Her - here's my number
Him - Her's mine
He doesn't text, doesn't call at all for weeks. Does nothing!
Her - Why haven't you called me? Text me?
Him - Oh so busy, you know.
Her - OMG! You're such an asshole!
On goes the cryptic messages and how women send subtle messages and guys
falling over their dicks trying to ﬁgure out what these messages mean....we ﬁnd
the next generation more confused than the adults today..
All these experiences, programming, conditioning impacts the mens mind and it
does with women too.
It gets worse...
The 15 year old needs a degree to ﬁgure all this out and by time he gets to 18,
he/she feel they need to admit themsleves to an institution of the mentally ill.
He/she is so frightened to talk to mum or dad about sex. It's just nice boys and
nice girls don't do. Nice boys and nice girls don't touch themselves.
Nice boys and girls don't want to kiss, touch, have sex. No. Only bad boys and bad
girls, naught girls, naught boys, slutes, whores, players, assholes and jerks.
So what do they do?
They talk to strangers on the internet.
In all the labels, in all we do - the greatest damage is done to this generation to
come. All the years, decades of social conditioning on the shame about sex, is
now heaped on their shoulders.
They cannot even talk to the best friend of us all - their mum and dad.
Oblivious are most parents as their 12-13-14-15 years old and onwards try to ﬁnd
their way through the cesspool of shame, modesty and labels we in a sense have
become a part of such creation. Corporations just threw it in like a bone and we
like dogs......jumped on the bone and claimed these labels as our own.
Like it's something to be proud of (roll eyes)
Now they are so scared of being judged, ostracised, isolated and pointed at. They
have to learn by themselves...secretly.
Many a mistakes could be prevented. Many if they could be open to talk to their
parents but they can't. They hear them judge others. They hear them judge actors
on TV. They hear them judge singers. They hear them judge their friends and
calling friends sluts....whores...too easy.
They read the messages of other adults and parents on social media and think..
"Shit. My mum/dad will think I'm a slut, whore, asshole and player!"
By the time he/she is 17 years old they are sitting on a chair in front of a therapist
and they're labelled with the following..
Introvert
Shy
Lack of conﬁdence
Blah blah blah

No shit! Give Sherlock holmes medal. I mean you must need a degree to be a
therapist to ﬁgure that shit out.
That's why I'm not surprised why men and women scared on making a move in
being intimate. Instead, they are nervous as hell. They fear the process. They fear
the rejection. They fear being pointing at and judged.
You need some badass skill, experience and balls to know what to do. Even then,
it is a world ﬁlled with confusion. Even to the most experienced.
There is so much awkwardiness that the ego focuses on the thrill, the response.
So much so they ﬁnd themselves trapped in some mystical dimension:
That the man and woman think...
SOMEONE HELP ME! THIS DATING STUFF IS DRIVING ME CRAZY!
Now we got a man and a woman screwed up and the only ones laughing is the
corporation, the ones selling the romance novels, magazines, sex toys, brand sexy
clothes, porn and night club entrance as well as drinks.
Drink until you lose all your inhibitions, let go of the sexual tension and make the
drink as an excuse to touch, kiss, fuck and say..
"The drink made me do it."
But the next day it is back to normal in living in fear.
Yes, it's back to where the man and woman sitting - they both connecting the dots
of consequences. A million things roam their mind and it's all fear.
And..
Him - Lovely weather isn't it?
Her - Yes it is
Him - So what do you do?
Her - I work for a bank. You?
Him - I work as a manager for a large supermarket
Her - That must be nice
Him - Yes, it is.
Her - blah blah blah
Him - Blah balh
Her - Oh it's that the time. Gone so fast hasn't it?
Him - (silence)
Her - (silence)
Him - (silence)
Her - (silence)
Him - (silence)
Her - (silence)
Him - (silence)
Her - (silence)
Him - Right then. We should do this again

Her - Yes. (why hasn't he even held my hand, kissed me? Am I not attractive?)
Him - (shit. No kiss tonight? Maybe she's not interested in me. I wish I can say
something but...it's so awkward)
And so they walk into the night, back to their homes to tell their friends on how
amazing the date was...not.
Say hello to......fear of rejection.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is horrible at texting/online communication.
She's amazing in-person. How do I handle this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Texting is low investment. It is cold. In fact I don't even take it seriously and it's
immature to do so.
Texting is ideal in the beginning when you build attraction but comfort needs to
be phone calls...picking up the phone and talking. After that, I use texting either
to get days sorted or for emergency with women I date.
When it's long distance you cannot aﬀord using text. You need to use the phone
and talk to each other not texting each other.
Listen to the feedback.
And you're frustrations. You're frustrated because you're not communicating to
her to ﬁnd out why she ain't texting much.
Seems to me she's not into texting and since that is so, then change the way you
communicate that works for both of you.
- The phone. Dial it and talk at convienient times.
- Skype and webcam
Not everyone likes using texting.
I am very good at it but even then I know some are not good at texting. So I
change the tool and I ﬁnd the phone to talk is one of the best and fastest. Also
skype with web cam.
Communicate with her and she might say, "I'm not really good at texting but like
using the phone or this or that."
That's the problem here.
Not texting.
It's you not communicating your frustratiosn with her, the person who you
suppose to really ask than strangers on here.
992 Views · View Upvoters

Can a highly introverted woman like me ever ﬁnd a good man
and start a beautiful family?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but....you need to be focus on working on yourself. Listen. I'm an introvert but
if you saw me, you wouldn't even know. I make the extrovert feel like they are
introverts and shy - because I'm that conﬁdent, party animal, very sociable.
But I wasn't always that way.

I decided that labelling myself, telling myself I am shy, I am introvert was
programming my brain to get me to behave more like that.
So I stopped telling myself I am shy. I stopped telling myself I am introvert and
got rid of these labels once and for all.
Now, I approach women and it is they who are shy, they who act like introverts
not me. They are the ones hiding their feelings and sexuality. They are the ones
who stop and not consistent. I am like raging through LOL like I'm fearless, and
yet I am nervous a little but..I feel much better.
I feel awesome. I feel great. I feel I can achieve anything in this world.
I feel I can say antthing to anyt woman and if she says yes, no, or even disappears
without a goodbye - I am going to be alright. I know I am enough. I know it 100% I
am enough and it's not me that's so insecure to care, pursue, approach, contact,
text, and even, if I get to know her and she ppens up, I'll nloody sexualise to the
hilt and...what do you know! Woman liek a conﬁdent man.
I feel great and I hope you can feel this because this was an introvert guy. Shy as
hell years ago. I mean shy. Sitting in a corner shy. Scared at some new world I was
ﬂown in with new language called...English.
Everything was new.
This took work in myself in investing in social skills, ﬁnding my passion and
mingle with lots of people into what I am into.
It took me being proactive.
I wasn't happy where I am. I got sick and tired of being that resserve guy. Didn't
do much good for me and so I looked deeper.
I'm not going to be like most..
"OOoh women want one thing." Same what most women who are single say and
work achoholics say, "men want one thing."
I'm not going to live in some illusion to rationalise.
So upto you if you want to believe, to be happy being reserved, shy and throw
yourself in some work. no problem.
If you're pretty then conﬁdent men are approaching and if they are....you're the
one who is ignoring them. You're the one who is pushing them away.
So make it easier on yourself.
- Smile
- Make strong eye contact
- Show interest
- Say hi. Talk.
I personally, going to be honest with you. I stay well away from shy women. They
are frustratingly shy, they don';t show emotions, they too slow to show it and I
just cannot wait and wait...and wait....and wait.
Many are pretty. Granted but I like conversation. I like a two way conversation. I
don't like a woman texting me one word, on phone one word, or face to face...one
word. Or she doesn't show any emotions of interest.
Life is too short.

This is from a guy who was shy and I personally felt I can change who I am to
beneﬁt me not to change for world. I didn't like the place I was in and so, I
changed it by feeding my mind with knowledge and being proactive in the world.
I have no regrets. My life is wonderful and buzzing.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What's it like to have to hide part of your life from your friends
and family?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was diﬃcult because my world was very diﬀerent to theirs. I couldn't let them
see the success and my lifestyle. I lived a double life until my 40's. They only
knew later when they got old.
How does it feel?
You feel alone.
You got to ﬁnd your own way without anyone you know to encourage,
support and be part of what you do.
To begin with, in our community two things are controversial
1. Music. They saw it as the devil, evil, a sin, corrupts etc. So musical instruments
.
2. Arts in drawing and painting human beings. I always painting lots of
seductive, provocate poses of women, for stories, comics and paintings.
3. Women, in that you can't date, sex, until marriage etc.
So they never saw my work when it came to illustrations and nor did they come to
my studio with naked attractive women walking about to get ready for photo
shoots or sketching. Or even watsercolour sketches like this..

Or illustrations like this...

Or cartoon style illustrations like this, which is a header for my a website I am
launching for my self. In a way it is a fuck you kind of celebration as I show all my
work and history of achievements in the world I am in...

That meant, many of the books I have written had to kept hidden for a while.
Books about the psychology of dating, how to build your own large social
networks oﬄine to enrich your life and attract what you want as well. From
school, college, to uni, to life in the big world wide world...

They also didn't know and couldn't see that I had my own band, composed music
and songs, toured, and worked with many diﬀerent musicians. So I couldn't
invite them to the gigs and concerts I was performing in. Nor rehearsals..

I couldn't share that I lead a lot of people to create music festivals around the
country. Nor the fun you can have throwing coloured powder on everyone and
everyone else having fun...

They certainly didn't know that I was having fun in night clubs, dating women,
multiple dates, and just having a blast. Many who knew me where I live would
never even conceive this is my personality and lifestyle..(sorry about the blurry
photo)

I couldn't share skills like this 5 minute watercolour sketch,..

Many, many things I couldn't share about my life like coaching and mentoring
talents, people to build their online brand, websites, etc.
But a time came when I had enough.
I thought "fuck it."
Now I live a full life, without hiding, on my terms. I don't care who thinks I'm bad
boy, player, no good, devil incarnated, going to hell. I'm busy having fun creating
heaven on earth ;)

I am going to live life in my own terms and the wonderﬁul part is there are people
who see it refreshing to have someone who is honest, upfront and who is not
looking for acceptance. I'm doing my own thing and living life to full...

Living this way has freed me to be who I am, strong, conﬁdent but also, by
keeping a lot hidden helped me to harness many specialised skills in marketing,
sales, design and my social skills.
It helped me focused me to just do the work and letting the results speak for
itself. It also allowed me to see if women I know see me for who I am and not
because of the life I live.
So there was feeling of being alone.
How you're community will never understand and get you.
But there was also the positive side which has made my life today a fantastic way
of life. The result has got me to travel around the world, date beautful intelligent
and high sexual driven women as I am high sexual driven. Open doors for many
partners in business wanting to work with me due to my skills.
So now, I am working in diﬀerent countries producing my album and just having
a blast.

I am still drawing. Still singing. Still painting. Still doing the same I set out to do
when I was in my teen years.
I can sleep with a smile that I won't regret because I went for everything I wanted
to achieve even when many a times I fell ﬂat on my face. I know women who date
me will love a guy who is adventureous, fun, outgoing, sexually high and
conﬁdent.
The journey made me stronger.
However it was a lonely journey for many years.
Do they know now?

Yes, but my parents are old now, they don't care about reputation in community
as they used to. They don't care if I date multiple women from diﬀerent races,
paint nude women, dance, have fun.
It's not like they had to come to terms with their son being the wild one.
The one who failed in school and everyone thought I was doing nothing with my
life. They didn't know until they were old and by that time, you really don't give a
shit anymore what people and society thinks.
10.3k Views · View Upvoters

I'm shy, I don't have the conﬁdence, an average looking guy,
kinda average income. how should I make a move on this girl I
have liked for 2 years?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"Talk to her and one day, if it meant to be it will happen..."
And pigs will ﬂy with naked cupids riding on the magical pigs backs.
You may have already screwed it up because you hesitated for 2 years and you did
so because you put her on some pedestal and rationalising distance. The
beginning is where most guys make the mistake. The beginning, if they don't take
action then the space leaves the woman to assume something else.
That you're too nice. You're not conﬁdent. You're a platonic friend. You're not
really type for her to see you in that way.
In anything, honest is the key.
It's shows a man has conﬁdence.
Texting back and forth for sometimes. Back and forth. Back and forth. Playing it
safe. Finding something in common.
Common is not attraction. Attraction ﬁrst.
Finding commonality is comfort stage and comfort comes later.
Women like a man of conﬁdence and honesty. A man who isn't afraid to say to the
woman earlier on, in the ﬁrst time he saw her..
"I ﬁnd you attractive although good looks are so common, so I'd like to ﬁnd out more
about you. Hi, my name is (your name), who are you?"
This is honesty.
This is called Intent. You have made it clear of your intent in regards to why you
are approaching and investing time on her. It's clear. It's direct and it saves you a
lot of time later on becasue you know from day one if she is or not into you.
Then you can move on without investing so much time on someone who will not
recipocrate back in the manner and feelings you desire.
This is why, most guys feel rejection hard when they hear..
"I don't see you like that. You're my BEST friend. Like a brother. Like my
girlfriend. A friend. Can we....just...be friends.."
Takig risks, taking immediate action also prevents you building some fantasy in
your mind, and emotionally investing too much time and eﬀort. It prevents the
rejection for typical guys to hit hard.
Know what you want. Don't ask people here what they think regarding what to
do, if the the distance a problem and all that.

Own your decisions,. Know what you want, decide, and own your decisions and
actions. If you like here, stop playing safe.
It's never is...... "if it's meant to be it's going to happen."
This isn''t Hollywood.
This isn't romance novel and it sure ain't 50 shades of grety whereMOST women
drool over some ﬁctional story but in the real world, they would never take such
actions anyway but have a million sceneiroes of consequences to stay put where
they are.
This is real life and antthing you want to happen..needs a man to take action to
make it happen. Now it won't always turn out where a woman says, "YES."
You will get lots of rejections in life but you also get experience. You also realise
there is no "one" and "soul mate." You ﬁnd out that there is no "meant to be." That
the more you talk....talk...talk...without showing true intent, the woman will fall
in love with your personality.
You know the real deal. You learnt and now see the diﬀerence between bullshit
dating advise from men and women, to the real deal.
Experience tells you that.
There will be a time when some women who will say yes because you took
immediate action. You had the social skills as well to make the journey for her
and you a rich experience.
2 years is a long time investing your emotions on someone who yu haven't yet
made clear to, you're interested in them not in a platonic way.
So don't be surprised if rejection does happen, it will hit you hard.
939 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kels Wong

I date the most beautiful girl, she kissed me and then I send her
a card and now she doesn't want to see me anymore? I can't stop
thinking about her.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You sent a card?
Honestly, most guys don't get women and not because they are diﬃcult to
understand. They are people. The problem is guys don't know how to be men and
act all mushy too earlt when they need to step it up.
Let's put it this way - she realised, nothing is going to happen with you. No wild
amazing sex. No go getting action from your part. It be very slow with you and
she wanted excitement and you treated her like some princess.
A card sent and probably had some romantic stuﬀ about how you love her,
confessing all sorts and well, she knew....nothing daring with you is ever going to
happen.
Therefore, if that is how she saw it, how she felt....then this is why she doesn't
want to see you anymore.
Move on and approach lots of women. Date more, get some experience under
your belt.
Believe me, you need it.
811 Views · View Upvoters

I have seen many ugly boys getting really beautiful girls, but I
am average-looking and don't have a girl. How can you justify
this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Mar 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine you are a woman.
You have got to decide who is really who from many men. There are many
pretenders in this world ﬁlled with men. They all look similar. There are many
good looking, many average, many ugly and all wearing clothes.
They all walking conﬁdently. They all talking big with their friends. They all
walking about like they are the kings of the world.
But here is just ONE way the women ﬁgured out who to take interest in.
It's not the only thing but it is a massive indictor.
Out of all those men, there are those who do not stare, wait, hesistate. They are
the ones who approach and these guys stand out like a big massive symbol.
"I know what I want. I go for what I want. Even if the challenges in front of me I will
overcome."
Can you imagine what that says to a woman?
It says, "if this guy is with me, if we have challenges, if there some uphill struggle for
survival...I KNOW 100% this guy isn't going to let me down. This guy is going to be
stand strong when the tough gets going."
Conﬁdence.
It's not just about a guy who can approach a woman but it is the massive indictaor
that this is a man who is not intimidated by a woman, by life challenges, by the
world and he will go and he isn't afraid to go forth into the world.
That is attractive.
That is strength. Not muscle strength. That good look strength. Not hot hunk six
pack strength. This is a strength of a biology symbol that if he has a family, he will
not be intimidated to work with the woman/women he is with to make things
happen.
That says "safety."
That says "secure man."
That says "he's not a follower but a pack leader."
That says "he's attractive."
They stand out from the rest because they show the ﬁrst step of leadership. They
are not following but leading. They go for what they want against challenges.
He is still scared, he still hurts, he may get more rejections but in the end, he
takes action. He approaches and consistently does so because he believes in
himself. He attract the attractive woman because he becomes skillful as well.
That is what gives him that sincere conﬁdence that attracts women.
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I want to stay in an unhappy romantic relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you want to get out of an unhappy situation, you're mind goes nuts with
connecting the dots and these are many consequences of "what if."
The pain of leaving the confort zone.
The fear of being alone.
The fear of starting again.
So the reason why you stay in an unhappy relationship is the many consequences
you see in your mind. It can be fear of being alone. It can be ﬁnancial fear. It can
be many other things and only you can narrow it down to one thing.
It goes right down to self esteem issue.
"I'm not worthy of having a man I love and he loves me."
"There isn't anyone out there for me who treat me this way."
"This is as good as it gets."
Ii is the fear....of....the unknown.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is it like to talk about some cheap and senseless things to
keep a conversation going with a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on. She doesn't like you. She doesn't respect you. She probably got bored
and her lack of social skills just didn't live up to it's potential. As well, as you not
having the experience to really liven up the converation.
If you have to work real hard to talk to a woman, then you're trying too hard to
impress with limited experience.
I would advise to forget about women for a moment and start socialising a lot. Get
your brain use to talking, conversation, mingle. Do a lot of reading too. Give your
mind some information, knowledge, experience, stories you can use as well as
social skills.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Abdulkadir M. Ibrahim

Driver asks tell me about what you do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I ﬂagged a Taxi and she stopped. I get in and she's whizzing through traﬃc, she
asked..
Her - So what do you do?
Me - I am working undercover as a secret agent at Tesco.
Her - My ex boyfriend was one of those
Me - I probably killed him already on one of my missions.
Her - Hahaha.
251 Views · View Upvoters

Why do bad guys get good girls easily, and good guys don't?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because...the so called good boy and nice boy (whatever the label means) have yet
to understand the following..
1. Being good doesn't entitle a man to date women.
2. Being good and nice doesn't entitle a man to get the attention of women
3. His smile, a look doesn't entitle him to get a response from women
4. That nice, good, honest, sincere, loyal doesn't entitle anything.
You hear it all time from so called nice guys, good guys but really, they are not
that good, nice, loyal when you think about it.
Expecting to be nice, good, loyal for a woman to open her legs.
"Oh yes baby. You're so loyal. So good. You don't do drugs. Yes, come to me, I am so
aroused by your goodness, loyalty. It's sooooo attractive. OMG! Yes Please. Date me!
Kiss me! Take me now!"
That is all over the place. There is an abundance of guys playing nice, good, to get
into a woman's pants. Trying to be their friend,. pretending to be so good, a
gentlmen but really they are not so nice, not so good.
Not so loyal.
Loyal to who?
To their dick because that's what's talking..
"Why they go for badboys and not me, a good guy, loyal, nice.."
Translated...
"Why girls don't want me to fuck them? I'm good enough for a fuck. How come other
guys get to fuck the woman and I don't. I'm a nice enough. I'm loyal enough. I'm
good enough. I got a degree, 4 languages, play 5 musical instruments and my
mummy trusts me too. Look. I even do my bed as well AND..I can cook too!"
At least badboys say it.
They say what they mean.
They walk up and say it, "hey, you're cute. What's your number."
Sure, they'll get tons of rejection but they also get a YES.
Nice, good, you can get anywhere. It's not some special ingredrient. You need to
be respecting others anyway. You need to be loyal to your core values, who you
are, what you want. So....
Nice boy, good boy is not really loyal because if he is loyal he be loyal ﬁrst to what
he wants and say it directly to girl on what he likes.
Nice and being good, loyal ain't something to brag about.
I rather vomit than think these are the things a woman sees in me in the
beginning. That's not what attracts women in the beginning.
That's not attraction.
It's about making her FEEL and that takes more than being nice. Nice is boring.
Loyal is something you can't show except through a period of time. So saying one
is loyal is a lazy to think girls go for that in the beginning. It's not like you got a
Batman light saying "this guy is loyal and...nice."
You need other things such as social skills, conﬁdence, conversation skills,
understanding about human behavior, drive, consistency, and approaching what

you fear head on.
You need to be willing to do the steps consistently even when you fail, get
rejected and fall ﬂat on your face. You don't play it safe.
Take a look at your words..
"CRUSH."
A crush is when you like someone and don't tell them. You just watch and do
nothing. Hoping the woman is going to see you, notice you and approach you.
Getting upset when some guy approaches and dates the woman you like.
Where's the loyalty now in going for what you want? Where's the nice now, in
telling a girl you like she's attractive without fear of rejection?
So much for nice and loyal to yourself ﬁrst instead of being loyal and nice
to...fear.
Badboys have conﬁdence.
They approach immediately. They have the conﬁdence to ﬂirt, tease, be playful.
They have other skills, social skills, conversation skills and sexual appreal. They
don't fall head over heels with women in being romantics, confessing love in the
beginning.
They are unafraid to walk away.
They stand up for a meaning even if it's not that good. They know who they are
and they stand for something.
Being nice, good, loyal doesn't entitle a guy to date a woman.
You need other things beside these. If you bank on these alone, you're screwed in
anything you want in life.
17.7k Views · View Upvoters

Guys: What do you mean when you say a girl is only your best
friend?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he said it in front of others, like someone is asked or hinted if something is
going between them - it will be this..
That I'm not attracted to her sexually and in any romantic way. She's a
friend, someone I've known for sometime. That's all it's going to be. It's not
going to go further such as dating etc cetre.
See the word..
"ONLY."
So this guy must have said it in front of other people to.
In other words.
"No, no. She's not my girlfriend, we're just friends."
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Denise Murray-Rice

I hired an old friend as my personal injury attorney. He stated
that if we sued he would not increase his fee from 1/3 to 40%.
Can I hold him to this?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can...IF...and I mean IF...you got it writing, signed, witness, whatever is
necessary to make it an oﬃcial legal binding contract.
Then...you can hold him to it.
But if you don't then it's just mere words and it's not going to hold up good for
you in court when he doesn't deliver the promise.
He's an attorney and he should know better to have this in writing, for you to
agree on and both sign or whatever needed it to be legal binding contract.
PS...I am not a lawyer but experienced enough in courts to know verbal words
don't csrry much weiht than legal binding contracts.
The world is commerce and it's all about contracts.
361 Views · View Upvoters

Why is my girl friend getting annoyed when I talk about her ex
(past relationship)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She's not the problem. You are. Why are you bringing topics up about her past
when you know it makes her feel uncomfortable?
That's her past and you know that makes her feel uncomfortable.
It doesn't matter why it does. You're her boyfriend and so you need to behave like
one and not like a therapist. She doesn't want a therapist or solutions. She wants
to leave the past as the past - and you need to respect that.
The red ﬂag is you're own insecurities, bringing it up.
Stop talking about her ex. Focus on her and the present.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when you like a girl but she neither says yes nor
no but asks for more time? Wait or move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What would I do?
Ok then, let's see...
1. Wait and so she thinks I put her on some pedestal. Like I'm going to put my life
on hold for a woman who can't decide what she wants.
2. Move on where the planet is full of women who will say yes, because they are
interested, want to be with me. A woman who can in seconds say yes right there
and then because she really is interested in me.
Hmmm. It's not that hard at all.
She can wait for days, weeks, months and years but it won't be for me. I'd have
moved on immediately she said that right there and then.
None of that "oooh give me a time. One week? Two? Blah Blah,"
Meh. I follow this rule.
Either it is a Fuck yes. Or a Fuck no.
This for me is a fuck no. So I will say, "no, I won't be waiting. Great meeting you
but I'm moving on. Bye."

3.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I text this girl I like ﬁrst or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You usually text all day!
Mate what are you doing? Listen, here's what you need to know.
1. Approach with Intent.
Never take a phone number oﬀ a girl you like until you make your intent clear to
hear. That you're attracted to her or you screw it up.
When you see a girl you like, you approach and say..(this is just an example)
"Excuse me, I waking to meet my mates (or going to class, library, shop, whatever)
and I saw you. I know this is a bit forward but had to come over to say you're cute
(or attractive). Hi my name is (your name).."
Now you have made your intent clear.
A) You are attracted to her
B) You approached her conﬁdence to say so without any games.
C) This isn't platonic.
2. Transition
Now the girl will respond but usually, they don't know how to. Most don't get
conﬁdent guys approaching them in this manner. So you will need to transition
into a conversation in a fun, light hearted manner. Nothing serious. No
confessing love and all that creepy stuﬀ.
When done you, you move to sow the seed in what can happen with you..
3. Painting a Picture + Phone number
After you have had fun ﬂirting, don't ﬂirt too much but now move towards
painting a picture of what can happen with you..
"You know, at ﬁrst when I saw you, I wasn't sure but the more I got talking to you,
I ﬁnd you interesting, and I'd like to take you out. I know a great place (cafe,
icecream, walk, whatever). How about we meet up this week to check the place
out?"
Now see her response. If cool. Then ask her number..
"Great. What's your number."
You give her your mobile phone and she adds the digits and she gives hers. As she
does you can add..
"I hope you're fun with texting as you are right now."
This gets her to be prepared for some ﬂirting and fun with text.
You have achieved the following
A) You made your intent clear that you're attracted to her.
B) This is not hangout, platonic friend.
C) You ensured she knows in her mind why this is happening and will be waiting
for your fun text.

4. Text and Phone
You do not text all day. You do not invest so much time. Instead you're next step is
to use these devises wisely and top playing safe.
A) You text a few fun messages to build on attraction. Stay fun, light hearted.
Move fast. Don't play safe.
B) Lead to phone in the week..
"Listen texting is lame, call you in 5 mins?"
C) On phone still be fun but build some comfort. The comfort means she shares
something of herself and you do to. Don't ask too much questions. Be like a
storyteller and be fun. Show her the real side of you, that you're a human being
with passion, zest for life but also fun.
Lead then to the date in maybe the second or third phone call. Maybe you click
real good on ﬁrst call and if so, do it then..
"There's a place I know called blah blah. I'm going to check it out. Let's check it
out on wednesday or thursday 7pm?"
See her response. All good, then both agree.
The main thing, do not invest so much time, texting everyday, all day. She's not
your girlfriend yet and you can talk lots when you meet face to face.
So have some self respect.
She needs to put eﬀort in the real deal i.e. meeting you face to face for the date
but if you keep doing what you're doing,.....without leading to steps I've said,
she'll lose interest.
There maybe other guys who take action and you're not the only one texting her.
So your edge is not to play safe but lead.
This just a guide, adapt to your lifestyle and situation.
However, it gives you an idea of the process and why. The mistakes most guys
make is always at the beginning in playing safe.
When you play safe and the intent isn't clear, you are playing games. You are
hinting signals and she might too.
You also give room for attention seekers.
These steps removes, ﬁlters any woman who you're interested in who isn't
serious, isn't wanting to date, just wants attention.
The faster you know where you stand, the faster you move on or forward.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

How many girlfriends should I have at a time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I am dating 5 women and the key is this...
We are open, honest about it too. So they all know I am dating other women as
well and it's just amazing. So they all know.
As long as they are aware you're dating other women then great.
Most assume it is diﬃcult dating multiple women but it's not. Not for me anyway
and the women I date. I didn't have any jelous problems and that's because the

women I am dating are very mature and don't want drama either.
Which meant I didn't need to keep explaining. That was takening care of from
day one because I don't just date a woman due to her being attractive. There has
to be compatiility, understanding and maturity.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do we only have one soulmate for life?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was 15 years old and in our community there have this arrange married thing.
Never got used to that by the way.
Anyway, I' sitting down in living room and dad says..
Dad - she be your soul mate you know
Me - but I already got soul mates and I am into white english women dad. I don't
want to marry. I don't want to.
Dad - What you mean soul mates? That's more than one? You mean..soul...mate.
Me - No. I mean, there's Julie, Gemma, Samantha, Lisa and Abby
Dad - Shh, you're mum is coming, say nothing.
Me - Ok (grins)
My dad knew, he could forget ever trying to marry me oﬀ to any Arab girl. He
knew, it just not going to happen. I always got along well with white british girls.
I am not a teen anymore but I am still dating multiple women. They all know, so
no hiding and all that but here's the thing..
Each woman thinks I'm....their soul mate ;)
So my answer is...no. I don't believe in one soul mate for life.
553 Views · View Upvoters

He says he isn't ready for a relationship with anyone. Do men
come back to you when they're ready?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every man is diﬀerent. "Men" how many on the planet? They all diﬀerent even if
we all have fears, hopes, desires etc. So it depends on the man you're with. There
is no magic bullet knowing if he will come back.
Also, you're seeing what you want to see i.e. "the relationship getting stronger"
when he has been "distant." These two to go together in a stronger relationship.
They are the opposites.
It's best to move on, don't wait for him to change and stop contacting him. You've
shown you're ready but he said he isn't ready.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

I have been talking to a very nice girl for a month; she ignored
and then declined my Instagram follow request on Valentines
day, is she testing me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget the petty instagram stuﬀ. I do see social media liking, and all that as petty.
You're messing your head up for a reason.
You talk to a girl, playing safe and haven't asked her out face to face. It is you who
is testing her and she knows that to be the case and threw it back at you.
If you like a girl, attracted to her then approach and ask her out. You had a month
of ta;lking wih her and haven't done so.
Do it face to face and forget all this tagging, liking on social media.
That way you get clarity, closure and if she doesn't show interest...then move on.
These are devises to be used in a certain way but not in the way you are using
them. Don't fall for the mainstream bullshit of romantism of valentines secret
messages, csards and all that.
Instead, ﬁnd the balls to approach a girl, ﬂirt only a little, converse and ask her
out. That's how you know.
Anything else is meaningless and a waste of time.
637 Views · View Upvoters

Dating Advice: I have just got this girls number. We've been
talking for a couple days. Yesterday we talked for 5 hours
straight. Now she hasn't said anything and I don't know if I
should text or if I should wait for her to text me like some of my
friends say. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're friends ill advised you. People get busy. If you don't move fast then when
life gets in way, they get busy and prioritise on what matters most.
You don't matter most because you didn't really ask her out.
5 hours you spent on phone with her and you didn't even ask her out. 5 hours!
And you made some mistakes leading to it as well.
You have been too slow in asking her out and playing it safe.
Let's look at the process.......
1. When you approach any woman..

Do not ask her for the number until...you make your intent clear. Until you
approach and say to her..
"Excuse me, I know this is a bit forward but I had to come over to say you're
attractive (or cute, which ever) but good looks are so common these days. Hi, my
name is (your name) and you are?"
You have now made your intent clear to her.
You have said you approached her because you're attracted to her. You have
shown you are conﬁdent. You have also made it clear that any step forward is due
to you wanting to know her not as a platonic friend.
2. Transition to conversation
Now you converse, ﬂirt, be light hearted. This is not the time to be serious but
rather stay light hearted. Ask about her or any topic, or what she's up to,
whatever.

3. Asking for the number
When you're done conversing you can then say..
"It was great talking to you. I really got to get going but love to take you out for a
drink or coﬀee to continue talking with you."
She responds positively, then give her your mobile phone to add her number and
you exchange yours as well.
Now true intent is clear. There is no hinting. There is no "oh if she's into me or
not."
This is where you made mistake. The beginning. Most typical guys always make
the mistake from the beginning in playing safe. The start with comfort and not
attraction and screw it all up.
Comfort later. Attraction ﬁrst. Be fun, ﬂirt, converse, let woman know you're
attracted to her ﬁrst before you ask for number.
4. Text and keep it light hearted > Then Phone Call.
Now you got her number. You text her some fun and she responds. Great. Now
move it to phone call to talk but you still stay fun, light hearted, and add a little
comfort. Confort is where you share a little of yourself and she does too. However,
not too much. Only 10-15 minutes or less on phone.
If you're conversing for 5 hours on phone then something is wrong. You need to
not be that available. You got a life to live and most of all, you're investing far too
much time on someone who has yet dated you.
On phone lead to the date without labelling it as a date...
"There's a great place that has awesome reviews. How about we go together and
check this place out and we can drink. There is a great area where we can walk
too, blah blah.."
You don't ask permission "will you date me?"
You lead as I have shown.
When done, and she said yes, it's time to hang up with understanding you'll still
both keep in touch anyway. So if you've both decided in a week you'll meet, don't
leave it till then to converse on phone.
It be awkward. Call in middle of week and near the end. Sprinkle some fun text in
between. Don't spend hours on phone.
You can talk and get to know each other more when you meet face to face.
Right now, you're not even on ﬁrst base because you started it without true
intent. You've invested hours on phone call and so forth, without making it clear
to her the reason why.
The woman isn't going to suddenly say, "OOoh I like you! I want you. Please let's
go out together."
So be direct and get it sorted. Don't wait. No playing hard to get games. This is not
the way to establish trust with a woman you like.
Don't listen to your friends as they have ill advised you. They immature giving
such advise. You lead, move fast and if she doesn't put eﬀort in, then ok. Move on.
The faster you take action without giving hints, the faster you know where you
stand. The faster you know if you invest more or not at all.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it frowned upon to exhibit one’s muscles in public via
my choice of clothing, and therefore bothersome to my
parents?
Adam Taha, I love to feel good and training hard in the gym does that for me
Updated Feb 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I personally don't worry about what others are thinking about what I wear
because of my muscles. As you can see from my answers.
People will tell you what they believe, what they perceive and do so, mostly due
to their own fears and own discomfort.
However, I don't wear muscle tight sports gear or shirts kind of thing. The things I
wear still show my muscles.
These are some of the type of clothes I wear....

This style too..

This with leather jacket...

This..

If you got strong chest, shoulders, traps this style looks impressive. I have exactly
style of clothes too with accessories of wrist chains and chain..

Then there's the leather jacket style. I like long leather jackets and included them
in my clothes range...

Now don't forget the things women don't see. They are just as important than you
think. One day, you're with a woman, you've got to know each other and you both
undress and you wearing some dumb inner pants.
NO. No. No. You must make sure these stuﬀ are also sorted. It shows you're know
your stuﬀ. So here's the inside stuﬀ for ideas..(can't believe I am sharing this but
some guys don't take this seriously when they need to)...
Wear briefs....

And no god damn socks with holes. Be immaculate, clean, right to everything you
can imagine. That includes cut your nails, shave etc. These are important for
women and they do notice. But forget even that. For yourself.
In addition - I see the accessories for men as part of clothing too. They add a bit of
touch to your style. Plus great conversation builders. If you can ﬁnd very unsual
ones that has dragon heads, and chain that dangles on your chest that has a touch
shiny on the object that hangs on the chain, it makes a diﬀerence.
For now here's some ideas...

What Not To Wear
Dressed under styled. It's average and it shows a man knows shit about clothes. It

shows he has no idea. I see many guys have no style sense. It doesn't take much to
go beyond average....

Below: The subcommunication (visual) is too old. You won't stand out from
millions of average guys who wear clothes like this. If he took that oﬀ and just
wore one of shirts I shown, add leather jacket with light jeans and some chains,
wrist chains...you see big diﬀerence.....

Below - This is when a guy just tries way too hard. It might get you attention but it
won't get you the right one. The alarm bells will go way up in a woman's mind
when she's you wearing this shit. You make it way too hard for yourself...

Your trousers should be straight, falling just on your trainers or shoes. Not like
this baggy nonsense look. You need to know how a man dresses and yhis ain't it.
Take care in type of trousers you buy, get it measured, try them on with,...the
shoes you are going to wearing them....

Another example of how not to wear your trousers and jeans..

Conclusion
So you can have a great body and wear clothes like this, with accessories on hand
wrist bands, chains and still show oﬀ your muscles. I'm not saying change
anything. I am not saying please others either. I am saying use the imagination to
your advantage.
In other words...leave room for their imagination ;)
When I am in a night club, street, whatever - women see me and I can see the
smirk on their face they try so hard to pull back and hide. Their head turn or they
start chatting to their friend while looking at me.
Leave things to imagination.
I call it "fuck their mind ﬁrst" ;)
21.4k Views · View Upvoters

My beautiful online girlfriend dumped me four days before we
were supposed to meet. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You haven't even met this person to call her a girlfriend.
So this "dumped" isn't there because nothing really happened except some
conversation behind a screen. For all you know this person isn't who they say
they are. It can be a guy or someone wanting fun and attention.
What you should do?
First move on and this time.....
Have a qualifying process.
Qualifying is what many people don't do. It is to have standards. So you're not
going to invest much time, emotions on someone who you feel isn't really up to
rising up to these standards because they may not be for real or messing around.

One photo is not a qualiﬁer.
Here's what I mean by qualifying...
A) Have they a facebook Page?
See how many friends, photos they've shared, activity in comments. Don't let
Conﬁrmation Bias get in the way, where you so badly want it to be true to not see
the red ﬂags.
B). Move conversation to phone
Instead of private messages and emails alone you move conversation to phone. If
the person is for real then it builds conmfort and removes awkwardiness. If they
are unwilling to talk on phone, then move on.
You let them know you're moving on because you're not going to spend time and
energy on someone who won't meet half way.
C) Webcam.
Get the person to converse with you, face to face using Skype and webcam to see
them. If they say no, move on.
D) Meeting Face To Face
Since you've done the steps - met online, conversed on phone, talked face to face
on Webcam, then it's time to arrange to meet in a safe location where there are
lots of people.
If you don't have standards by qualifying people online, you might be talking to
some teen who wants attention, or a dude, or someone who is doing this for fun
and attention. Nothing else but that.
I have standards for not just dating but everything in my life. Like, if someone
leaves a comment. Have they been active on Quora? Have they invested time to
share answers or not? Are they talking to me without judging me in the comment
section? Are they being polite or an asshole, a bitch, trying to be political correct
ot telling me I'm sexist etc?
If they don#t rise to my standards, they don't get my attention, It's delete
comment with message saying in comment why I deleted. If they still act like
they want to ﬁght, I report them and block them.
That's my standards. I don't care about someone else's standards but my own.
In life, in dating, in business, in sociual life, choosing friends, i have standards. I
qualify who gets my time, connection, friendship etc.
703 Views · View Upvoters

Are people more likely to value physical appearance or
personality when it comes to ﬁnding a lifelong partner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're talking about diﬀerent values and each play it's part.
Perceived value.

This is what the person sees ﬁrst. So whatever is in their unconscious mind,
biology, in what is attractive to them physically - then this grabs their attention.
Every person is diﬀerent in what attractive and what isn't means to them. The
pereived value is the sexual appeal, the outer appearance.
The outer appearance includes conﬁdence, way someone speaks, or shy. Also
what the other person hears.

So things that are visual and diﬃcult to prove because at that moment, a person
can look appealing, what he or says can be appealing but....it's all not yet
concrete. Think of it as the halo eﬀect.
It is based on assumptions. The thing with perceived value is this - it's easy to
fake.
Absolute Value
Here's where it gets interesting because absolute value is the key to what keeps
the relationship. It's the real status. It's not based on assumptions and instead the
person experiences it and sees the person a bit more clear.
It's not just about personality but also about how they make you feel, their sense
of humour, their career, ﬁnancial status, lifestye, education,core values, goals in
life and a lot of things that you just can't fake for a long period of time.
With relationship, long-term,. life partner = absolute value matters
You can't fake absolute value for years. The person will see your life, get to know
you, ﬁnd out about what you do, who you associate with, your lifestyle quite fast.
If they don't - then they begin to question and get suspcious, feel something isn't
right.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

In the game of romance would you sacraﬁce your pursuit of
courtship if you knew the person would be happier without
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First you got some self conﬁdence issue. You're not ready for dating or
relationship if you're talking lik e"if they be happier without you."
So cut that out the victim pity programming in your head.
I don't think that way at all. I think any woman who dates me will be happy and I
got a lot of oﬀer in my life as a man. So cut that out.
Second, there are two words you need to understand.
1. Pursue.
This is when you're interested in someone and you said you are to them. So now
they know and they have shown interest in you. Next step then, together you
don't play some dumb play hard to get games but talk, come to an agreement to
meet and get together for date.
You don't need to play around, you don't need to exert lots of eﬀort. It's mutual
and you both moving very fast to talk with each other, text and meet up.
There is no sacriﬁce. This isn't some martry thing. I don't sacriﬁce my job, my
career, my dreams and I don't see me wanting to spend time with a woman
interested in me as sacriﬁce. I'm not going to roll out red carpet or do some
romantic nonsense and sacriﬁce.
You haven't explained about sacriﬁce but even then, to think of such a word when
one hasn't even dated the person, got to know the person, long relatiionship and
all that, to talk of such things.
2. Chase
Chase is very diﬀerent because chasing is when you've shown interest to the
other person, told them you're interested, asked them out - and they are playing
hard to get. They are not responding.

You don't chase. If the other person isn't showing interest, isn't exerting eﬀort
like you are, moving fast, getting engaged and excited about meeting up....you
leave them alone. You move on.
523 Views · View Upvoters

Why does this girl behaving extra nice to a guy in my oﬃce?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're calling the other guy "nice guy" and yet, you are demonstrating behavior of
a "nice guy." I mean the guy who plays it safe, looking for signals, rattled up with a
girl who is doing whatever with a guy.
So here's what you need to do.
Stop looking for signals
Forget why she does this and that
Man up, ﬁnd your balls and ask her out.
That's really it.
I don't need anymore information.
You need to stop looking, evaluating, and using logic, trying to rationalise her
motives., What her motives are, doesn't mean a thing.
What does is you removing the clutter in your head and all you see, focus on the
girl no matter what she is doing, and ask her out.
Tell her you think she's cute, attractive, and you'll like to take her out for a drink
to get to know her.
And if she plays hard to get, if she says she doesn't know, if she doesn't give you a
clear answer, yes, and all you hear is bullshit...walk away.
Words similar to these..
I don't know
I am not looking for a serious relationship
I'm busy doing blah blah
I have a boyfriend
Don't give her anymore attention and she can play around with the rest of the
chumps. Say, "ok," smile and walk away.
However, if she shows interest, says yes, exchange numbers and get with it.
That is all you need to focus on.
Anything else, looking for signals, what this means, why she behaving this way
and that way are distractions.
So approach and get closure and move on or forward.
246 Views · View Upvoters

Do women tend to ﬂirt more aggresively with shy guys than
with other guys?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If they ﬁrting with you aggressively, then you probably haven't had experience in
regards to ﬂirting. Anything small be aggressive to shy guys. A little smile, a little
touch, whatever is like "oOooh wow."
They probably ﬂirting for you because of their own egos, for practice, for fun etc.
It's for their own motive.
I'm in night club, and I have lots of women ﬂirting with me. Does that mean they
trust me? Of course not.
I am at work, in a department not one girls knows me because only deal with
CEOs, as I am hired to ﬁx problems of a high level.
So when women working in other department, they don't even know me.... they
are ﬂirting with me, does that mean they trust me? No, of course not.
Women ﬂirt for many reasons, motives, which can be:
They ﬂirt to have fun, feel good
They ﬂirt because they are bored.
They ﬂirt because they want some attention
They ﬂirt to feel they can STILL pique a man's interest
They ﬂirt to boost their self esteem
They ﬂirt to show oﬀ to others - social proof etc
They ﬂirt to practise, to test, to get good at ﬂirting for future.
Then there other reasons are..
They ﬂirt for motive for favour - drink, tasks etc.
They ﬂirt for companionship/making friends
They ﬂirt for a goal, i.e. dating
They ﬂirt for sex
For a shy guy, it can seem aggresive but for another guy who is conﬁdent, very
sociable, it's not a big deal.
He knows what's going on and he knows diﬀerence because he'll qualify, he'll be
very direct as I am and see and if she seest interested in him.
If not, he'll not give her attention. He'd walk away.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Yiğit Kocabaş

Why do I keep seeing a guy I like name everywhere?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

“The human understanding when it has once adopted an opinion (either as being
the received opinion or as being agreeable to itself)......draws all things else to
support and agree with it." – Francis Bacon
It's called.conﬁrmation bias.
You constantly want to intrepret what you desire, to be true. So you try to prove it
true, when really such a name would be here and there anywhere.
You didn't seee it to be so common but now you do, because your mind is ﬁxed in
wanting to believe that there is some divine, fate, whatever connection between
you and the guy you like.
Example..

You one day using tumblr, and you look at lots of red heads. Let's say you like red
heads. (by the way try this and you'll see what I mean). You so want it happen so
bad. You want see red heads, date red heads and so you go for a walk.
What do you know?
You see red heads, everywhere and you think, "it must be destiny. It must be fate.
It must be the universe telling you something.
There MUST be a meaning.
Not really.
It's called...frequency illusion.
“Be careful. People like to be told what they already know. Remember that. They get
uncomfortable when you tell them new things. New things…well, new things aren’t
what they expect. They like to know that, say, a dog will bite a man. That is what
dogs do. They don’t want to know that man bites a dog, because the world is not
supposed to happen like that. In short, what people think they want is news, but
what they really crave is olds…Not news but olds, telling people that what they
think they already know is true.” Terry Pratchett through the character Lord
Vetinari from his novel - The Truth: a novel of Discworld
You're mind has ﬁltered out other data, and you're so ﬁxed with this; that you see
lots of red heads people. However, they always been there. It's just wasn't
important for you back then. Now it does matter.
When it's not important to you....your mind will make sure to ﬁlter what isn't a
priority, what's not important to narrow the frequency to see what you want to
see. It will disregard lots of things going around you.
If you just had a breakup - you suddenly hear and meet people who have broken
up. Lots of them. OR...you hear songs in cafe, in street, in a shop, wherever you
go, about breakups.
You might, as an example you get pregnant or your a man and his partner is
pregnant - and suddenly you see TV channels playing commericials about babies,
baby toys, baby this, baby that.
You walk outside and see billboards about babies.
Then you're sitting and people around you talking about baby issues. Or a couple
of people talking about what their baby did or children did.
The thing is - all this informatio, activity around you.....was always there.
It's just your mind has now ﬁltered lots of other stuﬀ and narrowed it's frequency
to what's more on your mind and what you're experiencing etc.
So this is you so hungry, desiring, yearning for.... validation, acceptance from this
guy. Conﬁrmation Bias.
10.6k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my girlfriend, and I want to text her to see if
she's okay. What can I say?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Leave her be.
She ain't some fragile princess. Guys think women are fragile. They looked after
themselves before they ever set eyes on a guy. And they faced challenges before
and overcome them.

Leave her alone, focus on your career.
Last thing she needs is a guy who had in past suddenly calling, especially a guy
who broke up with her - and - suddenly start getting her emotional, remembering
things that took time for her to put behind her.
Move on and focus on the goals, whatever you broke up with her for.
If she wanted to talk with you, she would have called.
Don't contact her and move on.
11.9k Views · View Upvoters

There's this guy who gave me his number but only text me once.
What does it mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Text him back, show interest and be deﬁnite. No wishy, washy hints.
Like this.
"Hey (his name), listen, there's a great place called (name of place) and I think
you're cute, and thought if you'd like to come out with me and check it out.
Maybe this week. "
Now you have used texting proper way i.e. you said..
1. You like him.
2. You're interested to know more of him
3. You have lead with a goal.
Now if he doesn't move his ass then you now know, he is not interested and just
gave number to be polite.
But if he is interested, he will say something close to "yes blah blah."
Then converse, talk, be fun, light hearted, no negativity to sort day and time.
If you want clarity. If you want closure. Make a move, show interest and then it's
up to him to take action. Action speaks louder.
So if he doesn't take action, move on and focus on someone else.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ignore a guy who looks at me, but never tries to talk to
me? This has gone on for 4 months. We work in a grocery store.
I really like him.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you really want a guy who has shit social skills? I mean, from your comment I
read here...
You said hello and tried to talk to him but he didn't respond
You added him on facebook and sent a message and does shit to reply
He ignores you when you make any proactive action
How about he's not that into you and just likes the attention - or - he hasn't got
any god damn balls to initiate because nowadays guys have lost their balls
somewhere between becoming a boy and a man.

Next move if you wish, is go up to him, face to face like you're ballsy woman and
say,..
"Listen, I'm interested in you and I was thinking we'd go out for a drink together
this week."
Tell it to his face. Bring it right in front of him and if he squeals like a mouse, or
says he's not interested, there we go.
Now he can fuck oﬀ and you can direct your attention somewhere.
This is then problem with signals from men and women. It doesn't work. It just
creates confusion, frustrations and most of all, if someone loves attention and
that's it...they will play you and exhaus you mentionally and emotionally.
If I like a woman I'm not going to be dancing, walking on eggshells and I dont'
give a damn what others think of me. Stuﬀ who thinks I'm a fool.
I just go for it.
So try the direct approach and that way you can move on.
You've tried the indirect. Now the direct approach.
Forget all this "it makes me a fool" and "what others might think" and fear with
rejection. You want clarity, right? You want clear cut answers, right?
Ok. This is how it's done. Screw all that playing safe. Face to face, smile, be direct
and now if he says no, gives excuses, let him go.
Aproach him directly so you get closure.
Either way, you have grabbed the opportunity to grow. It feels good, believe if you
see it in mindset that you're not leting life, people, opinions get in way.
It's an awesome feeling to be free from such shackles.
You got this. Go for it ;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it hard to get a girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why is so hard to ﬁnd a girlfriend?

Because you think these are what attract women:
IQ 135
Studied engineering and math
Finished master in IT and BUsiness
Earn good salar
Practise sports
Forget you got degree, salary etc in conversations and start approaching women.
I mean seriously approach women and stop talking about these things.
Lighten things up. Tone this down.
Be fun and just go out and socialise like crazy.
Make a woman feel alive.
You need to get yourself out there, approach and get good at letting go, and be
fun. Just approach women, chat, talk, converse, get used to talking in their

emotional language.
Don't talk about money, salary, job, what you do and all that. That's comfort
stage. Comfort is left way back.
Maybe you talk way too much.
Maybe you're conversation is dry
Maybe you're boring
Maybe you don't approach enough
Maybe you don't know enough
Maybe your social skills ain;'t that great
Because let's face it. If you are mentioning all these facts, about degree, income,
blah blah then that tells me you haven't got a clue regarding attracting and dating
women.
Yes, you are missing something.
To make them..... feel alive. It's about feeling.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

I made a huge mistake by swiping left on Tinder. I've been
thinking about him ever since. Is it weird to message him on
Facebook?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget weird, desperate. Just message him without saying anything about tinder.
Just say...
"I see we got mutual friends on FB and wanted to say and wondered...if you're on.
Tinderi."
Now he won't know about tinder blah blah. You don't need to mention. Start
clean slate and take from there.
Just talk on chat when he responds and lead to...
"I know this is a bit forward and I wasn't sure in beginning but would you like to
meet for a drink?"
;)
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

There's this girl I like and she likes me to but she got herself a
boyfriend recently and told me. What can I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop giving her attention. If she was really into you, she would have dated you
and if you had the balls...you'd have asked her out long before she met someone.
Move on man.
She's got a boyfriend. What you wants us to tell you. Play around? Get her to
cheat? Do some drama? Act needy and desperate?
Just move on because you'll just be that guy who is giving a girl attention, ego
stroking because she feels she can pull some guy. Next you be texting back and
forth and nothing.

Words don't mean a god damn thing in dating. Action speaks louder. Therefore
move on. You're wasting your time over one girl when the planet is full of
amazing girls who will be into you. Girls who will like to date you and not just say
they like you but...date you.
Next time though, if you like a girl...if you have waited...don't. Don't wait, looking
for signals but take action
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Am I the only white girl that seems
to only be attracted to Arab men?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I'm Arab and I have arab friends who also attract white women. As an arab
male in UK, I prefer white women.
Nearly all my arab friends, are dating white british women and so am I.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What are some speciﬁc examples of conversation starters that
you have used?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Hi, are you wearing glasses because your smart or faking it?
Girl - (smiles) I'm faking it
Flirt some more, conversed, exchanged numbers, and had fun dating. Amazing
woman she was.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Me - Excuse me, I was walking to bank and saw you. I had to come over to say
you're attractive but what caught my eye are these (ppinting but still eye contact
on her face)
Her- My high heels?
Me - Yes. I have seen women wear very high ones like this but they walk like they
penguines ready to fall ﬂat but you, you're walking like it's easy. Did you do any
drama classes (smile)
Her - Hahaha. No. Just took me a while to break into them
Had a good conversation with her at bus stop, number exchange and dated etc
etc.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Me - Excuse me, you dropped something. Go down to pick up.
Her - Oh thank you. Wait a minute.
Her - (Smiling) Yes that's my number (grins)
Her - (laughs) Now that's a new one.
Me - Well, it's not as lame as "Hi, you look cute."
Her - True
Flirted more, conversed, had a laugh, exchanged numbers. Called me before I did
and we dated etc etc

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Older woman in 30's texting while standing at Tube station
Me - Excuse me, you're not allowed to text her
Her - I'm not?
Me - Yes not allowed because there's more important things to do
Her - Like?
Me - Talking to me. (smiles) Hi my name is Adam
Her - (laughs) You're a cheeky sod aren't you?
Me- At least I'm not boring texting ;)
Bantered back and forth, teasing positively, conversed. She gave me her number,
snatched my phone, added hers. Met a week later and dated...etc etc.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Young woman with glasses looking at me, and lowers her sunglasses
Me - OMG! You're objectifying me and checking my ass?
Her - No, No. I was just
Me - Hahaha. Relax. I'm joking. What you're doing around this crazy mad place
called Camden?
Her - Was going to go for a walk and meet some friends too
Me - I am too. When you're meeting them?
Her = In about a couple of hours
Me - Ok then. We got time to kill,. (reached out my hand) Let's go for a walk, have
fun if you're not boring, and I'll bring you right back or where you'll meet your
friends.
(walked about, got some drinks, conversed, had fun, kissed and took her to meet
her friends. Had a laugh with her friends and....they told her she bettter call me.
She did and we dated etc etc etc..
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Young woman walking by and looked at me
Me - Hey I saw you looking
Her - I wasn't
Me - Yes you were. Come here
Converse, ﬂirted. She called me a player
Me - You're dad and mum are players.
Her - I..erm..
Me - Gotcha! Ok lets cut from the games. I'm Adam. You are?
Conversed, had fun and we went walk about, hold hands, cafe, drinks, kissed and
exchanged numbers. Dated four days later etc etc....
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There we go.

Some of my conversation starters.
Don't try them if you have low conﬁdence, have neediness and desperation to
impress women. Try small stuﬀ ﬁrst and approach tons of women to get
conﬁdent and forget about dating and all that.
The experience will get you're conﬁdence up and ﬂow easier.
Also, depends on the country you're in. You know the culture. So bear this in
mind as I am in England.
9.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I'm 19 years old and have never kissed a girl
before?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you should do?
The opposite if you want to date, kiss a girl and all that. It's not going to happen as
most think - where you get busy with your goals, passion etc. I have tons of guys
right now who do just that. Very good profession. Very good income but shit,
completely, absolutely so shit at attracting women.
I mean down right, "haven't got a damn clue" kind of shit.
It doesn't happen like most tell you.
If you want to date, then be proactive in doing so.
But if you're asking because you might think something is wrong with you
because you haven't kissed a girl before - no, nothing wrong with you.
You just not spent time focusing on dating/.
You might have wanted to but your social skills are the pits.
You might like to do but you fear rejection
You might desire to but you don't do anything about it.
Girls are not going to walk up to you, smile and say, "hello baby, give me a kiss."
You have to be proactive.
You need to learn what to do, have conﬁdence and go for it. Approach girls.
You need to start now because you need to get tough emotionally, sort your head
out, get through tons of rejection, know what to say, do, how to handle all sorts of
shit that comes your way.
But you won't know and be way out of your depth if you haven't done anything to
be proactive about dating.
Start approaching girls if...you want to date, and kiss.
Learn now.
8.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to make a girl believe that you truly love
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you tell a woman that you love her?

If you're asking this question then it means you both haven't either dated yet, and
if so, you don't confess such feelings until you do date for sometimes, been
intimate, gone through challenges. Or it is immature.
But if you are dating her or in relationship, which I doubt, then the comfort stage
is not there yet, and you worry too much of what others think i.e. her.
I don't confess such feelings ever to a woman in early stages, never to a woman I
don't know, and I don't until I have dated her, we have become intimate, we have
overcome challenges together, there maybe a span time, whether 6 months 2
years, whatever - and I say it to her because I mean it.
I don't ever say such words to impress and to a woman I don't know, and who
doesn't know me, and has spent lots of time with me, intimately, sexually and
with above I have mentioned.
I just look at her, smile brush her hair aside, and look into her eyes and say..#
"When I ﬁrst met you, I wasn't sure but as the time went by, and I got to know you,
your quirky eyebrow moves, your cute laugh, the way you are smart with
computer programming, (or playying guitar whatever), the way you remember
things I like, how you love reading books tucked into the side of a sofa with a
large quilt like you're on some imginary adventure....I can say say....I am in love
with you...
Even the things that annoy me about you, are so damn cute. Whatever you do,
don't change. You're amazing to me and I am in love with you.."
That's how I say I love a woman and I don't say these words lightly.
34.3k Views · View Upvoters

A rival is stealing my customers by giving almost everything
free, what can I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's very easy to get distracted by working on the competitive plan. Lowering
prices, increasing prices, giving free, blah blah. Doing so, is easy for competitors
to copy, adjust and so forth.
The problem then is not that the competitor is taking your customers because
customers are as loyal as a cat.
What you need to focus on is the creative plane:
1. Look at your strategy and ask yourself what can you do for the customers that
your competitor cannot do. Unique is not a design, it is what you do for your
customers that others just won't give time to do or be bothered to do.
2. Look at the whole big picture because when you're strategy is not one thing but
encompasses the whole of your business, like it's a culture, it is very diﬃcult for
other businesses to copy. They can try but you know as well as I do, that most are
lazy as shit, when you create a strategy that brings unique value proposition to
your customers that embraces the whole process of your business.
So don't be distracted by looking at your competitor.
Look at how you can become more valuable, enriching their life, not just buying
stuﬀ but it encompasses your whole business structure and culture.
I have people right now, where a competitor will give free and my customers
won't even bother, because I do something other competitors won't.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Relationship Advice: What should one do if her girl friend
breaks up a day after telling her dad about their relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has nothing to do with any of what she says.
She really didn't see a future with the guy in the ﬁrst place which is why she
wanted to keep it quiet. The rest are just excuses for a decision that was already
made long before and is just some crutch to use.
The guy had probably many red ﬂags but just typical guy, scared of losing her
instead of seeing what is really happening.
So anything her dad said, was only to reinforce what she was already thinking. No
one forced her to not make friends and all that while she was in a relationship,
was there? So that's an excuse if no one did.
She's not going to say, "I was thinking of breaking up for a while now but couldn't
bring myself to say it."
Instead, this is how she does it.
502 Views · View Upvoters

How do I go about dating a girl who is still in love with her ex
and is trying to get over him? I try to help her as a friend, but I
can't help but feel that my desire to date her creates some sort
of ethical dilemma. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You'll be advised be her friend. You can be her Tampon as she vomits her stories
about her ex to you; back and forth calling, texting and all that.
My advice...is going to sound harsh but it's only because you can cut through the
bullshit and see it for what it is, and not what you'd like it to be.
So..either approach, be light hearted, fun, ﬂirt, converse and then ask her out or
move on. If she says no, move on.
Because if you be friends with her...
The chances of her seeing you as platonic is very high and she may never see you
as the sexual guy, the lover but a platonic guy friend.
Sooner than you think, she be back and forth with her ex, fucking each other. If
he called now, she'd jump at the chance.
It will go like this..
1. You spend tons of time with her being her "friend" which by the way is
dishonest because you're not really being a friend to be....there...for her. Intention
is she opens her legs for you, hoping she fall for you, hoping she get over her ex.
It's not honest.
2. Then one day, you will ﬁnd her saying, "Oooh, I so miss him. I met
her..YESTERDAY and...we fucked so hard but...Oooh I don't know."
3. Then you will try to say to her, "I'm attracted to you blah blah."
And she will say to you..."OOoh, my head isn't right. I need more time to myself.."
as she goes back and forth fucking her ex.
4. You will later ﬁnd, she either dates back with her ex or....you ﬁnd she is dating
someone else because why bother dating you, when she can get your time,

emotional support for..FREE.
This doesn't mean she is bad, crazy, or uses you etc. It's just human nature. It's
not a gender issue. It's human nature. How we are wired.
She can get what you're going to as a friend anyway. She can get from lots of
people or the few. She CAN. Don't be disillusioned that she hasn't got a network to
access, friends and relatives.
She can get that anyway.
So you're not giving her anything she can't get anyway.
So no. What she needs isn't a friend who is pretending to be a friend, hoping for a
chance, right time to ask her out. She has tons of friends. She may have many
guys like that too, orbiting around her. She has her girlfriends. She has her
relatives for support.
She needs to have her space to sort her shit out on her own.
You're not her therapist. If she's not interested in you, move on and approach
other girls because last thing you want to do is coming back here and ask..
"How do I get out of the friendzone.."
Which by the way does't exist and is just a way of a guy saying, he is friends with a
girl who won't date and sleep with him.
Forget this nonsense of being friends with her because the intention is not really
friends. The intention is really HOPING she falls for you.
2 years and she hasn't got over it.
Approach, make intent clear and if she isn't interested...move one.
Because if you do what most advise in being friends, you let her dictate and
assume, and frame the perception of you as a platonic type of friendship.
Not a lover type.
Yes, it's harsh but it isn't as brutal, harsh spending many weeks, months, phone,
texing, your emotions, on a girl and ﬁnd she isn't into you.
That will be brutal later for you.
Best you approach, ask her out and if she says no, move on. Done. None of this
knight saving some princess.
They are not princeses. They don't need saving. Women are not fragile. They
don't need saving.
38k Views · View Upvoters

If a woman tells you she wish you asked to date her sooner then
later now that she's seeing someone Els what does she mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That she is seeing someone else, she's unavailable and probably saying it to you,
to give you some validation i.e. letting you down easily.
She's being polite in saying no.
If a woman said that to me, I'd move on and I won't be waiting either. Instead of
looking for some hidden meaning. Move on is what it needs to mean for you.
She's unavailable.

That's all you need to know.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you recommend to get into a relationship at early or older
age?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're doing what most typical guys does - thinking too much of the bigger
picture. You don't see someone, get star struck, putting a person a pedestal by
thinking..
"OOoh she;s gorgeous. Out of my league. I so want a relationship with her."
You ﬁrst approach, ﬂirt, converse, be fun and ask her out.
Relatonships if it happens, happens gradually through time. You don't know her
well enough, to even think about long-term relationship.
Don't play it safe thought with the bullshit if "let's be friends."
Most play it safe, trying to be platonic which wastes a lot of time because she
don't know you're interested in her - and so - her mind will dictate you to be a
friend.
So don't invest too much time on someone who you don't know if they interested
in you. First ﬁnd that out.
Approach, be light hearted, not serious, fun, and converse.
Now do you think she has ok personality? Does she treat you with respect and
others around her? Or she up her ass with insecurities, awkward and you feel
she's just going to make it real awkward when dating? Do you see something
deeper that you like about her than her looks?
If it's positive, then you ask her out.
So step back, stop putting her on a pedestal, and all this talk about relationship
and just get stuck in. She might say no.
Then what?
You built all that fantasy and idea of her in your head and nothing. That's why
rejections hurt real bad.
So move fast, see how it goes and if nothing, move on fast.
Believe me, you're going to be dating other girls as you go along. You'll also get
lots of rejection too. Just move forward fast and move on fast.
You're young, get some experience under your belt.
You need some if you see girls and start thinking relatationship and all that
before you even got to know her, and seen if she's interested.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

We both love each other but she says we don't have a future.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"I can't let her go like this"
"I.....Me...."
Love is about "us." Not "I."

If the other person doesn't feel same way as you do, then you don't have much of
a choice.
She's said openly that you she doesn't see a future in you both. That means she
doesn't want to really stay put with you but move on in future.
It's not something you can force her to change.
Instead you focus on yourself than trying to change her.
So whether you "can't" deal with it and believing she's the one is not going to ﬁx
anything. There is no 'the one.' There is only someone who want to be with you
and sees a future with you.
It's not a one sided decision.
You're feeling, your love doesn't mean it's ever enough.
It never is.
The other person, her, has to want to as well and since she's been honest with you
about it, don't push it. Just enjoy the time you have with each other.
Or you can decide to break up.
But don't assume there's some magic bullet for this. She's decided and has said
she don't see a future with you both.
Listen to the feedback. This is her feelings.
It's not her telling you to then try and ﬁx her. Nothing to ﬁx.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

I told my crush that I liked him, and before I walked away he
smiled and said ok. What does that mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like going to someone and saying..
"I like cats."
"I like cars."
"I like holidays."
And person awkwardly replies.. "Erm ok."
Like "so what? Ok. So? What you saying?"
So what you're saying is...
1. You missed the most important step
2. You didn't say you like his number so you can both go out together (dating)
3. You just walked away when he was right there, in front of you to ask whatever
else you wanted.
4. Then you come here like most, asking us to read his mind?
Finish what you start and asking him directly.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

I am a woman who does not want children. Is that undesirable
for men?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Every man is diﬀerent as every woman is diﬀerent. Each come from diﬀerent
environment, cultures and with diﬀerent value system. Each man will have
diﬀerent desires, needs, wants and also will have diﬀerent fears.
Including experiences, of past marriages, relationships - negative and postive
experiences, which can impact one's own perception in life.
So what one man desires will be diﬀerent to another man.
This then is about compatibility and so you will need to attract a man who
doesn't desire children.
There will be some men who don't want children but even.
Best to be honest in beginning to a man as he may wish children.
You will ﬁnd some men don't want children and it will be much easier to attract
such a man if you're honest and up front about it in the beginning.
437 Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach a really hot girl, even though I'm shy as hell?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop deﬁning yourself as shy for starters. Do you realise how this fucks up your
mind?
When people say...
"I'm not good at this."
"I'm not a techie person."
To "I'm an introvert, extrovert, shy, have social anxiety..."
This is self sabotage, self programming for failure and it needs to stop.
So ﬁrst stop deﬁning yourself with these labels. I used to do that and yes, shy and
all that, but now here I am conﬁdent and approaching women like I don't give a
shit. I ﬁgured out what I was doing to my mind and sorted it out. You know what I
realized? Everyone is shy, in an environment that they don't know anything about.
Unfortunately, many guys spend way more time over thinking rather than doing
and then they expect to go from ZERO to HERO with women on the ﬁrst attempt.
Of course it's going to be diﬃcult to approach women if you don't know any. Of
course you're going to put women on pedestal if you haven't approached, dated
and fucked many. Of course you're going to feel intimidated. What do you expect
if you haven't harnessed your social skills to approach not just women, but lots of
people? Most guys wait--fucking wait--and have no experience, poor social skills,
lack of knowledge about this area and are ill-prepared when a girl they like shows
up. And if you have no experience, of course you're going to screw it up too! in
fact you're screwing up right now with this neediness, desperation and putting a
woman on a pedestal like she's a damn princess.
When you're in an environment or doing a task you have never done before or
haven't done often enough, you will feel discomfort and anxiety. And the stress
soars even higher if your goal was gaining approval, validation and acceptance (to
be liked). That is what you are doing now. Putting some woman on a pedestal,
saying she's so hot, and how shy you are. No mate, it's not the shyness holding
you back...you are out of your depth.
You've have not done this 100 times before.
You have not got social skills.

You have not mingled with lots of people.
You don't even know how to bloody converse with a woman if you
approached her right now.
You are out of your depth, not because she's hot, but because you haven't invested
the time to gain the experience that provides the information, knowledge, expertise,
conﬁdence and skill in ﬂirting, conversing, and bantering to interact with ease.
You see it as "she got to be the one." And "I got to be careful what to say and do."
You plot and plan your words, hesitant to begin without the perfect intro.
She could say no. She might not even be interested in you. Or she might have a
shit personality. She might be insecure at many levels. Maybe you won't be able
to stand talking to her. You are creating all that drama in your head when a 2minute conversation might have demonstrated it was all unnecessary! So forget
that she's hot. Forget she's some princess and just approach and talk to her. Say
hello and see if you even want to date her in the ﬁrst place.
Just because a woman looks attractive doesn't mean anything. It only means
you're attracted to her. Now, you have to approach and see if you even like to
socialise with her, let alone date her. Then when all is well, you must discover if
she's interested in you too. But don't go all serious, putting her on some pedestal,
playing safe, and scared because you "might lose her." Be fun. Light hearted and
just converse ﬁrst. Flirt, have fun and converse. Don't take it seriously and don't
take rejections personally. Just appreciate that you're out of your depth not
because she's so hot, but because you haven't yet done enough work in dating.
Get some experience under your belt to develop conﬁdence in the skill.
PS...
My thanks to Andrew Gumperz for taking the time with editing my answer. Much
appreciated for your time and eﬀort. Thank you.
12.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do I pursue this girl or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why are you asking strangers what to chose?
You know how that looks to a girl when she thinks a guy cannot even think for
himself, and doesn't know what he wants and why?
Own your life. Own your decisions.
Take responsibility for them.
If I liked a woman I approach. I don't need anyone telling me how to live my life,
whether to pursue a girl, what to say, how to ask, and date, and fuck. If I should go
for a job, not go. If I should do this and that.
Don't ask people, strangers and decide for yourself. It has nothing to do with us,
whether you pursue or not.
Do you do things to impress other people?
Decide what you want, why you want to, and then take action or don't.
437 Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl and when we speak on the phone it goes
prettywel but she keeps mentioning that she's busy at work.but

we haven't met in over a month?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is one of the mistakes many of my friends made and they just didn't listen.
They had to learn the hard way.
I mean, they fucking good at computer programming, one is a lawyer, one is an
expert in furniture and yet, their brain doesn't register than I am good at what I
do but no, they like to think they know shit about this.
Everytime they do this, it goes the same way.
1. They rationalise to invest time, emtions on women by being friends and "hope
it might go somewhere, see where it leads.
2. They talk on phone a lot with these women, back and forth.
3. They even hang out like platonic friends.
4. Then the women say, they busy, tired, and slowly but surely these women pull
away, dissappear into the sunset or don't do as much as before.
So what is going on?
You played it safe.
Listen mate.
Don't say you want this and then say..
"BUT...I'm afraid to lose her..."
You say you like her and then like most guys say..
"OOoh but I don't want to lose her friendship."
Then don't bother asking the questiom. Don't bother doing anything. You're not a
risk it all type of guy.
You played it safe and you will keep doing. You don't play safe on these matters
and you don't dsay..
"I like her BUT.."
Fuck but.
What is it?
Is it you like her and want to let her know?
Or you like most guys, "I like her BUT I don't want to lose friendship."
That's not the way to do things in anything.
Decide what you want without the...BUT...but...but.
It is a waste of time for guys like me answering people's questions who are not
resolute, comitted to what they want.
BUT..BUT...BUT.
But I don't want to lose her friemd.
Liek the damn planet is not ful of people. Fear of loss keeps you where you are.
Badboys have this one thing about them..
They risk it all. They will do so even if they lose the girl. They will say it, and risk
it

But you, like mt friends, want something and keep saying..
"BUT...but...I don't want to loser her."
Then STOP IT!
Stop feeding your head with ideas. Stop leading to like her. Leave her alone and
just be friends becasue it is a wasre of time wanting something and unwilling to
risk all.
5. You are focusing on COMFORT. You're screwing things up by leading with
comfort instead of attraction. Attraction, you need to approach women with true
intent that you are attracted to the woman.
Because you're playing safe.
This is the problem from day one. This!
You lead with "I'll be friends with her ﬁrst, and then see where it's going."
Playing safe.
Therefore, you now invest so much time, eﬀort without her knowing your true
intentions. That you like her. You're wasting a lot of time investing and playing
safe, and this behavior is unattractive if you want to be seen as a lover.
If you lead with comfort then you're killing attraction.
You're going on dangerous grounds in her dictating what the role she will see you
as. She will do this automatically because you leave room for assumptions when
you shouldn't
Women do this because they are not gong to say they are attracted to you. They
got so much fear in their head, of being judged, labelled as too easy, slut, whores.
So you need to lead by leading with Attraction ﬁrst.
You need to take the risk from the very beginning.
It is the risk taking, that conﬁdent, that kaboom when you be direct with her that
thrills women, that gets their blookd pumping, that is...the..surprise from their
medicore life of job, tiredness etc.
You're giving something right now she can get anywhere and from any guy, and
any friend and there for it is not gooing to be KABOOOM.
You're leading with Comfort and that gets boring because it has no plan. There is
no seed sown. She is leading then, dictating with assumptions and you're
behavior does that vecause it is not lover type.
She is not excited. She is not anticipating where it will lead to.
It's platonic.
It's platonic type and platonic type does not arouse the woman's brain. It does not
lead her to believe or see you in any other way especially if you're on phone with
her, back and forth, talking and looking at commonalities.
First attraction, second qualifying, third comfort. Not other way round.
Because what happens if the intent isn't there is - she gets bored. She sees it's not
going to go anywhere and women are busy as men are. The pleasure isn't as big as
what's going on in her life right now.
6. But if you lead with comfort, and she ﬁnds out from her gut you like her, she
isn't going to see you in some positive terms.
She will see you like so many guys she sees.

Guys with no balls. Guys who pretend to be her friend to get into her pants.
Guys who don't risk it all from day one.
You also confuse her.
And why did your ex add her to instagram? You talked or something?
So really you screwed this one up.
Stop playing safe from day one. You like a woman then say it to her, approach her
and say it from the very begining.
And if she isn't interested....she isn't interested instead of going through all this
rollercoaster.
530 Views · View Upvoters

How can I semi-anonymously send a love poem to my crush?
(I'm in middle school)
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Read this before you go and do it...
How can I write persuasive love letter that will make any girl fall in love after
reading it?
I won't do it.
It's creepy. It also lacks conﬁdence. You're confessing feelings to someone who is
a human being that doesn't know you in that way. You don't throw words of love
like it's something easy.
You will create awkwardiness and you will ﬁnd yourself in a bit of a situation you
don't want to be in..
Read and see why:
How can I write persuasive love letter that will make any girl fall in love after
reading it?
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Do men like being hugged by women they are not dating, or
would it frustrate them as I have been led to believe?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. Every guy is diﬀerent.
I personally, hug women, smile and don't see anything into it. Doesn't frustrate
me at all. Got tons of women who are friends and we always hug.
Not a problem.
But then again, I'm not a guy who gets infatuated easily, falls in love easily and
see a smile, a hug, a wink, a ﬂirting move as an indication a woman is interested.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it right to lead girls on?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not right to lead anyone on and personally, I won't have the god damn time to
give so much attention to any woman, or anyone else for that matter.
I believe in leading but not that kind of leading.
Leading anyone on, hurt them and it's just manipulative and a jerk move.
The person thinks you care, they call, text, do whatever and they think you're
interested when you're not. That can really hurt a person's self esteem and set
them on a path of depression, and other anxiety issues.
Worse if the girl falls for you, really deep, it can cause a lot of problems for your
social life but also, hurt them deeply.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My best friend is dating a guy I used to text. She doesnt
understand that it hurts me and doesnt stop. What to do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have been texting a guy. Now your best friend is dating and suddenly you're
all up in arms, getting emotional and jelous?
What does a best friend do?
They are happy for each other.
This is your best friend so act as like a best friend.
What you do?
Be happy for your friend. Be supportive for your friend. Be there for your friend
without this drama.
That's what best friends...do.
486 Views · View Upvoters

Once young, what did you want to do when you are older? Now
old, what do you want to do when you are younger?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wanted to write my own lyrics, sing, paint, write stories, inspire people, coach,
mentor and...have lots of sex. Living on my own terms. ;)
Now older - I still write my own lyrics, sing, paint, write stories, inspire and piss
oﬀ people, coach, mentor and...have lots of sex.
And...I live on my own terms.
You know, not bothered about about being grown up and just doing what I like,
and so, that is what I have done.
I think that's why at 40'ish, I look young for my age, happy, feel awesome and
well, I don't have much worries. Life is an adventure, and feel like I am same kid
inside.
Nothing changed, just older, just a number.... and still having fun.
955 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend doesn't like my life choices and told me I will
have to let them go if I want to move forward. He says that my
hobbies (sports, traveling) are not what he wants in a wife and
mother. I don’t want to give up my hobbies. What should I do?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is not a nice guy! Seriously.
This is not a nice guy.
This is a guy pretending to be nice. This is a nice guy that many women avoid like
the plague. Nice guys who pretend for a while until they got their claws in you so
deep, and will unleash mayhem on you in future.
Open your eyes. This guy is not a nice guy. All you see now is what's resurfacing
and there will be much more to come if you fall for the "nice guy" idea.
He's being controlling and manipulative.
He chose to isolate himself and now he wants you to do the same too.
On one hand, you got yourself together.
You've put time in your life with social life and everything else. So you've been
proactive and not hid yourself from the world. You didn't wait for him to do
anything and you also didn't bank your life choices on how he lives and what he
does or not do.
But he....did the opposite.
He chose to hide away from world and not be proactive. Since his world, his
resources of social group, etc has diminished he is now insecure and feels like
you're ﬂying high up while he's swimming in the SHIT that he himself created.
He then maniputates, tells you that you're at fault, that he misses opportunities
to be with people, and can get married blah blah.
He is telling you all this to trap you in a marriage that will mess your life up
because this so called marriage isn't about love.
It's about control.
It is about Controling you and making sure later on, you won't have any
resources. You're on your own, no friends, no social group, and even, he may try
to get you to not work in a job!
That you will rely on him soley and imagine if that happened when he's not
sorted his life out! You'd be screwed.
So if you increased your opportunities, got an awesome job and salary, and HE
DIDN'T, then he'll start creating drama about that too.
This is a massive red ﬂag for future. Massive.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to initiate ﬁrst kiss on the ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You must be young but I don't follow the 'typical' like it's 1950's. The reason why
there is awkwardiness and trying to complicate things is due to initial approach
the ﬁrst time you saw her.
When I approach, she knows it isn't going to be a guy playing platonic boyfriend
but a lover who is conﬁdent. The process from approach, to texting, phone has
framed it so. That when I meet she expects that to happen.
So when I meet, for date, I am smiling, embrace, and I kiss her on forehead, take
her hand and lead on an adventure. Later, we have talked, walked, had fun, I

isolate somewhere and kiss her.
I set the frame from day one and most guys don't.
It's diﬃcult if in the beginning you didn't lead and much of it was playing safe.
Then try to complicte it with tricks, funny, this and that. It's a kiss. It ain't a big
deal and making it so, creates awkwardiness in itself.
That's how I do it. I don't know about anyone else but this has always worked for
me, but I go through a proceses way in beginning so she knows what's going to
happen when we do meet.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would girl act ﬂirty and nice around me when we're alone
but not when she's around her friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The social dynamics has changed.
By that I mean, when she is with you, and her friends are not around, there isn't
much fear of being judged, osstracied and judged by her social circle. When
people are in diﬀerent environment they act diﬀerently especially around
friends,.
The second is this...
You're question shows you are hesistent and fear rejection. If you like the girl
then you need to ﬁnd balls, ﬂirt, converse and ask her out.
There is no use and no meaning to look for signals and wonder why she does this
and that in certain situations.
There is only truth, facts.
You ﬁnd facts by being direct.
Most guys are not because they fear rejection. They up their asses with..
"If I move fast she might think I'm creep. She might think this or that."
Those guys get nowhere and frustrate themselves in wasting time looking for
signals and some meaning.
Be direct.
If you like this girl and she's with you alone, ﬂirting then be conﬁdent. Flirt bac,
converse and ask her out but don't be surprised if she says no.
Because people ﬂirt for many reasons.
1. For fun
2. Boredom
3. For attention
4. To feel good
And ﬁnally, yes, they might do it because thet interested in someone.
When woman ﬂirts, I ﬂirt back for just a few mins, converse and then I am direct
with her. That is when I ﬁnd truth that she's doing it for fun or she's interested in
me.
I don't waste time asking questions on why this and that or look for meaning.

18.9k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if this girl rejects me but she still gives me
hints that she likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let's say the girl you like rejected you.
And she gave hints like this..

OR...this

Or hints like this....

Or hints like this one...;)

Or she gives hints like this...

And ﬁnally this....

It means god damn nothing. Nothing whatsoever. It doesn't mean she like you,
love you, whatever. Hints are dubious, They can be given out due to anxiety,
boredom, protection, fun..
But if she does this.......

And you come here asking what it means...then you need to grow some balls
because if that was me...I won't be here asking what it means.
We're going to rock and roll all through the night ;)
Stop looking for signals. Move on.
She isn't interested and looking for signs, orbting around a woman is for sure,
nothing more than ﬁlling your head with made up stories.
Move on.
Why spend time on someone who has rejected you?
Have self respect and approach and spend time with someone who likes to get to
know you.
15.2k Views · View Upvoters

Guys: What things do you notice about a girl you like (friend or
love interest)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the ﬁrst thing guys notice in girls?

I am speaking for myself.
The truth? Ok, no problem...
Then for me, it is

First her curves i.e.
Her tits
Her ass
He ﬂowing hair
Her face...does she smile? Is she cute?
Clothes she wears
And I have no shame about it either. I'm not going to lie, pretend and make
women think I see personality ﬁrst.
But now here's the thing.
When I approach I need more. If I ﬁnd she is socially awkward, if she is insecure,
if she doesn't smile, if she doesn't converse well.....if I feel no vibe, connection
between us....I walk away.
She can look sexy as hell...I WILL walk away.
So whatever I see ﬁrst isn't enough and will never be enough. I say this because I
don't want dating to be awkward, platonic, boring, like those 1950's movies. I'm a
fun guy, daring, bold, and highly sexual and want an emotional connection both
ways. I don't want to date a woman who is not kind, compassionate and who is
mean. I like kindness, I like compassion, I like woman who has big heart, passion
for life and people.
This is me.
I don't know about any other guy, I don't speak for all men, I speak for myself.
Attraction visual ﬁrst but absolute value keeps my attention i.e. her personality,
her kindness, her compassionate behavior, how she treats me, how she treats
others around her, her social skills, her conﬁdence in her sexuality, her ﬂiting
skills.
If other parts are not there....hell will freeze over....before I ask for her number.
I'm walking away.
If you want me to pretend and not the truth?
Ok..no problem,
Here it is..
The ﬁrst thing I notice is her personality and how she can hold herself together ;)
35.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sarah Jones

Girl doesn't want anything physical?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, don't make it a big deal. She's saying that because like most girls...she
fears being judged as a slut, whore, too easy.
So she just said it and did the opposite with you.
Now think.
It's not mixed signals. It's just you don't have experience on how it is when dating
girls. This is common. It happens a lot.
Example...
A woman can be naked and you naked, she's holding your dick and says..

"Do you want to do this?"
You can go "Oh no, not really" to impress her. If you're inexperienced and looking
for validation, acceptance and fear of loss.
She is saying, "tell me you're not going to judge me."
So I said, "I understand. (smiling), of course I do. You're gorgeous."
Done.We had sex.
With girl you're with, relax, don't make it a big deal.
When she tells you I don't want to get physical, blah blah, you shrug, like it's no
big deal. When girl talks about her ex, it's no big deal.
So ﬂow with it. Relax. Don't over think things.
She's into you, she's making out with you, she just worried you don't judge. You're
role, is not make whatever she says or does a big deal.
Jus chill.
She's touching you ain't she? She's getting physical ain't she? She;s taking your
shirt and clothes oﬀ. It's happening.
Ok then. It's not a big deal.#
This won't be the ﬁrst time. It happens witj women who are even in their damn
40's. Man needs to know to stay calm, make a woman know she's with a man who
isn't going to force her into anything or judge her.
So relax. Roll with it.
Get me?
Just listen, nod, listen, say cool and chill. When she's ready, she will let you know.
Just don't make it a big deal, push and all that.
You're young, no rush. Chill.
She needs to trust you ﬁrst, needs to be comfortable and that takes time. So show
her she can trust you. Don't make it a big deal.
Now if she's kind back and forth, you're frustrated, probably then date someone
else who isn't back and forth.
410 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Patrick Williamson

Should you wait a bit before approaching a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't play games. If I see a woman I like, I approach immediately. I don't try to
be smooth. I approach immediately and I make sure she knows I am interested.
Trying all this 'making her intrigue" by hesitating shows lack of conﬁdence. It's
really putting women on pedestal. I don't believe she is the 'one' and the 'soul
mate.'
I approach fast and I show interest, ﬂrt, converse.
A woman knows you're interested when you approach.
Don't hesistate, make it clear you're interested and ﬁrst see if she's type of girl
you'd want to date anyway. If she is, after you've talked....then ask her out for a
drink. Exchange numbers if she says yes.

Go for it the minute you see her.
If she's not interested then you didn't over think, invested too much time and
emotions. You can move on faster to approach a diﬀerent girl.
Always move fast.
Conﬁdence.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a woman says, "I'll think about it, but
it isn't a bad suggestion," when you asked her to go on a date
with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whatever she means doesn't matter. What matters is you have self respect and so,
you're not going to wait around but move on.
Either it is a Fuck Yes or Fuck No.
She hasn't said yes or no, and was just playing safe. You know, she wants to say
no, or she didn't know what she wants....and said that.
Whatever it means, not your problem.
Me, I'd take it as no and by time a couple days gone by, I'm dating someone else.
Don't wait and don't bother trying to ﬁgure out what it means.
Instead think, "it is not a good enough answer and she didn't show enough interest.
She don't qualify for anymore attention from me. Moving on. Next!"
That's how I roll.
Either fuck no or fuck yes.
Take it as a no.
16.9k Views · View Upvoters

What was the craziest date story that you have ever heard about
or experienced?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was sitting in 6th form. I was now 17 years old and my English was now ok. At
back of a class was this girl no one talks to. She wore everything black. Her black.
Eyeliner black. Nails black but I thought she looked AWESOME.
You see, I came from Yemen, arab country and so, when I came to England I fell
in love with comics to movies about zombies, vampires, evil this and dark this,
wearwolves etc.
So when I saw her, way she was dressed, I was drawn to her.
Students spread rumours that she is weird, that if you touch her, you get a
disease. That she knows the dead and so forth.
Now for lots of teens, this would kind of got a guy to back away and even girls too.
So she wouldn't have many friends or any.
For me. Weird is awesome. Personally, girl that look quirky are attractive. They
are mysterious. They are rebels who don't conform much to what society thinks. I
know I'll have fun with them because they don't worry about what others think.
They've gone past then bullshit due to how life has been for them.

So, I got up as the whole class were gobsmacked and sat next to her.
Even she with her facial expression saying in a way, "WTF someone is sitting next
me!"
I smiled and introduced myself. She smiled nervously.
After the class she said..
"Look. I know you're playing a joke on me and well.."
Me - No, no joke. I heard that if someone sits with you, you catch disaease, and
you know the dead.
I said this really loud. I talk loud and I didn't get used to the social skills stuﬀ. I
come from a family that talk loud.
Even on phone they are like talking really loud and I have to say, "you don't need
to shout because of them being in other parts of world. It's a telephone!"
So I talked loud and everyone in class went quiet and she looked at me and
laughed. This broke the ice. She realised I wasn't tricking her or trying to make
fun of her. I really like to sit with her and get to know her.
Se seemed diﬀerent to everyone else and diﬀerent for me...is what I like.
She laughed, I began to laugh and we walked out of the class together while
everyone was watching, wondering what the hell just happened ;)
Me - So, can you show me the dead?
Girl - You're serious aren't you?
Me - YES! You know, I read comics. American comics. I'm from Yemen. You know.
Arab. I like Frankenstien, zombies, vampires stuﬀ.
She was amused, raising one of her eyebrow as if she's studying ,e.
Girl - Well, my dad runs a funeral business. He brings dead there you know. Want
to come?
Me - YES! Real dead people?
Girl - Yes, for real.
Evening came and I met her. She was surprised I turned up. She took me to her
dads funeral business and...I saw dead people.
Then she showed me around the place, where ceremony happens and later to the
grave, and back to her house, in garden.
I talked...talked...talked...talked...and she was laughing...laughing as I shared
stories in my own way about zombies, the rising of the dead, vampires, stories of
Dracula. I acted out the scenes.
Then it went a little quiet.
She was standing in front of me, hands behind her, kind of swinging her body a
bit, left to right, nervous.
I was a bit confused why she was doing that.
And then KABOOOOOOOOOSH!
She went in front of me and kissed me and we both fell. I fell on my ass and her
dad came out and saw us.

He just looked down at us, shook his head, grunted, didn't say a word and went
back in his house.
She was about to get up but I held her and pulled her forward and kissed her. I
liked the kiss. It was amazing feeling.
We kissed...kissed....kissed.
Her arms wrapped around me and we kissed some more. We couldn't stop
kissing. It was contagious! It was like nothing in this world.
I dated her until I left 6th form and even when I was in ﬁrst year of college.
Until that is her dad passed away and...she had to move away to another city to
live with her grandma.
She was awesome.
She always used to buy me new comics and knew what I liked. We'd have fun
walking into comics shops and I didn't give a damn how she was dressed.
Never saw her again when she left and didn't hear from her either but whenever I
see a comic shop, or superhero movies stuﬀ....I remember her
Like to read more?
Ok then. I added a bog on Quora to write those wonderful weird, strange and fun
stories with dating. Have fun reading them. I'll write more...
Adam' s Funny, Weird, Strange Dating Stories
;)
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy has lost interest in a girl, what should a girl do to get
interest back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends. If girl caused him stress, was a pain in ass. drama, or playing hard to
get, then best to just move on.
But if there was a commnication problem or you didn't put much eﬀort; you was
holding back - and - he just started pulling away, which I do when a woman just
not showing any intimacy - then you need to showing interest.
You need to put some eﬀort in.
If he is not putting eﬀort in, showing interest, leading and you are...then best to
let go and move on. If a guy is not recippcrating and pulling away when you're
doing your best to show you want to meet....then move on.
So depends really what's going on in the picture.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to make a girl constantly think of you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You really want to know how we do it? Really?
You sure because it takes balls to do it. Most guys haven't come close to these
steps which I'm not going to bang here.
But here's the hint...

You...fuck....her....mind.
Guys think about physical but they just don't get how it's the mind of a woman
you fuck ﬁrst, arouse ﬁrst, seduce ﬁrst and escalate ﬁrst.
If you fear losing girl....best to leave this alone.
;)
29.4k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend has a lot of diﬀerent guy friends, she's pretty
open about it, but it makes me extremely uncomfortable, what
do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I have a lot of diﬀerent guys
Me - Good for you.
Girl - But I have LOTS...LOTS of diﬀerent ines
Me - Cool. Have a party, a blast.
Girl - but...I DO HAVE A LOTS...LOTS....LOTS....LOTS..of diﬀerent guy friends
Me - Awesome. These Doritos crisps damn good. Want some?
Girl - ?!?!?
---------------------------------------------------------------------This is about your own insecurities of how so many guys trying to get into her
pants.
Listen mate. She's with you. Dating you so wise up. Because if you keep focusing
on this issues and not on the girl, you're not going to have much fun.
It has nothing to do with all these guys.
It's to do with your...FEAR of loss.
Fearing she might open her legs and one of the guys fuck her.
Let's get real and say it for what it is because that is what you're so
"uncomfortable" about. Now, if you can't hack it with her texting, facebooking,
snap chattting and whatever else some girls waste their damn time on....then
leave her and date someone else who ain't like that.
Or make your life awesome so she want to spend more time with you.
Focus on you than how she is chatting with guys or whatever.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

What makes a guy want to constantly be in contact with you
24hrs/day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're boyfriend is insecure, needy and personally, it's controlling. Manipulative
trying to make you feel guilty for not texting back straight away. Because in all
honesty, this is a guy who is scared. I mean really scared, trying to get you
contacting all time of fear someone else might date you.
Must have happened after you slept together, and he went all insecure and
ballistic.

You need to speak to him and tell him how you feel not strangers here. Let him
also know how serious it is too.
So communicate with him, don't be afraid to sort some boudnaries out and if he
steps over them, remind him of the boundaries. It's not on. He doesn't need to
contact 24/7 and get all pussy footing whem you don't text back.
Let him know how you feel because he might not know how stressed you are
about it. Try that ﬁrst and see what happens.
If he's still at it, well, you need to decide if you want to date a guy who causing
you stress over things like this.
All the best.
642 Views · View Upvoters

Why does a boy always ignore a girl no matter how kind she is?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The same for guys - I'm going to say regarding girls.
Being nice, kind, does not entitle a girl the attention from a boy.
Be kind anyway no matter what because...it's you.
If one is being kind to get a response then they are doing it from their own ego to
get someone else's ego to respond back in a predicabtle manner one desires
If someone ignores, so what?
It's suppose to be in your nature to be kind, so you do it then not because you
want some response.
It's as simple as that. It does not entitle you anything.
He is ignoring you because he either feels uncomfortable, he doesn't like the type
of attention he gets from you or just not into you as a friend or anything else.
Really, it doesn't matter.
Be kind anyway and whoever ignore, meh, no problems.
You're not doing it so they respond.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I write persuasive love letter that will make any girl
fall in love after reading it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated May 11, 2016 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about this..
I was going to give you this love letter then it dawned on me what I was doing.
After reading Adam Taha's answers, I slapped my forehead at the mistake I was
going to make.
You see, I learnt that life doesn't happen like Hollywood, Bollywood movies or
romance novels, with fantasies, and grandeur stories on how a knight writes a
love letter, or verbally confessing to his crush...the girl...face to face.
Instead, this is a world in which human beings have emotions.
A world in which girls, women are suspicious of guys who so easily confess their
love like immature school boys who have yet to become men.

I realised, that it is due to cowardice that I waited so long to approach you.
Fearing rejection and with it - I began to create an idea in my mind the moment I
saw you. I started to build a fantastic story on how my love is enough for you to
even like me, accept me, love me and fall for me.
When really, a mature guy, a learned man, a man of self respect knows that
whatever a man feels is never enough for a woman to fall for him. It is never
enough for her because she must ﬁrst be interested in him.
But with my own inexperience and naivity I kept on creating fantastic stories in
my head about you. I began to imagine life with you and my mind narrated many
stories, of how we are together, kissing, embracing each other, touching your
smooth skin, and hearing you say..
"Oh darling, I love you too. I feel the same way too."
It is by far, the biggest mistake any man can make because in doing so it dictates
his behavior of neediness and desperation. For sure, any woman would be able to
feel and see my actions are creepy.
I've invested so many hours, days, weeks and months in thinking about you. I've
invested emotions. I've invested so much time to create castles in the sky without
realising - I am not in love with you.
I am in love..with the IDEA of you.
Ah! If I was taught these things from my relatives way in the beginning I'd never
make such a mistake. If there was a real man around me who taught me this. If
only I learnt from someone of experience. I wouldn't have invested any time but
ﬁrst approached you....immediately.
I would have approached you to ﬁnd out if you are really someone I want to date.
I would ﬁrst ﬂirt, converse and see who you are.
In doing so, you see my conﬁdence and you seperate me from all the fucking
typical guys, the chumps, those typical guys who confess love, devotion, so much
romantic serious feelings to a woman. Typical guys who ﬁnd themselves hurt so
bad because rejections hits them very hard.
No, not because of her rejection when she says no.
Not because she says, "Ooh I dont' see you this way."
Not because she said, "I am not looking for a serious relationship."
It is because of the time they spent, as I have and in thinking, investing my
emotions on an idea of you, BEFORE I even approached to tell you..
"Excuse me, I know this is a bit forward but I was walking to the class (or bank, or
shop, whatever) and I saw you. I see you attractive but good looks are so common
these days. I like to ﬁnd more about you. Hi, my name is blah blah., Who are
you?"
No, I didn't do that at all
I didn't start with ﬁnding out who you really are. I didn't ﬁnd out if you're
interested in going with me for a coﬀee, a walk to know me. I didn't do any of
what a mature and, conﬁdent man would do.
If I approached you earlier on, immediately, the moment I saw you, the rejection
if it happens won't hurt as much.
But I fell for the common fallacies of love.
The nonsense of the 'one.'

The millions and billions of dollars industries make around the "loved one you
are destined to meet."
The idea that what I feel is supposed to make you like me, be interested in me and
even love me.
Yes, I realised, as I was about to write this love letter, that a woman respects a
man who controls his emotions. That he has self respect to not throw such a word
so easily because that is what women, girls will think.
I learnt a great lesson today.
That a man must not open his heart in that way but must only confess such
feelings, when the woman has said yes, and has dated him for many months and
more. That they both got to know each other intimately. That they have become
so close as lovers and when he says..
"You know,the ﬁrst time I saw you, I wasn't sure but the more I got to know you,
the more I slowly fell in love with you, with your personality, your passion and
zest for life.......the way you move one of your eyebrows which is so cute.......the
way you listen to people around you and your amazing love for painting nature..."
She will see that he hasn't said such words so easily.
He hasn't confessed such powerful world so easily with ink on paper.
You will believe more in the words I say because you know me now. You know my
querkiness, my romantic ways and it's not creepy. You know this is me. You know
me so well and you appreciate the words I say and think..
"He didn't say such words so easily to me. He didn't write some love letter and gave it
to me. Instead, he approached me, he got to know me as we dated, for months and
many moons that have past by, I got to know him. We overcame challenges together,
and many social tabboos. We grew to love one another as the steady growing of a
branch Bamboo. I BELIEVE what he says because he said it AFTER he got to know
me so well and after we have become intimate for a certain period of time. This is a
man, a mature man not some puppy love."
I've realised, that when a man says such words so easily, in the beginning, it
makes a woman awkward. I mean, what can she do/say with a man who says he
loves her? What can she feel when she reads a letter from a man who does not
know her and has yet experienced a span of time intimately with him as....lovers
not friends?
It creeps her out.
It makes it so awkward for her..
I should have realised that my role as a man isn't to tell you I love you. It is to
make you FEEL good about yourself without kissing your ass.
It is to make you FEEL safe, to never make you feel awkward and creep you out.
The things that so many average typical guys do.
To make you FEEL you want to get to know me.
To make you FEEL excited to want to know me. To FEEL AROUSED and your
IMAGINATION can ﬁll in the gap and connect it with me. I didn't know this
knowledge but now I do. It is still diﬃcult to understand what Adam Taha means
when he says to do this but I am still reading his answers, following his work to
unravel the components, the steps, to ensure I never make this mistake again.
And so....
Though I write this love letter, I will not give it to you.

Rather it be a lesson for me.
Hidden away to remind me to control my emotions.
To be a man with balls.
Whenever I see a woman I like, I do not cower.
I don't invest time, emotions on an idea.
I do not write love letters or buy gifts.
Instead, I will approach immediately and ﬁnd out more about you, and see if
you're interested to just go out with me on a date.
And if not, then I haven't foolishly invested so much thinking, time, eﬀort and
can walk away without causing much awkwardiness and hard time for myself.
That I should never put a woman on a pedestal, way up high, like she is some
princess.
Instead, I approach immediately and if she cannot see who I am then, at that
moment...she does not deserve any more attention from me.
This then...is
a LOVE LETTER.....
TO MYSELF
A letter of Self Respect.
Signed (your name)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------Now hide this letter and let it be a reminder.
And if you know any friends who are going to write some love letters to
women.....share this letter to him.
89.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are the best stories about randomly meeting a celebrity
and not recognizing him/her?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of my friends sent a collection of my songs to someone. I didn't even know.
He packaged it and sent it to someone.
I was travelling, writing lyrics, and producing with producers in Geneva. I came
back to ﬁnd a letter that said, thanks for the for the CD, and that the voice does
sound identical and....they'd like to me to come over.
I called and made an appointment and travelled to London.
I talked to the guys there and all was going ok.
I left and met a gang of guys outside and they said they are working on
something. They heard about how I can adapt easily to any genre, style of music
when singing....and if I'd like to sing with them.
I said, "ALRIGHT! Cool. Why not."
"But we're seeing this guy to check our lyrics, how about coming with us?"
That's what I did.

I stayed in same city, I met them again and we all went to this big house.
We meet this guy, and I have no idea who he is. He is drinking tea. So these guys
siong the song they did and he's like nodding away. Knowing full well, as I did,
the lyrics, the melody was boring and predictable.
He started sharing some ideas and the voice, got me thinking..
'Hang on a minute. I know this voice but where from?'
I didn't want to look like a idoit so I didn't say anything.
Well, all was done, I shook his hand, like we know each other, and walked with
the guys into the street. I travelled right back home.
One week later, I bang a CD on and I suddenly realise who the man was...

Yep. It was Cat Stevens.
I sang in front of Cat Stevens ;) and I made him crack up laughing with my stories.
Fun times.
926 Views · View Upvoters

I was coddled by my mother and she told me not to trust men. It
is seriously hurting my relationship. What can I tell myself to
change my perspective?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your mum is projecting her own negative past experiences on to you.
When someone tells me..
"Don't trust women"
I am suspicious why they said it. An alterior motive is why they say it. It doesn't
matter if it came from caring, this or that. It comes from their own fears and
insecurities.
You tell yourself, that everyone is not you.
You are not your mother. You are of your own choices you make, own decisions,
own plans, ideas, values, beliefs and perception.
The world is not all bad but yes, it is harsh. Yes there are good men and bad men AS - there are good women and bad women. There are cheaters in men as they are
in women. There are liars in men as there are in women.
I mean brushing every guy or every woman, every culture, every belief, every
country, every race, with same brush.
You say to yourself, that you will have boundaries. You will have values. You will
use these to try to make better choices.

Take time to learn about yourself. I do that a lot and it helps me greately.
For extra help, talk to a professional.
Read tons of books to help enrich your mind.
Associate with positive people and get to see diﬀerent side to the world. You
know, being in a positive environment, with people who build you up with rich
experiences, life lessons, and just folks who talk about things in a diﬀerent light,
can make a whole lot of diﬀerence.
547 Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: What has been your worst
experience with your wingman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Story..
A friend of mine took a guy he only knew for about a few months with him. He
took him to a night club which has band playing, and later you got DJ's.
So imagine, both of them walking in and as they got drinks and later went in
dance ﬂoor, my friend saw a blonde woman.
She was far to left, standing with a her friend, but looking towards him all time.
She wasn't smiling but looking all time.
So my friend says to his wingman..
"Don't look, but the girl there. In white dress, not the one in red."
The wingman friend looks and my friend tells him to help him with the other girl.
So he can then spend time with the girl in white dress.
But before anything happens, he walks over to girl in white dress, leaving my
friend standing, and starts chatting to the girl in white dress.
He was ﬂirting with her, taking her hand, grabbing her waiste.
My friend was like..
"WTF?! I told him to talk ti the girl in black dress and with me."
Too late.
He asks the girl in white dress to go out the club with him and my friend can't do
anything about it. He just gets sick of it and gets real pissed to leave the night
club. He went to a diﬀerent one.
Later, a week after, he tells me what happened.
He ﬁxed it by the following advise and also, I took him with me. The guy was
feeling really shit and he's one of my best mates too. So, I didn't want him to be all
down. I took him and it turned out a great night for him.
However...here's what I advised him to do later on. So at least you got the story
but also, you kind of know what he did to ﬁx for future....
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------THE FIX..
There are things you can do to give you a greater experience.
Make sure you qualify wingmen.

You don't take someone with you until you have spent time checking the guy out.
You have got him to hang around you and through conversations you have
educated him. So he knows the boundaries.
Example...
I am walking with him with a gang of guys. We're chilling and I say..
"You know the one thing I fucking hate, is guys acting like bitches. Puts their dick
before their friend/wingman. If is a guy dumb enough, to talk to girls about his
friend, and telling them embrassing stories, and making his friend look bad then
he's an idoit. You know what I mean guys? Who the hell want to hang around with a
piece of shit like that? Who? I mean, would you guys do that to a friend?!
Others chime in and agree it's a bitch move. You don't do it.
Educate who you're gong to go out with in an indirect way.
You need to brief the wingman you're with. You need to come to an
understanding, a code, to not break while you're with your gang of mates.
1. Never compete for a girl, ever. Decide who is going for who and not that she
belongs to anyone but you have integrity between you. You know the line. Be
disciplined, like warriors.
2, Your friend comes ﬁrst. No matter what. Now, if for some reason you see the
girl you like is so into your friend, and she is saying so....look...help him. Put your
friend ﬁrst. Don't get jelous. Don't put women before you friends. Support each
other even if you feel you're going to lose out because you ain't.
There's plenty of girls on this planet but friends, good friends is really hard. Most
back stab each other, cheat on their friend for what?
So keep an eye on this. Be the friend you always wanted to have. Be that friend.
3. Backup your friend, talk positive about him, no embarrassing stories. Big him
up. Don't over do it, but big him up. Don't lie. Tell truth when you big up. He has
to earn it and do something in his life to be bigged up. Say something about his
character. Find something good about your friend and say it.
Do it indirectly or lean forward, and whisper in her ear to say it.
4. Never muscle in when you know the girl your friend is going for. Don't put
friendship before women, money, anything.
That is the code I have and any break can go and fuck oﬀ out of my social circle. It
takes months and more before any guy is with me as a wingman.
Even friends who are just friends. It takes time foir me to ever bring them into my
life, social circle, clubbing with me, and to my home. and know about my
business.
It's not something I let anyone do so easily.
By that time, I have sussed the person out and they know the deal.
That's what my friend did later on and he's never had this problem. I don't have
this problem because of this steps.
But what happened to you mate - sometimes it's good because you get to see who
is really who right there and them.
However, if you can prevent this, by putting these steps in, it will go a long way
for you to have awesome night, with your mates too.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do many girls with boyfriends like to ﬂirt with guys with
girlfriends, yet they don't like to talk to average quiet guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know what you need?
I did this in college. Lots of guys were quiet type and man, Some came to ask for
help but because they really wanted to know, I helped.
We had fun too.
Sometimes you need help to get out of your shell, learn to noy take things
seriously. Learn to ﬂirt and see it this way...
There is a lot on oﬀer when a girl gets to know you.
But she has to ﬁrst know you exist and for that to happen, you got to grab your
balls, and approach. Now, if you don't know how and you're quiet type then do
what these quiet guys did with me.
They came up to me and asked for help and I thought..
"ALRIGHT THEN!"
So we'd have this little seminar in a corner and we called it Brieﬁng and I'd share
somethings and then aftewards, we'd go out and do it.
Some failed miserably.
I mean, they were so shit you won't believe BUT....
Guess what happened?
They also felt awesome. They were like..
"HOLY SHIT MAN! DID YOU SEE THAT?!"
These same guys became real good later on. We became very good friends. You
won't even think they are quiet guys, or introverts.
So ﬁnd a running buddy. Someone conﬁdent and knows how to do the
approaching, ﬂirting and ask them for help.
The secret that so many don't do...
Ask for help.
You'll be surprised the guy you ask will say, "ok. I'll help."
If you're genuine, you're not going to waste his time, you're not going to give
excuses and act like you know shit....some will gladly help.
The girls are not gong to talk to you, approach you if you're not going to put eﬀort
in. If you're also serious and self absorbed then it be over before it started.
So forget the girls for a moment.
Go and socialise with guys. Go and mingle, ﬁnd someone who can help you. That
in itself will get you to be proactive a little.
Then when you do ﬁnd that guy....learn to listen, respect what he is saying and
do. If you want him to help you more...do the stuﬀ he said without excuses.
Don't over think and ask tons of questions.
Just do.
13.3k Views · View Upvoters

Would you be able to forgive your ex if she gave herself to
another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Cheers for question but,....I date multiple women mate. They also date but they
date women.
I live in a diﬀerent plane, diﬀerent lifestyle than most - so I don't come across
these problems anymore. In past though, when I was monogmous, and a woman
did that, I won't give a shit to forgive, forget or whatever.
Trust is gone. Done. Bye, bye.
But today, now, my life is diﬀerent. I like the way it is and I don't go through shit
most go through today.
You decide. Personally, why ask anyone how to live your life to rationalise to
yourself to forgive or not.
Own your life. Own your decisions.
9 Views · View Upvoters

How did you meet your ﬁrst girlfriend/boyfriend? When
women tell me they had all kinds of boyfriends, including ugly
ones, are they telling lies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I didn't know English except a few words. I have only been in England for a few
months and thrown into school. I was 14 years old.
Now as you know, when you're at school and some guys know they got a chance
to have fun, they go for it. So, I had these guys and they were born in England and
come from same culture.
So it wentt like this, and no kidding, this is how it went but in my mother tongue
language ﬁrst, arabic.
Guy 1- Hey, we know how to get girls easy
Guy 2 - and you're new and so, you need to ge a girl or you like an idoit
Me - But I don't know how
Guy 1 - Yeah but we do. See that girl?
Now this girl is most popular, attractive, sexy as hell. These guys were going to get
their laugh and they choose her of all girls.
Me - Yeah and ?
Guy 1- What you think of her
Guy 2 - She's hot
Guy 3 - Yeah you know it. Look at her. Hot, sexy
Guy 1- ok look here's what you say when you go to her and she'll say yes.
They start telling me some english words and so I get preapred, reciting these
english words until I know them by heart.
I approach her while she's with her gang of girlfriends
Me - Excuse me.

Girl - (turns round) Yes?
Me - I like your ass. You have good tits.
Girl - Huh? What did you say.
Me - (I smiled nervously and thought maybe I spoke to low. So I raised my voice
higher, really loud) I LIKE YOUR ASS. YOU HAVE GOOD TITS.
SLAP!
She walks oﬀ with her friends who snarl at me with some words.
I turn round and these guys are laughing their heads oﬀ.
Now unknown to me, there was another girl, who saw this happen. She's very
attractive too and also popular in school.
She was pissing herself laughing at what she saw and heard.
So in afternoon, she sees me and walks over and tries to talk to me but I don't
know what she is saying, but I like her.
I think she's hot.
So I say the same thing..
Me - I like your ass. You have good tits.
Girl - (laughing)
She later took my hand and we walked and slowly she tried to tell me why I got
slapped and how it was these guys fault. She knew someone who speaks my
language and so back and forth he explains with her.
I was so pissed but also, glad because I got to dates this awesome girl. Seriously, if
it wasn't for her, it would have been real hard in England. I knew no one and my
English language was poor.
We dated for a year and a half. She was awesome. She showed me around the city,
made lots of friends with her too.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Semiko Tyrell

Are men attracted to big tall women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok, I'm going to be wanker, like some who try to be poliical corect with me with
their bullshit and say...(smiling)
How dare you ;)
I am oﬀended (roll eyes)
Men you say? MEN.
Why you generalise ALL MEN.
Why not say some men.
Not men
I am oﬀended because you're not oﬀended to say such oﬀensive thing in a general
way (whatever that means. Grins.)
On a serious note..
Depends on the guy.

You see...I like hot sexy, attractive women. Tits, ass, curves, slim but has big tits,
and great ass. That attracts me but now...she needs to have something else.
Personality, something that I can't really explain. It's just that something. Maybe
her accent, maybe how she takes interest in me.
Just something.
However...here's the thing though....
There are times, I'd see a woman who is large, and suddenly she smiles. There's
that magic in her eyes and I'm like...
"HANG ON A MINUTE! What is going on here. Why am I attracted to her. Then I
approach and I realise wise. She's got personality, she got the phzazz, the
feminine skills, the awesome smile, and the tone of her voice just draws you in.
Then there's big tall women and I am attracted for some reason. Maybe it's her
smile. Maybe it's way she holds herself and she looks good.
I don't know but there she is and so I approach.
And KABOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
I ﬁnd out what it is. It's the years of life experience. It's her self awareness and
knows how to socialise, and remove awkwardiness. It's how she makes you feel
only you matter in that very moment and her smile...magic.
Then there's a time I'd be standing at the station and a short woman is standing
opposite and she winks, smiles and I'm like..
"WHAT'S GOING ON HERE THEN?"
I don't know why I'm attracted to her so I approach and I ﬁnd out why. It's her
conﬁdence. It's her personality. She ain't all curves. She's much more.
So it depends on the guy, it depends on where he is in life, it depends on diﬀerent
factors.
NOW...let's get back to being poltical correct..
YEAH...why you say MEN eh? The way I see it is....
:D
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

If I don't want to go on a second date with a guy, should I pay
him back for my half of the date? I told him that I didn’t want to
go out again, and now he's unfriended me on facebook and
keeps sending me Venmo requests for half the cost of the meal.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There's is this awesome word.
This is the most badass word ever..
It is this..
"NO!"
This word is more powerful than all of Merlins magic and Ghandalf put together.
I don't go on dates when I don't feel like it. If I don't feel like it with a woman,
then I say....
"No."

Or..
"I'm ﬂattered but I am going to say no. Thanks."
That's right ladies. Even if she has tits, ass, legs up to inﬁnity. If I don't feel like
it...if I am not attracted to her...I won't be saying YES. I'll be saying no.
Or you can use these two words that will magical transform your life...if you get
someone asking you to send some monies due to a date...dinner...
"FUCK OFF!"
That's right ladies and gents.
Just say..
FUCK OFF.
OR.....if you don't give a fuck like me.....
I won't even bother because EGO is a thing that does things for a response
from...your ego state.
So when you respond, you are patting the other person's ego. Their ego has been
rewarded and attention has been given.
So...ignore,
Why give such unimportance a response.
Now..
Inhale, breathe out. Inhale. Breathe out. Inhale..breathe out
Relax to the sound of music as your mind drifts far away beyond the clouds.
Breathe in., Breathe out. Breathe in....breathe out...
1k Views · View Upvoters

Would you use a dating service called 'Awkward People Meet'?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why would I want to use a dating website to attract an socially awkward woman?
That's what I don't look for when dating women.
It's what I run far away from. Dating can be hard enough with awkwardiness for
me to add extra awkwardiness in the mix.
So no, I won't use a service that is called Awkward People because I don't want to
date a woman who is socially awkward. I'm more of a guy who likes women who
are socially awkward.
It's a turn oﬀ for me.
The hassle I went through try to date a woman who is shy bored the heck out of
me, that if a woman says she's shy or I ﬁnd out she is shy....I am not going to even
bother. I know what it entails and it's not for me.
She didn't know how to ﬂirt, just too slow with everything and too shy to even
talk. So no, I won't use such a site.
532 Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girl who likes me and open to talking to me know
ignore me after asking her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because a girl talks to you, and shows she like you - doesn't mean she is
attracted to you in that way.
Girls can also talk to people.
Girls also want to get to know other people. Girls also make friends.
They human beings like guys are. So just because a girl talks to you doesn't have
to mean she is attracted you in this way and you're not entitled to her dating you.
She ignored you because she saw how her just talking to you, suddenly got you to
think she was interested in you in that way...when she wasn't.
So she now ignores to not give you hope and for you to not persist in asking her
out again.
There was nothing wrong in you asking her out.
But you must also appreciate when you ask a girl out, and she is not interested,
ignores you, then take it a big massive hint, she isn't into you in that way.
And you just move on.
Don't persist chasing her and don't try orbiting around her.
Let her be and move on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I deal with a girl that likes me but says that she can't
be with me because she has a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Say no to going to theatre at some romantic play. You're not desperate, needy, and
a chump to hang around, orbit around a girl....HOPING she changes her mind.
Say, "thanks but I'm going to say no and moving on."
Done.
No need to waste your sweet time on a girl who has a boyfriend. That's already a
red ﬂag for you to move on. The other red ﬂag is she is telling you, you're not a
priority and if you oribit around her, she will use your time...
AND...use you like a tampon, talking about her shit, about her problems with
boyfriend and you'll be like most typicl needy, desperate guy...frustrated as hell
when you need to move on.
Say no thanks and move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: What are some things you have done
for your signiﬁcant other to reassure him or her when they felt
insecure?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One girl I dated years needed help because she felt insecure bout performing in
front of people. She felt she wasn't good enough at singing because people
around her were telling her so.
I asked her to sing.
I said she can sing and I set things in motion.

I called some recording studios, producers and...booked one week of recording
studio time in one of the ﬁnest recording studios in town.
They owed me a favour and I called it in.
She thought I was joking but when she stepped into recording studio she knew I
was god damns serious.
She got help with singing lesson. She can sing, so there was no problem and the
singing lessons helped her with dynamics, techniques of singing to help her
more. Then she got help for writing songs.
I got her to tell me somethings about her life and wrote the lyrics for her, sorted
some chords out, for structure of whole song and the producer started putting it
all together with the beats, etc.
One week later, she had a song and....the big surprise.
There was an event in the city. I knew then organiser. So I asked if he can slot her
in and that's what he did.
She performed in front of 3,000 people outside, in devonshire green, Like a music
festival kind of thing, big, and she was one of the artists.
That's all she needed to boost her self esteem and belief in herself.
It sparked something in me to carry on, helping others. I was good at networking,
fearless at it and had many resources, contact and I invested my own monies.
I enjoyed giving and helping not just women I date but I discovered on my
journey people needed help to experience the real deal to boost their self
conﬁdence. So, it is what I have done in my free time....since I was 16 years old.
I'm 45 now..
Here's some photos to show you what I meam...

1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a girl and in love with the same girl my best guy friend is in
love with. Should I tell him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If they are dating and in a relationship - then why are you even trying to tell him
that? Leave them alone if they are dating.
If they are not dating and in a relationship, don't tell the guy sod all. You ﬁnd
your backbone and you approach the girl and tell her that. First ﬁnd out if she's
even into girls for starters.
Converse, ﬁnd out, get to know.
But you don't say to her..
"I LOVE YOU. YOUR THE LOVE OF MY LIFE."
That be very awkward and personally immature.

Instead, you don't confess devotion, love and any of that stuﬀ until lots of things
have happned with dating the person for months on end, overcoming challenges
together while dating together, getting to know each other, getting intimate and
all that.
Because saying that in beginning does not do you much service. It also makes the
other person feel very awkward and creeped out.
You're feeling doesn't mean the other person will feel the same way. So just
because you feel all those emotions of infatuation, doesn't mean she will.
You got to ﬁrst ﬁnd out if she's into girls, be calm about it, if she is, just let her
know you're attracted to her. No big deal love talk. See then if she feels same
about you. Be light hearted, fun and not serious kind of thing.
So recap...
1. If the girl and guy are dating, leave them be. Don't go oﬀ talking to guy about
how you love the girl.
2. If they are not dating, do not go to the guy but go to her. Approach her, and ﬁrst
ﬁnd out if she's into girls, Etc cetre.
501 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a guy only wants you as a fuckfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here's what it doesn't mean..
It doesn't mean he's a player, a manwhore, an asshole, a jerk.
If you say yes, it doesn't mean you're a slut, whore, too easy. All these I have
mentioned are social conditioning labels.
What it does meam:
1. It means he's a guy high sexual driven with desire for sexual intimacy.
2. He sees you as a friend he trusts and so, he wants you as a fuckfriend
than just a platonic friend with no sexual intimacy.
3. He likes you, thinks your very attractive and wants sex with you.
4. He wants to fuck you but doesn't want a comitted girlfriend/boyfriend
relationship. He can see other girls too.
In other words....friends with beneﬁts. Fuckbuddy.
A friend who you can call on for sex but also you are friends too.
If this is ok with you, great.
If not, cool. Say no and move on. Or stay just as friends.
19.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my guy best friend to date me when he says he
doesn't want to risk our friendship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"He even tells people whenever they ask if were dating that we are. He
always is convincing people we are"
He's a liar. Manipulature. He's a selﬁsh guy.

He wants his cake and eat it. He doesn't want you dating someone else but he
wants you for himself, and yet....unwilling to be more than platonic.
He's fucking your social life up!
And it's because you are letting him so the blame is not all on his. You are letting
him do this to you because you haven't sorted your bounderies.
He's telling everyone else you're dating and tha is manipulation because word
goes out you're dating, it pushes suitors away or makes it hard for a guy who does
like you to approach you.
You need to sit this guy down and sau..
"EITHER you want to be more than platonic friend or my boyfriend. If you don't
want a relationship with me as your girlfriend then STOP FUCKING TELLING
PEOPLE you're dating me and that you LOVE ME. No more hugs. No more touches.
No more any of this intimacy stuﬀ. Now...which is it? Boyfriend or friend? Then ACT
like it!"
You need to sort your boundries out and stand up for them because you're letting
him do this due....FEAR OF LOSS.
You're afraid of losing him.
Let go of this fear and sort your boundaries out.
You're letting him fuck up your social life. Friends think you're dating. Come on!
You don't let someone mess that area of your life.
Tell him staight.
Don't let him manipulate you with words and dynamics.
Boundaries! Boundaries. You need them or you'll mess up your life.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is dating actually simple?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No and yes.
In the beginning it's diﬃcult, confusing, complex and frustrating but that is due
to a lot of issues one has themselves. Such as:
The desire to be validated
To be accepted
Loved
Liked
Seeking response
So there is a lot of social conditioning that brings a lot of myths about dating, the
process of dating, seduction too. The fairy tale of the 'one' and the '3 day rule' and
no sex on ﬁrst date, who does what ﬁrst, what signals to look for and on...on it
goes.
But as I got older, I became braver in questioning everything. I began to open my
eyes to the bullshit. I began to be more outspoke. I began to apply boundaries. I
began to be more direct and I also invested tons of knowledge and had years of
experience in this matter.
Now...it is easier. Now it is simple for me.

Yes, very, very somple./
She is either interested or she is either not.
I have come to the stage in my life that I do not need validation, I am not seeking
to be accepted, liked to such that I do not respect myself, my core values, my
boundaries too.
I am strong now, vocal, that even if someone, tries to be political correct with me I
will tell them to go and fuck themselves.
I am bold in my approach with women and fearless but I am also scared inside
too. However, the key is, I am self aware now of myself, of life and of all the god
damn bullshit we were fed with and know...really know, when someone
talks...where they come from and I will spoeak up no matter if I lose the date,
opportunity of any kind whatsoever.
Now everything is simple.
All the stuﬀ I once wanted when I was a teen, does not matter and all the fears I
once had have been put to rest.
Now rejection is just feedback to tell me "she hasn't got what I want. Awesome.
Bye."
And I can move on faster. That makes a lot of things simple.
Now I am direct and approach fast. That removes all the bullshit of looking for
signals and spending time with women who are indecisive, who lack
understanding that if you want to get to know the date or forget it.
I have my own terms, boudnaries and this makes it all simple.
There is no fear of loss.
When I got rid of the fear of loss and gained abundance mentality, life became
simple and so, dating became simple too.
Now, it is simple. YES or FUCK NO.
It is "you either into me or not."
It is "you're either sexiually attractive to me and no bs about no kiss and balh blah
terms about sex or not.."
It's "yes it's over" or "no more back and forth, bye."
Or "You want to break up? Ok. It was great knowing you and I don't regret it for a
second. We met, for a reason and now, you need something else. I hope all the
best for you. Bye."
It's now simple.
And breaking up, well, there will be some drama but it still be simple. It's simple
because I understand the other person's emotions, and it's ok. It's ok to be upset,
to cry, whatever. It's ok for me to be upset too.
Yes, now it is simple.
Because I am not focused on someone to make me happy, for someone to make
me feel I am loved, for someone to tell me I'm important and for someone to say, I
am special.
I've let go of these and it' has made dating and a lot of things in my life very
simple.
Even to the extent I accept death too.

That is why I am fearless.
And being courage isn't absent of fear.
It's simple because I have detached from many of what I chained me years ago.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is there a safe way to test if a girl likes you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no safe way in this.
There is only taking risks and that's what you'll need to do when you want
something.
You take risks and put yourself out there.
You miss out in showing the other person how conﬁdent you are, and how you go
for whatever you want even if sometimes, you get rejected. How any challenges or
fears weren't as important in regards to asking her out.
So approach, be direct and don't send signals.
Don't play anything safe.
Be bold in matters concerning such things as such things needs clarity,c ertainty
from both sides not mixed messages.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is she interested but shy, or is she just not interested at all? She
watches me in class, pokes me teasingly, acts shy and
embarrassed around me, but ignored my attempts to talk on
Facebook.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How would you know if a girl likes you?

If a woman likes me, she would be mature enough to do the following because
sending signals goes way over our heads...
1. She smiles, approaches and says hi,
2. She says I'm cute/attractive, as she touches my arm
3. She ﬂirts some more and says she likes to get to know me
4. She asks questions about me as we talk,
5. She asks for my number and would like to go out with me
6. She doesn't act like a weirdo and ﬂakes, causing drama when dating time
comes to meet.
Anything else, like sending signals, some mystical messages means goes way over
many guys head.
Anything else, I'll see it as attention seeking, doing it out of boredom, game
playing, and nothing else but ﬂirting for fun. Playing hard to get from most
women only tells me she's insecure, she sees herself as a trophy to be chased and
won.
That also goes for being in school, college, uni or life in general. That's how I
know when a woman is interested in me.

Anything else, I ignore, don't take seriously and move on.
10k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy push his friend on me when he knows that I
like him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because you like him doesn't mean he feels the same way. Just because
someone likes someone else, doesn't mean that is enough for someone else to like
them.
He is doing it because he isn't into you in that way.
That's why he's pushing his friends onto you. He knows you like him, he doesn't
feel the same way, it's making him feel awkward and he's hoping you'll ...fall for
someone else, move on and leave him alone.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why are people so politically correct on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why is everyone politically correct on Quora?

I tell it as it is when I write, let's say about dating and suddenly I get..
"Oh but don't speak about all men."
So now I must write "some men" and "most men" and I won't either. If one has not
got god damn sense on what I am saying, and bitching about this than focusing
on the subject, I have no time for them.
Honestly, when someone is nit picking on things like this, they can seriously just
fuck oﬀ and I say to them to stop being a bitch and fuck oﬀ. Then the mods
automating bitch system starts sending me warning....
"Ooooh you called him a bitch, be nice blah blah blah."
Now, I block, delete and done.
I like being nice but I'm not going letting nice stop me saying what I mean.
Especially to "some" or the "few" and "most guys" and "most women" who like to
nit pick with he/she/they/men/most men/most women/blah blah.
(roll eyes)
So now, I block, downvote, done. I cannot be bothered with bs conversation on
one word, when they know what the answer means.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Do women ever send men messages on internet dating sites?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, if you look like..

Or.....

Or....

(I don't know how this photo slipped through but no) :D
But more like.....

But if you haven't, then you're going to need to put some work into your proﬁle
and photos like...
Photo of you having fun with friends
Photo of you doing something your passion about like skin, surf, music,
staring into the abys of horizon poetic crap
Photo of you looking damn hot professional
Photo of you not in profesional clothes, close up, face shoulders.
Try not look into camera much, like someone else took photo
Then sort your proﬁle detail info. None of the desperate, negative stuﬀ.
Chill, be down to earth, not too serious. Personality. Like it ain't a big
deal.
If you are waiting it be dead slow.
But if you're proactive you'll get results faster.
19.3k Views · View Upvoters

I asked out the girl I liked, and she said that she'd tell me her
answer the next day. When the time came, she still couldn't
make up her mind, so I dropped her. Was I right to do that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Good man. You did right mate. You got self respect and you didn't want to waste
your damn time with someone who can't make a clear yes or no.
You don't want to waste time with anyone who cannot give you a straight answer
and is just not interested in being with you. Or just all over the place.
Meh.
You did right mate. There is nothing bad about what you did and as for awkward,
you shouldn't be. Know who you are and ﬁnd your balls and not acting like you
did something bad.
So don't give a shit is what I'm saying. She ain't no princess, fragile and "Oooh,
she's now there in front of me, what shall I do?"
You do what you did before you saw her.
You didn't give shit.
Smile, and approach other girls. She's had her chance.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my girlfriend of 5 years because I dont see my
future with her. After a month I have this lady friend nd myex
thinks I cheated on her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know something? If I had an ex and some friends thinking this, I won't really
give a shit. I won't say I care for the ex blah blah to reassure.

It's over. I've moved the hell on man.
If some friends like to bs as well on how this is reason for breakup, well...they'll
learn they are not the only friends I got.
They too can fuck oﬀ.
I won't give a damn.
It seems you do and worry far too much what other people think of you.
Living that way is not going to do much good in a world where some people love
to create drama, act like victims and also pretend how supportive they are.
Decide who you are and...don't give a shit.
Now you can say all you want with "but..you see...but.."
I don't give a shit.
That's how I live and believe me, that doesn't mean I walk over people, and treat
them like shit. I am just not bothered what some else thinks about me. What they
think is their perception, their reality not my reality.
They think whatever they want to.
Same way you need to think regaeding the ex problem and anyone else.
You think if I gave a shit, I'd write like this on Quora and anyone else with my
name on there. You need to have balls and believe in who you are 100%.
Now ﬁnd your balls, focus on the woman you're with and move on. You don't
need anyone;'s acceptance, validation, to ﬁt in, to prove.
That's how I live.
You decide how you want to live.
Because it sounds to me you're very young and still live in this bubble, keep to be
approved, believed and accepted by others.
246 Views · View Upvoters

At what age does it become a red ﬂag if a guy says he has never
even kissed a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is like a double edge sword which is why men and women stay well away
from answering questions like...
"How many you dated?"
"How many you slept with?"
They are not asking in genuine way but in a way to judge the other person due to
their own insecurities.
Let's say a guy has dated 100 women - then some woman think he's a player,
womanizer, lady killer, heartbreaker. Like women can't make their own damn
decisions and have been mind controlled by his mystical magical ways.
They now start thinking all sorts and labelling, judging and so forth on the guy
because the women he slept with must have been so naive, so innnocent, so
perfect and under his mind control techniques. Yeah, he just like sex and we are
all perfect. So innocent.
Then on other side of the sword is a guy who hasn't dated anyone.

There must be wrong with this guy. Got to be. If he hasn't dated, kissed a girl,
fucked women, then something has got to be wrong with this guy.
Maybe he's got baggages. Maybe he's a woman beater. Maybe he's an asshole.
Maybe he's this and that, and this.
Same with women.
If she hasn't dated, kissed, screwed, then she's baggage, she's immature, she got
problems, deep problems.
If she has dated, kissed, screwed 50 guys, she's a slut., whore, too easy.
See the guy by what he has achieved, the impact he is doing in his life, his
passion, the way he treats other people, his friends, relatives, the other students
and how he treats you.
Everything else, you see him cocky, ﬂirty, fun, sexualise, or quiet, shy, on his own
means nothing. We do this on purpose. I do this to ensure the women who
approach me, who message me, are not some butt hurt type in being fun.
But also, if a woman cannot take the way I am right now, she will never see the
deeper me and believe me, the deeper me is something I do not reveal easily to
any women. So all they see is the hard sexualisation talk, the cocky, the fun, the
brute force in write, the on your face attitude but deep down, there is another part
of me no woman will have or see, if she doesn't put eﬀort in by stop judging me.
That's probably what the guy you're asking about is going through too.
So what you see up front is not all the guy is. Go past that wall and you will
probably be amazed at what this cocky, asshole, jerk you think he is - OR - how
he's so quiet, alone, doing his own thing. Beyond that wall is the real man but you
won't know if you do what everyone does.
Judge on appearances, on how many or not many he slept with. It's sad but most
women and guys miss out a lot because they judge, assume, nick pick far too
much to see the real person for who they are. That....takes time and eﬀort.
You never know a guy by how many he kissed.
You never know a guy by how many he fucked.
You never know by how he hasn't kissed and slept with.
You never know a person for how he or she writes on Quora.
You cannot know, nor will one ever know just because a person writes, or meets,
kisses, doesn't kiss because he/she isn't going to show the deeper things easily.
Only the one...who didn't judge...took the time to say hello...who really likes this
person and know they got to get through some walls....and gets to know the
personal intimately sees who the bigger picture.
8.9k Views · View Upvoters

What if you knew a woman for a year and a half and you guys
have hung out and she's turned oﬀ because you haven't asked
to date her yet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have been rejected is what happened. If she says anything about how she
don't know or talks about your age and all that....it's her letting you down easily.
Most women hate saying no so they say things like...

"I am not ready for realationship right now."
"You're too young/old AND it will make me look like blah blah"
"I am so busy right now. Got to sort my head out.."
Et cetre
Where you playing nice, spending way too much time with her, being available
and asked her out a year or so later?
So let's assume.... even though she may have liked you in the very beginning you
met....you messed it up waiting too long, acting like a platonic friend.
So if she has rejected you after you waited for some time, due to age or
whatever....it's her being polite but really she is saying..FUCK NO.
She's not interested and hanging out right now with you, seems awkward for her.
So leave it as that and move on.
532 Views · View Upvoters

How do I act around the girl who rejected me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Around the girl?
You mean she be hovering and orbiting around you when you're checking out
other girls, laughing, smiling, having fun with your mates. That's the mindset
you have mate.
You are not in her fucking reality.
She is in your reality and in your reality you don't give a damn what she thnks
and does. Smile, do your own thing and don't mind her. Like it never even
happened. Like you got better things to do than impress her.
Like you're sorting your shit out in your mind to check other girls out and world
will see you are doing so, and you're going to date someone else.
Like you're on a god damn mission and oblivious to her being AROUND you.
With a mindset you have moved on already and looking away ahead in the
horizon to approach other girls who will say yes.
She isn't a princess, a goddess.
Live, do your thing and don't make her some big deal.
Behave like you never even met her and life is far too big to put her on a pedestal
or anyone else.
14.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Abdul Yusuf

Why do we look at eachother like this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You sure it's not spot on 3 seconds? Or 4 seconds as that can make a diﬀerence.
Maybe it was 4 seconds but you missed 1 second because of the gravity pull.
If that is so, then it will make a big diﬀerence.
How?

In the code of bullshit women manual signalling book they have stashed under
their beds, it says..
"If you like a man you must gaze into his eyes between 3 -4 while tapping your
feet, scratching your nails on the table as you lick your lips but ever so slightly.
This will release endorphine in his brain to stand up and beat his chest like an
ape..."
That's on page 12 in their secret bullshit book called..
"The Guide to Signalling Men For Attaction"
I would suggest to get a stopwatch and time her.
Or follow the manual called..
"FOR MEN WITH NO BALLS.."
1. If you like her
2. Approach, ﬂirt, converse and ask her out
3. If you're looking for step three then you're overthinking it
;)
239 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when a lady tells me I like you but I can't give
my heart to you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I like you but I can't give my heart to you
Me - AWESOME!
Girl - I wish I can but...WAIT! What did you say?
Me - AWESOME.now let me watch the damn TV. Game is about to start.
Girl - You're not bothered at all?
Me - I will if you don't let me watch the game. It's starting
Girl - FOOTBALL?! I am spilling my heart here and you're bothered about
football?!
Me - You said you ain't giving me your heart. You're not spilling your heart for
me, are you?! Go and spill it to some guy who isn't into football. I'm not into all
that romantic crap. SHIT! The game has started! Let me get the drinks and snacks
Girl - ?!?!?
Me - (sits down with drinks) Want a drink? Grab one and pass me the remote.
Girl (walks oﬀ and slams door behind her)
Me - jeeesh. What's up with her?
;)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------You probably spent so much time with her, being available, trying to get close to
her as some friend when really you wanted to date her. You spent lots of time
talking with her and doing all that "commonality talk."
Comfort. Comfort. Comfort. Lots of talk on phone, texting or messaging.

I know many guys who do this and I just shake my head at how much time they
waste. They act like platonic friends from the start and not behaving like lovers.
Playing it safe.
Best you move on and approach other women,
She has said no. Take it as that.
Either you get a fuck yes or fuck no.
This is a fuck no. So you move on.
Distance yourself, Be a challenge, Approach other women instead of proving to
her that she was right about you by orbiting around her to convince her to date
you. Don't be that guy.
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

What should my next step be after a 2hr coﬀee date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 9, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, of course she wouldn't mate, 2 hours, sitting on ass drinking coﬀee. I won't be
surprised, it's lots of talking to ﬁnd commonalities.
Instead about igniting feelings inside of her.
Not one touch.
One kiss.
No walking around, stroking her back, holding hands and leading towards an
adventure....even if it's just walking through the city.
In fact, the moment you met, I bet you...there was no embrace, no immediate kiss
on her forehead, and stroking her arms....stroking her back....to holding hands.
Oh I know, I know what most say.
If I followed what most say, I'd be 40 years old, a virgin, and not kissed one damn
woman through my life.
Lots of dudes and lasses are going to advise me..
"Oh be yourself, life isn't about woman. It will...happen someone day. Find your
passion. Blah blah blah.."
That's if I took their advise when I was teen. I didn't.
My friends and fat lot of use the advice did for them.
So there was really nothing that was done to building on attraction. It was full on,
100% comfort phase. Comfort...comfort...comfort until attraction became...zero.
She left and well, "I didn't feel chemistry."
Nothing, whatsoever to do with sexual attraction.
Just platonic, playing safe, thinking like most do and advice that it's all about
talking a lot, and not really about feeling.
Nothing romantic about it.
Just the same old, same old that pals, friends, buddies do.
The stuﬀ she can really get from any of her friends.

Communicating at all levels. ALL levels mate. The whole shabang. Looking for
commonalities not building attraction too.
If that's what happened....you played it safe.
It killed attraction.
Best to move on. She said no. It's not there.
Or you could be friends but then that's time, commitment and blah blah blah.
You decide but she might also want to just.....move on.
Now, I could be wrong.
You can say..
"Adam,! You asshole. You jerk. You pervert and creepy sod. You're wrong."
Might as well join the very long que if that's the case ;)
However, most of the time, I'm spot on. Most of the time, as I'm human and I
wasn't there from beginning to the end.
Who knows. I was probably just making all this up while I was stuﬃng myself
with Doritos....(chilli ﬂava damn good) and it had nothing to do with whatever
I've wrote.
If so, carry on. Don't mind me ;)
8.6k Views · View Upvoters

What kind of activities should I get into to meet sophisticated
or creative women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm into arts, graphic design, music so I go where they are and man, I meet so
many creative women. One can kick my ass when it comes to playing the guitar
and she's petty good with the bass guitar too.
That's just one woman out of many I meet out in the world.
I also go to open mics where they play at bars but if you're not into bars, you can
go lots of diﬀerent art workshops and festivals.
Again at music festivals it's fun, happy kind of thing and so you meet lots of
people and you can mingle, say hi to women and we talk, and take photos, and we
have fun dancing in ﬁeld with many people.
So maybe write or get down in your mind what you mean by being creative and
it's part of what you do, and just go out there.
You'll have fun and meet lots of women into similar things too.
855 Views · View Upvoters

Where can someone ﬁnd and make new friends?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How should I go about making new friends and meeting more people with
similar interests?

You already know the answer to your questions.
"I pretty much just stay inside and play video games most of the time"
Since that hasn't worked for you, not surprised by the way, then do the opposite,
Get oﬀ your ass, switch oﬀ the games......

Then go out and mingle with people.
Find out whetre teh game shows are.
Look at something else your'e into like...sports and go and do some.
Go out and spcialise. Look at Find your people - Meetup

or other organisations

that got things going on.
Sitting on your ass, playing games at your age is going to kill your social skills
when you need them the most. This world is social. It's about going out meeting
people. World isn't going to come to you.
That's comfort zone. You know what you're comfort zone is. So now step out of it
a little and do the work in socialising out in the world.
You know what the problem is..
"I pretty much just stay inside.."
There we go. Now get outside and meet the world.
908 Views · View Upvoters

I always try to ﬂirt. I am successful when I talk with an
unknown on the phone. I am successful when I ﬁrst meet a girl.
But suddenly, everything shatters the second time. What could
be the reason?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What your probably missing this - comfort stage.
Let me give you an example...
1. Imagine you see a woman and you dance in front of her.
It's all fun, ﬂirting, teasing and she is liking it to. All well and good. She is
recipocrating and so you exchange later numbers.
2. Here's your mistake
You meet her face to face again but....you're still dancing. You're still ﬂirting and
that is it. You're still stuck in the ﬁrst phase which is...Attraction.
But you need now to establish comfort.
The comfort stage is where you get her to share a bit about herself and you share a
bit about you.
I know this works mate. I've done it many a times, ﬂipped it up and I still do it the
wrong way to show to myself, that I am spot on...EVEN...if woman runs away,
disappears.
That doesn't matter to me as I don't believe in the 'one.'
With private messages, it's the the women message me.
I ﬂirt, but then after next message with women, I ﬂirt some more, even extreme
sexualisation words.....they disappear.
So much for their "Oh I can take it and ﬁx you to as good man" bleh. Words.
I shouldn't be dissappointed because the pattern repeats itself time and time
again. Like I know it so but sometimes, I like to believe like the bs Hollywood
movies, romance novels that it happens....naturally.

Noting happens naturally. Not even getting a job. Not even marketing and selling
goods. Not even a website generating tons of sales. You got to know the pattern,
the behavior and know why, what, how and when.
So though I am dissapointed in that I am right, yes, dissappointed - science
always wins hands down. I wish it wasn't so but that is how it is.
When they run away and take their BS with them on how they got guts to take my
ﬂirting, sexualisation and how they can ﬁx this guy...I go back to what I
discovered many a times before.
I do it diﬀerently but this time....
I ﬂirt in ﬁrst message with them and in next message I get to know her, ask
questions, listen and always...it works. Always.
When I ﬂirt too much and do more, it triggers their unconscious insecurities they
have inside them to think...
"If I ﬂirt like him. If I sexualise like him. If I reply now, after this...he;d think I'm a
slut, a whore, too easy.."
That is why they run.
Not because of me but because of THIER OWN insecurities and THIER FRIENDS
insecurities because believe me, the women, the girls show your messages to
their friends to get some advice LOL.
You know "what do you think of this guy."
"OOh, he's a creep, don't go for him!"
"OOoh he's nice guy."
In the beginning it was ok to ﬂirt but now you need comfort stage.
3. How It Works (basics)
Attraction and Transition to conversation. Got her number? Ok good.
Next is Comfort phase when meeting up.
You meet and add Comfort.
You can even add comfort to a phone call before you meet. That helps remove
some awkwardiness and she has emotionally invested a little to get to know you
and you know her.
The attraction doesn't entirely dissappear.
You build comfort by revealing something about yourself, the real stuﬀ but still
use attraction by being light hearted, a little fun and not always too serious.
Comfort phase.....you need her to emotionally invest and to do that, you need to
ask questions, listen, share yourself by painting emotional scenes, stories instead
of being boring and linear.
Fuck her mind ﬁrst.
Let her see the landscape, the grass, the adventure. Let her feel.
Let her see why she needs to meet you again, be intimate with you, want to know
you more etc.
You want her to open up to share who she is and ask questions most guys daren't
ask or don't because all they see is tits and ass.

Yes, tits and ass attracted you to her but now, it's much deeper. She has
personality, values, life, stories, experiences, etc. Get to know her.
Listen. Listen. Listen.
In doing so, you listen and you share about you in a story way, which relates to
what she says as well. It can also lead to other conversation.
Instead of sticking to one conversation, jump to others, so it's not linear. Instead
of letting her share one thing, expand it to ﬁnd more of this one thing.
Hoeever, if you are ﬂirting too much....if you don't allow her to see the real you
and you don't see the real her then it becomes empty.
You don't give the opportunity for her to...FEEL alive with you.
It's about...feeling.
When feelings happen, memnories of positivity and arousement kicks in which
then connects with you and her.
This is what commericials do.
This is what marketing desires to do.
To trigger the emotion and when you do, you trigger the memory. You want to
trigger the positive memory and you cannot if you don't know her. You must ask
questions, use statements, bring out from her what inspires her, what interestes
her, how she sees the world and use it to enrich the experience with you.
If you just keep dancing then there is no emotional connection between you both.
It's not new, exciting and just something she can get anywhere else.
3. Qualify
Qualifying is to show you got standards.
let's assume I am you, so my standards is this..
- I want a woman who isn't socially awkward
- She isn't sexually insecure and can be open to talk about sex. She is like me, high
sexual driven and can have fun with her even in conversation.
- She is fun, adventureous and takes risks.
So while I converse with her I see if she is very sociable, not too shy, eager to share
about her life and open to converse.
That she's a woman who shows her emotions and touches my shoulders or hand
when talking.
I touch while conversing to see if she's sexually insecure or conﬁdent. Does she
pull away or does she initiate herself and pushes forward?
Does she move away when I kiss or does she move forward and kisses with me?
Does she pull her hands away when I hold her hand or does she keeps her hand
held with mine?
Does she pushes me away when I embrace her or does she acts awkward, insecure
and pushes away.
Does she talk about negativity in past and about ex relationships etc? Has she lots
of baggages I have overlooked and now they are resufacing?
Does she say she likes me but can't love me?

Does she say I'm too good for her? Yes, some say thi.
Has she have some expectations and if so, what are they?
I ask about her life and ﬁnd is she adventerous, takes risk and if so, what
examples has she got to share? I expland the answer to ﬁnd out more.
And if feel we are not really compatible then I thank her for date.. I will say it
there or on phone call it was great to meet her but I don't feel the same way.
I am not a therapist and I do not want to change and ﬁx someone. I am going to
date a woman that is compatible to me and without too much baggage. No one is
perfect but life and relationships are hard enough already.
I don't want a patiant.
I am not going to say to myself "I must have her or no one else," Meh. Not going to
be that type of guy.
I do same online right at the beginning to not waste time in meetings...
At the start in private messages, I say to some women that they are not behaving
like a lover, but platonic and I am not interested in such a woman. I am not
looking for a friend. I got plenty of friends.
That they don't show emotions and it's all from my side and they are not
recipocating so I am moving on..
Some still try to send me messages like..
"Hi,...hey, good evening, good morning...good afernoon blah blah.."
I don't reply. They haven't listened to what I said and they are not showing any
eﬀort that I'm looking for.
So in conclusion..
1. Flirt, tease in the begining. No problem.
2. But now add comfort. Get to know each other at a deeper level,
3. Have standards. You're also deciding. Women don't just decide who to date.
You do to. Don't put anyone on a pedestal. She maybe attractive but so what?
Have standards.
I was a bit detailed but that's how I share.
I don't want you to walk away and be confused about what I am saying here. I
hate being vague and I like to be thorough but use my own experiences.
Adapt to your own situation as you please.
3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I write a multi-dimensional villain that is pure evil and
corrupt?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are some movies and books I really like. Far too many to mention all of
them but I can mention something that really hooks me in with the villans.
1. They go for same goal as the hero. They want to prevent the hero getting it, so
they can get it - and so - you see the transformation of a villian, similar to the
hero. You see the beginning of what ﬂipped the switch to be a villian.

Therefore he cannot be just pure evil, no feelings, emotions, and linear. Instead
he got some things a hero has but in a diﬀerent way.
like Jedi - they believe in good and so they ﬁght to achieve the means
Dark side - they believe in opposite but see it as good and rationalise it is for good
of all. And what I like is seeing is the good transform with emotions,
psychological weakness and moral weakness to..... ﬁnd himself being a solider of
the dark side.
Like superman and Zod.
Like the Green Lantern.
He ﬁghts an evil in ﬁrst movie and that evil was a good person at ﬁrst but wanted
more power and this power, changed the character into one of enemy forces for
the lanterns.
We will see the villian once came from a family, or members, or society and
something happened gradually to change this person into a villian - and
sometimes it is a battle back and forth from within.
So even if the character isn't pure evil, we feel sorry for him/her sometimes, we
might even want him or her win on a little bit of our side. We will see the climatic
battle that brings it all together and realisation of both hero and villain.
Look more on the psychology part from morals to weakness.
Look at great novels and movies and then map these two out from them, and
you'll see something of a pattern. A structure for villians.
It makes the story very interesting.
Pure evil is too easy. It's not challenging for the audience and their emotions. You
have to realise and appereciate you're writing to human beings.
So, they got emotions and they need to see themselves in this story too or at least
feel the villians feelings, the phsychological weakness, the moral weakness, the
desire, the reason behind the desire, the gradual transformation of the villian that
leads to the battle and the realisation her villian and hero come to.
I love stories so much I would sit watch movies and read novels to map out the
pattern they have, and always it is the same process but done it just a diﬀerent
ways as the landscape, the spiral or linear type of story, the genre etc.
583 Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys use a indirect approach when they like a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 11, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's because of the many years of social conditioning and with it comes a lot of
fear. Deep down, at an unconscious level, most guys live in fear and many seek
validation, acceptance and to be liked.
So they wear like most - a social mask to cower away in the dark of their own souls
when really their desire to say...
"I like you."
"I think you're attractive."
"I want to get to know you."
To even a diﬀerent level of sexualisation talk, "I want to fuck you and I can
imagine us....."

Oh you can't say that, can you because all women are fucking princess. I mean, all
the books, stories, tell us how all women are fragile, princess, you got to be so
careful, be a gentleman, be that knight in shining armour and speak indirectly.
We got to do what the women learnt in movies, romance novels…make them feel
special, princess, do all that romance hints, subtle stuﬀ. (Yawn.)
Because Shhhhhh. You don't want to make her blush.
You don't want to think..."OOooh, he wants sex BECAUSE he asked for my
number."
You don’t want her to think you are attracted to her beauty. No, you got to let her
know she’s ugly because if she thinks you know she’s pretty then she be thinking
about how all you want is sex.
Because sex is bad, very bad, not natural, and we was born here by ﬂying
ﬂamingos and it just not natural. It’s shame, guilty, oooh bad, bad, evil, taboo,
and just…so creepy (roll eyes).
You don't believe that's the SHIT in some girls/women head? Really. Ok...here,
check this question out right here...
How do ,I gave my crush my number after he asked me but I forgot to ask him
about his name because I was nervous is that ok?
THIS is the bullshit in most girls/women's head. This.
Not wiling tot ake responsibility to say yes. To say YES means she is not
accountable, responsible for her own actions on what is going to happen. It will
lead to if anything goes wrong..
"He used me for sex. That's all he wanted."
No, you don't want her to suddenly think this. So you better not say, right? You
better not say...."So what's your number."
Because suddenly she thinks..
Does my friend have feelings for me, or does he just want to have sex?
You don't want her to know you see her attractive, tell her she is so damns sexy,
make her pussy drip because she's a princess. She does not think about any of
these things at all.
No, she does not masturabate in the shower, on her bed with a pillow or ﬁngers
because she's....so perfect, angelic, goddess, right up there on a pedestal. She
doesn't need to ever do this.
Of course she doesn't do any of such things because she has no emotions
whatsoever and..
50 shades of grey that was bought by women, sold more than many great books
out there....inﬂuencing and increasing sales for sexy clothes, lingeries, sex toys,
romance novels...WAS an illusion.
It didn't happen. It doesn't exist.
It can't because women never, ever, fantasises about getting pinned to wall and
their body ravished by a rich hot looking guy.
A guy by the way who is messed up in head and has a history that will terrify you.
But hey...it sold books. Women bought it.
Yes, it all happened in your imagination guys.

You didn't see women on tube trains and romance novels selling more than porn
on the internet is just an illusion. And escorts rising with women wanted to fuck,
make money fucking isn't happening at all.
No, women don’t want fuckbuddies.
There are no walkers, young girls who study but have sex with guys to pay their
fees. No, these don’t exist.
No, women don’t plaster selﬁes every day of their pouting lips and asses, and
curves, on Facebook and Instagram. Nah, doesn’t happen on planet earth. Sex is
abnormal, it’s not natural, it’s evil, and all men who wants sex are evil and bad…
bad..men.
It's just a conspiracy by George!
A Conspiracy and Adam Taha is an asshole because he don't know shit. He's
talking out of his ass. All this is from his imagination and his pervetred mind for
pussy.
None of what he says works because it just too damn crazy to think women also
have psychological process to life, dating and relationships. To think women
don’t frienzone guys and say it doesn’t exist. To think women don’t make guys
into emotional tampon if he’s passive and orbits around her.
No, that don’t ever happen. Adam is out of his head. It’s all in his imaginations.
They don't because.....they are princess where knights must save them and be
very gentle to not oﬀend in anyway because they will cry and their tears will ﬂow
like pearls.
And as those pearls fall, angels will sing and mountains will become diamonds,
and snow ﬂakes with cartoon birds singing away.
Remember! She's from a planet of a diﬀerent kind.
She does not bleed when she gets hurt.
She does not cry like you do.
She doesn't have dreams like you do.
She doesn’t fantasize at all or has sex toys hidden under her bed.
She doesn't have any kind of festish or any sexual desire.
She doesn't walk afraid when she walks in streets and sees a guy, to quickly cover
her breasts with her jacket.
She is supergirls, from superman's lineage.
Kryptonite is her weakness ;)
She is....PERFECT.
That's who she is and you is just......shit.
You are nobody.
You must quiver, tremble as you approach her and if she says no, it must be
because you are imperfect. You have ﬂaws and your opinion of yourself lower to
her opinion of you.
God damn you. Don't you know she's perfect.
Not one slight moment does she ever think about sex. Not once. Not once has she
ever been attracted to men or.....women....or both!

You must be out of your heads guys!
She doesn't see a guy who is a hunk and want to fuck him. Of course not.
In fact, who needs men! Let's go for that too.
She is so perfect, she doesn't need a man. She can provide for herself, get a job,
pay her bills, pay mortgage, ﬂy up in that career of hers. She doesn't need
intimacy, she does not need relationship, she does not need emotional support
and committment, and that touch of man.
Give her some toys and that's all she ever need.
Yeah, she don't need a man. The toys will listen to her, comfort her, give her
intimacy, the touch, the comittment and emotional support. Just put a battery in
and hey prestor.. brrrrrrrrrr. Or just date, fuck and marry or date muliple women
because women can give all she ever needs.
Men? Meh.
No need for man anymore ;)
They have no emotions whatsoever regarding this matter. They are princess. How
many times do you want me to repeat this?
She's clean, pure but you are not (rolling his eyes)
No, she's a princess, divine, so sweet, innocent, cute and would never be that type
of person and to even imagine she is sexual being is a crime. It is pervasion. It is
god damn wrong. Yes, against all that a woman is.
Never a moment, a second, a nanosecond does she see man and thinks..
"OMG. Look his ass! Look his face. I wonder if he got a big dick ;)
They are immortals I tell you. Not of human kind at all. No emotions of such
kind. Tell any woman right now but be careful not to oﬀend.
You'll make her cry and blush.
Then you got on top years of social conditioning, years of bullshit, it dictates the
norm because what the masses follow will dictates what is true and what isn't...
"OOoh, you can't approach women in the streets, Any guy does is a creep."
"You can't approach woman in a cafe. You intrude her space."
"You can't..blah blah."
"No! Don't do that. It's wrong. I would not like a man approach me..."
Please. You're not a woman who speaks for all women on planet. I don't know
how many women I approached and it was well, awesome, and we date. If I
listened to that kind of clap trap I'd be like most guys, scared as shit.
By George! You'll break her if you approach her.
So fragile, she will crack into a million pieces if you approach her. Ooh, don't kiss
her. Ask her permission, Kneel on the ﬂoor like a knight, kiss her feet for every
step blesses the path she walks on and say..
"Princess, can I kiss you on the cheek."
"Princes, can we hold hands?"
"Oh princess, my darling, can we have...erm...sex..PLEEEEAASSSSEEEEEE..."
To tell her she is attractive, is no good.

No, NO, NO!
That means you look at for her sex.
That means you're objectifying.
Oooooooh, Be careful now. Women might not like it. OOoooh. You must not say
such words as tits, ass, curves. They will get upset. You might lose her. Your wifey
will divource you. No sex for a week. You sleep on sofa.
You must have a mind reading tool to ﬁrst read her mind from a far and see her
personality. Then you approach because you know her personality. Yes, we men
have devises for that.
Even a devise to read all these subtle pathetic messages we get and which goes
way over our heads.
That's right. She has no tits, no ass, she is UGLY! UGLY I say. Fucking UGLY.
What did you say?
Girl - don' call me Hot!
Girl - I don't like you saying I'm attractive
Girl - Don't call mer sexy
Me - Oh that's ﬁne. YOU'RE FUCKING UGLY then. UGLY. I won't want to date you
because you're UGLY. YES UGLY. I don't ever want to have sex with you EVER
because you're UGLY! How about that? Is that what you want to hear? That your
UGLY? You have no ass, it's shit, droopy. Too big. Too small. No curves
whatsoever. UGLY! Is that what you want me to say?
Lots and lots of bullshit which by the way I still hear.
Suddenly most men's brain thinks...
1. She's out of my league
2. What if she don't like me
3. What if others are watching
4. What if she runs away and lose her
5., What if I look like a retard
6. People are looking and I'll look stupid if she rejections me
Put these together and it becomes a word - rejection.
The fear of rejection.
Thinking someone else's opinion about who we are is better than our own
opinion about ourselves.
52 Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers · Answer requested by Tanya Monica Turdo

What advice would you give to a 27 years old guy that had never
been in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The advice will be this...
Don't go looking for relationship. You ﬁrst must learn to get out of your comfort
zone and start approaching lots of people and say hi.

I am saying this because most people who have trouble in regards to dating, is
they don't do enough of going out, approaching and building relationships. They
are going to work and back home, TV or Internet.
They see someone they like and do all that sublte message crap, indirect nosense
and not show true intent.
So if you want a relationship, ﬁrst approach, socialise and sort out a date.
Get to know lots of women. Socialise, connect at an emotional level. You can then
ask one of them if they like to get to know you better over a drink because you
ﬁnd them interesting and attractive, then sorted.
Start from the basics ﬁrst.
1. Approach
2. Flirt, tease, transition to conversation
3. Ask the woman out.
4. Exchange number
And when it does follow through to become a date then you need to start building
comfort. You ﬁnd out more about her and she ﬁnds more about you without
getting too serious with tons of questions that bore each other silly.
Start from the basics.
One step at a time.
Start with knowing what you want, the woman you want to give you a guideline
kind of thing.
Start with the basic.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is your most life changing event?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Life: What are the life changing events that have taken place in your life?

It was the day in which I made a decision.
I am going to make that bastard Musoluh give me my papers or I'm going to die
trying. I was 12 years old.
My relatives left me in yemen and within those years as a child I worked hard in
the streets, doing whatever to make money. Selling sweets, making things from
steel can and anytyhing I could ﬁnd to sell.
Much of what I need before coming to the West, was due to this area of my life.
Bring fearless to approach people, strangers, to sell, inﬂuence, motivate, to
survive and live my life day to day.
You have two choices.
1. Either wait and complain why world is what it is.
2. Or you ﬁx it. I choose to ﬁx it and put everything on the line. I had nothing to
lose. If I stayed longer, then death is nearby. So I might as well meet death face to
face with courage to ﬁx it and see how it goes.
All my sisters and brother was out of the country. My parents were able to take
them out except me.

The system wouldn't let them take me because they wanted me to grow up as a
man and be in the army.
So, with that, I marched for days on end, until I reached large building with a
large gate. In front where solidiers. I saw army Jeeps going back and forth.
I walked up to the gate
Soldiers - what do you want?
Me - I want to see the Ambassador
Soldiers - You hear this? He wants to see the Ambassaor.
Soliders - Hahahaha.
Me - Tell him I want to see him.
Soldiers - Go back home.
Me - I walked 3 days and I am staying until I see him.
Soliders - See this gun. If you don't leave I will...
Other soldiers - Listen boy, go home. He will do it.
Me - NO! You listen. You get me to see him or I stay here. I wait.
Soliders - Hahahahaha. You stay there all night long for all we care you worthless
son of a dog
And so I sat opposite the path and day one went by. I didn't have much food left. I
was running out of water and these soldiers would not want to give me any.
Dat two went by.
Day three went by
I had only one bread left, half bottle of water and a couple of sweets but one of the
soldier's told to get up. Someone wants to see me.
I was dragged inside to see the Ambassador.
I walked to see the plush building, the spiral stair case, the shining tiles and I felt
sick on how the people were starving and these bastards living it up.
This is why I hate politicians.
They can all fuck oﬀ no matter of they in Yemen, USA, England or anywhere else.
I will never vote and no one can tell me shit on why. I don't give a damn about
stories about change and voting.
I know money, power and the many companies do to make the change and
delude us we can make the change.
No, I was pissed, angry to see how these politicians used our wealth, our land, oyr
country for their living.
The large door wooden doors opened for me to stare at the shiny mohagany
chairs, tables and large paintings. I saw silver, I saw gold on the table. I saw things
I didn't know even exist.
A small chubby man with a bald head was staring towards a large window.
He turned round as the soldier walked towards him and whispered something
Musoluh- So you're the boy who slept outside for 3 days to meet me.
Me - No. I'm the boy who wants the papers signed so I leave Yemen

Musoluh - What makes you so special?
Me - Special?
Musoluh - Yes. You're not any diﬀerent to everyone else. You think you have
rights above everyone else when you must ﬁrst go in army.
Me - I don't care about the army
Musoluh - You don't care about your country
Me - No, I said I don't care about the army. Look at you, you are not hungry like
me, grandma and people. You live here while my grandma lives in shit hole.
People starving and army ﬁght for you, so why I ﬁght for you to end with what
they got.
Musoluh - A trouble maker.
Me - You're going to give me my papers?
Musoluh - No
Me - Ok. I stay outside, sleep there until you do.
I got my papers and that life changing event out of many through my journey
from my country to England is this..
No one is going to give you want. You want it. Go and ﬁght for it. Don't wait for
signs, miracles or anything else. You have a choice.
You can let life dictate, people dictate or you ﬁx it. Put everything on the line and
go and ﬁx it because no one else will do it for you.
You go and make whatever it is you want to make happen.
I boarded the plane a couple of weeks later as parents sent money to pay for the
tickets. I remembered what my friend said..
Khalid - You promise after you make it in England, with writing, singing, you
come back to help me out, right
Me - I will. I go there. Make money. Get you and others out.
He died a year later. The poverty hit people hard in my country and this was my
second life changing event...
You have plans but life has other plans too. Whatever friendship you have,
cherish them and whatever you dreams you have....it will happen but maybe not
in the time you want with the people you wanted.
Make sure then, it is a big dream, a desire so strong because life will test and if
your problems bigger than your dreams, if what people think of you is bigger than
your own opinion...it's over before it even started.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

At what point in constantly getting rejected by woman after
woman should you just stop pursuing women altogether?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - .....and go for a drink.
Her -I'm just not ready for dating right now
Me - Ok well it was....
Her - It's just I'm so busy

Me - Well as I was saying...
Her - And also got so much work to do at my job
Me - I understand. I was saying...
Her - And you know how it is,
Me - BEFORE....you say anything. I just wanted to say it was great meeting
anyway. Bye.
Her - Wait! You're not going to try again?
Me - (WTF?!?!)
Yes, it happened and yes, the point of rejection is when she says no, that's it. I
move on. If she does the above, I know for certain move on very fast.
I don't like games. I take yes, as yes, and no as no.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

In a coﬀee date, would you order something to eat from the
beginning?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Coﬀee? Coﬀee? Forget that. I order the most expensive bottle, choose the most
expensive dishes and get her to pay for it. Then when done, say..
"Cheers for that lass. See you tomorrow."
Joke.
Nah man. I take the girl to some place where the music is kiccking, the vibe is
buzzing and we got some drinks, and shake our asses on the ﬂoor. We'll dominate
the club like we own it.
We'll be downing those drinks like nothing and doing the old salt and whatever
trick and down some more.
By time we ﬁnished, all fear and awkwardiness gone and we'll be looking at each
other like crazy.
You know what that crazy look means, don't you?
Yeah you do.
She either going to take you outside and you ﬁnd out she's a vampire, and drink
your blood, like those crap teen vampire wolves movies.
Or KEBABS with chips and salad, sauce ;)
Walking around talking, laughing, and..as we stuﬀ our face and...
Me - would you fuck him?
Her - Nah. I'd marry him but fuck him, mah.
Me - Ok what about her.
Her - Oh yes. Her. Deﬁnitely her
Me and Her - Hahahahaha. We're crazy.
We'll play other games as we go along the streets like we're superheros. like we sex
beasts from another planet - who don't give a shit and modesty, and shame with
sex.

And..
Her - hey have you been to this bar?
Me - No. I heard it's awesome.
Her - (grins)
Me - Come on! Let's go in!
Bouncers let's us in even they know they shouldn't.....and away we go again.
;)
7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is asking me (an atheist) to attend Easter service
with her. Should I feel obligated to go?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally mate, because I believe in what I believe, and the women I date knows
this....I go. I have a lot of fun to. I am not monogamous, so....
1. The jewish woman I'm dating. I go and they so friendly man. I just go, sit and
chill. I'm not doing it out of being obligated and she knows that too. Have a lot of
fun talking about all sorts.
2. Christain. I'm also dating a woman whose family are Christains. So I, I'd stroll
of to church. I have a blast as well with the guy who preachers there.
Him - You're Aran right
Me - Yes
Him - You don't look Arab. You look like..
Me - Arab mixed with Indian, spiced up with Brazillian
Him - Hahaha.
Him - So what you think to Jesus, guy on cross?
Me - I think he's a good looking fellow you know. I mean, he has more skills than
me. raising dead, on cross, dies and appears next day. He has skills.
Him and others - (smiling, laughing) You're sure diﬀerent to Arabs I meet
Me - Yeah, glad to hear it. Say hello to jesus for me ok.
Him - I will.
3. Then there's my girlfriend who believes in buddism. I get all the spiritual stuﬀ
from her. Shes the expert of spirituality. Awesome.
4. And ﬁnally, girlfriend who is an athiest and daaayum, she is an awesome
painter. Her drawing better than mine. Knowledgable in politics and all sorts.
Now with her, I can talk for hours on end and I stroll oﬀ to these organisations she
goes to.
So, I believe what I believe. I go because for women I date, to be with them and
they don't try to convert me at all.
742 Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if someone is judging you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They either hide behind a computer screen and start calling you all kinds of
names. Fucking grown ups too mate. Like I'm going to cry. Instead i give as good
as I get. Like here, where guy calls me creep or creepy..when I gave solutions for a
guy for real world to ﬁx his problem in future regarding dating...
Look on comment under my answer.
I've been on 4 dates with this gal and we still haven't kissed. So far nothing I've
done to get intimate with her has worked. I'm contemplating force kissing her.
Can a forced kiss actually work?
In world we love in, with all it's diversities, we still got people who do it and they
don't realise when they do it, they are saying to me..
"I've lost control."
To whom?
To their brain because their brain, our judges out of..FEAR.
It ﬁlters, categorises and labels, and puts things in certain places which gets a
person to see the world in a certain way. Their perception and perception for
people is reality. So people automatically judges but for a man or woman, who
understands themselves, who are self aware, will stop themselves from doing.
But even them, at an unconscious level, they will still be judging but won't know,
and yet their behavior is going to be dictated. They will act in a certain way.
You're going to get that everywhere in the world mate.
You're going to get it from relatives, some friends, strangers, work place, on bus,
train, everywhere you go, someone is judging is judging someone.
It makes them feel better. It makes them feel good to try to make someone feel
shit. It makes them feel they are better than someone else because their ego is
saying...
"Oooh, your better than this person. Your opinion is RIGHT. You are ONLY right.
Everyone else, even Adam's opinion is wrong..."
I meet people like this every damn day of my life because I am vocal, I am
conﬁdent., I am skilled, I know what I know from real life experience. I have
ripped every kind of bs inside me to see the world clear as day.
And some people don't like to hear the truth in regards to subjects I am
passionate and one of them is how to approach dating.
So what did I do to help me?
You got to let go of the social mask, the ego and not worry about people judging
you because most people do so, to deﬁne themselves and their own insecurities.
They come from their own place, enviroment, fears.
So what I do, is I believe in myself.
I believe in what I am doing, I believe in what I am writing and how I live. Those
who don't like it can simple go and fuck themselves.
Those who like to get to know me, without putting labels on me, without judging,
and wake up to the fact that we are all diﬀerent, with diﬀerent perceptions and
that's our reality....then welcome.
Those who can derive beneﬁt from the diﬀerences we have and want to come
together to learn from each other...welcome.
Then there are times when you got a gut feeling.

A vibe you have.
People also do it silently and may behave in a certain way.
Like frowning or looking at you in a certain way.
Ignoring you etc.
The solution is to let go of the social mask and see those who judge don't matter
but also, when time comes, stand up for yourself.
A time will come online or oﬄine when you need to stand up for yourself.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I've been on 4 dates with this gal and we still haven't kissed. So
far nothing I've done to get intimate with her has worked. I'm
contemplating force kissing her. Can a forced kiss actually
work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Looks like you put her on pedestal because I have never forced a kiss as there no
need to either. Sure, it happens in comics, movies, romance novels but really, in
real life it doesn't happen that way.
The problem you face is due to steps way back and unfortunately, that stems from
you putting her on a pedestal from day one.
Forcing is sexual assault and can lead to implications you don't even want to go
there. It can mess your life up and hers. It can enforce a lot in her mind about
men, life and society too.
You must always be the man who leaves a woman better than the day he met her.
We're going to look at solutions and to do that, we need to identify what went
wrong in the very beginning...
1. Approach And Qualify
When I approach I make sure my intent clear that I'm attracted to her and not as
some platonic friend either. She can get that from any guy out of the thousands
around her and her guy friends who orbit around her.
So when I approach, I am not going to play it safe.
I'm going to make sure from the very beginning this is sexual attraction. I'm
going to ﬂirt, tease and throughout this process, I will qualify.
What do I mean by qualify?
I am a high sexual guy, who likes to touch, kiss, embrace, and yes, sex. Oooh. I
said that word "sex."
I'm going to ﬁnd out if she's insecure, if she's insecure about her sexuality as well.
If she is carrting or projecting past expereiences.
I will know because most people cannot help but talk about themselves and tell
you their problems. So if I ﬁnd out, she has problems relationship wise, carrying
tons of baggage....I am going to walk away.
She's not ready to date.
She needs time, space, to work on herself and her life. I'm not dating to be her
therapist but her lover.

2. Follow up and Comfort
If all is well, if I see she is compatible for a guy like me and she shows it so, which
the women who are cimpatrible to me, do, then ok..we exchange numbes.
I have her number and we may even habe some whatsapp or private messaging
way. Whatever woirks for both of us. I will build on attraction and also comfort.
We get to know each other.
She learns I am a sexual man agaim. She learns what will happen if we do meet.
Now is the time to get some things out in the open.
She shares something of her and I share something of me, while making sure she
knows what will happen IF we meet.
Her - so what would be ideal then when we meet?
Me - I always smile, embrace and kiss. How good are you at kissing from 1-10
Her - 7. You, (LOL)
Me - 10. So we're all good when we meet
Her - Hahaha. yes. I'm not a prude. I like kissing too ;)
There we go. Now if a woman acts butt hurt from this, we're not going to date,
meet. Not a chance. If I ﬁnd some challenges like she had hard time in past etc
etc. I will say it's best to maybe have time for herself and not date because,..
And I explain.
Sometimes she'd say, "Oh it won't be problem when we meet. Not going to
suddenly act like some woman who play games. I want you to be open with me,
intimate."
That's an honest phone conversation mate and I won't be surprised most people
don't even do that. Instead, playing safe.
She will know, when we meet, we are going to kiss. We're going to have fun. It's
not going to be awkward. We're not going to meet as platonic friends.
3. Dating and The Kiss
The moment I meet her and she meets me, and I smile, embrace and...KISS on the
forehead. That isn't forced. That is me framing it from day one, who I am, if she is
compatible with a guy like me or don't bother meeting me no matter how
gorgeous and her curves are.
The problem with guys is when they meet someone they REALLY into, REALLY
like, REALLY attracted to....they behave put the woman on a pedestal.
Then start looking for some magic technique or some forced way.
You don't need to.
Be honest from day one. Qualify from day one.
Most play safe from the very beginning and all up her ass because they desperate
to date her and not really qualifying ﬁrst.
They fear losing her.
I WANT to loser her.
I want women who message me to run away because it tells me, we are not of
same wave length. We are not compatibale. They brought up as conservative or
whatever, I don't care. They are not compatible with me.

Same when approachingf women.
Same when in business.
Same when attracting friends.
So now, when they meet, it is awkward to be intimate.
It is awkward to hold hands.
It is awkward to touch and kiss.
And what do you know!
The woman says...
"I had a lovely time with you in these few weeks/months but...I don't feel the
way you do about me. CAN....WE...BE...FRIENDS."
That is due to man not leading. Playing safe. Not being true to himself, not being
congruent to what he feels and what he wants to happen.
That's due putting her on pedestal from day one.
So you don't need to force anything. You don't need to trick and do this or that.
With her, go slowly and force nothing.
You made a mistake from beginning putting her up on some pedestal and acting
like some platonic friend. That was your mistake.
Now, you go slow because you cannot suddenly do what I do when the beginning
of when you apprpached and dated, is platonic.
It will look weird to her.
Start slow.
Converse and touch her arms.
Converse and touch her hands.
Walk, converse, stroke her back.
See her response. Escalate in that way.
Next time, don't play it safe when approaching women because this is what
happens to guys who do.
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

Where can I get a poem explaining the crush I feel on
somebody?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wrote this as a way to explain when someone is infatuated, going through a
crush on a girl. It shows what some guys go through. There's more in my Quora
blog at Dating And Relationships Lyrics By Adam
ADDICTED
You wish she sees you
more than a friend
You do the wrong things
To try to ﬁt in

You don't know how to get her attention
You can't even say hello
The harder you try
You end up say nothing
You're addicted
Intoxicated
Infatuated
With this girl tonight
You're addicted
Captivated
No doubt about it
Hoping she be your girl tonight
You're addicted
Facinated
What you're gonna do about it
To make her your girl tonight
You stay up most nights rehearsing
Trying to dress, talk and walk like them
Hoping they’ll invite you to their party
Hoping it'll make you a somebody
Keeping up the lies is hard work
Making sure there’s no lose ends
The night is comng to an end and she be gone
You gotta tell her something - that she's the one
You're addicted
Intoxicated
Infatuated
With this girl tonight
You're addicted
Captivated
No doubt about it
Hoping she be your girl tonight
You're addicted
Facinated
What you're gonna do about it
To make her your girl tonight
Looking for signals
You gotta be certain
You can't read her mind
What good will it ever bring
You're wasting your time
Why are you just staring
The same movie playing
Replaying through your mind
You thnk she's out of your league
You don't exist in her timeline
You're running out of time
You're addicted
Intoxicated
Infatuated
With this girl tonight

You're addicted
Captivated
No doubt about it
Hoping she be your girl tonight
You're addicted
Facinated
What you're gonna do about it
To make her your girl tonight
Like a moth - you're pulled into the light
I can see you losing the ﬁght
She ignores you all through the night
You still won't let go
Cause you're addicted
So addicted her - alright!
You're addicted
Intoxicated
Infatuated
With this girl tonight
You're addicted
Captivated
No doubt about it
Hoping she be your girl tonight
You're addicted
Facinated
What you're gonna do about it
To make her your girl tonight
For more on crushes, love, romance, dating lyrics, poems you can follow me here:
Dating And Relationships Lyrics By Adam
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl wears a skirt on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means shes super woman who just ﬁnished saving the world, and worked her
butt oﬀ, and she wants to relax without anyone trying to judge her on what she
wears or see some hidden meaning.
Focus on the girl not the skirt and why she wears pants.
She can wear overalls for all I care. All that matters to me is she isn't insecure,
scared, insecure about her sexuality, and no mind games, and we're going to have
an amazing time. Instead of the awkwardiness and usual nonsense.
So she wears skirt or pants - it means nothing.
I'd be more focused just getting to know her and hope she is fun, hope she don't
take things serously, hope she isn't butt hurt when I ﬂirt, sexualise and just be fun
being myself. Hope she ain't boring.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend of 2 years wants to break up with me after a ﬁght
we had about my mom. She says I'm a mama's boy. What should
I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Feb 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I hope you read some of my answers, to get a sense of the type of guy I am. If it's
women, they'd perceieve me as a play, and all that bs kind of thing. Even when
talking I sexualise the fuck out it to scare insecure women away and attract
women who patient to want to know more deeper of me.
Many message me on Quora and they won't last after two messages with each
other because I sexualise a lot in my words and I am very up front, blunt when
answering questions.
So you know my character a little as it does connect with the answer.
Now, even this is so, and even I date multiple women, even when others perceieve
me as a guy who only loves to fuck women, a jerk, a creep, asshole, whatever
tossers like to call me......one thing no woman ever fucking steps over.
There is a line and it is this..
My mum.
I don't give a shit who she is, how good looking she is, how she got delicious
pussy, great ass, tits, curves, looks, whatever.
Mention any shit about my mum, say anything in regards her about me too, and
she's out. Out and back to where she bloody well well came from.
If my mum needs something, if I am at the other end of the god damn planet,
even if I don't get along with her much, don't see eye to eye, argue sometmes
crazy but she has now accepted me for who I am.....I will drop everyhing, tell the
boss to go and screw himself, and travel to help her.
She, accepted me as I am. Most women, don't. That's the diﬀerence between my
mum in a sense and many women I meet oﬄine and even on Quora, and dating
websites. They cannot take who I am, she can.
I'm her son and she been through hell in a sense because I come from a
community, stuck in middle to face a diﬀerent white british and multicultura
community. I'm the devil incarnated to some and a player to others, and a guy
who thnks sex alone and one know fuck all about me.
But my mum knows sees the side of me most women will never, ever see because
most are full of shit, ready to judge anyway, ready to label me, ready to say who I
am when they know damn nothing of who I am. Ready to dictate some role,
relationship and change, to ﬁx me.
My mum done that already and failed. So she knows me well.
So that's my mum and I am the eldest of the 7.
She ain't going to no nursing damn home.
She ain't going to worry about none of that bullshit. She ain't and nor my dad is.
Both I don't get a long with much. They don't believe what I believe. They don't
see what I see. They think I'm wild, rebel, masculine nut of a guy.
And also "why the hell women date my son. I don't understand it!"
But they are my parents.
She put up with me and so did my dad.
With all my shit, and bringing ton of girls home, fucking them, to stealing bikes,
to going nuts as a young guy, to failing in school...college...causing mayhem in
city I was living in......ﬁghing in streets, to later seeing me becoming a success in
many talents, coaching and mentoring tons of people.

She and my dad took it on the chin, they didn't say piss oﬀ.
They didn't call me a womanizer, player, manipulator, creep, or antthing society
and most women call guys like me.
She is a mother. He is my dad.
She screamed. Shouted, Wailed, Cried. You know how it is.
That doesn't make me a mama's boy.
It makes me a man who cares for his mum.
I may be away more than all the siblings, chasing a dream, dating many women,
fucking like crazy and I have no shame whatsoever in it either.
However, whenever something happens, they all call me, and when it's mum., the
world can fucking burn to hell for all I care.
I'm coming and I'll come with an army who ever messes with my mum.
Now, if my mum said..
"Son this woman is not good for you and.."
Then the man in me will speak....
Me - Hey, mum. You're my mum but don't ever interfere in my business. I love
you, your my mum but don't interfere on this matter.."
And I did that and she respected that.
That's not a mama's boy, that's a man, no matter what any god damn woman
says, she be proud to have him as her man, even...if he's dating multiple women.
Let the girl know, get with the program or take a hike.
Plenty of women mate but you only got one mum. When she's gone, she is gone.
Nothing on this earth will bring her back.
No money in this world can bring her back. When she goes and when your dad
goes, it's over. Gone. Forever. Only left is a tombstone and memories.
If you're mum needs help, and your helping her, good man!
Never be ashamed of doing so. That's a man any woman be proud to be with.
In my books, if I met you, I'll buy you a drink, I'll get some girl to sit with you and
she be smoking hot, and we'll play some poker as we smoke some cigars with the
rest of the guys.
You did good mate.
In all then things you achieve in this world, if you do right with your parents,
even if they sometimes send you nuts as we did to them as kids....you've done
good in life. Real good than you can ever imagine.
I'd be proud to call you my friend.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

One guy used to text me everyday and say he likes me. Now he
blocked my contact and I am so tempted to ask why. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be anything..

1. He found another women to talk to
2. He doesn't want you to see his activity too
3. He got bored as texting everyday and it's not leading to a date, gets boring
4. Or it could be none of the above.
Next time, move faster, don't invest too much time. Until you start dating the guy.
Talk is cheap i.e. "I like you."
Ok so what? Is he asking you out, leading to date etc?
No. Then don't spend too much time with the guy.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you feel about paying the tab on your ﬁrst date with
her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't take woman to a expensive place, or restuant for ﬁrst date.
So a couple of dollars for coﬀee is not expensive is it. Plus, taking women to movie
or resturant, or something expensive is where most typical guys make a big
mistake.
Making it all serious.
You don't do such things on ﬁrst date because you want be light hearted, fun,
walk, touch, hold hands, talk, converse, be close not opposite each other. All this
removes awkwardiness as you build on attraction and confort.
So the ﬁrst few dates isn't going to be some big stuﬀ that most guys do.
I'm there to impress her. I'm there to get to know her, and she knows me and to
qualify and see if I want to date her again.
That doesn't need some expensive dinner, resturant or even a movie.
It needs attraction, comfort stage, adventure, walk, talk, touch, hold, smile, kiss,
converse so she has a great experience to want to meet again.
886 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Andrei Neagu

When you go on a ﬁrst date with someone, is it an immediate
turnoﬀ if they say they live with their parents?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her - I...erm...living at my parents house.
Me - Do you have a basement?
Her - Yes.
Me - Is it sound proof?
Her - Yes and...Oooooh.
Me - (grins)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------On a serious note, it will depend on who you're dating. Personally, if a woman
said to me, she's still living with her parents, it won't be a big deal.
No problem.

There's lots to do, going out, having fun, and anyway, I got my own place if we
need to chill alone. So, it's not here and there.
I think if you're a guy, there are other aspects in your life you can show. Your
social life, the people you associate with, the places you go to, so many things
man, that it makes this look small to her.
The only challenge would be - if it became a serious relationship but don't think
about that now. That's too far out there.
Just get to ﬁrst base because in end of the day, the woman who is really into you,
isn't going to be that bothered.
Years ago, about 15 years ago, I lost property. So I was moving from one place to
another until I ﬁgure out what to do.
I met a woman, and I didn't tell her anything.
She got to know me and by time she did know, she didn't care. She knew me, the
attraction was there and we had fun. It wasn't a big deal.
Get the drift?
Date and make sure you ﬁlter, screen out girls who are bothered about it. Keep
moving forward until you ﬁnd someone who sees you, not everything else. She's
out here but you got to stay focused on the ﬁrst base not massive picture.
The one who is really into you, won't see it as a big deal, the way the girl I dated
didn't see it a big deal. I dated her for 15 years and I am still dating her, and I am
in multiple relationships too.
She accepts me for who I am and that's when you know someone is really into you
big time.
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

What if you realize you're in love with the guy you broke up
with 6 months ago?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then here's the steps to take if you broke up with ex 6 months ago and realised,
"Noooooooo! I'm in love with him..."
1. You can buy a Time Machine for $10!
Yes, that's right. For just $10 + delivery charges, a small devise like a hand clock
will be sent to you.

2. How It Works
Just turn the hands to the year and time you wish to go to. Then speak at what
place you need to be. Brace yourself....

3. Side Eﬀects
When you get to where you want, you may feel yourself gazing into space. Relax.
The feeling will wear oﬀ in a matter of 2 minutes..

4. The Result
If you do this right, you'll have travelled back way before both of you broke up.
You can even go back to when you ﬁrst met and walla! Now this don't always goes
well because you may ﬁnd you remembered why you broke up and what you
really felt was emotional attachement.

5. What if you haven't got $10?
Pick up the phone and call him and see how it goes.

;)
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

A long time friend (a girl) asked me out on a date few days ago.
And one day before the date, she wont reply my texts or calls.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok from your comment details, here's what you need to do. Don't make the
mistakes most typical guys do.
Do not wait for two weeks, or a week. You only have a short window. None of this
playing hard to get nonsense. Move now, and approach her and sort it out for next
date. I mean seriously, don't wait.
Tomorrow even, when you see her, sort it out. Find your balls and approach her
conﬁdently and rearrange the date again. When you do, don't just walk oﬀ. Talk
to her, be fun, not serious. Always light hearted, not serious, not romantic, not
like some chump complimenting her all time.
Just talk to her, be fun, get to know her so she at least sees you're interested and
you got the awkwardiness from both of you lowered down a bit more.
Now, if she ﬂakes out a second time, don't give another a chance.
But you need to approach her now, and sort it out and not wait too long.
6.4k Views · View Upvoters

She stopped answering my text messages and talking to me
altogether, is she playing hard to get?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Mar 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You must be very young because most who waste time snapchatting girls, texting
for months on end and not leading to the goal of dating - are very young and have
no idea about the process.
Or older and inexperienced when it comes to dating.
Texting, snapchatting are low investment tools.
They supposed to be used to build on the attraction real fast and lead to the date
in a matter of a week or so. Even sometimes in a few days.

I approach, and I ﬂirt, tease, be fun and ask her out, and get her number...in a
matter of a few days or week we are dating. That's if she's really interested and if
she isn't I don't bother investing anymore time and eﬀort.
But you spend 6 months texting etc and she didn't know what you're true
intention is or probably did, and loved the attention.
You didn't do your role well.
Then you went and told her friends and not her immediately. Not after one
month, two month, 6 months but immediately you see a girl you like...you show
your true intention to her face.
You don't text, snap chat and invest 6 months wondering when she will make a
move. Then hang out like platonic friends, when you needed to show your true
intention to her from day one.
If she isn't interested then you walk away instead of investing so much time.
6 months you've wasted on one girl who probably isn't interested in you in that
way. Or she was but you was too slow to make your move and did it in a way that
showed you lacked conﬁdence.
The escalation window of you approching a girl when she sees you is very small.
If you don't approach and say it to her immediately then her mind dictates how
she sees you.
She will assume...
"He just wants to be friends."
"Ok, I'll put him in category of a friend as that's what his behaviour is."
"He's no conﬁdent. He went and told my friends instead of me. 6 months he
texted me and all that, and he didn't tell me once. No guts and cannot keep his
feelings between me and him. He goes oﬀ and tells other people, my friends."
If you approached immediately with intent ﬁrst before getting her number then
you can cut through all that time you put in.
You'd ﬁnd out immediately if she's just wants..
1. Attention
2. . To feel they can get a guy to chase
3. Bored
4. For fun
5. Or she is interested in you and wants to date.
That's why you always approach a girl you like immediately, tell her. You don't
emotionally invest time, eﬀort and hanging out. You needed to do this ﬁrst before
anything else and you do it personally by talking to her.
She probably got bored.
Maybe another guy likes her and made his move.
It can be anything but whatever the case maybe, you was too slow.
952 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl says she is too short to reach something, would you
think she's cute?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. I will just think she is short and wonder why she just doesn' pull up a chair
to go and just get that something. Or ask for help if she wants help.
That's not cute to me as a guy.
This is cute..
" I feel so protected and safe when you’re around me"
"Gosh, you look so sexy, all the girls here are checking you out!"
"I enjoy your company more than anyone else’s in the whole world."
" You always know how to make me smile even when I’m down."
"You always make me feel sexy when I feel shit. Thank you."
"Everyone thinks I brag a lot about you. But, you know what, I can’t stop myself."
"I don’t think I’m ever going to forget this wonderful date."
Then she'll do that look. Eyes big, smile, and hands on her chin, in your face.

958 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Delaney Koros

Once the "thrill of the chase" is over while pursuing one girl,
what do guys feel like afterwards? Is their love for her just as
strong or does it change?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There two words. Very diﬀerent to each other.
Pursue - this is when the both parties show genuine interest and they now get
down with the damn thing. Not playing hard bs. The purusing isn't one way. It is
colliding, at each other like you're fucking each others mind and ﬁghting to get to
each other. That's pursing. Both know what they want, both agree they are into
each and both sorting out logistics to meet each other.
Chase - it is called this for a reason and it is a thrill for a reason. It is chase
because like any race there is a....TROPHY.
So any woman or guy plays hard to get is saying, "Hey" I am a trophy! An object. A
Medal. A prize. Come and get the tophy.
You know what happens when race is over and gets the trophy?
Thrill is gone. Needs another trophy.
So if I am pursing then the experience will be rich, fast, like damn bullet and we'll
be fucking on same day or next day. We'd get past the childish immature stuﬀ.
Getting to the real deal, the best part in knowing each other.
But if it's a chase then it leaves a bad taste in my mouth and...I will lose interest
before we even meet. It's gone.
The best relationships and longest happened FAST. Like we are fearless. We knew
what we wanted and we went for it. We couldn't wait to get our hands on each
other, meet face to face, and rip each others clothe oﬀ.
There is was no chasing. It didn't feel like it at all.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

What are the trade oﬀs between playing hard to get and being
too honest and which do you recommend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

p

p y

gy

g

Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, it is not about playing hard to get or being too honest.
It's about understanding the psychology of dating. What you are doing are
mistakes that hinder you greatly. Being honest doesn't mean being naive. Being
honest doesn't mean you bang everything on a plate.
For example...
You don't see me playing hard to get but you also don't see me compliment the
shit out of women either. They get that anyway from every typical guy. Is she
complimenting me? No fucking way.
I'm only going to say it once when I approach and even then, it's no big deal. But
I'm not going to compliment her, and tell her how gorgeous she is, how she has
great eyes, how her personality is blah blah blah.
Screw that shit.
She expects that from a typical guy who puts her on a pedestal.
So I don't compliment women a lot. When I approach I might say she's attractive
but good looks are so common, and like to ﬁnd out more about her over a drink.
That is it. I'm not going to say anything more about her looks and all that.
I'm a lover not a platonic friend. She wants a lover then behave like a woman who
is lover too or bye, bye. I move fast mate. I ﬁlter, screen, qualify women instead of
kissing their ass, complimenting them on everything.
They can get that from every guy around them. It's easy for them to do so.
So there are things you might be doing that hinders your success in regards to
dating.
Being yourself is overated. It is a paradox.
You don't talk to your boss at work if you're working the same way you talk to
your mum, dad and friends?
You ﬁgure out your target market as example in business and then you speak and
behave towards their emotional language or....they don't engage.
If you were applying for a job you'd invest in skills to get it.
See what I mean?
It's a skill.
You got to learn to be a better version of yourself and to do that, you got to learn
about the psychology of who you want to attract. Unfortunately, guys and girls
were not equipped with this knowledge.
It took me a lot to learn, ﬁgure out, study psychology, and go out see what works
and in doing so, much of dating advise today is full of shit. Even "be yourself" is
not going to help you. You need real raw, detailed knowledge, skills, practical
skills and a lot of experience knowing how to handle the problems that comes
with dating.
You are going out there without the necessary knowledge and skill.
I've had guys who kill attraction, guys who got girls talking to them and cannot
and don't know how to lead. Some don't know how to esclate and when. Many
play it safe and many compliment far too much due to neediness.
Most girls, women also self sabotage even when they like the guy! Most are so
afraid being judged, labelled and fear what someone might think of them.

One advise, and they change something due to it and girl changes and dates the
guy. Boom! Fast, and they date and can't believe it. They can't believe this one
step sorts that one problem out.
They didn't realise that most girls come with fears, insecurities, emotions like
guys do. That there is a language to learn and know how to use.
You got to know this, know why, how, and also how to handle it, convey,
communicate, connect. It is a skill mate and when you got it, you don't need to
play hard to get.
One diﬀerence, one simple step, and it can change everything.
Knowledge, skill and a lot of experience.
810 Views · View Upvoters

What is life in London like?
Adam Taha, marketing
Answered Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was living in Sheﬃeld and wanted to move to London because it's bigger, lots of
opportnities and I thought also, women there would be more conﬁdent ;). And
was I right. Not all, but I am having fun dating, drinks, party, party, party.
Here's what I found though on....
1. Accommadation
A small ﬂat bottom room of a house, which has living room, bedroom, bathroom
will get you to pay over £2,000. In some places it will be much more.
I moved in a crazy way. I'm like that. Spontaneous and cannot be assed playing it
safe. So I decided..
"I'm leaving!"
One week of thinking that - I found a place in london and what beauty of a place.
Large living room, bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and a big garden where I do
barbecue and parties when I invite lots of women and guys.
Living standard will depend on you.
How much you earn, the area you live in, area you live in. Accommadation is
expensive in London. You want better, you pay for it kind of thing.
2. Travel
Dependiong on times, but on not busy times like 5pm and mornings, to clubbing
nights, it be ok. Tube stations all over the place. Train every few minutes, no
problem but it can get pretty packed on platform and train also can get packed.
Sometimes you'll catch some musicians as you walk into the station.
3. Food. Resturants
Tons of them. Where I am in Tooting, I only have to walk for 5 minutes and I hit
with lots of shops, supermarkets, takeaways and resturants. Yes, I got it good but
because I got it good....it's hard kicking the girls out of my damn house ;)
It's that good in this area. Everything nearby.
Great food, diﬀerent cultures from indian, chineese, greek...all sorts. There is
even a night club near where I live. Like I said, I got it good.

So make sure when you do move you do at a spot where you got good access to
shops, tube station. The more access, the more pricey your rent is because
landlords take advantage of such things use it for their marketing.
4. Crime
Best to check stats on that from government or police.
Just make sure you don't put your mobile phone in your back pocket and have
your bag with zip in the front not back of your bag. You'd never know when your
phone or wallet, purse is gone.
5. Cars
Now here's the thing about cars. You may not need one if you haven't family. I
haven't got family. I'm what you call a batchelor who is free, date women,
multiple relationships, and having fun. And i'm in my 40s.
So what I do is I can hire a car very fast. Just bang deposit and cash and done. I
then drive and when done, park it nearby and they come and collect.
Because London with a car is crazy for me and I don't care how car make you look
cool. I'm not having a car and hassle with parking. It's madness sometimes trying
to get a parking space where I live. Its always full.
931 Views · View Upvoters

My ex had sex with me and made me do things I didn't want and
then tells me I'm not wife material. I'm devastated. He used me
and then dumps me because I'm "easy". How do I forget?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Feb 16, 2016 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, he didn't dump you because of what the social conditioning has brain washed
many women with words like - easy, slut, whore, etc.
These are labels.
There is no such thing as these. These are creations to control society with fear.
Such as 'modesty' and 'shame' which are also creation to create insecurities about
sex, ones own body, and femninity, and masculinity.
The reason he did that has nothing whatoever with being easy.
He did and said that for his own reasons, his own agenda not because you're easy.
So don't project such experiences on to other relationships and in your life right
now.
You did what he wanted for your reasons i.e. you feared loss. You wanted him so
bad to be in your life that you did what you didn't want to do. You yearned for
validation, acceptance, to be loved and liked.
If he called you easy then he is trying to say that he's not responsible for his own
actions which by the way he is.
Now on regards on how to forget.
You don't forget because if you do, you don't learn.
That's the beauty of our brain. It remembers so that you grow to be more stronger
and wiser on who to date. Also wiser in the choices you make and stronger in
embracing your core values. You'll begin to realise the boundaries you need to
put in place without mind games and how to ﬁlter guys out and guys in.

So instead of forgetting, you move on....
You create your own story instead of a story that self sabotages you and stories
that someone put in your head.
You don't create stories that will prevent you being happy and stories that will get
you to live in fear to do things you don't want to do.
You know what these stories are and this time you're not going to be hungry for
validation, acceptance.
Instead you will be living your own story that increase your self esteem and self
worth. Learn from what has happen and ﬂip it to your advantage.
Now you know what you don't want in a guy. Now you know what to look for
deeper in a guy. Now you know what make you happy and what doesn't.
Use the lessons in life to move forward and be wise in knowing the type of
relationship and man you want to be with.
You're not easy. You're not what anyone deﬁnes you.
You are a woman. A sexual woman. A woman with goals, dreams and aspiration.
There is nothing wrong to love and be loved. There is nothing wrong wanting to
give to your lover you will one day meet unconditionally.
But this time you will come from a place of courage, of peace and the man who
you will love will also come from that place too.
Sometimes, people come into our lives as nothing more than a ﬂicker but that
ﬂicker ignites us from within to realise what we didn't see before.
The red ﬂags, the reason why we attracted such people, how to move forward and
what boundaries do you put in place.
It's how I learnt. I'm sure many people here can in a sense understand where I'm
coming from. Go through the pain and don't let it consume you.
You're not easy.
Believe me, no one is. We are very complex creatures.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I win back my girlfriend that I neglected and pushed
away and now she cheated with a friend and they are recently
engaged?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I know. I know. You're going to say that you now realised and you'll love her
more than ever, blah blah.
Here's the thing..
It doesn't matter anymore what you will now do because what you will now do
isn't relevant to her. Tha's logic.
This isn't about logic but emotions, feelings for her.
People remember how you made them feel and she doesn't care about whether
you learnt, grown and how you will love her more now. And how you learnt from
your mistake.
That is irrelevant to her. You had 5 years.

Woman gives time, and then they switch oﬀ and nothing you can do after that
happens. You had 5 yeats and so that's years oﬀ her life. She's not going to go back
just because you sorted yourself out and realised the errors of your ways.
Whether the guy she's with was bad friend or whatever, it does not matter. That's
her business now, her life and her choice.
Y0u had your chance. You had 5 years. It's gone.
You need to move on.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Daniel Koch

Should I take my friend's advice, play hard-to-get, and make
him chase me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's a common fallacy in dating as you can see from the story in the link below...
Adam Taha's answer to I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to
date me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast.
He told me it was okay but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
Then we got another story here on what can happen...
So I met this girl. This was years ago and it's a story I tell to women who listen to
the BS their friends advise them with and magazines.
We met at a night club and it was going great. We danced, kissed, and we
exchanged numbers. We later met again a couple of days later.
But then something happened.
She started to distance herself. She didn't show much emotions. Even her text
where very diﬀerent. She started to play hard to get.
Why?
I will ﬁnd out later on as you see in this story...
Well, since she didn't answer my calls and since she distance herself, I thought..
"Ok then. I'm moving on."
Four days later, I am dating someone else.
The moment I did....I get a call.
It's here. She's ALIVE!
I lost interest. The attraction is dead.
I found out from her when she started crying, that her mum, sisters, friends were
advising her. She even got pointed to some websites written by women by the way
on how to play hard to get.
They advised her....that a guy who persist is someone who truly like you. Will
stay with you, be in relationship and marry blah blah blah.
Guess what?
It's a load of bollocks.
It works on on chumps. It works on needy, desperate guys.

It works on guys who have no options in their life and haven't the balls to stand
up for themselves if a woman tries that shit on them. Yes, you can dictate sex with
pussy and tell these guys, "no sex for a year" and theyll kiss your ass and say "Ok."
But guys of self respect and high self worth will walk away.
I told her it was over and the girl I started dated became the girl I dated for 15
years. She didn't play hard to get. She didn't manipulate anything. She didn't
think that if a guy has sex with her, he'd dissappear.
Yes, it happens but you cannot generalise and brush every guy because of some
assholes treating women shit. You cannot project that and that is what you're
friends are doing.
They are projecting their past experiences and perceptions onto you. Then you go
and do it and mess it all up for yourself and even...believe that it's the guys fault.
That all men are the same.
If you play hard to get, if there is a tiny...tiny hint that you are....a guy of self
respect and high self worth..... will move on.
He will see you as a manpulative woman, playing some game and won't want to
date you again. He will believe that such a woman who plays such a game will do
so throughout the relationship and in the future.
That you got insecurity problems and easily inﬂuenced by others who advise in
wrong manner. That you will let others interfere in the relationship. That he
cannot trust you to be mature.
Playing hard to get is one of the most common fallacies in dating. When you do
that, you are saying to a guy....
"I AM A TROPHY!"
You know what guys do if they know you're behaving like you're a tropy?
You will attract some type of guy where when the thrill of the chase is gone and it
will......he will look elsewhere.
He does, because he collects....trophies.
He needs another medal.
Another object to brag about to all his mates.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

I told a friend that I loved her and she hasn't talked to me in
years. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's been 4 years and she dissappeared. That's should tell you something. That she
doesn't want to speak to you and she's not into you. She doesn't want to give you
any ideas or hope, and so she distanced herself from you.
That's what happens to guys a lot who be friends with girls/women and then try
to change the dynamics. Girls, women majority of time, do not want to date such
guys as they too nice, too needy, desperate and do not really excite them.
In a sense that is true because 4 years and you're still pining over her. She didn't
call, contact you and a man of self respect don't want anything to do with a
woman who does that. He moves on. Good riddance is what he thinks.
Women see guys like that as too available and alsothey see guys like that having
an agenda - pretending to be a friend to get close afterwards, when you feel

something for them....is what they think guys like that do.
Take it as a lesson.
Don't get close with women in your social circle, give distance, and approach
women outside your social circle. Don't emotionally invest time, energy or they
use your time to talk, share their problems and all that. When that happens you
are but a platonic friend and never a lover type.
Lovers do not let women do that UNTIL they emotionally invest i.e. they are
girlfriend of the guy.
Those who they let girls talk like that....do so to just be friends.
I never approach wonen who are friends. I got options, I date outside and not
touch the friend cirlce type. Not interested in slightest in dating them.
Apologise? For what?
See what I mean?
Nice guys. Still trying to be nice after the woman doesn't even give a damn to call,
say hello and disappeared to ever want to speak to you.
It's been four years. Get over it. Move on and learn from it. You should have
approach lots of women by now and moved on.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Am I heading towards the friend-zone?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok fella. here's the deal. First there is no such thing as friendzone but rather, if
you demonstrate unattractive behavior, being nice, and acting like some chump,
then this dictates the ROLE in her mind how to see you.
So somethings which you might already know but still, to make sure...
1. Do not spend lots of time texting back and forth. Be busy. Give some distance.
2. Stop texting far too much nice...nice stuﬀ.
Flirt, sexualise the fuck out of texting. Learn how to do it. Let her know, you're a
lover, a sexual guy and the way she is, means she's conﬁdent and not to make big
deal of sex. Fuck her mind, get her turned on, have fun is what I'm saying. Don't
be nice nice guy playing safe and complimenting her all time.
Girl is testing your frame. She don't want you to think she's a slut. whore, too easy
but do not think she ain't wanting sex. This is her knee jerk reaction to cover her
base but hoping you is a lover type, and you'll not fail in showing so
No such thing as slut, whore whatever. You let her know that by projecting it by
your behaviour. Be a sexual guy not some friend platonic nice guy who wants to
talk small talk. If she starts acting all that about sex then say.
You - Hey, why so serious?
Girl - I'm not.
You - Look, are you having fun?
Girl - Yes
You - Then let's go with that. because I like you and sex is the most natural thing
in word, so when it happens, it happens. It shouldn't be something to be shy

about. No such thing as all these dumb labels people give. Relax and lets have
fun. Ok?
Girl - ok.
That now shows to her, she can be the woman she desires to be with you. She can
let go of her fear and social mask she wears. She can let go of the fear of losing her
reputation and status that she tries to convey.
It's fear that's all and if you do it right, you can ﬂip it so she can see it's all ok to be
the woman she desires to be with you.
You must then.....
3. LEAD! She gave you signs to lead. So enough of texting, talking too much and
lead to meet again, face to face
4. Always escalate when you see her. Touch a lot, kiss, seduce and don't be afraid
by playing safe,. You're a lover not a platonic friend or a platonic boyfriend.
5. Build some comfort i.e. get to know her, but don't go gunning asking lots of
questions like a job interview. Still be fun, exciting, adventureous. Find out about
her, what she's into, what she fears the most, what turns her on, and so forth.
PS..
Learn to take a compliment but also ﬂip it to have fun when she does.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when someone who loves you says to keep
others as an option too?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"keep your options open..."
He means HE is keeping his options open. He's looking at other options i.e.
keeping an eye on other suitors, other women for marriage.
You see what I mean about love.
Love is not just a word.
It is also behaviour.
Example...
You think, if I loved a woman and I want one to one exclusive relationship, I'm
going to telling her to keep her options open to check other guys out? You think
I'm going to tell her "regarding marriage" to check other potential suitors?
Hell no.
So he is saying that HE is keeping his options open.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if I am on a date or just hanging out, especially if
the guy pays?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the diﬀerence between hanging out with someone you like and going
on a date with someone you like?

The short version...
Hang out >>>>>> just friends going out. Nothing intimate. It's not sexual atraction.
You don't kiss. You don't hold. You don't do what one does in dating. You don't
have sexual intimacy either.
Dating >>>>> Attraction. Both interested in each other in a sexual attractive way.
They both want more than platonic friendship. There will be kissing, holding
hands, and leading in sexual intimacy. There is at later or in beginning
agrreement of being exclusive or not, some terms, agreement between each other,
boundaries.
The Longer Version
How does these two words impact your thoughts:
Police Oﬃcer
Post man
You're behaviour will be diﬀerent and the seriousness too. So it's not just words
but it is saying to someone in their mind where they stand in a sense.
The mind of the other person will see you diﬀerently, with diﬀerent intentions,
diﬀerent comittment, diﬀerent type of agreement and boundaries.
The words you use and more importantly the behaviour in the beginning dictates
how the person sees you.
In the beginning, if it's just friends, you're not going to ﬂirt in a sexual attraction
manner, and the conversation will be very diﬀerent. Your intent towards the
person you want to project will be diﬀerent.
Saying words is not enough and even saying the words, can trigger fear or
calmness. It is why I don't use the words most typical guys use...
"Dating."
For example, if you was driving in a car and a siren suddenly kicks oﬀ you're brain
will suddenly start creating assumptions. You'll feel stress, worry even when you
didn't do anything.
Using the word "dating" can trigger stress as too serious.
It's too serious early on.
So how do I do it then without using that word?
By my behavior in the beginning, which will be very diﬀerent to being a platonic
friend type. It reveals my intention when I approach.
And when meeting on ﬁrst date I do not follow the bs social norms that dictate
how to behave because it is counter-productive and stems from fear. You hear
many say, to not kiss, ask for perrmission.
I never asked for permission. Never needed to.
When I meet my date in beginning I don't need to say "date." because:
As I smile warmly, I embrace
I kiss her on forehead immediately
I stroke her hair, back, arms.
I lead my hand to her hands and we walk
She hasn' said no. That's my consent there.

If she backs away, no problem. I will back away too.
But she has now shown she's not compatible with me. It will impact my decision
to meet again or to not meet.
However, this doesn't happen when I date because I made sure in beginning to
qualify, to ensure she knows who I am, what I'm like and she needs to be honest
with herself that I am compatible with her too.
Now some girls will say, "OOoh, I won't have that happen."
You will already shown in beginning you won't have that and that means you do
not qualify to date me. You think you choose alone? Not really.
Guys choose too. Guys with conﬁdence, skill, experience have vast resource. We
have options but we also ensure we don't waste time using our resources on
women we date who isn't compatible from day one. So she may say no, back away,
whatever but she will realise that this dictates how I behave later on.
I can say no to meeting on second date and move on to someone else.
I qualify, I ﬁlter, I screen in the beginning because I want fun, I don't want games,
I don't want bs. I don't want a friend. I don't want "no, no kissing." I don't want
this 3 day rule and all that comes from one who is sexually insecure and not
compatible with me.
It's honest, authentic, direct and it's great for the women too. They know where to
stand from day one. Honesty I feel is not just by words but by our own actions and
unfortunately, most fear to act in honest manner because they fear losing the guy
or the girl.
I want to lose the woman if she isn't compatible.
Now if guys say, "oh but...what if she gets oﬀended, don't like me anymore."
I don't think that. I don't think in fear of loss. I see it as I found out early on she
isn't someone to invest my time, emotions and eﬀort due to her own insecurities
or due to the fact she isn't really compatible to me.
Far too many guys and girls use "hangout" when they into someone and then
wonder later on was it a date or not. Far too many do things out of fear of loss.
They are not true to what they desire and want.
They are scared to make their intent clear to girl and girl making it clear to the
guy. So if you don't want to waste time and have these bs games kicking oﬀ then
sort it all in the beginning. If you don't want bs games "oh no kisses" and "just
hold hands" and "I don't know if I'm into you" sort it out in beginning. You
shouldn't even give time go girls who are not compatible with you.
Because much of the questions on Quora on the girl hasn't made her move, when
to kiss, when to touch, the guy hasn't made a move, signals and all that is due to
people scared to communicate.
Half of the questions could be resolved by two people commnicating with each
other instead of asking "what does it mean?"
If a guy wants to date a girl, then he needs to stop playing safe. To never use the
word "hangout." Behave as a lover not friend from day one without fear if
rejection or loss.
And girls also need to make a guy clarify if this is just hanging out as friends or
the guy is attracted to her. That she is his girlfriend and she won't need to ask if
the guy behaves a lover.
15.8k Views · View Upvoters

This girl has feelings for me but said that we are taking things
too fast and should go back to being friends ﬁrst. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't make it a big deal. It's just her with her crap in her head. You're stll kissing,
holdong hands and all that.
The girl is testing your frame. Yes they do this a lot due to the insecurities in their
head and nonsense they learn from others.
So don't start going all chump on her.
When She says things like that, you need to not let her make it a big deal. Instead
you turn it around and show conﬁdence...
Girl - We're talking things too fast
Me- Whoa! Why you so serious?
Girl - I...erm, not serious
Me - Look are you havin fun? Good time?
Girl - Yes
Me - Then lets go with that. Listen (smile) If anything happens like sex or
whatever, it's natural thing in world. If I wanted sex I can go and date any damn
gir but I'm here with you, wanting to get to know you. We haven't even dated for a
year, married, eliped had 6 children, divourced and you're talking serious (smile)
Done.
Don't let girls create drama ad push your frame over a cliﬀ.
You hold your frame rather fall for their drama.
It's just her and all that bs about sex, and how guys just wants sex nonsense, and
how when it happens you leave blah blah fucking blah.
So don't behave in a way like most guys who take whatever girls says as some big
dea and start panicking and acting all weird. Girls love that and love the drama.
It's like unconsciously they want to self sabotage to make their lies in their head
become real so they got some sad story to tell and "see, I told you. All guys say,"
BS.
If you don't make it a big deal and you're like "no big deal" then she won't make it
a big deal. You lead, you stand up, you say she's making it all serious and ﬂip it
and do it politely but if she acting all that still...ok...walk away. She wants to
believe the shit in her head, let her but for now...
Anytime girls make a big deal, turn it back and say, "why you're so serious."
It's not. It's all the stuﬀ in their head.
You don't get all romantic, serious and all that. Be fun and light hearted.
Keep meeting her.
But distance yourself too. Don't meet her every god damn day, texting back and
forth every day. Chill, pace yourself.
I've been in these situations. Don't make it a big deal. Just ﬂow with it like you
don't give a shit, it ain't no big deal but be a man and say for her to not take things
serious, it's only been a month not years, and not like you're are getting married,
eloping, having 7 children and moving in together.

Saying it in a smile chilled way relax way.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that some guys just don't get the signals that a girl is
interested in him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 22, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, very much so. I really don't like signals and I don't bother reading into them.
Although I understand why women do it but the thing is, it just goes way over my
head and I can get it wrong because I can't read a woman's mind.
I remember, several incidents where some women were upset because they
assumed I ignored them and I wasn’t interested.
They complained to friends and so I'd ﬁnd out much later from the third party of
friends who knows them. They told me they were upset.
But I didn't know. Seriously, I just didn't know they were interested. I won't be
like unpleasant to people. I won't ignore.
It just that I didn't read the signal. I was oblivious to it. Always have been. Just
doesn't work for me.
Many of my friends are same.
They just don't get all these signals, subcommunication because we're not
brought up that way. We're Mascculine, and so we're always direct and well, if a
woman isn't direct, clear, says it, then we'll just be oblivious to it.
We won’t not know.
Sure, like most guys, you fear rejection but if something don't work and you know
many guys not great at reading signals, best a woman be direct, and say she's
interested and be done with.
So yes, I don't know when girl is interested if she doesn't say it to me, face to face,
or by text, or phone, or private message.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

How can you confess to a girl that you like/love her in a poetic
way? Any examples?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hello Poets....

It's A Takes Two To Tango
One day you was walking and you see this girl. You're captivated by her.
The thing is, you're badass with writing poetry. You can write words that kick ass
and with twists most cannot fathom.
Yes, you are genius with poetry and have the ability to whip many rhymes and
you got a book written, ready to publish about love, romance in a day!
But....here's the thing.
Poetry alone does shit to attract girls.
Yes, poets who just write poetry really do suck at getting girls. They have no god
damn clue when it comes to girls.

No matter what I say, you will reply...
"By the power of Indian spices, Hollywood/Bollywood and romance movels, and
crap women/men magazines....this is LOVE! She is my SOUL MATE!"

Thing is, you haven't even approached her and said...
"Excuse me, I was just walking to the bank and I saw you. I had to come over to say
you're attractive. Who are you?"
Now bear with me because I'm in England.
So you put your own twist if you're living in a cultural world with a lot more
barriars regarding dating. Nevertheless, the facts is....you didn't approach her to
ﬁrst ﬁnd out who she is for real.
Instead you spent your time creating a fantasy story in your mind. Castles in the
sky and each day new bricks are built that really mean nothing to her.
Until you have a Bollywood ﬁctional narration in your head like this...

You think because you feel something that it is enough for both of you. That it is
enough for her to also feel the same way.
That she must feel this.
She has to realise how real it is.
That she is your soul mate.

The story gets bigger and bigger as you masturbate on the idea of what is
happening but it's all in your head.
It becomes such a fantastic story that you even create special eﬀects in your head
of diﬀerent scenes.
Like you and her dancing in the rain as the groove kicks in while she moves her
curves to the beat. You imagine her soft cheeks touching yours....

More days and weeks go by and you still haven't talked to her.
You still haven't checked out if she's into you. You haven't ﬁgured out if she's
really someone you'd even want to bother with.
No, you are so deeply infatuated like most chumps and begin to imagine the
massive picture of you walking together, round in circles, getting married.
The conﬀetti thrown in the air....

The desire gets stronger and of course it would because thought triggers desire.
Thought is fed with more thoughts and the HOPE that she will one day say those
magic words...
"Oh my love, I feel the same way."
Your brain is working overtime in creating a perception that being in love to a girl
is enough for both of you.....

You see, the ﬁrst step is attraction.
You cannot be serious in the beginning because it creates awkwardiness. It make
her feel very uncomfortable because she doesn't know you in that way.
If you confess love and all that...it will creep her out.
What can she say to a big word like...LOVE?
Holy shit man! Get it together.
She can't even take all the insecurities about her own damn body, her face, he
legs, and if she has a big nose, small nose, if her make up is right, if he tits are too
small or too big, if her ass too small or fat and...you are talking about love to her
so early?!?!
You don't even know her and you're telling her you lover her, she is the sun and
the moon. That she completes your alphabet and you is her A and she is the Z ;)
What you feel will never be enough for both of you. She must feel it too and if she
doesn't, then nothing is going to happen.
But it starts with making sure you approach in a fun, light hearted manner and
just a tiny touch of seriousness later on but no confessing love.
The reason is this.....
Girls/women fear being judged, ostracised by society, by other women, other
girls, relatives, friends as sluts, whores, too easy....

Do you know why they love watching those romantic bs movies?
Do you know...why 50 shades of grey sold millions and became a best seller even
topping Harry Potter and other books?
Yes, even when most women say..
"All men think of is sex...sex...sex. They see me attractive and want my body not my
personality. Men older than me approach me, everyday blah blah blah.."
Then when they get older they fucking wish ONE guy, just ONE looks at them as
their biological clocks start ticking faster than a leapard chasing a Ghazil.
Let's see shall we because what women say and what they do the opposite.
If you think them giving signals that confuse you is bad then wait when till you
read this and you'll think "WTF!?! It's like a mine ﬁeld with women!"
They love reading romance novels and watching these moves because....
They can experience their fantasy and be that women they so desire to be without
being pointed at, laughed at, humilated and judged with the labels we have in
this harsh world we live in.
They can feel the excitement, their body quivering, the body arching, their pussy
juice ﬂowing, their ass cheeks tightening and tha tingly feeling and "OMG! I am
so turned on right now!" is what they say to themselves or out loud.
And no one...will ever know.

But if you ﬂirt in a sexual way, most will up their nose and act like it is so new to
them. That they just disgusted by these sex words like....pussy....tits and ass and
the rest of the vocabulary

Like sex is stranger. That talking about it openly is something weird.
Like they don't masturbate in the shower or on the pillow.
Yes, they go out without sex for a year and tell you..
"I have so many guys approaching me but I am so oﬀstandish when they do. They
all want same thing. If they talk about sex I don't want to know. If they polite then
maybe blah blah blah.."
Then she's masturbating on her bed with the pillow ;)

Honestly. People think each other are stupid. We ALL know that's going on. It
ain't fucking great saying that shit.
We all trying to be this perfect person. All trying to even write on Quora with this
high self respect and indulgence for attention by telling people..
"Yes, I am attractive but...I just can't get a date but....you know...I don't care,
because I focus on my career."
And million of books are being sold.
Women magazines in then millions are being bought.
Lingeria and sex toys on the rise.

In fact, I walked into a sex shop other day and the woman and her man at the
counter said..
"It has been an amazing month. We made more proﬁt this year than ever before.
90% of the buyers are.."
I replied, "Men?"
The women grinned, "No, it were women!"
You get the idea now.
Women, girls read such books about sex, adventures with a mysterious man, rich,
young man, fucking some young girl because no one will ever know.
When they read these books and watch movies behind the doors, behind the
walls, behind the curtain....no one knows. Their friends don't know. Their
mummy, daddy and grandma don't know. Their social network of women don't
know.

They can fantasize themselves being fucked, eated, tied, whatever....without
being ostracised by other women, guys and society as a whole because....no one
will ever know.
Yes, such nice, innocent women and girls. Awwwwww.
They can experience and go on that secret location, meet that guy, let him touch
them, kiss them and have sex on the ﬁrst damn day and.........experience it all in
their head because...no one will ever know.
It is safer.
That's why stories are so damn good. They can experience every kind of
adventure, feeling, thrill, emotions, danger and sexual fantasies without anyone
knowing.

No woman will ever tell you they wanted to fucked so hard in XYZ way. Except
that is, the one who doesn't give a damn anymore, had enough of society and she
wants to be free from all that crap.

People can experience being heroes and have guns blazing, planes diving, ﬁres
dancning, beasts running, vampires biting......and experience all the the stuﬀ the
hero and villian goes through without ever having to leave their room.
It still gives them the......feeling and no one will ever know.
Remember these words..
No one...will...ever know.
It's THEIR secret and they will never reveal their deepest fantasies until they are
very comfortable with the right guy.
It all about how to fuck their mind and no one will know.
Think for a moment...
When you understand this and more, you know one thing....
When you approach in a manner of confessing love, devotion in the beginning...
it does not trigger positive images.
It triggers images of fear.
It also makes you unattractive because you're not speaking in her emotional
language. You don't know the history behind her own insecurities past down by
generation to generation that's inﬂitrated into her mind.
You're being irrational, needy and desperate. You're putting her on a pedestal and
she knows it too.
But let's say you haven't read this answer and you you write a poem and give
it to her....

In her mind she thinks..
"If I accept such a thing from someone I don't even know. I will be seen too easy."
"How can he even say he loves me when he has not taken the time to know me?"
"We have not dated, overcome barriars to be at this stage so early."
"He's going to judge me later, label me and everyone will know."
"What........will........other people....think of me?"
Worse...
In her mind she really wants a guy who she read in those books. The guy who is
exciting, mysterious, adventureous, with a touch of badboy. Not some chump
reciting poetry of his dying love....

A guy who doesn't put everything on a plate for her. She has to show interest ﬁrst
before he emotionally invests.
A guy who has the balls to walk away if she plays hard to get and if she doesn't
give a clear cut answer.
A guy who makes her...FEEL alive not awkward.

She can get a guy who can write poems from a dozen guys sitting around College
campus who are dying to be her friend.
When you give her the poem or gift to impress..
She wonders what did she do for you to give her this? Why are you trying to
impress a girl you don't even know? Do you do that to ALL the girls?
You must be a player
Because she cannot say yes. You might judge her for being too easy. You might
tell your friends how she fell for your poem so easily. Her friends might know how
she said yes over a poem and ostracise her.
And so she rejects...

She won't say no but she will say...
I am not ready for a relationship."
"I'm far too busy focusing on my studies/career."
"Thanks, I'm ﬂatter but I don't see you that way. Let's be friends."
Most girls/women just don't like saying no.
They'll act standoﬃsh. They'll say all sorts but they won't say no because they
don't want to feel awkward. They don't want conﬂict.
They've tried saying no before and the same guys kept on asking her out and even
orbit around her for days, weeks and some even years.
So this is only way to try and push you away.
And here's the danger.
If you persist than you will end up like most chumps who lose their self respect
and then this happens...

I use this lingo "friendzone" because it's known and we see the behavior. No one
friendzones anyone but what happens is the behavior of the person does that to
them. You can easily walk away.
Back to the journey.....
It gets worse. You still chase, pretend to be her friend, orbit around her in the
hope that one day she will feel the same way.
You become a chair...

Yes, you think you would move on right. You'd thought you'd never stoop this low
and be that desperate.
But because you created such a strong image in your head about this fantastic
lover story that don't exist.....the emotions are so strong, you're attached
emotionally in a big way....you don't walk away and let her fall on her ass.
Instead you become a cattle carrying her bag...

You never thought you'd ever do that for anyone, never mind some girl who don't
give a shit about you. A girl who you confessed your feelings for, your dying love,

that she is the sun and you are then moon.
But no. You'd do anything to impress her....

Everyday, you're chasing, doing all the kinds of things, being her tampon when
she feels down. You text back and forth like you haven't a life.
You do errands for her.
You buy gifts for her.
You hang around her like a lost puppy.
You even ﬁnd yourself becoming her shoe ﬁtter...

You have hit rock bottom.
This isn't love.
This is infatuation.
But no matter what, you still don't get the message until one day you arrive at her
place. She tells you to wait at her room as she's just saying hi to someone who is
coming in 10 minutes.
As you do, you see your poem on the ﬂoor...

"Why did she do this?" you wonder.
Suddenly she enters the room and she's really happy. You know that feeling and
your starts to pump faster.
'Has she realised that I am the one? Has it really happened?'
She tells you there's someone you need to meet. She's jumping with joy and as the
door opens she says....

And adds, "we're getting married in a month."
Your heart sinks and you've realised you've wasterd 3 years chasing her. The
Castle in the sky starts to crumble.
Brick by brick they come tumbling down but it's a very slow process.
Suddenly, something happens.
You wake up!
It was all a dream!
You was asleep and it's Saturday.
Imagine that!
You never did go through all that crap and you know what you got to do. You look
at the Valentine Card and the poem and trash them in the dustin.
You're not going to do what most chumps do.
Instead you're going to..
1. Approach her when you see her.

2. Tell her, "Excuse me. I know this is a bit forward but.....I was walking to the bank
(or wherever you was going) and I saw you. I had to walk over to say you're
attractive (pause and smile). But good looks are so common these days and I just
wanted to ﬁnd out who you are. Hi, my name is (your name).
3. Then be fun, light hearted, do not confess love, devotion. See what she's like.
See if she's polite. See if she is sociable. Observe if she's a girl you really like to
date? Just be fun, ﬂirt, converse for a while.
4. If you ﬁnd she's not that great and rude, say goodbye and walk away. If she is
nice, polite and she seems interested. Then ask her out for a drink of coﬀee or a
walk, whatever. Paint a picture of what could happen.
If she says no, ﬁne. Walk away. No more investing. You have lost nothing and you
didn't spill your guts. She isn't going to tell world about how you went and told
her all those weird stuﬀ.
5. BUT...if she says yes, then exchange numbers and say..
"I hope you are as fun in texting and phone as you are in person."
That tells her fun, teasing, ﬂirting, is coming her way when you text and when
you both talk on phone.
6. Then talk a little more to ﬁnd out more about her then say your goodbye.
There you go.
You showed your true intent. You showed you got conﬁdence, the balls and you're
not intimdated or immature.
You didn't confess love but you are wise enough to know, that such things need to
wait. By waiting until you get to date many a times, become intimate....she will
respect your words even more when you do tell her 6 months or a year later.
She will think..
"He must mean it because he told me after he got to know me, after we got to know
each other, dated each other for 6 months - a year and overcome some challenges. So
I believe him. He isn't saying it to impress me but because he's sincere, genuine. He
means it."
You've show emotional control.
You've shown maturity.
You've shown you're diﬀerent to all the typical guys and chumps who speak of
love so easily because they are infatuated.
So don't emotionally invest in time, thinking but immediately approach and be
sensible. Be light hearted, fun and if she says no, well.....you didn't invest so
much that it hurts.
It will still hurt but the diﬀerence is....you have self respect.
A man controls his emotions and doesn't speak words of love and feelings so
easily with a girl who has yet to earn that kind of devotion.
Now you can relax with some poetry and illusrations
Dating And Relationships Lyrics By Adam
Enjoy ;)
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do guys think of bright lipstick on a date?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like bright red lipstick. I also like plum, pinkish too. What I don't like is the black
lipstick, dark stuﬀ kind of thing.
I ﬁnd red tells me she's not a follower, doesn't follow what friends think, what
society thinks and she's sexually secure and not insecure. That she'll be fun to be
with, can tease, ﬂirt without her getting all butt hurt about it.
So for me, bright red is a winner.
I don't get put oﬀ by conﬁdence. To me the lipstick says, "I'm a woman. Sexual
feminine conﬁdent woman. Fun to be with and a great socialiser. We'll have lots
to talk about and adventure. I'm daring, courageous and bold."
But that's how I see it as a guy and all guys will be diﬀerent.
789 Views · View Upvoters

What does my exgf mean by being exclusive friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, she doesn't want you to date any other girl.....have relatonship with any
other girl.....have sex with any other girl and to worship her pussy which you will
never have.
She feels she can say this to you becaue she thinks you're a chump, desperate,
needy, a nice guy who will say, "Yes master. I will do as you will in the hope you
will one day like me again, and we get back together again and fuck all night..."
So here's some advise and I hope you know by now the way I write.
You are creating the zone. You are not her.
You are creating that friendzone in your mind due to your desperate ways,
hanging on hope, orbiting around her, hoping she will like you the way you want
her to and open her legs for you.
So now, you want the real deal how to get out of the friend zone?
Admit to yourself it does not exist.
And you are there with her because you're being needy, desperate and attached to
her emotionally. Then ﬁnd your balls, they between your legs and leave her.
Leave her and approach other girls./
That is how the zone dissapears from your life and mind that you created.
Don't believe that crap that some girl or woman has any power of friendzoning
anyone. Same with guys. The guys who believe they got that power to friendzone
girls don't have that power. It's all nothing but a game.
You tricked yourself and she saw you coming.
Friendzone my ass.
It doesn't exist.
You're there with her because you allowed yourself to be treated this way due to
your unattractive behaviour. You go to her. You chase her. You orbit around her
when she is not attracted to you. It's over. This relationship is done and you still
don't see it and haven't moved on.
She has no power or control of creating some zone.

You leave and walla! The grip is gone.
Do yourself a favour.
Walk away from her. Find yourself respect because she will use you as a Tampon,
and waste your god damn time and become her...bitch.
You want to be her bitch? Then keep contact with your ex and hover around her
like there isn't better out there.
Or you ﬁnd your balls and yourself respect and move on.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Emmanuel Riley

How can I kiss a girl and make her want more? And kisses that
they would never forget?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not the kiss that makes her want more. It's the feeling she feels with you that
gets her wanting more. Far too many guys think that it's all about the physical
ﬁrst but it's not. It's about how you make her feel in her mind ﬁrst, the
experiences she has with you that makes her feel alive.
The whole body follows.
That's what makes her want to be close, wanting the touch, the kiss and though I
don't ask for some permission, when I touch, kiss, she wants more herself.
So you need to forget about what you want i.e. the kiss and think more on the
line, about how to make her feel great, alive, desiring you.
That happens when a guy knows who he is dating and knows what turns her on,
what makes her heart beat faster, what gets her longing for him and what makes
her want him so bad, that she can't help but pull him towards herself and kiss.
It's when a guy doesn't play safe, leads and makes her quiver with excitement on
how he is not a chump but a man she can be a woman with. A man she can open
herself up and be open with him.
Far too many guys play it so safe in beginning that it dictates everything later on
and the attraction quickly fades. There is no adventure, excitement, but the same
medicore behavior she has seen from guys she's dated before.
Boring and predictable.
Make her feel alive from the start and onwards. It takes a guy to not play safe and
to not fear losing the girl.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dwigth Carias

Should I go on a date with someone who watches reruns of the
Golden Girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Looks like it bothers you. I sometimes use to not understand why girls ask other
people about what they think and do when dating some guy.
It's was weird as hell when I used to see this with many girls who most guys date
but as I learnt a lot, psychology and all, well, kind of makes sense.
Must be because you think he's gay or something. That's what's worrying it and
you're trying to see if other people see that too.
But you never know. Just see the guy face to face and see. You never know.

But if it bothers you a lot then just be honest with him and move on. Just say
you're not into him and leave it as that.
Don't feel bad about it.
Attraction is a weird thing so just be honest and hey, then move on.
Nothing else to do it.
All the best.
492 Views · View Upvoters

I'm a female in my twenties, I'm told I look 24. Why do older
men (above 50) hit on me (not my friends), but almost no men
my age do? Details below.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Feb 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most Men at your age:
1. Most of them have no balls to approach
2. They fear rejection
3. They are insecure about a lot of things, and one is their looks.
4. They have low conﬁdence when it comes to women
5. They haven't lived as much
6. They are less daring
7. They are looking at girls....younger than you ;)
Most Men older
1. They got balls and experience
2. They don't give a damn now about rejection as much
3. They don't give a damn about social taboos either
4. They will have conﬁdence
5. They've lived
6. They are more daring.
7. They are looking and dating younger women
When I was younger, I wasn't as bold as I am today and I wasn't as knowledgeable
too. The knowledge I know today, experience, travelling the world, seeing what I
have seen. lived the life I lived gives me the balls to approach any woman I feel ﬁt
and society can't say a damn thing.
I'm not afraid or insecure as I was as a young man in 20s. I am very diﬀerent to
man I was and I will never want it any other way. I don't see I got disadvantage
but the advantage and my success in life with what I do and women speaks for
itself.
I am now dating women in 20s, and other ages above. I'm very successful in my
life and what I do with my life. So that helps too.
This isn't new.
Let's see some examples but not far back to some in modern times..
Bill Crosby 54 married Kathryn Grant when she was 24.

Humphrey Bogart was 45 and he married Lauren Bacal when she was 20.
They stayed married until his death and she married later again to Jason Robard
Jr.

Priscilla Elvis when she was 14 years old.
They began to meet together regularly and dated for 6 months until he had to
return to states. Probably due to the war. 7 Years later....they got married.

Rod Stewart 52. Rachel Hunter. She was 19 when she married him.

Eric Clapton at 55 married Melia McEnery. She was 24.

Christopher Knight at 47 years of age married Adrianne Curry when she was
24.

And there's many more which I won't go into.
Now if you want to attract youger men, in twenties then sort out your logistics. Go
where they are and not bars as much.
Maybe go to some trendy young cafe or some trendy bar. Ask your friends who go
out often where there be places to go. Just know, they be probably looking at
younger women than your age ;)
So I think your logistics needs some work. Go where the guys who are in the age
range you desire are with undersanding, you can't change evolution, dna and
what has been going for centuries.
All the best.
18.9k Views · View Upvoters

Would you be turned oﬀ if you had to wait 2-3 months until you
can sleep with a woman you really like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is she serious ill? No problem.
Is it long distance, like in anoher ountry? No problem.
Is it religion? No problem because we won't be dating. I have diﬀerent value belief
system.
Anythng else is a manipulation game worhshpping pussy and the answer then for
me will be no. Most guys don't get it and say, "Oh no problem 2 months, ﬁve
month, a year, sex is holy, sacrad."
Bs. You have no choice.
She dictated it and you let her dictate from very beginning, from when to kiss,
when to touch, when to hold hands and then it leads to when to have sex. It is
manipulation and some stupid rule.
Like the 3 day rule.
So no, of course not.

I have never had this problem with any women I've dated.
I met a girl, and we had sex next day. We have been with each other for 15 years. I
am in multiple relationships. Same with all relationships I've been in and they
span years.
Never had this problem because I don't let who I am dating make an issue. If she
does, it's over right there and then. I don't like games. Even if I really like the
woman, really lkike her.....I am will say no.
I have said no before to women. Even when I'm very attracted to them because I
hate games. Just hate that bs. It kills attraction and intimacy when you know this
game is being played.
Fortunately, I don't go through what most guys through but I learnt how to not be
in that position in the ﬁrst place from day one.
And anyone can call me whatever. I dont' give a shit.
That's my personal view. No, is my answer, even if I really liked her.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I like thinks I am obsessed with her, and thus ignores
me all the time. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Awesome. Take the attention away from her and be obsessed with something
else.
Like, totally ignore and be opposite, I don't mean be nasty but I mean, don't hang
out with her, don't sit with her, don't spend time, not texting or messaging her.
Then get obsessed about something else.
How about investing more time approaching tons of girls and get obessessed
about getting good with that. Beats being obsessed about any one girl.
Get obsessed with socialising with lots of people and make tons of friends.
And obsessed about a passion that helps build your career but at same time, still
approach tons of girls. Don't wait until your 28 like some guys do and think girls
will approach them. It's not going to happen.
So get obsessed but not with this girl or any girl but on skills.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why is there a lack of care/response when I've ended things
with my boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's how it is for some guys. I'm like that too. If for example one of the women I
am dating said she wanted to break up, I just say..
"Ok."
Done. Nothing else and I just move on. Nothing really to say and nothing to talk
about or apologise for.
And I move on because I don't want to talk to her, back and forth, communicating
and even being friends. What for? Not my kind of thing.
So that must be the same thing with your ex-boyfriend.

He doesn't want to go back and forth, have you still in his life, having to handle
conversations with you and invest anymore time.
One girl I dated broke up with me because she wanted to see my reaction.
Unfortunatley, two days later I was dating someone else. I move fast, I approach
lots of girls, I stay well away from insecure attractive girls who insecure about
their sexuality and want too much attention and do nothing....and I get a date
fast.
She thought I'd be crying and bitching.
Wrong. I moved on and when I move on, I move on 100%, no more contact, talk
and looking back.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters

How important is ﬂirting as a dating skill?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It helps a great deal when I'm approaching women as it removes awkwardiness a
lot. We have fun as well but you need to know how. Much of the ﬂirting I see
others do, isn't much ﬂirting though they think they are.
While some use ﬂriting to impress, I use it for other means, as to remove
awkwardiness, show conﬁdence and qualify too. I explain below later.
You need to do it in right doses because you do need to communicate your
interest and not just ﬂirt for an hour. To be used for a bit and then move towards
some down to earth conversation and commnicating your intent to the person.
I found my dating success increased a lot but I'm naturally a funny guy, fun to be
with but very conﬁdent, very direc when approaching women; and also in life in
general.
Though if you haven't got the skill down, it doesn't mean you won't succeed in
dating girls and it doesn't deﬁne you as anything either.
Just because you don't ﬂirt doesn't mean anything.
But it will from my personal experience slow you down a lot. You'll ﬁnd you're
always in this awkward moment with women you date.
I also use ﬂirting, teasing as a way to help me push women who are serious. I
sexualise too and that is to push any woman who is insecure about sex, and
sexuality, as I don't like attractive women who are insecure aboiut sex, can't talk
it openly and have a lot of stuﬀ going round in their head.
So it helps me a lot when I combine other things with ﬂirting to push certain
women away that I really don't want - because on ﬁrst date they be awkward,
they'd be too serious and we can't have fun the way I want.
I use ﬂirting not just for dating.
I use it to have fun with women and they know I'm messing around. I get invited
to a lot of parties because they know we'll have fun, and when I'm at parties, I'd
have a lot of girls, women around me because I'm having fun ﬂirting, bantering
and women are ﬂriting and bantering back, so you can hear a roar of laughter in
the corner of the party which...attracts most of people to be drawn to us.
They want to get the action and fun.
So it's a skill that can be very useful but without it, doesn't mean you won't get
success but it just be a bit harder.

It's a skill you can learn if you desire so.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are the beneﬁts of the "no contact rule"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I had to do a few of these. The beneﬁts when broke up with ex-girlfriends are as
follows..
1. Reduces Negativity

When breakup happens there's a lot of negativity. It is logical to assume to try and
talk, convince and all that. However, I found that distance and not
communicating anymore can lessen the negativity. It gives room for the person to
think of the good about you than all the bad.
However, I don't approach with mindset to go back with ex-girlfriends but ﬁnd
that distance, helps me to clear my mind, and to start again. I don't focus on
getting her back but I rather move on. I gave all I got when we're together and
now it's time to move on. So no contact isn't done like a game or spiteful.
It's much bigger than getting the ex back.
2. Lessens emotional investment
I block number, delete, block social media and whole lot. That allows me to move
on and not have all that bs, of "sorry, I want you back blah blah." Not interested.
When it's done it is done. It helps me clear my head and become emotionally
strong very fast and focus on investing in my life not two lives.
3. Eliminates Manipulation.
In these times, ex's can be manipulative and so the no contact rule doesn't make
room for that. No more talking long hours, being pals, and all that.
Also anyone of us can be manipulative due to emotions and you can start being
needy, desperate but this eliminates the chance of it.
You know your mind is going crazy and emotions too and no contact helps you to
give space, time and be away from saying anything that might damage if you
want to come together.
Not that I ever go back to ex's.
4. Focus On Yourself
It allows me to focus on myself, on my own mindset, emotions and life. I have
found after 6 months or a year, ex girlfriend would see a diﬀerence. Of course, I
hit the gym, I'm having fun, I'm happy, I'm dating women and well, they see some
major changes. They see...I CAN move on.
That the ex is not the centre of attention and I am not pining over the ex.
So when they see the change they want to start again, but like I said previously I'm never interested to go back with ex's.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get guys to like me? I try my hardest but I'm too shy
and have to wait until guys talk to me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"If it's meant to be then it will happen" right?

"If destiny has written it for you, it will happen," right?
"If the guy likes you he will walk over," right?
You have a very long wait if you follow such advise because if you cannot do
certain things then you're being awkward. You're making yourself
unapproachable and guys already face tough challenges like...rejection.
You have two choices and this is how it is in the real world not disney.,.
1. You see a guy, make eye contact, you smile and say hi
2. You don't and stay as you are.
It's your choice.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn't believe me when I say she's pretty. Why
not?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Haven't you noticed that lots of girls and women are insecure in a big way about
their own bodies, their look and come out with bs like..
"Oh guys who approach me just do it because of my looks."
Lack of understanding how attraction works, like we can read their bloody
personalities and minds from yard way for us to approach because of personality.
That's how it is for very attractove girls with nonsense "I will however wait until
the man sees me for who I am" bs.
So when you know the deal, when you understand how it is with most
girls/women, the insecurities most have....you will suddenly realise to not say..
"Oh she's pretty" and "she looks hot" in front of your girlfriend about other girls.
Wise up to this now, or you'll struggle later with women in the future.
Don't compliment girls or talk about how pretty they are in front of her. If you
want to her to value your compliments then don't do that.
Instead, complimet her whenever you see pretty girls in front of her face. You
make her feel good when there's girls around.
Listen more. You know this gets her rattled up and you still trying to rationalise.
It hurts her. She isn't going to believe if you do this.
Don't say things like that about other girls in front of her.
Don't throw it on her face.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I handle the fact that my girlfriend tells me to accept
that she smokes sometimes, even though my grandfather died
of smoking?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Your girlfriend says..
"I have to accept her like she is and that she feels she isn't enough for me"
She's 100% right.

You haven't the right to tell someone else what they can or cannot do in such
things. She's already told you to accept her the way she is and she's right, that she
feels she isn't enough for you.
Since you can't see that and if you cannot live with that then best you move on.
Best you break up and walk away becaue she shouldn't be making these changes
because you want her to for whatever reasons.
That's your life, that's your boundaries not hers.
You're rationalising and making far too many logical reasons and this isn't about
that. This is about someone who smokes and probably smoked before you even
dated her. And if she started smoking after she met you, she's still 10o% right.
Now if this is a deal breaker for you and you cannot accept her for who she is,
then best you end it and move on. Date a girl who doesn't smoke.
If you continue this with her, she'll resent you and will break up with you.
If you love her, then accept her as she is.
Because she will break up with you if you keep going on like this. A person can
take so much and then they just had enough and they'll move on.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do insecure and immature girlfriends deserve to be left,
cheated on, or alone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not about how someone deserves to be treated like shit because they
immature and make it an excuse to cheat. Any guy who rationalises his behavior
in cheating is looking for some excuse to do so.
The key is simply this.
If a guy is unhappy with the relationship and has the balls to communicate with
who he is dating.....and if the girl still acts in a way he doesn't like then he can
decide to break up.
He decides what he really wants in a relationship and if what he wants ain't
happening then be a man about it and sort it amicably.
There is no need to cheat and be spitful in wishing a girl to be alone. That's now
his own insecurities and bitterness.
Just break up amicably and move on.
But make a clear decision in doing so, instead of back of forth like the way I see so
many Quora questions on "oh I broke up with my boyfriend/girlfriend and now I
miss him/her, talk to friends all time about it and want him/her back."
Communicate....evaluate...make a solid decision and move forward.
985 Views · View Upvoters

Does he still like me after I "rejected" him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He will be butt hurt but he made a mistake getting friends to ask you out.
If had experience and balls, he will have approached you himself, remove
awkwardiness by just ﬂirting with you, converse to remove the awkwardiness.
Letting you see he does like you.

But if he gets guys to tell you or girls to tell you - your natural instinct is to
pretend you don't like the guy because you will fear what others think. You will
fear what labels other girls and guys use on you.
Lots of social conditioning, and wearing the social mask to be accepted, validated
by other people's opinions. Worried what others might think and added factor
that you haven't dated before so that increases the fear.
However, an experienced guy will know this and approach himself and even
isolate you somewhere, away from many people and then converse. He will ask
you out and you'll feel a lot better at that stage to say yes.
Now, since you want to date this guy, isolate him.
Approach, smile and say..
"Can I talk to you for a moment?"
Take him somewhere away from friends.
Show him how it's done and talk with him. Converse, ﬂirt, be fun and then tell
him that if he asked you out not his friends, you would have said yes.
Now, "Let's start again. We can go for a walk this week?"
See what he says. He probably say yes.
Or if he's still butt hurt, reject you himself.
Who knows but try at least.
11.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to pick up a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are diﬀerent ways to pick up a girl.
1. The Star Technique
You need to hit the gym and do lots of squats because you need strong lean legs to
do this as well as arms (bicep curls). Yes get those dumbells sorted ;)

2. I Am Sparta!
You need to run at her and without giving a damn what anyone else thinks and
pick her up. As you do, shout...I AM SPARTA!

3. The Elevator Technique
Just reach for her armpits as you brush her tits like you didn't know they were
there. Look into her eyes and pick her up. Her both legs will be up like so...

4. The Hand On Back Technique
This may seem similar as previous one but it's diﬀerent in that you move your
arms on her back. Done right, you're legs will be slightly straight and must be
done in the rain and near a river for romantic touch

5. The Ass Technique
While your hands stroking her back, pretend your hands slip down her ass. Grab
her delicious soft amazing ass to make her squeal in a cute way. Then pick her up

from her ass. Her face will be looking down with both legs up as she curls one of
them like a sexy kitten. Meeeow. Purrrr.

6. Socialise, Approach and Make Clear Intent
Approach lots of girls and ﬂirt, tease, converse and go through lots of rejections
until you get good at. Don't be serious. Keep it light hearted, fun, tease, ﬂirt.

Don't act like some chump being a romantic. Be fun so she can relax and be a
woman with you. No serious stuﬀ and confessing love nonsense.
Make your intent very clear. Don't talk like you're a friend or trying to be one
either. Instead make your intent clear when you see a girl you like after you
socialise a lot with lots of girls.
"Excuse me, I was talking to some friends (or walkng to bank, shop, whatever) and
I saw you. Had to come over and say you're cute. Who are you?"
Be conﬁdent. Don't put girls on a pedestal. Make them feel you got your feet on
solid ground. Be fun but not some clown.
You have shown true intent. You're attracted to her and you complimented just a
bit but no more. Keep it low key compliment.
Behave as a lover not some platonic friend guy. Don't play safe.
7. Don't ﬂirt too much. Time for real talk
After ﬂirting, teasing, conversing. Ask something about her. Don't ask too much
questions. Just check who she is and her interest as you can use this for later for
conversation on phone and when you meet again.

Listen carefully and then take what she said, and tell a story that gives an insight
about you, you're values, but still keep it a little fun. Not too much but as an
example
Girl - I like music. That's what I'm doing right now.
You - I had a feeling you're creative. I see you got a violin case ;) so this must be
really important to you, but why? (I used statement then lead to a question)
Girl - (she tells you her story why.) what about you?
You - When I was a kid, I always wanted a guitar. I hoped my parents buy me a
guitar but they didn't. So I promised myself that one day I'm going to get one. When
I got to college, I saved up enough money to get the guitar I love. Now, when see a
young kid staring at a guitar shop on xmas, it reminds me of me the kids I was.
So you have fun, ﬂirt, tease but you need to share tiny touch of who you are and
get her to emotionally invest in sharing about herself.
Now you can paint a picture of what can happen with you...
8. Ask For The Number
After ﬂirting, teasing, conversing, paint a picture what might happen with you
and her before you ask for her number.

If logistics are not great like time, place then get her number but if you
can...bridge to paint a picture what can happen with you.
Tell her what's going to happen.

"It was great talking to you and would love to continue conversation over coﬀee."
Or "....there's a college student party in a couple of days. It be great we meet for a
drink and chill..."
Then listen to her response. All good?
Exchange numbers. Give your mobile phone, hand it to her with conﬁdence and
exchange numbers with each other.
Then add a hook of how fun it be with you with texting too..
"I'll text you later but...are you as funny over text as you are now?"
This tells her to be ready for text bantering, ﬂirting, fun and not the boring, hey,
what's up, blah blah.
9. Follow Up Texting
One of the mistakes most guy do is text too much back and forth without a goal in
mind. Know what your goal is which is to lead to a date but ﬁrst you got to build
on the attraction

You've already framed it in beginning that teasing, bantering is going to come. So
none of this boring nonsense on how you doing, blah blah, what's up, hey. You
got to build on the attraction so she wants to meet you.
Use information she shared with you.
I met a nurse and here how it went with texting..(not using her real name)
Me texting - Paiging Sarah. Come in Sarah. This is an Emergency. Zombies have
invaded the hospital. Ready to save the world?"
Sarah - Hahaha. I will kick their ass. What's your plan?
Me - Dazzle them with your nurse dress and Kungfu moves (she does martial
artst). I will manuvre with skittles on ﬂoor to as you do ﬂying kicks
Saraha - LOL that's a great plan. Do I need to bring a gun
Me - You already have two on you. Look down.
Sarah - OMG! You're trouble.
Me - That's why we'll have fun or you want a boring chump ;)
Sarah - I want you cheeky and fun
Me - Alive or dead?
Sarah - ALIVE! Please stay alive
Me - ;) I'll try. Too many Zombies though
Sarah - We'll show them, together;)
I leave it now. I won't ask her out yet. Don't be quick. Build on attraction more...
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Next text, 2 days later..
Me - Hey Sarah, traﬃc in london. Wish I had a helicopter
Sarah - Hey, awwww. London is killer at this time
Me - We need a party

Sarah - I like parties
Me - Listen. Texting is lame, call you 5 mins?
Sarah - Ok.
After transitioning on phone, building on attraction but also comfort, remove any
awkwards....I lead to meeting up for a drink or whatever.
10. First Meeting for Dating. Don't Play Safe
If you did right, framed it as you're a lover and didn't act like you was scared to
lose the girl or oﬀend her - have ﬁltered out girls who are not insecure about
being ﬂirty, who are not insecure about their sexuality....it impacts the ﬁrst
meeting.
When you meet you assume she is your girlfriend.

Don't play it safe. Smile, be happy, don't be awkward. You're a lover so act like one
with conﬁdence.
Kiss her on the forehead, stroke her back, stroke her arm leading to hold her
hand...and lead. You should know where you're going go and do. Lead.
The mistake always happens in the beginning.
If you play it safe, if you act like some platonic friend, if you don't learn to walk
away from girls who play hard to get....who you know will give hard time when
dating with their insecurities.....then there will be awkwardiness.
You want the date to ﬂow and be fun, so choose the girl who is going to relax and
be fun; and not the one who has some attitude about guys, life, sexuality etc.
If girl back chatting about how guys just wants sex and how she will wait for
someone who wants her personality ﬁrst, and "anyway I am focusing on my
career" then she can absolitely 100% fuck oﬀ.
Just smile, be nice and walk way.
She is projecting some bad relationship experiences from past onto the
conversation. Or she has alot of insecurities about sex, and all that. It's not you so
don't take it personally.
She can do what she has been doing when not dating guys.
Masturbating every fucking day in shower for sexual relief or use a pillow for all
you care. You don't care. It's a fuck no.
If you don't know most women got brainwashed, imprisoned in their mind by
being ashamed of being sexual beings and how they fantasize like crazy when
alone...the hear it FROM WOMEN..
Google Nancy Friday and book to ﬁnd is called - My Secret Garden.
She called on women to share their frustrations and many women wrote letters to
her withd etailed, explicit sexual fantasies, And how they so PISSED OFF they
cannot be the women they want to be due to fear of being judged by other
women, society, and men.
Also read her book Women On Top.
Go on amazon if you like to see all her books.
If you date girls like who play hard to get, who fell for the brainwashing of 3 day
rule, and all that - then - she will dictate in beginning and you'll be like many of
the chumps whose girlfriend or wife says..

"No sex until one year."
"Ooooh boo hooo. Ok girlfriend/wifey. Waaaaah."
Then you got the same guys that will tell you and everyone ese, that sex is sacred
and that's why he will wait. That a kiss is sacred. That touching her is sacred.
No. It's because they are rationalising how they lost his balls worshipping her
pussy and not walking away from day one when he saw the many red ﬂags.
Don't be that chump.
Move on to next girl if you see girl acting all up. No one is entitled to date a girl
but she also isn't entitled either to have your time or be a friend. She isn't entitled
and then says "oh he's not decent because he didn't wait for me and walked
away."
Bullshit. She's not entitled. If it was other way round, most women will up and
arms saying.."you're not entitled. She can walk away blah blah blah."
They don't call her not decent. They call her "nice girl."
Works both ways.
Move on fast and don't feel guilty about it.
11. Handling Rejections
It is hard because you will take it personal. It's hard because you seek validation,
approval, acceptance, to be liked and loved. You want so much for girl to say yes
and unfortunately, all the girls will not say yes.
Some will say no.
You're not there to go around convincing them.
Take a no and move on.
Don't invest time, emotions on girls who cannot be decisive, who tell you their
busy, not ready for relationship.
Don't paint some story in your head over a girl when you haven't approached.
Rejection will hit you hard and you'll be like some sorry ass guy who wants a girl
who doesn't want him.
With questions like "OOoh I confessed my feelings but she said no, what do I do?"
Move on.
Don't invest too much overthinking about a girl. Approach immediately and if it's
a no then move on.
Have self respect and move on to approach someone else or you waste months
and years of your life patting some girls ego, who doesn't feel the same way as you
do.
There is no BEST way to attract a girl.
There is only taking knowledge, apply, see what works for you and make it your
own.
That is really the secret and the 8th wonder of the world for anything really you
desire and want in your life. Especially girls ;)
27.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does a girl mean when she says: "you're the ﬁrst person
I've ever blocked in my entire life, you made me so emotional"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn't mean anything positive man. It doesn't mean she is more intereste din
you than others. It doesn't mean she hs more attention on you than others.
It means you made her feel shit or creeping her out.
Best you back away and tone down whatever it is you're doing. Leave her alone
and even she unblocks...leave her alone.
Don't give her attention after this.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Steph Huynh

If someone asks, "How much do you love me?", what can you
say that will leave them speechless or at least satisﬁed?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl stand next to me in living room....
Girl how much do you love me?
Me - (pins her to wall, hands on hers on wall, and kisses her, long....long....kiss)
Me - (Pulls away a litle and just before she says anything......kisses her some more)
Me - (kisses her kneck, nuzzles her ears. down to her chest, stomache)
Me - (And goes down on here)
When done....
Girl - (She's still on the wall and her legs are quivering. She's smiling)
Me - (Walks away)
Girl - Adam
Me - Yes?
Girl - Can you show me again how much you love me
Me - (walks to her, picks her up into his arms and....
;)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now some will say, "OOoh you only care about women body"
The wisdom if one can see deep in this meaning is, when asked about love, don't
answer. She wants attention, she wans comfort, show not tell.
This is man to woman. That's my someone.
Show her and keep showing her. Lavish her with love, ravish her mind with
action, and romantise with action not answer. Meh, talk. forget that.
Has worked wonders for my life and for women I date.
Make her feel alive.
If she gets up and talks about he problem. Don't give her solutions.
Smile and sau, "you know, you're awesome. You go through all that and still
standing and courgeous. No wonder I'm in love with you."

Then ravish her mind, body. End with show not tell.
31.8k Views · View Upvoters

I talked to my ex face to face for the ﬁrst time since our breakup. I tried not to be awkward but she was. (see details) What
does this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, I feel your actions doesn't not go with you saying with how you moved
on. I think you wanted to talk to her because you probably hoped there might be a
chance of getting back together.
Most guys rationalise that they doing it out of being polite and all that because
let's get real. You're not so over her to be posting a question about it on Quora.
A guy who has moved on and over his ex, won't even bother.
She's over you but she's not over the drama that happened in the relationship.
Best distance yourself and...move on ;)
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 21 year old College student, don't know what it's like to be
on a date. Only people I attract are Big girls or gays, what do I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have some work to do. Now I don't know you but if you're attracting what you
don't want then you need to ﬁgure it out.
One thing you need to appreciate is there is no such thing as being picky and you
need to have standards. You don't ﬁx a problem by doing things easy. If big girls
you're not attracted to...the big girls you're not...attracted to.
That is it.
Now you need to then do the work and ﬁgure out what the heck is wrong, what
you need to sort out and develop to get what you want.
Begin from what you can see...
1. You're sexual appeal.

How are you dressed for starters?
Are you dressing like most guys do or do you know how to dress and groom? Sort
that out.
Hit the gym because this will make a diﬀerence how others perceieve you too.
Look at your body language.
2. Are You A Loner?

Be seen to have fun with other guys. Don't be some loner. Get out of standing in
some shadow. It's time for you to invest time in building your social circle and
you're not going to do that sitting on your own waiting for it to happen.
Go out more often, hit the night clubs, socialise with more people because when
girls look at you...they also look at who you are hanging around with.

Are you sitting alone?
Are you acting like some loner?
Are you shy, blah blah? Get over it. Time to step up.
Start making friends.
Hit the sports area, do sports, join a team, get with it.
3. Talk To Girls And Bring Value

You need to be like a marketer in creating a perception about you. You want the
perception how others sees you, then ﬁnd your balls, and approach girls you are
atrracted too.
Just mingle, be friends with them for now, so the image of you starts to spread in
the unconscious minds of those who look at you.
Be someone of value.
What I used to do when I was in college in..
Approach a girl and socialise, ﬂirt, tease, be fun
I'd then introduce her to other girls
Then I'd get all of them together to introduce to other girls
Now, when I walk in college I'm talking to a gang of girls who know each other
because I've introduced them to each other.
This helps me for preselection as other girls see me with these gang of girls, many
attractive and some I'd not date but still, they together, having fun and I'm in the
middle having fun.
Guess what?
I'll be seen in night clubs, student parties with a gang of girls. That lowers the wall
down for me to bring in other girl I like into the group.
You need to manage your image, the perception of you more carefully in a
proactive way than thinking things just happens.
4. Invest in knowledge
Look into the psychology of girls/women in regards to dating.
Understand what is going on instead of falling for the common fallacies
regarding dating. Especially that you date down when you don't.
You can se already there are things you can do.
Raise your standards high but do the work.
You are attracted to a certain girl look and so forcing yourself to be with girls who
you are not going to help your growth isn't the way.
Can you imagine if you're a football player in USA and the coach said..
"Try not to get hit by the big fella. Lower your standards."
He will say..
"Man the fuck up. He's human like you. Train harder. Learn and ﬁnd a way."
He'll give his players the knowledge, the training needed to win instead of
lowering their standards.

Now, you can date girls who are not bigger but average looking to what you might
think as hot to get in the groove. To learn some skills. To mess up, to ﬁgure out, to
have fun, to get laid (with protection of course).
As time goes by you go upwards, dating a more attractive girl that you perceieve
as attracted. Forget all this bs about superﬁcial and shallow. People got double
standard. They study hard piomping their CV with degrees cousting them
thousands or kiss the bosses ass and then talk about superiﬁcial and shallow.
See the world for what it is and not you like it to be.
Be honest with your self and don't worry if that makes most people think you're
an asshole, or choosy, or whatever. That is their problem. You live your life
Because they won't be living it.
You got to be real in going for what you want and not fall for the social
conditioning and labels society uses to make you feel insecure, guilty about
going for what you want and what you desire.
5. Be The Chooser. Approach.
You need to stop having women or anyone else approaching you. It's time you
stop being in the comfort zone if you want to be the chooser.
So you need to approach the girls you like consistenly, moving from one to
another. Have fun, ﬂirt, tease, get use to the experience of doing so ﬁrst.
Your resources are small.
There is no such thing as being picky. That's social conditioning. The human race
in numbers are vast.
There are attractive girls you like out in world but you got to make extra eﬀort to
go through the rejections. You got to approach many. You got to keep going into
you become the man you need to be to attract them.
You got to learn how to master the social dynamics at where you at and how you
approach. Observe internally what it is you're doing and what you can change
and see how that works.
Learn don't just do.
Change something and see if it works.
Reﬁne, tune it up, tighten it.
The more you do and step out of the comfort zone, the more mistakes you'll make
but you will also see what to do better next time.
So in conclusion...
Figure it out.
Hit the gym
Sort out how you dress. Sexual appeal.
Sort out your mindset.
Bring value to other girls and guys
Look at the location. Can you go somewhere else that is much better?
Take proactive measures to manage the perception about you as much as
possible....and...be proactive in approaching girls you're into.
As forDating Website

It's a diﬀerent type of communication from what you learn in educational
institutions.
What might be messed up can be anything...
Your photos are very poor in demonstrating your atrractive qualities, social life
and things women would want to see.
Photos don't trigger curiousity and excitement for them.
Photos probably poor quality as well.
Your proﬁle text biog will probably be the usual boring stuﬀ most guys type. Most
serious and talking about what they looking for instead of creating curiousity,
with and emotional message that makes them message you.
Maybe your messaging to the women needs a lot of work to.
It can be anything.
For now hope above helps.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

Would you approach an ugly men/women you aren't attracted
to, date them and try to ﬁnd out their personality?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. If I am not attracted to the woman....notice I didn't mention physical because
attraction is complex in it's nature and most like to deﬁne it as one thing.
But no. I won't approach I am not attracted to her. It just doesn't make sense to
me. I have to be attracted to her to approach and then ﬁnd out more in regards to
personality. Not the other way round when it comes to me.
623 Views · View Upvoters

Why am I (as a young, Scandinavian girl) so attracted to Middle
Eastern/Arabic Men?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm Arab and I haven't got a clue ;)
I'm not complaining about it either. I think one friend said as I was standing in a
night club in London....
"You stand out a lot as you're diﬀerent to everyone here."
Maybe he hit on something. Althought myself and my Arab friends are very
conﬁdent, cocky fun types and we'll approach.
Most guys I see just stand there staring.
I have a feeling that maybe it's the novelty, new, diﬀerent, plays a part of it but
also your makeup of who you're attracted to. Sometimes that will change through
diﬀerent experiences in your life and sometimes it won't.
You are drawn to what you're attracted to.
But whatever happens, I hope when you do meet and date an Arab guy, you have
a wonderful time and experience.
All the best
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do some girls enjoy ﬂirting and leading guys on but then
in the end say they want to stay friends and not date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only person who gets to be lead on is the one who is scared to be direct from
day one when ﬂirting happens. Most guys got too much ego and fear rejection
and so they made that choice to keep playing without establishing clarity.
You have a choice. You don't need to ﬂirt back. You can ask for clarity as I do all
time so I am not emotionally investing time, eﬀort on someone who is just ﬂirting
for attention or boredom, or to get horny and go back to screw her man.
Girls ﬂirt for many reasons:
1. For attention
2. To feel they can attract guys
3. Boredom
4. To feel good
5. etc etc etc
So since I know this then I will ensure to be direct when ﬂirting starts. I'll know
very quick if she's just doing it for fun. If I ﬁnd she is doing for fun, then I can
decide to walk away or ﬂirt back.
If you want to be clear where you stand then make eﬀort to get it sorted early on
without this fear of rejection.
547 Views · View Upvoters

Are Arabic men attracted to Nordic women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can't speak for all Arabs, but I'm Arab, british, been living in UK for years and
travelled around the world.
And...yes...I like white women.
I did marry a white british woman too but that was the past as we divourced years
ago. However, that hasn't got me to project the negative experience I had onto
other white women and dating them.
I have more fun with white women and I get along better with them too. Maybe
because I was brought up in England since I was a teenager.
I personally won't date and won't marry an Arab woman. Just not for me. I am not
attracted to Arab women at all. There we go.
Some Arab men will not have same views as me in this. Some won't marry white
woman. Maybe date but marriage, no.
We're all very diﬀerent.
Some of us are been in England for sometime now andthough I do love my
country, still have the cultural part but I do not force it on anyone, especially
women I date. I like the western life.
I like the british life, I love their culture, art, music, the lifestyle, their festive
season which is fun.
I have also got a lot very well with Sweden white women, German, Irish, love the
Irish. Scots, English and just four weeks ago, I meet an American.

She had great personality, fun to be with, a surgeon and got along with her well.
Great dancer too and always beat me at Chess and playing card games ;)
So there are Arabs who have diﬀerent desires, needs, wants and who have lived in
diﬀerent parts of the world and who do date and marry white women.
You might not see it often but they do exist.
4k Views · View Upvoters

I notice that guys often check me out, but because I'm too shy to
smile or even make prolonged eye contact, I seem standoﬃsh
or uninterested. How do I make a guy comfortable enough to
approach me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you need to appreciate is most guys fear rejection. I see rejection as part of
life and helps me to move in to next woman. I don't take it personal as I used to
when I was a teen. I overcome much of the social conditioning.
So I personally would approach a woman anyway and not look for some sign like
prolong eye contact or a smile. I just approach for the the reason I like what I see
and I like to ﬁnd out more about her ﬁrst...before asking her out.
But most guys no matter how attractive a woman is, will fear rejection.
They willl be looking for the signals.
1. The eye contact
2. But then you must smile warmly at the guy
3. Brush your hair back and look again and smile
This is what I mean when I say 'be approachable.'
Make it easier for the guy to know you are interested and you want him to
approach you. Repeat these steps to that guy.
You can do a lot more but start with these basics.
If you have courage then walk up without thinking of the bigger picture.
Just strike a conversation and say...
"Hi can I sit here.."
Or "Hi.."
Then introduce yourself, strike a conversations with understanding you know
what you look for in a guy, and you're going to ﬁnd out by talking ﬁrst. Nothing
big about asking him out and all that.
First determine if he's a guy you like to spend more time with and if so, lead it to
maybe a coﬀee in future, exchange numbers.
Start with smiling warmly when you make eye contact.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

What are the signs that a guy is interested in a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the guy.
The guy with no balls approach...

Eye contact
Smiles
Then avoids contact
Orbits around you
Tells you he wants to be friends (but really wants to get into your pants)
Laughs at your shit jokes
Texts you a lot
Hangs around you like he's a girlfriend
Looks for signals and doesn't take proper cause of action
If the guy has balls...
Approaches you
Says you're cute, attractive
Teases, ﬂirts, converses
Leads to asking you out
Gets your phone number
Texts and ﬂirts
Leads to asking you out by text or talking on phone
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why wouldn't any guys want to have a baby with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want a baby because other girls having one and you think that's....love. That
you feel so left out and all that.
When a guy can sense that's what you want, he will run as far as he can. You don't
have a baby because you feel left out and for some social status or something.
How old are you?
Because this kind of thinking is very immature.
373 Views · View Upvoters

I am in love with someone who wants nothing to do with
me,not even be my friend.What shall I do?.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You can't force someone to be in any kind of relationship including friends. The
way he's behaving he just doesn't want to know at all. Being friends with him with
this mindset of "not being in my life.." is bit too much.
You're going to be hoping something happens
He probably knows that too and feels it, and doesn't want to be friends either. The
guy sees you and walks the other way.
You want a friend from a guy who does that?
That's enough to tell you to just back away and just let it go.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What is going on in a guys mind when you're making prolong
eye contact with a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you want an honest answer?
If you want an honest answer..
Ok then. when I look at an attractive woman, strong prolong eye contact I'm
thinking....
1. She has the most amazing ass.
2. I hope her tits are real, if not, they still look amazing
3. Look at that cleveage. Wow. Amazing.
4. I wonder if she's great at sex and can do this and that, and this
5. I wonder what she looks like naked
6. I want to kiss her
All this happens nano seconds and I would have approached immediately to talk
with her.
Then the second phase kicks in because even though she may have an amazing
ass, great tits, legs up to inﬁnity, curves....I want to ﬁnd out, she ain't a psycho,
insecure, drama queen, socially awkward, lacks conﬁdence, can't ﬂirt, boring as
hell and just too damn serious..
So even if she has the looks, it won't be enough for me, until the real deal, the
deeper side is attractive too. If she ain't got the personality, if she's drama,
bitter...I'd say thanks for talk and I'd walk away.
With a smile.
Now, if you didn't want an honest answer it be this..
1. She must have great taste in fashion and awesome personality.
2. She has this amazing stance of conﬁdence
3. I like the ﬂowing of her hair
4. She wears awesome high heels
5. No, I do not think about her tits and ass when I see an attractive woman
6. I think if I like to know her better because she has a cool handbag
But I don't girls/women want to know the truth of what's going on in the mind of
a guy whose making prolong eye contact.
And I know some guys will get butt hurt to think I speak for them because they
think being a knight in shining armour gets them laid ;)
See what I mean in the comment below my answer.
;)
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

I really like this guy, but he said he only wanted to have a good
time with me. Should I let him know I really like him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When a guy says to a woman, he is only wanting to have a good time, take it as
such. Even if you like him and want more - you need to ensure you don't try to
push for something more.
Because if you do, as some women tried it with me, it will push the guy away
which is what happened to me. Moment I saw women starting to frame the
relationship into something else, then I started to pull away.
It happens a lot.
It's like some women want to ﬁx the badboy into what they want. Not saying I am
a badboy but that is unfortunately how most women see me and it hasn't stopped
them dating with me. I like having fun, in multiple relationships and they all
know as well. It's open and honest from beginning
But there has been time when some women starts trying to change the dynamics
of the relationship. They purposely try to turn it into a serious relationship and
even create drama when they don't get their way.
Believe me, it's not going to go down well when that happens.
So be open, say you like him and all, but make sure that you see it as he said it
would be. To have a good time. Not a serious relationship.
That doesn't mean it won't become a serious relationship.
However, it is best to know what you're going into and be clear about it in your
mind from the start.
I'm kind of sick of hearing women and guys saying..
"Oh she/he used me for sex."
We all have choices and we all want something, and none of us are trophies. If
we're honest we're all wanting to satisfy our desire and wants.
No one is pushing us to do things. We got a choice.
All the best.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl says "I'm not sure how I feel" after a month of getting
aﬀectionate and seeing each other, does this mean that the
relationship is doomed?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Reading from the details, and seeing you haven't got much experience in dating
and relationships until now, then it seems to me...
You went full throttle, showing aﬀection early and everyday, texting back and
forth. Like you wanted it to badly be a relationship.
It was too much, too fast for her.
It has only been one month and you needed to pace yourself instead texting,
talking, every day. Be a challenge in that you are being busy with your life and
letting there be room to breathe. Let her miss you a little but you didn't.
When it gets like that then she's going to say..
"I'm not sure how I feel."
Distancing yourself, removing all these texting, phoning and laying oﬀ showing
aﬀection. Pace yourself. Don't push for relationship because your behavior is
doing just that and it is too soon.

You've only been dating for a month mate.
What you need to do is really date more women, get some experience under your
belt and not push for relationship at the moment. You've said yourself, you're
inexperienced when it comes to women.
27 years old and you have only started dating now so you will be rushing things,
needy, desperatr and fear loss. Pushing it, with all the calling everyday, texting
everyday, meeting everyday, cuddle this, aﬀection that and being a nice guy.
Like it’s the ﬁrst time experience of chemicals kicking in. Someone who is
experienced will have the emotional strength, maturity and experience to avoid
much of you haven’t. It’s you to you and without experience, you’ll go full on like
she is “the one” and not realise, this will happen many a times in your life IF you
have been proactive with dating women.
You haven’t and so the mistakes will quadrupel to a guy who has experience.
Don't be too available for her and get busy..
This is a woman who is saying to you..
"Slow down." and “I’m getting bored with the predictability and nauseness of
your own neediness.”
Now slow down, don't contact her for a while, give her distance and date other
women. Create options and get some experience.
19.8k Views · View Upvoters

Boyfriend suddenly broke up with me saying he doesn't see a
future with me but is willing to rethink the issue. Any chance I
can turn it around?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a chance of.....driving your insance, probably by the time he's done with
his drama, you'll admit yourself to an asylum.
He be like "Yes and NO, yes, and NO, Yes erm...I don't know"
"Yes i am 100% sure I want to break up but...."
"No, I am not that sure now. Oh my love, sweet heart...you're such a great
girlfriend, a partner..BUT..BUT....BUT...BUT."
When some guy says "I need to rethink this issue" you know he has no balls to just
be clear and be done with. He wants to make sure there is no conﬂict and
awkwardiness but his ego creates this conﬂict anyway.
He creates the awkwardiness anyway.
No, he's going to go back and forth, back and forth until he emotionally drains
you.
He will even say..
"Baby, I love you," creating this idea of hope. You're gut instinct will be telling you
to run. To be the masculine who is direct and makes the decision for him.
"You're not clear what you want but I am. Not this. We're done. Over. Bye."
Block everything and move on.
But you see, hope like the Casino. The more you emotionally invest playing, the
more addicted you become with the game. You lost some money but what they do

is let you win a litle bit to hook you back in to get you to think you can win
everything back and more.
That's his "I love you" one week to give you hope.
Then when he got your attention, he'll break up with you.
You lose all your money in the Casino and you wish you just walked away with
what you had left. You're sanity and time.
He'll not give a straight answer until he's had his drama.
Do yourself a favour. Walk out of the Casino. No more emotionally invested. No
more putting your heart on the table for this guy.
Nice guys, it's why I do't get along with their pussy footing ways. I see them how
they orbit around women and how they approach, date, and break up. Makes you
vomit at the bs they tell themselves.
They take ages approaching a woman and take ages esalating and then create
drama when they do attract the girl and more drama when they want to break up.
Never direct.
Never clear.
Just signals, messages, half assed decisions with lots of confusion to feel
important, special and all that.
Take it that it is over and move on.
If not, the break up will happen and somewhere in the distant he will try to
contact you again and due to this 'hope' you're back in that same damn position.
Playing cards or the machine at the same god damn Casino.
Don't linger in some hope.
There is no future with him but a future of going crazy and drained from this
ongoing bs most can't see coming.
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to give a Valentine’s Day gift to a girl who said she only
wants to be friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't bother.
It will make it even awkward for her because it is Valentines and you told her
already you like her and she rejected. Now giving gifts and all that nonsense, will
be seen in context of you pestering her like a creep.
She will put two together and remember you once asked her out and she said no.
So she won't see your valentine or anything you do as favourable.
Move on and stop kissing girls asses to impress with a gift.
Best to stop this before it goes any further and move on. Approach other girls
because this girl said no.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

This girl didn't give me her number because she said I'm too
young, but I'm 18 and she's 26. What do I do next?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She must be a genius or can see into the future.
That's why she said you're too young.
She knew you couldn't ﬁgure this simple thing out on your own and had to go on
Quora to ask strangers what to do next.
If girl said no, a mature guy will know to move on and approach someone else ;)
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I talk to the guy that I like about wanting to be with
him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No problem. That happened to me years ago, although I didn;t ignore her but was
seriously busy..
Here's what you do and I'm giving real example of what one woman did with me.
She saw me, smiled and walked right over and said..
"Hi, can I talk to you for a minute."
"Yes sure."
And we walked and she just told me she couldn't stop thinking about what I said,
and about me. So she wondered if we could start again as she would love to go out
with me on a date.
Nothing big or any confessing big feelings and all that. Just simple, down to earth
and I liked how she was conﬁdent to do that. I knew it wasn't easy for her to come
back and say that.
I replied, "great. How about we exchange numbers now and I'll text you to go out
for a drink."
And that was it.
So try that. Don't worry about awkwardiness and all that. Just go and do it. I bet
he's waiting for you to do so.
Moment you see him don't over think. Just go for it.
All the best.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you keep a girl interested in you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the most common mistakes most people make with this subject is in the
beginning stages. Far too many play this guessing game with looking for signals.
It kills attraction soon enough.
When you're interested in a girl the process is you approach and you set the frame
from day one in showing true intent. You don't get a girls number without doing
this ﬁrst which i....approaching and..
"Hey, I was just walking to (library/bank/class/whateber) and I saw you and had to
come over to say you're cute. (pause)...."
You have now shown true intent that you're attracted to her but it's still not
complete. After you say this, you transition fast even if she doesn't respond by
adding..

"Hi, my name is (your name). Who are you?"
Thus begins the ﬂirting, teasing and keeping it light hearted. You converse, and
ﬁnd out if she's really someone you want to date.
You're attracted to her looks but you now got to evaluate if you'd want to date her
as a person. You want to look for qualities you see in girls you like to date.
If all is well, then you suggest something i.e.
"It was great talking with you but I got to go and (meet friends/go to
bank/class/whatever), but how about we meet for drink and chill? I know a great
place to check out."
See what she says or give her your mobile phone exchange numbers.
Now you have made the intent clear but still you need to make sure you hammer
it in that this isn't some friend hang out.
Your ﬂirting will do this and later on your texting too.
When you walk away and you later text her, it must be fun, not boring. You want
to tease still and use role play. If she responds, show interest then just a few times
of back and forth text will happen, for you to lead....to the goal.
The date.
Move it to the phone call by saying something like..
"Hey, got an awesome story to share with you, call you in 5 mins?"
You want to get her on the phone and build a touch of comfort, Still be fun but
work so she shares something of herself and you share of you too. Not too much
but enough for you to ﬁnd out what she's into, what she likes, what fun means to
her so you can use it for future talks and for ideas when dating.
That is how you keep a girl interested.
You move forward and if she is unwilling to move forward, you back away and
make sure you got other girls numbers to work with until you ﬁnd one girl who is
decisive and not playing hard to get.
Texting back and forth is not going to keep her interested.
She will get bored soon if you don't take action.
You need to meet face to face, because texting can do so much but it cannot do
what you want - which is keep attraction going. You need to step up and stop
playing safe. You need to stop looking for signals and hints.
You need to...LEAD.
Take charge and lead instead of waiting for her to do so and you are not doing so
because you fear rejection. Rejection is part of life and you can't avoid it. You'll
get it but at least you know from day one if she's interested in you too or not.
If not, move on and don't chase.
The fallacy of dating is that girls play hard to get and guys will then chase, like
she's some trophy.
Instead get clariﬁcation and that needs you to have the balls to ask her out. If she
is not giving you clear answers, take it as a no and move on. Don't wait around to
convince her by orbiting ariound her.
If you did the ﬁrst step as I have said then it will be easier but if you haven't, then
it will be diﬃcult.

Understand some girls text for fun, out of boredom, to get attention too. They also
will have other guys messaging them and you won't know.
Move fast and don't assume anything.
Be direct and ask her out.
That way you don't emotionally invest time, too much eﬀort and emotions on a
girl who isn't really interested to date you.
Now what you see here may seem long process.
But I have met girls and instantly, hit it oﬀ and by the next day we are dating,
kissing and screwing each other.
It can happen very fast. I mean so fast, you could be standing and your eyes meet
a girl and she and you are all over each other.
BUT...if you don't move your ass to next step because you're playing it safe...you
see her the four days later and...she'sll be oblivious to you.
You was too slow.
15.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm going to confess my feelings to a guy I barely know. Will you
read my confession "draft"? What are the chances he will
consider the possibilities and give me a chance?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's too serious. Too soon.
You got to ﬁrst get with just asking him out for coﬀee and leave all this for later
on. First ﬁnd out if he is interested to go out with you for a drink and then see if
he's interested in you in that way.
Don't spill your guts so early on.
He hasn't done anything for you to do this.
Keep this close to your chest until you do this.
If he says yes to coﬀee, great but still keep these deep feelings to yourself for just a
short while. Date him, see how he is with you alone, get to know each other, get
intimate and through a span of time, you can then say these things but...to his
face, over drink at some nice ﬁreplace.
Nothing wrong will confessing your feelings but there is a time for this. This is
not the time for it.
All the best and hope it works out for.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I like keeps reminding me that I'm her "best friend",
does she like me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She likes you only as a best friend and nothing else.
Probably keeps saying it because her unconscious mind is being triggered by
some behaviour your doing. So her knee jerk reaction to make sure you know
your place is to keep reminding you of the boundaries.

You probably spend way too much time hanging around her, being with her,
doing things for her, texting, phone calls, whatever.
Similar to some people who orbit around those they like. Hoping that this
someone will one day like them more, trust them and fall for them.
Usually by guys/girls who have a lack of options and fear rejection to just go out in
world and approach tons of guys/girls than orbiting around this one person, in
hope something might happen.
A lot of times it just backﬁres due to the person has got used to their "best friend"
and just doesn't see anything else. They just got used to the emotional support,
the blah blah friend, the friend who they cry or complain, bitch, or talk about
some new relationship they started.
So if she is consistently reminding you of you being her best friend, take it that
she is making sure you don't see some mixed signals, that there's something more
between you and her. That she thinks she better keep reminding you to be aware
nothing is going to happen between you and her in a sexual attraction way.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

If texting the girl I like gets boring, would not texting her make
her miss me more and keep the chemistry we have?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you like a girl then you've approached and said so and got her number. So
you've shown true intent and she doesn't see as a friend.
Now here's what you need to know about texting which majority of guys mess up
in a big way. Girls too.
1. Texting needs to be used to be fun and to lead to phone
2. From phone conversation you lead to agreeing to date.
So if you're texting a lot and playing it safe then you're falling short on not
knowing what to do next - which is...asking her out.
You don't build chemistry with text or phone.
It actually harms it because you cannot work on just on attraction. You need to
also meet, face to face and build comfort too.
You're missing the touching.
The walking with holding hands. The expression on each others face. The
exciting feeling and mood from walking together...holding hands.
If you don't move and escalate this to next level....you're going to ﬁnd she will get
bored and move on.
You should only be texting a few times and in a fun way to then lead to dating
face to face. Not texting doesn't do much because let's face it....there is no
emotional investment in you from her side.
You haven't done much together so, no. It won't help her to miss you more or keep
the chemistry. Attraction does fade and if there's no comfort...well...you'll ﬁnd
out soon enough if you don't take action.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

If cold approaching a girl/woman is not the right way to get a
girlfriend, then what is?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Feb 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

12 of my friend, 4 years ago approached women using cold approaches. All my
mates still dating these amazing smart women.
They met them in streets, supermaul, cafe and book stores. One met his girlfriend
who is now his wife outside a hair salon. He just approached her in his funny
cocky lively way.
She liked his conﬁdence. He exact words..
"So guys like you still exist."
She was impressed by his conﬁdence.
Then there's my close friend who approached women in the street.
He's still in relationship and it's been 10 years.
What was the diﬀerence?
They had their shit together. They worked on themselves to be guys who girls,
women would love to date.
Most of them are not that great looking but they are very skilled in the people
area, and some are introverts who took the leap out of the comfort zone to be who
they are today.
Conﬁdent, learned, skillful people in the social world.
Most of all, they had to overcome their own ignorance due to social conditioning
regarding the many common fallacies about dating.
Some of of which I learnt from studying for hours and years on:
The history and creation of modesty and shame regading sex.
Studied the history of branding sex as shame and the politics behind it
The creation of labels and propaganda of words;. too easy, slut, whore
How these gave rise to multi-billion industies that makes money from
shame, from modesty and the fear it created
The ongoing social engineering in society to enforce modesty, shame,
fear.
How it impacted women and men to be fearful of their sexuality
How it impacted women and men when their interacted with each other
Why women and men self sabotage themselves in dating and
relationship
So what am I getting at?
You have a lot of work and much of it will be about yourself. Especially when you
live in a world that believes in much of the common fallacies about dating.
Even today, you will hear some women and men advising you how you don't
approach women. That there is only one kind of relationship.
Much of the "playing hard to get" is also one of those fallacies, a misconception
used to make women as someone to be chased like a trophy.
Any woman who used this tactic doesn't realise that she is falling into the trap in
being seen as object, a trophy to be won.
Such a thing creates diﬃculty with attraction because attraction isn't about
chasing. It never was. It is about being attracted to someone or someone is

attracted to someone - so one must show interest or decline.
Pursuing isn't chasing.
Pursuing is when a woman or man are interested in each other. They understand
this is a YES from both of them; but to make it enjoyable, they ﬂirt, tease with an
understanding to make the dating process less awkward and more fun.
It was not meant to be a way in which it creates confusion or sending mixed
messages. Rather both know and agreed there are now interested and so both
pursue. Both take responsibiluty and both engage in a manner that is fun, sexual,
arousing and transparent.
This is just one of the common fallacies and I cannot go into much detail of many
others today. I will do so in future posts.
If you're asking this question then you have work to do in ﬁrst developing
yourself in the follow following:
Social skills. Go and meet lots of people. Hone in the diﬀerent social
skills
Don't just focus on girls but build oﬄine network of guy friends too
Build your world and resources - ﬁnd your passion
Basic understand psychology with girls/women when it comes to dating
Invest time developing your conﬁdence in focusing on meeting people
Hit the gym. You'll feel and look good.
Learn to groom yourself well and look your best always for sexual appeal.

You're desire is not that you NEED a woman but that you WANT a woman. The
need will only make you think in terms of fear of loss. You will compromise a lot
and be fearful and overthink when it comes to dating.
What you do need is purpose in life.
This comes before girls/women.
Every guy I have helped must ﬁrst get their life in order. Before any steps in
taking towards wanting to date girls. He must sort the fundamentals out.
Let's say you got the fundamentals out then we begin understanding about cold
approaches and some mechanics.
In cold approaches or any approach like social circle the key is this..
It is..ATTRACTION PHASE ﬁrst.
What is attraction got to do with it.
It's not about approaching women in regards to get a girlfriend. The cold
approach is not the problem. It works.
The problem is your mindset.
That you're going to get a girlfriend.
You don't get. You attract.
You don't get a job. You attract.
You don't get a friend. You attract.
You grab her attention to take notice of you.

In sales, the ﬁrst step is Attention.
- Attention
- Interest
- Desire
- Action
1. You must grab the attention of someone.
2. Transition to keep her interest
3. Inﬂuence her to desire to know more
4. Lead her to take action i.e. want to meet for coﬀee, drink, whatever. Exchange
numbers.
It is no diﬀerent to getting a job.
It is not diﬀerent to attracting a friend.
It is not diﬀerent to attracting girls/women.
It just looks diﬀerent because every community, problem solving area is
packaged in a familiar language for that targeted audience.
Next...
You approach ﬁrst to grab the girl's attention in an attractive manner. You will
have knowledge about the nature of women. You will have knowledge in how to
use the social dynamics to your advantage.
For example, if you focus on one woman at a party and her friends are there - they
may come and try act like they protecting her. This will get her to back away
because she fears of being judged, labelled and ostracised by her social group.
So you need to understand the rules within the social world and in diﬀerent
social environments. You will be equipped with knowledge of history, science,
social science than most men and women will ever have.
You will know what's going to happen, why and how to solve them.
You need to have skills and these skills take time to develop. Most people are very
low in the areas of conﬁdently striking unique, vibrant and rich conversation.
But most of all - their vibe, energy is way oﬀ. It stinks of fear.
You're approach is to ﬁrst determine that she is the girl you'd really want to date.
Just because she is attractive to you, doesn't mean she is someone you'll click
with or want to date.
She might have insecurities that are too much for you, she might be in a
relationship already, she might in a cooling period i.e. she just broke up and so
she doesn't know what she wants and ex is still in there.
She might not be available for whatever reason.
She might be a bratty type, argumentative time, scared type, or pissed oﬀ about
life and everything in general.
You approach in a fun, polite way and with conﬁdence.
The moment you get her attention, you need to know how to transition fast to
conversation. You need to demonstrate why she should be interested in you
without putting her on a pedestal.

That way you are able to move on very fast without emotionally investing too
much time, emotions on someone who isn't attracted to you.
You will need to be a problem solver.
By that, you need to handle diﬀerent settings, environments and logistic
problems very fast. We live in a fast world with lots of small to big logistic
problems when it comes to approaching and dating.
The guy is going to do the approaching, arranging and solving problems.
Some women might approach but it is very rare.
Attraction can happen very fast.
It doesn't need the girl to be horny or in mood for sex and all that. If she likes you,
sees something about you for whatever reason then something is going to
happen. It will lead to a conversation and exchange in numbers.
You will go through many rejections. You don't ask what it means until you have
approached over 400 girls just to learn. I don't mean approach and attract for a
date. I mean seriously fucking go out there and blitz it by saying hello, have fun,
mingle, and get over yourself and the fear you have.
Social skills ﬁrst. Knowledge ﬁrst. Most want to be heros when they zeros. You
want to get real good at this and not be guessing, this is how it is.
Be ready for white kbights who will intervene and when they do, be ready to
fucking show them to mind their damn business.
You don't have to shout at them. The girls themselves will tell them to, "fuck oﬀ."
Me to girls - is this your boyfriend?
Girl - No, I don't know him
Me - You let a stranger speak for you?
Girl - No. You, get lost. Mind your business. We're talking.
Me - Grinning.
You will need to know how to handle cockblockers whose aim is to only get your
attention away from the girls. They do it to disrupt your concentration and focus
on the girl. They will spill drink. Or nudge a glass to break behind you. Don't
turn, focus on the girl and move your circle (you and her) away.
Even be fun and pick her up and walk as she laughs.
I do that a lot and the guys can't do shit. This is why you need to be conﬁdent. You
are going to be tested. Hit the gym to get your legs big and strong. You'll need
them when you do this ;)
Lots of problem solving.
If you're just chasing one girl, you will never learn how to solve these problems
when they do appear.
So forget "soul mate. the one." It doesn't exist. This is another fallacy. Don't fall
trap with these Disney terms and mainstream bs. Don't feel guilty either.
Every girl isn't going to say yes to you.
Every girl isn't going to be butt hurt when you approach.
Every girl isn't going to start playing some game.

Some are decisive and will be friendly.
Some girls will want to converse.
Some girls will say yes to coﬀee right now or a walk.
Some will bad mouth you.
Some will have the arrogance even on here to say, "I would never be interested in
you" and you haven't even got a clue who they are. You never asked them out but
there you go. Some like attention and feel like they got a damn choice.
Some will have cultural diﬀerence which you will grow to learn.
Some will be so damaged, you best walk away. Don't be the knight to save her.
Some won't give you their number.
Some girls will say yes to giving you their number.
Some will sleep and have sex on the night and even on the spot, outside
somewhere.
All women are diﬀerent and none by the way are sluts, whores or too easy. Stay
away from ever labelling women. They are women, sexual, as you are. Don't fall
trap labelling people. It's a trap and used by bitter, closed minded and jelous
people.
Understand a phone number is not a date.
As you grow through experience you're going to see lots of girls/women giving
numbers to be polite. Many will waste your god damn time. Many will act weird
in this way but when you know the history of it all and what, then you'll let go
easily. You will forgive and let them be.
A No is a No.
Always take a No as a No. Do not pursue. Respect her and every woman. No is a
No, no matter what you think. It's on her head if she meant yes. No is a no. Be
mature about this. We know some women will say no but want to say yes. They
nervous, they fear being judged.
However, you must not think this. Always take a no as a no. Walk away.
You will move faster and not bother with them.
Some give their numbers because they do like what they see and hear. They FEEL
something.
The key is never look for signals.
Be direct to move on faster. Never assume anything.
We can't generalise that cold approaches don't work or mingling in social settings
don't work. They all work for someone who has the skill and leadership.
It works for the guy who has got his shit together. Unfortunately, majority of guys
haven't got their shit together.
Even good looking guys haven't got their act together.
They focus too much about the girls before they got their own life sorted out.
They are needy, desperate, have no understanding about the phases of dating in
the real world. Their social skills and conversation is boring and doesn't stimulate
the girls/women emotionally.

They talk far too much about themselves, jobs, income, thinking that's what
makes a girl attracted to them.
It's all about the guy than the girls they are talking with.
All they want to do is collect some fancy pick up lines or look for easiest
approach.
Even if someone invited you to a party full of girls, the girls will probably blow
you out of the circle they are in - if you haven't got a clue what to do.
Even if you got a date, you will play it safe and she will later say..
"Oh I loved going out with you but let's be friends...."
Even if you got women to your house you will lose it and seduction won't happen.
Even if you was both naked, you'll screw up and nothing will happen.
So it doesn't matter which approach, cold or not cold. Social circle or night club.
Meetup or something else.
They all work but for the guy who got his shit together.
Start with being the guy that the girls would love to date and who has his act
together. The guy who doesn't play it safe. The guy who doesn't follow the
common fallacies regarding dating.
The guy who knows his shit.
It starts by working on yourself.
All the best
12.6k Views · View Upvoters

Which is the best way to ask your good friend on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be direct about it. You're already friend and being subtle will only make room for
assumptions that you just still friends hanging out. That's what you don't want,
right? So be direct about so there is no room for mixed signals.
Movie and resturants are worst place to go for a ﬁrst date. The link below answers
why and what someone of experience would do instead:
Why shouldn't you be so early serious with a girl you like?
There is a high chance she will ﬁnd it awkward and say no because she is used to
being your friend, has investment in the emotional support you give to her
without any comittment of what comes with dating.
So she might not want to risk losing a friend. It happens.
So if she says no, don't cause drama and keep persisting. Move on. Distance
yourself if she does get all upset and let dust settle for a while.
If she gets butt hurt well, that's her problem if she can't take a compliment
especially from a friend but see it from her side. She thinks she never saw you in
this way and you probably just been friends to get close to her and she told you all
her secrets.
I always say to guys, if you like a girl don't approach in a platonic way.
Be direct immediately and get it over with so you can move on faster and haven't
emotionally invested in time, eﬀort, thinking if girl says no.
752 Views · View Upvoters

Would you ever date a guy or girl with crooked teeth?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me it is...
She has a personality where we can talk for ages
She's kind, compassionate and positive attitude
She's fun to be with
She has a passion for life
She's adventureous. Loves travelling because we're going to see the
world.
She has high sexual drive like I do
When women I date have these qualities, I don't care if they have crooked teeth.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

My husband said he doesn't love me. Should I leave him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he said that to you then he married you not for love but for convienence. You
must have been together for quite a while before you both got married. So he
didn't really marry for nothing more than doing right thing than love.
That must have really hit you hard.
I'm so sorry you had to hear that and also, for me to have to be blunt. I hate to say
this but this relationship is done.
Only you can decide but I hope you're ﬁnancial ok if you decide to move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my boyfriend over text because I was really
angry with how he was treating the relationship and his reply
was"OK LOL". Why do you think he said that? Was he hurt or
did he not care at all?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You broke with text so he thought it was immature; and "ok whatever."
He's not going to make a big deal out of it. If that's what you want, fair enough. He
just sees the way you did it was kind of childish and immature.
Maybe not even surprised.
Personally, if woman broke up with me by text, I'd think "whatever" too. It's not
something you'd do over text.
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl says "I know I'm hard to get but I
promise I'm worth it"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means it is your lucky day. She has made it easier for you to tell you that she
will mess you around, pull all the manipulating strings.
It is the bs "play hard to get."

You lucky guy!
She just showed you who she really is - which is a pain in the ass.
Run my man. Run as fast as your legs can carry you. Far, far away from her and
smile. You lucky devil, you!
;)
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why shouldn't you be so early serious with a girl you like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For a moment imagine this...
You got a guy taking a girl to the movies. It's packed. He and her facing front,
staring at a screen for one hour or so. There is no conversation, no fun between
them, no touching. If they talk..
"Sssssssh." from someone behind them or beside them.
To even kiss is awkward in that damn setting.
After the movie she wants to go home.
He's not going to see her again.
Or he is walking and he talks serious, asking questions after questions, like it's a
job interview. Hands in pocket and walking like a professor. Yes, being that
gentleman from the 1950's kind of thing.
Now imagine a diﬀerent picture.
She meets a guy who doesn't take her to the resturant or movies. He has made
many a mistakes and he knows the deal. He has experience. He has the scars. He
knows what all this is about.
From the beginning of his approach he makes it fun. He ﬂirts, teases in a positive
way.
He approaches in a light hearted manner.
There are no confession of love.
There are no ﬂowers.
There are no love letters.
There are no 100 questions.
He doesn't hesitate. Conﬁdent.
There is only fun, excitement because this is the phase of attraction. He knows,
that he needs to ﬁnd out if she is fun too.
Yes, her being attractive to him got his attention.
But....he needs to ﬁnd out if he can get along with her. He needs to ﬁnd out if she
hasn't some issues, insecurities, and things he just don't want in his life. He's
grown and he's not having it anymore.
Wait! It's not over yet.
He knows she will have her walls up.
He approaches and he's fun, not awkward. Not shy. He's got to step over the
comfort zone and make it happen.

If it goes well and he sees she's got no drama issues, she isn't suddenly talking
negative stuﬀ about guys, sex, past relationships and life is shit and all that...then
he presses on.
He ﬁnds out if.....she is also attracted to him.
See how he ﬁrst looks for deeper things that just her looks?
That's before getting her number.
She gets excited because this guy is diﬀerent than most she met. He's bold.
Conﬁdent. He's fun. He's not confessing serious stuﬀ. He didn't orbit around her
staring at her everyday at school or college.
He didn't stare at her in street but took action immediately. This takes guts
because there is still stigma in society about men approaching and most of all
women approaching guys.
She's interested, curious and excited to want to date this guy.
When he leaves after exchanging numbers, she is going to pick up the phone.
She knows she can let down her hair.
She knows she can relax and be woman. She knows she can be femnine.
She knows this guy ain't going to judge her, label her because he approached in a
fun, ﬂirty, teasing, low tone or high sexual attractive way.
She has diﬀerentiated him from platonic guy to a lover type of guy. From the
needy to a conﬁdent guy. From a guy who has no options to a guy who has the
balls to walk away.
There is this respect between them both.
When he calls it is fun but later on he sprinkles just a tiny touch of seriousness.
Tiny touch and this is what we call...comfort stage.
She gets a little insight of who he is and he gets a little insight of who she is. Not
lots of questions but one or two, story telling and this now reduces awkwardiness.
She ﬁnds she's right about him and really wants to date him
Throughout the process, he is not impressing her.
He is doing what majority of guys don't ever do.
They are afraid to do this but this is what must be done.
Making sure she is really interested in him and she is not just saying so. She is not
going to play hard to get and she is going to follow through to meet him, when
time comes.
When they do meet for the date...
He understands he must dictate the frame from day one. He cannot play safe. He
must follow through the way he was from the beginning.
Conﬁdence. Bold. Fun. Exciting and congruent to who he is. He is in harmony to
his feelings that he is attracted to her and not some platonic friend.
When they meet he doesn't make it a big deal.
He embraces, kisses her on forehead and takes her hand and leads.
He can do so - because...
He made that clear by his behaviour in the beginning.

She also made it clear she is into a guy like him.
He will take her for walks through park, maybe a fair, maybe sit for a coﬀee for 1015 mins and then walk again. Maybe bargain hunting through shops. Or maybe he
found out she's into photography.
Move....move...move.
So he tells her..
"Hey, bring your camera, we're going on an adventure through london and they'll
be awesome things to take photos of."
Hefound out from phone conversation she is a photograher. She brings her
camera and on with the adventure...
He sprinkles fun, excitement, and a little bit of romance. Not the ﬂower, on your
knees stuﬀ and promises.
The exciting romance, the holding hands to go to diﬀerent places. The laughing.
The getting to know each other and having fun.
No talk about marriage.
No talk about having kids yet.
None of this "what is this between you and me."
She doesn't self sabotage by talking about her ex boyfriends, relationships of the
past, doom and gloom. She keeps it up beat instead of talking about how the
world is bringing her down and how tired she is with life.
Nop. She is excited because he has dictated the pace and there is no room for that
kind of talk. He has boudnaries and he does cut it when these boundaries get
stepped over but doesn't make it a big deal.
If she cannot understand there are boundaries and tests him to try to make him
some guy to walk all over....he will calmly let her know this is the boundaries.
He's not fucking messing around being lead to some dark place.
Girls/women will test your frame. Stand up for yourself NOW, in the beginning
because the beginning will dictate how it goes later on. The beginning says who
you are, what you will not tolerate and if she agrees, awesome.
If not, well, you found out early enough to part ways.
Learn to walk away. Have the self respect for yourself to walk away.
Most guys won't. They are blinded by infatuation than leadership.
Most guys will be coming here and asking..
"What do I do if a girl says this and does this.."
Come on! Wake up! Know ourselves and our boundaries. Guys only ask this
because they scared of losing the girl.
If that is so now then what will happen in serious matters?
What will happen when you're in a serious relationship?
The guy must be conﬁdent to hold his own and solve problems in dating.
Let's move on....
There is touching in a casual conversation. The neck. The hands. The shoulders.
The cheeks. The waiste and....we have kissing.

The comfort stage should not be too serious. Not yet.
You want to create a mood, an atmosphere that helps the other person and
yourself to not be awkward with each other.
Smiling does that.
Teasing postively does that.
Laughing does that.
Touching does that.
Kissing does that.
Remove confusion from day one on what this is. If a girl has to wonder what this
is, then the guy has failed miserably.
We already have a lot of seriousness in life.
She gets serious from her repetitive life.
She has serious in her job and at home.
Serious at school and college.
She has serious from fear of TV and Newspaper headlines. She has seriousness in
abundance from guys who orbit around her. She has serious when girls compete
with her and act nasty.
She has serious from her living day to day in paying bills or she's having hard
time with parents and siblings.
So ﬁrst attraction and later a sprinkle of comfort.
This is same for guys too.
If woman gets serious in beginning and starts talking about how so many guys
just wants sex from her....how she can't ﬁnd a man.....or marriage talk, or talk
about wanting kids.....it kills attraction.
You're role as a man is to cut that conversation and lead it right back to positive.
Do not let the emotions go down on some dark note.
Don't be afraid to lead in a calm manner..
"Listen. You're talking about your ex and you're with me. That's the past and we
are together in the present. Let's focus on us two not the past."
I don't mean for you to hide things by the way but in the beginning it is about
attraction.
So if you want to know her passion, goals in life, what she really wants in a
relationship then you leave this for later. You leave it for the comfort stage not in
the beginning of attraction stage.
Make it gradual through diﬀerent dating moments you have with her.
Be fun ﬁrst. Adventureous. Conﬁdent. Bold.
Gradually turn the tap on for deep stimulating conversations and talk of serious
nature but not so...early on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lorenz Duremdes

I asked a girl out. She said she ﬁnds me attractive too but
doesn't know what she feels for me. Any advice on how to
proceed?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated May 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Runs. Yes. Run and don't look back.
You're going to waste a lot of time on a girl who has already made her mind up on
you. Seriously don't bother with her..
Don't do what most guys do, and act like some therapist trying to discover her
insecurities or why she says no.
Take it as a Fuck No. You want a Fuck Yes!
When a girl says...
"I don't know."
"I'm so busy with studies, can't."
"I'm not ready for a serious relationship."
"I like you but not in this way.."
This is about listening carefully and it's not hard.
She either says YES or gives those reasons or a no.
Some will say..
“Yeah but we shouldn’t assume women is not interested. Men need to give woman
space..”
Women shouldn’t assume we’re mind readers either. This is nature. You either
know what you want or don’t. If you don’t, ﬁne, man will move on. It’s not about
giving up. There is nothing…to lose.
What matters is..
Is there is YES in there?
If there is no eﬀort in her part...move on. I have no mercy when it comes to TIME.
It's precious. If I don't get a yes and if I don't get to see the woman put eﬀort in...I
am gone. Moved on.
Today, persistence of a guy can be taken wrong way for harrassment. You only
need one girl, one woman who is out of her head, and you keep going and she will
put charges on you for harrassment.
It's been done before.
She is letting you down easily because she probably had guys approach her or
leart this from other girls to not say no.
Instead, she wants to avoid conﬂict and awkwardiness.
Girls/women do it all the time mate. They will sit with you, laugh, talk, drink and
ﬂirt but it's all for fun. Nothing in it just fun.
Some girls will do it even when they got a boyfriend but it's all fun nothing else.
People ﬂirt for many reasons. Boredom. For attention. For feeling good etc. So
you're only ally is a deﬁnite Yes.
If you don't get a deﬁnite yes, you move on. That way you avoid problems later on
especially harrassment charges and especially not being a doormat.
Since she IS saying FUCK NO. You move on.
If she said what she really means, she'd say this..

"I'm not attracted to you. I don't see myself ever dating you, kissing you and sleeping
with you. I'm not into you in that way. So no, I'm not interested."
But most won't say that.
It's too awkward for lots of girls to do.
People sometimes too polite to say no. They don't want awkwardiness. They
avoid discomfort. They want to have a fast escape.
Especially if they will see this person over and over again at school, college or
work. They'll be polite and give you such replies.
Look on Quora. You'll see not just girls doing it but even guys letting down girls
easily. They were friends, they some how got closer to each other and one of them
thought of asking the guy/girl out.
Then they got..
"I like you but.."
"I don't know."
On and on it goes and we got folks telling young guys, don't take it as a no.
Keep going. Persist because persistence got me married.
"In 1960, I chased a woman I liked. She told me no, 10 times! And on the 11th
times, she said yes, we got married and we have four beautiful children."
This is 21st century and a guy can be done for harrassment.
A guy with self respect is going to knows what to do. He knows it's a no so he's not
going to try and invest lots of time on someone who doesn't see him attractive in
that way.
He's going to walk away.
He's not going to waste time on trying to convince her.
He will approach other girls and be done with.
Guys who wait for girls look so damn desperate. Very needy. They are the ones
who have no options and lack a lot of experience.
The moment you wait......you lose out big!
You're putting your life on hold and time is precious.
Problem with most typical guys is they like some girl, try and friend her and
create so many stories in their head about her.
After months or sometimes years, they pluck up courage to ask her out.
They've wasted so much time and she says..
"I don't see you in that way."
If a guy is attracted to a girl, approach immediately and if it's any replies I've
shown above, don't bother. Move on. Save yourself some frustrations, headache
an huge pain later on.
It helps you to move on faster without emotionally investing time, eﬀort on
someone who doesn't see you in that way.
It's a Fuck No.
Move on.

2k Views · View Upvoters

What are the things guys do if they really like you?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It really does depend on the guy and their experience, personality and social
skills. It also depends on the setting, the venue where we are etc.
But if I'm interested in a woman....
When it's oﬄine, street, cafe, supermaul or night clubs:
1. I'd smile, make eye contact and approach. I am always direct. I don't give
subtle messages and hints.
2. I'd ﬂirt, tease, be fun nothing serious, no romantics, love confessions
3. If I ﬁnd she's not socially awkward, no drama, I click with her and she
clicks with me...I ask her out for a drink or coﬀee.
4. I will build on attraction before we meet and ﬂirt, be fun using text. If she
doesn't respond, if she doesn't show emotions, if she brings up some
insecurities, talks about ex etc, it's over. I move on.
5. If all is well...I lead to meet up by painting picture what can happen. I
call so we talk on phone. Phone builds comfort but still work on
attraction i.e. be fun, not serious. It removes awkwards even further.
6. If she is not responsive in either of these stages....if she gives me one
word replies or lazy messages, lazy replies on approach, one word with
texting, one word reply on phone and isn't putting eﬀort in.............I say
bye and walk away and move on.
7. It helps me to avoid ﬂakes, playing hard to get women and women who
got far too many issues. It has helped me to date wonderful women.
When it's online:
I ﬂirt, tease and be fun if it's online messaging.
I try to keep it away from being serious
I ask for her number if it's local and we exchange numbers
If local, I lead to meeting up through texting
Then we talk on phone
Again, if she isn't showing positive emotions, giving me one word replies, not
putting eﬀort in, talking like I'm a pal instead of a lover type, it's drama, trying to
change me because they see I'm some badboy (so let's change him ﬁrst)....I
gradually lose interest.
It can happen in an instant and I don't reply to one word messages and usual
boredemon lazy greets, and low energy vibe.
Either the women I am talking to put eﬀort in, get with it when ﬂirting and show
conﬁdence in it, be fun, or I move on.
More details when approaching Night Club setting:
Most guys go to night club and approach women to get a date.
But I use a diﬀerent approach.
There is a diﬀerent social dynamics here and this is where all my experience and
skills just totally ﬂies through.

What I do is not just approach women to date but a mindset to bring value. I
create like a big gang of party women and guys, which creates the mood, vibe and
status. I leverage this to my advantage later on:
I ﬂirt, tease and be fun, and sexualise. Very direct.
I touch immediately and introduce women to each other women
They dance together, have fun. I now get their numbers/ Repeat and
Rinse.
I now move in to get guys too and they happy about that
Now I got lots of people who value by eﬀorts in making it fun for all at my
corner.
It is now so easy for me to dance other women as the preselection takes
place. Other women see this and they are drawn into this large group.
I leave and don't walk away with any woman
Next day start texting and I got a date. Socialproof is still strong.
I follow through with phone, meet up etc.
Sometimes I do walk away with a date from the night club.
As you can see, it is very diﬀerent approach because I'm taking advantage of
visual preselection that most women look for.
When lots of women around a guy dancing, holding their waiste, then other
women feel safer when he approaches them. It's social proof and they rather be
where he is because it's more fun.
Every guy will be diﬀerent and has diﬀerent experience.
But this is way I do things.
Hope it gives a diﬀerent perspective to how guys show interest.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell if a guy likes me by reading text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can you tell if a guy likes you through texting?

He should have taken care of this in the beginning where when you exchanged
numbers, he showed his true intent. Instead of just getting your number.
Also you both needed to ﬂirt with each other, tease and made it clear you're both
interested in each other because texting is to build...on the attract that is already
there.
It's harder building attraction on text with this part because both of you will be
sending mixed signals.
So he isn't going to show interest by text because if he is interested then he didn't
have the balls to show in the beginning - so - he won't now by text. He'll be afraid
of rejection and playing safe.
Usually if a guy is texting you then this shows interest but it's diﬃcult to know if
the beginning was messed up.
So you have to navigate it for him to show if he's shy.
Example when I like a girl..
Me - Hey Sarah (not real name) what trouble you're causing in the city?

Her - LOL what you mean? I'm not trouble
Me - I'm stuck in a traﬃc Jam. Wish I had a helicopter. Did you strip naked or
something in middle of london busiest road?
Her - OMG! Noooooooo! I'm not like that
Me - You are. I saw you looking at me. You girls always think about sex, sex. What
about my mind. I got to watch it with you.
Her - Don't worry. I'll take it nice and slow baby ;)
Me - Hahaha. You're trouble
Her - Meaaaoooww :P

After there is a rise in consistency from her texting, let's say back and forth
texting picking up and she's showing interest then it's time to meet...
Me - Ksssh...this is Adam Company, calling agent Sarah, Come in..Kssshhh agent
Sarah.
Her - Ksssh....Sarah to Adam..Ksssssh....I am on a mission? Kssssh....Calling in.
Me - Kssssh.....ksssssh...Roger that....party tomorrow night, drinks free and music
awesome. 9pm. can meet you at (venue) or Kssssssh.....kssh....pick you up if
you're ready though 8.30pm. Ksssssssh.
Her -Ksssssh...mission. The eagles have landed.,..Kssss.....Ready for pickup 8.30.
Engage agent Adam, watch out for spies...ksssh..
Me - Already took a few who were on your tail..Ksssshhh...rendevous 8.30..Roger
and Out.
Her - LOL! I can't wait
22.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is it understandable that some guys choose "more
adventurous" girls out of frustration?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know about anyone else but for me. yes. I like dating women who are fun,
are not too serious and who can also show intimacy in conversation.She responds
back to ﬂirting more outrageous than me.
Look. Sex happens and then what?
I want the whole of a woman. I want fun, adventure, a woman who isn't afraid to
let go and we can do amazing things together when it's dating. Even the
conversation we have isn't leading to some insecurity stuﬀ, complex and drama.
It's fun. We're not taking things seriously and talking about negative stuﬀ, past
relationships and all that.
I found I am drawn a lot towards women who are fun, adventureous but when sex
happens, it's amazing. It's passionate. It's not just sex. We don't even make sex an
issue but joke about it like it is nothing.
Life is too serious as it is. It's stressful sometimes.
So if the conversation is dark, if it's drama, if it's argumentative, complicated and
if it's just emotionally draining, if she's worried what something else thinks, what
friend might thinks, what world might say....I lose interest.

When fun women talk on phone, or text or even message me. It's not.
"Hey"
"what's up"
"Hello"
"Good afternoon"
That doesn't stimulte me to even want to say anything back. It tells me she isn't
interested and she's not showing any emotional intimacy. There is no spark and
when I see that, attraction goes downhill for me.
I think, "What's the point?"
But women who are fun and adventureous are ﬂirting, teasing, and..
"Hey, I MISS YOU! WHERE ARE YOU! Come one. Let's go to bla bla."
Or "I was thinking about you! I'm falling for you ;) Hey I know this great place, to
check out blah blah blah. Let me know. I so want to see and hear from you."
She makes you feel wanted. I don't see this needy at all.
I love it.
She isn't scared to show she cares about the guy, and isn't afraid to be intimate
and being open. She doesn't look at what world thinks but like myself, she is
willing to go for it. She is willing to be open with me and when I am done with
world and hear from her...WOW. Just wow.
I am pumped and ready to go.
We can be serious later on.
First show me why I should even be interested and why I should keep in touch.
Show me you're not like most, worried about the future and past, and what other
people might think.
Not drama, complications and seriousness.
Just lets go and live. Have fun. An adventure.
It's a pity. Most women are boring. Take things too damn serious, Dramatic. It just
draining for me and I lose interest really fast.
Like a rollercoaster...
Dating And Relationships Lyrics By Adam
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

How would a women like to be approached on streets for
dating/relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I do it all the time. All the dates I have been with are from women I have
approached in streets, cafe, supermaulsa and night clubs. So yes, there are plenty
of women and girls who want a man to approach. Plenty.
You'll read thousands online bitching about how no man sees them, doesn't
approach and why is that so. Just google and go to these forums. You'll see
questions from women on Quora asking why men don't approach, give them
attention and ask them out. Is it because they too good looking or because of
whatever?

In anything, you will ﬁnd some do, some don't
Some like titts and ass, some don't like tits and ass. Some like white women, some
don't like to date white women but other cultures and races. Some like police
oﬃcers, some don't like then. Some believe in god, some don't.
You're going to have guys crying and bitching it's all about good looks and being a
hunk, and funny and some who say it's not just about that.
So how do you know then?
Here's how I knew.
I just went out and did it and like always, yes, like aways, most people are full of
shit. What I ﬁnd cannot be done, can be done. What I ﬁnd from women who say
no, I ﬁnd plenty who say FUCK YEAH!
So who do I believe then?
Nobody.
I go and do it and learn.
There are certain things you need to take care of ﬁrst.
1. Sort the mindset ﬁrst.
From this day forward invest in psychology regarding women. Science. Go and
study. Invest in knowledge even on marketing, because that is also about
inﬂuence, to branding and sales. That is also about how to project your own
personal identity in an attractive manner and sales is the skill of selling yourself.
I took knowledge from diﬀerent areas and combined them.
2. Always look your best. You're appearance. Look good always. It goes a long
way. Hit the gym, look after your skin, dress good, smell good.
3. Don't worry about your looks. Yes, appearance in looks matter but you think I
succeeded because of my looks?
Most guys see an attractive women and assume she has a guy or assume she gets
hounded by tons of men. Not so. Many I have approached tell me that their looks
must intimidate men and wish guys approach more often.
And you now know why they don't.
Social conditioning, lots of misinformation and taking what some women and
guys say but you're taking advise from people who never done it. People who
their own perception about this which won't be favourable by the way.
It's like walking up to a Manchester United Football fan and asking him or her
about what they think about another team...they don't like!
What are you going to get as an answer?
Exactly. None of it will be positive.
4. Then approach. If you're unsure how, talk to some coach who does it. A
practical coach in your area or online.
Or do what I did for years, when there weren't much books, any videos or
anything on this. I went out and did it.
Be very careful who you ask for advise and what to take as what can, can't and
shouldn't be done.

People will only tell you what their perception is, and their perception is their
reality. Then what? Believe them? Don't approach?
You want whatever you want in life - go and approach, go and get what you want.

4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay if I wait a week to text the girl I have feelings for?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I see you said you was not going to tell her your feelings in comment section of
my answer. You have changed the headline.
We get notiﬁed when changes happen to healdine.
This is the notiﬁcation I got...

I'll keep the answer as it is below but one change then.
Just pick up the phone and talk to her. If you're so close to her then pick up the
phone and talk to her. It's not a big deal.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------Original answer
Close or not close...don't ever text a girl about your feelings if you haven't dated
for sometimes. Do things like this face to face.
Always face to face.
Second. don't you go oﬀ telling her how you love her and all that nonsense.
It creates awkwardness and it's selﬁsh. That is you're feelings and most guys
think what they feel is enough, for both of them. It's not.
So stop what you're doing for a moment and think.
You do not tell a girl about your feelings except when she has shown interest in
you. That you found out she is attracted to you ﬁrst.
Then, if there is attraction, that she likes you in that way, you STILL don't tell her
you're feelings about love, how you always felt this way blah blah blah.
Instead, you date. You date for a while, you have intimacy and a span of time goes
by. Let's say a 6 month-2 years. Through that time she has now known you more,
ovecome some barriars together, got intimate with each other etc.
Now when you tell her after that span of time and you both gone through the
experiences she has had with you......she will believe what you say and see you as
mature. Shehas evidence in her mind and and also she isn't bothered you have
told her. It diﬀerntiates you from many immature guys.
So do yourself a favour, do not text these type of things. Do it face to face, in
person.
This isn't Bollwood, Hollywood or romance books to confess some feelings
without ﬁrst going through a certain process.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if my girlfriend is looking at my phone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hire secret Ninja's who can shapeshift. Then leave your phone without password
and they will report back after the mission.
Your choice of packages are.
$100. One Ninja.
$500. Two Ninja's.
$3500 5 Ninja's with a dog that can shapeshift into any furniture you want.
Google The Ninja Busters
"We spy on your girlfriend to see if she checks your phone"
1 View · View Upvoters

Should I follow up with a girl whom I met on New Years, had a
fun time with, but ultimately may have alienated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me guess. You was at some party or bar. You got on well sort of together.
You was Tarzan when the drink kicked in. Then afterwards, the drink just kind of
started to wear oﬀ and you was like getting all weird and she was too.
You was like, "shall I? Or shouldn't I? Shall I make a move? Or shouldn't I?"
So you both walk out of the bar or party, walking the girl home and you can hear
the funeral type of music, like death..
DA..DA DADA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAA
It's cold between you two. It's awkward. It's so cold you could make it snow if both
of you had superpowers to control nature.
She gave an awkward "bye."
You gave an awkward "cya."
Since then, you was not sure what to think.
'Was she into me?"
'Was she not?'
'Did she like my ass?'
'Did she see my boner?'
;)
So now you're in this place we call stuck and you're not sure what the hell to do. It
is a simple action..
Contact her and say hi, and take it from there.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I went on a movie date and when there were more people than
expected, he said: "next time we need to watch a boring movie".
What does he mean by this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two month and you haven't kissed yet, and he takes you to watch a movie?
He needs to craft his logistic skills real bad.
There are two places to never go especially for initimacy, touch, kissing, building
more on attraction and comfort.
1. Movies.
2. Resturant.
Typical average guy with inexperience in dating or understanding about
escalating, mood and logistics regarding dating.
However, for a conﬁdent guy, believe, he won't give a damn who is looking
anyway. He'd just kiss the girl he's with.
Just kiss him or you'll be waiting for xmas by time he does it.
10.6k Views · View Upvoters

Which is the best Hindi poem you have written? An English
translation must be provided.



https://www.quora.com/Does-content-on-Quora-need-to-be-written-in-English

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the best poem you have ever written? (Hindi/English)?

SHY GIRL , WILD GIRL
They say you’re shy
Your socially awkward
When people say hello
You just pass them by
--------------------------They say you’re quiet
Always silent
You got nothing to say
You’ve always been this way
--------------------------------------Shy Girl, Shy Girl
They don’t know you...the way I do
Wild Girl, Wild Girl
I’m falling for you
-----------------------They say your stuck up
That’s why you’re always alone
They say I should give up
I’m wasting my time with you
They say your rude
You don’t speak up
You don’t even try
Baby, don't you cry
----------------------------Shy Girl, Shy Girl
They don’t know you...the way I do
Wild Girl, Wild Girl
I’m falling for you

-------------------------------------------Just cause you don’t talk
Doesn’t mean you got nothing to say
I know you listen
In your own way
If they just took the time
They hear what’s on your mind
They don’t know you
The way I do
Shy Girl
Wild Girl
I’m falling
Falling for you
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I made a mistake I compare my past to my present gf and I've
hurt her and now we broke up. Is it possible that she will accept
and love me again?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you've been projecting your own insecurities, comparing the past with her,
then it is emotionally draining. I know it can be for me, when I get women talking
about something in their past, comparing things to how it be now, and projecting
their insecurities onto the existing relationship.
When that happens, I let the person know how I feel because it does make you
feel shit because what one wants is intimacy, focus on them not the past, not
what might happen bad in future but positive, or comparing to others.
She must just had enough of all that talk, and it hurt her and it made her feel
emotionally drained and shit.
So it will be very diﬃcult for her to get past this and might not trust you. She
might feel you haven't changed and won't change. Most people repeat these
patterns over and over again until they get some help or wake up.
Work on yourself ﬁrst.
If you have had past bad experience or good, leave them in the past. Don't project
experiences of past or insecurities into the conversation and relationship you're
in. It's a turn oﬀ and it hurts.
At least you know what you need to sort out.
Work on yourself now or the pattern will repeat itself again.
509 Views · View Upvoters

How should I give a girl a gift if I don't talk to her that much?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't buy gifts to girls who I am not dating. Sure, if it's a friend and it's her
birthday, maybe but a girl I am attracted to...no way. Not until we date, got to
know each other, become intimate and all.
Doing that sets the frame on how she sees me. A guy who is trying to impress her
with a gift even if she asks for it.
And if a girl comes up to me asking for me to buy her something, and she isn't
even dating me, emotionally investing and time, that's already telling me to stay

well away from her.
BUT....if you approached her, talked about going somewhere and asked....she like
something from wherever you're going, well, you need to approach her now, talk
and give her the gift. Don't make it complicated.
Just go and talk, and give her the gift.
10.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Michael David

I'm starting to like this girl more than my girlfriend. Should I
make a move?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't make any move until you ﬁrst break up the relationship you're already in.
Of course, with touching, behaving this way with the girl at work, you will grow
with feelings. It will happen because right now, she's new, fresh, the grass is
greener on the other side kind of thing. She's diﬀerent to girlfriend you're with. It
feels more exciting.
I hope you look at what's going on in your relationship ﬁrst. See if you just need to
sit down, talk, communicate and rekindle what you have.
Because this pattern can repeat itself with the co-worker too and you meet
someone else, and suddenly you like a new girl.
However, if you feel the relationship you are in is over, then make it so. Don't lead
the girl on. Always be honest.
I am always honest no matter if it turns oﬀ a woman or not. I have to be open,
communicate my feelings, thoughts and so, if it bugs women, well, it does. Then
the relationship we have isn't that strong enough anyway.
So be honest, talk to your girlfriend, break it oﬀ if that is the case. Make sure it is
100% clear that she knows this is over.
Then approach the other girl.
Step back for a moment and think carefully before you do. The moment you take
action, say these words, it is not easy to take it back.
Don't be like the guys and girls who break up and then say..
"Oh I wish I didn't. How do I get my ex back."
So step back for a moment and take time to decide.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Do you believe in love at ﬁrst sight? Why or why not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do believe in love at ﬁrst sight?

I believe in being attracted to a woman ﬁrst.
Love then becomes something gradual as I get to know her more and she gets to
know me. As we become comfortable with each other, overcome certain barriars,
become intimate and sexual intimate.
The love part for me takes time.
It's not a word for me to throw around just like that because I suddenly saw an
attractive beautiful woman. Nor say it so easily.

Certain things need to happen which also includes trust. I cannot trust a woman
on ﬁrst sight and I cannot love a woman I don't even know.
Maybe if I was younger, a teenager I'd call it love or whatever they call it
nowadays but not now.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a shy man likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you ﬁnd out if a shy guy likes you when you are a shy girl?

The problem here is like most women and guys.
They always look at this MASSIVE picture. They are thinking about how to ask
person out for a date, if the person will like them, if they are good enough, if the
person will be this or that, what to say, how to say it, how to make it into a
relationship, how to get intimate, to sex.
All this is going in the person’s head.
It’s called over thinking.
When all you got to do ﬁrst is say hello, and converse.
To show the guy you're approachable. Forget asking him out. Forget the big
massive picture. First emotionally connect with the person.
Instead of thinking of the bigger picture.
So smile, walk over, without thinking of the BIG stuﬀ and just say..
"Hi, can I sit here?"
Then sit and say, "I've seen you around and was curious, what's your name?"
Socialise ﬁrst.
Let him open up you to slowly. Your smile and being sociable brings in a positive
vibe and removes awkwardiness.
One step at a day.
The next time you see him, do same and talk more. Show him you are interested
in him and you are facinated by him.
That’s one of the things that makes a woman irresistable to a guy but if all you do
is what most do, well, you just like most. Invisible.
The next time you see him, do same, just talk, get to know each other.
Slowly but surely he'll see you familiar and be able to talk with you.
14.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Uvi

As a woman, how can I get girls interested in my male friend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's called Pivot. Google Men using Pivot for dating. Or Povit dating to see how it's
done. The idea is a woman approaches ﬁrst and strikes a conversation which
makes it feel safer. The walls go down a little.
Then after a while the guy walks in and she introduces him. Then they all get
talking and he slowly with skill gets to know the woman. If all is well, he gets her
number and so forth.

This is done a lot in night clubs and other settings too.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it hard for guys to approach the girl that they like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A.
It's because of years of social conditioning. The environment we live in has hit us
so damn hard as so with girls too, that we lose so much belief in ourselves. Before
girls, we go through a transformaion in which our minds get fucked by the
environment we live in.
From the smallest incident to bullying, negativity from others around us,
mainstream media and also we see the world as one frightening world. Moreso
today than ever before as the fear now is big in world.
On top of this, the social conditioning about how women perceive men, how to
approach and not to by mainstream media, by books we were brain washed with,
movies and so, we will one day approach girls and get a lot of rejections.
All this and more hits our self esteem.
As we grow as men, we ﬁnd so much double standard in society that approaching
women can be very diﬃcult.
So now the guy is stuck in a world of fear and confusion. He really has got no
damn clue about women at all. Not a clue.
And women have no fucking clue either with their dumb cue, signalling and the
social enginnering that hapened regarding sex....creation of modesty and shame.
Lots of bs in their head.
Much of which, if I see it in the approach or red on their proﬁle, or facebook, or in
their speech....I will run as far as I can from such women. Cannot stand the bs of
insecurity about sex and making it such a big deal we cannot even talk openly
about. It's ridicolous.
So you now have double standards about sex and approaches women do i.e. sub
commnication which is confusion at it's best...but that's their natural way in
approaching. Or shall I say conditioned to do it this way.
For majority of guys these signals will go way over their head. For majority of
guys the conﬂicting behavior of most women is also confusion. You will have
already expressed much of the bs in which they follow brainwashed concepts
about the sex rule, the 3 day rule and all that.
So a guy got a lot of shit to cut through. He too has lots of things to sort out in his
head and unfortunately, most guys take years to get it sorted.
Some never do and rationalise like some women that they will wait for the right
one, who sees their personality and...anyway...they focusing on their career.
Anytime a guy sees a girl/woman and likes her, and wants to approach his brain
will go like this..
Brain - DON'T DO IT!
Guy - Why?
Brain - You will be humilated, embarrassed. She will reject you.
Guy - But I like her. I like to ﬁnd out more

Brain - No! Remember how you went for it last time when riding a bike? See how
you fell, hurt yourself. remember when I told you not to stand out but you did,
and you got humilated by bullies who noticed you? Remember how some girls
laughed at you when you approached them? Renmember the last date you had
who fucked you up, cheated on you, because your a wuss, a loser?...
That's right....YOU ARE A LOSER! SHE IS OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE. So don't even
bother.......LOSER! Or she will humilate you, reject you on spot and you will get
hurt. Look at people around her. Look how it's not the right time. Look how busy
she looks. She's in her phone. She isn't smiling,. So you're intruding her blah blah
blah...YOU LOSER!"
In nanoseconds, really fast, in an instant all this is played but it comes out in
emotions. He feels it and all the memories of what pain is, and what rejection
feels like and that every growing need to be accepted, validationed, needed, loved
suddenly stops him to approach the girl.
He rationalises that she's out of his league, it wouldn't have workd out anyway,
and it be too much hassle dating the girl anyway.
I could have easily just said rejection.
However, a lot of things we don't take to account which I've mentioned above.
So a guy may like a girl but the pain is greater than the pleasure. So most of the
times, human beings take the least resistence.
Fear consumes them.
Assuming what the other person might think, do when it's not really based on
facts. It's based on their assumption and all then programming in their mind.
The fear for the guy is real. It really does hurt and can be a major blow to the self
esteem. Only way for a guy to overcome is social anxiety therapy.
To get oﬀ his ass, do little steps to approach ﬁrst people for socialising. Get used
to approaching people to ask for directions, become more fun and keep added
more challenging tasks until he starts approaching girls.
And for girls to be more approachable.
To not send signals but at least smile, learn to be approchable with eye contact,
smile, and even say hello.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't women just stick to YES or NO? 1st time I asked her
out she said "maybe". 2nd time I received an "idontknow". Is
she afraid of awkwardness?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First don't approach her ever again. She has had her chance. That is it. Personally
if I get any answers like, I don't know, maybe, then it's over.
I'm moving on.
I am not into women who cann't be decisive. No matter if it she is interested or
not.
What I see happening here is she is not sexually attracted to you. She doesn't see
that in you. She's not into in this way.
But...

She feels awkward trying to say truth and believe me, you will ﬁnd most girls are
like that. They hate saying...NO. They have done so many a times with guys and
these guys will persist. Has no self respect or options by approaching other girls.
I mean look now....
You still didn't get a yes from ﬁrst time, and second time, and YET, you still go
and approach her. I guy with self respect would be done on the ﬁrst step and not
wasted his time ands just approached someone else.
Second reason which I don't really bank on is she's can't make decisions straight
away. She's indecisive. If that is so, a guy needs to see what he must do ﬁrst
BEFORE he approaches her again.
For example, you hit the gym, you dress awesome, you're dating other attractive
girls and so the Preselection trigger in girls mind kicks in. Now she wants to
compete because now she sees you as datable, valuable yada yada yada
But then you are going to play some game which mate, I am not assed in doing. I
really can't be bothered with it when I know I can approach another 20 women
right know and one will say yes. I will date,get laid in a god damn week and walla!
New awesome relationship with a fabalous woman has started.
Third reason could be, you're not good at ﬂirting, teasing and be fun ﬁrst before
approaching the girl. So you're approach might be kind of boring and doesn't
stimulate her emotions to show her the reason why to date you.
So take my advise..
Either it is a FUCK YEAH! Or...move on.
Anything else, where girl says.....like I don't know, maybe, or whatever a girl says
that isn't a FUCK YEAH is a FUCK NO.
Don't try to be a therapist or a psychic.
It's a waste of time.
Follow this advice and you will never waste time on girls who isn't into you or is
an attention seeker.
322 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Chung Siyang

Dating: If a girl sends cues to a guy that she's interested in him,
is it a "turn-oﬀ" if the guy does not respond to said cues?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well here's the thing. If men didn't know she is giving cues which by the way will
be the majority of men - then whether she gets turned of or not, doesn't mean a
damn diﬀerence to the guy.
So, she can be turned oﬀ, turned on, yada yada yada.
The only one feeling dissappointed will be the girl herself.
Be direct with guys.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

He dates other girls but he doesn't want to date me why? (Even
though he is constantly ﬂirting with me)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That means he's not interested in you in a way to date you. He's just ﬂirting with
you for fun. Since you know he doesn't want to date you, why are you responsive
to his ﬂriting and not bother with him?
Why are you spending so much time thinking about him, hanging with him and
not even asking him out?
He may have said that but have you asked him out?
Because he's a challenge. The Preselection attraction trigger. That other women
pursuing him and he can choose who to date. It would have been so diﬀerent if
women weren't into him, and you weren't into him and he was chasing you. But
this is not the case.
The funny thing I found is when I was single, women didn't give a shit.
Moment I upped my game, meaning my social skills, my physique, hitting the
gym, wearing great clothes AND..starting dating women, and keeping my options
open.....suddenly women want to know.
The thing here is, it's not really about why he does it.
The question is why do you still spend time with him if he's not wanting to date
you...OR...why haven't you just asked him out?
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sarah Jones

I got rejected by a girl that I thought liked me. Now it's so
awkward because I have several classes with her. What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is always speculation. Listen to what yourself rationalising that there's
something there with her interested in you:
She was trying to repress her feelings for me
If she was really into you, believe me, girls would dump their guy and say yes to
other one. It happens a lot. She wasn't into you. You misread and really, you don't
ever look for signals because this is what happens.
You don't approach a girl to ask her out but ﬁrst to engage, talk and see if she is
dating someone else. It's easy to ﬁnd out if a guy converses with the girl and
checks her out to see where she's at.
Just either apologise or don't make it a big deal.
Nothing else you can do.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I work with sent me her number without asking for it and
asked me to text her mine. What does it mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why don't you just ask her!
Where is your balls man. Just ask her why. Show some conﬁdence. Don't just send
her your phone number either. Show her you got standards.
Ask her why.
How do we know why she's asking. It can be for work, for anything. We won't
know. So just ask her why.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Why do girls respond to my OkCupid messages but fail to
followup?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You may look ok for women to respond to your message proﬁle but you're social
and ﬂirting skills might be very weak.
They probably ﬁnd you boring and you're just a guy with ok face, and smile but
when it comes to other qualities needed to demonstrate a high desire and need to
continue the conversation....they don't see a high reason to do so.
Attraction is there for only a split second but then it goes to Zero after they hear
more from you.
So something is going wrong in between when the actions happen.
You're either boring. You have no experience with women and you approaching it
in some logical way. I say logical because the ﬁrst thing you say here is this..
"I have a successful career and a handsome smile I got from my parents"
You're thinking this is the only thing but it is not. It may attract attention but you
need to know how to work it to keep the women's attention, to lead to phone call
or text and lead to the date.
Unfortunately you haven't got the experience and skill to do so. Maybe the vibe
you give oﬀ later is a nice guy, that respectable gentleman boring guy.
I won't know because I don't see the conversation process or what it is you're
doing through the initial process.
Also remember, there are many online just for attention and nothing else.
359 Views

Is it abnormal to not like female singers who just show their
naked body as a mid 20s male?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is normal? Normal to who?
I hear this word like it's something most people love throwing around like they
want to be accepted, validated and accepted.
If you like female singers who don't show their body, good for you. That's your
perception, what you like and want. Done.
I personally like seeing women who dress provactive, sexy, when they sing and I
don't give a shit if someone doesn't like that. In fact, when woman with me, they
dress with short skirts, cleavage showing. I like it.
578 Views · View Upvoters

I can't ﬁnd the girl with whom I took Basic Logic three years ago
and the college won't help me, but I deeply miss her. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, there is a lesson there but also a solution. The ﬁrst is, next time, for pete
sake, approach. No excuses man. No fucking excuses. Approach, pull her to side,
say hey, excuse me, whatever but take action.

What's point waiting and waiting until college is over?
World is massive man. Big. She can be anywhere and college isn't going to give
private information. They'd get sued.
If you know the college, if you know her name, then do some search on Facebook.
Problem with Facebook search, it kind of searches to whoever is linked with you,
so it doesn't do much to expand.
If you do ﬁnd her, don't go all Romeo. Just shoot a message..
"Hi, I don't know if you remember but I was in the same class, blah blah. Is it the
same (her name)?"
That in itself can be seen a little creepy but as long you say whete you saw her, in
same college and clss, then maybe she might just say hello back but don't hold
your breath.
What I also see, is you mate haven't got much options. It looks like you are not
that good at approaching women. So your pool of women, is ZERO! Since it is, you
fantasize about this one girl.
Get out, socialise, party, approach other girls and move on even if you're looking
for her. Move on and approach other girls because believe me when I say this, you
need all the experience you can get.
For now, make sure to always take action.
Don't wait until it's too late. Time is never on our side on these matters. If you
aint checking her out, someone else will or already have.
397 Views · View Upvoters

Why does a man give lame excuses instead of rejecting a girl's
confession directly and clearly? Does he play with her feelings
or does he want to keep the option open?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's not into you that much. If he was, he would take time to know you more.
He's lead and be proactive in not just dating you but takng extra steps to really get
to know you but he isn't.
You're not his prioriy.
So what he does, if he doesn't like conﬂict, awkwardiness is he avoids it by not
telling you straight. Instead like most women do to guys, he says he's busy, he has
deadline, working a lot and how he can't go out wih his friends.
A man who is conﬁdent and not into you does not make lots of excuses. He just
says he doesn't feel that way with you and stops dating you.
He doesn't lead you on.
5.3k Views · View Upvoters

I saw my crush being cute with another girl, but he kept looking
at me. Does this mean he's trying to make me jealous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn't really matter. It's game on. If he doesn't know you're interested in him.
You haven't made it clear and asked him out - he can do anything he wants. If he
knows you have a thing for him then he might.
But we don't really know.

4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it alright to ask out a girl you've never talked to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but here's how I do it...
1. I see a girl I like and approach. So her looks got my attention but it's not
enough.
2. I ﬂirt, tease, converse and see what she's like.
3. If I like her personality, if we click, she has no issues, then I ask her out.
Notice where asking her out is.
It's not in the beginning. There's a process. Any guy who is a worth his salt is not
gong to ask a girl just because she has a cute face, great ass and tits.
A) He wants to know if she's type of girl who isn't drama.
B) He's going to ﬁnd if she's a girl he can socialise with too and have fun.
C) He's going to be fun, ﬂirty, tease and not make it serious.
If he ﬁnds it's all ok, then he asks.
If he ﬁnds she's a psycho, control freak, got lots of issues, drama queen...then he
doesn't ask her out.
12.9k Views · View Upvoters

Men, it is possible for you to try to make a girl jealous, if you
don't like/ fancy her?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Jan 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it is possible. One of the most powerful attraction tools is Pre-selection.
Where when you're single as a guy, none take much interest in but the moment
you have attractive women chasing you, it's a diﬀerent ball game.
Other women notice you and may compete.
The problem is this..
If such a woman is inﬂuenced by this, then she isn't going to take you for who you
are. She is pursing you because of the other variables that triggers her
unconscious mind. Social status, what's happening around you, what other
people see in her if she's dating you, and all the rest that comes with it.
So it is possible. It can be done but...I won't do it.
Especially when it's a woman I'm not attracted to. No point really. I got better
things to do with my life.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

My best friend pretended to be interested in someone else but
went for a girl he knew I liked in secret. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's why I never tell anyone about who I like. Instead I keep it to myself and
approach immediately.

What you did is probably liked some girl, had a crush, like most teens do. Then
went to tell your friend all about it.
And waited some more.
So much so, the door was open for your friend to pursue and it doesn't matter if
he pretended to like someone else.
If you didn't approach this girl, and if you friend didn't...someone else would
have.
As for your friend...he isn't much of a friend. Don't trust him. Distance yourself
from him and this time, don't tell anyone anything about who you like.
Just go and do.
If she is still not dating anyone or not dating your friend - go and approach her.
Ask the girl out because if you don't, well, someone else will anyway.
427 Views · View Upvoters

I told my crush honestly what I feel about him. That his texts
make me happy, that I like looking at him and that I miss him.
Does this make me look desperate?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it's not desperate. What you're doing is what most girls/women haven't got
the backbone to do. Scared to show their feelings but what you're doing is being
honest, authentic, showing transparency and there's no games.
You're a go getter and you're not beating around the bush. Like going back and
forth, being scared, not taking risks and all that.
You just need help on one thing.
Saying what you want to happen.
When you're texting, when your messaging private messages, when you're talking
face to face - one thing you don't do is leave room for assumptions.
That's why guys like myself are direct.
We don't leave rooms for assumptions in mind of woman. We say what we mean
in more detail. We behave in a manner that's shows our intent very clearly. If it is
questionable, it's not our problem. It's the other person's fear and insecurities.
Guys are goal orientated.
So how do you do this, no matter it is with texting, private online messages or
when you approach face to face?
3 Simple thoughts to make clear..
1. I like you
2. Why I like you
3. Let's meet (the what's next or what you want to happen)
So if I take yours we'll see this...
"Hey, I really like you, liked what you text and love looking at you. I think your
attractive (or cute). I'd love to meet with you (name the two options of days)."
This is very clear to the guy for him to now take action.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

What message should I text to a girl who I have feelings for?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whatever you do, don't do what so many typical guys do and start texting in a
serious way. Be fun, ﬂirt, tease.
Text needs to be fun and leads to goal to date.
Use what you know about her and anything else to use as a role play.
Example..
You - Hey, it was great meeting you too but I need your help
Her - Yes?
You - Secret agents have stolen the pic of me and you.
Her WHAT? Nooooooooo!
You - They said, our mission, if we accept it, is to go out together for a drink and
chill, at (place) and on (time and date). And they'll give it back.
Her - LOL, can we make it thursday instead of tuesday
You - The HQ has replied. Yes we can but we must ﬂirt, kiss each other to throw
oﬀ any enemy spies. Make it look very real.
Her - And we'll get the photo back?
You - Yes. Meet me at 8pm. Make sure no one is following
Her - LOL. See you there. You're crazy!
You - We have to be to beat these spies ;)
------------------------------------------------------------------------So be fun. Don't play romance in a serious way. Use role play to paint what might
happen but also make it anything as an excuse. It's less awkward for her and for
you too.
You'll meet with smiles and when she does meet, act like a secret agent spy. Wear
some shades LOL. Take her on some adventure...cafe....then walk...visit diﬀerent
shops kind of thing.
Instead of sitting on ass for hours. Make it an adventure.
Make sure to touch a lot like it's part of conversation and kiss later on. So when
you see her immediately say..
You - Kiss me. The spies are watching.
She'll play along but she knows you're using it as an excuse anyway but it's fun.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Say you're inexperienced in the dating world and a girl you like
asks you out, would you say no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Far too many men and women think too much about inexperience. They live in
this place of fear and insecurities. How does one get experience?
They grab the bull by the horns and go with it. That's how.
So of course, I'm going to say "FUCK YEAH."

I like conﬁdent women. I like women who know what they want, go for what they
want and not back and forth.,..meekly...scared...confused.
So if a woman asks me out and I am attracted to her I'm not going to let anything
stop me from saying yes.
You don't get experience by saying no and making all kind sof excuses.
In fact, I'd say for any woman and man, that if someone approaches you and they
are experienced too....learn from them. Say yes, and go for it.
I ﬁnd it refreshing to hear a girl has approached a guy.
Whoever she is, if it's true - I raise my pint of drink to her. Well done! It wasn't
easy for her to do so and yet she did.
It's a refreshing change.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I keep seeing signs everywhere that reminds me of my ex. It
feels like the universe is messing with me. I'm sure my ex hates
me too. Thoughts?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, the universe is messing with you but it's not that kind of universe.
The universe I'm talking about is yourself. You see what you want to see. You
need to take steps to move on. It's not going to happen if you keep doing the same
things over and over again - and - hoping it will change.
Your universe - the brain needs some help and at this moment in time, you're not
helping it. You need to disengage, make no more contact, delete all text, no more
texting, stalking on facebook or instagram.
Anything that really feeds the stories in your mind which later projected in the
world you are living in.
You need to learn how to move on and give time to heal, and remove yourself
from this "hope" you and the ex gettting back together.
So yes, the universe is messing with you.
You're the universe.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ﬁne to get married without the intention of having kids
and not discussing this with the girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to deﬁnitely say you don't want children way in the beginning before
you get really serious. Way before this.
And don't let someone dictate to you or the women you date that you're wrong in
your thinking of not having children. Most people always want to try to mould,
shape, frame the relationship to something else. Make you feel guilty but really,
when they question...it is their fear that's being projected.
Has nothing really to do with you.
So don't be afraid due to fear of loss, that she will walk away and all that. Say
what you want way before it gets serious.
If you don't want children say so.

This includes, if you don't want to marriage, then say so.
That way you both know exactly where you stand and if whoever you date tries to
push to this direction, remind her again and again, and again.
Until she realises, either to accept you as who you are or leave to ﬁnd someone
who does want whatever she wants.
She might still date you and all, but later, in future, maybe 5 years later or so, will
leave to date someone who is more compatible in regards to wanting children.
417 Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell a guy I like him but don't want anything that
serious?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You'll see it in bold but thought I'd show the conversation from start. Imagine I've
approached a woman and...
Me - Excuse me, I know this is a bit forward (pause) but I was walking to bank and
I saw you. I had to come over to say you're attractive. (pause) Hi my name is
Adam? Who are you?
Girl - Thanks. I'm Lisa (not her real name)
Me - So lisa, what can I do in this city. You look like someone who knows London
very well.
Girl - You're not from here?
Me - Just been in london, and though I do go out with friends, I still feel there are
places I need to check out.
Girl - Well, there's....blah blah, blah. Then there's blah blah blah.
Me- We should check these places out together. Sounds like you know London
quite well.
Girl - Yeah, I've been living here for sometime now. I'm orginally from Brazil.
Me - Awesome. Lisa. It was great meeting you and I love to continue this
conversation over coﬀee. I'm not looking for anything serious, still dating,
having fun but I like to get to know you over coﬀee. There's a great bar call
(name).
Girl - Yes, I'd like that.
Me - Here's my phone (we exchange numbers, ﬂirt a bit more and I go my way.)
8 Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl (a friend) if I could kiss her, and she said, "Yes," so
I kissed her. Is she expecting more than frienship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me put it this way. In the beginning all you cared about is what you want. You
wanted a kiss. You wanted to kiss her because you're attracted to her because if
you are not then why even bother.
So you knew what you wanted and now you're asking, what means, and if she
wants more than this?
Do you go and ask all girls who are friends, for a kiss?

If I am kissing a woman, I know what I want and I know that I will want more as
in dating etc. I am showing in my behavior that I don't want to be friends. I want
more.
You showed you want more.
So the question is, what you're going to do next?
Know that ﬁrst and then if you still want to date her, continue with her like
nothing has happened and see her response.
But know what you want ﬁrst. Be sure of that.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I have this girl on Facebook but haven't met her yet. Would it be
weird to say I started to get feelings for her without having met
each other yet?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not weird at all but don't focus on one girl. Have options because as time goes
by you might be wasting time on someone who hasn't backbone to later meet.
Flakes is what we call them.
It's very common to have feelings for someone online when chating with the girls
but until you meet her, until she too shows intimacy and opens up, until she
emotionally invests, and meets you, half way....you won't know for real.
She shouldn't be a priority and you shouldn't be so concerned and sad that she
doesn't one day show up. Instead, you got options, you're living big in your life,
have purpose, doing things and chatting to tons of women as I do.
That's why I'm not concerned if one or whatever don't show up when time comes
in future or present time. Stay real with this than building some ﬁctional fantasy
story in your head due to photos and conversation on Facebook.
The problem is when guys talk about how they love a girl from seeing a photo and
online conversations. She hasn't done anything for a guy to say such a thing.
Nothing has happened for a guy speak of such words.
You haven't met yet. You haven't dated, spent time together face to face, touched,
intimate face to face and sexual, and a time span gone by doing so.
You still won't know her and she will still hold back a lot, and she will still be
afraid, uncertain, has doubts and ﬁguring it all out.
So until you meet face to face....try really hard to ensure you don't emotionally
investing too much in regards to love and all that.
Stay in the reality mate not fantasy.
Keep your feet on solid grounds.
If you do that and keep your options open you'll do ﬁne.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How can I be okay with being in an open relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You cannot be ok about it because someone wants it and you don't.
I'm always transparent to women about what I want and how it's going to be.
Then they need to decide if that's for them or not. If not, great. Move on. If yes,

great, let's talk and move forward.
No games. No gimnicks. Yes or no.
I had to ﬁrst decide for myself what I want and since I know what I want, I feel
comfortable. If open relationship isn't for you...then don't do it. Where I am in life
didn't take a day but years.
I have decided on what I want, it's what I desire, I don't care what anyone else
thinks about what I am doing and I am very comfortable with myself. So I then
date women who feel same way too.
You need to know what you want.
You need to know why you want to.
If open relationship is not for you then don't do it.
It looks like you're uncertain and that's not the way to go about anything to do
with relationships of any kind.
Take you time and ﬁgure yourself out ﬁrst.
Forget what anyone else wants.
What do you want and why?
Get this part sorted out ﬁrst and you'll have clarity.
All the best.
505 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend left me and all her friend blame it one my
cheating. She later changed her story, and wont talk about it.
Did she just want to end it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whether you cheated or not cheated - understand, no matter if she is wrong or
right...her friends are going to support her. Her friends are not going to like you
anyway because to support her.
That's her friends and that's what they do.
Second, whatever her story, it really doesn't matter. So if it wasn't about her
friends or how you cheated, then it doesn't really matter.
She's not into you anymore. She is not attracted to you anymore and its over. You
don't pine over her and over think about why.
She isn't the future and nor the present anymore. Move on.
We won't know what is in her head or the full story. It doesn't matter. Move on.
470 Views · View Upvoters

How is it possible that my girlfriend and I love each other, but
aren't right for each other?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In the beginning it is attraction. It hits you between the eyes and as it does, your
brain will make many assumptions. It's why I say to people is to not wait, looking
for signals and creating narrative stories in the mind.
As that's what will happen straight away with building castles in the sky.

Then when you do approach and if all is well, you date, you may ﬁnd you're not
compatible on a lot of things.
But what I've discovered, is you can't bank on love alone. You can't really bank on
infatuation. Example, you saw someone you liked and they look attractive to you.
They got your attention somehow with way they look etc.
Now imagine 20 years later, person changes, in body and all sorts.
There has to be something deeper. That's what I look for purpose, goals, dreams,
values, core values and many things that gets me to really want to keep being part
of someone's life. And they do same with me.
So ﬁrst attraction, and kaboom you're in love.
Then you got to ﬁnd out more of the person at a deeper level. It never really is
about knowing everything before attraction and going for it.
You'd always ﬁnd yourself waiting...waiting...waiting.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

Can I love, with no expectations, a FWB?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You said..
"He loves me but I usually think he's lying, so I am afraid to assume my
feelings for him. "
Are you projecting past relationship experiences on to this one. You either maybe
been dissappointed in past or be in situations where someone said words but
their behaviour was diﬀerent.
Maybe you feel you're not worthy of having someone to say those words and
mean it.
Whatever is the underlining issue, it does come from fear. Fear of loss and the
fear of losing control. That when you do give yourself willing then you feel you
might get hurt because now you assume the worsed.
Like when he says "I love you," you're saying he's lying but you haven''t
mentioned anything he has done for you to assume such things.
And if you feel he is lying to you on something as big as loving you then why are
you still with him? What's the point in being with someone who you believe
doesn't love you and you don't trust him?
I think either something happened in this relationship to think that way or past
relationship or experiences which you are now projecting in this existing
relationip.
Everything in life takes us to have the belief in ourselves and that good can
happen to us. It will take leaving the comfort zone and everyone's comfort zone is
diﬀerent. It will need courage to go for what we want.
Sometimes we get hurt and sometimes we ﬁnd we're glad we did. It is for me,
better to go for whatever it is I want knowing there is a risk, than not trying at all.
It's a risk I'm willing to take.
The thing is, I ﬁnd as a man, talking from my personal experience, if someone is
holding back, whether love, communication, teasing, ﬂirting and I'm giving it all
I got....then it will frustrate in time and I will just move on.
Games, holding back doesn't do much good to relationships.

It only creates division, doubt and pushes those who love you away.
Take the risk. Let go. Explore why you feel that way and let go to love fully.
We don't know what the future holds as we see in all kinds of relationship. But
why not give it all you got in the relationship you're in and see what happens.
1k Views · View Upvoters

A woman asked me out on a date. She is 10lbs overweight so I
turned her down and said she's too big for me. Why is she so
upset?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"Thank you. I'm ﬂattered but I'm not interested"
Something to that eﬀect.
She didn't walk up to you and said, "I'd never date a guy like you." I had that in
one of comments and I'm like, "You think I give a shit. Thank god for that. You did
me a favour. Last thing I need is a girl fanasizing I was interested in her."
So sometimes you do have to stand up but not in this occassion mate. It just
needed a polite no. I do get some women act butt hurt when approached but I
don't let their BS deﬁne me.
745 Views · View Upvoters

If I'm in an open relationship, how can I stop being so jealous
about my partner having other partners?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you're being jelous, then ﬁrst jelous is normal but you can decrease it a lot with
the following steps from personal experience:
1. Understand Jelousy
Jelous comes from fear. It comes from many faces of fear like fearing the
unknown, fearing you'll lose control in the relationship you're in, fear of loss,
scarecity etc.
Since we now know what the jelousy stems from, we need to look much deeper to
unmask it and see where it the root of it is.
2. Why You Fear?
It easy to assume it's just about other partners but if we dig deep, it can be lack of
time giving to the person, more intimacy. Maybe you both work and not working
together to give more time to each other.
You got to ask the right questions. Remove other partners and dig deep to why
you're really jelous. When you know or don't know.....
3. Communicate Openly with Games and Tricks
The most important thing most don't do in a relationship is communicate. Have
you notice how so many on Quora ask what does this and that mean? Or why
their partner, lover, bofriend or husband did this or that?
Like we know all the answers and can read their minds.
Instead of doing that, you'd talk to your partner. Be open, share how you feel,
instead of asking someone else or giving subtle hints.

Many a times I ﬁnd women say one thing to mean something else.
As a man, we need to partner to speak directly, openly and say exactly how one
feels instead of second guessing.
Through years of experience I know what one says and what one means, is
diﬀerent altogether and this makes it very diﬃcult to understand one another.
It's frustrating. It hurts and it's so damn slow.
It can also create a vacumme of mistrust.
Trust is something you don't mess with and it can happen by trying to be subtle,
hinting, playing games so your partner knows what it is you're trying to say. Or
feel. It can damage a relationship and can even put oﬀ someone new who is
getting to know you.
So much of my time is listening alot and asking what is she really saying?
Sometimes I have to nudge, sometimes I just lose patiance because it is
frustrating at times when know your partner wants to say something but they say
something else.
Then the partner gets upset because of what I said.
Then after long back and forth, emotional drainiung, games, tactics, hidden
messages that we're suppose to know how to read....reveals itself.
You see how much we can cut out by being open when communicating?
Transparent and not fear loss?
Be open, let go of all this so you can solve it fast.
I learn much more when a woman is open, when my partners doesn't play these
games and I can also grow, know what to do, help, reassure, see what else I can do
but I can't if I don't know.
So communicate openly, without any sutble hints and games.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend asked me what her attractiveness rating is, and I
said 7. Now she is really upset. What did I do wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Adam, I feel so fat
Me - (turns round, smiles and jumps on her) you sexy gorgeous woman. Come
here!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Girl - Do I look fat in this dream
Me - Show me other clothes with diﬀerent colours
Girl -What about this?
Me - Try other one
Girl - What about this?
Me - Hmmmmm. Try the other one
Girl - This?
Me - OMG!

Girl -What?! What?!
Me - You look Amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazzzzing
Girl - Awwww baby. Thank you
Me - (walks up, pins her to wall and kisses her.
Me - (Phew that was close. Need a cig after this)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Girl - How do you rate my attractive rating
Me - I rate it like this (I kiss her)
Girl - Mmmmm. And my body
Me - I rate that your body is (kiss her longer and holding her closer)
Girl - So no rating number
Me - This is the number (opening her legs, kissing her and lifting her on top of
me)
-----------------;)
19.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend broke up with me to ﬁgure herself out. But, she
cheated on me and is still being intimate with the same guy.
What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 24, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know what you're thinking. There is history there. Your friends love her.
Relatives do, she said it was to ﬁgure herself out.
Nop. These are logic. This is emotional with some sprinkling of logic for her to
rationalise why she did it so.
She said that to you because she knew you'd be like this. Pining over her. Chase,
try to convince her, and so on. She knew if she said "to ﬁgure herself out" is just
another bs terms for "I want to avoid awkwardiness and conﬂict. I want to get this
over and done with and by distancing myself you hopefully be prepared."
Never does work. Best to do a clean break and say it's over so there's no hope.
When you both broke up you needed to move on and approach other women.
So let go mate, move on.
Nothing you say to me here is going to change the fact she has moved on and is
getting to check out other guys. It is what it is.
If you don't let go then believe it will hurt you even more and you will have
proved her right. You can't move. You haven't the balls to and you have no
options in girls dating you.
Move on. The fast you do the better.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a Muslim girl who made the mistake of dating. Now I'm
feeling guilty and want to break it oﬀ, but I know the guy would

be really hurt, as I'm also his one and only best friend. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, See a human being instead of a label.
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You must be going through some shit for sure inside. I understand. I came from
same background as you. Wasn't easy because of so much guilt and all. Very hard
and I had to really be strong in many ways.
You know about music, right, what they say?
Can you imagine then me walking on stage and hearing my songs radio to, and no
one in family knew it was me the songs on BBC radio, and the beats I was creating
under a pseudo name?
The success I had to hide for years.
So I know, what you're going through - the guilt, the worry about mum and dad,
the community if found out, if someone saw you and badooooooooosh!
Suddenly women slapping their faces with woe me stuﬀ.
Like it was dooms day. Judgement day has come.
Like the end of the world
Like reputation comes ﬁrst not happiness of ones child.#
Like hell is knocking on their door kind of drama.
Like..
"what did we do to deserve this calamity"
Like it was some funeral or something.
I had to ﬁght for four sisters, my sisters, one married indian, other married of
diﬀerent culture and so on, and on. I was like the guy with the biggest balls in our
community and relatives.
I had to ﬁght due to being in our community and in other I had to ﬁght again due
to labels in western society, dictated by the decades of social conditioning. So I
was stuck in the middle, battles from both sides.
Double Whammy LOL.
It won't be easy and not because of people, the crowd, community but because of
yourself. You have to look deep inside and ﬁgure out who you are, what you want
and where do you go from here.
Not for anyone, not for your boyfriend, for you. Think for you for now. Take your
time to think for you.
No one can decide for you because you will be living your decision.
So, ask something with yourself.
What do you want?
Just remember.....you're not alone.
I'm not saying it's going to be easy but what I am saying, never think you're alone
because you're not.
It will get easier. The ﬁrst won't be but as years go by, believe me when I say this,
it will get easier for you and this will not break you. It will be your deﬁning
moment of growth and realisation you cannot get from an easy road.

You ﬁnd who you are in times like this.
Just don't think you're alone.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

How old were you when you knew what you wanted to do for a
career? Are you still in it?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was 9 years old I wanted to be many things. I wanted to be:
Songwriter and singer but had to ﬁnd my way to UK to learn english and
sing songs I use to hear on old radio
An artist who can draw and paint
An author who can write stories that are inspiring and practical
A mentor and coach as I like sharing knowledge and give
An entrepreneur who knows how to get it all together as one.
There wasn't any road map back then and well, I was screwed because everyone
around me said I can't do all these - and - no else has done it before.
That was when I was 9 years old.
I had put all my ideas in a like a drawing, hidden it away and would look at it
everyday to remind me where I am going. The day came I ﬂew to England on my
own to meet my parents and the work began quitely.
When in England, for some years...I wondered how would it possible for me to
create, build, put together and sell with speed. To also do so without the much
capital and resources traditional business go through.
Then one day, I got my ﬁrst computer.
The ZX81 and the Commodre 64.
I saw the speed of technology when Apple kicked in. The internet ﬂew through
and I knew, it was going to be possible.
I learnt the skills by diving into working for diﬀerent companies, organisations in
a freelance way, a consultant way and also sometimes as a 9-5 job.
Fast forward..
I am known to be multi-talened and able to adapt to any role I need to achieve the
vision I want. After ﬁnally learning many of the skills including marketing and
internet marketing...I decided it is now time to do the vision.
With a team of programmers I once helped, I called on them and...they stepped
up to work with me.
Right now, I'm working to build all these with within a system and website. All if
which has a strategy, a story to it. With my own art illustated in books, with
stories and practical manuals to solve problems for a targeted ideal customer I
have in mind.
I've held steadfast to the vision...and though there were many a times I found
myself facing many obstacles, I ploughed through. I had to change the plan a few
times, adaped to the changes in the world but the vision has never changed.
When I was 9 years old, in a very poor country, it went like this
Friend - So what is it then?

Me - I don't know. I know I learn all this, put it all together and we be rich
Friend - Yeah but how?
Me - I don't know
Friend - But if you don't know then how you're going to do it
A plane ﬂew above us as we stood on a mountain and I said.
Me - This is how
Friend - What?! Make a plane
Me - No. To ﬂy to England and learn from anyone to do it.
The amazing part is seeing it all come together slowl;y but surely, and soon to
launch in a few months time.
It is better and bigger than I imagined it to be.
And as a journalist from the country I came from asked..
'Was it worth?'
I didn't have to say anything.
I was smiling from ear to ear.
582 Views · View Upvoters

Should I trust a girl who has guys on her tail all the time but
does not want to date anyone even though I make out with her?
What does she want
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She's happy....as she is, right? She's with you, and you're both making out. So
what's the problem?
You see, people want to always try and wrap a label around something. Always
want it oﬃcial or plan way ahead with exclusve, maybe engagement, maybe
marriage with 6 children and a house with a white fence.
Because "that way no one else can have her."
But here you are, making out with a girl and she said she doesn't want to date
someone. She has said so and since she has, that's her. She has shown this from
the very beginning with you.
So there shouldn't be a problem except if you make it as one.
There's no relationship, there is no comittment and thats what she wants because
her behavior and what she said to you....says so.
Probably more than once because sometimes you got to say to person a few times
so it gets into their head.
Respect what she wants and if you don't want...leave.
Find a girl who wants what you want. Done.
381 Views · View Upvoters

How can I leave my current job without hurting my boss
feelings?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You say two weeks? Do you think the manager or boss, will not ﬁre you or anyone
else when they need to, even if you worked for 10 years with the company? Of
course they would.
You're wages are in the expense bracket.
So think of yourself and where you want to go in life. They will understand. It
happens. I'm sure the manager and most who work there did the same thing to be
in jobs and careers they want.
Just be honest, walk up, ask to see manager and talk politely as you hand your
resignation letter.
Make sure you secure that new job ﬁrst.
Nip that in the bud ﬁrst. You've read contract, agreed to terms.signed 100% done,
and you got a letter saying you got the job.
Get everything on paper ﬁrst.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I love this girl and I proposed her but she said NO what should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So, one day, (10 years ago) a friend of mine said, "I told her and she said no."
Me - Eh? What? Huh?
Him - I told the girl I love her, I want to date her and she said no. I asked her 4 more
times. So what do I do?
I could only look at him with a WTF face...

It didn't take long for me to move from WTF to WTF x 5...
Him - But I can show her I am serious about her and wait for one to two years
Me - Are you out of your god damn mind?
Him - But Adam. I love her and..
Me - You don't even know her. You haven't dated her. You haven't been togther
intimately. You're like most guys and women with this big picture of romance,
marriage, 6 children. She said no. 4 times! Once is enough!
Him - But I love her.
Love..blah...blah...love...blah blah bs love.
Don't get me wrong. I believe in it but not in ways most do. Love is like two pillars
apart and by that, I mean...you got to detache from fantasy and real deal. Love is
not enough and what's needed is a consent that also reveals passion, goals,
purpose, values which help a relationship grow.
If you just bank on love then get ready....all relationships take work and love isn't
the only thing you need. You need the other person wanting to work at it too.
I could have given him all the advice I could give but this isn't logic but emotions.
Sometimes you got to let guys get kicked in the face, and then maybe life will give
him a big kick between their legs and....they will suddenly ﬁnd their balls to walk
away. They will ﬁnd their self respect to know what to do immediately.

To move on. Walk away.
You can talk until your blue in the face about walking away and you'll hear every
god damn "but...but...but...what if..but...and ;
"I love her."
"She is the one."
"She will change her mind."
He fell for the Hollywood/Bollywood and romance novels crap. Yes, this guy kept
chasing her like some knight.
He waited for 2 years t and through those 2 years, she was fucking someone else.
Moving from one guy and a few months later to another.
It took him 2 hard years to realise...
She is not attracted to him. She doesn't see him this way. She's not into him and
he now needs to move on.
It took him 2 years and lost most of his friends, his self respect and most girls he
coukld have dated...didn't want to. Especially seeing him pining over this one
girl. He put his life on hold for 2 years.
So if you want to be like this guy, go ahead.
Be my guest.
But a no, is a no. Even if it's..
"I don't know."
"I'm not sure."
"I'm busy."
"I can't because of my studies."
"I'm no ready for a relationship."
"I'm not ready for a serious relationship."
"I am confused what I want.."
When you hear these, it is a no. Move on. Women, girls don't like saying no most
of the time but give these reasons.
But some do say no.
Either way, it is not a FUCK YEAH.
Take it as a FUCK NO.
Move on. Don't believe the hype that there is some secret to turn it around. Well,
there is one.
Move on and approach other women until you get a FUCK YEAH.
Anything else is a waste of your time.
9.7k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend wants to break up with me. What should I do to
make her stay?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - We need to talk
Me - Yes?
Girl - I want to break up. Move on
Me - Great. It was great knowing you
Girl - I mean I want to break up with you.
Me - I heard you the ﬁrst time. Like I said, great.
Girl - But...I..erm. Ok.
Me - Right, got to go to meet some friends. All the best now.
Girl - ????
;)
Time to just let her go and don't wait around, pining over her. It happens. Move
on.
9.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is your opinion about this blog please
theshowjumper.wordpress.com?
Adam Taha, I design strategies, marketing plans and website visuals for creative
people
Answered Jan 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no direction and clarity with your blog. It looks to me you was ﬁlled with
excitement and emotion to just do something online on your blog. You have some
thirst for writing but it has no clear direction for the readers.
It doesn't give the reason for a visitor wanting come come back.
I rarely do this except for clients but I looked at your blog. I've roughly drawn out
a simple wireframe to show what I mean about the 'reason' for visitors to come
back.
You only have a few seconds to grab their attention...

This is just the very basics.
I haven't even gone into anything like strategy,identifying your ideal targeted
customers, the competitors, testing, marketing plan and also optimizing your
website for cash ﬂow.
So here's some questions to ask and think about;
1. What's the purpose of your website?
2. What's the strategy to help you position yourself in a unique valuable way.
3. What's the goals to achieve what you want to achieve? These will be diﬀerent
goals in regards of traﬃc, readers, social media, customers etc.
4. How are you going to measure so you know you're on track?
This allows you to know what is working eﬀfectively for you and where to focus
your resources on the most to accelerate your success.
5. Who is the ideal targeted audience pain, fears and hopes?
6. Where do they hang around online and what do they talk about?
7. What content they want and what they don't want?
8. Are you wanting to make money from this in long run? How?

If you don't want to make money from your blog:

Then ﬁne but even then you need to give it some thinking. If you want people to
read what you write, keep coming back and even share - the message needs some
work. Your navigation needs to be friendlier, and it needs clarity.
It needs to also be appealing in design and userability.
For now, there is no clarity and the image is far too big
The domain name confused me as I thought it was about horses "show jumping."
The navigation isn't friendly, the design needs some work and so do the content.
There isn't a way for your readers to come back i.e. email newsletter optin.
So depending on what you wanted to achieve...think a little more about what you
want to achieve and the readers you're writing for.
408 Views · View Upvoters

We're in a long-distance relationship. He doesn't get time to
talk to me. He always says he's busy with study, with friends,
etc. He hardly talks to me but says he loves me. I don't
understand. I still want to be with him. Should I trust him?
What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Before you decide anything, communicate what you feel. This is the mistake
sometimes most people do - not say how they feel to each other.
They are not open, transparent and saying that they miss the person, they like
more time with the person because (and ﬁll in the gaps and explain).
I'm talking about letting go of "but if I said this then this will happen" or "he might
thinks this or that."
It's hard for someone else to guess how you feel especially when you not together,
face to face. Even emails and messaging and phone can be diﬃcult but it is easiar
if two people do communicate their feelings openingly.
Sometimes the other person, man or woman doesn't know that their partner feels
that way, feels hurt, lonely and so on. Sometimes they are eveb oblivious due to
lack of maturity,
Guys need to hear that. They need to hear the woman is still interest, she is
hurting, she wants more communication but also, always explain why. Let him
know how you feel.
Same goes for woman. Women need to hear that from the guy too without
dancing with words or getting each other to second guess.
Long-distance needs communication, regurlar communication. It doesn't have to
be everyday. It can even be twice a week or whatever both of you can agree on and
allow that time for communication.
I'm busy, writing books, coaching, producing but that doesn't mean I can't put
time away for someone I like and into, who is long distance. No one is really that
busy. It's all about priorities and if you're not a priority then you'll know by the
behavior and not the words "I love you."
I'm also dating other women and I am open with whoever I am dating, whether
local or long distance. Communication and being transparent is the key.
You can tell by the person who respects you, gives time for you, communicates
with you on a consistent reguralar basis. Sometimes one might be busy in a heavy
way. Like I might be launching some business or idea and it's taking huge chunk
of my time that I am exhausted and I will say..

"Listen, somehing has come up. A prijecr I am working on and it's going to take me
away for a couple of weeks, or a week. I won't be able to communicate as much but I
can on this day and this day."
Due to long distance - one can access resourcs, meet new people, do things, and
other won't know the wiser. They can avoid, ignore easily, and sometimes even be
lazy. Thinking all is well, all is ok when it's not.
Now, if you have already done this and he still not putting eﬀort in for
communication, then you need to ask yourself if this is you being attached to a
guy who is not adding much value to your life. If this is but an idea in your mind
that he is really into you. If you want to carry on like this.
Talk to him, be open with your feelings because most people don't. They still
dancing about playing games. Then reﬂect and decide that it's time to let go or
whatever you want to decide.
Contact and talk and then take it from there.
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask my friend with beneﬁts out on valentine day?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That depends on what the boundaries are between you and your FWB. In any
relationship, you know what you want and what other person wants. So, you need
to look at what you both agreed on.
Did you agree on that you will date as well?
Did you agree on being romantics and so forth?
Or did you agree on just meeting for sex?
Did you agree on keeping in touch often or not?
So it will depend on what it is you both agreed on. You'll only know. There is no
harm in asking though. I'm sure you're both open, honest and transparent with
each other that he won't see it as something diﬀerent or weird, or out of what he
thought the relationship with be.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be worth telling a guy I like him when he's going to be
moving in a few months?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. You know what the best part is in a relationship? The thing that two people
go back to all the time....even if though it may not last?
It is that ﬁrst moment in which one person ﬁnds the courage to approach the
person they like and tell them, without confessing love and devotion most
immature people do.
Everything might tell you....it is not going to happen, it's the wrong time, wrong
moment, too far away, lack of money, no stability, this and that - most go on
about.
And yet, you still just go and do it because it's not about the destination but the
journey. Each step no matter what is about giving.
I remember a young girl walked up to me after she heard I was leaving.

I was leaving country and I was young, didn't have power at time. Parents sent
tickets to leave to another country and I also had a dream to smash. As I waited at
the airport with my grandma, I got a tap on back, turned round and it was her.
She said, "I didn't know. I wish I said it earliar but I really like you, you're diﬀerent
to all guys I know. I wish I told you when I ﬁrst saw you."
I listend as she told me other things too.
I thanked her, hugged her, she understood I had to go.
When I board the plane and it took oﬀ, I was smiling, from ear to ear. Just because
she said that to me.
I still after all these years remember her. The only girl who ever has the backbone
to tell me how she felt. No girl/woman has ever done so since. It is always me
approaching and since then, I appreciated her words. I needed to hear them and
it did make a diﬀerence for me.
But I was young, war was about to break, parents sending tickets to ﬂy away and
start a life in England.
So you see....
People remember this part.
You'll remember this part.
I remember this part.
Everyone does.
They tell it to their friends. They tell it to themselves in hard times. They
remember, someone felt something for them and said it.
It maybe, he responds the same but you don't have much time together. No one
knows the future and what might happen.
The point is, someone knows how you felt about them and they will take that
wherever they go. The impact it has on such a person is so big....most just don't
appreciate how little rejection or time span is when weighed against this.
There has many a times, I have approached women, and though it may not
happen, I just said it. I have met these women years later.
I get a phone call.
An email.
A surprise text.
And I ﬁnd something I never thought would happen. How it impacted them to
hear someone saying something like that to them.
They remember.
So do we all.
His conﬁdence rises, his appreciation for good in life opens, his awakening that
someone, somewhere felt that way for him.
For you it is a life lesson of courage, a moment you opened up to let someone
know you are attracted to him, you like him and you wished there was more time.
It is you learning something about yourself by being open.
It's not easy to do so.

But no matter, you maturely understand, you went and said it and whatever
happens next....happens. You're conﬁdence rises, you feel amazing but you also
may feel a little sad.
But there is one thing no one and not even you can ever say about....you.
That you will wonder "what if?"
That you will say "if only I know...."
You will never feel or think "I wish I at least told him"
You will know you followed your heart and just told him in a mature, fun, light
hearted manner.
There is nothing to lose by being open with him.
There is nothing to gain by holding back.
There is a lot more to gain in peace of mind by letting someone know even if
logistic are messed up and timing is not there.
Just let all that go. No one has control over these anyway.
And just approach and say it to him.
At least you'll never look back wishing you said something.
The best part is when all seems impossible, when everything is saying so and yet,
you smile and you just go and do it.
You just let go.
The journey....not the destination.
The journey. That's what you're on right now. A journey. So enjoy it and let him
know before he leaves.
That's the best part ;)
20k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to respond when someone says "I love you"
to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I love you
Me - Which part of me do you love?
Girl - I..erm..well (blush)
Me - My brain, my ass, my legs, teeth, eyes or.....(points grins)
Girl - OMG! Adaaaaaaaaaaaam! You're trouble
Me- Yeah well, I'm not some boring shit am I? So, which part you love about me
huh?
Girl - I don't know, it's just
Me - It's my ass isn't it? (Smiles)
Me - (pause.....pause....starts laughing)
Girl - ....Oh you bastard! You're just playing around

Me - You think? Hahaha. Here,. give me a hug. Come on. I hear a new Fish and
Chips shop has opened down the road. It's on me
;)
42.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should I date a guy who I rejected?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's not the question.
You will ﬁnd the question will be something that goes like this..
DRUM ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLL......
TA TA TA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA....
"Will he date me after I rejected him?"
Ah, now that's a question you're gong to have to explore because none of us, with
our awesome brain, arrogance that blows your mind of how big it is , and let's not
forget.....our sexiness can read that guys mind.
But here's you're delima now.
You had it easy. He approached you and now....you have to approach him because
he may never and I doubt he will, approach you after getting hit with a rejection.
Some guys can't take it. It hits hard for some.
Some guys do persist.
I don't. I just move on and approach other girls. A no is a no. A yes, is a yes. Bye,
bye. I am moving on. Plenty of girls on Planet Mad earth.
So you will now have to do the deed.
Feel your heart pumping.
Your stomach churning.
Ready to vomit.
Wondering if anyone is looking because..
"what if...he rejects me. SHIT. What if?"
You'll never know until you try but just know, non of us on Quora can read minds.
We can't even read our own and control it as much as we love to.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in love with a married woman. What would you do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First she's married and that would have been enough to stay away. You hear all
sorts from husbands and wives's how they tell someone they will leave one day
but don't. Or how they can because of children. Or the divource is getting sorted
out.
Some do but takes so much time, pain, hassle, years of deception, lying, and all
sorts before that happens.
All these and more especially one she told you is nothing more but to use you to
get attention, emotional support and then they go back to their partners with
excitement, arousment to get fucked.

Right now this is you. You're the guy who gives her attention she can't get from
her man. But her man is who she really wants. Her husband is who she is not
going to move away from. Her man is who she REALLY attracted to but she wants
attention, she likes that buzz she gets and you are giving it to her.
Put this and all the emotional investment she has in him and the unknowing of
you, she decided...."nah. I'm going to throw all that away, and go through all the
hassle, divource, pain etc etc."
So the pain is greater than the pleasure.
Walk away. You know what to do. Delete, block, and move on. Many women
looking for comittment, relationship long-term and even marriage later on.
If that's what you want then move on and focus on approaching women who are
not in a relationship, married already.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend of two years just wants to be friends but still
kisses me and acts like my girlfriend. We are now living
separately what to do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Did she say..
"I want to ﬁnd myself."
"I need space to ﬁnd myself without the label of being in arelationship?"
"I just want to be friends..." kiss...kiss.
If yes, then it is because she now wants the freedom to fuck the guy she saw. Two
years with you has spiralled down and wants something else. The attraction is
gone and she prefers something else.
She prefers to date someone else...she may have had her eyes on for a while.
And with you, probably, keep you're needy, desperate ass on standby because she
knows, you're a nice nice nice nice guy, going nowhere in life, hasn't got his own
place AND you'll always hanging on to the hope she will be back.
Sure, she might even come one night for you to fuck her.
Now if that's what you want and you're ok about it, well ok them.
If that's not what you want then best you need to have some boundaries, make
sure she can very well not bother seeing you again....and...ﬁnd your balls to
approach other girls.
But before you do approach other girls...
Hit the gym. Sort your life out., Find a purpose bigger than girls and I am not
saying girls should not be part of your life.
You might have let yourself go and not paid close attention to attraction which
should never dissappear. For example, not be lazy, looking after yourself, hit the
gym, always bettering yourself, have money, own your shit, own your life and be a
man who stands on his own feet. Putting eﬀort in the relationship and not wait
until it gets so bad....the girl looks for attraction and comfort somewhere else.
The problem with most guys is they too busy pissing about playing computer
games, comics, or whatever as their life, health, clothes wise, passion slowly dies
and girl wants THAT GUY she met the ﬁrst time. The guy who is attractive, looked
after himself when he wanted to attract her.

So maybe, the problem isn't just her.
Both of you were lazy.
I'd see it as a lesson and move on. She's not attracted to you anymore,. She wants
to explore and she's seen a guy she's interested in no matter what BS nonsense
she has said to you.
Move on and get your life sorted.
If you got depression then go and see a therapist. Get your life in gear and move
on. Your future..IS BRIGHT. It is...if you put the work in,.
164 Views

How can you prove to another person that you are real being or
existence as he or she is?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The moment you even try think that way and do that, you're screwed. That's
where you're seeking validation, acceptance, to be liked and get a response when
you need to just be you.
You're probably rushing things if it's online or if face to face, then you're probably
playing safe to please the person.
I'm not going to worry about such things because it's just fucking useless.
Either we click in beginning and she has maturity to understand it takes time to
build comfort, trust and all that - or she can fuck oﬀ with this game.
It's simple.
The person is interested or not. If yes, then we move forward and getting to know.
If not, and I hear about not trusting and all that, and proving...then I'm not going
to bother. The isnecurities is then not coming from me,
But from the other person.
So no, I am not going to prove anything.
She can look at my life, we date, have fun, none of this bs seriousness and get
with it to get to know each other.
That is all you can do.
Just work to build comfort, take interest in the person, ask questions, be open,
transparent and not cold. Be intimate instead of platonic.
Don't play safe as this confuses the other person to wonder if you're really
interested or you're just nice..nice...and probably just be friends.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Is it disrespectful for my friends-with-beneﬁts partner to have
a similar FWB relation with my best friend behind my back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah, I see where you're coming from. I understand.
I have diﬀerent partners and that's alright to do so. You will see in fuckbuddy,
people have more than one person they are sleeping with, sex. We had
boundaries and we agreed on them.

What's happening with yourself is she broke the trust. She lied and worse, She
went behind your back with a friend you...know. Double Whammy!
If this happened to me, it be over.
I will stop the relationship with her and so, we won't meet anymore, there will be
no sex or relationship as a friend. I can't trust someone like that. Explain why. She
lied. Deceiving. Going on what has been agreed.
She lied. Done.
So don't be confused.
Know what's happening and this...right here...is what's happening. Don't let her
start feeding you some BS. This right here is what's happening.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Aiham Alkaseer

Can a person express through music their love towards her
boyfriend or girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As a man, we're simple when it comes to this.
1. Walk up to your man while he's doing something. Maybe making a cuppa or
he's cooking, or he's doing whatever.
2. Wrap your arms around him
3. The whisper, "I love you."
4. Do not look for a response. I so hate it when woman say they love you and
expect you to say it back, and if you don't, something is wrong. You say it because
you mean it and nothing else you want back.
5. Stroke him i.e. as you embrace, stroke maybe brush his hair aside or his
shoulders and kiss. Even if your behind him. Kiss him on back, head, wherever.
Let him see you smile, eye contact, lower your head ike your embarrassed,
cute....when he turns round and walk away.
The eﬀect is...priceless.
He may not say anything back.
He might say something back.
He may just watch you walk away and sigh without you knowing.
Deep down he knows you mean it because you didn't look for some response. You
just wanted to say it. To give.
You don't need music, this or that.
510 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend told me that he thinks a woman should not forget
that she is a woman and shouldn't be in charge in her
home/family. I was oﬀended by that, but should I be? Am I just
being silly?
Adam Taha, I hear a lot about feminism when drinking tea at the cafe
Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

SHORT VERSION..
You're not being silly.

This his value system and it's seems not yours.
He has now exposed his true core values to you.
Decide the type of life and relationship you want.
Then take action to move towards what you want. It's your choice.
...........................................................................
THE LONGER DETAILED VERSION
You're not being silly but I'm going to come from an angle in providing a solution.
That's his value system. It's what he values and believes. Anyone can call or label
to whatever they want.
It doesn't change anything.
So we focus on solutions in equipping you with the tools.
How?
By helping you to ask the right questions...
What is your value system?
What do you believe?
What do you stand for?
What is your boundaries?
That helps you to ask the right questions with dating and relationships..
What type of man you want?
Your core values is what's most important to you. They are like a GPS or a
Navigation system to help you make better decisions. They are not perfect
because there are other things to learn.
However, they help you deﬁne how you want to live your life. It helps you to pin
these values down as your guide. They help you to know how people should treat
you, what you want in people and what you don't want.
They will automatically attract certain type and push away certain type of people.
Being honest with yourself is going to go a long way.
They help you ask the most important questions.
1. Who am I?
2. What do I stand for?
3. What I won't compromise?
These are like you being a company. They are not your terms, your policies, your
regulations and the world can fuck itself for all you care bvexayuse you're not
aiming at attracting every man but one you like.
Like companies don't go oﬀ tryiung to aim at everyome.
They are willing to say no. We don't do that but we know someone who can. Go
and visit their business or website.
It gives you the strength to say NO if you feel something inside you is telling, his
hurts, this is not you, this is not what you want and no, god damnit, no one can
treat me like this. NO, NO, NO!

But your value system also helps you to say Yes, Yes and Yes to what you do want
with courage and with belief in yourself than fearing stigma, what society sees as
taboo and what some like to dictate to you.
Some of your values will be good for you. Some will be a problem for you. Some
will speed things up. Some will slow you down.
Some will change over time as you grow as your perspective in life changes. Some
will stay as they are.
AND some will be challenged by people you meet, whether oﬄine in your daily
life and online on places like Quora, and other social media channels.
You was challenged when he said.,.
"A woman and shouldn't be in charge in her home/family..."
There are times in your life that you will be inﬂuenced, swayed by other people's
values, maybe embrace them due to fear or they connect with you. But
sometimes you will refuse, begin to grow to strengthen the values you have.
Maybe even adding more to prevent such things happening again.
We are always growing, learning, discovering new things about ourselves. It
needs courage to then apply and live them.
WHERE DO THE VALUE SYSTEM COME FROM?
Lots of channels of inﬂuence. From our own environment, where we born, our
upbrining, who brought us up, education, who we associated with, books we read,
magazines, newspapers, tv, political culture, beliefs and even right from the
lineage of diﬀerent generations that came before us - ancestors.
We have learnt what is acceptable, what isn't, what is shame, modesty, and what
isn't from history, people, school, college, and on and on it goes.
So don't be surprised, that what someone else says.... is not what you believe and
embrace. Also don't be surprosed to thinkg you're being silly bvecause that is
what most people want ypu to believe.
The ones who like to sway you from your values.
Your values are diﬀerent to your core values.
They go much deeper as they shape how far you're going to for example, support
someone who is ill. The career you're going to take. The path of your business and
how it is run.
The way you treat people in he relationship we're in.
They WILL be exposed.
And the boyfriend through time, has now exposed his TRUE CORE VALUES to
you and it is very unsettling for you.
Because when you met him, he only showed you what he wanted you to see.
But as time goes by with people, you will discover a pattern and a pattern they
cannot hide. A pattern that repeats itself time and time again,
Why?
Because that is their deepest desire, what makes them feel safe, what they want
and the control they want in their life.
You are feeling this way because...
It is in conﬂict with your core values.

Imagine working in a job but the company is run with values that conﬂict with
yours. You work with people who you don't like, who rub you wrong way and if
you will feel shit and maybe get ill if you don't get out.
You might be unhappy, feel stress and worry a lot.
It hurts your performance.
But the emotional investment and the fear of the....unknown....is stopping you to
apply for another job bvecause you might think you're not worthy of it, you are
not good enough and lack certain skills.
That this is the best it can get for you.
Can you imagine, living, day to day with someone or in a company, 24/7, and not
being aligned to your core values?
It would eat you up inside.
And it's starting to.
That's why....you're not being silly and I thought answering in greater detail can
help to open the window more and help you more in your life in present but
also....in the future too.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when my crush intentionally and openly
compares me to her ex boyfriend? Should I show that I don't
like it or just stay cool?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - You know you're like my ex-boyfriend
Me - Before you go any further you need to know something
Girl - Yes?
Me - Never talk to a guy about your ex-boyfriend because I am not that guy, your
friend, pal. I'm the guy who dates girls. So, any topic with me about exs best you
share that with someone else, like a friend, like the guy friend, or girls your friend
with, your mom, dad, sister, brother. I'm none of those.
Girl - Oh I thought
Me - It's cool. But best you leave such topics to other people you would never date
and fuck. I'm not one of those guys. I'm a guy who don't like girls who talk about
their ex, or jelous girls, drama types. It turns me oﬀ. I like a girl who has some
sense not to do these things and I believe, you do have smartness not to do that
with me.
Girl - Sorry.
Me - Oh shit! I forgot!
Girl - What?
Me - It's FISH AND CHIPS TODAY! Come on. You ever tried Uncles Fish and
Chips?
Girl - No, but I want to
Me - Come on then. This one on me. Next time time on you
Girl - Deal. LOL

-----------------And so the legacy of this story was past on from one generation of guys to another
;)
2.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hubert Ten

This girl and I like each other. What is a romantic way to ask her
out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Romantic. You can walk right up her and say..
"The ﬁrst time I saw you, I thought you're gorgeous, a goddess. I knew from
something, fate has brought us together. I brought these ﬂowers too to show you how
I really want to take you out because...I....have...fallen in love with you."
And she will look at you and smile, and then think..
"WTF is wrong with guys these days. He doesn't even know me and he is trying all
those romantic stuﬀ. Bloody creep. Are all guys these days chumps or what?!"
So forget romantic. Forget all that you thought would work due to movies,
hollywood, romance novels.
If you like her, confess nothing about love, devotion.
Just keep it fun, light hearted, nothing serious and approach to ﬁrst tease, ﬂirt.
See if she got the sense to know what that is or she's insecure. See if you really like
to date her csuse you might ﬁnd she slobbers when she talks, spits all over when
she talks, giggles like a trumpet, or farts in front of you, or whatever.
Or she's a complete psycho or drama queen for all you know.
If you ﬁnd "Yes, I like her personality, she's sociable, I can see I'll get along with
her."
Then ask her out.
So make it clear you're attracted to her.
Make it fun, light hearted.
Then ask her out and if all is well, exchange numbers and get it sorted.
Keep the romantic stuﬀ well away mate. Leave that when she gets to know you
really well. On dating, assume she is your girlfriend.
Don't play it safe. Treat her as girlfriend.
Friends don't hold hands, kiss. Girlfriend and boyfriends do.
You want to date her not walk about like friends with hands in your pockets and
she's wondering..
"Is he into me or what? Shall I make a move? Or wait for him?"
Happens a lot.
Just read questions on Quora.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that when I'm interested in a guy he happens to be
married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about this...
Me - Coﬀe?
Girl - Yes, coﬀee
Me - So tell me you got a boyfriend, married?
Girl - I'm married
Me - Oh look, is that Lisa? I'll be right back.
I even got one for girls already with a boyfriend..
Me - Coﬀe
Girl - Yes let's go for coﬀee
Me - So tell me, got a boyfriend married?
Girl - Yeah, I got a boyfriend..BUT..
Me - No, no, no. No buts. Have a nice day. Coﬀee on me.
Then there is this...
Me - coﬀree
Girl - Yes, coﬀee
Me - So boyfriend, married?
Girl - I'm Bi and me, and my girlfriend like you
Me - Ok then. WAIT! What did you say?
Girl - I'm Bi and me and my girlfriend like you a lot
Me - Milk and sugar
;)
.....................................................................................................
This is the great thing about qualifying process.
I make sure I know this early on and it saves me from emotionally investing time,
eﬀort and later ﬁnd out woman has already a partner.
Even if I am attracted to person, I moved real fast to ensure I didn't emotionally
invest too much.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if I love a boy, but I am not sure if he loves me
too?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I'm a guy in love with a guy but I don't know if he is or even likes me or not?

Most guys fear rejections and so, most will not approach and say they like you.
Secondly, love is a big word. I see many say they love so one so much and a week
later they fucking someone else.
Or they be in a 4 year relationship and call it love, true love but they got ideas to
leave partner to sleep around and have some fun etc.
If you are the one who likes this guy, do yourself a favour.

Do not confess love and instead, approach in using words such as "like, attracted
to."
I won't believe a woman who comes to me and says "I love you" which she has not
dated me and got to know me in that way...which by the way..includes sex in
every poisition. To overcoming challenges together and a time span together.
If that hasn't happened I'd think she's oﬀ her rocker, immature and will not trust
her feelings towards me. I'd think she easily feels that way for guys.
So relax. If approach the guy, tone it down.
That's only way he's going to know you are attracted to him but it doesn't
guarantee he will say yes. Only he knows. So approach.
Most guys won't approach due to fear of rejection.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my gf starts liking someone else and she
wants breakup with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I like someone else. I feel...
Me - I do too
Girl - WHAT? HUH? WHO IS IT?
Me - You're sister
Girl - You can't do that
Her sister - I can like and fall for whoever I god damn please
Girl and sister - Arguing. Plate throwing, Crying. Screaming. Family crisis.
Me Thinking -Right, leave them to it. I'm free. Fucking fantastic. Oh look. Street
full of sexy atrractive girls. Awesome
;)
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know there is someone for me?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That is the wrong question to ask. You're coming from a dark place of insecurities
and that is due to fear.
The question you need to ask...
"What am I doing to attract someone I like to me?"
So let's look at it shall we and you tick or not.
1. Do you go out to ﬁrst mingle with people, socialise with lots?
Plenty of places to go that is of your interest and also organisations like meetups.
2. Do you see someone you like and approach them, and even rejections happen
you keep moving forward and approach others?
3. Do you invest in social skills if you're skill are very poor and go out and take
interest in other people.

4. Have you hired a dating coach or invested in learning psychology about girls,
women, men and understanding human behavior?
5. Have you done so consistently day by day, week by week, year by year?
6. Have you written down the type of person you like and what you don't want?
7. Have you sorted out the boundaries, the line you don't cross over and the other
person, whoever they maybe doesn't cross over? And you're gong to stand up to
your values and boundaries without fear.
Now look at the list and ask yourself honesty, without giving me excuses about
looks, size, height, and challenges etc and say..
"Have I really done enough?
Or even started to do something?"
Because there is no soul mate, the one, the right person except what you think is
right for you
And you go out and do what is necessary without compromising your own
values...and boundaries.
Focus on the solution, on what you're going to do rather what you haven't got.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl hangs out with me too much in social networks but never
speaks when in front of me, does that means she is in with love
with me?
Adam Taha, I use social media
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Reading your question, I see you have been stung by the notion that this is
somewhat love, romance. You began to create a picture in your head..
...with her...but not really her...

Take the romance, the heart thumping illusion, the movie of dancing in the rain
while everyone singing it's love...out of this picture and it's suddenly turns
into...well...nothing.
Just some girl socialising online posting and sharing.
You see, for most chumps they see a girl posting online, maybe facebook, maybe
istragram and guy's brain goes like this..

When really this is far from what is really happen but the mind is now creating
tons of fantastic love stories.
And if the girl knew, really knew what is going inside then head of some guy she
don't even know or does know it will creep her out.
Her reaction will be like this...

The problem is most guys have this idea in their head that whenever something
happens with a girl, it's LOVE. Really it is infatuation. Lust. Attraction.
Nothing has happend.
While she is just minding her business or sharing posts, socialising and all
that....the stories in mind escalates to this....

He will then wonder why she isn't giving him time. He will wonder why won't she
say hello and "I love you to" and "I feel the same way" and "Oh my darling, come
to me." It doesn't stop there.
No my friends.
What happens is, castles in the sky are being built, brick by brick with stories of
inimacy, embraces, loving and it looks like this..

Just when you thought it doesn't get worse, it escalates further. He wonders what
he must do. How can he make this true because he thinks his feeling of love (his
dick) is bigger for the both of them.
That his LOVE will conquer all.
He will ﬁght for their love....

You would not believe the crap people say about love. Yes, some guys and will
even believe this statment right here...

NO! The girl doesn't want anyone to ﬁght for her. She don't want anyone to force
her, to make her believe that someone may want a relationship..MORE THAN
SHE DOES. What kind of BS is this?
The same BS you see in Bollywood/Hollywood movies and romance novels.
This is why so many try and play hard to get.
This is why sometimes guys get a no, they think it's a yes.
This why sometimes girls mean yes but they say no.
God damn it. Get real with this shit.
Yes, I know, I know. Science, survival, evolution, pre-selection, blah blah blah.

But somewhere, far away, behind a screen is a girl who is oblivious to all this. She
doesn't even know the guy in this way.
She just wanted to use the internet, to share, to engage, have fun, probably bored
out of her fucking mind.
Maybe she just wanted to be part of the world because she feels invisible.
Yes, if you suddenly fall in love with a girl just because you saw her photo, or face
in street, or because she's typing away online.....do yourself a favour...
Get out of the damn house and approach girls.
You will ﬁnd your heart ripped to shred. Stamped on, Beaten and then you'll
wakeup to ﬁnd what real love is.
Then you'll appreciate the diﬀerence between infatuation and love.
This is infatuation but hey, don't let me stop you.
You're welcome to do whatever.
It's your heart and your mind you're fucking up not mine.

;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

I ask my girl if she loves me, she says "I don't know", what
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Is she a girl you know or your girlfriend?
If it's a girl you know or don't know, and you asked her that, then you made a big
mistake in doing so. Many guys do his. Typical needy and desperate behavior
which also comes from lack of maturity and experience.#
It is asked like a needy guy who wants validation.
It is asked with mindset of supplication.
It is asked for that yearning, hunger for a response to be accepted.
It comes from a weak position. Fear.
I never ask a girl this. I never ask a girl I like this and sure fucking don't ask a
girlfriend this either. I don't need her validation, acceptance but I look at
behavior not words.
Don't ask girls this question.
If it's a girl you like, never ask this question because it creates anxiety,
awkwardiness.
Instead, you approach, tease, ﬂirt, be fun and leave all this romantism out of the
equation. That should never come into place until she has emotionally invested,
shown interest herself, dated you for a certian span of time, and you fucked each
other, and overcome challenges together.
Then be romantic because then it isn't weird and creepy.
But even then..do not ask a girl "do you love me" like some guy needs her
acceptence, some validation or response.
Do not play the testing game.
You will get burnt becaus you're talking to their...EGO and ego loves to feel
important. Love to think it's better. Love to get attention and drag it on even
when ego is not even interested.
You do that you're telling this girl, "I don't know who I am. I don't know where I
stand. I don't have options. Please....please...I beg you, tell me you like me. Tell
me you love me. Please tell me."
They won't say, "yes."
They will say, "I don't know."
They will say so, because it is ego.
You need to approach other girls and get some experience under your belt. Don't
show aﬀectionate behavior to girls in beginning. Not intil they have emotionally
invested in you and gone through what I mentioned above.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I met online who I really connected with turned out to be
someone I knew, saying she liked me too much to admit her

identity. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you mean what to do?
What is a dating site for?
If girl who you talked to, shown interest online and you she admits to you in your
face....then follow through.
She told you for a reason.
That she's available and so you needed to ask her out, right there and then.
She overcome her fears and the stigma that is still in society regarding women
using dating sites.
So when she said that, you needed to say...
"You know what? Let's go for coﬀee and talk face to face. I am attracted to you but
most of all, I like who you are, your personality and I want to know more about
you."
Now see her response.
If she plays hard to get mate, do not try and chase.
Then there is no reason for you to communicate with her on that site. Take it
away from her and you have a reason to if she doesn't take the next step.
Be a challenge.
However, I think she will like to go out with you but you won't know if you don't
take the step. I am surprised you didn't when she said that.
So why didn't you?
That's what a dating site is for and you now got girl right in front of you saying it's
her.
Was it fear of rejection?
Or....you're not attracted to her. You didn't see her photo online. That's something
mate I advise guys not to do. Investing time talking to girls online and not
knowing what they look like.
So it is you're not attracted to her or you just kind of feared rejection, and lost it?
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

If girl talks to you ﬁrst, but never expresses anything romantic
or tempts you to do anything ungodly, is it safe to say she is not
a strange woman?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Excuse me (smiling, touch on my arm)
Me - Yes?
Girl - You look like James Bond
Me - I do?
Girl - No, but it's only thing that came to my head
Me - LOL. Ok that's diﬀerent. (smiling)

Girl - I wanted to ﬁnd out who you are. You look
Me - Like James Bond (grins)
Girl - I was going to say cute or sexy
Me - Cheers.
Girl - What are you doing now? I was going to cafe and I was wondering if you'd
like to too, or maybe another time
Me - I'd like that. Let's go.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------If a girl comes to talk to me ﬁrst..... without expressing romantic,tempts etc, then
I'm not going to think she's strange.
I'd just think she's friendly, outgoing and conﬁdent.
Sure, I may wonder what she wants and it will reveal itself. If not, well, like most
people who are unclear what the fuck they selling....I will not see anything in it
and just walk away.
You see, contrary to what society thinks...we can't read minds.
Second, men don't pursue every woman.
I know I don't. So I'll speak about myself and not generalise.
I don't pursue every woman....
Even if she's very attractive....
Yes, I love tits. I love ass, I love curves, I love pussy and eating a woman out, from
top to waiste down.
I imagine in every way to fuck her but....after looks...I see something else.
This is her personality, her warmth, her intellect, the way she can converse, her
smile, her touch, her maturity.
AND...
Most importantly...the way SHE TREATS ME.
If I get treated with disrespect...if I don' get the attention I give or more....If she
plays hard to get...then it be a turn oﬀ for me. No matter how attractive she is.
I look at....
Does she make me feel alive?
Can I have a conversation with her about anything rather than just sex?
Is she a woman I will feel alive by just hearing her talk, looking into her eyes,
stroking her cheeks as I hear her life story, her passion, goals, concerns?
If...YES...then I will be interested to pursue.
Pursue not chase. Pursue. Big diﬀerence.
One step of playing hard, it's over. I won't pursue.
Yes, some will keep chasing the gir/woman but I am so busy, got a massive
purpose in life and it is higher than dating, fucking. In fact, the feeling I get with
building my dream is just close enough to having an orgasm with a sexy woman I
be into ;)

Yes, I am high sexual but I have boundaries.
Don't think most men who talk like I do is going to fall for very woman with
pussy, tits and ass. We have boundaries. Terms. Conditions.
We got options.
So just because a woman approached me, doesn't entitle her to think I will
pursue.
Just because she's a woman, with tits, ass, curves and pussy....doesn't mean I
want to get to know her, date her and fuck her.
Just because she talked to me, doesn't mean attraction until....I see I am
attraced to her and not just with her look but other things.
Just because she talks to me...doesm't mean that this symbolises attraction. She
need to god damn be direct and tell me, "I like you, I am attracted to you. I want to
know you."
All it will mean if there's no attraction..she's friendly, she's got awesome social
skills and it's great to see anyone who is that conﬁdent.
Not strange.
Not weird.
Just a refreshing change.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Would it be okay to ask the girl I like for advice on auditioning
to music schools, if she is doing it herself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you're doing it to impress her and to get close to her then opinion openers are
one of the weakest of approaches. They lame as hell. Very ambigous and do not
show true intent.
I say this because you're saying "a girl I like."
And to me that means your intent is you're attracted to her and want to ﬁnd out
more to date her.
If you like her - then be clear in your intent.
By approaching, saying you saw her, and you had to walk over because she's
someone you'd like to go, and she's sttractive. But good looks are so common
these days and you want to ﬁnd out more over her.
You have revealed your intention...
1. You like her
2. You're attracted to her
3. You want to ﬁnd out more about her than her looks
4. You're seeing if you REALLY like to date her while conversing.
Then you converse, ﬂirt, tease, be fun, not serious and see....if she's type of girl
you'd like to date ﬁrst.
If all is well, and you see she responds well, shows interest back....ask her out for a
drink, coﬀee. You have made it already clear in the words you have used and
behavior that this is not about hanging out but going to be a date.

Because the ﬁrst step, is where most guys mess up in.
Give you an example...
If I approached a girl and said..
"Hey, you're a musician, so am I. You play the trumpet huh? Great. Blah blah. We
should hangout one day over coﬀee and get to know each other."
It's not clear and if I like her, it's not honest either. It already throughs many
obstacles in my way.
But if I approached by being congruent and said..
"Excuse me, (SMILE AND PAUSE) I was just walking to class until I saw you. I had
to come over and say you're gorgeous. Hi, my name is Adam. Who are you?
(SMILE as I reach out my hand to shake hers).
Another example..
Let's say date happens but...
When you do meet her you don't smile much, you're worried and all about
impressing her. You're not conﬁdent to embrace her, kiss her on forehead and
take her hand to lead. So now you set the tone and let her dictate it as platonic. It
causes confusion with her and you.
Those who do not do this are fearful of rejection, up the ass of whoever they are
dating and think playing safe is the way but...this kills feelings, excitement, heart
pounding.
But if you meet her and you smile, welcome warmly, embrace, kiss her on
forehead, take her hand like it's the natural thing to do, then there is no
confusion. You are congruent, in harmony to who you are.
Now your intent as added another layer. 100% confusion of what this is to her is
over. She knows what it is.
It is very clear and the obstacles are not there of whether she knows I'm into her
or not. I want to make sure she does know 100% as this shows conﬁdence,
honesty and I am not intimidated by her.
This also removes all the mess most guys let happen like...looking for signs,
signals, wondering if she feels same.
When y ask for number she knows 100% why.
When you meet for dating, she knows 100% why.
And you have seperated yourself from many typical guys who dated her before
you. She sees a big diﬀerence.
That it is sexual attraction not friend...friend hangout.
Always I make sure, near the beginning...I qualify a girl and with great speed to
either ﬁlter her in for me to add more time or to walk away.
I don't want her number if I feel she doesn't qualify. I have my values, terms,
conditions and what I want.
If I don't see it in ﬁrst approach, if I see she's too shy, awkward...some sexual
insecurities, bitterness, spiteful, angry at world, cause me problems later.....I'm
moving on. I decide there not when we date, and in a relationship.
Either it is a yes or no.
Either timining is good, not a lot of obstacles or there is and best move on.

I want to know right there and then instead of doing what typical chumps do is
orbiting around a girl/woman, like she is the one. Or trying to be her friend to get
into her pants with indirect approaches.
So be very clear why you are approaching her.
Because the ﬁrst step, you cannot take back. The ﬁrst step is where you create the
impression of who you are and what it is you want, and if you're that guy who is
gong to sweep her oﬀ her feet or bore her to death.
Moment you take the ﬁrst step, the perception of who you are, where you're
coming from will reveal itself. Make sure it is a perception you create and in your
behavor reveals this..
I am attracted to you. I am seeing if I like to date you. That's why I am approaching
you to say hi.
377 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Connor Stevenson

Do people tell someone they want to stay friends because they
are scared of love?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah no. When I say to women I want to just stay as friends, I mean, I want to stay as
friends. I am not sexually attracted to her.
I just don't see her that way.
Or, I have tried, she's not responding and I ﬁnd some insecurities. Which turns
me oﬀ. It's too slow and just not for me. But I like her company. I ﬁnd she's going
to be great friend. No problem.
I genuinely then mean, I want to be friends because nothing going to happen, the
attraction is now dead from me and no use.
I kind of easily lose interest if the other is not responding, not showing interest,
playing hard to get, or says anything about some guy or ex. Or even have some
insecurities about sexuality. I am going to get turned oﬀ.
So I rather move on and just be friends if....I feel I friendship is there.
If not, I just say I don't see the person in that way and move on.
Now if someone said that and played some game, well, they're not someone you
want to date but I know some, like to hunt and chase.
I don't.
I like to be direct. Mean what I say and if woman says to me, yes or no, I am going
to take it as a yes and no....and move on.
799 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do with my self who is a hopeless romantic girl
with a dirty mind?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't you dare change anything ;)
Nothing wrong with you. I wish there was more romantic woman with a dirty
mind. Some so scared shitless at ﬂirting, never mind dirty mind.
There is nothing to do, change.
Relax.

Here >>>> smoke this.
Good shit isn't it. Yep, it is awesome.
Look in mirror and say, "I'm fucking awesome."
Maybe do more of that.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do 80% of girls twisting their hair like no tomorrow when I
go to the elevator with them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because....
1. They feel nervous. Use it to calm down
2. They feel anxiety. They do it to think of something else
3. They do it because it's a habit
4. They do it because because they are bored
5. They do it because they ﬂirt for fun
6. They do it to make guys look for attention
7. They do it because they think you're hot stuﬀ, and they haven't multiple
orgassm, and don't want you to notice they are dripping wet (saracasm ;)
They do and when they do it, I don't give a shit.
Only time I do, is when I approach or she approaches and shows she's interested
and asks for my number.
Anything else, is just all in my imagination.
And I have a very wicked imagination ;) and proud of it too.
686 Views · View Upvoters

When do I use advise and advice?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Advise
“You should advise them of the risks before you let them make a
decision.”
“My teacher always advises me not to enroll in classes I don’t care about.”
“She advised him to leave before they became angry.”
“He will be advising you on the ﬁrst day of work.”
“She was my ﬁnancial advisor during the trip.”
Advice
“Can you give me some advice?”
“He refused to take her advice, and now he’s in debt.”
“Take my advice and apply for the job.”
“She always listened to her mother’s advice.”
“He took a break from work on his doctor’s advice.”

“You should get advice from an actual expert.”
The source which goes into great detail. Not my blog but I thought it be
useful to read the full page to get a deeper understanding.
Hope that helps to clarify.
All the best with your writing.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop stalking my ex on social media?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I stop checking my ex's Twitter ?

It's not about the only way to make sure he's ﬁne. Honestly, the things people say
to rationalise their actions.
It's because you got this hope that one day he might just call your name, and you
run back to him.
You want to stop?
Read this..
I broke up with my boyfriend, but I miss him. However, every time I'm with him,
it's like I just want to leave. What do I do?
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should I bring someone to the airport with me to meet my
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it was me, then I won't be surprised you brought friends, or relatives. I'd
actually enjoy you brought someone you know.
It's not a problem at all. I would also think you got your head screwed right. So
seeing you bring someone you know with you is very mature.
Understandable too because you haven't met face to face.
That's how he will see too if he's mature and all.
All the best
3 Views · View Upvoters

My gf said that she would cheat on me if I treat her badly. Why
does she say that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

GF - if you treat me badly I will cheat on you
Me - Seriously? You're gong to play that immature game with me. Seriously?
GF - I'm just saying
Me - You don't need to wait for me to treat you badly
GF - What do you mean?
Me - It's over.
GF - But I was only saying..

Me - I don't give a shit. It's over. Cya. (walks oﬀ)
--------------------------This may seem harsh right?
Is it fuck.
The girl has made some excuse so she can cheat! That's her framing what's
coming in the future. You could cough and she use that to cheat. That's her
psychologically preparing you for that moment.
She told you and so, if it happens, well, she told you.
You could have a girl looking at you and she'll go and cheat. You can walk in your
ﬂat naked and she will go and cheat. You can eat with a Ninja style using
chopsticks and she will use that as a reason to cheat.
You can a job raise and she'll see that as an excuse to cheat
Maybe you're an 10 mins late because you got stuck in traﬃc and she uses that to
cheat
Screw that.
It's over.
Gone.
Let the music play on.
Hit the night club fella or streets. Time for a new girlfriend without the
insecurities and bs that comes with it.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

I want to tell a girl my class I have feelings for her what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was snowing. One friend just come from his country and has been for one year
in England. He's freezing his nuts oﬀ because he comes from a very hot country.
Sun...sun...sun.
But that wasn't the big deal here.
No, he comes from the land of romantic movies. I swear, the whole damn village
sits down watching these crappy movies. Love....love...love.
So here he is in same school and he goes.
Friend - Did you see that?
Me - Eh? What?
Friend - She LOOKED AT ME
Me - (oh shit. NO, no. no! This can't be happening)
Friend - Adam, I got to..
Me - NO. Don't you even do it.
You see I just knew. I just know a chump. The moment a guy talks about a girl
smiling, her eyes looking, her head turning and ....
"OOooh...Ooooh, her leg touched mine when I was sitting togeher. What does it
mean?!"

I swear, Justin Bieber must be looking at Quroa and Yahoo Answers and say this
quiet and thought..
"YES! I'll wriote a song with "what do you mean?"
Friend - How do I tell her I love her
Me - Look man. You don't go confessing love
Friend - Hey, if those actors can do it on screen and books and.
Me - THAT'S NOT REAL. Wake up. Get your head out of your ass
Friend - You is just jelous. Ain't it. You want her. Ain't
Me - Ok. Go on, do whatever but don't come bitching back
So he waits for 4 weeks. He hasn't the balls to do anything but it gets so bad, real
bad than he walks right up to her and confessing his love.
I am not far, with some guys and I can see the girl's expression
At ﬁrst it's a smile.
Then it turns into "oh no."
Then it becomes "OMG!"
Then her white cute face goes all red
Then she looks left, right, up and down, don't know what to say and he is still
talking. Telling her how he loves her, how when he saw her for ﬁrst time he knew
she is the one. I am like...
"Oh brother. Here we go.."
She says something and she walks oﬀ. He stands there. Numb.
He turns round and sees me.
Rejection hits him so damn hard but he walks oﬀ.
He learnt a valuable lesson. It took him time to get over it, right?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
He does what most chumps do.
He decides to write a letter.
Friend - She will appreciate this
Me - Bruv, rip that letter. That's like 5 pages, double side A four papers.
I tried to get it and rip he.
He's going nuts chasing me.
I slip on some ice.
Grabs the letter and runs.
And what happens next is me having the headache of him talking about her, on
and on and on.
How she just don't understand.
How he loves her
Blah blah blah blah.

Did he learn his lesson? What you think?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooo!
I couldn't believe it. Well, I could because I've seen this shit over and over again.
It's like seeing the same question on Quora over and over again.
He buys her ﬂowers.
Lots of roses and walks right up to her and....gives it to her with a card he wrote a
poem on. A love poem.
Her friend giggles
She is stunned.
And the answer is, "Hell no."
...................................................................................
What did he didn't get?
Never, ever, approach a girl and confess feeling of love. It's too serious. It's going
to make her feel awkward. She won't know what to do. The other thing is, you
don't dive in to the comfort stage.
You have to start from attraction.
Be fun, light hearted, tease, ﬂirt, as this shows conﬁdence. Of course you do it in a
positive manner. It's not suppose to hurt her but make her feel alive.
When this is done, you prevent her thinking this is some serious shit she is not
ready for but also....you're demonstrating a typical chump behavior that most
girls want to avoid like the god damn plague.
It's like a pattern is in their head and this pattern is ﬁlled with memories of what
to not go for, what to avoid, the type of guy to not date, the type of guy who will
only be her friend, the type of guy who is a lover and the one who will never be.
The pattern also tells her what's a lie.
I mean, "why would a guy come and tell me he loves me, thinks about me, and all
that when he has no fucking clue who I am? It's creepy. I can't believe that. He's
immature. He will ﬂip if I dumb his ass. Go psycho on me. No, no. I am not having
this type of guy. He be like my ex, needy...desperate and he did the same damn thing
and I am not going for it. I learnt my lesson hard way. PLUS my friends told me
that's the guy to avoid blah blah blah.."
But, of you approach not like a typical average guy..
If you ﬁrst approach to see if she really is the one to date....has personality you
like, you click together, she's friendly, not some bitch with her head up her ass,
and you ﬁnd she is into you too....now we're talking.
You have approached in a light fun way, and shown you got emotional control.
You're a nice guy but assertive. You're not approaching her like most guys with
how she is the one but rather..
"First I am going to see if I LIKE to date her. She;'s attreactive to me but now I got to
ﬁnd out more. So I am going to say hello, ﬂirt, tease, have fun and see what she's
like. Then if I see I can be with someone like her, date someone like her and IF I see
she is into me...not playing bs hard to get...I'll ask her out.."
Now, imagine if she is into you and she said yes, and you dated.
Imagine, you dated for 6 months, you have overcome some barriars. She knows
you're a romantic dude because you showed it a little. You have dated, held

hands, kissed, made out, sex, whatever.
Then one day, after months have gone by you say..
"You know the ﬁrst time I saw you? I wasn't sure about you. I just thought you was
atrractive but worriued you was like most girls, superiﬁcial. But then I got to know
you, you're personality, the way you laugh, the passion you got for music, and how
you really talk about things that make sense. I am falling in love with you. Slowly
but surley, I am falling in love with you."
What any girl with sense will think is..
"Wow. I believe him. He didn't tell me in beginning like most guys would to get
into my pants. He didn't try to impress me with such words, letters, roses,
confession of love. He waited to get to know ME. He said it after KNOWING ME.
He means it."
You can now be romantic until your bones hurt because she's now seen a bit
about you and she knows this is how you are.
So step back, relax and do it outside somewhere, not in the classroom.
If she's standing with friends, go for it.
It shows conﬁdence.
Ignore her friends if they act all that.
Just focus on her but work it fast because if you don't make your move while her
friends are there - they'd think you're a chump too.
The girls who are friends will drag her away because you was too slow and
because someone else is getting the attention and call it "protecting a friend."
425 Views · View Upvoters

What do boys think about girls who approach ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'll be like..
Girl - Excuse me.
Me - (turn round) Yes?
Girl - I just saw you and thought you're cute and I wanted to ask if you like to one
day have a drink together. Maybe this week?
Me - Sure. I like to ﬁnd out more about you.
(exchanging numbers)
Me - I'll send you a text and we'll get together this week.
Done.
No delima.
Just its very rare it happens. Very rare.
Hell, just in teasing, most women suck at it.
Afraid to be sexual even in words and playing hard to get. Worried they be
labelled as too easy, sluts, whores, and all the rest you hear today.
But if it happened....IF...then believe me, I would appreciate it. It save me a lot of
fucking time with all the BS games in dating WHICH by the way so many deny

these games exist...when they do.
A guy has to approach many women because he knows, most don't qualify, ﬂakes,
insecure, lots of probably rejections and some just want attention.
It is harder for guys and women who seek this "ONE"
And who fall in love before they even approach the woman. I feel sorry these poor
chumps as they got no idea of the rollerocaster ahead.
So yes, if that happens, I'll think she's conﬁdent and she's diﬀerent than most.
Very attractive quality.
You don't see that happening that much. Very rare.
21.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Julien Gabuya

I am a high school senior boy. I like a girl who didn't show up to
our concert on Friday. Would it be appropriate to tell her this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You like the girl, right? She doesn't know you like her?
Don't approach girls telling them negative stories about yourself. She doesn't
know you that well. Yeah I know you want to tell her the detials.
This is not the time for it.
Instead, if you like her, just approach her, ﬂirt, tease, and be fun, light hearted.
Then ask her out man for a drink and chill.
If all well, exchange numbers.
Get this part sorted. Always get this part sorted before anything else.
Leave what went wrong and all that for another time.
A story you can tell later, much later but for now....focus on creating attraction.
Be fun, be light hearted, make her feel alive. Focus on attracting her, dating her,
for to emotionally invest by dating you, kiss, walk, hold hand, whatever.
Leave the rest much later when you're building.....comfort.
Attraction ﬁrst...not comfort.
373 Views · View Upvoters

I love him a lot. He likes me too. But we haven't told each other
openly. Recently I asked him. He started ignoring me.He just
said that he will marry the girl his parents choose. He says he
dont hate me but he cant hurt his parents.How do I tell him I
love only him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Back away. This is deeper than love and all that.
His parents are involved and if you say, but he can choose you and talk to
parents....then it won't happen.
You're messing with parent's ego.
Knowing them, they already kind of have someone in mind but also, it is about
them making the choice and them alone.
Look, think if it this way.

Imagine you're a marketer and sales rep. You know one thing about people. ONE
thing that if you mess it up, you won't get the sale.
That if they think they are being pushed, tricked, convinced then they'll think it's
not their idea to decide.
The key is it's Their Idea.
That's why most companies use marketing, advertising, sales funnels,
newsletters, ebooks, reports to educate and get the person thinking it is their idea
to subscribe, read and buy.
So you might as well back away.
Also when he says, "my parents will choose for me," he is also telling you, you're
not bigger, more important than this.
So this is a guy who doesn't see you as that important.
He's not into you in that way. He's not really going to do anything about it and
he's not going to bother associating with you if you suggest anything.
So don't tell him you love him and all that.
He doesn't care.
Move on.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How long does it make sense to stay with my boyfriend who
hasn't said I love you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes but what is he like in his behavior?
Does he treat you right? Does he take interest in what you're into?
Does he take you out and enjoys talking with you?
Does he get you to see some sights?
Does he hold your hand, stroke your back, smile and kisses you.
Does he treat you right?
You know, all the 'lot of ways' he does.
You wany lot of ways or are you seeking a response, validation?
I rather have the 'lot of ways' from a woman than 'I love you.' Most say it so damn
easily within ﬁrst year.
"I....LOVE YOU.."
Then wait for guy to say it and I'm like..
"Why are you holding your breath? BREATHE! BREATHE! You're face is going
blue. Breathe."
Some guys and women don't say these words for a long time and we instead use
our behaviour. They show in actions rather than words of aﬀection.
Now if that bothers you, here's what you need to appreciate..
He can't read your mind.

Why...wonder when you can talk with him?
If you don't communicate how you feel and what you want...he won't know.
434 Views · View Upvoters

I met a guy at a party how do I know if he likes me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok. Here's what you do.
You dress up in the most sexiets lingerie. I mean hot witn suspenders. Put your
jacket over it all.
Then hunt him down.
When you see him, open your jacket and say as you point..
"YOU! YES YOU! YOURE MINE MUHAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
Then get your whip out and like Wonder Woman, sling that thing around him and
drag him away. The crowd will cheer you on and the guys will look at the other
girls as if to say..
"Why don't you girls ever do that to us?"
;)
Seriously though, you're not going to know.
I know, I know. Signals, he did that, he did this, he looked this way and I looked at
him that way and so on.
But believe me, these signals frustrate the heck out of guys.
It goes way over our heads.
If this guy is a student, young guy then he will fear rejection and if that is so, then
doing any subtle moves is no good.
You got to approach, ﬂirt, tease, converse, show him you're interest and if so, ask
him out for a drink. See what he says.
If all is ok, exchange numbers and roll with it.
139 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend thinks I can't forget my ex-girlfriend.What should
I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This happend years back with someone else but still...
Girlfriend - Do you love me?
Me - Ok what's up?
Girlfriend - I don't think you can forget your ex-girlfriend
Me - You're right. I can't forget my ex-girlfriend. Like I can't forget my mates at
school. Like I can't forget the bus driver. Like I can't forget most of the people I
know, meet, get involved with and who is a pain in the ass.
Girlfriend - No, what I mean..
Me - I know what I meant but here's what you need to know. That was the past.
This is the present. Do you want to be part of the future?

Girlfriend - I...of course. Yes
Me - Then enjoy the present. You're with me. Not her. You're the one standing by
my side and you is who I am loving and proud to be with. Maybe I don't say
enough of it but I'm saying it now. You're important here not her. You.
Me - One more thing
Gilfriend - Yes?
Me - There's the last ice cream left in freezer. Race you to it..
Girlfriend - Hey that's cheating! Wait! That's not fair.
Me - No, but this is (give her the ice cream).
That's what you should do
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why can't we love anyone else before loving our own selves?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like you to imagine, you don't love yourself. Now think of the things a person
who doesn't love themselves do and don't do
Let's say you have no self respect
You won't value your time, nor have core values and boundaries. You think you
don't deserve better and you think of just settling for less because this is how
good it gets.
Implications
You get walked over
You're afraid to pursue what's best for you
You fear loss.
You're afraid to say what these boundaries are.
You're afraid to stand up to for your values and boundaries
You stay with someone who treats you like shit.
They can cheat, lie and still you come on Quora and ask, "should I stay
with him."
So how can a person want love when they themselves don't respect it?
How can one give love when they don't love themselves ﬁrst?
How can they ever forgive and move on, if they see themselves as shit?
Let's see how it is in application of dating
Imagine you don't love yourself and so, you rely on external inﬂuences. You draw
from outside to feel better than from within.
Ready to please, trying to ﬁt in, seeking acceptance, validation and seeking a
response which all comes from fear.
Inplications
Thinks someone is out of your league.
Fearing rejection because you see somone else's opinion about you as
more important than your own opinion

Lacks conﬁdence. Hesistent to approach
Fantasizing far too much instead of taking action
Always looking for signals, messages instead of facts by approaching
When making contact, it's "shall I text ﬁrst or wait?" Seeking response.
Not honest to show your sexuality
Not honest to say what you want and don't want
When dating, you play safe because you're fearful of being judged, or
annoy the one you date instead of being transparent, showing interest
and if they don't like it...think you're too sexual...then they are not for
you. Move on to next person to date.
Let's look further in our lives.
Imagine it is about career, your future. So this is about you working in a job or
business.
You don't believe in yourself. You think everyone is better than you. You feel you
don't deserve success. You feel you can't handle success. You feel no one would
hire someone like you.
You let where you came from, culture, economy, backround, colour, name,
shyness, and whatever deﬁne you - INSTEAD you deﬁne who you are.
Implications:
You don't look at what you can do
You don't look at solution to get training
You always complain and look at problems
You stay in the comfort zone
You avoid jobs that of higher wage salary
You're always telling yourself you're not good enough
You don't take responsibility and blame someone or something
You ﬁnd yourself in a trap that controls you in your life
You chose a career to please others
You let managers or whover push you around at work
You fear if you do stand up, you lose your job and nothing else is out
there for you. There is no leadership.
I could go on and on but I think that is enough to show as an example that if you
was in a position where you didn't love yourself....how it impacts you.
And how it impacts other people round.
987 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ahimsa Padmanaba Murﬁ

How do I start texting a girl I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't text if you haven't approached her face to face to show your interested in
her and she has done so with you. That way, when you text she understands
you're into her and she knows why, what etc.
If you approached her, and got her number with her knowing your true
intent...THAT you're into her and she is into you...then...

Be fun....screw questions. This is about stimulating her emotions. Building on
attraction.
Don't use text in beginning for comfort, all serious, confessing love and
compliments.
This is attraction stage. Have fun, role play. Don't do what typical guys do.
Example....(I'm not using her real name)...
Start using low investment ﬁrst..,.
Me - Hey, what's up brat. What trouble you're causing today?
Girl - Hey you. Ice skating at Jamies circuit
Me - Brrrrr.
Girl - it' s not that cold. You should come
High Investment text...see diﬀerence. I don't do it until I got good response
and she's investing back and forth texting...
Me - Hey Sarah, Going out with mates. You're free tonight 8pm to check Dan's hot
drinks?
Girl - Yes. I think I'll need a hot chocolate.
This is advanced....and role playing style...
Me- Calling agent Sarah. This is Adam Company…kksssh. Mission to dominate
the world calling Agent Sarah. I repeat: mother bird is in her nest…. kkshh.
Repeat: the patiants are raiding the ice cream store. Copy? Over
(I used patiants because she's a nurse. So you use data you know about her)
Girl - Ksssh...Adam Company...this is agent Sarah :P depending what ice cream it
is. Repeat, what ice cream have they access to?
Me - Roger that Lima Adam. That's 10-28 (loud and clear) Vanilla, Chocolate is in
stock.....ksssssh....Ninja's ready and waiting to go ahead. Give order for
mission...Ksssh Over.
Girl - Kssssh. Send them in to stop them taking Chocolate ﬂavour. I repeat.
Chocolate Flavour...
Me - Kssssh...Agent Sarah, give destination where to deliver and time...Ksssh.
Waiting for mission to deliver. Over...ksssh...
Girl - Kssssh....can I see you tonight at your place? Have chocolate
ready..9pm?.....Ksssh...?
Me - Delta Foxtrot has cholate ready in fridge. Wants a full debrieﬁng of your
enemy engagements tomorrow 9pm.
Girl - LOL. LOL. I'll be there!
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What can I ask my boyfriend to do to prove me that he really
loves me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I want you to prove you love me
Me - You sure about that? Really sure?

Girl - Yes.
Me - Leave.
Girl - Huh? What you mean leave?
Me - Leave, bye, bye, get lost, Be gone. Dissappear
Girl - How is that suppose to prove you love me
Me - Well, they say, if you really love someone, you'll let them go and they'll ﬂy
back
Girl - But can't you do something else
Me - You sure? Really sure?
Girl - I erm, yes, I am. Go on. Prove it
Me - I look at girls asses all the time.
Girl - WHAT?!?!
Me - I even look at the tits too. You know Yoga pants they wear. Man...
Girl - I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'D SAY THAT TO MEEEEEEE!
Me - You said you want proof. Well, isn't this showing I trust you. That's love
Girl - But....but...this is diﬀerent
Me - I'm sharing you something I hide from you
Girl - But...
Me - Ok, you want something diﬀerent. Yes?
Girl - Yes.
Me - You're sure about this?
Girl - Yes
Me - You know that friend of yours? The red head one?
Girl - Yes?
Me - She is so ﬁt. I want to eat her out and fuck her with you
Girl -WHAT DO YOU MEAN?! I DON'T BELIEVE THIS!
Me - Well, isn't love sharing deep fantasies we have? What's yours?
Girl - I don't have fantasies like that?
Me - But I do and I am showing I love you by sharing my deepest secret desires
Girl - Oh forget it. Just forget what I said
Me - You sure?
Girl - YES! YES! I am sure. Just forget what I said.
And that's why you don't ask a guy to prove his love ;)
EDIT..
Below, a comment was made whether this is some wisdom philosphy or a way in
which will make woman break up a man.
So let me explain....

When a woman says do you love me, this is not what she is saying at all. She is
saying, I am scared, I feel alone, insecure. I have doubts about us right now, this
relationship. Don't speak, explain say. Just show me in action because I have
doubts about me and you for the future.
But woman, in all her beauty stll does subtle, indirect and that is her natural way.
Femininty while masculine is direct. Man will think she is asking if he loves her.
See the word "prove."
See the question is indirect too because she is looking for indirect approach and
has not yet understood, that you don't do indirect when it comes to these things.
IUf you do, man will still get it wrong.
He will still answer the question give solutions, rather than a feeling what she
feels. Rather than be aﬀectionate, loving, embrace her, kiss her, let her talk and
listens. And when listen to really....really...listen.
Instead she needed to say..
"How do I come closer with my man. How can I make him understand I feel
alone, doubt, afraid and if we are truly meant for each other."
As what I wrote and how I wrote and on how it will get woman to break up with a
man. No, it won't.
What will is the years, or months of repeatedly ignoring, not listening, not being
aﬀectionate, to also stopping to look after himself, losing himself. If this here was
only thing, well, there was no relationship anyway.
I have done much more than this and women don't break up with a man over
such things. If she does, damage was already done way back.
There is also the other side of the coin women need to know too:
There has been a times when woman online and oﬄine, through private message
click with me and even say they are attracted to me.
But what happens is..
1. They don't talk like I'm a lover but act like I'm a friend. So I get turned oﬀ by
them.
2. They self sabotage in talking about their ex and when reminded, still do. Turns
a man oﬀ and only the desperate will still be needy for her.
3. She consistently talks negative about sex when they haven't yet dated, face to
face, met, got intimate and all. Already asking logical questions and this reveals
to me, that such woen are fucked in heard and damaged. Far too much bitterness,
fear and I feel it so much, that I don't want to know these women.
4. Lack of intimacy. So a woman will not show intimacy in her words and in her
actions. A man will take as much but then...he will pull away. He will say to her
what he feels if he has self conﬁdence and respect. If that scares her, no problem
because no man she dated has ever had the deceny, balls to educate her if he
really cared for her, to tell her honestly, that what she is doing is turning him oﬀ.
That what she is doing in not showing intimacy is getting him pushed away.
So most women too need to do some work as well not just most men.
29.7k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 20 and never dated. Before it was because I didn't want to,
but now I want to and can't ﬁnd a guy that I'm interested in.
How can I ﬁnd someone?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If the "right" type of guy isn't approaching you and only ones you don't want to
date approach you - then you'll need to go further a ﬁeld.
Go where those type of guys are and not just your normal comfortable places you
go to, which probably include not the social circle you're in.
That's what I do as a guy.
I have done my homework, know where the type of woman I want go. The women
who are not sexually insecure, not full of issues and they are attractive to me. So I
go to certain places where they go and I approach them.
If I stayed in my social circle, no chance.
Most bore me in social circle I know and they up their asses with shame about
sex, amature old age playing hard to get nonsense etc.
Can't be bothered with it. See it as backward and very immature. So I go where
the conﬁdent and attractive women I am into go.
So you will need to;
a) Know the type you're looking for
b) Go where they are consistently
c) Be approachable or you approach consistently
I personally ﬁnd, the many attractive guys are insecure. Contrary to belief they
are so conﬁdent they'd approach. Some can but they are so crap about
approaching women it is unbelievable.
I'm an ordinary looking guy and I can walk in in middle of the pack of these guys
and walk away with the woman they try to impress. They got no idea most of
them on how to approach women.
Except if they are real go getters, sporty ﬁgure Alpha types, Busines Alpha types,
Music Hip Hop or Rockstar types - and I mean masculine, don't give a damn what
society thinks of them. Those who got experience in these matters.
So if you don't get approached still after doing that...well...you need to ﬁgure out
how to attract them or approach them.
956 Views · View Upvoters

I've been dating this girl for a couple weeks things are getting
serious but she says she's not ready but I am what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is not enough information and so I can only assume what has happened.
You probably went full on and so fast with comfort instead of atrraction. You
played it very safe. You were giving her so much time, texting back and forth,
really hammering with comfort...romance...not escalating because you was
scared to lose her.
You was scared and wanted a relationship,.
But you see here's the thing....
You have only been with this girl for a couple of weeks and you're already
choking her with the nice guy serious relationship.
What's your damn hurry?

You think a girl becomin part of a serious relationship is going to stop her leaving
to fuck someone else? It's not.
You're already talking about serious relationship when you needed to get other
things sorted out ﬁrst.
That she is emotionally invested in you.
So what did you do, for that to happen? Did you do all the giving? Did you do all
the chasing? Did you do all the comfort?
Did you do all the building of attraction? Did you play it safe and didn't escalate
and just acting like some gentleman and all that nice...nice...guy?
What did she do for her to emotionally invest in the relationship for you to even
think about a serious relationship?
1. Did she have sex with you, multiple times?
2. Did you both go on holidays together?
3. Did you both date for 6 month to 2 years?
4. Did she invite you to meet her friends?
5. Did she invite you to meet her relatives?
What did she did to tell you....she is ready for a serious relationship and it is just
not all about what YOU want?
You feel me?
That's what we want to see in the description detail with your question.
What did you do in your approach?
What happenened next?
What made you think you build on comfort and leave attraction phase so
early?
You probably was also so slow in escalation, being nice guy, texting back and
forth a lot, trying to meet her more often, not a challenge, too available and most
of all...PLAYING IT SAFE.
Hammering it so it becomes a....serious...relationship.
And when she came to you, saying she is not ready for a serious relationship, you
went full on neediness mode and used logic.
She tried...to...convince her that she does want it.
That there is something between you both.
Instead of being a man and saying..
"Hey, it's ﬁne. Great to meet you anyway. Bye."
BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
How many girls meet guys who say that to a girl who says stuﬀ like that?
1% probably out of all the chumps on this planet.
She is saying...she is not into you in that way and that is because you didn't focus
on attraction much but far too much comfort ﬁrst. That the attraction that was
there is now gone.
Comfort....comfort....comfort.

So much so, I don't think you even escalated because..
"I want serious relationship, so I can wait..."
Yeah?
Two weeks of that she thought..
"Meh. Nothing going to happen here with this guy. I'll make him just my friend."
It's not that she is not ready for a serious relationship mate.
It is because she doesn't see you sexually attractive anymore for her. She doesn't
see the guy in head is you. She thought it be you. She doesn't see a relationship
with...you.
She doesn't want to date you anymore.
The..
"I don't want a serious relationship" doesn't mean that.
It means, "I'm not into you anymore. I don't want to date you anymore. I just
don't feel it with you. You're too nice. Too romantic. Too serious and I don't want
that yet. I'm not going to get what I want from you. Maybe just be friends.."
But then again...
All this is just assumptions as there isn't much details with the question.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How does it feel to be an old man knowing someone who is 40
years younger than you, superior than you in everyway?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy - I'm 40 years old, young and superior.
Me - And I have done all that, worn the shirt. But... I have an idea
Guy - Yeah? Like what?
Me - With your abilities and my forthsight we will rule the world.
Guy - Alright! Where do I sign
Me - Right here. Welcome to the mastermind group of learning from one another
;)
809 Views · View Upvoters

He loves me. Found out he liked someone else. Says he doesn't
anymore. Wants to marry me but don't feel like I'm enough for
him. Should I forgive him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do you mean, he liked someone else and she shot him down, and said no. So he
thought he'd go back and see if you're still available...
Then settle.....just settle....with you?
You can forgive him, upto you.
But seriously.....he's not ready for marriage. Not even close. Not this way anyway.

You're probably seen by him as a standby.
Like "when all else fails...for now..." be with you.
Until "something better comes along" kind of thinking.
You have doubts already and that also says, you're not ready to marry this guy. To
ask strangers about such an important questions, reveals a side of you that
doesn't believe in him.
The trust has been broken and now you're unsure, don't feel certain and safe that
being married right now with this guy....is a healthy smart move.
856 Views · View Upvoters

Why did the girl I have feelings for, give me a framed picture of
us together?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means she is getting ready to murder you in the most horriﬁc way possible. The
photo is for you to take to the grave when they bury you as a reminder of how you
was too slow to approach.....and ask her out.
Watch it now.
She is plotting and is waiting to pounce on you when you are not looking.
Probably starts with your legs or arms. Or...;)
............
On a serious note,.....we don't know.
Ask her.
I cannot assume. Maybe she's a friend. Maybe she wants more. No one knows
until you ﬁnd your balls...if she hasn't chopped them up already...and ask her out.
See if she is interested in you and her having a coﬀee together.
Flirt. Tease. Be fun. Show your interest and ask her out.
That's when you know where you stand with her.
763 Views · View Upvoters

My Indian boyfriend wants to tell his very traditional parents
about us. I am a white American. Does this mean he's serious
about us?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Everyone. Please standup for this guy. Salute him. He has balls to do this ;) He is
very serious. Ok, we got everyone set up on Quora...
Band ready? Check!
Conductor ready? Check!
Vocals of 100 people ready? Check
Ok...sing the anthem...
He walks through the valley of death
Holding, holding his breath
What tales of wonder or horror

He walks through the valley for you
Ooooh (EVERYONE NOW)..,
He walks through the valley of death
With a skip and a Ho Ho, he does
What will his parents say
Nobody, nobody knows
Oooooooh.,..(EVERYONE SING LOUDER!!!)
He will plead his case for his Love
He will explain, as she says "for us"
Like a man ﬁghting beasts in our village
He will ﬁght until it is enough
(Add people dancing in rain, with indian music, some colours being thrown in
the air. You know, Bollywood style with a twist of commerical dance music :P
PS...
Be nice. I wrote the rhyme from my head in 2 minuite ﬂat.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

I'm currently an 18 year-old guy, and I really like this 19 year-old
girl. Is this normal for a guy to like a girl a year older than him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Dude. She's one year older than you.
Why you so worried about what society thinks? Society is kind of full of people
with own perceptions. What is normal?
I don't know what is normal mate. Normal can fuck itself for all I care.
All I care about is this..
Is it legal. The law. If it's legal. The law says..
"She is of legal age so ﬂip middle ﬁnger to society cause they can shut it.."
Then awesome.
Now do you like the girl? = Yes
Is you and her of legal age = Yes
Then there we go.
Now if her father is a Maﬁa Mob and is ready to hunt you down with secret agent
Ninjas and a gang of street thugs....AND her mother isn't some secret spy who
kills people for a living..........well....I cannot help you there ;)
I would advise though to run as far away from the girl as possible because life is
hard and very short already
But if her all it is that she is of legal age and one year older than you...meh, just
approach....make your intent clear to her and ask her out.
And have an awesome time together.
589 Views · View Upvoters

Do you think the girl in my class likes me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop looking for signals.
Girls, women, men, teen boys who fear rejection do that.
They have to with all the social conditiong, bs in society with labelling and fear of
being called sluts, too easy, whores, player etc. Their reputation will go down
toilet in school in a second.
The fear is big with girls. Real big and full of romantic stories and fantasies.
In your head is..
"She's out of my league."
"What if she rejects me."
"What if everyone knows she rejects me."
So what do the girls rely on?
How do these girls seperate the guy who has got the stuﬀ to the many guys
pretending they got the stuﬀ with their fancy clothes, brand names, jeans down
their asses and walking like they got something stuﬀ their ass?
They look for....the one who approaches.
The one who takes action.
The one willing to take the risk.
The one who is willing to take more risks no matter how many rejections he gets.
The conﬁdent one.
The one who is willing to approach, ﬂirt, tease, isolate the girl, take her around
corner, chat her up some more and get her number.
The one...who makes them.....FEEL...alive.
So which one are you?
The chump who wants us to decode signals so you know 100% she's into you?
Not going to happen. Our opinions are just assumptions
Or the guy who approaches and shows he isn't intimidated by her or her look.
He's going to ﬁnd out if she's playing or for real.
And if she's playing, he'll dump her ass right back where she's is sitting and walk
away. No more attention for her.
194 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hells

What questions can I ask my man to better know how to please
him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Are you asking questions that are of a sexual level?
I have a feeling you are and if so...
1. Do you like to talk dirty or not?

2. What part of your body would you like me to touch?
3. How do you like me to touch you?
3. Which part of the body you like me to kiss and play with?
4. Where's the craziest place you had sex?
5. Where would you like to have sex..settee...ﬂoor, bed...on cooker, car, outside in
public place ;) name where?
6. Have you ever had a threesome?
7. What would you do to me if I was with you right now?
8. What would like me to do to YOU if I was with you right now?
9. Do you like using sex toys?
10. Do you like to dominate in bed or woman to dominate?
11. What do you mean by domination?
12. What turns you on the most?
13. What turns you oﬀ the most?
14. What safe word shall we use ;)
15. What sexy outﬁt would you like to see me wearing?
16. Would you help me pick the sexy outﬁt? :P
17. What's your favourite sexual fantasy?
18. What's your favourite part of a woman's body?
19. Do you enjoy sex with lights on or oﬀ?
You get the idea.
:P
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I approach my crush?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How should I ﬁrst approach a girl?

The locker...
Me - Hey excuse me. Can you help me please?
Her - Yeah sure
Me - I'm just getting into locker. Just hold this bag (bang it on her hands)
Me - (taking stuﬀ from locker) Now these three books
Me - Now this folder (piling things up on her)
Me - Now this jacket
Her - Hey...
Me - Now this pencil case
Me - (look at her with head lopsided) Ok, you're friendly. You've past the test. I
can talk with you cause you know how to have fun (take all stuﬀ oﬀ her)

Girl - You're crazy
Me - I sure am but I'm not boring. (smile) Hi, my name is Adam and you are?
Girl - Tracy (not her real name)
Me - Hope to meet you again Tracy. (shake her hand) walk away.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------How many guys say "hey, hi, whatsup, hows it going, what class you're in?"
Next time it be easier and she'll probably thinks you're a refreshing change to the
boring guys who come up with usual...
"Hey, what's up, what class you're in, what you study, blah blah."
NOW...IF YOUR SHY...
You might not be able to do this because you've stayed in comfort zone and not
done any approaching with girls.
If you don't approach then nothing is going to change.
If you want to overcome, then you got to do. There is no secret to overcoming but
there is you not approaching girls yet for the purpose of dating her.
In fact, you don't approach girls in school, college or uni at all.
You must do what's needed to ﬁrst overcome your shyness. This is done by you
going through social anxiety therapy.
In no way, as I explain that it was easy for me years ago.
I tell you right now, I was shitting it.
I was serious terriﬁed of what I was about to do.
So I am human like you. I feel like you. I am scared like you. I have hangups like
you. Take shy and introvery to 100% level.
If I can do it....so can anyone else.
START HERE....
You got to go out and mingle with people and learn to say hi to strangers.
Whereever you are. So ﬁnd a passion where it has tons of people and go and
mingle.
Shyness and introvert doesn't deﬁne you.
You make it deﬁne you by saying you're shy and all that, and not getting out of
the comfort zone in sorting your social skills out.
So you cannot suddenly jump from Zero to Hero with girls.
You got to start ﬁrst in sorting your head out.
Do that in using world around you. Approach people, ask for directions, say hello
and little things like that.
Then when you're brave enough....do bolder stuﬀ.
When you are getting stronger...do more bolder stuﬀ.
Then move to approaching random girls of average looking that your perception
thinks is average looking and just say hi.
Double the number.

Tripple it.
Now do same but this time expand the conversation. Not just high but get talking,
get them engaged. Learn how to do it. Make mistakes. Fail. Don't worry they'll
forget you soon enough.
Keep doing that.
Double the number of girls you approach
Tripple it.
Now do the same but get them wanting to give you their number. So not only say
hi or exuse me, and converse. But ﬂirt. Tease. Be fun. Show personality, and ask
them out. Get their phone number.
Do more of this.
Double the number of girls when doing this.
Tripple.
Go mad with it.
Keep going until you are very comfortable with doing it.
Now go and do it to a more not so average looking girls. You're going to approach
what you're perception, your mind says are attractive girls.
You'll know because you're heart willbe pumping fast and you'll feel sick.
You'll want to vomit if you don't move and just think about the attractive girl who
is standing a few feet away.
Approach, do the same. Say hi, expand it, ﬂirt, tease, do it all.
Then double the number of attractive girls you approach.
Keep going and do that for a while.
Tripple the number of these girls and be even cheeky.... like you don't give a shit.
Now how do you feel..
"I can go and approach any damn girl."
Ok, now you're ready to approach girl where you're at. If the locker girl is still
there, then approach.
That is how I got good at approaching.
Problem is most guys want to get only when they see a girl they like.
They want to jujmp in, have one answer to solve their problems.
Their life is shit. Their social skills is shit.
Their mindset is poor.
Their conﬁdence is as low as wood on the bottom of barrel. Yes, that empty.
And then expect an answer is going to suddenly make them approach the girl.
So before the girl...
Ask yourself, what is the problem you really got?
Then go and solve that problem ﬁrst because in all honesty, it will never go away
until you sort it out.

And if it doesn't get sorted out, no pick up line is going to do much good because
the vibe you give oﬀ will be needy, desperate like it is right now.
If you didn't give a shit like I don't, when approaching women, you can walk up to
her and do whatever. You won't give a damn.
That doesn't mean you'll be rude.
It means you are away from all this need to get a yes or no.
You're approaching to see if she's really the girl you want to date ﬁrst. Nothing
else, and nothing more until then.
But because one is shy, it is shy because lack of experience of social skills,
stepping out of the comfort zone. It is not doing the ground work ﬁrst and so, if
you don't do it then a girl you like will appear.
Now you got to learn a lot more in a matter of a week?
Not going to happen.
You won't have the balls, the experience, the skill, mindset, the emotionally
stability......but you will have the fear that is so big...the neediness to impress...the
seeking of a response and the fear of rejection kicking your ass.
If you're shy, sort this out ﬁrst.
Because even if you do say hi, you'll screw it up anyway with impressing her,
playing it safe and doing what most typical guys do today.
You probably never do the locker story way I shown because the worry will be..
"But she might not like it. She might get upset. I might lose her"
Yeah?
Then you're seeking supplication from her. The desire for her to say yes instead of
you seeing if she got what you want ﬁrst.
That she clicks with you and gets who you are.
Women who don't click with me, and think I'm shallow, cocky are really telling
me what I want to know. It's feedback for me to see..
"Meh. She ain't for me. Bye" next.
So ﬁrst sort out that part.
Go and live. Get some social skills. Have fun building your conﬁdence and lower
the bar of fear of rejection.
I really hope you apply what I share.
I so mean what I share.
It has changed my life man. It has made me a stronger guy. It has got rid of all
anger about life and women even. It has helped me to see clearly and gave me so
much fun, amazing life....that I so want other guys and girls to experience.
Life is short mate.
Go and do the basics ﬁrst and you will see why it makes so much sense to do so.
10.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hardik Dhirubhai Patel

My boyfriend of 4 years dumped me because when I got angry
I'd scream and shout but he has since told me he hated that?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"but he says he still loves me.."
Yes, he would say that, just in case you scream and shout again. He's letting you
down easily because he knows what you are like.
Get some anger management counselling or something.
Second, I don't know what it is you're asking because your question...
My boyfriend of 4 years dumped me because when I got angry I'd scream and
shout but he has since told me he hated that?
Isn't a question but a statement. This is not a place for your outlet.
Ask a question so we can answer and not guess what it is you're asking. If you're
asking what do you need to do or what it means then...
It means it's over.
Move on.
Don't hang on the hope that because he said "I still love you" means he is "in love
with you to get back together."
That's not what it means.
179 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when I told my crush I like her through text,
and she doesn't reply, and just ignores me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You might have this illusion you have made it obvious you like her by hanging
out with her, spending time with her, teasing, ﬂirting, hug.
But you see....this is where most guys get it all wrong.
They are not direct. Crystal clear.
There is a saying..
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has
taken place..." - George Bernard Shaw
Sometimes guys need to get their head out of their asses and realise what they
think is obvious isn't so for the girl. She needs it crystal clear.
But guys don't because they play it safe and also assume too much.
Example...
You can be dancing right now with a woman, and she is grind you on dance ﬂoor,
hugging, laughing kissing on cheek, her pussy with her clothes on is grinding you
and another woman in front of you doing same.
You probably have your dick going hard - thinking - these are women so into you
and you made it so obvious.
Well, welcome to real world.
This is not women into you.
This is NORMAL club scene.
Normal mate.
So is you being with 5 women, sitting down, hugging them, laughing with them.

These women are again, not saying they are into you.
The one who is into is you is walking with me her outside, and she gives me a
blow job and I go down on her and eat her out.
That's direct in club scene.
Direct in club scene of telling a girl is not hugs, is not kiss, it is..
"Hey, just because your cute, you can't come over with your sweet ass and say hello?"
Then she play some bs game and then for me to embrace, kiss her, take her out by
saying it's loud in the club, so let's have a chat.
Talking outside, stroking her kneck as we talk, stroking her thighs, her waiste and
then getting her number, meeting her we date, and date, then seduction.
If I was still a teen and at school, I would approach the girl and say..
Me - Hey, you're cute. and I saw you looking.
Her -I wasn't.
Me - You were
Her - Haha, I wasn't really.
Me - Come here. Yeah come here (she walks over closer, I take her hand)
And I'll ﬂirt, tease, have a laugh with her and my behavior tells her I'm into her as
well as my words.
Then..
Me - Listen, there's a party in a couple of days. Come along with me and my
friends.
Girl - As a friend or something else?
Me - You know what it is. You (pointing) and me (pointing to me) or do you want
me to kiss you now to make it obvious
Girl - giggles
Me and her - (I isolate somewhere away from students) we kiss.
That is direct.
That's when a girl knows where she stands and where you stand and outside, in
world, that's how it is.
Outside is much worse because the speed in which world moves, people busy
working, people with fears, people up their ass with sterotype and labelling,
people with emotional rollercoaster life and short attention span because of all
this and more...will have the subtle messages go way over their head.
They hug. They smile. They hang out but it doesn't mean date.
You can't be obvious.
You got to be god damn clear you're into girl and she knows it too.
You got not fear loss because if you do, you'll do what most chumps.
You will play it safe.
SAFE gets you nowhere.

Don't be obvious i.e. hugs, friendly hangout, walking about, blah blah blah. Like
some platonic friend.
You have to approach the girl and show her your into her. You got to ﬂirt, tease,
and make it clear she blushes. You got to make her heart pound. You got to get
her number and when you do...make it clear again how it's going do to go.
You got to paint an image of how it's going to go down, where and make her
excited to meet you.
THEN.....you can text and have fun ﬂirting some more, not too much to lead to
the meet up.
And when she does meet up.....assume she is your girlfriend.
You don't behave like a friend...a hug.
You take her hand, smile, welcome her warmly, kiss her on forehead, take her
hand and walk like this is the most natural thing.
If you don't...she is going to see you no more than some chump who she hugs,
hangs out, who ﬂirts with her and nothing else but that.
If she is so oﬀended, she can go back to date with some other guy who is in
similar value as hers. No problem.
The beginning is always where most typical guys get wrong.
The second is when they meet for date.
Third, they escalate far too slow and girl is wondering..
"Is he into me or what? This isn't exciting. I can get this from any friend guy. Oh shit.
Maybe he just wants to be friends. Better tone this down and tell him I just want a
friend. Yeah. I'll do just that."
That's when the guy gets a text from her..
"Hey, it was great being with you but I'm not looking for a serious relationship.
Let's...just...be friends."
Don't play safe. Don't be obvious. Be crystal clear. Be bold.
Be.....Direct.
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

When my ex boyfriend broke up with me I broke down in tears
and he told me I was amazing and that he will be there for me
always, what does this mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In other words..
"Shit. I hope she doesn't go nuts and does something crazy to herself. Quick, how
do I make ger feel better? I KNEW this would happen. KNEW it. I better tell her
she's amazing, the one and only, and I will forever be her friend and love her."
That's what he means.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok to stay in my comfort zone for dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it's ok for you, then you go ahead but....

When it comes to dating I see so many guys and women make this mistake over
and over again. It makes me cringe when I read the stories on Quora on what they
did and then wonder nothing happened.
Or the guy/woman text them next day to say she just wants to be friends.
Being in the comfort zone can have huge implications when it comes to dating. If
you're in comfort zone, then you'll not get out there for starters to approach.
You're limited in experience.
You're limited in knowledge
You're limited to see what red ﬂags are
You're limited with emotional strength
You're limited with guilt and shame about sex
You're limited in experience with sex.
Comfort zone is limiting and it will always be so.
You will get only what you work at and if you're not working towards self
development, social skills, and think like most guys in doing something,...get
rejected to quit...well, you get the same thing.
If that's ok by you, great but don't then wake up aged 40 saying how to get girls
and expect to learn what you needed to in a day. It will be hard not because of
anything else but that you now got to learn lots of things at the same time.
Plenty of ﬁsh is a myth.
You see ﬁsh in pounds and sea?
Someone has to throw the hook or net in.
That's what so many miss and fall for the Hollywood/Bollywood movies and
romance novels, that it...just...happens. The book falls to ﬂoor or something and
both go down to pick it up.
They stare into each others eyes and fall instantly in love,
Or they are walking and they bump into each other and walla.
Or destiny, fate with some cupid who seems to fail a lot in this world, aims and
throws an arrow. Kaboom!
Not going to happen.
Worse...
When both do get together, the guy or woman are playing it so damn safe, that the
excitement, the energy, the pulse is dead.
It becomes platonic and it becomes so damn awkward that one of them thinks it's
not exciting, nothing happened, so their is no chemistry.
Something got to happen for that spark to happen.
Being safe doesn't make that happen.
The guy plays safe. The woman plays it safe.
Meh. I cannot be bothered with playing SAFE.
I am direct. I approach. I ﬂirt heavily. I am in there...touch, stroke, smile,
embrace, kiss and if she doesn't want it...great!

I found out and goodbye. Next.
Same withn messaging, text and on messaging on sites and all that.
I sexualise to the hilt. I go all the way. I have no qualm or fear in doing so. It is
exciting for me. It is buzzing for me.
It is me being a sexual man,.
One can call me shallow all they want.
I have read some do so on Quora and out in world but I am having the fun of my
life. I am dating, loving it, life is awesome and just amazing.
Because I am direct.
Because I get past the bs fast, ﬁlter, screen out, screen in, qualify, onward,
forward...fast.
I have set the level. I have set how it's going to go.
If the woman I approach are oﬀended by me liking ass, tits, kissing, embracing,
and calling me shallow...that is my level.
That is my terms. That is what I want.
And those who don't want..."great to see you but bye.." and they will say same. No
problem for me. I found out what I need to know.
This way has made my life amazing!
You won't believe the life I am living now
I just do what majority of men fear to do and it's working brillaintly.
So decide what you want and don't wait for whatever it is to come. Just go out
there and approach. You'll be amazed how your life turns out.
Sure, rejections happen but that tells you they are not the ones to date anyway.
Next. Moving on. Fast forward. Not looking back. Next!
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl that you used to talk to everyday
pushes you away because she's afraid of having feeling towards
you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You had that too? I had similar.
What I didn't do is this..
Girl - Ohh we need to talk
Guy - Oh ok
Girl - I...i....am falling for you but I cannot. I must not
Guy- Don't worry love. It be ok. You can trust me.
Girl - No, I cannot fall for you. I must push you awaaaaaaaauy
Guy- Why?
Girl - Life is so dark. So evil. Life and world so fucked up. I..I..cannot love you

Guy- You don't have to love me. My love is bigger anyway. We can work this out. It
will be ok. Just tell me what's wrong.
Girl - No, it's just too much. You get close, I push you away. It hurts.
Guy - Let us then be friends. Let me at least be near you. Be friends
Girl- No, we cannot. It just cannot be. Waaaaah. Waaaaaah (crying)
Guy- But...but..
Girl- Goodbye my love....Good....byeeeeeee......
This is what I did.....
Girl- We need to talk
Me - Yeah? About what?
Girl -I am falling for you but I cannot. I just can't.
Guy -Whoa. Why you so damn serious all of a sudden?
Girl - I..just.....eh? I....erm....what you mean?
Guy - You sound like that Twilight Saga girl who is about to get friendzoned by
me real hard. Girls like that are such a damn turn oﬀ. I don't like drama, making
this into some big deal. Next you be telling me you have fallen in love with me
and... your world is fucked up and all that. Talking about love and all that
nonsense. Too damn serious.
(PS..FRIENDZONE DON'T EXIST. I just said it because so many believe in that BS
so I talk in that lingo..)
Girl - Oh...I...
Guy - We're just hanging out, nothing else. Chill. Stop making it some big deal
and serious like the immature girls I see in school. Drama. Always drama. You
ain't drama are you?
Girl - No, I'm not drama like these girls.
Guy - Ok then. I just thought you was like these pathetic girls. It's not attractive. I
run from girls like that. Listen, got to go. Party at friends. Bye.
Girl - Oh, erm....ok.
.......................................
I didn't call her. Didn't text her. Distance myself and approached other girls and
went and had some fun.
4 days later she text..
"I miss you."
I didn't respond.
One week..
"Can we talk?"
Me - not if it's drama.
Her - I promise it's not drama
Few days later, we met and we....dated.

And I found out she did the same damn thing to this other guy. He did what most
typical guys do. Pleading to have time with her, to be her friend and all that.
I did reverse.
So the question is mate....
Did you fall for the drama or did you stop her on her track from dictating the role
you showed you got options?
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

What are some tricky questions to verify whether your
boyfriend/girlfriend is cheating on you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is none.
If I feel I cannot trust the woman I am dating, I won't be asking any questions to
trick her to tell me anything.
It's over.
I cannot be with someone I cannot trust and I'm going to pretend.
Doing such things only leads to resentment, bitterness. If one don't trust, it's time
to talk and move on.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is the easiest way to draw an anime girl?
Adam Taha, I combine traditional and digital art
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I draw animals?

The same with drawing human beings.
Get good at the basic anatomy. So the basics like the pose. The skeleton:
The shape
The perspective
The position
Sure, you can just draw but without the basics you're like doing it to hope luck
will help you. Drawing with learning to get better is far more important than
draeing an animal.
That way, when you do draw, you know what you're doing and why. You get better
than just doing it without much structure to it.
Slowly and surely, you start added other elements like the structure for the
components. The head, chest, etc etc.
Imagine these as circles that connect to a shape showing some mass. Drawing the
skeleton pose in diﬀerent positions and added shapes, mass to them.
So get the anatomy sorted out ﬁrst. Have a basic understanding so you can build
on it as time goes by.
From the skeleton and knowing where the building blocks of the connection for
each one is. Draw in diﬀerent positions and perspective.
297 Views · View Upvoters

I like this guy in my lecture. How do I approach him without
being obvious?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The one thing that frustrates guys is, the subtle messages. It is the most
infuriating thing which belittles our intelligence and the girl too.
Be direct.
If you be subtle, doing all what most woman do with their usual nonsense, it gets
us wondering the following..
1. You want attention and nothing else
2. You're just ﬂirting for fun
3. You already got a guy so you're doing it out of boredom
4. You're just playing without any ending to lead anywhere
5. You're just friendly, polite and want to just be friends
Guys also fear rejection and so, the guy you are going to approach isn't going to
take action on subtle messages.
Since it's you who likes the guy and...he doesn't even know...you can't be subtle.
You need to be direct with the guy.
So approach, smile...
"Excuse me. I was walking to class and saw you. I think you're attractive..."
This tells him you're interested in him not as a friend but more.
You add..
"But I like to get to know you more over coﬀee."
Now see his response and if all well, exchange numbers and move forward.
Being subtle is only going to create too much headache for you and him. You'll be
looking for signals and assume things.
Yes, I know you fear rejection and awkwardiness but it is what it is.
If the pain is not big enough that what might happen, well, nothing going to
happen anyway with him or any other guy.
Plenty of guys out there if nothing happens with him.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

First date went amazing (kiss on cheek, tons of talking). Now
she doesnt want to hang out. She wants a "spiritual
companion". Should I send ﬂowers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Kiss on cheek. Did you say to her...
"Now, now. Only one kiss on cheek. Don't be greedy"
Mate, I am going to blunt and it may sound harsh.
What on earth were you thinking, spending hour+ in each other arms and not
bothering to escalate the fuck out of this.

I swear, if another guy tells me "I wanted to take it slow" I am going to throw a
brick towards them ;)
Seriously man.
This is why she said this. You're slow. You're too nice. You didn't escalate and was
so damn serious in some romantic stuﬀ.
Now you want to send her FLOWERS?!?!
No mate. Don't send ﬂowers and get her dictating the role of who you suppose to
be. Which by the way you did that from day one.
What happened is you didn't escalate and wasn't conﬁdent to do so.
In return, she thought..
"SHIT. I can't be sexual with this guy. I can't be the woman I want. He's too much of
a nice guy. Like the church guys I know. I wanted diﬀerent but he's like them...A
romantic guy. A guy takes it serous. He probably a long-term platonic guy. He's not
a lover-type. So I better back oﬀ and behave like a good pretty Christain and
categorise this guys deep into the of spiritial enlightment...of friendship...kind of
guy"
Spritual my ass.
She is saying to you..
"Damn it man. DAMN IT! What was wrong with you? I thought you was the lover
type. I thought you was into me sexually? I thoght you was DIFFERENT THAN THE
NICE NICE CHISTAIN GUYS! Who damn nothing about women. Too nice. But I
ﬁnd your same as the,. NICE. I ﬁnd you're so serious, romantic, hold hands,
embrace for fucking hour! Nothing happened. That means I got to be serious with
yoiu too and move on to ﬁnd someone who'll move the earth underneath me."
Now what do you do?
Do not send ﬂowers. Back away.
This woman will eat you alive. You're a nice guy and by that I don't mean polite. I
mean you played it so safe.
Too safe.
Now this got her brain kicking oﬀ with knee jerk reaction to see you as something
else.
Say no thanks.
No friend, friend stuﬀ.
Back away and don't let her dictate which by the way you did already for one hour
on couch embracing. She nows feels guilty being with you in that way.
You needed to build on attraction.
The moment you met her, face to face, KISS. Embrace her, smile, kiss her on
forehead, take her hand...lead.
Then go out for walks as touch more, and as you walk you let her know that you
are not into this nonsense of no kiss on ﬁrst date written by BS Cosmo magazines
and romance novels BUT...you know she ain't some teen, a kid who can't see
through that BS.
Then as you walk...kiss her.

Show your value. Let her know. Most afraid to say that but I say it. I make sure she
understand guy I am and what's going to happen.
In those walks, in Be fun, light hearted, tease, ﬂirt, touch, kiss some more.
Now when you get home...her frame of mind is not going to go..
"Kiss on ﬁrst date?"
If I get this problem on the walking dating, cafe talking...it be over from me. I'll
make it over alright. I'm not taking her home for seduction. She doesn't qualify
for that intimacy with me. I'll end it there. I'll know something is up.
But if all is well...
Then when alone, home, that's seduction stage not kiss...kiss, hold hands,
embrace for an hour.
Send no ﬂowers.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I scared to talk to pretty girls? I'm a computer
programmer, so I sit in front of computers all the time. Is this
where the problem came from?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hello programmer. I salute you for your genius programming but I know one
thing. Most programmers suck at dating.
Here's why..
You want to go from Zero experience to "Hey girl..."
Think about it...
You're sitting your ass on a computer and no, it's not because you're a
programmer but because you're sitting on your ass and have never done this shit.
What do you expect?
You're brain to suddenly say..
"DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYUM" Check her ass and tits out. She is a
stunner. Go on mate. I know you got whatever it takes and who gives a shit if she
says no. No problemo! Just say NEXT. You're the man. Approach and have fun!"
How did you become a computer programmer?
You went and did the work.
You ﬁlled your head with knowledge. You practised like fucking crazy, everday,
drinking tea, coﬀfe, face down on that screen, like it is the damn god holy grail of
your purpose. That no one can drag you away from.
I bet you can make jokes about programming that connects with dating.
You can talk for hours on end about dating.
I just only have to ask and puts some money down and you'll be like..
"I GOT THIS! WATCH HOW I CLEAN THIS CODE UP!"
So you are in your own element.
I can come up to you and say..

"Hey dude, I got a complex coding problem. It's damn diﬃcult. It's HUGE!"
You'd suddenly turn into Superman and grin and say,
"MEH! NO BIG DEAL MAN. DAMN RIGHT I CAN" COME ON! Pay up and it is
sorted"
And just like that, you be rolling your sleeves like a fucking Alpha on a mission
and nothing can stop up.
You won't give a shit if the code breaks 10 times. You won't give a damn if the
system spurts out rejection. You'll be doing the work while dancing to some
heavy metal rock music or some drumn and bass...or Mozart.
Multitasking, you're ﬁngers everywhere like a genius on mission.
I know because I date women who are programmers. Cute, sexy programmers.
You be like this man...

Yeah. You know it. You know your a badass at this.
You're such a badass at this, you probably can create any app you want. You could
walk into 10 interviews and you know....YOU KNOW...one is going to give you the
job and on your terms.
Because you're know your shit bruv, Yeah, you know it inside out. The gods or
whoever in this universe knows you know your shit.
This is the age of programmers, systems, and all the stuﬀ I haven't fucking got a
damn club about. I salute you, you badasses. You are in the right place, at the
right time and you can walk even into London and companies will be falling ﬂat
on their faces hiring you guys.
You're the MASTERS of this Universe called the 21st century.
Fuck information age. We are at the age of systems, automation, problem solving
and silicon ass and tits valley.
Then something crazy happen.
You see a woman, tall, blonde, or red head with pale white skin, ﬂowing like white
milk. It just makes your moth drool.
You probably can't wait to get home and masturabate 3-5 times to get over your
emotions of thinking about her.
Yeah, I know you're mind. Don't deny it!
You eyes trying so hard to not look at her delicious ass and her scruptious breasts
that you want to eat. The buttons look like they ready to pop oﬀ her tight white
shirt. You can see the stretched tight lines of the shirt shaping her nipples.
You imagine your tongue squirling on the tip of her nibbles and the AHAAAAM.
You open your mouth and devour her breasts as she says..
"Oh baby, yes, yes," while guiding your hand down to paradise - and a paradise
that is wet and dripping with her universe.
Don't lie.
You know what I'm talking about ;)
You can imagine as clear as day of how it be with her.
Just that kiss on her vulumptious red lips.

The touch of her smooth skin.
The smell of her hair
The grabbing of her divine tasty ass
Your ﬁnger tips boldly following her curves and every inch of her body as you
imagine hearing her say..
"Mmmmmmm. Oh yes, you know what I want. You're so good at this.."
You're heart pounding and you feel sick.
You feel like you're about to vomit because even though you're not going to
approach...the fear feels like it's real.
Suddenly a war starts in your mind....

It's a ﬁght. Virus kicking oﬀ.
Get ready to RUUUUUUUUUUUUMBLE!
You imagine every god damn fear like a Hollywood, Bollywood block buster
movie. You imagine what can go wrong.
No matter how you try to imagine the movie in your mind to stay positive, it fucks
up and suddenly you imagine the worse.
The fear of rejection....

You try your best to change the story your brain narrates but everytime, it always
comes back to moment you are rejected or something big goes wrong.
You try to change the scene to a Sci-ﬁ type dream but just when you're about to
have it so good, the story changes in you being rejected.
You try to change the scene again into a Fantasy movie of you being a Wizard
ﬁghting in the modern day with your programming skills. As a woman runs into
your rams but then...just when it gets good...read to fuck her..she said..
"NO! I....I...erm...don't see you that way."
No matter the diﬀerent scenes, fantasy, sciﬁ, bollywood dancing in the rain,
western cowboy style, crime ﬁghting....it always ends up bad for you.
Either you walk in as a detective and she's fucking some guy who knows sod all
about programming or she's fell in love with a spy from another planet.
Suddenly, you remember stuﬀ from back of the day .
Stuﬀ that hasn't any relevance to dating but it's an experience of failure, pain,
lack of appreciation, lack of belonging and a ton of rejections.
It's like everything before you saw this girl suddenly haunts you....
Even your smallest failures at school....

Your system in your head is like...
Brain - Nah mate. Forget it. Don't even try you loser!!
You - But why? I like her. I think she's attractive
Brain - Hahahaha. Listen to yourself you fucking loser. She is out of your league!

You - But it could happen. There is a probability, right
Brain - You chump! She will reject you. Humilate you. Then what? Listen. I am
saving you from disaster. I am telling you she is out of your league.
You - Oh. So you're saying that I shouldn't?
Brain - Of course. It is a no. See the shadow on the wall. The way the rain is
happening outside. Due to the time on the clock, the way the light shimmers on
the window, and the calculations I have done, there's a high probability, 99% she
will laugh at you. Remember the time you tried to rid that bike and I said don't?
Well, see what happened when you didn't listen to me.
You fell, hurt yourself? You failed! You didn't listen to me.
You - I remember but what the hell that got to do with it?!?!?!
Brain - Remember that girl too in school you went and approached and rejected
you? Remember the other girl who hurt you? Remember how you failed at this
and that? Remember how you got humilated and embarrased yourself....wise
guy?
Remember?! I told you and you didn't listen to me and that's what you get you
fucking loser. You get it now. You're nobody. Look at you, you skinny/fat ugly
twat. You got no chance in hell with her. You will never touch her ass, her tits and
sleep with. Look at your belly. Where's your six pack you smoking cig donkey?
Forget it!
You - Ok..ok. I get it
Brain - You BETTER. Don't approach. You will get rejected and rejection is real
bad. It's painful. Look at how many people around. If she rejects you WHICH SHE
WILL....then all these people will laugh at you. She will think you're weird, a creep
and everyone else will laugh at you. Best to stay where you are. It's safe. You don't
have to socialise or do anything like that. The right girl will appear..IF pigs ﬂy in
the sky but it's better than rejection and humilation.
............................
Just like that...in a matter of a second....you have been inﬂuenced by your own
brain, the information inside your brain, the past years, the lack of approaching
women consistenly.....persuaded you to not approach.
You haven't cleaning your system. It's crashing so many times when you see ass,
tits and those curves.
You're running old programs that just don't help you for this kind of work.
Logic...Logic. Logic.
So what can you do?
How about allocating time to get oﬀ your ass and just approach women. Just
approach and say hi and detache from whatever happens.
Do just that for now to get your brain have information to help you.
Start small. One step at a time because one day, a woman you like will appear and
you won't be ready.
You want to suddenly be that guy when you haven't even prepared yourself.
It's like telling me, who don't know shit about programming to sit down and ﬁx a
code. I won't know what the hell to do.
I'd just be staring at the screen, wondering, "WTF do I do? What?"

Then blame it on the computer!
You won't be ready with the mindset, experience, skill set, socialising skills and
then your own insecurities will dictate you to behave in a certain way.
You will create many stories in your head. You will let your brain slow you down.
You will be battling demons that your brain creates.
Hell, you could do it and get to a stage when your both naked. Yes, naked, and
just when you're about to fuck, she grabs your dicks and says.
"Do you really want to? Do you?"
Because you don't know shit about what I know in this area of life, you will
suddenly lose it. You will suddenly fear loss. You will suddenly try to impress her
like a chump. Being some "gentleman" and tell her..
"No, I don't want to."
Then rationalise your BS to me on how you wanted to take it slow and she's
speciail, one of a kind blah blah blah. Whatever man.
She will be so dissappointed because you failed the god damn test.
That was just her to put the burden on you because she fears being judged,
labelled as a slut. So she is wanting you to take the lead, tell her she's gorgeous
and damn right you want to fuck her.
Tell her, "Yes I do, I...i...i.. do because you're beautiful. I understand baby. I want
to. Yes, I want to."
But no.
Like a programmer, your brain kicks oﬀ with logic and well, she thinks you're
either gay, or you either not a man she thought of or....she thinks you're not into
her.
That she isn't attractive.
So if you want to know what I do, have fun, ﬂirt, tease, get dates, and get laid,
then you need to..start giving your brain some information.
You need to date and get into these situations fast because these type of
situations will come up and you won't know how to handle them.
Go and do - the way you do with programming.
It's no diﬀerent.
No one can be conﬁdent in an element that they haven't even tried, grown in and
just went and did it many a times.
No one can know with foresight and have sharp instinct to know what the deal is
when women do this or that, or say this or that.
You'll be walked all over and by time some of them have ﬁnished, you'll be bitter,
angry and think women are evil creatures from planet Zod.
Thinking you can just approach and attract the ﬁrst girl with no social skills,
psychology about how they think is like telling me..
"Hey Adam, we're going to parachute oﬀ a plane, want to come?"
"Are YOU CRAZY! NO WAY."
But if I went and did some training and then jumped oﬀ that plane with
parachute a few times. I'll know most of what I feared was just fearing the

unknown.
I'd probably enjoy it and do some more too.
I'll even ﬁlm that shit and add some drama to it and bang it up Youtube.
She or any woman isn't out of your league.
It's you're out of your depth!
Because you expect to do something without the experience, skill set and
mindset to do this. You expect to come from Zero to Hero in a night.
You expect to be a Casnova in a day!
If you knew, just knew the shit that I had to go through to learn all the things
about girls, women and they crazy games THAT THEY DENY by the way, YES
DENY, you will move now...fast and learn.
That way you are prepared.
But if you are not prepared...
It's not going to happen. No matter how badass you are at coding.
So learn.
One step at a time and just detache from the fear of rejection.
You don't want to come back reading this 20 years later and you're still a virgin.
You're going to get rejected like many of us, like I have until you get
tougher...stronger...and you don't give a shit anymore like I don't. You're going to
know who the damage girls are and who are not.
You're going to ﬁnd who to avoid in time to come and you will fail, make
mistakes, get hurt but in time, you will learn if you don't be bitters....what to look
for, what to ask and without fear.
You won't give a damn if she walks away.
Suddenly you approach with so much fun.
It is fun approaching women and date a woman who hasn't got lots of hangups
and bs in her head about men.
When you get past learning curve and the social conditioning that kicks
in....you'll have fun just socialising with women, teasing, ﬂirting and not even
bothered if a woman gets all bitchy.
You'll know how to handle every damn problem that comes with dating with.
Start with small steps.
Get out more and approach consistently.
Socialise the shit out of the world outside. Do it now.
Learn how to socialise, mingle, converse or this happens...

29.8k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I confessed to told me she didn't want to lead me on.
My friend told me I confessed too early. I really like her what
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is not much details with your questions.
I am assuming the following...
1. You either texted her to tell her you love her, like her and not face to face.
2. You confessed you love her, shown aﬀectionate behaviour
3. You didn't ﬁrst approach her, ﬂirt, tease, be fun, get her to see your personality,
and then said you're attracted to her but you need to get to know her more, and to
meet up for coﬀee, or walk, or drink.
If that is so,
You have turned her oﬀ because showing aﬀection in beginning is what so many
nice guys do. You needed to be fun, light hearted.
Second when approaching a girl, you need to ﬁrst establish attractive qualities
not neediness, desperation, and ﬁrst ﬂirted, teased, get her to see your
personality and see if she is really into you.
Third you then ask her out and not label it as a date but you still have shown
you're attracted to her like so..
"Look. When I ﬁrst saw you, I wasn't sure about you but the more I got to know
you, I feel attracted to you but...looks are far too common. I like to ﬁnd out more
about you, go check the scenes out, and have fun so we get to know each other."
If she shows positive response, then you exchange numbers and get it sorted.
This is done...face to face.
Must be done...face to face because you want to make sure the intent is very clear
and not some hangout with a friend.
Right now....she is not interested in you.
There is no use chasing her, convincing her like most nice guys. That is chasing
not pursing. This is very unattractive to do.
Approach other girls and do not give this girl anymore attention.
Move on until you meet a girl that feels same way but make sure, you know how
to approach. Get some experience under your belt.
Don't let this make you feel down.
The faster you move on, to approach other girls, the quicker you'll date someone
that likes you. Doing so will make you look much more attractive and appealing,
than chasing this one girl.
Be a challenge.
Show you got balls to move on and it has not nerved you.
Show you got options.
Don't be that guy who chases her and orbits around her.
There's a girl somewhere waiting but if you don't move now, you'll slow it down.
Move fast. Always move fast like you got places to go and no girl is going to be
someone to keep you waiting and hovering.
Take it as a no, nothing personal and move on.
All the best mate and chin up.
264 Views

My girlfriend wants to start over?can this work?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You played it safe man. You didn't escalate. So many guys do this. So many you
won't believe so don't be too hard on yourself or her.
It's ok and natural she feels this way.
Look man. I'm going to give you advise that changed so many guys lives and even
the girls, women they dated.
When you date a woman, even on the ﬁrst day you meet, you got to let go of this
fucking fear that what you do will annoy her, lose her, make you look like some
player or whatever.
You got to touch, show emotion, be interested, not cold.
1. Touch
2. Kiss
3. Hold hands
Later...
4. Sex
But because you date with fear, it is so damn slow, you backed away so far...the
girl is wondering if she was moving too fast.
That maybe, you are not into her.
You haven't shown her that you're really that into her since you've dated. I'm not
talking about being clingy, desperate. I'm talking about escalating the fuck out of
it when you meet.
So she is ﬁguring out if this is true because she probably is very conﬁdent herself.
She probably a girl who is fun, party girl, and knows about when guys into girls.
However, she isn't seeing this.
All she sees is some guy being a gentleman, doing romantic stuﬀ but not enough
real deep emotional contact, sensual, sexual, etc. Even smallest of things to her
seems slow with you.
So she's a bit confused. Probably wondering if she scared you oﬀ or that maybe,
you just slowly drifting away.
You missed many opportunities to escalate and touch. Maybe out of guilt. Maybe
out of thinking that slow is how it goes but she may probably want fast. If she is
party girl, if she is fun, if she is conﬁdent....she is itching for touch, sexual.
Most guys miss that out and because of fear or they are projecting some past
relationship experience on to the existing relationship.
I have a feeling man, this is what it is.
You got to show aﬀection but not in you confessing about love, how she is the one
and all that. Taking a girl out, doing stuﬀ like resturant, dinner and all that is ﬁne
but the problem is....where is the sensual, the touch, the sexual?
You're not escalating and escalating is by action of another kind.
You do it by your behavior like....
Touch

Kisses
Stroking her kneck
Stroking her back when walking
Pinning her to wall somewhere and kiss her
And when alone, you do that too and arouse her, turn her on, seduce her and
pound each other hard.
I doubt you did that too.
Played it way too safe and slow.
She didn't want slow.
She wanted you to show her you're into her.
You probably didn't do that and also, you didn't ask about her, called to talk about
her, get interested in her interest, passion, and so forth.
Take her out to show you listened and show her the places she's interested in.
Things like that.
So did you avoid doing escalating part i.e. touch, hold, embrace, stroke, kiss,
seduction/sexual?
Did you hold back?
Did you play it so cool and all that?
4.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jose Mejias

I always end up upsetting the girl I love despite my intentions
to make her feel better. Why do I always screw up? Is there
anything I can do to improve on it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, here's some advise and I'm not going to go into too much detail as I usually
do. You ready...
1. Get that mask oﬀ your face and stop doing things to impress her. No more
actions to seek response, to seek validation, acceptance...a fucking smile.
Nothing. You do not do things to seek a response.
That's the BIGGEST FUCK UP people do today.
You cannot be yourself like this. Stop that shit right now.
2. Stop worrying you're going to lose her. You're coming from fear and so
everything you see, you try to ﬁx.
You love her? Then let her learn herself. Let her sort her shit out herself.
3. Stop trying to make her smile. Instead focus on you're own behavior. Be fun
yourself, be smiling yourself.
4. Oh yeah and this one - the solution guy...
Stop being that guy who has to give solutions to her problems. You see her upset
and you want to be that clown to make her smile.
No more advise, giving solutions.
No more trying to ﬁx her.

She can ﬁx her own life, own problems and own mindset. If she talks about
problems....listen.
You sort yourself out and get busy with your life
You got problems of your own. Your own fears, the dreams, goals, go and get busy
with that shit instead living life in fear...due to worry you might lose her.
That's where you are fucking up.
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

Why should a man have a good female friend apart from his
own girlfriend/wife?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"Should?" There's no should or shouldn't. You don't be friends with anyone
because society says you should or some agenda of some kind.
I mean, I don't be friends with anyone, even a woman because "I should" for some
agenda of some kind. I be friends with people, guys and women because I like
their vibe, I click with them, they fun to be with, we got something in common
and I enjoy their company.
Also, I don't need a reason to say to women I date on why I got females friends. I'll
make friends with whoever I want. If she can't trust that, well, she can leave and
date someone else.
I don't need to give reasons to her why I am their friend. I sure don't ask for
reasons why women I date got guy friends and nor am I worried about such
things either.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some creative excuses to break up with my girlfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't make excuses mate. You don't need to. It's always good to leave better than
you met the girl/woman the ﬁrst time. It's not good to leave with bad taste in their
mouths because breaking up hurts anyway already.
So best be honest, polite and no games.
Don't say, "it's not you, it's me." That's ﬁckle.
Say, "It's not going way I want to. I don't feel it with you. I'm moving on."
Be polite, calm and stick to your word.
Not like most, who go back and forth with ex to create drama and all that. So
make sure you're clear in your mind you want to break up. Know why and then
stick with it. Have integrity. Don't mess girl's mind up.
Be honest and leave always better than when you ﬁrst met.
505 Views · View Upvoters

Are there certain signs a girl may give oﬀ that guys accidentally
take as not interested?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What would accidently put oﬀ as a guy might be diﬀerent to other guys but I
think it be similar...

1. You sigh like your frustrated or bored when with me
2. You're moody, like being with me makes you feel shit/ get angry
3. You don't smile, be bubbly, be fun when with me
4. You don't ﬂirt, tease, back and show interest
5. You pull away when I ﬂirt, tease and play hard to get
6. When I text you don't respond until 5 hours later like you're some CEO with 10
businesses
7. You don't open up when I text and I share about me. You don't show emotion,
show interest and share about you.
8. You ﬂake when we meet for dating
And it doesn't need to be all these.
Just one of these will do to put me oﬀ. I might give chances but then I might not.
I'm a guy with options and like positivity not drama.
Hope the list helps.
I'm not saing be perfect but sort any shit out in your head and when being with a
guy, be fun, not serious, show interest, touch, show you're into him.
Because most guys fear rejection.
They need to know 100% girl is into them or they won't ask her out.
I'm diﬀerent. If I like a girl, I am going to ask her out anyway. I'll approach anyway
but that's because of years of experience, lots of conﬁdence and self awareness.
Young teens at school, guys....may look conﬁdent but it's all appearances. They
will fear rejection big time.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What if you're attracted to someone who is intentionally
singling you out, but who just broke up with his ﬁancee?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Elizabeth.....he is not ready.
He is still very emotionall attached to her still. It's not easy to detache especially
if she broke up from such a relationship. If he's still talking about her because it
seems it does - he's not ready.
He is not ready for relationship even if he says so because his behavior is already
showing that by telling another woman about his problems. A man who is
mature, who isn't some chump of a nice guy, who is experienced in dating knows
not to talk negative about himself.
That the ﬁrst priority is fun, light hearted conversation, getting to know a
woman, to date each other. The problems he got can wait till years later especially
telling a woman the ﬁance dumped him.
He is telling you something and in doing so, the red ﬂags tell you...
1. I am fucked up inside.
2. I just got out of a relationship, engagment. I've been dumped.
3. I don't know what the hell I want at this moment.

4. I probably won't know even if I dated a woman bevause I will still be thinking
about my ﬁance. So if you get involved with me...I WARNED YOU already. You
know my situation, what I am like and probably be back and forth in my mind
and body about the ex ﬁance.
His unconscious mind is telling you something even though he isn't saying it in
this way. As a woman, you need to read these red ﬂags for what they are.
That he is not ready. Not in a long shot.
Second, you're thinking about the bigger picture. Why are you when his mind has
told you he's just been dumped by his ﬁance. You're looking for signs. How the
months, the time he spent, the drinking together symbolises something.
Which means it is you who is hoping there's more.
Why would you want to think all this about a guy who got out of a relationship, an
engagment, dumped by his ﬁance?
Elizabeth, think for a moment...
You know how you know a guy has moved on?
This is me. I got divoured years ago when younger. I married quite young. So I
meet women and here's how you'd know..
1. I never talk about past relationships until years of knowing the woman. Until I
have dated her, got intimate, sexually too, screwed, fucked, gone on holidays
together, and probably lived together.
And I might not even say anything because I am over it.
Maybe I say something but only after a year or so, when she asked me.
2. I talk about my passion, goals, visoins and anything to do about my past will
only show my passion, who I am and how I think.
That's how you know when a guy moves on.
He hasn't.
He's told you in a matter of a few months knowing you. He's still hurting inside,
fucked up inside and probably looking for a woman to
talk...talk...talk...talk...talk...talk.
And if anyyhing does happen...his mind will still be with his ﬁance so it may not
last with you. He be back and forth.
So relax, just meet for coﬀee, and don't look or move towards relationship. He's
not ready. Not yet, anyway. Just be a friend and approach other guys. Someone
who hasn't a lot of issues or talking how they just got out of a serious relationship.
760 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Elizabeth Paddock

Relationship Advice: What happen when you send your sextape
to your boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, I'd wouldn't want any woman to do that with me. Don't get me wrong
though. I'm a very high sexual guy with diﬀerent partners. I'm not into
monagamy, where I date one woman but date diﬀerent women and they all know.
The second is, you said "where about to create a relationship" which to me means
you haven't started a relationship yet. So best wait for sometime, years or until

you know each other very well and so much so, your both comfortable, trusting, it
becomes part of a conversation between you and him ﬁrst.
And the talking be with both parties, both persons, on their own.
Third, to turn on a guy you don't send tapes.
You use his mind by talking. It's a skill you need to learn.
For example, I don't need to touch a woman to fuck her body. I use words on
phone, text, and she be so damn turned on, wet. So when we meet she can't help
but rip my clothes oﬀ and unbuckle my belt.
Do that, using ﬁrst words, texting sex words, create images in his mind using your
words, be skillful at that. One step at a time, build up.
But what you're doing is skipping a lot and you really haven't yet started a
relationship with the other person. This can cause extreme jelousy and can turn
of the boyfriend and the other person.
Because if you knew the other person anyway to such a deep level....you won't be
asking.
1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl and I went on two dates, after which she said that we are
not a match. We are friends on
that mean anything?

, and we chat occasionally, can

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, she is not interested.
You're demonstrating very unattractive behavior right now. It's very desperate
and needy and I think you know this too.
She is only talking with you on FB for nothing more than a friendly platonic chat.
Nothing else and nothing more.
She said you're not a match. Respect her decision.
Changing the question, re-editing isn't going to change this. You got to now let go
and move on.....and approach other women.
Don't focus on one woman.
You are not ready and emotionally strong for that. You need to approach many
women, get numbers, date many. Get some experience under your belt.
Believe me, you need it.
Because of how you are right now, there is no way you will ever get out of the
comfort when dating. You will play safe, you will only do things to impress and
for a response. The women will get bored of such behavior and being needy will
turn them over.
So do not focus on relationships as yet.
Just approach many women and date many. Promise nothing and be honest that
you're not looking for anything serious.
Time to start thinking diﬀerently and work on yourself.
Let her go mate and move on.
Get busy with your life. You got a lot of work to do.

Do it now and in time you will be amazed with your growth and....you will bring a
richer experience that women in future will enjoy.
You'll look back and won't know who that guy was.
But you got to start now.
Make a strong decision to never be this way again and have self respect for
yourself.
Chin up. You can do this. Move on now and let it be a lesson to help you grow.
Don't see it as a mistake but as a learning curve.
These things have to happen to grow, learn and get better at knowing how to
demonstrate leadership in all that we do.
Even in dating and relationships.
828 Views · View Upvoters

Which social media is the best (gives more visibility) for
sharing your blog posts?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Where does your targeted audience hangout?
Which ones does your targeted audience use?
How does it connect with the overall strategy and marketing plan?
What is it you're trying to do, achieve?
Have you measured and tested out for yourself?
What works for one business may not work for you and your audience.
195 Views

What does it mean when a man has a pillow ﬁght with his girl
best friend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It only means he is comfortable with you and....if he likes you, he hasn't the balls
to make the move.
A girl walks into my dorm if I was in college and does that, and I like her....I'm
going to make my move. If she don't like it and not into me, no problem. I found
out what I need to know and where I stand.
It looks like you're close as friends.
So if he is into you, then he will fear rejection. He will fear awkwardiness too.
No one here is going to know what it means.
But what I do know is, he's comfortable with you and that is all.
Until you make a move and show intent or he does, nothing is going to happen.
No use looking for signals either.
Yes, I know, I know - but it might be awkward, blah blah blah.
Heard a thousands times on Quora and from other people in life but that's how it
is.

I like to take risks. I like stepping into unknown. I like to know the truth. I like to
know where I stand.
But if it's school or college student, uni....many guys won't have the balls to really
show their true intent until they are 100% clear girls into them or...they are
drunk.
Take it that the guy is just comfortable being with you.
Not any other sign because signs are just easily deceptive at best of times. Or at
any time. That's why I don't look for them.
Waste of my time doing so.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why does a guy suddenly have interest in a girl when she puts
on more makeup? If a guy likes me only when I have makeup
on, does it mean he's shallow and has no genuine feelings?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As a guy, I'd be blunt to say, I am attracted to what I think is attractive. I see it
everywhere, since I was a kid. Magazines, music videos, movies, movie posters,
comics and so forth.
So through the years my mind is conditioned to what is beautiful.Perception you
see and perception is reality, it is true of one's mind. It is not the eyes that really
see. The eyes are but the window, the opening, the view in which the mind sees
and whatever is in my mind that says is beautiful...I gravitate towards it.
Then there is also my life, with music, with sketching too, painting, life drawing
of beautiful women. I have been brought up in that world and even in school,
college ans so forth.
So everywhere, the whole world, we are conditioned to what is valuable, what
isn't, what is good looking, what isn't, what is strong, what isn't. We are not
conditioned or taught really about from within.
When a woman puts makeup on and it transforms her look, makes her look
attractive in a visual sense then I will be aroused.
This will lead me to look at her overall ﬁgure too..her curves. Plus....I see her style
of clothes. I see the ﬂowing blonde hair, or red hair.
Though I like what I perceive as attractive, and though the makeup aroused me,
though it got my attention......it is not the deciding factor.
It only gets my attention.
It gets me to approach.
It is only percieved value. Perception. A dressing of the outside and not the
inside.
Now I am going to ﬁnd out absolute value.
These are her personality, who she really is, he social skills.
Is she socially awkward?
Is she too shy?
Can I have fun with her?
Can I have a conversation with her?

Is she sexually insecure or conﬁdent?
Is she sexually experienced?
Has she inscurity issues?
Is there a red ﬂag kicking oﬀ?
Is she polite? Is she approachable? Does she like people? How does she sees the
world? Is she spiteful? Is she good with people around us/with me?
How will she behave with me ﬁrst...then in my world, with my friends, with my
social circle, with people I know is where I really start to decide.
What's her career, is she passionate about it, or is it just purposeless?
What's her values? Am I going to have headache, hassles, problems with her in
future? Is she drama? Isshe kind, compassionate, forgiving or is she trying to be
all masculine, or is she controlling, does she get jelous so easily and possessive?
On and on and on.
Either in ﬁrst meeting or if logistics and timing is not there...i ﬁnd out later.
This will determine me to date, to get to know more etc.
There is attraction and there is liking someone for who there are.
Very diﬀerent altogether.
But you have to take into consideration this..
Is your guy mature and is he really into YOU?
With and without makeup?
I am into the women I date......with makeup and when they take it oﬀ. It doesn't
change for me.
Maturity, diﬀerent set of values and how I see the world and life.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Was this a date or hangout?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 19, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it's a date and he was just being polite to pay. The problem here is both of you
made error in regards to dating.
Where is the ﬂirting? Where is the teasing?
This is why I do not take dates to resturants ﬁrst or movies. I sexualise the shit out
of the ﬁrst date in a fun way. That way she knows it's a god damn date.
He didn't lead.
(See the comment under the answer for more details on how I show intent
when dating. Question was asked and I answered in more details on the step
by step actions and mindset..)
It's one of the biggest mistakes guy do. Nice...nice...play it safe... and it confuses
the woman big time.
Before the date, before meeting, this needed to be clear by his frame, his
behavior, his teasing, his ﬂirting, so clear that you know you're going on a date. So
he then needed to be direct on the date if that wasn't the case and he wasn't.

That is why you're confused.
Not because he paid or who pays.
Paying doesn't make it a date.
Think about it.
What's the diﬀerence between friends going out and couple dating?
The intent is clear. Their behavior is diﬀerent. There is a ﬂavour of sexual ﬂirting,
teasing in a subtle and yet still direct way.
I could go out with a woman right now, and I pay or she pays but it doesn't mean
it's a date UNTIL I behave in a certain way and she...recipocrates same.
When I date, she is going to know this is a date. I'm not fucking about being a nice
guy, gentleman and all that. I'll be polite but I'm going to let the woman know this
is on. I'm into her. This is a date.
There was no congruency, i.e. harmony of his true intent with you.
It's like teens in school.
They use wrong words "hangout" and then they go out together, and then next
day, they are confused.
Next minute the girl is saying, "I swear I don't what the hell this is. Maybe he
doesn't like me. Maybe he's not that interested in me. Not even a god damn
holding hands or a kiss."
Then the guy is same, playing safe and he's like, "what's wrong withn her? She
hasn't texted me, phoned me up and we went on a date!"
The meal, the resurant and the environment does not make it a date.
The intention and behaving sexual towards each other, being direct, showing
you're into each other, the feelings you create inside of each other is the key.
Instead of playing it safe, being scared because of "awkwardiness" and all that.
You can be sitting on a bench and do this and you will both know this is a date.
But when the behavior is missing...the ﬂirting, teasing, sexual tone is
missing...then it creates more awkwardiness.
More confusion.
So from one side, he didn't lead and be clear.
From your side, if you're unsure, you have this moment to ﬁnd out from him. No
matter of fear of loss, awkwardness because if you don't...well...this happens.
Open up. Don't worry about it being awkward.
We guys appreciate woman honesty. If she isn't clear and she asks, we don't see it
bad. We see it as you are communicating.
It's actually good. Positive.
If he doesn't like it....he's not one to date again then.
I personally like a woman to tell me how to do it better for her. It's feedback. I
want her to enjoy, to be happy, to experience what it's like for a woman to be
turned on, to be make her feel damn good and...knowing it's a date.
So communicate with him now before anything else. It's good that you do. This
builds comfort anyway. If awkwardiness or fear of awkwardiness is there then you

need to build more attraction and comfort.
Use the phone to do that.
Then take it from there.
All the best.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Emily Andrew

Would a girl be ﬂattered if I made her my women crush
Wednesday on social media?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She be ﬂattered if you found your balls, approached her face to face, and said
she's attractive but good looks are so common. And so, you want to ﬁnd out more
about her. Then suggest going out for a drink of coﬀee or whatever.
Social media is where her friends know her and so her relatives.
Best not.
Show restraint and approach her face to face and if you can't, don't do mess about
using social media.
It can be seen creepy doing that but most of all, you are doing it for some weak ass
response back. Top impress her. Supplication.
You think she doesn't get enough guys telling her she's attraction and hide
behind a computer screen?
Be diﬀerent that typical guys.
Approach her face to face and talk.
125 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend dumped me for my cousin and messed up a
budding relationship for me when I moved on. How do I
overcome the shame and betrayal I feel?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight. you met someone new, your ex hear about it, went to
the guy and told him some story. And.........this guy was immature, to believe all
that shit? Then the prioblem is not your ex.
The problem is you're attract guys who are fucking pathetic wussies.
I had the same thing but./..I was the guy the ex came to talk to and when the ex
was done, I said..
"And you want me to believe all you got to say beause you got all the good
intentions in the world, right? Isn't THAT RIGHT?"
He got the message. He walked oﬀ and out of the party with his girlfriend.
I didn't fade out of her life and it happened a day after I started dating her.
The girl I was dating was outside crying.
I just walked up to her, knelt down, pulled her up and said..
"So how about that dance? Then we'll go to that awesome resturant I told you
about."

We dated for 2 years and then she had to ﬂy to California as she found a job there.
She always wanted to go and live in California.
You see what I mean?
If I like the woman I am dating and her ex came to me telling me all sorts, I'm not
going to take that shit and project it. I'm not him. I'm me. I'm mature about
things. I don't know the guy and since I know he was the ex boyfriend, no way I
was going to believe anything he said. I saw it as spiteful, manipulative, jelous or
whatever. I saw he had issues not the woman I was dating.
So two things..
1. Date someone mature who can think for himself and wise enough to
understand when people do spiteful stuﬀ, they got an agenda.
2. Explain to him that sabotage might be on the way and if he's the type who can
think for himself or is like the rest of the idoits. In your polite way of course. This
is how I talk and my personality.
There is no shame. You got nothing to be ashamed of.
All the best and chin up
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why my ex gf wants to talk to me privately? After 6 months no
contacts
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be anything but even when she says that I'd say;
"The phone is private. So tell me on the phone..."
The reasons can be..
1. She's pregnant with your child. Get a DNA test.
2. She is pregnant but father is someone else and she wants you. (I'd move on)
3. She is not pregnant and wants to get back together
4. Something else
Whatever, I won't meet until she tells me on the phone.
No one here is going to know. We can't read her mind. So I wonder why didn't you
ask her on phone what is it she wants.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

I want to go out with her, should I hang out with her and then
ask her out while we're hanging out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Show true intent. Don't make the same mistake most guys make in being subtle,
trying to get close until you got courage to ask. You know, being friends and all
that in pretence you're not interested in her.
Be conﬁdent and seperate yourself from many guys who do that.
Approach the girl you like, conﬁdently, smile, make eye contact and ﬂirt. Tease,
be fun. Then talk...converse... and then ask her out.
Maybe there's a party happening, a place you like visiting or even a walk. Mention
what can happen so she can imagine it in her head.

Nothing big. Just for you to meet and enjoy time together.
No cinema. No movies. Walk, have fun, be active. Make it fun.
If she shows interest then exchange numbers so you can text or call to take her
out.
When meeting her act like a boyfriend rather than some chump who is scared to
hold her hand, kiss her on forehead. You're dating not hanging out like friends.
Don't fear loss. You fear then you'll always worried if whatever you do won't
impress her or annoy her.
Don't act like some platonic friend when you meet. Show diﬀerence in behavior
and in actions with her. It doesn't have to be big moves.
A hold of hands. A kiss on forehead when you embrace.
Or she will get confused and think you're just wanting to be friends.
Even if she refuses....or if she doesn't...she'll respect you for having the balls to do
what most typical guy won't.
So approach and be honest.
Just don't talk about love, romance and all that. Nothing serious.
One step at a time.
5 Views · View Upvoters

Dating Advice: I hung out with this girl recently and things
went great. We just met but I don't really understand exactly
what she is trying to say. Now she is slow at responding to text
messages. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What she says..
"I think I like you, your cool as hell and I can be myself around you and I love that,
but I've been talking to my sister and I don't think I really wanna date that's one of
the reason I took pof oﬀ. "
What the Black Book Says...
"I was curious but found out you're a nice guy. I just can't see myself being sexual
with you. I was expecting ﬁre, excitement, hot stuﬀ but it just didn't happen. I don't
want to say that because it is awkward to say that. I might bump into you again and
I don't want to make it awkward for me if we do just say hi. So I am making this
excuse as a way to let you down easily and reward you for trying. Oh, before I
forget...if I make more excuses, avoid you, etc....please take the hint.."
This is probably because you played it safe. So safe, she just was confused what it
is you wanted. Though she does mention date in text, so she must have known it
is a date but.....there was no sexual tension between you both.
It was like pals going out for a walk. Like hanging out with mates kind of the
thing. And even when you met you didn't kiss, become intimate and you again
played it safe. Safe. Platonic.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get a girl that people say is hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is something you have said in your question details.
She has said no to you for whatever reason.
One is you are far too close as a friend. Contrary to belief, being nice guy i.e. liking
a girl, waiting so long to approach, trying to be her friend.....being so available,
not showing your dating other girls, not a challenge but most of all...familiar can
work against you.
The ﬁrst steps you take most of the time, will dictate the relationship she sees you
in her mind. If you approached as a friend and if you've known her for sometime
now then for her, there is a risk....
"I get emotional support from him. I can talk, he listens, share my problems. He's
like my brother....sister....girl-friends."
In other words, there is comfort not attraction.
When I see questions like that and similar, I know where it comes from. Majority
is from guys who got too close, who want to get closer, date her and all that.
Making the escalation window to be attractive closed shut.
Yes, yes. I get it that some meet their lover in close social circle.
But believe me, I cannot be fucking assed by close social circles when I can just
approach tons of girls/women outside my social circle. I don't even need to touch
the close social circle due to the options you can create outside.
Due to also fear of rejection, lack of social skills to meet the world and approach
girls out of the close friend..friend social circle - guys focus on that one girl. That
one girl they know who is a friend.
However, if you got no options.....it's diﬀerent.
Options in which you have gone out into the world and approached girls and got
tons of numbers. Than focusing on one girl in a close social circle.
If it's painfully slow then you've done what most average typical guys do.
In doing what they do you're resource is empty.
You're resources are scarce and you will be doing under that mindset. Focusing
on someone close....a friend who is a girl.
And approaching with mindset to chase than pursue.
Pursuing is when a girl responds back in that she IS interested in the guy.
Chasing is when a girl isn't interested and she has said so....no matter what her
reasons maybe. That includes girls who play hard to get and who need to be left
alone so they bloody well learn....such things do nothing but lose the interst of
conﬁdent guys who got self respect.
What you may have experienced is that you approached her after knowing her for
sometime and she showed no interest.
Instead of saying no as in "NO I am not attracted to you, don't feel that way with
you she gave other reasons. Reasons to let you down easily.
Reasns that if some hot hunk she fantasizes about and admires appeared...she'd
say, "FUCK YEAH"
If the type of guy that is in her head appeared and approached, demonstrating
attrative qualities then she will say YES.
She will even worry if she's out of his league.

What reasons she probably gave to you?
It could be any of these right here...
"I am not reeady for a relationship right now."
"I'm not looking to date right now."
"I don't want the hassle and stress of dating a guy at moment. I don't want a
boyfriend right now.."
"I have just gone out of a relationship and so, I don't want to date anyone as yet..."
The problem when girls say that and especially when a guy lacks respirves and
hasn't self respect - is he will think she's just hard to get.
He will think there is....hope.
Hope is the biggest god damn bitch when it comes to dating and leads many guys
and girls on some fantasy trip.
What she is really saying is...
"Look. You're someone I know really well. Very close friend and..I am not
attracted to you sexually and any way shape of form in regards to dating with you.
But I don't want to say that because it be awkward. It might cause conﬂict and I
might risk losing a friend. If I say no, you'll persist and I don't want you too. I have
tried to say no to guys before....but they just won't let go. ...."
Adding...
"So I have to say something else. That I don't want the hassle, the stress, the
games, the bs of dating a boyfriend right now. I just want to be single but really I
am not attracted to you in that way. I don't see you in that way."
This is not a girl who is playing hard to get or hard.
This is a girl who isn't attracted to you in that way. She is saying no. She isn't hard.
She isn't easy either.
She is a girl who made a choice to say no but in a way that is comfortable for her
and she hopes you walk away.
She hopes you won't do what most typical, desperate, needy guys and keep
chasing her. All because they have no balls and self respect to walk away and just
approach many girls out there.
So go out and approach girls.
Go and build your life.
Don't focus on one girl. It's not like you're looking to marry and have 5 kids.
Then maybe, she may see a change in you.
I am saying maybe. Not that it will happen and not to bank on it either.
But maybe, when she sees other attractive girls dating you....you're having fun
with your life, you hit the gym, dress great.....she might see that the guy in the
map in her head can be....you.
That's hope and hope is a bitch.
So even though I say maybe, have then mindset that you don't care. You're going
out there to approach girls, she can stay where she is to be your friend and you
just do your thing.
You might ﬁnd as I have and many I know.

You wonder what the hell you saw in her because you're now dating someone
else, who is attractive in your mind, who is loving who you are and you are having
the time of your life.
It happens.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to enter a relationship if you don't want to get
married?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. I do it all the time.
The key is to be upfront, honest, transparent by saying what you want without
fear of loss. You won't be the only one who likes to date or have a relationship but
don't want to get married.
That is why there are diﬀerent types like fuckbuddy, polygamy and so forth. You
decide what you want and don't be afraid to be honest.
That way people will know what you want and can help or...women will know
what you want and it will help. It will attract ones who are similar in how you see
life and dating.
So yes.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get my relationship back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know this may sound harsh but....back away right now.
Do not communicate and invest time. He's using you for emotional support to get
over you. If he can get all that for free from you, the listening, the easy availability
and all that...he will not miss you anyway.
So distance yourself.
Be a challenge.
Back away.
He needs to feel what it is like to not have you in his life.
"feeling incapable of love" my ass.
Distance yourself.
Don't waste your time on being friends as you're into him and it probably won't
go anywhere. Who knows but being available and all that won't do much good in
attracting an ex back anyway.
Don't put your life and dating on hold for him if nothing is going to happen. If he
doesn't want to date and all that.
So distance yourself and focus your priority elsewhere.
Preferrably on a guy who wants you and is interested in you more than just a
friend. #
Don't be his mother or his therapist.
741 Views · View Upvoters

What are the chances I could meet a boy I would like by the end
of the year?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wrong question to ask.
The question to ask is...
"what am I going to do, to increase my chances to attract a boy I like by end of the
year."
Now....what are you going to do?
Then go and do it without excuses. I don't want to hear...
"I'm shy."
"I'm introvert"
"Oh this."
"That."
You want it, then ﬁgure out how to do it and go for it.
It's what I did as a shy, introvert. I let go of these shells and went for it. Changed
my life in an amazing way.
So ask the right questions and focus on the solution, that are actionable.
""What am I going to do, to increase my chances to attract a boy I like by end of
the year."
Now you've asked the question that will help you....you learn how to become
approachable as a girl to attract a guy.
289 Views · View Upvoters

What are some words to say or text a woman to convince her to
sleep with you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Have you read romance novels?
I'm not talking about being some wuss knight but something else. Notice how
sex, is not on page one but rather rather in chapter 5?
Sometimes past 50-100 pages?
The reason that happens is because....
They ﬁrst build sexual tension and for that to happen, from my own personal
experience, I ﬁrst fuck her mind, turn her mind on...before I fuck her body.
I love doing it too.
Playing, having fun with the woman, seeing her open up, being comfortable,
showing her interest and being able to ﬂirt in such a way it makes her pussy wet.
Doing so, without even a touch.
Mind ﬁrst. Body follows mind.
Even when meeting a woman face to face, I am focusing on attraction, being fun,
tease, ﬂirt, qualifying her too, and sprinkling comfort. Slight touch as we
converse on hand, on shoulder like it's the most natural thing in world.

But what I am doing is fucking her mind.
So it is attraction ﬁrst.
The diﬀerence is guys go full on with romantic bs, and sex straight away.
They want to confess their devotion. They want to tell a woman their poems.
They want to impress her. They want to fuck her right here and now.
Instead of understanding and appreciating the very fact she doesn't know the
guy. She is cold at moment. There is some attraction but he needs to build on it
more and get her warm, then warmer, then hotter, then...
"OMG just fuck me" and this will not be done in words at times but actions.
Guys see visual ﬁrst and that goal....
The visual of a woman's gorgeous tight ass in the Yoga pants or Jeans, the tits, her
ﬂowing hair, the way she is dressed gets the man attracted. Her kneck line you
want nuzzle and kiss, the clevage you want brush your ﬁnger tips on. The nipples
you want to lick and swirl as she closes her eyes and..
You get the idea.
But with women you have to fuck their mind ﬁrst.
Man is goal orientated.
He sees a woman. Wants to fuck her.
Yes...I WANT TO FUCK HER.
When I see an attractive woman, her ass, her tits, her curves, I want to fuck her. I
don't know why women and guys make this damn complicated.
It is due to this honesty I get women saying yes later on. They won't say no
straight away but later, yes. Probably sick of the damn nice guys who think
impressing her, being so nice and pretending she isn't attractive that she is bored
of that shit.
I get women sending me messages on Quora because of this honesty.
Nothing ashamed about being sexual guy or sexual woman but....we have to also
realise the process in how to get from A to Z.
Doing so, taking the time to learn, taking the time to fuck her mind ﬁrst makes
her feel so damn alive. It is the FEELING that's the key here. You're showing you
know she's a woman with feelings, emotions, cold and hot, up, down, intelligent,
smart, thinker, and sensual.
Not a hole to fuck.
First is attraction and you don't text seduction until you build on attraction. Then
you build on qualifying her so she don't waste your time.
Is she really interested?
Or is she some woman wanting attention?
You qualify. You meet up.
Through the process or transition of meeting face to face.....you build on comfort
and it will still have attraction. Meaning, you don't confess Your love, tell her your
life problems and bang everything on a plate.
You don't meet to impress her.

You don't seek response or validation so you're afraid to be a man and say what
you want to say, and do what you want to do. Many fear loss and play so safe, that
they kill the attraction.
They just do comfort and too serious at that.
Instead, be light hearted, not too serious as you also build comfort.
As she gets comfortable with you in meetings face to face, in phone conversation,
she opens up and you hear words like..
"Fuck."
"Masturbate."
"Toys."
"Pussy"
"Positions."
Now your both sexually teasing each other so hard on text and it's mutual and
doing so even when face to face, in a fun way, everyone you walk by is oblivious to
the fun both of you are doing.
All this is arousing her and turning her on.
Later....you will lead to seduction....sex and even then, you don't let up in fucking
her mind. Just a touch gets her body tingling.
Just a brush of your lips on her kneck gets her to quiver.
I enjoy the process. I love it. I enjoy seeing her delight in the pleasure in seeing
her eyes light up, hearing her groan as she places her hand on zipper.
Feeling her heart beat faster, feeling her breasts on my shirt getting stronger,
feeling her nipples tighten and the rhyhm of her whole body talking to me.
Going home to her or wherever and you still turn her mind on,.
Until she is so damn wet, so wanting, she is grabbing your belt buckle and ripping
your jeans oﬀ.
All this can happen fast or slow. It all depends on the guy and the woman he's
with. It can happen on day they meet or weeks, or whenever.
It all depends on diﬀerent variables I won't get into.
Just know that just because you see the progression - it doesn't mean it happens
through a span of weeks, days, or months.
It can happen in a day or two days or longer.
So attraction ﬁrst.
Comfort next
Seduction later.
Know the diﬀerence and know why these mean a lot to a woman you want to
date.
Oh yeah..
And screw pick up lines.
I don't need to say anything awesome. That's just seeking validation. Sure, use
them to help but then you got to ﬁnd yourself. You got to bring yourself out of the

box because life doesn't happen like some structure.
It is crazy.
It's spontaneous.
It comes with challenges and you need to be quick in your thinking which takes
experience and self awareness.
You got to hold your own.
When you do....you won't need the pick up lines.
35.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says she's doing her when you're
trying to get with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In other words she means..
"Look. I've just come out of a relationship and I gave lots to that guy and nothing.
So now, I am going to spend time for myself, give to myself and not date any guys.
EXCEPT if some new guy appears and he a 10 inch dick, is a hunk and
looking at him gets me all wet and wild........then I'll forget all that and go
with him and we'll fuck each other all night, every-night..."
Therefore....
She doesn't see the oﬀer appealing i.e. dating you.
Not as great as her plan in just having fun being single, and spending time with
herself.
It is not appealing enough for her to say yes to you.
She is...not into you and not enough to leave her new single life to date you. The
oﬀer is just not good enough for her and does not stimulate her emotionally.
So back away and move on.
She's doing her...until someone who really gets her appetite wet to change that.
Unfortunately, it won't be you.
Move on.
5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kameron Martin

Do guys prefer girls who play "hard to get" over girls who are
straightforward?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do guys like it when girls play hard to get?

I don't have to. I'm not like some guy who believes in then "one" and "she's my
soul mate" bs. Instead, I don't have to fall for that.
Reason being I got options.
A man of self respect has options. I do the same in business. I don't have one
customer and chasing this customer to convince. They follow the system,
information, and if interested walla...and I'll have many customers.
Same with women.

I don't have one phone number. I don't approach one woman. I approach many
and I have lots of numbers.
One plays hard to get, no problem....NEXT.
It is as simple as that for me. No, it is not interesting for me if there is a chase. I do
not chase. I pursue.
Pursuing is approaching a girl and she knows I'm interested in her and she shows
she's interested in me. Great. We move on to next base.
Chasing is a girl who don't know what the fuck she wants, has insecurity issues,
believes in all that Hollywood, Bollywood, Romance and magazine BS. She will
play hard to get and she can go ahead do so to the many chumps who put pussy
above their emotional state and self respect.
I back away and delete her number and move on to next.
That's how I date faster, have more fun going out with women, and cruising.
Here's how I see it in my own words......
You can keep me waiting
Until you make the time to call me back
Give me false hopes and expectations
Baby, you can do all that
You can play any kind of mind games
Give me all you got
Pretending I don’t exist – so what?
You don’t realise I got the magic bullet
Every game you play, I already knew it
I could analyze your silence like a rocket scientist
Decode your signals like a psycho-therapist
Get past the smoke and mirrors
Or play it cool, like you don’t exist
I could read all the books on how to past the test
I could work down the playa’s list
Play the game; you’ll by my quest
See who can play the longest
Fuck that shit...I'm just going to dance
Dance...Dance...Dance..
If there’s any love
It’ll ﬁnd its way
I’m just gonna dance
Now get the fuck out of my way
I'm going to...dance with the girl

Who knows how to dance
(lyrics by Adam Taha)
280 Views · View Upvoters

How do you transition (as a man) from the casual fun
conversation to "I'm actually interested in you, let's meet
again"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So there was these guys.
They were like most guys. They'd wouldn't take action until they knew the
subject well. But in all their knowing.....they never succeeded in one part of his
life.
Girls/Women
Amongst them was one guy called Adam Taha.
He would hear them say...
Guy 1 - All they go for are badboys
Guy 2 - I gave her time, helped her out and she goes of fucking that asshole
Guy 3 - Yeah, women just want badboys not nice guys like us
Like being nice entitles them to get a girl smiling, saying hi back, dating them
and even having sex. None of them really asked these girls out. They just did
what feminine do.
Give out some dumb ass signals due to fear of rejection. Over thinking
everything. Read about dating. Asking tons of questions but never really taking
action.
But (Adam Taha) saw it diﬀerent.
He didn't really give a shit about being a master. He didn't care about everything
got to be perfect.
His philosphy was from a quote he once saw in an old crumbled newspaper which
slapped his face when he was a kid, walking to get cigs for his Uncle.
"Do the thing and you shall have power."
Now he didn't know the full meaning of this quote but he took it to heart. He
liked the quote and he applied what it said..
"DO.....THE...THING AND.....YOU SHALL HAVE POWER."
He kept on saying this over and over again as he started to do what made most
guys who knew him think he's out of his mind.
He just went in there and dived in.
Whenever he saw a girl at school he approached....and approached more
girls...and more girls.
Adam's friends used to kind make fun of him.
Why?
Because this guy would be getting rejectiongs like it was fucking Christmas
everyday. You know Christmas? Where people suppose to send you Xmas cards
and no one fucking does and you wonder..

"SHIT. I am alone. No one even knows I exist!"
It was like that, everyday for Adam Taha
And everytime these guys saw Adam they'd laugh and make fun to say,...
Friends - cupids not doing much good hey Adam
Adam - (not saying a word)
Friends - Hahaha. Did she also say no?
Adam - (not saying a word)
He just kept on going approaching more girls and this time he approached college
girls. He kept on doing so for one year while thinking..
"DO THE THING...AND....YOU SHALL HAVE POWER."
He also approached girls in the street, city centre, supermarket, cafe shop and
whenever he saw a girl he liked....he approached.
Even his mum thought he was out of his mind because he'd be walking and..
Adam - Mom, 2 sec
He'd see a girl and walk up to her and start chatting. She'd see him get rejected
but Adam didn't care. He just thought about his one thing..
"DO THE THING...AND YOU SHALL HAVE POWER.."
One year later, something happened.
It was like something inside of him clicked.
You see, while he was doing the approaching, he looked at it like he was learning.
He would document what was happening, what need to change and he called his
journal the Secret Black Book.
H ﬁgured out, his parents knew fuck all about dating.
He realised society knew fuck all about how it really is and how so many are
scared to say how it really is due to their own fears of being judged.
Even women too.
He discovered that many people wore social mask and with it comes the fear of
loss. The fear of being judged. The fear of not being accepted...validated....liked
and all of it was just about getting a response.
He realised why his friends failed in attracting girls and he ﬁgured out detailed
progression that is emotional and began using it.
At ﬁrst he thought he was lucky but everytime he did it.....he got better results.
He still got rejections but they were less than ever before.
He even got women to say yes immediately for coﬀee and made it into some
romantic crazy adventure to which it would end in kisses, holding hands,
embraces and meeting him again.
He wondered for sometime on why school, college, universities don't teach this.
He wondered why Hollywood movies, Bollywood, romance movels didn't write
the real deal. It was only through doing the thing that he gained what no book
could ever give him.
TRUTH. The experience and the fearlesness to walk up to a woman and say any
god damn thing to her and he won't give a damn if she walked away.

He went so far for his own ego, to try and kill it by doing what scared most people.
He'd approach women and say..
"Excuse me, but I was walking to the shop and I saw you. I had to come over
because I wondered what it feel like to gice an attractive woman like you multiple
orgasms."
Some women thought he was an asshole
Some thought he was a perv
Some thought he was downright crazy
Some thought he was drunk
But the few said, "why don't you ﬁnd out?"
And found out he did.
He would go to the extreme to kill his ego and detache himself from the social
conditioning of doing things to be accepted. He wanted to be free but he like
everyone else, are human.
Even though he approached and got good at it, the fear was still there.
The diﬀerence is that he didn't look at what he was thinking but....focused
on...his..BEHAVIOR.
In that magic moment he realised what that quote meant..
"DO THE THING....AND...YOU SHALL HAVE POWER..."
So to not be fearful of the unknown.
Rather go into the unknown. Just do the thing. Focus on your behavior rather the
stories the brain is narrating out of fear.
The brain will automatically trigger a knee jerk reaction to prevent a guy to
approach with stories which creates emotions, and gets the guy to rationalise to
not approach.
But if you focus on behaviour, on the action, in doing....immediately when you
see a woman....and not worry what you say....you are doing the thing.
In time you shall gain experience to have power.
The fear that one will screw up needs to taken out of the equation. You will screw
up. You will mess up for a while but it doesn't matter.
It doesn't because a woman will see you diﬀerent to most guy.
It can also be cute, sexy that a man who is shy or nervous approaches anyway as it
shows he does like her. It shows conﬁdence and this is attractive.
DO THE THING...
AND
YOU SHALL HAVE POWER
He didn't discover a secret but rather structural patterns and he designed it for
himself to apply to keep it simple.
But the answer to how to approach was simple and yet complex because there
was questions to answer..
1. The logistics. Is it in street, day or night, nightclub, supermarket?

Because he discovered each one needs a diﬀerent approach. In the night club it
was more direct approach. He would tease sexually heavily, be a lot more fun.
For example in a night club, if he saw a woman looking at him, he'd approach and
say...
"Just because you're cute doesn't mean you can't come over and say hi. You shy or
something?"
In the day time, it was less direct and yet he still showed true intent...
"Excuse me, I was just walking to the bank (or whatever) and I saw you and had to
come over to say you're attractive (or cute). But good looks are so common. Hi my
name is Adam. Who are you?"
2. The Transition
He would learn diﬀerent ways to transition. He'd pick on what she is wearing,
where she is going, about why she is here and really, anything.
It still be light hearted, fun, tease but not too much. He'd bring it down the
teasing by just sahing..
"Ok, for real, no games. What are you doing around here?"
Then a conversation will start.
Through it he built comfort and if he can increase the comfort to get her to come
with him to a cafe to talk....he found it reduces ﬂakes. He discovered it gave him
more success because she got to know a little about him and he got to know her.
There are other steps like qualifying her, comfort and right to seduction. Each has
it's own ﬁeld of knowledge.
So the answer is...
DO THE THING AND YOU SHALL HAVE POWER - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Focus on the behavior not the thoughts in our heads
See the woman and approach immediately and don't worry if you mess up. Just
do.
You cannot think about perfection or mastery when a man is starting from Zero.
He must do and do some more to gain experience.
DO THE THING AND YOU SHALL HAVE POWER -Ralph Waldo Emerson
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think having an older sister gives a guy an advantage
over other guys when it comes to dating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Shit no. Forget sister. How about 4 sisters. Forget 4 sisters. How about mother.
Still no. She should give me the edge right?
Well it went like this...
Mom - You need to be a gentleman, nice man.
Me - What you on about mom. Don't advise him (my brother) on dating. Jeesh.
You want him to be a virgin age age 50?
Mom - But I married your dad didn't I? I got him!
Me - Yeah It was easy. You got an arrange marriage and married at age 14!

So no, it won't give you the advantage of guys when it comes to dating.
What will?
You approach girls every damn day. Go through rejection. Just go through the
pain and in two years.....you will be so ahead in knowledge, you can burn all the
pickup artist books in the damn bin.
If you want to cut that down to 3 months....hire a hard nut dating coach who
won't be scared to tell you the truth. He'll go out with you every day and you learn
as you watch and he'll throw you in there to help you get good at it.
And if one say "but two years? But 6 months?" They will go by anyway, whether
you do or don't.
951 Views · View Upvoters

Last month my girlfriend & I had a ﬁght & I made the approach
to ﬁx things. Now i feel weak, should I?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She didn't need an apology. She needed to see your "love" in action and by that,
you do what you do when riding a storm.
The waves are coming hard and you don't supplicate to it. Begging for it to go
away Fearful of losing.
You look at the waves and adjust the sail to go with the wind.
Same here.
She needed to see you can take all that shit and without buckling, without getting
angry, without dissappearing and apologising. Instead, you listen and when she
is done, like a lover...you pin her to the wall.
"You're so damn fucking sexy."
Love isn't shown by you saying "sorry" due to fear of loss.
That's not love.
That is fear.
If you didn't fear loss. If you didn't fear losing her...how would you behaved
diﬀerently?
Think about that.
Let me give you an example...
One of the things women I date just can't understand. No matter what they do, no
matter how they shout, no matter them trying to start a ﬁght, for whaever
reason...
They get me just chilled.
When done....
I walk up, pin her to the wall, and say, "you're so damn fucking hot."
Woman - I'm serious
Me - Me too.
And I go down on her and eat her out and when done, I smile, put my jacket on as
she just stares at me wondering..

"WTF just happened."
And I can see she falls on sit with her looking at me with a smile, like she is high,
gone.
"I'll be back. Going to get some cigs. Damn you're sexy."
Now I understand about abuse mate. I'm not talking about that. I don't condone
that. But this was an argument and I was like..
"Let her talk.."
And then I adjusted the sail.
Masculinity isn't shouting, beating, slapping, raising louder.
It is calm, power, strength, fucking balls and show that nothing intimidates my
mindset, Nothing.
And no matter what anyone says, and "oh if i was here...." bs.
It has worked all the time for women I have dated.
Strength, a rock, a man who no matter the storm goes crazy...he shows his love
that he is not intimidated and dictated.
He dictates his mindset and he shows his love by how strong he is and how he can
take whatever BS she gives.
Rant...nag...nag...and rant some more.
It is not going to knock me oﬀ my centre. I know who I am. I don't need validation
that I am a man. I don't need to supplicate.
You feel weak not because you apologised.
You feel weak because you supplicated. You proved to her you're love isn't that
strong. It is weak. It is coming from fear not pride, courage and dignity.
It comes from....(what was it you said?)....oh yes..
"....I don't want to lose her"
Man who fears loss is a man that will be dictated by his fear not by his greater
purpose in life.
His masculinity gone, out of the window and no more is his love true to what he
says it is. It is but words to her and she saw it was words.
Reﬂect, evaluate and move forward.
607 Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if a guy has friend-zoned me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes we have this power. This amazing super whopping power. With the wave of
our hand you will be lifred up in the air, thrown in the corner as a big cage slams
on top of you. You're friends see you screaming for help as you reach out your
hands, pleading for them to get you out.
But they can't.
It's magical and guarded by Shadow Hunters.
You realise you are doomed. Yes, doomed forever and no one can save you from
this enduring place called the..FREEEINND ZZZZZZZZOOOOOONE!

TA TA TAAAAAAAAAAA!
Yes, just by our eyebrows we can make your whole body tingle.
We can make ass wiggle.
We can make your tits dance.
We can control you with secret mind control techniques and drive you to the
friendzone.
Now anyone who believes that is oﬀ their rocker.
Because...The friendzone...doesn't exist the way most think.
It exists only in your mind and in the behavior you demonstrate.
Girl likes guys.
Guy is not interested.
Guy doesn't care
Guy likes someone else.
That is seen as a friendzone.
But it's only the guy is not interested in that type or relationship. He probably just
doesn't see a girl that way. He just wants to be friends and nothing more.
You see....
You can at anytime walk away.
You can think..
"Well, he doesn't like me. He''s not attracted to me. Stuﬀ it. I'm walking away and
focusing on some guy who is going to be attracted to me."
You can forget texting him, calling him, laugh at his crap jokes and stop hanging
out with him like you're his pal.
You can distance yourself and date some other guy. You can show you is a datable
girl and hot, sexy and you're too damn busy walking about like pals.
You can dress up ﬁne and attract guys into you.
And walla!
The cage lifts up in the air.
The Shadow Hunters dissappear like magic.
And you are FREE from clutches and the cage of the...FRRRIIIIEND ZONE.
Ta Ta Taaaaaaaaaaaaa!
It's like guys. You know the nice guys. No not the nice guys who are nice and
conﬁdent to approach a girl they like immediately - and if she says no, they like..
"Meh, no problem" and they walk oﬀ, don't give her time, attention, texting and
no phoning, and no hanging out with her. They have the balls to walk away and
approach someone else because they got self respect.
I'm talking the nice guys who like a girl.
For 3 years they don't say shit to her.
They pretend to be friends.

Just so they can get into her pants.
Oh they'll orbit around her, laugh at her shit jokes and if she does something
annoying, they won't step up and have boundaries and say....
"Stop acting like a bitch. Jeeesh. You remind me of those bratty girls I don't like,"
and walks away.
No they won't. But they will supplicate, kiss her ass, hang out and hoping that one
day...just one day...she might just fall for them.
But she doesn't.
Instead she dates someone else and walla.
Then this nice guy starts talking about how all badboys get the girls and how he
did this, and that for her and how he was nice and still it wasn't enough.
She didn't even know he liked her until 1 year or two years, or 3 years. Some even
10 years. Yes, it happens.
The girl will grow and get married and still they are pining over her.
This is same with girls who go some crush on some guy.
You see that behavior.
You reverse it.
You have self respect.
You don't change for him really.
You change or do whatever for yourself.
Get out of the friendzone?
Meh. You just walk away and focus your attention on a guy who likes you for who
you are, and date him.
Distance yourself from this guy.
Go and date someone else.
Do whatever and give your attention to someone who will love it, and who will
want to so badly date you because you're hot, sexy, smart to him.
He won't want you to be his friend.
He will want you to be the girlfriend.
It's attraction.
This other guy just wants to be friends. Nothing else and nothing more.
Now if you want that great.
If not.....move on and ﬁnd yourself a guy who wants you as his girlfriend.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it wrong to politely decline a date if you don't ﬁnd that
person physically attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I do it all time. I'm not going to be daft saying yes to a woman I am not
attracted to. That's the point of attraction. You need to be attracted to her and if
you are not physically attracted to her, there is nothing wrong with that.

Be honest and just say...
"Thank you. I'm ﬂattered but I don't see you in this way."
Know what you want and go for what you want.
Don't be ashamed of that and don't let society or anyone dictate that for you. You
need to be honest with yourself ﬁrst.
So don't feel pressured to say yes when you're not attracted to her physically.
What's the point because this is what your desire is, need is. You go against it
because of society, shallow and all that bs, and you end up unhappy and hurt
someone for leading them on.
Know what you want, be honest with it and go for what you want.
I like ass. Tits, curves. I'm not letting anyone dictate anything else to me. Of
course she will need to click in personality too but I want to be physically
attracted to her too.
I'd never have sex with a woman I am not physically attracted to.
Just be nice, politely, and say you're ﬂattered but no.
5k Views · View Upvoters

What things should I prioritize working on if I am a guy who is
trying to become datable?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just do one thing for now to get comfortable in your own skin with women.
Approach everyone and not just women. Just approach people and say hello.
Start small and in the habit of pushing out of the comfort zone.
Just keep doing that and be ready because some people will just grunt, or think
you're weird but don't worry about it.
People have been socially conditioned to be suspicious and scared but...there are
people who will welcome a hello, a hi.
Even ask directions just so you get used to approaching people.
Keep doing so until you start to feel it is natural for you to approach strangers.
Then begin to approach women.
Just focus on that and nothing else for at least 6 months.
Forget getting a date, intimacy, showing aﬀection, sex and all that. First get this
foundation sorted out.
Put yourself out there to learn to grow.
Then when you get good at approaching women to say hello, you can add little
bits..
Which I won't go into as you don't want to be overwhelmed.
So just focus on the above I've mentioned.
Forget about getting numbers, dates and all that for now.
When you get past 6 months of doing this consistently, let me know and I'll give
you more steps to move forward.
516 Views · View Upvoters

This guy in my school always locks eyes with me until I look
away but he never makes a move. Why? He doesn't look shy at
all, he looks conﬁdent.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how women diﬀerentiate men who are conﬁdent and men who are not?
1. The guy knows what he wants
2. He goes for what he wants
3. And if rejected, he has the balls to walk away keep going to get what he wants
from someone else.
You see, many guys will pretend to be a lot of things but standing, staring at a girl,
locking eyes does not mean conﬁdence.
It means hesistency if he likes you and doesn't approach.
Bring hesistent is a killer when it comes to dating. Many guys will look at a
woman and some will lock eyes but deep down it's...
"She's out of my league."
"What if she rejects me."
"Other people around so if I get rejected I'll look stupid."
I have took guys who look real conﬁdent in city centre and they'll smile, look, lock
eyes with women but dread approaching them.
For me, no problem. I approach but that came from years of doing, experience,
growing inside and this right now...is school.
Some guys are not even close to what they are projecting with appearances.
So, if he does like you, if he's attracted to you but isn't approach then he fears
rejection.
What Can You Do?
Don't just look at him. Smile. Yes, SMILE big.
Brush your hair back to show your kneck and keep smiling at him.
Even wave at him if you have the courage for him to walk over.
Be approachable
I'm not saying chase.
I'm not saying playing hard to get either.
I am saying, "know what you want and go for it."
Understand many guys at school is all about appearances. They look conﬁdent
but really, when it comes down to it - they all talk but no action.
It doesn't mean they are weak. It doesn't mean they are not normal.
It just means they haven't grown, lived, understood certain things and have the
experience to not fear the unknown. Many will be so hungry in seeking a
response, validation, acceptance and to be...liked.
It's fear.
So guys at school will deﬁnitely bes looking for a sign and guys who look for signs
are terriﬁed to make the intial move.

They fear rejection.
They are really terriﬁed at not being liked by the girl they like.
I was diﬀerent.
I came from a very poor country and I learnt early on to never be afraid of the
unknown. If I did...I would die. I would not ﬁnd food. The whole family would
have suﬀered and I was eldest out of all siblings.
So when I came to England, I had balls. Big brass steel balls. I was not coming to
play half heartedly. I was going to go for whatever I want, when I want and in my
own terms.
I was diﬀerent to most guys. Not better than them. Just diﬀerent in seeing life
diﬀerently. That's all.
These guys at school will want to be 100% crystal clear you're into them.
A conﬁdent guy and with experience isn't going to look for signs. He knows there
is no use looking for them because most girls might just ﬂirt for attention, our of
boredom, to show oﬀ to their mates or for fun.
So he will ﬁnd out if the girl/woman is someone he likes to date. Attraction gets
his attention but then he'll approach to check your personality out, if you got
some insecurities, if you're conﬁdent, if you're playful or turn into an ogre
snapping at him in front of people.
He will approach you, smile, tease in a positive way, ﬂirt and start converse. He
will suggest if you to go out and drink and chill.
If you show clear interest then he will end up asking for your number.
If all else fails then approach him. Just start a conversation. Flirt, show interest
and that might boost his self esteem to lead a little.
28.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can one become more conﬁdent at answering questions
on Quora? How was it for you when you ﬁrst started answering
questions on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the problem right here...
"I feel that they are going to be ridiculous compared to some awesome ones I
upvoted before.Another thing is that I am a freshman in college and I am
completely convinced that I don't know anything about life compared to the
cool/famous/inspiring/wiser people I came across here.."
You can practise until you're blue in the face but conﬁdence will not come by that
alone and nor is it the start.
You need to look at the underlining root of your challenge you want to overcome.
It is the wearing of the social mask which is your ego.
The social mask we wear in society can prevent you ever growing to what you
want to be and robs you - and - people of what you got to oﬀer. It is not that you
think you have nothing to oﬀer or big enough to oﬀer.
It is due to you wearing this mask.
It is a mask to seek response
A mask to seek acceptance

A mask to seek approval
A mask to seek validation
When you wear this mask then you are coming from a dark place. It is fear. You do
things for a....response.
And when you do things for a response....instead of doing it with passion....you
will always be dissappointed. You will always fall short because we live in a world
that isn't perfect...and with human beings who are not perfect.
Human beings with their own fears, emotions, perception and perception is their
reality.
You cannot then try to write in a way to please.
You will lose yourself.
You need to ﬁrst sort the way you think and by that, I mean, you need to stop
comparing yourself with people.
You see people perfect. You see people with tons of vote. You see people have lots
of comments on their answers.
What you don't see is the fuck ups in our lives, the mess, the hard times, the
struggles, the failures, our fears and all the things you cannot see beyond this
screen.
Do not measure yourself by what someone else is done and achieved.
Measure it by the size of your dream, your purpose, what your goals are and go for
them.
When you write you are saying to yourself..
I MATTER.
Now that doesn't mean someone will give a shit but you see, it won't matter
because you took oﬀ that social mask. You let go of the ego.
You write for something bigger.
When what you desire to achieve is bigger than what someone else thinks, if
someone will vote, if someone will downvote, if someone will disagree.....then
you will write and ignite people's hearts.
Not everyone but those who matter.
Those who connect with your message.
Let go of your social mask ﬁrst. Let go of the need to be approved, validated, and
forget about these vote buttons.
And write from within and share.
If you want to get good at writing then know, practising isn't enough. You got to
practice the right way. So invest time in some skills regarding writing to
communicate and get your message across.
For example, if I practise playing a guitar for 10,000 hours the wrong way then I
damage myself. But if I know how to practise properly, get some real expert
advise which I did...I cut that down to 50% and more...and get there faster.
I learnt this in sports.
I learnt this in martial arts.
I learnt this in writing books for other people.

I learnt this in being a musician.
That practising isn't the key but practising the right way is the key and doing so,
with a mindset of self awareness.
Not for approval. Not for seeking a response to feel good.
But because......you got something to say.
Now, you know you got something to say. So stand up for it. Believe in it and do
not worry about what society say.
Rather celerrate the diﬀerence of opinions even if you don't agree.
And if you don't agree....speak up.
After all, you're not here to win an award, get paid or for votes.
This won't be easy in the beginning but as you keep doing, you will become
stronger. You're heart will pound and you'll feel nervouse.
It's natural. Take one step at a time. Hit the submit button when you're done.
You're here because you got something to say and what you say will impact
others. Just because someone doesn't comment or vote, doesn't mean someone's
life hasn't been changed or they began to see things diﬀerently.
So..
1. Let go of the social mask. It comes from fear. Write because you got something
to say instead of seeking response.
2. Don't compare yourself to others. No one is perfect. We all got our ﬂaws. Belief
in yourself and stand up for what you write.
3. Practice but learn to practice in a way that is helps you. You can cut out a lot of
time and get to where you want to go faster.
421 Views · View Upvoters

When and why do men feel trapped with a woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is that men and women have this tendency to fuck it all up in the
beginning.
How?
They try to change the person.
You see, what "normal" is to some people, is not so normal to someone else. Or at
least not a desire one likes to pursue.
So some men won't be going to be with a woman for long if she starts pushing for
long-term relations when he doesn't want one.
Or if he is not into marriage and doesn't want children to then push for that.
She needs to ﬁnd someone else who wants what she wants.
Pushing a guy like me, no matter how attractive the woman is, will only create
resentment in me and I will call it of. I am willing to walk away.
I'm not looking for marriage and dating one woman.
It's just not me and I have come to terms with that.

So in the beginning, she needs to ﬁrst know the type of man she wants and then
qualify, ﬁlter, screen out until she gets to this type of man.
Trying to change a guy who is not into monagmous type of relationship but likes
to date diﬀerent women into a one to one exclusive relationship will result in him
walking away.
Trying to change a man who is really looking for what some women might be
looking for is going to end in disaster.
Yes, some men might not say what they really want and evade the questions.
I don't.
I like a woman to know where I stand, what I am looking for and that way we can
save time. No use deluding ourselves and hurting each other.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Do men really prefer skinny women over a medium-sized
woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jul 15, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy and sometimes it changes.
For example...
I'm an ass man. I love a woman with great ass and I don't mean massive but she is
slim but has great shape voluptuous ass, and tits.
But sometimes, I'll see a woman who isn't slim and I don't know why, but I ﬁnd
her attractive. She will be a little overweight to society standards and I'm
like..."wow, she's fucking gorgeous."
Then there are times, where I see woman with Yoga pants and she has great ass
but tits not much, but I think, "she is sexy."
And sometimes I see a woman who for most guys is average looking on face, body
and I think, "Hello there. Where the hell you've been hiding..."
Sometimes I prefer younger women and then I see a woman in her 40's and I'm
like..
"She is very attractive.." because of her cute face, those glasses she wears and the
way she dresses...and holds herself.
And yes, there'll be times I see a woman who is skinny and I am attracted to her.
So as you can see, it's not as simple for some men.
Some men might like one preference but others like me, may prefer diﬀerent at
diﬀerent moments in our lives.
6.8k Views · View Upvoters

Who likes exploring the world and seeks new places?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Deﬁnitely love to travel.
Have been doing that lately and will do so more often. I like to go to the states one
day, brazil and other places like the Carribbean, Italy.
So this year is going to be a blast for sure.

I've already gone to Paris, Switerland a month ago but now I want to go further. So
will see how that goes this year.
206 Views · View Upvoters

What impression does it leave if a girl replies to guys late at
night?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

11.55pm
Ring...ring...
Me - Hello
Her -Hey it's me
Me - Shhh. Listen I am planning something
Her - What?
Me - Rob a bank but I need an accomplice. You're in?
Her - Hahaha. Ok. When?
Me - I have to draw the plan out but need some help tomorrow.
Her - What shall I bring?
Me - Your coat and nothing underneath. Nothing.
Her - It's cold though
Me - I'll pick you up in car.
Her - How about, erm...tonight?
Me - OK but be ready 1.30pm.
Her - Don't be late though?
Me - You just be ready ;)
......
It leaves an awesome impression if you're ready to play :D
11.3k Views · View Upvoters

What are you supposed to say after you have your ﬁrst kiss with
someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was 15 years old...
The kiss...
Me - (nothing. Brush her hair and kiss again)
Her - (rest on my chest and then look up and kiss again)
Me - (grab her ass and she jumps, laughs, kisses again)
Her - (does the grind move, real tight and we kiss again)
Her - OMG! It's so...
Me - (laughing) Yes it is.

Me - (squeeze her ass again) and you got one ﬁne ass
As you can see, we're not saying much.
Just fun, teasing, ﬂirting, short burst of actions and words.
You don't need to say anything.
There are no rules.
Silence, eye contact, hand movment, body language, says it all. Just relax. If you
got nothing to say, it's ok.
Sometimes we think due to silence we need to say something.
You don't if you don't want to.
Chill and enjoy the moment.
33.8k Views · View Upvoters

What do men think of intovert, shy and socially awkward
women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on the guy.
For me personally, it's not appealing. I like a woman who isn't shy but not loud
and catty, and all that. But you know, not shy, not socially awkward, full on sexual
high and like me....going for it.
So when I know a woman is shy and when she's socially awkward....I lose interest
very fast. I know it will just be painfully slow from past experience and decided
not to date any woman who is shy, socially awkward.
But that's me. It's what I look for because there are things me and her like to do
and being shy, being socially awkward is just going to kill it.
Will it impact a woman if she is shy, introvert and socially awkward?
Yes, it will be bexause imagine if you're shy and the other guy is shy too. Who is
going to approach? If you have no luck with guys then you may need to approach
and if you're too shy, socially awkward and labelling yourself as an introvert, and
saying that everyday....well.....it's going to be diﬃcult.
You might ﬁnd some guys who are ok about it. Maybe that's their preference and
they have the patience, be able to give understanding and all but for me....you will
see me run to the hills, far away.
Due to past experiences I won't get into but experiences that frustrated me to no
end and I don't want to go through such experiences again.
839 Views

If a girl texts you and you text back, then you text her another
day and you guys talk, should you wait for her to text again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The text ﬁrst, and all that is all down to one thing.
Fear.
It's all based on this desire, hunger, need for validation, acceptance, seeking to be
approved and fearful of loss. It's all about...getting a response.
Here's what I do and has always worked for me and my friends to.

1. Don't give a fuck. Let go of the social mask for response. Neediness.
That doesn't mean being rude to her. It means you don't text to impress. You
don't text to get a response. You bring value. So text whenever. Text ﬁrst, text
now, text tomorrow, text whenever you desire to. Just don't go all crazy texting
every damn hour, and all that.
Text because you desire so and not because you're trying to get her to text back.
The social mask is a mask we all wear and we have to be careful. It's to hide
ourselves. It's to pretend. It's to manipulate and seeking to get a response. Instead
of getting down to business without this fear she will dissappear.
2. It is just a tool. A shit one at that.
Texting is only needed to be used AFTER you have approached her, asked her out
an got her number based on true intent that she has heard from your own
lips...face to face...you are attracted to her.
When that is done, then the text is only used to build on the atrractive, keeping it
fun and light hearted with....a quick goal to meet up.
3. Move from text to phone fast
You're goal then is to lead to phone to build some comfort. Getting to know her
but not too long and then lead to the date.
If she is being hesistent after this.....if she is not showing interest....if she's
playing hard to get....if she's ﬂaking and unwilling to meet...burn the number.
Move on. Don't waste your time.
4,. Create options
The reason it can be frustrating for most guys is they got one telephone number.
You want lots and have approached many girls
Why?
Because even if you got a girls number...it doesn't mean it's a date.
Many give out numbers and though they want to say no....they hate saying no.
That's because they said no before and faced some rude, awkward situations with
guys. Also sometimes there was some conﬂict.
So some give numbers to just get rid of the guy.
Second, you'll ﬁnd many girls/women will ﬂake.
That is why you move fast to phone and date. If she is unwilling and she's giving
some excuses, whatever....no problem.
She is now not a priority and you move to next number you got.
You keep doing that....moving faster...not investing so much time until you get to
a girl who is really into you, who will text, and you will text, and you feel great
together. That you meet up....fast...sometimes next day or same week.
Texting is low investment.
Use it sparingly and be busy with your life.
But also..let go of this fear.
I text always ﬁrst and not because it's some technique but because I am
conﬁdent, I am not scared of fear of loss or what she thinks of me.
I want a girl to dissappear and judge me as this tells me she doesn't get me.

It gets me faster to the girl who is into me and isn't playing some game. I have to
go through some numbers to get to such a girl but I move fast. I don't get hung up
on who text ﬁrst and all that.
I just don't abuse it and I don't text tons.
I like to hold things back when we meet face to face.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell if a guy likes you for you and not your looks?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I see a woman that I'm attracted to, it is her looks. Her ﬁgure, way she is
dressed, he ass...tits..cute face. I love ass, tits, a woman and she looks after herself
in dressing too.
But that is not enough for me as this is only sexual attraction.
I want conﬁdent but not bratty. I want woman who is secure not has issues about
sexuality. She is conﬁdent in talking, has social skills and is approachable. These
are very important as you will soon see why...
The look only gets my attention.
The process is...
1. I will ﬁrst tease, ﬂirt and if a woman can't take that is serious. It's over. You
know a man will walk away one creates drama, conﬂict. Most won't if you test
them. But be careful in testing. He may walk away for good.
2. If all is well and she converses, likes conﬁdent guys and we click...no
drama...then I will ask if she is free now for a quick coﬀee so I can ﬁnd out more
about her. If not, we'll exchange numbers.
3. I will converse more but then I'll leave and contact by text and later on phone.
On the phone I will be asking questions but not too much, so I get to know the
following about her..
a) Her personality. This is very important because good looks and all that are ﬁne
but I got to connect with her. I like to know she's someone I can talk with, have
fun with but if I ﬁnd it's not there on the phone....it's over.
Many times though, I ﬁnd my gut instinct is good in ﬁrst approach. I'll know and
the phone call is great. She shows her personality.
So this is the ﬁrst thing to look for. That the guy asks questions, get along with
you, ﬁnding out who you are.
b) When we meet I know type of woman I am with. She's conﬁdent, sexual like
myself due to knowing from approach, the phone calls, the ﬂirting by text. So I
will kiss. I will hold hands but when we walk.....I will ﬁnd out more about her.
This is where I get to know her a little more.
I want to know what her passion is. I want to know her interest. I want to know
what she reads and though this is about her....what she will ﬁnd...is I am sharing
something about her.
c) Though I am a high sexual guy, love sex, very attracted to her, I'm not really
rushing to take her home. That doesn't mean it doesn't happen. It does. Contrary
to belief, that guys have sex and dissappear.
Sometimes, I will meet a woman, date and even though we kiss and all that, sex
won't happen. Even when I am very attracted to her because when a man is really

into you, it's not an issue. It happens gradually anyway and the big deal is really
connecting with you.
Seeing you laugh, smile, those magic things, the simpliest of things I cherish a
lot. When sex does happen, it's not sex....it's making love. You can tell when a guy
is making love to you....not just your body.
Which brings us to the next...
d) When you both becomes intimate, and sex does happen, he wants to see you
again. It's not just bang...bang but you can tell the guy wants you to be part of his
life. He will want to meet you again, he tells you he likes to.
And when I do...I want to show her my world, places I go to, things I like to do and
I also want to participate in her world too. She may want to go to places where she
is into, see what she's into and so forth.
I listen to the stories she say. I am deeply interested in what she says.
So the guy is taking interest in your life but also, he is opening up slowly to his
life. He will ask ask questions about your passion, about your career, on how you
got there, your fears, what inspires you.
What I don't believe, is if sex happens on ﬁrst day then he's just for the look and if
it happens later, he's into you.
That's what you don't look at.
You look at the overall behaviour in that he is interested in you. He asks
questions. I nudges to ﬁnd out more about you from diﬀerent angles.
That's how you will know.
But that's from my personal experience and view, and how I show I am interested
in her.
Her looks and all that is only to get my attention but many a times, when I have
approached women, I have also walked away from them. I don't want to pursue
anymore even if she's very attractive.
I got standards. I love sex, love a woman with great curves and yes...I love ass and
tits BUT....it's not enough.
I kow what it feels like being with an attractive woman and it's cold, it's awkward
and something is wrong. I can't connet with it. There is something oﬀ about her
and so I don't like that feeling...and I don't pursue. I move on.
I want to enjoy my time with who I am dating. I want the whole her not just body
and sex. So I will take interest in her in diﬀerent ways and I hope she does the
same for me because I got needs to. I got self respect as well and I got boundaries
too.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

She texted me asking if I could see her this week, should I wait?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is your problem here..
"without annoying her."
Stop putting her on a pedestal. Listen mate. If I call her and she gets annoyed it's
her problem and it also tells me, she maybe not ﬁt to date a guy like me. I've got
no fear of walking away or the woman walks away.

What you need to do is don't do things to impress or out of fear because if you
do...all your behaviour will be about gettig validation, approval and acceptance
from her.
Whenever you do meet you will be like most chumps.
Scared to make a move, escalate because you fear it will annoy her, that she won't
be impressed and she will not see you again.
So let go of that kind of mindset because it prevents you being you.
Do not wait.
Pick up the phone or text with conﬁdence.
If she shows some attitude, you make that a deal breaker for you. She's not the
only woman on this planet.
Lead.
Don't wait. Just text as you got a life and have plans.
Then get yourself busy approaching other women, date more women, and create
a lot of options. You need some experience under your belt and ﬁnding your balls
too. You need it from what I am reading if you're scared of annoying a woman
about issues like this.
And if she does call, then sorted.
Set up time and all that but don't wait for her and don't make comittment. Keep it
open that you will be dating others too until you ﬁnd the woman who gets you.
Create options.
Come from a conﬁdent strong position.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to tell someone new, in a relationship, that
you regretfully didn't go to college?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't.
I don't tell them anything negative about me. Yes, I get all that vulnerability stuﬀ
but this is not the time to start talking yourself down to someone you're dating.
Especially when that someone is new. Nor do you do so at anytime.
Let me put it this way...
You don't ever sell yourself short when you are talking about you.
For example...
If a woman asked me, so tell me about yourself.
I'm not going to start going oﬀ like..
"Well, I dropped out of college. I didn't go to college. I didn't go to university. I didn't
get much grades kind of thing."
Screw that mate.
I am going to stimulate her emotions and show my best side. Not in a bragging
way but like this...

"When I was at school, I used to walk home on a diferent path than the one that
will get me there fast. The reason was due to this music shop where I would go
and stand in front staring at a guitar. I hoped my parents would buy it for me but
they didn't. So after staring at that guitar I went and found work and after one
year, I saved up enough money to get me this guitar. Now, when I walk past music
shops I'd see some kid staring at a guitar and it reminded me of when I was a kid.
That I'd always wanted to write songs and sing. I suppose I'm a guy who is a
dreamer and I won't give up on what I want and ﬁnd a way to get it. That's how I
deﬁne success. Always moving forward and not materialistic value. But purpose.."
Then I'll add...
"But what about you? What's your story?"
And I'll even be speciﬁc if I ﬁnd she has trouble with the question.
This tells the person I am with positive but also, shows passion that me talking
like I'm a victim. I am painting images in her mind of the man I am. Not logic but
emotion and feeling.
And no matter that I'm not some hot shot rockstar living in some mansion with a
fancy car....I am always working towards the dream.
That to me is what success to me.
That am moving forward.
I am proud of who I am. I have achieved a lot under many obstacles and the
stories I could tell of such challenges would make her jaw drop...BUT...she don't
need to know this till much later. Years later.
It is not the time for such things especially in beginning stages.
432 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when he's always trying to get my attention?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Dating and Relationships: What does it mean if he's always looking at me
and trying to get my attention?

Him thinking - she is so damn fucking hot
You - He's looking at me again
Him thinking - What great tits she has and she's cute
You - Does he like me?
Him thinking - She has great ass too. So ﬁne
You - He looked at me again. His eyebrows went up this time. Is it a sign?
Him thinking - She's looking. Shit! Look away! Did she see me looking?
You - Why doesn't he walk over and ask me out?
Him thinking - why can't girls just walk over and ask us guys out. Why always us
doing it?
You - I want to ask him but I am so damn terrﬁed of being rejected
Him thinking - I so want to ask her out but I am terrifed of rejection
You - What if he says no
Him thinking - What if he says no

You - It's not going to happen anyway
Him thinking - Meh, she's out of my league
You - I'll ask people on Quora
Him thinking - I'll ask people on Quora
;)
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Would you start a relationship with someone who is moving in
six months?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Reading what you details....I would not even bother with her.
Best you walk on, move on and approach a girl who isn't dictating lots of BS to
you especially when it's going to take you investing time, emotions on someone
who isn't sexually attracted to you.
Love this and that are just words mate.
Action speaks louder and her actions isn't showing any sexual attraction towards
you. She is only biding her time with you. She already knows what she wants and
she doesn't want a relationship with you in that way.
Move on.
Norhing is going to happen.
You're like some pal she talks to in school.
This is not a relationship mate where I'd even call a girlfriend. Me talking to a girl
at school and that's it. Nah, I would have walked away from her long ago.
Do yourself a favour mate....move on and approach other girls.
Don't invest anymore time and emotions on her or you'll get hurt real bad. Show
some restraint and self respect for yourself.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

She has become aloof and I keep trying?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If she's playing hard to get...aloof....don't fall for trap in chasing. Instead, distance
yourself and show restraint.
Don't call. Don't text. Don't email. Fon't FB or anything.
And approach other girls and be busy with getting numbers. Create options.
That's why you're frustrated right now.
You haven't got options and got one girl.
You need plenty more and focus only on the one who gives you attention back to
ﬂirt, tease and lead to date. Don't tease and ﬂirt too much. It's just there to bring
wall of awkwardiness down but also shows conﬁdence.
Let this girl go and put your time approaching other girls until she starts showing
you some respect.
Because sometimes girls do thing for attention. They may not be serious in dating
but want their ego boost. Second, you need to be a challenge. If she's playing hard

to get and you're still ﬁring....she will not value you.
Show her you can move on and got balls to approach other girls.
Preselection is powerful.
When girls know other girls pursuing you and you're dating, it's a diﬀerent ball
game.
187 Views

Can she change her mind because of a meeting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, not because of the meeting. Nor because of a guy with similar character as
yours. All this mate is her letting you down easily.
She don't want to say the truth.
Instead she is feeling guilty of agreeing to meeting and probably doing it out of
pity and not to feel awkward.
Probably thinks you're a nice guy and reason I say this, is whenever I meet a girl
for a date, she never, ever gets the chance to tell me sod all about her past
relationships. No...no....no.
I cut that short real fast so she don't dictate some role on me that I'm some
chump or guy who will be that "friend."
The reason she said that to you is because she is not attracted to you in that way.
Most women hate saying no and being in awkward situation.
She then said, "it's a friendly meeting."
Now you needed to be assertive like this...
Her - It's only a friendly meeting
Me - What do you mean by that? I like to be clear.
Her - I don't want to date really and just see it as friend kind of thing
Me - Ah ok. Then I rather not meet. I'm not looking for friend but a woman to
date. Maybe next time if I have time.
Get me mate.
That tells her where my priority is, what I want and since what I want she cannot
give...I'm not going to waste my sweet time.
Be assertive.
You can be nice. Nothing wrong with that but being nice and asssertive too, is a
diﬀerent thing altogether.
Don't let people dictate you how it's going to be.
Know what you want and if this is not what you want then stand up for yourself
and say so. Don't worry of loss of fear.
If she says, "Oh, ok. Sorry about that" and she dissapears....good!
That is what you want.
Now, if you just want her as friend and you know it ain't going to happen, and it's
not you trying to meet to convince her...then cool. Meet.

But yes, women do change their minds very fast but you got to be assertive mate.
You got to show you got self respect and you can walk away.
If this is not what you want...walk away.
Call and cancel and move on.
Approach someone else.
That's alright for you to do by the way. Nothing wrong with that.
210 Views · View Upvoters

A girl whom I love is going to get married with other. So I
should be her friend or not ?

 http://other.So
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you should be her friend and increase her ego with more attention. She will
probably talk to her man who is going to screw her every night about you anyway
and also all her friends too....
"Yeah, he asked me out, always chasing me. He's like my brother though. You
know, like my girl-friend. Actually, he's now my bitch.."
Her friends - Hahahahaha
Her husband - Hahahaha. You got a bitch OMG hahahaha.
Yeah keep being her friend and invest your time, emotions even more. Make her
feel like she's so important. She'll tell you all her problems and even how bad her
man is but....she won't leave him.
She's just saying that to get attention from you.
So sure, go ahead and dream that one day, she will fall in love with you which she
won't BECAUSE no girl really wants to date and marry any guy who is that
desperate, always available, not a challenge and just seems to not be busy at all
building a life.
But hey, what does that matter?
At least you can be near her, fantasize, kiss her ass, and make other girls see
you're too much of a nice guy....and a guy....who can't move on. Which by the way
scares the shit out of them and so...word goes round to avoid you.
However....if you got self respect....you'd move on and let her make someone else
her...bitch.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Why do you need to use the layers panel in Illustrator?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I use layers in Illustrator because...
1. I can control more in hiding any objects and layer mask
2. I can lock any layer so I am not wasting time clicking about ﬁnd the path I need
or object.
3. I can save and send to someone else who needs to change things faster, and
even change overal colours, design faster

4. I can take all these paths in diﬀerent layers to export in other softwares like
ﬂash, Cinema 4D for animation. The layers give a strong structure to easily
manipulate each layer in animation softwares.
5. I can export these layers intop Photoshop
5. For exporting to PDF with layers intact which allows whoever I am sending it
to, and who uses adobe acrobat the ability to switch oﬀ some layers if need be.
Controls visibility.
6. You can reduce many problems when using layers.... like how transparency
sometimes causes problems sometimes.
These are just some of the of the advantages of using layers. I'm sure others can
give more.
Overal, for me it's about planning way ahead and making the work easier later on.
I don't like wasting time and I like to design in a way the work can be used for
many diﬀerent ways in an organised fashion.
Layers do that for me and makes it easier for work ﬂow with other people too.
824 Views · View Upvoters

After I asked her out and she said no then after three days she
texts me I miss you, what does it mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She's playing you. Don't fall for that crap. Now she lost the attention you gave her,
she wants the attention back.
To prevent any girl to play with your head, ﬁnd out exactly where she stands.
Make sure when she says "just friends" then distance yourself. Spend your time
wisely on approaching other girls.
She can continue missing you if she's not into you.
You go and approach other girls until you get a "FUCK YEAH."
This is a FUCK NO!
Know where you stand clearly and prioritise your time. If you want to date girls
then spend less time with girls as friends and approach other girls until you get a
FUCK YEAH.
Don't spend time with this girl, hanging about all hours, texting back and forth.
Prioritise your time and who to give attention to.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Will my professor be impressed if I wrote an 87-page essay
when the assignment was for 20 pages?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about writing
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's your problem here..
"....will my professor be impressed."
Forget the social mask of getting validation, acceptance, and the rest of what
comes with it. Impressing is insecurity.
Instead you need to focus on thinking more, learning, getting good at what you
do and one is following the instructions to the letter.

If you cannot explain in 20 pages then you don't know the subject well. If you do,
you can explain within 20 pages.
You can explain with one page but the instruction is 20 pages.
So forget impressing the professor.
You're going to leave one day and he won't be there.
Focus on your craft, writing skills and the subject at hand. Narrow it down
without waﬄe of 20 pages because right now it is all ego.
I never did work to get grades.
I did work to get better at thinking, understanding and on what I love to do.
The rest takes care of itself.
Think more. Show you understand the subject clearly without the need to go into
so much detail.
Narrow it down to 20 pages
32 Views · View Upvoters

My crush ﬁnally told me she dislikes intrusive people, like how
I always asked her to tell me her problems. I was just trying to
be nice. What now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You was trying to be nice?
Yeah right.
Come on fella. Let's have it out.
You was not trying to be nice. You was trying to get her to feel close to you, trust
you, so she can fall for you. You wanted her to feel you is the one and how nice
you are. So nice she will open her legs and say..
"Baby, please. Come and fuck me right now!"
Yeah I know, every damn nice guy thinks being nice entitles them for the girl to
trust then, like them and always they say..
"Oooh but this isn't sex."
I was a nice guy many years ago until I changed fast. I changed when I became 15
years old and I did see a girls for this reason..
1. The ass. Love ass.
2. Tits
3. Sex
And you know what?
The more I stopping lying about this, I stopping being the nice guy, giving time,
attention, emotional investment in girls who have yet to earn my time.
And what do you know...
It worked.
I get the ass, tits and sex.
I still have friends who are nice guys.

Nice guys does not mean a guy cannot be nice but they think being nice attracts
the girl. They think nice entitles them to have girl tell her secret to them. They
think being nice entitles them to have a girl smile at them, say hello back and if
she doesn't they act all butt hurt.
Being nice - haven't the balls to approach a girl to say he likes her and see if she
does too and if not, he walks away. Instead he hides it, orbits around her and uses
"friendship" as some excuse to get close to her.
Hoping she will one day fall in love with him.
He has this fantasy, idea in his head about relationship with her and how she is
the one. But you see...she shown this......
She doesn't like you.
She isn't into you.
She doesn't trust you.
She isn't attracted to you in that way.
So walk away and leave her alone - and stop being a nice guy.
Be a guy who has self respect, assertive, while being a gentleman. A gentleman
does not pry on the personal life of a girl/woman and nor does he hide his true
intentions. He doesn't fear loss.
He has the balls to approach the girl he likes and tells her he likes her, and if she
isn't into him...he has the balls and self respect to walk away.
This is why most girls don't like nice guys.
It's not about being nice. It's that you need to be honest mate. You like her and
you don't approach and tell her. If you have and she said no, have self respect to
walk away from her.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Question That Contains Assumptions: Why do girls prefer
sports captains over nerds?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 18, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Survival.
By that, I mean, in college and even school, the desire to not be invisible, to get
attention, the need to feel and get what others have is strong.
It is done for feeling to stabnd out, not be invisible etc.
Why though?
1. To belong
2. To get attention from others
3. To feel important
4. To avoid pain.
5. Protection
6. To attract pleasure
So who will they go for more?

The stronger, conﬁdent type, fun, outgoing, the one with high social reputation
and so on. You know the deal here.
This doesn't change as you leave the campus and into the big wide world. It's
there but this time, everyone is trying is deny it exist.
Yes, everyone is denying it exist in dating, in jobs, in business and so forth. Like
no one is surviving. Like everyone don't feel anything.
Take a look at facebook and the bs selﬁes everyone putting up. Look at instagram.
Look at Tinder.
It still exists....
"I'm dating the hot guy. He's popular. Look at what we're doing."
The ever need to tap into an inﬂuence that is already there to help survive in the
turmulent world of competition for....attention.
Survival.
Now here's the thing though....
The pretty girl at the campus is not the prettiest anymore in the big wide world.
The sport jock who is captain isn't the only badass sports guy in the big wide
world
The bully is going to ﬁnd there are bigger people than him/her.
And so forth.
So what has changed is the high school, college campus, university is a small
pond with small ﬁsh.
But then you meet the big wide world and you suddenly be swimming with
sharks, whales, killer whales and walk out to dry oﬀ to a Jungle of wolves, bears,
snakes, monkeys, and lions.
So if you're a nerd.,......you will win big IF...you learn the knowledge needed. I
don't be programming a damn website or creating apps.
I mean, learn social skills, know how to demonstrate attractive qualities, how to
approach, ﬂirt, tease, inﬂuence. Focus in combining your amazing life as a nerd
and ﬂip it into a style that attracts.
224 Views · View Upvoters

How do I break the ice with this girl I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop talking about your problems to the girl. You don't approach a girl and start
talking negative stuﬀ and about problems in your life,. Especially if you like the
girl. You want her to see you as a friend or a lover guy, a guy who is atracted to
her?
If you want to date her, then cut that out.
Don't be that guy. There's far too many of such guys. No drama.
You seem young. Probably at high school or college.
The longer you wait, being hesistent, the more she will think you're not into her.
You also will be demonstrating unattractive behavior in trying to be aﬀectionate,
sharing your problems, and all that.

This is not the time for that.
Be conﬁdent.
Just walk up to her and say hi and no more crptic talk. No more talks about your
problems. Be fun. light hearted not serious.
Relax. Don't take it serious and don't be serious.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should I leave him after he cheated again with the same
woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 27, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. You should let me him cheat on you the third time, then fourth, then ﬁfth
time. Even when you catch him screwing a woman right in your face.
When he's done then marry him and have children.
He'll ﬂirt with a nurse while you're in labour. He'll be fucking her in the car. You
will ﬁnd her pants under the front passenger seat.
As years ﬂy by, you will realise you have given him the best years of your life and
still...he cheats. You look in the mirror as you see the lines showing while your
children ﬁghting over whose turn it is to have the remote control.
The longing for the love you once dreamed of and the touch of a man who you
know with all your heart truly loves you is a distant memory. You're like the sun
that forever keeps giving on a planet ﬁlled with turmoil and none is the wiser to
look and see you even exist.
Day by day, week by week, month and years you hanging in that sky. Waiting for
some appreciation, kind words but all you have become is nothing more than a
shadow. So far away from what you always wanted in your life.
Someone to witness your own loving and giving. You cannot even get that from
this man. You cannot even get him to look into your eyes, touch your warmth
smooth skin and turn you on with knowledge he isn't thinking of another woman.
Who is meeting today?
Who is he kissing tonight?
Who is he fucking somewhere and doing so in front of you and like the sun up in
that sky - all aware of what he is doing but you feel helpless.
You look around and you realise something...
Though you have beautiful children....you feel alone. The children remind you of
him everyday even if you leave him.
In that moment of realisation it suddenly clicked but you're now 49 years old.
Tomorrow you will be 50 years old and all the best years of your life, the youngish
years, the years in which you could walk away, live it up, start fresh, invest in
yourself to meet someone is going to be much harder.
You could have started your career in what you're passionate about.
You could have travelled the world and see the places you wanted to see.
You could have gone out with your friends, had fun and building memories of
experiences most would envy you for.
You could have started a business.

You could even just relax, without pain, tears, loneliness and without cringing
when some friends say..
"You two look so good together."
You can only force and stretch smile.
If only they knew the pain you're going through. If only they can see the lines of
the many days and months of tears ﬂowing down your cheeks like lost pearls.
Wasted on a man who doesn't even know you have cried.
"Oh thank you." You say.
Sure you can still leave him but then again.....it doesn't remove the resentment,
the bitterness and the lack of self worth you feel. Your own self esteem has hit
rock bottom.
Your love is like the raging waves that come crashing against the cold....still rocks.
Unmoved by your passion, desire and need to be loved. No matter how hard you
hit these rocks....they just mock your existence.
They mock every eﬀort you try to make them see who you are. They just stand
their, lifeless and unchanged like your boyfriend.
Your shoulders feel heavy and your life feels empty.
You're stuck.
You can't even go on a trip to the supermarket without so much preparation.
Never mind a holiday in an exotic place to relax under the cool breaze while being
served with whatever drink you desire.
Who will look after the children?
Where will you get the money from?
If only he can help.
You can't even trust him to remember to bring a pint of milk.
Everyone you know has moved on. You see them at parties, weddings and when
you visit your relatives. You see them happy, laughing and talking about what
they are going to do together.
Again you hide a million tears and a heart that questions the future, as they ask
you..
"Oh, is he here?"
"No." You reply and before you add another lie, "he's really busy working."
Your eyes glide from one corner of the room to another as your spirit swims in the
ocean yearning for what you see right now.
But it will never be with this man.
You haven't much time to go out and date. The night clubbing isn't as it used to
be. Dating has become complex.
There are websites, apps and a whole lot of fear these days.
You have been out of the market for so damn long that the idea of going out to
ﬂirt, tease, meet a new man....scares you.
The world is diﬀerent to what it used to be.
You know these are just logic. Rationalising something you're terribly scared of.
From where shall such a strength come from now?

You walk into the bathroom and cry.
"Why didn't I see this coming? Why didn't I dump that bastard long ago? What the
hell is wrong with me? I've waited for this guy to change and he hasn't. I should have
known, no one can change anyone. Why didn't I see it coming? It hurts. I want the
pain to stop. I want it to go away..."
Yes, you can start again but you now have responsibilities.
You have children.
You have less time.
You are not as energetic as you was before.
Ah, those young youthful years when you could run as fast as your legs can carry
you and you don't even feel tired. You can run...run...run and feel the sun on your
face or the speck of new born snow ﬂakes dance on each line of your hair.
But not anymore.
Now you are tired to even wake up to a new day.
You have many challenges and you're alone even when you got this guy as your
boyfriend.
You begin to remember the guy who smiled at you. He was willing to leave the
country to be with you and start all over again.
There was also the teen love who chased you all over college. He was so
infatuated with you and though you knew it wasn't love....he always was there to
make you laugh, smile and made your ﬂaws into perfections.
He made all that you was insecure of into words of beauty to boost your self
esteem sky high. However, you said he was too nice.
Then there was the guy who just ﬁnished university and he was going somewhere
in life. He wasn't perfect. He didn't have the badboy look but you knew he'd be
loyal, loving and reliable.
You knew everyday with him was magical for him.
But he was moving too fast.
You remember the guy who you met at the bar who made you wonder of the
possibilites of seeing the world with him.
But he was too successful and a "player.'
They are all gone.
You were so emotionally attached to the boyfriend who cheats on you....you
didn't believe they really can fall in love with you.
All you could think of....this is the best it will ever get.
The memories ﬂood into your life all at once as you discover your boyfriend has
cheated on you...again.
And so you stuck with him.
His every words is a lie and every touch is but done to keep you hanging on.
Turning to look in the mirror, you see all the opportunities and what you really
wanted replay in front of you like a movie.
You open the cupboard and you down some anti-drepressant tablets and some
more shit which you can't even pronouced their names for.

Your heart begins to bear fast.
Your emotions high.
You feel your whole body going numb.
The room is spinning.
You lose your grip and fall hard onto the bathroom ﬂoor. Hitting your head onto
the hard surface of the bath.
Suddenly.....you wake up.
You're not 49 years old.
You don't have children....yet.
You're still youngish.
You pinch yourself as you look in the mirror.
Like a young child you laugh and jimp up with excitement.
"OMG. It was a nightmare!"
Although the sound of children is something you'd love to hear in the future...it
just won't be with him.
You hear clashing of keys. The front door opens.
You hear him walk into the house..
Him - Hey!
You - We need to talk.
After back and forth pleading from him, he walks away and slams the door
behind him. This time you feel a change.
It's powerful.
You have clarity.
You feel wonderful.
You feel relieved.
Even though you can still feel the pull, you understand why. You know it's not
love. You know it's nothing more than fear.
It is the fear of the unknown and how you were scared that you'll be alone and
you won't ﬁnd someone to love you.
This time you're stronger.
It took this much to wake up but....at least you woke up.
Most never do until it is far too late.
11.8k Views · View Upvoters

Is it appropriate to look at a girl's butt?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you mean ass like this…

Then yes I am going to look.

Social conditioning will get you to believe it is not normal, not ok and that guys
look at women because of personality...not sex.
The fallacy on how it’s immature or how no guys do. (roll eyes).
Man, I have seen women look at a woman’s ass and drool or get knocked out by
their own jealousy and wish they had an ass like that.
Woman - you looked at my ass?
Me - Yeah and it’s a great ass. You want me to say it’s a ﬂat ugly ass?
Woman - Erm, no.
There’s looking and there’s staring like a creep all day long at her ass but please
don’t tell me you don’t look at an ass.
Those who do are hypocrites and liars. The ones to watch out for because these
are the nice guys who pretend they don’t and slowly, like creep behave weird and
try to then ask you out.
Of course I look at a woman’s ass if she has an ass that’s ﬁne.
No, we don’t look at asses.
Oh please…
Contrary to belief....it's bs but who am I to even bother with norms dictated by
marketing, centuries of brain washing in making sexuality shameful, and our
desires evil.
I'm an ass man and I am also a tits man but I love ass. She has to have ass and I
have dated women by approaching them and saying they got great ass. Those get
oﬀended and blah blah are not my type, those who laugh, curious, and we click
are type I like to get to know and date.
I got to Ibiza because of ass. I suppose I love music, the gigs and all because of
women with great asses.
And my facebook feed says..."I love ass."
And you know what's amazing about that?
It pushes away a certain type of woman and attracts woman I desire. The hardest
part in life is not worrying about what others thinks and their labels.
In fact, I am at moment painting asses of women who sent me their PHOTOS OF
ASSES. In fact, go to facebook, instagram and women showing their asses!
Women love their asses too and showing it to the world.
Good for them!
Maybe, one day, in the future...we will be able to talk about sex openly, walk up to
a woman and she will ask what you want and I can say..
"I like your ass, and I want to fuck you right now."
But you see, we live in political bs correctness world which has increased a lot
and even though women say they want honesty, believe me, most don't. Most
want the romantic bs of Hollywood, Bollywood, romance novels.
Like we need to say the damn common sense stuﬀ..
"Oh she's not a product. She's not an object. She's human."
And "only if it doesn't oﬀend her and doesn't bother her."
Like we're fucking thick or something.

If I could be downright honest with women I approach I would be and sometimes
I am. Sometimes I don't give a shit and say..
"I want to ﬁnd out how it feels to give you multiple orgasms."
"You got a great ass, I like to feel that."
And I do say in a night clib setting when no one gives a shit. All drunk, out of
their heads, inhibitions gone and anything goes.
No, most want..
"Excuse me, I know it's a bit forward but I was walking to bank and saw you.
You're attractive but good looks are so common these days. Hi my name is Adam.
Who are you?"
Instead of..
"You have an amazing ass and your body is just gorgeous. Who are you?"
But seriously, when the comfort kicks in, when we're comfortable, when you're
with woman who is into you, and all walls are down...anything goes. You can pin
to wall, turn, grab her ass, whatever.
All the BS is now gone. Wouldn't be just awesome if we can get to that place much
faster and without all the nonsense we face to do.
Right now though, don't get caught looking. Be discreet.
Because it's not going to change anytime soon.
Probably long before you and I, and few more generations gone, that we can cut
through the BS.
I know I don't look at a woman or her ass, or tits, imagining her personality. I look
because she's sexy, attractive, gorgeous and has an amazing ass.
16.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can I cope with the fact that I'm not the best in my class
anymore?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You want to get better, don't cope. That's fear.
If it's singing then go and get a coach with singing. Practise doesn't make perfect.
Practisng the right way and from someone who knows how will accelerates your
learning faster.
You can cut 2 years and more when you know how to practise in an eﬀective way
for your own personal growth.
You can practise all you want but if you practise in a cerain way you can damage
your vocal chords, make it hard for yourself.
Same with music instrument.
Same with being an artists. Painting and all that.
Same with being an athelete.
So forget looking at it like a victim and get real with it but also...stop comparing
yourself.
I got friends who are better writers, artists than me.

I'm making more money than they do in a god damn year. I am bragging here but
trying to open your mind on the real deal.
It wasn't just because of skill/talent alone...or how good one is. There are other
things like marketing, positioning oneself, knowing how to be more appealing
than someone else due to certain actions you do.
Many talented people but that means shit out in real world.
There are other factors at play.
So don't cope, don't compare and focus on getting better at what you do. If you
want to get good at that skill. Learn, ﬁnd someone BETTER than you and who is
willing to guide and teach.
Find a coach. A mentor or get extra lessons from a professional.
But understand having talent or proﬁciency isn't the only factor in life to
succeed. You have to know how to put yourself out there and most won't.
While someone is better at something, you could be better at social skills. While
someone can't market themselves...you learnt how to see opportunity and
position yourself to attract the opportunity.
So forget all this "someone is better," and "coping."
Understand how the real world works and focus on what you can do to grow, get
proﬁcient at your skill.
661 Views · View Upvoters

Bf cheated me and now I cheated on him, should I tell him the
truth? He will act cool but I'm afraid it might aﬀect our
relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you've read my answers then you will realise that this must the shortest answer
I ever gave on Quora

38 Views · View Upvoters

I told my husband we should have an open marriage and he
agreed, now I regret that and want to take that back. What can I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What did you do when you wanted an open marriage?
It is the same approach.
You talk.
Repeat and rinse.
The reason you are probably asking is because you like to avoid some conﬂict or
worried about what might happen.
But really, if you push aside fear and all that....you ﬁnd the answer is very simple
indeed. You do the same thing - you communicate with each other.
You ask the same way you asked on Quora

"I know I said we should have an open marriage but now I regret that and want to
take it back. What can we do together to make it happen? Do you still want to
continue open marriage?...."
Now just because its simple to say, doesn't mean it be easy.
Just communicate. You never know. He might be relieved by what he hears or he
might not. You'll never know until you....communicate with him.
Then take it from there.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What are some things men don't tell women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated May 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Tell them the truth and they won't believe you. They'd either think you're drunk,
crazy or playing around with their head.....
Woman - So tell me what you really see in me?
Me - You got a great ass, amazing tits.
Woman - No seriously, stop joking. What is your ideal night out?
Me - Pin you to the wall, go down on you...and learn how to get you to have
multiple orgasms ;)
Woman - Hahaha. No, honestly. Stop acting like a player
Woman - So if you saw another woman right now, you'd think?
Me - Have you both at the same time.
Woman - Adam. Come on now. Seriously.
Me - ???
Walks oﬀ and realises why telling the god damn truth to women is useless. Might
as well lie...
Woman - So what do you see in me?
Me - Oh you have a great personality. I like the energy you have. I can tell you're a
nurturer.
Woman - How did you know? I'm a teacher
Me - I'm not surprised. It's the reason that drew me to you. The way you can hold
a conversation and the book I saw you read at the cafe.
Woman - So what's your ideal date?
Me - Getting to know you as we walk through the park blah blah
Woman - If you saw a woman right now, what would you think?
Me - I'll be too busy looking at you and listening to your conversation. Busy
connecting with each other
Woman - Awwww.
They will believe this BS right here.
Watch this...and have fun...

;)
56.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is being nice to the guy I like wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He sees relationship as a game, which means, he will never be happy in a
relationship until he grows the fuck up.
So stay as you are. Be nice.
The amount of time I habe broken oﬀ with women who aren't nice, is a lot. I don't
like women who are not nice. In fact people in general. Nothing wrong with being
nice, polite, loving with someone who is attracted in you deeply.
It won't matter to right guy if you are nice and didn't chase. The chase is over.
Time to grow up kind of thing.
He's not ready for relationship if he wants the chase to still happen.
If he wants a challenge he needs to date a psycho or a gold digger, or a woman
who doesn't give a shit. Then he'll have a challenge alright. Probably bitch and
whinge about how she is a challenge ;)
Yes, move on and be with a guy who likes you as you are.
922 Views · View Upvoters

She wants us to be friends with beneﬁts but I want a more
meaningful relationship . What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The mistake most make is they try to change the desire of someone. You don't
invest time, emotions, on someone who is not seeing relationship in same way as
you. Instead, you need to decide what you want.
And if the person cannot give you want you want then you move on.

What you don't do is try and change this person.
If you do, it will only create resentment and push the person away. So if you don't
want a fuck buddy then move on.
No use trying to ask what to do.
There is nothing you can do. Sure, she might one day want to have a relationship
but it may not be with you. Or maybe so but the risk is high in that she won't be
doing so with you because you're neediness, desperation will dictate how you
behave.
And that behavior will not be attractive for her.
Decide if you want to be her fuckbuddy with understanding the risk that there
won't be a relationship of exclusive one and one.
Or move on.
Don't try and change her.
It will end bad for you and be emotionally draining.
10k Views · View Upvoters

This girl likes me but is afraid of a relationship in fear of losing
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is is going to sound harsh but sometimes, you need the earth below you to
tremble to wake up...
You text everyday, like she was the only god damn girl on this planet. Giving so
much time to her. Being available so easily. If she said to meet, you'd run so fast to
kiss her ass.
Well, guess what?
It has got nothing to do with her self esteem.
It's because there is no use dating you,
When she can get your valuable time whenever she wants, phone, text, everyday,
meeting, attention and hanging out for..FREE with you.
You have been that guy, who is like a...GIRLFRIEND. You know what girls talk
about with girlfriends and guys who they don't date?
You know what they talk about with..relatives?
1. About their problems
2. About past relationship problems
They do so and access such resources but they don't date, sleep and fuck them.
They just go to them to overload to feel better.
To get attention.
To access resources.
To show drama and get that fuzzy feeling before they leave again.
That's a diferent kind relationship.
It's not sexual. It's not attraction.
She will go out of that circle for the sexual and attraction.

You're problem is.............You....are...in that circle.
You zoned yourself. You have put yourself in that circle.
When she talked to you about her problems...you should have cut her short and
moved the conversation to positive. You do not allow a girl you are interested in
to dictate who you are going to be for her.
Girls/women all time try to change, mould, ﬂip it, shape, what you will be and it
you don't behave in a manner of what you want to be clearly....their brain dictates
what you will be.
And if the girl doesn't want you to be in that role...then you say bye and move on.
If you don't, then this enforces the perception even more to behave in a way
towards you i.e. a platonic....friend. Not sexual. No attraction if that level.
If you do let her lead and dictate....you will discover what comes out of their
mouth is darkness, negativity, and suddenly she will test your frame to see who
you are to her. Are you a friend who will give her advise, boo hoo the ex or guy she
likes or will you not tolerate such talk because you're not her bitch.
You needed to lead but instead...you followed.
You allowed her to test your frame and you didn't even realise what the hell was
going on. She now dictated what you mean to her.
Not her fault.
Girls will do that because like everyone else, they have needs, desires. They have
anxieties. They want and hunger for attention.
So if she ﬁnds out she cannot be sexual to a guy like you because you're like some
brother to her....then you're screwed. She will not see you attractive in that way.
She will not want to see you in that way either.
You know too much about her relationships and all that because she told you.
You also told her too much about you before she emotionally invest i.e. dates you,
walk and hold hand, romance with you, be intimate and sexual intimacy.
That means you spent time for her to tell you all her problems and you listened,
listened, listened because of fear of loss. You thought in doing so and sharing
commonalities too with her will make you attractive to her.
When a girl tells me any problems, I STOP IT right there and then.
I am not her boyfriend yet. I am not her girlfriend either. I am not her brother or
any type of relatives. I'm a guy. A sexual guy. A lover.
I am bot goiing to let her dictate who I am to her if I can help it and I do that by
stopping her right there and then.
You didn't.
WORSE!
You even even lowered your values in her eyes by pleading, begging, convincing
with logic....
"Oh but we can go slow."
Jeesh mate. You need to walk away. Distance yourself and focus on changing this
neediness and desperation.
You know how many guys who do this?
Do you how how many of them ﬁnd the girl who says that to them suddenly
dating someone else?

Why would she be dating you if she can get much of what she can for free?
She can easily go home and play with herself on bed, using a pillow, or shower, or
go and fuck someone else...if it came to sex.
You gave her everything.
The emotional support. Safety. Security. All that. Now if a lover guy came she will
go with this guy, date him, fuck him without all the "I'm not emotionally ready.."
Why?
Because he makes her FEEL a certain way.
He arouses her sexually in her mind ﬁrst.
He excites her.
He is mystery to her.
He is a challenge for her
He has self respect and value.
And he ﬁts this image of what she wants in a guy. That image in that map within
her unconscious mind.
Right now...
You're not a challenge.
You don't excite in that way.
You're not a mystery
So you're not a challenge
You're easy and very available, anytime she wants
Hence, anytime someone gets something so free....they don't value it. There isn't
much eﬀort to recipocrate in a sexual attrative way. No point.
She rather just be a friend than lose the emotional support she got from you. She
got used to it and don't want to risk it.
Stop being a nice guy by spending time and having her telling your her problems.
You want to be seen as lover then behave like one.
Distance yourself.
Dissappear.
Go and work on yourself.
Go and date some girls so she sees you got options. Get some experience under
your belt because from looks of it....you need it.
This is about investing so much time.....without her ﬁrst emotionally investing in
you. Without her showing her interest, dating you, screwing each other.
She now feels awkward to date you.
She cannot be a sexual romantic woman with you.
You're too serious so to do so, will be awkward and embarrassing for her. She
cannot be sexual, feminine with you in that way.
She doesn't want to lose that which she already has, which by the way came so
damn easy for her. She doesn't have to do anything.

She knows you haven't balls to walk away.
She knows you like her.
She knows you spend time and rest of what you do because....you like her.
She likes the attention.
The "oooh poor girl. She needs help. Increase her self esteem."
No, she needs to realise, she cannot have her cake and eat it.
That you are lost, gone, dissappeared. You're not going to wait around for no girl.
She can go and sort her self esteem issues on her damn time.
She can locate a professional therapist.
You move on.
You have self respect.
31.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do after being too quiet on a ﬁrst date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - Hey, it was great meeting you. I was just you know, shy
Me - You shy? Nah. I had an awesome time
Girl - You did?
Me - Yes, because I have a wicked imagination ;)
Girl - What did you imagine?
Me - That next time we meet, you'll be smiling, laughing and Twerking your ass
on the table. Probably get us both arrested
Girl - Hahaha. You're crazy
Me - And that's why you're going to say yes for wednesday 7pm
Girl - Looking forward to it :D
Mission accomplished. No big deal. Shyness dissappeared and...this is how I get a
follow up date ;)
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My wife is fed up with me using Quora most of the time. How
should I satisfy her?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Upvoted by Dmitriy Genzel, Machine Learning Tech
Lead/Manager at Quora (2016-present) · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer
views

Wife - You're always on Quora
You - Yeah but I'm writing about you
Wife - You what?!?!
You - I'm telling them how awesome, sexy, amazing you are
You - Ok I'll log oﬀ Quora
Wife - NOOOOOO! I mean, you don't have too. Take your time.

;)
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when my husband looks for other women
though he says he loves me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's time to put the music on and bring out the book called "how to turn yourself
into a sexy godesses."
It's time to get back into the zone of focusing on you. Put on the music, get those
old trainers and Yoga pants and start training somewhere. Preferrably a gym with
instructors to give you a plan to follow.
Because it is so easy to get depressed about it and focus on him when it's time to
give a lot of love to yourself.
You can look gorgeous right now, if you believe you are. Get that dress on, do your
hair, and look sexy every damn day. Like it doesn't bother you he's looking for
another woman.
Go out with your mates to get some trendy clothes. Some makeup, those hot
tights, the high heel boots you saw, but you always didn't buy cause you was
thinking of someone else - kids, the husband and so on.
No, now is the time.
Get those rollers out of your hair and sex yourself up.
And in time, he will have to sex himself up too because he will be dying to get
your attention back ;
Hey, it's win-win.
You get to look great, you feel good no matter what happens. Even other guys will
be looking at you. Great ego boost.
Invite your friends and have a house party if you like too.
No time to feel down. It's time to rise up. Whatver that means. I just threw that in
there because it sounds kind good ;)
But honestly, focus on you and have a blast.
619 Views · View Upvoters

Girls: How do you text a guy when you like him? And how do
you like him to text you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends. If it's someone desperate then he'd fall for the "Hey" and "Hi." But if I
get such a text from a woman, I won't even bother. I want her to be direct because
I'm not wsting time on a woman who just wants attention.
So if you're sending a text to someone a bit more mature and has self worth, then
just be open, direct and no games. Like..
"Hey, how you doin Adam. Haven't heard from you for a while."
Beter than "hey" or "hi."
I can tell she's put eﬀort in and she's sincere. It shows.
But "hey" I won't even bother replying.

Because it can turn out like this..
You - Hey
Guy - Hey
You - Hey
Guy - Erm, Hey
You -Hey
Guy -???
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

If your wife moves out and asks you to give her time and space
and after a month she still doesn't know what she wants, how
long do you wait/give her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me guess...
1. She said to you, "I love you but not in love with you."
2. She's slowly been coming back and forth to pick up her things.
3. She is secretly or openly talking some guy
4. She has been avoiding any kind of professional help, like marriage counselling.
5. She has not given any answer to how long to wants space and what for. It is like
"I don't know" kind of thing.
If the answer is YES to at least 3 of these questions then get ready for a breakup
and she won't be coming back. She is preparing you psychologically and herself
too. She has already been planning something with another guy and probably has
been doing long before she wanted time out.
You was like someone just for that time of her life and now she has sorted the
whatever she wanted to do and is now spreading her wings more.
She is not looking for a provider but for a lover. She is not looking for marriage
and nor kids. Her values and what she wants is diﬀerent to yours.
She's moving on.
3k Views · View Upvoters

My ex dumped me the day before my birthday last year. Now
she is texting me. What has changed?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Keep the no contact.
This is he trying to get your attention. Don't fall for the BS mate. Keep no contact
and show you don't give a shit. Looks like she had her fun. Probably guy dumped
her or they broke up and now she's back.
It's not strange she would do this.
She is doing this because she expected you to chase her, plead, beg, kiss her ass,
and do what most chumps with no balls...do. Instead, you did what is neccessary.
You made no contact, elinminate drama, no back and forth nonsense.

Preventing her to use you as some Tampon for emotional support to...get over
you. But also to protect you from doing anything crazy with her because at that
stage of breaking up your emotions will be all over the place.
So do not contact back.
Do not give her the attention she now years for.
Instead stand your ground. Hold your frame and work on your life. Get yourself
back on your feet mate and approach another girl.
She had her chance.
Now show you got the balls to move on because it looks like she can't. She needs
to talk to you for hours on end, draining your time, energy to help her ego.
No, it's not weird, strange she made contact saying this.
It's her ego, thinking she can get your attention. Don't fall for that BS.
REMEMBER the reason you broke up. Remember she dumped you.
The games have started mate.
You don't play the game but focus on your life and move on.
Keep No Contact going.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why does my girlfriend want me to treat her as she is my
superior after her promotion? She is store manager at Mc
Donald.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Walk. Seriously, ﬁnd your balls and walk away. She maybe a manager of fucking
Apple for all I care, but she is shit about her own relationship management. This
is her trying to act superior. Head up her ass.
Walk mate. She threatened to leave.
Ok...now ﬁnd your balls and walk like you don't give a shit.
Because a LEADER doesn't threaten. They DO.
You do and show her she can shove her threat and bs superiority up her ass for all
you care. Plenty of girls mate who get promoted and don't suddenly get all
insecure about it.
If you don't walk, it shows you have no balls, no self respect and you're letting her
know she can treat you in that way. She will think she can create drama all time.
Threaten?
Man, believe me, if I am dating and a woman threaten me that she leave, I'd
fucking open the damn door and say..
"I'll make it easier for you. It's OVER."
And I walk and I'll mean it too.
You got to mean it mate. You got to with girls. Call me asshole, jerk, whatever.
Whenever you're in a situatio like this, whenever a partner threatens you they will
leave....YOU LEAVE. You show you got the balls to leave than threats. You have
more self respect.
She thinks you got her pussy high up in the sky mate.

Now walk and show her power trip means sod all to you. Approach other women.
You don't need to explain shit to her.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I love this person but she got pregnant with another man.
Should I stay?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What should you do?
1. Find your self respect and ﬁrst get a DNA test.
2. Find your balls to approach other women and without issues about ex
boyfriend. Women who know how to fucking move on.
3. Date the new girlfriend who isn't emotionally attached and into her ex
boyfriend BUT is into you.
4. Screw each other like crazy.
Or be with someone who doesn't really give a shit about you, is telling her
boyfriend how he's the centre of her life....and...how she loves him....and how
you're just a ﬂing. You know, nothing serious.
That's what you should do.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with a boyfriend who likes to share
relationship problems with other people?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I nip this in bud early on. I have boundaries so the women I date know this is one
thing I really don't like at all. Any problems with relationship shouldn't go
outside kind of thing and this is known.
I remind a few times about it too and haven't had this problem due to boundaries
but also, I got the balls to walk away if it's not taken seriously.
303 Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that guys move on faster than girls after breakups?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not a gender issue.
We can't generalise and say, who moves faster. Everyone is diﬀerent and it's not a
gender issue. Some guys move slow, some faster. Same with girls too. Some girls
move slow, some move faster.
1.7k Views

Is it normal that I'm 20 years old and never kissed someone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Is it odd that I'm 21 and have never been kissed or actually been inlove?

It is odd if you have been approaching women/men consistently, got experience
in doing so......and nothing happened.
It is not odd if you haven't approached, or learnt to be approachable and put the
work in....consistently. It doesn't just....happen.

4.5k Views · View Upvoters

When did you learn you could sing?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was very young, a 8 year old kid and living in a poor country that politician
screwed people over. Money there, deals happening and people not getting it.
So we had to ﬁnd ways to surviving.
One of the things is stealing Watermelons, dates and other fruits to sell.
One day, me and a girl, same age as me, who were dating secretly ;) got stuck. Our
heads down in the leaves as a soldier or security of a farm was walking by. I saw
she was really worried, nearly in tears.
I signalled to stay quiet, all be ok.
Then I crawlled for a while and created distance. I got up and say..
"Hey.."
The gaurd turned fast, riﬂe oﬀ his shoulder and froze. Shouting at me to come
over and I did that AS.......I SANG.
He was puzzled and kept shouting to stop singing.
But I kep singing, smiling, with hands like some actor. doing moves. As I got
closer, she was crawling away. I had to dig deep with my lungs and sing louder so
they don't hear anything...as she crawled away, rolling a large green melon.
Well, when I got to the soliders they got me to sing some more.
When done, the ﬁrst solider who saw me, grabbed my ears and walked me over to
their oﬃce. It was like an unsual catch and he let go when we arrived.
Some other oﬃcers was there.
He said for them to list.
"COME ON! SING."
And so I sang and they cracked up laughing because I was doing the acting move
of a very old arabian actor. They recognised the moves and so, it cracked them up.
Then when singing stopped, one of them brought out a hat that they wear.
"You are now one of the guards. We see you again ok."
And so, I found a way to get large green melinds and other fruits without stealing.
I used my talent to sing, perform.
I dated the girl until I left my country. There's more to story about us two, but I
remember what she said..
"Sing that song like you did?"
And so I would sing the songs I sang and she'd crack up laughing as I performed
the song, not knowing, if we'd survive the days ahead with no food or being
caught, or imprisoned as children of the street of Yemen.
Whe I came to UK on my own, I kept singing and haven't stopped since.
I am busy underground music, drum and base, speed garage, house music, dance
music, and perform life.
And when I do, I remember that day and still see her in the crowd.

Laughing, clapping, wearing the hat I got from oﬃcers.
521 Views · View Upvoters

If a woman ask a man she just knew if they can meet for coﬀee,
do guys usually get a message that she likes him and making a
romantic move?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman asks me to meet for coﬀee, I am not going to see it as a romantic move.
There needs to be something in beginning, face to face, or text, or phone that has
ﬂirting, and reveals her interest to me than some vague subtle message.
Context is important here because this happens a lot with me in London. I'm an
artist and I meet lots of women, so I get this a lot.
I cannot assume every woman who asks me for coﬀee is attracted to me
Something got to happen, either before and as it happens for a guy to know you're
into him. Unfortunately far too many women just play subtle.
Then wonder why most of us men don't get the signals.
You won't believe how many times I was invited to a woman's house and I did
nothing, for her to complain why I didn't.
And when asked for coﬀee or when women message me on facebook....I don't do
much and they wonder why I don't.
Well, how the heck will I know she's into me.
So don't be subtle or you have a higher probability the guy won't know your
intentions. You could be just friendly, being polite, and I have been in such
situations in past. It's embarrassing and awkward.
So for me, personally - no. I won't see it as romantic.
I might think there maybe but I won't know for sure. I might just assume it's
really in my head and I'm reading into things too much.
645 Views

He says he doesn't want a relationship, yet doesn't want me
seeing anyone else. When questioned, he said "relax & see what
happens." What's up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know this sounds harsh, but walk away. Run as fast as you can if you don't want
to be controlled and not into just sex.
Look. I have no problems in saying to a girl I don't want a relationship and not
looking for anything serious. I'm up front that I love sex and all but one thing I
won't do is tell a girl to not see anyone else.
When he says, "relax and see what happens,"
He is really saying, "you're the problem. You're worried about nothing. You're
ignorant. Something is wrong with you."
Nothing wrong with you and he's the problem.
He's controlling you using manipulation techniques.
So for your best interest, health, sound and mind, please walk away. This isn't the
best it gets. It gets better. Plenty of amazing guys out there for someone like

yourself if you want more. Plenty.
It may take going through some guys but the faster you do move on, forward, go
through them with high self respect....the faster you'll get to such a guy.
What's up is this guy is enjoying controlling you, enjoys manipulating you, enjoys
it for his ego and thinks you won't walk away.
Walk away and move on.
You're strong enough to do that. You are.
23k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a good idea to let my ex boyfriend read my journal as a way
of closure?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're doing this in the HOPE of getting him back. It is not done for your own self
growth. You want to do this to kind for him to feel sorry for you, see your pain and
all that. Attracting some validation, acceptance, a resonse..
Hope, to get him back.
That's why you want to get your ex-boyfriend reading your journal.
And I know, you're going to say you was together for long time, and still love him,
blah blah blah. It's not new.
Move on.
1. Block him
2. Remove from phone and block
3. Get your awesome dress, bang make up, get your friends and get out of the
damn house and party. Go and have fun with your life.
Time to move on.
Write for yourself and don't let ANYONE see your journal.
257 Views · View Upvoters

I made this girl I like really pissed at me. what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Listen mate. Admit you have made a mistake. Don't go oﬀ saying sorry blah blah.
Just say, I admit I made a mistake.
Now if she says...
Her - I want to be friends
You - If that's what you want. No problem
Don't kiss her ass, and all that.
Then distance yourself, be busy with your life, go and have fun. Don't show you're
some chunmp who is going to grovel. You made a mistake, and yes, it's dumb
doing things like this and immature but....if this is what it takes for a girl to say
that....move on. Say you made a mistake and don't let her think you some guy
who is now going to bloody chase, beg and all that.
I did the same thing mate.

I went, had party, fun, did my shit and I didn't bother after I said..
Me - I admit. I made a mistake.
Her - I don't want to date anymore. Just be friends
Me - If that's what you want.
A week later after me not contacting her, nothing whatsover she wants to talk,
meet up, date and all.
Hold your frame.
Don't kiss her ass. You just admit you made a mistake to her and if that's not
enough. Fair enough but you're not going to grovel, kiss ass and all that.
Just give her time to chill.
Distance.
It's logical to chase but believe, it doesn't work that way.
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

Has a girl ever given you a shot after you confessed your
feelings to her (after being rejected)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. She said no, and then I smiled and said ok.
A week later, I am dating her best friend who I didn't know was her best friend. I
met her at supermarket while shopping.
I was glad the other girl rejected me because this new girl was not only attractive
but we clicked together. She was fun to be with and wow, sex damn good...and she
loved partying like I did. Very smart when it came to world views at such a young
age. That what really got me to really want to know more about her.
That spark to able converse about things diﬀerent most wouldn't at that age.
Me and her walked into a house party and guess who was there.
The girl who said no.
Her expression was priceless and I didn't do this intentionally. I didn't know they
were friends and anyway, I wasn't bothered when I did know.
Next thing I know, I started getting text messages from the girl who rejected me
later that night when I left party with my date.
Her - Hey, like to meet for a drink and chill tomorrow evening?
Me - Thanks but no. Busy.
Her - Listen I' so sorry about last time. I was just confused. You know how it is. I
didn't know you was into me in that way.
Me - No sweat. I was ok about it. I've moved on.
Her - So how about we meet, you know, we can maybe start where we left oﬀ
Me - Not interested. Bye.
...........................................................
When a woman says no, I don't pine for her and she may think she's giving me a
shot but she isn't only woman on planet. I got balls to approach other women.

Also I never confess feelings early on. I just ﬂirt, tease and ask girl out. She hasn't
earned squat for me to tell her how I feel, confess love, romance stuﬀ and all that.
A guy who can move on fast, approach other women is a man who creates
options. Has self respect.
18.9k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do to get my ex-girlfriend back if she does not
even want to talk to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is easy to rationalise to chase, call, text, try to explain but you see, this isn't
about logic. This is about emotions. A lot of negativity.
Many have done so before you and many didn't listen when I advised until they
screw it right up to later regret. I'm going to explain what to do and why you do it,
and ﬁnally, the deep underlining reason on the mindset to take.
First, it all depends on the level of damage done from both side. How serious it is.
Sometimes there is no going back. Sometimes there is a chance.
However, if you avoid doing these steps, you increase the chances of her
resenting you, being angry with you and unwilling to want to be with you.
1. NO CONTACT
The reason you do this, is you're in an emotional state. Your emotions are all over
the place. So you will do things that go against what you desire to achieve. You'll
demonstrate unattractive behavior. You'll talk, try to convince, chase, pester, and
it leaves you in a very vulnerable state. You will make decisions and you will say
things coming from a very needy place than a strong place.
Also she can take advantage in abusing your time, use you emotionally to...get
over you. And you can also do the same to her.
2. Distance.
The no contact also helps because there will be negativity. This is not a time for
you to explain. This is not a time for you promise change. Nor for her either. This
is a time for space, distance to get both of your act together.
This is about you not making her centre of your life but rather, focusing in
sorying your shit out. It's about ﬁnding your attractive qualities again and
investing in yourself, and in your life.
Which brings us to the following..
3. Change One Thing
Look at your lofe rioght now. Is there something you have let go so easily? Have
you become lazy about certain attractive qualities you had before like job,
purpose in your life, grooming, communication skills, your weight?
Are you needy? Have you become complacent in not setting boundaries? Have
yuou become a guy who women walk all over so you please, impress and you fear
to say or do things due to fear of loss?
So if there are things like that, in which your frame has been tested out and you
didn't sort boundaries and be ﬁrm with them...now is the time to reﬂect and grow
as a man with balls.
Whatever you identify that is big right now to sort out...sort it out.
This is a time for self growth.

4, Length of Time....
Some will say 90 days but I say, until you come from a strong position than a
weak one. It may take longer. You do not contact her, you don't go back and forth
with her with text and any of that.
If she does call, you say, "Look, I need my space. I want to sort things out in my
life. When I'm done I'll call you."
Have the balls to stand up for yourself to change for you and fear nothing. Do not
fear she moves on. Do not fear she is dating someone else a month later.
5. THE MINDSET
You ﬁrst sort yourself out.
Get yourself back on your feet and away from this neediness., The girl doesn't
want to talk to you and you're still looking for ways to tru and talk to her.
Self respect mate. Move on to invest in your own healing, self growth and develop
the attractive qualities you got.
When you have done so, which probably take more than 90 days, you can contact
her to just meet and talk. You have left it alone for her to think and for you to get
back on your feet and to never be in this position....where if a girl walks away...you
chasing. Have self respect.
Sometimes, in doing these steps and in really growing, you may ﬁnd like most
guys, that they don't want the ex back at all.
You may ﬁnd you have grown, learnt a great deal and realise, going back to your
ex isn't going to do good for your growth as a person and life. You may ﬁnd you
attract other women and due to you learning a few more things....the relationship
becomes better and you are in a stronger position.
It happens. Happened to many of my friends.
Happened to even me.
I went through this years ago and one day she called me but sometime happened
inside me. Before I really wanted her back but something changed. My growth
helped me to see more about myself, opportjnities and attracting very attractive
women and I began to think..
"No, I don't want to go back. I want to start fresh."
I said to her, "I've moved on. I don't want to go back together."
She was very surprised. She thought I'd chase her, call, text. Her friends even said
that's what I do.
I did the reverse and I tell you right now....it was the best decision I ever made in
my life. This was a turning point in my life.
I cannot promise you, you'll get your ex back. No one can.
But doing it this way gives you self respect. It gives her space. It gives your space
to avoid doing anything that may create nmore obstacles than solutions.
It respects her choice.
She doesn't want to talk to you. Respect her wishes.
It will make you a stronger guy coming from a positive stronger position than a
needy and desperate one.
98.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why is it that when a guy likes me he gets his friend to tell me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 21, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's because he fears rejection but I feel, when a guy does that he loses a lot. He
loses the powerful conﬁdence ﬂirting, teasing and projects. She misses the
excitement, hear thropping nervousness as he does it.
He misses the moment of seeing the reaction on her face. He misses the most
imortant of all GROWTH. Learning to be a man.
Each rejection and each yes, is growth. We learn something from each one.
I ﬁnd approaching a woman to say she's attractive, I like to get to know her
something special. It is why I approach and not let anyone do it for me because,
one day, one day I ﬁnd women I will be with for rest of my life.
Yes, I did say women not woman because I am high sexual and like dating
diﬀerent women. And I always imagine, the stories they'll tell when someone
asks..
"So how did you meet this crazy fucking guy. He's wild!"
"Yeah, but he's got balls, fun to be with. Nor boring."
"So how did you meet him?"
"I was standing at a night club with my friends and he walks up to me and
says...Hey you sexy, what the hell. You've been staring at me all that tme dancing
my butt oﬀ and you can't even come and say hello? You're shy. Admit it!"
"For real?"
"Yeah and..in front of my DAD! He's the owner of the club."
"So my dad is watching all this and Adam is grabs my hand, swirls me around
and..SLAPS MY ASS IN FRONT OF MY DAD" My dad was about to throw a punch
until I stepped right in front of him. Adam walks away and comes back, takes my
hand, pulls me to dance ﬂoor and...well..there we go. He gets along with my dad
really well too. He still tells Adam he would have killed him there and them. But
it's all good. He knows dad's are protective. He didn't know dad was owner of
club."
It's her story.
By the way, this did happen to a woman I dated years ago.
So take it that he hasn't the balls to do it himself and...well..it's his loss. The
stories she could tell. Missed out big.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I tell my boyfriend if someone hit on me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 16, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - You won't believe it
Me - Try me
Girlfriend - A guy hit on me
Me - Of course he would. You're gorgeous
Girlfriend - Hahaha. You're not bothered?

Me - Why? You're gorgeous. Look at your ass and tits girl. And that face of yours,
(stroking her hair) and those eyes to die for. You think I haven't noticed guys
looking at you when we walk. Come on. You're hot! Hot!
Girlfriend - That reminds me how you approached me
Me - I can't remember. All I can remember is your ass and those tits ;) and...how
you nearly got the large heavy bowling ball fall on my foot.
Girlfriend - Well, had to get your attention.
Me - No you didn't. Your ass did a good job. I was going to walk over anyway.
Girlfriend - Do you remember what you said?
Me - Hahaha. 'Can you please move your ass and tits away from my view. I'm
bowling here. Hahahaha.
Girlfriend - OMG you're so bad Adam. Trouble
Me - Yeah I am (slaps her ass) What an ass ;)
Girlfriend - (Punches me slightly on arm)
...............................................................................................
You know your boyfriend better than we do. If he's insecure, jelous, he'll make it a
big deal. Sad if you can't even say things like that to your guy.
Personally, I won't see it as a big deal. I see it as part of world we live in.
If you want to tell him, tell him.
Women I date sometimes tell me and I do what you see above. I use it to make
woman I'm with feel damn good. The world is complimenting, no big deal. Even
average looking women will get hit on.
Of course guys will hit on women I date.
They are gorgeous, attractive, smart, intelligent.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is dating your best friend's sister wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with it but for me, personally, it's just too close to social circle. I
have done it before and always, the brother gets involved and I can't be bothered
with it. It can lead to complications in friendship if things don't go to well.
Especially if you break up and you meeet your mate...and she's with her
boyfriend. And...you're still into her.
So I don't date my best friends sisters no matter how attract they maybe.
Just can't be bothered with hassle and it's far too close with social circle. I
personally got options anyway. I approach tons of women anyway, and I rather
keep close social circle as nothing more than friends.
20.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do boys overthink when texting a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Both boys and girls overthink while texting.

Especially if they are new to dating, haven't much experience and also lack
options. So if a guy isn't good at approaching lots of girls then he is in scarecity
mode and worried on what to do when texting.
But when a guy is experienced, mature, has options, lots of numbers of girls, well,
he's not going to over think like someone who isn't at this level.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

How can you tell when a man wants a relationship with you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't listen to words. It is done by behavior...
1. He sees you more than three times a week.
2. He stays at your place and you sometimes at his.
3. He introduces you to not just friends but closer friends, co-workers.
4. He takes you to meet his relatives, brothers, sisters, mum, dad
5. He plans holidays with you
6. He plans other important things with you
7. He ﬁnally asks you to move in with him or he moves in with you. Or you get a
place together.
So things like that because he wants you to be part of his life. This won't happen
straight away mind you. It will take time.
But it's not in words you need to see but in actions. Behavior.
9 Views · View Upvoters

How do I express my undying love for the girl at work I have
never spoken too?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

looking from the comments, you said you've exaggerated the question and really
you want to ask her out.
Then keep it simple.
You don't show aﬀection. You don't use words like "magnetised" and instead you
start ﬁrst in ﬁnding out if she's really not some damn bitch, bratty, awful at social
skills, and also...if you really like.
Looks can be deceiving. So ﬁrst see who she is.
Qualify ﬁrst before asking her out.
You do that by walking up to the woman ﬁrst and say..
"Excuse me. I know this is a bit forward but I was just walking to the bus stop and I
saw you. I had to walk over to say you're very attractive. (pause.) Hi, my name is
(your name, shake hands).
Let her introduce herself or you ask who she is.
Don't mention you saw her before and all that, as it might creep her out.
Now, you need to listen and the converse to decide....is she someone you like to
get to know more of? Is she someone you'd like to date? You like her personality
or something really oﬀ?

So don't look at her looks only.
That got you attracted to her but now you got to listen.
After conversing and if you feel, you do like to ﬁnd out more, date her, then add
after you ﬁnished..
"It was great talking to you. I have to get my bus but it be great to continue the
conversation over coﬀee another time."
Again listen. If respond good. Ask for number. Then walk away.
One step at a time.
Also, a number is not a date.
Most women always give their numbers to guys. Being polite and all that but
most do it to avoid conﬂict in street. They avoid awkwardiness. They hate saying
"no."
So if she doesn't answer her text, phone, never responds...
It's not personal. It's how it is.
If she's not into you, she's not into you.
Don't make it a big deal, harrassing her, continue calling. Leave it alone. You've
done your part and rest is due to her.
You now move on to approach someone else.
She won't be the ﬁrst nor the last woman you get infatuated by ;)
546 Views · View Upvoters

What is the diﬀerence between a girl being ﬂirty and
interested/liking you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The diﬀerence is in after the fact. That when she ﬂirts with you, you advance in
ﬂirting back, stay fun and then lead to asking her out.
If she gives any excuses, like busy, not into relationship, I don't know, then you
have found out she does not qualify for anymore of your attention.
Why I say this?
Because girls ﬂirt for other reasons
1. Out of sheer bordom from their medicore, mundane, day to day life which they
pretend to us guys that is awesome, with their BS FB and Instgram photos ;)
2. She just wants attention
3. She wants to just see if she can pull a guy to her
4. To show oﬀ to other girls or you
5. Also due to anxiety. If she feels uncomfortable so she does it to overcome the
anxiety, silence, or whatever.
So you never know until you initate the next step in asking her out, she says yes,
you get number and lead to meeting each other...and...treating her like a
girlfriend.
2k Views · View Upvoters

My friend told my girlfriend that he likes her, should I be
jealouse because she's getting mixed feelings?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Her saying she got some feelings for this guy is a SELF SABOTAGE tactic to avoid
saying she wants to fuck him.
And your friend is an asshole.
I won't be surprised they already busy like rabbits.
Yes, move on mate.
Approach other girls.
This so called friend is an asshole. He's a predator. He cannot even get girls
himself, he creates doubt, trouble that is in a sense....already there. He was
ﬁshing and smelt trouble somehow and he probably saw her eyeing him up too.
Yes, move on.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever liked someone you used to friendzone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From a guy perspective, just one, not all guys, but me...the answer is no. If I don't
ﬁnd her attractive, if she pisses me oﬀ with being slow in showing emotions, if
she plays mind games, if she just bitchy, catty, if she got a bitch sheild on, if she
doesn't respond....if she doesn't take my advances.....I move on.
She is gone out of my mind.
And there is an added thing too...
I am busy in life, and she isn't a priority and I don't see her probably for years on
end. I'm a guy who doesn't make lots of women as friends.
Either I am not interested and I move on or I ﬁnd her annoying to avoid her, or I
don't see her for years on end.
Most of the problem of most women I knew and moved away fast.... is because
they weren't responsive. They were too slow to show interest. They played some
game. They were too shy and it was just boring the shit out of me.
The messages were far to subtle
Not that I didn't approach and showed my interest clearly, directly.
They just weren't responsive, insecure and later I ﬁnd they were interested but it's
too late. Dynamics have changed. I'm dating someone else and also attraction is
gone. Also what I am looking for in a woman sometimes changes too.
I've moved on.
It's not done out of spite.
It's done out of me having self respect and what I look for after the attraction part
i.e. the look kind of thing...is what I need to see fast...
1. Conﬁdent woman who will not fear showing she's into me
2. Femininty and very high sexual woman. Can ﬂirt, touch, eye contact.
3. Is a woman who sees a man she likes and responds to his advances

4. I feel I can be myself with her. Knowing that by sharing who I am, she isn't
giong to judge me, calling me a player but I'm a guy who has wide general
knowledge. Who has learnt social skills to achieve what he desires in life. That
she is socialble, not awkward and I connect with her in a way I feel alive with her.
It's not hard with her. It's not diﬁcult. It's not awkward and it's not "OOooh, you
guys only think about sex." It's mature, the BS is over. We're adults. We can say
what we mean and behave it too.
I am very unforgivining in the attraction phase.
So if any hiccups, she ﬂakes, slow, too shy, whatever....I will move on.
There is no fear of loss which some people try to promote regarding dating..
"OOoh if you don't try again you might have miss it. She might say yes."
I don't ever think that way. Maybe if I was 14 years old, or 16 but not now.
I qualify fast and I know some women are just being polite, so I make sure to be
clear when I approach. If I don't get the response I need for her to show and tell
me she's attracted to me too...I am gone.
I don't care if she's shy.
I don't care if she has social anxiety
I don't care if she fears rejection
I overcame these and do it anyway when knowing the pressure and I expect then
the same thing for women to do same if she sees a guy she likes, but he doesn't
know.
Rarely happens. Raley.
In all the talk about "it happens" I have only seen it happen once and the girl
didn't even ask but her friend approached me.
Sure, we could be friends but you know what....I got a lot of things in my life to
do. I got purpose. I got passion. I got dreams. I got goals. I want to do things big
and inpact a lot of people's lives with what I do.
As you can see, it doesn't leave room for me to chase someone for months on end.
Or I see someone in zone illusional zone and give a second chance. Rarely people
change their behavuor, the way they dress, communicate and so forth.
I don't think there be some diﬀerent change in the woman I moved away from
after approaching her.
So she won't be a priority. I probably won't see her for years and I'm not type to
call on phone for days talking every week either.
The window is so small and in these times, if a woman get a guy's attention who is
of self worth...who is very conﬁdent.....got dreams...purpose....and he ﬁnds she
isn't showing interest...he'll move on fast.
Dissappear to give another chance because to approach a woman once is hard
enough. The emotions we got to go through, the fear, the rollercoast and fyucking
BS too due to social pressure is high.
It is also for women too but I don't see MANY woman approach guys. It's rare. So
it's really down to guy to do it most of the time.
I doubt I'd give someone I liked another chance.
Attraction for me is gone and it is mostly the behavior or lack showing interest
with me, or games, whatever. I have moved on.

I don't want to go through same process with the same woman. I want to move on
and be done with.
Planet is full of women and probably and highly unlikely we'll meet again. Time
is valuable, so I won't think about yes again for same person.
Nor think I've lost out in anyway.
That's from just one guy's perspective. I can't speak for all guys.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Do you agree that a girlfriend should never angrily call her
boyfriend out in front of other people?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I've never had this problem Khalil.
I learnt earliar on that relationship management need to be sorted way in the
beginning. Boundaries sorted way before and an understanding between us is
sorted. earliar on.
So not only is it not on for girlfriend to do it but also for guy.
And really, there has been instances I never had to mention those boundaries
because there is real respect between each other, the intimacy, loving and well,
world can go and fuck oﬀ...and so can our egos.
So I am more of a guy who sorts this out way, way before it even happened.
There's more to relationship most think and much of the problems can be nipped
in bud earliar on, before it ever happened.
275 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Khalil j Jon

I am in college and it seems like every guy ignores me. Is there
something wrong with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 14, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes there is something wrong with you.
Because you THINK something is wrong with you and so, you cannot see the guys
looking at your hot ass, tits, and curves. How they approach you and make
excuses to approach you, like,..
"Hey, got a ruler?"
"Have you got the time?
"Have you a pen (1oth time)"
"Hey join our group!"
So you have many opportunities to smile, make eye contact, lick your lips, bite
your lips, brush your hair back and say..
You - "So....how big is it?" You say, while biting your lips
The Guy - I..erm..I..OMG....OMG! (thinks the guy)
You - I meant the project (as you give a devilish cute grin)
The Guy - Ooooooooooh I see. Hahaha (DAAYUUUUUUM....she's hot)
You know what I mean?

Be alert, smile, eye contact, be more approachable. Talk, walk up to guy and say..
"Hey weren't you in our group?"
Make some excuse. Use anything. It won't matter.
Just stop thinking there's anything wrong with you or you'll miss all the action;
And Emily.....I didn't mean that kind of action.
Eyes up above his zipper ;)
One step at a time :P
419 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Emily Andrew

I've been crushing on this hot girl for 4 years. She says she loves
me, but she's not in love with me. What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah yes. The waiting for the right time, right moment, right everything. The fear of
losing a friend and blah blah blah. The fear of rejection.
The Bollywood bug, of how she is the ONE and you shall wait forever to convince
her with a plan...
"Hmmmmm. I will be her friend and get close to her until she falls in love with
me."
4 years mate. I would have already approached many women, had fun, got laid,
learnt a lot about women and got laid some more.
Thing is..... she already told you in a subtle way that no way in hell she is going to
date you, be with you in that way and you screwing her.
That is the code "Love you but not in love with you."
It is BOLLOCKS woman lingo meaning, "nah, I don't see you in that way. You're
just a friend. You waited too long and now, I get all this emotional support,
attention, friend, telling you all my worries and knowing you chasing me FOR
FREE! Why would I want to ruin that huh? EVERYONE knows youre my friend. Like
my brother. Like my sister. Like my....girl-friend!"
The result is this....

Move on mate.
Just move on.
1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Praveen King

If I ﬁnd a woman attractive should I just tell her?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need some work. I'll leave an example for you there but it is a guideline to
show you what I do. Not you copying it but to show the ﬂow of things....
Me - Excuse me, (smile) I know this may seem forward but I just saw you and had
to come over to say you're attractive...
Her - Thank you
Me - BUT....good looks are far too common these days (pause) and I really want to
ﬁnd out more about you. Hi, my name is Adam. (shake hand)
Her - I'm Jenny (not her real name)
Me - Your accent, you're not from Scotland are you?
Her - Hahaha. Is it that obvious?
Me - I went to visit scotland a month ago, At inverness
Her - You did! I used to live in Inverness
(talk a little about inverness and she shared some stuﬀ too)
Me - So tell me, what do you do for fun?
Conversation went on for 10 minutes, all about Bowling alley and drawing,
painting and then..
Me - Jenny, it was great meeting you. At ﬁrst I wasn't sure about you but since I
got talking with you, I think we hit it oﬀ but we need some work to do
Her - You're cheeky sod
Me - Yes I am. Thanks. Listen. I got to go and meet some friends but I love to
continue the conversation over coﬀee.
Her - I'd like that
Me - Great. Here, put your number in my phone.
We exchange numbers.
Met her a couple a days later after sending some fun humorus text then lead with
ﬁnal text....
Hey Jenny, I hear the Bowling alley at (she said she likes Bowling and thinks she
can kick my ass) It has awesome reviews, and this is a challenge. I'm going to
whop your ass. You have no chance. What you're like Tuesday or Wednesday
7pm?
Her - Challenge accepted! Tuesday is good
Me - Great. See you there 7pm.
And she whupped my ass at Bowling but hey, I didn't care because I got to take
her right back to my place. Rest leave to your imagine ;)
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I wait for my guy friend to make a move, or should I just
forget about him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What should you do?

You know how many people ask this with similar story as yours and when we say
what to do, they come out with..
"Oh but it's complicated and if I do this or that, and I get rejected, then
blah...blah...blah....friendship gone down the toilet."
You see what I am getting at?
Sometimes, people don't want to know the truth on what they should do. They
just want to vent, get it out there to get their feelings out.
You have two options.
1. The ﬁrst is you approach and ask guy out but if you're so attached to this guy, if
you so worried about rejection, and if it happens - it will hurt. So damn hard. And
if you so worried about losing a friend because he can't take a compliment, well,
that too will hit you so hard.
2. You just leave it alone and see it that the guy isn't really that into you because
he hasn't really showed action he missed you. But then again, he could fear
rejection and have no god damn clue what to do.
So I feel you're not going to take action UNTIL he speciﬁcally comes out and says
it.
Most people say, "what should I do?"
But really, they know what to do.
Most just afraid doing it due to fear of......loss.
When the fear of pain is greater,....it's not going to happen.
If he was to take action, he would have done so. If he was interested, he would
have done so but he hasn't. That could mean he isn't that interested or the fear of
rejection is greater than ﬁnding out if you are into him too.
4 Views · View Upvoters

What attracts men to women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 21, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Most of the answers are based on relationship mode advice. This is attraction not
“IN A RELATIONShip” answer.
Attraction is not relationship mode. It’s about how she likes cookies, how she is
into books, reads, and all rest most talk about.
Attract means the cause that gets the guy’s attention to then approach, to come
to a place, to engage the woman. It is to grab the attention of a man to then
have the man take action to approach.
Attract - to envoke, to grab attention, to propel a person to take interest and walk
over to you.
Most answers are about absolute value, relationship advice.
This is attraction, perceived value not absolue value.
So based on perceived value not absolute value, then it be…
Visual (curves, body) - That's the ﬁrst I'm going to see. Her body, her ass, tits, the
shape of her body. That's the ﬁrst that will get my attention. She has looked after
her body and she looks great. I'm not looking for perfection but I do want to
imagine being with her alone is going to be damn hot. It's also the clothes and
how the ﬂow around her and show her shape. More on clothes later.

The Face - there is something cute about her face. That innocent look, smooth
skin which I always look for. She can be 40 years old and she'll have that look. It
doesn't matter about lines or freckles. It's just that face that is glowing.
Smile - even when a woman has the curves, the ass, the tits, the legs, the face and
ﬂowing hair.....if she isn't smiling...if she is down on her phone....it's over. She is
unapproachable. The wall to approach has escalated high. Doesn't mean I won't
approach but if she isn't smiling at me....when I'm looking...it's can be a deal
breaker.
Dress - The way she dresses. When a woman dresses up it tells me something
about her. I like a woman who takes care of herself with clothes and even the
ﬂowing of her long blonde or red hair. I'm a sucker for women who dress well and
who have long ﬂowing hair.
That's what will attract me towards a woman but what gets me to ask her out are
these...
Sense Of Humour - she is ok about a guy ﬂirting, teasing her and even using
some sexual tone. Isn't oﬀended by it at all. She will also ﬂirt back and have fun
too. She has a sense of humour and isn't serious. She gets what it's all about.
Feminine - She is conﬁdent to ﬂirt, to touch a man's hand, to be conﬁdent to gaze
into his eyes, get closer to the man, bite her lips, lick her lips. She's knows how to
use her voice, her eyes, her facial expressions to draw me, arouse me and to show
she wants me. She's conﬁdent in doing so without fear of being judged.
Conﬁdent - She doesn't have to act catty, bitchy and is conﬁdent to be in herself
to smile and talk. She doesn't think that a guy only sees sex about her. Nor is she
going to play some game talking about some guys hitting on her or how she likes
someone else to me to get me interested.
Social skills - When I approach she knows how to have a conversation. It's not
hard work. She's going to stop tapping away on her phone and talk. She's going to
ask questions to learn more about me as I do with her. If she doesn't, then I am
going to take it that she isn't interested. Being shy is not an excuse to be used. Get
over the shyness and talk.
Behaviour - How she treats me. Is it respect or she is looking down at me and
judging me? Is she telling me I'm a player or does she appreciate I'm a worldly
man who learnt to be comfortable with women? Does she treat the other people
around us with respect or does she backbite, complain about people and isn't
nice. Is she kind, compassionate or not.
Passion - when I approach and we talk, there is ﬁre, passion and she's not
pretending she isn't interested. If she doesn't show me passion as we talk and
she's just standing or sitting their like a robot, no expression, just slow, mundane
instead of really showing interest in what we say and just back to her mobile
phone...she's lost me. I'm gone.
When a man is now engaging with the woman, it is still attraction. The
investment is little and if she fucks up behaving in any manner that shows
dishonesty, playing games, she loses status.
Attraction can dissappear fast because she is not safe to be with or she is not
compatible for the guy as he ﬁnds out she is not sex positive or desires a certain
relationship model he is not into, or she has certain views regarding genders, or
she is lies, or she manipulates, or she’s dishonest or inconsistent or emotionally
unstable.
26.8k Views · View Upvoters

How should I react when my girlfriend tells me a guy confessed
to liking her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 25, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - A guy today looked at me, approached and said I'm cute
Me - Well, you are cute. You also have a great ass. Did he say anything about that?
Girlfriend - OMG! No. Only guy who said that to my face and even turned me
around to say it...was you.
Me - Well, you have a great ass. It's gorgeous. Those squats paid oﬀ big time ;)
Gilfriend - Hahaha. You're trouble
Me - You said that when we ﬁrst met and yet, here you are with cute face, and
great ass. Now come here (slapped her ass)
...
That's how ;)
13.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I contact the guy I used to date and say I'm sorry after 10
years? (please read details)
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You probably already contacted him and like most things in life especially with
people, things happen after years have gone by.
You know, marriage, the logistic of things, destination, timing, and other stuﬀ.
Nothing wrong with contacting the guy and just getting a feel of where he is, and
where you are, even in a sense of location.
EDIT..
Looks like you have already talked and as I thought, the logistics, destinination,
timing is kind of not going to make it happen. And you kept your feelings to
yourself too.
Best though to not wait.
I'm a romantic guy myself, although some see me as a badboy, but only because I
go for what I want and speak my mind in a sexual manner. However, romantic
one is, time is short. You only got this life.
Best not to wait for a guy if the timing is way oﬀ and you see it just don't make
sense waiting. I personally won't wait for a woman if she got kids, and I got kids,
and waiting for them to grow up.
Life is too damn short. Too short.
No matter how anyone can philosphise it into some poetry. It's short and best to
just live in the moment and fully.
All the best.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What if a girl says she's too busy to be in a relationship but also
that she really likes me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"Constantly dissappoint me" is her avoiding awkwardiness to say exactly what
she should have said but really won't..
"I'm not into you anymore. I'm moving on. "
All the rest is just to pat your ego, make you feel less pain and probably she said...
"OOoh, it's not you, it's me. It's not you." BS too.
Do yourself a favour..
1. Do not chase to convince her
2. Do not try and talk to her to convince her
3. Do not do sod all to convince her
4. Don't do what most typical frustrated chumps do.
Doing stuﬀ for her, buy stuﬀ, go on holiday with her and all that nonsense.
No. No. No!
Or it will end like this....

And this...

Because in the mind of frustrated chumps, they think this is going to happen...

It's not.
Instead, what will happen is this....right here...(look at the guy in green shirt)

Or you will ﬁnd a common ground with other chumps and together you'll do
things like this..

It will become so desperate that the legacy will follow you all the way to college
campus and girls will smell a chump anywhere for this to happen...

And if that's not bad enough, the story will reach the News...

Move on.
Cut all communication.
Block facebook.
Block Instagram.
Delete number.
Do not pine over her.
Move on.
Planet full of girls.
Approach other girls and date someone who is into you than chasing someone
who isn't anymore.

Or you will learn the hard way, the way of chumps who get so frustrated until all
their self respect is down the toilet.
Don't take it personally. Just move fast. FAST as you can. Like, right now.
20k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a drunk guy kiss you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's drunk, all inhibitions gone and he doesn't give a shit who he kisses. Now, if
he wakes up next to you in bed, a couple of times....well...that's diﬀerent :)
But if not, it means sod all.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when guy kisses you multiple times?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be the following...
1. Your lips taste delicious
2. You're delicious
3. You're very delicious
4. You're so delicious he can't help kissing you more
5. You're extremely delicious with luscious lips and he can't help kissing you
multiple times..
OR...
You're quite brand new dating each other, and he likes you a lot.
Give it a year and see if he still kisses you multiple times ;)
35.4k Views · View Upvoters

I've been told many times I am very handsome I've been asked
out a few times, but I'm still terribly shy, how can I get over
this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like anything else. You have to do expose therapy. So you need to do what is
uncomfortable for you to do. For starters though, stop programming your mind
by feeding it BS, like, "I'm TERRIBLY SHY."
So start by not saying stuﬀ like that and then do little steps to put yourself in
social settings to mingle, converse. One step at a time and gradually, like you're
turning the tap on...you increase the boldness of doing more.
But do stop saying you're shy.
Winning in life and overcoming anything starts by thinking. It's a mindset ﬁrst.
So nip that one in the bud right now.
99 Views · View Upvoters

Should I pursue a girl although she's got a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nop. If I knew a woman has a boyfriend already, I am not desperate, needy to
pursue. Even if she's interested. She has a guy already.
But here's what you need to reﬂect on.
Let's say she dates you while she's got a boyfriend.
Then one day she does that to you and you try acting all righteous with her. She
can turn to you and said..
"It didn't stop you fucking me when I had a boyfriend already, did it? So why is it
cool for you and not for me to do that?"
The ﬁrst initial framing, as we call it dictates the relationship.
If a guy is a wuss, and approaches girl like a pleaser, this dictates the relationship
if she goes for him. She knows she has control no matter how much he bitches
about it on Quora on how how she got mad for him not getting her pop corn. Or
how she ﬂirts with other guys and can't say damn thing.
If the guy is a conﬁdent guy and he approaches conﬁdently, and if she dates him
and through it she does something he doesn't like....he pulls her upon it and she
realises he's not some guy who puts her on a pedestals...AND he has balls to walk
away from her.....this dictates the relationship.
That she cannot walk all over this guy. He's not that type.
If a guy approaches a girl and she knows that he knows...she is already dating a
guy. This will also dictate something in the relationship later on.
Many guys mess up in the very beginning.
It's called Relationship Management.
And you're about to do the same if you go for a girl who already has a boyfriend.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad sign if a girl doesn't reschedule a canceled date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For her if she's interested because i would have contacted another girl and moved
on. There is no bad sign really.
Rather it is you're own self respect, core values and terms you live by.
So for me, I have a qualifying process.
1. If she cancels and does not suggest any further date, I have already moved on.
2. If she's not responding, doesn't show interest before date. I've moved on.
3. If I ﬁnd woman has some issues, sexual hangups, talks about ex...it's over. I
move on.
So it's not about you looking for bad signs.
It's about you knowing what you want and what boundaries you have and to
follow them. That way, no one controls you.
You are going to move forward either way.
6k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl, but she's likes another guy. What do I do? (details
in comments).

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't spend time on a girl who is not emotionally invested in me. It's that simple
man. Far too many guys spend time texting back and forth with a girl and not
being direct early on.
It's like this...
1. You see a girl you like.
2. You converse, ﬂirt, tease for only a few mins.
3. You ask her out.
4. It must be FUCK YEAH or FUCK NO.
If it isn't a Yes, you move on because then you're nothing more than her getting
attention from another guy, patting her ego, and being some emotional support
for. Using you like some Tampon.
These are red ﬂags to move on..
"I don't know" I am not attracted to you the way you are with me.
"I'm not ready for a serious relationship" I am not into you.
"I'm not sure." I'm not into you.
"I have a boyfriend." Whether she is telling truth is neither here or there. Move on.
All these tell you she is not available for you.
But where most guys mess up in is hoping the girl says yes. Hoping through time,
persistence and pushing she will say yes.
Big mistake.
You need abundance mentality.
Planet is full of girls and if you chase one you're done.
Chasing and Pursuing are very diﬀerent.
Pursuing is when you approached a girl and she has shown interest in you. So
both of you know you like each other and it's just about moving to next base to
date, meet, face to face, get to know, comfort stage right to seduction sexual stage.
Chasing is where guys get a no, or the girl doesn't show interest, she does not give
deﬁnite answer and he is STILL chasing her.
That's chasing.
They guy thinks by confessing his feelings, his devotion is going to make a god
damn diﬀerence. You don't confess such feelings early on until she has
emotionally invested, you've dated, got to know, and screwed each other many a
times.
And a span of time gone by...6 months, a year or two.
But early on is desperate, needy and she hasn't even done jack to hear a guy say
such feelings to her.
You're approach shows you're attracted to her and asking her out immediately
shows that anyway. Feelings about love and all that need to be left alone for a
while.
Know the diﬀerence etween pursuing and chasing.

You will need to if you desire to succeed in dating girls faster and move away from
time wasting with girls who are not interested.
She knows what she wants.
Just because she says she doesn't know, does not mean she doesn't know what
she wants.
Her "don't know" is "I'm not into you."
Hete's what all women, girl want.
THEY FEEL that FEELING with the guy. Attraction.
It's about feeling. Her map goes with what she sees in the guy. It's a perception.
Her perception is reality.
So if a guy behaves in a diferent way and it shows unattracrive traite which is all
in the map in her head...she will make excuses to say no.
She won't say, "NO."
Most don't as to avoid awkwardiness.
Most girls hate saying no.
Move on.
Dissappear.
Be a guy who shows he has options.
Approach other girls. Learn to move faster and you will get to where you want to
be. Maybe not with the ﬁrst girl you meet, or second, or third, or fourth but the
faster you learn to move, the more you learn quicker and get to that girl who
says...
"FUCK YES!"
That's who to focus on and sort date with.
Leave all the girls who won't give clear answers and who will use you like some
backup, standup guy or as some tampon to talk about their worries.
179 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys care about anything other than looks at ages 15 - 17?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. Every guy is diﬀerent. Some guys are oblivious to dating for
real. Some guys think about girls all time.
And some like myself, aged 15-17 did think ass, breasts and all that. But that only
attracted me to approach.
If she didn't have other qualities which I found most didn't, like she was kind,
compassionate, down to earth, not up her ass thinking she's it, and she was
smiling, bubbly, then....I am hooked.
So I'm not going to pretend.
I did see ass, titts, body, face looks ﬁrst and I do so even today as an adult male.
However the same thing happens always.
I approach and I qualify.

I ﬁnd out who she is, and if she is nothing but looks, meh, I know it's not going to
happen. I'll have fun teasing, ﬂirting but.,..I'm not bothered dating her.
So it hasn't changed from when i was 15 years old.
I like ass. I like tits, I like good looks but these only grab my attention.
The rest, her not being socially awkward, has no sexual hangups, she smiles, she's
engaging, she shares something of herself, she's showing interest, she has bubbly
personality and I can have fun with her and not drama....ah well...that gets me
want to date her.
I don't believe in shallow.
I believe everyone is diﬀerent, has a need and shallow is people labelling others.
Everyone has a need, a desire and a right to choose.
Nothing shallow if a girl or guy looks only for looks. That's their need. That's their
lifestyle. That's their choice.
550 Views · View Upvoters

What are the best words to use to tell your girlfriend you are
breaking up with her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Sorry but I'm moving on. I'm not feeling what I thought I would you. So I'm
moving on.
Girl - Can't we be friends then?
Me - I can't. I want to completely move on.
So I haven't given any hope and I want to make a clean break. I really mean to
move on. None of the bs most do, keeping in touch with ex.
I'm moving the hell on for real.
I block phone, facebook, the whole damn lot. No hope. Very direct. No dancing
with words and actions.
Now here's what you don't do..
Guy - We need to talk
Girl - (dissappears)
Girl - (appears after one week) you wanted to talk
Guy - Look, I like you but...
Girl - OMG! YOU'RE BREAKING UP WITH ME! I KNEW IT!
Guy - Look, we can still be friends. It's not you. It's me blah blah blah
And drama kicks oﬀ with still texting back and forth.
Mind game son Facebook and instragram.
Looking for signals and all sorts of BS.
It's not direct and just game playing and attention seeking nonsense. Confuses
the other person and even yourself too.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

My ex-girlfriend texted me and said she's dying because of our
break up. Should I do anything about it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She said she's dying? How dying? Is it a dramatic falling OR slowly....dying in a
bad acting way?
Did Dragons include in the fantasy too?
Come on. We need Dragons! Fairies! How about Wearwolves and she is battling
the Vampires too as she is dying to live.
Then it be at least fun to read the text.
Now if she said..
"I am thinking of you, dressed in a tight red latex, long black red boots, ready to
pleasure you with all you desire. You'll feel my silk smooth body, and wet breasts
bouncing. Oh the orgy we can have right now. I am waiting for you. Take me right
now in anyway you want..."
Now that's be tempting.
But dying..."I AM DYING! SAVE ME FROM THE VAMPIRES!
DYYYYYYYYYYYING!"
Then nah. Too much drama
;)
494 Views · View Upvoters

I had a 12 month aﬀair with a married lady. She told me she
loved me and was going to leave him, then left me. Should I tell
her husband?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Many use this, "she used me for sex" or "he used me for sex."
No one uses anyone like that in regards to dating, relationship for sex. That's your
insecurities talking right there and pain.
Like you didn't have a choice with having sex. We all have choices and we all need
to take responsibility for our own actions.
Understandable you're hurt, angry, emotionally in pain but you need to step back
a bit and see it for what it is.
That she was with you for a certain time span and you was with her. Both enjoyed
time together and both got beneﬁts, desires, needs, want fulﬁlled.
Telling her husband is then saying, "nothing good came from it. It was all a lie."
You hurt her and you her husband too.
For what beneﬁt? What gain? Revenge? Because you didn't get her?
It's not easy for anyone to leave their long relationship i.e. husband and wife.
Some say things out of excitement. Out of survival and out of the need to be
loved, and she got that from you and....you gave her this too.
You knew she was married so why didn't even stop?
So don't paint her as some bad person and don't see it as she used you. She didn't
use you. You got love, she gave love and you gave her that too. These are good

memories and though it didn't end well in that she is back withn her man...don't
destroy it all for revenge.
Instead cherish then moments you had with her.
Embrace that you found love for a while, romance, time, sex, and great time for a
while and let her remember the good about you.
Not the bad.
Don't let her regret meeting you and falling for you. Don't think that if you
destroy their marriage she will run into your arms. She won't. She'd resent you for
it. She'd never trust you again and become bitter with memories of you.
Let her walk away with good memories of you.
It was a romantic adventure and you knew she was married. You took then the
risk in which she will go back to her husband to leave you.
Move on, approach other women and who knows, you might meet her a coiple of
years later. She might be divourced and so, you didn't burn the bridge.
No, I am not saying to wait. I am not saying have hope.
I am saying cherish what you had, move on and learn to appreciate that we are all
visitors in this journey called life.
Some come into our life for a moment. Some come for their life and some to
change our life. Some come as test and with scorn and some come with love.
Others come for a short time and some stay with us until end of time.
Enjoy and learn whatever you can from each visitor fore she may have come as a
vistor to ﬁnd out more about her marriage. Or to ﬁnd answers she could not ﬁnd.
Who knows.
All you know is always...leave a vistor in the best way possible.
Better than you met them.
This is so with all women and it is a rule I always live by.
Enjoy the memories, smile, and move.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys just stop communication instead of saying thanks
but I'm no longer interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have solved this problem mate. This way I take control back.
1. If I don't get a response, text back. I'ved moved on.
2. If she ﬂakes. It's over. I move on.
3. If she cannot show emotions and show interest. I move on.
4. If she tells me she doesn't know, blah blah. I move on.
5. If she stops communication for even one week. I move on. It's over.
And what do you know.
I don't need to worry why, what happened, and all the things most guys think
about. I am now the pilot, the captain of my destiny, and she can stay there,
pretending I don't exist or whatever.

I'll have already approached 10 more women and dated, got intimate, had fun,
partying, and yes, fuycking like a rabbit.
Don't wait for a girl/women.
Yes, it sounds so harsh, blunt, so rude, so "WTF Adam! You sexist blah blah."
Not, this is real life.
Real life is people are scared as hell. Insecure, afraid to say what they want to say.
Some want to avoid awkwardiness.
Some even enjoy the attention and will do nothing about it.
But I don't need to worry about all this.
I would have moved on fast and this makes life less frustrating and gives so many
options mate. Lots of numbers of girls instead of focusing on one.
I have only two rules.
1. I get Fuck Yeah and so we go to next base fast
2. if Fuck No, I move on.
Anything else, it's not good enough.
If I have doubts I will call the girl and get it straight and if she doesn't give me a
Fuck Yeah, I move on.
840 Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: My girlfriend and I were at the
movies and she asked me to get popcorn just before the movie
started. I refused because I didn't want to miss the beginning,
although I oﬀered to go along with her. She refused and got
mad because of this. Is she right in doing so?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, she isn't right. It's wrong. End of.
You're not going crazy. You haven't stepped into the Twlight zone mate or
suddenly found yourself in the Matrix.
You know something?
The pop corn isn't the problem. Her asking isn't the problem. How she "she felt
this" isn't the problem and "you felt that" isn't the problem.
What is?
That a girl THINKS she can create some drama over a pop corn with you and
THINKS she can get mad about it too with you.
That a girl thinks she can even try this on with you. Try.
Never mind get angry over it. Try this shit on you.
No common sense to ask for such things in beginning. The damn pop corn, the
drinks is at THE ENTRANCE!
That's logic right?
But logic hasn't anything to do with it.
It's her damn insecurity problem and trying to ﬁgure out if you like her, love her
BS games. I swear, I hate this damn games.

If I was dating a girl and she didn't have this sense, jeeeesh, forget it. It ain't going
to last long being with me. I cannot stand drama.
There's no love in this.
I was at the movies and you know what one girl did?
Her - Adam, let's get some get everything now
Me - Great idea. We think alike, (brush her hair away and kissed her)
Her - Hahaha. Yes we do. But what pop corn?
Me - Let's get both, salted, and sugar ones and we can like share
Me - Oh, let's get the big drinks too so we don't miss any of the show
Her - Shall we get these too (pointing to some sauce and some kind of chips)
Me - I didn't know you're into spicey?
Her - Wait till we get home, it will be spicey alright.
Me - (squeezing her ass)
Her - OMG! You didn't
Me - (I squeeze again)
Her - Wait till I get you home
Me - Oh yes please, spank me go on
Her - Hahaha. You're so bad
Me - That's why you're with me and not some chump
It's fun, it's love, it's respect, no drama man. No arguments. No mood swings. No
It's not a big damn deal but only one making it a deal is one who don't give a shit
about you.
And sacriﬁcing can simply take a hike where it belongs. Witjh chumps trying to
live in fear of loss and all that.
You dont need to sacriﬁce god damn anything.
No one does.
No more Knights saving the damn day.
Problem isn't anything else but she sees you as some guy she can do this to and
act this way. That's the problem.
So yes, she is wrong. She ain't right.
But let's also nip this in bud in seeing what you can do right in beginning because
sorting this out later on, isn't much good..
Girls will test you in the very beginning mate.
When you approached her, when you ﬁrst dated her.
If they see you like most guys, a nice guy, a guy they can control, walk all over,
then they'll EXPECT you to do things and if you don't they will think they CAN
BEHAVE that way.
That's the insecurity kicking in and you need to be on your toes always.
In the beginning it is fear, survival and not much love but infatuation.

That is the time to not let things slide and show the boundaries.
She thinks she can do this with you, act that way with you.
So no, she ain't right. It's wrong.
Don't let her make it a big deal and show, you can get mad all she wants but if she
keeps going....it's bye, bye.
Instead what most willa dvise "run to her, apologise."
Sacriﬁce my ass.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

If I ask a girl if she still loves me after we broke up and she
answers that she's not sure if she loves me or not. What does it
mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two things I live by..
Fuck Yeah
Fuck No.
Anything in between like, "I don't know" and "I'm not sure," and "I'm not ready"
means god damn nothing to me. It is not a.."FUCK YES!"
So if it isn't s FUCK YEAH move on.
That's all you really need to understand about girls/women and anything else is
just plain desperation, attachement, hoping and all that.
So it's not Fuck Yeah.
Therefore, to hell what it means. It's not a YES. That is all you need to know and
now..move on. Approach other girls and don't hover, orbiting, putting life on hold
on a girl who cannot give you a Yes or No.
The type I deﬁnitely avoid big time.
240 Views · View Upvoters

Why is it my friends tell me not to feel bad for them if they are
hurting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They don't want pity, someone feeling like they need to save them and all that.
Making it a big deal every time when you meet with a sorry face. Making it very
awkward whenever they meet you and socialise with you.
They want their friends to just be there, laugh, smile, talk, converse for the right
reasons. They don't want other people to know either.
1 View · View Upvoters

Why do people pay for things they can legally get for free?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would pay because I know that's exactly what I'm going to get.
Free software - probably hassle of not being that good or has some virus attached
to it. With lack of support and will probably lead to fully functional upgrades that
do the rest of the work but you have to pay for it.

Online Training - it's not just some YOUTUBE video but with it I get the ﬁles for
the work, access to an expert when I call immediately. I can get the person
immediately or someone on skyp, web cam and they'll have desktop share
software to go into my computer and show practically as I watch. I can ask
questions right there and then. So I get much more than Youtube videos.
It's faster for me to learn this way.
Sex - people pay for sex because they cannot be assed to approach women and I
don't personally don't blame them with games there is in dating. If I was rich,
believe me, I won't even bother bloody aproaching women.
It's not as free as you think.
I'd hire some sexy escort and there won't be any bs about sex. We can go out got a
dance, have fun knowing the rest is all sorted. No more games. No more
rejections. No more BS. Pﬀf. Gone!
I know what I am going to get and there is no games, no courting and "oooh
you're a player.." and "ooh he only wants sex," and so forth.
Also rich pay for this because of Time issue and cannot be bothered with the
hassle of approaching, rejection, learning and so forth.
Paid clothes, stuﬀ - When I buy from same place I build a history with my
shopping and I get free delivery for lots of stuﬀ I buy. I'm known with the
company and I know they are not going anywhere. They have a history,
reputation and I am willing to pay for the stuﬀ I buy.
Free in marketing is used to get you into habit to come back and slowly lower
your walls of mistrust. You get a taste of what they have but only slightly to later
want to but the paid premium product.
Even if it's not big price products the marketer can make a lot of money if he sells
stuﬀ for $7 due to a huge list he/she has nurtured.
I pay for speed, convienence, support,full functionality support and service. I
know 100% what I'm going to get and if anything goes upside down...I can call
and it be sorted. No problem. They have the infrastructure.
778 Views · View Upvoters

How do you set up a guy (went on a date with) with a friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be upfront with him.
It's the best thing you can do. Don't try doing any set up and make things
complicated. Keep it simple.
Just meet or call and be honest about how you feel and leave it at that. I would
like a woman to be honest with me. I'd give her much respect and also she didn't
waste my time. Also she isn't playing games like most do and leaving me
wondering kind of thing on what happened.
Just tell him politely immediately and then move on.
209 Views · View Upvoters

My little dog recently died. My boyfriend sent ﬂowers. I
thanked him on FB and his ex 'liked' the post. Did she do that to
upset me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nah. She's human being like yourself. She probably saw it as a kind gesture, and
when it comes to animals, well...sometimes people get mushy and teary eyed. So
she liked the photo.
Either way, you'd never know and best to detache from worrying about such
things.
197 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend told me he loved my after 1 -2 days of dating, is
this a good thing or should I run?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he said that after 1-2 days then it's because he's excited, feeling the rush, the
chemicals in his brain kicking oﬀ. He's probably very young, inexperienced
immature on these things.
He's just not there yet in emotion control and experience.
He will probably learn the hard way soon enough ;)
It's understandable that it will scare you, creep you out as I've explained why in
many questions I've answered on why guys shouldn't really confess such a thing
too early.
Personally, just relax, don't say, "I love you too."
Get to know him, communicate. You might need to be the sensible one here. Be
the one who he can learn from. If you like this guy then hey, be helpful,
communicate with him, let him know it creeps you out and say why.
That's what dating is about.
Communication or he won't know or even learn about how you feel.
Better he learns from you than from a cocky harsh bastard guy like me who
usually advises guys in a very blunt manner on these matters ;)
So relax, talk, communicate and just don't say anything you don't mean.
12k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend says I'm not allowed to go to a certain restaurant,
I'm only allowed to go with her, is that right?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get sick to my stomache hearing men talking bollocks about..
"Oh just don't go to that place, because she'll ﬁnd out and hell will come at you."
"Is this resturant more important than your giurlfriend?"
Bollocks.
I'd never live that way. Ever.
She knows she can say this to you, so somethings before that has happened.
Testing your frame out long before this.
She knows you haven't balls to say anything and walk away if she is serious about
it too. She knows.
If you're girlfriend is serious mate, she is controlling and is testing your frame
right now. This is abuse mate.

You follow that BS and she will do much more. Soon you will ﬁnd you are a kid
and she is acting like some controlling parent.
Next it be..
"I don't want you talking to girls ever."
Then...
"I don't want you having any friends."
So decide.
Either sort the boundaries out and for pete sake don't bs me about "I love her"
and "blah blah," - OR - you'll be wondering where your balls went to.... years later.
You will one day ﬁnd...she is sick and tired of being with a mouse, even when she
said to you to not do that...and ﬁnd her screwing someone.
Either your best friend
Either a guy at a night club
Wherever and she will also blame it on you.
There is "our thing."
The only "our thing" is that bed you both screw each other on.
That is "our thing."
That's what you don't mess with.
She has tested your frame before and you probably one of those nice guys, who
just let her talk shit like that without speaking up.
Everytime you do that, it is telling a woman...."oh I can push for more."
I don't mean be nasty at your girlfriend. I don't mean being an asshole and going
ape shit but for fuck sake man, man the hell up.
The problem isn't her.
The problem is you who has no core values, who cannot even decide as a man, a
guy of self respect that this is not on, and you're asking us here.
KNOW YOURSELF.
Know who you are, what the boundaries are and make them clear in a polite way.
Because most women will always push like this and you cannot, for one minute,
just sit there and think,"Oh ok, I'll let her have this one."
There is no this one.
Each time is you being tested whether consciously or unconsciously by her. Each
time it gives permission for her and any woman you date to see what they can do,
push and say.
So the problem isn't her.
She probably been doing this shit long ago on small things, then later on other
things and now on this.
She probably dated other guys who were put up with her nonsense and thinks she
can pull that crap on you too.
Probably heard it from her friends to do this kind of BS.

So communicate the boundaries in a respectable manner. If she cannot stop this
shit...bye, bye,.
Yes I know, "Oh but..and...well, but..I love her"
You asked a question, I gave an answer. Rest is up to you.
316 Views · View Upvoters

One day she's friendly and the next she's ice cold and ignores
me. What to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Mar 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Had that done to me too. I walked right up to her and said..
Me - Excuse me
Her - Oh hi
Me - Tell me something. Am I so fucking dumb that I am not picking up signals
you got the hots for me, or am I reading into it too much? (smiling and eye
contact)
Her - Well, to be honest, I was just looking
Me - That's ﬁne. Just wanted to know
Done. Moved on.
Two weeks later, she walks over and says..
Her - You know when you asked if I was blah blah signals
Me - Yes
Her - Well, I was so taken back by your conﬁdence, and what you said, and
walking away like that, I was wondering if you'd like maybe meet after work for
drink.
Me - Yes, I'd love to.
Now...that doesn't mean it will turn out that way but you'll never know if you
don't ﬁnd out but also do it in a fun way.
17.6k Views · View Upvoters

I always eye up cute girls, but I'm an average guy, even
overweight. I always get rejected. Should I cast down my
expectations in dating?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, you should not lower your expectations.
Instead you should work on yourself which I am sorry to say, your psychiatrist
lost the damn opportunity to help you grow.
1. Hit the gym.
You know you're overweight so get that sorted. No excuses man. It will uplift you,
make you feel damn good about yourself if you eat good, have a program and go
consistently to gym. Use respirves their like the instructors to help you.
And if you give me excuses about money, then hit the ﬂoor, do press ups, sit ups,
crunches, squats using your own body, and all that is around you. It's what I did
for 2 years, 5 times a week before going to gym and I looked damn good before
joining one.

2. Find an interest
Look at what you're passionate about and go to these events that do such things,
which has tons of people. You can enjoy meeting lots of people, girls, women and
can mingle, socialise, increase your social skills and conﬁdence.
3. Don't stare like a creep
You see a girl you like even if she's in a group...approach. Don't attache to
outcome. This is to help you get conﬁdent at just approaching.
So forget about the yes, the no, the wanting to date and getting laid. Please don't
BS me either about "Oooh I am not really looking to get laid."
I did from age 14 years old and didn't lie about it and probably why I got laid more
than my friends who were talking bs to girls, acting so nice, being friends and
zoning their asses in a cave called invisible.
Approach to learn.
When you get good at that, you will get to next step. Talking. Conversing. Flirting.
Again, detache from outcome of her saying yes, no, whateber. You don't gove a
shit. You just doing it to learn, grow, get conﬁdent.
So whatever girls say, whatever they do, it doesn't really mater,
Hell, I used them all just do grow my conﬁdence and not give a damn what they
said. I used the world around me instead of fearing it.
Because of doing this at an early stage, it has worked wonders when I met the big
wide world as an adult.
All these 3 steps you can do.
Any guy who says they are average can be above average doing these steps.
So no.
Don't lower your expectations.
Raise it high and then do the work for it.
Learn, read, invest in yourself, ﬁght for you being the better version of you. You
will look back in 2 years from now, wondering who the hell was that guy.
2k Views · View Upvoters

This girl and I have feelings for each other but she's not ready
for a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Listen, I know what you might say when I say move on. Distance yourself and do
not spend time texting, deep conversation on the damn phone, back and forth
and hanging out with each other.
Biggest mistake most guys do. Chumps who don't get the science behind it and
afraid they'll lose the girl. Up her ass, being there, far too available and all that.
Chumps advising you to convince her. Jeesh. Pete sake don't do that.
She is not ready for relationship with you.
She is not sexually attracted to you.
You're too available, too damn easy, always there, ready to give your valuable
time, when she wants and when she wants attention.

I cannot stress enough to guys about this.
So many guys spend so much time with girls like this, and they get used, like
Tampon. The girl uses them for emotional support, spending their valuable time
and when she wants attention, the guy like a puppy woof woof...tail swagging
runs to her!
You can't blame girls for this.
This is survival. People want attention. Some peop;le will do whatever to get it
due to lonliness, fear and all sorts.
People even lie to fulﬁl a need, a desire and rationalise the means to justify the
end.
What a guy needs to do is have some god damn self respect and not give his time
to a girl who isn't into him. unwilling to date him AND who says she isn't ready
for a relationship.
I am saying this from experience years ago and I learnt very fast. I learnt the
moment I did this only once as a teen and fortunately, it has served me well.
THEN when they ﬁnd out she is dating someone else, they bitch..
"OOooh, I was there for her. We talked for hours. She lead me on. She said she isn't
ready for relationshiop and yet.....she goes oﬀ dating someone else instead!"
Why would she want to date you, if she can already get your time, emotional
support and all that attention?
No matter what she projects to you, regarding her past, whatever...move on. I
don't give a fuck if she had nad time withn past relationship. Or whatever she is
going throuigh.
The deal here is she is not ready to date you - never mind relationship with you.
So distance yourself.
Do not spend so much time with her.
Don't keep showing up when she wants you to.
Be busy.
Approach other women because when you wait...you hold back your life. You put
your life on hold for a woman who isn't willing to let go of whatever to date you.
Time is valuable.
But you know what is a very high commodity these days?
Getting someone else's attention!
And yes, I know, you will tell me, "but...if..blah blah fucking blah and ignore every
thing I said with rationalising."
That logic is called...fear. Fear of loss.
Fear she might dissappear if you don't give the time, be there and all that.
If you keep doing whatever it is you're doing....you'll ﬁnd yourself in the same
place like most chumps who have no self respect. They just give their time so
easily when a girl calls out to them.
Then claim "I've been friendzoned."
Not really. One creates his own zone, own place, in their mind and in their
behavior. So an individual can stop being desperate, needy and move on.

They can stop behaving in such an unattractive matter.
They can focus giving their attention, time on someone else to build a wonderful
life. It may not last but hey, at least it's with someone who said "Fuck Yeah. I want
to date you, have a relationship with you and get to know you intimately. I'm
ready!"
They won't say it in that way but the girls will say, "yes."
Go and approach women.
Date them.
Get some experience under your belt.
You sound that you need it if you cannot move on when a girl says "I'm not ready
for a relationship."
Me, I would have moved on the second she said that. I'd smile, said thanks for her
honesty without thinking what if.
And moved on to have approached 30 women by now.
No, there isn't "but one day....,"
Or "she is the one" and "she is a godess, the one and only. gorgeous. She is the one
I LOVE."
There is only the girls who say, "FUCK YEAH" and rest can take a ﬂying leap for
all I care.
Sounds harsh, blunt but believe me, if a guy don't want to waste time, doesn't
want to get hurt real bad....it's time to think and approach this way.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters

I've become infatuated with an attractive girl, how do I stop
this and get know the true her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You stop the stories and fantasy in your head by making it real immediately. You
approach her but not in a serious tone and ask her out for a drink and chill. Or
coﬀee BUT...make your intent clear.
Do not play safe. It really pisses me oﬀ when guys play it safe and then start
asking me why the girl they liked doesn't know or she dictated role into a friend.
It's because they didn't show true intent.
Tell her, "look, before I wasn't sure about you (pause). You're attractive and I am
attracted to you but good looks are common. I really like to get to know you
more." Pause and smile.
Then add..
"I know this great place where we can go and have coﬀee."
So lead. Create the situation under true intent not friend umbrella. You like her,
you're attracted to her and you need to be clear of this to her now, not later.
If response is positive then lead to get her number as she has now qualiﬁed but
appreciate a number is not a date. Sometimes we assume far too much that a girl
likes the guy until the real deal happens.
But you will only know truth this way.

This provides opportunity now for her to show she is into you in that way or..not.
Faster you get this sorted the faster you know where you stand.
Second, you don't need to hide your intent under some pretence of friend like
most guys do. You can meet, go for walks, get to know her more and she gets to
know you.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I respond when a guy says "I love you" without saying "I
love you too"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok I'm a guy so I would do this, if a girl said this to me and I am not attracted to
her...
Girl - I love you
Me - how much do you love me?
Girl - Huh?
Me - This much (do the size hand movement)
Her - More
Me - This much?
Her - More
Me - This much?
Her - Yes
Me - Dissappointing. Sorry, if you said this much (show wider measurement) then
we'd have something going but since it's not, I'm not impressed at all. But keep
up the good work ;)
8.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why a person might ﬂirt with you, even kiss you when they are
in a relationship, then break up and ignore you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 12, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's because...
1. The person wanted a bit of heart thumping excitement for a bit
2. He/she wanted some fun
3. And he/she bored with relationship they already in but unwilling to breakup as
they are still emotionally invested. So ﬂirting is easier, comfortable and more fun
than pain of breaking with an existing relationship that has a longer duration.
The thing is, if you're bothered about it, then...
"If you knew the person is already in a relationship, why entertain the ﬂirting
anyway?"
107 Views · View Upvoters

Can I date my ex's brother?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, I can tell you from an experience a friend had. He dated the ex's girlfriend
sister and man, did it go ape shit for sometime. Back and forth, back and forth, up
and down, like a rollercoaster.
Until he thought, "Jeesh Adam, why didn't I listen to you?"
I replied, "Don't blame me. Talk to your dick."
Then there was this girl I knew, not my type of girl I'd date mind you, Too shy for
me. I run away from shy girls. I'm more of a fun, let's get down with it, kind of guy.
She dated a guy and they later broke up.
Then...she dated his brother.
Yep. It was another scenerio of ape shit in the Jungle. Up and down.
She said, "Adam, why didn't you warn me."
I replied, "Woman, don't blame me. Blame what's in your head that tricks what's
between your legs, and makes you're heart talk a load of bollocks. You had choice
of a dozen guys and you went for the guy who is your ex boyfriend's brother."
Now, does this mean you can't.
You CAN do anything.
You can strip naked right now and say, "Ooooh Adam take me now." I won't advise
it. I probably jump in..IF...IF..you're a red head and...you'll let me win at playing
cards..black jack because I always bloody lose!
Or you can walk and date your ex boyfriend brother, or his cousin, or his grandpa.
You can date the next guy who says, "hey gorgeous."
You can date whoever, as I don't see anywhere in the law that says it's illegal.
But here's the thing...
Life already comes with lots of bollocks. It comes with lots of hassles as it is. It
comes with lots of pressure. Lots drama.
It's hard at best of times, nasty, a brute and you kind of have to wonder.....
Why would you shit so close to home?
But that's logic and you know how it is when it comes to attraction, and all that.
It's not about logic. It's about feelings. #
"Oooh Adam. not all women decide with emotions. You sexiest jerk! You...."
So you CAN do whatever but why make it so damn hard for yourself. With all the
men on the planet....you go and date his brother.
But hey, your ride, your journey, your drama and hassle.
Personally, if I dated a girl and she has a sister - I don't care how attractive she is.
It is just too close to my liking. It ends badly.
Worse.
If it does turn out so damn good with her....I got to face her ex, family gathering
and all that crap. I can feel the awkwardiness now, the xmas dinner, the walking
to house, and all the drama of he said, she said, they said.
No thank you.
Life is already like a damn circus with people playing games. I won't need
anymore drama in my life.

13k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is insecure, and keeps telling me it is okay to leave
her for another woman. What should I tell her to make her
believe I love her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - it's ok to leave me for another woman
Me - Listen love. One of the ways that will get me to leave is you keep telling me
that it is ok for me to leave you for another woman. I don't like drama. I am not
into victim talk and I sure not into women who are not conﬁdent. I'm into you, I
think you're gorgeous, I see a future in us...
Now, what is it you REALLY want to say to me?
What is this really about?
..........................................
It's not the eloquent way of getting to bottom of it but I don't play nice guy either.
Or worried that what I say, how I say it....will get her run to the hills. I don't live
that way and I don't want be in a relationship walking on eggshells.
I need to be myself without being worried aboout what I say, how I say is going to
get me to lose her. No games. Just down with it.
Usually women say that because they insecure, or not getting attention from guy.
She needs her man to give her more time, care, loving, attention. Something
triggered it. Maybe absence, maybe too many computer games, maybe not taking
her out. Who knows. Only she knows but guy got to be conﬁdent to communicate,
speak up and ﬁnd out from her.
Or it's the woman herself trying to self sabotage relationship and playing some
games. Probably already checking some guy out.
Either way, speak up, say what needs to be said and get to bottom of it. Then she
needs to stop talking bollocks. Set the boundaries.
12 Views · View Upvoters

You are oﬀered a choice, you can pick two, become more
attractive, become smarter, become more ﬁt, or become more
likable. Which ones do you choose?
Adam Taha, I like to get creative with hypothetical questions

Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'll choose more attractive and likeable.
The rest I can do myself, which I am doing. Going to gym, getting ﬁt and learning
a great deal about business, life etc.
So yes - I'll choose more attractive and more likeable.
194 Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like being approached by strangers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It depends on where you are i.e. country. Some countries have a diﬀerent culture,
like India, Yemen etc. If you approach any woman, you're going to get into heaps
of trouble. But going deep into the city, for example like India, it might be
diﬀerent.

But then again, if some famous actor they know approached them, they won't say
shit but probably thank their lucky stars and tell all their friends, relatives about
it too.
I'm in UK and I have approached women in England, diﬀerent cities, France,
Switzerland and it's ok. Some might be irritated, some might not. Some awesome
about it and some have head up their asses about it.
But also, one needs common sense in how to approach, the logistics, social skills
etc.
4k Views · View Upvoters

I asked her who she liked. We were playing TorD and she said a
name of a College guy and saying she hopes to date him. Should
I just move on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You approach is very weak mate. You like this girl and then you set yourself up.
Why would you want to do that for?
Fearing rejection?
For pete sake, don't be like most chumps talking about signs, meaning and rest of
the crap they ask about.
Just approach the girl and say..
"Hey, just had to tell you, you're attractive but good looks too common. Like to get
to know you better. I know a place for a drink and chill."
Then get her number and sort it.
If she comes out with bs about some guy and and it's not a YES, move on. Don't
waste your time. Approach someone else.
You're not confused.
You're hesitent, fearing rejection and need to ﬁnd your balls and ask her out.
That's what confuses you.
Lack of action.
So take action in proper manner and show true intent, and see what she says.
405 Views · View Upvoters

I told my best friend I was in love with her, she said no and in a
few days started dating someone else. I was shattered.I miss
her. Can I text her?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know the Hollywood/Bollywood movies and romance novels, where the guy
walks up to confess his feelings....and she smiles....and says...
"Ooh baby. I have waited so long for you to open up and tell me? I feel the same
way too but was afraid you didn't feel that way.."
Well, that's fantasy.
It doesn't work that way in the real world.
In real world, you never walk up to a girl or guy, and confess all those feelings
because you create awkwardiness. Especially a friend.

Yes, most guys think it's enough to feel it but the other person needs to also have
attraction. So you don't go oﬀ confessing feelings, telling the girl you love all,
ﬁlling your head with fantasy stories, like a blockbuster movie on how it will go.
Then when you do approach and when you have invested so much time in
thinking, emotions, and she says, "No..."
It hurts big.
Honestly, most guys do not get how it is with girls. Probably brought up to believe
all his romantic bs but it doesn't happen that way in real world.
In real world, you approach in a fun way, tease, ﬂirt, make her FEEL alive. Then
showing true intent by sauing you're just attracted to her and like to have coﬀee
with her.And if she doesn't show interest, at least you didn't invest so much time.
What to do?
You know what to do. If I say what you need to hear, you'll spin some BS that most
needy, desperate guys usually do.
You know what to do.
Move on. She's dating someone else and screwing someone else. She said "no."
What MASSIVE ﬂag do you want life to tell you to move on?
This is why guys like yourself work so hard convincing some girl who don't give a
shit about you, then they walk all over you and come on Quora on how girl did
this and that. Or how she talked about some guy in your face.
This is the reason why guys get played.
Their own neediness, desperation and putting a girl on a pedestal....that she's the
one, the only one, that light shines out of her ass...AND.."I got to have her."
Yes my words ate harsh and blunt.
But get this.
Life is harder and it can be such a bitch.
If you want life to be a bitch and attract girls who will walk all ove ryou...keep
doing what you're doing right now.
You'll ﬁnd yourself soon enough depressed, messed up over one girl. Worse.
Repeat the same on another girl.
She said no. She's not interested. Respect her wishes and move on.
Not a day goes by mate, when she is fucking someone else, dating someone else
and not even thinking about you.
Think about that one for a moment.
3k Views · View Upvoters

My ex says he wants to be friends but soon after deletes me
from social media. why did he do this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Friends BUT without you looking at his online facebook activity.
I can't be bothered with writing an essay to question and so, I added this to stop
Quora collapsing the answer. It don't need a lengthy answer.

La la la La la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la la La la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa
la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la
laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la laLa la
laLa la laLa la laLa la la
287 Views · View Upvoters

How can someone ﬁnd a female romantic partner if he does not
like going to nightclubs?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

OK let's see...
1. I met her in a library. We're dating.
2 . I met the other woman in a cafe shop. Dating her too.
3. I saw her sitting at park reading a book. Dating her too.
4. Met her at a Bowling alley. Dating her as well.
5. Met her in street and stopped her to tell her she's gorgeous.
6. Also dating her, who I met in a university.
7. Met her, wonderful personality and so damn good with sex, online. On a forum.
Dating her as well.
8. Now here is the amazing red head. She gave me directions to where to the catch
the train ;)
None of these women I am dating right now I met in a night club. I only have to
walk out of the door and I see women walking about.
Yes busy fun life and yes, they all know I date other women too ;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

How could I know for sure if this guy is the right one for me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's what dating is for. To ﬁnd out more and ﬁnd out if he is right one for you.
Stop doing what most typical women do.
Assume everything in your head. Approach, date the guy and ﬁnd out.
That's how you do it. That's what dating is for.
65 Views · View Upvoters

How can I convince my girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How to cinvince her? Not using logic like nost advising you to.
1. Approach other girls.
2. Don't give her anymore attention.
3. Leave her to her "damage beyond repair" drama. If that's how she's herself,
forget it. I stay from girls who post shit like that on facebook anyway. Drama
queens.
4. By the time you date lots of girls, you'll learn a thing or two about women.
You'll have changed, grown and learnt one important lesson..

A) You never wait on a girl, putting your life on hold. Let them put their life
on hold and play drama. You move on and LIVE!
B) If a woman/girl cannot say yes, then it is a fuck no, and you move on. You
don't give a shit about, "Oh not ready," and "I was in a breakup recently" and
"Oh damage goods drama" to world.
That only tells you to stay the fuck away from girls/women who got some things
to sort out and they ain't going to sort it out on your time.
You've learnt life is too damn short to wait around and some people take years to
heal.
Don't wait. You lose big if you do.
Take it as a no, let her heal and you go and get some experience under you belt.
From looks of it...you need it.
632 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend have a crush on somebody, what should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This relationship is done. She has tested your frame out to see if you got any balls
because somewhere down the line - you lost them.
She has tested you out in your face and STILL you are trying to chase her. Still
you're trying to ask how to convince her, get her back and court her.
The girl is not interested in you anymore but she is having a hard time moving on
from you because she thinks you're so needy, drama, and won't back away. She
has been giving you hints instead of telling you straight.
Personally, you shouldn't have gone back with her and have her have this thing,
in which she expects you to change. Like she has some ultimatum over you.
When a girl does that and you're still around then she knows you got no self
respect and backbone to say "no, this is me. Take it or leave."
Move on.
She is making moves on the other guy and probably, it won't work out anyway
and then come back running.
And if you let her back in, she'll do it again.
This relationship is done but because you live in this fear of loss plane, thinking
this is best it gets and not move on - well - you're going to do tons of desperate
actions. Instead of move on.
You're going to make it worse for yourself.
What you should do is move on.
She told you IN YOUR FACE she has a crush on him and your still asking..
"but I love her, what shall I do."
Wake up man.
Find your balls and move on.
There's love and there is self respect.
This is not love. This now from your side is fear, desperation and trying to hold on
to straws.

Distance yourself, move on. Dissappear. Approach other women. Show you got
self respect and you're not taking this shit.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl and she ﬂirts with me she holds my hand in class,
she sits near or next to me in sci lab, but she has a bf. why is she
doing this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is playing with you. She enjoys the drama, the attention and emotions from
playing with your head.
The question isn't ever "why she is doing this?"
The question is why are you letting her do this since you know she has a
boyfriend. You got balls haven't you? You got choices haven't you?
You can say, "no." can't you?
Then why don't you?
Because you're the same.
You enjoy the attention and the hope she is into you.
She knows you're this guy, like most typical guys, who haven't the balls to ask her
out, confront her and make her decide. So she's playing with you, testing your
frame, seeing how far she can go with you.
She can also say no to dating the other guy but she is still with him.
So why is she still with this guy?
Because she knows you are a nice guy, letting her do this and soon it be where you
will zone yourself because you have no boundaries, too available, letting a girl do
whatever without you having boundaries.
You're not that important for her to make such a decision so she plays, gets the
emotional energy, the fun, the attention from you and goes back with guy to have
him screw her.
That's why she won't go any further with you.
270 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Da-Jin Chu

He is very ﬂirty when we are hanging out and drinking but not
so much when we are sober. Does he like me? What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters don't ask him about that day or when he was drinking. Just create a
situation, where you're both alone and go for it. Most guys haven't balls to do
what they want except when they drink a bit and then make the drink as some
excuse if the girl says something.
So don't say anything.
Just approach, create a situations as he hasn't the balls and worried about
rejection. Then do whatever. Hold him. kiss him and tell him you like him.
5.2k Views

What would happen if told my feelings to my crush and walked
away? Would she talk to me?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First don't bother saying anything if you're not going to follow through. Don't
play mind games on girls or do things you're not going to follow through with.
Second....you know the guy in the Hollywood movies and romance novels - where
he walks up to girl and confesses her feelings to her?
Then through time, that guy somehow grows to become good looking and she
starts to fall in love with him?
She remembers what he said to her when she rejected him.
She later ﬁnds him she says...
"OOoh baby. The ﬁrst time I saw you I fell for you but.."
But then the guy wakes up and ﬁnds out it's all a dream.
The things so many guys do. Fantasizing.
Here's why you don't confess to a girl about such feelings.
1. Because it is selﬁsh. It's all about you and not her. What did she do tio deserve
all that pressure of some guy, telling her, "I love you. The ﬁrst time I saw you, I
was soo...." blah blah blah?
Yes, in movies, hollywood, romance novels, comics, it works.
But that's fantasy.
In the real world, she has a lot of stuﬀ in her head. She has fear, she has peer
pressure, she has worries on what a guy thinks if she just says yes. She has
emotions, real stuﬀ that inﬂuences her decisions.
She has perception of how she sees the world and herself too.
All this and much more including, worries on what if she gets judged as a slut, a
whore, too easy because she just said yes to a guy she don't even know. Worried
that the same guy will one day call her too easy, a slut, a whore.
PS...to all guys and girls who do that, you're part of this part on why girls and guys
have fear approaching each other and being open. Part of the social conditioning
problem. Part of social pressure, peer pressure and labelling bs.
What you feel is never enough for both...you and the girl.
So what do you do?
A) Approach in a light hearted manner, not serious. Be fun, don't make her feel
awkward. That's the last thing you want.
B) A guy with self respect isn't going to confess such feelings to a girl who hasn't
shown interest yet....hasn't dated him...hasn't overcome some barriars together,
hasn't become intimate with him, hasn't become sexually intimate and...a time
span of some time has gone by.
Maybe a year or so.
2. Chivalry is not dead..BUT....
Don't think walking up to a girl and showing aﬀectionate behaviour in the
begining makes you a gentlman. It doesn't.
It can make her feel you're a creep, immature, trickster and probably make her
think you're some player to say such words so easily.
3. It's not believable

Think about it for a moment.
She hasn't earned such words. She hasn't gone through experiences with you and
worked to ﬁrst feel for you. She hasn't done anything.
So for you to say all those words, confessing feelings will only trigger her mind as
to why would such a guy say such words to someone he doesn't even know. Even
if she's a friend....why say them so....easily.
But imagine for a moment...
Her mind has evidence of falling for you slowly, you've approached her in a fun
way, you didn't put everything out there. You have got her to feel positive
emotions. She's dated you, experienced some adventure with you, grown to be
intimate with you, has kissed, embraced, been intimate, sexually intimate and a
time span has gone in which you slowly but surely reveal yourself like a gift
opening up slowly.
Then you say the words..
"You know, when I ﬁrst saw you, I thought you was just attractive but the more I
got to know you, and we went through this, and that, and this, I got to see your
personality, warmth, blah blah blah and I've grown to fall in love with you..."
Now...she will probably and highly think...
"I believe what he said. He didn't say it so easily in the beginning. He's saying this
because he has got to know me through a certain time. And this happened, that
happened, and this happened."
You were smart.
You were mature.
You put more time in understanding about girls/women. You realised the
mistakes most guys do. You've grown to a truth that even though girls do believe
sometimes in these romance stuﬀ....and though they say they want it this
way.....what they say and what they fall for is diﬀerent entirely in the real world.
In books, movies, music videos - it is easy for girls/women to believe it happens
because they can escape. They can fall for the guy fast. They can fall into his
arms. They can kiss.
They can rip their clothes oﬀ and pants.
They can open their legs and say, "Oh baby, take me now. Fuck me now!"
But you see, if you understand one thing about human being and especially
girls/women.....they can imagine all this for real, as they watch or read because
NO ONE KNOWS!
No one can know this desire most have.
No one can see, watch them, judge, label, point at them and ostracise.
No one.
But in the real world, very diﬀerent.
In the real world we are wearing this social BS mask.
In the real world it is ﬁlled with fear of being judged. It is fear of being humilated.
It is fear of having sex with a guy and he dissappears. It is fear of a guy and girls
talking about her for being this and that.
You can literally feel your heart pumping up and that sick feeling just seeing a girl
or a girl sees a guy - and - that's just on idea of approaching the person.

It is the fear of rejection. That pain is overwhelming to even think about.
It is emotions and pain they so want to avoid.
And you now know this and so you will not approach like most needy, desperate
guys and guys who lack any understanding really of how it is for girls/women and
the way the world is.
So be mature about this and have some self respect.
But also have some wisdom on how it really is and just approach to say...
"Excuse me. (SMILE). I was just walking to library and saw you. I know this is a bit
forward but I ﬁnd you attractive but....(pause) good looks are so common these
days. I like to get to know you more. My name is (your name)."
Be fun, converse, don't impress and if her response is positive, ask her out for a
walk, or coﬀee, or chill or whatever. Get her number and sort it out.
Leave all this talk about feelings, confessing, love for much later.
This is no time to get serious.
Gradual build up tension.
One good thing about romance books is romance, confessing, embracing, those
words happens way in the middle of the book and sometimes near the end for a
very good reason.
To create sexual tension.
They don't have a guy confessing his feelings so early.
Now that's something to take away and apply in your life with approaching
girls/women.
But above all else...don't start something you are unwilling to ﬁnish.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jake Smith

What does it mean when a guy you're dating texts you only
twice a week?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok let's look at this..
1. He's shy
2. You've only dated a few times.
3. You met him on a dating app.
That means, hell will freeze over if he picks up phone to call you. It's one of the
reasons why I stopped teven bothering with shy girls.
Now, if you like to ﬁnd out the 100% reason...forget what we say and what you're
assumptions say...and call him.
It's that simple.
Call, text, communicate and ﬁnd out where you both stand.
Find out what you both want from this.
Find out if you're exclusively only dating each other
Find out what boundaries to have

Find out what the heck both of you are going to do now.
Talk. Whenever you're unsure...talk with each other.
Communicate.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend told me that she is going to meet her ex-boyfriend
in a hotel room for 2 nights and 1 day to end everything
between them and she said that she will not break my trust.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oooh that one.
So she said to you......
"I'm going to meet my ex-boyfriend and we're going to screw each other in every
position, possible. I am also telling you this because...I KNOW you haven't the
balls to walk away now. How do you think I can say this kind of shit to you and
you will naively sit there, debate with me or probably put some question on
Quora, and...still be here? Because I know you won't walk away! I just know. I have
tested you're frame way before this and it all lead to this. Look...you're still here!
You haven't broke up with me! For CRYING OUT LOUD! How can you BELIEVE I
will be with my ex for two days in a hotel room to end it?"
What should you do?
Tell her..
"Hey, forget 2 days. It takes longer to break up. Yeah., a week. I'll pay for the hotel
too, and even throw in an couple of male escorts. While you're at it, let me thrown in
two more female escorts. You'll have a wonderful orgy. Oh wait. Let me give you
bank details, credit cards and pin number just in case....a week is not enough to get
closer.
I'm sure it will help you to get some closure.
Wait. Even better. Let me get one of my friends to join. He said he loves your tits and
ass you know. Yes, why not. You can have a gang banging festive belate New Years
celebration.
And while we're at it...
I'll throw in a stripper too, jumping out of a cake."
Note...sarcasm.
Wake up mate. Wake up.
13.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys never approach unpopular girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For a start most guys fear rejection. So approaching any girl even if she is
unpopular will still play havoc in their minds.
But also, most girls/women don't help much either...
1. They are unapproachable i.e. they don't smile
2. It's not hard to get engaged when a guy does talk to them. Understandable, as
guy is new but if it was some hot hunk one direction, or justin bieber or some

older hot guy...they'd have no problem chatting ;)
2. They either on their mobile phones, head down. I see this a lot with
girls/women. A lot and everywhere.
3. Their shy, socially awkward and really don't show interest themselves on guys.
So you got most guys fear rejection and on top, girls not being approachable.
How about smile, wave, say hello.
Now, if this is about school...
Well, we got much more...
1. Social pressure. Scared what others might think
2. Guy fears rejection
3. Girls not approachable
4. Or girls busy trying to be popular in playing hard to get and having this fake,
frown look.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if the girl I love has rejected my proposal? She
rejected it by saying "We were friends and still are. If you feel
this, don't talk to me from now onwards." She is my ﬁrst love
and this is hard for me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What should I do after being rejected by the girl I love?

What do you do when you apply for a job and they say, "no."?
Why is it so hard for most guys to think that way?
Because this isn't about logic but about emotions and when it's emotions, all
rationlity and common sense goes out of the window.
Most guys, the average typical, inexperienced, immature guy lose all sense of
rationality in this matter.
They think....their love for someone is enough for both of them.
They call that love.
Man of self respect, of maturity and experience does not speak of love, that deep
feeling and nor confesses it to any woman until she has shown interest. There has
been a history of by dating, emotionally investing and much more.
Love...love...love.
Like Hollywood, Bollywood movies and romance novels - the word thrown here
and there and used so easily. Like it means nothing whatsover. So easy to sday it.
Giving to any woman or man, who has yet to show any interest of same level or
more
If a woman ever came to me, and said..
"I love you.."
And we haven't even dated, got to know each other, had sex, known every part of
her body, overcome challenges together, for a certain time span of year or two.
I would look at her, and I would know, she is not ready for a man like me.

I would know, such a woman gives that word so easily. Controlled far too much
with emotions, excitement and lack of experience.
I have broken up with a woman who said those words on phone, after just one day
of being with her and sex.
All because of such immaturity.
How can she love me after one day? How? She knew nothing about me.
That's the same with any woman of maturity who hears such words. It creeps her
out.
Understand, what you feel is never enough for both of you.
It needs two to tango.
You don't spent so much time with her in your head, creating fantasy, stories, so
much drama to then approach her months or years, to say..
"I love you."
"Well, I don't" she replies back.
You get hurt bad.
You've emotionally invest and also invested time, thinking.
It hurts.
Now you move on and it won't be easy.
You respect her wishes and you learn from this.
You learn when you like someone, attracted to someone...you approach
immediately and ﬁnd out if they feel same way.
Don't waste time creating drama in your head, fantasies like a
Bollywood/Hollywood movie or Romance novel playing in your head.
That's why most guys of experience and maturity do not orbit around a woman.
You won't ﬁnd me hovering around a woman who I am attracted to. I go straight
and show true intent without confessing love.
Light hearted, fun, tease, ﬂirt and if I ﬁnd right there and then, she does not show
interest - I move on.
It makes it so much easier and I don't see she rejected me.
I see it, as she has lost the opportunity to get to know me. She rejected herself to
know me. I don't take it personally.
I move on.
32.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if he is into the relationship or just for beneﬁts?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We look at Fuckbuddy and I have a few fuckbuddies. It goes like this..
1. We call each other for sex.
2. We have sex.
3. We go home.

4. We don't call, phone for intimacy like talking about love and "I love you." but
rather we phone to say hi, talk about stuﬀ but that's it.
5. We don't date.
6. We don't ask about other relationships.
So I set boundaries, we both do, or whoever I am with in regards to fuckbuddy
relationship. I'm always honest if a woman asks about what I want or I'll be open
anyway. I always say I am not into monogamous and some are ﬁne with it. Some
are not and those who are not, I don't go any further.
I say my goodbyes and that is that.
Now let's look at relationship...
1. I have already approached, she is attracted to me too.
2. We date and sometimes, depending on connection, depending on how we're
aroused, depending we so into each other...we may even have sex on the same
day/night we meet. That doesn't mean, contrary to believe, that if a woman holds
sex, that ALL the guys will dissappear.
Nop. That depends on the...guy not about gender issues.
3. We meet again, we walk about, hold hands, embrace, get to know each other
more. We learn about each other at a deeper level. We probably see each other 2-3
times a week or more. Depending on our time and also relationship I'm in, or
we're in.
4. Later, she will meet my friends, other people I know and I'll take her to places I
know. I want her to know, even though I am not a monagamous guy, dating just
one woman, I like to see I am not hiding anything. I like her to see that I want her
to be part of my life, world and see what I do and who I know.
So she meets people I know, sees what I do i.e. musician, artist, meets people like
friends, and also people I met in my life.
5. We go on holidays together.
Like I am dating a red head. She's awesome. Lovely scottish accent, bubbly and
she has brought out a lot of good in me too. She loves my work and always wants
to see what else I am working on.
We are going to Italy together. We saved up and so we planned when, where, how
etc. I've always wanted to go and so does she.
This is a relationship but she knows I am not into monogamous and she is ok
about it.
But regarding relationship, what happens, this is it explained brieﬂy.
6.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you get a girl to become comfortable around you?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Updated Jan 15, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The way to build comfort is...
1. Stay away from movies and resturants and walk. Go on some adventure
together through city and show her around your world and she shows her world.
2. As you sit have a coﬀee ask questions about her but also, listen carefully to ﬁnd
out more,. Expand what she has said to ﬁnd out more.

3. Share about you, but not too much but enough she sees you, about your
passion, goals, experience in life, books you read, etc but be diﬀerent to most
guys. Don't be so serious but be light hearted.
4. Keep away from any stories about ex's and negative stuﬀ. This is not the time
for such talk. I avoid such talk. This is about emotions, positive emotions you
stimulate in her not doom and gloom.
5. You..LEAD. On some who say, "oh follow her lead." Follow her lead my ass.
Most women won't lead in dating and you're like waiting...waiting. No. You lead,
but give room for her to have her say.
Maybe she wants to show you someting she went to, brill, go where you're going
and then go where she wants to go. Lead, don't keep asking, "what you want to
do." Plan it, and make it an awesome experience with her. Don't kiss ass.
Remember, you're also seeing if you want to see her again. Not just her making
the decision.
Also what if she leads to some negative, about past relationship?
You lead. You move it away, and do not let her dictate the vibe. Be careful of
letting a girl lead to these places. Lead it away fast, without being apologetic
about it..
"Look, this is the past, but you're with me right now. I like to ﬁnd out about you
regarding you."
You can say, "You know I was reading this book about fears. Amazing what I
learnt about myself. Blah blah blah (talk about what you learnt, what the book
title is etc and how it helped you, brieﬂy/ Tell a stimulating emotional story, using
pictures, to ignite her imaginatoin. Create moods in her mind. Positive mooods."
Then ask question, "if there was one thing you really wanted to achieve, what fear
that could prevent you and how would you overcome it?"
So move it fast away from past relationships if she she starts doing so.
6. On folks says, "make her trust you because all women think guys want sex."
Don't ever hide your sexuiality, ever. I never hide it. I use touch as part of the
conversation, this is advance level. I do not hide my sexiuality. I do ﬂirt, I do use
sexiual tones in conversatio as humour but I never hide my sexiuality.
If a woman thinks I'm just seeing her for sex, that's her problem. Bye, bye. That's
her insecurities. Don't lie.
Like last week..
Women - you guys all think about sex
Me - Why you're so serious. Listen. When I saw you, damn right I was attractive to
you because you are gorgeous. Yes, I think of sex but don't think it's that damn
easy getting me in bed with you. Sex is the most natural thing in world and I don't
take kindly to anyone really who is insecure about it."
Later on phone she called and said..
"For ﬁrst time, a guy was honest. I was a bit shocked what you said."
"I don't know why you're shocked. We're grown up, mature adults. I didn't bring
sex up you did but when it was, I am not going to pretend I'm not a man, not for
anyone woman."
From that conversation she is eager to meet again.

Don't hide your sexuality if it comes up, don't play safe. This is a time to build
comfort but genuin, sincerely and also to qualify.
In comfort stage, there is still attraction. You still be fun, still ﬂirt, tease, but also
bring it down to talk about each other. So like a rollercoaster, up and down, up
and down. Attraction - ﬂirting, teasing, humour, touching as part of the
conversation, to comfort..ﬁnding out more about it each other.
6.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean and how should I respond when a girl says I
just realized you haven't asked me if I am single or not through
text?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you missed an opportunity to get in there and date her, if that if you're
attracted to her.
But if you're not, well, you just say, "I don't see you that way. I see you as a friend."
And to stop Quora callopsing this answer....
Long ago, in Scotland, where lots of hot attractive red heads lived. A guy was
walking about and suddenly, he woman with ﬂowing red hair pops up from
nowhere and says..
"Why didn't you ask me out already?"
"It is because of the magic."
"The magic," she says.
"Yes the magic." He replied
"What about the magic."
"It stops me from asking you out." He added.
"But how do I stop this magic," said the woman with red hair
"I don't know but let's ﬁnd out.."
"And so they went together on a journey to ﬁnd out, how to stop the magic."
Yes, it's a shit story but it helps to stop Quora callopsing the brief answer ;)
526 Views · View Upvoters

The girl that I like has a boyfriend but she ﬂirts with another
guy. What to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girls/women ﬂirt for many reasons than just showing interest, like..
1. To have fun
2. To forget their medicore, boring, life whioch they pretend to us guys are so
damn awesome and yipidee dee dad.
3. To feel good about themselves
4. To feel they can attract a guy and have the pulling power
But you don't need to worry why she does it.
Insstead you need to be a dectective in answering....

"WTF am I doing? There's plenty of girls on this planet? She's already got a
boyfriend."
So when you realise this and got balls to approach other women....you don't give
her attention. You set your boundaries.
So this isn't about her.
It's really about you.
World will do all sorts but the deal is, your measurement of a man is on the line
and not for anyone else to say, "You're awesome."
But for you to know who you are.
Your ﬁrst steps, always...always dictates who you are to girls you date.
You cannot complain to a girl you date when she screws someone else because
she can say..
"So now you got a problem with it? It didn't stop you when I was dating my ex.
Hypocrite!"
776 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jr Saludares

What are some reasons or factors that guys friend zone girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From personal experience..
1. I am not attracted to her
2. She is slow on the take. She doesn't converse back and I'm doing much of the
work, and showing she isn't interested so I move on.
3. She demonstrates unattracted behavior i.e. she ﬂirts, teases (WITHOUT) being
clear on her intent and saying she is attracted to me. Though I know it is very rare
for women to have the backbone to approach guys and just bloody say it, it's a
turn oﬀ for me.
4. She shares her problems to me, about other ex's, other guys, and on how guys
gave her the number, and how she's not interested or is blah blah. She self
sabotages by talking about how guys treat her bad, talking negative even after I
say that I'm not into negative talk, and about guys she's on about. It's a pity
because I'll like her but I now ﬁnd her not compatible with me.
The moment she does this, I don't even want to know anymore about her. Moving
on. Bye, bye.
5. She says shit like, "all men are all into sex." Like the only thing she is testifying
she has to oﬀer is sex and also trying to tell me, that sex is bad when it ain't. It's
the most natural thing in world.
Yes, what attracts me is ﬁrst visual, as I don't know a woman from ﬁrst moment I
see but visually, I so want to bang the woman if I am attracted to her. However, I
need more i.e. personality, awesome smile, she has passion about something in
life, adventureous.
Her looks, way she dresses, walks, smile...attracts me but what keeps my
attention and reasons to probably ask her out is she isn't socially awkward,
converses, has passion, opens up, we connect and doesn't play hard to get. I ﬁnd
something about her that I really like at a deeper level.
6. Doesn't show emotion, playing it hard when I'm texting, and the
communication and eﬀort is only coming from me. Not showing interest. When

you show intimacy, when you are at a stage to sexualise as it's time to, she
doesn't. She dissappears and thinks I'm going to be around dancing on fucking
eggshells. She comes back a day later as though nothing has happened and does
it again.
So I move on without even giving a reason.
Or I move on after I tell her why guys are not interested in her, where she fucks up
in and hope she goes and sorts it but...not with me.
I'm sure you've see questions like, "He texted me for a week and suddenly
dissappeard..."
That's one of the reasons why guys dissappear.
If most women talk shit, negativity, if she can't show intimacy, if she clamps ups
and dissappears all time when it comes to that - this tells me she's not compatible
to me, she got lots of issues in her head and trust will be so damn hard to even
bother with dating. Forget about relationship.
I'll ﬁnd most women don't give clear answers, don't share much about
themselves, when they do it's negative and atraction killer - and playing hard to
get or I have a hint she is.
These are some of the indicators which tells me that she does not qualify for the
next step. The dating. For me to put anymore time in.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How does it feel when the girl you love the most says that she
will not be happy with you in the future?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What it means when a girl you love says she does not see a future between
us, as oﬀ the moment?

It means, she is not sexually attracted to you. Have you been spending lots of
time with her, being avaialble, doing all this "ﬁnding commonalities" with each
other, texting...texting..phoning...phoning....hanging out.
Then....you told her your feelings?
For now, she isn't into you. She doesn' see you this way and she is saying it in a
way to avoid awkwardiness. Take it as a no.
If a woman says, "I don't"
Or "I am not ready yet."
Or "Aliens have landed and they taking all the pretty people to create a colony
and I will be busy, so not this year..."
Take it as a no.
I do not wait for women, ever, no matter if they dangle some damn carrot with..
"as oﬀ the moment."
Like I'm going to wait when planet is full of women.
Yes, I know what most might say, "But Adam, you jerk. I lover her and well, you is
always into sex man. You asshole. You just see sex. You is sexist. You is the
incarnation of the devil!"
The same thing a guy said to me about 2 years go, about this girl who said to
him...

"as oﬀ the moment.."
You know what she did?
She went and dated one guy, then another, and then another...then
another...while he waits for her to be in that "moment.
So take it, she isn't into you in that way.
Take it as a no.
No matter it be this week moment, next week moment, next month month, next
45 months moment or next year moment.
You only got THIS moment, today.
Everytime you wait, you lose big! You lose big because your life is on hold while
she goes oﬀ doing whatever. Living life to the full while...you wait.
Nah man.
Move on.
Take it as a no, no matter what and move on.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bruce EZio

Why would a guy ignore a female friend of his?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He probably knows you really don't want to go out on a date with him.
This is why I don't persist with women. They say no, that's it, I am moving on.
Even if she feels she wants to but says no, I will move on.
I would advise just text him as this is a communication problem.
Also remember, you met online and personally, most guys online get butt hurt at
slightest thing. They fear rejection and pleading for women to go out with them
than just taking a no and leave it at that, and not take it personal.
So text him and explain and if he doesn't respond, just leave it.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why would a guy who likes me encourage me to date others?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There isn't enough information here for me to really say but I will assume he
hasn't asked you out. He hasn't shown true intent in saying he is attracted to you
and wants to date you AND you have also not shown true intent.
By that, I don't mean subtle messages. I mean you said it to him, that you're
attracted to him and asked him out for coﬀee, drink whatever.
Since that is the assumption I am going to lead with, then...
1. He either likes you just as a friend and nothing more but that.
2. OR....he is playing some dumb game to show he has some high social value
which is insecurity, because a man who knows what he wants goes for what he
wants. He asks directly than playing some reverse psychology nonsense games.
The only way is for you to then be direct with him and ask him.
What have you got to lose. Nothing.

8.9k Views · View Upvoters

I don't have self conﬁdence and read a lot online but that
simply doesn't help me, what should I do?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Jan 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, reading is a diﬀerent to learning. Reading and learning both have
diﬀerent processes.
For example, I wanted to be conﬁdent in approaching women, lessen social
anxiety and so I read tons.
But that was ok to understand psychology, the tactics, techniques, the knowledge
of history behind sex and the man made creation of modesty...shame, labels and
social conditioning.
However, this did not give me conﬁdence.
Conﬁdence came from doing something, getting out of the comfort zone, and in
doing I learnt a lot about myself, about my ﬂaws, my imperfections, my
strengths, personality, core values but also...I became proﬁcient in the skills I
needed.
The approaching and all that at ﬁrst became very scary for me but I started very
young. I knew a lot more at age 15 that most young guys, men and women knew. I
devoured books but I also approached many girls, later, many women, and for
each rejection came a lesson.
From each success came self esteem boost too. My self image went sky high and I
am not initimidated by women or society on how I do things now.
Each time I pushed the boundaries and each time I did what I did, I discovered
much of what people teach, say, is complete bollocks in regards to dating. I also
discovered so much more about myself.
The wonderful thing I have discovered, is no matter how much I learn, there will
always be room for improvement. I am ﬁlled with ﬂaws and that is ok. It pushes
me to grow even more.
95% you can read but you need the 5% to make sense of the 95%. You need to
apply, go out and do.
This is same with other skills in life, in business, in anything really.
It's not enough to read. Never is enough. Reading gives knowledge but it only
calms oneself for a while. It does not remove the frustration, the pain and nor
does it give you the success you really need to increase your conﬁdence.
You are still stuck.
You are still in that place.
You are still a follower.
You have yet to...lead.
To go out in the Jungle and...do it.
894 Views · View Upvoters

Why my ex boyfriend and I are friends with beneﬁts while we
keep in touch all time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you couldn't move on.
Because he couldn't move on.
Because he can have sex without the hassle of relationship, and all drama. So can
you. Nothing wrong with that by the way. If you both want just sex, hey great.
That's the type of relationship you got.
Because you both kept in touch and have sex.
Because you still enjoy each others company but you just don't want to be in each
other's face and just have sex.
Because you both made a choice to be Fuckbuddies.
Because...you both decided and now you're fuckbuddies and fuckbuddies really
don't date. They only meet for...sex.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Who falls more in love, girls or boys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Can't answer this question. You're like making it a gender issue and there isn't
much proof on who falls more in love. I am very dubious also about research,
statistics and all that.
So cannot answer this question.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hamxa Farooqi

When a guy does not want a relationship/fallin love, he just
wanna 'chill', what does he actually mean and what do you
think I should do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The word "chill." <<< sex.
Or "let's go for a drink and chill at my place" <<< sex.
When you get to know a guy at a bar and he says...
"Hey, want to go and have a drink and chill at my place." It's sex.
Similar to this too..
"Hey, let's go to my place and let me show you these photos I mentioned" in other
words, I want to take you home for sex. The rest is but an excuse. He isn't going to
blatantly outright say he wants sex..."
So, if he says to you...same thing..
"I'm not looking for anything serious, no relationship/falling in love, but to just
chill."
It means the same. Sex. Can lead to fuckbuddy relationship.
That doesn't mean he's an asshole, a jerk and all the stuﬀ most label. He just
saying what he wants to you. He hopes you understand this lingo, as most guys
will say that but if you don't, no problem.
Just decide what you want.
If you're alright about that, going to chill, have sex, fun, no relationship, then
cool. Go with it.

If you're looking though for relationship, dating, and rest...well...this is not what
he is saying. It's not going to happen.
10k Views · View Upvoters

How do I pursue a girl that I just know her Facebook and rarely
see her outside?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know those rare moments, where you see her outside?
Approach her face to face, with a smile and say..
"Excuse me, but I was just walking to (bank, shop, whatever) and I saw you. Had
to come over to say you're attractive. (pause, smile). Hi my name is.."
Then start a conversation for a bit.
Or you can send her a message and say,
"You know you're face seems so damn familiar. Have you ever walked past blah
blah street or blah blah?"
At least it's honest.
"Yes, I walk past because blah blah."
"That's why your face is familiar. Blah blah blah..." end it with a question or
statment to continue conversation
242 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys like it when girls just give everything up for them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can't speak for other guys as we're all diﬀerent but..
Holy shit, No.
I don't want any woman giving up everything and then telling me..
"I gave up this for you. For us. I sacriﬁced blah blah blah, for you. I had to
leave this for you. I...I....I."
So as you can see, for me it is a turn oﬀ.
Now, if she got some passion, some dream, needs help...well, I am in there. I'll be
a cheerleader, give moral support, be there kind of thing. If she hasn't, that's cool
too.
But to sacriﬁce everything and then remind me later....man, biggest mistake
when it comes to dating and being with me.
Turn me oﬀ straight away.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why am I not picky when it comes to girls?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I started to date, I wasn't that picky and not because of lack of self
conﬁdence and boldness to go and do what I want. I was diﬀerent from my
brothers and sisters. One brother for example was brought up a diﬀerent family
for a while.

I was mainly brought up in the deep urban hood, so I grew up with guys who were
good at girls, and women. I was from all family, of bros, sisters, cousins successful
with girls, women.
Not because of looks by the way.
But because of what I learnt and experienced.
What I learnt from day one is not to be picky in beginning because I didn't have
experience at all with girls back then. Conﬁdence I had but most girls I
approached were a bit intimidated by me but later, I found out that is good too.
It attracted me the girls I wanted.
So I was picky to get experience and I dated lots of girls, and I learnt a great deal
about approaching, ﬂirting, teasing, transitions, building comfort, trust, right to
the sex and the challenges that came for each one.
As I got real good through some years, then I started approaching very attractive
women. The past helped me to do that.
However, your question seems to tell me something else. It has a hook in it, like a
frustrating delima. That I have seen in other guys and still do today.
There could be two reasons.....
1. It could be you don't believe in yourself.
You fear that the girl you really want to date, that turns you on, that is stunning to
you, when you see her...is out of your league.
You'll hear a lot of young guys on here and even older saying..
"She's out of my league..."
I learnt earlier on, no girl/woman is out of one's league. I was even pushed by my
friends who were good with women to go for very attractive women as I got older.
So this is ingrained into me.
The moment you see such girls you're heart goes crazy, makes you feel very
uncomfortable and so you don't like to feel this way.
So you probably then don't go for that girl and just date any girl who isn't
intimidating for you.
You're in your comfort zone.
So it could be this.
OR...
2. You are not ready
It could also be, you're afraid of starting a relationship. You feel you're not ready.
You feel you have more time to explore.
That's ok.
Just make sure you say to the girls, that you're still dating, having fun and not
looking for anything serious yet.
However, this is just an assumption and just some thoughts to help you ponder
more, ask yourself more, be honest with yourself to get to the answer you're
looking for.
714 Views · Answer requested by Corey Livinghouse

Should I apologise to a girl I don't know online?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I smell scarecity here. I smell, "OOoh better be careful here. If I say something not
right, she might think this or that."
I got other girls to talk to.
Probably you got this ONE girl, you don't even know her that well and you're
worried if you got her nickers in a twist.
Move on man and create options.
She wants to sulk, let her sulk instead of trying to get in good terms with her.
I doubt you'll give a shit if you had 100 attractive girls right now, chatting with
you, pursuing you, and you're having fun.
If you didn't give a shit about her tits and ass, you think you be asking anyone
how to apologise. You'd know what to say but you are looking for this PERFECT
way to say it to impress her, to get on her good side.
If you really want to apologise then do but not to get in best term with her.
You apologise because it is your character and if she don't like your apology, well,
she can fuck oﬀ again.
You see how it is mate?
I can talk like that because I got options. Yes, most might say I am asshole,
whatever.
But girls test you out all time.
They get sulky over little things.
So if you want to apologise, do so not to impress her, to be on her good side, She
can take her good side and ram it up her ass. You're doing it because this is you,
this is your character and however she takes it, that's her problem.
Don't worry how she takes it. That maybe, just maybe, you might want
something. If she is that naive, that she don't know a guy wants something and
makes that a big deal, then again...she can piss oﬀ.
So don't look for perfection. Some well crafted apology.
Just say..honestly..
"Did I oﬀend you or something? If so, I apologise" if you don't know what she is
uipset about.
If you do, "Hey, I am sorry about what I say blah blah blah. My bad if it has
oﬀended and hurt you."
You'd say that to anyone. It's no big deal.
Don't make it one because if you do, she will walk all over you,
215 Views

My boyfriend loves to see me naked and is needy. Is that normal
if we're in a long-distance relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yea I can relate. Not on the nakedness but on the neediness. Had to break up with
a girl from Japan. She was so damn clingy did my head in. I'm busy with my work

and man, texting...texting...texting..phone...phone even when I'm working dead
my head in.
Then victim bs playing.
Had enough and just broke it oﬀ.
Can be very suﬀocating when someone is needy, very clingy.
So kind of understand.
Loving to see you naked is ok, nothing wrong with that but it was just the
clingyness that got to me.
It as a pity, she did have good traites, great personality and she has awesome
ﬁgure but even that wasn't enough.
Neediness can sure be a turn oﬀ.
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

I think this guy likes me, but I'm not quite sure. Is there any
signs in text messages that could make it more clear if he likes
me or not?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Texting is the worst, the worst when you're looking for signals about whether a
guy likes you or not. You won't believe how many girls I text and I am not into
them sexually or will ever date.
If i am into a girl, I am going to be direct, not subtle and that will help me scare
the ones who are not interested, and attract the one's who are.
Saves me a lot of time but if a guy isn't showing you clearly he's interested then he
fears rejection and won't, or he isn't into you.
I won't bother looking for signals because the moment you do, is the moment it is
going to dry out for both of you. First it be back and forth texting. Both of you
won't be clear with each other due to fear of rejection.
Then it will slowly die out.
Later he or you will probably get frustrated, bored and lose interest.
Then it dies.
So if you like him, give it a shot and if not, well...get ready some other girl who
does have conﬁdence to ask him out. Or seeing him date someone else.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

A guy likes my friend but she doesn't like him. What should she
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Has it he approached? Or is he just telling you, her friend he likes her?
If he hasn't then nothing but if he is approaching then she should tell him the
truth. Or if they are hanging out together already then best to get it out of the way
and tell him the truth.
Just say she's ﬂattered but she isn't interested in him in that way. Be direct, clear
and not give any hopes up.
593 Views

There is this girl whom I proposed to, but she rejected me. Still I
pursued her for three long years and yet nothing happened. We
haven't talked at all for a while recently and now she is taking
the initiative by texting me after a couple of months. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jan 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I got this friend. 4 years he fucking chased a woman. Pursued my ass. You
know what pursue means?
Pursue is when a guy approaches a woman and she wants him and so he is only
now leading to he date, solving the logistic problems, time, day, to meet and date.
Chasing is some chump who thinks like those Bollywood Movies, where some
skinny guy, with glasses chases a girl, tells her he loves her, always there, always
available and suddenly.....he transform into some BOLLYWOOD ROCKSTAR with
Pecks and she falls into his arm because he save the village.
This is fantasy. This is chasing. This is not pursuing.
Sure, it can happen, AFTER she has had her fun, dated other guys, scewed other
guys, and now....her biological clock is ticking.
Now she wants stability value.
Now she might say after years of paying for, giving her money, cars, chains,
whatever, that...
"OOoh darling, I want to date you and......marry."
Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh. Any guy falls for this doesn't realise, he has dictated the
frame, in how he will be dealt in that marriage. He will be walked all over. He will
forever know, she didn't choose him for love.
She chose him for stability.
That is, if she wants to one day marry the poor chump who has his head up his ass
with all this romantic nonsense.
You won't believe how my inbox is full of these stories and comments in other
answers I give which gets some people say...
"I am oﬀended by how you write. I am oﬀended how you reference women with
tits and ass. And blah blah blah.."
You want to be oﬀended, be oﬀended by this story. How so many guys lost their
self respect and balls over a woman...over tits and ass. Don't deny it. It is what it
is. Might as well say it as it is...
Yes....one of my friends, was chasing this girl for 4 damn years. Some chase for 10
years. Some even more.
Self respect gone out of the window.
4 years I tell you this guy chased her like a lost puppy.
I'm saying to my friend.
"Bruv, listen to me."
"But this is LOVE. I love her. Love will conquer all."
I'm like, "Bruv, if love conquers all, we'd have all these politicians jailed, plus the
banks and every bastard who creates some trouble to get us all ﬁghting each
other. Love my ass. This isn't love. This is obsession. This is ego."

"But, she is the one."
So I explain, I say to him..
"Listen man. There are four types of guys and I don't give a fuck how you and
society sees me when I say this to you. I have lived long enough to see the wheel
of life turn full cycle.."
"What you mean?" He asks..
"There are four types of men in this world when it comes to dating. The ﬁrst is a
man who is like this friend. Yes, he is a friend but really, he would love to screw
her. He is always available for. He is there always, spending his time with her,
trying to build comfort, trust in the hope she will one day see him as the guy to
love, date, maybe marriage, and sex. But I tell you, this guy does not get sex. Does
not get the date, Probably twice in his god damn years he lived on this planet.
But...he will spend his money on her, be there for her and in hope...HOPE..it will
happen."
"But I didn't buy her anything?"
"You DID. You bought her a ring, a gold chain. DAYAAAAAM! If I didn't stop you
buying the car for her, she be telling all her friends on how some chump got her
this gift. They'll all be laughing about it too!"
His face turns red. Never seen an India guy turn red in face. Thought he was
going to punch me one. I do talk sometimes with a tone that makes you feel I'm
from the Dark Side but this is reality. This is what it's like...
"Ok, I did buy her the stuﬀ," he lowers his head, "but I wasn't trying to buy the car
to impress her and her family?"
"Wake up bro. You wanted to run into your arms like you saved the day. Showing
aﬀection and all that."
I ask him to pour some more of the curry. Damn this guy can cook and he can
even do Nans and Chappties on the same cooker I got. I can't get them cooked
this damn good even with the chains of resturants here.
After I stuﬀed my face, trying to delay so I can eat some more of his delicious
food, I continued..
"The second type of guy is the platonic boyfriend. He is one up from a friend. He's
like the guy who is dating the girl but not dating the girl, because he doesn't get to
hold her hand. He doesn't get to kiss her. No bruv. He doesn't get sex either. He
might be one of those guys she decides to slot in her stables for the future. So if all
else fails...well, he can be that guy she marries but...he won't be the only choice."
The third is the lover type.
"I am a lover type" he says.
"Don't make me laugh bro. You are no lover. The lover type is a guy who
understands women. He is fun, he teases, he is conﬁdent but you don't see this
guy ever spending god damn 4 years on a woman who hasn't shown interest in
him. He won't spend an hour never mind a day. This guy gets dates, gets laid and
probably most of women want him and want to marry him because he's a
challenge. They want to ﬁx this guy. They want to date, get him and after a while
of being with this guy...well...they have had their fun. They have realised he
cannot be changed. They give up, move on.and look for the.."
"WHO?" He asks. "WHO?"
"Wait will you. These dishes of yours are too good."

"GOD DAMN YOU! Tell me who these women go for after they had fun?"
"Ok. Ok. Jeeesh. They have had their fun, their biological clock ticking, They have
dated, and now...they want a Provider. Now don't mistake provider as a guy who
has money ok. Women today work. But the lover type is a guy who cannot give
stability. The provider can be a guy who can also provide income stability but
note this isn't what I'm talking about. I am talking about stability and in stabiility,
most of these guys get sex dictated to them."
"How?"
"Well, they have shown they worship the ground she walks on. They have thrown
their self respect away. They have chased her and she has dictated many things so
far and now...she will dictate sex. See how some movies show a guy talking big at
the bar then wife calls and he's terrﬁed. Well, most of the providers are like that.
He might have got the girl but really he didn't. AND.....The lover type is not ready
for all this long-term relationship. The lover type still wants to have fun, date
more women, screw, whatever.
No, the women now go for the provider time. It has has come for her to ﬁnd
stability value. A guy who is safe. A guy who isn't as exciting as the lover type."
"But" he says, "can't it be that I can be this guy?"
"You don't get it. You could be waiting for 10-20 years for that to happen. You is
holding your whole life over one woman?!? You're whole life, your time, on this
earth is so damn short and you withering it away on a woman who doesn't give a
damn about you? You lose out when you wait.
Can you image, after let's say 10 years of chasing and she KNOWS you have
chased her like this - how she will behave with you when married? You will be
walked all over man. All over.
You put all your life to a stop for one woman. You want to wait for 10-20 years for
her to get her ass kicked in life, for her to see the reality of life and realise you are
the one who got a way? Forge it! She might choose from the abundance of
chumps who she has chasing to marry. Maybe she follows what he family says
and does so because she needs their resources and the guy's resources who isn't a
lover but can provide stability value. Yeah, after 20 years she ﬁnds fucking sense
and now she wants stability but this does not guarantee you is the guy she wants.
And if...if it does happen which is like a lottery, she will dictate sex. So many guys
who chased a woman, shown their lack of self respect might get the
girl..,MIGHT....but what they get is hell for years..."
But my friend wouldn't listen.
He watched her move to dating the platonic boyfriend.
The guy she doesn't hold hands with but he carries her bag, be there like an
emotional tampon, like a friend. like some bodyguard, a knight who does all sorts
but doesn't get a kiss, gets laid..nothing. She probably shared her dreams,
problems about parents, life and all that to this guy.
If he even tries for the kiss....she navigates to the cheek or not at all.
Then he saw her get so excited about this new guy.
The lover type. The one who doesn't give her time, is not so available, busy...being
busy...being a lover. She is chasing this guy with this thought..
'If I can change him, he be a GREAT HUSBAND. He is exciting, he can work in my
daddies company and he be awesome for sex. All the women I know will be jelous

because I got me a hunk of a man. It be exciting. An adventure. Like the
Bollywood movies."
Yes, it sounds good for her mundane, medicore boring life.
However, the illusion fades as she painfully realises through time, she cannot
change him, and her time is going. She is running out of time.
"I love you" she says.
"But girl, you know what I am like."
"But I love you with all my heart," she says
"I love you to baby BUT....I cannot settle down just yet."
"But why," she cries on his chest, "why?"
"Because....because...because..."
BECAUSE he seen some other girl he is now focusing on and ready for a new
adventure. This one has ran out. That's why and he's not going to marry this
girl...yet! He probably be a lover type until he is 50.
Maybe until he dies. Who knows.
Why would a lover who can get a girl, house, everything he wants PLUS sex,
whenever he wants to marry a girl? Huh?
He can get any girl he damn well pleases or at least someone he can have fun
with, adventure with. There are so many girls, women like this. Many believing in
Bollywood and the American fucking Romance Dream!
"Oooooh all guys are same."
Please. Women dream about this until their pussy is dripping. 50 shades of grey
sold more than the books that gave much mofr value and WOMEN mostly bought
these books. Don't BS me about this.
Romance novels sell more tha Porn on the Internet.
For pete sake. I'm into Marketing. You think I don't know what makes people
bloody tick. You think when I write I don't know what's going to hook them in.
I'd be hated for a while writing this shit but I know, this will be climbing up
because this hurts. This is what most guys go through. This is what most women
won't admit. This is the thing our parents CANNOT solve for is.
No one can but ourselves.
Yes my friends, she ﬁnished her degree, made many friends with guys who she
has slotted in a stable of other men like horses to maybe become platonic
boyfriends.
Don't blame her.
Don't judge her.
Don't say she's a bad girl.
Nah man. This is survival. This is human nature. She is doing nothing wrong
man. You cannot call this girls, women nothing. This is how it is.
No, don't do that. This only causes more to the problem. Fuels divisions instead
of understanding the problem.
So the time comes, she settles with a guy.

No. Not my friend. No he doesn't get the girl.
He doesn't ﬁght politicians, corrupt police oﬃcers, head of villages and everyone
starts dancing in the street as colours are thrown in the air/.
No, they don't walk together round circles or however the marriage goes.
This is real god damn life.
My friend doesn't get the girl.
She marries some guy who nowhere close as a lover but...he's nice.
He's a nice guy.
He's ok guy.
He hasn't got a six pack. He hasn't got muscles. He isn't tall and sparkling
handsome. He doesn't look like some Bollywood Star even though he tries to in
the worst possible manner.
He's just an ordinary guy. Boring. Yes, life, real life is BORING.
This is what many hide from. This is why they read romance novels, watch
Bollywood movies and watch Hollywood. This is why they watch modern
Vampire movies with Wearwolves of some girl who sulks all day.
You know, the TWILIGHT MOVIE SERIES!
Life is boring. Life, is painful. Life is mundane. Life can be medicore for the
women and so for all of us. All this is fantasy.
But now it is reality. From right up then to WHoooooooooooosh, to the bottom.
We should make a movie. Instead of Back to the Future. We can call it Back To
Reality.
With some Premise...
"A young boy realises there is no Time Machine and life Is Boring As Shit!"
No, she marries the boring guy but safe.
He's a guy who is going to be good for her and the children
He works in a 9-5 job
He has stability and right now, she needs stability.
4 years have past and I get a call..
"Hey bruv. How's England?"
"Doing great man."
"Erm, she...she got married."
And so ends the chase of 4 years but then he says..
"But I have HOPE. Maybe she might one day..."
Some will never learn.
No matter what.
They just never learn and no matter how much I say this to guys I know, I see the
same god damn cycle repeat itself.
I have seen this happen again and again from teenage years to present day as an
man. It will never stop. This is the way it is.

This is why Movies get sold.
This is why politicians are still up people'a asses. People never learn! They
complain all kinds of stuﬀ but they repeat the bs over and over again.
And what will happens is most guys and womans will say..
"Adam, you're oﬀ your rocker mate. You sexist bastard! You asshole. You jerk.
Noooooooooo. It doesn't happen that way..."
I smile and reply, "Do you cook?"
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

Do I tell this girl that's out of my league that I really like her or
do I just not tell her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, stop that! Stop this "she's out of my league."
Why is she out of your league? Because she got tits, ass, pussy and attractive? So
stop putting girls on a pedestal for starters because this is the reason why you're
here asking this question.
If you didn't give a shit about her being out of your league, and if you saw her as
nothing more than some girl, UGLY, real UGLY, you won't even worry to approach
her. You'd not be so intent and worried to seekvalidation, acceptance, to be liked.
That's what gets you messed up. It gets you to do things in such a dishonest way
and she then can't see who you really are.
If she doesn't like who you are, that's her damn problem. So don't approach girls
with this thinking. It's poison.
Sort your mindset out.
She's just a human being, a girl, ﬂesh and bones, with tits, ass, and really, you
need to ﬁrst ﬁnd out that she is MUCH MORE than this.
You know you like her but fear of rejection and putting her on some pedestal
above you is what's causing your anxiety.
So ﬁrst..you approach to ﬁnd out....
1. She is someone you'd want to date and hasn't got her head up her ass, and
being socially awkward and isnecure that all guys see her as nothiung but sex.
You don't want the hassle man. You want to ﬁnd out ﬁrst if she can talk,
communicate with you and you can get along with her.
You are choosing too, niot just her. You're not going to ask her out yet. You are
going to investigate if she is really a girl you want to day because goods looks are
really common and it's not enough if you want to have fun dating.
Know what you want, know the type of girl you want because this allows you to
converse in a way to see if she got what you want.
2. Don't approach to please. Girls sometimes test your frame and you don't bend
backwards to please. So if something annoys you, say it to her and let her know,
politely because then she knows later...if anything does happen with you, she
knows there are boundaries to not step over.
Know your values, know your boundaries and to hell with pleasing and
impressing a girl. This stage is very important. If you appriach like some walk
over, and if she dates you and she can walk all over you.

Human nature mate, whether guys or girls.
Make sure your mindset is solid on this because everything one can sort out is
from beginning. A guy who does not believe in his core values is a guy who is
putting pussy above who he is and then bitches all day here on hwo a girl did this,
did that and what should he do.
You see a lot of it on Quora and when they get an aswer its...
"OOoh but I love her."
I have no time answering question by such people. Love yourself ﬁrst. Above all
else and that's called self respect.
3. Approach by being fun, tease, ﬂirt to remove awkwardiness
Don't put girls on pedestal, be honest, show your true intent you're attracted to
her by saying..
"Excuse me, but I had to come over to say your cute (or attractive...now pause) but
good looks are so common. I like to ﬁnd out more about you. Hi, I'm (your name,
put your hand forward) Who are you?" SMILE.
Always use your smile when approaching. Be calm, relax and have fun. Don't take
it so serious in beginning and all that "she's out of my league."
4. If you see she has personality you can work with, you think, "yes, I can see
myself dating her, she has great personality, very friendly," then you suggest..
"Listen, I know a great place for drink (or walk, whatever). I'd like to continue this
conversation and get to know you."
If she shows response she like to, get her number.
Thent talk some more, keep it light hearted, not serious. Keep it fun and then
walk away.
The key is this..
Don't put any girl/woman on a pedestal. Never do that. They just like you and me.
Human beings. She has don't jack shit for you to even put her that high.
So have some self respect.
And do not approach so serious. You are approaching in a fun way, tease, ﬂirt,
converse and in a mindset to ﬁrst.....see....if she's the type of girl you'd want to
date. Her looks is just tits and ass. It means nothing.
That's just attraction.
You want to know you can click with her because if you do and if she does with
you, it be so much fun dating together.
But you got to stop thinking anyone is out of your league.
You might as well not bother approaching any girl if that is the case. You're
already shooting yourself in the foot.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

My "friend with beneﬁts" guy has greatly reduced texting after
we ﬁnally had sex. He used to text all day when chasing me.
What happened?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think what is happening here is some misunderstanding in regards to where this
fuckbuddy is leading to.
You're looking for fuckbuddy but also a friend. Since you are not getting that, you
might feel used. You shouldn't be. This is a fuckbuddy and reality is, that's how it
is with fuckbuddy except if you both of you really want friendship too.
It does not look like it to me.
He is eager texting and all that but when sex is done, he's gone, probably dating
someone else. There is no attachement in fuckbuddies and there needed to be
some boundaries so you know where you really stand.
I do have fuckbuddies in which there is no dating.
Now if you want something else, then I'd suggest not to look for fuckbuddies
relationship. One thing I really detest is when a woman doesn't get called by me,
texted or we don't date at all...she thinks I'm using her.
We're using each other to feed our sexual desires. This is what we want. SEX.
That is why I ensure boundaries are there and we agree on them before we go
further.
If you feel fuckbuddy relationship isn't for you and you need more, then a
diﬀerent type of relationship is best for you. Maybe dating, getting to know a guy,
relationship, sexual but intimacy too kind of thing.
15.1k Views · View Upvoters

How should I act with a guy who keeps ignoring me, then he
shows up again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 6, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's the guy who thinks he knows shit about girls but really, he's terriﬁed. It looks
like to me there has been no direct true show of intent from both side. Also, there
is far too much messing around here. No certainty.
I would say to move on but if you want to ﬁnd out for sure...
Mistake most make is they ﬂirt far too much when this should only be a
beginning intial case for showing conﬁdence, reduce awkwardiness and then
asking the girl out which hasn't been done here.
But I feel something else is going on here and I can't assume. So if you want to
kind of ﬁnd out for sure and just close the door once and for all to move on....you
know, have closure...
So, you need to then make it very clear to this guy.
1. Be clear with him and say, you're going to blah blah and let's meet up for
coﬀee. See his response. Get it down, go for the balls ;) Time to show his true
intent and colour. I do this all time with girls too.
I go straight in, no messing around, and if she doesn't take action, if she isn't
responsive, bye, bye. No messing around because I know what I want.
2. If he responds....focus now on the goal to meet, date. See his responds now. If
he is messing you around, he won't get past the ﬁrst step, never mind this step.
3. Don't give him time, energy, attention if he is not taking action. So after you've
done step one, and he doesn't take action, ﬂakes, whatever, no more chances.
Move on. Slam that door closed or...slam his balls hard :P
That way you know where he is at.

If all he sees is a friend. If all it is, is him using you to get over some breakup or he
just sees you as someone to talk to for a bit and that is it.
15.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Sarah Jones

I work with a woman I like. Asked her out, she said no. Went out
with another and NOW she's interested. Why can't I stop
thinking about my coworker?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One word. Preselection.
It is one of the most powerful regarding attraction. When a woman sees other
attractive women pursuing you, your value increases in their eyes.
So one moment they don't give a shit about you.
Next time, they see you being pursued or dating someone attractive than they are
and walla. Suddenly they want to compete and now they're interested.
It's like the night I walked into this large bar and I asked this waitress out. She
outright said she isn't interested blah blah blah and so I thought, "no problem.
Moving on."
A couple of days later I approach a woman.
Tall young blonde that made guys head turn and even the women.
Awesome woman she was.
Yes, she had great ass and tits but if that is all she had, I probably would have not
bothered to follow through later on - but there was something diﬀerent about her.
The moment I talked to her, she captivated me by her passion for life. She wasn't
socially awkward. She was bubbly, zest for life and just loved to talk. She didn't
judge me for being conﬁdent and for saying she's attractive.
I later discovered how kind she was. I found out from her friend that every
sunday she would visit a nursing home and take her guitar and sing for the elders.
None of them were relatives of hers.
She just felt she wanted to give something back and she missed her grandma and
so, this was a way to live the memory of her grandma.
"So you see," said her friend, "I hope you won't mess my friend around."
"As long she doesn't" I replied.
When she came back from the toilet, I thought about what she does for people. I
thought..
"She is not just tits and ass. She's not insecure about her beauty either. Man I am
sick and tired of women who are. This woman right here is conﬁdent, kind,
compassionate, loving and gives. I want to really ﬁnd out more about her."
The ﬁrst place we went to was this bar and that's when the waitress, the same one
who didn't give a damn about...saw us.
Now here's what changed afterwards...
A week later I walk in to bar on my own and what do you know.....
The waitress, the same one, who didn't want to know walks right up to me,
smiling away and says..

"Hey, I missed you."
"You did?"
"Yes, where have you been."
"Busy. That's all." I replied.
"Look, can I talk to you back in garden?"
So we went to back of the garden of the bar and she tells me how she couldn't stop
thinking about me. How she regrets saying no and on and on it went.
Now don't get me wrong.
She was attractive, tits and ass too. I mean what an ass and she does turn guys
heads round.
But I said..
"I'm sorry but I am dating someone now and I like her too."
Preselection. It's a bitch sometimes.
What to do?
Ignore her. She had her chance. Nothing more but her trying to compete. Treat
the girl you are with, with respect and be good to her.
This one is playing you.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why are some people in Quora still steadfast in their opinions
even if you already gave them resources (nicely and politely)
against their opinions?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

EGO = Everyone Got One
When ego is in play, you can show evidence, resources, links, and all the facts you
can muster. Still, they will say, no and come up with something else.
That's someone's beliefs, ideas, perception, reality and debating to convince
them, well, is going to be heavy. Probably a waste of time too.
You'll know by how they respond to you and the way they respond will reveal how
it's going to go down.
But let us look what EGO also stands for..
Eyes Glazing Over = not bother to read the resources on purpose as the person
doesn't give a shit anyway. This is their perception they had for years. How dare
you say they wrong ;)
Elite Gaming Online = This isn't about being right but an attack of their own
world, perception, reality and so they are now at war with you until you tire
yourself.
Exhausted Grove Orchestra = sharing diﬀerent opinions which are irrelevant to
the resources you have given just to piss you oﬀ.
Expected Global Optimization = Trolling for the sake of nothing more but to get
attention from the global community.
;)
474 Views · View Upvoters

Is a girl's ﬁnancial status an issue for guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. Every guy is diﬀerent so we can't generalise. I personally
don't give a damn if the woman is making millions a year or just £50 a week.
All I care about is this....
1. She is sexually attractive to me but that won't be enough.
2. She smiles, kind and bubbly personality, and not socially awkard.
3. She has a purpose in her life, you know some interest she wants to achieve.
Whatever it is, no matter how small or big. If she's arty, plays music, or sings,
paints...gold for me! ;)
Even if she hasn't made it yet, haven't a job, or whatever but she is striving
towards her passion. That for me is hot damn sexy!
4. She has high sexual drive.
I don't see money in there. Nop, nowhere in there.
5.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that guys have a harder time getting a girlfriend than
girls have getting a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'd be honest, I haven't seen this diﬀerence. Probably because I am doing the
approaching myself, and getting dates too. So I'm very conﬁdent and haven't this
idea in my head that it is easier for women.
I personally think I got advantage on women big time ;)
Think about it for a moment.
1. Women have this stigma of approaching guys due to way society sees it.
2. It is rare to have a woman approaching the guy with all labelling, insecurity,
social conditioning going on.
3. But I got another advantage. The many guys who are not conﬁdent.
So I think to myself this.
"I can approach any woman right now, anyone it doesn't matter if I get rejected. I
don't give a shit. I have more chance than these women for dating bexause I am
approaching other women. They are not going to be as proactive as I am. So I am
really the chooser here! And woman saying no to me is fantastic! I can move to
next and next until I get a yes. Also, the guys who are not conﬁdent anyway, leave
it wide open for me to approach. I got it made!"
Guess what?
I seriously have. Man, do I have it made in a world full of fear.
The fun I am having. I have never thought, I'd have this much fun, excitement,
and just wow, in london.
But seriously, most people are scared.
For a guy who is scared a little but fearless....it is his world! For a guy who knows
rejection is part of life and reall a ﬁlter system for him to move on faster to

approach someone else - it is paradise.
So, I don't think "woman got it easier."
Nah. I know I'll be doing more approaching than they will and also more than the
guy who isn't conﬁdent.
So life is awesome.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why isn't my boyfriend willingly telling people we're a couple?
More details in comments.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guys are diﬀerent. Most of us anyway, don't go oﬀ telling people who we are
dating. The way we do it is we get you to meet our friends.
You know, it's visual.
Thats how our friends know...you is the girlfriend. In fact, even now, as an adult, I
have ever said ti someone..
"She's my gilfriend."
I never needed to. Just people know who I am dating.
If he's shy too, well, it be much worse. He won't say a thing. He be so shy to even
introduce you even if you are there with his mates.
If he's new to dating, young, he won't know what to say, how to say it. He be
complete clueless. We guys, at young age especially are so damn clueless you
won't believe. We look back years later and wonder who the hell was that guy.
Yes it was us but we're like...
"DAAAAYUUUUM! That was me. Holy shit. Why was I so damn clumsy back
then? Why didn't I say this to her? Why didn't I kiss her then? Why didn't I do this
and that, and this? If only I knew what I know today!"
You know the obvious things that will be so obvious to ypi, can be so damn
oblivious to us guys. The best thing to do is this....
Communicate with him.
The amount of time girls just don't communicate their fears, or ask, talk and be
open is just damn crazy. They'd talk to friends about it. They'd ask questions on
Quora and Yahoo. They'd ask someone else who met their boyfriend but they
won't ask their boyfriend.
Forget asking someone else but ask him calmly and nicely.
That's what you need to do more oﬀ. Talk with him and ask him why instead of
assuming anything. Ask him why he doesn't feel the same.
178 Views · View Upvoters

I met a girl at a concert and got her number. We were texting
nonstop all week but now isn't replying. Was I wrong to think
she was interested?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You was texting all week. Right? ALL WEEK....non stop.

Texting is low investment. You don't text back and forth all week. You use this
tool to lead to the date. You don't say you will ask her out on a date. You don't say,
you want to take her out on on a date.
You had all week to ask her out...
"Hey, there's a place called blah bla and has awesome reviews for (whatever). I'm
heading there on wednesday or thursday. Let's meet up one of these days and check
it out.."
Did you text her this or did you text back and forth with small talk?
If not, she probably got bored waiting for you to lead or she only gave you her
number, for nothing else but attention, ego, seeing a guy chase and that's it.
However, you'll never know until you seriously qualify her.
You do that by asking her out and not telling her you're going to ask her out on a
date. I don't even mention date as it's too serious and get them going haywire in
their head with some knee jerk reaction.
So, did you ask her out speciﬁcally, with place, date and time?
Give some more details. Did you ask her out speciﬁcally like I mentioned above?
4k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to deal with being publicly teased for being
a geek?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Woman - You're such a geek
Me - Yes I know, I'm fucking sexy
Woman - I said geek
Me - Yes, I am slick, sexy and with this ass, hot..hot..hot ;)
Woman - You're crazy
Me - You want to rip my clothes oﬀt? Screw me? OMG. You got such a dirty mind.
You women all a like. Dirty minds. After smart guys like us.
Woman - No! No! I said..
Me - I know, I know. You want to be me but look, I'm into smart women, and
having tits and you do have awesome tits but it's not good enough. She needs to
wear glasses too and you don't have any. So I have to decline your oﬀer
Woman - I didn't even..
Me - Yes, I know, rejection is so hard but don't worry, you'll ﬁnd someone
Woman - Adam!
Me - You even love my name. Jeesh. Have to go. I just don't like clingy women.
(it's not what happens to you but how you react. Turn whatever into a god damn
crazy joke, exahherate to the max and you'll ﬁnd what I do. They never say it
again to you. They'd probably avoid you which by the way, works real good for
me. So have fu with it. Say anything and you'll be laughing as I do when I do this)
129 Views

I asked a girl out for coﬀee this coming Sunday. She had some
work, so she agreed to meet the following weekend. The

Saturday before, I texted her to remind her of the date and
suggest a place, but she cancelled giving a family reason. How
should I react to this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Welcome to the world of....ﬂakes. Girls who waste your sweet time. Who are not
really interested but give their numbers for ego boost, for guys to chase them and
probably to feel that "the knight is chasing" bs.
She's a ﬂake mate.
Create options. Never focus on one girl because if your an a business this way,
you'll be screwed. Fill your pipe line with lots of girls numbers and give priority to
only the ones who keep their word and who apologise and who make amends.
Personally, once a woman does that ONCE, I am already landing a date
somewhere else. If she apologises without me calling her, ﬁne but even then that
doesn't stop me approaching lots of women, getting numbers and ﬁlter the time
wasters out until I get to one who I see a priority and we date.
Then I let the rest go.
So be smart. You won't be frustrated about this and nor will you even bother
askiong about this, if you have yourself lots of numbers of girls.
Create options and you'll have far much fun and success.
706 Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to initiate a conversation with an
attractive girl?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Jan 17, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a word called Congruency.
Being in harmony to what you desire and showing the intent in your behavior,
and words you say.
It's important because framing is a key from the start.
What you don't want to do is hide your intent because in doing so, you're already
attaching yourself to an outcome. You're seeking validation, acceptance, a
response rather than you communicating your desire clearly.
You don't want to do what most guys do, due to the fear of rejection and who
attach themselves to an outcome. You want to approach sincerely from the start
and whether she is going to say, yes or no is neither here or there.
Why?
You don't know her.
You have only seen tits, ass and a curves of her body and yes, no matter what
most like you to believe, men are attracted to visual ﬁrst. But that is only
perceived value and what a guy with self worth wants to know is..
1. Is she type of woman he'd want to date anyway
2. What her personality is like
3. Converse to also ﬁnd out her values just a little. You might ﬁnd something of a
red ﬂag. If it is a deal breaker, notice it, embrace it and do not ignore it.
So you are not approaching to impress her.

You are approaching to see if she qualiﬁes for you to.........ask her out.
See the diﬀerence now?
You need to know before then, on the type of woman you want and let that be
your guide to ﬂirt, tease, and converse.
But on best way to initiate....there is none.
You just got to keep trying and not look to do things in a perfect way and just talk.
The problem won't be about what to say. The problem is you're attaching yourself
to a validation...a response.
Your mind has so much information to share but because you're probably lack
self conﬁdence, you ﬁnd yourself unable to be yourself around women, you're
behavior probably not masculine but too nice, politely and too focused on what
to say than just conversing to get to know the women you meet.
You're far too much in your head.
Thinking far too much of the bigger picture.
Than focusing on connecting ﬁrst.
When you're not ﬁlled in your head with this romantic notion most have,
especially most women, due to Hollywood....romance novels on the "one" and
how they want a guy to be platonoc and romantic blah blah....you'll just talk.
You'll just go and do it.
When you're not worried about about how you look, how you're not attractive to
women then the camera's are not focused on you,
Rather outwards to the world you see.
The pressure is oﬀ.
Instead of impressing you're learning. When you learn you will stretch, push
boundaries to grow and unafraid of doing so.
Now the focus is not on impressing the woman but to gourge information from
her, to converse, to see who she is for real and if...she qualiﬁes for your attention
later on. If she qualiﬁes for you to go further with her.
If she doesn't....you WILL walk away.
You've escaped from the illusion most have and the lies, self denial and
insecurities many carry with them to make something perfect.
Or the insecurities at how others look at them and how they want people to see
them for what they are.
You see many men fuck themselves over with.
- Oh I'm not attractive
- I'm ugly
- Women don't see me as attractive
Than looking at the real issue here. Themselves. Their own lack of experience.
Most haven't spent time being MEN. They have not deveoloped themselves from
the inside,. They have poor social skills and anxiety problems.
All of which is based on wearing a social mask.
Personally, see the world for what it is and not what we desire it to be.

It's not perfect, so why look for the best and perfection when you haven't
approached over 400 women to just converse?
When you have not learnt to be a man?
When you haven't yet gained the basics and foundation of social skills and of just
going out there to talk to many people to relax and be yourself?
Best for some guy like me will be diﬀerent for you and anyone else.
If I were to get guys to follow what I do, they'd crumble in a matter of seconds.
Much of what I've learnt and experienced too years and it took me to develop
myself from the inside and years of approaching women.
Years of studying about psychology, inﬂuence, society and how society have been
socially conditioned to many other aspects of knowledge regarding where we are
as human being regarding sex and how we see the world.
Everyone is in a diﬀerent place. Everyone is in a diﬀerent universe.
Personally - when I see a woman I am attracted to....I will approach and say..
"Excuse me (pause and eye contact, smile). I know this is a bit forward but I had
to come over to say you're very attractive (pause). But good looks are so
common and I like to ﬁnd out more about you. (pause, smile).
Let her respond.
Then immediately transition to conversation. Don't go for the number as yet.
Depending on the logistics (the place, the friends she's with, other things), if you
can ﬁrst converse more, better.
One thing to to avoid is being so serious.
Stay light hearted, stay away from telling your life story that most so called nice
guys do. This is attraction stage not comfort stage. You can build comfort much
later when you're on phone and when you meet.
Keep this light hearted and don't put all out on a plate about you. Be fun, light
hearted and relax. Nothing to do to impress because when you leave she will need
to feel there is a need to want to know more about you.
That is what you must leave her.
The desire to want to ﬁnd out more about you. The hunger to want to call or pick
up the phone and meet you again.
So it all depends on your conﬁdence, the logistic of things, the woman you're
talking to, and the experience you have.
You cannot do the BEST if you are at zero. If you haven't approached women
because the vibe you will give no matter how good your words are will be so way
oﬀ.
For now, just keep it simple and ﬁnd your own way.
That is what many men who are good with women, approaching women,
socialising with women have done. They have learnt from doing because doing
has a lot to do with insight and becomes self aware.
They have pushed the boundaries rather than approaching women in their social
circle. That's far too easy and really, the learning is very slow.
You will later discover most of the dating advise are complete bollocks and also,
most of what women say they want and do is very diﬀerent.

However, don't get frustrated. Just keep going to learn, to grow, to understand
yourself and women too.
The best way to intiate is the one...that works...for you.
That takes you to honestly go out and approach and make some changes within
you. From appearances, to mindset, social skills and experience. From knowledge
about women psychology and other skills.
So forget asking someone else and just approach because you can have the best
way but if you conﬁdence....self image....experience....social skills and self
awareness is low.....then you'll screw up many a times ﬁrst.
You'll have to ﬁrst get past the learning curve ﬁrst.
You'll have to go through some shit ﬁrst.
You'll have to go through many rejections ﬁrst to learn about you and to get better
at what you do - and - to never stop until you do.
To never come back here or anywhere like some guys and say..
"OOoh women don't like me. They are not attracted to me."
Stop that. MEN learn. Men go out and ﬁgure it out. They don't act like victims
bitch all day and in their head.
They venture out in the world and...ﬁgure out.
They....HUNT and become masters of it.
Yes, the choice of words may sound a bit crude but that is what it is.
I'm not painting it into some roses.
This is what boys needed to hear when they were young and learnt when they are
young but we never did. We had to ﬁgure it out ourselves.
It is hard because of the BS in our head and in society. Not knowing what really is
true and works.
So what I did is not rely on anyone. I went out to ﬁgure it out. To do, to learn, to
understand, to make many a mistakes and to reﬁne and get better at it.
You will have to do the same.
There is not one book that really does it.
Books, articles just give you information but..
95% can be taught but to make sense of it all, it needs the 5%.
The 5% is where the guts, balls is because you got to go out and do it. That's where
the really learning begins.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

When attempting to court a woman, should a man try to be
friends ﬁrst, or date her straight up?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Six years ago this happened. Comes from my logs reports. I love writing the
journal called black book as I learn a lot. Much though starts with failurs to later
what I've learnt. This one though is relevant to your answer...
I haven't seen my friend for sometime and we're going to a business conference
in two weeks. He's been busy and so have I working on my future business..

Before the meeting at the Conference - two weeks before - I was at the bar getting
a drink at Tootin in London.
I see an attractive women. Something diﬀerent about her though. The way she
dressed. Very stylish, kind of out there. I'm an artist so I like seeing things
diﬀerent, loud, stylish and was intrigued more about her style than he looks.
She caught my attention so I approached...
Me - Excuse me, but I couldn't help but walk over because you're dress is
awesome. It's very diﬀerent to anything I've seen a woman wear including your
hat. Where did you get them from?
Her - Thank you (she smiles). I made them myself. I'm a fashion designer.
Me - So you draw naked men and women huh? (I wink)
Her - Haha. Yes, sometime but mostly for clothes, hates and shoes.
Me - I see. Hi, My name is Adam (shake her hand and holding it for a while)
Her - I'm Emma (not her real name)
Me - Look, it's a bit loud here. I hear the garden this place has is wonderful and
quiet to talk. Let's go.
I take her hand againand just lead the way, like it's most natural thing..
Her - But what about my friends?
Me - Where are they?
Her - There (pointing to them)
Me - I still have her hand, walk over to her mates and say..
So you're the great friends she's been talking about. Hi, my name is Adam and we're
going to garden as it's a bit quieter.
(They say they'll be there very soon.)
After talking in the garden, we talk and we make out, kiss and kiss some more, got
her number. We talked some more and then her friends came over and got to
know them.
I had to leave as I was meeting some friends at another bar.
However, next day, we meet and we start to date.
Two weeks go by fast and business conference comes up. Emma comes along
with me. She's interested about a business of her own so we go together.
We get to the hall and my friend is there and as I tap him on the shoulder, he
turns round and ...KABOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Something happened.
I have a feeling. I know my friend well. His expression and vibe.
I later take him aside after the conference talk is ﬁnished as she checks some
books out.
Him - It's her!
Me - Who?
Him - The girl I have been texting for like 6 months and sending emails back and
forth.

Me - Emma? She's my girlfriend
Him - What?
Me - Yeah, I met her two weeks ago at a bar.
He was gutted. All that time he spent with talking with her, texting, emailing and
even face to face skype. They even swopped photos of each other.
He never initiated the approach but thought to ﬁrst be a friend.
Later, after the conference, my friend left and I am with Emma and she says..
Her - I didn't know you know Dave
Me - Yeah, he's a good friend of mine. But here's what you don't know...
Her - What?
Me - I got the Jacuzzi delivered and ﬁxed at home?
Her - OMG! I didn't believe you'd get one. (her face lights up)
Me - We're going to try it tonight.
Her - But I haven't got any..
Me - I got it covered. You can wear my Shirt afterwards. No need to go home. Race
you to the car!
So you can try to be friends ﬁrst but somewhere, someone is already approaching
and isn't waiting for the right time.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend made a lot of male friends through a dating
website. She talks with them in a ﬂirty way. Am I right to be
concerned? (See comments)
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She can do that and you know why she can continue to do it?
Because she knows one thing that has been clear to her since doing it. She knows
you won't have the balls to walk away.
Let's face it mate.
If a guy is really serious about his core values, really want a girl that doesn't do
that, he isn't going to spend time changing her.
He's going to do what I do.
Communicate the boundaries and I won't give a damn about her optiions on how
it's over analysing and all that. If she doesn't agree and if she thinks she can do
this with me...I walk.
She can go and do that on her own.
Sometimes mate, there are girls and guys who have dated other people who do
not sort out boundaries. Something happens, a red ﬂag appears but they do not
stand up to what they believe.
No, instead it be like..
"Oh, you're over thinking this." Or "you're just jelous."
Then the other person just stays there and that is enough to show the person isn't
that serious about what he or she believes.

She is testing your frame.
She is disrespecting you all out in open.
She is playing you and right in your face. And she is also blaming you for it,
saying you are just over thinking and that it is ALRIGHT for her to do this shit.
So you need to then decide because from what I am seeing, of your essay, that it
bothers you. It bothers you to write a long detailed comment and asking everyone
here about it.
Now you decide, what you want in a woman.
Is this the type of woman you want?
If not, walk. Find your balls and walk. Break it oﬀ.
But if this is the type of going ons you can take, well stay but understand
something here mate. If a girl thinks this is nothing, if this ﬂirting is nothing,
then she will not hesitate when an opportunity does arise for her to open her legs
and screw the guy.
Life has given you warnings.
This has probably been shown in her character in the begining and it has bugged
you. You probably said something about it before and she tells you, you're over
thinking and you just stayed put.
She has then tested you out, pushed to see how far she can go and she can see she
can go very far and do whatever.
And you staying, you not walking away, you not breaking it oﬀ and going your
own way is the signal, she CAN do this again and again.
In a blunt way..
She doesn't give a shit about what you think. She doesn't give a damn about how
you feel about this. She doesn't care or respects you anyway.
Now, what do you want?
You know the deal here. You see it happening in your face AND you have seen it
will continue. This is a girl who wants attention, seeking validation, for her ego
and this is dangerous because it will lead to situations.
We create our own situations and then we say, "OOh it just happened."
We have a CHOICE.
She has a choice to listen and see how it hurts you and stop doing it. You have a
choice that if she still carries on.....you break it up, walk and stand by what you're
core values say to you.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

5 Days trip with a girl, still not sure if she is interested or not,
Am i friend Zoned? I never Asked though !!
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two months. Yes, two months my friend waited.
Two months hearing his BS..
"OOoh, it's diﬀerent you see."
"I might lose her friend. I might."

"It might turn out awkward."
"We have this special thing together."
Jeesh. This guy got it so bad he can't see he had his head up his ass.
Two months and suddenly, what he hated to happen, HAPPENED.
We're walking in City Centre and there she was..
Kissing this guy. I mean literally all over him.
I don't mean just kissing. I mean hands on her ass, and she's laughing, and all
over this guy.
My friend just stood there. Frozen and watching from a far.
I nudged him and said..
"So you was saying about losing what you have? Huh? You got something...special."
"Man, you're evil. You hit me when I'm down!"
"You was down long ago. Kissing the ﬂoor she walked on. You mate didn't have the
balls. Putting her on a Pedestal."
The only time she ever contacted him was to use him for a Tampon.
Yes, Tampon. Telling him about her worries, problems, life, and probably how the
guy she's with is screwing her in every damn position. Who knows.
He went on trips with her. He walked with her. Probably carrying her bag too. He
did all these stuﬀ but then she went back screwing the other guy.
I call this dishonesty.
Wearing a mask, being with a girl you want to date and screw her brains out. Oh
please. Anyone tells me another of the god damn "Ooh I don't look for sex, I want
a serious relationship" needs to walk to a wall and bang their head on it a few
times.
Be honest! I see a woman attractive and of course, ﬁrst thing I see is ass, titts,
curves. Of course I am sexually attracted to her and of course I am going to
approach to ask her out.
Of course I am going to check her personality and all that but attraction, the
visual gets my attention but personality, values, passion for something in life
keeps me hooked.
Now if she wants me to see her UGLY then I will say, "OK then. You is UGLY! I am
approaching you because you're UGLY. Yes, UGLY! You're tits are tiny. Your ass is
non existent. You're UGLY! SO OK...let's then see your personality."
Hell, I'll be slapped across face because now I called her UGLY!
You can't win. Damned if you do. Damned if you don't, right?
No, damned if you give a fuck about all this BS and just go and approach the girl
and don't give a shit what she thinks of you. If she thinks you're into sex, if she
thinks you're just for the tits then she probably insecure as hell to even kiss on the
ﬁrst damn bloody date.
But I didn't say to my friend about all this and bigger picture.
Akll I said is, "Approach damn you. You see me approaching women everytime
when you're with me. You see me get rejections. You also see me get a number. You

also see me number waste of time. You also see me grabbing a girls ass and you learn
I'm dating someone else. You want it. Approach..."
One thing I won't do - is be friends with a woman when I know I am attracted to
her. I'm going to ask her out!
Because it's dishonest, it's a lie, this relationship of "friend" is a lie. Everything is
done to get close to her under a lie.
So back to my mate who was in self denail like most chumps who have no balls to
admit to girls they are attracted to the girls, and just ask them out.
Everytime she called he would run to his phone.
Yes, pick it fast, leave everything to talk to her.
Then months later, she isn't dating the guy anymore and so he tries to make his
move but.......he waited again!
Man this guys never learnt his lesson.
It's like the guys who come on here and say..
"She treats me like shit. She has guys grabbing her ass. She tells me I cannot see
any friends. She says I must let her check my bank account and give her all the
bank details. What should I do."
Then when you advise, they replie, "EDIT...but I can't break up with her and move
on...because I love....her."
Denail! The real reason is fear. Fear of the unknown. Fear that this as good as it
gets. No damn balls whatsoever.
Never do they learn their lesson until they have their bank account emptied, their
life turned upside and she is fucking his friend right in front of his face.
Some got to learn hard way and some, even when this happens, still say...
"Waaaaah. Waaaah. But I love her... can I get her back?"
Well my friend didn't learn his lesson.
She dates someone else.
This continue to repeat until he had enough and so he walks up to her and tells
her how he feels like a chump.
Yes, love, and all that BS.
You know the Hollywood BS. The BS in romance novels and the BS most women
say they want...
You know, the stuﬀ attractive women say..
"Oh men look only at my beauty, my breasts. I want a man who sees me, and we can
have a romantic, platonic relationship."
Then you go and do what these women say and they do what?
She never picks up phone for you...EVER.
You don't believe me? Go ahead. Go and approach a woman and then talk to her
about your life. Tell her her about your passion. In fact, go and tell her some sad
stories of how you struggled to the top.
Go ahead.,

I promise you, you will never hear from her again. What women say and what
they do is diﬀerent. They say all sorts here but when the real deal happens, oh no.
They want romance, adventure, excitement and their blood going nuts.
It doesn't happen like the movies, hollywood, and what most women say they
want. It goes like this...
She looked a him and says...
"Awwww. Thank you BUT..."
Wait for it now. DRUM ROLL!!!!
"I see you as BROTHER. You've always been there for me. I don't see you that way
and never have. Let's stay as friend."
And that was the end of that.
That's what happens to....platonic/romance.
He could have got to this place much faster. Yes, she may even say no but at least,
he didn't have to waste so much time and could move on to someone else.
Find your balls mate.
I don't want to hear your logic or excuses.
Find your balls and approach and get it done.
I rather get rejected and for a woman to dissappear from my life than not know. I
rather she judges me as some asshole, some guy into her tits, ass and says no, and
cannot see inside me - and if she wants to be awkward later, good riddance.
I rather not be that guy orbiting around a woman for months on end like some
sad puppy with puppy love eyes.
Not like I can't make tons of friends anyway.
Not like planet isn't full of beautiful women who don't see their beauty as some
curse. Not like some women out there won't say no to a MAN who doesn't hide
himself of being a MAN.
Plenty of woman mate, plenty if one says no for whatever reason.
Now approach and stop dancing the chatterbox bs in your head.
186 Views · View Upvoters

If I decide to take a break in our relationship with my girl, does
that still make me her boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two ways of doing this. The ﬁrst is the way is when you're sincere and
just really want a break. The second approach is when someone playing games
and prolonging the inevitable.
The ﬁrst approach.
You don't say you want space, and instead you sit down and calmly communicate
with your girlfriend. You say why you want time i.e. "I want time for myself" or
"time to focus on my studies for last exam."
Then you mention the duration i.e. "one month, two months, etc."
Finally, how you will stay in touch.

Now, if she's ok with it great but if she's not then both need to decide where to
from there. It is ok to have a breather from relationship. Nothing wrong with it.
We all need to re-energise our batteries but honesty, transparency and
communication is needed here.
The second approch
You dissappear. You don't communicate. Or you do but really it's not sincere. The
guy or girl wants to spend time dating other people, sex, and all that. Or is getting
ready for the breakup.
If that is so, it is best to break up right now, and communicate you are moving on.
To not prolong this with games as it's not fair on other person. That's their life,
time too and one needs to be honest and open.
So decide why you really want to have time for yourself.
Then immediately approach your girlfriend with sincerity face to face.
Remember, this is someone you care about, and who cares about you. So be
honest, be open, communicate...communicate...communicate. Find the best way
and words to commnicate without hiding anything.
Whether it still makes you her boyfriend, we can't answer that.
That's for her to decide not us.
541 Views · View Upvoters

Do girls like to be ignored by guys?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't do that mate. That's what's called playing games. Some would but then
again, would you like to be running around wasting time on patting someone's
ego.
A guy who knows what he wants, goes for what he wants, doesn't play subtle
games even if some, not all, but some play these dumb games.
A guy of self worth and self respect will just approach a girl, ﬂirt, tease, converse
to lessen the awkwardiness and asks her out.
It won't matter for him if girls like a guy who ignores them, he's not looking for
girls who fall for that BS.
You dictate the pursuing, be the chooser.
Approach, if no, move on.
Games only frustrate, prolong, and all about some dumb subtle messages which
by the way, are done by people who fear rejection, who are insecure, and who
don't get life is pretty damn short.
Forget all these ignoring tactics because most do these things also for..
- To get attention and not all else
- To feel important
- To feel attractive
- To have guys chase but nothing else
The only way of knowing girl is interested is you approach. Don't do any subtle
messaging stuﬀ but also be direct in a fun, not so serious and respectable
manner.

Know what you want, be conﬁdent and approach.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Giorgiana Budeanu

Should I give up on this relationship? Background: she is
currently married and it seems to me that for her marriage is
not so morally binding
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You hear it all the time...
"Because he treats her bad."
"Because it's morally not binded."
"Because her husband is an asshole."
"Because...because.."
When all of these are nothing more than a guy rationalising to cover his own
guilt, knowing she was married from day one, and yet still proceeeded instead of
leaving it all alone.
To hear "I'm married."
Should have been enough for you to back away but you didn't.
She probably told you lots of sad stories and all that and you fell for it. The deal is,
they are married, legally, binding. Done.
So when her husband is back then watch how it all suddenly turns out in which
she meets him, he talks, they get together and then you're not in the picture.
Think about it for a moment...
A woman, knowing she's married and yet is still playing with you while her
husband is abroad. So she can do same with you even if you're not abroad. If she
can't even respect her marriage, what makes you think she will respect you?
This for her is excitement, romance, fun, for a little while to help her forget the
absence of her man, lonliness but when he's back in the picture - listen how all
the excuses come ﬂooding in with...
"OOh I don't know now."
"But he's back and I like to make a go of it..."
"Let's be friends."
This is a rollercoaster and they all have to one day come down, slow down, stop
and you get oﬀ to walk away.
Walk away now before you get deep into this mess.
548 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

He asked me out but wasn't ready. Will he ask me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy. Rejection can be hard on some guys. Personally, when I ask a
girl out and she says no, I move on because of my own mindset on how see things
in regards to life especially dating.
For example, you need to appreciate from a guys point of view who has
approached many girls/women. Being messed around, having been there in past

where girl says she's not interested, the rejection, waiting and all that - which
becomes frustrating to such it's a memory one doesn't want to have anymore.
So, we grow, we mature and we don't wait anymore.
For some of us, we learn to have many optons.
In other words, we lost all the illusion that "she is the one" and "fate" and
"destiny" and the romantic hollywood movies to romantic novels that if we be
persisent, try again she will say yes. Probably because we tried before and it
didn't end to well so we change our thinking, approach and how we do things.
We will approach and if girls says no, we move on. Most of us will have more than
one girl on our phone and will do that so we don't waste time on girls/women who
are not decisive, who are not ready until we get to the one who is.
Most guys who don't options, fear rejections, so they won't be approaching many
girls. They be hung up on his girl they once asked and she said no. They be either
all over the girl by creating some picture of her, love and all that will probably try
again. Or won't..and just be like this guy who thinks about her and does nothing.,
I'd advise to not wait until he asks you again.
You could be waiting for a very long time and ﬁnd he doesn't ask at all. It depends
on the guy and every guy is diﬀerent in maturity, experience, skill and mindset.
Since he asked before, you be proactive and approach him.
Be honest with him and just say you wasn't ready back then, it wasn't really him
and now you are. That you'd like to get to know him over coﬀee or something.
You never know, he probably has been thinking about you but doesn't show it or
he probably moved on.
You won't know until you take action....or wait...wait...wait.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I keep pursuing a girl even if I don't think she's
interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is something missing in regards to the question because you're saying if
you don't think she's interested and yet....you mention pursuing.
So something is up here which tells me, you have not really showed true intent
with her. You've played it very safe. You've probably gone out together but played
it so safe that she is unclear what it is you want.
That means...you went out together and..
1. She doesn't know what to think. She's unsure what it is you want. So she is now
being on guard to not get it wrong. Is it friend? Is it girlfriend? Is this really a date?
What is it?
2. You have not approached like she is your girlfriend
3. There is been no clarity on these dates i.e. no kissing her ﬁrst, no holding
hands, nothing whatsover.
Therefore, you are not pursuing anything. This is a game if what I am saying has
happened. Playing safe and all that.
Look.

I'm going to be blunt here with you. I don't know if you're really young or just
inexperienced...
The ﬁrst is the approach.
If you screw up here, playing safe, then you won't be making nothing clear.
It be like you're approaching her as some friend and when I approach I make sure,
the intent is so damn clear that if you saw me doing what I do - it look so damn
awkward. You'd probably cringe because it is outright sexual, ﬂiting, so she
doesn't mistake what happens next is a hang out.
If it happens.
I say if, because the beginning for me is to ensure I screen out girl who are not my
type. More on that later.
The second, when I do get her number, the communication again shows true
intent, that it's sexual attraction. So I don't play it safe.
Third, when we do meet, I immediately assume she's my girlfriend. I smile, kiss
her on forehead, take her hand and now we're rocking.
Most girls will say, "OOoh but I would never let a guy do that to me."
The way when I approach in very beginning stages, I am cocky but fun, nice way
and even touch at times. Some will walk away, some will be on oﬀensive, some
won't and be in.
Now if some say, "Oooh, I would never let a guy do that to me.." well....
Good. Then I'd have ﬁltered them out, screened the girl out and moved on. Not all
girls are going to be,"Hell yeah, this is the guy I want," but I am not going for these
type of women.
So you must have played it safe.
You need to make it very clear and no, you don't need to label it as a date,. It is
your behavior that tells her this is a date. The words you use i.e. ﬂirting, teasing,
conversing, before moment you ask her out and how you behave when you are
dating.
I have never labelled, named at anytime with going out with girls as a date. I
didn't need to due to my behavior.
Pursuing is where the girl KNOWS you're true intent. You have been open, honest
in your approach. I don't think that is been the case here.
I feel she might be confused, on what it is you want. Is it friend? Is it girlfriend?
That's what I am getting from your question.
So be clear to her and don't play safe. The beginning dictates the rest of the
journey. Nice guys and guys who play it safe always get burnt because they're
being far too nice, too pleasing and staying in comfort zone.
Be clear with her.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

I’m a young adult woman and I've never had a boyfriend. Is this
normal or is something wrong with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I'm 18 and I've never had a boyfriend before is there something wrong with
me?

Nah. Relax. You're not the only 18 year old female who hasn't had a boyfriend. I
know many similiar age and some even older who haven't had a boyfriend.
Doesn't mean there is something wrong with you.
In fact, take a look on Quora and other websites and you will see many similar
age, and also diﬀerent ages haven't dated a guy.
So relax, smile, chill and don't be too hard on yourself. You know, don't listen to
that chatter in your head.
376 Views

Is it my place to ask my girlfriend not to let a speciﬁc guy to
touch her in speciﬁc places?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, this is all comes down to way back when you ﬁrst approached her. She
probably has been testing you're frame from day one. You probably approached
her like most nice guys and putting her on some pedestal.
So she must have been testing your frame out, little by lttle, until it got to this.
And probably, you didn't say a god damn word when some things happened
because you feared loss. You feared losing her.
You feared saying anything or making a strong ﬁrm decision in making sure she
knows the boundaries from day one whenever she tried something.
You're asking here because you're attached to the outcome because if you weren't,
you won't give a shit and make it your place.
"is it my place" is fear talking.
"But if I say this, she be upset and probably not like me anymore. She'll walk
away."
That is not a great place to come from mate.
You'll be always wondering about the outcome than you're own core values.
So the key here is, always, no matter how small they are...you set boundaries. You
do not let up but communicate the boundaries.
Sometimes mate, people have no damn common sense, immature, clueless and
they just dated some chump. Guys who just let them do it and so, they go and do
it in front of these guys they date.
You got to then make sure you set boundaries immediately without....the fear of
loss. To such a level, she understands you, she knows the line to not cross over
and she knows you got the balls to walk away if she does.
So, if she is letting guys do that, you've got a woman who either testing your
frame, playing games, or so hungry for validation from men.
Whatever the reason....
Communicate the boundaries nice and calmly.
If she persists, you need to decide to walk away and be with someone who doesn't
have much respect for you.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend who will be my future ﬁancée spends money on
unnecessary things and is sometimes very wasteful. What can I

do about this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If her habits irritate you now, believe, it will be one full scale argument after
another in time to come. Especially on these things because these things are
consistent pattern habits to feed one's own emotional need.
They are not one oﬀ things but consistent, lifestyle, ongoing, day after day
behavior that will be applied in front of you every day.
In other words, her core values are so far diﬀerent to yours and just isn't
compatible with you. I mean, to even get to this level, in which it bothers you to
write a question on this kind of stuﬀ is a breaker already for a relationship.
The worse you can do is try to change someone and do so by force and all sorts.
This is about feelings, about emotions, about hunger one has inside of them. Best
you ﬁnd someone who you can get along with and that small things like these
don't get to you.
313 Views

I told my boyfriend, "I love him", and he ignored it. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some men are not that type of guy who say "I love you back." Some show it in a
diﬀerent way than words.
Now, here's the thing too. Did you say it because you mean it or did you say it to
get a response, like a validation from him?
Because it looks like you said it to get validation, a response, a proof he loves you.
If you need that to prove he loves you, then something is already wrong in the
relationship or getting to know your man. There should be ample proof already in
how he treats you, things he does, behavior.
When I'm told by women I date, "I love you" I don't respond, "I love you to." They
don't start wondering I don't love them.
So my advise...do nothing.
He is probably a guy who doesn't say such words back anyway. The way I don't. It
doesn't mean I don't love the woman I'm with.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Why would any nice girl avoid a nice guy who likes her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nice guys. You heard "because they prefer badboys."
Not true. They prefer guys with balls, conﬁdence and who understand being nice
does not mean a girl is going to be attracted to the guys.
Yes, be nice, smile, be approachable, friendly but just being that, well, it is like
some guy I know who wanted to grow ﬂowers.
He wanted to grow some awesome ﬂowers in his garden like the other people in
the street. So he asks one of them..
"What do I need to do to make sure I grow awesome ﬂowers?"

The neeighbour said, "You need good fertiliser. Get that earth of yours healthy
and you'll be growing awesome ﬂowers when you seed it."
So the guy went and got the fertliser and walla, after some time span, he was
growing ﬂowers but they all withered and died.
You see, in anything in life, doing just one thing and avoiding the other things
needed, will leave you frustrated.
The other thing is knowledge, understanding women/girl psychology regarding
dating, social skills, and knowing how to approach, ﬂirt, tease.
It is taking the action
Right now, you don't even have the basic understanding about girls and
attraction or you won't be asking how being nice isn't getting you the girl to be
attracted to you.
It's like most guys and even women saying.
"I got a great job, good income, look great, got a car BUT the women/guys just
not approaching me. They just don't want me."
It's like some who say..
"I got the looks, I'm attractive, good looking and still single. Why am I not
being asked out."
They got one side of the spectrum sorted but on other side, it is dead, withering
away and don't realise or have clue about attraction
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

My ex (who's dating someone) isn't comfy with me dating a girl
who she's friends with. I want to date her and have them stay
friends. What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 4, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From what I'm reading, it looks like the worry isn't coming from you but the
friend of your ex girlfriend. Your ex girlfriend is worried about her, if she might
cause trouble and it is too close to home.
Personally mate, I won't date a friend of an ex and not because you can't but
because you want to avoid hassle. You don't want to start dating someone with
issues already and having this in back of mind.
Most girls already got BS and hangups about sex, being labelled as sluts, whore,
too easy, and afraid of being ostractised, judged etc from their social group. Also
from society. Also, they see their social group like a life blood and it takes
something big to break the friendship relationship.
One is dating their friend's ex boyfriend for starters. Even if ex said it's ok, it
doesn't mean it's ok. As you may have ﬁgured out by now, girls/women say lots of
things on what they want in a guy and life, and say something but really doesn't
mean shit. It just testing the guy or friend to see.
So all this is going to be in her head and it will be playing around like a broken
record, on and on for sometime.
The second thing is..
1. It's too close to home. Too close to social circle of someone you know. Nothing
wrong dating a girl from your ex-social circle but it comes with just too much
hassle sometimes.

2. Anytime their frienship can come back together and suddenly she is spilling
crap about you to your ex.
I would approach other girls and expand your options more so you don't have
headache in beginning of dating and relationship.
Your Mission if you were to take it...(Options)
1. Don't date this girl and approach new girls outside this social circle. Save
yourself the hassle, headache and all that.
2. Date this girl and you may ﬁnd out she don't give a shit about your ex anyway.
You decide but just understand these issues that are there. That way you make a
better informed decision and not going in blindly.
Yes, an ex is an ex - but - do you want to date someone who is worried about your
ex, lingering in and out, worried?
474 Views · View Upvoters

Should I keep texting this guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're probably thinking..
"It's been a four days (or a week) and I waited for him to text but hasn't but I
haven't either. So is it kind of too late?"
No, never too late.
Text him because you know, we get busy sometimes, and it was xmas, new year so
hey, busy week for you and probably for him too. Either way, time is nether here
or there.
The guy gave you MASSIVE direct indication he was interested in you. So now,
text him and just say..
"Hi, it was such a busy week due to xmas and new year. Hope it was great for you. I
was thinking, I had a good time with you walking me home and love to meet over
coﬀee and get to know you more. How about...wednedsay/thursday (time and
place)?"
Sign it with your name and then wait for his response. He'll probably be happy
you remembered him and also you are interested in him too.
By the way, if you do meet and it's like a week or whatever days, don't wait to
communicate again until you meet. Keep communicating as it removes
awkwardiness and builds comfort.
Even lead to a phone call.
By the time you meet there isn't much awkwardiness, nerves, because you had
fun on phone and caught up with each other before meeting again.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Emily Andrew

Dating and Relationships: What should I do when my girlfriend
purposely and in front of me talks about other guys being hot?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you have shared to her the boundaries to not step over and if she doesn't
respect that - then you need to understand something. She doesn't respect you at
all. It's done on purpose.

In fact, only an immature and someone probably has no damn common sense or
testing your frame would do it.
She has probably done this many a times and you haven't walked away and broke
it oﬀ to date someone else.
Therefore, right now, she thinks you haven't the balls to.
She has no respect for you mate and this is a red ﬂag to really listen to because
down the line, in future, in a serious relationship...this gets real bad.
This is testing your frame, pushing it for other things later. If she can do this and
you still with her then she knows she can do other things too. So you don't take it
but either she stops or you walk away from her and it's over.
663 Views · View Upvoters

I know he likes me, and I like him, but he doesn't know that I
like him. Should I just tell him or what?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be awkward. It can rain. Aliens might land. You could just vomit on his
shirt. Or your bra slips up.
Look....
If there was one thing I could leave behind for others to take, IF they willing to
learn and do it - it be this...
Just go for it.
That is all you got in your life. The will power to go for something you want. Now,
it may end up shit. It may end up bad. It may end up awkward but I swear to you. I
rather it ends up awkward than not knowing.
I rather go for every damn shot I didn't go for in past than not going for them at
all.
When I grew older, stronger, wiser - that is what I did.
You know something?
Much of the fears I had didn't happen.
So forget what if. Just do it and if it don't happen, I promise you something. It
won't be the ﬁrst guy you date.
Learn now but be safe too.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

My friends think the girl I am dating is out of my league. I
recently lost my job and she is not only attractive but also a
doctor. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You mean, your friends (shit friends by the way) are so insecure, how you got a
successful, attractive woman who they so wish they could have, but can't, or they
just don't like you having good in your life?
That they so busy looking at your life, so busy trying to managing it for you and
you are so busy trying to please them?
Why are you so worried and asking what should you do?

How about saying, "mind your damn own business?" or better....just ﬁnd some
friends who aren't as insecure, immature as the ones you got.
More like they feel she's out of their league, so why you can have best, the
attractive and they cannot.
My friend is working in a market, cashier, and he is dating a doctor. Very
attractive doctor. You think she gives a shit about him working in a supermarket?
No.
What matters is you and her and the rest can go to hell for you all care.
Remember this..
No one is out of your league. Only reason someone is saying something is either
they are jealous, don't like you having success and good in your life - OR - the
themselves ﬁlled with fear, insecurity, failure in life and like to always date down
in their life BECAUSE they are insecure.
Don't listen to them mate.
The only thing that matters is she loves you, and you love her, you get along and
everyone else can take a ﬂying leap back to where they came from.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

Guys, if you unfollow her or don't like anything she posts, are
you uninterested in her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can only talk from past experience. This was like a few years back. I was at a
night club and saw this girl. She was from a friend's social circle and I am kind of
careful when it comes to close social circle.
Anyway - we added each other on Facebook. However, after some time span, she
showed no response of showing her interest at all.
I got bored of the talk, back and forth and just lost interest.
So I just deleted her frrom my facebook as nothing was happening really between
us and I really wasn't looking for more friends.
I do recollect though, looking back that I should have initiated more from my side
in asking her out so I see if she was interested - but - I didn't. Little mistake from
my side which I don't do anymore. What I do now, is always, if I like a woman, I
am more direct.
It didn't matter though as a month later I was being very direct with my
approaches and was dating women, so kind of forgot about her after that.
So maybe, just maybe, because he didn't intiate direct response with you in
showing his interest and you didn't from your side, it kind of just went dead.
Then he just deleted you from his friends list and moved on.
However, I can't really say because I can't read his mind and can only share from
my personal experience.
It's best I feel if you're interested in a guy and he doesn't show it, and you like to
date him...to be direct and say it. At least you know.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Delaney Koros

My friends say I have 1 week to get a boyfriend or they'll assume
I'm gay, how do I get a BF?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Get rid of your social ego mask which is all about seeking validation, acceptance,
to be liked and approved by people who got nothing better to do than getting you
jumping through hoops.
You don't go and connect with someone else, a human being with feelings to
prove something.
If they told you, you need to go and do a blow job on some guy, then you're gay,
you're going to do that?
You will be hammered in the real world, pushed around and treated like shit if
you live like that. You'll attract the wrong type and worse type in your life.
Wake up from the need to prove a damn thing about your sexuality.
Find friends who are mature and get some self respect. If my friends said that, I'd
tell them to kiss my ass and fuck oﬀ back to where they came from.
If you got friends like that, believe, you don't need enemies.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok to ask a man out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be pushy. You know what you want and so go and get what you want. You've done
enough talking between each other and so it's time to ask him out. If he doesn't
make his move then realise it's mostly not you.
Rather he's fear of rejections and trying to act like he is smooth.
I personally hate smooth and I am pushy and like a woman who is because it
shows me the woman is interested, isn't going to be playing hard to get and all the
nonsense most women and even guys do.
More of a get down with it, and let's rock and roll and if that's too pushy for a
woman, well....shows me she's going to be problems later on.
Same for guy too.
So take action, ask him out and yes, it is ok for woman to ask a guy out. That's just
social conditioning kicking in, society being dictated by romance stories,
hollywood movies and cultural bs.
361 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my long-distance boyfriend is always too
busy to chat with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 3, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have the vast resources locally and yet you try to get a "boyfriend" longdistance and online. You haven't met face to face, you haven't dated, so I don't see
this wave of internet chat and emails as a relationship in regards to boyfriend and
girlfriend.
He is not seeing you as a priority and thats really it.
The trouble with internet and added with the internet is big.
1. You don't really know this guy. He could be dating someone else.

2. The internet gives guys and anyone else opportunity to connect with other
suitors without you even knowing anyway. Very easy to lose connection with
someone.
3. If there is no face to face meeting, dating, touching. intimacy face to face then
it will probably die. The person loses interest, gets bored and looks elsewhere for
a new emotional stimulation as that's all it is at the moment.
4. On long distance....the access to resources i.e. othe suitors, girls is easier than
long distance. It's a walk away, a bus away, an event away and a night club away in
the same city. So he can meet someone easily as you can in your own local place.
The odds are stacked up even higher against you both if you don't meet face to
face.
But forget all that.
You are not his priority and since he doesn't make you a priority, why bother
making him one too.
Move on and ﬁnd someone local.
You know, a real, down to earth, ground rooted, face to face, relationship because
this is nothing more than the Pen Pal kind of relationship.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Girl sends random texts, then asks how my day went. Is she
interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Send a text back and be fun....
Her - how was your day
You - I am creating a master plan to dominate the world but need some help.
We're going to rule the world ;)
Her - What plan have you got so far
You - Drinks, food, party...drinks..food...party. Think it's a good plan?
Her - Hahaha. Sounds great so far. I got a plan too
You - Wait. Someone might be listening. We need to meet face to face and discuss
and see if your plan will work ;) Thursday or wednesday 7.30pm?
Her : wednesday
You - Great but keep your hands to yourself =P
7.8k Views · View Upvoters

I really like a girl and she likes me, but I only have 3 weeks left
in this country and we know it won't work out. What should we
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Stop seeing it as serious, relationship, and all that. Just meet each other, enjoy the
time you have together. Do not promise anything to each other about the future
because both of you have said "we know it won't work out."
It won't anyway with that mindset.

So just enjoy the 3 weeks together and make it an awesome memorable
experience. That is all you can do.
That's what I'd do anyway. I'd have a blast, fun, than be so serious about it.
312 Views · View Upvoters

What can I do if my gf/ﬁancé constantly talk about exclusive
favours she got from other men in her past?- She used to work
as luxury event hostess
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The reason why she's saying this to you is to test your frame and see how far to
she can push it with you. Her talking this way tells me she can push as far as she
wants and you'll still be sitting there like a nice guy.
Second, your girlfriend is insecure, and that isn't your problem but hers. Probably
been that way from beginning too but you just kind of brushed it under the carpet
as red ﬂags appeared to you. Mostly because like most guys fear loss.
Many things I read on Quora from guys - from girls acting like a bitch, or acting
moody, or telling a guy oﬀ for doing something in front of everyone, to telling a
guy he's an asshole, or how they talk to their ex, to even this what you shared has
never happened to me or my friends for that matter.
Why?
We got self respect and we make sure from the very beginning a woman knows
the boundaries. That is what I did from day one. From the very beginning of
approaching a woman, from the moment of talking, from dating, from intimacy,
she knew one thing..
"You don't fuck with me and my head or you're out of my life."
In a polite, calm way. Communicate. Communicate. Always communicate and
never fear communicating the boundaries when time is needed.
Now some can call me an asshole. Some can all me a Jerk but in all my
relationships, I never had so many of what I am reading from guys these days
online. It is like they forgotten their self respect.
From what I am seeing, your girlfriend isn't ready for long term relationship.
She's yearning for validation, acceptance, and all sorts from men even when she
is with you When a woman says that and your still with her...what does that say
about you?
What does it say when you don't speak up and communicate that this isn't on?
She maybe talking about the past but she is talking about it right now, in present,
in your face man. In your face, in the relationship your both in.
Some people don't have common sense.
Some are immature and they don't know what they are doing or saying. They just
talk a load of shit and they need to hear from someone..
"Hey, you don't talk about this with me. What you're doing? Why are you talking
about this to me? What are you REALLY saying?"
But if a guy or a woman for that matter, doesn't speak up in a relationship due to
fear of loss - them the other person won't know they are doing something that
hurts. Some are that immature and careless.
They keep on doing it. They don't know the boundaries. They haven't learnt these
things even as adults.

So you need to decide who you are, what you want, what your core values are
and stand up to them in a calm polite manner. Sometimes you need to keep
doing so because silence does mean something.
That it's ok by you when it's not.
You needed to set boundaries but you probably haven't. I don't think you have
and probably let her continue to do so without communicating with her, and
saying to her you don't care about what other men did for her.
That was the past and this is now. So what is it she is really saying? If that is all
she is saying then enough. You don't want to hear it but if there's something she
needs to say, then say it without the subtle nonsense subtle messages.
That now she is with you in the present.
So this is really not even about her.
This is about you. You want this to continue?
You want her to keep saying that to you like you are not satisfying her because
that is what she really saying. That she is comparing you to them. That you
haven't got what they got and so she keeps on and on about this.
Testing your frame, and you're letting her push...and push because she knows
you are not going to speak up and even have balls to walk away.
I won't tolerate a woman talking that to me.
I doubt most women would ever let a guy speak that way to them too.
Relationship, girlfriend or ﬁance. I won't tolerate it. I'd say something right there
and then and sort boundaries out. If she don't like it, then bye.
But that's me.
So you decide then if you want to be with a woman who compares you with other
men, who is not satisiﬁed with life with you because she's brining it up often
enough.
Yes, that is the past but when someone brings it up, it is a red ﬂag and you need to
not be afraid of loss but speak up, communicate with her and talk.
One thing for sure, you don't sit there, stay there when you hear that kind of talk.
You speak up, you say this is the line to not step over because if you are unwilling
to stand up for your core values and being honest with her how it makes you feel;
and you're not having it (without) you fearing loss, then you'll never really have a
strong relationship.
Communication is very important in relationships. Sometimes you got to deal
with the shit and not brush it under the carpet to know where you both stand.
Sometimes it needs this to be strong together and come closer together.
If not, it be a relationship ﬁlled with fear of loss and walking on eggshells.
Yes, I know, I advise guys and they always come back..
"Oh but I love her. Oooh what if she leaves? What if.."
If this is love mate, people can keep it. One loves themselves ﬁrst, have self
respect ﬁrst and let others know of boundaries.
Rather sort it out now or have years of hell later.
Her history is neither here or there. Whatever happened in past is the past but
rubbing it on your face, and saying something like some BS signals for you to
ﬁgure it out is not on. Relationship needs honesty, transparency.

139 Views · View Upvoters

There's a boy I like. He says he likes me back. We could
potentially be in a relationship, but I pushed him away. Why
did I do this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you're projecting your own insecurities, fears onto what cant happen
between you and him. Like some blockuster horror movies or some serious
romantic relationship movie.
Thinking of the bigger picture i.e. relationship and all that.
First start going out dating, have fun, don't take things so serious. Don't label it as
relationship. Chill. Relax. There is no high expectations here and there is only
getting to know each other without putting tons of pressure on yourself.
Forget thinking what can go wrong, quieten all those horror stories in your head
and what won't to what can't happen happen.
Rather, just enjoy the moment without planning any obstacles in your head.
Don't think relationship. Think "getting to know the guy one step at a time."
Far too many make things serious. It should be fun, enjoyable, experience to
know someone and someone knows you. You don't know how this will go so
forget planning relationship, and all that.
Just date and get to know, and have fun.
575 Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if your long-distance boyfriend is cheating
though he always tell you that he loves you a lot?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 2, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You won't know and also, if there's no trust then there's not much of a
relationship there.
The disadvabtage of long distance are as follows:
1. The ﬁrst is you don't meet often and even barely. The ﬁnancial strain plays a
part in this too but also committment. Sure, you can do text, email, face to face
using skype but it doesn't compensate with real face to face and close intimacy.
2. The second, is long distance also means the access to resources locally. It is
very easy and very tempting to access local resources. Close by women/men,
going out, meeting new people and at anytime, the person can meet someone
and it clicks with each other, and you'll never know.
3. Third, it's easy to hide when long-distance. You can easily lose touch, not
communicate due to loss of attraction because there is no meeting face to face or
seldom. So the person can feel it might just go nowhere and it's just taken too
much time, too much hassle and emotionally draining at times to think about
someone, never mind being committed to someone who lives far away.
4. Fourth, what happens sometimes when it does go wrong, is the break up
happens and it may seem the person has moved on so far. However, that person
may have already met someone long before the breakup and it just seems they
have moved on so fast.
That's just a few reasons why I won't do long distance.

I rather date someone locally, as I can meet face to face, enjoy their company,
become intimate in conversation face to face, intimate in touch and even
sexually. It is just not the same when it's long distance.
It's much easier to build trust, comfort and close relationshop that is very
intimate than long distance. It's also less frustrating too.
If you don't trust the person, then maybe that is already a sign it is waivering and
probably best to look local. Plenty of guys/women local.
Now if it works for you, great.
However, I'd never do long distance. I like to see the person face to face in real life
than emails, text. phone and skype.
8 Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell if she likes me or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I know whether or not a girl is interested in me?

It goes like this...
1. You see her.
2. You immediately approach. Don't look for BS signals, messages, whatever or
your brain will play some hollywood movie of Doomsday, with forecasts of what
may happen, what could happen and what it doesn't happen.
In seconds, your brain will start all kinds of stories...
"I wouldn't do that. She's so out of your league."
"She looks too hot for you."
"Not the right time because the light from the window is not aligned to the speck
of dust on the wood."
"OOoh, remember what happened last time. Oh yeah. Nothing because your a
wuss, a pusssy. And you are going to approach her? Hahahahaha. Don't make me
laugh."
"She looks busy. Look at the frown on her face. She'll humilate you in front of
everyone."
"Her friends will talk about you."
"She will reject you."
"You'll screw up and everyone will know"
So don't stop. Approach her immediately when you see her. No excuses.
And..be fun, serious. Don't be romantic and all serious. Just relax and...
3. Say hi, and how you was walking to (cafeteria, whatever) and you saw her and
you think she's attractive. (PAUSE)......but good looks so common. So you like to
get to know her more over a drink (or a walk, whatever).
You show your interest. You're direct. You are not giving mixed signals and you
are not going to waste your time either like most average chumps pretending to
be friends to get into pants.
Instead you're going to be conﬁdent and say it, so you can move on if it's a no.
If she says yes, then that's how you know she's interested.

That's how. Not signals, smile, eye contact and all that.
Then you get her number and sort it out.
She has shown she is interested.
If she says no, busy, not into dating, not into relationship, or even acts like she got
some game to play hard to get with "I'll think about it" then....take it as a no. Then
walk away. Have self respect.
Planet is full of girls.
13.3k Views · View Upvoters

If I'm looking for a relationship, should I put "single" on
Facebook or leave it as a mystery and not put anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Online is not going to be much good if your oﬄine world is wanting. By that, I
mean oﬄine isn't about you putting single on facebook. That will do no good
because there are other factors at play...
It's about the appearance, and what you're doing with your life.
Plus, you're better oﬀ with Tinder and other websites.
If you're like most people who don't socialise in the oﬄine world, aren't going for
life, not building social circles, then you're not going to be able to show what's in
it for the other person to even bother saying hi or consider dating you.
Online it's this...
1. Quality photos
2. Fun, outgoing, doing something photos
3. Got life cooking, buzzing
4. How many are interacting with you. Perception
Oﬄine is the same but with one powerful added factor most guys don't get and
still think it's just about the look...
Conﬁdence
1. Approaching tons of women consistently face to face. Not looking for signs but
immediately approach. None of this on Quora..
"She looked at me, she smiled at me...what does it mean?"
Find out what it means. Approach, ﬂirt, tease, converse, ask her out for
coﬀee/drink. Get number etc.
2. Getting good at doing that ﬁrst without complaining why women won't say yes.
Just get good at that for now and learn to sort one's life out..
a) Grooming
b) Social skills
c) Building own oﬄine social circle of friends
d) Bulding other social groups outside of one group so no friends or group
dictates you. Nor will you fear scarcity, fear of loss of people, friends etc.
d) Socialise, meet people, while doing what your already into and passionate
about.

Plenty of opportunity for photos for online - but also...getting people familiar
about you in certain venues as this helps increase social value when women see
you know people in those places.
Lots of things most guys don't do and bitch about their looks. Looks is one thing
that only gets attention. Or writing "single."
Apperance is perceived value but absolute value needs action to approach, to
show not tell and which most guys don't spend time building.
Mainly because of lack of maturity and thinking you get a girl, when really, it's
not about getting a girl.
It's about getting...a life and building an impressive one that attracts a girl. So
when you approach she sees your world and this builds trust, comfort, shows you
have a life than orbiting your life around hers.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

My neighbor is almost 8 years older than me and she once said
to me she views me as her little brother but there's chemistry
between us. I have feelings for her and really want to date her,
but I don't want to scare her oﬀ or come across as weird. What
can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The moment a woman says she "views you as her little brother" then you back
away. The chemistery is from your own ideas in your idea. Fantasy that is telling
you there is something there when there's not.
Pull back mate and don't start feeding that desire in your head.
You have to respect her wishes and she is saying politely to you because either
from past experience guys have approached her who were younger, or just not her
taste; or she felt you are falling for her.
So she is politely saying to you..
1. I don't see you in that sexual way.
2. You live next door so I don't want any drama close to my home
3. This is what I wish. You're a guy next door, a friend, like a little brother.
So she hasn't expressed any interest in you.
The chemistry must be coming from you and your images you're building in your
head for the hope she feels something more about you.
But forget even that.
This is way too close to home mate. Too close. That means, you haven't got
options and you're not out there approaching women.
I won't date girls too close to home because if you are not emotionally strong, and
things don't go right, you will see her everyday.
Think long term also.
Don't date too close to home. Have that space for your own sanity because
sometimes reltionships just don't go way we want them to sometimes. When they
don't, we don't want it in our face every damn day.
It's why I don't date women from job, business, or nearby. I go further a ﬁeld.
Much further and have lots of options.

Go out more mate and approach women. Create more options.
968 Views · View Upvoters

I feel like women lose interest in me as I don't have much to
oﬀer. Am I looking at this wrong?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can tell something is wrong. Either in your approach, what you say and your
mindset. Now I don't know exactly what you do but I know one thing from my
experience. And when I was unemployed I dated lawyers, models, and career
minded women, very attractive - which was a wake up call for me.
I realised, it wasn't all you are saying, like well spoken, charming, intelligent, and
even successful and powerful, and age.
I was 18 years old when I dated the lawyer. 17 when I dated the model, though I
looked older. And aged 20 I was dating high ﬂying career women, so it wasn't
money, car, job, or even me being charming or well-spoken.
Man, I wasn't smooth and I'm not smooth now. We see these movies and videos
on youtubve and people think it happens that way. It doesn't happen smoothely
mate and infact - if you do try and be smooth you'll screw up. It's not natural
being smooth anyway.
No, don't downgrade, but learn what is going wrong. Never downgrade. Just
because it's not easy, doesn't mean you downgrade anything.
You need to ﬁgure the lesson. This is life, it's wisdom. Pick that lesson up and
ﬁgure it out mate and when you do, you will be ok.
But how do you ﬁgure it out?
You have some options.
You can invest in a coach to see what it is you're doing.
You can invest in knowledge and skills, because right now I feel you need some
understanding about women psychology. You're talking like most guys with jobs
and money and many have no damn clue about dating and women.
I got guys who are very wealthy and they have no clue. Doing it all wrong, talking
too much, trying to impress the woman, talking about their job, money, success
and being too nice and playing too safe.
Some give up and just hire an escort which many rich guys do. Less hassle for
them and they're too busy for all this approaching and dating.
You can go to forums that specialise in this area.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Men, what are the hints that a girl drops that would make you
realize she's having a crush on you? And what would you do
about it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Give all the hints you want but if you do, also realise there is fear of rejection and
there is social pressure for most men.
Many men get hints and do nothing about it.
Also as we mature, we get sick and tired of hints and all the games. So now, most
guys like myself don't eve bother with hints. We now choose.

If we like a woman, we'll approach and if she says no, it will be seen as no. If she
says yes, it will be seen as yes. And if she expects persistence...bye, bye. It won't
happen from guys of self worth and self respect.
So if there is some hint, I won't even bother.
The only time I will approach if I am attracted to the girl and it's me who thinks
so, and then I will approach.
But anything about her being friendly, being well dressed, eye contact, smiles
means nothing whatsover to me. Even if she so sweet to me.
I won't take it as a hint to mean "she's interested in me."
I'd see it as, "she's ﬂirting for attention or just having fun."
Why?
I get it from many women walking into a bar, a night club, in streets and cafes. I
get it from work. I am not Brad Pitt but when I dress up and with my conﬁdence,
then that helps a lot but even then, a hint for me, means nothing.
It doesn't mean and I will take it as they are attracted to me. I will just see it as
woman being nice and polite.
So a woman or a guy can explain all types of hints but if you see on Quora, many
guys get those hints and they are all asking..
"what does it mean? What should I do?"
I swear, I am personally sick of hints. I rather a woman approaches me and says..
"Hi, I saw you and I just had to come over and say you're attractive, and wondered
if you'd one day have a coﬀee/drink (whatever) with me one day. So I can get to
know you better."
It is very rare this happens except in some countries.
For most guys, one can give hints...but it doesn't remove the factors of fear of
rejections, social pressure and hints on that bases is god damn no use.
Here's why...
Most guys have met women that do the opposite!
Some women like a guy but they won't give hints.
Some women like a guy, and act aloof.
Some women like a guy and act nasty
Some women like a guy and play hard to get
So not all women will give some hints they like a guy.
Now what does a guy need to do?
Masculine approach is what he does and to hell with subtle hints. He chooses. He
sees a woman he likes and approach. Cuts through chase.
It's slowly getting that way because we're sick of waiting for hints.
Don't give us men hints.
Tell us and rejection is part of life. We might as well cut through the damn chase
so we can get to the fun part, date, dance, have fun, travel, see world, whatever,
faster, quicker and enjoy it too.

But...I also know, it be so rare women would do that.
That's why I don't look for hints anymore and so glad I don't, as it changed my
life. The fun I am having now, the dating, the amazing life is wonderful.
11.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hạnh-Minh Nguyễn

Would he rather date me or be friends with beneﬁts?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's interested in friends with beneﬁts. He only said both because you brought
up 'friend' and he said both but really he's into FWB.
If I wanted to date a fuckbuddy I'd have said, let's go out and went for it, dating
and all that. I personally don't date fuckbuddies because it's about wanting one
thing. Sex without the hassle of dating, relationship building and drama.
Just meet and sex.
But dating a fuckbuddy complicates things because it leaves things wide open,
with no rules or line, in which both know to not step over ie. getting attached,
seeing it as a relationship and dating.
If you want more, then you best let him know and if it's fuckbuddy, make sure
both come to terms on what line to not step over. Get it sorted in beginning
before it goes any further.
85 Views · View Upvoters

I really love my ex-girlfriend, I want to win her heart again, but
she has new boyfriend, what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She feels the drama, the thrill, the guy still chasing her is good for her ego. And
her saying, "I dont know" is her really saying..
"I want to keep you on the side dish because it feels so damn good to control
someone and have two guys. Makes me feeel so damn good."
So if you want to be her side kick, being used as emotional support, as ego patting
then by all means go ahead.
Me, I would have ran as far as I could when I knew she was already with a guy.
You're stuck in this hope thing. One day they split up and she will fall into your
arms.
Yes, she probably will until another guy comes along and...she can do it too
because she knows one thing about you...
1. She can date another guy
2. Cheat on her other guy, the boyfriend
3. Go back to fuck the guy while you go back to nothing
4. And you will still be there as she smiles, knowing you're masturbating about
her. Dreaming about her. Chasing her with puppy eyes.
Best you move on or you'll be so deep in shit but don't blame her.
Life gave you all the red ﬂags and you're still not listening.
207 Views · View Upvoters

Could a player be intimidated by a girl he truly likes?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Jan 1, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's not a player. A player is very skilled at what he does.
It's not like Hollywood movie where he can approach many girls and suddenly, he
gets intimidated by one girl. That kind of feelings has been numbed down and
they're very emotionally disciplines than most guys.
The guy in the story sounds a typical average guy who fears rejection.
A player will make his move immediately and if she didn't respond - he will move
on. You would never ﬁnd a player orbiting around girl, giving some soft puppy
eye expression like some victim or romance look.
Players number one rule is...always have options, don't waste time with one girl
who plays hard to get and doesn't respond because the most important is
framing. That she must know she doesn't dictate the role.
If she's not interested, he moves on and keeps his frame.
A player knows how to approach a girl and this guy doesn't know how to and is
investing far too much into her to be one.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

Should I tell the girl I like in high school that I am tangled in the
chains of desire?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know the Hollywood movies where the nerdy guy who doesn't look attractive
but wants to get the girl, suddenly transforms into a hot dude who wows the girl
by confessing his love to her?
You know the romance novels, bedtime stories of this romantic dude who leaves
secret letters for her and how she suddenly falls in love with him as he plays
guitar under her window?
As well as those Bollywood movies?
Well, these are fantasy and in real world - girls love reading and watching that
because they can experience all the dangers, all the lovey dovey without anyone
else knowing.
They can feel the excitement and imagine the touch of bodies touching each
other and the kiss. They can imagine the orgasms. The..
"Ooooh baby take me now." as he presses her to the wall and rips her clothes oﬀ.
And no one will ever know she is reading this or watching this movie behind
closed walls. Even if she was reading the book on a train. No one will know she is
reading this.
No one will ever judge, point, label because no one will ever know.
But in the real world - if you approached her or any girl like that....you will know!
Her friends will know.
The world might judge her.
It is real. The social mask is real. The ego is real. The other people asking, 'how
did you meet' is real. She isn't going to fall into your arms because this is the real
world and people are watching and you are watching too.
Even in sex....

You see movies how the guy and woman hurry their way into the house, and
immediately slam each other on wall, as they rip each other's clothes oﬀ. They all
over each other, right?
In real world mate, it is so damn diﬀerent.
In real world, you do that and she be like..
"WTF is happening! OMG! What if he thinks I'm a slut, too easy, a whore?"
She backs oﬀ and this is when you haven't even got undressed.
Sometimes, you are both naked, and I mean COMPLETELY NAKED, and she be
like...
"Wait! Do you want this?"
And in real world, for most guys they be thinking..
"SHIT! Did I say no?"
"Do I say yes?"
"But is this a test?"
"If I say yes, she might not ever come back!"
"If I say no, then I don't get to screw her!"
"But if I don't, she might think I'm a platonic friend, and I have zoned myself in to
the dark abyss of platonic boyfriend who will never have sex with her, EVER!"
Romance novels, movies, don't tell you how to handle this situation.
The other factor is - it is not so easy to believe some guy, who walks up to a girl,
who hasn't dated him, hasn't got to know him, hasn't yet agreed if she likes him
too, hasn't become intimate with him, hasn't overcome challenges together,
haven't screwed each other and become sexually intimate.
He brain will say this..
"How can I even trust a guy like you for saying such words so damn easy. You must
say this to EVERY girl you meet!"
And she will have every right to think this because you got to look it from her
point of view. Girls/women haven't got it easy when it comes to dating. From
centuries they were hunted down as witches because they won't fuck some
powerful men.
Imagine, all these women, sexy girls and women, walking naked even before
roman times and even in Roman times. Talking about sex openly. Being atheletes
naked openly. Having sex openly.
Sex then was seen maturely and as the most natural thing in the world.
But then you got some who want to control and so they created the thing called
shame, modesty and anyone who talks about sex, openly, and does it openly is
seen as evil, a devil servant, a witch, a warlock.
Suddenly laws kicked in by senates, religions with stories, literature designed and
decade later, we got women ashamed to walk to a guy and say..
"Hi, I saw you over there and think you're really attractive."
No, we got magazines telling women, don't do that because it makes you look too
easy, a slut, a whore. We got romance novels teaching how to play hard to get. We
got comics. We got music. We got lyirics. We got religions.

We got laws and fake stories.
You even got movies. Episodes from every kind of genre.
In the episode called Bitten, you see a woman walking up to a guy saying to him...
"Hey, I like to take me home."
The guy turns around and says, "No because....(wait for it) you're a slut."
Then he turns into a wolf as she walks in the street and eats her up. Imagine the
message it gives.
Now add millions of literature, over the centuries saying same thing, with fake
stories about this. Even one so called holy guy turning women hair red and into
some monsters because they had sex with a guy.
To many stories creating fears, labels, bedtime stories of how girls suppose to act,
relatives to friends that is all designed to social condition society and dictates the
social norms.
The whole stigma in a box.
NOW..imagine you walking up and confess your feelings of desire.
Her unconscious brain kicks in to see you as nothing more but a threat to what
deﬁnes her in this world.
She thinks of what others will think about her. She thinks what you will think
about her. She thinks what society thinks about her and she will also ﬁnd herself
creeped out being in such a situation.
All because you didn't know.....her.
All you knew is about what you want. How you want to confess some feelings. To
get what you want.
Thinking your feelings is enough for both of you.
It's never is and will never will be.
So what do you do to increase your chances?
Think about what I've just shared and now this will make sense....
You hold yourself together and keep your emotions in check. That's what a guy of
self respect would do because he doesn't give that kind of information to any girl
until she has shown interest.
Since he knows now what she is facing and since the magazines, romance novels,
movies won't teach guys this....he knows for real what he is up against.
No, not her but her fears that come from being socially conditioned.
A girl can say no, even if she likes you because she feared something. Go on
Quora, and you will see girls who rejected guys and wish they didn't....and want
to know how to attract the guy back.
Honestly, go and look. Plenty of women doing that.
He knows he must not say such words until she has shown interest.
He knows not to invest too much time, eﬀort until she has said yes to dating him,
dates him for a certain amount of time...one year or more. They have become
intimiate and sexually intimate.
Then he says all the lovey dovey words he wants to say.

She won't get creeped out at how he words it because she now knows what he's
like. He's a romantic nut using weird damn words but she knows he means it. She
knows him and it's ok for him to speak that way. It's one of the things
she......discovered later on about him as they got to know each other.
She will think...
"I believe him because he didn't say that to me from the beginning. He go to know
me. We have gone through a lot. We have dated, intimate and time has gone by. He
is saying this because he does feel that for me."
She believes it.
Will this guarantee you to get the girl?
No but it will increase your chances than what you're about to say and do.
You will have made her feel less awkward. You would have approached in a
mature, fun, non serious way and even if she rejects....you didn't give so much
information about your desire.
You leave that for the girl who takes the time to know you, dates you, gets
intimate with you through time and sexually intimate too. So much so,
discovering you becomes a journey.
Like a gift, unwrapping one layer at a time instead of giving it all on one
approach.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell a bloke I dated I still miss him? He lives in
Grantham, I'm in Nottinghamshire so we're not going to bump
in to each other anytime soon
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are two approaches.
1. The signal approach
This entails immaturity because it's about sending some dumb signals using
texting, or facebook actions in liking someone's photos. Then the woman thinks
the guy will suddenly have the knowledge of knowing exactly why she does it but
he doesn't. He probably will ask questions on Quora on why you do these moves.
2. The Direct Approach
This is where a woman has maturity and understanding from past experiences
that a guy is very simple. You just pick up the phone and you tell him..
"Hey, I just wanted to touch base and call to say I really enjoyed your company
and...I miss you."
In all the questions, and I do seriously mean ALL questions on Quora regarding
dating, of what should I do, why he does this, why she does that - is asked due to
fear of rejection and wanting some validation.
Hooked on a response, a need of acceptance. They got some idea in their head of
what they want to happen and...fear that it may not happen.
If people weren't so hooked on such things they'd not give a damn and just cut
through the chase of playing hard to get, and all sorts I see within dating and just
say and do what they want.
So pick up the phone and call or send an email message that isn't cryptic and say..

"Hi, I just wanted to touch base and say I really enjoyed your company and...I
miss you."
Then let go of any need of a response and see how it goes.
220 Views

Would you date a women you hooked up with on the ﬁrst
date/meeting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, deﬁnitely because it would have told me she is similar. I'm sexual, she is too.
I'm conﬁdent and not really into all this play hard to get games and she's same.
She knows what she wants, goes for what she wants - and so do I.
I'd say that's one awesome kick ass start happening right there. The next time we
meet to date, it won't have awkwardiness most have.
So it's a deﬁnite big yes.
227 Views · View Upvoters

Why do some guys like to "neg" girls? It's really annoying and
hurts our feelings. How do I not let the negging bother me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

On why most guys do it?
1. They picked this bad habit from somewhere
2. They lack experience and conﬁdence
3. They desperate for attenion, a response to validate them
Many don't know how to do it in a pleasing way and that's because they lack a lot
of experience. Most do it to see if you got thick skin, mature, and not really going
to crumble over something like that.
Either way, most do it completely in the wrong way and it hurts, instead of doing
the opposite - it attracts but also educates.
However, note, this is now a very old techique and not used by most experienced
guys today. I don't ever use it because I don't need to.
Experience guys don't need to use it EXCEPT if a woman starts acting cocky with
them and starts really acting up...then it will be used. That's only time an
experienced guy will use it.
On what to do about it...
Understand these guys who do it to hurt you....do it to get a response.
When some guy negs you, do not give him a response.
That's what it's there for, to get a response.
So you don't reply back, turn your head, talk to him, nothing. You don't give a
response. Like you didn't hear a damn thing and just walk away.
The more you respond, the more you show it gets you and reward them for
negging you. Just ignore, like you didn't hear a damn thing.
Just walk away. Don't give a response to shout back, talk or anything. Ignore, walk
away, done.

3.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make a girl want me over text messages?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 29, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I tell if a girl likes me over text? (Girls answer only please)

"Girls answer only please..."
You're going to make it diﬃcult for yourself. You'll get majority telling you to look
for signals, body expressions, sub communication.
Or same as men say....ask her out.
But let's see something else here to learn from and it be beneﬁcial to for the
future kind of thing...
You made a mistake from beginning.
You got her number before showing true intent you're into her and that means
you fear rejection, played it safe.
You expect girl to show she likes you?
Good luck with that one mate. You'll zone yourself because you're looking for
signals, messages, meaning, a smile, a tone of voice.
You see, it is very rare for a girl to approach a guy, never mind texting to say she
likes a guy. Much of it will be signals and most of these signals are very deceiving
at their best. That doesn't mean girls are deceiving.
You have to appreciate, all of us, even guys, have a brain that fears pain. It hasn't
changed from many years ago before we lived in houses, driving cars and working
in 9-5 jobs.
It will do it's best to avoid pain, discomfort and if it feels you feel stress, it will
play along to narrate stories of what pain can happen. Assumptions really
because they based on what could happen due to social conditioning and our
own fears.
Plus, with girls/women, there is a stigma still in approaching guys, in telling them
they like the guy and so they will use signals.
We call this in the realm of dating....sub-communication.
It doesn't help when both, guy and girl doing this.
This is where the conﬁdent guy wins even if a girl says no, because he's so
conﬁdent he won't take it personal but take it as she hasn't got what he wants.
She also not ready for a guy like him and so he will approach other girls.
Not so for the typical average guy who plays it safe.
For him, it will be painfully slow and he will move slow, probably get used too and
no fault but his own because human nature dictates most people love the
attention. They love someone chasing them. Love to feel important.
And the conﬁdent guy with experience knows this.
So my advise...
Approach and tell her without confessing love and all that. Face to face.
Then you'll know because if you text back and forth, showing no true intent, it
shows you lack conﬁdence. Second, it will show you're not really diﬀerent to most
guys who want to be her friend.....to get into he pants.

Third, most girls...
1. Give you their number because it is awkward to say no.
2. You're not the only one who is texting the girl.
3. They ﬂirt for attention too
4. They ﬂirt to see if they can get a guy's attention
5. They do it feel good.
6. They just want a friend
7. She’s interested in you.
So how do you know if it's number 7 >>>>>> that she's interested in you?
Text is low investment. A number is not a date.
The beginning is always most important as it sets the frame on who you are and
what it is you want from her.
The beginning is where the average guy of little experience makes many a
mistakes by not showing his true intent.
You don't want to be that guy, so...
You need to be direct and cut through the chase and ﬂirt, tease, face to face, show
conﬁdence...and ask her out.
Text is used to build on the attraction that is already there but you didn't show
the intent of attraction to her.
So now you got some climbing to do because if you're not careful, you'll send
mixed signals. Cut through chase and now push...to see.
Don't ask, "let's hang out." <<< that's friend lingo.
Yes, it does matter. Many say it doesn’t but it does. Framing early in the
beginning is vital or you’ll ﬁnd yourself being messed around.
None of you will be wiser when date is over because you both behave like friends.
It be awkward as hell.
Really ask her out..face to face...not by text...
"I think you're attractive but good looks are so common. I like to get to know
you more. Let's go out together. I know a great place to chill and talk."
You mentioned you're interest in her.
You've showed intent of attraction towards her but also, you said you like to get to
know her, and ﬁnd out more.
She says yes, the lead to a day, time.
If she says, she's busy, not into relationship, then it is a rejection.
If she says, "I don't know you yet," be conﬁdent to reply, "that's why we're going
out together to blah blah, have some fun, to...get to know each other."
And if she still give some excuse, then move on.
She's not interested.
Next time, before you ask for a girl's number, make your intent clear. It will save
you a lot of time, heartache, hassle but also you are honest.

Be congruent to what you really want.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Is it OK to sleep with a guy before dating him?
Adam Taha, Sleeping in the streets experiences
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing wrong with sleeping with a guy before dating.
I've done it myself with women. We'd have this chemistry immediately and
because we of similar mindset - not bothered about all the bs dating nonsense
and sexual, we go for it.
Then we'd meet again and date.
But sometimes it might not happen that way. Sometimes woman might get
regrets for doing so and all insecurities kick in and so, it ends. Or the guy is not
interested anymore and moves on.
Nothing wrong with that either.
Whatever the reason, it just doesn't go towards dating and we don't see each other
again. Happens sometimes.
Now, if you're ok with understanding that it might not lead to a date and if you're
conﬁdent with yourself, haven't got lots of baggages, and start judging yourself
due to social conditioning - then hey go for it.
But do so with precautions, you know, sex protection.
Always be safe.
Just know, that you never completely know no matter if you have sex now or
later. Some date, have sex, and a month later break up.
I personally cannot be bothered with waiting. It's not me.
If breakup going to happen, it's going to happen. So my cards are on table from
the beginning and woman will know that too.
More mature about whatever happens next too.
3 Views · View Upvoters

How do you reply to someone who says they miss you but you
don't miss them?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This happened last week...
Someone - Hey Adam, great to see you. I have missed you man.
Me - Great to see you too. (or you can just say thanks and talk about something
else)
Me - So listen. I told the woman I met I can cook Pizza's and I found out her dad
owns a Pizza Hut franchise
Someone - Dude you are so screwed!
Me - I know. I know. I went and bought this book on cooking Pizza's and you are
going to help me.
Someone = WTF! No way man.
Me - You said you missed me right?

Someone - Erm, yes and?
Me - Well, see it as time to catch up
That's what we did...

And it came out delicious...

36.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to ask a girl out before you graduate high school and
never see again, and risk rejection, or just to keep your feelings
to yourself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know something? I get tons of these questions from guys and ALWAYS, when
they get the answer it is replied back with...
"But I don't want sabotage the friendship."
Listen mate. Know what you want and appreciate risks come in everything.
You're not going to go far if you're thinking that this sabotage friendship.

Well, she wasn't much of a friend if she can't take a compliment that someone she
knows is attracted to her and not make a big deal out of it if she's not interested.
That's really a friend I don't want in my life.
Yes, it might create some awkardiness but if you base your life on ONE friend
then man, you then got problems about yourself. You have lack of resources, you
fear loss and you're wearing a social mask just to be accepted.
If that's a problem then go and approach tons of girls then and forget about her.
Plenty of women on planet.
But if not...
There is only two choices and each one has a risk.
1. You don't go for it and risk never knowing.
Now I don't know about you but I don't want to live with thoughts of...what if. It's
terrible feeling and it hits your self esteem hard later on. Worse than rejecion. At
least rejection gave you an answer.
I rather risk it than regret.
2. Find out if she has interest in you too.
You don't confess love and all that nonsense, but rather you say you wasn't sure
when you ﬁrst met. But after sometime you got to know her, you got to like her a
lot and want to ask her out to get to know her more than just friends.
The risk, she might say no.
The risk is awkwardiness.
The risk losing a friend.
I'd risk that too.
So know what you want and decide.
Either way there is risk.
Regret or you gain a new realisation of where you're friendship is really at. Also
realisation of yourself to and where you are in regards to your own conﬁdence.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

I want to surprise my boyfriend by being dominant in bed. Is
this a good idea?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not a bad idea at all. Take it slow, try one thing ﬁrst, smile a lot, giggle a lot,
show you're doing it for fun; and he'll get the idea. If all goes well, then try other
things too. So start small, and work your way up.
Have fun ;)
1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl started ignoring me after talking to me for four months. I
think I gave away my intentions too fast. Is it okay if I say this to
her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is long distance right because it be crazy if you have been talking for 4
months and haven't dated her. If it is not long distance then deﬁnitely agree with

Kai Herrmann you were too slow.
If this is long distance then appreciate you're putting your eggs in one basket on
something that's diﬃcult. She is at other end of world or city. She has access to
resources. You don't meet often so there's no face to face, touch, intimacy of
touch, meeting up of any kind.
It's why I don't do long distance as for me, it is a waste of time.
There is so many women locally, why bother long distance. The only ones who do
that I feel lack experience and fear rejection to approach women locally. Can you
imagine time you spend, 4 months, talking...talking...back and forth and you ﬁnd
later it is all gone?
The time you put in and you don't meet, don't date.
I won't be able to do that. Might work for some people but for me, meh. I rather
approach locally and stay away from long distance. I don't even see it as
boyfriend and girlfriend relationship if I don't even meet the woman, date, be
intimate and also sexual intimacy.
Later, if no action, no comittment it gets boring and one of the two is going to
check local resources or the communication slows down or ends.
Then because of the emotional investment, time - the one who feels more for
other one is going to do too much thinking, wondering, trying to chase.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I face a old friend after misunderstanding?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Dec 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once, a friend asked me the same question. Something happened between him
and his friend. A misunderstanding and they haven't talked to each other for two
weeks and probably more for all I know.
So I'm going to share the same advise I gave to him.
You don't do it for your friend but you do it because for you. If you value
friendship with this person, you put aside the ego of the friend accepting your
apology. You let go of seeking acceptance.
You let go of seeking approval.
You do it because you have honour, you have character and you want to make
things right. There will always be misunderstanding, obstacles and challenges
friends face but what one must do is come to some sense.
That if the friends are true friends, you both will rise to the top of such challenges
and become stronger friends.
So you approach, you apololgise, you don't lay blame even if the friend tries to.
Instead you apologise and explain why you apologise and how you're friendship
with this person is important.
Now, if the person goes ape shit- if they still talk big, talk whatever, let them. It is
not the time for ego busting and all that.
Let them vent and listen.
Then walk away.
You've have at least tried and that is all you can do.

To try your best and then leave it alone, give it distance and you move on to do
whatever in your life.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

I feel like when people begin to really know me they pull away
from me. Why?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're too slow in escalation. You didn't lead and take the next step due to fear of
rejection. So she got bored because there is no emotional investment there at all.
Personally, I don't write, text, phone too much but move faster than most guys
and I don't have that problem anymore.
I saw it from my past as me being slow withe escalating to the next base and also
spending way too much building comfort. Trying to ﬁnd commonalities and so
after a while girls gets bored.
So now I move faster, escalate fast within reason and I also do it to ﬁlter out time
wasters too. I'm more of a guy who likes to meet face to face, move faster, date, get
down with it than letters...facebook...lots of texting.
Probably that's what it is mate.
You kind of was too slow and need to build attraction back again - be fun, not
serious, and meet up face to face.
Nothing compensates face to face interaction and touch of a human being.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 17 & did basically everything besides sex last night in a
public place with a random guy while drunk but no one could
see. I feel so ashamed. I need reassurance that I’m not a vile
person. I’m still a virgin, but I feel used up. Am I disgusting?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not natural to feel what you feel and I'm saying this because what you feel, is
all social conditioning. All the brain washing from media, romance novels,
hollywood and what dictates society today.
Modesty, shame is a creation to control people.
Similar happened to me with a girl. She was like that but you see the diﬀerence is,
I am educated in a diﬀerent way than most. I know history, sex regarding history,
and whole lot about other things regarding labels like slut, whore, too easy and all
that.
So when she was like that, I didn't think, "she's disgusting."
I thought, "wow, she's conﬁdent" but because of my maturity, I didn't want her to
do something she regrets later, so even when she was drunk, and I took her home,
we didn't have sex. It would have been so damn easy to do so and no....I'm not
some nice guy. I looked way ahead in consequences, in that I liked this girl but I
wanted to make sure she felt same way later on without the drink,
So I took her home, put her long coat on her and left.
Next day I called, and of course, she felt embarrassed and she was saying it wasn't
her and etc, to which I replied..
"I hope it was you because that's what I liked about you. You're fun, conﬁdent."
Which surprised her but also she was relieved.

We later met four days laters, and yes all the rest happened but without
intoxication and safety.
So to you - you're not disgusting. You're not trash. You're not a slut. You're not a
whore. You're not any of the things you're thinking right now and what society
has been socially conditioned.
You're none of these. These are labels, creation to make you feel down, insecure,
worthless and that you have no control, or power.
You're a woman, and I'm a man and we have desires and when drinking it
heighten those desires to remove the barriers we have. The need to hide. The
removal of social masks.
However, you need to be careful because imagine the guy with the woman wasn't
me and all he cared about is getting laid?
Hey, I so wanted to get laid, I wanted to bang her so bad, she was hot, great ﬁgure
but....she's also someone, a human being. She's going to wake up later and it did
happen, she would have felt worse than you.
I didn't want to contribute to the BS that is already in society but bring value, and
start something in good terms.
And we did and we dated for a year until she left for Canada.
So for you, just don't be too hard on yourself and just take better precautions. You
know, don't drink too much. The world out there is harsh, dangerous at times and
if you're not self aware then you can easily be inﬂuenced.
But anything else you think yourself as - STOP IT!
That's not you talking. That's social conditioning. If you wanted to fuck this guy,
it makes you nothing but a woman and him a man. Not aplayer. Not an asshole.
Not a jerk. A man,
Just have precautions with you, that is all.
You can still have fun, still drink a little, still kiss, go wild, screw, whatever, but
always be safe.
Anyone judging you, is their problem but please try to not judge yourself too. The
world is already doing that and we get it everywhere else - and - doing it also to
yourself is just adds to the BS.
So no more blaming yourself. No more calling yourself anything.
Hey. I met her again and there was no judging from my side when we did.
Relax, move on and learn that alcohol aﬀects you a lot more.
Be safe.
That's only lesson to kind of learn and do.
Anything about it was out in public and all that, meh. Move on.
858 Views · View Upvoters

It is ok for me to feel left out because I wasn't invited on my
boyfriend's trip with our friends?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the problem right here...

"I voiced was for his safety, given the combination of motorcycles, my prior
knowledge of roads in India, and how reckless (and drunk) one of his friends
tends to be."
Instead of communicating you're try to self sabotage instead.
How about removing your ego for a moment and just stop voicing your opinion
and communicate your desire. That you'd like to go with them.
Instead, you went like a bulldozer, voicing your opinion like he's some kid. He
doesn't need another mum, a dad or a sister. The moment you behaved that way,
is the moment he became defensive and replied the following to you...
"He expressed how important this was to him and that it is worth any risks,
which was enough to make me feel better, or at least at ﬁrst. In my mind he is
an adult and can make his own decisions, and doesn't need my permission to
wipe his own ass.."
So this is a communication problem from your side.
You went and approached it logical, with talk about risks, safety rather than being
open and honest in saying....
"I'd really like to go on this trip with you and your friends, sounds fun!"
I doubt he will say yes because no matter if you're his girlfriend, you'll never be
one of the guys. He probably just want to go with his pals and his friends will
probably say..
"No way man. This is about us guys going on a trip. It was planned."
5.6k Views · View Upvoters

Did he lead me on? Or do I just fall too easily?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Funny isn't it when a guy does exactly same as most women do, he's labelled as a
player. This is why most guys don't even bother sometimes with dating stuﬀ.
There was nothing he did wrong. Nothing whatsover. He was having fun, ﬂirting
and women ﬂirt too for fun, boredom, for attention. Shall we call them players,
sluts, whores too?
He doesn't remember because people ﬂirt for many reasons. One of them to
overcome awkwardiness, anxiety, ﬁll space in small talk, lessen the dead silence
and awkwardiness of meeting someone new.
There was nothing there but small talk. We can even call it socialising, being
friendly and here we got some calling this guy player.
This guy isn't a player. He's just a guy who was being polite, nothing else.
You assumed it all in your head and that's problem with looking for signals. Many
women look for signals and then when guy don't do anything, they call him a
player or "leading me on."
Not really.
He was just being polite to pass time and converse.
He doesn't remember because that's all it was.
He would have remembered if you asked him out right there and then. You'd ﬁnd
out if it is a yes or no than looking for signals and assuming anything.

It's not that you fall too easily as I don't believe about too easy, too slow, and all
labels most use which makes dating frustrating.
It's just you base things without facts.
If you like a guy then be proactive in asking than looking for siganls because
anyone who does fears rejections. They wear social mask due to fearful of not
being validated, approvaled, liked and accepted.
The fear of...rejection.
Happens a lot with women and guys.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a platonic relationship might turn into
something more?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the biggest mistakes most guys and women do is look for some signals
when these can be deceiving at their best.
The only way you will know is when you approach and ask the person out for
coﬀee but be cleary to show intent.
So let's assume it's a guy who is a friend with a woman, then he will say as just an
example...
"Before I knew you I wasn't sure but since I got to know you, I ﬁnd you attractive,
but I like to ﬁnd out more about you over coﬀee."
You have mentioned clearly you're attracted to her and you have no shown
interest. You are now ﬁnding out if she will show interest too. If the answer is no,
you have found out she doesn't.
If answer is she is not ready for relationship, answer is still no. It is not clear
intent to show interest in you. If answer is too busy then again she has not shown
intent of interest in you.
Only when she says yes and you date then you know.
So don't look for signals and don't send them either but approach. Show clear
intent and this is honesty and you will ﬁnd out.
Now if you see, but she's my friend and I don't want to ruin it blah blah, well,
that's a risk one takes. There's risk in anything.
You have to decide whether you want to regret not taking action or to risk taking
one but either way - you won't ﬁnd out until you ask.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Can a man fall in love after one fun, innocent night at the
beach?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's attraction not love. Attraction is the ﬁrst stage in which a guy is sexually
attracted to someone who they see instantly - or - they met, had fun
with...whether on beach or somewhere else. It's not love.
This is what we call desire. In fatuation. Lust. Attraction.
310 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl tells a you that you will be a good
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, you're a nice guy and you'll be a great boyfriend but not for her. Reason
being is you probably spent way too much time with her, to such, you have
become familiar, too available and she thinks she knows enough to decide you're
not the type of boyfriend for her.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ahmed

I'm a 24 year-old single woman without any experience in
dating and relationships. Am I missing out on something?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately it won't change if you are not proactive. I'm sure you have heard it
many a times already to approach guys.
But like most women this is what you fear..
1. The guy might not be single
2. You approach some guy and their girlfriend pops up.
3. You're fearful of conﬂict due to the above
4. You fear being ostracised by other women and rejections
Well, imagine then how guys like me do it. I approach and sometimes their
boyfriend appears and no big deal. It's not going to stop me approaching other
women and it hasn't. Not my problem if a guy got some bitchy attitude.
Or I'll even approach women and they themselves have some attitude but the
more I approached women...the more yes I get.
Now, it's really up to you.
Yes, I know, I know, you will give me all kinds of, how you did this, did that and so
on. It's nothing new.
What I am saying is this...
Yes, you are missing out something and it's not going to change because from
what I see from many women - they say they want something but then give
reasons. Reason I've mentioned above.
If you want more of what you want, then you will need to do what is
uncomfortable and do so many a times.
It's how it is in the world we live in.
The ones who take the risks and get burnt sometimes but keep going, will get
what they want. If that is, they learn and know how to do it better.
But some won't because some don't want that pain, the hassle, the awkwardiness,
conﬂict, to cockblockers, the social pressure, and all sorts coming at you;
including women calling guys pervs, creeps, players and so on.
Much of which impacts many men to approach women. Well, except guys like
myself because I don't give a damn what society thinks if I approach a woman. Or
if a woman acts with some attitude.
Things we men had to face when approaching women.

It's why some settle for less. It's why some don't get what they want because they
give up far too easily. It's why some wait...wait...wait.
I understand why and this is not about why.
You know why and yes, you are missing on something. You know you are. You can
feel it and you wish you had more dates to go on.
So it is up to you.
You do same thing over again and you will get what you got right now. Probably
worse because you will start to hide more, not smile, ﬂirt or do anything. It will
get less and less for you to do anything until you don't bother anymore.
Until....you settle for...less.
Or you just bite the bullet and go and do it.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl sends a random text about some online quiz, then asks
how your day went. Then you and her text for two hours, does
she like you? What is up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is up is why are you texting for two hours and you haven't asked her out?
That's what's up mate. The reason I say this are as follows..
Girls do things for other reasons than being into a guy..
1. For fun
2. Bored
3. To get a response for ego
4. See if they can get your attenton to see if they got the magic
5. To feel important
So if you like a girl but you don't get down to it, well, you could be emotionally
investing tons of time, eﬀort on a girl who isn't even interested in you. She's just
doing this for the above reasons - and - you won't be the only guy either.
What you do is what I do...I qualify.
I see what her level of interest is so I know where I stand and she is at.
Only way to ﬁnd out is cut to the chase.
666 Views · View Upvoters

Is it rude to pass a question without telling why on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. It's not rude. I do it a lot because most of the questions though it's important
to asker, it's just not something I want to put time to answering. Sometimes the
one asking the question hasn't put a lot of thought into the question or it's a
question I've answered many a times.
Sometimes, the question is just irrelevant for me to answer because one is asking
"woman-what do you think,.." or just I can't be bothered answering a question
due to the question itself.
Also, some of the questions are either rude or wanting an argument. I can bloody
tell which ones they are. So I don't bother and press pass.

I also like a challenge so if the question isn't challenging for me in a certain area I
like then I just pass. You don't have to answer all questions or even say why if you
press pass.
I know I don't. I'm also not in a race or to win awards.
Just enjoying answering when I got time. Busy life you see. Quora ain't my life ;)
193 Views · View Upvoters

My ex blocked me and unblocked me from WhatsApp and
continuesly plays that game. What does this means?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So, it was thursday and it's been 4 days since I met an attractive woman at a
festival. I got her number but deep down, I knew something. Call it experience.
Call it instinct. Call it whatever one likes to call it.
She may say she's shy but she's going to play some games.
Patterns. When you have dated, in and out, gone through many experiences,
interacted with tons of people - you can see through the mask it's clear as day.
Here's how it played..
Me text - Hey, was great meeting you at the festival. Have a great travel back home
to your city.
Her text (5 days later) - Hey, thanks. Sorry was so busy. Blah blah. Yes, it was great.
Then it lead to some text back and forth, very brief but her waiting like 3 days, 4
days bs kind of things. And when a woman does this I cut to the chase..
Me - So I met an attractive woman at the festival. Got her number. She said she's
shy, so what's best way to ask her out ;)
Her - Oh, it can be hard work
Me - Just say yes to blah blah and we'll take it from there
Her - Ooh I can't say that
Guess what happens next?
No more text from me. Deleted her number and....blocked it too. Done, dusted.
By, bye. She can play hard to get, or not interested game, or busy game. Whatever.
Not with me.
You see, no one can play a game on you except by your permission.
By your interaction. By your own need, desire for validation, acceptance, or
hunger for response. It worked for your ex. It got you thinking, looking, asking,
wondering and even posting a question here about.
So you want to get out of the BS game most play?
Then do yourself a favour.
Don't play. Block, delete, move on.
9.1k Views · View Upvoters

If my boyfriend doesn't trust me even though I never gave him a
reason not to, how long should I take his accusations?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, there is no use asking "how long should I take this accussations?" because it
seems to me, you're still wanting to be with him.
So the question should be...
"How can I help him with his insecurities because he doesn't trust me even
though I have no reasons him to."
If that is so, then there are support agencies like counselling to help work out his
own insecurities. It looks like he's projecting his own past experiences. Maybe he
was cheated on in the past or maybe he has some perception about women or
whatever it is, then it's his problem.
You can lead him to get some counselling advice. Talk to him ﬁrst and
communicate that he needs to sort this out and you're there to be with him to get
it sorted.
But appreciare that this is his problem not yours, his insecurities and if he has
this for a long time - it may take a long time or it might now work because most
people live in denial. They don't like going for help because it is admitting they
themselves have a problem.
If he is unwilling to sort his shit out then...leave him and saying "I can't because I
love him" is personally you saying, "Ok then I'll just take this shit through my life
with him" and if so...well, that's your life.
You decide because it's you who will be facing the music.
5 Views · View Upvoters

Would you be comfortable with meeting new people
(individuals or in groups) to attend an event of interest?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Throw me in there. I'll get the party going for real. Probably make some
people awkward because I'm conﬁdent and go oﬀ saying hi to everyone of them
while grinning my head oﬀ.
Before I forget, I'm suppose to be an introvert and shy but I didn't let these two
deﬁne me. I thought, "what the heck"
Very diﬀerent to guy I was years ago.
So yes, I will be comfortable, even if I didn't met or knew them before.
But then again - I'm the guy who approaches women who I never known in my
life, in the street, supermarket, cafes and night club to say hi, and chat, and ask
them out. Approaches sales people, walk in stage to do public speaking.
174 Views · View Upvoters

I am sick of being too nice, but I don't know how to change. I
want to change, how do I do that?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't really need to change but use the tools you are already gifted with.
Change is like you got to suddenly do a 180 degrees to be a diﬀerent person with
diﬀerent personality.
So let's look at a moment.
What it is you do have and need to use more of:
1. Know your core values.

2. Know boundaries to set.
3. And know why and how
When you know what you want in life, what inspires you but also what line you or
no one else cross over - you can ask why.
If you did cross the line and if you let someone cross the line - how does it impact
you and what you want to achieve?
What does it take you away from?
How will it prevent you from achieving whatever you want in life?
You get to see the why and becomes easier to say no.
You have a goal, you got purpose, and you rather align yourself with people who
help you with those values but also people who don't try to abuse your time etc. It
gives you the insight to stop saying yes so fast, look at what you're doing and then
make a strong solid win-win decision.
The reason why we won't take this approach...
3. Ego. Social mask.
Ego comes from fear and it gets you to wear a social image mask. It's goal is to
seek approval, validation, acceptence, to be liked and ﬁt in.
We do it because we fear some kind of loss. It is also done to avoid some kind of
discomfort. The discomfort that someone might not like you, get sulky, get upset
and dissappear. That we will lose something and be alone.
Detache from being liked, validated, approved and follow your core values
politely.
Knowing why you do things at a deeper unconscious level enables you to always
be self aware of why you make decisions.
In doing so, you will ﬁnd such mindset will push some people away and that's
ﬁne - but it will also drawn in people who genuinely appreciate you're busy, you
have choice to say no and they will ﬁnd another way.
Be strong in your decision, do not be easily inﬂuenced by others because most
will try to but that's their perception. They want to because of what's in it for
them.
So know yourself and be conﬁdent in yourself.
You can still be nice, polite.
When you don't need validation, approval, acceptance then you won't care if
someone thinks it's selﬁsh.
1k Views · View Upvoters

How do relationships happen?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The social norm (which by the way I don't follow much) is a guy supposedly likes
a woman and then approaches her, ﬂirts awkwardly, teases awkwardly and she
laughs at his crappy jokes, awkwardly ;)
Then numbers get exchanged.
Afterwards, they wondering,

"should I text ﬁrst, or should I wait for 24 hours and 32 minutes to text and say
hi?"
"But what if it shows I am too easy, slut, whore?"<<< the woman
"But what if she thinks I'm seeing her as nothing more than sex" << the man
"for Pete's sake just text" <<< says Adam as he bangs his head on the wall.
When one of them takes the brave step for human kind, they hopefully or one of
them says, "let's meet, go out blah blah."
Then when they do it usually..
"I want to kiss her but what if she says we're moving too fast?" << The guy
"I want to rip his clothes oﬀ and bang on this table right now but.." << says the
woman
And so the ongoing back and forth social wearing masks continues and if they are
lucky, getting past their own insecurities, the bed time stories of how it suppose
to be, the Hollywood movies on how she will be swept of her feet, and how it
suppose to be this ﬂashing light that hits them both.....THEN they meet again.
Or if they so not arsed by the social norms, they'd smile, grin, have this "oh this is
on" then get in car, speed to the house and bang each other senseless....which by
the way...rarely happens EXCEPT when both have gone through a lot in life and
really don't give a damn what anyone thinks anymore.
So....there are no rules on who approaches who ﬁrst.
It is just stigma in society, social conditioning and a whole lot of BS but
depending on who you are - if you're not so inclined to wait and don't give a damn
about social pressure...go ahead and approach.
I, in the other hand, always approach women because I'm not going to wait.
If a woman approaches me, then pigs are ﬂying through the sky, Justin Bieber has
stopped singing and writing new songs, and Taylor Swift has stopped fallen in
love the 10o times and writing songs about it.
So I always approach, lead, ﬂirt, tease, push it in ways most guys daren't and
where society would think..
"Holy shit Adam. You cocky, arrogant dude. You just think about sex."
Nah, I'm just a man who cannot be bothered pretending I am not attracted to the
woman I see and rather get to the point. If she can't get to point and thinks fate
suppose to be written for us to be together...then I know she's the one I won't be
dating anymore.
Getting to the point is where you'll ﬁnd diﬃcult.
Why?
Because of all the games, which so many deny exist, like the sun don't exist, and
the moon don't exist and we buy brand products because we so want to fork out
lots of money for something we can get for less than the damn packaging ;)$
And mostly due to our own insecurities of doing things to be accepted, liked,
validated and avoiding discomfort.
I would say, don't take it serious. Don't over think it.
Just approach, have fun, tease, ﬂirt, and if you want, go ahead ask the guy for his
number. If he's so taken back, well, he's not much of a guy or is not interest. Keep
going, until you get a guy and just relax.

If you're still dating, after 6 months to a year....met his friends, and probably his
close friends, maybe relatives....you're in a relationship.
Does all this sound complicated?
Not as complicated as the damn Tax forms we have to ﬁll in ;)
One thing for sure, it never just happens. You do need to be proactive, approach
and work need to be done in relationships.
As you get to know someone you will see their ﬂaws, they will see yours and
through test of time, you will see if you do get along. You will overcome
challenges together, misunderstanding, conﬂicts etc.
It's growing together.
It doesn't just happen.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl but I don't know how to tell her. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whatever you do, do not confess feelings to her about love, devotion, how when
you saw her for ﬁrst time you fell in love with her.
You know, the usual nonsense guys watch on movies, read in novels. Especially
their mummy stories of a knight who pledges his devotion and love to the
princess. Yes, in the movies, romance novels, and comics, that's all well and good.
But in real world, you'll be so screwed and zone your ass deep into the antartic by
your own doing.
Plus, do not write letters of love, gifts, signal messages by text and for pete
sake....do not do what most chumps due to bad advise and neediness...
"I want to be her friend to get close to her" bs.
Why do we as men don't confess our love, feelings in the beginning?
You don't say anything about being friends or approach that way because it's not
honest. It's what so many do due to fear of rejection.
Second in regards to confessing love, devotion, love letters, gifts....
Because you will creep her out. You will make it awkward. It is selﬁsh because it's
just you thinking...what you feel is good enough for both of you.
It isn't and it will never be so.
It's just an idea in the head of stories, fantasies and grandueur of love. Lots of bs
we tell ourselves but she doesn't know you in...that way. She hasn't said she's
interested in you, hasn't emotionally invested time to show it, nor dated you, no
got intimate, nor time span of a year or two with you both overcoming barriars
together.
So...it is immature, and it is done by guys who can't hold their emotions together
but also lack of experience on this matter.
What do you do?
1. Approach in a light hearted fun manner. Don't get too serious. Flirt, tease,
converse. This shows conﬁdence and it allows to remove awkwardiness.
2. First ﬁnd out if she REALLY someone to date.

3. Find out ﬁrst, if she is interested in you.
4. If she is willing to put the eﬀort in to date you or she's going to play hard to get,
and do all sorts of bs moves which by the way be the ﬁrst reason why you don't
bother with her if she does so.
That means, in a processs.
a) You approach without making her “the one.”
b) You be fun, ﬂirt, but not too much and then…
c) Ask her out
d) If she gives ambigous answer don’t chase her and ask her out again
e) If she doesn’t say YES or behaves in a manner she is eager to date you but tries
to play oﬀ in not answering the question, move on. Don’ ask her out again
Because if you continue when she didn’t put eﬀort in in saying yes and behaving
all play hard, being all ambigious, confusing you, letting you wait, days and
weeks, she is playing games.
This gives room, that if she’s nervous or whatever, you give her that space to sort
herself out, her emotions out and it also shows you’re not someone who sees her
as the one and you going to move on anyway. If she does realise she fucked up she
will ask you out and if she doesn’t, her loss.
5. If you ﬁnd out all is ok and you are conﬁdent that you'd like to date her then let
her know you're interested by asking her out for a drink. Be completely clear..
"I think you're attractive but good looks are common (PAUSE AND SMILE). I like to
know you better over a coﬀee (drink, whatever).
You have shown you're attracted to her. You have show intent clearly but you also
said, there must be more to her than her looks. You'd like to know.
If she says she don't know you then be conﬁdent and reply..
"That's what going out together is for. To know one another a bit more. I'm not going
to waste time chasing. So if you're interested great. If not, let me know now."
A guy who is clear and who is willing to walk away if someone plays hard to get or
if showing lack of interest is a guy who has self worth. He has self respect. He's
not someone's caddy, waiting for a girl to take her shot.
Either now or you move on and do so politely.
Now, when you date a girl, for sometimes, she has emotionally invested in you,
got intimate, sexually too, a time span has gone by.
NOW when you say any of the...the lovey stuﬀ.....she will see it diﬀerently...
1. You're mature
2. You mean it
3. It's believable
4. She sees it's about her and not really your dick and seeing her ass, tits that gets
you talking because a time has gone by, intimacy, investment from her side too.
That is why she will not think you're immature, naive, or a player.
Instead she probably think...
"He means it because he hasn't said that to me UNTIL he got to know me, dated me,
we have become intimate with each other, sexually too, and gone through time
together. He said it one-two years not at the very start like some needy creepy guy."
Also you know you're saying for the right reasons.

It's not lust or infatuation. You're not promising some crazy things out of
emotions. You mean what you say and that's really what a girl who is into you
wants. You mean it and not saying it due to infatuation.
What if she rejects?
Good. You found out what you need to know. You move on. No, you don't wait.
You move on and approach someone else.
A no is a no. I don't care if she's busy, isn't ready for relationship, don't know.
Desperate guys will tell you to wait and chase, whatever, blah blah blah.
You think a guy of self worth waits?
You think a guy who knows planet full of girls waits?
Not a chance. I don't.
If she doesn't show interest, eﬀort then..
She does not qualify for your attention, time or any other eﬀort. It's done. She has
not shown true interested so don't bother. Move on and focus on approaching
other girls.
The Beneﬁts and Consequences...
Understand and appreciate girls/women like guys got fears. They assume a lot in
their head about someone. We all do.
So you confessing can trigger something of fear, anxiety and the brain will
automatically step in even if she is interested to get her to say no.
Also, in people's minds they have a pattern.
A pattern that says what's true, what makes sense and so, if you go against this
pattern of social norms, it also creates conﬂict in their mind. So if a guy
approaches talking about love then social norm dictates and their experience that
this guy is immature. This guy probably wants just sex.
This guy is naive. This guy wants this and that.
All these is in her mind and you need to know the behavior to not do and words to
not say like love, devotion but to not be serious in the beginning.
Also this pattern is same as most typical average guy does and so her mind or
mind girls will think, "ok. I will treat this guy this way and that way."
What about consequences of giving and buying gifts?
When you give gifts, early on then you're trying to impress and buy aﬀection.
You're saying you are not enough for her to say yes. You're in a sense buying her
out and she will see it that way.
You attract the wrong type too. You don't do that in beginning. You wait until
time has past, you've dated, she has emotionally invested in you for sometime.
If you confess in beginning about love, devotion, then you're creating
awkwardiness, you will be seen as creepy and you probably sound desperate. It's
immature and there is nothing in there for her to believe in your words.
You can slam door shut before she gets to know your personality in beginning as
you ﬂirt, tease, converse because you cannot hold your emotions. Men control
their emotions and do not say such words so easily for any woman. Until she has
emotionally invested and things have occurred through a span of time.
If you don't invest lots of time staring at a girl day by day, for a year as you ﬁll
your head with stories of love - and - approach immediately - then if she rejects it

be easier for you to move on.
If you wait if a girl doesn't give a strong reply..you lose out big time.
You're hanging around, orbiting, waiting for someone who doesn't know what
they want and isn't decisive. You're putting everything on hold.
You lose time and you're life is on hold.
That's why I say don't wait. You want 100% clear reply. "Yes."
If you do what most guys do, the typical average guy who fears rejection and who
puts girls on a pedestal - then you will have invested time, emotions thinking
about her. Creating lots of stories.
All it was is an idea and all it were was you pumping the desire to something
based on nothing else but your feelings.
So when rejections does happen...it will hurt you.
It will be diﬃcult to move on.
Approach immediately and you lessen the pain if rejections happens.
133.4k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

Why don't guys like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why don't guys admit they like me or ﬁnd me attractive?

Could be many reasons. Here's a few.
1. They don't really see and ﬁnd you attractive
2. They rather not pump a girl's ego
3. They heard so many times girls saying, "guys only think about sex," and
imagine many girls saying that...so why would they now compliment?
4. They heard "guys are pervs, creeps, always staring at my ass, body.." so why
would they say to girls/women are attractive to their face?
5. They've heard many a times "guys are players," and "watch it with those who
compliment because they players."
We guys hear that so many damn times from girls/women in society so then we
think, "forget even bothering with complimenting. Moment we do, they think
we're players and blah blah.."
Like the way girls/women won’t approach and say to a guy..
"Hey sexy."
"Hey, I like you, let's go out and date"
"I think you're attractive. Like to go for a drink."
Same reasons.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend lied to my face, is it time to break up with him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Probably got angry because of feeling embarrassed or felt judged, or caught
ﬂirting etc. Knee jerk reaction. How about wait until he calms down and have a

good talk...communication. You may ﬁnd you both grow from it.
Or you may ﬁnd you don't.
But do talk, ﬁnd a way to like communicate and if nothing, well, you can decide
then. Take your time though, don't rush decisions like this,
Seen far too many breakups over this and they back asking.."how do I get my ex
back because..."
725 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when you have dreams about a girl you used
to like and she likes you back in the dream?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means..
1. You need to create options by approaching women.
2. Get busy dating other women
3. Get laid
3. Now your attention is focused elsewhere.
;)
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

Question That Assumes Omniscience: On a great, long date, we
kissed. Later, he texted, saying he'd had fun and was glad we
met, but made no mention another date. Is he interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My thoughts would be to reply..
"I had fun too. Let's do it again. How about next week wednesday or thursday."
Stop looking for signals and all that. Just get down to it and ﬁnd out from him.
Communication. None of us here will know.
We're smart people here but we're not mind readers.
We will be when we evolve to super beings if ever that happens ;)
415 Views · View Upvoters

Why do some ugly girls truly believe that they are beautiful?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's probably why I date 'ugly' girls more than dating attractive girls. They believe
they are beautiful than the bloody damn drama I get with most attractive girls..
"Does my ass look too small in this dress?"
"I just feel I'm not good looking."
"Blah blah blah blah."
So for me, if a girl is average kind of looking to what mainstream pumps out
everyday in magazine covers and music videos - and she's conﬁdent, thinks she's
beautiful....it's going to be refeshing.
Show me where she is, and I'll ask her out.

I bet I'll have so much fun with her and probably and good time conversation. She
might even kick ass when it comes to sex with such conﬁdence too than..
"I erm..don't want to be naked with lights on.."
Cause contrary to belief from these Hollywood movies, most attractive woman
are insecure and crap in bed. Real crap. Don't let me even go there when it comes
to conversation part.,
Just make sure she's in london and leave the rest to me ;)
UPDATE. I am saying 'most.' Please it as I'm not saying every attractive woman is
insecure.
But also appreciate the following.
1. When you're attractive you get compliment on how attractive you are.
2. You are seen as friendly due to halo eﬀect, the good looks and so forth.
3. Imagine this for years and now, you thrive and hunger for the validation,
approval, the compliments to such a level, you wear a social mask which is all
about seeking what you had before. The attention.
4. So one deﬁnes themselves as the 'look' but not everything else, like social skills,
real conversation, and things that are not easy to do, isn't about manipulation,
but takes work to do.
If you look at my replies to comment you'll where my thoughts of this comes
from. I work with many attractive people, men and women, in regards to dating,
jobs, relationships. So I am talking from my experience and sure, one can ask
about rationality.
The rationality that he or she who has more in looks is more conﬁdent and has
more to gain.
But consider, that there is more to lose when you wear a persona, a social mask
comes from fear of loss. The loss of attention. The loss of compliments. So one
who has more in looks does not necesary mean they have more but rather, more
to lose.
Hope that clariﬁes why I am answering in this way.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters

What's the best way to answer when a girl asks you how many
women you've slept with this year?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Notice it doesn't say "girlfriend" on the question from when I answered. Even
she's a close friend I still think it's none of her business.
She's testing your frame. Have fun replying back because last time that
happened...this is how it played...
Girl - So Adam, how many women you've slept with you
Me - Holy shit woman. We haven't dated, paint the town and you're already
thinking about sex. You got one dirty mind (grins)
Girl - OMG! No, I was just..
Me - You was just counting? Seeing people as sex objects and numbers. You
women these days are seriously oﬀ your rockers.
Girl - Hahaha. Ok, so you're not going to answer

Me - I will if you tell me when was the last time you masturbated, where, and
how? Well...I'm waiting.
She didn't answer and walked away and text me in evening to meet....at her
house. It wasn't for coﬀee ;)
3k Views · View Upvoters

Do rebound relationships ever work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Someone can be leaving a relationship right now and it won't be their ﬁrst but
their 5th and ﬁnd themselves dating someone in a weeks time.
But the diﬀerence between this person than most is he/she doesn't deﬁne their
relationship as a rebound. He/she doesn't fall for the many labels most speak of
and by the way - most labels created from fear.
I know friends as an example, who came from one relationshop and two days
later started a new one, and they been in that same relationship for years.
None of them labelled themselves or relationship as rebound.
That's the diﬀerence here.
I ﬁnd most successful also in dating do not label dates as dates. They just don't
deﬁne but enjoy what they have and live life one step at a time. They don't project
past negative experiences to the new relationship or let it manipulate their
decision. Something very diﬃcult to do as most people do that.
They are very experienced, mature and they are not chasing for approval,
acceptance or to deﬁne something. They are also not in a hurry to please
someone but want to see who the other person really is.
What makes a relationshop work has nothing to do with rebound or many of the
labels we hear today.
It has to do with mindset, experience, understanding - added with a lot of other
factors like - maturity, overcoming insecurities, fear, communication challenges,
qualifying a person they like before jumping in just like that. To a host of other
stuﬀ that are....internal but inﬂuenced externally too because most people wear
social ego masks.
Social Masks that is all about seeking validation, acceptance, to be liked instead
of making sure the person they want to date, be in relationship with is for the
right reasons.
When one wears such mask, they mess up much more than when they don't
because they seek validation, pity, or when they try so hard to impress someone.
What I feel one needs to learn is to be emotionally strong dating someone and
any deeper relationships tests you. There are challenges, breakups,
dissappointments and also heartaches.
It happens.
When it works it's not down to one thing and when it doesn't, it's not down to one
thing.
3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Erik-Michael Grant

Is it normal my girlfriend isolates me from her friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only reasons she isn't opening up for you to meet her friends could be any of
these....
1. She's not ready for them to meet you.
2. She's not sure about you.
3. She's not sure of having a future with you.
4. She doesn't want anyone else or someone in her social circle to know.
5. She likes someone else and is gradually trying to move in to get him interested.
Either she doesn't want someone in that group to know or she don't want you to
know about someone in that group.
So have a talk with her but don't expect her to tell you the truth especially after
hearing her reasons which is complete nonsense.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Podwall Store and Quora User

My crush wants nothing to do with me and is ignoring me. Men
don't like me except for sex. I have never been in a relationship.
I have it all; I'm attractive, I have a master’s degree, and an
outgoing personality. Why is nobody interested in me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"No man is interested in me(except for sex)."
It is true, no doubt about it and any guy or woman says other wise are deluded.
That from the very beginning, in our DNA we see sexual attraction ﬁrst.
We see curves, we see attractive ﬁgure, we see how you dress, we see smile. That's
what we see ﬁrst and that is what will get our attention ﬁrst.
But later we see something else - experience, personality, maturity, experience in
sex too and a lot of other things.
One guy you sleep with immediately isn't the problem. Because you can sleep
with a diﬀerent guy immediately and some will stay with you, be with you.
Every guy is diﬀerent.
For example, just because I have sex with a woman on ﬁrst date doesn't mean I'm
going to dissappear. Every guy is diﬀerent. I look at long-term, I feel for woman I
date, I like fast...decide fast, moving fast but that doesn't mean if I do sleep with a
woman on ﬁrst date or whenever -I'll suddenly dissappear.
Generalising men is dangerous and personally, it's not attractive if I hear girls say
that. Most guys will self worth will run away from girls who speak like that,
However, you will ﬁnd some guys who will sleep with girls and dissappear.
Same with girls/women too.
You won't know that reason. It could be lack of compatibility. It could be
something happened we don't know. It could be he met someone else. It could be
anything and you'll never know.
What you will know is there is no use downing yourself, seeing yourself as not
special, and to focus on you. Focus on seeing everything as an experience to learn
from.

Most of us guys have dated girls, and the girl doesn't want to know next day.
Do we say, "Oooh the girl only wanted sex. Oh, I'm not good enough."
I know I don't.
Instead my mindset, "Ok. She's not the one. Not my problem she can't see who I
am for real. Moving on."
Many of us guys gone through this many a times as teens and even as adults. We
don't let these or anyone deﬁne us.
Instead of seeing yourself as not special and deﬁning yourself as just sex; how
about you focus on yourself. Focus on qualifying the type of guys you date.
You deﬁne yourself and not let this get you down
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

I don't know what is easier, to try to ﬁnd a new 'ﬂirt' / girlfriend
or just wait till it's going happen?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Nothing is really easy when it comes to dating. Most will try to tell you it is by
usual rhetoric about wait until it happens. When the right time comes she will
appear. You know the usual stuﬀ most were past down by others before them to
romance novels, magazines and hollywood movies.
You take any of these guys and women who say this and say..
"Ok. there. See all these women, now show me how."
They can't because they don't know how. All they got is "wait for the right time."
They be sitting at bar, table doing nothing.
I'm talking from experience.
From every person who said all that and I bring them along to show me how and
they can't. They don't know how to. Then I ﬁnd out they waited for years and met
their partner from their own social circle or a friends social circle.
Don't take much doing that.
Then they expected me to believe their nonsense about the right time, the right
moment, the right person will appear, it is fate, destiny blah blah.
I had to go on my own and just do it to ﬁnd out most I heard is nonsense.
This is real life not hollywood or novels who make tons of money creating hope.
They make tons of money creating sexual tension. Billions of dollars of niches
ready to sell to people to believe in the romance of wait and it will happen. To
ﬁnd so many frustrated they hit the night clubs spend tons to ﬁnd courage to
approach, porn videos, romance novel, movies and just....hope.
People love these stories because they can experience without going out and truly
face the pain, rejection, and work they need to do.
It's not easy because these things need someone to go out and be proactive but
also to have the social skills, conﬁdence and stuﬀ they should have really got
down way back.
I ﬁnd what is missing the most and again from past experience, is guys think
about going to ﬁnd a girlfriend but they haven't even sorted their own life out.
They have no passion, interest and don't go and build their world.

I ﬁnd when I did that, I didn't have to always approach woman in street, in night
clubs or use dating websites. These were just additional resources. In doing my
own thing I was about to meet tons of women, many girls and it wasn't diﬃcult to
demonstrate leadership, people know me, attractive qualities.
But most guys expect for me to hand them a book about dating and yet, there is
so much about a man, he needs to sort out. His goals, his purpose, his passion, his
mindset, he's own social life which by the way is non-existent for some because
they either online pratting about or computer games, or hide at home.
It's not going to happen by waiting and you will know why if you understand the
way it is for girls, women in society today.
Don't let that "the 21st century" bs delude you and "equal pay."
In the dating scene, you rarely see girls/women approach guys in street, night
clubs, book stores, college or school because there is still stigma on who
approaches ﬁrst. Girls/women fear being judged, ostracised by society and their
social groups but also damage is done by immature guys too who play around
using words...labels to look cool and increase their social status.
Guys also fear rejection.
Today, there is so much political correctness, if you even say hi to a woman these
days, they start judging you as a player, creep, perv.
Most girls, women are not even approachable.
Fear. Head down when walking, texting..texting...no smiling, no eye contact then
wonder why guys don't approach, "is it because I am not attractive."
If you want to know more details on tje psychology which I won't get into much
here, read books on the history of sex, how religion and even mainstream media,
literature and other tools to see where the social conditioning started and how it
impacts today in society.
The creation of shame, modesty, for sex, dating, courting.
Flirting is ok but it's no good if a guy does too much of it and doesn't get to the
point because if you don't - most can waste your time. Most girls/women ﬂirt for
fun, for attention, for ego, to feel good and all that.
How do you know who is really who?
So getting ﬂirting/teasing too much is no good. That's only there to break the ice,
to show conﬁdence, to remove awkwardiness but then you need to screen, ﬁlter
out who is really interested and who isn't.
Most guys waste to much time ﬂirting, texting too much, chasing too much, and
not being direct beause they fear rejection. They are attached to the outcome.
Then after months of doing so, or even a week of texting back, forth, back and
forth they ﬁnd out she's not interested. However, due to emotionally investing so
much time, they can't let go and get hurt real bad.
No matter what - in everything - if you wait...it's not going to happen.
You got to create the situation, be proaction, make it happen.
Girls/women are not going to approach you. It is very rare. It happens but it is
very rare.
231 Views · View Upvoters

Taken guy admitted that he liked me! What should I tell him?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, let's look at what happened but this was a girl talking to me. See it in your
context though...
Girl - I really like you
Me - How much?
Girl - A lot
Me - So much that you will go with me right now and screw each other like mad?
Girl - OMG! Hahaha. Erm, yes
Me - So much so, that you'd walk away with me............. EVEN if your boyfriend
who is right now, standing behind you, staring at you.
Girl - WHAT? HE IS?!?!
Me - No like I said to a girl before you, who has a boyfriend - you ge to feel what
it's like if you do get caught cheating
Girl - You £$%!%
Me - Hahahaha (walks oﬀ)
797 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when my ex took his current partner to the
city we used to live for traveling?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As human beings we have a history of places we have been to, familiar places,
places we know and so like most in our life....we are comfortable with a certain
pattern - familiarity.
So, he will go to places he used to go because it is easier for him to talk about it, to
go there, to show places he knows and be boss in doing so.
Now if he went to some place he doesn't know then it can be a bit diﬀﬁcult but
also, it can cause some stress. So the mind dictates the body about uncomfortable
things and so he took the least resistence - the place he already knows, been too,
experienced and so forth.
The familiarity even of getting a ticket, the journey steps, the pattern of entry, the
hotel, the places he once went to and so on. A pattern and the mind loves patterns
as it give it more comfort than something unknown...new.
Isn't really to do with a guy missing his ex, remembering his ex or anything most
will assume if they like looking for hints, signals because they haven't moved on
themselves.
I know many people who have broken up and with someone else and the guy or
woman, took their new partners to same place they used to travel, see,
experience. It's comfortable, less need to know new things, easier and more
enjoyable probably than some place new.
That's really it.
487 Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible for a person to lose feelings towards someone they
were attracted to in a week?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Dec 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Like a while back I was with a not so natural red head girl. Sorting out songs
and I was attracted to her. Then she says something and whooooooooooosh!
Attraction for me towards her goes down the toilet.
Gone. Dissappeared.
For me when a girl talks about past relationships, ex's it is a turn oﬀ. I cut the girl
oﬀ and don't bother. Or they do something I ﬁnd annoying and feel it will cause
problems later.
Yes, she did contact me again but I just lost interest, just didn't feel it anymore
that I just responded by with one word message. She got the hint and
dissappeared.
In attraction stage, the ﬁrst stage, it can dissappear. You can ﬁnd yourself really
liking someone but due to lack of emotional investment, you don't be forgiving as
much as if you dated for sometime and got to know each other well.
This was attraction stage and I had a few times where a woman said something,
did something, and it was gone. My gut instinct told me..
'Don't even bother. She's got issues, baggage. Nah. Forget this. Move on."
Or you met someone a day ago but met someone else who you're really more
attracted to. It happens.
And yes, it happened to me too as in where a woman is really interested then they
are not. I don't bother asking why. I just move on.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Dating in High School: A guy said "our friendship is like my
ideal relationship" but he said he likes someone else. does he
like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take it as a rejection. He doesn't like you enough. He's going for someone else. He
just wanted to let you down easily. It's a rejection.
54 Views

Girl had texted me random message, then we ended up texting
back and forth for 2 hours. Does she like me and was just using
a random text to talk?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Two hours. Two damn hours and you didn't even ask her out?
Like you haven't got a life or something. Mate....you could have asked her out in
those two hours and found out if she's a waste of time, just wants attention, or she
really is into you and does want to meet you.
Text is low investment. It's not a date. It really means nothing except when you
push it to see if she is for real or playing.
It is not suppose to be used for back and forth for two hours. It's suppose to be
used to build on attraction to lead to you getting her to go out with you for a
drink, a date, walk, whatever face to face.
648 Views · View Upvoters

Why is it when it comes to guys and cars we have to act like
we're car experts?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"They ALL immediately act like experts."
Well, it was only a week ago when a woman, girlfriend of a friend asked..
Her - Adam, my car is going a bit funny, can you have a look?
Me - I won't have a clue.
Her - You're man though
Me - Very observant of you ;). You should write for a magazine. With that kind of
smartness you'd win the noble prize.
Her - You $&*!%!
People sometimes just want to feel special, important, and so they suddenly want
to share their thoughts and opinions to you about your car.
Relax, take it all. Watch the drama.
148 Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Why do I feel I'm losing "control" bc I
tell my girlfriend I love her. I shouldn't be feeling this, why is
this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Take a look at what you wrote. Particular this part in bold...
"Why do I feel I'm losing control..."
Now we are getting to the disease, the root of the problem, the bitch of all bitches
that will mess you up in ways you cannot even imagine. I have men grovel over
woman, money, power, social status beause of....control.
You're version of love is not from love but from ego.
Ego is fear based.
So, whether you deny it or embrace what I'm saying, what you have just said is
you tell your girlfriend you love her because to get a response.
That's not love mate.
That's fear based.
This is your ego, social mask most guys and women wear. I can smell it from a far
and I know a man, not by what he says but how he says it.
The ego is a social image mask you wear with people around you
including...you're girlfriend. It is a mask to seek..
1. A response you desire like you are hanging on a thread
2. Acceptance
3. To be liked
4. To be loved
5. Validation

You think you're girlfriend don't know why you say those words and sees, feels,
how needy you are. That is why she replied..
"this isn't basketball you don't have to guard your I love you's lol..."
You fear of losing her.
This then creates jelousy, posssessiveness and most of all, all your words are
nothing more but to control.
This mask isn't your true self.
You're true self doesn't need to impress her.
You're true self doesn't want to control.
It wants to live in the present, right now.
You're true self does not fear the future but you do.
You fear the future.
You fear it so much about her and you, you got to say 'I love you" a lot.
Do yourself a favour...
Find a quite place.
Sit down and meditate and reﬂect not on the past nor of the future.
But bring yourself back, right back into the NOW. The present.
Enjoy the relationship you have right now and be honest, authentic or your
hunger to control...which comes from fear....will probably drive her away.
305 Views · View Upvoters

Whats it mean when a girl keeps talking to you about the same
guy she likes 24/7?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, you're wearing social mask, fear of losss and let her do that to be liked,
accepted, validated, instead of telling her to shut fuck up in a polite manner.
Anytime a girl even starts that I cut her oﬀ and tell her..
Me - Listen, don't talk about your problems, crushes, relationships with guys. I'm
not that guy to do that to. Go and talk to your friends, pals, relatives but not with
me.
You know you need to set boundaries and yet you don't.
So what do you expect if she don't know it annoys you. Some girl are not mature
or have no damn clue what to talk to guys. Or playing some dumb game.
So her talking about this is her.....trying to dictate the role that
you....are....a...friend.
Testing your frame. So stop thinking she is out of your league, ﬁnd your balls and
speak up.
Draw the line. Set the boundaries.
I know, I know "but what if she gets upset and thinks you're not much of a
friend?"
That again is social mask, fear of loss. You can't please everyone.

If you can't even set boundaries with friends then not much of friendship there.
People will take advantage if you don't set boundaries. Human nature.
784 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think? Was my boyfriend lying to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It really doesn't matter if he is lying or not. There is no trust in the relationship
and looks like it was going nowhere. If there is no trust then there's no
relationship.
Long distance at best are very diﬃcult.
The temptation of being able to do things anyway and accessing resources like
going out, seeing other girls, guys etc, is easy. So when the time span of not
meeting each other plus long distance it is very diﬃcult.
But from what I see, he doesn't seem bothered about the relationship. Words are
easy. You have to look at behavior and the behavior and his words are not
consistent at all.
All I see is words and his behavior is not even close to how he says he so loves you
and all that. You don't bank on words but actions and actions is non-existent with
him. It's seems convienient to him.
Easy to like photos, emails and say, "I love you."
Too easy.
110 Views · View Upvoters

How can one tell when a girl really means something she says
rather than just saying things to say them?

 http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/women-logic
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't. If she can't say what she means her damn problem. She found out the
hard way..
Adam Taha's answer to I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to
date me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast.
He told me it was okay but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
I even say this to women I date...
"I'm a guy who isn't into all this reading between the lines. So if you don't say
what you mean then expect me to not know what you mean or want. So no sub
communication. This isn't romance novel or hollywood. It's real."
Has worked great for me, even in relationships.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl but she says that she has a boyfriend, and told my
friend that she is single and the question here is, to whom is she
lying?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She said that to you to avoid awkwardiness and conﬂict. She's not interested in
you in that way. Girls have tried to say no but got hassled and so now, they have
armed themselves with many things like..

"I am not ready for relationship"
"I have a boyfriend"
"I'm not looking to date right now"
"I'm too busy for dating."
Meaning, they are not interested in you and that is really it. Take it as a no, no
matter what. Even if you think she's playing hard to get or whatever.
Take it as a no and she has had her chance.
Now approach other girls and give that chance to them because guys who chase
that "one" girl are guys who lack options. They haven't approached many girls
and so, the scarecity is now kicking in that
"OOoh, I got to change her mind. She might not be telling truth."
I approach this way...if she says anything of above, I don't give a shit. Its a no and
now she can go on her merry way and I am not going to waste my damn time,
chasing, thinking about her, emotionally investing time, eﬀort on her.
I'm moving on.
Planet is full of girls and I have tons of numbers ready.
Think of it this way..
Imagine youre a business guy. You're business lives on having customers who are
interested and take action. But what some desperate business guy does is they
spend time chasing that ONE person who isn't really interested.
Or that one person who is headache, can't make their mind up/
What does that do?
It takes the business guy away from the world ﬁlled with people who can be
interested in what he has to oﬀer but because he hasn't got his head out of ass, his
ego pushed aside, he is still chasing this one person.
Months go by, bills need to paid, rent is due and then after two months of trying
to chase, ﬁgure it out...the person says, "Oooh, not interested really."
But a smart person, a smart business man, a smart guy who wants to date girls
will ﬁll his pipe line...full by approaching many people and he will make sure he
has a qualifying system.
1. Approach
2. Interesed or not.
3. No. Bye, bye politely.
4. Move to the next.
Like a website. A marketer will not focus on one person but market to attract
hundreds to thousands of potential leads, people onto his website. His system
will now ﬁlter by looking at...the..behavior.
The marketer won't be looking for some excuses, or the prospect who does
nothing or waits but looks at data of the people who take action.
He then focuses on them.
Everyone else is not a priority.

He cannot aﬀord to waste time on someone who isn't decided and who doesn't
take action.
Sure they could be swmming on his website, looking, the way a girl who said no,
too busy, not looking for dating is still in your environment,
But he won't be looking at them but at the ones who said YES. He be approaching
many more.
So like dating, that is what you do and you will have many girls who are
interested and many who are not.
You focus on the ones who are interested and ﬁlter out the time wasters, the
playing hard to get, the girl who is a ﬂaker, until you get to the one who says..
"YES!"
Then you let go of the other girls. You don't delete their numbers but you focus on
this one girl - and you keep expanding your own social world.
Thats a mistake most guys do.
Centre their whole lives around a girlfriend and then when things go wrong, they
bitching about how they did this and that for her.
Keep building your social world of friends, many groups so you have resources.
If you keep going on with this one girl who is not interested for whatever reason you miss out in approaching girls who will be interested.
You lose out much more for waiting.
You lose out more much for chasing this one girl.
You will ﬁnd yourself like most chumps trying to impress a girl who will waste
your time and some girls, can play with you like a cat and mouse if you're needy.
If you don't back oﬀ from girls who do not qualify, want to know you, but they
love attention...you can get used and you'll be an emotional wreck.
That is why you don't bother with girls who say they got boyfriends, want to be
single, not into relationship.
It doesn't matter if it's true or not. She showed she's not interested and you don't
assume anything. You move on or you miss out.
Related Answers to Questions:
Adam Taha's answer to I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to
date me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast.
He told me it was okay but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
Adam Taha's answer to How do I tell a girl I like her and tell if she likes me?
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

This guy I like is giving me mixed and confusing signals. Is he
interested in a relationship at all?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Though this is about a guy, I still feel this answer will help.
I follow a simple rule and it has helped me always to never emotionally invest,
time, eﬀort and emotions..

1. Know where who to invest your emotions and time with. Qualify by asking
what you really want now, not tomorrow. Now...
Everyone has some problems in their lives but one thing I am not going to waste
my time in, whether texting, phoning, messages - is someone who is not over
their ex. The moment I hear anything about past relationship, ex, that, it's over. I
move on. Yes, sounds harsh but not my problem.
At the attraction stage you don't need to be forgiving to waste time. Do it now
before you invest anymore time to ﬁnd yourself deep in this mess.
2. Have standards
If the person even does things like dunk dual, block messages and all these dumb
games - I don't care if she's shy, introvert, whatever. It's over.
So before you fall head over heels....don't bother with this guy.
Move on because it will frustrate you even more. He's not ready for any kind of
relationship. Move on.
4 Views · View Upvoters

Why do people tell me I am good looking? When reality is I cant
even get girls I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like having a degree, it won't just get you the job.
Like a product. It won't just get you the clients.
Like a website. It won't just get you readers.
Like a large pool of ﬁsh somewhere. It won't get ﬁsh swimming to you.
Like being good looking. It won't get you the girls.
You have to know how to marketing yourself i.e. you got to be proactive daily,
consistently and know what you're doing to attract girls. That's not all. You got to
overcome barriars, inﬂuences, their perceptions and also know how to
demonstrate your best qualities in an attractive manner.
You have to go where the girls are and approach and overcome fear of rejections.
You have to do so, and learn how to do it better.
They are not going to walk up to you because you're good looks entitles you to
have girls approaching you. Even when people say you're good looking. It don't
mean a god damn thing when it comes to getting what you want.
My mates are good looking but they are not the ones attracting girls. I am. I'm the
one who is dating because I go out often, approach women, and yes, I get
rejections but I also get dates and have more fun.
You got to go to the world.
The world isn't coming to you. Including girls.
740 Views · View Upvoters

How do you deal with a girl who reads a lot?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Me - Hey, it's BOOK DAY! Here's $100 voucher.
Girl - OMG!

Me - Right, I'm going back to writing my new song. Have a great day buying
books!
That's what I do.
If I am dating a woman who is into whatever, I love to help her out even if she
don't need the help. That's the type of guy I am. I'd leave her to have her solitude
to do her own thing.
If it's a daugher, (by the way I am not married or have daughters, still dating
having fun) I'd do the same too.
Celebrate her awesomeness, whether it is being in her room doing some techie
stuﬀ or painting, or books. Whatever.
Great to see passion and someone into their stuﬀ.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Where can I ﬁnd attractive women that aren't money-grubbing,
materialistic, & high maintenance?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I doubt your intent was saying they are not out there. I think you believe such
women you seek are out there but, I like to share something...
My friend is looking here and there. He's staring at billboards and windows of
shops. I'm worrying because I've not seen him this way before.
Him - Man this is weird
Me - What is?
Him - Ever since my wife became pregnant I see TV shows about babies. I see
magazines about babies. I walk and I see billboards about babies or stuﬀ about
mothers. I sit on bus and I hear some folks talking about kids, babies, bringing
them up AND NOW it's EVEN ON BILLBOARDS. It's like I am in some matrix.
Me - Hahah. Nah man. All this, like what you see, the conversations you here as
always been there. You see, hear, what you focus on the most.
Him - What you mean?
Me - Ok. When I was looking for red heads for painting and before I hired naked
red head women models, I collected tons of photos. Photos of red heads. I would
go on Tumblr and collect tons and was practising in geting the colour right too for
the hair. Love the hair....
Him - And?
Me - Well, all the weeks of doing this ﬁlled my head with such information. So
much so. I walked outside and I kept seeing so many women, red head beautiful
women. I was like - 'where the hell were they weeks ago.'
It was like they just appeared but they didn't. They were already there but
because I wasn't really looking for red heads back then and my focus was other
things - my brain lazer focuses on what I focus on the most. I wasn't as attentive
on this before.
Conclusion..
There are many amazing, wonderful women who didn't give a damn about my
money. In fact, when I approach women and when we get to know, when we date,
have sex...they hardly know a damn thing regarding my income, money and all
that.

I was more of a guy who qualiﬁed women, who took time not to say what most
guys say to impress for pussy.
I became that way because I did meet women who are high maintenance, gold
diggers and mean - so I have experience to sort them fucking out if I ever meet
them. One of them is don't put pussy on a pedestal no matter who she is.
What I do now in present - is I go where my interest, passion and approach tons of
women. I don't fall in love like most guys do and all that BS. Instead I take my
time and I found through my own qualiﬁying method, I haven't be burnt ever
after doing that.
You'll ﬁnd them all over the place but instead of ﬁnding them, I see it as just
doing your own thing, work, passion, and when you see a woman to just
approach.
Give her a chance but also know what information to give out through the
processl have a qualifying process, give more time to know her and be alert to
your gut insﬁnct than her pussy and looks.
310 Views · View Upvoters

How do guys feel when a girl confesses to them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on guy and their maturity.
Personally, if a woman approaches me and says..
"Hi, I was just walking and saw you and had to come over to say you're attractive. I
like to get to know you more over coﬀee."
Then I'd look at her and think she has badass conﬁdence, socially sophisticated
and I'd admire her for not falling for the BS most women have fallen for. I know
it's going to be fun with fun with her.
I'd reply, if I am attracted to her..
"Thanks. Yes, that be great. What's your number and we'll sort it out or we can go
now for coﬀee as I wait for friends. If no, let's do it another time."
If I'm not attracted to her I'd say, "Thanks. I'm ﬂattered but I'm not interested."
I'm very blunt. Have to be as I don't like leaving any mixed signals and hope.
Now....if a woman approaches me and confesses love, devotion, then I'm not
going to admire her, respect her but see her as immature. I won't believe her
either.
Why?
Because she doesn't know me in that way even if she was a friend for 10 years. I
would really be dissappointed if she did that een if I liked her too because love is
a very big word.
We haven't dated, we haven't got to know each other intimately, and haven't
sexually. We haven't overcome challenges together as a couple, worked out many
conﬂicts through life and all sorts.
There hasn't been a duration of years with all these.
So I will be dissappointed and I will see it as, she isn't mature and will decline. It
be a turn oﬀ.

Sure, if I was 15 years old, thinking with my dick, I be so all over it with this talk
about love but I'm a man. I've grown.
I've been married before. Divourced. Gone full circle and I've seen love and I seen
the face of infatuation.
Even with myself. I do not say "love" to a woman likely. When I say it, I mean it
with all that is in me, which is why I do not say such words likely.
But if she said it after we have been dating for sometime, and gone through what
I've mentioned - I'll believe her words. I will see her words as genuine and I will
reveal more of myself too because of these words.
I will admire her courage for saying such words and even admire her more for not
saying it to get a response but she said it to say how she feels.
29k Views · View Upvoters

Can someone who didn't love you in the past start to love you
now?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was sunday and we were both sitting at the cafe drinking latte. I didn't confess
but did say I was attracted to her. Although I fell in love with her personality and
known her for a ﬁve years.
She said she didn't feel same way and I was ok about that.
And so I moved on and became successful in my life in a lot of things and one
day, 10 years later, I get a friend's request and it's her.
I was in two minds because I moved on but thought, "what the heck. Ok."
She told me after second message she has feelings for me, fell in love with me and
, 'I saw more into you now that I did before. I wish I said yes back then...'
I replied, 'Well, I don't feel the same way as I did before.'
'You don't?'
'No I don't.'
'But how can someone change even if years went by?'
'The way you changed from not being attracted to me in that way - to now telling
me you love me.'
'Couldn't we at least..'
'No. I'm ﬂattered. It was good to hear from you but I've moved on and it won't
happen. Sorry.'
So yes, it can happen where someone who didn't like or love you, change but
appreciate that the other person can change too. I grew. I found myself in a world
diﬀerent to where she is and where I was. I didn't feel she's one for me even as a
girlfriend. I changed.
So much so, that when she did contact me, that spark I had for her was dead.
It just gone and didn't feel attracted to her at all.
To such a level, I cannot even be bothered to meet her, talk to her on phone or
even converse on facebook or text. That spark gone.
Nothing I can do about it. Just my feelings changed.
5.2k Views · View Upvoters

Would you guys say theres no line when dealing with some
people?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is always a line with me. I have boundaries which are dictated by own core
values. So it doesn't matter who it is, even if she's an attractive woman with all
the stuﬀ. There is a line and if she steps over that line, it's - bye., bye to her.
Even my mum knows the lines. So do my sisters, my friends, girlfriends I date. So
do clients and if I was working in a job - so do people I work with including the
boss. I don't let antone step over that line, whether she got great ass, tits or it's he
boss who pays me wages....or a client.
Of course, one can let people know in a polite manner and if they don't adhere to
your values...then they will know because they won't be in my life.
139 Views · View Upvoters

I've never had a boyfriend. How do I attract one?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Be approachable.
Most girls/woman are not approachable because they don't make eye contact,
smile and always head down on their phone. Look up and smile at a guy you like
and make eye contact.
2. Make friends and socialise.
If you're stuck in house or going to same places where guys are not there, or at
school/college hanging about then it won't just happen. You need to go to places
like parties, or socialise with groups and make eye contact, smile, converse.
Most guys have a hard time approaching girls due to rejection and it doesn't help
if girls/women are just frowning, not smiling, and not socialising.
Make it easier and be approachable by suggestions above.
3. The approach method by doing it yourself
If still nothing, then you need to be proactive. If you see a guy you like, go and say
hello. I know, I know, "I'm shy." Well, choice is yours.
Be proactive.
885 Views · View Upvoters

I am in love with a girl but my best friend is also in love with
her. My friend has possibly a better chance. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So there was me and my friend. His name is Dave (not his real name). We both
knew he liked her and I liked the girl too.
As she walks into the college cafeteria, he is looking at me and I am looking at
him. You can tell the competition spark has been lit.
And...she knew also two guys like her too.
Now you need to understand something here. Before I stepped into college I did 2
years of approaching girls, dated, had fun, sex, the whole damn lot. I decided to
solve this problem now, when I was young.

But my friend didn't know that part of me.
He knew something changed, the way relatives knew and the way friends knew.
They all thought I dissappeared with my music, gigging and all sorts. Maybe I got
depressed or something but nop.
I went ballistic for solid 2 years of getting conﬁdent, approaching skills and
everything else that comes with it and man...what an amazing 2 years it was.
Hard but it helped the rest of my life with women.
Here I was.....relaxed back on seat, my arms back of my head and I said..
"Dave.."
"Yes?" Puzzled by the grin on my face
"I got a plan."
"Yeah I bet. You going for her."
"Nah man. Much better."
"No way. You mean both of us with her?"
"Nop. Better. Much better and dave that's fucking disgusting mate. What the
hell!."
"Hahaha. I know, sorry man. What's you're idea?"
"You know when I dissappeared for 2 years and no one knew where I went?"
"Yeah. I thought you just locked yourself in house or went somewhere."
"No. I'm going to show you and then you can decide to still go for her or not. If
you do, I won't even do a damn thing."
I told him to meet me later that night in town, friday.
Friday, 10.30pm we met and went out clubbing and he started seeing me doing
my thing and he was feeling a bit embarrased.
"Dude. You can't do that to girls?"
"Just shut the fuck up Dave, forget all that social condition BS and just follow."
We started to have fun. Approaching...ﬂirting, teasing.
I walked to one table with girls not knowing me and said, "hey, do you mind if I
just relax here. My feet are killing me."
"No, do whatever." Girls said.
Then talked to them for a bit and with same drink, walked over to next table. Did
the same thing. Walked over to next and did the same thing.
Dave is watching thinking, "what the hell is he doing."
Did that for a while and then went back to some of same girls..
"Don't I know you? For real."
"Hahaha. You was here a while ago. Cheeky sod."
By end of night, me and Dave was dancing, having a laugh with women in the
night club. Pre-selection. Works wonders ;)
He met a tall latino girl who he fell for. She was gorgeous but also they just
clicked. I was with a girl who just moved to London and Italian.

We left the night club to get some ﬁsh and chips for us and girls. As we left the
girls in the ﬁsh and chip shop to smoke some cigs, I said..
Me - So what about the girl at college?
Dave - Forget that man. Look who I am with?
Me - So fair to say the girl at college isn't some big deal, is she?
Dave - Nop.
Me - Your place or mine? You know the girls?
Dave - Mines a tip at moment bruv.
Me - Ok. Mine it is.
We walked right back in as the girl smiled and jumped on us, one sitting on my
lap eating with me and other on Dave's lap. Having fun.
Dave has been my friend every since.
Awesome guy. One of many great friends.
Fuck if I ever let any damn woman between me and my mates. I rather walk. I
don't care if my friend still wanted to go for her but I'm type, I don't put no
woman on a pedestal. I can go and approach any woman right now. No big deal.
This is my friend and if he likes the other girl, no problem.
Planet full of girls.
Friends like Dave and like me, don't come easy. We're loyal friends and ever since,
we learnt an amazing lesson.
The girl doesn't choose. They think they do but they don't.
Girls have to wait for guys to approach but guys, we got the whole damn planet to
approach any girl we want and choose. Any say no, it ain't a problem. Bye, bye.
We move on to next and next and next until we get a yes.
We choose friendship and went out to a world full of girls.
If you're ﬁghting over one girl, that says a lot on how guys haven't got options.
You haven't approached many girls and you're doing things out of scarecity.
Our next plan is.............Ibiza for 2016!

This time its not just me and him but 20 more guys. We're going to have so much
fun.
Friends for life!
315 Views · View Upvoters

What shall I do if I am dumped by my girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand what's going on here. I have a feeling this is a cultural matter in
which the girl you liked is having arrange marriage. Sort of a ﬁxed marriage or
relationship kind of thing. Correct me if I'm wrong.
You have been studying probably together, dating each other and now discovered
she is getting married. She has no choice to do so.
If that is so, this is my advise...
You cannot control things like this. In fact, controlling someone's way of doing
things, no matter if they tell you they have no choice and no matter if it's true....is
out of your control.
When a guy or anyone for that matter is trying to control a situation it is out of the
fear of loss. It is a mask they wear. A social mask that tells them..
"She deﬁnes me. That she is me. That without her all is lost."
This is fear.
It is fear because you refer your 'self' to having someone, or an object rather than
realising that the other person has a choice. She had a choice that no way
marriage with her will ever happen.
She had a choice to say to you from the beginning that no way this dating will get
to marriage because her family don't and will never want it. That she is cultural,
follows cultural rules in these matters and so, best to not even think of marriage
with her.
But she didn't and I think you knew his to be so but you feared loss. You hoped
something will change and hoped to...CONTROL but you know from your own
culture, life it cannot happen that way.
Man who attaches his existence to an object outside of himself, whether it is a job,
a name, a career, a woman is a man who will always ﬁnd himself trying to control.
Always weak and always fearing loss.
He will always try to control and that's fear.
But when you remove all objects, all self referring outside of yourself and realise
you cannot control anyone, anything but your own way of living, choices you
make then you will ﬁnd you can move on much faster.
I have been in your position when I was younger but even when I was younger, I
was in a sense very wise. I read so much stuﬀ, I associated with learned people
and I probably mastered dating, relationship because of them.
I didn't get the knowledge, experience, skills from my parents or relatives but
from people who were far ahead. People use to laugh when I'd travel and sit with
these older guys who were successful, wealthy and knowledgeable about these
things.
But as I grew older, even at age 20....the impact it had on me made a lot of women
come towards me and a lot of success too.
One wise man who I met in London, when sitting with him outside in his large
garden, he explained..
"Imagine control like a light and moths. Their nature is to ﬂy towards the light and
you are trying to control the moths not to do so. What do you do?"

I replied, "switch oﬀ the light?"
"They'd ﬁnd a way to ﬂy to another source of light. See what control does? Think
again."
I couldn't think of the answer and so he said..
"Don't bother with moths. That's their predisposition. You're chasing a woman who
is like a moth. It is her predisposition. You now know the true nature of her no
matter what you want to control. You could have known sooner but you was blinded
in keeping the light on knowing full well you cannot control her. So....leave her, live
life and approach a woman who would rather ﬂy to you than the comfort of that
light."
514 Views · View Upvoters

Should I wait for girls to like me for who I am or should I try to
change myself?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Should i stop being myself if no girl likes me for who I am?

Being yourself is a paradox.
If you was walking into a job interview, how would you act? You'd act yourself,
crack some rude jokes?
Or would you learn to understand the world you're living in has protocol for
diﬀerent situations and you be a better version of yourself?
Would you learn:
How to inﬂuence others
How to be awesome in an interview
How to create a kick ass CV
How to answer questions like a boss
Or would you just ﬁll in your CV like you don't give a shit and expect them to give
you a job because......you're being yourself.
Would you behave the same way with your dad, mum and sister with a boss of a
company who is hiring people for jobs?
Would you behave the same with an attractive girl with your sister?
See how the advise of being yourself is BS?
So let's get real here...
You need to attract girls and to do so you need to behave in an attractive manner.
You need to not be some nice guy chump but you also need to be respectable too
and mostly....respect yourself.
For example, I'm in business, and I want to a launch a website.
Do I invest time in getting to know who my ideal target market is, what inﬂuences
them, what gets them to make decisions, what they desire the most right now, or
do I just be myself and not give a shit and just bang up a website?
You need to be wise and you need to diﬀerentiate information from the world to
understand what is BS and what is really wise.
You need to acquire..

Knowledge
Skills
Experience
Maturity
To be a better version of yourself.
We are always growing and you're ﬁnding right now, you need...to...grow. We are
all growing and learning more about ourselves as we live.
So what you're doing right now isn't working for you. If you don't want to grow
and stay as you are, well...you're not going to get anywhere.
You'll be stuck for a long time.
What I see is lack of social skills, maturity, experience and knowledge about
girl/women psychology. You're grasping on straws because you have been thrown
into the world with bs knowledge and skills.
Now you got to take it on yourself to learn, ﬁgure it out because if you do the
same thing over and over again, and expect a diﬀerent result - a result you
want...it's not going to happen..
Don't be yourself.
Be a better version of yourself
A more attractive version of yourself
That means..GROW. Invest in knowledge, social skills, make mistakes, see what
works for you and what doesn't. See what is the best in you and bring that all out
to the open.
It's the skill to communicae your best attractive part of you.
So really, the problem or solution isn't about being yourself.
The problem is you lack the knowledge, skill and experience in knowing how to
do this. So go and get the knowledge, skill from someone who does know how to
do this and get better at approaching...ﬂirting...teasing...communicating in a
manner than is attractive and what shows your best qualities.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do we construct a fantasy world?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know if you mean fantasy world as a computer game, or story telling,
movies or something else in that niche.
But I'll take it as in fantasy as in our minds. If so, it is to escape..

1. Reality is harsh
2. Real life can be medicore, painful, mundane.
3. So one creates fantasy in their mind to......escape
212 Views

I have been asked to date a girl who has stated that our kids
would be ugly. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know the full story mate but one thing I will say. If I see a woman toxic and
saying that - I won't even want to associate with her. That's her own insecurities,
acting like some victim and all it will bring is drama.
Distance yourself from her and move on.
Believe me, dating and being in a relationship is diﬃcult enough because you will
go through challenges, conﬂicts and barriars. It's part of growing together but if a
woman is saying that....do yourself a favour.
Don't bother even dating her and just move on.
All she cares about is her social mask which comes from ego. Attaching her self
with referring what society will think. All that BS validating, seeking acceptance,
approval and sooner than you think, it leads to getting a mortgage to keep up
with jonesies. Money problems to keep up with the jonesies and all sorts.
It's a red ﬂag, a big one and you're gut is telling you this.
Take it as a sign to move move on and don't date her if what she said is true.
Now, if you heard this from people....don't believe anything people say. Instead,
confront the person themselves because people will say all sorts due to jelousy.
Love to cause trouble and not see good happening for others.
So you got a double edge sword.
Personally, if there is drama already, no matter what....I won't even bother and
move on. You decide. It is your life and it is you who will be facing the music.
225 Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over my partner's sexual past?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I get over my boyfriend's past?

It reﬂects your own insecurities and you probably need some therapy,
counselling because you're more focused on his past than the present
relationship you're in. She was young, so what?
I know 20 year olds more mature than most people on here and run households,
work in jobs, looking after mum who has cancer and father non-existent.
Age got nothing to do with it.
You're probably more worried he sees a younger woman and run oﬀ with her. It
comes from fear.
That's his past and he made a decision to move on and let her go to be with you.
So if you know what's good for you, you should let this go and focus on the

relationship you got with him because if you push it....he will do same for you
and your own lack of maturity and move on.
That's what I ask, is why can't you see this wisdom. I'm with User
This is why most guys don't answer..
"How many girls/women you dated?"
"How old were they?"
Most guys don't answer because most women don't ask for the truth but due to
their own insecurities, to label, judge and come to these kind of conclusions than
focusing on the relationship they are in.
348 Views

I have a best friend who I love very much. She says she is not
attracted to me. I don't believe it. Where do I go from here?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't want to believe it because you don't want to let go of the story, fantasy
and the castles in the sky you built in your mind.
"But I love her...."
No, because love is not about I, me but us.
Far too many guys and girls think their feeling is enough for both but it is not. It is
not a one way decision but two way. It is not a one way communication but two
way communication.
She must be interested in you too and if she isn't, move on.
"But I know she's interested in me..."
It doesn't matter. If you persist when a girl has told you no, when she has rejected
then you're already going to start being a creep.
You're going to show her what it means to be with a guy like you. That you cannot
take a no. You're drama. You won't leave her alone when she says something
about her decision. You don't respect her wishes.
That she was right to say no to a guy like you.
This is the time to leave, dissappear, far away into the damn antartic to show the
girl you got balls and options.
That you do respect her wishes and you're not going to hassle her about it.
That you're not some needy, desperate guy like most she has met but diﬀerent.
Move on because people in years to come may change. I say 'may' not "will do' but
if you burn this bridge, then even if the person changes, there will be bad taste in
her mouth due to some experience with you for not moving on.
That is why you got to move on and approach other girls.
Until she says she's interested, you don't push it.
You move on.
404 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend says he needs to live in with me before getting
married? Does this mean he doesn't trust me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's projecting his past experience onto the relationship. So, something must
have happened in past. Maybe a previous marriage and he got married to her
before he moved in to see what she is like and when he did, she changed.
He doesn't want to make that mistake again.
He's now very cautious and wants to see if all is well with living together. We all
have our past and sometimes, it is projected in all we do. It's not you, it's his own
insecurities and fears. So he must got hurt bad in previous relationship or
marriage and it didn't go down too well.
Be patient. This is good. He is thinking and he wants to see if all is well when
living together. That in itself is a committment.
So don't take these things as some dramatic thing and news that it's going
downhill but rather he wants to be sure. Nor start listening to other peoples
perceptions and fears. Instead....
You can come to terms together in regards to duration and other things.
Communicate with each other on this matter. Talk but if you cannot talk, well,
what's the point then in marriage?
So both of you need to talk more than be here on Quora. Ask questions, get it out
in open, communicate but if you both cannot do that for whatever reason...then
what's the point in being together?
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

I've been texting with this girl for a while now and I always have
to text her ﬁrst, no matter what. If I don't text her, we don't talk
at all. What does it mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you're spending way too much time on one girl and not prioritising on
girls who are interested in you. She either playing hard to get which by the way is
a girl to avoid big time or she just wants attention.
Either way, a guy of self respect won't be spending his time on one girl who
doesn't respond and isn't taking initiative herself.
The mistake you're making is you're using texting as some tool for a response due
to your own fear of rejection. That social mask from ego to seek a response,
control, validation, acceptance instead of just leading to ask her out.
And if she doesn't respond when you ask her out then you know, clear as day she
is just wasting your time, looking for attention or simply not into you.
Always screen faster.
Also with text most guys just boring. They play it way too safe due to fear of losing
the girl. I don't play it safe and I know text is just text.
If girl isn't meeting me face to face, she is not a priority and I will have tons of
numbers already - focusing on girls who do respond.
See it like an entrepreneur....
If you're a business man and you're whole legacy, business, sales is relying on
making sure you attract the ideal customer who takes action - then - you will
make sure to not waste time on...one person.
You will ﬁll your pipe line with lots of leads (lots of potential customers) and you
will focus on those who show behavior that they are interested.

Because if you pursue just one person then you're whole business is based on this
one person - and they can say no.
So let's say this person after months of chasing they said no.
You've wasted all you're resources, time, eﬀort on this one person who wasn't
even interested. Who loved the attention. Who just wanted to do this to you for
ego. Who might be pissed oﬀ by something in past and waste your time.
You're business now is dead and you start all over again.
But if you have lots of potential ideal customers in your pipe line, then it doesn't
matter if this one person does nothing. You will watch for those who do take
action and focus on them.
Their behavior qualiﬁes them for your time and also screens them out if they
don't take action.
The ones who don't take action are ﬁltered out or left on burner to decide what to
do i.e. either get rid of them because anytime you ﬁll your system with leads of
people it cost you money. It's resources.
The entrepreneur will continue to ﬁll in his sales funnel pipe line with leads.
Now, I am not saying people are numbers. One must have common sense to see
the context in what I am saying. It's just an example to show that a man of self
respect, self worth does not waste time on anyone who doesn't show interest.
If you take that example, then you'd not focus on one girl. Girls by the way no
matter what they try to get you to believe have lots of guys texting them. So you're
not the only one no matter what she says.
You'd have tons of numbers like the entrepreneur does and you will have many
girls to talk to, text and commnicate. You will date some and tell all that..
"I'm not looking for anything serious right now. I'm just dating and having fun."
Then you keep moving from one girl to another UNTIL you ﬁnd the girl you
really...really like and she clicks with you too.
Now you let the other girls go or just be friends with them, the way girls do with
guys. As it's too earliar to know what will happen 6 months down the line. You
always build your social circle too and not make your whole life around girl.
Any girl tries to stop you building your socila circle is a red ﬂag. For girls, women,
the social circle is big, it gives emotional support and you need to do same too. M
So best to not make sure you screen earliar and focus on who takes action, who
responds to you, who takes initiative interests.
Or you will ﬁnd yourself in this similar position you are in right now...frustrated
due to lack of options.
11.7k Views · View Upvoters

What are some of the disadvantages of having a girlfriend too
hot?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only disadvantage is the insecurities, neediness, jelousy, posssiveness of the
guy himself who will create drama every time a guy looks at her. That's the
disadvantage right there because guys will always look at an attractive woman.
No one can stop that. It happens.

The second disadvantage could be - she is insecure herself, has low self image
and drama will follow through. Always worried if she's good enough, if her looks
good enough, if shes this and that, if the relationship will last and so forth.
So it can be anything and doesn't have to be due to an attractive hot woman
either. These happen with not so attractive woman.
722 Views

A guy says "You have a lot of charisma. When you're with
someone I can only see you.", does that mean he ﬁnds me
attractive in some ways?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The real question is, what did you do next?
1. Did you compliment back?
2. Did you ﬂirt, tease and get his number
3. Or..did you do none of these and come on Quora asking the question and like
most....missed one MASSIVE opportunity to go on a date?
;)
639 Views · View Upvoters

Why do I love my so-called girlfriend even though she doesn't
care for me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because you feel as most guys feel, as most girls feel that their "feeling" for
someone else is enough for both of them.
It's not and it will never will be.
Why?
Because the other person has to feel it too.
What you're wearing is a social mask comes from ego. The seeking of validation,
approval, acceptance and ego does this for nothing else but to get a response.
It is fear based.
To control.
That's not love. That's fear.
Second thing.
Love is not me, I. Love is "us."
And "use" does not exist if you are thinking about giving love to someone who
doesn't think "us" and that "us" means god damn nothing to them with you.
So you don't emotionally invest in anyone if you desire a response and think of
doing so, for the person to think "us" because there is no.."us" between you and
her.
Oh she knows.
Believe she knows.
She knows so well, that most girls are tune into it when a guy likes her and if she
doesn't like him, she will do all kinds to make sure she doesn't send some mixed

messages. Like ignoring you, being cold, not participating in what you do or
helping you out.
So not only is there is no love from her, but also...she don't respect you either.
Now you see there is no friendship because friends have your back, help each
other, give not take...take...take.
Get the hint. Get it fast and then move on.
The ﬁrst step of love is to love yourself.
The second is to give this love to someone who respects it.
There is only "I" and "Me" here for nothing else but to seek a response, validation,
acceptant, liked, loved.
It ain't going to happen.
Move on.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What if a girl who is dating someone else, tells you that she
likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - I like you
Me - As much as you leaving your boyfriend?
Girl - Yes
Me - As much as you leaving your boyfriend who is standing behind you right
now, looking at me, looking at you?
Girl - OH SHIT!!?!? He is?
Me - Nah but I wanted you to know what it feels like when you do get caught
cheating
Girl - You %$! &!
Me - Hahahaha (walks oﬀ)
;)
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

As a teenage boy, is it okay to allow the girl to approach you
ﬁrst, rather than you approaching them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hell will freeze over before for a girl to suddenly turn to supergirl and not give a
damn about social pressure, and what guys might think if she approached ﬁrst.
Pigs need to ﬂy through the sky with banners "approach the guy. Don't believe the
hype girls, women fed with. Approach him or go on Quora crying why guys won't
approach you.."
It is very rare for girls to approach....so don't even bother waiting if you like a girl.
You'll also have advantage over other guys who fear rejection.
By the way - -if you think that will change when girls get older, it doesn't. They get
even more scared as they get older and probably learn all sorts of crap from
magazines, friends and society like "play hard to get" and "send subtle cryptic
messages" which us guys have no damn idea what they hell it all means.

You like a girl, approach. Don't wait or you'll probably wait for a
very...very....very....long time. Probably die as a virgin if you had to wait for
women to approach you.
353 Views · View Upvoters

She said no for relationship but wants to be friend like we were
earlier. How do I get over the feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How do you cope with this.
Realise ﬁrst just because you feel for someone, doesn't mean it's ever enough. You
probably been ﬁlling your head about her for a while before you asked her out. So
you have been emotionally investing, attaching to an illusion in your head.
Anyhow...
You - Blah blah, like to go out blah blah
Her - I'm not looking for a serious relationship
You - Hey, why are you serious? We haven't even eloped, had children and you're
like all talk about serious relationship and all that. Jeesh. I'm talking coﬀee here
not some collosul arrange marriage (grin)
Her - Oh hahahaha.
But since that has now gone by....just do the following now...
You....move...on.
Planet full of girls. Go and approach them and don't ﬁll your head with stories,
emotionally invest, and all that until a girl shows interest, dated you, and you
both became intimate, sexually intimate and all that.
280 Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask someone to coﬀee without sounding like I am
asking for a date?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It goes like this..
Intent for dating...
"Hey, you're attractive but good looks are common. I like to get to know you over
a coﬀee."
Without intent and just friends..
"Man I need to grab a coﬀee. Listen, let's go and grab a coﬀee before I fall ﬂat on
my face. You're in? Great. Let's go."
As you can see, the ﬁrst has attraction in there. The second hasn't.
11.5k Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach a girl who was my friend but then rejected
my proposal, broke all sort of friendship with me, and blocked
my contact number and social media connections?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Look mate. Stop being desperate and needy. You're at the brink of being a stalker.
Where is your self respect?
If anyone blocked me, broke of friendship, connections, blocked on social media,
they can piss oﬀ back where they bloody well came from.
Have some self respect for yourself and move on.
You still want to be friends with a person who does that to you?
Move on. Find your self respect and have some standards on what a friend is.
559 Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal wth a rejection from a crush, whom I have to
work with on a daily basis?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Rejection is diﬃcult only because of the following:
The ego. That social image mask we wear that yearns control. Always people want
to control to be liked, validated, accepted, approved and put the opinion of others
above their own opinion about themselves.
It is therefore - fear based.
It is where one attached who they are, their self by referring it to other objects,
whether someone else's opinions, the desire to belong and liked, situations and
circumstances.
As I write these words, it may seem easy to understand by not so, because only
when one grows in maturity, through a span of time and experience do they ﬁnd
the social mask which comes from ego us hinders us rather than free us.
But when we realise that this mask is not our true self but a mask for the social
world to be accepted, liked, validated and more precise...for a response then we
come to an understanding that...
"why bother even feeling and putting so much importance on someone else's
opinion about ourselves when they fucking don't want to even give time to know
us, be part of our lives anyway? Why put so much emotion, time, even allocating
pain and importance on someone who dion't give a fuck about us anyway?"
Harsh I know, a bit of badmouthing but hey, it is what it is.
From a young age we seek validation. But as we get older, let's say 50, we don't
give a damn what some elese thinks. In fact, we cherish the person to say, either
yes, or no and piss oﬀ out of our lives and we get busy doing whatever. Even if
they exist in front of us, working with us, we won't give a damn.
But that takes time sometimes for us to get to that level, either through many
years going by or because we put ourselves out of comfort zone so much, in
approaching many women, that now rejection is laughable, it's like nothing
much.
You have this attitude, "pﬀf, so what? Plenty of women and I got the balls and
conﬁdence to go and approach many more."
So how do you deal with a crush who you work with?
Remove the word 'crush.' She and no woman on this planet or man deserves this
word. You don't fall for anyone who does not desire you in the ﬁrst place. You
don't put so much of an story, building castles in sky within your mind about
someone who doesn't deserve this space.

You have self respect, self worth and you give that space to someone who says..
"Yes, I like to get to know you. Ok. Let's go for coﬀee, get to know, date"
And through a certain period of time, after they proven their interest at a deeper
level, you crush on that person. After intimately getting to know each other, after,
intimacy, after ovecrcoming challenges together, after overcoming some conﬂicts
and barriars, then...crush on that person because they deserve more than
someone who don't give a shit about you.
You have to excuse my language but this is how I explain this and sometimes it
needs explaining in this way.
Stop building castles in sky, and go and approach someone else but outside your
enviroment as you're not emotionally strong enough to deal with it when it
happens closer to home.
You're going to go through many more rejections, because attraction isn't a
choice, or some power we have to force someone to like us.
It needs two people.
And you probably thought it needed one person, you and in doing so, ﬁlled your
head for a while about this person, and found some courage later on, probably
months because you feared the person might not...like...validate, respond the
way you wanted the person too.
That's the down fall of wearing a social mask. It is fear based.
So next time, you see someone you like, (outside work environment), don't build
a story but approach immediately and do the job, so if it's a no, you can move on
fast. Make sure you don't just approach one person.
Approach many and you will ﬁnd your conﬁdence soaring high and the lack of
scarecity helps you to easily move on and not ﬁxated on one person.
For now, focus on your job, be the best at your job, have goals, climb higher as
that's more important than a crush.
That doesn't mean you're feeling is not real but that the illusion you create in
your mind isn't real. What's real is...your job and lots of people outside to
approach. That's real.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters

Dating advice: HELP! A guy from SCHOOL likes me and I dont
like him back, what should I do? He sees me at school on
weekdays
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As karen metioned, get used it as it will happen through your life.
But what you want to do is make sure you be clear and not lead a guy on. Here's
what you do because most girls play it safe and so the guy thinks there is hope.
Don't say..
"I don't know you enough." That is not clear enough.
"I don't know."
"I'm not looking for a serious relationship yet."
"I'm busy."

No, no. No. This is not how you say to a guy you're not interested and have
advised many girls, women to not say such things if they are not interested in the
guy.
You say..
"Thanks but I don't see you that way. I'm not interested in dating you."
"Thanks. I'm ﬂattered but I'm not interested in dating you and I don't see you that
way."
So say no clearly, directly, no leading on and no hope. None of this either..
"I just like to be friends."
No hints. No subtle messages. Directly.
If a guy shows interest you don't give hope saying you want to be friends. Be very
clear and it's his responsibility not yours to take it whatever way he wishes. His
problem if he's upset, sulky and all that.
Learn to say no and be conﬁdent in saying no and do it politely. Make sure it is
clear in your mind you're not interested in him.
I say this because it is very common with girls, women saying to guys they are not
interested and then later on.....they are.
Be decisive and then leave it alone. Move on.
782 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Angie Gomez

My girlfriend just doesn't love me anymore. I love her so much.
I'm willing to do anything in the world for her. What should I do
now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You said, "I am willing to do anything in the world for her."
Anything?
Ok then. Here's what you do.
Leave her because you will be doing yourself a favour in not being with someone
she isn't in love with and her a favour to move on.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl replies instantly, says "you're
cute, really hot and gorgeous," but also mentions one other guy
every now and then?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. She said you're cute blah blah blah.
But now her unconscious mind is like....
"GIRL! YOU SOUNDING SO DESPERATE! CUT THAT OUT. SAY SOMETHING TO
MAKE YOU LOOK VALUABLE. ACT COOL!"
2. So she now tries desperately, to up the scale with edifying herself in front of
you..
"Ern....AND....the other guy also looks cute, gorgeous."

Me (rolling my eyes)- Girl, that trick is so damn old, like the lines under my
grandma's muliple chins that dwarfs her neck. Come back to me when you ﬁnd
your self conﬁdence. I'll be waiting in the cafeteria ;)
545 Views · View Upvoters

Why is it so diﬃcult for me to ﬁnd a girl friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't go looking for a girlfriend with INTENT of making friends. You need to
make your intent clear as day. So, it be of no use doing things without showing
true intent in every possible way.
Online you do this..
1. Make sure you got quality photos for starters.
2. Photo of you full ﬁgure but not looking at the camera.
2. Photo of you doing activities like skydiving, or whatever you are interested in.
3 Photos of you with social circle.
4. Make sure you use the well known datingwebsites and use also things like
Tinder.
5. You're proﬁle text needs to be fun, light hearted, not serious but showing
personality instead of "I'm looking for the love of my life." Very needy. Learn
about copywriting and how to make your words have emotional spark than
needy, desperate.
This shows true intent.
You want to attract a girlfriend then show true intent.
6. Then learn how to message girls/women in an attractive manner. Don't stay
focused on one girl. Fill your pipeline with many girls.
If girls don't respond much or they playing hard to get, don't bother with them.
Move on fast. Learn to move....fast always.
Some just on there for attention and ego. Nothing else.
ON TINDER TIPS
If you want to be on top so many see you, swipe more. Tons more no matter what.
You can ﬁlter them out later. Just swip like crazy.
And update your information a little bit once a week, and what you'll ﬁnd is it
triggers the system for you're proﬁle to be up at time of que ;)
Something I advised a friend to do who was having no results until he tried that
and walla. He's now dating.
Follow the steps for Tinder in regards to high quality photos as all websites and
tinder is about superiﬁcial stuﬀ - the look.
You can still be above average by doing the above steps which most don't do and
say that it just not working for them.
OFFLINE face to face approaches.
1. It is not going to happen by sitting in the house. Girls, women everywhere the
moment you step out of the house.
2. Learn to approach and do so consistently.

3. Invest in psychology regarding dating so you avoid making mistakes most
typical average guys make.
4. To make it easier....look at your passion of interest, and see where the events
are happening and participate. Go out often, socialise, give time for people to
know you so when you see a girl you're interested in....those people can increase
your social value in her eyes about you as they say hi.
It shows you've got a life even without her.
THIS IS YOUR PRIORITY....
Focus on building your life. Look at your passion, purpose in life and be busy
with it but also.... get busy with socialising much more than you've done before.
Be that guy who has things going on.
Don't be serious in romance with girls. Stay light hearted, fun, tease, ﬂirt and
show true intent that you are that type of guy.
Stay away from this BS about "Oh I'll ﬁrst be friends with her so she then gets to
know me."
When you see a girl you like...immediately approach and show true intent. Show
you're attracted to her and screen her in or out so you don't waste time.
You don't want to spend tons of time, emotions to ﬁnd out later she is not really
into you or is playing hard to get.
Some women just want attention, ego patting, or do things to see if they can get a
guy's attention and nothing else. Some women are not single but tease, ﬂirt just
for the attention.
Know who they are by applying screening method. Learn how to do it.
So you make your intent clear and screen those types of women out immediately.
They can go to their boyfriend or their friends, relatives if they want just
attention and ego patting, or to talk about their problems.
Don't be that guy who let's them do that to you.
If you have anymore questions, look at my proﬁle bio, it has been used to answer
many questions regarding dating. Questions come from many messages so I used
the proﬁle bio for that.
Might as well make it useful.
Good luck and above all else....have fun.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Under what circumstances both personally and professionally
is it appropriate to tell another you are on your period?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was dating a girl from Sweden. One day we were going out, having fun and
heading to my house, and as we reached, touched and all that she said...
"I can't.....you know, woman thing."
Done. I knew what she meant.
In fact, I knew when she was on because her behavior in attitude changes.
Anything was a bit stressful, like she would argue over little thing, bit irratic, just
pissed oﬀ even on little things.

I'd smile and just say...
"It's the time of the month huh?"
"Yes."
Done. I knew and I'd give her space.
Now when it comes to work, one thing she had diﬃcult is same you have. Here's
what I said to her...
"If your fucking boss thinks anything like you're making it, some excuse, well,
then it's the wrong damn company to work in anyway. Find a company who gives
a shit about you and that having sick leave or taking some holiday days isn't
painful but it's ok to do. As long you do great at your job they have no damn
excuse."
Guess what?
She went applying for job somewhere else while she was at the company and
found a great company to work with. Anytime she wanted to leave or have sick
leave, or some holidays to take because of this, they didn't think jack shit.
They didn't think she was faking it or anything else.
So sort what environment you're in. Don't just sit there taking that bs from a boss
or anyone else. Move from comfort zone and ﬁnd a company that gets it as she
did.
86.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do you not let what others say bother you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

DON’T GIVE A FUCK.
Now this doesn't mean you be rude, walk all over people but what it does mean is
you can go and do whatever you want without..
Wearing this social image mask which comes from ego because the social image
mask is about getting a response.
It is attaching your self onto other objects which inﬂuences and dictates your
behaviuor. So you're not really being true to your 'self.'
The social image mask you wear is about..
1. Seeking a response
a) Validation
b) Acceptance
c) Liked
d) Appr0val
e) To ﬁt in
2. It is also about...control
Trying to control people to like you and so you wear this social mask that doesn't
show who you truly are but made up image to get a response.
It is fear based.
That is why you feel like...

"I'm..... losing control of things."
Take oﬀ the social image mask and forget about object referring yourself with
objects outside of yourself.
Your social mask is a Social Image coming from ego.
It hungers, desires, thrives on approval and it desires power of control because it
lives in fear.
So the root cause of your delima is...FEAR.
3. Your True Self
The true self inside you is completely free from these things such as approval,
acceptance, the need to ﬁt in. It is strong and immune to any criticism from the
world or group.
It does not fear challenges and it does not fear being alone either. In fact,
meditation and being alone to reﬂect is the requirment of your true self. It
enables you to shut out the noise and live in a silence to discover your true self
more.
In doing so, you shall come to the truth....
That you or anyone else isn't beneath anyone. Nor superior to anyone because
everyone come from the same thing and shall return to the same thing.
DUST TO DUST!
Death then shall happen to everyone. No one is superior on this earth to avoid
death. No one.
When you realise this then you shall hear your true self say..
"If your standard was primary then what the hell does that mean with ALL
THOSE AROUND YOU. That they are standard too, living, breathing, in the same
class, same realm as you. They feared you to hit your ego to make you feel shit
because that so called class mate felt shit too."
Let go of this need, hunger of wanting to be accepted and for others to tell you
who you are and what level you are in and set your own standards.
That YOU DON'T GIVE A FUCK what standard they think you are in.
What mattes is....bonding. Self respect and respect to you.
And if they don't give that...they don't matter.
So don't make them matter because their ego spoke to you out of...fear.
396 Views · View Upvoters

What if I don't like this girl, yet I still ﬂirt with her?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you're not into the girl, don't lead her on by creating this idea in her head you're
interested in her sexually attraction way. It hurts mate. You never want to hurt
anyone, no matter who they are.
Instead, you can still talk, get to know someone, bond with them without ﬂirting.
Reason you are ﬂirting with a girl who you're not interested in is due to wearing
the ego social mask.
1. For power of control

2. For feeling the power of acceptance
3. The feeling of being liked
4. The feeling of validation
This comes from fear because this is all about getting a response instead of
bonding with her as a friend.
You lose out big mate because if this is someone you're not into then what you are
doing is you lose the true essence of bonding with people, especially with girls
too.
Remove the mask of ego, let go of that trip or feeling you get from doing the
ﬂirting on girls you're not into, and just bond, be a friend, be true to yourself and
to her.
You can still talk, communicate, have fun without ﬂirting.
You don't have to give up anything just that part - the fear. You're not going to lose
anything but gain so much more. You'll gain personality, authenticity, character
and the girl will enjoy much more too and so will you.
You can be open with her, transparent and she will love it as a friend.
Be that guy mate. Plenty of guys who ﬂirt with girls they are not into but they lose
so much more. They lose the bonding bit and that comes from true love of the
human race. She's a human being. Don't lead her on.
Instead lead her to know you as a great friend and you get to know her. It will lead
to everlasting friendship for many years to come if you do so. Well, as long you're
on this planet.
It's good you asked. It shows you really want to do good which is a very great
start.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it cute to have a girlfriend who doesn't speak your language?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From experience....it's damn frustrating. I'd never do it again. I like to
communicate and if I cannot understand her and she can't understand me, forget
it.
No, it's not cute for me at all.
It's a hassle, boring, no matter how attractive she is. I'd just walk away. There has
to be communication that is clear or forget it.
Also cuteness, is most on how they look, personality, than diﬃculties.
203 Views

Why is it that attractive guys approach me but never end up
asking me out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're not showing that you're that interested in the guys. You need to show
interest, ﬂirt, tease, touch his arm, show you're interested. Ask him...
"Do you have a girlfriend?"
Something, anything to show you're interested in them. They have approached
and you need to do some work too.

1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What is it like to date a professional musician?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm an artist, musician but also have other skills. I'm going to be blunt if you want
to date a professional musician. Take it though as my opinion..
1. My music, comes ﬁrst. My music, art comes ﬁrst not relationship. This will
never change. It's what I do, what I enjoy, what gives me happiness and I don't
need a woman to make me happy. I am already happy. Dating for me about
giving, having fun, and enjoying and sharing and not seeking love. I got love
already. I love my life, myself and what I do.
So if a woman as an example thinks she can come and start brining drama,
sating..
"either me or this" I'll choose my music and my work. Very easy for me to decide.
Very easy.
So rule one. Don't try and change the artist. That's his life way before he met you.
Most might be diﬀerent but this is me.
2. It's not about money
So I'm not bothered about mortgage, and all the things most think about. I'm
putting the whole lot into my work. My live has a purpose and most of it is
learning a lot of things. I love the work and experimenting.
That means I will be travelling a lot, still learning, reﬁning my skills and even if I
have 15 years of ﬁnger style guitar playing, I'll still be practicing, investing in my
skill, profession and my lifestyle is not a balanced on. It also means I will have
other talents I am focusing on. I am constantly learning, doing and creating.
So money can be tight and sometimes not so tight but I'm not into fashion,
spending money on cars and keeping up with bs most do, i.e. keeping up with the
jonesies. Not interested in these things.
3. Keep jelousy in check
I peform on stage, and after, I am busy talking to lots of women, but guys too,
mostly women. So I don't want jelousy, possessivness, drama or I will end the
relationship. It comes with what I do and the woman I date needs to know this is
way my life is.
It's not for everyone but hey, I'm happy with or without dating woman. Not that
bothered. My purpose in what I do as an artist comes ﬁrst.
Call it selﬁsh, ego, whatever. I don't mind. I am vocal about it and have to be so
one knows what they getting into. Keeps drama away.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a young woman. I always want men to like me, even if I
don't know or like them. I try as hard as I can, and I feel sad
when I fail. Is it normal?
Adam Taha, I'm into how the mind works to control thoughts and emotions
Updated May 14, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is your ego. You are wearing what is called a social image mask. This mask is
all about seeking approval, validation, acceptance, a...response from people. So
your behavior is always looking and anticipating a..response.
Why?

It is this internal hunger to get power from outside. In other words, it is trying to
control. The power to control. It comes from fear.
So what you're doing is not your true nature, thinking that emptiness you feel
inside is going to be ﬁlled by such a thing as getting responses from other people
to like you, validate you, accept you and like you to even love you.
You are role playing.
This social ego mask you wear thrives dominantely to get approval from others. It
wants power. It wants control. It wants to manipulate someone else to love you
and like you.
It's not permanent and you do not grow because it is focused on superiﬁcial
response. The problem is, when these objects or when the desire is fulﬁlled you
lose out a lot because this isn't about bonding with fellow human beings but
rather manipulating human beings.
Even lying to them as you role play because you have already got a boyfriend but
they don't know. They only see you role playing.
When you're are of true 'self' then you won't need to want to control, be hungry
for someone else's validation, acceptance, to be liked and love. Rather you focus
in building real friend type of relationship.
You will approach not for a response but to truly bond with people. In essence,
you lose out big when you don't approach people genuinely and without trying to
manipulate to get some response.
Since you do not show you're true self and since you wear this mask, you don't
love...yourself. In not loving yourself you will continue to seek response wearing
this mask and all these relationships you build will be built on lies.
All it's about is control, manipulation, for nothing else but the seeking of
approval of othes. It won't be permanent relationships you will build.
Why?
Because this isn't who you are. It is in pretence. It is for seeking acceptance. It is
with-holding others to see who you really are.
But when you approach the world and people with your true self, you will create
true friends, people will want to bond with you because it comes from love not
fear.
To seek validation, acceptance, control, comes from fear not love.

UPDATE..
See the update of the details under the question given.
There we go. You now took oﬀ the social mask and seen who you really are and
instead of doing things to be liked. No more seeking validation to be liked and this
time, being true to yourself and embracing your own sexuality. You sorted your
Psychological script which was designed by you due to experiences in past,
upbrining, family and other issues.
I’m sure it wasn’t easy but good on you for taking that step. Makes life so much
easier and less complicated for you.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever been drawn to someone you don't ﬁnd
attractive?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. I have to be attracted to the woman. I'm not going to approach and date a
woman who I don't ﬁnd attractive. It doesn't make any sense for me to do so.
332 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys mind being approached/asked out by women? Or is
that a turn oﬀ?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the guy, but personally for me - when a woman approaches and asks
me out, I see it as a turn on. That she is a conﬁdent woman, she has social
intuition, social skills, she knows what she wants and goes for it.
That she hasn't fallen for the bs in magazines and all that 'play hard to get' and
'guys like to chase,' and social conditioning.
Conﬁdent men love conﬁdent women, who approach with a smile, ﬂirt, tease,
touch and go for what they want. It's very rare in my opinion to see that happen
but when it does, it's makes her stand out from the rest.
That for me is a turn on.
712 Views · View Upvoters

Dating: I get jealous of other good looking guys when I'm
around my girlfriend, what can I do about this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I'm dating a very attractive woman, who is younger than me. I'm 45 and she's
20, tall, slim and curves most women would die for. Everywhere I go and guys
looking at here.
One day, a friend of mine is walking with me and girlfriend.
We head oﬀ to a night club. He's having trouble with being jelous and spoke to me
about it a couple of days before we met in city.
We get to the night club, my girlfriend already on the dance ﬂoor. She loves
dancing and music. Anytime she hears the groove, she be moving.
Me and my friend walk to the bar to get some drinks and I say to him...
Me - Get ready for an awesome show
Him - They got a band coming?
Me - Yeah but the musical instrumental are diﬀerent tonight. Look ahead and you
see my girlfriend and watch.
So each grab a bottle of drinks and I also get a packet of crisps and I say to him.
Me - Just chill and watch.
I start munching and sure enough it starts.
One guy aproaches, she blows him away.
Second guy approaches, she blows him away.
Me - Watch this next move. Hopefully she does it. I call it the the shake the ass
and back turn move.

Third guy with a friend approaches, she turns her back, shakes her ass dancing
with some killer dancing moves.
Fourth guy. Fifth and on and on it goes.
My friend - Doesn't it bother you?
Me - Nah. Guys did that before we even met. They'll do so always.
Him - But what if she falls for one of them
Me - That's her problem not mine. I don't work to control shit. That's your ego if
you want to control. She's not my property and also,that's her test to her life not
mine.
Fair to say he got the message and cut out the jelous/possessiveness and started
enjoying his relationship with his girlfriend.
Jelousy is ok but when it gets too extreme, well, it only makes you it's bitch and
you ﬁnd yourself losing the plot.
Enjoy the relationship and remember, guys were doing that staring long before
you ever met her. It will happen always.
You just focus on having a good time with her.
11.9k Views · View Upvoters

vnvvb
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you was over thinking too much and feared rejection to ask her out.
That's really it. Anything else, looking for signal is nothing more than ego seeking
approval, validation, a response before taking action.
We can't read anyone's mind and nor can you.
If you liked her, then ﬁnd your balls and approach her, ﬂirt, tease, be conﬁdent,
and ask her out.
Anything else is just assumptions and that's all it is.
237 Views · View Upvoters

I told me ex that he was crap in bed which I didn't mean. can he
ever forgive me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not your words but how you made him feel.
He will remember that and won't trust you. Especially when you went for the
"crap in bed." That is one big no no to say to a guy. Holy shit.
He isn't going to forget that. He might forgive you but anything else, that has
seriously burnt the bridge.
It doesn't matter if you didn't mean it.
People remember how you make them feel and how you make someone feel, tells
them whether to ever trust you again on intimacy and being with you.
I understand it was heat of moment but if someone insults me like that, meh, I'd
make sure she is far damn away from me. If she said to me about
80 Views · View Upvoters

I suspect my girlfriend is cheating and lying, but I have no
proof. She's very sneaky and secretive. When I ask to see her
phone for proof she gets upset. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What should you do?
Why bother being in a relationship with anyone if there is no trust. If you don't
trust her, if you think she's cheating, lying, sneaky, secretive - which by the way is
so shit at looking at someone you suppose to be in relationship with....why bother
being in relationship with her?
What's the damn point?
I could do all sorts to ﬁnd out but why should I bother?
If I don't trust the woman I am dating, and if I think she is sneaky, cheater, lying, ,
then no use even dating her.
I'd just move on.
Without trust, what's the point?
So you catch her cheating, so what?
You don't win points. You don't prove anything. It's just drama. You might as well
move on.
Because right now, it looks like it's over, done, ﬁnished, nothing really there if
that's how you see think about your girlfriend.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Should I text the girl I have feelings for merry Christmas?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you haven't yet approached her, ﬂirted, teased, conversed with true intent in
showing you like her - by asking her out, then no.
First get that out of the way so there is no mixed signals.
Be honest in these matters and anything else.
You don't want to send any messages when really, behind it, you like her. Don't
send some friend friend bs message but be clear in your intent. Approach her face
to face ﬁrst or you be like most typical average guys playing it safe.
You don't give a shit about sending xmas wishes. You give a shit about dating her.
So then, cut through the bs and get towards that part.
Approach her ﬁrst and that way, if she says no, blah blah....at least you don't
spend time wasting it on someone you know isn't interested. Don't emotionally
invest time, eﬀort, even texting to girls who you like until they show interest in
you.
You won't be the only guy doing that. Girls get texted by many guys and they can
deny it all they want. They do.
So be diﬀerent. Have conﬁdence and approach her face to face to sort that part
out ﬁrst.
3 Views · View Upvoters

My ﬁrst date from last week held my hand asked if he could see
me again twice, tried to kiss me and then I never heard from

him again. What happened?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was either playing hard to get, not showing much emotional response and
escalating i.e holding hands, kissing, touching, no warmth and all that was too
slow. From both sides.
If he had to ask twice also to date and tried to kiss you then it shows there was a
lot of awkwardiness. It shows you weren't intiating as well from your side. It was
pretty cold and awkward.
He just didn't want to go through that again. It was too much hard work and
frustrating.
So he thought.."Meh forget it. I'm going to look at other girls who I can click with
intimately faster."
745 Views · View Upvoters

Should I give up on my crush since he hasn't made a move?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Right now, in your mind you're thinking what most girls/women think...
"The guy hasn't made a move so he must not be interested in me."
Now the confusing part of this isn't that he doesn't like you or if he does. It's your
social mask you wear which seeks validation, acceptance, to be liked before....you
take action.
It doesn't make you honest with your feelings and you act only based on fear.
Remove this mask and you then see it as..
a) I am going to ﬁnd out if he's interested to get to know me more.
b) If he doesn't behave in manner that shows me after I approach then I have
made a decision on facts than assumptions. I'm not seeking to be liked,
validation, approval but to see if he's someone I REALLY want to date and if he
can SEE ME for who I am and wants to know more. If not, I have found out I can
move on.
Until you take action you cannot assume anything else.
Most guys fear rejecton. So even if they like a girl they may not show it at all.
Worse, if you give subtle messages then take it from a guy..
They go way over our heads even if some magazine, or friends, or other girls, pick
up artist books say to do this and that. These days in the political correctness and
fear now with guys being labelled as pervs, players, creeps, we won't make a move
on subtle messages.
So we're not going to look for subtle messages but 100%, crystal clear ﬂirting,
teasing and girl says outright, "I like you" and she touches the guys arms as she
bites her lips. She is proactive. She takes action.
Confusion happens when a girl is looking for validation, a response rather facts
by being proactive.
Time for girls get a bit more forward but we know it's very they do. Far too much
isnecurities, playing it safe but most guys are not going to take risk these days
with girls who play it safe.
Subtle messages are too risky for guys and most guys fear rejection.

So you got two choices.
1. If you like a guy and he hasn't made a move, then you take action. Don't assume
he is not interested based on assumptions or not seeing any signals. You make
your move.
You only confuse the matter due to your need for some response instead of fact
ﬁnding by just approaching and ﬁnding out from him personally.
2. Or you move on but then remember, you will do this again because a pattern is
repeated until you step out of comfort zone to approach.
So approach him as you never know.
Basing some decision on how he doesn't make a move is useless. Basing it on
facts is commons sense but common sense these days isn't so common.
16.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

What are some good ways to ask a girl who is much better than
you on a ﬁrst date if you are high school seniors?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Way to go putting her on some high pedestals and you down eating dirt. Yes, I
know what guys and girls go through when they like someone..
"Oooh she's out of my league."
"But what if she doesn't like me."
"What if I screw up. How do I impress her?"
It is a very poor mindset and it is this mindset why most guys turn oﬀ girls
because the guys who have this mindset act needy, desperate, play it safe and are
far too serious in ﬁrst approach.
This is you wearing the social ego masks and this mask comes from fear. Has
nothing to do with her being better than you. She's just a girl, a woman, a human
being and that is it.
The social ego mask you wear is worn to seek validation, acceptance, approval
and to be liked. The moment you wear that is the moment you might as well not
even bother approaching her and asking her out.
Because instead of approaching to ﬁrst ﬁnd out if she's great to get along with,
she ain't boring as hell, she ain't acting like a bitch to you, she isn't socially
awkward and she also...you like her personally - you miss out the red ﬂags.
You are so busy pleasing her and kissing her ass that you are not focused on...the
girl, what she is saying, if she is the type to date, to even ask her out.
You just rendered yourself useless because you have disarmede all the tools to
help you and alert you to the red ﬂags, and to help you make a good decision.
So forget about her being better than you, and focus on whether she is even good
enough to date you, she has personality, something you like about her than just
her ass and tits and way she looks.
Focus on the right things i.e. you want to qualify her, ﬁnd out if it's worth your
time even asking her out after you ﬂirt, tease and converse.
Forget the bigger picture of asking her,.
First ﬁnd out if she's type of girl for real, to date and to do that, get her oﬀ the
pedestal. She's your equal and you are her equal.

Let go of the BS and get down to the real deal.
415 Views · View Upvoters

I met the perfect guy for me...at the wrong time. He's fallen for
me, and I want to fall for him, but I'm not sure I'm over my ex.
How do I proceed?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You remove ego. As I said in other answers. Ego is a social image to seek
validation, approval, acceptance and comes from fear of....loss. That desire to
seek perfection by having some safety net.
This is fear based.
When we attach ourselves to objects like perfection we try to put some safety net
but this safety net is an illusion. It also attracts the wrong type of friends and
suitors too because beneath that social mask are tools you can use.
But you cannot use them because you are coming from base of fear.
The tools is you being true to yourself in never fearing to go towards the unknown
and to also not fear loss.
Fearing loss for acceptance, validation, approval AND perfection always leads
you to withhold who you truly are. It withholds you from saying what you need to
say. It withholds you from communicating truth and most of all....it eliminates
you to know the truth of whether this man is suited to you or not.
When you remove this mask and this fear of loss you are now looking at truth.
That when you speak it, communicate it, it aids you to ﬁlter out the one who is
not suited to you. You will ﬁnd out the truth by seeing how he now behaves when
you tell him the truth.
If he is really a guy for you and if he wants to wait, then he will do so. You found
out what you need to know.
If he doesn't, you found out what you need to know and this...doesn't make him a
bad person. It doesn't mean he just wants sex and all assumptions most like to
think or even ourselves. If he's not interested and walks away then it just means
he's not the guy for yu.
He has his own values and needs.
You cannot be honest and nor can the tools you have can help you - if you wear
this mask of ego.
This mask is what many wear in society out of fear.
Hiding who they are due to fear of losing something or fear of being judged,
labelled, ostracised for having an opinion or behaving in a certain way.
You cannot communicate honesty, be transparent and authentic if you come
from fear based because you're fear will always dictate you're behavior. It dictates
what you say and do.
So remove the mask of ego and you won't come from fear of loss and commnicate
honestly no matter what happens.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I rejected a girl who liked me. Now she likes my best friend. I
regret pushing her away. How can I get her to like me again?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You rejected a girl because...you projected your own past experiences to this
situation. You projected your own insecurities, problems, pain, whatever to this
situations.
Understand then, the window of attraction is very small and....people remember
more about how theu FEEL than what you say.
So she will remember how you rejected her and the feelings that go with it. The
window is tiny and when it is closed, it is very diﬃcult
Her desire is now channeled elsewhere.
The moment you rejected her she felt something. A negative experience and
second, she is now liking your best friend.
Yes, I know. I heard it damn thousand times from guys "but I can't move on. I
want her back"
You can't have her back because she wasn't yours in the ﬁrst place. All you had
was an opportnity to date her not to own her.
And you screwed that one up.
Second, you can do anything you want. You just don't want to move on because
you put her on a pedestal. Like she's only damn girl on this planet.
It won't be the ﬁrst girl you date no matter what anyone says. You'll say the same
thing about the next girl and next, and next.
She has now made her choice, and is drawing closer to your best friend.
Girls come and go mate. Friends are very diﬃcult to develop especially good
friends. So sort your priority out.
Do what good friends do...let it go.
Don't stab your mate in the back. Move on. That's your best friend so behave like
a best friend.
For all you know, they might date and 6 month down line break up.
Sort your priority out. Approach other girls and stop putting her on a pedestal.
If you had 10 attractive girls pursuing you, you won't be thinking about her but
having fun with them.
But because you lack options like most avwerage guys do and since she has no
moved on with your best friend, your survival kicked oﬀ with competition. You
now saw your best friend getting girl and now...PRE-SELECTION kicks oﬀ.
Where a girl is now attractive to pursue.
Now all the past and all that means nothing because now...someone else is
interested in her and it's your best friend.
That's the reality there but logic tells you, "no, it's because I was hurt years ago
and I was reluctant to say yes, etc etc."
Heard it before mate.
You need to move on and let your mate now do whatever is to be done. Don't stab
him in back. Behave like a best friend.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Trevor Trinidad

How can I become the kind of man who can easily attract a
girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Then you won't be focusing on attracting a girlfriend if you want to always ﬁnd
another grlfriend easily, if ever it didn't work out and...be more relaxed around
women.
First let's look at the 'the kind of man' who can easily attract a girlfriend.
1. Let go of the ego because this is the mask of self image you show in society. This
mask is about seeking validation, acceptance, liked, a response from women. You
need to let go of this ﬁrst.
Why?
Because that is not your true self.
You're true self does not attach to objects outside you. If you attach your self to
the response of society, of women, money, then when these dissappear you will
be at lost. Also, it impacts you heavily with anxiety.
The anxiety of approaching tons of women.
The anxiety of just doing the steps rather than fearing rejection
By removing the social mask which comes from ego, you can approach many
people, many women, interact big time to ﬁll your pipe line with tons of people.
It's what I do personally.
So for example, when you have many options, many groups you've built of social
groups of women you have tons of options. This removes the scarcity. I found that
it is easy for me to say no to women even if she is attractive if I don't like her
attitude and I can let go fast and move to next if she plays hard to get.
But without options, a man tries so hard to not lose....the contact he has with one
woman and when she ﬁnds out you are at that weak, vulnerable state, MOST will
play you. Most can deny all they want but it's human nature.
You're own behavior will now be diﬀerent because social mask dictates your
behavior in society and removing it also dictates your thought process, your
behavior too. It gives you courage, it gives you clarity and it gives you strength to
embrace your core values without worry about fear of...loss.
Now that you got your mindset sorted and have removed the ego side...you are
not afraid of being your true self.
You won't approach women to impress, to get validated, a response but
rather....you approach to get truth.
That subtle messages is not truth. That he saying, "Oh I don't know," is not truth.
That, "I'm erm busy," is not truth. Either yes or no, is truth. You move on faster,
you don't emotionally invest time, eﬀort to please and only invest if she qualiﬁes
by her showing her interest through positive action.
So sort out yourself, become comfortable in your skin, in your mind and let go of
the society mask i,e. the ego.
What it also does is it attracts the right people, the women you do want and you
will be ﬁrm in believing and living your core values.
That does mean it will push away women who are not into your core values,
which is ﬁne. That is what you want. You are honesty is making sure they know
your core values without fear of loss.

You're looking for truth not validation, not some weak ass response to pat the ego.
2. Focus you're purpose in life is..higher than wanting a girlfriend.
This allows you to go and build a great life, a big life and a world that attracts
women. It's actions will steer you forward in what you're passionate about
anyway.
So even if one girlfriend comes and leaves, you're opportunities are vast due to
life you build. It draws in women anyway because you are doing your thing,
you're meeting tons of people, you're living your passion.
You know people come and go but goals, purpose, achievement will always bring
challenges to you but most of all - no one can take that away from you.
3. Be Proactive
Of course, you will need to go and approach, build your foundation, like an
entrepreneur who attracts leads. He/she ﬁlls her sales funnel with many leads.
Knowing full well that the more they go out and do the work in attracting, the
more numbers, contacts, leads they will have.
That way they can focus on the ones who take action rather the ones who are not
interested or playing hard to get.
This third one is where many don't do but that's because of fear of rejection. They
haven't sorted out the ﬁrst step ﬁrst.
3. Learn to approach attractively
Far too many guys think by confessing their feelings to a woman, crying in front
of her to impress them is attractive. It is not. You will see in Quora many
questions by guys and even girls asking..
"How do I IMPRESS the girl/guy."
Instead they need to not do things to be liked, validated, accepted. They need to
live, gain social skills, learn to be a better version of themselves for...themselves.
For their life, passion, career and not to impress someone.
No use a guy or girl asking, "how do I get a guy" when they also have trouble with,
"what do I say when I approach or talk about?"
They haven't lived and they needed to ﬁrst focus on themselves, on living more,
in gaining social kills and building their life u.
So learn how to approach and socialise in an attractive manner. In other words,
learn to communicate your leadership qualities in an appealing manner.
It is a skill, so read up, learn and grow.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when the girl I like calls me cute and stares
at me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you missed the opportunity to ﬂirt, tease, and ask her out to see if she is
interested in you or she's just pratting about for attention. Usually, by patting a
guy's ego on how cute they are ;)
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

What would you say to the one that got away?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What would you like to tell to that someone who got away?

Me - Can I have my Lord of the Rings collection back.
Her - (She gives me it back)
Me - Thanks. Cya. Have a great day.
Her - But I thought I was the one who got away!
Me - Yes, but I wasn't that desperate whining over you. I was far too busy getting
laid, having fun, partying, smoking, dancing, grinding and getting laid some
more. Like a smoke of this?
Her - oh, erm, no.
Me - This is good shit. Anyway, cya.
The end.
872 Views · View Upvoters

What do you think guys?Does he still like me? why does he
stare?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The guy approached you. He asked you for your number and you tell him, "I hate
you." That's how much self worth you got because really, you didn't hate him but
you...hated yourself tio believe no guy would approach you.
So immaturity, lack of self esteem...you go and self sabatage it and in a way where
you probably burnt that bridge.
He stares at you not because he likes you but because you're a negative
experience he went through. You are what most guys call a snob but really,
you're not a snob but immature, insecure and lack a lot of conﬁdence in yourself.
You're a memory to him. A reminder of a bad experience.
So of course, when he sees you, he will look at you.
Does he like you?
He had the bottle to take the risk to ask you and you rejected him nasty way too.
Now you ﬁnd your bottle and take the risk and ask him out.
You might then feel what it's like when a guy has courage to approach a girl and
ask her out but don't be surprised, he says no.
Hey, people remember how you make them feel for a very long time. Especially
when it comes to rejection.
608 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora User

What does it mean when a girl says Aww thank U when you give
her a compliment through text?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For her - same old thing. She's saying thank you. You just patted her ego and
made her feel important but it doesn't mean squat when it comes to being
interested in you. Girls get compliments all time from guys. It's a typical response
"aww thank you."

For you - you wear a social mask, it's all ego - doing things to be accepted,
validated, approved and liked by her. That's why you're asking what it means
because you won't give a damn what it means if you weren't doing it for a
response.
If you like a girl, cut out the compliments and approach and ask her out.
Don't play safe because some guy might see her and he won't be giving her
compliments until he knows, she is into him, is dating him and has emotionally
invested in him too.
So watch it with complimenting girls far too often.
37.6k Views · View Upvoters

The man I am dating is very rich his friends are in the movie
and fashion industry. I feel inferior, how do I stop it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's easy saying be yourself but problem is you need to know why you feel this
way.
This is our ego.
It is the mask we wear in society and this mask took me a long time to throw away.
It is a mask that comes from fear.
It is not your true nature but rather it is this hunger of refering who you are from
other sources outside of you. It is a mask you wear to be liked, accepted, to ﬁt in
and to get validation.
Many for examples who ask questions like..
- How do I impress a girl
- How do I ask a girl out
- How do I make a girl like me
- How do I make a guy like me
- How do I make friends like me
All these and more are people who wear masks to be liked, validated, loved, liked
and they do things to get a response from outside themselves.
To questions like..
- Do I text ﬁrst?
- What does it mean, if she texts ﬁrst but doesn't respond when I text
- He/she's rich, got a good job and I am worried I'm not good enough for him/her.
Fear. People doing things to try to control a situation, an outcome or how
someone sees them due to fear of.....loss.
So anything that is not about your true nature will heavily focus on objects
outside. I use objects and not in that I am trying deﬁne people as objects. So I
hope we have some sense to stay away from the BS of political correctness.
I am going to say objects as a term of something that is outside of ourselves.
Objects like what someone else thinks of you, what someone else's opinion is of
you, what society refers you as.
For example....

This is the object <<<< and you use this object to deﬁne who you are. You do things
to get a response rather than communicating who you really are, your values,
your feelings and even disagreeing if you need to when you hear something you
don't like without fear of loss.
You think that this object, or situation, or circumstances or someone else's
opinion of you are/is what deﬁnes you.
That this object tells you what you are.
That this objects is needed for you to live, breath, survive.
So referring yourself to an object, comparing yourself to an object is the seeking
and the pursuit of validation, acceptance, approval of others.
The moment you refer your 'self' to an object then you behave to get a response.
You don't behave out of truth nature. You don't behave the way you want to due to
fear of what someone else thinks.
Their opinion then is more important than you're own opinion about yourself.
You don't behave in honesty, transparency, authenticity by showing who you
really are but rather to get a response....
- To be liked.
- Accepted
- Approved
- Validated
- Fit in
- To please
This very strong desire to control all these things such as people's opinions but
people's opinions are not truth.
People's opinions isn't reality only to themselves.
Because people's opinions come from their perception, their upbringing, their
environment, the programs...data they got from people they
knew...read...listened to, heard and watched.
People's opinion can change through time, experiences, what they hear, see, and
even media can inﬂuence them to see someone else, a nation, a person, a belief, a
culture in a diﬀerent light.
This creates their perception and their perception is their truth NOT yours.
But you try so hard to control all this.
This creates stress. It creates anxiety and gets you to wear a mask.
Much of the problem is due to social conditioning. It's why most guys fear
rejection and fear approaching women in open enviroment because of what
someone said.
I once approached a very attractive women and I had a friend with me. A woman.
When I approached, got her number and walked away- my friend said..
"Some guys and girls were looking and they were kind if laughing because of you
approaching her."
My reply, "you give a lot of thought on what someone else thinks when I don't
give a fuck. Better you focus on what you want and go for it than worried what

some people think."
A lot of people are like this.
They don't take action or when they do, it is to impress, to get a response,
validation, seeking to be approved. I don't because to do so limits me.
Ego is that self image face, the mask we wear in society for people to accept us, for
approval, for validation and the pit is huge that you can never ﬁll it.
This mask is all about one thing...
To be approved by others. To be accepted by others. To be liked by others. To ﬁt
in with other and it robs you.
It also robs people of seeing you, your personality, values and passion.
It is fear.
When we are true to ourself, we don't need approval. We don't fear change. We
don't fear criticisms. This is true freedom.
Just this can set you apart from people and being ahead in life because majority
of people wear the mask of ego.
We also do not feel we are less than anyone or feel someone else is better than us
because they got the money, wealth, cars, ﬁne clothes.
Imagine attaching who you are to outside of yourself.
So when these things dissappear, well, now the person thinks they have lost their
value but they haven't.
They had that value long before money, people, cars, jobs, relationships every
came into their lives.
What draws people to you, real genuine people, is you having the power of the
self.
Let go of feeding the ego and remove the mask or you're going to ﬁnd yourself
unhappy and attract men who don't appreciate who you are. You will also attract
people who don't appreciate you too.
Don't rob yourself and world of who you are.
We got enough imitators as it is in the world.
266 Views

If a girl ﬂirts with me a lot/acts interested how do I not
thoroughly screw it up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No technique is going to help because his mindset is poor. A technique won't help
him when you're focusing on response but rather you approach to qualify a girl to
ﬁrst see if she's someone you'd date.
Mindset ﬁrst. Remove your social mask to be accepted, validated and to impress
and approach to ﬁrst see if she's someone you want to date. Flirting, teasing is
ﬁne but only for a few minutes and then you take action.
Far too many guys ﬁrt, tease far too much for ego...to get some response rather
than to ﬁnd the truth - ie.. she's interesed or she's not. If not, move on.
So ﬁrst..

Removing your ego i.e. the mask which is for social image. It is a mask soley
about seeking validation, acceptance. You're not approaching a girl for
acceptance but for you to ﬁnd out ﬁrst..
a) She is who you really want to know about. You know type of girl you want and
when you know the type - you're approach wikll be there to screen, not kiss her
ass to get her approval. You're going to approach for the following reason...
c) That you like her personality and she has shown she is available and that she
isn't going to be socially damn awkward, play hard to get and all that. She will
show that by the next step....
d) She is friendly, she is conversing with you and there's rapport there by you
making it fun, light hearted and not serious. And...
c) That she's is interested in you and want to know more about you. She shows
this by her behavior with you when you do the next step....
e) She says yes when you ask to go out for coﬀee etc. Not, "Oh I don't know," or
"I'm not read yet for serious relationship," or "I don't know you."
These do not qualify her for you to pursue. If she cannot say what you want her to
say then you move on.
So you're mindset isn't about be accepted, validated, approved by impressing her.
Instead it is an approach to ﬁrst ﬁnd out if she is someone you really want to date
and she is willing to ﬁnd out more.
First get good at getting into right frame and later when you got that going, you
can look at techniques.
So forget all this "avoidiung screwing up."
That's fear. You are seeking validation, a response instead of you approaching to
see if she ﬁts with what you want. Don't put girls on a pedestal.
If you're mindset isn't sorted then you're going to ﬁnd yourself being needy,
desperate and you won't be able to walk away from a girl if she doesn't behave in a
way you like.
Remove that mask because no technique will help you if you are not in the right
frame of mind.
680 Views

How do i not fall for a guy who lives 3000 miles away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Very simple. You stop contact and focus your attention on someone in your own
locality. So no messages, contact and you say no. Then move on.
Feelings come from thought. The more you emotionally invest thought, time,
eﬀort and that idea in your mind - the more it grows.
So like the Hydrah dragon you don't cut oﬀ the head as it will grow more heads.
You aim at the heart - you cut oﬀ all contact, communication and any other
actions.
Just stop talking to guy, messaging, and move on.
350 Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if my friends don't like hanging out with me
because I don't party?

Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Find new friends who don't party and who don't think not partying, drinking a
little isn't boring. You could always make new friends and I advise people to not
stick to one group of friends.
Personally, I have always expanded my social work so the group does not dictate
me but I go into many groups, and have fun. I have friends who play chess
everyday, friends who love to read, friends who don't go out much but into
science and discussioning stuﬀ, friends who play guitar, singers, songwriters,
designer, techie computer experts who are always on laptops 7 days a week to
raving friends who got party.
I was similar years ago but after some work on myself, I really don't give a shit
about what others think and now, you can't stop me interacting with people.
Many of my friends now come to me for advise on dating, marketing, sales
because I'm become this guy diﬀerent to what I was years ago.
I don't even know that guy I was back then.
I've also become one of the top sales person in many jobs but that's become I
worked on myself, didn't let it deﬁne me. I was also shy too and introvert but
again, I do not let these deﬁne me. Read tons of book, went to many trainings and
developed myself.
I'd be the ﬁrst who greet people and the ﬁrst to approach women too. Very
diﬀerent guy to what I was years ago.
If you want help with overcoming social anxiety it will take consistent work. Seek
professional help or at least, read books to help you understand it and to also
grow yourself.
But in regards of friends, I would advise look at your core values and be friends
with people similar to your values and interest. Everyone's diﬀerent but the world
is ﬁlled with many people who will enrich your life and you will enrich theirs.
So make new friends. Take your time, one step at a time.
2 Views · View Upvoters

I was rejected should I try again?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's still attached to the previous relationship and that happens a lot when
someone just come out of a relationship. Consider this because it does play a big
role and you don't want to emotionally invest time, eﬀort when a guy might
probably run back to the previous relationship if the door suddenly opens up.
I wouldn't try again. Instead it's best to take what he said and respect that. He just
wants to be friends. He also called you and said he wanted to be friends.
So don't try again but respect his wishes.
If you feel you cannot be friends because you have feelings for him then be
honest with yourself and him about that. Then move on. If you're ok about it and
can move on then just stick to friends but don't push it.
419 Views · View Upvoters

How can I try again after being rejected but after that she said
"we will see what happens"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She's not into you. It's clear as day this girl isn't into you but loves the attention
you give her. And if a girl says this to me, this will happen...
Her - We'll see what will happen
Me - It has already happened
Her - What you mean?
Me - I'm moving on. I've changed my mind.
Done. I'm not going to wait for someone to decide. I've moved on and believe me
when I do that, most girls wonder, "what the hell. Why didn't he wait."
Because there are plenty of women on this planet.
Imagine for a moment - you was running a business. Your business, your lifestyle,
your goals in life is based on the result you generate in the sales. So let's imagine
you focus your time on dead end beat numbers, on prospects who are not looking
for what you have to oﬀer. No matter what the excuses they give.
You got bills to pay. You got debts to pay. You got expenses to pay.
You're chasing one person who doesn't even know what they bloody want. You're
business now is dead. You haven't made a sale.
But now let's change it, that you're have high self worth and self respect. You
know what priority means.
You approach many people and you ﬁnd due to you approaching many, some are
saying yes we're interested. Some are saying...maybe. Some say, "I'm not ready
yet."
You focus on the ones wh say yes. They are interested.
If you orbit around the ones who say no, not interested yet, and all that, you miss
out on the ones who will say yes.
Now, I'm not saying people are numbers mate. You need to have sense on the
context I'm talking about. That a guy of self respect knows not to spend his time,
eﬀort, energy on someone who doesn't want to take time to know him.
You miss out big time when you do.
Yes, I know the desperate will say, "OOoh, but you know, bide your time, wait."
A guy with options doesn't wait on one person. He moves on. He approaches
many, and like an entrepreneur, he ﬁlls his pipeline with quality girls who want to
date him, and he now isn't...frustrated....with one girl.
He has girls to date and so he tells each girl..
"I'm not looking for anything serious yet and I'm just dating and having fun."
So you date diﬀerent girls, screening out, ﬁltering, seeing who is reliable, who is
not socially awkward, who you get along with the most until...KABOOM! You ﬁnd
a girl you really...like, really get along with.
Now you let loose the others and focus on her.
What most average typical guys do, is they see one girl, and fall all over her and
usually one who doesn't give a damn. Who plays them. Who plays hard to get or
who isn't interested.
You think a girl is only talking to one guy?

Think again. They do the same and pretend to guys they don't. They got guys
texting them.
Don't wait on one girl. If she doesn't show interest, move on. Move fast.
Especially a girl who is playing hard to get with "we'll see what happens."
She will see nothing. You move on.
991 Views · View Upvoters

If I ask someone to go out with me, how much do I have to
spend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about a cup of coﬀee. That's what I do on my ﬁrst date. We go for a drink of
coﬀee or sometimes icecream at this very cool place I know in London.
Or we go for a walk and grab something from one of the stalls.
Then we go on an adventure going through China Town in London and have fun
checking some places out.
So really, you don't have to spend much and you be smart in realising this isn't
about sitting watching a one hour move on your asses or resturant.
There has been some dates where I didn't spend anything. We walked, talked, had
fun getting to know each other.
It's about the experience, fun, getting to know, walking, communication and
chilling together.
170 Views · View Upvoters

I am living with my boyfriend and I broke up with him, I am
moving out tomorrow. Should I leave him a letter appreciating
what we had?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn't. You broke up with him. The last thing he needs is a letter than
reminds him even more you broke up with him.
Just move on and leave it at that.
147 Views

How do I subtly show a guy that I'm interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In a prevous answer I got this comment. Although I do know Maryam was just
being light hearted. But she does have a point because some women do think like
that....

Being subtle isn't going to do you much good because as a man, I want clarity. I
want certainty if a woman is interested in me.
When I am interested in a woman, I am no way subtle. I am direct. I approach,
ﬂirt, tease and say she is attractive, but good looks are common and like to get to
know her over coﬀee. And I ask for her number.
Direct..

So I expect the same from a woman too if she is interested in me without the
subtle messages because they only confuse the matter.
I'm going to be open, transparent, direct and that leaves me wide open.
Vulnerable and I expect that to be so for the woman too.
But if all I get is subtle, well, forget it. I'm not going to risk it. I won't even know
the woman is interested. I just think she wants..........attention.
Just ﬂirting for...fun or for ego boost.
I have had plenty of women inviting me to their home. Now I could easily
assumed they were interested in me and we'll be going for it but they did it under
disguise of looking at their song. Or looking at their work. Or something else but
they were never clear they were interested in me.
There is another side to it for guys.
It's dangerous for us to take action on subtle approaches from women.
I could be put for rape charges.
I could get done for assault.
I could get hit with court charges and all because I thought the woman was
interested in me but she wasn't.
So a guy today, can't act because of some subtle message in a political correct
climate.
Subtle scares the daylights out of many men.
They were subtle and it didn't do much good for any of these women. The ones I
did date weren't subtle at all.
I'll be blunt in saying, their conﬁdent, their feminity, their sexual wisdom just
turned me on. Even when a woman isn't that attractive, her conﬁdence, the way
she looks at me, smiles, bites her lips and knows how to use all she got...turns me
on.
All the women who did the approach and I dated were direct in their approach to
such a level, they were master seducers, in that they touched my hand when we
had coﬀee. They'd stroke my arm and they will tease, ﬂirt and say they into me.
That for me is a turn on because I have met so many women who are not
conﬁdent, always subtle and well, meh, doesn't turn me on. Too much work. Too
many distractions and lack of clarity.
They were direct. They were conﬁdent, courageous and made it clear. Their
conﬁdence was very attractive. It's rare to see women approach a guy and say
what they said to me.
This is the 21st century and it's full of women thinking a guy who approaches is a
creep, a guy who looks at her is a perv, a guy who says hello is a murderar. A guy
who even says, "Hey, you look attractive" is a guy who..
A) "Ooooh he doesn't even know me so he must think of sex only"
B) He is a player
C) He's a creep
So if we guys take action, the risk to approach and we're direct then that is same
for woman who likes a guy.
We don't play subtle.

If you play subtle - it will go over our heads. All we will see is mixed signals and
they'll frustrate the man and not bother.
Don't be subtle. Flirt, tease, be a bit more direct and use touch. You can show a
man you're into him by touch, by words you use and by being a bit more direct.
Or you'll be like many women who wonder why their friends dating lots of guys,
having a great time and you're not. Or wonder if you're not attractive because
guys are not approaching or taking action.
5.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do the two girls sitting in front of me in class dislike me for
no reason? I'm new to school, and for no reason, they make
displeasure evident.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because they both kissing each other's ass trying to compete being cool. It's not
you but their immature, pathetic bs most teens go through. Some even don't
know why they do things until they get to a certain age and realise they were
assholes and idoits that follow like sheep.
Even looking back, I wonder about myself as a teen, "who the hell was that guy? I
don't even know him."
At such a young age, hormones kicking oﬀ and complexities of tribal stuﬀ people do the weirdest of stuﬀ. Even the nice guy and girl follow because of
survival. It's not you but a lot of ignorance, fear and lack of maturity.
It's all that competition bs and jelousy streak, and "ooooh, let's pick on someone
to make ourselves feel good and look good."
Yes, it's that pathetic so ignore.
If you're a girl yourself, well, girls will be very vicious with their bs on other girls.
It doesn't happen to just you. It happens to a lot of people. So don't let them
intimidate you and don't try to do things to be accepted either. Ignore them and
live like you don't give a damn.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why my crush avoided me when I got jealous of her talking to
another guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already know the answer but I'll say it anyway, and I am going to be blunt...
1. You have probably already asked her many a times and she rejected you. So she
knows you're behaviour is about preventing other guys getting close to her. And
how you are thinking of no one else but yourself.
2. She hasn't respect for you because she has said no to you many a times and you
still orbit around her like a chump.
3. You have demonstrated that even when a girl said no to you a few times, you
haven't the self respect and self worth to move on. Also she believes that she was
right about saying no to you because you have now proven in her mind - that if
she did say yes - you would have been controlling possessive kind of guy.
So she's glad she has rejected you.
4. She knows you are someone who doesn't give a shit about her but you're own
dick, lust, fantasy, and that urging desire to be fulﬁlled. If you cared about her

you would have respected her wishes and her space, and stop being jelous.
You would have moved on and approached other girls.
5. She sees your behavior as disgusting, needy, desperate and poisonous to her
own social life. Hoping you just bloody well dissappear and move on.
In conclusion = she thinks you're a creep.
Someone to avoid as much as possible.
Especially when she's talking to other guys as you can hinder her chances with
someone she likes.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Would my crush ﬁnd me creepy if I randomly followed him on
Instagram?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, he was still nice to you but he still complained about you. You know why?
Because he's a coward that's why. He's type who smile in front of you, nice, nice
but behind your back he's blasting you.
You need to be mature and also see someone for what they are - rather than by
how they treat you face to face - but what they do behind your back. He
complained about you, he rallied with others about you, he put a complaint about
you which impacted the decision to ﬁre you.
He isn't into you and not does he like you. He's a two faced type of guy with no
balls but would smile in front of you.
People do that a lot in society.
They don't like telling you the truth but be polite, nice, like most people in society
but really, when it came down to it - they don't give a shit.
He doesn't give a shit.
I know this sounds harsh and blunt but you best not follow him and don't do
things because someone else is doing. You only pump his ego up and he'd be
talking about you some more to others. Probably say how desperate you are and
how you ain't got a life and how you so want him so badly.
That's what guys like that do.
People ﬂirt for many reasons - for attention, for fun, for ego and isn't necessarily
because they want to date someone.
His actions is contradictory to what a guy would do if he likes a girl.
So move on, don't bother with him and focus on someone else. Someone who
behaves in a manner that isn't two faced for starters.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

What is a polite or impolite way to prevent an ex friend from
entering my apartment?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're assumptions about the guy is right. Sounds like a right creep. Thinks
because he helped, he's entitled to visit and get in there with you.
He's got only one thing in his mind and you know what that is. Don't trust him
and best you communicate with your husband.

This is no time to keepo these things quite. Manipulators are very good at causing
problems. Talk, communicate and tell your husband immediately. They good at
manipulating and lying. So tell your husband so at least he knows and not ﬁnd
out from somewhere else and in a twisted way.
That guy would love to cause trouble between you and you kill it by trusting your
husband by communicating to him about it.
Let your husband know but together plan quietly on...
1. Finding another accommadation.
2. Eliminate the bastard and asshole from your life especially when he's bad
mouthing about your husband.
3. And...say no.
Learn to say no. It's just one word but it's very powerful. There are laws if he tries
to cause trouble. Make that also be known to the creep too.
But do ﬁnd another accommadation fast as you and your husband can and don't
bother including this guy in your social circle again.
There are bad men and women in every type of race, religion, culture,
community and race. Watch it with people who talk about your man behind your
back especially if it's a guy. They always want something and it's not being a
friend either.
Don't trust this guys.
Be very wary and stay as far as you can from him.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

Are girls impressed by guys who sing really high and strained?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can sing high, really high and strained but also low too. Does it impress? Sure,
gets attention. Does it get you a date? Nop.
The balls to approach a girl and without confessing devotion and all that romance
nonsense - and - make her feel alive. You be fun. You ﬂirt, tease, without worry of
fear of loss.
Let me give you an example.
In all the band members, all are better looking than me. They can also play better
with guitar than I ever could but I am catching up. They ad good upbringing, had
some role model to show them way while I didn't, and found my own way. So I
was years behind but catching up very fast - 6 hours a day playing guitar.
Oh, they also come from wealthy background too, with hot cars, great clothes the
lot.
But here's the thing..
Out of all of them, they don't have bigger balls than I do. Yes, I did say "balls."
So when a girl one day popped up, I found out these guys knew her, liked her but
for one years they didn't approach. Oh they were
strained and all that bs.

ing fantastic at singing. High,

But guess what.
While they were giving it all that with their voices, I see her, and I only needed to
see her once.

So I approach, I ﬂirt, I tease, made her laugh and her friends of girls were cracking
up laughing, and after rehearsal, grabbed her hand, said..
"Let's go, and bring your friends along if you like."
My mates were watching. All fair in love and war ;).
That night, after her friends left, we walked and talked, laughed, kissed and
started dating her for 2 years.
My friends were gutted but hey, they knew her for one year man, and did nothing.
I saw her only once. I wasn't going to make a song and dance to impress her. I
went to get to know her, and have fun too with her.
So here's the deal...
Don't impress.
Make you're life impressive by having the balls to approach the girl you like. Sure,
she may like your voice, you'll get her impressed but it's not the same thing as
attraction.
That is a diﬀerent ball game. It needs....you got it,....balls.
860 Views · View Upvoters

What should I do if my GF has a cold and asks for a kiss?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Kiss her on the cheek or forehead. That's what I do.
But then again, the women I date are smart and aﬀectionate. Haven't had one ask
me for a kiss when they got a cold. In fact whenever the women I date do have a
cold they show a lot of aﬀection, wisdom and selﬂess attitude.
They direct to the cheek and that's where I kiss.
So date smart aﬀectionate women.
782 Views · View Upvoters

What do people do when life gives them ‘lemons’?
Adam Taha, Sharing Lessons From Personal Life Experiences
Answered Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was this teenager. He asked his father for new trainers to run in the cross
country but his father thought it was nonsense. Instead of buying him trainers he
gave him some plimsolls to run.
The day came to run the cross country.
It is cold and icey. The skinny young boy with dreadful yellow shorts his dad
bought in hope his son will shy away from this nonsense sporty stuﬀ...stood in
line with other runners.
It started to snow. It was getting real cold and the boy was shivering...
"Get set! Ready!" bang!
The race began and it didn't take long when he had to go though a ﬁeld which was
very muddy. His plimsolls got real wet and stuck in the deep mud.
He saw other runners getting ahead and decided to take oﬀ the plimsolls and run
barefooted. As he got to the ﬁrst round the teacher saw him running with no
shoes.

He tried to stop him but the boy ignored and kept going. He was pissed oﬀ. Angry
and he was going to ﬁnish this damn race no matter what.
Through a one hour and 15 minutes race he ran barefooted.
At ﬁrst it was painful but as he grit his teeth and ran his heart out, the pain was
gone. His feet felt numb.
He knew he got not long to go but he had to push it if he were to at least win one
medal. He dug in and went past runners, one after another. He began to feel the
pain and grit his teeth to keep going.
He can see third place and he got it by ﬁnal push.
When the race was over, the teacher got him sitting in van as his feet were being
rubbed with a towel and warm hands.
Suddenly he began to feel the pain. It hurt so bad that he cried for a while. It was
very painful for a young man who only knew about the blazing sun. The son of a
steel city worker who came from the east and who hated the snow.
On the last day of leaving school, he was called on stage and was given a large
trophy to take home. The teachers pitched in and bought it. Not because of
winning races but because he never gave up in being a student from a poor family
ampngst students from rich wealthy parents.
He walked home with a trophy and banged it on table.
The next day his father bought him new trainers and tracksuit.
That teenager was me. I am now 45 years old and I even got a quote...
"It's not what you need but what you already got, that will take you as far as you
want to go."
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I tell the girl I like to "never deny my heart, of the need
to be satisﬁed, cause I feel the hunger driving me on to my one
desire"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, this is what we mean about nice guys. Nice guys in this unattractive
behavior. This makes girls, women vomit and run like hell, far away from guys
who say this kind of nonsense.
You must be tripping. You sure you're not smoking something or drunk while
typing this romantic jibberish? Or you have been watching far too many
Bollywood or Hollywood movies.
This is real life not romance novels and movies.
Here's some wisdom..
1. You never confess feelings of love, devotion of any kind to a woman in the
begining because it is selﬁsh. It is you getting it oﬀ your chest.
You go oﬀ talking like that as well writing love letters, will make her feel awkward.
It will also creep her out.
She'd probably think you're unstable and oﬀ your rocker.

Understand, women like a guy who is strong and mature. He can control his
emotions until he got the facts straight. They like a man who understand this
simple and yet profound thought..
That what you feel is never enough for both of you.
Just because you are feeling something doesn't mean anything to her. You can
tell her the light shines out of her ass and how you will kiss her feet, and how
you're heart will break into a millions pieces and doomsday will happen.
She won't give a damn.
Behaving this way is unattractive and desperate. You come oﬀ very insecure and
immature.
All she cares about ﬁrst is...attraction.
2. She doesn't know you.
Even if she is a friend. Even if you knew her that well. She doesn't know you in
that way. She will think..
a) You are someone unstable
b) You're a player
c) Immature
d) Desperate. Creepy.
Why?
Because a guy does not talk like that to a woman who he hasn't dated, she hasn't
emotionally invested, hasn't been intimate with you, hasn't been sexually
intimate, hasn't overcome challenges with you for some years.
When she has been with you, become intimate, dated you many a times, through
some years, marriage, well...you can say those words because now she knows
what you're like.
She will believe your words because she will think..
"We have been together for some years now, dated, overcome many a challenges,
become very intimate and so...I believe what he says."
She will respect you for it because those times, experiences, the years give what
you say meaning.
But if you say this and anything about love, confessing feelings - it will reveal how
easy it is for you to say such things.
That you probably say it to most women anyway.
Just stop being serious with this romantic stuﬀ and approach her with a greeting
of hello and just get to know her. Be relatable. make her laugh, smile, relaxed.
That, "this guy makes me feel damn good. I can relate to him. I want to know
more about this guy.."
Leave all this love, confessing feeling away back.
820 Views · View Upvoters

I've seen a woman twice. She is demanding (!) a watch for
Christmas and doesn't want to to give me her address. Am I
being two times and used?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I met this woman at one of those plush resturants.
She was sitting a bit away but she kept looking and I looked. After meal and all
that, I walked up and said hi and we taked, ﬂirted, teased, exchanged numbers.
We later went on a date, twice, and it was near christmas and she said..
"Buy me a watch."
I said, "what?"
"A watch?"
"No problem." I asked.
It's not what you think. Keep reading....
Now I like you to imagine, a tall, blonde, blue eyes, hot, sexy, curves of a woman.
Very attractive. A woman for a chump to think, "Ooooh, I don't want to lose her."
We meet again.
The city blazing with Christmaslights and we were kissing. I said I'll give her gift
later on and she was ok about that.
We went to her house, we eat, made love, and then after shower and all, I gave her
a gift. Her eyes wide open and the way it was wrapped up was amazingly done. I
got someone to do it. The box looked plush too.
She opened it up and suddenly, she gave this weird expression.
"I..erm...what's this?" She says. Her white pale skin face blushing
"You asked for a watch."
"But...it's plastic and yellow."
"That's not all. It ﬂashes too, if you press the button on the side! It's a $1 watch. It's
the thought that counts."
Drama kicked oﬀ as I walked out of her house and headed oﬀ to the night clubs.
The night was still young.
Message of the day mate..
Don't be a chump.
42 Views · View Upvoters

Why would a girl that likes me not give me her number?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Oh that one. Hahaha. See it ﬁrst as you are one lucky guy because if you was like
most chumps who orbit and don't ask; you would have wasted tons of time.
Probably come on here bitching about a girl with a life story I cannot bothered to
read.
So ﬁrst, you did good to ask and second,...
1. Girls ﬂirt, tease, for other reasons like:
a ) They want attention even when they got a boyfriend
b) To feel good
c) To feel they can pull a guy in with super powers

d) For fun.
Only way to ﬁnd out is you ﬁrst approach to tease, ﬂirt, converse to show your
personality and then...ask out, and number exhange.
If that don't happen you know to move on and don't give her anymore attention.
Just move on and approach other girls.
Take it as a no.
2. Now if she is like young, 15, well mate....there's more BS to take in because at
that age, it's all about what people think, what makes them look great, and if he
this and that. You know...popularity.
If you keep with her, chasing her it ain't going to do nothing except make you
look desperate and pat her ego.
You can go and approach other girls, date and all that, and STILL....if she shows
interest...you can date her. That's if you're not dating someone else by then.
Problem with most guys they got their head up their ass with "SHE'S THE ONE."
Learn to move fast, don't orbit and don't put one girl on a pedestal. You'll be eaten
alive in the big wide world if you do.
15.8k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says not yet to your proposals?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means, don't wait around because they are not so into you to make you a
priority. You're like the plan B kind of thing. When all else goes ape shit, well
then...ok I will now say yes.
I have a rule. It goes like this in my mind..
"I don't give a shit that you're busy, don't know, and not yet. You either say yes or
no. And anything else tells me to move on."
So if a girl says, "not yet," then I'd have moved on so fast mate, I'd have
approached another 10 women and got a yes. Screw the "not yet" like I'm going to
wait.
I found this rule has helped me to not get fucked about or wait for anyone who
doesn't seem so interested to date, have coﬀee and expects me to wait because
the planet isn't packed with women.
So do yourself a favour. Don't worry about what it means. 4
Be the chooser. You won't hardly ﬁnd any woman approaching men. Very rare
mate. Very rare but you as a guy with balls can approach many women. You
become the chooser.
She can wait on her pretty ass all day deciding but you have already approached
many the next day and moving on.
Yes or no. That is all you want. The rest, well, it can be thrown to the wind for all
you care. Don't wait. Move on.
677 Views · View Upvoters

What do I do if I don't trust men's intentions at all?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think most men can say same about women too but either way, here's how I see
it. I believe we don't attract what we want but who we are.
It's good to be wary and it shows maturity too but if a person isn't self aware of
themselves, their own core values and not conﬁdent enough to stand by them
then you make it easier for anyone to abuse.
Human nature is selﬁsh, good or bad, most will take advantage anyway and use
their bs morality and rationality on why they do it.
It's dangerous to give a sweeping generalising about men and women.
I've met many manipulating women, disgusted by most I have met and even to
the point I thought women were oﬀ their fucking rocker. Seriously, I use to think
they were manipulating, double faced bitches, cheaters, liars, get away with a lot.
Full of shit about a lot of things, including dating, sex, marriage and the way they
see world. One way they want this but do the opposite. They like this but go for
opposite. They want to say yes but say no, I don't know, blah blah.
Confused the hell out of me years ago.
Even from the dating aspect, the BS I see, the hypocrisy, the mind games was just
a turn oﬀ for me. Waste of time. To the many women I saw marry some guy and
then screw his best mate.
I'm not the guy I was back then. I wasn't so sure of myself. Too nice if you like to
call it but now, I won't think twice walking away from a woman who even tries to
disrespect me when we date. I am very diﬀerent man today than I was years ago.
So there's plenty example seeing that in most women too and one can think that
women are manipulation, liars, chears, and emotional wreck, and confusing to
understand. Never mind just in dating but in everything.
Heck talking about attractive women. I saw them snobs, got it easy, don't give a
damn about other people and think their attractiveness gives them some
entitlement. I have seen many women like that who are attractive.
Even part you're saying,"they weren't even attractive." That part makes me laugh
because ego doesn't care about who is attractive or not. Like, it's ok if they were
attractive, at least they were attractive, so it's less of bad thing then.
But as I grew and as I matured - I began to see that much of the problem isn't the
women I was meeting - but rather - my own fears. It was my own ego, neediness,
desire for validation, acceptance and to be liked.
It was me projecting by past experiences and the programs in my head from other
people's experiences.
It was also my own anger, dissappointments about a lot of things with people, life
and the way I saw society.
I can even say, much of the pain in my life with women, with lots of things was
my own doing. Yes, someone else had a part in it to, many but it was my own
doing. It was my own fears of loss.
I acknowledge that and in doing so, it allowed me to break free from my own
shackles but also from the perceptions of others, and their programs. So that I can
think for myself and in a way I can see the person for who they are instead of
lumping them with all the experiences I once in the past.
The moment I realised this at a deeper level was the moment I woke up. It was
painful because I had to take responsibility for my own life and how I see the
world. Everything changed not just with women in regards to dating,

relationships but also in developing friends, prioritising my life, business and
how I see success.
What happeneded?
I started attracted wonderful women, smart women, compassionate, wise and
women I thought didn't really exist. Women who just want to give and many were
attractive too and not like most I use to see.
That doesn't mean we don't live in a world that isn't brute, judging, unforgiving,
harsh but we stop with the generalising and assuming by projecting our own
perception to what we see.
I give people chances but I am on guard still. I look at facts not my assumptions,
my fears and my perception which can create lots of stories that are not true.
I found myself happier, forgiving and willing to go out in the world with a positive
outlook to life and people.
The result is I feel this calmness inside that I give time to know someone. I can't
assume and generalise about women, culture, beliefs, and all the people on this
planet. Instead, I stay open minded while following my core values.
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

I Asked her to go out, then gave me her number, texted her the
next day asking if shes free and said not anytime soon. Was that
to fast?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You asked "if she will let you take her out for lunch?"
Second you asked like no one is busy, a closed question. Instead you needed to
lead and ask in a way that she is meant to say yes.
So it must have been one heck of an ego boost to hear a guy asking her
permission. You don't ask a woman out like you're asking for a permission. So
from looks of it you didn't ﬂirt, tease, be fun, make he ﬁrst see why she should say
yes
The approach needed some work.
However....
Women give out numbers all time to guys for many reasons. One is they love the
attention. Two....they hate saying no because many guys approach them.
They don't want to cause conﬂict and awkwardiness. So they give the number
and reject on how busy they are, that it's not the right time and all that.
Distance yourself from her and start ﬂirting with other women outside work.
Show her you got options instead making her think she's only one.
Funny how things change when women see you pursued and dating other
attractive women.
41 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Luis Cardenas

Before this boy asked me out, I heard him talk about another
girl. When he asked me out, I said, "I don't know you." Do you
think he'll ask me again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This could be him right here..

Adam Taha's answer to What does it mean if you ask a lady out, and she says that
she doesn't know you enough?
If he's following my advise he probably won't bother asking you out. He'll see it as
you being indecisive or you're rejecting him. Als maybe think you don't get what
dating is about and will just move on.
You will need to take the action now because he has already asked you.
I personally won't ask a girl out a second time if she said that but move on. I'd see
it as a rejection and she's just being polite.
499 Views · View Upvoters

Should I break up with my boyfriend before Christmas or after
Christmas?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It doesn't matter when his birthday is, or christmas etc. It's best to say it to him
face to face, immediately. He's going to get hurt either way, so might as well get it
done fast. Just meet him, face to face and do it.
No use dragging it on as there is no right time for this except now kind of thing.
388 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if you ask a lady out, and she says that she
doesn't know you enough?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not very bright is she? Or probably heard you talking about another girl
because...
Before this boy asked me out, I heard him talk about another girl. When he asked
me out, I said, "I don't know you." Do you think he'll ask me again?
Best you move on if she can't ﬁgure out that going out for coﬀee is what people do
to get to know each other.
Her - I don't know you enough
You - That's what having a coﬀee together or drink is for.
Honestly, if a woman said that to me, I'd roll my eyes and think, "she got some
cells missing" and move on.
129 Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to be a social person?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A lot of people see social as a way to get something. As a way to be validated,
accepted, liked and to ﬁt in.
But I see being sociable like this...
I personally, like people. I'm very interested in people and sometimes to a fault.
It's why I invested a lot of years studying certain type of knowledge skills like
communication skills, psychology, inﬂuence, sales, marketing and the science
with social networking.
Though I am introvert and though I was shy years ago, these two does not deﬁne
me. I've never let these two prevent me to appreciate that there is a world out

there full of people, men, women, young and older.
All of whom have passions, goals, dreams, needs, wants.
So what I did is this...
1. I ﬁgured out what my passion is. I have many things that give me great joy. I'm
mult-talented. Not born talented but through love of these things like...art,
painting, sketching, design, writing, music, dancing became skills.
Oh yeah, I love women. I am not ashamed of it either. I love dating women,
approaching women, and I have a lot of fun. Most who became band members
and amazing friends and women I've dated.
2. I ﬁgured out my core values. My values help me to determine the type of people
I want to associate with, who I don't want to associate with, who I want to work
with and not work with - but also the boundaries too.
People who know me, know the line to not step over. I don't blast people about it
but they know from my behavior and I do call up on people when they try, but in
a private polite way.
3. I then did some research. Not much but ﬁgured out where all the best places for
what I love to do and went there. I participated and slowly but surely, with
consistently showing my face I made lots of friends.
Everytime I go out in world and stay away from internet a lot, I hone in my social
skills face to face. I get to learn a lot about how to interact, the diﬀerent
personalities, traites of people and so many things much faster face to face.
These are just some of the things I did.
The key is to be proactive. To meet the world and take initiative. The world
doesn't come to us. If we stay in our homes and comfort zone then nothing is
really going to happen.
If we keep doing the same thing which doesn't better our lives and grow our
social skills then nothing is going to happen.
658 Views · View Upvoters

Why does love make us afraid to say things we want to say?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love doesn't make us afraid. Love is very strong if one ﬁrst loves themselves. It is
the fear of loss. It is the need to be liked, validated, approved, accepted and the
fear of being alone. The fear that if the person loses someone they won't ﬁnd
someone else.
That's not love. That's a prison.
The most powerful prison and walls is the one we create ourselves in our mind.
129 Views · View Upvoters

Are most men attracted to nice woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I suppose most most men are.
But nice don't mean much to be if I'm not sexually attractive to her. I have to be
attracted to the woman. So it's not just one thing.

Yes, the ﬁrst that will get my attention is her look, her body posture, ﬂowing of
her hair, her white pale skin, the smile and she's approachable. The way she is
dressed.
Then if I approach it's if I can click with her, there is a connection, and a vibe I
feel. call it chemistry...or.....personality etc. If she's nice, kind, gentle, but also
conﬁdent in her passion, not socially awkward and I have a great conversation
with too, all the better.
But ﬁrst for me....is being attracted to her.
Percieved value - the way she looks will get my attention but the rest will keep my
attention.
586 Views · View Upvoters

Why do girls avoid boys on Facebook?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Uusually, someone who ask this question is due to a girl avoiding him because
he's interested in her. She knows that but she isn't really interested and so, she
isn't recipocrating the same.
Girls avoid guys they are not interested in and also guys they don't know. Oh sure,
they'll dance when he's the hot stuﬀ but even then they wary.
Girls get approached, emailed, spammed, "hi blah blah" by other guys many a
times. It's typical thing. It's not new to girls to get such unsolicited messages and
just because a guy likes her and she knows, means nothing.
Personally, if I ﬁnd I don't get response with a woman either by phone, text or
whatever....I won't be frustrated. Why?
I got options. Tons of numbers and other women I'm talking to, connecting with
who are interested but will nbe focusing on one who responds, takes action, and
behabves in a way I want. That she shows interest.
Now if you know a girl and she knows you like her, but avoids you....well, time to
let her go. No use bothering and move on.
Stop messaging her, talking to her. Stop communicating with her and just move
on. Don't give her anymore attention.
Move on kind of thing.
144 Views · View Upvoters

When you ﬁrst see a woman from a distance what is the
primary attribute you use to determine her attractiveness?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course he looks, ﬁgure but most important....if she is smiling, body language.
The way she dressed, the ﬂowling of her hair, body posture. How she holds
herself i.e. she doesn't look awkward to be approachable.
I look for the smile but most of time I see no smile, dead expression like a model
doing the cat walk on stage.
1 View

Attractive Women: Why do I receive many, many compliments
on my appearance and yet people passing by don't pay special
attention to me?

Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're not going to notice much because men have grown to be careful in staring
at women. If he stares he is a creep. If he does this, he's a perv. If he does that he's
blah blah. You get me. Times have changed and lots of political correctness these
days and a lot more fear.
You won't see head turn no matter how hot you look but you will be seen. It's just
guys will look in a certain way i.e. a couple second look of eyes without moving
their head as they walk and they zoom past.
Also we men know most women want the attention and all compliment and then
complain about how guys just only care about women's looks. And...
What is it now I hear a lot. Oh yeah...."All men just think about sex." ;)
Damned if you do, damned if you don't - is a phrase that comes to mind.
Yes, we look, some may give you compliment but head turning. Nop, this isn't the
matrix movie. It ain't going to happen.
I see plenty of attractive women. Yes, beautiful I suppose but to bother talking to
them, bother approaching, I don't know. It's not that they're intimidating.
They just look damn boring to me. Plain. Yes, beautiful but plain, no smile, ﬁrm
look, like plastic. Like models walking on stage with dead expression on their face
and dead personality.
Yes, long legs, nice curves, tight sweet asses but when I look at the face, it maybe
beautiful but I like to see a smile, a bit of charisma, the thing that tells you, "I am
approachable."
I did see an attractive woman today.
Seen her 3 times on same street everytime I walk by. Tall, blonde, with ﬂowing
her but since I don't see that something, a smile, a hint of humanity, a hint of
something called "I got an awesome personality, come and say hi"
I'm like...
"Usual stuﬀ. Yep, usual sameness. Can get that from any damn woman
everywhere I look. Meh. Walk on Adam. Walk on."
And walk on I do after a couple second of a look....which she won't even know.
Whooooooooooosh. I have walked past and she be thinking..
"No one even sees me. How come no heads turn when they see me? Why?"
Oh sure, guys have looked but anything else. See you way in distance and by time
we got to you, our eyes straight ahead, meh. You got to have something else.
It takes a lot more than looks, sexy body, curves to get me to get my head turned
and approach.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

Did he indirectly ask me to be his date to this Christmas Ball?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be one step ahead of him...
Him - Listen, I am going to that ball...just so you know :)
You - Then you can pick me up at (give time) outside (whatever place). I sure hope
you can dance ;)

Have fun with that one. He will either freak him out which is his fault for playing
mind games - or he will say, 'see you then.'
45 Views

There is a girl I like and want to tell her so, but I am afraid of her
reaction. Should I tell her how I feel?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I like a girl but I'm afraid of her reaction if I tell her. What should I do?

There was this young man. All he ever wanted to do was run. Many thought he
was too young to run the race. So young that most atheletes were making jokes
about him.
But no matter what anyone said, he didn't ﬂinch.
They thought he was tough as nails. His mindset must be so damn strong to be
able to take such a beating with words.
He got it from the journalist and papparizi who were laughing at him too. He got
it from the other coaches. He even got it from the crowd of people but no matter
what anyone said, he just seemed oblivious to it all.
While other runners hands were down on the ﬂoor, ready to run, he kept his eyes
on the ﬁring pistol. He stood upright.
"Get ready, steady," BANG!
The race began and the young man was getting a lot of shouting from crowd and
also the runners too but he kept going.
The cross country was tough and disheartening for most but this young man kept
on going. He past the ﬁrst bunch of races, then the others. The crowd began to
shout louder at the young man but still he kept his eyes on the prize.
As he came down the hill, he ran past three more runners and now he was on ﬁrst
place. He crosses the ﬁnish line and wins.
As he is ushered towards the stage to get the trophy. The young man stared at guy
who was about to ask him a question. He stared at his face with blazing focus. His
eyes piercing to make even the presenter feel nervous..
The presentor holding the microphone asked...
"How did you win the race with so many people shouting like that? How did you
concentrate like that?"
The young man put the trophy down and spoke with his sign language. The
young man's coach translated as the boy replied using sign language...
"When I saw the people I thought they were cheering me on. I thought the same
with the runners too. They all seemed so passionate for me to win. It pushed me
even. How could I not lose with so much cheering even if I couldn't hear their
positive words. I had to win. Thank you everyone for your help."
The presenter was stunned. The crowd silenced and suddenly they roared with
cheers. They fell in love with the young man's spirit.
You see, when you're so eager to be liked, validated, approved by others then you
will always try so hard to impress.
Instead you're mindset should be this...
You are approaching her to not ask for a date yet, but to ﬁrst ﬁnd out what she is
like. Is she the one you really want to date? Does she have a great personality? Is

she conﬁdent or is she going to act all that.
So before you ask her out - ﬁrst qualify her!
First approach with fun, tease, ﬂirt, converse and to see what she is like. Let her
ﬁrst see your personality too and don't try and impress.
Then ask her out for coﬀee.
If she says no, then you move on because you are not here to be liked, validated,
accepted and ﬁt in. You are here to choose who can see you and who is willing to
take the time to know you.
The one who doesn't is her loss not yours. She rejected herself to know you and
so, that means she hasn't got what you want.
That's great news!
You now move on.
Detache from the outcome and this need to be liked, approved, validated and
accepted.
Find your balls and take the risk.
Know yourself and that is all you need to know.
1. You like the girl?
2. Approach to ﬁrst ﬁnd out if you really want to even date her in ﬁrst place.
The bigger picture of dating, what she might think, is left alone. Focus on
narrowing the picture to a very small one.
That "I'll ﬁrst approach to say hi and she what she's like. I'll converse with her. Be
fun and if she shows some promise, she is fun too and not pain in the ass....Ok, I'll
ask her out."
And if she says no, maybe, too busy...smile then walk away.
You got a planet full of girls. She got her chance now give the chance to someone
else. The faster you get into running new races the faster you win one. You got
ﬁrst be good at being an athelete - to run - do, learn, experience what it feels like
to LOSE and then you will be hungry to win.
The beauty of life is it's not a 100 sprint.
It's packed with many races, marathons for you to get better...stronger....wiser
until you know how to win a race.
Then one day, you will see a girl you REALLY like and all the actions, the
rejections, the learning of the past comes together to help you for her to say..
"Yes, I'd like to go out with you for a coﬀee. When?"
So shut out the crowd in your.....head and do it. Do it again. And again and again
until you get a yes from one girl out of the many you will meet.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

My ex still wants to be friends. I am still in love. Should I walk
away? Or should I stay?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine, you walk into a Casino and you put money on table. They spin the wheel
and you lose $100.

I see you and say, "listen, walk away."
"No!" You say, "I can win the $100 back."
That's like being friends with an ex.
You play some more and you lose $2,000 and I'm like, "WTF! Walk away please!"
But you say, "I can win the $2,100 back!
10 minutes go back and you lose $10,000 and there goes your house and years of
emotional pain.
You don't listen to me and I have seen this so many times. I try to say to you to
just walk away but you get angry.
You tell me, "You don't understand Adam! I love him! There might be a chance we
get back to get there."
You pull away and I stand there watching you play. There is nothing I can do
because I have seen many go through this. They don't ever wake up until it hurts
so bad. Until it kicks them in the teeth...
You play and you win $500!
But you see, this is like your ex, where he sends you a pretty kind text. He tells
you he still feels something. Or "I like to be friends."
So deep down, whether you deny it so, is the HOPE that you might just get him
back. The hope that because you won $500, then you can somehow win $10,000
back and also much more.
As the automated sliding doors open; the cool breeze touches my face I hear a
loud painful cry.
I turn round and I see you on your knees. The position I have seen many a men
and women.
You've lost the $500 and all is gone.
As you get up to walk out of the door not knowing what to do - another person
walks into the Casino.
I give out a deep sigh and I follow the person and I do the same thing again.
Trying to help the person to not play and to let go of....hope.
So my advise is...
Walk out of the Casino, feel the sun rays on your face, the fresh breeze and live!
Walk out and enjoy your life.
Meet new people.
Change your number.
Do whatever but move on and your actions, your strength, you doing the work
NOT HOPE but you...will make your life wonderful.
So wonderful, busy, enjoying yourself and creating many options that you meet
someone else.
Then one day, you meet a friend as you walk with someone new in your life.
You're friend will say..
"My ex still wants to be friends.I am still in love. Should I walk away? Or should I
stay?"
You smile and sit down with your friend and reply....

"Imagine, you're walking into a Casino..."
;)
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Should I marry a girl who is not interested in sex with me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You've answered your own question from your own comment:
After few months nothing has changed, and I am worried now
We have had heated arguments on this
I don't think I can spend entire life like this
You know deep inside you can't live like this and comparing sex to other couples
is not the way. You have to be real honest with yourself and undersand love does
not conquer things like this.
This is your predisposition and she has hers.
To try and change someone to something you want is going to break you and it
will also get her in a bad way too.
Yes, most will say, "if sex is all you want," is personally bs. Nothing wrong with
having sex, sexual intimacy, and it's not "if all you want.' This is your need, your
desire in a relationship and to avoid it will create a spiral eﬀect that will harm you
and her in long run. Even put you in certain positions you thought you'd never do
like cheating and aﬀairs kind of thing.
She's not interested in going to doctors and she doesn't see it as something to ﬁx.
You can't ﬁx what isn't broken mate. Some people are not into sex at all and don't
have urge for it.
This is your life too.
I personally can't be with someone when sex isn't involved and I won't even
consider marriage no matter how much I care about the woman. I just know in
long run it will end and I might as well be brave enough to do it now and move on.
Has nothing to do with earning well.
Love isn't going to ﬁx this. A decision you may not like to take will. Doing
something that seems tough for you to do and going through pain in ending the
relationship and moving on amicably.
Be with someone who has similar sexual desires as yourself and she ﬁnds
someone who is similar to hers because this will end real bad if you continue.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I settle for people I'm not physically attracted to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 26, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't settle for less. You never do.
Let me ask you a question.
Let's say you are an artist and you're work isn't selling. Do you just quit or do you
go and learn how to market, sell and access someone who has done it? You learn
from them. You ﬁgure it out.

If ﬁnished a degree and you can't ﬁnd a job do you quit? Settle for less? Working
in a job you hate or do you better youself in learning how to communicate in an
appealing way and market yourself? Do you invest more in getting your CV
sorted, go out and network, and do what is necessary or settle?
In the many questions online, there is one thing in common...
1. They lack conﬁdence
2. They fear rejection
3. They have no idea about psychology in dating world
4. They don't step out of the comfort zone and approach girls/women and
probably just stare, and wish, hope. Probably haven't approached more than 10
girls never mind 50 and go through rejections, learn, get better.
5. Sitting at home, or isolating themselves and don't go out and build their social
network. Get busy doing that.
6. They work on information they got which is very average. The typial
inﬁormation that it's all about looks.
Well, you see me look like Brad Pitt? I got friends better looking than me and I'm
kicking their ass with dating. It's got nothing to do with looks but I ﬁgured out if I
do more than average guy, if I got BIGGER BALLS and just go through the pain,
and bs you ﬁnd in dating with women....and do more consistently, and better
myself too from inside....I'd be away ahead.
Sure enough, it worked but it wasn't easy. It wasn't easy overcoming fear of
rejection. Now I love the thrill of it and I am having a party with life.
I don't even know the guy I was 20 years ago.
So no, I don't believe in settling.
You always have options. You go and create them. You better yourself.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

This guy told me he liked me but now is acting weird? Why is he
being mean to me and trying to make me jealous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When he told you he liked you, what happened next? If he meant in attraction
way - that he wants to date you -if nothing happens between you both due to lack
of communication - he probably thinks you don't feel same.
Certain things will happen...
1. He behaves mean
2. He tries do things to get you jelous
3. He's on and oﬀ. Hot and cold kind of thing.
4. Talks about other girls or usual unattractive needy behavior.
Communicate with him and set boundaries.
Don't let it go on.
If he does like you in that way and he acts this way - then he will be immature,
lacks experience on what to do next and this leads to opposite behavior.

He lack of conﬁdence and also a guy who doesn't know how to lead to the next
phase. He doesn't know how to talk to you openly by asking you out. Confessing a
feeling is what most average guys does then expect he girl to suddenly lead when
that's not going to happen.
Rarely a girl leads in these situations due to the stigma in society.
A guy telling a girl he likes her but does nothing and expect the girl to lead will
probably do the actions you've mentioned. That's if he really did mean he likes
you in a sexual attraction way i.e. dating you.
You need to set boundaries and communicate that whatever he is doing is
counter-productive in you getting to know him. If he keeps going you don't want
to associate with him.
Be calm when you do it and do it when no one is around. Isolate where you and
him are only together and talk.
Sometimes guys do things and don't know due to age, lack of maturity, etc. Some
do but need someone to say these are the boundaries to not step over.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

I don't get approached by guys often I heard that some girls
look to good for some guys but my friend is pretty to and guys
approach her alot?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not just about being pretty but she is approachable, has an outgoing
personality and she knows how to ﬂirt.
You need to be approachable..
1. Make eye contact to guys.
2. Smile.
3. Flirt.
4. Converse.
I see some have given advise but....I don't beliece the advice that because a girl is
getting approached a lot, that it's some mystical opportunity and they are average
guys. Average guys don't approach.
They are conﬁdent. They have self worth and believe in themselves especially if a
girl is attractive. The average guy with lack of conﬁdence will be intimidated.
Take a look at Quora to see how many guys fear rejection to even say hi to a girl.
It's like saying, "if a business attracts tons of customers then they must be
medicore customers."
If something isn't working for you then you need to do something diﬀerent. If you
keep doing the same thing, whether it is nothing at all then you'll get the same
result. So, you need to do something diﬀerent.
How about observe what it is your friend is doing because it's not just about being
pretty. She's doing something and it can be as subtle as being in right place,
mingling, smiling, strong eye contact, ﬂirting and conﬁdence.
37 Views

How would a guy reject a girl gently?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The guy is rejecting you. He just said you are....Plan B. He has said he is dating
someone else and so, no, he's not willing to pursue but if he has had his fun with
other girl and nothing happens with her then he'll probably give you a call.
So he's not that bothered. A guy so bothered about a girl isn't going to say that.
Do you want to plan B though?
If a girl said that to me, I'd be like, 'no thanks. I'm moving on. I'm not going to be
anyone's plan b. Then I'll focus on girls I got numbers for on my phone.
I won't be waiting for anyone especially someone saying, I'm their plan b, their
standby.
So take it as an outright rejection and move on.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to ask a girl if she is single or not?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I subtly ask a girl if she is single?

When I approach I never ask a girl..
"Are you're single?"
Or "Have you got a boyfriend?"
Instead, I approach, ﬂirt, tease, converse, and if she's game - if reciporates then
that tells me she's available.
I also don't ask for permission like "would you like to go out one day? If you like
to."
Or, "would you like to be my girlfriend." Or "would you like to go out with me."
I'm more of "there's a great place I want to check out. Let's go and have a coﬀee
and check it out.." When she says yes, I then add, "great. What's your number?"
And we exchange numbers.
33.6k Views · View Upvoters

This girl said she wanted to get together with me again after we
ﬁrst met, but now she's taking forever to respond to texts. What
does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The thing is, a number isn't a date.
No matter what the girl says for many reasons. You need to take action to lead to
the date so you know where you stand fast.
That way you can move on if you need to.
If you don't, well, the other person dictates and you don't know if the girl is an
attention seeker, playing hard to get, or is interested and needs you to just lead to
the date.
You won't know until you do.
Imagine your a business man and your whole wealth is based on building
clientele. If you use your resources, time, eﬀort, tools on prospects that are not

really interested you take away from those who are looking for what you have to
oﬀer.
So you screen, ﬁlter fast to focus on the ideal customer who is interested by them
showing their interest in action.
Now bear with me but please appreciate I am not saying women are numbers and
all that. See what I am saying. See the world for what it is not what we like it to be.
That if you don't respect your time and self...get ready....you'll be walked all over
by attention seekers and all sorts.
In business the entrepreneur who has a system will attract as many targeted ideal
customers through a sales funnel. This person will use all resources, tools, time,
eﬀort to attract the leads i.e. potential customers through his pipe line.
Like a pipe line the prospects will move through it's funne; and their behavior not
what they say will dictate who is a qualiﬁed prospect.
The entrepreneur is never afraid to ask for sale.
In fact the key is accelerating the speed of the marketing and sales process.
Those who don't take action, will either be ﬁltered out, some will disappear and
some will stay their swimming on backburner. Some businesses will delete the
ones who don't take action or re-educate with pinging them.
See this as humourless text which a guy PINGS to keep attraction with the girls
and not some boring texting with "hi," and "hey" but real skills in texting.
But he will focus his greater eﬀort and time on that one girl who does
respond.
The others, well, some will be in relationship, some playing for attention and do
nothing, some will do whatever but it is no concern to him. He knows where to
focus his time.
That's called self worth, self respect and lack of neediness.
That's called having options. Abundance mentality and when you got abundance
you ain't waiting for one girl deciding.
You're going to decide.
I see it this way - it isn't the women who is deciding when a man who is conﬁdent
can approach any woman. You don't see abundance of women approaching men.
Majority still fear the stigma of being judged, seen as too easy and all that.
So a guy with conﬁdence who approaches many to attract the one who qualiﬁes
for his time, attention is going to go far.
Even if you're not that good looking. You can still be above average. That's
another topic entirely.
So the way a entrepreneur who respects himself does - that's the same here in the
context I am trying to say.
I know it's a crude way of explaining it but I'm just trying to show what I mean in
a mindset way.
I personally have many numbers because from experience many are ﬂakes, many
give numbers to not want to say no out of avoiding awkwardiness. Many are
attention seekers and don't really want to date.
Some got a guy and just checking things out won't do anything. that's ﬁne by me.
I understand. It's cool.

But you need to lead.
So I don't spend time on one girl in texting.
I text diﬀerent ones and see who I feel responds. The one who does gets my time
and attention. I lead very fast to the date and I don't do any of the small talk.
That saves me a lot of time on someone who isn't interested or is playing hard to
get. They don't get my time.
I don't care about "but I don't want to lose her."
I don't care because I am not emotionally invested in her and nor is she at this
moment in time. So bye, bye if a girl does. No sweat.
So what do you do?
When you get a number, you don't do any small talk.
You screen out by leading to the date and if she isn't going to go for it, you move
on to your next number - and leave her in the backburner. You don't give her
priority and you don't bother thinking about her.
Problem with most guys is they don't know how to lead, screen out and waste
time orbiting around the one girl.
If you do that then you will feel frustrated.
But if you got options, you won't be.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

When a girl proposes to a guy, but he doesn't say yes or no, what
does he mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It probably means you're ok to date, go out with, have relationship but when it
comes to marriage and being with him for life....he doesn't want that.
And if he doesn't want to make it clear, then take it....he doesn't want to and you
need to decide if that's good enough answer for you to stay with him.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Will a girl give you her phone numbers and turn to ignore your
calls or text messages?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. You will get this many times. A phone number is never a date which is why
you don't focus on the number as much being able to connect with her ﬁrst.
That's how I reduce ﬂakes too.
So, even if a girl gives you her number and all happy clappy smiling in your face;
you will ﬁnds most will..
1. Ignore your text messages
2. Ignore your phone call
3. Even say they will meet but don't. Cancel few times <<< attention seekers.
Nothing else. Love the attention. Big time ﬂakers.
4. Play hard to get but goes nowhere.
So small text reponse, one word, doesn't show emotions, doesn't share about
herself when you do. Also not bothering to text for days.

When that happens, you know two thing....
Either she's shy which means it will take ages for you to date her and I personally
cannot be bothered if that is so.
Or she is not into you and gave you the number to avoid awkwardiness and
conﬂict.
Girls/women don't like saying no because of having said so and guys go nuts, or
do whatever which gets them to give number out and ignore.
The best thing to do, is when you approach a girl, don't ask for number ﬁrst.
Instead, ﬂirt, tease, connect emotionally. Be fun, don't be serious and focus on
building that connection.
You want her to remember you, so if you act like most guys, playing safe, don't
tease...ﬂirt...be fun - well, it won't give a reason for her to remember you. You
want to get her to really want to meet you. So no serious stuﬀ, romantic stuﬀ and
all that. Be conﬁdent and light hearted.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl out a couple of weeks ago and she said she was
busy. We're not close friends, but we are friends. Should I ask
this girl out again? What are some suggestions on how I should
ask her out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Through time and experience you're going to ﬁnd out something that will help
you to move on faster - and - not waste time.
1. When a girl says she is busy
2. When she says she's not looking for serious relationship
3. When she says she doesn't know
These are red ﬂags for you and telling you she is not seeing you the way you see
her. That she isn't interested in you at such a level to take the eﬀort to even have a
coﬀee with you at a cafe.
UPDATE...
Certain things to also consider...
1. How you approached. Did you ﬁrst approach to know her, tease, ﬂirt, converse
or just bulldozed to ask her out. If you do that then she won't have time knowing
you're personality more.
2. You're own social skills when you approach. For example..
If someone was really interested, an alternative suggestion would have been
made. It has not been made from what I read in the question. However, let's
assume you hear, "I'm busy..."
What you can do at this moment is see what busy means. Is it busy, she is
interested but want to maybe go out with you another time or busy as not
interested in you at all. This way you don't waste time and do in one go.
When you hear, "Oh I'm busy," say this...
"Yeah...yeah... I'm busy too(said genuinely). But I'd still like to ____. (Conﬁdently)."
Mention the activity. Paint a picture in her mind what would happen if you
do go out together and don't make it serious.

First get an aggreement on the activity.
If you ﬁnd she still says no she's busy, you see that she hasn't made an alternative
suggestion and she hasn't pursued your alternative suggestion - best to move on.
That's how you listen and see what she's really saying.
The reason why she didn't say no is most girls/women hate saying no. You see,
they have had experience in saying no.
Guys persist even when girl says no. Guys cannot take no for an answerr. Guys so
damn desperate, with no options of 10-20 numbers of girls because they hover
around ONE girl like she is a goddess and only girl on planet.
Guys keep going and even they will curse a girl and calling her all sorts for saying
no. I won't fall for his BS that a guy who persist will get a yes. These days you can
get court orders on your head for persisting.
So girls now say, 'I'm too busy,' and 'I'm not looking for a serious relationship,'
and 'Oh thanks but I got a boyfriend' and yes, sometimes they haven't but you
take it all as a no. No matter what, you must take it as a no.
And then...you move on.
If you persist then what you show to a girl is this..
1. You have no options of other girls pursiing you. When a girl sees a guy being
pursued by other attractive girls not just any girl, then she now sees him in a very
diﬀerent light. It is attractive for girls to see a guy can attract other suiters but it
must be done carefully not like showing oﬀ. Subtle.
2. It shows you are lower in value than she is. That's you hunger for her validation
when you should be conﬁdent in knowing yourself. That if she says no, you got
many other options and she isn't priority in your life.
So instead of purusing her, show you got options after she said no.
Don't pursue anymore because now it because 'chasing.'
Pursuing is when you have approached and the girl is interested. So now you lead
and help her along to make the process comfortable.
Chasing is very unattractive and it can lead to you being abused in time, eﬀort
and walked all over. Chasing is when a girl said no and you still persist like you
haven't got self respect, no options, lack resources and low in social value.
When you chase you show the girl you don't respect her decision.
It makes her evaluate how you'll be if she did say yes. That you're needy and
cannot move on.
So don't chase.
Pursue.
Let her go and show you have self respect and approach other girls. Go and build
your own social circle, date other girls.
I have walked away immediately when a girl in college said that and also when I
got older, I did so with women.
One year later I meet them again somewhere and because I walked away, the
bridge isn't burnt. There is memory of positivity.
Also, because I didn't try and be friends but got real busy they saw I have other
suitors, I have a life, I am valuable in society and I'm not desperate for their
validation.

And we date.
Now if I chased when they gave me whatever reasons, I would've have done
justice to myself. I would have demonstrated unattractive behavior. I would have
wasted far too much time and not have had the fun I had later on.
Let her go and move on mate.
Plenty of girls on this planet.
4.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ed Koomson

What should I get the girl I have feelings for, for Christmas
when I see her next week?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn't buy her anything like braclets, jewellery or book.
One xmas card with 'Happy xmas and new year.' Sign your name. So no
aﬀectionate words and all that.
If you have feelings for a girl, it is best you be honest because if you don't, and
you start doing any little things; when you approach she'll put 2+2 together.
This is why 'nice guys' don't get anywhere.
Being friends and being so available, getting close and not taking the risks a
conﬁdent guys does.
You have her on a pedestal and you're worried too much about oﬀending her,
scare of losing her and all that.
If you like this girl approach and ask her out to coﬀee or walk and stop playing the
nice guy. Nice guys are not guys who are nice. You can still nice.
But...what I mean is nice guys in this term - who lack conﬁdence, are not honest,
trying to get close to a girl to get into her pants. Spending too much time thinking
about her, emotionally investing when she isn't dating the guy.
Girls like a guy who is conﬁdent and doesn't hide behind his fear. He isn't fraid to
show he's a guy, sexual guy but subtle at showing so by approaching her, teasing,
ﬂirting and asking her out for a drink.
Think of this way...
If you put fear above approaching her and asking her out, and fear of rejection
and all that - then - you have demonstrated a very unattractive behavior.
The nice guys like this buy gifts, trying to show aﬀection, using xmas, valentines
and all that to send signals and messages. That's what feminine do. You're a guy
and need to show conﬁdence.
It shows....
1. She isn't bigger than your fears
2. You put her opionion about you - above your own opinion of who you think you
are.
4. You're not conﬁdent to go for what you want
5. And you cower away from going for whateve ryou want, no matter if you get it
or not. No matter of rejections.
So if you leave it any longer then some guy who has conﬁdence is going to
approach and you'll be watching them date. Then you can't do nothing.

So approach the girl before xmas, and you might, just might be dating and
spending time together at some party.
Stop playing nice guy and leaving clues. That's why nice guys don't get the girls.
351 Views · View Upvoters

I'm interested in a guy but don't know how to progress. What
can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You fear rejection and for sure a lot of emotions going through you.Mostly due to
social conditioning of what someone else thinks and the yes and no...
However, see it this way...
You're not going for a yes but rather you're going to approach this guy...and...ﬁrst
ﬁnd out if he's really someone you want to date.
So you're going to approach him to ﬁrst ﬁnd out about him, get to know him and
then when you think..
'Hmmm, Yes, I actually can see we get along. I do like his personality. Ok...I'm
going to ask him out for a drink of coﬀee or something.'
This will ease your emotions a lot and you're approaching with the right frame of
mind. You're not putting so much pressure on you to get a yes because you're ﬁrst
seeing if he's got ok personality, if he isn't social awkward, he gets you and you
also feel he qualiﬁes for you to ask him out.
So forget the BIG picture. Narrow the picture in your head very small i.e. to ﬁrst
ﬁnd out more about in in a couple of minutes of conversation. Then if you feel
you're assumptions about him is right, you do like to date him, then ask him out
for a drink or something.
Relax and narrow your picture in your head very small and one action only.
875 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Braxton Shoals

Is it possible to tell my feelings to a girl I barely know?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is possible to say anything but if you're smart and have wisdom you won't for
the following reasons.
You don't confess your feelings to a girl you barely know and even a girl you do
know because...
1. It is not attactive and it is selﬁsh.
Think for a moment. When you confess something as deep as your feelings to
someone, you are doing it for yourself. You make the girl feel awkward, restless
and she doesn't know what the hell to do.
You don't show that to a girl, ever in the beginning stages because in the
beginning stages you must think also about her.
She doesn't know you in that way. She didn't have a chance to know you in that
way. This is not romance like some Hollywood movie, romance novele. This is
real life and in real life a girl hearing that kind of information switches oﬀ all
sorts of crazy shit emotions and one of them is...FEAR.
You'll switch on all sorts of nonsense in her heard she won't know what the heck
to say. Yes, in movies, romance novels, bs mainstream magazines you suppose to

walk up to a woman and say..
'The ﬁrst time I saw you, I fell in love with you. I cannot stop thinking about you.
Blah blah.'
In Hollywood movies, romance novel, the guy will then come close to her face,
and she will fall into his arms as they kiss.
This is real life and in real life, it isn't perfect, it isn't smooth, it is packed with
emotions, fear, and a thing called.....attraction.
Attraction must happen ﬁrst.
So ﬁrst you got to make sure the girl is comfortable, at ease, and you're
approaching in a very light hearted and fun way. That way as you ﬂirt, tease and
converse, you show conﬁdence and you also give ample time for her to see your
personality.
You're feelings for her is not enough and it will never will be.
She has to feel attraction too and if you go in like some bull dozer you don't give
that chance. You will make her feel awkward, confused and wonder what the hell
just happened.
Now here's the second reason why...
2. It is not believable.
Think about it - in her mind there is not enough information that tells her your
words are true. You either playing, you either immature, you either oﬀ your
rocker because....
a) You don't know her
b) You haven't dated her
c) A time span hasn't gone by where you have invested time, emotions with her as
a boyfriend and she does same.
d) There is no intimacy in you and her being together for sometime, let's say 6months to a year, with both getting to know each other
e) There has not been deeper feelings and closeness, where you have sexual
intimacy.
But when you have all these and a time has gone by - and you say after one year..
'You know something. I wasn't sure when I ﬁrst met you but now, since I have got
know you, I love you. I love your personality, how you do that thing with your
eyebrows, and how you always do this and that. I feel I'm falling in love you.'
Now she will think...
'It must be true because he has been with me, dated me, we have gone through
some challenges together, he knows me. I believe him.'
3. A guy must hold his emotions.
A conﬁdent man and a man of maturity does not confess his feelings to a woman
in beginning. She hasn't earned squat for him to say that to her. A man must hold
these back until he knows she is into him. Until she shows she's interested in him.
Until she too has emotionally invesred time, eﬀort and comitment.
But if you go and say to a girl your feelings, and you don't know 100% she is
interested, then you have given her information to walk away with. Information
that shouldn't be given to ANY woman except the one you really have dated, and
gone through what I mentioned above.

This is maturity. This is what conﬁdence is. This is what wisdom is.
You can tell a girl anything but you don't because you have self respect, self worth
and understanding you don't give such confessions to any girl until you have
gone through certain phases together.
You want her to feel comfortable not awkward.
So approach in a light hearted none serious manner.
First ﬁnd out if she is feeling same way and is interested in you. Just approach
and ﬁnd out about her and let her ﬁnd out about you.
Leave the confessing of feelings, love, devotion out of it.
You don't know if she is into you yet and nothing has yet has happened for her to
believe your words.
5.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jake Smith

What is happening to our relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She didn't want a serious relationship but she might have been ready for
something else. However, since you didn't escalate it to such sexual level and was
more focused probably in something serious - she got bored.
She lost interest.
The escalation window is now...shut and probably opened for someone else who
she met along the way.....and who gets where she's coming from.
Someone who can escalate fast, conﬁdent to take action - and who doesn't treat
her like a friend. Instead he conﬁdent sexual type of guy.
That's what could have happened.
It's done mate. That window is now shut and she's moved on.
You need to do so.
276 Views

How do I approach a girl, who thinks she is not good for me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So I was walking through the street and suddenly I saw this light ﬂickering. I
thought it was just some light from window but it drew me in. I turn to walk
towards the alleyway and there, in that alley, right back where wall is...a door
appeared.
The door slams open and jumps out this wizard.
'TA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Wait? A damn. I am in the wrong dimension.'
He says.
I was like, 'Ok, my mates must have put something in my drink.'
He walks right up to me and asks, 'I might as well help you out. What question
you wanted answered from the universe?'
So I got some boxes I saw in alleyway and sat down and he climbed up on top of
one of those big trash steel bins and like a wise buddha, said...
'Go on then, ASK ME YOUR QUESTION! I haven't got all day.'

I remembered what I read on Quora and I asked him..
'Why do women say they she's not good enough for a guy?'
'Hmmmmmmmm. Hmmmmmmm. It is because she is looking for an excuse to
not say no. You know how it is fella. Saying no is awkward. She is not interested in
him in this way. She REALLY saying, he is not good for her! It is a cop out from
her side for telling the truth as truth is awkward. She's being polite. It's like all the
other stuﬀ most women say.
'Like what?' I asked.
'Like she is not looking for a relationship which means she isn't into the guy. Like
she isn't ready yet and got to clear her head, meaning she doesn't see him
sexually attractive. Like, she sooooooooooo busy but not so busy if some guy that
looks like like Brad Pit or some actor in Bollywood called Khan. She'd fall oﬀ her
chair and say YES...YES....TAKE ME! TAKE ME!'
'So that's it then?'
'Hmmmmmmmm. Hmmmm' He meditates, and adds, 'Yes but also to get this
guy chasing because she loves the chase but doesn't mean a damn thing. If he
chases he has shown he is desperate, has no options whatsoever and seriously
needs some slapping to wake up.'
'So what does he need to do them if she says he's too good for him?' I asked.
'He needs to grab his balls and walk away from the BS. That is all he needs to do.
Walk away. Not talk to her like some desperate guy. If a woman cannot say she
likes the guy then why bother with her? Why be so desperate to pursue a woman
who says such things? It's hard work that may lead to nothing and even if it does
lead to something....she will walk all over him later on.'
The light began to ﬂicker from the door in the world. The wizard grabbed his hat
and started to elevate towards the door.
'Have to go.'
' But I have nore questions.'
'Be quick. What is it?'
'What if a woman says..'
I didn't even ﬁnish and he dissappeared.
And that's when I knew, if a woman said you are too good for her, to not fall for
such BS and just walk away.
The end ;)
976 Views · View Upvoters

Do opposites attract? What is the probable future of a
relationship, when personalities of both the partners are poles
apart?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. Example, I was dating for years a woman who was more logic, computer
science kind of thing. She was also into parties, socialising with people a lot. So
she be always getting distracted easily at things.
But I was more of a guy who is an introvert. Though people who meet me ﬁrst
time won't even know because I'm very conﬁdent, learned to develop social skills,
and strong communication skills. So people who know me for ﬁrst time won't

know this and think I'm always outgoing, always partying and talkative and
cheeky too.
The only thing we had in common was....music but that was it. I am an artist, and
she is more logic. I'm messy with my guitars on table, on settee, paper here and
there, canvases and she tiday. I'm more of a do something long time without goals
but get the job done. She's goals...task sheet, tick tick.
Anoying as hell for me but also when I was dating her, it was what I loved about
her too. It was in a sense a...balance. The Ying and Yang.
I'd help her stay focused in observing world and not taking things on so fast but
to ﬁrst think about it and also to be free to let go. She helped me to be more
planning, logic kind and see world as systems, eﬃciency etc.
The main thing wasn't what she is into and what I was into.
The thing is love. That vibe you have between each other and values, in a sense of
importance in life. Like honesty, compassion not interests and what you're both
into as people can be into diﬀerent things and yet can get long together.
So yes, the opposite can attract.
I know many people who are very attracted to each other and opposite in so many
things but they respect each other's diﬀerence because they love each other.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I like this guy and I always ﬁnd him looking my way but we've
never talked before, any advice?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you always ﬁnd him looking you're way then don't do what most women do,
which makes them unapproachable.
They don't keep eye contact, smile and they just look away.
So do the following..
1. Smile
2. Keep eye contact
3. Flirt body language (brush your hair aside to show kneck), keep smiling.
4. Then pluck up the courage to walk up to guy and start talking.
Keep it light, fun vibe and get to know the guy. Even say you've seem him often.
I'm more of a conﬁdent guy so if I see an attractive woman looking at me then I'm
going to walk right up and be abit cheeky..
'Hi, just because you're cute doesn't mean you can't walk over and say hi.' Smile,
'Hi, my name is Adam. Who are you?'
Now some may say, 'Ooooh, I won't do that, if a guy did that I'd blah blah blah.'
In reply, 'I really don't give a damn. If I sense bad vibe and attitude, I just smile,
and say 'Looks like you're having a bad day huh? Leave you to it.'
And I walk away.
So do steps, walk up and strike a conversation or nothing is going to happen.
47 Views · View Upvoters

My ex boyfriend wants to start a business, is it right to give a
loan to an ex to start his business even if I am still in love with
him?
Adam Taha, I observe people's actions more than what they say
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You got feelings for him so it won't be a decision that comes from rationality,
logic and a business decision.
I won't give the money to him based on emotions kicking oﬀ. You also have the
risk of never seeing the money again and hearing excuses like..
'Oh, I'm such a bad state right now.'
'I haven't got any money right now.'
'Things are real bad right now.'
Like it's your problem when it's not.
That's why you don't lend money to friends, ex's, and relatives. In fact, I don't do
business with any. Its business and I like to keep far away from people I know,
especially ex, and relatives, friends.
However, if I ﬁnd a relative is trouble, need money for illness, need money cause
they will lose house, for whatever reason...I help out. No problem. I'll go in and
help without wanting it back. They might not even know where the money came
but I'll ﬁnd a way to help out.
If you got feelings for your ex, best you don't give money.
505 Views · View Upvoters

If a girl give you her cell# but only so you can organize legistics
for a nonschool project with her is it still a good sign?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A good sin for what? That she's into you?
It's not a good sign and nor is it bad. It means nothing at all. The intent was not
clear even from your side.
So forget looking for signs. This means she gave her number for the project
logistics and you take it as such. Nothing else and nothing more.
89 Views · View Upvoters

Do bad boys like good girls and why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do bad guys like good girls?

Yes they do like good girls however the term 'good girls' is not same as badboys
see it. I know I don't see 'good girl' as a girl who doesn't have much sex. It's very
diﬀerent in how they see it.
Rather, it is her innocence, her lack of experience, lack of self awareness, her
hunger for attention....validation.....power....strength....a man not a nice guy. It's
also about her beauty too but most so her innocence. naivity, etc.
In beginning it's about having fun, not getting settled and all that. Much later,
when the fun is over, when he wants to ﬁnd someone then he will choose a good
girl.

But ﬁrst it's all about sex, experience, going out doing what he wants, no
attachements of any kind. Also bad guys do not like drama and a girl who tries to
excert some control, conditions. It's not going to be that way if a girl dates and
wants to be with such a guy.
If a girl wants that, best to be with the nice guys. Plenty of them around. Turn
your head you'll see hundreds and more in front of you in street, college, uni and
work.
However, the answer is yes. Bad boys do like good girls.
8.3k Views · View Upvoters

I've been seeing a man frequently for two months and he never
asks me to be his girl friend, should I move on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you say, seeing him, do you mean you meet and have sex? Or you just meet
as friends kind of thing and nothing else?
If you're meeting, dating, being intimate and sexually too then you best to not act
like it doesn't matter to you. Be clear about it. Talk. Bring it up but no drama. Just
talk and see what he says.
In regards to FWB, these matters needed to be done way in beginning anyway so
you know where both stand as there are certain rules which helps - woman and
guy.
So have a talk with him. Communication is the key here.
5.8k Views

I love a girl with one eye little bit defective. My parents will not
allow me to marry her. Should I tell her about my feelings?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, the question you're asking has already decided the matter.
It reveals..
1. You're not ﬁnancially stable and reliant on your parents.
2. You cannot make your own decisions on these matters
3. You might have gone past teen years but only just.
Therefore, looking at where you are at and guessing you come from a culture of
which parents decision are important and strict...
You're not ready to be a man in making your own decisions.
If anything does happen, your parents will always have a hand in your decisions.
This will frustrate the woman you marry anyway.
Also, you're thinking marriage at this age when really you haven't sorted your
own life out, your own foundation.
I would advise not to do anything until you are able to stand on your own two
feet, make decisions on these matters yourself.
I come from a culture where it's heavily on strictness from parents etc but my
parents never intervened because I didn't let them. They may have tried to say
things but I am very bold, strong, conﬁdent and I am willing to do whatever it
takes to live the life I want.

It's not easy to do so because you're in conﬂict inside of yourself, culture,
community and so many things. Sometimes it comes with consequences but I
was willing to pay for the consequences. In fact I don't see them as consequences
but rather they forged me to be the man I am today. Strong, dependant, proud
and couragous.
You're not at that stage in your life.
If that is the case, it is best to leave the girl alone and don't start something you
cannot ﬁnish. Focus on your studies and get yourself sorted as a man who can
make his own decisions.
330 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kumar Anand

What will you do if you ﬁnd out that your best friend you've
been friends for more than 6 years talking bad stuﬀ about you
behind your back?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I had that happen once. Although they did much worse. They talked to a talk I
was once dating. Dumb move on their part. She told me everything. I even
confronted the person and he said he thought it wasn't important.
So I laughed and said, no, it's you who isn't important. I'm done with you. Don't call
me, don't contact me in anyway. If I got friends like you, I don't need enemies you.
I never associated with him again.
261 Views

What do guys think when a girl makes eye contact with you a
lot? Why would you make eye contact with her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to approach him. If you made been making eye contact and if he knows
you like him; but you haven't approached, then you need to appreciate the
following...
1. Guys, even if a girl sits next to him, looks at him, talks to him; most guys fear
rejection. So he's not going to do anything.
2. Even if you approach to build rapport you're not making your intent clear, like..
a) Asking for his number
b) Flirting, teasing
c) Asking him questions that reveals your intent i.e interest is clear to him.
d) You ask him out
If a woman stares at me which I had many a times, I won't think anything except,
she's looking at me, and nothing else. It is not enough for me to risk. That is if, I
fear rejection.
If she looks at me, smiles, brushes her hair aside, keeops looking, walks towards
me, ﬂirts, teases, asks me questions if I am going out with someone - I'll know
she's into me for sure and I'll make my move because her intent is very clear.
But I'm a guy who doesn't fear rejection and so, I'm going to approach anyway if I
see a girl looking at me, and I like what I see.
However, most guys are not like that.

If I knew a girl liked me 2 years ago it means nothing. I'll just assume she has a
boyfriend or she wasn't that into me to approach me.
So if I was you.....
Forget what guys think when a girl looks or likes him 2 years ago.
Approach.
Forget looking for signals and hidden meaning, messages and all that. You lose so
much time doing that.
7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Delaney Koros

Guy friend sending mixed signals – is it platonic or does he
actually like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why does it matter if he's interested?
If you don't want to be with your boyfriend best you breakup with boyfriend ﬁrst
rather than talking about the 'spark' and intiating things like this. Then intiate
these things and looking at 'sparks' and asking if he's interested.
Why weren't you straight with the guy in saying you got a boyfriend already?
He probably thinks you haven't got a boyfriend which is leading him on.
I'm always direct and clear if a woman wants to go out with a meal with me to
resturant or whatever. That way I don't send mixed messages.
You're both sending mixed messages. It takes two to tango.
172 Views · View Upvoters

Is there something wrong with you when you are 20 and not
even a single guy has proposed to you or had crush on you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, nothing wrong with you. The thing is you need to appreciate most guys fear
rejection. Then there's the social pressure.
I live in London.
You expect in a big city you'd ﬁnd lots of guys and women very conﬁdent
approaching one another, right?
Yeah, well I have been in london now for some years and many I know are so
damn scared approaching women. The guys fear rejection. Even the good looking
guys and it's probably why I have tons of friends.
Because I have no problem approaching women. It doesn't matter if she's in a
supermarket, cafe, nightclubt, street, whatever.
So since my friends know this and since they see me dating a lot, well, they want
to know how come. Even the women friends of theirs too.
Even in night club most guys still terriﬁed of rejection. They have to down a lot of
drinks ﬁrst to even say hi.

Since, you ﬁnd that guys are not approaching you, asking you out, you may need
to change somethings. I don't know what you look like and I don't know what you
are doing really to help with guys approaching you.
But I can share somethings that helped some women I know...
1. Make eye contact and smile.
You would not believe how many attractive women and women in general who do
not use this. Their head are down when walking, they don't smile enough, they
don't keep eye contact. So smile at the guys you see, make eye contact.
2. Go to locations
You need to be in places that makes it easier for a guy to approach. Places that's
less intimating for them. I have no problems of whatever the place maybe but
most men and in fact all of the ones I know ﬁnd it diﬃcult if it's a tube station,
bus, bus stop, woman walking in street, supermarket etc.
So go to places like meetups, places people guys and women chill, parties, and
night clubs. I you're not into night clubs then cafes, places of hobbies most
people go to.
3. Take intiative
Sometimes you may need to take intiative. Yes, I know it can be a bit weird and
nerving to do but taking initiative sets you apart from the crowd. It gets you stay
ahead of the masses of women who fear doing anything themselves ie.
So if you're at a stall picking some food or fruits and a guy you like is doing so,
turn your head and say, "Hi, (smile, make eye contact, brush your hair
aside).."have you tried this before. I'm trying to ﬁnd something to cook blah
blah."
You don't need to be clever, make jokes, have some cazy script.
Just a natural human question, a conversation.
And when he talks, you can add nmore, "Oooh, your accent. Where you from?"
You know, 20 years ago, I found girls and women were very conﬁdent. I use to get
approached by girls, women a lot but now, I ﬁnd many due to so much fear, and
political correctiness, it's not there anymore.
So you will to take initiative.
I'm sure you dress great, look great and smell great. So I don't need to touch on
that but really, it's about being proactive.
If something doesn't work, then let it go and ﬁgure out what works for you. Be
proactive, go out in world and take action.
Find what works best for you because no use doing the same thing that doesn't do
anything for you.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

We like each other, but she says she only be with me after
getting over her ex. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to move on. Don't wait for her. Instead approach other women because
there is no 100% she will date you. I know a friend who was told by a girl the same
thing and a week later she was dating someone else.
So don't wait around in the "hope" she changes. She's might have lots of issues
and the ex might not really out of the picture. You don't know he is out of the
picture. Even then, it's best to move on, approach other women and date them.
You never wait. You live in the 'now'....the 'present.'
Also don't do what most desperate, needy and average guy does and try to
support her, being a tampon, listening to her problems and all that.
You need to diﬀerentiate yourself from being a friend to a man who is sexually
attractive. Many have sat around, waiting, listening, giving advise to ﬁnd it
impacted the dynamics of the relationship later into a friend.
So next she will say, "I just want to be friends."
That's what her friends for, girls who are friends for, her relatives for. Don't be
that guy. Distance yourself. Stay away from doing this mistake most guys do out
of desperation, to impress, to get close and all that.
I know it sounds harsh but believe me, many guys found themselves stuck,
emotionally invested far too much in someone who will not date them.
Instead, show you're value, you got self respect and self worth, and options. Be a
challenge. Don't be too available and be busy with your life.
Go out, approach other women, have fun, gain some experience, and create
options.
She's not ready no matter if she is getting over her ex or not.
109 Views · View Upvoters

When a guy asks a girl to cook for him, does it mean anything,
or does he just plainly want a good meal?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's just giving you an excuse to invite him in future. The dinner is an 'excuse.'
He is into you. He likes you.
He's ﬂirting with you. He's giving you the reason, to invite him one day to get
together for a meal. I'm sure he will help too if you ask him to.
It's not a big deal. Nothing about psycho, sexist, this and that.
He's saying, I like you, I want to get to know you more and I am making this as an
excuse for you to invite me. I know you now a bit more and that's why I can say it
to you. I hope you get the idea and don't start tripping.."
So invite him for dinner if you're into him...
"Hey, I am cooking blah blah blah. If you cut the onions and a bottle of drink blah
blah."
You'll see he will say, "great idea. When."

Or go out for dinner. Whatever is comfortable for you.
14.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I make people who tease me be my friend?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't make friends with people to be liked, validated, accepted and ﬁt in.
Instead attract friends who share similar values, passion, interest, and who
respect you.
For example, when I'm in a night club and some guy comes along acting like an
asshole, I don't go oﬀ trying being friends with him to be liked. I just turn my
back on him, and focus right back on girl I'm talking too.
I don't give them attention.
In school, it is same thing.
If someone was teasing me in front of other people, I just roll my eyes turn my
back and talk to someone else - or...I walk oﬀ. I don't bother associating with such
people and I certainly don't want them to be my friend.
So ﬁrst understand what a friend is. They have your back, pull you up when
you're down and not make you like some joke to make themselves look and feel
good.
Because if you do try then you'll ﬁnd when school ends, when college ends, when
university ends....you won't have any friends. They all dissappear because they
were all fake.
That's when most realise far too late.
266 Views · View Upvoters

A guy took my number, but didn't call. It has already been more
than a week. What could be the reason?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So, one day.....I was at this party. I got invited. Anyway, I see this blonde woman
and I instantly know she's a teacher. Let's say I have this damn gift which is a pain
in ass sometimes. Instinct and all that. Can get me into trouble.
She says hi and well, she gets up from where she was sitting cause I can't hear
what she is saying and we talking. There she was brushing her hair, showing her
kneckline, smiling, laughing, talking.
Said she's into poetry and all that, and I'm an artist so I asked to send to my email
to check this poetry of hers out. Blah blah blah. Numbers got exchanged, said
goodbye.
I get a text a couple of days later, saying "blah blah text me your email."
I called, and....never heard from her again. No email, no text and no phone call.
She got her attention. That's how I saw it.
Now, I like you to imagine that guy you met probably gone through this type of
experience many a times. Woman showing she's interested, talking, ﬂirting, and

all that and he gets the telephone numbers.
But moment he makes contact, they dissappear.
This time the guy thinks, "yeah, whatever. I'm not going to call this time. Screw
this. This time I'll want her to show she is interested in me. If not, well, who gives a
damn. I'll go through lots of women and one will have backbone to call. No
problem."
Now that maybe a very slow way which it is.
But it is much more pleasant for guys who had enough talking to women, who
show interest and when contacted...dissappear.
So now you got two choices.
1. You either pick up the phone and call him
2. Or you wait.....wait......wait and probably not get a call from him.
Sure, he might call in a week but...he might not.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

You went out with a girl for abt 6 mths. Say you're not
interested to spend any more time on her, would you explain to
her why or simply vanish?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, if it's me, I won't explain to her why. I also won't say, "It's not you, it's
me."
But I also won't vanish. Instead, I'd man up and say to say while she's with me,
face to face, "I want to be honest with you. I don't feel the same way as I used to and I
don't want to lead you on. I'm moving on."
That's really it. That's what I've done whenever I feel it's over, it's not happening
and I want to move on. Sometimes I can't explain it. It's just way I feel.
Best do it face to face. Especially if you've been together for 6 months.
408 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend seems to not be talking to me that much
anymore. all day and yesterday and just for about a week she
keeps are convo short with one word respones most of the time
and she ends the talk unexpectedly. what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It could be anything....
1. She might be upset about something that might not even about you. So she
wants you to either ask her or not. Just ask her and see what's up.
2. She might be acting this way to get you to ask to say, 'do you want to break up?"
for her to say, "yes."
2. She might be acting this way because she met someone she likes and now
sabotaging by her silence and one word response, to sulking.

But you will never know until you ﬁnd out from her.
No one on Quora is going to know. So the best thing is communicate with her.
Talk with her because we can all asumme a lot of things and it might be none of
the above.
403 Views · View Upvoters

Ex-Boyfriends and Ex-Girlfriends: Help I made a big mistake, I
don't know what to do. Do you have any advice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, please refrain from telling yourself:
He used me for a booty call
No one used anyone. It happened by both consent and sex is the most natural
thing in the world. The shame and all that us are things in your head connected
to the social conditioning and labels.
See the lesson for what it is without hurting yourself.
You need to see it as a mistake and that is all. Not that you're this and that and
downing yourself that you're a booty call.
Don't ever say that about yourself because you're a not a booty call. He knew you,
you knew him, you have some history together. It wasn't like you met a guy at
some bar and went immediately and had sex.
Even if you did, you still don't look at yourself that way.
So chin up, see it as a mistake, something to learn from and grow. Relax, take a
deep breath and chill. Then shake yourself out of it, realise it's a lesson to learn
from and then move on.
Nothing you can do anything about it as it has happened but you can move on.
You can start by stop calling yourself all sorts of names, distance yourself from
your ex, no more texting, calling and all that. Move on.
If someone you see him then make sure you tell him it's not going to happen
again, it was a mistake and both of you need to move on.
No use banging your head on the wall because you'll hutr yourself from inside.
Just learn from it, set boundaris and....life goes on.
1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a woman behaves like this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's a mistake many make, guys and women too. Looking for signals but you see,
signals are decieving because there can be error signals too.
1. Signals due to anxiety
2. Signals due to detect threat or danger
3. Signals to feel somethings but without intent
4. Signals with intent but it is very diﬃcult to identify such a thing.
So you see, if ever there was ﬂirting you need to appreciate people ﬂirt for many

reasons and that includes women too..
1. Flirting to get attention and that's it
2. Flirting to feel good
3. Flirting and teasing to just be playful
4. Flirting and teasing to overcome awkwardiness, anxiety
5. Flirting, and teasing to see if one has still got the stuﬀ to attract other mates but
nothing else. No intent to go further.
I understand when it happened you probably wanted everything to be 100% risk
free, certain, clarity, and 100% fool proof but it rarely happens that way.
So what the question isn't why did she treat you this way.
The question is why didn't you just approach instead of wasting time, emotions,
and ﬁlling your head about her? Until you take action you don't know.
When you approach immediately you get closure faster. You get to the truth. You
get cut through your own bs and anyone else's to ﬁnd out yes or no.
You can do that instantly, fast, and move on if it's a no.
But also, if it is a yes.....you have accelerated the speed to now have fun to get to
know someone you like.
If she is still there, and you got facebook, send her a message...
"Hi, I saw your photo and it resembles a girl who went to same college as I did (or
wherever you saw her ﬁrst time). I was wondering if that's you."
Then see what response you get.
Just be ready. She might not reply, she might not bother, she might see you as
some creep, or whatever. She might respond but you can tell it doesn't lead to a
conversation and she's just being polite for you to let her be.
But do it to get closure and if nothing happens, you can ﬁnally just move on.
1.1k Views

Do women like it when a man touches her thigh?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on many factors...
1. Is she ﬂirting, teasing and touching too?
2. Is it in a night club and you're both been dancing and all that, have been
dancing close together, touching etc?"
3. Is she someone you talked to and now she walked with you to the car, holding
your hand, ﬂirting etc?
4. Did she meet you and warmed up to you and walked with you there and then,
to cafe or bar, and you're both ﬂirting and teasing?
There is also, situations and intent from both sides.
But if for example you walked into a bar or any place and just plonked your hand
on her thigh while drinking, well, of course, you'll regret it. Or you was sitting on
a bench or bus, or train etc.

Things don't happen like kaboom, instant.
There has to be something happening, something leading to it, something where
there is clear intent from both side.
2.2k Views

How do I ﬁnd the girl of my dreams?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I get with my dream girl?

Be the guy who dream girls want to be with, spend time with, date, be intimate
with and have a life with.
Because in all the questions most guys ask, they always miss the point.
You're feelings for one particular girl will never, ever be enough. So best not to
assume any girl as the -- the one, the dream girl, the soul mate, before even
approaching her to ﬁnd out she's interested in you.
Plus a time span needs to go by with dating and all sorts.
So ﬁrst, get this 'dream girl' thinking oﬀ the pedestal.
Don't see her as a dream girl but a girl you know nothing about, haven't dated,
haven't been intimate with and you're job is to ﬁnd ﬁnd out if she...is...interested
in you and if she is compatible with.
She doesn't qualify to be called anything like dream girl, soul mate, lover, or
anything else but a girl. Take her oﬀ the pedestal that's in your mind ﬁrst.
When you have done that......approach.
1. Smile
2. Walk right up to her
3. And say...
"Hi, I was just walking to then (library, bank, shop, whatever) and I saw you. I had
to come over to say you're attractive (pause..smile.) But good looks so common. I
like to ﬁnd out more about you? Hi, my name is (your name)"
Then see the response.
If she acts all defensive, if she acts oﬀended, just say..
"Hey, be genuine. I'm being socialble here. This is planet earth with social human
beings. I'm sure you won't act like that with friends. Be genuine."
Then walk away if she still at it.
If she is conﬁdent and if she thinks "damn right I'm hot and amazing, no wonder
he approached me," and she is polite, smiles and talks with you....then you can
converse with her.
After teasing, ﬂirting, conversing then you can add..
"Look I got to know and meet some friends (or whatever you was going to do) but

I'd love to continue this conversation outside school (or college, or university)
over coﬀee/drink."
If she is ok about that and you see positive, hand her you phone and say, "what's
your number" keep eye contact and smile.
Then give yours and then be on your way knowing you'll contact her.
But be ready for the dream girl to reject and if she does, so what. Planet is full of
girls but make sure, everytime you see a girl you like, don't put them on a
pedestal. They human beings like you.
No one is entitled to date anyone.
Girl can say no and so can a guy. It's a choice and it needs to be respected. So if a
girl says no, walk away. Don't fall for the persistence nonsense, that girls who say
no, mean yes. That's not your problem.
That's the girls problem who need to stop reading bs women girl magazines and
forums that teach that nonsense.
A no is a no. If you get a no, if you get she ain't ready or any negative
response...walk away. Take it as a no and move on to someone else.
Do lots of approaching with diﬀerent girls and forget all this 'dream girl' or you
will get hurt big time like most guys do.
In other words, have the right mindset when it comes to girls.
Always keep it light hearted, fun and don't start oﬀ so serious. That way you don't
make it awkward for her and she you as immature to talk about love and
confessing all sorts of feelings when she hasn't emotionally invested in you.
Mindset ﬁrst. Get that sorted and then approach.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get over the feeling that she is going to say no?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is the problem here..
" I've never asked out a girl before."
When you do something new, get out of your comfort zone with added
insecurities of yearning to be liked, accepted, validated then it is very diﬃcult to
detach from the outcome.
It's diﬃcult because you are using the information you got which by the way,
much of it is false information. It's based on what hasn't happened yet.
It's also based on a lot of social conditioning and beliefs we get from society, what
we hear from others on what is the social norm and what isn't. You'll see here in
Quora many saying "Oooh I won't do that because.."
But that's the individuals own belief system, their perception, reality, experience,
what they read, heard and what comes from where they are in life.

All these comes together in your mind which creates stories of fear.
Thing is you never know what's is true even if you read about, hear it from your
peers or even hear lots of people saying the same thing. Just becuase lots of
people say it doesn't mean it's true.
Some just scared to say things due to be judged, labelled, ostracised. Many you
see don't even leave a comment. It's safer for them. Less hassle.
So most people live in a box, the comfort zone. They haven't enough information
from their own experiences to let them know what they fear shouldn't be feared.
It's not as big as they imagine or painful.
Unfortunately, most guys I use to know were in this position.
Staying in comfort zone, never taking risks, playing it safe and much of whom
zone themselves in some place that most girls don't even want to take interest in
such guys.
They even try too hard and all to impress, please, be accepted, liked and
validated. It's not the way to go in anything really.
So this isn't about getting over a feeling.
This feeling will always be there.
It is about having the mindset, the emotional strength to go through pain rather
letting pain go through you. You go through it enough times to gather
information for yourself instead of basing it on assumptions and what others say.
This is very diﬀerent mindset.
When you haven't the experience, haven't done this before, you haven't got the
information neccessary to go through pain.
You also ﬁnd yourself confused who to listen to and confused what society says. I
have found much of what society says about a lot of things is nonsense. From
how you shouldn't approach women this way, that way, don't do this and that.
It's all nonsense when I really went out and did the actions.
I even started questioning about my belief system, the culture I came from, what
they believed and so much more.
So you go through pain to only go through the pain but in doing so, you will grow
to wake up.
Instead it is about is validation, to be accepted, to be liked, for her to say yes.
This is a very poor mindset.
Now don't get pissed oﬀ when you ﬁnd much of what you thought you knew,
what you heard, learnt, read, heard from your peers is total BS.
Instead realise you was there too and now you woken up.
As you go through pain, in doing these actions consistently, by approaching girls,
not seeing a girl 'as the one' and 'not making it serious' you get to learn a lot about

you. You get to learn a great deal yourself.
You get to learn much of your hang ups is due to lack of information, and being in
a unfamiliar ground. You get tough emotionally. You gain new insights. You see
there is nothing to be intimidated about a girl, or a woman.
You get to see why girls/women do certain things which don't make sense. Why
what most girls, women say isn't really true. They would never say much of what
they'd loive to say and you need to understand why.
It's not because they are lying. It's not because they are trying to trick you. It's not
because they bad but like us, guys.....we sometimes worry what the girl/woman
might think of us if we say this, that, do this etc.
You get to realise what has preventing you to move in your life and in all things.
As well as what is it like from the girls, woman perspective too. Even though you
can really never know from their perspective but at least you appreciate the
challenges they go through too.
Suddenly, with the new information, new experiences, by stepping out of the
comfort zone you ﬁnd yourself detaching from a girl saying yes.
You suddenly become compassionate, understanding, wiser, smarter and
emotionally strong. You even smile and laugh at what most people do including
girls/women and not take it so seriously.
You forgive easier and you become smart in never investing too much time in
thinking about a woman, investing too much time and emotions until you ﬁrst
see she is interested in you - as well as - she does some actions too.
So now you approach in a diﬀerent thinking way.
Instead of "I am approaching in hope she says yes,"
You approach with - "I am approaching to ﬁnd out if she is someone I would
really like to date. I have certain values, I know what I want and I want to see if
she got what I want. If not, I'm walking away.."
You approach with understanding what you want.
Maybe you don't want a long-term relationship. Maybe you don't want
seriousness and so you're approach will be diﬀerent. You will push it a bit more
than you would do to make sure she's the fun type, without judging her. You do
that to screen out any woman or girl who wants serious long term relationship
and all that.
Maybe you do want long term relationship.
So you're approach will be diﬀerent again and even words you use, the way you
say things, do things etc.
But do appreciate this one thing - fear will always be there.
Courage is not without the absent of fear.
I am very good at what I do. It's not because I look like Brad Pit. Or guys who girls
will go, "OMG!" immediately. It's just I have done it enough times, many times, in
diﬀerent situations, places, ages, etc and I know what is what.

I am fearless but I am also afraid.
I am strong but I know I am human being and vulnerable.
I am proud of who I am, what I have, what I have to oﬀer but I know I am not
perfect and will not attract every woman on this planet.
It's ok. I have accepted this whole heartedly. I do not see rejection as a curse or
pain. I see it as an answer and that a woman has said no to getting know me. She
has rejected herself to know me and that is ﬁne.
What happens is when you go and just do, keep doing, you begin to learn, be self
aware, realise what you really fear.
In doing so you become stronger emotionally/mentally.
This is called conﬁdence.
You get it by doing something often enough, until it is second nature. It be
diﬃcult ﬁrst. It be overwhelming at ﬁrst but if you keep learning, keep doing,
consistently....you become proﬁcient at it.
Proﬁciency gives you that conﬁdence.
You will ﬁnd even when you do get a no after a while, you feel great because you
took action rather than hiding away. You're self esteem sky rockets for this reason
because now you see it, think it, feel it in a diﬀerent mature way.
It doesn't mean you'll get a yes from all the girls, women.
But you will be far ahead than most. You will be dating girls. You will feel
stronger. You will feel that freedom I feel. You will feel compassionate, forgiving,
understanding and not judge or hate on women the way I feel.
Right now, you think about all the wrong things that can happen. You might even
get pissed oﬀ why girls don't approach and why they do this and that.
That is your brain self sabotaging but it's not it's fault.
You haven't given it the facts, the experience it needs. So forget worrying what
can go wrong. These are assumptions base on nothing more than your own
insecurities.
Because let's face it...
If a girl really likes you, really interested in you, even if you mess up, it won't
make a diﬀerence. If she is mature, if she likes you she will not give a damn. She
will help you to just move on with her.
She will help you to walk out, get her number, meet up.
But if she doesn't like you, if she's not interest in you in the same way you are
with her AND if she is playing those dumb games....she will make ever damn
reason not to. She will make it diﬃcult, confusing and personally that's who you
need to walk away from. That's the girl you need to say no to.
This goes for everything, whether texting and calling too. No need to do things to

get some signal or response but to do because you want to.
Do it because you want to and not because you're trying to do some game. The
game will hurt you more than you can imagine. It robs you of conﬁdence.
It robs you of clarity.
Approach with a mindset of courage and understanding that you are also
qualifying her, seeing if she is really someone you want to spend more time with
and get to know.
Instead of trying so hard to impress and get a yes.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

My ex just asked to get back together. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's really simple if you don't want to go back to your ex and you know explaining
hasn't worked.
1. You block all contact. Phone, text, social media etc.
2. You now distance yourself in you trying to contatc too
3. You move on.
Yes, I know, "blah blah, but I still want to be friends, blah blah."
Friends respect someone else's decision, choices and space. If someone cannot
even do that, then really, is it a good idea even being with someone like, ex or no
ex?
It's for you to decide but personally, when I am done, when I break up, I don't
want to go back to what it was, because it never will be what it was. I move on,
block everything . I just cannot be bothered about past and move on.
Choice is yours.
Block all contact or keep getting hassled.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Does it mean anything if a girl keeps bumping her hands into
yours whilst you are walking together?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Either..
1. She has super powers and by touching, she can read your mind and see if your
villian or a hero with amazing super powers.
2. She got ﬁred and dazed by the overwhelming bs of oﬃce politics and doesn't
give a shit anymore. So she walks like she has no care in the world.
3. Or...she wants you to hold your hand and cannot really say to you verbally, "for
pete sake MAN! Hold my damn hand. Show you got balls to lead. I am showing
interest."
Alas, with all the bumping, humping, and walking....nothing happened.

Now we will never know which one of these are true.
DAMN YOU! We will forever wonder who she is and what she really wanted ;)
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend says she is opening new email addresses and
proﬁles to catch me cheating, but how do I know she is not the
one cheating?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girlfriend - I am opening new email addresses, proﬁles to catch you cheating?
Me - Why bother going through that when we can do just one thing
Girlfriend - Huh? What you mean?
Me - Well, what's the points of us being together without trust? So here's an idea...
Girlfriend - Erm yes?
Me - It will save you a lot of time doing all that but ﬁrst tell me why all this doubt.
Her reasons was her own insecurities and after the talk, she was still going to do it
and so I gave her the idea..
I said - ok then you go ahead without me. It's over.
And yes, I know, "but..but..but."
Two weeks later I was dating someone else a bit more mature and less insecure,
and also a woman. Never looked back.
What's the use being in a relationship when there's no trust.
This isn't some game, catch and mouse game. It is not a relationship to be in if
two people focusing on how to catch each other cheating.
630 Views · View Upvoters

How hard would it be to establish a singles club on my own?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not hard at all but you need to know what your challenge is ﬁrst.
It's this..
"I have no friends & no social contacts"
You need to go out ﬁrst and build your own social network by getting involved.
The reason why you don't have social contacts is you haven't gone out in world,
took interest in other people, participated in activities regarding this issue.
No one will aid you until you participate with world and show interest in people,
get involved, get to know them ﬁrst, and let them see you, your personality, and
they see in a sense why to get involved.
People as we all are, do things for our own selﬁsh reason.
Nothing bad about it if it doesn't hurt people. So you need to ﬁrst think about
others ﬁrst, give ﬁrst, participate ﬁrst, get busy doing that. Show your face often
at diﬀerent places like meetups for singles and maybe other places.
Forget waiting for someone to aid you. You got to get the ball rolling and show

proof you mean business on this goal.
First solve this problem = developing your own audience, contacts, social
network etc.
1 View · Answer requested by Sundeep Parhar

How do you tell your GF you want her to change the way she
kisses you/her technique?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't. I never have done so for kissing and for sex when dating women. You
don't tell a girl. You....lead. Years of experience has shown me leading is more
eﬀective.
But what do I mean by lead?
I'll give an example....
I am kissing her but I don't like way she kisses. Instead of telling her to change her
technique I actually encourage..
"You're a great kisser. Love your lips. Let's try this.."
So I am not saying it's her but I am saying we both going to experiment together
and discover. Then when I found the technique i like and she likes it too, I say...
"Now that's a kiss! You got to kiss me like this always cause you send me crazy."
I also use my hands, leading gently, and whisper "slower," and when she does,
"Mmm, love this."
You see what I mean? Encourage, lead, be conﬁdent but gentle.
So lead, encourage, celebrrate each kiss, make her feel good, raise her self esteem.
be that guy who makes her feel great. Just lead.
There is a saying.
Show. Don't tell.
I learnt that in writing stories but I use it in life too. I don't tell someone to
change. I lead myself, encourage, make the person feel good, make it like I am
learning myself and it's a discovery for us both.
2.6k Views · View Upvoters

How should I initially text a girl who I hardly know?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn't text her using that approach.
It be better if you get then number from the girl you're attracted to....rather than
her friend. Or you will creep her out. Instead, you need to ﬁrst ﬁnd the courage to
have approached the girl you are interested in.
1. Approach the girl you like ﬁrst
2. Show intent - i.e. approach, tease, ﬂirt, converse, slight rapport.
3. You ask her for the number so she now knows it came from her consent not

anyone else's.
When you see her make your intent clear. None of this bs I keep reading and
hear.."oh be friends ﬁrst."
You see her you approach and say...
"Hi, I was walking to (cafe, library, bank, whatever) and I saw you. Had to come
over to say you're attractive but....(pause) good looks are very common. I like to
ﬁnd out more about you. Hi my name is....(your name)"
This shows intent. You showed you're attracted to her but...you want to know
about her, not just about her looks. So after you have some fun teasing, talking,
ﬂirting, conversing you can lead to...
"So look, I'd like to get to know you more and continue this conversation over
coﬀee (or whatever). What's your number?"
Give her your mobile phone but appreciate that a number is not a date. Most
women just give numbers for other reasons. They hate saying no to avoid conﬂict
and awkwardness. So even when you do call they are not that interested.
You need to listen to their behavior by seeing if she responsds positively or she's
not putting much eﬀort. If she doesn't when you text and call her then let it go.
There is a diﬀerence between pursing and chasing. You pursued in ﬁrst step.
When you call you've pursued but if she doesn't respond, plays hard to get,
doesn't show emotions, doesn't really show she's interested and you
contiunue....you are now chasing.
Don't chase. Pursue. Know the diﬀerence.
But do not call her by getting her number from her friend.
You don't want to cause awkwardiness from get go. Be conﬁdent and approach
her. That's her story and you need to give her....her story.
The story is what all girls, women share when asked, "how did you meet your
boyfriend?"
Don't take that away from her. Approach her face to face. Be conﬁdent.
3k Views · View Upvoters

Do you think he knows I like him now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Signals...signals...signals. Most guys, don't have a damn clue about annoying
signals especially with ﬂirting. Also we know some girls on social media
especially do it for nothing more but for attention seeking.
We don't take it seriously except if she herself is more direct with words that she
likes the guy and says it to him.
He hasn't got a clue if you like him and he doesn't look bothered about it either.
People ﬂirt for many reason.
1. For attention

2. To feel good about themselves
3. For playful fun
4. Even to overcome some anxiety
5. If they don't like the person and do it as a power trip
So there can be other reasons why guys ﬂirt than liking a girl. It can be ﬂirting,
teasing without the intention of really wanting to date the girl.
That's why it is always best to be more direct earliar on or you don't waste time.
emotions and so much energy looking for signals.
856 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Lisa M Ho

My girlfriend asked me for the reason I broke up with my exgirlfriend. My current girlfriend told me to get back with my ex.
What does it mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You fell for that one, did you? Don't worry mate. I'm 45 years old. and I have seen
all the bs and lingo to last me a life time. I even got a black book ;)
So here goes...
1. She asked you for the reason. The reason isn't really to explain it.
Instead she wanted to hear... "It ain't important. I'm with you. You're important
here and I am with you. Now, tell me what you REALLY worried about huh?"
2. Since you answered, she now tells you to go back to your ex. Like she's saying...
"Why the hell you go and tell me the reason for. Just because I asked? What's wrong
with you? Don't you speak my language?
I didn't mean you go and tell me. I expected you to tell me it ain't important, and
you don't give a shit about all that and you tell me I am the deal here. And ask me
what is REALLY wrong and what I'm REALLY FEELING. That this is about me not
your ex. Aren't you listening to me? Don't you get it?"
Yes, it can send you crazy but hey, this is also an excuse to break up. Really, when
two people together, they won't let something like this break them up. Nor the
girlfriend is going to make that a reason.
If it wasn't about an ex, it be something else.
When a girl or guy asks about past, the storm is already brewing. No matter what
you reply, the seeds have been sown long ago. It was just a matter of time,.
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I deal with the fact that my best friend is getting
engaged before me?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about stop comparing yourself to someone else's life and seeing relationship
even in friendship as a.....competition.
And focus on your relationship.
Far too many people project what's happening outside themselves into the

relationships they are in and on people they meet. If you stop comparing your life
to someone else you won't be worried as much neither jelous.
It's not Tinsel town of Hollywood where celebrities competing who gets married
ﬁrst, who has the ﬁrst baby and who has the best name for the baby.
This is real life.
321 Views

My ex boyfriend lied to me about being married for 4 years.
Now he's getting a divorce and wants to pursue me. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Think of it this way...
If he lied to his wife for starters and also to you - what you think he'll do when he's
with you? Life has given you a massive red ﬂag.
You either listen to the red ﬂag or get burnt later.
He's had his fun and now he wants the rest of the cake and eat it.
In other words, you are plan b.
Plan b = for when the other relationship is done, doesn't work and is a standby to
fall back on.
You want to be that?
No?
Ok. Then slam the door shut.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Two weeks ago I got into a relationship. She is really attached
but I have feelings for someone else. How should I tell her? She
is in love with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know you're at this place where you're afraid to tell her. If you drag this any
longer you're going to really make it worse. You need to move your butt and go to
her and tell her.
What you don't do is this..
"It's not you, it's me."
You just tell her the truth, "I like to be honest. At ﬁrst I felt something but I don't
now. So I'm moving on."
Just don't say, "it's not you, it's me." Be a man and just be honest within
explaining and all that.
That is it. Just go and do it and don't let it linger on anymore. She will get hurt
anyway. Might as well do it now.

This is an action not just about this girl but also you will grow as a ﬁne man for
doing so. It will make you grow.
157 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kyle Ware

My crush is dating someone else and I am heartbroken!!
PLEASE HELP!! :( What should Ido?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I get this question a lot and you are going through same as most guys...
What is diﬀerence between love and attraction?
Also you can read this too..
I hung out with this girl. I confessed to her, she even let me hold her hand, etc.
But later she said she not ready for a relationship. Should I move on or keep being
by her side and wait for my chance?
You made the same mistakes and you even go further in calling another guy
dumb. When you judge someone it doesn't ﬁne them.
It deﬁnes who you are, you're reality and perception in life.
Yes, when competition is there, one can say a lot of things about someone else but
the reality is she isn't into you. She choose the other guy.
That you're feelings will never be enough for both you and her. If it ever were
then attraction will be a choice.
But attraction isn't a choice.
Why I say his?
In her mind, she has a map.
This is you....................................This is the map in her head..................this is her
If in her map within her mind doesn't see you as compatible for her, if her
perception, her reality, her feelings, her emotions does not see you as a sexual
attractive guy for her, then nothing you can do to change that.
Even if you say you love her, you are better for her it means nothing.
Just because you have been there for her does not entitle you to date her. If you
was helping someone then do it sincerely and without raising it in your mind
that..
"I helped her, I was there for her and she went out with someone else."
That's not her fault. That is your fault for investing emotionally, time, eﬀort with
this idea she is into you or will be into you.
When you like someone you immediately tell that person.
If you have known this person for sometime and wasn't feeling anything, but
later you did and you told them....and got rejected - don't raise what you did for
them in your mind.

That is what makes girls sick to stomach about "nice guys."
That is what creeps girls out.
If you behave in an unattractive manner right now, after you have confessed and
she rejected - she will see this as example of how it be like with you. That she was
right to say no to you. That she was right you ain't man enough to walk away.
That she was right on how you're needy, desperate and just like most average
guys who hasn't any options. That other girls don't want to date you. That you're
a loner, got nothing in life and she will always be that focus point.
I remember, a girl said no. I politely said, "thanks for being up front." I
appreciated that she was honest with me. It let me go to be free now to approach
other women. It's what I did and no problem. With my own momentumn I
already had and being a go getter and not a care in world of social pressure, I went
and lived.
5 years later, I met her again. Here's what happened...
We dated. That's what happened for 1 year.
Because I didn't burn that bridge. I don't know what changed from her side. I
don't know what changed for her to be attracted to me. I don't know. Maybe I
grew as a man. Maybe something happened in me.
You know how it is. You do things in life and you don't see the change but other
people around you do. I think that's what happened.
So don't burn that bridge. Let it alone.
Walk away. Show you respect her decision.
This means you don't...
1. Don't text her
2. Don't call her
3.Don't chase her
4. Don't hassling her about dating you
And please, please, don't do what needy, desperate do. They talk about other girls
to the girl that rejected them.
Girls don't give a damn what a guy says. It is in his behavior, in evidence, in real
living. So no boasting about other girls, about how you're dating other girls, and
all that.
Pre-selection does not work that way.
Pre-selection is visual, sub communication.
Those who play that game of talking to the girl who rejected them on how other
girls they are seeing are attractive, are still showing neediness. They are still
trying to be accepted by the girl who rejected them.
They still looking and hungry for her approval.
I see there is advise about it here and I'm saying do not apply such things. It

doesn't work that way.
Appreciate that you can have awesome future, this and that - but it's not about
that. It's not about income, car, whatever most guys think it is.
It's about attraction. That's what gets the girls attention not the rest.
162 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Giovanni Cervantes

How do/did you deal with rejection from a friend after asking
them out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is how I dealt with it.
1. Smiled, and said, 'thanks for being honest. Now that's over, let's get some ﬁsh
and chips. I'm bleeding starving."
2. As we were going to eat and were waiting for our food, a tall red head was
standing next to me. I started talking to her and introduced her to my friend too.
4. I got the her number as my friend was probably like, "what the hell. He just
asked me out!" Hey, she got her chance, now it's for someone else.
As we were eating the food on bench in park, the girl I just met texted me. Asked
if I was free later on. I said yes.
5. I started dating the awesome red head two days later and was so busy having
fun with her, and also my stuﬀ in arts and music took oﬀ, so didn't have
time...hanging out.
Did I feel sad about it?
Nop. I moved on. Such is life.
3.6k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend misses her ex-boyfriend. How do I talk to her
about it or deal with it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You deal with it by not being with someone who misses her ex-boyfriend.
I won't be surprised they already in contact with each other or she's searching
now for him usinf social media or whatever, to get in contact. It's going to
happen. The seeds have been sown in her mind.
So much so, she tells you she misses her ex-boyfriend.
She made her priorities clear to you and if you stay, trying to "help her or talk to
her about it" to make her feel something with you - you will be walked all over.
You'll become like most "nice guys" and used like a Tampon for emotional
support.
I'm not saying don't be nice but there is nice and there is self respect. There is
knowing yourself worth and being with someone who feels love and care for you
too. It's not happening here.
You will be messed around, used, like most nice guys who haven't much self

respect. Trying to save relationship.
It's only going to take you through one heap of rollercoaster and mess.
Walk away. Far too many guys think being good and nice is enough. It's not. If
there is no attraction there and respect for you, forget it. Move on and show you
got respect for yourself.
21k Views · View Upvoters

How do I respond if a guy asks me to be his girlfriend? I like him
a lot but I don’t know how to respond.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When he asks you out just say..
"Yes. When do you think?"
You want to make sure it's concrete. Just in case he gets so excited to forget
sorting it out. Then exchange numbers and away you go, and sort it out.
Keep it simple.
Easier to remember.
When you have lots of stuﬀ to remember, lines, words, it will get you more
nervous.
Just keep the reply simple, smile and look excited about it too.
You just need to show interest back without any mind games, be clear that you
feel same way. This way the guy knows you feel the same way.
Have fun ;)
26.9k Views · View Upvoters

I rejected and ignored him. Now he has deleted my number and
doesn't try to contact me anymore. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Jun 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: This guy liked me and I rejected him, now I am in love with him and he has
rejected me. What should I do?

There's nothing you can do. This happened to me but I was the guy who was
rejected and she liked me too. See here..
Adam Taha's answer to I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to
date me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast.
He told me it was okay but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
If a woman confesses to me that she loves me, I won't take it seriously because
she doesn't know me well. We haven't dated, we haven't got to know each other,
we haven't been intimate including sexual intimacy.
We haven't overcome challenges together to be together.
So there is no foundation to call it love and for me to believe it to be.
If there was, her words will be believable. I'd see her words as sincere, genuine
and I would respect her even more for telling me. Not so, if it so easy for her to
confess to me such feelings.

If I was probably 16 years old, maybe, I'd be delighted but not so now. I'm mature,
grown, gone through relationships, been married before, divourced. I've gone full
circle in dating life and other things in life.
Maybe if a man is desperate. Maybe if he has low self worth.
Maybe if he has no options whatsoever. Maybe if all he cares about is to screw a
girl then he'll say, 'yeah it's love from me too.'
But I'm not desperate and I dont' see myself as low self worth.
I have met women who wanted to say yes, but say no.
Then later on, I ﬁnd from their friends or themselves but by that time, a lot has
gone through my mind..
1. She's indecisive. So she will be later and it be drama type of relationship.
2. It's that playing hard to get bs isn't it? Forget it. I've moved on
3. I just cannot be bothered getting hurt by same person again.
4. Maybe she was interested in some other guy and I'm plan b.
Lots of things go inside the guys head but most of all it is the feelings of being
rejected, hurt and he wants to avoid anymore of that.
So sometimes, depending on the guy, there is nothing you can do.
I personally moved on and a week later dating someone else. I don't go back or
say yes to someone who rejects me.
You've approached him, he's rejected and so, you just have to move on.
Next time, if a guy asks you out, instead of saying no, get to know him. Say, "Ok.
Let's go for a coﬀee. I don't know you but it be great way of ﬁnding out if we're
great together."
Give the chance, don't burn that bridge.
That's what dating is about.
Finding out if one is compatible instead of letting the brain create all kinds of
fears, stories and assumptions about the guy or situation.
You can later, if you ﬁnd out the attraction isn't there, say no. At least you gave
yourself time to make a decision and not be hasty.
38.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the diﬀerence between love and attraction?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is diﬀerence between love and attraction?

When you see someone you like, it is about you. It's about your feelings, your
desires, fears and hopes. You become obessessed by this one person but at that
moment in time it is just about your desires. The person you are attracted to is
removed from you at this moment in time.
It is infatuation, lust.
It is also a very dangerous place to be in because if you don't act immediately, it
becomes an idea in your head. Many a times I have seen girls, guys, women and
men fall trap to this particular phase.
So much so, it is coined as one-itis.
To be obessessed about this person and think there is no one like this person.
That it has to be this person or no one else. That it must work. It has to work. It's

got to work and so, the person stays in that phase and emotionally invests time,
eﬀort, thinking about this one person.
Never a moment in thinking about wondering about what the other person
wants, feelings, thinks of and instead it's just me...I....me.
They build castles in the sky, brick by brick, until it becomes a full blown
Hollywood movie or a romance novel, played in their mind. It is a life of fearing
the future when they should live in the present. In the now.
They think that their feeling for the person they like is enough for both. It's not.
The other person needs to know without confessing feelings of love and
romantism. Instead maturely approach and see ﬁrst if the person is someone
they like to date.
You see if this person is compatible.
However, for those who take immediate action it's very diﬀerent.
If they do not linger in future and live in the present - to immediately approach,
tease, ﬂirt, converse. They ﬁnd out instantly if the other person feels the same. If
not they move on.
So energy is put into building castles in the sky. No story. No emotionally
investing time, eﬀort in an idea. An illusion.
Rejection can be real bad here when it happens.
Detaching from the outcome isn't going to be easy. They still be disillusioned on
how they feel about this one person should be enough. It can never be enough.
Even if the person doesn't emotionally invests lots of time, eﬀort and gets
rejected - it hurts still.
But it's not as bad when they have put so much time.
That's why I say...
'If you like someone, approach immediately. Don't assume, create some
stories in your mind or some manipulative game to be a friend ﬁrst when the
intention is something else. You don't know this person. They may not be into
you and you're putting all this energy into some story in your head. Find out
fast. Take action now."
Love is diﬀerent because love isn't about 'me.'
Rather it is about 'us.' It is about 'WE.'
It is your life, your identity, your thoughts, your dreams, passion merging with
this person like a painting in which a collage of your life, your experiences, your
joy, entwines with this person too.
That doesn't mean you are lost.
Nor does it mean the one you love loses their identity, their core values, their
belief, their needs, wants etc.
It just means you want to know about each other in a deeper level to help each
other. In knowing each other you become stronger. You and the one you love,
against the world and to do so, you both need to know as much as you can about
each other.
You are still you but this time, it is about giving to the one you love.
It is about making them happy, learning about each other, overcoming lots of
perceptions, conﬂict, barriars and if you go through these and withstand what

most cannot - even - walking away from the tempting opportunities of being able
to screw a woman or guy without the other person because you love the person
you are with.....love grows even greater.
It gets real deep because in atrraction there is a lot hidden.
In attraction there is a lot of witholding back due to fear. The fear of rejection.
Sometimes people wear diﬀerent masks, faces and yes...there are games played
by some people. Sometimes people so hurt, so scared, that even when they want
to say yes, they self sabotage and say no. They screw up.
Since the other person does not know about who they like and sees that happen;
they feel bad. They feel hurt. They feel rejected. They don't see that the other
person comes with a perception, pain, insecurities, fears, desires and take it
personally.
Rejection, no matter what does hurt.
But this is love and the greatest of love is you are both open, transparent, to reveal
your weakness not just your strengths. You both reveal who you are, wide open,
and even sharing your desires without fear.
You understand why the one you love says this or that. You forgive, you let go
when the one you love acts upset, or just goes nuts for some reason.
You're not so patient with someone who you have yet not grown to love. I know
I'm not.
I maybe attracted to a woman but I can easily, with great speed get turned oﬀ. It
can be anything she does, says, and I will assume something and I will move on. I
won't be forgiving and I won't give a shit if she's "shy" and all that.
That's at the attraction stage.
Like someone said to me on comment under one of my aswers, about a woman
who didn't say yes but said no. Playing hard to get.
"But you could have said to her friends to ask her out, try again.!
No, because in attraction stage I am not that forgiving. At this stage I am not in
love with her and my values are very diﬀerent to most guys. I want a woman who
is decisive and has the maturity and conﬁdence to say yes meaning yes.
No meaning no.
So in attraction it is easy a guy or woman to walk away. It is easier for desire to
channel itself somewhere else. It is easier to not forgive for small things and big
things.
You can walk away fast if I get a hint of a red ﬂag and I'm glad I do too.
I remember I didn't years ago so now I do.
In attraction you don't invest as much as you would when you're already dating
and in a serious relationship. There is no comittment of such.
That is if, one is mature and knows not to invest emotions in what is not yet clear
i.e. other person says and shows they are really interested too.
But when I am with a woman and I've grown to know her and she has grown to
know me, and we have gone through many challenges together - I am very
forgiving.
I will love her and I will even love when she is sarcastic, when she goes a bit
angry, and do things that annoy me. I will and have done laughed it oﬀ, smiled,

pressed her on the wall and just made her laugh.
Not so in early stages of attraction.
I have found in past, when two people love each other to such a level, that jelousy
is gone, and they now both have a goal, an vision, a purpose even if they have
diﬀerent needs, wants.
That purpose is to make each other happy.
Why? Because now being happy isn't about just me, I. It is about 'us.'
It's about seeing the one you love happy, smile, not cry, not feel lost, alone, hurt.
Even when the one you love cries, it will hurt. I am known to be very cold and
emotionaless at times but when I am in love with a woman and she cries, is
hurt....I hurt too. It's like it strikes me too.
You want the one you love achieve whatever success she desires. You want to
know what these goals are. You will cncourage, you will try to make it easier, even
though you sometimes can't due to whatever happens in world.
But you will try even with a smile, a touch, words of comfort and these to your
lover means a great deal because the person knows it is real.
You'll be there for the one you love and you'll be each other's champion.
So attraction is about you, what you want and you see someone and it's all about
you getting this person to feel same way. It is fulﬁlling and satisfying your own
hunger and desire.
Love is about 'us.'
Even when you make love - you want to pleasure your lover. You want to satisfy
your lover. It's not just about own own ego.
Attraction is instant - kabooooooooom!
It's the sexual desires, desire. It's about what you want.
Love is gradual and it's about 'us.'
47.3k Views · View Upvoters

I hung out with this girl. I confessed to her, she even let me hold
her hand, etc. But later she said she not ready for a relationship.
Should I move on or keep being by her side and wait for my
chance?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it's one of the many mistakes most guys make and no, you don't stand a
second chance. The reason being much of what you need to sort out will take
some time.
But let's look at it for a moment...
1. You confessed to her about your feelings.
I've never did that with any girl, woman until I have dated many times, got to
know her, she got to know be, had sexual intimacy. Oh, not a damn way do I talk
about my past relationships. No, no. no.
2. You gave her gift, bracelet.
Showing the aﬀectionate behavior again far too soon. Like she is the girl you're
going to marry. Sending strong vibes of some serious stuﬀ. Hell, you haven't even
dated for 6 month.

3. You lacked conﬁdence
You don't ask a girl "do you consider me to be your boyfriend."
That's like asking, ""am I good enough for you. Please tell me I'm good enough for
you. Please tell me I am good enough."
That's so needy, desperate and it shows you don't believe in yourself.
You see, your behavior is of the "nice guys" who put girls on pedestals, and do all
sorts to impress the girl. Buy stuﬀ, compliment...compliment and even asking out
dates like they asking permission from their mother.
This what we mean by "nice guy."
We don't mean, don't be nice but we mean don't act like this.
For some girls, they would have walked away on ﬁrst date or ﬁrst time they
communicated with you.
What she is saying, isn't that she's not ready for a serious relationship.
It's just that she doesn't feel attraction with you anymore. Your behavior killed
attraction. She isn't sexually attracted to you. You were being far too desperate
and moving far too fast with making it serious.
What do you do now?
No, don't wait for her. Don't wait for her to call. You go out and approach other
girls. Get some experience under your belt. Sort out your desperate behavior too
and neediness.
If you wait on her then that in itself is desperate.
Move on and approach other girls - and stop buying things for girls like you want
to impress them - and win their aﬀection.
That's how you'll get walked over.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

I feel like I'm getting in the way of my two best friends'
relationship. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Personally, I would stop with this texting back and forth with her and also guy
too. Also sort it with her to not text much either. Create distance.
Then get yourself busy approaching woman and dating, or at least making more
friends and make a big social life. You're spending way too much time and it's not
helping them both either.
She's also immature too and so is the guy - and both needs to communicate with
each other more and grow up.
She's getting the emotional support from you, and then going back to him. She
needs to sort the emotional support with him and get talking and develop deeper
relationship because this is becoming a right mess.

If I were you, you need to spend less time with texting her and more time meeting
new friends, get busy and even work it that you're not so available for her.
Including texting part too.
This is their relationship. Let them sort it out and stop getting involved. They
want some help, they can hire a professional counselling session and leave you
out of it.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Does hard work really beat talent as most people claim?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: People say hard work beats talent. Is this true?

I have many talents and though it took hard work to draw, sketch, paint, sing,
write songs, graphic design, web design, and coach etc....I found a way after some
years in combining them together as one talent.
And believe me, the amazing focus that has given me and direction, when
uniﬁying them all with a real story, and now my brand products I'm
creating....well....it's just crazy. It's got me a lot of customers.
So much so, I am working on website so they can just buy from there and this will
help me to make it a scalable model.
Even with talent and hard work it wasn't enough.
Something was missing and it made me feel empty.
I had to ﬁgure out the purpose. I had to ﬁgure out where all of it will lead too. The
vision in a sense and years ago I wasn't 100% clear but I was in a sense had a
feeling where it would go.
But now it's diﬀerent. I can see very clear where all will lead to.
I didn't need to choose one and instead found a way to uniﬁy them together as
anique combination of talent and skills but all surround a personal real story.
Marketing knowledge and sales helped in a big way. I had to learn other things to
help me know how to do this.
I'm personally chuﬀed at all these years of learning diﬀerent skills to now be able
to put them together and have customers already. It's moving pretty fast now.
777 Views

What is it like to be in an interracial relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do you like about your interracial relationship?

For me, personally, going out with diﬀerent caucassian, women and still do but
other cultures. Mostly draw to caucassian thought and - opened my eyes to a lot
of things like the jokes part...
"You didn't get that joke?"
"Oooh, was it a joke. No, seriously. I don't get it."
Then I'd share a joke, and they be like, "that's not a joke, that's an epic story, a
movie."

"But it's how we tell jokes in our community and culture."
Then there's the food!
I was introduced to sausages and mashed pototoes with gravy.
Since I was a kid , I learnt to cook. Now I cooked rice, curries, lots of diﬀerent
eastern dishes.
So women I date be like,"OMG! YOU CAN COOK! OMG!"
And..
"It's ok, relax. I'm doing dishes." I'd say
"You will?"
"Erm, yeah, why?"
"OMG"
When I was a kid living with parents, I'd help out a lot with house, business etc.
So I'm used to do these things and well, I don't see it as man role, woman role. I
just do the dishes, cook, laundry and sometimes, it's bit of a shock for caucassian
british women I date at times.
But with cooking, I can share many dishes from my culture and I get this...
"OMG! This is heaven."
"It is?"
"I never had a guy cook like this for me."
"Well then, get used to it because I cook and rarely go out buying takeaways. Try
this."
"Mmmmmm. I can get used to it?"
"You can? Cool. I can get used to your complimenting my food."
Then there's the culture of going out, clubbing and none happen like that in our
culture. Our clubbing be like weddings...weddings...many weddings in the month
and other festive stuﬀ - and because I'm known in community, I'd be invited to
tons of weddings.
Then I see weddings in the woman's british culture and it so diﬀerent.
So it's a lot of things I get to see, experience, and it's a wonderful experience but
there are other experiences I don't get, which was diﬃcult for a while.
Like humour that's entwined by sarcasm and some of the jokes I just don't get.
I'd be sitting with the relatives and friends of women I date - and they be cracking
jokes and I'll be puzzled by the jokes.
Also I don't drink and everyone else kind of drinks alcohol and so I get to see this
a lot and most don't get why I am so buzzing, open, having fun without the
drinking.
Right now, I'm dating a woman from France.
I am about to eat...mussels. I never eat mussels before and also, meeting some
famous artists form her network of families. So this is going to be fun.
621 Views · View Upvoters

How do guys feel when you see a girl crying because of you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about asking the tough questions instead of what other guys think about a
girl crying and solve this here...
"but he never changes."
Forget about him for a moment. It's you who never changes. You got this guy who
you say ﬂirts with many girls, and even kisses, snuggles. He knows he hurts your
feelings BUT....he never changes.
So he's been doing this more than once, twice etc.
And you by choice is still with him.
He's not the problem. You're choices are. You're values are. You staying put is. You
thinking it doesn't get better than this.
It's like so many girls, women wanting to ﬁx the guy. They don't like 99% of the
stuﬀ about the guy but they will try and change the 99%, hoping he will change,
because whatever reason..
Probably greaty sex huh? Probably drama. Probably fear that this is as good as it
gets but it this is not as good at it gets. It gets better when you believe in yourself and believe you can do better than this
Yes, yes, I know. It's not logical. It's emotions and "Oooh I love him" and "But..."
Yes, but, because..blah blah.
Now since you mentioned "How do guys feel when a girl is crying..."
Well since yous aid this is reason why you're crying, then I'd be rolling my eyes. I
won't be like, "Awwwww." I be like, "WTF you doing. Leave. Move on."
What? You want him to pity you?
So I'm not answering this question in way you expect.
I'm saying, where's your priorities?
He's treating you wit disrespect.
How about, "Why am I still with this guy and how the do I move on?" is what
you're question needs to be.
21k Views · View Upvoters

Why do we always associate a good man with being boring,
ﬂaccid, and indeterminate?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because "good guys" think being good, being nice, having a degree, having a job,
and all rest I hear most say, as some entitlement and a reason for a woman to say
yes to a guy for dating.

"But I'm nice, I always smile, supportive, and yet she goes oﬀ with this other guy."
Hear this bs most of time, "why all assholes get the girls, the women.."
Good guy from what I've seen, think being chivlarious, nice, available, romantic,
and "Oh I love her," as a reason for the girl/women to choose him.
They don't get it. Most never do.
1. They shit at approaching women. They think woman going fall from sky.
2. They don't take action. Just stare, or be that friend..friend bs to get close to a
girl. Hoping that she gets to know him and walla! She will fall for him. Some will
have this crush for years on a girl before taking action.
3. They have no idea about woman psychology in regards to dating
4. They complain, whinge, bitch about mostly everything including dating
5. And most take rejection so damn hard they still pining over that one girl.
Being nice and rest I mentioned is suppose to be some reason to attract a woman,
date a woman, for a woman to fall for the guy and to get ahead in life.
That's what one means by nice.
It doesn't mean, not being polite, being a gentleman. It means having balls to be
congruent to what one feels and does it. Understanding how world works, how
other being works and get with it instead of thinking being nice, good is the
quality that helps you succeed with something.
"But I'm nice guy, why won't she like me."
No one gives a shit. This doesn't bring any value to someone else.
It's not some superpower or some unique quality.
661 Views · View Upvoters

How easy is it for an attractive 21 year old guy to pick up women
over 30?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't believe ALL women over 30 are all looking for serious relationship.
My friend he's 21 and he met a 30 year old woman.
He in fact met quiet a few in few months and they weren't looking for long
relationships. They were looking for buddies. Some weren't interested in longterm relationship and looking just to date and nothing serious.
He has above average skills but he has other things which I will mention below.
He's very proactive and isn't scared to approach.
Nothing is easy if you're not hot good looking. If you're not that great looking it
doesn't mean you won't get much success. You just need to try harder, look
beyond average and do other things most good looking guys rarely do.
It will depend on diﬀerent factors...
1. Your conﬁdence
2. Your skills at approaching, social skills, knowledge in woman psychology in
regards to dating.

3. You're own resources i.e. social circle and going out.
So it's like anything else really.
Just do it.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does she get jealous when I talk to or about other girls
since I have no retionship with her at all?
Adam Taha, Passionate about self development
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're with her, the friend, or even an associate. So no point talking about other
girls. Talk about something else.
It doesn't mean she likes you, or there's attraction there - if that's what you're
trying to ﬁnd out. The only way to ﬁnd out if a girl is into you is to take action.
Ask her out
But no matter what - even friends compete. She feels threatened. It's her being
insecure when you start talking about other girls.
Even if she's just a friend.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

He is a married man, he gave me all the signals that is
interested in me, but now he ignores me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You didn't listen to the ﬁrst signal which is more powerful than eye contact, any
tease and ﬂirting. It's real and it's called 'he's married.'
That alone was a message to just stay away from married men.
Now, Like most women, most guys ﬂirt, tease intentionally to follow through and
ﬂirting without intent.
Without intent is done because...
1. To get attention
2. To be aroused
3. To feel they still got it to attract women
4. To feel good
There is no intention to following through.
There is teasing with intent that's where men/women don't do it too much of the
ﬂirting and teasing for a long period of time. Instead they have clear intention to
meet, date etc. That takes real quick, and not prolonged in days, weeks, months.
Usually a conversation that's playful and already talking when to meet after a
couple conversations.
64 Views · View Upvoters

what should i do to make my crush interested in me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Dec 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know a little bit about him and he only knows your name - but you say you're
in love. You mean infatuation, attraction, that's what it is.
Attraction is immediate. It's like Kaboooooooom! Love is gradual as you go
through phases physically, face to face, intimacy, sexual imtimation through a
period of time.
Most girls and even guys, think just because they feel something for someone, it
is enough.
But it's not.
It needs two people to feel attraction between each other. Usually, one will be
attracted and the other won't even know.
So what do you do then?
You take action. You need to approach him, make eye contact, smile, say hi, get to
know him, talk to him and don't confess any talk about love. It will creep a guy
out who is of self worth and conﬁdence.
He'd expect maturity than talk about love ﬁrst sight kind of thing.
Then after conversing you can lead it to go out for a drink if coﬀee. Be clear in a
sense this isn't some friend, friend thing. Show interest, ﬁrt in a positive way,
when going out touch as you converse, use your eyes, use your lips to show
interest, and if you can't do that then approach as friend but it will send mixed
signals.
The disadvantage of friend is the guy doesn't know you're into him so it leaves it
wide open for other girls to approach. It happened to some friends of mine. Girl
approached a a friend and did not make it clear she's into him due to fear of
rejection. Also that it's best to build comfort.
Next month she sees the same guy walking with a girl in college. She ﬁnds out
they are now datig.
When she asked him later he replied, "I didn't know. I didn't think you saw me
that way. You didn't show interest in that way with me. I thought you were just a
friend and wanted to be just a friend."
Some guys won't make move if they are 100% clear woman is into them due to
fear of rejection. My friend feared rejection so he's like that and most guys are like
that. So if both are not going to be clear about it, then be ready that if a conﬁdent
girl sees that guy she will be clear about it. She isn't going to dance about trying to
be pals.
So take action. At least start saying hi and talk.
783 Views

I'm new in tinder. Got over 50macthes. Usually girls start
conversation. I say a joke or ask about her. I'm ignored. Why?
What should be my approach?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, don't worry about online as much because anything can be happening.
Most just want a response from a guy and dissappear. Many girls/women are

online for nothing more than attention. So if someone can't take a joke, then
really, do you want to even date someone like that?
Like oﬄine, a number isn't a date. It's just a number. Same with tinder, it's just a
match. You're going to go through a lot online as you do oﬄine. You'll ﬁnd many
are ﬂakes, just want attention, and don't know what the hell they want.
Plus with all fear going around their head, it's worse online than oﬄine. At least
oﬄine you see the girl, approach, etc and they get a feel for you. Oﬄine is very
diﬀerent and hard when you're new.
The jist of it, if it ain't working, change something anyway. See what works for
you. So even if I give advise, try diﬀerent things and see what works for you.
Here's what not to do though....
Never use humour to insult and...
1. To mock
2. Make jokes about her or body ﬁgure, traites
Also for conversations don't...
3 Brag about income, job, car,
4. Brag about dating other women
5. Negativity, and talk about ex's and problems.
Instead, see her proﬁle and..
A) Look at what she's into, interest, passion, her statement.
B) Start with that.
C) Take interest in her without being needy and lead it to a fun conversation.
263 Views · View Upvoters

I loved a girl for more than 6 years. I have told her but she never
replied. I don't know how to convince her about my feelings.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guys unfortunately are not trained to move on. Wired to hold on to hope. Far too
many think that their feeling is big enough for both the guy and girl.
Heard this phrase before..
"It takes two to tango."
In this context, it means it takes two people to fall in love, to like each other, to be
sexually attracted to each other.
There is no two.
It's one sided and has been for 6 years.
It's simple. It's a no. She's not into you in that way. She isn't interested in you to
date you.
Unwise and immature is a man who loves a woman for years, emotionally
investing time, emotions, and feeding his mind with an idea, an illusion which is

what it is when the girl herself has not shown such interest.
It is only an idea in the head, castles built in the sky, and it hurts because of the
amount of time, emotions, a guy invests. Instead of immediately taking action to
get a yes or a no, and if no.....moves on.
She is not sexually attracted to to you. She does not see you in this way and
probably never will. To even hope and wait is like a man who puts his life on hold,
hiding away from the vast opportunities in life in which he can meet other
women.
Putting a woman on a pedestal, thinking this is the best it gets when it's not.
No one is entitled to date anyone. She can date 100 guys in past and say no to you,
and she still be in the right because it is her choice. Same with you too. You can
date and have dated many women in past and no woman can say anything about
it if you say no to woman. It is your choice.
You're mistake is you loved a woman for 6 years and so you put yourself in a zone,
which is all in your head, by your behavior. You don't invest so much emotions,
your mind, time and thinking in a woman in that way - who is not your girlfriend.
That's why I approach immediately and get it out of the way. Yes or no, and I
move on fast if a no. Saves me a lot of time and emotionally strain.
You're too available, she doesn't see you dating other attractive women. I bet she
never known you have dated or seen you do so with attractive women than her.
You're not a challenge.
Women pre-select. It's the most powerful attraction power for men.
Women see a guy being pursued by women, and this increases his value in her
eyes. He becomes the chooser not her because he has got many options. He has
choices. He doesn't wait around and orbit around woman.
Let her go and move on. First demonstrate attractive behavior and don't put
women on a pedestal. 6 years man! 6 years. I won't waste one minute never nind 6
years. I'd ask, ﬁnd out immediately and if no, I'd move on.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl I like tells me that she is topless?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means nothing until she is front of you, have been dating and she is topless in
front of you. Heck, she's naked. If that isn't the case then it's just nothing but a
tease, ﬂirt, until you lead to meet face to face, date, and get intimate etc.
Women do and say things for many reasons if you're not dating...
1. For attention
2. To feel aroused, feel good.
3. To feel they still got it to attract man for fun
4. And of course....if they are interested in guy.
But the 4th one, you won't know until you take action to lead and ask her out.
That's when you know if she's doing it for nothing but 1-3 or she's really into you.

Until then, don't take it as anything else. Don't try to decipher or emotionally
invest time, emotions but save yourself a lot of wasting time by asking her out.
You want to know the truth of it, go ahead and ask her out to ﬁnd out if she likes
you and want to see you - OR - she just likes the attention, and fantasy.
You'll know what it really means by asking her out.
4.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should I keep liking this girl or move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hi Bob, thanks for A2A
I never wait for a woman when she is undecisive. I don't really ponder on why a
woman says things like....
I'm not ready for a relationship
I'm not ready for a serious relationship
I don't know
Now is not a good time, I'm sorry.
I believe in myself and believe she is not for me and move on. She has given me
the answer and no matter how she said it...it is a no. Damn if I wait for any woman
and hope the right time will come.
Think about it for a moment.
It is never a good outcome to wait because that means you now hide yourself
away. You hide yourself away and miss out the many opportunities to meet other
women, approaching them, and live life to the full.
To hide away and imagine someone grows to like you enough, to accept you, to ﬁt
you in their schedule?
You lose a lot more when waiting for someone.
Sure, there is the situation of logistic, time and place, distance which keeps
people apart for a while but that isn't waiting.
Waiting is a sign of absence of conﬁdence, absence of love, and being in this
pitiful state of unhappiness in the oﬀ chance the other person says, "Oh ok. I can
now ﬁt you into my busy schedule. I like you enough for that."
It is neediness, desperation to desire validation, a recipocration of feelings from
the other person who doesn't notice you, doesn't feel the same way, and sees who
you are.
Most have been waiting and tried to be that perfect someone in the hope the
woman or guy says yes. It only hurts the one who waits, who invests time
thinking about this one person, emotionally invest, engaging themselves about
this one person.
Why?
That someone else's self respect is worth more than themselves?

That someone else's time is worth more than theirs?
The right time for you is always "now" because "now" is all we got. That means we
move on and approach because we know it does get better than this.
It's for men who do not live in this ﬁckle place called 'hope.'
Rather than do what most guys do - feeding their mind with ideas about the
woman and waits....waits...wait in hope....instead of living in the present, the
now.
The "now" said "she's not interested."
The "now" said "she doesn't think it's the right time, she's busy," means she isn't
that into you.
That's what the NOW is saying.
It really doesn't matter why she said it. Nor if she is busy or won't be later on.
Have more faith, belief and conﬁdence in yourself because most men don't have
that, and wait.
That is what men with self worth do.
They have self respect. They got options because they move on. They have vast
resources because they move on. They got the ball always in their court because
they move on.
Those who don't haven't any options wait because they haven't got anything else
and scared of life. Probably fantasizing about the woman who said it's not right
time for her and continue waiting...... in hope that ONE DAY.... she will say yes
when they try again.
Probably do all sorts to try and impress the woman they like.
Their action alone in waiting tells their mind that there is nothing better out
there for them. That they should wait because if they don't, they will lose her.
That this is best it gets for them.
That is why they won't move on.
Fear...of...loss.
The situation most men put themselves in is due to their lack of belief in
themselves and rationalise on how it is wise to wait. That it's patiance.
If you use the ﬁrst step in dating - to wait for any woman and hope it will one day
look up for you....you already started on the wrong footing.
I gurantee, if you do just that, move on, approach more, don't give any time or
thinking to anyone who cannot see you right now, you will be happier. You will
not be in position most men are and you will have many options in life.
Don't invest any time, thinking and emotions on her.
Go all out for yourself mate.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bob Ross

How do I tell this girl who friend-zoned me that I don't want
anything to do with her anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No one can friendzone anyone. A girl cannot friendzone a guy and a guy cannot
friendzone the girls. It is done by the person themselves who doesn't move on in
approaching other girls rather putting some girl on a pedestal.
Some guys wait...waiting...and emotionally invest with time, before they even say
something. Then get upset why girl said no but goes out with someone else. Then
they display neediness, desperate behavior to orbit around her or sulk. Or try and
tell girl they don't want to meet her again when they can just move on.
You know, not give it some big deal attention.
Everyone has a choice. No one, girl or guy is entitled to say a girl/guy hasn't the
right to say no and then dates someone else.
Instead see it for what it is. That she wasn't into you.
Most girls are not going to tell you the truth and say no, I am not into you. Usually
they will say..
I'm not ready or interested in a relationship
I'm not ready for a serious relationship
I don't know
It's not the right time. Busy and sorting my head out
Girls say this because they have had maybe a lot of guys who cannot take a no and
get all pissed oﬀ, calling them all sorts or they keep persisting. Most girls, and
guys, in fact you'll see this in world all time - that people won't really say the
truth on how they feel. The reason is to avoid awkwardiness, conﬂict and also to
avoid being brave to say what needs to be said.
Being brave comes with consequences at times which most people like to avoid.
So they say something else in the hope the person gets the message. They say no
in a diﬀerent way, a polite way as though it's not about the person who asked out.
That way there isn't awkwardiness.
But in reality is does cause awkwardiness. So the thing they avoid actually
happens but that's how it is in real life.
You don't need to say anything to her. Instead, distance yourself, go and approach
other girls, date other girl, and be busy with your own passion and interest.
Or you're just going to give her more attention like she's so important when really,
she isn't. It's easy to distance oneself from someone and be busy. They'll get the
message especially in this fast world when most lost touch fast.
13 Views · View Upvoters

I keep dating men who say they had fun, hold my hand, kiss me,
and plan our second date but I never hear from again. Why does
this happen so often?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This answer can't be answered because there isn't enough details. It can be
anything really that happened on the date, or afterwards. Nothing also about how
you met these guys.
So it can be anything like...
1. Lack of communication, talking.
2. Being socially awkward.
3. There wasn't much of a connection.
4. Maybe talking about past, negativity, ex, etc.
5. Asking too much serious questions.
6. How you dress, smell etc.
7. Afterwards, texting, phoning, etc.
So it's not easy to know as I wasn't there at the date and there isn't much
information. If something isn't working then maybe you need to ﬁgure it out.
Change somethings. See what works and what doesn't without compromising
your values.
Only these guys can really say and usually, they won't say why.
692 Views · View Upvoters

This guy keeps asking me to do sexual stuﬀ and I keep saying
no, he says, "I'll call your home phone if you ignore me" or "I'll
talk to ur parents." He knows the area I live in and I blocked his
number. What should I do after a guy says this?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What is alarming is how you cannot diﬀerentiate that what is happening is bad, is
harmful and shouldn't be tolerated. Now I don't know how old you are but if you
can't even see this guy isn't respecting your boundaries, and asking, 'is this bad'
then you must be quite young.
So to be clear. It's worse than bad.
This is danger. This is a threat. Don't take it likely.
Dont delete the text/messages. Save them so you can show them your parents and
authorities. Don't converse with him at all. Block him on everything.
Then...
Report it to police because if you don't, and it continues, they'll want to know
why you didn't do so earliar on.
5k Views · View Upvoters

When it comes to personality, I’m pretty darn sure I’m his type.
When it comes to looks, however, I’m not so sure. Should I
make a move despite of that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only thing you need to know is this....
1. Do you like the guy?
2. Then you approach and do something about it.
That's only way you're going to know.

If you think you shouldn't, well, it's like everything in life. Isn't it?
You don't get what you look at. You get what you go for. You take the risk and if
that means you get rejected, so be it.
I don't think about the rejection. I rather approach and see. If no, fair enough. I
move on but I'm not going to think about what if, and all that later on. That's why
I approach. That's probably why I am ahead of most of my friends.
I don't reject myself. I don't think the other person, opportunities are too good for
me or that the obstacles are too tough for me to take on.
If I lived like that, I'd not have learnt much of what I know today to answer
questions on Quora and do the things I do today.
Know what you want.
Be decisive.
Take action and throw everything else like the fear of rejection, awkwardiness
and all that to the wind.
745 Views · View Upvoters

If I'm upset in the relationship, is it my gf/bfs responsibility to
"ﬁx" it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From below comment it seems your girlfriend is easily irritated about text. That
you don't respond at her convienence. I'm personally busy most of time and
cannot be bothered to reply but call. I don't like texting much.
The women I date are mature and they are same. We only use text for emergency
and when we want to talk, well, we pick up phone and call.
I only had one incident like yours and I said to her that I'm sorry if I seemed
distant but if you wanted to talk, pick up the phone. She kept acting immature for
two weeks and that was it. I thought I'm not having this bs.
I called and met her, and I said, "me and you are done. We're over. I'm sick of your
immaturity with texting. Go and date some kid. I already apologised, and you still
behave this way. It's over."
I walked oﬀ and moved on.
That was only one incident. I never had it with any othe women I've dated.
345 Views

What are some things us guys do that make girls
uncomfortable?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 8, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Cheers Alfred, for the A2A
We have to be careful with giving advise on this because every girl is very
diﬀerent. It is also depends on the logistic. As you can see, you will have read,
don't touch, don't escalate i.e. touch...seduction too fast.

Example - I am in a night club. I see a girl..STARING at me. Now that's a girl mate
doing the staring and yet we see below some sating, don't stare, at their ass, etc.
Well, I approached, I said something cheeky, cocky, and took her hand, and
turned her around, and we later had a drink, danced, laughed.
We went home together.
Now there are other girls, I approached in the night club. Out of 15 of women, 8
didn't respond like she did. Some were all backing oﬀ but rest didn't.
Plus I won't behave this way in a diﬀerent environment and yes, the environment
does matter because it does inﬂuence people's behavior.
Whle one thing works there, it might not work somewhere else. But it will at
another environment than a night club.
You see what I'm getting at Alfred?
While one girl will not even let you touch her, the other girl will go for it. While
one girl won't sleep with you next day, the other girl will the same night you met
her - and she will even intiate if she's conﬁdent, unbuckle you and do the whole
lot.
So I take advise about these things carefully because contaray to belief and social
norms, most guys approach girls to date her. But I don't approach girls to date.
I ﬁrst approach to see what mindset she is in and I know what type I want. Is she
someone I can get along, down to earth, fun, conﬁdent, sexual as I am. I know
which type will back away, which will not even kiss on ﬁrst time and which will
go for it. There is no judgment from me if a girl backs away or engages with me.
I want a woman to reject if she isn't into the type of guy I am. That's ﬁne by me
but I won't think of approaching women with same attitude that girls/women are
the same so I approach the same. It doesn't happen like that in real life
unfortunately.
You wouldn't market your product to mass of people and aim it at everyone.
You'd know your ideal targeted consumer, research, test, measure and create a
marketing compaign and message towards a particular customer.
You can't please everyone. You got to know who you are ﬁrst and be congruent to
your belief, attitude, what you want and learn from your experience.
So the ﬁrst step..
1. The ﬁrst guys get wrong is they don't ﬁrst ask themselves what type of girl they
want.
2. The second is asking what type of relationship they want so they don't send
mixed signals due to their behavior. Girls/women will try toi dictate the role to
something else and a guy must be careful to not just speak the words on what he
wants but also he must behave in harmony to what he speaks.
He can't say, I am not looking for a serious relationship and then approaching her
like some romantic guy, and then calling every day, meeting her 3-5 times a
weeks. That's sending mixed signals.

3. Most guys don't take immediate action and waste time, emotions, thinking
about her or even taking action that sends mixed communication, i.e. signals.
4. Most guys compliment too much about girl's looks, her basic traite rather than
striking a conversation to ﬁnd out more about her for real. That's without asking
lots of questions and using statements, and knowing how to converse.
5. Most guys approach way too serious i beginning.
They don't even know the girl and they already got some big picture of dating her,
romance, spend life with her. First approach fast, ﬁnd out who she is, because for
all you know she may look attractive but when she speaks you ﬁnd she is
superiﬁcial or just not a great conversationist. You ﬁnd lack of experience in life
and boring.
Maybe a bitch.
You ﬁnd she is manipulative, possessiveness and a liar.
But you won't know if you don't listen to the feedback.
So look beyond, qualify her, see who she really is and don't assume anything
because of her looks. Show conﬁdence that you're not like most guys falling for
her looks. You want to see who she really is.
So forget about resturant. Go for a walk and ﬁnd out more about her.
Forget watching a movie for 2 hours sitting down. Go to a quiet cafe and talk, go
for iceream, converse, face to face, and ﬁgure she is and she ﬁgures who you are.
Make it a walking, talking adventure.
Not some serious resturant 1950 meal which creates awkwardiness and too
serious.
So don't be eager to please but not be rude. Don't be eager to agree on things that
you don't agree on but do it politely not like you're her father, mother or older
brother, judging her but saying you don't agree.
6. Most guys have very low social skills.
They cannot hold a conversation because they haven't lived. They haven't
approached many girls either. They haven't invested time in passion that is
interactive with the world than just internet and computer games. They make
socially awkward and shy to deﬁne them.
7. They label it as a date.
Asking a girl out on a "date" makes it sound so serious instead of it being fun, or
it happened naturally. It takes away then mystery and adventure.
Instead of asking for a date, they need to be smart in making her feel confortable
by teasing, ﬂirting, be down to earth, fun and then from there lead to bridging.
Bridging is where you share what can happen, like you ask her..
"You know before I wasn't sure. I saw you as attractive but looks are so common. I
look for something more. but since I got talking to you, and got to know about
(name something to show you've listened) and seeing you got a great personality,
I'd like to take you out for a drink and chill (or coﬀee, or walk, etc)."

So you don't mention date. You did say you're into her. Mentioning real qualities
about her, why you like her, and now lead to the adventure like it happened
naturally. Then when she says yes, well, now ask for the number.
There are most but I don't want this to be some book or thesis.
It all comes down to one's own conﬁdence to just go out there and to not take an
experience from one girl and project it on all girls you approach. You'd ﬁnd every
one is diﬀerent.
Conﬁdence isn't going to come from a book.
It comes from stepping out of the comfort zone and doing it. Only then you ﬁnd
the freedom to know the truth than listen to many people who will talk from their
perception, experience and their reality
6.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Alfred R. Price

How do I tell a girl who is interested in me that she is not
beautiful enough?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You could say..
"I can't because aliens are taking only the hot sexy attractive beautiful people to
another planet to build a new colony. I'm calling to say goodbye."
Just kidding.
Just say, "Ooh. I'm ﬂattered but I don't see you in that way. But thank you. I'm
ﬂattered." Give her a slight validation tap on her arm then walk away.
That way you said no and also didn't give any hope, and was nice about it.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

How can I get a girl who is always surrounded by so many nice
looking boys? Because I don't think he would ever want to think
about any other boy who she even doesn't know and if I am not
that much handsome to attract her.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was 15 years old and walking through the school yard to get to the others side of
the Cafeteria on B side. It was a bigger cafeteria. As I got to the middle of the
school yard I saw a girl.
Dark blue eyes, red hair and the ray of light from the sun dancing on her hair. I
love red heads with pale white skin. I don't know why. I just always have.
When I saw her, looked at her in a certain way and she did same with me.....her
ﬁve friends scowled at me.
I put my middle ﬁnger at them and they growlled some more. I laughed and
shook my head and she...just smiled and walk away with them.
The next day I saw her again and she was surrounded by her ﬁve friends.
I walked over to her and they were ready to say whatever. I just ignored them.
Contrary to belief that you make friends with her friends to kiss ass so they help
you ; is something I don't believe in and never will.

What I did is...
Ignored them, nudged one of the girls aside to turn to face the girl I like and
said....
"Just because you think you're cute doesn't mean you can't say hi."
"I don't know you?" she said.
"My name is Adam, now you do. What's you're next excuse?"
She laughed and her friend were staring at me then her, back at me and her. Some
were like showing some expression on their face to say, "what you doing girl.
Forget it. He's an asshole."
We got talking for a while and then her friends relaxed a bit and joined the
conversation. The more we talked, the more her friends got to see my personality
more and she saw I wasn't going to be scared oﬀ by some girls or be intimidated
by her.
I asked her out and when she said yes, then I got her her home number.
We didn't have mobile phones back then. So I had to go through ringing the
house, hearing her mum shouting her name..
"Abbbbbbbbbbbbbyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy! Pick up the phone!"
Yes, and in those times we had landline phone upstairs and downstairs; and
people talked to each than play some dumb texting waiting game.
We talked and I went to her house to stare up at her dads ﬁery eyes. I was polite
talking to him as Abby stepped out.
As I held her hand, her dad looked at me cockeyes and gave a grunt. I shrugged
my shoulders and kept holding her hand as we walked away.
The one thing out of many things I remembered about Abby is she said
something that has always stuck with me...
"You know why I said yes?"
"No?"
"Because your diﬀerent and...conﬁdent."
"And I also made you damn good in front of your friends huh?"
"Hahaha. That too."
I rather get down to it than be friends.
I can be friends with anyone but when I like a girl, I like to cut to the chase and
ﬂirt, tease, be conﬁdent, have a conversation and then ask her out.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

I'm 23 years old. I want to have a boyfriend. I am going crazy.
How can I accept the fact that I am not going to ﬁnd a
boyfriend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Fact? It's not a fact. It's just your own insecurities and it could be anything else
which you probably are not doing. If you keep doing the same thing and it doesn't
get you the result then you ﬁgure out and change.
You don't say, "Oh it's face."

I don't know what you have done so far but....
Once you have ﬁrst tried which most women say they tried but when I ﬁnd out
what they tried, I'm like, 'no bloody wonder.'
For example, let's look at some options here and then you need to ask yourself if
you really....really tried these.
1. Do you have a passion of interest? Have you then gone and participated in
world where lots of people (including guys too) doing this passion?
2. Do you go out often to places like meetups, events like festivals, gigs, arts
events, and the many activities happening in your city?
3. Have took eﬀort to make lots of friends and gone out with them to night clubs.
4. Do you see a guy you like and;
a) Make eye contact and keeping it
b) Smile
c) Say hi
5) Have you use online dating? If so have you;
a) Learnt how to make your proﬁle appealing
c) Took some high quality photos and not angle shots many women do.
d) Have you took photos of you having fun, socialising. Photos not of selﬁs but
you participating
6) Are you approachable
Do you walk about with your head down like most women I see. They walk with
their head down and face miserable?
Are you always on your phone texting?
Are you always in the house after you ﬁnished working and not going out?
Ae you active in society where fun, mingling, getting together is happening?
As many men fear rejection and if you are smiling, eye contact and in places
where they are people like cafes, events with organisations, parties, night clubs then makes it easier for guys to approach.
Because contrary cultural society belief that the right one suddenly appears, like
they walked out of Dr Who Time Machine or some guy/gal with some funky pants
ﬂying about witt bow and arrow - it don't happen like that.
You have to go out there and go out in the right places, participate, engage,
socialise and you'll meet peope along way. You get invited to lots of parties,
coming together for fun, going out and all sorts to see someone you like.
But if you're not going out there and if your social circle is tiny, well, it's not easy.
You make it harder for yourself.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

How long have you waited to talk to her again after she rejected
you, but you both still want to be friends?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I actually did it straight away. I was 18 years old and she knew I was into comics
back then. Love drawing them.
So next day I was at college and saw her. I walked right up to her with a smile. I
though she was a bit worried what would happen but it took her by surprise.
"Hey, Look! I found the damn comic."
"Comic?" She said.
"Yeah. Look at this! I found it at some Junk car boot sales. I want to go again next
week. I need some help ﬁghting through crowd."
"Oh! Ok. That be great. When?"
"I heard there's one on sunday but it's really early like 7am. You're in?"
"I'm coming."
And on Sunday, we met and went like asking her out didn't even happen.
A week later....I was dating someone else.
I think what helped for me, is I only knew her a week before I asked her out. I
weren't even going to ask her out but she was talking about comics and art, so we
got talking. However, I got to like her.
So I immediately asked her out and I suppose when she didn't want to, it wasn't
that hard for me to move on. It wasn't a big deal.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to ask a girl out and be rejected, or never do it and
always regret it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I rather go through 100 rejections to ﬁnd a girl I like that says yes. The reason is it
gives me a decision real fast.
You know how some guys look for signals, waiting...waiting and dancing with it.
Playing safe. Just staring. Not approaching.
They take so long man and they get really frustrated and helpless. You could be
wasting tons of time with a girl and ﬁnd later.....she's not even into you in that
way.
Girls, women ﬂirt for many reasons.
They can do it for fun, for attention.
For feeling good and all that.
To feel they can attract a man for validation
Not just because they are interested in the guy

Taking action immediately even though I might get rejected makes sure I get past
such women fast. I don't spend time patting their ego and any who play games.
I have seen guys on Quora saying they waited for a woman for 3 years and this

women already got a guy, and she hasn't left him.
Approaching fast even though there is a risk of rejection helps me to get the
answer. It also helps me to learn to grow faster. I learn a lot from each rejection
and it is how I got real good at approaching women and rest of the phases.
It grew my conﬁdence and yes, I had rejection but I also had a lot of dates too. It's
been great. Fun when that happens. I met amazing women and I wouldn't have if
I didn't approach.
I rather get a rejection than not approach to regret because you feel this crappy
feeling. It tortures you. You have this idea about the girl and you feed it everyday
with some assumption. It becomes like this full blown Hollywood Movie in your
head and that's before you even approached the girl.
Worse. She is right in front of you as an example and you didn't ask.
Then you wonder what it would have been like if she said yes. You think about all
the things you could have done, had fun, walked, talked, got to each other, all
sorts. All of is now taunting you in your head.
But when you approach and you get rejected - well, hey....it's closure. You got
your answer. Sure, you might get hurt a little. That's just the ego wanted to be
validated, liked, accepted, loved and all that.
However, it doesn't hit you as hard as when you regret. That hits you real hard
because it lowers yourself esteem in worse possible way. You doubt yourself.
So yes, I rather approach and get rejected than not do it, and regret. I've been
there when I regretted and it's a feeling I don't ever want to feel again.
Go through the pain. Through it instead of it going through you. You'll be ﬁne If
you do it a few times you see it's not that painful and you get to see what you
mean.
You really are stronger than you think.
It's just you got to start, just do it, even if you mess up. I mess up all time. It
doesn't happen so smooth like we read in books or see in movies.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is an original poem of yours about love?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

RED. FIRST LOVE.
Dancing lights and cotton candy
Wanted to lose myself in those rides
The machines took all my money
But then I got distracted by her smile
Her red ﬂowing curlscaught me by surprise
Standing right there under the dancing lights
Hypnotized me with those eyes
Holding hands like there was no tomorrow

tangled up with emotions to say what I feel
So young and innocent we took it slow
Still unsure if it was all happening and real
Since you moved away your way - the fair has moved too
Replaced with a parking lot I still remember you
My friends can’t get me to laugh
I just stare out of the window
As rain drops taunt me of
what life would've been like with you
Red. Your my ﬁrst love
The one that got away
I can’t get her out of my mind
I can't get you out of my mind
90 Views

I really like this girl, but it's really hard to tell how she feels
about me. How do I know if she likes me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 8, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One word. Action.
I like you to imagine something and believe me, it happens all the time. I've seen
this happen to many of my friends who don't listen to my advise. They realise far
too late unfortunately. Well, some learn the hard way.
Time is never on your side.
Why?
You're not the only guy on this planet.
One story out of many is a friend who I kept saying to him "stop screwing around
with his BS about time, waiting for the moment, trying for her to get familiar with
you, building commonality and all that. Move now. Approach and tell her but
don't confess feelings. You can't look for signals like most average guys do who
fear rejection."
What did he do?
He waited. He tried to be friends with her.
One day, while she was walking in City centre she met a guy. He approached her
out of nowhere and she was even with a group of 8 girls. He was that conﬁdent.
Two days later, my friend saw her dating this guy and she did for 3 years.
My advise is don't look for signals.
You screwed up. You don't need time. You need balls mate. She gave you all the
opportunity to man up but you haven't.
What else do you want?
For her to say I want you, want to date you?
She won't say. Most girls won't feel comfortable leading.

" she got all close put her cheek to my cheek and her hand on my chest."
You had every opportunity of escalation here. You had every opportunity to man
up and ask her out.
This is called leading.
This is what girls think when you don't lead...
"Is something wrong with him?"
"Doesn't he think I'm attractive."
"Maybe all he wants is to be a friend."
So forget about the texting part. She's already shown her interest and in physical
sense too i.e. touch. You had her on hello and did nothing.
You don't need time. You need to take action. Lead. Ask her out, take her out,
romance, date her. Move fast.
Use the text to now lead. No more ﬂuﬀ texting.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I ﬁnd socializing so tiring and time-consuming and have tried
to be alone, but I realized the importance of networking with
the right people and get more connections. How can I do it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's tiring because you probably think networking is about networking with tons
of people. Here's what worked for me and I can't remember where I got this from
but it helped me a great deal...
The few will attract the many
You just needf to know who the right few are.
You don't need to network with huge numbers. You can network with 5 people
who are very successful, people of experience, maturity, have similiar values as
you - and they will atrract hundreds to thousands of people to you.
You need to be productive in identifying high social inﬂuencers but who of
similar values as you. Have a strategy in mind.
And just spend a little time getting to people without pushing yourself like it's
some mission to make many connections.
Doing so hasn't made it time-consuming for me. It's just made what I do more
enjoyable and easier. Opened many doors and has really freed me with more
time.
So network smartly. Know the real reason why. Know what you really want and
learn what these key people really want too.
686 Views · View Upvoters

Should I break up with my rich Chinese ﬁancee because she
often complains that I'm not as rich as her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Dec 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sorry mate but both of your values are not compatible. She has diﬀerent values
than yours and you cannot change that even with commnication. This is her for
many years mate. You have your own values and they clash with hers and hers
clashes with yours.
It will repeat again and again.
That doesn't mean that all people who are wealthy are like that and you can't be
compatible with. Like for example, I dated a millionnaire and she was great and
all was going well and she never talked like that. My place compared to her world
was very diﬀerent but she didn't make me feel like I didn't have what she wants in
a guy.
The only thing was she travelled a lot and it was a strain on both of us and later I
too started becoming successful. I was very busy and hungry to achieve a lot of
things and we departed amicably.
You at this moment in time are getting red ﬂags but I bet you, you is thinking...
"Oh she is so beautifu, gorgeous" and all that. You got to look at it with how it
impacts the future with you and her. Long-term.
Long-term it don't count for anything when you're down the road a year later up
shit creek and same old thing keeps cropping up. It becomes a pain in the ass.
So she will keep bringing this up because to her it's important. It's her values and
way diﬀerent to wealthy women I've dated. They were very mature, business
women, and some high ﬂyers in their careers. Lovely women, never, ever said
things like that and I learnt a great deal from them too.
It's down to you to decide but just know you can't change her. This is her values,
this is the life she wants to live and I can see you're going to have diﬃculties in
future with her too.
You're just not compatible.
Sometimes that happens and you got to be strong enough to let it go and move
on.
All the best.
3.5k Views · View Upvoters

I'm in love with my best friend. She has a boyfriend. What are
your thoughts?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I answered a similar question but it was for something else. Fear has many faces
and one of them is called....hope.
Dating and Relationships: How can I stop feeling bad, if the guy I was seeing does
not seem interested anymore?
What I am saying to you is what I once said to myself and I have said it to my
friends. It helps me to see the reality. I know sometimes when one talks and
shares this logic it can get someone to say, "but.."
When that happens I know the person is not ready.

We know the answer. We have this inate ability to know. We as human beings are
so amazing at knowing but we are sometimes and most of the times - not good at
listening to the feedback life gives us.
Until that is the pain is too much.
This emotional rollercoaster exist because you derive a use from it.
The negativity it, the emotional rollercoaster, the guilt, the pain is created by you.
It keeps repeating week after week, year after year until you don't need it
anymore. Until you have no use of this anymore.
It will continue because..........you live in the future.
The future of hope and hope can be a bitch in our lives.
Hope is the beast that ﬁlls the ideas in man and woman to cling onto the future.
Hope is when many who live in fear will hold onto something because they feel
it can't get any better than this.
You can't move forward if one foot is in the future and one is in the present.
You need to put all your heart, feet in the...now.
The Now - is diﬃcult for most people because it can be harsh. It can be a brute.
In the now - she is not your girlfriend. That tells you to move on. In the now - she
has a boyfriend. This tells you to move on. In the now - is unavilable. This clearly
tells you to move on.
Now is - she still with him. She loves him. She's been with him for years and if
ever she felt so much for you....she would be with you now, instead of still being
with him and they are screwing each other.
That's the "now" - telling you again to move on.
Now is - she was coming to you, getting the laugh, talk, emotional whatever
and...goes back to her boyfriend, makes love, they are screw each other - and you
live in an empty bed. 3 years loving an idea, a ghost, a pussy on a pedestal.
You get what? Nothing.
She gets both. Emotional support she desires and hungers from her...social
network of men. Men like yourself. Then goes back for her sexual attraction to the
guy who she will only let him screw her.
Why would she want any diﬀerent when she has it all?
She gets all she can and you get nothing.
It is not like she is doing it consciously. Many women do it unconsciously. We are
all wired to ﬁnd what we need to survive. To feel good. To get attention. To feel
like we got the power still. To feel validated, desired and wanted but when it
comes to sex....the intimate deep stuﬀ...ah. We're very choosy.
Hope. Fantasy. The escape from reality.

Hope - is feeding an idea with hoping that a smile, a laugh, a touch, a drink of
coﬀee and hours of talking with a woman who is unavailable might one day say..
"I am leaving him to be with you."
In the now - she has been with her man for years and she is STILL with him.
You expect some future when you haven't the courage to live in the present. You
expect to move on and yet you don't live in the "now."
How can you expect good for future if you're unwilling to accept what is
the...now?
You don't live in the now by waiting. You approach other women because you
know it CAN be better than this. You deserve more. You deserve to be loved NOW.
You deserve woman who sees you for what you are and falls for you completely
100%.
But it can't happen if you don't live in the now because you got her up on a
pedestal and think she's the one. The only one.
There is no woman like her. She's beautiful. Gorgeous. Amazing woman you ever
knew. Her lips written with history and future, and past. She is perfect. She is the
sun and the moon all in one.
You haven't lived. You haven't gone out in world because if you do.....you will see
women more gorgeous, beautiful, charismatic, smart, loving than her
AND...single. Go to Paris, Rome, Brazil, Sweden, Geneva, England and you'll see
what I've seen.
Most beautiful women you have ever set your eyes on.
The "now" is telling you what you need to do. It is your feedback, your tool, your
instrument, your power to use. Anything else such as hope, what a woman says,
does, or what you feel means nothing except what NOW tells you.
This here helped me change my life. This. Telling myself this. This helped me get
away from the BS I use to create in my mind about everything.
Feelings is doing things to feel good but also this feeling causes drama too. So to
know which feeling to listen to, you look at the "now" to make sure you don't
throw away years of your life waiting instead of living.
The now is your feedback. The answer to everything.
Live in the now. If someeone is not available to you in the 'now' you don't linger
and orbit around her and hope.
You do, you feed the idea in your head and you build castles in the sky. Like a
quick sand and one day it will all crumble for you to have nothing.
So what to do now?
1. If you value her friendship, tell her why you feel this way but be ready. She
might be shocked. She might be upset. Or she might already know and pretend to
be shocked becaude she's worried she will lose the emotional support she relied
out.

2. Then decide to distant yourself because you know very well, you cannot be
sitting with her when you feel much more than being friends. You know you got
to live in the now and live your life. Years have gone by already. You want more to
go by doing this?
3. Then go and make a life, ﬁnd a higher purpose than making woman as some
holy grail for happiness. Get busy, approach women and live.
Now tells you she's unavailable. That's enough to let go and detache. Move on.
I ﬁnd when I live in the now, I have rationality and I am at peace more. I achieve
much more and I see things that can be clouded by hope. I cannot be sold some
pipe dream, fantasy, hope and I sure cannot be lingering, orbiting around a
woman pretending I'm her friend when I want 100%.
That's my thoughts and I hope it helps.
I hope you're ready as I was when I said these words to myself 20 years ago.
862 Views · View Upvoters

My guy friend told me that he likes me and I told him that I also
like him, he hasn't said anything more on the subject. Does he
really like me, if so then why hasn't he asked me out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sometimes a guy with lack of experience in approach and dating girls/women
won't know what to do next. He'd have took a lot of courage to say what he said
but he just got too excited and also he doesn't really understand what to do next.
So he's kind of stuck and now both of you are stuck.
If you get into such a situation in which a guy hasn't got much experience in
leading and solving this problem which is what men do in dating (solve problems
like this by leading) - then you will need to nudge him.
So it's not something you did wrong but you need to ﬁnd out clearly what he
means by what he said..
'I like you.'
Is he saying that he likes you as a friend?
Is he saying he likes you in a more as a girlfriend, dating.
If he says as friend then you don't do anything else. Just be friends. If he says
much more then you can communicate on going out for a drink or walk, to get to
know each other more. So then you'd be dating each other.
Communication is what the problem is. It needs to be clear and not leave it in the
air.
Find out ﬁrst what he means 'I like you.'
Then take it from there.
Best not to assume and not wait a long time to get you wondering where you
stand.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

Should I tell my crush (who has a BF) that I don't wanna be
friends despite the fact we go to the same class?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Or you can shift your focus that it's not really about you and her, and approach
other girls. You know...leave this bridge alone and you'll see why below.
When I was at school I was so damn busy setting up things, we even had our own
breakdancing group. Like I gave a damn about telling any girl I don't want to be
her friend. It wasn't because I was mean or anything.
I was just creative and I needed to do things. It made me feel alive but it did
something else I never really expected. Something I still do today and I don't
need to try hard with girls or anyone else.
I didn't spend time hanging around her or said anything like, "I don't want to be
your friend."
I just got busy man doing my own thing and what do you know....
5 months later while me and my friends did show in the big hall in school to raise
money for some ﬂood, newspapers reports taking photos.
She walks over and said..
"Hi, erm, me and my boyfriend split up."
I didn't say anything. She adds...
"I was thinking..what you doing later?"
"I'm meeting you later. After school, ok?"
"Yes" she says.
All because I didn't give a shit about that one girl. Ooooh be her friend, be that
good lad. Go on. Just be mature about it and be friends. Meh.
Got to many guys as friends and we got it cooking in school.
I just didn't make it a priority and anyway, why does she need to know. I could do
these following things without saying a word...
1. I distance myself because I am busy doing my thing
2. I don't hang around her because I'm busy practising and doing my own thing
3. I don't text, call, because I am busy doing my own thing.
4. I an unavailable because I am approaching other girls and doing my own thing.
None of these is about me walking up to any girl and say, "I don't want to be your
friend."
I don't need to do that. No need. Too much of me putting some importance. Just
leave it. Let that bridge be there. It's cool.
You're busy anyway...doing your own thing.
Girls go in and out of relationship. In and out. Boyfriend with "OOoh love you.
Love you. Love you." To, "Oooh look at that other guy. Break up. Break up."
You probably see tons of this in school and college. Guys and girls in and out of

relationship. Love his. Then love gone. She's gorgeous, he's hot to she's a bitch
and he's an asshole.
Just go and make your mark in school.
I had tons of girls after we did just that one show in our school. And more when
we did performed in other schools too. Suddenly that one girl is a distant
memory, plop! Gone. Like she never even existed.
And I wasn't the brightest lad in school or the good looking hot dude either.
Few years later...she pops up..
"Hey Adam."
You see what I'm getting at?
Why burn bridges when you can build them by just walking away to do your own
thing ;)
So what you into mate?
You are an artist?
Go and make your mark. Create stuﬀ.
You like music? Ok then. Go and get a band together.
You got this idea to be a dancer? Alright then! Go and do it. Practice your butt oﬀ.
You like reporting stuﬀ? Kill it on Youtube with some fantastic videos that are
fun, crazy and wild.
How about sports? Then join the team. Get in there and be the best you can be.
That time in school will go so damn fast and you ﬁnd yourself doing some
awesome stuﬀ, in a team and performing whatever.
You could use it on your CV to show you got leadership. You got your hands dirty
getting into community. You made things happen.
You're worry will be "damn. There's are 10 girls that like me. Which one do I
choose? QUORA! Help me out here."
622 Views · View Upvoters

How do I stay out of the friend zone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Understand what a friendzone is. It's in the mind of the guy or girl. A girl can't
friendzone a guy. A guy can't friendzone a girl.
What is happening is a guy will like a girl but doesn't approach in an attractive
manner, and hasn't the experience to do so. He will be hesistent, probably be her
friend because he fears rejection. He will take so long, maybe a year and she will
know this guy likes her.
Then when he asks, she rejects but the guy doesn't move on. He keeps being her
pal, orbiting around her, has this idea in his mind that one day she will see him
for whatever and fall for him.

He will be always available for her, always hang out with her, making her a
priority. He will become like some TAMPON. Be there to listen to her problems,
solving her problems and listening to her talk about ex's and other guys.
She or if it's a guy can get all this from anyone else, any friend
.
So it's very easy.....move on for the guy/girl created themselves.
Choose to move on. Get busy with life. Approach other girls/guys. Show you got
options. Go and be busy hitting the gym. Make something happen in your life.
Because no one puts anyone in a zone. It is by choice alone. The zone is created
by the person themselves. Putting themselves in that position by their
unattractive, needy, desperate behavior.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What do you do if a girl doesn't answer your phone calls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So here I was. In this awesome music gathering outside. It was pumping. It was
kicking. It was awesome. Then I saw this cute blonde woman. I went for it.
Through the crowd, weaving in and out.
She was with her friend.
Just some more steps and there she was.
I approached, we got talking, we danced, we laughed and I got her number.
Then the games began.
Text not much of a response. Text, not much of a response. Lots of hahaha from
her. Text not much response..
I thought to myself...
"I swear, I don't give a damn if she has great looks. If she doesn't show me
she's really intereste then I'm going to delete her number."
So I ask her out and she again deviates from answering and plays not interested.
In fact she says..
"OOooh, I can't do that."
That didn't take long. Very fast and so I deleted the number. That doesn't mean I
hated her or anything. I still like her. I thought she was fantastic when I ﬁrst met
her. I thought she had cool personality.
But you have to move on. It's cool. I got the feedback. I listen to it and I applied
and move on. It's cool. I get it. Nothing bad to her and I get it.
Oh what you know?
I got another 30 numbers. Here we go again..
Don't ever wait for a woman. If she doesn't respond, if she plays hard to get, if she

shows lack of emotions and interest.....delete the number and move on.
Why?
Because most girls give numbers when they don't want to. They do it to avoid
saying no. They hate saying no. Some rather die than saying no because of
the awkwardiness of saying, "erm, well, erm...NO!"
You know how it is.
They have had guys who they said no to and the guys kept on going on and on,
and on. They kept on pursuing on and on and on. Until it becomes a chase. So
with all that in their head they worry to say no.
Some got cursed, sworn at and all sorts.
They just give you the number and hope, that if they don't respond or play
emotionless, then you'll get the message.
So be fast in getting the message as I do and you'll be dating someone really soon,
like I do. It saves you a lot of time.
It's more fun that way.
3k Views · View Upvoters

There are rumors going around at my high school that I don't
know. Should I ask the girl I like about them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah. I had rumours that I am from the decendants of of Kenghas Khan, that I
have 10 wives, 22 girlfriends, and have threesome every week.
And I am half arabian and mexican with a touch of indian. Some added spanish
and French. Go ﬁgure.
I didn't give a damn. Those who do have shown themselves to me who they are.
Pretty pathetic, immature and inﬂuenced easily by boring talk and haven't got a
life.
So you can react or respond.
I respond but not giving a shit and live my life.
Life. Choose your battles wisely. You haven't got time ﬁghting every battle in life.
Each battle is also you saying, "Ooh this is so important.'
Don't make them important. Make your purpose in life important.
People talk behind your back for a reason.
They are BEHIND you because you're way ahead of them in life. Remember that
when it happens again.
Forge onward my friend. Onward.
633 Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: How can I stop feeling bad, if the guy
I was seeing does not seem interested anymore?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know that this relationship has come to close. However, the reason you're
unwilling to break up and move on needs to be understood. You see, you know
what it is deep inside and if you listen carefully you hear it.
You will hear it so loud and clear that it will shake the core of your being for you
to realise what's going on and suddenly take the neccessary action.
I know where you are. I have had many friends be where you are. Fortunately for
me, due to some experience, knowledge, skills and self awareness I was able to
immediately take action and move on.
And I haven't looked back since. Those who do didn't get the memo and still don't
understand and it is why they still linger and emotionally invested in the hope
when really this hope is...fear.
So here it is and I hope you are ready the way I was 20 years ago...
I don't know if I will ﬁnd someone to be more compatible with me and at
least he is nice with me.
What this is saying unconsciously, deep down is..
"I am scared of the future. I am uncertain of it. I feel like I am not worthy of
happiness of having someone who respects my time, my love, and me. So I
rather just make do with what I can get, even if it's crumbs...BECAUSE...it
won't get better than this."
When you ponder on "I don't know he's the one," then appreciate he is NOT the
one. You will know who is the one by their behaviour towards you and being nice
to you isn't one of them. That is a requirement to all human beings to be with
each other to get along. Just to get along.
That is what is happening here.
You're just...getting along.
You're getting along because the unknown is some scarey monster for most
people. That uncertainty and not knowing if you will be able to ﬁnd that one.
So sit down for a moment.
Talk to him and let him know how you feel. If he doesn't change and if you realise
that change isn't going to happen then....
Take a deep breath and go through this pain. Go through it and rather letting it go
through you. This is a diﬀerent mindset.
You deciding, choosing..... for your future, for your life, for you that you will go
through his pain. This is when freedom happens for you. This is when you're not
thinking and wondering..
"Oh the pain."
Instead, "I'm coming freedom. You cannot stop me. I am ready."

This is you having the power to choose. By your own free will you do it. You got
that power and no one else has but you to make it so.
Let go of what you don't want.....to make room for you do want in your life.
Because we don't get what we want.
We attract what we are.
If you believe it doesn't get better than then this is who you are. The decisions
you make will be coming from this belief and that is what you will end up with.
You short change everything especially about who to love and who to be with.
Believe - it does get better than this and you're actions will take you there.
And if you don't want to meet people, then it's ok. Take time out for yourself. Go
and travel. Go and do whatever with yourself. Read. Get a hobby.
Or just do nothing and chill. Whatever you want to just focus on yourself.
All the best.
805 Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell my boyfriend I need some space in our
relationship (read details)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The thing to note is it's ok to have space as it helps to do your own thing but also
re-charge your batteries.
The thing to know though is how you say it and do it.
1. Use words wisely as words trigger emotions and "space" is something that is
known typically as a way to see a breakup is coming.
So don't use space and "we need to talk."
Just make sure you meed face to face to do this in close quarters ie. your place or
his, and say,,,
"I need some time to myself to..."
2. You need to be very speciﬁc in why you want some time to yourself
"I need time some time to myself so I can ﬁnish my studies for my last year
semester or I'll bugger it up. So I need time to be alone to do that."
For examaple you can use it for..
- To be with friends
- Catch up with friends
- use whatever it is you want to do
3. Now mention the time span. Be clear. Let nothing left to assumption.
"I need time some time to myself so I can ﬁnish my studies for my last year
semester or I'll bugger it up. So I need time to be alone to do that. I can see it will

take a month."
Or whatever it will take for you to re-charge your batteries.
Finally, you need to appreciate the power of communication. So stay in touch,
even if it's once a week phone call, or text or email. Whatever it is, agree on this.
So sit down and communicate calmly and go through the steps and in doing so,
the one you're with will know why, what, how, for how long.
909 Views · View Upvoters

I really like this girl, but she has a boyfriend. What should I do?
Should I tell her how I feel?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

As I stepped out of the streets of london, what did I see?
Hundreds of women walking back and forth. Going to work, going home, going to
do whatever.
Planet is full of girls. Full of them and you is focusing on a girl who has a
boyfriend. Come on lad. You're only thinking about her because you got no
options. You're thinking about her and feeding the idea in your head.
If you had 10 attractive girls right now, running to you like baywatch, you
think you'd even wonder about this one girl.
Nah. Not on your life.
Step out of your lonely world and get busy living. Get out there and approach girls
that are single. Believe, you'll cut yourself out a lot of drama.
This right here, is drama.
Life will give you drama. Don't worry about that. You don't need to help life
giving you MORE drama. Believe if you want it to it will bring it all to you and it
will drive you completely bonkers.
Let this girl go. She don't deserve the attention.
She got enough attention as it is from her boyfriend. Why you want to feed her
ego for and also yours too?
Because that is what it is....ego.
The challenge of going for someone who is already taken.
The Pre-selection. The evolution of man and woman. The psychological BS that
so many go for. Then when you got the girl...well...guess what?
You see a guy approaching her and you go up to your girl and you say..
"Blah blah blah."
And she will look at you and say, "Well, you didn't care when I had a boyfriend
and you approached me. So why so high and mighty about other guys talking to
me now? Why you so uptight about it? You didn't give a damn back then huh?"

Kabooooooooooom!
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

I had a girlfriend.. I love her so much and we talked about our
life together. I made a mistake and cheated. I regret it so much
and is it possible to get back together?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is unlikely and odds stacked against you but you need to go to the source. The
girl and ask her. The trust factor will be a major issue for her.
I know many will say, "but don't someone deserve a second chance?"
This is where so many don't get it and haven't read regarding second chance. Yes,
the person deserves a second chance but a second chance for who?
For the girl who now seen you've cheated and she can get another chance
somewhere else and start fresh.
The trust has been broken and when that happens, well, it is not so easy now. If it
was something else like some small argument, maybe it be alright.
But you don't say you love someone and then do this to them.
So this will always be in her mind..
"You don't love me. You don't know what love is. You went and cheated on me
and now you call that love? How do I know.......you won't....do it again? I don't and
that's the problem here. I trusted you and now, I can't."
That's what you're going against now.
294 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kevin Tran

Guys I love a girl, how I can tell if she loves me back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whoa. Hold on there mate. Step back a bit. You mentioned a word there. It's a
very big mighty word - Love.
You're asking far too much from a girl from a very early stage. Even so, you
haven't even dated yet and gone through certain phases together.
Relax, enjoy the moment.
You don't go oﬀ approaching a girl trying to confess love, romance and how you
feel so into her. This is selﬁsh on your part. This is you just wanting to express the
feeling inside of you. You need to turn that a few steps back and be mature about
this.
Going to her and telling how you love her is selﬁsh because you have yet to
establish the most important thing.
That what you feel for her is never enough for both of you.
This is your feelings not hers.

She has yet to show interest in you.
A conﬁdent and a mature guy understands this.
You see, the girl you're talking about hasn't earned all those feelings in the ﬁrst
place. It is infatuation that you are feeling. The halo of her and how you're
sexually attracted to her and nothing else.
It is all those times, hours, days, weeks, probably months or a year of thinking of
an idea about her in your head. You imagine what it be like with her. You even
role played the part when you're together too in many diﬀerent ways.
It is an idea and your feelings is yours not hers.
So before you go oﬀ approaching her, think of her.
Think of how she will feel when you haven't yet teased, ﬂirted, conversed with
her and showed your interested with her.
Think about how you both haven't
1. Dated for the ﬁrst time.
2. Got intimate with each other after months and even a year.
3. Haven't yet established a time span for her to BELIEVE in your words about
love.
4. Haven't overcome challenges together in which she also demonstrates the
challenges are not as big as being with you.
5. Haven't been sexually initimate.
These are important because when you go through these steps and THEN you say
to her, "you know I'm falling for you. I love you.."
Now these words doesn't come from someone immature.
It is believable in her mind because there is information, a time span that has
gone by and she has an easy time believe your words.
Your words when doing it this way holds weight.
She will think, "yeah, I believe him because he's dated me all that time and got to
know me intimately and sexually too. I believe what he says."
And she will feel great too because she feels you mean those words. She has
evidence that you do because of the time span, of the experience you've had
together and all those wonderful memories.
But if you go to her and confess feelings then appreciate she will see you no
diﬀerent than most guys. Guys who see an attractive girl and want sex,.
Guys who are immature.
Guys who haven't even got to know her through dating her.
Right now, you don't even know she will say, "Yes" and she might say, 'no.'
So you tell her all that information about love, feelings for what? She hasn't
earned it. You haven't either earned to tell her that either.

It will make her feel awkward.
You don't want to approach a girl making her feel awkward but approach without
being serious. This isn't hollywood, romance novels and music videos where I
guy writes some dumb love letter or walks up to her singing with a guitar about
how he loves her.
Or goes up to her and says, "I...love you. I feel blah blah."
It will make her creep out. It will make her cringe. In the real world it will make
her feel so damn awkward. You don't allow her to ﬁrst see your personality and
got way too serious.
So step back a bit and be mature about this.
Approach but don't confess your feelings. Make her feel alive, be fun, no
seriousness and dramatic love speeches.
Leave all that "what if she doesn't love me back" behind. Leave that for later.
You ﬁrst want to get to know her through dating and she gets to know you. Love is
gradual and infatution.....lust happens boom in an instant.
Diﬀerentiate between the two.
You're asking far too much from the girl when she hasn't got to know you through
a time span and doing so by dating you.
53 Views

How should I proceed when I am driving while a girl in her car
shows me that she likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah yeah. I came across this one a couple of years ago. I agree with Clint Hobson
on this one. If she is showing interest you don't want to leave any room for her to
feel you are not that interested in her.
While driving I just said, 'I like to see you again but what are you doing right
now?"
She said, "I was thinking of seeing my friend later when you drop me oﬀ, but I was
thinking maybe we can go for a drink?"
I replied, "That's a great idea. I know a great place I only go there with someone
i'm really into."
She laughed, "you're a bit forward aren't you."
"Well, contrary to belief in society, if I'm interested in an attractive woman who is
sitting next to me in my car, and I like her personality, I'm going to say so."
"Yeah, I like a man to be that way too."
While driving we sorted out the time, where and when. We even kissed after when
I dropped her oﬀ but you don't need to be like me. I just like to make sure she
knows this wasn't some friend friend meeting together.
There we go. You can drive have a conversation and have fun too in teasing,

ﬂirting but also letting her know you like her. Afterwards, we did meet up and
went for drink and rest I leave to your imagination.
723 Views · View Upvoters

How do I approach a girl who is stranger and very beautiful and
to compliment her and be friend with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Be congruent to how you feel. Meaning be in harmony to how you feel and what
you want. Be decisive.
If you like her to want to date her then don't take the ﬁrst with dishonesty but
also don't confess some deep feelings. Appreciate that attracrive girls get guys all
time trying to compliment.
You don't need to do that.
Instead be real ﬁrst in what you want and then you approach..with clear
intention. Now if you like her to date, you'd do this..
You approach and say..slowly, Don't go oﬀ saying this all at once like a train
speeding. Conﬁdent men don't need to rush what they say. Talking real fast
shows you're hiding something and not genuine....
"Excuse me. (pause) I was just walking to (library, class, bank, whatever it is) and I
saw you. (pause) I had to come over to say you're attractive BUT...good looks are
very common. (pause)I like to ﬁnd out more about you. Hi, my name is (your
name). Who are you?"?
Reach your hand with conﬁdence to shake hands. Touch is very important. Then
let slowly let go.
You want to keep eye contact. Look in middle of her two eyes if you feel nervouse
looking straight into her eyes.
Let her respond. Listen to what she is saying because this is a time to gather
information to use for future conversations or even right there and then.
When done, you can add..
"You know I wasn't sure but since I got talking to you, I like your personality
(mention what she said about herself). I know a great place, a cafe where we can
get to know each other. What's your number?"
You see there?
You're not doing any tricks here. You're not putting her on a pedestal. You're not
complimenting lots. You're being genuine and you're telling her you are attracted
to her and you do want to ﬁnd out more about her, before going any further.
You haven't labelled it so serious and as a date.
You don't know her yet that well and she doesn't know you. The cafe is where you
get to know more but now, you will see if she is sociable and wants to know you.
If she rejects, she rejects herself not you, to get to know you.
If she gives you her number, you give her, yours and take it from there. You can

text later in evening and again do not confess feelings or complimenting.
Instead..
"Hi (her name) It was great talking to you. (don't mention where. Be conﬁdent she
remembers you). Hope your day went well."
That is it. Let her respond and take it from there to lead to phone call later on, to
sort meeting at the cafe.
Most guys will text all their feelings and lots of craziness. No. Hold back your
emotions or you make it awkward for her and you won't be any diﬀerent to most
guys.
I'm not saying playing games. I'm saying be a man who makes it comfortable for
her and hold back your emotions for a while. Long after you have dated many a
times if it happens.
You can use the same steps for just being friends. Just cut out the word
"attractive."
Like this...
""Excuse me. (pause) I was just walking to (library, class, bank, whatever it is) and
I saw you. (pause) I had to come over to say hi. You look like someone I need to
know (pause). I like to ﬁnd out more about you. Hi, my name is (your name). Who
are you?"
I took the sexual part out, the 'attractive' word out.
71 Views · View Upvoters

Girls don't show any interest in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You already know your answer. You can make 'shy' deﬁne you or you can deﬁne
yourself and learn to be more conﬁdent, outgoing and sociable.
You can see already why the guys not so good looking make more girls interested
in them. You're words right here..
"More conﬁdent guys who are average looking..."
It's not that you are shy that is really preventing you. I was a shy guy years ago but
now very outgoing. From a guy was who shy and also an introvert the real reason
behind the hesistation were
1. Fear of rejection
2. Thinking girls out of your league
3. Worried about the pain of rejection
4. Worried what others think if she says no
I am very diﬀerent now. You can't stop be going for what I want and I'm very
conﬁdent. It's not easy sharing knowledge out in open with my name and face on
it. It brings a lot of morons to attack but I can handle myself no problem.
So I had to learn to be conﬁdent but also not worry about social pressure and be
able to stand up to what I believe too.

In society the role is the guy approaches. That's heavily promoted in society and
you just can't get away with it. Sure, few women approach but it's very rare. I
haven't had that happen and nor happen to my male friends in years.
So the guy must lead and be the masculine one by approaching the girl.
There is stigma still in regards to girls approach guys and this won't change for a
very long time and probably won't ever change..
You haven't time for the world to change.
You only have time to approach and you know if you don't learn to be conﬁdent
by taking the actions - it's not going to happen.
So you either let your shyness deﬁne you and keep saying you're shy or...you go
and deﬁne yourself and do it.
You know why the average looking is getting ahead.
It's right in front of you so learn it. Learn to be conﬁdent by taking action and
each time you do, you get out of your comfort zone and realise it's not that a big
deal. It's all in the head and all the stories narrating in your mind that makes it a
big deal.
You got it in you mate.
I know you do because I was that shy guy in school but I am very diﬀerent now.
Very conﬁdent, vocal, outgoing, sociable and I lead. You can do too.
Just believe in yourself. Find tools to help you to grow. Push yourself a little by
little and all these small steps will add to helping your conﬁdence.
Your mind needs new information to help you. This comes from doing what may
seem uncomfortable to you.
55 Views

How do you know your crush likes you back?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I tell if my crush likes me?

I wouldn't look for signals nor take any kind of ﬂirty sign as something either.
People do many things for other reasons..
1. To overcome anxiety
2. For attention
3. For feeling good
4. For fun
And if you're wondering why guys don't approach as much then it's because of
the same thing with girls. It's fear of rejection.
With girls it's much more.
The fear of rejection but on top, being judged, labelled as too easy and all the rest
of the labels they get. Fearful of social pressure and being ostracised by their own
social group kind of thing.

If the guy you like isn't leading then...
The only way you know if he really is into you is to you approach the guy and ﬁrst
ﬂirt, tease, be fun and then converse.
Not too long. 5 mins and then from there you say..
"You know I wasn't sure but now that I talked with you, I like your personality and
would love to get to know you more, more than just a friend. I know a great place, a
cafe we're we can go to drink and chill. What's your number?"
Now I know in society some stigma about girls approaching guys but if the guy
isn't really being the masculine here to lead then you may need to.
Just don't look for signs as it can be very frustrating and you may leave it wide
open for another girl who does have the conﬁdence to approach him.
Looks like the ball is in your court if you like this guy.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dana Cabera

When an Indian young woman says, "stop calling me," should I
stop and give her some time before approaching her again? Or
is it all over?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's all over and stop calling her. You're making it real awkward for this girl. Best
you move on mate.
Anytime a girl says no, respect it as a no.
Anytime a girl stop calling her, it means stop calling her. It also means no more
communication with her and bugging her face to face too.
Best to move on mate and proritise a girl that likes you back, wants you to call
her. I won't be surprised you're intiating all the calls and probably text too.
I won't approach her either. Let her go and move on.
767 Views · View Upvoters

How do you work together with your boyfriend when you have
two completely diﬀerent views on how to be successful?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

To accept that success to everyone else will be diﬀerent. In relationship, you are
not going on agree in everything.
While for one person success is about material achievement, the other will be
about relationship. While some will be about degrees, job and all that - to
someone else it be totally diﬀerent.
So in the beginning, I ﬁrst ﬁgured out my values and then I learnt of the values of
the woman I am with. That's how dating can help.
If I can live with it, awesome. If I can't then I don't bother going oﬀ getting into
the relationship to change the woman I'd be with.
Instead I would walk away. Until I ﬁnd a woman in which I like her values, we see

eye to eye on somethings. It's impossible sometimes seeing eye to eye on
everything. Especially when it comes down to success.
It's not about winning an argument but understanding each other. The joy of
discovering each oither rather than changing each other for one's own agenda.
Doing that only leads to friction, arguments and egos kicking oﬀ.
Instead, you can agree on other things..
1. Happiness
2. Holidays together
3. Helping one another
Things in which you appreciate a partners dreams and success - but to also see
you can help each other in other things.
240 Views · View Upvoters

He says he loves me but his actions don't match his words.
Should I stay or leave?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Move on. There many red ﬂags there for you to see he's not seeing you a priority.
He's telling you you're not important in his life yet and he rather have fun, not
serious relationship.
Many guys I know got businesses but they give time still with girlfriend. They
don't dissappear in a midst of a conversation and they do meet, date 2-3 times a
week. So if he isn't he's dangling carrot with you.
That happens with guys and also with women too and though my explaining
below is very crude, which it is for some, it's how it is.
You need to ask yourself what you want and it looks like this is not what you
want. Please understand, not all guys are like this.
But man, us guys is saying to you this from a guys point of you. So you see the
douches coming. The guy is HONEST in only saying he is not wanting anything
serious, he wants to have his fun, maybe do things with his goals but he doesn't
want serious relationship.
He's saying for you to wait until he does all that.
You know this by the disappearing acts and then sweet words they say to keep
you hanging on. You need to decide if you want to wait for such a guy because it
will get to a point of anxiety for you and depression.
Below are words most use...
You're special but he doesn't reply to text
I'm busy texting tons of other girls and lining them up for some hot damn sex.
You're not a priority to me at this moment because I know you want some serious
relationship. So I'm going to let you wait, dangling a carrot with sweet words like..
-You're special
- You are the one
- I can see us together in the future
- Baby you know I love you

He wants to take you out but only when he's rich
I want to just see you for sex. If I am not too busy with other girls. I'm not looking
for anything serious right now. Just work, job, money and fun.
I want you to wait for me
I want to go around sleepong with every girl I can right now. There's so many,
amazing asses, just wow. When I have fulﬁlled my sexual desire then I will call
you as I am done. You are my standby. Plan B, or C, or D, or E. or F or go through
the whole damn alphabet. Probably Z.
UPDATE. Shorted it even more.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

The girl I asked out said she likes me but isn't ready. She is
facing depression right now. Should I wait for her to be ready?
And is being friends the ﬁrst step before a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know if you ﬁrst approached her by teasing, ﬂirting and striking a
conversation ﬁrst. For a girl to tell you she got depression and all that when she
don't know you is a red ﬂag in my opinion.
That she's telling you no but don't want to say no. Girls don't like saying no
because it's awkward. So they saw all sorts like they are not ready for relationship,
not ready for anything serious and so forth.
But let's say you didn't approach her by making her feel comfortable ﬁrst, had
fun, teased, ﬂirted and striked a conversation. Then and only then you said you
wasn't sure about her but now you talked to her you liked her personality - and
you like to take her out for a drink at cafe to know more.
So you don't label it as a date but get to know her.
But she told you she's not ready.
Then you remember the call we had (ﬁctional call on skype) where I asked...
"So tell me, what do want in a girl" and you reply...
Well Adam, this is what I want...
1. A girl who is available for starters.
2. She doesn't have a lot of issues and depression
3. And I really don't want to waste time.
Alright then. So if you approached a girl and you found out:
1. She's not available.
2. She has issues and suﬀers depression
What would you do?
You'd reply...
"I'd walk away because like I said I don't want to waste time. There's so many girls
on planet and I'm not looking for friends or wait for god damn whenever a girl is
ready. I am looking and focusing on a particular type."

I'd say with relief, "You know what? You know what you're doing. That's the right
mindset to have because most guys, if a girl tells them no, or she isn't ready won't
have the sense to walk away. They'd orbit around her, trying to be friends, solve her
problems, be a like a TAMPON, being there for emotional support. And they don't
realise that other girls are watching and girls who they could approach."
And you'll add, "so you mean not to be friends."
"I mean - do not make her a priority. You need to focus on approaching other girls
not sitting for hours, being available everydaty for a girl who is not into you, who
tells you she suﬀers depression. Not texting back and forth with her. You're not a
therapist. She can go to a therapist if she needs help in that area. You focus most of
your time you have left in approaching girls."
There we go.
There's nothing to decide in a sense. You don't make friends with her to decide
anything. She already said she isn' qualiﬁed to be that girl. So you move on and
focus on the priority.
You're priority isn't ﬁnding a good friend.
It's dating a girl. Know you're goal and don't get distracted like most guys do.
You'll be wasting your time if your intention is to date her.
Know your intention, what you want and focus on that.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Should I break up with my boyfriend if someone else says he
likes someone else?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are three simple rules I follow
1. I don't listen to what other people say about who I am dating
2. I don't listen to what other people say about who I am dating
3. And...I don't listen to what other people say about who I am dating
Yes, I've repeated them because what other people say isn't the problem here. If
you really have trust and the relationship is going great then you'd brush it oﬀ.
You'd even tell them to mind their own business.
Looks like your relationship is not at a level in which you can communicate about
anything because if it was - you'd not ask on Quroa. Also, to even breakup with
someone because what someone else said is very immature.
It's a sign that you're looking for an excuse.
Someone else who really into the guy and relationship will ﬁght for it. At least ask
the boyfriend directly.
So I don't think there's much in this relationship if you are asking people on
Quora to decide for you to break up with the guy - because - someone said he likes
someone else.
Or maybe you're young and you don't know how to solve challenges like this by
asking the boyfriend directly.

1.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Brianna Shuman

What do I do when my girlfriend still loves her ex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The best thing to do is commnicate with her. She doesn't know that what she is
saying about her ex to you is worrying you about the future of the relationship.
Until communication happens then she don't know.
Personally, when someone talks about their ex and how they love them; they
immature, and probably have a lack of experience in relationship management. I
mean, come on, telling your boyfriend you still love your ex boyfriend when she
needs to focus on the boyfriend she's with.
Yes, I get love is abundant and all that - but that doesn't mean you go oﬀ telling
the guy you are with, the boyfriend or the girl, you still love someone else. It
doesn't beneﬁt the existing relationship. It doesn't do much good for it.
Even though we know that people will still love someone in past - it doesn't mean
to talk about it to the guy/girl your with like they invisible.
Like me right now. I love someone still in past but I'm not some asshole, and
inconsiderate moron going to suddenly tell the girl I am dating while we sit down
for coﬀee or whatever...
"I still love my ex."
I got more bleeding sense to do that.
That's the thing mate. Common sense isn't so common. So it's also
understandable that some people here are saying to dump her ass on the kerb.
Also it can be assumed she is experience, she knows what to do and all that when
she doesn't. She probably don't even know the damage she is doing and just going
with how she feels.
So what do you do?
1. Well, ﬁrst communicate your concerns to her.
2. Let her know how you feel about it. It needs to be said calmly. No judgment.
3. Now if she persist then it's really up to you to decide whatever
15.5k Views · View Upvoters

Would it please a girl if a guy got a visible bonnier while talking
to her in his cool?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the type of girl you want but even then, you start using some sex
signs and all that, then you're going against the natural predisposition.
Girls get enough fear about being labelled by society as too easy, and all the rest
which makes them hesistent even with a guy they like. There's nothing cool
about her knowing that.
It is cool when a guy can control his emotions and can tease, ﬂirt with conﬁdence
in an attractive manner. Where he has great social intuition and social skills.
A manner in which she feels good about herself, about the situation instead of

feeling awkward and all that. In a way she thinks..
"I really like this guy. He's got me curious. I want to know more about him. He's
diﬀerent to all the rest..."
834 Views

How can i approach a girl in my college class and ask for her
number?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm glad you ignored her or didn't tell her what to do about the guy she said she
would dump. When a girl talks to about such things do not fall trap advising her
but ignore it and brush it oﬀ and move it to another conversation.
Looking for signals is a waste of time mate. Girls do all sorts for many reasons and
these reasons will be..
1. Just being polite
2. To feel good
3. Overcome some anxiety i.e. silence, small talk
4. To see if they still got the stuﬀ to attract guys
5. To get attention
But you will never if a girl is into you until you stop playing safe.
Now let's assume she hasn't a boyfriend, then here's what you'd NOT do..
1. Don't confess your feelings, how you like her so much and you've been thinking
about her a lot blah blah.
2. No romantic stuﬀ.
3. No serious love tone talk
Here's what you DO need to do..
1. Approach her, tease a little, ﬂirt a little, be fun, get her going with smiling,
conversing with you.
2.. Now say..
"You know something. I wasn't sure about you because good looks are so common
these days. But the more I got to know you I saw more - I liked your personality,
you're fun to be with, and I like to take you out for a drink at a cafe I know. What's
your number?"
Don't use words like "hang out." You just told her she's attractive and you want to
ﬁnd out more. So don't go oﬀ confusing her just so you want to be safe. Nor
mention the word date.
You don't want it to sound all serious and romantic.
One step at a time. Get the number and next lead to going out together.
Also, a number is not a date. She might just give you to avoid the awkwardiness of
saying no. So if you text later and all that, and she isn't responsing and giving
excuses about not going out and cancelling....listen to the feedback.
She isn't interested but gave the number to avoid conﬂict...awkwardiness.

A number isn't...a date.
Get use to it because it happens a lot.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Oscar Gonzalez

Dating and Relationships Advice Question: Should I move on or
keep pursuing?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's a mistake most make. You're young and it's ok making this mistake now and
learning from it.
You see, you don't confess anything to a girl of romantic nature. You do go full on
serious talk about how you feel for her, love and all that.
Why?
Because she doesn't know you in that way. Even if she's a friend, she doesn't
know you in that way. Sh hasn't dated you yet, got to be with you as a girlfriend
for a while, beeing intimate with you and even sexually. There isn't this long
history between you both as a girlfriend and boyfriend.
So when you confessed your feelings to her it made her feel awkward. You went
with a serious tone but also, you waited far too long. When you waited too long
you fed the idea in your mind about her and become obessessed with her,
Approaching a girl to ask her out isn't suppose to make her feel awkward but
excited, feels great. That can happen if a guy teases, ﬂirts, be fun and not mention
anything about how he so into her, loves her, and all that. You see her response
and if response is good you ask her out for a walk, a drink at a cafe to get to know
her better.
She needs to also be into the guy too.
Now if any girl says any of these....
"I'm not ready for a relationship right now."
"I don't have the time right now for dating.£
"I don't know."
"I don't know how to react. Should we forget about this."
It means she's not interested. She is saying that to avoid conﬂict and the
awkwardiness. She doesn't want to say no because mos girls hate saying no
because it might make things a bit more awkward.
So I would not pursue but move on.
709 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys friendzone you because they dont want to lose you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 11, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The friendzone is done entirely by the girl herself. Not really by us guys. Nor does
the girl friendzone the guy. As both have a choice to move on. So it's really each
choice to be direct to ﬁnd out someone's interested. If not we move on.
In regard to not taking interest in girl or not bothering it's because (and I'm only
talking from my experience);

1. Not sexually attracted to her.
2. She talked or keeps talking about some ex or some guy she's into.
3. She's too slow to respond and doesn't show emotions when asked out, or when
pursused...which leads too....
4. Playing hard to get.
Then I just not bother and move on.
Example..
Me - We’re totally doing bedroom acrobatics
Her: Haha nope:p
You: Ok ﬁne you’re right let’s keep this strictly at a friends level
Her: Noo... I didn’t say that!
So if I am being direct and she’s going to play that hard to get, ok then. I will just
walk away.
It's best to be direct but rarely girls are and even when guys are, well, it doesn't
happen like the movies where the girl says yes. It's usually a lot of ignoring,
playing hard to get, emotional crisis from her side, acting weird and not showing
she's interested.
Then what you know - a girl sees all this and thinks, "hahaha. I'm not playing
their game. I'm going for him!"
She does the reverse. Walla! The guy dates her instead
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a girl laughs when I ask her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She probably laughed because you used the word 'hang out' when she knew you
liked her for a while and wasn't conﬁdent enough to really ask her out. Instead,
you approached her in a safe way, like wanting to be her friend kind of thing by
saying...
'hang out.'
So she laughed.
She knows what you mean but since you weren't conﬁdent to say you like her and
like to take her out - she then jokingly added....
"with the group we are a part of in class..."
7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when she insists to bring her friend on ﬁrst
date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Thanks for update. Sorry mate, if a girl starts talking like then blimey. You only
asked a question.
I would have said, "hey, relax. Why so serious. I'm just asking a question. You
know what, forget it. I've changed my mind. Thanks but no thanks.,"
That would put me oﬀ personally.
But can you tell me how you approached her. Be good to ﬁnd out. By the way, I'm

not easy to please mate. I have kind of high standards and so, if someone talks
even slightly like that I'd be type to say, "Thanks but I changed my mind."
But that's me.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get a girl that hates u to love you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn't even bother. I got far too much self respect to even try with any woman
who has this hate with me. What's the point. Oh yes, that idea in my head that my
feelings for her is enough for both of us.
Well, that's hollywood movies, romance novels, comics and music videos.
In real life it doesn't work that way.
In fact it can impact you in such a way that it will leave you emotionally messed
up and later depressed. It will make you compromise all that suppose to be
important to you and for what? To please her and pump her ego up?
Pﬀ. Not a chance. I got better things to do.
I'd run as far as away as possible from such a girl. I'd probably grow to resent her
myself if I tried and probably grow to hate her back for even trying.
Not worth it.
Life is too short and world is complex as it is. I don't want to make life more
diﬃcult bothering with someone who doesn't feel same way.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my boyfriend. We got into a huge argument and
now he doesn't ever want to speak to me again. How can I get
over it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You sure this is not your boyfriend on the link below ;)
How do I deal with an upset girlfriend who has asked me never to talk to her
again?
On a serious note...nothing you can do but to move on. When things get heated
up and all the drama kicks oﬀ then things that are said can hurt. If he doesn't
want to ever speak to you again then it's best to not call, text but to just get busy
with your life.
3 Views · View Upvoters

I'm in love with a girl, but I am divorced. She loves me, but it
feels wrong to accept me as a lover because she would be seen
as the cause of the break up. What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The pain is greater than the pleasure. Meaning, the attraction with you isn't that
big. If a girl is really sexually attracted to you she won't say that.

Probably due to some factors and I'll name them but please appreciate that I don't
know your full story. The question is vague.
It does not provide much information on how much time you have spent with,
conversed, hanged out etc and for how long.
So here goes...
1. You are too available.
2. Other attractive women are not pursuing you.
3. You are using logic, trying to convince her to go for it instead of dissappearing
and living your life.
4. She fears what others might say about her. The pain is greater than the
pleasure. The sexual attration is not high enough for her to do so.
When you orbit around a girl who knows you're interested in her and she has said
no, you're not becoming attractive to her. It shows you have no other options. To
ask again and she says no lowers your value in her eyes even more.
Yes I know, persistent is what people say one must do. That unfortunately is not
what conﬁdent men do. They know their self worth and they know once is
enough and they are on their way.
So do not try to change her mind logically.
Rather dissappear for a while. Go and live for a bit and let her see she isn't the
centre of your life. Take the attention away.
When she does call let her know you have moved on and not in some pity victim
way but happy way. A way that you have moved on and well, you have lost
nothing and life is great. No sad talk. Keep it short and sweet and be busy with
your life.
Now you have taken it away not dangled it like you is nothing and how you just
wait there for her to change her mind.
Be the chooser not the pursuer when the girl says no. Now pursuing is over, There
is a time to pursue. This is not the time.
463 Views

What do his actions mean? Is he interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guys who are interested won't always take intiative. Most guys won't have the
conﬁdence to do so. So a guy can be interested but if he doesn't get some
awesome vibe that the girl is interested then he won't make a move.
If it was a guy who is conﬁdent and he's interested in you - believe - he'd not take
months. He would approach and tell you you're cute but looks are so damn
common, so let's go for a drink at cafe to get to know each other. Then after some
conversation, ask for your number and lead towards it.
By ﬁrst week you'd already be dating.
That's what conﬁdent guys do when they are into a woman. If he's into you and
he hasn't taken action then he fears rejection. It happens.

But we can only assume.
Taking initiative like talking, approaching the guy isn't really initiative when it
comes to want to date a guy. You'd actually ﬂirt, tease, touch, ask the guy out for a
drink. Instead of the song and dance, with text back and forth but leading to
nothing.
Just text him to go out for a drink and see what he says.
194 Views · View Upvoters

This girl said to me 'is this the moment where I ﬁnally come out
of my shell because I'm always too quiet'. I found this very oﬀputting especially coming from a woman.?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I actually would have found this really cute and very attractive if a woman said
this in front of me. She's in a way saying, that she's has awaken from the BS and
Matrix of life - and she feels very comfortable with you that she could say it.
I'd say, "Awesome! Then let's celebrate with a drink as we get ready to dominate the
world with our new found freedom"
179 Views · View Upvoters

What could be reasons why a reasonably attractive woman
does not get asked out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, I just come back from shop right now. You know what I saw?
1. Attractive women with frowns on their faces
2. Attractive women head down looking at pavement or mobile phone
3. Attractive women can't keep eye contact and quickly head down when some
guys look at them.
Now I am not saying this is the reason but it does play a part. It adds to the fear of
rejection guys will have.
Now in the heads of most guys it be this...
"She's out of my league."
"Hmmmm... she's not smiling. Better not."
"Jeesh she is still texting. Forget it. She looks busy."
"She's not even looking where she's going. Head down to pavement."
"Hmmm, she doesn't look approachable to me."
"What do I say? I mean, what if everyone is looking and she shouts or gets upset,
or I just fall ﬂat on my face?"
Even the good looking guys have this. When most attractive guys approach
women...most women immediately assume he's a player, that he is too good
looking to not be dating anyone.
You can help by..
1. Being in places that makes it easier to be approached.
2. Make eye contact and keep it so he knows you really into him.
3. Please...please..SMILE and keep that eye contact on him.
4. Heck, wave at the guy. You never know. It might give him the guts to approach.

If all else fails, you might have to do what guys do and go through what many
guys go through.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy's trying to kiss you, does it means he likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're just excited and wanted to tell everyone you got a boyfriend. How cute ;)
You know the answer already.
(shaking his head and smiling his head oﬀ)
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask a girl directly if she would consider dating me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 5, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have to be honest to say you seem like a guy who just played it real safe. You also
so nice, too nice that you ask girls permission to "consider" you. Instead of being
conﬁdent and approach without this neediness attitude.
Most guys who do that have already put a girl on a pedestal and wasted tons of
time with her......for her to see the guy isn't someone she'd date. Usually because
he's so slow to escalate and does what majority of guys do.
"I will ﬁrst get to know her. Go to dinner with her and get to know her even
more, Hopfully after a year she will trust me and so I will ask her IF SHE
WILL CONSIDER me for a date."
A guy of conﬁdence can cut through all that with immediate action. It becomes a
surprise for the girl and conﬁdence is very attractive.
And this word "date" is a killer.
It automatically puts it in some serious tone which makes a girl feel so awkward.
Instead one needs to make the process real comfortable for girl, fun, easy going
and not too serious.
So you won't ask a girl out on a date and labelling it as one.
Hopefully you didn't send her a text to ask her out. If it was face to face and she
didn't reply, well, let me say, I would have moved on and already approaching a
diﬀerent girl. Or not even bothered waiting or asking her again.
But for now, let's look at what I mean in regards of approaching like you need her
permission. Many guys mistake being chivarly with being needy and putting a
woman on a pedestal...
Version one. The apologetic needy way..
"I wanted to ask you if you'd consider dating me."
Version two.
The conﬁdent guy with experience and didn't wait for a year but
immediately saw her and asked her out to ﬁnd out more about her..
"Hey there, I only got a minute….BUT…. I was walking to the cafeteria and I saw
you. I had to come over to say you're really attractive. But good looks are
common. I like to ﬁnd out more about you. My name is (your name). Who are
you?"

And after some ﬂirting, teasing in a nice way, conversation he adds..
"You know, I wasn't sure but now I got to know you a little more, I like your
personality, and I love to take you out to a cafe for a drink. What's your number?"
What do you need to do?
Don't approach her or give her anymore attention. She said she's checking
someone out. You don't be desperate still asking her out. That's not pursuing.
This is chasing. If she's playing hard to get then don't bother playing.
If she was interested she needed to say yes.
Since she hasn't, don't go showing her you haven't got options by not moving on.
She just showed you she has options whether it is true or not, don't bother
guessing. If it's not true, that's her problem playing some dumb hard to get game.
You move on instead of waiting and orbiting around her.
Hey, maybe one day she sees you with an attractive girl and realises but she won't
if you orbit around her, chasing her, trying to change her mind when she said she
is checking someone out.
People go in and out of relationship and if a guy behaves in an attractive manner
to move on then he doesn't kill any chance if there is one with her in the future.
You never know what happens. It's where many guys mess up in.
She didn't need to say she's checking someone out.
She could have said no. So her saying that to me is saying something else.
That some girls rarely say what they mean. Instead she is letting you down easily
if it was true to avoid awkwardiness. Or she's trying to get you jelous and you need
to show it doesn't work by moving on.
So move on. Plenty of girls out there.
6.5k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl, but I can't ask her out because I'm not sure she
feels the same way. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

UPDATED...
You fear rejection and you're putting girls on a pedestal. You're thinking way too
much on the bigger picture than just focusing on approaching.
Everytime you leave it, it gets even harder because you create a lot more on the
picture in your head. So much so, that if ever you did ask a girl out and you got
rejected it will hit you really hard.
That's why it is best to never put any girl on a pedestal.
Instead you wouldn't emotionally invest much time at all in thinking or chasing.
You'd just do it and ﬁnd out ﬁrst.
That's you can move on real fast if she says no and without too much pain. Or you
can start faster.
The problem also is you yourself lack resources.
You're so focused on one girl and do nothing.
You have seen girls move from one guy to another - and yet you're still ﬁxated
about this one girl and probably, haven't even dated other girls either.

You're making your whole world around this girl and who might not be interested
in you in the ﬁrst place.
So stop overthinking and approach.
The world isn't going to end. Girls won't dissappear from the planet and life does
move on.
7.6k Views · View Upvoters

After a fail to be with someone what can/should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand where you come from. I'm sure many of us have been there. Just see
that it is ok to feel what you feel but also, don't be hard yourself and think you
have failed.
Look mate...
You didn't fail. If you approached a girl and she said no, and went with someone
else, then this isn't failure.
You need to understand what failure is and not the BS most in society been
taught on what failure is.
Failure is you QUIT. Like stopped. No more believing and doing. Like you're dead
even though you're alive and breathing. That's failure.
You haven't failed. You have found out she isn't the girl for you and she found out
you ain't the guy for her. That is a success mate. Big success.
Can you imagine dating a girl who is not into you? YOu feel all that for her and
she will walk all over you, treat you like nothing because she is with you for
nothing but convienence. There are girls and guys like this in this world.
That is how you need to be when looking at things.
That you don't go with any girl who doesn't emotionally invest with you. If she
don't show interest when you approach and if she doesn't put eﬀort in from day
one, you let her go and move on.
If you see a girl treating you like garbage too and if you get past her looks and all
that....then you wake up and think, "No way. I'm not letting anyone treating me
like this" and you've moved on.
These things take time to learn because one needs to grow. One needs to feel
pain. One needs to feel what happens when they with someone who isn't all that.
They sometimes need their heart broken for being with someone who isn't into
them.
In doing so, they wake up and think, "right, now I know what I want. Not just
looks but she needs to be into me, she needs to have this, that and this. So I am
going to look for this, that and this."
You also need to learn how to try in a more attractive way and most guys, don't
know how to do this. They chase a girl, orbit around her even when she doesn't
show interest and think by spending lots of time thinking about her...chasing
her...texting her....she will fall for them.

That's why they get hurt. They invest time, emotions in a girl who is not even
their girlfriend yet. Only when she is does a guy with smartness emotionally
invest in a girl. That shows the guy has self respect for himself.
The only ones who think they are forced to wait are guys who think the right one
will appear just like that. The girl doesn't just appear.
Does a job just appears?
You have to learn the skill and apply. Go for it everytime. Do you quit when letters
from companies say no?
You let it go and apply to other jobs like that one.
That is life. That is how it is with girls and everything else. You don't get what you
want all the time but if you keep trying, keep meeting the world, keep ﬁguring
out how to get better as you keep doing the work.....you will succeed.
I'm 45 years old mate. I don't shit you.
I've lived and I am sharing what any wise man out there and woman will say to
you. So you see you're not a failure at all.
You need to approach girls. You need to go out in world and be active in life. You
need to ﬁnd your passion and interest in something and it will lead you to many
people. You will see girls there too. You need to participate in the world.
So the choice is always yours.
The world is big. You decide to meet it and approach girls.
No one is forcing you to not to.
Just don't think the right one appears. You may need to date many girls before
you ﬁnd the right one. Life is not like romance novels, magazines and Hollywood
movies, and children books on how the right one will appear when time is right.
It doesn't happen that way mate.
People busy. People are living out there. People got so many distractions and so
have girls too. You need to then go out in world and be proactive in your actions
and not sit there waiting for a girl to appear.
Just don't be hard on yourself and ﬁll your head you're a failure.
Failure is doing nothing and quitting to never try again.
You got a lot more to oﬀer to world than you can ever imagine. Now pick yourself
up. Go and meet the world. There is a girl waiting somewhere but you got to go
through some girls to get to her.
All the best!
262 Views · View Upvoters

How can I get her interested in me, again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hang on a minute. Let me get my black book out and see...
She shows interest but says she has a boyfriend. - Not this one.
She touches your leg and leans towards you - No, this one
She is naked and you are naked and says, 'do you want to do this?" - Not this
one
She takes 3 days to respond to your text - Nop.
She... - hahaha. Deﬁnitely not this one
Found it and here's what the black book says....
If a girl in your social enviroment but only in school or college - invites you to things,
introduces you to friends, asks questions, and you then talk to her....and she stops
lots of the things she did before like ﬂirting...
She is is trying to prove to you that her social value is higher than yours. How you
behave will dictate other behaviors. Such as..
1. If you have weak pre-selection. No attraction girls pursuing you
2. If you spend far too much time with her kissing her ass and impressing her
3. If you orbit around her like most guys do
And doing so without being direct in tease, ﬂirt, converse and immediately....lead to
asking her out without labelling it as a date. If you label as date then what happens
is her unconscious mind with all the crap from magazines, fears of being judged as
too easy, slut, whore, what will others think of her, what will you see her as will self
sabotage her to take the step.
That is if....she is interested.
It is crucial to ensure you don't tease, ﬂirt too much and wait. Instead there is a
small escalation window and if you don't show who you are then her mind will
assume the following..
A) You're like most guys. Average frustrated chump. So make him platonic friend
B) A potential platonic boyfriend who won't get much intimacy from her including
sexual.
C) Or a player who just teaes, ﬂirts with all girls and doesn't take action
D) Has no balls, boring.
The above will be categorised in her mind as either standbys or just friends, and
nothing else but that. Yes, your daddy and mummy, and your friend and most
adults who tell you all these lovely stories to make you feel good. That love just
happens. The right one appears. That some guy with wings and arrow will shoot an
arrow at some random girl and walla, she's yours.
That you will meet your soul mate. That love happens immediately like a
thunderbolt.
Until you meet the real world and it pounds to the ground until you wake up to the
realisation what complete nonsense you have been fed with. You will ﬁnd most girls
and most womnen ate crazy as hell when it comes to dating. It is a mineﬁeld for the
average guy.
I say most not all, most girls and women,.
I haven't mention the psychos, the manipulations, attention seekers, the selﬁs and
all the rest which you can also ﬁnd in guys too.

They will hammer you with their games if you don't wake up to the realisation that
most play games due to fear. They are scared and insecure.
Funny how when attractive women and men grow older, much older and all that
talk about dating an attractive someone goes out of the window. Now they got to just
get anyone to fulﬁll, to satisfy to be loved.
People do what they do to...surviving.
That is why she is doing all dance routine. It is due to her own insecurities, her fears
and so she will do all sorts of peacocking nonsense to make you jelous, make you feel
she has higher value and yes....to get you to pursue her.
From the black book of mind warping unconscious behavior and many a times they
are done consciouly games - you must not let her frame you into a role. The role of
an average fruystrated chump.
A chump who will orbit around her while she squeezes your balls to see if you're
really a man or if she should just be friends with you.
Instead....be the chooser.
How?
(hang on, I got to turn the page, Blimey I didn't know about all this...)
Shut the game down like you Eagle ﬂying through the sky, swooping down and
picking up a peacock right to drop it on it's ass. Not too high but enough so the
peacock can shake itself out of the world magazines, advise from other girls, the
websites, pick up artists and all the nonsense most learn on how to attract a guy.
In practical terms....
You don't give her anymore attention but rather a decisive behavior. You must
approach and ask her out for...."drink and chill." Be the masculine beccause Hell
will freeze over before she ever asks you out.
Even if she is interested.
1. You have done enougn ﬂirting, teasing.
2. Communicate your interest directly. Ask her out. "drink and chill."
3. If she rejects, walk away. Give her no more attention. No more text. No more
information. No more.
4. Then approch other girls and date them.
Or spend your time like most guys looking for signals and clarity when you can
never get clarity from a girl anyway with such things.
There we go. From the black book ;)
UPDATE..
I keep hearing some reference regarding Neil Strauses on comments of my posts.
Guys....you must have not lived and your knowledge is so small. Don't assume
things about what other people write. This knowledge is so damn old it's
ridicolous.
It's common sense and it's proved from comments on many of my answers that

common sense is not so common.
Read..
Darwin theory of Evolution also The Origin of Species. Also the Expressions of
Emotions.
Napoleon Hill - Think and Grow Rich. You learn more about inner game than the
shit pick up artist took and packaged into dating books.
To...The Secret Law of Attraction as Explained by Napoleon Hill.
Pick up artist taking stuﬀ from these and many others and repackaged. It's called
Marketing.
Heck, most of the knowledge comes from Branding strategies, Strategic thing
strategis, Consumer Relationship managements.
To many entrepreneurial books on leadership where entrepreneurs know more
about inner game than most in pick up dating industry. You want to learn inner
game go and sit with a millionnair in business the way I have. That's where I
learnt inner game. From entrepreneurs and outer game from strategic marketing
knowledge from marketers and business owners.
It's old stuﬀ I learnt when I was 16 years-25 years old and I'm 45 years old and
you're guys telling me about some guy called Neil Strauss.
That says a lot then because if all you thought this comes from some dating book
of some guy who wrote the Game....then your eyes are closed. It reveals your
experience in life, your general knowledge is limited.
Many in pickup artists just took things and repackaged. From inner game and all
that which can be learnt as an entrepreneur, from marketing, consumer
relationship to the science of inﬂuence, consumer psychology.
It's not new and nor did Neil and anyone else invented it.
8.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Micah Grollitsch

How do I get a man that is out of my league?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to ﬁrst do one thing.
Remove out of my league from the word man.
Now you just got - man.
You've just removed a lot of insecurities and baggage to make it easier for you to
just approach. For all you know the guy is an asshole, someone not smart as you
think, or anything else that is in your head.
You don't know until you approach because perception is a bitch.
I can easily dress up in a certain way and have some hot sexy women around me
and you're own unconscious brain will start the pre-selection mode. Thinking I
am so wanted, attractive, so out of your league because I got these tall very
attractive women.

I have had this happen to me many a times.
I go into a nightclub and nothing.
I walk in again with very attractive women and I'm looking good myself with
great clothes and all of a sudden....talking to other women is easier.
Their defences are down.
Perception is a bitch. It's not truth.
You only know the facts when you approach and give time to know....the man.
Out of your league is a perception.
Remove out of your league.
Know the man
You won't know the man, what he really wants and if he is compatible with you
until you approach to ﬁnd out. Until you date him. Until you dated him many a
times. Until you have become intimate and until you have sexually intimate and
more.
You may ﬁnd what you saw out of your league isn't.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Really like this girl in my highschool and we've made eye
contact and some smiling, but we have no common classes or
interests.She's also out of my league.How do I approach her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's understandable you're thinking and feeling this way. Believe when I say
this....most guys if not all go through this all time. That is when you get to my age
and you just don't give a shit. Especially when you've dated very attractive
women.
You get to realise, "Meh, what the hell was I worried about?"
All this talk about no common classes, interest and out of your league is just
you're own insecurities. You can rationalise the hell out of this with as much logic
you want but you need to now get real with this. You're brain is looking for
excuses to avoid doing what is uncomfortable for you.
And because you haven't got a lot of information from past experiences, seen it
being done too then it will continue to do so and you fall prey to..
The fear of rejection.
Let's imagine for a moment you said, "Alright Adam, I'm going to do this but I got
some questions man."
Then I answer your questions..
What if she gets oﬀended by me approaching her.
Answer..

You say, "Hey, relax. Why are you so serious. This is college (or school) and it's a
social place. People get to know each other this way. I'm only being sociable with
you. I saw you, I liked what I see but I came over to ﬁnd out who you are and more.
It's what any human being with conﬁdence does."
Ok what do I say then if I approach?
Answer...
Excuse me, I was going to my class (or library, whatever) and I saw you. I had to
come over to say you're really attactive. But looks are so common so I wanted to
ﬁnd out more about you. Hi, my name is....(your name).
If you feel uncomfortable saying attractive because you feel it's not subtle. Well,
mate, look. Nothing wrong saying to a girl she's attractive. You can add..
"But good looks are so common these days. So I would like to get to know you
more." Smile. Let her respond and don't compliment anymore.
But Adam, do I tell her how I feel and confess my feelings?
Answer.
No. You just relax, be fun, tease, as this shows conﬁdence. Smile, strike a
conversation. You don't confess anything until you have dated many a time, got
real intimate, got sexually intimate many times and you're sure about it too.
But how do I lead get to dating her if all goes well?
Answer
After the conversation and if you feel you will really get along with then you say
you...
"You know, at ﬁrst I wasn't sure but since I got to know you a little I like you're
personality and how you see things. I know a cafe that has great reviews. Be great
we go and check it our and ruin it's reputation (smile). What's your number?"
There we go.
On the same day, in the evening text her something like..
"Hey (her name), it was great seeing you."
Let her respond. Then you can communicate and lead to phone, talk, build
comfort and then lead to sorting a day out to walk, meet, go to the cafe.
Now this doesn't mean it will happen with her and if it doesn't then you found
out what you need to know.
The key is be decisive. Flirting, teasing in a very good way not to harm her is
conﬁdence but you must move it now to converse and to get her number. Don't
start and then leave her wondering or assuming. Do it all in one go so you can
ﬁnd out yes or no. It's faster and personally you never have to worry again about
looking for signals.
Most guys get frustrated because they are looking for signals. They don't know
where she stands and where they stand. You can know this fast, right there and
then to start building on what has happened or if no...move on.
You just keep approaching girls you like. It will get easier through time and ﬁnd

your way of doing it.
At least you got some practical guide.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Do girls give up on a guys if they take too long to ask them out?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. It can happen. Imagine it like this...
A girl sees a guy she likes and he sees her. She looks and he looks. She stares and
he stares but nothing happens. Then she just walks away and you never know,
some guy with conﬁdence only needs one look from her and he will approach.
Then there is the guy who gets the number from the girl. He texts and she text
back. She text and he text back but all the text is not much fun. It's boring. It's all
about small talk. The guy is waiting for signals, the right time, the right moment
and for aliens to ﬂy through the sky with a sign...
"For pete sake just ask her out for a drink and chill"
But no. He sends a link to some video. He sends her "how was your class." He
sends all sorts and slowly and surely, she loses interest. Her response gets
shorter...shorter...going...going...GONE!
She got frustrated. Bored and probably categorised him like most guys. She can
get what he got to oﬀer from a thousand more guys. She can be friend with many
guys. She probably has tons of text like that from other guys.
He's easily forgotten and seen as boring.
Then there's the guy who likes the girl and instead of being direct, telling her
she's cute, be fun and all - he's too serious. He tries the friend approach. He be
there listening to her problems. She knows he's into her and so she plays with him
like a cat playing with a mouse.
You know these guys because they be saying..
"Ooooh our legs touched each other."
"She send me a smile by text."
"She looked at me for 5 seconds and brushed her hair aside."
And she loves the attention. The guys orbiting around her. Well hey, if she can get
his time for free, have some guy sit with her as she vomits all her worries then
why not. It will make her feel good.
Then some guy sees her and he doesn't do that. Instead he teases, ﬂirts, builds
some rapport, gets her number and next thing you know....they are dating.
What happens to this other guy?
He complains how all girls are bitches and badboys get the girls. How come he is
nice but the girls don't fall for him and on it goes.
Do girls lose interest in a guy who is slow.
Yes they they do.

You won't see a sales rep running after one customer. He/she knows that if this
happens he may ﬁnd himself broke.
Same with this.
If a guy isn't fast and direct then what happens is - he is emotionally investing far
too much time, eﬀort on ONE girl he doesn't know is into him.
Better to be direct and lose lots of girls who say no for whatever reason and be
able to move fast to get to girl that says....yes. Doing so with least eﬀort as most
guys do and who take so long because...they fear..........rejection.
If at anytime you feel you need to move fast...move fast. You're probably right. If
you're worried about rejection....move fast. Do it. If you're wondering should you
text...do it. Don't wait. Just get it over with and see what the answer is.
13.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I tell where I "went wrong" with a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Thanks for updating your question...
Looking from what you have written, I see there is a lack of being direct. There is
far too much talking, texting, investment, telling the girl you'll always be there to
talk to when you really want to say something else.
That you like her and want to take her out.
You're investing a lot and yet she's not your girlfriend yet. You like her so it's not
about you wanting to be a friend but the way you're acting is like a friend.
You got to diﬀerentiate from such guys and such guys don't invest a hell of a lot
until they know the girl says...yes. Until they know 100% the girl is into them and
they do by asking her out.
You won't see me texting a woman in morning. You wont see me telling any
woman she can talk to me whenever she wants. Nor will you see me texting,
sending links and all that or be always available UNTIL I know 100% she's my
girlfriend.
That doesn't mean I'll ignore her or ignore her text, or play any games.
It means she won't be a priority to me if she doesn't say, yes or no.
Therefore, it is up to you to ﬁnd out if it is.....a...yes or no.
The girl isn't going to be direct and so, you need to be.
In other words, you're playing safe and she has now got bored of it all. You didn't
ask her out but did what most guys do. Playing safe.
So..
1. Don't invest too much in a girl until you ﬁrst be direct. Get a yes or no. Be clear.
2. If no, fair enough. Planet is full of girls. Move on and it be easy to do so because
you didn't invest lots of time, emotions, work.

3. If yes, well now you know and can throw away the games and get to know each
other.
At least when you be direct in a nice way you can move on faster or you can start
faster.
8.3k Views · View Upvoters

I am in love with a married woman and i just can get over her.
she is far away from me . What should i do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was saturday and my mate saw gorgeous woman. She's married and is pregnant
too. He didn't know where his courage came from because he saw two monsters
walking beside her.
They were her bodyguards dressed in dark blue warrior type clothes with claws as
long as your legs.
As they marched with her, she turned her head looking so sad at my friend. He
thought it was a cry for help and with that....he leaped onto the table and drew
out his sword.
The two monsters turned round and they did some weird shit movements with
their hands. Fire balls ﬂew towards my friend and he dodged like he was THE
CHOSEN ONE!
In an instant he elevated from the ground and did some magical movements. He
began to change into this heroic warrior and the woman shouted..
"SAVE ME MY LOVE! SAVE ME! I AM A PRISONER IN THIS RELATIONSHIP!"
"I AM HERE MY LOVE!"
He ﬂew down at these two monsters as another man...her husband appeared. He
was gruesome. Ugly as hell. He had horns and sabre teeth, and one eye in his
forehead. His face covered in boils the size of your ﬁst.
My friend believed he'd be saving her from a monster and a relationship that
never meant to happen.
Even if she is pregnant.
Even if she is married.
He told the husband as he ﬂew down...
"My love is all that matters for her. It is enough to keep us together! It is meant to
be!"
Her husband gave a loud growling sound. His eye turned red and the two monster
body guards split into 100 monsters.
THEN....I woke my friend up from the library.
He looked up and seemed pissed that I woke him up.
"What's wrong with you?" I asked.
"Nothing." He said.
"Building sand castles in sky huh?"

"What you mean??!?" He said.
"Nothing. Just you know. You was gone somewhere far.."
"Oh erm, yeah. I was thinking about the new job" He said.
Like I believed his BS. I knew he was battling away and probably feeding an idea
about some woman he saw. He probably thinks whatever he feels is enough for
the both - he and the woman.
Yeah, all those feelings was just him desperately wanting to be accepted,
validated and for her to feel the same way for him.
As we stepped out in the street and seeing many women walking by, I saw
something. Monsters everywhere. Suddenly my friend dissappeared and I turn
into Merlin. Well what do you know. I got super powers.
I looked up and.....I saw a woman who was battling some demons. Battling them
with her sword and she turned and shouted..
"Hey you sexy beast! Help me out here. Come on!"
The end ;)
Or the beginning of something else.
71 Views

I want to apologize to my ex-girlfriend's ex boyrfriend, for
sleeping with her while they were together. But I dont know if
he knows that and many years have past. Should I leave it
alone?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, leave it alone. If she wants to tell him it's her choice. It's been many a years.
Best to leave it alone and you just move on.
It's not your business and I don't trust people who come years later, saying things
like that. I see them as selﬁsh and they got some agenda. They are doing it for
themselves and not really for anything else.
He's not going to thank you for it but it will cause drama.
I would leave it alone as it's been many a years now. Things may have changed
between them and even if it hasn't - it's best still to leave it alone.
Do you suﬀer from depression?
Just a question. If so, I would just go and see a profesional. Like a therapist.
357 Views · View Upvoters

How should I deal with humiliating myself with this guy I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hey, relax. Don't worry. When you do see the guy don't ignore and avoid. It will
make it awkward. Instead when you do see the guy turn it out in a fun way.
"Hey, how you doing? Listen, I drank too much last night. I didn't start dancing
on table or something? I can't remember what happened."

That way you at least got it out of the way and showed it's not a big deal to you.
Also, you let him know you didn't know what you was saying anyway.
You'd probably ﬁnd much of your worry is in your head.
I know one girl did that and I wasn't that bothered about it. She saw me a few days
later and we made a joke of it. It was cool. I wasn't even thinking about it because
I was far too busy with my life anyway.
It's not like it was ﬁrst time I saw a girl drunk or anyone else, and they didn't talk
about their life. So it's not anything new.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What should I do when the girl you like asks if she is a good
friend? Is she trying to friend zone me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl = So do you see me as a good friend?
Adam -I don't know.
Girl - What you mean?
Adam- I don't know if you're good enough for me to date or whether you fell for
the BS that the zone exist. So which is it huh? You're smart or you're fell for the
bs?
Girl - I'm smart
Adam - Great. Then we have cut through 99% of the bs already and we can go for
a drink down the road.
The other day..
Girl - So this guy I met gave me his number and..
Adam - Hold up one minute. I need to get my phone
Girl - Oh ok
Adam - Done. You was saying
Girl - I....
Adam - Oh damn, wait two second. Something wrong with my phone.
Adam - Ok sorted.
Girl - Anyway I got..
Adam - Wait. Let me test my phone out
Girl - ????
Adam - (calling) Hey Tracy how you doing. Great. Great. Listen what you're dong
right now? Cool. Ok I'll see you in one hour.
Adam - Sorry got to go. You seem more interested about other guys than us two
getting down with each other. Right, go to go. Tracy is waiting (winks, smiles and
walks oﬀ)
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the diﬀerence between someone playing you and
playing hard to get
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The one who is playing you is not interested in you but has an agenda of looking
cool, or using you for social status. So they really not that into you but doing it all
for the ego of impressing someone or just having fun.
The playing hard to get?
The person is interested but they say they are not. Or they will not reply to your

phone calls for like a week, or never wait....wait.....wait....for week to text back.
They will also cancel when they arranged to meet you on the day.
All this and yet they are interested in person.
Here's an example...
Adam Taha's answer to I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to
date me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast.
He told me it was okay but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
You see the girl is interested but she pretends she isn't. She wanted me to chase
and I personally don't do that at all. Also now she did that it has turned me oﬀ. It
told me, that if she is like that now then she will be worse later on.
Now if the person isn't playing hard to get then they will say yes, they are
interested in you too by their behavior. They will even take some intiative with
calling, texting and meeting. Sometimes you may need to lead becasue they
might be shy but they won't play around. They'll follow through.
If you help them, give them the lead they will follow through. You'll know they
are sincere, genuine and really want to but they don't know what to do next. They
haven't the social skills or they a little scared so you help the person along in a
sincere way too.
2 Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend says that there's a possibility that she might hook
up with another guy on vacation while drunk. I really love her
and want to be with her but I don't like disloyalty. What should
I do if she does?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Dec 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me grab my black book...
- If she says she got a boyfriend" No, not that one.
- If she asks you if her ass looks big in this dress. How to reply." No, not that one.
- If a girl cancels twices, ﬂakes out." Nop.
- How to approach her when she has 10 friends around her." No, not this one.
- I like to take this slow.' Man, this one is a right mind twister.
- How to..." certainly not this one hahaha.
Aha! Here it is...
"If your girlfriend says there's a possibility she might hook up with another
guy on a vacation while drunk."
Here's what it says under this chapter and very eloquently decoded....
"You need to understand who I really am. I'm not into commitment type of
relationship. I'm not ready. I like to have fun and don't care much about being
exclusive. It's been worrying me a lot because I don't want you thinking we got
something that is about exclusivity. I don't want exclusivity but like to live a litttle,
sleep with other guys and my drinking is of course an excuse. Yes, it's BS. It's just an
excuse. A tiny written clause so I can say - BUT I told you so.
I'm hoping you got the smartness to read my cryptic sub communication
woman lingo and decide..

A) You're ok if I sleep with others and I still be with you and we have sex without
giving me drama, judging me and all that.
B) Or you're not into dating a girl who wants open relationship and doesn't care
much about being exclusive for now. Maybe I never will. I'm young and just want to
have my fun.
So where do we go from here?
You ok with me getting drunk and sleeping with guys? You ok we have an open
relationship? Or you're not into that at all?"
This code was also imported into Adam Taha App called
'How to cut through the BS of woman lingo For Guys."
The answer was the same ;)
Wait till you hear what this means..
- You sure you want to do this." said when you're both naked and ready for sex.
You'll have to read it in the magical black book of dating (wink...wink).
9.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Raymond Bailey

When can you tell if someone is wrong or right for you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 7, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One mistake I made is rush into things in the past. So I don't care if the woman I
am dating is worried about her bilogical clock. I'm not going to rush into things
by promising anything long-term.
Especially when I haven't even dating her for over a year. Never mind a month. I
will know something is wrong if...
1. She's already demanding to settle down, how she wants a guy who has a career,
this and that and we've only dated for a week. That's a red ﬂag for me. I would
immediately decline dating her again. It's too soon.
2. Her personality and I won't know because I won't know her well. I will also
know the truth after sex too. People change when the sexual intimacy happens
and time will tell who is who.
3. Her behavior. Is she rude with my friends and family? Does she act controlling
or posessiveness. Lots of things but these take time and takes one to be involved
with the person in diﬀerent social and private enviroments.
All this needs time and sometimes, I may know instantly we don't click. It also
depends on the person own experience.
I just know if I click with woman. Just something I feel inate in me or something I
have grown to develop over the years through time.
So I listen to my gut instincts.
From what I'm reading you're rushing it.
You're pushing it to something that it is not at this moment in time. It's too soon
to decide things like that.
You're putting a lot a pressure on yourself and you will on the guy too.
399 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jessie Delane

What is the coolest way to handle a man hitting on your
girlfriend/wife?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The coolest way?
I'm with a girlfriend I just met and she walks to dance ﬂoor and starts dancing. I
walk to bar to get some drinks.
The moment she starts all hell breaks loose.
Heads turn, guys drool and even the women are Jelous. She's very attractive and
she knows how to dance. She used to go to dancing classes for years and so she
knows how to do moves and the sexy ones too.
Attractive girls even hit on her.
Then I see the guys orbiting and slowly but surely they start hiting on her.
Here's what I do:
I get a couple of drinks and if I could buy a box of pop corn I would. Instead I buy
a packet of crisps. With my drink, I smile, lean back and watch the show.
Ah, that's the life ;)
8.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get my boyfriend to be aﬀectionate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Years ago I was a diﬀerent guy. You can say I was one of the most aﬀectionate and
romantics you could ever ﬁnd. However, as time goes by and you go from one
relationship to another your heart gets knocked about a bit.
It be wonderful to be yourself. Just wonderful but as you read much of what I've
shared from real life experiences - the world we live in isn't so good in being itself.
It's full of games, predators and confused people.
Along the way you also meet the shy, the timid, the slow mover, the fast escalator,
the dominate, the supportive. The emotional wrecking ball, the bastard, the
witch, the nut case, the sociopaths and so on.
If you're fortunate like most you'll have found your way out of the cesspool and
with your sanity intack but for some, well, they will be a bit wary showing
aﬀection.
However, along this journey I met some amazing women.
For example, one woman would show her aﬀection and continue to do so and as
time went past I saw it as her nature. I began to like her nature and I began to
open up and become aﬀectionate too and slowly I might add. I was slowly getting
there. Examples speaks louder than words.
I met another woman who would continue to say how gentle I am. How loving I
am. How this and that I am. Even when I wasn't but kind of cold. #

I was just more focused with work, goals, dreams and other things I wanted to
achieve.
I would show some aﬀectionate but I would always be so deep into my paintings,
or producing scores for music. I was into my world a lot of the times. Living or
dating with an artist can be a challenge because some of us are so self absorbed.
Always busy creating....creating...creating and anything else, meh, not interested
in. They knew this and they didn't say anything about it.
As she kept on saying the positive words and as she always met me with a smile, a
run, a jump and a genuine embrace - I slowly became more aﬀectionate, more
responsive and even did the darnest thing.
I bought her her favourite ﬂower...Iris.
Then I fond out what her favourite ice cream - Haagan Chocolate Ice cream.
As time went by I would grow to learn more of her interest and I would take her to
places she liked but probably she was busy herself. You know how it is with life.
You want to do things but life sometimes get in way.
So each woman I felt made an impact in me were the ones who didn't try to
change me with their words in what I need to change. Those who did found
themselves seeing a man becoming more distant and resenting it too.
It was by their own example.
I would observe quietly even though I didn't show it. I would reﬂect even though
they didn't know it. I would appreciate even though I didn't sometimes show it
but slowly I began to open up.
So how does one gets anyone aﬀectionate?
I believe these amazing women didn't show aﬀection to make me become
aﬀectionate. They loved me unconditionally. They knew what I am when they
ﬁrst met me. They knew I didn't show or confess love and all that most guys do so
early.
They knew from day one and so, since they know - then why try and change a
man to something he wasn't when they met him. Instead they just loved the man
and accepted him for how he is.
I didn't show much even when a year went by. They knew and really didn't do
something to change me. They just did what they did because they wanted to.
They just loved being with me and loved to just give.
761 Views · View Upvoters

Is asking a girl to prom like asking her to be your girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because it's not direct enough. You can't assume that she will see it as you
seeing her as a girlfriend. You have to be direct about it. Best you approach her
before the prom to get ask her out and then if all is well, she is already your
girlfriend.
Then when you ask her out for prom, well, she's your girlfriend now.

So best you make it clear and not assume anything.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a young adult (~20 years old) and never had a girlfriend or
boyfriend. All my friends are in relationships. What should I
do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I'm 19 years old and have never had a girlfriend. All my friends do. What can I
do to improve my chances?

Glad to hear you're being proactive in getting help with your depression. On the
girlfriend side...
1. Dress to kill. It will make you feel good too. Sexual appeal is important. So dress
good, look your best, smell good etc.
2. Hit the gym. That will make you feel good too. <<< this takes time.
3. Approach girls but detache from the outcome. Don't take rejection personally. I
know it's hard to do so but try.
4. Get numbers.
5. Learn how to lead to date without labelling it as a date because it makes it so
serious. Instead..
"Hey, I know a great place, cafe for a drink and chill."
Of course your social skills will take time to develop but hey, see it as fun man.
Don't worry about being smooth. It never is smooth no matter who the guy is.
Point 3-4 are skills that take time to learn.
Read on girls psychology regarding dating. It will help you understand a lot too
and not take things personally. It will also help you to avoid a lot of mistakes too
that most guys do but whatever you do.....have fun. Always approach from fun
side.
If you do that you won't take rejections and craziness so seriously. You may ﬁnd
by leading with such a refreshing fun attitude girls will feel relaxed too.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thomas Mart

How do you dump your feelings for a girl to whom you have
been attracted for a long time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The last bell for drinks kicked in and my mate was still sober. Sometimes was
wrong because usually he is upbeat and throughout the night when we were
moving from one pub or night club to another he be the live one.
This time his back was little arched and all he could do was turn his glass round
and round as the half pint was splashing away.
As we walked out and as I promise a brunette that I'd come by to her house in a
couple of hours....he opened up.
"I can never understand how you do this one thing. That one thing I am now
struggling with."
"You mean the guitar rift, right?"

"No. How do you get over a girl you had feelings for a long time?"
"Ah! I see. That's what's been bothering you?"
"Yeah. I cannot get over her and it didn't happen for me with her. I thought it
would but she's into someone else real deep."
So as we walked a long walk we talked. I shared this with him and I really thought
he won't listen. I really thought he be like most people who ask for answers and
really don't apply what someone shares.
He didn't. He actually did listen and made the changes....
The real issue isn't really about her. The real issue isn't about letting go of the
feelings for her. The real issue is letting go of the illusion and planting your feet
on solid ground. You see, it's not that you don't want to let go of her.
It's you don't want to let go of the feelings you feel, the drama and the
obessession you have. It is all an illusion, an idea that swims in your mind day
and night.
1. Only you are the master of your projection.
I don't know the full story but one thing is for certain, in many people who post
here about love, about they like someone - they think their feelings for that
person is big enough for both of them.
2. The reality is the feelings is never enough for both, you and the woman you are
attracted to. It never is.
So all that time you live with an idea and it is out of proportion.
It isn't based on facts. It's not based on you so wanting the other person, the
woman to have the same feelings too. You become so consumed by this illusion
of how she SHOULD feel the same way because it feels right.
Throughout ones mind you see it all like a story replaying over and over again.
How she will let you sweep her oﬀ your feet. How you will meet her at a certain
place and how it goes so well together. The whole relationship is played with a
white picket fence and a home.
That it will last forever. That it is meant to be.
But what this does is...
3. It makes one to attract the aloof, the woman who doesn't really feel the same
way as you do. It eats away on your time as you think about this someone, push
for this someone, text to this someone and do all sorts to someone who doesn't
feel the same way as you do.
The feelings you feel becomes an anxiety because you need some kind of dream,
an inspiration to help you keep being inspired by this illusion. The anxiety grows
even bigger because as time goes by you also reject yourself. You bring each brick
of your castle tumbling down and you....repeat the process over and over again.
Why?
4. Because you don't want to let go.
Why is it when we know the feeling makes us feel crap, makes us feel empty that
we still don't want to let go of this illusion?

Because we're afraid that this is all we got.
To get real with ourselves is hard to do. I know it's hard because we have to take
responsibility that we are the designers, inventors and creators of our pain.
Whether it is rejection or feeling crap because the other person doesn't feel the
same way. Instead, we say it's about the feelings we have for the woman or guy.
But it's really the time we have emotionally invested by our own choice in
building up the illusions, the castles in the sky and the movie which creates the
feelings. We don't want to admit the story we created was our own.
We don't want to let go because we have to admit the story does not exist.
But something else happens...
5. We don't see the signs you need to see.
That's why it continues to happen with another woman and another. It is
repeated because the lesson hasn't been picked up.
The countless times I made the same mistakes over and over again in the past
was just unbelievable! It took a long time ﬁguring out why.
Yes, we can say the other person had a hand in misleading but we only have a
choice to to know who to give our time too We have the tools to really see but due
to the castles in the sky we are blinded.
6. How do you end it?
You stop feeding the story. You stop calling, texting, stalking on social media and
you stop hoping. You stop waiting for the changes in the other person. You stop
orbiting. You end it right here and now.
You cut the source. The routine actions and change these routines to live in the
real world as you build your own life.
We create the drama ourselves so what we do is - we stop creating it.
We need to connect to the real world more.
Place our feet on solid ground.
No more looking for signals. No more signs. No more waiting. Instead we focus on
facts and we focus on actions. If the action does not get the results we do not
create drama in our mind but move on.
I remember the ﬁrst thing I did is stop wanting the woman I was attracted to.
Second, I took responsibility that it was all in my head. Third, since the woman
doesn't want me in her life then I don't want her in my life either.
Fourth, I took full responsibility for the feelings. It's not the other person who
needs to do anything or end it. You have to end it yourself. They are oblivious to
you even if the woman knows or doesn't know you're attracted to her.
That was 20 years ago. I learnt fast.
Now if you are so far gone then do see a professional therapist. See a professional
to help if you need to do. Nothing embarrassing about it either. I just didn't need
to because I replaced all with a higher purpose in life and...facts.

I know it's a bit detailed but I hope it makes sense.
If it don't then I hope someone else will share their experience and wisdom.
Maybe you will ﬁnd the answer in their words more than you will from mine.
The drama, the illusion, that story in your head needs to stop. The castles in the
sky will tumble and it will be painful but you will land on solid ground.
You and only you can do this.
975 Views · View Upvoters

What does this guy mean if he says yes to plans and then
cancels?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's not that into you from the looks of it. If he was he would have given an
alternative. If also someone is playing hard to get then it's best to not pursue. He
might just see you as nothing more than friend.
You know, someone to just hang out and nothing else.
Best to pursue some other guy who can give you a straight answer and he isn't so
in the air about it like it's just some hang out. From what your saying he doesn't
seem that bothered about dating.
1.1k Views

Should I tell a girl who asked me out why I said "no", even
though it has been over three years?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't even bother. Don't even go there. You leave her alone. People who do that
are selﬁsh. It has been 3 years and if you was so concerned you would have
explained right there and them.
Tell her the truth?
She doesn't need your pity. Take your pity somewhere else. Move on. This is just
drama now. Get busy with your life or something.
If you got a problem with depression then go and see a therapist.
Leave this girl alone. Don't make your depression as some excuse to tell her
anything.
478 Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad idea to call the guy you suspect your girlfriend is
cheating with to get the truth because she is lying?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't call the guy. Who is it that's not telling him she has a boyfriend and who
isn't blocking his number? You're girlfriend.
Guys are going to be hitting on your girl no matter what.
It doesn't matter if it's texting her, approaching her in the streets, in a nightclub,

cafe and supermarket. It will always happen.
The issue here is the trust between you and your girlfriend.
You can't control this guy and forget even bothering about talking to him politely.
That's what most guys say and ﬁnd themselves in heap of trouble.
If you cannot trust her and if she is unwillinng to sort boundaries for these things
- time to call it quits. It's time to just let her have all that attention on her own and
go your own way.
No friend of my girlfriends I've dated dare send text like that. Each woman I've
dated would cut their balls of if they tried. They'd block their number and have
done. You're girlfriend probably loves the attention.
Talk to her not the guy.
2.8k Views · View Upvoters

If my girlfriend has guy friends then it is ok for me to have a girl
for a friend?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Here's how it goes. The girlfriend can have 100 male friends for all I care. It
doesn't tell me that this reveals why I can. It doesn't mean I need her permission.
Sure, we can communicate and talk about but it doesn't mean the girlfriend
thinks she is giving me permission to do so. I don't need her permission for
anything. It's my life and it's how I lived before I met her.
So as a man, I don't think..
"Do I have the right to have a girl as a friend because she has a guy as friend."
Instead, I make friends without her permission and I don't need to say anything
about it either. My business.
Now, the only thing one needs to take care of is..
1. Don't brag about the girl's you made friends with to her
2. Don't play mind games getting her jelous about it
3. Don't share anything about them to her and nor about her to other girls
4. Don't abuse the trust and ﬂirt with these girls
5. Don't ﬂirt and tease with girls in front of your girlfriend
6. Be good at relationship management especially with social media.
No need to throw such things at her face. Most guys prat about using social media
and throwing it on their girlfriends face.
That's where the problem is for most guys. It's not about having girls as friends
but the behavior in which they conduct themselves. Throwing it on the face of
the girlfriend and of course she will feel hurt, angry and jelous.
It's natural.
So remember these things and you'll do just ﬁne.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if a girl likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you know if a girl is attracted to you?

I'll never know until I take action. The secret is that...action. The reason why I
love this word and I respect people of action especially women if they approach
guys. Most rarely will.
It is because I don't waste anytime when I know
Most women will
1. Flirt, tease for attention
2. To feel important
3. To feel they can attract a man's attention
4. etc etc
So to make sure I ﬁlter out such women I take action. I don't do what most guys
do by looking for signals. I cannot be bothered with such things and I'm not the
type to wait around while orbiting around women.
I'm going to approach and get it done and if it is a no, I take it as a no.
I don't care if she means yes, if she don't know, or whatever. If there is no yes in
there then I am moving on.
I will know if she is attracted to me when she responds after she gives me her
number, we meet a few times, we get intimate, we get sexual.
Anything else like her smiling, her brushing her hair, eye contact, moving her
booty on dance ﬂoor, touching my arm and anything else most guys look
for....means nothing.
It means nothing whatsoever to me.
That's how I will know = results.
Anything else is just an idea in my head.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

My ldr girlfriend acts cold and less interested when she's
talking to another male friend of hers online, when I tell her
about it she gets mad and leaves. Am I being too insecure or
something is going on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

L.D.R = meaning long distance relationship? If so...
If she is leaving all time you bring something up then if it was me, I personally
won't bother with her. I'd move on. It's immature and childish of her to do that
and it's red ﬂag. It bothers you and you want to talk about it and she thinks
because you're at other end of world and internet she can just do that.
Yes, she can but then I would be done with her.
Long distance isn't easy mate because women as well as guys can access
resources locally and in their area. They have tons of access to other people to

talk to and even date.
But if a girl keeps shutting me out everytime I bring something up like this and
she isn't willing to talk about it - bye bye is what I'll do. I'm not going to let her
treat me that way a second time and third time.
So know your boundaries and respect your boundaries. You don't need to take
such behavior if you don't like it.
It's why I don't do long distance. I just cannot be bothered with it.
Kudos whoever does. Just isn't for me.
84 Views

Is this a good way to ask a girl for her number?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're trying too hard to impress. You also never talk bad about yourself even if
it's a joke. Relax mate. Look. If she was a girl you don't ﬁnd attractive how would
you approach her?
You'd not try to impress her. You wouldn't say anything you just said.
You'd probably do what I always do..
"Excuse me, I was just walking to bank (or whatever) and I saw you, and had to
come over to saw hi. Hi my name is (your name). Who are you?"
Conﬁdence mate. You already shown you like her by approaching her. Now if she
isn't in a hurry, tease, ﬂirt, converse ﬁrst. Don't ask for number straight away. Let
her see your real genuine personality. Then ask..
'You know I wasn't sure but since I got to know a little about you, I'd like to take
you out for a coﬀee and ﬁnd out more. What's you're number?"
Give her your mobile phone and then give her your number.
You see what I mean?
You're being honest, genuine and you're not saying something like crazy or jokes.
You're just being genuine with her.
It's ok to see an attractive girl and say she's attractive too but don't go overboard
complimenting. Don't impress and just be real.
Tone it down a bit. It's ok to tease, ﬂirt but only if you know how. It's a skill mate.
Since from what I've seen you haven't got that yet...just relax and be honest, keep
it simple, approach and say hi and get her number.
Just appreciate a number is not a date.
Girls will say yes, give their number but just to avoid awkwardiness. They don't
like saying no so it's easier to say yes and give number to then not bother later on.
So don't get disheartened. It happens.
All the best.

6.4k Views · View Upvoters

My female friend, who has a boyfriend, keeps ﬂirting with me
and touching me and acting suggestive but then ignores me.
What's going on?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She's playing you but she's not the problem. You are. Actually both egos are
playing around here.
Yeah, MOST women and girls will do that and I very well know why. Most I say.
Not all but it doesn't matter.
Yes, I know you like the attention. You like her giving you ﬂirting eye, touch,
stroke and all that BS. I understand.
But here's what you need to appreciate.
You know this...
She has a boyfriend.
Women do things for many reasons. It could mean...
A) To get attention
B) To feel they can still attract other men
C) To feel appreciated
D) To feel loved
E) Or they into the guy
Whatever it means, you know one fact here.
She has a boyfriend and you need to keep your distance and get busy
approaching other women instead. This is what we call neediness. A man
desiring a woman's attention and a woman that already has a boyfriend.
Best be busy not being too available for her and approach other women to ﬁnd
your own partner.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to impress a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated May 23, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What is the best way to impress a girl?

So my friend was like, "how man? How the hell does one do this?!?"
He was saying this while a red head walking into my kitchen with a shirt, made
tea and ran back into other room. He looked at me, I shrugged.
"NAH MAN! This is taking the piss now!"
So he told me what he was doing to impress the girls. I just listened but I also
wanted to get back to the red head. After he ﬁnished I said for him to meet me at
9pm and he will have his answer in all it's glory.
9pm came and we meet at the city centre
As we walk two girls smiling and I cheekly say something. They stopped. That's
my cue. I approached...

"What you doing right now?"
"Huh? Going out to blah blah club."
"Yeah but this club we''re going to is going to be rocking and free drinks for
women till 10pm. You might as well come."
They agreed and as we walked they saw their friends.
"Bring your friends along. They'd love you for it especially for the free drinks and
fun. Get the rest of girls on facebook jelous." I grinned.
They talked to their friends and now we got a gang.
We get to the night club and I am on stage in 10 minutes. The girls don't know I'n
in the band and my friend is about to get a shock..
"Come on, you're coming on stage with me."
"WHAT? Like hell I am!"
"Listen man. You can play guitar."
"But I have never done this before and rehearsed with your band."
"Don't worry. Just have fun. Don't take things seriously. Relax."
After getting him to agree we go to the back and meet the rest of the guys. We get
on stage and we're now dressed to kill.
It's rocking and guys and girls dancing as we play.
The DJ throws a spin with his beats too and people loving it. It's always good to be
friends with DJ's. They'll help you out a lot. My mate is terriﬁed but he goes with
it and starts to relax after the ﬁrst song.
"See!" I say, "you're a natural man. Keep going. We got 5 more songs to do."
The girls we met see us on stage and wave.
They are dancing near the front of the stage. As I sing I look at one of the girl's
and nod to towards my mate. One of them bites her lips. We get past the 5 songs
and we do one more as crowd going crazy.
The set is ﬁnished and we mingle with crowd as the DJ takes over.
My friend is dressed in leather cool jacket and one of the guys banged some gel or
something on his hair and got it spiked up. The girls we met previously start to
walk over. We get some drinks for free and we talk.
I get my mates arm and put it around one of the girls and whisper to girl..
"Watch him. Hes one of those mysterious guys but when you get to know him he's
a lot of fun to be with. You know, quiet guys are the ones to watch out for."
She gets excited.
The night is over. I walk away with one of the girl's and my mate walks away with
her friend.
It's a new day and I get a call.
It's my friend and I say....
"Do you get it now?"
"Yes. Instead of looking to ﬁnd girls, just do what you love doing.'
"Got it in one."

"So how about being in your band?"
"No because I want you to start your own."
And that's what he did and ever since, he never had much problems with
attracting girls. Nor did he spend much time impressing them either.
All he did do is made sure he dressed good, looked good, smell good and did the
thing he loved to do. Playing at every damn club he could ﬁnd.
The best way to impress a girl?
Don't impress her.
Build a life that is impressive. The rest takes care of itself ;)
17.2k Views · View Upvoters

Will it be easier or harder to ﬁnd a girlfriend/boyfriend in
College than in HighSchool?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It was 6pm and I was back in the city I used to live in. I took the route I used to
take as a teenager and I stopped for a moment. The reason?
I was standing outside school I use to go.
It seemed weird because when I was younger it looked so big. The school yard
wasn't as big as I use to think. The school itself wasn't as big as I used to think and
the memories of it all wasn't as intimidating as it was before.
In fact, if I was to go back in time as a 15 year old with the knowledge and skills I
know now....I'd probably date many girls I didn't ask out.
What changed wasn't the school. It is the same size and so was it's supposedly
large echoing doors. So was the playground.
What changed is I grew.
So when you go to college it won't be because of the college that things get harder.
It will be for the following reasons....
1. If you lack conﬁdence in school, you'll lack it in college.
2. If you didn't approach girls at school due to fear of rejection, you'd have that
too in college. It will be much worse too.
3. If you had no social skills and never took risk in regards to girls or guys, then
you will be same in college and probably worse.
So just because it's a diﬀerent environment the thing that hasn't changed is....the
conﬁdence, the social skills, the many times you didn't approach girlsguys.
Therefore, if that is true with you right now then you're better start learning now
because you're going to need it.
It be harder for these reasons and not because it is a college with lots of people.
It's harder because the person has yet to grow.
If you're not good at talking to people, girls, guys then recognise that will make it
harder for you if that's what you want to do in College.

And if you're good at the science of social dynamics then you'll be like most guys
or girls. Loners. Invisible and probably frustrated by it all.
7.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do men need to ﬂirt with female co-workers?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I know if a female co-worker likes me?

The Social Dynamics of work is a tough one but I will share how I used to do it
successfully. However, please ﬁrst make a decision on these following points as I
have to always be clear and direct when I share answers..
1. This is a work place. Do you really want to do this so close to home?
2. If it doesn't go well and she says no, you sure you're emotionally strong so any
awkwardiness happens you don't give a shit?
3. If doesn't go well after some dates and one of you break up, will impact your
work and you're strong emotionally. As well as mentally?
Since we got that out of the way here's what I did.
I didn't focus on her. I ﬁrst developed leadership in getting good at my work. I
also made tons of friends at work place. I was always the one who intiating the
following activities which made people want to come and talk to me..
A) Created going out pub together activity for people at work.
B) Birthday parties for people at work to come to drink together and party
C) Going out together for lunch
So the ﬁrst thing was about me not the women I was interested in. Most guys try
to approach without ﬁrst getting their life sorted out and their job sorted out too.
They hide in their jobs. They become like most people..
Work....go home...work...go home...work..go home....
No one really knows them or they don't really play a role in social aspect of
things. Most people are like that due to their own personality but I was shy too
and I changed because I wanted to get ahead in life. I wanted to be good at social
skills and get to know people.
So now I am known and so I invite her to one of these activities. I am taking her
out of the work element. I am asking her to one of the drinks and chill. She knows
others are going too and so she comes.
This helps me to get to know her.
I can bounce from her and to other collegues. So it's not all her. It's not awkward.
She sees I am leading things. She sees I am social creature. It demonstrates social
value in her mind.
Now, this gives me the opportunity to answer these questions?
A) Is she really the type of woman I like to date?
B) Who is she for real
And I don't do it by asking tons of questions but to be fun, sociable, tease, ﬂirt
and then I see the feedback from there.

I can then say that I know a great place for coﬀee and suggest we go out just us
two together. Then I listen to the feedback.
I will know from there if she is really interested. If she says she's busy, or she don't
know and all that - I found my answer.
The key is....I didn't do any of these for her but I did all this for my life. Even if she
says no or whatever....I still win in life. a
This is same for approaching women outside work. I ﬁrst ensured to build my life,
my world, my passion because I then don't have to talk about what I do. They can
see it. They will when we date.
I don't have to impress. They will see the world, the places, the people I know, the
bar man, the bouncer and all the rest that gives me credibility. I do it for me
anyway and woman because just a small part of my life.
All of this will give the women you date a richer experience when being with you.
Taking them to places people know you makes them feel comfortable. They also
see your passion and other values without saying much.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I am interested in a girl and she knows. We chat but when I ask
her to go out she avoids responding. What should I take from
this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That she isn't into you in that way. That she doesn't want to date you. That you're
making it really awkward for her everytime she sees you're about to ask her out.
Now, if she is playing some stupid dumb pathetic hard to get game then leave her
alone. Either way you need to leave her alone. Walk away.
Approach another girl. Keep approaching girls that you like but only give them
one chance. So if they avoid you after you ask them out....don't bother with them.
Keep going until you get a girl that says yes and date her.
The ones who played hard to get...will wish they said yes.
The ones who avoided you will appreciate you wasn't needy, desperate, an
average frustrated chump who kept asking them out. They will feel you're
diﬀerent to all the guys who keep chasing and haven't self respect.
Have self respect. Walk away from this girl and don't ever ask her out again. Don't
give her that attention again. Move all your focus somewhere else.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says hi and smile everytime after
1st meeting?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

And there she was.
Red head. Smiling pinkish lips and her gorgeous smile. Everytime I used to walk
through the corridoor of the college she would smile. She would even say hello.
She would even lower her head, look up, bite her lips and ﬂutter her eye lashes.

Then when she walked past....she'd look back at my friend and she added more
swag to swaying hips.
Every tuesday, wednesday and also friday my friend would be smiling. Telling
me...
"She's into me. She is! She is!"
So one afternoon he sees her again and she does the same. This time he stops her
and talks and tells her how he notices she is always looking at him. He tells her
that he likes her too and, 'let's go out blah blah.'
'Huh?' She says, 'I was only being nice. You know. I can smile at people.'
'Oh?' Says my friend as I rest my back on the wall.
As they talk I see a girl smiling at me and doing the same thing. I roll my eyes at
her because I cannot be bothered. Yes, I am the asshole who doesn't give girls
attention back. The jerk who only cares about one thing.
Well that's what the girls in college used to say. Damed if I do and damned if I
don't.
If a girl likes me then to hell with the signals. Although I know the majority
haven't backbone to do so.
'So...' He asks.
'So nothing' she says.
And oﬀ she went smiling as usual. Doing the same thing to another guy, and
another and another. All probably thinking what my friend was..
"She's into me. I bet she is.'
It means.....nothing.
The only thing my friend did right is this....
He approached and just get done with it. That way he doesn't assume and just
move the hell on. The mistake is he assumed. He was looking for signals.
So here's what you need to know even if you tell me all the reasons, excuses,
logistic, because she's a friend, co-worker or whatever.....
It doesn't matter if a girl smiles, laughs, dances, texts you.
I don't give a damn if she pulls her tonge out and licks her lips as she looks at you.
It means nothing whatsoever.
Until you just approach and ﬁnd out then everything else is just all in your head.
Girls smile and do all sorts for a reason
1. For attention
2. To test their feminity to attract guys
3. For social status
4. To feel good
5. To show oﬀ
6. To tell a story to their friends to be accepted and ﬁt in

7. Because they are being sociable, friendly, that's all.
But 8...'interested in the guy' will never be known until the guy gets oﬀ his ass and
approaches. Until he is direct about it with her.
All you need to know is..
A) Do I like the girl?
B) If yes...approach
The rest of all you see and assume is in your head.
16.1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend doesn't tell her male friends she has a boyfriend.
What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Keeping her options open probably or not sure about how it's going to go with
both of you. Maybe due to past experiences in other relationships and so now she
don't want to get ahead of herself.
Maybe not looking for serious relationship and by that I mean letting everyone
know you is her man. Or letting important friends know she's going out with
someone.
It could be anything or nothing.
It also could be you are so into her and she isn't into you at such a level.
Talk to her but don't hold your breath on the answer much. You know how people
are. They want to say truth but the pain, awkwardiness is bigger than the truth. So
the dance around what they mean.
However you could try to ask her.
Best communicate with her and see from the feedback. Just don't make it a big
deal and be a reason for some arguments,
10.8k Views · View Upvoters

Can I safely assume she likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

20 years ago I learnt a lesson that was about to change the way I see woman in
regards to dating. You see, here I was sitting down with girl in my house. She's all
smiling, she's laughing at my lame jokes.
Shes hugging. She's slapping my arm playful. She doing all the stuﬀ you're saying
mate.
She is stroking my thighs.
I'm like...
"Oh yeah! We are in baby! We are cooking. We're going to have a party tonight for
real!
I was so conﬁdent with all these signs women, the magazines, pickup artists call
IOI and what most guys look for. The signals.

The playing safe and biding time. Unravelling the mysteries of some cryptic
messages. You can hear millions of guys in this situation saying...
"Yep she's into me"
She pouts her lips and I lifted her chin with my hands like a Hollywood movie. We
stared into each others eyes. She jiggles her cleaveage moves forward. Her eyes
wide open and she licks her lips.
Then she bits her lower lip.
And she says....
"I met this guy you know and he gave me his number. I don't know what to do. I
don't know but I like him. Blah blah blah blah.."
I was like, "?!?!?!?!?!?!?!"
This is why you don't assume and wait to read some signals. It is why you don't
even bother asking anyone else about these signals either.
Because most women do all this for nothing more than..
1. For attention.
2. To feel she can still got it to attract a guy
3. For emotional support
4. For fun
And the only way you will ever know the 5th is you must lead.
The 5th?
If she is interested in you.
So since then - I don't look for signals. I don't ask what they mean. I am not going
to waste time. A man who is hesitent is showing he doesn't know what he wants.
He is telling the girl IF she likes him.....she isn't enough for him to take the risks.
And if he gets rejected, he doesn' regret it.
At least he won't live looking back thinking, 'what if.' He won't need to feel weak
but he will feel he is a man. He will feel he is diﬀerent to most men on this planet.
That's why I approach always without assumption and I lay the cards on the table.
Rejection is part if life but it is also a ﬁlter system that tells you that this person
doesn't get you. To keep moving on until you get to the one who does.
Be decisiveness in these matters if you want to know she's interested.
Because if she is interested she be thinking why you haven't made your move. Is
there something wrong with you? Do you not ﬁnd her attractive? Maybe he just
wants to be pals, friends and nothing else.
If she is interested you will never know until you take action. The longer you wait
the longer you leave room in her mind to assume who you are to her.
109 Views · View Upvoters

My ex is a sociopath but his new girl friend wants to be my
friend should I agree or disagree?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If he's a sociopath then it's too risky. It's too close and things can get out. One
word slip from her or him checking something out and well, you open a can of
worms.
Best you be polite but don't even meet up with her or anything. Stay as far away
as much possible because even though she wants to be friends she is with the guy.
Nothing much you can do but to be polite and not get involved physically.
I say this because if he is a sociopath then he be keeping a close eye on her in
every possible way you can imagine. From checking her phone without her
knowing or even she knows, to social media websites and all sorts.
So even if you want to be friends and yes, it's shit when someone else inﬂuences
such things but you know this guy as well as I do. I met sociopaths. He will be
checking on things in everyway he can and if you is in then picture then expect
trouble.
Just stay your distance and if things change with her leaving him then probably
after there is a huge gap. You just got to be smart and careful about these things.
You sound like a cool woman and you like to get along with people.
However, I hope you can appreciate what I am saying here. There are times you
just got to pull back a bit. You got to think about the bigger picture here and the
risks involved. If he is all over place, if he has acccess to her website, emails,
network and phone then he's going to know for sure. One way or another.
You don't want the drama.
210 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rachel Rosbourgh

If a girl tells you that you "shouldn't fall for her" while she's
drunk and all over you, what does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means she's drunk and peoplesay and do all sorts when they drunk. Then
probably regret it. Or have what we call a 'buyers remorse.'
It is why a guy shouldn't take action sexually or otherwise when a woman is
drunk. I know I don't and personally I don't go out with women who plaster
themselves. I don't care if she's friend or not friend...I just don't.
Now on something else..
If you like a girl then you don't spend tons of time pretending you don't for her to
"accidently" fall for you.
But I know most guys who do this are fearful of rejections and all the talk about
'but it might get awkward and I rather then just be that guy friend."
So there is no use me advising to tell her and all that.
Since that so then no use looking for some hidden meaning on what she said.
You're not going to approach her when she's sober and ask her out more than just
a friend.

People when drunk say a lot of things but it doesn't mean squat. Until someone is
sober and says something directly - then it is something.
Take everything a woman and anyone else says when drunk as nothing to even
ponder on. It's just words and nothing solid about it.
781 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ergberiune Jknjerhgkebrg

Do girls really fall for guitarists?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

From a singer and songwriter then it's no, if all you got is playing a guitar. Yes,
when I go on stage I am always approached by women later on because there is
much more going on....
I am on stage, I'm leading the full band and I am the lead singer.
The crowd is buzzing, dancing and going crazy. The vibe is kicking oﬀ and
feelings are high. It's jamming and when I am done, it is very easy for me to talk
to women because other women are also approaching.
When that happens my social value is high.
They have seen I know people, people like what I do, there's a large crowd and the
walls in her mind are down. I also have a badboy image too so women who want a
guy who is a rebel, who is not going to be slow in escalation and probably nothing
some long-term relationship will be approaching me.
Some I suppose probably want more but that's what I attract most of time when I
have ﬁnished singing or I am done in a record studio.
I have an easier time when I am on stage singing with a band and a crowd....than
approaching a woman in the streets and anywhere. The resistence and all the bs
is down. It's not as high as you'd get when approaching a woman who hasn't seen
much about you.
They do when you're performing. They see people know you, the owner knows
you, the waitress know you, the band members know you, the other women
pretending they know you and the some guys pretending they know you.
So it's not the guitar..
It is the perception.
The stronger the visual perception is - the more value you are seen. You are seen
more attractive but here's where it becomes a problem too....
If the artist isn't conﬁdent when woman approach and he hasn't got experience in
what to do then nothing is going to happen. I'm not a shy guy. I'm an introvert but
I have learnt to be conﬁdent with people, party animal, lead things, cocky but
fun, and believe me...I will bloody well escalate right there and then.
Years ago I didn't know what to do but as time went by I realised nothing is going
to happen if I don't lead. Yes, equality and all that but in dating, in women, forget
it. Most women just got too much going in their head to even try to move to next
base.

I am very direct when it comes to women and I do that because in doing so it
seperates you from the guy who can play a guitar but cannot build rapport with
the women. It also helps me to not fall for the mind games most people play.
Direct is what I do but it can be a double edge sword too. It can scare some
girls/women away but that's what I want. Attraction isn't a choice. You can't
please everyone so you might as be clear on what you want and detache from the
outcome.
So you can be excellent guitarist but if you are totally crap with women, boy you
will ge frustrated. If you like most guys playing safe and looking for signals then
you're in for a rollercoaster ride. It's going to be hell for you.
The advise I'd give is don't learn music for girls. It takes a lot of time, a lot of
investment, committment, work, doubts, practise, failures, frustrations and if
you're crap about marketing too...well...you're going to have hard time making a
dime.
Do it because it's you.
If all it's about is girls then don't go for music. Instead just approach tons of girls
and learn that way. If that's all you want then you don't need to play guitar for it.
You'd success faster if you just invest in yourself with social skills, build your
social network in real world, eat well, dress great, smell good and...detache from
the outcome. So don't take fear of rejection personally and approach tons of girls
consistently.
If you're not really into music because it's your passion.
As an artist purpose comes ﬁrst. Then the rest. Not the other way round. I didn't
become a singer and songwriter and all the rest for girls.
I did it because of the feeling inside telling me this is my path.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

What do you boys think it means when a girl always texts you
ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means nothing. If we haven't dated, gone out, kissed and sexual intimate then
I'm just going to see it as nothing more than her texting. I won't be wasting time
assuming anything. I don't bother intrepreting signals.
Girls do things for many reasons
1. For attention
2. To feel wanted
3. To feel they can attract guys
4. To show oﬀ
4. Social status
Then there's the ones who really are genuine and into you so they won't play any
mind games. I'd already have other girls too so I am not waiting around and I'll
focus only on one that is responding in a mature manner.
If I like a girl I'm going to be direct and I will take action anyway. If she doesn't
text, respond and plays hard to get....number gets deleted, blocked and I move

on.
Her texting ﬁrst means nothing.
Her saying yes and being on a date means something
A number is not a date and that goes for the text.
23k Views · View Upvoters

I really love her but I want to be physical and she doesn't. What
do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Attraction is not a choice.
Every person, woman and man has a map in their head. This map is their
perception of what is attractive, what is not, what they desire and what they do.
To what is important for them to survive and what is not.
It looks like this...
You............>The map in head of the woman<.......................The woman
If what she sees in that map doesn't connect with you it's not going to happen.
She won't see you sexually attracted. She won't want to be intimate with you in
that way and there is nothing you can do.
Worse.
The more you demonstrate the qualities she isn't attracted too which will be
neediness, desperation and chasing her - the more she will resent you. The more
you push the more she withdraws back.
The more you try....the more she will only see negativity.
There is a diﬀerence between pursuing and chasing.
Pursing is when she too desires you and chasing is just one person pestering
someone who has already said they are not interested in them in that way.
Now you may change. You may grow. You may ﬁnd wisdom in life and for some
reason you resemble certain qualities that she suddenly sees it connects with
you. This isn't always going to happen but it does sometimes happen.
This is why I follow this golden rule.
Always when you approach a woman you leave her better than when she didn't
know you. If you don't then you're persistence, neediness, desperation will only
create resentment, disgust and anger.
So that chance will not be there even if you grow in life. Even if there will be a
chance. It will not happen because of your own doing.
I have at times approached women and they didn't see what I saw in them. I left
them in the best way I can without any pushing.
A man of self worth will never give himself to a woman who isn't feeling the
attraction to him. When he ﬁnds out she is not interested in him then he respects

her wishes and detaches from the outcome.
He knows there are more beautiful woman than her on this planet. He knows the
planet is full of women of character, personality, attractiveness in the millions.
He knows that her saying no does not diminish who he is in the slightest.
That she didn't reject him but she rejected herself from knowing him and she
isn't wrong in doing that. It is her own free will and choice.
I ﬁnd a year later that same woman one day calls me or we meet and for some
reason I don't know - she sees me diﬀerently. She's probably dated other guys.
She probably had other guys approach her.
Maybe sometime happened to make her think about me in a diﬀerent light. I
wouldn't know but something changed.
Maybe I've changed in value, in character or whatever it is. It happens and we
click.
This has happened a few times.
That is not to say it will happen for you but the second golden rule I live by is I
never wait for a woman. I don't think that she will change or something will
happen for that change to appear.
She had her chance. I gave it my best shot and I am gone.
I've moved on because the last thing I want to do if I truly like a woman is for her
to feel awkward. I want her to feel safe, comfortable and that I'm diﬀerent to most
men she has met. That I know how to handle my own.
If I hear a no, it means a no. If I hear she isn't interested then I take it as so. If she
plays games with me it is on her head not mine.
I moved on.
It is called self respect.
The one thing women don't like is men who are needy and who acts like creeps to
continually persist.
To keep chasing isn't conﬁdence.
Conﬁdence is a man who holds his emotions in check. He does not put woman on
a pedestal. Instead he has integrity, character and he respects himself to not be
around a woman who doesn't feel the same way.
Far too many men and women squander the word 'love' like it's some word they
can easily utter from their lips when they see someone they are infatuated with. I
don't say that word easily. I know what it means and I know what it carries.
I will not give that word to any woman just like that.
Especially a woman who doesn't feel the same way as I do for her and has not
dated me, got to know me, has become intimate in feelings and sexually. A
woman who hasn't overcome many challenges with me and gone through thick
and thin.

She said no. Let it be and move on.
2.5k Views · View Upvoters

I have feelings for two guys. How will I know which one I really
love?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah yes. Choices. Choices. Choices ;)
I was at this garden and I was looking at these white ﬂuﬀy rabbits. So the guy who
was selling them asked..
'Well then, which one you want?"
'I can't make my mind up."
"How come?"
"Well," I said, "I got to choose."
He stroked his chin and then he clicked his ﬁngers like he has an idea
"I got an idea." He exclaimed.
"OK go on."
"Chase both of them and they all yours for half price!"
"You're kidding me?"
"Nop"
Even the tall blonde girl standing at the gate winked at me said, 'awwwww. Go on.
Chase them both. They need some loving."
"If I get both them you're coming home with me girl."
If you can catch both of them," she winks.
So I dive in and I chase both of them but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't
even catch one. I kept chasing but the bleeding white ﬂuﬀy rabbits started
darting like they were Ferraris. Vrrooooooooooooom. Vroooooooooooooom.
I had to relax for a moment as the tall blonde blue eyed woman walked up to me
and said.
"Look. Do you want to take me home or not?"
"Of course!"
"Then here's an idea for you....focus on one."
So I rolled up my sleeves, focused on one rabbit and went for it.
What do you know! It took a couple of minutes and walla! I caught me a rabbit
and I got the girl. Well, sort of. A 6ft 3 muscle hulk guy with tattoes up to his
kneck steps out of cafe.
'Oh, erm," she says, "that's my.....husband?'
I give her the rabbit and I ran for my life. I ran as fast my skinny long legs could
carry me. Well, what you think I am? Bruce lee did say, roughly quoting..
"If anyone said it is the dog inside the man, slap your forehead and run. At least
you live another day to get another girl."
I did say I was quoting Bruce Lee roughly. You know how it is. We all like to

rationalise things to make it ﬁt to our advantage.
But I digress....(it's the storyteller in me ;)
I didn't get the woman. I didn't get the rabbit but I did walk away with my sanity
and no drama. I walked away alive my friends and I approached probably god
knows how many women without getting my faced mashed in.
Yes, yes. I thought I was in love with each one.
Especially the gorgeous tall red head who could open a bottle with her teeth.
Let's not forget the blonde curveous girl who thought I was mixed race between
spanish...italian...and god knows what. I am none of these but....she could do the
splits while singing "I did it my way.
Oh the stories I could tell about love.
When you chase far too many rabbits then we mostly like the drama, the
excitement, the thrill of the chase and nothing more than that.
It is wonderful for the ego.
Hey, I get all that open relationship and having diﬀerent partners. I have no
complaints on such things at all. I am all for it ;)
But you see...
If you want to keep your sanity recognise the diﬀerence between love and
infatuation. If you don't - you'll attract a lot of drama, heartache and most of all
you ﬁnd yourself alone with no one to love except the....idea.
There won't be one. Two. Three or four. There be just an....idea.
13.8k Views · View Upvoters

Do guys still propose to ask girls to be their girlfriend?

 https://www.quora.com/What-should-a-guy-do-if-girl-says-yes-to-his-proposal-to-be-his-gir…
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, I don't approach a girl asking her to be girlfriend. Instead I approach with
teasing, being fun, and striking a conversation. Throughout the interaction I
behave in a manner she knows what I want. It's clear.
I am seeing if she is into guys like myself and if I can click with her. I have things
in my mind type of girl I like to date.
So I'm not just teasing, ﬂirting for nothing. I'm doing it to see where she is at
mindset wise and availability. Then if all is well I ask her out for a drink and when
we do meet I treat her as though she's my girlfriend.
I don't label it as date, I don't say 'girlfriend' and nor do I frame it anything like
that. Instead, I behave congruent (in harmony) to what I want and feel. It makes it
less awkward and we have richer experience this way.
I know if it's not going to happen on the approach and some text, or phone call. If
I ﬁnd she's not for me or she's not into me - I don't go any further. I'm open about
it to with her.

But that's me.
I don't approach and propose 'hey be my girlfriend.'
I just let my behavior do the talking and my behavior will either turn her oﬀ or
she will like the type of guy I am.
4.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Matthew Lawrence

Dating and Relationships: What do you when you want/need
space from relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters do not use any trigger words that sets tone of typical fear. That
means, do not use words like "space."
So none of this "I need space" and "we need to talk." These immediately triggers
the visual and sterotype meaning that gets the person thinking..
- He/she wants to break up with me
- OMG! There's someoone else
- It's going to be over
When you use these words in beginning it is so vague and immediately you
trigger the knee jerk reaction of survival, fear, loss, pain. The reason being is
these words are ingrained in society as a meaning that a break up is going to
happen.
Use your words wisely like..
- I need to recharge my batteries and spend sometime painting more at the studio
- I want some time to be with myself
- I need just some time to get drunk for a month
- I want sometime with my friends and that crazy nutter who wants to go driving
about for a couple of month hunting clouds in sky.
Now you need to add speciﬁcs. Let's take one of them..
- I need sometime to myself to (what you're going to do) and (how long)
Be speciﬁc. This is your partner because when you don't ﬁll in the gaps then like
what we learn in marketing and sales is all kinds of fears kicks in. You leave room
for assumptions of the unconscious mind of your partner to kick oﬀ.
Like..
- Oooh, he needs time for himself? I bet he's having an aﬀair!
- He wants time to have some fun with the scretrary does he
- Oooh she wants time to be with some ex I BET! THAT'S IT ISN'T IT?!?!
- Time for what? Some threesome? A holiday aﬀair? What is going on?!?!?!
And suddenly the brain goes nuts..
"I'm dying here! DYING! SOMEONE HELP! I can't believe this is over. OMG! The
world is ending. Aliens are invading planet earth. We haven't even eloped, had
children, divourced and got married again. What about growing miserably old
together? I'm drowning! It's over people! OVER!"
You can stop all that drama by being speciﬁc...

Let your partner know what you need, what you're going to do and how long it's
going to be. You need to be clear on why you want time and remove negativity
threatening words like..."I need space," and "we need to talk.'
So take it from there.
Discuss your needs and get the concerns out there.
Sometimes all the preparation in the world will still have the other person see
something else. They may argue no to you wanting time to recharge your
batteries and it may mean that it is time to go your own seperate ways.
Hopefully this will help to make the moment more positive and you both see eye
to eye. You agree, hug, laugh about it.
You might even ﬁnd your own partner replying..
"OMG! I was thinking the same thing as you! I just didn't want to say anything
because you I thought you'd go all Rambo and I'd end up being Kill Bill Ninja
style on you."
1k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend stole my supplements because she thought I was
having too much and I would get fat. She gave them to her
sister's boyfriend. I bought more. She took them again and gave
them to another friend. I got angry. I told her "we need to talk."
She sent her parents to my place to set me straight. Should I
dump her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 22, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I come back from the gym. I think, something’s missing. I wonder what it is.
My shoes!!!
Look, I know we men don't have like 20 pairs of shoes but I had 5 pairs of shoes
and three trainers. They were all gone!
I was like....
'What the hell is going on? Do we have these borrowers in my house. Little people
taking my stuﬀ and using them for their small underground homes....'
(I have a wild imagination. Bear with me. I'm an artist and a crazy one at that).
Then I get a call and it's her..
Me - Hey, you know what happened to my shoes?
Her - Yes, I gave them away to my brothers and blah blah
Me - Hahahaha. Ok, joke over. Where are they? I’ve got to go out.
Her - Like I said. I gave them to my brothers and my brothers friends.
Me - WHAT THE HELL? YOU SERIOUS?!
Her - I dont' like these shoes you wear.
Me - They were ok when I met you and grabbed your ass! You didn't say a damn
thing about them then
Her - Yeah well it was dark and anyway I think you need to buy new ones. My
friends boyfriend buys new ones and...
Click. I slammed phone down.

I then looked for all her shoes. Every one of them and put them in a black bag.
Then took them to charity shop and gave it to them.
She was back in the evening.
Me - Can I see the keys for a moment ( I take them and put them in my pocket)
Me - Oh you got a lot of shoes haven't you?
Her - Huh? Wait!
She rushes to looks at the empty cupboard case in corridoor.
Her- MY SHOES! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY SHOES.
Me - Oh, gave them away to girls I know. They liked them too
Her - You ?!?$?%?"?!?"?£?£?£?"?"!?!
After the shouting she walked out and slammed the door....and I never saw her
again.
I ordered pizza and a drink of cola.
Put my feet up and I was like, 'this is the life.'
41.5k Views · View Upvoters

What is the key to attracting girls in college?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Being yourself.....won't help you.
I know, I know. I'll get blasted about this and I always do and it's ﬁne. I'd advise to
think for a moment on what I'm sharing before you do. It took time to go into
detail. I could have made this shorter but you can always print it out.
Think about this....
If you was approaching your sister and then you approach a girl in college - would
you behave the same way? Would you behave the same way also in an interview
for a job you want by being yourself or would you:
1. Figure out what makes this company tick
2. What is their motivation for hiring such a person for the role?
3. What are they really looking for and what dissappointed them?
4. More information about the company, it's vision, purpose, how it started etc.
5. And would you not learn the skill, the knowledge they need BECAUSE being
yourself is all you'll ever need. That they will understand and later equip you with
what is necessary because you're character is the key?
Would you walk in there without doing any of this work?
Would you say to interview panel, 'this is such a stupid question! Come on!"
You won't get the job. Someone else will who did what I am saying and more.
So when you hear, 'be yourself,' is a paradox. It is very contradictory to how it is in
the world we both live in.
I for example didn't teach all my cousins and people who wanted answer to be
themselves because I knew it be like sending guys on a mission with bows and
arrows. They'll be facing automatic machine guns.
So I'm going to share from my perspective. Take it as you will. It is your choice

and it is your life and it is you who feel the brunt if you avoid what I am saying
here.
The school, college and university is all about the psychology of social dynamics.
In fact, everywhere you go it's about inﬂuencing in a visual sense. It is about
understanding the environment you're in.
In that environment will be many inﬂuences that dictate the behavior of the
masses. All of whom have a perception. They see the world in a certain way and
they have fears.
So, if you think being yourself is going to help then understand if you approached
a girl and you didn't know what I know....you will never date. You will never get
laid because there are many other factors at play.
This is what you're going against..
I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to date me. I told him I
don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it is too fast. He told me it was okay
but never contacted me again. What does this mean?
Girls will test you. Girls will do all sorts of games and yes, we hate games but see
the world for what it is and not for what you desire it to be.
Don't blame me and kill the messenger. Blame all the years before you and I ever
were born. When so much social conditioning has happened to such girls, women
fear to show they are sexual, that they do like a guy and to even say they do. That
fear comes from years of brain washing even with guys regarding modesty, shame
and many social stigma you will be facing.
So imagine you don't know this and half of what I could share. You think it's all
because of you that you just cannot get a girl. That it is all about your looks. That
is all about you not having money. That it's all about your face, your legs, your
hair, or no hair and all the things which is...............your...self.
And so you become confused.
You ﬁnd yourself lose a lot of self esteem. You begin to judge yourself. You begin
to believe you are not good enough. The paradox of being yourself.
But if only you learnt there's much more and you learnt to ask...
1. What inﬂuences, motivate, persuades girls in college
2. What's they fear and the barriars they face when it comes to dating guys
3. How does it impact them in their social world in and out of college
4. What can I do to demonstrate the attractive behaviors which I ALREADY have
and know how to project them.
So let us imagine that you do go beyond the average male does. You learn
something amazing. You learn that.....
Girls pre-select guys.
It's about survival.
The key to attraction is in the DNA of the girls and so they will gravitate towards
that which they value the most. Now if you know what it is they value and what is
most important speciﬁc girl or girls you learn a great deal about human behavior.

You learn about the ideals of the girl, her fears, her obstacles, desires, her values,
her culture and the culture of this environment.
You look at yours to see if it's a match.
You have discovered...in an instant, the moment you are seen girls will perceive
you as a certain type. Her brain like everyone else has ﬁltered, labelled,
categorised you into a box. They look at the way you dress, who you hang around
with, are you alone, are you nice guy...asshole....jerk...trouble.....lovertype.
All from just looking.
When you walk into a night club women s have already seen you and catgeroised
you as what type of guy you are.
Remember this word...
'First appearance counts' but that is only the beginning and yet it is important.
However, what's most important after that is you are in harmony by the
appearances you project. All that you are, do, behave and associate with must be
congruent. In harmony.
If not, then you let her unconscious mind assume who you are.
So if you're a guy all alone, if you're not some leader of the pack and if you don't
know how to inﬂuence people and all this is demonstrated visually - then it
impacts the approach already.
If you was seen right now by the girl you liked and she saw 10 attractive girls
pursuing you then don't you think her perception about you changes?
Perception is truth for people.
That includes the girls you want to attract.
If the people she knows, the girls she admires says, 'Oh this guy is awesome. He's
so damn cool and fun. We trust him,' wouldn't she see you diﬀerently?
She would rather believe her friends than you because her friends are the source
of emotional support. Her friends is her assets. Her friends is her life blood and
for most girls their friends can inﬂuence to say no to a guy they like.
They would rather walk away in a nightclub with friends than be ostracised if the
girl is not strong enough herself. Not all girls are like that but the chance of it
happening is big. It happens a lot.
If for example, you was a product and someone said to you right now..
"Don't worry. The product is enough. You don't need to market it. It will sell itself.
Just put it on the shelf and it will sell in the thousands.'
Do you think you're chances of success is very low or very high?
You'd be broke before you know it. You'll be banging your head on the wall
wondering how your product isn't selling because it is so good.
The reason being is this..

"It is not about being found because there are many guys in front of girls. They all
can be founds. Girls can go anywhere and she'll see some guys hovering. It is
inﬂuencing them that saying yes to you is going to be one of the best decisions
she made. It's going to be exciting, fun and it will be amazing for her.
If I can go back in a Time Machine and get all those people who advised me on
being yourself, I would. Then I'd get them to go through the hell I went through ;)
I'd probably have avoided many of the mistakes I made in past but it's all good
because I can share deeper insight.I see why it is ﬂawed from real life experience.
I know why guys have a hard time with dating and in social life in general.
My advise if you really want to know then understand the answer to your
question is not one thing. Yes, it will lead to the source called survival but then
again you must understand the bigger picture to know how to apply it...
1. Learn psychology about girls when it comes to dating
2. Learn about what inﬂuences, motivates, persuades them
3. Learn even the basics of psychology to undersand more in general
3. Learn what you need to change to be better at what you are and do
4. Learn the psychology of social dynamics in diﬀerent enviroments such as
school, college, university and even night clubs.
Each one must be dealt, prepared, planned, organised in a diﬀerent way.
Then when you done..
A) Increase your sexual appeal. Your dress, grooming, smell, clean hygience.
B) Hit the gym and get training. Look good in your clothes
C) Find a passion and get good at it. Build a world around.
D) Approach girls and as many as you can to learn. That is it.
Be the guy who knows and takes action.
Then you'll know what conﬁdence really means and how to demonstrate the
attractive qualities that girl you want is looking for.
This doesn't mean you will attract every girl you want but you will make your life
easier for you. You will even give a richer, fulﬁlling, valuable and amazing
experience to the girl you date. You will understand where she is coming from.
You appreciate her point of view in life and the many challenges she has to
overcome as a woman. Even if most girls says no - you will leave her better
than....when she didn't know you.
Or you can follow the advise of being yourself and ﬁnd yourself lost in its
paradox.
The choice is yours and I am only sharing what has changed my life and others
who know me for the better.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I just met this guy. He said he really likes me and wants to date
me. I told him I don't have any special feeling for him yet, and it
is too fast. He told me it was okay but never contacted me again.
What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Feb 16, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yeah, I get it. Most of us guys get it. Boy do we get it. So much so we think most
women are tapped in the head sometimes. Most.
It usually goes like this....(the image below is just an image I made not the real
conversation from my phone).

Once I approached a woman I know from friends. I got to know her a little and all
was going great. So I got her number and after a few text message I called.
I was direct and asked her out.
She said - Well, erm, I got a boyfriend you see.
Me - Oh, cool. Hey, it's ﬁne. You take care and it was great meeting you anyway.
What happens next should be made into a god damn Hollywood drama movie.
This is how it went....
Evening the phone rings..
Her friend - Hey how you doing Adam?
Me - Oh great. Just going out though
Her friend -Ok but what happened with (name)
Me - Nothing. Why?
Her friend - She said you showed no interest. I thought you liked her.
Me - Huh? I asked her out. She said she got a boyfriend.
Her friend - She hasn't got a boyfriend. She was wondering why you didn't
persist?
Me - WHAT?!?!
3 hours later...
Another of her friends - Hey Adam I thought you two were good for each other.
Me - What you on about?
Her friend 2 - You know (name). She was all talking about you for 2 weeks.
Excited.
Me - (confused)
Me - But she said she has A BOYFRIEND!!!
Her friend 2 - Yeah but all girls say that....you know...
Me - No I don't. If a woman says she got a boyfriend, she has a boyfriend. That's
how I take it. What the hell. You and your friends are crazy.
I swear, this went on for sometime and it turned me oﬀ with her so bad, I never
wanted to ever date her. Ever. If that's how she was then, man, forget it.
It was like this.....
Her - I wanted coﬀee.
Me - But I asked if you wanted a drink but you said no.
Her - Yeah but you know, I really meant I do want coﬀee.
Me - What YOU ON ABOUT? I asked and you said you didn't want any?
Her - But I really meant yes.
Me - ?!?!?!?!?!?!
When we guys hear no, or got a boyfriend, it means no. It means for us to keep our
distance. It means the woman is not interested because I have tried persisting
before and I had enough of the BS that comes with it.
You know, some women want attention.

Some want just to feel they can attract a guy but nothing. Some want to drag the
BS along for a little longer.
But it doesn't wash with me or many guys.
A no is a no.
So I don't call a woman who doesn't call back. I don't text anymore if women
don't text back. I don't wonder about signals....what if and how come. I don't
wonder if she might be interested or if I should push it and try again.
I don't mean to sound arrogant but...
The world is full of women. Amazing women. Women of passion, purpose, goals,
ideas, creativity and values. By her saying no...it has now freed me to approach
other women and I saw it as her being honest.
So awesome. I can move on. I mean, no one in their right mind will say no when
they mean yes - and yes to mean no.
2+2 = logic!
But you see sometimes logic has nothing to do with what is going on. It's
emotions, fears, insecurities, perceptions and a whole lot of stuﬀ I cannot see in a
woman's head. All I know is to make sure she feels safe, comfortable and I am not
over stepping her boundaries. That she knows I can move on and walk away.
That it's no problem for her to say no or yes. It's ok if I get a no. I'm a man. Strong
enough and have higher purpose to let rejection get me down. I'm solid, rock
solid and I'll take a no as a no.
When I hear no, when I see or I don't get much of a response, when I hear any
word about boyfriend, or ex boyfriend then like most guys we move on. I see it
that if I try anymore I am making the woman feel uncomfortable.
I have self respect and I got to move on.
Playing hard to get may work on some guys but for guys who got self worth and
got a lot going in life.....they move on.
The woman got asked, she said no and I haven't got a court order over my head
because I didn't take no as...no.
That's why.
388.9k Views · View Upvoters

How do I show/prove to my boyfriend that I love him truly, and
I'm not all these bad things he thinks I am, and I don't do all
these bad things he thinks I do? How can I get him to believe
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't. He is projecting his own past experiences and his own insecurities on
the relationship with you. Trying to get him to believe is hard work and
personally if someone doesn't trust you then there's no point being in a
relationship with you.
This is jelousy and posessiveness.
It's due to his own low self esteem and he's own lack of self worth. If he believes
that everyone around him will turn on him and if the girlfriend he's with is doing
something behind his back then nothing in world is going to change his
perception.

The only one who can do that is himself.
I personally won't want to be in a relationship trying to prove how the woman can
trust me. If she cannot trust me then ﬁne. Best we depart and she can go her own
way. I go my own way because life is already diﬃcult.
This road will lead to a lot of pain because jelousy and possessiveness is very
toxic. It grows and it never ends. You're always being suspected of something.
One day you're talking to some guy and he thinks you're cheating.
Next minute you're talking and laughing to think it's all about him.
One moment a guy is looking at you and he thinks something is going on with
you and that guy. It never ends. It keeps going and suddenly you ﬁnd yourself
always arguing about something he thinks you've done.
It is perception. Unfortunately perception is someone else's truth.
It comes from way back before he even met you. It can take years of therapy and
conselling. It can take less. It can take so much energy or it can take less but the
deciding factor is him.
I doubt it will change no matter what you say or do.
So it's really up to you.
If you want to always walk on eggshells in a relationship, being manipulated and
feeling crap about yourself then go ahead. I personally won't stand for it. If I'm in
a relationship and I get accused of things I didn't do then there's the door.
The person can leave. I'm not going to tolerate such behavior.
117 Views

Why doesn't my crush say hi?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question is really, why don't you go up and say hi because you are infatuated
by him. He is not with you. If you like the guy then you say hi to him.
You need to appreciate that guys also fer rejection. They fear girls being bitchy,
frowning at them and everyone else sees that happen to him. In school and
college it is known for girls to have a bitch shield and so much so with attractive
women in society.
So guys are very cautious to even say hi, hello, how you doing etc.
You're going to wait a long time for a guy to approach you if you're not
approachable. Next time, smile and give good eye contact. Show your interest and
make it easier for him to get to know you by saying hi to him.
Or you could ﬁnd yourself end up like most girls and guys who leave school or
college to always wonder, 'what if.."
5.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dana Cabera

What does "taking a break" really mean from a guy's
perspective? Is it the same for a man regardless of age/maturity

level? Is this code for something else that's obvious to men, but
missed among women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 8, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let me get my black book for a second. Here it is! So let's go through the list and
bear with me as I get to the one you mentioned..
'I'm not looking for a serious relationship = I'm not into you
I am so busy right now and so much going on = I am on Tinder, OKcupid,
Plenty of Fish and other dating websites.
Work/business has been pretty crazy this month = I don't know or sure I'm
into you. I just got to ﬁgure you out a little more. You scare me.
I cannot date you because of the rules in our company = You just not my type
I'm so busy = you're not a prioriy
Let me think about it = You're my stand by. Let me get back after I had sex with
more girls
Please don't be oﬀended if I don't reply to your text = you make me feel so
damn awkward and I am so not into you. I gave you my number because I can't
say no. It makes me uncomfortable.
Don't think we're dating that this means sex = I don't want you to think I am
too easy and I do this with all the girls I meet.
You're beautiful."
Ksss....Kssssh. This is headquarters. Ksss....Kssssh. We're testing the waters here.
Hopefully she responds back with validation. Roger and out. I have found my
balls. Repeat. I have found my balls.
"You're so sexy."
Just tell me you want to meet me right now, at your house and I'll be there
faster than John Travolta can scream GREASE LIGHTNING"
"Sorry. I wrote the text message, but I forgot to hit 'send.'"
I need some validation here. I need to know you're still into me. You are, aren't
you?
"Taking it slow is relative."
Well that didn't go down too well. One step forward and......10 step backwards.
What did I do wrong?!?!
"You never dress nice for me."
Let me see that ass more. I mean come on. You got the ﬁgure girl. Just ﬂaunt it for
me baby. Flaunt it!
Takes a few days to respond...
I am so excited about her but I can't show it. I can't let her know. Pretend I am
so busy BUT I want to text her. I want to tell her. Damnit! I'll leave it for one more
day and reply back. I don't want to scare her oﬀ and show I'm needy. She says
she wants to go slow
OMG! Look at this....
"You're too cute." I've got the hots for you but I got to use a safe word here. I
don't want to scare you oﬀ. If you continue to respond then I know you're
sexually adventureous as me.
Oh here it is..
I need to take a break = I have seen this hot sexy girls everywhere. It's like I

haven't lived and missing out on this. Got to try but I'll be back soon if I am not
having too much fun.
Special Bonus Da Da Daaaaaaaaaaaa!
You and that guy seem pretty close to each other = I'm jelous and hoping you
say he's just a friend because I'm into you. For the love of Pizza's everywhere that
love us to date and eat them....say he's just a friend! SAY IT! DAMN YOU! SAY IT!
32k Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Should I text him ﬁrst again? Please
read details
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're ratinalising that he got a girlfriend as an excuse. That's not his excuse. It is
yours and it's all in your mind.
It is obvious he's not into you and you need to move on.
1. He already said the debate team rules say you can't date. In other words, it is
him politely saying, 'I'm not attracted to you but I'm being nice in saying no
this way so it doesn't create awkwardiness.'
He said it that way because he knows you're in the debate team and so he doesn't
want some conﬂict and awkwardiness. It's same with girls who say things like
that to guys when they don't like saying no outright.
So the excuse is the 'the rules of the debate' not the girlfriend he is dating.
2. He doesn't respond in sending you text ﬁrst because you are not a priority and
he is not into you.
3. He has a girlfriend.
So no. Don't continue texting him and listen to the feedback which has been very
clear. That he's not seeing you in that way and he's not putting any eﬀort.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I really like this girl, but she's a friend (not really close,
though).We spend time at school together and she's in my
league.What can I do in order to be together with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You may need to read the answer I gave in this link below...
Adam Taha's answer to How do I tell a girl I like her and tell if she likes me?
It's best you are congruent to how you feel without confessing love, and any of
those romantic feelings most guys like to get oﬀ their chest.
By being congruent I mean being in harmony of how you feel and behave in that
manner by approaching her and showing your interest. You will need to take the
risk and be clear about it but also avoid making it awkward for her.
Also there is no such thing as out of league or inside one's league.
I don't see an incredble attractive woman and think, 'she's out of my league.' I

don't know her. For all I know she might have a bitchy attitude and her values are
messed up and annoying as hell. Nor do I think she's in my league because I don't
think that I am higher than anyone else.
I just see everyone as human being who will kick the bucket, become dust and
that is that. So be in a positive mindset than focusing on labels. Don't put anyone
on a pedestal and think of them as nothing either.
So what do you need to do next?
1. Approach her and ﬂirt, tease, be fun. Be light hearted for a bit and strike a
conversation. Don't compliment and all that. She will have got that from many
guys. Instead just converse but be fun. Relax.
2. Then after that tell her that you wasn't sure about her but the more you got to
know her you like her. Mention what it is you like her. Don't mention her look,
her ass, her titts and all the dumb founded nonsense most guys say.
Instead mention her traite, her personality, something you see about her i.e. her
conﬁdence, how she knows certain things and how you didn't think she was like
that but it's great you found out. You will know if you really converse and listen to
her. If you really take interest in her.
You'd be amazed at the information girls share with guys and guys just don't pick
up on the things girls sharing. So pay attention and listen.
Then be direct and clear by asking her out. Let know you know a great place to
check out and you'd like to go out with her to see it.
But more than just friends. You got to make this clear. Don't use words like 'hang
out.' You need to be clear so she knows.
3. Now listen to the feedback. You will know there and then if she feels the same
way as you do. If she doesn't then relax. Smile and say, 'hey, that's ﬁne. I found
out what I need to know and we know where we both stand then."
Don't make it a big deal.
But if she is interested then lead....
3. Give her your mobile phone for her to add her number and you get hers. Then
talk to someone and agree that you'll contact and sort something out.
Sorted.
84 Views

If a woman calls a man a creep all the time, talks badly about
them in front of others and acts as if they're a disgusting insect,
would men still like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Contrary to some beliefs or whoever believes that crap on how if a girl treats you
like garbage because she likes you - I would say HELL NO.
Why would anyone who has self respect want to even get to know a girl like that?
Only someone who is needy, desperate and lacks self worth will want to even
bother wasting time with a girl who does that.

So the answer is no. Of course not.
359 Views · View Upvoters

Is this the sign that he met another girl? He was very into me.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Man you messed up there if you really wanted to show the guy you're interested.
Let share some sound advise...
I met a woman at a festival and she give me her number. I thought we hit it oﬀ. So
I later texted her. She did the same as you did.
Don't get me wrong. I did like her. I liked the way she looked and he shy
personality. I wanted to get to know her but probably because I'm very conﬁdent
guy, cocky and fun that maybe being shy it was too strong for her.
However she did repond but...
She seemed to play hard to get and she also slipped it with telling me she's like
that. I don't think she realised what was saying but I did. I felt she was
manipulating and probably just wanted attention.
I thought I'd give her a chance because I heard from her friend she is so shy.
I kept texting and she would wait for 4-5 days to respond. Always very short and
ﬁll space with 'hahaha.'
Well, I had enough because she wasn't opening up. I felt she was either playing
games, hard to get or just insecure. I felt if this is what it's like with shy girls then
I'm not going to keep doing this.
I was even direct with her in asking her out but she still didn't answer straight.
So I stopped texting.
I deleted her number.
I moved on.
That's what happened to the guy who was texting you.
You didn't show proper interest and you didn't reply in a way to show you are.
Instead you probably followed old wives tales, mainstream magazines and
websites on howplaying hard to get it will keep the guy chasing.
You just found out it it doesn't work on many guys. It can on insecure, needy and
desperate guys but most have now caught on.
You've also lost the opportunity to know someone. He probably got sick of you
holding back and moved on.
I know I did.
If you're interested in a guy then show it. Don't play games. If that's what you
were doing then you will frustrate the guy and he won't want anything to do with
you. Playing hard to get is immature and it shows to us guys what can happen

later.
If a girl is like that now then she will be so much drama later on.
Text him back and be honest..
'Hi. I was thinking about you. You know a while back I was just nervous. I do like
you and I'd like to get to know you. Can we start again?"
See how it goes from there.
65 Views

Dating and Relationships: What did this girl mean when she
said "I'm not looking for anything" after dinner?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In other worse...there was no attraction.
She doesn't want something serious or another date.
On ﬁrst date keep away from..
1. Resturant
2. Cinema
Reason I say this is because it's so common for guys to do this. That's not a time
on ﬁrst date to sit for an hour or so for eating. It's to walk about, talk, have some
fun, see something, show her around.
Use opportunity to walk about, give her some experience, have fun, chill. She
went with you on a date but it wasn't stimulating for her emotionally. There
wasn't any attraction and so she felt she needed to say it in her own way.
It didn't click for her. It happens.
I suggest to approach someone else and move on from her.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys message you back on time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If they just guys and a guy isn't dating you then...
Because you are not a priority.
They are not that into you
They got better things to do
They can't be assed to do so
Get bored easily with texting when it goes nowhere.

Now if the guy is really into a girll and knows it's going to go somewhere then he
probably invest such time and priority.
However, you need to appreciate that guys have had tons of girls pratting about
with their time, playing hard to get and it goes nowhere. So they are not going to

suddenly check our phone everytime it pings and answer straight away.
If in relationship...
Probably busy, doesn't have phone all time with him.
If you want to talk anyway to someone just call.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Should you tell girls you meet that you've been cheated on
several times if you have?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. Keep all that dark talk to yourself. You're not going to do much good for
yourself if you do say that to them. It will only work against you.
Always talk positive about yourself. I don't mean brag about job, money but just
don't talk down about yourself. These things you keep yourself and way from
dating. You don't need to say anything about your past experiences with ex.
Focus on the girl, bringing a rich, fun and amazing experience to her instead of
negativity about your past life. Make her feel, "wow, it was great being with him. I
like to meet him again. He's got his his shit together for real!"
Leave that in the past because girls don't want to hear that kind of talk even if
they ask. If a girl talks about her ex, believe, I shut her down. I don't want to hear
any of that. She is with me not with her ex.
You are with the girl not with your ex.
So no, keep that kind of talk way out of the equasion.
168 Views

What do girls do, once they know a guy likes them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

EDIT.
Since you added more details I can now give a more valuable answer.
Do not give her anymore time. Do not text her, call her and approach other girls.
She is now playing you. She is not interested or she's playing hard to get.
That's what's going on here.
She knows you're chasing and she knows other guys are chasing. You need to now
do diﬀerent to all these guys.
1. Do not give her anymore attention.
2. Do not let her hug you either. She does, tell her, "hey, don't touch the
merchandise. Only reserved for girls I date.
3. Don't hang around her and spend your valuable time with her.
4. Approach other girls and date them. Let her see you're not waiting around for.
She has had her chance and now you move on.
Move on.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I asked a girl out for a drink and she said she didn't feel
comfortable with just the two of us going. Should I suggest
something diﬀerent, or is she not interested?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not easy answering your question because I don't know if you just went and
asked her out without ﬁrst building comfort. It can be anything.
It can be that you moved way too fast and didn't ﬁrst get to know her while still
making your intent clear and then gradually leading to a date. This can be done
by ﬁrst exchanging text, phone calls to build comfort...trust.
Or it could be she isn't really interested in you. It could be a red big ﬂag saying she
is not really into you because if she was - she would have mentioned an
alternative. Like getting to know her ﬁrst by phone, email or text.
When it comes to dating women there could be many reasons and it is very
diﬃcult to know because I don't know her.
What I would advise is don't wait on one woman but approach many. It's true that
it's numbers and you will meet many women who will reject but some who will
say yes. However, you'll unfortunately need to approach many women.
If your social skills are not up to par then don't worry.
Just keep approaching but before asking them out - do it gradual. Try to ﬁrst
strike a conversation by starting with attraction. Be light hearted not seious.
Calm her nerves down and talk to get to know her and she experiences your
personality.
Then lead to geting the number and get to know her by phone or ask her out for a
day experience not evening. That way it's in full view of a crowded people and she
feels comfortable about it being so.
3 Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok for a young woman to not want to be monogamous? I
feel like there is so much pressure to get married but I cannot
stand the idea of a long term relationship.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you're taking about socially accepted kind of thing then there is still stigma not
just with women but also guys. So if you try talking about it and be real open in
society then you'll ﬁnd yourself being ostracised by society.
Ths is why most women, majority won't approach a guy for even traditional
dating relationship because of social conditioning. The stigma that to do so is
being a slut, a whore, too easy. For a woman to sleep with many guys will be
frowned on by many in society.
It's same for guys too because you'll hear women using words like - player. You'd
even see in Quora where the idea a man approaching an attractive woman and
calling it picking up a woman is seen as 'OMG! you such a bastard, perv."
So if you're looking at what society accepts - I think deep down you know already.
There are no rules and all that regarding marriage and being in long-term
relationships. I believe there are many types of relationships and none are wrong.
They just diﬀerent for whoever feels it's for them..

- One to one exlusive dating
- Long term one -one relationship without marriage
- Traditional Marriage
- Open relationship
- Fuckbuddies
- etc
I have not put these in order of importance. Just a list.
You can have as many relationships you want and in the way you want but just be
honest with the person. I think that's what you need to really take care of. The
honesty part when starting to with someone and not hide it. That way they know
where they stand. The reason is also they maybe looking for long-term
comittment. So best to be honest with person so they know.
You'll ﬁnd some are ok about it and some are not but that's not your concern. You
just be honest with them from day one.
EDIT. erased some confusion here that's why I like this community. Thanks
to Zuleika Smith.
They help out and ask questions politely about an answer. Thanks Zuleika!
Continued...
If you want threesome or date multiple partners well, just you know, be careful by
being discreet but also sexual precaution too.
I'd advise as others have said here to not advertise to everyone you meet
regarding this. You'll ﬁnd people easily love to judge, label and ostracise like their
perception is your reality when it's not. It's theirs.
The world we live in is very harsh. It is a brute and it will try to pound you to the
ground.
230 Views · View Upvoters

Do social games on Facebook improve social skills?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. If you want to improve your social skills you need to participate in the real
world and converse with people. Technology will never replace social skills but
they can be an advantage when someone has the social skills already.
Like anything else whether - the additional systems or social games on apps on
any kind of tools are only eﬀective due to the individual existing skills.
For example, if someone isn't good at marketing, sales and people social skills
then just because he/she has access to technology doesn't mean they'll succeed.
You need to know psychology, knowledge of the language of inﬂuence and
persuasion.
I know many people as an example in business who don't have social skills,
marketing and sales experience. They haven't skills in writing to motivate,
inﬂuence and persuade. They don't know how to engage an audience but think by
creating a website and using social media will solve the problem.
They ﬁnd themselves struggling because the social online world is no diﬀerent to

oﬄine. It's just fast to see ones mistakes, ﬂaws and behavior.
To improve your social skills you will need to learn, invest in knowledge, skills
and go out in the world to engage people. You will need to ovecome challenges
and overcome social pressures and obstacles within the social world. You will
need to overcome your own fears, prejudices and how to response to other
people's perceptions.
All these tools online are but additional resources and shouldn't be seen as ﬁlling
some void in lacking social skills. Rather you need to go truly invest time to get to
know people, ﬁnd your interest and passion to participate in the outside world.
You'll learn much faster and you will face challenges that much of these games
won't really reveal real life situations.
326 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my female friend come up with some excuse not to
come to my wedding?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The possible reasons could be..
1. She doesn't want you to get wrong idea about you and her.
2. She doesn't want other people to assume anything regarding you and her
3. That weekends and days of these weddings are reserved for her most important
things like meeting girls friends, relatives and time for herself.
4. You're a friend but she sees herself high social value than you and that you're
not that important for her to take action, leave certain things to attend a wedding
of people she doesn't even know and with people who she won't give a damn
about anyway.
5. Maybe all the dates of these weddings happen at a time when she just cannot
make it.
6. Or she's this hot sexy pole dancer and all these weddings happen when she
makes more money dancing in some lap dancing club ;)
As you can see....it can be anything and only she will know the answer.
287 Views

How do I tell a girl I like her and tell if she likes me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do you tell a girl you like her a lot?

You don't. That's what most guys and even girls mess up in. They see someone
they like and ﬁll their head with the idea of love for this person.
However, all it is - is an idea.
Why? Because all the information are based on assumptions. They don't know if
the person is ok in personality, if the person is interested in them too and if the
person wants to date them.
Your mindset needs to be at a level where you don't go oﬀ confessing feelings,
love, romance and any such sort in the intital beginning stages. That includes
sending letters and being cowardly in telling someone else to do it for you.
You approach to ﬁnd out if you can get along with her and also if she also feels
same way as in wanting to get to know you. So what's the use confessing anything

on how you like her a lot when you don't know she's into you yet?
What's the use when you don't really know her.
You may think you do but you haven't dated her, got intimate with her, been
alone with her not as friends but as a boyfriend. So everything you know and see
is all based on just an idea and nothing else.
Telling a girl you like her a lot is not conﬁdence.
Sorry but that is bad advise.
Conﬁdence is approaching immediately and showing interest. You don't hesitate.
You take immediate action. It is leading but it is also holding back your emotions
to ﬁrst see if she is into you too.
You want to see what she is like. If you approach with an idea of how you love her
then the infatuation will blind you to avoid seeing something you need to see.
You will miss certain things that mean a lot to you.
You won't listen to information you can use to make the interaction an amazing
experience for both of you because you got her on a pedestal.
I know I did in past relationships and believe me it was hell for a while until I had
enough and left such women behind. However, I learnt my lesson very fast and at
a young aged. When you're infatuated and all it becomes is lust then you do not
see things that go against your values.
You may think this isn't important but believe me after you have had dated, had
sex, got intimate then you will see the truth of someone. You will see what you
avoided to see and you may ﬁnd yourself in a bit of situation.
You may ﬁnd she's a bitch. You may ﬁnd she don't give a damn about you. You
may ﬁnd a lot of things you didn't see and you could have if you just saw dating
for what it is. To ﬁrst know the person you want to be with.
It becomes hell if ever you married.
Your mind and body is equipped with tools to help you avoid pain. However, if
you are so infatuated by her then you won't even listen to your gut instinct. You
won't listen to most of us here either.
You won't take time to ﬁnd out more about and observe her. You won't ask real
genuine questions to see what her values are. You will only see what you want to
see and this is how many young men and women get hurt.
They get hooked on the look and think because a woman or man looks pretty that
they so nice. That they are so awesome. Yes, it happens and it's part of psychology
and way we are but if you're smart you keep your emotions in check.
You'll base your information on facts than assumptions.
You won't fall fast into someone without seeing things clearly. Dating can do that.
Dating is a way to know a person through time before diving in so fast. However,
you need to act immediately to ﬁrst see if she is interested to get to know....you
too.
Conﬁdent men keep a check of their emotions and don't emotionally invest until

they get a clear idea who she is.
So what do you do?
1. Approach and hold back all the feelings you want to say
2. Strike a conversation and make her feel comfortable
3. Tease, ﬂirt, be fun and show you're interested in her by your behavior.
4. Then lead conversation to swop numbers.
5. Later text and lead to a date.
6. Know what you want in a girl and see if she has these qualities. Don't just look
for her attractive face, body but her personlity. Look for her attitude towards life.
Ask questions to see where she is coming from. Don't agree to everything if you
don't agree.
Speak up but calmly and show her you're not some guy who will get walked over.
You can do this in a politely fun way.
Don't make hasty decisions. Go back home and reﬂect and listen to your gut
instinct.
Leave all these aﬀectionate stuﬀ alone for a long while because when you do
share it too early, like in the beginning - you are making it very awkward for the
girl.
You're putting her on the spot.
It's very selﬁsh to go to a girl and tell her how you feel just because you want to
get it out of your chest. Also, it is not believable.
Think for a moment...
She doesn't know you that well. She hasn't earned such feelings. She hasn't hasn't
emotionally invested in you nor invested in time. She hasn't done anything of
such sorts for you to confess your feelings.
So it's not easy to believe and it will creep her out.
You need to be mature about this and see it from the girl's point of view. Keep
some mystery. I'm not talking about playing a game but keep these things to
yourself for a while and get to know her. Let her slowly get to know as you date.
Remember, this is a stranger. You don't spill your guts out to a stranger. Give it
time and keep all these personal stuﬀ way back.
Then after many dates, you got intimate and even sexual, then you can share
some thoughts about your feelings towards her. Not too much. Just enough for
her to see a little of who you are.
Then it becomes believable and she will feel great as she will feel you learnt all
this by being with her on dates.
But if you do it instantly then it be real awkward for her.
Let he ﬁgure you out for a while as you date but ﬁrst....get to the base one.
Approach, strike a conversation and keep it light hearted. Don't make it serious
the way most guys try to.
Be fun. Relax and make her feel comfortable too.

20k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

How do I tell a fat girl that she is fat?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like attractive girls. A guy telling her she's attractive isn't new. She already
knows and heard it many a times from guys.
So like the girl who you see as fat - it won't be new. You're not being smart telling
her that. Your not going to change anything by doing that. Instead you'll be part
of the problem throwing insults at her.
She knows she's fat and probably had a hard time from people. She don't need
someone else telling her she's fat.
Just leave her alone. Don't go insulting her because words hurt. You might think
it doesn't but it will hurt her.
Say something good and genuine to her or don't say anything.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a girl out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Dating and Relationships: How should I go about asking out this girl?

Don't worry about money, car and all that.
I dated a lawyer and I didn't have a car. She did but we went on bus, walked about
the city and had an amazing year together before she ﬂew back to America. You're
overthinking this a lot.
When a girl is interested in you and sexually attracted to you then these things
don't matter. They may cause little challenges but it is your attitude and hers that
matter in this situation.
You just don't make it a big deal and she won't make a big deal if she's mature
about it. Just lead, go on a bus, make it a day and not apologise about it or make it
a big deal. You need to walk together a lot, get to know each other and a bus is
ideal for sitting, holding hands and talking with each other.
So relax. This is all good.
If she's into you - it won't matter.
Now that's out of the way...approach and ask her out.
7 Views · View Upvoters

Have you ever (or know someone who has) sucessfully reunited
with an ex?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It looks like you're looking for some reasons to get back to your ex or hope. That is
why you're making conditions here on who should answer.
That's not a great way to ask a question.

I have not gone back with ex and not all cheated, not all were abused in their past
either. It's just that we've done it and it hasn't worked. So what's the use going
back to the same thing all over again with the same person?
Planet is full of new people, new women to meet and I rather not go back to an ex.
The only reason someone desires so is because they haven't moved on and they
lack of options in life. They haven't got a great social life and haven't the social
skills. Probably not very good at approaching new people.
So they linger on thinking about the ex and start fantasizing about it. They see
where they are. They see they are alone and the emotional attachement becomes
so strong because like thoughts - if new thoughts not replaced then all you got is
this thought of the ex. It gets stronger and stronger.
However, if a person approaches many people and lives life then they'll meet
other new people. They'll be excited of a new start, new experiences and they
won't be lowering their standards.
You seem to desire hope of the past a lot. You seem to look for answers and hope
that it can happen for you from what I am reading in the question. Like you're
desperately needing it to happen and when desperation is what it is....then it's
not a good thing.
That doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
I have seen others go back and even later marry. So of course it happens in life.
People are diﬀerent and some want familiarity. People want that person again
and I suppose it's more comfortable or there was something there.
Whether it works will depend on both parties not because it happens.
578 Views · View Upvoters

Why did a guy stop texting me, when we used to text a lot? He
just stop answering me suddenly, so should I text him again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Apr 26, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you like the guy and if you texted back and forth with him but both didn't take
action then it will get boring. Texting is a low investment tool and life is very
busy. If I ﬁnd a girl isn't responsive and she is just not wanting to go out and date
then I just move on.
I literally stop. I won't be spending too much time texting a girl if it's going to go
nowhere.
Probably that's what happened.
If you like the guy then don't wait and just text. Try also to move to talking on the
phone and leading to meet face to face. Use texting as a means to lead to a goal
which is to meet face to face.
You don't want to say everything by text but leave such things for when you are
together face to face.
33k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Faeghe Rostami

I like a girl in school but the only way I get her to notice me is by
tripping her up playfully, (she responds with laughter) do you
think we could end up together?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't ﬂirt and tease too much or you'll be seen as a dancing monkey. A guy who is
just playing around and not really interested in the girl. Teasing, ﬂirting is ok but
there is a time for it and you need to transition to next base.
You need to approach her, show interest, still be fun but ask her out. So stop
tripping her up and start talking to her.
Then ask her out.
That's when you'll know for real if she's into you.
192 Views · View Upvoters

What's the purpose of doing music?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I write songs and sing, I'm an artist. The purpose for me isn't money, though I'm
good at making money. It's because it makes me.....feel alive. I love it. I don't care
if there was no one listening to me when I walk on stage. If all those people didn't
turn up last week for my gig, I won't stop doing music.
I won't stop writing down the instrumentals for each musician to do when we
walk into recording studio to rehearse and put the track down.
I certainly won't say like most do on these TV pop competitions..
"OOoh, this is my last chance. If it doesn't happen now, well, Ooooh."
I do it because it is...me. It's purpose is for me to express everything inside of me,
through music, songs, words, and when I do, I feel alive.
I feel like at peace. I feel happy.
Everyday, I pick up the guitar and writing the music, the melody, the lyrics. I can't
help it. I've always been this way. It's never been a question of asking..
'Why. What's the purpose.'
The purpose then isn't for world or a number one, or money, or even asking why I
do it. I just do it because it is me and it makes me feel more alive than anything I
do in my life. I am battling as well to get to a certain level to be able to bring all
that I hear in my head and it's not easy.
I love it more than painting, more than writing stories, more than content
writing, more than a job, more than even being with friends.
I pick that guitar up and sing, I'm gone. I'm happy. I'm feeling alive.
If I were to explain it with one word it be - freedom.
483 Views · View Upvoters

how do you know when the right time is to make a move on a
girl
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. - William
B. Sprague

There is no such thing as the right time. This is your own fears that are
whispering you to not do it until all is certain. You cannot be certain about such
things and so you need to take action immediately.
The only two things in your need to be are:
1. Am I attracted to her?
2. If yes, you approach immediately to...ﬁnd out more about her.
See it that way.
You're approaching to ﬁnd out if she goes with what you want in a girl. It's not
one sided only if you see it that way. You're going to approach, converse, ﬂirt,
tease, and see if she has the personality that you desire.
If she has and you see she is clicking with you then ask her out.
If she isn't willing then you found out what you needed to know. You now move
on without investing emotions, thinking and time. Immediate action saves you
from a lot of headaches and frustrations.
Remember the quote I used...
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
- William B. Sprague
Yes, the fear of rejection is what is getting to you but go through it. Whatever
happens...is going to happen but it will happen quicker. Then you can move on
faster.
799 Views · View Upvoters

How do guys deal with their crushes?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You've already answered your own question.
"as i never approach them"
Until you take action and stop playing safe then nothing is going to change. You'd
do the same in college, university and through most of your life.
It's down to you.
Step out from the average frustrated chump mindset and go for it. So what if girls
reject. Your life won't end. The world won't end. Girls won't dissappear from
planet earth. You're ego will get hurt a little but you'll also be a few step ahead of
many guys who just do nothing.
You'd also know what to do whenever a time comes for the girl you really like and
by that time you got experience under your belt.
Just don't approach asking her out and add "...if you want to."
Be conﬁdent in yourself.
6.2k Views · View Upvoters

I Still love him but I think he hates me, how do I get him back?

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to move on. This isn't about you but his own insecurities and it is the
reason why girls are not upfront from guys. It's diﬀerent if you were still in the
relationship you cheated or if he did same.
But it's not that at all.
So don't feel guilty and see it as your fault. This is his insecurities not yours. If
you have seperated then it isn't his business or concern what you did in that
break. When you both broke up then you could go out and date whoever you
want. You weren't exclusive to him and using 'rebound' is just an excuse to blame
you for something else.
However, what we see is there's more to it. There are other things that went on in
the relationship which adds to his decision.
I'd distance yourself and respect his space.
He said he's done. So let it be done. There is nothing you can do from now. It will
only aggravate him. There's too much negativity and so distancing yourself will
be the best option for you.
It is logical to try to communicate, text, call and chase but it will only make it
worse. Just distance yourself and I'd also advise give time to yourself. Instead of
dating someone else....give yourself time for yourself.
Go out with friends with just a mind to relax, have fun and breathe.
You'll be ok no matter what happens.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

How do I meet a girl?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Like anything else you want in life - you have to be proactive in doing the work.
It's not going to happen by looking at girls and wishing for it to happen. Girls also
won't approach you.
It is very rare.
You have to do what most guys won't do which is approaching the girl. Planet is
full of girls and I'm sure wherever you go you'll see girls.
Nothing stopping you approaching a girl and strike a converstion except fear. The
fear of rejection. The need to be accepted and validated by others which is a
growing challenge you will need to face and overcome too.
So you need to be consistently putting yourself out there and being proactive in
approaching. In doing so you will learn a lot about yourself. If you're honest with
yourself then you'll learn to know how to sort much of the obstacles that are in
your mind.
It's that simple.
You go and do the work.
1. You see a girl you like.

2. You approach
3. And yes, you'll probably get rejected a lot.
But that's how you grow your conﬁdence, learn, grow, and know what works and
what doesn't work. You'll also ﬁnd that much of what you heard about girls, about
dating from friends, relatives, society is nonsense.
You won't know until you go out there and do it often.
Have the attitude of not giving up and detaching from the outcome of a yes and
no. Just approach and get good at that for now.
512 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make my girlfriend forget her bad past of obsessing
over me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She feels betrayed? Sorry mate but she's entitled to nothing. Probably projecting
much of her past experiences from other relationships on you. You're
relationship was over and she had no right to even think she can say who you can
date and what you're doing with your life.
She's very manipluative and intentionally self sabotaging the relationship
because she isn't interested in a relatiomship. She is interested in playing a
victim. Sucking the life out of you.
The only betrayal happening here is to herself.
She's in love with the idea of controllong you, manipulating and probably
struggling with depression. Who knows but I won't tolerate such behavior. I'd be
done with all this drama and moved on.
You've been very patient and caring but you need to know draw the line. You
cannot fall for her drama and she thinks she can keep doing it.
Set boundaries by talking to her. Let her know that this cannot go on anymore
and that there is nothing for you to feel guilty about. You weren't going to wait for
her or anyone for that matter.
You moved on and she didn't. If she doesn't stop playing about making you feel
guilty then there is no use being in a relationship.
She might as well pack her bags and go.
You had every right to move on, date whoever when she was out of your life and
she was! Nothing to be guilty about.
You don't want to be in a relationship that is built on guilt, manipultion and going
back into the past. You moved on and she hasn't and she is blaming you for her
betrayal to herself.
824 Views · View Upvoters

I asked this girl out, she said yes, we're both busy this week
because of thanksgiving, I asked her to the next week, do I wait
for her to text me about next week?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let go of the neediness mate. Neediness is when you're make someone else's
opinion dominate yours and by that, I mean you fear on what the person might
think of you.
Let the neediness go and don't be afraid to call her.
Pick up the phone or text her, because a week is a long time, keep the iron, ask
how she is, have a conversation, and show you're interest in her.
Or what will happen is awkwardiness and she might even see your lack of
communication as a lack of interest - and even - create awkwardiness to not meet
up. It can cause confusion.
Communication is important.
So here's what you do...
1. Keep the attraction going. Text something funny and short. Then end it with,
"how your week going?"
This is called 'Pingining.'
2. Let her know you have made plans and sort time out with her. It doesn't have to
be something fancy. Stay away from resturants, cinema's. You want to enjoy each
others company, talk, get close kind of thing.
3. Pick up phone and talk. Probably near end of week.
902 Views · View Upvoters

I caught hard feelings for a girl and shes acting odd? Check my
comment for details?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to ask yourself, what do YOU want from this relationship. I know most
will advise to be patient and all that but it is always from my experience, that
something went side ways from day one of the approach.
If you approached and didn't escalate from beginning, and was too slow, if you
was too nice and I don't mean chivalry, but I mean playing safe, then she is now
dictating how it goes instead of you leading.
Right now, you want more and personally, this is just me, but I'm not the type of
guy who dates a woman who isn't willing to be intimate sexually. Most will say I
am an asshole, a jerk. I really don't give a damn. That's my terms, my core values
and it is what I want and so I will let her know by my behavior from day one.
Looks like you didn't and if you did, you let her still dictate, knowing full well,
you want much more.
Understanding somethig.
I'm not talking about entitlement here. I'm talking about what you want. You
want a platonic dating relationship because that is what you got. Or you want a
more sexual relationship.
But understanding being with a woman doesn't entitle sex and rather be with a
woman who IS SEXUALLY attracted to you. That's what I am saying here because
right now, you're not with a woman who is...sexually attracted to you for

whatever reason she has.
I'm going to share something with you to appreciate what I mean.
So now you got a choice.
1. You either be patient. You know she won't open up soon. You know she isn't
willing to even talk about being intimate sexually. She either has had bad
experience, or she don't want to have sex with you. Whatever it is, it is there and
you need to decide if you're willing to keep dating her.
2. Or you walk away and approach a diﬀerent woman.
You need to be honest on what you want and ask yourself if you're willing to walk
away. Nothing wrong with walking away. It doesn't make you a bad person or a
jerk as most like you to believe.
It is what it is.
I'm just being blunt with you but this is the relationship you're in.
As you said, it is causing you a lot of stress but that is because you're not being
honest with what you want. You want to stay, orbit around her, waiting for her to
decide or walk away.
Choice is your mate but me, I would have already walked away long ago but that's
me and people can call me whatever they want. It's none of their concern. It's my
life and life for me is far too short in waiting for someone to decide they all in or
not.
699 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jason Gerald

Do girls/women like muscular guys/men? Do they prefer them?

 http://ﬁtnessrxformen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/FITRX-SCULPT-YOUR-SHOULDER…
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 10, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They can like all they want but ,you see, there's a lot of diﬀerence between liking a
guy and approaching him. Big massive gap!
Here's what's missing....
There was one this fat guy and most women wouldn't bother with him. But there
was something about him.
Something even guys with that body haven't got.
He walked on dance ﬂoor and just hit it, went dancing and all girls were ignoring
him. He didn't give a damn. He had this attitude that he is here for fun and he is
not going to let rejections pull him down.
I was watching from the stage, as I was working with the DJ.
He kept going and after 40 mins of not giving up, something happened. It was
one of the strangest things I have ever seen. I have never seen this happen but
here it was happening before me.
Suddenly one woman, attractive at ﬁrst ignored him, but later she turned round
and started dancing with him, laughing with him, and he went for it. Made her
laugh, made he smile.
Her arms are around him and his around her waist.

On the dance ﬂoor, they were kissing, making out. Grinding real close together.
Now this didn't happen just once.
Two weeks later, I am with sex friends and I told them about this guy and what
you know! He was there again, doing it all over again.
My friends watched and the same thing happened again.
He hit the ﬂoor and again danced, and women would not bother with me. He kept
going and again women just ignoring him. After 35 minutes, of not giving up, one
woman turned, started dancing with him. Soon she was laughing, smiling, and
his arms were around her and her arms were around him.
What happens next?
Same thing. They kissed, made out, hey were dancing grinding together very
close and walked out with each other.
We came back a week later and he was with this same woman, dancing.
What did he know?
He knew, much of what he has right now cannot be changed in an instant but he
can work with what he has right now.
He approached and didn't think the look is the ONLY factor.
If I waited for a woman to approach me, I'd have to wait till hell freezes over. It is
very rare for women to approach guys. Sure, they'll go for the big jobs, go for goals
in life, do sports, hit the gym, look sexy, attractive, but when it comes to dating....
it's very rare to see a woman approach a guy.
In fact, most will self sabotage when it happens too.
Most see that has playing hard to get but women do go through some emotional
craziness when a guy approaches them. They want to say yes but a million things
kicking oﬀ in their head and mess it up.
So you can be muscular but if you don't do what this guy did, take action,
approach consistently, and not take rejection personally - it won't happen.
You can look damn good but it won't happen.
She'd have to be like my sisters, very conﬁdent, very masculine in their approach
to life. They like a guy and they will approach even if 10 women are around this
guy and ask the guy, "do you go out with any of these girls?"
And if he says no, they'll take his hand, walk him out of the group and talk to the
guy, ﬂirt, tease, and ask him out.
So work with what you have. You can do that right now.
Remember that guy who didn't let anything stop him and just walked into the
night club like it was his.
38.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Thomas Mart and Quora User

Dating and Relationships: Do you think she likes me? Or am I
friendzoned?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Read this..
Adam Taha's answer to Should I keep trying for the girl (crush) whom I have been
loving for more than 2 years because in future she might understand my feelings

about her and accept me?
Friendzone. No one puts up in any zone. You do that to yourself when you behave
in an unattractive manner by playing safe, lingering at an idea of a girl in your
head, not making the move, orbiting around her, and not taking action.
Guys who complain about the friendzone put themselves in there. It is by
choice because you can either take action to..
a) Find out ﬁrst if she is into you and like to go out and date you
b) Find out she isn't and move on.
As you can see, where you are is due to your own lack of action. She and any
woman on this planet has no power of putting anyone in any zone and same with
guys too. It is by choice of the individual.
You're looking for signals, some clear sign instead of being clear, direct with your
intention. That's due to fear of being rejected. which is understandable but you
need to appreciate something here.
She will also fear rejection, has some insecurity challenges as you do and won't
make the move if she is or was interested. I say 'was' because most of the time if a
guy doesn't make a move fast, then the girl has already realised you might be into
her but you didn't make your move.
This demonstrates you lack self conﬁdence.
It demonstrates you are intimdidated by her. It also demonstrates that you think
she is higher value than you and when you do that - with survival basic instinct,
most girls do not date down but up. So you might have missed the escalation
window because you waited too long.
Instead of wondering if she likes you because you cannot read her mind and no
can I, and no can anyone here....approach her and ﬁnd out.
Anything else is but an idea of her you fell for and it's all in your head until you
take action to ﬁnd out.
524 Views · Answer requested by Tim Howard

I held a girl's hand. Next time we met, we looked into each
others' eyes. What does a girl feel and what can she tell by
looking into a guy's eyes?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget over thinking because that's what you're doing. Just focus on the girl and
have some fun. It's hard enough just having your brain go whrrrr with your own
thoughts and now you want to read her mind.
Now you got to worry about thinking for two people.
Forget all that - and just - focus on the girl, talk to her, enjoy her company, get to
know her and anything else, all that romantic stuﬀ is in the action not in the
reading her mind.
I don't look into a girls eyes wondering what she might be thinking. I'm more
having fun with her, than looking for acceptance, validation and wondering if she
is into me. She's into you, cause she's with you.

Now forget all that and have some fun.
Or you can also do this, "what you're thinking about?"
Now that she'll tell you truth anyway but there we go. Less brain power ;)
446 Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask a nice but nerdy/shy guy out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Picture this for a moment - he's a nerdy guy, studying...studying...studying.
Doesn't spend time with people much outside in world. So, not only does he lack
much social skills but he's also shy.
Quadrupel this with the fear of rejection, approach anxiety and insecurity about
romantic stuﬀ like women, dating and romance. As well as how it just doesn't
happen to a guy like him.
Add on top the social pressure and his heart stop beating if he asked a woman
out. All those words in his head on how he's out of her league and what if it
becomes awkward. Many thoughts that even a stronger conﬁdent guy has but the
diﬀerence is we just approach so don't live in regret or thinking,'what if.'
He worries if she says no - how is he going to cope with the awkwardiness when
he sees her everyday in class? What if she tells everyone and her friends? What if
he gets ridiculed, stared at or be that guy who likes this girl but she rejected him.
So you're kind of expecting to send subtle cryptic supergirl message that only
batman can read but he's not batman. He's not even robin. He's that guy that if
someone says he is the chosen one....he'll always question why him.
It be like so many movies that get on my nerves where the guy always wonders,
'but I am not that guy. Me? Superman?'
And I want to slap the guy and say, 'For pete sake man. Give me these super
powers. Forget this wuss. I'll not question why me. Come on baby! Give me these
powers. Stuﬀ the spiderman wuss complaining about it all!"
I know, I know. It's psychology. Moves love playing the nerdy shy guy becoming
the Alpha or the superhero who saves the day. Never happens in real life but hey,
we love the underdog........when he or she wins.
There you have it.
You have got your work cut out for you. I can go on a cruise around the world and
come back and he still won't make a move. probably trying to solve the
mathematical formula for how time warp back in the past to be that cool guy.
It's like having a shy guy walk into the middle of a football stadium and he takes
the microphone. Like a badass he says...
"Listen all you lot. I don't care but I like this girl and I am asking her out right
here! I'm going to tell her she's cute. Where are you! Oh yeah, there she is. I..."
Not going to happen ;)
Hell will freeze over before that happens. The whole world united in peace before

that happened. I got mates like him. A girl just says, "Boo!" And they like
fantazing about it for years and never make a move.
Oooh she looked at me. What does it mean?
Her leg touched mine. What does that mean?
She ﬂipped her back and looked at me. What does it mean?
He head turned 180 degrees like a ghost. What does that mean.
You know where Justin Bieber got the idea of his song
"What do you mean?"
Songs, movies, romance novels have been written about this. Oh yeah. People will
be brave just watching, reading because they love to experience it knowing full
well they never will really be in danger.
But this for a shy nerdy guy is danger.
It is collosul.
It is like the world will end if she says no. It is like the earth will swallow him up.
He rather have Zombies rise from the dead and cut him up into a million pieces
before he gets a rejection.
Ask any guy and he will tell you how terrifying rejection is.
Forget the subtle messages. I swear, if ever there was one thing I'd say to ever
woman to not do is giving subtle messages. Even a conﬁdent guy will look at a girl
and think..
"What the hell is wrong with her?"
"Is she interested in me or is she playing with my feelings?"
"WAIT! OMG! She's one of those attention seekers. I bet she is!"
Like women when they get a guy like me who is conﬁdent and know all the words
to say. Never knowing I had to go through shit being who I am today and
overcome many obstacles. But no...she will think..
"OOooh, he's a player."
"He's one of those."
That is why I am direct but I most times, damned if you do and damned if you
don't.
My advise is keep it simple.
Just walk up to him and say, "You know, since I got to know you, I really have
grown to like you. I like to go out with you for a cup of coﬀee. How's
wednesday or thursday like for you?"
Then take it from there.
He might get nervous. It's alright. Just relax. Say it again so he isn't thinking it
was some dream or he was seeing a hologram ;)
Be clear, direct because even for the conﬁdent guy, we have no clue what you
woman saying with your subtle messages. I rather bang my head on wall that
ﬁguring out the signals women give these days.

I don't trust signals because they can be very decieving, for attention, for just
ﬂirting for fun, for validation, or to feel she can make a guy go all nuts.
Be direct. You'll save yourself a lot of time and headache. It will also save him a lot
of frustrations because he won't make a move until....he's...100% sure you are
into him.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it true that other guys won't date anyone for the sake of not
spending money? Or because they think they don't have
enough money to be in a relationship? Do other guys have this
mindset?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it can be an issue for some men not all, but some. Such a man might be
thinking as an example, that he lives in a big city.
It's a big city and the girl might be living somewhere else. Let's say 2 tube train he
has to catch and let's say he hasn't the money. That's what he be thinking. That he
won't be able to travel to see her and it be embarrassing for him and he won't
know what to do. And she might see him a lesser of a man because she will be
travelling to see him.
This is just one example but others can be, he can't have fun with her, take her
out, go out and eat together. So this can play in some guys minds too.
Like I said, not all men but most men will think about these issues.
675 Views · Answer requested by Leslie Banks

Should I keep trying for the girl (crush) whom I have been
loving for more than 2 years because in future she might
understand my feelings about her and accept me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You think someone who loves something or someone, keeps it to himself? Do you
really think someone who loves, is going to wait for 2 damn years?
No, you love the idea of her.
The reason why you didn't make your move is needinesss:
1. To be accepted.
2. To be validated by someone else
3. That someone else opinion of you than your own is more important.
The truth is you fear rejection. That she might say no if you approached. To have
everything so perfect.
But you see, it doesn't work that way.
In all the things most guys and women, girls complain about jerks, they always
miss this point.
They have conﬁdence. They don't give a damn about anyones acceptance. They
don't want to be validated. They see their opinion about themselves more
important than what a girl and anyone thinks about them.

They believe they worth what they go for and they don't put a girl on a
pedestal, worshipping her. Instead, they approach now, immediately so
they don't emotionally invest time, thinking, eﬀort on a girl who isn't into
them.
You in other hand have invested two years on an....IDEA.
It's all in your head until...you take action to arrive at a conclusion that:
a) She likes you and says yes to going out with you more than just a friend.
b) She isn't sexually attracted to you, so you move on.
However, you haven't done any of these actions and instead fell in love with just
the idea of her in your head.
You don't know her. You have not dated her. You have not heard her share her
deepest desires, kissed, held her, became intimate, had sex, overcome challenges
together.
And yet, you've invested emotions, time, thinking about the idea of her.
You love the idea.
It is all ego and ego is fear and that is what you have.
Make you're move but understand she may already know and you might have
missed the chance due to your neediness.
473 Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask a girl whether she feels irritated or not when
talking with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No because this is your own insecurities, neediness and has nothing to do with
her or anyone really.
The reason you want to ask is because of neediness...
1. Be accepted.
2. Validated by her.
3. That someone else's opinion about you is more important than yourself.
Be self conﬁdent mate and stop overthinking about these things. Relax or you
being all touchy, all deep, all this "do you feel irritated by me" will make her feel
awkward, and probably, "what the hell is wrong with this guy? God, he's such an
ass kisser."
Don't ask people what they think about you especially girls. Be conﬁdent. You
don't need no one's validation, approval. You do need to believe in yourself and
that you got a lot to oﬀer and that is why people sit with you, and girls talk with
you.
Now if you think you got a problem with neediness, seeking people's approval,
acceptances, to ﬁt in and be accepted, then you need to work on you silently. You
need to read more, develop social skills, communication skills.
That's down to you but don't go oﬀ thinking doing this is going to make you look

so cool, so charming, or impress her, because she might see it very diﬀerent. That
you are a guy who is very insecure about himself.
A guy who knows himself don't ask such questions to girls.
Work on yourself because it looks like you got some work to do with your own self
conﬁdence and neediness.
816 Views · View Upvoters

What should a girl do when she knows a guy likes her and she
likes him as well?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know about other guys but there is one thing I admire in a woman when
she does this. Honesty. She walks up to me as she has been, but this time she
says...
"Adam, I've got to know you and before I wasn't sure but now, I really want to
know you not as a friend, but more. What you're doing this week so we can go out
for a drink or coﬀee?"
She'd give me her magic smile, brush her hair aside, and even (this is just me),
place her ﬁngers on my hand and her eye contact will seal the deal.
It be great that happens but hell will freeze over if most women would ever do
that because they fear like most guys about rejection, and hanging on to the self
assuredness and importance of what someone else thinks about them, and the
opinion of others.
I have done that though many a times, and it only didn't work twice and I
respected their decision but...I moved on afterwards, fast. Life too short hanging
around someone to change and well, I got a big busy amazing lifestyle anyway.
So be direct.
If you're at college or school, cause you're using the world 'girl' then approach,
and isolate the guy away from crowd, just say you want to talk to him about
something and want to know what he thinks.
Then tell him. You don't need to touch or do anything I do. I'm a cocky fun guy
and I do that to screenm out women who are not into guys like me. It's done on
purpose and it works very well for me. I have to say that beause I get tons of
women on here and girls saying it won't work on them, like they are only one's
girl/woman on planet and everyone is same.
Just tell him you got to know him, you like him more than a friend. If he's into
you and has the balls, he'll take it from there. If not, well, you found out your
answer and you don't have to waste time waitin on someone like most do.
Life is far too short.
Go for it. Let go and approach.
Use your charm, smile, eye contact, your personality and say it.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

If you have eye contact with a girl several times for months
does that mean that she likes you or it's just happening
accidently?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

'Several times for months?"
Man, you love making it complicated and gullible for punishment, aren't you. I
only needed something to happen once not several times and I changed, to take
action instead of looking for signals.
I was at a british citizenship ceremony, in London Wandsworth and saw this
blonde girl looking at me from a distance. We were waiting on second ﬂoor before
ceremony starts,
What did I do? Nothing.
She kept staring, straight at me. What did I do nothing?
Even in que, she kept looking back at me.
What did I do? Nothing.
That's ego, loving the attention but you see, playing cool and ego doesn't do
anything. It doesn't get you the girl. It doesn't get you what you want in life and
sure, like most women, who complain but really love the attention, it later hits
you hard and you wish you went got it.
When ceremony was over and we got the photos, she was gone.
London is a very big place. To ﬁnd someone, with no name, no contact number,
nothing is very hard. It can be impossible and I did try everywhere online using
social media but nothing.
Later, I had all kinds of amazing ways I could say, and do, but it was too late.
The feeling I had afterwards was a feeling I never want to feel again. It didn't
make me feel like a man.
I rather have gone through 100+ rejection than felt what I felt later on in weeks
that went by.
Since then, since that one time, I never hesistated, even if a woman had a guy
with her. It could be a friend, a brother. Even if ones who look at me have a group
of friends with them, or it's in a tube station, or on bus, or in streets, cafe,
whatever. I approach immediately instead of looking for signals.
You were looking for signals for several months, playing it safe, waiting for clairty,
certainty, the right moment, the accident that suppose to happen - and yet, I
hated that feeling of weakness, lack of masculinity, feeling a man just once.
It only needed to happen once.
You're doing that because it is easy for her to appear due to you mentioning this
has been going for several months. However, imagine if she disssappeared and
you never know if she would say yes or no.
It will haunt you for a long time.

No mate. You don't look for signals. You go for what you want immediately. You
approach her immediately.
It is what I do now everytime and I don't give a damn anymore about social
pressure or if she says no, and all the fears we have. I just act fast before my brain
starts giving me excuses.
1. Keep eye contact for 30 seconds
2. Get up
3. Approach
Done. Get it out of the way and make any damn excuse and say hi, converse, ﬂirt,
tease, and get her number.
This is being honest with one's feelings.
So look, if you was my best friend, if I knew you I'd say this too you and I'd mean
it too and it will hurt a little for me to say...
Don't make the mistakes I made. Even if you get a rejection. Take action always to
know the truth of things so you can move on. It's not going to just happen. That's
fantasy. Romance novels and Hollywood nonsense. Just take action immediately
when you see her and detache from the outcome.
We are never completley ready. No one is.
21.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Arkojit Chatterjee

What should I do about a complicated relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's easy to believe the other girl doesn't like him. Girls say a lot of things to avoid
competition moving in. Or they get too emotional and start telling everyone who
they like and other girls move in and complain how their friend is now dating
someone they like and their friend knew.
Best thing is to wait and see what happens with him and this girl.
You're chance came and unfortunately, you blew it due to what you said about
being nervous and parent issue. The pain, or what you thought as pain was bigger
than the guy and so you decided, you're fear was more important than the chance
of dating this guy.
Nothing you can do now until he isn't dating and forget about the dance. Go and
approach another guy or wait and see what happens to him and the girl - without
interfering. If they break up, well, then you can do something about it.
266 Views

What does it mean when girls tell me I do too much philosphy
when I speak to them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

In other words you're boring the girls, too serious instead of ﬂirt, tease and ask
the girls out. They are not into talking deep. They get all that from class and
medicore life which they pretend is exciting with their selﬁes.
Be diﬀerent to other guys and keep the serious stuﬀ out of the equasion. Be fun,
be bit daring and yes, make your move.

317 Views

I have a feeling my eﬀorts for getting out of the friend zone are
futile. Am I wrong to not want to have contact with her
anymore?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it's only futile if you don't get that this friendzone is where you put yourself in
it. It is all in your mind. She sees you as a friend, part of family member and all
that, and nothing else.
But you see something else.
No one leads anyone anywhere except by their own permission, desperation,
neediness, desire for acceptance and validation.
Let me give you an example...
I met a woman and she gave me her number. She only had to say something
dumb, and play hard to get once for me, to delete her number and move on. And I
knew, because of experience, instinct, and dating experience, that she won't be
calling and guess what?
She didn't and that conﬁrms to me she wanted nothing more but attention,
probably got a boyfriend stashed somewhere or she wasn't really interested and
was just being polite.
Even when it's a woman who is a friend.
I make opportunity for us, only once. I am direct and if she doesn't move her ass,
if she plays hard to get, if she doesn't take the step, and believe I don't hint, I
make it clear - then I leave it alone and move on.
The zone is when a guy or woman, isn't direct, looks for signals, and if he is direct
and she plays hard to get - they still there chasing, trying, orbiting, being there,
always available. Thinking the person owes them something, owes them to date,
owes them to love them in a sexual attraction and romantic way.
But no one owes anyone anything.
Guys who talk about being in friendzone put themself there.
They chase, they be always available for her, they don't bother approaching other
women, and orbit around her, call, phone, text, and all while deep down they
frusrated because she won't budge, won't make a move, won't say yes but when
some other guy comes along, hey no problem. She's oﬀ dating him.
When a guy is direct early one, he will know if it's a yes or no.
If no, he can move on fast.
That's how he gets out of the zone...he created himself.
366 Views

How do you make a guy answer you if he blocks you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't. There is a reason the guy blocked the person. So it's best to respect
their decision and leave it as it is. And anyway, why would anyone want to even
try when their action shows they don't want to know.
So best leave it alone.
I know if I blocked someone which I have done so to a few, I don't want them
tryin to contact me in any other way. I expect them to just buzz oﬀ and leave me
alone because I don't click with them, they annoy me, and I really don't like their
mentality to want to chat.
So one moves on and leaves it be.
401 Views · Answer requested by Dragan Ivanoic

What does it mean when a girl who obviously likes you tries to
lie and tell why you couldn't be together and then tells you the
truth? She believes that if we get together, she would destroy
the relationship because of her history with guys. She hasn't
tried so how will she know we won't work?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Prove to her? Come on man. Prove to her what?
I know this will sound harsh but sometimes, sometimes guys need to hear this.
You said, 'I won't leave her.'
Listen to yourself. She is not your girlfriend, you haven't got her, she's not
someone you manipulate, twist to like you. Like it's your choice when it's not
really. Attraction isn't a choice.
She said to you already, gave you all sorts of excuses/reasons and you still don't
walk away.
Instead, 'I won't leave her.'
Then stay and zone yourself in that vulnerable place where guys later bitch and
whinge about being friendzones, and post on quora about how can they get out of
friendzone - when really they zoned themselves due to the unattractive desperare
behavior.
When I want to date a woman I don't want some hassle already, baggages, and all
that. I don't need to prove a god damn thing to a woman. If she cannot see who
she is talking to and if she tells me about all the reasons why she can't - then she
can go, bye, bye.
It's called self respect. It's called knowing yourself worth. It's called not wasting
time on someone who tells you why they don't want to be with you, and be part of
your life.
You don't want to leave her.
You haven't even got her.
So no, I'm not going to tell you how to prove to her.
I'd say move the on. Leave her alone. She got tons of things to sort out with her
own life than some white knight wanting to save the day. She has issues and this

is before she even dates you. Imagine how it be when you're together, dating. She
be back and forth, with all sorts of insecurity issues.
When you start something, life is already damn hard mate. Life is already
diﬃcult. Life already hands you problems and you want to now date a girl who
got some insecurity problems, who opened her mouth about some experience
with guys, who projects her past experience on you, and then you want to prove
TO HER?
Don't BS yourself about not giving up.
If you don't believe me, take a look at the thousands of guys in that pathetic place,
rationalising how they must keep trying with some girl, and a girl who will date
and sleep with other guys than them.
There is pursuing and there is chasing.
You are...chasing not pursing. Move on.
30 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Khari Morgan

My girlfriend cheated on me with her ex. She regrets it a lot and
still loves me the most in her life. I have forgiven her, but it's
hard for me to cope with the fact that she cheated. Any advice?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

So let me get this straight. She says she loves you a lot, that you are the most
important in her life, the one and only, the guy who she loves so much, more than
life, right?
But when it mattered the most, what happened?
All of that went out of the window and she thought...
"Hey, it's there, I can't help it and I can apologise later."
And you went and forgave her which is admirable but you see, forgiving and
being able to trust the same girl again is a diﬀerent thing altogether. It will be
playing on your mind and it will haunt you always, wondering where she is, who
she's with, and if she has done this before or will it happen again.
You can't forget it.
So now forget her and move on.
Relationship needs trust and I'm the wrong person to ask this question because if
a woman cheats me, I don't give a damn what her excuses are.
It's over. She has made her choice.
You're here because it bugs you, you cannot forget and since you cannot trust her
which is obvious.....it's time to move on.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by German Dozdjov

I'm 15 and I’m 4′11″ and am afraid I'm too short for any guys to
like me; should I stop worrying? I feel awkward around any
group of guys because I'm always looking up, and they're
always looking down.

Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, you should stop worrying because you cannot change genetics so what's the
point worrying about it. Instead, focus on the qualities you do have control over
which is..
1. You are approachable
2. You smile, have a bubbly personality.
3. You can ﬁnd what interests you and go on activities to meet tons of people.
4. You can be more sociable, helpful, kind, and compassionate
5. You can dress hot, have fun with it, smell good, look good and feel good.
6. You can invest in self conﬁdence, social skills and just going out doing things
out of your comfort zone but for fun, pleasure, growth, and new insights.
7. You can do a lot more than worrying about your height.
In just doing these things and I bet you can think of more - being pleasant, happy
self, outgoing, proactive in life - will beneﬁt you more in attracting guys than you
worrying about your height. It will actually change your life and make your life an
amazing one and full of adventure, tons of friends, and impact in ways you have
yet to imagine.
Focus on what you can build on, what you got. You're young. A lot of things will
matter at this age but as you get older, you will ﬁnd much of what mattered to you
won't. I have found this to be the case as I grow older - but doesn't mean I don't
look after my health and appearances, and let go of myself.
Yes, not all guys will want to date shorter women but then again, there are plenty
I know who do. It's about you getting yourself out there and being approachable
and creative in doing so.
First, have fun to just....live and enjoy life.
3.8k Views · View Upvoters

I know they say looks aren't everything, but if you are a really
attractive person, would you date someone who's not that
attractive but acceptable?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If acceptable meaning I am sexually attracted to the woman then yes. If I'm not,
then no. End of the day, I have to be attracted to her. So sometimes she might not
be that attractive but something about her that I really like.
426 Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to get over a crush?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I get over a crush? I've been acting like I don't like him and stuﬀ but
when I do he always looks at me like "what?"

He probably sees you staring at him or seeing you look at him and he's wondering
when you're going to tell him you like him. Looks like the fear of rejection is
stronger than just approaching him and ask him out.
That's the strongest way of moving on - just being honest with your feelings, be
harmony in what you feel and just approach and say you like him, and see what
happens. If he isn't into you - you've found out.
You can move on.

676 Views

As an Asian girl, when I go to night club in Europe, I only get
approached by girls, why?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be anything. We won't know because we're not walking with you. I know, if
I saw an asian girl, I'd walk up to her if I ﬁnd her attractive. Also, remember most
guys fear rejection and because you're of diﬀerent culture they may think you
might get oﬀended even more than some white girls do.
What you can do is...
1. Smile at the guys.
2. Get near them and dance
3. Make eye contact longer and smile
4. Find out also about other venues, nightclub known for conﬁdent guys.
Also, the girls approaching you can be used as an advantage. The more of you the
better to have fun and also it attracts other guys. They might see you as atractive
and like to hang around you.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I talk to girls?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have no problems whatsoever in talking to girls. You can talk to your mum,
dad, friends etc. You can talk when going to buy something and you give money
to woman or guy at counter. You can talk when asking for direction. You can talk
when you want something.
So the problem isn't that you don't know how to talk to girls.
The problem is you have got to get yourself out of your head and into the present.
Right now, you see a girl and you think the light shines out of her ass and you put
her on some pedestal.
You are using a mindset of trying to be accepted, approved, validated and to ﬁt in.
What's going in your head is this..
What if she don't like me
She's out of my league
People are looking
What if I make a fool of myself
Blah blah blah
You're rejecting yourself before you even start. Over thinking everything and it is
this that paralyzes you to take action.
Girls got to put all kinds of stuﬀ on their face, make up, do their hair, lipstick,
mascara, shaving their legs - and all sorts to make themselves feel secure, feel
good, and not for men either.
They do it to compete and stand out from other women. To feel good about
themselves. Right down to the clothes and accessories.
They are nervous too.

They got hangups too.
They have fear too and probably more afraid than you are because they fear being
judged and ostracised by society. They fear of being seen as too easy and being
punished by society by all kinds of labels.
So don't put girls up on some pedestal.
Detach from the outcome.
The outcome I'm talking about is acceptance. It is the yes because we don't have
control of it. It's in the mind of the other person - the girl you approach. So what's
the uses of making any rejection personal?
She really don't know you to make it personal.
If she acts all then that's all her thoughts, past experiences, perception and her
own reality. She's rejected herself to know you and girls don't know anything
about you to judge you anyway.
It's their perception, their thoughts and their reality.
You only make it your reality if you think the girls opinion about you is true. That
her opinion of you is more important than yours.
So walk up and say, "Hi, I was just going to blah blah and I thought you look
someone I should get to know. Who are you?"
If she isn't sociable, if she freaks out, if she can't handle that then you have found
out what you need to know.
You still leave with a smile, shrug and walk away. Next!
Have that attitude.
That her attitude towards you has nothing to do with you. It is her own thoughts
and behavior. If one cannot take a compliment in a positive light and starts acting
all that then hey - why would you want to date such a person anyway.
You'll do ﬁne. It's just the social pressure getting to you which comes from social
conditioning that you're not suppose to talk to strangers. That you're not suppose
to approach girls that you don't know. That's it's not normal for a guy to approach
a stranger...a girl....a woman.
Some will appreciate it and some won't.
Don't mind who doesn't and who acts like they got a chip on their shoulder. She
may had a bad day, or she maybe insecure, or she may had bad experiences. She
may have many defences up before you even said hello.
It's not you.
14.1k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Rana Lg

How do I react when my girlfriend cheats?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I dated a french woman and in her culture they kiss guys and girls on cheek. So
she'd do that to guys and girls she meets and I'm secure enough to not even get
jelous about it.
From what I am reading your the problem here not her.
You don't trust your girlfriend and I don't know why you even with her if you
don't even trust her. Relationship needs trust. Just because she kissed some guy
on cheek doesn't mean anything.
You need to sort out your jelousy and possessiveness because it is going to kill
this relationship, create a lot of resentment and it's already causing arguments as
it is. Better yet, if you cannot handle this then it's best you're not even dating her
and date a girl who doesn't kiss guys on cheek or even hug guys when she meets
her guy-friends or co-workers.
It's an issue that's not going to go away and she isn't going to change from the
looks of it either. Everytime you bring it up it creates arguments.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How many times dates are suitable before you plan to express
your love to a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There isn't some rule or set timing for it. For me it's about not saying such words
until a long duration of time passes and lots of other events have also gone by. I'm
not in a hurry to start confessing love and all that.
It doesn't mean I am not romantic after I got to know her or aﬀectionate but from
experience, some people say these words just out of emotions, excitement,
validation, acceptance or even to test someone out. I don't test and I don't say to
be accepted or to hear it back.
I want to be sure when I say it and that takes a long time, takes getting know one
another, overcoming life challenges and other things too. So I'm not in a rush
and nor is there such thing as 'planning to express love to a girl' like it's some
calendar date kind of thing.
I am more on the cautious side on these matters because I have had plenty of
women saying those words to me and where are they now? It's not about who says
it ﬁrst either. That to me is childish. I'm not dictated by such games and I hope
women I dare also are mature enough that if they do say it to not say it so they get
some response or same words back but done so out of sincerity.
There is no set rule or timing.
262 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mark Kang

I ask my crush to hang out, she brings guy friend, and they
don't talk to each other much. He likes a diﬀerent girl. She
mostly talks to me and sits closer to me, is she trying to make
me jealous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 19, 2015 · Upvoted by Franklin Veaux, co-author of More Than Two: A
Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. He is like you. What is known as an orbiter. Guys who have no guts to
approach a girl and ask her out. So they orbit as he does and as you do, around a
girl, wasting your sweet time, trying to spend time, looking at signals, fearful of

rejection to a thing about it.
You asked her to "hang out."
That's friend lingo.
You didn't tease her, ﬂirt with her and ask her out on a date. You wasn't clear. You
played it safe.
Think this...
You like her?
Then approach and sort it out.
Stop doing the mistake of every average frustrated chump does and just ask her
out. Stop playing cool like so many advise and what most average guys do.
Playing cool does nothing. She isn't going to know you're interested in her more
than being a friend by playing cool.
It is an excuse for many guys to not take action and playing safe.
If you ﬁnd out after asking her out on a date she isn't into you, then great. You
found how she isn't a priority and you can move on approaching other girls and
give this girl limited time.
Next time be very clear to girls when asking them out. Don't play safe and use
your words wisely. No more phrases like, "let's hang out."
Be more clear.
373 Views · View Upvoters

I asked this girl out at my college, ever since she avoids me.
Adam Taha, The conversation I had when I was in college
Answered Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Sure, no problem. You ready? It's the one damn thing most guys don't do. Hold
onto your chair now...
1. Get busy approaching other girls.
2. Then go up to her and say..
"Hey, listen. It's cool. Don't make it a big deal. Acting all awkward. You're not
interested, so no problem. Talk to you later, got a class to go to."
Say it in your own way and word.
Then walk away. Don't apologise. You are not in the wrong. You're just letting her
know that you can handle yourself and she isn't the only damn girl in college.
And it's not a big deal. You're cool with it.
When done, approach other girls and have fun, like it never happened.
28 Views

The only girl I love has a boyfriend that does not care about her,
what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Once, there was this guy I knew. He talked about this girl he liked and always he
will say, 'I'm only wanting to help her.' He'd talk about how bad her boyfriend is
and how her boyfriend doesn't care about her.
I knew, he was rationalising his actions, justifying his actions and making it seem
that he is doing it for her. When really, he was going to do it for himself.
So I'm going to say what I said to my friend...
"I never liked men who had no balls to just approach women who are single and
go oﬀ trying to justify the means to go for a girl who is already taken. It's none of
your business whether her man is not treating her right. For all you know she is
just telling you this for attention and sympathy. If she wants to leave that guy she
would have left and if she isn't strong enough, then it's her problem. Find your
balls to approach women and leave her alone. Or wait without any suggestions,
signs, hints from you until she breaks with him. Do the right thing."
He never did do anything.
6 months later she broke up with the guy. One week later he told her and she
appreciated how he didn't say anything or do anything when she was dating her
ex-boyfriend.
It says a lot to a woman about a guy when you do that but most of all, it says a lot
about who you are to yourself.
798 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kazeem Shazali

This girl is popular among guys, does this mean she's just
messing with my feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Any girl sending you about some guy is trying to play games already by sending
you what some guy is doing regarding her "games." No, the other guy isn't crazy
but she is a player for sure.
When a girl knows she's popular she also knows other guys are easy and many
will orbit around her. Sending you that about some guy is not a good sign. It is a
sign she doesn't see you that way.
It's like a girl telling you some story about a guy she likes, or a guy she hates, or an
ex-boyfriend. And you shouldn't be entertaining that bs from her and tell her you
don't want to know about this. Girls share this kind of stuﬀ to other girls to show
oﬀ and to guys to increase their social status like "OOoh, look I can attract guys.."
So save yourself some time - stop playing friend, and ask her out. Tease, ﬂirt and
ask her out and you'll know where you stand right there and then,
That way you can decide what to do if she isn't into you. No use putting tons of
time, eﬀort, on a girl you like and ﬁnd out later she's not into you.
You could have approached another girl by that time.
955 Views · View Upvoters

I was not very eloquent today while speaking to the girl I like.
Did I ruin my chances?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know those Hollywood movies, romance novels that tell a story how smooth
the guy is? And how about the magazines, websites, blogs who give you 10 steps
on how to do it like it's a piece of cake?
Well, guess what?
It never happens that way UNTIL you don't give a damn if it ruined your chances
or not. You detache from the outcome and that will happen when you have
approached tons of women - and you don't think the one you just met is the one
has light shines from her ass, and is your soul mate ;)
Thing is, it looks to me, you haven't really planned it out anyway because you
haven't said anything about follow up, that you asked for her number, and you
later text, and later talked on phone. You haven't mentioned this.
If you have got her number you shouldn't be here but getting it sorted with her.
But if you didn't get her number....that's where you messed up and need to rectify
this step next time.
Now, if you said something nasty it be diﬀerent. If you just said something and
stammered a bit, got your tongue tied, no worries.
Because.....most of the women who said yes to me, didn't because I was so
smooth. In fact it was so damn awkward, because I just do it, not a care in world,
and if she says no, I am oﬀ to next woman. So it's awkward, never smooth and it
isn't in real life anyway. Sometimes, I don't even say a damn thing but smile, and
they talk...talk...talk..and I get their number.
If she likes you, if she's into you - she won't care. She'd see the clumsiness, lack of
ﬂow as cute, admirable that you got nerve and balls to approach her.
If she wasn't interested in you then she won't bother following up or will give
some polite response about how she's ﬂattered, or she is too busy, or she's not
looking for a relationship right now
317 Views

In a fathers eyes: Is a 21 year old dating his 18 year old daughter
something you are strongly against?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If this is my daughter, then no and really, as a father, I want her to be happy and if
the guy makes her happy; I don't care if he is 21 years old, what religion he
believes in, or he is an athiest, or if he's black or white, etc
As long she is happy, that's all I'm bothered about.
Also, it's not for me to tell her who to not date when she is 18 years old. If she
wants advise, if she wants to talk to me, I'm there for her.
257 Views · Answer requested by Khalil j Jon

Why does my ex-boyfriend ignore my texts?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The answer is - the same reason why I avoided the texts I used to get from exgirlfriends who I had to late block.

The ex is an ex and so, she or others are not entitled for my time, and nor will I
give attention, energy, eﬀort and emotional support. They can get that from their
friends, from their abundance of guys who probably orbit around them, from
other girls who are their friends and...from their relatives.
That is why I blocked them too because they like yourself seem to have missed
the memo.......the guy has...moved on.
You should do too.
Stop texting him and move on.
9.9k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend has an attitude problem. We’ve been dating for 6
months and I do whatever she needs, even hold her purse or tie
her shoes. She puts me down and isolates me from my family.
Should I deal with it or should I leave her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This girl is sounds like one control freak and you're falling for her manipulative
mind games and her excuses. No, she don't want you to carry her purse because
of anything except to make you look like an ass, and to everyone she is
controlling you.
She's got a big ego, has her head up her ass and trying to control you and it
doesn't help if you let her do it too.
You need to walk away because you haven't the skills or attitude needed to handle
her. She'll walk all over you and more. Walk away from her because this is a
pattern you cannot change in someone which took years of development from
her own environment and whatever is in her head.
Life is giving major red ﬂags and you're here because you know something is way
wrong with this picture. If you don't walk away from her you're going to get hurt
real bad because if that was me, I would handled this from very beginning she
ever did this and if she stoll at it, she is ouit of my life.
Get her out of your life. You'r heading for one whup ass pain if you don't.
Personally, I feel you got her up on a pedestal and think she's the one and only,
and will stay with her until she totally screw you over. I'm surprised you're still
with her after all that but there we go - got her up a pedestal.
1.1k Views

I've been dating a guy for a couple of months and we talked
about being exclusive. I recently saw a pic in Facebook with
him and another girl with his arm around her. Should I
confront him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You've talked about it but you didn't say = both of you agreed on being exclusive.
If that's the case, then yes, do talk to him not...confront him. Confronting is when
you start accusing someone of something and at it's an aggresive kind of mindset.
The photo it could be of anyone, a party, friend, anything. So approach without
judgement or accussations, and calmly.

Then take it from there and if all is well, then agree not just talk about it but agree
on being exclusiveness. It depends if he wants that too.
373 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl sends a heart on Facebook?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means nothing. Don't fall for attention seekers. Plenty use online for that alone,
seeking attention and without it going anywhere. Just ignore it. It means
nothing. I ignore any of these things from women, even a "hi" and nothing else. I
don't bother with such things. Just ignore and don't look for signals.
If you want to use something for dating....then use dating websites but even then,
many use it for attention. Best to jus focus on making your life big and if you see
women you like oﬄine - approach. At least you can be direct and know where you
stand than these so called heart sends, likes, and rest of nonsense.
2.4k Views · View Upvoters

What can I do to make instant connections with girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. They Are Congruent To What They Want
The ﬁrst thing you'll notice is they don't do what you do, making friends. Yes, I
know many will say it's ok to be friends. Well, you ﬁgured out it don't work that
way. Why would a girl date you when she's already get all the things, like going
out, talking for hours, on phone, texting, going out with you?
When I was at school, I never spent time with girls but hanged around guys, and
approached immediately if I liked a girl, ﬂirted, teased, cocky but fun. If she
wasn't interested, I am gone, distance myself.
So the guys who go further are honest about who they are and don't try and be
dishonest in being friends to get a girl interested.
2. They Don't Fear Rejection
Rejection is good because it tells the guy she is interested or she isn't. That's what
we call screening. When at school, or outside of school, me and my mates would
approach girls and we'd be full on, test, ﬂirt, be cocky, fun, and we escalate a little
to see who is interested. If she isn't...NEXT.
So rejection isn't something we fear but rather, it's helps us to not waste time with
someone who isn't interested. No point. Moving on.
But most average guys who don't even get to the next phase fear rejection, they
think the girl is out of their league, and so, they far getting a no. They fear what
others think about them. They fear what if they make a fool of themselves and
what if girl gets upset, oﬀended or if she is too busy to talk.
That's all social conditioning which most today will tell you "oh don't approach
women at subways, cafe, street because blah blah blah.." But in experienced
worked alright for me and many guys because we don't take what others think
personally. Everyone is diﬀerent. Some women are ok about it, some not. Well,
not interested in women who are not are we? So they don't matter. Next!
Get the idea? That's why it leads to this..
3. They are Conﬁdent

If you're not conﬁdent in yourself then you'll really will feel the social pressure a
lot. You won't get out of the comfort zone and approach girls. If you don't do it
enough time, you never get good at it and that's really how you get conﬁdent in
this. It can't be read in books or even here on Quora.
4. Sexual Appeal
Have you noticed that those guys also look then part too? So not only they have
the immediate action, ﬂirt, tease but they also dress the part. There is a reason
why we do this.
We stand out from the other guys who dress like everyone else, and scared to
stand out. You don't have to do much. Hit the gym, dress good, go beyond
average. It's not just looks on face but conﬁdence in body language i.e. your dress
style, you are healthy, you look good and smell good.
It also tells the girl, "Oooh, he's that type of guy, not the romantic, the nice guy
but the cocky fun guy.' So immediately, a girl sees a guy visually and will see who
you are in a sense by clothes wise. You can tell a nerd, a techie, an artist, a sports
guy, etc.
You ﬁgure out which one you are and it's true to who you are and dress like that
and go beyond average. I even got chains, wrist band accessories cause I can talk
to women aboiut iut as they point, ask abiout what I'm wearing. I got a dragon
wrist bracelet. Little things like that makes a diﬀerence.
Notice how it's not just about looks?
But really about taking action. Not being hesistent or playing safe, and worried
what the social norm is.
Start this time, by not approaching girls with this idea of being friends and
approach to ﬁlter out who is interested and who isn't and focus on who is
interested in you. Don't emotionally invest time, eﬀort on a girl who isn't willing
to meet you half way and who plays hard to get.
Plenty of girls who are great, amazing and who don't play hard to get and sincere
and like a guy who is conﬁdent, takes action and dresses, smells good.
Just approach by being fun, tease, ﬂirt in a good way not negative to make her
feel insecure.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I tell a girl I need to stop being her friend because I
developed a crush for her (I have no chance with her, no
chance)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, every guy and girl, seem to always thing that the other person is out of
their league. Personally, I never thought that but probably because I've dated
attractive women and seen what they look like without their makeup ;) but also
I'm conﬁdent and seen many things like death. That gives you a realisation when
all is done, people become dust.
You need to ﬁrst stop this idea in your head that thete is no chance with her.
Saying this is counter-productive for you in future. Not just with girls, women,
but also in career. Imagine you saying, "I want this job BUT I think I've got no
chance."

It's very defeatist attitude and it just bs in our mind to sabotage us. Always think
you're good enough for anyone, and that the only thing is they desire something
else and it's got nothing to do with you are not good enough.
Now, on your question.
Just tell her, "Since I got to know you, I have grown to like you because (say what
you like about her i.e. her personality, her quirks, whatever). And I never really
thought I'd feel this way about you but I do now, and I need to at least be honest
in saying this to you. What do you think?"
Let her speak. Don't just end the friendship. Let her say what she needs to so you
know if she has interest in you or not. If not, and if you don't want to be friends
with her, it's ok. You then say...
"Thanks for being honest and since I know how you feel too, I like to not stay as
friend but move on as I can't really be with someone I am interested in and be
friends. It's just not me."
This is very attractive mate and you're being honest.
Then leave it, walk away and distance yourself from her. You have made that
choice most guys don't, which is to not hang around, orbiting around her.
Friendzone is a choice, guys and girls put themselves in there by not moving on.
It's all in the mind kind of thing and all by one's own choice.
You made the choice if she isn't interested to not bother waiting, hoping for her to
change if she is not interested in you.
It's good you're being honest mate.
Good luck and all best for future.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

I have fallen in love with a girl, but she has a boyfriend. What do
I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I really like this girl, but she has a boyfriend. What should I do?

Picture this - you want a job but it hasn't been advertised and that job is taken. So
what is it you're going to do? Chase a job that isn't available or do you look at
other adverts for vacancies?
Which do you think for a moment is more productive for you and less headache
for the company who is baﬄed by how someone is chasing a job that isn't there, a
vacancy isn't there?
They'd think you're out of your head, desperate too, begging, pleading, chasing,
something that is already taken.
Same here with this girl.
So move on and leave this girl alone or you will attract a heat of trouble towards
you and don't bother being like most average frustrated chumps - who orbit and
hang around the girl in hope she becomes single or likes them.
Approach other girls.

920 Views · View Upvoters

Can I get my cheating girlfriend's text messages?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No and there are laws regarding privacy. Also you're wasting so much time on
someone you don't even truth.
There's no trust in your relationship so why bother being with her if you think
she's cheating and you don't trust her. Think about it. If you don't trust the
partner you're with then what's the point?
Best to just break away and move on.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Richard Quinones

Should I keep waiting for a girl that is all I ask for or should I do
what I want to do right now?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're overthinking to not take action due to your fear of rejection. Just forget all
that and approach women or you will not be dating anyone.
Also if you don't escalate, which means you don't show interest, women will see
this as lack of conﬁdence rather than conﬁdence. You're making it all
complicated and hard for yourself.
You can have as many rules you want but from what I am seeing, these rules
protect you from escalating. This is your logic to not do what scares you. When
it's time to make a move, escalate you come up with some rules excuse to not do
so.
You're going to have a hard time with all these rules. I don't mean lower your
standard but you need to be realistic on how you treat women when dating. All
that "what if she kissed a guy before me."
Come on man. You seriously making this hard for yourself and if that's your rules,
well, you're going to ﬁnd yourself alone and with your rules.
532 Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if a girl is glancing at me or she's only looking at
me because I'm looking at her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're doing what must guys and girls do - looking for signals. Doing so will make
you look like some guy who lacks any conﬁdence whatsoever. It makes you
hesitate and frustrates you.
Girls look for many diﬀerent reasons and you won't know what by trying to look
and guess. Instead of looking for signals, just approach a girl IF you like her and
talk. Tease, ﬂirt, get to know her to later ask her for number, for going out
together.
Forget the staring contest.
You'll waste a lot of time and you'll regret it later because once you'll see a girl and
do nothing - to not be able to see her again. All because it's a new city, lots of

people and it be diﬃcult to see her again.
That's you act now whenever you see a girl you like and just approach to show
interest and see if she is interested in you too.
Anything else, like reading signals and minds of people is a waste of time.
8.8k Views · View Upvoters

I like a girl a lot but she is damn more attractive than me and
already in a relationship with someone who is also lot more
handsome than me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, the part about 'more attractive than me' is a horrible mindset mate. Way to
go to bring you down and reject yourself.
Why do you want to do that? You don't get enough of that crap already from
world, telling all of us we're not good enough to have to go and tell yourself that
too?
Stay away from such garbage talk. No one is out of your league. I don't care how
attractive they are. They will get old too and eating dirt when we all die. You're
comparing yourself to other people using looks?
Second, when a girl is already with someone else, walk away. She's talken.
The only reason guys go after girls who are in a relationship is due to their own
desperate situation. They don't approach girls enough, they fear rejections and so
their resources is very limiting to even be zero.
Plenty of girls on planet to even bother thinking about some girl who is already
dating some guy.
Move on and make sure you date a girl who is into you than a girl just for the look
she has. Or you'll get walked all over.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I told a girl I like her and she said there is nothing wrong with
liking her and she probably likes me too. What should my next
step be?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You needed to do something then when you told her. Since you missed the
opportunity, you still can do it.
Take her to side and just ask her out for a coﬀee so your both together alone, and
you can talk and get to know each other; and then after 15 minutes, go for a walk
in park. Be fun, don't be serious, light hearted. Show your interest in that way and
lead.
So when you do ask her out, get her number and she gets yours if you haven't
both got them.
See how it goes from there.
1 View · Answer requested by Mayor Aden

An Asian girl ﬁrst time in UK, how can I ﬁnd my soulmate?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about stop pretending like most do, acting all tough, hard shell, and self
sabotaging what you're afraid of. You can't want something and then go and
sabotage it because you're scared.
Your words reeks of fear and I know, because ironicsally, you reminded me of an
Asian girl I met last week in London UK. She did exactly what you did. She was
ﬁne for ﬁrst couple of days and all of a sudden, when we met again, became cold,
reserved, so I thought maybe she isn't interested.
I tried talking to her ﬁnding out what's up but nothing. I ﬁnished it there and
then and walked away.
So I said to her, I rather not meet up again if this is how it's going to be. Pity, she
was a great when we ﬁrst met and even took me to an resturant to taste some of
the food from her culture. It was awesome night.
But a couple of days later, jeesh. I didn't know who she was.
My advise is stop looking for soul mate and all that. That comes much later. It
happens when you get to know each other, overcome diﬃculties, clashes, and all
sorts and these bring you together.
Years later, you realise you both went through so much and yet, you still into each
other in a big way and you begin to realise that, this person is your soul mate.
Because that's what a soul mate is, you have grown together in harmony,
overcome and you put both of you ﬁrst before any hardship, any excuses,
anything world trying to say and even money, and stayed together and fallen
deeply for each other.
You're not even getting past ﬁrst base. It's like you want it all now but it doesn't
happen that way.
I'd take your time to ﬁrst ﬁgure yourself out instead of putting lots of pressure on
yourself about relationships, and soul mates.
165 Views

Do I still have to keep her photos after a break up?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't have to do anything. It's your choice. I don't keep photos from past
relaionships like girlfriends. I like to move on and so I get rid of them all and even
delete from my page and computer and done.
Just know, the experience with her, the memory will always be in your mind, but
the key here is you don't have to do anything. You do what YOU want to do. It's
your choice.
32 Views · Answer requested by Mafokoane Archibald

I have serious suspicions about my boyfriend having a crush on
another girl who is already prettier and better than me in may
aspects. Should I just break up or try to save my relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's a suspicion no matter how serious you think it is. You need to communicate,
talk with him calmly and then take it from there. Because it can all be in your
mind, jelousy due to you seeing her as more attractive.
So call him or when you meet, sit down calmly and talk and let him know how
you feel. Until you speak up about it then he won't know how you feel. I don't
know if you already talking to him about it.
Nor what the suspicioun is.
But best to communicate, as that's what you do in relationship. You talk,
communicate and if even after that you still feel you want to break up, well, at
least you tried.
Hope all goes well. Good luck.
52 Views

He said he likes but does want to date me what this suppose to
mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know how most women say to guys...
That's cute.
I'm not ready for a relationship right now
Oh I'm ﬂattered, thank you but I'm too busy
I don't know
They say that because they have been approached many a times by guys who
when the woman said no, they go ballistic, or don't take rejection easy but real
hard. Some even have called women all sorts or just don't give up trying.
So they say it to avoid awkwardiness, conﬂict and that's same here with this guy
with you.
He is saying it in a way in letting you down gently.
He says he likes you but not in way you want but as a friend. That is it. He's not
interested in dating you but he just likes you as a friend, nothing else.
125 Views

I have been chatting with a girl for 3 months and feel a great
connection between us and she seems genuinely interested and
waiting for me to take the ﬁrst step. Shall I wait to know her
more or is time not very important? Or will it be too late as she
might feel I am not interested and give up?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No mate. You need to move now and tell her. Don't wait any longer because
you're investing emotions, time and eﬀort on the bases she might like you. I won't
do that. I'd approach her and tell her.
Stop waiting around for perfect moment and all that "to get to know her more."
Look, I understand some people date from friends but I'm being blunt here mate.
They the type whose have no balls to approiach women outside their social circle,
and hover, orbiut, being friends with women, hoping to get to know better and all

that.
Forget that
You know you like her and you got to now be honest now. You need to be
congruent (in harmony) to how you feel but you don't go ballistic telling her some
lovey dovery confessing feelings but just tell her...
"You know, I didn't expect this but after getting to know you I would love to take
you out but more than just friends."
Let he speak and see what she says.
Don't go confessing and go heavy with feelings, how you love her and all that. You
haven't dated yet as a boyfriend and girlfriend, and deep intimacy. Just keep it
simple to ﬁnd out if she is thinking same and if so, then sort it out there and then.
But do sort it out now, don't wait.
914 Views · Answer requested by Jayke Ngo

Should I stay or move on..?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no use waiting on her. She's not sexually and emotionally, attracted to
you so there is no use trying to wait and ask her again. Doing so is very desperate.
Just move on and distance yourself if you feel you cannot be that guy i.e. friend.
Don't put yourself in a situation hanging around, orbiting around her in the hope
she changes. Hoping is not good enough.
And why would you even bother with someone who said twice she is not into you
in that way?
If you can't be that friend then be honest and talk and say so, and then move on.
Personally from what you said, I'd not even bother being friends because you
don't want that either so forget waiting around and even being that friend. No use
trying to force it being a friend when you got feelings for her that are strong.
47 Views

I told a girl I liked her and she said it was cute what does she
mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's a way to avoid awkwardiness in saying she's not interested. She's not into you.
A girl into won't say that and try to big herself up. She'd say say she like you too.
You did some mistakes by the way...
1. You went and skipped many steps. Instead of ﬁrst ﬂirting, teasing, being fun,
let her see your personality more.
2. Then you say, that you know a great place to go out and chill, what's her
number.
3. Then you build attraction, be fun and lead to phone to lead to date.
But you dived in and well, she don't know you that well to know what is attractive
about you, why she would date you.

Move on from her and approach a diﬀerent girl when time comes a girl you like
appears and go gradual. These 3 steps can be very fast too.
This one girl isn't into you.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Where should I take a girl out on a ﬁrst date, we are both in
highschool?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Whatever you do, don't do this on ﬁrst date..
A) Sitting in cinerma watching movies
B) Sitting down watching netﬂix at home
You want to get her to experience more fun, time, adventure with you. So take her
out for a walk, visit some places, walk in park, visit some trendy shops, walk
through supermarket, do bowling together, or if there's a fair...go there.
Things like that and don't try to impress her you're intelligent and bore her stiﬀ.
Just do something together and have fun, so she walks away thinking, "This guy
is great and fun to be with!"
6.6k Views · View Upvoters

I am 22 years old and have never had a girlfriend. How can I
move towards a more serious relationship with a girl who I
have recently started seeing and am very interested in?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let's get two things out of the way.
1. Friendzone is in your mind. You put yourself there and no one else, nor woman,
no guy has that power of friendzoning anyone. No woman here, right now can
friendzone you or me, and no guy can friendzone any woman either.
It exists in one's own mind by behaving in an unattractive manner, orbiting
around a woman who is not interested in the guy - and - not having the balls to
just say to person one likes that they do, without all the lovey dovey stuﬀ. So let's
clear that one out of the way.
2. You fear rejection. Why? You're putting her on a pedestal and you're assuming
that her rejection is personally down to you. It's not. It is down to her choice of
men she is sexually, emotionally and mentally attracted to.
Every woman is diﬀerent and so every woman is going to be attracted to a certain
type of guy. You can't change that. I can't change that. Nor can they. It's bilogocal,
it's in the DNA, its the map in the head. So attraction is not a choice.
What is a choice is how you take rejections. You take it like it deﬁnes you or
makes you learn, grow, and keep going until you meet a woman that is into you.
If you get rejected, will the world swallow you up?
Will life end for you?
Will women dissappear form planet earth?

This fear is due to a lot of social conditoning - that gets us to want to be accepted,
to want to be liked but when you detache from the outcome and see it for what it
is - you see it as screening, ﬁltering out women to get to one who wants a guy like
you.
So now we got these two things out of the way.
3. Forget the Bigger Picture
You're wondering about what to do on date and all that. Forget all that. First sort
the base one - asking her out but this time you say you are interested in her. You
have to be honest mate. You now got feelings for her.
A) You don't confess love, and all that. Leave the aﬀectionate stuﬀ for later. Much
later, when dated many a times, got real intimate.
B) You be casual and just let her know that since you got to know her, you have
grown to like her more and tell her what it is you like about her. Then see what
she says.
Whatever she says, stay calm, smile, nodd, and be cool about it.
Give her the space to take it all in and don't bug her about it. She may want to
think about it more as she just come out of a relationship.
9 Views · View Upvoters

I'm a 16-year-old boy dating an 18-year-old girl who loves me
more than life itself but people tell me she's too old and I can't
begin to know what love is. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When people tell you something about what can't work and what can't happen;
they are telling you their truths not yours. That's their reality, perception, their
fears and insecurities. So be careful with othe people say. Instead think for
yourself.
So don't listen to what others say and don't try to do things to be accpted,
validated, to ﬁt in.
Second, I would also suggest to calm down with this 'and she love more than life
itself.' You're young and you see her as everything and the light shines out of her
ass. Relax and don't put anyone on pedestal or you won't behave in an attractive
manner but desperate.
It's ok to love but have some common sense and not talk like that in front of
people or to yourself.
Keep what you do, the girl to yourself and not talk to people and friends about
how you love her and all that. You do, you're opening doors for people to give you
their opinion and their truths.
Focus on girl, have fun, and don't worry on what others say, ignore them and keep
your feelings about her and what you do with her, what you think of her to
yourself, close to your chest. People don't need to know and that includes your
friends.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Romance (love): Should I tell my ex I still love him?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He is your ex for a reason. It's not healthy to stay in touch if you feel these
emotions, especially if he doesn't know.
You need closure. So best thing to move on is to say to him how you feel and he
may reply it doesn't change anything so you can then move on. Or something else
might happen, who knows.
But you do need to express what you're feeling now and that way you can start to
see what to now do, as you'll have clarity on where he stands again, and decide
from there.
Appreciate though he is your ex and he has probably moved on and what you're
going through is emotional attachement. Not easy to let go until you take certain
actions to help you.
Probably distance yourself, focus on your own life and get stronger before any
other communication. However, for now just say to him how you feel and then if
he says nothing changed - move on.
334 Views

How do I tell my son he won't be dating good looking women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You are projecting your own insecurities, own fears and own perception on your
son. You need to appreciate that is what you're doing and just because you see the
world that way doesn't mean that is how it is.
You're son needs your support in helping him see other things than just looks
because that is what it will need to attract attractive women and any woman for
that matter.
1. Sexual Appeal
- Look good. Hit the gym. Be heathly.
- Dress good. Look after teeth, eat good
- Social skills to build his own network of friends
2. Conﬁdence
By conﬁdence he needs help with skills, social skills, dating skills, psychology
about women in the dating world, and life. He will be be able to approach, with
the right mindset.
He will see rejection as just part of the ﬁltering screening process. This is the
wisdom you can share with your son and I promise you he will for always
remember how his dad was many years ahead of so many people he got to know.
He will remember how his father took the time to prepare him.
I wish my dad did this and though I haven't got children running in my home - I
do my best to share such knowledge with guys here and wherever I go.
I've been where you're son is and I have heard so many terrible advise. It took me
to have the balls to just do it and approach tons of women daily. As well as
investing in knowledge and skills needed.
The right one doesn't just appear. The right time is an illusion. The ocean of
neediness, desperation and all the rest is going to hit him hard if you don't share
what they are. If you don't explain with wisdom why these happen and how it

impacts his life in a negative way. As well as how to become emotionally strong
and wise.
He will learn to keep doing it until he is comfortable and it feels like it is his own
element. When he does that then believe, he will attract attractive women who
are into him. He will see things in a diﬀerent like than most youngs ever do.
Most young boys and men do not get to this stage at all.
Their social skills is very low. Their approach is appalling. The mindset in
approaching women is also very poor. Imagine the bond, the respect and the
things he ﬁgures out and he knew his dad already shared them.
Imagine how his respect for his dad grows and is at awe of how his dad knows so
much. How he is so ahead of so many guys and he uses his knowledge to share
such experience with then. Imagine the lives he will impact in a positive way and
how his experience helps some guy treat a girl with respect and gives rich
amazing experience.
Imagine how it came to be by you sowing seeds of knowledge and guidance.
As he keeps doing and as he gets rejections, he will learn what works for him and
he will become conﬁdent because he will get results.
Each time he does he will remember his dad. He will remember also the advise he
didn't listen to but now ring so true. If only he listened to his dad but never mind.
He now knows his dad wasn't full of BS after all. He now experiences it.
So here is what I wish someone said to my dad and his dad, and all the rest who I
will never see. Right across, down, up, left through my ancestors:
He needs your help.
He is drowning. You know how painful this journey is regarding dating. It's
terrifying to not know what's going on and what works.
He needs your guidance on where to look for this knowledge, the right coaches
and not just for dating but other areas in his life. He needs his dad to share about
having a higher purpose, core values and how to treat a woman.
How to take a no as a no. How to avoid many a mistakes. Where to take a girl on
ﬁrst date and what to talk about. Where not to take her. What to do when they do
meet and what not to do and why.
And how if a girl rejects him then she is rejecting herself to know him. She don't
know much to reject who your son is and he doesn't get angry....bitter and girls
and later women. Rather he sees the world for what it is and not what he wants to
see it as. So he is always or tries hard to be compassionate still and perservere in
kindness with all girls and women to come.
For him to not be a guy who gets walked over and the diﬀerence between this and
over doing it to hurt someone.
Instead of trying to lower his standards, help him to reach up to these standards.
If he is afraid to fail and if he starts with your thinking then his mindset will be
like this for a lot of things like career, like opportunities and like going for his big
goals in life.

It impacts all the area of his life when you tell him he won't be able to attract
attractive women and most of all - that is not his truth.
This is your truth you're going to tell him your truth.
Instead of you helping him to ﬁnd his truth.
He ﬁnds his truth by committing to do this everyday and learns from himself and
that's what a father does. He doesn't tell his son that he is not good enough but
tells him he is, and helps him with wisdom, knowledge, preparation for life.
3. Absolute Value
Percieved value attracts the woman but absolute value keeps the woman and by
that I am saying it in the most respectable way. People take what I say sometimes
out of context.
Absolute value is purpose in life, his qualiﬁcations, his jobs, his social network of
friends, his passion, hobbies, the places he knows and the people in those places
he knows. It is the rock and cannot be faked.
This must come before girls and if you explain how this makes him more
attractive when a girl gets to know him....he will see the wisdom in it. He will be
inspired by the bigger picture his dad shared with him bit by bit.
Perceived value can be faked but absolute value cannot.
Most focus on the look but where they crumble is in absolute value and so, the
woman sees that. She experiences the guy isn't going nowhere and hasn't much
to oﬀer. That it was all perceived value.
That he has bad habits and isn't disciplined. She realises who the man says he
is...is not really who he is.
When a guy has absolute value he is not needy, clingy, desperate because he puts
his purpose higher. He will not try and change according to the will of a woman
he wants to attract but rather, he wants to attract a woman he wants.
He will wan to atract a woman who will accept him for who he is and vice versa.
These are things to educate your son on as these are rock and foundation that
helps him to grow as a man of value. It helps him to grow man of of real assets, of
personality, character and together it projects attractive qualities.
Take him beyond the look and help him to see the bigger picture. That he can
attract attractive women but he must not desire to need a woman.
But rather be the man any woman desires to be with.
I'm not sayuing looks aren't important. It is!
But it is not the deciding factor and the end all of everything.
There is much more that most don't see and if he can gain the conﬁdence and
social skills to demonstrate this in an attractive manner - he can show this in his
approach, when meeting women.
The knowledge and skill won't just help with women but in all aspect of his life.

He will forever be debted to you as a son.
Maybe not now but I promise you he will in years to come when he is a man. As
has his own family and he shares the wisdom to his son or daughter he will
remember someone very important in his life.
He will remember his dad.
So much so, even when his dad is long gone....the legacy of his dad will live on
with him and the generation to come.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl very much but she doesn't want to accept me as her
boyfriend. She wants me as her best friend, but that is diﬃcult
for me. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Jun 25, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The behavior you projected towards this girl is very unattractive. Girl don't want a
guy who is desperate, needy, clingy and to even ask a girl...
"...if there is any problem with me and if so I am ready to change according
to her will..."
You know how desperate you sounded to her?
Like you is nothing but dirt. Nothing at all and have no standards, no values,
nothing whatsoever. That you are willing to change according to her will.
It takes two to tango.
Girl needs to be sexually, emotionally and mentally attracted to you.
Just because you say you love someone doesn't mean they are going to feel the
same way as you do.
Attraction isn't a choice.
It's not something you can force on someone. Sure, you can manipulate them, but
even then it always ends bad. Always.
If you don't ﬁt in the map of what's inside the girl's head of what she wants, then
nothing you can do to change that. If ever there was a change, believe it won't last
because the way you see relationships in regards to dating.
You want to be some doormat and then when you get rejected you start to act
angry, sulk and all that. Damaging probably what was there i.e. friendship.
You demonstrated....
1. Unattractive Qualities.
I won't change according to anyone's will and be a doormat. The hell that comes
from being that type of guy leads men to go crazy, and just absoluttely psychotic.
Horribly mindset. Very unattractive.
2. Lack of Purpose
You're the type of guy, that if she did date you, you'd control her, manipulate, be
so possessive and jealous and run her to the ground and yourself. You have no
purpose and made her and girls higher than your own core values.
You'd make her the centre of your world.

What To Do?
Move on and ﬁrst develop yourself as a man with a purpose, and maturity - and
understand maturity helps you to be with someone later who does want to be
with you.
Rejection is not a sign to push, manipulate, act like a victim, and compromise
your values and beliefs to change a girls mind to love you. No one can do that and
why would you anyway.
Rather be with someone who does want to be with you for who you are.
57.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I be as great as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk or Sir
Richard Branson?
Adam Taha, I observe people's actions more than what they say
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I be as great as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, and Richard
Branson?

I'll keep it really short and sweet and Quora can collapse it all they damn want.
Bill Gates didn't want to be someone else. Steve Jobs didn't want to be someone
else. Elon Musk also didn't think...I want to be like blah blah.
Richard Branson didn't think - 'I want to be like so, so..'
That's the diﬀerence here.
Don't aspire to be like someone else or someone in past. They had their time. Now
it's your time.
Anything else is but fundamentals of success, traites, mechanics etc.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

I met my ex boyfriend and we made love. It turned out that I
found myself still deeply in love with him. He got engaged 20
days later (without telling me anything). We haven't talked
since and I miss him so much. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He was your ex boyfriend. You didn't start dating again, get to know again but
because you never moved on - because you still was emotionally invested, and
still hoping for more - it only took one meeting and you slept with him. You call it
made love. To you maybe but to him it was sex.
Now you found out he's engaged.
What should you do?
Think about it. He cheated on someone he's getting engaged. He used you to
satisfy himself and lied to you. Yes, even when not saying anyhing is a lie, it's
deceiving.
And you still ask what you should do?
What? You still go back with a guy like that? Oh yes, I forgot. This isn't about logic
but emotions.
Two words - move on.

Don't be hard on yourself. Spend some time with yourself and not go into dating
for a while. Just you know, spend time think around you, for a while.
There are great guys out there and I know it's not going to be easy but you will
meet someone but it don't just happen like most like you to believe. Mainstream
makes a lot of money on the romance soul mate bs, and "right one will show up"
kind of thing.
But for now, forget dating and relationship, and guys for now.
Focus on healing ﬁrst, go and do something for fun for you. Treat yourself, go out
with friends, ﬁnd a passion you're into. Give it some time for your heart to heal ad
ﬁgure out how to not be emotionally attached to your ex.
This storm will pass. You won't forget but it will pass.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Why we love the one who take us for granted?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

We can ask this question diﬀerently and you'd soon see a diﬀerent persepective..
"Why does a person let someone else take them for granted?"
See what I did there? Now we take power back and we see that we make choices.
We either respect ourselves, have core values, boundaries or we don't. If we don't
then what we are doing is not letting the world know how to treat us.
We just sit there and let whoever walk all over us.
It is easy to blame anyone else but to take responsibility for one's own choices,
isn't so easy. It needs someone to not act like a victim and to wake up and smell
the coﬀee. If a person wants respect then they ﬁrst respect themselves.
If they want love, they ﬁrst love themselves and whoever does love themselves,
knows what love is. So if they don't get such love from someone else they are
with, they now can either talk to person or walk away, if the person still takes one
for granted.
Now the person has power, choice, and isn't giving such gifts to someone else by
asking...
"Why does a person let someone else take them for granted?"
239 Views · View Upvoters

I want to write song lyrics. I don't know how to start, and I need
inspiration. What are some methods I could use to start
songwriting?
Adam Taha, I writing lyrics and sing for Pop House Tracks
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My method is very simple. It comes from my own personal experiences, living life
and so, when I write I'm at a very vulnerable stage as its coming from deep
within. Sure, there's the craft of the writing the lyrics but for me, it comes from
experiences in life. I also watch a lot of movies that are about life, challenges in
life, and other topics which inspire me, remind me of my life.

And the words come and here's an example of one I wrote...
I got tired of chasing
The way so many do
Yeah, I hear you
Back then - my life felt empty too
Tired of trying so hard
to try and ﬁt in
Day by day living
No idea of
Where I'm going
If only I listened
If only I listened
I was so young - back then
If only I listened
If only I listened
I was so young - back then
If only I listened
If only I listened
I was so young - back then
I thought I knew it all
Tired of Working so hard
You don't even know
Where all this will lead too
Tell me if you do
These dreams you're building
You're forget of the cause
So many years have gone by
To ﬁnd you can't call anything yours
If only I listened
If only I listened
I was so young - back then
If only I listened
If only I listened
I was so young - back then
I thought I knew it all
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I do to make a guy pursue me again? He set up a 2nd
date but didn't call me that night. This is just for my ego boost
and nothing else. So how to make him regret?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I make a guy pursue me again? He set up a 2nd date but didn't call
me that night. This is just an ego boost and nothing else. So how do I make him regret it?

Why would we advise you for something childish and immature? No thanks,
Move on and stop playing mind games.
210 Views

How do I know if the girl I like likes me back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't listen to companies or program educators about these things. You need to
take action now. You can always, if something does happen, focus on your studies
still by not meeting and spending too much time together anyway. That be good
anyway for now.
Just approach, don't be lovey dovey though. Just relax, walk up to her, and ﬁrst
have fun with her, get a conversation going, make her smile, laugh but not too
much so you can then ask her out. Say..
"Listen I know a great place for drink at a cafe, what's your number, so I get
together this week."
So take action because it will play on your mind too much. Get this out of the way.
620 Views

Why does that girl who was dating me for a month, stopped
responding me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have this rule, if someone ignores, I ignore them. I don't care if they busy and all
that. If they ignore, phone deleted, everything deleted, gone. No more focusing
my attention on people playing such games or whatever reason it maybe. Not
going to entertain my thoughts on such things.
Life too short mate. So ignore, delete, move on. Moment you delete them out of
your phone and everything else, you have no option but to move on.
Don't waste your time waiting on one girl who ignores you.
967 Views · View Upvoters

Do guys tease their friends about a girl he likes?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some guys. Not every guy. I know I didn't tease friends on girl they liked because
I'm an intovert and was always kind of an observer of people than talking much.
So it depends on the guy.
However, I have seen many guy who do tease their friends about girl their friend
likes.
8.2k Views · Answer requested by Emma Lane

Would a 30+ year old man date a 21 year girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, depending on guy. Plenty of guys I know who are 21 and dating a 35 year old
woman so, yes. No, it's not complicated at all. Most people in society like you to
think so but that us due to their own reality, perception, belief, experience and so
forth and culture.
It won't be the age though. It be whether he is sexually atrracted to you, if you
click together and you'll not know until you ask him out, go out for a drink

together and just chat and get to know one another as in a date.
I'd ﬁnd out ﬁrst, if he's in a relationship. So get to know him and see where he's at
in his mind. It will help to see where he's coming from in a sense and if he's
dating someone or not.
12.1k Views · View Upvoters

How can I make him trust me again after having cheated on
him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I make him love me and addicted to me again, after a cheating
aﬀair?

I'm a guy and I had a girl cheated on me years ago. Believe me when I say this when someone cheats on other and they ﬁnd out, or you tell them, it is like
someone has died. You have literally just shook the earth underneath them and
they now don't know the heck you are.
Worse - when it happened to me, I knew I'd never be the same guy ever again and
that really pissed me of because I was honest day one, and heard all those words
about love and all that history we had together and she did that for what? Lust.
For some new sexual satisfaction.
It ain't going to happen especially if he's like me. I'm not forgiving like most
people are nor an average frustrated chump to lose more time, years with a
woman who cheated.
You can't get that same love and addiction when you cheated. Only if he's some
average frustrated chump who is desperate. Even so, he won't trust you again and
will always be questioning in his mind about you.
I still have her chasing for last 10 years and I still say no, not a chance.
That can be so for you too if he's like me. Strong and has many options in life.
4k Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl. I used to chat her like everday. Today I called her.
She also talked nicely with me .Now, she is not replying my last
text immediately after call.What should I do next?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. Are you dating her?
Then be patient and stop being needy and desperate, and concentrate on your
own life and be busy with it.
2. If you're not dating her.
If not, then appreciate that she won't be emotionally invested and since that
might be the case because you're not dating, not seeing each other, not walking
together, intimate then she will lose interest in you.
You're not a priority even if you see yourself as one.
If that is the case, why are you investing time, energy, eﬀort and high
expectations on a girl who is not dating you, isn't intimate sexually with you, and
who isn't emotionally invested in you?
You don't invest such emotions and time on a girl you're not dating. It doesn't

matter if you're in love with her, it does not entitle you to anything especially her
calling you immediately, even if she has done so before -if you're not dating each
other.
189 Views · View Upvoters

Am I in a rebound relationship?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is your own fears, insecurities, that is looking for some wrong in thr
relationship. You're young, so I don't know why you're maiking it all seerious, like
it will lead to marriage and all that.
Relax. She wants to take a break and do her schooling and so you shouldn't be
looking at it as something is wrong. This "rebound" is bs because there are people
who have found each other after being in a long relationship and met each other
one week after such relationship and been together for over 15 years.
Better you stop pushing it towards something because if you keep doing so,
which by the way you already have - you'll start to get her thinking that 'probably
you're right' and it won't be because of rebound.
It be because of your insecurities and your own lack of concentrating a lot on
your life, your own purpose and doing something in your life than making
relationship with girls as the centre of your life - which by the way what most
guys do in school, college and it gets them always observing the relationship with
a girl.
So chill, back oﬀ with this 'rebound' stuﬀ.
Find something of higher purpose that is going to help you in your future and
don't put pressure on her and relationship. Guys who do so, lack any sense of
direction in life and ﬁnd themselves empty and nothing much to give or achieve.
Be careful what you wish for - it will happen and not because it exists but because
you push it to exist due to your own fears and all that thinking about rebound. It
is enough she is with you, so enjoy what you have and nurture it, and don't push
it.
711 Views · View Upvoters

Why would my crush block me on Instagram?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Because having a crush on someone, following them, knowing them for years and
whether he looks at you and all that - it doesn't entitle you with anything with
him. That includes him being your friend, acknowledging you, being nice to you
etc.
You're overthinking this. It's all in your head.
If you didn't approach him, and asked him out, and he's not dating you, then he
can block, ignore, and do whatever he pleases.
He maybe a nice guy but when it comes to being outside areas like social media,
and he knows you're following him - he rather keep you out of it. He doesn't want
you seeing his activity or other stuﬀ.
But whatever it maybe, you're not entitled to have anything oﬀ him or with him.

You're just some girl he saw, or seen before, or knows but that's really it. It has
nothing to do if you did this or that to him.
If you want more, then approach, ask him out.
9.2k Views · View Upvoters

When on a ﬁrst oﬃcial date with a girlfriend should you kiss
her when It ﬁrst starts or after its over?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no rule. I'm diﬀerent. I always kiss the moment I see on ﬁrst date on
forehead, embrace, smile, take her hand and done. So I am always escalating in
some way.
But that is me and since I approached in a certain way that is conﬁdent, there was
already talking, smiling, even holding hands from beginning before the date
happens, then she knows what's going to happen when we do meet.
Since you are asking this question then you will have played it safe from very
beginning, and so now it be awkward if you suddenly act way I do.
So, if you approached in begining in a safe way - you'll have to behave same way
you did before and kiss her afterwards.
However, just note there is no rule. Everyone is diﬀerent.
162 Views

Why do so many people think Spiritual Education and Healing
services should be Free? Why do we place so little value on
things that can dramatically change our lives and state of well
being?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Don't blame the audience, people. Blame the marketing side of things. It's like
what most artists say on how other people see art should be free and yet, I kmow
artists making thousands of dollars.
Why?
They get it. They understand marketing and sales.
You see the artists who complain and the artists who are succeeding and you'll
see a very big diﬀerence in how both market and sell.
Much of what I see in spiritual education and healing is so poorly marketed, and
brand image is poor, the whole process is poor, like some guy or girl at a garage
did the work with a paint paste up job.
You are looking at things logically. It has nothing to do with logic. It's emotional.
So if you want people to see this as valuable, then you need to learn how to
inﬂuence, persuade and motivate people. Marketing.
That's not easy for a lot of people to do because most thing marketing is a
website, a ﬂyer, a social network meeting etc. It's deep, it's a lot of thinking and
understanding consumer psychology.
If you knew consumer psychology you won't be asking this question.

Try to look from the consumer point of view and do some research, go deep into
their minds, do some tests, and you'll ﬁnd many are wanting such a thing but one
has yet to establish a message, a language to show the value in these things.
119 Views

I broke up with my lover and it’s the ﬁfth day today. I miss him
so much. Why didn't he call or text me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You miss him probably due to emotional attachement. You broke up with your
lover and he probably isn't going to call you because he moved on. That's what
most people do when someone breaks up with them.
Don't know how long you've been with each other but such decisions of breaking
up shouldn't be taken lightly. Relationship is about trust and you broke that trust
if you think it's some game, where you test someone out.
You've either learning from some girls or reading some girly woman magazine
about playing games, hard to get, from forums or from pick up artists website. If
so, it is bad advise. Relationship isn't some game you play and testing someone
out on how they care about you.
It's about nurturing, communication and openess.
You may have seen this as some game as a test but to him it's real as day and
night. If it's true you played some game then unfortunately it is you who burnt.
He probably seen you don't care about him. That you weren't interested in him
and he moved on.
You had him. It was all there but it was you who broke up with him.
What do expect? This is the matter of the heart. It's emotions. When a girl breaks
up with a guy or the other way round it's not easy on the person. It's heart
breaking. It can scar someone. It can decrease their self esteem and so it takes
time for them to get back on their feet.
Now you're asking why he hasn't texting or called you?
Unbelievable.
He's now your ex. So move on.
4.9k Views · View Upvoters

How can I overcome jealousy and build trust in a relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I always saw trust when it comes to relationships as trusting one self than really
anything about the other person. Of course if the other person does something,
well, it's diﬀerent.
But what do I mean by trusting your "self."
That you're not ready for a relationship and your higher purpose is not even
there, and relationship, dating has become higher than it. So you surround your
whole life thinking, wondering, designing, doing around this one girl.

When really you need to sort your own life out, your own mindset out, your own
insecurities.
You can't talk about trusting someone and integrity, when really it's her who
shouldn't be trusting you, because you're not stable enough to even live your own
life and making her like the dominant of your life, checking her phone and all
that.
Get busy sorting your own life and mindset out ﬁrst.
195 Views · Answer requested by Dave Ewell

How does a girl get a boyfriend? What are the qualities that a
girl should have for a boy to like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I get a boyfriend?

Yeah, usual advise will be "make friends, blah blah, because blah blah." Good luck
with that because here's how girls get other guys attention and how my mates got
to dating girls they with..
1. You need to be approachable. I don't know how manuy damn times I see
women walking with their mobile phones, txting..texting. And head down,
whenever walking. Or they got frown on their face. Or if they see a guy, they
stare...stare no smiling, no wave, no brush hair to side, smile. Nada...zip, sod all.
2. Dress great, smell great and for pete sake SMILE, It's not a fashion model
magazine or fashion show where models don't smile to show some status value.
Well, doesn't work when attracting guys.
3. See a guy, approach, make any damn excuse, like "Excuse me, do you know
blah blah is. Oh What's your accent? You don't sound like a londoner."
4. Dating websites but you need quality photo, relax with proﬁle text and not be
so serious.
Or you can go and make ton of friends and complicate the whole damn issue and
wait like for months, or whatever, when you can go diret and done in 5 minutes,
number, walla...you text, call, meet up.
But if you got all time world, by all means, do that. I'm sure you'll make lots of fun
but for me as a guy - I rather just get down to it and be direct.
5.7k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mae Gomez

In terms of dating, do Arab men have it the worst when trying
to get with Caucasian women?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know about other Arab guys but I ﬁnd it's awesome in UK. I mostly attract
blonde white women when I go to night clubs or cafes, or bookstores. I always get
a lot of stares and I don't really know why but when I do approach, it always
positive.
Maybe because I have a positive attitude, or I smile always, I am a cocky and fun,
talk a lot and got good social skills due to marketing and sales experience. Years
of it.

Haven't found negative experience though in my life in UK or even when I ﬂy to
Paris, france.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if an Arab guy likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 12, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm arab and british. So I don't know about other Arab guys. Seems from what my
friends say, I'm very diﬀerent. But if I like a woman, I do this..
1. I approach immediately
2. I say, "Excuse me, I know this is a bit forward but I was shopping and I saw you,
and I like to ﬁnd out more about you. My name is Adam."
3. Then she usually either looks at me gobsmacked and tells me no guys ever
approached her that way, or looks at me like I'm a secret agent about to murder
her, or she will smile and say thank you.
Fortunately, most say thank you as in UK, most are very polite which means god
damn nothing. But there are times when she means it and we do meet up to date
and it's fun.
It's very rare I found in UK women approach. Haven't had that happen except
when I was a teenager living in Yorkshire and it was her friend who approached
me, than the girl herself.
So I know, to not stare, but just approach and not over think it. If she says yes,
awesome and if no, awesome. I found out what I need to know. But I won't wait
for a woman to approach or I'd wait till hell freezes over. Very rare for women to
do so nowadays but it it happens, I'll be very impressed by her conﬁdence.
10.4k Views · View Upvoters

I'm a virgin girl born without a hymen. How can I convince my
boyfriend that I haven't had vaginal intercourse before?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't. You instead ﬁnd a boyfriend who doesn't see you as some conquest but
rather someone he likes, falls in love with and that is it. Everything else,
regarding past regarding virginity etc shouldn't be concern for him.
You know when you need to really question who you are dating when you're
sitting down with a guy you're dating and...
"So are you a virgin?"
"I erm...well...cough...yes."
"Prove it?"
Or for example..
"Soooooooooooo how many guys you've been with?"
You know this guy ain't for you. Either way, it's your choice but for me. I don't
give a damn if she's virgin or not. All I care about is she's with me, and we're going
to have an awesome time getting to know each other.
3.2k Views · View Upvoters

Girl I've been dating for two months won't put a label on things,
just says to keep seeing how things go. Is it okay to go on a date
with another girl?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You did right mate. Hell, if she was on Tinder, there we go. You're only on Tinder
for one thing, dating, getting laid and "looking for friends" is bs. It's Tinder! Red
ﬂags were kicking oﬀ and glad you saw it for what they are and moved on.
She wasn't into you mate.
If a girl is into you, she be doing what this girl I met on there is doing..
1. Sending me tons of text
2. Calling on phone, long conversation
3. Dyting to meet again
4. Sends me a watch for birthday.
Only seen her 4 times in one month, and other things happened repeatedly (use
your imagination)
You know when a girl is into you. Also, this was like a casual date, where she
didn't want exlusivity at all. She wanted to date others from what I am seeing
here.
Good to see new opportunity in career came through.
It's done. Move on. All the best mate.
346 Views

Loving girl but you cant marry..what I have to do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to know what you're core values are and go with your values. Don't try
changing someone towards your values.
For example, you are looking for marriage so there is no point dating a woman
who doesn't want to marry.
This is one of the mistake most make even women.
They date someone with this idea to try to change and ﬁx the person. There is
nothing to ﬁx. You move on.
Life is already tough. Why make it harder for yourself and someone else.
Instead you need to date a woman who sees similar values i.e. she like to get
serious later, and is into marriage. Now just because she says she's into marriage
doesn't mean it will be you.
You need to consider this too.
All you can do now is think about the child and make sure all is well, both respect
each other, for the child.
91 Views · Answer requested by Majid Alharbi

What does it mean when a guy puts his hand on a girl's waist?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it mean when a guy puts his hand on girl's waist?

Sherlock travelled through time. Into the future and saw guys placing their hands
on girls waist. Such an action was unheard of in his time.
"Watson! What is the meaning of this? Are my eyes decieving me?"
"What's wrong Holmes?"
"Look >>>>>> que the music > Da DaDaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"Oh the hand waist handler"
"Yes, what is it Watson?"
And so Watson explained...
"It could mean the girl's body acts like a magnet which pulls the man's hands to
land on her waiste. It could mean aliens might be controlling his hand with a
remote control or someone in the room has psychic powers.
It could mean a lot of things.
"No Watson. Looking at his eyes, they are diulating, his bulge sticking out. Her
feet are also pointing towards him. She is not pushing his hand away. It is Sexual
Mating Dance my dear Watson."
"Is it Holmes?"
"No, not really. I really don't know why he does that. Personally I'd have the balls
to just walk right up to her and tell her I want to take her out but seems these men
of modern times have no...
"Balls?"
"Yes my dear Watson. Balls. Why do you keep interrupting me?"
"The writer of the story. It's Adam, trying to be smart, so I can't help it."
"Oh it's Adam. Trust him with his sarcastic Bs. Let's go Watson."
"Where?"
"Wherever the jerk Adam takes us."
As they walked back into the Time Machine, Holmes concluded....looking for
signals is a fools errand and only plays games to one's mind. It cannot be held as
factual evidence in court and since that is so, a new question arises..
'Why the shop next door ran out of Haagan Caramel Ice Cream?"
But that's a diﬀerent story altogether.
The end ;)
19.3k Views · View Upvoters

Is it bad to call a girl your back up plan for Valentine’s Day and
prom?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You alread know the answer without us even saying anything. What was her
reaction when someone told this girl what you said?
She got upset that you called her a backup plan.
So forget about anyone saying it's not ok or ok. The real evidence in front of you
and you're still asking? She got upset.
Life is showing you the answer. Listen to it's feedback. Learn from this mistake
and grow.
298 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Jake Smith

Why do I still like him?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like you walking into a Casino and banging money on table and getting
nothing bank. You keep banging money in and again lose some more. You're so
hooked in the hope you will win your money back (your ex back) and so you keep
playing.
The Casino let's you win a few hundred dollars (the way your ex sends you
messages on xmas, birthdays etc), and so you see it as hope, that you will win the
money you lost back.
You bank the few hundred you won instead of walking away and....you lose that
too! Hope, can be a bitch!
You keep going until it becomes addictive and until you pawn all your valaubale
stuﬀ and also owe the Casino money.
It's called emotional attachement. You see, you haven't moved on at all. You're
still emotionally investing with..
1. Time thinking about him
2. Dreaming about what could happen if you get together
3. And keeping the lines still open for him to contact you
So, you haven't moved on at all. You're still like a ghost girlfriend but without the
boyfriend and the relationship. It is all happening in your head, where pathways
are being creating and they are getting stronger.....stronger.....stronger and that
means you will keep thinking more about him....more....more....more.
Then come to the assumption it is = love.
Love works both ways and it comes with = committment.
There is no both ways committment here. It's all coming from you and all he is
doing is probably keep the door open, like what some women do....a standby,
when all goes wrong in their life, the relationship they have been on, had their
fun...well...time to now call the ex.....
"Oooh I just can't get you out of my mind. let's get together."
You want to move on then truly move on.
1. Distance yourself
2. Close all contacts
3. Date someone else and do so sincerely.
Because if you don't move on and let's say, a guy who likes you ﬁgures you on
about your ex - well, he isn't going to bother with you. He will just see you still
attached to the past and the future isn't going to happen.
You're not doing yourself much justice here.
It doesn't mean you stop liking your ex but it does mean you need to think about
yourself. Think about YOU for a change, your feelings, your emotions and your
time which is valuable.
This is your life.

Isn't it time you walked out of the Casino and smell the fresh air and hear the
amazing sound of a fresh new amazing start?
42 Views · Answer requested by Annie Minogue

How do I ask a girl out when some one is going to and she might
like him to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just approach the girl, be fun, tease, ﬂirt in a good way, strike a conversation, get
her number and get the ball rolling. You can't read her mind, and all this "what if
she likes him" is you're own fears....
"She's out of my league."
"What if I make a fool of myself."
"What if she rejects me?"
"What if everyone else ﬁnds out she rejected me."
All that creates this = what if she likes the other guy.
Understand the real root of your insecurities, your fears which is...fear of
rejection. Make the shift. The shift comes in your life and it's asking you to make
your move now. It doesn't promise a yes.
But what it does promise is your own self growth, own enlightenment, own self
awareness, and that you stepped out of the comfort zone. You do that with the
right mindset and she says no, you are growing, but if you approach with wrong
mindset that she says no to you because of you, then you still don't get it. You
won't learn a damn thing to get better at what you do.
Right now, you are rejecting you.
You haven't approached, and already you're rejecting yourself and creating
competition in your mind. There is no competition. There is only a choice to
make the shift and grow, and for her to make her own choice
When she says yes or no, it's not about you. It is about her perception, her
attitude, what ﬁts with her map in her head and you won't know this until you try.
The longer you wait the longer you give your brain more stories and logic for you
to not approach. Make the shift. Fear is a friend, and it is telling you it exist right
now because you need to take action and grow.
She isn't thej prize. You are. You're self growth. You're balls to take action and
even if she says yes, or no, the great prize is you have learnt something. You have
begun to do what most guys fear to do.
You have seperated yourself from the masses, the crowd, the many who fear
rejection. That is the prize,.
She isn't the prize because she isn't a trophy. She's a human being like you and
she can make her own decsion who to date.
The trophy is the courrage you gain from doing it. You growing, learning, gaining
new experiences instead of regretting the past and lack of actions.
126 Views · Answer requested by Ryan Araujo

I asked a girl if she wants to get dinner and she said she has
made plans already. Do I not have a chance?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget that. Did you lead? In other words did you listen because if you did, you
would have given an alternative, a diﬀerent date.
She gave you that opening by saying she was daying to go there. I hope you did
but if you didn't, then move fast and do so.
813 Views

What are signs of a girl who is playing you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you ask questions on here like "what are signs a girl of girl playing you"
which means you're gut instinct is telling you, she is not being direct, she's uses
no words to show anything about her interest in you, and if you didn't text her or
called her for a damn week or two, she won't bother with you.
And it's one sided conversation.
She avoids talking about her passion, her goals, dreams, what she likes in detail
while you will tell her a lot, and still she will remain cold.
And don't fall for the BS of "she might be shy."
Her text will have a few words including all time with..
"Hahaaha" but no substance to the conversation.
You might as well have a conversation with a brick wall.
She's late, she cancels all time, and if it's text....she will wait 3 days to a week to
text you back.
THE FASTER WAY without looking for signals?
You be direct very fast, ask the girl out and if she is giving excuses, drop her.
Leave her and don't bother giving her anymore attention.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why does she text "heyyya" to me all the time?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why are you on here asking us? Go to the source = her. Ask her. We can't read her
mind and nor can you. You're asking strangers about someone who we don't
know, have never met, so how do we know? Talk to her.
119 Views · View Upvoters

Why does a woman want a relationship with a guy but does not
want to spend any time with him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There's not enough information with the question but probably, she doesn't want
to get emotionally attached, and commit to a serious relationship. She doesn't see
the guy in that way.

But it's diﬃcult to answer the question when people don't give enough
information. It doesn't have to be an essay like most folks write but at least
provide some background information.
97 Views

How do I make sure whether I fall in love with a boy or not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I make sure whether I fall in love with a boy or not? Maybe I am
single too long?

How about stop overthinking and just get started ﬁrst with someone you like and
start dating the guy you like. Right now, you're overthinking and thinking far too
much about the bigger picture.
Probably that's why you've been single for a while.
Stop overthinking about love like you have some power over it and you control it.
You don't. No one does. The "the right one" is a myth. It's all that bs in romance
novels and hollywood movies.
It doesn't happen that way in real life. Playing it safe in life is what many guys
and girls do and they ﬁnd themselves just staring, instead of approaching and
getting on with it.
Just live your life and when you see someone you like then approach, and do
whatever to date. The love part takes care of itself and if you don't want to get
attached, then simply don't see the person often in week, and do things like
talking on phone everyday, texting everyday - don't emotionally invest. Take it
real slow until you're 100% sure you want more and be open with the guy saying
you're not looking for serious relationship as yet. If he's mature he'll understand.
Realise if you do that -the other person will also see or assume you're not that into
them and will probably walk away to be with someone who isn't scared of
committing to a relationship.
For now though, forget overthinking and just live.
215 Views · View Upvoters

How do you know the girl you like doesn't like you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When you ﬁnd your balls and approach her, and do so with intention to get to
know her, converse and get her number to lead for dating.
We can't read her mind and nor can you. You're right now trying to read some BS
signals, trying to wait for some clarity, certainty, the perfect moment. Well, she
isn't going to walk up to you and say..
"Hey sexy, I want you now. I want you!"
It's not going to happen. You need to approach the girl, smile, be conﬁdent, strike
a conversation, and get her number.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl who is extremely kind, good hearted, intelligent,
talented, and attractive. I am none of these things. How can I
improve?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah, I see. The putting a girl on a pedestal mode is what's happening here.
Comparing yourself to someone else is you rejecting you. Hell, you haven't even
given her the chance to reject you and went and did it yourself.
This is really a horrible mindset to be in.
It is the fear of rejection. Attaching yourself to an outcome. It creates a lot of
pressure in your mind and it parylses you. It doesn't just happen with dating but
a lot of things in your life.
But here's what could happen....
I walked into this university bar. It was very big and had a large dance ﬂoor and
stage. As I walked in I saw this girl dancing with othe girls and some guys were
around. Then I looked to see tons of guys just standing outside the dance ﬂoor
just staring at this one girl I just saw.
I had one advantage. No, not my looks.
Action. That's it. Action.
I walked right up to her, danced in front of her, and after 15 minutes, we were
dancing, grinding close. An hour later we walked out and that was that. I was now
dating her, and all that comes with dating.
Two month later, she met this guy in the street. One of the guys who saw her at
the club and she told me, how he just stared at her when she was dancing at the
same night I came to dance in front of her.
So this guy was there before me as all the other guys were. One year before me!
It took him one year and two months to pluck up the courage to ask her out and
he had the same name as me, 'Adam.'
She said to him...
"You was in the same club I was for 3 hours and did nothing and you are in my
class for one year and did nothing. Then another Adam who saw me, immediately
walked right over to me, danced and well, I am now dating him. So it's too late."
Oh did I say he was more attractive than me, was more talented, and had all that
"intelligent, attractive, kind hearted" too?
You see, she saw guys trying to move in but step away, walk towards her then go
round her and past her. She's been in university for ONE YEAR and no guy has
yet dared approach her. One year. Intimadated by her looks.
The reason I act immediately is it prevents all the BS my brain will tell me. If I
wait for a second, my brain will narrate stories like this..
Brain - She's out of your league
Me - Huh? Why so?
Brain - She is hot, sex, blonde, and well, you ain't it.

Me - I see and I suppose I'm just not...
Brain - That's right, good enough!
Me - Why?
Brain - Because you are not tall enough, you are not white enough, you ain't
brown enought, and you're not intelligent enough as her, and attractive like her,
and kind enough because you're a cocky git and not that kind.
Me - I see. So you think I should just not bother
Brain - Yes. Dream on. Leave her alone or you'll make yourself look like a fool
Me - Oh ok. You're right.
All happens in your brain with speed of light and so we like a wuss we do nothing.
That is why when I see a woman I like, I...approach immediately and I am now
talking and it's too late to stop. I have to follow through.
Does that mean I don't get rejections?
Of course I do. Plenty.
But everytime I know one thing I've done that majority of guys will never do.
I am honest with my feelings. I approach.
Most guys are not honest but hide behind their insecurities and fears. They
already rejected themselves before they even talked to a woman.
Now that is a very sad state to be in.
So stop putting her on a pedestal and just approach. Let go. You only have one
thing in control.....to take action. That is it.
Just take the action. Yes or no, you found out what you needed to know.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Recently I proposed a girl and she is saying how can you love
me even if you don't know my name. What does this mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's the old age mistake most guys do. They see a girl and start confessing their
aﬀectionate feelings to her. Talking about love and all that, which by the way is
very immature and damn creepy too. This isn't a romance novel or hollywood or
whatever you may have heard on mainstream.
You needed to control your emotions and have some sense, that you don't show
aﬀectionate feelings and confess lovey dovey stuﬀ when you don't even know
her, know her name.
Instead, you needed to approach her by ﬁrst getting to know her, ﬂirt, tease, have
a conversation, let her see your personality and also get her number and then
lead to a date to get to know her and she gets to know you.
Date many a times, and become intimate gradually and this now makes your
words have weight. It make your words believable.
You had no idea who she is.
A stranger is who you shared such feelings too without ﬁrst ﬁnding out if she has
interest in you too.

It was selﬁsh. Trying to get it oﬀ your chest and didn't think about her and how
she would feel. You was only thinking about you and nothing else but you and
what you want to get.
In other words
To her, all you cared about and saw, and know is her ass, tits, and her pretty face.
You didn't know anything else because you didn't get to know her ﬁrst = lust.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I know keeps on being annoying to me. my mom says that
means she likes me. what does that really mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you're not conﬁdent to stand up for yourself and set boundaries, the line
for people to know how to treat you with respect.
You don't have to be harsh at someone but you do need to be ﬁrm in educating
people around you on the line to not step over or they will keep doing it.
If a guy annoys you, what you're going to do? Let him keeep doing it? So why is it
any diﬀerent when it's a girl?
927 Views · View Upvoters

Should I block people or argue with them on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I give people chances, let them say what they need to and then I argue my case. I
know though from the very ﬁrst comment that she or her will be an ass, and later
you'll see such folks don't answer your question when you tell them to clarify and
suddenly they become insulting, sarcasting, because they cannot stand up to
what hey say and try do such tactics to get you to do same.
I then just block the person.
So I do give chances but if they start being a pain in the ass, well, I see answers are
more important than commenting. No one is entitle either for me to even answer
their comments. I had some think they entitled. Make you laugh at their mindset.
Either way, I don't have time debating and going round in circles and I use Quora
just to answer questions more than debating in comments. Even if my arguments
stands on it is own, I block too. It's there for me to use and I will use it.
So yeah, give chance, but I take it away with a block if it's getting just ridicolous in
comment.
149 Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys that have few skills and are barely proﬁcient, have
almost no idea what they are doing yet often have MORE
success, than guys that learn and study for years but have
nothing to show for it?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guys who have few technical skills can hire other people who got the skills they
need. The rest they focus on marketing, sales, social networking, building

partnerships with other people, leaders, organisation and even connecting with
audience.
Just because someone has talent or skills doesn't mean they'll succeed.
How many artists with amazing talents still can't sell their work or succeed in a
ﬁeld they are in? Plenty of them even today are not succeeding in regards to how
society sees success.
And yet....we got Banksy, and you see Banksy gets the idea.Understands it isn't
just about skills of the art, but marketing, having people one can secretly rely on,
and building a large audience and doing things very diﬀerent than most would
ever do because they haven't the other knowledge they truly need, and
understanding of human psychology - as well as making it work for them
eﬀeciently.
In other words, such people who succeed know success isn't about them but they
needed to learn how to inﬂuence, motivate, and persuade other people, leaders,
experts, audience and even the mainstream media.
2k Views · View Upvoters

What do teenage boys think of nice, pretty, and intelligent
girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There's not much you can do if she isn't approachable. Worse if the guy has fear of
rejection and doesn't approach her.
If that's the case then nothing will happen. She can have an IQ of 180 and be very
nice as well as pretty but it won't do much.
Why?
Sitting pretty and nice isn't going to say to a guy:
'Hey I like you. Approach me. Come and say hello to me.'
It doesn't mean anything if a guy doesn't approach to say hello and ask the girl
out. She has to do more than look nice, petty and intelligent.
Any guy who sees such a girl won't be saying, "wow. Look how pretty, nice and
intelligent she is."
The guys will be thinking along these lines:
- She's out of my league
- What if she rejects me
- What if I mess
- It's not the right time to approach her
- She looks busy. It might be awkward
- She might say no anyway
It usually ends with most guys walking away and wondering what could have
happened. Probably kicking themselves later for not taking action.
Plenty of pretty, nice and intelligent girls wondering why guys don't approach
them. You only have to look on Quora to see.

2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Are women naturally ashamed of showing her breast, or she is
not and it is the society makes her to be ashamed of it?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Naturally ashamed? Shame and modesty are inventions. These are not natural to
human beings but have been indoctrinated, programmed, socially conditioned if
you read the history of sex.
Today, wearing clothes seems natural but many years ago, women and men
bathed naked in sauna's together, walked naked, talked about sex openly,
atheletes trained and fought naked, and wearing even draws were done by
prostitutes.
So nakedness was seen as noble, honesty, and shows conﬁdence, but as time went
on, powerful people and religious clerk, began inﬁltrating society with ideas,
concepts, laws, and using stories, and their own media machine.
If you do research through history you'd be surprised how much of what we think
is not normal, was back then, and you'd see why that change happened, much of
it was very sinister, about control, power, but even then, there is some good that
did come from it.
As for society making women feel ashamed. Sorry but society follows, whatever
changes happen. Social norms are dictated by the way majority of society
behaves, and this is controlled by a long history of social conditioning, education,
leglisation, mainstream media, and other avenues of information for many
years; to such it creates our perception.
Perception then becomes a person's truth.
When it comes all together we have...social pressure, anxiety, insecurities, fear of
being judged, ostracised, labelled, isolated, pointed at etc.
229 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says she needs space?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What does it mean when the girl I just started dating needs space?

Usually it means she's preparing you in a psychologial way before the break up
happens. It's common phrase used for breakup.
Not always but it's commonly used for breaking up later.
We can also ask what has happened. Just assumptions by the way....
1. You were escalating too fast or too slow. Not making moves or too fast.
2. Showing far too much aﬀectionate behavior in beginning
3. Spending way too much time with her in week. Maybe seeing her 3-5 a week.
4. Calling her and texting her everyday like you haven't a life of your own, and
just far too available, not a challenge.
5. Or she wasn't that into you in ﬁrst place.
Whatever it is, if she really was into you then she'd want to work it out. I
personally don't believe in 'I want space.' Space from what? Either we sort it out,
work it out or we move on kind of thing.

Instead of being left hanging.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it better to talk to a girl about my feelings towards her or is it
better to text?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you like a girl and you are not dating, then you don't show aﬀectionate
behavior in the beginning. You don't tell her how you so love her and all that
feelings, because she hasn't emotionally invested in you yet. There is nothing
going on with you yet. You haven't been dating for months, kissed, sex, and all
that and so forth. You're telling someone something these things when the ﬁrst
steps hasn't been established yet.
You also don't tell a girl how you feel with text or phone call. You do it face to face
so she sees your eyes, the sincerity expression your face, as you talk, your body
language.
But only after you have been dating for sometime.
First approach to show interest and to see if she is interested in you. You
approach without the lovey dovey spilling your guts to her because you don't
know if she wants to date you yet. So you share all that information, about how
you feel blah blah and yet, she rejects and walks away just like that.
Step back, check your emotions, ﬁrst approach to show you're interested in her
and ask her out for a drink or walk, whatever, to get to know her . First ﬁnd out if
she is interested in you and give it time with dating, being intimate before you
say such words.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ﬁgure out the perfect moment to kiss my girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is when we I was at school and it hasn't changed since adulthood. Me and
my mates were very diﬀerent to most students. We dressed diﬀerent and behaved
very diﬀerent. You can say cocky fun and street wise.
But there was always a time, when some guys would come up to us and talk and
suddenly we'd hear...
"Man, when do you kiss a girl? When's the perfect moment?"
Me and my friends would be shocked, look at each other wondering what the hell
was going on.
'What you on about about perfect time?" We'd ask
"You know, when do you hold hands, hug, kiss, and..."
I'd turn to my girlfriend, 'Hey, when did we kiss?"
Girl - Hahah. Immediately before we even dated. You approached me, had a
laugh, fun, took my hand, played around and we talked, and you kissed me."
Me - Yeah, that's how it was
Turning to the guys who were asking..

Me - You feel me? Girls date us because they know exactly what's going to
happen. We dress the part. We talk the part. They KNOW what to expect when
they see us. We don't play safe. We take risks. We are willing for a no, because
we're not here to impress but to have fun, date, and chill. Girls date
you....because...they know exactly what's not going to happen. Nothing.
So here goes...in explaining what I mean.
From day one I have escalated. I don't play it safe. I'm conﬁdent from day one.
Even when I was at school years ago, I was conﬁdent, cocky fun guy. When I was
with a girl ﬁrst time and she knew I liked her, and she liked me, and I asked her
out, I was escalating, already, holding hands.
Oooooh, can't do that. That's soo" Cut that bs out please. Every girl is diﬀerent.
Some girls will, some girls won't, some girls will be downright "EWWW. No way."
Those girls told me what I need to know. They are not my type. Move on.
You feel me?
You on other hand, got her right up on a pedestal, working so hard to impress her,
you won't make a damn move, waiting for the perfect moment. You never
escalated from day one so now, well, you're stuck.
Now you don't know her for real. You don't know a damn thing about her. All you
know is she said yes, and you're dating if you call it a date.
This is called screening and I rather be honest in who I am than pretend, to please
a girl and be frustrated about what, when, and how like most guys are. Waiting for
what so many here on Quora keep asking regarding signals.
That doesn't mean all girls will be ok about it but I wasn't bothered about girls
who weren't ok about it. Same when I grew older. I wasn't bothered about women
who weren't ok anout it. Ididnt care about the women who want to play slow, or
hard to get, or whatever.
So there is no reason for women to leave comments on my answerr on saying 'But
if it was me I wouldn't blah blah.'
I ddn't wait for the right time, right moment, that special time to impress her. It
happens now, in ﬁrst approach to see who she is, and for her to see who I am. If
we don't click, it's over. I move on.
So, since she meets me on a date, her frame of mind knows the type of guy I am.
When the date happens, she knows what I'm like, she's seen what I'm like, she
understand I'm not going to play the nice guy who waits for weeks to kiss. She
knows. So on that ﬁrst date, I am smiling, and I embrace, kiss her on forehead,
amd take her hand and we walk.
She isn't,....surprised it happens and nor do I ask permission for a kiss, or hold
hands either. She's with me, dating me. That was taken care of when I approached
her from day one, before we even called each other and sorted out when to meet
up to date and walk etc.
Now if you're not that type of guy, like most guys - if you cannot take risks, if you
fear the girl will run away to mummy or friends and "oOooooh my god, he kissed

me, he's such a perv and i wanted it to be slow, he didn't even ask me if I wanted a
kiss" then don't do it.
This has saved me from waiting for the right time, working so hard to impress,
looking for signals, and being hesistent right to now, the present as a man.
There is no right time, moment. There is only a guy with balls to lead and see
what happens next and learn from the feedback he gets.
EDIT.
So what's your solution now because if you take action, way I do, you're screwed.
It be sudden death because it's not you, and behavior will be very diﬀerent to how
you set in beginning and so forth?
1. Slowly just touch her, like even a shoulder touch. Like when you're conversing
with her, make it part of a conversation. Doesn't have to be touch much. Light
touch on arm, and let go.
2. Sometimes touch her ﬁngers. See the feedback, is she responding is she
pushing away? Learn to read the feedback.
3. Make strong eye contact when you're together talking face to face, and look at
her eyes, her lips, her eyes, her lips.
4. Work towards holding hands. You need to get her use to you doing these things
gradual and slow.
So gradual because there isn't a special moment but there is a build of sexual
tension you do, now and easy. So everytime you meet, touch her, or embrace
slightly, etc. It has to be done this way because you didn't do so in beginning.
Then all these slowly add up and leads to kiss in other meetings with her. One
step at a time. Making her feel comfortable and not awkward.
This has worked for some of my friends who are introverts and some guys who
very shy in beginning, so they has to gradually do things as it become congruent
or in harmony to who they are from when they ﬁrst met her and they been seeing
each other kind of thing.
And if you do want to kiss, make sure it's not in front of lots of people. She needs
to be comfortable and also, you respect her too. It's not easy to kiss in front of lots
of people, so isolate somewhere, even if it's an empty bus stop or something.
Good luck and all best.
693 Views · Answer requested by Ronnie Baller

How can I appear sweet to a girl that I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You buy her nothing. You don't approach girls kissing their asses to impress them
and put them on a pedestal. You're being far too serious from day one without
ﬁrst approaching her and ﬁnding out if she's into you too.
You don't show aﬀectionate behavior in beginning. This is where most guys get it
all wrong in thinking they can buy girls to say yes, and impress them. You should
be enough, for her to see if she likes you and wants to date you.
Attraction is not a choice.
One girl will like you and another won't, and not because you bought her ﬂowers

or chocolates but because the map in her head is telling her you don't ﬁt with
what she sees in her mind and what she desires in a guy who she'd date.
Also when you start buying before date, you could attract girls who see you as
some guy to use and abuse. So back away from buying anything and forget
thinking you have some power to win any girl over by buying anything.
Just approach and be conﬁdent to show you're interest without showing
aﬀectionate, deep romantic behavior. You'll creep her out and make her feel
awkward. You ﬁrst need to approach, be fun,strike a conversation and then ask
her out for a drink to a cafe or walk.
That is it.
Don't make this complicated and don't put people on pedestal. That's how you
get walked all over.
897 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl doesn't know if she likes you
back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She said she doesn't know if she likes you back, which means - she is rejecting
you in a nice way to avoid conﬂict.
It is a no and you shouldn't orbit around her, trying to chase her, change her mind
and all that - except you need to go and approach other girls.
Doesn't mean all girls will say yes and you will get lots of rejection as it's that's
how it is in dating but if you keep going, you will get better and you will meet
someone who can be honest in saying,'yes' or 'no.'
She isn't into you. If she was she would have said yes.
You'll get many girls who will say things like..
I'm not looking for a relationship
I'm not ready for a relationship
I'm not ready for a serious relationship
I'm too busy studying
I'm too busy blah blah
I don't know
These are rejections but saying it in a way without saying no. Don't fall for the
trap to keep chasing, pleading and overthinking it. Move on.
691 Views

How can I introduce myself to the mother of the girl I want to
date and how will I ask her mom if I can date her daughter?
Should I ask directly that I want to date her daughter or I will
make friends and talk to her mother ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know how old you are. But anyways....I have never asked a parent to date
their daughter. I went and asked the girl herself. I'm not here to impress the
mother nor anyone else. Nor kiss their asses. Doesnt mean I don't respect but hey,
you need to focus on the girl not anyone else.

You need to show the girl your interest and ask her out than making it all
complicated. Forget all that, trying to play safe.
Approach the girl herself, show her respect. She's the one who is going to say yes
or no, and it's not her mom's decision to say yes.
Imagine, her mom says yes, and you then go to daughter and she will say no. Girls
like a guy who shows conﬁdence and approach them.
That's her story, not her moms. Approach the girl, be fun, don't show aﬀectionate
lovey dovey in beginning phase. Keep that for much later, when dated many a
times, kissed, had sex, been intimate deeply. Or you can show all that and you
don't even know she's into you and will say yes.
Approach and and say you like to know her more and ask her out for a drink or
coﬀee. Be fun, light hearted, not serious.
You're approach is too serious. Lighten up.
Approach the girl.
18 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Aj Osoya

If a girl holds your gaze does she like you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only reason you're hesistant and looking for signals is fear of rejection. Don't
want to take the risk and hoping for some ccertain signal or action which won't
happen. I've been there and I'm sure many have too.
It is attaching to an outcome when really, it's all in your head. If there is no action
from you, then see it as all in your head until you take action and get real
feedback. Because being hesitent if she knew you was looking and not taking
action shows you lack conﬁdence, your intimidated by her and that you don't
really demonstrate the attractive qualities that girls like.
The remedy I found is this adnd it is really the only thing you need to know:
1. Do you like what you see?
2. Would you like to ﬁnd out more about her?
3. If yes, do not hesistate but get up and approach, and be conﬁdent and say..
"Hi, I know this seems forward but I saw you and I felt you're someone I like to
know. My name is ..."
And from there you can converse a little, show her your personality, ask her for
number and even ask her out.
Anything else is a waste of time, energy, eﬀort and doesn't get you anywhere.
There is a saying I read on somewhere on Quora...
"If you see a diamond then go and get it because if you don't, just know someone
else will."
Don't live with regrets. Just go for it and even if it hurts a little if there is rejection,
you will grow in conﬁdence everytime you do this, and the next girl will feel it,
and she will want to know you because she will feel the same way to.

But you will never know until you try.
6k Views · View Upvoters

Is it that bad to fall in love with a 16 year old girl when I am 24
year old guy? People around me ﬁnd it disgusting. I dont
understand. im just in love whats wrong with that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Of course some people will ﬁnd it disgusting.
The reason is our brain is automarically wants to judge, label, categorise and it's
primary function is to detect threat. So if something isn't see as a social norm
today then it is seen as wrong, or weird, or strange and all sorts of labels will be
put on it.
Like even the stigma of when women approach men. Do you know why?
Women are afraid of being judged, ostracised by society, other women as sluts,
whores, too easy if they approach men. Which is what most guys don't
understand when they ask, 'why won't women for a change approach guys
because it is the 21st century.'
Just because it is the 21st century, just because there are diﬀerent relationship,
like marriage, and non traidition relationship like fuckbuddies, open
relationship, etc - well, doesn't mean shit.
The brain hasn't evolved much. We're still living in a predatorary world. We still
live in a social world where people do things to feel important, to be validated,
accepted, to ﬁt in.
Everyone is going to tell you they are right.
Have you noticed something?
Look and see. Most here giving their advise on Anonymous mode! See how it is
now mate? People cling on to their social status like it's their bread and butter.
Survival.
It is ﬁlled with culture, social norm behaviors, that dictates perception, one's own
realities.
You see celebrities aged 40 dating 16 year old and getting married later at 18. You
think they give a damn what society thinks.
You know why they don't give a damn?
Because they have CHOICE too and masses don't.
They don't hide behind an Anonymous mode either. They don't need to
because they are not depended on societies approval and fear of losing
societies acceptance.
Masses have to be careful what others think and to even share openly they fear
their reputation, their name and someone they know is reading their opinion.
To do such a thing can even rip them out of relatives, friends network and isolate

themselves from their social group.
They have to be careful cause their career, pay check to pay check is on the line
and they live in that neighbourhood everyday, under prying eyes.
So of course people going to give you headache, judge because that is their reality
being threaten. That is their way of thinking being threatened. That is their
perception being threatened. That is their culture being threatened. That is all
they were taught, told what is normal and what isn't being threatened.
What do you think you're asking people here for?
You think I go anywhere asking people questions about my relationships,
my life, from strangers, and why world don't accept?
No because....I am asking people to answer from....
Their perception. Their reality. Their way of thinking. So of course some are going
to give you headache and every kind of stuﬀ like too young, emotional, taken
advantage of, perv blah blah blah.
Of course some might say, 'no it's ok.'
People's perception, our perception is our truth.
It's not right. It's not wrong. It is perception and so all you are going to hear is
their truth and my truth.
So What Do You Do Then?
If legal age, you're not breaking the law then you better learn to stand up for
yourself because it is not easy going for what you want in life.
Whatever it is, business, money, achieving success in corporate world and even in
music, arts. Even if it is dating young girls, or older guy dating young girls, or
young girls dating older guys and on and on it goes.
Along the way you will meet human beings who will tell you what you cannot do,
what cannot happen, what must not happen.
So you then need to step back...
Think carefully...
Make sure you're decision is a solid one.
And be prepare to stand up for your truth.
Everywhere you go you will ﬁnd someone telling you what you can't do, what you
shouldn't do. Everywhere. Not just for dating, not just for business, not just for
career, not just for sex, but mostly everything.
What you going to do?
Worry about what someone says all time or what they think about you and what
you do?
Here's the only thing you need to worry about..

1. She is of legal age.
2. Sex protection and education.
3. She is happy.
4. You get along with her parents.
You see what I'm getting at here?
This world will rip you apart mate, like a pack of wolves, who come with their
own truths - if you don't have the balls to stand up for your truth. If you care so
much what other people think, you are done, ﬁnised.
That's why it's disgusting for people around you.
It's their perception. Their truth. It doesn't mean it's right nor wrong. It just
means that's what they believe and it's their reality.
Now you're questioning if it bad. You're asking others, whether it is bad.
Why?
For acceptance? Validation? Approval from society?
Forget about that for a moment. What about her? You approached, you started,
and you should have thought this long and hard before you stepped into her life
because....it impacts her life too.
If you haven't got the backbone to be real with yourself and her, and worried what
others around you think - you shouldn't even have bothered.
So forget about you now, what about her?
What about how you're doubt impacts her life?
What about what she's going through?
What about her feelings, her life with her realtives, and headaches from her
friends and then she sees you.....having doubts...and wondering what others
thinks.
What about you starting something you might not even want to ﬁnish because
everyone around you says it's digusting.
Like you didn't even know when really....you did know what they'd think.
44 Views · Answer requested by Kimwel Pinili

How do I make people succeed?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remember a story I share sometimes and roughly it goes like this..
There was this boy who heard a dog yelp. He turned to look at the opposite side of
the road to see a dog. Everytime someone walks past the dog it will cry in pain.
The boy was concerned and crosssed the road.
He said to the dog owner..

'Sir, why is the dog crying in pain?"
"He is sitting on a plank of wood and there's a nail on it. So everytime someone
walks past, they step on plank and nail hits the dogs butt."
"But why won't you move the dog?"
"I tried but he has a personality where he growls at me when I do."
"Well, why won't the dog move himself as it's hurting him?"
"Because it's not hurting enough."
If you look at how many self help books been published, how many coaches and
mentors there are, how much technology we have today, and how we live in an
amazing time - and yet people still struggle with the basics to change their life.
People still have the same problems they can pick up a book to learn how to ﬁx or
make a call for help.
People have routines, pattern and that pattern is so strong at times that it needs
the individual to dream so strong, desire pulsating, a reason why that ticks them
oﬀ, that they take action and consistent action.
To even begin, one needs to deﬁne what success means to them, and to believe
they can succeed, and to work diligently in their thought process, changing
habits and routines and be vigilant as habits are tenacious.
I am in my 40s, I haven't given up in my pursuit of a dream. It took at age 39 for it
to happen big. With it came homelessness, and a whole lot of challenges sky high
before I ever got to achieve my goals in my life and I haven't even started yet.
What got me to keep going even against the odds?
It wasn't because someone made me succeed. People around me were telling me
it can't happen. World was telling me it can't happnen. Teachers, parents,
religious clerks, Bob next door and anyone else who wanted to be an expert, were
saying it just won't happen.
So even if you can provide everything to someone, if that person doesn't believe
in themselves -- when they go back to their environment which might be dark or
ﬁlled with people who drag others down - he or she might quit.
I didn't because I left a country, to come to UK with a burning purpose. I meant
business and I was ready to ﬁght for it and do whatever, no matter how long it
takes. I didn't think..
'If it doesn't work then..'
I thought like this, 'I'm going to make it work no matter how long or whatever it
takes, as long I don't hurt anyone.'
If the person is in an evironment that is supportive, nurturing, there is a greater
chance but even then - it must come from the individual themselves.
Not a day goes by, when I feel grateful for all the books authors wrote, the
technology people who believed invented, and being in England that graciously
let me go for my goals and dream. All these helped and always be thankful for all
this but it was that sheer ﬁght in me that got me to where I am today.
I cannot remember one person who said, 'I can do it' except the girlfriends I
dated, and who wondered how come man of talents was having a hard time. They
didn't know that having talent and hard work doesn't mean you'll succeed. It

takes a lot of other things too which was my responsibility to learn, invest in,
ﬁght for and that is what I did.
I've see many people get all they want to go for whatever they desire. Even a gym
that has all they need around the corner of their house, and even after paying
membership they still didn't do much and go, and complained it was the weather,
or too busy and so forth.
If there was anything I'd add it be....to just create a positive environment with the
education, tools needed and encouragement for people to access and then you
lead yourself by example - because no one can really make anyone succeed.
You can only do what great coaches do - provide what I mentioned and hope, the
person ﬁnds the big reason why to just go and do it; without comparing
themselves to other people and desire for validation and acceptance from others.
200 Views · View Upvoters

Why do some people pay $40,000 for a watch? I'm trying to
understand the psychology behind Rolex's business model.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's called survival.
When people buy a ferrari, a $5million house, a rolex watch worth $40,000 they
buy because it deﬁnes them....in the world they live in.
It is buying into the meaning for them = social status.
The symbolism of wealth, ﬁnancial independance, freedom, power. Buying what
many cannot aﬀord to buy. Exclusivity. Luxury.
Then rationalise it with - it's an investment, high quality, last longer etc.
935 Views · View Upvoters

I am getting mixed signals from a girl. We have gone on long
walks and talked all night. We have much in common and I
think we are perfect for each other. She used her cute name for
me on a friend, rendering it a friendship. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 12, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do you do if a girl is giving you mixed signals?

The problem isn't her. The problem is fear of rejection and with it comes from
trying to play it safe. Trying to look for that perfect moment, clarity, certainty to
avoid taking the risks.
You're attached to the outcome i.e.
"What if she says no and rejects me."
"What if I'm not good enough for her."
"What if I make a fool of myself."
"What if it don't work out and it gets awkward."
This all comes from your own insecurities and social conditioning in fearing the
opinion of others and taking their opinion personal. Wanting validation,
acceptance and the attention when really these comes from neediness.
It's up to you go to approach or wait for a very long time, emotionally invest time,

eﬀort and ﬁnd she isn't into you. Or she was and now she just tired of waiting.
So you don't look for signals because if you do, you will always see mixed signals.
You will always look for certainty. Showing hesistency is already telling girls,
women that a guy...
1. Doesn't know what he wants
2. He doesn't go for what he wants
3. He is afraid to go for what he wants
4. He is intimidated by girls
5. He isn't into me.
6. He's doesn't like me
7. He doesn't see me that way
You're the one sending mixed signals to yourself. It's all in your head until you
take action. It's all the reasoning and logic kicking oﬀ in your mind and
preventing you to take action.
If you're like that now, you will be so when dating girls, that they'd get so bored of
you because you fear to esclate, kiss, hold hands and so forth. Fearful to oﬀend or
losing the girl. Fear of loss and attachement to the outcome.
Conﬁdent guys approaches always. They don't attache to the outcome. They will
feel uncomfortable but they still go and do it. They know the planet is full of girls,
women. If one says no, so what? Next. They don't put girls on pedestals.
It saves them a lot of time. They don't want to invest their emotions, time until
they know for sure, and they do that by approaching right there and then, and
getting it out of the way. If yes, awesome, if no they can move on faster.
At this moment it is all in your head.
I have plenty of people say to me on here....
"Oh but this isn't my style. It's not his style."
I'm like, 'what are these people on?'
I'm not talking about style. I'm talking about being a man. Having balls is not a
style. Having conﬁdence and being cocky and fun is not a style. Escalating from
beginning is not a style.
Walking up to a girl/woman and teasing, ﬂirting, turn her on, make her feel good,
and see if she will play hard to get now, then she will do so later on, and screen
such girls out is not a style.
Qualifying someone for your time isn't a style. Finding out if she is into you right
now isn't a style. Being masculine isn't a style.
It's being a man but we hear all time, 'Oh it's not my stye, I can't do that' but
people can change everything for a job, to make some landlord believe they can
be that tenant or to get a promotion.
There is no be yourself. It's about being a Better Version of ourselves so we need
skills, we need to be more attractive in our behavior and yes, we need to change
somethings or...stay put.
So here is my advise....if you like her for real...

Stop lookin for signals. Approach her and show your interest. Be conﬁdent,
honest but don't show lovey dovey aﬀectionate stuﬀ in beginning. Just ask her
out for a drink, a coﬀee like this...
"Hey, let's go out for a drink. What's your number?"
If you have her number..
"Hey, let's go out for a drink and chill. I know a great place. I'll call you tonight."
You can even do it spontaonously.
"Hey, what you upto now?"
"Nothing. Probably going home."
"Let's go out for a drink and chill. I like to get to know you more and not just as
friends." Smile and give eye contact.
"Ok. Great."
Then lead.
Take action. Be decisive and forget the nonsense of signals. She isn't going to
lead. You need to do that as most girls/women fear being judged, seen as too easy.
There is still stigma in society about it.
All the best and good luck. Just go for it and see how it goes. The world won't end
if she says no. Girls won't dissappear from the planet if she says no.
4.7k Views · View Upvoters

I asked my guy friend if he likes me as more than friends, and
he said yes. But he doesn't want to date because we're on the
same sports team, and his past relationships with people from
his former team haven't ended well. What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You move on. He would have said it for one of these two reasons:
A) He is being honest and that he doesn't want to date from his sports team. It
didn't end well before.
B)It's too close to home where everyone on team will know and he can't be
himself.
C) He isn't into and doesn't see you that way.
It doesn't matter which one. He said he's not interested and so you need to
respect his wishes and move on. Nothing else you can do about it.
330 Views

How do I make my family take me seriously?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Say nothing. Do. That's how you do it. I don't know your age but let's say you're
old enough to ﬁnd some job even if it's newspaper rounds.
You want to be taken seriously then it doesn't take asking anyone to show
support. You go and do it.

1. Go and get a part time weekend job
2. Make the money from your hard work
3. Find your passion, go and achieve.
4. Help with bills with money you make
So stop the talking and start doing.
489 Views · View Upvoters

How do I get this emo girl I like to notice me? (yes she knows I
like her)
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For a starters, if you know she likes you - she already notices you but not showing
it as much because she doesn't see you taking any action about it.
She fears rejection as much as you do.
But you need to be a guy who leads and ﬁnd your balls to approach the girl.
Conﬁdence gets someone noticed even more. Most guys will do nothing like
yourself, and just stare.
So don't stare. Walk up to her and say hi, and get to know her and tell her..
"I've seen you before and I've wanted to say hi to get to know you and to ask you
out. So here we are. Hi my name is....."
Now you got a start to break the ice and be fun, don't be boring, do ask her out,
get her number, lead.
Just say anything. It don't have to be something clever. Just approach and say hi
and get a conversation going.
210 Views · Answer requested by Ryan Freeman

In high school why don’t girls like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let's start with nursery school while sharing sketches that's based on this
question. I love psychology and it's one of the questions I had myself when I was
a teenaget at school but also the many going on in schools, college and in society.
In school the social dynamics is crazy, with diﬀerent tribes, groups, and sadly,
you can lose yourself because it's not much about studying, grades but rather
attention, validation, acceptance, and a whole lot of emotions going on.
To such, some girls (not all) but most will do whatever to get attention and even
watch others getting ridiculed...

I saw many girls and guys feel loneliness and the brute force of being picked on,
judged, ostracitised, bullied.
It is happening way before we come to school. As a child we cry and the moment
we do, we have created attention to get comfort .
The Beginning To Understand Why It Happens

When we were children, when we needed food we cry or when we needed comfort
we cry, or do something which gets us the attention. We learnt at early stage that
by doing certain things, we can get attention.
Even as children we can do things that are crazy, such as destroying our sisters
toy, or sister will tell on her sister to get her into trouble; to feel good or for
whatever reason. Looking back now, as adults we kind of wonder what on earth
was going on with us but that's how it is with survival.
We can even get jelous of our brother or sister who likes someone we like. I know I
got that a lot because the girls would come and talk to me or sit with me even in
nursery and well, it didn't go too well with others who are my blood but also other
young lads.
As we go into nursery we kind of mastered how to get attention but we go a bit
further. You'll see young boys in playground on one corner and so with girls - and
if each come together, you'll see some friction.
Some children, girls and guys will get along but there is a time when you'll see
something else happening. It's same in school and in school you will immediately
see who is who - or you can be the target very fast....

So now you're in a slightly bigger world and social dynamics changes in a sense
that you can truly feel the tension. You ﬁnd it's much more about how to ﬁt in,
stand out, who gets the girl, who gets the guy, who is cool and popular, who is not,
and a lot of games are happening.
It can get ruthless at times and it can be a lonley time too. I know for me, it was
because I came at a diﬀerent time in world. There weren't many blacks, arabs,
diﬀerent cultures back hen in school.
So in one hand it wasn't easy to make friends, I was an easy target for bullies and
got into trouble a lot for beating them up because I ﬁght back. However in the
other hand, I was diﬀerent for the girls, unique, talented in dancing,
breakdancing, singing, and just diﬀerent to most guys and so I got into trouble for
that too because this is survival.
Other guys didn't like some new guy attracting the girls. It was diﬃcult time for
me and for other students too...

You got lots of girls and guys, and all surviving to get attention, to protect their
territory, to do things for nothing more than to look good in front of their friends
and some will follow each other even if it is wrong but sometimes most don't
know it's wrong.
They just scared and just follow whatever the social norm dictates. I had girls,
taller than me trying to pick on other young lads and I had to step in. Girls can be
very ruthless and so can guys just to look good to others or feel good.

Sometimes we look back at our young lives and wonder why why didn't we stand
up to something we saw was wrong. Why did we let a girl who sat on back of class
being calling stupid names. Why did we not make friends with her.
What was so wrong about us then?

Fear is why. Survival.
It makes us do some stupid dumb stuﬀ we regret much late. Even become so
desperate to date some schmuck, a scumbag or a girl who doesn't treat you right
but you're so desperate for attention, comfort, love and all that. It makes us not
let anyone in because of what they were or who they are.
So you will get girls who are jelous due to their own insecurities.....

You will get girls who want to protect themselves to be in some girls group so they
try to behave in a way to be accepted, to ﬁt in, to be validated. You will girls who
compete. You will get girls who the most craziest thing just for attention.
And you'll see girls who are just quiet, staying away from crowd, head down, and
sometimes, even get picked on by these girls.
You'll see some being bitchy towards each other, some ridicule some girls about
clothes they wear, or how she is dating some guy, or how she isn't dating at all.
Competition kicking oﬀ.
That is the same with guys too. Some doing whatever they can to try to ﬁt in, to be
popular, fearing of being invisible and wondering if any girls would ever date
them....

This is the world you live in. The world outside is even bigger but usually, it's
more silently cowardly subtly done. or sometimes on your face.
The currency even in life right now is attention.
Attention is a multi-billion dollar industry. Always about getting the attention of
people, whether it is business, wheher it is getting people to use social media and
so you got these notiﬁcation on how you got votes, how someone commented on
your comment. You got attention for getting a job with getting a degree and
compete with your qualiﬁcations and CV.
You will many questions on Quoroa..
"How do I get the girl to notice me?"
"How do I get the guy to notice me?"
"How do I get more traﬃc to my blog?"
Attention.
So you need to understand this is the world you and I, all of us - live in and
understand people do things to survive and survival can mean many things...
1. To feel wanted
2. To be accepted
3. To ﬁt in and be part of a group than alone
4. To protect themselves from other girls
5. To get attention
6. To avoid pain, isolating, judging, bullying even if it means copying someone
who bullies or do nothing at all when bullies do something to others.
You will see girls and guys do many things that are cruel, hurtful but you also see

good too; girls and guys want to just hav fun, loving people, kind, considerate and
want to get know people and inspire.
The key is, know yourself and don't follow someone else's roadmap that's ﬁlled
with insecurities. Go deeper than most do....

Don't let the jelousy, the bs you see, and some who desire attention, get you
down. See it for what it is and not because it's you but their own insecurities,
fears. Then rise above it.
Rise above it where you don't need their respect, validation, approval or
acceptance and need to ﬁt in. Have your own core values sorted and let these
values dictate your behavior instead of following someone else's agenda..

In time you will see as Jane Parker mentioned here..
"Most people are so busy thinking about their own insecurities that they don't
even notice yours."
Most of the time it's not about you at all but someone else's fear, insecurities to
get attention from somewhere - whether from you or the crowd.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mavin Kakkar

How do I (girl) show a guy I am interested in him or ﬁnd out if
he is even available? We work at the same place so I wouldn't
want to put myself in an awkward position after...
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, appreciate that dating someone from where you work can lead to some
complications if it doesn't go well. So think carefully about that as it's very close
home. I don't ever date anyone in my social circle or work. I like to keep these
seperate from dating. Also look at the company policy on this discreetly.
However, if you think you're willing to take the risks then...
1. You don't need to mention anything about him having a girlfriend, and asking
him to bring her over if he has one to some party or drink at bar.
You do that then you are not showing interest in him and if you said that to me,
I'd take it that you're doing it to send me a signal that you're not interested and all
you want to be is friends.
2. Instead, you know you'll see this guy often work through the week. So ﬁrst
strike a conversation with him, get a feel of this guy and don't rush. He's not
going anywhere. Make eye contact and when you see him smile, brush your hair
aside, let him see body language. Do that a few times whenever you see him. Keep
doing so as you will lead it to something.....
Later, when you see him again, you can show interest like by approaching him to
talk or meet with other staﬀ at the bar and approach there. There is no rule of
thumb but it is better I think outside of work.
You don't need to hide your interest. Just be open after you got to know each
other, talked over drinks...

'So are you seeing anyone, you know....a girlfriend?"
See what he says. You can then take it from, exchange numbers to meet without
other staﬀ and outside working hours.
38 Views

I hurt my girlfriend emotionally then she left me, I asked for a
second chance but she just wants us to be friends, but I don't
want to give up on her so should I double my eﬀorts or tone it
down a bit or should I let her recover?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is logical to assume that the best option is to keep pleading, calling, texing and
trying to convince her. Instead what this does is it makes it worse and she will
become bitter and resent you for it.
You don't want to be friends with her either.
Here's why and with steps to apply..
1. NO CONTACT
This isn't about a game but rather it protects you. At this moment in time you're
at a place where you're self esteem has crashed. You're emotions are all over the
place and so, you'll be doing all sorts due to fear of loss, emotional attached.
You want to give this space ﬁrst for you to focus on you.
The second reason for no contact is you'll be helping her to emotionally get over
you if you become this friend. Think about it for a moment - the phone calls,
meeting her, talking for hours and all that makes it easier for her to get over you.
You don't want to be used like some tampon.
I know this sounds harsh but you need to appreciate all of us are human beings
and when it comes to emotions, to survive, we will do whatever it takes for our
own self ish reasons to feel good and get what we want. It's not a gender issue. It's
a human being issue.
Third, there is still lots of negativity in her mind and feelings about you. You
won't give room for her to think about the good things that happened in the
relationship if you're still around.
So no contact, no phone calls, no texting, no chasing her. You're at a vulnerable
emotional state right now and though your intention maybe good, you can do a
lot to damage the good that is left in the relationship.
The space you give allows someone to then have this wide gap of time in which,
any small changes you make in your life can be seen. Distance is important for
this too as people do notice you changing when you do.
That doesn't mean be rude when you see here in the street but it does mean to
give space and stay away. To not make any opportunity to ﬁx things. If you see
her in the street don't talk about getting back together. Show no agenda in such
matters but smile, say hello and small talk then go your own way.
Show you can move on and there is no drama.
2. FOCUS ON YOU

Now is the time to use this period to change your life, work on you. Look at one
thing or a few that you think you need to change about you. Whatever it is, only
you know.
Find your passion, look at your job, do better in life, sort out your mind and
emotions. Get stronger.
3. MOVE ON FOR REAL
I like you to think about this part for a moment. Imagine breaking up with
someone and you sees lots of drama due to the break up from the one you use to
daye. You experience mor pain, hassle, hurt, hassle, anger, negativity.
Would you even want to go back with this person? Especially after seeing what a
breakup can do and how they needy, desperate, cannot move on?
So you need to back away but also, show you CAN move on and it cannot be
faked. You must move on and that does mean dating someone else. That does
mean living your life, approaching other women and dating.
Throughout your life you may ﬁnd you're dating diﬀerent people, but one day
you meet that one person you really liked but you weren't ready, and now you're
single and this person is single.
But also, something has changed in your life.
You've matured, you've grown, you got it together and this is very attractive too.
Now I am not promising you will get back together because no one can promise
this. However, the possibility increases when you demonstrate attractive
qualities again, you can move on.
You're life shows you can demomstrate that you don't need a woman but rather
you have become a man with a life and attractive for a woman to desire to be with
such a man.
Whether she calls you, wants you back or not - your time wasn't wasted but rather
you have become a man of stronger character and you changed your life for the
better too.
8.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Curtis Carter

I always feel empty. I don't ﬁnd any topics to talk about with
people. What can I do to feel less empty?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 9, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm an introvert and before I didn't speak much. I'd always just observe but now
you can't stop me talking, conversing with people. Very diﬀerent person now
than I was years ago.
What changed?
1. I found what I'm really into and passionate about which is music art, anything
creative and had to learn marketing, psychology, sales and I also I am into
subjects about dating and relationships.
2. I went to places that are about music, art, and also went to events for business,
and met other marketers, and what I found it was so easy to talk about the things
I am into and was able to communicate with other people because they are into
what I'm too.

3. In time, I saw opportunities where I can write about my passion so I can reach
out to other artists and shate what has helped as an artist; and write now taking
brave step to launch my own website which I've designed myself...
So you can change things but it has to start ﬁrst with yourself in leaving the
comfort zone, ﬁnding out what you are into, and bring value to the table around
your passion which will attract people into what you're into. The void can't be
ﬁlled with people and just talking. You need to ﬁnd yourself, what you're into and
be honest in that way which helps your life and other people too.
I'm now very excited about life and future. Making lots of friends who are into
what I am into, and emptiness is ﬁlled with doing what I love with people who
have similar values and talents.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I test if a girl likes me?
Adam Taha, I create illustrations using Photoshop
Updated Dec 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't test. You know why?
It hurts someone. It messes their mind up. It is done by guys and girls, men and
women who fear rejection and who are attached to the outcome. That fear of 'no.'
That need, hunger, yearning to be accepted, validated, approved, to impress.
Just be direct in an attractive manner.
You approach her to ﬁnd out more about her. You approach, be genuine, using
your personality - and if all goes well, you see she's great to be with you, some
connection - then ask her for her number, and lead it to later or there and then to
as out for a drink or coﬀee. If she says no, great! You are not attached to the
outcome.
You found out what you need to know and planet is full of girls.
No games. No test. No falling for 'play hard to get' tests and games. Just approach
a girl you like and ask her out in an attractive manner.
Don't make it complicated for yourself and for the girls you approach. Be
genuine, honest. Let go of being attached to the outcome. Have a mindset of
abundance.
658 Views · View Upvoters

A guy asked me to hang out with him a couple of times, and the
last couple of times we watched movies in his apartment. He
never makes a move. Why? How does one distinguish between a
guy being friendly and being interested?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Dec 31, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Unfortunately, the guy has a problem with escalation. He wants to make the
move but he's afraid if he does, you'll reject. You'll resist. It's not you, it's him and
it happens a lot.
You know why it happens a lot?
Social conditioning. Lots of magazines, psychologists in mainstreams, videos,
internet and a whole lot of nonsense to make a guy fear- rejection. Far too much
waterdown advice, information, and what society thinks, that most guys won't
make a move.

On top, he has lack of self conﬁdence.
He hasn't the balls to do so. This is what we mean by.. NICE GUY. Waits way too
long to escalate. Rationalised by his logic that...
"It's because, erm, I so like the friendship and don't want to lose it."
In other words, "I don't want to suddenly get rejected because rejection is
painful."
You either make a move or you don't bother with him because it looks like you're
into this hangout friend thing he's framing it as - as you are.
7.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Stacy Star

Is this guy interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have been screened out. He found out what he needs to know. Somehing I
had a debate with some on Quora who argued "EWWW. I wouldn't hold a guy's
hand on ﬁrst meeting or when he sees me."
Well, this is what happens if you don't assume intimacy, girlfriend attitude on the
ﬁrst date. I'm sorry but you went out on a date, what is it you expected? This is
called Kino, to touch, to show you're sexually attracted to the guy and it gets
awkwardiness out of the way.
It's not sex. It's not some full blown activity in bed. If you wanted to next date
with him, if you wanted to really show you'reinterested well, you would have
gone past that "I'm not intimate."
That doesn''t mean you'll ﬁnd guys who are like that. Sure, you'll ﬁnd some shy
guy, or some guy who takes it real slow. I'm sure plenty of women will think same
as uyourself too and guys.
But there are plenty of guys who don't, and that goes for me too. There is no
wrong or right. It's just way we are, we're all diﬀerent, with own experience,
projecting all we are and thinking into that ﬁrst date etc.
If woman was reserved like that, doesn't want intimacy, well, I personally move
on. No point in meeting again for date and I might as well see the girl as nothing
more but some friend and keep in that zone. I want to know right there and then
if there is a connection, sexual attraction, right there and then or I'm not going to
be bother for next date.
Does that mean I am an asshole? A creepy? New school? No, it means that's me.
That's how I roll and looks like - that is how he rolls too.
He saw that ain't happening and thought, "Ok, she is not interested or into me in
that way. Treat her some friend then."
Yes, it's over. It's done. He's moved on.
885 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Helen Lee

Is it creepy to suddenly send a guy (been on a couple date but
not anymore) his artwork you found on youtube?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't do that just yet. If he hasn't contacted you and talked you for weeks, I
would ﬁrst send a text to say how how he is going. But 3 weeks it seems he's not
interested or there is some communication problem between you both if he is.
First text and see the response from there.
64 Views

How come guys do not approach me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't know if you're super hot as I don't know you or know what you look like.
But what I can share are the following.
Most guys fear rejection. You won't believe how busy I am in consultation with
guys who have so much anxiety approaching women. It's like an epidemic but I
understand where they come from as I was there too years ago.
So a woman they like can be standing right next to them and many won't make a
move. Many would like to but many don't. They fear rejection, feel anxiety at the
thought of approaching. Years of social conditioning and so, you'll ﬁnd most guys
might look at you but they won't take action.
There are things you can do:
1. Be approachable. Smile.
2. Make eye contact.
Try diﬀerent things to see what works for you.
It's very diﬃcult for me to say what is happening but from my experience, and
from meeting hundreds after hundreds of guys; fear of rejection is big. It's real to
them and so most will just kick themselves for not approaching.
So you have options.
You either ﬁnd a way to be approachable, or you wait until a guy you like has the
balls to approach you. It can take a long time if you wait for a guy to approach
you.
4.5k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Mona Lee and Samantha Razon

Why does the guy i used to talk to always ask if i hate him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This could have been solved by communicating and getting it out of the way. It's
easy for anyone to say focus on studies. I haven't forgotten what it's like to be a
student, with attractive girls about, and seen what it does to girls and guys too
when their hormones are kicking oﬀ.
Let assume we are over thinking this and if we are then it be in the line of what
I'm going to say but please do contact him, and communicate, be open to what
you feel and see what he says so you can move on.
Ok here goes...
I'm going to put myself on the line here and say, he didn't have the conﬁdence
and courage to ask you out, and probably expected you to ask him out. His
intention was diﬀerent to being a friend.

Since you were friends, for sometime, let's a say a few months, it was diﬃcult for
him to transition from friend to asking you out for dating. Fearful of the rejection
and awkwardiness it can create later on, although it has created just that and
confusion.
So all the tension built up and up, until he knew he couldn't talk anymore and
needed to do something like either ask you out or date someone else.
Since he didn't have the conﬁdence to ask you and since he feared loss of
friendship (although it is more of the feeling of asking a friend out that really
creates such dramaitc feeling) .....he choose the least resistence.
When the pain is greater than the pleasure i.e. when doing something that can be
very scary is bigger than what one wants - the person chooses the least resistence.
They choose easier options - asking another girl out.
When a guy says he cannot handle this relationship, he has some expectations,
more than just being a friend. It was easier for him to go and ask someone out
who isn't really a friend.
Now that is overthinking and you can only really know if you and him
communicate. Just don't hold back and just tell him how you feel, and so he
opens up to say what it is. It can mean nothing.
All the best and hope all goes well.
2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Emily Pascale

What does it mean when someone stares at you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget what it means. The lasting eﬀect when you do nothing about it will be with
you for a very long time. Example....
I was standing and waiting with lots of people to get my British Naturalisation. It
was in London at Wandsworth Borough Council Building.
Here I was, leaning on wall and this blonde girl looking at me from not far way. I
mean literally staring at me.
What did I do?
Nothing.
And she didn't stop either. When she was in que about 8 people ahead of me, she
was turning her head looking at me.
What did I do? Nothing.
When I went to toilet, I hear footsteps behind me running and it was her, smiling
and walking to the female toilet.
What did I do to stop her, talk to her?
Nothing.
Well, when all was over, to collect the photos and certiﬁcate, she was gone.

After weeks and months, I had all these awesome ideas of what I could have done.
Pathetic! One of my regrets. You know how guys stare at a girl, I mean stare? Well
she was doing just that.
London is so big. I won't be able to ﬁnd her. Tried all sorts, missed connections on
craiglist, on other sites with ads, nothing. Far too many people in London, very
big city. We don't miss opportunities. We're just not prepared when they come
and I wasn't back then. I didn't approach enough women to have that strong
emotion to just do it without worry about social pressure.
Fortunately for me, this was all I needed to give me a kick up the butt and not
worry anymore what women think if I approach. I dont care because that feeling
you have is nasty, it just doesn't make you feel like a man.
Round and round it goes in your head on what could have happened. That ﬁrst
conversation, the ﬁrst kiss, the ﬁrst touch and so on.
I rather have 100 rejections and more than that feeling.
Never again.
From that day forward I don't look for signals. I don't look for the meaning. I don't
know why any woman stares, smiles, plays with her hair, - I am not going to think
about. I'm just going to approach.
All I know is this - I'm going to ﬁnd out.
Everything else, is all in our heads until we approach and ﬁnd out.
If I have sons or daughters, that be my advise. Don't think when you see
someone you like. Just approach and throw everything to the wind. It
happens or not, at least you don't live with regret and that nasty feeling
of....what if or if only.
21.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Dana Cabera

Should I stop talking to my exboyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're at the Casino. You're playing and I see you lose $100. I walk up to you and
say....
"Come on, let's go."
"No!" You say, "I need to get the $100 back."
"Please. You're going to lose more."
But you don't listen to me. You cannot see what I see with all these emotions. I've
been where you been. I've been at this Casino but somewhere else. I know what's
going to happen. I know how, what, if and why and I don't need a degree in
psychology to reveal what is going to happen.
I am life. I call people, I whisper, I show them the red ﬂags. I try but sometimes
emotions of people get in the way and I cannot be heard.
You play some more and you lose $800 in total!
"Oh for pete sake! Please, walk away!"

"NO!" You shout, "I got to win the money back. I can do this!"
I have no power. I can only watch the replay of my life happening all over again. I
turn away and walk a little, staring outside at the sun hitting the street. I lean
back and just watch from a far as you play.
You place your bet, you lose again. You place some more money and lose some
more. Until you lose.....$10,000!
I don't say a word and just watch.
You bet some more and this time you WIN $300.
This is like when your ex dissappoints you time and time again, hurts you time
and time again and suddenly a little window of hope appears - and - you forget all
the pain because of this thing called hope.
That's how these Casino's trap you to play some more and to invest more until
they the take everything they can out of you and you walk away in deep trouble.
I run over and I say...
"OK, let's go."
You look at the $300 and you say..
"I can win some more! If I won $300 then I can win some more."
But you see, you cannot change him. Yes you had some little window of hope.
Thinking that tiny moment is a sign that all will be well. That one day he will
change. That one day it be like you always wanted.
You don't listen and just before you place the $300, I grab your hand and I look
deep into your eyes, and say...
"Don't do it. Walk away. Walk away with the self respect you got left."
"I can win more money. I can do this. I can CHANGE this!"
Like you think you can change the guy.
I walk away to the automatic sliding door and turn my head one ﬁnal time and I
see you crying on the ﬂoor. There is nothing I can do. I tried.
Now it's down to you and life is giving you the warnings....
Walk away from the Casino!
Invest the time, eﬀort to start fresh. Close all communication. Get that Casino out
of your life. No more contact. No more talking. No more texting, emailing,
nothing, nada.
That way you give time for you to heal, move on, and start fresh and realise, you
cannot ﬁll the emptiness, the void with a man but ﬁrst loving yourself enough to
realise this isn't how good it gets.
It can get better this but you got to have the courage to walk out of the Casino!
There's the automatic sliding door.

You see it?
It's up to you. Life has already given you chances. It has already giving you
warnings. It has already called out to you to leave the Casino.
Well, life isn't going to call out anymore.
This time you got to do it yourself.
Walk out of the Casino. Just keep walking, don't look back at the table. Keep
looking forward towards the bright future.
311 Views · View Upvoters

I've read that you should not try to be friendly with someone
you want to date. What should you do then?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think I know what you mean. If I am right, I'm guessing here - you mean to not
be friends with someone for a long time when you real intention from day one is
to want to date her?
So assuming then it's not about someone you're already friends with. This is
about you already got intention that you like this person.
Then yes - and I here's why...
Honesty.
In any relationship you need to have clarity, honesty, be authentic. You need to be
genuine and real. If want to date someone and you approach under the pretence
of friendship - you're sending mixed signals.
Instead, if you have seen someone you like, you want to date the person, then you
approach and be direct. I don't be aﬀectionate, lovey, dovey, confessing your
heart and all because you don't know if the person is going to say yes or no.
You don't know anything really about her, and the person can reject and you gave
her all that information.
Rather, you approach and you tease, ﬂirt, be fun, converse and then lead to
asking person out for a drink, and show your interest clearly.
Now everything on table, nothing hidden, clarity, no games, honesty.
You are congruent to how you feel, it is in harmony with your behavior. It is no
hidden behind some layer of friendship when you want more.
This protects you as well because if you emotionally invest time, emotions,
weeks, months and you haven't asked this person out, then it will hit you like a
ton of bricks if you get rejected.
So you don't start with comfort ﬁrst trying to build lots of rapport, friendship.
This is sexual attraction, it is very diﬀerent.
First sexual attraction, clarity, make your intention very clear from the beginning
which then leads to asking the person out, which leads to dating.........and then
building comfort, rapport. This is honesty.

Now if you're already been friends, and you grew to like the person, well that's a
diﬀerent issue altogether. You have to think about how important is the
friendship and if you wish to risk it due to rejection, and then awkwardiness, and
maybe losing the friendship.
344 Views

Should I down a beer before talking to the girl I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I know that might make it somewhat easier due to the social pressure, the way
society is with social condition but most of all - fear of rejection.
But I'm going to let you in a secret most don't know about me but they will now..
I have never drank alcohol, beer in my life especially when approaching a
woman, nor even in my younger days. The reason being is I want my head to be
clear, I know one beer will become two, three, probably four and so on.
You will also smell better and not smell of beer.
It is no substitute to solving the underlining issue that will make you emotionally
and mentally stronger. You'd ﬁnd a lot of it is to do social conditioning that
makes you feel anxiety when you are about to do something like this. The fear of
what she might say no. The fear of what others around her might think.
The fear....of pain.
But you see, there is one thing that I've learnt and has toughened me is you go
towards that which you fear. I'm talking about common sense and not to take
what I am saying out of context.
The more you do, the more you will begin to grow conﬁdent. The more you will
ﬁnd calmness inside you rather looking for something else out there as a remedy.
The more you do it - the more you see of this anxiety goes away, the social
pressure.....and you become like duck to water.
Like you could always do this without much fear.
This is the solution. Experience. Getting good at social skills. Be in this element
everyday, and in time, you'll ﬁnd yourself ﬂowing with it. This doesn't mean you
don't feel nervousness. Even when you're seriously mastered yourself and the
skill, there will always be some of that feeling.
The only diﬀerence is, you'll be emotionally and mentally strong. It won't rattle
you as much as it did before.
So stay away from the drink and focus on the girl. Approach and get to know her.
383 Views

I'm a high school senior boy so is my gf. We both are applying to
college, and she says she was up until 2am every night doing
homework, and we can not do anything together. However, I
have seen on Spotify, she listened to some rap music at 5 pm in
the evening. Is she lying to me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question is really, 'why you're in a relationship that makes you unhappy?'
If as an example I am in a relationship and I cannot do anything together with
whom I'm dating then what's the damn point of dating her? For social status? To
ﬁt in the crowd?
Best you ask yourself what you want out of a relationship and if you feel this is
not what you're getting, if you feel unsatisﬁed by what you have, then you need to
sit down with her and talk to her.
That's how mature people do. They talk to each other, communicate and from
there you decide.
40 Views · View Upvoters

Haven't been dating for ages, what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're looking far too much on the bigger picture. Narrow your vision down to
one thing only - to meet the girl and don't worry about anything else. The
pressure is all from inside your head.
Relax mate.
You don't need to worry if you haven't been dating or to tell her either. Just relax.
You need to be make her feel comfortable and she won't if you're all stressed out.
She will be as nervous as you mate so breathe. Relax.
See it this way...
"I am going out to date her to ﬁnd out if...she's...for me."
You're not dating her to impress her. You're dating her to ﬁnd out if she is
compatible with you and she will do the same too. Have this mindset. Narrow
your focus down from this big picture to just this.
And good luck. Hope all goes well which it well.
229 Views · Answer requested by Aero

I am pretry close with my crush. The thing is, she has a
boyfriend and she really loves him. Will she dislike me if I tell
her how I feel about her? What if one of my friend tell her how
HE feels ﬁrst?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It will only create awkwardiness mate. You know she is dating someone and you
now she really loves this guy and she knows, that you know - that she loves this
guy. If I was her friend, I won't say anything.
Instead, don't interfere, don't say anything and let her explore, ﬁnd out for
herself, love this guy without thinking you told her something about your
feelings. Then you go out and learn to be attractive, go and date other women, go
and pursue your passion and build a life so great.
And if ever she is not dating anymore......you then do not hesitate. You approach
and tell her and in doing it this way, you was honourable to yourself, to her and
most of all to the guy who doesn't even know you and who is dating her.

Things change in life.
I have seen people go in and out of relationships. They move from one person to
another. However, if anything happens, it wasn't because you said anything or
inﬂuenced some change. She'll respect you for that.
For now,Don't wait, just go and get busy, date other women, learn about yourself
more in this area. Focus on your life, do something that builds a life a woman
would love to be part of.
722 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Hubert Ten

Are girls turned oﬀ by guys with acne?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Are guys with pimples a turn oﬀ for girls?

Depends on the guys. Every guy is very diferent and looking for diﬀerent types of
women and has their own preferences. Yes, looks do matter but if you got the
social skills you can do a lot more than someone who has the look but isn't
approachable and fears what society thinks if they behave in a certain way.
Use what you got and make it awesome. Dress good. Feel good. For example, if
you go beyond the pimples there will be more about you...
1. You're personality
2. You're passion
3. The way you carry yourself
4. Are you scared of societies judging or you're conﬁdent?
5. Are you living life to the full or have you got nothing to say?
6. Your core values
There are many things about a person, many.
What turns oﬀ one guy will be diﬀerent to another guy. How I approach woman to
most women it can be seen as aggressive, to other women it is
masculinity....attractive....a man who sexual man and kjnows what he wants. To
others it is downright arrogance.
Everyone is diﬀerent and you don't need to worry about everyone.
A guy today wans attractive sexy hot women but in time, he may want something
very diﬀerent. I've seen it a lot with guys who grow older and then they look for
something deeper, than just looks.
You just think about being the best you can be and do what is neccessary to be
approachable, and the guy who doesn't care about your pimples is the one you go
for because this planet is of women and men, of all types, looking for diﬀerent
things in people.
All you got to do is get yourself out there in world by doing what you're
passionate about. Have some social skills and be approachable.
3.9k Views · View Upvoters

Is asking a girl if you can kiss her makes you lame?

 http://days.Is

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't go up to a girl and tell her how you feel about her. It is done in your
behavuor, in teasing, ﬂirting.
If you go to a girl and say, "can I kiss you," it is like you saying, "can we have sex."
Think about it.
Majority of girls/womem, are alwayys worried about the labels of slutt, whore, too
easy. They worried about being judged, labelled, ostarcised by society. There's
still this stigma. They are worried what others think about them.
Girl is thinking..
"He doesn't even knows me. I don't want him thinking I kiss anybody. I don't
want him thinking I'm easy. I don't want him thinking I'm a slutt, whore.."
So even if she likes you - she's worried how her reply and actions deﬁnes her and
how you see her, how everyone sees her, how you're friends see her and how if
you told everyone else, 'OOoooh she kissed me and blah blah' makes her look like
to everyone else.
Yes, that's all going in their head at a unconscious level whrrrr whrrr whrrrr. You
just don't see it but inside a lot is going on.
Even if you have known her for 3 years.
It doesn't entitle you to ask her for a kiss. You needed to do some work ﬁrst in
teasing, ﬂirting because your behavior has been diﬀerent for the last 3 years with
her.
In the last 3 years it was framed in her mind as you being her friend and nothing
else. That it was platonic. To even go to her and ask her for a kiss changes the
whole dynamics and thinking she's going to go through in regards of saying yes,
as I explained above.
But I get time with him as a friend
I get emotional support from him as a friend
I know him as a friend
What if it don't work out? It be so awkward.
What will others say like other girls?
They've seen me with him all that time.
Will they think - I can't get guys who are not friends?
How does this look for me in my world?
The approach needed to ﬁrst be about teasing, ﬂirting, getting her to see you
diﬀerently i.e. sexually attractive instead of a friend. Then taking it from there to
date her, to take her out, to go on a walking adventure, to touch, hold hands.
This is what I meant about behavior not words, sub communication. I'm not
talking about the dumb signals but being pro-active.
That's how you show personality, conﬁdence. It is mating dance. It is the
attraction way and it lowers the wall down for her to FEEL something about you
in a diﬀerent way. In sexual attraction way.
Now that doesn't mean every girl who is a friend will fall for you and nor other
girls you haven't met due to teasing, ﬂirting, conﬁdence because there are other

things going on like their perception, their emotions, their desire, their needs and
want; and their own social dynamics that impacts their lives.
So don't take rejection personally.
I have never told a girls/women how I feel but rather demonstrate it in behavior.
I have approached, teased, ﬂirted and my behavior tells her how I feel about her.
This is how you change the dynamics of it all. Only after she has emotionally
invested, time has gone by, dated, sex, more intimate stuﬀ that I show a little
more in aﬀectionate behavior, slowly unwrapping like a gift.
It makes it real for her and believable, that..
"Yes, must be real words because he took time to get to know me and I did to with
him, and we went through a lot together..."
When you asked her about the kiss, it wasn't the kiss she was upset about. It is
that you didn't even court her! You didn't even bother to do what all women want
a guy to do.....which is to approach her......in a manner in which makes them
feel...special. You rob her of her story.
A story she shares to all her friends about how she met you, how she got to know
you, how it all happened.
You didn't make her feel special.
You just went up to her, thinking because she's a friend of 3 years, you can bypass
all this and told her how you felt, and then asked her for a kiss.
There is big diﬀerence in way a guy tells a girl her likes her and how to do it in a
way that makes her feel special and most of all - believable.
Now you need to back away and leave her alone and approach other girls but this
time take into account what I am saying.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

When a guy asks you to text him later what does he mean?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're over thinking this. He gave you his number, he's interested. Just text him.
He gave you the number and asked you to text him because nothing is going to
happen when all this crazinesss is happening.
So yes, text him. It doesn't matter if a week has gone by. You're best bet is to not
wait. Just text him...
"Hey, it was a crazy night at the party. How was your week been?"
Then take it from there.
8.1k Views · View Upvoters

For guys: Why would a guy ask for a girl's Facebook account
instead of her number?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have never done that. It's always been the phone number. If a guy is asking for
the facebook account then he wants to look at your in more detail. That's the only
reason I can think of.
But no, I haven't asked a woman for her facebook except much later when I got to
know her.
3.1k Views

In a new relationship, when should I ﬁrst kiss a girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 6, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can only speak from my own my experience. I have always kissed on the ﬁrst day
of the date. I've dated girls from diﬀerent background, culture, etc.
In the beginning before the date, when I ﬁrst see the girl and have approached,
the beginning is where one sets what's going to happen. So when we do meet on a
date, she knows it's going to happen. I don't play it safe in beginning, rather I am
congruent to who I am, cocky fun, playful, tease, and this helps me screen out
any woman that has some issue about kissing on ﬁrst date.
I even hold her hand as we talk and then when it's done I got her number, and in
the phoning and texting I am playful, still cocky fun. So the perception of what's
going to happen is already there.
When I meet a girl for date, I assume she's my girlfriend - I am the same as I was
when I ﬁrst approached her - playful, cocky fun, taking her kiss her on forehead,
take her hand.
I'm always touching i.e. holding hands, stroking her back, hugging her, using
games to do so as well to be fun, and we enjoy the evening.
15.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I take my ex back after he hurt me multiple times?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why? Is it because you think this is the best it can get it?
Or you think you can change him which is one of the mistakes most try to do.
Trying to change someone into someone they have in their mind.
That's a fantasy.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

Can ignoring a girl be beneﬁcial in attracting her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wouldn't do it because if I liked a woman I'd like to just get it over with, ﬁnd out
and if it's a no, I can move on.
Saves both a lot of time, frustrations and hassle.
Show your interest and ask her out for a drink at cafe or bar. It's best to be direct
in these matters. Playing hard to get is immature, it shows insecurity, lack of
conﬁdence and believe me, it pisses oﬀ a lot of women and guys too.

Just approach, be conﬁdent and ﬁnd out. If nothing, well, you can now move on
faster, without emotionally investing anymore time, thinking and eﬀort.
20.4k Views · View Upvoters

What type of girls do guys like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Do guys like the cute and adorable type of girl?

Depends on the guy. World full of diﬀerent guys with diﬀerent desires, needs,
wants and preferences. So we can't generalise on this word "guys."
Yes, some will like cute adorable type girl.
I won't personally. I like more of a naughty adventureous woman and who isn't
socially awkward and shy. Just not for me.
But hey, there will be guys into cute, adorable.
6.7k Views · View Upvoters

Would it come oﬀ eager to message her this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah no. Nothing cheesy about it. Don't worry about it being awkward, cheesy and
all that. You got a reason to contact her and you want to ﬁnd out what has
happened, and personally - it's refreshing someone takes interest about someone
else's work.
There's a kind of history there too.
So yes, contact her. I'm sure she be pleased to hear someone likes her work.
Sometimes, you never know, that people don't post further because they feel no
one really is interested in what they do.
Make sure to have some conversation ideas lined up instead of it going cold.
223 Views

How come guys are never asked out on a date?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Women do ask but it is very rare. The women I know, they CEOs, they are
business women, they are go getters, do ask men. They are very conﬁdent to even
ask other women if they dating the guy and if no, they approach. My sisters are
like that too. Conﬁdent.
But here are many women who don't. Here's why..
Social conditioning. Like guys, they feel the social pressure, afraid of rejection, of
what others might think and moreso than men. We still live in a world where
there's a lot of cultural thinking or stigma where a woman doesn't approach a guy
but a guy needs to.
Most women fear being judged, labelled as slutts, too easy, whores by other
women and even guys, relatives and they fear being ostracised by their social
networks. So it's a very big fear.
So there's a lot of barriars which a guy can overcome if he has conﬁdence. The

conﬁdence won't happen by just reading books about it or about women
psychology but it be good if one does invest in themselves.
The conﬁdence comes from applying one self consistently in approaching
women, going through the rejection.s Since for most guys they don't do it often,
they do not have such conﬁdence needed. Much of whom try to tell themselves
the problem is their look when really, there's more to it.
It's naive to think looks don't matter - they do but one can become beyond
average by just looking after their health, hitting the gym, looking clean, dressing
and smelling good, getting social skills, smiling more, getting their teeth ﬁxed etc
etc.
However, the important factor most guys struggle with is conﬁdence, it's them
looking for some easy way, a secret, a wish for it to be easy - instead of just getting
the experience by doing it.
I know many guys and women who are very attractive, see someone they like but
they lack conﬁdence. They don't approach and the opportunity is gone to
rationalise later that it wasn't the right time or whatever.
Conﬁdence, applying oneself, gaining experience is where it's at.
A man knows what he knows and he goes for what he wants. He's a risk taker. He
leads and sure, some women do too but you'd be hard pressed if you're waiting for
a woman to approach you.
The faster way is the guy approach the woman.
I don't see it as a beneﬁt for women, that they wait for a guy to approach. I see it
as a beneﬁt the guy, that he has so many women to approach. Sure, not all will say
yet but it doesn't take away from this advantage.
You can have so many women to approach.
So if women waiting, meh, let them wait.
You just focus on approaching women. That's the advantage of being a man who
leads and goes for what he wants while most just wait.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

A girl hugged me and took a picture with me. She said we look
cute together. Does this mean anything?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What it means is you didn't know how to lead and take advantage of the
opportunity to ask her out but came on her asking what it means. Trying to get
some details about some signals.
You weren't honest with yourself.
It felt good didn't it?
You liked her didn't you?
Because you won't be asking this question if you didn't feel something for her.
Honesty or being Congruent, Authentic means..

You felt something about her and you act upon it right there and then. You don't
hide it. That doesn't mean you become lovey dovey, confessing your feelings and
some love talk. It means you ask her out...
"Hey, you're right. Listen, let's go for a drink together. What's your number?"
That's the sad fact for most guys and women.
Things happen right before their eyes but due to their own insecurities, own
fears, they don't take action but over think far too much. Forget playing safe and
looking for signals.
I never look for them. I like a woman, I approach and ask her out. Done. I made
plenty of mistakes in past looking for signals and I feel it's a cowards way and it is
not honest either. It is also so frustrating so now I approach and that way it is out
of my mind, done, sorted.
Yes, or no, it is done, acted upon.
Don't look for signals. Take action. Be honest with your feelings and don't
think if she likes you.
Think, "do I like her," and if yes, act on it right there and then. Whether she
says yes or no, you ﬁnd out from the source. You can move on if it's a no and
let go.
If yes, you have started something wonderful.
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

Are you supposed to lie and tell someone you 'love' them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's not what you say, it's how you said it. You don't need to lie but you could have
reassured the person you do like them, you do want to get know the person more
and that you do see a future with the person.
You could have said....
"I see a future in you and me. I really like you. Saying I love you makes me a little
uncomfortable but if you give me sometime, if you let me just be myself and we
keep going, you'll see that I do see a future in you and when I say it, I really really
mean it."
You can even say what it is about the person you so into and why. To give the
reassurance that you have feelings for this person.
Then you brush the person hair aside and kiss, embrace. It's the way you say it,
the feeling you give to this person.
But to say, "I guess." Well sorry, if I asked someone I'm dating that and she said "I
guess," I'd think she isn't bothered. As if I was just some convience, nothing more
but that.
It's not what you say, it's how you say it.

Personally, how you said it showed this person you really didn't give a damn
about him/her.
321 Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean if a guy says this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He means, he doesn't want to lose what he has, a friend and doesn't want to
complicate the relationship. If the guy was really into you then he would have
said so but liking you is diﬀerent to being into you.
Probably projecting past experience.
He's not into you in that way and isn't ready for such commitment i.e.
relationship and he's letting you know. He doesn't want this relationship to move
to dating relationship.
2.9k Views

Why can't I ﬁnd a girlfriend that will understand me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You ﬁrst need to understand yourself and then put the action in approaching lots
of girls, learning how to do so, and go on dates.
That's what dates are for.
To ﬁnd out more about the person and if you ﬁnd it's not happening then you
move on until you ﬁnd someone who will understand. It's not going to happen
waiting for her.
You have to go through the same process as everyone else, go through some
rejections, probably many if you don't know what you're doing, date many util
you ﬁnd a connection with a girl.
So it's not that the girl who will understand you don't exist but you need to also
appreciate, you need to ﬁrst be clear on:
1. Who you are
2. Your core values
3. What you want in a relationship
These willl tells you what to look for in a girl and what questions to ask.
99 Views

Why are pretty and highly educated girls rude and always
choose tall boys for any kind of relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, when I use to go to College I'd also wonder why these attractive tall
blonde, brunette and rad head girls acting so bitchy. I just couldn't understand it
at ﬁrst and I use to judge them in my mind.
Then one day, I made friends with one girl who was tall and attractive; and we
dated. The moment I dated her I was able to see her world and that's when I saw
what was going on.

If I was an insecure guy I would have gone a bit crazy but fortunately I'm not a
jelous or possessive type of guy.
Most of her relationship with dating guys didn't get past the ﬁrst week or second
week with what I saw. They couldn't handle it but for me, it didn't bother me. It
doesn't mean I didn't care for her. It just was something I kind of accepted as
something that will happen anyway.
You know, you are dating an attractive girl then of course this is going to happen.
When I went to get a drink, guys were approaching her. When I was walking to the
cafeteria guys were approaching her. When we walked and I went to get some ice
cream, guys approached her.
Always when I am not around or close to her it hapened.
I would get so use to it that I'd just stand somewhere and watch the show and see
how she handles them all.
Can you imagine, just imagine, girls get bombarded by guys approaching them
every damn day. Day in and day out. Week after week, month after month, year
after year. Some texting them even when these guys don't get much response and
don't take the hint or realisation...
"Hmm, she's not interested. Hmm, she must be dating someone else."
It's hearing the same lines, the same approach and every type of guy who now has
access to the internet and many resources is learning how to talk, dress, approach
girls and the girls don't know who is the real deal and who isn't.
For all she knows, she could be attracting some pathetic guy pretending,
mimicking a behaviorial traites. We as human beings, from the young age imitate
the world around us and much of the time to get what we want in life and this
includes success in attracting women.
So what do these girls do to make sure the guy is truly conﬁdent guy? What do
they do to ensure the guy is who he says he is?
They have a bitch sheild up and when a guy appproach, most...not all....but most
will then give the guy a hard time right there and then. If that guy is a pretender
he will feel insecure and he will take their behavior personally.
He will whinge about it to others and complain how woman are this and that, and
not realise what is truly going on. I'm not talking about women who play hard to
get. That's something I'd advise anyone to not do.
But for the guy who is who he says he is, then it be diﬀerent.#
He'll laugh it oﬀ. Continue with it. He'll banter back. He'll tease. He'll ﬂirt and if
she still not lowering her sheild - well, bye, bye. Next! Now that's dumb, yes for
girls to do. But most of the time, the sheild is lowered if she really is interested in
the guy and thinks, 'yes, he can handle his own.'
Throws everything on 'it's all about the looks.'
He is conﬁdent, he doesn't need her validation, acceptance, approval to talk to
her as she doesn't need his, - he can go and talk to whoever girl he wants. He has
this self entitlement attitude that this planet, whatever is his and it is only not his

when he is rejected, and if he's rejected - fair enough. Next!
Not society, not girl/woman is going to tell him he can't. No one is going to teach
this guy about what he can't have or can't go for, or can't approach and how not to
approach. He just goes and does it.
So the problem isn't the "pretty girls."
It's how it aﬀects you on how you see these girls. It's how you react.
It deﬁnes you and how you expect them to not be rude or to be nice.
Why?
You want something oﬀ them? You want to date them? You want it to be easier to
get something? You want to get to know them?
And these girls know it too.
The guys these girls are dating probably don't get intimidated by the girls outside
shell they project to the world.
Their behavior is to keep guys like yourself away.
So best walk away if they are too rude for you to handle. It looks like the bitch
sheild works.
842 Views · View Upvoters

If a guy asks to hang out with you because he wants to get to
know you does he like you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is a diﬀerence between liking you an associate, a friend and liking you in a
sexual attractive way. We can't read his mind.
If you like him, then turn it around and say so, and invite him for a drink of coﬀee
and sit down and talk. That's only way you're going to really know the intention
behind it.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I feel bad when I see white girls dating black guys, am I
racist?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 4, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What you're feeling doesn't deﬁne the white girls or the black guys dating the
white girls. It deﬁnes you, you're own insecurities, perception, reality which sees
women probably as some trophy, object than a human being who decides by
herself what she wants.
That she belongs to the white race when she belongs to no one. That she belongs
to a nationality, when she doesn't belong to anyone.
She doesn't white man nor a black man. She is her own self, a human being as all
of us are, with choice to do whatever she desires.
Why don't you get upset when a white man dates a black woman? You could have
mentioned that but you didn't.

3.9k Views · View Upvoters

I've told to my friend that I love a girl secretly, and I said who
she is (he forced me), and now he makes me do whatever he
wants and if I don't, he say he'll go tell her that I love her. What
should I do? (Sorry for my English)
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Use reverse psychology and be prepared it will happen. The next time you see
this fool, you say..with a BIG SMILE..
"Hey, I had this amazing idea. I want YOU to TELL HER! It saves me all the hard
work in telling her. I don't need to grow the balls to walk up to her so you'll be
doing me an awesome favour. You'll have to look like some wuss, and fool telling
a girl some guy likes her. That way she will know...YOUR.....MY.....BITCH! So go
ahead, be my bitch. Tell her for me."
There we go and be prepared that he might but hey, at least he has done some
work for you for nothing.
Next time, don't speak about your personal desires, needs to friends or
associates. You did that for what reason? For attention, validation,
acceptances or to feel good?
Choose your friends wisely and stop talking about such things. You like a girl you
go and tell her or keep it to yourself.
You've learnt a hard lesson.
260 Views · View Upvoters

Is it normal for a guy to touch his girlfriend's body?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. When I'm dating with a girlfriend, I'm kissing her, touching her body, face,
waiste etc. She's my girlfriend and I'm her boyfriend. We're not some platonic
friends or I might as well not bother dating the girls if that was so and just be
friends which I can get anywhere.
I'm a guy and when I am dating a girl, I want to show my feelings, not by words
alone, but aﬀection after I've dated a few times, like what you're boyfriend is
doing. I'd like to show I like her, love her, care about her, and I am sexually
attracted to her too.
So yes, I'll touch, kiss, and all the rest.
The great thing is - when you you feel uncomfortable and you say it, he doesn't go
further.
I'd say you have a great boyfriend there who cares about you. That's a very good
sign that he cares about how you feel too.
10.7k Views · View Upvoters

How can I avoid changing the dynamic with a girl I kissed at a
party?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you don't want for it to go further then let her know you're not looking for a
dating anyone right now, and just want to be friends.
Just next time, control your emotions and don't kiss girls like it's just fun to do. It
leads girls to think something else entirely.
But if you want more than this then....then the answer below is the same and
before you edited the question....
You had the opportunity at the party but you missed it.
When you kissed at the party, you needed to talk to her, get her number and later
continue the conversation by text, phone for only a little bit and lead to a date.
You didn't do that. You played safe or you just didn't know what to do. It comes
from having experience.
If you haven't dated many girls and haven't been this situation then you'll play it
safe and leave it far too late.
What To Do Now
The party is done and days or weeks haven gone. The vibe now that was at the
party won't be there.
At a party - emotions run high and so, when you approach her now, you might
ﬁnd she doesn't feel the same way as you or says nothing is there. You might need
to do some work.
You might need to make her....feel excited about being with you again, to want to
meet up and get to know you.
So here's what you do:
Approach her and ﬂirt, tease, be fun
Then talk a little
Now ask her out and get her number to start the phase I mentioned
above.
You can say..
"Hey, I like to get to know you more. I know a great place to check out and have been
to yet. What's you're number?"
Give her your mobile phone to add her number and then you give her yours. Talk
a little bit more, before you leave.
Keep it fun, don't be serious, romantic and all that.
First let her get to know you.
You have to start that again as time has gone by now so don't go oﬀ doing what
you did at the party.
Let her get to know you, take her out, go on an adventure, just walk. No cafes, no
cinema but walk, talk, have fun, go to shopping centre, relax, hold her hand,
smile, be fun.
Let her get to know you and have fun with you.editED

400 Views

A girl friend zoned me, but we are going to homecoming
together, any way I can win her over in that night?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A girl cannot friend zone you. That's in your head. You friendzone yourself by not
being honest with how you like her from day one, and ﬂirt, tease and then ask her
out.
Instead, you spent way too much time playing safe, being far too available, not
being honest and thinking that by hanging around her, orbiting around her,
looking for signals that it will get you close and she will throw herself at your and
say..
"Oh baby, take me. I want you."
Guys and girls friendzone themselves by their unattractive behavior.
You spending time with her, probably helping her out and now you're talking
about homecoming and yet, you haven't even asked her out.
And if you did ask her out and she said no, walk away and move on.
What you are doing is hanging around a girl, emotionally investing time, eﬀort
when she isn't even dated you?
It's not honest.
Guys who friendzone themselves - put themselves there because they haven't the
balls to approach a girl and ask her out and the balls to walk away, and approach
someone else if she said....no.
Instead, guys spend way too much time with the girl hoping she will fall for them.
Being far too available, baking a damn cake, sitting with her, walking with her,
going to homecoming with her and she ain't even your girlfriend.
Approach, be direct and if she says no, move on and don't orbit around her
hoping to be a friend so you can get her to fall for you.
947 Views · View Upvoters

How do I get a girl or attract a girl if you are not a good looking
guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 3, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guys always see that it's about the look and that's all they think it's about.
However, for women it's much more than the look. The look is perceieved value,
and that will get the attention but it doesn't mean it will attract the girl.
I know many of my friends who are better looking than me. Far better and also,
they earn much more, got hot fast cars and all that. Come from wealthy families
and I only know them because of my singing, songwriting background when
working in recording studios and also in the marketing business ﬁeld.
However, I'm the one who is dating the attractive girl.
In fact, one girl dated one of my friends who came from America. Tall blonde and

was a writer for a magazine in USA but she dated him just for two days and left
him. I date her for two years.
So lots of good looking guys and good looking women have many a challenges
with dating than you think. You just assume that this sexy woman walking in the
street isn't going to want to know an average good looking guy which is a horrible
mindset by the way.
You need the following...
1. Conﬁdence.
You need to approach girls and learn how to do it until it is comfortable with you.
It is a skill. As you get good at it then conﬁdence happens. Conﬁdent due to being
in an element that you know very well.
Make sure to do it consistently and get out of the comfort zone. Conﬁdence
comes from doing something, over and over again until it you're in your own
element.
2. Appearance
Percieved value is still important. You may see it as just the look such as as your
face or body but women see other things. The body language which is the way
you look after your health, hygiene, the clothes you wear, the shoes, everything
even the smell, aftershave, etc.
So always look your best. There is no excuse. Hit the gym if you need to as well as
it's good for you too, excercise, good diet keeps you healthy, alert, mind strong
and body fresh, with lots of energy.
3. Be Socially Active
Step out of the comfort and start making friends, mingle, ﬁnd a passion you're
into. In doing so, you'll meet girls in such activities anyway and they will seen you
being sociable, got friends, and active in life.
It helps because when you're dating because you can take her to places you know,
and where people have seen you. It also helps with lots of stories to share, things
to talk about and you begin to gain a skill in how to converse, engage other people
into a conversation without trying too hard.
Skills you will need for when you approach girls and for dating.
4. Invest in Yourself
Everything needs knowledge. I had to learn even when I approached women
daily, knowledge such as woman psychology in regards to dating. I even read
history books too on sex and why so many make it an issue, and why women
don't approach guys as much as guys need to.
In learning this knowledge I saw from the eyes as women too. I saw why they
won't approach. I saw without judging and I also appreciated their rejection too
and understand attraction isn't a choice.
I learnt to let go many false beliefs, insecurities as I learnt psychology as a self
study because it also revealed a lot about me, why I am what I am, why I am
thinking these thoughts, what is preventing me and so I could point out the
obstacles in my life and remove them, one by one.
I learnt marketing and sales and begun to see everything is about inﬂuence,
persuading, and to do in an attractive manner.

As you can see, being attractive isn't just about looks.
The look is one small part of many things and the "look" can be many other
things like how you behave, interact, be socialbe, social skills, being able to
conﬁdently tease, ﬂirt, engage and she seeing you have a life.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is two days too soon to ask her out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's never too early. You need to lead and escalate fast to next base. You call
immediately. There is only this....
1. Do I like her?
2. If yes, call her.
When I get a woman's number, I'll text her in that evening saying, it was great
meeting her.
Then I' talk to her the next day on phone if I feel response was good - and we'll
talk, build some comfort and then lead for us to meet for date.
2.7k Views · View Upvoters

What's the secret to getting girls to love you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The secret? Oh that's an easy one. When you're ready to let go there is any secret
to girls falling in love with you - then you over think and just do, and do, and do,
and do.
And in doing you get tons of experience and lose much of the social conditioning,
the insecurities and ﬁnd yourself not worried about secrets anymore.
Funny thing happens when you do that.
You let go of trying to control the outcome and just focus on having fun with the
woman you're with, and ﬁnd yourself, with a girl who took the time to get to know
you, and you got to know her.
And what do you know - she suddenly says...
"I love...you."
567 Views · View Upvoters

I love a girl , but I never talked to her and I would like to tell her
that I love her, but how?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't tell her any of that kind of talk. This isn't hollywood or romance novel.
This is real life. You go and tell a girl you love her, showing all that aﬀection, and
she don't know you, hasn't dated you for months to a year, it will creep her out.
Keep that kind of aﬀection for someone who you get to know for a while, not
some stranger who you made eye contact with at school. It doesn't matter if you
know her friends.

Control such emotions.
Think about it - she doesn't know you well enough for that kind of talk. You will
put yourself and her in an awkward position.
You ﬁrst approach the girl, tease, ﬂirt, show her your personality and be fun.
Then ask her out for a drink somewhere or to walk with you to get to know you.
Then when dating, and you've dated for a certain period of time - let's say a year,
then probably you say it.
Now - when you say it, after you have dated for sometimes, got to know each
other, and so forth - it feels believable, it is respected in a sense, and you're some
guy who she thinks you blurt it out for any girl.
You also made sure you to say it after you got over all lust and infatuation stage.
So relax.
Get over the ﬁrst step. Approach and ask her out, and leave all the aﬀectionate
stuﬀ for much later. Or you're going to make her feel awkward but also, you do
not know she will say yes.
So you go ahead telling her all those feelings and she hasn't even said yes, dated
you for sometimes, got to know you.
2.3k Views · View Upvoters

If a girl shows no interest over texting should I persist or is it
pretty much game over?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not all girls mate. Some girls like a guy to be direct and it's actually the girls you'd
go for too. Any that don't show interest, I'd just zoom right past them and leave
them to it.
I've had girls who were direct like myself, fast, meet up and rest use your
imagination.
If you're a direct person, be direct.
Now I don't know how long it's been in regards when you gave her the number
but appreciate something here mate - women usually don't take risks. Most won't
approach guy, never mind picking up phone and the guy or even texting ﬁrst. Not
all like that but majority are.
If the girl doesn't show interest move on. Don't make her a priority when she isn't
making you a priority. It's a numbers game. Make sure to have plenty on the go
then you're not waiting, frustrated and you'll get to a girl faster too, than waiting
on one that isn't making an eﬀort.
Again, I don't know when you gave her the number, or conversation and the ﬂow
of the conversation - so it's a bit diﬃcult giving a clear cut answer.
Usually it goes like this..
1. I get a message, we message back and forth a few times.
2. I suggest we get together for a drink to ﬁrst know each other.
3. She concurs that's a good way to ﬁrst know each other. Now I give her my

phone number and she gives me hers - so we can talk, meet. I say I'll text her with
a call back humour and just a couple back forth text.
4. I move it to phone call, bit fun, comfort and set up date - and we meet at the
place we agreed on.
1.9k Views

What does it mean when a chinese woman says I like you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How about asking her as she will know what she means. Far too many come here
asking what someone means, like we can read the person mind, as well as not
giving enough information.
Just ask her or ask her out, spend more time with her, get to know her, ask her
directly for drink out and be direct about it instead of looking for signals. No one
can give you the answer to what she means.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the psychology behind people making a mess and not
cleaning it up?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remember watching this video once. It explained it very well. It's not about lazy
or anything. Rather it's a pattern.
You got the brain.
1. On one side is the autopilot.
2. The other is the emergency brakes.
So for example, as an artist, I have lots of materials such as paper, painting,
canvases, laptops for writing my books, and pens, brushes etc.
My autopilot brain says, "Ok let's clean up" and just when I am about to, I get this
feeling inside of me, like a bit of discomfort and the other side of my brain slams
the brakes down..
"Hey Adam! Buddy. My good friend. Forget all that. Go and make yourself a
cup of tea and use the other room to do some painting. It's empty. You can
always go back to clean up this room later on."
So now my feeling of anxiousness, discomfort and a bit of stress is gone and I go
and do that.
What happened?
It is the Routine, the pattern, that is so strong because I use to do this a lot of
times through my lifes.
I needed to change the routine but I do it for myself. Sometimes I like to work this
way. Things may look messy but I kmow where everything is. I sold lots of my
work by just doing things this way.
It's simple but it is not easy.
Habits are very tenacious.

It took me a while to sort out other routines like sleeping habits, like giving time
to go out, going to gym, socialise more, tidy up, put all things in order and to add
a reward for each one.
So it's not that the person is not caring and it is easy to label someone as lazy. I'm
not lazy and I do care a lot about other people, sometimes too much for my own
good.
It's more about our the routine we have gone through over the years - and much
of it can be messy because we might put so much mportance on many factors in
our lives that work against us.
Like doing it for acceptance, validation, to ﬁt in rather than for our own lives.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

How should I make the ﬁrst move with a girl who seems
interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to move fast mate. The window of escalation is very short. If you don't
act fast then she will get frustrated and you'll just be categeroised as a guy to
maybe just be friends with.
First be direct by saying...
"What do you do for fun?"
Let her talk and then say, "Sounds great. I know a great place where I always
wanted to go. It's a cafe down road. Let's go."
I did that with a nurse. I was taking someone to hopsital and was going to walk
away cause his brother was going to pick him up - until I saw a nurse keep looking
at me and talking to her friend, and looking at me again.
I got up and walked up to her and said..
"Look. Just because you think you're cute, doesn't mean you cannot come over
and say hello."
After a few minutes and learning her shift is over in a few minutes, I asked her..
"What are you doing afterwards?"
"I was going to do some shopping and head home""
"Awesome. Let's go for a coﬀee for a drink as I have to go somewhere too, and
then walk you to the shops and I'll be on my way."
I left my friend with his brother and walked oﬀ with nurse.
What happened is we went to cafe, had a chat for 15 minutes and drink, and we
went walking about city centre, and holding hand, kissed, all that, and then lead
her to shop.
It was she who invited me to her place. So we did some shopping together and
went to her place. Rest I leave to your imagination.
Make the move now, fast. No more waiting.
Isolate her to a place, even if it's a walk.

Lead.
2k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't girls want to date me? I am educated and have a job,
but I am not handsome. What do you think can help me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Nov 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Men see things a lot in the physical even in sex, they think more on the physical
than the psychological, the creation of sexual tension, the way he can arouse her
by tease, ﬂirt, talking to her with tonality and depth.
Women see things much diﬀerent to guys. They have honed in their
communication skills to even the level of subcommunication. That also means
the following.
Your job, income, ambitions, the talk about money, are things a woman doesn't
really see in the begining and nor does she know.
Women know, that there will be many guys peacocking. The problem is, she will
also know there will be intimators of leadership. So how can she know this man is
who he says he is?
By perceived value and seeing what is happening around him too.
Conﬁdence demonstrated in behavior;
Conﬁdence demonstrated in approaching immediately
Conﬁdence in social skills and interaction = social intuition. How you
interact in the world and enviroment you and they are in. They watch,
they see even if you think the women don't. They do!
Conﬁdence and skills such as teasing, ﬂirting, engagement
Conﬁdence in demonstration personality and passion
Are you hesistent? Are you weak? Are you bold? Are you conﬁdent and
don't seek and need her validation, approval or permission to approach
her? If you do, you will hesitate and waiver.
The things we call 'what have you got to bring to the table. The stuﬀ that gets
the attention of women.
The stuﬀ we call "have you got the balls? Get some!"
You're mind is focusing on your own insecurities. You haven't really approached
20 women a week. I know. I have approached 20 women a day for two-three years
and I know the language of a man who doesn't.
The language you are speaking right now.
You ﬁrst need to learn to approach women without judgement and remove
yourself from the assumptions you may have acquired from social conditioning
and how society says what is the norm.
You need to do this consistenly everyday.
You need to develop your conﬁdence and in this area, it's not going to take some
books. It's no going to take videos. It's not going to take reading what anyone of us
here says.

It's going to take you approaching women daily, and go through rejections
without any judgment and negativity on women for rejecting you - until you
learn to not get so aﬀected and personal about women saying no.
Until you get comfortable with yourself and approaching women, and....getting a
yes.
So then, you need to know the basics:
How to approach women and if you got conﬁdence issues, social anxiety,
then you got some work to do. If you also don't know woman psychology,
well you got more work to do beause what society says works, is contrary
to what DOES work.
How to ﬂirt, tease appropriatley and doing so in diﬀerent social
environment. You won't the same approach in a nightclub to a woman
you see in a cafe, walking in the street, waiting for a bus or shopping
maul.
How to communicate, converse and lead from one conversation to
another by listening, and engaging with her, and being a man who truly
listens to her, so she can enjoy being with you - to exchange numbers to
lead to the date.
Which brings us to the...
Absolute Value
When a man approaches, the ﬁrst thing woman sees is perceived value which
most guys get so hang up on and think it is all about the look. It's about
conﬁdence, not being intimated by women.
It's about leading.
Yes, I know, "why can't womrn approach men."
Well sorry but it's not going to change. Not for a long time. There is still stigma,
fears, for women to approach men. They have to face judging, labelling, being
ostracised by society as too easy, too conﬁdent, too this, too that and even - whore
and slut name calling.
Not just from strangers but friends, social network and relatives too.
This isn't going to change for decades yet. Sure some women will approach. It
happens but it is very....very.....very rare.
So the guy has to ﬁnd his balls and man up.
This shows a man knows what he wants and goes for what he wants. If one
woman says no, awesome. Next!
At the ﬁrst stage you don't mention job, income, and all that. It's about her,
engaging her, getting her interest and seeing if she has what you want.
Not "I need to impress her."
How To Demonstrate Absolute Value...
On your dates - you take her to places you know, and she sees people know you.
You take her on an adventure to see your world, and you won't need to say a

damn thing because she'll see it for herself.
Forget watching movie or resturant.
This is not the time for such things. You need to walk, take on a romantic
adventure through streets, places, and experiences. Maybe pop in a cafe for 10-15
minutes and again...walk.
As you lead - you can now ask questions, to lead with stories that reveal your
passion, what inspires you and as you do, you want her to share about herself.
You'll be both listening, learning, getting to know each other at a deeper level.
Sure there be a sprinkly of teasing, ﬂirting, but not all the time. This is now about
trust, comfort, getting to know each other.
But ﬁrst....sort your mindset out.
Appreciate even after all this that you begin to know, and do, she may still not
want to date you the ﬁrst time or the second time, or ever.
It is how it is.
Attraction is not a choice.
748 Views · View Upvoters

I kinda like this girl from work who sees me now and then,
looks down and smile sometimes. I am a shy guy. She, who
copies all my body languages is not noticing me now. What
should I think?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Nov 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You have only a very short window to approach and escalate. I hear a lot of people
saying "I'm shy." You weren't so shy that you didn't apply for the job, go for
interview and get the job. Right?
You weren't shy to ask a stranger what this tin can is, or when you wanted to
know where you can get some type of food but here you are, another stranger, a
woman but you don't approach.
Why? Because you have put her on a pedestal. You fear rejection. You take her
word or opinions about you like she can look into yourself and know all about you
- when she can't and doesn't know all about you.
If she was unattractive to you, really unattractive to your perception, you won't
even feel so intimidated by her.
But maybe, you also fear that you're at work..
A) You might ﬁnd yourself being talked about if you got rejected.
B) What if it gets awkward at work for asking her out and she said no
C) What if she says yes but later it doesn't work out and causes awkwardiness and
emotional stress at work.
So can think the following...
1. Don't approach her because it's too close to your work. Rather approach women
outside of your work and away from where you work.

2. Approach her but understand you may have already missed the opportunity
and she has had enough waiting for you to ﬁnd your balls and approach her.
3. Or you ﬁnd out she wasn't really interested in you and it was all in your head,
and so she will be ﬂattered but say no.
4. You ﬁnd out she is into you and is relieved you feel same way, exchange
numbers and start moving forward.
5. Or do nothing as you have done and move on. But wonder, "what if."
But if you think all this, well, you have been thinking far too much when you
could have just approached her to ﬁnd out.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are the chances that I will be successful on youtube?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Nov 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What are the chances that I could become a youtuber (may be a successful
one)?

Very low. Why?
Because you're thinking about how to become a successful youtuber instead of
someone who brings value to a targeted niche community - which is entertaining,
from your own passion, something you're really into.
Youtube is just a channel, a medium, a platform, a tool.
It doesn't make anyone anything. What does is the artist themselves. It's what the
author does and their skill that makes the person successful.
It is the strategy, the thinking, the creativity, the story, the niche, the personality,
the consistency even when no one is yet watching. It is the drive, that burning in
doing what one loves to do anyway.
There are other factors like moving traﬃc, building partnership but that's
something else.
What I would suggest is look at the most popular ones and see what they do
within the target audience you desire to target.
Get an idea what is working, what isn't but do look at your own passion, as well as
the type of audienc your own interest because consistency is important. It's going
to take time so you need to be 100% all in than playing it safe and half hearted.
7.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why have I never seen any guy asking women out in college
campus?
Adam Taha, The conversation I had when I was in college
Answered Nov 1, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It happens. You just don't see it the way you think it happens in movies or
romance movels. They get asked but not in the way most think.
It happens in a more subtle way when it's campus but happens direct in
environment of drinks and music environment like bar, night club etc. In
campus, open environment students a bit weiry of being judged, looked at,
judged, especially with girls.

Reputation is kind of a big thing when it comes to campus.
You won't see many in a crowd approaching each other and you have to be kind of
there to see it happen. The thing is, to not let that deﬁne you and prevent you
approaching.
Everyone is scared, feel some insecurities and it's best just do what you want kind
of thing.
Just because you don't see it happen, doesn't mean you let the social norm
behavior dictate you.
998 Views · View Upvoters

What do you do when someone tells you "You're too nice."?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you mean by "I don't want to change myself completely?"
Let me give you some examples here.
Would you talk to your dad the same way you'd talk to a boss, a client? Would you
then act the same with your mum to a girl you like?
You wouldn't.
If you're in a job and the boss says, "you need to change and be more proactive
with customers, socialise more, be more fun than not conversing and just
standing there.."
Would you not learn how to do it or ignore and get ﬁred?
You are a collective of information passed from mum, dad, friends, news, tv, and
all that came when you grew up from bed time stories, magazines, books, tv,
music and so forth.
Be yourself?
Forget ever being yourself. Be the BETTER version of yourself and understand
when you're in diﬀerent environments, you need to get with it and behave
diﬀerently.
That's not trying to change yourself but being better at knowing how to intereact
in diﬀerent environments with diﬀerent people. The world is about inﬂuencing
people but if you're unwilling to learn to do so, then don't expect getting what you
want in life.
World isn't like some fairytale that people so easily say..
"Oh just be yourself."
There is no such thing. It's nonsense.
"Be yourself." It's mumbo jumbo. It doesn't help in real world. Instead of thinking
it's about being yourself, you need to learn social skills, learn to be assertive, learn
to be conﬁdent, learn to interact.

Doesn't that then mean, you need to change.....yourself?"
Through our lives, as we grow we are not the same as we were 20 years ago, due to
many experiences in life which tells us, "being yourself advice" is a load of
nonsense.
You grow to realise you need to change the way you think, see things in life, gain
new skills, get involved in society more, be more sociable, less awkward, and
much more.
You won't act same in a job when you're in a party. You won't act same in a church
as an example, as you would in a night club. You won't act same in a library as you
would in football match.
So how come then we suddenly be diﬀerent in these environments and thenw e
say, "Oh I just want to be myself."
That sentence really means, "I'm not willing to learn and understand how to
interact, socialise in the world I am in."
It's like the word "Oh I'm ﬁne."
Fine? So people are ﬁne being broke. Fine in a marriage that's going downhill.
Fine not able to attract girls, get dates? Fine?
When a girl says, "you're too nice," she doesn't mean, "be an asshole for me, a
jerk." She is saying...
1. This is a party, for fun, why so serious?
2. You compliment too much. I don't know you yet?
3. You're too accomadating.
4. You're too available. Not busy socialising with others.
5. You're afraid to have fun, tease, ﬂirt, escalate.
6. She won't date you but probabaly be a friend
So forget being yourself. Be a better version of yourself and that means you're
going to need to learn to be conﬁdent, invest in books and yes, you will need to
change certain things about you.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

I have noticed that the key to interacting with girls in high
school is to lightly tease them, any tips on how to tease well?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is far too many in school think teasing is telling someone what's
wrong with them. It's not. So YES, tease but it needs to be positive, it needs to
make the person feel great, smile, laugh, happy, even has wisdom in it.
It meeds to leave a lasting impression and it's very diﬀerent too. It make the girl
think..
"I am? Oh wow. I didn't think I look this damn good."
"He's got a great personality and he's fun to be with."
"I really want to get to know this guy much more and go on a date."
But what I have found many a times is young people especially at school have
learnt some real bad habits. and think teasing is about making someone feel
small, feel insecure, pointing out ﬂaws.

It's not.. It's suppose to make a girl feel...
"Oh wow. He makes me feel so damn good about myself."
For example, here's a tease....
"Hey, these high heels are high but with you, it looks awesome, and thing is, you
know how to walk with them with control. I've seen girls walking with these kind
of high heels and they are all over the place, like some robots with circuits going
crazy. Have you been taking drama classes?"
Boom! Now conversation starts and tease is over. Connect!
So do it in a positive way.
For example, if she says something in a conversation, you can pick that up and
use it but not to make her feel insecure but to make her smile, feel great. Be fun,
be someone that impacts the girl's life.
Be memorable.
So no negative teasing or negging.
Tone it down though because too much ﬂirting, teasing and not enough action in
being direct to ask a girl out, will make you seem you just want to be friends.
961 Views · View Upvoters

Why am I single?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Sep 18, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why am I single although I can talk with opposite sex?

The worse advice you'll get is "be yourself." We're socially conditioned to a certain
level that we don't know who we really are, our minds having been ﬁlled with
programs, stories we've heard, perceptions, fears, realities, that all come from
someone else's perspective.
It's an overwhelming barrage of information, and so you cannot “just be
yourself”, but you work to become a better self.
One way to do this is to take action. Take more risks.
The reason why you are having challenges in this area, is because you sound just
like me, 20 years ago.
1. You think too much
2. You theorize far to much.
3. And you wait... wait... wait for the right precise moment, time, which doesn't
ever happen anyway.
So you won't take the risks needed, and if you did, the girl would probably already
have arrived home before you made the move needed to escalate the
conversation to the next level.
You love patterns to such a degree that you need to understand the process from
a detailed angle, you memorize it all, until you're completely comfortable with it
and your mind is booming with too much thinking to act.
You want a report detailed with steps, from how to hand A to B and C, and "I need
also a plan if D happens too and gets me by surprise.

Always worried if you missed some secret and you must know it BEFORE you
even do anything like escalation, tease, ﬁrt, asking her out, getting her number,
touching her, turning her on with converation, eye contact, and body language.
Even then - with all this knowledge, and the scientiﬁc theories, and detailed
precision scripts and techniques, to tactics - you won't act, and I don't just mean
talking to girls.
I mean being honest, direct, authentic to your feelings for a girl you see and like.
Instead of this, you demonstrate a behavior that makes girls see you as boring or a
platonic friend.
You want to sustain a conversation?
Forget trying to impress and just relax and talk. You're mind at this moment in
time when talking to a girl is looking for ways to impress her, make her laugh,
sound awesome.
Worried what amazing thing you can say.
So let go and just talk.
Go and do it a hundred times and more until your brain has enough information
understand how to start a conversation and how to listen to use what someone
says as a way to bridge the conversation.
You need to approach tons of people, socialise, get use to talking a lot and
listening to, and using what you heard to talk - and not like "I'm an INTP, deﬁne
you.
I am a INTP and you wouldn't think it because I got tons of friends, I socialise a
lot, I date women, I'm into business and network heavily oﬄine and believe, I can
talk till the sun comes down.
I didn't let shy, introvert and all the stuﬀ most say to themselves, to deﬁne me.
The ﬁrst step for you isn't girls.
The ﬁrst step is getting out there and socialising with people. Go to events of an
interest or passion and push yourself to talk, converse and do it often. You're
brain will then help you.
First go out there and live for a while.
15.3k Views · View Upvoters

There's a girl I really like. She's the closest thing to perfection I
know of but I know we'll never be together. She's too good for
me. I feel physically sick. How do I feel better?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ok, back up a bit. Real back. Before we go any further you need to sort the
thinking you got in your head...
I'm just not on par to her beauty
She's too good for me
Im not on part to her beauty
You don't reject yourself.
You approach a woman and let her take the responsiblity of her own decision to
reject or to accept.

What you are doing is other way round.
You're rejecting yourself from day one and you have been doing so, long before
she ever appeared in front of your eyes. All those thoughts about your low self
worth you've been carrying.
I remember there was this girl I saw and I didn't approach. That day lived with me
for the rest of my life. I regret it and wish I did approach but I let my logic get in
the way.
After that, I hated the feeling. I rather get rejected than feel that feeling again. So
after that I don't care how beautiful a woman is. I'm going to approach. If yes,
awesome.
If no - I know one thing. It won't haunt me for the rest of my life. I took action and
that is why you need to do so too.
If you don't it lowers your self conﬁdence. You don't grow. You stay as you are. No
lessons to learn on this area of your life.
Here's some news hot from the press
1. There are women more beautiful than her.
2. There are women sexier, charismatic than her
3. The planet is full of women
4. If she says no, it is not the end of the world
If you approach her with the mentality of how she so above you, it be over before
it even started.
You might as well not bother at all.
There is always a chance. Always. You always take that chance and here's why you
do it.
Let me put it this way. No woman want a man who put his fears, his lack of
courage before her. If you cannot even show her you have the courage and not
intimated by her beauty then what does that say about you?
That you don't know what you want and don't know how to go and get what you
want.
To women - this is very attractive.
Something that most guys underestimate and do not get because they think as
men - it's all about the looks. They don't see the rest of the bigger picture which
women see.
Conﬁdence. Honesty. Authentic. He leads. He knows what he wants and he goes
for what he wants.
Get to know her. Don't wait. Take the risk.
934 Views · View Upvoters

What does my friend mean when he calls me a love sick puppy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means you got one-itis, got this girl up on some pedestal and he's sick and tired
of hearing you talking about her. I'd probably would have told you to stop talking
about her and ﬁnd your balls.
You're with the guys, your friends, GUYS, and we don't want to hear that kind of
talk. Save it for her not for when going with your mates. Like they give a damn
what you think about your girlfriend.
"I'm in love."
This is personal and needs to be between you and your girlfriend. Learn to keep
these things and aﬀectionate feelings and words about your girlfriend to yourself.
Take it as a warning,. from a friend - stop talking...about her because all of this
has got nothing to do with your friend. It's all about you, you and that girl and it
gets really annoying after a while.
Just keep these things to yourself and between you're girlfriend.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ronnie Baller

How do I pick up a girl on a bus ride without being creepy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The "creepy" is social conditioning. Nothing creepy about liking a girl and
approaching her to get her number, whether on bus, train, bus stop, cafe, book
shop, or even gym.
Just dress good always, look your best, smell good, etc.
You may hear a lot of people saying to not do this and that, but that's due to their
own fears and experience or lack of experience.
Just be conﬁdent, smile back and walk right up and talk. Be conﬁdent, talk,
converse then say...
"I'd like to continue the conversation over a cup of coﬀee. What's your number?"
That's it.
Nothing fantasic or amazing. It's as simple as that.
Just be fun, relax, and talk.
2.9k Views · View Upvoters

When is the right time to ask this girl out?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is no right time, right signals, right weather, right anything. If you like a girl
you need to stop talking too much and start taking action.
When a guy isn't congruent to his feeling then his behavior isn't honest. His
behavior is not real and genuine. Instead, you start to play safe and playing safe
doesn't get you anywhere but frustrate the girl if she is into you.
You need to ﬁnd your balls and move it.
Be honest to how you feel in your behavior, but don't show all this lovey dovey

aﬀectionate romantic stuﬀ in the beginning; as you don't know she feels the same
way - you haven't dated for a year, you haven't overcome challenges together and
so forth.
It spooks women out.
So get moving, show your interest by asking her out for a drink. That way, if she's
not interested you know where you stand, and you dont' emotionally invest
because believe - if you emotionally invest with time too, energy, eﬀort, thinking
all in your head and after a month you ﬁnd out she isn't interested - it will hit you
hard.
Being direct fast helps you to move on faster without emotionally investing.
You need to appreciate people ﬂirt, tease for many reasons like wanting attention,
patting their ego, feeling powerful and in control, or even because they don't like
someone and just plain teasing for fun of it.
So if you don't want to get stuck in the middle of that nonsense, act now. Be
direct, ask her out..
"Hey, what do you do for fun?"
"Awesome. I like going out too. I know a great place to drink and chill. Let's go out
this week."
She says yes, then exchange numbers and move from facebook to phone and lead
to meeting up for date.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it fair not to want to break up with my boyfriend even if he
wants to?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If the other person doesn't want to be in the relationship then theres' nothing you
can do. It will only hurt you and the guy too. Rather be with someone you care
about and he wants to be with you too.
Is it fear that he might not come back or fear that this is as good as it gets?
When someone comes into our lives it feels like they have added value to our
lives. It's like an investment when we put our emotions, time and so on. Then
when they leave, it feels like they have taken a piece of us with them. Or it's like
they too a lot away and so we feel this emptiness, this void which we think can be
ﬁlled by having the person back.
We have this kind of attachement to the person.
Imagine it like a Casino.
Let's say you are walking in and if you only played for $1 and lost $1, and I said,
"hey let's go. There's a place I want to see!" You'd walk away with me.
But let's say you played for a while and you lost $500 and I say..."hey let's go
because.."
You'll say, "No! I got to win this 500 back."
So you play and you lose, $1,000! I keep asking you to walk away but you ignore

me and play some more.
Now you've lost $5,000!
I know that no matter what I say, no matter how much I implore you to walk away,
you cannot see sense. You cannot see what I am seeing. All you can see is you
got...to...get that $5,000 back!
I watch as you play and you win! You win $300!
You know, like how he smoked weed and then stopped smoking, and he started
acting all ok. Well that's what it's like when you wibn $300. You cannot see
anything but that.
You disregard everything, the $5,000 you lost and bang your hope on the $300.
I'm saying, "Please, for pete sake, please. I'm your friend. You'lre going to lose the
$300. It's a trap! It's a pattern which you cannot change. It's been going long
before you saw this Casino!"
But you turn your back on me and put the $300 and....
You lose all your money and that's when you have no choice but to walk away. It
will now hurt more.
It's same with here.
Instead of continuing to emotionally invest, hoping, he will come back and,
fearing he won't come back - you need to give yourself some time to help you see
things clearly.
It's a blessing in disguise.
It's saying, "hey, walk away from the Casino!"
1k Views · View Upvoters

If guys tease a girl, does that mean they like her or think she is
pretty? Does it make any diﬀerence if the girl has really high
standards?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Ah no. Not at all. Guys and women will tease for other reasons to and it may seem
they are into you. It can be for many emotional reasons. For survival but of a
diﬀerent kind.
I've been there before, when a woman is teasing but she isn't really attracted to
me. Done to feel good.
I have found the one who do a lot of that are the ones I know are not that into me.
The ones acting nervous, have that look, are ones I ﬁnd are intersted and do say
yes, when I ask them out.
Kind of weird but it's always worked that way for me.
So the guy can tease to just show oﬀ to his mates, to feel good about himself, to
feel he can get attention from a woman....feel power i.e. to get a response from
her or because he doesn't like her.

Some do it to comfort themselves from feeling awkward or when they feel stress.
Yes, had many a times women hugging me, but it doesn't mean anything to me.
I've had women sit and talk, touch my leg, my back but it dooesn't mean a thing.
I've had women invite me to their home and I've only known them for two weeks
and yes, it didn't mean a thing.
Yes, I'd be direct, tease, ﬂirt and ask her out or make a move - but there we go...I
ﬁnd it doesn't mean a thing.
But I've got good now at which is sexual attraction and which isn't.
How?
Yes, that's right. I am direct. I make my move.
Does it make a diﬀerence if she has standards. That depends on the guy himself,
what's his perception and reality he lives with.
Some guy will look at looks. Some height. Some size. Some colour. Some want
outgoing, sociable not awkward woman. Some want techie. Some want totally
diﬀerent. It all depends on the guy what standards means to him.
12.4k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Ray Kadry

How do I let her know I like her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Anytime you're not congruent to your feelings is a show of dishonesty. It's a
demonstration of cowardiness and most of all - it will frustrate you like crazy.
The only reason you're not approaching her is the fear of rejection. Putting her
and anyone else on a pedestal.
Woman want a man who is strong and I don't mean muscles either. If you cannot
even approach a woman to tease, ﬂirt, have fun, and ask her out then how on
earth do you think a woman can believe you can even take any challenges that
come you're way when with her?
Women can sense and see you already looking and you may think she hasn't
noticed but believe me, she has.
So each time you hesistate you're making it worse for yourself.
You're showing hesistency. You're showing everything else matters including her
opinion when nothing matters but to do.
One of the most powerful few words Bruce Lee says is this..
Don't Think. Feel.
When you think too much, when you give time to do so, your mind begins to
narrate stories of what will go wrong, and..
"Oh I don't know if I'm good enough for her."
"What if she rejects me?"
"What if everyone notices and I make a fool of myself."
"What if...what if.."

You're thinking of the bigger picture.
Well, forget about then bigger picture. First focus on the smaller one and not
thing too much..
1. Do I like her?
2. If yes....approach now.
Then go with it and not to impress her.
Just approach to ﬁnd out if she got what you want. That's what most guys don't
get. That you got to impress her. No, you don't. She meeds to also show interest or
bye, bye to her.#
It's a two way street.
It's not one sided as society tries to tell us or culture. It's a two way conversation.
If she doesn't show interest, then she hasn't got what you want. That's how I see
things.
If she says no, she isn't rejected you. She don't know a damn thing or enough to
reject you. So stop putting her on a pedestal.
Think like that.
It's called balls. Grow some.
Walk up to her, smile, and say..
"Excuse me. I know this is a bit forward, but I feel you're someone I need to know.
Who are you?"
Then let her speak and introduce yourself and converse, and lead to having a
drink or coﬀee. Get her number.
Don't think. Feel.
44 Views · Answer requested by Lucas Chamberlain

Why the boy I date can lose contact with me a day and don't
meet several days?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is a sign that you're not as important to him as he maybe to you. It happens. I
remember, I met a woman in a music event. Lovely personality, very shy though
but I liked her. I wanted to get to know her and I asked for her number and she
gave me it.
We texted but then I saw a pattern in which through years of experience, you get
to see what it is. One can say shy and all that, but if you're really good at listening,
if you observe carefully and even push more, people behave and you see that
behavior as a message.
She never intiated conversation. I always did. She replied a few words. She never
really took interested in me as I did with her; and she avoided to meet up.
That's when I know I am not a priority, and she wasn't into me. She was probably
being nice giving me her number.

I've already given her plenty of opportunies, been as direct as one can possible be.
But since the eﬀort is not there from the other person, I don't make them a
priority in my life, nor emotionally invest more of my time, attention.
So I stopped texting, communication and well, she hasn't done anything herself
to ask why and nor intiated any move.
That tells me enough to move on.
For you - he doesn't see you a priority. Doesn't mean to move on but to probably
not put all your eggs in one basket and make that clear as well, so they know
you're still dating, having fun and if they say way..
"That's how you ﬁnd the partner that you can really connect. You date diﬀerent
guys and see."
It makes sense.
That way you're not waiting around and move on to ﬁnd someone who does make
you a prority, and sees you as you see him.
39 Views

If a girl talks to you on the phone for about an hour, does that
mean she loves you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I used to work at a call centre and I was calling to ask questions and the
companies and staﬀ gets tech magazine. Our instructions, "even if it takes 30
mins and an hour, with one person, still be at it."
So one afternoon, I called a company and a woman picked it up and from then
on, the conversation started and it went on for an hour. She ﬁlled in the survey,
while we were talking, ﬂirting, doing all sorts.
Did she think I love her? Did I think she loved me?
Even if it was fun, and sometimes sexual conversation that cracked us up
laughing and having fun?
No. She was probably bored, wasting sometime, liked the attention, or just
needed to talk to someone.
She did say, "I love cream crackers. Can't get enough of them, with butter and
dipping it in tea."
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

I am meeting women that I like and having stimulating
conversations with them. Afterwards, they say there is no
chemistry. As I see potential with many of them, I don't think I
know what chemistry is. What is it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for your question and wanting me to answer.
You're....too....nice. Playing safe.

By nice I don't mean go and act like a jerk. I mean when you want sexual
attraction, then you need to behave diﬀerently. Even the look on your eyes, the
conversation, the tease, the ﬂirt, and not talk for 30 minutes to such woman isn't
curious anymore.
You need to move. Take her somewhere, on an adventure, tease, ﬂirt, lead.
You probably been sitting down on same place, talking about your job, income,
politics, and all sorts. The talk is about commonalties, probably about ﬁnding out
what she does, what she into, and connecting with yourself.
You're nice, you're friendly, conversation great but you see, these do not
stimulate. They can get that from any other guy. They can also get sex from any
guy too.
But....not romance in that moment because that takes balls. I'm not saying
aﬀectionate words, complimenting her and all that. I mean an adventure, lead
her, take her hand and move.
You got a city full of things to see and through it she can feel special as you
behave in a congruent fashion i.e. your behavior is in harmony with what you feel
about her.
First attraction. Later comfort. First show her an experience, romance her by
walking, having fun, hold hands, tango, make her feel......special.
At this moment, when you do interact it is like a platonic friend type and friends
play it safe. Friend walk on eggshells. Friends do not sexualise. They do not tease,
ﬂirt, be cocky fun in a manner that's sexual and yet subtle.
They don't touch, don't hold hands and lead.
It's the usual small talk you can get from any friend.
You want to change that?
Be bold. Don't sit and talk. Take her on an adventure. Walk outside, go, say, "let's
go on an adventure instead of sitting around talking which you can do with
anyone else. Take my hand.."
Don't do what women can get from any friend and guy.
367 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Stephen Martin

When is it too soon to say I love you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking me to answer your question.
In the beginning, you don't show say such aﬀection words and behavior. If you
haven't even begun to approach the person, have dated for sometimes, become
intimate not just kiss, but sexually - gone through challenges together, overcame,
lived - it is too soon.
Far too many ask questions in regards to confessing their feelings, their love to
kind of get it oﬀ their chest. Like it's the most important thing to do. It's not. It's
the last thing one does.

Picture this - the woman/man doesn't know you. You haven't even dated. Even if
she/he is a friend for years. And yet you tell this person you love them. You will
ﬁnd the reaction and response you'll get is not like a romance novel, a hollywood
movie but make the person nervous, awkward and probably won't be comfortable
with you again.
It's not just a time limit. It's also, the experiences you have had together and the
intimacy through time. That's gives these words meaning.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Bryanna Terry

I'm 21 and l have a crush on a girl that is 3 years younger than
me (however, she looks much looks older than 18). Should I
wait a few years before pursuing anything with her or is it
socially acceptable now?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The unhappiest people in this world are the people who
care the most about what everyone else thinks."
If you want to live your life pleasing other people, desiring validation, acceptane
from them and to ﬁt it - then don't approach the girl.
But if you want to live your life doing what will make you happy even if you fail,
even if you ﬁnd it diﬃcult, and knowing you won't live life to regret,
then...approach the girl.
Know that most people are not thinking about you and those that do, and judge,
does not deﬁne you but deﬁnes their reality. It will bother you if you make their
reality....yours.
Accept someone else's opinion is not your problem.
Many a times I do not even bother conversing here but block some people and
have blocked many, cause they try so hard to change my opinion, on my answers.
When you put yourself out there, you take risks but you also grow faster than
most.
The eyes of others - our prisons. Their thoughts - our cages." - Vigina Wolf
I know it be be diﬃcult for you as it looks like what others think worries you. I'm
in my 40's and I date younger and I don't care what society thinks. That doesn't
mean I don't respect people and their opinions.
As long the girl is of legal age, approach.
A lot can happen in 3 years.
I won't wait but approach the girl but be fun, relax, smile, and not make it serious.
If you don't approach now it will do your head in and it won't be something you
can just get over.
Just approach the girl and if she is into you, then there we go.
Don't worry about other people. They got their own problems. Everyone
is...afraid. So don't mind what others think and just live your life, do what you
need to do.
Approach the girl, be conﬁdent, be fun.

983 Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a girl likes you back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What was you waiting for mate? You know how many guys just wish a woman
approaches them and just say it to them, instead of sending some stupid signals?
You know how many guys are fed up approaching women and getting rejected?
You got it on a plate. She had the guts, the backbone, the social skills, the courage
to tell you, "Ask me out. I am into you!"
She didn't give signals. She was so direct with you and you did nothing,
whatsover.
What are you doing here asking this question?
Get her number, call her and take her out or some guy will.
You have a very short escalation window and soon she be so frustrated by your
lack of action, she will suddenly think, that maybe you are not man enough.
Maybe you're not interested in her and so she will focus on someone else, and
then you can watch her date that guy.
Now, stop wasting time on here. Walk her up to her if you haven't got her number
and ask her out.
That's if, you like her too.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Meeting a girl from craigslist for a date, she seems to be too
good for a real person, we only started to talk from yesterday.
Am i rushing it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would go. You're not risking anything but time. Just go somewhere for coﬀee
than all nonsense with resturant stuﬀ. Walk about too and talk, but don't fall
head over heels.
Take your time, don't look for anything like relationship and all that love talk.
You need to take time with any dates you go on, as thats what dates are for. To get
to know someone, to ﬁnd out more, to see if you enjoy each others company and
all that, and if so, you date often.
When you do meet, assume she is your girlfriend, and don't be afraid to smile,
kiss on forehead, take her hand and say, "let's go on an adventure. Walk around
city, talk and have something to drink."
So relax, have fun but don't emotionally attach for a long while. Don't let
lonliness and any desperation, lead you. Relax and have fun, and keep money
talk out of it.
Then when you leave, go back home, take stock of things, think, reﬂect.
Take your time mate. Nice and easy but not so slow, you don't take action. Make
her feel comfortable and have fun.
215 Views

Does she like me?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Nov 7, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Does she like me?

There are two mistakes most guys make in the beginning stages. It happens a lot
because one is putting woman on a pedestal. Fearful of rejection.
Waiting...waiting...waiting but the longer you wait, the smaller the window of
escalation becomes.
Until it is too late.
In the beginning she might be interested but if you don't take action then that
interest or attraction begins to fade.
1. A number is not a date.
It does not signify anything but that. A number. Until you take action to show
interest in a direct way, and until she said yes and you date...it is only a number.
Until you call her up and sort out the date with her.
2. Most guys don't lead.
They take too long to escalate. They take weeks, months. Right now, the window
of escalation is closing fast. If it hasn't closed already.
What To Do
Make your move, lead. Pick up the phone and call her. Lead to date and get a
move on. Don't leave it any longer.
1.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why did the guy at work that I like and who likes me also, sleep
with someone else right after he met her at a bar after I wore
tight jeans and a tight T-shirt at work that day while he was
there and he saw me wearing them?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Just because you wore tight Jeans and tight shirt doesn't mean anything. It
doesn't mean you earn the right for a guy to not go oﬀ, and sleep with another
woman.
1. He didn't know you're interested in him.
2. Your clothes don't say anything about you being interested in him.
3. You didn't approach him directly and ask him out for a drink.
4. And he's not in any shape of form comitted to you in a relationship.
Wearing clothes isn't enough. You have to be proactive in approaching the guy,
asking him out for a drink, show your interest, or it's not going to happen.
Also, let's say he noticed you. Lots of of concerns..
1. You work in same company/oﬃce
2. The workers know you too
3. It's too close to home i.e. job
4. If he approaches and you reject, it can create awkwardiness
5. If he did date you, slept with you and things go wrong, then it's awkward.
696 Views · View Upvoters

A girl I just met texted me saying that she has so much to do
today. What should I reply?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't need to reply. Just leave it as it is. She just said shes busy and you leave
it to her to want to contact you if she wants to meet up.
Meanwhile, don't wait for her.
Approach other women because she hasn't got what you want. Time and
probably isn't interested. One who is interested will give an alternative day and
even suggest time.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

What I must do if I am in love with a girl that has a boyfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't emotionally invest time, eﬀort, anything and you move on. If you don't,
you'll get hurt thinking about her and doing things in ways where you can focus
approaching other girls.
So forget about her, move on and approach other girls.
If you had 10 girls you like chasing you, wanting to know you, would you even
bother wondering about her?
You'll be busy dating and ﬁnding out which girl to spend more time with and be
exclusive with.
28 Views

How do you know a guy is attracted to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 29, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I tell if a guy is attracted to me?

The question really needs to be..
1. Do I like this guy? If yes...
2. Then approach, ask to go out for a cup of coﬀee or something.
Now if he is a conﬁdent guy...
1. He'll approach you
2. Tease, ﬂirt
3. Asks for your number
4. Texts a few time and asks you out
Anything else, like looking for signals - do yourself a favour. Forget looking
for them. It will frustrate you.
So, you'll need to approach if you like a guy (I'll explain why below)...
I know that can be quite a leap but you might wait for a long time for most guys to
do anything.
Sometimes, it can be diﬃcult because some guys might be really shy, fear
rejection, lack of conﬁdence and experience.

So most guys won't take action in approaching you. Some guys won't take the
risk of asking and some may already have done so and experience negative
response. I was like that years ago. Rejection can be hard until we change our
mindset and be conﬁdent through life experiences.
So they hold back. They wait for signals and for then life of me, I can never
understand the signals. I'm more of looking for action, results and if there is none
after I approached, I move on fast.
I have to be careful because a girl might just want attention. I had that before. I
found out later, even with sexualisation in text, phone and she was doing same,
that it wasn't leading anywhere when I asked her out for date. The date didn't
happen, wasted time. Frustrating.
Maybe she just wants to be friends. Maybe she just want to talk and nothing else and I have had experiences like that. It's why I'm very direct now so I don't
emotionally invest and move on fast.
Also, I want to respect her space and that's one of the reasons I move on fast.
Then there's conﬁdent guys who will approach you and be direct, ﬂirt, tease,
ask for your number and it can move fast or slow, depending on both
parties.
Yes, I know there's all that eye contact, laughing, smiling, touching, spends time
with a girl but again. I found them misleading at best of times - if the action isn't
taking in asking the person out.
Best bet, smile, make eye contact, approach, start a conversation and say, you'd
like to continue the conversation and interested in him. Exchange numbers and
take it from there.
That is if you don't want to wait....wait....wait.
Make it easier on yourself..
1. Be approachable. Smile
2. Hold eye contact
3. Wave at the guy to come over
4. Converse, tallk and forget then "playing hard to get."
5. Touch arm as part of the conversaton and even back
6. Ask for his number and "let's have go out for a drink sometimes this week."
5.7k Views · View Upvoters

Can we become friends again?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Updated Dec 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The question has been edited and changed to make this answer irrelevant.
If she was interested in being friends she would have contacted you. So I wouldn't
start contacting her. Instead, leave it alone.
She knows you got feelings for her.
She already said no to being a friend as it will make it awkward. If you contact her
it will only show you're desperate, haven't moved on and really, haven't got much
options in your life. It also shows you haven't listened to what she is saying.

It's why I don't confess feelings to women who are friends. Plenty of women on
the planet for me to not touch my social circle.
Best you don't contact her even if it's been a year.
If she wants to - she will contact you. Leave it that way and move on to build a
solid foundation in your life, approach other girls, and try not to fall over heels
with girls who are friends.
1.1k Views

Should I believe my ex-boyfriend when he says his mom made
him break up with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He must be young and you are too. But to be honest, even when I was young, if
my parents said not to see a girl I liked; I'll ﬁnd anyway I can to see her.
So it could be, this was an excuse he could use to avoid saying exactly what he
wanted to say. We sometimes don't like saying what we want to say due to
avoiding conﬂict or awkwardiness.
It is something I've learnt the hard way and which is why I push when it comes to
women, to ensure my time is not wasted. We live sometimes in a too polite kind of
society, where most people rather be nice than saying what's on their mind in
regards to these matters.
Especially when it's face to face, or we go to same school, college, work or it's very
likely we'll bump into each other. It is frustrating at times but I'm glad I am not
patient or I'd be waiting....waiting...wondering what's going on.
But hey, you're young, and so you will have no problem to just live, go out there,
and meet other guys in school.
302 Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop liking someone I can't have?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How can I stop liking someone I can't have?

You will need to do the following to change the direction of your desire. Not
thinking about the person or just focusing on motivational way of changing your
thoughts alone won't help.
You need to take action and lots of it too..
1. Distance yourself from the person.
2. Get busy approaching other people you like to date
3. Get good at doing no.2
4. Date, sex and you'll ﬁnd that desire you have goes right down hill.
In other words, when you have options, when you have resources, there is no
scarecity. You can easily move the direction of your desire elsewhere without
frustrations but you need to be good creating options.
It helps a great deal with neediness and desperate behaviors.
If all you got is one person who isn't into you, then you're mind is going to be
dominated by the thought of this person. I'm sharing practicality here for the real

world you live in.
However, if you had 10 people, whether it's men or women you're into, calling
you, wanting you, to date you, be with you, then you have a choice to move to
whoever you desire very fast.
The other person will be out of sight as your focus is now on someone else who
does like you and want to be with you, and date you.
That doesn't mean there won't be some feelings but the pull isn't that strong
anymore. I've found in past and even now - I can walk away if someone I really
like doesn't recipocrates and not feel that much hurt.
Why?
I have options.
Get busy creating those options and don't waste time on anyone who you like that
doesn't feel same way. Always be direct and if person answers no, move away fast,
immediately and repeat until you do meet someone who likes you too.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I stop being friends with my crush?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You seem to be really into her and I doubt you'll want to orbit around her as a
friend, with such feelings.
If you feel you like her a lot and it hurts you to be with her as a friend, then
distance yourself. Think about you. Don't pretend to yourself that all is ok and
you're going to wait for her to change.
You'll hurt yourself that way. Move on.
If however, if your feelings are not that strong for her and you like as a friend then be her friend.
So it's up to you but looking at the conversation, I think it's a safe bet you best
distance yourself, and other approach women and make your intention clear
from the set go with them too.
You'll move on a lot faster that way and you won't emotionally invest as until your
in a dating relatonship for sometime.
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible that a girl who went from being into you to
wanting to be friends, to change back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There could be many reasons, like she met someone and so forth. We don't know
how you ﬁrst approached her, second, what did you do when you went dated her.
Did you play it safe?
Did you not escalate?
Did you talk a lot and no intimacy?
Did you kiss, touch, embrace etc, hold hands?

It could be many things. That's problem you see. People come on Quora and try to
let us guess or they bang on so much information it's too much too read.
My guess is, you played it safe from the very beginning and even on the dates you
had with her. Probably too nice and all that. Acting like a friend, waited for
signals to escalate and didn't.
So it could be, that some unattractive behavior happened, she wasn't sexually
attracted, nothing going on which she cannot get from a friend guy, and so she
just now wants to be friends.
Or she could have met someone else. Who knows? No one does except and I doubt
she will say why.
I doubt she will get back to dating you.
Best to move on.
1 View

Why would very attractive men sleep with unattractive
women?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Oct 28, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I approach women a lot and date too. So I'm talking from my personal experience.
The more attractive a woman is, the more insecure she becomes. The more
bitchiness I have to handle.
The more bs I have to get over.
That doesn't mean all who are attractive are like that but it happens a lot when I
approach. I'm not the only one either. Many of my friends get the similar
experience too.
Or she'll sit somewhere and not interact and expect the guy to approach, do all
the work and play some dumb "hard to get" game, which is a right turn oﬀ for me,
as I'm a guy who likes being direct.
And she knows she's attractive and that's can also cause some challenges.
Knowing you're very atrractive, in demand and all that; well, it's going to be a lot
of hard work. I just can't be bothered with it.
Now, when I approach a girl who isn't as attractive as these women, something
very diﬀerent happens. They respond, laugh at my lame jokes, go with my cocky
attitude, and we have fun.
Very intelligent and I can converse with her at many, many levels. I can talk with
her about anything and she will also share much insight too. It's something I ﬁnd
very attractive.
It's relaxing, it's more fun, and I enjoy the company - and I can't help but get
attracted by the bubbly personality, the smile, intellect, the passion she gives
when she talks, and down to earth attitude. It's very diﬀerent to what I'd get from
very attractive women.
So what I'm saying is, the attractive quality in like the appearances can go so far.
It will get boring. I've dated attractive women and fashion models. It's just didn't
click for me. Killed what I thought about when it came to attractive women. I
couldn't believe it.

I'm being blunt here.
I ﬁnd the attractive hot sexy looking women are not great in bed! I get shocked
sometimes by it. I'm 45 and I very high sexual guy. Fit, train 5-6 days a week in
the gym.
Try having sex with an attractive woman, with hot body, curves and legs to
inﬁnity and ﬁnd sex is just not fun is depressing. Not fun at all. Forget it. It will
soon get you wishing sex with someone else.
Forget sex, try having a conversation.
So this turned me oﬀ and it hasn't just happened once. It has happened many
times that it got me to believe, maybe that is how it is with attractive women. I bet
there are some who are charismatic, lived, gone through struggle, overcome
many things, have amazing conversation to share and awesome in bed.
I just haven't met them.
Then I date a woman who isn't as attractive and she is charismatic, personality
amazing, fun, conﬁdence, and amazing in bed! I can relate with her. I can go
anywhere with her and have fun and just be myself.
I feel great. I feel alive. I feel I am with someone who gets me and she is crazy mad
and awesome in bed.
Yes, attractive in appearances and all that is ok but when you really get down to
it, it's just not enough.
9.6k Views · View Upvoters

He texted me ﬁrst, then wouldn't respond?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't either. Look. If you want someone to know you're interested in them,
don't just reply hey. Even he didn't send a text that's really much use.
Reply back with value..
"Hey, how you doing? How was your weekend been?"
I get text like that from women..
"Hey"
"What's up."
"Hi"
I'm like, "man why should I even bother."
But then I get text like this, "Hey sexy, I was thinking about you other night.
Going out tomorrow, at blah blah bar. See you there, 7.40pm!"
And I'm like, "Hey, I'll be there. Make sure you wear the killer red dress and keep
your hands oﬀ. I like to take things slow" <<<teasing.
Her - Hahaha. Liar!

Me - You know me well ;)
72 Views · View Upvoters

Are cats mean or are they even able to love just as dogs do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Depends on the owner. My cat is awesome. Of course, when he isn't hungry he
walks away to do whatever and I don't see him until he's hungry but apart from
that. He's loving, awesome and cool cat.
It depends on cat personality and probably other factors.
But for me, he's a cool, very calm, polite and talkative at times...
Me - hey, your back.
Felix - calm yourself down for pete sake. I only been away for a few hours.
Me - I got food for you
Felix - Damn right you have. Oooh, you got me some sweets too!
Me - I see you like the sweet
Felix -He can read my mind?
Me - Here, let me give you a stroke
Felix - Will you PLEASE let me eat ﬁrst. I can't help I'm awesome. Now get out of
my way and let me eat. You can stroke me later.
356 Views · View Upvoters

Will poetry get me girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Hi, I'm a singer and songwriter and I'm in there mate, doing my thing live, and I
do poetry and many other creative work. And I'll say it from a guy who is deep in
the creative up to my kneck....
It doesn't get the girls.
What gets the girls? I might sound crude here but don't mind me, I'm a cocky fun
type of guy. When I ﬁnish singing on stage, I walk down, get a drink and I see
some girls.
I walk right up to them, tap her on shoulder and say..
"You're cute but what else have you got going for than your looks."
And the ﬂirting and bantering begins. Sometiomes her friends will start on me
WHICH by the way - I want because I don't give a damn about validation,
approval or impressing. I'm game on and I give as good as I get. By the time I've
ﬁnished, we're laughing, my hands on three to four girls waiste, having a laugh.
Then I walk oﬀ with one I like and we drink, talk, and the rest I'll leave to your
imagination.
Now as you can see here, I didn't write a song and give it to her. I didn't have these
girls running to me when I ﬁnished singing. I didn't have them star struck as they
not teenage 16 year old girls but women.
I knew what I want.

I saw what I wanted.
I approached with conﬁdence.
So getting a girl bring all romantic and all that, showing aﬀection ﬁrst isn't going
to do you much good. You leave the aﬀectionate stuﬀ way, way back and you
focus on being fun, ﬂirt, tease, be conﬁdence and be able to handle any bitchiness
if it happens.
Remember, girls, women have been approached by lot of guys so their defences
are up and I don't blame them either. I've seen it happen before my eyes as I'm
walking the streets, in a cafe, or night club when it's happening a lot and you're
one guy out of many who have tried.
So you need to have conﬁdence, you need to be ready if she's nervous, if she has
friends who will step up to protect their friend, you need to know how to handle
your own and what's going on.
Take your poetry. Find a draw. Put it there and...leave it there.
In fact, keep the aﬀectionate stuﬀ for later, when you have approached the girl,
she has took interest, you've dated, got to know her, she got to know you and you
have slepted together many a times, and then you can slowly show her
somethings you do, like poetry, like art, whatever it is.
There is a time and place for these romantic things. It sure isn't like what then
romance novels say, the magazines say and the Hollywood movies show. It is
actually the reverse.
If you want to do poetry or anything, then do yourself a favour.
Don't do it to get girls. Do it because you are passionate about it.
1.8k Views · View Upvoters

Whay do I do if theres a girl I like but she talks to some other
guy?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, if you stop looking for signs and some dancing prat if a cubid to hit her with
an arrow to then fall madly in love with you - and just approach her, probably she
will either say yes or no.
She can do whatever she wants. It's her life and can talk to any guy, ﬂirt, tease,
hold, kiss and yes, even leave to screw each other, and you got nothing to do
about it.
Just because you like a girl doesn't mean anything.
So stop looking and ﬁnd the balls to approach her, converse, be fun, tease, ﬂirt, be
conﬁdent and ask her out. She also has the right to say no. She's not obliged to do
anything. It's her life.
168 Views · View Upvoters

How long you will spend to pursue a girl? A guy's answer is
more preferred.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Not long.
When I am pursuing she will know I am interested immedlately - as I am very
direct.
I do screen out women who do play hard to get. That way I don't waste my sweet
time. I'm far too busy with work, business and life.
So I don't hint. I am direct and quickly will lead for us to meet up. I expect same.
That she's mature enough to say she's interested and want to meet up. Then I
know it's really about meeting up face to face, get to know each other.
If she doesn't answer the question to meet up, if she avoids it, if I have a hint she's
playing hard....I move on. I won't reply anymore to her conversations, or phone.
I'd know it's just attention seeking or she isn't ready.
42 Views

I like this guy and we just started talking but I went over to his
apartment and he is a slob. Is this important? Should I try and
look pass this? I am a pretty clean person so I don't know if I can
let it go.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Thanks for the A2A.
The reason it bothers you is it's your values and you don't want to compromise
your values, as you'll be unhappy. It will always bother you and there is nothing
wrong with having standards.
So don't feel bad or guilty that it bothers you. You'e not superﬁcial. You're not a
snob. You're not anything that might be coming to your mind your now. It's ok
that it bothers you. It's you, you like cleanliness and that's a great traite to have
too.
But it will bother you even more later on and it will impact the relationship.
Most people see something like that or something else, and think, "Oh I'll change
him/her" but it doesn't work that way. People come with years of pattern
behaviors that take a lot to change. It's them. It's who they are and it be diﬃcult
for them to change for someone else.
That's something they need to do for themselves.
Better you meet someone you like and who also values cleanliness.
114 Views

Why can't I fall in love with someone who is same age as me or
to be 3 max years older than me .i love someone who is 24 years
older than me and I can't live without him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking me to answer your question.
There isn't one answer to your questions because there will be diﬀerent reasons
and I'll cover them very brieﬂy here.
However, please appreciate, that if you love someone who is 10 years older, 24

years old, and you love him, and he lives you, then haven't you found happiness
and what you want?
Or is it, you don't want this?
So decide what you want as we go through some steps below.
1. Choices
You seem to believe that you only attract older men and so you will do actions,
and be in an evironment, and make decisions that attract older men. Nothing
stopped you from stepping away from interacting with an man who is 24 years
older.
Everything is a choice you make.
The choices you make will be inﬂuenced by your own belief system, your
thinking which of course, will impact the actions you take and habits.
It's not that you are a magnet to attract older men but it is your thinking, the
choices you make that does that.
And saying "I can't live without him" is due to your emotional investment of time,
emotions with him..
But you CAN live without him as we have done so with other people. You're
stronger than you think.
So either you believe and make the right choices ot make some reasons, to
rationalise your actions.
2. Decide what type of man and age you want.
When you know what you want and believe in what you want, then you'll do the
actions neccessary towards that goal.
This means, you will set boundaries to not engage with me of a particular age that
you don't want. You will screen them out. You will go where the men of certain
age goes, and focus on doing that.
You won't compromise and spend your time investing your emotions and time on
the age you don't want even if they try to engage with you - either online or
oﬄine.
1. Know what you want.
2. Belief in what you want.
3. Set boundaries and con't compromise out of fear or insecurities. Make the right
choices that helps you towards what you want.
4, And take the ideal steps consistently towards what you want.
28 Views

Is it worth it to move to another country in hope to ﬁnd love
there?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking your question.

The problem is not the country you're in. It's you needing to learn to use what you
got, and get better at your social skills. Going to another country isn't going to
change things.
It will only make it diﬃcult for you.
I used to think the same years ago but I sat down for a moment and was really
honest with myself. I asked myself..
1. How many women did you really approach?
2. How is your level of knowledge, skills and psychology?
3. How is your social skills?
4. Really, seriously, have you done all it takes here, in this city, country?
Fair to say, I knew the answer. I didn't
So I did what I am advising you and my life changed after 3 months of pounding
away in doing what is neccessary. Two years later, and I was doing fantastic and
still am in this area.
So my advise to you is the same I gave to myself...
Invest in knowledge about dating psychology, about social skills, conﬁdence, and
in dating coaches who show you physically in front of you how it's done, and
training you to do same, and showing where you need to get better at.
Rather invest your money in these things.
At this moment I have a feeling you don't approach enough women and I don't
mean one or two a week. I mean many, 10 a week, 20, 30, to just get at
approaching and increasing your self conﬁdence.
But not just woman but making friends as well. Go out more, socialise more, put
yourself out there to increase your conﬁdence, social skills, self awareness on
what you need to work on.
233 Views · View Upvoters

Me and my girlfriend were out drinking with separate group of
friends and we had an argument because she thinks I don't
trust her. Should I give her time or let her go?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let her go. Drinks, just an excuse mate. She knew what was going on. When
couples go out they kind of stick together and not prat about dancing with other
guys, and all that.
And when a guy's arm is around your woman's waiste for a while not some
second, she knew.
So no. Don't chase her. Don't run after her. You stick to what you think because
when you try to chase, like it's no damn big deal, and she's huﬃng and puﬃng to
blow the house down, well, don't bother.
Let her walk.
It's ok for a man to walk up to his girlfriend and say what's going on. And you
expect the same with your girlfriend too, if some girls started grabbing you
around waiste for ages, or dancing with guys.

I don't see there's much respect in your relationship from her to you.
There is something up with your relationship. Looks like it was already going
downhill and this was her excuse to walk oﬀ.
So no, let her walk.
If you ask me, "should I ﬁght to win her back?" I'd say from only my personal
views and that would be, why the hell would you? You want to grovel, say it's ok
for her to do that?
No, I won't.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I hook up with any girl?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking to answer your question.
Attraction isn't a choice. By that, I mean, one must have expertise knowledge,
skill, experience, can inﬂuence, can persuade in many numbers of ways. I have
seen it happen for a guy who is average looking, overweight.
And get laid.
I've changed my life with women due to such skill and experience.
But here lies the problem from personal experience.
Even with all this knowledge, skill, - it will be impossible to do so with ANY girl
of your choosing as there is so many factors that comes to play.
Yes, you cab attract with an attractive girl that looks attractive as her. Yes, you
might attract a girl that is successful in job as her. You can attract a girl that is tall,
blonde, blue eyes or whatever is your type, just like her but you won't be able to
get EVERY girl you see and meet and attract them - and date and get laid, and be
in a relationship
Every girl has their own will power, own desires, own values, own fears,
insecurities, hopes, dreams, cravings.
So while one attractive girl will say no, another will say yes. While one attractive
girl you meet along the way wants to date you, the other 10 girls who are similar
in attractiveness might say no.
Now, if the question is "how do I attract a girl and get laid?"
That is then a diﬀerent story and you need to be ready to get rejected, learn, know
how to do what I'm saying better until you meet a girl that says yes to you.
1. Approach her with tease, fun, instead of playing it safe. Make her feel alive and
that if she says yes, it's going to rock her world. Playing safe, medicore, nice guy
who wants to be friends isn't going to do it.
So you got to learn how to get her attention.

2. You will need to also keep her attention through the ﬁrst phase and be
compelled to date you.
3. You will need to arouse her, excite her, when she dates you and be compelled to
be comfortable with you, to trust you, to be fake and secure with you - and to be
sexually attracted to you.
I am cutting it real short as there are diﬀerent phases, skills and knowledge you
need to know and how to do them
But whatever the case maybe - attracting any girl is just impossible. So think
carefully on..
A) What do you want in a girl
B) The type of girl you want
C) What you don't want
D) The boundaries you will create
E) Protection for sexual activities and prevention of STD
Then learn to approach girls and don't take rejection personally.
2k Views · Answer requested by Kolawole Ajikanaira

What does a girl actually mean when she says to move on?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Online, many look for attention. When they get it, they now play hard to get or
dissappear and play their dumb little games. If something too slow, and there's
games being played - you don't start playing.
You know then that it's all nonsense and all attention seeking.
Move on or you're going to ﬁnd yourself frustrated and hurt.
3k Views · View Upvoters

What's the most romantic date you've experienced, heard about
or wished for? How can you describe the setting and the
feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Aug 20, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This was years ago when everything went wrong. It's very diﬃcult for people who
got to know me to believe I was in that dark place when they see where I am
today. But I was homeless, living in the streets.
One night, I met a young woman who was also homeless and we clicked together.
She would see me everyday, for 1o minutes stand outside a window, looking at a
suit and I'd say...
"One day, I'm going to get out of the streets and all this mess, and I'm going to buy
this suit and run my own business. One day."
She won't say anything but smile, stroke my back and kiss me.
Aftet 4 months of dating with her she dissappeared for weeks on end. I didn't
know where she went. I thought maybe she went back home to her family as she
ran away from them years ago.
But then another guy who is homeless called my name. I was standing in a que to
get some bread from the bus that came once every week at night.

"She's been looking for you?"
"Where is she?"
"She's at the Bull Ring. Meet her there."
So I left the que and went to the Bull ring which is where the shops are in city
centre. I saw her standing outside, smiling.
"Where's you been? I've been looking for you everywhere!" I asked.
"I know. Come on. I'll show you."
She took me into the back streets, through the alleys, through some run down
buildings and into a large urban type of park.
She lead me to a tent.
I walked in and there was a small table with take away meal. She lot a couple of
candles, ,while I wondered what was going on.
She gave me a wrapped up gift.
I opened it and it was the suit.
She said, she had worked all that time in a kitchen as a dishwasher to get me the
suit. And she was sorry she didn't say where she was. She wanted to surprise me.
She looked me with her eyes, brushed my cheek with her hands, tapped me on
nose, kissed me and gently said...
"Now, nothing is stopping you. Nothing."
I am a masculine man and it is very hard for me to show emotions never mind
crying but that day I cried as she held me. I have never cried every since except on
that day.
A lot don't get to me but what she did aﬀected me so deep that my tears rolled
down my face. Someone listened, didn't laugh at what I believed mor judged me.
She went and did it and showed she believed in me.
We had a candle lit dinner with the Take Away food.
It was awesome. Take Away food was lamb curry, rich and Nan Bread tasted so
damn good. She knew that was my favourite.
We ﬁnished, went outside to lay down and look at up at the sky.
There was no stars. Not easy to see them in the city even if you're in the park. Just
pitch black but I could now dream. I somehow believed all was possible and that I
will get out of the streets.
I will get stronger and be disciplined and I will make good in this world and give
back as someone gave to me without wanting anythng back from me. I felt more
than hope. I felt...certainty.
From then on, I did all I could to get myself cleaned in the toilets in the cities.
From one place to another, every morning and went for jobs. A lot was against
me.
But I remembered she didn't make excuses to get me this suit that I wore with
great pride and respect. I kept going. It took me a while but I got my ﬁrst job as a
graphic designer.
I didn't have qualiﬁcations but the manager said..
"There's the computer, here's a brief, show us what you can do."
Fair to say, I got the job as I had the technical skills and know how. I did the brief
very fast but also other briefs. I did more in the hope I get the job and it worked. I

got th job and with it, myself and her moved out of the streets together.
We lived together and I took her to places she always wanted to see. I took to
Alton Towers. I took her to Peak Districy and she danced in the stream rivers as I
watched and laughed.
I took her to resturant meals and I took her to the beach before she left to go back
to her family.
I never saw her again.
We lost contact but.....I still have the suit she bought for me. Hanging with all my
new suits and clothes. Out of all the suits I bought worth a lot of money - this suit
glowed so brightly and was my favourite. Everytime I see the suit it does
something to me.
Makes me feel human in a corporate and commerce world that is cold, sometimes
harsh, sometimes unforgive and sometimes you feel alone.
Everytime I come back home from the busy tube trains where people dare not
smile, look you in the eyes and where so many people and not can say hello to
you but all heads are down - I come back home to look at the suit again to
remember someone special.
I walk through those same streets with diﬀerent eyes.
When I see homeless in the street there isn't any judgement and suspicion. I
sometimes take time to talk with after business and work.
We talk like we are friends and sometimes I'd sit with them and forget about the
fast world to remember her words...
"Now, nothing is stopping you. Nothing."
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I ask him out so he will deﬁnitely agree to go out with
me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: I have a crush on a guy, how can I ask him out?

It depends on the guy. Social norms in a sense says it's a man's role but I don't
follow much of it. If I did I'd be sitting on my butt waiting for my ship to come
rolling in
You don't need to be confused. It's simple...
1. You like a guy.
2. You approach
Any blah blah negativity, or whatever is his problem, his perception, Same way I
see when I approach women. If they got some attitude about it, not my problem. I
don't let it stop me. I move on until I see another woman I like.
Personally, I love it when a woman does approach.
I remember 10 years ago, a woman approached me and said..
"Excuse me, I know this is a bit forward but I saw you, and I thought you're
someone I need to get to know. Hi, my name is (her name). Who are you?"
I was like, "wow. "

We dated for a couple of years before she left to Switzerland.
Haven't been approached by women like that since then.
Now this doesn't mean all men will see it this way. Probably not but here's the
thing. ...
Are you really going to let social norms, dictate you to wait...and wait....and wait
or go for it and see what happens?
Because that's what most people do and a lot of times, they just watch that person
walk away, wondering 'what if.'
953 Views · View Upvoters

What does the song "Can't Feel My Face" mean?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do the song lyrics can't feel my face mean?

If we look at some of the lyrics we know it's not really about a girl but about the
addiction of drugs, speciﬁcally cocaine which results in numbing.
I can't feel my face when I'm with you
But I love it, but I love it, oh
I can't feel my face when I'm with you
But I love it, but I love it, oh
And I know she'll be the death of me
At least we'll both be numb
And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come
His identity (his face) is dying due to the drugs.
With Cocain your own identity is slowly fading away, dying, and no matter what
he does, it always gets the best of him but he knows, it's going to get much worse
but he just can't help it.
He's addicted to her (to cocaine).
10k Views · View Upvoters

How would a man feel when a woman who has a crush on him
gives him a letter?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know something. There is one thing I admire. It is conﬁdence. It is a woman
walking up to me, face to face and ﬂirts, teases, and lets me know she is into me.
I have the chance to then to respond right there and then. It's attractive, it shows
me she knows what she wants and goes for what she wants. She sees my reaction
right there. I see her reaction, the feeling when she tells me right there and then.
That letters loses all that for me. The experience of the moment with her there,
face to face when she tells me.....
"Hi. I know this is a bit forward and I usually don't this but I saw you, and I like to
get to know you. My name is (her name). Would you like to have a coﬀee with me
this week?"

If a woman did that, I'll be impressed because man, not many women with that
kind of backbone when it comes to dating, does that. It is very attractive quality
for me because I love conﬁdence and being direct.
A letter giving to a man is a lost opportunity to have a conversation right there
and then, build rapport, and for me to ask for her number and so forth.
I don't know about other guys but this is how it is for me.
536 Views · View Upvoters

I received a phone call from a woman who evidently dialed the
wrong number. Now my wife thinks it is a mistress or
something. What can I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Jan 13, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's easy to blame something or someone from outside about one's own
relationship going belly up. The one who phoned is not to blame nor has she
ruined an otherwise perfect saturday.
What has is the lack of trust within your own relationship.
The problem was already there. This only highlighted the problem. Instead of
acting guilty, saying you don't know who the woman is - communicate and talk
with each other. If you make this a big deal, she will.
That incident only hightlighed something you didn't see or even know about.
If it wasn't for woman on phone, it be something else, a woman looking out you in
the street while you're walkin with your wife, or a woman asking for directions
and you're wife comes out of the shop to see you talking.
So problem isn't the woman on the phone.
It can be anything out there and it will still happen because the problem is
between you and your wife. Lack of communication, lack of spending time
together or whatever it is.
You see what's going on in your relationship.
Was some incident in past regarding cheating? If no, ok, go deeper.
Are you both spending time together as husband and wife, communicating, going
to dinner together, or is it TV, Internet and each one is in their own corner?
Are you spending time in telling your wife she's hot, gorgeous, and just spending
time being a husband and wife?
Or does she have challenges herself withn self image, conﬁdent, etc. You can ﬁnd
out by sitting down together but if she is jelous to extreme, possessive, well, you
can't really solve such things for her. She needs to realise it's unhealthy for the
relationship and get help.
658 Views · View Upvoters

Girlfriend told me she will be sleeping with her friend who is
gay, what would you think about this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I won't care personally if the guy is gay or not. It's another guy she is sleeping
ober. Sorry but I'm not going to fall for these kind of games in my own
relationship if I am dating.

Honestly, I do not get how relationships and girls suddenly tell their guy so easily,
and think it is ok, to even say, "I'm sleeping with another guy, and oh....it's ok
because he's gay." Nor do I get how some guys do this too.
Like I said in another question, a woman who date me would never say that, she'll
already know the boundaries, and if she does say it, it is over. I won't care if he's
gay or not, or he's just a friend.
I don't buy such nonsense.
You needed to say something. You needed to speak up. You needed to
communicate with your girlfriend but you didn't. Making it seems now it is all ok
for you for some guy, gay or otherwise to be sleeping the night over.
That's the problem with long distance.
It is so easy to hide, so easy to switch phone oﬀ, internet and hide. So easy to
access resources around you. It's just too much hassle at times especially when
you're not seeing each other often anyway.
61 Views · View Upvoters

How do I indirectly let her know I have a crush on her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking to answer your question.
You're overthinking this and you're going to create awkwardiness if you start
pouring your heart out.
You don't approach showing aﬀection. Instead, you approach with relaxed way,
fun, tease, ﬂirting way and get it sorted to take her out on a date.
If you tell her you got a crush and show aﬀection then you're not giving her
the chance to see why she would be interested in you.
You need to keep this simple - relax, be fun, tease, converse with her to lead you
to ask her out on a date with you.
So you approach her. Make any excuse, even if it's hilirious.....
"Hey, you dropped something.."
Go down, pretending you picked up something, look up as you go up and then
smile and say...
"I'm only kidding. I just wanted to talk to you because you seem like a girl I'd like to
know.."
You smile.
You tease, ﬂirt and be fun. Then you ask her for a date...
"I know this great place and it has awesome review on Yelp. Let's ruin it's reputation
together (smile). What's your number so we can arrange what's best for both of us?"
There we go.

Be honest to your feelings but in an attractive manner and in a way that enables
her to have the time to get to know you.
No need for confession about love or aﬀection. She doesn't know you that well to
tell her all that. Leave these things way back for when you have dated many a
times, kissed, held hand, got real intimate, sex and all that.
First get the date.
Forget signals. Forget indirect. Be conﬁdent. Go in, dive in, be cocky but in a fun
way. Be conﬁdent.
That way you get your answer and if no, awesome, you move on. You didn't pour
your heart out and all that.
If yes, awesome. You got her number, text, call and lead to the date.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

If a guy likes you, will he look past your ﬂaws?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes. If as an example, I like a woman, and she is shy, maybe introvert, whatever it
is, of course she ain't some psycho, then yes, I will look past her ﬂaws because I
like her - and also I'm not perfect either.
I will be looking at something much deeper, like her personality, what her
passion is, what her goals are, can she have fun, can I laugh with her, can we get
past the games, and get real.
And if she needs help, well, I'll do my best using my contacts, knowledge if when
I do get to know her more, ﬁnd she needs help in something, whether it's self
esteem or whatever, and she asks for help...I will help.
Of course I will. She's dating me, I care about her. I like her and I want to help and
make her feel great, happy.
So when a guy likes you, really likes you - what you see as ﬂaws - for him it goes
over his head, and sees you.
934 Views · View Upvoters

How do you write song lyrics?
Adam Taha, I writing lyrics and sing for Pop House Tracks
Updated Nov 30, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For me, I had to develop myself as an artist in knowing myself ﬁrst which later
lead me to the genre, style, and target audience I want t aim at. Then focus in
being consistent in writing such songs for such particular genre and in your way
of doing things.
When I write lyrics, I think about the theme of the song, the meat of the story.
What's it about. What does it mean. What is the conclusion of the meaning of this
song that I want everyone to feel "yes I feel it. I went through this too."
So I close my eyes and imagine it ﬁrst as a story. I even see people in the story
who are the leading characters of the story.
As an example, I was writing a song on a theme about someone getting stronger,
wanting to move on. I choose relationships in dating wise. I choose what many go

through.
So I imagined what the guy of the song is going through but also imagine the
words, that are in people's heads....and
I remember everything you said
It’s still dancing in my head
I thought were we’re so close - NOW..
I don’t know what the future holds
The day you was your gone
I kept hearing our song
Now you wanna come back home
But I want to move on
So now I need to give the lyrics a ending meaning that the whole song is about.
Making the words simple, meaningful, hopeful, and easy to remember and yet
everyone knows it's about them....
Cause I’m stronger
Stronger
Stronger
Stronger
Stronger than I’ve ever been before
Cause I’m stronger
Stronger
Stronger
Stronger
This is just part of the lyrics of the song and that's how I write the lyrics.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Romance (love): I still like my ex, but I don't think he feels the
same. So I tried to move on with this other guy thats super nice.
I kinda like him. But my ex is sending me mixed signals. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, when you ask "my ex is sending me mixed signals, what should I do" it
tells me you're looking for something. You haven't moved on and you're hoping
that these "mixed signals" mean something, like hope of getting back together.
You know what to do if you have moved on.
You'd remove his number, block it, block any contact, whatever is needed and
done. Then focus on the guy you are with.
But super nice doesn't do it, does it?
If it did, you'd not keep that back door open. It be slammed shut, and a big sign
that says....
"You Had Your Chance. Now Stay Out Of My Life!"
And that's done by these actions I've mentioned above.
When all doors are shut, when all bridges are burnt, and you know there is no
going back but forward - well, you will know exactly what to do. You'd focus on
the guy you're with.

990 Views · View Upvoters

How can we say we are ready to enter a serious relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let's say I am dating a woman and I want to get serious. How do I do that? I do it
by action?
1. I'd take her to see my parents and my othe relatives will be there too, plus
brothers and sisters.
2. I'd take her to see my good close friends.
3. I'd see her more than one a week. I'd say 4-5 times a week.
4. I'd call her more, like everyday or more than we use to.
And she will start to do the same. Take me to see her famly, relatives and close
friends. See me 4-5 times a week. Even stay at my place whenever she wants and I
same with her place.
Now, if she feels we're going too fast she will say...
"We're going too fast."
"I'm glad you told me. We'll take it real slow"
And I'll back oﬀ, tone it down, less days to see her, less phones, no more visits
with family, relatives, friends, give her more space than it was.
Where it goes wrong is where a guy or woman will do these behaviors of
seriousness when they really are not wanting a serious relationship.
So what we want must be congruent (in harmony) to our behavior.
Now that's how I do it and we live in a world where everyone is diﬀerent so you
will get diﬀerent views.
None is right or wrong but rather, what feels right and comfortable for you.
If you really want to say it, ﬁrst make the behavior happen - then after a while
say it - and you will either get, too slow or the person backs oﬀ without saying
anything.
Or.....the person feels the same way and agrees.
224 Views · View Upvoters

Is it any use going out with a girl you don't see a future with?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know something, there was one thing I wish I did long ago and I didn't do it
and came to bite me in the ass. Let's say a divource and a mess it was too.
Now I am diﬀerent because of experience, skill and most oﬀ, I know what I want
and don't want, and will walk away if I don't want.
Yes, go out with a girl even if you don't see a future.

The reason being..
1. You need to learn now, make mistakes now, get to grips in understand also
yourself, the neediness, the desperation, and having to toughen your emotions
abit.
2. You don't know the future and what it holds when you see a girl. This is why
dating is a great opportunity to go out, get to know her and listen to your gut
instinct when you get some kind of a red ﬂag.
Don't fall for beauty or lust and over something that you know will come back
and haunt you. But you need experience to understand what I mean to see what I
am saying and to feel it.
So go out with girls, date, and get to know.
Just don't promise something when you're emotionally high. Take it slow and
easy. There is no need to talk about the future when dating in beginning nor even
saying you can't see a future with her.
Just take it one step at a time.
3. You will need to learn how to approach, how to converse, what to ask, what to
look for, how to build comfort, how to show what standards you're looking for
without fear but politely and courage to walk away if the girl isn't for you
although she's attractive.
If I had someone tell me this when I was 14 years old I could have cut out a lot of
frustrates and pain. But I had to learn hard way as there was no one really.
I dated a lot of women and from doing so, I learnt a great deal about myself, but
also, I was enriched by their lives too as I learnt a great deal. Many were amazing
women, wonderful but not for long-term relationship as we were going our own
way as time went by.
Yes, some negative experiences but I was then ready, stronger and no blame or
fault on anyone. It's how it is.
So yes, do date a girl you like, as you don't know what the future is with anyone.
That's what dating is for. To ﬁnd out more about the girl, to learn more about who
she is, and for her to learn more about you too.
2k Views · View Upvoters

I asked this girl out at work, but I didn't give her my name. She
said not right now. This happen one month ago. How do I let
her know my name without it seeming awkward?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When she said "not right now" she was being nice to avoid conﬂict and
awkwardiness fom saying no. Most girls don't like saying no because they have
rejected guys before and the guys in the past probably gave her a hard time, might
gave verbal abuse because they took the rejection too hard and personal.
So sometimes, they'll say, "not now," or "I'm too busy for relationship" or "I'm not
ready for a relationship at this moment in time."
Meaning no.

It's a way to avoid arguments and prevent the guy to have hope and stop chasing
because some guys don't know when to stop.
I wouldn't try again.
Move on and approach other girls. She doesn't want to know your name. If you
had good strong experience and skill, you'd have approached in a way that
introduced yourself way early.
Approach other girls outside your work environment.
You will go through rejections but you gain conﬁdence and emotional strength to
approach in an attractive manner.
It doesn't mean she would have said yes anyway but it does mean that asking a
girl out and she didn't know your name yet - shows you missed many steps.
There was no attraction and even comfort.
506 Views · View Upvoters

Should I ask out this girl (read below)?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for our asking to answer your question.
Most people here know me due to giving details. I like to be thorough and also,
some may not agree but I'm talking from 25 years of experience. And yes,
experience when I was at school too.
So let's ﬁrst start on what you're mindset needs to be..
You need to move fast mate.
When a girl does that in front of everyone, she is showing two things.
1. The social crowd. In school, that is a big thing. You know how it is. People want
others to approve them, validate them.
So when she kissed you on the cheek it's a big deal. This is called pre-selection
which means, girls pursue guys who they see valuable by seeing girls pursuing
them or it can happen like it happened with you.
The "social crowd" she is with it, which increased the attraction about you a bit
more but if you wait it will go down.
2. You ﬂirted, did not impress but made her feel good, she laughed and she went
with it. This is called "Compliance."
Complaince is when you say for a girl to do something, like "let's go over there
and sit down instead of here," or she roles plays with you to seek approval,
validation, and also to say I am with you on this.
I did say I'm going to be thorough. Don't worry about the dating jargon, just
understand the basics I am saying here.
Keep it Fun..

So now, you must step up to the plate but remember this. Do not show aﬀection
like some lovey dovey stuﬀ. No serious romantic talk. What happens in novels
and Hollywood doesn't happen in reality.
Keep it fun, keep it light hearted and I'll show below how to show your intention
about how you feel in an attractive manner.
Let's start....
A) Make sure you see her as soon as possible and lead her somewhere, away from
the crowd. Away from other students.
Be discreet. Show you respect her and that you do care about her reputation. Sho
lead her somewhere away from the crowd.
B) Then ﬂirt, tease, fun to make her comfortable again.
Because you will now ask for her number and be direct in saying you think you
like to get to know her, you like her BECAUSE she is has a great personality, fun to
be with.
Which is true. You found that out.
Always mention why and not compliment about her body or looks. Girls get it all
time. Mention genuinely what it is you like about her not show aﬀectionate
behavior.
C) Give her your mobile phone if you got one or paper and pen. Get her to give the
digits. Then you give her yours.
D) Tell her you'll text her and then talk on phone.
E) Text her fun text in evening and let her respond. Then lead to the phone call to
have a chat with her.
"Listen texting is lame and nerdy. Call you in 5 mins?"
She might say not yet, can you call in an hour," or whatever. No problem.
F) After some fun on phone for 5 mins, you got to know more about her and she
about you.....set up the date.
"Listen, I'm know this great place to check out, called blah blah. Let's go together
7pm and meet at blah blah."
If she says not that day, give alternative.
Don't spend time texting tons and on phone many a times. Leave that talk when
you meet. Create tension. That's what this does.
Tension is good.
G) When you meet up, assume she is your girlfriend. Smile, welcome her,
embrace gently, kiss her on forehead like it's no big deal, take her hand, smile and
walk! Be fun, don't be serious.
Move fast now. Don't wait.

Hope all goes great for you but please do be fun, make a diﬀerence in her life if
you do date. Let her walk away feeling awesome and has a story to tell to her
friends on what happened with some cool dude.
23 Views

Are you a diﬀerent person when you're around diﬀerent groups
of people? For example, at home I'm distant and quiet, but
when I'm anywhere else, I'm outgoing and talkative.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, very diﬀerent. I like my silence, my space. I'm an introvert who invested a lot
of time with marketing, sales, social skills.
When I go out, I am like a party animal, saying hi to everyone I see, even
strangers, smiling and all that and no one would even believe, that I am introvert
with a level in which showing feelings is hard for me to do.
So outgoing and very talkative. I do however, ﬁrst observe my surrounding like a
Ninja very fast but then I'm full on, right in as I get into the motion.
But at home, I am quite, silent, not a word, just doing my work, and not a sound.
229 Views · View Upvoters

Should I be an artist?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First I would say, you need to decide what you want to be and when you know,
when it burns you inside, it doesn't matter what challenges you got or what
experience or skill you haven't got.
It will propel you forward.
However, I need to say something which most artist leave far too late and simply
don't do enough of.
You need to be an artist who has the marketing and sales mind.
Today as an artist you need to be the:
1. Marketer
2. Sales rep
3. PR
4. The blogger
5. The social connector
6. The Podcastor
7. etc etc.
You see, to be an artist and even a great one isn't going to really help you make a
living as an artist. If that's what you want to do. Actually, strike that. To be
whatever you want to be and be good at it is...not enough.
Don't let anyone scare you that making money from your talent isn't do-able.
That's a myth. Many artists are personal bs themselves when they say this. I'll say
why below...

It takes marketing and sales.
I have a friend who is brillaint painter but he didn't sell much paintings. He's
more of an introvert guy, isolating himself, draeing and painting...painting.
He has no clue whatsoever about marketing and generating sales from his work.
I'm an artist and I am not even close to this guy. I swear, this guy if we put like a
percentrage is like 80% better than me at what he does. The man is just so damn
good at what he does.
But he has a hard time selling his work.
Then there's me. This is one of my works....

It's not that great but it does the job but it is not what makes the money. What
sells it is the marketing, the concept behind it and the years of work it took to
build reach and reputation with many other artists and their customers too. Plus
my own customers.
I had to learn these skills
Strategy
Marketing
Selling and consumer psychology
PR
I am now so busy mate, I have to build a website so I had to also add more skills
like...
Building partnerships with web developers.
Advertising > PPC > Facebook Advertisng > Solo Ads
Copywriting
Vide production
Audio podcast
etc etc..
There are many, many artists that can do better than me. Juan Pablo Foerero
showed you some and they would kick my ass when it comes to drawing and
painting.
So if you're worried about being the best. If you're worried about competition. If
you're worried about how on earth can you win in such a crowded marketing don't be.
You ﬁrst ﬁgure out what it is you want to become.
Make a deﬁnite decision.
Then align yourself with someone out there who likes your work and has
marketing and sales skills. Someone who had done it before and can help you
with these things.
I had to learn myself and it tooks years mate but I wouldn't want it any other way
because from it, it has helped me to see what can be possible. I had to see it for

my own eyes and now, all that talk about..
"Oooh, to be an artist, and make money, is sooo hard, it just doesn't happen
because..." is now nonsense.
I know the truth now from seeing what can be done.
The problem wasn't competition or how someone was better.
It was because years ago I had no idea how to market and sell what I do in an
attractive, inﬂuencing, motivating and persuading way - and in a scalable way
that frees me instead of enslaves me.
Keep practising your art, your skill but also learn how to be a marketer, think
about a concept or a way that is unique to position yourself within a target
market.
Hope this inspires you and gives you some food for thought.
844 Views · View Upvoters

How do I make my girlfriend feel my pain when she is talking to
her ex, because it hurts me and makes me jealous?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would leave her.
You seem like a nice guy and tormenting yourself staying any longer with her. It's
going to hurt more if you don't pack up and leave.
If she is spending the time talking to her ex then I know that it's time to move on
and that she is still emotionally attached and invested, and probably missing him
and wants to go back to him.
I won't want to stay and invest my time, eﬀort and feelings to be deeply attached
to her. What's the use. If she is doing all that and she knows I know, well, that tells
me it all.
I will leave, ﬁnish, break up. Done and moved on as fast as my legs can carry me.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Am I wrong to ignore women who
are too preoccupied with ﬁnding men?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If they are not going to do it, who is going to do it to attract the man for them?
They want to date and so, they are putting themselves out there. That's their goal,
a priority to them but it doesn't mean that is all they do
So no, I don't think it's immature.
I think they are conﬁdent and uses the tools out there to their advantage.
Since you're not approaching them or any other guys, well now they are doing it
themselves.
Guys do it too a lot. So if a guy is spending a lot of time approaching women, to
get a date, are they immature?

The question is, whether they are type of women you like and if not, well, great
but we cannot go judging. To do so doesn't deﬁne them it deﬁnes who we are.
Can you imagine the dedication and time it took for them to do their degrees? It's
not easy for anyone, woman or man. They also got a life to life, many things they
do. They also got to pay bills, build their lives, relatives, friends and many a thing
like everyone else.
I think you're challenge is you're own lack of approaching women and the
frutation is getting to you.
Many guys today complain women are not doing enough to be approachable.
Well, for me, well done to these two girls in doing what most guys fear to do.
136 Views

Do guys like being called babe or baby by their girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't mind at all. Maybe some guys won't like it. It depends on the guy. I can
only speak for myself - if I'm dating a girl for sometimes and she says babe or
baby, I know it's in a loving way.
I know it's not to make fun of me or look down at me.
Now, if it's a woman I don't even know or a friend, then no. I don't want her to call
me babe or baby.
33.1k Views · View Upvoters

Why are men so complicated?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why are boys complicated?

We are all complex human beings because we come with emotions, fears,
insecurities, beliefs, cultures, and so much more. Much of it makes us behave in
strange ways, someone with courage and sometimes not.
In fact if we look at world we could easily lose hope but if we look just a little
closer, we will see the amazing parts about us all, no matter of our gender. We'll
see hope, courage, inspiration, creativity, wisdom and much more.
Much of how we behave is puzzling at times even when some of us want
something that will be the best of our interest or we like someone, but we seem to
always complicate it and mess it up.
Feelings you see. They sometimes gets us to do the weirdest things but also the
most wonderful giving and achievements.
We're all not perfect.
I'm not perfect. I come with many ﬂaws, imperfections, good and bad, and even
sometimes I wonder myself why I didn't do this or did more of that.
It is not a gender issue.
It is that we are human beings with hearts and minds, feelings - and we are all
diﬀerent in our amazing ways on how we react to whatever we see and hear.

Yes, it can be frustrating but be patient, forgiving if you can. Sometimes we all,
just sometimes get it right.
1.3k Views · View Upvoters

If I can sing Nessun Dorma in the original key, with good tone
and power, will it likely impress the girl I like if she is also a
singer (and a damn good one) and we are 17?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking to answer your question.
I'm a singer and songwriter, and I travel globally singing, and working with
producers. I also work with musicians and female singers.
And if you're question is about attracting her for a date, then the answer is no.
Singers and songwriters are dime in a dozen; and you might get her attention but
it's not here or there.
If she's a singer too then it's not going to do much good in keeping her attention
and also attracting her to date you.
Mistake most guys make is always trying to impress the girl. They just don't get
the diﬀerence between percieved value and absolute value.
Look. I know someone who is a far superior singer than me. I mean, this guy can
sing in so many ranges and he is attractive. Far better looking than me.
But when it came to attract the girl, - his amazing vocal range, his performance
got her attention but while he was doing that - I approached her, teased, ﬂirted,
made her laugh, and took her out and in doing so, she met many of my friends,
and we had a good time.
We dated for a year.
So any writing letters of love, giving her ﬂowers, buying her chocolates, and all
that chivarly stuﬀ - and singing amazing range is what this guy did. The stuﬀ
most women said they so want.
Well, when he went out with her, she said, "I just want to be friends."
Then here I come, I do none of this, none whatsover. No buying ﬂowers on date,
no chocolates, no letters, but only opening doo for her but that's it. The diﬀerence
is I didn't do things to impress her.
Many guys do this already. Many guys compliment women. Many guys give stuﬀ.
Many guys show oﬀ about job, income and bore the hell out of women with
politic talk, job, and all that.
I just approached with conﬁdence, and had a laugh, fun, and focused on her. I
didn't ask too many questions, and when I shared anything about me, I told
stories, made it fun, but short, brief. She saw my world without....me....saying
anything.
So my advise is...
Don't impress. She is no one to you to impress.

Until she shows interest in you, until she emotionally invest in you, until she
dates you many a times, until she kisses, and you slept together, had sex,
then....you can impress the socks oﬀ as much as you well please.
Because now it ain't about you impressing her to get into her pants. Now she
knows it isn't about what so many worry about...
"Oh he wants me for sex. Oh he wants to get into my pants."
It's now diﬀerent. Those barriars are not there. It's more of "hey, I want to share
my passion and I want you to share yours too."
246 Views · View Upvoters

Why does my date keeps asking me to tell her what i talk about
with other girls? Is she jealous?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

A2A. Thanks for asking to answer your question.
Yes, it is jelousy. She's asking because she is jelous but that means she also cares
about you. Main thing she isn't going psycho and running after you with a frying
pan but just asking.
Girls even though they don't admit it are jelous when they see girls talking to
their man but that is so for some guys too; and they can go overboard with it too.
However, she isn't here.
She's just asking.
The only time you get worried is when she sees you talking with some girls and
rushes at you screaming, blasting away, slapping, punching, stamping her feet,
stalking your facebook, instagram, checking your mobile phone and emails and
sending messages to all these girls that if they talk to you, she will hunt each one
down and have them for breakfast.
And dressing up as a crazy clown or a Red Devil PC outﬁt with a machete and
waiting outside for you.
Now, if that happens - then get worried. Run as far and as fast as you can.
But that's not the case here.
519 Views

Finding my job really diﬃcult and don't know how to cope?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 24, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"And my boss told me that I'm slow."
No, it is your boss who is slow in understanding that if he/she doesn't look after
best workers, hires more people, invests back proﬁt to bring in more support,
then he's going to lose his/her best employees.
You are going through what a friend of mine was going through. He's a waiter too
but in a hotel and he was doing so many things and was stressed out. He was
promised that the hotel will hire more waiters but he's been waiting for a year and
still nothing.

I thought he was going to get diabetes and I don't like advising friends. I rather
stay out of it but he kept on about it.
Don't Cope. Find A Solution if the company doesn't make one for you. If you
talked about this to them and boss and they still didn't listen, ﬁnd a
diﬀerent solution....
So after some talk, he told me that he feared he won't be able to get a job that pays
well and hotel might give him references for leaving him. On and on and we went
through each one and ﬂipping it by saying..
"But what if you did get the job you want? What do you have to lose in not just
going for it?"
He agreed it went against his core values, what he wants and he agreed that if he
keeps going on like this, his health will be aﬀected.
But he was afraid.
He was afraid that he didn't have enough skills, enough experience, enough this
and enough that.
Probably some of things that are going round your mind too.
So together, while he worked, I helped him with his CV and he got to work
applying.
The Result after total comittment from him.
After 2 weeks, he got interviews and took some days oﬀ and went for them. On
4th week he got his job, better pay and...better hours. Plus the work load wasn't as
crazy and there were more waiters in the new hotel he works at.
What To Do
In other words - you don't cope.
You get out from a system and management that doesn't listen. Especially a boss
that tells you you're too slow.
I hope you believe in yourself and don't believe you're too slow. Apply for jobs
and take days oﬀ for the interview. Make sure you look at your contact to see
duration of giving your notice.
Say nothing to any staﬀ and anyone else until you got it sorted, nipped in the
bud. This time, in interview make sure you say what you want and don't know
want. It has to be clear what it is they want.
Job description is clear etc.
34 Views

What do you do when you love someone but they walk away
from the relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 2, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was sitting with my grandpa and he was looking at a couple who were arguing in
the middle of the street. They kept on shouting until they had enough and both

walked oﬀ the opposite direction.
My grandad doesn't speak much but when he does, he says somethings that
always got me thinking.
He kept staring towards the street and said...
"Son. People will come into your life and they'll do so like a visitor. Some people
will come for only a moment to drink. Others will come for much longer to dance
too. The few will want to stay with you until the lights go out. But then there's
those who will want to be with you for the remainder of your life. If ever a time
comes they desire to leave then know they were always visitors, as I am to this
world and as you are too. We move on as vistors do..."
And move on he did.
I left the country to England as a young boy to hear that he died two days later. It
is why I remember these words so well and so clear even today.
So what about you? What do you do?
Like my grandpa said - you move on.
We're all just visitors of this world and to each other.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

When good looking and handsome guy ﬂirts with girl, she
wouldn't mind it but when average looking guy does the same,
he is screwed.Why girls are hypocrite about that?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes it happens but not with all girls. Now the reason it happens is because it's
true, he's attractive and for some girls, that's what they go for. There are some
girls who go for attractive guys but they won't recipocrate back the way some girls
do because of their own core values.
Yes, it is easier for guys who have good looks. Yes, they and attractive women do
get away with things more than an average guy would. Yes, beauty, looking very
attractive is seen as more trusting than average guy who isn't good looking..
Now here's the thing I have also discovered.
Four of my friends, had a real hard time with dating attractive girls. They just
couldn't do it. It seemed really diﬃcult.
So, they did something diﬀerent.
1. They went beyond average in their looks. They hit the gym.
2. They dressed beyond average.
3. They invested in knowledge about dating psychology
4. They then approached tons of girls every week.
By one year, they were so good at what they were doing, they are dating very
attractive girls. They had to go through more than an attractive guys go through.
They had to go through more rejections, but they had the knowledge, expertise,
skill to know how to handle it.
They did move on faster than they ever did when a girl rejected them. They had

more conﬁdence and were not going to chase. She either said yes or forget it,
move on.
That's the right attitude to have.
They turned 180 degrees and went the opposite to what they were doing before that even the attractive guys come to them for advise because many attractive
guys can get a girls attention but mess up on the date.
They mess up so bad, the girl just wants to be friends with them after the ﬁrst
date. These four guys knew why.
They are very good friends of mine and we go out together and they are the life of
the party in night clubs. No attractive guy can touch these guys when they walk
in. They have great social dynamic skills.
So the wisdom of this true story is this...
Don't wish for it to get easier. Get better.
It happens. It's how it is but not all girls do this.
While other guys rely on their looks and other things, the average guy must go
beyond but in doing so, he masters himself too, and he develops a life beyond
looking good.
He brings more value to the table and that is what these four friends of mine do.
They didn't have it easy but they realised they couldn't bitch about it all time.
They had to ﬁnd a way that works for them.
And they did.
In doing this, their skills in prospecting, in inﬂuencing, in conﬁdence has now
landed them opportunities for great job.
Night clubs hire them to pack venues and they do an amazing job too. They pack
it with girls. So their pain, their frustrations, their challenge has become
their....asset.
So I'm not saying you're not right because it does happen but not to all attractive
girls. There are attractive girls looking for more substance and it just needs one to
know how to approach in an attractive manner.
He will go through more rejections, meet more women than the attractive guy. He
will need to do more work.
That's how I see it anyway.
1.6k Views · View Upvoters

How do I go about asking a girl out when I have had no
relationship experience?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

How did you learn to walk? How did you learn to ﬁnd your way from school and
backhome? How did you learn to know which class to go to and when? How did
you know how to ride your ﬁrst bycycle and run?
You went and did it.

You didn't think, "I have no experience."
It's catch 22.
1. You go and approach girls and well, get experience. Get rejected, learn, grow,
get better until you get a yes.
2. Or don't and well, nothing is going to happen.
There is no secret, no magic, no mystery about this. It is really that simple. You
either go and do it or you let life pass you by.
You either understand that it is worth doing what is uncomfortable to get good at
it or you stay where you are.
That's how you get experience in anything.
You did it with everything else.
Forget about the big picture in regards to relationship and looking at it as some
big long journey.
Just think this..
"I see a girl and I like her and I am going to approach to ﬁnd out about her and she
ﬁnds out about me, and if all is ok, I'll ask her out for a drink or coﬀee at a cafe I
know."
That is really it.
Think small steps. The ﬁrst step and don't get your mind cluttered up lots of
steps, relationship and all that.
221 Views

Why are people so shy of their crushes even when they suspect
the person likes them back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, it's this word here > (suspects)
Think about it for a moment. The word itself is all about looking looking for
evidence using signals. Why?
Why would for an example a police oﬃcer say..
"You are a suspect to a crime?"
But he cannot hold the person in a cell?
He has to let the person go.
Because it is all just assumptions at this moment until proven.
So either the one who did the crime walks up to police stations and admits it
or.....keep looking for evidence - they keep watching for sudden moves. They
always keep looking for some behavior, a sign, a slip up.

If they take action and it goes to court without solid evidence then..
"This case is a sham. You are free to go and as for you oﬃcers, what on earth
where you thinking bringing a case as severe as this without solid evidence?"
So they fear of not wasting time, looking real bad and someone gets the chop in
the job or some serious demoting.
That's like the crush on someone.
Looking for signals, a sign, and hoping there will be a right time, a right moment,
a right everyhing.
Why won't they just approach and ask the person they got a crush on?
Because.......they fear rejection.
"What if I'm not good enough?"
"What if he/she says no?"
"What if I make a fool of myself."
"What if I get rejected and everyone knows."
And...
I must be 100% sure but you can't be 100% sure until the person walks up and
says, "I like you." Or the person who has the crush walks up and says,..."I like you
and like, I want to know more about and go on a date."
570 Views · View Upvoters

Should males pay for the female for all dates? Why? Why not?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Well, I know a lot of men who got money, job, and all that. I know a lot of women
too who got money, job, and all that but it doesn't mean this reveals that the
person has proven he can provide for their family.
It literally means squat to me. I mean, literally, not a damn thing because I've
seen men who got it all but character is missing and don't really much attention
to family but work...work...competition...work.
I've seen women too who got it all....but character is missing and don't really do
much to family but work...work...competition...work.
So for me, when I go on a date, I'm not that bothered who pays, who doesn't, and
then it's...
"I'll pay."
"No, I'm a woman! Full grown woman not a princess in a cartoon!"
"No I'm the man. Must pay all because.."
All I am thinking is this....
I just want to have a good time. I'm going to go within my means. You want to pay
to prove something to yourself then go ahead. I'm going to pay anyway, cause I'm
not that bothered.
If "here, let me pay halves" then I am ok about that too. No big deal.

So I don't ever think...
"Hmmm. I have to be careful cause she could be a gold digger."
"Hmmm, I have to show I can provide for family."
"Hmmm, I have to show I am successful, a man and blah blah."
I'm not interested in these things at all.
All I am interested is in this one simple thing...
"This was fun night weren't it?" I'd say smiling.
"Yes," she'd say, "It was great. We should do this again."
"Deﬁnitely. How about sushi next time? Never tried that stuﬀ."
"Oh yeah. That be great. When?"
"How about..."
And so on.
The rest of who pays, who doesn't, is no big deal. I am not going out beyond my
means. I'm a guy naturally in myself to want to share my knowledge, my stories,
my life, my quirky smiles with others.
And so, I live like that.
What I don't want is drama, political correctiness and all the BS we see in the
world. I just want to enjoy company of woman and she enjoys mine and we can
chill, and have such an amazing cool time.
239 Views · View Upvoters

I blew my relationship, how can I ﬁx it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is logical to assume the way to patch and sort the relationship damage out by
chasing, pursing, explaining, texting and phoning.
It will be counter-productive because right now there is so much negativity you
have created in her mind and her emotions now are all over the place. So do not
do the these things.
You need to distance yourself from her, do not make any contact with her and let
her contact you if she feels to do so. The ball is now in her court and not yours.
You see, she has known you for ﬁve years.
Five years she has known you to be someone diﬀerent to what you have
denmonstrated in that one devatasting moment. Five years of not seeing you
with such insecurities as jelousy, posssesiveness, anger and that will scare her
tremendously.
She will be thinking much more than just about dating but the future
consequences of being with someone who is someone she thought she knew but
found out she doesn't know you at all.
That mate for her is very scarey.
When you did that it created visual images in her mind about a lot of things such

as physical abuse, verbal abuse, and you never know what she went through in
the past. You never know she has faced such things and so if she did, it's even
worse.
The only thing you can do right now is..
1. Distance yourself. Do not contact her. Do not call, text, phone, email to explain
yourself. Word do not matter now.
There is too much negativity.
Give her the space to hopefully think something good about you and it won't be
done if you keep in touch or try to.
2. Get help. Get anger management help. Go and sort yourself out and question
deeply regarding your own insecurities, your jelousy and possessiveness.
It is very unattractive and toxic for any relationship. It is very draining for the
other person, scarey and also emotionally and mentally exhuasting.
3. Focus on building yourself from the inside but understand none of these now
should be about her. None I advise is a guarantee you will have her coming back
to you.
You have to take these steps with the understanding above.
I personally don't blame her for walking away and for not having anything to do
with you. You really hurt her and scared her a lot. You had your chance and in
just one date, one - you blew it.
A man must be strong to handle these matters and be emotionally disciplined. He
must show he's a rock and whatever happens outside he can withstand the storm.
She doesn't trust you and doesn't trust you have such strength. She saw the a guy
losing it over some ex. Intimadated so easily by some guy she dated and how she
just talked to him.
The 3 things you broke which are big..
1. Woman wants to feel safe.
2. Woman wants to trust the guy.
2. Woman wants certainty. That this guy is who is says he is.
You showed she can't be safe with you. She cannot trust you can handle when
obstacles come and you are not who she thought you are. 5 years she had and she
saw someone diﬀerent in that one day.
389 Views

What does this guy mean when he says "I'm terrible at these
things?" Could he be into me or just faking it?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, I get where he's coming from and from personal experience. I don't know
how many times I've been in a situation where I didn't even know a woman
wanted to date me, get to know me.
I get so many signals from what they were saying but for the life of me, I cannot
even read them. It's very frustrating and I wish most girls/women just be more

direct than playing hard to get, or using some technique they read in a PUA
(pickup artist) book or magazines.
One example, is her friend told me she was really interested and wondered why I
didn't date her friend.
So I called her and she said...
Her - But I am interested and really want to date you
Me - Hang on a minute. I said I want to take you out, and I even was so explicit,
even sexualised the heck out of things and you IGNORED what I said. Brushed it
oﬀ and talked about something else.
Her - I was, well, I know it was dumb. I was..
Me - You're shy or something? Introvert? Bad experience in past?
Her - No. It's just I read that if I give signals then you know...
Me - Signals. You read where?
Her - In this book and also magazine.
Me - You got to be kidding me. So all this ignoring when I said about going out, all
this ignoring when I said, let's meet, all this ignoring when I said I want to really
see you, all this ignoring when I said I like to come to city you live in, meet, go
out, get to know each other, was all a....game? You trying to tell me yes? You was
trying to test me?
Her - Yes! That's it. No, I mean I wanted to but I was...I don't know what I was
doing.
Me - You think.
It didn't happen in the end. It turned me oﬀ. It was so frustratingI lost interest. It
also got me thinking it's going to be like that later on too. It's going to be real hard
work.
Don't give signals to guys. He is saying he's not good at reading signals and rather
you just say it, be honest and direct.
So if you want to date a guy, go out, drink and chill, walk, hold hands, kiss etc
then just say..
"Hey, I'd like to get to know you more and thought we'd go out on a date for a
drink and chill."
It's simple, it's direct, it shows the intention why. Now we're going to get exactly
what you're saying and if a guy isn't interested, he'll be ﬂattered but will say no.
No games. No manipulation. No tricks.
Signals. Subcommunication - we won't be able to read them. We are not that good
at these hidden meaning things. If you noticed about most of us guys...we like to
be direct.
It's not something we learnt as boys and when growing up to.
Our communication and approaching women, well, we don't even have that
down. So the simpler it is and direct....the better.
Or we will lose interest and we will assume that if it's like this now then it can be
hard work later on.
259 Views · View Upvoters

My GF is not virgin, I feel cheated, upset. What should I do?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You probably got some cultural thing in your head and it may comes from your
environment about virginty and all that.
I personally cannot understand it because I date women not because I have this
challenge mentality or seeking a trophy, or ego patting to break a woman's
virginity.
In fact, I really rather date a woman who is sexually active and has experience.
Doesn't mean I'd say no to a virgin but I don't see any sense in anyone saying they
are virgin or not.
This is all social conditioning in your mind and unfortunately it comes from
centuries of brain washing, religious systems, fabricated stories about sex,
virginity that has done nothing but confuse what a relationship really is and what
love really is.
This is why so many women have a hard time to open up to guys. They have a
hard time being sexual, feminine and being open to say, "Yes, I love sex, I am a
sexual being and nothing wrong with it."
But instead, because of guys like yourself and because of the many experiences
girls and women have gone through past - most women and girls project such
negative experiences on other guys.
So now I have to walk away EVERYTIME when I ﬁnd a woman is not even
wanting to kiss, never mind sex. Not even wanting to touch, never mind holding
hands THEN I am called the jackass, the player, the guy who only cares about sex!
Not so. I am a man. A sexual being and I am being honest from day one but due
guys like yourself, due to so many issues around sex, it is so damn hard for most
women to be honest, open about their sexiality in fear of being onstracised,
judged, pointed at, and even isolated.
The fear of being so is so big that it can literally prevent two people to date, to
stop playing games, to just get on with it. This is why so many play hard to get.
This is why ﬂirting and teasing now exists.
Years ago, before all this, man and woman walked naked. Evene before laws past
by the senates in rome, atheletes woman and man would battle together, do
sports together naked.
Sex was discussed by all nations, openly.
Virginity wasn't some prize and it wasn't something one seeked. It was more
about sexual experience, man and woman needed which elevated them to a
higher level in society.
Now look at what we got.
We got it upside down and it has become so man, ﬁlled with political correctness
and fear that EVEN the teenagers are so confused on how to approach, what if
they virgin, what if they are not, what if this, what if that and so on.
Now teenagers cannot even talk to their parents openly less they be judged,
ostracised, pointed out, and even sent packing.

She didn't say she's a virgin.
You didn't marry for her virginity.
You didn't see her and tought, "Oh a virgin. Ok! My challenge is to break her
virginity."
5.9k Views · View Upvoters

I'm currently 19 years old, and I don't have a car. My parents
don't have enough money to buy me one. One of my friends
looks down on me because I don't have a car and he has his own
car. His dad bought it for him. I ﬁnd this disturbing. Should I
ignore him?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One day, a business man was driving through the country and he saw a man
ﬁshing. He needed some rest so he parked his car, walked over to the young ﬁsher
man who was relaxing next to a tree.
The business man said...
"You know can make lots of money if you had more ﬁshing line."
"Yeah, I probably could make a lot of money but why."
The business man puzzled said, "Well, with the money you can hire more workers
to ﬁsh for you."
"I see," said the young man, "but why?"
"You could get MORE ﬁsh and bough your own boats with more workers to ﬁsh
for you."
"I suppose so, but why?" Said the boy while netting a ﬁsh.
The business man smiled and added...
"Because you can be free to do whatever you want, relax."
The young boy turned to the man grinning and said...
"Yeah? But I'm already free, doing whatever I want, relaxing under this tree."
It hit the business man right between the eyes and with that the business man
said his goodbye, walked away to drive to wherever he was going - as the young
ﬁsherman pushed his hat over his eyes and laid his back on the tree.

Your so called friend is like this business man. You will meet them through your
life and you can either try to seek approval from such people, validation,
acceptance or distance yourself from them with the knowledge and wisdom that
you're doing just ﬁne.
You're friend is diﬀerent though to this business man.
You're friend doesn't own that car and nor has he achieved it. I have many friends
who are arabs, very rich. They could buy the whole streets of London if they

wanted to and some....already have bought rows of houses worth millions in
London to Islands.
But.....None of them intimidate me.
I am not envy of them. I know the money, the wealth they so easily spend does
not come from how they earned it.
It comes from their fathers and mothers who have a great deal of respect for me
and I for them.
The problem is not that you are with a friend who looks down at you.
The problem is, why you're even associating yourself with such a guy? Why are
you even being friends with someone who puts you down, looks down at you?
You don't need to supplicate and be submissive, and validate, your existence to
your friend. You don't need his approval and nor do you have to take what he
thinks about you.
You have a choice like all of us.
Either raise your standards on what a friend is or this is the type of friend you get
in life.
Raise your standards on what a friend is.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

Should I pursue something else?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You see, the reason you started engineering wasn't based on a higher purpose. It
was "a challenge" and "interested in" instead a burning passion to achieve
something you really love to do.
Here's what I mean when you do it for the right reasons...
What is it like to see a close friend become famous?
When I came to England, on my own as a teen, with a plastic white bag hanging
around my kneck - I knew what I wanted to do. It was a burning passion so bright,
nothing in the world could stop me.
I had challenges though..
1. Learning a new language and in a new country, new world.
2. Overcoming religious and cultural views.
3. Isolation and ostracisation for choosing my own path
4. There are more people who are talented and skilled.
5. I was poor at so many skills that I needed
I can list many more but because I choose something that wasn't about
challenging me, or interested in, or competing but because it was something I
love to do. It is something that nothing in world can give me happiness in doing
work than this work.
And believe me, if you read my story in link above I had many battles that would

have stopped me so fast if all it was is a challenge for me and something I'm
interested in.
The lonliness I had to go through, the struggle, the secrecy, the many years with
talents which I hid from my community was a huge heavy burden on my
shoulders because everything thought I was doing nothing.
They didn't know that my work was inspiring people around the world,
They didn't know that I changed lives in many cities and countries.
They didn't know I won many awards.
They didn't know that the singer, songwriter, author, sales enginner, marketer,
magazine editor, was on that radio when they were all sitting down having lunch.
They didn't know a damn thing about me.
The challenges I had to overcome in learning many skills because I didn't want to
go through the mainstream way was a big ﬁght that lasted me for many years to
come.
Sure, I had other artists getting mor exposure. Sure, I had to say no to many
opportunities less my face was shown and my parents and community knew.
Sure, others were better than me in this area too.
But better doesn't necessarily mean squat in the world of commerce and
marketing. The world of inﬂuence, how to position one self in a unique and
valuable way of whatever market one wants to target.
None of competition mattered to me.
None of who was better mattered to me.
None of the challenges mattered and the harder it get, the more balls, guts,
determination and ﬁghting spirit I got that would make any damn woman on this
earth feel proud to walk with such a man.
I came to a place that I grew so much I don't desire validation, acceptance,
approval from anyone. Nor even my parents. Nor my community and not even
my peers.
Instead, I desire that my work is useless, changes lives, inspires them to pursue
their path and ﬁnd their balls and backbone to identify, discover, ﬁnd or create a
NEW STORY that burns them inside.
So much so, they will always be able to get up, wipe the dirt and growl like might
lions and lonesses to charge forward in their pursuit of their own path.
And the beauty is I could do so behind in the shadows.
You have come to a crossroad in your life.
Decide what it is you really want to become in your life and not because it is a
challenge or that you are interested in.
Visualise, in your mind what you see in what you truly desire to achieve.
Then claim it and do whatever needs to be done because life is short. Life is

medicore as it is. Life is boring as it is.
Life is tedous and mundane and repetitive.
What makes it exciting, amazing, worthwhile, adventureous, challenging is that
you do something so you truly believe in, so much that even if money didn't
come, and all success you desire....
You will still do it.
So ask yourself, is this what you really want to become and you see it clearly. Is
this the purpose you are ﬁghting for?
Or is it for someone else?
Or is it due to fear, lack of self conﬁdence and you just need support, help in
engineering to help you further?
If you're honest with yourself, you will ﬁnd the answer.
Think for a moment what success means to you. Forget everyting else, if success
means to become an engineer to do whatever, and it gives you amazing feeling in
doing it, it is a burning blazing passion - then that is your blueprint.
But if it's not, then you need to step back and create your new story, your
blueprint in your mind what success is.
239 Views · View Upvoters

Is my girlfriend's behavior unacceptable?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's a diﬃcult to answer very clearly because I don't know if you both living
together, how long you've been together. It's like you both seem like strangers
even if you're girlfriend and boyfriend. So I'm only going by the information you
are giving here.
I would quicky contact your bank and cease any transactions right now. Stop all
cards and anything else, and replace them with new ones which....you have and
never give these to girlfriends.
Be responsible with such things.
Second, you need to go to your place and get this sorted now. Face to face, get the
keys of your car and also make sure any bank stuﬀ is taken care of right now
mate. Now. Not later.
Seconds, she has been unreasonable.
She should have talked to you about it and waited for your decision on this
matter. Trust is essential in a relationship as well as respecting each others
boundaries.
You need to go and talk to her and sort these things out mate very fast. It can get
very nasty with the banks. If people don't know how to deal with money and
business, and they got your money, your cards, well, you're going to ﬁnd yourself
in big trouble.

Even then, they are adults themselves and should know better. If my daughter
did that, I would say..
"No! You don't do this even for me. Relationship is based on trust. First talk to me,
let's meet him etc etc."
If this happened to me mate, it be the end of the relationship.
I'd not throw her parents out but I will help them ﬁnd accomadation but after I've
done that, it be over between me and her.
But that's me mate.
I have strict boundaries and they are there for a reason. If they are not adhered to
and if the person doesn't listen, they are out of my life.
247 Views

Would a girl of 17 years be impressed if a guy of the same age
informed her he hadn't cried in 11 years?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

One of the biggest mistakes guys do is work hard to impress than focus on the
woman herself. You don't impress a woman, that is a selﬁsh action for your own
ego.
It's about honesty.
Honesty is when you are congruent to your feelings for the woman. You don't
play some game to impress her to get into her pants.
Woman already know when I approach I want to get into her pants. I don't hide
that nonsense. I'm a man. A sexual man and damned if I'll let society tell me
other wise to now try impress.
That's not honest mate.
That's what women just hate. They want a man to approach with honesty and by
that, he knows that she knows what he's after. He's after her, and so he knows to
not impress. No need to.
He is going to approach her by ﬂirting, teasing, making her feel alive and if she
recipocrates then he will take it further, with conversation, telephone number
and later the date.
Honesty through and through.
So when you approach a woman, she KNOWS you want something and she has
had many men approach her to impress her.
You're not the only one who will do such a thing.
I've seen men who dated most attractive women and she told me, how these guys
was so great UNTIL they started acting like children, telling her of pain, of lost
hope and one even cried, sobbed in front of her.
Fair to say, she never dated anyone of them.
The thing is, has she got what you want and you ﬁnd out by being honest. You

don't show aﬀect to a woman who personally, doesn't even know you, hasn't took
time to do so, hasn't emotionally invested.
Think about it.
Why you want to go and tell her things like that?
She's not someone who you've known for years. She's not a woman you've dated
for years and slept with. You haven't bother overcome challenges together.
This is personal and personally, I don't tell a woman I can cry. Like I want her to
fall for me beacuse I can cry. I approach with strength, power, boldness,
conﬁdence.
You need to approach her by being honest with your feelings and by that you
don't show aﬀectionate behavior in the beginning and get her feeling weird,
awkward and worried.
You tease, you ﬂirt, you have fun, you show conﬁdence, you make her feel alive
by being the BEST version of you.
You don't need to impress her by how you can cry, sing, dance, and do
handstands like you're some dancing monkey or clown, to impress her how you
so feel emotional and sad, and all that.
You want therapy, go to a therapist.
However, if you want attraction the be attractive, demonstrate attractive qualities
not victim mentality.
Attraction is where you approach a woman to make her FEEL good, make her
FEEL emotions she doesn't and cannot feel from the many pathetic guys who
orbit her and try to impress her with their income, job, their eye staring, and how
they can cry and sad stories about past relationships.
178 Views

These people told my girlfriend a bunch of BS about me. She
instantly broke up with me without asking me about it. Is she
wrong?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Forget about who is wrong. Think about this...
Do you want to date a girl who is immature and who is easily inﬂuenced by other
people? You see mate, people who are looking for some excuse to do something
they want - will always ﬁnd one.
She ﬁnd her excuse. Her lies. Her logic. Her excuse to do this.
So she didn't respect you enough to talk to you.
She was looking for a reason already, an excuse and well, she got it. So now you
show you can move on and approach someone who is much mature, who isn't as
easily inﬂuenced by the BS other people say - and show she ain't that a bigger
deal she thinks she is.
This was life giving you a head start.

Now you found out what she's like and can move on to date someone less
inﬂuenced by gossip.
305 Views · View Upvoters

My boyfriend of 4 years just broke up with me. Said he needed
space. I know what I am supposed to do but how do I deal with
it?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

UPDATE EDIT..
When someone says they need space, it's usually to prepare you psychological
that the time together is coming to an end. It's not always the case but from from
what I can read, it's probably is over.
Him working and also having to come home to ﬁghts, bitchiness, and jelousy and
so forth, was the last straw for him.
So be prepared to move on because when you're in a relationship and someone
says they want space, it's usually.
Why he didn't say it's over right now?
To avoid conﬂict, awkwardiness but moreso, to prepapre you psychological and
also to prepare himself to move on. It's not going to be easy for you and it's not
going to be easy for him.
Why You Don't Chase. Beg. Plead.
It is logical to assume, that by chasing, pursing, calling, texting to talk to him to
explain or just to keep connection it will bring him closer again. The emotions
right now for you are going crazy.
Logic has nothing to do with it.
This is about emotions - feelings and right now there is a lot of negative he has
about you. It needs space so he can get to see what he does like about you, the
good things rather what has happened, and negativity.
So the actions you're doing or try to do such as chasing him, explaining to him,
calling him is going to be counter-productive to what you want to happen. It can
even get him to resent you big time.
Now what is the solution and why?
1. NO CONTACT for 90 Days.
Right now you are irrational, packed with emotions and it is at this time
where you will do many things that will make it worse. The no contact
rule helps you to not do that.
It helps you to leave him alone, give him his space, respect his wishes
and for him to start seeing you're can do that. This is very big for the
future. If a man cannot see you're behavior in these times in a positive
light then it is an indicator to him of what's to come.
So you need to show yourself and him that you can be mature, patient
and you do listen. You need to show that even without him you can live
and not be a burdern.

The No Contact rule prevents anything you say or he says that you will
regret. Any behavior you will later regret. It also serves a purpose to clear
your mind, to reﬂect and learn what has happened and to grow.
2. No Contact Means
No texting, no phone, no facebooking him, no messages, no emails and
no more asking him, when, what if etc. Give him and you that space and
ﬁghting chance.
3. Focus On You
I know you don't want to hear this but I got to say it as this is also part of
the problem on how you feel right now. When purpose is HIGHER than
Relatonship you will be stronger emotionally. You cannot wait when
time is right because this is what happens right now.
The time has come but now you haven't got that part ready to focus on
you, your business, or passion or career. This is the time to get your life
in order, your social circle bigger because no man or woman can ﬁll this
void, this emptiness. Only your purpose can.
Men and women come and go.
Purpose brings challenges, goals, for the rest of your life amd until you
meet the grave, they will be loyal to you. Life will always throw it's curve
balls as you keep ﬁghting for whatever it is you aspire to become in life.
People can love you, leave you, stay away for a while and your challenges
will still come at you.
Show yourself, show him that you are not a burden. You do have a life of
your own. You do have value to bring to the table and I don't mean
material. I mean you are living life to the fullest, with friends,
opportunities and all these he will meet with you and love you even
more for going for your goals - and for what you built.
Such things if ever you had children, can beneﬁt from. The vast
knowledge, experience, social network you built beings vast
opportunities to those around you too.
See the bigger picture. Listen to the earth beneath you trembling and
saying to you, "have you not had enough pain? Have you yet to learn? Ok,
then I will shake your life even more until you either wake up or you ﬁnd
yourself deeper in a life of uncertainty."
4. When To Contact Him
You don't. You wait. You do your own thing and wait. When he does call,
don't ask if when he's coming back. Don't bring up what happened.
Instead, just talk, get to know him again, build attraction again.
Laugh with him and he will call again and again.
Then he will intiate to meet up and take it from there. Let him talk, let
him explain and you listen. Then you can talk, and explain and he
listens.
Then together you can decide the next move, the next step and learn
from what has happened to grow stronger together.
This is where you want it to lead to, right?
Then give him the space.

Follow the steps.
I know it will be diﬃcult for you. I know everything inside you is telling
you to call, chase, text and do all the things that seems like the best thing
to do.
But you will discover it works against you and like so many people ,
regret to not have followed these steps.
7.9k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Areej Nunez

Why does everyone claim that a crush isn't love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why does everyone claim that a crush isn't love?

You can blame the bed time romance stories, romance novels, old hollywood
movies, new hollywood movies, girls and women magaazine on that one. Where
the comcept is this courting secret admiring love, or chivalry, and white knights
with heroic tales walking with women in a platonic manner and calling it
relationship, love.
Years ago, kings, queens, noblemen and women got married not for love but for
war, properties, land, status, protection and escape from poverty.
With it came a lot of people, coming together and of course, when lots of men and
women, girls and boys come together.....in very close proximity then what
happens is lots of people got crushes.
What we call infatuations.
Looking up at the queen and a knight wish he could court her but worried he
might get his head chopped oﬀ. To stories of King Arthur and Queen Quinevere where Lancelot had a crush on queen guinevere, and they admired each other
from a far and ran away together.
It was a time in which people couldn't get together because of laws and how on
conducts themselves in such a world.
And so the stories called it the undying love - with stories on how it that love is
real, that is courting love with the eyes - the love that makes one so focused on
one person, like no one else compares to this one person.
Soon it is past through music, pop culture, romance novels, (Twilight Movie
anyone?) and Harry Potter, and on and on it goes.
In the real world is it called One-itis.
It's called Puppy Love.
It's called Lust
It's called In fatuation
So What's The Problem?
The problem is, when we are youong, and I am talking from experience - we
think we know it all.

It's like you are the ﬁrst generation on this planet to have ever felt this way, so it
be must be real.
And the echoing cry of battle is heard..
"No one else can understand. Not mum. Not dad. Not brother. Not my sister.
No friend. Not the world. No one. This is true love! No one understands me!"
Does that sound familiar?
But what som many don't know is all they know is socially conditioned to believe
in this thing called crush.
Billion dollar industries have been built on this.
How about Valentines anyone?
How about promise rings.
How about love songs on loving someone from a far.
You remember you saw a Pop Idol and your heart started pumping, your hands go
wet, your throat tightens, and you swollow hard as feel yourself lifted up like
never before.
Sounds a bit like a "Love. That no one understands except me. I love him. He's my
idol, my hero. Oh if only we can be together for the rest of our lives. Oooooh."
Then years go by and you think, "what on earth was I thinking?!"
Then you grow even wiser and realise this was..
Arousal and Fear.
And all the romance novels, the movies, the songs tell you....that this is what you
feel when you're in love.
Can you see now how messed up this is?
How we thinking this is love when really it's so far from what love is?
It's called....sexual attraction!
Sexual attraction is very diﬀerent to love. It's wanting what is a challenge. It's
wanting what you cannot have.
Then lust kicks in "Oooh, wouldn't he/she be the amazing choice for my oﬀspring.
Yes, look at him/her. I am so turned on!
Sexual desire is very diﬀerent to love.
Sexual desire gets your whole body tingly, going nuts, face blushes, body
sweating and..
"Did you see! He looked at me! He's into me! He is!"
Sexual desires doesn't look at the desirable traites, the core values, the inner of
that person at a deep level, their insecurities, their past, their future, the level of

their mindset, and more.
You only ﬁnd out later and later for many is far too late.
When Does It Stop?
When you get your heart pulled out, stamped all over, kicked, punched a few
times and then if we don't wake up, well....it happens all over again until we do
wake up.
Love at ﬁrst sight is lust and infatuation.
So What Is Love?
It is calmer. It is a gradual process.
When lust and infatuation fades away, what you get if it's there...is love. It brings
joy to see who the person really is. It is the conqueror of hearts when it comes to
challeges.
It is compassion for one's own partner. It is the silence after the thunder. The
breeze after the storm.
It is not fast, speed, bang...bang...bang where bullets are ﬂying through the sky
and missiles cut through the sky. Nor is it when ﬁreworks cut through the
atmosphere and ignite the sky with colours and noise.
It is a gradual. Calm and it forges long-term relationship that takes years. It is the
ever growing need to dig deeper and deeper to know the partner and to ﬁnd there
is yet so much more to know.
In realising this - you fall in love again and again, and again with the very same
partner and....it's more powerful, greater than desire itself.
It lasts more than infatution and lust can ever do.
That is why a Crush isn't Love.
But what do we know, right?
Because......
"No one else can understand. Not mum. Not dad. Not brother. Not my sister.
No friend. Not the world. No one. This is true love! Crush is true love. No one
understand me. Anyone who say crush isn't love is ignorant."
397 Views · View Upvoters

What topics or questions should you avoid while talking with
girls?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

EDIT UPATE...
Some things I didn't include which is important. There are some room for
improvement in the question; for example..
Is it you're approaching girls as in teen or women?
Is it you're approaching i.e. for dating and it is ﬁrst time you ever taking to the
girl/girls
What is the environment? Is it night club, school, etc.

These matter for a reason.
I am going to assume it's you approaching girls you don't know or very familiuar
with to strike up conversation because of dating. And girls in this context doesn't
mean women but girls i.e. 16.
If that is so, then I'm not going to talk about these following beelow..
1. Politics
Look. It's ok if you dated for sometime, in a relationship, had sex, and got to know
each other so well but even then...it is a boring topic. I am into politics but I don't
want to talk about it. I don't want to suddenly argue about this party and that
contry, and so on.
Now if this is sexist to some folks - I really don't care. I'm not hete to be politically
correct. This is what I don't talk about.
2. Religion
We're on about talking not digging deep. Reliogion is also one of those things that
makes us look like preaches, trying to save the world. If you're religious, don't talk
about it. Just live it.
If a girl talks to me about religion, believe, I will avoid the conversation. I have 4
sisters, they say same. They just don't like this subject because of how society is
today and
3. Past Boyfriends
I may sound like a heartless guy. I may sound like an asshole but it wasn't my
fault when she dated some guy, who did whatever, for her to now project all that
on me. So if I ﬁnd in beginning I cannot kiss and suddenly..
"Because a year ago I was dating.."
Now this is same with guys too. To not talk about the past, and give some negative
story, and scorn, and hate about the ex. Leave it in the past. Focus on the girl
you're talking to and not project the past experiences on her.
5. Your day job
Forget speaking about your job, what you do and if you need to, make it very
short. Your clothes, the mannerism, behavior will say what mindset level you are
in.
No use trying to impress girls about your job as a manager.
6. You're income
The way you dress, look, behave, will show it anyway but even then, do not talk
about this. Far too many guys do and it's a right turn oﬀ.
7. Oh yeah. Please...please don't talk about the weather.
Think of it this way - you only got a few seconds to leave a lasting impression. You
need to create attraction and conﬁdence doesn't need these subjects.
These subjects can LATER be done but at the beginning stage, you want to be
light hearted, fun, not boring them to death.
This doesnt mean we got a list in our heard. I am writing it this way because this

is an answer we can show in detail.
From my experience, I stay well away from these topics until I truly get to know
the girl well. If it's 16,over 18 years old, well, that's same too
I take consideration also of logistics i.e. environment I am in.
I would suggest try all sorts and see for yourself. After all, I can only share my
experience and this comes from my experience as a teen, and also as adult when
approching girls, women I don't even know.
502 Views · View Upvoters

What should I reply to my girlfriend if she says "you deserve a
good girl"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - you deserve a good girl
Me - What? And miss out on fun seeing you dressed in a Red Devil red suit and
bitch black leather boots and me in my Wolverine gear and whips?
There are only two reasons she's saying this.
The ﬁrst is to test your frame. Maybe you've been too much of a nice guy and
predictable, and she's getting bored. See if you'll suddenly break down and cry or
something or banter back.
Or....
Get ready for the collosul drama and show that's coming your way. It's her trying
to send signals of a breakup and she will rationalise that it was all your fault
because....because.....because. Probably say the usual words like...
"It just happened."
"I was so drunk and it happened."
"I cheated and it just happened."
4.2k Views · View Upvoters

Help in convincing my friend to move on and let the girl chase?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There is one thing I follow, a rule in relationship with close friends. I don't get
involved advising them what to do with their life.
The reason is it can come back and bite you in the ass and your friend will resent
your involvement in the matter. People will always look at who to blame and they
will start with the closest one.
I would advise to leave this with him.
Let him learn the hard way if he must but you just be ready when he just wants a
friend to listen.
And when he does talk and he ﬁnishes, and askes..
"What do you think? What do I do?"
You reply like a friend....

"What do you think you should do?"
"I think...blah blah...blah."
"Well, let me know how that works out for you. I'm here, as a friend to just listen. I
know you'll ﬁnd your own way into things. I got faith in you no matter what
happens."
That's what I say to my friends.
When people ask me, why I have a huge social circle oﬄine by the way, it is
because of this rule I follow.
Even when a friend keeps pushing, I don't advise on these matters. I'm just there
to listen, let them get it oﬀ their chest, let them ﬁnd their way, whether their
world crumbles or not - I'm here for them to listen.
Your friends won't remember what you said most of the time but how you made
them feel.
Let them feel they can talk without being advised, judged and belittled. Let them
grow and make their own mistakes as we all have.
20 Views · Answer requested by Quora User

Why did the man whom I dated tell me, directly, "There are so
many girls in the world, I don't care if one girl wants to leave
me, including you."?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's so wrong at many levels. So wrong. Oh man. I hate saying this to you and I
just makes me upset when people who are together as couples say this to each
other.
Now I don't know what happened before he said this.
Was there some jelousy problems or was there some argument about something
about him and some other girls, or ﬂirting with other girls?
I can only assume that in his mind, he is not looking to be exclusive and he may
ﬂirt with other girls, probably date them, and he doesn't care if this upsets you.
Instead of being honest from beginning that he doesn't want exlusivity and isn't
looking for a serious relationship; then this is like some clause. You know like a
contract where it's very small and one day, something happens and the company
says...
"Hey, why you so upset? You knew I was like this. You knew I don't care anyway.
You knew you cannot change me. I told you who I am. That you don't matter. It's
in the contract. Here, take this magnifying glass and read the small print."
If I am dating, in a relationship...I would care. Though relationship I go for isn't
traditional sense but I would still care a lot.
I would care because I'd be hurting someone who cared for me. Who trusted me.
Who loved me for all my ﬂaws and imperfections, my rebel ways and my sheer
"arrogance" for not conforming to what society thinks is a relationship and what I
have to do and be.
I would care because she would have overcome challenges with me.

I hope he changes. I hope he regrets deeply in saying these words to you.
Yes we say things out of the heat of the moment and I hope that was so, but even
then - these words shouldn't be said.
Words are not just words.
They really do hurt and they do stay with us for a long time. Lower our self
esteem, hurt is emotionally and mentally.
385 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Silvia Zhao

What should I do if I have a major crush on a close friend and I
don't want to ruin our friendship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

For starters you don't ask a girl out and nor do you confess your feelings to her.
Feelings like love and all that need to be left alone for later one. This is very
important phase of attraction.
Many guys mess this part up by approaching a girl by confessing their feelings to
her. I understand why so many try to do this and even some guy wanted to write a
romantic letter, and send it annoymously.
Another wanted to sing a full song to her.
These are fabricated nonsense which comes from bed time stories, romance
novels, hollywood movies but 99% of what you read doesn't work in the way
human beings are wired in the real world.
When a guy approaches a girl and tells her about his feelings, love, and all that - it
creates awkwardiness. It doesn't leave room for her to ﬁrst see your personality,
by ﬂirting, teasing, making her feel alive.
This will help you to see if she really is into you but you will need to soon be
direct as I'll show here.
Rejections is part of life. Sometimes you need to take risks because if you don't,
well, you will always wonder - what if.
If someone, a friend cannot take it as a compliment even though they don't want
to date, then they are not much of a friend anyway. It's a compliment for someone
to see something in someone and want to be part of their lives.
So if you were to approach her it be like this....
1. Don't go silent. Instead approach her without showing aﬀectionate behavior
like lovey dovey stuﬀ, and being so nice, you spend so much time with her, being
so available, texting lots, hanging around lots.
That's neediness, clingyness, desperate and she hasn't earned that right for this
kind of attention and you haven't earned that right to give her that much
attention either.
2. When you see her, ﬂirt, tease, be fun, be cocky but in a fun way. Do not talk bad,
negative about her body, and do what most guys do called 'negging.'
I don't neg because when you have experience, skill and absolute value, you don't

need to make a women get hurt by bringing her down, mentioning about some
ﬂaw on her and body.
1. You tease.
2. You ﬂirt.
3. You touch as though it's part of conversation
4. You nudge, bump your waiste gently or shoulders
5. Add the cheeky grin, smile
Let her ﬁrst see you, you're personality.
Let her imagine...
"It be so awesome to be with a guy like him. He's fun, alive, and I'd date a guy like
him."
Never talk negative about yourself and about past relationships. Always be
upbeat in the phases of attraction.
Be consistent with this, do it gradually because if you have been a nice guy, with
her, then it will look strange.
Gradually do it.
Like you're turning the of a cola. Slowly or it will overﬂow to nothing. Slowly,
gradually, a sprinkle here, a sprinkle there if you have been some nice guy playing
it safe or you been not much of an upbeat.
I'm always cocky, fun, adventureous and very sexual guy so I escalate fast from
day one. So I am consistent to who I am but if you're not this, then gradual, nice
and easy.
Give her sometime but not too long, not like months and a year.
Rather give it a few weeks or a month if you're good friends already. Remember,
she hasn't see this part of you yet.
3. Now you take to the next base. The number
You now shown interest and you're not looking for signs. You say there is a great
place to check out and later have a drink and chill.
You get her number.
Again as you do this, you ﬂirt, tease, be fun...like me..
"And listen, I like to things slow. Girls always wants sex, sex, sex but what about
my mind?" SMILE, nudge her, make it fun.
4. Make the meet up happen by text or phone.
When you text be fun. Don't try and impress her,. Be fun, lively and don't text her
like her crazy. Be a challenge. Just be short and sweet and even lead to the
telephone to talk for 5 minutes.
You can talk lots later when you date.
When you do meet up, assume she is your girlfriend.
Smile, tease, ﬂirt, kiss her on the forehead like it's the natural thing to do. Don't

get put oﬀ by her reaction. Be conﬁdent.
Then take her hand as you smile go wherever i.e. cafe, ice cream or whatever. No
movies. No resturant on ﬁrst, second, third date.
You want to sit close, walk close, tough, ﬂirt, have fun but also...add comfort.
Share some things about you but..MAKE IT FUN.
Then take interest in her. Let her share about her life, passion, goals, just listen
because all of it the information is to know her, to use for teasing, ﬁrting, call
back humour and to show you really did care and listened. It's ised to ask
question, go deeper in the conversation later on.
Don't be scared, playing it safe by not touching, kissing, holding hands. Little
here, little there, not too much, but gradual.
One step at a time. Let her want more and enjoy the process of getting to know
you and you getting to know her - while having fun.
This is how you lead.
95k Views · View Upvoters

My girlfriend is really cautious after her last bad relationship
and wants to take things at a slow and steady pace I really want
to kiss her but I want to make her happy what do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

My oh My. Lots of judging today on Quroa.
The mistake you made is way back in the beginning. Here it is..
1. Know the type of girl you want to date. I'm a guy who know what woman to date
and if she so wrapped up in insecurities, past experiences for even a kiss, she can
forget dating me. It's my choice. I'm not going wait. That is what dating is for in
the ﬁrst day, ﬁrst week.
If in that week I ﬁnd no kissing, no touching and all that well, this isn't. I don't
give a damn who thinks I'm a jackass and all that,. This is my life, my time on this
planet and so anyone esle can do whatever they want.
But I'm not going to make the mistake in waiting and hoping and like most,m try
and change someone.
If I ﬁnd out some hesistency and this is dating by the way - I want to know why
and if I ﬁnd out it's due to past, and she's projecting onto me, I'm going to do the
most diﬃcult task because I know I like her.
I'd say, "It looks like to me, you're not over about some issues that happened in
your life. I loved time with you today, I really did but I feel we're not ready to date.
Take time for yourself, go and live, spend time on you because you have things to
sort out. And if in future, maybe one year I am not dating anyone, and you call
me, maybe we can try again."
I call this compassion and also I'm being honest with myself and with her too. I
know from beginning what issues I may face and I have to ask if I want to and if I
don't - that is the time to say so.
2. So you knew she was like this from the beginning or you didn't escalate in the

beginning and did what most wuss guys do, playing it safe. This is what happens
if you play safe and you're not honest with yourself.
I don't take that approach of "oh if you don't be nice, she won't kiss you."
Yeah, for someone who puts a woman on a pedestal. For someone who has no
options in life. For someone probably lacks self conﬁdence.
She shouldn't be dating if that is the case. She is not ready to give whole self to
her boyfriend. She need time to sort her out, have time alone, think, live for a
while.
This was the time to walk away if one is a sexual man and feels these things are
important to him like kissing, holding, sex BEFORE one gets to know the woman
much more. Before the investing of time, feelings, emotions etc.
Can you see how the beginning, when one is not honest with themselves and
plays it safe, can cause problems?
I am not talking about when relationship has been going for months. I'm talking
about beginning phases. That is what dating is about. To see if there are issues
right there and then and decide yes or no.
That is why I escalate in beginning, ask questions when in ﬁrst date, touch, and
all that to see if there is some issue a woman hasn't told me about. I need to know
now, about slow and all that.
I don't want to know the issues later on. I don't want to know something as
intimacy is not going to happen later on. I need to know now. It is important to
me and yes it's selﬁsh but so we all.
But I'm honest on what I want from the beginning. It makes it so much easier
before I even emotionally deeply invest and become this white knight who will
save her, wait for her until she says - yes.
3. It's ok to take it slow but this must be said from very begining.
If you rely on intimacy, touching, kissing and you see it won't happen after you
dated for a day or ﬁrst week - you walk way.
That' not selﬁsh - that's having guts to be honest to yourself and to her.
So understand what has happened. I explained this because there is no use giving
advise without seeing what the real problem is.
WHAT T DO?
Since you have emotionally invested which means you will now have the feeling
of of how you will never leave her because she went through problems in life in
the past, because you won't do what the other guy will do....well, then here's my
advise on what you can do...
1. Think carefully what you want.
2. Wait for a month or two. Give a reasonable time period.
3. See if it's emotions, somethings happening.
4. Be there for her, listen to her, support her.

4. If still she needs time and if you cannot give it, move on. Break amicably.
3.4k Views · View Upvoters

Relationships: Once I had a ﬁght with my husband. I left the
house and went to the society park. I sat there till midnight but
he never came looking for me. When I returned he was sleeping.
Was he not worried about me for being out so late?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Let us imagine I was married and me and the wife had an argument. She walks
out and straight out of the house. For me as a grown adult and seeing she is one
too, I won't be running after her.
The reason why are these...
She wants her space. Ok. I get that. I'll leave her alone.
She's gone to her relatives
She's gone to her friends house
If she really wanted me she'd say so, call me, text me, and I'll ﬁnd her and
we'll talk.
That's exactly what I'll be thinking. I won't know you're sending some message
women thingy signalling that some women with Jedi Powers can do. Altghough I
heard the legend was just a myth.
Because it isn't working here and so the legend is but than - a foklore, a myth to
give dating, relationships, romance some mystical/magic feeling.
If you do go out and want him to and walk to, just call him.
He is not a Jedi.
None of us men are.
765 Views · View Upvoters

Does he still love me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I want you to imagine this picture....and ask the real questions...
1. You know a guy who you like. You know while he was dating someone else, in a
relationship he was texting you behind her back. He was being intimate behind
her back with you - using words.
Do you think if a guy can do that to one girl, he can't do that to you? That's the
ﬁrst....red ﬂag.
A very BIG one by the way.
Do you think a guy who does that, knows what love is? Is this how you want to be
treated when you're in a relationship?
Red ﬂag 2.
You see, I don't listen to words of what girls say or for you (what a guy says). I

observe their behaviorial pattern. It's a habit they cannot switch oﬀ so easily.
You saw what that behaviour is.
He doesn't know what love is.
96 Views

My ex said he would call when he is single, what does that
mean?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's keeping you on the hook, to make himself feel good about himself. Big
power trip but also, you're like his standby. Plan B kind of thing of thing when he
has had enough of her because from way he talking, about how he will work it
until it breaks up, is not a healthy way to date anyone.
Deﬁnitely, take one massive leap forward, move on, and go out and have fun. Just
go out, dance, do whatever, meet people, and look damn good. Date someone
else.
Don't waste your time waiting for a guy who tells you that...ever.
I know you're ﬁnding it hard because of the emotional attachement but it won't
ﬁll the void. You will question the relationship and you know it won't feel like it
did before.
121 Views

I got back together with my ex-girlfriend and we have been
together for at least a month now. But she insist on keeping our
relationship a secret, why is she doing this?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There are 4 reasons she might be doing this..
1. When you both broke up - she probably was dating someone else secretly. She is
checking another guy out and do not want him, her friends to know. She might be
seeing if she still into you or that she goes back to that guy she was dating when
you both broke up.
2. She doesn't feel about you the way you feel about her anymore - and she is only
with you because of emotional attachement.
Which means one day she might see a guy in front of her somewhere and she
might go and date him and move on.
3. She is embarrassed about you and don't want anyone else, friends, relatives to
know.
4. She is unsure about you and the relationship. It can be a trust factor so she
wants to see how it goes before she lets anyone else knows that you got back
together again.
Of course these are but assumptions as I do not know her and I cannot read her
mind. You need to sit down with her, talk and if she doesn't give an answer you
feel it good enough - you make a choice then to leave her.
632 Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to message "Hi..." to some girl on Quora?
Adam Taha, Unravelling the mysteries of online marketing and social media
Updated Oct 8, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're going have some people who say yes and some who will no. Some who will
say yes but only because....AND some who will say but only if....
Now, I personally don't send messages to women.
It's actually the other way round and I don't mind at all.
I get messages from guys too. I don't mind.
I don't mind the way I don't mind when I'm oﬄine, when I'm walking the street,
when I'm on a bus or train, or a plane, or in an elevator.
Only thing I do mind is asking me questions about dating. Use the system or if
you want my private time, use the skype session. Not free, I know but there we go.
But if you’re messaging me to say hi, how you doing, I was having a great day blah
blah then welcome. I seriously mean it and I will reply. Apologises before hand if
for some reason I don’t reply as fast as I could.
I’d do the same if you came to me and said hi.
I do the same if a sales person called and I don’t need their service. I am still
polite with them as they just doing their job and pushing for whatever.
I will understand if someone walks up and says..
"Hi, you got a great ass."
Or..
"Hi, I have a business opportunity that will make you zillion of dollars."
But when someone says hi, no problem.
Now it doesn't mean I will reply fast. No, I don't have hundreds and thousand sof
messages on my inbox. I do in my business and websites.
It doesn't mean I will get upset about it. It doesn't mean I will send some hate
angry message to you either or anyone else.
By the way I get tons of hate messages you won’t believe. It’s why I closed the
comment. Sad but that is how it is.
I will either reply and say hi back.
Why it's not a big deal for me?
"It is not what happens to you - but how you react to it"
So to you as well....
If you say hi and someone blasts back at you, don't get upset. That's their level of
character. It tells you more about that person than it does about you.
Don't take it personally.
Try and live life, do good, learn as much as you can and share here. You will ﬁnd
guys, girls/women will see your value and you'll get tons of..
'Hi.'
When you do, remember what I said...
"It is not what happens to you - but how you react to it.."

Don’t take it to heart they don’t reply. It’s not a reﬂection of you.
313 Views · View Upvoters

Should I be annoyed that my boyfriend has been on a candle lit
dinner for 5 hours with another woman for 'business'?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When running a business, time is an issue. To sit with a client for 5 hours candle
lit dinner is a red ﬂag in my opinion. I know what it's like running a business. I
never spent that much time with a client especially candle lit dinner.
The only exception is when we got to really do something important which is a
large project and even then it won't be at a candle lit dinner. It be on skype calls,
meeting in oﬃce to get the job done.
I actually do not take clients to candle lit dinner. I rather keep it professional
especially when I am meeting a woman and don't want to send some mixed
signals.
And such dinners are prepared way in advance anyway and so, he could've have
said something about it way before.
But you see, this is not the problem.
The problem is trust. You don't trust him so anything that happens, is going to
trigger this thought.
I'd suggest you sit down together calmly, and talk with each other, set some
boundaries you both agree on and especially strenthen the communication part.
765 Views · View Upvoters

How do some people acquire such great social skills? I just saw
a guy in public who, cold, approached a woman and got her
number while she was literally walking on the sidewalk, and
they were talking for over 10+ minutes non-stop.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Apr 7, 2017 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You really want to know? Ok then. This is from real experience because this is
how it was done. When I mentioned average girls, it is based on your perception
what average is to you.
Attractive depends on your perception what attractive is to you.
Right, I did short version due to comments below and so I thought..
"You lazy bastards. Ok then!" LOL
SO FIRST...THE SHORT VERSION
1. You fear rejection. Lots of social conditioning you've been through
2. So lots of negative information in your mind kicks in when you see a girl.
3. You need to start small but ﬁrst dress good. Hit gym. Have sexual appeal.
4. Do small drills. Everyday approach average girls just to say “hi”.
5. Next month, do increase number and say "Excuse me" and ask for directions.
6. Keep doing that, but add more "Hey sexy,"
7. And so on until you can converse, ﬂirt with average looking girls conﬁdently
9. Until you know what works in diﬀerent environments, why and how
10. Now...go approach the attractive girls while you're in momentumn.

How long until you get good depends on you.
The secret is to start small.
Very small and consistently work your way up. You have been seriously fucked
with social conditioning and been in comfort too long.
In the house, sitting on your ass with computer. Never approaching, socialising
and so you need to ﬁrst start small.
Follow the steps.
THE LONGER MORE DETAILED. GET A DRINK AND READ...
I was 14 years old guy and like most guys, not the coolest of the bunch. Clumsy,
isolated, come from another country, thrown into school and I couldn't speak a
word of English.
Did I say, I couldn't speak English?
I did. Just want to make sure if someone makes language as an excuse.
I came from a background where my dad and mum believed I should wear the
same damn clothes, and when they get old, get them sewn up and wear them
again.
And that Nike is the devil and if I ever be seen dating a girl, as my dad once said...
"I will throw acid on your face."
My dad was a bit of a dramatic kind of dude.
Then I had to use every type of tactic to make sure I didn't get arranged marriage
which is something big in our community.
"Can't mum, need to ﬁnish school."
"First I need to ﬁnish college,"
"First I need to do a degree."
"First I need to be a rock star with 50, million sales of my LP"
WHAT? WHY YOU...."
So through time, I was called..
"You son of a dog."
"You're a failure."
"You're not good for anything," but I'd reply, "then who is the household and
teacher?"
"You will never amount to anything,"
"You won't be able to draw, paint, sing, write. Forget all that."
"You're dumb, stupid, idoit, loser, good for nothing."
Plus years of social conditioning to be ashamed about sex, and bs about modesty
and shame. Look around. You see people in denial about their sexuality.
Then the orgasmic ﬂow of words that's suppose to turn you on, ﬁre you up also
started to ﬂow from society, consistently kept coming...
"SEX....Ooooooooh. It's BAD! BAD! BAD!
"It is not normal to approach girl in street."

"It's not normal to approach girl in shop."
"It's not normal to be a man who is sexual i.e. into sex."
"It's not normal to approach girl anyway."
"No, you should never touch a woman's hand when you approach!"
"Oh no, I'm a psychologist, it be so creepy if you even kiss a woman on ﬁrst date!"
"It happens at the right time, ALL ON IT'S OWN!"
"There is good girls and bad girls. Good girls don't have sex a lot. Bad girls do"
That, "some guy ﬂying with a bow and arrow and he has a list of names and then
he sees this girl and this guy and thinks both are soul mates for each other. So he
aims, he shoots AND...well, he misses a lot. That's why it takes longer!"
Can you believe that?
I heard his from adults!
That you wonder why some tell you to ask for permission if you want to kiss your
date. Probably kiss her ass too. Probably don't do shit until she makes a move.
That you ask permission to hold her hand. Then we wonder why so many women
and girls on Quora asking..
"I've been dating this guy now and met 3 times but he doesn't hold my hand,
make a move or anything. I don't understand! I'm so confused!"
But wait!
I also heard, "OOoh, watch it with girls. They will trap you to have babies. Ooh
watch it with guys, they only care about sex. Oooh, watch it with..."
And..
"If a guy talks to you sexually, he just wants sex."
Honestly, the BS I had to get over and push aside was huge that I felt guilty being
a guy. That's what social conditionings does to you.
So much so....
I found my place in your shoes...
Confused, frustrated with all their bs advise from people who probably haven't
dated 10 women , and advise on things that hasn't worked for them, scared out of
my wits and all I can do is stare at many girls I'd like to approach.
As time went by......the ﬂying dude with bow and arrow kept on missing. It just
wasn't my year nor that year, nor the year after that.
UNTIL one day I realised something...
"Everyone is scared. Even the so called experts. Even these so called life coaches.
Even the magazine editor of women magazines and guys magazines. Even the guy
who pretends he's a guru of dating women and the psychologist and life coach who
can't stop giving me sarcastic comments on my answer because they butt hurt. So
don't worry. Do it."
But do what?
How?
What do I say?

How do I approach?
Do I become a Ninja?
Is there some secret ﬁght club I got to go to?
Do I pretend I am a rockstar?
Do I go up to her and say...
"Hey, I think you have an amazing ass and let's go to my house."
By the way, I did do this and I advise, don't do it if you don't want some girl
calling the police or getting a slap on the face.
You can in a night club when everyone is plastered with drinks but anywhere
else, you need to watch it.
I could go in and ﬁght a gang of guys.
I could walk up to a police and be in his face and not be scared.
I can take on psychologist with degrees up to their eye balls and life coaches and
win hands down because I got good at standing up for myself with the social
pressure, society tries to inﬂict on you.
I got good at knowledge. The logic. I can talk to you for hours on end about greek
gods, technology, whatever you want. I read like I am thirsty for freedom.
I could do any kind of challenge on how to make money.
I can stand in front of thousands of people on stage and rock the kasbah.
But this...women TERRIFIED ME!
It paralyzed me. I couldn't understand it.
I would look and I'd see a beautiful women and all I could hear was..
"GRRRRRRR. GRRRRRR. HOWWWWWWLLL! GRRRR."
Their eyes turn into demon shaped. Their face straight. They seemed
unapproachable. Everytime I was about to make a move some invisible dude
would say to me..
"OOooh, don't you even bother mate. She is out of...your...league!"
"Who is this?" I'd asked as I turned around looking for person.
"Forget it. I'm invisible. Just don't do it. You're not good enough"
"Why?"
He explained that, due to the shade of lighting that was bouncing from the wall,
and the way the woman's shadow was at 60 degrees, and due to her body posture,
and also it was about to rain, and the clock turning 4pm, and the stars were not
aligned, and I got a longer nose, and my ass isn't shaped like a bodybuilder, and
my teeth are crooked, and my eyes brown, and I'm I haven't got a degree, and
good looks, AND...... she will take me, sacriﬁce me to her pack of wearwolves, and
tear my throat out with how all men wants sex, and I am not good enough, and
that's when she and her pack will eat me alive in front of everyone.
As you can see, the invisible man gave a very convincing argument.
So I'd be parlysed on the spot. Just like that I believed in all the lies and all the bs
most in society, experts and media shoves down our throat everyday.

Everytime I'd see a white gorgeous woman who I want to say hi to, romance her,
hold her hand, to just talk, to just touch her face, to say she is stunning, and I like
to get to know her.....this invisible guy appears again...
"You can't. She is OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE!!!"
"BUT WHY?!" I exlaimed.
"You got bad teeth. You're clothes not ironed. People are looking. She will reject
you by throwing her cup of coﬀee all over you and everyone will see that you are a
loser, a failure and going nowhere in life. You got no job. You got no qualiﬁcation.
You're not famous. You haven't got six packs. You're NOT BRAD PITT!"
But one day, I had an idea.
Just when I was about to approach a diﬀerent woman, I got ready for the invisible
dude. When he appeared, I got hold of him by the neck, and we wrestled,
throwing each other all over the ﬂoor,
He got up and threw me on the dustbins.
I dodged his ninja moves but got hit with a round house kick but caught him with
an uppercut.
He got up and ran away and though he is still in hiding I still hear his voice...
"You can't. You have no....."
"SHUT YOUR FILTHY BIG MOUTH! I AM IN CHARGE HERE! ME!"
And so I began the steps.
STEP 1 - SEXUAL APPEAL
You can't mess with this. If you don't look your best everytime, you'll see a
woman you like and well, you're not ready.

I had to raise the bar in my appearance, smell, style but also my attitude too. It
says a lot when a guy takes care of his appearance and it's not so diﬃcult to go
beyond average. Always go beyond average. You can achieve much more by just
looking great but don't mean you'll have the skill and conﬁdence to attract
women yet.
However, it is important to make sure you ﬁrst sort yourself out in looking your
best. No excuses. Hit the gym. Get the clothes.
Read on fashion for men.
Know who you are and if you're a badboy or artist, or whatever...wear your
personality. Don’t forget the inside clothes and none of those Y Fronts. Get
yourself kitted up inside and out.
No ﬂower bullshit pattern socks. No white socks.
I don't believe "be yourself.' It's a bs advise,. Be the BETTER version of yourself
and that takes raising the bar which includes appearances.
You can increase your appearances by 5 times more. Do it. Don’t play safe with
your appearances. Look like a bad ass. If you’re into suits then be a suit guy. Be
diﬀerent. Be controversial.
Better than playing safe and ﬁtting in. Meh, forget ﬁtting in.
STEP 2 - THE BASIC DRILLS
I feared rejection.....and I'm sure most guys do too. It looks like this...

I learnt through lots of investing in knowledge about the history of sex, modesty,
shame, slut shaming, sex shaming, this shaming, and the process and
enginneering of social conditioning.
So I knew now, much of what I believed was a lie.
Much of how social norms are dictated by controlling the behavior in socieity. So
what crowd sees, they think this is how it is when really, it is not and everyone is
just following.
So there is a lot social pressure I felt.
However, I did what we call expose therapy.
- I do what I'm afraid to do in small steps.
- I am consistent in doing these small steps for 30 days
- Throughout the process, I can increase the drills to be a little harder
The ﬁrst drill was walking into diﬀerent pubs (bars) and saying hi to women and
not care what the response is.
By the way it's not suppose to go smooth.
Nothing is smooth in dating. It's not Hollywood or romance novels. So forget
about perfection. Just do it.
STEP 3 - DRILL 2
I took it further. I'd walk into bars packed with people and tapped woman in
shoulder even if she was a group of friends and said..
"Hi, you're looking great." and walked oﬀ.
In movies, videos, sales letters and covers of books it looks like this...

But in real life it is very diﬀerent.
It doesn’t look that great or feels that great when you do it for the ﬁrst time.
You're going to fail many a times.
This is what I had to go through many a times before it got better..

To you and anyone approaching women, strangers, saying hi, tapping them on
shoulder, grabbing their hand.....it is creepy. To me, it is breaking through the
noise and becoming conﬁdent by doing these things.
No, I didn't get arrested.
No I didn't get slapped.
No, the world didn't stop
No, the women didn't say, "Ewwww.'
It's not so dramatic as most women and guys and white knights tell you. They
just....walk...away from you.
But you also get woman who stay, smile, laugh, love your cockiness, and even
say...
"And here I was thinking men lost their balls. Where you from?"

To some women it's "No woman would let you do that. Just because they let you,
doesn't mean they want you to."
Like saying women are thick, dumb, cannot say no.
Believe women can say no. If they don't like you or what you're doing, believe
they'll shout it out so damn loud and in front of whole crowd.
I know, because one did that and yet 8 in a row women didn't. One went home
and we huﬀ and puﬀed the house down.
You get the idea?
Forget what society is telling you. Forget asking women how, why, what it means.
Forget it and just do it.
You can approach women and say, “Hey, Ill kiss you now, come here.”
And many will tell you to fuck oﬀ.
But keep going and you’ll ﬁnd one who will love it. Yes, it happens.
To the woman who isn’t into you, everything is wrong or she’s hesistent. She’ll
play hard to get. She’ll do what most do.
But to the woman whose temperature is high, well, you can do anything and she
will think you’re the one.
You can be dancing with a woman who don’t look interested in you and 10
minutes later you’re grinding together on ﬂoor with her tongue down your throat
and your hands on her ass.
The key is forget thinking about the bigger picture....

If you haven't approached women, you can forget about intimacy like this for a
while. You can forget about sex and all that.
It's not going to happen until you learn the ﬁrst steps...approaching tons of
women and getting conﬁdent at doing so.
Just have fun engaging…women. Engaging them!
Be honest on the type of women you want and approach to screen out women
who is not your type. Some will say yes, some maybe, some hell no, and
some...let's go home right now!
Every woman is diﬀerent, an individual and yet society labels them all the same,
the way some fellow women do and men too.
No one is right.
I attract women who like cocky, fun, conﬁdent, sexual man and I will touch, I will
approach in a sexual way but subtley and sometimes not so subtle but this is me
to screen out women who don't want such type of guy.

That's awesome. I don't waste time. She can go on her own way, I saved her time
and my time. I can move on faster.
She can play hard. I'm gone. She's been Next.
Also....the way you know the results you get in anything is to never look for
signals. Be direct and not afraid to push women to screen out so they prove they
are interested in you.

You have no time to waste.
STEP 4 - DRILL 3
I went and approached 20 girls a day who I didn't think are attractive for me but
to make them feel great.
"Excuse me, I know this is a bit forward but you look like my bratty sister."
“Hey, you got great ass.”
“Did anyone tell you, you look like the actress the movie. Erm, what’s her name.
You know!”

When I approach women I haven't got a script. I say anything. I didn't care what
the norm is, if I looked like a creep, whatever.
I didn't care anymore.
A change was happening inside me and I began to see much of what we have
believed was just utter nonsense.
I met women who ignored.
I met women who said hi back.
I also met wonderful women that talked and we had great conversation to such I
learnt a lot from them. I also met a lot of cockblockers too and knew how to
handle them.
STEP 5 - DRILL 4
I have been doing diﬀerent types of drills and it's been 6 months. I have started to
approach women and get their numbers. All I am doing is just that without even
wanting to call.
Everyday, I approached 10-20 women and at this stage, it gets easier.

I made it diﬃcult for myself by approaching the ones who looked busy, who was
walking, who was running and AGAIN, what I discovered is....many women did
stop. Many women did talk.
And some gave me their numbers.
STEP 6 - DRILL 5
When I got good at approaching and opening, have a conversation; and getting
the numbers, I began to go make it more diﬃcult.
Instead of getting their number, I lead them to have a cup of coﬀee right there
and then - or an ice cream, or whatever drink at the bar.

Some said yes, some busy, others thought I was crazy, and some didn't know what
to say. And some came home with me. Sometimes there and then and
sometimes.....a few days later or a week.
That is after we went for a drink or we went for a walk and had fun.
2 YEARS LATER
By this time I am approaching women in night clubs, in streets, in supermarket
and wherever I please.

I do things that most women advised cannot be done.
I warn you mate, watch it with advise from women and men on these matters. I
have found out 99% of what most advise on dating is complete utter rubbish.
You will only know what works when you are brave enough to just go and do it
because everyone advises from their experience, their world, their belief,
perception and you may ﬁnd it don't count much when you do it for real. You
may ﬁnd they haven't approached 100-200, 300 women.
They haven't dated over 20 women.
They may have been spending their time only in social circle to attract women or
men, and social circle is easy. It's not like approaching a stranger in the street, in
a nightclub, and walking away with a number and week later you got a date.
But one thing hasn't changed..
Though the voice of the invisible man can be heard still - the emotional strength
is there and I am at peace.
I have come to a realisation that much of who I was back then was a woven
tapestry of someone else's belief, perceptions, ideas, fears and reality. Some good
but a lot of which was counter-productive.
But I also learnt what conﬁdence truly is.
It is a skill but it is also...overrated.
You see, a skill is when you are proﬁcienct at doing something that is not in your
area, not in your comfort zone - over and over again with consistency that you get
good at it - and it makes others think your a natural.
That you were born that way.
That I'm a natural.
But they don’t see a time where I went to bars and sat on the ﬂoor just to
overcome social pressure.
They don’t see the rejections I had to go through and the discoveries of gems I
found that made me grow deep inside.
Or the many hours, weeks, months, years of reading about human psyschology,
marketing, sales books, strategy books, consumer psychology, inﬂuence books
and many self development materials.
The raising my middle ﬁnger at social pressure and do it my way. That means I
have to be vocal and stand up to what I am saying here too.
You’re going to get people telling you, you’re an asshole, jerk, player, only care
about sex, blah blah.
SCREW THEM!
Don’t mind them!
It is part of life.
They are not unique. Anyone can put a label on you. Means nothing. Let them say
whatever. They don’t pay your bills. They don’t go out with you and help you out.
They don’t really care about you.
They will never know you and nor you know them.
Don’t mind them because they don’t give a shit about you anyway.

They don't see you, approaching, feeling the fear and doing it anyway, the many
rejections in the hundreds and more.
They don't see your lonliness as you get 400 rejections and you just don't know
why it's not happening even when you followed what these books and websites,
and experts say.
They don't see your weaknesses.
They don't see how you doubted yourself and the failures you had to go through.
They don't see the battles you had to ﬁght with yourself.
They don't see you read...read....and go out and converse.....converse with many
people and not just women but everyone you meet. You talk and talk and talk
until you can't talk anymore.
They don't see the reason why you are doing it.
They don't see how you ﬁgured it out and made all you've learnt your own by
doing it every day.
They don't see how all of it became this one pattern which ﬁts you like a glove
and it's like it's always been part of you.
They also don't see the golden secret of all.
What do they see?
All they see, is a guy who walks up to women and just like that, gets her number,
and even kisses her on the lips and walks away.
They don't see the secret............that the guy doesn't get attached to
the.....outcome.
Conﬁdence isn't - Oh I will get this woman, no problem. Every woman is going to
say yes. That is ego. That is a trap.
Pain exists. It will always exist.
Fear is real. You will never really eliminate it from your life.
An Alpha isn't some guy shouting out loud, walking and pushing people around.
An Alpha is a man or a woman who fails and keeps getting up.
He/she knows what they want and keeps moving forward without the need for
anyone's fucking validation, acceptance and opinion on who they are.
An Alpha is willing to fail, learn, be humble to learn from others, uplift others,
inspire other people and never fear competition. Nor feel so much jelousy to be
obessed and fear the loss of a man or woman.
Not the commericial BS Alpha you read and hear about.
Those feelings everyone goes through when they do this will still exist inside of
you but you forge through the emotional pain, through social pressure, through
judgment, labelling, being pointed at, laughed at by cowards who call themselves
men and insecure eyes who call themselves women.
You go through the psychologists with degrees who have no experience in this
matter but text book and stats - and call you a player.
Go and look at some of the comments on my answers.
You got so called professionals, life coaches, psychologists throwing insults at me
and you know as well as I do - when someone does that and cannot answer or
debate in a profesional manner - they know they cornered themselves.

Yes! You will still get rejections no matter how good you are at this skill and no
matter how conﬁdent you are.
You will still have to ﬁght your way through social pressure. You will always feel
you live in the dark ages.
You will still go through it but this time you don't get attached to all these
outcomes, validations, need for acceptance and approval.
You don't need anyone's approval or win conquer someone;s opinion about you.
You don't give a fuck. You're not here or there to impress.
That's the secret.
To not get attached to the....outcome.
That's the place you must train yourself to come to.
That is the secret one learns how to do when he has experience.
That's the real prize.
You can read it in books. You can study psychology till your blue in the face. You
can read every dating Pick up artist technique but no one ever attains this level by
reading.
You got to go through what that guy went through.
Now - you know, how that guy got good with social skills and was able approach
her, talk for 10+ minutes and get her number..
However, what you don't see and what you'll soon realise is this...
"A telephone number is not a date."
That is the easiest part.
The rest is when you know if she's really into you or not. Or she gave you her
number just to be nice avoid awkwardness.
There is a remedy for this problem.
But that's entirely a diﬀerent story altogether ;)
496 Views · View Upvoters

If I sing this to the girl I like, do you think I will be successfull?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Listen my friend. I'm a singer and songwriter. But even I would advise you to not
do this. Do not complicate things and do things to impress the girl. Instead tone it
down.
You approach her and be honest in showing your interest to her.
I didn't say show aﬀection and confess your love to her. This is left way, way later.
Don't show such serious aﬀect in beginning and until you have dated many a
times, got to know each other and yes, even sex.
You be conﬁdent in approaching her and be fun. Tease, ﬂirt, make her laugh, and
then ask for her number.
Be conﬁdent.
You're not a dancing monkey for her.

You don't need to impress her. You just need to be honest to how you feel and
show it in an attractive manner instead of desperate.
This what you're doing is desperate.
Tone it down.
You can do all that much later, when you have gone through many phases in
dating as I explained above.
58 Views

I asked a girl out, she said sure, but I am busy this week. Does it
imply a yes or a no?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It means that she is busy this week and for you to say..
"Great. Here's my number and you get back to me when you're not busy next
week."
Then shoot her text or phone call after a week.
If you ﬁnd no response and more "Oh I'm busy this week" well, safe to say, she
was just saying it to avoid awkwardiness by saying no. Many girls/women hate
saying no for many reasons.
And if you ﬁnd that is the case, then you move on fast and approach lots of girls
and have many options, until one of them you like says, "yes, how about
wednesday. 7pm instead of monday?!"
877 Views

A girl I know is ﬂirting with me but she has a bf what should I
do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's not the question to ask. The question is...
Are you going to let someone deﬁne who you are? Or are you going to be man
enough to walk away?
This isn't about her.
Yes she is ﬂirting but you also need to know, she cannot do anything to you or
with you - without your permission.
You are the prize mate not her.
By that, I do not mean the girl is a nobody.
I mean the prize is you looking in the mirror as I do everyday, knowing full well, I
am so damn diﬀerent to most men and women. That one thing which seperates
you from so many in this world.
Integrity. Character.
How much is your integrity....your character....your name is worth?

I'd say a lot more than you playing around with a girl who has a boyfriend
already. Much more.
Now show her it is MUCH MORE.
Walk awak and say to her to stop ﬂirting with you as she has a boyfriend and walk
away. No hugs, no nothing. Ignore her.
Give her no more attention and approach another girl who is single and who you
like, because the only reason you're thinking about her is you have no options
whatsover.
If you had 10 attractive girls or girls you like pursuing you and they are single, do
you really think you would even bother with her?
Of course not!
Show how much your character is worth mate.
27 Views

What percentage of men cheat at some point?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Nov 5, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I met a white, blonde, blue eyes woman and we hit it oﬀ immediately. She
approached me after I sang my set of songs. Other women stared but she was the
one who got up and walked right up to me, smiled, introduced herself, ﬂirted,
teased and I did the same.
One week later we we're dating.
Everything was going amazingly well, then this happen.....
I caught her checking my phone. I left it behind and just when I was about to
cross the street, I checked my pocket, walked back to ﬁnd her going through my
phone.
I just stood there and she didn't even notice me looking at her until I said..
"What are you doing with my phone."
Her face went all red and well I suddenly realised the trust wasn't there. I thought
to let it go but said to not do that. There was nothing on my phone where I am
seeing someone else which I wasn't.
I let it go but then I caught her again but this time, she opened my laptop case,
looking through my laptop. She has her own laptop she brings with her to my
place.
That's when she tells me about her past experiences with other men.
At ﬁrst I thought I was going to be ok about it even after we talked but deep down
in my gut it just changed everything. It made be wonder about the future and
how her past experiences will be projected into our relationship.
The ﬁnal blow when I was in the ciy centre and I was a woman who is a client. We
were at the cafe and I was looking at the strategy I have amended for her - when

who walks in.
She does and suddenly she is shouted, saying how she knew I was cheating.
Right there was one of my clients I have worked for years to help her with her
clients. She had to sit there to hear her talk a lot of stuﬀ and accussations until
she left.
I apologised to my client as she left.
We got to my place and I immediately went and packed all her stuﬀ, put it in the
living room and told her to leave.
She tried to explain but I didn't care anymore.
She left.
The thing is, it didn't just happen once. This happened four times with diﬀerent
women and I'm not some hot looking Brad Pitt either but I know it wasn't me but
their own experiences in past, their own stories which was projected into our
relationship.
So no, not all men cheat.
But guess who did cheat?
My ex wife did.
Does that experience inﬂuence me that women cheat? No.
It does however, makes me very scary at times in dating white women because
when I did, I took a lot of hell from my community, relatives and stood my
ground NOT for her, but for me.
So to be honest, if I want to go right to the heart of it - yes, I do have some kind of
nervousness about dating white women. That's due to the past experience and
when it happened it nearly killed me.
It also killed any idea of marriage again. I don't want it. I will never have it. I don't
believe in marriage anymore. I'm now living by own terms and women who date
me know this and they alright about it.
So, you see, sometimes our experiences in the past or the experiences of others
can inﬂuence how we see life, people, the world.
It shapes our reality if we want it.
Your dad is projecting his own insecurities, own fears, probably his own
experiences, or the experiences of other men. He's doing it out of fear and
thinking fear is what's going to protect you.
Either way, you decide if you wish his perception be your reality.
One thing for sure, no woman, I don't give a damn how attractive she is, wealthy
she is, amazing she is can impact me emotionally to cheat.
I've stood at the door of death as a kid, I know what life is and what is it not. I
know it ain't much when you cannot keep your word. When you cannot rely on

the ones closest to you.
I know what treachery is and I know what it can do. I've seen cheating mostly in
many places and seen how it impacts someone else's live to even change them.
There is no mountain of gold or woman on this earth, that can make me cheat. I
can lose everything and I will still live on but if I lose myself, if I lose the only
thing real to me, the one thing I can control, I might as well not bother living.
This one thing tells me how strong I am and who I am for real. I have been tested.
I have been measured and I know life did not fnd me wanting. I am very proud of
this.
No one can take it away from me. They can take everything but they cannot this
away from me.
I am faithful to myself. I have to be to wake up every morning and look in the
mirror and say, "You've never waivered. You done good Adam. You've done real
good. Respect to you."
I like the feeling it gives. It's one of the fantastic feeling.
I call this......freedom.
6.9k Views · View Upvoters

I like this girl but I don't know how she feels. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 31, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You'll get to know me for being detailed. I don't apologise for it. I get satisfaction
from it as I know it will help.
Print it if you need to or save it to read.
YOU NEED TO LEAD
Instead of looking for signals. Signals are very deceptive at the best of times and
will frustrate you.
Why It's Rare Girls Won't Approach You?
Girls, women have a lot to lose in their mind when approaching a guy. It's not
their fault. It is due to many years, started centuries again where social
conditiong started to brain wash people about modesty and making sex as some
shameful thing.
Read books on the history of modesty, shame and sex. Get ready to learn nothing
is as it seems to be today.
It's best to do so and it will open your mind to not see the world we want it to be
but for what it is today.
It is full of judging, labelling and girls fear being ostracised, judged, pointed at
and called all sorts of names from other girls and women, and guys too who are
part of this problem.
So you cannot under any circumstances assume the girl is going to approach you
and tell you she's is interested in you.

It is very, very rare. It happens but it is very rare.
Why Looking For Signals Creates Fear
When you look for signals, you need to appreciate girls/women have been ﬁned
tuned, learnt more than us guys on subcommunication, body language and they
will already be alrted by the tools they have to know a guy is looking at them and
showing interest.
So being hesistent is not a good thing.
Being hesistent shows lack of conﬁdence.
It reveals her value in her mind is higher than yours. That you are intimidated by
her. That you have something to hide and you are not who you say you are.
It also gives time for your mind to narrates many excuses on why you shouldn't
apprpoach her...
What if I'm not good enough for her?
What if she gets upset if I approach her?
It's not the right time.
Too many people around her.
She might be busy.
Maybe I should wait for a deﬁnite sign.
Your brain primary function is to protect. It is to avoid discomfort, pain and
detect threat. It will try to tell you it's not safe and it's normal to do.
That's because we've been socially conditioned on how it will be awkward to
certain things in society and it's not the social normal behavior.
So you must only have two things in mind or your unconscious mind will
start bringing up all sorts of stories and you'll get parlysed from taking
action...
1. You like the girl? If yes...
2. You approach her immediate. Forget the 3 second rule.
Do it now!
Why There Is No 3 Second Rule
Something really imporant I realised which has helped me greately,
There is no "wait for the right time.
There is no, "life will bring me the one."
There is no "soul mate."
Let me explain....
The right one, the soul mate, the one, is diﬀerent to what most think about. Such
a person takes time to BECOME with you.
And that person might not be this girl but you will never know, until you

approach her, dated her, found out more, got to know each other and for life to
test you both on how you really feel for each other.
So you need to approach and ﬁnd out.
You need to experience failures and success. You need to go through many
rejections. It is part of life for you to learn and give your mind the knowledge, the
tools, the information it needs to help you INSTEAD of ﬁghting against you.
In doing so you will get results which helps increase conﬁdence and help you
become self aware of the lies we have been taught.
You will gather knowledge that will help you in the future because right now, you
might be at a stage where you're needy, desperate, clingy and you may not know
it but these will play a part in you getting hurt many a times.
But if you can get past the hurt - you will grow faster.
No one can save you from this hurt only you and you won't be able to save
yourself from such hurt because you haven't yet experienced what you need to
know.
THE RIGHT ONE?
You need to always approach a girl you like and in doing so, she may not be the
one and so you move on, to the next girl. The next girl and the next girl and some
you will date and some you will not.
The faster a guy stops crying over a girl who said no and whinging and move
ahead, the faster you become ready.
Time is not on our side for this reason here......
One day, years later, a woman will appear.
You will be ready with all the knowledge, experience, conﬁdence and maturity to
know how to do what is necessary.
All that you have been through has been for this moment.
All the rejections, all the bad breakups, all the heart aches, all the broken
promises, and the time when you got past the dumb games so many still play has
lead you to this moment.
The moments of neediness, being walked all over in the past to now have become
wiser, stronger and opiniated. That you will not agree to everything a woman says
if you dissagree and nor will you be treated with disrespect because you fear of
losing her.
This is so for her too.
All the rejections she faced, all the bad breakups, all the heart aches, all the
broken promises, and the time when she got past the dumb games so many still
play has lead HER to.....this moment.
THEN IT HAPPENS....
You click like you have never clicked before with a woman and she connects with

you like she never has for a man.
Through the years to come, you will go through so many hard time but you stick
together. You will go through much misunderstanding but you'll both ﬁght it
through - together.
You will fail together, cry together, laugh together, make many a mistakes
together but you will become stronger together. No challenge is big enough. No
valley high enough.
Nothing can bring you both down.
Not whispers from society and their judging. Nor your own fears and insecurities
will get in the way.
People will wonder...
"How can you guys be together for 20 years and still be like that. You're always
seen together, laughing, having fun, loving. What is the secret?"
THAT'S WHEN YOU REALISE...
She's your soul mate.
That's when she realises you are hers.
That's what the right one is.
It is in the BECOMING together.
If you don't be honest with your feelings, when you see a girl, and you walk away you will never be ready. You only prolong being ready. You only open yourself up
wide for being emotionally weak.
You won't have a clue what to do and you'll be a bag of nerves and with lack of
substances, experience, maturity and fear. Filled with excuses and regrets to last
you a life time.
SO HOW TO DO YOU APPROACH?
If the answer is "Yes I like this girl" you must immediately approach and not be
hesistent. You must not show aﬀection.
Instead you approach, smile, ﬂirt, tease, make her see your personality. Leave out
the romantic stuﬀ out of it.
Be direct in your intentions.
You don't be direct like this...
"Hey, you got a great ass and I want to sleep with you."
You do it by behavior. You're behavior must be congruent to what you feel about
her in the most honest way possible way.
Because if you don't - I promise you, you will be so frustrated because you know,
she doesn't know if you're interested or not.

She will wonder if you're just playing or not and you don't want to take that
chance for her assume this is so.
You want her to know 100% you like her and want to be with her. You want her to
know you're attracted to her.
You want to know so you can proceed with her or move on.
That is why you approach her immediately, conﬁdently smile, tease, ﬂirt, touch
her hand like it's part of the conversation, be fun, and then ask her for her
number and tell her why.
"I enjoyed the conversation with you and I'd like to continue the conversation
over a drink to get to know you."
You had your mobile phone, you get her digits, you give her yours and you touch
her arm again warmly with a smile.
ASSUME SHE IS YOUR GIRLFRIEND
In all you read right now you will see one characteristic that most guys do not
have and fail to do.
They fail to LEAD!
This is how you lead.....
You text her and be fun.
You call her on the phone and build trust
You lead it to the date
When you do meet on your ﬁrst date - you BEHAVE like she is your girlfriend. You
smile, embrace her, brush her hair aside and kiss her on forehead and take her
hand.
She now knows 100% that you are not saying, "I want to be friends" but "I'm a guy
who is into you as a man, mind, body and soul."
I am not saying women are not suppose to lead.
I am saying - be a gentleman not by kissing her ass and complimenting her.
Instead make it easier for her by removing as man obstacle for her to have a great
experience from beginning and onwards.
That's how you lead.
23.2k Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Kyle Larose

She tells me we're just friends, but we recently had sex. She
insists that even after that we're still friends. I want her. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, let's look at what happened..
1. The role she wants in this relationship with you is a fuckbuddy on her
terms. She made that clear.

2. She doesn't want a serious committed relationship with you
3. You're her fun, her sexual fulﬁlling time when she wants it
4. You'll never be her boyfriend and have her exclusively
Now the mistakes you made which I've so many guys do and yes, I did these
mistakes in the past too. I sometimes ﬁnd myself doing same thing even now
but...I catch myself early one to realise and nip it in the budd.
1. You was far too available, needy, clingy
2. You let her lead and dictate what the relationship is
3. Like a lost puppy you let her dictate when it will happen and you can see
by her words, "we'll see..."
Mate, if a woman tells me, "we'll see," she is acting like she is dominant and she
has more values than you. Let me clarify something about dominant women.
They are NOT independant women.
They are dominant who love being with guys to boss around. They look for guys
who are more beta types, and yes, I hate using that word but I need to use it here
to understand and appreciate what's going on.
They go for beta, whiny, needy, clingy type of guys who they will befriend and
they will dictate from the very beginning. This is to program you act like some
wuss guy who will have to content in doing as YOU'RE TOLD.
With you - she used the dangling Carrot because she knows you have no options
whatsoever. There are no girls chasing you.
You are not out there in world approaching tons of girls, collecting numbers,
making calls, texting, and having girls who truly into you and you're dating one of
them WITH 100% knowledge that you don't have to be submissive.
Here, with her, you are submissive. You are seeking validation, acceptance and
approval from her.
When she saw she couldn't boss you around, tell you how it's going to go and you
said toher you're not having it - well, bye, bye.
All she wanted is someone to boss around, have sex on her terms, a one way
streak, keeping you on the standby when the man she really wants turns up.
You can be submissive and be her fuckbuddy but on her terms.
Or you can approach other women because it's not for you
You're want a serious relationship instead of this. For some guys they don't mind.
They don't care if they have sex when she appears and wants because like her
they got other options.
But from what I can see, I think you need to walk away.
36.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do I get a shy boy to kiss me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You don't. You see that's the thing when dating a shy guy. They are not going to
lead. Since someone shy let's shyness deﬁnes them, well, they are going to make

that as something to not step out of the comfort zone.
I was a shy but I didn't let it deﬁne me and I got fed up with being in the shadows
and went full steam ahead in growing to not be shy. I'm the complete opposite.
It's now frustrating for me to date shy women.
It's frustrating, it's so slow and even if I escalate it's again....the shy from woman
side kicks in.
It doesn't matter how much knowledge, expertise, skill I have, and I have a lot but
this is isn't about nothing more but time.....time...time..which I don't have much
of.
So if you want a kiss, well, you're going to have to be the masculine one and lead
because he isn't going to lead.
He isn't going to take that leap.
Maybe start small by holding hands, by touching, by looking him the eyes and
lips, be close and say, "kiss me."
3.1k Views · View Upvoters

What is the best way to start texting a girl you know but like
more than a friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First you must be congruent to what you feel. This doesn't mean going up to her
confessing your love and aﬀect to her. She don't know you and she hasn't earned
that right nor you to do that.
You need to approach face to face ﬁrst for attraction. Make your intention clear
by teasing, ﬂirting, having fun but make sure it is direct way that she understands
you are interested in her.
Second, then you can ask her number...
"Be great to continue this conversation over a drink. What's your number?" Then
talk just a little bit more and leave, so she knows you are into her for real and not
just some number for ego.
Third, texting must start with building attraction again because the emotions will
have died out and you need to use call back humour....
So if you done good in ﬁnding a little about her you can use something to tease.
Let's say you found out she's studyng to be a nurse and let's say her name is lucy...
"This is (your name) paging lucy. We have an immediate call in the emergency
room. Paging lucy....please report to (your name) HQ desk for ﬂirting to
proceeed..."
If she wants to be a police oﬃcer...
"Ksssh.....this is HQ (your name), calling agent lucy. Ksssh. We're about to
dominate the world. Agen (your name) needs assistance."
So be fun and when she responds, keep it fun and then lead to phone to talk. You
want to build some comfort, get to know each other but keep it fun. Don't go oﬀ

on how you so alike, and all that commonality stuﬀ.
Tone down the aﬀectionate stuﬀ real down.
You want to show she is going to have a great time with you so don't talk like you
want to impress her. After 10-15 minute talk you can use bridging, by mentioning
there is an awesome place that's been getting amazing reviews and to go there for
drink and chill.
I wouldn't label it as date.
When you meet you assume she is your girlfriend, you smile, welcome her
warmly with embrace and kiss on forehead - and hold her hand. She now knows
it's a dare.
Stay fun, don't go all serious.
So from beginning you need to ﬁrst approach face to face and not go oﬀ texting a
girl when intention has not been sorted out face to face.
609 Views

How can I help my 23 year old daughter connect with people or
activities so that she can have more purpose in her life?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm an introvert but I'm now very conﬁdent with people, and have a very large
social circle oﬄine.
I would advise the following..
1. Find out what's her interest. What she really likes for example, art, techie stuﬀ,
dancing, sports like volleyball, ﬁtness, whatever it is - ask her to ﬁnd out. She may
like more than one thing.
2. Then from what she is interested in, there will be activities in your city that do
these activities. You can both check them out.
That's what I did in the beginning until I even started developing my own things,
my own projects that included other people. I became an introvert to someone
who is doing large projects that are attracting hundreds to thousands of people
with festivals, music festivals, arts large workshops, exhibitions and even
developed the ﬁrst business forum in my city with Chambers of commerce for a
particular niche.
So it's just a matter of stepping out slowly from the comfort zone. It's not easy at
ﬁrst as there will be some resistance due to habits, thoughts, emotions but in time
it will get easier.
She just needs a little help to maybe have you go with for just a short while, very
short. Enough to make connects with people and she'll be on her way.
I've done, I've helped other friends who are introverts too and they actually
making so much noise in the city you won't believe. No one would believe we are
introverts. You can't tell.
Even just writing this here I wouldn't have done years ago.

I'd be terriﬁed to even try because of fear what others might say, think etc. So it
can be done. She can live a life she really wants.
412 Views

What's the verdict on getting to know a girl via message apps?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you're going to use Facebook then you need a diﬀerent strategy ﬁrst than
sending messages. Believe me, some friends tried send messages and well, it
wasn't recieved well but when we had a talk, I gave them steps to do.
They got better results this way...
1. First sort your facebook page out.
You want to get your facebook sorted with right images. You want to also make
the content fun, and personally not be afraid to be fun. No boring, politic, serious
stuﬀ.
2. Comments
Keep an eye on your comments and others. Be interactive but don't go crazy.
Make sure you're reply is fun, cocky but fun, be creative. You're photos will be a
magnet. Post, short, photo+short sentence fun comment.
3. Lead
You'll have some due to your conversation, photos, lead to converse with you
privately. That's when you need to be fun, build some comfort fast and lead right
to text or phone call.
My conversation are very sexual when that happens and they know anyway
because they see my comments, etc.
Lead to text, but do not text too much.
Quickly lead to phone and then meet up.
It's not easy doing it this way if....you're starting new.
I prefer meeting face to face, and then get number, text only few times to ping
attraction more.....if it is local in my city and then lead to phone....build comfort
and meet up.
And later move to facebook for more transparency, to see my world, life photos
etc. I feel it works best this way, less awkward.
If long distance then that takes time and you need to be really sound in what
you're doing.
Long distance such as diﬀerent city - it is better by phone and ping by text.
However, appreciate you are not face to face it can be diﬃcult to keep the
attraction going. It takes experience and skill and you need to be very good at
conversing in text, in phone too and probably skype, emails.
There is also the resources against you to in her city she can access people very
close easily.
So for now,....just stay local in your city.

165 Views

I've noticed most guys in high school are not very good with
girls since most lack the experience to attract a girl. What can I
do as a teenage guy to have the advantage over girls than most
guys in school?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You will need more of a practical step. So with that, let's go over some steps. Some
will take time and some you can do now:
Let's start...
1. Sexual appeal.
You need to push yourself to go beyond average when you dress and look. Make
sure to hit the gym. I am not saying looks are the only thing but if you're not good
looking in society normal perception then you need to go beyond average.
You cannot slack here and I am not a believer about "be yourself."
You need to be BETTER version of yourself.
Hit the gym mate. Dress always your best and smell good too. Look on pininterest
on badboy trendy clothes. I say badboy because of the term in clothes and look.
Make sure to look at accessories like guys wrist chains and also chains around
your kneck. You make it easier for girls to make excuse to talk about something
you got on and you can tell awesome stories.
Take it one step at a time to slowly grow. It doesn't need to be immediate change
because of ﬁnance.
Just make sure you follow through. One step at a time.
2. Conﬁdence. Get good at skill
This will take time but if you follow what I am saying you'll see conﬁdence is
really about exposing yourself to something you're not familiar with - doing over
and over, and over, and over and over again until you become so proﬁcient at it,
you can do it naturally.
If you're doing something new, like approaching girls it will be new territory for
you because with it comes knowledge, skills, experience.
So learn to just do.
As I say to guys I help, 'do not question. Just trust the process and you wilkl have
the right to question me.'
I say this to my friends and they have no option but to do it and only when they
done it for a year, will I advise them on other things.
What this does is it helps remove all the clutter away to just focus on one thing
and get good at that. The goal is conﬁdence. Being exposed to what you're not
familiar with and fear over and over again.
Let me say it clearly - this is not a option mate.
You want the the advantage, well this here is the advantage and I promise you,

majority of guys won't do this. It scares them. It terriﬁes them but I hope you're a
guy who isn't talk and ready to go beyond average.
3. Read up. Get Good At The Knowledge
Take your time to read up about girl psychology regarding dating. There will be a
lot of misconceptions you might have picked up from your environment, media
mainstream and friends too.
Invest time reading about girl psychology because you have one goal.
You want her to feel great with you. You want to help her feel comfortable. You
don't want to be this wuss nice guy, who gets walked all over. You want to still be
nice but you also someone who got self respect.
You want to learn so you can give her a great experience and know how to do it
from the very beginning when you approach, right to dating and so forth.
So read, learn about who you want to inﬂuence, persuade, motivate but use the
knowledge with respect to the girl and be responsible.
4. Know the type of girl you want
Know the girl you want clearly.
Understand something. There is no such thing as too easy, slut, whore and all
that. There is only a girl, a human being like you, with needs, desire, hopes, fears
and a heart and mind.
She's someone's daughter and someone's friend.
She's a human being. Respect her but don't be some wuss nice guy either.
Everything else is social conditioning to create fear. Girl is going to fear these
labels and she has a lot to face because of way it is.
And so do guys too.
So never disrespect her and call her anything because it ain't cool and you
become part of the problem we have in society.
If you like a girl who is fun, sexually conﬁdent then decide that's you.
If you want a girl that is into serious relationship, know that is what you want.
Know the diﬀerent types of relationships and decide but always, be respectful to
the girl.
Don't be that guy who hurts a girl and she then walks away with pain that will
impact her life for a long time and maybe for rest of her life.
Never lie. Never promise what you cannot deliver. In fact, promise nothing to the
girl until you have dated for a while so your emotions do not push you to say
something which is just due to excitement.
You don't have to be a badboy.
You don't have to be a jerk.
The only reason they can attract girls, women is conﬁdence, is certainty, is they

are congruent (in harmony) to who they are and not afraid to show it.
You take that good i.e. be conﬁdent, be certain in who you are, be congruent to
how you feel i.e. do not hide your intentions with girl instead tease, ﬂirt, and
show you're interested in her and ask for number.
Don't be afraid to show you're interested in her which brings us to one ﬁnal step..
5. Demonstrate Attractive Behavior
I want you to look at what other guys who fail do and...do the opposite. I have
written here in greater detail for you to see what I mean. This link here will help
you greatley.
Get that list down and let it be in the forefront of your mind. I am not teahcing
you from books but from real live experience.
How do I avoid getting friendzoned by girls?
6. Be Responsible and Accoutable
Always have precautions. Condoms. Don't take risks mate. You must lead and to
lead you need to ensure you protect yourself and the girl.
No matter what, do not break this rule.
The rest is all up to you ;)
390 Views · View Upvoters

Why am I turned oﬀ by, and lose respect for, loose women?
“Loose” as in their speech and behavior; they are on the loud
side and speak cavalierly about sex and their sexual past.
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When we judge other people we do not deﬁne them.
We deﬁne ourselves.
We deﬁne our thoughts, our thinking, belief system and own our perception
We are actually revealing our own insecurities and fears.
It tells us more about ourselves than about someone else.
Loose?
Go back in history and you will learn atheletes, men and women did sports
together....naked. You will see men and women bathe together. You will see much
more than what we see today and how society have been socially conditioned to
be ashamed of sex.
Modesty itself was part of this plan too.
We will learn the invention of clothes, the beginning of see through white
clothing and why that is so. It wasn't due to fashion.
It was due to power, hungry people wanting to control people. That doesn't mean
good hasn't come out of it but what has happened; it's all been dresssed up into
fabricated stories.
Tell a lie many a times and get many people doing so, and these lies will become

truth over time. It didn't take days or weeks but centuries of building one lie to
another through laws by using fear.
Once, a woman who asked a girl...
"Do you wear draws?"
The girl was shocked by what was asked..
"Draws? Lady I am not a prostitute."
You go back and see that sex was talked in the streets, discussed and they didn't
feel shame. There was no labelling about loose and anything wrong for women
and men talking about sex openly.
Men and women walked naked like it was nothing in the world.
It wasn't an issue for them at all until the few in power started meddling and
began investing modest and shame and weaving it through religions, and
faricated stories that were told time and time again.
It even got the senates of Rome discussing laws to ban such talk and for men and
women to dress up. They would ﬁrst do it by shaming them and it was a gradual
thing to suddenly ﬁnd ourselves a law has been created.
Throughout the process - stories were created, more shaming, people were
getting ostracised, pushed, labelled, judged until it got to a stage that people
began to fear of losing their wealth, name and status.
Nakedness, talking about sex was then reserved for Kings, Queens, Nobleman
and Women of great wealth. They alone could walk naked and talk about sex
openly.
But even they were losing the battle against being ostracised and soon sex
became a political force to be used as a weapon to control by creating shame and
modesty.
You may think due to technology and other advancement that we are the modern
world.
Well I believe we live in a backward world.
Those before us, way before us were more advanced in thinking, more advanced
in sexuality and other things than today. They were more free in their speech
than we will ever be.
We've become a world of political correctness and truth is charaded under many
lies today. Especially when it comes to sex.
They were braver and very open in regard to sex.
It is has become men who are ashamed of their own sexuality and I see many
boys who cannot even escalate when in dating, to leave a girl/woman wondering what on earth has happened to men these days.
The implications are greater than we can ever imagine.
Teens cannot even talk openly about sex to their own parents. Afraid of being

ostracised, judged, labelled and pointed at. They have to ﬁgure it out in their own
way.
They have to talk to strangers, go online and sneak around ﬁguring the most
basic things for themselves.
Some women cannot even be open with men just in fear of being judged, labelled
and now we got "Oh so, so guy only cares about sex because he talks about it with
me."
So now we got what we call a game.
The playing hard to get game. The push and pull game. The subtle signalling
game. The misdirection game. The opening game. The transition game.
Now we got a whole lot of nonsense that even DATING is an industry itself ﬁlled
with so many confusions that I am not surprised that two people cannot even be
honest with each other to show interest.
It's really sad to see how it is today.
I see nothing but fear everywhere. So many scared to be who we are just in case
we are ostracised, labeled, judged as a player, a jerk, a too easy, a slut, a whore and
so on.
It's sad that people cannot let other women and men alone to live the life they
want without judging them and labelling them.
The hypocrisy too in where men can go and have sex and they see as some cool
dude and yet- when a woman does so, she is now ostracised, pointed at, judged
and labelled.
She is seen as loose when she talks about we men talk about openly. Well most
men.
Like I said in the beginning..
When we judge other people we do not deﬁne them.
We deﬁne ourselves.
We deﬁne our thoughts, our thinking, belief system and own our perception
We are actually revealing our own insecurities and fears.
We are projecting our own reality instead of someone else's.
709 Views · View Upvoters

What is the one thing that holds you back from getting what
you want out of life?
Adam Taha, Writing about life experiences
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: What do you think holds people back from living the life they want to? From
being themselves?

When the fear of pain is greater than the pleasure of achieving the success they
desire, then it plays a major part in holding people back.
But we have to look at where does this fear really live.

It lives in the mind.
Now I'm not going to talk about motivation stuﬀ. I'm a practical man and I have
to say, when people know this truth on fear being in the mind, when they
discover the knowledge - it's still not easy.
The reason being are these....
1. Thoughts. They are as real as the keyboard you type. Just because we
don't see the thoughts in our mind, doesn't mean they are not real. What
we put into our mind, see, read, associate with and the environment we
are in plays a part in conditiong us to believe something.
Old DVDs are playing in our minds.
Information, beliefs, perception, values, culture, religion or no religion,
from other people and environment are stored in our minds. They
impact our lives and how we see the world.
It shapes our reality.
We cannot erase negative words, images we have accumulated, said,
seen, heard, but we can dilute. However, we shall see on the next step on
why this was so diﬃcult for me that it was for a while, an uphill battle. I
truly mean a ﬁght between me and me.

2. Habits. They are very tenancious and to be able to beat them you cannot
erase them. Instead we have to from personal experience dilute them
with new habits that helps us achieve the goal. We have to be consistent
but with understanding old habits can still resurface if we even stop for a
day or so. They are that tenacious.
3. Routine. We are habitual creatures and we do things with emotions. Our
lives so busy, doing the same thing over and over again without realising
that we now have a routine.
A routine with thoughts and habits can either help us achieve successs or create
fear, holds us back and limit our potential. Within this routine we take
consideration of the environment.
We may need to change the environment we are in.
Two examples.
A. The artist.
An artist can have many talents such as singing, songwriting, painting,
sketching, writing books and many other skills.
If the enviroment is not organised in a way for the routine to happen, then the
artist will lose focus. He/she will be distracted and won't ﬁnish anything. It
doesn't mean the artist needs to choose.
But what an artist can do is allocate space in the house for each part of the talent
as I have. One area for writing the book and all tools ready.
One area for painting and all the tools needed is ready.
One area is for writing and producing the song and all the tools ready and so on
with any other talent.

B. Atheletes
Great atheletes are taught to change their thinking but it's not enough. They have
to visualise the action from one step to another. Like they are doing the work but
in their mind and right to the stage of victory.
The coaches design a routine and they train hour after hour, day after day, week
after week, year after year to make this routine, the habits for this routine like it's
second nature.
The routin can break the team to lose or evem outwit, take control, lead a game
and bewilder the opponent.
As you can see, each step must be consistent and it needs to be based on what we
want out of our life. One slip, in our thoughts, or habits, or even our routine can
send us right back to square one.
It doesn't matter if it's sports, academic achievement, career or business. It is the
same principle which may seem easy to do but as I said, one slip from any of
these steps can send a person back to base one.
It then becomes a vicious cycle to ﬁnd time has gone by. Sometimes years and
still the person has not BECOME what he or she needed to be to achieve the
success.
Success isn't about getting but becoming the person he or she needs to be to
attract it.
But there is a ﬁnal ingredrient.
REWARD
Taking into consideration what we have learnt - reward plays an important role
because it releases chemicals in our brain. It gives us this amazing feel of
satisfaction that can be addictive.
Once a company was selling a product but the sales wasn't happening.
Big sales are created by customers buying the same product again and again.
However, this wasn't happening.
So the company had to go right into the lives of the customers too see why their
cleaning product wasn't getting sales from repeat customer.
The went into a woman's house and they saw she has shelved much of the
products in a box. She was one of the customers who didn't return and went and
bought something else and something else, and again something else.
Not one product really got her to be loyal to the brand.
However, they watched as she cleaned the house and saw her doing the bed
sheets and sprinkling something on it and they saw a sigh of satisfaction!
There it is!
The chosen the wrong rewards for the product.
This is why when you use toothpaste, they add something to make you feel you're
teeth are clean. Like a pepermint taste or whatever to make you feel it has done

the job.
These ingredrients that make you feel you got clean teeth or clean clothes due to
some fragrance smell - don't really do much. It just makes the illusion of a
reward.
That a goal has been achieved and you know what happens when you achieve a
goal even if it's very small.
It makes you want to do more of that same thing and probably bigger......probably
buy....some more.
347 Views · View Upvoters

How does a guy avoid the friendzone?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: How do I avoid getting friendzoned by girls?

A girl doesn't friendzone you. Friendzone is when you behave in an unattractive
manner or demonstrating traites that doesn't really arouse a girl to want to be
with you.
To be more practical here is what I mean:
1. A guy doesn't act immediately to approach a girl he likes due to fear of
being rejected. He puts her on a pedestal.
2. Instead of projecting attractive qualities such as conﬁdence and sexual
appeal he plays safe.
3. He either stares at her and does nothing or he tries to be her friend thinking that time and commonalities will make him attractive to her.
4. So now he is being dishonest to his feelings for her. He is not in
congruent (in harmony) with his intentions towards her.
5. He will be needy and desperate to seek her approval by spending lots of
time with her, and probably gets her number under the role of friend.
6. He will orbit around her, text her lot, communicate for hours on phone,
probably be there to hear her talk about her worries, problems and even
about her ex and boyfriend problems.
7. He will always be available for her and isn't a challenge.
8. He emotionally invest time, eﬀort, and may even buy her presents, gifts
to impress her.
But the guy who is demonstrating the attractive qualities will do the reverse. He
will know, that he must distinguish himself far away from being a friend and not
let her mind frame the role as.....friend.
For practicality he will
Approach her immediately and show his interest.
He will be congruent to his intentions from the start by;
Flirting, teasing and be fun
He will screen her in and out so he doesn't waste time
He diﬀerentiate himself from being a friend by his behavior i.e. he won't
spent lots of time with her, won't buy her anyything, won't orbit around
her, won't spend time texting and phoning until she shows interest too.
He will sexualise in his words but in subtle /role play manner

He won't apologise for being a sexual guy and for ﬂirting
He will not use commonality but focus ﬁrst on attraction. Commonality
will be left later when dating a few times and there's intimacy.
He will transition from approach to conversation to getting her number
right there and then!
He will have other girls pursing him until she takes interest and comits
to wanting to know him instead of him focusing just on her.
He will dress for sexual appeal and groom himself well
His grooming, dress will seperate him from the safe type dress guy
He will only use text to create attraction to lead to the date
He will only use the phone to build comfort to lead to the date
He will make sure she emotionally invest too i.e. to date him, go out with
him, to know him. and even sex.
The one who demonstrates the attractive qualities takes risk, is decisive and he
leads. I am not saying girls shouldn't lead by the way.
However, to wait for signals and assume the girl will lead is a failure amongst
many guys; which later create awkwardiness for the girl/women and gets her
wondering..
"What are we?"
"Why hasn't he kissed me?"
"Does he not see me as attractive?"
"Maybe he just wants to be friends?"
"Is there somethign wrong with me?
"Is there somethign wrong with him?
You take risk and you need to right from he beginning and you will need to as a
guy - to escalate, lead, touch, hold hands, kiss.
If you get rejected then don't take it personal but see it as a learning curve, an
experience to get better.
There are complex issues I cannot go into here such as LMR (last minute
resistence) and a while lot of phases, things going on in a girls/woman's minds
and even the guy's mind.
If we to take just one thing it and narrow it, it be this...
Girls/women do not friendzone guys. It is due to the behavior of the guy.
Learn what these behaviors are in more detail, learn psychology in regards to
dating and get a solid foundation and understanding.
It will help you avoid so many mistakes and regrets.
3.7k Views · View Upvoters

I broke up with my boyfriend, but I miss him. However, every
time I'm with him, it's like I just want to leave. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Nov 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Imagine it like this.

You are at the Casino and you start gambling. You lose $100. I see you and walk
up to you and say...
"Hey, come on, let's go."
"No, I lost $100 and I am going to get it back."
Now if it was just $1 you'd not even bother. You'd walk away with me but instead
you play.
The wheel turns and you lose $1,000!
I'm going nuts here and I'm saying, "for pete sake! Let it go. Come on. Forget this.
You've lost $1,000!"
But you cannot let go.
You want to invest more and get that $1,000 back!
Even though it makes you sick in the stomach playing this game and even though
it creates so much fear, you have to get that $1,000 bank. You have this
hope...HOPE....you might win it back and some more.
You put more money on the table and I can't believe it either.
The wheel turns and you lose $10,000!
The investment is so big for you that you cannot let this go. I see nothing can help
you to walk away. All I can do is watch now.
You put more money in and the wheel turns.
Oh wait! You win $500 back.
You now got hope but I'm saying, "please, walk away. Please!"
But you push me away and turn back and put the $500 on the table and you lose
that too.
This is like the relationship you walk away from.
You have emotionally invested and so you're attached. It doesn't matter if it's a
week, a month or 10 years. Sometimes, people can so emotionally attached even
if it was just one week.
When someone comes into your life, it feels like they are adding value. Like you
didn't even have any in the ﬁrst place because you did. However, this isn't about
logic but emotions.
When the person leaves your life or you leave the guy, it feels like a lot of value
has just left your life. You feel it has subtracted away a big chunk of you and now
you feel the emptiness.
Like the Casino, you hope it can be rekindled because you feel something.
However - this really is about emotional attachement and so you go back again,
and it hits you again.
Instead of gaining you lose.

Instead of feeling he loves you or in love, you feel you got to get away from this
person.
But when you're away from this person and because you haven't yet embraced
the hurt as part of what you need to go through for a while and ﬁll the emptiness
with self love, with bigging your life up.....you feel, maybe....just maybe you can
ﬁll it with this guy again.
Hope.
However, like gambling at the Casino, you invest more and more, and you get
nothing back.
You feel emptier,
If you keep going, it drives you up the wall, sends you to depression at a deep
scale, isolates you from everyone, especially those who tried to help leave you and you ﬁnd yourself really in a mess.
You ﬁnd yourself really alone.
What you're doing is you're still emotionally investing with time, energy and
thinking about this guy. You think that he can ﬁll this void but you see, no one
else can.
Only you can.
Only when you go out make friends, ﬁll your life with what you love to do, and
build a great life that attracts a wealth of people into your lives who come not
because you want something.
They come because you have ALWAYS had all the value you needed to ﬁll up any
emptiness in your life.
They come because of you. The value you got on that table. That which can ﬁll
the whole world if you had the opportunity to do so and it will never run out.
Walk away.
Walk away from the Casino.
Do not put anymore on that table and move on.
Give yourself plenty of time, go on holiday, go away somewhere, meet people, do
whatever you got to do. Learn to embrace the pain and grow. I've been there and
there is a light at the end of that tunnel.
Even get a journal and just write down your feelings. Write until you cannot write
no more. Write whatever you needed to say.
Let it all out and then leave it hidden for your eyes only.
Just stay away from that Casino because you're not going to get that time back.
It's gone. It's time to walk away....let go and start fresh.
Now take the hand life is given you...and this time....walk out of the Casino.
33.5k Views · View Upvoters · View Sharers

I played too hard to get and now I don't know how to get him
back. What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, that would drive many men away including myself. If I have a hint that a
woman is playing hard to get then I'm gone. I'm gone because I am putting myself
forward and being honest about my intentions.
I am saying I have interest in you and I hope you're mature enough to say yes or
no. If no, it's ok. I'll move on. If yes, it is ok I'll move on but I am not in a position
in my life being pals, friends or some dancing monkey to entertain.
I'm a man, a sexual man and I am being open right now to you.
That is why I just go down to it, direct and if I ﬁnd some shift, some game,
something is happening I will say, the dynamics have now changed, which means
this is not what it seems to be at all. There is no honesty here and so I
If a guy ﬁnds he doesn't get the response he needs and all it is, is some playing
hard to get, as if it's some way of increasing one's value, he will walk away. If he is
conﬁdent, if he has options, if he has self respect....he WILL walk away fast.
You see, what playing hard REALLY does is sends a message, the wrong type of
message to assume who you are.
1. You're playing hard to get and so, you'll make it hard all the way through the
relationship in the future.
2. You're not mature to be honest about your feelings.
3. You're hiding something or your just not conﬁdent and self assured.
4. You've fallen for the garbage, nonsense many read in magazines and some
pickup websites about playing hard to get.
But most of all, it sends this message to the guy...
"I am NOT that INTO YOU! I am not really interested in you. I'm just too nice to
say no..."
Now this is not what you want to project to a guy, right?
But that is what playing hard does.
I understand you don't want to get hurt. I understand you want a guy to take you
seriously. I understand you don't want to be seen from the many labels that have
been socially conditioned into society about "too easy", and "whore and slut."
But if you're mature enough to know these are labels and that a man is a sexual
human being, he sees you attractive, he likes to get to know you more, and if you
can get past all this nonsense, you can enjoy time together, get to know one
another, go out, have fun, kiss, hold hands, make love and do things together.
However, now he has walked away and when a guy walks away after knowing a
girl has played hard to get, he does what I have done with women who play this
game beause it hurts and frustrating.

I delete them out of my life for good!
Erasing the phone number, block everywhere and move on.
Hopefully he hasn't done that. Hopefully. Who knows because I am not very
forgiving on these matters but he might. I don't know.
You can try an contact him and don't talk about it, but show interest and move it
along but he might not trust you now.
He might have his walls up because he got frustrated and probably felt you really
wanted to reject him but you was too nice and couldn't.
If it doesn't happen, learn from this mistake. Use it to be better when it comes to
dating and really, anything else.
12k Views · View Upvoters

Is this a decent note to pass to your crush during class?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like to share something with you which will hopefully open your mind why you
don't give her the letter and instead approach her.
A friend of mine has 3 sisters and they were sitting down with their mates. They
were all exciting to share something. It was really big for each one to share this
very thing.
My friend said, "from that day forward, I made sure to ALWAYS approach the girl I
like verbally and not show aﬀection but be fun, tease, ﬂirt."
He said, "One by one they shared their story how the guy they met approached
them. It was something precious to them to share. All of them loved how the guy
approached them. How he was conﬁdent and made them feel alive.
It was like the holy grail.
The thing they compete with when sharing.
The one who got most cheers was a guy who approached one of my sisters in front
of ger groups of friends. I stood outside listening to the amazing stories but most
of all what it meant to her.
She was proud of how he went right up to her in front of girls she knew.
For all her friends to see it happen and witness that she was the centre of
attention just ﬁlled her up. Of course she gave him a hard time because her
friends were around to show she's not easy.
You know how it is with girls and what they believe in magazines and all that. But
she was so proud of telling the story that she made sure she slowed it down and
EXAGGERATED it.
She made it so big that the rest of mt sisters were like - 'why didn't my boyfriend
do that! OMG that was awesome!'
So you see, you're taking this most amazing part away from her.

That's her moment.
That's her story.
That's what she will take to her friends and boast about it to everyone she knows
and feel awesome about it. That's her gift. That's what you're going to take away
from her.
You never know - you just never know it will last and one day she be asked when
she's older with many people sitting around....
"So how did you two meet?"
She will give a big smile and she will slow the story down.
She will EXAGGERATE the story and make it so big.
She will tell the most amazing story of her life - about how some clumsy guy
approached her with such bravery and she gave him a hard time but he stood
there still teasing, ﬂirting, and making her laugh and asked her out.
She will cherish each smile, each laughter from the crowd and each question. It
will be her moment. It be HER story for the rest of her life no matter what
happens.
It will ﬁll her up with joy and pride....
"....and that's how we met."
"OMG! That is an amazing story. I wish my man did that!"
Be brave and don't share aﬀection in the beginning. Be fun, tease, ﬂirt, and make
her feel alive. Give her a story.
Let her claim it!
Walk right up to her, tease her, ﬂirt, be cocky but fun, and make her feel alive and
then lead by asking her number, and there we go.
Don't take the moment away from her because you fear rejection.
969 Views · View Upvoters

If you had to describe it in one single word, what does music
mean to you?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Freedom.
When I pick up the guitar and write my song, and sing, and work with producers
on the album - it makes me forget everything I am worried about. It makes me
forget all the self limited beliefs.
There are no restrictions, boundaries but it is limitless because music can
transcend all things. I can go as far as I want to go and mix any culture, any
language, any sound, any style and most of all say anything I feel.
In that moment in which the world is so divided with limited beliefs, hatred,
anger, judgement, labelling, boarders, laws - I ﬁnd when working with musicians

- we do not see these.
All we see is expression of what we all want and that is freedom. In that moment I
am not british, arab, black or white. I am not a passport or a name on a
government certiﬁcate that I did not have a choice to say yes and no to.
That freedom which they tell is is not freedom at all but an illusion. Nothing but a
lie. A fabrication.
However, in music I ﬁnd true freedom and I mean when I am doing it and before
the claws of mainstream touches it. Before some commerce teeth clenches it and
before it's released.
In that moment I pluck the guitar and sing...I am gone far away.
It makes me feel alive.
I feel free. I feel freedom.
342 Views · View Upvoters

How would I go about getting rid of the notion of "he's out of
my league"?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like you to imagine your the most atrractive girl for a moment and you're an
athelete yourself - and I'm in your shoes.
I see you but what at ﬁrst happens is my self limited belief about my looks, about
how I haven't probably got a job, or living in my mums basement, and got no
money to my name yet. I am studying and only thing I think I have is my looks
which ain't much.
Let's just imagine that is so for a moment.
I decide not to and dissappear for a year and in this year I learnt a great deal
about people. I have interacted with many, I have dated women, I have failed,
succeeded, tripped and got up again.
I have discovered something I didn't know a year ago.
One day, I see you again but this time in a night club and I am diﬀerent to who I
was back them. I still look the same. I still live at my mums basement. I'm still
trying to ﬁnd a great job with income I want.
But something has changed.
I should believing in some limited beliefs by now but I'm cocky, fun, believe that I
got a lot more to oﬀer. I believe looks do matter, but it's not what keeps a
relationship going.
I believe having a built torso, sex packs do make a diﬀerence but do keep a
relationship. I believe having a job and qualiﬁcations can help but it doesn't make
a diﬀerence in igniting a relationship, in the beginning.
So I don't say what I do, what work I do and all the things most guys would do to
impress a woman. I know this is not attraction.
I walk right up to you while you are with friends and I begin teasing, ﬂirting with

you. I do what most guys would never do...
"Hey, I know I can pick you up anytime, anywhere" and I grin
At ﬁrst you look at your mates, like "who is this guy, thinking he can chat to me?
Me. I have so many guys approaching me anyway and he's going to do the same,
impress me, with some talent, with some story about how is cool, with something
about how he makes tons of money or will be."
So you push me with your words
You - Yeah whatever (but I don't go sulking away. I ignore)
Me - What's your favourite Ice cream and I'll prove this one awesome pickup line
will work on you
You - Ok then. Caramel!
Me - All I got to do is look in your eyes
You - you hear this guy hahaha
Me - Then I smile at you like this, in a goofy way
Your friends - OMG. It's not going to happen
Me- Then I lean forward
You - Hey watch my space!
Me - Then I brush your hair aside to whisper.......I give long pause and add......I
have Hagaan Ice Cream Caramel ﬂava in my freezer.
You're frends laugh. You laugh and you ﬂirt back
You - Ok, that would probably work
And we begin having talking.
We date and I am still surprised by why you're dating me. I'm still not sure about a
lot of things but I am a little more conﬁdent, wiser and seeing now the way it is in
the world.
But I ask you anyway to want to know....
"What was it about me for you to be with me?"
You stop and loook at me with a puzzle face but then a realisation came to you
and you know why I asked. You know it's got nothing to do with you but rather it's
just me wanting answers to life.
You smile, brush my hair aside, and say....
"Out of all the guys who are atheletes, you skinny guy, walked right up to me in a
packed night club, and you did one thing that no guy has yet ever done. It's
probably why I didn't date them longer. You made me FEEL. I saw what you was
bringing to the table."
"Which is?" I asked
"It was the way you made me............feel."
You didn't say anything about me not being an athelete. You didn't say anyting
about my income. You didn't say anything about how I didn't have a car. You
didn't say anything that I assumed, thought, believed one year ago.
You said this one word.

"Feel."
I realise then that yes, there are people who will beautiful things.
I realised that some people will love bigger things.
I realised then that some will love fame, popularity and hot clothes and cars.
But there are also women who love the real things like honesty, like conﬁdence,
like a guy who isn't afraid to show who he is, what he wants and goes for what he
wants in a way that makes the other person feels alive.
A guy who just does it like they read in romance novels, in hollywood movies, in
bedtime stories of a hero, a knight, who came from nowhere, from a humble
beginnings.
And he went against all odds to woo the woman he saw from far away as the world
said he wasn't good enough.
I found out you was that one person and I wouldn't have known if let my limited
beliefs judge you, assume about you and I'd walk away never knowing any wiser.
I wouldn't have known - most people aren’t attracted to you for your job or your
apartment, your qualiﬁcations and even your looks.
They’re interested in you.
In what you bring to the table.
Now I am not saying, you will get what you want, when you want from who you
want.
But life is about just doing it and it maybe he won't have what you want and you
want have what he wants.
However, in doing you learn, you grow, you overcome and one day, you will see
someone else you like but you will be so ready with experience, skill, knowledge
in knowing how to show what's on the table.
You might fumble but he won't care.
You might get distracted but he won't mind.
You might say the wrong words but he will love you for it.
All because you went through some nos, some rejection and you was so used to
going for what you want - that when you did it again, without these limited
beliefs.....you ﬁnally got a yes and from someone you like to.
139 Views · View Upvoters

Why do I like this ugly girl so much?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I was 15 years old too and one day, I approached a girl with goofy teeth, I really
mean big front teeth like a rabbit, big eyes, skinny, very tall but I fell in love with
her because she was into art, as I am.

We could talk for hours on end and it was very diﬀerent to attractive young girls I
used to date who had nothing to say, worried about what other girls and guys
think, and cared about things I thought was pointless.
But I also got some headache from it too.
At this age it's all about fear, being popular, getting noticed, competing, holding
on to friends who don't act like one because of scarecity.
At this age, it is going to be norml for you to be laughed, joked, pressured for
dating a girl they see as not attraction to the norms of society.
You're going to get it everyday and if you don't know what you want, if you didn't
come from a background like mine, well you're going to have a very diﬃcult time
following your heart because your mind will narrate stories that is all fear, all
about ﬁtting in, being accepted, validationed, approved by the crowd around you.
And even when you get older and leave that bubble called school, you will ﬁnd it
hasn't changed that much in the big wide world. It's just done silently, with a
gaze, a whisper, a behavior so subtle at times.
You like her because she brings you enjoy time together, it makes you feel good,
there is compatibility, there an understanding and you don't have to pretend as
you would with everyone else on who you are.
It makes you conﬁdent, makes your self esteem soar high to be with someone
who....gets you and to get someone in such a deep, loving way.
I promise you, the time in school will pass and you will look back and wonder
why you was so worried about such things but also....you'll understand the
problem is not the so called friends and people.
The problem lies with you and that yearning, that hunger for acceptance,
validation, approval, to ﬁt in.
It is having the courage you are seeking to do the right thing, to be honest, have
integrity, character to be with someone because you want to and not be swayed
and inﬂuenced motvated by your fears due to what others teens think and even
what adults are saying.
I still look back. I really do and I always say to myself...
"I wish I knew what I know today. I wish I was courageous then, like I am today. I
wish I knew much of what I knew, taught, learnt was all a load of nonsense. I wish
I was stronger back then."
I would have sat at the back of a class where there was this girl who no one talked
to and who called her names, and pretending she got a disease. I would have been
her friend not out of pity but as a human being.
I would have dated the other girl who was tall, with goofy teeth, messy fuzzy hair
a bit longer because I enjoyed her company and I have yet, to ﬁnd a woman today
who had such a amazing laugh, smile, personality and intellect and who knew so
much at such a young age.
I would have ignored everyone who was judging, pushing, nudging and I would
have DEFINITELY dropped every so called friend instead of fearing that's all the

friends I got, and the school only had 400.
But I didn't know any better back then.
Today, I am older, a grown man and much of what I believe have been left behind
gone as it only preventing me to be who I want to be.
I suppose that's why I studied long and hard as an artist in regards to psychology,
why people do what they do to get a better understanding of my life and the
world around me.
The time you are in and all you worry about will pass and though it may seem it
dissappears when you're older, and the school may seem so small when you walk
by it as a man.......you will ﬁnd the school hasn't shrinked.
You have just grown with new challenges but with the wisdom, maturity,
integrity, character and a wealth of experience.
It all seems so big, so hurtful, so hard at a young age but one day, you're going to
look back. Make sure you look back without the same regrets I have today.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

Do feelings for someone ever go away?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know about anyone else but the answer is no. You see when emotions are
involved then so is memory. It's not stored in the sensory memory but long term
memory because it was so important for you, it gave you deep emotinal feelings.
There was fear and hope.
The experience went past the sensory memory, past the ﬁlter system of your
mind and landed right into your long-term memory.
For example - I still remember a girl I once dated when I was 16-17 years old. I was
really into her. The problem is I was dating someone else. But it wasn't going
great.
I said I need to tell her before I do anything because I cannot lie, cheat. I want to
date her but I want to always do things right.
So I went to the girl I was dating and told her.
She wanted me to not tell anyone else, not her friends, brothers until she does. I
said, ok, but I'm still going to go and date this girl. She said cool.
But the next two days I meet the new girl and all was going amazing. I ﬁnd myself
walking with her and the ex girlfriend friends and brothers were shouting..
"Hey you're going with so, so."
I was in middle and on one side the friend of the girl I am dating was going nuts
and on other side the friends of my ex and her brothers standing there like they
were doing something right.
And I followed this code, to never break a promise. I was naive, young, trying to
be a man. The friend of my girlfriend asked if this true. I couldn't say a damn

word and she walked away, the girlfriend ran away and with me thinking..
"I can sort this out and see her and explain but ﬁrst I got to deal with this."
I later found out she wasn't going to tell her friends anything nor her brothers.
Anyway, one week later I see the girl I was dating again in a youth club and I was
so happy. Now I can explain but it went crazy. She was with lots of her gang of
friends and she started shouting, cursing. Understandable, she was hurt and
thought I did something awful to her.
It went on and on and I couldn't say anything.
So I walked away.
Now imagine emotions = pain + fear + hope + long term memory.
When these are combined then it suddenly goes straight though the sensory
memory, past the ﬁlter, and right to your long-term memory.
And now, I remember everything even in my 40's.
No one to blame but my poor relationship management skills, lack of maturity,
naivity.
I still remember her. I still think about the good even if it was short. It was
amazing with her but also I remember the bad.
The diﬀerence now is I'm more mature about it, see it as part of an experience to
learn from and it's just part of my life.
It's there.
I suppose the memory will always be there.
Something will remind me of it. Like the day I was at a fair in London and it
triggered the memory because I met her at the fair. Her friend approached me
and asked me out for her in Sheﬃeld, ﬁrthpark fair.
So not only will you remember, but even when it's hidden somewhere something like a movie, an item, or what someone said, or a song will trigger the
memory back again.
7.3k Views · View Upvoters

How do I let my boyfriend know that it is okay to hug me, kiss
me, and hold hands with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 27, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He doesn't know how to lead. I never tell a girlfriend when dating that I want to
hug, kiss her and hold her hands. I'm not going to ask her for permission.
It's called leading.
I met meet many women who complain about this. They date a guy and he does
nothing. On the 5th date and still nothing. The guy even tells her meekly he'd like
to do it like he's waiting for permission.
And well, it kills the tension and that feeling of romance.

When I'm dating and I meet for ﬁrst time as a date, I assume she is my girlfriend, I
know she's interested as that's why she is dating me.
Immedlately, I smile, I welcome her, I embrace her, make her feel comfortable,
tease, ﬂirt, lugh - and kiss her on the forehead, brush her hair aside, hold her
hand and walk holding her hand.
I've never had one say no. Probably because in the very begining of even
approaching I ﬂirted, teased and touched her hand, even held her hand.
Most men forgotten avoid leading do due to fear of rejection. Most guys try to
make it all perfect, making sure everything is right and wait....wait....wait due to
fear of rehection.
They put the woman they date on a pedestal.
So it's wait....wait...wait and now the woman thinks..
"Doesn't he like me?"
"Isn't he attracted to me?"
"Is something wrong?"
"Why won't he kiss me?
"Why won't he hold my hand."
If he cannot lead, then unfortunately, you're going to be the one who is leads.
You're going to have do it yourself.
You don't tell him anything.
You smile, take his hand and walk with him. You stop and embrace him, hug
him. You lean back and smile, look in his eyes and kiss him. He'll get the message.
EDIT..
From discussion below in comment you'll see Aaron Sun shared a great approach,
and idea. A conversation in which you can say with a smile and warmth...
"I wish you would kiss me spontaneously every now and then. I would really
enjoy it."
24.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do I again fall in love with my wife all over again?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I understand where you're coming from and sometimes you need to cut past the
BS to get to core of it all.
You know the day her presence hit you right between the eyes?
And you know why I won't say that is the answer? You know why I will say that
you need to look at the good she has?
Here's why...
That was then.
This is now.

What happened back then is a diﬀerent type of attraction to what it must be now.
You see, albert einstien was right.
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created
them."
So the same thinking back then, with same mindset back then, that same "the day
you fell in love, how you loved her for certain qualities" doesn't count one damn
bit in this realm, called today and future.
Today is diﬀerent because today comes with you already tasting who she is.
Today comes the things you already know about her!
Back then, in the begining when you ﬁrst saw her and your whole world stopped,
as she brushed her hair aside, and she ﬂuttered her eyes lashes, and she smiled,
her tone of voice, even all the things that irritate you now, was just perfect.
You had to have her. You got to do whatever it takes to be with her and she be
with you. You had to pursue not chase, but pursue.
But that was back then.
You need a diﬀerent type of thinking. A thinking that has gone beyond that stage.
A thinking where someone has already done it either with themselves in
marriage or in a diﬀerent relationship.
Today you need to create...
TENSION.
Sexual tension.
It's going to take work but just bear with me for a moment. Just out of curiousity...
Imagine, the next level of love is not getting something. It's not you getting love.
It's not getting her.
You already got what you wanted. You already have your wife. She already has
you. So the getting love, is now gone.
Now it is the next step....
The giving. The creative thinking. The ﬁghting but in a way it is fun, it is heart
pumping, it is arousing even for you. It is sexual attraction at such a deeper level
most have yet to fathom and reach
Imagine you saw your wife and you didn't think....
"How do I fall in love with her again?"
Instead it is...
"How do I make her go so crazy, arouse, completely bonkers, and get her to feel
and behave in a way that makes her feel alive. In doing so, he bounces right back
to me."

Imagine it was about making her feel damn good, amazing, on top of the world
that HER FEELING, turns you on.
You see, I was dating this woman once. Blonde, tall, gorgeous woman. I mean
attractive to turn even the women's head round.
But you see, after a year with a beautiful blonde, tall, gorgeous sexy woman, and
an intelligent, smart and bubble personality - it's not the way you see her when
you ﬁrst met.
And I wondered, "what do I do now? How do I get......"
Until I did something by accident.
I was at an event and she was there and I approached her like we have never met
before and said...
"Excuse me. I was just walking by and I just saw you and I think you have an
amazing...(ﬁll in the gap)
I'm very cocky and outrageous so just imagine what I said.
Her face went all red and when I saw her cheeky go red , it got me feeling excited.
"You ok?" She asked
I brushed her hair aside, leaned forward and said...(ﬁll the gap. Just imagine me
to be most cocky sexual guy who isn't afraid to say what he wants).
Her head turned seeing if anyone was around.
"So I was think, you're not dating anyone?"
Kaboom. She now caught on and started to role play.
For the next 2 years I was role playing the heck out of it everyday. She once told
me..
"I was drinking my coﬀee in afternoon and I read your text and I nearly spit the
coﬀee on everyone on table. My boss included."
You see, even though she knew me, she DIDN'T know me. There was still
somethings about me I had to ﬁgure out and one of them is, I AM DAMN PROUD
OF BEING A SEXUAL MAN and I hid that part and I will never hide it every again.
She began to feel diﬀerent and even rushing to get home. She felt alive, she felt
happy, and that feeling bounced right back to me.
What happened?
I started to fall in love with her deeper than before.
I accidently created tension.
I even stopped sex for a while so we can just talk, touch, and do role playing. Even
the text was hot damn raunchy and my goal was to make her feel so happy, so
amazing, so crazy, that she had a skip when she walks.

I was even naughty when walking with her at night in the street.
I even dressed up as James bond.
Her friends were wondering what was going on because she was diﬀerent,
excited, happy, and just couldn't talk about her man.
Then I added spontanous and we also went holiday and lead the way to diﬀerent
countries - and discovered more about her. Each time. I was pushing further and
further.
So much so, we even broke many social norm rules and we grew to hieghts most
yet reach due to fear.
That's when I realised, love isn't about falling, getting, but......giving.
There are things I did I cannot say here. I'm sure by now, you know the type of
man I am.
Alas, though we lasted for two more years her father got pretty ill and she had to
ﬂy to Hungary and though we kept in touch, she did what her father wanted to do
- marry some guy.
And that was the end of that but.....thanks to her it lead me to knowledge I
accidently discovered which changed my life to know what to do if ever I am
dating a woman, and I fall out of love, that love is about giving not getting and so
I will apply what I've learnt.
Now I ask you....
What's the ﬁrst adventure you're going to surprise her with? What role play you're
going to begin with?
What are the tools you're going to use and how?
Forget what you DO KNOW about her.
This time, go real deep and re-discover.
Push it, make her go wild, for her to reveal things, feelings, emotions, desires you
never thought she had it in her.
Create tension.
Sexual tension.
Get excited. You're about to rock your world and hers.
Like I said, it will take work and it's diﬀerent to "how to I get.." and "how do I fall
in love with her again."
It's a diﬀerent way of thinking because in society we are taught to get, to chase, to
want but here I am saying.....to give.
312 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Vit Karamazov

Is it appropriate for my girlfriend to sleep in a bed with her
male friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Updated Oct 23, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Remember these words....
"It just happened."
"We didn't plan it."
"It just.....happened."
This is how "it just happens" happens.
I don't know about you mate but with me, the answer is no and if she even
suggests it - relationship is over. In fact, no woman I date will ever suggest or
think this.
We all have our diﬀerent values and how it is in relationships and this is how it is
with me. Sleeping with another guy in bed is very intimate and I don't know what
this guy is thinking if he does that with someone else's girlfriend anyway. I bet he
won't like it if someone did so with his girlfriend.
Imagine, your girlfriend sleeping next to another guy.
If your girlfriend suggested it then something is up with you're relationship.
Something is not right.
7.7k Views · View Upvoters

What does it mean when a girl says that she needs some time to
regain herself? We started oﬀ casual because she had been
through an emotional breakup. We've been friends with
beneﬁts, but she says she's not ready to love anyone
unconditionally.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're too available. There is no sexual attraction between you and her. You've
chased her instead of pursuing her. Even for her to mention her boyfriend is a red
ﬂag for you to move on.
You're not a challenge at all for her.
So she knows you are available anytime, whenever she wants and whenever she
decides to. To keep chasing her is not attractive and for her to know you are so
available and haven't got options of other girls chasing you makes it even worse
for you.
In her eyes, the pleasure of being with you is not greater as her logic, her fears and
most of all her emotional attachement to her boyfriend. I won't be surprised she
is hoping her boyfriend comes back OR she is waiting for someone else to come
her way who more sexually attractive and appealing for her.
To even say about comitted relationship when you haven't both dated yet for
quite a while, is turning it so serious. Really, you needed to not put a label on it
and push for serious relationship comittment.
Instead, date in a way to have fun and not make it serious but you made it so
serious and talking about committment.
For whatever reason, whether it is she is not ready or she is waiting for someone
else....
I would advise the following

1. Distance yourself from her.
2. No more contact with her
3. No more orbiting around her
4. Don't wait for her
5. Focus on changing one thing about yourself i.e. the neediness, desperation in
chasing her.
6. Approach othe women.
She is not ready or she is not wanting to date you, be in a relationship with you.
For now just move on and follow these steps.
3 Views · View Upvoters

If a boy left without asking your number, does it mean he
doesn't like you at all?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

1. He probably was nervous and just didn't think about it
2. He fears rejection and didn't ask
3. He thought you'd ask to see if you're interested in him
Now you're going to have to wonder, if, but, why, and all that. He will wonder that
you're not interested in him
But if you was interested in him why didn't you ask for his number?
1. You was probably nervous and just didn't think about it
2. You fear rejection and didn't ask
3. You thought he would ask to see if he's into you
4. You feared being judged as too easy, etc etc.
5.4k Views · View Upvoters

If I stress him out, does he love me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a woman stresses me out, believe me, I'd end it very fast. I don't like drama. I
would advise to not try and create drama and stress a guy if you like him.
People are drawn and can be pushed away for one powerful reason.
Feelings.
If a person feels really bad when being with you and this continues, believe me, if
this guy got conﬁdence, he will push you away. He won't give you time of day.
No one likes to feel bad, hurt, upset and especially feeling stress due to someone
creating drama.
It may not happen now but you may ﬁnd the guy walking away for good.
6k Views · View Upvoters

What is your opinion about computer science major is not as
popular of a major for girls as it is for guys?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I got four sisters, and each of my sisters took my advise...
1. Forget what's popular
2. Know yourself and what you want, and go for it
3. And don't let society, social behavior dictate your life because it dictate social
norms.
And they done very well even when the community we live in, says it's not
popular. In fact, they became leaders in their industry they are in.
You don't choose what is popular. You choose what you want to do in your life
because it is you who will be living it for the rest of your life.
I personally do not care what is popular but rather what I want to do, achieve and
pursue it.
123 Views · View Upvoters

My ex-girlfriend is back together with her ex-boyfriend of 1 year
and is keeping their relationship a secret. What is she trying to
do here?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When she was with you, she wasn't over her ex. She was still emotionally attached
AND she was doing the same to him, as she is now doing to you. So when it didn't
work with you........she went right back to her ex.
Most women have guys orbiting around them......trying to keep them hooked,
keep their attention. The way she did with him....she is now doing to you i.e. text,
reminding of past memories.
So if it doesn't work out with her ex boyfriend of 1 year, she can move right back
to you. Or she can date and have sex with both guys...back and forth...back and
forth.
You see the big picture now? The game?
She is with her ex now, as his girlfriend who she was always emotionally attached
to when she was dating you. In this period, she is not sure about where she is .
So she makes sure to keep your attention and if it doesn't work out, she can have
all the cake and eat it.
Now you know what's happening. What the game is.
The rest is up to you.
3k Views · View Upvoters

How can I know if a girl who came on 3 dates with me really
likes me if she avoids my touches?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

She is with you because she's interested in you. You need to lead, you need to
make exuses, reasons as you talk to touch. There is a reason why your dates with
her awkward..
Read link below..

When do you bring up whether or not you're actually girlfriend or boyfriend? I've
been seeing this guy exclusively for a month.
If you didn't lead from the very beginning then this sets the rest of the steps in a
certain way which will make the ﬁrst date, second and so forth diﬃcult,
awkward.
I'm very particular.
If when approaching when I am teasing, ﬂirting, and she is unwilling to tease
back, ﬂirt, then I'm already going to know it be diﬃcult later on.
Same like when I am having conversation with woman. If she is avoiding certain
issues I am raising, or avoiding the ﬂirting, teasing and she is not responding....I
know it's going to be diﬃcult later on.
I will not move further and move on.
I'm not going to waste time going on a date and act like a friend. She can be like
that with her friends. I'm a man and this is a date.
That's my preference and other people, well, they have their own way but that is
how it rolls for me.
It's a two way thing. Either she responds or it's over. I'm moving on.
You need to escalate and lead. You don't wait for her to lead, touch you. If she is
not responive on ﬁrst date and second date - why bother dating on then third
date?
If you want a friend or she wants a friend, then no problem.
Be friends but this isn't friends - this is sexual attraction, dating and in dating
people show some intimacy, holding hands, touch, kiss.
So lead and if it doesn't happen, well, learn to walk away, don't date her again and approach another girl
833 Views

There is a girl that I like.I have been chatting with her for a
month on what'sapp. I see her every week but never talk I am
nervous what should I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The escalation window is very small. If you don't be honest in your feelings
through your behavior you're sending mixed signals. You're sending her that all
you want is friendship.
See link below in regards to what I mean by being honest, congruent to your
feelings through behavior...
When do you bring up whether or not you're actually girlfriend or boyfriend? I've
been seeing this guy exclusively for a month.
You have a small window to take action and only reason that you're not taking
action is your playing safe.
You fear rejection.

If you don't get out of the comfort zone then you may ﬁnd much later then you'll
emotionally invest time, eﬀort to ﬁnd out she's not into you. That she just wants
attention, or she just wants to waste time, or she just wants to talk to someone as a
friend.
You don't want to be her friend, right?
Then you need to get real, genuine and live in the oﬄine world and approach her.
What you don't do is show aﬀectionate behavior in the beginning. You don't
approach to impress her and put her on a pedestal.
You don't buy her gifts.
You need to approach, tease, ﬂirt, be fun and ask her out. Don't label as a date and
all so serious. No movies i.e. cinema and no resturant and all that. Instead you
want to meet, walk, talk, hold hands, kiss and be fun.
The other things like moves, meals and all that can happen much later. First sort
out attraction and getting her to want to be with you, showing her a good time.
Even walk through city centre, go into diﬀerent shops, try stuﬀ out, have fun.
Give her an experience.
For more on what to do when you both meet up read the link below as I covered
the mistakes most guys do..
When do you bring up whether or not you're actually girlfriend or boyfriend? I've
been seeing this guy exclusively for a month.
27 Views

When do you bring up whether or not you're actually girlfriend
or boyfriend? I've been seeing this guy exclusively for a month.
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't bring it up. Never have and never will.
Why?
Because my behavior demonstrates what we are and my behavior also
demonstrates how comitted I am.
From the very beginning, if I see a woman I like, I'd ﬂirt, tease, and yes, escalate.
I'd touch too and hold her hand as we talk. And after some conversation we
exchange numbers and she will know why.
I escalate from the beginning to ensureshe knows what my intention is and it
sure isn't hanging out as friends and buddies. It's attraction. It's sexual attraction
and I make sure that is very obvious.
It also says, "this is who I am. This is what I want. You in, yes or no?"
If no, bye. If yes, it's on.
Now, when we do talk on phone or text, again....my intentions is obvious.
When we meet the behavior demonstrates what we are.

I smile, welcome her, embrace, brush her hair aside, strong warm eye
contact.......I kiss her on forehead, or cheek, twirl her around, she laughs and I am
cocky, fun, and sexualise in my words.
I walk holding her hand, I sit with my hand massaging her kneck, I take her hand
and put it on my leg.
I'll lead her out from drinking in a bar or cafe to street, somewhere in corner and
we kiss.
You think I need to bring up..."you're my girlfriend" or "what are we?"
I actually bring up after the kiss, "you're not going to be that girl who brings up what are we?" I grin with a goofy look.
She laughs, nods, and kisses.
She is with me because she's interested in me and I am going to show I am
interested in her and make sure, we're not........framing this as a friend walking
with a friend.
Now what has happened here?
It is being congruent (in harmony) to how is sexually attracted to the girl he is
with. So many are afraid to be congruent and dancing about because they fear the
person might judge them.
They put the person they like on a pedestal and fear of being congruent to their
desire, what they want...
And suddenly they are more focuses on...
"shall I kiss now?"
"What if she gets oﬀended?"
"Shall I hold her hand?"
"Is it the right time, moment?"
"How many minutes, hours, weeks, months do kiss, have sex?
Instead of the person they are with.
There is no use for me to date a girl who I don't hold hands, kiss, embrace. I can
do that with a friend who is a girl.
If I walk with a girl without any touching, no hand holding, no sexualisation, no
kissing - well I am sending mixed siganls.
I can do that with anybody but then they are friends, associates, co-workers and
that is it.
So we don't say it.
We behave it from day one and the only reason why a guy and a girl doesn't do so
is because of fear.
He wikll demonstrates through actions - the moment you meet he will go kisse
you, embraces you after, holds your hand. Assuming you from day one that you
are his girlfriend.

His behavior is congruent to how he feels about the girl he is with.
Then there's the..
1. Time, meeting twice or 3 times a week.
2. Going out together.
3. Meeting his friends which can happen later, when he gets to know you after a
couple of weeks or months. Sometimes less.
You know he's treating you as a girlfriend but always the beginning a guy needs to
lead or he sends mixed signals, and well, girl don't know what's going on.
308 Views · View Upvoters

How can I help my boyfriend who seems to have some deep
problems underneath his dangerous acts?

 https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-overcome-sadness-after-being-told-by-my-boyfriend-that…
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't come from a comfortable wealthy family and I have known hardships in
many ways but they made me stronger. Nor did I get any ﬁnancial help in regards
to college or business, career.
So with it comes the maturity, vast experience, insights most even my friends
don't know.
Through the journey I have learnt one major lesson in life out of so many...
And I hope this doesn't come across arrogant, harsh or that I don't care about
people - and have no compassion.
You cannot help anyone who won't help themselves. You cannot in a sense push
them, talk them to death about what needs to be done and nor can you try and
change this person.
Believe me, I have developed businesses, organisations, and worked also in the
education sector, to even in the dating sector, and always, I ﬁnd you can give so
much knowledge, sign posts to help, everything you can but if the person is
unwilling to move their ass to go for it, they will make every excuse under the
sun.
The only way I now help individuals I come across who I feel need help is I point
the way, and I move out of the way.
Either hand the person the contact number for help.
Either it is a brochure.
Whatever but then I move out of the way and the rest is up to the person.
I do not think I am responsibile for the person. I don't not make myself feel guilty
even if it's someone close.
I can only point the way and then leave it at that.
I've had far too much experiences in past where I have exhuasted my time, my
resources in trying to help someone get help they need.
Just point the way and leave it at that.

He doesn't need another dad, mum or sister. He probably doesn't even want
anyone's help but you can point the way, with information, contact number and
leave it at that.
888 Views · View Upvoters

How do I overcome sadness after being told by my boyfriend
that we would not be together forever because he still wants to
taste other girls?

 https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-help-my-boyfriend-who-seems-to-have-some-deep-pro…
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's not ready for relationship.
He probably saw how you was getting real serious, moving real fast and framing it
into a serious relationship, he decided to say something before it goes any
further.
Here's what is worrying for me when I read what you're sharing from your
heart....
"He has some suicidal thoughts (suggesting we die together, questioning the
point of life, choking me, making me choke him, bursting into tears saying that
he's sorry he's so broken and that he's never really been happy)"
If ANYONE said that to me, I'd be really worried! I won't to even be in a
relationship with a person who said this because it will terrify me. I'll be always
wondering if I close my eyes, will it be the end.
He needs help if he's thinking that way. Maybe help from a professional therapist.
I'm not going to play doctor. It's upto him if he desires to seek help from a
professional therapist.
Second is, you know he's leaving and going to USA and not coming back. So deep
down you know it's going to end because you know, he's not really ready for
anything serious.
It has been one month not 2 years, not 4 years. He's leaving, not coming back and
he hasn't said anything about where it leads the relationship.
It's time to let go.
Maybe also, you are rushing into wanting a serious relationship, diving all in, to
compensate for something, a feeling, to feel complete, to ﬁll some void? Or that
you have lived, matured greatly and want something that he cannot give?
I'd say let go. At least it's been one month not years. That doesn't take away what
you gave to the relationship.
That doesn't mean you didn't give it all you got and it won't hurt.
That doesn't mean one month meaning nothing because it does mean
something. It does mean memories for you, and it will impact you the way you
see life, the way you approach dating and anything in life. You will have
something in the back of your mind.
It doesn't mean....he used you.

It means he wants something diﬀerent and you want something diﬀerent too.
Life showed it to you earlier than later.
So yourself blessed and move on.
109 Views · View Upvoters

Am I wasting time by having a friend with beneﬁts?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What others say does not deﬁne you it deﬁnes their perception, reality, belief
system, fears, and this includes.....your mum and anyone else who says to not do
this and that.
The only thing you need to know is..
1. What is it you want?
Not, what other people, friend, parents, society wants.
Then weight the pros and cons. See the implications for yourself and also the
beneﬁts. Then you decide yourself not based on the fears of others, or the
realities of others or the labelling from anyone else.
I'm like that myself. I'm not going to lock myself in and I'm willing to live by
whatever consequences there are. Anything else, it's none of anyone else's
business.
So think about what it is you want out of your life. There are pros and cons in
every type of relationhip and no one, honestly, no one can say any one of them
come with no challenges, no problems,
They all come with their challenges because any relationship includes people
and people come with a lot of baggages, fears, beliefs, perceptions, wants, needs
and so on.
Keep it simple.
What do you want in life?
Be crystal clear.
Be happy. Live happy and just go for what you want in life.
4.1k Views · View Upvoters

A girl I have a crush on sent me the "kissing" emoji on
Whatsapp when I helped her out with her assignment. Does it
mean she likes me? She already has a boyfriend btw
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No, it is a proof that you are demonstrating unattractive behavior, in which she
sees you as nothing more than emotional support. Nothing more than some guy
who is a friend.
Just because a girl sens some kissing emoji symbol, means nothing and
sometimes friends do that too.
To be honest you're showing a lot of desperate thinking and it is due to you

having lack of options. If you had 10 attractive girls chasing you, wanting to date
you, I doubt you'd even be like this with this one girl.
But you haven't got options and that is because you fear rejection and stuck in
your comfort zone.
You're always available for this girl, not challenging, seeking approval, validation
from her. And you even let a girl be aﬀectionate in that way, leaning her head on
your shoulders or whatever WITHOUT any comittment towards a relationship
Further more, you know she has a boyfriend and yet, you still spend time with,
still orbit around her, still being too available for her and still doing what some
platonic boyfriend does.
No girl leands her head on me and nor gets the such time if we are not dating
each other.
You friendzoned yourself by this behavior.
95 Views

Can songwriters write lyrics to ﬁt a given piece of music?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, done it many a times for House music, drum and bass, dance music, hip hop,
R&B, Reggae.
What happens is, the producer will send me the music as mp3 so I can hear it and
also explain to me about what it means. He could tell me it is about love, or
freedom, etc and gives me some more explaination.
I then listen and write the words for the lyrics. Then I hire a recording studio, and
sing the lyrics I've written. It is then sent back to the producer who send me the
music.
Sometimes I have to travel either to Italy, Paris, Monaco or wherever the music
producer is and work from scratch. I'd be there as the session musicians are there,
and it's happening and then I'll write the lyrics as well as singing the song too.
I like that better sometimes because I can feel the vibe, I get a lot more on what
they are trying to achieve and the wealth of knowledge, experience I am
accessing too and being part of is very humbling experience.
100 Views

The girl whom I love does not care enough of me.What should I
do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Love is not a competition. I don't know much about traditional types of
relationship but I have been in them. However, you married I feel far too soon
and didn't know enough about her.
You probably knew something was up from near beginning but was blinded by
just wanting to be accepted, validated and approved by her; with the fear of losing
her in then mix - that you just didn't see the warninga early enough.
I've been there and believe me, when you're gut is telling you something you need
to listen; the way you're gut is right now telling you something to such you

needed to post this question.
She really doesn't love you mate. This isn't love, telling someone that she is into
someone else, and didn't happen because of family preventions.
This relationship in my mind is over, dead, ﬁnished.
When a woman says that to me, which they haven't, but if one does, well, I'm not
going to even bother anymore. I move on.
It's time to wake up friend and realise you cannot do much in this relationship
and divource her, and this time, as Alice mentioned, do not see marriage as some
solution that will give you happiness and love.
Only your higher purpose can do that and loving yourself.
She won't give you a straight anwers, avoiding conﬂict, avoiding making the
tough decision, to say it is over.
You need to lead and do that and divource, and walk away.
137 Views · View Upvoters

How can I ﬁnd out what I fear?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Some ideas.....being alone on a swing with back turned. You can have like a
silhoute type of tattoo like.

Probably one string of a person climbing up.
Or walking on a string on his/her own and turn this reference into your own kind
of style, concept.

Or even a person just hanging with hands or standing on to the numerical
number ... 1
Maybe the number is of a diﬀerent language like japenese, chineese, etc.
Look for references and play with them, and turn them into your own simpliﬁed
and yet profound concept...
The simpler you make it and from meaning, the better. You don't want some
complex pattern. Simple can say a lot.
99 Views

I told her I love her but she doesn't care though she is still my
close friend, What should I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

This is a delima which arises a lot with guys and the reason it is a problem for
them is they think confessing their aﬀection is going to do some damn good
when it doesn't.

You see, you have to be congruent to how you feel for a woman by the way
you......behave. If you don't behave towards how you feel instead of using words
in a way to confess, then you are behavior is not in harmony with how you feel for
her.
It is also diﬃcult and added problem when your relationship is framed in her
mind as a friend from the very beginning - with added probably some years to it
too.
Yes, it does happen. Friends sometimes do become sexually attractive to each
other and date - but even then it can be more diﬃcult than just approaching a
woman and be direct from day one.
I'm not assuming that you didn't want to be friends with her from the beginning
but it is diﬃcult to suddenly change the role of friendship into someone else
when the other person doesn't see you in that way.
Also, when a guy lacks the knowledge that attraction isn't logic but emotions,
then he will approach logical by telling her how you feel, confessing his love to
her.
That's logic.
Think aboout it for a moment friend.
In anything in life people are drawn by how they feel towards someone. Many
think people are drawn to someone by commonality, that you are an engineer
and so she is an engineer and therefore logically you both got a lot to say to each
other. I'm just giving an example here.
That comes much later AFTER attraction. After the arousal, the feelings of desire
to know this person in a sexual attraction way.
But you see it is not words.
It is about feeling.
So when you approach and confess feeling you don't create sexual tension. You
banged it all on the plate BEFORE she feels sexually attracted towards you. The
map in between you and her is friendship and has been for a while so that map
needs to change and it is very diﬃcult to do.
Why
It stems from the approach in the beginning...
In the beginning it as framed as a friendship not a sexual attraction. So going up
to her and now confessing your feeling can create awkwardiness. It can get you to
lose a friend.
What you needed to do is show her how being with someone like you is an
amazing experience, that feels alive, she is aroused by being with you, she sees
something more, that you are sexually attractive.
But because you are friends you have to really take it carefully because as Swami
mentioned, she at this moment in time may not see you that way. You can ﬂip
something that is friend to immediately kaboooom into sexual attraction, into a
diﬀerent type of relationship.

You have to do things now in stages not come out just like that and land it on her
lap.
So my advise is this...
1. Distance yourself a little from her..
2. Do not push it with her.
3. Change one thing about you, dress good, hit the gym, get busy with your life
and create a social circle.
4. Approach other women but this time, do not frame it as friends. Be direct,
tease, ﬂirt, be conﬁdent to ask for the number, and date etc.
And you never know, in future, if you're not dating someone else and you meet
again, she may see a diﬀerence in you, she may see she's sexuall attracted to you
because as time moves on, so do women.
Their map in their mind changes and desire something else in a man and it
maybe that is what she then sees in you.
Nevetherless, do not hope on it.
Be friends, distance yourself, don't always be available, be a challenge in TRUTH
by being really truly busywith your life. Approach other women and have a
wonderful dating life with attractive or whatever type of woman you're into you.
That is what I advise.
I'm talking from experience and i'm not going to go into detail of the psychology
of it. Just don't push it with your friend. Give her space.
296 Views · View Upvoters

I've been giving a lot of sweet things to the girl I like who is my
friend since the beginning of the year, such as cards, ﬂowers
etc. Have I revealed too much that I like her? How?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Wait! You haven't started dating this girl and you're giving her ﬂowers and cards?
Yes, you have shown aﬀection far too soon.
I have noticed you sau "my friend" not girlfriend.
You don't show your intention in that way by buying things for girls. You show
conﬁdence and approach her and be direct about your intentions. You lead
instead of trying to impress her.
This is why most guys get walked all over.
You should have already approached her, teased, ﬂirted, got her number and
dated. Instead of all this giving presents.
Now when you ask her out she will assume, not that she won't know anyway, that
you gave these to not for genuine reason but because you want to date her, you
want to have sex and that is how she is going to see it.
An example..
When I was at school this guy use to give gifts to a girl. He would keep doing so

and well, she took these gifts. One day, she was complaining about trainers and so
her went and bought her trainers.
But one day I saw her and approached, teased, ﬂirted with her, had a laugh, got
her number and next day we were dating.
He got all angry with her because why she didn't go out with him..
"But we are JUST FRIENDS" she replied, "you never asked me out and you're
now.........like.........a...........brother to me."
He showed aﬀection ﬁrst which is an unattractive behavior by buying gifts to
impress her, to buy her feelings, buy....sex. He feared rejection and he thought if
he did it this way she'd ask him out. He made it far too serious, showing romantic
and all that.
It shows lack of conﬁdence and you're not doing something most average
mnedicore guys do anyway. Bluntly - kissing her ass.
You waited far too long, and you approached in a desperate needy manner.
Whenever you like a girl, do not buy presents.
Nor do you show aﬀection yet
But approach and ﬂirt, tease, show her you're into her
Then ask for her number and call to meet up
You don't need to label it as a date.
Your behavior needs to demonstrate it's a date, by the way you meet, kiss her
immediately on forehead, hold her hand, smile and lead the way.
So yes, you showed the wrong type of aﬀection far too soon.
You emotionally invested when she hasn't done so with you.
112 Views · View Upvoters

How do I stop myself from isolating myself from my own life? I
tend to shut all the people out of my life when I'm not doing
well, because I need the quietness. But this will only make me
feel worse and more alone in the end.
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I call it the GET OUT slot program.
I am an introvert but a lot of people won't even notice because when I am see
people, go to parties, I'll observe for a moment then KABOOOOOOM! I am in their
having fun, getting to know people.
But I use to always stay in doing my work. I am artist so I love, just love solitude,
doing my work, away from world sometimes.
However, I live in a social world and so I need to go out.
So I created my own GET OUT slot program. I got it on my wall and with it comes
it's kit. Yes, I am very detailed orientated type of guy.
Here it is.

1. I ﬁnd where many events are through the months and slot them in the large big
board calendar. Of course they all around my diﬀerent interest.
- Music festivals
- Music band gigs
- Art events
- Night club
- Painting workshops
- Friends birthdays
I'll have a list kind of thing and I'll bang the activities in some boxes and make
sure to have plenty of time for "my alone time."
2. The Get Out Program Kit.
- Mobile phone with one sentence notes of stories I can tell
- Notes questions to ask, opinion openers
- Photos on my phone of my work, plans, ideas and even the cat :D
3. Get Out
Now I look at board and see an activity and I go out to it and I got plenty to talk
about but I'll ask questions ﬁrst or an opinion.
This by the way happened last week...
Me - Excuse me, I need an opinion. You look like a Cat lover
Woman - Haha. I do?
Me - (take my phone out) Ah, that is a good question. Do you?
Woman - I don't but my sister does.
Me - Oh? What is he/she called
Woman - We call her diamond
Me - I never heard anyone call their cat diamond, must be special cat.
Woman - (brings out her phone shows me her sister Cat)
And the conversations goes on about a cat, she shows me her art work and we
start talking about techniques.
Then after a while talking to some people....I head back home. Back to solitude.
With of course a new contact to meet for a cup of coﬀee.
By the way she loves her own quietness too.
258 Views · View Upvoters

How do people decide what is "meaningful"?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is in the context of one's own life experience. For example, I'm an artist and
struggled in selling so I was so passionate to ﬁnd a way, I invested in consumer
psychology, marketing, strategy, copywriting, PPC etc which is meaning to me
because it's about what I enjoy the most, and comes with a history in regards to
challenges in what I want to achieve.
But what is meaninful to me, may seem just absolute hogwash for someone else,
and plane insanity.
For me, writing a song and crafting it for hours in end everyday, or writing a
chapter and going over time and time again is boring to someone else. Or

learning to unravel each stage of a sales marketing campaign with excitement,
testing it out, seeing what works, what doesn't, then break it all up again and
doing it again for another business idea would make someone else yawn, bored
and wonder, "OMG! So tedious, boring, painful. Not for me."
I was talking to friend and she was so excitin about her some coding she did that
solved a problem. She went through it and I was so bored out of my head but she
was like..
"SEE THIS! This code here blah blah blah doe was what made this page and
system go nuts and blah blah."
Me - I see, Mmmm, cool (yawn)
Then when it's me explaining something I go about it long, detailed, step by step
and she be like..
Her - Erm Adam, when you're getting to the point? Oh sorry I didn't mean to say
that, I mean.
Me - laughing. It's ok.
I am ok about it because she is opposite to me. She's feeling...feeling, says before
thinking. I am thinking and doing, anayalise before saying a word, planned out to
the letter.
So it depends on each person's life, upbringing, experiences, challenges,
something that makes the ground they stand on tremor and they got to ﬁght for
this one thing they believe in.
I could have said all that with just a few sentences but there we go.
159 Views

So my boyfriend after two year broke up with me and soon after
found a friend and now after about a month he keeps calling
and texting me just to talk.. Why is he doing this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

He's still emtionally attached to you. So if you been together for 2 ywars and he
broken up, well, it's sometimes not easy especially if he hasn't options, and tons
of girls chasing him and dating him. So the most comforting thing is avoiding the
discomfort of approaching girls, going through rejections and all that.
And since that is so - he's thinkng..
"Damn I made a mistake. It ain't that good out there. I wonder if she's interested
to get back together because this is too hard. I'm just not cut out for all this game
playing, approaching, rejections. It's too painful. It's too uncomfortable. It's....got
to call her"
So he may have feelings for you but it may not be based on what you might
thinking like love, but rather you're someone he knows, it's easier to hook up and
date you again.
277 Views

How do I stop feeling like a failure for not having done
anything remarkable yet?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships

Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There was a time, when I felt the same way. You can read more of the story of the
story in link below and also on my proﬁle...
What is it like to see a close friend become famous?
I used to look at everyone else moving ahead with their achievesments, degrees
and very close friends becoming famous and achieving big dreams. It didn't help
when I took my own path than most in my community would never do.
Instead of going to college to study, I dropped out. It wasn't for me. Instead of
doing a degree, I just didn't apply. Instead, I wanted a diﬀerent path which isn't
usually promoted as much.
I went for music, singing, songwriting, being an artist, author. Creator of my own
things, products, ideas. I had a vision.
And these things are not seen as real in my community even when they watch
famous people from our communities singing on TVs, becoming superstars in
their ﬁeld in such area.
So you're always getting someone pointing at you, judging you, telling you what
they think the path should be.
You get it from
- Parents
- Other relatives
- Teachers
- Friends
- Their friends
-Even strangers
So I hid much of what I did, achieved from everyone I knew. I lived a double life. I
sang in every venue and I knew no one from my community would eve dare go
into these venues due to religious belief but also to not be judged, labelled, found
out, and ostracised.
But in the day, I worked in medicore jobs.
Even though they were big jobs, developing thousands of dollars or projects,
doing what most get so stressed in doing - it wasn't success because success to me
is doing what you love doing.
Sure, I get there are things in world we do which we won't like but this is diﬀerent.
This is about core values, goals, purpose, achievements and a legacy.
In the night I would go to many underground gigs and everyone would know me
their and none of them would ever know the people in my community.
I even created an alias name which I won't mention here.
Many knew me by that name but in my community, well no one did.
To even show you how it was so in my communities face and they didn't know, I
was interviewed in most of the large known radio shows, and sang in English with
a band, and sometimes solo with my guitar.

I was at my a cafe where lots of people from our community turn up late
afternoon to eat together. Radio was on. I was there.
My song came on. Again I won't mention the song.
I sat there listening to the song as I eat with 200 people, and some people were
saying, "great song. Must be an amercian guy."
My mum was there. My dad too. My sisters and brothers.
None recognised the voice and even if they did, let's say they did....it would be so
far fetched, too much for them to even believe. It just not something that they
think can happen to their own.
That was my secret.
I would hear, "so, so achieved this,."
"My son just ﬁnished a degree."
"Why can't you be like him son?"
So lived and breathed in my community, traveling sometimes and coming back at
4 am and sleep for a little, to wake up to go to work.
I remember, I wanted to share what I do to relatives and community but I started
something which I failed in but it was ok. I learnt a great deal to do it again later
and succeed.
But when relative found out and community, I didn't get encouraged. Instead I
was pointed at, told it was too big to do, and all sorts.
Thing is, next time I did it, succeeded due to lessons I learnt from my failures but
this time....I didn't tell them and yes, I did it with agreement of organisations and
institutes to keep my name out - and they kept their word. They were bewildered
by it but I made something up...
"I'm not bothered about the credit. Just pay me my dues we agreed on as that's
what I only care about."
It was hard saying that because I didn't really care about that at all. I cared about
developing projects, hooking up universities in USA to UK. I knew how to do this
because I've done it many a times with music, with bands, with bringing contacts
to UK and helping them work together smoothely.
The success?
The change of curreculum in colleges all over UK. Using Hip Hip to teach english
words, getting young in to be inspired about knowledge. It worked. BBC and
other broadcast companies came in and I stayed in the shadows, pushing
someone else forward.
I got the satisfaction in seeing parents smiling at their sons and daughters
achievements in tests, exams and seeing teachers feeling amazing as parents
hugged them, praised them for their hard work and hard work they did do too.
The same young people who heard over and over again they are failures, they are
have many ﬂaws, they will never make it.

To teachers who get blamed and told they are failures, they are a mess and they
can't do much to help students to achieve.
To parents who are told they are not good parents, they failed, they have so many
ﬂaws, and not good enough.
To communities, who are told they are to blame, they are not good enough for
funding, support, they have ﬂaws, and so on..
I was in the middle of this and I believed somewhere along the lines, that I was
meant to ﬁght under the shades and ﬁght I did. I pulled all my resources, contacts
to help community, young people, parents, teachers believe in themselves.
I even created a magazine and got it distributed to 4 cities for one year sending
that message, and used alias name, and PO Box number.
It didn't change the world but it did something.
It made a lot of people believe they were conned to believe they are failures, they
are not good enough and that so, so is better than them. They stopped comparing
themselves.
They began to look in the mirror and criticise...themselves.
In doing so, they began criticizing their own children, own community and
friends.
So much so, that one day you are born and this poison is now past on to you and it
becomes part of your belief system on basing what success really is. That it is
material and that it is about social status, certiﬁcates and competing, and making
one look good for someone else to feel not so good.
For someone to be seen as a winner but others losers, failures.
And everyday, you look in the mirror and that is what you tell yourself. That is
how you now measure success.
Even today, I see many friends with amazing skills, in jobs they want to get out of
but think they are not good enough. They ARE good enough but they just won't
believe.
The toxic management telling them they are not good enough. The system of the
company stinks with bad vibes, spite and fear. Reminding them constanly they
are not good enough after they promised to give the workers a promotion, a raise.
Many of my friends moved from one company to another and not because of pay
but because of lack of leadership. Someone hurting them emotionally and
mentally.
In world we live in...
Your spouse left you. You failed.
You're getting divource. You failed.
You are single. You failed.
You haven't written a book yet. You failed.
You have't got a job yet. Failed.
You haven't got a hot looking woman/man. You failed.

You are overweight. Failed.
You're too skinny. Failed.
You live in a poor neighbourhood. Failed.
Failed...failed...failed...
Day after day it is hammered into your mind from children story books, TV
commericials, movies, magazines, headlines on a newspaper, billboards and
people all around you.
You haven't got $100 trainers. Failed!
It's very scary when you see it and you hope, you don't end up that way. It is
fortunate for me to not have made it big when I was young. I would have been so
messed up in everything.
Money, relationship, everything because my self image back them was low. How I
saw myself back then was not success.
If I was given a million dollars, I probable lost it all on drugs, women and
whatever I can do to just feel something instead of the emptiness.
I have seen bands get record deal and lose it because they feel they are failues.
I've seen a friend lose one million by spending like crazy because he felt he is a
failure.
I have cried over a friend's grave who drank himself to death and felt I failed in
not seeing his pain - that he felt he is a failure because he didn't make it in the
music business and so what's the use of living.
I even heard him say "what's the use of living.." and I didn't think, something
wrong, I better come back to country, see if he's ok, call someone, do whatever.
Instead, all I could do, is stand in the rain, and no one could see me cry then
cause of the rain. I felt I failed him as a friend. It was all there before my eyes and
I didn't see it.
"If I listened enough,"
"If I wasn't too busy"
"If I was called.."
"I failed him!"
Evwerywhere, wherever you go, tells us we are failures.
Why am I sharing this?
You got to know what it is you're ﬁghting.
If you do not know then it is like you're ﬁghting a Hydrah Dragon. You slay one
head and another two head pop up.
You cut oﬀ another head and another two pop up.
You do all you can, whatever and still the same thoughts, same routine, same
damn feeling keeps coming back and you're right back to square one.
That is until you discover......to slay YOUR hydrah dragon you must aim right at
the heart of this beast.

You realise now what you must do and take a deep breathe and like Hercules, you
leap with all your might, fore this is your life on the line and you strike at the
heart.
Thoughts become actions
Actions become habit
Habits shape your character
Character shapes your fate
And there lies your future, your results.
We put alarms in our valuable assets and goods. Our home is locked with alarm.
Our car is locked at all times and ﬁtted with an alarm.
Our laptops get cleaned too.
But what about the most valuable thing called....our brain.
You want to stop?
1. Replace your thoughts with new thoughts. The ones that help you win.
2. Associate with people who want to also win and encourage you
3, Find yourself a good mentor who will help you with a strategy and plan
4. Learn from those who are where you want to be but also be humble to learn
from whoever reaches our and shows you the way.
You want to stop thinking doom and gloom.
Get good at learning how to slay YOUR Hydrah Dragon?
Clean that mind. Be an athelete of your mind.
The race is won in there ﬁrst.
Be self aware of what you see, what you hear, what you read, who you associate
with - and what you say to yourself.
Create your NEW STORY.
Your blue print in your mind of what success is and not what others think success
is.
For most if what is in our minds are lies and lies when told enough times
becomes a belief and a system we suddenly follow. Until we truly believe what we
do is because we want to do it.
But really if we look closely, we see it all but a lie.
"Why you marry?"
"Because....(lie)
Truth?
"Oh to make my dad and my mum proud. I don't want people to respect me. I
want to ﬁt in. It's the wa isn't it? It's not really love. I want it legal because blah
blah blah..."

Lies.
See someone diﬀerent and "oh it shouldn't be that way."
Lies.
You have to know what it is your ﬁght against. The lies in your head and learn to
slay the Hydrag Dragon at the heart than cutting oﬀ the heads i.e. the lies, one by
one because more lies will grow.
You haven't quit. You have asked a question. You are still trying.
In my book that's leadership. It is a winner.
We are told winners have lots of followers. Not really. A winner is someone who
knows how own paths and leads towards achieving his goals.
This is what you are.
To know what you want to achieve in life, to pursue your own path, whatever it
takes, no matter how long it takes - without comparing yourself to anyone else
nor belittle anyone else when you achieve your goals.
You are already successful when you pursue your path.
297 Views · View Upvoters

How do i handle being in a relationship with a girl who is
smart, but isn't that bright academically?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I would not try to do anything to change her. This is her. I am like her in that I'm
smart, can create things and do many things but I'm not into going to college,
university and studying.
It's not for me and it will frustrate me a great deal if I was dating and the woman
is trying to change me. It will create resentment. It will get me to distance myself
from her and it will end for us to go our own way.
Just focus on your path, be an example and if she needed help and if you both
become very intimate - she will ask for it.
But I would not try to change, push, advise but leave her alone.
If it is a problem for you to desire to change her then best you date someone else
who is into what you want and in way you want.
Far too many people mix their core values and think they can somehow change
the person to ﬁt with their values, their way but what it does it throws in a big
massive spanner in the works.
Love her for who she is and do not push to change her.
Yes, there are smart people who are not into studying hard, academic but that's
how it is. We are all diferent.
In other words - don't HANDLE her or Manage her.
Love her for who she is.

123 Views · View Upvoters

What are some ways to help stay focused while writing or doing
homework?
Adam Taha, I am an advocate for practical self improvement
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was at school I made some friends.
We would help each other. We'd get together and we'd do homework together. We
pushed each other. So we made sure to not let each other down. We'd have a
friendly competition too who gets best marks and the winner gets treated.
Helped a lot.
We also had like aboard on wall and we'd stick on it what we needed to do.
I didn't make tons of friends at school but the ones I did make, were great. Quality
instead of quantity. They weren't dressed cool or anything like that but I didn't
care. They were fun, reliable and good friends.
So maybe that's an avenue too to see and a great way making good few friends
who help each other.
100 Views

What does a text like this mean? Is he interested in me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What happened is this....
1. He saw your photo.
2. He made a compliment
3. You you were lucky ﬁrst time when you bigged yourself up because it showed
you're conﬁdent. No problem.
4. He recipocrates you but then you did this...
5. "lol we'll see."
He now assumes you're a girl who is now playing a game. That you're going to
play hard to get. That you're not really interested in him at all and all it is...is
attention seeking.
For example..
Imagine this guy has met girls who played hard to get. Imagine he had enough of
girls who tell him...
"Oh we'll see."
"Oh I'm hard work."
"I don't know. Well see."
So all this is in his head. In his memory. He's gone through it and one day he
meets you and suddenly....you show that EXACT pattern..
Click "Oh, you're those type of girls. Playing hard to get."
It has nothing to do with getting into your pants because the context in what was
happening in beginning was about looks, attractiveness.
So you're both on same page.

You both know what's gong on.
So any of this "oh he's trying to get into your pants" is out of context to what is
happening here.
Moment you said...
"Lol We'll see" you now framed the relationship in a diﬀerent way. It is framed...
"I don't think you're good enough for me. I'm going to play hard to get, pull some
strings, make you work etc."
You killed it right there in the end.
Door closed.
626 Views · View Upvoters

Are there any boy's around the ages of 16 or 17 that can give me
advice on how to talk or act around the guy I like?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you went for a job interview, would you be yourself?
It's something most people advise, "be yourself."
And yet, billions of dollars have been poured into the science of psychology,
inﬂuencing people, persuading, motivating.
If a product on a shelf was able to sell itself, why spend money for commericials,
websites, with specialists in copywriting who inﬂuence, motivate, persuade by
the word and images.
The worse advise I ever got from my parents, from the education sector, from
friend is...
"Be yourself."
Go on, be yourself and you will see you don't know yourself to even comprehend
this idea of "be yourself and it be enough."
I say Be the BEST you can be..
That means like anything else you want in life..
1. Learn what makes a girl feel great. It is not..
"Hi, you want to go and have a cup of tea?"
It is making her feel emotions, to be curious about you ﬁrst, to approach in a
manner that is conﬁdent and so, if you be yourself....is yourself good enough
because it doesn't have conﬁdence.
So now you got to learn....to be better you, a stronger you, a courageous you, a
knowledgeable you. The fun you.
The you that is relaxed, cocky but fun, not hurtful, but fun.

Not bossy but tease, ﬂirt.
Not scared but like the day you was jus 8 years old and wasn't afraid to say to a
girl, "No, that's my toys, get lost" because you didn't put her on a pedestal. You
didn't care if she didn't like.
Now we grown to teen and you care if she like you, if she will not, if she will
ignore, laugh, smirk, etc.
2. It is a skill.
You want social skills, so go and approach tons of girls and learn and how to talk
UNTIL you ﬁgure it out. If you cannot ﬁgure it out, you haven't yet learnt enough
of what makes a girl be motivated in the basic level.
So read up what they read. Read books on why people do what they do. Go and
socialise, and mingle as much as possible so you hone in your skill.
Make sure you have precautions and understand the responsibility in regards to
dating and sex.
3. Practice. Get out of the comfort zone.
You fear rejection. The only way to get stronger is do that which makes you
uncomfortable like talking to girls, one step at a time.
Learn to smile. Learn to say hi and walk way. Do that enough times and then
learn to say hi and she's looks great and keep doing that until you got conﬁdent to
add more.
Until you are ready, because one day, that girl will appear that will knock your
lights out and if you.....are not ready, if you don't invest now in learning how to do
it, practice, then being you won't be enough..
Being the BEST of you will increase your chances in knowing how to reveal
yourself in an attractive manner without forcing it, without pretending and
without even the mindset you got to impress her.
And you won't care if she says no.
Another girl will come along to knock your lights out and there we go, you get
better at it.
I'm not 16 year old.
I'm way over and learnt a thing or two when what we learnt at 16 in regards to
how the world and people are, makes us fail miserably.
Be the Best version of you needs knowledge, skills and practice.
So here's some steps...
1. Don't over think it. Just approach the girl
2. Be prepared in what you're going to say and just be fun, but be honest. Make
your intention clear but don't embarrass her.
My ﬁrst girlfriend when I was 17 year old. I saw her standing with other girls. I
walked right up to her and said...
Me - Hey, can you help."

Her - yeah sure (all her friends looking ready to jump me)
Me - I know this girl and (I described everything about her, way she looked,
dressed, and...) and her friends seem really cool too. How would you think I ask
her out?
Her - Well, ask for her number (she giggles, turns to her friends, laughing)
Moment she turned to me I gave her pen and paper...
Me - Ok then. Write your number down here.
Her friends - OMG!
She gave me her number and I called her. Her mum picked it up and we then
talked and we met and dated for one two years before her family moved to
Manchester.
But you see, what she doesn't know is, since I was 15 years old, I was approaching
girls like crazy and I did get many rejections until I learnt a thing or two, and
realised "being yourself" was bad advise to me.
When I saw her, I was ready, conﬁdent, knew what to say, ﬂowing so easily, even
when my heart was pumping fast.
Ever since though, she would tell her friends of a guy, cocky, cheeky guy, who
approached in a certain way.
That girl is going to appear for you too.
Opportunities are never missed. We just not ready when they do appear and then
scramble like crazy to learn everything we can in a day, a week but it doesn't
happen that way.
Now, when young lads ask me for advise...I say...
"If a girl appeared, someone you really liked, would you be ready? I mean
conﬁdent, being the BEST you can be, would you?"
The answer was always no except for a couple of guys.
And these guys were diﬀerent because they did exactly what I did when I was 15
years old till 17.
278 Views · View Upvoters

Does blonde women like to have indians (brown skin) as their
partners?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'll give some hope.
One of my mates, has no hair whatever, bald and his brother had some hair, both
indians and brown skin. They were right pain in kneck but a laugh. The reason
why they were a pain is, well, let show you....(I only changed their names)
James - Adam! (nudges me in ribs and my drink crashes on ﬂoor) she's hot!
Dave - But look at the other girl. (he nudges me on other side)
Adam - Oh wait. No way
James/Dave - Go on man. You're good at this
They kept on badgering me half of night and so I go over to girls and get talking to

them. After I got talking, In introduced my mates to the two blonde girls.
Rest is history.
They still together, it's been 10 years and they both married with kids.
So yes, it can happen.
I also look a bit indian myself, got brown skin but weird thing is, to Indians I am
seen as Pakistani. To Pakistanis, they think I am mixed from arab and Italian with
worse tan ever.
The black community, don't know what I am and probably made friends with me
for a laugh and part of the subject to get everyone talking when they run out of
conversation hooks to impress the girls. Who knows.
But seriously, so many examples of indians I know who date blonde girls, red hair
girls, and brunettes.
PS...any friends here who are Indians....please do not contact me to hook you up
with blonde girls. I am so over this :D
343 Views · View Upvoters

I asked a guy if he would want to go for coﬀee sometime and he
said, "As friends sure I'm down :-)" does that mean hes not
interested in anything more?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Mar 30, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The moment the guy adds, "as friends..." he as framed the relationship as friends
and it's something else.
It's not going to be a drink together to assume anything else will happen like
attraction, sexually attracted to the person he said it too.
That doesn't mean somethings don't change but it's unlikely and I won't hope
that it does. As he says, "As friends...sure I'm down."
466 Views

Does he like me or my friend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're doing the mistakes most do and which frustrates them. You're looking for
signals. You know why?
You fear rejection.
You want everything to be perfect, like a romance novel, where the guy in the
novel and movie will walk up, sweep you oﬀ your feet and tell you..
"The moment I saw you, I fell in love with you."
Well, it ain't going to happen except in very rare occassions and even then, most
who do confess their feelings, gets the girl suddenly have a knee jerk reaction to
self sabotage it by talking jibberish, doing all sorts of nonsense moves, playing
hard to get because..
1. She now knows and doesn't want to look easy.

2. She doesn't want to be judged as a slut
3. She doesn't want to be judged a s whore
All of course is social conditioning and it is what it is in society today. I have met
many girls, women who self sabotage because I guy confessed his feelings. They
go all giddy, emotional, and don't know what to say because the guy didn't lead
but confessed aﬀection ﬁrst.
This guy isn't going to do that.
He goofs around too much. He plays cool guy too much. He is an comedy act. His
archetype probably is Jester when he has a packed audience.
So looking for signals is one of the mistakes so many do when the answer is in the
action.
You want an answer, you want clarity, then ask him but ask him when he's alone,
not with others around.
If he jokes, pull him, and say, "I'm serious. I want an answer or I'm moving on."
If he's playing he will not take the step. He will say no.
If he is into you, he will go for it and that's when you need to know what you're
going to do next. You get his number or agree there and then to meet and go out
for a drink and chill, or ice cream.
Stay away from movies in beginning as you want to embrace, hold hand, kiss, get
to know each other, talk. You can't do much of these watching moves and sitting
on butt for a couple of hours.
So next time you see him, pull him over, away from anyone else and ask him.
Then...move on.
33 Views · Answer requested by Alisa Dong

A girl rejected 3-4 months back, and she gives me hints. Could
she still like me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If a girl has rejected you 3-4 months ago then she knows you're interested in her
but it doesn't mean she wants to date you. You haven't mentioned what type of
hints and even then, it's best to not rely on signals.
Signals can be very decieving and we can give signals unconsciously too. It can be
anything within the environment we are in. It can be stress, anxiety, and this can
include just smiling, to handle awkwardiness.
She knows you like her and she knows you asked her out before and she rejected
you and so, she might smile, she might look at you and you can easily interpret
these signals as a positive interest in you.
However, it looks like to me, they are done due to feeling awkward. It's done to
overcome stress and not really signals of attraction.
If you already approached her and she has rejected you and said no, or whatever
reason she has given - it's best to move on.
If she's really interested she will ﬁnd a way to approach you although it is very

rare for girls/women to do so. So she might ﬁnd a friend or get the word round to
you.
I advise to not look at signals but results i.e. she approaches you and says she's
interested. Or her friend approaches you and tells you she's interested.
Best to let her go and approach someone else or you'll ﬁnd you're investing
emotionally and time that leads to nowhere.
Everytime she rejects you it lowers your value in her eyes.
So best approach another girl.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know the right moment to kiss a girl for the ﬁrst
time?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: When do I kiss a girl? Are there signs?

You do it immediately. You assume she is your girlfriend. You never wait for signs
but lead.
Now here's where it gets messed up.
Honesty.
I'm going to share something with you that made my friends cringe. I saw a
woman I liked, so I said for my friends to wait for a moment. They saw me walk
up to a woman, and with my usual cocky fun way, I said to her..
"Excuse me, have you got a lighter?"
"Yes."
As she got hers out, I got mine. She looked at mine, I looked at hers and I jus said..
"Awesome. It's not a match which means, we're going to get along just ﬁne."
She started to laugh and I introduced myself, and as she shook my hand, I held it
and she didn't let go. We talked, she laughed, I laughed, got to know more about
her, as I touched again and again as part of the conversation. I was cheeky, I was
conﬁdent and I escalated with touch.
My friends thought it was crazy. How could I hold her hand that long, touch her
back, stroke her kneck, move her hair. Yes, for some women it will be a turn oﬀ,
for some it won't be but for those who it is a turn oﬀ....I don't want to date anyway.
I know what I want.
I am congruent to what I want.
I am going to behave in a way to say this is who I am and what I want.
Two days later we met outside a tube station and immediately, I kissed her on the
forehead, and took her hand and lead to cafe, and after some talking, getting to
know her, and she got to know me, and yes....touching, laughing, brushing her
hair aside, stroking her ﬁngers, back of her kneck...I kissed on the lips.
You need to assume she is your girlfriend.

She's dating you because she's interested in you.
If you don't lead she won't. Most girls won't lead. It is very rare.
So don't wait for signals but be congruent to what you feel for the girl.
Take action and then see what's going on.
Does she feel comfortable, does she feel uncomfortable, ok....wait some
more....and help her feel comfortable. Help her to relax. Help her to have fun.
Help her to feel at ease and not make dating serious.
Taking action will give you feedback.
You don't wait for signals because if you do, then don't expect the girl to say to
you..
"Oh please kiss me."
Or show some dancing moves, or a ﬂip of a hair, or a ﬂuttering her eyes lashes. It
means nothing.
You will only know by taking action.
Honesty.
Be honest to who you are from day one and what you want. You be honest in your
behavior from the very beginning and you will save yourself a lot of time. You will
date girls who want what you have and who feel same way and behave in a similar
fashion.
And you will say no very fast in beginning so you don't date someone who doesn't
want what you have and who doesn't behave in a simlar fashion.
Escalate in the beginning when approaching girls but respectably as part of the
conversation. Make it fun. Let go and just have fun. Don't try to hide your
intentions.
It be frustrating you and the girl.
In meeting her for dating, assume she is your girlfriend and lead, embrace, kiss
her on forehead, make her feel welcomed, at ease, don't be serious.
Lead and when opportunity arises, even in a cafe or corner of the street....kiss her.
13.7k Views · View Upvoters

Is it ok to let the girl go because I think somebody better than
me is out there for her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If that's what you're thinking then you got problems.
Low self conﬁdence
Insecurity problems
Low self image
It's your own insecurities playing a part now, rationalising your own fears. If I like

a woman, I am not going to think..
"Oh there must be someone better than me out there for her."
If you know what you want, you don't put yourself down and step aside, because
you think someone is better out there for her.
That's not what a girl wants in a guy.
She wants a man who is conﬁdent in himself and believes in himself. Don't think
that's love either. It's your own insecurities, own lack of self conﬁdence and self
image if you think that way.
If I know a woman I like, I will move hell and earth to approach her and ﬁnd a way
to date her, if it's possible. I will not walk away UNTIL she says no, rejects and
sorted.
Or if she plays hard to get, mind games, I'll walk away.
I'm not going to be some superﬁcial hero to feel better due to my own insecurities
and think I'm not good enough. I am good enough is what I'll be thinking.
I'm going to go for her, I'm going to approach her, I'm going to do whatever it
takes to make her see I'm the guy she wants. Now if it don't work out, I've done
my best and then I move on.
But no way will I ever make ANYTHING an excuse in stopping to approach her.
Nothing is going to stop me approaching her. Not her friends, not the crowd of
people in front of me, not her talking on her phone, or texting or any excuses that
come to my mind.
I'm going to approach her because I feel I believe anything great out there, is good
for me, and if what I hear is no, I've done what I can. That's the only control I
have.....to do my best, take action.
I'll never walk away from a woman I like. Not for anybody. Anybody else out there
is not my concern. What is, is approaching her.
273 Views · View Upvoters

Do women see boring guys as ugly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

They don't see boring guys as ugly. They see them as unattractive. This is very
diﬀerent.
Attraction is about getting the woman's attention, making her FEEL alive, and if a
guy is just boring, well, it doesn't stimulate her emotions. It doesn't get her to
want toto ﬁnd out more about the guy.
She can forget him easily.
You'll be just the same run of the mill guy like everyone else she meets, who bores
her stuﬀ with lame ass approaches, and who cannot be fun, exciting a little,
mysterious.
One of the things boring guys do is they lack immediate action. They don't take
action but stare, wait too long, and when it does happen, they are afraid to

escalate sexually, i.e. kiss, hold hands, and more later on privately.
It's like they are afraid of losing the girl, afraid it might oﬀend,
afraid....afraid....afraid..
Well most guys do not escalate, most guys haven't built a life that a woman can
see the man for who he is, most guys just talk to please, impress instead of attract
which is a diﬀerent thing altogether.
Personally I escalate way from the beginning because I know what I want and I
wll ﬁnd out if she got what I want from day one. If not, I move on fast, and not
orbit around her.
Helped me to not waste my time and hesitate too.
So it's not that boring guys are ugly, they just aren't attractive, they don't stand
out, they are not even a tiny bit exciting to be with. They don't lead or know how
to or...afraid to do so.
Not that doesn't mean all women want some exciting guy, or a fun cocky guy or a
guy who leads, who escalates fast. Some might want boring guys but from what I
gather, boring isn't working out for a lot of guys.
462 Views · View Upvoters

How do I communicate my feelings early on in the
date/relationship?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I have good news and bad news.

The bad news is.....you need to go to the custome shop, ﬁnd a hot sexy super girl
outﬁt, try to squeeze in, the way women try to ﬁt into really tight jeans. T
With your new custume you speed on to ﬁnd him and you give him the seductive
elite eye contact ﬁrst...

But something will happen. You ﬁnd out he is the son of Joker and you're heart
sinks because you both realise your fate is sealed. You cannot date each other
and....

Now the good news....
You won't have to do any of that.
Let's look what can happen out of desperation and clingyness...
You decide instead of being direct by ﬂirting, teasing, and getting him to ask you
out - you choose the friend option. After all, you rationalise that you will ﬁrst let
him get to know you, show you're personality.
Then when time is right, you will confess your feelings. He will surely have sense,
he will see you and fall for you because he knows you well, right?

The high probability he will say no. It will be too awkward, he gets emotional
support from being a friend and....everyone knows he has been hanging around
you and so, he doesn't want to seem desperate.
You know, then social status thing.
But also, it might click for him on why you even were friends with him and he'll
be disgusted. straight away say no.
Clingy - you spend time hanging around him, far too available, you follow him
around, you get nervous when he's around you, staring at him, texting him a lot,
phone alot, over anaylize his social medi activity.
Get jelous when other girls hang around him, tell him to not be friends with him
because blah blah.
You think he's the one, nothing on this planet like him - the Oneitis.
So now you know what desperate and clingy is.
We can be fair to assume, approaching a guy, ﬂirt, tease, get his number isn't
clingy and desperate.
We can say, "dress hot, look damn good, smile, put your phone in your bag, face
up, brush your hair aside, ﬂutter your eyes, make eye contact and say.........
Hi, I only got a second but I just wanted to say you're cute, what's your name?
The laugh at his lame jokes, smile, touch his arm while talking, show interest and
ask, "what do you do for fun?"
And you will know if he's into you too and if he isn't, be direct with him.
"I like to continue this conversation further, over a drink."
Like every guys doesn't that means, "I'm into you." But if you want to be more
direct because I'm a guy who likes a woman to be so then you can say....
"Look, I like you and I don't waste both of our time. Would you like to get together
over a drink and get to know each other."
If he says no, use your superpower and burn him to cinder (just joking).
Move on because any guy who plays hard to get, and really anyone, isn't worth
your time.
He cannot reject you because he doesn't really know you, who you are, and all
that can be known when someone imtimately gets to know you.
He is showing that he hasn't got what you want.
Always approach in a mindset of..
1. To ﬁnd out if I really want to date this guy
2. Has he got what I want. That he is into me, got ok values, etc.
3. If not, thank goodness I found out. NEXT
142 Views

When is playing hard-to-get a bad choice? Do you agree or
disagree that playing hard-to-get works great for a man who
likes that, and works badly with ones who don’t?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

There have been relationships with women I have enjoyed gteatley and there
have been women who I left a really bade taste; and I stay well away from such
women.
The women I enjoyed dating and being in relationship with didn't play hard to
get. They were friendly, conﬁdent, kind and direct. Everytime a woman is direct
with me in her feelings and I don't mean confessing love and all that but to say
likes to date me, etc - is very attractive to me.
The ones who played hard to get really didn't bring much value into my value,
and especially in the beginning, it was too slow, it was too much back and forth,
and all that nonsense just got me to quit on them.
For them, they thought I wasn't persistent but to me, if they just took the time to
know me, they would have learnt I am so busy, with writing my books, my
illustrations, music production and even coaching other people when I have
some time as coaching. I'm busy.
So all this texting 5 days later, all this ignoring my phone calls for 10 days,
ignoring questions to not show who one is to act mysterious, and many other
tactics, only gets bored.
It only makes me lose interest.
So I just...STOP and...move on.
There have been women I really liked, but problem is they were playing hard to
get and it was such a shame, because I really wanted to get to know more but
because of playing hard to get, I couldn't.
Some men do this too.
I'm not saying men don't it but I cannot aﬀord to do this. I have such a huge
responsibiltiy with business startups, with creating products, with helping
communities which I love doing, in sharing knoiwledge, writing books and so
many things that I just got to let it go.
I wish, there was none of this playing hard to get.
I wish it was more direct but I ﬁnd I will never really get away from it but it
doesn't mean I am going to play hard to get either.
I don't believe in too easy. I believe guy interested, woman interested? Awesome,
let's rock and roll. I'm more direct, go getter, and let's move on and have fun, and
live.
Sure, it may work for some but for me. I'm not having any part of it. I don't have
the time.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

Why do I always love someone who does not love me back?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating

Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Why do I love a girl who doesn't love me back?

That's what desire is. It is the strong feeling of wanting to have something or
wishing for something to happen; and even if you know you might not be able to
get whatever you desire.
It is the need to be accepted, validated, approved by someone else. Most of the
time from someone who does not feel the same way and unwilling to recipocrate.
The fantasy continues to grow in one's mind until the desire changes direction
either by it being satisﬁed in reaching this goal, in which when it does it will
CHANGE direction again - or it ultimately changes direct to pursue someone else.
One must truly understand what love is and though there are many explainations
which I feel does not serve the purpose in a positive light, I ﬁnd this one which I
written long ago....
"To love one self. Who that loves themselves ﬁrst will love someone else who
doesn't love them back? Who loves themselves will spend time with someone
who won't spend time with them? Who? Self love is the lost property of man and
woman and until they love themselves, they shall be like moths.
Drawn to a light that serves no beneﬁt but dance in the light of fantasy. Always
ﬂying.....seeking for hope, until they tire themselves or to burn their wings. Love
yourself ﬁrst squander not your heart who do not desire it or can respect it."
4.3k Views · View Upvoters

My ex-girlfriend has a new boyfriend but still contacts me on a
regular basis. Part of me wants her back, another wants to
move on. What should I do?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to be frank here and say, she is with her boyfriend and you are being
used, like an emotional support. A carrot being dangled so when it doesn't work
out with her boyfriend, she can easily run back to you.
That is why you are still keeping the connection open, being available, when
really - you need to move on.
The only reason you are not, is you're STILL emotionally investing time, money
and emotions in a woman who is not with you, and you need to send a message
that YOU HAVE moved on.
Both of you are feeding into this void for emotional support and it feels great for
the ego but it also draining too.
You want to know what to do?
Cut that string which th carrot is being dangling on for sometime, and no more
contact with her. You do not entertain her with talk, phone calls, texting.
And you start focusing on your life and approach women and get yourself back on
your feet.
Think for a moment the message you are sending to her and the behavior that it
is demonstrating to her. That you are desperate, clingy, have no options and lack
self respect.

It's time to move on mate.
She has a man already, you two shouldn't be spending time conversing that much
and certaintly not when you got feelings for her, and habe this desire to have her
back. You need to as a man to lead.
Lead and say no more to this and focus on your life.
Yes, it will be diﬃcult but she's got a boyfriend, and you know this and she knows
this. You know why you're really doing this.
It has noting to do with friendship.
Yes, I could be logical and say...
Why would you wish that on anyone mate, especially guy she is with. He's done
nothing to you. Would you like your girlfriend do that? Take a lot of time talking
to her ex?
I doubt any man with sense will and any who does, has got some issues to not
have self respect to walk away from such a girl.
But we know it has nothing to do with logic but rather emotions.
It is to do with the hope of.....getting her back and the fear of starting again, and
having to leave your comfort zone to do so.
Move on.
55.9k Views · View Upvoters

She gave me her number but when I call she's ignoring my
calls.. she comes up with some lame excuses.. what must I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I wish you added more in the detals because I don't know how you met, what
happened before she gave you the number as this is very important.
However, let me explain what might have happened.
A phone number is not a date.
Most women do not like saying no. They have been approached before and by
guys who cannot take a no. So the brain kicks in with a knee jerk reaction in avoid
conﬂict, awkwardiness.
Now this don't happen to all women by the way. Some women will say, no, they
not interested but I rarely ﬁnd this to be the case. That's where the word 'ﬂakes' in
a sense orginated from.
Women who give you their number but don't answer you call and who say they'll
meet up and don't, or they don't try to meet up and give excuses.
Second, the approach is very important stage, so if you immediately after
opening her, you got her number without adding some comfort, like..
"Look what are you doing now?"
"I was just doing some shopping."
"Great. Look, I only got a 5-10 mins before I meet friends. Let's have a cup of

coﬀee right now, and I'll bring you right back to the spot. I'm not that great when
it comes to shopping.
And so, there is time in a sense to get to know, build comfort, and create a bridge
which the person wants to see you. You see if this is the person you want to date
and if she is really into you too. You then get exchange number and even decide
when to meet again if possible right there and then.
I have found this decreases the ﬂakes, the excuses, not getting a call back or any
response.
From what I see, you need to move on.
She is not showing interest and to chase her, will only make it worse for you.
If you see her again, don't be upset, ignore her or make it a big deal. Instead, be
pleasant, talk and move on.
I won't keep pushing with her but whenever you see her, get to know her but don't
spend too much time - and do not make her a priority.e
26 Views · View Upvoters

Is telling your friend he will ﬁnd someone great eventually
because he is so amazing, a good way to let him know in a
subtle way you think he is great/like him?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No. If you like someone, you don't need to confess feelings like love and all that
BUT you do need to be direct to show you're interested in the person.
Here's what you don't do..
1. Do not talk about how you like someone you met to impress this person to
make them feel jelous, so he shows interest. I had women do that and so I
distanced myself because, well, if she's into someone else, ok then....I am not
going to waste my time then.
Then months later I ﬁnd from their friends they were interested. Well, it's a dumb
move then cause what's the use of telling me she's into someone else, how he
gave her the number and think I'm going to see it as she is into me. I don't know
where people get this nonsense from.
Probably from some pick up dumb advise or magazines.
2. Don't say to the person you think they will eventually ﬁnd someone awesome.
I've had women do this too, and again...I thought, "Right, so she's not interested
in me. Ok then. I'm moving on."
Then I move on and date someone else, because I am a conﬁdent guy, I am coccky
type, approach women, not worried about rejections and most that people are
and well, dated someone else.
She found out and got real upset and started to ignore me even when I saw her
one day in city centre. I thought, 'huh? strange. Maybe she had a bad day.'
To ﬁnd out later, from one of her friends...
'I thought you'd be going out with (her friends name)."

I'm like, 'what the hell? Why say things you don't want to happen? Why?'
One example that worked....
I was walking through the fair and one woman approached me and said..
'Hi, I know this is a bit forward and I don't do this often but I like you and
wondered if you'd like to have coﬀee?"
Me - You know, it is very rare to see such conﬁdence in a woman. It's very
attractive. Yes I would like to get to know you better. What's your number.
And we exchanged number.
There was no subtle messages, no games, and we did meet up, dated for a time
and while it lasted it was great. She was an overseas medical student from
American. Learnt a lot from her, very smart, intelligent, but also clumsy and I
loved that about her.
Her honest was so attractive to me that I was compelled to want to know her. I
love honesty. I really do. I don't know why people hide this like it's going to oﬀend
someone but I think it is due to putting someone on a pedestal, fear of loss,
rejection.
If she was subtle, if she wasn't direct, I doubt I'd even know and I doubt anything
would have happened but I admired her a lot for her courage, for going for what
she wants and most of all...honesty!
Honesty is what it showed to me and this is sexy, attractive and just got my heart
pounding for more. It saves so much time, we can get down to it, yes or no, and if
yes, we gave fun right now, and go for it.
436 Views · View Upvoters

Why does rejection feel so humiliating?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 18, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When we see a job for 50k and we don't apply, what is the reason?
When we do apply for a job and answer is no, why do we feel rejected?
When we approach someone we like, and they reject, why do we feel humilated or
hurt?
The reason we will feel this way is because like everyone else - we take it personal
rather instead of understanding, what this company has, what this person has got
- hasn't got what we want.
And along the way we learn to correct our behavior with understanding the other
side of the story from the company and another human being; and become
masters in social dynamics.
In other words...
- We don't confess intimate feelings but see if the person got what we want.
- We screen out by only sharing as litle information as possible
- We don't emotionally invest and be able to move on faster

- And we get to where we want to go and to whom has got what we want
- And to whom wants what we got
Because....
The longer we invest, the more it might hurt.
But what is happening beyong what we see?
What I'm going to share didn't come easy but comes from years of experience and
trying to understand myself and become strong, wiser and hope it can provider
answers to many questions I have had but no one really could answer.
What is it that's making rejection so hard and why do we do not approach
immediately like we're badass ninja's who can move on?
It is because we are mind with body.
I'm not a psychologist but I have for years invested knowledge, time to learn in a
way that I can explain so many things in my life. From the part of why people
play games to why do people who say they don't play games and yet do, and do so
unconcisously?
Why someone acts like a predators, dates someone, marry and plans a seriess
event to cheat and marry someone's best friend?
Why being nice, gentleman means nothing when it comes to attracting the
opposite sex? Why customers buy and why they don't? Why habits are so strong
and tenacious? How can I ever change my life and win over these habits and to
help many people I see in my life that want answers to these questions?
To even how to get to earn a lot more and achieve success in the manner I want faster and learn faster in doing so?
I learnt that.....
The brain primary function is to help us to.....survive.
It will work to help us to avoid pain, discomfort, stress but the repercession can
mean more stress, alarm bells ringing in our head for us to behave in a certain
way.
Which then brought me another question....
What are the implications of not getting a rejection and if I don't approach, is
avoiding rejection actually prevents me from growing?
I discovered avoding rejection stumps our growth, we don't grow to learn, correct
our behavior not just in dating but in everyday things in life like applying for jobs,
developing a fantastic career, building a thriving community and social network.
That the pain is not as great as the rewards from learning we get from rejection.
That I shouldn't take it personally and nor should the person either - and if they
do and go "OOoh I wish they didn't tell me," well sorry.
I WILL approach and say what I need to say but....I will do it in a way that I give as
little information as possible, with less emotional investment so I can walk away
faster and the person isn't hit with too much awkwardiness.

To Understand Rejection Let's Go Way Back
Before the modern world, the cities, technology, we as human beings knew being
ostracised, to get a no to join a social group and even be part of another person's
life meant....death.
It meant surviving in a world that is ﬁlled with predators and not just animals but
human being predators.
It also meant, if we got a no - this tribe knows we exist and they might be
threatened by the existence. They might hunt us down. They night prevent us to
hunt in a certain area because they know we exist.
They might plan and plot against us.
And This Hasn't Changed In The Modern world...
2. In years to come, even with all the evoltion we have been through as human
beings - the brain still acts in the same way.
It is wired to alert us what may happen if we get rejected. In modern world today
it is not death but still about feelings, emotions. It's still about feeling rejected,
not part of someone's tribe, someone's life even as a friend.
They now know our intentions. We might get ostracised,judged, labelled, pointed
at and even ignored.
That this person will ostracise the person by not wanting to associate when he or
she ﬁnds out due to us confessing our feelings.
He/she might talk to their tribe that - that so, so approached and confessed their
feelings to him/her.
The More We Wait - We Emotionally Invest....
The greater the risk i.e. approaching someone in a working environment, in a
school, in a college, or with someone who knows a lot of people, the greater the
fear, the stronger the warnings the brain gives.
The longer we wait to approach or to not move on the more emotional investment
we have given to someone who might or may not recipocrate.
On top of all this - we are social beings and so, anything that's going to keep us
away from surviving, from getting that emotional feeling we desire, whether it is
belonging, acceptance, being loved is going to hurt.
And a person will fear it so because there is also another factor at play I have seen
many times in people's lives who are not socially savvy, have stayed in the
comfort zone.
They lack resources.
If a person had 20 people interested in them, they are not going to worry about
how one person says no.
But due to the lack of resources, then there is the feeling of scarecity, and this
triggers all kinds of behaviour..

- Desperation
- Neediness
- Clingyness
- Lack of rationalising
- Confessing and giving far too much information to someone else
- Desire to be accepted, validaed, increases
You will see someone texting lots to ONE person they like, and investing so much
time and yet the other person hasn't really recipocrated.
One can say they shy, introvert and that is why the response is little or nothing. I
personally have no time for anyone who likes to deﬁne themselves and limit
themselves with these words.
Either one is intersted and shows it or....I move on.
The Implications Of Living Without Rejections
When we do not approach.....we do not learn to correct our behavior and become
socially savvy - which is then past on to the genes of the tribe they will one day
create >>> their own children and next generation.
It impacts every area in our life.
If you're a sales person, you won't make many sales because you won't learn
much. You don't too long on one prospect who is dilly dallying.
If you're a job seeker, you will avoid the big jobs, because you feel unworthy and
go for the small ones and complain, why you haven't got money, why economy is
this way and that way.
If you're wanting to date someone, you'll not have the wealth of experience, the
skills, and even the large social group because you'd either say you're shy,
introvert or let fear prevent you take action faster.
To learn what someone else who is succeeding will take you years when it takes
the person succeeding in a few months.
Rejection is humilation because of the mindset we have.
- We don't think, "I am going to ﬁnd out if he/she has what I want."
- I am going to ﬁnd out if they feel same way
- If the person don't - AWESOME. I found out what I need to know
And we move on very fast.
We do it by givin as little information as possible because that person does not
qualify for anymore information on how we feel
You would know this, if you learnt to fail more, get rejection more, instead of
waiting......waiting.....waiting....orbiting around one person, like this person is
only person on this planet and fantasizing all sorts of roles in your head and life
with them.
2k Views · View Upvoters

How would you tell your girlfriend or wife to lose weight just to
look more attractive?

Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 26, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you're not in a relationship then you must know your core values, i.e. you're
preferences and follow them. Don't date a woman and then try and change her.
So if you want a woman looks areobic ﬁt then date a woman who does areobics
and passionate about it or whatever sports she does.
Second, if in a relation, I did it this way...
I was dating a girl from Hungary and she gained weight. I never said a word to her
about losing weight. I was inspired to go training due to a friend who went to gym
for 2 years and looked damn good.
I wanted the same.
I went to gym. I enrolled. I went 4 times a week and 8 months later, she saw the
change in me. My attitude grew very postive, smiling more, energetic. She saw
me disciplined, getting in morning, eating well, milk shakes and all that.
She saw my ﬁtness magazines and that I was excited about my training program.
I was doing lots of situps at home when I'm not in the gym.
Then one day, I came home and I saw her in her tracksuit, smiling her head oﬀ
and..
"I'm going to the gym and I'm gong to beat your ass with situps too."
Me - "Oooh you're challenging me. Ok, it's a deal."
For me though, when we were in a relationship, I didn't care. I fell for her, her
crazy, bubble, quirky personality. I always saw her even when she put weight on.
It was she who was conscious about it but for me, I didn't care.
If I wanted to date an athelete or a woman of certain type, I would have but her
pickup line was awesome.
To frighten the living daylights out of me with a large hard death kill bowling ball.
She threw the ball on my lane and missed me by a few inches. Very original :D
4.4k Views · View Upvoters

Which is more important at the age of 19, love or studies?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views
Originally Answered: Which is more important for a person when he is at young age: girlfriend or
work/study?

I'm diﬀerent to what I was when I was in school. The one thing I didn't think
about is study and work and that's even in college. For me, girls was more
important to me and work was, well, wasn't work for me. It was doing something I
love to do and I did it well without having to study.
Now if I was going to be doctor or engineer, well, then study is what I needed to
do but I'm a creative guy, into music, art, creating my own things and
yes...women.
This has never changed and it never will.
The only thing that has changed is when I was at a very young age, I put girls as
my priority and I approached tons of girls, had fun, got tons of rejection, had

many yes, learnt many things BUT when I got older, purpose became higher than
girlfriends, relationship.
It helped greately because even for example - if a relationship didn't work out, I'm
not going to cry over it, wonder why, and rip my heart out and say, "why me, how
do I get my ex back."
One - because I've took risks, I made lots of mistakes with girls/women and so I've
matured greatly. I can now easily approach many women in day and week non
stop and conﬁdently do so. I don't take rejection personally.
Secondly, purpose......doing my own thing makes me excited and I am ok being
alone. I don't need to be in a relationship with a woman to be happy. I'm happy as
it is without dating and being in a relationship.
While most people may be unhappy being alone, I am an artist, I like being alone
too and always busy creating, traveling world, doing my own thing.
So yes, when I was young, it was girlfriend, sex, music, but as I got older it is still
the same except it is secondary to my purpose in life.
1k Views · View Upvoters

I've been crushing on this guy for 4 yrs and now we're in
college, I'm a girl should I confess that I Like him? I fear
rejection
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If you fear rejection then it probably because you're putting the guy on a pedestal
and think he's too good for you.
Ask yourself, "what is the worse that can happen?"
He says no. Will your life end? Will the world end? Life goes on. He might ignore
you. He might not say anything back. He might feel awkward being your friend.
You've gone through tougher things in life than this, I'm sure, and I bet you can
handle this too.
Yes, it is natural to avoid pain, to avoid getting hurt, to avoid going out of our
comfort zone. After all the primary function of our brain is survival and survival
also means protecting you from....stress....discomfort.
This is your brain interferring and narrating lots of stories in your head. Telling
you why you shouldn't, and what can happen when it is not based on facts but
assumptions.
It tells you of the future, not just the pain you might get but the implications too
but all these are but assumptions until you try.
But let us then look at what happens if you don't take action, to ﬂirt, tease, create
attraction with him
1. You will always be haunting by not taking action
2. You will regret taking the action
3. You will one day look back and think, "if only I did..."
Instead of focusing on the fear, the stories narrating in your mind, focus in
getting to know the guy. Just have fun with him, tease, approach, ﬂirt and go for

it.
The key is....do you like this guy? Are you attracted to him.
Is your attraction to him greater than the fear and any implications if it doesn't
happen?
If yes....
Then the moment you see him, don't wait. Just go to him before you start letting
your mind tell all sorts of reasons on why you shouldn't.
Because if you don't, well, you'll never know what could have happened and
that's something you don't want to carry on your shoulders.
Believe me, it stays with you for a very long time.
146 Views

What is the most creative way to ask a girl to be your girlfriend?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Interesting. I have never asked a girl to be my girlfriend. Instead I let my behavior
dictate it. I get many will say tell how you feel, tell her if she wants to be your
girlfriend.
That's what ﬂirting, teasing, escalation, body language is for.
Maybe if one is a teen, sure, because we don't know better then but as time goes
by, all that ﬂuﬀ, all that "what do I say, how to make it oﬃcial" is removed to more
honest, down to earth, just doing it.
So from age of 20 years and now, I've never asked a girl to be my girlfriend, nor
asked meekly for permission "want to be my girlfriend."
Instead, you lead, you show in behavior from day one, you meet on date and kiss,
escalate from day one, and behave as a man, leading. She'll get the message if you
are congruent to who you are and your feelings.
The only reason why confusion happens between a girl not knowing where she
stands and a guy not knowing if she's interested is both are not congruent to who
they are, playing signals, dancing around the issue instead of behaving as
boyfriend and girlfriend.
From the very begining, even with approach a woman, I escalate, because it is
congruent to who I am. I'm cocky, fun, sexual guy and that's what I want to
attract. It is obvious then from day one what my intention is.
Some women will run, some will be curious and some will think, "Oh yes, I'm in."
But no matter what from begining it's about being clear of what you want and
showing it in your behaviour immediately.
So when the dating does happen, what you do i.e. smiling, kissing her on
forehead, or cheek, or lips, embracing her isn't something she is startled about.
She knows, this is.....you.
It is congruent to who you are from day one.

So don't ask, lead.
11.9k Views · View Upvoters

I told her I like her and she said she don't know how to reply
me?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Updated Oct 20, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I remember, when I was inexperienced, I would confess my feelings to a girl. That
was years ago and through some years I learnt a great deal.
I don't mean to be harsh. I'm just explain has it is and from past experiences.
Your approachd doesn't allow the her to feel anything. Except awkwardiness. You
left it to her to......lead and unfortunately, when you do that, MOST not all, but
most girls/women don't know what to do.
What you needed to do ﬁrst, ﬂirt, tease, be fun and with it show your personality.
In doing so it removes awkwardness and it makes it fun for her to interact with
you.
Instead of confessing how you like her and have it lead to nowhere. That's like me
walking up a woman in street and say, "Hey I like you," and just stand there and
wait....for a response.
She's just look at me awkwardly and walk oﬀ.
Here's the thing, we plan for holidays, we plan for career, we plan for business,
and yet, when it comes to dating, we don't think..
"OK, when I do this - what's next?"
I even know what barriars will come up and know how to deal with them. It
comes from experience. I didn't learn from books but from many experiences and
of course, much of what I used to know and what people would say - in reality
isn't the way.
You didn't ﬂirt with her. You didn't tease her. You didn't ﬁrst show why she
should be interested in you.
You didn't lead a conversation to bridge to something that might be happening,
Planning an idea to go to such an event, a place, an experience, nor a telephone
number....nothing.
Just, "I like you" or whatever you said to confess your feelings.
As years went by I learnt to not show my aﬀection in the beginning because this
is not the time to show such feelings. Yes, many people show aﬀection and many
will say do it but from experience, it doesn't work that way.
This is a time to ignite attraction, to be fun, to make her FEEL alive, and desire
you, to want to know you, to be curious, to know you got standards too and to
think...
"I so want to ﬁnd out more about this guy."
So attraction ﬁrst. Later after dating and all that comes with it, from building
comfort, trust, commonalities and showing aﬀection. After she has emotionally

invested, shown interest and in many ways than just walking holding hands and
kissing.
I have a friend, she is very attractive and she has guys approaching her, and they
get all serious in beginning. They get all up on her face about feelings for her. One
guy who she dated, whose attractive, got all sorts going for him in his life met her
once.
He started confessing his feelings, and complimenting a dozen times and even
breaking down, crying, confessing his problems, showing aﬀection.
Fair to say, she never wanted to see him again.
Now, I'm not saying give up but you need to know how to behave in an attractive
manner and know how to lead. Rather than leaving it for her to feel awkward,
wondering what to say.
Learn, read up, invest in knowledge about dating psychology, associate with guys
who are experienced, and take the good and leave the bad. Be prepared and know
what you're doing.
That doesn't man it gets you a yes everytime or even from her - but it does mean,
when you approach again with her or someone else......you know what you're
doing.
You're approach was awkward.
Even if she isn't or is interested. It's awkward, it's not helping you if you do it
again like that with other women.
84 Views

How do I ﬁnd rave buddies?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It starts with yourself. You see it ain't happening right, so you then might be the
friend people want to hang around with.
The key is when you do something that works, never let it go. Do the same thing
again wherever you are.
For example....
I use to move a lot because of what I do and so I found myself in a new city. No
friends in this new city BUT I learnt one thing and I never let it go. I do the same
thing I did elsewhere.
I go out, go to nightclubs, festivals, music events, raves, whatever I am into, like I
did before and in doing so, I'd see a group of people and crash in, creating
conversation, getting to know them.
I'd do same wherever I am going - in being proactive to get in there and not be
intimidated by crowd of people. You'll ﬁnd you'll make some friends. It won't
work straight away but in time, you'll ﬁnd yourself connecting with groups of
people OR one person who leads you to lots of friends.
That's what I did and always do and it works.

Forget movies. That's you sitting on your butt and watching a screen. You need to
go where people are moving, talking, having fun, so you can mingle with them.
You need to go out, create lots of trees, i.e. groups, here and there, and
everywhere so you're not controlled by what one group does but rather, you can
move in and out of many social circle groups you create.
This is the fundementals of social dynamics.
Oh yes, before I forget - if I was in a place where there are no party scene, I created
one. Be the guy to go to, the fun guy, the one who makes it happen at the
Campus.
Get to know people who feel the same way. Get some ﬂyers done about you want
to do a party and looking for others who want to have fun, a rave, and word will
soon go out. Get the girls involved too.
Use inﬂuence, motivation..
"it will make you look so cool, popular."
"Man, the guys will love you, you'll stand out from all the other girls."
Find out what makes them tick and use it and shine light on them always when
party is done, let everyone know who helped, so they want to help you again and
again cause it makes them FEEL good.
People do things because of feeling and so, you got to be that guy with the great
vibe, the party guy, the guy who gets things done.
Just because it's dry, and nothing much happening, doesn't mean you go along
with it.
Make it happen.
1.2k Views

My teenage daughter texted her boyfriend and called him
"sexy". He sent back a heart. How should I punish her?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know something. I was one lucky guy. You see, I had parents who thought of
punish...punish....punish. So in the end, I couldn't really say anything especially
when coming from a strict religiouns family.
Did that stop me?
Of course not but you see, I was so damn lucky because none of the girls got
pregnant. Probably because their parents weren't punishing them for their
sexuality and educating them.
But for myself, at the age of 16 years old, I had no idea about precautions, what
sex does, even about babies, would you believe. I was hidden but momebt I
became 16 years old, I became known as the badboy in school, college, and was
the one throwing every damn big party, and having fun, going out often and
sex...sex...sex.
I was lucky and so were the girls who were more responsible than me. I didn't
know about condoms, pills, and all that. I didn't even know I was feeling that way

and why I am a sexually high driven type of young guy and I am still today, and I
am over 40.
The only way I found out wasn't by education in school. It wasn't education in
college. It wasn't education from religion or clerks who called me back then, "the
devil recarnated" LOL instead of helping out, explainging, teaching they judged.
It wasn't education from parents or community.
I had to learn for myself. I began reading up, and I was like..
"WHOA! I could have got any girl pregnant!!!!"
The moment I learnt, was the moment I carried condoms, and did check up and
was all ﬁne.
But what angers me is this....
I wish I knew because I could have ruined, destroyed any of these girls lives by
my irresponsibility, by my ignorance, by me not knowing.
Every stop, from TV, Radio, Books in school, teachers, parents, and NONE
educated about sex. None! I had all these stops, these stations, platforms and no
one who knew I was out there, dating lots of girls and women age age 15, 16, and
so on.
All there was is fear. Nothing but educating fear which didn't do much good
becase most of us at that age rebelled back.
I had many questions but I couldn't walk up to adults.
All they had in their mind was judgment, punishment.
I was walking and two girls wolf whistled and I remember walking with my dad as
a teen. My dad went berserk...with me.
I didn't do anything but there we go. Anything sexual and it's drama, punishment
and how I am a devil, a this and that.
So I believe, punishment isn't the way.
Instead education is. Education in a way that is calm, that shows the beneﬁts of
why, and even educations how with sex, and protection with sex.
She's going to have sex. If you go nuts with her about it, it only pushes and rebels
against you and will do it even more.
Best to educate. Bring child closer than pushing them away. Let them know they
can talk, be open, ask for help.
I know I couldn't. I knew if I did, it be drama.
184 Views · View Upvoters

I would like to begin dating again after 10 years and am a total
beginner again. How do I begin? Can I tell someone I haven't
been with anyone for that long?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Anything negative about past relationship and anything regarding "I have been
alone for 10 years" does not need to be said. Keep it up beat and do not say much
about yourself until later on.
This is about her, the woman and not logic.
I would advise the following...
1. First know what type of woman you want. In knowing this, it will help you
when time comes to get to know her, to know what questions to ask, and
statements to use. It helps you to qualify to know if she is for you when she talks
and when she behaves in a certain way with you.
2. Take care of grooming. I cannot stress this enough. Look your best at all times,
as opportunity arises when you least expect it. Hit the gym if you need to get
sorted with your body and eat good diet, keep away from junk.
Older guys look creepy because they do not dress well, grooming is terrible and
that doesn't need to be the case. Look damn good always and walk like you're
going somewhere not predator style.
3. Go out often, and start with ﬁrst getting good at approaching, i.e. striking a
conversation with women without the need of anything. This will help you to not
worry what to say and the BIGGER picture. You don't need to worry about the
bigger picture on what happens next and so forth.
First get use to going out and striking conversation with women. Whether you're
picking some fruit and women next to you, use anything...
"Excuse, what would you cook this with?"
Or you're walking and you see a woman and...
"Excuse me, I only got a minute. Was going to the bank and I just saw you and
wanted to ask, how on earth do you balance yourself on these high heels, because
I've seen woman do that and can't keep composed as you do. Did you do any
drama classes?" Smile.
You see I compliment but it's not desperate.
It is as simple as that. Just start simple, basic, get use to the approaching, the
opener. Use what you see, and do it for nothing else but to give sincere
compliment and walk away.
The idea is you ﬁrst get use to approach and opening. That is it for now to get
conﬁdent and in mometumn. Forget everything else.
And if you ask, "but what if she likes me, really likes me and I don't know what to
do next."
Ask for number and she will help because she's curious and interested. But for
now focus on the ﬁrst steps.
3. Don't be serious, be fun but not like some kid. You got a lot going for you.
You're 40, you have experience in life, stability value etc. In beginning it's not
about serious conversations and tons of questions but really, making a woman
feel alive.

And don't be too nice, nor be needy, chasing, but having self respect for yourself.,
Don't be afraid to pull up woman who treat you in a certain way but make it fun,
like it didn't bug you.
4. Invest in woman psychology regarding dating. This is really important as you
will get rid of so many myths come from social conditioning, mainstream
nonsense. Seriously, read up and get to know the mind of woman. It's wonderful,
it's amazing and if you are sincere, you can make her feel alive because you
connect with understanding of what they have to face, and know the barriars
they face and can use these to strike conversations and lower barriar for her to see
your personality.
5. Read women magazines.
Look at whatever they are into. Look at the topics, the stories which all can give
you a lot of conversation information to use. I have done this and it's so much fun
because they get so surprised I know this stuﬀ and it becomes an amazing
enriching conversation that is fun, emotionally entertaining and she can't forget
it.
I can then use this as a call back humour when I do text or call. Always bringing
her back the fun exciting moment we met to raise the state to a higher level again.
So take interest in woman, in what they into and not in a judgemental way but in
a way to really want to know, to enrich their life, show you're a worldly man, and
in the know.
6. Find Support, Dating coach
Now I can share more but I feel, you need to ﬁrst start approaching and talking to
women. Just get use to this without need of thinking about where it will lead, the
phone number and all that.
There are plenty of resources online, many forums of guys similar age, in your
situation who are doing great.
Google (love system dating forum)
That's just one and plenty of them but I like this one as it really is about making a
connection, developing yourself and it is very practical. No tricks but very real.
I'd probably even hire one of their dating coaches who will go out with you and do
it themselves, and watch you as do it to help you know what to make better.
I hope this helps. I specialise in this but I am so fully booked for 6 months but I
don't mind sharing where you can get help from others.
Don't worry about age, if any bittnerness, let go of them. If any bad experience in
past, let it go. You just need guidance, help and practical steps. Deﬁnitely a dating
coach so see the forum I have mentioned.
353 Views

How do you let love come to you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

"Why will I be waiting for love to come to me, when I am love?"
When someone loves themselves then he will do the best for himself, live a life of
purpose, go out, mingle, meet tons of people, achieveing success and due to

his/her love having exposure - - someone sees it and feels...
"I WANT SOME OF THAT! WHO IS THIS GUY/GIRL"
Let me share something with you...
While so many guys asking how to attract woman, I'm doing my own thing, and I
walk on stage, sing, have a laugh and EVERYTIME, without fail, a woman walks
up to say hello.
Love yourself, instead of thinking you have to wait for it. It's in you, and in loving
yourself, you want the best for yourself. In wanting the best for yourself, you
LIVE, and do all in your power to do amazing things in your life which impacts
lives who feel your love.
And someone will connect with the love you already got and want to be touched
by it.
Some will be like vistors, some like tenants, but there is one who will become
connected with you and you with them.
So love yourself and live big.
229 Views · View Upvoters

Do inexperienced guys like to play hard to get?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 17, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

When I was inexperienced, I didn't play hard to get. Even when I'm experienced, I
don't play hard to get. What I do, is I'm always leading, and if I am not getting the
response I desire, I give some chances but then if still nothing.....if woman shows
no interest, I move on.
178 Views

What to Say: How do you respond, when the ﬁrst thing someone
you meet after a long time says is- oh! You've become so dark/
thin/ fat/ ugly etc before saying a hi, how are you?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Updated Oct 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Guy/woman- You look thin/fat, dark/ugly
Adam - Why thank you! I do look good don't I? I was looking in mirror today and
thought, 'Adam, you devil, you look amazing, good looking, awesome, fabalous,
that if I was a woman, I'd ask you to marry me!. It's good to see you too. Have a
nice day and great to see you have an awesome attitude. (walk away)
Guy/woman - ???
it's not what happens to us - it's how we react.
I always exaggerate the negative back with positive. Person don't know what to do
- as I walk away grinning from ear to ear.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I try to start up or accept the Amazon oﬀer?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If I had an idea, but I haven't much experience in business, sales, and still need a
lot to learn - adding the challenge of ﬁnance, and customer base willing to

pay....I'd do the following...
1. Accept Amazon because they have the experience, the force, the money. It will
accelerate speed (I hope) than having to do it myself. It doesn't mean I won't work
my butt oﬀ but it does mean much of my worries have been taken care of and
now the time to....
2.L learn more from those who have done it - to gain much more experience in
running a business, develop a solid business model in mind for the future.
3. I'd use the opportunity to learn more about the sales, marketing side as it
happens right in front of my eyes.
4. I'd tap into the wealth of expertise knowledge.
5. And if ever I have another idea, which I deﬁnitely will, I'll have a better chance,
with capital, probably investment, contacts, experience and the conﬁdence to
know I CAN do it without wondering if I need to accept Amazons oﬀer or not.
Whatever you do, I hope the best for you and it works out wonderful for you and
your future; and impacts the lives of people in this world.
I always love hearing news like this and knowing there are people still creating
ideas and successfully getting interest from the likes of Amazon.
So bravo for such an achievement.
692 Views · View Upvoters

I am an artist with a creation that I believe is a million dollar
idea. The problem is I don't know how to get it oﬀ the ground.
How do I capitalize on it?
Adam Taha, Self development for dream makers
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Why not work with a comic artist who isn't that known and is working on their
own, and have an growing audience. Partner with them so you do characters from
their comiv which won't get you into trouble. You can then use videos do like
animation to promote, make awesome story.
62 Views

What is your artistic process?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to answer as I share some images of my work as it can help with what
I'm saying too...

My process starts with meaning behing my expression but also a business straegy
too. I look at where I am going in life which took a long time because as a creative
person, I have other diverse skills.
So I think of the bigger picture in a more marketing and strategy sense, and I had
to acquire knowledge and expertise skills outside out like marketing, online
marketing techniques, PR. The reason is I saw many artists struggle in bridging
the gap with their work, proﬁtability and building a system of their own than
relying on far too many third party online and oﬄine platforms.

The question always on my mind is...
"Is it good for people? Is it beneﬁcial for the people I'm aiming at? Can it inspire,
help change their lives?" Which come from a deep meaningful purpose, vision
and my core values too - and help in a way that is fun, creative, using art, story
telling in diﬀerent formats.

My motivation from the very beginning is doing my own thing, doing it for the
feeling and connect it to my greater purpose - the desire to ﬁnd solutions to
people-related issues. People who are like me, an artist and people who want to
pursue their own path, have talent, skill but don't know how.
All this took years of reﬂection, changes in myself which I see as art in itself.
Transforming, moulding, creating myself into becoming what I need to be to
succeed in the purpose and vision I want to achieve.
I have spent my time testing online which solution to focus on the most. I've built
partnerships, I've met many artists, listened to them, and did more research to
help for the winning strategy.
Which now leads to the art process.
Bearing in mind what I have mentioned because it all pilots me with clarity,
direction, helps ideas ﬂow so easily, eﬀortless every minute of the day.
1. I have the story, written and now I do the artwork for it's book. At this stage it is
crazy because I am collecting references, and sketching many pieces for the
characters. I use pencil, sometimes just a biro pen on paper.
I am working on the cover of the back but also getting all the characters down on
paper.

2. When I have got all the pieces together and now put them together reﬂecting
the diﬀerent personalities of people, and each character has their name, lifestyle,
desires, fears, hopes, challenges, inﬂuences, the story, the pain, challenges and
the overcoming....

3. I begin to ﬂesh out each character for the story line. I redraw using ink. Then I
work over the ink on paper, and if I like, I move to using digital means i.e.
Photoshop.
Each story will have diﬀerent characters and so I bring them to life. Each one
going through the same process. Sketch, the ink, watercolour. I like? Move to
digital, scan and get to work....

4. I keep going until I have the illustration for the book done and I use my
copywriting skills, and research to add the words.

5. Each new story in the book has a "dominate" and I take this character and
begin work in bring him or her to life. But also, this becomes another new product

where I will send to companies who print digital work on Canvas.
I go through the same process.
I work backwards. The background ﬁrst. Then work foreground and then on the
character. For the next 4 days I am working on getting main characters sorted for
each chapter opening of the book and some more illustrations...

The product doesn't lead anything nor does the artwork.
It is the purpose, the meaning behind and that's even before the idea. The
purpose and the vision helps me with new ideas, strategy and what is going to
happen. The meaning brought other people to also work with me and who
believed in what I'm doing.
The purpose, the strategy will leads the website which is being designed as a
marketing sales machine and not just a static website. Friendly, with a story
telling way which makes sense to the audience and the characters.
So I start with the bigger picture and I see strategy, marketing, vision as art too.
An expression that happens in the mind, the heart of an artist and it pilots me to
plan the business and marketing side of things.
I know you wanted to know the art process but if I left the initial stage, it won't
really show the bigger picture on why I am doing it in this way and won't do
justice to your question.
599 Views · View Upvoters

What do you tell a girl when she asks "why do you like me?"
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Girl - why do you like me
Translated....
"Why haven't you made a move. Am I not attractive to you? Are you congruent to
who you say you are and with being with me?
Because you haven't made a move, asked me out, kissed me, or anything. So I'm
confused as to what are we and, what is it ALL ABOUT?"
17.6k Views · View Upvoters

My close friend thinks it's important to place distance in our
friendship since everyone keeps mocking us about it, and
teasing us about the other. (we are both girls, both NRIs and
both medical students) What do I do?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The only thing I see is people see something amazing with you both, great friends
and they wish they had it themselves but can't. So it makes THEM
uncomfortable.
It reminds them about their own medicore style of friendship.
It makes them jelous.

It makes them want what you have but they know they cannot have it due to the
very faction they have been DEFEATED by their own fears, own insecurities and
dumb down social conditioning taboos.
Probably guys who want to date you.
Probably girls envious of your being together as true friends and jelous.
Probably a lot of things but all of it comes from their insecurities.
When people see things that is not going to the way social "norm" is, then they
behave towards how society is pushed to move.
So you need to understand what is going and understand it isn't you or your
friend that is some problem here. It is these people with their own insecurities,
little minds and their own perception.
You two then need to decide to either follow what they desire you to do or stand
up for yourselves.
Or let it go, and communicate by phone, or meet away from the establishment until your studies are done but even then, such people will always be there in life,
interfering.
And there are times when you need to stand up and be counted.
That is your choice and you need to decide which is best for you.
I'm just a guy who believes in not following what society tells me and fearless
when it comes to doing what I want and not letting people interfere in my
business.
I wasn't always that way. I was a shy guy years ago but I learnt to be dominant in
nature, stand up for myself no matter who it is. It is not easy to do so in life.
There will many battles that will appear in your life.
Be smart in knowing which ones to choose because to ﬁght each one, will tire you
and just isn't productive.
Decide if this battle is worthy one to stand up for yourself or one that isn't.
Either way, it will take belief in yourself and courage to do so.
92 Views

I'm interested in moving to the UK. I'm a single black American
female and I have a child. My greatest concern about moving is
racism. Is there a lot of racism towards blacks and other
minorities in the UK?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Updated Feb 9, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I've updated the answer a bit more...
I've been living in UK since I was a teen. In 1980s, probably but that's when I was a
teenager and a lot of things back.

Back then it was skinheads... Some were badasses, some friendly when their
friends weren't around; always joking with me. I became great friends with some
of them...

I did have some racism back then, but it was most bullying in school and once
from adults when I was walking alone but not much.
Then there was the mods...

Mod is a subculture that began in 1960s England and later it spread to diﬀerent
countries around world. You hardly see them today, now very small scale. They
were focused on music and fashion.
Then there were the punks...

To the Rockers, which I was in..

And all sorts of gang groups such as the teddy boys and then in middle break
dancers.
In 1970s, when my dad came, man it was real bad for him. Big massive march
happened with Yemenis, cops ﬂying with clubs and all sorts.
Much of wasn't about racism but about class, poor, working class, upper class etc.
But then I saw a transformation.
It was getting real diverse. I even so mods marrying into black african
communities, punk friends marrying arabs, whites marrying arabs, pakistanis
marry white british, and it was happening.

As I grow older, I saw the change in such a big way, more about the class system
than anything else - North is better than South. I see now in London, where
frowning passionately in regards North and South, upperclass, lower class and on
and on.
I also began to see a diﬀerence in compassion.
I made many friends in England, from diﬀerent communities, many encouraged
me to do my own thing, many were friendly and it's a great time if you move to
England.
There will be some racism but even then, it's mild.
I haven't been confronted by it for years. A lot has changed in England there's
many communities now, diversity and lots of diﬀerent cultures. It's very diﬀerent
in USA. Diﬀerent mindset.
It is friendlier than when I came to England the ﬁrst time. It was rough back then,
but a lot has changed in England. I'm very grateful and blessed to come at such
an exciting time but then again...
Everyone at diﬀerent times will say, their time was more exciting :D

Welcome to UK. You'll love it here.
PS..
My thanks to Dan Knight for taking the time with giving suggestions for editing
the answer. Cheers!
11.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it possible to fall in love with someone in only 1-2 meetings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Yes, it is possible.
However, sometimes if you have experience in getting hurt a few times, it is
diﬃcult and you are more wiser to try to. Rather, you see things more rationally
than emotionally.
It depends what's in your memory, the experiences of past because even though
you may love someone, it doesn't mean you're going to do the same as you did
before.
I know I won't anyway but take my sweet time, covering all bases as possible,
before I even make the move. Learnt my lesson long ago about love and I do not
trust it when it comes to dating.
I'm more logical now and make sure to keep my emotions in check, as much as
possible.
373 Views · View Upvoters

I'm extremely shy. How can I get the conﬁdence to talk to and
introduce myself to people and groups of people?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Oct 16, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I like you to imagine conﬁdence in a practical sense than motivational mumbo
jumbo.
Imagine for a moment a surgeon. He has trained himself, got an education and
worked in the ﬁeld for sometime to become a surgeon. In his realm he is
conﬁdent because he is proﬁent in this skill. So proﬁcient that the people around
him also conﬁdent and trust him
Now, imagine the same surgeon was walking in the street and there is some
missile in the street and he's got to stop it detonating. He is there, kneeling down,
sweating, doesn't know what to do and cannot do anything because now he is
worried for his life and everyone else. This missile can bring down the whole
neighbhorhood.
But suddenly a man runs out of an army van, and tells him to step aside and
calmly, with speed, accuracy he is snipping away wires and all sorts to stop the
missile from detonating.
As you can see, when you are in a realm, an environment that you don't know
about, that you don't have experience in, that you haven't done enough oﬀ - and
on top of all this is your mind saying you are shy, you just not good with people you feel out of your element.
You feel real nervous, you're worried about what others thinks, what impact it has

on you and also what others might think if you look foolish.
It is then a skill.
You got to do more of this skill, be exposed to what makes you comfortable, but
with knowledge, understanding when doing it so you know how to get better at
what you're doing.
Instead of just talking and mingling with your friends, look at an interest in your
city and also in your school, that involves other people of similar age as you.
Then participate.
By doing something you are interested in, it makes it easier for you. The passion
is there. Whether it is sports or whatever it is, ensure that there are high number
of people participating.
But don't just focus on school as this can be a comfort zone.
Increase your self awareness, by looking at activitities outside school. Maybe your
local sports centre and participate.
Start small, one step at a time but also invest in books about leadership,
conﬁdence, social skillls. Help prepare yourself, your mind and take action.
This doesn't mean you ignore your existing friends. You can even include them,
let them know of the activity you are doing but do not wait for them and lead
yourself to become better at this.
569 Views · View Upvoters

What is it like to see a close friend become famous?
Adam Taha, You don't ﬁnd friends. You make connections by bringing value
Updated Oct 19, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Prince Naseem Hamed. Or Prince as he was know. I saw when he started. I knew
him and his family well. Everyday after school I would go down to his dad's shop
and we'd eat together.

I remember the ﬁrst time in where we both went to the boxing ring but I was
more of an artist, singer and songwriter, and his passion was into boxing.
He always said, "I'm going to be the Champion of the world. A legend. If not, I'll
be remembered anyway."
He was diﬀerent than most I knew.
Positive mindset. Cocky attitude but fun way. In the media as he grew to be
known, he was a chauvinistic and cocky guy but out of the ring, he was just an
ordinary guy, a friend, not perfect like most of us.
Scared like all of us, but when he went into the ring he had in his mind he already
won. That is the conclusion in his mind and when he talked, it seemed he was
arrogant but he had to talk this way.
It was, "the way of the warriors" I'd hear.
As his family and community backed him, I struggled but I never was jelous of

him. In my community I had to hide my talent from everyone. I had to hide my
art...

I had to hide my singing, songwriting, my many manuscripts for movies, novels
because in our community there was strict religion.
So to sing, writing songs, to paint, sketch what I do, wentt agains the belief of the
religion. And I had to think not just for myself but also my parents who were too
focused in social status I suppose, the appearance.
But nevertheless, because Naseem was a dreamer, and I am too, I was happy for
him. The community had something to smile about, talk about than wars,
politics and usual stuﬀ.
As he climbed in fame, I began to distance myself and not because of anything
else, but I was ﬁghting my own battles in singing but using an alias name.
Achieving the things I always wanted but...I could not let anyone know.
I never forgot where I came from.
Often I'd go back into the city, ﬁnd out what activities where happening and lend
a hand to diﬀerent communities and not just mine. Sometimes they needed
knowledge in design and I shared it.
Sometimes they had no idea of how to design a magazine so I showed them how.
Sometimes they needed connections to build partnership with other artist but
they never did it before so I called on them all to help.
There were times when they needed help with strategic thinking. I sat with them
for weeks on end to show how to design one - and trying to help them see the old
ways are over.
The ways in which we are closed oﬀ from other communities are over. The days of
being illiterate with technology and digital are over. The days in which one is
ignorant of marketing and social networking is gone.
And the days where one has all the power needs to change and change they did
by bringing other experts who I learnt from, got to know and said...
"Here, these are my contacts. Just treat them well and honour their knowledge,
their time and skills."
But I had to then leave.
So when I travelled the world on stage, watching Naseem in backstage, then
walking on my stage to sing...I was on my own. There was no community from my
community, no one knew. But it was good to see him win ﬁghts before I walked
on stage.
I left the community but not before I tried to document all I have learnt, with
contacts and gave it to them. I stayed up many nights, typing, screenshoting,
video, editing and creating a library of knowledge and then left it for them.
Even video tutorials on how to create magazines, produce own books,
psychology, social psychology, entrepreneurial minds, laws of success and all that
I devoured over the years.

I heard while I was in paris that someone found the material and began working
with other people to build a website so people in sheﬃeld and anyone else can
access.
The only thing they didn't know is the art, the sketching, the singing. All they
knew is this guy here out there doing something but no one is sure what. Puzzled
by what I know and yet how come I didn't become a doctor, a surgeon or a
scientist.
Because it is not me. I do not get any feelings of exciting and my imagination
doesn't take me anywhere with these things. I live by imagination, inspired by
people I meet, by England, by America, by all the things like Charlie Chaplin,
Laurel Hardy, James Brown, Stevie Wonder, Blues, R&B, Reggae,
Music....art....music.....art....music......art.
I wish I could have spent more time with my community but I was running out of
time. So I left, going from one city to another, one country to another, doing my
own thing.
"So what you're doing son?"
"Nothing mum. Nothing dad."
That's before I walk on stage of 30,000 people to sing.
"Oh son, you need to do something with your life."
"That's right, remember Naseem."
"Yes mum. Yes dad."
In one way it cracked me up laughing after phone call that most people around
me, strangers by the way, producers, managers, and so forth thought I was going
mad.
Well, I wasn't going crazy. It's just was a funny twist of life.
As I sat upstairs looking at Cat Stevens and listening him talking, I wondered
about everything. I wondered, why did art, music, singing, the creative things I
loved was so looked down on.
By the time I got to age 40, my dad old now, my mum too, grandma died, sisters
all moved away, brothers same, and the Prince Naseem has stopped ﬁghting.
News of negativity began to arise, from car accident, to other things.
He gained weight.
But he will always be the Nas I knew.
The lion, who always believed in himself and well, not perfect, none of us are. I
remember the many times we had dinner together, laughing, playing football and
just being young lads.
The old shop of that belong to his dad and where we use to meet is gone.
The strange thing is while he turned 180 degrees, from no ﬁghting, no training
and overweight - I went into training with ﬁtness and became obsessed because I
wanted the chance to live longer, to give what I dream of the ﬁghting chance.
I run, I use weight. I have tight diet and disciplined training routine. It's a like a

job in itself due to having to make sure to eat right and no sugar and the things
that are easily available to make your mouth drool.
Makes me laugh because I feel like a ﬁghter, getting ready to ﬁght the next rounds
life and hooks, and uppercuts life will throw at me.
I visit my mum, and at the age of 42 and she says....
"Have you heard of Xfactor son?"
"yes mum."
"Wouldn't be great if someone in our family became a singer."
"I suppose so."
"Haha. No one in our family can sing," says one of my sisters.
"So what are you doing now son?"
"Oh like always, nothing mum. Just you know, work."
As the legends singers of the past were on the TV such as Khalhum, Abdul Halim
Hafez, Fairuz - all I could hear is Van Morrisson, Stevie Wonder, Ray Charles, The
Beatles, James Brown and many more.
I got up, said my goodbyes, kissed my mum on forehead and I headed towards
the train station I smiled.
"Naseem did it again! What a ﬁght this has been! He said he'd do it in the second
round and that's what he did! Naseem Hamid is the NEW FEATHER WEIGHT
CHAMPION OF THE WORLD!"
I looked around, no one was about - so I did a little shuﬀtle, combination punches
in the air, laughed.... and continued pursing my own path.
54.7k Views · View Upvoters

Should I remain friends with the woman who just broke up
with me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First you need to understand, no one can friendzone you. The friendzoning
happens by one's own unatrractive behavior. So a man or woman's behavior
changes the dynamics in becoming less attractive as time goes by.
This is done by being predictable, needy, clingy, too nice, not a challenge and
other things a man needs to learn through life either the tough way or from a
professional.
Now on the task at hand....
There is someone else in the horison.
You need to understand how it is in our world, whether people want to accept it
or not. People go through phases in their life, and their desires will change.
In the beginning a person will want to be with a lovertype, because they want to
experience, have fun. As time goes by they had enough of the lovertype, and want
stability.
However, even when they ﬁnd someone, their desire will still change because on
one hand the person giving stability, father ﬁgure might not be enough and as
time goes by, the seeking for someone for sexual attraction and other qualities is
still going on - while the other person don't know.

I feel that's what happened here.
That she doesn't see you as a lover and nor do she see you as someone who will
emotionally stimulate her, and be that man she has a map of in her mind.
Probably she sought such a man as you were together and being with her gave her
the "emotional" support she needed at that time.
So now she is leaving to NY and she has said to you words to avoid conﬂict, to
avoid awkwardiness but ALSO......she wants that "emotional" support still. Like
you is the standby guy because if it doesnt work out....well....you be the backup.
I know, sounds like a ﬁctional dramatic movie but I have seen it happen many a
times my friends, and I have come across this many a time before from many
friends, relatives and collegues.
It's just I don't judge but see the world as it is and not what I desire it to be, even
when I wish I could change things in world.
My advise for you, is to not be in contact with her and give yourself hope of being
together. You must move on and not be that emotional support and nor be that
friend.
I say this because I feel right now, you need to move on and do not waste time on
thinking about her, being in contact which will hurt you even more. It will rip
your guts out.
I can sense it in your words and details you shared.
1. Instead you need to start fresh, focus on your life, get yourself back on your
feet. You need to move on and to not hope for anything from. In cluding meeting
up, and xmas holidays and all that. You do not want to be that guy who orbits
around her, like you got no options in your life.
Move on, be strong.
2. Change one thing about you. Look at what it is that will profoundly make you
stronger, attractive and a lesson to take with you into the future. Look at your life,
your career, your purpose, your goals.
3. Invest time and knowledge in regards to Relationship Management.
4. Approach other women but don't promise relationship. Instead, do not take
things serious at this moment in time. Just go out, relax, have fun, sociualise,
learn more about yourself and about women.
Finally, appreciate that people come in our lives like visitors.
Some come for a ﬂeeting moment. Others a little longer. Some even death do we
part. No one can ﬁll the emptiness we feel. That is why your purpose in life must
be HIGHER than relationship.
I live by this principle - purpose must be higher than relationship because people
come and go. But a mighty purpose will challenge you for always, and it will
impact and beneﬁt you and the generations to come.
That will ﬁll the emptiness inside you.
369 Views · View Upvoters

What are the men like in the UK? Do they fall in love quickly?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It's like anywhere in the world. Every man will be diﬀerent. Each one with his
own personality traite, own values, some dominant personality, some cautious,
some high inﬂuence party getters and some supportive.
So every guy in UK where I live is diﬀerent.
However, there is also one thing that is the same everyone else. There is always
the few leaders of men. There always few numbers of guys who are very conﬁdent
in themselves, in what they want and in also attracting women.
I know friends who fall in love fast, some slower, and some like me who do not fall
so easily with words about love, but nevertheless, romantic in our own way,
adventureous, cocky, fun and very logical at times.
In UK there are many cultures too, so you got this too in the communities.
So we cannot really generalise on what men are like in the UK and if they fall in
love quickly.
What I do know, is when it comes to dating the conﬁdent men, are few not as
many one thinks and I think that is so in all countries.
64 Views

I am a girl who studies at a world's top university, plays music,
speaks a few languages, cooks well, is friendly and goodlooking. Why am I single?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Answered Oct 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to share from my experience. Excuse me if it sounds arrogany to share
this but it's from my experience, and has given me the answer to your question
which helped many of my friends.
I have many talents, skills but you see, for every woman I have dated, none of
them knew of them UNTIL much later. The key for me was I was always proactive, going out, doing what I love and when I saw a woman I liked I approached
immediately.
For some it would have been a bazaar approach but I'm a cocky fun type of guy
and very conﬁdent.
An example....
I went to a university party which was happening in a very big venue. The
moment I walked in, I saw a woman on the dance ﬂoor dancing. I also saw tons of
guys just staring and looking at her but doing nothing.
So I immediately went on the dance ﬂoor and danced in front of her.
In one minute, she leaned forward and said, "I'm not looking for a boyfriend."
I shrugged my shoulders to say I don't exist for you.
I kept on dancing, and then again she said, "I'm only here for studying for one
year and then I'm leaving to back home."

She comes from France.
I again didn't acknowledge what she as saying as important. She is still dancing in
front of me. She hasn't moved away from me. She hasn't told me to go away or
acted nasty.
I kept on dancing.
After 10 minutes my hands was on her waiste, and then her hands were on mine,
and we were dancing close.
When everything ﬁnished, after some drinks, lights went out, I took her home,
and kissed.
For the next two months we got to know each other, and she didn't hear me say a
word about what I do. The reason this was enough is because everyone else was
saying what I do.
The reason is she saw it for herself as I was busy doing my own thing, stepping in
and out of recording studios, singing on stage, writin my own books, painting and
all sorts to create my own brand products for future.
But these were not the deciding factor.
We immediately dated the next day, after we met.
So dating isn't like you got to have a CV ready and speak about it. It's not about
sitting at a table like most do and bore each other with..
"so what do you do?"
"How long you've been doing it."
If ever such question arised on ﬁrst time we met, I'd say..
"Come on now. You want to bore me and bore you at the same time. Make you go
to sleep? You'll have ton of time to be bored and sleep. Leave that for later when
we get to know each other better." And smile.
I know these are not important.
Years of experience have shown me this. Many mistakes in past.
It is attraction that needs to be sorted and unfortunately, most people do not
know how to create attraction because they don't know who they are in ﬁrst place
and think...attraction is impressing someone else by their qualiﬁcations, their
job, their money.
Well, I don't know the woman I just met.
I'm not going to share such information so easily but I also know, these are not
that important than how I make her feel.
Same towards a man.
How do you make him feel?
Do you approach enough?

Are you approachable?
Or is all you do is logic because attraction has nothing to do with logic. Yes,
understanding how it works is logic, as it's psychology, there is phases from
attraction, transition, comfort, seduction but feelings.
Start ﬁrst in knowing what you want in a man.
Know what your core values are.
Have your own boundaries.
Then be very proactive in living your passion and if you see a man you like,
approach, ﬂirt, tease, learn to be approachable, be fun and don't make it too
serious so you ﬁrst create attraction.
2.1k Views · View Upvoters

What are some good ways for me to go out and pursue the love
of my life the man of my dreams?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 15, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

That's actually what scares many guys away. A woman who thinks her dreams is
all about the man, and that he will be the love of her life.
It ends up making a woman when pursuing very clingy, desperate and her
attitude is always pushing for the relationship to be that way; and not giving time
to ﬁrst knows what she wants in her own life, her purpose, goals and then living
them.
In doing so, she will meet many people of similar values, interest and she look
attractive because of the life she is building due to the understanding no one can
ﬁll the void of wanting love.
Except loving one self, being a person of value to the world she lives in and to the
people around her.
If we look at many dating websites as an example....
You'll see women take it too seriously by writing they looking for a serious
relationship and on and on goes the seriousness, which puts oﬀ a lot of many and
attracts the desperate.
Rather instead of being fun, not taking it serious, relaxed because dating a man is
not her "all her life" or the "love of her life."
Such approach is very attractive.
Better then to change your goals slightly and not see man as the love of you're life
but rather a part of your life to a bigger picture and life you've already built.
87 Views

My boyfriend and I have been together for ﬁve years. Two years
ago I cheated on him, and I just told him about it a month ago.
What should I do since he broke up with me and told me he
doesn't love me anymore?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.

Updated Mar 20, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I'm going to have to share from my own experience.
I dated a girl for some years. One day, she was feeling uneasy about something. I
felt the vibe but I didn't say anything. Until while I was makin a cuppa, she walks
into the kitchen and tells me...
"......it was this guy I met at a party 3 years ago and..."
She told me everything, how it happened, the cheating, texting, the lot.
I just stood there, frozen and for the ﬁrst time since I known her, I saw someone I
don't even know. I thought it was all a joke at ﬁrst, maybe a prank. I even said..
"You're ﬁlming this aren't you? It's a joke. Come on."
But no, it was real.
She tried to walk over to me to embrace but I walked back and told her no.
Everything I believed in her, everything I thought about with her, the things we
did, the things she said, just everything meant nothing. It became meaningless. It
just crashed onto the ﬂoor into a million pieces.
I walked away from kitchen, went to the room, packed somethings and said to
her, it is over. She tried to explain but it didn't matter. I didn't want no
explaination. All I knew, is someone I trusted, been with for 3 years, and now I
don't trust anymore.
It wasn't about me doing this or that because I don't believe in bringing what I did
for someone beause when I do it, I do it because I want to. Not to then use it
against the person.
It's just that now I'm a diﬀerent person.
That one mistake she did changed me. I can't be that guy ever again. It broke me
when it happened.
I never looked back and all her chasing, calling to explain just made it worse. I
told her to stop and she did.
If she let me go, left me alone, probably I'd re-think things but she called often,
she then became abit upset, trying to make me feel guilty, then she became a
little nasty and it escalated to such, it made it so much worse, I didn't want to
know her ever again.
I'm not sure if I'd ever had gone back but it would have made it easier if she didn't
call, she didn't hassle me about it, and just left it alone, and let me ﬁgure it out in
my head.
Instead she just made it worse, until I didn't respond anymore to her calls, change
the number and moved on.
So, whatever you do, leave him be.
Give him the space, distance yourself, and let him make the move. Believe, he will
be angry because I was. The trust is gone. It is logical to assume that if you keep
chasing, explaining and telling him you love him, would do any good but as I
replied to her..
"What you know about love? You can't tell me you love me after this? Don't talk to
me about love. You're nowhere close to even saying that to me. Don't call again."
So emotion is high for him, he's angry, he's not going to believe anything you say.
He only will see it in a negative way as I did.

Let him be, distance yourself and focus on your life and hope that he does come
back, so the healing can begin.
I personally don't forgive easily, as I am hard on myself on these things and make
sure I got boundaries, strong core values to not step over line, so I expect others
around me to do so too. So it's not easy to forgive a person if he's like that too.
UPDATE....EDIT..
Now let's get this straight shall we for the some who leave comments about how I
don't know the deeper root of love, which I have deleted.
LISTEN. If she came to me from day and said..
"Adam, I like this guy, and well, I want to blah blah.,"
I would let her go and I would still respect her for telling me instead of cheating,
lying to me. So anyone talking about "love" and think love is lying, cheating, and
thinking that's deep roOoted love is then YOU rationalising your shit to do this
too - and this hit a nerve with you.
Don't project your insecurities on what I am saying here and creating your own
stories to justify cheating, lying.
I am dating 4 women now and all know the truth from day one. THAT'S love.
That's deep rooted love, it don't need to hide, and lie, cheat. That's self love.
That's real love because LOVE is never enough.
You need to behave it, work it, and stand by it by actions of integrity and
character. You don't cheat, lie and then expect the other person then to have this
deep rooted love.
I don't believe in anyone as propert or possession to lie, plot. plan, deceive, cheat
- then it doesn't matter if it's polygamy or not...the line has been stepped over.
She made the choice to LIE...CHEAT AND and didn't come to me from day one
and said she had feelings for someone else. If she did, no problem but it is the
lying, the cheating, dishonesty, which if it even happens in polygamy with me, it
be fucking over too.
Not because woman is my property or poessession but I don't lie, I don't need to
cheat and I don't need to plot, plan behind someone's back.
I tell it, I speak, I communicate from day one and I am fearless in doing so.
That is the point here for some who don't get it and who I deleted their ignorant
comments and who think that they will have their say here by calling me selﬁsh.
They have no clue to even think someone they call selﬁsh is going to leave your
comment.
Of course I am going to delete and block.
That's why I have deleted any comment below and blocked such people too.
77.3k Views · View Upvoters

What is the most disturbing truth about love?
Adam Taha, Life is a one way ticket. Make it a amazing ride.

Updated Oct 30, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is like attraction. It's not a choice.
By that, I mean every person has a map in their mind of what they desire, what
they want and then there is you.

So..
This is you/// this is the map in their head//// This is the other person.
If the image of this map, which is ﬁlled with perception of the person you like,
their reality, their desires, their story, what they want, their fears, their values
does does not match when seeing you, then it's over.
They won't be drawn to you but withdraw further away from you.
The map of theirs in their head becomes the very thing that prevents you coming
together in the way you want it to happen.
But if you know certain things it can increase the chances but even then, the
obstacles can be great such as fears, social conditioning, how they are inﬂuenced
by society...friends.. and other things which are out of your control.
That is why much of marketing and selling is Psychology.
They ﬁgure out what the map of a targeted audience is and speak in their
emotional language.
And so, many a times we'll meet someone we so want them to be part of our life
but the map in their mind is so rigid, it narrates a diﬀerent story and they don't
feel the same way.
Which happens a lot.
So the disturbing thing about love is...
You can love someone, but they may not love you back. They cannot see what you
see and no matter how you explain, what you do, it won't be enough.
I've never had much problem with women except if some start giving me drama
but I always say...whenever some try to role me into their map, their idea of a
relationship with, I look into their eye and I am very sincere and say...
If she never gives me any drama or demands, I would be with her for the rest of
her life, both sexually and as a friend.
Most women understand and go for it.
Some don't as the map in their mind is so rigid about marriage and all that but I
know, some who do go through all that, and that idea in their head, whether
marriage, boyfriend, whatever doesn't work, ﬁnd themselves calling me back.
I know instantly when I don't ﬁt in their map and the woman doesn't ﬁt in mine.
It's in their behavior. You can see it happen before you if you're very experienced.
Behavioral pattern doesn't lie more than the words people say to you. Forget the
words. Watch their behavior pattern.
The moment I say I am in an a certain type of relationship and still dating women
etc etc, the communication takes a diﬀerent turn.
Either silence, either haughty, and all that niceness, ﬂirting, teasing, fun is gone.
Either it's some medicore conversation.
Suddenly she is acting all serious.

Suddenly this nice person is acting very diﬀerent to moment you was teasing,
ﬂirting, sexualisation etc.
I now know, love to me will be very diﬀerent to what it means to the woman I am
talking to or had communication with.
Love is hinged by many lies, misconceptions, social status, social conditiong and
infortunately, one has to go through many stages in their life to say, enough is
enough.
I will now determine what love means to me. I will create my own map in my
head and if mine does not connect with woman I am meeting, I move on.
And so the most distrurbing thing about love is, I may want to love someone,
I may know I can be of great value to their life, I may know I will bring great
joy, and shower a woman with all my being, be that man and friend...
But...sometimes it's not enough because the map in their head is there.
If who I am does not ﬁt in her map, we won't come closer and that map will
always be the very thing that pushes apart.
That map ﬁlled maybe of cultural, religious, and so many things I cannot control.
It's been there for so many years. It be a map also of past experiences and it can
be projected on to me.
Sometimes, you will love someone but it's not neccessary they will love you
back.
So even when you love this woman you know you got to walk away. It will hurt
because you got to know her or to you she's gorgeous, she has amazing smile, you
get along with her.
Or you wanted to hold her, talk to her, touch her lips, know all about her but it's
just she don't see you in that way.
That map in the middle won't go away.
Nothing you can do but to walk away and many a times I did when I was open to
women to ﬁnd their tune change, the fun gone, the ﬂirting, teasing stopped
because what I say I want does not match the map in their head.
There we have it...
You can love someone but it doesn't necessarily mean they will love you
back or in the same depth as you love them.
1.4k Views · View Upvoters

How do you know if a woman is being REALLY obvious to show
that she likes you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I don't know why people make this complicated. The only things you need to
know and do as a man is this..
1. Do you like her. Not does she like you because you won't know ayway. Reading
signals is frustratin. Waste of time and creates hesitency which projects lack of

conﬁdence. So do you like her?
If yes, then..
2. Approach her, tease, ﬂirt, be fun and ﬁnd if she is someone you want to date
and not approach to get validation, acceptance.
3. If you ﬁnd she is and you ﬁnd she also showing interest then lead, exchange
numbers.
So always leads instead of looking for signals.
A) Do you like her.
B) If yes, approach to ﬁnd out if she is type of woman you'd date
C) Then lead to exchange numbers and to meet up.
Anything else, looking for signals, body language and all that is only going to
complicate things, create fear in your mind with too much information.
Don't make it complicted as most do.
Lead is what man needs to do.
1k Views · View Upvoters

If he likes me, why hasn't he asked me out yet?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Feb 13, 2018 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First you understand the logistics that can create problems. You're in a job
environment and women can complain of sexual harrassment. So he's not going
to make a move if he doesn't get CLEAR direct message from you that you do like
him.
Second, this is where you work, and if the relationship doesn't work it can might
create awkwardiness, emotional problems for him and you.
Third is now the other type of fear which is the fear of rejection.
Men as well as women fear rejection.
It is the same reason why you haven't asked him out yourself. It is the same
reason why he hasn't out you out too.
The fear of being rejected can play a big part in someone and creates anxiety due
to social conditioning, what others might think if he got rejected, what if you are
one of those women who talks and goes around oﬃce he got rejected, and all
sorts of stories we narrate in our minds.
Which causes one to hesitate.
So ﬁrst ask yourself these questions..
1. Do I want to risk dating someone where I work?
2. Can I take the emotional strain if it does happen and ﬁnd we break up, and
knowing we'll see each other everyday at work?
If the answer is yes, then all you need to know and do is these two..
1. Do I like him? If yes..
2. Approach and start conversing, tease, ﬂirt
If you ﬁnd he recipocrates then say..

"what do you do for fun after work?"
And lead to where you exchange numbers and agree arrange to meet for a drink
and chill.
Don't label it as a date as it creates awkwardness. Instead when you do meet,
assume he is your boyfriend and act accordingly, tease, ﬂirt, smile, laugh at his
lame jokes, and touch, hold hands and even kiss.
And do not leave before arranging another time or at least say to each other, you'll
call each other to talk to meet again.
13.4k Views · View Upvoters

Is it a bad idea to express your feelings towards someone that
you really love?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to be speciﬁc. Is it someone you've started dating? Is it someone you
know and fallen in love with you've been friends for a while? Is it someone you
have been seriously dating (long term relationship)
Each of these are diﬀerent.
If it is someone you just met and not dating, then the answer is no. You don't
show aﬀection but ﬁrst build attraction - ﬂirt, tease, be fun, and from there get
the person's number, to meet, build rapport and even then you don't talk about
deep aﬀection stuﬀ until the person has emotionally invested.
If it's someone you have been dating for only a week then again, no. Take it slow,
steady, still be a challenge, ﬂirt, tease, get to know the person and as they get to
know your passion, and goals which building comfort stage, trust. Later on after
seduction, sex, through many duration you can gradually show a deeper
aﬀection, sharing feelings but don't go overboard.
If it is long term relationship and you've been dating for 6 months to 2 years, then
yes, show feelings.
747 Views · View Upvoters

She is my best friend and tells me she loves me. She likes one of
our other friends and he doesn't feel the same way and she's
trying to get over him. I have every class with her and she keeps
telling me that she loves me but isn't interested in dating me.
What do I do?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No one friendzones anybody.
A person friendzones themselves due to the unattractive behavior and by
unatrractive I mean vulgar. I mean the following..
a) Spending too much time with her, being far too available for her.
b) Hanging out like friends
c) Texting back and forth, and phone with same woman
d) Orbiting around her, clingy, desperate
e) Letting her share her problem about ex, who she likes etc
f) Being aﬀectionate from beginning when she hasn't emotionally yet invested in
you
g) Not being a challenge, someone busy with his life, and dating other girls

This doesn't mean you cannot say hi to her when you see her but add "hi, good to
see you but...I got to go, busy, meeting friends" or whatever.
It's time to prioritise!
You don't invest emotions, time, resources on a woman who is not really into you
and hasn't yet show interest.
Really, in beginning when you saw her you needed to ﬂirt, tease, be a sexual
conﬁdent type of guy instead of behaving like a platonic friend.
The Remedy
1. Distance yourself from her.
2. No more long texting and long phone calls. Limit them. Shut it down.
3. Change one thing about you. Hit the gym. Find a passion. Purpose.
4. Invest in woman psychology regarding dating
5. Approach and date other women. Google "Women Pre-select Men" to know
why.
1.1k Views · View Upvoters

How do I know if he wants to be with me? I'm super shy so I
don't want to just blurt it out..
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 14, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You know, the thing is, when for example a girl is shy, she shows no emotions, no
interest, and even her texts one word or two. He ﬂirting also is...well....not that
great. Can be taken as rude, when she doesn't intiate text or phone calls.
It gets to a stage that the guy who has been texting, like I have, decide - either
she's playing hard to get, either she completely oblivious that I'm interested in
her.
Even after I approached her......I took her hand....held it....danced with her.....took
her number....texted her...ﬂirted with her. made it clear I'm interested in her and
even for fun....how would she like to be ﬂirted with and asked out. I even went
sexualising too in words - to ﬁnd myself thinking...
"I'm wasting my time here. If this is what you go through with a shy girl, then I'm
wasting my time. It's going to be this way even when we do meet, and date and it
just be unbearable!"
So I didn't continue contact with texting or anything anymore.
It has now been 2 weeks I think, and she hasn't intiated so I am taking that as she
ain't interested. Yes, I know she's shy, I know what shy is like, I was shy years ago
but I am not going to let this deﬁnition LIMIT my life, what I want out of life but
rather...I create a new story and so I became conﬁdent. I stepped out of my
comfort zone.
So I know what shy is, I was one and there is still some left in me but I'm now very
conﬁdent, I approach, I give women a chance and if they are unwilling to go for
it.....I discontinue communication.
I move on.
So if you like a guy and you've been holding back, not showing emotions, I'd

advise you to do so. I advise you to show your interest or the guy will move on. He
will get bored and he will think you're playing hard to get.
132 Views · View Upvoters

Is it okay to cut all ties with a girl after rejection? We became
really close friends and I confessed my feelings to her. After she
rejected me, I deleted her phone number/cut ties. Now I feel I’ve
made a harsh decision and I miss her. Any advice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

No mate, you did the right thing. She's upset because she cannot get the
emotional support that she did when she knew you. She can get that from her
friends, the guys who orbit her, the girl-friends, her boyfriend.
I'm like that myself.
Also, you need to ensure you are not seen far too much with same girl because if
you want to date someone, and you approach and they have seen you many a
times with same woman, they assume you're dating.
You also have to consider your feelings in this matter. SHE DID THAT TOO. She
considered her feelings and followed her feelings, her desire not logic. She didn't
think..
"I knew this guy for sometime now, I trust him, he trusts me and what better guy
to date."
She didn't think that because logic has nothing to do with it. Being available, and
not a challenge, being easy to access, is not that attractive for women mate. It
becomes too familiar before any dating has happened.
So since she decided what's.....important to her, then why she is mad because you
did the same? See world for what it is and not what we like it to be. That's how it
is.
You don't owe her anything. She is not entitled for your friendship,
companionship. You decide who that will be and since it will hurt your feelings,
since you went to avoid the pain because the pleasure from it is not bigger than
the pain - the way she saw pleasure bigger than pain of loss....well then.....you
made the right choice.
If you think you made a bad decision, then remember this...
Rather be a man who has the conﬁdence and honesty to follow his core valies,
and seperate from her, showing you're STRONG man than a weak one, who is
going to be orbiting around her, feeling hurt, hoping she one day changes her
mind.
You made the right decision and hard decisions take time embrace and live with
but that's what develops strong character. It is in the tough decisions that forges
and moulds you into being a strong man of character.
And this was one of those decisions.
So well done for standing up for yourself, your feelings and doing what is right for
you.
10.9k Views · View Upvoters

Why did the boy leave the girl soon after being rejected by the
girl?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 13, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What do you want him to do? Beg her, plead, make her re-consider?
She had her chance. He approached, she rejected him and a guy who has
conﬁdence, knows his self worth isn't going to stand around trying to convince a
girl.
I'm like that. If I approach a woman and she says no, but means yes, what do you
think I'm going to do?
I'm going to assume she means no and walk away.
These days men have to be careful. Pushing a woman can be seen as sexual
harrassment. So I'm not going to push, and play some game. A woman said no, so
I walk away.
Her problem if she meant "yes" but wanted to play hard to get.
1.5k Views · View Upvoters

How common are successful romantic relationships between a
humorous man and a serious woman?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I've never seen it as a problem. It sounds to be you're worried in trying to validate
yourself to him all the time. That when he makes you laugh he projects high
status and you're wanting to balance that, or compete, hoping it will continue to
create attraction.
But that's not so.
You won't bore him if you're serious. I've dated women who are serious and I'm
more of a fun guy and the balance I ﬁnd is wonderful. What I look for isn't that
she laughs all time, which by the way is great, but that she opens up, emotionally,
about herself, her passion, we can talk, she touches a lot, smiles, and we get along
as well as sexually too.
So even if women I've dated are serious, and they laugh, smile at what I say, it
doesn't mean I am so needing her to also do same. Rather I know this is my
personality, and I get satisfaction, joy in making the women I date smile, laugh,
but also to know at a deep emotional level.
You don't need to worry about boring the guy and you having to crack up some
jokes, or be funny. Or that you're too serious. You balance each other out, and
that's healthy.
So let go, enjoy the relationship you're in. Be yourself, relax.
242 Views · View Upvoters

I told her I like her and she said she never saw any intent from
me. How do I act more conﬁdent around her and let her see my
intentions?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 11, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You need to listen to what she is saying. I mean what she is REALLY saying and
not what the words she speaks. She is saying...
"I feel I am more HIGHER value than you. "
When a woman says she doesn't know how she feels about you, she has rejected
you but said it in a way, to avoid conﬂict. Most women don't like sayiong no
because they have had many guys hitting on them and in a desperate, needy
manner.
At this moment in time, you have potrayed unattractive behavior. You ave shown
aﬀection ﬁrst, holding hands, and you have not made your intention clear, with
ﬂirting, teasing and being decisive in your action.
You was very slow in escalation.
Therefore, when you lacked the conﬁdence in doing so, this demonstrates to
woman, that you are of a certain category of a guy. Someone who she doesn't now
see sexually attractive to her, isn't a man at a deep unconscious level to date her
and sleep with her, and exchange genes.
You didn't demonstrate a behavior of a strong man, a man who knows himself,
knows what he wants and goes for what he wants.
Rather the behavior demonstrated was of a man who is intimidated by women,
probably spending too much time with her, winning her aﬀection, trying to ﬁnd
commonalities and asking her like you want her permission.
My advise as follows..
1. You cannot act conﬁdent. You have no experience. Conﬁdence isn't something
you conjure up. Example - a surgeon who has done his degree, studies, many
surgeries is skilled at doing heart surgeries and he is conﬁdent because he knows
his area of ﬁeld very well.
Now, imagine this same surgeon was thrown into a diﬀerent area, like computer
programming and he must ﬁx a code for a big million dollar website right now.
He won't be conﬁdent. He's out of his depth and he will fail in doing so.
You haven't the experience mate and you are focusing too much on this women
which reveals to her, you have no options.
So you need to stop waiting around and get a move on approaching other women
and date. Learn now.
2. Don't call her, don't text her, don't orbit around her. Instead get busy in your
life and create options in your life. When she sees you higher in value, well,
things will change and even if it doesn't - you won't be so focused on her anyway
because you're dating someone else.
3. Be a challenge. Stop asking her! Everytime you do that, you're projecting
neediness and being desperate. You need to create attraction ﬁrst in your life. She
doesn't see you as someone of higher value than her.
Imagine, you the guy as a circle. The other circle is her. The middle is a map of
what's in her mind. That map tells her what she wants in a man to date, etc etc.
She cannot see you in that map.

And you need to take time to understand this map and learn about women
psychology, learn about this map women have in their mind. Learn what interest
them for real, and in the process learn about yourself, and having the self respect
for yourself too.
A man of self respect isn't going to keep asking the same woman out and know
will he stand for a woman who is unsure about bein with him. I won't either.
So back away from her and do not chase, and build attraction in your life. Go and
date other women and invest knowledge in women psychology regarding dating.
591 Views

Why would you guys ask a girl to kiss you on the cheek?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

First, I don't ask a girl to kiss me on the cheek. If a woman is with me dating, I'm
not going to ask anything in regards to these things. I lead and by that it is not
done by asking woman I am dating if I can kiss her. It be naturally done, without
asking.
If he asked, then he must be into you and you're probably spending time together
in a romantic fashion.
3.3k Views · View Upvoters

My GF called me an asshole in public. She isn't willing to talk
about it. Should I break up with her?
Adam Taha, HardTalk Dating Advice. 25 years experience.
Answered Oct 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The problem is not that she called you an asshole. The problem is the
understanding and mutal respect, as well as boundaries in your relationship. In
relationship I've been in, woman won't say that in public due to an understanding
between us and the level of trust.
So the problem isn't that she called you an asshole.
The problem is the status of relationship between each other. Is there respect
between you both? Is there loving nurturing between you both? Is there acumen,
making good judgment together in house and when outside in public, to not
make such statements and behave in such manner?
If not, then what is needed for both of you to respect each other, and work
together and create such scenes in public and face to face at home, and anywhere
else for that matter.
That's what you need to reﬂect on as well as her.
1k Views

How long do you give boyfriend when he tells you he needs
space?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I think you already know what "I want space means."
"I want to avoid conﬂict so I am preparing you psychologically, so when I do say
we need to break up, it won't hit you that hard; due to giving lots of space and
being out of your life for a while."

Get yourself ready because it might just turn out that way and relationship will
end.
1.2k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't guys take the time to get to know a shy girl? Why are
they always into the outgoing ones?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Oct 10, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Look. I have approached shy girls before and I'm very conﬁdent guy but conﬁdent
guys, most of us, especially myself ﬁnd ourselves frustrated by the lack of input,
emotion and investment from shy girl side..
But when I approach girls who are not shy, it moves very fast, they show interest
and I'm not having to have to exert too much eﬀort.
Shy people fear rejection, they won't make eﬀort to stand out, be loud, be
approachable and some even fear of being approached. This is how it is in this
world.
If a person unwilling to stand out, unwilling to make an eﬀort and be very
sociable, outgoing, then it be diﬃcult. It is already diﬃcult with dating. So it be
twice as hard for a shy girl.
Example, I met a girl, she even said she was shy, shy, shy. I was in two minds to
walk away but I took her number. I texted, but the problem is, she gives one words
or two, she doesn't reciprocate when ﬂirting, teasing, she seems to play hard to
get, and she eve said, "I might be hard work because I'm shy," which from my
point is saying she's playing hard, whether she is intentionall or not. I doubt she
was.
But after back and forth, and she is not showing interest, and I am always leading,
always inititiating the move, I thought forget it. I never called or texted her again.
It took me only 3 days to meet someone else, and we date. I was trying with the
shy girl for 4 months!
So if someone isn't approachable, if someone gets a chance, if they dont' show
interest, if they make their shyness as a reason for it, well, sorry. I don't have time
and I doubt most guys will.
I know one woman said, "oh if you don't keep up the chase, then you lose and
gain nothing."
Not true. I gain a lot of time to approach other women and I am very conﬁdent in
doing so, and land a date.
From this experience and others, and from I bet most guys who faced such
experierience - I doubt they want to try and approach or date a shy girl. It's just
far too much work/
I am conﬁdent. I am looking for conﬁdence, outgoing woman not someone who is
shy, not conﬁdent in herself, unwilling to converse, unwilling to show emotion
and unwilling to put eﬀort needed, for whatever reason she may have.
Best a shy girl focus maybe on guys who are less conﬁdent, romantics shy guy,
who has the patience. I just don't and I know many of my friends who are
conﬁdent and outgoin too...don't either.

4.7k Views · View Upvoters

Psychology: Would you say that there is a large chance that this
guy is using her for her wealth?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It is natural for people to pursue value that is higher. It's part of human beings
DNA to reach out or associate, or follow the value that they feel is important to
them and for their survival.
It can mean many things.
1. He wants to achieve success and is attracted to people and a woman who is
successful.
2. It maybe he is in love with her and feels a connection with her due to who she
is, where she is from and so on.
3. It might be he's into her money.
4. The websites, and all he is following maybe a way of him passionate about
success, wealth, wanting to achieve it, and maybe used as a way to connect with
his girlfriend, showing he does think rich in mind, he does want the best in life.
Who knows only him.
It is easy to assume due to who she is, her wealth and where he is in his life. I
know many women who date richer, successful and wealthy men and men who
do same, and they happy together.
But we also might know of some negative stories too.
Our brain is wired to judge, ﬁlter, categorise and label until we are self aware of it
and try not to let our unconscious inﬂuence how we see someone else, when we
have not..
1. Did business with the person.
2. Where money was involved personally between you and the person.
3. Have lived with the person for years in same home, eat, lived etc
That is how I decide on who is who. It helps me to not judge or assume anyone, by
my own perception, my own hidden fears, prejudices, thoughts, mindset.
The main thing is we need to avoid assuming and judging someone else because
when we do so - we do not deﬁne who the person is.
Rather, we are deﬁning who we are, our own perception, how we see the world,
and how we are using our time in our life. We are deﬁning the meaning to
ourselves and showing our own character.
180 Views

When your ex tells you that she doesn't know what love is but
gets in a relationship with another guy within 2 weeks of
breaking up, does this mean she has never loved you?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Updated Oct 28, 2016 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I've learnt there is a big diﬀerence to what people say and what they do. What a
person says is verbal communication but what they do is the real deal on how

they feel, hidden behind layers of emotions, sub-communication. So you hear
words of love, then don't get hooked on what is being said but rather her
behavior.
When she says..
"I don't know what love is..."
She is not saying she don't know what love is. She is saying, there is not enough or
any sexual attraction between you and her, and she cannot see a future with you.
In saying it this way, she avoids conﬂict and is letting you down easily because
you probably asked a question which has got her defences up, and she didn't
want to say the truth to avoid conﬂict. It's a rejection but subtely done and in a
way to avoid futher awkwardiness or even conﬂict.
So avoid looking at what people say to you but rather look at the behavior.
Look at results that's happening before your eyes than words. Look at the
behavioral pattern because it's more consistent that what someone says.
It doesn't mean she didn't love you.
It means she doesn't love you now.
The "pleasure" of being with someone else is greater than the risk of future
complications and pain that you represent to her.
It's about emotions not logic.
She is going with what makes her feel alive but also to avoid pain too. So you
represent the past, memories, some negativity, and so dating someone else will
give her greater pleasure and represents a far more happier situation, safer and
less complex than what you represent to her.
Best you move on.
2.2k Views · View Upvoters

How do women know that men are into them? Is it true that if a
man is serious about you, he will call rather than text?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

I can't answer for all men but for me, if I'm NOT into a woman, then I won't give
time to take interest in her, talk to her, approach, ﬂirt, tease, touch, sexualise in
my speech.
I'll not spend time texting her, nor ﬂirt with her with text. She'll not be a priority.
I'm very forward in this matter.
If I see a woman I like, I'm the type of guy who does not wait for singles, and I am
direct in my behavior, and what I say to her. I'll touch her hand after approach
and after introducing myself. I'll tease, have fun and make her know I'm into her.
Not all men are like that. We all diﬀerent.
2 Views · View Upvoters

Dating and Relationships: Is this girl trying to send a message
to me?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

You're looking for signals, signs and anytime you do this, you're not really being
true to yourself. The only thing you need be thinking is this..
1. Do I like her? Yes? No?
2. If Yes, approach.
That is all you need to know. Know what you want, be prepared with knowledge,
skill when going for what you want. That doesn't mean you always get what you
want.
However, it removes hesitation and frustrations because you're trying to read into
things that might not be or might be. You'll never know until you take action.
So take action, get to know her
269 Views · View Upvoters

How do I respond to "is she your girlfriend" if I’m out with a girl
who is a friend and I’m asked in front of her? How do I say
"none of your business" without creating any awkwardness for
anyone? Is there a "safe"/"canned" response for this?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Sep 25, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

If it's my friends, they know not to ask the question. I manage my relationships
with friends quite well but there are times, when a woman will ask me "is this
your girlfriend."
I have a simple answer and it comes from not answering the question because
when women ask such a question, you want to know where it is coming from
within their mind.
I was at a festival and with a woman and I liked this other woman, so I
approached while the other girl was withn me. The girl asked..
"is this you're girlfriend?"
"Why do you ask?"
"Oh nothing, just asking."
"Then it's not that importan to answer," I smiled.
When I answered like that, her eyes lit up because I wasn't seeking for approval
from her. Men work so hard seeking approval from women and even friends. It's
my private life, she don't know me, and if she wants to know, then she needs to
meet half way in comittment, time to get to know me ﬁrst.
I got her number, and well, it went great.
When friend ask me, "is this your girlfriend?"
I reply, "why do you ask?"
"Oh just, you know, asking?"
"Then it's not important to answer," smile.
When a woman asks, "what do you do?"
"Why do you ask?"
When woman ask, "where you're from?"
"Why do you ask?"
Always ask reply back with a question to see where is this person coming from in
mindset.

1.6k Views · View Upvoters

I don’t have many skills but I have $200,000 and want to start a
business. I've worked for the last 7 years and have saved up
some money, but don't want to keep doing the same job. What
should I do?
Adam Taha, I am passionate about pursuing and building a legacy

Answered Jun 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

What are you passionate about? Then ask what can it solve and it must be in
demand. That there is a mass desire, to supply. Test ﬁrst there is a supply to that
demand. Don't worry about the "how to."
You can hire people to help you to do the how to, develop, create, produce and
choose the right people to be your team. I know many who didn't need to know
everything. They had a great passion for something which was personal to them
and it solves a major problem in the market. Then hired the right people of
expertise to put it all togeher and move forward.
467 Views · View Upvoters

What are the biggest challenges artists face? Is it hardest
creating the works? Getting them shown? Finding people
interested in seeing the art? Making a living doing what you
love? Something else?
Adam Taha, Songwriter, Creative Writing on dating and relationships
Answered Jun 21, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

The biggest challenge artist face is something which most artist are going to
struggle to accept. Their product, ye painting, art, design, music is not the
product. It is the emotions they trigger which attracts who they want.
What must come ﬁrst is marketing and most artist think marketing is about
contacting galleries, networking, ﬂyers, and all the rest when it's not. That's
when an artist thinks about themselves instead of thinking what gets the
attention of the gallery and whoever they want the attention from.
Emotions sells and until an artist starts to understand that their product is really
the words they use, the concept within a story, the marketing that grabs the
targeted audience attention and having an audience in ﬁrst place which gets the
galleries, record labels and even customers attention; they'll continue to struggle.
1.7k Views · View Upvoters

Why don't women stop encouraging a guy who is willingly
doing things for her when she likes the guy only as a friend but
the guy is romantically interested in her?

 https://www.quora.com/Why-do-nice-guys-get-friend-zoned
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

It can be a number of reasons..
1. Knowing from her own experiences, saying not to a guy caused awkwardness.
Maybe even put her in a bad situation and so, she doesn't bother. The guy himself
lacks self worth, puts her on a pedestal and so he will be taken for a ride, if he
doesn't read the signs himself and also if he is desperate, needy.
2. Most women will let a guy do that to feel good. That a guy is taken interest even
though she will not going out with him and sleep with him. It is giving her the self
validation she wants as a woman. That she can still attract men, she can still

make men run after her and show her with gifts.
3. She maybe with a guy already or husband, and she isn't getting this kind of
attention, so it feels good for her to get it.
123 Views · View Upvoters

Why does a simple looking guy fall for an attractive, beautiful
girl even though he knows that she will not reciprocate his
feelings?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Human beings value that which is higher in regards to wealth, social status, and
beauty. It's survival mechanism. So it's natural for a man or a woman attention
are grabbed by beauty, wealth, a guy of great physique or great sexy curves.
Human beings are drawn to which they percieve as a great value, so the one of
higher self esteem, will go for it. Even if she says no, he will keep doing so with
other women and he will succeed because of the values women also are attracted
to is conﬁdence, masculinity,
The one who isn't conﬁdent will doubt himself, will already think she won't be
interested and not bother. He's put the woman on a pedestal instead of believing
he is worthy of the most beautiful, and anything he wants in life.
1k Views · View Upvoters

Why do guys hesitate to talk to a girl, even though deep inside
they know that there is nothing to be afraid of? How do you
overcome such fear when you can't talk to girls, but want to?
Can anyone oﬀer practical advice?
Adam Taha, Artist and writer passionate about psychology of dating
Answered Feb 22, 2015 · Author has 5.2k answers and 31.1m answer views

Since you're an introvert, then you'll be more preoccupied with trying to
minimize contact with people; and you need to understand why that is before
overcoming approach anxiety.
1. The fear of rejection. That the person will not accept you and the reason this
fear exist is when someone puts too much importance on a girl that doesn't even
know him. So, next time you see a girl, understand she isn't say no to you but
rather, you're approach, lack of skill and knowledge on how to approach. You
can't ﬁx this by just approaching but also learning the psychology of women,
girls.
2. Self validation. You're putting yourself out there but if you do it to get
validation from a girl to make you feel good; instead of having greater purpose in
life, goals and approach women because you know what you want than trying to
get such pleasure outward; then you'll stop. You'll stop doing it because women
test men, shit test is what they call it and you need to be conﬁdent and self aware
of who you are and not take what she says about you seriously. Instead you know
yourself, and you approach without the need for her to make you feel good by
accepting you
3. Decades of brain washing, conditioning people that approaching women is not
good but creepy. That a man must wait for a good woman and many, many other
social conditioning that has brain washed society. Therefore, there is a lot of fear
of approaching women. You're brain won't be used to getting out of the comfort
zone. The brain primary function is to protect from discomfort, pain, and alert to
danger.

So when all these perceptions, these lies, these brain washing programs that exist
in society roams your mind - your brain will self sabotage your eﬀorts because
you feel nervous, awkward. It's not your comfort zone, and it will pull you back to
make you feel comfortable by getting you to rationalise with logic. In the end, you
hesitate and don't approach.
Solution?
First invest in knowledge about women in general. There are many myths the
media spreads with music, novels, movies, newspapers and their "experts" with
shows who are haven't got a clue. So invest in knowledge away from mainstream.
Mainstream isn't there to educate but to ensure you stay in a box to serve
mainstream purpose for magic bullet answers and gets you running round circles
and desperatelt helpless.
Second, increase your own conﬁdence, self image to remove the desire and need
to get validation from women. You're own purpose in life and goals need to do
that for you.
Third, forget approaching women to ask for dates. Instead, approach to just say
hello. Get used to ﬁrst interacting, using small steps. And never approach woman
to ask for dates anyway because they start thinking logic. Instead, it must be done
in a way that seems natural.
For now, approach to say, "Hi. I just saw you across the street and would have
kicked myself if I didn't come over and say you're drop dead gorgeous."
It is a myth that telling a woman she's gorgeous shouldn't be done because she
will already know by you approaching her. A man who sees beauty, isn't shy to
say to a woman she is gorgeous, or cute, or she has style, or she has an sexy
conﬁdence walk.
Hopefully these steps will help even though the question was posted a while ago
45.9k Views · View Upvoters

About · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact

